KING EDWABD VII.
Continued on Page Two.
Chairman - J.- W. • Phillips, - J. -L. Kennedy,
E.' D. Conger, and :Ai L. Harris'was ap- ;
pointed • to : carry ; on ¦'- this investigation.
• CALL BUREAU,. 1406, G; STREET, N.
W\, WASHINGTON, Feb: 14.-^An investi
gation of' the recent railway combinations
and of the "steel trust is to be.made'by
Congress through the Industrial Commis
sion.
At a meeting of the. commission to : day
a sub-committee '' consisting of •".Vice
.Among the witnesses who will be called
upon to testify will be John ,D. Rocke
feller, Andrew Carnegie. J. Plerpont
Morgan and Mr. Harriman. It is the
purpose .of- the commission ,to learn
everything possible about the new com
binations. . Inquiries will be made into the
methods ; of .organization, results sought
to-be attained -and especially the effects
upon jthe wages of labor and ' prices of
The; sub-commission will begin its work
In i New York ; next . Monday.
CONGRESS TO INVESTIGATE
THE NEW COMBINATIONS
Railway Deals and the Steel Trust Will Receive
Consideriatibn. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
have been received here of violent earth
quakes in the State of Guerrero and of
much damage to buildings in Chjlpancln
go, Mescala, Doa Rtos and other cities.
It Is not known here whether any lives
««x* lost. •
CITY OF MEXICO, Feb. 14.— Reports
VIOLENT EABTHQUAXES
' . BEPOBTED IN MEXICO
' - Inevitable End.
BERLIN. Feb. 14. — It is learned from a
well-informed source that^the condition of
Empress Frederick la causing: most se
rious anxiety. All the physicians can £t
Is to mitigate .the pain she Is suffering and
to deter the Inevitable catastrophe. The
extreme danger of the Empress' state la
proved by the fact that the Kaiser and
members of the family stay continually
in the neighborhood.
Physicians Able Merely to Stop tha
Fain She Suffers and to Delay
E1IPBESS fBEDEBICX'S .
CONDITION AIABMINO
On the- resumption of business in tho
House of Lords the Lord Chancellor read
the King's speech, and the Marquis of
Waterford. Conservative, moved the ad
dress in reply. Ho is, perhaps, the young
est member to whom the honor has ever
been accorded. Lord Manners, seconded
the motion. ."
Lord Klmberley, Liberal leader, after
complimenting the mover, and seconder of
the address, said the House needed no
further assurances thAt> the ! King would
After this there ensued In; the House of
Lords a rush and scramble without prece
dent in the history of Westminster. The
crowd In the state gallery . poured Into
the chamber. The ; Peers _ and Peeresses
struggled to get out and .other members
of the nobility. less_luckV. waited to see
the place in which i the grfct ceremony
had been held. Almost : j half ' an hour
elapsed before the confusion "was over and
the distinguished people were able to find
their carriages and return home.
Wild Bush and -Scramble.
In solemn tones the Lord Chancellor ad
ministered the oath, with the King sit
ting. The Lord Chancellor then, kneeling,
handed the King a roll, which he signed,
after which all present once- more stood
un and the King . put on his field mar
shal's plumed hat, rose and In clear, ring-
Ing tones' read his speech.- Then he turned
to the Queen, helped her td rise, and led
her out of the' chamber, preceded by the
procession through the royal 'gallery* again
and into the roblng-room, whence within
a few minutes they emerged, _' entered the
state carriages and , drove away amid a
tumult of cheers to Buckingham Palace.
Then the"gentleman usher of the Black
Rod, after a deep obeisance, hurried to
the. House .of Commons, and in a few
minutes the Speaker, wearing his stat3
robes and .attended by the nergeant-at
arms and chaplain, appeared at the bar.
Behind them surged members of the
House of Commons. Seldom ! had Great
Britain's legislators presented such a
turbulent Rpectacle. " Several ! hundred of
them struggled .fiercely' to get In a space
which could scarcely, hold fifty persons.
esty had gallantly led to the throne by
the hand, was. the first to do so. Her ex
ample was, followed on all sides.
With -a motion of his hand the r King
signaled that the distinguished gathering
should Bit, and the Queen, whom his Maj-
"When their Majesties reached the throne
the Lord Chancellor stood on the King's
right, on the Queen's left was Lord Lon
donderry. Lord Salisbury stood at the
foot of the throne. In the state chairs
were the Duchess of Cornwall and York,
Princess Charles of Denmark. Princess
Christian of SchleswIg-HolMeln and • the
Duchesses of Connaught. Fife and Argyll.
The Dukes of Connaught and Cambridge
stood near Lord Salisbury.
Edward Beads His Speech.
All present rose as the royal procession
entered and • all eyes centered on the
Queen's dress, which, it could, be seen, in
spite of the ermine cape, was of deep
black and glittered with Jewels, -\rhlle
across .her breast was the ribbon* of the
Order of the Garter, her husband's latest
tribute.
The monotony -of this sea of red and
white was varied by the uniform of the
Empassadors, who, sitting on the Bishops*
benches, with their cashes of blue, crim
son and greens of all shades, made a wel
come change. United States Embassador
Choate, as usual, was prominent on ac
count of his plain, evening dress. He was
accompanied by Mr. Carter, the eecond
secretary of the embassy, and Mr. Cut
ting, private secretary of the Embassa
dor. similarly attired. Mrs.' Choate was
with the Embassadors* wives.
Before the end of the procession had
passed .out of the royal gallery, the King
had entered the House of Lords and the
central feature of the day commenced. It
was 2:15 p. m. before the King arrived
in the chamhrr. where one of the most
striking things was the curious reversal
of the customary appurtenances of the
Fexes. Here for once the women were
somber looking in black, relieved only by
their white arms and shoulders and the
diamonds and pearls In their coronets,
while the men. usually in black, were ra
diant with brilliant robes of scarlet. and
ermine. The Peers and Judges occupied
the front benches.
of sadness to the scene. This was quickly
dispelled, howeved. by the glittering uni
forms of the* gentlemen at arms and high
officers of the army. .
Captains to; be advanced In rank from
February 11, 1901: - Robley Dl Evans, flve
numbers and to be a r«-ar admiral; Henrv
C. Taylor, five numbers and to be a rear
Navy-^-Rear admirals to be adyanced'in
rank from the eleventh "-.daV of February,
1901: William ! T. Samcsoji, .flve number?,
to take rank after Rear AdmlralJohniA.
Howell; Wlnfleld Schley, three num
bers, to; take rank - after : Rear- Admiral
Sampson when advanced.
"I ask.ln'the name' of truth and; justice
that you wlll> not. allow history. to be,per
verted -; r by permitting the advancement
of Admiral Sampson over' Admiral Schlcy
for a victory Ah which he had no part, not
even firing a- single shot, . Had, Sampson,
in announcing the American victor}', told
the truth and said that while he was un
avoidably absent^ at the time, of the ac
tion, be it said for the glory of the fla?
that Schleyj was ,bn , the spot, . America
would still be ringing with his plaudits.
This he did not do.", as. you- well .know.
Instead he started the controversy which
has Just culminated In the nominations
sent to 'the' Senate. "If these are con
firmed history will have been falsified and
a monstrous injustice done a brave Amer
ican officer. -May,: I, ajsk: you to ; prevent
these confirmations at this session?"
Appended 'are 'the -.nominations sent by
the President to' the Sonata to-dav:
The Schley-Sampson controve'rsy was
recalled to-day as tho lesult of the Pres
ident's nominations, and a number of
Senators announced their opposition to
the nominations. During the afternoon a
number of them received 'a telegram from
General. Felix Agnus of Baltimore.- pro
testing against the preferment of Admiral
Sampson. Thlstelegram Is as follows: .
"I 'recommend that.- following • our na
tional precedents, especially that In* the
case of Admiral Dewoy of the ABiat'.e
Squadron, the thanks of Congress be
given to Rear Admiral William T. * Samp
son, U. .8. N., and to the officers and men
under his command, for highly distin
guished conduct. Irt conflict with the en
emy and }n carrying on .the blockade and
naval campaign on th.« Cuban coast, re
sulting In the idestructlon of thi» Sparu'sh
fleet at Santiago de Cuba July 3, 1S98.
¦'¦f.^f- "WILLIAM McKINLET."
' "The result of .this. battle ; was the free
ing of our Atlantic. coast, from, the"pots!
bllltles to which it had been exposed from
Admiral Cerverais fleet and the termina
tloVi'of "the' war. upon the seas. ' ¦•" •
"Durirjg our recent war with, Spain the
United States naval force 'on the North
Atlantic, station was charged. with. vkrie.i
and Important duties, chief among- which
were the maintenance of the blockade cf
Cuba,, aiding the army in landing troops
and in subsequent operations and particu
larly in the pursuit, blockade and destruc
tion of the Spanish sauadron- under : Ad
miral Cervera. . .' '¦'..-: 1 >..•:.."".
"This naval campaign embracing objects
of .wide j scope and grave responsibilities
was" conducted with "great -ability on the
part of the Commander-in-chief ..'and of
the officers and enlisted men under his
command. 4 It culminated in the'annihila
tion* of: the^ Spanish 'fleet 'in' the'batiJ*"^ of
July S.*? 189S»*,'one";'of '; the -most 'memorable
naval in history. \,. ¦ " :
as commander of the naval force of the
Korth' Atlantic Squadron. The message
Is as follows: ..-.. .,.;. v .....
. To be second HeutenantsiSergeant Louis
E. Shucker, Twenty-eighth Infantry;
Commissary Sergeant William O. Tlenor,
Forty-third Infantry; Quartermaster Ser
geant John A. Bassett, Forty-fourth In»
fantry; Sergeant "William E. Roberts, For
ty-seventh Infantry.
Volunteers— To be assistant , surgeons
with rank of captain: Isaac C. Brewer of
Kansas/. ¦
. The following named officers of the
marine 'corps to be breveted from June
11, 1898. for distinguished conduct and pub
lic service in the presence of the enemy
at Guantanamo. Cuba; Captains Charles
L. McCawley and Allen C. "Kellen; to be
majors; First Lieutenants James E. Ma
honey. Herbert L. • Draper. Charles G.
Long, A. S. McLemooe and W. H. Mc-
Kelvle to he captains and second lieuten
ant; Melville J. Shaw . to be a first lieu
tenant. '
War— Army of the United States—Quar
termaster's . department: Captains to be
quartermasters with rank of major: Rob
ert E. Stevens, Frederick G. Hodgson and
John B. Bellinger.
¦Cavalry— Captatns to be majors: James
B. Hickejr, Eighth; Edward" J. McCler
nand. Second; Lev! P. Hunt, Tenth; Gun
cliffe H. Murray, Fourth; Charles A. Var
num," Seventh. .^¦~\ t i''s^' : - : -
Infantry-»-CaptaIn - Alfred .C. Sharpe,
Twenty-second, to be major.
Also the following to be advanced: En
sign W. R. White, five numbers; Paymas
ter WJlliam M. Gait, one; Rear Admiral
James Enstwistle, retired, two;* Chief En
gineer Charles . J. MacConnell, retired,
one; Captain John L. Hannum, retired;
two;. Captain George Cowie, retired, three.
- Commanders to be advanced from Feb
ruary 11:. Chapman C. Todd, three num
bers; William T. Swinburne, two; John D.
Ford; two; 'John Alexander Bates, three;
Robert W. Mllllga'n, three; Richard Inch,
three; Charles W. Rae, three; Adolph Ma
rix, two; Richmond P. Rogers, five;
Beaton Schroeder. three: Richard Waln
wrlght, ten; John A. Rodgers, five; James
K. Cogswell, five; Frederick Singer, flve;
William P. Potter, five; Giles B. Harbor,
five; John B. Briggs, five; Newton E. Ma
son, five; George Polvocoresses, five;
John A. Norrls, five.
• Lieutenant comtnanders advanced: War
ner B. Bayley,' two numbers; Edward M.
Hugfies, five; Corwin P. Reese, five; Al
bert ; t'C; r Dl 1 It n jrha m , two ?•" Aaron " j Wa rd;
two; Luclen You'ng'.'three; George B.'Ran
som, three; James M. Helm, five; Cam
eron: M.' R. '•- Winslow,'. ".five; \ Alexander
Sharp Jr., five; Frank H. Bailey, three;
Benjamin Tappan, five; Reynolds T. Hall,
three. '¦¦'•'¦
Lieutenants advanced: George McElroy,
three numbers ;¦¦ H. L. McL. Huse, five;
Carl' Jungen, flve; Charles H. Harlow,
two; John' L. Purcell. two; Edwin A. An
derson, five; Victor Blue.' flve; Thomas P.
Magruder, flve; C. H. Offley, four; Wil
liam H. Buck, flve; Harry H. Caldwell,
flve.
Lieutenants' (Junior grade) advanced:
Henry H. Ward, ten numbers and -to be
lieutenant; Walter S. Crossley, two; R. E.
M., Proctor, five; William P. Scott, flve;
John M. r Reeve3. four; Frank Lyon, four;
James P. Morton, four. i; Vv-p.
.•¦• .,..-
admiral; Francis A. Cook, five humbers;
Charles ! E. : Clark, six numbers: Charles
D. Slgsbee, three numbers; French E.
Chad wick, five numbers; John J. Hunker,
two numbers. Naval Constructor Hobson
"is . advanced ten numbers.
MT Lords and Gentlemen: «J- ; »J
I address you for the ;
first tlmeat a moment of '. . - •
national sorrow, when ¦ " ¦ . .'
the •whole country is - J< <~ s
mourning the Irreparable loss we @^ /^^fa j^l^^fe
have so recently sustained, and K^""* 1^
which hap fallen -with peculiar se- /ffift *^'^&KMB&\^~'^ Jojl
ous reicn has set an example be- WW*~'lr^' vS^.^^^»lil '
fore th*> world of what a monarch -
grief it is 'satisfactory to me to be I* g^T" *"% jtfiu^flr.' 4£flPY II
tinue friendly. The war in South ? X "''"' "\^T^ J '> II
and his principal lines of commiini- II : |- J^H^^SB^^^S^:*^S(|I , H-;
cation are in my possession, and II p^lfffnHWJffc^NWfc'i J"V'-3 11/
measures have been taken which II f^^^^wW^^-ll^P^^'^ fi
will, I trust, enable my troops to \^ 100 f -
deal p^Tectually with the forces by I |K^ V - .. \ JK\
which th*>y are still opposed. I lUfl <^V^S^|^^o^ - *^r|j)j'
greatly regret the loss "of life and |JM . I*****^^^ HI
expenditure or treasure due to the Imp .^r w|
fruitless guerrilla warfare main- ; 3111
tained by 3oer partisans in the for- . )-'". V- :
rrier terrttories'of the two republics. KINO EDWARD VII.
Their early submission is much to be •*• '• -•$
desired in their interests, as until it
takes place It will be impossible for me to establish in those colonies ihe in
stitutions which will secure the equal rights of all the white inhabitants and
protection and justice for the native population. < ',
The capture of Peking by the allied forces and the. happy release of
those who were besieged in the legations, results to which my Indian
troops and my naval forces largely contributed, have beep followed by the
submission cf the Chinese Government to the demands insisted up'on by the
powers. 'Negotiations are proceeding regarding' the manner in which compli
ance with these demands is to be effected. „
The establishment of the Australian Commonwealth was proclaimed
at Sydney January 1. with many manifestations* <Jf popular enthusiasm and re
joicing.- ¦'- -'¦.* ,;*
The prolongation of the hostilities in South Africa has led me to make
a further call on the patriotism and devotion of Canada and Australasia-. » I
rejoice that my request has m©t with a prompt and loyal response, and large
additional contingents from these colonies will embark for the seat of war
at early dates.
Tb£>3:p«t!Uori organized forthe nuppresslon- of : tfca rebellion In ; "Ashant!
was crowned with signal success. Th* 1 suffering "and "mortality' caused by
the prolonged drought In a large portion ot- rzy.; Indian Empire have' been
greatly alleviated by a seasonable rainfall, but I regret to add that in parts
of the Bombay Presidency distress of a serious character still continues,
which my officers are. using every endeavor to mitigate. " •
My Lords and Gentlemen: Proposals will be submitted to your Judgment
for increasing the efficiency of my military forces. . Certain changes . in the'
constitution of the Court of Final Appeal are considered necessary in conse
quence of the Increased resort to it which hns resulted from the expansion of
the empire during the last two generations. .
Legislation will be proposed to you for the amendment of the law relat
ing to education. Legislation has been prepared, and If the. time at your
disposal proves to be adequate It will be laid before you for the purpose of
regulating the voluntary sale by landlords to occupying tenants in Ireland;
for amending and consolidating the factory and workshops acts; for the bet
ter administration of the law respecting lunatics; for amending th» public
health acts in regard to the water supply; for the prevention of drunkenness
in licensed houses and public places, and for amending the law of literary
copyright. I pray that Almighty God may continue to guide you in the 'con
duct of 3'our deliberations, and that he may bless them with Success. ¦
Gentlemen of the House of Commons: The estimates for the year will be
laid before you. Every care has been taken to limit their amount, but -the
naval and military requirements of the country, and especially the outlay con
sequent upon the South African war, has involved an inevitable increase.
The demise of the crown renders it necessary that renewed provision shall be
made for the civil 1 list. I place unreservedly at your disposal those ,heredi-'
tary revenues which were so placed by my predecessor, and I have command
ed that the papers necessary fcr a full consideration o'f the subject shall be
laid before you. . . H.%\\I- •, .
KING EDWARD'S FIRST
SPEECH TO PARLIAMENT
mourning, given "by the long crape veil
hanging down her back and hfdlng the
mostly ermine. The ladies of the be.1
chamber, walking two abreast, directly
behind and deeply viilcd. added a touch
* V
and Scots guards,
•'God Save tlie King."
. Th* spectators were thickest ( around
Buckingham Palace, pressing against the
Iron fence for hours before the procession
started. In the meantime the Horse
Guards arrived and formed In line from
tr,*> j'^lac** t ntranco to tfce principal irate.
The members of the royal family. Includ
ing the Duke and Duchess of Connaught,
the Duchess of Cornwall and York, the
Duchess of Argyll, the Duke of Cam
bridge, Princess Henry of Battenberg,
and Prince and Princess Christian of
Echlepwig-Holsteln drove out In plain
two-horse coaches. with two footman In
rcarlet cloaks on the box, half an hour
before the procession formed.
"When the six-horse coaches carrying the
household appeared, the Horse- Guards'
mounted hand." struck ufc "God Save the
King." the people uncovered, the state
coach rolled out of the archwav in the
center of the palace .and was greeted witn
a roar of cheering. The yeomen gentle
men of the guard,' with halberds, followed.
The Horse Guards took up positions In
frnr.t of and behind the state coach. Th-«
heroejt of the crowd were the members
of Strnthcona's Horso, who .are Just back
from South Africa and who came in sev
eral . four-horse brakes, carrying their
ccrb5r.es and wearing slouch hats and
khaki overcoats. They alighted In front
cf the palace aiid m'arched down the line
to a position a short distance from the
ralacf. where they were drawn up while
thp procession passed. The King salute!
thr-m most cordially and the people
cheered them rr peatedly.
From Buckinsham Palace to' the House
of Lords the procession proceeded with
out a hitch at a walking pace. All along
the route hats and handkerchiefs were
waved and the greatest enthusiasm was
displayed. The approaches to the houses
cf Parliament were black with people,
who were kept in their places by Irish
ar.d Scots guards.
The King and Queen quickly got out of
the state carriage, which came to a stand
still at the royal entrance beneath the Vic
toria Tower ar.d-went t:p the marble, stair
way Into the roblng-room. Outside the
robing-room. In the royal- gallery., which
leads to the House of Lords, were about
MO persons, chiefly women, who had been
waitirg' patiently for hours on stands spe
cially erected for the ceremony. Among
th«m were many peers and Commoners
who were unable to get places within Xha
chamber.
After some delay the robing-room doora
Bwucg open and the procession, already
formed up, moved slowly ahead through
the dingy gallery. Xo funeral could have
been Quieter. The aristocratic spectators
were perfectly still. Slowly the heralds
marched -toward the upper chamber.
' Somber Women, Brilliant Men.
The sight of an usher, walking back
ward, heralded the approach of the King.
The Duke of Devonshire, president of the
Council. Immediately preceded him, car
rying In his arms the cushion on which
r^rted the crown. Lord Londonderry,
with equal dignity, clasped the sword of
state. The King was half down to the
pallery before the women remembered to
courtesy, and then black skirts rustled
ceaselessly and noble heads were bowed.
Smiling genially, the King bowed right
and left. He never looked better. H!«
huge, ermine cape gave an enormous
breadth to his shoulders and set t»*t the
healthy color of his face.
Queen Alexandra, weariner an ermine
cape and with a small diamond crown",
formed a renwirkable c&ntrast to her hus
band. The pallor of her face and her
downcast eyes enhanced the Idea of
LONDON. Feb. 14.— The first Parlia
ment of the reisn of King Ed
ward VII was opened this after
noon by the King \rt person.
His Majesty was accompanied by
Queen Alexandra, the Duke of Ccnnaught
ajid many others of the royal family.
The last ncte ceremony of the kind oc
curred In 1SC1, when Victoria opened
Parliament, accompanied by the Prince
Consort, and Fince the death cf the latter
nothing equal to to-<lay's poir.p has been
witnessed in London in connection with
the orwning of the National Legislature.
Not since the wedding: of the then Prince
of Wales and the Princess Alexandra has
. the g-crgeous state coach used to-day been
peen In the streets of the capital.
In' this coach to-day the King and
Queen rode from Buckingham Palace to
the Palace of Westminster. The route
of the royal party, which lay through the
Mall, the Horse Guards' Tarade. White
hall and Parliament street, was guarded
by 5WQ soldier?. Thousands of Londoners
packed St. James' Park, bordered the
route of the procession and f.Hed win- j
dows, stands and roofs.
Cortege Short but Spectacular.
The cortege was short, but spectacular.
The royal coach, drawn by eight of the
famous cream-colored Hanoverians, with
postillions In red and gold liveries,- and
footmen leading the horses, which were
covered with trappings of Morocco and J
gilt, was preceded and followed by the '
Ufe Ouards in full uniform with silver j
breastplates and plumed helmets, while
a Email escort of gentlemen-at-arms, In
historic costumes. Immediately "surround
ed the vehicle.
Five carriages of state, containing uni
formed officials and ladles of the house
hold, esbch drawn by six horses with
postillions and outriders, led the proces-
Flon. Next came the massive state
chariot, the occupants cf which could be
plainly seen through the plate-glass win
dows, the King, who was in full uniform,
ralutir.g constantly and the Queen bowing
on all Ei<ies.
Opening of the First Parliament Under the Reign of
King Edward, Whose Speech Promises That
Boer War Will Soon End.
Mrs. Nation was not so tired but that
she could see all that was going on. and
she commanded some men to stop smok
ing, as she* emerged from the courtroom.
Mrs. Nation has not lost a bit of her pop
ularity since her visit to Chicago. She is
followed wherever she goes by the same
large crowds. People seem to have much
more respect for her than they had before
and she has no difficulty. whatever in go
ing about the streets. She says she ex
pects to be released as a result of her
trial next Monday.
Mrs. Nation, appeared to be utterly un
concerned throughout the trial. She leaned
over the table occasionally and talked in"
a cheery fashion with her accusers and
they answered in the utmost good nature.
She appeared to be relieved when the trial
was over, as she was very tired as a re
sult of her Chicago trip. This did not
prevent the people in the courtroom from
greeting her, however, and she held an
Impromptu reception for several minutes
after the adjournment of the case.
The line" of Mrs. Nation's defense Is that
she, as a* private citizen, had a right to
abate a nuisance after the officers had
failed to do so.
After a conference between the attor
neys it was agreed that Kelly should ad
mit that he was running a saloon and that
Mrs. Nation should plead guilty to smash-
Ing it- "This was done and now the case
will be argued on Its merits as to whether
Joint property is entitled to the protec
tion of the law.
"Yeu will have to keep still."- said tha
court. "This trial will be conducted llko
any other, case and quiet must be main
tained. The Marshal will keep order. I
overrule the motion. Do you plead guilty
or not guilty?" .. >*
"Not guilty," said Mrs. Nation's attor
ney. v -v- 7-
Mike Kelly, one of the proprietors of
the Senate, was the first witness calletL
Kelly was made to say that he had been
arrested several times on the charge of
selling liquor. He claimed, however, that
the cash register smashed by Mrs. Nation
was kept to receive the receipts of the
poolroom and sales of soda water and
cigars.
At 2:15 Mrs. Nation entered the court
room and made her way through tha
crowd to her place at tho table by her
lawyer. The crowd applauded,- Mrs. Na
tion smiled and bowed, but said not a
word. .The crowd continued to applaud
and Judge McCabe demanded order and
called upon the Marshal to preserve quet.
Attorney Dumenit argued a motioa to
quash on the* ground that the complaint
was not. properly drawn. Mr*. Nation""
could keep quiet no longer and rose to her
feet.
"Tour Honor." commenced Mrs. Na
tion—
"Quiet," ordered Judge McCabe.
• "But that doesn't make any difference."
continued Mrs. Nation.
Rev. F. "W. Emerson volunteered the In
formation that Mrs. Nation had gone out
to dinner and would be back soon. As
sistant County Attorney Jamison, who
has charge of the prosecution, announced
that he would wait a few moments and
in' the meantime would call his witnesses,
Mike Kelly, "Shep" Little. Han»- Jack
son, Ben. Mulholland and George. Stam
baugh. For the defense Probate- Judge
Fagan, Chief of Police Stahl. Officer Car
penter, Mrs. James "White, Mrs. Georga
Wolverton and Miss Madeline Southward
were called. .
TOPEKA, Kans.. Feb. 14.— At' 2 o'clock
this afternoon Judge McCabe of the. City
Court called the case of the State vs.
Mrs. Carrie Nation, charged with destroy
ing property. Mrs. Nation was arrested,
on complaint of the owners of the Senate
saloon, which she and four other women
wrecked. ' The courtroom was crowded
with spectators on the main floor and in
the gallery, but Mrs. Nation was not to
be found. Her lawyer, J. M. Dumenit,
was'rather excited, but assured the court
that his client would be on hand very
soon. . ;" '-* :
Judge McCabe said that as the case had
been set for 2 o'clock he was ready to
take it up and that the case must pro
ceed. J "¦- '
Crusader Remains Popular
and Many Are Flocking '
to Her Standard,
Will Plead Guilty to
Smashing a
"Joint,"
MRS. NATION
IS ON TRIAL
AT TOPEKA
MADRID, Feb. '14.— In the chapel of the
royal palace, .in' the presence of the royal
family and all the -aristocracy and of
ficialdom of Spain, Dona, Marie de las
Mercedes de Bourbon , y Hapsburg, Pririy
cess of the Asturias, "was to-day wedded
to Prince Charles of Bourbon.
( Wher Madrid awoke. It found Itself iin-.
der m»i. j rj ' rule. VA proclamation was
posted announcing; the enforcement of
martial, law In consequence of the In
ability of the civil authorities to cope with
the disturbances. -Mounted , troop's pa
trolled the cfty: and occupied every
strategic point, and- a demonstration
toward the palace on actfount of the wed
ding was thus, nipped In the bud and no
disturbance of any kind occurred to-day.
Immense crowds surrounded the palace
during the ceremony, but not a word of
disrespect was overheard." After the
ceremony the Mayor Issued an appeal to"
the populace, asking for calmness.
General " Weyler has issued a proclama
tion prohibiting persons gathering In
groups. Any one found insulting or in
juring the troops by word or deed will' be
tried by court-martial.: Parents or
guardians permitting children to "roam In
the streets will be heavily fined. Mili
tary subjects on furlough, who take part
¦in the disturbances will be court-mar
tialed. Persons injuring railways or other
means of transportation and persons in
terfering with or Inciting • workmen will
also be court-martialed." ¦
The air is full of a Ministerial crisis,
but there appears, to have been no meet
ing of the Cabinet this evening.
The Count and Countess of Caserta left
Madrid at .8 o'clock, y Their .departure
was, without' si>ec^laii*ldent.- . The -train
will proceed with the greatest iclrcum-'
spection owing to the fear of treacherous
attack. Prince Charles and the Princess
of the Asturias will remain in Madrid for
the present. .Madrid is quiet to-night:";
, Shortly after. 10 ©•clock this morning the
guests began to arrive at the palace,
mounting the grand staircase and travers
ing the long corridors, lined" on each side
by 'halbiders, in red coats,, white trousers
and black leggings, to the entrance of 'the
chapel, where the Palace Guards, by
thoroughly perfected plans, escorted each
person, to a proper seat. Every'arrange
ment w*as accurately made. • There was
no crowding or Jostling. The diplomatic
tribune was first filled. Among the early
comers, were Bellamy Storer. United
States Minister, and Mrs. Storer.
When the, chapel finally filled a scene
of wondrous coloring, due to the bril
liancy of the dresses of the court, ladles
r.nd the elegant uniforms of officers and
diplomats, was displayed. Just as .the
cathedral clock chimed 11 the strains' of
tho "Broscle March" pealed from the
organ while the bridegroom's party en
tered and took seats . before .the altar,
between the tribunes on each side. Prince
Oharles wore the simple uniform of a
captain of artillery, but displayed also
the Order of the Golden Fleece. The
Duke of Callbra wore a similar uniform
covered with Spanish and Italian deco
rations. Prince Gennaro was in the uni
form of a cadet and the Count of Caserta
in ordinarV evening dress.
/The Countess; wore a cream-colored
court gown and her three daughters'
dresses were relieved with head and neck
wear, of white lace.
. After a moment's waiting the more Im
posing cortege of the bride arrived. It
was preceded by all the court officials,
who advanced amid an imposing sound
cf , trumpets. ' King Alfonso, .dressed i;i
. the simple uniform of.a, cadet, with a
email sword at his side; -led the way. He
walked erect- and 'firmly, his healthy ap
pearance'giving, denial to the rumors re
cently circulated that he was' ailing.
Having knelt/at the altar, he turned to
salute, the diplomats. . Then he "knelt
again and bowed in the direction of his'
grandmother, who watched the ceremony
from a private tribune in the- Queen's
chapel. Then came the Queen" Regent and
the other of the royal family.
In the front row before the altar stood
the. Count of Caserta, Prince Charles, the
Princess of the Asiurias and ¦ the Queen
Regent; In the t second the Countess of
Caserta, the. King and Archduke Eugene:
In ' the third the Duke and ' Duchess j of
Calabria and the Infantas, and ',in the
fourth Prince Gennaro and his sisters.
The Queen • Regent, in a robe of ; light
cream. , wore the crown. The Princess of
the Asturias was in white. The ceremony
lasted half an hour. Mass followed. The
Cardinal blessed : the rings and coins and
placed the coins in the bride's palms and
then the hands of the bridegroom' above
hers! He placed the rings' in .the hands
of the bridegroom, who placed them in
the hands; of the. bride,' saying: "I 'give
theeithis guerdon in token of marriage."
: The bride*. replied: . "I accept.", : V
The Cardinal, wore ancient vestments,
richly studded ;with gems; and' pearls,
dating from the^ reign of Ferdinand. At
the conclusion of the mass the cortege
retraced Its steps — the ¦ King' with the
, Countess • of Caserta, the Queen " Regent
with the Count "of Caserta, the . bride
groom with. the bride and Archduke Eu
gene wlth'^ the ; Infanta Isabella, " : The 'en
tire i ceremony";, was. simple -and effective
and was V conducted', without a hitch : of
any -character." - . . .
Madrid Under Martial Law
of t&e People.
Princess of Asturias
Bride of Prince
ARE MARRIED
WHILE TROOPS
KEEP PEACE
BRILLIANT THRONGS GREET
BRITAIN'S RULER ON STREETS
AND IN THE HOUSE OF LORDS
VOLUME LXXXI^-NO. 77.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 14.—Presi
dent McKInley to-day .sent | a
message to' Congress urging
that the-', thanks 'of Congress
be tendered to. Admiral Samp
son for his ¦work during the Spanish war
Controversy Reopened by Special
Message and Nominations
: Sent to Senate.
PRESIDENT RANKS
ADMIRAL SAMPSON
AHEAD OF SCHLEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.SIGHTS IN THE STATE CAPITOL.
NO ONE WOULD PLACE HOPE
A&OTJND PBISONEB'S NECK
Plan ta Lynch Schoolmaster Berry
Hall Is Not Carried Into
• . Effect- .- -
HUNTSVILLE, Ala,. Feb. 14.— TVlth tha
arrival of the militia from Birmingham
and Gadsden, ordered to. Huntsvllle by
Governor Sanfprd this afternoon, all at
tempts to lynch Berry Hall, a white
schoolmaster, for an alleged assault on a
13-year-old white girl, apparently have
abandoned. The soldiers are guarding the
Jail.
At the close of Hall's preliminary trial
to-day a mob burst in the door of the
courtroom, secured the prisoner and led
him Into the courthouse yard. A rope
was thro-wn over a limb but no one -would
volunteer to tie the rope around the vic
tim's neck, and at the critical time a
Deputy Sheriff walked up and with no re
sistance whatever on the part of the mob
led the prisoner to Jail.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 14.— So far. as argument
was concerned Smith of Kern fought the
Senate to a standstill this afternoon. He
made the Governor's bill appropriating
$100,000 for the protection of the health
of the ¦ State look like -4he much-abused
GO cents,, and only the thing was. fixed
to go through It would have been a sorry
tfay -for the Governor's pet measure. The
bill came up on second reading, .and In
defiance of an agreement made in com
mittee that Its consideration should be
delayed some days It was taken up.
Rowell and Luchslnger objected, urging
the committee agreement as a reason for
postponement, but they finally wilted,
withdrawing their objections. Then Tay
lor rose and offered an amendment cut
ting the $100,000 down to $20,000. Taylor
argued t>hat $100,000 appropriated at
this time would be an admission
that there was plague in Califor
nia, and he believed with . the $28,
000 already at the disposal of .the Gov
ernor $20,000 would be ample. Belshaw
argued that at any time the State Board
of Examiners could create a deficiency
and raise as much money as. would be
necessary. Then Smith of Kern spoke in
favor of the amendment, but ended by
....... »'•'• »•• • _»__t__f _»_•_.»_»„»_ _4_t_J_J_f.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
asking time to consider the bill. He said
bis vote for the bill would mean that he
believed plague did exist in the. State, and
he was not yet willing to declare that to
be his belief. , .
He moved that the consideration of the
bill go over until Wednesday next. Cut-'
ter moved the previous question, fearing
that some of the weaker knees counted
upon would bend under .the strain. The
previous question was lost, however, the
time for Assembly bills, under which or
der the measure was being discussed,
was continued indefinitely and the debate
went on. . Wolfe, Lukens and Selvage all
opposed the postponement, and then
Smith was allowed to close the discus
sion.. He closed It very much as a shell
bursts at the end of its, flight.
In speaking to the postponement Smith
tore the theory of the bill to shreds.' He
pictured the supporters of the bill deny
ing the "existence of plague In. the State,
yet asking % 100,000 to preveni it from
spreading to protect the State from some
thing that did not exift. He. demanded
what would.be the result if he asked
for $100,000 to protect the town. of Bakers
rteld from cholera. "I would be asked if
there was cholera in Bakersfleld," he con
tinued, "and I would say 'Not on .your
life.' Bakersfleld is too healthy a place
for cholera.
"Then I would be asked if cholera was
likely to come there, and again I would
Bay, 'Not on your life.' And If I stijl
demanded $100,000 for the protection of
Bakersfleld from cholera what kind of an
ass^ would I be? And that is just the
position in which some of the Senators
are, whipping this bill through with a
party lash that has shown Itself in this
benate this afternoon. If reports show
that there is plague In this State I. will
vote for this appropriation, . but I will
nor be whipped -with it to-day." ;
The roll was then called and the motion
to postpone was lost. There was more
discussion on the merits of the amend
ment. Smith of Kern leading in the
theory that with $20,000 appropriated and
S2S.00O more in the old fund there would
be ample for any emergency, but the
amendment was lost by tha following
vote: ¦ •
Ayes— Ashe, Belshaw, Currier, Green
w.ell, Lardner, Plunkett, Rowell, Sims and
T , ay J or "n 9 ' Noes— Noes— Burnett. Byrnes,
Caldwell. Corlett. Curtin, Cutter, Davi*
Devlin. Flint, Goad. Hoey. Laird, Leav
itt, Lukens, Maggard, Muenter, Nelson,
Nutt, Selva*e, Shortridge, Simpson, Smith
of Los Angeles, -Tyrrell of Nevada, Tyrell
of San Francisco, Welch and Wolfe— *>6
Smith of Kern' did not vote -on the
amendment. The . vote Includes all the
strength behind the bill, with two more
who were, absent, besides several who
v.-ere against both amendment and bill.
The measure went to third reading, but
it has developed an opposition that may
end In swamping It.
VOTE FOR PROTECTION FROM PLAGUE
THEY ADMIT DOES NOT EXIST
Adherents of the Appropriation Bill. Pan Little Attention' to
Argument, Break Previous Agreement anfl Vote Solidlu.:
PLAN FOR JUNKETING
TRIP TO SAN PEDRO
Bill Which Was Defeated Two Years
Ago Again Makes Its
Appearance. -
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 14.— This session of the
Legislature has already become notorious
for uselgss and expensive junketing trips,
but it has remained for "Colonel" Martin
Brady's Committee on Commerce and
Navigation to cause the introduction of' a
bill, which was defeated two years ago as
a piece of undesirable legislation, for the
sole purpose of getting a junket out of.lt.
The bill Is the old measure creating a
Board of State Harbor Commissioners for
San Pedro. It was introduced yesterday
by Broughton. and th-is morning a resolu
tion was put in by the committee and
adopted authorizing the committee of nine
members and its secretary to visit San
Pedro.
The trip will cost the State some $1200.
The people of San Pedro and vicinity do
not want the bill passed, and no faction
even of its population has Interested it
self in the bill's Introduction. The initia
tive was taken by the committee that
wanted another fat junketing trip.
Broughton says he has no Interest in
the bill, and that so far a3 he knows
there is no one In Southern California
who wants it passed. He says frankly that
it was- given to him to introduce by a
member of the Assembly. He laughingly
refuses to say who that member is. but
will not deny that he was a member of
the Committee on Commerce and Naviga
tion. _.
Two weeks ago Assemblyman Savage
of Ssji Pedro was In conversation with
"Colonel" Brady and several others, in
cluding ex-Assemblyman "Jack" Crowly
of San Francisco; who is now clerk to
the minority. Brady was talking In char
acteristic vein of junkets he was plan
ning — one to Paris on the Paris Commis
sion investigation and one to Honolulu en
the Welch leper settlement resolution.
Savage jokingly said be would resurrect
the fcan Pedro harbor bill and Introduce
it so that Brady's committee might take
a trip to San Pedro.
Th£ joke was not lost on Brady and his
friends. A few days later Crowly was
fesyching industriously through the rec
ords of the session of 1S39 for the old San
Pedro bill. There was some difficulty in
finding it and consequent delay, but at
]a*t it was unearthed, a typewritten copy
made of it and the copy passed up to the
iiccornmodating : Broughton for introduc
tion.
Two years ago Knowland was chairman
of the Committee on Commerce and Navi
gation, and the bill, then Introduced In
good faith, made a junket necessary. He
took a Fub-committee of five on the trip,
and the mileage bill exceeded JoiO. The
committee broupht in an adverse report
and the bill was killed. .
Assemblyman Savage is very much ex
ercised- over the results of his Joking con
versation. He is strongly opposed to the
bill, and fearing that the committee will
seek to Justify its trip by returning a re
port in favor of the passage of the bill
he will make the trip to Ban Pedro with
the committee at his own expense. He
has already telegraphed jto leading citi
zens of San. Pedro to be ready with con
vincing arguments against the bill. The
committee will leave to-morrow.
ARCHITECTS THE NEXT
TO BE. REGXTLATED
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 14.— Broughton introduced
a bill in the Assembly this morning to
regulate the practice of architecture. It
provides for the appointment by the Gov
ernor of a Board of Architecture .to be
composed of ten members. The State is
divided into a northern and a southern
district, the division line being the north
erly linos of San Luis Obispo, Kern and
Han Bernardino counties. Five members
of tho board shall be appointed from
members of the San Francisco Chapter
of the American Institute of Architects
or eome similar institution or association,
and five shall be .appointed from the
Southern California Chapter of the Amer
ican Institute of Architects or some sim
ilar Institution or association. • The dis
trict boards shall hold regular meetings
for tho examination of applicants for cer
tificates to practice architecture.
MINOR VICTORY FOB Sj 3>iC
• THE TEACTION COMPANY
Caldwell's Amendment to Franchise
Bill Adopted by the Senate
'V Committee.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 14.— The Los Angeles Trac
tion Company scored one on the Southern
Pacific before the Senate Cbrnmittee on
Municipal Corporations when Caldwell's
amendment .to the franchise ' bill was
adopted by the committee,- but It was
a small vfctory. . The . bill had two fea
tures which It was hoped would be
chan'ged. One allowed competitive bid
ding after the sealed bids were opened
ana another which made the advertise
ment .of a franchise compulsory. One
amendment submitted knocked out the
bidding after the opening of sealed bids,
but the amendment was -killed..
The other amendment sought to allow
the granting of a franchise upon petition
of the owners of two-thirds of the prop
erty fronting on the proposed franchise
without advertising for competition, but
this, too, was killed. Caldwell's amend
ment was made after the amendment
striking out the -open bidding had
been lost. He added a clause that re-'
quired the putting up of a check the size
of the new bid whenever a bid should be
made in open competition, the amount of
the check being made forfeltable to the
city In case of attempts to evade the bid.
This was adopted.
Then Taylor submitted an amendment
so changing the. bill as to make it require
readvertlsing upon the release or exten
sion of any franchise, and this was adopt
ed. Taylor had a long string of amend
ments, but none of them except the one
mentioned prevailed. He Intends to sub
mit a minority report when the bill Is sent
back. The committee recommendation
will be that it do pass as amended. In all
the votes except two the committee stood:
For the amendments— Taylor, Caldwell
and Smith of Los Angeles; against them—
Ashe, Shortridge, Devlin and Tyrrell pf
San Francisco. On the amendment- re
quiring the presentation of checks on open
bidding Ashe went over to the other side.
On Taylor's successful amendment Ashe
also voted with the minority, but Cald
well went to the majority.
WILL LIMIT CIVIL
SEBVICE_ BEGTJXATIONS
Tyrrell's Bill Prevents Commissioners
From Creating Vacancies by
Removing. Competent
Employes.
' CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 14.— Senator Tyrrell of San
Francisco Introduced, a bill to-day, the
purpose of which is to limit the opera
tion of civil service regulations.
Section 1 of the bill is as, follows:
"Whenever any person v/ithiri this State
phall hold any office or position of public
trust and shall have taken the oath of
office prescribed by section 3, article 22 of
the State constitution upon entering upon
such office, or shall after his election or
appointment have offered to take such
oath, it shall be unlawful to remove
such person from such office or position
of public trust because such person has
not complied with some or any provision
of any law, charter or regulation pre
scribing an -additional test or qualifica
tion for such office or position of public
trust, and any person who is removed or
threatened. with removal from any office
or position of public trust under any pre
tense or device whatever, if the real rea
son be because of non-compliance -with
provisions requiring such additional test
or qualification, shall be entitled to re
strain such unlawful removal or to en
force restoration by process of injunction
both prohibitory, and mandatory." T •
The second section of the bill provides
that any person in authority may- be re
strained from removing such official from
office by prohibitory and mandatory in
junction.
If it becomes a law- It will nullify the
civil service provisions of the charter of
San Francisco.
Veto Sustained.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 14.— The Gover
nor's veto of Atherton's bill to permit
roads to San Quentin prison to be con
structed and repaired by" convict labor
was unanimously sustained. .
The bill was introduced January 31 and
referred to the Committee on Municipal
Corporations. The members of this com
mittee are: Savage (chairman), Fisk,
Walker, McWade, Macbeth. Cowan and
James. They -have not reported the bill,
but they ought to read it and ask some
Questions about it. Butler ought to be
asked if he could supply light, at the rates
prescribed, if he had a plant given to him
and fuel furnished free. Competent en
gineers could convince the committee thn.t
not a plant in existence could be operated
under the bill/ as the rates permitted to
ALL . HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
- EXTO. Feb. 14. — John Butler, represent
tk ; In* the Assembly the Thirty-third Dis
tret, has Introduced a bill to regulate
electric light companies. It Is known as
Assembly bill 5S1— "Ah act to ' establish
uniform rates to.be charged by any com
pany or corporation'-doinjj business with
in municipal corporations exceeding 25,000
inhabitants In the State of California for
furnishing electric light and establishing
methods for fixing said rates and provid
ing penalties for violation."
— < ¦ r . .
Rate Fixed- ho It Would Not Pay fop Fuel
to Generate Electricltu.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
be charged would not pay for the cost of
fuel to generate light.
A company operating under the pro
visions of Butler's bill could not collect
more than five cents a month for a 31
candle lamp. Only two cents a month
could be collected for a 14-candle lamp.
Section 2 of the bill makes It unlawfurfor
any company to place a meter or other
appliance for the purpose of fixing tho
rates to be charged for furnishing electric
lights.
Assemblyman' Butler claims that he
framed the bill himself. If he were in.
possession of some knowledge of the sub
ject when he framed the measure he ought
to be able to tell the committee how much
it costs per kilowatt hour to produce light.
Let him estimate oil for fuel at 90 cents
a barrel and make his calculations pn that
basis.
Of course. Butler's San Francisco con
stituents want cheap light. Martin Kelly
languishes for the lowest rate of illumi
nation, and the Committee on Municipal
Corporations should ask for lfght on But
ler's bill. Intense rays of light thrown on
the measure might disclose the presence
at cinch plague bacilli In the body of the
bill. ' •
RIDICULOUS FEATURES
OF ELECTRIC LIGHT BILL
follow In the steps of his mother, and pro
ceeded to express dissatisfaction with the
conduct of -the war in South Africa. He
raid the present conditions in South
Africa filled him with apprehension. The
Government had been living In a fool's
paradise. Unless it enabled General
kitchener to speedily terminate the war
the situation could easily become more
dangerous. If the Government attempted
to put the whole military situation on a
more satisfactory basis it would receive
every support from the Liberals.
Lord Salisbury Replies.
Lord Salisbury ro£e leisurely and added :
his congratulations to. the mover and sec- ;
onder of the address and proceeded to re
fer to the manner in which the country's
loss had been received throughout the
world. Lord Salisbury Baid the country
could now hope contidently that the prom
ise given by the King that he would fol
low In his mother's steps would be fully
and abundantly bcrne out. If so.' it would
be ihe greatest triumph for the people of
the monarchy and for the name of the
British union. - Dealing with the war.
Lord Salisbury thought there was nothing
unusual in the length of the campaign.
He rtf erred Lord Kimberley to the In
dian mutiny and the American war, be
tween which and the South. African cam
paign there was a great resemblance. In
Bosnia it took two years and the whole
power of Austria to conquer the peas
ants. Where great enthusiasm and per
sistency existed in a country like So.uth
Africa months must elapse before-tran
quillity could be restored. Therefore he
did not believe there was any real ground
for the discontent or apprehensions .ex
pressed by Lord Kimberley. • ¦¦¦
The House of Commons, after ' a brief
recess, reassembled and a message was
brought in from the King thanking the
Commons for their address of sympathy
on the loss of bis mother and their ex
pression of dutiful attachment to his per
ron. The Speaker then r.ead the message
for condolence In the various parliament
ary bodies. During the formal business
the members condoled with each other on
the injuries received in the scrimmages
earlier in the day during their attempts
to reach the House of Lords. "Shore were
many contusions.
Among the measures announced Gerald
Balfour, president of the Board of Trade,
gave notice that at an early, date he would
introduce a bill to amend and consoli
date, the law regarding the literary copy
right. . • . ' '
. The Speaker, having read the King's
ppeech, H. W. ¦ Foxestier, Conservative,
\\est 4vent, who was in the uniform, of
the Yeomanry, moved the address- in re
ply, to the speech from the throne. After
a reference to the change of sovereignty
Mr. Forestler said he hoped tha Houso
would remember the dignity of the King's
fioFition and deal generously with the civil
1st. Sir Andrew Agnew, Unionist, Edin
burgh, seconded the motion.
OPFOSITTON OF • IRISHMEN."
They Determine, on a Vigorous Caxn-
paign Against the King.
LONDON. Feb. 14.— John Redmond, in
the course of an lriter%ew this evening
said: •;..>-;*-,;. •'
"While the Peers arid Commoners were
jostling each other to-day in/nilgar haste
to pay obeisance to Bdward VII. every
Irish member deliberately abstained from
any participation in the pageant. The
Irish National party to-day unanimously
decided that in consideration of Ireland"s
present condition the Irish members
would take no part in the ceremonies in
augurating: the new reign. '
"For the first time in ten years, eighty
Irish members met in a united party in
uestminster to-day and determined on a
vigorous campaign apainst. the new King
They intend not-only to discuss Irish
questions, but to interfere in every Brit
ish question which may arise. We pur
pose to expose the iniquity of the Boer
war, and to make a general assault upon
the whole line." .
This evening- Redmond received a mes
sage from Boston, signed by Mr. O'Calla
han, faying, "Members -of the United
Irish League of Boston bid the". Irish
party God-speed In beginning /the fight."
Continued From Page One.
BRILLIANT THRONGS GREET BRITAIN'S HEW BEER
BE20BTER HAMILTON
DID NOT KtLIi. T>AY
An Iowa Plumber Makes Important
Statement in Connection "With
Millionaire's^ Murder.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Feb. U— P. M.
¦Ryan, a ' plumbery ; makes the statement
that he was an eVe-wltness of the killing
of Leonard Day. : He says he saw ;. tho
fight .start "and "saw . an:- unknown- man
striko Hamilton, the reporter, with a* bil
liard cue. .He did not see the . fatal .blow
struck. He. says Hamilton, did not, kill
Day. »E&E$v&&B&BBSBBKmB£A
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 14.— They cannot
arrest people In this country, for lese
majeste, .but: if they "could Charles F.
Lummis, the author . and editor of the
Land of Sunshine .^magazine, would
promptly be Jailed by the British Vice
Consul here! C Whits Mortimer. '
Mortimer Is white hot with rage and
resentment of a: remarkable denunciation
of England's King ' which ' Lummis has
printed in the current number of his mag
azine. - . ,' ; . -. ? ;..'.-•. ' , ¦ ¦• -¦ • •
There Is a considerable colony of
wealthy British here, and in Riverside and
their indignation at Lummis' 'remarkable
diatribe is unbounded. . • . .
-When these British folk . get through
telling ".what they; think of Mr. Lummis
and his vitriolic pen 'the editor of the Land
of .Sunshine may know how the King- of
England felt when the news was wired to
him that he is thus scored In Lummia'
magazine: .. ; . ....
-A 'peat/ whose • sharpness is little hinted
aloud, :1s now . upon England. In place of a
Queen, who for three score years was the quiet
model . of "the domestic virtues"and of clean life
who Rave Europe. its longest example of re
spectability at. i court-In her place Is the person •
whose only distinction thus far thas been as
the first blackeuaxd. pf "Europe, the most -whole.'
sale roue alive; «. set gambler, a debauchee so
unmeasured "that- hit wife— as clean a woman
as his mother fkd more intellectual— has been
forced for yea/s to, withdraw herself from his
' besotted ¦ intimacy." ' Kin* Edward. Indeed ha«
by now^prettyv.well' exhausted the calendar
possibilities of debauchery. . Old age may take
the place of virtue in. the formal act, but b»
will not change his fibre.' He:wlll never stand
as an .example of clean, decent manhood, for
he: has nothlnr of . that to stand-on. . He has
less Intellect than any public man In England
lees morais than, the averare. peasant. :. .'.
*-'C. White Mortimer, the; British Vice
Consul, said: ,
Such intemperate and brutal attacks as thu
on, the King of England 1 would not. of cours
be worth noticing, except- their author was a
man ' of standing. r Put- when a. representative
historian and maclilne ; editor ; sets : forth • the
King of England in luch terms- and in «uch
tight.' a remonstrance is the mildest form that
resentment . should take. ••-.. -....-- . -¦ _ -¦-
BITTER ATTACK
ON KING EDWARD
Editor Lummis Scores Him
in Language Hardly Fit
for Publication.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. \ 14.— A • grand ball
took place on board the transport-'War
ren, while the Stars and'- Stripes hung" at
halfmast and the corpses of more than
100 American soldiers lay on board. :
A ' grewsome . spectacle* it • must . have
been and yet, according to the statement
of Fred Culver, who was one of the sick
men to come home on the transport, this
Is the -sort of diversion in which ¦ the ; of
ficers and the Indies ( on board ship in
dulged la while the ship was waiting. off
Honolulu.
Mr. Culver makes some sens^Plonal dis
closures regarding the conductf of. the of
ficers on - the trip and tho manner in
which Pick soldiers were treated.
Culver's time would not have been out
until next- June, but he was sent home
because of sickness and received an hon
orable discharge. . The young man told
the we,ird story of the festivities at "Hono
lulu, how the officers and the women kept
time with their feet to lively dance music,
while . the winds \ and the ocean waves
were ¦ moaning a-, requiem ' for the brave
boys who had laid down their lives in the
service of .their country. The. starry
emblem fluttered : to the breeze," keeping
watch vover the noble dead and ' hanging
at halfmast above the ship. :
¦While sick soldiers lay huddled in. the
hold of the vessel, half stifling in the Im
pure air, there tfas.a "sound of revelry
by night'.' on the cabin deck and the boys
knew that the officers' were whillng away
the'hours -with festivities ' that were illy
adapted to the 'circumstances surrounding
tho homecoming of the transport Warren.
"This." said the young man. "was only
a specimen of j the .regard ' that the officers
had for the comfort of the sick men..- We
were, kept in the hold and not on 'any ac
count allowed to go on the cabin' deck, no
matter, how much a breath of fresh; air
was ¦ needed. . .- The cabin •; deck, ; we -' were
told," was for the officers, and they monop
olized it ~ without ' conscientious - scruples"
regarding tho sufferings ¦ of the men be
low. We were never able to get medicine,'
exefept in- : the daytime, ;, and * a soldier,
might ' have died for want of ¦ medical ! aid
•in the night." v-vafcMBEftjMaM&^atiitgjWBMiMpBw;
; Mr. ¦¦ Culver is the son of Captain ¦ J." H.
Culver and has also two brothers who oc
cupy official positions in the army. ¦"'- The
family. to which he; belongs is well known
in : Loa ; Angeles.': ' ¦'¦"".'¦-"''¦igSisSSKSB^SSSSiBS
LITTLE REGARD
FOR NOBLE DEAD
Returned Soldier ¦Tills'. o|
Revelries on the Trans- -
port Warren.
LONDON, Feb. 15.— The Tientsin corre
ppondent of the Standard, wiring yester
day, says:
"The situation In ' Peking is again be
coming complicated, and, the prospects of
a settlement are more remote than ever.
"It Is believed that Sir Ernest Mason
Batow will take decisive early action.
Count von Waldersee Is reported to have
eent an ultimatum to the imperial court.
All appearances Indicate that ,' China's
immovable obstinacy is merely Intended
tc facilitate the active preparations she
IP 'making -for a' renewal of hostilities in
PEK1N&, Feb. 14.— No official communi
cation has yet been made to the forelsn
envoys by, the Chinese plenipotentiaries
on behalf of the court. At present nego
tiations"'are no further advanced than
they were at the meeting when the Chi
nese plenipotentiaries agreed to tne
death of Prince Chuang and Yu Hsien. .
Private dispatches from Siangf u ; say
that a strong opposition has developed
among the officials to an agreement to
the demands, of ; the .powers, as. well as
an opposition to the . reform edict. * Sev
eral memorials have been presented to
Emperor Kwang Su urging him to refuse
further negotiations ana to promote those
whom the foreigners desire executed. On
the other hand it appears that Shan Chi
Tung the Viceroy of Hankow, urges the
immediate commencement • of reform.
Situation More Complicated
and No Prospects of
• . Settlement.
CHINESE MATTER
GROWS MUDDLES
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 14.— The friends
of Frank Olmstedf are making the re
markable, claim that the former City En
gineer was beaten in the city convention
last year because he wa« a Christian.
Olmsted 1» to be. asked to give an ac
count'of his experiences in politics for the
benenfol the Young Men's Christian As
sociation, and according to his former
henchmen the ex-City Engineer will de
scribe his political downfall as due to the
fact that he "follows Christ." Olmsted
was,asked by a local paper to say what
Los Angeles needs most. Olmsted prompt
1 v wrote " * * • *— "
••Los Angeles needs Christ most."
One of the best-known merchants and
men of affairs In Los Angeles, who is
also a prominent, church worker and a
personal friend of- Olmsted. said to-day:.
"When Frank Olmated stands up in pub
lic and delivers his talk upon the 'Chances
of a Christian In Politics,' and Illustrates
it by a description of his experiences in
the City Hall and in. the; conventions
there will be an opening of eyes. Mark
that! Olmste.d was, martyred because of
his Christian faith. He perished in pol
itics because he wouldn't sacrifice his
Christian 'manhood and purity to cater
to the "push.* " j
Former Engineer Olmsted's
Views of the Los An
. geles Politicians.
HAVE N0 USE
FOR A CHRISTIAN
SAN BERNARDINO, Feb. 14.— Owing to
the immense depth of snow on the moun
tains traveling is very difficult and to
day the death is reoorted of John Lett
of this city, who was employed by the
Arrowhead Reservoir Company working
in tunnel No. 2, about six miles from
Hedges Camp, th.e headauarters of the
works. Sunday morning Lett started on
snowshoes from the tunnel to the camp
to see the manager and get the mail for
the men In tha tunnel, about fifteen m
number. He reached Hedges Camp soon
after noon and started back for •the tunnel.
The snow is all the way from three to
thirty feet In depth and the barn at
Hedges Camp, two stories high, is entirely
buried in snoW. Wednesday Hedge went
to the tunnel on .snowshoes and found
that Lett had not got back there, the men
supposing he .was still at the camp.
a warchine party was at once started
oui and r to-day the body was discovered
?n Gra4» Valley, standing against
a tre? frozen stiff. The trail wrfs enttrely
obliterated by the snow and when about
half war back "Lett wandered from the
the body
back to camp, but after going two miles
the attempt &as abandoned and the body
loft "Tn the snow. If the snow freezes to
nlKht the attempt will be renewed early
Fn the morning. It Is. thought the boay
cannot.be brought down for burial before
S Th d e a &ose mine camp was nearly starve 3
out the provisions about -gone and the
water pipes frozen and burst. A party of
ten men attempted to get out for assist
ance and only nine succeeded. It took
them eighteen hours to make ten miles.
The other man found his way back to
the Rose mine. The oldest settlers have
never known such a quantity, of snow on
the mountains as this winter.
John Lett Perishes Alone in
the Mountains of San
,' Bernardino County.
CHICAGO, Feb. 14.— Flames were set
simultaneously on four floors of the
Palmer House this afternoon and forty
five minutes later were discovered on two
floors in the Great Northern Hotel. Two
men supposed to "be hotel thieves were
seen- to tun from the Palmer House.
During the excitement $500 worth of Jew
elry was stolen from one of the rooms of
the Great Northern.
About the same time a blaze was dis
covered in ., the Sherman House. The
four fires convince" the police that an
organized gang of Incendiaries Is operat
ing in Chicago. Good descriptions have
been secured of the two men who were
seen running from the Palmer House and
a number of detectives are at work on the
case. The four fires, with time of dis
covery and attending incidents, were:
Palmer House— Four fires set simul
taneously In baskets of linen on different
floors. Towels saturated with kerosene
found. Fire extinguished by .guests and
employes. Two suspects seen, but al
lowed to escape. Damage nominal.
Great Northern Hotel— Simultaneous
fires discovered on the H and J floors.
Odor of kerosene on H .floor. J. S. Friest
of New York reported that $500 worth of
MEETS DEATH
IN DEEP SNOW
Daring . Incendiaries Operate During Confusion
Caused by Flames.
THIEVES SET FIRES IN
SEVERAL CHICAGO HOTELS
Sherman House— The blaze was on an
upper .floor and was attended., with little
commotion. Damage I1C0.
The most dangerous tire In" the Palmer
House was on the fifth floor. It was ex
tinguished at personal risk by John Me
"Williams Jr.. a senior at Princeton Lni
versity.
The police agree that all the fires were
incendiary and to-night every important
downtown hostelry was guarded by a de
tail of officers in plain clothes watching
for the men suspected of having started
the fires.- These officers, as well as the
hotel managers, have the theory that -the
blaze was started by some discharged
hotel employe who wished to satisfy his
grudge and was able to do so through his
intimate knowledge of opportunities.
A telephone message was received at
the Palmer House while the second fir©
at' the Great Northern was In progress.
"How is your blaze coming on?" was
asked.^ "The Great Northern is burning
"Who are you?" asked Head Clerk
Grant, but the inquirer laughed and rang
off.
jewelry had been stolen from his room.
Damage of $1500 by lire and small panic
among the guests.
Hotel Grace— Fire of suspicious origin
discovered in linen closet. Damage nom
inal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
: CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 14.— The Senate Committee
on Apportionment came to an agreement
this afternoon on the Congressional rc
apportlonment. The scheme agreed upon
follows in the main the lines of Cutter's
original Congressional apportionment bill.
Butte, however, is placed in the First
District. Alpine Is placed In- the Sixth
District instead of the First, in accord
ance with the agreement to group, it and
Mono and Inyo Into an Assembly District.
The chief contention to-day was over
Mendocino County. Selvage wanted It In
the First, while Davis contended it should,
be put in the Second District, with the
valley counties." Selvage was finally sus
tained by ,*6*e committee. Following are
the districts -according to the committee
agreement:
First District— Del Norte, Humboldt.
Slsklyou, Trinity. Modoc, Shasta, Lassen,
Plumas, Butte, Tehama, Mendocino. Sier-
ra Nevada. Placer. El Burado, Amador,
Ca'laveras; population 200.831,
Second District-Glenn. Colusa, Lake.
Xapa. Sonoma. Marln. Yuba, Sutter. Sac
ramento. Yolo: ppulatlon 163.190. •
Third District— Alameda. Contra Costa,
Solano; population 172,386.
Fourth District— Part of San Francisco;
population 207,000.
Firth District-Part of San Francisco
and San Mateo and Santa Clara; popula-
W S?xth ' District-Monterey. San Benin*
Merced. Marlposa. Tuolumne Alpine.
Mono. Inyo, Madera, Fr>sno. Kings. Tu
lare. San Joaquln. Santa Cruz; popula
tion 197.153. . .". , ,„ „„
Seventh District— Los Angeles. 1 '0.203.
'Eighth Dlstrlct-San Luis Oblspo. Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Kern. San Bernardino.
Orange, Riverside, San Diego; population
167.030. - ¦ • •
Santa Clara gains Its contention to be
left In the Fifth District.
The Sixth will probably be Democratic
under the reapportlonment. the other
seven being safely- Republican.
SENATE COMMITTEE AGREES
ON APPORTIONMENT PLAN
Of the Eight Districts Seven Are Safelg
. Republican and One DemocrQtii?.
INITIAL VICTORY FOR THE GOVERNOR'S PET HEALTH BILL
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUAEY 15, 1901.
2
To Prevent the Grip
Laxative Bromo-Qula) ne removes ' the ¦ cause. . *
~-- - ; \ ,'-¦.¦¦¦.• .- ¦ '¦*....
To 'Cure; a ;Cold in , One Day.
Take Laxative Bromoi. Quinine Tablet*. All
diug-KUts refund the money, if it fails *ca cure
E.W., Grove's signature is on each box. 2ic •
r • ' ADVEBTISEftENTS.
Dependable Dmgs • t
Prescriptions
-We do not charge so much for
prescriptions as other stores, bc-
.cause we do not pay commissions
to the doctors. Furthermore, we
buy our drags in such large quanti-
ties that* we can afford to fill your
prescriptions for a whole lot less
than you arc used to paying. We
fill your prescriptions as they ought |
* to be — just as the doctor orders —
we do not substitute.
Llsterlns 75c
Swift's Specific 75c ;
Ayres' Hair Vigor 75c i
Cuticura Soap 15c \
Pears' Soap 15c 1
Belladonna Plaster 3 for 25c •
Carter's Pills 15c !
Plnkham's Compound 75c .
Palne's Celery Compound 75c
• Plerce's Remedies - 75c
Scott's Emulsion 75c
Mennen's Talcum Powder 15c
Mellin's Food ' ,. , • 55c •
. Swamp Root 40c
Free delivery to railroad points within
100 miles on all orders of $$ and op. •
/ 112ft Market Street
San Francisco -V
lOth and Broadway Oakland
t^ ¦¦-,», 1
DRJEYERSO. jpgflfe
Specialists, Disease ffiSff
and weakness of att£ f
men. ¦ Established zSSL -^jftyrfSffx
1SS1. Consultation \h« 'Z&pP®S'
and private book * vSk 1/ VT
free, at office or by J &&&!
mall. Cures guar- PSfr-^WlrSS*
ket street \elevator J^^i&iSSysS
entrance), San -^SVjnwBTBLThe letter X occurs only; once in 1000
letters In the English language. In
French It occurs five times as often.
Worth. Tex., have accepted positions as
Judges of the Supreme Court of the Phil
ippines.
Henry C. Bates, St. Johnsbury, Vt •
Fletcher Ladd, Lancaster, N. H.; f. f!
Johnston, Ann Arbor, Mich.; L. R. Wifley*
St. I»uis. and A. F. Odlin, San Juan. Por
to Rico, have accepted positions as Judges
of the Court of First Instance of the Phil
ippine Islands. -
It is understood these gentlemen will all
sail for Manila about April 1, 1901.
Ilala Still Missing.
VICTORIA, B. C, Feb. 14.— Although n
big fleet of vessels passed. up the straits
this afternoon, the ship Ilala was not
among them and there is considerable
guessing as to what has become of. her.
She Fignaled Cape Beale on Monday and
should have arrived'the next t.ay, but has
not yet been heard of. She may have been
blown off shore by contrary winds, but
there have now been fair winds • for twp
days, which should have brought her in.
0. A. Willard of Minneapolis and J.
F. Cooper of Fort Worth, to Ba
Supreme Justices.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 14.-C. A. Willard
of Minneanolls and J. F. Cooper of Fort
JUDICIAL, APPOINTMENTS
TO THE PHILIPPINES
WASHINGTON, Feb. 14.— The events in
connection with the sale of the old New
York Custom-house to the National City
Bank occupied the center of the stage
during the debate on the sundry civil ap
propriation bill in the House to-day. Much
excitement attended the debate. McRae
of Arkansas raised tho Issue with a mo
tion to strike out the appropriation for
rent of the Custom-house, and with this
motion as a basis Jones of Virginia
launched a fierce attack upon the manner
and circumstances of the sale and the
vast profits which he claimed the bank
made out of the transaction. Secretary
Gage, was sharply criticized and severe
references were made to the letters writ
ten by Hepburn to Secretary Gage apro
pos of the political claims of the bank.
Hopkins of Illinois turned the tables
on the Democrats by springing upon them
a. series of letters written by prominent
Democrats, including Senator Jones of
Arkansas, to the Secretary of the Treas
ury under the Cleveland administration,
asking the deposit of Government funds
in banks with Democratic proclivities His
center shot was a letter written bv Rcd
resentative Richardson of Tennessee in
behalf of a Tennessee bank.
McRae's amendment was lost on a strict
party vote and another amendment, of
fered by Richardson, to provide that the
rent should not be paid until the title
tp the old Custom-house passed from the
Government to the bank railed on a tie
vote*
Sale of Old New York Cus
tom-House Occasions
Debate.
IS CRITICIZED
BY DEMOCRATS
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 14.— Henry I* Bar
ker, an aged employe of the Remlllard
Brick Company at Greenbrae. committed
suicide at noon to-day by swallowing
poison. He had been despondent for some
time. Deceased was 65 years of age.
Suicide at Greenbrae.
The House Coinage Committee
favorably* reported the bill estab
lishing a mint at Tacoma, ¦ Wash.,
but the bill is not likely to pass
this passion. The House' Committee on
Irrigation favorably reported Newlands'
irrigation *illl. Barham of California and
Tongue of Oregon opposing. The pros
pect for the enactment of this legislation
is not bright on account of pressure of
other important business.
Washington— Original— Finger Frickson,
Riverside. $S. Increase— James Gilfillan,
Blaine. $10.
The bill appropriating $53,000 for a light
and fog signal at Point Dume, Cal.,
passed the House to-day and now goes to
the President.
The Secretary of the Interior has in
formed the California representatives
that supplies for the Indian schools and
other purposes In the Indian service on
the Pacific Coast will be purchased as
heretofore in San Francisco.
Pensions issued to-day: California-
Original — Edmund Bedell, San Francisco,
$11 Increase— Edmund P. Tierney, San
Francisco, ?30. •
Oregon _— Increase — Frederick Emily,
Hurlburt. J-S.
Oregon— Frank G. Jewett. Sumpter.
Washington— Maggie K. Kayser, Block
house. Apppointed: J. R. Hunter, Monk
land, Sherman County, vice N. P. Hansen,
resigned; A. M. Phillips, Hartford, Sno
hemish County, vice James Van Horn, re
moved.
Postmasters Appointed and Commis
sioned — Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 14.— Postoffice dis
continued: February 2S — Oregon— Lurley,
Douglass County, mail to Roseburg.
Postmasters commissioned: California —
Tillie A. Morrison, Clarksville.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
The Senate went into executive session
and at 5:30 o'clock a recess until 8 o'clock
was taken.
The Senate met at 8 o'clock to-night and
at 6:35. on finishing reading of the Dis
trict of Columbia code bill, adjourned.
Caffery of Louisiana and Money of Mis
sissippi took the Massachusetts Senator
sharply to task for his observations relat
ing to the river and harbor bill. Money
Fug-gested to Lodge that if a wholesale
and genuine economy was really- desired
by the majority they could cut off $100,000,
0)0 a year in the army and navy by stop
ping the war in the Philippines.
Teller's amendment finally was with
drawn and an amendment offered by Hale,
ptrlking out the v.-ords "to map the soils
of the United States." and Inserting the
following: "For investigations of the
Foils in the United States and for indicat
ing upon marts or plats by coloring or oth
«rwtse the results of such investigations."
Dolliver, at the conclusion of the read
ins of the bill for committee amendments,
offered an amendment providing for Gov
ernment inspection and certification of
dairy products intended to be exported,
which, after some discussion, went over
until to-morrow.
"We are pushing along," said Lodge, "to
the billion dollar mark in our appropria
tions and we have to draw the line.
"W'e have reached the point now where the
people are becoming alarmed."
Lodge of Massachusetts said any person
¦who would evamine attentively appropria
tions being made by Congress would real
ize readily the dangers in which the Gov
ernment was running. It was an open
secret, be t-aid. that tne river and harbor
bill was in danger of failure, because It
¦was loaded down with appropriations of
neither immediate nor Imperative import
ance. International expositions with Gov
ernmental aid had been an organized in
dustry, as had the Eelllng to the Govern
ment of battlefields.
Hale urged that there was no demand
from the hard-headed farmers of the
country for this scheme. "When we get
to the end of this Congress." continued
he. "and figure i;p the appropriations they
will be found to be larger, yea, very much
larger than have ever, been made before
by an American Congress."
Chandler joined Hale In the warning
against extravagant appropriations. Ba
con of Georgia and Hansborough and ilc-
Cumber of North Dakota supported tho
amendment.
"'Is there to be no stop to the schemes
for depleting the treasury? This will cost
Jl«0,uw.Ou0. it will never step until every
county is mapped."
Proctor. In charge of the bill, eaid that
the amendment called for only $91,iKM.
Pettus of Alabama directed the Senate'*
attention to two word pictures, one of a
proposition to spend $225.uO0 ( 00u for the
t>enetlt of ship owners and chip builders
of the country and the other of a project
to spend less than JlOi'.W for the benefit
of more than half of the population of
the United States.
Consideration of the agricultural appro
priation bill was then resumed, the pend
ing, question being the amendment of
Teller striking out the provision for the
mapping of uie agricultural soils of the
Vnited States. Hale joined in the fight
against the provision.
A resolution was offered by Stewart
and agreed to, calling upon the Attorney
General iox all accounts of the Second
Ju<ycial District of Alaska and tho action
of the department thereon; and a list of
the 'officers of the Second Judicial Dis
trict of Alaska and their compensation.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 14.-The Senate
devoted practically the entire day to the
agricultural appropriation bill. The meas
ure was not completed. Hale of Maine
and Lodge of Massachusetts sounded
rotes of warning against the enormous ap
propriations being made by th© present
Congress. Hale declared the people of
the country soon would become alarmed
and then those who were responsible for
the immediate expenditures would seek
the rocks and mountains to hide from the
wrath of the people. Lodge eaid that the
appropriations were setting near the bil
lion-dollar mark and that it was time to
craw the line.
Says That the Appropriations Are
Fast Approaching the Billion
Dollar Mark and the Pub
lic Is Alarmed.
Urges Congress to Beware of
the Tendency Toward
Extravagance.
HALE SOUNDS
STRONG WARNING
Custom officials were to-day furnished
with Secretary Gage's order placing a
countervailing duty on Russian sugar.
Regular duty on refined sugar is $1 95 per
hundred pounds. With the addition of
the countervailing duty, which order goes
into effect to-day, the duty on Russian
sugar will be $2 64 per hundred pounds,
and will practically prohibit its Importa
tion.
Those well Informed regarding the feel
ing of Russia in regard to the Imposition
of the countervailing duty on Russian su
gar pay that the Government will prob
ably not sanction a judicial determination.
M. de Witte declared in most positive
terms that no bounty or grant was paid
on sugar, and it Is believed he will be
greatly chagrined over the failure of this
Government to accept the statement at its
full value.
This statement was made to-day by
Count Cassini. Russian Embasaador, when
he was questioned relative to the action
of the Treasury Department in imposing
a countervailing duty on Russian sugar.
Count Cassini is certain of the justice of
his Government's position that no bounty
or grant, within the meaning of the Ding
ley law. is paid to sugar producers. He
pointed out to-day the gTeat increase in
trade between the Unites States and Rus
sia in recent years, and he proposes to
continue his efforts to foster it.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W.; WASHINGTON. Feb. 14.-"Russ!a-s
sentiments for the United States are. as
always, of the most cordial •character.
My Government Is constantly endeavor
ing to Improve these relations and noth
ing but the absolute necessity of protect
ing its own interests could cause it to take
any action harmful to the commerce of
this country."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Says His Government Would Do
Nothing Harmful to Trade
With the United States
Unless Forced To.
Count Cassini Speaks of the
Recent Extra Duty Put
on Sugar. -
RUSSIA FRIENDLY
T0 AMERICA
; '¦• The 1 average ' wealth -- per '- inhabitant In
the United States is 11050. ;. % ,
PENNGROVE, Feb. 13.— In the County; Re
corder's office at, Banta Rosa on Tuesday
there was filed a deed whereby < Edward . o.
Echott and William Evart of Pennerove pur
chased from Leo Jehle and - Sophie Jehle of
Hcald«burtr a tract ~ of land on- which almost
tho entire town of Penncrovo Is located/
CARSON, Nev.. Feb. 14.— In the Senate
this afternoon Senate concurrent resolu
tion No: ; 11, known as the lottery bill,
came up for ; final action! The bill has
caused more ' lobbying from both points
than any measure yet presented In' the
Legislature. ..'. Most • of the • afternoon wa3
spent in arguing the matter/which finally
went to I vote with a result of the defeat
of the measure of ten. against to three in
favor. . • Two members were absent. ¦
This is considered a victory for 'the
Newlands faction, as lie and Sharon have
made a fight against the measure. After
the defeat of the bill Senator Livingstone
gave notice of reconsideration. It is con
ceded that if the measure is to stand it
is likely h, that •, Livingstone's motion : ; will
never be taken up. < \ ; ¦¦;.• -"" ¦•//-.
ANTI-LOTTERY MEN
/ ARE VICTORIOUS,
Bill Defeated in the Committee of the
, Nevada Senate by a Large -
/'Majority.
The report of the minority will recom
mend a supplementary. statement of doc
trine without being restricted to specific
and limited points In the confession, but
in entire harmony with the system of doc
trine contained in the creed. •- The com
mittee has adjourned sine die and no fur
ther meetings are anticipated before the
session of the General Assembly next May,
when It probably will be dissolved.
There were thirteen of the sixteen mem
bers present and a majority agreed to "rec
ommend that a- change should be made
by a supplemental explanatory statement
to cover certain points in the' confession
of faith. ' and also to include statements
as to the doctrines of the Holy Spirit, mis*
sions and' the lovo of God for all men.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 14.— The Presbyte
rian committee which has been consider
ing the revision of the Westminster Con
fession of Faith to-day completed Its rec
ommendations to the General Assembly.
The committee has unanimously agreed
that some change in the credal statement
is necessary, but is divided as to the char
acter of this change, and , majority and
minority reports 'will be presented to the
General Assembly.
Presbyterian Committee Has
Completed Report to the
Assembly.
URGES REVISION
OF CONFESSION
THE approaching: Bllver Ju
bilee of Santa Clara Col
lege suggested to Father
Kenna that an effort should
be made to complete the
adornment of the chapel of the In
stitution by filling the chapel win
dows with appropriate designs In
stained glass. The first to respond
was a lady whose iiberallty toward
the church Is well known, but who
declines to have her name men
tioned In connection with her gifts.
She donated a window about, fif
teen feet In height and three and
a half feet In breadth. It consists
of a base and canopy In the Ital
ian style, besides the center piece.
The subject is the apparition of
Our Lady of Lourdes to the peas
ant girl In the grotto. The fig
ure of the Virgin Is beautifully de
signed and the expression of coun
tenance wonderfully sympathetic.
The colors of the robes and acces
sories are literally as described -by
the girl to whom the vision was
vouchsafed. The kneeling figure
of the peasant, clothed In homely
g-arb, is both lifelike and graceful.
The coloring Is in the highest.de
gree harmonious. The execution is
fully equal to European methods.
Father Kenna has given consid
erable attention to the quality of
the work of local artists and de
cided that the window was in ev
ery respect the equal of any pro
duced in Munich or elsewhere on
the Continent. The cost of the
window is about $1000.
MEMORIAL "WINDOW .-' PRE
SENTED BY A LADY TO SAN
TA CLARA COLLEGE.
It Is said that when the participation of
such of these companies has been deter
mined and has been accepted by the re
epective boards of directors, circulars will
be Issued announcing the - terms and in
viting stockholders to exchange their ¦ se
curities. •" The valuations will be close, ac
cording to/(hls report, and the capital of
the new yrompany will be In the neighbor
hood of $800,000,000. The minority of stock
holders of the Carnegie Steel Company,
It is stated, will be given 50 per cent" of
the new preferred stock and 50 per cent
of common. The only important cash item
amounts to between $20,000,000 and $25,000,
000, which, it Is eald, will be paid over to
Andrew Carnegie some time to-day.
NEW YORK. Feb. 14.— The Evening
Post says: According to a trade author
ity, the following list includes all the com
panies approached in connection with the
pending Carnegie-Morgan deal: The Car
negie, Federal and National Steel compa
nies, the American Tinplate, Steel Hoop
and Sheet Steel companies; the American
Bridge Company, the National Tube Com
pany, the American Steel and. Wire Com
pany and the Rockefeller ore and trans
portation interests."-. u~*
PITTSBURG, Feb. "14.— The Pittsburg
Leader to-d,ay says: Each day is bring
ing to light some new feature of the Car
neele-Morgan deal. . It became positively
known to-day that the extent of the pro
posed consolidation, by means of the om
nibus company that is to be formed. Is
greater even than has been talked about.
In addition to tho steel companies it will
combine the vast lake and ore interests
of John D. Rockefeller. The vast ore
properties of the Minnesota Iron Mining
Company and the American Mining Com
pany will be consolidated. It Is practi
cally settled now that the American Steel
and Wire Company will be Included in the
merger in addition to the eight steel com
panies named.
To Be Paid $25,000,000 as
the Result of the Rtcent
. Morgan Deal.
MANY MILLIONS
FOR CARNEGIE
This Is the only way known to us by which
the American people can show practically
their admiration for the grallant struggle of
the South African burghers and for the great
principles for which the burghers fight.
A, number of prominent, residents of the
Kastern States have already signed the protest.
As soon as a sufficient number of signature!!
to It has been obtained we Intend to Insert
the protest as an advertlBement In the leading
lflitlsh newspapers and to leave It standing
»s lonir as our funds permit, with a statement
beneath giving tha. number who have signed
It and. such names from among them as are
likely to be known In, England. .
W'b purpose to administer that shock, so fas
as possible, by crystallizing the pro-Boer sym
rsthy of the majority of Americans and by
taking steps to bringr the rer-ult— In the iorm
of a brief protest— to the notice of the British
people This, in our opinion, will do mdre than
anything else coulii do at this time to ehakw
the blind confidence of many Englishmen In
tho righteousness of their cause.
The British people have been deceived In re
gard to public sentiment here. • They have been
led to believe that they, have the moral sup
port of America In their dealings with the
Boero, and Mr. Chamberlain's claim that some
scrt of an alliance had been entered into by
him with this country— a claim immediately
rejected by the administration here— was made
la order to foster this erroneous belief. The
majority of the English newspapers are so
bitterly • anti-Boer that they do not publish
n«ws that might open the eyes of their readers
on this subject; they know that "the man In
the street." upon whose support Mr. Chamber
lain depends. feel9 that In Europe h» stands
among euemles. and Is, therefore, not only
anxlous to conciliate and to preserve the good
opinion of the Americans, but would be
sbocked to learn that the action of his Gov
ernment had already alienated, and threatens
to alienate still further, much of the friendly
feeling- for Great Britain which at one time
'existed in this country.
With this end in view, It becomes of the ut
most importance to evoke such an expression of
popular feeling In tha United States that th«
people of Great Britain, Ireland and the Brit
ish Colonies will be made to realise at last
that the large majority of Americans look with
extreme disfavor upon tha continued slaughter
and threatened extermination of the citizens of
the South African Republic and Orange Free
State.
Realizing that direct interference In tha
South African strugr&le is not within the
province of the American Government,
this committee is of the opinion that the
people of this country can do what the
Government cannot do. It desires In any
case to remove the impression which pre
vails in England that Americans view
with indifference the , threatened . exter
mination of the citizens of the two South
African republics:, and the means to tht3
end, which the committee of the league
has adopted are certainly novel. The fol
lowing statement has been issued by tha
committee:. \ , >\> *:- :
TVo are convinced that a very larars number
of people In this country, if they only knew
how, would gladly help the Boers in their
struggle for freedom. Heretofore the question
with most of us has been: What con w« do to
help them?
It has been susyesttd to us recently, and we
heartily approve tha suggestion, that we can
best help the Boers by Influencing llrltish pub
lic opinion in favor of Justice and peace in
South Africa. It is evident that so vast ar»
the resources of the British empire In compari
son with those of the South African Republics
that unless tlie history of our own war of in
dependence soon repeats Itself in this case, to
the point at which the majority of the British
people concluded that there was neither gain
nor glory In its continuance, the republics
might, in the course of time, become tempo
rarily exhausted. The sooner, then, that the
British people can be brought ¦ to- the point
which they reached i In their war with us, the
better it will be for them, for South, Africa and
for the whole world.
NEW YORK, Feb. 14.-Under the head-
Ing, ."How Americana Can Help the
Boers," a communication has been sent to
every dally paper In the United States by
the executive committee of the Transvaal
League of the Eastern States. This com
mittee consists of William G. Davies,
Theodore M. Banta. Frederic J. de Peya
ter, H.' H. de Vos, Howard C. HMegas,
Edward Lauterbach. W.' Lorln Andrews,
E. Reeve Merrltt, John V. I* Pruyn and
Killaen Van Rensselaer. It claims to be
pro-Boer without being anti-British,) and
to be divided equally in membership aa
between Republicans and Democrats.
Direct Interference Not Possible, but
Efforts Will Be Made to Make
Britain See the Strife
Should Cease.
Plan to Advertise the True
Condition of the War in
South Africa.
HOW AMERICANS ,
CAN HELP BOERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 19O1.
It Represents Appar
ition of Our Lady of
lourdes to Peasant
BEAUTIFUL
WINDOW FOR
SANTA CLARA
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This success has been secured entirely
upon its merits as a dlgrestive pure and
simple, because there can be no Btomach
trouble If the fcod is promptly digested
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets act entirely
on the food oaten, digesting it completely
ko that it can be assimilated Into blood'
nerve and tissue. They cure dyspepsia
water brash, sour stomach, gas and bloat-
ing after meals, because they furnish the
digestive power which weak stomachs
lack, and unless that lack is supplied it is
useless to attempt to cure by the use of
"tonics." "pills" and cathartics, which
have absolutely no digestive power.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can be found
at all drugstores, and the regular use of
one or two of them after meals will dem-
onstrate their merit better than any other
argument.
This Is the secret. If there Is any se-
cret, of the remarkable success of Stu-
art'* Dyspepsia Tablets, a remedy prac-
tically unknown a few years ago and now
the most widely known of any treatment
for Btomach weakness.
Stuart'* Tablet? <3o not act upon the
boweis like after-dinner pUle and cheaD
cathartlcfi, which simply irritate and in-
f.ame the intestines without having anv
effect whatever in digesting food or cur-
ing indlgf-Ftion.
If the ptomach can be rested and as
Fisted in the work of digestion u will verv
poon recover its normal vigor, as no or-
gan is eo much abused and overworked
as the stomach.
The remedy Is In the form of pleasant
tasting tablets or lozenges, containing
v* RPtable and fruit essences, pure aseptic
pf-jysin (Government test>. golden seal and
diafit.-i?«». Th* tablets are sold by drug-
gists under the name of Stuart's Dyspep-
«a Tablets. Mar.y interesting experi-
ments to t^st the digestive power of Stu-
art's Tablets Fhow that one grain of the
active principle contained in them is suf-
ficient to thoroughly digest 3000 grains of
raw meat, eggs and other wholesome
food.
The remedy is not heralded as a wonder-
ful discovery, nor yet a eecret patent
mMlcine, neither Is it claimed to cure
anything except dyspepsia, indigestion
snd etomach troubles, •with which nine out
of t*mi suffer.
Troubles.
the Treatment of Stomach
A Bemedy Which Has Revolutionized
STRANGER THAN FICTION
Out-of-town orders filled — write us for whatever you want in
clothes, hats or furnishings for men or boys. 1 >
718 Market Street.
Boys' crush and Fedora hats, in brown, black, pearl
- : Boys' sailor caps, all, colors, 45c.
$3.50 and $4.OO
Bovs' two-piece suits in ali-wool Scotch tweeds and
rough- finished cheviots will be^sold this* week and next
at an extremely low price; the assonment of patterns is
very good and extensive; ages 8 to \% years; as school
suits they will prove just the thing, both from an econom-
ical #nd durable standpoint. The suits are worthy and
$6 and are our make; sale prices
Sale of Boys' Suits
tft> Tl jT\ gat
$pl..95
The, pants are all-wool gray and brown mixture
cheviots that have sold for $3 00; sizes contain all up to
44 waist; sale price
And then in addition to the union label is our own label,
"Yeargood, "Which protects you by » making a double guar-
antee. As so large a reduction is very unusual in legitimate
clothing, we suggest that you see the clothes and you will see
that they were actually worth: their former prices. Sale price
Every garment is union made, which means that it is
made by men who know how—men who are the best work-
men in their line in America.
But last week we only offered suits at $7.85 — now ; we
add some oxford gray overcoats to go at the same price -and
some all-wool pants at $1.95'.
The suits, are single and double breasted sacks, cut in the
very latest style and made from good all-wool material, in-dark
and light effects of cheviots and tweeds in grays, olives and
mixtures; they sold formerly at $10, $12.50 and some at $15.
The overcoats are oxford gray cheviots in the stylish
length to the knee, have velvet collars, are well made^and
stylishly cut; former price $12. 50.
We told you last week that we were putting on this sale
merely to liven up business, as February is a dull month in,
all lines of business. .
bints and Uvercoats
on union=made
Reduced Prices
A T> VB^tTTStTyM V.M'I*H-
j Try This:
I "Ko=Nut"
a a Pure Sterilized Cocoanut Fat.
if Never gets rancid. Twice the
i shortening power of lard.
| For Shortening
| and Frying
I Superseding butter, Lard and .
§ Compounds.
I Ask your grocer, or write
India Refining Co.,
Philadelphia.;of San Francisco is' at tha Shoreham.
WASHINGTON, Feb. U.-F. W. Griffith
Suits for divorce were filed' by Harry
Chamberlain against Helen Chamber
lain for intemperance, Robert .Alexander
against Mabel Alexander for cruelty, and
Harry B. Monges against Grace E.Mon
jjes for desertion.
Decrees pf ; divorce Were granted yester
day to Blanche S. Palmer from Slgmund
G. . Palmer for cruelty,": Alexander Long
from Gertrude E. Long for deseryon, and
Sarah : Schwalbe from Paul'Schwalbe for
willful neglect. ¦ .
In the Divorce Court.
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 14.-Results;
Sewn furlongs, gelling— Dousterswlvel won
J. W. Sloan second. Swordsman third. Time,
SIk and a half furlongrs. selling— The Elba
won. Censor second, Dr. derrick third. Time,
One mile and an eighth, selling— Chorus Hoy
won. General MeGrud*r second. Prince Real
third.: Time, 2:06H- ~~"
One mile. ; handicap — cUrangeet won. Empress
of Beauty second, Senator Beverldge third.
Time, 1:b1. . •
Six furlongs-^Joe Martin won, Educate sec
ond. Plead third. Time, 1:21 V». .
* Six furlongs, selline— Orion won, Braw Lad
second, Tristlan Belle third. Time, 1:21.
l NEWi YORK, Feb. 14.— The following 1
Callfornlans are in New York: 'From San
Francisco— H. Mansfield, at Grand Union;
G. C. Chase, at Herald Square; *J. > S.
Dodge, at Navarre; H. Moore, at Union
Square; W. H. Warner, at Park Avenue.
'From Los . Angele»-:Mrs, M.. Smith, at
Imperial; F. N. Sperr, at Continental.
CAIilTORNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
' Ej3di<? Gagtui, aged, 8 years, 'Undertook to
steal a Vide on a meat truck' on' Howard
sti eet yesterday and " I fell ** under the
wheels. Ho was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where it J was ',found that his
thighbone was broken.'; Al L. Hilton, the
driver jof the truck, was arrested by
Police Officer Richmond and booked, at
the" City"* Haft station on the charge of
battery. Witnesses who saw. the accident
stated that the boy- ran after the truck
and tried to get on It between the front
and rear wheels. He fell and th© rear
wheel passed over him.
Boy's Thigh Broken by a Truck.
WASN'T PLAYING LOTTEHY.-Henry Co
hean, one of the white men arrested at a lot
tery place, 703 Pacific street, Kebruary 2, was
acquitted of the charge of visiting a lottery
place by a Jury In Judge Cabaniss' court yes
terday in two minutes. The <W»>nse was that
he was Eight-seeing with friends .and hap
pened to be in the place when it was raided.
REDWOOD CITT. Feb. 14.— The basket
ball team of the Sequoia TJnlon Hlg-li
School will go to San Rafael to-morrow,
where they will meet in a return game the
team of the High Sciiool of that place.
A number of the students of the Hiph
School will accompany. the team from this
place. -. •
Will Play Basket Ball.
The entries for the cross-country run,
which Is to be held on the 22d in Golden
Gate Park, close on Monday. The. runners
will start at the Baker street entrance
of the panhandle, thence through the
north drive, crossing to the south drive
and back again to the finish in the pan
handle.
Relay race (five men in a team). Academic
Athletic League vs. the Olympic Club Juniors.
230 yard championship Copen), 50 yards, club
handicap. 25 yard dash, plunging (time limit 1
minute), springboard diving-, diving for plates
blindfold race, greasy pole contest, obstacle
race.
On the evening of March 15 a swimming
tournament will be held at the club. The
races will be of the following distances:
Second— A. W. Taylor, 40; llulvey. 40; Ham
mersmith, 49; Foy, 40; Ferguson, 40; Cunninjr
ham, scratch; Jerry Johnson, scratch; George
Elrdsall. scratch; Louis Levy, scratch; Bogen.
scratch; Melrose, scratch; Coffroth, scratch;
Mcl-eod. scratch.
First— Ransome, 40; Powers, 40; Green 40*
Bostwick, 40; Krone Jr., ' 40; Clawson' 40 #
ClouRh. 40; Forbes, 40; Cavanagh, 40; Hoffman,'
45; Magee. scratch; Bartlett. scratch; Stafford,
scratch.
The handball committee, which consists
of Messrs. Ramsdell, James and Wand
has handicapped the players in both
classes. as follows:
These are lively times at the Olympic
Club. With boxing-, swimming and hand
ball tournaments the athletic members of
the institution are in a fever of excite
ment and preparation. On Monday night
the devotees of the soft ball will begin a
handball tournament which promises to
be as interesting as the one recently
closed.
Preparing for the Coming
Tournaments.
Swimmers and Handball Experts Are
OLYMPIC CLUB ATHLETES
TRAINING FOR CONTESTS
"I always wanted to visit California."
he said. "I had heard so much about
your winters; but you have to come hera
to really appreciate them. I started at the
Oakland track to-day and I would like to
thank everybody for the splendid recep
tion given me. I hope that the people will
be pleased with my work and I can assure
them that they will get my very best ef
forts. I was surprised at the Oakland
track; I deem it perfect in every detail."
¦m '! ¦:¦¦:¦ i"!-i"i 1 1 i.H-x-'i 1 iii 1 !.¦:¦•:¦#
"Bill" Letcher on the Oakley track in
Cincinnati. With steady attention to hia
calling- and with a worldwide fame as a
square starter he boon round himself
wielding the flag on the great race tracks
of this country. He has started at De
troit, the Hawthorne track, Latonia and
New Orleans. This summer he will alter
nate at Chicago with "Dick" Dwyer. This
is Holtman's llrst visit to California and
Tie can't say enough good things about
his first impressions.
JAMES "JAKE" HOLTMAX. the
newly appointed starter of the Cal
ifornia Jockey Club, arrived in
town yesterday and is a guest at
the Palace. All last .evening he
was busy shaking hands with his many
old Eastern friends, and from the hearty
and cordial greetings he received he evi
dently stands highly with tLe racing fra
ternity.
Holtrcan is a young: man of pleasin?
personality and when he modestly admits
that he has only been in the ra«ng busi
ness a few years his rapid rise is easily
understood on account of his courtly man
ner* and penial disposition.
In speaking- of himself he stated last
evening- that his first year on the turf
was 1231, He was then assistant starter
to Phil Gilman on the Canadian circuit.
Afterward, in the same year, he assisted
SATJSAXITO YACHTSMEN
HOLD ANNUAL MEETING
With Two Exceptions Hegnlar Ticket
Is Elected by an Almost
Unanimous Vote.
The annual meeting and election of offi
cers of the San Francisco Yacht Club was
held last night at the -Merchants'. Ex
change, Commodore W. N. McCarthy oc
cupying the chair. The following were
elected to serve for the coming- year:
TV. IC. McCarthy, commodore: R. S. Bridre
rr.an, vice commodore; James Kitterman, port
captain: W. M. Edgell, secretary: Dr. F. L.
riatt. financial secretary; R. M. Welch, treas
urer; H. G. Toll, measurer.
James Kitterman was elected port cap
tain by a. large majority over George D.
Campbell and W. M. Edgell received an
almost unanimous vote for secretary over
E. C. Bartlett. R. li. Hogue stated that
he had been nominated for the office of
treasurer -without his consent, and Har
old Burnett -withdrew from the contest for
the office of treasurer.
The reports of the commodore, treas
urer, financial secretary and secretary for
the last year were read and received. The
commodore urged that a depipn should be
procured from an Eastern designer for a
yacht to compete for the Perpetual Chal
lenge Cup, and that the yacht be built
by Fubscription among the members of
the club. The sense of the members pres
ent proved to be strongly agrainst levying
an assessment to reduce the indebtedness
of the club. letters were read from the
secretaries of the Corinthian and Cali
fornia Yacht clubs, asking- the co-opera
tion of the San Francisco Yacht Club to
have Assembly bill 123 amended so far as
It requires that numbers be placed on the
prows of yachts. It was stated that the
framer of the bill has consented to modify
It so that its provisions will not apply to
boats used purely for pleasure.
After the meeting the members were en
tertained by the officers at a downtown
cafe.
Favor Racetrack Gambling.
Tho Supervisors* Police Committee re
ported yesterday In favor of the passage
of the ordinance legalizing poflselling
•within trark inclosures where horse rac
ing is carried on for a period not to ex
ceed thirty-six days in any one year.
Tobln and Stafford, two members of the
committee, apreed to recommend the pas-
Fape of the bill. Supervisor Heed, the third
member, being: absent. There was no dls
oussion over the merits of the bill, no
one appearing before the committee for
or against it. The ordinance will come
before the board next Monday.
WELL-KNOWN STARTER WHO ARRIVED FROM THE EAST YESTER
DAY TO OFFICIATE AT THE OAKLAND TRACK UNDER ENGAGE- [
SIEXT BY THE CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Tanforan Selections. ;
First Race— Catastrophe, falvado. V*in.
Second Race—J. V. Kirby, Sol. Snooze.
Third Race — Dangerfleld, Nellie Forest.
Fondo. •*¦¦.?-
Fourth Race—Alas, Santa Lucia. Novia.
Fifth Race—Josephine 'B, Walkenshaw, Ar
tllla.
Sixth Race— Parmenlon, Phoenlssa, Whale
back, -¦ ¦' *
Sixth Race— Six furlong*; fqur-year-olds and
up; selling:
1560 Sweet Voice.... 104 1731 Whaleback ....109
1688 Honduran ...:., 106 1823 Morella .........104
1776 Phoenissa 104 1791 Parmenlon 106
1740 Lou Cllevedon. 104 1810 Llzella ./ 107
1798 Talma 109
' Fifth Race — One mile; four-year-olds and up;
purse: \
(1803)Artilla 109 (1790)Free Lance ...119
1813 Osmond 116 1781 Walkenshaw ..119
(1722)Josephine B ...117 (1767)Prestome Ill
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling:
1570 Aluminum* 109 1706 Wallensteln ...106
1S10 Jennie Reid ...107 1643 Ulloa 107
1547 Alaa 104 (1770)Burdock 106
1804 Santa Lucia ..107 1826 Novia 107
(1822)Gcnua 107 18X6 Matt Hogan ..106
Third Race— Five and a half furlongs; three
yoar-olds; purse:
1S15 Fondo 102 1814 Commuter 105
1778 Birdie Stone ...107 17S1 Nellie Forest, ..10T
1814 I>angerfleld 112 1800 Rio de Altar... 109
1774 Merlda 100 1748 Cougar 113
1814 l'lrata ..........105 1814 Courtier ........103
Second Race — Three furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling:
1787 Rosin ...: 106 1739 Ogle 106
18U Sot 103 1703 Earl W 104
1644 Lapldus 108 Lincoln Greene.106
1775 Constable 103 1775 J. V. Klrby...lO9
1787 Muslque 103' 1739 Snooze ; 105
Tanforan Entries.
First Race—Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and up; selling: '
1798 Greatland ......110, 1798 Royal Prize ..107
1491 OHnthus 1041 1810 Salvado 119
1822 March Seven.. .103; ....Vain 104
1799 Beautiful Bill..107 j 1799 Formatus ......104
1798 Racfitto ........104: 1791 Lamachus 107
1119 Catastrophe ...10T) . ¦. .
1827. SIXTH RACE— One' and a quarter
miles; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. tf- Str. Fin.
•1784 Greenock, 4, 109... Burns 1 1 h 11 1 n •
1789 Gonfalon. 4, 105... Henry 2.23 2 h 21
1387 S. Chamber. 4. 109. 0" Con 4 3 10 3 10 3 13
1815 Locochee. 5. 104 See 5 5 4 S 4 25
1790 Bandldos. a, 112.. Shields 3 4 4 6 5
Time-U. • :26*4 1 ¦ H, :53H: ¦¦ %. 1:19; m. 1:44*4;
Uim, 2:1OV4. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner, J. F, Schorr's br. h. by
Bramble-Lillian Lindsay. Greenock best.
Track did not suit Gonfalon. Star Chamber
Improving; will do better next time; needed
this race. Scratched— Artllla 104.
Bcttipg— Greenock, 2; Gonfalon, 7-5; Star
Chamber, 13-6; Locochee, 60; Rey del Bandi
dos, 16.
ISiSO. FIFTH" RACE— Five and a half fur
longs; eelllng; four-year-olds and up; purse,
$350.
Index, Horse. 'Wt, Jockey. St tf- Str. Fin.
1772 Enpirando, 6, 107.0'Con'r 3 3 3 2 h 1 >*
17%6 Bdlnborgh, 4. 110.. Burns 2 2 2 1 14 2 >,
1S03 H. And'rsn. 4. lOi.Henry 4 6 4 4 H 3 U
1619 Matt Hogan. 4, 107.. See 6 5 % 3 1 4 3
1773 Alee. 4, 110.. .Buchanan 7 4h 5 1 5 6
1786 Novia. 6, 105 Phelan 5 7 6 7« 6 1
1742 Kitty Kelly, 4. 105.. Enos 1 1 h 6 1 7 6
155S GIocoso, 4, 107..,. Woods 8 8 8 8
Time— 3-16. :18; 7-16, :4l%: 5%f. ;l:08H. Fair
start. Won first three driving. Winner, I.
Morehouse's blk. g. by imp. Brutus-Ardente.
Matt Hogan got away flat-footed or he might
have won. He ran a swell race. Esplrando
finished very gamely. So did Anderson.
Scratched — St. Anthony 107.
Betting— Esplrando, 3; Edinborough, 11-5;
Brownie Anderson, 5; Matt Hogan, 20; Alee,
3; Novia, 20; Kitty Kelly, 15; Giocoso, 100.
1825. FOURTH RACE— One mile; handicap;
tbree-year-olds and up; purse, 8535.
Ihdex, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. ' Fin.
1789 Silurian, 3, 85 Walsh 3 4H 2 3 »1 n
1789 A. Guard, 4, 122.0'Con'r 2 6 h 3 H * n
1769 Telamon. 3. 105... Henry 1 2 H 1 n 3 10
17&9 Pupil. 4, 103.. Buchanan 7 3 h • 6 1 4 1
1709 MaoGylo, 4, 85 Meada 6 5 3 4 1 5 H
.1707 Asian, 4, 93 J. Daly S X »4 « 1 6 2
1730 Castake, 6, 105.. T. Burns 4 7 7 7
Tlme-U. :26Vl: %, :50H: «4. 1:16%; mile,
1:421,. Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner. P. Dunne's br. g. by Belvidere-Vlrgie
l>. Advance Guard finished strong. Silurian
Interfered and fouled Telamon and Advance
Guard and was disqualified. Henry rode a
poor race on Telamon. Scratched— Tuthlll 113,
I-nvator V"'. Gonfalon 109. •Disqualified for
fouling and placed last. - ' •
Betting — Silurian, 15; Advance Guard, 7-5;
Telamon, 13-5; Pupil, 10; MacGyle, 20; Asian,
20; Castake, 10.
1824. THIRD RACE-^Beven furlongs; mares
and geldings; four-year-olds and up; , purse,
Index. Hors«, Wt, Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
1756 Montanic. 4, 106... Burns 2 15 14 18
1726 Prejudice. 4. 106..O'Con'r 3 2 3 2 2 2 4
1744 The Pride, 5, 107.Buch'n 1 -8 H 8 » 8 2
1628 Lavator, 6, 107 See < 6 3 6 8 4 4
(1725)Phoenlcian, 6, 107.Henry 5 4 2 { V. 6 1
1676 F. of Gold, 4, 102.Dgmn 7 7 7 6 6
1798 Dunboy. a, 107 Enos 4 3 2 4 1 7
Time— H. :18; Vi. :*5: H. :43%; %. 1:28V4.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, C. R, Ellison's b. g. by-
Montana- Walnut. Montanic made his field
dlsuy chasing him. The Pride badly cut oft
on first turn. Prejudice ran his race.
Betting— Montanic, 5-2; Prejudice. 8; The
Pride, ,7-10; Lavator, 60; The Phoenician, 16-;
Flush of Gold, SO; Dunboy, 300.
1823. SECOND RACE— One mile; selling;
four- year-olds and up; purse. $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St, H. Str, Fin.
1802 Handtcap'r, 4, HS.Burna 3 2 3 11 14
1786 Donator, 6, 107.... Henry 2 3' ' 22 2 3
1751 Mocorlto, 6, 105.Buch'an 1 t h 8 3
Tlme-Hir :28V4: %. =51%: X/l:mi; mile, 1:44.
Winner, W. Shields' b. g. by Btrathmore-Zuh
lan. Good start. Won ridden out. Second and
third driving. Handicapper best, but Donator
had him straight a furlong from home. Six
furlongs la far enough for Mocorito. Scratched
—Goal Runner 107, Lady Meddlesome 105. Vo
hlcer 105.
Bfttting— Handicapper, 3-8; Donator, 9-5; Mo
corito, 9.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
TANFORAK PABX-Thursday, Feb. 14,
1900.— Weather fine. Track good.
1S23. FIRST RACE-FIVE and a half fur
i<n? S ' Bell - ng: ' tour-yetLt-oUa and up; purse,
JjViffA Horse L wt . Jockey. St. %. Str. • Fin.
(l-SS)Qenua. 5. 105 Enos 4 2 2 lh 1%
(1799)Antagono, 4. 105,.Buch'n 3 4 4 4 6 2 4
«ff .Yantlne. 4, 105.. ..Burns 3 1 h 3 13 3
(17SS)Al's Garter. 4, 105.Henry |.|'»'iu 43
,|<?1 Mareh 7. 4 " 105..Tullett 7 7 3 7 1 5 3
"810) Vassal, a, 107.. O'Connor 16 1 6 H 6 2 •
17»S C Harrison. 5. 107.Burgrm 5 5 2 6 V4 7 1
(1776) Morel la, 4, 105., See 8 8 8 1
, Time-1-16, :06V4; 3-16. UStf; 7-16." :42U; 5^f.
1:09. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and
third driving. Winner, E. Partisan's b. m. by
Balgowan-Parolee." Genua the best and race
will do her good. ' Burns put up a sleepy finish
on Vantine. Antagone got off flat-footed and
was outrun first part, but closed strong. Gar
ter dogged It. Scratched— Talma 110.
Betting— Genua. 7-2; Antagone. 8-2; Vantine.
11-5; Alary's Garter, 4; -March Seven, 60; Vas
sal, 10; C. II. Harrison Jr.. 30; Morella, 30.
Oakland Selections.
First race^ —Magnus, Sam Howard, Dr. Marka.
Second race —Vassalo, Zlrl,* Pepper Bauce.
Third- race—Sunello, St. Rica; George Dewey.
Fourth race—Gibraltar, Lennep,. Scallawag.
Fifth race—Horton, Scotch 'Plajd, Grand
Sachem. \ • ¦. , .
Sixth race—Nullah, -Alleviate, Merry Boy.
Sixth race— Six furlongs, four-year-olds and
upward; spiling.
1624 Gold Baron.... 119 1793 Norford ....... 114
1416 Emile Zola.. ..114 1S05 Nullah 100
1776 Foul Play 109 1354 Swiftwater .,.109
1548 Merry Boy .114 1805 Alleviate 117
1630 Juva 112 1*31 Moringa 114
1734 Melkarth 114
Fifth race — One mile and seventy yards, four
year-olds and upward; selling.
1809 The. Monk 101 1 1784 Scotch Plaid.. .107
1705 J. McCleevey.. 106 (1809) Horton HO
1S19 Grand SachemlO3|
Fourth race— Six furlongs, three-year-olds
and upward; purse.
1645 Gibraltar 122 1793 El Toplo 107
1820 Lennep 117 1607 Haviland 116
1816 Scallawag ....104
Third race — One mile and an eighth, three
year-olds and upward: selllngr.
1S08 St. Rica....... 86 1792 Geo. Dewey... 86
l?03 Don Lulg 106 1817 Rio Shannon.. 104
1796 Jolly Briton.. .101 (1829) P. Archibald.. 89
1S21 Socialist 106 (1831) Sunello 101
1708 Sprung 101
1633. SIXTH RACE—Five and a half fur
longs; telling; four-year-olds and up;, purse,
1150. •
Index, Honse. Wt, Jockey. St. #. Str. Fin.
1793 Clarando. 5. 106....Devin 14 2 1112
.... Hagerdon. 4, 104.Mounce 3 5 4 6 4 2 2
(1663)S. Caporal, 6. 102.1.»omnk 5 3 1 3 1 3 4
1054 Peace. 5. 106 Ross 4 11 2 1 4 2
1600 Amasa, 6, 103... Frawley 2 2h 4 >$ 5H
ir.i'2 Ralston, a, 109..Bullman 6 6 6 6
Time—3-16. :19; 7-16. :44%; 5%f. 1:13. Good
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, T>. F. Cox'b b. m. by Clarendon-Vol
tando. Clarando show'ed improvement. Hager
don is a fair one. Peace likes a fast track.
Too sticky for Amasa, Ralston ran badly.
Scratched—Foul Play 102, Satan 104. Little Sis
ter 106, San Augustine 103, Alice Dougherty
101. McAlbert 108.
Betting 1 —Clarando, 15; Hagerdon, 13-5; Sweet
Caporal, S; Peace, 16-5; Amasa, 7; Ralston, 6.
Oakland Entries. ,
First race—One mile, four-year-olds and up
ward; selling.
lf«6 Magnus 103 1 1523 Twk. Twink...lO7
1S19 Sam Howard..117 1660 Senator Matt8.109
U&6 Kastalne 115] 1767 Dr. Marks 109
Second race—Three arui a half furlongs, two
year-olds; Belling.
1806 B. C. Green...118 .... Estado ...:.. ..104
1806 Zirl 107 1S18 Lento 103
1818 King Herald...101 1818 Fred Atterb'y. 98
1M>6 Winnabell 99 San Luitian...l0l
1818 Miss Brentw'd 94 1794 Vassalo «4
1818 Pr^stonlan 108 1743 Flattered 93
1S18 Prestene 94 ISIS Pepper Sauce.. 99
1818 Monastic 98 ,
1S32. FIFTH RACE-Slx furlongs; three
year-oldB and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt.'^oclUiyt'sfet. %- Etr. Fin.
O76S)Sad Sam, 3, M.Dominick 2 16 15 18
1763 Duckoy. 4, . 106... llansch 4 3 3 2 6 2 8
1795 The Light. 5, 112.Bullmn 12 1 3 4 3 2
1193 McWhtrter. 4, 109. ..Ross 3 4 6 4 2 4 H
1734 Mont'lade. a, 109.Mounc« 5 5 S 6 .
Time— U. :23^: %, :5014; %. 1:1S«4> Good
Blart. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, Fred Cook's ch. g. by Rancocae-
Heeley. Sad Sam outclassed his field. The
Light better on a fast track. Montallade is
no "mudder." Scratched — Essence 106, Invlc
tus 94.
Bettingr— Sad Sam, 7-10; Duckoy, 7: The
Light, 5-2; L. B. McWhirter, 30; Montal
lede. 10; . .
1S31. FOURTH RACE-Mlle and seventy
yards; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse,
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. »4. Str. Fin.
1773 Sunello. 4, 95 Materne 2 16 16 16
1676 Lena, a, 105 Devin 1 3 »4 8 4 2 3
1191 My Gypsy, 4,< 9S.. Ransch 6 2 3 2 1 3 4
1805 Moringa, 6, lOO.Waln'wrt 4 4 6 - 4 12 4 20
1CC6 William F, 4, 95.L. Daly 5 6 6 2 6 2
17CS St. Wood. 5, 103..Domnk 3 5 2 6 6
Time— 70 yards. :07; %, :23'4; 44, A*VA: *i.
1:20; mile, 1:49; lm 70yds, 1:&3%. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, M. Storn's b. g. by Morello-Sunllt Su
nello made a runaway race of it. My Gypsy
a bit short. St. Wood a morning glory.
Betting — Sunello, 12; Lena, 7-10; My Gypsy,
5-2, Moringa, 50; William F, 100; St. Wood, 10.
1S3O. THIRD RACE— Four furlongs ; two
year-olds; purse, |400.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey, St. %. Str. Fin.
<1794)Corrigan, 118. ...Bullman 1 1!{ 1! 15
1721 Tyranus, 102 Stuart 4 24 2! 2 3
1S06 Botany. 105 Ross 3 3 2 4 4 3 5
17&4 Barklyite, 102 Mounce 2 6 2 5 1 4 1
(!M>6)KlUdoe. 115 Ransch 5 4 2 3 3 5 10
1602 Parizade, 102.... k Frawley 6 6 6 6
Time— U. -Wz: Vi, :52U- Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner,
Felix Carr's br. c. - by imp. Sain-Ada Reese.
CcrriBun is both game and fast. Tyranus im
proving. Killdoe Tan poorly In the going,
Scratched— Montoya 102. ' .
Bettlng-Corrlgan, 3-4; Tyranus 10; Botany,
12; Barklyite, 4; Killdoe, 16-5; Parlzade,
coupled with Botany. ¦
1.S20. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; Belling;
tlire«-year-ol(3s; purse, $350.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
1779 P. Archibald, 112.Frawly 3 1 n 2 4.11
IS08 Homage, 107 Ransch 5 2 1 1^25
1763 Compass, 111. ...Bullman 2 5^34 38
1792 Cambaceres. 114..Fallehy 7 7^53 42
1743 Oscar Tolle. 112..Alex'dr 4 3 1 4 1 5 2
1638 Follow Me, 109...... Ross 8 4n 6 2 6 5
1804 Illusion, 107 Devin 6 6 2 7 7 4
lsOS Lief Prince. 112..Mounce 1 8 8 8
Time— >4, :26Vi; H. :52; %, 1:20. Good start.
Won first three- driving. Winner, B. Cava
naugh Jr.'s b. c. by imp. Artillery-Flossie.
Archibald is a big, husky fellow and liked the
going. Homage tired. Compass best on a fast
track. Lief Prince has bad underpinning.
Scratched— Spindle 1C3, Bavassa 107, St. Rica
115, Companion 107, Rathgar 109.
Betting— Phil Archibald, 9: Homage, .7-2;
Compass 7-6: Cambaceres, 30; Oacar Tolle,
11-2; Follow Me, 100; Illusion, 40; Lief Prince,
10.
Index, Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Pin.
li>05 Ostler Joe, a, HO.Bullmn 4 2 tt 2 1 11
1S17 J. Rlpley, a, HO.Brodlen 18 4 3 5 2 1
1706 Almoner. 5. 107..Mounce 3 13 In 3 10
1779 Barney F, 4. 107.. Stuart 2 4 2 4 3 4 1
1837 R'Ktnastr, a, 112.Frawley 6 5 4 5 6 5 10
1816 Litmus, 3, 97, Ransch 8 7 4 7 6 *4
1S09 Mitten, 4, 108 Ross 5 8 8 7 4
1805 K. Gibbons. 5, 110.. Dam 7 6 4 6 8
Time— U. :26H: Vt. :52y t ; »;, 1:20; mile, 1:47%.
Perfect start. Won all out Second and third
driving. Winner. W. D. Randall's blk. h. by
Fresno-Sister to Jim Douglass. Joe Ripley
could have won with a stronger ride. Too
far for Almoner. Ringmaster no account at
present. Xlt'mus sulked. '
Bettingr— Ostler Joe, 3-2; Joe Rlpley, 9-2; Al
moner, 5; -Barney F. 15; Ringmaster, 20; Lit
mus, 15; Mitten, 25; Katie Gibbons, 12.
OAKLAND RACETRACK-Thursday,
Feb. 14, 1900.— Weather fine. Track
heavy.
1S28. FI^ST RACE — One mile; jelling;
three-year-olds and up; purse, {350.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
TOMMY BURNS' superb riding, the
disqualifying. of Silurian, a 15 to 1
winner In the mile handicap for
three-year-olds and • up; and
'Greenock's victory, over Gonfalon
¦were the features of the racing yesterday
at Tanforan Park. A fair-sized crowd
jostled In the ring and enjoyed what wa$
generally pronounced a day's good sport.
When Silurian, with 'J'_ "Walsh up, beat
out such good company as Advance
Guard and Telamon, a shout of dis
gruntled disappointment roso from the
players of first and second choices. The
few Silurian ticket-hplders made a rush
to cash in. But something happened at
the turn into the stretch that put Silurian
back a few million years as far as the
cashing of the Si tickets was con.
cerned. "Walah committed what was a
palpable though unintentional foul. His
horse swerved against Telamon, cutting
ofC both Telamon and Advance Guard.
Walsh. O'Connor and r > Henry were called
into the stand after the race and all
agreed, Walsh declaring that he could not
prevent the misdeed. It lay with the
judges then to do as they willed with
Silurian, so they placed the colt last.
O'Connor on Advance Guard made a wait
ing race, fighting It out neck and neck
at the finish with Telamon. Tha order
under the wire was Silurian, Advance
Guard and Telamon, all three being
driven and hard pressed. Pupil came In
for the show when the disqualification
was announced. . •
Of all Tommy Burns' clever work yes
terday, that in the last race was the most
brilliant, and the race itself was tha most
exciting of the day. The route was one
and a quarter miles for four-year-olds
and was conceded to lie between Oreenock
and Gonfalon. At the stretch Gonfalon,
with Henry up. was In the lead by a
lei:£th. Then began a struggle of speed
and courage a,nd strength. Whipping and
lashing, Henry worked Gonfalon hard,
but Greenock closed in every second. It
was hard telling just how the finish would,
be, for the. distance grew shorter and
shorter. Almost within reach of the wire
Greenock passed in ahead of Gpnfalon,
winning by. a neck. . v
The second race was a triangular ¦ af
fair, Goal Runner, Lady Meddlesome and
Vohicer being scratched. Tommy Burns
on Handicapper ran away from Donator
and Mocorlto in the stretch. ' Donator
got the place.
Montanic led a procession in a field of
eight In the third 'race, a seven-furlong
event. His light was too far In advance
for the others to follow by its flashy di
rection and they trailed out like Chinese
Prejudice got the place. The Pride, a 7
to 10 favorite, the show.
The fifth race lay between Esplrando
and Edinborough, the first and second
choices. Espirando took the front rank
at the stretch and was first under the
wire.
Four additional books cut In at Tan
foran yesterday, P. E. Rellly. the Rock
City Club. Fred Cook and H. Hoffman
operating them. This makes fifteen reg
ular. - besides the two field books The
pencilers received some nasty.thrusts ana
aro beginning to. look for a day when
horses do not run to form.
By Louis Honig.
AT TANFORAN PARK.
Track Notes;
Arthur McKnight. the 'assistant of
Starter Holtman, will arrive to-day.
Bullman landed two of the winners at
Oakland.
The jockeys now riding., at the two
tracks will present Starter Caldwell with
an elegant gold-headed cano to-day.
ception accorded him at Oakland
track yesterday. His magnificent work,
never surpassed in this part of the coun
try, was a revelation, and when he
dropped the bunting to a perfect start In
the opening event he received a tremen
dous ovation, the applause continuing for
some minutes. Exacting but just with the
riders, he informed them before the rac
ing began that if they complied with his
requests and lined up at the barrier there
would be no necessity for fines. During
the afternoon" in the different events the
riders lined th«Jr mounts up and without
perceptible delay six beautiful start* were
accomplished.
Last night at the resorts frequented by
horsemen Holtman's sensational starting
was the all-absorbing topic of conversa
tion.
The attendance at the track across the
bay :s daily increasing, and betting in the
ring continues to improve. Nine books
laid prices yesterday in the ring, besides
two field books, an Increase of one over
the last cut in. The track was heavy and
slow, long shots dividing the card with
first choices. Phil Archibald, 9 to 1; Su
nello. a 12 to 1 shot, and Clarando at 15
to 1 furnished the surprises.
A mile selling run, for v /itch Ostler Joe
with John' Bullman up. ciosed favorite,
opened proceedings. Bujlman in his anx
iety to get away earned a $23 fine, after
which he settled down. Finally catching
the favorite and Joe Rlpley straight, the
barrier was released and for forty yards
,the eight starters ran almost head and
head before Almoner went to the front.
The latter led until well Into the stretch,
when he was passed by both Ostler Joe
and Ripley. Bullman outrode little Bro
dien and the favorite won by a length.
In a previous race Compass had demon
strated that a heavy track was not to
his liking. Nevertheless the filly was made
favorite for the second event, finishing an
indifferent third. - Homage looked a win
ner into the stretch, but tired and was
led out by Phil Archibald, excellently rid
den by Frawley.
Felix Carr started Corrlgan again in the
four furlong dash for two-year-olds, and
the black colt lost his company. A 4 to 5
chance, he waa never headed, downing
Tyranus by five open lengths. Botany
ran Into phow. x
"Lena was backed to win the mile and
seventy yard selling affair at short odds,
as if the result had already been an
nounced. To the chagrin of her backers,
Sunello. ridden by Materne, slipped away
In the lead and, simply making an exer
cise gallop of It. reached the wire six
lengths before the favorite. llansch
astride My Gypsy finished third.
Even money looked a long price against
Sad Sam. favorite for the fifth; a six fur
longs sprint. Such it proved, for Fred
Cook's gelding spreadeapled his field. The
Light seemed all at sea in the going, los
ing the place *.o Duckoy.
Six fast ones went to the post In the
closing number, a five and a half furlong
spin. 'While There ¦was no pronounced
choice In the belting, Hagerdon command
ed a slight call over Sweet Caporal. Peace,
backed from 0 down to 4, came In fcr con
sistent support. The latter mare started
off with good intentions, but quit when
the llnlah came. Devin rushed the out
sider, Clarando, to the front in the
stretch, scoring almost easily down at
the wire from Hagerdon. . .
COMING to California almost a per
fect stranger. Starter Jake. Holt
man' must have thought he had
fallen among- friends, from the re-
By F. KMulholland.
Silurian, a 15 to 1 Shot, Is Disqualified at Tanforan— Tommy Burns!
Pilots Three of the Winners.
AT OAKLAND TRACK
INJUNCTION AGAINST
FIGHTERS PERMANENT
Ruling by the Court Causes Indefinite Post
ponement of the Contest.
not come off. It la reported that the ques
tion of the $500 forfeit was under consider
ation this afternoon and that this was
the principal cause of the adjournment
until to-morrow afternoon without deflnita
The cases against Jeffries and Ruhlln,
charged with training for a prize-fight,
were to have been heard this afternoon.
Prosecuting Attorney Hoffmeyer says ho
will drop them if the defendants abide by
the injunction .without appeal.
Lack of definite Information from the
promoters to-night Is believed to be due
to some controversy over the forfeit and
not to any question regarding the injunc
tion. The promoters announced that they
would abide by the decree of the court
absolutely.
Mayor Flelschmann. who granted a per
mit for the contest, was in communication
with the Governor during the afternoon
and afterward he stated to the presa that
h© would offer the whole police force of
Cincinnati to the Sheriff as the officer of
the court If there was any attempt what
ever to disregard ' the injunction. "Tha
action of the court." he said, "practleal'.y
revoke* my license for a boxlngr contea:.
Tha law will be obeyed and there will b«
no need for troops here."
To-night there is much disappointment
among a large number of citizens, notably
among them the turners and the German
sfnjring societies, which took great inter
est in the old Saengerfest organization
and Us unfortunate financial experience.
The decree of the court permanently re
strains the managers of the contestants
and the Saengerfest Athletic Association
and all connected with the proj>osed event
from participating at Saengerfest Hall on
any date.
Attorneys for the defendants srave no
tice of appeal and took exceptions to the
law and facts in the finding of the court.
If the case is carried to the court of last
resort it is expected that counsel on both
sides will agree upon a mere entry In the-
Circuit Court ana proceed thence to the
Supreme Court next Tuesday. Since tha
issue has been raised on an allesred dis
tinction between prize-flg-hts and'berxinff
contests, interested parties on both sides
seem now to want a decision In the court
of last resort in Ohio for a precedent in
the future, even if the present event Is in
definitely postponed or declared off. aa
seems most probable.
In reviewing the testimony. Judge HoN
lister praised that of Manager Brady, in
which he testified that the contestants
would do their best to win and that any
other kind of a meeting between Jeffries
and Ruhlin would be a faks on the pub
lic. He severely reviewed the testimony
of Manager Madden, who held that there
had oeen no prize-fights since the day oC
Sullivan and that . the proposed contest
here was to be on© on points rather than
on merit.
The court cited cases at great length. In
deciding the following points:
First— That the propoied contest vu to b»
a priz*-fl«ht in fact, and as such is prohibited
under the Ohio statutes, and that the conten
tions of the defendant! that they proposed to
give a boxing contest had not been maintained.
Second — That the proposed fight would con
stitute a public nuisance such as court* of
equity are bound to restrain.
Third— That as a court of equity he had th»
power to «njoln the fluht. although there was
legal remedy after Its occurrence.
Fourth— That in view of all the circum
stances he was bouni to grant a permanent
Injunction aealnst such a puhlic nuisance as
was contemplated la tn« proposed fight
T. Breneman. Martlnea. Cal.: Arthur R
Crises. San Francisco: David Bush. San Fran
cisco; Geonre \V. Calderwood, Oakland; liaao
*v. Lnapman, San Francisco; W« B Corwtn
ban Francisco; Kev. W. C. Evans. Stockton;
Calvtn Eaterly. San Francisco; Stephen T
£a«re. San Francisco; Joaeph C. Hall. Sara
Francisco; Robert R Harlan. Big Oak Flat;
• S' -"""neTs. San Francisco; Ralph S. Hunt
ttp^"^^ Y- Jon "»- Oakland;
KEEL?.' t 1 " 0^ S w an Fran *'»c°: W. F. Kolly
Cfcdiland: L. It. Lucas. s*n FrudKo: J. a
Mattoon. San Francisco: Frederick W. Prince
San Francisco: Judge Stanley A. Smith. Down!
levllle; Theodora SUiner. San Francisco: Ben
jamin F. Stnll, Sacramento; J. C. Stubbs San
Francisco; G. TV. Terrlll. San Francisco; R. B
Treat. S«n Francisco; W. H. Tredway Lodl-
Irvin* Walt. Tuck*r, San Francisco; "w c"
\an Fleet. San Francisco; George A. Wtleyl
Martlnei; Jowph S. Wllklns. gan Francisco
Mrs. Mary Emmett, San Francisco; W o
Gardiner, San Francisco; Mrs. Margaret li"
Hall. San Francisco; Mrs. Frank Pierce. Saa
Francisco.
f^? INCINNATT, Feb. 14.-There will
fl be no contest between Jeffries and
UL_j> Ruhlln or any one else In Saenger-
fest Hall In this city to-morrow
and no other date has been fixed
for the event Neither will there be any
mobilization of troops outside of the hall
or anywhere else to-morrow night or any
other time in thjs city to keep Jeffries and
Ruhlin from meetihjr there. A perma
nent Injunction issued by Judge Holllster
to-day against the proposed championship
contest to-morrow night or at any other
time has caused the indefinite postpone
ment of the arrangements of the State
and county officials as well as the pro
moters of the contest.
Those who have been opposing the fight
are very Jublfant and the promoters are
correspondingly depressed over the devel
opments of to-day. Some of the vlsltlns;
sporting editors left to-night while other.-*
enjoyed a social session with the fight
managers. Jeffries and Ruhlin still main
tain their quarters, but they are not doln*
much training: and both expect to leave
for their respective theatrical engage
ments next Saturday night.
When the joint confeience of fight man
agers and Saengerfest Hall directors ad
journed to-night it was announced that
another meeting would be held to-morrow
to determine whether the case would be
appealed and whether the contest would
be postponed to any set date.
There was very little sale of tickets to
day, although the Sacngerfest people an
nounced that all money received for tick
ets would be refunded if the fight doe*
BRUISING BOUTS ARE
FOUGHT BY AMATEURS
Past Fights Were the Rule at the
San Francisco Athletic Club
Last Night, f *,£
There -was fighting with a vengeance
at the San Francisco Athletic Club last
evening. Seven bouts were presented and
but two went the limit. Knock-outs and
gore were plentiful and the hardened ring
goers went away in a satisfied frame of
mind.
Jack Cordell and Ed Finnerty opened
hostilities. They boxed four rounds in a
tamo fashion and Cordell was declared the
winner. Joe Brodshaw piled into Jack
Hopkins and settled his visions of glory
before half the round had progressed.
Hopkins rubbed his nose on the canvas
and did not open hla eyes until the shout
ing was over. When he did awaken to a
realization of his defeat the first sight
that met his gaze was his father vainly
expostulating with Referee Greggains
that his young hopeful had been fouled.
Hopkins looked as if he dreaded the
further beating he would get for losing
the bout.
Hughie Frlel landed on Charles Stevens"
proboscis and that young man sat down
on the canvas and declined to continue.
The bout was lively whle It lasted, but
Friel was the hardest hitter and won out
in one round. '»»'•
Charles Ryan and Jack Murray put up
the best fight of the night. They slammed
each otfjer In a manner that would bring
Joy. to the most' blase ring-goer. Ryan
was ' stronger and landed oftener. but
Murray was determined and possessed
grit in large quantities. The decision of
the judges, who declared the bout a draw,
met with favor. Billy McDonald tried
some of Terry McGovern's tactics on
Eddie Devlin and before the last round
was reached Devlin looked as If he had
passed through a threshing machine.
McDonald was so eager to win that he
fought like a wild bull. Greggalns stopped
the bout before the close of the fourth
round. Mike Curtain gained a decision
over Ed Nealon. a modest youth, who was
built on the eiraffa plan. .
Billy Snallham, the • little whirlwind
amateur bantam champion of the coast,
made short work of Billy Mifrphy. He
knocked Murphy down and out before
the close of the first round.
HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETES
WILL SWIM FOR MEDALS
Natatorial Tournament to Be Held
Under the Direction of the
Academic League.
A swimming tournament wyi be held In
the large tank of the Olympic Club to
night under the direction of the Amateur
Athletic Association. The contestants aro
members of the high schools In this city
and vicinity. A great deal of rivalry ex
ists between them and the races should
prove exciting. The entries are aa fol
lows:
Abbreviations— C. s7"M. A., California School
of Mechanical Arts; P. II. S.. Polytechnic
High School; I,. H. S.. Lowell High School;
8. M. S., San Mate.. School.
100 yard dash— Bonlfleld, P. H. 8.: Morton.
P. H. S.; Bishop. 8. M. S.: Davis, L. H. B.;
Hamilton. L. H. S.. and Levin, C. 8. M. A.
220 yard race— Cornell. C. S. M. A.; Calle
non, L. H. S.; Kehrleln. L. H. 3.; Bishop. 8.
M. S.; Bonnlfleld, P. H. S. *
440 yard race— Plough, L. H. S. ; Seevers, P.
H. S.; Hamln. L. H. 8.
SSO yard race— Davis, L. H. S. ; Kehrleln, L.
H. S.; Plough. P. H. S.; Tlebcrs. P. H. 8.
The probable winners are BonniQeld In the
100 and 230 and Plough In the 444. Plough Is
expected to also win the SSO yard race.
The committee having the contests in hand
is composed of T. Dunne, A. W. Osborne and
J. F. Spurdant. »
OHIO SOCIETY WILL GIVE
, PRESIDENT WABM WELCOME
Preparations Now "Under Headway to
Fittingly Beceive the Chief
Executive in May.
The Ohioans of this city are making
great preparations for fittingly welcoming
Pre«ldent McKtnley on his arrival In May.
At the regular monthly meeting of tha
Ohio Society of California, held Wednes- I
day night, the president reported that he
had visited Washington and had be«n
assured in a personal Interview with
President McKJnley <that nothing would
restrain him from .visiting this coast this
year/
From letters that have been received
from all over the State, the indications
are that there will be 20,000 Ohloang pres
ent at the launching of the battleship
Ohio. The society was entertained by a
speech from R. M. Green of Oroville anil
by the Union Iron Works Quartet. At
the meeting the following were elected
members of the society: ieu
W. C. Andrew*, San Jos*. Cal.- Jaw**
SOME SENSATIONAL STARTING
AT OAKLAND BY JAKE HOLTMAN
Though a Youn^ Man, He Is Known as One of
the Best Wielders of Flag on Turf,
STARTER HOLTMAN
ARRIVES IN TOWN
NEW WIELDER OF THE FLAG AT OAKLAND TRACK
THE SAN FR ANCISCO .. CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1901.
JUDGE HOI-LISTER, WHO IS
SUED THE DECREE PRE
VENTING THE FIGHT.
ROBERT, EMMET CELEBRATION.— Tha one
hundred ' and twenty-third anniversary ( of Ire
land's Illustrious martyr. Robert' Emmet, will
be ¦ celebrated ' In Metropolitan Temple, on ' the
evening of March 4, under the direction of the
Knights pf the' Red Branch. Rev. , "William
Gleason of East Oakland will, deliver the ora
tion, and a splendid programme will ba: pre
sented. . .•"" ¦: ...
OALrFORNIANS TN WASHINGTON
4
References, best banks and leading business men of this city.
If you cannot call at my offlco. wrlto ma your symptoms fully • My horn* treat-
ment by correspondence is always successful. .Address air letters i to
F I SWFANV M H 737 MARKET STREET,
THF TIT^F ACr—Twlsted or knotted, worm-like veins.
ff yourt-Vlf careful! 'yT *' d f t . ected by feelln *- Examine
fl(:2r^ -£8T > 1T^ P A TTQT7 -Youthful dissipation, blows, falls, 'strains,
raj\**F e*wi , 110 Lft U OL, excessive horseback or bicycle riding, etc.
ITS EFFEfT~£ *£"• h . eav £« ar& eelng pain in small of
4SrJ$8t -J^S ZiiriTt -LJti^A back exter.ding-down through, loins, low
#ffrf?ls3&&fc FiLr 1 ™™!,! b ? 3y and braln - nerv °u* debility, par.
health COmplcte Ioss of povvcr - and oft ™ 'allure of general
DOCTOR SWEAHY, JJC fTTR.p-" Tou are a sufferer from varlcocele. com*
The lotirest e«abll^etL x A^.^y**^,, Jo m X office and let me explain to you my
moet eucceaaful and rrocess pf curlngr it. You will then not wonder" why I have *
reliable epeciallEt in cured to etay cured more than 900 caae$ of varlcocelo dur-
Dl«eas«i of MEN. !S* t th ,* 5™!**!*'* Under my treatment the . pa- -
tient Improves from the vorj- beginning. A healthy clrcu-
lation of blood is Blood is life, and I all , soreness " :
a " d . BWellln { r . <J " lckl y subside; all other indications of the
disease and weakness vanish, completely and forever, and In their stead com© the
pride, the power and the pleasures of perfect health and restored vigor" ..
I also cure to stay cured STRICTURE. CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON NER-
VOUS DEBILITY. RUPTURE. KIDNEY. AND URINARY DISEASEa and all rel
flex complications and associate diseases and weaknesses of men To thesa mala
dies alone I have earnestly devoted 23 of the best yeari of my life' Physicians ha.v-
lne etubborn cases to treat are cordially Invited to consult with me I make no
chart* e for private counsel, and give to each patient a legal contract < bark *d hv
abundant capital, to hold for my promise. Ib it not worth your while t'o lnvestieata
a cure that haa made life anew to multitudes? y lo to lnve »«*&te
There are no statutory holidays la Mis-
sissippi. Kansas or Nevada.
DB. W0N8 WOO TEA AND HIRB 8AHITAaiUJL
164-768 CUT 8TRSET.
iJff5>V San F rancJj co, Dec. 24. 13C0.
KuHggfc To all whom It may concern;
I la December. 1399. I waa takes
•bC 9 »lck with Black Typhoid Fever.
r7£ 9 the moat virulent type known to <
}C. JL medical science. 1 had hemor-
_jMQ~h. rbages. both nasal and intesti-
*tf&3&t&\f «>•». • l = h t o* the Utter occur-
>KI^p.f\V rtn S ln « n « day. Dr. Won*
WWSIitMi* Woo, the eminent Chines* phy-
¦Ictatv. waa called, and with one dos* o£ hu
tea Hopped the flow of blood, thereby larln:
my life, is I had been riven up by ray whits
physician, as well as by all my frtenda. Waa
unconscious (our weeks, but by Dr. Won* Woo'*
wonderful sklU he saved my life from this mose
fatal of all fevers. Although I waa confined to
my bed three months, waa abU to resume* my
vocation la six months from the tima I went to
bed. and now I weigh 102 pounds, more than I
bad ever attained previously. I would cheerfully
recommend Dr. w«ng Woo to any on* la n«*l
of .a flrst-elaas physician for any cause whatso-
ever.— RALPH *T. FOLKS. M5 Golden Gat*
ave.. Baa Francisco. CaL
1A/. T. HESS.
KOTIBT PGBU3 Am ATTOajIJEr-AX-tlW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Clau» Spreckela Bldr. J
Telephone Brown 9J1. *.
Residence, >;j Callfornu «t. below PoweJ.
. Saa Francisco. _• _. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Candor is used safely only between
enemies. ' .
EBfiSfl§EiEn?c£i§r^^^a^fc»^53
KID GLOVE
BARGAINS
FOR
ISW pairs LADIES' TWO A »¦
CLASP KID in colors and L'Lft
black; all sizes; regular || -I 1 1
value at U 00; sale price.... UU(j
SCO pairs EXTRA QUALITY
LADIES' TWO CLASP -9 a
KID in Red. Brown and /lift
Black; stylish and durable. I J| I *
AH in perfect condition. £
MOSS' GLOVE STORE,
1210 Market Street,
Bat. Taylor tad Joan.
Prompt Attention to Mai! Orders. \Claim as Sewer Commissioner.
AGED WIDOW KZLIiED
BY AN EXPRESS WAGON
Henry Stallmann, the Driver, Jumps
Upon His Vehicle and Drives
Rapidly A;vray. •
Mrs. Eliza Montgomery, a widow," 65
years old, died yesterday morning of in*
Juries received by being run over on
Wednesday afternoon. Mrs. Montgomery,
while crossing the street In front of her
residence, 913 Folsom' street, was knocked
down and run over by an express wagon
driven by Henry Stallmann of 17 lsls
street *
Stallmann refused to give hia name, and
when Officer Spigel took the number of
his wagon Stallmann. with the question,
"What are you taking my number for?"
jumped upon the wagon and drove away.
He . was subsequently arreeted • and
charged with manslaughter. Mrs. .Mont
gomery kept a lodging house at the place
named, and was a Government pensioner.
Charles J. Dickman will be the Prince
and Mrs. A. H. BaTendt the Queen at the
Mardl Gras ball In the Hopkins Institute
of Art next Tuesday . evening. This was
announced last evening. The Prince's
court, is also -selected and will consist of
T.V. Baftewell, Harry. Haight, Clarence
Wendell. Burbank Somers. Charles Field.
Kdward VInzent. W. B. Hopkins, Charles
E. Lamberton. William Neilson, E. E.
Simmons and FL P. Veeder. Thomas Rick
ard will be the herald.
The* pages and ladies of the court have
.not been - named. Yesterday 1000 palms
and myrtles were received at the institute,
where twenty men are busy arranging the
decorations of the rooms. .The applica
tions for tickets have been about the same
as ' last year, and the expectation is that
about six hundred.will.be issued.-
PRINCE OF CARNIVAL
SELECTS HIS COTJBT
One Thousand Palms and Myrtles
J«V Received and Twenty Men
at Work.
TRUCKED. Fob. H.— While attempting
to board a moving freight train at Floris
ton this evening. John Southerland fell
under The wheels and both legs •were
crushed. He was brought to Truckee on
the same train ar.d the injured limbs were
amputated by the company's surgeon, lla
died a few hours later. Southerland is
one of a number of men who were ordered
out cf Trurkec several days ago for sell
ing liquor to Irrdians. Ills home is at Car
con City.
Killed by a Train.
PENT TO SAN QTTENTIX.- John A. Moore.
a. las John Muir. r!«'A«5e<l KUllty to a charge of
j^etty Urcenr. second offense, for uteaHns ar
ticle* from H. w. SchllchtlriK. 'in Jud«e Cook's
court yesterday and was sentenced to two
years In Ran Qucntin.
Self Confessed Young Thief.
Ignatius Nabel, a boy 15 years of ago.
was arrested -about 2 o'clock yesterday
morning after he had stolen two bottles
of milk from a milk wagon at Broadway
and Kearny street. When searched in
the City Prison a lot of articles were
found in his pockets. In Judge Mogan's
The men were at work on the second
story of' the building when the accident
occurred. They had hoisted themselves
up from the ground after partaking of
their lunches, and had made all fast and
were at. work when the center of the stag
ing commenced to give, breaking with 'a
snap and throwing the unfortunate men
into space. . . .
¦ Nutt Landed on a shed near the side of
the building on which they were work-
The staging on which Harry M- Nutt
and another painter named Perry were
standing while painting the residence of
R. , Westwater yesterday broke and the
two men fell- to the ground. Perry was
fortunate. He landed on his feet in a
pile of "sand, receiving .only slight bruises,
but Nutt waa so severely injured that it
Is thought he will not recover. V^c '
ing. bounded off, and struck on his head
in a pile of mixed mortar. His head was
completely burled in the material. Hn
was extricated a*s soon as possible ami
hurried to the Receiving Hospital, where
it was found by Dr. Murphy that " the
burning lime had entered his right eye,
completely destroying the sight. In addi
tion to the loss of his eye, Nutt suffered
a fracture of the spinal column, numerous
lacerations of the scalp and a fracture oi
the skull.
court yesterday he admitted having
stolen them from different places. Ho
was discharged from the orphan asylum
at San Rafael about a week ago and ran
away from home with the Intention of
stealing. He will te sent to an Institu
tion to-day.
A Pefaultfng Drummer.
John Loefflex of th© Sonoma Preserving
Company. 422 Fifth street, secured a war
rant from Judge Cabaniss yesterday for
the arrest of J. L. Thai, 1201 Golden Gate
avenue, on a charge of felony embezzle
ment. Thai had been engaged as a drum
mer for the company for two weeks and
during that time. It is alleged, he col
lected and embezzled $400. The amount in
the complaint is $75. It is also alleged
that he is short in his accounts with tha
Fisher Packing Company. .'•-' r
PAINTER NUTT FALLS INTO PILE OF MORTAR
AND THE LIME DESTROYS ONE OF HIS EYES
"The application for a renewal of the
mortgage incurred by Mr. Sutro was made
to the court some months 'ago, .but at no
time were Mrs. Kluge or her attorneys
consulted in regard to. the matter. The
first intimation I had that I had consulted
with Van R. Paterson. her" attorney,
was -when I read of it. I can understand
that Mrs. Klug^ was not averse to affix
ing her signature to the mortgage. While
such a prorcec-dlng might give her a cer
tain standing in the community, it could
have no weicht in tht; case now before
th,e court. 1 emphatically repeat that Mrs.
Kluge has not received the slightest recog
nition by cither the heirs or myself and
hfr signature to the mortgage was ob
j tained by the bank on its own account
I and without our knowledge. The mort
gage covers an old loan, and even if Mrs.
Klugo would ultimately be acknowledged
as ore of the' heirs by the court she would
only be entitled to hpr share of the residue
after the loan had been paid out of the
proceeds of the sale of the property."
"To * eupDose that the participation of
Mrs. Kluge In this mortgage or any mort
gage on the Sutro estate is a recognition
of her claims by the Sutro heirs is, of
course, absurd." said Reuben Lloyd in
discussing the matter yesterday. "It was
the HIbernia Bank, the mortgagee, alone
that desired the signature or Mrs. Kluge;
and that for reasons known to every one
famiHar with the attitude of banks to
ward contestants. The bank, in the abun
dance of its caution, simply desirefl to be
protected in the event of there being any
recognition by the courts of Mrs. Kluge's
claim.
\ Re-uben H. Lloyd, attorney for the heirs
! of the Sutro estate, denies that either he
or his clients have in any way recognized
I the claims of Mrs. Clara Kluge. who has
i contested the Adolnh Sutro will on the
' part of her two children, whom ehe al
' leges to be the offspring of the dead mll
! lionaire. The conclusion that Mrs. Mer
! ritt. executrix of the estate, together with
j the other heirs, had been Indirectly forced
i by the Hibernia Bank to acknowledge the
'claim' of Mrs. Kluge was arrived at be
| cause her name had been affixed to a
j mortgage ! on property belonging to the
I estate. The mortgage was recor'ded yes
: terday and is a renewal of another cov
iering a loan mafie to Adolph Sutro for
$725,000.
MRS. CLARA KLUGE
NOT RECOGNIZED
Attorney, for Sutro Heirs
Denie3 Her Claim to
Estate.
About six weeks' of each term will be de
voted to lectures at Berkeley and then
field work will be undertaken. President
Wheeler and the regents deem- the new
department to be of particular value to
the State, as water storage and supply
and forestry conditions are at present ab
sorbing topics.
From Mount Hamilton Observatory As
sistant Astronomer C. D. Perrine and
Ralph H. Curtis will be sent on the first
steamer possible to Sumatra to observe
the total eclipse of the sun on May 17.
They will take with them a complete out
fit of astronomical instruments and will
co-operate with other parties sent out.
A meeting of the regents will be held
on Tuesday afternoon if a quorum can be
secured. ¦ . ¦ -
Professor Mead comes from an old
American famiiy and. although but 43
years of age, has won laurels in his chosen
profession. He is a native of Patriot,
Ind., and graduated from the scientific
and agricultural departments of Pardue
University and from the civil engineering
department of Iowa University. He has
held many important public positions. He
is not unused to a professorship, as he has
held chairs In a number of Eastern col
leges. Since 1SJ9 he has been the Irriga
tion expert of the United States Govern
ment. . »
An -important part has been played by
Professor Mead in advancing the inter
ests Of irrigation. During eleven years of
service as Territorial and then as State
Engineer of Wyoming he rescued that
State from the confusion into which It
had been thrown- by its poor system of
irrigation law and established a new sys
tem which serves as a- model to other
States.
Professor Mead Is at present at Chey
enne. During his recent trip East Pres
ident Wheeler made the necessary ar
rangements for securing the services of
Professor Mead, and while his action
lacks as yet the formal approval of the
regents, tacit consent has been given by
a majority of them to make his appoint
ment public. Regents Wallace, Foster
and Houghton, the only ones present, said
that no objection could be made against
this course.
While remaining at the head of this Im
portant work. Professor Mead will make
his residence at Berkeley, become* a pro
fessor of the university and will devote
a portion of each semester to lecturing
there. He will lay the foundations of an
irrigation department which it Is planned
to develop into one of the most important
activities of the university.
Although no quorum was present yester
day at the meeting' of the Regents of the
University of California at the Hopkins
Institute. President Wheeler was author
ized to announce that a. . new ami most
Important department, to be known as the
department of irrigation, would be or
ganized on March 1 at the. great educa
tional institution with Professor Elwood
Mead at the head. At present he' Is the
director In charge of the Irrigation inves
tigation of the United States Department
of Agriculture.
State University Regents
Will Establish New
Department.
PLAN A COURSE
IN IRRIGATION
The entire controversy was taken under
Bflvlsement by the court.. It was ordered
lhat a Jury on the condemnation eult b~
called for March 14 to fix the value of the
property sought to be condemned.
Similar proceedings will be heard at
Kalama. Cowlitz County, hy Judge Miller
to-morrow.
The former, represented by Burke. Shep
herd <Sr McGiivcy, attorneys for the Great
Northern Railroad Company at Seattle,
based Its contest on the plea that the
property sought to be condemned is al-
KU7 appropriated for public use and the
mere fact that the company has so far
failed to actually construct Its lines does
not give another the right to appropriate
the property fcr a similar use. Numerous
other k-eal points chiefly technical In na
ture w^re also raised, all of which weic
Overruled by Judge Miller, leaving the
mauer to be fought out between the
Washington ami Oregon and Columbia
Valley companies. The latter. It appears,
ajso had designs upon a portion of the
right of -way f or i tp proposed line from
A\ai.ula to .fht sea and asked leave of
the court to Intervene, which was granted
This left before the onurt only tho ques
tion of priority f f rijrht of the "parties and
therr go<vl inif-ntions as to construction
of a railroad over the line.
VANCOWER, "Wash.. Feb. 14— The le
gal battle for the possession of the rail
road right of way from this city to Seat
tle, now.owr.ed by the Portland and Puget
Sound Railroad Compiny. bepan In the
Superior Court here to-day. The hearing
was "had on a petition of the Washington
and Oregon Railroad Company filed sev
eral weeks ago, asking' that legal proceed
irps be Instituted for the condemning of
the right cf"way for "Its proposed road
over the Portland and Puget Sound prop
erty.
The Washington and Oregon Company
petition was opposed by the Portland and
Puget Sound Company and- the Columbia
Valley Railway Company, but each on
cifferent grounds..
Washington . and Oregon
Road Wants *Right of Way
of the P. and P. S. ¦
LEGAL BATTLE
FOR LINE RAILWAY
the scoring. These charming volunteers
are:
LADIES WHO ARE ACTIVE IX
PREPARATIONS FOR WHIST
PARTY.
Miss Lucy M. Hawthorne. Miss J«nnle Long.
Miss Bernice Ecovllle. Miss Ella Cox, Miss
Mabel Cox, Miss Bessie Callendec, Miss Sarah
Van Winkle. Miss-Belle Van Winkle. Miss Julia
Mau. Miss Agnes Sadler, Miss Clara Durbrow,
Miss Eisle Clark, Miss Edith Henrld, Miss
Florence Ewlng, Miss Jessie Ewlngr, Miss Hal
lie Moultln, Miss Lolla Wenzelburger, Miss Ray
Hovey, Miss Nettle Forbes, Miss Mlla Lally,
Miss Maria Marlburr. Miss Ivy Bower. Miss
Edith Xelson, Miss Ella Thall. Miss Florence
Bailey, Miss Eulalte Jessup, Miss Gunn, Miss
Millie Flynn, Miss Bessie Bates, Mis* Bergon,
Miss Cotton. Miss Varonica Kennedy, Miss
Alice' 'Washbtirn, "Miss .Caroline Snook. Miss
Ruby Sessions. Miss Edith McCabe, Miss Grace
Wool, Miss Emily Coy, Miss Edith McKay,
Miss Clara Sharp, Miss Clarisse Eby, Miss Bes
sie Eby, Misses Tale, Miss Gertrude Campbell,
Miss Daisy Burns. Miss Mabel Ayer, Miss
Emma C. Eaton. Miss Alice r>ay. Miss Cotton,
Miss Queen Montgomery. Miss Alice Chipman,
Miss Fannie Chipman, Miss Helen Wright, Miss
Alnette .Edwards. Miss Edith Manning. Miss
Laura Denson, Miss Delores Wllklns, Miss Jane
Barry. Miss Kate Stack. Mies Hattle Currier.
Miss Aileen Towlp, Miss Mary Melslck, Miss
Muriel Wemple. Miss Laura Taylor, Miss Bessie
-Taylor. Miss Stone, • Miss Ruth Gedney, Miss
Maud Blackman, Miss Josephine L»lndley, Miss
Emily Fish, Miss Helen Davis, Miss Florence
Demlnp. Misses Converge, Miss Reed Hutch
ecr.s. Miss Ella Morgan.
¦>n><i;HE ladles of the whist section of
3 the California Club are working
J like beavers putting thing* in
J. shape fcr the preat benefit pro
gressive- whist ard euchre tourna
ment to be held at the Palace Hotel on
Monday evening Mr?. E. P. ScheH. the
chairman of the whist Fection. i? so en
thusiastic In her work and untirir.gr in her
e^orts that she ha> inspired those who
are wrrkirie with her ar.d sp'.encid results
may he looked for.
The great card party is not to be an In
vitational affair. The public is cordially
invited to Kttand, and the riultwomen In
charge cf the pames will look after
etrangers and Fee that they are. all pro
vided with partners.
Th* LaOIes who have been soliciting
prizes have rr.e* with a most penerous re
fponse froxa all the merchants, and It Is
more than r' c t' able that there will be
rr.or* r'iz* p "han are needed for the
p»mes. Should This prove to be the case
The donations not r.eeded for distribution
a? prizes will be auctioned off after the
games. It is r'opos^d to also auction the
cards won.
Seventy-five society girls have eener
iraslj volunteered their services to the
club* for the great night, and they will do
Whist Section Getting Things in Shape for the Big
Card Tournament on Monday Evening.
FEAR TO LOSE
MANILA TRADE
Need of Dirtct Steamship
Line Discussed by Busi
ness Bodies.
The Ship Owners' Association of the
Pacific Coast was requested to send a
delegation, but did not do so.
President W'atkins in calling the meet
ing to order stated that it was for. the
purpose of securing a direct' steamship
connection between this port and Manila.
Goods were being damaged in trans
shipment from Hongkong to Manila and j
•considerable pilfering- existed; all of
which resulted In a serious loss to San
Francisco merchants. •
President Watklns then told how a let
ter had been sent to the Pacific Mail ;
Steamship Company early last December,
calling the attention of the company to
the matter, but that the only reply re-,
celved was that Mr. Schwerin of the com
pany waa in New York and on his return
he would give the subject his attention.
Although Mr. Schwerin had returned at
the«nd of December, no statement had
been received from him.
A." C. Rulofson said he had recently
seen and spoken to Mr. Schwerin and that
gentleman had informed him that the
Pacific Mail Company would not attend
the meeting, not having received an In
vitation to do'so. Regarding pilfering of
Roods sent to Manila. Mr. Schwerin. had
informed Mr. Rulofson that the steamship
company was not responsible for it and
that the poods must have been tampered
with on the docks at, Manila. Mr. Rulof
son cited an instance where 2000 cases of
beer had been shipped from San Fran
cisco to Manila, via Hongkong, and on
being repacked at Manila, It was found
that 10 per cent of the beer was missing.
The speaker had the assurance of Mr.
Schwerin that if the merchants of San
Francisco had the requisite amount of
Manila trade the steamship company
would put on direct steamers, but not
otherwise.
¦ T. J. Parsons of the Del Monte Mills
said that if Tacoma, Seattle and New
Ycrk could support a direct line of ships
to Manila, certainly San Frajicisco could
do so.
"We are suffering heavily," said Mr.
Parsons, " because we have no direct line
and if we had one it wou.d promptly put
an end to the pilfering on the docks at
Manila and during, the reshimpent at
Hongkong. The trouble Is that San Fran
cisco has not- taken as much Interest In
the matter as Other citieis have. Los An
geles has established a direct coast line
and Seattle has the Skaguay trade, us
ing twelve steamers. All the goods
shipped to Skaguay come from San Fran
cisco."
Sanford Bennett read a number of let
ters he had received from the Oregon antf
Oriental Steamship Company of Portland,"
Oregon, offering to put on two steamers
from San Francisco to Manila If sufficient
freight was guaranteed. The company
quoted a direct rate of 19 per ton,, as com
pared to $10 per ton now charged from
San Francisco to Hongkong, which, added
to J3 50 per ton for reshlpment from Hong
kong to Manila, made the through rate
J13 50.
•A general discussion of how to accept
the offer made was then participated in
by W. R. Wheeler, Horace Davis, Isaac
Upham, Hugo Rothschild and H.'D. Love
land. The last named uentleman 1 said
that the City, of Peking had recently left
this port for the Orient crowded with
Eastern freight and not a pound of San
Francisco freight had gone on the vessel.
This he said, was a constant occurrence.
"There is a necessitv for the line," said
Mr. Loveland, "and we will have no trou
ble in getting it. An olTer has been made:
don't let us sit down and see other cities
secure the trade which belongs to us."
C. Haswell of the Johnson-Locke Mer
cantile Company paid that three steam
ship companies which <us firm represented
were willing to put on vessels direct from
San Francisco to Manila, provided enough
freight was guaranteed. The ships were
American built and were under the Amer
ican flag and it would be better to secure
American ships for the trade than foreign,
ones, which, if Jhe Philippine Islands
wore made part of the Union, could not
carry freight between American ports.
On motion of Mr. Parsons, a resolution
was carried that President Watkins ap
point a committee, to consist of five large
exporters, to find out the amount of
freight which can he secured from San
Francisco for Manila and that the com
mittee confer with the various steamship
companies in the matter of securing direct
shipment between the two ports.
"Congressman S. D. Woods was then
Introduced to the meotlng by President
Watkins and received a hearty reception.
Congressman "W'oqds stated that he was
present to speak on .i matter in which
Congress needed an object lesson— the
needs of California. The appropriations
asked for from Coneress for river and
harbor improvements in California had
been turned down and the Representa
tives and Senators from California had
thought that the Committee on River3
and Harbors should be Invited to visit the
State and see for itself the needs for the
appropriations asked for. An amendment
was now before the So-.jate on the appro-
Eriation bill and the California delegation
ad thought It Important enough for the
speaker to- come back to California and
secure invitations for the Committee on
Rivers and Harbors to visit the State.
Congressman Woods noped that the meet-
Ing would take some acticfn in the mat
ter and, If the committee was invited,
that the California delegation In Wash
ington should be asked to present the in
vitation to thn members of the River and
Harbor Committee.*
A resolution that tha invitation be ex
tended by the various commercial bodies
represented at the meeting was - then
passed and an adjournment was taken:
Congressional Committee on Rivers
and.Earbors Also Invited to
Visit the State in the •
• . Spring. x>; ;
• ¦ - ?
The Question of a direct line of steamers
from San Francisco to Manila was dis
cussed yesterday afternoon at a special
meeting of prominent business men called
together by the Board of Trade.
The .meeting was a representative one
In every respect and those who were
present at the gathering are determined
that the vital question of securing arid
holding the Manila trade shall be propeply
solved. The various commercial organi
zations were represented as follows:
Board of Trade— President A. A. Watklns.
T. J. Parsons, Isaac L'pham, Banford Bennett,
6. Freuchtwanger, William Cluff. S. Nlckels
burgr. Martin Trie»t and H. M. -HolbrooJc.
Chamber of Commerce— R. J.- Chapman, W. E.
Meghlll and A. Chesebroueh. Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association— A. C. Rulofson,
A Sbarbaro and Kdward Everett. Merchants'
Association— Hugo Kothschlld, B. S. Benedict.
I*, p. Cole, A. M. Davis and frank J. Syrameu.
Merchants' Exchange — AV. E. Meghill, A.
Chesebrough and J. Rosenfeld. Ean Francisco
Produce Exchange— W. Babcock, II. C Somers
ar.d Horace Davis. By special invitation A.
G. Towne. H. D. Loveland, W. R. Wheeler
and Congressman S. L>. Woods were also
present.
PRETTY GIRLS WILL HELP
AT CALIFORNIA CLUB PARTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15* 1901.
Fred "Wilson,' alias George "Woods, was
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Conlan yesterday on- a charge
of burglary in $3000 bonds. Woods sand
a companion, William Irving Shannon,
broke into the room of Ed H. Hall. ,122
Taylor street,- January. 30, and Shannon
waashot and killed by HalL
, Held for Burglary.
Commissioner Mendell of the Board of
Public Works presented a claim to ~ the
Board of Supervisors yesterday for com
pensation as Sewer Commissioner under
appointment bythe Supervisors -In 1893.
covering "a period extending from August .
18?2. to January 31, 1833.% The claim aggre
gates *15*S K>. ,
5
bUAKANI tbU sgssggggs
¦Imtlmr updlctne la the world. TkU te»bMlat« 9*°** •£
Br~mt merit, and onr l>«.t t*»UaB«»il»I. VV e h»-re fulth u4
will aell CASCAJKKTH absolatplj gumrwMtettd to ear* or
money refnadeo. Oo boy today, two AOc boze*. «l rs tkem a
fair, hoaeat trial, m per ¦laple directions aad If yon an
ao* latlifled, aAcrmlw one SO« box, retara tko B»»«fJfiOe
bos aad the rmpty bos to a* by m«U. or tke dranUt «>«»
whom yon purchased It, aad ««¦* yo«r ™on«-y baea for both
boxes. Taae oar advteV-ao iatier what afisyeo-atart te-
day. Health will «alckty follow and yoawul >Ie»» tbo day
yon flrmtrtartod the o«e ortMiiCA KET*. Bwk tr*f , by, malt
idfetns STEKLCIS BEXEOT CO., KfiW YORK or CUICJkUO.
A 1 1 ft P" a11 bowel troubles, appendicitis, Ml-
I'llltf La lonsness, bad breath, bad blood, wind
111 I II I on tbo "tomacli, bloated bowels, foal
UVIIbv month, headache, tndlsestlon, pimples,
pains after eating, liver trouble, sallow complexion
and dizziness. When 70 nr bowels don't more regu-
larly you are settlnc sick. Constipation kill* more
people than all other diseases together. It is a
starter for the chronic ailments and lone years of
Buffering that come , afterwards. . No matter what
alls yon, start taking CASCARETSto-day, for yon
frill never set well and be well all the time until
you put yonr bowels right. Take our advice; start
with CASCAH.ETS to-day, under an absolute guar-
antee to cure or money refunded. co
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
A SUPERB COLLECTION OF |
at AUCTION
TO-DAY, TO-MORROW AND NEXT WEEK
H 0. m. and 2:30 p. m.
23O POST STREET,
Between Grant Ave. and Stockton St. '
GEORGE H. WEIGERT. Art Auctioneer: By order of HAGOPIAN &
tCO. of 119-121 West Twenty-third street, New York.
We exhibited and* sold in this city a large collection of Oriental Rues
last year about' this. time, which was pronounced by connoisseurs the. finest
ever shown in San Francisco, and our present collection is . of surpassing
beauty.
I Special Sale 'WBJgjffc JFBflB^af^iC^BH IPMJJ Special Sale 5
i Chest Protectors. SIbS, ft.l?i« Large Shears. %
* Heavy Flannel, larg; size; regularly H HP"^ iMlaJ "^"^ 'tBI Three siies — 6, 7 »nd 3 iachn* 'JJ
fc - 45c— to-c-ay only _ „ ' P* Bfl W. «*a 3X 1% *« nickel platfd; to-day — >
Jf ••¦ ••¦•¦ •*>«? CALIFORNIA'S lL\RQEST-AMER»CA-5 GRANDEST STORE only, pr pair... ..... I £C JK
j£ L'Aiglon— A handsomely bound English translation of Rostand's famous play now being produced by Sarah Jr
*? Bernftardt; published at $1 .50— cur price ' .- # $1m2O J
$> Reserved Seats lor all Bsrnhanlt Performances for sale al our Box Office,- in main aisle, near entrance, 9
x . ' ' _ 1 x'
$' Special Salei Another Sale of Special To-Day S
I chiitiren's Hose. Embroideries. •£?£££«!£ 422 f
If Childrrns extra heavy 3 -thread bicycle ntbed 2000 yards ot very good qual'ty of Embroidery fine black 13-inch Switi Ta&ta; Teryheary {!
J cotton Hosrj guaranteed fas:' Hack; double in a fine as-ortmenr of patterns, which if <jtjaliry wirh brilliant luster and absolutely pwe j5
jf knee, herl and sale, ful scamkss, no su- bought in the regular way would tell for 20c, dyt; roana'acrared ejpccial'y fcr rmimkH X '
If peiior lor wear, sold tmatiy u a '"der at 25c 25c anJ 30c per yard; will be placed on iile and grenadire linings; regularly $1.00 a yard, 2
* a piir; .on special tale Friday enly, _^ in main ais'e to-day only; all at the which we will place on fair on . -» _ X
If ¦ 3 pairs SOo — jer pair; ....... SmC uniform pries, ptr yard, ;... I4C Friday only at \ Q/C
1 Three Big Clothing Specials. |
I For Friday and Saturday Only. i
•» _ If you can buy the same kind of garments for a lower price elsewhere or for anything near these special prices fbr S
*f Friday and Saturday, bring our goods back and get your money. Th : s is the way that the big store guarantees its goods *
ft* at all times. . - ..* • •" " 5
j Boys' $7.50 Men's $12.50 . Boys' $4.00 I
5[ • . |sS Suits, tj? anti SIS Suits, 5
i JM . long Pants, / A Saok Suits K»oe Pants, |
| (yT vg\- To-Day /) \ K to-Day $9.95 (&S7\ To ' D^y$2.4a\
X I S^=- $4*95. \J\ * >\ Made of All-Wool Che- Jl^t^' [ \ AQ - Wocl fa new .V
& IJn (ML- ' ' \ \ ) v * ot3 » Tweeds and Cassi- MO'M^ 7 '' 1 " 1 aad otheT color «*
** bA c^ Ma^e of All-Wool Che- . >* t -$¦ mew, in new, noaby • Spring t^J^UJP ST"?!^ f"\ T* *
H /l\ Aiow, in blue ani in hand- >7\i V«un« Ox- »T> . |^ lh^«» (s * J *
£ \ctf r ¦ 'cmefincy mixture?, fash- T I ij ford and Blue and Back 3| H T, I * n!raMe , 5
J M / ionablvcut,and made up i / S^ges and Fancy Wontedi; LL "« ,«*«*. of J
J / to give. goDd hard.wear, fl / rcuni-cornered Sick Cca ? , ¦ j l\ ] Ie " b^«i ««• tad x
¦ « / • aUs:«3, Joragesiitoi; III sing'e or double brea«ei l\\l ™f **T' " «^ «2
J, / ye«s; sold regularly by us / | " vrsf, ttyUshly designel, wei 4 UJ wel ir«4e, ill wei, fcr
J> I and good value 1 at «7eo; ||| fitting; regularly |». 50 and /[ J «>y« » to 15 yean ot age; Jg
X [ • Fridav and Saturday onlv • I'S-OO; Friday ani Saurday I\J ' wor^ «^« I4-OO; Fri- .J
J< / ' . } ' H only A JlL- « 3d Saturday only X
:\%.ir. $4.9o g $9.95 ¦ <ss^^ $2.48 \
$ SOo Pictures 22c. ~~ /¦«»•«*»# ««s#a ~~ 1
' Aft excep'ionaly choice line ot" 16x20 inch . %&&JU <&€*?• '#
• |f Carborettes; 20 carefully rrected subjects of —-, -^ ,.' • .*
t£ landscapes, f.nry heads, rigurr, and child / Sp ( Or^Pt's SSG DO C^nr^f^tQl '5
* s tudus, each rnounttd and rlnrshed with 3- ' s$>\.\J\J V^UlbCLS &%M*3y Jf
¦ tf inch earbon mats: reeu'arlv eoc 'J**^. ¦ dM CA /O . mm met A S
J each; special Friday only.. /..... 22C *' $1. J\J LOTSetS 75 Cm @§£[\ %
! V 5 GO Belts 27c We bou ? ht several bj "g 1°** of Corsets to once more L*^f / •*
'' a? . ¦ ffll up the missing sizes, and once more everybody can \( I $
*£ 3^' us at about Lot I — Tai Ccrsrr, heavly boned and strapped, a!l eizts; /£\ \ *
' & ¦^^^^^T^m\trE : E=^i, hl!f their a rr P uIar 7 5= Core:t cf fine. -t shift; on sal- 25 C \ ¥• •*
'¦ X regular rric: Lot 2— Two jty'.rj; en: new Empire style, straight front Corse:, lace fl\ i^&P^ffi i
', $ ¦ the balance tr.rr.m-j; whit: on!y, and a 6ab with fkacy effecti al _ ¦ "5
;. J, of three cif- »«s, iS to 30; reguariy f i.oojon talc 39C \Xfl-l/^ 5
J. fcrcnt linrs or' adcs" nrw sty'e Bet , 320 in Lot 3 — Assoitrd lot ot new R. & G. Empire Straight Front Corset?, VjKil/' ij H
: 2? all. They are made of patent leather and ottoman in black only, sizes 18 to 30, and several other styles in C. B.' V«]f!f/w ?
tf filk with go'd trimmins, and plain go'.d beting J- B -» Warner's, etc. All sizes *p to 36; black, drab _ "• ' (/IbIi^\ &
, ?» leather lined; bought in ths ie;ubr way wcu'd and white; regularly $1.53 and fi.oo; on tale at 7S C fCtF \jr "^
' jl» have to be sold for eoc each; our ,_ __ «-_., - - „ ~Z = '¦ ¦ X
g price to-^ay only v . 27C BUttCV Safe Day. LS8t DayS Of |
. J PliOtOS $2=50 DOZ, Best.Cr^m^Ty Butter, the regular size __ SltOB Safe. ' i
' K The la t two dap that we will take the el-gant tquar.s— you know the quaky— f%g2-^ Hundreds of pairs Ladies' and Misses* •{
I J new sty:e J5.00 per coztn B.-rnbardt Panel to-<lay (Fr.day) only, per square Shoes reduccdforquick clearance tO make X
X Photos for exactly half price. Unt 1 c'osing . ; — room for new stocks now on the way. 2
¦1 i m= i"wf tr^»)T^ e i' Six Plates 3lo, . Saying fully o»B-<Mrd. J
: *, Twilled flannelette » /i^^^^ SJ:^1S;:::::^5
. ij, e tftf¥ easterns „ ink / l^ : -^ -. . , x
¦ \ t£ On Ea^e to-day cn:y, a nnc lot of tpeciaUy man- preen or \^&^$>*# JE===^^ EmitJUOI*S t S*lUS}fa •*
\ y ufactured patt.rns for Ladies' Summer Under- blue bor- v'^ ~^T Ytllowstone Uhlskey— R?e cr Bcurbon, reju- \
J> skirts, fine twilled flannelettes, woven co'or:d * izt; i tpr- r "^- . "^ ularly $i.*$ a bottle, to-day $/.C8 X
¦ j^» borders, embroidered bottoms; in assorted cially purchased lot- o' 253 dozen of these Brandy — FuT quart demijohns; to-day, each ¦*
• *£ ¦ cohringa. "'These skirtings are a wife width; • pretty plat:s, th: regular price of which is 75O jt
I h a real 50c value; price -for Fiiday, o |i.oo per dozen; on fa'e -Friday ¦ tmm RebHng — QnaKty per'ect; to-day, per gallon. . \
'¦ 2" each 2 %?Cl only, set of six........ *JiC • SOO V
•»¦•¦¦ • x
THE JSMPOHTTTM.
Iliiili EDUCATE YOUR BOWELS
A j' 1 1 . I ' Don't neglect the slightest • sign of irregularity but
tJy ¦ V I i / see *^ a * y° u h ave a * k as * one natural, easy movement
% J ! \\*£r a Pills, salts and black draughts are 'dangerous
-Ji!r ''^jf^ because they strain and weaken the bowels, what
>M^i y° u wan * k a "^ k u * surc t on * c kxative, that tones and
m \i strengthens the bowels and stimulates their movements- •
i .ml A Such a laxative is CASCARETS, and when you
.¦ : i !/ try them, you will find that it is the easiest thing in
J I I . the world to make and keep your bowels clean and
\\ regular, strong and healthy. Sample box J0c> Month's
V^aV^^-^ treatment 50c By keeping the bowels clean, all. serious
disorders are
all druggists. *B Wk gf iBillP 1 "^^ SOLD. IN BULK.
THE EMPOKITJM.
THS EXFOBiuk.JEFFRIES AND SHARKEY— C. A. O.,
City. Jeffries and Sharkey met twice in
the ring— May 6. 1SS9. . in San Francisco,
and November 30. 1S99, at Coney Island.
In each instance Sharkey -lost.
"-¦; P. O.". B.— "A. S., City. The' letters
¦f.'.o.b. In the commercial world mean free
on board,. or that goods are sold with th$
understanding that the seller places them
on board of train or ship without cost to
the purchaser. .; "
TEMPERATURE— A Constant Sub
scriber, Hay wards, Cal. The answer to
tho question as to. the temperature In
New York and in London :- appeared In
this department January 27, 1901^ -
ODD FELLOWS' BANK—Correspond
ent; Soulsbyvllle. Cal. The Odd Fellows'
Bank, which suspended February 5. 1S72.
has paid In dividends up to date $1,839,159 41,
or 87Vi per cent. v "
ART SCHOOL— O. J., Ashland. Or. The
most prominent art school In San Fran
cisco is the Mark Hopkins Institute -of
Art, California and Mason streets. \.
TWENTY DOLLAR PIECE— D. TV. P.,
Placervllle, Cal. The gold in; a twenty
dollar piece of the United States is worth
$ 19. 995. • •
IDAHO— J. "WV H., City. Idaho was ad
mitted as a State of the Union on. the
3d day of July, 1S90, being the thirtieth to
be added to the original thirteen.
If P9 Vn 1 T, TR i7i SUbSCrtber - ' p erndale.' Cal.
" y °" **" **nd a 8elf T addressed
and stamped envelope to this de
partment will' send you the de
sired Information. It does not adve-
ti 5 e any business. Had you sent your
name instead of signing "Subscriber" an
K™" h ave been sent by mall.
Questions the answer to which amounts
« n . advertisement of the business of
an individual or a firm will not be an
swered In this department. •
.RECORDING SECRETARY-J. S. H..
City. Generally the dutfes of a recording
secretary are to call the roll at every
meeting, read the minutes of previous
meeting, keep a record of 'all the proceed
ings of the society; a record of the names
and residences of members, showing when
admitted, when died, resigned, when'ex
pelled, or took a withdrawal -card- keen
a record of the motion* made of the sub
Jects debated, names of those who took
part,, the decisions of the presiding oftV
cer or of the society by vote, and to. have
charge of all papers, books and commu
nications which do not belong to the flnan
cial secretary. The duties of recording
secretary vary in different societies, and
such are laid down In the by-laws Th<>
minutes ,ot & t recording secretary should
show concisely every transaction at a
meeting. Every motion made and second
ed has to be put by the chair, and wheth
er carried or lost a record of the same
should appear on the minutes. • me
cJi° !h N K M , ATEO - P -- T " Sa^a Rosa.
Cal. . The best wagon road from the San
Francisco ferry to San Mateo Is along
was commanded by Captain R. H. Peason
One hundred and ninety-eight Ilve<* wpt-a
lost. She had on board $1.2CTfl60 SS Jn tre«!
lire. A good portion of this was recovered
by a wrecking- company, of which the la.f«
Thomas J. Smiley waa the head *
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
• T , hc r e a " reasons f or fearing that husband-beating
is a too frequent practice; in that part of .the country,
and that few husbands are safe when their wives are
infuriated. There is a tradition that even John' L.
Sullivan, in the height of his career, once complained
in a Boston court that his wife was in the habit of
beating hiria unmercifully whenever he went home too
drunk to put up a fight and defend himself. Th<
Delaware bill may therefore be in the' interest of
wholesome household reform, but r 'all the same the
ht ?^?and who sends his wife to the whipping post'will
have a just claim upon the' sympathy of ; the world as
soon as the dame gcts'honie again. -''* V
To the people of California such' a bill will appear
nothing more than a legislative josh; but they are
treating it. seriously in the East. The New York
Times notes: "There is a subtle touch of grim humor
in. the phraseology of the bill, which makes it optional
with the wronged, husband whether he or the Sheriff
shall administer the disciplinary castigation to the
virago under, correction. Thereis reason to fear that
the Sheriff, having no personal interest in the matter,
would discharge his duty in a more er less perfunctory
manner; whereas the husband of the 'person being
the wife of any man,' who has rendered himself amen
able to the penalty of the husband-beating misde
meanor/ would certainly apply the scourge with no
sparing hand, if, moved to apply h at all."
According to the reports that come to us the bill
provides that "if any person, being the wife of any
man, shall, by physical violence, abuse", maltreat or
beat her husband, she shall be deemed guilty, of a mis
demeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be pun
ished by being whipped at the whipping post with not
less than five and not more than, thirty lashes by the
Sheriff, or by her husband, at his election."
WHILE Mrs. Carrie Nation, exulting in the
security of her womanhood, is sweeping the
:^East w-ith a besom and raising something like
a riot in every town in the State, the legislators of
DeJaware have under consideration a bill which, if
enacted, will startle herworse than the sight of a gin
mill* in open working order next door to her own
house. The Delaware measure is nothing more nor
less than a proposition • to equalize punishments in
that State and to treat vicious wives in the same" way
that vicious husbands are treated. % '¦*
? A DELAWARE REFORM.
Angry citizens and saloon sympathizers of Kansas
threaten to tar and feather Mrs. Carrie Nation if she
continues to make her depredations. Perhaps the
lady might ¦suggest that in keeping: with the traditions
of her sex she is accustomed to a somewhat less pain
ful use of. feathers. . . . ' .
BRYflN FOR 1904.
ALREADY the lines are being drawn for
Bryan's third nomination in 1904. His sup
porters in the House and Senate have their
orders, and the issue nhelters will soon be blazing.
Recently there were signs of revolt against Bryan
in the South, but they have, subsided.
This brief reappearance of the spirit of indepen
dence followed Mr. Cleveland's article in the Saturday
Evening Post. But Bryan's forces met it with such a
savage outburst of abuse that its expression grew
weaker and finally ceased. The last reference to it was
in the Dallas (Texas) News, which said:_ "Mr. Cleve
land is being roundly abused by papers which con
sider that no one has any right to talk on political
matters except Mr. Bryan and his disciples."
That expresses the situation " exactly. Bryan and
tiis disciples have the organization and the floor and
ir.tcnd'to hold it and force his nomination again, as
they have already forced it twice.
In his book. "The First Battle," Bryan tells how he
secured control of the party organization. As early
as 1805. he says, he had conferences with Senators
Stewart and Jones srith the view of organizing a non
partisnn free silver movement to coerce the Repub
lican and Democratic parties into declaring for free
silver at 16 to 1, and to arrange a joint bolt from both
parties in the event that both refused.. He says that
this plan proving impracticable he and those who
w ere with him in its formation and abandonment pro
ceeded to form a bimetallic league in ' thirty-five
State and Territories to '"capture" the Chicago con
vention and "to. secure the temporary organization
and control it at every step."
At the* time this was determined upon and carried
out the whole movement was secret. Its plans were
laid covertly, and many who co-operated with it were .
r.ot aware that they were being used as the tools of a
i-ccrct junta, a majority of whose members had never
bien Democrat?. On that junta the Democratic
States of Xe.v Jersey, New York and Connecticut had
no representatives, nor was the party in those States
iwcre cf the plot to capture its national convention..
It was a reorganizing movement gathered from
forces entirely outside the party. It was not a reform
movement from within.
Commenting upon it recently Mr. Perry Belmont
contrasts it with Bryan's recent declaration that:
"Reorganization is an internal remedy, and cannot be
applied externally." Those who are within the party
lines have a right to a voice in the making of the
platform, and aft entitled to make such change in the
organization or machinery of the party as they please,
but honesty and good faith require that any desired
change shall be openly proposed and fairly presented."
Thea why did r.ot'honesty and good faith require
the same cour«e on the part of Bryan and his junta
of conspirators in 1806? What Democrat, what Re
publican, in the country expected the lawless declara
tions of the Chicago platform, or that the convention
would make a new departure that condemned the
whole history of the party from its beginning?
In the light of Bryan's acts then and his professions
row it is plain that his views of what is fair and
honest, change with bis interests and change of po
sition. In 1895-96 he was on the outside and broke, in
disguised, masked and from ambush without previous
declaration of );is purpose or open proposition of his
intentions. Now he is inside and objects to being
hit unless he is served with formal notice of the blow
and the piece at which it is aimed.
It is for old-style Democrats to consider the situa
tion and say howlney like it ,
If Mr. Bryan were under contract to maintain a
situation that i< agreeable to Republicans he could
'not suit them better. Even their shortcomings will
not be believed when- he points them out, because he
has yelled "Wolf* so often when there was no wolf
that no attention is paid to him.
OUR CURRENT TOPICS CLUB.
ON Saturday The Call will begin the publication
of the series of papers announced under the
title, The Current Topics Club. The papers
are to take the place heretofore occupied in The Call
by the Home Circle Studies. They are designed tj
be equally as instructive and beneficial as the Home
Studies, and interesting to a larger circle of readers.
As the title of the series implies, they will deal with
matters of current, interest and will therefore be of
value to all who wish to keep posted on the events of
the time.
The series, with which the club begins deals with
"What the •Government Does for the People," and
on each successive Saturday there will be an article
treating of some important phase of that subject. The
Monday papers will treat of. "The Opportunity and
the Man"; those of Tuesday will describe "Colonial
Governments of .To-day — Their Strength and-Weak
ness"; on Wednesdays there will 'be a course of ar
ticles on "The Women's Club movement— 'What It 1 3
Doing"; the papers of Thursday will treat of "The
Art of Living a Hundred Years,", and on Fridays
there will be a series of descriptive articles on "Ameri-
can Life a Century Ago."
¦• The spring term of the club, which begins on Sat
urday, will continue for four months. While eacli
paper will be complete in itself, it will nevertheless
be more valuable and more interesting when taken in
connection with others of the series to which it be
longs, and consequently it is advisable for all persons
to start the course with the first number. AH'there
fore who intend to take the courses of reading pro
vided by the Current Topics Club should be sure lo
begin with that which appears on Saturday. __ ..
: W« remind our readers once more that each of the
various series is under the editorship "of- an authority
of high rank in the different lines of work taken up",
and each separate paper is to be prepared by a person
well qualified to treat of the subject. The course as
a whole will constitute a valuable addition to family
reading and will prove of great assistance in under
standing some of the most important factors involved
in the problems of the 6dy.
The Chinese dignitary who has been ordered by his
Government to commits suicide ought to be able to
contribute some pathetically eloquent; remarks upon
the general unfitness of practical jokers.. . . .
"I suppose," said the wife sarcastically,
"you've been sitting up with a sick friena
again?" :.^
"Well, yes; he certain was sick," replied
Jacksup.'
t "Indeed! "What's the complaint ?7
"He complained that we stacked tho
cards."— Catholic Standard and Times.
There was a young man who said that
He would work like a vinegar vat
If he found a soft place.
His friends said. hi* face.
He would find It ris.it under his hat.
— Chicago Record.
Markley— Yes; I'll dispose of my prop
erty In Swampsmere at a sacrifice. It
coat me S3 a foot.
Starkley— "What'll you sell for?
. Markley— I guess I'll have to sell fo»
about $1 oO a gallon. — Philadelphia Press.
Servant— Tls, sor. Mrs. " Bounce Is In.
What's yer name, sor? - ' v. •
Visitor— Professor Vanderspllnkenheim-
Servant— Och! Sure ye'd better go
roight In and take It wld ye.— Tlt-Blts.
. Mrs. Bertbam— Not on© woman In 9,
thousand marries the man she wants.
Benham — She don't want to marry tha
man she wants; she wants to marry the
man some other woman wants.— Brooklyn
LJfe. - v ,
Mrs. Housekeep— I suppose you want a
I piece of cake, too?
; Harvard Haaben— No, lady; but If
there's an old black suit of clothes about
the house I could use that. The poor fel
low you gave »he cake to yesterday -was
my brother.— Philadelphia Press.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
- - A i UHCO. *
• L.. F. Graham, a member of the executive committee of the Cured Fruit
Association of California, makes statements concerning the situation, of the
prune growers of the State which are certain to attract wide attention.' He
says that the prune production of the State irfthe year just closed was about
twice the maximum demand of the United States in former yeai-3. As a con
sequence there is still on hand in the State a bulk of prunes amounting; ap
proximately, to 100,000,000 pounds, worth something like J2.500.000. A. grave
problem now before the Cured Fruit Association is how to market these
prunes. . " '
Manifestly, says Mr. Graham, there are but two ways to proceed in Cali
fornia in the future in reference to prunes. The first, which no doubt in
expedient, 13 to reduce the production. The other way, which Is the one that
commends Itself to the judgment of the executive committee of the Cured
Fruit Association, is to Increase the demand sufficiently to make a market
for all the prunes that California produces.
The market has absorbed the maximum of • previous years already. It
will not" take the remainder of the crop now In California unless means ace
adopted to bring that about. Having indicated the seriousness of the situa
tion, Mr. Graham remarks that the executive committee is helpless, man
acled, unable to effect any great measure of relief under existing conditions.
He explains that money Is needed to gain the confidence of the Eastern
jobbers and their salesmen and the retailers and the ability of the market to
take more prunes. But, unfortunately, the executive committee cannot
spend a penny for advertising or In promoting the marketing of the crop. It
faces the fact that there Is a huge .bulk of prunes on hand, In which there Is
a large amount 6f money tied up, and. still remains helpless unless the mem
bers of the association find a way to p rovide the funds necessary for the
proper wprk in the East. It is manifestly unwise, so Mr. Graham thinks, to
cut the price and load up the Eastern market at low rates to the detriment
of the price for the next crop.. The Eastern dealer, naturally, is inclined
to take advantage of the necessity of California, producers to beat down the
price to a. point where the grower would meet with loss.
Having made this statement, Mr. Graham says that there is a way for the
association to provide the funds that are needed so badly. In fact, a meeting
of the Cured Fruit Association has been called and will take place in Saji
Jose on Thursday, February 21, the purpose of which is to consider an amend
ment of the. by-laws. An amendment has been drawn by an attorney and
this Is -now under discussion among the members of the association. This
does not enlarge the powers of the executive committee to borrow, but en
ables the committee to use money for the pressing and immediate needs of
the association to the amount necessary from, a fund which the committee
was originally authorized to raise by borrowing for the purpose of erecting
warehouses. The authorization to borrow extended to $200,000. The amend
ment does not Imply that the executive committee proposes to use $200,000 in
advertising and promotion, but only what is indispensable for the purpose in
view. ¦ • " ' ; ;.. ;"',".:¦ ¦ y i ¦¦ ¦'- ~ ¦'*¦
Mr. Graham says that he makes these explanations because there would
seem to be some misunderstanding in some quarters. To the meeting of the
21st lnst., therefore, the prune growers and their committee are looking for
ward with' much interest, as the property values at stake, both present and
prospective, are very large. ¦ '"? •-
The Executive Committee of the Association
Wrestles With Overproduction in •
Prunes. -
A FINANCIAL PROBLEM
FOR CURED FRUIT MEN
FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 15, .1901.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Ittrtti All CcascaieaticBi to W. 8. LEAEE, Xiaagtr.
M \\A<;i:n*J» -OFFICE Telephone
PIBLICATIOX OKKICI3 Market and Third. S. K.
Trlrphonp rrr<m i!Ol.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 in 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prean 2O2.
Delivered fcjr Carrier*. lTi Cfntm Prr Week.
Mnjjle Cop!***, 5 Cent".
Term* l>y Mail. Including I'ontasret
PAILT CALL (including Panrtay). on« year J8-M
DAIL.T CAIXi <lnrludlri(r Sunday). C months w ..'.... 3.00
r>AIUT CALI, (including- Sunday). 3 months 1.60
i^TLT CAI-I^— «y Single Month *&"¦
Ft'XPAT CALL. One Y*»sr 1-W
WEEKLY CALL. One Year l.«
All pOBdnaKtrm are nnlliorlzed to receive
¦abnorlptlonn.
Bair.rle copies will be forwarded when requested.
M*!l fubwrlNrs In craving chanpe- of adflr#*s should !«.
particular to rive l>oth JCKW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt ani correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 111S Brondwav
C. CP.OIKJK KHOGXESS.
i"ir»r*T Tcreifn Advertising. XmtfcetU Boildinj. CMesja.
(L«cng Distance Telephone '"Central 2613.")
KEW YORK COIUIESPONDEXT:
C. C. CAItLTOX j Herald Sgnare
XEW YORK REPRESHXTATIVE:
STEPIIE* II. SMITH ; 30 Tribune 11 o lid I n %
NHW TORK XEWS STAXDS:
WaJflorf-Axtoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square:
llurrar U& Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Phermaa House: P. O. Jfews Co.: Great Xorthern Hotel:
• Freraor.t House; Auditorium ' Hctel.
WASHI\GTOX (D. C> OFFICH. . . .1400 G St., X. W.
MOKTO.X E. CRANE, Correspondent.
nn 1XCII OKI'ICl-S— T»7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until *:"0 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 "o'clock. 633
McAJlister open until 9:30 o'clock. 615-Larkln. open until
»:50 o'clock, mi Mission, open until 10 o" clock. 261 Market,
ocrnrr Sixtwnth. open until 9 o'clock.- 1056 Valencia, epen
urtil S ©clock. IN! Eleventh, open until » o'clock. NW. cor
r.T Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
To have gone into the facts that are known tcrMr. Biggy and others would have
demonstrated why the charter made the Mayor an autocrat. It wouldhave revealed revo
lution of city government by conspiracy, to put*- in the Mayor's hands the power to
milk Chinatown into the Examiner's bucket. And it: would have shown that Phelan quit
trying to keep the compact only from compulsion and not from choice.
After detailing the extremes to which the Mayor went to keep his compact, Mr.
Biggy said: "When he threatened me beyond the limit of endurance I said to him:
'Mayor Phelan, if you insist upon the election of Esola as Chief of PoliceTthe people of
San Francisco will do everything to you except spit upon you in the streets, and if I
agree to do as you demand of me they will spit upon me. Every reputable interest iii the
city is opposed to this plot. It is a diabolical scheme, to milk the town.' "
That is what the committee'did not want to know about. That is the subject they let
the Mayor uncover and the Examiner cover up again. ••-...-"
So this witness, who knew the facts and in whose honor and truthfulness the whole
State places implicit confidence, was refused permission to traverse the Mayor's testimony,
and the committee flinched at its most important duty and fled from the scene of its
cowardly display of incompetence and subserviency.
After he left the stand Mr. Biggy said: "I wanted to prove to this committee that
Mayor Phelan .attempted to sell the Police Department of this city to the managing ed
itor of the Examiner, and when he swore he did not he committed perjury. I wanted to
prove that the chief executive of -San Francisco and the Examiner entered into a corrupt
bargain to use the police power of- -the city as an engine for private profit, and that in
this whole disgraceful, shameful affair Mayor Phelan has. been a liar o*ff the stand and a
perjurer on it." • ' . . .."
It will be seen that the plan was copied from Tammany methods. It became im
portant to know what compact the Mayor had with the Examiner and to what lengths he
went to keep it. There is one man who knows, and he is an honorable man. That man is
ex-Commissioner" and ex-Chief Biggy. He was a witness, but before his testimony was
taken this committee went into secret session with the Examiner representative and
agreed to prevent his testimony over the ground that Mayor Phelan had been permitted to
cover!
It will be seen that it was competent for the committee to traverse these statements
by the testimony of other witnesses. The Mayor's admissions demonstrated that the
great danger to police fidelity is not bribery in Chinatown, which may corrupt a few offi
cers of one squad, but the organization of the whole force as a blackmail machine to wink
at wickedness that pays, and backed by a subservient judiciary that will drive non-paying
vice out of town to increase the profits of the other kind.
Now there the whole subject was, opened by the 'committee. The Mayor said, under
oatli, that the "understanding" caused the Examiner to demand control of the Police and
Fire departments and also of the, judiciary of the cityf The first two it expected to
secure through the one-man power given to the Mayor in the charter; the last by his in
fluence in the party, conventions! And he would have consented" had. it not been for the
pressure brought to bear by the other papers! .
This issue is the most serious to which legislative attention can be directed. It far
transcends, any inquiry into the existence of vice in Chinatown. That fact is as 'well
known as the existence of Chinatown. Gambling, lottery, slavery, ar^allthere, mingled
indistinguishably in the malign pus of Asiatic life, planted' as ah exotic in a Western com
munity. An expression of surprise that they exist is an affectation. That they will pay
in heavy blackmail to officials for the privilege and profits of existence is equally well
known. In that these Asiatic vices are not alone. . • ',--¦ ' ¦
But the issue is, Who wanted to control the police force in order to be the tax-gath
erer on Chinese vice? ;
The committee considered this inquiry to be within its jurisdiction. When Mayor
Phelan was on the stand it permitted him to go into it at length. Pity it is that the frank'
ness of his statement was not equal to its length. •• .-;• ';
He admitted that the Examiner expected a substantial reward for its support of him
*by abusing everybody opposed to him. He admitted that he gave that paper a mortgage
upon himself when he entered politics, and that foreclosure was not attempted until the
ne\v charter was adopted. He admitted that he was expected to turn the Police Depart
ment over to the Examiner, and that he would have done so but for the opposition of the
other newspapers. But he denied that there was a "compact" to that effect, but admitted
that there was an "understanding-."
' Germane to the subject over which the committee had jurisdiction was the whole
subject of the political and newspaper influences which under the new charter may control
the police establishment of the city. Leading through that goes the proper inquiry as to
what use may be made of the force to bring profit to papers or power to politicians. The
issue raised is the whole question of a police force," independent and burdened by no obli
gation except its duty to the people, and with every man "in its ranks sure of his tenure as
long as that duty is discharged; or of. a force used as trading stock in politics, with its
control, given over to a newspaper manager to j^e used by him for offense and defense and
for his own profit wrung out' of the loss it may threaten others.
IHE legislative investigation of the police relations to the Chinese in this city came
to a close just at the edge of reliable revelations which would prove that the real
yellow peril of the city is the danger of a partnership between political ambition
and yellow journalism. .. • /
¦ The investigations so far carried on by this Legislature have done it small credit,
but this promises to reflect upon it, through 'its. committee, positive- discredit. . *
THE CITY 'S YELLOW PERIL.
President Diaz's Vacation.
I It augurs well for itie stability of things
down in, Mexico that President Diaz Is
coins' to- start off on' a tour of Europe,
leaving his duties as the practical dictator
in charge of one of his Ministers. That is
a privilege that is forbidden to the heads
of most republics, Including our own. Con
sidering: that President Diaz has had no
vacation since, he was first elected, a.
quarter of a century ago, he would seem
to be fairly entitled to this outing:.—Boa
ton Herald. vjV
Uncle Sam to Chip In.
The Secretary of the- Treasury has de
cided that St. I-cvuIs has raised the $10,
000,000 which entitles her to the $5,000,000
Congressional appropriation In aid of tho
Louisiana Purchase Exposition of IDOi.
This, then.' places $13,000,000 at the diapos it
of St. Louts to beyin with. She will need
much more, as Chicago did. if her expo
sition is to rise to the dignity of a great
International fafr, and we trust that alie,
like Chicane will, be equal to the emer
gency. The thin? for us to do now is to
help the St. Louis enterprise along-. After
all Is said St: Louis Is one of our most
substantial and deserving suburbs, and
whatever we do for ncr will redound in
the end to our advantage. — Chicago Inter
Ocean. / 'a •„ ;
Our Fighting Force.-
As reported to the Adjutant General at
Washington, the total available strength
of organized militia In the United State*
foots up 113, SS7 officers and men, about 85
per cent being infantrv. How allsrht a
proportion of the fighting strength of tho
republic . Is denoted in thl3 ser
vice is apparent from the return
to the Adjutant General's office o£
the unorganized available force — 10,
432,043 men. It Is apparent that in a sea
son of grave emergency the Government
would be enabled to set from 3.000,000 to
4,000.000 soldiers in the field without seri
ously embarrassing: the commercial and
Industrial demands of national existence.
No nation on earth can boast such enor
mous reserved military strength.—Phila
delphia Record. . ';j
Subversive Massachusetts.
Massachusetts keeps on doing unique
and exceptional things. Here It turns out
that the Legislature of that State passe-l
a statute that persons losing money in
stock gambling' transactions can recover
from the brokers who transacted tho
deals. To cap the climax. In a case wherj
two men sued to recover J16.00O lost In tliat
way, the Massachusetts court has heU
that the law means what it says. Thi.-*
looks like a staggering blow at the vested
interests. ¦"; ¦
If the Massachusetts rule were to oa
generally maintained the stock-broking
business would have to be confined to
those smooth gentry who levant or go into
bankruptcy when tho customers* money
is gone.- But as Massachusetts is not a
large State the practical effect will be- to
Induce the stock brokers to locate them
selves and their assets outside of ita
boundaries.— Plttsburg rsispatch.
The Great Postal Fraud.
Business men who seek better postal
facilities through a cheaper letter rate,
quicker deliveries, parcels malls, pneu
matic tube, service, an . enlarged distrib
uting plant or any of the betterments In
which our system is so conspicuously
lacking, ought to understand that they
will not get them by mere petitions to
CongTess. . They can get them only by
fighting the publishers*, ring, which throt
tles Congress. The crippling of the serv
ice In all departments, which causes It to
limp further and further behind in . the
international race, is due simply to the
second class mall fraud. Congress dares
not add to the existing deficiency annual
ly created by the carrying of book, peri
odical and advertising circular freight as
"mail." Consequently It abandons penny
letter postage, the parcels mail and tha
pneumatic tube system. So also it la
doubtful if it will extend the rural free
delivery system. Thus It keeps our serv
ice far behind that of Great Britain and
Germany at the behest of a number of
business concerns which, have combined
to make the Government bear tho freight
and express charges which other business
concerns bear for themselves. If the
merchants and manufacturers who want
new postofflce' buildings and an increased,
celerity in the handling of the mail la th«
old ones will take the second class mail
frauds by the throat and shake the Gov
ernment's misappropriated revenues out
of their garments they will get what they
want in one session of Congress. The
Postmaster General's and Postofflce Com
mittee reports have demonstrated this
over and over again. But by mere peti
tion they will get nothing 1 , for there Is
not enough to go round. And they will
deserve fust what they gret.— New York;
Press.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, iJEliKUAKY- 15, 1901.
LI HUNG CHANG IS WILLING
THE CARTOONIST OF THE ST. LOUIS GLOBE-DEMOCRAT PICTURES
THE REASON WHY THE WILY EARL MAKES NO OBJECTIONS TO
THE PAYMENT OF INDEMNITY. - ' ¦' .
AT HOTKL. DKt, COHOXADO the «*a»on Is
now on at full tide. American and Europnn
plan*." Best of even-thins;, Including the cna».
acter of entertainment. Apply 4 New Montsjm
ery «t., city, for special ticket.
•THEGQL.DEN GATE— S. E. G.. City:
The ' steamer ; Golden ¦ Oat© was destroyed
by fire 'July '27,. 1852, fifteen miles' from
Mnnzanillo and. four miles off shore. She
WILLS IN PENNSYLVANIA— J. H. C.
City. .There is no law in the State of
Pennsylvania which declares that a' per
son who has attained ' the , age of 75, it
mentally capable, shall not .bei permitted
to niake a will. A provision of the law in
that State says: "NoVwill shall' be ' effl :
clerit unless the testator were at' the time
of making the same * of the ase' of 21
yearn or upward." "...
6
Cal. glace fruit BOc per lb at Townsend's.*
Choice candles. To wnsend" b. Palace Hotal*
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar— "A Xlcht OB."
Tlvoli — "Neil Gwynne."
Central— "After Dark."
California— "IVoky 81iarr."
Aihambra — S^usa's* IW!. I.
<Ti>h»>um— Vaudeville.
Grand Oi>era-houfc — "1/Alel<^n."
Olyrerla. corr.t»r Mascn and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Th^atT— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
FiF.-hcr't— VauP.M-ni*.
Pfcorman-Clay Hall— Piano Kocltal this afternoon. *
Metrcjwilitcn Tonij'lp — ITfnsriiri Uerttal Sunday nl£ht.
California Jockey Club' (.Oakland)— Races.
* Ttnforan rark— Kaoes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Almost as good is Scott's
emulsion of cod-liver oil, in-
stead of vacation. With it is
better yet I the doctor is right.
We'll tend you A little to try, I! you like.
SCOTT & DOWN t, 409 Ttail meet. New York.
If you have money and lei-
sure, take a' vacation ; the doc-
tor calls it "a change." Which
is good.
When you find yourself say*
ing: "pretty well; thank you,
but not very strong ;'* you are
likely to be, as you say, "pretty
well ;" but getting no good o£
your food.
HOW DO YOU DO?
It Is commonly believed among the peas-
antry in the Ural Mountains that for a
wolf to see a man before the man sees
the wolf is an omen that he will b& struck
dumb, and so remain as long as the wol£
lives.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 519 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Mala 1042. •"WHEN ITE HAD THREATENED ME PAST THE LIMIT OF ENDURANCE, I SAID TO HIM: 'MAYOR PHE
LAN, IF YOU INSIST UPON THE ELECTION OF ESOLA AS CHIEF OF POLICE THE PEOPLE OF SAN FRANCIS
CO WILL DO EVERYTHING TO YOU EXCEPT SPIT UPON YOU IN THE STREETS. AND IF I AGREE TO DO AS
YOU DEMAND OF ME THEY WILL SPIT UPON ME. EVERY REPUTABLE INTEREST IN THE CITY IS OP
POSED TO THIS PLOT. IT IS A DIABOLICAL SCHEME TO MILK THE TOWN. 1 "-EX-POLICE COMMISSIONER
W. J. BIGGY IN AN INTERVIEW.
Popular Programme by Senschels.
An enthusiastic house greeted the Hen
schels last night at " their sixth
recital at Metropolitan Temple. In addi
tion to the many favorite numbers among
the well known song classics some choice
novelties were included "in ' the pro
gramme,' and the favorite singers were
heard at their best. An announcement
extraordinary was made by the rftanage
raent of a popular recital to be given on
Sunday ' evening next at popular prices.
Favorite ballads and the lighter classics
will be given, and all song-lovers will b«
glad to hear of this further opportunity
of enjoying the fine and exquisitely fin
ished art of these clever singers.
ST. PATRICK'S DAY
CELEBRATION
Programme of Exercises Ar
rangd at Meeting of
Committee.
Entertainment at Central Thea
ter and Evening's Amuse
ment at Pavilion.
Celebration . to Consist of Afternoon
The executive committe eo* the "St. Pat
rick's day celebration committee met lart
evening at Hlbernia Hail, 120 Ninthstreet,
for the purpose of arranging- the. details
of the celebration, .to.. be reported next
Sunday at the meeting of the general
committee. •
Those present last -night were Messrs.
McGrath, J. H. Murphy. J. Kenny, A. K.
Shepston, A. Conklin, O. Dowd. M. Kel
leher, Cline, Doyle, Heenan, Philgate, E.
McGettigan, Rev. Father Conway and
Mrs. Mulvehill. Mr. •Heenan called the
meeting to order and the reports of the
various sub-committees were presented
and accepted.
It was decided that the celebration
should be divided Into an afternoon and
evening entertainment. The afternoon en
tertainment ia to consist of the produc
tion of an Irish play at the Central The
ater; the reading of poems, recitations,
singing and an oration, .the oratorio t>e
selected at next Sunday's meeting of tho
general committee.
The prices of. admission to .the theater
were fixed by the executive committee at
50. cents. The boxes will be sold at auction
on Sunday afternoon, February 24, at 2
o'clock at the Knights' of the Red Branch
Hall on Mission street. ¦ •
The evening -entertainment will take
place at the Mechanics' Pavilion and will
consist of singing, or Irish airs, recita
tions, readings, illuminated lectures and
a dance. Considerable discussion was
held as to the advisability of having danc
ing, but the matter was decided by a vote-
It was also decided to engage the ser
vices of two Irish pipers for the evening's
entertainment. . •'
The executive committee also decided to
issue invitations for the two entertain
ments and limited them to the Catholic
clergy of the city, tho puess and munici
pal officers. J. Kenny was appointed to
auction off the boxes for' the afternoon
entertainment at the. Central Theater;
Messrs. Kenny. and Shupston and Mrs.
Mulvehill were appointed a committee to
decide on the play to be presented ;
Messrs. Kenny, Philgate and McGrath
were appointed to supervise the sale and
collection of tickets, and- Messrs. Cllne
and Glenning were appointed as floor man
agers of the dance, which will end. tha
evenlng'sentertainment at the Mechanics'
Pavilion. The executive committee dj
clded that part of the official programme
will be the singing of "God Sa,ve Ireland"
and "The Star-Spanglod Banner."
,-- Just received a carload of Nevada'Pota
toes. Gotelli& Dumbrell. 2815 California*
Pope Puts in Sis Defense.
Gus Pope, the engineer," who was
charged [ with assaulting Harry Arm
brust, an insurance solicitor, ¦ with . a re
revolver because ho was jealous, of Arm
brust's attentions to his wife, who lives at
5 Congress street, had his preliminary ex
amination .before Judge Cabaniss . yester
day afternoon. Pope did not deny. the as
sault,'but claimed that he used a monkey
wrench., not a. revolver, and also pleaded
Justification, The Judge will render his
decision this mornlngr.
Southern Pacific Promotions.
The following changes have been made
In the freight department of the South
ern Pacific, to take place to-day:
C. J. Jones Is appointed district freight and
passenger agr-nt, ovlth headquarters at Sacra
rnento. Cal.. ln *• hnrg-e of • territory north of
Racrampnto (Inclusive), south of Ashland. Or.,
and west of Wadsworth. Xev.^ Including Pla
cM-rtlle branch. He will report to the gen
eral freight agent and general passenger
appnt respectively.
E. H. Prentice, hitherto district freight
»KTit, Is appointed district freight and pas
kt.kt agent, with headquarters at San Fran
cisco, in charge of western division north and
west Of San Jo»e, Tracy, Lathrop and Stock
ton. Including Amador and Lodl branches.
T. A. Graham, district freight and passenger
njrent. headquartrni at San Jose. Cal.. will
hereafter have Jurisdiction on Coast division
south of Fan Francisco and Oakland and north
of Santa Barbara.
Xast Godowski Recital.
The last GodowBky recital will be given,
this afternoon. at Sherman-Clay Hall at
3:15 o'clock, and according to box office
indications tho town appears to have sud
denly discovered that the artist has ar
rived. If Godowsky were here for a week
longer he would crowd any house in the
city, aa he • is undoubtedly In the very
first and foremost rank among pianists,
in some directions absolutely unique. The
programme for the afternoon will be:
Prelude and Fugue, op. 55, E minor ,>.
...Mendelssohn
rcntasle, op. 17 (two movements) .... Schumann
Bbllet music from "Alceste"
; .....Gluck-Satnt-Saens
Impromptu, F sharp. \
Berceuse, - I
Scherzo, C sharp minor, \ Chopin
Audante' Spianato and- Polona-lse, I .
op. 22. . • - J
Variations on a theme by Paganlnl.... Brahms
Paraphrase on Chopin Rtudies......... Godowsky
(a) Op. 10, No. 9 F minor in C sharp minor.
<b) Op. 25, No. 5, as a mazurka.
<c) Op.- 25, No. 4, as a polonaise. I v
(d) Op. 10, No. 6. a flat (black keys).
(e) Op. io, No. 6, A major (mlaed- keys).
(f) Op. 10, No. 6. A minor (white keys* aa
a tarantelle.
FALLS HEIB TO FOBTTTNE .
AND DESERTS HIS WIFE
| H. B. Patterson Finds His Helpmeet
Too Humble to Enjoy His In
herited Wealth.
Suit has been instituted by Lettle Pat
terson against H. R. Patterson, the well
known shipping agent, for maintenance.
In her complaint she alleges that she'waa
married to Patterson at Berkeley • on
Christmas eve, 1837. and that lftlDecem
ber last he deserted her in the hope that
she would bring suit for a divorce. His
indifference toward her. it is alleged, did
not arise until after he had gained pos
session of an estate to which he fell heir
and then he began to find fault with tho
humble origin of his wife. The suit is to
recover alimony to tho amount of $150 a
month for the support of herselX and
child, a girl two years of age.
Sullivan & Sullivan, Mrs. Patterson's
attorneys, appeared in Judge Murasky's
court yesterday and requested that Pat
terson be restrained from . withdrawing
his deposits from the banks and disposing
of his real estate ln order to defeat Jils
wife's claims. It was alleged' that ho
threatened to do this, 1 The necessary or
der restraining him from concealing hla
property was granted, pending the deter
mination of the action.
COLONEL MAUS INSPECTS. \
. NEW INFANTRY REGIMENTS
"Rookies" After Parading and Drill
• ing for Three Hours Adjudged
Good Soldiers.
The inspection of the Twenty-seventh
Regiment of Infantry, Second Provisional
Battalion, postponed on account of . the
wet weather, was held: ' yesterday at the
Presidio, Colonel Maus, inspector general.
Department of California, performing the
duties of inspecting officer. The men were
paraded and drilled in heavy marching: or-,
der and made a favorable impression upon
the officers witnessing the inspection. The
First and Second Provisional battalions,
forming the nucleus of. the Twenty-sixth
and Twenty-seventh Infantry regiments,
were the •first, bodies of men to be organ
ized under the provisions of the new army
bill, and though the men have only been
under instructions for a period of five
weeks army officers ,' consider them far
enoug-h advanced: in military tactics . to
form the nucleus .of two good- regiments.
They sail on the Sheridan, February 1G,
for Manila* to replace the volunteers-or-
dered home. ¦ ¦.
The Third Provisional Battalion Is
gradually --being" -raised 1 to a strength of
600 men, the number called for by army
orders.' Yesterday sixty-two recruits were
sent to report . to , Captain Hardln, com
mander of :the! battalion,: who, with the
aid of , Lieutenant ; Rethers, adjutant,* is
getting the "rookies" Into shape.
Lieutenant -Robert A, Caldwell, • F6rty
second Infantry, U. S. V., has been as
signed to duty with the casuals under
Major Lockwood. • ¦ l • .
Acting Assistant Surgaons - Edgar "W.
Miller, Joseph : W. Love, Robert W. End
trs, James H. McCall and Frederick < H.
Mills have been ordered -to Manila on the
transport Sheridan."*; - '
¦¦ Fred ~ Lanse,"&'a?sretlred ordnance ser
; geant, who; haB^ been* residing .near, the
Presidio since; his retirement, died yester
day at the GeneraljHoBpital.-: >- . : ¦
I Lieutenant* George >; 8.*: Gibba Jr., U.- S.
V., has been 5 asairled' tor the command of
the signal corps • detachment at Fort Mc-
Dowell, '"¦ii.-j"-^'' -¦"¦/**:.••' .•¦;.' ' . "•-;'¦¦- -..¦¦
Captain Joseph 'C.'.Cestner, Fourth Cav
alry, has been ordered to duty at the San
Francisco array recruiting office. .¦¦ .
The investigation into the values of the
Spring Valley Water Works last night by
the Board of Supervisors developed the
important fact that, in spite. of the reduc
tion made in the water rates in successive
years, tho revenue of the company has
not sensibly diminished, talcing into con
sideration the increase in- the number of
consumers. Chief Engineer Schussler was
on the stand during the entire session in
an endeavor to justify his' high estimate
of the actual value of the plant which
he has placed at $40,231,750. Schussler was
closely questioned by Supervisor Reed,
who acted as chief inquisitor in an en
deavor to have him reduce his estimates,
but Schussler would not be shaken anfl
clung tenaciously to his figures, which he
said had been based on reports of ex
perts.
Reed read excerpts from the statements
filed by the company regarding'thelr reve
nue. He contended that the supposed re
duction effected 'in last year's rate which
the company -had placed at $150,000 less*
than the previous year did not exist, but
that in reality there was an increase of
about $400. Reed then read the revenues
for the last ten years, which showed that
in spite of the reduction made year by
year the mean revenue remains practic
ally the same. In 1890-91 the revenue was
$1,573,93010: 1891-2. $1,657.755 57: 1892-3, $1.
fe73.f.2O28: 2S33-4 $1,670.793 08; '1894-5, $1,6S3,
602 JO; 1895-6. ?l,750,874 85; 1896-7, $1,805,
285 59; 1S97-8.$1.',O1,8O3 19; 1SS8-9. $1,875,082 37;
1S99-1.W0, $1,950,286 88; 1900-01. $1,875,49U 56.
Reed held that Schussler had no
right to "include ln.his estimate the cost
of water rights yet to be acquired, and
no right to include in his estimate the cost
of waret rights yet to be acquired, and
that BUch' items would reduce Schussler's
estimate by $4,tt)0,000. The item of $25)3,
000 to furnish riparian owners with water
from Niles Creek Schussler explained by
saying that the figures represented what
the company would get for the water if
it were sold to consumers. Reed held that
the company h«id no right to charge for
something which was owned by other par
ties. . .
Reed drew attentldn to the discrepancy
in Schussler's estimate and that of Sec
retary Ames, -who had figured. it at $26.
245,095 66. When Schussler reiterated his
statement that the actual cost of the
plant was greater than the par value of
the stocks ami bonds Reed pointed tri
umphantly to the fact that the latter are
worth $26,750,000, or $400,000 more than
Ames' estimate. Schussler said there was
no discrepancy, as" he had arrived «.t his
conclusions by different methods. Ames
came to his rescue by saying that He
might have skipped some things. Re
ferring to the item of .';950 acres of reser
voir sites at $1500 an acre, Schussler said
that the high valuation was due to the
land being specially adapted- for reservoir
sites and the property had increased ln
value singe 18S?. when tt was first bought.
Supervisors Wrestle With
Figures in the Water
/ Investigation.
RATES DO NOT
AFFECT INCOME
Wedding bells rang 1 yesterday for two
well-known professional people, John P.
Wilson, press agent of the Tivoli Theater,
and Miss Annie Schaetz, who were wedded
in Oakland. The ceremony, which was
very 3imple, in accordance with the
wishes of both Mr. and Mrs. Wilson, took
place in the Hotel Metropoie and was per
formed by. Judge Hebbard of this city.
Ihe witnesses as the happy couple entered
into the bonds. of matrimony were County
Clerk Frank Jordan of Oakland "and his
deputy, Ray Baker.
When the ceremony -was over Mr. and
Mrs. Wilson, the Judge and the -witnesses
crossed the bay and went to the Lick
Houb*6, where there was 1 a dinner, at
which numerous toasts were drunk to the
bride and groom, with wishes tot all happl
nesB possible.
Mr. Wilson is one of the best known men
in the theatrical line in this State. Ho
sang some years in the chorus at the
Tivoli with success and gained local fame
among tho members of the profession by
his skill and wit in the writing of topical
songs and funny gags for the Tivoli stage.
Some months ago he assumed the position
of press agent of the Tivoli. ¦ .
-Mrs. Wilson was formerly a resident of
San Diego. Possessing a fine contralto
voice, she became known as a singer and
adopted music as a profession. She i3
known to musical people in all parts of
the State, having often sung in public.
The congratulations of the profession will
be freely extended to Mr. and Mrs. Wil
son. • ' • ;'¦¦',':•
The engagement of M1b3 Wanda Shirek,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. A. Shirek, to
Dr. Sol Charles Mish of this city is an
nounced. The young lady is a favorite in
local society circles and is a most accom
plished musician and artist. Dr. Mish is
a .native son of California and is promi
nent in the medical profession. He is a
member of the various State and county
medical societies.
The engaged couple will receive their
friends next Sunday afternoon and on the
following Thursday afternoon at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. Shirek, 1S16 Wash
ington' street.
John P. Wilson of Tivoli
Weds Annie Schaetz of
San Diego.
PRESS AGENT
NOW A BENEDICT
The first emigrant train that left Chi
cago last Tuesday, filled with prospective
settlers for California, should arrive in
San Francisco this afternoon. Word was
received yesterday in the railroad build
ing from the different Eastern' railroads
stating the number of cars . filled with
emigrants they bad turned over at Ogden.
This will be the first excursion of its
kind ever Undertaken by the Southern
Pacific and it is a direct sign of President
Hays" progressiveneps. This emigrant
travel has not yet been thoroughly adver
tised in the East, yet the first excursion
Is a great success.
The Denver and* Rio Grande official*
wired the Southern Pacific Company yes
terday that they had twelve cars filled,
with emigrants traveling to San Fran
cisco. With the big showing that' the Rio
Grande makes on the first day it is ex
pected that this emigrant travel to the
coast will be enormous before the end of
T™e Southern Pacific Company will this
month circulate throughout the Eastern
States an enormous quantity of literature
in reference to the products of California.
The books will be sent out in different
series and each volume will contain a de
scription of a different county ln Califor
nia, The books are beautifully printed
and are profusely illustrated with half
tone pictures. . ¦ • '
President Hays, though still in New
York, is in constant communication with
the officers of the Southern Pacific. Tele
g'ams are received nearly every hour in
the day. Hays is not expected back for
over two weeks.-' H. E, Huntington is
also ln New York. He is expected to re
turn to the coast in about a month.
General Passenger Traffic Manager E.
O. McCormick. accompanied by his secre
tary, George Gardiner, left last evening
for Chicago. " McCortnick goes East as
the representative of the Southern .Pacific
at the meeting of the Transcontinental
Passenger Traffic Managers. The session
will open Tuesday. On that day the Ep
worth League business will be discussed
and on the following day arrangements
will be made for the transportation of dis
; charged soldiers.
Fourtien Cars With "Pros
pective Settlers Coming
to This City.
EMIGRANTS NEAR
CALIFORNIA LINE
If the various BoarSs of Trade of Cali
fornia would manifest the same energy
in exploiting the resources of California
with the world at large as shown by
some of the Eastern railways there would
toon be a marked increase ln immigration
and tourist travel to the coast would be
largely augmented. Mr. George H. Dan
iels, general passenger agent of the New
York Central and Hudson River Railroad
Company, has shown an interest in Cali
fornia by advertising our resources in
Eastern magazines and papers and other
wise wherever the advertising folders of
the company are sent. . These are to be
found in every leading hotel and every
railway station in the United States and
Canada and at many of the- leading rail
way stations in Great Britain and the
Continent.
Because of the generous praise accorded
California and her institutions and the
wide distribution this class of publicity
cannot fail to be of inestimable value.
Excerpts from the 40-page illustrated
catalogue issued by the N. Y. C and li
lt. R. R. Co. make interesting reading and
show what an enterprising advertising
department connected with an Eastern
railway is doing for California.
Of the State at large the booklet says:
"A laxid of fruits ajid liowers." Califor
nia aftords every variety of scenery and
climate; abounds la mountains, lakes, riv
crs and forests. Every American should
know something aU>ut it. The air is pure
«m*}d bracing, and the sun shines most all
the lime. No January ice. February
snows, or bleak March winds. "A delight
from beginning to end."
For an Eastern pt-rton there Is nothing
quite so enjoyable as a winter on the Pa
cific Coast, that country being delightful
during the winter months from Southern
California to Seattle. "And the wllder
• cess shall blossom as the rose."
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Is a remarkable iHustration of the above
prophecy, and persons who have not eeen
it for a few years will be astonished at
its wonderful growth.
THE ROSES OF SANTA BARBARA.
Nowhere in the world are the. roses more
beautiful or more plentiful than at Santa
Barbcra in the winter. The winter aspect
fhowe roses ln place of snow, and the
wealth of roses and other flowers tells the
t-tory of the winter climate.
THE OLD MISSION AT SAJsTA. BAR
BARA.
To every lover of romance, to every ad
mirer of the Quaint architecture -of the
old California missions, to every person
interested ln the early- history of the
United States, a visit to this mission is
well worth the time and the cost of a trip
from New York or Boston.
THE DRIVE UP MOUNT HAMILTON
Is one of the most delightful mountain
drives in America. A famous astronomer
has said that from the top of Mount Ham
ilton, California, more of the earth's sur
face can be seen than from any other spot
in the world. You climb the mountain on
¦m. perfect grade and pa- c s beautiful gar
dens on the way.
THIS LICK OBSEEVATOnr.'
Most celebrated of all the American ob
servatories is the "Lick" on Mount Ham
ilton, California, which Is at once tho
tomb of and a monument to the public-
Fpiritednc-ss cf one of tlie most famous
pioneers of California. It can be. reached
in a little more than four days from New
York or Boston by the through trains of
the New York Central lines.
SEA BATHING ALL WINTER.
In Southern California one can bathe in
the Pacific Ocean every day, and yet the
air is bracing. Just the place for those
who don't feel well and want something
to brace them up.
THE EIGHTEEN-MILE DRIVE. .
Whoever has not taken this wonderful
<Srive frcm the Del Monte at Monterey,
CbL. has missed an experience that should
be enjoyed by every American and by
every foreigner who visits America. There
is nothing quite like it anywhere on the
earth.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS. CALIFORNIA.
The trip up Mount Tamalpais from San
Francisco can be made in ten hours, and
Is one of the most Interesting- short trips
on the Pacific Coast. From the top of
this great mountain San Rafael, San
Francipco and the bay lie at your feet.
A similar line of advertising has also
been scattered broadcast bv A. J. Smith
general pasFrnfcer agent of the Lake
Shore and Michigan Southern Railway,
tnd O. \\\ Ruggles of the Michigan South
ern.
The New York Central Railway system.
comprising over eleven thousand miles of
.mad east cf St. Louis and Chicago, Is on©
iff the mon completely equipped railway
organizations In the world. Its trains are
the fastest, its representatives always
courteous and accommodating and its
management broad enough to see the
value of giving wide publicity to distant
localities, evr-n thouRh by po doing rival
lines may reap substantial benefits.
A copy of the booklet sent out by the
company will be sent free to any address
on receipt of a two-cent stamp. The
•sleepers used on the New York Central
lines are
THE NEW PULLMANS.
Some cf the most beautiful Bleeping and
parlor cars ever built by the Pullman
Company are being- placed in sen-ice on
the New -York Central lines. They are of
the most modern type, with every "possible
convenience, and are as elegant as a car
c*n well be. For a copy of "The Luxury
• if Modern Railway Travel" send a poet
spe stamp- to -Genrpe H. Daniels, Grand
<"fnfraJ Station, New York.
Railway Folders and Booklets Tell
of Our Wonderful Scenery and
: Unrivaled Climate.
Advertising the State.
* —
Th.z New York Central Bail-way Com
pany an Important Factor in
California ¦ Advertised in
Leading Papers and
Magazines.
HOW OTHERS
TRY TO HELP US
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.Ii, FRIDAY, FEBRTJART 15, 1901.
THE MILKING OF CHINATOWN.
• •
7
aaGaflflBBflflBBBBBBBBflBBasaBBflflBBBBBBBflflflgiBBB!
Hfv; r " ¦¦•¦"• .• ¦ ¦• • ' -- ¦•• ' " ¦-' ¦ ," •-¦". • •-•*-
H ' ' ' ' ' *
I Last Week ft
3 THE GREATEST JACKET BARGAINS OF THE
h YEAR— A few left in sizes 36 to 42, former prices
S $J0 and .$12.50, now. $3.50 and S5.00
B &§& THIS SEASOiN-S KESSEY JACKETS- All ec - A
S &L&P silk lined, _ were 512.50, now OO.DU
¦ ™ s SEASON'S AUTO JACKETS-EIegant CIA AA
9 lm$\ Kerseys, fine satin lined, were 5 18, now... v&lv.UU
m ShIm THIS SEASON'S LONG AUTO CO ATS-AH cc a
S WJ^^P Satln Iined * were ?27# 5°« now •••••
¦ IQf TAILOR-MADE DRESSES.
g . iPp ™S SEASON'S HEAVY CLOTH TAILOR-MADE
m ms£ ¦ DRESSES-Silk-lined jackets, were $i3, c - - n
n twizm ¦¦'.' now O/.OU
THIS SEASON'S FINE TAILOR-MADE DRESSES—
Blouse or jacket effects, all colors, were-^ (/ > **
$20, now. ......V $10.00
< A few of THIS SEASON'S ELEGANT TAILOR-MADE
& DRESSES remaining— Fine cloths, blacks c ~~ _ A
w m and colors, former prices $30 to J35, now <>*JL»3\)
COUNTRY- ORDERS CAREFULLY FILLED, "
f^~8 #' /?9) +* /*
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ Bnaaa
Apvestiskwehtcs.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AFTER THE CRIP
I to a-roid further illness, the system requires I
careful bnildinz up. A cup of hot beef tea I
twice doling the day between meals, and |
. before retiring, made from the well knowa j
I COMPANY'S EXTRACT I
OF BEEF.
will bnild up yonr strenRth wonderfnny.
Jt reqniras no effort to digest, and its ef-
fects are most soothing and stimulating to
the system. ¦ ¦ • • • ]_^^^^
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND' OPERA HOUSE
rn&TAl? at 8 O'CLOCK SHARP.
2^SS' O^?? ARX * co - WALTER
M0R0SCO Announce the Farewell
a , . . .Appearance in This City of
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT
AND
M. COQUELIN,
Under the Direction of MR. MAURICE .GRAU.
LAST TWO MIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE TO-MORROW OK
SUNDAY EVENING.
"PHBDRE" and
"LES PRECIBUSES RIDICULES"
REPERTOIRE FOR NEXT WEEK.
Monday, "La Tosca": Tuesday erenlng and
Wednesday matinee, "La Dame aux Ca-
melias"; "Wednesday, Thursday and Friday
evenings, "Cyrano de Bergerac"; Saturday
matinee, "Phedre" and "Les Precleuses Ridi-
cules"; Saturday erenlnjr. Farewell night. Third
act of "Cyrano de Berjferae," Third act of
"La Tosca." Monologue by M. Coquelln. Last
two acts of "La Dame aux Camellas."
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT and M.
COQUELIN 'Will Appear at Every
Performance.
Seats on Sale for Every Performance,
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
B ¦ w R4* It». b *?
SECOND WEEK— BIG HIT!
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SAT. AT I
THE PASTORAL HITl
¦mi r^T" tt
GWYNNE !
TUESDAY, Feb. 19— "EAGLES* NIGHT."
Monday. Feb. IS— WIZARD OF THE NILE.
With "HOOT MON" WHEELA.V.
POPULAR PRICES 23 and SO cenU
Telephone — Bush 9.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
19C0— WINTER MEETING— 1301.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
FER 11 TO FEB. 13. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day. -,', 4
Races start at ?:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
l£'30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping* at the entrance t > the
track. . Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and th:ir escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains vu
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land.- Also all trains via. Alameda mole con-
r.ect with San* Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth '
• cd Broadway.. Oakland. These electric oars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15 and,
4:45 p. m. and 'immediately after- the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
CHUTES AND_ZOO £ft£j~|
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL!
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON.
JUVENILE PERFORMERS* MATINEE
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
MONSTER CAKEWALK.
Telephone for 'Seats, Park 23.
THE HENSCHELS
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING.
POPULAR PRICES-POPULAR PROGRAMME
Reserved Seats 50c, 75c. )1. ¦ Seats now on sal*
at Sherman. Clay <fc Co>'». gutter and Kearny.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL
/" THIS AFTERNOON AT 3:15.
LAST RECITAL OF
- GODOWSKY, the Great Pianist.
Reserved Seats— 12, }1 SO mod Jl. On sale at
Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
D 1 1 I PC Thcse h ? teIs pos "
rALAUt " ss t the attribut »
, that tourists and
Jjnn • travelers appreciate.-
QIIU — ccntraJ locatipn,
PPAK1R liberal manage-
UllAlwU ment, modern ap~
linTri O point ment s and
HU I tLb, Cj^'^t
SSII FranCiSCO. ropean plans.
tiFAVORITE
SCRIPTION
DDTTCUI7Q roR barbers-, bak-
lillUDllJuW e " s - tootblaoks, bath-
*^ , houses, billiard Ubles;
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, eanners.
dyers, HounnlHs. foundriej. laundries, paper-
hangers, printer*, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS. gg|
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
AMUSEMENTS. : v--
- LAST THREE PERFORMANCES OF
MRS. FISKE
"BECKY SHARP."
ONLY MATINEE TO-MORROW. SATURDAY
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON,
The Great Scenic Sensation,
"THE WAIFS OF NEW YO8K."
Resumption of our Former Popular Price*.
SPECIAL !
The 'World's Distinguished VIOLINIST.
LEONORA JACKSON
IN TWO RECITALS— Monday Afternoon, Feb.
18. and Wednesday Afternoon, Feb, 20.
Assisted by MISS JOSEPHINE ELBURXA.
Soprano, and MR. SEtOE.V FR^.TT,
Accompanist.
PRICES-U 60, %l and EOc. Beats Now on
Sale at the Box Office of the California
Theater. ¦ '- '
A Bill Guaranteed to Please Everybody.
IDALENE COTTON AND NICK LONG.
DOROTHY STUDEBAKER, GEORGE!
. AUSTIN MOORE. : MURRAY AND LANE.
KATHRYN OSTERMAN. LIZZIE AND
1 ' VINIE DALY. EMPIRE CITY QUARTET.
GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH. .
LAST WEEK OF
THE NINE NELSONS.
Reeerved seats. 23c: balcony. 10c: opera chairs
and box seats, 50c
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
tmtmurritAu
' . —Phone Bcruth 833—
TO-NIGHT, Saturday and Sunday Evenings,
MATINEE SATURDAY . AND ' SUNDAY.
Wm. A. Brady's Famous Success, ' "I- : • :
AFTER DARK.
CV3VZ 'The London dock scene with real
OLL water, boats, etc., the tunnel «cene
with the "Flying Scotchman" and the muslo
hall scene. Introducing specialties, boxing
matches, etc. A GREAT PRODUCTION.
DDIPCC Evenings .....10c, 156. *5c. J3o, Mo
rnitC3 Matinees 10c._16c,_2Sc
' Next Monday— TRe Great Comedy ""Drama.
••CH1MMIE FADDEN." • See th« Bowery Boy,
Chlmmle Fadden. -
SPECIAL— WAGNER PROGRAMME
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:30.
~~T TO-NIGHT f\T «3:3O )'
POPULAR CONCERT -g^
TO-MORROW. "SATURDAY." • JT;
SOUSA
NIGHT. — «ES*-
MACDONOUGH THEATER. OAKLAND.—
Sunday evening, February 17, Special— SOUSA
NIGHT.
Next Sunday Afternoon. Feb. 17— "Uncle Josh
Spruceby." Usual Alhaiabra Popular Prices.
THE BIG FUN SHOW.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.'
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
NIGHT BHIGHTEST
OFF! _ C0MEDT
Next Weelt-"WHAT HAPPENED TO' .
. JON*ES." ...
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK.
Continuous Racing. Beginning Monday. Feb-.
• ruary 11. 1SO1-
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAY.
Six Stake Events. Three Hurdle ¦ Races and
Six Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OF THK DAY AT MO . P. M.
' Trains leave Third and Townsend street* for
Tanforan P*rk at 7. 10:40. =U:» «. m.. 1. l:-to
and ' S -o: m. Trains leave Tanforan Park for
gan-Franciseo at,4:15 p. m.. followed after the
last race at Interval* of a few. minutes by sev-
eral ; t m-clals. Beats In , rear k-ars reserved for
ladies nnd their escort*. Admission to course.
Including railroad fare. SI S3.-- " •
- Z--.r ¦ MILTON 6. LATHAM. Secretory.
EDWARD POWERS. , Racing Secretary. ¦ '
FISCHER'S concert house.
riOOniinO . Admission lOc.
LA MONT JUVENILE CO. and Fairy Ballet.
Fred and Mrs. Georgle Cooper, ¦ All Zada, Sue
Earl, John Whalen, Lillian Levey . and the
Marcos.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
JTt\«is taken tl\e place
1 of I Olive Oil :'&i&&&;B
where nice distinction* aremade.^
visit OR- -JORDAN'S qrcat ( >
SSEUr OF ANATOMY
h 10Bl«A23TS».Ut.Wi*7ta,C.r.Cd.i >
_ ' The Largest AMtooicsl Museum ia tl*e
L^ World. WcfcknetMt or ' any contracted ' I
Sa discue peeMi«ely cured by the oldsit '
3fl bpccuXitrutbc Coast. Bst 36 yav». . . 1 I
f 1 OR- JQRDAK-PRftATS DISEASES*?
B|S - Cawultatlon tno grid strktly prhrste. \
f| Titument personally or by letter. A B
3 O /to.ttM CVr« In every case undertaken. •. ' T
lle» Write for Book. PQlLOIIOPaVvV A
II V S4VBUOK, MAILKO »SS. !Af
It, ' valuable book for men J ¦ >
IOROAN A V., 1051 Market 8t,a F. f
E3AJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1;8A (JRJEAT :¦ BESfOKATX VE. : IN ViGOftA-
tor. and Nervine." v.-
- ¦ The most ' wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for I both I sexes.
¦ Til* Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. . Soils oh Its own merits.
" -..¦<*NABER,VALFS ft BRUNB. ¦ Agents, .
123 Market it; S. F. - (Send for Circulars.) :
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM ;
of railroads. .
Office, 'SO Montgomery street *
®VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
.have been in uie over - fifty
years by the leaders' of tha
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
wont cases ln old and youn?
arising' from effects of . self-
abune. dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency, I Lo* t
Pouter, Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Ujifltness to Mar*
ty. Loss of 8*men. mm j^ Varicocele or Con-
Impart vigor and CEHTS po tencj» to every
function. Don't get despondent : a cure is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates -the brain and nerve centers; 60c a
box: « for *i B0 by mall. A wrltten-guarantee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxen. Circulars
f?ee. AddW.-BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 BUI.
s". 8an Francisco, Cal:. GRANT DRUG CO.,
i$ and 40 Third st. - .
MUNYON'S INHALER
Jjggt ., CURES
£M^m CATARRH
Colds, Coughs,
Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Asthma
and all Diseases
of the Throat
and Lungs.
Cloudi of Medicated Vapor are inhaled through
the mouth and emitted from the nostriU, cleans,
ing and vaporizine all the inflamed and diseased
parts which cannot be reached by medicine taken
into the stomach. 5*<- •• .
. It reaches thesor.e tmots— heals the raw places
—goes to the seatof disease- acts as abalmand
tonie to the whole syrtem-tl.OO atdrucqists or
lumail* Munyon, NewYorkandFhilaaelph,iCk*
ADVEETISZMZ1TTS.
t Bill
¦i M fO Bel •
i — a Room
gag . , | -n
; |^^.atgfo1 mlrror> J
\ '^^ -y ,i i - -, lit T h It 1.
f!^- ¦ i\ «l ¦ > »\ only one
I •- :.-:-\ <^r^»V|jrt^?^ ! ' hundred.
Furniture and Carpets
We can fare you meney. Let
us ?FtImatc on complete house-
• ?urnlchlnr. •
j . FYe« delivery within 200 miles
on JT5 worth or orer. .-~
CASH Of CREDIT.
T. Brilliant Furniture Co.,
338-342 Post St.
Opts ErtsiBp. Bur FitiIL
* OR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
CV.T the cure of GOKORBHOEA. GLEETS.
MKKTl'RES «n<J analogous complaints of th«
Organs of Generation. - -
ITic* {l a bottle. For salt by drugeiau.TIME. '; Zitt. 1900.
F-.r*t half cf year.. 1443. iX.V-6 Si' $4K2.CSS.4:J< 72
5«cor.4 half cf year. i:T.CCS.7£3 «2] 547.494.lio 06
Tctals JS71.015.C7: Z3 Jl.C29.sS2.594 78
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
On : the Produce Exchange ; to-day the butter
Articles— . , . Receipts.- Shipments
Flour,- barrels .............. 26.000 Sl.AOQ
Wheat.- bushels : S5.000 \ ; - Rl.000
Corn, bURhels 229.000 250 000
Oats, bushels ............. ..279,0<XV 98,000
Rye,- bushels 5,000 ¦ • .......
Parley, bushels >....... ......28.000 - . IO.qoq
NEW TORK. Feb. 14.. .There was a marked
• relajatlon to-day of the pressure -to sell nocks
which carried rrioes'downm-ard yesterday, and
prices shewed ttomn recovery. The ' recovery
did not 'set In until the market had be*n
•further tested by the bears, causing general
declines below j-esterday'e level. In contfe
quence' the net changes of the day. are as a
rule small but mostly gains.- London advanced
prices before the opening here, but turned
teUer after perceiving the drift In sentiment
\n New York, and cold a few thousand shares
en balance. There was no very manifest cau«
for the recovery, although a few . usually ob
scure, stocks ehow*d acsreeslve strength, but
New York Stock- Market.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour dull
pnd unchanged; No. 3 spring wheat. 68ff73Uc-
No. 2 red. 74*^ff76c; ¦ Na 2 corn. : 3S^c; No 2
yellow. 3S*»ie: No. 2 oats, 25*»4®25Hc: No' 5
white. 27%@2SV4c: No. 3 white, 27Hc; No I
r>-e. CIc: good feeding barley, 44c; fair to choice
malting, E2®S9c;. No. 1 fiaxseed. ¦ $1 65- No 1
Northwestern, $166;. prime timothy seed. $4'so
ness pork, per barrel. $14 12H@14 15c lard wr
100 pounds, $7 47HC7 60: short-rib sides (loose)
$7 10@-7 30: dry salted shoulders (boxed),. t6 25©
6 EO; short- clear sld<>« „ <boxed).' 17 35@7 55
r/hlsky, basis of high' wines.- $1 27; clover, con
tract grade. $1101115.
Articles— Open: High. Low. Close.
Whf-at No.' 2—
M^h ary ..:::::::::: IV k* W SU
M Srn-No." 2 -*- 7 V ' 76V *- U » »*
February 3S . 39H 88H 38U
March 384 .49 ¦ 38H "* ' 39 %
May '.......' 33% 40^ 89^ 4L
Oats No. 2— . . " ¦ * "*¦*
February ...24% 24VJ 24H 24>A
May 25% 25H .- 25% ¦ .-'. 25U
Meos Pork, per barrel— J
February ........: ., 14 wu
May 14 12V4 14 45 14 12H 14 32-|
• Lard, per 100 pounds- ?
February,.; .... .... .7 50
Warch .>.. -7 47H -7 52^ 7 47% 7 Wl
May 7 B5 7 60 755 7 57U
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— V*
February ..'. ' ..,, .*,'..-' 7 i?it
May: 7 10 7 20 ,710^ 7 mJ
September -.7 22^ 7 30 7 224 i 7 30
Fan Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
CO, minimum, <£; mran, M.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
forecast. . ..-;•;,..
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
futhern half of the Pacific elope and has
ri*f>n steadily over Washington end Northern
Oregon.
The weather Is generally cloudy from Sa.n
.Francl-peo north-ward.
The temperature has risen 10 degrees or
nore In the Sacramento Valley.
A maicimum wind velocity of 2*5 miles from
the north is, reported at Independence.
Forecast made at Ean Francisco for thirty
h<~ur» ending mWnlirht. February IS. 1S01:
Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Friday, with fog on the coast In the
Ciorrir.ir: litrht northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Friday; light north
erly .winds. *
Nevada— Fair Friday. i :.;• >.
Utah— Fair Friday: light northerly winds.
Arizona— Fair Friday.
fan Francisco and vicinity— Clou«ty Friday
rmbably light ff>g in the morning; light north
erly wind*, changine to wwterly.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
.Forecast Official.
CHICAGO, Feb. 14.— At any stage of the
speculative play In wheat it was extremely
difficult to discern the Impulses governing the
market. It was a nervous, hesitating. Irregu
lar. affair, generally dull, but ' full of unac
countable whims. The profundity of even the
experts was taxed to the limit, and their "ad-
Vice on tho . rroper manner of playing the
market" was oraculous and vague. The mar
ket yesterday advanced In the face of bearish
news; tc-day lt declined on advices "which en
the- surface looked emphatically- bullish
May opened a shade higher to a shade* lower
at 76c to TaTtc. and under the influences of
advances at Liverpool . and on the Continent
advanced early on a small trade to 76^£c. On
the- advance trade became very dull and a
little foreign selling added to. local liquidation
sent May off to 75*i4c. The corn strength later
frightened some wheat shorts. .xvhos<» covering
caused a rally to 76',ic. Longs, owing to the
nervous uncertain appearance of the market,
thought it advisable to secure profit. ' ' May
conrequently turned heavy and closed at "the
bottom, Kg under yesterday at 75%@75%c. ¦
Corn was very full but dull up to noon. But
after that it 'became suddenly active and-ag-
Crefslvely stronz. . '
• Oats were fairly active and flrmi May closed
He higher at 25HC. -
Provisions ruled firm, though rather dull and
narrow. . The demand, mostly for pork, was
started by the- strength of the hog market, and
the pace was maintained later with the assist
ance of tbe corn strength. May*pork closed 20<*
higher, lard 2%e higher and ribs 7V4C higher.
The leading futures* ranged as follows:
Receipts ¦ of ' Potatoes .were very heavy.
Potatoes, pnionstand , Vegetables.
Beans remain quiet* at firm and unchanged
prices. ¦¦-•¦ ¦' '.,..•¦--,-•'•'
.-BEANS - . Bayos/- $2 50@2 75: • Small White
$4 60@4 90; Large .Whlte^$4©4 25;- Pink, $2 15®
2 35: Red. $3@3 60; <i Blaekeye.'S $8®3 25: Lima?
$5 60®5 70; Pea, j cleaned ' up i and . nominal ; Red
Kidney. *3 75®4 per ct!.'< * #>af ?*s-"l- -.-. ..
SEEDS— Browne Mustard, ; : nominal; Tellow
Mustard, jjomlnal; Flax, |8 50@3: Canary,. 34<fi
l!4c for Eastern ; Alf alf a,- % 7H©9Hc ; . Rape. 2@
VAc; Hemp. 3V4@3»iic:, Timothy. ;6V4c. . w
DRIED PEAS— Nlies. »2@2 50; .. Green. $2 7«
©3 per ctl u Blackeye. , nominal ;.
Beans and Seeds.
The .firmness in Bran continues, stocks being
very light. 'There is no change In Hay, deal
ers reporting a steady market. ' . .
RRAN-$16®17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$16 50@19 50 per ton. •
FEEDSTUFFS - Rolled- Barley, $ig®u Der
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25026; Jobbln*
$26 E0; Cocoanut Cake, *17® 18: Corn Meal *ji
©25 50; Cracked Corn. $25 50@26; Mixed Feed
$15@16. . . . I ¦'. . • '
HAY*— Volunteer, $508; Wheat $11013.
Wheat and Oat. . $9@12; Oat, . $JffU 50: Clover
nominal: Alfalfa, $is@9 50; , Barley." $7 50&5) 56
per ton. I • .¦ « .
¦ STRAW— 35@47Hc per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25@
$3 EO, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 7E@2 85 per. barrel for family and
*2 ~biQi for bakers': Washington, bakers' $2 75
©3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 CO; Rice Flour, . $7; Corn Meal,. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 60: Oat Groats, (4 50; Hom
iny, %3 I'VaS 76; Buckwheat: Flour, |4®H 25-
Cracked Wheat, $3 10; Farina, $4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6<a
7 25; In sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley, $5; Spilt
Peas. $0; Green Peas. $5 50 per. 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES. .,.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales'.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 2Q00 ctls, 68%;
OATS — Previous prices rule, with the Usual
dull market. ' .
White, $1 30@l 50; Surprise, nominal; Red,
$1 25@1 40 for Feed and $1 35@1 45 for- Seed;
Gray, nominal: Black, for Feed, $1 17V4O1 20;
for Seed, $1 25^$1 30 per ctl.
• CORN— Yellow, Jl 12«>4@1 15; White, ' $1 13;
Eastern, mixed. Jl 12H -per .ctl.
RYE— Unohanged and weak at S2Vi<g85c per
ctl.. * .
Feed, 73*>«c for choice bright. 72<4c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77%®S2V4c: Chevalier, nominal.'-. •¦
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— S000 ctls,,
$101%; December-14.000, $105%; 2000. $1 Oo^.
Second Session— May— 6000 ctls. $t01V4: 2000,
$1 01V4; 26.000; .$1 01; 4000. $100%; December—
12.000. »1 0*V4: 10.0CO.. J1 05; 20OO. U 0*%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 18,000 ctls,
$10014: 6000. $1 00%; 26,000; $1 OOH; December—
2000. $104%; 38,000, »1 04?i.
Afternoon SessI6n-May, 8000 ctls, $100%;. 6000,
$1 COH:' 12.000 $100%: 2000, $101; December—
10.000 $1 04T4; 12.000, $1 05: 4000, $1 05<£.
• BARLET— Another fractional- decline in
Feed is noted. The market continues neglected.
CALL BOARD SALES.
In this market there was more activity in
futures, but at weaker prices. Spot Wheat
was unchanged.
Spot .Wheat— Shipping, 96>4c; milling, 9S"-ic@
$1 02>i per ctl.
WHEAT— New Tork ! was • unchanged, but
Liverpool and Paris futures were higher.
Chicago was firmer, but not quotably higher,
and the demand was slow. Crop conditions
were reported favorable. Commission houses
had some selling orders. Otherwise there whs
nothing new.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Cables — 4 904
New York Exchange, sight — 17V4
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — 22H
Silver, per ounce — 60*;
Mexican Dollars, nominal 60 Q 61
Sterling Exchange, 60 days ¦—
Sterling Exchange, sight —
Exchange and -Bullion.
d20th Meridian— Paclflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In last twent>-four
hours: ¦•
Weather Repor{.
The clearing- houre tc3umed the use of United
Elates treasury gold tcrtlflcates In the settle
ment cf balances on August 19. ISS5. since
which time to December 31. 1900— sixteen and
a third months— the balances have been in
amount. JlCS.riT.016 23; uid paid as follows in
gold coin <26 1-8 per cent), $43,357,016 25; and
In certiorates (73 7-8 per cent), $122,160,000 00.
The certificates saved at least a fourfold hand
ling of an equal anuunt of gold coin,' the
weight of •which wuuld be over KSVi tons
avoirdupois. •
gold coin. 25 6-9 per cent 30,557,405 71
And United States treasury gold
certificates, 74 1-9 per cfnt 87,570,000 00
The average daily balance for 1900
wts SS9.958 43
Average dally balance fcr 1E39 4'».G94 S4
A decrease in balances cf 10,136 41
BALANCES. .
The balances in 1900 were 11.5 per- • •
cent cf the clearings and
amounted to $118,157,405 Tl
* And were paid in United States
CLEARINGS.
The clearings for the year 1900
were H.KS.ZS2.ZU 7S
The cleej-ings for 1SS9 were 'S71.C1j.07; 23
A gain of J5S.i;67,E22 lo
The United States l.a«s continued to be a
large purchaser at San Francisco during the
rear 1S00 of supplies lor the army and navy
employed in the Philippines and China, which
has fostered business la many lines of trade
at San Francisco.
Manager "Sleeper FUbtr.itted the twenty-fl'th
ennual report as follows:
| Increase.
TIME. I
I 1900.
First half of year | }aS,€S2.1S3 21
Second half of year ' 1S.SS5.3JJ 34
TctiJ ; f&g.5«7.522 55
NE-W YORK, Feb. 14.-The export inquiry
was a little more active to-day and the mar
ket for evaporated apples was quite- steady
especially for choice varieties, but prices re
main at last quoted. . State common. 3%a4*ic
prime. 4»i(35c; choice, 6%@6c; fancy. 6@7c.'
California dried fruits, quiet and unchanged
at 3Viig8t£c. as to size and quality for prunes
APRICOTS— Royal, 7H@12c; Xloorpark. 8><i@
PEACHES— Peeled, H^l'c: unpeeled. 6^®10c.
*— • '--*
DRIED FRUITS,
WOCM^-Dull.
SUGAR— Raw, steady but quiet: refined,
quiet.
COFFEE:— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice.
7Vic: Cordova. SJ?12V4«r. Futures closed with a
Meady tone and prices unchanged to b points
higher; Total sales reached 15,750 bags in
cluding: February.. $5 60; March. J5 50; May,
$5 €5; July, 15 70; September, ">5 75g5 SO; No
"ember and December, $5 90.
BUTTER— Receipts. 3095 packages; firm;
fresh creamery, 16@22V4c; June creamery, 15®
20c: factory, llglSc. • -. - "
EGGS— Receipts. 6936 packages; weak. West
ern at mark. 19@19&c; Southern at mark, 18
@19c.'
NEW YORK, Feb. 14.-FLOUR-Recelpts,
14.5SO barrels; exports, 95SS barrels. I Firmly
held, with buyers oreratlng more confidently.
Winter straits, {3 «@3 00; Minnesota patents,
$4 10@4 SO. ¦ \
WHEAT— Receipts, 37,800 bushels; exports,
4i.o67 bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red 81c f
o. b. afloat; do elevator, 79&c; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 8iHc t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth
%Hc I. o. b. afloat. Options had a firm open
ing on the pronounced strength of French
markets and scattered covering, after which
they ruled steady on a small trade, mostly
local, being helped by corn. In the last half
hour general realizing caused a sharp break.
Closed easy at *-i(^%c net decline. March.
794<g.S0 l-16c;. closed. 73*4c: May, 80 3-16<gS0*ic;
closed. SOUc; July, 79%® SO 3-16c; closed, 7994c
HOPS— Quiet. .
HIDES— Firm.
MINING . STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
— "" Morning Session./
10O Belcher .....31 700 Ophlr Si
200. Best & Belcher 31 100 Ophir .... «2
200 Best & Belcher 30 400 Sierra Nevada* 19
800 Ctm Cal & Va-.l M 200 Union C6a..I77. S9
At the ar.-iual meeting of the Ean Francisco
Oarir.g-house. -en ths 12th the following offi
cers were elected for the ensuing year: Presi
dent. Thoir.as Brown; vice president. ' H. 'Wads
worth: secretary. Frederick W. Zelie; clearing
house ceramittee— Thomas Brown, cashier Bank
of California: Ijcnatz Steinhart. manager
Anglo-Ca'irorr.lan Bank (Ltd.): S. G. "Murphy,
president First National Bank of San Fran
cisco; H. M. J. McMlchael. agent Bank of
British North America: W. H. Crocker, presi
dent Crocker- Woolwcrth National Bank cf San
Francisco : II. M. J. McMichael. secretary
clearisg-houFe committee. Cfcarles Sleeper was
re«.rpc:r:ted manager end J. T. Burke assistant
rr.*r.ager.
The c'.es.r'.r.c* by half-year for 1S59 and 1900
are shewn ia the folljwlcg statement:
San Francisco Clearing-House.
"Little business is reported in either apricots
or peaches. Currants, are steady, with tome
rmiil out-of-tuwa Inquiry. Apples continue
dull."
••Jobbing interest in prunes continues very
good, but buyers are unwilling to pay the
prirep demanded.. A. feature yesterday was an
inquiry from a well-known wholesale and re
tail dealer for five " e*rs at extremely low
figure*. There was an unconfirmed report that
a sale of a car of 50-60s in £o-Tb boxes had been
msiie at 4^.
Prunes and Raisins in New York.
Following Is the latest mail report from New
Tork: "The cr.'.y new business In loose raisins
l««rr.ed of yesterday was the reported sale of
a car of 2-crown goods at IVsC this practically
cleaning up all goods offering at that quota
tion. There was, however, some further In
quiry for raifins from out of town. A West
em jobber was stated to be in the market for
jrioo bcxee of 3-crown at around o'ic, but hold
er? are firm nt 6c, and most a?k 6V»S*>Uc for
real good quality. It developed that the rather
•trong buying movement in lcK>fe raisins dur
ing the past few days was largely of a specu
lative character. an<l was participated in by
several prominent local houses, who expect to
ecll to feeders befor? new supplies of raisins
• re brought from ihe coast. This upward
movement of the market was helped out to
sonif 'Pxt'p'n't tiv r^n^ we J buy In p n^r*? cj?* •• ~
*m Jcbberf. who, however, failed to fill their
warns at the low j-t-ie f <5 prevailing early in the
week. Actual local consumptive tieinand shows
Fom» little improvement also, but seeders at
present are quite well supplied. •
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
e fJ 8 c ' ' Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid
73.100 Atchison 5<jL
12'SM Afrhlson prefd gs*»
CSfO Baltimore & Ohio 9iC
........ Canadian Pacific so's
100 Canada Southern £6** '
2.5CO Chesapeake & Ohio 41
8.4C« Chicago Great Western :o$j
11.100 Chicago. Burlington. & Qulney 1S9'
6.1CO Chicago. Ind & Louis 3HJ
1.500 Chicago, Ind & Louis prefd '. 6SV»
4.&O Chicago & Eastern Illinois 110 *
350 Chicago & Northwestern 172
lO.fcOO Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific... 123»i
700 C C C & St Louis S 76'J
S.900 Colorado Southern 91J |
600 Colorado Southern lst prefd 45 ]
5<H) Colorado Southern 2nd prefd 18%
6,900 Delaware & Hudson .- l^><4
1.9D0 Delaware. Lack & Western 1S6
1,500 Denver & Rio Grande 41U
200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd fcsu,
16.^00 Erie „ »3
10.700 Eries lst prefd 6^
*/Kl Great Northern prefd.. ,. 1S9-*
2v0 Hocking Coal i«u
700 Hocking Valley 47U
100 Illinois Central nsy.
. 100 Iowa Central 26"
Iowa Central prefd ..•*. 50
Lake Erie & Western 43
Lake Erie & Western prefd 110
Lake Shore 220
8,600 Louisville & Nashville 91V !
2,900 Manhattan L 1177^ \
900 Metropolitan Street Ry 163 j
2.900 Mexican Central 17s; i
700 Minn & St Louis : 21>i i
Minn & St Louis prefd ."IO6I2 I
5.1OJ Mlesoulr .Pacific ¦ 89 I
10.0G0 Mobile A Ohio , 75s; j
3.11/1 Missouri. Kansas & Texas goi,, j
14.200 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd £5»4
300 New Jersey Central 152--J
2.700 New York Central 1431/.
10.100 Norfolk & Western 47
Norfolk & Western prefd S1U
20.500 Northern Pacific .' £3ti
1.2W Northern Paclflc prefd 87^,
U. SOO Ontario & Western , zz^t
Oregon Railway & Nav >. 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd. '"«
9.000 Pennsylvania 14$%
7,359 Reading , 331?
17,600 Reading lst prefd .' 7si? ,
10.800 Reading 2nd prefd 44*.
Rio Grande Western 75
...:... Rio Grande Western prefd 93
22.750 St Louis & San Fran 35
1.509 St Louis & San Fran lst prefd.... 82%'
H.700 St Louts "& Sab Fran 2nd' prefd.":.. 64>»
4,300 gt Louis Southwestern : 26V4
3.900 St Louis Southwestern prefd....... £6^1
27,000 St Paul ;.. . uiK
£00 St Paul prefd ¦ 190
St Paul & Omaha i">5
24,400 Southern Pacinc .' 46H
S.100 Southern Railway ' 22T*
10.400 Southern Railway prefd '...:.¦. 75k
$.000 Texas & Pacific .tun 29^4
DO. 200 Union Paclflc 944
i.OOO Union Paclflc prefd -. &SH
3.400 Wabash 1314
590 Wabafch prefd "" 311?
500 Wheeling & U E .' " 131;
3.&00 Wheeling & L E 2nd prefd 30U
6,000 "Wisconsin Central istZ
100 Third Avenue ;. "
&04«Baltlmore & Ohio prefd ./. " S7
4,900 National Tube , *" 6g
100 National Tube prefd .....\0h%
' Express Companies— .
• .•••¦• Adams ............................... ..160
100 American ¦ "*"""irs
I'nlted States "."."".". £8
- Wells-Fargo .-. '.'133
Miscellaneous —
200 American Cotton Oil ;.... 23U
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 87U
' American Malting ." 414
Amerlran Malting- prerd 24W
rs.OOO American Smelting & Hefng 57*4
7,100 American Smelting & Refng jjrefd. S5M
Ameflcan Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd .» 17
4,100 American -Steel Hoop ZOhb
. American Steel Hoop prefd 76
33.1TO American Steel & Wire 52v»
1.000 American Steel & Wire prefd. 93%
9,6(0 American Tin Plate 64T4
800 American Tin Plate prefd.. 92'
H.fcCO American Tobacco 117
American Tobacco prefd 140
Is, 000 Anaconda Mining Co f.... 4$
26.SO0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit -.. 77Vi
5,000 Colorado Fuel & Iron 45U
7.0M Continental Tobacco- "4«Vi
1.500 Continental Tobacco • prefd <*6
27.700 Federal Steel ciri
S.COO Federal Steel prefd 8'
6.6O0 General Eleetric .-..;. .'.210*^
. £00 Glucose Sugar .....,...;... 471^
Glucose Sugar prefd 94^
'7.600 International Paper 23V4
International Paper prefd -73
....... Lariede Gas 74
LOC") ' National Biscuit ..V..:. 3354
National Biscuit prefd 92
300 National Lead 17
100 National Lead prefd fc3»i
4.100 National Steel 4GT4
2,700 National Steel rrefd 9 ;
-. 400 New -York Air Brake.t.. .....;. 155
I 1?,400 North American ..;. 22>,i
....... Pacific Coast S2
:. Pacific Coast lst prefd S7
...:... Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
100 Pacific Mall 42
J.KX) PeopU's Gas' 102*4
200 Pressed Steel Car ,. 38U
tOO I»re«sed Steel Car prefd 7714'
100 -Pullman Palace Car........ 137
! Standard Rope & Twine 4«£
16,600 Sugar v , ..; J3J^
100 Sugar prefd 119
2.2M • Tennessee Coal & Iron K*»i
3.600 I'nlted States Leather .' J3%
SfiO United 'States Leather prefd 75
200 United . F(bte? Rubber :....'.. 20'/4
l.?00 United States Rubber prefd : 60
2,300 Western Union ....: 591^
fi.600 Amalgamated Copper 99
S.f/OO Republic iron'A Steel Co, ]C"4
VO Republic Iron &.' Steel Co prefd 63
P C C & St Louis 67
£45.000 Shares sold.
¦ CLOSING BOND*".
fJ S 2s ret re«;....lP6H/N J Cent ren C9w'.I*SU
the fact was very evident that the urgent
pressure of speculative liquidation was re
laxed. The bears who sold yesterday covered
.their contracts In consequence. This prob
ably accounted In great part for the show of
firmness in the market. The bears have re
ceived too many severe lessons in the last few
months not to have become rather timid,
especially in the face of the possibilities con
stantly hinted at of further important finan
cial developments. In yesterday's decline
much was made of the fact that stocks gen
erally included In the interests of the promi
nent financier who has borne the most Import
ant part In the recent consolidations was uni
formly weak and this was alleged to be due
to the coming departure of this financier on
his annual vacation trip to Europe. - As
though In reply to these considerations the
Flocks thus Involved were "all supported to
day. Including Federal Steel, the Bries. the
Readings. Northern Pacific and National Tube.
The sharp recovery in the steel stocks served
ae an admonition to those 'who have counted
upon a break in the group. The announce
ment of the terms of the steel merger is be
lieved to be imminent, but the whole specu
lative world Is profoundly puzzled as to what
the terms win- be and the exact period when
they will be published. Wilh this develop
ment hanging over the market there was hesi
tation and more or less apathy in the trad
ing. There was no sign of resumption of the
heavy buying by banking interests which has
so often been in, evidence previous to the re
cent consolidations. General Eleetric was
conspicuous for an extreme advance of 16
points over last night, with a reaction of 3^.
The iocal tractions. Sugar and Tobacco were
conspicuously strong at times and North
American was forced up two points. Atchison
was lifted above 67. None of these gains were
fully held and the tone of the market was
rather heavy at the close and ; the volume of
dealings very materially curtailed.' Sterling
exchange was lower In spite of the continued
active demand for money in London.
There was less doing In railroad bonds and
Prices continued to move irregularly. Total
sales, par value. J4.O45.0O0.
United States new 4s and 5s ad\-&nced U per
cent each on the last call.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May.
Opening ....; 5 Uli 6 V4
Closing .........\ ' ... 5 11% 6 \i
Wheat— PARIS. . May- Aug.
Opening .....•,, ...19 90 2125
Closing "" ...20 00 2123
Flour—
Opening ........ . ...25 90 27 25
Closing ..;. ....... .' 26 CO 26 95
N civ York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 14.— Confidence was more
apparent to-day than for some time past, this
feature, however, only In tin; due largely to
the heavy -shipments from this country, and
at the close the London and New York prices
were on a parity. The close at London was. on
the basis of £122 2s 6d for spot and futures
£117 15s. The local spot price was $26 62H
bid, but future prices were easier. The Lon
don copper market was unsettled and closed
unchanged at £71 5s for spot and" £71 16s 6d
for futures. The local .situation was more or
less in a nominal condition, there being no
business to base quotations on, and the nomi
nal basis was $17 for Lake- Superior and
W 62!4 for casting and electrolytic at the
close. Lead was dull and unchanged at $4 3. Mi
end at London the market was weak and
closed at £14 18s 9d. Spelter In the local mar
ket was a shade steadier, with prices par
tially higher at $3 9O®4. Domestic iron mar
kets were of an unimportant character, prices,
remaining unchanged all around.. At Glas
gow the close waa at 64s 7d and at Mlddles
bofo 46s 7%d. • •
New York Cotton Market.
, NEW YORK. Feb. 14. — The course - of the
cctton market was not so favorable to the
bear intereet as of late, and whereas foreign
events on 'change appeared to greatly favor
shorts the later developments ¦ put the over
sold factions 'to flight, at the same time creat
ing a feeling of friendliness toward the mar
ket Investment circles The market closed
steady, with prices. 4@U points higher.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Feb. 14.-CATTLE-Recelpts, 12,
0C0. including 200 Texans. Choice steers, steady;
others, weak, 10®15c lower. Butchers' stock
and Texans. steady to 10c lower. Good Co
prime steers, $4 90@C; poor to medium, $3 40®
4 SO; stockers and feeders, $2 65(34 50; cows,
$2 55@4 15; heifers. $2 60@4 33; canners, $1 S5@
2 50; bulls,$2 400* 25; calves, $4Q6 25; Texas fed
Fteers, J4Q4 70; Texas grass steers, $3 30@3 90;
Texas bulls, $2 50(S3 60. •
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 39.00Q; to-morrow
2S,O0fi;left over, 20C0. Market opened 5c higher,
active, closing weak. Top. $5 50; mixed 'and
butchers, $5 2o@5 47V4: cood to choice heavy.'
*5 3o>g5 50; rough heavy. $5 20@5 30: light, $5 25
@5 45; bulk of sales, $5 35<85 45.
. SHEEP-Recelpts. 16.000. Market steady to
10c lower. Good to choice wethers, $3 Sa(&4 50;
fair to choice mixed, $3 f.oe4: Western sheep,
$3 90@4 50; Texas sheep. S2 50Q-3 60; native
lambs, 14 SI'S 5 CO; Western lambs. JoQo SO.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 14.— Clearings, $339-,
042; balances, $41,SS6.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON,
PORTLAND, Feb. 14.— In the local wheat
market prices remain unchanged with 55c.pos
sible-for good stock and 5»Hc generally quoted.
Foreign exports of wheat from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 1)4,929 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., Feb. 14.— Wheat, steady
and quiet. Bluestem, 5714c: Club, &5c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Feb. 14.— Consols. 97S»; silver,
27 15-16d; French rentes. 102f 32«4c; wheat car
goes on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1
standard California, 29s; Walla Walla, 2Ss 6d;
English country markets, part 6d cheaper.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 14.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
rtendard California, 6s 2>4d(ges 3dr wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, quiet: French
country markets, steady; weather In England,
fine but cold.
, COTTON— Uplands, 5%A.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, dull: No. 1 California, 6s
2%d; No, 2 red Western winter, 5s ll%d; No.
1 Northern spring. 6s 3d. Futures, quiet;
March. 5s ll%d; M»y. 6s Vid. •
CORN— Spot, firm ; American mixed new,
3s *4d; do old, 3s l^d. Futures, quiet; Febru
ary. 33 lOHd; March. 3s lOd; May, 3s 9»id.
THURSDAY. Feb.' 14—2:30
. . ¦ Morning Session.
Board— \
100 El Dorado 2 05
1000 Four Oil Company ...: .- 69
100 Gold Dollar 40
100 Junction .'... 70
600 McKlttrick Consolidated ."... 20
600 Monarch of Arieona 73
600 Monte Cristo 2 4S
150 Occidental of West Virginia 79
1050 Occidental of West Virginia 71
25 Peerless J 50
20 Peerless • • *•>
2700 Petroleum Center 21
1000 Petroleum Center (B 30) 22
30CO Petroleum Center (cash). 20
1000 Petroleum Center ......: 20
CO San Joaquln Oil and Dev... ,. 12 CO
100 Sterling Oil and Dev. Co 3 20
3000 Superior 30
400 Wolverine m 1 W
• Street- >#*§« . •
500 Superior 30
100O Wolverine 160
220 Kern Oil Co 11 0O
100 San Joaqutn Oil and Dev -..-. 12 00
Afternoon Session.
10 Kern Oil Co 1 11 12J4
•110 Kern Oil Co. : U 0O
£00 McKlttrick Consolidated 20
450 Monte Cristo 2 50
600 Petroleum Center .., 20
2000 Petroleum Center (B 30).. 21
40 San Joaquin Oil and Dev....'.. 12 00
100 Sterling Oil and Dev. Co 3 15
100 Twenty-Eight -. 215
100 Wolverine 1 so
- CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon' Session.
Board— • ¦ -
10 Alaska Packers' Association..... -...125 73
200 California Wine Association. 100 00
66 Giant Powder Con 84 73
100 Honokaa S Co 33 25
10 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 24 124
350 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 24 25
75 Makawell 44 75
110 Paauhau S.P Co ..« 34 SO
$3000 S V 4 per cent bonds (2d mort)..103 62<4
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 374
' 25 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 25
Street—
$M0O Contra Costa Water bonds 108 25
$10,000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds 103 23
$3000 Oakland Transit Co 6 per cent bds.115 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Street—
1C3 California Wine Association .'....100 00
50 Giant Powder Con 81 75
$5900 Hawaiian C & S Co S per cent bds.103 50
50 Honokaa S Co 32 75
600 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 23 75
$5000 Los Angeles-Pacific R- R bonds 102 00
$10.000 3 F & S J V bonds, b 3 120 75
Morning Session.
Board— • ;.. --? ' •
2 California Powder ..." .,...153 00
300 Contra Costa Water 70 00
60 Giant Powder Con 84 73
60 Hana. Plantation Co 9 00
200 Honokaa S Co 32 87V&
300 Honokaa. S Co 33 00
K) Hutchinson S P Co 3? 87%
75 Kllauea Sugar P Co 24 00
140 Makawell \. 44 62*,
$2000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds 10S 25
$3000 Oakland Transit Co 6 p«r ct bonds.115 00
SO Onomea Sugar Co 29 25
210 Paauhau S P Co 34 50
25 H F Gas & Electric Co 40 37-,
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 49 25
Alaska P A.. 125"il26Vi Oceanic SS ColOO —
Cal Fruit Can — 105V4 Pac A F A 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — (Pac C Bor Col53 —
Mer Ex Assn.100 — IParff Paint Co 12H —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... '8!t .9 Kllauea 24*4 —
Haw Com ... 83% 90 Makawell .... 44 \ 45
Honokaa 33H — Onomea 23>* 30*4
Hutch S P ... 27 '/i 28 Paauhau 34*^ —
SUGAR STOCKS.
California ....153 — IVigorlt 2T4 —
Giant Con ... 84% S3 I
POWDER STOCKS.
Callfornla-st .135 149 .O S L & H.... 45 —
Geary-st 47% — Presidio 17ft 20
Market-st .... 69V4 TO |
STREET RAILROAD. STOCKS.
German — 1850 Sav A Loan. — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 27S —
Mutual 50. — Union Trust... — —
S« F Sav U. . .612*4 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77 "— Lon P & A. ..144. 130
Bank of Cal. .410 — Mer Ex (Hq). 16 —
Cal Safe Dep. — 106 3 F National. — 125
lst N of S F. — 312H
BANK STOCKS.
.Bay C P Co 5slO5 lOStf Oak "W Co 6s. — 102*4
Cal-st Cab 5s.U6Vi — Oceanic S3 Ss.lOS —
C C Water 5s. 108 103! 4 Om C R 6S....12S —
E L A P 6s.l28»4135 Pac G Imp 4sil0O —
F A Cl Ry 6S.114H — Pk & Cl K 6«.1O5 —
Geary-st R 6s. — — Pk & O R 6s. — —
Haw C Btts./.lOSli — Powell-st R 6sl20% —
' Do 6a .105* — S E G & R 5s - 100
.L A R'R 5S..U2H113 .3 F & SJV 5sl20 121
L A Lt 6s.... — — . SB, of Cal 6s.ll0 —
Do gntd 6s.. —.104 S P of A 6s.H3 —
Do gntd 5s...— — S P C 6s (1905)-
L A P R 5S..102 — Series A ...110H —
Markt-st C 6s.l26* — Do (SeriesB)lUV* —
Do lst O 5S.123& — . Do (1906) -...113V4 —
N C N G R 7s — 113'4 Do (1912) -,122H —
N R of Cal 6s.H3 116 S P C lst g 63.106^ —
Do 6s 120*4— S P Br R 6s.l32 —
NPCRR 63.101H — S P Water 6s.H44 —
Do 5s 108*4 — Do 4s 103S103?;
N C R R 5s. .111 — Do 3d mtg.lO2H —
O G L & H 5S.112 114 Stkn G & E 63 — 10S
Oak Tr Co j6s.H4%H5
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 69 70*-irMarin County. 52U —
Spring Valley. 92% 93H( •
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P.. 3 4 Pac Lt Co.... 44 —
Eqult Gas ... Z% 3>4 Sac E G & R— 37V4
Mut Elec Lt.. 7% — S F G & E... 49 49*4
O GL & H.. 50 — San Francisco. i% 4^
Pac Gas Imp. 44H 43 Stktn O A E. — 14
• INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem'8 Fund.232 — |-
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
Bld.Ask. Bid Ask.
U S 4s coup..U3Vill4H US 4s cp(new)137>il3SH
Do 43 reg...ll3V&U4'» Do 3s roup.llO'.,ni»*
"UNITED STATES BONDS.
THURSDAY. Feb. 14—8 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Business was again heavy on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange, with continued
firmneas in the. sugar stocks. Honokaa. was>
firmer and touched (33, Kllauea $24 and Ono
mea $29 25. There wsr'e no other changes
worthy of note.
The sugar stocks continued firm- In the after
noon and several advanced a fraction or two.
- On the morning session of the .Oil Exchange
Petroleum Center was the active stock. 7700
shares selling ' at ¦ 20$}22c. The other stocks
were quiet. There was no particular change
in the afternoon. '
Silver a fraction weaker. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures slightly lower. Feed Barley declined.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Bran scarce and very firm. Hay steady.
Beans quiet and firmly held. Seeds nominal.
Heavy receipts of Potatoes. Onions higher. Vegetables firm.
Poultry in good shape for sellers. Game generally firm.
No further change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Four cars of Oranges announced for to-day's auction.
Lemons plentiful and weak; Limes scarce and firm.
Prunes and Raisins in growing favor in New York:
Provisions quoted very dull by the local trader
Hogs and Mutton very firm at the recent advance, ' ¦
Increasing activity in local stocks and bonds.
Oil stocks' continue quiet at previous prices. • . ;
¦WASHINGTON, Feb. 14.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,"
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve lri the
division* of • redemption, • shows: Available
cash balance, $143,905,450; gold, $75,987,849
Nrdf York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK, Feb. 14.— Close: Money on call
eteady at 2f2>4 per cent. Prime mercantile
pajx>r, 4 per cent. Sterling exchange heavy,
with actual business in bankers' bills at
$1 S7Hf?4 S7«i* for command and at $4 S3U@
4 $3% for sixty days. Posted rates, U 85@4 So**
and $4 Mfe@4 S9. Commercial bills. $4 S3H&
4 S4. Silver' certificates, 62@t>3c; Bar silver,
60»;c. Mexican .dollars, 47%c. Government
bonds-, strong; S.tate bonds, inactive; railroad
bonds, irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
New York Money Market.
LONDON, Feb\ 14.— Atchison, 57; Canadian
Pacific. 93»£; Union Paclflc preferred, 90; North
ern Pacific preferred. SS%; Grand Trunk. 7;
Anaconda. 9. Bar silver, dull, 27 15-16d per
ounce. Monej-, 4^5 per cent.
London Market.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land 3
Call loans 2Hf3H West End 93%
Time loans 4 @5 Bonds—
Stocks— Atchison 4s 101
A T & S F 66% N E Gas&Coke 6s. 67
A T & S F prefd.. 8S>- Mlnlns Shares-
American Sugar.. .136^4 Adventure 13H
Am Sugar prefd.. .my, Bingham ...: 19V4
Am Telephone ....162 Amalg Copper ... 90\;
Boston & Albany.. 254" Atlantic 2S
Boston Elevated.. ..16SH Boston & Mont 324
Chgo, Bur & Q....13$}i Butte ,& Boston... S1H
Dominion Coal..... 35 Calumet & Hecla.S60
Dom Coal prefd. ..lOS'i [Centennial 25
Federal Steel ...... 52 Franklin 20
Fed Steel prefd.. ..141 Humboldt 50
General Klectrtt...211 Osceola 87
Gen Elec prefd. .J.1S2 Parrot 49&
Ed Elec 111 245 Qulney 175
Mexican Central .. 17 T « Santa Fe Copper.. 7
N E Gas & Coke.. 12«,£ Tamarack 336
Old Dominion 34H Utah Mining 34*i
Rubber 20V4 Winona 7>i
Union Pacific 94*. Wolverines 5O'.i
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 15
£ llce 45 Ontario 6 BO
Breece 2 00 Ophir 81
Brunswick Con S3 Phoenix ..;. 09
Comstock Tunnel... 04 Potosl 03
Con Cal & Va 1 70 Savage 15
Deadwood Terra.... E2 Sierra Nevada 18
Horn Silver 1 15 Small Hopes: 65
Iron Silver 66 Standard 4 13
Lcadville Con'..... 06
MINING STOCKS
R |, 2s re ' coup.. 105*4 fN Pacific 3s 70%
U S 3s reg.... ;..... uo% N Pacific 4s 105^4
H 1™ CO "P "OH N Y C & St L 4s.l08^
r? I ** s re S.-.137?i N & "W con 4s 102*
it I ? W , 4s C0U P--137<i Or Xav lsts 109
it q °m "i 8 re *?- — »3H Or Nav 4s ..104
f' l^ 0ld 4s couP-.l^H Or Short Line 6s. .127%
H |* 8 r^ 110% Or S Line con 6s..ll6H
k. . OS - C 9 U ? 110 9» Reading Gen 4s.... 94«i
?J"t. 0 ' C ° l 3-«5»»123 R G W lsts.. ...... 100
a, i! 8On *I n <s ---103\4 5t L & I M con 5s.ll6»i
pin hl " on c ad *. Js..-. 92H St L & S F gen6s.l23%
Canada So 2ds....no% St Paul cons ,.185
£5 £ SI? 10 <Hs..lO7H St P C & P lsts..U8V4
n % S lo ¦ 5a ----121U St P C & P'5s 120^
?¦ f vwo™ n J'- 13J W 8o Pacific 4s 90H
rhiT^ de ? 5s - 124 So Railway 5s 116
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 87Ji Stand R & T 6s.... 61
f?Z S?™**™ <»... 86^ Tex & Pac' lsts....H8
£-i ? :G 4s ; 102^ Tex & Pac 2ds 95
& iir < i en 4 raI 4s.... 84% -Union Pacific 4s.».106H
r-.«v^ ?. C lst8 " 831 * WabashlBts 119%
? e " E ' ect . r| c ,5s 161Vi Wabash 2ds 110^
i i? $ e *«ra' lsts..H6H West. Shore 4s m%
k«'} k n L 48 1015 i w »» Central lsts..; 89V4
N Y &&S^SS{ Va CentUrieS •-" 96
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
• BAGS— San Quentln Bags. - S3 65: Calcutta
Grain Ba^J. June and July, 6Hc; local make,
t%c- Wool Bags, 36@32V4c; Fleece Twine. 7Hc
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfleld
We-Uington, J9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. »7; Coos
Bay ' *i W>:.. Waltsend. *9; Co-operative Walls
end' $3-' Cumberland,; $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
SHcits: Pennsylvania • Anthracite Egg, $14;
Canncl.$10:per - ton:-Coke. $15 p«r ton In'bulk
and $17 in. sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand."' '-"" *. ¦'.'"¦¦' ¦ ¦' ¦"-. ' " "• " - •"
... SUGAR— The -Western Sugar. Refining com
pany quotes, per lb, InlOO-lb bags: v .. i .: ,'
Crushed; 6.25c: Powdered, 6.85c; Candy Gran
ulated,' 6.85c; Dry Granulated; 6.76c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75C;! Magnolia A. 5.35c: Extra^C.
S.s5c:> Golden iC. 6.15c; barrels, ; 10c more; half-
General: Merchandise.
Hogs and Muf ton are;Jlrm at the recently
advanced : prices. The other descriptions are
without feature. - • .
BEEF— 7#Sc for Steers and 6S"4c per lb
°VEAL^L; -ge. 7®Sc; small. Sc per lb. . . .'
MUTTON— Wethers. 10®10V4c: Ewes, loe per
PO -UAMB-ll(fJI2Wc per lb: spring. *12%915c per.
r °PORK— Live Hogs. 6V4tf?G*4c for small and 6H
©6Vic for medium and 5%i<gi6c.for large; stock
Hogs -5@5V4c; feeders, • 5»4@3 Me: dressed Hogs.
7M,lg9c. ..¦¦ . -=..' f . . V •/¦
San Francisco Meal. Market. .
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
steers, 9^4? 10c; medium; 9c: light, SJTS'icj Cow
Hides, 8Vic for heavy and- 8@SV6c for light;
Stags. 6@6V4c; Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal, 9®
lCc; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 15HS16c:
Culls, 13%(814c; dry Kip. 15@16c: Dry Calf. 16®
17c: culls and brands. 14@13c: Sheepskins,
shearlings. -20® 30c each; short Wool. 30@50c
each; medium, 60®75c; Long .Wool, 75c@$l each;
Horse Hides, salt," $2 50@2 75 for large and $2®
2 25. for medium. $125 for small and 50c for
colts; Horse Hides, dry. 11 75 for large, $1 50
for x-ieVIlurn. $1 25 for small and 60c for colts.
Deerskins— Summer or red skin*. 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter, or thin skins, 20c.
<ioatsklns— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
cmooth, ,50c; medium, 35c.
1 T ALLOW-No. 1 rendered. 4V»S4%c per lb;
No. 2.- 4S4Uc; grease, 2<@2He.
WOOL— Spring Clip is quotable as follows:
Ncrthern. free. 15<S16c; Northern, defective^ 12@
14c; Middle County, free. 15@16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12$14c: Southern. Mountain.- 12
months', 9©16c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months' 11012c: Southern Mountain, defective.
.7 months' 9<ftlle: Humboldt and Mendoclno, 16
©17c; Nevcda. 13C16c per lb. ' ' • ?.; * =
Fall Clip— San Joaquln, 6%®Sc:do lambs. ?@
9c; Middle County. 9@10c; Northern Mountain,
free 10(Sllc; Southern Mountain. 7H@SHe;
Humboldt and Mendocino.. ll©12c per lb. .
- HOP&— 1502CC per lb. . '
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels' 8c; one tierce, 7ftc; two tierces,
7->ic; five tierces, 7"<4c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%@6?£c per lb for
compound and 9Vic for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9V4c; 10-lh»tins. 10c; 5-fb tins." lOttC . ¦
CURED MEATS-Bacon, ll@liuc per lb for
heavy. HH@12c for light medium. 12H©13c for
light. 13HM14c for extra light and 15@15Vic for
sugar-cored; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12c;
Mess Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess, $13;
Family, $14; extra prime POrk. $15®15 60; extra
clear, $19 60@20; Mess, fl7; Smoked Beef. 13c
per. pound.
The demand has fallen off sharply of late
and dealers- arc complaining of the general
dullness. Prices show no change.
Provisions.
NUTS — Chestnuts.. *®10c per lb.for Italian;
¦Walnuts, No. 1. softshell, 10c; No. 2. 7Hc; No.
1 hardshell. 9?$c:" No. 2. 7c; Almonds. 12913c
fcr papershell, 9@llc for softshell: Peanuts, 5
@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts,
lie; Pecans. ll©13c: Cocoanuts/ $3 E0©5.
HONEY— Comb. 13<4@14^c for bright and 12"4
®13c'for light amber; water white extracted,
"•¦fc@Sc; light amber extracted, C«4@7c;' dark,
BfeC^c per lb. ¦ •
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb. •
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Clara, 4 'sizes. 3c;
3CT-40S,' 7c; 40-50?, 6V4c; t0-60s,' 4Kc;:.6O-70s, 3%c;
70-S0s.~3V;c; 80-90s, 2%c; •90-100s. JHc; 100-120s.
l%c; rubies, %c premium; '. Sonomas ' He and
San Joaqulns He less than Santa- Claras, ex
cept 1C0 and over, which stand the same. A*prl
ci>ts, 6!@8c for Royals and-10<Q10tte for Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 4©54c; sun-dried.
IV«©2%c; Peaches. 3@4c for. standard. 3^®5c for
choice, and »V4@6V&c for fancy;- Pears, 2@7c;
Plums, pitted,. o^eHcjiUnpttted. i@l%c; Nec
tarines; hSaVid for reaf&nd 5tt#6c for white.
• RAISINS— The .Raisin. Growers* Association
ha& established the following p'rlces: Bleached
lrompsqn's fancy. 12c " per'.lb; choice, lie;
standard. 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's, • 9c -'per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10%c per
lb; choice, 9V£c; standard, 8*£c; prime, 8c; un
bleached " Sultanas, Sc; Seedless, 60-lb boxes,
6*s4c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, v6Vic: 2-crown, 6c.
1'acinc brand.' 2-crown, 6c; 3-crown,' 5Vlc. and
4-crown.' .SHc; ' seeded (Fresno prices), fancy.
16-ounce, 7c; 12-ounce, . 6V4c; • choice,. 18-ounce.
6*ic; 12-ounce, 5»4c: London -'Layers, 2-crown,
$1 tO per box; S-crown. . $1 60; Fancy Clusters,
$2; Dehesa. $2 60; Imperial. $3. All prices f. o.
b. at .common shipping points in California.
Prunes and Raisins seem, to be meeting with
slowly growing favor In New York, but buy
ers want to purchase at low prices. The other
fruits continue dull. . -. ' .
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@2;
Seedlings, G0c<3$l; -Tangarines. 75cfi$J 50; Jap
anese Mandarins. $1 &>SEfl 75; Lemons, 25c<ffU 25
fcr common and $1 60@2 for good to choice:
Grape Fruit. 75cS$l 60: Mexican Limes.' $5 53@
6; California Limes, 2J@5Oc; Bananas. 75c@$l 75
rer bunch; Pineapples, 75c® $2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.'
All citrus fruits remain as beforet quoted.
Limes being firm. Oranges steady and Lemons
weak- and dull. •
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—35® 65c per box for common, 75c@
$1 CO for good to choice and $1 75®2 for fancy.
PEARS — GScfitl SO per box.
Four cars of Oranges are announced for to
dajr's auction.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage — California fancy. ; standard, ;
Eastern fancy, — ; -standard, ; seconds.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected white, 17c: mixed
colors. 16c per dozen.
California gathered— Selected, 16c; standard,
; seconds, — — , •
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, — ¦; standard, ;
seconds, . ¦ . •
Dairy— Extras. 19c; firsts, lCc; seconds, 14c;
•store, lie. •
. Storage— Creamery extras, — ; firsts, ;
seconds, ; dairy extras, — ¦%
¦ • Pickle, - — per pound. ...
Keg, — per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 10c: choice,
9c; common, nominal: Young- Americas, . 10c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16%c per lb.
Dairy firsts "were higher. Stocks of Butter.
Cheese and Eggs continue large, without be
ing excessive, and as outside orders are few
the - market* lacks .snap' all around. However
the ' feeling In all three descriptions was
quoted steady on (he Exchange.
Kecelpts. as reported by the Dalrv Ex
change, were 45,000 pounds Butter, 1027 cases
Egga and 18,130 pounds Cheese.
BUTTER— .
• Creamery— Extras, 21c; firsts, 19c; seconds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ll©13c for Gob
blers and 12@14c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
14«jrl6c; Geese, per pair, $1 60ffr2: <.;o.«l1ntr*. fs o>i
@2 75; Ducks, $3 50@5 for old" and $6®7 50 for
young; Hens, $3 60@5; Young ' Roosters, $3@
6; Old Roosters, |3 5084 50; Fryers, J5a<>:
Broilers, $5@5 60 for large and $3 5034 B0 for
btnall : Pigeons, $1@1 50 per . dozen for old and
12 £0013 for Squabs. V
• GAME— Quail, $1. 50(^175 for Valley and $2 50
for Mountain; Mallard, |4@5: Canvasback, $3
05: Sprig, $3@3 60; Teal, $2 50® 3 50; Widgeon.
$2@2 60; Small Duck, $1 60; Black Jack, II 53;
Gray Geese, (3 50; White Geese. »1®1 60: Brant.
">1 fiO for small and $2 for large; Honkers, $3
@4 60; EngUsh Snipe, $3@3 60;. Jack Snipo,
$150; Hare, 75c@$l 25; Rabbits. $1 60 for Cot
tpntail and $1 for Brush; Doves, 75c per dozen.
A car of Eastern 'dressed- Turkeys 'Is held
at 13@15c Per lb.
J Doves and Mountain Quail so out of season
to-day. Arrivals of Game were' 83 sacks,
mostly Hare, which were lower In consequence.
Ducks ruled firm. . .• «
Dealers reported 'a firm • Poultry market." as
receipts from the East have. been much smaller
of late. Young stock continues much firmer
than Hens and old stock.
Poultry arid Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 15c: Asparagus,
.from Sacramento, 12>* l S'20c for forced and 40c
for natural: Green -Peaa, &@9c per lb; String
Iieans, l<K?20e; Cabbage, fl; Tomatoes, Los
Anpeles. 50c@tl 50 per crate; from Mexico.
$2 25(22 50 per crate; Egg Plant, Los Angeles,
15ff?25c per lb; Green' Peppers, Los Angeles.
25<S35c per lb for Chile- and for Bell: Dried
Peppers. 9@llc: Dry Okra. 10@15c per lb; Car
rots, 25035c per box; Hothouse Cucumbers. $1 £0
per dozen; Summer Squash, $1 50©2 60 per box;
Garlic. WIViC per lb: Marrowfat Squash. $20®
25 per ton; Mushrooms, 10©2Cc per lb. -
POTATOES— Early Rose, 63@75c: Burbanks,
3oijr50c for River, $1@1 25 per ctl for Salinas
and 65c@$l for Oregon; Garnet Chiles, from
Oregon. 50@70c; Sweets. 85ctJ?'U' for Mefced.
ONIONS— $2 23@2 75 per" ctl; Cut Onions. $1 25
@1 50 per ctl.
Asparagus has a" very ,wlde range;- according
to quality. Rhubarb continues In light receipt
and firm, and Tomatoes are plentiful, poor
and "weak.' ¦ '¦ ¦
amounting: to 10,155 sks.- The general market
was weak/ though there 'was no decline. Onions
were. firm at a further advance. Sweet Pota
toes were lower under receipts of six cars, or
1489 sks. .:- - . . • • ' ".. , " >
raarket'was active; creamery, 14<g21c: dairy,
11H®18& Cheese. --active, 10*4@ll%e.- Eggs,
dull; at mark, cases included, lsc. ,V
barrels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders * taken for less than i5
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnoi, half-bar
rels, 6.50c: boxes. 6.75c per lb.
Receipts vf Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. FEBRUARY ll_.
Flour, qr sks 8.720 (Leather, rolls 10J
Wheat, ctls 2.530 Wine, gals 122.530
Barley ctls 2.675 Chicory, bbls 10
Oats, ctls 550 Lime. bbls. .*...... 1S2
Onions, sks 15 Sugar, ctls 1C0
Potatoes, sks 10,155 Pelts. 'bdls " 93
Bran, sks 415 Hides. No 605
Middlings, ska... 245 Tallow, ctls 2S6
Hay, tons 6S1 Quicksilver, flsks 13
THURSDAY. Feb. 14— 4. p. n.
Bid. Ask. I E!J Ai>
Alph* 02 C3 Justice- ......... 07,n
Alta 03 04 Kentuck ei c
Andes n 09'Lady Wash 25 -i
Belcher 17 C7 OS
Best & Belcher 28 27 Ophlr 77 -1
Bullion C2 03 Overman ....... u ""j
Caledonia ;s 73 Potost 15 It
Challenge Con., Stt 22 Savage 13 fi
Chonar 10 11 Scorpion _ Al
Confidence 80 83 Sear Belcher . " _ ra
Con Cal & Va..X 85 1 70 Sierra Nevada" is 1*
Con Imperial... 01 02 Silver H!ll... ' 12 A
Con New York. 01 • 02 Bt Louis U £
Crffwn Point... 16 IS Standard .. "4^441
Eureka Con C6 —'Syndicate. "' _ en
Exchequer , 01 C2iUnIon Con * ** r*>
Gould & Curry. 37 WlUtah "" m \k
Hale & Norcrs. 13 20 Yellow Jacket." 21 sa
Julia — 02i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Afternoon Session.
200 Alt* 03 2C0 Gould & Curry 31
200 Best & Belcher S3 10O Mexican 3 >
200 Best & Belcher .31 300 Mexican .... r,
40O Best & Be.lch*r 2S 300 Mexican .... "* tj
300 Best & Belcher 27 300 Mexican ."* M
200 Challenge Con.. 22 500 Ophlr " i
100 Con Cal & Va..l 80 200 Ophlr !"* rj
100 Con Cal & V.I T7H 200 Ophlr ...... a**
300 Con Cal & Va..l 75 . 200 Savage "* 5
SOO Con Cal & Va-.l 70 200 Sierra Nevada" IT
60CO Con Imperial... 03 WO Sierra Nevada* 13
300 Gould & Curry. 41
Morning Session.
40OAlta C3 MO Mexican 3^
40O Best A Belcher 31 70Q> Mexican jT
400 Best & Belcher 32 10O Ophlr " it
100 Con Cal & Va..l 80 100 Qphlp «.
630 Con Cal & Va..l 75 .400 Ophlr /* **
400 Con Cal AV.im» 600 Ophlr ".* jm
£00 Con Imperial... 03 600 Savage is
E0O Con Imperial... 01 200 Sierra Nevada. —1
»0O Crown Point... 17 illOO Union Con -1
SCO Gould & Curry. 431 600 Yellow Jacket h
Following: were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
200 Belcher 20 100 Justlc* (ft
600 Best A Belcher 31 SCO Mexican 31)
200 Caledonia 7? 400 Ophlr 83
200 Caledonia ....:. 79 100 Overman » 13
100 Challenge- 21 100 Potoal is
40O Challenge 20 S0O Sierra Nevada.. 17
3PO Chollar 11 100 Silver Hill 43
600 Con Cal & Va..l 75 33 Union Con» 2t
200 Con Cal & Va..l 80 300 Utah 10
100 Gould & Cnrry. 40 SCO Yellow Jacket. 21
400 Hale & Norcrs. 13
Afternoon Session,
200 Gould & Curry. 41 800 Union Con 23
200 Gould & Curry. 40 800 Union Con. b 30 30
600 Mexican 31 SCO Yellow Jacket.. 31
200 Mexican 30
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1901.'
' Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
CALL. CALENDAR.
February. 19C1.
14 SIX
4 S3U
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
~S. IM! T. (W.I T.I F.| 3. Mooni Pfcajes. '
"7 ft i T TTItIT y^toSy*^
— 1- i if? La«t Quarter.
10 11 i It . 13 f 14 f 15 (li V- February :i.
m « m k a| -^rirn oua^T
• .-' ' I I -J* FVbniary a.
STATIONS. ;
1 Last This
24 Hours Season.
Last
Season
Kureka
R«j Bluff
Fscramraio
Pan Francisco
Fr*f:io
In<ii>r*n<J*nee
San Luis Obitpo
Jx>6 Angles
f-un Diego
.__]
.04 SI.M
- .10 19.23
Trace 13.80
.C8 14.70 .
Trace 9.30
4*3
2€.€S
13.53
8.50
i
8.15
1.-..2J
* 13.63
14.57
6.13
2.09
12.50
4.57
2.65
STATIONS. ;
1 Last This
24 Hours Season.
Last
Season
Kureka
R«j Bluff
Fscramraio
Pan Francisco
Fr*f:io
In<ii>r*n<J*nee
San Luis Obitpo
Jx>6 Angles
f-un Diego
.__]
.04 SI.M
- .10 19.23
Trace 13.80
.C8 14.70 .
Trace 9.30
4*3
2€.€S
13.53
8.50
i
8.15
1.-..2J
* 13.63
14.57
6.13
2.09
12.50
4.57
2.65
OCEAIT TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
£ ¦ " ' Steamers leave Broadway
>L. wharf, San Francisco:
E*»w.- For Alaskan Port3— 11 a. m .
L*^3S?f»fct. Feb. 15, 20. 23. March 2.
Hp'tJwc'Sr"*^ Change to company's steaserj
i*RJS|l^aq For Victoria, Vancouver fB
ERE*Bi««32m c -^- foit Townsend. Se.itt>.
r^****CBW ; 3ai\ Pacoma, E^'ere.tt. Anacort\»
and New Whatcom (Wash.i —
11 a. m.. Feb 15. 20. 23. March
2 and every fifth day thereafter. Change- at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. •
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Feb.* 17.
22. 27. March 4, and every nfth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angelea and Redondo (Los
Angeles)-^Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Santa Crui. Monterey; San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Lnls Oblspo), Gavlot.i,
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro,
Kast San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-—
Steamer Corona. Fridays, & a. m.; steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays. .9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. Ban Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pai. Santa Rosal! i
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 19 a. in.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right ta change
steamers, sailing dates and hours ot sailing
without previous notice.
TICKKT- OPKICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALU PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. B. & If. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMEH3 TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
Cl DC $'2 First Class including B«rth
I AnC $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails Feb. K. 5r.v. 4
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Feb. 17. 17. Mar. 9
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and : all points in the Northwest.
Tl- rough tickets, to all points East.
. £• C. WARD, General Agent.
. 830 Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISfll
STEAMERS WTLL, LEAVE WHARP, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hontrkonsr with steamers for
.India, etc. No cargo received on board, on day
of sailing-.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 1£». 19*>l
SS. AMERICA MARU. ...Friday. March 15, 1001
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. April 9, 1!XH A
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. ¦ Tot A
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
. W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE. .
KtV TORI. EOCTHAHPTOIT. L0SD05. PASI3.
Stoppln* at Cherbo-urr. westbound.
From Ne-wr Tork Everr Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York Feb. 27|New York....Marcn »
Vaderland ....March 8 Vaderland ...March 27
Stl bouts March 13' St. Louis ...April I
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwarp.
FTom New York Every "Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frlesland Feb. 27 Kensington ..March 23
Southwark ...March 6 Noordland ....March 27
Westernland.. March* 13 Ftiesland, April S
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPAST,
CHAP. D. TAYLOR. •
•': ';¦', General Agent Pacific Coast,
30 Montgomery street.
UCVGIIIC SlOttU. ZEALAND ..0 STOMEY,
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. February 23. 2 p. m.
PS SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New
'Zealand and Australia
....Wednesday. March 6, at 9 p. m.
SS. "AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti........ .........
. Wednesday. March 13. 4 p. m.
I D SPSECKELS & BROS. CO., GaneraJ Jjaitj. 327 Warts' St
Bta'l Pawaagsr StSta, 643 Hiriet St. Piar lc % PaaS: St
PANAMA, R.R.S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. 9105; Steerage. £40. , |
S. S. Boanoke sails Tuesday, Feb. 10.
S. S. St. Paul sails Tuesday, March 5.
S S. Argyll sails Tuesday, ."March 19.
From wharf, foot of Fremont st., at 2. p. m.
Freight and paesentrer office. 334 Market st.
• F. F. CONNOR. Pacinc Coast -Agent.
{ PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO. AND
OOMPANIA BCD AMERICANA DS VAP02E3
To .Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. From section No.
2. Seawall. Salllne: " • ¦_ „
S8 PALENA F»)*uary 22. 1901. at 12 m.
SS, COLOMBIA •• -March 7. 1M1
SS. TUCAPEL r March 20. m
S3. AREQUIPA April. 4. 1901
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service <>o
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Frelg.it and
passenger office. 318 California «tt*\
BALFOUR. OUTHRIE A CO.. Agents.
fcOMPAGHTS OESSRAM TIiAHSATLAItTI«"JS-
Broadway (Hudson tuimfgi. { $
fc- V 3^^ avenue: San Francisco. Tickets
FOR U. S. HAYY YARD AND VALLEJO.
5 tc^mrr "M*or»tfcello. "
MON fn.es... "VTed.. Thurs. and 8at" at IMS
a m * 315. 8:30 P- m - < <x Thursday nigrht): Prl-^
days' 1 P- m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m..^
S m" LandlnB and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier "No. 2. Telephone -Main liui. ¦The physician went out alone. A few
hours before oaybreak he was brought
back to his hotel, bleeding profusely from
half a dozen severe, wounds and his money
and watch pone.' The attending physician
expressed the opinion that the wounded
man had been drugged.
EL PASO. Tex.. Feb. 14.— Dr. Alfred E.
Meyer of New York was drugged with
knockout drops, seriously cut with a knife
and robbed of $1000 or more last night.
Dr. Meyer has been spending a week ln
the city with A. Movins. a millionaire pa
tient.
E. Meyer of New York While
Visiting El Paso.
Unpleasant Experience of Dr. Alfred
to compromise for $2200. Urzi has refused
this offer, and broueht suit.
.
PHYSICIAN" IS DBTJGGED
AND ROBBED OF HIS MONET
This morning a man named Esplnosa
was examined on the charge of rescuing
Ruiz, to which he pleaded guilty. When
called as a witness this afternoon he tes
tified in so contrary a manner to what his
plea admitted that a shorthand reporter
was sent for and his testimony again
taken. H© denied having released Rula
and said he did not see him. though he
went with Wllllam9 to the Jail. This tea
tlrrony may constitute a case of perjury
if the District Attorney sees fit to press
the matter later on. The rest of his tes
timony was guarded and reluctant.
SANTA BARBARA. Feb. 14.— The trial
of H. I* Williams, charged with rescuing
Oscar Ruiz from the City Jail oa Feb
ruary S. was called to-day before Police
Judge Price. Police officers testified that
Ruiz was released, t rom the Jail during the
temporary absence of the officers. Cap
tain Shoup had Issued orders when Ruiz
was arrested not to allow him out on
ball that night because he was drunk.
This was tacitly understood by the of
ficers and they so informed the priaoner'a
father.
Gives CoDflicting Testimony
in the Williams Trial
at Santa Barbara.
MAY BE HELD
FOR PERJURY
LATE MARINE ENGINEER,
FOR TWENTY-FIVE YEARS
• CHIEF OP ONE SHIP.
Kbenezer Knowlton, the pioneer school
teacher, has been granted a divorce
from Elizabeth Knowlton on the ground
of desertion. Knowlton'g testimony that
he was deserted by his wife several years
«F° was corroborated by his son, Ralph
Knowlton. and the decree ' was ¦•- granted
Decrees of divorce on the ground. of cru
elty were granted to DortnhyR. Taylor
from E. D. Taylor and Ottllie Wolchow
from Albert "Wolchow. Suits 'for divorce
were filed yesterday by Sadie A; ; Wood
worth against TriUer W. AVopdworth ' t or
cruelty -« n d Meta D.' Franzonl against
William Franzonl for cruelty.'
i ...
Knowlton Granted a Divorce.
United Stales Immigrant Inspectors
Crawford and Engelcke raided a disrep
utable house, 3 Brooklyn alley, last
Wednesday evening and arrested- Miss
Matf.1, alias Mrs. Ei Honda, and Miss
liana Mura, alias Yushl Ishisaka, on a
charge of being in the country illegally.
The MatBU girl arrived from Japan with
Miss Mura and two others on January 3
of this j-ear. she saying that she was the
•wife of a Japanese cook named Honda.
Honda appeared at tho Immigration Bu«
reau and claimed her, and, .their stories
agreeing, she was allowed to land. Miss
Mura and the two others were ordered
deported, it being believed that they came
hither for an immoral purpose.
Mura and Matsu made a confession to
Immigration Commissioner North yes
terday of the purpose for which they had
come to California. Miss Mura paid that
when the steamer on which they were be
ing deported touched at Honolulu she
asked the man at the gangplank to allow
her to go ashore for the purpose of get
ting a bath. He allowed her and the two
other girls to leave the steamer. They re
mained in a Japanese lodging house in
Honolulu for two weeks and returned to
this city on the next steamer.
The two in custody will be. deported. A
penalty of $300. in each cast-, is imposed
upon the master of any. vessel who ghall
"refuse or neglect'.' to take the deported
person to the port whence he came.
Ordered Deported and Allowed to
Leave the Steamer at Hono
lulu and Return.
NEW WAY Ot LANDING
JAPANESE SLAVE GIRLS
COURT OF APPEALS DECISION.— The
United States Circuit Court of Appeals handed
down a decision yesterday in the suit of J."
Frank Aldrlch as receiver of the First Na
tional Hank of Washington vs. Adolphus F.
McClalne reversing the Judgment and direct
ing tho Circuit Court to overrule the demur-
BOUGHT STOLEN LIQUOR.— O. Sang-uln
ettl. liquor dealer, Vallejo and Davis streets
was arrested yesterday by Petectlves Ryan
and O'Dea on a charge of receiving stolen
good*. He is accused of buying ten cases 'of
whisky that were stolen from the California
warehouse at Second and Townsend streets.
THREE JAPANESE ESCAPES RECAP
TURED.—Three of the sir Japanese stowa
ways who escaped from the detention Hhed at
the Mall dock early yesterday morning-, were
recaptured by the steamchlp company's peo
ple yesterday and placed on board tha steam
er ln Irons. »
OFFICER GILMN SHOT.-As Officer Peter
Glllln was alighting from a car at Van Ness
avenue and Sacramento street Ia*t nltrlu. his
revolver dropped from his pocket and was dis
charged. The bullet entered his right heel and
the I wound will confine him to his bed for
several da;s.
JAPANESE SERVANT ASPHYXIATED —A
Japanese boy 17 years old, known as "George "
and working as a sen-ant for Miss Rose Sha't
tuck at 810 Turk street, was found dead in
his bed yesterday morning with the sras turned
fully on. The. affair is believed to have been
SUES. WALTER DINMORE.- Jule C Gair-
Bfte filed suit yesterday against Walter R -
Dlnmore to recover *600 on two promissory
notes executed by the defendant: The plain
tiff, through the Sheriff, attached, the property
of the defendant pendioe the court's "decision.
COMPACT DS EXTERTAWMEKT.-Cm
pany D. L»a*u* of the Cross Cadets will Klve
H n a ii e « ter « In T ent an<1 bal1 ln Native Sons-
Han on Monday evening next.
AGED PRINTER DIES.-Ber.Jamln ColIIn*
a. printer. €0 years of age. was folfn" diad in
JfT at California .treS? lit a««h t
His death wa« due to erysipelas
t S S5? A ? DEMOCRATIC MEETIXG.-Rev. F
I. w neat addressed a large audience of Social
liemoorat. last night at Academy of Sciences
Hall on the subject of "Trade Balancea."
OSCARTOLLE HURT.— Oecar Tollfl ri»rW
of Suoerlor Judge Cook's cour" was thrown
from a bugrgy by a collision ln the park yes
terday afternoon and severely Injured about
tne head.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS,
Lieutenant Henry Ulke registered at
the California yesterday. He came from
the Bast to Join the ilcCulloch.
Thomas O. Toland, a merchant of Ven
tura, accompanied by his wife, is a guest
at the Grand.
E. A. Davis of Placervllle and H. S.
Rirk, an attorney of Sacramento,- are
guests at the California.
B. U. Stelnman, a merchant and ex-
Mayor of Sacramento, is registered at
the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Judge Kenneth Jackson of Seattle Is at
the LJck.
T. L. Gates, a fruit man of Vacavllle,
is at the Grand.
Louis J. Corbitt. a publisher of Chicago,
i"? at the Palace.
Dr. H. L. Pace, a State Senator of Tu
lare, Is at the Palace.
George A. Legg of Nevada City, a min
ing man, in at the Occidental.
Police Commissioner John Pedder of
Pittfiburg is at the California.
Dr. E. A. Sweeney of Fresno and H.
H. Hunter of Delta are stopping at the
Grand. : - ••"•
Masons, of which Mr. Martland was a
member.
In accordance with the frequently ex
pressed wish of Mr. Martland, the body
wili be cremated and tho ashes scattered
to the winds from the deck of the Corona
DR. REMLEY HOW
VIOLENTLY INSANE
Was Living the Life of a
Hermit to Test Vege
tarian Diet.
• ¦ t
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, . Feb. 14.— Deputy
Constable Bunce to-day /brought Dr.
Frederick A. Remley from Santa Maria
to this city to be examined for his sanity.
He was discovered some days ago at hi3
hei milage, near Point Sal, under his bed
nude and in a deplorable state. For
about four years Remley has been living
near the old Point Sal chute landing en
tirely by himself, his nearest neighbor
being a Swiss dairyman. He chose the
place so that he could lead a purely vege
tarian life and treat himself for stomach
trouble. Of his past life little Is known
beyond the fact that he was graduated
from a German university and was highly
educated. At various times he has been
engaged to lecture and had the reputation
of being- a most able speaker, particularly
on German subjects.
He has a mania for making butter and
will eat nothing but milk. When not do
ing that he is praying and imagines him
self to be God. • At Los Ollvos, where the
party stopped last night, he broke the
bedstead. to pieces and had to be tied
down. His relatives reside at Mason City,
Iowa. " "
MAY FIGHT IN DENVER.
General Assembly Repeals the Re-
cently Passed Law.
DENVER. Feb. '14.— The lower House of
the General Assembly to-day struck out
the enacting clause of the Senate bill to
repeal the Cannon prizefight bill passed
two years ago. As a result Manager
Floto of the Colorado Athletic Associa
tion will to-morrow submit an offer to
Jeffries and Ruhlln to come here and pull
off the big fight, which the decision of the
Ohio courts to-day caused to be •. post
poned indefinitely in Cincinnati, and which
probably could not be held In Ohio at all.
The failure of the act to repeal the prize
fight measure leaves the Colorado stature
in a chaotlq condition and it is not thought
that there would be any great obstacles
placed In the way of a plan to hold the
fight in Denver. The Cannon law repealed
the old statute which made prizefighting
a' felony and there is now no law against
prizefighting in this State, inasmuch a
a decision of the Arapahoe District Court
holding the Cannon law unconstitutional
has been appealed and is still pending.
The Police Commissioners of Denver are
openly, favorable to fighting, and it is said
the Governor would not interpose any
serious objection. Manager Floto Is con
sulting with the authorities to-night be
fore making a formal offer.
Movements of the Wax-spite.
S, AN DIEGO, Feb." 14.— Oeorge H. Ba'
lou Jn response to an invitation to Ad
miral Bickford of the British Paclfls
Squadron,- has - received his acceptance
and the programme of the movements o*
the admiral and the flagship Warsplte.
showing that he will visit San Diego
about Slay .7. The Warsplte is to leave
Esqulmalt on the 2d of next month on a
ten thousand-mile cruise. She will go first
to Honolulu thence to Acapulco and down
the coast as far as San Jose de Guate
mala, Retornlng. she will stop at Magdn
lena Bay on May 2 and at San Diego en
the 7th to remain for two or three da>'3.
After leaving San Diego the steamer will
go direct to Esquimau.
Quarantine Against Vallejo.
VAL/LEJO, Feb. 14.— As : the result of a
case of- smallpox appearing: in this city
Monday, the marine, barracks and receiv
ing ship Independence have instituted a
quarantine against Vallejo. Vallejo mer
chants deposit ordered supplies at a float
and retire, whereupon the representatU'ea
of ¦ the barracks and chip advance and
take po?seBalon of the goods. As. a fur
ther precaution none ot the enlisted men
below the grade of chief petty officer are
allowed ashore and the latter must first
submit to vaccination. A rush: of schools
children to be vaccinated occupies all tha
time the Health Officer, can possibly spare
from his private practice.
Sues Insurance Companies.
SAN JOSE, F«b. 14.— G. Urzl. a . fruit
drier, whose packing-house was degtroye J
by fire on December 20 last, has sued ihe
Scottish Union and National Insurance
companies for $3500 due on a policy. r^Urii
lost 170,840 "pounds of dried prunes, of the
value of J4S15. in the fire. Their loss was
covered by a policy of $3500. The company
The funeral will take place at 2 o'clock
to-day from the home on McAllister street
under the auspices of Mission c Lodge of
Besides a wife, the deceased leaves two
sons— Benjamin K., chief engineer of the
coaster Willamette; Robert W., former
manager of Native Sons' Hall, and a
daughter, Mrs. Major Mulford of Manila,
Mrs. Martland has been ill for some
time, and with the advent of this new
misfortune It Is feared she will not re
cover.
Mr. Martland was a man whose char
acter was never called Into question and
who was loved and esteemed by all who
knew him.
Mr. Martland was born in Fall River,
Mass., on August 16, JS44, and was mar
ried at Newport. R. I., in 1S67. He came
to California in 1S6S and was employed aa
a machinist at Sacramento and Marys
ville before attaining his position on
board the Corona, which he held for
about twenty-five years. As engineer he
ranked second in point of service with
the Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
He was chairman of the board of -trus
tees of the Marine Engineers' Association
eince it£ foundation, and for several years
also was chairman of the examining board
of the same organization.
lister street, late Wednesday
night Heart failure, superinduced by a
light attack of the erip, was the cause
of death.
WILLIAM K. MARTLAND.
chief engineer of the coast
steamship Corona, died sud
denly at his borne. 1292 McAl-
WILL SCATTER HIS ASHES
FROM THE CORONA'S DECK
W. K. Martland, for Quarter of a Century
Chief Engineer of That Vessel, Dies.
Commodore Hivadavia.
BTTKNOS AYRKS. Feb. 14— Commodore
Martin Rlvadavia, the Minister of Marine,
is dead, from the effects of a fall.
LON'DON\ Feb. 14.— I>ady Jnverelyde
died to-day at Castle Wcxny^s on the Firth
of Forth. Scotland. Sir John Burns, flirt
Baron Inverclyde. her husband, died oa
Tuesday last."
Lady Inverclyde.
Judge James Monroe Jackson died to-day
aged 76 years. He was a brother of Judse
J. J. Jackson, the oldest United States
Judpe. lie was a former member of Con
prcM.
Judge James Monroe Jackson.
PARKKUSBIRO, W. Va., Keb. H._
B. F. Murphy.
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. Ftb. 14-B. F. Mur
ihy, an old resident of Sonoma County
:alifornla. died last night, aered S3 years'
deceased was the father of >J. C. Murphy"
Jovernor of Arizona, and President K M*
ilurphy of the Santa Fe. Prescott and
'ho'jnix Railway.
.¦ - ? .
Mrs. Martha M. Main.
SAN* JOFE, Feb. H.-Mrs, Martha M
Main, a pioneer woman of this county,
died at ht-r home ct J>»s Gatos at an early
hour this mornlrp. 6he was a native of
r ' IT' r 'S an<1 7< B£f* of aere - A la w
xi ¦I, ¦ "own children, among them If.
If. Mam the well-known newspaper man.
Legal Tender Coxey.
PITTSRIRG. Feb. 14.-Le ga l Tender,
son of General Cojtey of the Commonweal
army, died to-d^y of ecarlet fever at Man.
eillon, Ohio. He was born a few days
before Coxey'p march to Washington in
]«•!. General Ccxey 's now in the West
and cannot be reached by telegraph.
i THE DAY'S DEAD. *
N. M. Hedges.
TETALT'MA. Feb. U.S. M. Hedges
fiied here this mornings Deceased came
to California in the spring of 1S50, just a
few months too late to be numbered with
the 'ftetft. Almost twenty years before
he came to California he rounded th-j
I 2!PV n & * hi "<-r. ea^linir from Xew Bed
ford for ih» Arctic. Tne deceased passed
U9I and W* while engaged in three-year
wha.lng crudes. He came to CalifornlT
in a 2t*»-to5i sohor.m-r. in which he and tho
other owners sailed around the Horn and
then ran on the China trade for several
yf> , arF iT P ereasf : rt ff as-a brother of Can
vii. n!5? M A U t°,r as r " le of thc * famous
r^ew Bedford whalinu caytams.
John C. TalkingtOE
CAHTO, Feb. 14-John C. Talkinpton, a
•ftell-known and highly esteemed citizen
nf Mendocino County and resident of Long
Valley, rfropperi dead of heart failure at
his residence near here last evening-. Mr
Talkington ram^ to the county iri
JR59. He was born In Illinois in Its. When
he first ramp to California he enpaped in
mininjr in Plumas County and later moved
to I-iong- Valley, where he since has been
f-ngi&eed Jn the cattle business. He leaves
four brothers, one being the ex-Sheriff of
I-ake County, Oregon. He also leaves a
wife and ten children.
FAX JOSE. Feb. 14.— About a dozen
¦witnesses vere examined to-day at the
trial el Frederick Bsjrerow for the mur
der of August Berber, but the testimony
was mainly favorable to the defendant.
The stories told by nearly a*l the wit
nesses went to substantiate Beserow's
plea of self-defense. The testimony is
identical with that piven at tne three for
mer trials, when Regerow vas on trial
for the murder of Joseph Cech. Benerow
killed both of these men at the brewers'
picnic here on July 13 last.
John Duncan, an eyewitness, testified
that Beeerow had "Biemarck" Smith un
der arrest, and Hergrer and Cech demand
ed his rHcas». Berper struck the Alviso
Constable, and he and Ceph proceeded to
lake the prisoner from the officer. Beger
ow warned them to oesist, but they kept
on comfnc after him. I>efendant then
<ir»w his revolver and after firing- one
iFfcnffn- th«»"Rlr killed Och and Berper.
John Malor.ey, Tr>m Stone. Ralph Peten
and Hupo Llehenthal told practically the
same etory. Other witnesses -were Dr
Seifert, 'William Lutfrer. I). B. Gruell and
W. H. Bloom.
Max Shann^nberg. a 14-yar-old boy
pave a little different version of the af
fair, but the main points were the Earn?
The prosecution wll | pro bably finish its
caee to-morrow.
.»
Suffocated in Their Tent
TUCSON. Ariz.. F*-b. 34.— George Wheal-
Iry, a well-known mining- man. and two
Mexican miners were found dead in their
tent, one mile from the mining camp of
Ehultz. thirty miles from Tucson. When
found the panics i.ad been dead several
cayp. Indications pLiint to death from
c harcoal fumes. Some believe that they
were poisoned. Thi? body of one of the
Mfxlcar.5 nap bc-ir.p consumed by fire
when the bodies were discovered.
Witnesses Declare That He Shot Cech
and Berger in Sclf-
Defense.
TESTIMONY FAVORABLE
TO FHEDHRICK BEGEEOW
Same to Matilda E. Flood, lot on NW lint
of Mission street, J20 BW of Tenth. SW 40 bv
NW 110; also lot on SE line of Jessie etreet
120 SW of Tenth; SW 84 by SE 60 (reserving
life estate)- gift. "¦ *
City and County* of San Francisco to Thomas
F. Butler, lot on W line of Capp street 40
S of Eighteenth. S 30 by W S8; £IL_ eif '
Mary A. Lemon to Mary E. Ferguson and
Margaret E. Colford. lot on S line of Hill
stieet, 62 E of Guerrero. E 25 by S 90- no
Mary Q. Lennon to Juliet L. Oonlan, Ella G
end James E. Lennon, all interest In It* on
NE corner of Porland and Church strata v
30 by E 81:10; gift." . ' *
Same to same, all Interest In lot on E line
or Church street. 30 N of norland. N 25 bv
E SlilO; gift. . ¦,"., '-..".
G(»orgie Greathouse to Laura M. Dohertv lot
oa W line of Webster street. 68 8 of Sacra
mento. S 24:7K by W 82: $5000. .
GeorRe W. and -Bertha Wemer to Emll H11I
munn. loo on • E line of Florida street, !29 ic
of Twenty-second, NT 81 by B 100; $3000.
Henry Callahan to Ellen Callahan, lot on N
line of Washington street, S8:9 e of Mason
E 3?:» by N 137 :«; Rift. nauni
John and Catherine- McGrath' to Henry E
P-othln, lot on NW line of Tehama street 155
SW of First; SW 25 by NW SO; 1S500. - ¦"¦-*°*
r Mary G. Xennon to Sarah F. Lennon, undi
vided one-half of lot on SW line of Sixth
street. 160 SE of . Folsom. SE 25 by aw 120-
Klft. ..-,¦¦- ¦ . . ~ '
Anna M. A. Binning- (Drojcer), Charles Bin
ning and Wilhelmina H. Droger to Christian
Froellch. lot on NW corner of Twentieth
(Napa) and Michigan streets. N 200 by W "00
(subject to existing leases); $60,6M.
-M. Ballin'to Alvln and Elizabeth Sarcander.
lot on Sline. of Seventh avenue south ISO w
cf K street. W SO bv S 100, block 141. Central
Park ] lomestead ; $500.
: V BuildtrsV Contracts.
N. K-'Masten (ownar),. with A. Hawkins
(contractor), architect Frank S. Van Trees-
All, work for a 2-story and attic frame txilld
ina; >on lot- on -N. line of ¦ Washington street
2S0:3^ E of First -avenue, E 60:3,» N 129, \V
64. S 127:RU: total. $6035. " - •
James Lough, (owner), with Paniel Einstein
(contractor, and • architect) — All. work for a
3-story and a 3-story and 'attic frame buildings
(fiats) <¦ on, lot ¦ on . NW : corner of Halgrht and
I*vsiad>ro streets, W 60 by N 87:6, W.A.'
German Ravings and I«oan Society to Gustav
end Ray Hartman," lot on W line of Goutrh
itieet. £5 S of Post, S 27:6 by W 110;' $1O
City and County of San Francisco to' Theresa
M. Brooks, lot on X line of Sacramento street
31:9 W of Stelner. W 29 by N 103; $ .
Jeremiah Mehegan to Honorah Mehegan Mot
on W line of Pierce street, 75 S of Ellis 8
23 by W 90; also lot on W line of Pierce street
100 8 of ElllB. S 25 by TV 90: R lft. Dlr «i,
Thomas Doolan to Mary L. T. Jonea (wife
of Perley C.) and Loretto R. Doolan, lot on
SW line of Ninth street, 223 SE of Market SE
CO by SW SO; also lot on NW line of -Mission
street. 160 SW of Tenth. SW 20 by NW no
also lot on SE line .of Jessie street. 154 SW of
Tenth. SW 61 by SB 60 (reserving life estate);
Estate of Jean Larshaud or Lachaux (by
Jules Jullen, executor) to Bertrand BaHes and
Pierre Latapie, lot on 8W line of Nineteenth
avenue, 150 SB of L street, SB 75 by SW 100
block 3S7, South San Francisco Homestead and
Railroad Association: also lot on BW line of
Twentieth avenue, 75 SE of L street SE 75
by SW 100. block 403. same; $605. . "
> Mary J. Guffy to Pierre - Monjou, lot 1, block
95; iot 2, block 115, University HomeBtead Ae
eocUtion; $500.
H. Seymour Manning to Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, lot on X\V corner of
Thirty-alxth avenue and K street South W 35
by N 100, block 6L.Paul Tract; $1.
Estate of .Lucy Armstrong (by Joseph WJn
terburn and E. S. Chapman, executors) to
Felix Marcuse. lot on W line of Sixth avenue
250 N of Point Lobon, N DO by W 110; $1350
Felix and Delflna Marcuse to Edward Gin
ley, same; J135Q.
M, and Catherine McCann to James A. John
eon, lot 350, Rift Map 2; $10.
Charles A. and Mary E. Hare to John S and
Bertha L. Hare, undivided half interest in lot
on SB line of Railroad avenue, 211:9 SW of
Eleventh, SW 120 by SE 200, Central Park
Homestead "Afsociatlpn; $2000.
James Stewart to Southern Pacific Com
pany, lot on E line of Mississippi street, 60 S
of Twenty-fifth (Volo), S 50 by E 100; $1.
Joseph B. and Mabel L. Coryell to Southern
Pacific Company, lot on ME corner of Twen
ty-fifth (Volo) street and Mississippi, N 100 by
E 100; $2000. *
Narcisbo. Hubb'ell to L. H. Sly, lot on N line
of Bush street. 68:9 E of Leavenworth, E 45:10.
N 137:6 \V 45:10. S fc2:6, E l',i inches, S 45, \V
VA inches, S 10; $10. .
Lydia S.. Esther, Sara and Kate Reinsteln
to Barton S. Hays, lot on N line of Eddy
street, 80 W of Leavenworth, W 31 :6 by V
137:6; J14.000.
Elizabeth 8.. Lulu F., George H. and Alice
G. Prescott and Ella , F. Spencer (wife of
Lowell B.) to George L. Bradley, lot on N line
of Bush street, 6S:9 E of Leavenworth E 45:10
by N 137:6; $5. \ .
Eetate of Charles S. Rlzzinl (by Darrell A.
Hare, administrator) to- Homer 8. King, lot
on S line of Francisco Etreet, 135 W of Dupont.
W 30 by S 70: $1200.
Georse 1!. Hill to J. L. and L. G. Siller,
lot on N line of Broadway, 162 w of Stockton
street, \V 20 by N S8:3. quitclaim deed; $500.
Agnes C. Hill to same, same; $3000.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to same.'
lot on N line of Broa.iway. 89 XV of Stockton
street, W 83:3 by N 15J.6; $18,900. -
Edward W. and Oeorglna C. Hopkins to Hop-<
kins Investment Company (corporation),' all in
terest in lot on NW comer of Eddy and Powell
streets. W 150. N 75', E 75, S 10. E 75. S 65
$291,000. - : '
William F v and Mabel K. Hopkins to same,
all interest in same; «0Q. 000.
Johanna Fanning to John Fanning, lot on 'W
line of Mason street, 18 N of Green. N 16-4<A
by W 4S:S; J1000.
Frederick J. and Alma Lewzey to C. B. Wil
son, lot on W !ln# of PHng1<» eourt (Alleys
court). 70 N of Greenwich" street. >T 67:6 by
W 60; $5500. ' . ¦ •
Rose Late (wife of F«lix Latz) to Fannie L.
Tyler, lot on X line of Sacramento street, 203:8
W of Central avenue. W 27:8 Dy N 127:8Vi; $6500.
Helen A. and William W. Deamer to Mary
A. Bailey, lot on SB «-orner of Fourteenth and
Mission streets, E 160 by S 170, quitclaim deed;
$500. . \ '
T. B. and Annie E. Draper to r»ora Schiller,
lot on K line of Tremont avenue, 516 S of
Frederick street, S 26 by E 80; $5000. •
London and San Francisco Bank (Ltd.) to
Leon Lewln, lot on N line of Pacific avenue
66 E of Baker street. E 71:6 by N 127:?>»; $9000.
Estate of Mahlen D. Bturges (by Frederick
E. IVhitney and W. \V. Haley, executors) to
I«aac Roeenthal, lot on NW corner of Fell
street and Masonic avenue, W 2g by N.100
$7750.
Ieaac Rosenthal to Henry P. Sonntag, same;
$2750.
Isabella Inches to Robert Inches, lot on N
line of Fell street, 155:7 W of Van Xess avenue,
W 45:10 by N ISO, reserving: life estate, etc.;
gift.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
OAKLAND, Feb. 14. — Charles
Twombly is one of the army of
the great unwashed. According
to his own confession Twombly
hasn't used soap for four weeks.
Twombly says, however, that it is not his
fault that he has gone uncleansed all this
time. He would have bathed If his land
lady would have let him.
It was Twombly's understanding: with
Margaret Brown, the cruel landlady be
fore mentioned, when he engaged the bay
window room of her house, 619 Nineteenth
street, that he was to have a bath once
a week. The water was to be hot and
there was to be a large bar of washing
soap on hand. Besides the bath It was
agreed that Twombly should have the
liberty of the laundry, use the home-made
washboard whenever he wanted It, and be
made more secure with two whole panes
of glass put in place of two broken ones.
, But according to Twombly. the land
lady did not stick to her agreement. For
some reaspn unknown to him she turned
the bathroom water off after he had been
a lodger for just a short time. Then she
gradually curtailed his privileges until the
run of the bouse was his no more and he
was denied the washboard for keeps. Four
weeks of this.
This recital is Twombly's in a cross
complaint and answer filed by him to-day
in the suit brought against him by the
landlady for the return of her room. He
characterized her as having acted "un
lawfully, willfully and maliciously, and
with the purpose and aim of causing de
fendant herein harm, detriment and dam
ape." For damages Twomblv wants $25
for the water he didn't get, $5 for being
denied the society of the washboard and
$50 for sickness caused by unrepaired win
dows.
SLIGHTED WOMAJff PLANS
A TERRIBLE REVENGE
Causes a Physician's Stove to Be
Filled With Explosive Because
of a Quarrel.
DAYTON, O.. Feb. 14.— It is alleged
-three young women claim the affection of
Dr. W. It. Scott. Ha had a misunder
standing with one of the women and it is
said, to be revenged, she caused the doc
tor's office to be robbed of $300 worth of
instruments and caused the furnltunj
operating chairs to be ruined. The doc
tor's stove was filled with a powerful ex
plosive, so that when he returned from
visiting his patients and undertook to light
his gas fire he would be blown to atoms.
parents or guardians. The number oC
children in the home now is 115.
The rule is that children are not to be
retained at the home after they attain
the age of 14 years. It may be necessary
to retain them for a short time after thsy
reach that age, however, in order to settla
, them in a congenial place, but generally
.that Is done before the time limit has been
reached. Up to the age of 14 years tha
children are supported by the State, sums
I being paid to the home as follows out of
the State treasury: Full orphans, $50 for
each six months; half-orphans, $37 for
each six months; foundlings, $73 for each,
six months until the children are eight
een months of age, when they aro rated
and paid for as full orphans.
The last year the management pur
chased a lot 66x190 feet at 1666 Ninth street
and on it erected at a cost of $3000 a ba
bies' home cf eight rooms, in which
twenty-five Infants are sheltered. Very
little money is received from the parents
and guardians of the inmates, so that tho
expense of the Institution Is borne la th»
main by the State, though a number of
donations, generally small, are received
during the year.
The most liberal allowance of this kind
is $125 per month from the Mary A. Crock
er trust. The home has fifteen attaches,
all of whom are paid practical salaries.
The coming year will witness the making
of a number of changes in tho main build
ing which ¦will increase tha capacity and
comfort of that institution.
The total of receipts jtor the eighteen
months in question reached (22X9 37 and
the expenditures during that timer reached
$18.2S5 68. not including tha $3000 for tha
babies' home.
This home Is one of the most deserving
of the eleemosynary institutions of this
city, a fact which Is all the more to its
credit because it is practically under the
exclusive management of ladies who are
also engrossed with the cares of home
life.
At the last general meeting the reports
of the officers were read, and showed that
the home was In a most satisfactory con
dition. Improvements have been made,
all expenses have been met and there was
an outline decided upon of other improve
ments which will bo carried out during
the present fiscal year. This is a show
ing which is gratifying to the friends of
the institution and to those who have the
Interest of dependent little ones at heart.
The reports In question covered a period
of eighteen months, for the reason that
at the annual meeting preceding that Just
.Mrs. William C Crocker, president; Mrs.
M. W. Backus, first vice president; Mrs. Wil
liam T. Kirk, second vice president; Mrs. J.
A. Campbell, recording secretary; Mrs. A. L.
Wolfe, corresponding secretary; Mls» G. L.
Trevor, treasurer; board of managers, Mrs.
W. F. Rudolph. Mrs. J. W. Stevens, Mrs. A.
Kemp, Miss Margaret Hamilton, Mrs. Harry
Morosco, Mrs. W. H. Weilbye. Mrs M. A.
Farquahar, Mrs. Cal Ewlng. Mrs. J. L.; Lyon,
Mrs. J. Dunbar, Mrs. Park Fellows, Dr. BlnK
ham Uth, Mrs. M. A. Smiley; advisory board.
William H. Crocker, W. R. Davis, J. A.
Brltton, D, E. Collins, W. F. Rudolph.
OAKLAND. Feb. 14.— The officers
of the West Oakland Home for
Orphans, Half Orphans and Des
titute Children have been elected
for the ensuing year as follows:
The report of the recording secretary.
Mrs. J. A. Campbell, bristled with inter
esting information. From it are taken
facts of general interest. The number of
children on* the roll at the end of the pre
ceding fiscal year was IIS. Since then dur
ing a period of eighteen months there
were enrolled . seventy-one ' additional,
making a total of 1S9. During the time
specified four 'little ones passed away;
seven were provided with homes, and
eight were adopted by people who
mourned the fact that they had no chil
dren of Ijheir own. Children are sent out
on trial with a view toward adoption in
the event of their showing contentment
with their surroundings and arousing a
parental love in those to whom they are
temporarily intrusted. This probationary
period extends through three months. If
at the end of that time the orphan boy
or girl Is not satisfied with his or her
would-be foster parents, or the latter are
dissatisfied with the boy or girl, the pa
rentless Jlttle one is returned to the home
to await a more auspicious opportunity.
During the last eighteen months fifty
four children have been reclaimed by their
held the date of the annual meeting to
follow -was changed from the last Mon
day in June to the first Monday In Feb
ruary. This change was made so as to
avoid the dissatisfaction of holding an
important meeting in the summer, when
so many of the members and even officers
were away from home seeking recreation
in the mountains and on the seashore.
The change has worked in a most satis
factory manner, because the attendance
at the last meeting in point of numbers
was all that could have been desired.
LONDON. Feb. 15.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Lord
Kitchener:
PRETORIA. Feb. 14.— Our troops are now
engaged with Christian Dewef» force north
of Ph|lllpstown, which- we hold, Dewet hav
ing crossed the Orange River at Zand Drift,
apparently moving west.
French, reporting from a point twenty-five
miles southeast of Ermelo. states that a large
force of the enemy is being driven on to Plet
Retf, their efforts to break back having bo far
been fruMratod.
The Jnnlskllllncs charged the enemy, who
left five killed and six wounded on the ground.
Ten Boers were captured and there vras a large
capture of wagons, carts and cattle. Our casu
alties wero one killed and five wounded.
CAPE TOWN, Feb. H.— A Boer com
mando crossed the Orange River yester
day in the Phillipstown district. It is re
ported that Dewet wan in command. Van
Wyksvlei was occupied Monday by 300
Boers, who were retreating from Calvlnla.
The Boers are reported in force twenty
four miles west of Carnarvon. A Boer
convoy of sixty-five wagons and forty-five
prisoners has been captured north o*
Amsterdam.
General French* Meets the Enemy
Southeast of Ermelo and Drives
Him Back Toward Piet
Beif .
Lord Kitqjiener Reports That
the Boers Have Crossed
Orang* River.
BRITISH ENGAGE
DEWET'S FORCE
"Both Segnins were preat teachers.
Their marvelous faculties of receiving and
Imparting knowledpe were made evident
in the enlarged center of the association
ft hearing and th«» Ffieaking senses. Here,
too, centered Their uncommon power of
graphic reprospntation. IWh father and
son were facile artists. uMr.g their hands
habitually in spc-^dy and accurate drawing
of blackboard illustrations for instruc
tions of their pupils in the class room."
In giving a synoppls of the results of
hip comparative studies the younger Dr.
Bpitzra Mid: "The so-called 'physiog
nomx* of the two brains differs lit lie, but
if they were placed with a hundred oth
ers and the entire lot ivr-re classified and
reclassified according to thoir convolu
tions, the brains of the Peg-uins would
come ultimately Into a class by them
selves. The Ftudy of brain matter is not
carried on microscopicaJly. as texture va
riations could tell ue little. The most
profitable field of observation has been
found to lie In the Ftudy of morphometry
of brains, or their Eimilarities or differ
ences in form.
The brains are those of Dr. Eduard Se
e"Uin nnd h!s son. Dr. Edward C. Segruin,
both of wherq were famous practitioners.
Th* father wa? a distinguished alienist,
who discovered the system of educating
and developing: Idiots by employing and
teaching the use of the senses. The son
was a neurologist of high standing. Dr.
Beguln Jr. obtained his father's brain and
left his own by will to the *Wer Dr.
Fpitzra, to whom also that of Dr. Eeg^iin
Er. was given. Dr. Spltzra said to-day
that perhaps the most Interesting scien
tific fact demonstrated by his eon's work
Is that it t-hows that in the case, of the
Bqprtnw those traits end peculiarities
which were most conspicuously trans
mitted by heredity from father to ton
wera transmitted to the opposite pidc of
the 6on's brain.
NEW YORK. Feb. 34.— Dr. E. A. Spltjsra,
Fnn of Dr. Edward C. Spltzra. will pre
sent to-morrow nipht before tho section
of enthropolojry tind psychology ' of the
New York Academy of Sciences the results
of a comparative analytical 6tudy of the
brains of two eminent thyslclans who
were father and son.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Interesting: Comparative Analysis
Conducted by 3>r. Spltzra of New
York Results in Very Im
portant Discovery.
Father's Traits Exemplified
in Opposite Lobe of Son's
Gray Matter.
BRAIN CHANGES
IN HEREDITY
WEST OAKLAND ORPHANAGE
ELECTS OFFICERS FOR YEAR
Reports Read at Last Meeting Show Institution to Be
in Highly Satisfactory (Condition.
TWOMBLY YEARNS
VAINLY FOR BATH
Sues His Landlady, Saying She
Curtailed His Privileges.
THEj SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1901.
GROUP OF CHARGES OF THE WEST OAKLAND ORPHAN ASYLUM. THE LITTLE ONES ARE GETTING READY
TO PARTAKE OF THE WHOLESOME FOOD SET BEFORE THEM, BUT THEIR ATTENTION IS TEMPORAR
ILY DISTRACTED BY THE CAMERA.
TWQMBLY, DENIED USE OF WASHBOARD AND SOAP AND BEING
UNABLE TO SECURE PANES FOR THE WINDOW OF HIS ROOM
CARRIES HIS TROUBLES INTO COURT
RASKIBUTIL. French East Africa,
Feb. 14.— Tekla, King of Gojam (also writ
ten Godam), northwest of the kingdom of
Shoa, recently died of poisoning 1 and two
preterders are .now quarreling- for the
throne. Emperor Menelik has dispatched
an army to restore peace.
Probably the foregoing Information from
Raskibutil explains the • dispatch from
Cairo published February 1 by Le Fran
cais of Paris .announcing that news had
been received from the Egryptian capital
of a great battle In Abyssinia, in which
7000 had been killed.
Report of a Bloody Battle in
East Africa.
Probable Explanation of the Recent
PRETENDEBS FIGHT FOB '
THEONE OF KUTG-TEELA
9
eo •«oocs«oo«o ee
eeeo eoeeeeeeeeoeeoeo eeee
eo»o#o eeoeoe«9«es«eoeoeaeoeo ooaoeo
eee««oeeeeeeeeee2*eeeoooeeeeeee*eeae&aeeeeeee
I SUNDAY'S CALL j
eee©»e«*«©«#9«o«oeee©©e«ooe«©e©eeao»«oee«ee«e
eeesseeeeeseeeeeeeeeeoseeeeoeeeeeoee&eeeeo**;
ee „ ¦ •». ee
•• f— ; : 1 ••
SS THRILLING ADVENTURES OF A SAN SS
SS FRANCISCO GIRL IN PERU. gg
•• Wg: -\ ••
SS SAD STORY OF ELAINE SINCLAIR./ SS
ee ",.•;,:. v,--:;,:— — —^ ee
4 |j THE POPE'S INCOME. , IV
- Did it ever occur to you how much money the 'l,[ 00 .
t> Oe Pope receives yearly T Read about it ee ' '
|J In next Sunday*! Call. ••
ee , ee
IS EARLY TRAINING OF CHILDREN.: SS
j I? By Mr«. Martha Taft Wenrworth, •• *
•I CALIFORNIA HAS A HOSPITAL MAN-, ||
@© AGED SOLELY BY WOMEN. SI
ee • ¦ . ¦ s~ ev
*#§ ' .... 00
00 Beginning of a series of articles en 00
SS HOME MEDICAL SCIENCE. SS 1
•® Next Sunday— "The Philosophy of Good Health." J^ *
•I MtME. BERNHARDT'S HOME IN If
SS PARIS. •»
ee , - ee
88 DO YOU KNOW THE STORY OF ©S
SS ; THE KAHUNA? SS
SS Eead lX ia n * xt Sun^Y* 8 CaK* SS
;-:: 9 9 ¦ . ' : ••
88 HOW TO REMOVE WRINKLES. 22
JS By Harriet Hubbard Ayer. gg
§1 EFFECTS IN FLOWERS THE LATEST ||
Si FAD IN NEW YORK. eS
Q9 eo .
. 0© «— — ; i » .00
eee' ¦. ¦ •-¦••/ __i e«e
tSSSSL FASHIONS, FICTION AND STORIES OF j JqJSH
iSSSSo GREAT HUMAN INTEREST. 99Q999
••••••* i— — 1 •••••••THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL' FRIDAY, FEBRUARY Ly 1901.
10
BAX FRATVCISCO CALL.
IJTJEIN— SS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Ca.ll, corner cf Market and Third streets; ©pen
Btstil J2 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 1:20 p. m.
FX> Hayes street; open unt(l S:30 p. m.
&3 McAllister street; open until *:30 p. m.
(IS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
If-41 Xisrfon etreet; open until 10 p. n.
"M Market •treet comer Sixteenth: open
rntll 8 p. in.
106 Eleventh rtreet; open OTtll 1 p. m.
JWS Valencia street; open until 9 p. rau
JCortbwest corner Twenty-»ec«n4 and E>n-
«t;-W *t— *tf>: >»T>*n * CTtttl > p. Kl.
IIEETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commanflery No. 1. K. , •___
T . * Post Ft.— RfcuUr «s?emb!r Tins SSC^
(FRIDAT) EVENING fct 7:30 o'clock, fj
Order of Red Cross. All fraters cour- WW
teoufily Invited. By order of the Com-
rr.ande'r. HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
LA PARFAITE Union Loflire No. 17. F. ft
ar.d A. M.. meets THIS (FRIDAT) UfX^
EVENING at 8 o'clock. First degree. /t_"R
By order of the W. M. ' yr y
P. ST. JCTJEN. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. TLT. and A. «
M— THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING at »f\_
T r> o'clock. Second Ogree. By order fLJ\
of the W M. * v *
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
MISSION Lofige No. in. F. and A. flT~
M.— Called meeting THIS DAT at 1:M_J\_
p. m. at the ha" of this lodp*. 2f?S yLj\
Mifslcn »t.. for the funeral of our de- ' ~^ >
ceared brother, Vv'ILLIAM K. MARTLAND
cf St John's Lodge No. 1, Newport. R. I.
The funeral committees of the city lodges
r'.eape be in attendance. By order of the
Y.\ M. GEO. D. FLACK. Secretary.
OFEX m-et'.ns of the Caledonian _
Club THIS EVENING, at 6 o'clock. A Utoil
Members an4 friends cf the club 'VjTX^
«re recueMed to bring their lady
friends: cood entertainment. Scottish Hall.
117 Lerkin rt-
A. M. MACPHERBON. Chief.
JAMES EL DUNCAN. Secretary. -**".
BAN FRANCISCO Tert No. 1«. K. >«r>— *
O. T. M.— Review THIS rFRIDAT) /C**"_3£3t
EVENING M s o'clock, rior.'-r ii^fQ %f$
Hall. 24 Fourth et %&$>&/
II. II. r-APTU*.. m*^?
HeonJ Keeper.
ANNl'AL I.!e<rUr:r — The regrulur annual meet-
Jng cf the *tockhol<!<-re of the Honolulu
Plantation Company will be held at the cf-
f.r» of the comjwsy, _?7 Market St.. Fan
Franrlsco. Cr!.. on WEDNESDAY. February
IT. J9CI. at th» h<->ur eC 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purjviw? of eler-tinr a board of directors.
to nerve for the er.!=i:i;iR year, and the trans-
action nf F'jch other business so may come
1-efere the nertl:i«r. Transfer books will clca*
on H.-iturday. IVhruary IS. 190L at II
r.c!r.-k m. IT. Tl. PHELDON. Secretary.
T.'OTI'^E of rtockhol<!—i' meeting— A special
meeting of the rtock holders of the Honolulu
Fuirar Company Is called for ar.d will ba
l:eld at the c'ttce of the company. Nfl. itl
Market rt. Fan Fr«ncitco. Cs.1.. on MON-
I>AT. February 18. 1901. at ll:S0 o'clock a. ,
in., for the porpew of considering a prop©- !
cltlon to dir»olve the ccrporstlon and to con- !
sider rueh other business at may come be- i
lore the meeting. By order if the President ,
E. H. SHELDON.
Kereta— ' Honolulu Fucar Company. j
Psteii Pan Frxn^^rn. Februarv I. 1391.
AGK.NTS WA.VTKD.
THE Rio Michel Rubber Company of San
Francisco. Cal.. war.u Intelligent men to act
a* its agent* throoghOBt the United State*;
mutt be men or character. addr«6S and push, i
The company owns iHr»r» properties. }p out of ]
rt»bt and ir. a thoroughly eownrt ar.d florurlfh- i
1ne condition. It has a consi<J«-ro»>!e acreage i
alreafly r^r.ted to rubber ar.d has a large
force c.l m»>n constantly at work. It offers
for sale a limited number of interest bearing
and installment certificate*. A comparatively j
small amount 1nveF?«*^l now will pro<luce larfre I
fin<3 Ftes.*1i!y jnfr^RPiTi^ income in near future.
The corporation Invites closest investigation, i
Apent* aa<J JnterPrtPil persons apply Rio Ml- j
chol Rubber Co.. r. 63-C5. Crocker bldg.. S. F. j
GOOD solicitors: ma> or female: excellent op-
portunity for riisrJit rarti"i>; salary and com-
mlfMrin. 47 Port st. room I.
WANTED — Good city solicitors. Monterey
Central Oil Co.. room i1%. Examiner building.
Af.E.NT in every town for "Lire of Qu-en Vic- J
torlsi." Cal. Pub. Co.. ."27 Market, r. 708, S. F. j
AGENT. Ta<iv, lari?e income, as county repre- ¦
Be_t_tt~£ of lo<"al manufacturer. 1€H. Call.
ASPIIALTCM ROOFING.
3. PELTIER, asphalt rpoflng, sidewalks r*- \
r*«'^<5: r-oftal. J1*S M__j«_; __ Folsom 1607. j
ATTOKXKVS AT E__W. ',
ADVICE free: divorce law a Fp?ciaKy; private;
DO fee without rvrc***; collections. G. W. :
Hown. titty nt law. S'O Market, cor. Stockton, j
J. H. MrKXlOHT. rollr-ctlonr: rlamnpra; es-
«»fs; mininjr: oi«n even. W2 Pcrrott bldg. j
FKANK W. SMITH, ir.'.r.tns and probate law a
•r*<M 3 Uy. Mi!!* big . r. 3. 4th f!r.;tel. Red 2«1«. j
AI'VICK fr*>e: r.o charr* unless successful. W. !
VT. DAVIDSON: KT Market M.. opp. Mason, j
L K. CLARK Emrr.a Kpreckel* bldg.. 927 Mar- j
Vet *t.: rorrultatlon free: no t**s In advance, i
BICYCLES Kor Sale or ICiphtmr. j
ALLKN lias Just received 1901 Columbia bl- i
rydes. SOI Lcrkin £t and 1&C6 to 1971 |
Psc 1 it. ,
poAUi)i.\r. Foit cniLnitKX. "—^
RESPF/TAHLE German lady wishes to board |
a child Dot ur.d»r 1 year eld: references fur- '
n1«hc<i. 2C1 Natorrs. »!.: ring tot> hell.
1UM.M--N CIIA.XCKS.
A— HOTEL about SO mile* from cltyT 13 rooms.
<!1nlr.g-r<v 31. kitchen, pas plant, livery stable,
etc.; price H0OO; c_eh trW"; balance on mort-
irarre; rare ctancc. Call R. G. WILK1E, 2«H
Kearny st.
A— ICOOO; salesroom of bur/rie*. rurreys, phae-
ton*, etc.. r.f-v: ar.d second -hand: place eatab.
* year*: clear-in* about $400 per month; actu-
al value about S4000; investlsate. It O.
•"WILKr. ISVi Kearny st.
A— JTOC; HALF Intere*t in one of the best ea-
loor.g on water front: party must be hone«t
«nd —x>d business man. Call It O. WILKE
?ttt Kenrny Ft.
A-onxntAJ, merchandise store; about 10
mile* from «. F. ; estab. many years and do-
lr.g a flrrt-c'.aM iiayinjf business; price t<000:
i. very rare chnnce and fullert Investigation
-elicited. Call II O. WILKK. 2C/4 Kearny.
/-RW: FA LOON, few d-x,— . routh of Market
ft; plare kept by owr.T 12 y»-a" and is do-
lrjr a pood busIn^M; ftlrknets only rause of.
f«.le; nn rwt :~ Inquire It. G. WILKE.
ZG'.i Kftrr.y st.
A— SVjO; CORNER rrjfcher rhop In northern
rart of ritj ; r»-nt $29: ho—*, cart: relllng 4
cattle and nbvut 11 rhe*p i#r *eek; a oath
cunom. Call Ii. Q. "WILKE. W/, Kearny <t
A— »i:00: ULKTACHANT and SofTei saloon
close to Vnion Iron Works; rent %*J); 4 years'
lease; a fitrt-friaiii' parlnif business; owner
rnurt leave for N. T. to Kttla **tnt»; tnvet-
t irate and tr.aJce effer. It O. WILKE. 28%
Kearny et. ...
Ji—t~Zt*: CANDT. stationery and clsar rtore-
fall value. McLAL'GHLlN. 777ft Market St.
A-r.M); M1LLINEUY *tore: 3 furnUhed rooms;
co-vi place fcr a drensmsker. Me— AUUII-
UN'. 777'> Market Ft. '
A— J300; nEPTALTIlAXT: No. 1 location; roo<1
place for man and wife. McLAUGHLIN,
7T7U Market et
A— S550: DEUCATF.FSEN Ftor»: rood place;
*!ckne*s muse of ea!e. McLAUGHLIN. TTT'A
Market Et.
«4MV- LAUNDRY route: cood hone and wajron.
Mclaughlin _¦ co.. 777H Market tt
rAKTNER wanted !n a lance, old-established
rroflta.ble business, controlllns a Jfood. safe.
eolld and reliable trade; owing to retirement
cf former manager owner ha« decided to nell
r.n lnterert to on acceptable party: duties
vrlll be the keeping cf accounts and asstit-
Inr irenerally In the management of the busi-
ness; one accustomed to horses preferred:
capital required JDOOfl to J10.OOU; full value in
a'.om; boot* and business open for lnvestlra-
tlon. J. W. Donnelly & Co.. C2 Market st
A partnership; profitable business; ca«h capital
required $_»; tml. can be paid from profits.
T'artlculars DONNELLY CO.. C22 Market.
"MONEY saved to b-yers; fine openlnjcs in gro-
oeri«-s. mini ns. cigar Ftores. hotels and other
l>U£incsees: investigate. .
G. W. SCHWLINHAnn '
Mint 1*11. S17 Market, bet 5th St - €th.
t'-«0— ONE of the bert fitted and centraiiy~I<v
rated restaurants in city; payment*. D Mc-
UAE. U7 Mission Bt. _^
FOU Rent— Unfurnished; first class; Union
Hotel In Sonoma City: renovatnl from cel-
lar to Barret. Particular* Inquire H74 Ninth
St., corner Chester. O_kland.
PHOE fhop for sale at 807 Bryant; must sell
on account of leaving city.
FOn sale— One of the best located lunch and
chop house*; very reasonable rent Partlcu-
turs 163). Call offlce. ¦ ; .- - ¦--.-,
¦WANTED— A partner in laundry; must under-
rtand the business. JM6 Kentucky st
FIXTURES rtal estate offlce. books and busl-
n»«s; bargains this day. S0€ Market St.. r. 8.
SALOON for cole: opposite the, ferry. Apply
111 East et.. north of Market: no agents.
JIESTAUIIANT: ~xxj location; cheep: I am
leaving city: C10 Pt-nyan *t.. end of Halrht.
CANDY and etatlonery store, stock" and. 'fix-
tures for sole cfceap; no amenta. :05 Polk at
Bcsnnsss chances — cosrn?rir_D.
jC.Z.Z^.^.Y..'.. list your "V..".T./i. J .T.".^A
Store Saloon Business Place .'...
City or country real estate with me......
I make no charges for advertising
H. C PECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A I SELL AND EXCHANGE A
...Saloons, Ftores, Rooming-houses. Hotels...
Real Entate and Business Places..
Give me a coll. H. G DECKER. 1C20 Market.
A... RESTAURANT A
Paying Business
Owner compelled to go East: make offer.
Apply to II. C. DECKER. 1020 Market Bt.
BALOON for eale; large stock; fine location;
good fixtures: ca»h refcinter; owner must sell.
Apply to II. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
HORSESHOEING chop; one of the beet shops
In the city on one of the principal streets; will
rell cheap, as owner Is obliged to leave city.
Eox 1C5. Call offlce.
OUTSIDE rout* on this paper tar sal*. Apply
Call Business Office.
LARGE outside route (No. 10) for* sola. Apply
at Call business office.
FOR sale— A steam laundry in the Sacramento
Valley doing a business from $100 to $150 per
week: no other launiry within £0 miles. Box
1C45, Call o~ce. ___________
GOOD paying, old-eetabllshed lumber business;
Including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc
H. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
J4C0— Manufacturing business partner wanted;
investigate; old-established; rood chance for
acceptable party. Donnelly Co., 632 Market.
STEUART. IS. 6 doors south of Market; res-
taurant for eale; In good. order: price $200;
Insured for $300 one year; rent paid.
A SHOE stors In country for sale: account of
sickness. Call at 28 Second St. ; leather store.
STATE rights; money-making patented ln-
etantaneous freeier. S. SWEANY. French
Hospital. "
AX energetic partner with »W00 to purchase
one-third Interest in a profitable mercantile
burtness. Address Confidential, box 1796. Call.
HAVE a few hundred dollars— what business
do you offer? Box 1»43. Call office.
RESTAURANT and coffee saloon: dally re-
{ celpts about t>SO. Call at plac*. 850 Market.
j FOR sale— A fish -and delicacy Ftore. Address
I C. M. W., 346 Virginia St.. Vallejj^
$30 WINS $300 per month at races; reference*
I given. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
I LARGE Inside route on this paper for sale.
I Apply business offlce.
I CLAFPIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
| received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore st
| A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
I pubscriptlons has been established at 1096
I Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE*.
33-ROOM house on beat street In city, only
$1500; clears $150. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
FOR SALE— LODGING-HOUSES
HOTELS. BOARDING-HOUSES
FLATS AND PRIVATE HOMES
From 3 to 2r.O Rooms....
Prices from JSO to $20.000
Pavmento to suit. Give me a call
Money to loan at lowest rate
Call; I can suit you
' H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market Bt_ opp. Fifth.
; 60 ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $150.. $3000
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.; extra... P50
10 rooms. $430: 10 rooms, quick ECO
Grand bargain ; 14 rooms; steady roomers;
clears |«!5 over all expenses; fine furniture;
fine carpets. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
5SM BTJTS 14 elegantly furnished rooms; all :
hair mattrf-6ses; heft of bedding; clears }6J i
month; rent only $52 CO: big bargain; best lo- w
cation. FISHER & CO., 1032 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, rooms 1 and 2.
near Call bldg. tel. Black 1S03. Money to loan.
87 rooms; rent $175; Income $3S0 $2000
17 room?; light, punny; money makers.... 1000
17 rooms: rent $W; clears $S5 month 600 :
ft rooms: central: paying house 3iO
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
20 room?; rent J.*>3; part cash $650
id rooms: rent $41: pee it £00
5€ rooms: rer.t $40; part cash 1600
E7 rooms: corner; rent $1M> 3C00
WINSTON & WOLF. lCie Market st. ,
$34no— WORTH $2000: 18 rooms; rent $55; all
full: newly furnished; private board. D. Mc-
ItAE. £27 Mission it.
$rE^:o ROOMS, all on one floor: rent $52;
clear easily $100; $TiO down. D. McRAE. S37
i Mifsion st.
! LODGING-HOUSES— Sites and prices to suit all
: buyers; titles iruaranteed; money loaned buy-
ers; before buying call. >
G. XV. SCUWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market St.. bet. Eth & 6th.
CALL and tee our list of bargains In houses;
v.-e have them in any part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 2S
Flxth Ft.
ITS"— 26 ROOMS; fine location: well furnlBhed;
all rented; low rent. UASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$lffXV-Lnr>GING-HOUSE for J=a!e.; £0 rooms.
IWj Ellis st. .
CORNER house, 10 roOm«; rent $28: Income
JCS: a bargain at $100. Box 1&0, Call office.
BAP.GAIN: 10 rooms; a money-maker; see it.
j 137 OFRrrell st.
' 15-ROOM houre; fine location; well furnished;
: toll; jrolng away. Bex 1551. Call offlce.
j TO buy or sell business chances or lodglng-
I houses r»* ANDREW PRICE. 30 Kearny St.
| =3
SPIRITUALISM.
| C. V. MILLER'S materializing ieance, 8 p. rn.,
| COc. 10S4 Bush et.. near Leavenworth.
i MRS. IIARLAND'S circle to-nlRht; articles
i read; 10c; prophetic read., tOc. $1. 148 Sixth.
j MRS. DUNHAM. 14 McAllister ft. room 35;
I circles to-day, 2 and 8 p. m.; sittings daily.
j MRS. ELRIE REYNOLDS* materializing se-
ance Friday eve. 133 Taylor Rt. : 60 cents.
j EARLE, 505 Taylor st, corner Ellis— Sittings
I dally; seance Tuesday and Thursday.
I MRS. LESTER— Readings. COc; circle every eve
j ex. Pat., 10c; devel. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk.
! MRS. WEST, wenfierful medium and healer;
j readings dally, 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
IlIME. MAJORS, gifted *plriuial medium, healer
| and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
| MRS. J. J. ¦WHITNEY, trance, bus.medlum,llfe
\ reader, medical clairvoyant 1164 O'Farrell.
I C. Mayo-Steer*. 112% Oak *t. trance medium;
I readings tl: hours 1-6 p. m. : tel. Howard C27.
! FRIENDSHIP Hall. 235 McAllister— Mrs. C. 3.
Mever: fUM«— « dallv: to«t« to nil to-nleht:10c
: / CLAIRVOYANTS.
j A— THE First Graduated Palinl«t Ever In San
I Francisco.
; PROFESSOR JOHNS
! The world's greatest llvlnir palmist and clalr-
t royant. can lie consulted .lally on all affairs of
' llf«>: he ndvlws you whether you will be suo-
! o<»KBful in' r/UR!n<-s«, mining or lawsuits, etc.;
i J'rofKsor Johns Is beyond the Fhadow of a
doubt the most scientific practicing palmlat
ar.'l clnlrvoyant In the world to-day.
There i» no home so dreary or sad, no life
j ro hard and blighted, no heart ro i>ad and
j lonely, that cannot be *ft right and kept right
after a vIMt to this Inspired prophet of modern
time*: all long-standing and chronic diseases
that have baffled the physician's skill cured
without the use of m«liclne: he reunites the
separated, settles lovers' quarrels. causes
speedy and happy marriage, locates liltM.n
treasures, removes evil Influences; cures fits;
drunkenness cured without the patient's
knowledge; tells if your loved one Is true; en-
ables you to win the affection of any cne you
destrr; also thai which a person Is best adapt-
*»d for In life is pointed out; he enables you to
overcome your enemies; no matter what your
trouble Is, he can nnd will help you or
charge you nothing for his services. •
N. B. — Palmistry tsuRht; medlumlstlc per-
sons developed. 26*4 Kearny St., near Market.
Readings by mall.
If you cannot call, write. Give dsto of birth.
Mat* whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss; a«k itlx
questions; inclose $1. S a. in. to I p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD. ~~*
THE FAMOUS
Clalrvoyafit and busings medium. Iik perma-
nently located at 17 Third et. next Examiner
building. Fhe reads your life correctly, kIvas
an accurate description of the past, reveals
the present happenings and portrays events
to occur in the future. If you are In trouble,
discontented, unhappy or not satisfied In life,
or bave domestic, • lore or business troubles,
consult this great medium and you • will be
told how to overcome them. Valuable advice
in all affairs of life; ZSc up; perfect satisfac-
tion guaranteed.
CONSULT the Quaker medium and palmist; she
v wlll reunite you with your loved one; her ad-
vice can be relied upon In all business affair*.
rales of. property, oil, mines and lawsuits: do
you want a better petition? Call and learn how
to ret It MRS.E.SANDERS.11C4 Market.- r. 28.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known- trance
medium. Is permanently located at 120$ Mar-
ket it., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 2S
I and 26; take elevator. - Perfect satisfaction
; guaranteed by mail; send: stamp for pam-
) •• phW with special terra «¦ Dally and Sunday.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant ¦ and
palmist permanently located 114S Market op.
Cth; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to r, p. in.
MMR. I.,AROSE. bent clairvoyant card reader.
fre« tests _V: up. 472 Stevenson st. cor. Sixth.
MRP. Melvin, well-known clairvoyant water
reader. 11, GthjGenr r 1 nrj>o_en;tel.HowardlS46.
Ct-AXRVOYAXTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
r«ader. born with double veil— second sight:
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles 50c,
rents $t: palm, and dairy sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 25c. MS Blxth st. room 14.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
lst and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh at
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448»4 Jessie ft., bet 6th & 6th.
MRS. B. BAUMAN. the well-known fortune
teller, has removed to 222 Eddy st
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant, business me.
dlnm: mining a upeclalty. . 215 Kearny. r. 8-10.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-'
band's picture 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
pdvjo»: rumen riven: ?S<* utv S Frtvrth »t_
OAIIPET DEATI5G AXD 9f*^^*°:
WI?EN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned «t 3c per yard, laid at 6c
STRATTON'S. 3 Blghth st; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth gt; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleanlnir Co.. 402 Sutter st:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WAI/TOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating .Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 1M. .
, ClilROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown 'nails, warts, chll-
blalns: painless rure. Dr. Duncan. 415 gutter.
COLLECTION 5 OFFICES^
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency-No charge un-
lews successful. Room ZIP. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket at., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., ypa can
have your extractions done painlessly ; -teeth
withqut plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 EO up; plates, extractions free, 54 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a, m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and bridgework. Gee our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl; warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 60; fillings, 60c; plates,
$5 full set: all work painless and warranted.
ChioaifO I'ental Parlors, 24 Sixth St.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and filling*; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free: prices
cheapest nnd iruaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell «t.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
m— de; old plates made over like new; teeth
from tS per get; extracting. EOc: gas given.
THE New York Dentists hava moved to 869
Mission st, cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction. SOc
DR.R.L. WALSH, S15«i Geary, nr. Lerktn— Pain-
less extraction Me; plates $5 up;phone Polk 1133.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. $3: fillings. 25o.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market tt, corner Sixth.
BET of teeth without plates. DR. H. O.
YOTTNG 1*41 Polk ft. -¦-
EDL'CATIOXAL.
EVENING SCHOOL. S. F. BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1S36 Market Et. ; Individual instruction
in bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this j
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market, et.
AYRES' Business Collece, 723 Market Bt— Day*
and evening; $8 per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa- :
tion. including the commercial and shorthand
coursee : telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; post-
tlons secured for graduates; catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
I Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorlal phrasing taucht; prao-
tlca! bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post Bt.
B. F— Eookkeeplng. shorthand, typing, Ian-
(ruaBes, teletrraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc: day
and nlRht Fessions; new 80-paire catalogue free.
A— THR LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
rchool . for the university. law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGK has posl- j
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract,
end can therefore with confidence guarantee
popitiong to all ltn graduates. 305 I^arktn st.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and I
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45
Parrott bldR. ; Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
A SPECIALTY-Perfectlng beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeplng-ngures: short
time. TARE, eip. acet.. 220 Parrott bldr.
MINING school of H. Hlrachtns:, 334 Kearny st,
open; day and eve. classes; chemistry, llxlva-
tlon, mineralogy, geology, coal oil formation.
ENGINEERING, rlvll. elec. mlnlng,mech..sur-
vey. afar. cy»nl<1e, arch.: day. eve.: est. 1?64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
PIANO lewsons given at low rates; harmony
and thorough bugs al«o tausht Box 15s8, Call.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar player*, club prac-
tlce. - Merkl. reliable teacher. 1008 Mlswlnn st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.: $5 mn. 1024 Mlculon. nr. fith.
ILLtJPTRATION— PARTINOTON'S DAY and
H,U'°TBATinV- rtle-ht rlpm. 4t4 Pine rt.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — UNION Japanene-ChtnenQ Emp. Office; best
help furn.: domestic servants: work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell: tel. Bu«h 276.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all klndn;
cooks, welters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post «t: tel.T3ush 135.
JAPANESE central house-cleaning & employ-
ment: all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
JAPANESE nnd Chinese employment office;
best help. ES6 O'Farrell nt; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanene-Chineso employment of-
fice: til klndn help. 315 Ptockton: Main B18S.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlce; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California: phone James 2S01.
ORPMEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter;tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
I>*t help. 411H O'Farrell st. : tel. East 42«.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED VEMAL.12.
SOBER, reliable young woman wants position
as cook; no work outside kitch"en; best city
references: reasonable wai?es. Inquire at 739
Folsom St., between Third and Fourth.
A GERMAN girl would like to have position
for cooking and general hoii«ewoTk; wages
$20. Apply 718H Franklin et., bet Golden
Gate ave. and Turk^ • .
RELIABLE middle-aged woman, good cook,
wiFhes position In small family to do gen-
eral housework: no postal cards. 263 Third
' st. -near Folsom.
AN elderly woman wishes work by the day:
washing or ironing or housecleanlng. 2017
Powell st.
YOUNG Scandinavian jlrl' wishes place for
Keneral housework In small family; wages
$20. Address 2WLexlngton ave. . .
A WOMAN wishes to cook . and assist with
housework In a family of adults; $3 & week.-
Call at 409 Minna st, near Fifth.
SITUATION as housekeeper, companion, nurse
or governess: best references 'given. 2007
Flllmore St.. near Pine.
A COLORED woman wants to do work by day
or week; general housecleanlng.. Box 1CGJ,'
Call. , v ' ¦ ¦ ¦ - ¦ - ¦¦ ¦ .
A LADY with a small Income would like to
have a home with an elderly couple; wages
small. Box 20S9, Call offlce, Oakland.
A RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman* wants
a situation at houseVork; b good cook. 911
Howard et. - . •
A WOMAN wonts work by the day or week;
woges $110 a day. Call 176 Seventh st.
1 STENOGRAPHER, has own machine. . desires
hour or so dictation per day: excellent op-
portunity for those not requiring stenographer
all day; terms reasonable. Box 1508.-; Call.
COMPETENT nurse wants : position at sani-
tarium or to care for Invalid in city; best'cl'.y
references. Inquire or add. 739 Folsom at.,
between Third and Fourth. . ¦'-',;'.
YOUNG woman, <studenf wishes oCflce worn to
occupy fcur to six hours daily. Address P.
A. B.. care Y. W. C. A.. 1259 O'Farrell st.
NORMAL graduate desires , position ' an ' book-
keeper or copyist, " etc. : recommendations.
MISS 8., B40 Connecticut st. city.
WINCHESTER. House. 44 Third Bt. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 CO night. $1 F.O to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and ¦ baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at pall branch offlce, 2200 FlUmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
j- pubscriptlons has' been established at ¦ 1096
' Valencia et . .
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEP— MALE.^
MAN and wife want employment: city or
• country; wif e * good cook and housekeeper:
man as gardener and coachman; ages 26 ana
34; ref.r Address box 1C'3. Call.
AN elderly handy all-around man; private
place preferred: work for reasonable wages;
speaks English and German. Inquire at the
Waldo House. 765 Mission Bt., room 9. ¦
HOTEL waiter, middle-aged, sober man, de-
Blres steady work. ¦ Inquire at New Atlantic
Hotel. 207 Montgomery ave.. joom 11.
PHOTOGRAPHER wishes employment: good
all round man; steady, experienced, reliable;
low wages. Box 1656, Call office.
PAINTER and gralner: can do lettering and
striping. Box 1661. Coll offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man wonts position to care for
invalid. AddresB G. W. CLARK. 313 Taylor.
MAN and wife wish situations on small ranch;
wife good cook, man understands farming
and good horseman. Call at 1066U Howard.
YOUNG man. possessing business ability and
tact, also understands bookkeeping, desires a
position, any one wishing a hustler addrees
box 1643. Call offlce. ___
EXPERIENCED law clerk desires position In
law offlce; salary no object; admitted to
practice; stenographer, bookkeeper; age 23;
reference last employer. Box 1649, Call.
FARM hand; a strong and willing -Swede,
aged J4, wants position; good milker; handy
with tools: knows how to raise vegetables;
wages no object. Box 1644. Call office.
GARDENER wishes situation; experienced In
all branches; run ga8olln?y n8f ' ne ' references.
Address Gardener. 629 Sacramento at
STRONG young man of 21 would like work,
painting preferred; used to climbing. 2019
Fifteenth st. _____
STRONG young nan of 21 would like a poal-
tlon of any kind. Box 1622. Call office.
BUTCHER wants position In city or country;
Scandinavian. Box 1626, Call offlce. ¦
TENOR soloist and choirmaster wants posi-
tion In church. Box 1553. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2?00 Flllmore Bt.
- FLATS TO LET.
TO LET— New fiats on Buchanan st, between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.; S and 6
rooms and bath: all the latest Improvements.
Apply G. H.' UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
GOLDEN GATE. 961. opp. Jefferson square-
Seven sunny rooms and bath. $32 50.
HILL, 5, corner Valencia— Sunny 7-room flat
nnd bath; rent $20. '
LEAVENWORTH. 1319V4— Flat of 4 rooms: eas
and bath: rent $15: sunny side.
XATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 sunny rooms, yard
and' cellar; no children; rent $10.
FKATIIKR PILtOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to^ave
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FBATHKR FACTORY. 244 Ftevnson nt.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.'
FURNITURE of 5-room cottage; all new and
modern; buyer can retain possession of cot-
• tage: rent reasonable; In Western Addition;
no agents. Box 1655, Call offlce.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $4S 60. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market
FURNITURE of S rooms to sell cheap; no
dealers. 1610 Polk »t.
FURNITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln: tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. tee W. E. Cody. 757 Mission ; tel. Red 3353.
CHA6. LEVY buys your > furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. : tel. JesMe 761.
A, WOLLPERT. 773 Mission ft, pays hlgheitt
price for pecond-hand furnitiir*: fl. Red 1354.
HBLI' WANTED Kl-JjtAJLE.
AT^C^ R. " HANSEN & CO.'iT.'Pnone~Grant~lS3
2 waltresoes. Santa Monica, $20, free fare;
tall early
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. .Phone Grant 1S3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitress, Los AnReks, $20 and free fare..
2 waitresses, Hame country hotel, $20 and fare
advanced
"Waitress, north, ?20 and fare advanced
C waitresses, city, and other country places,
720
2 head waitresses, city, $25; no station to
hold
f. restaurant waitresses. $5, $6 and $7 a week.
.Young gtrl for light pantry work. J17 and
sleep home
1 more chambermaid, Los Angeles, $20 and
one-half fare paid...' /.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
. Cook*, house Rlrls, second girls, for city and
country, $15 to $30
C. It. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary et.
MKS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1573
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
7 waitresses, tirst-ctass city hotels, $20: 10
waltrpsses. south and commercial country
hotels*. $20 and $25; chambermaid to wait,
• country, $20. fare- paid; restaurant waitresses,
$6 and $7; 2 lunch and dinner waitresses, (3
week; middle-aged chambermaid. $15.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook and second girl, small American fam-
ily, $45, fare paid; cook, {30 to $35, nee lady
liere, and many girls for general work, $15
to $25. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary.
A— WANTED
2 women as assistant nurses for an lnstltu-
* tion. near city. $20 per month, with board.
room and laundry and Increase of salary
after first month If suitable; must be middle-
aged and furnish references. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 Clay Et.
NEAT young Eirl. references, small flat, assist,
a very easy place, 3 In family, see party
here, $15; girl for family of 2, new house and
furniture, a snap, $25; girl for Oakland, 2 in
family, small house, $20. We have 20 other
nice places, good homes for good, honest
Klrls. - Call and see us: we try to do the
rijrht thing by all, CALIFORNIA EMPLOY-
MENT AGENCY, S9 Third Bt
WANTED— 3 neat young women to learn wait-
lnij at table: 2 weeks no pay. "board free, then
S15 for first month, 420 for second, after that
full pay. JOHNSON'S. 725 Market st.
WANTED— 2 Rlrls, one as attendant to lady
and assist In second work, other one as plain
cook- $10; good references required. Call at
1706 Hro.idwHv from 10 to 2.
NURSEGIRL; take care of 1 child; must
sleep home; wages $S. 816 Sutter st, room
13; call morning.
WANTED- An apprentice. S. F. Manufactur-
ln« Co.. 409A Turk St.
WANTED— Experienced operators on ladles'
waists. S. F. Manufacturing- Co., 403 Turk.
GIRL 14 years old. Apply G. A. MATTtfRN,
Golden Gate Mills. 9 Stevenson St.. near 1st.
NEAT, willing young girl to assist with the
care of 2 email children; references required.
Call at 900 Devlsadero St.; afternoons.
A BRIGHT eirl for hairdresslng. manicuring,
etc.; a cood home and a splendid opportunity
to learn the trade. Box 1651. Call office.
OPERATORS wanted on wrappers. JUDA
IiROS.. 109 Battery st.
WANTED— A German cook. 426 Geary st;
call at 8 p. m. - ¦ v .-;?r.
WANTED— A German Birl for general house-
work in small family; one preferred that will
sleep home. Call after 9 a. m. at 766A Har-
rlson at., between Third and- Fourth.
"WANTED— A woman who is bright and dresses
neatly to travel for wholesale house. Box
1C27. Call olHce.
PAPER BOX FACTORY— Experienced girls
wanted. Western Paper Box Co.. 30 Fremont.
GOOD hands on vesta by machine and hand;
also apprentices. 641H Btevenson st.
'APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. G41 Market st.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts and overalls at GREENE-
MAUM. WEIL & MICHAEL'S. 631 Mission.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to ' work
In factory. 723 Market St., room 35.
FINISHERS on coats and pants and operator
on pants.. G41 Market Bt -'
UELP WANTED— MALE.
10 MEN to clean brick, early to-day; 6 o.uar-
rymen to-day, $1 75; 10 teamsters.- '$1 73; 3
cabinet makers;. 2 wood choppers, 7 tie mak-
ers, lie: blacksmith for country. CALIFOR-
NI A EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. S9 Third et.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 1J.
Hotel cierka. $25 and $35. , •..--.>.¦
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only, recognized union. 115
.Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS, Secretary. ¦
WANTED— Steady, reliable man to Join I me In
small restaurant; $30 month; must have some
cash; no experience . required. ;. Apply 496 4th.
WANTED— A flrst-class •¦. cleaner. JOHN F.
SNOW & CO., 1623 Mission st.
WANTED— Bakers' helper. R. : STEIN. 1133
- Folsom st." v ; - ' ¦..¦_:' ¦.;-: ..
TWO" lunch • waltera wanted.'. 618 ': Sixth at. "-;'.
STEADY- waiter. $25, 'and second porter, $10 to
- $15. - Ahlborn • House, 321 ; Grant ave.
GET your, shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 602 Mission st., bet '1st and id Bt».
HELP WANT— _>— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ..Phone Grant 185
25 colored coal miners, . married and single,
for flrst-class mine; fare advanced; see party
here. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st ¦
25 COAL miners, married and single; good
wages; good mines; see party here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. '
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... Phone Grant 185*
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waffleman, country hotel. $35 to $40; baker
and pastry cook for an Institution, $40; Ger-
man cook, country hotel, $35; cook, boarding-
house, $45; all-around laundryman. country,
$13 a week.' ¦ "-
, Distiller and wine-maker, $75 : chore man,
/country hotel.' $25: 2 pruners. $26 and board.
C..R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED, 25 teamsters for railroad work;
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. •' ¦
WANTED— To, hire- 20 head of stock and har-
ness suitable for railroad work. Address C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
A GANG of railroad teamsters. Apply to C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 584S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Blacksmiths Carpenters
Carpenter for mining co., steady Job $75
Blacksmith, country shop; $2 60 to $3 day
Milker, steady Job year round $35 and fd.
Choreman and moke butter $25 and fd.
Choreman for ranch $2S and fd.
Grafter and pruners for orchards, farm hands
and milkers : .$25 and $30 and fd.
'Jobbing gardener, $25 and fd.; vegetable
¦ gardener, $25 ••••
2 cooks, country $40 and $o0
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay St.
A-W ANTED
Danish or Swedish choreman and wife for
ranch. $40 and found, see boss here;. 2 prun-
ers near city, $26 and board; married orchard-
ist, $40; milker, country, $30; milk wagon
driver, city, $25 and found; grafter for vine-
yard and orchard, $26; chore boy for ranch,
$15 and found; German bakers' helper, coun-
try shop, $30 and fotnd; plain waiter and
draw beer, p to 5M and found. \V. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay et
WANTED— Master Mechanic. An examination
of applicants will be held at the Naval Train-
Ing Station. San Francisco, 4 Cal.. February
21. 1901. for master mechanic at $5 04 per
diem. Management, care and repairs of
steam machinery, boilers, pumps, etc., pipe
and steam fittings and reDalrs to same, re-
pairs to plumbing, management and care of
dynamos and eniflnes and repairs to same,
ability to keep accounts and make estimates
for york required as above. The examina-
tion Vi-lH be open to all comers who can glv«
evidence of experience In the kind of work
for which they seek employment, and who
are citizens of the United States. Applica-
tions will be addressed to the Commandant,
Naval Training Station, San Francisco, Cal.,
and must be delivered to him on or before
Wednesday, February 20. No application "re-
ceived after that date will be considered.
Each applicant will state in his application
Ills name, age, residence, citizenship, pres-
ent occupation (stating shop and position
therein) and previous employment or. work
done. The applications will be accompanied
by evidence of citizenship and by certificates
preferably from previous employers as to
character, habits of industry and sobriety
and skill and experience In work of the kind
required. JOHN D. LONG, Secretary of the
Navy. _^
MANUFACTURING machinery house requires
. the services of a boy of about 18 years of
age who will make himself generally useful
In an office and offers for the present a com-
pensation of J20 per month. Address In your
own handwriting:, Riving age and references,
Machinery, box 1660, CalL
WANTET>— A bright young man, 13 to 20 years
of age, to act as bill clerk and assistant
bookkeeper; one with some experience pre-
.f erred; small salary to commence with;
chance for advancement. Address box 1S57,
Call office.
WANTED— Boy between 16 and 20 years to
drive delivery wagon; must be familiar with
Western Addition; references. Call between
9 nnd 12 to-day, Blum's confectionery, corner
Polk and S»tter sts.
ONE lather; one woodturner who can run
shaper and band saw; ryfm-union: no office
fees. Mechanics' Reg. Bureau. 410 Kearny st.
BARBER for a 3-chalr 15c shop; country town.
Call Monday morning, lSth, at 1193 Folsora
St., cigar stand, after 9 a. m. s
$850— STEADY man.' partner: corner saloon.
Particulars cigar store, 247 Fifth, cor. Folsom.
SAILORS, blacksmith, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart
WANTED— Strong. Industrious ¦ young man,
with good penmanship. S. J., box 1640. Call.
WANTED — Tailor and bushelman; good wages;
steady work. 28,22 Greenwich et
WANTED— A practical gardener for nursery.
215 Ha_es_st ' ¦
YOUNG man' to do Janitor work for tuition in
. San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard.
WANTED— Good and experienced dishwasher;
must be clean.. 1507 Market st.
WANTED- A thoroughly experienced buyer
and salesman in furniture and carpets; state
references, where last employed, salary ex-
pected and age; applications will not be con-
sidered which do not contain this information
complete. Address R. F. B.. box 1637, Call.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
S. Navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over S feet
1 Inch in height: able to read, writs and
epeak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
St., San . Francisco, Cal.
MEN— Our catalogue explains , how we teach
the barber trade in two months, saving two
years; mailed free; we have no 5o'shon in
connection with our college. Aider's Barber
College. 635 Clay st. . '
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno Hou«e proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Experienced washgoods salesman;
Ftate age, experience and salary expected.
Box 17e3. Coll office.
WANTED — Young man. about 20 years old, as
asKistant porter In wholesale house. Box
1648. Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
BARBER wanted. $15 week, at.VALVO'S bar-
ber shOD, 528 Broadway.
STEADY barber wanted Saturday evening and
Sunday. 2007 Mission st. - •
WANTED — Smart young man as carriage
Kroorn for a first-class place; state age and
t height. Box 1632, Call office. .,
FIRST-CLASS downtown barber shop running
several chairs; bargain.' D. STOLTZ. 636
Market st. ¦ ¦
6 TEAMSTERS at once: $1 75 per day. Cal.
Erap. Agency, 69 Third st; phone Red 31.
WANTED— 1C0 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House. 920 Howard st.
uniQHT men of good address: money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between & and
9 a. m. at 302 Poet tt. : .
UNDERPREPSERS on coats and vents. BE-
LASCO & HARRIS CO.. G41 Market St.
PENSIONS— J. II. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
W1NCHF.STER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and hagxage to and from ferry. '
HORSES AND WAGON'S.
40 HOUSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
127 Sixth et. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,- Auctioneers.
6. F. VETERINARY College will commence its
$d cession June 10. I Catalogue by applying to
. M. L. Pancoast, sec. 510 Golden Gata ave.
A NEW pneumatic-tired road buggy. DR. L.
KRAKER, veterinary dentist, 164 Golden
Gate ave.,.' corner Leavenworth st
STRONG bungy ' horse and harness. $60. In-
quire at 413 Twenty-ninth Bt- after 9 a. m.
STYLISH driving horse and cart; lady can
drive. 1314 Mason st.
FOR Sale— Wagon and harness. J. HILDER-
IJRANT. 1619 Powell'- st.
STRONG top . cart. . 110. ¦¦ 1301 Devlsadero st.
THREE fast road horses; also some good
business horses at 721 Howard st. ' : • ¦ •
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness : wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
AN A No.' 1 express wagon, single, also light
camplnic waron. for sale cheap. < 632 Mission.
¦- HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular.. G.-H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1932. near Lagtina— Eight rooms,
bath, laundry: marine view: rent $45. ..
HODSES TO ' LET— KUKMSHKD.
CALIFORNIA, 1711. nr. Van Ness— Completely
furnished 10-room house.' Call bet. 10 and 4.
HOCSES'WANTKD.. ¦
LODGING-HOUSE wanted; 10 to 15 rooms;
rcentral location: cash. Box 1K2. Call offlce.
';; HOUSE ; CLEANING.'
JAPANESE House. Cleaning ' Co., estab.' ISjo;
removed to' 41VPevlsad»rn .«t. ; Jel.-Fell J$l~ ¦
1 -^X A ?-J l j^r-^V- I^ < - I -T IJRE -
INVALID furniture and appliances; saleorrent;
F. "• GOODBAN, 1117 Van Ness ave., nr. Post at
LOST A5D FOUTO.
LOST— A pass-book wfth the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ANNIE DOTLE: No. 173-1254 The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Pocketbook: papers pertaining to East-
ern business; also pawn ticket. Return to
C. H. HELLSTROMI. 37 Commercial st
LOST— A gold-headed cane on Commercial be-
tween Drumm and Davis; liberal reward. 17
Commercial st ' ;
LOST— Scotch collie pup. 2 months old. Please
return to 959 Stelner st. and receive reward.
LOST— Great Dane brindle dog: license 3767;
. reward j$. G. F. FRA3ER. 810 Dolores st.
HANDSOME reward Is offered to the person
who returns St. Bernard dog. missing since
Monday from 636 or 53S Oak st, near Web-
ster; no questions asked. R. HAAS, 121
Market st. •__
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Jarrell. bet Powell and Mason.
OLD gold silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought ' J. R- JENKEL. 817 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
revived at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements aM
cubscriptlons has been established at 1094
Vulenrtw st.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for Mat. Mrs. Hertz. 70< Ellis.
MARRIAGE- bureau.; est. 1878; reliable; con-
fldentlal list*. IOC 323 Kearny St.. rms. o-«.
MATTRESSES AND UPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and upholstery; tel. South 792;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning; strictly re-
llable. HOPKE BROS., 318-320 Eleventh St.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market the well-
known ladies' specialists: 32 years' practice:
.- perfectly reliable; a positive cure guaranteed
at offlce; patients treated can return same
day: those wishing to treat themselves should
send for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
MENT^ sure cure: gives Instant relief: harm-
less: any one can use It; stamp for circular.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known expert on
disease* of women, has returned from Eu-
rope: a treatment guaranteed to give Instant
relief for any ailment: safe and reliable; 19
years In Q. C. Hospital. London: practiced In
8. F. since 1884; maternity home; fee low.
1007*4 Market street, near Sixth.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 101S Market,
opp. 5th: world-renowned ladles' specialist;
safe, reliable: practiced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of canes successfully:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After, all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; 2S years'
successful practice; positive cure guaranteed;
when others fall consult free.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist : 23 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment: home for natlente; con-
sult free. 942 Post et.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN— Removed to 1118 Market,
bet. Taylor and Mason: ladl»< specialist
BIINES AND MINING.
MINES bought and sold; also stocks In mines
and oil companies. Prof. John Tilton. r 475-
476. 4th floor. Parrott bldg.: 10-12. 1-3.
MISCELLASEOtS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me- ;
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
FOR sale cheap— 1 Gray & Woods planer, 27
ft bed; 1 sawmill for timber; 1 pat dry
house, 3000 ft. capacity; 1 Goodall & Waters
lumber planer, 8x24; knife grinder: turning
lathe; upright boring machine, iron frame and
table, pully. Style borer: Jointer: band saw:
cutoff and rip saws; band saw filer, and other
machinery. Apply to C. W. BURGESS, care
P. A. Buell. Stockton. Cal. ,
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon r>- tilts on hand;
82 complete outfits on one'floor, ready made;
wo can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
XOON'aN. 1017, 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission st,
above Sixth; write for catalgoue.
BUY & brand-new typewriter for «3 down and
$"» per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. -409 California
st: rentals, new machine?, S3 per month.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gine*, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 218 Spear st
BEAUTIFUL English water spaniel pups. 6
weeks old: white and liver and black and
white. Apply 760A Harrison at.
FINE Holstein cow, chickens, pigeons, Bel-
gian hares and fine rockaway for aale cheap.
7C0 Central ave., Webster station. Alameda.
20 II. -P. D. C, 220 volt Westlnghouso motor
for salo or exchange, for any other machin-
ery. Box 1G47. Call offlce.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Apply at 21 » California it
FOR Sale — Burglar-proof safe. . 226 Ellis at.
400.000 hard cecond-hand bflclcv. BXdwln site.
Apply on premises; JOHN MOORE. <
A 15 AND 25 H. P. boiler; 8 H. P. engine;
cheap. J. BITKKE. 13D Beaie Bt. '
ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery st, sell
at low figures all makes 2d-hand typewriters.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
ID-HAND steam, gas, oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White, 518 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery st
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand: all sixes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Murket st.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A — KLEIN pays best price for clothing, brlc-a-
' brae, old gold. 109 Sixth st. : phone Jessie 141.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folxom : tel. Folsom 1191.
lllOMJY TO LOAN.
A— MONET to loan at rates which peocle can
afford to pay. on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; ao
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 90S Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; ( per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and "securities. Room IS. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; Bet my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry atnow-
e*t rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 84S Market
Et: tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third St.
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate an<l
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erts. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bide.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond?,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HE-THAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no .removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st, room £3.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
S100.C00 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co., 225 Sansome. rm. 2.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: «%. undl-
vlded Ints. ; estates. HAKPER.397 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
MONEY to loan on furniture by prlvte party;
low rate. 917 Market st. room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dor*«T. B. F. Discount Arer' — 143 Phelan b\x.
MUSICAL. l.VhTHLMKXTS.
AT wholesale— ICO new pianos till March l'.
$138 up. Greatest offer ever made In San
Kranclsco In prices and terms.
1 Stelnway. all uprights il«s
.1 Novella * S
1 Hallet & Davis 4 Ej
1 Halnes -.; ,i,
1 Chlckertng .- * ilj
We handle all makes. Agents for some "of
. theoldest pianos In existence— Hallet & DavU
Behr Bros.. Jewett. etc.: agents wanted'
HEINE PIANO COMPANY. 217 GeaTTst '
IF Its bargains youwant. read these prloe*-
Good square. J30; French upright, small «i»'
1100: beautiful walnut Mertiton two flni
Decker - & Son. almoet like new. and other
bargatas that we will show you when vml
call. -MAUVAIS' MUSIC CO.. 760 Market at
SIEGEL plays the "Regal." • ~~~~
The " 'Regal* 1» best,' 7 says Slegel ¦'
And you want the best mandolin if" you havo
any at all; you want a "Regal."
mains'"" ?"• *" " R^" «« 1 -" «*
... MAUVAIS- MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
WHY necond-hand piano? Jiso will hn» ».._
one." W. C. HAMILTON. 8 P1<S taiW_£
MUSICAL IXSTn~MEyT9.
A BIO BARGAIN UST.
1475 Conover for '. I" 1
$430 Standard for - ; '.
J400 Curtaz for 2T0
{323 Curtaz for «•••• "'"¦'
»350 Sterllns: for 235
J30O WelllnKton for 213
Pchiedmayer. $1SO; Wesley & Co.. 1173: Sher-
wood & Sons. $1«5; GaDler. J1C0; Haines Bros...
$H0; Ilallett & Davis. J135; Chickerins square.
$71. Some ara ne.w. some second-hand, all In
" the finest condition. Easy payments or for
cash. BENJ. CCRTA2 &. SON. 16 O'Farrell
st.. Chickerini? aKsncy. Also the "Apollo,"
telf-player. latest ana best.
ANY person having use for a piano can b« ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and moat re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
•of their from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege civen to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for tt cash and
J5 per month. We offer to- sell some good,
pianos for $3, $4 and *5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and butter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 2fi.
n and 30 O'Farrell st. : Diancs. organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
A EOXA-FIDE eleaninff out re— oval sale of
second-hand pLacos at low auction prices, 129
up (this week only). WILSON'S Storage, itio
Market st
ON sale— Stelnway upright, JIOO. 217 Geary st..
room 26.
WANTED— Five rood square pianos for coun-
try schools. BYRON MAUZY. 303 Post »t.
PARTY goina; East must sacrifice fine standard
make uprlrht piano. 324 Golden Gate ave.
HIGH-GRADE Blanos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over and othem. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post
BARGAIN— Must be sold: nice uprieht riano.
SCTIMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bar.k.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant
powerful tone. HORNL'NO. 213 McAIUn?r/
BYRON MAl'ZT, agency Sohmer A Co.. Rvron
Manzy. Oabler and Spellman Pianos. 308 Poyt.
SPECIAL SALE— Immense r-ductlons; s«»e out
leader, only $150. BRUENN. 2CS Post st.
AT KEEFFETS. 933 Market »t.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shoninger agency.
BEST rent stock In city; new ptanos $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 580 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and n«r#- H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham T>!ace.
OFFICES A.\D STOHE9 TO LET.
CORNER store — West corner Fourth and Perry
sts. ; occupied as grocery and bar for past 30
years: rent 120: water free. Apply to \i. H.
UMBSEN *: CO., 14 Montgomery st. /
TO Let — Store and fixtures for sale. 228 Ellis
street
TWO offices and a showroom to let Apply at
H Fecond st.
CHEAP, llxht offices. Emma Epreckels build-
ing. 9S7 Market rt.
" Oil*.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITz! 330 Pine street
MEMBER PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL LAZVDS FOR SALE.
OIL lands for sale— 13) acres positively proven
oil land for sale In S. 24, T. 2S. R. S7. Kern
River district. $12Z0 per acr*: will sell ha
20-acre lots and upward. Call or address
A. K. PERCIVAL & CO., 520 Nineteenth st.
Bakersfleld.
KERN River; proven territory: Una of R. B.
Newton. Carmen * Somes, r. 104. Chronicle.
PAINTERS AXD DECOIIATOR9.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered. S3
up. Jhimii A Bath. 80S Sixth: open evenlniga.
PALMISTRY.
hTjEROME TfOSSELLI. sclentinc palmlat, 513
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 661.
PATENTS AXD PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner bl*.
PERSONALS.
IF you want to be successful In all your affairs
and brine health, happiness, love and all that
Is good within your reach, you must ¦ learn
how to Influence people; I will teach you
how. MRS. VALEEN. Z13 Leavenworth «t.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" offlce. 1021 Market st. nr. Sixth.
A— fl SO DEKBT and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pins.
FINE salts. 110: dress pants, J2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. C7 Montgomery st
KI.ECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. sear Market: 70O rooms:
23c to tl »0 per night; II 60 to JS per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from tha ferry.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. JJ JS. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
MACHINE turning, metal spinning, brass fin-
Ishlng & models made. A. Graff. 10 Stevenson.
HEALTHY boy or girl baby for adoption. MRS.
DR. FL'N'KE. HIS Eighth st.. Alameda,
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter it
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint the. best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color: »; at all drugidsts.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. CCO'DONNELL— Offlce and residence.'
1021H Market at. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: se«
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
CHOICE lots for building and very cheap and
all well located: north or sunny side Union
St., on the hill, near Scottj 23x111); only J1600;
all street work done: stone pavement: basalt
block; fine marine view. West side Eleventh
ave.. north of Clement. 2 fine lots, only S15_>
for both: elevated ground; marine view; $49
first payment. West side Tenth ave., closa
to Clement 1 lot Well located; JSOO; |20 first
payment. Two lots north or sunny side of A
St.. near Seventh ave: 120 first payment.
Two lots Eighteenth ave., near A St.; Jj>J
for both. W. J. GUNN. 530 California st..
between Montgomery and Kearny.
NEW up-to-date houses; 7 and 9 rooms: well
built: fine view; go and sv them and you
will buy. See owner on premises. Clayton st..
south of Frederick, or JEROME ENGLISH.
11 Montgomery st
FOR sale or to rent— Bargain; house II rooms;
2 lots: No. 17C3 Alabama st. Apply 1534 Stock-
ton st.; key grocery. Alabama and TWenty-
elshth sts.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park, then
call on W. J. GUNN. E30 California st
FOR sale — House 8 rooms In Mission: S lots.
Call 824 Stockton: good bargain.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell, 1147 Mission.
FOR the best located lots In Richmond and th»
cheapest call on W. J. CtTNX. £30 California.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale
A "PICK-UP"— Peculiar circumstances causes
owner to sacrifice; Just think of It. only JSO
per acre for 100 acres adjoining city limits:
now In tig demand and easily salable In
small tracts at J3X) and over per acre; er-
as It is first-class, highly cultivated, level
loam, all In crop— It's making of very cheap,
profitable and" lovely home ranch: take my
advice, don't hesitate, but make ttO.OCO by
purchasing this; easy terms if desired.
Remember, I am accurately acquainted
with more country property for sale and ex-
change than all other agents In 8. F. : SOOO
ranches on my list: state what's wanted and
get reliable descriptions of bargains.
N. D. S1CKELS, the Land Agent. « Geary.
FARM for sale at public auction March 2. 1301—
Half mile Sonoma: 37 acres in orchard and
vineyard: furnished bouse- 11 rooms. 2-story:
barn 40x50; horses, wagons, poultry, farming
\ Implements; aale on premises at I p. m.
FRANK CHELINI. Sonoma.
— A BARGAIN
V 2 houses and lots at Crockett. Contra Costa
County; rented for U2 per month: price S&00.
DAVID BUSH & SON. 10 Montgomery st.
IN Mill Valley, a nice home, for sale cheap on
account of departure. E2S Turk st.. 9. F.
WRITE J. XV. HORN. 815 Main. Petaluma. for
fr»e enpv of Sonoma Co. r*al estate bargain*.
ALAMEDA . ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA KBAIi -sT.VTB.
BEAUTIFUL modern cottage. S rooms: lot 50x
150; choice location; stable, etc.: a sacrifice;
easy terms. A. O. BURNS. 1501 Park st.
Alameda, -
FOR SALE— A bargain, or will let to reliable
¦ party: good modern bouse, 8 rooms; central;
convenient to trains, coxa, school. Box 1662.
Call office.MAIL BOAT VENTURA SAILS
FOR AUSTRALIAN PORTS
Takes Away p Great Number of Passengers and
Every Ounce of Cargo She Can Get Aboard.
THE SAN FRANCISCO bAL.Li, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 190J.
TO BAIL.
FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 15.
NOTE— In tho above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides | are given I In the i left
hand column and the successive; tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time ' of
day. the third tlmo column gives the 'last, tide
of the day, except • when ¦ there are ; but three
tides, as sometimes occurs.- The heights' given
are in addition to the soundings on the ; United
States Coast Survey charts.- except- 1 . when., a
minus sign <— ) precedes the. height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts.; The plane of reference
la the mean of the lower low waters. .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Highland Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ,.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort. Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.-
J Holtman & w, Mo
H II Knox. NY
F M Hablltt. Ind
H M Kahn, Salt Lake
M Cl ernes & w, Canad
O F Humphrey, Mo
A C-Vlckcry, Mo
Mrs Humphrey, Mo
Mrs Buzzard, Chicago
Col 'Hawley & w, India
A L Register, Phlla
\V B Taylor, Louisiana
A C Street, L Ang
T J Field, Monterey
J Gaebelr Stanford
C Dutton & w, Mont
Mrs Graham, S Josn
A Mitchell & w, Clnn
Mrs Simpson, N Y
MUs Simpson, N Y .
O K Whltton. S Josa
W Burnett. Palo Alto
C A Smith, Mlnnapls
E R Graham, Hanford
IL Carleton & w. N Y
J W Knox. Merced •
H Rosehlll, NY
T Houghton & w, Bstn
V Arntzen, Boston
J Y Smith, Salt Lake
R D Stephens. Sacto
B Thomas, N Y
W Prichard. Seattle •
A Bowers, Seattle .
L James, Mill. Valley
E Davis, Placervllle
H Hammond, Florida
W B Jones, Boston
J de Plchon, Cal
B F Lowell, Colo
R JVernpr, Colo
O Lowell & w, Idaho
C Merlng, Yolo
H W Butler. L Ang
J Pauly. Cal
H A C Rublo. N T
W Rapp. Chicago
W W Rapp, L Angeles
Mrs S 8 Smith, Minn
Mrs S J Harding, Stle
J Mlredeth, Pittsburg
F T Wilson, Mo
M B Walker. D C •
MIbs S Merrlgold. Cal
J W Bremlne, Cal .
J B*rrer.' Los Angeles
Mrs G- Hammerly. Cal
H B Rodgers, Watsnvl
F Rodgers. Watsonvllle
Dr F A K^ables. Vet
erans' Home
W F Barhea, L Ang
C E Glldden, Madera
C A Foster, Lowell
W R Johnson. Rtocktn
W. H Nicholson. Cal
J G. Khebley, ¦ Colfax
Dr A H. Sweeney, Cal
G V Martin. Franklin
G T . Parr. Portland
K A Stuart, Seattle
L tV Wllllard, S Rosa
Mrs N I Boons-. R Blft
R E French, . Bakorsfld
E B Waterman, Bkrdrl
T O Toland & w. Cal j
E M Wilkinson & w,
California
H II Hunter, Boston
T L Gates, -Vacavllle
Mrs Banito, San Diego
MUs K.Donnelly. B C
V O Patrick, Bradley
A Crest, Mont " .
Miss Raymon, Mont
J Qulnn. .St Louis
H'C Holt, Los Ang
C Raelln, Jamestown
J Krans, - Canada
J Smith. NT .
T Kenneflck. St Louis
E Leland & w, Boston
J Finch & w, Spokane
G Grammar, Ohio
A Llttteson & w. Ill
Miss Littleson. Ohio
O F Long & w, U S A
H Newmark, L Ang
L Huttenbaeh, London
T Huttenbaeh. London
D Campbell & w, Cal
T Magee Jr & w, Cal
D Biers, Indianapolis
S \V Meyerfleld. N Y
H G Nye, Chicago
D Perkins & w. Mont
Miss Perkins, Mont
C FlUing A w. Mont
Miss ¦ Dlxon, Mont
J J Donnelly, Colo
J Grlmwood, .Colo
W Reid & w, Belmont
C Tuttle & w, Colusa
F E Hart, Ohio
E Morrison, Cal
A Duphuny, Eureka ]
J Ohlerlng & w, Chgo
C E Flnlay. Mo
Dr Van Fossen, Mo
L B Price & w. Mo
B F Blank, N Y
G TUlKman, N Y
L S Fremann, N Y
Miss Falling, Portland
A .Welnberg & w. Tac
F Osgood & w, Seattle
D Kelleher,- Seattle
E Anderson. Seattle
J Manerhan, N T
C Pomeroy & w. Cal
C S Untermeyer, N Y
M Brummer, N Y
G Katzenstein, Sacto.
H L "Pace, Tulare
B Kt tinman & w. Sac
C Bushman & w, Taco
GRAND HOTEL.
J B Finch.. Superior
E W Dunn. San Jose
Mrs D Holllster. Cal
Miss B Holltster. Oil
E W Pease, L Ang
A Donovan, 8 Leandro
V C Snelling, R Bluff
Dr G Ivanoovlch & w,
Petaluma • •
E L' Smith. Merced
W T Whitney & w,
Seattle .
C G Jllson. Hornbrook
O Scribner. Bakercfleld
U S O White & w.
U S N
C T O'Brien & w, Kan
W G Hartley. Merced
O Y Woodward & w,
Woodward
G M Westcott. Concord
A B Adams. Sacto
W A Crowell. Auburn
O L Williams, ¦ N. Y .
C W Wlckershaw. Nev
J'R Roslyn. Mexico •
L.-A Blaslngame & w.
Fresno
H L Fitzpatrlck & w,
Ireland '¦'!}'.
O T Fitrpatrlck. • Cal
A J Larson. Lodl '
C W Baboock, Minn
C C Morrison, Wls
J B Wood, Kentucky
C G Lewis. L Angelej
C P Whltaker, L Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
L G Ratto, Cal
Mrs L E Spauldingr.Cal
W D Good, Seattle
E L Peterson. Seattle
E Peterson, Seattle
J Balfour, Coultervllle
J G Smlthi Tulare
W H Calhoun. Iowa
J A Slee. Iowa
M T Miller. Iowa .
W O Banito. 8 Diego
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
GENOA— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr . Auguste VIc-
OCEAN , STEAMERS.
FREMANTLE— Arrived Feb 13— Bktn Arago,
from Columbia River.
ROUEN— In port Jan 30— Fr bark Cambronne.
for San Francisco, via Cardiff. , .
I MA-ZATLAN-Salled Feb 13— <3er stmr Tot
mes, for" San Francisco. -
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 11— Br stmr Olen
ogle, from Tacoma. i , • . ¦ . "
¦ ST .VINCENT— Arrived Jan 27— Gerl.stmr
Tan'.s, from Hamburg, for San Francisco. Feb
IS— Aus stmr Slam, hence Dec 12. \
PANAMA— Arrived prior to Feb 13— Stmr St
Paul, hence Jan 29. , : ;.
QUBENSTOWN— Arrived Feb 13— Br ship
Ancalos. hence Sept 12. : ¦
CALLAO — Arrived Dec 2»— Bark Garibaldi,
from Vancouver. -
COLON— Arrived Feb 12— Etmr Finance, from
New York.' v '---•. i ,,
Sailed Feb 12— Stmr AlllancA, for New York.
GENOA— Arrived Jan 28 — Ger stmr Denderah.
from Hamburg, for Valparaiso. ¦• •..v^-sfwjjpwa
¦ SCATTERY ROADS— 'Arrived Feb 13— Br ship
Rlversdale, from Oreeon... *, -
NEWCASTLE. Aub— Arrived Jan 7— Br bark
Battle t Abbey, to load for Honolulu.
DUNKIRK— In port • Feb *— Fr bark Mac-
Mnhonr for San Francisco. -'-*¦> 'r *¦--*¦
HONQKONO— Sailed Feb 13-^-Br, stmr Em
press of India. ; for Vancouver. ; .
FOREIGN. PORTS,
. NEW TORK— Arrived Feb 12— Stmr Advance,
from Colon. ¦
Sailed Feb IS— Stmr City of Washington, for
Colon. '."¦ ? :¦¦-¦¦ \ ¦:;
EASTERN. PORT.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Feb 0 — Schr
Dauntless, from. San Pedro.
NEAH. BAT— Passed in .Feb 14— Ship Indiana,
hence Jan 31, for Nanaimo; schr Lottie Ben
nett, hence Jan 30," i for Port Townsend: stmr
Santa Barbara, hence Feb 11, for Seattle.' ¦-
PORT LOS ¦ ANGEX.ES— Sailed Feb 14— Stmr
National City, for San Francisco.
TACOMA r- Sailed ' Feb 14 — Ship Dashing
Wave, for San Francisco.
1 SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 14— Schr Fred E
Santlsr, from San PedrO. .'.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 14— Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco; stmr Pasadena, for
Eureka; stmr Nokomls.'. for Grays, Harbor. -
¦ EUREKA— Arrived Feb 14-Stmr Lakme,
hence Feb 13; -stmr Alliance, from Astoria.
Balled Feb 14— Stmrs Ponoma and San Pedro,
for San Francisco. ¦ •¦ ¦ •:¦'•¦:
ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Columbia,
hence Feb 12; Br stmr Almond* Branch, from
Nagasaki; Nor stmr Skarpsno, from Hongkong;
Ger ship Brunshausen, /from. Guay maw.
COOS BAT— Bailed Feb 14— Schr Glen, for
Pan Francisco. sN35*9fi'-
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived Feb 14— Bktn
Robert Sudden, from Honolulu; bktn Wjestler,
from Honolulu. >-..''.
GRATS- HARBOR— Arrived > Feb 14— Star
Coronado, hence Fe*> 11: schr C A Thayer, from
San Pedro:. schr C R .Wilson, hence Feb 1.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Feb lfr-Stmr Homer, for
Eureka. ;.>'•' >¦
DOMESTIC PORTS.
LONDON. Feb ' 13— Br ship Tarana. from
Santa Rosalia, for Iquique, has been posted In
Lloyd's- as mlsslncr.
SEATTLE. Feb 14— The schr Fred E Sander,
from San Pedro, reports speaking the Ger ship
Otto Gildermeister on Jan 30 In lat 33 50 N, Ion
1*7,30 W. dismasted. Vessel had nothing, but
three low masts standing- and was heading B
by N. Was all right and would try and make
San Francisco. ¦¦ '¦••'
MISCELLANEOUS.
Per schr Webfoot. from Grays Harbor -Feb
14— Jan 25, 25 miles oft Tillamook. Light, saw a
vessel bottom up painted with red bottom, for
ward part of keel under, water, white hull.
MEMORANDUM.
POINT LOBOC; Fob 14, 10 p m-Weather
cloudy; wind calm.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Btmr Centennial, 1 Anderson, for Seattle.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkef. .
StmrHyadea, Garllch. Chemalnus. ' • i '
Stmr Scotia, Waivlg, Eureka. ••..-"?*.'
4 Nor stmr Titanla, Egenes, Nanalmo.
Ur »tmr Condor, Anderson, Callao.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Klltraard. Eurekk.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, Greenwood.
Btmr Whltesboro, Olsen, . ;
Btmr Aberdeen, Hansen, .
Bark Mauna Ala. Smith. Honolulu.
Bante Santa Paula, McOovern, Ventura, in
tow of tug: Rescue: ' . . . ,
Schr Del Norte, Jacobsen. Rogue River. *
Thursday, February . 14.
Etmr .Ventura, Hayward, for Honolulu and
Sydney. ' ' '
SAILED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. February 14.
Stmr North Fork, McLellan, it hours from
Eureka. *»*>4* .,
Stmr Geo W 'Elder.' Handall, ¦ 3 days from
Portland,, via -Astoria 2 days.
Stmr ¦ Geo Loomls, Bridgett. 32 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Gwenwood. Fasrerlund, 12 hours from
Rules Landing.
Stmr* Point Arena,. Hansen, 13 hours from
Mendocino. „ . .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Glelow. 44 hours from San
Dleco. ,
Stmr Westport, Ericsson. 4S hours from Eu
reka. . ¦
Stmr Crescent City, Payne. 51 hours from
Crescent City.
Br strnr Bristol, Mclntyre, 4 days from Oys-
ter Harbor.
8ehr Bender Brothers, \Vetzel, 4S hours from
Plshermans'Bay. .- '¦'* .
Schr Lettltia,. Zachary, 7 days from Grays
Harbor. . . ~*
Schr Webfoot. Mercer. 6 days from Grays
Harbor. " *¦• •
CLEARED.
Thursday. February 14.
Stmr Ventura, Hayward. Honolulu and Syd
ney; J-D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Corona,. Hlnkle, San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.'
Nor stmr Titanla, 'Ejcenes, Nanaimo: John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
The collier Tltanla sailed yesterday for Na
nalmo with various mining supplies valued at
$3284. Including the . following: 3 colls wire
rope, 375 rails, 203. steel rails, 9830 ttm grease.
Supplies for Nanaimo.
Shipping Merchants.
The Glooscap loads lumber at' Tacoma for
Melbourne. 6Cs, option of Sydney, 52s 8d. or
Cork 83s, prior to arrival: the Dutch steamer
Wllhelmina, 'wheat at Portland for Europe.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OP THE .OCEAN.
Quartermaster Captain Miles of the
Warren has been transferred to the Sheri
dan and will go out on that transport
next Saturday.
Three of the Japanese who escaped from
the Mall dock Tuesday were recaptured
yesterday, •
a lacerated scalp wound and a .cut fore
head dressed at the Harbor Hospital early
yesterday morning by. Dr.'Armlstead. Me-
Namara; who is a bricklayer, "says he was
knocked down and robbed, but Officers
Dower and Richter say he was drunk and
fell, striking his face against the curb
stone.
RJSVVS OF OVERDUE FLEET.
One Vessel Posted as Missing, An
other Heard. From.
The schooner Fred E. Sanders arrived.
at Seattle from San Pedro last night and
reported having spoken the German bark
Otto Gildermeister on Januarly 30 in lati
tude 33 27 north, longitude 127 west.' The
Gildermeister 'was partially dismasted and
was apparently heading for San Fran
cisco. The vessel is now out ninety-two
da^ys from Yokohama for Portland, and 90
per cent has been offered for several days
to reinsure her, chances. When she was
seen by the Sanders she was making slow
headway. • ' * "
The speaking of the Otto Gildermeister
may give a fillip to the rest of the long
overdues. The Cape Wrath is now out
105 days from Callao for Portland, and the
Andrada 95 days from Santa Rosalia- for
Portland, and S<0 per cent has in. vain been'
offered by the underwriters' on their'
chances. The British ship Yarana, from
Santa Rosalia for Iquique, has been post
ed.as missing at Lloyds' and the Andra
murcheji, 73 days out from the Fraser
River for Liverpool, has been practically
given up for lost. . •
The schooner Webfoot, which arrived
yesterday from Grays Harbor, reports
sighting a derelict, bottom up, twenty
five miles off Tillamook Light. The bot
tom was painted red and the hull white
This is probably the remains of the
schooner Joseph and Henry, which was
wrecked during .the recent gales. The
hull drifted* inshore and was recognized
and then drifted out to sea again The
description given' by the captain of the
Wcbfoot tallies with the Joseph and
Ilcnry. ¦¦...•
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
.At yesterday's meeting of the Board of
Harbor Commissioners : the Risdon Iron
Works asked permission to erect a wharf
at the Potrero '155 feet long and 20 feet
wide. They want the structure to- form
an approach to the' marine ways which
the company proposes building. A guar
antee will- be filed with the board that
the wharf will not be used for mercantile
works.
Val Franz was awarded a contract for
repairing the roundhouse on Seawall 9
for $1C8O,. '
At. the request of Captain Glass the
space between Yerba Buena (Goat) Island
and Long Wharf, Oakland, were declared
in the fairway and ships cannot anchor
there any more. .
Owners of .property in the vicinity of
the Sixth and Harriet streets intersection >
complained that the property of the State
Is being used as a saloon Bite. The mat
ter was referred to the Chief Wharfinger
The. Independent Electric Light ahd
Power, Company asked' the board for per
mission to submit bids for the lighting
of the water front and all the- State
buildings thereon. The secretary was in
structed to call for bids for the work for
the next three years, commencing. May 1
Wat«r Front Notes. N
The Dunsmuirs are overrun with . coal"
ships ; and " they ) cannot ; discharge : them.
The 1 Royalist, Victoria, Bristol; and Wel
lington are all in ¦ port, and as only; one
can' berth , ; at a time there is'^ much jug
gling as to how to get off ' the cargoes.
The Wellington is discharging Into the
big coal barge Energy. -The Royalist was
moved to the Mail dock to finish discharg
ing there In • order to give \ the Victoria a
chance and: the Bristol is still at anchor
All of them -will sail for the Sound again
next week. .. . - ;
James McNamara had a fractured nose.
p^^saHE Oceanic Steamship Company's
I Ventura sailed yesterday for Syd-
I ney, N. S. W. t via- Honolulu, H. I.,
11 Pago Pago, Samoa, and Auckland,
carrying the British and American
mails for all of those places. • Among
those who went away in the cabin of the
mall boat were, the following named:
C. A. Hawkins, W. Gilbert, Dr. W. Warren,
J. H. Wagner. M. Markell and wife. W. S.
Coodfellow arid wife, W. Palache, John W.
Van Bergen and wife, George B. Dearborn,
Mrs. Dearborn and two children. Captain Wil
liam Matson and wife. John 1>. Spreckels,
Miss Grace Spreckels, Mrs. W. D. K. Gibson,
Miss D. Mills, A. W. Wilson and wife, Miss
Marsh, C. H. BIrelow and 'wife, Miss K.
Cousins, Miss McL. Manchester, Mrs. W. C.
Daniels. F. R. Davis and wife, W." S. Miller.
A.' Caro, L. C. Miller and wife. L.' A. Stewart
and wife. Mrs. J. L. Barraclough. Misk Barra
clough, Mi68 L\ B. Davis, C. G. Owens. H. P.
Faye, H. E. Hall and wife, H. R. Falk and
wife, John A. Buck, R. S. Moore, W. A. Crow
ley, L. A. Thurston and wife. D. Scoular, W.
A. Scoular. & A. Watson. W. H. Davis, John
Lloyd and wife, George Tourny, G. Shlrly. W.
E. Hampton and wife, D. W.« Stephens, E. C.
Maicfarlane, Mrs. W. A. Drt,scoll and infant,
L. F. Stone, F. Belasco, R. Miller, A. E.
Lacey, S. A. Teal, R. F. Dllllnghara, A. Raas.
C. N. Cotton and wife, S. Sussman, M: M.
O'Shaugrhnessy, G. W. Hind. Miss E. Noble,
Miss M. Dyer, F. L. Decker, W. A. Alexan
der, C. E. Bartlett. J. Rosenberg, Miss N.
Ackerman, Mrs. Furman, W. J. Nead. Miss
J. Cook, L. E. Williams. L. D. Alexander,
Miss Mackintosh, Miss M. C. Alexander, G.
P. Edwards, wife' and child; P. F. Kohnke,
Miss A. A. Coleman, w. E. Kaiser, George
Warfleld, E. -W. McConnell. L. K. Kentweil,
I). R. Green, Mrs. Daniels and' maid. Mrs.
Foster, Rev. E. Macintosh and wife, P. A;
Perry. J. F. Riley. H. H. Scovel, D. Smiley.
Mies E. L. Stow, Miss E. Crocker. S. K.
Stubbin, Mr. Layton and wife, Mrs. Orne,
Miss Galvin, Mrs. Kerr, Miss Rosenberg, Wil
lilim Waterhouse. George L. Renshllne, A.
Shireholtz, J. Campbell, Brother ' Bernard, G.
H. Pecht. Rev. Father P. M.- Jullotte and J.
G. Alexander. •
The Ventura has been thoroughly over
hauled, and. Captain H. M. Hayward ex
pects to beat the Sonoma's time to Auck
land. As the latter vessel beat her con
tract time to that point by eighteen hours,
the Ventura will be doing j remarkably
well if she beats the record. \ .
There was an. enormous crowd present
to see the vessel away and three hearty
chee'r3 were given for the liner as sh©
moved from the wharf. Many of the cab
ins on the were .beautifully
decorated with flowers, but those of Miss
Grace Spreckels and Mrs. W. E>. K. Glb
son were regular bowers of violets. and
hothouse plants and flowers.
torla, from New York, for Madeira, on cruise;
stmr Aller. from New York, via Naples.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 14— Stmr Sa«a
moree, from Boston; stmr Teutonic, from New
lork; stmr Geatrian, from Boston; stmr Cuflx.
from New York.
Sailed F«b 14-Stmr New England, for Bos
ton.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb I^-Stmr Meno
mlnee. from London; itmr Oldenberg, from
Bremen.
Sailed Feb 14— Stmr La Champagne, for
Havre; stmr Fuerst Bismarck, for Naples, etc
BOSTON-Arrtred Feb 14-8tmr Baxonla.
from Liverpool.
BREMEN— A.-rlved Feb 14— Stmr Weimar,
from New TorJc
'ANTWERP— Sailed Feb 14— Stmr Cambyse*.
for San Francisco.
.QUEENSTOWN-Satled Feb 14-Stmr Ocean
ic, 'from Liverpool, for New York.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
FOUR COLLIERS THAT ARE STRIVING IN VAIN TO GET RID OF THEIR LOADS. THEY AJIE THE BRISTOL*
ROYALIST, VICTORIA AND WELLINGTON, AND BETWEEN THEM THEY HAVE MORE THAN 15 000 TONS
OF COAL. ABOARD. . ' ¦ . t^-J
11
Strainer.
From.
Due.
Empire Coos Bay Feb. 15
Mattewan Tacoma ..:..... Feb. 15
Mandalay Coquille • River Feb. 15
San Pedro Humboldt Feb. 15
Alliance Portland and Coos Bay F<*b. 15
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 15
Umatllla.' Puget Sound Ports..... Feb. It
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 16.
Palena Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 17
Fulton Grays Harbor :.... Fob. 17
Coos Bay Newport Feb. 17
Queen San Diego „ Feb. 17
Rainier Seattle & JJ. Whatcom. Feb. 17
Eureka Humboldt Feb. IS
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Feb. 18
Fedtrlca.t..'..'. Nanaimo Feb. 13
Bergenhus..... China via San Diego... Feb. 19
City Rio Jan...- China and Japan Feb. 19
Colon Panama & Way Port*. Feb. ip
Columbia Portland and Astoria... Feb. 19
Robt. Dollar... Seattle .• Feb. 19
Willamette Seattle Feb.- 19
Mackinaw...... Seattle Feb. 13
Argo.. Coquille River Bfcb. 19
Marlposa Honolulu Feb. 20
Corona Newport Feb. 20
State of Cal.... Puge.t Sound Ports..... Feb. 21
Point Arena. '.. Point Arena Feb. tl
Santa Rosa.... San Diego Feb. 21
Orescent City.. Crescent City ........... Feb_ 21
Steamer.
I
De«t nation.
I Sails.! Pier.
1 i
' February 15.
Eureka... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Corona Newport 9 am Pier U
' . Pebruarr 10.
Empire Coos Bay 4 pm Pier IS
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier Z
Mandalay.... Coquille River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Nome City... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Febrnsrr 17.
Alliance '. Portland & Coos B 9 am Pier —
Pomona; Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
G. W. Elder. Astoria & FortlaiM 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa... San Diego. 9 am Pier 11
Febrnary 18.
City of Para. Panama & WayPts 12 m PMSS
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
February. ID.
Roanoke Panama 2 pm Pier 34
Nippon Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
riontta. ....... Newport I. "9 am Pier 11
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier —
Arcata Coos Bay : 13 m Pier 13
Febrnnrr 2O.
Umatllli....'. Pu&et Sound Ports II am Pier 9
Palena Valparaiso & Way 2 pm S.W. 1
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Argo Coqullle River...... 4 pm Pier 2
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
February SI.
Humboldt.... Alaska v Puget Sd ..,.*... Pier —
Sun
Sun •
Moon
•Ises '.
lets .......'.*..
rises
7:00
.........5:4S
1:00 a. m.
•| I
Time! Time
! Ft."'
L Wl H W
2:00 2.9 S:00
2:52 2.7 8:55
1:40 2.2 9:47
4:28 • 1.8 10:S9
5:15 1.4 11:»
H W L, w
0:29 5.5 6:03
1:04 6.6 ' 6:66
I Time!
Tlme|
Ft.
H W . ;
10:11 4.7
10:47 .6.0
11:21 5.2
11:59 '5.4
WW '"
6:29 0.3
7:11 0.8
15 ...
IS ...
17 ...
18 ...
19 ...
Ft.
6.6
6.8
5.8
6.0
6.9
L W
8:01
3:45
.4:16
S:C6
5:46
H-W
12:20
,1:15
,-M
—0.2
—0.4
—0.6
-0.8
0.0
20 ...
21 ...
1.1
0.8
5.6
5.4
HARRIGAN— In this city, February 13. 1901.
at the residence of his mother. 159 Tehama
street, John James, dearly beloved , son : of
Mary a.nd the late Dennis C. Harrtgan. and
bfother of Qeorgle Harrigan, a native of San
F^S".^" 0 ' aged 15 months and 23 days.
. u^rrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
<^ r ' d .ay), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother. 159 Tehama streat, off Third.
Interment National Cemetery.
HA , W KINS-In Oakland, February 14. 1901.
CI^ ra^,? u * tlne ' beloved daughter of Samuel
and "Ella Hawkins, and sister of Mrs.. Harry
Stacia and Louie, Sam and Harry Hawkins,
a native of Ashvllle. N. C, aged 12 years 7
months and 4 days. '
HEANEY— In thla city. February 13, 1901. Mies
land, aney> a natlve °* County Derry. Ire-
JDTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow ! (Saturday), al
8:30 o clock, from the residence of Mr.
Charles Kane. 643 Ellis street, thence to St.
Mary s Cathedral, where a requiem high
mass wllj be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commenclnK at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary. Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers. ,
LEMEN_in this city. February 14.-" 1901. Or-
lando T. Lemen, a native of Urbana. Ohio,
aged o5- years 6 months and 10 days.
LESSM ANN-In this city. February 13, i 1901.
Joseph, beloved husband of the late Chris-
tina Lessjnann, father of the late Joseph B.
Lessmann, father-in-law 'of Mrs. Margaret
i^essmann. and grandfather of Frana. Chris-
tie. Elizabeth and Francis . Lessmann. a na-
tive of Bodenrelch, Germany, aged 68 years
3 months and 6 days. A member of St.
Peter's St. Paulus Society; San Francisco
Branch No. 197. C. K. of A., and San Fran-
clsco \ereln Elntracht. *
t Gj'Friends. and acquaintances *r« respect-
ruiiy Invlted.to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1242 Bush street, near Larkin,
thence to St. Boniface's Church, Golden
Oate avenue, between Jones and Leaven-
worth Btreets, where a solemn requiem- high
mass will be celebrated for the. repose of his
foul, commencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. • \ • . • "
LEVY— In Port Townsend. Wash.. 1 February 14.
'i •¦ Jenn le. beloved wife of Mark E. Levy,
daughter of A, Newman, and Bister of the
>late Mrs. Simon Wolf. Mrs. P. Nathan. Mrs.
Ben Bearwald and -Isldor, 'Nathan. Alfred
and Sam Newman, a native of California,
- aged 25 years.
E7- Notice of funeral hereafter:
McGRATH— in this city, February 11, • 1901.
Ellen McGrath, a native of Ireland, aged 75
years. "
. artd acquaintances are 'respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock; from the parlors
of J. CO' Connor. & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery,
MARTLAND— In this city, February 13, 1901,
at his residence. 1232 McAllister street. Wil-
liam Kay Martland. beloved husband of Re-
becca H. MarUand, and father of Benjamin
Kay and Robert W. Martland and Mrs. H.
B. Mulford, a native of Massachusetts, aged
66 vears 5 months and 29 days. - !
CTTriends and acquaintances "are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Mission Ma-
sonlc Temple. 2628 Mission street.. Funeral
.under the auspices of Mission Lodge No.
199. F. and A. M.. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. Please omit flowers. ¦
NOTICE— M. E. B. A. No. 35: Please meet - at
the rpoms this day (Friday), at 1 o'clock, to
attend the funeral of Brother WV K. Mart-
land deceased. J. R. FLOUD, President.
WILLIAM WARIN. Secretary! • - '
MILLARIi— In this city, Febru&ry 12, 1901,
Frank A., beloved son of Julius and Matilda
Mlllark, a native of Prussia, aged 19 years
and 9 months.
CrKemalna at the funeral parlors . of
Charles H. Jacob & Co.. S18 Mason street,
between O'Farrell and Geary. Funeral and
interment at Oakdale, Stanislaus County,
Cal., this (Friday) afternoon.
ORENGO— In this city,' February 14. 1901
Teresa Orengo, beloved wife of Benjamin
•Orengo, beloved mother of Virgil, Florence,
Benjamin and Teotlsta Orengo. and sister of
Mrs. G. and Mr. N. Cadenasso. a native of
Italy, aged 44 years and 9 months. .(Wood-
land papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrOw
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, lliou Filbert street. Interment New
Italian Cemetery. • . .
PLOVER— A requiem mass (month's mind) for
the repose of the 8oul of tho late Patrick
Plover will be celebrated at St. Ignatius
Church to-morrow (Saturday), at 9 o'clock.
REGENER— In the City and County Hospital.
February 14, 1901, Wilhelm Reg-ener. a na-
tive of Germany, aged 59 yearo. '
STEIN-In Livingston. Ala., December 17, 1900,
Alexander Stein, beloved father of Charles'
E., Maurice, Herman. Sam, Emanuel, Joseph
and Roea Stein, and Mrs. Hannah Levy, a
native of Elsleben. Germany, aged 70 years
8 months and 26 days.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Fl anna nan tt Gallagher.) *
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth Ft., opposite Lincoln School.
. - Telephone South 80.
.Aac^vov at co..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
' 1133 -Market tt.. between 8th and 9th. •
Telephone | South 247.
n and 29 Fifth st. TeL South 167.
rCKEBAL DIRECT0R3 AND EMBALMER3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate ' Rates.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
niRt^LEY^COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE- 5 rocrns - JJI mo - lnc!udlnR~water!
Cor, gl-.af.uck ave. and Rose St.. N. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFFiCE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD FUXlXn'citE FOR SALE.
J5 introduction to yoT7TOrh^H7^c^eTlhaas77h?
furriT;:re cp? Ser. nth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR .HOL'SEICIEEPIXG.
A-TWO sunny room*, furnished complete for
h.iuwkeepirijc; rein « :5 per week; aUo single
rooms, fl per week. ArpJy Bhoestore. 562 Mis-
i-ion Kt.. hetwecn First and Second sts.
lil'SH. ires — Two or more rooms for housekeep-
ing ; !..;'.. and gas.
CUARA, £3-3 cr 4 rooms, furnished for house-
keepln*;. •
TLI-1S. 42t—3 nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeping. .
j:iXIS, c:i— Fror.t fu!te. 3 rooms, newly fur-
nished for heavy housekeeping; gas; J2J to.
Kl'LTON. 116 — Purnlshed housekeeping: rooms
nnd others from $4 up; runny.
1 liOOMS fumifhed fcr housekeeping on Geary
Ft. $11 per month. Apply Elder Rental Bu-
reau. 22 Kearny st. . •
GUERRERO. 2CS— FurnlsW bedroom and par-
lor, riano. tli: Flr.gle room and kitchen. $10.
CDEREEBd 11M. near Twen.ty-fourth-Sunny
culte of racr.it and kitchen; connecting; J1S.
LEA VKN WORTH. 405. near Ellis— Housekeep-
ing rooms. 112 per month.
Minna, €'•:,- Large Eur.ny furnished front
rooms for housekeeping.
MONTGOMERY- ave., lfr-Larpe sunny unfur-
n.sn^a suites and itln^le housekeeplnfr room's-
running Trater; quiet, respectable house.
O'FAKRELL.. T12-2 or 3 furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping, rear tiarlor floors.
FIXTH1S6— gunny rooms for light housekeep-
ing; also room for gentleman.
ETOCKTON. CC3-Nlcely furnished, sunny
roorr.s. cinifle or en suite; also housekeeping
rooms with ail conveniences. ¦
'1 J--HAMA. 44—2 front hongekeeplng rooms.
TO let— 4 furnished or unfurnished housekeep-
lr.g rooms. gE. ccr. Point Lobos and 8th aves.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subucripuans has been established at 10»6
Valencia Bt.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnre. and CnforB.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms 25c
to SI t»er nipht : t: "f t o J." per wwk. and light
housekeeping; <pen all night.
AHLRORN HOTEL. 221 Grant ave.— Best dollar
a dav family .hotel in city: p<Mlt» attendance:
large rooms; modern conveniences; rooms 50c
up; flrFt-clasf meals 23c; free coach.
ritTANT. &::-$: monthly; front furnished
room la pleasar.t American family. * •
lil'RNETT. U26 Market (old No^ 1364>— Fur-
nished mt.. cuitee. single; also unfurnished.
EI'?H, &I0 <Tlie Elk)— Changed hands: nicely
'urn. KBOCf rrr.*.. finple. en suite, newly reno-
vat»d: ell ccr.ven. Mrs. K. M. Ramsey, prop.
rT'LTON", 430^r Email furnished rooms; BUlt-
. able for gentlemen : rent tA.
FfLTOX. ra— Large furnished double room;
bath; PuJTatle for 2 rentlemen.
GEARY.405 «The Naxarrc)— Elegantly furnished
rrr.s: yuitey rr single; travelers accommodated.
OOUJEK GATE. 120ft— Sumyr unfurnished par-
jrr euite; board optional: also unfurn. hskpg.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
«nd Minion sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
f Ingle: ladies' partor; reading-room; elevator.
Il.MGHT. lM'ri— To let. runny front room.
furnished.
HOWARD. Tl*— Newly furnished rooms to let;
private; quiet: J4. S6 and $10 a month.
LARKIN. TOT. nr. Ellis— Newly furnished sunny
frT.t room: rent t6 month; private family. I
tllNNA. 65. between First and Second— 5 sunny
rooms.
, s ___^__
3IINXA. 667. corner Eighth — Newly furnished
hay-window room; Jl per week; transient.
ECEW ARLINGTON. 1P15 Market ft.— Nicely
furnished rooms. T2 a week up; 3ic a day up.
O'FARRELL.. 20— gunny furnished rooms and
cffio«: #!«r«or: «¦!«-. lights; day. Tk., mo.
tTFABBBLU TTO— Nicely furnished room: jras,
running water; gentlemen preferred; rent UO.
X*OTAL House. 12S Ellis— Inoar.descent light;
r^^xlinir-rocm. tmoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per niRht, SSc t" tl 50; week. $2 to
?*: month. JS to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rocjr.s with hot and cold water; baths.
EOfEDALE House. S1S-221 Ellis St.— Rooms,
r.lght. S3c to tl: week, tl £5 to M; open night.
F HERMAX Apartment House. 38 Eighth St.,
r.rar Market— Furnished or unfurnfched.
FT'TTER. "2fti£— /Thanirefl hand*; newly rono-
vated: single rocms. }«; suite*. $12 to $25 mo.
TT"RK. 77 — Newly furnished sunnv front rooms,
?6 to til: also rice suite, $15.
TVRK. Ml Own, large funny room for gen-
• flmw, private family: fl per week.
VAX^CMCXA. R22— Changed hands; newly fur-
r.i>=h<»d sunny hay-window mite; other room«.
ROOMS AXD IIOARO.
AT th* ci4 6tevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex K07 California st., rosy
V* found a me*t exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest tates.
tLEOANTLT tc newly furni-shed «unny apart-
ments, with or without board; cuisine unex-
celled. D0H Broadway, cor. 12th St.. Oak-
larsd. top floor: MRS. M. C. ROBLNSON.Prop.
I.F.AVEMSOnTH. 1003— Large ?unny parjor:
: boarfl. . F r<ioms# ** con\enence». exce ent
*2p MS Rafi board; prices reasosabla. ' 415
ROOMS AMJ BOARD WASTED.
VrAXpsp-tttmti tot 2 babi^t 14 nvstlu and
room fr T wmis; »!thln 7 blocks of Butter
nr\<\ h'-amy *\*. p,, x nr^ f - aJ1 o<H( . e
tEW1\O MACH»XES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL klnflt bourht. *nld a^d^Xlrtr^iaTanl
_ teed. Charies Itamheck, 18^ Mission, nr 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold.- rented exchanged re-'
¦ paired; cpen even. ; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT. *'o'.a. rented, repaired; needle* and
shuttles: reduced rates. 14S 6th; phone Mint S.
SrECIAl. XOTICES.
BAL> tenar.te ejected for 14; collections made*
. c!ty or countrj'. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery rt-. rooms 8-10; tel. C5B0.
STORAGE AXD WAT.EHOCSES.
PIKRCE-RODOLPH Storare and Moving Co..
office. Poat end Powell tts.'; tel. Main 6718.
GOLDEN TTEST. Storage Warehou<«e, 849 Mis-
fion «t.: tel. Mlct 1S2L F. W. ZEHFUS3.
PEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 72J Mission it;
tel. Main 1^40; fhlppiny at cot rates. • •¦
TRUSSES. -
MANUFA'R; rlaftlc si ickinirs. shoulder braces.
fupport<Tf made, repaired. Mense. 603 Kearny.
AXD SLTl'LIUS.
CREAT BARGAINS' iN^TPEWRITERi^We
Fell better machines less money than any
. house in the city; rentals. M. The Typewriter
Exchange. r,36 California: telephone Main IF*.
DIVIDEND XOTICES. . .
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No SS~*«wentyT
five cents per abac*) of the Hutchlnson
eupar riantatlor. Co. will be payable at the
of flee- of U-i cempany. 327 Market et., on and
after V><Jne«<iay. February 20, 1S01 Trans-
Jf r ,^P ks .V :i . r , ! °^ on Th«»»<»ay. February
14,- 1901; at 3 o'clock p. m. ¦
¦ E. II. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 18 (twenty-
fve cents per share) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Co.." will be payable at the office
rt the company. S27 Market et.. on and after
Friday. February IS. 1901. Transfer books
cla*ed Friday. February 8. 19C1. at > o'clock
p. m. E. H. FHELDON. ¦ Secretary.
PROPOSALS. ~
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks,
Wash.. February 12. 1901. — Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will be received here until 11
o'clock a. m.. March 12, 1901. and then opened.,
for furnishing fuel at the several military
poets In this department, and at Camp at
Fkajrjay, Alaska. -And at Fort Llscum (Port
Valdet). Alaska, for fiscal year commencing;
July 1st, 1901. Information furnished here or
. by quartermasters at posts. U. 6. reserves
risht to reject or accept any or all proposals
or any. part thereof. Envelopes containing:
proposals should be marked: "Proposals for
fuel at ." and addressed to undersigned.
J. W. JACOBS, q. Q. M.
V~~B. ENGINEER Office. Flood building.
San Francisco, Cal.. January 8. 180L— Sealed
proposals for building wins dams In Sacra-
mento River, between Sacramento. Cal., and
mouth of river, will be reeeKed here until
12 noon. February IS. 1901. Information on
application. W. H. HEUER. Lieut. CoL En-
aTi&ecrs. ¦
The charge for. cremation to church, members
and members of organizations havin? presiding
officers and secretaries and" their families is
$30. All others 135. Expensive coffins and or-
naments are seldom used. A niche. In the Co-
lumbarlan Is a monument and saves the cost
of a lot and Its care and stone work. Send fcr
circular. - - .
GEORGE R. Ff^rrCHER. Manager.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
CREMATION.
HAIIWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains—Daily.
Leave* Market-Street Ferry Depot.
~~- Local Llra'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally .1 Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lt. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:90 p 4:20 p
Ar.. Stockton 10:25 a 11: 45 a 11:05 p 7:35 p
• " Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a ........
. " Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a .;
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a •
" Vlsalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld . 0:50'p 6:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City ........ 2:41 a T:IOa
" Chicago . ...¦?.... 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for mornlr.tr. p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping- Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chlcaro. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. So second clas*
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
re;pondlng train arrives at 5:55 p.m. dally.
' 4:20. p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-'
In c train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:C0 d. m. Is the Overland ExDress, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Recllninir Chair Car. also Palace
Eleer>er. • which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding- train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. ¦ I« BaVersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at S:40 a. m. dally.
~ Offices — Ml Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; HIS Brcadway. Oak-
land.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
- : : '.->; VM S«mmIIU F«rry. :
• Commencing September 30,' 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
XND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-«:S5. 11:00 a. m., «1:45.
S:i5, 4:00, B:15, <6:15, 6:40 P. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays -end Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «S:00. 'IOiCO. »ll:30 a. m., »1:15,
8:15, *4:45. 6:30. 3:00 p. m. • .
Trains marked <•) run to San- Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. *8:30. 7:45. 9:30 a. m.,
•1S:3O,--1:4S."»3:3O. 4:30. 6:20 p.'jn. -
•EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 8:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:20, •8:00., '•10:00. Tll:43 a, ra..
•1:40. *2:15. 4M5. *6:J0 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:43, 6:45, 7:35. »:30 a. m.,
12:35. 2:10. 3:30, 4:54, 6:20 p. m. . " .. •
-EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
p.nd Saturdays at 7:10-and 10:20 p. m, .
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:05, t:15 3:30
6:00, 6:45 p. m. ' ' .
.. THROUGH TRAINS.' .
6:55 a. m. - week days— Caxadero and way
stations.
1:45 p. " m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations.' - ''¦.:'.-'.-'.
: 8:00 a. m. ' Sundays— Tomales ' and way
stations.
fCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o clock, from the residence
1030 Pacific avenue. . Interment ' Mountain
View Cemetery.
C^The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1S18 Filbert street. Interment private.
COf RTNE V-In this city. February 14, 1901.
Alice Vivian Courtney, dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Katie and the late Frank J. Courtney
beloved sister of- Ruth. Frank and the late
lAwrence Courtney, and granddaughter o?
Mr. and- Mrs. Lawrence Courtney and Patrick
Lynch, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 10 months and 26 <iajs. ' *
DALET — In this city, February 14. 1901, James
Edward; beloved son of Timothy arid Cath-
erine Daley, a native of San Francisco, aged
3 years S months and 24 days. ¦
DALET— In this city. February 13. 1901. Mar-
garet Man*,, beloved daughter of Timothy
and Catherine Daley, a" native of San FTan-
cisco, aged 1 year 5 months and 13 days.
DALY— In this city. February 14, 1901. Sarah,
.beloved wife of Thomas Daly, mother of the
late Mary Daly, and sister of John and Matt
McAntee. Mrs. P. Larkln. Mrs. J. Dunn and
Mrs. McCooey, a native of Ireland, aired f.5
years 1 month and 14 days. (New York and
Philadelphia papers please copy.) . •
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her' late
residence, 719V4 Tehama street, thence to £t.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
rr>ul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DRUMMOND— Qn February 12, 1901. Lucretia
P. Drummond, second daughter of
Mrs. M. C. Skelton, and sinter of Grace. A.
Funcke. Lauron B. Bkelton and the late Mrs.
It. K. Malcolm, a native of Snelling-, Merced
County, Cal.. -aged 23 years 8 months and 22
days. '(Merced .papers please copy.)
CTTriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
. lors of James McMenomey & Son. 1057 Mlr-
, Fion street, thence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery
for cremation.
FERRANTK-In this city, February IS. 1901;
Arthur, dearly beloved and only child- of
r-alvator and Irene Ferrante, - and grandson
nf Mrs. Maria Denegxl, a native of Ban
' ranclsco. aged S months and 21 days.
£7 Friendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 7S1 Vallejo street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FLOOD-In this city. February 13, 1901. Pat-
rick Joseijh Flood*, beloved hisband of Cor-
nellla A. Flood, and father of Mrs. Myra L.
Hetch and Cornell la A ?1ood. a native of
New lork, aged 62 years' 10 months and '4
days-
HARDING— In Alameda, February 13 uoi
Adelaide Dora, beloved wife- of n J Ha'rd-
2 In*, and daughter of Mrs. J. B Evans a
native of Ireland, aged 32 years 6 months
and 28 days.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday),' at 30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1209 Mission stre>t." between Eighth an.!
Ninth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
carriage.
COaonOVE— In this city. February 13, 190i.
William, beloved son of Maria and the late
Patrick Coscrove, and brother of Katie,
Annie. Nellie, Flnle, Richard, Bdward and
Thomas Coserove. a native of 'San Fran-
cisco. a?ed 20 years 2 months and 6 days.
C7Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thla day
'Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission street,
thence to Et. Joseph's Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his eoul. commencing; at 9
o'clock; Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city. February 13. 1901, Wil-
liam A. Brown, brother of George and Albert
Brown. • -
fnyThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of N. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento
street.
CAPITANI— In" the City and County Hospital,
February 13. 1901. Giuseppe Capitanl, a native
of Italy, aged 49 years.
CARR— In Manila. P. I., September tl, 1S9S.
Michael Carr, late of the United States
steamship orympla, beloved son of Mary
Carr, and brother of John, Patrick. Peter
and the late Cornelius Carr and Mrs. Mary
Kelly, Mrs. Annie Drtscoll and Mrs. Cather-
ine Fuller, a native of San Francisco, aged
24 years and 4 months.
tCT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother. 25f> ! 2 ; Tehama street, between
Third and Fourth, thence to - St- Patrick's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
b» celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CERF— In .this city, February 13, 1901. William
Cerf, dearly beloved son of Eugene and Jo-
eephine Cerf. and brother of Charles Cert,
a native of San. Francisco, aged 12 years and
9 month?.
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
February 17. at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S: Godeau. . 303 Montgomery avenue,
thence to the French Church of Notre Dame
des Vlctoires. Bush street.
BRADY— In this city, February 12, 190L
Richard, husband of the late Elizabeth A.
Brady, and father of Richard, Samuel, John,
Edward and Matthew Brady and the late
Matilda McKenna. a native of Ireland,
aged 72 years 4 months and 12 days.
¦ !~— «
BACIOALUPI-In this xlty. February 13, 1901,
Carlo Badgalupl. a. native of Lorslca, Italy,
aftt-d 74 years 2 months and S days.
fi^The- funeral" will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, irom the Italian
Church of Sts. Peter and Paul, corner of
Dupont and Filbert streets., where a high
mars will b« celebrated at 10:30 o'clock. In-
terment Xew Italian Cemetery. ' Please omit
flowers.
BERGER.OT— fn this city, February 14. 1901,
Jean Berserot, beloved father of Paraclette
BerpTOt, brother of J. A. Bergerot. and un-
cle of P. A. Bergerot, a native of Basses,
Pyrenees. France, aged 70 years . and 11
months.
DIED.
Barlralupl, Carlo Harding:. Adelaide D.
Uergerot, Jean ¦ Uarrlpan, John J.
Brady, Richard Ha'wkins, Clara J.
Brown, William A. Heahey, Miss Ann
Capitanl, Giuseppe " Lemen, Orlando T.
Carr, Michael Lessmann, Joseph*
Cerf. William Levy. Jennie
Ooegrrpve, William McOrath. Ellen
Courtney,- Alice V. Martland, Wm. K.
Daley. James E. Mlllark, Frank A.
Daley, Margaret M, Orengo, Teresa
Daly. Barah Plover. Patrick
Drummond. Lucretia Regener. Wilhelm
Kerrante. Arthur • Etein. .Alexander
Flood, Patrick J.
rwfe'rda Ol '^ Wln * m&rrtilKe llcen S« were Issued
•^vr? 1 ** 1^ 1 ?' 4S> 2627 G «enwlch street.
w., ry , Al Volker. 28. 109% Austin avenue.
.A fl * la J- F*l6el. Jl.. 1410 O'Farrell etreet.
and Grace G. Ware. 18, 172S Golden Gate ave.
txmstantlno Fig-onl, 39, 10 San Antonio ave-
""'• an( l Frances M. D. Ag-oatl, 18; 10 San
Antonio arenue. •
»n ohn N - S| nir>«on. 23, Oakland, and Jean B.
JiS r Y c *' J2 « < 40 * Bryant street. ¦
.^"i.-m'J. F - Stewart, 2S, 1271 Union ' street,
»1 llhe lmina M. Reimers, 23, 113H Harriet.
Merle B. Snfden. 21, Nlles, and Maude B:
cteadman, 21. city
_ s . l -fPhen Clean-. 21. 267 Fourth street, and
'-athertne 1 Murphy. Tl. 1651% Mission street.
j JJaj'bourne Prewett, 21. 1131 Taylor street,
and Sadie Delahunty, IS, 1S11H Mission street;
Peter Larson. 34. Spokane. Wash., and Lau-
retta McCarthy. 2L city/
Joseph J. Bacon. 26. 118 Sixth street, and
Mollle G. Hayward. 24. 3S25 Army street.
James W. Gibson. 34, Sixteenth and Folsom
streets, and Elizabeth A. Farrell. 20, 124 Ninth.
Malcolm L. Macdonald. 36, Butte, Mont., and
Eliza Davis. 37, Butte, Mont.
Frederic A.- Wieland. 28. Sacramento, and
Gertrude F. Stadtfeld, 26, city.
Anton • Nelson. 38. 1010 Market street, and
Lena Fischer. :6; 102) Market street. "
Patquale Pensabene. 22. Harbor View, and
Amelia Carbone. 21. Harbor View^ ¦
MABBIAGE I/ICENSES.
BORN.
J!ERG — In this city, January 6, 1901, to the
wife of Charles F. Bern, a son.
L'HtUREUX-In this city, January 23, 1901.
to the wife of Charles O. L'Heureux. a
daughter. '.
STRASSER— In this city. February S. 1901. "to
the wife of Henry Etrasser. a daughter.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
MARRIED.
KEMPIX— BLACK— In this city, February 10,
1901. by the Rev. R. Lagan, William M.
Kemr>ln and Lizzie A. Black, both of San
Francisco.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Pun i'i
Poodle Dog and jl
Marchands Combined \
\ Can not give either the \\
: elegance or the natatory |||
j satisfaction of the \>
j; SANTA FE DINING CARS %
' ! They goto Chicago la V i
: 3 days on tha ;
! '< ', ' '
1 California I
I limited f
'>'/'' • . ;!:
¦•CT«B»JI rAOIVIO CO HP AST.
(r ACirio sxstxm.)
¦AN ritANC'ISCO.
w (JlAln Uno, Foot of Muket Stn«i)
iun — rmou Jaxuajlt 1. 1301. — uam
7tS«A Banlfllm. StiUaa, Els»ir». V»s»t1H«,
Kum»ey»nd 3*er»m«ato. ......... 7i<3r
7iS0a Dtvis, Woodland, Kaigali L»adbj.
i!arT«»llle.Uro»liIo_..-. 7ttSr
T.SOa AtUntio txpre— Ogden udKui 13:13r
SiMa ilwUaa,8*aIUm<iB,Tille]o k ]t»p^
Caliaten M>d Santa Rosa StlSp
•lOBANHes, LlTenuort, Tncj, L»tirop,
Slockloa 7il3r
SiSO a 8awU f tpreif-DMfctWllllMM (tea
BaiUett 8vrlnM). Willows. Bad
Bluff. PortUui. : 7i*3r
• i«o* Bau Joi«, UTwnors. Stoakkm. 0
lone, oaeramento. PUcenilla,
MtrnTllle. Chico, Bed ninff..:... 4ilSr
»iS94 0»kd»!e. Chinese. Souorm. Carter*... 4<ISr
»to«* Hayvarua. NIIm *nd Way gutioa*. 1 1i*3a
•iO«aIm AnteU* Expce— — Martins*.
Tracy. Lathrop. Btockloo. Mexoed
Fremuo »ud Lc» Ajigole* TtlSv
9i80a Vallein. Mutin«s and Waf 8UtIoni Bi43r
l»iO.O*TheOTerUndUmitod-Ogden,D«a«
Tar, Omaha. Chicafa*" •i-f-l?
lliOtta 2IUe«, Btookton. Saoramento, M«a> •¦¦ ,-
dote. Fresno, Uanford. Vbalia*
Portet»lile CilSy
lliOOAllTeTmore, Banj«r. Oosben Jsa» •;••>•
Hon. Bsksnfleld. hot An jsle«
fliOOp Sacramento Utter Steamer* faiOtt* |
StOOr H»jw»ril». NiUi and \V»y Station*. »i»f
l^uur Utitiun. San Bamoti. TaUeJa,
Naoa. C»H«t->l». tiaula Row »i»3*
«i«Or Dtnlda, Wbttoa, 8acr»nueo to,
Wonilltni). KulgbU Uadlnf,
M»rj*»Hl», Orofllls: I": 13*
4i»0r Harvard*. Nile* and Ran Jot* t*< 45a
3>OOp NUoa. liTeocmora. Stooktoa. Lodl-... I«t43«
¦StOOr Sun.et Limited. El Paso, Str*
Orleans and E«*»..... .*.... «lo«l3 A
SiOOrTba Owl Limited— Traer. FiMna.
BAkenfleld. o»ur» (or oauU Bw
bar*. Loa Angela. Itil3*
Oi*tr K»w OtUan* Exprea— Rakannsld.
Santa IUrbara.LoaJknc«Iaa. Dem-
in». El FatO. N«w Ocleana ami
Ka»»; 7i««
0:OOr TlijitAtd\ NIlei*Qdd»a Joi» 7:1»»
fOiOOr VaiUjo Ili-134
UiUUr Oriental Mall— Ogden, Chejsnna.
Omaha. Cbioago 12»13r
«i«M»p Oriental Mail— Ogden. Dontor.
Omaha. Cbloaio. €tl3r
7iO«p Oreioit and California KipreM.Hto.
rmneutu, Marjifllle, ICediHiif,
r.)rU»inl. r»g»t Hound and Kait Stl.1*
••••irBaa Pablo. Port Coata. MarUnes '
a»d«far SUUona 11M.TU
}»lOap Tallfjn ?»4»f
fOAST DITISIOM (Surroir t!«n«e).
(Foot otil^rket Street.)
•i 1 9 A Newark.UenteTiUle.Haj Jom. Pet ton.
Boulder Creek.SauUCriM aad ff«f __
¦Station* •»»•»
tail it Hewark. CenterTllIe, Ban Jom New
Alnnden, Felton, llonlder Creek.
Bauta Citti and l'liocipal Wa»
Statiooa j ?!•!»•%
4il»r Newark. Ban Jom, Loe Oatoa Si»»a
a*iS*r Hunter*' F.ieuralon, San Josa and
WaySUtioTs* ••- t«»»<>r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY..
rrtatlll HUOISOO— »«U «f M»riit SUi.t (S!i> I).—
tT.lS .4:00 tt.-OOa.rn. 1:00 1:00 I:tSj» m.
From Oik'.and— Foot of Broadway.— f« t3 13:fta
10:C0a.m. 11:80 1:00 4:00p.m.
• COAST DIVISION (Protrt flame).
ffhlrj mid Townaewl Stw.)
|Oil«xOooan Vlnir. rimith n«n *¦•----<—" {Miawr
7i«»» Han Jote an.l Way Station. (New
Alinaden Wednendan oulj) li«»»
tiO«a fen J»m. ?:*• I'lnon. Hunt* Crux,
Paoirto tliof*. 1'aao ltoblea. Man
!.»!» Obltpo. Hntf. Lompoo and -.-* ;r*
Prineipai W«» SUtfon. f'*?»
l*>4«* Ban Jnao and War Statlw-.. J 1 ??*
lltS9a H»n Joee ami Way SUUotta »»»•»
Wi**T Baa Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. oanU Clara. Ban .lot*,
Trea Pinoe. Bauta Ciu*. Sallttaa;
Monteiey and Faolfle Gro« .. «>•'»••
f SiSOr flan Joae aud Way Statlone 2 .2*
t4tl»p SanJoaeaud Principal Way SUllona »t«a
t3:00r8an Jokv Loo G«too and Principal
Way SUUona «)««»
SiSOr San Joa» and Principal Way SUtiona •»3 ; *»
8t3OF San Jomeand Way Station*.; "S 1 * 0 *
qlli4»r San Joaeand Way. Station* «i3»r
AforMorninf. r tor Afternoon,
t Sunday *x eepted. X 8mad»» om9.
f Monday*, Wednesday*. Fr! Jar*. . ". -¦:•
* Tnf (dty*. Tbursdiji. Sondara.
a Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTfWESTEBN EY. C4
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
.. RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Market Sfc
Snn FmnctKO to San Rnfnet.
TIBURON FERRT— FdOT OF MARKET «T.
WEEK DAYS-4:». 9:00 11:00 a. m.; 12:33. I:».
1:10, 1:10 p. m. Tbundajo-Extnt trip at U:U
p. m. SJatpxdayi B>ftrm trlj)« at 1:54 aad
li:M p. ni-
BtTNOATS-*:00, t M, U:90 a. m.; 1^0. 1:30. **K
• :2« p. m. . •
6an Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAT&-4:10. f:SO. 9:M. 11:10- a. m.: 13:0.
1:40. 5:10 p. m. aaturdajra— Extra trips at l.ii
and t:U jx nu
6UNDATS-«:l0.' l:«t U:19 a. a.: 1:40, !:«•. (ML
C:2S p. m.
Between Baa Frarscijco ind Schaetiea Park*
iimt achedal* aa aboro.
Lear* ~\ la SSeet I ArrtT«
g»n Franclwo. | Not.T. 1»00. | Saa Francisco.
Week I Sun- I J Sun- I Week
Day*. I days. ( DottoaUoo. I day*. | Paj«- -
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 in !
t:ao pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 1 .05 pm 10:Z3 aox
f :10 pm 5:00 pm Santa. Roaa. 1:35 pm <gpa
Foltoa.
t :J0 ara Windsor. 10-JS ta
Healdaburs,
Lytton,
Oyservills,
t:»0pm »:00«cn Cloverdale. 7:Cpm t:apm
T;M ami I ¦ Hopland I
I 8:0O am| and Ukiab. | 7:» pm| *:t> pta
T:JO am ' U>:& am
1:00 am QaemaTlUo. 7:SS pm
t:»pm I t'B P»
T M am 1:00 am Sonoma I »:15 am 8:40 us
and
1:10 ptn 1:00 pra Glen Ellen. | »:05 pm «:tt prn
T.SO ami »:0O ami . 110:40 am|10:25 an
¦ l:«> pml 6:00 pm| Sebaatopol. I 7:85 pm| «:« pro
Etanres connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
£prlsfs. and White Sulphur Eprlnga: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Ljrtton for Lytton Spring*: %t
Oeysorvllle fcr Skagrs Springs: at Clo«erdal«
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyrllle. Carls*
pad Eprlncs. Soda Bay. Lalceport and Bartlett
eprlnca; at Uklah for Vlcny Springs, Sarits*-*
Springs. Blu* Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
fjprtngs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter ¦ Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. . LJerleys, Backneirs.
eanhedrln Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Uaal.
Wllletta. Layton vlile, Cummmgs. Bell's 8prla«s,
Earrli. Olsens, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re*
I duced rate*. • •¦
i On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
; beyond Ban Rafael 4 at half rates.
'¦' Ticket office. <S0 Market at.. Chronicle bufl4»
lax. - R. X. RTAN.
U. C. WH1T1NO. . Gen. Pass. A ru
{•;•¦•"- • Gen. Manager. -
{ MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via SauuHto Ferry— Foot of Market St.
IV. ••!» rn»M. • »». »•«• rmtH.
f£ A r.Z\ WEE^ DAYS_ f J;S^;S;
4:00 p. H.) StayovernlghtattbeTAVERN- (10:33 a.m.
«W*.».) • | I.-oop.m.
10:00 A. M. f HI' VTt A V4 I 3rfl ° r ' M -
11:30 a. if. \ ; STHTDAYS . — 4^3 F ; w .
1:15 p.u.J . I 5:J5p.m.
Fare. San Frtnciicn to Summit and Retnra. %\.*O.
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St. A Saugalito Fgrry.
y r ""'&k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ifflMC-ia 029 KZAKVT ST. Establishml
ferT^^AIn I" 13 "* 'orthe treatment of Frivatrt
ELIXJHW meases. l^«t Manhood. Debtlltr or
SpUy^mfeV.nvpas'' wenrinsron hotly ami mind anil
¦TSS5p'II«3* !c1:1 Disuses. Tbe Doctor circs when
J^«JCao(her!i fall. Try him. Charges low.
suarnnlrril. Ca!lorwrit*.
J>r. a. r. tilBBOJI, Uaa Francisco. Cabnothing connecting her with the crime -was
found on her person she was dismissed by
Captain Seymour. The woman upon whom
suspicion fell is known to the railroad
detectives, but for the present they are
withholding her name. She was attended
by a man believed to be a Mr. Barrett
of Portland. The negro and the white
lad in custody at Sacramento were found
In hiding aboard the train, but the. negro
The attorneys representing Bacigalupi
feel equally confident that the deed
given their client by the Italian Consul
will hold in law. When informed that
Judge Troutt said that $25,000 had been of
fered for the land, Attorney Lamberson
of Visalia lauphed and replied: "I am not
surprised at that. There are people who
would now offer $100,000 for the property
but that doesn't Injure our titla in any
way. The Italian Consul holds the power
of attorney from the heirs and when he
sold to us that settled the transaction."
"If the appraisers are appointed at that
time." said Ruef, "I will ask that the
Bacigalupl hearing be postponed until
after they report. If the; Baeigalupi pe
tition for final distribution of the estate
to him is heard first, the. heirs will be
shut out from what little chance they
have of securing their rights." . . -
Judge Troutt stated at recess time that
the first intimation he had that the land
was so valuable was when he was asked
on Monday last to set aside the order of
confirmation of sale to Bohls. "I have
since been informed." said he. "that there
are people who are now willing to pay
$25,000 for the property." . * .
"We intend standing on our rights,"
said. Attorney Gunzendorfer, who
represents Bohls. <c We were the highest
bidders and the land was sold to us. We
have turned over the amount of the pur
chase price to Mr. Drinkhouse and we ex
pect the deed. The fact that Judge Troutt
has set aside the order confirming the sale
does not disturb us in the least We
know of no law granting him such power.
If it is necessary we will appeal from that
ruling to the Supreme Court. We feel
entirely safe In our position and It would
not bother us if the land was reappraised
and valued at a million dollars. We
bought it in good faith, have complied
with the law and intend getting posses
sion."
Judpe Troutt declined to. entertain the
motion at that time, but instructed Ruef
to notify all* interested counsel to be in
court at 10 o'clock this morning; when' he
would listen to arguments. . ' r
Attorney Ruef again pleaded for the ap
pointment of the appraisers and said:
"Appoint a set of appraisers who under
stand oil land— take the State Mineralo
gist, for Instance— and they will be able to
make a- report by Tuesday. I .will pay
their expenses."
I do not care to act until the attorneys
of all the interested parties are present,"
replied Judge Troutt. "There is some
thing amiss. I understand that the prop
erty is very valuable."
"Appoint the appraisers to-day," urged
Ruef, "and I will pay their expenses. 1
want to get at the bottom of this matter.
I am anxious to see that the heirs pet
their rights and that the land brings the
highest possible price."
"I am in doubt," replied the Judge, "as
to whether this court has any power to
act In that matter. If the Italian Consul
has, as attorney for the heirs, sold the
property to Bacigalupl, I do not think wo
can go back of the'record unless fraud is
shown or it is proved that the heirs acted
under a misapprehension. If the Consul
or the heirs should come forward and ask
to have the sale set aside matters would
be simplified. It now looks as if the heirs
have virtually thrown themselves out of
court."
"I am anxious to have this matter dis
posed of as speedily as possible," said
Ruef, "and so Is- Mr. Drinkhouse. We
want to protect' the Interests of the heirs.
We are satisfied that if bids are again
invited we will receive a much higher bid
than that .of Bohls, to whom we sold
the land, but who has not yet received a
deed, as your Honor has set aside the
order of confirmation of sale."
Small Hope That They Will Ever Recover
the Amount of Which They Practically
Have Been Cheated.
Ruef afked that the appraisers be at
once- appointed and that his client be au
thorized to expend a reasonable amount
of the funds of the estate in apaln adver
tising the property for sale. He further
affced that bids be received In open court
next Tuesday and arted upon before the
hearing cf the petition of Theodore Baci
pralupt. who claims the property by virtue
of a deed piven him for JW) by the Italian
Consul, who holds the power of attorney
for the heirs living in Italy.
If Mid land ir petroleum-bearing your peti
tioner declares there is reasonable ground for
believing that It may be of much greater
value than the amount of any of the bids
yet presented or FURp^sted.
Your petitioner is not advised that men is
the fact and lias npt received any informa
tion from any of the bidders or persons claim
ing to he Intending bidders that sucii is the
fact, the mof L favorable- fUKSeetion In that
behalf .heretofore made to him being that
there was a possibility that euch might turn
out to be the fact.
Your petitioner Is inclined to belle\-e. al
though ho has. not been able to verify the
t*.n, that petroleum l:as Just been discovered
In paying quantity In the vicinity of Bald lands
«.nd thai there Is great likelihood that said
land Is oll-bearlng land.
From fuclt investigation your petitioner and
his attorney are Inclined to believe that the
s«Jd interest, now evinced, is due to the ln
crean^d likrirhood of said land b*lny oil-bear
ing .territory. Your petitioner In hl« petition
for E*Je of e&ld property filed herein oa No
vember IT, 1900, hazarded the suggestion that
paid land "is chieCy valuable for the possibil
ity that It may contain petroleum," %lthou«h
be had nothing but surmise on which to base
b«.1<J sueseptlon.
Attorney A. Ruef . representing ex-Pub
lic Administrator Drinkhouse, who sold
the valuable oil land of the estate sit
uated In Kern County to Henry Bohls for
52000. appeared before Judge Troutt yes
terday a#d asked that all further proceed
ings be stayed until after three expert ap
praisers, familiar with oil lands, .view
the land and reappraise the property. In
support of the motion he recited the story
of how Drinkheuse came to advertise the
property for sale and then tiled a peti
tion signed by Drinkhouse. setting forth
how his suspicions had been aroused by
the sudden and marked interest taken in
the property after It had been sold by
persons who had not bid for it or com
municated their intention to do so. An
Investigation was made -by Drinkhouse
with the result told in the following con
cluding paragraphs of the petition:
The heirs of Giovanni Cuoco have been
swindled out of several hundred thousand
dollars' worth of property and there Is
but flight chance of them ever secur
ing re-dress. The estate, which is
now estimated to be worth close on to
5Ctw.C>C>0, has been bartered away for a. trifle.
The people who should have guarded the
Interests of the heirs were either hypno
tized or criminally negligent. They did
not make the slightest effort to prevent
the carrying out of the gigantic robbery
until It was too "late to act. It Is true
that the alleged steal was perpetrated un
der the guise of the law. but the fact still
remains that the relatives of Cuoco have
been robbed of their heritage. The opin
ion of attorneys v.ho read the story of the
robbery in The Call yesterday is that the
heirs are shut off from ail possibility of
ever securing what they are lawfully en-*
titled to. Judge Troutt, before whom the
probate proceedings are pending, will
commence an Investigation Into the mat
ter this morning and has cited all of the
interested parties to appear before Ulm.
He is commencing the Investigation with
but email hope of being able to right the
wrong done.
HEIRS OF CUOCO WILL
LOSE A BIG FORTUNE
A new photographic machine takes five
different.views of a person at one sitting.
i Compelled to ¦ move by March 1. " The
entire stock of : the 1 Monarch » Shoe Com
pany, 1384 Slarket street,- will -be. on sale
Saturday, February 16. « Forced , prices. •
Twenty ; Chinamen, who were arrested
by Sergeant : Christerisen and -posse . at 39
Washington alley February. 6 for playing
fantan, had. their cases dismissed- by
Judge Fritz yesterday -for lack of evi
dence.*.-; :¦> : - - -'. : - >". _...-",. ¦*.- : V;-. >..-.¦¦
\ Fantan. Players Acquitted.
."-George W. Johnson;' a' collector for the
Emporium,' was -arrested | yesterday af ter
'noon by; Policeman Love \ and Special Of
ficer Allen on a. charge of felony, emblez
zlement.-.. He'ls accused of embezzling $53
he . ; collected' on January 28- ' It is said
there are other sums not accounted for. a
Accused of • Embezzlement.
From present indications,' there are no
prospects of the Santa Fe or the South
ern Pacific Company investing any money
in the building of fruit, cars, and until
this step is taken the Fruit Growers' Ex
press will be in complete ."control of the
situation and- they will be able to -dic
tate their own terms. As ' an example of
what an enormous business this fruit traf
fic has developed ;.lnto, -'conservative rail
road men claim that this year's shipments
from California will be not less than 25,000
cars.- ' .... ¦¦;-;-¦ . '. : .
Earl's representative, .who is in the city,
stated that the sale had Been made.'and
that in fact it was made some time ago.
He would give no reasori for Earl s re
tirement from business, but the generally
accepted opinion is that Earl wishes to
have no further, business troubles for
some time, owing tb his recent divorce
suit.
The private-car system of hauling fruit
East from the southern portion of this
State has developed. Into a wonderfully
lucrative business. With the retirement
of Earl from' the field, the Armour Com
pany, will have complete control of the
business. ..-¦.¦'
The Armour, Company has 'already 2300
fruit cars In Southern California, and with
the recent- addition- It ¦ has made ! it will
certainly have . a -monopoly on fruit ;haul
lng from this coast to the Eastern mar
kets. . .•'¦.'.., ". '• . " • ¦'- ., .-. r '-.. ¦ < ¦
The rumor that has' been current for
some time, in railroad circles that Edwin
T. Earl of Los Angeles was anxious to sell
all his;fruit cars and that he. was going
to retire' from all mercantile* life has at
last been substantiated. The Armour
Company of Chicago purchased .tHe entire
rolling^ Btock from : Earl some : time ago,
but It was ndt until a \ day or so ago
that the matter became public.
Earl's City Representative
Claims Car Sale Was
Made Weeks Ago.
ARMOUR GAINS
FULL CONTROL
made a succesful dash for liberty.
The robbery/ considering the value of
the stolen property- and the daring and
successful manner in which it was exe
cuted, has caused considerable excitement
in railroad circles. .-Where the suspects
boarded rhe train and how they succeed
ed In gaining entrance into the sleeper is
a mystery. Their knowledge of the apart
ments of the car supports the belief that
the negr,o had been a porter.
F. H- Osgood, his wife, their attorney,
W. A. Peters, . and a party of ' friends
were on their way to. Southern California
on a pleasure trip. They give the fol
lowing account of the robbery and subse
quent search:
Mrs. ORKood was sleeping in a berth direct
ly under her husband's. She woke in the
early morning and immediately "reached for
her Jewels, which ehe always placed for the
night while .traveling In a small has tied about
her neck with a piece of tape. When she
found the Jewels .were not In. the accustomed
place, she searched tho berth, thinking that
they might have become detached during the
night. During- her search she looked out into
the car. and saw two men 'walking down the
aisle. Their presence, even at that early hour,
did not arouse her suspicions.
After having completely searched her berth
without result, Ehe aroused her. husband, who
went for the conductor. A thorough search of
the- car wa"s made. They discovered a white
youth 'hiding In a closet In the men's dressing;
room. Ho was searched, , but nothing that
could connect him in any way with the crime
was found on his person. ". .
Mrs. Osgood had arisen in the meantime and
went to the. ladles', dressing; '.room. In the
dressing apartment she found that a door to
the closet In which a portion of her clothing
was hanging was secured from the inside. Rhe
started to go for a porter, but no sooner had
she turned around than a negro darted from
tho closet and ran out of -the car, making his
escape. Before the conductor and Osgood had
been notified of the presence of the negro, the
train had stopped at a small station. In all
probability the negro took advantage of the
stop to escape. . -
He undoubtedly is the thief. He is de-
"One of the chief duties of Bank Com
missioners is after. a bank closes-its doors
to nnd out how much' money, the deposit
ors can get back and then go after It. .We
never rush these things any more than we
can help, but the sooner tho depositors
get their money, even if it is only 50 cents
on ' the dollar, : the" better ; they ' feel.
"At the next:meetlng we warft to hear
from the directors of the bank, the exact
amount, of the assets, ; accept their state
ment anq pay off the-'depositors as soon
as ; possible." : %
"I > think that the depositors will get
nearly dollar (for dollar," said Mr. Bar
rett. "The bank has some good property,
which is worth a whole lot of money. I
mean, • for instance, the bank building
property. On s the other hand, however,
they have such security as the Howard
claims, .which are not worth the paper
they are written on_ The first thing to be
done, and that ought to be done mighty
quick,. Is -for 'the 'bank' 'to produce its se
curities and for. us to find out how much
the realassets are: '-
At the close of the meeting the Bank
Commissioners firmly instructed the offi
cials of the bank that they must at their
next: meeting produce a detailed account
of "the assets.
In an 'interview last evening Bank Com
missioner , Barrett said much of Interest
to those who had money deposited in the
bank when the i institution closed its
doors.' -.. • „.. .'••; •
The Bank Commissioners . held a long
executive.- session yesterday at their of
fices.' At thla meeting James '.Rea repre
sented the Union Bank directors. and At
torney" Welch of .San Jose was present and
made a strong, plea on behalf of the de
positors for the settlement of the bank's
affairs. -Attorney- Anthony was also pres
ent on behalf of Oakland depositors and
pleaded .for a public meeting in the near
future, in which the directors of the bank
should be compelled to be present and tell
the Ions-suffering depositors what the
actual amount of the. assets was.
There are breakers ahead for the direc
tors of the defunct Union Bank of San
Jose, judging from the forcible way in
which Bank Commissioner A. W. Barrett
expressed himself last evening at the Cal
ifornia Hotel, where he is at present stop
ping as 'a cuest. . *
Commissioner Barrett Says
They Will Receive Every
Dollar.
UNION BANK MUST
PAY DEPOSITORS
The colored man left the train between
Davtsville and Suisun. and has" not yet
been located. The police are inclined to
believe he is the thief, but. nevertheless,
Hill will be- held pending developments.
•SEATTLE, Feb. 14.-F. H. Osgood .Is
president and manager of the Seattle and
Renton Railway Company. It is an elec
tric line fifteen miles long. Mrs. Osgood
Is a Fociety woman of Seattle.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 14.— Lawrence V.
Hill, who was taken into custody on sus
picion of complicity in the theft, told De
tective Ahem of the railroad .company
that he got on the train at Lincoln and
wanted to reach Santa Ana, where he has
an uncle. He said ho had got on the train
by mistake. . .
Soon after she appeared at Capt&In Sey
mour's office the man who had attended the
woman on the ferry and at the 'bus made his
appearance at police headquarters. How he
learned of the woman's detention I don't know,
unless he went Immediately to the Russ House
after he had registered at the Palace and was
Informed of the woman's having been taken
away by. Detective Egnn. . "
I was afterward Informed when Esran told
the woman he wished to speak to her that she
objected on the ground that she wanted to go
to the toilet. Bgan • then became suspicious
and Informed her that she would have to ac
company him to see Captain Seymour. Egan
took her to the captain's office and the cap
tain thought the circumstances warranted him
In ordering the woman to be searched. The
woman again expressed a desire to be allowed
to bo to the toilet. She was turned over to
the matron and searched, whether before oc
after going to the toilet I don't know.- After
the search it was announced that no Jewelry
answering to the description of that missing
had been found on her person. The woman
was dlschareed from custody because there
was no evidence against her.
Ellis and myself went to the Russ Hcfuse
and ascertained that the woman. had not reg
istered, but had been taken away by De
'tecllve Egan. who Jiad- by means of 'a etreet
car arrived there before her.
Ellis and myself went to the Palace Hotel
and eot a' full description of the stolen Jewels
from Mr. Osgood. ¦ The man who had attended
the suspected woman was registered at .the
Palace.
I asked Mr. Ostrood if he suspected any
other person than the negro and the white lad
in the train of having •committed the robbery,
and he cald he suspected a woman who occu
pied the lower berth of section 7 opposite that
of section 6. the lower berth of which was
occupied by Osgrood and his wife. The woman
under suspicion was about 25 * years of age
and was attractively dressed.
On ' leaving the train at the Oakland mole
the suspected woman was joined by a man
from Port . Townsend who had occupied the
u'nper berth of section 7. He left her on the
upper deck of the ferry and went below. On
the San- Francisco side he rejoined the woman
and placed her on the Rubs House 'bus. At
the ferry depot I met Detectives Egan and
Ellis of San Francisco and told them of the
robbery and the woman suspected. Kgan sal>i
he would, follow the woman and find out what
room ehe was assigned to. .
The missing Jewels include: One opal
set in twenty-five or thirty diamonds, sim
ilar in size to a pecan nut; one threer
stone, three-carat diamond ring; a fire
Btone diamond ring and a sapphire "ing
with Cingalese netting.
• P. H. Maloney, detective for the South
ern Pacific on the Oakland side of the
bay, 'made tho following statement:* '
scribed by Mrs. Osgood as being a short,
heavy-set man, wearing dark clothes and
a black hat.
MAKES A PI.TJCXY FIGHT.
James Harold Arrests a Man Who
Tried to Cheat Him. . '- '
' James Harold, a retired policeman. 76
years of age, who is a cripple from rheu
matism, proved yesterday afternoon that
age and .decrepitude had not stilled
the old fire that made him the terror of
garigs of hoodlums when in his prime. On
sunny days he has been In the habit of
walking from his residence at 703 Stock-
Mrs. Laura Badaire. 323 Montgomery,
who so pluckily fought a daylight, burg
lar a few months ago. has reported that
burglars again entered her place on Mon
day morning and carried away, some Jack
ets'and capes valued at $100. Mrs. Bau
daire conducts a dyeing and cleaning es
tablishment.
Charles SchegRio. who conducts a sa
loon at 527 Broadway, Is the loser of 1000
cigars taken by burglars after closing
hours on Monday morning. .
Cashier Wilson of the Emporium Restau
rant at 132 Fourth street is also wanted
by the police for the alleged embezzle
ment" of $100 from his employers. Wil
son disappeared, on Monday and when he
did- not show up for a couple of days a
description qf v him was \ furnished - and
a warrant sworn out. It is said that he
took the money from the cash register.
Detectives are searching for the authors
of a number of burglaries that have oc
curred .within the last few days. The
store of O'Connor & Kelleher, 33 and .35
Fourth street, was entered on Tuesday
morning. About (500 In merchandise and
jewelry is said to have been stolen. En
trance was effected through a rear win
dow.
Wanted- Criminals.
Police Sleuths Trying to Locate Much,
In his statement to the detectives Green
said he had arrived from Los Angeles the
same afternoon, after riding a brake
beam; but Clothier Harris' testimony de
poses of that statement. Among. the ef
fects found on him were an aluminum
comb with • the name "Bozeman"
scratched in, part of an envelope bearing
the name and address, "Mrs. H. Hlnchy,
Clancy, Mont.." and a memorandum.
"Minn. V. T. 11-1-1900." His shirt bears
the laundry mark "H. F. 1110." "James
M. Beasley, Bill Bryan. Fremont, saw
mill in yard; Lewis Mulligan. H. H. Hop
kins, Bill Brydon. Phil J. Mulligan. Fre
mont, Wash,," are a series of disconnect
ed entries In a memorandum book.
All that was secured from the store by
Green's confederate was a box of tele
phone checks. These were -taken as Ver
cevich marched out from behind the bar
at the point of Green-'s pistol. The rattle
of the brass checks makes Vercevich In
cline to the belief that the second robber
thought he had struck the. till.
Young Svenltch, the student, who was
early on the -scene, now says that before
going into, the store he saw one man pass
a number of cartridges to another and
now thinks that the man that -received
them was Green. He paid but little at
tention to the matter at that time and
can give no clear description of the men
that he passed.
Green has been charged by v ercevlch,
In warrants sworn to before Judge Ca
banlss. with robbery and assault to mur
der. It is probable additional complaints
of a similar nature will be sworn out to
day by Harrington and Farrell.
BTJHGI/AE.S ¦ ELUDE DETECTIVES.
tim of a footpad's pistol. \ •
The -Police Department; has come to the
conclusion that Green i» one of the same
gang that last October held up a man in
front of his residence on Turk street, be
tween Franklin and Gough, and then pro
ceeded to the corner of Page and Octavla
streets and badly battered a fruit dealer
on that corner who was returning hom<\
Green, the wounded robber, lies on a.cct
In the Receiving Hospital. He Is con
stantly watched by the police officer*,
and, as a result of his painful wound. Is
surly and morose. Of his antecedents he
will not speak. He has all the manners
of a hardened criminal, though apparent
ly young in years. r; " M
It has been ascertained that before com
mitting the deed Green purchased a new
outfit of clothing from Edward Harris, 628
Kearny street. Harris, and one. of Ws
salesmen Identified the property at the
office of the Chief of Police.
Detectives Reynolds, Thomas, Gibson
and Bally, who have been working, on the
case In an endeavor to ascertain the
man's identity,, are awaiting information
from the military authorities. Several of
ficers charged specially with the duty of
looking for deserters and escaped prison
ers have -seen the man and will endeavor
to ascertain for the benefit of the police
whether or not he was a member of the
army. The only connection so far estab
lished is that he wore a. blue shirt similar
to those worn by soldiers. ¦
Harry Harrington, who, was driving the
mail wagon that wag held up at the cor
ner of "Washington and Front streets ear
lier in the evening, was- taken to see Green
at the Receiving Hospital. He • thought
he resembled the man who held him up,
but would not positively identify him.
George C. Farrell, a grocer, who was
also held up by three men.-is positive that
the prisoner Green is one of the same
gang. His description furnished the po
lfce before seeing the man Is similar to
that of the man In custody.
All around the immediate vicinity- of
the place where Vercevich so gallantly
fought for his life, are the marks of the
desperate struggle. The left hand of the
brave saloon-keeper Is swathed in band
ages. There Is a broken three-gallon
demijohn, with a bullet hole through it.
kept as a memento 'of the fight. A bul
let mark in the oaken keg near the place
where the demijohn stood also shows
that there was • a battle. Across the
street diagonally the windows and the
glassware in the grocery store and the
lamppost show where some of the bul
lets landed.
After describing in detail his struggle
with his assailant, Vercevich said:
"First It was one of us up and then
the other. We rolled around, fighting for
possession of the pistol. When I got
ft away the fellow started to- run, I
fired the four shot left In the pistol at
him. He ran. diagonally across the street.
One ball ¦ struck the lamppost and two
others went through the windows of the
grocery store in the same corner. It was
the last shot that caugrht the fellow. I
think. I do not know whether he yelled
or not When he was struck. I kept my
eye upon him until he ran up the alley
and hid. Then Officer Sawyer came along
and found him." • ' ¦ ¦
• Adam U.- Vercevich, who made a plucky
fight on "Wednesday night for his life In
the liquor store at Grove and Laguna
streets, Is the hero' of Hayes Valley, and
the Police Department feels more than
grateful to him for leading up to a solu
tion of the mysterious holdups of the last
three months. . . ' • ¦
Vercevich has three times been the vic-
ton street 'to Portsmouth Square, oppo
site the Hall of Justice, and resting on one
of the benches.
Yesterday afternoon he was seated as
usual on the bench, w"hen" Matthew Dal
ton, a husky young fellow, took a ieat
beside him. Dalton entered Into conver
sation with the old man and bewailed the
fact that. -although young and strong, he
could not find work.
"That's all nonsense," said Harold.
"When I was about your age I left Ire
land for this counjry and when I arrived
I had only sixpence in my pocket. I look
ed, for work and got It, and if you were
anxious to work you could do the same
thing and save money, aa-I have done."
Dalton sneered at the ola man, and said
he .did not believe he had saved any
money. "I'll bet you four bits," he said
"that you can't show a $20 gold .piece >:
This angered Harold and he said he would
accept the bet. A man who was passing
was called and the two 50-cent pieces wera
placed in his hand. Dalton at once grab
bed the money and started to run, but
p1ed°wlth a hlm?° qUlCk f ° r Wm "*¦«»»¦
Before Dalton could use his flsta Harold
pulled his revolver out of his pocket and
brought the butt end down with stun
ning force upon I>alton'8 head. Another
blow made Dalton quit, and with the as
sistance of the stakeholder Harold too'c
Dalton to the City Prison and booked hhn
on a charge of petty larceny.
Harold was retired from the force oa a
pension on July 31. 1S95. He had an ex
cellent record and was noted for break
Ing up a gang .of hoodlums that terrorizTrf
Dupont street. : «**urtsea
MBS. MOORE'S BIGHT TO
BROOKS STREET DISPUTED
Jeanne Xydle Sawyer Piles Action,
Asking" for Removal of Ob
structing Peace.
The rlsht of Florence Blythe-Hlnckley,
Moore to maintain a fence across Brook*
street and her title to the land" within "1
lines will bo determined by the ludgmev.'
In an action filed yesterday by Jear-vi
Lydie -Sawyer. Joined with Mrs. lioo : a
as defendants are her husband A. V*
Moore Jr.: the United State3 Mortga-4
and Trust Company antl the Mutual Sav
ings Bank. The suit rjso threatens the
title to a small gore lot oa the west eida
of Brooks street.
The plaintiff alleges that" on May 13
1G5, Thomas Blythe sold to WilUara
Spence a small lot of land on the wes:
side of Brooks street. Through a Ion*
line of conveyances and devises the pla'ni
tiff now claims right to free and uara
etralned entry to the property la ouej
tion. She says the existence of the fence
threatens her rights and 'she asks that It
bo adjudged a nuisance and ordered re
moved. A perpetual injunction is also
asked, restraining the erection of & fenca
at any future time.
Plucky Fight of Adam L. Vercevich for His
Life May Clear Up Mystery of Similar
Assaults on Pedestrians.
ROBBER'S IDENTITY YET
UNKNOWN TO THE POLICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1901.
MRS. F. . H. OSGOOD, wife of
• Presldeht and Manager Osgood
of the Seattle and Renton Rail
. way Company, Seattle, Wash..
was robbed early yesterday
mornlng of jewels said to be valued at
55000. The. robbery was committed on the
Oregon express,, north of Sacramento,
while Mrs. Osgood was asleep In a crowd
ed Pullman coach. The stolen jewels wero
inclosed in a small bag. which Mrs. Os
good wore about her neck. ' ¦
A negro, who made his escape, Is be
lieved to be gruilty of the robbery, though
a white lad who gave the name of Law
rence V. Hill Is in custody at Sacramento,
cn suspicion of complicity In the theft.
A third party, a woman who occupied a
bei«th on the train, also underwent exam
ination on her arrival; in this city, but as
Mrs. F. H. Osgood, Wife of Seattle Railroad Manager,
: Loses Jewels Worth Thousands.
STARTLING DIAMOND ROBBERY
ON SOUTHERN PACIFIC TRAIN
MRS. F. H. OSGOOD, WHO .WAS
ROBBED OP VALUABLE JEW
ELS. AND HER HUSBAND.
12
jp s " r "*\ Lamps
f Special | ft „
i sale JUil Heaters
H Agateware
JardiBiers
gBottom\ China
Crockery
Glassware
Dinner Sets
I J {f I Toilet Sets
Vjffgjf Artwarc
Great American Ifflportiiii Tea &.
CITY STORES. ,;
' it 1O Grant Ave., b= t. Post and 6utt»i
801 Market 6t., opp. Powell. . ,f;
140 Sixth 6r. 1419 Polk St.
112 Third St. ISlODevIsadopoSt,
14ft Mnth St. 2003 FiHmoro St.
BOOB Sixteenth St. 631 Montgomery A"%
2510 Mission St. 3283 Mission St.
70S Lurkfn St. 2732 24th 8t.
SSSHayesfet. 473 Halfcht St.
62 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES. '
1053 Washington St 1237 Broadway.
11S3 23rd Ave. 616 E. I2th 6t.
1310 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-IS&5 Park St.
6AN R AFAEL-B St.. near Fourth.
76 Other Branch Stores.
The Money-Saving
Furniture anil Carpet
HOUSE.
SPECIAL DISCOUNT SALE
For Only 9 Days More.
"We will ' continue to *iv© 20 per
cent discount for cash on Bedroom
Suits and Chiffoniers, and in addi-
tion to these will srive. the saxaa
discount on 20 varieties of Folding
Beds and Ladles' Writing Desks,
Willow Rockers and Chairs.
• Our" prices have always been
lower than other stores, yet If you
buy for cash you can make 20 per
cent on these goods for the next
nine days.
. Ten per cent discount oa every-
thing else anyway. .
SOME GOOD THINGS TO BUY:
3-pIece Quartered Oak Bedroom
Salt, re&ular price 642.00,0 00. GO
now....'. WUU
Elegant Chiffoniers, highly poU
tshed, regular jxr I c e> CO |:3O
$26.50, now. W* 1 .
Ladles' Desk, re ftnlar t IO* 80
price $16.00, now *" -
' CASH OR CREDIT.
KRAGEN FURfTlTURE CO.,
1015-1017 Market St.,
Opposite Taylor. San Francisco.
Telephone South 371.
DR.MOTJLTY.
TsisvnsLL-K^owjr and rkliablb old
Specialist cure* Blood Poison, Gonorrhcea.Gleet,
Stricture. sVmlnal Weakness. Impotence and tbelr
silled Dlwrdors. Book on Di»ea»M ol Men, (rt«.
Or*r-y>yrnr*'*xp*T*enc<>.T*TTa* reasonable. Honr*.
9to3dally;»:a0to3.30eT t B<i..Snnd»ys.l0t«>l2.Cr>n3Ul-
tatlou free and sacredly confldenUal. Can or address
P. ROSCOE HcXUIiTY. M.D.
23 JJ Kearny St^ San Francisco. CaJ-
/"^^^^^^ Thrill yoio with their . .
/; l^^^&fe^o^^ 55 * soul- stirring inarches.
0^^^ OIIP I FADFP^
\p^^^^^^^k\^^^^a^ For Friday and Saturday will thrill
X^^^Mf^^B^Bi 1J0U w^ 1 lc^ r soul-stirring prices.
1W.« T i^-«5^38HHBHl^B 1 eader«s nf Fa«;hinn c«!l
h h^ #$? if Roval Blue * iU • \j$
>vH5j viiiwmfi]! t very vine ¦ •
* a f j Just 200 Pairs of *
$S«OO Fill's A LCSOCr. Knee Trousers, ,
Our windows . color'.ttgs, all sizes, but
A II— \Aff\**o4-s±A show al1 ' the ' r &) M. broTcsnlines—xvorbhfil. Special
r\li- VV UioLCCi new and bright 5fal W' ' ft fk^
.; colorings in *"C/W»
T^t'Atf OCkf ~* /^^ suits 1 or spring -^^ ''¦/S?§ lg»
I lUUotlo C^l in aU the ncw J --ML W3&B *Tf\r% C *\e*4-c?
j$Jj) w eaves— high- sMfc s|O|f I OD V^OdLS*
fi* m ' /)\ \n A Great Leader for
$2,75 Q^'\ji| Over= jJ|i|P Friday and Saturday.
(imliWsJ ~~r*4-- vftk ml We picture op-
The greatest fiW COStS • posite the hand- ' T^
of values the WUff - . •* * sorrvest new JhtfL^-
handsomest of f////H// I* Venetians and Oxfords and ,„„•„,* T OTi Coat /fTfJ">\
_ 7 • . /-\ It 'ill kit I .1 iii • fprinp J- op LfOu/0 I l\
colorings Our I 1 ' urn' If many other smart shades. . . / ir^lX
leader. H I Ml Every Suit and Overcoat a Uh tan ' couerts - /, | \
j 'II vM leader at the price, with or without fc i >sC2
;-./ " . / • % "•. " ' \ Specia^leader; : 'W^U ;_
b^l / \ m L 7*NcottpogAn=D fl Dl TlAIL il 1 O ¦ m ¦
H-O
retains
strength /^w"7*/f f
Hornby's Steam Cooked Oatmeal
ADVERTISEMENTS.