OMAKA MILLIONAIRES SON. FOR WHOSE RANSOM THE SUM OF $25.
000 WAS PAID. AND THE CHEERLESS STRUCTURE IN WHICH HE
WAS DETAINED EY HIS ABDUCTORS.
.' PORT HURON. Mich.. Feb. 19.— With a
hammer instead ; of the usual hatchet
Mrs. Charles Rhodes this afternoon en
tered James Wilson's saloon, and after
giving the , bartender a lecture, J broke all
the glass show' cases. and about ten bot
tles of ; whisky. The bartender Ihen ; put
her out. : Mrs. Rhodes stated that she had
served notice on: the saloon keeper not'tr.
sell liquor to her son. ,
Uses Hammer in. a Saloon. S
The Speaker rejoined that h» would re
quire a. new rule to permit speeches la
Irish and after further argument O'Don
nell'bowed to the Speaker's order, but re
fused to address the House In English be*
cause he had been prevented from fiolns
so In Irish.
House of Commons tn Irish. He only ut
tered a few words when the Speaker
called him to order, whereupon John Red
mond claimed the right for any member
to. speak In. the tongue -with which him
self and his constituents were most fa
miliar.
One of the Members of the' British
Commons Creates a Sensation.
LONDON.' Feb. 13.— An Irish member.
Th6mas O'Donnell, created an Interesting
scene to-day by attempting to address th*
TALKED TO COMMONS
Hi ntlSH I»A2irGTJAGE
German Government would ask Voa
Waldersee for further Information.
The present view taken by the German
Government Is that Von Waldersee In
tends openly to exert a moral pressure on
China, owing to fresh difficulties In regard
to the punishment of the guilty official,
and that he wishes to show tha Chines*
that the military "entente" between, tit*
powers still prevails. ... ;*
Count von Waldersee Is the supreme au
thority In the province of Pechlll. H*
voluntarily restricted th© radius of occu
pation to a portion of the province, but
he has the right, when he thinks fit. to oc
cupy the* rest of it- On the other hand.
any expedition beyond the borders of Pe
chili is not to be undertaken until after a
consultation of the powers. It Is scarcely
probable, however, that such an, expedi
tion Is Intended.
¦BERLIN. Feb.'-».— A high official of the
Foreign Office, regarding- Count " von
"Waldersee's. proposed expedition, declares
that no ' representations • have thus far
been made against It "by the "United
States.- Should such a step be taken tha
. ¦ ¦ ' '¦ ' - ""."" * " ¦'" "¦ ~*""*^*i;
ed to : Pechili Province.
Von Waldersee's Operations Restrict-
SHANGHAI. Feb. 19.-A special dis
patch from Peking says Field Marshal
Count von Walderses's expedition to Slan
fu 1 will comprise 15,000 British, Germans.
French and Italians. It Is understood
that if:the expedition starts it will act as
a- guard of honor to the Emperor on' hi*
way back to Peking. It Is rumored that
the allies will simultaneously operate In
the Tangtseklang Valley.
' BERLIN, Feb. 13.— Trie* National Zel
tiing and other inspired papers assert that
Field Marshal yon Waldersee has no In
tention of embarking on a' large expedition
Into the interior of China, but they say
that the -Chinese will, find strong 'forces
ready to act. if they continue to procras
tinate. " Von "VValdersee's sphere of action,
it is pointed out, is limited to the province
of Chili. ' v
GERMAN ¦ PULNS OTTTLINXD.
on His: Way Back to Pelting.
Troops to Act as a Guard to Emperor
- General Chaffee signalized the Chinese
New.- Tear by -, calling .upon • Li ..Hung
Chans, "who'ieemed.to .be in much' better
health. „ It Is now" asserted that the.Ger
mans will turn the railroad, over to 'the
English at the end of the month.
VON WALDEBSEE'S EXPEDITION
court to yield.. pointing out. otherwise. tho
dismemberment* of the empire waa prob
able. - - ¦ ¦ ¦ \ .^ ¦ •
MEETING OF INTERNATIONAL' COMMISSION 'AT WHICH FATE OF CHI
* NESE NOTABLES WAS DECIDED. CHINA'S EMPEROR AND OFFI
CIALS WHO ANNOUNCE ACCEPTANCE OP DEMANDS.
"The citizens and taxpayers of the citv
of Wichita herrby call a mass meeting
at S o'clock. February 22. to take such
et«p» as will prevent any lawlessness or
rscb violence In our city. Every business
men who is Interested in the welfare of
"Wichita, is earnestly requested to be prea
eax.~
¦WICHITA. Kans., Feb. 19.— A ma<ss
meeting of business men has been calle.l
tor next Friday. The call says:
Wichita Citizens to Act.
It If said in the Internal Revenue Bu
reau that the business of selling domestic
goods of these kinds under foreign labels
has crown to large proportions.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 13.— The manajrers
cf hotels and restaurants can no longer
sell their patrons cheap American wines
In bottles bearing labels of high-priced
foreign vintages. \ »
Commissioner of Internal Revenue
T>rkes made a ruling to-<Sav In which he
hold that the eale of domestic liquors,
wines and beers under foreign labels is
Illegal and may be punished by a fine of
J500 and confiscation of the merchandise.
Punished by Law.
2>calers Who Sell the Spurious Arti-
DAJTGEB OF FBATJD
IN WINES LESSENED
cle Will Hereafter Be Severely
Mr. Lockle :s a -well-known labor stu
dent. It Is understood the Conservative
leaders are taking serious Interest
In the »chexne In the hope that It may
Jorxn the means of solving a. problem
•which they consider, sooner or later. Is
bound to embarrass the Government.
LONDON. Feb. 1?.-The agitation on the
subject of the American inroads on Brit
ish trade feem? likely to result In an in
teresting economic and labor experiment,
under the leadership of John Lockle. late
Conservative Parliamentary candidate for
Devon Park. There is now In process of
formation the Natior.al Federation of
Masters' Association and Trades Union,
the object being to "educate the minds of
employers and employes concerning the
grave responsibilities which rest with
them In respect to the expansion of the
British trade, to devise means to meet
foreign competition, to tend Joint deputa
tions of capital and labor abroad to ln
<ruire Into the conditions of other coun
tries and to provide a federation where
employers and employes may meet on the
eanse plane.**
Devise Means of Coping "With
Rival Nations.
National Federation to Be Formed to
TRADE COMPETITION
IS WOBBYING BBJTATN'
There Is said to be a great deal of feel-
Ing between the two interests, and a clash
between them would not surprise railroad
men. It Is said that the Harriman syndi-"
cate does not- own one-fifth of the capital
stock of the Southern Pacific. Mr. Harri
man is said to have been equally unfortu
nate In his attempt:' to _ control the Bur
lington. Vr :
NEW YORK, Feb. 19.— It is now believed
In conservative circles in Wall street that
the Harriman syndicate has not succeed
ed in getting complete control of the
Southern Pacific Railroad, despite the
purchase of the H. E. Huntington and
Speyer Interests. It is said, as a matter
of fact, that after having sold out the
Speyers have acquired a large holding
and will be able to muster even greater
strength at the next annual meeting.
riman Syndicate Has Not Yet
Gained Complete Control.
Reports Are Circulated That the Har-
SPEYEBS MAY STILL
RULE THE RAILROAD
ILLNESS OF POPE
LEO IS CAUSING
MUCH UNEASINESS
Medical Men at the Vat
ican Are in Constant
Attendance Upon the
Aged Roman Pontiff
• . -.
ROME, Feb. 19.— The
Pope is ill and has not re
ceived visitors for four
days. Much alarm is felt
owing to the great age of
the Pontiff. The Vatican
doctors are in constant at
tendance.
PEKING, Feb. 19.-Prlnce Chlng and Li
Hung Chang have received a telegram
which ) .virtually - means that tb-et^Chinese
will .comply -with' all 'the demands -of tha
powers, although- they. still desire Infor
mation, on a few." minor details. The.for
eign 'envoys ¦-, look "ahead . confidently to
absolute compliance by Thursday ¦; at the
latest , Prlnee Chlnar and Li Hung Chang
have*. be«n^arreatly "worried by., the prep- :
arations for the expedition • Into the '. In
terior, and* they have strongly urged the
the Powers'
Envoy* Induce the Court to Yield to
The authorities have no definite Infor
mation'as to the attitude of other Gov
ernments except Russia, j which Is known
to be with the United States in opposing
the proposed expedition. Some think that
as a result of the .remonstrance- of th«s
and I perhaps •; other Governments > • Ger
many will be Induced to withdraw Cour.t
von Waldersee's proposal.
CHINA READY TO COMPLY.
General ChalTee has been Informed of
the character of the instructions sent to
Minister Conger and directed not to par
ticipate In Von Waldersee's expedition un
der any consideration.' There Is no doubt
that there was a strong sentiment' before
the Cabinet meeting in favor* of making
direct remonstrance to' Germany, but rs
flection showed the Inadvisablllty of this
course or of seeking: to form a combina
tion with the powers against Germany.
Either course would only-have caused a
feeling of bitterness , in -Berlin. It was
thought best to. have Conger explain; the
attitude of the United States to his'col
leagues and they wlir communicate this
"statement to their. Governments.
"The United States has no troops in
China except those which comprise the
legation guard. The United States is not
at war with China. Having rescued the
American citizens besieged In Peking and
taken possession of the* city until J dus
reparation is made, there appears to, thla
Government • no * reason | whatever for- ag
gressive action. A general protocol setting
forth the demands, of foreign .Govern
ments was agreed upon In December, and
China has been carrying out the terms as
energetically as she can. It' does not ap
pear, therefore, that there is ground for
any further military action at this time."
It was -finally decided : to have Acting
Secretary "Hill Instruct Conger in this
sense:
Two hours and a half were spent by the
Cabinet in considering Count von Walder
see's proposed movement, as reported yes
terday by General Chaff ee, and to-day
by Minister Conger, who stated that he
had protested : to the Ministers against
the proposed expedition, but without ef
fect '
yf 0e^ ALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET.
(T N. W., ¦WASHINGTON. Feb.. 19.—
\y jl President McKinley ; has taken a
— ' determined stand against further
aggressive action by the power*
In China. As a result of the\CabInet
meeting to-day Acting Secretary of State
H1U sent a dispatch to Minister Conger
denning the attitude of the United States.
This message shows that the United -
States will not only refuse to participate
in the expedition contemplated, but looks
upon It with much disfavor. The noto
communicated to Concer is of the naturo
of a vigorous remonstrance. The admin
istration hopes that Mmllar statements
will be made by other powers as to 'their
attitude on the German proposition.
rrueberry and Dwyer, both of whom are
ccQuaiatar.ccs of the prisoner. They knew
that he w^s a dose friend of Patrick
Crowe, for whom a large reward had been
ordered as the leader In the kidnaping.
Their suspicions some time ago were
aroused by remarks dropped by Callahan.
In connection with the discussions of the
Cudahy affair. These suspicions were
communicated to the Chief of Police who
made a quiet but thorough investigation
which led to Callf.hnn'g arrest.
Young Cudahy's identification of the
man seems to be complete. Together with
his father, h^called Sunday at the offlce
cf the Chief cf Police and confronted the
prisoner. The men had a conversation
lasting hz.lt an hour, and after Callahan
had beer. tal;<?n away young Cudahy said:
"I would r.ever forget that voice, and I
dso remember very distinctly his peculiar
manner o* pronouncing certain words."
OMAHA. Feb. 1?.-James Callahan. I
charged with complicity in the
abduction of Edward Cudahy Jr..
Is ur.de r arrest here. Callahan
was arrested la*t Saturday, but
the pclice have kept the fact a secret un
til to-day, in the hepe cf securing other
arrests. Young Cudahy has positively
Identified h'.ni as the man who accosted
him near the Cudahy residence and forced
him Into a buggy, and also as the man
who kept g"-axd over h!m at the Melross
K1U house fiurir.g thirty hours he was
kept a prisoner pending the negotiations
icr the ransom of $25,000.
Darie! H. Eurris. who sold a horse and
t-j^gy to two men previous to the kid
naping; also identified Callahan as cr.e of
the aea with whom he made the deal.
Mane Larsen. a servant in the employ
cf J. N. H. Patrick, identified Callahan
a* the man who rented a cottage In Hap
py Hollow, which the bandits abandoned
two weeks before the abduction, from her
employer.
*^a.llsi^La was >rreet«d fey Patrolmen
Later In the day an attache of the Brit
ish legation visited LI Hung Chang and
Prince Ching and told them that the Eng
lish were tired of waiting to hear from
the Chinese Government. Their troops
were anxious and enthusiastic to Join an
expedition and would start next Saturday
with the Germans. They would never rest
until they got the entire court In their
hands, and once they had succeeded In
doing this there waa no iC:Jif»5 ' what
wouM happen.
The Chinese Commissioners immediately
dispatched an alarming message to the
Empress Dowager. In which they in
formed her that she must hurry and agree
to the terms or the Germans would surely
start for Singanfu.
The Chinese Commissioners asked "the
Minister how many men would compose
the expedition. Dr. von Schwartzenstein
refused to tell, but said there would be
sufficient to gst through to the Chinese
capital.
NEW YORK, Feb. 19.-A special to the
Sun from Peking says: Li Hung Chang
and Prince Chlng. the Chinese Peace Com
missioners, had an unpleasant time on Sat
urday. Dr. Mumm von Schwartzenstein.
the German Minister, visited the Chinese
envoys on that day and Informed them
that Count von Waldersee would be ready
to start a great expedition for Slnganfu
on February 23 If the Chinese Government
did not comply with the demands of the
Ministers before that date.
CHENXSE ENVOY BLTJFFETX
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 19. — Mrs. Lovell
White, president of the California Club of
San Francisco, and Mrs. A. D. Sharon, who
are In Washington in the interest of the
Calaveras big tree bill, will have an in
terview with Speaker Henderson to-mor
row and urge upon him the advisability of
action on that measure by the House at
this session. They have received assur
ances that the recommendations of "Gov
ernor Gage to the California Legislature
regarding the maintenance and care of
the Big Tree Park by the State of Cali
fornia, in case of favorable legislation by
Congress in the matter, will be adopted,
and they have strong hopes that, in view
of this probable action of the Legislature.
Congress will authorize the purchase of
the property, as proposed in the bill.
Urg« Immediate legislation by
the Present Congress.
Representatives of the California Club
APPEAL TO LAXTMAKEBS
TO SAVE THE FORESTS
"The statements of those who have pre
tended to identify me with the case go for
nothing. I know none of them, have never
seen them nor had any dealings with
them."
"I know nothing, absolutely nothing,
about the kidnaping of Edward Cudahy
Jr. If I .did I would b« the last man in the
world to tell It, because if I did and Pat
Crowe proved to be connected with the
crime he would run me to the end of the
earth and run a knife through me. There
is no danger of my turning State's evi
dence, even if I had knowledge of the
deed, which would assist the State in a
conviction. Rather would I serve a term
In the penitentiary than take chances of
acknowledging that I had Information in
criminating myself or anybody else, be
cause I know the people of this city would
not rest until they had hanged me to the
nearest telegraph pole. I have seven peo
ple who will swear to my whereabouts on
the night of the abduction and the two,
nights following.
Callahan Is 3S years of age and has lived
in Omaha for several years. He has been
employed in the packing house of the
Cudahy Packing Company here up to
three months ago.
Callahan to-night made a statement as
follows:
The coachman's name is John Murta.
Kls son is the man really wanted and the
elder Murta is expected to tell of his son's
actions at the time of the stealing of the
bor.
To-night the police secured information
which they expect to lead to the arrest
of another man connected with the crime.
He Is a coachrr.an employed by a neighbor
of the Cudahys. The Chief of Police ex
pects th!s 'mia to throw additional light
on the matter.
CaJlahan denies absolutely that he had
anything to do with the kidnaping, but
admits that he was a close friend of
Crowe.
Alleged Report to Convention That
America Have Neither Troops
Nor Naval Station,
PARIS, Feb. 19. — The Herald's European
edition publishes the following editorial
squib:
"Havana telegrams report that the Cu
ban convention, after a heated debate,
agreed as follows: "The commission is un
animous in reporting to the convention
that no United States troops should be al
low to occupy any part of the Island, ami
that no naval station should t>e accorded
to. the United States."
"If this Is true. President McKlnley and
Congress in session will ~ know what to
do."
CUBA WOULD SHUT
OUT UNITED STATES
Improved Aerial Machines I»ikely to
Be of Immense Value in Con
ducting War.
PARIS. Feb. 19.— M. de Santos Dumont,
the plucky young aeronaut, said to-day:
"I quite agree with Comte de Dion that
never before in the history of ballooning
has so much been done or so well. No
one realizes better than he the great field
opened before us and he has spent many
hours, days and weeks of anxious thought
and study in- endeavoring to perfect his
ideas and so put them Into shape that
they may be combined In an aerial ma
chine which can be successfully navi
gated."
I asked M. de Santos Dumont what were
the possiblltles of a cteerable /balloon in
the near future.
"For the present," he replied, "and for a
few years to come, I think It will be only
used for sport and for pastime. In case of
war It could be used with advantage in
bombarding the chief towns, In carrying
dispatches and principally to follow the
movements of the enemy.
"For commercial means and for transpor
tation I do not believe they will bo used In
our time, though I am as confident as you
are that the time will come when navi
gating with flying machines will be uni
versal"
"Do you think they can be so construct
ed that in case of any accident to the
balloon the safety of human life can be
assured?" waa asked. He replied:
"To avoid danger we can divide the bal
loon Into different cells or compartments
and so If one bursts we have a reserve In
another to keep the machine in the air.
As for landing In a storm or a strong
wind, they will be easy to control, being
pointed at both ends so as to give less
resistance to the wind."
STEEBABLE BALLOONS
WILL SOON BE USED
THE business community of this,
city was agitated yesterday by an
incident which has had few par
allels in commercial and legal
circles In San Francisco. A
clever scheme, deliberately planned and
It was supposed executed In the utmost
secrecy, was made to Interfere with the
processes of the Superior Court and rob
it of evidence which. In a bitterly con
tested case now in progress, would have
been of the most sensational nature.
Agents of prominent business men, who
have been made defendants In an action
In which they are accused of organizing
a corporation that the laws of the United
States have made illegal, took the first
steps yesterday to destroy the documen
tary evidence which would have been
harmful to them.
The facts of this deliberate plot to in
terfere with the authority of the Superior
Court became public property yesterday
afternoon and wer^ the theme of general
discussion in the downtown districts. The
suit out of which this sensational develop
ment has been evolved has been instituted
by R. P. f Merilllon against Thomas E.
Ryan, J. W. Bartholomew and Henry
Euler, who constitute the majority of the
board of directors of the American Box
Factory- Merilllon Is a stockholder and
director of this corporation and In his
suit he accuses the defendants of having
entered Into an unlawful combination to
destroy commercial competition and main
tain exorbitant prices in one of the most
important avenues of trade on the Pacific
Coast.
Plot of a Mammoth Trust.
This is not the first time that MerilHon
has accused his associates of wrongdoing,
but his latest charges are far more se
rious than any others preferred by him.
His suit Is now In progress before Su
perior Judge Murasky. About two years
ago there was organized in this city a
corporation known as the Spruce Pack
age Company. This combination, which
was designed ambitiously to control the
entire box trade of the Pacific Coast, was
made by the American Box Factor}', the
Grays Harbor Commercial Company, the
Clatsop Mill Company and Hobbs, "Wall &
Co.
The purpose of this commercial combi
nation was' to control the trade In boxes
and to shut out of the' market all firms
which were not In the pool. In order to
do'this It became necessary to secure ab
solute" direction of the Oregon output of
spruce shooks, the trade designation for
the lumber out of which boxes are made.
Until the organization of the Spruce Pack
age Company the local. State and coast
competition in boxes had become very
keen and It was determined to make the
pool uncompromising in its treatment of
its competitors.
Several of the representatives of the
combine went therefore to Portland and
negotiated with mills for their exclusive
production In the California trade. In
making this demand the members of the
local trust calculated that they would
shut out all coast competitors in the box
manufacturing industry by keeping from
The proof of this accusation Is claimed
to be In .the. contracts which the Spruce
Package Company- mad*»wlth-tn«- Port
land mills. "When Merlllion made his
threat the responsible representatives of
the firms associated in the Spruce Pack
age Company became so agitated that
they could not keep their own counsel and
the business community was enjoying
their distress as a matter of sensational
gossip. Telegrams were sent post haste,
conferences .were held and orders were
Issued that the contracts with the Port
land mills be got out of the way In the
shortest possible time. Demands were
made that not only the originals, but
every copy be secured and now the gos
sips In the commercial district who have
been told the secret are wondering what
will happen when Merilllon demands the
documentary evidence which his opponents
have been/In such eager haste to destroy.
When this had been done Merilllon insti
tuted his suit to 'prevent the American
Box Factory from continuing as a mem
ber of the Spruce Package Company. He
alleged that the latter corporation is an
unlawful combination and has violated
the statutes of the nation. These accu
sations created considerable excitement In
the business community of this city and
when the trial began on Monday marked
Interest in the matter was displayed, par
ticularly when the attorney for Merlllion
offered to prove his allegations that under
the laws of the United States the Spruce
Package Company Is an unlawful com
bination.
Orders Issued to Destroy, the Proofs.
After the local trust had been organized
and the contracts with the Portland mills
had been made, .Merilllon quarreled with
his fellow directors' in the American Box
Factory and determined that he would
force that corporation out of the Spruce
Package Company. He accused his asso
ciates In the directory of having defraud
ed the United States Government by mak
ing grossly excessive charge for boxes.
A sensational investigation followed and
the money which had been paid by the
Government in . overcharge was returned.
¦The , representatives who were sent by
the pool to negotiate with the Portland
lumbermen performed their duty well.
They signed contracts with the three
prominent and only important mills of
Portland to purchase a certain amount of
lumber from them during the years 1899
and 1500 on condition that these northern
mills would not sell to any other Califor
nia firm or combination during that time
any box lumber. The corporations with
whom this compact was pade were the
Standard Box Company of- Portland, the
Multnomah Box and- Truck Company, and
the Multnomah Box Company.
Making of the Telltale Contracts.
them all of the box lumber on the coast.
This scheme camo perilously near being
a direct and most serious violation of the
Interstate commerce law, and yesterday
the entire commercial community was dis
cussing the desperate means which have
been taken to destroy the documentary
evidence of the fact.
They Issue Orders to Get Rid of
Documents Which Bear on Case
Pending Before Judge Murasky
MERCHANTS RESORT
TO A DESPERATE PLAN
TO DESTROY EVIDENCE
ONE OF CUDAHY
KIDNAPERS IS CAUGHT
AND IDENTIFIED
James Callahan, an Associate of
Pat Crowe, a /Participant in the
Most Daring/ Crime at Omaha
AMERICA HAS NO REASON FOR
AGGRESSIVE ACTION IN CHINA,
AND SO NOTIFIES THE POWERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 82.
SAX FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.promptly ruled against Brown. The bill
was ordered to -engrossment and third
reading.
The amendment incorporated upon mo
tion of Melick was as follows:
Section 2— A new section Is hereby added to
the Penal Cod*, to be numbered 401a, lo read
as follows: Section 401a — Any person, board,
committee, newspaper or corporation who wil
fully publishes by any writing or printing that
Asiatic cholera or the bubonic plague exists In
this State when such ie not true Is guilty of a
felony.
The amendment makes a radical change
in the bill. Tho original section 2 made
such publication a felony even If the dis
ease existed if the publication were made
before the State Board of Health had de
termined the existence of the disease and
made it a matter Of record.
Brown of San Mateo offered an amend
ment to Assembly bill 55!), by which local
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 19.— The Governor's
health bills 558 and 559 came up in
the Assembly this morninj? as a
special order. Johnson, aided .'by
a certain lukewarmness on the part of
some of the opposition, eucceeded in ap
plying the g&g rule, and that by a trick
on a level of unworthiness with the tac
tics that have been employed from the
start to force these bills to final passage.
Assembly bill 558 was under considera
tion. Melick offered an amendment, and
Johnson suavely explained that since he
understood that Mr. Melick and othors
would withdraw their opposition If the
amendment prevailed he was in favor of
Its adoption. He therefore moved the pre
vious question in order to save time. The
amendment was promptly adopted and
Johnson at once asserted that under, the
previous question further amendment was
not possible. Brown of San Ma teo claimed
that such was not the effect of the previ
ous question when the motion before the
house was simply the adoption of a single
amendment. Speaker Pendleton, who has
a "certain delicacy"' about presiding when
a bill of his own relating to storm water
drains is under discussion, but who
wields the gavel with much gusto when
bills introduced by himself at the Instance
of the Governor are being considered,
AS A CARTOONIST SEES THE LEGISLATORS.
COMMITTEE SHIES AT *
'BUTLER'S QUEER BIXL
Will Beport* Without . Rtconimend
ation tire Measure Fixing
'Electric Light Rates.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 19.-The Assembly Commit
tee on Municipal Corporations decided this
afternoon. to recommend for passage. Mc-
Wade's bill establishing the office, of ma
tron In town and city jails where such of
fice haa not previously been established.
Butler's remarkable bill fixing electric
light rates for the entire State. will be re
ported without recommendation. The com
mittee regards -it as. so palpably a cinch
measure that it prefers to report it so
rather than to send in even an adverse
report. --¦¦ . •¦ . •. ., • %. -.. ¦
Tho Assembly Committee- on .Military
Affairs decided this afternoon to report a
substitute for the National Guard reor
ganization bill, fathered by the Officers'
Association. The substitute leaves the
status of the signal corps as at present.
. The Ways and Means - Committee de
cided to i ecommend - for passage John's
bill appropriating $r>0 .000 for a polytechnic
school at San T Luis Gi>lspo. -¦,¦..« . ,
• -The Senate JudiciaryCommittee decided
to recommend ' for -passage Ashe's bill
makinp incurable, insanity a ground for
divorce; also ¦ Ashe's series of -bills regu
lating the fees, of Public Administrators.
FUMES DESTROY
HARRISON GULCH
Mining Camp Lies in
Ruins.
Shasta County's Richest Gold
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Feb. 19.— Harrison Gulch,
the richest gold mining. camp in Shasta
County, was almost swept out of exist
ence by fire yesterday. The only means
of communication is, by stage mail and
the news reached here late to-night. The
business part of the town was composed
of frame buildings and it was completely
destroyed, there being no protection from
fire.
The fire originated in Stanley A. ,Mc-
Intosh's general store and swept through
the range of buildings, .razing Helbner's
barber shop,- J: E. Martinz's saloon, the
»Harrison Gulch Hotel,} C. M. Green's
boarding house, a building belonging to
the Midas Gold Mining Company, Thur
man & M. C. Graw's saloon, S. Hammon's
saloon and Kaufman's store. The loss
amounts to $7500. v: . •
boards of health might not only report
cases of Asiatic cholera or bubonic plague
to the State Board of Health but at, the
same time take steps to .prevent the
spread of the disease. Johnson tried to
pledge Brown to support the bill if the
amendment were adopted, but Brown said
he was not pledging himself to support
any bill. • The Speaker again showed his
attitude toward opponents of the bills by
saying:
"The gentleman declines to answer Mr.
Johnson's cuestlon."
Johnson resorted to the previous ques
tion again, and debate was again choked
off. Brown's amendment was adopted
and the two bills, on motion of Johnson,
retain trfeir place as special orders. They
will come up for final passage to-morrow
morning.. There Is doubt now if the op
position will be able to make even a re
spectable showing against the measures.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 18.— Senator Louis Oneal
ought to tell his constituents In Santa
Clara why he desires to amend that com
prehensive section of the Political Code
numbered 1000. Should he find any difficul
ty In making the explanation lucid he
might invoke the assistance of Johnny
Mackenzie, who was never known to put
a political friend on a blind trail. The
section as It now stands in the law book
reads:
Sec. 10CO— Vacancies occurring- In office durine
the recess of the Legislature, the appointment
to which is vested in the Governor and Senate,
or in the Legislature, muat be filled -by ap
pointment made by the Governor; but the per
son so appointed can. only bold the office until
the adjournment of the next session of the
Legislature.
Obviously the wording does not suit the
fancy of Senator Oneal, hence he intro
duces Senate bill Xo. 479, as follows:
An act to amend section 1000 of the Political
Code, relative to the appointive- power fo the
Governor. The People of the State of Califor
nia, represented in Senate and Assembly, do
enact aa follows:
Section 1. Section 1000 of the Political Cod*
is hereby amended to read as follows:
Sec. 1000. Whenever an office, the appoint
ment to which is vested in the Governor and
Senate, or in the Legislature, either becomes
vacant or the term of the incumbent of which
expires, during the recess of the Legislature,
the Governor has power to appoint a person
to such of flee; but the person so appointed can
only hold the office until the adjournment of
the next session of the Legislature.
Sec. 2. Thts act takes effect immediately.
The reader will observe that the amend
ment contains the added words "or the
term of the incumbent of which expires."
It Is the settled law in the State, accord
ing to the decisions of the Supreme Court,
that a vacancy in office Is not caused by
the expiration of the term, therefore if
Senator Oneal's amendment prevails the
Governor, after the adjournment of the
present Legislature, will be empowered to
appoint, but the appointee can only hold
the office until the adjournment of the
next Legislature.
Take for example P. J. Harney's four
years', term as Harbor Commissioner. He
was appointed March 20. 1897,and bis term
will expire March 20, 1901. The law as it
now stands permits the Governor to sub
mit to the Senate the name of Major Har
ney's successor, and should confirmation
wait on the nomination the new Com
missioner womd be In for four years.
According to the Oneal- amendment the
Governor will not be called upon to ap
point until the Legislature has adjourned,
and then the new Commissioner will hold
only until the adjournment of the next
Legislature.
Andrew J. Clunle's term as Insurance
Commissioner will expire in April. 1902.
Should the Oneal amendment prevail the
Governor at that time would be able to
appoint a. successor to Mr. - Clunlo who
would hold office until the next session of
the Legislature. ¦ . .
The amendment enacted Into law would
have the general effect of abolishing the
fixed term of office, as contemplated by
the constitution, and fixing the tenure at
the> Governor's pleasure. This may not
involve danger to the public service at the
present time, but It in the future the peo
ple should happen to elect a bad Gov
ernor, or one consumed h.v an ambition to
succeed himself in the office of chief exec
utive, there would be evil results.
¦The bad Governor might say to the Har
bor Commissioner: "You do not hold of
fice for four years. If your conduct is not
to my liking and if your friends fail to
support me I will not send your name to
the Senate for confirmation."
The law as it now stands is all right.
If Senator Oneal and John Mackenzie will
pause and reflect they will consider that
the people of Santa Clara County have
enjoyed prosperities Innumerable and po
litical blessings galore under the existing
statute. The proposed Oneal amendment
will not enhance the price of prunes or
promote the glory of the Normal Schoot.
Santa Clara County is not clamoring for
the amendment to section 1000 of the Po
litical Code.
The source of Senator Oneal's Inspira
tion cannot be traced to Santa Clara
County. It springs from another quar
ter, and the Senate Judiciary Committee
may make a diligent inquiry to ascertain
the true source. The Governor's assist
ance should be invoked by tho Senators.
ASSEMBLYMEN FATTEN
ON 'MTLEAGE BAKEOTTS
Excursion to San Pedro Puts Dollars
Into the Purses of the
» Junketers.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 19.-The expense bill of the
San Pedro Junket was reported this morn
ing. The investigation of the conditions
of that harbor In relation to the bill in
troduced by the committee for the sake
of making another mileage rakeoff will
cost the State $1014. No one wanted harbor
commissioners at San Pedro, but ten
noble-minded legislators have heavier
purses by the difference between actual
expenses and the State's liberal mileage
allowance.
To show the temper t>f this Assembly
It need only be said that four member3,
not on the committee substituted for men
who could not take the trip. In other
words, four men not familiar with the
committee's work took advantage of the
chance to make the trip. Speaker Pen
dleton himself will draw down $101 40 of
the State's money for helping to Investi
gate conditions wltn which he, as a Los
Angeles man, should be familiar. It was
his first trip home since the beginning of
the session.
"Judge" Savage aiso got a profitable
trip home out of it. He substituted for
"Colonel" Martin Brady, who has made
so much money out of junkets, that he is
now concerned only in spending It. Hou
rigan substituted for Barnes and Merrill
for Radcllrr.
Scheme to Place More
Power In the Hands of
•the Governor. . .
FINDINGS
OF POLICE
LEXOWERS
Report Will Call At
tention to Viola
tions of Law.
— > .
Duties of San Francisco's
District Attorney to Be
Pointed Out.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 10.— Tim report of the As
sembly committee which went to San,
Francisco to look into tho affairs of the
Police Department therj will be submitt
ed on Thursday morning, or perhaps to
morrow night. It was expected that it
would be held off until al-er the officers
summoned to appear Thursday noon bad
been heard and dealt with, tut It Is now
admitted that the report will i>e in Thurs
day morning anyway.
Just what form the report will take Is a
matter of some speculation, bat there
really has been but little interest la it. It
is probable that the committee w'.ll sub
mit to the Assembly the fact that a Stata
law has been violated and that it st^ould
not lightly be passed over. It may be
tooy that the attention of the Governor
will be called to the matter, and it is al
most certain that it will b« suggested to
the District Attorney of San fc'rancisco
that he might find it within his duties to
take up the la.ir violations, to the end that
offenders might not go wholly un
punished.
But when it attempts to proceed fur
ther than to report its findings, the com
mittee finds itself on ground cut up by in
numerable legal chuckholes and ditches.
It has for some time been admitted that
over the Police Department of San Fran
cisco the Legislature has no corrective
power. Any member may bring proceed
ings and so could any other citizen of tha
State and city. Tne testimony taken be
fore the committee will give material for
any one to commence a suit upon, but so
far as the Assembly is concerned It la
conceded that It cannot discipline th© Sain,
Francisco Police Department unless it
can show a direct contempt of its legisla
tive dignity and' a defiance of its power.
"While the committee may show wrong
doing, it can show no detlance or con
tempt for the Legislature on the part of
the Police Department, except the Inci
dent of the subpoena.
For this reason the members of the com
mittee are spending plenty of time over
their report. Beyond calling the attention
of the Assembly, the Governor and the
District Attorney to the state of affairs
it found, the committee can make some
general recommendations toward guard
ing against a relapse Into evil ways on
the part of the Police- Department, but
what It can recommend for the punish
ment of past misdeeds is what Is ¦worry-
Ing the committee now.
It Is said that mate, the South American
tea. will sustain life many days without
the pangs of hunger.
Meaning of 'Proptse'fl
Amendment to th?,
JOKER IN
A BILL IS
DISCLOSED
ROBBED BY MASKED MEN.
the Safe in a Store.
La Grange Clerk . Compelled to Open
MODESTO. Feb: ll-rThe store of Percy
Davis at L#a Grange was. entered .last
evening and robbed by two masked men.
They covered Clerk Nelson with their re
volvers and compelled him to "open the
safe. Nelson was then bound and gagged
and left on the floor. After ransacking
the safe and store the robbers departed
without discovery, or molestation. The
Sheriff has. gone to .the scene. ¦ -
Eight-Hour Bill Defeated.
CARSON; Nev., Feb.' 19.— In the Benate
this morning' the bill passed • by trie As
sembly i regulating the working hours of
the miners-to eight hours a day was de
feated by a vote of 9 to 5. - The bill had
passed the Assembly unanimously. Dur
ing ; the afternoon session Assembly bill
24, prohibiting . the conducting s or. owning
,of nlckel-ln-the-slot machines, was passed.
PROVIDES- FOB TUNNEL
-, ;- IN TELEGRAPH HIII
Senator Ashe Presents a Measure
Calling for a "$125,000
Appropriation.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO,-. Feb. 19.— Senator Ashe has In-
troduced, a bill to assist San Francisco to
dig a tunnel through Telegraph Hill, on
the-'line- of Montgomery street from Jack
son to Lombard. The bill provides for an
appropriation of $125.000. • which, it is pre
sumed, will be half of what will be neces
sary to complete the tunnel. The appro
priation under the bill will be handled by
the State Board of Examiners, but it Is
provided that no olll, shall be passed by
the State board, until the city shall have
paid one-half of It. The State shall then
pay the balance. ¦ v
The work is put under the direction of
the Supervisors and the -Board of Public
Works, and it is. provided that the ma
terial excavated | shall be turned • over • to v
the Harbor Commissioners at either end
of the tunnel.' The appropriation i3 made
available' January 1, 190?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Feb. 19.— The crest
of a mountain whose top i3 more than a
mile in circumference slid into Lough
borough Inlet, 100 miles north from Van
couver, last Saturday just before noon.
The great slide was caused by an earth
quake, which shook the surrounding dis
trict for several eeconds, and the result
ing shock of the falling mountain top
could be felt a long distance.
Along this part of the coast the
mountains rise ', almost perpendicularly
out of the water for 700 or 800 feet. The
mountain which 'fell was composed of a
great crag which overhung the shore, and
an enormous slice of It sheered off Into
the bay. The break extended back 400
feet from the shore. Giant trees and im
mense boulders were carried away by the
slide. Instead of crumbling as it fell the
huge mass of • rock remained solid and
flung itself far out into the bay. A heavy
sea was caused which would have swal
lowed up a good-sized steamer, and a tidal
wave swept away down the inlet. Several
small boats three miles away were thrown
up into the woods, and two booms of logs
ready to be sent to market in Vancouver
were thrown out of the water and prac
tically wrecked.
News of the earthquake was brought to
Vancouver to-day by the steamer Coquit
lam.
Earthquake Dislodges Large
Spur on Loughborough
Inlet.
MOUNTAIN PEAK
SLIDES I NTO BAY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAXX. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.— Steps have
been taken by the administration to expe
dite action by the British Government
on the Senate amendments to the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty. Emttassador Choate
has called or. will call the attention of the
British Foreign Office to the fact that the
arrangements extending the time' for the
ratification of the treaty will expire March
4. Mr. Choate will confine his representa
tion to this statement.
The administration officials confess that
there ls'no reason for hasty action by
Great Britain, in view of the delay of the
Senate in disposing 1 of the treaty. It may
be that Great Britain will ask for a.fur
ther extension of the time for ratification.
This would probably 'be* agreeable to this
Government, although It would prefer, the
immediate acceptance of the . Senate
amendments.
Acting Secretary of State Hill; will; It
Is thought, receive the Minister of For
eign Affairs of Colombia to-morrow and
discuss with him his 'proposition 'relative
to the acquisition by the United States of
the Panama canal concession.The Colom
bian Minister has been In constant com
munication with M. Hutin of the French
Panama Company, and the proposal he
will make will be entirely agreeable to the
French company. Colombia Is not dis
posed, It is stated, to transfer sovereignty
over the territory .required for ttie con
struction of the canal. ¦ ¦_ . -
The Administration Will
Demand Action on Treaty
Amendments.
TARDY BRITAIN
VEXES AMERICA
SUTBO'S CONSTITUTIONAL
AMENDMENT ADOPTED
Designed to Provide a Method for
Amending Freeholders'
I Charters.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-
MEXTO. Feb. 19.— Sutro's Assembly con
stitutional amendment No. 11 was adopted
.tills morning.; The, proposed amendment
adds a new section to the constitution
providing a method of amending freehold
¦ers' charters, as follows:
. Whenever an amendment is pres»nted to the
Board of Election Commissioners of such city
or city. and county, signed by qualified electors
equal in- number to- one-tenth of the total v»te
'-such city or city -.and county at the last pre
vious general -election. ?uch amendment shall
be adveTttued- in- the manner provided for the
'¦ advertising of proposed city charters, and sub
! mltted: to the .voters at a general or special
' election. such amendment is approved by a
majority nf the vot*»rs voting thereon It shall
,*jr." submitted-, to the Legislature for it5- ap
rroVa!, without power of alteration or amend
ment.' "Such approval may be made by concur
rent resolution, and if approved lay a majority
-vote.- of the members elected to each House, the
amendment shall thereupon become a part of
sucb-cbartcr-and supersede" all laws and provi
sions of fuch charter In conflict therewith.
More- than one amendment may be submitted
at the. same time, but a. separate resolution of
the legislative authority of such city or city
and ootinty.or a separate petition by the voters
"thereof,;* shall" be had for each such amend
ment,, and the Legislature shall vote separately
¦npcn-eacb such amendment.
SENATE WOUTjD KNOCK
. . OUT THE HORTON LAW
Passes Leavitt's Bill Regulating Ad
mission to Places of Amuse- " ;
ment. ¦
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-
JJENTO, F»b. 19.— By the passage j of
I^eavltt's bill to allow owners of places of
amusement to refuse 'admission to .per
sons who have been found guilty of violat
ing the rules of. the place of amusement
or of conduct prejudicial. to the'Interest of
the proprietor, the Horton law Is prac
tically knocked out
The bill was warmly discussed by Ashe,
Shortrtdge and Smith of. Kern, who op
posed It, and L«avitt r who supported it.
It was charged that the bill was, for one
thing, an attempt to gag the press by al
lowing the summary ejection of critics.
The bill was passed by a vote of 22 to 10.
: The roll call was as follows:.
Ayes— Belshaw, Burnett, Byrnes, Corlett,
Currier. Cutter, Davis, Greenwell, Hoey
Laird. Lardner. Leavltt, Luchsinger. Lukens
JlaKgard, Felva^e, Simpson. Smith of Los An
geles. Taylor, Tyrrell of Nevada, Tyrrell of
San Francisco, Wolfe— 22.
Noes— Aehe, Curtln, Nelson, . Nutt. Oneal,
Rowell, ehortrldse, Sims, Smith of Kern
"Welch— 10.
Absent— Bettman.. Cald well, Devlin, Flint,
Goad, Muenter, Pmce, Plunkett— 8.
TO ABOLISH POLLTAX.
Proposed Amendment Introduced in
\ . the Assembly.
CALJL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MEJCTO, Feb. 19. — Johnson Introduced to
day an .Assembly constitutional amend
ment abolishing the polltax. The amend
jnent is, as. follows:
' The Legislature of the -State of California,
at its thtrty-rourth session, commencing: on jthe
itn day cf January, 1901, two-thirds of all the
members elects to each of the two houses of
Eaid Legislature voting In favor thereof, here
by proposes that section 12 of article XIII of
the constitution of the State of California be
amended so as to read fts follows:
Section 12 (article- XII*. of tha constitution)—
Ko polltax shall ever be ievlsS uj» tta ln-
EILL TO PERPETUATE
INCUMBENTS IN OFFICE
Senator Smith of Los Angeles Would
Make "Logical Candidates" of
Public Servants.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 19.-Scnator Smith of Los
Angelas has Introduced a bill, by request,
¦which might j»rop:-rly be called "an act
to perpetuate incumbents in office," for it
rrovido« that a man who holds an office
shall, unices he objects, be considered a
candidate for the samp office as long as
he wishes to run. The bill is as follows:
.Every r»""n elected to an office at any rep
rlsr or pjccial election snd accepting or hold
ing office thfrcunltr, fhail be considered a
nominee to succeed himself for the same of
fice at any neeeedJnc eif-ctinn. and as fuch
nominee his name under the title of "present.
Incumbent" shall 1* printed flm on every
lellot UFed for voting by and all persons lp-
Fally entitled to vote for a nominee to fill
K»id office, provided, however. If raid incum
bent shall *orve written notice not less than
Flxty days previous to said election on the
County Clerk of the county in which '.aid elec
tion is to be held ob>ct!ns thereto, then his
name F hall not be priated on said ballot as
aforcFaid.
CENST7BES PBESTON
SCHOOL MANAGEMENT
Seport of Assembly Committee on
State Prisons and Refonna-
tory Institutions.
CALL HEADQl-ARTKUS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. :?.— The Assembly Commit
tee on State Prisons and Reformatory In
stitutions made a report this morning in
which the management of the Preston
School of Industry receives a severe eastl
pation. The Whittier School is spoken of
In terms of high compliment, arid by con
trast the following in refemce to the
school at lone Is all the more severe:
Tour cnmmlttf* very much regret to note
that we are unahle to apply the same words
rppaniintr the management - of the Whlttler
Ftato School to that of the Preston School of
Ir.dustry. hut Furh 5s the. caw.' A cloud of
sorrow wa* arpar*-nt on the faces of the chil
dren at the latter place. The buildings w^re.
in poivl condition and *>v<--rythin;r wsmdnii^
food an<l clothing was abundant, hut the chil
dren are not happy, and your committee Is of
the opinion that severe rules, roush 'treatment
at th« hands of the guards, and flogginc is the
cause.
Davis' Flight of Oratory.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 19.— In'jhe Senate
to-day Hanen's bill requiring that em
ployes in logging camps and shingle mills
be given a full hour for dinner at midday
opened the floodgates of oratory, and Sen
etor Davis, in one of the strongest
Fpeeches of the session, carried It to vic
tory, despite all questions of Interference
end
Designed to Give the Sixth
an Assured Republican
Majority*
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. IS.— Another plan of Con
gressional apportionment will be sprung
when the subject comes up for discussion,
this time from the representatives of the
proposed Sixth District, which is mainly
what is now the Seventh. It will make
but a few changes in the plan proposed by
the committee, but the effect. It Is
claimed, will be. to secure to the new dis
trict what it is feared it lacks now— a Re
publican majority. It is claimed further
that the population in each of tho dis
tricts, as will be proposed, will be much
more oven and much closer to the allot
ment of 1S0.O00 which has been decided to
be proper for Congressional districts.
The new plan proposes to take Mendo
c!no from the proposed First District and
add in its place Tuolumne and Mariposa.
This would reduce the population from
3W.831 to 195 r 312 and reduce the comfortable
majority of the last election of 3£3 to
2K7. This would relieve the proposed
Sixth District of two very Democratic
counties. Mendocino would be put into
the Second District, increasing it from
3O.3S3 to 3>s3.Ck and increasing the major
ity from £7u5 to 2^71.
Tulan- also would be taken from the
proposed Sixth District, which, with the
loss of Tuolumne and Mariposa. would
reduce the population from 2l<7.153 to 172,
£?2 and would raise the Republican major
ity from the very doubtful figure of 546 to
the more certain one of 1302. Tulare would
be added to the proposed Seventh Dis
trict, raising the population from 167.029
to 1S5.{'>; and reducing the Republican ma
jority from 4555 to 4*03. These majorities
sre all figured on the last vcte for Con-
The plan was figured out bv E F
Mitchell, secretary of the present" Seventh
District Congressional delegation. It
probably will be introduced by Rowell as
an amendment to the bill. The plan is
rinding much favor, for the bunching of
roveral Democratic counties made the
proposed Sixth District very doubtfully
Republican. It could well spare the pop-
Uiation. and t=n in Mitchell's plan some of
tho more Democratic counties have been
parceled off where their adverse major
ities would do no harm to the dominant
party.
New Plan of Appor
tionment Added
to the List,
PROPOSED
CHANGE IN
DISTRICTS
Number 138 Goes to Its
Second Reading in the
Unoer House. .
¦ •
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MEXTO, Feb. 19.— The committee substi
tute for Senate bill 13S, which is the meas
ure revising the Code of Civil Proced
ure, passed second reading in the Senate
to-day. ' There were some amendments
submitted, but most of these were without
avail.
The first was an attempt to have
stricken from the bill a. provision
which declares that a person to whom a
cause of action has been assigned merely
for collection is not. a party in interest,
and therefore the ' assignee cannot sue.
The attempt to -amend was voted down.
The effect of the section is to throw a
stumbling-block in the way of collection
agents. ¦ .-•• ¦ . .
An amendment to strike out a clause in
section 1365, which would allow the ap
pointment of "some competent person"
selected by the relatives' .of ¦ a deceased
person, to administer upon an estate, was
adopted.. This removes a;.clause which
aroused great opposition from Public Ad
ministrators. *
An amendment to strike from the
amended bill a clause exempting from
privileged communications any communi
cation made to an attorney with the in
tention of having It communicated to
some party having an interest adverse to
the client, or when the same is made in
the furtherance of fraud or crime, was.
los{.
The consideration of these amendments
consumed the morning. session, Davis and
Curtln doing most of the talking. The bill
will come up for third reading probably
this week.
The first nights session of the Assembly
was devoted to the code revision bills.
After a spirited contest bill 6S3, the Civil
Code bill, was made a special order for
Thursday night, and several amendments
to bill C26. relating to the Code of ClvH..Pro
cedure. were adopted.
Treadwell moved at the beginning of the
session that 6S3 be taken up instead of 626.
Johnson, who had come primed with
amendments to G3S, objected strenuously
and tried to g<t 683 referred to the Judi
ciary Committee. Treadwell said the bills
were the fruition of four years of work
by the Code Commissioners and reference
nctv to the Judiciary Committee would
n.can tho delay and probable defeat of
them. Finally Johnson consented to post
ponement till Thursday, instead of refer
ence.
Fisk moved that bill 626 be considered
as a whole, precluding amendment. Sher
idan said such action would not be con
stitutional, and Fisk withdrew his motion.
Johnson offered an ajnendment provid
ing: for appeal in contempt cases. Though
members from the mining districts, hav
ing In view injunction suits, opposed the
amendment, it was adopted.
An amendment offered by Melick. that
in foreclosures on land a duplicate notice
must be served on the defendant if he be
within the county, was defeated.
Sheridan offered an amendment striking
out the section of the bill which legalizes
fees for. expert witnesses. It proved a
popular amendment and was adopted.
Johnson had an amendment to offer,
making it necessary to have the applica
tion tor the disqualification of a-.TucIge
to hear a cai=e made before the action be
commenced. It was adopted.
Fisk again came forward In behalf of
the Governor's idea that the bill should
be crowded through to final passage and
amendments left to be adopted bv sub-
Sequent Legislatures. This time he "moved
that the bill be ordered to engrossment
and third reading. ¦ The motion provoked
a spirited contest, in the midst of which
Feliz called attention to the fact that the
time for adjournment had arrived, and
adjournment was consequently taken.
Senate and AssemblB
Begin Work on"
the Bills.
WRESTLING
WITH CODE
REVISION
SUPPORTERS OF THE HEALTH BILLS RESORT TO TRICKERY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDj^ESDAY/ FEBKUA^T 20, 1901.
Speaker Pendleton, With Johnson's Assistance,
Forces Bill No, 558 to Its Thirfl Reafling.
APPLIES GAG RULE TO CHECK
OPPOSITION IN THE ASSEMBLY
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
tIERCES
FAVORITE
SCS1F1I0M
R WEAK WOMEN.
To ' Prevent "the " Grip '-
Laxative Broxnb-Qulnlna removes the cause. •
February
Is a dangerous month from a health
standpoint.
The grip, coughs, colds, fevers and
all other germ diseases are especially
prevalent.
The sensible course for every person
of any age or either sex is to prevent
these troubles" by taking Hood's Sarsa-
parilla. It makes the blood pure, and
keeps up the health tone so as to pre-
vent attacks of these insidious- ene-
mies.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Purifies the blood. Hood's Pills cure
•all liver ills. Sold everywhere.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNT A.ND . WASHINGTON BTS-— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
- CO. European plan. Koonu. 50c. to $1 5a day;
15 to $3 week; \% to S3) month. Free baths; hoe
and cold water every room: flro crates la ever/
room; elevator rua* all TgitTi
A POOR BREAKFAST.
Very Few People Eat a Good Break-
fast.
"All I want for breakfast Is a roll an.l
a. cup of eoffeo."
This remark If heard not only in hotels
restaurants and lunch rooms but it is the
usual breakfast order in the home drcl<!
as well. After a twelve hours' fast It
mould s<?fm that tne first mr-;U of the
day should be a hearty, substantial one!
and if we all lived natural, unartiflciat
live*, it would be so. but none of us do
r.ene* breakfast is a mere pretense
Says a latter-day philosopher: "Durine
many years of active business life I never
remember having <?aten a good, substan-
tial breakfast, but supposed It was of no
importance until I be»ran to lose appetite
for lunch and dinnsr. " "
"My physician told me I was a victim of
r.ervous dyspepsia and must take rest and
recreation, as no medicine would reach
the trouble, but this advice I could not
follow, es my business affairs would not
permit It. and to rat relief I resorted to
medicines and prescriptions, and it was
purely accidental that I hit upon one rem-
edy which did the business. While In a
drugstore one evening I noticed a number
of people buyinp Stuart's Dyppepnla Tab-
Jets, a widely advertised preparation for
stomach troubles, and the force of ex-
ample was too much for me and I bought
a fifty-cent package.
ri took a tablet or two after each meal
and in a week my appetite picked up f
¦began to feel- my old ambition for : work
returning: and could cat a pood breakfast
because I wanted :jt. and from that time
toT this I' take Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
as regularly as I take 'my meals, not be-
cause I now have any trouble with rny
ptonaach. but because I don't want to
•have.
. "A fifty-cent box of Stuart's Ta.blets
.will last me a month and keep my diges-
tion In Kood order, and I know of no bet-
ter Investment a business man can make."
• - ¦- i < - Dependable Drugs
A Safe
Place to Buy
The Owl Drug Store
is a safe place to buy your drugs and
medicines. Safe, because you are
assured of freshness because we
are constantly buying; of quality,
because we bay only the best; of
low prices, because we are the
original drug cutters. '.
A child can buy here as safely .
and cheaply as an expert. '
¦ Llsterlne 75c j
Swift's Specific 75c
Ayres' Hair Vigor 75c
Cuticura Soap 15c j
Pears' Soap 15c
Belladonna Plaster 3 for-2;c ¦
Carter's Pills 15c
Pinkham's Compound 75c
Paine's Celery Compound 75c
Plerce's Remedies 75c
Scott's Emulsion 75c
Mennen's Talcum Powder 15c
Free delivery to railroad points within [
zoo miles on all orders or $5 and up. -;
! *W> ' 111 ]r •>*.•« OBU" tA
/^^^V 112S Market Street
* 7 '* Jan Francisco 5
lOth and Broadway Oakland
OR.MEYERS&CO. j^lsi
Specialists. Disease <E^P '
and • weakness of flfi&S '^c*
men. Established 72>& 'fS&»^W\
1SSL Consultation «J3* 3^»^S^
and private book \W\ \ ' 'o^t
free, at otnee or by fEi^'i wlM
mail. Cures gnar- "t*x4f<fc£»!*
anteed. 711 1 Mar- N»i' ) «S^«
ket street (elevator
entrance), San A \^»Tl35fcj3w
Francisco.
<ii>>»S^ INJECTION. £
F~A PERMANENT CURE |
% of the moflt obstinate cases of Gonorrhea c
? .and Gleet, rnaranteed in from 3 to 6 s
5 days ; no other treatment reqaircL S
5 _ ¦ ¦ Sold by all druggists. gAttractive Naval Souvenirs.
' The Naval Souvenir "Company of this
city ; is ' selling some handsome souvenirs
of the battleship Ohio. Thi3 company has
made .1 arrangements to ' secure all the
Poolrooms Will Close.
ST. LOUIS. Feb. 19.— The proprietors of
the poolrooms that have been flourishing
in St.' Louis for the past several months
say they will close their doors to-night
now that the breeders* law has been de
clared constitutional. John F. Flynn. who
was , convicted ; under the law, , declares he
will. appeal his case to the United States
•rjtcme Court.
Olympic Club "Ladies' Night."
'The Olympic Club will be turned over. to
the fair sex this evening. It will be "la
dies' night" and the members have put
forth their best athletes to entertain them.
An excellent programme of wrestling,
boxing, fencing and other indoor athletic
work will * be presented. The cleverest
performers ; in the club 'Will take part.
John A. Hammersmith, the efficient lead
er, will have charge of the entertainment.
NEW OrtLKANP. Feb. 13.— Weather fine;
trark Blow. Results:
Mile ar.d a sixteenth— Belle Slmpaoh won
Swordsman second, Maharajah third. Time
1:51%-
Seven f urlor.jrs— General llneruder won, J.
H. Sloan second, Uterp third. Time. 1:23%.
Mile and a quarter— Grey Forge won. Jockey
Joe »e<«ond. Banquo II third. Time, 2:12.
Six furlong!!, handicap — Gertrude Elliott won.
Trladitza setond. Andes third. Time." 1:15. "
Mile and a sixteenth — Dafrmar \von, Egyptian
Princess rccond, Wltheful third. Time, 1:0}.
Six furlpngs— Corialis won. The Burllnnrton
Houte second. Bertha Xell third. T|— i», 1:15.
Results at New Orleans.
Pyrography outfits, cameras.: albums
and books on photography in Artists' Ma
terial Department.' Sanborn, Vail,-& Co.,
741 Market street. •
Compulsory education in New Zealand
is considered a success. .,•"
FAST GAMES AHE PLAYED
BY HAinJBA-LI, EXPERTS
Contests in the Olympic Club Tourna
ment Arouse Enthusiasm Among
Spectators at the Courts.
Interest In the handball tournament at
the Olympic Club Is on the increase.
There was a large attendance last, night
and the spectators were repaid by seeing
some highly exciting contests. ' •' ~-
Ransome (40) was outplayed by Bogan
(40). The former was handicapped by the
lights and did not play his usually fast
game. Bogan's playing was the best seen
in the tournament so far. Mageo (scratch)
handily defeated Forbes by. a score of 51
to 11. The victor, used his powerful left
to advantage. Forbes-was unable to con
nect with the ball.
.Levy" (scratch) defeated Coffroth
(scratch) by a score of 51 to 43. The con
test was the closest of the tournament
and the spectators continually cheered the
piayerp. Both men played hard and the
victory was a well earned one. Bartlett
(scratch") outclassed Kavanaugh (40).
When the one-sided contest ' ended the
score was 51 to 19. . -" -. ,.
To-morrow night tha following games
will be played:
Mulvey (40) vs. Blrdsall (43): Fay (40> vs!
Johnson (scratch); Taylor (40) vs. Ham
mersmith (40); Ferguson (40) vs. McLeod
(scratch); Cunningham (scratch) vs. Mel
roso (scratch).
Third race — Thre» furlong's; two-year-olds;
selling.
1723 Legato 108 18U Flattered 10:
(lSlS)Vlctoria S 10J 1806 Graham GreenelOO
.... Achilles 118 1818 Hard Xight 106
16SS Mike Murphy.. .103 1739 Inocencia 103
1621 Torso Maid ...103
Fourth race-"-Eeven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
(lE16)Dunfree 87 <13«4)Spika 107
1S44 Grand Sacbem.107 1S55 Sea Lion 110
1SC2 Montallade ....107
Fifth race— One mile; three- year-olds and up
ward; selling:.
1*54 Tame Irish— ianion lsw Scotch Plaid.... W
1S56 Bathos 87 (lse8)Lennep m
Eixth race— One mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olds and upward; celling.
(1S6«)E1 Mido 108 1552 Pin* IM
1S44 Horton Ill (lSl9)Flamero 106
1866 Sunello 106 1527 R. del BandldOslOS
1S07 Essence 106
Oakland Selections.
First race— Ilafferdon, Looram, Modwena.
Becond Race— Alzura. Cora Goeti. El Sonoro.
Third race— Victoria S, Torso Maid, Hike
Murphy.
Fourth race— Dunfree, Sea- Lion, Grand
Sachem.
Fifth race— Lennep, Bathos, Scotch Plaid.
Sixth race— 131 Mldo, Horton. Sunello.
By Louis "Honig-.
SLOPPY and slushy was tho Tan
foran track yesterday. The
rain drove over the field with
out a let-up from the first
to tho last race. Outside of
the betting ring there was noth
ing but bleak winter. A heavy wind
blew down the stretch and whistled
through the grandstand, playing a sad ac
companiment to the losers, for the favor
ites were again hurled from the pedestal.
15r. H. E. Rowell's Alee won the first
race, seven furlongs, without much ef
fort. Torsida was the favorite and that
was all she was. Alee got off In the
start and Woods, who had the leg, kept
all the other sellers some distance behind,
even to the wire, which was passed
by Alee first by a length, McNamara sec
ond-and Billy Moore third. Alee sold at
7 to 1. All that was needed was a good
ride, something that Buchanan did not
give the last time . Ale© was In .the run
ning.
Isallne, Buchanan up, took first money
in simple fashion in the second race. Sec
ond choice at 9 to 5, Isallne kept the lead
right through the six furlongs of slush
and finished four lengths ahead of Sweet
Caporal, the favorite, with Tommy
Burns up.
J O C. 15 to 1, won out handily in the
third race, which should have been a six
hurdle affair, but owing to the condition
of the track, was run on the flat Vera
gua and Koenig were the first and second
choices, but they decorated the end of the
tleld. Rio Chico, heavily played, led into
the stretch and would have won if Mc-
Kenna knew anything about the riding
game: Rio was passed by J O C at the
wire, a neck being the separating dis
tance.
Janice with Winnie O'Conner in the sad
dle won the four-cornered seven furlones
without raising a. hair. Telamon, a
4-5 favorite, came within the money dis
tancing Moonbright for the show, which
meant nothing in the betting. Janice took
the lead, held to it and at no time felt the
fear of a pass. Janice sold at 2-1 and had
quite a backing among the knowing ones
The fifth race, one mile and seventy
yards, selling, was captured by Lavator
Prestcmc with Enos up set the pace and
kept In the lead until the stretch -was
hoofed. ' Then the race lay between Im
perious and Lavator, both of whom fin
ished strongly and took the money right
out of Prcstome's hands. See on Lavator
won by a length. Josephine B was ths
favorite, but the beat she could do was a
bad . fourth. There were fdur horses In
the race, Artilla . being scratched.
The sixth race was over a six and a half
furlong route for a field of eleven selllnjr
platers. The Gafflr delayed the start by
running away with Buchanan for a two
mile sprint. Then the race went on. Cer
ro Santa got away at the start and kept
the lead until the stretch, but Uzzel.a
passed under -the wire first without any
hard work on the part of Woods, who did
the piloting. Llzzclla was 5-L
AT TANFORAN TRACK
SUMMONS NOT SERVED
ON DUKE OF WESTMINSTEB
Story That He Is Connected With
Major Atherton's Divorca Suit
Without Foundation.
LONDON, Feb. 19.— A representative of
the Associated Press has investigated the
story printed In a New York newspaper
to the effect that a summons was served
on the Duke of Westminster on the occa
sion of his marriage to Miss Shelagh
West Saturday last in a suit for divorce
brought by Major Atherton, with whose
wife the Duke is said to have been a pas
senger on his return from South Africa.
The report has no foundation in fact.
No divorce suit had been filed up to noon
yesterday and a summons could not be Is
sued before the" filing of the suit. Mrs.
Atherton is in Rome and Major Atherton
is still in South Africa.
BEDMOND OBJECTS
TO THE KING'S OATH
Leader of tlis Irish Party Will Op
pose Granting of Edward's
Salary. ¦¦; : jJ^\
LONDON. Feb. IS.-In the House of
Commons yesterday John .Redmond, chalr-
man of the United Irish Parliamentary
party, took exception to the oath takpn
by King Edward in the House of Lords.
He declared that, inasmuch as the Catho
lic religion was described as idolatrous
and superstitious, he would oppose the
granting of the King's salary.
A. J. Balfour, the Government leader,
admitted that he was no admirer of the
form of words, but hoped the practical
question of the repetition was disposed
of for many years to come. -•
rivet-hole punching? from the protective
deck plating of the Ohio. The punching*
have been made Into attractive souvenir
paperweights and pin cushions and canes.
The novelty company Is in possession of a
signed agreement in which the I'nion Iron
Works testlflps to the genuineness of the
punchlngs. The souvenirs shouM bo in
great demand by all natives of the State
of Ohio.
BOOSEVELT'S -TOUTING
ENDS WITH COYOTES'
Miles in a Chase Near Colo
rado Springs.
The Vice PrsEident-Elect Covers Fifty
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.. Feb. 19.—
Vlc« Prefiient-Elect Roosevelt left here
at 6:20 o'cJock this evening after another
fiay en the plains hunting coyote east
and south of Colorado Springs. The ride
to-day included eipht runs after coyotes,
on oiily two of which, however.' were the
dogs loosened. The distance covered was
more than fifty miles. The start was
ir.ade at C:30 o'clock this morning and the
party, same as that on the hunt yester
<1sy, returnc-d to Colorado Springs from
Fountain, fifteen miles south of here, by
train at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
The departure to-night was as void of
ceremony as ¦was the arrival of the Vice
I'rcFider.t-elect on Sunday morning:. lie
arrived at the station Just in time to
board the private car before the train
pulled out and there was no ceremony
other than a cheer by the assembled
thror.p and a farewell salute by the man
who is soon to be inaugurated as Vice
Presidr-nt.
tm RACING FORM CHART
... ______ .
OAKLAND RACETRACK - Tuesday.
Feb. 19. 1901.— Weather rainy. Track
sloppy.
'1S7O. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three
year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St H. Str Fin.
1S29 Follow Me, 3, 99.. Ransch 6 JH j 13
1782 SplnJK 3. 101 V 60l £? 1} ?? \\
1C32 Billy Lyocs. 3. lOl.Domk 4 3 1 5 2 3 4
1S04 Peeilong. 3. S3. ..L. Daly . i * £ 4 6
1S64 B. Kheprd. 4. llO.Hen sy 9 4 2 3 £ 5 1
.... M. Mitchell, a, 112.Brodn _!i «3 «
1S40 Sen. Matts. 5. 114...R0M 3 8 1 7 5
1127 CJim. Rose. 4. 109 Stuart 8 • 8 8.15
1538 Del Rio, 5, 114. ...Howell 2 . ',4 9 9
T, m «_ii -25- M. :51H: ?i. l:2Ui- Good start.
Won casll'v. Second and third driving. Win
ne? S Merrlweather'b br. g. by Imp. Idallum-
Foliy Winner had sped to burn. Soils on
<T,inA* took up the entire track and was right
full" dls^ualltled. Billy Lyons did not have
the best of racing luck. •Dlsquallfled for foul
lr«r end placed last. Scratched— Hilary 12L
Botting-Folio- Me. 5; Spindle, 30; Billy
Lvon. 4-5: Pegalong. 30- B. Sheppard. 10; M.
Mitchell. 20; Senator Matts, 30; Champion Rose.
10; Del IUo, 15. \
1S77. SECOND RACE— Three and a half fur
lor.ffs; eellins; maiden two-year-olds; purse,
J3C0.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
1GS5 Louwelsea, 107.Domlntck 3 11 ... 11
ISIS Prestene. 100 Stuart 4 * M ... 2 ns
JS41 Monastic. 114 Ruiz 2 3V,... 35
ISIS Sis Abbie, lOS.Faunt'lry 8 5 1 ... 4 5
I $41 Vasallo, 1C5 Ransch 6 6? ... 6 4
1>41 Miss Brentwd, 101.. Soils 5 7 2 ... 6 1
.... lear. 109 Ross 1 2 >4 ... 7 1
.... Tabna, 1CS Howell 7 8 V* ... 8 5
. .. Well, 110 HennessylO 10 ... 9 C
1S06 Post Bell, 107 Devin 9 9 ... 10
Time— 3-16, :12',i: "MS. :15. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner,
Doble & Co.'s b. f. by Rey El Santa Anita
l^e.y.a. Louwelsa is a very fair filly. Prestene
improving. Vasallo poorly handled. . Scratched
—Maraschino 1CS.
Betting— Louwelsa, 3-2; Prestene, 11-2: Monas
tic 5; Sister Abble. 60; Vasallo, 3; Miss Brent
wood, W; Isar. 15; Tabna, 25; Well, SO; Post
Bell. 15.
1S76. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three
year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index. Horse". Wt. Jockey. St. H- Btr. Fin.
1S43 El Topio, 3, 114 Ruiz 112 12 12
1774 Elfired, 3, St9..Fauntleroy 2 2 1 2 1 2 »4
1S04 El Kara. 3, 109.. Macklin 6 7 6 4 >4 3 1.
1S36 Merida. S. 107.,Domlnlck 6 4 H 3 2 4 hi
1CS9 Cue. 4. 114 Howson 9 8 4 7 »,, 5 4
1354 Swlftwater. 4. 109. Stuart 7 3 1 6 1 0 1
1S16 Rathgar, 3, 109...Howell 8 6 1 SI ¦ 10
164S Free Pass. 4. 111.... Ross J 6H 8 8 15
1499 S. Donenbm. 4, 1U. Devln 4 S 9 9
Time—I^, :I5 : y., :50; %, 1:19%. Perfect start.
Won. easilv. Second and third driving. Win
ner. Doble & Co.'s ch. c. by Emperor of Nor
folk-Arapahoe. Eldred made a bold bid for It,
but was easily outfooted by winner. Merida
probably short. Free Pass no account 4n the
aiud. Scratched— Alpha Lee 97.
Bettlt.g— El Topio, 5-2; Eldred, 10; El Kara,
S- Merida 6-5; Cue, 12; Swiftwater. 12; Rath
gar 6- Free Pass 30; Sam Dannenbaum, 30.
1ST!). FOtTRTH RACE— One mile and fifty
yards; selling; three- year-olds and upward;
purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. Vt. Str. Fin.
1M7 Uarda. 6. 113 Devln 12 4 2 6 14
1S45 Norford. 4. 114 Turner 6 5 2 3 n 2 1
1803 P. Morrissey, a, lll.Dom 4 11 113 3
1S^6 Ph. Archbld, 3, 97. Stuart 6 3 4 4 8 4 29
1S2S Litmus 3, 91....Sheehan 2 4 1 5 4 5 8
1Su2 Kickmbob. 4. l&S.Howell 3 6 6 6
Time— SO yards, :04; >i. =26; H. :50; m. 1:16;
mile 1:46; lm 50 yards, l:4?i». Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner.
J. B. F. Brownlcw's b. in. by jstrathmore-
Zuhlan. Morrissey did riot have his old time
epeed. and quit badly the last furlong. Nor
ford a very slow besinner. Too much weight
on Klckumbob. .
Bettlas— Uarda. 12; Xorford. 11-5; Pat Mor
rifsey. 1-2; Phil Archibald. "0; Litmus, 60;
Kickumbob. 40.
18SO. FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; three
ye*r-olds and. upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. Vi. Str. Fin.
1M3 Scallywag. 3. 97 Stuart 2 14 1 ns 1 2
1832 Dtickoy. 4. 114 Turner 4 13 2 1 2 3
1S55 Joe Rlpley. a, 108-.Brodn 1 4 15 4 12 3 5
1S2S K. Gibbons, a. 111.. Ross 5 2 1 3 1 4 10
1457 U Hooker. 6. 103.L.. Daly S 5 10 5 20 a 30
1S17 Evlrato. 6, 110.... Golden 6 6 G 6
Time— U. :1S: U. :25^i: & :4S»i: "4. 1:31.
Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. Winner, D. S. Fountain's ch. g. by
Himyar-Ladv Agnes. Scallywag best ridden.
Brodlen unable to handle Rlpley, allowing the
h'orse to run out through the stretch. Too far
for Katie Gibbons. Scratched— Urchin 110, Good
Hope 108."
Betting— Scallywag, 2; Duckoy, 8-5; Joe Rlp
ley. 13-6; Katie Gibbons, 12; Louise Hooker, 100;
Evirato. 300.
1S91. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling;
four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
1797 Boundlee, 4. 104..Domnck 4 2 V4 1 2 15
1737 Tiburon. 5. 109..MackIln 1 1 h 2 «£ 2 4
1SC7 Jertd. 6. 114 Turners 3 1 4 3 3%
1793 Gusto. 4, 10S....J. Brown 3 4 % 3 1 4 6
1S03 Torrina, a, 1C5 Devln 2 5 5 6
Time— U. :24'4: %. :49%; %. 1:17%. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner. B. Schrelber's br. g. by Boundless-Parolee.
Boundlee nicely ridden and best. Jerid out
footed. Torsina is stale. Scratched— Scotch
Plaid 107, Peace 105.
Bettlrg— Boundlee, 11-5; Tiburon, 4; Jerld, 3;
Gusto, SO; Torsina, 9-S.
Oakland Entries.
Following are the Tanforan entries:
Flr«t race — Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling:.
1S69 Modwena ....'.. 99 1623 John Welch.... 98
.... The Benedict.. ,101 1&« Xonj Such ....101
18C9 Scotch H« 1665 Pilot 9$
1&69 Hagerdon 104 1SJI Moringa 101
1SD4 Lioorun ..." 101 l?Sfi Evlrato 110
1852 La. Maeeoua.... 39 1313 San Augustlne.101
1E57 Peace 93 1 1S45 Juva 93
Second race — Fire and a half furlongs; three
year-old fillies; selling.
<1732)Alzura 115 1SC8 Cora Cetz .....115
1S04 Carrie Lucas. ..115 1SC6 Loneliness 116
1433 Kittle Lundy...ll3 1518 Downhearted ..115
17C0 Bavassa 115 (1SO4)E1 Sonoro 115
1K4 Atble L 113..... Lady Rice 115
TANTOBAN" PAItK-Tuesday. Feb. 19,
1001.— Weather showery. Track sloppy.
187O. FIRStf RACE-Sevcn- furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. «. u str Fin
1826 Alee. 4. 111....J. Woods 14 13 12 11
1815 McNamra, 4. 108.Burns 3444*1 14 -21
]S10 B; Moore, 4, 105..Enos 6 h 6 2 4 13 5
1722 Torsida,-6, 106..O'Conr 4 3 3 V4 5 1 4 2
1847 Alas, 4, 106.. Buchanan 2 2 2 Vi 3h 6 3
1S03 L. Medsra, 6, 104.MUler S J4 5 h 6 8 6 10
1S03 Rapldo. a, 10C.. Murphy 7 7,7 7
Time- M. :25',4: M. :5U4; %,'l:04V4; % 1:31
Good start.^ Won handily. Second and' third
driving-. Winner, Dr. II. E. Rowell's br. h.
by imp. St. George-Levee. Alee ran a much
!, m J proved ,. race# ,_ Torslda 's race bad; evidently
did not like tho going. McNamara ran his
race. Alas -quit. Scratched— Parmenlon 103.
Betting— A.lee, 7: MeNamara. 8: Billy Moore.
7; Torslda. 13-5; Alas, 4; Lady Meddlesome, 6;
Kapldo, 40.- •
1S71. SECOND RACE-Slx furlongs; gelling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Index. Horse, yWt. Jockey. St. »4. Str Fin
1C90 Isallne, 4. 104.. Buchanan 1 lh 12 14
1S33 S. Caporal, 5, ,107.. Burns 2 2 2 2 1 2 h
1834 Salvador 6, 112..Bozeman 4 4 13 2 3 H
1 1834 Vain, 4..10C....J. Woods 3 3 14 4 1 43
1845 Osmond, 5, 109.. O'Connor 5 5 5 5
Time-Vi.', :25>4: " %. :50'4; %, 1:1514. Good
start, won easily. Second. and third driving.
Winner, C. Llnd & Co.'s b. m. by imp. Clieve
den-Rebeeca. Isallne had most Epeed and was
Kamest. Salvado showed some improvement
Cuporal flult last part.
Betting— Isallne, 9-5; Sweet Caporal, 9-5; Sal
vado, 16; Vain, 6; Osmond, 7..
187a. THIRD RACE— One and a half miles:
handicap; four-year-olds and up; purse, $450.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. U. str Fin
1782 J O C, a. 136..McMahon 3 6 2 3 in'
1782 K. Chlco. 5. 12S.McKenna 4 13 1 z 2 4
1761 Choteau, 4. 125... Barton 14 3 3 10' 3 15
U4S Pertwljr, 6, 130....Brodle 5 2 1 4 10 4 12
W41 Veragua, a, 136..Hueston 6 3 h 5 3 5 3
1S4S Koenlg, 5, 130. ...Brown 2 5 3 6 6 '
Time— 2:48. Good start. Won first three driv
ing. Winner. S. F. Capps" ch. g. by Apaahe-
Irene. Rio Chlco should. have won. Boy toss
ed the race away by .overconndence. Veragua
quit badly at a mile. Scratched— Mad Antho
ny 122. Granger 137, Lothian 1C4.
Betting — J O C. 13; Rio Chlco, 4; Choteau. 15;
Periwig, 8; Veragua, 6-5; Koenlg, 7-2.
1873. FOURTH* RACE — Seven furlongs;
three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. M. Str ¦ Fin
3851 Janice, 105 — ..O'Connor 1 11 12 14
(lS36)Dangerfield. 103. ...Miller 4 2 2 2J 2n
1S2« Telamon, 110.. .T. Burns 2 3 2 3 12 3 23
1748 Moonbright, 105.. J. Daly 3 4 4 4
Time— V4. :13'4: U. ::6; \' t . :51%; %. 1:30%;
Bad start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, G. H, Morris" ch. f. by Imp.
Midlothian-Rosette. Janice beat the gate, but
was clearly the best. Dangerfleld. ran a swell
race for him. Telamon doos not like the mud.
Betting— Janice, 2; Dangerfleld, 5; Telamon
9-10; Moonbright, ,30.
1S74. FIFTH RACE— One mile and seventy
yards; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse
»40J.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. ',i. %. Str. Fin
1S49 I^avator. 5, 109 See 4 4 3 h 1 l"
1849 Imperious, 6, 106. Woods 22 2VJ21 24
1S38 Frestome. 4. 103..Knos 1 'j 1 '4 1 h 3 3
1828 Josepn B, 5, 107.O'Conr 3 '•> 3 h 4 4
Time— 70 yds, :05tf: >4. :25%; >^. :50»i; K
1:18%; m. 1:46; lm 70 yds. l:50'i. Good start.
.Won easily. Second and third driving;-- Win
ner. C. K. DurnelPs ch. g. by Salvator-IIot
Spring. I^vator was cut oft several times.
Was much the best. Imperious ran his race.-
Josephlne B"s race a bad one. She had no
speed. Scratched— A rtllla 105.
Betting— Lavator. 7-2; Imperious, 2; Tres
tonie, 10; Josephine I), 6-5.
1875. SIXTH RACE-Slx and a half fur
longs; selling; maidens; three-year-olds and
up; purse, $&0.
Index. Horse, "Wt. Jockey. St.' U. «. Fin.
1839 LIzzella. a, no;... Woods' 5 3 2 2 3* 1 4
1762 Cerro Santa, 3, 97. .Daly 2 12 13 2 1
1691 Red Cherry, 4, 107... Sec 4 2 h 3 h 3 M
1788 K. Walcott. 4. 107.\Vedtd 7 4 2 4 14 4 4 '
1839 8. Voice. 4, 107..O'Conr 6 5 3 S<i 5 8
1SO1 Aphrodls, 3,-93 8 6 h 6 6 4
1724 Thornwlld, 3, 97.. .Miller 9 7 h 7 7 h
185S Cantlnus, 3, 109..Murphyll 8 l',i 8 8 4
1801 Carlovlgnlan, 3. 97.Jksn 3 9 5 9 9
J. O'Xoil. 4. 109..&Ieanyl0 11 10 10
726 The Gafflr. 3. lOO.Buchan 1 10 1 •
Time— 3-16, :20Vi; 7-lfi, :44%;9-16. :57',4; 6',4f.
1:25V4. Good start. Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner, J. Webber & Co.'s b.
m. by Morello-Ltzzle Duabar. Llziella much
the best of a bad lot. Cerro Santa plenty of
speed but no heart. Scratched— Santa Lucia
110. 'Pulled up.
Betting— Lizzella. 5; Cerro Santa, 12; Red
Cherry. 12; Katie Wolcott, 5-2; Sweet Voice. 7;
Aphrodls, S: Thornwild. 12: Cantinus, fiO; Car
lovignlan, 75; Jimmy O'Xell. 60; The Gafflr 8.
Tanforan Entries.
• Following are the Tanforan entries:
First race — Five and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward; selling. :
1799 MacLaren 107 1837 Santa Lucia.... 106
1822 Aptagone 102 1S34 Racetto 101
931 Handera 102 1S43 Emlle Zola 109
IMS Tom Sharkey...lO4 (1691)Xansen 101
1799 Little Minch JrlOSI
Second race— Three and a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-olds; purse.
1S3S Ogle 108 1S60 Linen Greene... 10?
Oratossa 105 1833 Karl W 10S
1SGO Luclen ApplbeylOS 1775 Anna B 105
1787 Remele 103 1SU Legal Maxim.. .105
Third race— Six furlongs; three- year-olds and
upward; selling. ;
1778 La Calma 100 1S15 "Wlllinm Ack. ..102
1724 Sebastlana — ICO 1S5S B. Caldwell....lO2
1774 Gaylon Brown.. 102 17S3 Darlene no'
1766 Impromptu ....115 1S75 Cantlnus 105
Fourth race — One mile; four-year-olds and
upward; purse. .
1849 Vulcaln l r 9[ 134!) Autumn 106
(1831)Florizar 109| 1S4H Greenock 109
(179S)Barrack lO.'i 1830 Astor ill
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling:.
1874 Imperious 102 1845 Selde ;.. 97
(lS58)Matt Hogan....l06 1S47 Esplrando 107
1823 Handlcapper ..112 177S Birdie Stone.... 90
(17S6)Toah 32 1S5S High Hoe 105
(1743)Andrattus Si
Sixth race—One mile and 70 yards; four
year-olds and upward: purse.
1798 Mary Kinsella.KH 1GS6 Sylvan Lass 97
1C79 Acrobat 10C 173S Bogus Bill 101
1862 Leinachus .....104 1713 IMxford St
187;! Veragua .......106 ...'•-: ,i
Tanforan Selections.
First race — Nansen. Racetto. Santa I.ticia.
Second race— Legal Maxim, Ogle, Lincoln
Greene.
Third race— Impromptu, Darlene. William
Ack.
Fourth race— Floriiar, Autumn, Astor.
Fifth race— Selde, Toah. Matt Hqgan.
Sixth race— Lemachus, Bogus* Bill, Mary
Klnaella. .
Track Notes.
Charley Macklin is in the saddle again
at Oakland. J
Mounce and Bullman. two of Oakland's
best riders, are on the sick lfct.
Frank Hayes, who found the game too
full of- curves at Tanforan, is meeting
with better success at the track acros j
the bay. Hayes is one of the biggest bet
tors around the New York tracks.
Bookmaker Johnny Coleman beat the
books at Oakland yesterday. Johnny ia
not going to book, though, preferring a
trip to the country until things in general
pertaining to the turf have become mote
settled. .. ." ¦,, . .
Buchanan's Baddle work has been the
subject of much unpleasant criticism of
late. The sudden improvement in form
shown by Alee is hard to explain.
Tommy Burns still finds -it difficult to
land a favorite in front. In this respect
he plays In harder luck than almost any
other rider in the business.
Charley Thorpe. -beyond question the
most popular rider that ever wore silk on
a California track.' will be seen In tht
saddle at Oakland. ¦
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
By F. E. Mulholland.
A TURN about is fair, pray, and de
spised ones in the betting hadall
sorts of fun with the favorftes
yesterday at Oakland track.
Everybody It would seem backed
Pat Morrissey to win the mile and seventy
yards run, and old Uarda came breezing
in at the luscious p'rice of 12 to 1. Scally
wag, Boundlee, El Toplo and Follow Me
were the others to cause a stampede in
the camp of the favorite players. The
races were decided in the face of a driv
ing rainstorm, and as the -card was one
not bristling with attractive features the
attendance was only fair.
Follow Me, a C to 1 chance, with Ransch
on his back, gave the other eight starters
in the introductory sprint a merry chase.
Breaking away from the pest stxtji. the
gelding skimmed away in the lead, beat
ing his way home a quarter of a dozen
lengths in front of Spindle, with Billy
Lyons, the favorite, third. Soils astride
Spindle pumped and ran Into two or three
horses, for which the judges disqualified
him, a decision that gave entire satisfac
tion.
The stable of Doble & Co* took tho two
year-old dash with Louwelsea, a neatly
turned filly by Rey El Santa Anita. Dom
inlck had the mount, and, backed down
to 3 to 2 favoritism, she won hands down
from Prestene and Monastic. Kansch is
not a capital hand at piloting members of
the kindergarten class, and Vassalo,
which opened favorite, receded and ran
unplaced. The -.-tart In this event was one
of the prettiest of the season.
Doble & Co. followed this win up by an
nexing the six-furlong spin that followed
with El Toplo. handled by Ruiz and 5 to
2 in the betting.- The colt Jumped away
in front and. never extended, downed the
10 to 1 shot KIdred almost eased up.
Merida, the 6 to 5 favorite, lost the show
to El Kara.
Popular as ever. Pat Morrissey was next
set up a 1 to 2 chance for the mile and
seventy yards run. He plowed through
the slush and slop in rollicking fashion
for over two-thtrds of the journey and
thea began to tire. First Uarda passed
mm. then Xorford, the former getting'the
decision by four open lengths.
Stuart landed the llfth race with Scally
wag, the' second choice. The gelding dis
played better staying qualities than usual,
and after making all the runnihg, won at
the wire by two lengths from Duckoy, the
favorite. Joe Rlpley ran third under little
Brodlen's piloting. . *,
Judging from her poor showing in the
last event at six furlongs, Torsina should
be placed on the dry dock for a thorough
overhauling. A 9 to 5 ¦ favorite, she fin
ished last with "Pug" Devln up. Domin-
Ick had Boundlee In front soon after the
start, reaching town five lengths before
Tiburon. Show honors went to Jerid.
Following are the entries and weights
for two rich events 'to be decided at Oak
land this week:
The George Washington Handicap— For three
year-olda and upward. $1000 added, of which
1175 to second and $73 to third. Acceptances
Thursday, February 21. at 11 a. m. One mile.
Favonius l!2:Soclal!st ......9S
8peclflc 115 Scotch Plaid 9S
Lennep 115 I'at Morrissey 93
!*he Fretter Ill Pea Lion 92
Gold d'Or 11.1 Good Hope 92
Montanlc 113 Grand Sachem 92
Tayon 110 Dandy Jim .......... 91
Bill Garrett .lU|St. Wood 8»
Phoenlssa 110 Uarda' S9
MacGyle 110 Imp. Broadbrim 8S
Astor 10S Mortgage 88
Meehanus lOSjTame Irishman 86
The Light 104 Quiz 86
Bathos 104 Morlnpa 85
The Monk ,....102 My Gyp«y 83
Yellow Tall 102 I'hll Archibald 82
Maggie Davis 102 St. Rica SO
The Bobby 100
The Palace Hotel handicap, |20C0. A handi
cap for two-year-olds and upward at the time
of closing 1 . Winners of other than a selling
purse, after the weights are announced to carry
five pounds extra. To be run Saturday, Feb
ruary 23, 1901. One mile and a furlong:
(lS49)Warlng 130 1766 Great Bend ....100
1S19 Vcsuvian 125 1477 Gauntlet 100
(1711)Ecldle Jones 124 Babbler 100
1S35 Favonius -• 122 1399 First Tenor ...100
1S1» Advance Guardl21 1S4» The Monk 100
.... Tlllo 133 1S49 Autumn ..• 100
Zoroaster IIS 1747 Rolling Boer.. .100
1S43 The Lady 113 1823 Telamon 99
1S49 Vulcaln 114 1S.V5 Bathos 97
F. \V. Brode...ll2 1R31 Lena 93
3S49 Specific Ill 1777 Im. Broadbrim. 95
1869 Wooster Boy. ..112 1S2T. MacGyle 98
.... What-er-Lou ..110 1CS9 Herculean 93
Arbaces 110 1689 Vain 95'
18« Andrlsa 110 1R49 Beau 'Ormonde. 92
1646 Malay 10S 1455 Goldone 90
1849 Gonfalon 10S 1S66 Rio Shannon .. 93
1727 Formero 107 1S33 Sea Lion 91
1343 Scales 106 1741 Bab 90
1849 Greenock 106 Impresario 1 90
1831 Floiizar 105 Silver Bullion.. 90
1847 Prejudice 105 1836 Cougar 90
1«K> John Baker ..105 1590 Hard of Avon.. 90
1132 Rosormonde ...105 1S55 Mortgage 87
1S49 Star Chamber.. 105 1S67 My Gypsy .... 85
Macy 104 Gartalene \ 83
1S59 Owensboro 104 1748 Tony lapping.. 89
1S49 Joe Frey 104 1743 Gold Badge SO
1823 Handlcapper ..104 1583 Kl Fonse 80
1849 Canmore 103 .... Mlthrldates ....'80
1835 Bangor 102 .... Miss Bunny .. 80
FAVORITES AT TANFORAN AND
OAKLAND LEFT IN THICK MIRE
Louwelsea the Only Choice to Earn Brackets at Oakland.
/Uarda Home in Front at the Long Odds of 13 to 1,
/Janice Wins the Seven-Furlong Race at Tanforan
AT OAKLAND TRACK
Epedal Dirz>a?ch to The Call.
CUMBERLAND, B. C. Feb. 19.— Th«
todies of six of tho sixty-five victims ot
the mine explosion hero were taken ont
to-da.y, and more are expected to be
reached to-r.ip"~.t. The first bodies," those
of Dun Mclnr.es and nia Japanese helper,
¦we-e broup^t ~P at 10:20 o'clock, four days
less a half-hour from the time tho acci
dent occurred. «...
When t!:e shirt came off this morning
thev reported having found the torn coat
of jjclnncs. They could see tho curtain
which ew-.tched the air current into his
etall, £0 close had -they carried the brat
tires Into his workings. This morning the
shift reported having carried the work on
to We et_H. They found him and the
Japanese lying on their backs, both with
tlielr arms clasped tightly across their
faces ss though they had struggled to
eh!e!d themselves from the deadly after
flair.p while running toward the shaft.
They had not gone more than twelve feet
from where they had been working. The
faces of both were black and their bodies
were much swollen. Their hair and mus
taches were not singed. Not a timber was
shifted by the explosion.
Mclnnes was working farthest in No. 6
end nearest No. 6, and the finding of the
body Indicates without doubt that all the
men are dead.
At 2 p. m. the remains of a Chines* and
a Japanese helper -were taken out. and at
4 p. m. the bodies of Joseph Crosette and
Alexander Davis were found - lying- on
their faces, with their bodies sprawling.
as though they had fallen when overcome.
The remains were placed on a sleigh and
carried to the town, a mile away, to the
fire hall, which had been turned Into a
morgue and been draped in black, with a
half-masted ur.ion jack above the bell
tower.
Evidence That the Sixty-Five Men
Wlio Were Imprisoned Lost
Their ULves by Suf
focation.
DEATH OUTSPEEDS
THE RESCUERS
Remains of Hapless Miners
Found by Friends at
Cumberland.
Sixth Infantry. Results
, in a Garrison
Capture.
Sharp Fighting by Men of the Forty-
•— \ »•
MANILA, Feb. 19.— Captain Jones, of
the Eighth Infantry, has arrested'.at a
town on the bay, ih the Province of \ La
Guana, Florentino Ortana and Miguel
Ponce de Leon, agents of. the Tabacaleria
Company, and William Webb, Pedro Lor
enzo and Vlctoriasco : Sentana, . employed
by the Philippine Trading Company," on
charges similar to those brought against
D. M. Carman, the American contractor,
namely, furnishing the insurgents ' with
supplies. The Tabacaleria Company, the
richest corporation in the Philippines, is
accused of aiding the insurgents often
and actively.
Tho parties 'arrested are prominent per
sons, and the evidence against them is
very stronc.
M. Bnxhoiterman, a Belgian, connected
with the 1'hllipplne Trading Company,
has been arrested at Manila, and At.
Koouara Andre, tne Belgian Consul here
and manager of the Philippine Trading
Company, has hastily left Manila wit a
his family on his way to Europe on board
the steamer Montevideo. Andre had pre
viously been suspected. Other arrests are
expected. v
Colonel Schuyler,. with 100/men of tho
Forty-sixth Regiment, on the gunboat
Basco, landed on the Cavite coast near
Ternate, and, proceeding inland, captured
a small rebel garrison. Continuing; his
march along a mountain trail. Colonel
Schuyler was attacked by rebels of Trias'
command. After a sharp flght the enemy
was beaten and scattered. One Ameri
can was killed and one was wounded.
The United States transport Rosecrans
has returned here .from the island of
Guam, after landing there the Filipino
prisoners 'who have oeen deported to that
place. The prisoners were landed on
January 12. They occupy an excellent
prison- site four miles from Agana. The
prison- is called. The Presidio. It is sit
uated on an ascent and strict discipline
is- maintained. ,"
The officials of the branch of the Hong
kong Bank here have announced that
Ross, the in their employ,
who wrote a letter published in an Aus
tralian paper, criticizing the Philippine
Commission. American officers and Ameri
can . policy In general, has been ordered
to proceed to . Hongkong. The British
community here Is well pleased that the
man has been sent away.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 19.-The Secretary
of War to-day replied to the Senate reso
lution of February 5 asking: for the facts
in the case of George T. Rice, editor of
the Daily Bulletin of Manila, who was
recently deported to the United States by
order of General MacArthur. The Secre
tary's letter consists simply of copies of
two telegrams which passed between Ad
jutant General Corbin and General Mac-
Arthur on the subject. On tne 7th Inst.
General "Corbin cabled General MacArthur
a.° follows:
"To reply to resolution of the Senate,
the Secretary of War desire's you to cable
whether one Rice has been deported, by
what authority and for what offense."
General MacArthur replied on the 8th
Inst. as follows:
"Editor deported to San Francisco Jan
uary 28. Offense malicious publication of
false charges affecting the integrltv of the
administration of the office of captain of
the port. In which he was formerly em
ployed, this with full knowledge of their
falsity. The matter received exhaustive
Investigation, in which Rice was heard in
his own defense. He was informed he
must give bond not to republlsh or must
leave the islands, as his actions were
creating strife and were a menace to the
military situation. He maintained an at
titude of defiance and was necessarily
sent home. Full report was forwarded,
with all papers, February 1.'?
The Secretary of War said that this cor
respondence was the only information he
had on the subject of the resolution,- and
he added that the mail report referred to
by- General MacArthur would be subse
quently transmitted to the Senate.
American Troops Capture
Persons Who Assist the ;
Luzon Natives.
REBEL AGENTS
TAKEN TO JAIL
TIJE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY HO, 1901.
3
The facts about those
$io made=to=order suits
The case is just (his: If you need a suit and
are a-man vvhomust^ make your dollars count, you
can't do better when buying than to order one of
cur $10.00 made-to-measure suits.
If the su'.t pleases you, you keep it; if it doesn't,
you return it and gei your ten dollars back. And
furthermore, any time within a year you may brins
in the suit and we wiil make the necessary repairs
free of charge This guarantee protects you and
-establishes our faith in the suits.
Don't you want our samples? If you are not
in the habit of paying fancy .prices for your clothes,
this ought to interest you.
. An assortment of cheviots and tweeds in 1901
patterns from which to choose. *
Fac's like these ought to overcome anv preju-
dice you may have against a low-priced suiv
Out-of-town orders filled satisfactorily through our self-
measuring system — write for samples.
718 Market Street and
Cor. Powell & Eddy Sts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FRELTO MEN!
A Kost Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigror
• to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a mc:t rem&rka-
b'.e remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that '
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
euffer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful roily, premature
loss cf strength and memory, weak back
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired Ioc_tlon. ftfving strengxh
_.nd development just where It Is needed
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
•from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success
5n -II cases. A request to the State Med-
ical Institute. S2S Elektron building-. Fort
"Wayne. Ind., stating that you desire one
cf their free trial packages, will be com-
plied with promptly. The Institute is de-
jslrous of reaching that great class of men
¦who are unable to leave home to be treat-
«k1. end the free cample will enable them
to sc» how easy It Is to be cured of sex-
•ual weakness when the proper remedies
sre employed. The Institute makes no
restrictions. Any man who writes will
bo »ent a free cample, carefully sealed
In a r>lain package, so that its recipient
need have no fear of embarrassment or
publicity. Readers are requested to wrlt»
without delay.
4_pgS&& ORE punro
7^$38m$& bottle LunES
/ MCBURNEY'S
)% V^W Kidneygggg'
t_I ' A tnorongh cure lor
Pt\ _ C P-loa In the back,
V^ J i» BRIGBT'S DISEASE,
_^Jv. 24 r ij fenale troubles, incoa-
uoenceof tr rlne. brick dnst deposits, bed-
wcttlng of children, gravel, gall Btooea,
dropsy, diebete*. « no rheumatiEm.
—FOR BALE AT
THE OWL. DKUG CO.. 112S £Urket it..
AND AT
DAHZ.BEXDER DRUG CO.. 214 Kearnr »t«.
6eod SSo in 2c stamps to W. F. McBurney.
41S 8. Eprlnr ft.. Los Angeles, Cat., for S
<?«.rs* treatment. Prepaid » to. Drugrists.
§>1M, VIGOR, VITAL! TY for MLN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL8
fcave been In use over fifty
years br the leaders of tb*
Mormon Church and tbelr fol*
lowers. Positively cures th«
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects cf self*
cbuse. dissipation, excesses or
cicarette-emolclr.g. Cure* Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power, Ntpfct Losses, Insom-
da. Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltnees to Mar-
ry. Lot* of Semen, mi r Varlcocele or Con-
stipation. Stop* Se *_| _J rvous Twitching
cf Eyelid*. Effects Z"_..J^ _ » r • 1— i— ;ediate.
Impart vlgror and g f '' potency to every
function. • Don't get despondent: a cure Is at
hand Restores •mall, undeveloped organs.
F-!mulate« the brain and nerve centers; SOe a
box • t tor $2 60 br mail. A written guarantee to
ru-e' or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars
free Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
it. S*n Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRUO CO..
r? and 40 Third «t.
e^^/q* <&> **> *fci
Aviss* OR- JORDAN'S qrcata
iKUSEUB OF ANATOMY*
\ _f^ Th« Ltirnt Aaatooiod Mnteum in the \
A _^j_l%__^ V.'oftd. U_>n*er« cr Aijr contract ;<< 4
v jCeir 3JS «Ji»e«-« poTj«l»»-ly «€!—»•: i.jr tb- o!Ue»t V
v gS C 1 »pe«&Uu cs the CcaiC Kit. j6 y tr. «
i £*¦£?? 08-»C32A?»-fRrUTE0:SEASE8 4
• W v?SiR le.iolutkm fr» *> »nd strirtly pri.t^. \
g I X»«« ft t n imrat prrtomiiy or by Ifftrr. A O
T H if \| I /wjm t*— • In erery case undertaken. \
aWlf > «' V. me for booii.t'Btl.Otftrmilvt A
V * JJ i • («]iniA.i.t, MAILED fillO. (af
h <* > i vdcsMe book (or sen; A
* f»O jr«Zt!»/l??^rC«.. 2W. Market Ht.. a F. V
i <*u <fc' -m- ~^-~»^"te^~^"^. ~fc <_>
GE i A I G\ Laflln & Tand Waterproof
3 ¦ *ft_ "I *¦ fcjr.okeless Powder. In bulk
5 E |U >^ and loaded In chrlls. Srnd
£ 8 B iB C at for <~»talorue of rportlnc
*& B B \tff eoods. GEO. V?. SHUEVE,
<» Market ttreet.
D. W. SMITH.
Weak and - unhealthy kidneys are re-
sponsible for more sickness and suffering
than any other disease, and if permitted
to continue fatal results are sure to fol-
low.
Mrs. II. X. Wheeler of 11? HIch Roc* St..
Lynn. Mass.. -write* on Nov. 2. I90fl: "About
13 months a?o I had a very severe «F*H of
sickness. I was extremely sick for thre*
weeks, and when I finally was able to leav*
my bed I was left with excruciating pains in
my back. My water at times looked very Hk»
coffee. I could pars but little nt a time, and
then only after suffering (treat pain. My phys-
ical condition was such that I had no strength
end was all run down.
The «loctoi— said my
kidneys were net affected, and while I
Did Not Know I Had Kidney Trouble.
I somehow felt certain my kidney* were th»
<-at*«» of my trouble. My sister. Mrsu C. E.
I.!ttl«>neld of I.ynn. advised me to k1t» Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Hoot a trial. I procured a
iottl<* and Inside of three days commenced to
jjet relief. I followed up that bottle — -ltd
another, and at -the completion of this on*
found I was completely cured. My strenstl*
returned, and to-day I am as tv ell as ever.
>!y business la that cf canvasser. I «m (fcl
my feet n srreat deal of the time and have t»
use much enerirv in getting around. My cur«
ia. therefore, all the ir.ore remarkable, and Is
exceedingly gratifying to rap."
MRS. II. N. WHEELER.
Swamp-Root will do just as much for
any housewife whose back Is too weak to
perform her necessary -work, who Is al-
wavs tired and overwrought, who feels
that- the cares of life are more than she
can stand. It Is a boon to the weak and
ailing?
sleeplessness, nervousness, heart disturb-
ance due to bad kidney trouble, skin erup-
tions from bad blood, neuralgia, rheuma-
tism. 'diabetes, bloating, irritability, worn-
out feellnsr. lack of ambition, loss of
fl*»s<h, sal'.ow complexion, or Eright's dis-
ease.
If your water, when allowed to rerraln
undisturbed In a glass or bcttle for twen-
ty-four hours, fcrms a sediment or set-
tling or has a cloudy appearance. It Is evi-
dence that your kidneys and bladder need
immediate attention
Swamp-Root Is r>lea.«ant to ta_6 and Is
for sale the world over at drutrfrlsts In
I bottles cf two sizf-s and two prices— fifrv
. cnts and ono dollar. Kempmbfr th«
• wmo, Swamn-Poot, and the address,
, Bir.ghair iton. X. Y.
he slightest symptom* of klclner. llvor
>f it In your family history. s?>nd at nnc«»
. who will gladly scnil vou by mall, imrm*-
tle of Swamp-Root and a book rontr.lnlr-
>f testimonial letters received from men
¦n writinsr. be sure to nay that you read
n-tiv Can.
MRS. .H. N. WHEELER.
9amnlp Th e mild and immediate
V/r rffec t of °r- Kilmer's
DOttlS Swamp-Root. the great
i— kidnev. liver and bladder
r Fee. remedy. Is soon realized. It
stands the highest for Its wonderful cures
of the most distressing cases. Swamp-
Root will set your whole system right,
and the best proof of this Is a trial.
You may have a sample bottle of this
famous kidney remedy, Swamp-Root, sent
free by mall, postpaid, bjr which you may
teM It's wonderful curative properties for
such disorders as kidney, bladder and urif
acid diseases, poor digestion, ¦when obliged
to pass your water frequently night ami
day. smarting or irritation In passing,
brick-dust or sediment in the urine, head-
ache, backache, lame back, dizziness.
EO/ronrAt KOTir:F-—lt you have t
or bladder trouble, or If there !.« a trace o
to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton. N. Y.,
dlately, without cost to you. a sample bot
many of the thousands upon thousands o
and women cured by Swamp-Root. Whe
this generous offer In the San FrancNco
Because if Kidney Trouble Is Permitted to Con-
tinue Fatal Results Are Sure to Follow.
YOU SflOUlD NOT
NEGLECT YOUR KIDNEYS
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
1 our other organs may need attention-
cut your kidneys moat, because they do
most and n«ed attention first.
So when your kidneys are weak or out
of order you can understand how quickly
your entire body is affected, and how ev-
ery organ seems to fall to do its duty.
If you are sick or "feel badly." begin
taking Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the
great kidney., liver and bladder remedy,
because ns soon as your kidneys #re well
they will help all the other organs to
health. A trial will convince any one.
Among: the many cures of this wonderful
medicine. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root. Investi-
gated by The Call, the ones which we publish
this. week for the benefit of our readers speak
in the highest terms of the wonderful cura-
tive properties of this irreat remedy:
DES MOINES. Ia.. Oct. 20, TOO.
"I had been out of health for a long time.
and I was taking medicine from a doctor's
prescription when I received your sample bot-
tle. I stopped taking the doctor's raMioln^
and used th« sample bottle of Swamj>-Ro«n. I
alter— 'ard took two of your large bottles,
bought at my 'drug store, and they cured .me
ei-ttrely. and have not felt so well for years.
I thank you very much for tending me the
scmple bottle." •
• D. W. SMITH. 1S21 Center St.The strain? «f a "ragtime" march her
alded the approach of the procession, and
the pight which followed was well worth
puing; many miles to see. First came the
orchestra, cla<l In yellow dominos. march
ing In Ftatoly step and followed by the
herald, jester and counselor, who preceded
the Prince and his? Queen, attended by
two pag-o«=. In brave array followed the
gorgeous retinue and the dancers. Slowly
and befitting the occasion, the procession
wended its way through the main hall
via an anteroom into the Mary Searles
gallery. At each end of the gallery boxes
had been erected, and on one side of the
larjre room was the throne for the Prince
and his Queen.
Khtering the gallery, the procession
made the circuit of the room, and the
Prince bravely led his Queen to her
throne. The dancers grouped themselves
around the room, leaving the center of the
floor clear. At a signal from the Prince
trumpets sounded and the herald thrice
proclaimed Filcr.ce. Then to the strains
of the orchestra the herald in musical
tones told of the approach of the carnival
peason and the rule of the Prince. That
potentate also told of his power In the
language of song and commanded all
present to throw dull care away and enjoy
the fleeting hours.
"Raising his scepter, the Prince pro
claimed loudly "On with the dance," and
the monotone of the brass orchestra gave
way to the dreamy strains of a Strauss
waltz. Colored electric lights flashed
from the corners cf the gallery on the
group of dancers and the gayly clad mass
broke from its Ferried ranks Into whirling
couples. The scene at that instant was
a striking one. It looked as if a rainbow
had been broken into particles and flung
all over the floor of the gallery. The
ebimmering silks and patlns of the worn
en, the sparkle of gems, velvety hair and
rnowy arms and necks, Etood In bold re
lief from the background formed by the
dress suits of the majority of the men.
Prince and His Queen Are Lei
1)3 Herald, Jester and
tbe Counselor.
GAY PROCESSION
POURS INTO VIEW
As the trumpets echoed through the
Institute the dancers, guided by the re
ception committee, assembled In the an
nex to the main hall.
Previous to the grand march the ladles
and their escorts spent the time In prome
nading and in conversation. The majorlty
of the ladies were In costume and masked,
but very few of the sterner Eex appeared
in costume. The conventional black dress
fruit was In evidence In all parts of the
hulid!ng and served to heighten the color
tfTects of the fancy dresses of the fair
eex.
The main hall was decorated with Chi
nese and Japanese lanterns and festooned
with streamers of evergreen and eatln
ribbons. The Mary Searles gallery was a
veritable bower of fairyland, and It was
In this apartment that the Prince opened
his court.
m^^^ IND and rain
(S^^I without, fairyland
within. This lat
ter phrase de
scribes the Mardi
Vy Gras bal masque
** \r siven last even-
Ing by the Ban
Francisco Art As-
Foclatlon at the Mark Hopkins Institute
on California street. The many hundreds
of society's representatives who passed
Into the portals of the art Institute wlt
r.eFFPd a scene which savored of the mid
dle apes. Ourtly men and beautiful wo
men, arrayed in porseous dress, mingled
In the mazy whirl of the dance; grrand
dames nodded approvingly from the boxes
and the ppirit of revelry held full sway.
The dancers were late in arriving at the
ball and though the time *«t for the grand
march was 10 o"clock. It was fully half
an hour later ere the fanfare of trumpets
summoned the guests to take part in the
entry of the Prince of the Carnival, his
Queen and court.
The main hall of the institute and the
Mary Francis Searles gallery were used
for dancing:, many other rooms were fitted
up as coiy nooks for resting- between the
fiance numbers, while supper was served
In the large rooms In the. basement of the
building.
Qorgeovis QoWr\s
Greate Most
Striking
• Scene.
SPIRIT OF THE CARNIVAL
Maskers Engage
ir\ a WKirlirxg
Maze of
Darvce.
Institute Mardl Gras balls have more
elegant costumes been seen on the floor
than those which graced, the ballroom
during the merry dance last evening.
More dancers elected to come in costumo
thaa before, and th» costumes worn were
both elegant and original. There wero
Jewels galore and old laces and rich
fabrics, and the scene In the ball
room when all the* exquisitely attired
guests wer© assembled was dazzllngly pic
turesque.
Some of the most attractive costumes
worn last evening are herewith appended:
Mlsa J. I. Taylor won m splendid bra*
spansled r°wa finished with a lac» yoks. A
whits domino concealed the cown until th*
time cam* for removing th» mask.
Mrs. Robert "W. Benin -was attired la plni
chiffon, trimmed with black velvet. The jup*
was made en train and th« conase cat low
and finished with a spray or pink roses.
Mrs. M. A. Cachot wore a TeBow domtno
arvr a bin* striped slix evening towa elab
orately trimmed with point lace.
Mrs. L* Therke!sea waa attired la a rtry
elegant manv* satin evening; gown, th* 6ecol
l«tt* ccrsa«» of -whlca, was outlined wltli a
berth* of point lace. A bine domlsa waa
worn over the rowa tha greater part e£ tii*
eveatcs.
Mls» O*CaHag%aa wore an arttatlo cswa of
the period of 1813. It wax of striped amatbTYt
and lavender satin and trimmed with old lac*.
Mrs. 'Wlnthrop El Lester waa attired la •
gown of whits spangled chiffon. It wm made
en train, the corsaca waa cut lonr and ftnlihit
with old rose point.
Mrs. William Clu2 wore » black apasried
tulle cown. Strings of coral wer* round hey
neck and pink roeea on th* corsage and In the
hair. • "
Mrs. Rithet wore an elegant sows of old ten
•atln, elaborately trimmed with point lac«>
Mlsa Anna, Voorhlea had a pink domino whleU
¦was worn over a. white dotted silk gown. Tne>
Jupe waa en train and finished oft with floaaeea
of chlffan, A apanfled bolero trimmed th*
'corsage.
Miss Lacy King wore a dainty white baby
gown of sheerest lawn and trimmed wttn lace,
A pink domino was worn part o£ the evening;
over the gown.
Mra. H. O. Ward vu aa attractive "warp"
In yellow satin and black.
Miss Hltnet wore an elegant white gown
trimmed with red roses.
Mlsa Sawyer was an attractive red poppy.
A short CufCy skirt was covered with the
brilliant bloesoma. and the loir cut bodice waa
finished with a apray of popples. Her hat waa
composed entirely of red popples.
Miss Edith Simpson wore a white evenlcg
gown elaborately trimmed with silver spangles.
Mrs. W. O. Irwln waa In a pink and white
pompadour gown. The bodice and panlers were
fashioned of exquisite pink and white brocade.
The skirt was of white silk. A large picture
hat with bunches of great pink roses finished
oft th* costume.
Mrs. Burnham wore a red crepe evening
gtwn trimmed with red roses.
Mra. Washington Dodge wore a blue domino
over an elegant white silk and chiffon evening
gown.
Miss Demmlng was dressed like the Duchess
of Devonshire. In aa elegant red and white
ctrlped satin.
Mlsa Ruth McXatt, wore a, pink and blue
lr.croyable.
Mrs. W. II. Dttnp&y was attired In an eje
gant spangled white tall* mv»ntng gown, made
en train and the corsage decollete.
Mrs. tV. H. Irwln waa a Roman peasant, la
picturesque red and white striped gown.
Mra. Horace Chase wore a white lace gown,
embroidered in gold. The corsage was cut
low and the skirt waa made en train.
Miss Rowena Burns waa a Japanese maiden.
In an elegant pink embroidered kimono.
Mrs. J. E. Page wore aa evening gown of
white satin trimmed with some rare old lac*.
Mrs. Robert Herbert waa a stunning Twen
tieth Century belle. In a pink flounce chiffon
gown, and a big pink bat trimmed with loaei
completed her effective costume,
Mlsa Kathertse Stone of Santa Barbara, was
a pretty Spanish girl la black lac* over re<t
satin. ! i
Miss Maud Manias was a country Khoolgtrl
with a gingham gown, white pinafore ana
gingham aonbonaet.
Mlsa Florence Ives was a stunning black
bird, la a startling black satla gown wlU*
a big blackbird perched oa the left shoulder.
The corsage was studded with many diamond
ornaments. A three-cornered hat. with black
bird and Jet ornaments, completed the attrao*
tlvo costume.
Mlsa Essie Wise waa a Twentieth Century
belle In an attractive red crepe gown; tb* Ion*
skirt was made clinging anil trimmed with,
many flounces; the corsage was cut low and,
finished with lace. A black picture hat was
worn with th* costume. .-• »'
1 Mrs. Charles S. Wheeler wore aa exqntstta>
gown of black crepe.. The corsage was trim*
med with blue panne velvet and Duchess lace.
Miss Cluft waa an Egyptian princess, A
black satin gown embroidered la red and blue
and gold. /-•- '
Miss Viola Rogers made aa attractive DUaa
In a green eatln costume embroidered, la gold
and Jewels.
Mrs. George Gale wore aa exquisite black
net evening gown over a foundation of whlta
silk. A dog collar of pearls was the only or
nament worn.
Mlse Evelyn McCormick waa aa attractive
folly In short black satla skirt, decollete .cor»
¦age trimmed with silver strips and bells.
Mrs. George Talent wore an early ante-beU
lum fowo mad* of pink brocade and trimmed
with clusters of pink roses.
Miss Elena Robinson was attired in a pretty
pink chiffon gown trimmed with accordloa
pleated flounces and baby ribbon.
Mlsa Katherlne M. Ball was Mrs. An Sin*
with an exquisitely embroidered blue Chines*
gowa.
Miss Ida May Roberts made a very attrac
tive Chinese bride In an elegant orange iaA
blue embroidered Chinese dress.
Miss Maud Howard represented Madame Ro
land In an elegant white satin brocaded gown.
An immense red velvet hat with nodding plnlc
phimes was worn with costume.
Miss Helen Shatter was an attractive Gypsy
la a red and yellow gown elaborately trimmed'
with coins.
Miss Laura McKlnstry wore an attractive
Watteau gown of pink and blue brocade. X
blue hat with pink plumes completed the
costume..
Miss Daisy Sabln wore a dainty evening
gown of blue moussellne de sole. A white
domino was worn over this gown until "supper
time.
Miss Ml'a Lally represented Madame Pompa
dour. Her gown was of blue brocaded silk
made over a skirt of white satin.
Mrs. A. IT. Barendt vai an attractive queen,
the Queen of Flowers. A redlngote of pink
brocade was worn over a pink satin skirt. A
bertha of tulle finished off th; neck. A bis
tat. coquettlshly tilted to one side and colored
with brilliant field Bowers and roses, com
pleted the picturesque costume. Mrs. Darendt
wore a powdered wig and carried an Immense
bunch of Bowers- tied with varl-colored rlbbona.
Mrs. Ida Lee" Spencer was a Spanish lady la
an elegant gown of yellow silk elaborately
draped with black lace.
Miss Alice Moore and Mrs. VT. E. Finch were
the Katxenjammer twins. They wore paper
costumes, brilliantly colored and covered wlta
pictures of the frolicsome twins.
Mrs H- O Parker waa a French, flower girl
In a flowered blue dimity trimmed with lace
and garlands of flowers.
Mrs. S.fB. Gamble repreiented a Spanish lady
attired In a white and silver brocade. A lace
mantilla which hung frcm a magnificent shell
comb made a picturesque coiffure.
Mrs. J. B- Schroeder was a blackbird In a
yellow silk gown trimmed with lace and with
blackbirds outlining the low cut bodice.
Mrs. J. A. Code was the Queen of the Night
In a black tulle clinging gown studded wlta
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1901.
O. B. Lewis, Carle Lenners, Wlnthrop E.
Lester,. John Lawson, C. G. Lyman; < Herbert
C Long, C' B. Lamont. Charles P. : Lane,* Paul
O. Lane, W. ; H. Leahy, Oscar F. Long, A. L.
Langerman. ,. ' . , Paul Lotz, ' Enrique de
Laveaga," Mrs. C. G. Lyman, Mrs.
Wtnthrop. E. Lester, : Mlsa Loewen, Miss Lena
Lee wen, Miss Isabella Lathrop, Misa 'Anna-
Miss Lucy King. Miss Ruth ' Klrkpatrlck,
Mrs. J. Kruttschnltt, Miss Mary B. Kip. Mrs.
A. B. Kauts, Miss Frankle Kautz, Miss Moano
Kautz. Miss Knapp. Arthur E.'-Kavanaugh,
Captain Krautoff, J. Kruttschnltt, Joseph L.
King Jr. •' ¦""- .
MIsb Florence "Josselyn, Clinton P. Jones,
Frank C. Jones, Sydney Joseph, Judge K.
Jackson, George A. James.
Mrs. William Irwln, Miss Florence Ives.
Charles P.- Hubbard. Ensign A. J. Hepburn.
George B. Huie. R. A. Holeomb. E. N. Hule.
Curtis Hillyer. Dr. Holbroolf, Julian Hart. H.
AV. Hfggins. Jerome Hart, John Hurd, Morgan
H. Hill. Walter S. Hobart. F. J. Hunt. E. J.
Hlllr Gordon Hall. J. F. Houghton, Stephen E.
Hartnett. H. J. Hcchtman, C. O. Hooker,
Charles K. Harley, Downey J. Harvey,
Edward P. Hal*>n. Horace L. Hill, A. C. Hill
man, E. W. Hopkins, Mrs. F. J. Hunt, Mrs.
Jerome Hart. Mrs. Robert Herbert. Mrs. John
Kurd,' "Miss F. 8. Hopkins. Miss Margaret
Hurley. Miss Gertrude Hurley, Miss Head.
Miss Marlon Harrison, MUs Houghton, Mrs.
H. H. Halght, Mrs. J. Downey Harvey.' MUs
Maud Howard, Miss Hellman, Miss G. N\
Hosklns, Mrs. Horace Hill. Miss Alice Hager.
M1f8 Ethel Hager. MIes Georgiana Hopkins,
Miss Olive Holbrook. Mrs. Lester Herrlck,
Lester ; Herrick. Mrs. C. O. Hooker. Harry D.
Hawkes, Miss Louise Hoffacker, Miss Sophia
Hutching*.
Mrs. T. Carey P*rledlarider, , Mrs. Frank,
Chrlstlon Froellch.
Mrs. Mary-GalUn. Mrs. Henrj* Graj-. Mrs.
Louis Glass! Misa Grace Gilbert. Mrs. J. D.
Grant, Mrs. George Gal^. Miss Gibbons. Miss
Margey Gibbons, Miss Kate Gunne, Mrs. W.
Graham, Mrs. John Gibbon, Mrs. Adam Grant.
Donald de V. Graham. Henry Gray. Enrique
Grau. Frank J. Grace. Adam Grant,' I<\
Grople, Louis Glass. Walter Gibson. Dr. S. J.
Gardner, W. Graham, Henry Gibbons Jr., H.
D. Gage, Lieutenant J. P. Grldlcy. Major" R.
J. Gibson.
Mrs. Irving M. Scott, Mrs. Reginald Smith,
Miss Cora | Smedberg, | Mrs. Monroe | Salisbury,
Miss Margaret Salisbury, Mrs. Henry T. .Scott,
Judge E. W. : Ross, John Reynolds, B. ' Ran
som. A: Roseniihlne. John , H. | Rossetter. Gas
ton E. Roxjssey. Miss Julia Reed. ; Miss • Elta
Rohlfts, Miss Jessie W. R6bsoh. Mrs. ;E. M.
Ross. Mrs. R. P. Rlthet.">Mlss Gertrude Rithet.
Miss Rosenshtne,^ Miss ¦ Catherine Redmond.
Mrs. James * Robinson, , Miss Elena Robinson.
Miss Bernadette Robinson. Mrs. R. -M. Rob
erts. ¦ ' "^:vV"->'.'i.; :¦
J. M. Quay.
Thomas. O'Callahan, Herman Oelrlchs, Em
mett M. CTBrlen, K. P. Oliver.. V. A. O'Nell,
Robert Oxriard, Frank Owen, Lloyd Osborna.
Miss Marie Oge. Miss Annft O'Callahan." Miss
M. O'Cailahan. Mrs. B. P. Oliver, Mrs. Robert
Oxnard, W.W., O'Connor.
Mrs. Ira : W. Pierce, Miss Sophia " Pierce,
James D. Phelan, Miss Page, Miss Pryor, Mrs.'
Ro*Tt E.; Pierce. Hal C Patera. H. D. Pills
bury, Sidney I Prlngle, Ray Pike, Horace -G.
Platt i Arthur Page. CO. Pratt, Comte Po
dowskl. E. H. Plerson. H; R. Platte. Dr. John
PaBe>. J. H. Polhemus, E. L. Parker, Mrs. II.
D. Plllr.bury. . .; .
Mrs. H. H. Noble, Miss Xoble, II. H. Noble.
belle Lee. Miss GoorgJe'Lacy, Mrs. P. O. Lone,
Miss M. S. Lovell, Mrs. Oscar F. Long, Mrs.'
Charles B. Lane.
Mrs. D. T. Murphy, Mrs. Alberto Marquis,
Mra. Margaret Irvine, Mrs. W. G. Morrow,
Mrs. Howard Morrow, Miss Ella Morgan; Miss
Therese Morgan, Miss Alyce Moore, 'Mrs. Elea
nor Martin", Mrs. James F. Merrill, Mrs. Bever
ly MacMonagle, Miss Morrison, Miss Fannie
Morrison, Mrs. G. W. Macfarlane, . Miss Kate
McCurley, Mtss.Maud Mulllns, Mrs. W. Mall
lard, Mrs. Marvin P. Maus, Mrs. Josephine
Mahe. Mrs. Laura McKlnatry, Miss Mattie Mc-
Cormlck. Frederick W. McNear, . George T.
Marye Jr.. H. R. MUHar, Daniel R. Morgan.
Knox Maddox. W. A. McKean, Dr. It. -A. Mc-
Lean, D. T. Murphy, Edwin McAfee, James
McNab, R. F. Morrow, W. G. Morrow, ' Dr.
Howard Morrow, Peter Martin. John. F.; Mer
rill, Dr. Victor Means, Colonel G." W. Mac
farlane, H. C. Melone, Lansing Mlzner. Cap
tain B. Ci Morse, Captain W. H. McKlttrlck.
E. L. McCormick. C. K. Mclntosh. Dr. Beverly
MacMonagle, Captain Charles E. Miller, A.
Miller. .•:... • . <<^:''i
Never before In the history of the Art
COSTUMES MARKED
WITH ORIGINALITY
Mrs. . A. Van Voorhlcis Miss Gertrude Van
Wyck. Miss Edna Van Wyck, Baron Lee von
Rosenberg, Lawrence Van Winkle, R. C. Van
Vleet.
Mrs. R. J. Woods. Mrs. Chauneey R. Wins
low, Miss Florence Wade, Mrs. Cyrus Walker.
Mrs. Clinton E. Wor,d«n. Mrs. James K. Wil
son. Miss Marie Wil=on. Mrs. D. if. Walter,
Mrs. Cullen F. Welty, Mrs. George^ R. Wells,
Miss Marie Wells, Horace Wilson, Clinton E.
Worden, R. J. Woods. Chauneey R. Wlnalow
William F. Wood. John P. Waller. Allen
Wright, Lieutenant Eugene T. Wilson, Dr.
Charles F. Welty, Harold C. Ward, J. K.
Wilson, Leslie. A. Wright, Elmar Wlsmer, J.
C. Waterman.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick W. Zelle.
Ferdinand Toklns. Mrs. A. N. Town*. Mrs.
G. P. Tallant. Mm. August Taylor. Mrs. Al
fred S. Tubbs. Mra. Charles It. Taylor. Mri.
James P. Taylor. Mr*. W. -W. Towne. Miss
Toklas, Mrs. Amy N. Talbot. Miss , Motile
Thomas, Mrs. L. Thtrkelson. Alfred 8. Tubta.
Philip W r . Tompklns. General Charles Taylor.
Augustus Taylor. .Georg* Payne Tallant. En
sign W. D. ToUd. Earl Talbot, Julian Thome,
George Turner.
Miss Mary Scott, Miss Maria Stone. Miss
Leona Stone, Miss Helen Shaf ter. Miss Kather-
Ine Stowe, Miss Sawyer. Mrs. E. C. Simmons.
Mrs. John I. Sabtn, Mrs. A. M. Simpson. Miss
Edith Slmoson. Miss Jessie Simpson. Mrs. C.
Sawtelle. Mr.' and Mra. J. B. Schroeder. Mlsa
Lllllo Spreckels, Mrs. Fred Struve. William"
Sanborn, Lawrence Irving Scctt. Irving M.
Scott, Dr. R. K. Smith. Henry 8cott. Henry
T. Sc'ott. Stephen Schultxe. Whitman Symmes.
Colonel George Stone. TV. B. Sanborn, Marshal
Shackelford, John I. Sabln, Grant Self ridge.
Major General William R. Shatter. E. H.
Sheldon.' J. D. Spreckels Jr.. Captain C. O.
Sawtelle. Mrs. M. Sims. A. M. Simpson. Edgar
M. Simpson, James. P. Sweeney, Roscow Spear,
Mrs. Sawyer, Samuel W. Stowe. Mrs. Benlto
Forbes Smith. ¦ Mrs. Grant Selfrldce. Walter
H. Scott.
regal looking women were the partners of
soldiers' and sailors. ; •• ¦ ¦
Are Not Aboye Noticing
ROYALTY DANCES s
WITH SUBJECTS
Goroeouslu Arraued Monarchs
.Common Throng,
The gorgeously arrayed prince and
queen danced with the humblest of their
subjects, and for hours the joyous gath
ering "danced the fleeting hours away." *
Refreshments were served during the
evening, and_ at midnight the supper
rooms were thrown open. It was not until
an early hour this morning that the laVt
of the dancers departed. At midnight all
masks were discarded, and ,roany of the
ladies who had worn dominoes put them
aside and appeared In exquisite creations
of the milliner's art.
From start to finish the Mardl Gras bal
masque was a complete success, and In
the opinion of those who participated it
was by far the most enjoyable of any
ever given by the Art Association.
PRINCE CARNIVAL'S
GOODLY. COMPANY
Maids and Matrons, Bachelors
and Benedicts Who Were [
at the Festival.
Among those present were:
Box A, Robert Oxnard; hox B, Henry T.
Scott: box C. Jamen W." Byrne; box D, Clinton
E. Wordon; box E. D. F. Murphy; box F. Rob
ert F. Morrow: box G, William B. Brown; box
H, James G. Phelan; box I, JoseDh D. Grant;
box J. Irving M. Scott; box K. Mrs. Eleanor
Martin: box L, Mr*. Cyrus Walker. ?
Miss Mabel .Andrews, Miss Elizabeth Ames.
Dr. and Mrs. J. D. Arnold, Worthlngton Ames,
Frank Ames, Captain L. Ahlborn, D. Anderson
Wakefleld Baker. Robert Bruce. C. Bossl.Guy
B. Bnrham. William B. Bourn, Dr. Roy K. Bel
den, H. B. Berkley, E. L. Bratton, Milton A.
Breamer. Martin J. Burke/ Bamuel G. Buckbec,
S. H. Boardraan. Philip Iinckus, Everett N.
Bee. \V. J. Bartnctt. W. F. Bowers, Truxton
Beale, William V. Bryan. Lloyd Tev la Breck
enridge, T. Bishop, Dr. John M. Brlster, T. B.
Boardman. Albert A. Bennett, Mrs. A'. M.
Buck, Mrs. W. B. Bourn, Mrs. F. 8r Barnard,
Miss Melita Bennett. Miss R. Burns, Mrs, Rob
ert Bruce. Miss Bertie Bruce, Miss Edith Bull,"
Mrs. Wakefield Baker. Miss Jennie. Blair,: Miss
Dorah Bonson, Mrs. 8. G. Buckbee, Mrs. L.' B.
Baldwin, Miss Effle Brown, 'Miss Barnett, Mrs.
Bood, Samuel Blair, F. S. - Barnard, James M.
Byrne. . - ... • •
Miss Caro Crockett. Miss Alice Cohn, Miss
May Crowell, Mfs.-H. G. Clarke. Miss Cable,
Mrs.. Warren D. Clarke, Mrs. William Cluff,
Mlsg Chin*. James A. Clover, Mrs. Dr. Cachbt.
Mrs. H. B. Chase. Mrs. William H. Crocker,
Mr«. George C. Carr, Mies j Sophie Coleraan,
Lieutenant C. C. Collins. Herman Cohn, C. O.
Cambron. A. Chesebrough, John Cunningham,
H. W. Crowell, W. J. Cotton, H. B. Chase.
William II. Crocker, John N. Kerrigan, Clar
ence Kerrigan, J. A. Clover,: Dr. W. B.-Coffey.
John Caftrey. Dr. J. R. Clarke, A. B. Costlgan,
James" A. Code. . William BY, Collier, William
Clutf, Dupont Coleman, Warren ' D. Clarke.*
W. H. Dunphy, Charles „ Dunphy, Robert
Dunphy. Captain H. CL Davis, Harrison' A.'
Da Hon. i\V. H. Doherty, Joseph A." Donohoe,
Miss Lola' Davis. Mrs. W. S. : Duval, Miss
Catherine Duval, Mrs. W., H. Dunphy, Miss
Flerenee Denalng, ' Mrs. Joseph . A. Donohoe,
W. . E. i Dean. . .
Lieutenant Lloyd England. JosepJi'O. East
land. O. B. Eastland. Noble H. Eaton. "•'
: . George It. Field. R." H. Fowler. J. H. Follls.
W. E. Finch. C. Q. Follls. T. C. SViedlander,'
Mies Firth. Mrs. J. H. Follis, ..." Mr». It. H.
Fowler, Miss Grace F«rn, Mrs. W. E. Finch,
DAINTILY GOWNED BEAUTIES AND CAVALIERS IN COSTUMES QUAINT SWAY TO MUSIC- OF CARNIVAL WALTZ.
The colored f-ie<~tric lights wcro caugrht
at a thousand points and reflected In
eparkMng flashes. "On with the dance,
let Joy be unconftncd," was the motto of
all present, and a merrier throng never
gathered together in this city of the Gold
en Gate.
While there was not a remarkable va
riety of fancy dress, the quantity was
more than compensated for by the quality.
In one corner of the gallery an eye wit
ness could see a group of "colored girls"
enacted by well-known society ladles.
Here was. "La Tosca" to the life, with
broad-brimmed hat. long walking staff
atid huge bunch of flowers, dancing with
a prominent politician who wore the
"pink" hunting coat prescribed for Eng
lish huntsmen. •
The meny jester cut his capers among
the crowd of dancers and his faithful dog
•was a source o? amusement. The jefcter
declined to disclose the identity of the
dog, but told inquirers that it belonged to.
Miss Tui and that the animal's name for
the evening was "Laddie."
Gliding gracerully over the floor was a
you.ig laOy dressed as a poppy. Kot a
particle of her costume but was a brilliant
red. Poppies v. tre fastened over the red
material, and her rich auburn hair was
crowned by a hrt made of the pretty flow
ers. Another charming effect Was a dress
of violets. Thousands of the fragrant
buds were draped over a dress of violet
hue. A ragged looking tramp, was the
vis-a-vis of a stately looking lady, who
was dressed as a court. darno of the fif
teenth century. China' and France were
on good terms, for a demure little Nor
mandy maid clung to a stalwart Chinese
as he piloted her through the crowd of
dancers. Columbine was also there, and
Pierrot was not far away. Army and navy
officers danced with "coon girls," and
."La Tosca," True to Lire,
Dances With Politician In
a Hunting Suit.
ALL SORTS MINGLE
IN BRIGHT THRONG
4the ball:
• Carnival Court— The Prince, Charles J. Dick
man: the Queen. Mrs. Arthur Barendt: Herald.
Thomas Rlckard; Jester, L. McKlnnon; attend
ants—Thomas V. Balewell, Harry Halght.
Clarence T. "Wendell. W. B. Hopkins. C. H.
Lamberton, Burbajik Somers. C. K. Field, T.
Findlay, Dr. Carlton, E. E.. Simmons, H. P.
Veeder.
r Executive Committee — James W." Byrne. Wil
liam G. Stafford, Henry Heyman, W. B. Bourn.
'Horace G. Platt, Clinton E. Worden, L. P.
Latimer, Willis E. Davis. James D. Phelan.
and yellow blossoms. The decollete corsage
was finished with a bertha of duchess lace.
A large pink hat with -pink plumes was 'worn
with --the costume. Miss Ethel Hager' s sec
ond gown . represented the Victorian era early
in the nineteenth century. It was of pink and
white satin trimmed with lace. A poke, bon
net was worn with this costume. .
SUCCESS OF BALL
;•.:;. IS. DUE.T0 THESE
Trie following named were In charge of
Loyal Circle's Hospitality.
Loyal Circle^ Companions of Forest, A. O.
F.. at its meeting Monday night summoned
Past Grand Chief Companions John Fal
coner and M. Boehra to appear before the
station of the chief companion, and when
they presented themselves each was.
through Mrs. Tackley. D. D. G. C. C
en behalf of the circle, presented a sou
venir in appreciation of the many ser
vices they have rendered the circle at va
rious times. The first named received a
fine silver berry spoon and the last named
a silver fish knife. Then they, together
with Mrs. Mary E. Falconer. G. C. C ,
were the guests of honor at a banquet.
Irving Xf. Scott, Joseph P. Grant.
Committee en Decoration— William O. Staf*
ford. L. P. Lat!mer.
Committee en Music — Henry Ilpyman.
Floor Committee — Edward M. Greenway,
Colonel Walter S. Martin; Lieutenant J. P.
Halns, U. S. A.; Edaer D. Peixotto, Frank B.
Kin?. Harry N. Stetson; Lieutenant Colonel
Marlon P. Mass. V. S. A.; John M. Platt.
Wlllard N. Drown, R. McXee Duperu. Percy
L. King; Ensign C. R. Miller. U. S. N*.; La
tham McMulIln. Gerald L. Rathbone, Theodora
Wores.
Reception Committee — William Alford. 'Wil
liam Babcock. Charles Bundichu, Francis J.
Carolan. W. H. Crocker. Horace Davis, Dr.
Benjamin Id» Wh««ler. W. E. Dean. Joseph A.
Donchoe. Louis G«rstle, J. Downey Harvey.
Major General W. R. Shatter, U. S. A.: M. K-
Hecht, Horace L. Hill, E. W. Hopilns. Charles
Josselyn, Hugh Tevis, T. C. Van Ness, Fred
erick W. Zeile. Julius Kruttschnttt. W. B.
Lester. A. F. Mathewa. E. O. MeCormlck. Her.
mans Oelrtchs. Robert Oxnard. Dr. David S.
Jordan. Major J. L. Rathbone. John I. Sabln.
Henry T. Scott. Rear Admiral Merrill Millers
U. 9. X.: J. C. Stubbs. John A. Stanion. John,
I>. Soreckelj. Rudolph Spreckels. "William. S.
Tevls, Joseph S. Tobln.
EAGLES SPENT> JOLLY
NIGHT AT THE TTVOLI
Even* Eagle In San Francisco flew to
ward the Tlvoll Opera-house last night.
and as a result the pretty theater had a
big collection of "hot birds" within, lu
doors. Eagles occupied the boxes, tha
main floor and the gallery, and there were
plenty of "blrd3" on the stage. The occa
sion of this collection In one "aerie"" was
the benefit performance for San Francisco
Aerie No. 1. assisted by the members of
Golden Gate Aerie. The "Wizard of the
Nile" was given by tho Tlvolt troupe and
never before In the history of the organi
zation has such a successful performance
been given.
From the time of the Inundation until
the "wlz" eav»J3 the lives of those sealed
up In the king's pyramid the performers
took every opportunity to ir.dulgo In wit
ticisms at the expense of the assembled
Eagles, and the sallies In every case were
provocative of great applause and yells of
approval.
Hartman was at his best, but his pow
ers a3 a wizard failed when be tried to
determine whether Harry Brennan or
"Hot Air" Kelly was entitled to win a
prize in a beauty show. During the en
tire performance the audience was con
vnlsed with laughter, and many of tha
prominent members of the order left the
theater satisfied that they had received
In the way of Joshes all that was coming
to them.
The following committee of arrange
ments had charge of the benefit: Ed L.
Head, Charles Xagle, Henry Kuhla, Don
nelly, Flelschmann. Bates and Berger.
For |*1ar\\j J-iovirs
Jovj ar\d F\m
Supremely
* WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY, 20.
TO SAIL.
Violators of . Game Laws Caught.
.The Fish Commission is congratulating
Itself over, the breaking -up. of a- gang
of fishermen who have been operating Il
legally for; some time on Ten Mile and
Noyo rivers,' in Mendoclno County. They
Barg« Santa Paula, McGovern. 52 hours from
San Pedro, in tow of tug Rescue.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, February 19. •
Stmr Queen. Thomas, San Dleso; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Roanoke. Weaver, Panama; Panama R
R A S S Line.
Jap Btmr Nlpron Maru, Greene, Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu; W H A very.
Br stmr Wyefleld, Gow. Manila; U S Gov
ernment.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Chemainus; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Ger bark J C Glade. Stege, Valparaiso; G W
McNear.
SAILED.
, Tuesday, February 19.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopandcr, San Pedro.
.Stmr Alliance. Hardwtck. Portland. •"- ¦'•¦¦
Stmr San Pedro. Johnson. . Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia, "VVlnkel." .
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond: Chemainus.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru, Green, Hongkong
and way ports.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Snrenson, Port Gambl*.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SPOKEN. '
Jan 19. lat 20 S, Ion 35 W— Br ship Eurasia,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco. -
Feb S. lat 48 N. ion 28 W— Br ship Klnross
rhlre. hence Sept 1, for Hull. -
Feb 14, lat 50 N. Ion 13 W— Br bark Aus
tralia, from Portland, for Queenstown.
Per Bchr Comet, at Ballard— Feb 9. off Point
Harford. Ger ship Otto Glldermeister, from
Yokohama, for San Francisco.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 19. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SK, velocity 30 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Feb 19— Schr Novelty,
for San Francisco. •
PORT GAM BLR- Arrived Feb 13— Schr Maria
E Smith, from Hllo.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Inward Feb 19—
Br stmr Pine Suey, from Vladivostok.
Arrived Feb 19— Schr A M Baxter, from
Honolulu. ¦
COOS BAY-Salled Feb 19— Schr Mary E
Rups, for San Francisco.
KAILUA — Arrived Feb 3— Schr Queen, from
Port Gamble.
KAANAPALI— Arrived Van 20-Shlp Star of
Russia, from Seattle. 1
GRAYS HARBOR — 8alled Feb 19 — Seh-
Guide. for' San Francisco: bktn Gleaner, fo>-
Sydney; schr W.J Patterson, for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 18— Stmr Farallon,
from Dyea: schr Comet, from San Pedro.
Sailed Feb 18— Stmr City of Seattle, for
Pkairway; stmr Santa Barbara, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Feb 19— Br stmr Plng-Euey, from
Vladivostok. . . -¦¦ ,">.¦:
SAX DIEGO— Sailed Feb 19— Br stmr Milton,
for N'analmo. i
ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 19— Stmr George W
Elder, hence Jan 17.
Sailed Feb 19— Fr barks Bossuet and La
Rochefoucauld and Br ship Scottish Hills, for
United Kingdom; Fr bark General de Bols
deffre, for Queenstown. •
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb IS— Stmr Finance,
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
' MORORAN— Arrived prior to Feb 18— Nor
Btmr Hordn, from Tacoma.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Arrived Feb 19— Bark
Snow^ & Burgess, from Sydney, to sail Feb 24
MAZATLAN— Sailed Feb 17— Stmr Colon, for
Snn Francisco.
MOODYVILLE— Palled. Feb U— Ship Alex
Gibson, for Cape Town. , ' .
QITRENSTOWN— Arrived Feb '17— Br ship
Cambrian Hills, hence Oct 2: Br ship Oweenee.,
hence Oct 6. Feb 19— Br ship lilnlithgowshire,
from TAcoma. .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 18-Stmr Vic
toria, from Tacoma.
Railed Feb 19 — Jap stmr America . Mara, for
San Francisco. .
PANAMA— Arrived Feb 18— Stmr Chas D
Lane, for Mollendo.
PORT PIRTE— In nort Jan 17— Ship Star of
Itnlv and shin Reaper. ¦ i , •
FRKMANTLE— In port Jan 16— Ship Agenor.
POVER— Passed Feb 16— Ger stmr Kamby
ws. for San Francisco.
MANILA— Sailed Jan 23— Stmr Indiana, for,
Pan Francisco. Jan 28— Stmr Pennsylvania,' for
San Francisco. Feb 1 — II R stmr Meade. for
Pan Franetsco. Feb 5— U S stmr Buford. for
San Francisco. , •
OCEAN STEAMERS
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Feb IS — Stmr
Ltvoriian. from Glasgow. --- ' ¦ .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 18— Stmr Victoria,
from Tacoma and Victoria. B C, for Hongkong.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed' Feb 19-Stmr Patricia,
from Hcmhurg. for New York. r.
AUSTRALIAN POUT— Arrived prior to Feb
19— Stmr. Sonoma. ¦' from Pun Francisco, »la
Honolulu, for Sydney. NEW.. -
Sun, Moon , and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
was removed to the Harbor Hospital. Dr.
Morrison found that the unfortunate fel
low had his right wrist broken and both
Iprs fractured. Later he was sent to the
City and County Hospital. »
?», J " £" \5 un<^- a Portugrueee. Is lying at
the Harbor Hospital In a precarious con
idltlon. He fell down in an epileptic fit on
the front, and when examined at the hos
pital he was also found to be suffering
from pneumonia. H<? said he had no
mends and no money and wanted to be
F*nt to the City and County Hospital.
TA hen searched by the hospital steward a
Tu n T^ ok showtn B a balance of $3000 with
the Hlbernla Bank was found in an inside
pocket. He positively refused to eo to a
private hospital, and th*> chances are his
I obstinacy will cost tym his life.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
OTSWS OF THE OCEAN.
Shipping Merchants.
The Ethel Zane will load lumber at Port
Gamble for Honolulu: the British steamer Ping
Suey. wheat at Tacoma for St. Vincent for
orders, SSs. prior to arrival.
Additional Manifest.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
barkentlne Tropic Bird, which cleared Monday
for Tahiti, carried 1S.O0O feet lumber. 70 000
shingles and 15.000 laths, valued at $2823.
Wheat for Chile.
The German bark J. C. Glade cleared yester
day for Valparaiso with 42,600 ctls wheat, val
ued at $45,100; 3451 bbls flour, valued at $10,600
and 15,000 feet lumber as dunnage, valued at
$225.
Merchandise for Nevr York.
The steamer Roanoke. which cleared yester
day for Panama, carried merchandise valued
•t $62,776 for Xew York and 500 bbls of oil for
Hamburg, valued at $3339. The cargo for New
York Included 104.600 gals wine. 24 bags glue
450 bags 100 bbls shells, 1C0 bales rags, 9039 ctls
barley. 274 bbls asphaltum. 100 cs salmon. 87
sks horns. 15 pkes old metal, 33, "S3 lbs dried
hides, S1.625 lbs dried fruit.
Departure of the Japanese Liner.
The Japanese line steamer Nippon Maro
sailed yesterday for China and Japan with a
general cargo, valued at $153 061. manifested as
follows: For China. $51,917; Japan, $38,390;
Manila. $33,290; Vladivostok. $2336; Korea,
$30€S. The following were the principal ehlp
ments:
For China— 2920 lbs abalone meat. 3 cyls
ammonia. 410 csks bottled beer, 3S34 lbs cheese,
4000 lbs beans, 300 lbs codfish, 31S3 lbs coffee,
1452 cs canned goods, 1056 lbs chocolate, £2 cs
drugs, 6025 lbs dried fruit, 106 bxs fruit. £835
bbls flour, 7 csks ginseng, 1437 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 4433 lbs ham and bacon. 12 cs
hardware, 12 roils leather, 62 bxs lemons, 4 pkgs
machinery. 525 lbs nuts, 10 bxs oranges, 3400 lbs
p*as, &0C0 lbs pearl barley, 2191 lbs sugar. 100
cs salmon. 12 cs soap. 277 gals wine.
For Japan — Cl pkgs agricultural Implements.
31 era bicycles. J657 lbs butter. 605 pkgs bottled
fceer. 200 bales compressed cotton, 1910 cs canned
goods, S912 lbs coffee, 31 pkgs electrical sup
plies. 1C24 bbls flour. 661 pkss groceries and pro
visions. S bales hose. 30 bales hides. 14K0 lbs
hops. 93 cs liquors. 212J pigs lead. 4S rolls leath
fr. ltfO kegs nails. 1042 cs salmon. U cs whisky,
4 cs R60 cals wine. 1CM) bdls wire.
For Manila— 124 cs blackberry brandy 230 gals
brandy. 4.".S lbs borax. 2025 cs canned Roods, 377
pkjr* groceries and provisions. 100 cs liquors,
44.M8 lbs malt. 5 pkgs machinery. &5C0 crs pota
toes, 24 cs photo goods. 9 cs phonograph good*.
10 cs shellac. 21 cs stationery. 16 cs tools. 10 cs
tyr>ewrlters. Sis cs 100 bbls whisky.
For East Indies — S3 cs canned goods, 19 bbls
phonoRraph uoodp.
For Vladivostok— 13.567 lbs ham and bacon,
9 pkgs groceries and provlf Ions. SS49 lbs tallow.
For Korea— 3 cs canned goods. 2S0 lbs sugar,
IBS pkgs groceries and provisions. 78 bdls steel.
25 bbls flour. 12 flasks quicksilver.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. February 19.
Rtmr Columbia, Doran. S5*i hours from Port
land, via Astoria 43?i hours.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, S7 hours from New
Whutcom.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund,* 12 hours from
Itule« Lending.
Ptrr.r Geo lyjomis. Bridgett, 3S hours from
San Pedro.
Bktn Monitor, Donnelly. 10V4 days from Grays
Harbor.
Ow'r.g to the southeaster very few ves
sels went to sea yesterday. Tho British
ship Crown of England was to have sailed
for Queenstown with a cargo of wheat, j
ar.d the barkentlne Tropic Bird for Ta
hiti, but both captains decided to remain
in port until the gale went down. The
only sailir.g vessel that got in was the
barkentiri*/ Monitor, from Grays Harbor,
and she had been outside for two days
before a slant of win.', brought her In out
cf the storm.
Among the few vessels that ventured
out yesterday was the Japanese mall
steamship Nippon Mara. As it was blow
lr.g at the rate of fifty miles an hour at
the hAacJ* the pilot must have had a lively
time getting on the pilot boat. The fol
lowing r.amed went away In the cabin on
the XIppon ilaru:
For Yokohama — J. Brauback. I.. Glvernaud.
Mr. and Mrs C. Givemaud. H. S. Grlggs, G.
H. Hichbee and wife. T. Inoya, T. Iwal, J. A.
Jarv'.s, Dr. S. Kl Fasato. S. Kumivrakl, T.
JOeana!. Miss A. Kelly, J. Xnlehl tf. Matsul.
Mine C. M. Ofborne. Dr. T. Suiukl. II. 6hllaJ
phl, J. L. Fmlth, Mrn. \V. D. Thompson, S.
Togo. Dr. A. J. Torhllhon. J. Wat&se and
Mr. and Mrs. R. E. Whitney.
For Shanghai— Mrs. Madeline Boyd. Consul
General John Gmdnow. Mrs. John Goodnow,
J. T. Fuenchau. G. E. Tucker and Mrs. W. W.
Williams.
For Hongkong— F. H. Bower*. Julius Cohn.
T; J. Cow»n. William L. CroMan, R. IL Cur
tis, Rev. E. S. Eby. W. P. Jones. Rev. S. B.
Kurtz. M. C. C. Lewis. George A. Marshall.
Mrs. Gecrpe A. Marshall, C. D. Perrtne. F. P.
Slemraer, C. Taclm, George C. Walker. Charles
Weasel, Mrs." Charles Wessel and Walter N.
WUL
C. D. Ferrine and his assistant. R. H.
Curtis, are en route to Sumatra to view
the eclipse of the sun.
OTTO GILDEB.MEISTEB. AQAIN.
The McCulloch Will Go in Search of
Dismasted Ship.
Reinsurance men are again beginning to
fear for the Otto Glldermeister. She was
on her way from Yokohama to Portland
end wga so long on the ¦way that at one
Time 90 per cent was paid to reinsure her.
Then the schooner Fr»»d E. Sanders ar
rive'! on the Sound and reported that on
January 30, when about 345 miles from San
Francisco, the missing vessel was lighted
¦with, moft of her spars gone. Soon after
th* ffhooner Mabel Gray came In and re
rrrtpd tfap Otto Glldermcister as being 170
miles from port. or thirty-five miles south
yet of Pedro Blanca. on Februarv 6.
Thr^e days later the Comet spoke her,
and Fhe was ihen 195 miles from San
Francisco and eff Port Harford. The
PoutnraMer may have brought her up,
however, and If the McCiilloch goes out
to-Cay Fhe may find her off port.
Gale Does No Damage.
The storm of yesterday did little or no
damage on the bay. A fence was blown
down at Fremont-street wharf and the
schooner Mary Etta went on the Hen and
Chickens, hut was afterward got oft by
the tug Sea Witch. She was on her waV
to Vailpjo vdth h load of lumber, and part
of it had to be thrown overboard before
th<> vorsel floated.
At Point R»jfs it blew sixty miles an
hour from the southenst all day Jong but
it started In very gently at Point Lobos
At fi a. m. it was blowing eight miles
from th***FO«th. Three hours later Jt was
fwcntv-Fix mil^s from the southeast, and
forty minutrs later it had increased to
forty-four mllps an hour from the south
tnet. At noon it was blowing fifty miles
r.n hour from the southeast, and at 3 p. m.
U had vc-Pred to the south and was blow
ing at the rame ppeed. Tho storm Is about
f jx»r.t and to-day should bo fine, as the
1 -ammeter is rising.
Water Front Notes.
Th<* KoFmos liner Totmes arrived from
Hamburs via Sauth and Central American
ports yesterday. She only brought up two
psrpergers and about SCO tons -of peneraJ
*r«!ght. Among her cargo Is specie and
bullion valued at 5128.871 60.
Jo Soto was run over by an engine of
the belt rellroad yesterday morning. He
Times and Heights of High and Low
waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
- Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five Minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
Dr. Dudley Tait's Wife Dies.
Mrs. Emilia Artdrade de Talt, wife of
Dr. Dudley Talt, chief surgeon of the
French Hospital, and daughter of Gull
lermo Andrade* died yesterday at her
home, 1054 Post street. Death was duo to
a surgical operation which was performed
some weeks ago. It was thought th3
operation had been successful and that
the patient wa« recovering, but an Infec
tion set In and produced death. She was
attended by Drs. MacMonagle. J. D. Ar
nold. H. C. Moffltt and Philip King
Brown. She was a native of this city,
aged 29 years.
son, John Denman, and Frank Sander
field, his nephew. Denman was 25 years
old and Sanderfield was 17. Xeither of
the boys had any trade or occupation.
Mrs. Denman said that she had request
ed her son to look for work and support
himself and that he left home on Febru
ary 11, taking with him the Sanderfield
boy. They said that they were going
East. She gave a. full description of the
clothing worn by her son and of India-Ink
tattooing: on the right arm, representing:
two hands clasped. The clothing was a
gray and brown mixed coat and vest with,
reddish corduroy pants, blue flan
nel shirt and blue Fedora hat. He weighed
about 140 pounds.
FEW VESSELS ARRIVE OR DEPART OWING TO HEAVY SOUTHEASTER
have been using set nets. Five. of the
men, Miller, Van Fleck, two Judd\broth
ers and Philip Rosel, were arrested by
Deputies J. H. Downs and Hugh Walters.
They were taken to Ukiah, tried, convict
ed and sentenced to pay fines of $100 or
servo fifty days In Jail. Andrew Henael,
another of the law-breakers, tripped Dep
uty Rhodes, who was trying to arrest
him, and escaped. He was, however, ap
prehended In this city last Saturday and
will be taken to Ukiah for trial.
The supreme sacrifice of the demi-mon
daine, her return to -"the lilies and lan
guors of virtue" (comparative) when the
father of her lover demands that for love
of him she give him up, was another
tour-de-force, and M. Coquelln as Ar
mand's father shared honors with Mme.
Bernhardt in the" scene. .. ;
admirable art, from the meeting of
Camille with Armand to her death, in a
scene that. for delicate pathos and refined
realism could hardly be ¦ excelled. All
morality is comparative, and to make
plausible the motive . of "Camille" t'ul3
must be continually remembered.
NOTE— In tho above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order, of occurrence, as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last tldo
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast , Survey charts, except when a
minus sign (— ) precedes the hstght, and then
tho number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
A gradual emotional ascent from the
first to the last act is achieved with an
And now we have seen perhaps the
greatest "Camille" of history, since the
Bernhardt performance last evening at
the Grand Opera-house. Even more than
"La Tosca" "Camille" offers opportunity
for the peculiar genius of the great
Frenchwoman. It was a marvelous con
ception from beginning to end— finished,
restrained, passionate, pathetic, lovable,
ringing true at every touch.
Part From Beginning to
. End. - •
BERNHARDT'S IS PERHAPS
GREATEST OF "CAMLLLES"
Her's Is a Marvelous Conception of
His Nephew Were Killed in
Train Wreck. ..V
If there exist justifying grounds for the
apprehension felt by' Mrs. Frank Denman
of 217 ' Folsom street. - the two . tramps
killed in the recent. railroad accident near
Mill City, Nev.. may be identified as resi
dents of San Francisco. Mrs. Denman
called . yesterday at the Coroner's office
and said she believed th© two unidentified
victims of the railroad accident were her
John Denman's Mother Fears He and
SAN FRANCISCO, BOYS
V MAY'BE'THE" VJLUTJLMS
Dazzlir\g /\rra\j
o{ Gostumes
Seer\ir\tke
March.
gulden star*. A fiiadem of stirs was worn
la l-.er Jet black, hair.
Mrs. M. L. Gallen wa« an attractive French
dancer In a short white and silver striped
skirt over j'ir.k.
Miss Jean HoBkins repreeented Carmen la a
white eatln gown elaborately embroidered la
Fllver. Fhe wore a reii rose In her hair.
Miss Bertha Goodrich was a French Marquis*
of the eighteenth century In a cream brocaded
cewn elaborately trimmed with rare old lace.
M!s« L. Hart asd Mrs. J. H. Phe,lps were
co'.lece students In black towns and mortar
boards.
Mrs. Robert Wood wore a blue Bilk flomlno
over an evening gown of black tulle trimmed
with Jet. An elrrctte of diamonds was worn
In the coiffure.
Mlsa Carmellta. Calvert was an attractive
French eoubrette la a coral s!lk gown. Long
strings cf coral were worn round the neck.
Her head drec« wu a picturesque white poke
trimmed with coral plumes. la her hand she
carried a flurry white poodle.
Mrs. Irving M. Scott wore a gown of ele
gant yellow brocade trimmed with flounces of
exquisite black lace.
Mrs. A. Manjuij represented a Hungarian
Princess attired in a gown of white satin em
broidered la gold. A red tunic completed 'the
coatume.
Mrs. E. J. Baldwin represented a dewdrop.
Her costume was of white chiffon embroidered
In rosebuds; In the heart of each glistened a
tiny crystcl bead.
Miss Florence Wade wore -a pink domino over
Rn evening gown of white crepe trimmed with
pink roses.
Miss Allr-e Cohen was a TurkishfcPrincess in
a pir.k satin dross embroidered in gold.
MIfs Finry E. Morrison cf Saa Jose repre
sented the Lady In White. Her dr^«« was of
Cbantllly lace embro'.'ierpd In crystal beads. ,
Mrs. Grant SelfrMge vas an attractive
Janice Merf<5ith. Her gown was cf rink and
white rfimitr. A white cap was coquettlshly
pr-rched upon her head.
Mrs. R. E. Pierce wore a French gown of
P'.r.k and b'.u<* brocaded satin. The corsage
vst exit low a finished off with a bertha of
folrit lace.
Miss Grace Kern wore a white silk domino
r>vw an e>gant bla^k crepe gown. The skirt
»'as made en train ar.d the bodice was shirred.
A gananfl cf la France roses was fastened
ovor the shoulder.
Miss Anp<~!a Morrison of San Jose wore a
r'r.k crepe go'srn made over apple blosrom silk.
Th« tunic was of rlcth cf jroM and the bodice
Ms finished with a bf-rtha of rose point.
J.I!*s Grare Gilbert cf Oregon wore an ele
par.t wi.ite silk rov.n trimmed with point lace.
Mrs. Ersktr.e M Ross of Los Angeles was
attired In a violet satin gown trimmed with
rxiict lace.
Miss Ethel Knar? represented Carmen In a
cberrjr ta?in pown draped with black lace.
Miss Lilly fnreckels were an original white
domino with grtst black Interrogation points
erex'tTfd over It. Dttder the domino was worn
a -white silk gown trimmed with lace.
Mifs Jessica Pimnsoa was an attractive red
and h'.ark doirino.
Mrs. Harry Height and Miss Dora Benson
wore atttrad alike as Folly In white gowns
with T>ls<-k trimmings.
Mr?. Win Crocker wore a white chiffon gown
?rr.r-roidrrfd in silver spangles, a magnificent
Ftring cf r^a^s was the only Jewel worn.
Mrs. John F. Merrill wore an elegant gown
of blue brocade trimmed with blue chiffon
ar.d old lace.
. !.!rr. J. Downey Harvey wore an elegant
white silk gown embroidered In silver and fln
ifhed v.-lth fio-jn<-e* of rhlfTon.
Vim Marie Wells and Marie Oge were at
- -
tired alike as Tommy Atkins. They wore red
broadcloth jackets trimmed with geld braid.
Their short skirts were of white broadcloth
»r.d trimmed with red and pold braid. Little
red caps strapped under the chin completed
autte the most picturesque costumes seen on
the floor.
Mies Margery Gibbons was a colonial lady In
an elegant gown oJ turquoise blue velvet and
eld gold brocade. -
Miss Julia Reed represented a pink rose In
a gown of pink silk trimmed with roses.
Mrs. C. Ward wore a yellow and black fancy
gown with picturesque poke bonnet to match.
Miss Elsie Gregory was a seventh daughter
of the seventh daughter. She wore a white
silk domino with black 'skull and crossbones
and carrions.
Miss Ida Gibbons an Empire gown of
white satin embroidered with dainty rosebuds.
A bonnet was worn with the costume. ,
Mrs. George R. Wells wore a pink domino
over a black lace gown elaborately trimmed
With jet.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin wore a black velvet
frown. The skirt .was. made perfectly plain 'and
en train. The high neck corsage was trimmed
with ermine and duchess lace.
Miss Jennie Blair wore an elegant evening
dress of black tulle embroidered in silver. " ,
Miss' Melita Bennett was a blue Dresden
shepherdess. • : s.
Miss Martraret Hurley wore a black domino
over a black spangled tulle evening gown.
Miss Gertrude Hurley | wore " a white point
u'esprit gown. A Trhlte domino waa j worn over
the gown until supper time.
Miss Mollie Thomas. Miss Carrie Taylor.
Miss Ethylllager, Miss Alice Hager. Miss Ella
Morgan and Miss Therese Morgan .were at
tired alike as Aunt Jemima.' They wore brown
cotton gowns, white hats and blg-bandanaa
fastened across the breast. Their hair was
¦worn in tiny, crispy braids,- tied with brilliant
colored ribbons. ,- Later . in the evening ¦ the
Misses Hager took off the Aunt Jemima cos
tume. Miss Alice Haerer's second costume
represented Miss Kate Hnrdcastle. It was of
pink panne satin brocaded In white lavender
HAS SWAY ON MARDI GRAS
THE SAST FEaNCISCO^
5
Sun rise3 . ...6:54
Sun sets 5:53
Moon nets ....8:06 p. m.
O Tltrw Time . Time Time I 1
2. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
P H AV L IV H W L AVI
20"... 0:29 5.5 6:03 1.1 12:20 5.6 6:29 oTi
21 ... 1:04 5.6 6:36 ; 0.8 1:15 5.4 7:11 0.8
22 ... 1:41 5.7 7M8 0.8 2:15 5.0 7:55 1.3
2J ... 2:21 6.8 8:47 0.5 3:23 4.6 8:40 ,1.9
2« ... 3:10 6.8 9:34 0.4 4:40 4.2 9:35 2.3
23 ... 4:00 5.8 11:06 0.2 6:01 4.1 10:40 2.8
26 ... 5:01 5.7 12:20 0.1 7:21 4.2 11:55 3 0
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City Rio Jan... China and Japan Feb. 20
Robt. Dollar... Seattle Feb. 29
Federlca Nanalmo Feb. 20
Argo Coqullle River Feb. 20
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 20
Corona Newport Feb. 20
Mackinaw Seattle Feb. 20
Czarina.... Seattle and Tacoma.... Feb. 20
State of Cal.... Puget Sound Ports Feb. 21
Point Arena... Point Arena Feb. 21
Santa Rosa San Diego Feb. 2t
Crescent City.. Crescent City. Feb. 21
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Feb. 21
Nome. City Humboldt Feb.. 21
Newburg ... Grays Harbor :....,..... Feb. 22
Colon Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 23
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 23
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Empire Coos Bay Feb. 23
North Fork..... Humboldt Feb. 24
G. W. Elder.... Portland and' Astoria.'. . Feb. 24
Hyades Oyster Harbor Feb. 24
Bonita... ... Newport Feb. 24
Queen.... San Diego Feb. 24
Titanin.... Nanalmo Feb. 2t
Alamcda Sydney and' Way Ports Feb. 25
Arcata. Coos Bay Feb. 25
Mattewan...... Tacoma Feb. 23
Coptic China and Japan ...... Feb. 28
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Feb. 26
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Frbrnarr 2O. - |
Roanoke Panama : ........ f"2 pmlPler 31
Arcata .Coos Bay ......112 m Pier 13
Eureka....... Humboldt '¦• ...I 9 am Pier 13
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Queen. San Diego. ...'. 9 am Pier 11
Fcbrniiry 21.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Mandalay.... Coqullle River ..... 4 pm Pier 2
Fulton........ Grays Harbor :... 5nm Pier —
Humboldt.... Alaska v Puget Sd 2 pm Pier '2
Kehrnnrt 22.
Atro '.. Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona...... Humboldt-'......:... 2pmPler:9
Columbia Astoria & Portland U am Pier 24
Corona Newport ............. 9 am Pier 11
Palena Valparaiso . & Way 12 m S.W. 2
. ¦ -. February 23.. *
Newburg.;... Grays, Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier* 2
Marlposa..:;. Honolulu-.. — 2 pm Pier 7
Rainier... .....Seattle & N.. What 5 pm Pier 2
:Febrn«ry 24. -
Sant'a Rosa... San Diego, 9 am Pier 11
February ; 2.".
State of Cal.. Pugret Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Chas. Nelson. S<«attl<» & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Pehrnary 2O. ; .
Bonlta........ Newport %.. 9 am|Pler 11
Sun rise3 . ...6:54
Sun sets 5:53
Moon nets ....8:06 p. m.
O Tltrw Time . Time Time I 1
2. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
P H AV L IV H W L AVI
20"... 0:29 5.5 6:03 1.1 12:20 5.6 6:29 oTi
21 ... 1:04 5.6 6:36 ; 0.8 1:15 5.4 7:11 0.8
22 ... 1:41 5.7 7M8 0.8 2:15 5.0 7:55 1.3
2J ... 2:21 6.8 8:47 0.5 3:23 4.6 8:40 ,1.9
2« ... 3:10 6.8 9:34 0.4 4:40 4.2 9:35 2.3
23 ... 4:00 5.8 11:06 0.2 6:01 4.1 10:40 2.8
26 ... 5:01 5.7 12:20 0.1 7:21 4.2 11:55 3 0
Steamer.
From.
Due.
City Rio Jan... China and Japan Feb. 20
Robt. Dollar... Seattle Feb. 29
Federlca Nanalmo Feb. 20
Argo Coqullle River Feb. 20
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 20
Corona Newport Feb. 20
Mackinaw Seattle Feb. 20
Czarina.... Seattle and Tacoma.... Feb. 20
State of Cal.... Puget Sound Ports Feb. 21
Point Arena... Point Arena Feb. 21
Santa Rosa San Diego Feb. 2t
Crescent City.. Crescent City. Feb. 21
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Feb. 21
Nome. City Humboldt Feb.. 21
Newburg ... Grays Harbor :....,..... Feb. 22
Colon Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 23
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 23
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Empire Coos Bay Feb. 23
North Fork..... Humboldt Feb. 24
G. W. Elder.... Portland and' Astoria.'. . Feb. 24
Hyades Oyster Harbor Feb. 24
Bonita... ... Newport Feb. 24
Queen.... San Diego Feb. 24
Titanin.... Nanalmo Feb. 2t
Alamcda Sydney and' Way Ports Feb. 25
Arcata. Coos Bay Feb. 25
Mattewan...... Tacoma Feb. 23
Coptic China and Japan ...... Feb. 28
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Feb. 26
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Frbrnarr 2O. - |
Roanoke Panama : ........ f"2 pmlPler 31
Arcata .Coos Bay ......112 m Pier 13
Eureka....... Humboldt '¦• ...I 9 am Pier 13
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Queen. San Diego. ...'. 9 am Pier 11
Fcbrniiry 21.
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
Mandalay.... Coqullle River ..... 4 pm Pier 2
Fulton........ Grays Harbor :... 5nm Pier —
Humboldt.... Alaska v Puget Sd 2 pm Pier '2
Kehrnnrt 22.
Atro '.. Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona...... Humboldt-'......:... 2pmPler:9
Columbia Astoria & Portland U am Pier 24
Corona Newport ............. 9 am Pier 11
Palena Valparaiso . & Way 12 m S.W. 2
. ¦ -. February 23.. *
Newburg.;... Grays, Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier* 2
Marlposa..:;. Honolulu-.. — 2 pm Pier 7
Rainier... .....Seattle & N.. What 5 pm Pier 2
:Febrn«ry 24. -
Sant'a Rosa... San Diego, 9 am Pier 11
February ; 2.".
State of Cal.. Pugret Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Chas. Nelson. S<«attl<» & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Pehrnary 2O. ; .
Bonlta........ Newport %.. 9 am|Pler 11
HI TSVhat Yds Know I 'Whaf^6u<Ough'tifotKnovv -.Iff
ill II ¦'P6yfj E knoVthst thT^Cr^torhirforbidderrsuicidi; j "g'g^rTlhTkrdnsys'are'the^raturir^VM^puHfi^ \
Bill 1 ft V m wc ln ' er> therrfore «* llu V 5t ' a mans cJuty - i ! H Hi 1 ** aU tee fc!ood must S° through tht kid-* §
iij! jj wJmM ,to himself andhlsfimily > to"takc'careof>;ni. ( (j WLSm ntys forpurifiation, aitojgoaithrouafctht! gl
ffl| If ; it\i physlully ii well as spiritually.^ : . ' J — TlungJ for. oxidation," — m — — __ g
I I j ;]We to:teCtaw''<inlmfiSl ; i5Ja^orj Tluti | the blood.lxXu^orpo^^thaCf^^^st |
II I • influences, sickn^ aadjll-hialth prevail! . j * TtrthrbS'iiTVTry^birt^b^fM 7^^^ t
yjljl and that most people do not liv^Dut half their da vs., [. . -, cid (iidney poboDfwithout yaur < knowkdgsbecausc | lili| Hi M
B| . v We know that our'carelcssnas^ind. ignorance brinj : J ': the kid.-wys may be diseased and not 'give forth any pain.' j! |
1 I (uponus most of our suHeringi^ .-•'.' ' \ ' That you. cannot health ¦arJ i disordered |J' |
- B II "We know ,' to-dayT as a:racCmore"6(Jthe"hwr'of', J kidne^-s, _ ' _ . . |j
I than we did fifty yVrsa^ •"v ; ¦**» h^^ l ~^ I
¦ ", • ... ••-- -'7' -t-itr-i by unsuspected kidney poisoned blood. i 54
I 111 J^.K 00 * more about the true ause Of, most oMhe, { Tkat irner . s Sl ;e Cure is the 'most 'wonderful TSi |
|ji Kreficent medicine evir given to nunkind. £ It cum |lHS-
¦111 1 ' ' mclhod of curir 'S and preventing them. r^ _^ i ne kidneys and thus cures all the' nuny_disorders_whic!i I '
IPIll j Prevention of disease is both rational' and scientific. kidney poison creates. 1^ . , __ I Tg 1 -
I [If If "one knows the cause of niost diseases, and can_remove That it is ' the only • recognized A |
II WcaW, the dlsastt must disappcar5 '• J [^remejiiedjcalbtosinsX- ¦ 111!
LOST HOPE AND COURAGE. ' j; OMEFOOT Hi THE GRAVE.
323 West Superior Street, . • 1M Rosco« Bonlcranl.
Warnor'8 Safo Curo Co., Rochester. N. \.: EM rv in M T "»»' ' *— ¦ X — Gentlemen: About two year* acoX hart one
Gentlemen: Since last January my health -D 1 1 R J li C^-E+^s ff «*****. ?<x>t in tho crave, as tho cayinz cocs, and lir«
failed; Ilost30 pounds, nnd my complexion . ¦*> AfcJWSA* j\aTfr> i .81 |f*> looked black to me: the doctors called 16
became, yellow and muddy. The doctor eaid .'.-.- . V""° " V .-V 4 V Brlsrhfn disease. I wonld tnvts all I had to brt .
•it -waft kidney tnmblo. I lost hopoand cour- _ ¦ „ _ h _ __-¦„_ _« tVl v,j nor Ttr ..' tt.,^» cured, but nothing seemed to do mo ninch
aKC at onco as I know how difficult that 1« to To a11 bo Bnffer lth Kidney, Liver. Heart, f^^ nmll a n< . lRh .^y recommeafled that I
cure. My room mate said, •'Try Waroer'a Uladder or Blood diseasee. a sample bottle of try Warner's Safo Curo. It •wa* with bnt lit-
8afe Cure," and I did. »For four months I Warner's Safe Curo <tho pioneer Kidney and Ile h 0 !* 5 that I trlp<l **• t>nt ia tw0 weeks -
iwed It constantly and gradually felt better, - , ¦ T? ._ ril _v _ ni . ,_ t O v. 0 ,,, t -ir v™ ln F general health xras Improved, end In fonr
until I felt I was cured. Only those who have.. W«r Remedy) will bc&ent absolutely Free Tnontha j was completely enred. I hanlly
Buffered as I did know how grateful I am to cf Cost by addressing, postal card to WAR- dared to believe that imjcu jcood fortnno wa» '
you for your onto. I cannot praiso it too jjeR'S SAFE CURE CO.. Rochester. N. Y mine, bnt I havo notion a meal nor had au
highly; and wish all -who suffer with urinary , _._ t « ftn ,' _ th4 , n ' ' ache or pain since. Word* «ccm bnt poor to
troubles would try it. Yours truly, . and mcntlonlns this paper. ' express my uratttudc Y«un»tnHr. . ;
" ¦ .. ANDREW P. FRAKS, '- -' - * f XL U. STCC1O. -
CaicX TcinT>lar, Su^. I^odgc Good Templars. , - CAldcnnan 2^tli WardJOUR FRUIT IN GREAT BRITAIN.
I
rROM a report just received by the State De
partment from Consul Boyle of Liverpool it ap- •
pears some of the leading papers in Great Brit
ain are discussing with considerable earnestness * the
growth of the sale of California fruit products in the
British market. Thus the London Telegraph is
quoted as having recently stated: "Many interesting
facts are to be gleaned as to the growing part that
fruit pulps from abroad are playing in the manufacture
I of English jams. When a single order from one noted
London firm alone amounts to twenty-eight tons of
apricot pulp from California, it will convey some idea
of the magnitude the system is attaining. Plums,
pineapples, quinces, apples and peaches are also
largely utilized in this way, and the latest triumph, as
it is claimed, in this direction is that of being able to
send into this country strawberry pulp. Small won
der, indeed, that the British grower has cause for
complaint 'that the demand is not what it was' for hh
products."
Shipment of fruit puhp in such quantities from
California to the British market is to a certain extent
gratifying. It is a proof that a rich market is within
reach and promises to afford us an ample consuming
power for the output of our orchards. With proper
transportation facilities, and they may be expected in
the near future, there ir no reason why we should not
furnish from California orchards the great bulk of
the finer fruits needed by the British people.
There is, however, another side to the trade that is
by no means so satisfactory. We are sending* fruit
pulp to Great Britain to be made into jellies and jami
and conserves of.various kinds. When they have been
thus manufactured into the highest forms known to
the market the British manufacturer sells them in all
parts of the world. A considerable bulk of British
fruit preserves is, in fact, sold right here in San
Francisco, and doubtless some of those preserves are
made from fruits that were grown in Californian valr
leys! Thus we send the raw material to London and
bring back the finished article. Why should -we not
manufacture the fruit at home?
For many years past the profits of fruit-growing in
California have been so large that it has engaged al
most all the capital available for use in the fruit in
dustry. - The work of preparing the fruit for market
has been confined mainly to drying it or putting it up
in cans. ,It is true that there arc several manufac
turers of fine grades of. fruit preserves, but their oper
ations are on comparatively a small scale. What they
have succeeded in doing has been but a beginning in
the great work of the kind that ought to be done.
At the present time there are signs that the profir
able growing of fruit has about reached the limit oi
consumption in the form in which Californians hav<
been in the habit of selling it. The prune-growers
for example, can hardly sell the crop of last season
Such bein~ the case, the time has come when a pot
women iu cuuy uui nci i)iuu=.
Tendencies of State Federation.
There are several other causes which
explain the rapid growth and great effi
ciency of these organizations. When the
women's cluba were flrst organized they
were not democratic in principle, though
they rapidly becamo so In practice. Tho
clubs at flrst represented a most difficult
clas3 of women to organize, being com
posed of well-to-do — even wealthy—mem
bers with intellectual tastes and conser
vative tendencies; members. were unwill
ing to join organizations which were dis
cussing social or economic conditions; it
was only after a long struggle that the.
more liberal members succeeded in intro
ducing what Is called, for want' of a'bet
ter name, "practical work"; In other
words, "to translate sentiment into ac
tion " From their inception the State
federations were more democratic than
was the general federation; they, have
forced the latter into accepting a more
liberal and progres3lvo policy. The an
nual due of the State federation la a
small one; many clubs having a small
membership or a small annual due "feel
Inclined to join. The State federation has
not refused to admit clubs composed of
religious bodies,- while <a' clause in the
constitution '-of tho : general - federation
was until quite recently so interpreted
as practically to debar such societies
•from membership. The State federations
hold annual meetings, while those of the
general federation are biennial. "While a
freat« effort has been made to hold these
iennial meetings in different sections of
the country, the attendance of delegates
from the States situated at the greatest
distance was of necessity very small. The
place of meeting of the State federation
Is within the reach of all the delegates
and of a large body of club women. \ At
the annual meeting of a large State fed
eration,- like that of ¦ New York, for ; in
stance, the attendance is nearly as large
as at the biennial meeting of the general
federation. 1 Societies and clubs which are
organized for practical- philanthropy, or
clubs which .work on .civic lines,- are
anxious to Join the State federation, as It
The State as a Unit of Action.
The lines of work carried on by tho
clubs and societies can be classified as
educational literary and civic. ¦ In recent
years tho study of sociology has been
added, and a Tew clubs are now organized
on an Industrial basis. Naturally the
practical work which the clubs undertake
centers In the city or the State. Even
with the rapid centralization of the Na
tional Government all the governmental
acts which affect a man's comfort or his
dally life are those of the city, county or
State. There Is, consequently, a reason
why theso organizations selected the
State as the unit of action. The resi
dents of a State, outside a few large
cities, as New York, Chicago or Philadel
phia, have also a certain similarity of
aim and attain about the same degree of
culture; In each State of the Union there
exists a State standard of life—educa
tional and industrial conditions are more
or less alike all over the State. It is man
ifestly impossible for the General Federa
tion of .Women's Clubs to formulate, still
less put Into practice, any line of study
or practical effort which will meet the
requirements of all parts of this widely
separated country. The president of the
State Federation, ¦who is by reason of her
position acquainted with the. prevailing
conditions, is thus able to formulate a
plan of work which suits the members of
her federation, and she can select from
her knowledge of their fitness. the right
nnmmi tn enrrv nnf hf>r nlnns.
nois. New York, New Jersey. Kentucky,
Minnesota, Missouri, Michigan, Isew
Hampshire, Ohio, Nebraska, Tennessee.
Rhode Island, Pennsylvania and Wash
ington. The District of Columbia was
also admitted.
Growth of State Federation Influ
ences. .-
At the Louisville biennial meeting, held
in June, 1SS6, the principle of a recognition
of the State federation per se as en
titled to a larger representation than a
club was established. Since that meeting
the tendency has been to grant more
power to the State federations, to recog
nize the influence which they exert, and
to increase their representation and their
dues. During the period from May, 1S96,
to May, 1898. the following State federa
tions were admitted: Wisconsin, North
Dakota, Arkansas; Connecticut, Dela
ware, GeoYgia, Florida, Vermont and Ok
lahoma. Thus in five years' time twenty
nine States organized federations and
joined the general federation. During
that time Alabama formed a federation,
but did not Join the general federation,
and is thus the only one not affiliated
with her sister States. Since 1SDS six other
States have organized and become mem
bers of the general federation— South
Carolina, Maryland, South Dakota, In
diana. California and Texas. At the
Denver biennial meeting In 1S9S. the
State line for the tlrst time was closely
drawn, and, being conscious of their new
found power, they forced the reluctant
assembly to enlarge further their repre
sentation and to introduce a per capita
due and In other ways to legislate for the
State federation per se as composing a
district body within the general federa
tion. From the Denver meeting dates the
agitation for a reconstruction of the gen
eral federation, not as a federation of
clubs, but of State federations and other
societies. J.
PERSONAL MENTION.
W. D. Tillotson. a Redding attorney. 14
stopping at the Grand.
E. F. Valentine, an oil man of Fresno, la
registered at the Lick.
TV". "W. Middleeoff and wlfa of Stockton
are at the Occidental.
D. T. Helen and wife of Duluth, Minn.,
are at the Occidental.
D. C. Corbln, a capitalist of Spokane, U
registered at the Palace.
D. V. Lyman, a mining man of Reno,
Is a guest at the Palace.
H. S. Kirk, a Sacrament© attorney. H
registered at the California.
Hervey Llndley. a mining man ot
Klamath. Or., Is a guest at the Palace.
C. W. Meer. a hardware merchant o£
Sacramento, accompanied by his wife, la
at the Lick.
F. V. T. Lee, a prominent electrical en»
glneer of this city, has taken Quarters at
the California.
R. C. Stevens, general "Western passen-.
ger agent of the Great Northern In Seat
tle, la In the city.
A. J. Fox. a leading merchant of Do*
trolt, Mich., accompanied by bis wife, Is
registered at the Occidental.
A. M. Barnum. traveling passenger
agent of the Piedmont Air Line, wltlx
headquarters In Los Angeles. Is on a visit
to San Francisco.
E. E. Walde, chief cleric of the general
passenger department of the Southern Pa*
cine in this city, left last evening for 4
trip to Washington, D. C.
Mr. A. Stuart, representing Brown Bros",
Company, cigar manufacturers, of Dei
trolt. Mich.. Is spending a few days with;
their coast agents, Messrs. Wellman,
Peck & Co.
George Aubert and Charles Victory
young Parisians, connected with. L<d
Temps of Paris, are at present In the city.
They are on their way back to Franc*
after a tour of the world.
Walter X. Will, son of W. A. Win. the;
merchant of this city, left yesterday for
Hongkong to embark in business. Vm\
has recently returned from South Africa,
where be served with distinction In o»
regiment of the Imperial Light Hors*
CAUTOHNIAUS IN NEW YORK}
Nt^V YORK, Feb. 19.— The following
Calif ornians are In New York: From San
Francisco— S. Bernstein, at tha Herald
Square: "W. E. Graves, at tha Navarre*
H. H. "Hoffman, at the Gerard; E. TV*
NeTrhall, at the Navarre; T. 3. Nlckllm
at the Rossmore; H. Huntlngton, at tha
Netherland; J. A. McNelll. at tha Savoy;
H. H. Allen, at the Gllsey. From Loi
Angeles— E. 8. "Waldron, at the Hoffman.
PHILIPPINE FfICTS.
ON the 4th inst., in response to an inquiry by the
Senate, the Secretary of War for the first time
made public this dispatch from General Mac-
Arthur:
MANILA. Dee. 25. 1900.
ADJTTANT GENERAL. WASHINGTON. D. C:
Expectations based on the result of the election have
not been realized. Progress of pacification is apparent
to me. but still very plow. Conditions very Inflexible and
likely to become chronic
The cheerful prophets who predicted certain ef
fects in the islands to be produced by the election at
home never had any substantial foundation for their
vaticinations. Had Mr. Bryan succeeded there would
have been little change, and his defeat was equally
without effect.
Our task in the Philippines is not begun, if one
treat as a beginning the entry upon a policy that is
to lead to a definite and desirable end. If only th
question of sovereignty were involved the way up
and out of the problem would be comparatively plain.
But this is the least of the issues.
The questions there underlie and overlie sov
ereignty. They are issues of land tenure, ecclesias
tical corporations asserting secular ownership, and of
sacerdotal privilege that have heretofore been dealt
with successfully only by the people immediately af
fected, in their independent and sovereign capacity.
If the Filipinos were a free and independent sov
ereignty they would solve in a year all that is in
soluble by the United States. That fact it is which
makes conditions inflexible and threatens to make
them chronic.
The American people have never been informed of
the whole body of facts about that forbidding and
abhorrent problem which they have undertaken to
solve.
When the General in command sends such a dis
pttch as that of December 25 and Congress appro
priates $400,000,000 in one year to the military and
only $360,000,000 to the civil purposes of the govern
ment, public- curiosity will be whetted for the facts.
The seeker for the truth must find it in a maze of
conflicting statements, and when found it will be a
kernel inclosed probably in a husk of religious preju
dice or partisan bias.
The most painstaking compilation yet made has just
been issued by Mr. H. H. Van Meter of Chicago,
consisting of official documents and authentic state
ments from a great variety of sources. But it is ill—
digested and lacks sequence, and leaves with the
reader the labor of rearrangement and the proper cor
relation of facts, with a reassignment in their chrono
logical order of those which are to be treated as
causes of effects, which are misplaced in the author's
disarrangement of his material
Yet with all its faults the book illuminates the
subject and presents a mass of material which will
inspire some one to a more orderly arrangement and
a close relation between premise and conclusion.
It is evident that the Philippine problem has ele
ments capable of producing the most profound dis
turbance in our domestic politics, and of transferring
to this republic some r»f the burning issues which long
ago afflicted the Old World.
There is nothing cheerful in the outlook as to the
islanders themselves. The withdrawal of troops and
relaxation of garrison vigilance will likely be followed
by a recrudescence of their national aspirations;
sharpened by a spirit of revenge, and the inflexible
conditions will become chronic, as General MacAr
thur has predicted.
Dispatches announce that some of our solons
at Sacramento are becoming restless itid "hungry."
They should have a care to avoid any demonstration
which may lead them to the predicament of feeding at
the expense of the State,
There has been discovered in operation in Nett
York City a training school for beggars, so it eeems
that in the general spread of enlightenment every sort
of profession is going in for higher education.
It is stated that Pierpont Morgan's four months'
cruise now in contemplation is to be merely for his
heslth, but the chances are the old fellow has decided
to take a look at the earth before he buys it
ELLEN M. HENROTIN.
THE POWERS OF THE SENATE.
STUDENTS of the evolution through which our
system of government is' going, have 'been giv
ing much attention of late to the increasing
powers of the Senate. Two events of the present ses
sion have served to mark the nature of the increase.
First, the manner in which the Senators dealt with
various treaties negotiated by the administration
shows a tendency on the pa-t of the Senate to assume
something like the whole treaty-making power of the
Government. .
Second, the rejection of the war revenue reduction
bill sent up from the House, and the virtual creation
of a new bill under that title, implies an assumption
of authority to deal with revenue measures on its own
initiative;
The constitution provides that the President "shall
have power by and with the consent of the Senate
to make treaties, provided two-thirds of the Senators
present concur." Under that clause the President has
been regarded as the diplomatic head of the country.
He it is who has had the sole right of initiating trea
ties. Once upon a time when Jackson was President
Congress undertook to take the lead in a matter of
diplomacy by passing a bill to compromise certain
claims under a treaty with the King of the Two Sici
l es, ; but Jackson vetoed it on the ground that the
constitution gave him authority for negotiating trea
ties with foreign countries and he had no need for
further authority from Congress. It will also be re
membered that the Senate once undertook to take
the initiative in treaty-making while Cleveland was
President, but was baffled in the attempt. This time
the Senators have been more successful. It has been
noted as a matter of some significance that in origin
ating a new convention in place of the Hay-Paunce
fote treaty the Senate substituted the phrase
"treaty-making power" instead of the word "Presi
dent" when speaking of the authority by which the
convention was proposed.
In a similar way have been the aggressions upon
the prerogative of the House. Under the constitution
the House has the sole right to originate revenue bills.
The, Senators, however, have gradually built up for
themselves authority to virtually .set that rule at de
fiance. They took large liberties in amending the
McKinley tariff, the Wilson tariff and the Dinglej
tariff; but all that was done in those cases was as
nothing to that accomplished in dealing with the re
duction bill. In that case they virtually set aside ths
House bill altogether and substituted a new one.
When the Senate measure was reported to the House
objection was made to it on the ground of unconsti
tutionality, but the objection was not sustained, so
that a precedent has now been established whereby the
Senate can set aside a House revenue bill altogether
and make one of its own.
The two cases taken together show that the
strength of the Government is steadily passing into
the hands of the Senate. At the present time the Sen
ators have virtually obtained control of the civil ser
vice and claim the right to dictate a very large pro
portion of all the Presidential appointments. When
Cleveland was President two worthy appointments to
the Supreme Court were rejected by the Senate be
cause Senator Hill was opposed to them. If, now,
the Senate establishes the right to set one treaty aside
and make a new one, not in the name of the Presi
dent, but in the name of "the treaty-making power,"
and if, in addition thereto, it can set aside a revenue
bill of the House and substitute a new one, it will
have something like control over both foreign and
domestic affairs.
The laws of evolution apply to governments as to
individuals, and when once a certain tendency of
growth has been firmly set the progress in that direc
tion is af>t to be rapid. It is therefore worth while to
consider whether the time has not 'come when some
check should be put upon a body which has obtained
an unconstitutional control of patronage and is using
it to increase its power in every branch of the Gov
ernment.
The Chicago Judge who recently set aside a yer
dJct of a jury because it was based upon evidence
given by women has had the satisfaction of ; causing
a good deal of talk, but unfortunately for. him it is
notthe kind of talk that will encourage any one else .
Our local health officials are again playing fast and
loose with death. This time a patient at the Receiv
ing Hospital has learned that he died at the Countj
Hospital. He probably thinks that the doctors arc
determined to kill him even by proxy. .•
The Italian Ministry, which resigned a few days ago
was accused on the one hand of being too liberal and
on the other of not being liberal enough. Thi3 ap
pears to be one of those middle-of-the-road affairs
which ends between *wo grindstones.
General Roberts says that the'only.way in t which to
end the South African war is; to. disarm the Trans
vaal. For brilliancy of ; suggestion this equals the
shrewd observation that a man to.be rich must'have
money.
Mark Twain's contributions to the revieyrs since his
return home have been so extremely Berious as to
overdo the business and incline a good many people
to believe he is working a new kind of joke on the
country
country
It Is now ten -years since the General
Federation of Women's Clubs was organ
ized, and of the many movements which
have directly or Indirectly been fostered
by It that of State federation Is undoubt
edly the most far-reaching in the In
fluence which it exerts. In 1S93, three
years after the general federation was or
ganized, the Iowa Federation of Women 3
Clubs, composed of clubs from all parts
of that State, some being members of ths
general federation though more were not,
applied for membership in the general
federation. As there was absolutely.no
provision in the constitution for a State
association the Iowa federation was ad
mitted on the same terms as an indlvia
ual club would have been, paying a bi
ennial due of $10 and sending tho presi
dent and two delegates to the biennial
meeting. In the early part of 1834 the
State federations of Maine and Massa
chusetts applied for membership and
Sre also Xltted on the ¦g»%^""K"
was Iowa. Between May. 1894. JJ™ May.
1896. seventeen States organized federa
tions -and were taken into membership in
the general federation, stilT on the same
baslf as Individual clubs, though by thto
time several of them -embraced I nearly -100
clubs in their membership. The States
thus admitted were Ltah, Kansas. IU1-
*
Many Improvement Associations.
Next in interest are the departments of
civics and town and village Improvement
societies. There Is a marvelous record of
what has been accomplished In this
branch of -work by the State federations
from Texas to Maine and from the Pa
cific to the Atlantic. Small parks have
been purchased, and dedicated to the use
of the children. The members of the New
Jersey federation are assisting in rais
ing the $500,000 necessary to preserve the
Hudson palisades. The California feder
ation is working to protect the large red
wood trees. Minnesota, New Hampshire,
Pennsylvania and Maine are attracting
attention to the question of forest pre
serves. The Illinois and Massachusetts
federations have a lecture on the plant
ing and care of trees, landscape garden
ing, and practical suggestions for town
and village improvement. The lecture Is
illustrated by slides, and is furnished to
the clubs of the State free of charge.
Georgia has a special department in field
and garden work.
Club extension is another important
branch of club work. In several States—
notably Maine and Minnesota— this has
taken the form of establishing town ana
country clubs, where the city and country
women meet each other. -"¦ _- -.
In only four States Is philanthropy made
a distinct department— Delaware. South
Carolina, South Dakota and Vermont.
Many of the Stato federations use the
terms philanthropy and social economics
as interchangeable. The following: States
have departments of social economics:
New Hampshire, Illinois, Colorado, Mas
sachusetts and Oklahoma: while house
hold economics is a department of study
in the following federations: Oklahoma-
North Dakota, New York, Michigan,
i Establishing Free Libraries.
Public and traveling libraries are advo
cated by all the State federations. In 1S33
the State of New York Inaugurated the
traveling library system In connection
with the State library- The clubs of Ohio,
under the able leadership of Mrs Book
waiter, induced the State librarian to send
traveling libraries to the women's clubs.
The experiment was at once •» success.
Michigan has over 200 libraries for farm
ers' clubs and country towns. The Legis
lature of Iowa has adopted the traveling
library as a part of the State library sys
tem. Wisconsin has been very active In
securing traveling libraries. Senator
Stout originated the movement and fur
nished twenty-four libraries. Mrs. Mor
ris ex-president of the Wisconsin federa
tion was placed by the Governor on the
State board, and the clubs of Wisconsin
have furnished many of the libraries now
in circulation. Several of the Illinois
clubs have equipped libraries and started
them on their journeyings. The New Jer
sey federation has secured an appropria
tion from the State for this purpose. The
State federations of Georgia, Tennessee
and Kentucky have each a system of trav
eling libraries for the mountain districts.
Kentucky has fifty-five libraries, averag
ing flfty-flve volumes to the box, in circu
lation. The clubs are also collecting good
photographs of famous pictures and send
ing these collections to the rural districts
and to the mountaineers. In every State
the federations are organizing public trav
eling and school libraries.
Practical Work of Club Women.
The work of the State federations la
yearly becoming more practical. From
the recent reports of the annual meetings
some conception can be gathered of the
importance of the results obtained by the
State federations. It goes without say
ing that the chief interest of each one is
in education— beginning with the kinder
garten and extending to the university.
In all the State reports educational work
occupies the prominent position, while on
every programme is the topic of the edu
cation of* neglected, delinquent and de
pendent children. In Illinois the agitation
led by Mrs. J. M. Flower. Miss Lathrop of
the State Board of Charities and the late
Mrs. A. P. Stevens aroused all the
women's clubs, and the influence exerted
by the State Federation and the individual
clubs was a arreat factor in securing much
needed legislation for that class of chil
dren. The practical result of that legisla
tion is the assured fact of the Juvenile
court and the parental school. All the
State federations have advocated tr»e
founding of kindergartens in connection
with the public school system. In many
cities the Industrial clubs have supported
and are still supporting kindergartens,
while In many cities, as a result of tho
efforts of the clubs, kindergartens have
been incorporated a3 a part of.the public
school system. Several of the State fed
erations are devoting much attention to
the furthering of special school legislation.
One of the branches of work of the Mis
souri Federation Is reform In school laws.
South Carolina has a department of work
"establishing free kindergartens in. fac
tory counties and in neglected localities,",
and that federation has also secured free
scholarships for a large number of stud
ents in colleges. The Texas Federation
has a department to improve the grounds
about the public schools and furnish col
lections of good photographs to adorn the
walls. At the last annual meeting of the
New Hampshire Federation It was decid
ed to secure the needed legislation to es
tablish a home for feeble-minded children.
Up to that time the State had no place
for the care of this unfortunate class. In
Nebraska the State Federation is in active
co-operation with the State Teachers As
sociation- New York has a department
devoted to child study. Tennessee and
Georgia are working to introduce manual
training Into the public schools.
ganizations. for memDersnip in me uen
eral Federaton.
When the presidents of the State feder
ations shall become members of the exec
utive board of the General Federation
and proportional representation shall be
adopted the General Federation will In
crease in influence and in usefulness and
will become, as it were, a great clearing
house for the women's organizations az
the country. Until that time arrives it is
seriously- hampered by its lack of co-ordi
nation, and also by the fact that It prac
tically duplicates, at long range, the work
of the State federations.
gives such clubs the opportunity to^pre
sent their cause. Thus it is not difficult
to explain the rapid increase in the mem
bership of the State federations and their
growing Influence. - -. '&.:'*':
Clubs in the Various States.
The largest State federation is that of
Ohio, which has a membership of 230
clubs. Illinois comes next with "224 clubs.
New York has 213; Iowa. 1S3; Massachu
setts, 130; "Wisconsin. 120; Minnesota, 121;
Texas. 109; Pennsylvania, 112; Kansas. 103;
Michigan, 98, and Missouri, 90. The small
est, is that of Indiana, with five duos
The largest per capita membership is tnat
of tho New York State Federation, whicn
claims 30,000 members. Illinois has ».<*»;
Massachusetts over 21.000; Pennsylvania,
10,935. Ohio, with the largest number of
clubs, has a per capita membership or
£671. Colorado has more clubs in member
ship in the General Federation than has
any other State. Of the 100 clubs of the
Colorado State Federation <4 are also
members of the General Federation. Only
56 Illinois clubs are in the General Federa.
tlon. New York, with its large State
membership, has only 28 clubs in the Gen
eral Federation. Maine, with a State
membership of 100, has but four clubs in
the General Federation, while Georgia has
but 12 in the national organization.
For tho last four years the General Fed
eration has relied entirely for its increase
in membership on the State federations,
and outside of the State federations th?
membership of the General Federation
has been practically stationary. The re
sult of this state of afTairs is lamentable;
the States will Increase in power and will
exert more and more influence in the
council of the General Federation. The
presidents of the State federations, or the
boards of directors of those bodies, since
the Milwaukee biennial meeting, appoint
the secretary* who has charge of all the
(ieneral Federation matters for her State.
The General Federation has. then, no di
rect communication with the clubs of tn<j
State. The claim of the State Federation,
forj a per capita representation is being
pnfctlcally conceded, and a 10-cent per
capita tax was adopted at Denver.
Territorial federations are also eligible,
as are national societies and kindred or-
!_...:,_„,. *•,... nomkarahln in thu f.»n.
ANSWERS TO QUfcKlbs.
THE LIQUOR TRAFFIC-^O. C. S.. City.
There was a woman's crusade agralnat
liquor traffic in the State of Ohio. It be
gan In February. 1SM«
ARROWHEADS AND RAYS-S. A. I...
City It Is not the half dollars of 1SC3
with arrowheads at the date and rays
around the eagle that command a prem
ium. It is those without, for which an ad
vance of from $20 to $30 la offered.
SECTIONS. Subscriber. City. The dif
ferent United States land offices can fur
nish plats of the district In which th«v
SreCted. showing the territory UM
out In sections and marked Any fir «.
class bookseller can obtain for you such
a map as you ask for.
A DESERTER— C. R-. San Leanflro. CO.
A deserter from the navy of the TJn'.tel
States is a deserter always, unless par
doned by the President. If the authority
desrre they can prosecute a deserter at
any time, but the rule followed Is to prose
cute him within a certain time. In re
gard to the case named in the letter of
inquiry, communicate with the corairand
ant at the Navy Yard. Mare Island.
THE EDWARDS OF ENGLAND-M. C.
D.. San Rafael. Cal. To answer a!l tho
questions in a comprehensive manner la
relation to the Edwards of England vrouTd
take up a great deal more space than this
department can devote to any one corre
spondent. The information askorf may bo
obtained in any history of England or !n
a more condensed form In any first-c!a3J
encyclopedia.
BLUE GLASS. CRAZE— Inquirer. Oak
land. Cal. What was known as "th* blue
glass craze" was at Its height in tho early
part of 1SJ7. General Pleasanton claimed
that he had demonstrated by a series of
experiments that the blue rays of the -"-.a
had peculiar properties, due. It was held,
to the fact that it generated or dis
tributed the latent electricity In the at
mosphere. Under its influence both ani
mal and vegetable life was said to be In
fluenced: the sick were to be restored to
health and there was to be a revolution
right away In the matter of treatment of
the afflicted. For sick persons from one
quarter to on«-half of admitted light
should pass through blue glass, and for
plants one-eighth. The idea was given a
fair trial, but did not come up to expecta
tions.
AT HOTEL DEL CORONADO the season 1*
now on at full tide. American and European
plans. Beat of everything. Including the char
acter of entertainment. Apply 4 New Montssm.
ery «t.. city, for apeclal ticket.
WEDNESDAY FEBRUARY 20, 1901
JOHN D. SFRECKELS Prop/jftor.
iUm* AH C«Bmmni«*UeßtU W. B. LEASE. Km?'.
manager's office r ****J*}*?^L£s^!L2^.
PCBLICATIOX OFFICE... Marlcet and TUird. S. F.
Telephone Press SOI.
EDITORIAL lIOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered l»v Carrier-. 15 Centu Per Weelt
Mnjlc Copied. O Cent*.
Term* br Mail. Including Pontaarei
DAILT CALL ctncludlnp Sunday), one year »«-j~
DAILY CAI>I-. (Including Bunday). 6 months — •• •
I>AIL.T CALT. flncSudlns Sunday). S months •
DAILY CAI.L-Ey EtnpJe Month
EVXDAT CALL. One Tear "
\7EEKLT CALL, One Tear ivl
All postmasters are aclhoriied to receive
¦nbnerlptlons.
Bacple ccpif" wffl I* forwarded when requested.
to^Bure a prompt and correct compUance wtth theJr request.
DAKLAM) OFFICE ™™ Broadway
C. GEOItGE KROCXESS.
Ktcs^tr Tereiga AfiTtrtiting. Harqnetta BnUdlng. CMe»g«.
(Lo^ Distance Telephone "Central 2€19.")
KTVT TOKK CORRESPONDETT:
C C CARLTOX Herald S«nare
SEV YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3O Trlbone Bntldtnc
NTTW TORE XEWS STANDS:
Weiaorf-ABtorta Hotel; A. Brentano, a Union Baoare;
ilnrray Hin HoteL
WASHINGTON" <D. C> OFFICE 1400 G Sfc, X. TV.
aiOKTOV E. CUANE. Correspondent.
URAXCII OFFICES — C 27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, cpea
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 655
McAHlFter open until 9:30 o'clock. €15 Larkln. open until
9:30 o'clock. IMI Mission, open until 10 o'clock. K6l Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1036 Valencia, open
until 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
tvpr Twecty-seccnd and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The San Francisco Call.
General View of the Women's Club Move-.
ment and What the Federations Are
Accomplishing.
-
By Ellen M. Henrotin,
EX-PRESIDENT OP THE GENERAL FEDERATION OP WOMEN'S CLUBS.
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
tiori of the capital of California will have to "seek
employment '"not in growing more fruit but in manu-'
facturing fruit preserves. -
The result is: sure to prove beneficial an. the end.
We can learn in that respect a" valuable lesson from'
the Southern States. So long as cotton sold at 10
cent3 or more per pound there was no money in the
South for anything except cotton-planting. The
whole South had but that one industry. When the
output of cotton became so large that the crop,
brought hardly more than 5 cents a pound the indus
try became unprofitable to large numbers of people.
The lawyers, merchants, bankers and others who un
der the old price could make a profit from their fields
found themselves compelled to quit cotton-growing.
The industry would support none but those who di
voted all their energies to it. The consequence was
that all of the amateur cotton-growers were forced to
seek other investments for their money. Naturally they}
turned to the manufacture of cotton, and in a com
paratively . few years small . cotton mills sprang into
operation all over the Southern States.
Something of the same kind is about to happen in
California. The industry of fruit-growing in this
State will soon have to be left to men who make it
the object of their daily work. The amateurs will
have to quit the business. The money thus released
from the cultivation of orchards will be available for
use in the operation of fruit factories. We shall cease
shipping fruit pulp. We shallship the - finest jam3,
jellies and conserves in the world, and fruit which
would now be sold for a few cents a pound will then
bring ten times the amount.
Iowa and Kansas. Maryland has a spe
cial department of finance. •-
Oregon has just organized a Stat© fed
eration and has applied for membership
In the general federation. Louisiana has
also organized a State federation.
From this brief review of the organiza
tion and rapid development .of the State
federations some Idea of their far-reach
ing Influence may bo gleaned. It goes
without saying that as they are all work
ing in educational. Instructive and co-or
dinating lines the.r work is littl*
known and not appreciated at «alC Its
value. But as the State federations be
come more conscious of their power they
will learn to use it; It will always be to
the advantage of any State to have
within its borders a large body of won$*>n
pledged to the higher interests of educa
tion, civics and social economics apart
from "politics."
THE HAWAIIAN DELEGATE. ]
THE failure of the attack on Mr. Wilcox will
admonish the people of Hawaii and teach them
the serious nature of the obligations imposed
jy annexation.
In the rush of adventurers to Honolulu which fol
owed the revolution of 1893 there was imported
learly every trick and artifice known to the politics of
;his. country. .These were -by no means in abeyance
iuring the interregnum between the revolution and
innexation, but were brought to bear to effect the
atter. It is one of the interesting incidents of the
ransfer of sovereignty to this country that the Ha
vaiian Government did not officially participate in the
ict that made transfer possible. That Government
-atified a treaty of annexation, which was also sub-
Tutted to the Senate for ratification, and failed. That
; ailure killed the treaty. It was void, null, and as if
t had never s existed. Therefore the action of the Ha
waiian Government upon annexation was also void,
md fell dead, ineffective and without force. The ef
fort at annexation perished on the doorstep of the
United States Senate. It would never have revived
bad not the Spanish war occurred. When that short
and not very glorious struggle occurred Congress
passed a joint resolution annexing Hawaii, and the
Hawaiian Government took no legislative action at
all nor did anything in the way contemplated by its
constitution. The United States simply went over
and took possession. The natives and their close
congeners seem to have comprehended the kind of
politics which that loose action implied, and pro
ceeded to fortify, themselves and prepare to do politics
on their own acount
When the first election took place there was an eye
opening surprise. The Republican and Democratic
parties had held conventions and made a campaign
in the good old-fashioned way. • It was a continental
campaign, however, transplanted to insular con
ditions, and it failed to work.
The Republican and Democratic candidates for
Congressional delegate were snowed under, over
whelmed in a brotherhood of misfortune, and • Mr.
Robert Wilcox, native, soldier, scholar, sentimental
ist, adventurer, revolutionist, was elected by a major
ity so large that a recount held out no hope, and a
contest was out of the question.
It is said the Kahunas did it. These Kahunas rep
resent the ancient priesthood, and their wink goes a
long distance with the native voter, whose respect
for Christianity has been somewhat shaken, and
whose faith in Pele has revived.
It is rather hard to find fault with the Kanakas and
the Kahunas in view of the fact that the other par
ties were conjuring for votes in the name of Chris
tian civilization. The Kahuna had the same right to
conjure and exercised it with better effect. He stood
for the other kind of civilization, -for the Hawaii of
the Conqueror, and won.
The victory of Wilcox may do us some good at
home. We must not expect to expand into the
tropics and carry our America there. We must thus
early get accustomed to the peculiarities of the va
rious tribes of men we have taken in. Annexation
does not extend New England climate, pie for break
fast, Chicago politics, Tammany tactics and all our
other gifts, graces and virtues to the equator, to
prevail unchallenged. The native article has to be
reckoned with.
After all there are other Kahunas than those that
conjure under the alligator pear trees of Hawaii. Mr.
Croker is the great Kahuna of Tammany, who ren
ders unto, no man an account of his incantations, and
has he not been hailed as a prophet by that oth;r
peerless and oratorical Kahuna of Nebraska?
There was no just cause for refusing Mr. Wilcox
his seat. He is a picturesque person with a pictur
esque record, representing a picturesque district;
and. after all, it is. probable that if his two com
petitors, the Hon. Sam Parker and ¦' Prince David,
were scratched the old order would be found just as
close to their skins as it is to his. If we are to have
Polynesia in this Union let it be represented not only
by Polynesians in blood but in belief and in prac
tice.
"GOES TO THE "SPOT*.
There is food that feeds tha
lungs and wind-pipes ; it feeds
the whole body; but thelung part
more than the rest of the body*
Scott's emulsion of cod-liver*
You think it not food but 3
medicine. Both. There 15
more lung food, in an ounce oi
it, than in a pound of porten
house steak; and "it goes to
the spot." What else does
"medicine" mean ?
It "goes to the spot*
We'll tend you a little to trr.Uyoallka. J
SCOTT & BOWNE, 409 Pearl itreet, TStew Tottf
Choice candles. Townsend**. Palace Hotel.*
CaL glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont A
gomery st. Telephone Main 1041 •
It Is the custom of tlfe Alabama XMstrlct
of the United Mine "Workers to elect 4
negro as vice president.
California— "The Waifs of New Tor*.*"
Alhambra— "Uncle Josh Spruceby."
Orjiheum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "Cyrano de Bergerac*
Alraxar— "•What Hari^ned to Jones."
Columbia— "Zaxa," Mcnflay. February £5.
Tlvcll— "Wlrard of th« Nile."
Central— "Chlmmie Fadden."
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
¦vesta*.
F! sr her* s— Va u<3 «1I>.
Goldfn Gate Hall— Abt. the Mandollnlet.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Races.
Tanforan Park— Races.LICK OBSERVATORY PROFESSORS. VTHO ARE NOW ON THEIR WAY
TO SUMATRA ABOARD THE NIPPON MARU, THERE TO TAKE PHO
TOGRAPHS OF THE SUN'S OBSCURATION.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 19— George D.
Gear was appointed to-day Judge of the
Circuit Court of Hawaii. He Is the man
who preferred charges In the Housg
against Delegate Wilcox of that country.
He is an attorney.
Judge in Hawaii Named.
"YTaterman," "Stanly," "Marshall" and
"Falcon" Fountain Pens are the best in
the world for the money. Sanborn, Vail
&. Co., Stationery Department, Belling
agents tor San Francisco. •
mittee of the Senate Committee on Mili
tary Affairs, havlnp In charpe the armv
appropriation bill, has agTeed to add to
the bill Senator Spooner's amendment,
providing for a civil government in the
Philippine Archipelago. The committee
•will restore the word "Judicial." eliminat
ed from the amendment by the Philippine
Commission, thus giving the President ex
plicit authority over the judicial branch
of the Government.
President to Exercise Authority Over
the Judicial Branch of the Fro
posed System.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.-The subcom-
CIVIL GOVERNMENT
POR THE PHILIPPINES
For a Pacific Cable.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19. - Senator
Hanna, from the Committee on Com
merce, to-day made a favorable report to
the Senate upon Senator Perkins' amend
ment to the. sundry civil appropriation bill
A bill was passed to extend to the sub
port of Everett. Wash., the privileges of
the Immediate transportation of dutiable
merchandise without appraisement.
Teller said a system of hazing had
grown up at West Point totally unlike
that In any other institution in the coun
try. It ought to be suppressed with a
strong hand. Men who practiced that sort
of brutality, he declared. wer» unfitted for
the command of Amerltpn soldiers. "The
people are outraged by tnis practice." said
h*. "We have got to stop it. or eventu
ally dismantle the institution."
The conference report was then rejected.
Allen of Nobraska In opposing any
change in the penalty prescribed by the
conference report for hazing had read a
part of the report of the House committee
which investigated the death of young
Booz. which he declared had "no parallel
for barbarity in prize-fighting, in bear
baiting or in bull-fighting."
Tillman said that those, cadets who prac
ticed hazing upon their physical inferiors
were "brutes and dogs," and he doubted
whether the provision against hazing
could go too far.
"This school at West Point." he assert
ed, "has become a disgrace In the eyes of
the world on account of hazing."
Depew in opposing the hazing penalty
declared it had been adopted under public
clamor, and that Congress had acted upon
impulse rather than upon Judgment. He
agreed that dismissal from the academy
ought to follow conviction of hazing, but
the young man. he scid. Ehould not leave
West Point with a brand upon him.
Butler urged that Congress ought not
' to" be swept off its feet by popular clamor.
! He believd that" in this Instance Congress
was enacting extreme legislation without
I due consideration. He said hazing in
¦¦ moderation was not a thing to be put
I down by penal legislation. He had known
i men in college who were the better for
1 hazing in moderation. It did them good—
{ took the conceit out of them.
This action came at the conclusion of a
spirited debate upon the provisions
against hazing Inserted in the report by
the conference committee of the two
branches of Congress. Discussion of the
provision, which was precipitated at the
close of yesterday's session by Daniels of
Virginia, occupied the greater part of to
day's session, and the report of the con
ferees was rejected because it was regard
ed by a large majority of the Senate as
too drastic, and while no instructions
could be given the conferees by the Sen
ate it was understood that to secure fa
vorable action by the Senate a modified
provision as to the penalty for hazing
would have to be presented and agreed
upon by the conferees.
Sewell called up the conference report
on the military academy bill, which
aroused the opposition of Daniel of Vir
ginia, at the close of yesterday's session.
Sewell- defended the action of the con
ferees, holding that they had followed the
instructions of both the Senate and the
House. He declared that many people
thought Booz -was killed by hazing, and
that If there was anything this country
demanded it was a law to prevent such a
crime as hazing.
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 13.~By the em
phatic vote of IS to 42 the Senate late this
afternoon rejected the conference report
on the military academy appropriation
bill. *
Practices of tho West Point
Cadets Are Vigorously
Denounced.
HAZING IS SCORED
IN THE SENATE
"I would -give Nevada a day in court to
litigate her rights as against those of Cal
ifornia," replied Cannon. "But I think It
will be far better to make out of Nevada
•with its 40,000 inhabitants, a respectable
county of California."
"Do you believe the reservoir sites in
California, from which Nevada could be
watered, should be ceded to Nevada?"
asked Newlands.
"In some respects," said Cannon, "I am
a pretty good Democrat— better than some
of those calling themselves such on the
other side. I believe in local self-govern
ment. I will vote to give every acre of the
arid lands to the States in which located
and to give to those States the power to
go into the courts and to allow them to
determine as between themselves their
rights In the mr.tter. I don't believe any
other policy can be pursued without mak
ing the population of the arid land States
dependent upon the United States."
After some further remarks by Mondell
of Wyoming, King of Utah and Bell of
Colorado, Cannon, chairman of the Ap
propriations Committee, concluded this
branch of the debate. The arid land Sen
ators and Representatives, he said, had
arrived at the conclusion that the time
had come to irrigate the arid lands at the
expense of the Federal treasury. Cannon
predicted that if the scheme were entered
upon It would cost more than $750,000,000
in the next fifty years.
A somewhat similar resolution of In
quiry addressed to the Secretary of State
also was adopted.
The House then resumed consideration
of the sundry civil bill. The item appro
priating J100.000 for the investigation of
underground currents and artesian wells
In the arid land regions and the prepara
tions of reports upon the best methods of
utilizing the water resources of those re
gions Jed to a considerable debate upon
the subject of the irrigation of arid lands.
The whole question was threshed over.
Hill of Connecticut said the great scheme
of irrigation would cost the Government
$36,000,000,000. Rowlands of Nevada said
those figures were chimerical. >>
Resolved, That the Secretary cf the Treasury
be requested to Inform the House if "our ports
or waters" have been used for the exportation
of horses, mules and other supplies for use In
South Africa, and if so to what extent, and
what steps have been taken to prevent the
.¦ame; also the number of horses and mules
that have been shipped since the beginning of
the war In South Africa to the present time.
Bivlng the shipments from each port and the
dates.
Chairman Hltt of the Committee on
Foreign Relations reported back the reso
lution of Inquiry introduced by Xapphen
of Massachusetts, and it was adopted.
The resolution is as follows:
The feature of the day was the debate
upon the question of national irrigation
of arid lands in the West, which came up
incidentally. No material amendments
were placed upon the bill to-day. Cannon
reported the Ia3t of the general appropria
tion bills, the deficiency.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.-The House
spent the day upon the sundry civil ap
propriation bill and reached the ninety
ninth page. There are 135 pages In the
bill.
Irrigation of Barren Terri
tory Sulject of Debate
in the House.
NEED OF MONEY
FOR ARID LAND
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.— The communi
cation received from Embassador Tower
at St. Petersburg respecting the Russian
sugar duty is said to have been little more
than a terse summary of the opinions of
the Russian Ministers ajid newspapers as
to the prospects of further trouble be
tween Russia and the United States.
The Embassador made it plain that in
his estimation there was little danger of
any strain being put upon the friendly
political relations existing between the
Lnited States and Russia, while there was
a general conviction among newspapers
and in public that the present economic ls
su e between the two countries will be set
tled In such a manner as to leave not a
scar.
Friction Over Sugar Duty Will
Be Easily Removed.
Embassador Tower Predicts That the
UNCLE SAM NOT TO
QTTABREL WITH BTJSSIA
authorizing preliminary contracts to be
made for a submarine cable from San
Francisco to Honolulu. The amendment
makes an appropriation of 5500,000 to be
Immediately available.
Georgia last May, and of which Professor
Perrine was also a member. The expenses
of three similar expeditions were defrayed
by the late Colonel C. F. Crocker and an
other one by Mrs. Phebe Hearst. The
present expedition should be home the
latter part of August.
ing his assistants so that they can take
their photographs on the exact second
indicated by the chronometer.
The entire expenses of the expedition
are bcrne by William H. Crocker. This
Is the second he has sent out from the
Lick Observatory, the first one being to
The expedition will travel by the way
of Honolulu. Yokohama, Hongkong, Sing
apore and Batavia; thence through tho
Straits of Sunda to Padang on the west
coast of Sumatra. Professor Perrine ex
pects that It will take nve weeks of ex
tremely hard work to m?unt the instru
ments after the camp has been pitched.
Although only two observers pro from
the Lick Observatory, from twelve to fif
teen assistants will be required to manip
ulate the Instruments. Professor Perrine
expects to get three assistants from the
officers of the Dutch Governor in Padang:,
and as the work will be nearly all photo
graphic it is not necessary the assistants
should be trained astronomers. The pro
fessor expects to have everything in read
iness about a week before the eclipse and
the Intervening time will be spent in train-
AMOKG the passengers who sailed
for the Orient on the Japanese
mail steamship Nippon Maru yes
terday were Assistant Astrono
mer C. D. Perrine of the I<ick Ob
servatory and Ralph EL Curtiss, formerly
Ftudent assistant of the observatory at
Berkeley, but now an assistant at the
L,lck Observatory. They take along with
them nearly four tons of instruments and
their ultimate destination Is the Island
of Sumatra, where they will observe the
total eclipse of the sun on May 17 next.
Botn Butler of North Carolina and Pet
tlgrew cf So«th Dakota were on their feet
instantly with objections.
"Under the objection." said Hale, "t'.ie
bHl will g-a to the calendar. I give tho
Senate notice that as soon a? practicable
I 'Will call up the bill. If anything is to
be done it should be done within a few
days in order that it may have considera
tion by the House of Representatives and
the President. If It be de!aved lene it
will fall by the wayside and nothing- will
be £one."
At the opening of to-day's session of
the Senate Hale, chairman of the Com
mittee on Naval Affairs, favorably re
ported from that committee the bill to re
vlve the gra.de of vice admiral of tn<?
navy and authoriz^inff ihe President, with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to
appoint two \iee admirals from the lift
of active rear admirals of the navy. Ha
a^ked immediate consideration for the
bilL
WASHINGTON. Feb. 13.-The Senate
Committee on Naval Affairs to-day
fc£Tc*>d to rejjort favorably upon all the
nominations of naval officers for advance
ment rxc^pt 'hr>se of Admirals Sampson
ar-.d" Schley. They also decided to recorn
rr.eT.d the revival of the crade of vice
admiral and the appointment of two rear
admirals to this office, 'he intention being
that the President shaii name Messr*
Sampson and Schley.
Th:s course was taken by the committee
In order to avoid the renewal of the
Batr.peon-Schley controversy in connection
with the nominations, but there was somo
indication in the commiuee meeting that
this controversy might be raised over tic
Question of precedence In namlne the two
vice adrniraJs, some Senators deslrinc to
specify that Admiral Schley should bo
first named. The same contention arose
¦ ever the resolution of thanks suggested
br the President, and the measure was
not acted upon.
Both Oncers Will Probably Be Ad
vanced in Rank in Recogni
tion of Spanish War
Service.
Ssnate Decides on Plan to
End Sampson-Schley
Controversy.
VICE ADMIRALS
MAY BE NAMED
scientists sail for sumatra
to view Total eclipse of sun
Professors Perrine and Curtiss of the Lick Observatory Leave on
the Nippon Maru for Padang, Where, on May 17, They
Will Photograph the Announced Astronomical Phenomenon
7
X-JCXX^ OAJ^ JX^ATjy
ATJVEBTISEMZ2JTS.
AMTJSEM3SNTS.
MATINEE TO-DAT (WED.), Feb. 20.
Parquet, 23c, any seat; balcony, 10c; children,
10c, any part except reserved.
A Big Bill and Entirely New.
DUMOND'S MINSTRELS; A. I* GUI1X.E;
THP.EE KELCEY SISTERS: JOHNNIE
JOHNS: AL and MAMIE ANDERSON:
IDALENE COTTON and NICK LONG:
DOROTHY STUDEBAKER: GEORGE
AUSTIN MOORE; THE GREAT AMERI-
CAN BIOGRAPH.
SPECIAL MATINEE FRIDAY NEXT. 1
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
Tickets Now On Sale.
*TIVOLI*
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAY
"THAT'S ONE THING AWIZARD CAN DO."
CROWD THE HOUSE NIGHTLY.
WIZARD
?Z E NILE!
By Harry B. Smith and Victor Herbert.
Reappearance of ALF. C. WHEELAN,
"HOOT MONI"
POPULAR PRICES 2S and SO cents
Telephone — Bush 9.
HLABMHnfMnnniiHBaHdH^^H H 1
Phone Stuth 770.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL. WEEK.
THE ORIGINAL - '¦ .
UNCLE\ 8S 2 p £! Ie -
JCySH Bands.
SPRUCES Y.
Grand Operatic Orchestra. Carload of Special
Scenery. All New Specialties.
Watch for the Parade Onen-Alr Concert.
PRICES— 25c. 35c. 60c and 75c. Matinee—
15c, 25c, 35c and 50c
-¦ Next Sunday Afternoon.
AL G. FIELD GREATER MINSTRELS.
BE LAS CO amo THJUXSyLfdfe
m m W tmSTt CJTT HAJU
Phone South 533
TO-NIGHT. Every Evening- This Week.
SPECIAL MATINEE Washington's Birthday.
FRIDAY. FEB. 22.
' Regular Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Grand Production of the Great Comedy Drama.
GHIMMIE Fl||
See tha ' Bowery " Boy— fcHIMMIE FADDES.
. Bowery ot New Tork Realistically Pictured.
Bowery Characters Humorously Portrayed.
DDIfEC Evenings ..........10c, 15c, 35c. 50c
inltCj Matinees 10c. 15c 25c
Next Week — Mammoth Production of "THE
GIRL I LEFT BEHIND ME."
A O^T THE GREATEST
£\ ¦"% I ». MANDOLINIST IN THE
<^ m *-* * .' J WORLD.
WEEK OF FEB. 18— GOLDEN GATE HALL.
GRABBER'S MANDOLIN CLUB, 100 Memliera
V^? HAZEL LEZYNSKV; Soprano.
ABT uses and Indorses the Famous WASH-
BURN Mandolin, for which KOHLER *
CHASE are sole acents.
AMUSEMENTS.
BaMaamBtWTMffttvfyyferfWw'CTcfJjjSBB
THIS WEEK ONLY— MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Sensational Scenic Production.
THE WAIF'S
9 NEW YORK
rtiTn The Great Bridge Scene.
\U H. The Famous Old Five Points.
UJuJJj The Great Fire Scene.
POPULAR PRICKS ..75c. 50c. 25n
WATCH FOR THE STREET PARADE AT
. NOON DAILY. ,
Next Sunday Afternoon— THAT WHICH
will please us most,
"the village parson."
CALIFORNIA THEATER-Special
..LAST RECITAL.
TO-DAY at ?:30 p.m.
The World's Distinguished Violinist,
Lulllluld JduJLoUll
Assisted by Miss Joeejihlne Elburna, Soprano.
¦ and Mr. Selden Pratt, Accompanist.
PRICES... $1.50.. $1.00 and 50c
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
QRAND' OPERA MOUSE
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT
AND
M. COQUELIN,
Under the Direction of. MR. MAURICE GRAU.
MATINEE TO-DAT.
"L4 DAME A UX C AMELIAS."
TO-NIGHT, Thursday and Friday Nights,
"CYRANO DE BERGERAC."
SATURDAY MATINEE. Instead of "Phe-
dre," by general request "La Tosca" will
be presented, to be followed by "Les Predeuses
Ridicules": Saturday evening, farewell night,
third act of "Cyrano <!e Bergerac," third act
of "La T.:sca." monoloKue by M. Coquelln, last
two acts of "La Dam* eux Camelias."
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT and M. COQUE-
LIN Will Appear In Every Performance.
Branch Ticket Ofllce — Emporium.
RACING I RACING I RACING I
I9CO— WINTER MEETING— 1901. ' v^
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
FEB. 11 TO FEB. 13. INCLUSIVR
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine. .
- Fire or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. ~ ¦.. .
' Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 11 m. and
11:80, 1. 1:30, J. J:30 and 3 p. m.. - connecting
with trains stopping at tha entrance t > tha
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy. your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mola con-
nect, with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
ecfl Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars,
go direct to the track. In fifteen minutes.
m Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. 'WILLIAMS JR.. President. .
R. : B. MILROY, Secretary.:
CHUTES ANiyZOO
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL!
TO-MORROW NIGBT, TflE AMATEURS
And a Ladies' Running Race.
Telephone for Seats. Park 23
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
of railroads. ¦
Office, 30 Montgomery street •
ADVEBTISEMEUT3,
like Grandmother used to
make will mean more to
the coming generation
than it does to us, even,
because people didn't have
White
Cotiolene
when we were boys and
girls. You can never ap-
preciate just how much
better a perfect crust makes
the pie until you have once
laid aside hog fat long
enough to try WHITE
COTTOLKNE. Being a
tasteless, odorless and neu-
tral vegetable product, it
is the best shortening and
frying medium.
a The NJCJalrbanJc Company,
Chicago-Sole Manufacturers.
PPFF! Our dainty booklet,
HILL.- » A public Secret.'*
mailed free to any address.
For two 2c stamps we will
send free our 125-page recipe
book, "Home Helps," edited
by Mrs. Rorer.
P. S.— No Hog Fat in COTTOLENB
n 1 1 1 n r Thcse hotels p° s -
I ALAuL sess the attributes
j that tourists and
Onn travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location,
PDA KIR liberal manage-
U II ft II U ment, modern ap-
IJflTri 0 pointments' and
HUlhU,
S2I1 FranCiSCO. ropean plans.
rCHICME«TCR'» CNQLI8H
ENNYROYAL, PILLS
/J^~v - Origiaal and Only Qenntne.
>L<tS-«sS*Ml for CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH
fef«J^81IU «» KED «d 6.11 «^^ll 0 text..
T?\ »lik tlu« ribbon. Take no ataer. B«fa*a
1 = 7 ¥*^W I>««««J»M. 8ab.Ut.Uoa. aod lilU:
I iSj M it^E i « ft 7.-f> rtl . 0 " 1 *'^ T«stlB»«alala
-\^JA ' *«"¦¦ MalU 10.0WO TMtlaisBiklt. Sold by
„ „ ' sn Drugg1/t.. Cktehaatar Chenlral C««
i^B^DEWEY,STR0N68cC0.^gg!^
r i)
MARKET ST.SJF.^SSS^
| This store will be closed all day Friday, February 22d— Washington 's 'Birthday »
I SaoolalSale 'ElJISA#^i^l H 1 14 & Pompadour I
j: Hair Pins, m Hi ¦" W RfH wrmBw&E m I mbM combs we j
£ a^odozrn Bone Hair B ¦ HsJiBtV™ B|^^ XM %M M —A special purchase; S\
» Pins in shell, amber PgBj BfP 9 • |W@ 24 doitn Pornpaiour }
and b.'ack; regularly W &J4+ m ' JrZ m <T* **wM Combs; worth 20c £
tf 20c. a dozen; to-day pi» qJB>f>l<f B^llP#^ F>*rf^ "Z^\^\ 1% **4 - each i oa sale to-day, Jj
$ IOC CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE !°. ly ;.:;;; f OC j
}f ;&aie OF- ' Owing to the jainy weather on Monday many of our ciistomers could not S
*» ColOretl DreSS CtOOtlS. avail themselves of the' rare bargains that we offered on that day. We *
ii therefore repeat the Dress Goods Sale to-day (Wednesday). . About iooo yards of 38-inch All- Wool Dress Fabrics, .1
pretty knickerbocker suitings in new spring mixtures and camel's hair cheviots, and a lew plaids and checks O>af
Jf for children's wear; all regular 50c values; sale price to-day only — per yard tf4C $
J — 'J
$ Ladies' Storm GoiTSef Sale. These Ice Cream \
i Rubbers 32c, n V , f >¦ Sets for 37c. \
5 We have te- .^ Unw closing Ume Saturday night: 37C f cr a fin-: imi- 3»
j^ cured an- J y^ / /y\ l / l !^^\\ Assorted lot of al1 kinds of Corsets and nearly tation cut glass %
2 other lot of T&if^^ p\ all sizes, that have been 75c to B:n 7 cr Ice jff -y'f/Wv&5§^>wv-v.
% about 600 >/^ y^^X fi-oo, all at one price to close £&%m Cream Set of 7^mT^T |A~X»fcy .1
I S'lt C___^-<CI/ A..$,.50,..25.nd$..0OCo W ts 69 c-A. TZ^^^%^3 \
t and Sandal Rubbers, made on the new style * ssorted lo ; of fin . e C^ ts ' hcz^ "^ ««» large eight-inch \ttfo&*k$m7 "5
5 toes; the kind that retail regularly for 5 oc a J nc '? raad 5' 8tandard ™ k *> *&"* k™ i i s h a n d six Wf» S
If pair and will sell all nzes to-day * * s '°°. to •»««'. «g, d-m« &» mall dishe, to .1
J only- prrpair 32C Saturday n.ght, tfquantmes last. g|f| match; our offer to^y-oomplete
If ****** setofjpicces 3/C Ii
% Special Sale — — ¦ 'X
% Corduroy Binding. HaIf~PHce Sale \
I? A jobber has closed out to us at half regular WZSm mm -m
' J, price 560 pieces Black Corduroy Binding, 'Juffi'laf M 2%MMt%W* •f3f* s QGC(£>C 'h
g which if bought in, the regular way would flpT ' •«¦*¦«#•» ¦#! CrOOCO «*##!# jj
J( retail at 20c a piece; each piece contains 4 v^, &lfiwfc Affi T§*Si& WlF*%£Z&r m
» yards, and the special sale price ~ n ' f®Of^\ l#aTlsT# 19 W%MM M MMM9 VWdSKm
I Wednesday only-per piece...... 1 OC ffl f\ $I^DreSSeS $7^0 $30 DreSSeS $15.00 '$
i Special Sale wlfA $ 20 Dresses $40 D-es^es $20.00 •;
% Hurd's Stationery; XU . -£6o Dresses $30.00 3
X To-day only we offer 400 boxes of Hurd'f very 1/ Mm SnlftS Half PrtCG. 5l
5 test quality of Society Note Paper, in club , W s/ Rainv-nqv Skirts W00 \
ft and Gladstone shapes; 24 sheets of paper and A WA . #O.OOI\dlIiy UdyOKiriS
Jf 2 S en^opes; regularly S oc— for / h \ $7.^o Rainy- Day and Dress Skirts.. $3.75 *
* '... /// \ -gio Rainy-Day and Dress Skirts.... $5.00 ;5
* Table Knives. /^m f\ \ Si Rainy- Day and Dress Skirts $7.50 ;3
| Set of Six 98c. W^fe«£pik FMed Ba <*k Jackets Half Price, a
I Just ioo sets of th«e triple-p'ated medium- \^ $7- ?O JacketS.$3.75 $IC Jackets. .$7^0 3
jf sized Knives, with satm-nmshed handles, J\,*^ Zt • i i i <?C flA S» i i •? «n r\f\ ii
If plated blades; sold regu'arly for $1.25 per $10 JaCKetS . . V>.UU >2O JaCKetSj. 10.00 .1
j^ set of 6; on special tale to-day _ _ ' ' \J
j only-per set...; 9SC SHCCt MUSIC SpCCiaf So/C *
i Boys' $5 and 96 15c a Copy. Golf Shirts. 3
Jf lfeSt Be SuitS ' To-day, Wednesday only, we offer We're cleaned up the balance of a Shirt manu- £
5 TV* fla»«# Ofl the following popular Sheet Music, facturer'j season's output of Men's Fancy "^
j f O'Uay &*.&&. pub l ished at 5OC a copy , an d which GfJ*™' -th separate cuft to match, *
"£ We hive withered ii i i » *" E°°" patterns and coloruigs, the kind that _
i : , JPI St£ \i*7£ " c scl1 rcguIarl - v at 25C ' 15 G «£W^T* S£3 on i
S ®M?% broken lines of Ves- for *«F«Lr regular sal e to-<iay only yj ? *% *
i tc= Suits for Boys "J ust B -" use She d = Them Goo-Goo »#• £ C *
•» K J "i to 6 year3 of age Lyes . •_
K only, about IS o "I Can't Tell Why I Love You, But I Da."
h' /llfFfiAT; Q\ suits in all, fine aU- "Bliss Forever Pait. Snt*cfal Saif* "2
I' JHVJ A wool cheviots, "When Chloe Sings a Song." OpeWfll Oflie .5
£ MW'-mwtk. twecd5 and C3S5i - '?5/L ger cM ly » Scrim Curtains, :j
* Wfi: ISrm. K In UU^ "Mv K«hV R M ie •' 100 pa^rs of Scrim Curtains, with wide ruffle, S
** Wffi:? W^f ayl ' br ° W - rg - M wo^hresnlarlysoc a pair, pretty curtain; *
I IBJ *'»~? Groceries To-Day, «£_- -- h-j $
i Ii I M ¥ 'f' m ,' S:ng / FtOyal Baking PO WdOl-, U>.3BO on spedal sale Wednesday onlv, per _ _ \
Z l'''tJV\ or douale breasted; Salt— 3-pound packages best fine table, equal to ; r r ' ' r 69 C *
K jlfiffYii suits that arC 8old our R. S. V. P., regularly 15c, to-day, per - , ¦ ; *
If IOT nf regu'arly by us a: package IOO — \ jj
ft? ilM ! 55-°° an<^ ffi-oo, Peach :s — Choice eraporated, regu'arly 3 lbs m Smmmm^^mm^ T** n~%mr !*
jf iff j aad because we have 2 to-day, 4 pounds 25O MmWffUUr'» M U-MJiMy* $
IT M siii3ij only the sizes from La r d— Best Eastern 3-pound tins, regularly Port or Sherry — A good tab!e quality, regu!ar!y •'
ft* fiA-dj?* dl$$ 3 to 6 years, put to-day 300 7S C a i^^t to-day only 55c '5
I them on special sale Coffee — Fami'.y b!en-J, regular'.y 25c a pound, Lath's Bitters — Regu'arly 75c a bottle, to-day ~%
5 ¦ w to close out to-dav t0 .d a y 20O <>*** G5O •*
K on >' — each &H& Qj5? Cocoa— Ghirardclli's ) '-pound tin', regularly Canadian Club Whiskey — The genuine Hirim \
\ mP&*&*+ 25c, to-day 20O Walker product, per bottle $1.2O $
THE E2&POBXTTBC
AMUSEMENTS.
ACT 1— YOU LAUGH.
ACT 2— YOU YELL.
ACT 3— YOU. SCREAM.
"What Happened
To Jones "
Regular Matinees Saturday and Sunday
SEATS— 15c. 25c, S5c. 50c.
EXTRA MATIXEE FRIDAY. February O.
Washington's BIrtliday.
NEXT TVEEK--COUXTES3 GUCKI."
UULiUIWlOlA LEADlJiQ THEATRE
' NOTE — 'So telephone or mall orders taken for
the first nlzht.
Safe*? FEBRUARY 25th,
ONLY APPEARANCES HERE OF MRS.
LESLIE CARTER
After Her London Triumph.
As Z/\ZJ\ in
DAVID BELASOyS PLAT
(A Version of Berton Sc Simon's Drama).
MRS. CARTER, by Special Request, wilj
give an Extra Matinee,
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 2T.
In Addition to the Regular Saturday Matinee.
PRICES-t2.C0. $L50. U.00. 73c and 80c
SEAT SALE Bcaln * a ?g;^g. RROW
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK.
Continuous Racing. Beginning Monday. FebrU*
ary 11. 1301.
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH "WEEK DAT.
Six Stake Events. Three Hurdle Races and Sl«
Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OF THE DAT AT 1:10 P. M.
• Trains leave Third and Townsend streets for
Tanforan Park at 7. 10:40, 11:30 a. m., 12:40. L
1:30 and 2 p. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park
for San Francisco at 4:15 p. m., followed aftet
the last race at Intervals of a few minutes by
several specials. Seats In rear cars reserved for
ladles and their escorts. Admission to course,
Including railroad fare, |l 25.
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWARD POWERS. Racing Secretary.
HENSCHELS.
FOUR RETURN RECITALS
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21th. 8:13 p. m.
TUESDAY. THURSDAY and SATURDAY
AFTERNOONS. February »5th. 23th and
March, 2d.
POPULAR PRICES.
Reserved Seats 50c, 75c and $1.00. now on sala
at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
FISCHER'S CON A^ i R J,on H i? c V SE -
The Leonls. Swor. McGreavey - and Swor,
Rosco and Stms. the Alcedos. Ruth Xelta, Ger-
tie Ansell. and Hlnrlcha' augmented orchestra.
Reserved Seats. t5c. Matinee Sunday.
y^H9^!'n HI BIiJ n '* * ncn-pol.«fmotui
4t<*£tSBE]p>*Kl^^n r?m?d? for Uonorrhwa,
Gleet. Spermatoirhcta,
JBL'J/ la 1 to & d >7./\D WbitA*. unnatural <Jlj-
JHV Ounauvl H c ?> iir S* < or any laljnai-
vn sot b> ttrtsnir*. tioa, i ritatioa or ulc»ra-
f^^fnnau coourloa. tioa .1 in u cons ci?ra-
¦7I»m 1 ""E-«'«sCHEM!C»iCa brines. >"oa-a*tria?ent.
m^jA -— - r'^'TI » old *>y DracsUta.
.w^ u. a. a. 5sre r 8<>nt in slain w . i ?ppj» i .
v JWMta^^ \JGtr\% br eipre^s, prepaid, for
%QHta^>ll L IC °> or 3 bottle*. 13.73.
v *¦ -~ »lar sent oa reqautU
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS. THB
rreat Mexican remedy; elves health an<t
¦trenjrth to sexual orsana. Depot. £5 Market.
THE EMPOBITCK.
T H V, EMTOBrCTM.
COLDS
I regard ray COLD CURE as more
valuable than a life insurance policy.
It not only cures colds in the head,
colds in the lungs, colds in the bones,
but it wards off dangerous diseases
such as grippe, diphtheria, pneumo-
nia, and consumption. — HUN YON.
Mucywi's Riruisalisn! Cure seldom faflt to relieve
fs one to three hoon, and currs in a few dart.
M'jnycn'* Pyspeps-.a Cure positively cures all
iorzp.s cf uici^estioa an d stomach trouble.
ilunyon'sCoujjh Cure stops coughs, tught sweats,
allivs soreness and jpeeci'y hea':s the lungs.
Muayon"* Kidaey Cure quickly cure* pain* Ja the
back, loizs or p-oic».and all formsof kidney disease,
t Mu=yo='sVi£a;jierrestoresIo*tpower*U) wealc metu
t Ail lie c^res are 25 cents, at ary drug store.
.tlniiTon's Guide to Health should be is the
r.aLds cf every faother. It will help them to knew
the syn:pto!r:s cf every disrase and tell them the
proper treatment. Sent free to any address.
llunyon. New York and Philadelphia.
rrxiovs ixiiir.m cubes catabbh.
thave
you
heard
H-O
Hornby's Steam Cooked Oatmeal
Massive Oak I
! Extension Tables |
j REDUCED Off) Cfl I
from $20.00 to OlZi OU I
We bav» an lm=ien*e Etock cf fi
FURNITURE §
[ and CARPETS I
: which w» are fHMr.e at gj
GREATLY nEtt CET> PRICES. H
CASH cr CREDIT. p
! Fre« delivery within 108 miles jjj
en Hi worth and over. S
T. Brilliant Faraitnre Co., I
338-342 Post St. |
Open Ert&isfi. Heir PowtlL I
f OH. PiEHGFS ELECTRIC BELT;
? America Ahead of the W orld la Elfrtrieal Ir.ren- '
* tione! Evrtybodr knows ifcl*: our neir Kodr- '
:* BattCTT. <<-*• •>• Patent) it> einctlT an American'
Invention— IIUC IVIt of ttie century. It tend* a |
t powrrXal. rerersltile current throagb the human ,
f ¦•> iv Trum Head lo Joit, csriap Chronic and,
? Xerrous Disrate* fcnd tVesfccetioI 31 tie or F«aalt 4
» !> :f >it liagie. SoposidTe are we tlM no other <
¥¦ t»e!t is the eoaal of ~ I»r. i'lerre's," that we wii**eu<l 4
? .r o> APPUUVAL for eom^arison with any tell 4
?now sold in America. "s>eejog i> Kelienng. J|
t JfOTE.— T>> Efrrr tm<l briti "On Trial," there- «
* fore Ja ordering "Or. Pierce'i" no ri>» u run cf 4
tcontracOn£ "tin s>i.«-i..<- or other J>i£orderi bjf
usic« an ap^.Uaaee »«-rJo«i«:jr wont br attrrr*
I p*r«»»^ * »;i. cr »eTjfl a 5«r. ctanip for new '-RcKskiet J
r So.2r Adlr^ss: MEBCK EEBCTBIC CO.!
I 1 1*5 BroDdwar, '.sear 26th St.) »»t Vork, i
* Or 620 Market Street, San lrancitcc.^On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
I Articles — • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25,000 38,000
Wheat, bushels 66,000 26,000
Corn, bushels 47S.OOO . 145.000
Oats, bushfls 537.COO 271.000
Rye. bushfls 9.000 7.000
Parley, bushels ....• 61,000 -. 1S0.0O0
* _#
A decline in Gas and Electric to J47 wa» the
only chanse of consequence on th« morning
session of the Bond Exchange. Business was
brisk.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric sold back
to J4S 60Q4S 75. whllw Oceanic Steamship ran
from 137 25 flown to $95.
The oil stocks were quiet on the morning ses
sion, and. prices stood about aa before. Busi
ness In the afternoon was dull.
The San Francisco Oil Exchanga will hold
its first call this morning at 10 o'clock.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Feb. 13-3 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask.i BM'AhV
US 4s coup...H3%114H!U S 4s cp(new)137--iusVi
Do 4s reg....ll3HH4H l Do is cou^... — m>A
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS 7
Bay C P Co...lOMi — Oak W Co 6s.. — i M
Cal-st Cab 6«..116ii — Oceanic SS 5s 108 loa
C C Water 8s.. — 109 Om C R Ss.TTllzs —
K L & P 6s...l*Sm33H Pac G Imp 4s — 100
F & a Ry U..M\t - Pk & a R Ss 105 -.
Geary-st R 6s. - — Pk & O R 6s . — _
Haw C 6&S...10S*; — Powel-st R 6s.l20t4 —
Do Ss l«\i — 8 E O A R 5s. i- «stA
L A R R 6S...U2HU3 S F & SJV 03 12Wi —
L O Lt 6s...... — - S R of Cal 6s.U0 —
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 8 P of A fa.. .111*4113
Do gntd §s.. - — 8 P C «s (1905)
L A P R 5»...1W — S«riea A.....110X1 _
Markt-st C 6a.l2S — Do(Sertes B)110V —
Do 1st c 6s. .123% — Do (190fl).....ii3u _
NCNORIi.- 113H Do (1912).. l"£ Z
X R of Cal Cs.113 - S P » 1st g 53 106?t -.
Do Js.. ...... .120U121 S P Br P. 6, {32 I
Vo^.^.f'^Z S D V oT, ater6s Jo1 ™*
N C R R Sa...lUH — Do 3d mtVio'Tr _
OOL4H Es.113 - Stka G & E 6s - IM
Oak Tr Co 6s.ll5!i - ' m
Cath quotations were ns follows: Flour, dull
and steady. No. 3 Spring Wheat, 6o«i72c; No. 2
Ked. 74H@7€c. Xo. 2 Corn.- . 3S?«c; Xo. 2
Yellow, 3S»ic. No. 2 Oats, '23Hc: Xo. 2 White
2t'4«T2SHc; Xo. 3 White. 26%i@27%c. Xo. 2 Rye!
6L'<ij&2^e. Fatr to Choice Malting Barley. 52®
5?c. No. 1 Flax Seed, $1 63; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 64. Prime Timothy Seed. $4 35. Mess
Pork, per bbl. S13 S5013 PO. Lard, per 100 lbs.
*7 37Vs- Ehort Ribs, sides (loose). $3 95(37 15.
Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed). 6U^6Hc Short
Clear Sides (boxed). $7 40@7 GO. Whisky, basis
of high wines, Jl 27. Clover, contract grade,
JilfffU 15^ " -.,
Wheat Xo. 2-
February 73H 1i% 73H 73?1
March 73>4 74 73% 74
Mar •• »% 75H 74Ti 75H
Ccrn Xo. 2 —
February jju
March 8W t . 83% 89>i 89»i
May 40% 405i 40H 40%
Oats Xo. 2—
February .... .... 2<u
May 25V4 23V4 25* 25U
Mess pork, per bbl— •
February 13 go
May 14 00 14 02V4 13 95 14 00
Lord, per 1C0 lbs —
March 7 37'4 7 40 7 ZT% 7 40
May ....7 421* 7 45 7 40 7 45
July 7 47V4 7 CO 7 47^ 7 60
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— :
j February :.-• ' 7 00
May 7 02H 7 05 7 00 7 03
September 7 15 7 1714 7 15 7 17^4.
NEW YORK, Feb. 13 —There was an element
among the professional operators on the Etock
Exchange which worked for 'a rally to-day
en the theory that yesterday's selling was
largely due to operation* for the bear account
and that vigorous support of the market would
<rlv» these bears to ccvpr. The maneuver was
entirely without success especially In the early
dealings, but all cf th<s markefs strength was
confined to a very few stocks and was not
long maintained. Eu«)r.ess fell away to the
point of Kemi-stacnatlo.-i at tiroes during the
«lay. showing no signs ot the recent large gen
eral demand or of operations by large bank-
Ing or financial Interests, which was the back
bone of the market for a long time. Obviously
none but professional «j«>-rators were interested
to any great extent In the day's transactions.
There are too many dubious considerations In
the Immediate future to have a pressing in
fluence en hpeculation, which has been busy
for a long time past in discounting all the
irost favorable considerations that could be
Imagined and many of which have entirely
failed to occur thus far. Expectations con
tinue to tiptoe of an official announcement
cf the terir.K of the steel merger, which are
almort hourly expected, and yet lt is evident
that the cumbersome project may drag for a
long time. The steel stocks were all feverish
and unsettled, but generally weakened during
the ct'ur*e of the day. The money market
n-a« not violently disturbed, but the tone con
tinue* to harden. A development which may
In discount rat<*s in Londcn in *pite of the
funeral supposition thaf the bank rate will
be reduced this week. Sterling exchange hard
ened In New Ycrk on a. demand for remittance
by to-morrow's steamer. The decision' to close
th« Stock Exchange from Thursday to Mon
day morning j was an Influence toward dull
ness. Delaware and Hudson was erratic,
breaking violently 6>4 from the top and closing
¦with a net loss of 2H. The Southwestern^ were
all notably weak, declining from 1 to :*». and
there were eevere locaes la Great Northern
preferred. General Electric and the smelting
Kczv York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CALL BOARD SALES.'; «**.?'
Informal Session— 9 :1S o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales. ¦: •,
Regular Morning Session — No sales. '
Afternoon -Session — No sales."
OATS— There were further arrivals of 6900 ctls
fiom the north yesterday, making nearly 20,000
ctls from that source in two days. These are
exclusively . white -- oats, and ; ; this description
has I had to give way a little, : being unable to
etand up under the load.. Red and black are
unaffected. The demand is slow. .
White, - Jl 25©1 43 ; Surprise, nominal ; Red,
Chicago opened* steady with a light demand,
chiefly to fill shorts. Offerings were small.
The floating wheat was considered to be pretty
well off. the market.' St. Louis reported the
best cash demand for the season, with 75.000
bushels worked for export and more under
negotiation. The continent wants hard wheat,
but It is difficult to obtain. - Bradstreet's es
timates a decrease east of the Rockies of
617.CCO bushels and an Increase in Europe and
afloat of 1.6OO.0CO, making a net increase of
0f.3,CO0 bushels. The world's visible- supply
was expected to Increase from 500,000 to 750.000
bushels, against a decrease last year of 703.000
bushels.- - • >
In the local market futures continued to de
cline, but spot prices stood the same.
Spot Wheat-Shipping. 95c; . milling. 97HcO
$1 02>/4 per ctl. - : '
CALL BOARD SALES.
I Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 4000 ctls.
9i>'ic:-2n00. 98%c. December— 8000 ctls. $1 C3%.
• Second Session— May— 2CO0 ctls, 98T4c;* 4000,
9S»;c; 4C00. 9SHc; 6000, SS^c; .2000, SSKic; 6000,
9SXc- December— S000. »1 03V4.
Regular Morning .Session — May — 16.000 ctls,
9S>Jc; 4000. 9S%c. December-ICOO, Jl 03>4: 8000.
UC3H.
Afternoon Session— May— MC0 ctls, S$%c.
BARLEY — Quotations ¦ for - all descriptions
continue to shade off gradually under the con
tinued indifference of • . buyers. Offerings,
though not heavy, are in ' excess of the de
mand.' - ¦¦¦'¦'
Feed, ¦ 72Ho for choice bright; 70<5nUe for No.
1 and 67'*c for off grades; Brewing, and Ship
ping grades, 75®80c: Chevalier, nominal.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— There is nothing doing
on the spot owing to the almost complete lack
of tonnage, and rates are nominal at about
2Ss 9d, usual options. - The chartered wneat
feet in port has a registered tonnage of 31,400,
cgalni>t 51.300 tons on the same date last year.
Disengaged 2699 tons.' against 245S; on the wa4'
to this port 142,320 tens, against 180,140. '-^
WHEAT— The Eastern and foreign markets
showed no change worthy of note. ..- .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 S-I'i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8s£
Hlerltng Cables — 4 $914
Xew York Exchange, sight — 17V4
New York Exchange, tHegraphlo — 22V4
Silver, per ounce ; — 61U
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 0 SI
Chicago Grain Market.
J D Smith. Orinda
W L Davis A w. Cal
H C Woodruff. Mlcii
E F Murray. Seattle
Mrs E McLaughlln.
Connecticut
S S Raymond. Cal
C G Follet. S Mateo
Col Cotton. S Mateo
H C Morgan. Cal
H Cronemeyer & w,
N Y
C Wheeler. Burlgame
A MacKeigan, L Arg
H C Davis, Cal
A Black, St Paul
R Spear, U S N
A O Kavanaugh. USX
Dr Bresler. USN
T Corln. Cal
R J Hepburn. XT S X
Mrs R J Hepburn. Cal
G W M Pinesy, U S K
B Fredesslew Cal
J C Brauner, Stanford
J L Houston. Mo
J Arnxtenstelne. lilts
W W Bowers. 6 Diego
Mrs M E Botsfcrd, Cal
Miss E Truxin. Cal
B Bicker. Germany
Miss M Bernett. ATa
Mrs H C Ward. Ala
VT 8 Hobart. Cal
L E Baldwin. Cal
W HaraUmb. Blgame
J R Gridley. USX
H H KIpp. CSS
Mrs J O Rels. OakM
G J Brusl* & w. Cona
Miss Brusle. Conn
A J Simmonds, N T
Col C F James, N Y
C B Colby. N Y
W B Castle. Ohio
Mrs F K Struve. Se»tl
Mlsa Furtle. Seattle
J Davis, Cal
J* O Treman. Cal
A B Stephens. St Louis
P I> Mallory. Ohio
D B Lyman. Reno
B B Daggstt. Plttsbrj
C F Street. Ohio
C E Pamail A w. Cal
D C Corbln. Spokan*
D T Dnvls. Wn.-h
T W Parlln. Seattle
L E Parlln. Seattle
Mrs VT H Hlxon. W!s
Miss M Crosby. Wla
N McCaffery. JT J
H Ward A w, Ala.
H Marriott. Ala
Mrs R Herbert. Ala,
Miss M Burnett, Ala
Mrs Spra«ue. Cal
Miss Hammond. Cal
Miss Morrison. S Jos*
II Brown. N Y
R D Sleyal. N Y
W Lacy. L Anc
W M Church, X T
A L Harris. Loa An*
GRAND HOTEL,
J H Topley. Vallejo
8 Sanders & w. L Ang
Dr J T Jones. Cal
J T Smith. Cal
J E Nolan. Cal
J B Jennings & w, Uta
C D Mortace. Doi:«e
D L Strause & w, Seat
tle
"W G Kays. S Jos«
T Fell. Oregon
Dr F J Eaton. L An?
B F Shepherd Jr. Cai
XV J McNulty. Fresno
Mrs J W Freeman. Cal
Mlsa Freeman. Cal
J F Keller. Randsburg
R W Folkers, London
J D Blddle. Hanford
W C Price. Pasadena
Mrs TV C Price. Cal
H Coon. Riverside i
C O Storice. S Barbara;
C H Simpson. Cal :
W H Dunphy & w. Cali
E S Butterworth. Cal!
T W Johnson & w, Cal !
O A V Hughes & w,
Reno i
F Mattlson, 8 Crni
C A Rockwell. L Acff
L H Wilson. Ciigo
J H Williams A w. Cal
F P Jackson. Ca!
J M Smith. Seattle
G S McKenzie. !* T
J McCarthy & w. CaX
!T Klnr. BaUixnora
K M Hall. Georgia
DrCC Marckres & w,
Cal
J \V Glenn. 8tockton
E K Glffard. Auburn
M Bates A w. Chicago)
G Staffler & w. Cal
R Elliott. Lakeport
W Toungr. Laksport
P H Greene, Fresno
W Russell. Denver
M K Dally. S&n Jr«-
S P Schulze, Berkeler
F C Innes. Cal
W D Tlllotson. Redln*
P Jones & w. Seattls
L P Larson. Rio VIst»
J C Gray. Cal
E W Wilkinson. Cal
E C Creller. Gr Valley
SEW WESTERX HOTEL.
C H Faircbild. Grafton
E C Bompos. Mont
J McWIlllams. Oaklnd
F J O* Brian. Cal
C Palzmar.n. Bollnas
J Wilson. Oakland
J St Clalr. Portland
S Shimans. Portland
A J Randall & w. Nev
H C Royer. L Angeles
£ Sellnger. L Ang
¦W Chtnn. ValJe'a
W Baxter. Calcasro
O Wadsworth. Mo
C M Jameson. Ohio
Miss L SnvrUr. Merred
C FltrireraM * 7. Cal
M J O'Connor. S Hat el
J B Jackson. Boston
S Klmber. Colfax
C M Lewis. Seattle
p J ilurtha. Tacom*
PALACE HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Northern <?"alifornia— Cloudy unsettled weath
er, with rala Wednesday; continued warm,
high southerly winds. The rivers in the Sacra
mento Vallev will rise rapidly. •
Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday, with
light rain In northern portion; fresh southerly
winfis.
Nevada— Rain or enow Wednesday; continued
¦warm weather. •
Utah— Rain er snow Wednesday.
Arizona — Cloudy Wednesday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Unsettled weath
er Wednesday, with rain; brisk to high south
¦w«-ft winds.
The following special river data are published
for the benefit of all concerned. At Marys
vi!!e the ctape Is V$.2 feet and rising. The dan
irer line is 1S.0 feet. At Red Bluff. 14.0 and
rising rapidly. The danger line Is 22.0 feet. At
Ba.eratner.to, 2!.€ and rising. The danger line
la 2S.0 feet.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
A maximum wind velocity of thlrty-Bl* miles
jv*r hii:r from the south Is reported at San
Kranriseo, and thirty-six from the eoutheant
ot Sacrarr.ento. Unusually heavy rainfall is
rrwu-d Jr. the northt-rn *nd of the Sacrame-nto
Valley. At Red Bluff 1.24 Inches has fallen
<5urlrg the past twelve hours.
r"orwa*t made at Ean Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight February 20. 1901:
Rain has fallen over the entire country west
of the Rocky Mountains except in Arizona and
the extr*nv southern portion of California.
The temi«-niture l.as risen about 10 degrees
lr. the Sacramento and San Joaquin valleys.
The Ftorm over Northern California has
moved slowly northward ar:d now overlies Ore-
Em: and Southern Washington. During the
ja5t twer.ty-four hours the pressure has fallpn
tbout half an inch at N*>ah Bay. It has risen
alon? the coast from Fan Francisco southwarJ.
FORECAST.
?»n Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
Cl; minimum. 4S; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
A degree of mysterious strength permeated
the wheat market. The best buyers — and the
market was a dull on* — were owners of ele
vators. May opened a shade higher to U@'/4c
lower. The market was run up to 75%S75Vjc
during the forepart of the session. ¦ The an
nouncement of an increase of SS3.000 bushels In
the world's visible caused a brief suspension of
buying, but toward the end of the session the
market rallied again and closed strong at the
top. May 1 / i@%c higher at 7Styo. i
Oats were dull. May closed unchanged at
2SHc.
Provisions recovered from a slight depression
which was left over yesterday. Hog receipts
Mere heavy, but was ofTset later -by a good
cath demand. May pork closed 2'/tc lower
lard and ribs each 2V»c up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles^ Open. High. Low. do*.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19.— The corn market was
animated, holding fast to Its recently acquired
position as leader orthe Board of Trade specu
lative attractions. The liquidating movement,
which began in force yeeterday, was continued,
and while the volume of business was smaller,
lt was still sufficiently heavy to draw atten
tion from all over the floor. The crowd, en
couraged by lighter country offerings, small
contract stocks and above all. by the stubborn
ness with which the price had yielded In the
face of immense sales by longs, was optimis
tic and absorbed all offerings in cheerful con
fidence that the high price of the crop had not
yet been reached. May opened \%c lower to Ho
higher at 40*ic to 401ic. It soon touched 4O»ic,
but reacted to 40Ho on realizing. Tha - close
found the market strong, May only a shade
lower at 40>i@40%c.
There were no Important chances in the mar
ket for evaporated apples. Trading was of
moderate proportion and prices were well main
tained. State common were quoted at 3*i©4*»c;
prime. 4%frj5c; choice, 5>*@6c; fancy, 6g7c. Cal
ifornia dried fruits were quiet.
PRUNES-SU@S%c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%C12c; Moorpark, Sm
©iuc.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14glSc; unpeeled, e'ifllOc.
DRIED FRUITS.
it — *;.
NEW YORK. Feb. 19.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20.K7 barrels; exports, C670 barrels; steady and
moderately active.
WHEAT— Receipts, 45.000 bushels; exports,
24,433 bushels; epot, firm; No. 2 red, SO%c f. o.
b. ailoat; No. 2 red. 79^c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. S7c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Du
luth, 90>ic f. o. b. afloat. Options had a gen
erally firm tone all day In face of rather bear
ish cable and crop news and small seaboard
clearances. Light speculative offerings, late
rumors of export demand and small primary re
ceipts, afforded the chief bull Influence; closed
firm at %c net /advance; March. 78%©79c,
closed at "Sc: May. 79 7-16079 15-lCc. closed at
7&"ic; July, 79@79;4c, closed at 79 1 / 4c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady but dull: refined, quiet.
COFFEE— Fpot Rio. steady; No. 7 in
voice, 7Vic; mild, quiet; Cordova, S^12V4c. The
market fcr futures closed steady, with prices
unchanged to 10 loints net higher; total sales
reached 35.750 bags, including March. . J5 80®
5 S5: May. $5 90*55 S3; .luly, $3 95@6; September,
$6: December, $6 1506 20.
BUTTER— Receipts, 10,650 packages; steady;
fresh creamery. 16ff21c; June creamery, l5@20c;
factory, llftltc.
KGGS— Receipts. 10.7J4 packages; steady:
Western, at mark, W^tc; Southern, at mark,
16c.
TT.e following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, ss compered with those of same date
!as=t e»ason, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Weather Report.
fl20Th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 1»— 5 p. m.
The Nirpoi Mam took out a treasure list of
tr.s.jis, consisting of $:51S la Mexican dollara
and t'J:<.<$ in silver bullion.
Treasure Shipment.
"The cool w«>«ith«>r during January and the
f.rst half of February has proved of the great
est benefit to early deciduous fruits, which fre
quently bud prematurely and Buffer from late
irosts. Fruit bu<is arc now beginning to swell
end early almonds are In Moom in some locali
ties. l>ut it is believed there will be but little
if ar.y damage from future frosts. Orchard
»>rk has been resumed. Orange picking la pro
»retslng in Southern California."
"Jn most sections the soil has remained too
•wet for profitable cultivation, although some
jTogrefs ha? been made in plowing and seeding,
* specially in the southern counties. A large
acreage of wheat and barley has l«-en sown In
£.12 j»fi.nt b of 1 1~.^ £*t&.t£ &nd the outlook for hwvv
oiops wes nevc-r better. Early eown grain 1»
In excellent condition and the late Eown Is up
and locking strong, both having been greatly
•trf-nefltf-d by the warmer weather and sunshine.
Ciraes iias also been Biven new life by the
favorable conditions and is now making rapid
growth. Pastunge is abundant In all sections.
A. G. McAdle. section director of the climate
sM cr<-p section of the Weather Bureau, makes
the following report fcr the week:
"Cool weather rrevalled In the central and
northern portions of the State during the first
of the week, with frosts In some localities and
vaia followed by higher temperatures, with con
plJeraMe cloudineFs and occasional light show
trs. In the couthern portion the weather has
l*>en generally warm end pleasant. Reports
from all fractions indicate that the seasonal pre
cipitation thus far has been adequate for all
agricultural purposes, the ground being thor
oughly saturated and the storage reservoirs
emjily supplied with water, while the mountain
ranges have in most sections an unusually
bctvjr covenas of snow.
The Weather and Crops.
TT S 2s refunding.. inr.*i N T Central lsts...lC7\4
U R 2s refdg ooatClOM; N J Cent gen 5s..l3Hi
If S !b re»rlst»-r»d..l10ii Northern Pacific Ss fO%
U S 3s coupon lio*i Nor Pacific 4« lrsi,
U R new 4s reg l?7*i N Y C & St L 4s..lOS<4
IT S new 4s coup.. .137*; Nor & W cons 4s..l01 1 / i
U 8 o!d 4s reg ll?»i Oregon Nav l«ts.,.10li
U P old 4s coupon.U3?4 OreRon Nav 4s 104
U F ts registered. .110»i Or Short Line 6s.. .12S»-4
TT S tr coupon 110*i Or S T> cons Ss \f>
Dint of Col 3.6T.S...J23 Reading pen 4s 34vH
Atfh'.son gen 4*...W3<4\ Rio Grande W lsts 99%
Atchlson tdjust 4s. 92U StL & I M cons os llfit'i
Canada Sou 2ds...lll Ft L & S F cen 68.129U
Ches A. Ohio 4Vis..lf»«4 St Paul consols 1S4
Cheg & Ohio 5«....12f.»4 Rt P C 1 P lsts...HS«4
C & Nor cons 7s. ..140 St Paul C & P 5x l»QU
C A N R F Deb &S.124 Routhcrn Pa<« 4»... ?4
Chlcneo Term in... 97 Southern Ry {^...llS^i
Colo Southern 4s... S3 Standard R A T 6s CO
Denver & R G 4s. .102 Texns k Pac 1Mb.. 118
Erl» general 4s.... f.4 Texas ft Pac 2ds.. 95
Ft W t D C int.. «3 Union Pac 4s.,.. .1M",4
General Elec 5s...l«l»4 WabaFh !««¦ usi'
Iowa Central l«ts.ll.> Wabash 2ds.. 108
L A- X «mO»d 4s..]«« T\>st Shore 4!«. UiK
« *$r & T 2d * n Wls Central lsts.. ?Sli
M K t T 4s EI'a Vr, Ctntnrlw |6
CLOSING BOND?
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
19.300 Atchison 5o'4
11.700 Atchlson prefd 87",
11.E00 Baltimore & Ohio 90
Canadian Pacific S9'4
1O0 Canada Southern i>6"fc
5.4CK) Chesapeake & Ohio 40
500 Chicago Great Western 19
E2.900 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 145
£.100 Chicago Ind & Louisville '.. 30%
SCO Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 67>»
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 107
SCO Chicago & Northwestern 171'4
16,500 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 124-i
C C C & St Louis 75's,
3.3CO Colorado Southern 9
2M) Colorado Southern 1st prefd ..: 44"^
2,100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd lSVi
13,600 Delaware & Hudson 167U
Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 194
6.6.')0 Denver & Rio Grande 39
2.2<"O Denver & Rio Grande prefd 87*4
13,2» Erie 27',
MOO Erie 1st prefd 6S!j
GOO Great Northern prefd 1S9
Hocking Coal IS
£00 Hocking Valley 47
9,60) Illinois Central 133
30i> Iowa Central 2Jij
Iowa Central prefd 52
Lake Erie & Western 41
Luke Erie & Western prefd 110
Lake Phore 220
9,:' J 0 Louisville & Nashville 31
11.100 Manhattan Elevated 116^
2,700 Metropolitan Street Railway 1WI*
S.SOO Mexican Central 16^»
COO Minneapolis & f=t I>ouis 72
Minneapolis & Pt Louis prefd lOo^i
20,900 Missouri Pacific SCVi
700 Mobile & Ohio 7G
4.1C0 Mlt-sourl Kansas & Texas lSvj
15.200 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd VI
200 Xew Jersey Central U2
6.700 New York Central 143\
3.G00 Norfolk & Western 46*»
Norfolk & Western prefd S3
1S.T00 Northern Paclflc S3
l.r^O Northern Paclflc prefd S6»i
4.3fX) Ontario & Western 31»i
Oregon Railway & Xav -12
Oregon Railway & Xav prefd 76
15.100 Pennsylvania 14C%
S.700 Reading 30* g
14.700 Reading 1st prefd 71
«,700 Reading 2d prefd 41U
Rio Grande Western 70
Rio Grande Western prefd S3
4.440 Ft Louis & San Fran 35^ :
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 82 I
4.400 St I-rtuts & San Kran 2d prefd 63<4 j
3,100 St Louis Southwestern 25*i
S.SOQ St Louis Southwestern prefd 6^»
13.1W St PbuI 14?Vi
St Paul prefd 1N9
Kt Paul & Omaha 123
31,700 Southern Pacific 44 '•
11.600 Southern Railway 214
6.200 Southern Railway prefd 74»i
30.€f"0 Texas & Pacific S6U
£6.400 Union Pacific 94
7.900 Union Pacific preM ESS
4,000 Wabash 16^
11.000 Wabash prefd 29
4.600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 13%
3.S"0 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 30>,
1.200 Wisconsin Central 1S\,
Third Avenue 120
LEOO Baltimore & Ohio rrefd 87
6,500 National Tube 62 s i
400 National Tub* prefd 105
J-Ixpress Companies—
Adams l',0
American ISO
United States R8
Wvlls Farco ..133
Miscellaneous —
700 American Cotton Oil 2S',i
American Cotton Oil prefd 86
American Malting 4>J
American Maltin; prefd 24
1,100 American Smelting & Refining E6U
l.J.00 American Smelting & Ref prefd 94«*
American Spirits 2
American Snirlts prefd 17
4,100 American Steel Hoop 27%
4.9CO Amerlcsn Steel Hoop prefd E2
47,100 American Steel & Wire 49'4
1.200 American Steel & Wire prefd P5
R.i>00 American Tin Plate CZhi
2.f0ft American Tin Plate prefd 97^
34.COO American Tobacco llo'A
l.OfiO American Tobacco prefd 140 "
l.fST) Anacrnda Mining Co 140
2S.JC0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 75*i
2.2C0 Cr.loradn Fuel & Iron 43
8,400 Continental Tobacco 43'/i
10i> Continental Tobacco prefd 95
17.K00 Federal Steel 4S>4
20.400 Federal Steel prefd S454
1.100 General Electric 2C6
4C0 Gluccse Furar ..'. 43%
Glucose Sugar prefd........'. 92
200 International Paper 22V4
700 International Paper rrefd 71
Laelede Ga« 7JK
1.OC0 National Biscuit 3S9i
100 National Biscuit prefd S4
SCO National Lead J6>£
National Lead prefd f?
in.400 National Steel 42H
2.100 National Steel oref<J ssy.
New York Air Brake 153
1,000 North American 23V4
Paciflc Coast E2
Pacific Coast 1st prefd * SS
Pacific Coa«t 2d prefd 63
CftO raclfic S!a!l 42
S.tOO People's Gas 100
Pressed -Steel Car 33»i
2"0 PreMed Steel Car prefd 7«i
100 Pullman Palace Car 197
Standard Rope & Twine 4H
33.300 Fugnr 124*4
3"> Sugar preM 12n»*
13.400 Tennefs»e Coal & Iron 67"^
B.Wfl United States Mather 12V,
1.4f«) United States Leather prefd 74>,i
1.CH) United States Rubb»r 19%
Vfl United Etntes Rubber prefd €0
f.im Western Union gf,^,
3,000 Amalrarr.atprl Corrxr till
2.U.0 Republic Iron ft Pteel Co 14
COO Republic Iron A Steel Co prefd.... tX
P C C & St Louis 60
795,^00 Shares eold.
stocks, berides those in the steel stocks. There
was an upward turn in Sugar, but lt did not
hold. Comparative firmness was shown by
Union Pacific, Illinois Central and for a time
St. Paul, though that stock gave way at the
last.
There was large buying again in Southern
Pacific bends, but they lost most of their gain
before the close and the general bond list was
reactionary- Total falfb, par value, J4,6S5,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
Silver a fraction firmer. Exchange unchanged.
Shipment of $58,518 to China. / •
Wheat and Wheat freights dull end futures loiver. >
Another fractional shading off in Barley.
White Oats weakening under heavy receipts from the north.
Corn and Rye neglected and weak. ; v
Hay trading stopped by the rain. Bran still firm.
Beans and Seeds as previously quoted.
Potatoes and Vegetables steady. Onions scarce and still higher.
Butter and Eggs quiet and loiver. No change in Cheese.
Eastern Poultry still detained in Nevada.
Game stands about the same.
Oranges zveak and Limes scarce and higher.
Dried Fruits, Raisins, Nuts and Honey very quiet.
Good Hides firm and inferior stock zveak.
Hops firmly held and Wool zveak and neglected.
Provisions steady enough, but very dull.
Hogs coming in from Nebraska and Utah.
Beef, Mutton and Veal unchanged.
No change in Oils.
Local stocks and bonds in fair movement. Oil stocks quiet.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.— To-day's state
men: of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve,
shows: Available cash balance, 1143,366.063;
gold, ?76,296,S42. -
* *
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Feb. 19.— Money on call, steady
at 232^4 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 3'^
QiVx per cent. Sterling exchange firmer, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87^0
4 S7U for demand and at J4 84<?4 84V4 for sixty
daye. Posted rates, $4 85@4 85Vi and |4 SoQ)
4 884. Commercial bills, $4 &3U@4 S3»i. Sliver
certificate!!. 61H662»4. Bar silver, 61'/ic Mexi
can dollars. 479ic.
Bonds — Government, steady; State, Inactive;
railroad, irregular. \. t
New York Money Market.
Atchlson, 67%; Canadian Pacific, 92tf: Union
Pacific preferred, 90; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. SS»i; Grand Trunk. 6%: Anaconda. 7;*.
Bar silver, 2SV4d per ounce. Money, 3isQ4 per
cent.
CLOSING
Money is still tight. The call loan rate be
gan at 4V4 r>or cent and closed at 8%. The
probable fall of the bank rate has been fully
discounted.
NEW YORK. Feb. 19.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
All markets here were -idle to-day— in" the
dumps because ' there was no African news,
because there was a hitch in the Chinese ne
gotiations and because of a - miserable fog.
American Ehares also were heavy and feature
less. They were dull before the opening. On
moderate sales by Wall street the close was
worse, and there was no market In the street
afterward.
London Market.
Money— Union Pacific 94
Call loans 3 @3>* Union Land 3
Time loans Z\i<$i West End 94
StocUs— Bonds—
A T & S F 53V4 Atchlson 4s 101U
A T & S F pref.. 87»« N E G & Coke 5s.. 69
American Sugar.. .155% Mining shares-
Am Sugar prefd...H9H Adventure ......... 13
Am Telephone 161 Amalg Copper S9Ve
Boston & Albany.. 2.">4 Atlantic 28\i
Boston Elevated. ..168 ningham 19
Boston & Maine... li»4. Boston & Montana.823
C B & Q 144ft Butte & Boston... SI i*
Dominion Coal 34!£ Calumet & Hecla. S55
Dom Coal prefd...lO9% Centennial 23V4
Federal Steel 4SMj Franklin 20-H
Fed Steel prefd.... S4«j Humboldt 50
Fltchburg prefd. ...142 Osceola 86
General Electric... 204^ Parrot ' 49\;
Gen Electric prefd. 175 Qulncy 176
Ed Elec 111 245 Santa Fe Copper... ~V»
Mexican Central... icy, Tamarack 333
N E Gas & Coke.. 13V,, Utah Mining 33
Old Dominion 33Vi Wlnona 6%
Rubber U Wolverines ......... 60V«
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 26|Llttle Chief......... 14
Alice 40 Ontario 7 00
Breece 1 75 Ophir 70
Brunswick Con ?3iPhoenlx 09
Comstook Tunnel... Ouil'otosi 12
Con Cal & Va 1 55' Savage 12
Deadwood Terra -60 Sierra Nevada. 12
Horn Silver 1 15 Small . Hopes 70
Iron Silver ..65 Standard 4 20
Leadvllle Con C6i
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LONDON. Feb. 19.— Consols. 97%. Sliver,
2S'.4d. French Rentes. 102f
Wheat cargoes on passage, quiet and steady;
cargoes No. 1 standard California, 29s 9d; car
goes Walla Walla, 2Ss 7^d. English country
markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL— WHEAT— Quiet; No. 1 fetand
ard California, 6w 3'.^<l@Cs 4d; Wheat In Paris,
no tales, holiday; Frenph .country markets,
quiet. Weather In England, 'fogey.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 5-36d.
CLOSING. .
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 19.— WHEAT-Spot, dull;
No. 1 California, 6s 2d; No. 1 Northern Spring,
6s 2^d; No. 2 Red Western winter, 5s HVid;
Futures, steady; March, Ss 10%d; May, Ss ll^d.
CORN— Spot, quiet: American mixed new.
3s 10?id; do old, 3» UHd. Futures, steady; Feb
ruary, nominal; March, 3s 9%d; May. 3s 9%d.
Foreign Markets.
PORTLAND, F»b. 19.— WHEAT— Walla Wal
la, D5(g55Vic...
TACOMA, Feb. 19.— WHEAT— Quiet and
steady; blue stem, W.ic; club, 55c.
WASHINGTON.
OREGON,
PORTLAND. Or.. 'Feb. 19.— Clearings, $3S1,
6GS; balances, J33.S0S.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
SKEEP— Receipts, 10,000. Strong to 10c high
er. Good to choice wethers. 14(g4 GO; fair to
choice mixed, S3 6O@4; Western sheep, J4@4 M;
Texas sheep, • $2 S0@3 CO; native iambs, $4 25@
S 20; Western lambs, JVS5 :o.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 33,000; to-morrow,
40,000; left over, 4000. Opened about steady,
closing weak; top, $5 40. Mixed and butchers',
$5 15@5 40; good to choice heavy, J3 30$ 5 40;
rough heavV. *5 1?(B5 25; light. $5 15@5 33; bulk
of sales. $5 B2>4«j '> ZS.
CHICAGO, Feb. 19.— CATTLH>-Receipts. 3000,
Including 600 head Texans. General steady.
Good to prime steers, $4 8O@6; poor to medium,
S3 40® 4 70; ttockers and feeders. $2 65@4 50;
cows, 52 W34 16; heifers, $2 5004 25; canners,
U 7602 40: bulls. 12 50@4 10; calves, Sl@6 40;
Texns fed steers, S1Q5; grassers, $3 30 1 g4; bulls,
S2 EC-93 £0.
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 19. — To-day's, operations
in Cotton futures were something over 500, COO
bales, while fluctuations were by turns favor
able to both factions, with the bulls having
rather the better position at the close. Belief
that the market had declined far enough for
the present, that the weak Ions interest had
been totally eliminated and that shorts had sold
themselves to a standstill led to brisk buying
for reaction at the opening. . The nervou«<ne?i»
of shorts Increased as the market advanced
until buying for this account easily overtopfiM
that for all other purposes. The market was
finally steady with prices net 5!gS points higher.
Nezu York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. ' Vi.— Business was less
active 'in tin to-day. Advices from London
were rather disappointing, showing a loss of
7s 6d to £123 2s/6d. This, together with the
expectations of larga arrivals In the near
future, prompted an easier feeling locally and
prices were 5@10 pointa off, February selling
at $26 95. with the anally spot basis $26 95®
27 05. Copper was, ¦ aa usual, in a somewhat
nominal consideration and in the absence of
1'Uslnes.H Lake Superior was quoted at 117 and
caEtmg at $16 62Vj. Spelter ruled quiet and
easy all day, with little buslneps reported,
closing at $3 97',s'34 Co. At London a loss of
2s 6d to £17 10s was recorded. Lead continues
dull and featureless at $4 37^4. Domestic iron
markets werq slightly more active to-day and
easy in tone, but prices remain nominally as
last quoted. At Glasgow pig Iron closed at
54s Sd and at Middlesboro 46s 6d.
New York Metal Market.
Australian wools on scoured basis, spot prices
— Combing superfine, '• nominal,' 70@73o; good,
65©67c; average, 63@65c.
Territory wools, scoured basis— Montana, fine
medium and fine 15@18c, sooured 44@45c, staple
47@4Sc; Utah and Wyoming, fine medium and
fine 14@l5c. scoured 42@43c, staple 45®46c;
Idaho, fine medium and fine 13@14',4c scoured
42(S543e. staple 43@46c, . No. 2 medium 15@16o,
scoured 40f|42c. -.
BOSTON, Feb. 19.— Manufacturers have suc
ceeded in lowering the prices of wool a shade.
This Is principally the case In the territory
grades. While there has been more activity in
the market this week yet the demand is con
fined to purchases for immediate use. Man
ufacturers are disposed to pay on the scoured
basis of 43@45o for fine medium and fine ter
ritory wools and enough' in the trade are in
clined to meet this demand as to make it a
fair .quotation in the market. This is no doubt
caused by the considerable holdings and there
is a desire to sell which gives the buyer the
advantage.
Boston Wool Market.
The combined stock of - Wheat at Portland,
Or., Tacoma and Seattle, Wash, decreased 3000
bushels last week. v
Wheat— United State* and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 617,000 bushels: aflont
for and l'l FuroDe increased 1.600,000 bushels.
Tf.tal supply iricr. ased 983,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, lncreftfed 1.12P fCO busnels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east t>C the
Rockies, increased 561,000 bushels.
NEW YORK.' Feb. 19.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications . to Bradstieefs
show the following changes _ln available sup
plies from the previous account:
; PARIS.
V heat— ¦ Feb. May-Aug.
Opening ...| ...... Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
Flour —
Opening ,..| Holiday.
Closing...... Holiday.
Available Grain Supply.
LIVERPOOL.. . , . ¦••'•¦
Wheat— ¦ .March. May.
Opening 5 10% 5 11^4
Closing 5 10% 6 11%
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Morning SeSaton.
40O Alpha Con 02 100 Ophir 77
200 Caledonia 70 200 Saraffo 14
200 C C A Va 165 200 Sierra Nevada. 30
300 Crown Point... 14 SCO Union Con 22
JOO Mexican 12' 20O Utah ........... »7
Afternoon Session.
SCO Belcb«r 17 100 Sarage H
100 Caledonia 70 200 Silver Hill 44
10O Gould & Curry. 30 500 Union Con 24
100 Mexican 22 100 Yellow Jacket.. 28
ICO Potosi 18
The following were the sales ia tho Pacifio
Stock Exchange Beard yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes C6 ICO Mexican 23
20O C C * Va 1 67H 200 Ophir 77
100 C C & Va 1 65 2*0 Sava«e U
300 Crown Point... 14 200 Union Con 23
200 Gould & Curry. 30
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 17 I 100 Ophir 7S
100 C C A Va 1 674; 600 Ophir 77
!00 Gould & Curry. 30 I 2C0 Union Con 21
The following wer* the sales on th» San
Francisco Stock Exchange Board yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
Bc«rd—
4C0 Aetna U
500 California Standard *5
10O El Oro 8<>
100 Four Oil Co 5S
150 Four Oil Co .- 5*
1C00 Gold Dollar 42 '
5 Hanford 113 o>
SCO Honje Otl 4 4.1
ICOO Independence 17
20 Kern Oil Co lft S7>4
23 Kern River ».. 13 P0
25 Lion Oil Co 24
10O Monarch of Arizona 70
500 Monarch of Arizona. © 60 T>
100 Occidental or "West Virginia 7*
lrcoOll City Petroleum 32
4CSS Petroleum Center IS
200 Reed Crude Oil Co n
200 Reed Crude OH Co 64
MINING STOCKS.
Morninr Session.
Board—
10 Blue Goose j C3
100 Caribou ;->
200 Four Oil Co 5<
1000 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 12
10O Hanford-Fresno-Kern River T\
200 Junction 72
600 Lion Oil Co n
200 Monarch of Arizona 7>>
1M0 Oil City Petroleum 32
25 Peerless 8 7:.
ECO Petroleum Center IS
£00 Petroleum Center 1*
EO San Joaquln Oil * Dev 11 tl
ICO Sterling O & D Co 3 13
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
. Board—
K0 California Wine Association loo CO
wo Contra Costa Water 7050
,^9'cr.t Powder Con 84 75
™ 15 ana Plantation Co, b 30 9 00
?°°y onokaa S Co 3400
1J» Hutchlnson S P Co 27 no
J~ KHauea. Sugar Plantation Co 24 CO
2 °$*'**a*ell 45iri
,«J»°a^and Gas 50 00
ltland Transit Co.- 6s 113 erj
10O Onomea Sugar Co 29 75
°2 ? a £ u £ au 8 p Co 34 S7'~i
fivn I F P as * Electrlo Co 47 CO
|1^?f- 1 F * s J V bonds 120 75
w^»£°rtt ag;^
Street— *
M Equitable Gas 1 50
Board— ArteinOOa ScssIon 
"Equitable Gas 3 75
SO H*n a t P!antatlOn Co 90 °
so Honokaa . v> o-u
390 Konokaa S -\
5C Hutchlnson S p"co* 27 00
M Kilauea Ba»,>'g~: | V x $
s.0 Kilauea Su B ar p Co £ -\
100 Kilauea Sugar P cX 5s s''4
J3^ I&SSP" Ry bonds.v::.v:::.v.:ii2 ?;
23 Oceanic Steamship Co.'.V.'"V- 97 £ '
35 Oceanic Steamship r*o 9700
it Oceanic Steamship Co ?« "To
GOOrtanlc Steam«hti> Co og M
50 Oceanic Steamship Co ' « ;J,
50 Oceanic Stearashlp Co.. ;,,•
ICO Oceanic Steamship Co '"""" « t on
73 Paauhau S P Co V» m*.
80 S F Gas & Electric Co... 4; "*
M9F Gas & Electric Co... « '^
100 Spring Valley Water, s DO '.','.'.' 94
o Spring Valley 'Water - 94 r^
I10O U S 3» bonds fcoupon) i!.!lll ri
5 Vlgorit Powder "" 3 «— '
Street— " ' *
J3C00 S V 4* bonds (3d mtge) 103 CO
Mornin; Session.
Contra Costa.. ff» — ISprfn* Valley. H% IS
Marln County. 52% — '
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pac Lt Co 41 —
Equit Gas 3H 3H Sac E O & R. — I7H
Mut Elec Lt... 7% — S F G & B.-. 4SH «S
O G L^i H... 49^ 50U San Francisco. 4H 4'i
Pac Gaa Imp.. 44Va 45H Stktn O * B.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.. 233 — J
BANK STOCKS. (
Anglo-Cal .... 77 — Loa P & A. ...144 130
Bank of Cal..410 412% Mer Ex (liq)... 18 —
Cal Safe r>j>. — lcs^ S F National.. — 123
1st N of S F.. — 312", N- . > ;
SAVINGS BANKS.
German — IS30 Sar & Loan... — —
.Humboldt — — Security 173 ""
rrsaVu::::^! ' l '» lMTmt -- "
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfornla-st ..135 140 1O S L & 11.... 40 —
Geary-st 47V» — Presidio — «>
Market-st 694 — >
POWDER STOCKS.
§SS£&i£5»s | vlKorlt «»*
SUGAR STOCKS.
HanaPlan 9 9'; Kilauea « —
Haw Com — 87^ Makawell 45 45U
Honokaa 33** 34 Onomea .. »*i
Hutch S P 26^i — Paauhau ... 34»* 3j
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska P A...123'»liV\ Oceanic SS Co 94»i SCU
Cal Fruit Can. — li*H Pac A F A...' 2 —
Cal wine Asn.lOO — Pac CBorCo 153 —
Mer Ex Assn.. 102 1 ,* — Parff Paint Co I"' » —
WATER 'STOCKS.
r.arket was active; Creameries, 14® 22c; Dairy.
1' '4<S18c. - * Cheese - active, 10Vi@U9ic. ¦ Eggs,
dull, fresh 17c.
TUESDAY. Feb. 19. 1901.
Floor, qr *ks 26.9«4 Hay. tons «m
Wheat, ctls 109,129 Feed, sks 600
Barley, ctls 1.W0 Wool, bales 49
Oats, ctls 9C f . Leather, rolls 137
Beans, sks 117 Wine, gallons 7T.IC0
Potatoes, sks 2.050 Qulcksllvr. flasks 33
Corn, ctls 910 Sugar, ctls 1.C30
Middlings, sks... 100 Pelts, bdls $7
Bran, sks SCO Hides, bdls ? W
OREGON.
Flour. «jr sks 13,8311 Potatoes, sks 3.141
Wheat, ctls S73I Onions, sks i«n
Oats, ctls 5.9001 Middlings, sks ... H«
Receipts of Produce.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary slzen. S16-917; extra sizes,
higher: Redwood. $17^18 for No. 1 and |1M*
16 for No. 2: Lath. 4 feet. $3 50@4; Pickets. $1S;
Shingles. $1 75 for common and $2 73 for fancy;
Shnkes, $11 for split and (12 for sawn; Rustic,
$20326.
Crushed. 6.25c: Powdered, o.SSc; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.S5c: Dry Granulated. E.TSc: Confec
tioners' A. 5.75; Magnolia A. 5.33c; Extra C.
£.23c: Golden C, S.l§c: barrels. 10c more: half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; SO-Ib bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels 4>r its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels. 6..'Cc: boxen, 6.73c per lb.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. T^t*
"Sic per lb; White Lead, 7@7?4c. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— J47 50®4S 60 per flask for lo
cal use and $15 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar ! Refining com
pany quotes, per lb, in 10ft-lb bags:
COAL OIL. G.4SOLINE AND BEXZIKE—
Water White Conl Oil. In bulk. 13c: Pearl OH.
cases. 19c; Astral. 19c: Star. 19c;- Extra Star.
23c; Elaine. 24c: Eocene. 2Ic; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, in bulk, 144c; cases, 2OV4c; Benzine,
bulk, 13Hc cases. 19'4; ?S-degree Gasoline,
bulk. tOc; cases. 26c per gallon.
TURPENTINE — 61c per gallon In cases and
5Ec in drums or iron barrels.
OILS — California Castor Oil. in rases. No. 1,
75c; pure, 11 30; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
SGc; raw, "Sc; cases. 5c more; Luccl. 69c per
gallon for boiled and 67c for raw; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 70c; cases, 75c:
China Nut. t-5<S€0c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot
OH. barrels, (!5c; cases. 70c; Sperm, pure, 6Ic:
Whale Oil. natural white. 37UI542V4C per gal
lon: Fish Oil. barrels S."c; cases. 40c.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 2S©33c per lb: Sol*
Lenther. medium. 26#30e: Sole Leather. light.
2CSf2Sc; Rough Leather, heavy, z7@2Sc: Rough
Leather, light. 25@26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
3I'33Sc; Ilarness Leather, medium. 30@37c;
Harness Leather, light. 2?S35c;. Collar Leather,
lafjiee per foot; Kip. unfinished. 40<{j:.0c per i'j;
Veal, finished. 50Sr.5c: Calf flnlshed. 7*c®$l 20;
Sides, finished. l<5?M7c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits, 14ffl«c; Rough Splits, 8<gl0c per lb.
TANBARK-Ground, i 25^23 per ton; Stick.
$1R@2O per cord.
Guatemala ami Mexican— 13016c for prime to
fancy washed; ll@12c for strictly good washed;
ll©10-'!4c»for good washed; 9@9*ic for fair
washed; SfT8?ie for medium; BigT^ic for In
ferior to ordinary: UOlSc for good to prime
washed peaberry; lO^lO'ic nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry: SViSS^c. nominal
lor good to superior unwashed.
Nicaragua— U<§16c nominal for prime to fancy
washed; SH^Wc nominal for fair to strictly
fccod washed; S^SHc nominal for good to su
perior unwashed; lt'@10V4<? nominal Tor good to
j»rime unwaehfd peaberry.
Salvador— 10® 13Vic for good to prime washed:
Sfcig9He for fair washed; ll^l'Ho for good
to prime rrashed peaberry; 9'@i\c for good to
prime semi- washed: SH<&8 :v ic for superior un
ivcshed: S'.ic for good green unwashed; 10^10**0
for good to superior unwashed pea berry; 6@7ijC
for common to ordinary.
CORDAGE— The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 12'4c per lb;
Slral Size and Bale Rope, 8c; Duplex. 8c.
Terms, $0 days or 1H Per cent cash discount.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per lb. 4c:
rases, regular. 4Hc; cases, extra large. 5c;
canes, -Eastern style, 5%c: Boneless. 6c; "Nor
way," 6c; "Narrow Gauge," 6c; "Silrer King,"
7^c: blocks, "Oriental." 5V»c: • blocks. "Sea
bright." 6%c; tablets. 7c; middles. "Golden
State," 6c: middles. "White Seal." S'4c; 5-lb
boxes, tancy Boneless, per lb, 9c; 2-lb boxes.
Fancy Boneless, per lb. 7c; Desiccated, per
dozen. 7Sc; Pickled Cod, barrels, each, $7;
Pickled Cod. half barrels, ¦ each. U 25.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— 13914c nominal for
prime washed: ll®12',4c nominal for good
cashed; 12® 13c . nominal for good to prime
washed peabcrrj" ll@ll?ic nominal for good to
prime peaberry; 10%® 12c for good to prime:
S»H©10c nominal for good current mixed with
Mack beans: 9®10c nominal for fair; *S7*»c
rcnilnal for common to ordinary.
COAL— Wellington. $3 per ton; Southfield
Wellington. t3; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $7; Coos
Uay, $5 60; Wallsend. $3; Co-operative Walls
end. $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 23 In
racks; Pennsylvania Antracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Ccke. $15 per ton in bulk and
f!7 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45
per 2C00 pounds and $S 50 per ton. according
to brand.
CANNED FRUITS— Extras in 2V4-lb. tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots. $1 £0; Cherries.
$2 for black and $2 for Royal Anne; Grapes.
$1 35; Peaches, 65c@$l 75; Pears. $1 85; Hums.
$1 3J@1 40; Quinces. Jl 65; Strawberries. $1 75.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $3 K: Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. 6'4c; local make.
6%e; Wool Bags. SOQ32«4c; Fleece Twine. 7Uc.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6%c for small and 6&c for
medium and 6c for large; Mock Hogs, 5^ic;
feeders, E&c; dressed Hogs, 8@9&c
Beef, Mutton, Veal and Lamb show no
change, the market ruling firm under light sup
plies.
BEEF— 7©So for Steers and 6-©7»ic per lb for
cowe.
VEAL— Large, 7®8c; small, 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 10@12!$c; Ewes, lOo per
pound.
LAMB— HV4©12o per lb; spring. 124@13c per
pound.
Th« scarcity of Hogs has led to importations
from Nebraska .and Utah, but the market re
mains firm.
HIDES, AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lo under quotations. Heavy Salted steers
9V4@10c; medium. 9c; light. 8@S^c; Cow Hides!
8V4c for heavy and 8i@8'4c for light: Stags 6®
6V4c; Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal. 9®10c: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 15Vi«16c: Culls. 1JU«,14 C .
Dry Kip, 15«16c; Dry Calf. lC@17c; cuUs and
brands, 14S15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, MffSOc
each; short Wool, 30®50c each; medium COinsc
long Wool. 75cSn each: Horse Hides, salt |2 M
©2 75 for large and $2®-2 25 for medium, |1 25 f - o
smsll and COc for colts; Horse Hides, dry $1 73
for large. $1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and
COc for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins
35c; fall or medium skins. 3Cc; winter or thin
Eklns. . 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 73c
large and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. *h9*Ke per lb-
No. 2. 4©4Hc: grease. 2@2Hc '
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows-
Northern, free, 15@lSc: Northern, defective Vfa
!4c: Middle County, free. I3#i6c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12® 14c; Southern Mountain. 12
months'. 9@16c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. Higl2c: Southern Mountain, defective
7 months', 9@llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno, 1«
@17c; N»vada, 13®16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln, WiQ%c; do lambs, 8®
9c; Middle County, 9®10c; Northern Mountain
free, 10@Uc; Southern Mountain. 74t?8V»c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, HS12c per lb.
HOPS— 15@20e per lb.
San Francisco Meat Markci. '
The situation in Hides remains unchanged,
Xo. 1 being firm and. In fair demand and No. Z
dull and accumulating. There are a good many
grubby Hides on the market Just now.
Hops are Hrmty held, and stocks are being
steadily reduced.
Wool continues dull, and quotations stand th«
same.
COTTOLENE — Ons half-barrel. SUc; three
half-barrels, 8c; one tierce, 7%c; two tierces,
7%c; five tierces, l%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops?
compound and 9Uc for pure; half-barrels, pure
9%c: 10-lb tins, 10c; 5-lb tins. »Hc.
Pricea for all descriptions under this head re
main as before, and the demand is very" low.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll@HHo per lb for
heavy. MVi'S'Uo for light medium. 12H®13c for
light 13V4@14c for extra light and 15©15%c for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12c;
Mess Beef. $12 rer barrel; extra Mess, $U:
Family. 114; extra fine'Pork. /$J5<515 50; extra
clear, - $19 6C®20; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c
per r>ound. - ¦ ¦ ¦
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6H©8%c per lb for
Provisions.
Peaches and Plums continue weak and freely
offered at the decline already noted. Prunes
are dull here, but in increasing demand at
New York. The same may be said 'of Raisins.
Honey and Nuts are dull and nominal.
FRUITS — Apricots, 6i7Sc for Royals and 10-5
lOHc for Moorrarks; Evaporated Apples, 4©
6>ic: sun-dried, lH®2%c; Peaches, 3@3Hc for
standard. 4@4&c for choice, and 5(96c for
fancy; Pears, 2{j7c: Plums, pitted, 4®3c: un
pltted, iffHic; Nectarines, JCT.IVic for red and
bWn'Cc for white. - - .
PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 sizes, 3c; 30-40s, 7c;
40-608, 6ttCJ 60-COs. 4Kc: 60- 70s, 3%c; 70-SOs. 3Uc;
80-90S. 2>ic; SO-lOOs. 2Hc; 10O-12Os, 14c: rubies,
>ic premium; Sonomas. He and San Joaqulns
Uc'less than Santa Claras, except 100 and over,
which etand the same.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleach*!
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice. He;
jtandard. 10c; prime. 9c; - unbleached • Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. SuUnnaj"— Fancy. 1014c per
lb- choice. 9V4c; standard, 8>5ic; prime. Sc; un
bleached Sultana*. 8c; Seedless, JO-lb .boxes,
fi^c: 4-crown, 7c: 3-crown, 6Hc: 2-crcwn, 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown. 5c: 3-crown. 5^c. and
4-crcwn,- SVfcc; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy,
I6-ounce. 7c: 12-ounce. 5Hc: choice, lR-ounce,
C^e* 12-ounce, 6V4c; London ' Layers. 2-crown,
Jl CO per box; 8-crown, SI 60: Fancy Clusters,
}2: Dehe*a." %1 tO: Imperial. *3. AH prices f.o.
b at common shipping points in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, SQ'lOc per lb for Italian:
Walaut* No. 1. softshell. 10c; No. 2. 7V4c: No.
1 hardshell. 9»ic: No. 2, 7c: Almonds. I2i??l3e
for parxrchell. 9®llc for softshell; Peanuts, 5
06c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts,
ISc- Pecans. ll©13c: Cocoanuts, 13 50<35.
HONEY— Comb. WViQUc for • bright and 12H
<f?13o for light amber: water white extracted.
7V§c: light amber extracted, 6*i(@7c; dark, 6@
cue ffr lb. .
BEESWAX24S2SO per lb. .
Five cars of Oransres are announced for to
morrow's auction. The market Is quoted quiet
and rather weak than otherwise.
The Panama steamer brought ud only SO
boxes of Mexican Limes, and prices have ad
vanced sharply In consequence. :
Banaras are in ample supply, quiet and un
changed. There Is nothing new }n Apples, fine
goods being in light supply and firm, and the
lows-.- grades dull and easy. Pears are nut
much lr. evidence and prices an more or less
nominal.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 35UT&C per box for common. 73cQ>
$1 50 for good to choice and $l 7C®2 for fancy.
PEAIcS — 65e«T$l.H» per box.
CITRUS FfUTITS — Xavol Oranges. $lff2:
Seedlings, 60cS?$l 25; Tangarlnes, 75c©il £0:
Japanese Mandarins, $1 50<S?l 75; Lemons, 2Sc@
Jl 25 for common and $1 f>C@2 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit,. 75cJ?ll IA; Mexican Limes,
$"#8; California Limes, T3c<fill: Bananas. 75c<3>
II 75 per bunch; Pineapples, 75cff$2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy — Extras, ISc; firsts, 15c; seconds, 12c;
store, lie
Storage — Creamery extras, ; firsts, ;
seconds, ; dairy extras, .
Pickle, per pound.
Kfg. r?r pound."
CHEESE- Fancy, full cream. 10o; choice,
9c; common, nominal: Young Americas, 10c;
Eastern, full cream, 15ffl6Ho per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected white, 15c: mixed
colors", 14c per dozen.
California Gathered — Selected, 14c; standard,
; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, ;
seconds, .
Storage — California fancy : standard, ;
Eastern fancy, ; standard, ; seconds.
Creamery— Extras, 20c; firsts, ISc: seconds.
Receipts " as reuorted by the Dairy Ex
change were 50,100 pounds of Butter. 1197 cases
Eggs and 5474 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese. . ; •
BCTTER-
Both Butter and Eggs were marked down
again on the Dairy Exchange. There was no
change In Cheese.
The Butter market in still' suffering from lack
of outside orders, and in fact, some orders for
the north have been canceled by buyers dur
ing the past several days. A few Eggs are
going north, but not enough to help this mar
ket much. All dairy products have to depend
mainly upon the local demand at present,
and it is not sufficient to keep stocks down.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Arrivals of Game were about 100 eacks, most
ly Quail and Hare, both of which were weak.
Ducks were steady.
The railroad wreck in Nevada Is still detain
ing the Eastern Poultry, which should have
reached here Monday, hence California Poul
try has the market to itself for the moment,
and is firm In consequence.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12@13c for Gob
blers and 13®14c ¦ for Hens: Dressed Turkeys,
lIiS16c; Geeie, per pair. %\ 5O@2; Goslings. 12 50
®2 75; Ducks, $4^5 for old and $6@7 50 for
young; Hens, $4fl3 50: Young Roosters, ?5@
6 50; Old Roosters, |4#4 50; Fryers, $o®5 50;
Broilers, VoTi 3 50 for large and $3 50>£H 60 for
email: Pigeons. $1 25g l l 50 per dozen for old
and $2 2." ft 2 50 for Squab*.
GAME— Quail, fl 25; Mallard. *3©3: Canvas
back. $3®4 50; Sprig. 12 50@3 50; Teal. $2£ 2 53;
Widgeon. $1 75@2 £0; Small Duck, $1 50; Black
Jack. |1 50; Gray Geese, 13 60; White Geese.
I1®1 50: Brant. |1 50 for Email and *2®2 50 for
large; Honkers, *3<K4 50: English Snipe. 12 50@
8; Jack Snipe. $1 Wi Hare, 5Qc@$l: Rabbit",
$10160 for Cottontail and 75o for Brush;
Pigeons, $1 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. lie; Asparagus,
from Sacramento, for forced and 30®40o
for natural; from Alameda and Bouldln Island,
; Green Peas, 5«I8c per lb; String Beans.
12H©15c; Cabbage. |i; Tomatoes. Los Angeles.
COc0$l CO per crate; from Mexico, II 50^2 per
crate; Egg Plant, Los -Angeles, 20c per lb;
Green Peppers. Los Angeles. KKJMSc per lb for
Chile and 2'*3"30c for Bell; Dried Peppers. 9S
Uc; Dry Okra, 10©15c per lb; Carrots, 25©35o
p«>r box: Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 50((J'2 25 per
dozen; Summer Squash. SI 75(g2 25 per box;
Garlic, 35?S}ic per lb: Marrowfat Squash, $30
per ton; Mushrooms, 15©30c per lb.
Onions are the feature of this market Just
now. They continue very scarce, dealers aro
looking. on all sides for supplies, and It is re
ported that orders have been sent to Australia,
Prices have again advanced, as will be seen.
Potatoes are quiet and featureless. ' Sweets
are dull and easy.' .' •
No southern Vegetables arrived yesterday,
and quotations represent carrled-over stock.
POTATOES— Early Rc«e, 65<373c; Burbanks,
35(<?30c for River, $1@1 25 per ctl for Salinas
and e5c(5$l 10 for Oregon: Garnet Chiles from
Oregon, -50®'70c: Sweets, 75c@tt for Merced.
ONIONS— $3 50194 per ctl; Cut Onions, 52 £0
per ctl. '
Scattering carloads of Beans are changing
hands. Just enough to redeem the market from
stagnation. Prices have not changed for several
weeks. Seeds continue motionless and nominal,
BEANS— Baycs, $2 E0©2 75: Small White,
14 60@4 90; Large White, U9* 25; Pink. $2 15®
2 85; Red, }3©-3 50; Blackeye, $3@3 25; Llmas,
$5 60(35 70; Pea, cleaned up and nominal; Red
Kidney, $3 75@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, S3 MQ-Z; Canary, 3'4®
SXc for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7H@8Vic for Califor
nia and 9©9»,ic for Utah; Rape, 232&c; Hemp.
SHc; Timothy, 6Hc-
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. »2®2 50; Green, $2 .0
03 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, 'Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
There -was no Hay market, owing to th«
heavy Vain.- Bran continued firm.
BRAN— $16^17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— ?16 G0@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. TJ16@18 M per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J234J26; Jobbing.
J28 50: Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal. $23
<3<23 CO; Cracked Corn. $25 50<32«; Mixed Feed,
* HAY— Volunteer. $5©8: Wheat, m@13;
Wheat and Oat, $D<0-12; Oat, $9^11 £0: Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa. $8®9 60; Barley. $7 5000 oO
per ton.
BTRAW— S3@4"Ho per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 2Zt&
J3 60. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15©3 25;
Orison, $2 11(22 So per barrel for family and
12 75@3 for bakers"; Washington, bakers', $2 75
©s. -
MILLSTUKFS— Pricec In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. 12 75; Ilye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do. $3 50; Oat Groats, $4 £0: Hom
iny. $3 500*3 73; Buckwheat Flour. W3* »!
Cracked Wheat. J3.50; Farina. 14 50; Whole
Wheat, Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6«J
7 23; In sacks. $5 75#7; Pearl Barley, J5; Split
Peas, J5; Green Peas, jo CO per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
$1 25@1 40 * for Feed i and $1 85©1 43 for Seed :
Gray, nominal; Black, for- feed. > $1 17%B1 »>:
for > seed." SI ihQX 20 • per ctl. • • :
CORN — Dealers continue to report a., nominal
market, offerings , being - • neglected. Yellow,
|1 12'Jfil 15; White, $1 15; ! Eastern,* mixed.
Jl 12V4 per ctl. ' - '¦¦¦:.¦
•• RYE— Still weak and freely offered at SVA&
S3c per .ctl. , . ¦
THE SAN FRAJN CISCO;'? CAJLLj; w JiUJN KfcjUiV^Y,? vJjrii; j4KUvA.it x .
Foreign Futures.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
February. 1SC1
CALL CALENDAR.
To t>© a wise man Is to be esteemed, bat
to be a witty one is to be envied,
8
ST.
¦ic
DXS.
J2
• L**t • This
!l Hours Season.
I Last
! S«a«on.
¦
ICBtl
.ir."
Tie T
r.y
i*C?
SCO ....
*
iblspo..
g
S!S9 21 .':» 1
0.8S IS.*!
0.79 16. <X
0.06 ! 9.0O I
Trace i 5.41
0.12 I 26.45
0.C6 j 13.61
0.C2 i I.Z3
! 35. S3
! 15.75
i 13.71
14. £9
I 6.21
2.14
12.6?
4. 57
2.65
Joist
•8 ...
[CM
CO
8. M.IT. W.l T. |,F. I S. Moon's Pbaaea.
j |~- 3 /C> Full Moon.
J — -I — W February X
10 f 11 11 13 ( 14 [ 13 f 18 '¦ February 11.
S. I Moon's
>••««.
8. M.IT. W.l T. |,F. I S. Moon's Pbaaea.
j |~- 3 /C> Full Moon.
J — -I — W February X
10 f 11 11 13 ( 14 [ 13 f 18 '¦ February 11.
S. I Moon's
>••««.
ST.
¦ic
DXS.
J2
• L**t • This
!l Hours Season.
I Last
! S«a«on.
¦
ICBtl
.ir."
Tie T
r.y
i*C?
SCO ....
*
iblspo..
g
S!S9 21 .':» 1
0.8S IS.*!
0.79 16. <X
0.06 ! 9.0O I
Trace i 5.41
0.12 I 26.45
0.C6 j 13.61
0.C2 i I.Z3
! 35. S3
! 15.75
i 13.71
14. £9
I 6.21
2.14
12.6?
4. 57
2.65
Joist
•8 ...
[CM
COIABCHES OF DEWET
PUZZLE KETCHENZB
LOJvDONV Feb. 13.— Lord Kitchener,
commander in chief of the British forces
in South Africa, telegraphing from Pre
toria to the War Office under date o5
February IS, says:
"Dewet is reported still moving north
and now is west of Hopetown. He prob
ably will double back to the southwest.
The troops are prepared Tor this. A train
was derailed between Vereeningin and
Johannesburg this meming. but the Boers
were driren off before they secured
much." v
Supplies for the Troops.
"WASHINGTON. Feb. IS.-Omtracts for
several hundred thousand dollars*, worih
of military supplies were awarded to-day
by Colonel Patten." Quartermaster, acting
for the Quartermaster General. The fol
lowing contracts were made for dellTerv
at San Francisco: Cahn, Nlckelbtirgr &
Co. of San Francisco. S.00O pairs russet
ehoes; 5,003 pairs black calfskin shoes.
Captain Seymour decided, after hearing
the result of the autopsy, to keep Mc-
Grath in the prison till the Coroner's In
quest and If the Jury exonerates him from
all blame he will be discharged. '
Policeman Tillman found McGrath at 5
o'clock In the vicinity of Tenth and How
ard streets. Tlllman says that on the
way to the prison McGrath told him he
had hit Hennessey on the head with a
club. This McGrath denies, and gays he
and Hennessey were the best of friends.
Dr. Luigl Domenico Bacigalupt. autopsy
surgeon for the Coroner, found that acute
alcoholism wa» the cause of Hennessey's
death. The heart was also in a bad state,
and the liquor drunk by Hennessey caused
collapse. Through abundant caution,
however. Dr. Bacigalupi sent the stomach
and contents to the City Chemist for
analysis. The report of the chemist will
be received within the next two or three
days. There was a slight abrasion over
the left eye, but It had nothing to do with
the death.
When Cummins reached Tenth and Mar
ket streets he was ordered to stop by Mc-
Grath. who got out and staggered down
Tenth street. Looking Into the hack.
Cummins saw Hennessey lying on his side
on the seat. He was unconscious. The
driver notified Policemen Fraher and Till
man. who told him to drive to the Re
ceiving Hospital. Hennessey was dead
when the hack got there.
McGrath and Hennessey attended a
lodge meeting on O'Farrell street Monday
night and both became intoxicated. They
visited several saloons and missed the
"last car." finally reaching a saloon on
Stockton street. The bartender at this
piece put them Into W. G. Cummins' hack
and told mm to take them home. ,
The body of Charles J. Hennessey Is In
the Morgue and Henry McGrath. who was
a friend of Hennessey, Is in the "tanks"
at the City Prison pending the result of
a Coroner's inquest. • Hennessey was a
salesman with Gerson & Baer. 533 Market
street, and lived with his family at 1533A
Dolores street. McGrath lives at Twenty
ninth and Dolores streets with his family
and is employed by the Harhor Commis
sioners. He is well known in politics and
Is an ex-Assemblyman.
REDWOOD CTTT. Ftb. 13.— Two new M.vo
rallcn water ta-lrs arrtred her* f>-4»y from
San Francisco for ihe dry waterworks and
will be erected at ence.
SAN T>JEGO. Feb. 19.— For the second
time Jn th* hiftrry of the trouble between.
TV". A. I>->rar! ard his wife. Mrs. Doran
r ; a* tv^»n d^ni*-i a divorce, whi-h she
toqstxt in the Superior Court. Judjrn<=.r!t
•«-£« r*r,f".<»r*d to-day In favor of the de
'-rAzrX. TVir=.r. has been prominent in
political circles h?re for the past dozen
Twice Denied a IMvorpe.
A dispatch to the Herald from Colum
bus says: "The launching of Otis' boom
for United States Pension Commissioner
has been »ery Indifferently done In Ohio.
No one seems to be authorized as man
ager of his candidacy. It is understood
that he is anxious to have some Influential
member of the present coterie of Repub
lican managers here take up the mat
ter, but so far without success. Old sol
diers here do not hesitate to say that they
regard General Otis* record and disposi
tion a*> not at all calculated to make a
good Pension Commissioner."
Dispatches to the Herald from Cincin
nati say that there are but two posts in
Ohio which have indorsed him.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 19.— General Har
rison Gray Otis Is anxious to succeed
Henry Clay Evans as Commissioner of
Pensions. Otis is seeking In a quiet way
the influence of his old comrades and ac
quaintances in the Grand Army of Ohio.
The Herald's Washington correspondent
to-day Interviewed General Grosvenor
who said:
"Considering the fact that without doubt
General Otis would make a capable head
of the Pension Bureau, this change may
be made in the near future,"
HASBISOU GRAY OTIS
WOULD SUCCEED EVANS
r>ecrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Julia E. Wilkie frcsi Thomas B.
Wtikie for desertioj. Sylvia E. B. Clark
from, William H. Clark for failure to pro
vide. Juliane Damon from Heinrich, Da
mon for Intemperance and W. J. Towno
from Virginia L. Town* en statutory
grounds. Suits for divorce were filed- by
Alfred W. Cooper acilnst Meta M. Cooper
for desertion. Margaret Rellly araicsc
James* Rellly for cruelty, A. Einnia
Schmid against William G. Bchmid for
failure • to • provide- tad Annie Morrisoa
against Nell G. Mornscn for cruelty.
In the Divorce Court.
At first It was thought that the Union
Pacific's proposal to build was something
in the nature of a "bluff" to prevent the
carrying forward of Senator Clark's'pro
jected Salt Lake and Los Angeles propo
sition, but communications. It is said, that
have passed between the Rock Island and
Union. Pacific officials leave no room for
doubt that the Union Pacifle. particularly
since Its acquisition of the Southern .Pa
cific, claims the Southwestern territory as
Its own peculiar field and resents the In
trusion of the Rock Island.
Ostensibly the projection of the exten
sion is to open tip valuable mineral ter
ritory In Southwestern Utah, Nevada and
California, but the real purpose, accord
ing to railroad men. is the inauguration
by the Union Pacinc of a counter move
ment to a projected extension of the Chi
cago, Rock Island and Pacific road, which
has under construction a line KS miles
long from liberal. Kans.. to Santa Rosa,
on the Pecos River, anu has entered Into
a traffic arrangement with the El Paso
and Northwestern, over an extension of
which road and In conjunction with the
Atchison tha Rock Island seeks ajSouth
em California and San Francisco outlet.
NEW YORK. Feb. 13.— It was stated In
Wall street to-day that the Union Padnc
Railroad has an engineering corps In the
field surveying a line from Frisco, Utah.
the "southern terminus of the Utah Cen
tral road, now part of the Oregon Short
Line, southwest to a connection on the
Southern Pacific that will shorten -the
route to L03 Angeles and Southern Cali
fornia by several hundred miles.
Special IMspatch to The CalL
Union Pacific Proposes Lay
. ing Rails to Acquire
More Territory.
RIVAL ROADS
HURRYING WEST
Bemis was apprised of his wife's death
at a saloon at 777 Market street, and he
went out to the Receiving Hospital He
declined to speak of the causes leading to
the woman's death. In the places which
he frequented, the employes said that the
relations of the couple were extremely
happy. and no reason could be a-sitmed
for the action of the woman in taking
poison.
The mystery will probably have to be
sClved by the police.
Some six weeks ago Beinl3 and his wife
took rooms at 305 Eddy street with the
family of H. M. Templeton. But little
was seen of the couple. The husband
sper.t the greater portion of his days away
from home.
Shortly after 3 o'clock yesterday after
noon Mrs. Berais was taken to the Tera
pleton residence from some hotel on Bush
street. She came in a carriage and was ac
companied by a young woman who said
Mrs. Bemis was ill. She was carried to
her room and received such attentions as
her condition seemed to warrant. About
four hours later Dr. J. A. Macdonald of
313 Eddy Ftreet was called In and found
her In -a state of collapse.
He administered tonics and stimulants,
but as her condition did not Improve he
suggested that the woman be sent to tho
Receiving Hospital. She reached there
about 8:30 o'clock and died about two
hours later without the doctors being
able to render her any assistance. Her
body was later removed to the Morgue.
At her late residence H. M. Templeton
raid that nothing was known as to where
she came from or tisa r.ame of the woman
who brought hex to the house. Temple
ton said a partially emptied pint bottle
of wood alcohol was found in her valise.
Mrs. Herbert E. Bemis of 333 Eddy
street .died last night at the Receiving
Hospital from the effects of poison, the
nature of which Drg. Murphy ani
Thrasher were unable to determine.
Mra. Bemis and her husband . formerly
conducted a roadhouse near Cahunga. Los
Angeles County, and came to this city
about two years asro. He Is a man about
50 years of age and sho> was a woman on
the shady side of 30. To all outward ap
peaiances their domestic relations were
nappy.
Is Brought Home Sufftring
From Poison and Dies
in Hospital.
WOMAN'S DEATH
SEEMS PECULIAR
Buckland is a German and 37 years of
age. He claims that he was discharged
from Company E. Thirty-fifth Regiment,
for insanity in October last.
John Buckland. a laborer, created a dis
turbance in the saloon at SOI Keamy
street while drunk last night, and after
being twice ejected returned to the saloon
and fired three shot3 at close ranse at
Charles H. Harriman. the proprietor,
without doing serious damage. That Har
riman escaped being killed is little short
of a miracle. He was leaning on the b|r,
reading a newspaper, when Buckland
pushed open the swinging doors and,
standing almost against tne saloon man,
drew a small-caliber revolver, and point
ing it at Harriman's head, fired.
The bullet whizzed past Harriman's face
and lodged In the wall. Again Buckland
pulled the trigeer. the leaden missile this
time tearing through Harriman's coat
sleeve, but without inflicting any injury.
¦ Buckland backed away and. taking de
liberate aim. nred a third shot. The last
ball struck. Harriman in the abdomen
and went through his shirt and under
garments, but with no other effect than to
leave an abrasion no larger than a pin
head on his skin. Buckland ran from the
saloon toward Pacific street, where Spe
cial Officer Sam Daggett tried to stop him
but was held at bay by the fleeing man,
who threatened to kill him. Datrcett
watched his chance and grappled with
Buckland, whom he soon overpowered.
With the assistance of Policeman Cava
naugh Daggett brought the man to the
Central Station, where he was locked up
on a charge of assault to commit murder.
John Buckland Fires Three
Shots at C. H. Harriman
Without Effect
TRIES TO SHOOT
A SALOON-KEEPER
DR. RALPH A. HUNTINGTON,
who was convicted by a Jury in
Jud^e Lawlor's court of a charg-e
of manslaughter for causing the
death of Miss Jennie McKown.
his sweetheart, was sentenced by the
Judge yesterday to ten year.s in San Quen
tin, which is the extreme penalty for such
an offense. * . -
When the case was called ex-Judge Fer-
Charlis J. Hennessey, Sales
man, Found Dying in
DEBAUCH BRINGS
HIM TO DEATH
J. T. Gibson, the first of the retailers to
reopen, decided to let his clerks go at 6 p.
m.. but to ke°p his store open later, tend
ing it himself. His action has provoked
threats <-if boycott. Mr. Gibson said yes
terday that he found it to be a necessity
for him to reopen and that he would per
sist, for he cou!d not make the business
pay if he closed at « p. m. The clerks and
the merchants of the city are alike await
ing' developments.
"vVe. the urvierslrned retail merchants, do
hereby arree to rios* our stores not later than
S p. m.. <?xc^Dtl"ic SMurn&v nlff&ts. tn?
ines fre^eding holidays and during the month
of Oec*rr.b*r. and do also agree to keep our
Eti-re* c!cse>I on Fur.<isy.
The Rrtail Clrrks* Union would not
agree to closing at S p. m.
The Retail Merchants' t Association is
preparing to Issue an address to the pub-
He concerning the early closing: move
ment. Two meetings have recently been
he!d and the form of the address was dis
cussed. In the meantime, however, one of
the members of the association. J. T. Gib
son, dealer In furnishlnp; goods at 1354
Market street, has reopened his store in
the evening. Other members of the asso
ciation are conslderir.g' the came pro
cedure, and the address to the public may
precede the reopening by nisrht of stores
that have been closed at 5 p. m. since the
beginning of the year. In doinz this they
an> oppose! to the Retail Clerks" Union.
Two circular* have been already issued
by the Retail Merchants" Association. In
one of th*?* the alms and purposes of the
association are f taied. One purpose is "to
encourage an 8 p. m. closing, not Interfer
ing with the 6 o'clock closing stores nor
with the smaller stores that may desire a
later closing hour."
Opposition to the boycott is also pro
claimed a« a purpose of the association.
In another circular it. is set forth that "it
is the aim of this association to concen
trate -the Interests of retail dealers in all
lines." A member of the association, who
ha? been felccted to pive information to
th* press, mad*- the statement last nierht
that the Association i» ewmposed of email
merchants all over the city, principally
dealers In pentlem<?n's furnishing poods,
hatters, furriers, clothiers and merchant
tailors. A proposition was submitted to
the Retail Clerks' I'nion by the associa
tion which reads as follows:
Smaller Retail Dealers Are
Framing an Address
to the Public.
DESIRE T0 END
EARLY CLOSING
SAN RAFAEL. Feb. 13.— John Jones, a
young ironworker, residing at Twenty
fifth and Castro streets. San Francisco,
had some words In a saloon to-night with
Jack Reilly. a brother of Matthew Rellly.
who was killed by W. F. "Wartrorton last
month, and later Jones was attacked and
struck on the head with a cane, said to
have been wielded by Reilly. After the
quarrel in the saloon Reilly disappeared.
and when Jones left -the place, several
witnesses say. fce vr» e beaten by Reilly.
Dr. W . F. Jones, the County Physician,
was called and dressed the yosng man's
wounds, whi^h are not eericus.
"Jack" B«illy Accused of Beating a
San Franciscan.
AFFKAY AT SAN BAFAEL.
City Engineer Grunsky completed the
preliminary plans yesterday to be submit
ted to the Board of Public Works for the
construction of a tur.nel under Montgom
ery street, between Pacific and Lombard.
showing that the proposed improvement
will cost in round numbers $300,000. The
estimated cost of excavating- 73.SO5 cubic
vards is placed at H"-'i.S"i. This amount
includes 535»3 for a modern sewer, to be
built In accordance with olans yet to be
prepared. It Is thought that damage to
property will require KSJOOO. thus making
the total estimated cost !23s.8Cfc.
The plans contemplate the length of the
tunnel to be 2jOO feet, with a bituminous
rock roadway. The North Central Im
provement Association has been agitating
the improvement, which will connect the
north end wharves with the wholesale dis-
The Board of Public Works ha? request
ed the City Attorney for an opinion as to
what extent the right of the city to Ste
venson street, from Seventh to Eighth, has
been settled, and what portions are still
in litigation and undetermined. Stevenson
street Is shown on the official map as ex
tending through the block bounded by
Market. Seventh, Mission and Eiphth
streets. The extension has been in litiga
tion, and an application has been made
to the board for permission to erect a
bui'.dlnsr to b« used as a handball court,
which will stand In part across the lines
of Stevenson str**t as shown on the of
ficial map. ,
City Engineer Submits Plans Show
ing Work Will Cost About
$3OO,OOO.
ESTIMATES FOB TUNNEL
ON MONTGOMERY STBEET
A meeting of contractors was held yes
terday In the Montgomery-street ofHces
cf Charles A. V.'arren to take actlcn re
garding the strike of sand and gravel
wacon teamsters. Contractors Warren.
O'Brien. OShea. Tuttl<?. Cray Brothers,
the San Krancisco Construction Company
and the City Street Improvement Com
pany, controlling about 253 of the 300 patnl
wagons in the city, were represented at
the meeting.
After a short dl=cuF=ion the contractor*
concluded that the demands of the teajn
sters were without right and Impossible
of fulfillment and hence no effort to effect
a compromise with the strikers will be
made. The contractors agreed to g'>
ahead with their work as usual, take In
new har.ds to manage the teams and to
refuse any offer to return to work that
may be made by the strikers.
The impression was given out by the
striking teamsters that thfJr union Had
be*n recognized by the San Francisco
Trades Council and would be taken in by
th&t erranizatfen. It was stAted at the
m«*<?tir:s of contractors that the teamsters
had b*en misled and doubtless led Into
their present difficulty through the belief
that tht:r union would b-e accepted by the
Trades Council, which, for the present ?lt
least, if said to be without foundation.
The contractors pointed out that the
teamsters had but little right, by reason
<"f th» natur" of th*ir emplc}*niAnt. to ex
pect to become part and parcel of the
Trades Council, and though the applica
tion of the Teamsters' Union for admis
sion is now with th? Trades Council, the
same will net be acted upen for some
time.
A^i<i» from the team*tprs=" apparent lack
of support the contractors point to th?
fart that the teamsters— not In any sense
of the word being skilled laborer.*— are
raid fair waets- frcra Jl 3 to S2 a day.
Thf-!r demand for I. Z- 1 diy. shorter
hours and otht-r concessions will, hence.
not be granted. The contractors also
raised the point that even if before the
strike the teamsters were entitled to be
heard, tneir lack of consideration for their
employers, many of whom have contracts
covering Icr.g periods ahead, no longer
entitle? them to this privilege-
The brarcir.g-house plan, which is in use
by some of the contractor*, is another
source of grievance to the t"am«t?r*.
"While it is true that a few contractors
have boarding-houses, which, in their de
fens-?, the contractors say keep nUiny of
th<? e»s away from saloons and in a con
dition to work, all do not run these places,
notably Gray Brothers: but the teamster
did not discriminate between contractors
who did or did not conduct boarding
houses. This fact, in addition to others
stated, swerved as a further Incentive for
the contractors to go ahead and ignore
the Teamsters" Union.
Many teams were running yesterday.
Advertisements inserted in the dally
papers called many teamsters to labor
and within the next few days the con
tractors say they will be running full
force and the Teamsters' Union will have
lost its fipht.
The striking team drivers are awaiting
a chanc in weather conditions before
phowirs: their strength. They met In
force yesterday at their headquarters at
1155 Mission street and discussed their
plans for the future. The storm prevent
ed much outside work.
Contractors Meet and Agre9
to Resist the Demands
of Strikers.
EMPLOYERS WILL
FIGHT TEAMSTERS
kers. unless by special authorization of
the grand president.
"Hie trouble heretofore existing between 1
the rail'.nien and tneir bosses is now a
thing of th<* past. AH trouble heretofore
*x!*t!T:sr b*>twe<:r< lY* m"n and th^ir bosses
was fttied at .1 mating of the board of
arbitration last r.tgfct.
The follow*-? conditions have been
agreed upon between ail parties interest
ed, which w-n 1! ;-jr>t!e58 have the effect
cf giiirp an Imptta* to building all over
the city:
PAX rRAXCISCC. F>b. 1*. lxL
To tie X-::: «'.rr..T; < .tt«e Representing th»
TbrtlGtng TruJ** Council of Saa Francisco an !
the :-a= Fnvrtmrt Pianir.* M:llnien - » As»oc!»
dOB—Gesticaen: Y.jur bo«r* o* atkCttmtlaa
«.p:-1 F^ruar:- 11. B01. t*g leave tj report
that. z!:er bearta* tie ftatemest* Of bota
*ri>s retattrt te the matter* in <5isi>ut*. ani
*.:r*r a careful r*vS«-ir and consideration m€ th»
e.-.uation Sa ail us J*»r-..-.t». th*y have e*-rr~ tj
th«r CHfirluihwM a* **t r-rth in the article* cf
*rre»rr;€rt »<Jo;>te<J by th* board cf arhitraticr..
tni craft that th»y may b» ears<»s'.!y ani con
sciertSou*!y ctrri*~i out b>- yc-ur re*r»ctive or
ffaauxatieRc
At-jI€-|»s ef jLcr-Mrri^Tit aiSopt<el bv the board
. of arbitration:
Ft'*: -That frcrr. and aft»r the fisr.'.ng of
'-I' a.er*err.pr.- t-y the r»spertiv» part:** ta to
*«**»- all r**tr: ";<¦--.* an4 refusals t.> ha:vi>
I *"» ;t^"»l» furr.l»h~5 by tSw rr:err.b*-s cr fines
w tb« Francises Planir.y SUQnMHB'a A»o
c.it-.cr. < excej t ti-.r«e who fail to *Ur. tki»
ISnencsO'ifeaa be <W!ared cJT ry cnier cf
•he Bc'.I.i'.r.* Trs<J« Ciuncll. the fair* t? be
fcini-ap cpon a:: af£!lat«i arr:rr.*. bat nothing
:a tisie a*r»*Tn<»r:f sha.ll aiT^ct th* rwmpl^tlca
-- coctracts »-nt^rp»J into pr*v1»?ue to TJi* 13th \
<lay cf Aiir-jst. tXO, nor fiaXl it aSect aay
cnaZraeti taken by mills c^r.«i.*.er»4 fair bv
the C-jiMtce Trade* O-jrc'l cr la the lS-n
<Iav cf FVbrearr. 1V>1.
cotrin^nctnr <"= th» fir?t M-n- :
Cay tr. March. IXT. an<I far a r**rt>2 at Uifee '<
nscrth* tn&ir.r 6a t»» try Monday ir. .'un*. -
:ki. r-.e^r. ar.j a hs:r hour* s^.a:: coeitiuae
a <•«-*» trork. and that frcrr. ar.-i after the '
torn iS'-'-.'.B.y in Jna». tMt. hour? thall 1
• --• :ui* a. "lay'F sorfc -r. it; th« Tr«::» a^id
tf !pc at :he Saa PVaSCtaea r'.xnir.s Mi:irr:?n s |
Arscc'.&T:-:-. who f'.;-. thli acrcoaest
Third— Th»t t*-.f BXtsticrs of the San Fr&r.- '
-daco Placirx ilSDatea'm A«oc;«Ucn shall not!
b» r^<3nlr*<1 t* mt j tmioo rr.'r. for a perl»«l
M«rr!:. :¦- 1 >.fr«- ««•;-! w'.x rncT3^fc» have *x
psr*G eii ikSled trcrkxsea e—.r! ¦>;•?"*. by them
• 'sc^rt tt» forcjaaal shail t* nerr.t*^ of tin-
MOfprg** Vr-.-F. bci a:! otter *=-rlove«, each
1 as Jxx^kke*r^-^ Ltuaa. •iran)fht«ni"n. bcr» or
laf^crvr* atel] • • rCQaSrad to tx*rom< sc«m
ben ' 7 ¦ ¦¦
Focrtfe— It ¦ • ¦ - l|md ty the DTiiHir.?
7taa>* " .- ttat aii the rrf»fiit »tnp!?ye*
of :h» Pan F-an^;*--> P!an!rj? Mi'.Itn^r.'e Assa
ciaticK #hai!. at their T*. n a. t* aitr-.!:ted to
t*w 1! 'irr-T ¦ "-: - w;th<xit pr»}udic». and
i^ca t;-e fs.tn» t"rm? as the rr*f»r.t rrs»inb»rs
«ei *.*.rz.i:**Z. sr.4 that they thxll not be r*-
Cdr»4 to r»y -"-ue* t Dm* cf ar.y kind en
Ectvrast cf ar.Tthir.g that ha* 9*vurred ; n the
I*ft; r'-r »ha:i asr rr.»tnN?r of tb» San FYan
rif-.y RaStBS KlBSBexTB A*»ociati.-i»i b» r»-
V-ir»4 •_•> <i:w-harre acy cf th»!r errrloyes on
acr<"jr.t of ar.v tctisa of sal* enpicyes-in the
It i» r.'.t-^ arr»»1 that- th».Tr.err.ber* ri the
F«.n F*ran~!#r-> P^nJTKf M^Imets's Amoelation
¦K-tn nrr <l:»cr'.TT: < .nate araicrt their formT <?m
f!r>y»^ ca acr'-jr.t cf ar.y action of their al4
•-mr '."<..* m the put It is tatter a«reM by
the Sea Fraadseo Pladns Miiisi»n> A5*-A
r'sti-rn that fi^T former rneirb^r rhail. at his
«-pt:on. b* adE='.tte<5 to th» Ran F>anel»oo
t'laninr M"!s»-'« A«?=.-^-iatirr. iriThfmt ureju
dic* and uj<on the :erir« nr the present
n«:r.Vr» were a<!rr.;tte<5, nr.i that they sha!l
not be reiju'-re'i to ray (ian cr f se* of ary
klr. i on accoar.t <-if arjihir^r that h»* oc-
FJ*t*» — T~ i« «ljaj 3.ft~~S thai, "n air^cct of
••-- I — 'ni''.'i'"ni lt*rrt>y nr,t»j by the Kan
Frarr'.?-" Plirir.? KtUiaea't fliwirTillnri in
relation t» the reiartloa of hocne of labor an3
rt* enjplcTTD*EX of union tneciianic*. th»
BufMinc Tra-l** OiuneU ami it» afCliate-J
rifrar.Sxatiir* w;:; aht>olut»ly refa»» tn hanile
BSJ ~»rerial '¦omir^: froni ar.y Kiil Trtcnt
.cuuiiuf ta tbc rr**eribe<l r.tin-.ber of h"ur»
- ¦ :r.i-* '. !h:» tpffSTt, or f~r>loyl*u
UUtti tha- uni'«j tru^-hactr*.
TJttmt c^r.-liiiryu* rhal! app?y r.ct or.!f to all
la »lth:n th* citr ar.fi cotinty of Fan Fran
- . ¦ .- • s 1 .! EoTCa ta the Stale of Call
- ¦. st- we!l a» all (BOM at otter State*.
-rth— It :r also further ajrreed th?.t should
i *pr:t» or miranSerytacilir^ arl«* as to
.--*»! ;¦; rt«.t:on cf till* ajrr«'m«3t- cr trj
tbrr tr.att»r» zJT*czlT.ie the imer«Mtt» of the
rartie? ta thtt arr^emeat. the rxzr.it *ha.l be
T'r'rf**. tr. a J^r.t «V!n:n:ittee. rr*ir.p«ji*<l of an
»^3ual ruiKber trr>m earh cf the pertie* iater
r*z** for tls» an5Ju«ii!i»T-; and m Illmwin of
the «am»: ac<!. ir. ra«» tfc^r fall to arr**, th»
rr.st'ers 'r\ /Hrp^l" f-ha.ll ?>» referre<l ti the
rr**ert board of arbftntioti for acttleiacat.
TTe. the un^rrr'rr.ei. ar.-i etch.cf u». tfc» .
ggflfltng Tra<!»« Ctnaei] at fan Francl*co ar.i
tbc S&r. T^n^tTc. Raslrx M::inje-n"« As«o
«-^t;f~r-. <?•- h»-»hT- «wf! th» f— ««— ir.K arj:r'e#
e« i'T'ei !t th* board ot arMtraticn. af».d
.'- fccreby «.rree t* aMdc by and taUhfaUr
mrry oet a'.! the rtirclaticnt a* set forth in
f»id article* of err^ersert.
iP.r-;'»<-rfur!T f-trr.li-*! hi- the beard oC
ArbttrmtlCB Ofs<~AR r.KTTTS. Chalmar..
JAP. K BRITT. FTetary.
- T rHriIlATT MAHONET. '
DATXD KERR.
most continuously since 12 o'clock last
night. The measurement for the twenty
four hours er.dlnsr at midnight is .90: for
the storm. L40; for the season 13.23. Tfce
creeks are running strong, but with no
prospect of overflowing.
STOCKTON. Feb. 13. — The water around
StocXton has been rising: steadily all day.
Every ditch and slot:gh Is booming near
the danger point. The surrounding coun
try as viewed^ from the Courthouse dom\»
just before dusk presented & scene of
swollen streams aa.i scores oi big lakes
In the lowlands. The valley is dotted
with sheets of water. \ .;." =
There has been a steady movement ol
water from the foothills all day. The Cal
averas. Mokelutane and Saa Joaqala
rivers are being swelled not only by the
rainfall, but by melting snow. Mormon
Slough, which carries away the water
menacing: Stockton from the east, is with
in a few inches of leaving its backs.
Stockton Channel lacks abou: two and a
half feet of reaching the streets and
should the day's averajce of a two-Inch
rise an bear continue during the- night a
dangerous condition would exist. So far
the big levees protecting the lowland
and reclaimed U!and3 are holding, but
those who have millions of dollars at
stake will j.i^s an anxious nisht.
A message from LJnden thia afternoon
stated that Mormon Channel was bankfull
at that point and ns:n? fast. The Cala
vera3 River had overflowed and flooded
many farms and a part of the town of.
Unden. The Prather and TVltherly
ranches were under water. At that time
it was raining hard and LJndea residents
were moving goods out cf their cellars.
The operator sent word that Fair Oaks
people be warned to look out for very
high water before morning.
"There 13 little danger y«t cf aa over
flow." said John Perry manager of tho
Union Transportaticr. Cesipany, to-day,
"if the present freshet hxs time to ran
off before th« water gets down from the
Sacramento. San Jor.'r-iin. Mokelunm© and
Stanislaus rivers. Thu water ta Stockton
Channel has raised ax tie rate of two
Inches an hour all da.y. but there la room
to spare unless the back water comes tc
night."
SANTA RO3A. Feb. 13.— Tho heavy
rain of yeeter<ia.y continued all niarht aad
to-day and the end is r.ot In sight. Three
Inches of rain has fallen so fax since th«
storm began and the creeks 'are higher
than at any t!m* before this winter. No
tina?e is so far reported, sithotyrh If the
rain keeps up another da.y several bridges
are very likely to go out ta different parts
of .the county.
PENNGROVE. Feb. 13.— The heaviest
rainstorm that has visited thi3 locality la
years set In early Monday nvornlns and
at a late hour to-nipht there is no pros
pect of an end to the downpour. The
creeks In this vicinity are the highest
known in years. A Heavy southeaster
has been blowing- all day. Pasturage will
be benefited by the rain, while no dains.g»
will result to the growing irraln.
WOODLAND. Feb. 13.— As a rule ti*
rainfall here during tha month of Feb
ruary Is very Ugat. Last year It was
orly .32 of an lch. This year It Is nearly
4 inches to date and the recoTd for the
season is about 13 Inches. The Indica
tions are that February of 13C1 will b« a
record breaker and that all caJculatlorss
concerning the season's rainfall, based,
upon past experience, will be upaet.
REDWOOD CITY. Feb. 11-Raln haj
been failing In thi3 vicinity steadily for
the past twenty-four hours, aecompajiied
by a heavy south, wind. Generally the
rein will do good, but on the lowlaads tha
water Is begir.rJng to stand and cay rot
sorae of the crops planted thereon. Con
siderable water 13 Cowing la the Redwood
Creek, which, witb. the tides, threatens to
overflow the banks at places. A3 yet no
damage has been reported. The rainfall
for the present season 13 HO Inches, as
agaiast 11.2-1 laches for the same ticia
last year.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 13.— It V» rcaaor^l
here that seme anxiety is felt for the
safety of the Bowman dam on the Tuba
Rive--, up la the mouataias. It is full to>
the top and the body of waler behind it,
is two milea long, one mile 'wide and 20)
feet deep. If the dam shonld break It is
thought Marysvtlle will gaffer eererely.
and as all the streams are now running
full such a body of water would undoubt
edly do ¦widespread damage.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 13.— It has rained al-
Melting Snow Adda to the Volume of
Water and the Mokeltuxme and
;; V '}' *><*n Joaquin Are Run
ning Bankf ulL ~: /
. -*
5>»clal Di«paich tD The Call
THE Grand Lodre of the Indepen
dent Order of B'nal B'rith at its
se-sslon yesterday elected the fol
lowing named as its officers for
the ensuing term, and they will be
Installed to-day by Albert Elkus of th6
executive committee:
Georre Samuel. prts'.Jent: Marcus Rrwa
\HiMX, fSrtt vice pr**i.i^n,t: Wallace A. Wise.
F*cor.<i vice rreeider.t: I. J. Asfchelm. wcre
t*ry; Benjamin Harrj*. tr»a»ur»r: S. Hoch
r-ia<lter. Julius Pia:iifc»ck »n.i Max Marcuse,
tnwt*«s; D. Davis" ««re-»ant-a:-arTr.*: S. M«rer.
< rce»»«nper: Dr. S S. Kahn. merllcal examiner;
, U*nry Schwartz. J. QreetttfcUUB. D. S. Hirsh
l t-<>r<. M. L. Ash*r and Huso K. Asher. raem
' ttrs of the d!«tr;ct court.
The lodge received a telegram of con
' gratulation from Signer Sichel of Port
' land, past grand president.
i AT resolution, signed by I. J. Ashhelm.
II. Marks' and M. Koliman. that the six
extra at-se?sn"iPnts previously levied b©
! r»Frind*d and that the amount of such
; assessments be paid bv the Grand I»ds:a
Jour of its fun>l. was referred to the.com-
I mittee of the whole.
The number of members of the youth's
auxiliary was r^iuceJ to three in San
', Francisco, and one in each other r>lac.<
1 where such an auxiliary may exist.
It was derided that hereafter the dls
: triet deputy shall perform the ritualistic
. work at a funeral Droviding the consent
of the lodg-* is granted.
The number of district demit !«»« In San
Frar.ripco wa? red'^cc-a. Hereafter there
will bo but one such deputy. The deputy
: shall net have the authority to install of-
Ex-Judge Ferral asked for a stay of
thirty days to perfect an appeal to the
Supreme Court, and It was granted.
The defendant's mother burst into tears
when the sentence was pronounced and
Hunttngton left the chair on whlcn he
was seated and threw his arms around
her and mingled his tears with hers. He
Is beginning to show the bad effect of his
confinement In Jail and appears thin, and
careworn. ? •
of the young girl's ruin and had resorted
to crime to cover up his guilt. He re
gretted that some concession could not
be made on account of the parents of the
defendant, but it was the duty of the
court to uphold the example contained in
vhelr lives and to protect societv at large,
and not to uphold or palliate the unlawful
acts which it believed were committed by
the defendant.
The Judge went on to say that he d!d
not believe the story told by the defend
ant, but believed that he was the author
"It is clear." continue the Judge, "from
the evidence in this case that the deceased
Intrusted first, her honor and virtue to
this defendant, and second, that she In
trusted her life to him. It Is equally clear
that he was unworthy of the trust reposed
In either case. With that convlctlnn bear-
Ing deeply In the mind of the court, its
duty is rl^ar."
ral, for the defendant, asked that the de
fendant's mother be put on the stand to
testify as to his character as a boy and
a man and what manner of life he led,
but the Judge said It was not necessary,
as he was satisSed his life had been with
out reproach until the transaction re
vealed in the charge. In determining the
punishment he was not Insensibly to the
infiuence created by the presence of the
defendant's, parents at every stage of the
case. If the court could within the per
formance of its own conscientious duty be
swayed by their devotion to the defend
ant and the facts that he had reached
mature manhood without a previous vio
lation of the law. and that he had been
able to invoke throughout the ordeal not
only the devotion of his parents but also
the warm support of many other persons,
the task of passing sentence would **e
easier. The court, however, had Its own
views and Impressions of the case and
was convinced that already a very gr^at
leniency had been shown the defendant
by the verdict which had b?*n rendered.
With that verdict the court had no fault
to find and only referred to It In expla
nation of the quantity of punishment
about to be administered.
STREAMS RISING
TO DANGER POINT
Heavy Rainfall Threatens*
Stockton With Serious
Floods.
Mrs. Nation Stays in Jail.
TOPEKA, Kans., Feb. 19.— Mrs. Carrie
Nation passed a quiet day in jalL She re
fuses bail and says the Lord wishes her
to rest for a period.
NEW YORK* Feb. 19.— The depredations
of Mrs. Carrie Nation, the Kansas saloon
smasher, have been carefully followed by
h*«r eminent fellow-citizen John L. Sulli
van.
"The woman aln t right in her nut."
was John'." reply to a question as to what
he might think of her. "She comes from
some jay town where they ain't up to
date. There's all the booze you want in
Topeka. and there always will be. Say,
if this old lady Is on the level, why doesn't
she go to Atchlson or Leavenworth, two
hot Kansas towns, where saloons are wide
open and there's a lot of tough fellers
hangin' around. She's wise; see? Why,
they'd throw her in the river if she got
pay down there. I'd like to see her come
In my place and start to smash things." -
"SHE ATN'T RIGHT/' SAYS JOHN 1,.
NEWMAN, Kans.. Feb. 19.— A band
of thirty men and women, armed
with hatchets and axes, made an
effective rai<1 on a joint here to
days. Some of the crusaders
came from Perry and Thompsonville. The
Joint was kept locked and the Jointlsts
forbade the entrance of the reformers,
who thereupon broke in the door. They
completely demolished a costly cherry
bar. a plate-glass mirror and other fix
tures. There was not much liquor in the
place, but it was destroyed. A friend of
the jointists tried to protect the property
with a «hottmn. One of the crusaders
named Oorrill. in trying to pet possession
of the gun. was struck on the head with
it and seriously Injured.
ing a Raid at Newman.
struck on the Head With a Gun Dur-
Sherlft Evc-rhardy went to Millwood
from here to-day and arrested two of the
raiders. John and Henry Wilson, and ihe
Coroner later left for the scene to hold
an inquest. Intense excitement still ex
ists and numerous arrests will doubtless
follow.
ONE CRUSADER BADLY HTJRT-
L.EAVENWORTH. Kans., Feb. 19.—
Twenty masked farmers with shotguns
attempted to raid a saloon in Millwood, a
small place fourteen miles north of here,
last night, and in the melee that followed
Mrs. Rose Hudson, wife of the bartender,
v.as instantly killed, her head being com
pletely blown off. William Webb, one of
the raiders, was shoi.in the arm and two
or three others were slightly injured. One
hundred shots were nred. To-day John
and Henrs "Wilson, ycung farmers, mem
bers of the mob. were arrested and war
rants are out for others implicated. The
town is in a fever of excitement and
further trouble is threatened.
The saloon was run by Mrs. Michael
Lochn^r She had been warned to close
tre place by Monday, but refused. At 10
o'clock last night twenty men. all armed
and wearing handkerchiefs for masks,
approached the saloon. Two of the num
ber. Jo* Turner and John Wllburn. en
tered and ordered drinks. Bartender Hud
son had scarcely oet the glasses on the
bar when the men eave a signal. Imme
diately the door -was burst open and the
marked men rushed into the place.
Half a dozen shotguns were raised to
the celling and nre«.i. apparently to show
the saloon-keeper that the raiders meant
business while two men approached
Hudson ' with leveled guns. . Hudson
prabbed the barreis of both for an in
stant then fell to the floor. The runs
¦were discharged as he fell, the charge
from one striking the wall and that from
the second piercing the stove.
Mrs. Hudson rushed to the scene from
the living rooms in the rear and stood in
the doorway. She had barely reached the
spot when a gun was leveled at the door
and discharged. The shot struck her In
the forehead above the eyes, and she fell,
mortally wounded. Hudson rushed to his
wife's side to ftld her, but she died before
he could carry her to another room.
During the shooting William Webb, one
of the raiders, vram accidentally shot In
the arm, and two or three others -were
wounded slightly. A few more shots were
fired, but the mob. alarmed at the killing
of Mrs. Hudson, quickly left the place
without stopping to destroy the Iiquor3
and fixtures.
Anticipating the attack. Hudson had
gathered about him ten armed men. They,
however, being taken by surprise, were
stampeded, and this fact and the killing
of Mrs. "Hudson probably prevented a
bloody riot.
The affray lasted but a few minutes, and
details were not learned until this morn-
Ing, the raider? having" gone quietly to
their homes. The members .of the party
are all believed to be young farmers who
live near Millwood.
Murder an Incident of a Eaid by
» Tanners on a Saloon.
BARTENDER'S WIFE KILLED.
WICHITA, Kans.. Febl 19.— In view of
the fact that many armed men are arriv
ing 1 In. Wlnfield to-night from bordering
towns and the fact that all saloon men
are defiant and refuse to leave, It 13 be
lieved a battle -will ensue to-morrow when
the Law and Order League commences Its
trip over the town to rid the place of
ealoon fixtures which have not as yet
been removed Jn compliance with the order
sent to them a week ago. So alarming
has become the situation that Mayor Al
bright this afternoon issued a proclama
tion declaring ' Winfield in a. state cf ter
ror and orderinc all good citizens to go
armed to-morrow and use their be?t In
fluence to prevent bloodshed. The Mayor
savs the situation is critical and he ex
pects bloodshed unless the -saloon men go.
No less than a thousand temperance "peo
ple have armed themselves to run out the
saloon men tomorrow at noon and smash
all their fixtures. The saloon fixtures
have been stored and the saloon men re
fuse to ship them out of town.
A visrllance committee to-day issued an
order threatening to hang any saloon man
¦who harmed any crusader. Women will
go with the ministers and other temper
ance people. Raids are expected on the
Winfield Commercial Club, which Is com
posed of young business men. The club
is suspected of serving liquor to its mem
bers.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
loon at Milwood and During
the Mele? a Bartender's
' Wife Is Killed.
Twenty Masked Farmers Baid a Sa-
In One Kansas Town Citi
zens Art Armed to Run
Out Saloon Men.
REIGN OF TERROR
FOLLOWS CRUSADE
When Judge Lawlor Announces; Term
of Imprisonment Convicted Physician
Collapses and Weeps With Mother
TEN-YEAR SENTENCE
FOR DR HUNTINGTON
MILLMEN'S STRIKE
REACHES AN END
Agreements Are Enterad
Into by thi Boards of
Arbitration.
B'NAI B'RITH CHOOSES
OFFICERS FOR TERM
Will Be Installed by Albert Elkus.
Grand Lodge Is Asked to Pay the
Amount of Six Extra Assessments
Kb SIcre Discrimination to Be Used
Against Fims Heretofore De-
clarcd Unfair by Building
Trades Council.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, V WEDNESDAT, ; FEB1UJAKT ZQ, 1901.
GEORGE SAMUELS OF OAK
LAND. PRESIDENT OF THE
B'NE B'RITH.
DR. RALPH A. HUNTINGTON,
SENTENCED YESTERDAY TO
TEN TEARS' IMPRISONMENT.
SAN* JOSE. Feb. ».— W. T. Aggeler has been
elected secretary of the Santa Clara. Countr
Improvement Club In the place cf S. G. Bea
eon, who resigned.
An Immense variety of moulding-?, ' for
framing pictures to order; also ready
made frames in all the new - shapes and
every tint and color of mat board and
binding paper made. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
Picture Frames.
9
XATtTKJLL LAX1TITE UATCS.
Is a Household NECESSITY in every family
where ff jC(Z OFippe id is P re valent.
If your system h in good condition you will be less liable to contract this
dreaded disease. . ....':
HunvadiJanos
Relieves Constipation and Cleanses the.Whole System.
Recommended Tor 3O year* by physicians all over the world.
Used with marvelous results during La Grippe Epidemic in Europe* 1889— 90.
¦ooooooooooocooooooooooooooooooooooo 000000 0000000
DR. W050 WOO TX1A5B HEM SAITrtASTM,
784-76* CUT STMBT.
Saa Fraadaoo. Dwx. Ji. 130*.
Bfi9Ps% To «H wiica it m«j «oae«ras
E Za Dcecs&ber. tot. I vu tak«a
'feC a sick wltiJ BIacx TypacM Fr»w.
fl_ 7 the moat Ttraiaat ty» kacr»a ta
tfr»_A. insdlcal science. 1 bad besnr-
r bases, both cjjaI «j:i tstesU-
gi<y[Mapa\y cmi. etrht cf tin latter occor-
'WRiSIA* Woo. the eminent CfeBMM pay-
¦Idan. vu called, aad wtta on* dea* ef hl»
tc* stocpad tie sow cf blood, Uterebr savtnc
my lif«. as I t*ad beea »irr«a 09 by my w!ut»
ptarsldan. as well as bar all my trtcsda. Wu
naoocsdotts toor weeks, bet by Or. Woag* Woo'*
wonderful skill b» aarvd my lit* fxoa ti.!» most
fatal of a'J farers. Although I waa winfl-vwl t»
my bed tar*« taoatts, was abl* to mom* my
vccmlloa la stx osoBths from ti» tt=« I wen; t»
t*d. aad dot I weica S3 poosds, mor* t&aa X
tad «*«r attained previously. I would thtsxtoJXy
wcotnrread Dr. Wrej "Woo to aay cs* ta o«*i
ei a Srst-elaaa psyslelaa for aay cans* waata*-
r»er.-RAl>PH S. TOIX3. XVS GoU«a data
arc. Baa Trasctsco, CaJU , .
Tiiis is a direct evidence of the fact
that fcai so cftcn be^n stated that Postum
it a HffUilfMiH food drink containing the
elements of phosphate cf potash and al-
bumen that p» to build up the gray mat-
ter in- the nerve cells tn the brain and all
ever the body. It do«s not contain nsedl-
Ctjc of any sort or kind, only the ele-
ir.»r.ta placed in the cereals of the flcSd
by the Almighty Creator, and selected
made use cf in the form of & liquid
foo<1 bv the Inventor.
' -"My husband is a grocer and has been
out cf health for seine j time past. Sine*
he has found what Postum has done for
me h<? has Quit drinking coflee and been
\islzg Pcstuin for quite a little time. He
"i.sjs Improved greatly; sleeps well nights,
end ears he has given o? coffee entirely."
This lady lives at Great Bend. Kansas,
.'.'tse can be furnisiied by the Postum
Cereal Co.. Ltd.. at Battle Creek, illcn.
inretited and I was led to use It."
Some or.e brought Pottua Food Ccffe*
tc her attention. Fhe quit takirjr medicine
«r.d west to uslnff PtntSBB. She says: ''it
did sot eocr on my etcciach and I tx?~an
to feel better at one I kept on usinp it
day efter day and now s a well and
m'Tvzig and have better health than I have
had for years, ar.d am most sincerely
thankful that Postum Food Ccffee was
A lacy who has never b-en addicted to
tea cr coffee Crir.klr.g teas reduced by
¦tRTRach trouble to a condition of nervous
prostraVon mith heart trouble, insomnia
and Oamny eot to *ucb a weak condition
that Of doctors aU Fhe' could r.ot ret
well, and It mas thought the wouid live
b«t a short tlnse. .
yitLV.y p-"7> have been interested In the
reports cf perncss rsade ill by coffee
•frir.klr.g' ard cured by Q-jittinir and us'r.s
PostiXB Food CcfTee. Of course the leav-
tesreS cf the poison of cciree by highly
Trar.isi*d people Trhose FyFteas are af-
feeted by It !* a rrcat help In itself, but
Th» blppeFt end cf th*> help 5s In the ele-
nwseti furr.J?he<S by Postum Food Coffe*.
Thi* i»» a true food drink of the highest
character.
Because SSe Never Started.
DIDN'T QUIT
POSTUM CEREAL.
4\\\ ~^~^ J I/J -J // «
&\l I rj<^has no terrors > f* til A
Ovli *9 "*vrien tr is made / , . ij^T
A It a perfcedy dsgoable, which € n
V lard is coel I: is cleanly ir.J free VM
f from <£sease-t=ist to which swiae, *&
from which lard » mads, ars B-»Mr, \f
Dyspeptics can wi:h hr.puriry 1
esjoy food tsade wha it. I: goes I
; f.: twice as fir as lard cr battsr aai is f
¦ ¦ therefore cheaper. Wesson's Salad §
O3 is ftrgrea^rrahe than the finest . /
cut; oil aad has the saae fLrrcr. /
Asic joar friendly grocer to teppiy ~f\
£ yoa with Wesson's Oils. m
zi ' t z*
AT>Tk.kT1 kKM !j.M'I'PLTHE SAN FIX A>" CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1901.
10
SAN FT_OSC15CO CALL. J
hVSlXTFB CFFiCF. ef Th* Fa- Trr.rtri%ro '
Call, corner cf Siarktt or.! Third street*; oprn j
vmn 12 o'clock every nlyht In the year. I
BRANCH OFFICES— 577 Monts '•Tilery «tr»»«. J
rimer •""!!«>•; open until VSJ p. m.
W> Hay.* rtj-rrt: cp«-n until S:?.J p. n».
»;:3 McA'.'.lsrer btrcit; c;ien vntil 9:39 p. — !
«'l3 I.»rV'.n street; open until 8:33 p. tn. ¦
1»41 M:««!<m rtreet; open until Z0 p. re _
rr«I Market street, corner f?l_te«-nt^: open '
t;»:tll » r- ~. ;
:r% rwrnth street: njm until 9 p. ra. j
JopC Valencia street: rp»n until 9 p. m. !
StOTtll— «H corner Twenty-Re— nr.d anl Ken- j
""¦vv Mi*fl«: nrm until J r>. m. J
CHlItCII SERVICES. !
FT. _X*n_:"S Chur<-h. Van Xw ave. and flay j
ft.. P.ev. p-jrr Mi'.ier \Ve*i!en. Uector-Ser- [
v1r«* for AJ>h Wednesday: Communion at j
S a. :r..; ferv!?e (Per.Ker.M.M offiec*. with}
»e— r:cn. at Jl a. tn. ; evening prayer at 1
¦ 4 • • ' I
MEETING NOTICES.
MOtrVT MORI AH I^vige Xo. 45. r. nnd m |
A M.-Meetint THI; .WICDXESDAVI -#\- !
imSXECO. «t T:30 -'dock. FeeonJ J&2Z j
,Vjt r ««>. THRO. FKOLICH. Pec. 'V v !
rRO.--KF.TT T/>.iKe Xo. 13. F. and A. M. fl <
-D. SJ THIS < WEDNESDAY) J«- j
INC. Keb. tn. Bt 7:30 oVlocfc. I?:' nrrtfrTJP
cf t:i«? v.-. m. ii. roirnu-DE. spr -___ i
EXCELSJOB lx>6t* .\"f>. iCfi. K. and A. ft
M.-£r*cla1 nwtlnjr Till? c\VEDXES-__fV_ !
7">AT> EVFXIXG. February 20. at 7:30T_2T
c-'clo'k. Thir.I <1»ctv*. » ~t * |
Til HO. i:. lailTW. gpcrgtary. ;
MIJ-'SJOX ly-'ice No. lC.i. F. f.nJ A. M.— ft 1
railed weetir._ Till? iV."EL>NESDAY> «V_
EVEXnCO. at 7:31 o'riock. Third De- T_3T
-r<-e. GEO. P. ri.ACK. fee. P. T. /~y x j
MORSE T-f-dce Xo. TO, I. O. O. F. !
WEDNESDAY EVENING. Feb. _£?SKS_ j
V: anicrdm er.t to by-laws an-J i
other very important bunlnes^. -->'».-
A fuTl attendance !«= desired. j
M. A. DKVJNK, X. G.
C. P.ITXD, Rec. Sec. :
K. H. n.-KEGULAR neettr.e cf J
:\i'.f «>rie;y ¦» ill be hrld at our /
h_lL K3J Kisslor. «=t.. THIS _f
rwEXttcesDA.) evenixg. pm>- *.^^_r* '
— jsry 20. at 8 o'cIock. Member? %» £a i
are reocerted tn attend. Imjwr- •
tart iHi^'.r.eFs must W transacted. 9 y'~*i-~ j
PRESIDENT. j
AUSTRIAN l>n«-oK-nl Society — eets . _J__ j
at the;r hall. U3 Pntt»r t=t.. THI.S feS5*?<$ '
(VTEDXESDAT) EVENING. Fehru- \2IaK& I
ory I'O. at 7:20 shar?. IMcnlc and i's^JO |
othrr very f— rtonant liufinep*. Fines "* v
will be rtrlctlv enforced for nrn-nttendxnce. '
By order r.r M. SCAKATTCH. President. i
PE WITT TV. TOLL. Recording Secretary. |
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet- i
!ng of the stockholders of the Honolulu i
Pltntarlcn Company will he held at the of- ;
fi'-e of the roir!*nv. STT Market Bt.. Pan ¦
Fr?.n<-i5cr>. Cal.. on WEDNESDAY. February j
TT. IT'l. lit tfce h^:r of 11 o'clock a. tn., for ¦
tte purpose of electing a board of directors j
to per ie for the ensuing year nnd the tr_ns- j
ji^tl^n *>f m^li otl~.er ltuMneps pf may come '
before the me»tir.jr. Transfer '.vxik? will close !
on Feturficv, Fcbnmry lfi, 1W1. at 3? •
o'clock m. E. EL BHELDOX. Secretary.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW. j
>UVICE free; divorce, la— ' a specialty: private; |
r.o fee nvtthcut i>ucc*rs; collection*. G. W. )
HOWE, mty at law, SCC Market, cor. Stockton, j
.1. H. SfcKKtGHT. collection*: nam as**: es- j
•a:»s: minine: open ever.. £S? Fzrrett hide. '
i- KANK \\ . SMITH, mining and probate law a i
-rerirlty. MHU big., r. 3. 4th fir.; tel. Red 361«. ;
aOVICE l !¦«"*•: no char— e unless successful. W.
«T. riAVIDFON". ?27 Mrrker »t.. opp. Mason.
L. S.. CLAItK. n— rr _ Spreclteln bid-.. 927 Mar- j
?et rt.: <v»7!«u!tatlon free; r>o fees in advance. '
AGliXTS W.V.NTED.
THH Kio Michel Rubber Company of San j
Frar.riFco. CM., -want* Intelligent men to act ;
as Its a?ent£ throuchcji the United States; i
rruft be rr.en or oh3"\»c?pr. address and push. !
The company o*n« i».t^e properties, is out of j
»i*bt and in a thoroughly Found and flourish-
lac condition. It ha? a ocnrlderable acreage i
already j lanted to rubber and has a large j
Jorce of men constantly at tvork. It offers '
fat M_C a limited number of :nterest bearing j
sr.4 lnFtallmT.t certiorate*. A comparatively ! •
lT.a.1 cmojiit invepteJ hot will produce large t
p.n<1 fteadily inrr^asin? incom* in near future.
Th» <-r.— jioration invite closest Investigation. <
Acentf and interested .persons apply Rio Ml- j
c hoi K-jbber Co.. r. CMS. Crocker bldg.. S. F. i
WANTED- Ace: Mm in every county In the I
Ftate of '"alifcrnla. Nevada end Oregon; Brut- ¦
rlayr good? r?v.arant»^:d. For rarticulars ad- '¦•
dres? G. V.'. Z1NX & CO., lfilS Q Ft., Sacra- j
— f-n'o. Cal. I
AOKNTS wanted throughout the State to Fell i
s-hares nr. rftnnniMHn, Address, with refer- |
<r, <»s. THE ARGYLH OIL COMPANY. M3 i
California et.. room 303, S. F. j
AOnVTS— Authentic "Life of Queen Victoria": •
t~?5t t»c.<~k and terms; handsome outfit. 1<>C. j
R. R. Patterson. 413 Montgomery «.. S. F. '
GOOD solicitor*: male or female; excellent op-
portunity for rlfc'ht parties; salary and ccm-
mlFflrn. 47 Poet Ft., room 5. j
V ANTED-' joM country solicitors. Monterey I
Central Oil Co.. room 40S, Examiner building.
AGENT ii: every town for "Life of Queen Vic-
toria." Oal. Pub. Co., p?7 JIarket, r. 708. S. F. }
. |
AOEVT. lady, large income, as county repre- j
f^r.tPtive cf local manufacturer. 1616. Call. '
A.$I'11AL'MM *t«»OKIXG. i
J rni.TJER. acphalt rooflng. sidewalks ro-
r«!r«-j; postal, jigfi MlsMcn: tel. Folfom 1607. !
BICVCLXSl For Sale or Bxchance, j
AL1.KN has Just received 1&01 Columbia bl- '
cycles. ;31 larkln st. and 19€C to 1374
) ?g* f-t. *
OVSlSiES* CUAXCKS.
A.-XOTIOX store: cstabllehrd In_ny~year8"; •
riearlns; about J150 i^r rr.nnih; location* can't i
I* beat: rent IZ>: '•lean stock. Inquire R. G i
WILKE. 2i-H Kearny et.
m _ ________ I
A P_C-T-CI«_f~ p«yinp corner jfrocery store i
In or.» cf the leading towns of Southern \
• ¦alilomia: j !ace e« a b. If, years; doing a!
cash hus-.net-s of ab^ut J1500 per month; _ i
hor«'5. I wacc-ns: nxtures end stock at in- I
voi^e \i:&<. <-all R. O. WJLKE. 25»i Kearny. •
A— Jl*;0: CAFE and mstaurant; elegantly fitted I
up and d.ing a rusinng business; located
c'.of* to Powell and Market Ets. Call R. G.
-C'j Kearny Bt. :
A- RS»; HAI.F-7xTKREST~7n flrtt-class nay- !
lr.5 restaurant: daily receipts about 160- rent
*75: retiring partr.er to l»ave for East; a bar-
<g«'.n. Call R. G. WILKE. ;6' t Kearny Bt.
A-%\T.*>; CORXER grocery and bar; choicest
rart Western Add.; clean store, fresh sto"k-
pood pevinc business; ront |3_. Inquire R O
_^II.KE, 1'6's Kearny rt.
A-1750; FA LOON, _ doors west of Montgom-
»rjr Ft.; 3 living rooms; rent tl.»; daily re-
ceipt* from $15 to SIS; a good paving and
clrnn r .,£ce. Call It. G. WILKE. Kearny.
A— HOTKL about 30 miles from city, 33 rooms
d*nin£-!tx,m. kitchen, gas plant, livery stable'
«&: prtce *4000; carb $_WC; balance on mnn-
FOge; icre chance. Call R. <J. WILKE »fii4
K__ray «. • ¦•
A-poo; SALESROOM of buggies, surreys .
fhaetors. etc., new and second-hand ; place
ertablished 8 years; clearing about »4DJ per
mor.th: actual value about $4300; lnvesti-
gate. R. G. WILKE. 26H KeaVny Bt.
A— <;i;XERAL merchandise store ; about JO
UUei from S. F.; estab. many years and do-
ing _ first-class paying business; price 1490ft-
• ,V er> "_ rare rhanct a n d fullest JnvosMgatloii i
rollcltod. Call R. G. V>ILKE. 2SH Kearny.
A ~ t r 5 'V SAJ-OOX. few doors south of Market
rt.\ !< 7 .a?e kept by owner 12 year* and Is do-
ing a good business; sicknes onlv cause of
kS'-kZLT***' l3<lulr * R - °- ffi?*
A - $ ! t r9: r , C ? i iV 7iR , b^l» h 7 ' ho:) Ia northern
part cr city: rent $M: horse, carf selling 4
rattle and about :5 eheep » r w»k- i ««h
custom. Call R. G. Wi;ke Pe^H^Varn y C %t
PAnjNKR wanted !n a large, old-establlsh-d
profttable basiners, controlling a good safe
telid and reliable tra.le; owing to retirement
<f former manager own»r has decided to sell
«n Interest to an acceptable party- dutlei
will b« Uie keeping of accounts «nd' ai>-ls»-
IBC generally in tbs — anagement cf th- busi-
ness; tne accustomed to horse* preferred-
, « ap'.tal required VMQ to tlO.COO; full value la
«'Xht; books and business open for lnvestita-
ticti. J. XV. Dcnnplly _ Co.. C; Market «t.
AX unprecedented sacrifice: T;-room brick hotel
end furniture: dolnif Immense first-class (f»
a <3ay) business; port and M-orth SSO.<XX>; or-
ferrd for S1S.&C0; J_s rented for JW 'now
fin by owner.
X. P. PICKKLS. the I_ind Agent. C Geary *t.
CAI'ITAL procured fcr oil legitimate enter-
S-n»ci-; *t*?ic companies ln>rtjrporated In anv
State; i-artnershlim and loans negotiated-
f.uelnees places cf all kinds bought, eold and
exchanp-d by IIERr.F.UT S. CO.. room 7lo
Emma. Ppreckels building. 917 Market st.
JIONKV saved to buyers; fine openings la gro-
o«It»s. scloors. cigar storee, hotels and oth».r
bufincsfces; Investigate.
G. W. SCmiTINHAM),
rhoae Mint 1911. »17 Mcrket. t>et. 5th & Cth.
A— CIIOP house to let: «*Ft3 Wished; receipts
$i0 to fl? dally; rood chsnee for delicacy
store !n con'_nct!on: rent $15 p*r month. Call
"on JIARION* CRI~FIX. ". 1-2,' 719 Marfcet.
nXE-Ht/XXIXG Jj-t-ctass re*taurar.t: patron- !
• pe el sevfral near-by hotels; receipts %%*
¦tf_llj-; carscltr ISO chairs; will >ll^at rra-
*o-s.ble price. FISKER &¦ CO.. 10!2 Market. 1
iit:si>.'".ss cii.v.Ncns — coxtivcf:".
A— JITS; BRAXCn b_fc«ty ami variety store\ u
room?. Mi'LAl'GIlLIX. 7T7V_ Market st.
A.—fi:rt; MILLINERY etore: 3 furnished roams;
Eood plac>.. MCLAUGHLIN. 777'i Market st.
A— RESTAURANT; pood plnc<» for man and
wiffi. McLAi.'GUI. iLNy 777'i Market n.
$2V>— CIGAR store; transfer corner; good trade;
rc-nt $\n. Mclaughlin. 777H- »Mark«t st.
A— FIXE established restaurant; Eddy st.;
oios<* to Market; cost t7l* to fit up; a bar-
tain at fl*>. Xational Ural Estate Ex-
charg«\ : Eudy st.
SIIOJ* WANTED — Want to buy out up to date
. taiior ifhop on Market, Sutter, Kearny or
adjoining street*; Rive prices and particulars.
Ad-rcss box ISIS, Call off.ee.
OLD e»tablish«?d corner liquor store; well lo-
oatfd; dolnjr Rood buMneen: BlckneFS cause of
BeHlBff. Box 1S27, Call office.
CAXDY and stationery store, stock and fix-
tures for sale cheap; no agents. 20j Polk st.
SALOON fixtures, bar. oash reciter, safe,
elc for pale cheap; letlrlng. 432 Dui>ont st.
WANTED— Parties to join a co. now taking
Government claims for homestead & oil: soil
the l>cst: plenty of waier for Irrigation. Roeh-
rtale I.arul & Oil Co.. 2« Montgomery St.. r. 22.
FOR Sale— noardlng-house and saloon privilege
in good mining camp; O3lavera« County; no
agents. Box 1&1C. <_'a!I office.
$3?.O— PARTNERSHIP: i-ity business: can make
$100 a month. Cal. Bus. Assn.. 8854a Market.
A E_U>_ with tSCO- cash can buy Interest In
profitable e_ee buslneis. Box 1812. Call office.
A CUSTOMER of ours has cash and unencum-
bered real estate to exchance for good pay-
ing business or stock of merchandise. HEK-
BERT & CO.. rm. 710. Emma Spreckels bldg.
ACTIVE rr.an to invest from $1000 to U000 in
established legitimate business: experUr.ce
unnfc?sfar>'; guaranteed salary ot J150 *o -iW
monthly; bf5l city references and bankable
security given. Opportunity, bo:: 1776. Call.
CIGAHS. notions, laundry and bakery; three
living roomy. 507 Third ft.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for fil*. Apply
Call Business Office.
LARGE cut?!de route (Xo. 10) for *ale. Apply
at Ca!l business office.
FOR Rent— Unrurn toned; first class; Union
lintel in Scnorr.a City: renovated from cel-
lar to garret. Particulars inquire 1474 Xtnth
St.. corner Chester. Oakland.
FOR sale — A steam laundry In the Sacramento
Valley doing a business, from $100 to 1150 per
wfk; no other taunlrj within 10 miles. Box
1645, Call office.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
Including Fan-mill, timber :«nds. yards, luir i-
tier stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc
II. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
TO LEASE from the 1st of March: unfurnished
hotel, brood gauge gtstlon. San Rafael. Ap-
ply owner. 11 Lybn St.. San Francisco.
AVELL-ESTABLISHKD ' carpenter shop for
tale. Apply 316 Goush st.
FOR sale— A fish and delicacy store. Address
C. M. TV.. 348 Virginia Ft.. Vallejo. _
TJT- ;VINS S300 per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
LARGE Inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business office. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FiUmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements anJ
subscriptions has been established at 1095
Valencia «t.
LODGI.XU-IIOL'SF.S FOR SALE.
A WE PAY SPOT CASH
For Rooming-houses and Hotels
I>o Not Wait for Agents to f!ell
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 830 Market.
5750 : 20 ROOMS; all one floor; Geary ft.;
clears $H>0; only $250 cash required.
$?i-0 cash for n-roofn house; nicely fur-
r.!*hed: good location: balance payments. 1
J.V" for lS-room boarding-house: central;
always full; rent $55; long time balance.
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money, you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. SM> Market.
MARION GRIFFIN n.is a big list of houses.
Rooms 1 &• 2. Xo. 719 Market; near Call bldg. !
23 rooms: rent S7:>; first floor: all offices; must i
be sold: departure; from $1900 to $1450. I
s rooms: cor. flat: all sunny: elegant; rent $43;
br^nd new and nice; strictly first class.
11 rooms; costly fur.; rent J.">5: respectable. $300
40 ronms; respectabk: rent $150; modern
house: owner leaving c:ty; a fine bargain.
IS rooms; good fur.; rent JGS $1100
00 rooms; fine cor. house: light; sunny;
full; price reduced f— — 15000 to $4500
SO ROOMS; brand-new; must sell; north Mkt.;
rent ?75. WIXSTOX & WOLF. 1C26 Market.
II ROOMS: north of Market; part cash; price
J42S. WINSTON vt WOLF. 1026 Market st.
CO ROOMS; rent $115: n»rth of Market; fine pay-
ing house. WIXSTOX * WOLF. 1025 Market.
56 ROOMS: corner; cheap rent; price $2600; part
cash. WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market St.
M ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $150 $3000
20 rooms; Van Xess; finely furn.; extra... 9.*.0
10 rooms. $4r)0; 10 rooms, quick £50
it-'J) buys 14 elegantly furnished rooms; nil
hair rr lattrespes: best cf bedding: clears J6i
month; rent onlv $52 DO: big barealn; best lo-
cation. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES— Sizes and prices to suit
nil buyers : titles guaranteed; money loaned
buyers; before buylns call.
G. \V. 8CHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 1S11. S17 Market St.. bet. 5th & Gth.
CALL and see our list of bargains In houses;
we have them In any part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28
Klxth Ft.
I'ARTLY furnished 14-room house at a bar-
gain: all outside sunny hay window rooms;
running water; must sell; owner has to leave
city; central location, llox 1S31. Call.
$7:ift-2fi ROOMS; fine location; well furnished;
all rented: low rent. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
jlSrt)— LODGING-HOUSE for sale; W rooms.
US^i. Ellis st.
CAnPET I1EATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
wend to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-Ueat-
Ing Works, 3.*_-ST.7 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
FTRATTO.VS. 3 Eighth St.; teL Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating nnd Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.'
ADVANCE Carpet-Cieanlne Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main "4. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
COXKLIN'S Carpet-Beating V/orks. 3J3 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^MRsT~j' J. WHITNEY, "t^anceT^bixsIness
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; slt-
tlngs. $1. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
MEETING to-night. 123S Howard Bt" Mrs.
Maxwell, Thursday. 8 p. m.. 1133 Mission
St., Cambria Hall, 7-S.
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's seance to-night at
8 o'clock sharp; 10c. 5 Hyde, nr. McAllister.
MRP. 'WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
readings dally. 10 to 10. 11C4 Market, room 14.
MRS. LESTER— Readings., EOc; circle even' eve
ex. Sat.. lCc; devel. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer, room 14. 303 Larkln st.
EARLE, 305 Taylor St.. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Tuesday and Thursday.
C. Mayo-Steers. 112U Oak St., trance medium;
readings $1: hours 1-5 p. m.: tel. Howard 527.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyrr: fitting* *h1Iv; t^«t« to nil to-night: 10c.
~ claiuvoyaxts. ~
mme. m. berxard" ™"~~ ~~~-
thb famous
Clalr rorant -nd business medium. Is perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
b_tl£lng. She reads your-llje correctly, gives
an accurate description of the. past, reveals
the present happenings and portrays events
to occur In the future. If you are In trouble,
discontented, unhappy or not satisfied in life,
or have domestic, love or business troubles,
consult this great medium and you will be
told how to overcome them. Valuable advice
In all affairs of life; 25c up; perfect satisfac-
tion guaranteed.
COXSULT the Quaker medium and palmist; she
will reunite you with your loved one; her ad-
vice can be relied upon In all business affairs,
nalch of property, oil. .mines and lawsuits: do
you jvanl a better position? Call and learn how
to get it. MRS.E.SAXDERS.1104 Market, r. 2S.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 120C Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 23
and 2S: take elevator. Perfect natlsfactlon
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special term*. Dally and Sunday.
Mil E. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladle' 59c,
gents $1; palm, nnd clalr. sit.' $1 50. J26 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located H4S Market, op.
____• private readings dally. 10 a, m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant, business me-
dium: mining a specialty. 215 Kearny. r. 8-10.
M1IE. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader;
free tests 25c up. 472 Stevenson st.. cor. Sixth.
MME. ZEREDA. the -gypsy. Is the great palm -
1st and card reader; 2Sc 7 Seventh st.
| CLAIUVOTAXTS. , .' <.
j A— THE First Graduated Palmist Ever In S_n
J Francisco.
rnoFESfon johxs.
i ¦ Tho -.-nrM'x greatest llvlns palmist and clair-
voyant can b<? consulted daily on all affairs of
llff lie advises you whether you will be suc-
' c_«lful in business, minim; or lawsuits, etc.;
! Professor Johns i» I eyond the shadow . of a
I doubt the most scientific practicing palmist
! _n<! clairvoyant In the worlJ to-day.
! There Ik ho home so dreary or- rad. no life
I so hard and blighted, no heart ro Fa.l and
1 lonely that cannot be set right and kept right
I nftcr a vi.-it to this In.-plred prophet 'of modern
• il-nef: all icnc-slamlinK and chronic diseases
•that «^av«. baffled the physician's skill cured
without the use ct medicine; he reunites the
I separated, settles lovers' quarrels. . oaupea
i ppeodv and happy marriage, locate*? hidden
I treasures removes evil Influences; cures fits;
' drunkenness cured . without the patient's
knowledge; telln If your loved one Is true; en-
: -able* you to win the afTecJlon of any one you
! de«ire;" also thsl which a !>ers=on Is best adapt-
I •»<! for In life if pointed out; he enables you to
! overcome your enemies: no patter what your
I trouble is, he can and will help you or
! charge yo-i nothliie; for his sen-Ices.
I jf ' B. —Palmistry taught: medlumlstlc per-
j dons developed. :6',i Kearny st.. near Market.
Rea-lings by mall. ¦ • -
If you cannot call, write. Give date of birth,
state whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss: ask six
uupstlons; inelore $1. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Mn~^'"MELVILL7well-known clairvoyant. water
I reader. 11 6th; German spoken;tel,HowardlS46.
! "CT\Fe7^^HAFFKR. clairvoyant, card reader:
j sittings dally. 44SV4 Jesslejst., bet. 5th & Cth.
i MRS. B. RAUMAX. the well-fcnown forttme-
j toller, has removed to 222 Eddy st.
i MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
j palmistry; truth or no' pay; Sc. 1149 Mission.
j MME.' RAVENNA read* life fluently; business
i advlco; names given; 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
I
: cuiRoromsTS.
¦ rORNF~~banTon!» > ingrown nails, warts, chil-
| Mains'; painless, curp. Dr. Duncan, 415 Slitter.
1 * COLLECTION OFFICES.
' GHORGK W. KELLY'S Aeency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market Et.
| COTTAGES TO J^J^
WOLFE "ft., S— Cottase 4 rooms, yard, etc.;
r»nt r>. Key 294S Mission at.
j $12— REAR sunny house of 5 rooms, facing
j yniall street. 2:10 California st.
: DENTISTS. -
! AT.t)io r ELECTRO>DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar-
' k?t ft. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions dene painlessly: teeth
without plates o-jr specialty; gold crowns.
M r.O up: plates, extractions free. J4 50 up; of-
I n~e hours. ? a. rr.. tn 10 p. m. ; Sundays. :» to 2
I i,. m. J. V.'. THATCHER. M. !>-, Manager.
! A— DISCOUNT of SO per cent for 30 days on all
i plates, crowns and brldgewBrk. See our new
: unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
i for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 60?; plates,
' R) full set; alt work pr.lnlens and warranted.
! f'hlcago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
' KIGHT frizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
i and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
' wonderful yeeret. painless method; 20 years'
j experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapen and guaranteed; lady attendants.
! DR. GEORGE \V. LEEK. 20 OFarrcll st.
j {Jr. Ll'DLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Kleventh
j — Xo charge for extracting when plates are
I made; old pi 3 ""- 5 made over like new; teeth
j from $S per set; extracting, COo; gaa given.
! THK New York Dentists have moved to 963
Mission St., cor. flxth. Consult us on crowns
j and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
I positive painless extraction, *.0c.
! DRILL. WALSH. S15% Geary, nr. Larkln— Paln-
I less extraction 50c;plates $5 upiphnne Polk 1135.
! l'ARIS Dental Parlor. 23T> Kearny, cor. Bush—
j Full set of te»th, |4; crowns, S3; fillings, 25c.
j DR. H. G. TRUEMAX, dentist, third floor. Ex-
; amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
|VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
| days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
| SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
I YOT'XO. 1311 Polk ft.
EDUCATIONAL.
' E\"ExTx(rTci i OOlT~s7^TlBui?XESS CoC
LEGE, 123(5 Market St.; Individual Instruction
; in bookkeeping. Rhorthand. Knglish branches;
' civil *ervice coaching: tuition }.*. month.
I ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAX FRAXCISCO BUS1-
; XESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
' AYRKS' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
j ap.d evening; IS per month; *50 life bcholar-
| wilp guarantees a complete business educa-
| tion.' Including the commercial and shorthand
j courses; telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; posl-
• tlons secured for graduates; catalogue. •
j GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott. bldg.—
| Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Rqbert F.
i Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
L Hhorthaud: reportorlal phrasing taught; prae-
P tical bookkeeping, full course, JiO; catalogue.
! HKALDS .BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st^
.S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
i guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
I electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
! and night sessions: new S0-pa*e catalogue free.
I A— THE LYCEUM, an aVcrcdlted preparatory
| school for the university, law and medical
! coi'.pges: references, President Jordan or any
I Stanford professor. Phelan building.
I CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlonji guaranteed to It by written contract,
; and can therefore with confidence guarantee
, positions to all Its graduates. 305 Lnrkln et.
} MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45
| Parrott bldg.; Individ, instruction; catalogue.
i A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginner*; business
i college craduates: bookkeeping figures; short
; time. TARR. exp. acct., 220 Parrott blig.
' MIXIXG school of II. Hlrschlng. 334 Kearny St.,
' open, day and eve. classes; chemistry, llitlva-
! tion. mineralogy, geology, corj oil formation.
'¦ ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mlning,mech.,sur-
i vey. assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.; est. 1SC4.
I VAX DER XAILLEX SCHOOL. 933 Market.
! PROF. MERKI, from Paris; violin, mandolin,
j guitar: experienced. 1008 Mission St..
j PIANO lessons given at low rates; harmony
j and thorough bass also taught. Box l&SS, Call.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
I etc. : day or eve. ; J3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
• COACHING In high 3Chool mathematics a spe-
j clalty; simple methods; successful. 3040 16th.
I ILLUSTRATION* — PARTIXGTOX*S DAY and
j ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
j CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada one year for Jl.*
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— UXIOX Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office; best
! help furn.: domestic. servants; wortc executed
j with care, dispatch. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
i JAPAXESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
J cooks.- waiters and house servants. GEO.
I AOKI fc CO., 421 Post el; tel. Bush 135.
i JAPANESE central house-cleaning & employ-
I ment; all kindB help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
JAPAXESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 526 O'Farrell St., tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main M8S.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office: Chinese, Japan,
j cse help fur. 644 California; phone James 2601:
! ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
CHIXESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 41U4 O'Farrell st.'. tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
A COMPETENT woman with a child desires
situation; good cook and housework; ref-
erences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A FIRST-CLASS French chambermaid and
seamstress desires situation; best pf city ref-
erences. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. '
REFINED young woman who wishes to learn
the trade would like position in nrst-class
hairdresslng establishment. Address H. V>'.,
126 Ellis st.
DRESSMAKER, from the East, flrst-class cut-
ter and fitter, will go out. by the day; suit
made in a day. 1532 Polk st.
I SITUATION wanted by a young girl to assist
In light housework or care for a child.- 1
Essex place, off Hattison and Folsom sts.'
WOMAN wishes cooking and housework for a
family of adults; moderate, wages. Call at
7 Van Ness ave., after 10.
YOUXG Girl wishes situation to wait at table
or work In store. Call 70 Shipley st.
A .GIRL for general housework: wages S20;
references If necessary. Box 1826, Call office.
WAXTED- Situation to do housework; good
cook.- Call S43 Franklin St.. phono Red 2433. |
YOUXG girl would assist in light housework":
nma'l family; no washing; wages $12. Call
79 Waller St.; no postals answered.
WOMAN would like to do work by the day.
140 Eleventh at., room 10. - . |
SITUATION wanted by elderly woman to do
plain housework. 1359% Minna st., between
Fourteenth and Fifteenth. j v^
j WIXCHESTER House. 44 Third/ sf. near Mar-
k»t— 200 rooms: 25c to fl SO night. $1 50 to SS
j. week: convenient and respectable; Ireo 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. .; .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subsef-rptlons has been established • at 10M
I Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED--MAI.E^
SITUATION wanted by practical, laundryman;
no objection to out of town; am applicable
to ar.y position where physical labor is re-
quired: out' of employment. Address' T. J.
TURNER .¦¦ Cosmopolitan Hotel.
MIDDLE-AGED {Scotchman wants light em-
ployment; sonic experience nurslnx; plain
cooklnjr. or light work on ranch. Box 1832.
Call office.
CARPENTER of wide experience, member of
Protestant church, . seoUs employment v.-ith
pome company or Institution; city or near;
references. . Bos 1S21, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man. Kncllshman of good
education, seeks employment of any kind:
upeaks French and German fluently; good
penman: plain bookkeeper; could take care of
Invalid or act as ssTctary: willing to work
about hous* or do light chores; city or coun-
try. Box 1603. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by practical soapmaker
of all kinds of laundry and toilet soaps,
boiled or cold process, pand and salt water
soaps: can take entire charge If necessary.
Addre" O. N.. 8 Decatur St.. S. F.
PAINTER, paper-hanger, tinter will work prl :
vat<? .or landlords: references and 15 years'
cxperlpnce. Box 1S13. Call office.
YARDMAX— Acquainted with the erection of
buildings, tanks and derricks: experience In
laying pipe lines and erecting pumping sta-
tlons. Address box 1S10, Call office. ?
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper, stenographer and
.typewriter would like position: good refer-
ences; city or country. Box 1S03. Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentle— an.
understands the care of horses, has porter
experience and is handy with tools, desires
position. Address II. P.. 217 Third st.
STROXG young man of 21 would like work,
painting preferred; used to climbing. 2019
Fifteenth st.
JAPANESE who can sleep out of room wants
position as good cook or housewoVk for every
hnlf-day. A. S... 1C10 Pine St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
.ruhRorlptlons has been established at 1036
Valencia Bt. -
¦] VK A.THK It 1M LLO \V S.
HOTELS and private parties wlzhing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and reno-rated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FA«TTORY. 244 Pt»vn*on st.
FLATS TO LET.
TO LET— New flats on Buchanan et., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.; 5 and 6
rooms and bath: all the latest Improvements.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN fc CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO LET— Lower flat of ? rooms: rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st. Y^?
VERY fine flat. 7 rooms. 2524 Mission st.. be-
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second.,
FOnXITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $4S 50. with Xo. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WASTED.
Auetioneer-L.Vlncent.1305 Larkln; tel. Polk 694 1
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot ca?h.
TO receive highest valwe for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W. E. Cod}-. 7S7 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.: tel. ileeale 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 771 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1C4.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R, Ha'nSEN"" _• ~CO. ' S . . Phone Grant 185
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT
Wanted for Southern California
4 waitresses, Coronado Ileach, $20; 6 wait-
resses, Los Angeles. $30; 2 more chamber-
maids, $M; ralf rate fare for above places...
2 waitresses, Santa Monica, $20 and free fare;
6 waitresses for first-class country hotel,
near city, only to wait on eight persons, $2U
and fare advanced; 3 waitresses, country ho-
tel, $20 and fare advanced; Institution wait-
ress, $20, room, board and washing; 10 wait-
resses, city, $20; 6 restaurant waitresses, $5,
$G and $7 a week
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, hou?eglrls. second girls, city and
country. O. R. HAXSEX & CO.. 104 Geary.
"MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1573"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $30; head waitress, $22 50; 14
waitresses, city and country, $20 and $22 5U
and $6 and $7 week; 4 chambermaids to wait,
city and country, $20; 2 chambermaids, $18;
cook, $30
• ..: FAMILY DEPARTMENT ,
Governess, German and music required; cook
- and second girl, Santa Cruz, $43, fare paid,
' seo lady here; 5 girls for housework, $20,
$25: young girls to assist. $13. MRS. M. K.
DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
A-WAXTED
For Institution, near city, a plain lroner,
$25 and $30 and found, nice place; also an
assistant nurse about 30 years of age, same
institution. $20 and increase, steady place.
__. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
A MAX and wife, hotel work, city. $10; 4 wait-
resses, country hotel. $20. each, see party here
this morning. MISS CULLEX, 823 Sutter st.
TWO experienced waitresses, city: chamber-
maid, city, nice place; 15 girls for general
housework, $15 to $30. California Employment
Agency. 59 Third St.; phono Red 31.
A FEW experienced operators, and also girls
for Instruction at the Standard Shirt Fao-
tcry. corner Gough and Grove sts.
WAXTED— A few experienced operators and a
limited number for Instruction. Standard
Shirt Factors*. Gough and Grove sts.
STRONO girl for general housework; must
ho good cook; good wages to right person.
HIS Page st. _.
EXPERIENCED girl wanted for general
housework; good wages. 2327 Bush Bt., near
Pierce.
GIRL wanted for; general housework; must be
good plain cook. Apply after 6 p. m. Wednes-
day, 405 Hayes St.
WAXTED— Good waitress. 106 Second street
WANTED— Lady about 30 for commercial posi-
tion; salary and expenses. Box 1S30, Call.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 p. m., this evening.
GIRL to assist In housework; wages $10 to $12.
1716 Post Bt.
YOUXO girl to do light housework and plain
cooking. Apply 1913 Larkln st.
YOUNG girl to do light .housework. Apply 6
Bond st. •
GIRL for general housework; 4 In family. 1663
Post st.
WAXTED— Smart girl to learn pants operat-
ing. 407 Steverson st^ .
WAXTED— Operator on pants; must know how
to finish. 2229\_ Mission st. ¦
GIRL to do upstairs work. 621 Post st.
NURSE wanted for baby 6 months old; young,
reliable woman; some experience: references
required: wages $23. Write C. E. II., box
110, Stanford University Postofflce. Cal.
GOOD operator wanted on pants; must be
able to sew from 10 to 12 pairs a day; also
good finishers; steady work. Apply at 465
Tenth Bt.. Oakland, room 4.
FIRST-CLASS talloress wanted on custom
.coats; good -pay. 533 Natoma st.
'WANTED— A young girl to assist in light
housework. 1018 Sutter St. . -
NEAT young girl to assist In. general house-
work in small family; call a. m. 2040 Sutter.
YOUNG girl to care tor child 3 years old; sleep
home. Call 2C09 O'Farrell st.
BUTTONHOLE maker and operator on vests:
also apprentice. 641V. Stevenson st.
GIRL wanted to do . general ¦ housework. 117
Clipper Et.. bet. 25th and 2tith, off Church.
WAXTED— Girl for general housework: small
family; apply bet. 9 and 12 a. m. 2342 Post st.
A GIRL for general housework. Apply at
3007 Sixteenth St.; above Mission.
WAXTED— A girl for cooking and housework.
1810 Laguna et.; 9'to 12 a. m.
GIRL for hou*owork. assist with baby; wages
$15. Call In the morning at 1104 Ellis st.
GOOD finisher and apprentice girls on custom
: coats; paid. 126 Rums st. ¦. * ,
NEAT girl for downstairs; one who . under-
' Biands cooking; wages $25. 1180 O'Farrell st.
WAXTED— A girl for general housework;
wages. Apply 514 Devlsadero St. •
OPERATORS on . electric ¦ power sewing ma-
chines on shirts and overalls* at GREENE-
BAUM. WSIL & MICHAEL'S. 531 Mission.
OPERATORS on ladles" underwear to work
In factory. 723 Market st.; room 35. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllm ore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' -¦---.— -.--..
' \ | II ELI* | WASTED — SI ALE. ]
( TAILORS— Ladles' tailor wanted for. country:
must i be first < class and rapid. - Apply at
j . STEIX," SIMON & CO. 'S. Market and Second.
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed
free.' S. .F. Barber College; 741 A Howard. Re-
member, no barroom chair used In this college.'
BARBERS— Good-paying 2-chalr shop; no rea-
sonable offer refused. DECKELMAN. BROS..
106 Ellis st.
HELP . WASTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HAXSEX & CO— — Phone Grant lsb-
RAILROAD WORK
Drillers for the big tunnel at Chatsworth
Park, Los.r Angeles County :.Free fare
1-* Men to build fenres. Coast Road, $2 a
• day FTee fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waiter, $M; ironcr and starcher, coun-
try laundry. $12 a week; lroner, country hotel,
*J5; 4 bell and elevator boys, hotel, $10 and
$12 SO; couk ami wife, countiy, $49
Distiller ami wine maker, country, $75; 2
Evvlrs milkers, Pouth, $30; butter maker and
milker. $35; 2 vegetable gardeners* $26 to $30;
2 four-horse twimster*. $50; 3 twe-horse team-
sters, $1 T". to $2 a day.
¦ C. R. IIANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary »t.
V/AXTED-To hire 40 head of stock and har-
ness; suitable for railroad work. Address C.
I- HAXSEX & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY * READY Phone Main .'SJ8
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WAXT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
2 machinists, sawmill company.. $45 and found
4-horse teamster, city $60
Teamster, city $26 and found
2 teamsters, city .*. $175 day
Plow teamster $30 and found
Butter maker and milker. Xapa Co... $30 & fd
7 orchard and farm hands J20 and $C6 & M
Stableman, $15; machinist, country: garden-
ers, vegetables and flowers $25 and found
. Cook and dishwasher, same country hotel..
$40 and $15
• Waiter, plain place 125
Cook, country restaurant $45 to $50
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
V,'ANTED-\
lirlght neat office boy. who knows the streets;
hours S a. m. to 6 p. m. ; no Sunday work; $3
per week and Increase if worthy. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay et.
A— WANTED"!
Carpenter for mine, steady Job....$?M a day
Ohoreman for ranch $25 and board
Scandinavian choreman and wife $40 & fd
6 pruners for orchard and vineyard $26
2 scraper teamsters, city $2G
German 3d hand baker, country $30 & U
W. P. EWER & CO., 610 aay st.
DRILLERS and quarrymen ¦ wanted at onco:
tiem akers. b!(T money; woodchoppers: team-
sters, city. Jl 25 per day and board; team-
stsrs, $1 75 to $2; 4-horae teamster, $M per
month Cal. Emp. Agency, 69 Third St., phone
Ited SI.
BARBERS. Notice— All shops will close on
Friday, Feb. 22, 1901. at 12 o'clock noon. Le-
gal holiday.' L LESS.
Secretary Journeymen Barbera' Union 143.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment: only recognised union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1»S». I. LESS. Secretary.
ELDERLY man to take care of horse ami, do
chores around hotel; must be handy with
tools and strictly sober: $10 per month and
found. 301 Twenty-second st. (Potrero).
WANTED— An elderly, reliable man to do gai-
denlng and care for two horses;, must furnifch
reference; good home; German preferred. Box
1S23. Call office.
WANTED — Men to drive team; steady work.
Apply early to Gray Bros.' stablea, Vallejo
and Sansome uts., or Seventeenth st., near
Guerrero. _^
EOYS -wanted from 15 to 16 years; state age,
experience and where last employed. Box
1S2S. Call office.
WANTED— By wholesale house, a bookkeeper;
state experience; must furnish references and
bond. Address box 1S29, Call office.
BEST chance for boy 15 to IS years old to
learn a cood trade. Inquire basement 215
Grant ave , 10 to 12.
WANTKD— Strong handy man for farm: must
be able to milk; Scandinavian preferred. 1S42
O'Farrell st.
YOUNG man to work In a fancy bakery at
PAGE & FALCH'S. Mason and Turk ets.
COOK wanted at 1012 Battery st.
BOY wanted, grocery store. 1531 Church st.
WANTED- Doy for grocery store. Apply at
435 Third st.
SMART, clean boy fcr office. FIXK &
SCHIXDLER. 1309 Market et.
DISHWASHER and porter. 218 CFarrell et.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to COc. 5C2 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
LUXCII waiters, 10 to 2. Restaurant. 23 Flr6t
street.
WANTED— Boy at 22S Kearny «t.. restaurant.
KOOTBLACK wanted on salary; good wages;
steady Job and found. 104S McAllister st.
SHOEMAKER shop for sale; owner leaving
city. 80? Bryant st. .
CASHIER and all-around man. 29 Stockton
street. •
STROXG boy, one acquainted with glove work
preferred. Excelsior Glove Co., 415 Market.
WAXTED— 100 men to take room's, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
TWO-CHAIR barbershop for eale cheap. Call
Immediately, 334 Sixth st ¦
2-CHAIR furnished barber shop for rent; rent
$12. 1633 Turk at. • .
PHOTOGRAPHER, good view artist, wanted;
one experienced under skylight preferred.
Address Modern View and Portrait Co.,
Oakland. . ¦
BELL boy wanted, 15 to IS years old, neatly
dressed. Apply Hotel Baltimore, Van Nesa
avenue.
CO TEAMSTERS, steady work, $1 75 and $2 per
day. Apply 212 Ninth st.
BARBER shop for sale; 8 living rooms; rent
$10. '1612H Folfom st., near Twelfth.
WAXTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
S. Navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good*
character, between the ages of 21 and S3; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 3 feet
1 inch In height: able to read, write and
epeak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
et.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— A thoroughly experienced buyer
and salesman In furniture and carpets; state
references, where last employed, salary ex-,
pected and age: applications will not b« con-
sidered which do not contain this Information
complete. Address R. F. B.. box 1637. Call.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we. teach
the barber trade In two months, saving two
years; mailed free; we have no 6c shop In
connection with our college. Moler's Barber
College. 633 Clay et.
BRIGHT men of good address; money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
9 a. m. at 302 Post St.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. . 662 Mission st.. bet.* 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— A gentleman to Interview, selected
Individuals with a view to securing their In-
terest In Japanese art; artists with leisure
preferred. 5 Market lit., room 5.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 15") largs
rooms; 2Sc per night: $1 to $2 per week.
IMMEDIATELY: "three young men of good ad-
dress for city and country work; liberal sal-
ary- Call E9 Columbian building, city.
SAILORS, blacksmith, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PEXSIONS— J. II. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. S06 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; fre»
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and,
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Vnlencln st. -
HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for cale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
117 Sixth St.; auction sales every. Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR" Sale— At ECLIPSE STABLE. 1375 Eddy
st.. 3 road« horses, 1 road team, 1 bay carriage
horse. ,17 hands; als> wagon and business
horses. • >
8. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
- fd session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M., L. Pancoast. sec.. 510 Golden Gate are.
A NEW pneumatic-tired road buggy. DR. L.
KRAKER, veterlrtary dentist, 164 ' Golden
Gate ave., corner. Leaven worth st.
MUST sell— Pair black horses: will- eeperate:
. single or double. 24 Golden Gate ave.
THREE fast road horses; also some good
business horses, at . 721 Howard st.
STYLISH driving horse and cart; lady can
drive. . 1314 Mason st. , ,
A— 100 BETS second-hand harness ; wagons,
•* carts, buggies, surreys,* horse*. ' 1140 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, tor eale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY. 1932. near Laguna— Eight rooms,
bath.' laundry; marine view; rent $43.
MOUSES WASTED. ¦
WAXTED— Modern house, or flat of six rooms
and . bath, very .nicely furnished, by- respon-
sible party for two months or longer; In
Western Addition. -* Box 1814. Call office.
• MOUSE CLEANING. ~
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co., • estab. 1S93;
removed to 419 Devisadero St., tel. Fell 114.
INVALID furniture and appliances; sale or rent:
F. GOODBAX. 1117 Van Xesa ave.. nr. Post st.
LOST AKD lr*OUJ»l>.
LOST— Saturday nle-ht, a gold open-face -watch,
with J. L. E. on back (Tiffany make), picture
of old Gentleman in case: was attached to
leather fob with silver string. Finder return
to California Hotel and receive reward.
LOST— Body of ruby butterfly pin. Return to
463 Eddy st.; reward. ¦__
LOCKET with diamond on cne side and Initials
W II. D. on other: miniature picture Inside.
Re'turn to W. H. 1X>W, 17» First St.: rev.-ard.
LOST— Feb. 12, Gordon setter: black and tan;
subject to fits; reward. 4141 Twentieth st.
LOST— Lady's gold watch. 1<»4 Derby place,
off Mason st.. near Geary: reward.
IX3ST— Valuable red cow; piece off top of ear.
If found return to ZS21 Harrison »t.; reward.
LOST— Drummer's sample case and catalogues.
Return to 12 California st. ; reward.
LOST— A passbook wUh the Illbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of EMMA BRADFORD. Xo. n;-06_
The finder will ploase return to bank.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 2IS O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. ' J. R. JEXKFJ,. SI7 Market st.
MATRIMOXIAL.
GEXTLEMEX wlshlmr to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list: oldest reliable agency: con-
fldentlal. MRS. HERTZ, TM Ellis St. •
MARRIAGE bureau.; est. 1S7«: "&****_¦<__*
fldentlal lists. 10c. 33 Krarnv St.. rm«. a-4.
¦matthesses axd yi»iiQKS'rjb:_it_ir__
MATTRESSES and upholstery: teL South 792;
to order or renovated, feather and Hair
steamed; expert carreJ cleaning; strictly re-
llable. HOPKE BF.OS . 318-33) Eleventh st.
.— MEDICAL. £
DR. and MRS. DAVIE3, 1223 Market, the well-
known ladles' specialists; 32 years 1 practice:
perfectly reliable: a positive cure guaranteed
at office: patients treated can return same
dav: those -wishing to treat themselves should
send for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
MENT; a sure cure; gives Instant relief: harm-
less: any one can use It; stamp for circular.
DRS. GOODWIX. the well-known expert on
diseases of women, has returned from Eu-
rope: a treatment guaranteed to give Instant
relief for any ailment; rafe and reliable; 10
years In Q. C. Hospital. London: practiced In
S. ¦ F. since 1884; maternity home; let low.
10C7V4 Market street, near Sixth.
DR. G. W. O"DOXXELU moved to 101S Market,
opp. Eth: world-renowned ladles' specialist;
safe, reltable: practiced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all others fall call- on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 907 Market St.. cor. Sixth—
fafe and reliable ladies' physician; 23 years*
successful practice; positive cure guaranteed;
when others fall consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office: any ailment; heme for Datlents: con-
tult free. 941 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEX-Removed to HIS Market.
bet. Taylor and Mason: lndl*** specialist.
MINSS A.ND MINING.
MOXTEZUM A~ COPPER STOCKS have ln-
creased In value 100 per cent since we placed
them on the market a short time ago. A
similar or greater Increase will follow in the
next few months. While work Is being act-
ively pushed now the force will be doubled
and quadrupled In the spring and, summer,
and It will not be long until the Montezuma
Mining Company will ship ore. or. better yet.
smelt It at the mines. That means dividends.
It Is our belief Montezuma shares will pay
more In dividends during the next few years
and for years to cotne than any other mining
stock on the coast. Other stockholders, big
and little, share our opinion for the followlns
reasons:
The Montezuma Company owns and con-
trols 24 valuable copper properties In the
Cascade Range. 50 miles from Taeoma. The
mines are permanent assure veins and can
be worked chiefly through drainage tunnels,
thus dispensing with expensive machinery.
There. Is ample supply of timber, coal, water
and lime. The ores are simple pyritlc. easily
emeltered and concentrated. The Montezuma
has no debts, no mortgages and Its manage-
ment represents the highest character In the
State of Washington. Under the laws of that
State the stock Is non-assessable. Xumcrous
assays show uniformly high percentages of
copper, with enough sliver to pay for work-
Ing. Ten assays give average value of $61 23
per ton. Five assays give average value of
-$70.
Stockholders will t hare In the profits from
1300 acres of valuable coal lands recently ac-
quired by the company.
Par value of stock. $_ During February It
Is offered at 7c cash and 8c on Installments. ¦
Another advance ordered March L
Let us send you prospectus and other
printed matter bearing on the great, copper
¦ ln THE T AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST
CO.. Selling Agents, 310 Safe Deposit build-
ing, San Francisco. '
MIXES bought and sold: also stocks In mines
and oil companies. Prof. John Tilton. » 47»-
478. 4th floor. Pnrrott bldg.: 10-li. 1-3.
MIXING AND ASSAYING.
TWO experienced prospectors would like to
confer with responsible parties interested In
mining. Box 180S, Call.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOB SALE.
BOILERS" " Engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPM AN. 19S-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirror3, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon o-tflts on hand:
S3 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOOXAN. 1017. 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth: write for catalgoue.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHAXGE. 409 California
st.; rentals, new machines. $^ per month. •
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
. glnes. boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 21t Spear St.
20 H.-P. D. Ci 220 volt Westlnghouse motor
for sale or exchange for any other rnachln-
ery. Box 1647. Call office.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Apply at 21S California st.
BARGAIX— Xew, large, family tent, awnings,
all complete. Can be seen at 2441 Buchanan.
FOR sale — An upright piano. In good order;
price $100. 214 Franklin st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montgy.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d-ha_d;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 66 Bluxome.
THIRTY 5-ft. emerald bath tubs at a bar-
galn. 204 Mission St.. near Main.
A 15 AND 25 H. P. boiler; 8 H. P. engine;
. cheap. J. BURKE. 1K> Beatc st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
botlers bought and sold. KROGH MFO. Co.
2D-HAND steam, gas, oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. 516 Mission.
PflOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFKS— Xew and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD * BRECK. Ill Post St.
BAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALT" 9<rp. 1TM11 Mnrk»» «t.. R*- F" •?.
MISCELLANKOl'S WANTS.
"WANTED — 15 or 20 horse-power gasoline
launch; state price. Address box 1825, Call.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which peods can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no dtlay; no
publicity. Rooms I and 10. 90S Market Bt.
ANY proposition, any amount; C per cent: first.
- second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN ft OLSEN.
ANY amount at t per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private %place to obtain
liberal advance* on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84* Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST , rates on furniture, . etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
- tlal. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable alace to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HK-THAL. 10 Sixth'-
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds. *
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quIck; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room M.
M £$"£ Y loaned *al-rled people without security
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for bulldtne-
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansome. rm
***&*?: m or 2d mts8: clty - eountrv: vz nni\.
vlded Ints.: estates. HARPER.S97 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan. THE
. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
MO.VEY TO LOA.'V.
MONEY to loan on furniture by prlvte party -
low rate. 91J Market »t.. room „ J
CASH loaned to salaried petipie on note without
Indorser. MORRELL, S0» Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Ager— UZ Phg'.an bl?.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
THE JIauvals Music Co.. amenta for tha ce'».
brated Cecker & Son pianos, have Just -^
celved another carlcaJ of the^e beautiful i n .
ttruments. Tht» greatest variety in sty>s',-,«
ca*es and wools can be seen and persona ti^
sir." nc to select one of these most perfe t »
pianos should call earl jr. Wareroom, 7K» Mar
ket st.
WE have In sto;k a complete assortment r,f
Smith & names. Bauroeister. Wlllanl anl
Arllnuton planes for those who desire a gooa
reliable Instrument, but do not care to nay
the price of a Decker. To all such we B j v «
the privilege of exchanging for a t'eek-r at
any time by paying the difference wUbooi
less. We sell 0:1 payments with low interest
If it Is desired. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO :„
Market st. "' w
A BIG BARGAIX LIST. " " '
1475 Conover for •«•«
J4M Standard] for .*. w
SVA> Curtaz fori ''.'.' *-)
J325 Curtaz tor Zc-
JX0 Sterling for '" J->-
JMO Wellington for .'.*" j«
Schiedmayer, $l?0; Wesley & Co.. J175- s'h»-
wood & Sons. JlGi; GaDler. JIM; Ualnes Bn-.«
$140; Hallett & Davl». $135; Chlckering equa-e*
$75. Some are new, some second-hand, all in
the finest condition. Easy payments cr fir
cash. BEXJ. CL'RTAZ A SOX. IS O'Fa-rell
»t.. Chickerlng agency. Also th» "Apollo ••
self-player. Jatest -and best.
ANT person having use for a piano can be a-,
conunodated at Sherman, Clay Ct Co.'i w'f-j
easiest payrcents. Jo— est prices and most re.
liable makers to choose from. Each the twst
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv- '
uege given to exchange medium and low
prlced pianos for a new Stelnway any tlr-* '
within three years from data of purchase
Beautiful new uprights sold for 15 cash a-fri
M per month. \V« offer to sell some ,"4
pianos for $3. $4 and S3 per month shV"
MA.N% CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealer, c^rl
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco"
corner Broadway and Thirteenth it. dak-
land. "
AT wholesale until March 1— 100 new nln-irv.-
J13S up: greatest offer ever mad* !a price.
and terms— $3 per month and up.
1 Stelnway ,.»,
lXovella r 'S
1 Hallet-Davls .!£
1 Hein* 12
1 Chickerlng j^
.u We ,5 an . dle 5" makM : «~e-ts for mom of
the oldest and most famous plants in ex.
Istence— Hallet-Davls. B»hr Bros Jewet_
etc.: agents wanted. HEIXE piano CO
217 Geary at. *
ABSOLUTKLT ths oldest and largest housi
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE" 3. 2«.
13 and 3D O'Farrell st.; planes, organs and
all ether muMcal instruments of all grade*
and prices: terms easy: prices lo— -eat: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer. .
A BOXA-FIDE cleaning out rerncval sale cf
second-hand pianos at low auction prices. $*o
up (this week only). WILSON'S Storage. 1719
Market st.
WHY second-hand piano? mo will buy nnr
one. XT. C. HAMILTON'. 9 Flood building.
WASTED- Five good square pianos for coun-
try schools. BYRO.V MAUZY. 308 Post st.
PARTY going East must sacrifice fine standard,
make upright piano. Z2* Golden Gate ave.
HIGH-GRADE, pianos: Steck. Hard— an. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. SH Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold: nice upright ptano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hib. Bank.
j A XEARLT new grand upright cheap: brl!l:ant.
j powerful tone. HORXUXQ. US McAllister.
j BYROX MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byrca
! Mauzy. Gabler and Sp«llman Pianos. 3CS Post.
OX sale— Etelnway upright. J3X). 217 Geary st..
room 38.
SPECIAL SALE — Immense reductions: se« our
leader, only »150. BRVEXX. 203 Post st.
AT KEEFFE*S, 93 Market st., 4 elegant up-
rlghts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock tn city: new piano*. $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 550 Hayes St.
SUPERIOR violins. zKhers. eld and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plar-.
OFFICES A.ND STORES TO LET.
A FIXE stand for coffee and lunch house; very
centrally located: near new City Hall. Apply
GEORGE W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 11 City
Hall square.
CORXER store — West corner Fourth and Perry
st*.: occupied 'as grocery and bar for past M
ye_rs: rent JI0; water free. Apply to UL H.
UMBSES A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
SUTTER. S2« — Offices ot iat» Dr. H»»»rly Cote;
furnlstie— suitable for two physicians.
CHEAP, light offices. Era_)a Spreckels build-
Ir.g. Kl Market st.
OIL.
DO you want to make money In oil? Here Is
your opportunity. I offer you a cround floor
proposition for a few days only In solid
company that controls over 400 acre* in th»
famous Sunset district. Sow has 200-barrel
well. Limited number of 'shares at IS cents.
You must act at once, as this proposition will
soon be taken _p. C. F. MOORE, 933 Mar-
ket st.. room 6.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pin* street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL LASDS FOR SA_J_~ ~~~~
OIL lands for sale— 120 acres positively proven
oil land for sale In S. 24. T. 23. R. 27, Kern
Rlver district. $1250 per acre; will sell In
20-acre lots and upward. Call or address
A. K. PERCIVAL & CO.. 520 Nineteenth st..
Bakers tie Id.
KERX River: proven territory; Una of R. R.
Newton. Carmen A ?nm»s. r. 104. Chr*mte!«.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS. \ k
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered, ii
up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth: open «venlngSL
PALUISTRY.
U. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmUt. B13 •
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. -Blade Sil.
FATfiXTS A5D PBasmS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
PRIVATE detective- work; reasonable rate*; »
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 857 Jessla «t.
A- $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, Jl 75. Popu-
lar Price. Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine-.
FIXE suits. *10: dress pants. 12 75. MISFIT
CLOTHIXG PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
ELECTRIC light la every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms:
Kc to II SO per night; Jl SO to IS per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE! enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. J2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO.. 1310-1512 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
i SPECIAL sale, fl port and sherry. Oo. Mon«
arch Wine Agency. _>15 Market: send postal.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market st.. nr. Sixth.
MACHINE! turning, metal spinning, brass fin-
ishing & models made. A. Graff. 10 Stevesson.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
MASQUERADE! costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint. t_« best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. . ,'i
ALFREDCMS Egyptian Henna: restdres gray
hair to Its natural color; Jl: at all druggists.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— Ths Weekly Call.
18 page*. In wrapper, for mailing, n per ye«..
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DRL C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
10~H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WOXG HIM. .herb doctor, ¦uccessfuiiy
treats all diseases of the- human Body: se*
testimonials) at nfflc*. 115-117 Mason, nr. Kl»s.
REAL. ESTATE — CITY — FOR SAL B«
ALL Genuine Bargains In this List.
Apply A. M. SPECK 4 CO.. 667 Market st.
J2100— 4 small flats; all rented for J00; H cash.
J23T.0— Two splendid Bats; rented $23: nearS«h.
J270C— Two swell Mission fiats: *. rooms each
and stable; rents ISO; mortgage SI30O.
J3S0O— Three nice fiats; all rented: near Nine-
teenth and Mission sts.: pays 10 per cent.
J4CC0— Comer Sacramento, east of Jones; rents
J40. *
J^OO— Corner: 40x90 feet, with good 10- room
he-use; Hyde st. _
$7750— Splendid Investment; near Vaa Ness
ove.: rents fSl. _. _
J35C0— Euslr.ess property: Mntn st.. near
Mission: rent3 J4J. ."
JU.OCO— Store and two strictly modern flat*
of 7 and 9 rooms; .north of Market st.
J12.50O— Leavenworth st.; rents 1105; lot 53-.
loot front.
J14.C0C— Three elegant flats; rented for $149;
•well locality.
JM.OCft— Sutter st.; grand corner; 87:8 feet
front; rents $135.
$iS,CCO— Mi.««ion-st. corner: 170x160 feet; actu-
ally worth $.w.MX): must sell at once.
J40.C0O— Corner; Golden Gata ave. ; 137:6x137:*
feet: rents *24«.
$o5.f<K>— Grand corner: 60-feot front: few
Hocks of Orpheum; pays « per cent net. |_
J75.00C— Graqd comer: 60-foot front: within^
block of Tivoll; old Improvements; rent J4C0.
Other bargains.
Apply A. M. SPSCK. & CO., 837 Market rt.Opening of Last Chance- Basin.
SEATTLE. : Feb. 19.— The ; Last Chance
Gold Mining Company Js v preparing. to fin
ish the task of opening the Last Chance
Basin; In ; the Gold; Creek , Valley." back of
Juneau. and "¦ will : proceed immediately
with , the shaft * begun last fall, .which is
to connect- with' the- Jong tunnel tapping
the basin. .» The -services of W. H. Hlle.
who has had I thirty-five years experience
with >- hydraulic mintngr, have been en
gased.\Hile'spent last summer In open
ing up 'the company property in Trinidad
County, : Cal.* :
George S. and Cordelia Wright to M. J.
Feely. lot on N line of Pacific avenue, 100 W
of Flllmore, W'34:6 by N 127:8\4: $18,00.).
Edward or Edward B. and James H. " Jen
nings and Rebecca Doolittle (wife of Jefferson
E.) to Milton S. Eisner, lot on W line of Fill
more street, 87:6 S of California, S 50 by W
103 :U4: $16,000. . -
Easton. Eldrldge & Co. (a corporation) to
James Flannery. lot on N line of Golden Gate
avenue, 105 E of Pierce street, E 40 by N 137:6,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Candida Schluss to same, same: $10,000.
Orvllle D. and Millie E. Baldwin to Albert
Morgenstern, lot on SE corner of, Scott and
Sacramento streets, S 76 by E 81:3; $20,500.
Maria Monferran to Richard S. Williams, lot
on E line of Scott street. 32:6 S c-f Fell, S 27:0
by E 87:6, to correct 1892 D. 431; $10.
William Barber to Elizabeth J. Barber, lot
on S line of Pacific avenue, 32:6 E of Walnut
street, E 40 by S 127:8tf: gift.
James and Alice G. Campbell to Eunice S.
Bennett. * lot on W line of Valencia street. 9')
S of Fifteenth, S 50 by W 137:8; also lot on N
corner of Colton and Brady streets, NE 100
by NW 50, quitclaim deed; $10.
Jacob Gengnagel to Charlotte Gengnagel. lot
on NW corner of Mission and Eighteenth
streets, N 60 by W 80; gift.
Anna M. and Hermann Roboclc to John B.
Quigley, undivided 1-8 of lot on NW line of
Market street, 113:11 NE of Fourteenth, NE
24 by NW 100; $500.
B H. Baumeister to Scribner & Co. (a cor
poration), lot on NW corner of Dolores and
Day streets. W 114 by N 39; $1000.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Dennis
L Quigley, lot on XV line of Eureka street,
50 S of Nineteenth, S 25 by-W 80: $10.
John B. Quigley and Anna M. and Hermann
Robock to John T. Quigley (son of John B.
Qul£ley). same; $500.
M Aueusta or Mary A. Hare to Robert A.
Vance lot on-W line of Hyde street, 107:6. S
of Bush. S 41, W 137:6. N 32. E 42:6, N 9, E
"wilhelmlna. • George L. and Clara A..
Ptroecker and Emma M. Smith (wife of Frank
lin A.) to Walter A. - McCreery. lot on N cor
ner of Folaom and Steuart streets. NE 137:6
by NW 45:10; J1S.00O.
Edward H. Stroecker to same, same; $10.
Josephine F. Brugulere to John Finn, lot on
W corner 'of Second and Harrison streets. NW
137:6 by SW 150; $15,000.
William J. and Emma C. Ounn to Frederick
H Oualman. lot on N line of A street, 107:6
¦VV of Sixth avenue, W 50 by N 100; $1500.
; EstatP of Adolph Sutro (by Emma L. Merrltt
rnd William -R. H. Adamson. executors)- to
Fdward J Vogel, lot on E line of Great High
way 187:6 S of J street. S 25 by E 120; J300.>
Edward J. Vogel to Jacob Heyman. lot on
E line of Forty-ninth avenue, 187:6 S of J
street S 25 by E 120: $500.
Eugene Dasse (by David W. Loring and C.
F Rilliet trustees) to Continental Building
and Loan Association, 1853 D. 291, lot 25. block
VT^^.Mocr.AoM. Ballin. lot 6,
block 5, Garden - Tract Homestead : J5C0. - •
Margaret- M. Davis to Albert Arens. lot on
N line- of Eleventh avenue,' 150 E of H street.
F. 75 by N. 100. 'block 204, South San Francisco
Homestead' and Railroad Association: $10.;--.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, lyoiL
11
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale
A "PICK-UP"— Peculiar circumstances causes
owner to sacrifice; just think of It. only «60
pw acre for roo acres adjoining city limits;
now In big demand and easily eatable In
email tracts at $200 and over per acre; or—
ns it is first-class, highly cultivated, level
I loam, all in crop — it's making of very cheap,
¦ profitable and lovely home ranch: take my
advice, don't hesitate, but make J10.000 by
purchasing this; easy terms if desired.
Remember, I am accurately acquainted
with more country property for sale and ex-
change than all ether agents in S. F. ; 3000
ranches on my list: state what's wanted and
K*t reliable rtcucriptions of bargains.
N. D. SICKELS, the Land Agent. 6 Geary.
FARM for sale at public auction March 2. 1301—
Half mile Sonoma: 37 acres In orchard and
vineyard: furnished house 11 rooms, 2-story;
barn 40x50; horses, wagons, poultry, farming
Implements; sale on premises at 1 p. m.
FRANK CHELINI. Sonoma.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market: rms. 1 & 2: sells and
city and country realty: printed
lists; Sonoma. Fanta Clara and other counties.
IN Mill Valley, a nice home for sale cheap on
account of departure. E26 Turk st., S. F.
WRITE J. \v. HORN. S12 Main. Petaluma. for
3IILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
CHOICE improved and unimproved residence
property for sale; furnished and unfurnished
houses to rent. S. H. ROBERTS, Real
Estate and Insurance. .
ItEAI/rV TO EXCHANGE.
WE have~tbe largest list of improved and un-
Improved city and farm property located In
all parts of United States to exchange. Call
and nee us. HERBERT & CO.. room 710 Em-
ma Eprerkelg building. 9T7 Market. St.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL modern cottage, « rooms: lot 50x
l c 0- choir* location: stable, etc: a sacrifice;
ra*y terms. A. G. BURNS. 1S01 Park St..
Ala'meda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD FIRXITURB FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROO3IS FOR HOISEKEEI'IAG.
ELLIS. 424 — Three nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping and others.
GROVE. 104— Sunny front room with kitchen;
newly furnished; oth^r rooms.
HAIOHT, 222— For couple, 2 nicely appointed
housekeeping <rooms; gas range; telephone;
reference.
JACKSON. 920. ' near Mason — Furnished sunny,
front, large housekpg rooms. $S; single, U.
LARrflN, 819H— Sunny front alcove rooms, light
housekeeping; gas stove, bath, phone; prfvate.
LIBERTY, 129, near Valencia— Five or aTx
large, handsomely furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping; gas stove, piano, phone;
quiet, pleasant surroundings; convenient to
cars; very desirable.
MINNA, 670. near Seventh — 2 nice sunny con-
necting rooms for housekeeping.
OCTAVIA. 1403, corner of Geary— Sunny bay-
window; mantel; also housekeeping rooms
complete. •
O' FARRELL, ESP— 8 or 4 nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; ras; bath; reasonable.
SECOND. 212— Well furnished for .housekeep-
ing: quiet, neat, clean and respectable; rea-
eonable.
EIXTH, 136— Sunny rooms for light housekeep-
ing; also room for gentleman.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
ROO31S TO LET— Kuril, and I'nfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms 23c
to SI per night; il 25 to J5 per week, and light
housekeeping: open all night.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best dollar
a dav family hotel in city; polite attendance:
large rooms: modern conveniences; rooms 30c
up; first-ciaes meals 25c: free coach.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., sui:?s, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 120 (The Elk)— Changed hands: niceiy .
furn. sunny rms.. single, en suite, newly reno-
vated: all conven. Mrs. K. M. Ramsey, prop.
EDDY. 473— Bright sunny room, with gas and
running water. V> per month.
ELLIS. 424 — Large newly furnished sunny
room, 512 ; also others, IS.
FILBERT. £14— A front eunny alcove room;
also single.
SI WEEK; large sunny furnished room: closet:
bath; private: call by 8 p. m. 834 Folsom Ft.
FOURTH, 148— Newly furnished sunny rooms
from t5 up to $12 per month.
FULTON. E25 — Large furnished double room;
bath; suitable for 2 gentlemen.
GEARY.405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms: suites or single; traveler* accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD, CSO— A nice single sunny front
room to let cheap.
JONES, 511— NeVly furnished rooms for gents
only.
MARKET. 1065, bet. 6th and 7th— Nice sunny
furnished rooms: gents preferred: transient.
MCALLISTER. 1023— Sunny room; private; gas;
grate.
MINNA. 172. near Third— Single and double
rooms, II 13 to $2 SO.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.— Nicely
furnished rooms, S2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O' FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, wk., mo.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8: month, $S to J30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
KOPEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms-,
night. 25c to Jl: week. $125 to t4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
PUTTER. 320*4— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms, $8: suites, $12 to $25 mo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fllmor* st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
" ROOMS AXD BOARD. ~
AT the old Stevenson mansion', opp. Grace
Church, with annex £07 California St., may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
ELEGANTLY & newly furnished sunny apart-
ments, with or without board; cuisine unex-
celled. 1IC3V4 Broadway, cor, 12th st_. Oak-
land. top floor; MRS. M. C. ROBINSON.Prop.
LEAVENWORTH. 1005— Large eunny parlor;
also other rooms; all conveniences; excellent
board. - .
GERMAN family would like to get two gentle-
men for room and board. 1129 Howard st.
ROOMS with board, bath, gas. $18, $20: private
family; gentlemen only. 110^4 McAllister st.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 413
First st.
ROOMS AVAXTED.
MARRIED couple, no children, desire 2 or 8
sunny rooms, furnished for light house-
keeping; roust state price and particulars.
Address A. J. 8MITH, 332 Iryde st.
ROOM wanted for tailor sh«": business center.
Box 1S19.CB1I. • '
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED,
WANTED — By a young couple, board and
room, private boardlug-house. Box 1824, Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
JIRO.000 TO loan on 1st mortgages; will loan on
&0 per cent: easy payments: mutual plan.
Apply M. J.. Box 1476/ Call office.
BAD tenants ejected for 14: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery Bt.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
SKWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
•^LL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1315 Mission. nr.Uth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; cpen even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needle* and
shuttles; reduced raten. 1«S Cth: phone Mint &
"^^IL^^IL^-^" WA -"- Ell °. u .?! i FJ?.'
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
ofOcc. Port and Powell »ts. ; tel. Main E713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
tion st; tel. Mint 1S2L F. W. ZEHFUSS.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.; 722 Mission «t.;
• teL \^a.!n ««; thipplns at cut rates.
BIRTHS — MARRIAGES— flEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They rr«jist be handed
in at either of the publication offices and bo
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. .
BORN.
VAGG— In Oak'and, Cal., February 16, 1901, to
the wife of W. S. Vagg. a daughter.
_____
PALLAS— McCONNELL— In this city, Febru-
ary IS, 1901. by the Rev. Father D r Nugent,
Edward M. A. Pallas and Esther T. Mc-
Ccnnell. -
died! ~~~
Adams. James Jacobs. Jacob
Allen, Nicholas J. Kertell, RudolDh
Andrews, ,Capt. J. M. Laver. Elizabeth
Assrnusa. Carl Lilly. Katherlne
Barkley. William H. McCloskey. Thos. J.
Blspinger, Adolph • McCoppin, Eliza B.
BlsBinger. Minnie Mayuire, Peter
. Collins. Dr. Addison Mastlck, Edwin B.
Coulter. Clinton R. Metcalf. Sarah A.
Cox, John A. Neumann. Maud R.
Crowley. Michael J. O'Brien. Catherine
Davis. John A. J. O'Brien. Thomas M.
Dill. Hamilton Okell. Charles H.
Egan. J. Lawrence Riley, Kate
Farrell. Margaret E. Rutherford. John G.
Fetz, Adolph Sinclair, John
Finn, Mary Spencer. Charles
Ford. Mrs. Ann- Steen; Sarah
Glngg. Johanna Sylva. Ida G.
Gonzales. Ernesto Tait, Emilia A. de
Gruder. Charles Theiss. Elnora L.
Hennessy, Charles P. Walsh. Frank S.
Hlnz. Julia E. A. Ward, Mary A.
Hofmann, Richard
ADAMS— In this city, February 19, 1901, James
Adams, husband of M. J. Adame, a native
of Londonderry. Ireland, aged 76 years and
6 months.
rCXKemalns at parlors of the Craig a
Cochran Company, 52 and 56 Mint avenue.
ALLEN— In this city, February IS, 1901, Nicho-
las J.. dearly beloved son of John and Kath-
erine Allen, and loving brother of Annie E.
Allen. Mrs. S. D. Hounsell. Mrs. T. M. Ham
and the late Rev. J. W. Allen, & native of
San Francisco. ¦
(TTFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from bis late
residence, -1319H Broadway, thence to St.
Brigld's Church, where a solemn requiem
hiirh mass will be celebrated for the reposs
of his' soul, commencing at 10 O'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
ANDREWS— In this city, February 19, 1907,
Captain J. Montford, beloved husband of Isa-
bella Andrews, and son of George and Eliza-
beth Andrews, a native of West Virginia,
aged 37 years 11 months and 1 day. .
KT'Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence, 1C11 Waller street. Interment private
. at Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ¦. . ,
ASSMUSS— In this city. February 19, 1901, Carl
Apsmurs, dearly beloved eon of Carl Ass-
muss, and brother of Anna, Emma, Elisa-
beth, Martha and Franziska Anxmuss. a na-
tive of Pommern, Germany, aged 12 years 1
month "and 24 days. it.
BARKLEY— In' this city, February 19, 1901,
William H.. husband of Anna C. Barkley.
and father of Alice. Bessie and Willie. Bark-
ley, a native of New Orleans, aired 53 years.
BISSINGER— On Sunday, February ;• 17, 1901.
Adolph. beloved husband of Minnie Blssin-
ger and brother of Samuel and Isidor Bissin-
irer, a native of Bavaria, aged 61 years 4
. month* and 3 days. . .
fETThe funeral will take place this day
: OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
CK* Steamers leave Broadway
Jtefc. wharf, San-jTranclsco:
IIkS^L For- Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
\ KS^S)^ Feb. 15. 20. 25. March 2.
jj |'^^S^j2^«\ <^hanpre to company's steamers
\^1 at Fcr ea VicVoria, Vancouver (B
E^CSfl^ai C.). Tort Townsend. Seattle.
M^iMfl .irai racoma/ Everett. Anaeortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.) —
11 a. m.. Feb IS. 20. 25.. March
2 and everjf fifth day thereafter. Chanire at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Aiasxa
and O. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. £'_ ,,
' For Eureka.' Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Feb. 17.
22. 27. March 4, and every fifth day thereafter
For San Diego, (topping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los
Angeles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.:
steamer Santa Rosa. Sunday*. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (Pan Luis ObUpo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Anseles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a. m.; iteamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose d-l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa RomIIi
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each wionth.
For further Information obtain company**
folder*. ¦ • " ~ . . :
The company reserves the right to cnanir*
Ftpamers, railing; dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKRT OFF'CE — I New Montgomery
street (Palnce Hotel).
• GOODALL; PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Airt§..
-.10 Market «t.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. 6 H. CB,
! DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
r 3 o or. rr x_,
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berth
I All L $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Satis. Feb. 22. Mar. 4
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Feb. 17. 27. Mar. ft
Short Line to Walla "Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
TLroueh tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General A?ent,
630 Market st.
TOYO KISENKAISHA.
STEAMERS WILIi LEAVE "WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Honskons with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU i
. „ Tuesday. February 19, 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU. ...Friday. March 15. 1901
SS HONGKONG MARU,
Tuesday, April !*, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, cornsr First.
f ¦ . -W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW TORE. SOUTHAMPTON. LO^DDN. PA3I1
Stopping at: Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Everv Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York Feb. 21 Vew York. ...March 20
Vaderland March I Vaderland ...March ST
St. Louis March 13ISt. Louis April 3
BED STAR LINE;
New York and Antwern.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Frlesland .Feb. 17 Kensington ..March 20
Southwark ...March 6 Noordland March 27
, Westernland.. March 13 Frlesland April 3
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COM PANT,
LN1 CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coari.
30 Montgomery street.
¦ ¦ 7. ~ ~
HBrrflfsif.^ &.Lw. zeaumdmosymey,
vs» vmaav <y*<j* w* D | RECn ., SET8TA Hnj
So. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only).............
• , Saturday. February 23. 2 p. m.
SS SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia.....................
.Wednesday. March 8, at 9 p. m.
ES. '"AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ................
Wednesday, March 13. 4 p. m.
I O.SPBECKELS k BROS. CO., General .poti. 32/ Xartst St
Bea'I Passsrtgsr Qffia, 6U Rlrtst St., Pisr la. ?.. Pacifc St
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. 91OTJ ; Steerage, #40.
S. S. Boanoke sails Tuesday, Feb. 19.
S. S. St. Paul sails Tuesday, March 5.
S S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March. 10.
From wharf, foot of Fremont v I :.. at Sam.
Freieht and passenger office. 330 Market St.
_ F. F- CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PAcnric steam navigation co. aud
. COMPANIA EUD AMERICANA DB VAPOREB
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. From section No.
| S S PA V L^N| a . 1 ! i .? S . : ...February 22. 1*51. at 12 m.
S3.' COLOMBIA , March 7. 1901
SS. TUCAPEL March 2Q. 1901 |
ES AREQUIPA ....April, 4. 1901
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
uassenger office. 316 California street.
pa BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
COMPAGNIE QENERALE TRANSATLANTIQCB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. JtJj^f.
Saillns every Thursday, instead of <F?*rf i TTj
Saturday, at 10 a, m.. from Pier *2"r*f****
North River, foot of Morten street. First-claae
to Havre. Sio and upwarfl. Second class to
Havre l« and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA, 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F FUGAZI &<CO., Pacific Coast Agents. S
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco. Tickets
'go\<\ by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S.HAYY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Ste?~'" r "Vo*'t:ce'!l'i."
MON, Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thursday night); Fri-
days. 1 p.m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30. a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main. 1505. : . ¦"
EAILWAY TBAVEt.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
l*ave Market-Street Ferry Denot.
Local Llm'd I Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran] 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:23 p
"Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a ........
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 5:03 a ....
"¦ Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:0« a
.".VUalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:4a a
"/Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
"'Bksfleid . 8:50 p 6:20 p 7:33 a
" Kan. City »:41 a 7:30a ........
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
¦ a for morning, p for afte-noon.
9:00 a. m. train is the Call rnia Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping r ira and Dining
Cars throueh to Chicago. Chair Car runs
. to Bakersfield for accommodation of IocaI
first class passengers. No second clasi
tickets are . honored on this train. Cor-
. responding train arrive?, at K:55 p.m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:03 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
• through Palace and Tourist Sleepers an-l
fre» Reclining- Chair Car. also Palace
Sleerer. which - cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
rarpondlne train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily-
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
. responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. flatly.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: HIS Broadway, OaX-
InniV - •
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
VK S«*i»ollt» F«rry.
Commencing September 80. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
* AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:65. *9:13.- 11:09 a. ra.. »1:4S.
J:15, 4:C0. t:15. *6:15. 6:40 p. m.' .. ;¦
-EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and. Satur-
days at 9:C0 and 11:35 p. m. '.
SUNDAYS— •S:0O.*10:0O. *U:30 a. m.. *l:\i.
3:15. *4:45. 8:30. 9:00 p. : m, ..-•¦
- Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCtt
"WEEK DAYS— 6:20, *«:30, 7;45, »:20<a. m..
•12: JO, 1:43. *3:30. 4:30. 6:20 p. m. .
, EXTRA TRIPS - on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:30 p. m.
, .SUNDAYS— «:20.- # S:C0,' '10:00, '11:43 a, m.,
?l:40, *V.Xi, 4:43, *6;30 p." m. '
.Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO
• WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55, 9:30 ». r*.'
12:35. 2:10, 3 :».. 4:34,. 6:30 p. xn. •
V EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
ind Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— S:05, 10.-C5 a. m., 12:05, 2:15, J:jj
E:CO. 6,45 p. m.
¦.--»¦ THROUGH TRAINS.
6:E3 a. ¦ m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. " "
1:43 iv m. Saturdays— Tomales and wny
Btation*. *
g:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way
stations. •
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
Carpet
¦ '¦ ¦ ¦
If you want the right carpet for
the right room this is the right place
to buy 'it. We are exclusive carpet
dealers— we know exactly what car-
pets are best; suited for every use —
we study styles and weaves and cha-gc
nothing for our carpet knowledge.
Glad to . show "you our many new
carpet patterns we' have just, received
—glad to tell you what carpets "will
suit your* purpose best. ' ¦;¦
Costs nothing to call. ; >"
215^217' Sutter Street, Above Kearny.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIELP. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FTJNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. '
/neAVOY «*: c:o.. g
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, I
11239 Market st., between Sth and 9th, I
. Telephone South 247. - / ¦'" I
James > McGinn. '¦ , ,, Henry Hansen.
JAMES M'GINN & CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALMERS
314 Eddy St.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
TeIephonc_South_576. ¦ . ¦
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. '
. The charge for cremation to church members
and, members of organizations. having presiding
officers and secretaries and their families in
J30. All others J35. • Expensive' coffins and; or-
naments are seldom used. -. A ¦ niche < In the'Co-
lumbarian is a monument and saves " the cost
of a lot and its care and stone work. Send for
circular. • - •-¦• - ¦••. - r . '.'
GEORGE R.* FLETCHER; Manager.
HEAL ESTATE — CITV — FOR SALE.
- IJAFTON. EUOKIOGE S: CO..
CCa Market Street.
r.EAUTIFUL WHSTEP.N ADDITION FLATS.
f:.:^v_Tv\-o c'. «ant modern flats of 8 rooms and
bath: rests J*5 t«r month; eunny side;
lot :7.<;xli7.6 tefi; Butter et.
FINE MISSION CORKER.
»f500— Three fine bey- windowed houses or •
iX'err.s a-r.d hath on Twenty-Hrft «t. ; best
tlock; lot iiX?D lect; rents JSlO.
BOCTK OF MAUKET INVESTMENT.
j:oo«V-F:vc fiats of 4. E; 6 rooms; all rented;
<C'i7; Jeet; rents S»4S.
BEAUTIFUL "WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
JJtNCE-MUST DE SOLD.
|£00C — On Scott St.; handsome bay- windowed
house. $ rooms and bath, porcelain tub.
2 tiled rnnr.tels, etc.; bitumen street; ce-
xaer.t walk; can aJTange terms.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
<TiCO— r.ents *ei« per anr.um; S fine bay-wln-
dowtd flats of 5, 6 * room* and bath;
Mlnr.a Et.
PATS BIG INTEREST.
52TTO— Four fiats of E, 5, S. 3 rooms; brick
foundation; rer.ts f{3 i>er month; lot 2jx
tO Ject; sear First and Howard ets.
. CAPP-STRKKT RESIDENCE.
5S0CO — Two-story bay-windowed house, 7 rooms
tad bath; br;ck ioundatlon; high base-
rr.er.t; bitumen ttract.
KETIT ELEGAXT MODERN COTTAGE.
tSCfr-Glx rccrr.s and bath, porcelain tub, «!•
mantel, even' modern Improvement; light
tnd tunar; level lot; 2 car line*.
ICEW MODERN" RICHMOND COTTAGE.
JTCCO-Flve roorr.s and bath and finished base-
rr.ent. porcelain bath, tiled mantel, etc.;
half cash, balance as rent; half block
£utter and Geary et. cars.
EASTOX. ELDRIDGE & CO..
CCS Market st.
AUCTION-.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
EASTON. ELDIUDGE & CO-
WS Market Street.
February 26. 1901. %
At 12 o'clock noon.
At our «ale*rooin, «$ Market etmt.
PAGE-STREET RESIDENCE.
?»o. S24 P&g-e St., near l>evisadero: hsJuJsome
residence of S rooms and bath; rents 130; lot
2£xl27:«.
GRETN-STPXET INVESTMENT.
Nos. XI28-30 Green st.. rear Larkln: 2 well-
built houses of € rooms and bath each: rents
136 per month; let 24:3x6-> to rear street.
McALL,ISTER-STREET LOT.
North side McA!!i<=t*r ct.; 110 feet east of
Lyon; level lot; Cfxl37:6 feet.
PARK PANHAXDLE CORNER RESIDENCE.
Southwest corner; No. CCl Cole and Pape et«.;
large beautiful eur.ny residence of * rooms and
bath; rer.ts $45 per month; lot 2:xlO6:J feet.
MISSION FLATS.
Ncs. 1328-33-32-54 Nineteenth et.. near Ban-
ebut; two pairs cf fats and lot to be sold
separately; 4 and 6 room* and bath each; rents
in and £3; lots each lixlli feet.
MISSION COTTAGE.
jrOO cash; balance as rent. No. 281 Jersey it-,
near Castro; two-story house of ( rooms and
bath; one-half block from Castro-Market cars;
-Jot IEiU4.
TARK PANHANDLE LOT.
ride Central ave.; 100 eouth of "Waller
et.; lot 2exlC7:6 feet.
FULTON-STREET OORXER.
Northeast ccrner Kul ton and Parker are.;
large vacant corner; 106x128 feet; on© block
firm Golden Gate Park; McAllister can pasa.
FINE LOT SOUTH OP THE PARK.
West fide Twelfth ave.; 176 ie«t north of 31
«•_. ; let ;:xlD0 feet.
MISSION CORNER STORE AND FI/AT.
North-weft corner; No. 1618-20 Church and
Valley sts.; store and 2 rooms and upper flats
of « rornns and bath; also cottage of 4 rooms;
lot 2SHM feet.
EAT VIEW HOMESTEAD LOTS.
Four lots on Vancouver and Guadaloupe sts.;
IM fe<°t north cf Saute 6t.
. Citalcguee with full particulars at office.
EASTON, ELPRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market street.
ir. Moatgornery et.
rARTIAL LIST OF INVESTMENTS.
JC3.OX)— Mifrsicn st.. near Fourth; 3-»tory bay-
triridott buildin«: 20 rooms and bath, etc;
Crowing neighborhood.
jl3, ( >^,_Mlssion »t.. near Elxth: 2-etory and
besetnnd framp flwelllng; 8 rooms and bath;
«4(X<,Hjfj r .T,a Et.. near First; 2-etory house of
T room*; rents !^>: lot £ExS0.
J4C00— ilinr.a et.; 3-story flat; three eeparate
fiats: rent* W. let »x70.
IZi.Cjfiu Mission st.. near Fourth; two houses,
12 rooms and bath each; rents J70; lot 40x80.
S1C2.D0O— Mission et.. comer Ecker, through to
Lick alley; lot 84x9S:€; eplendld site for man-
¦ufactory; no piling needed for foundation.
$6<<G0-^Natoma st.. near Third; 2-etory and
baffrr.ent; rents KZ: lot 41:Sx£0.
ISiOO— Natoma Et.. near Sixth; elx tenements;
rent« JS5; lot 42xT5.
j^Ofr-Minna Ft., near Fifth; front and rear
fcouspfs; rents J4S; lot 21x75.
Jo50C>— Natorr.a St.. near Sixth; S-etory build-
ing; rents S65 EO; lot 25x75.
t700fr— Ritch et.. near Bryant; etore and 8
flat*; rent tSC: lot «:13x7S.
$5500— Rues St.. near Howard: house 17 rooms;
rents 150; lot SC-xlOO.
I2250— Ritch Ft., near Townsend: fire flats;
rents $42 M; lot 22:11x80 to email street.
I $11.500— Reventh-st. corner; etore, flat ar^d 2-
etorj- house: rrnts $*4.
ttb. 000— Seventh et.. 100 foot frontage; rents
arell; n«*ar new Postofflce.
j4:,oo— s^venth-st. corner; etore below; 11
rooms above and house of 4 rooms; rents $45;
bargain. . . -' t
$28.<**)— Eixth Pt.; store below; 18 rooms above;
four fiat* on rear street; rents $151.
fM,<XKr— S!xth-M. corner; good Investment;
rents "S&5; lot 73x125.
J4000 — Silver rt.. n»ar Third: two Cats, 4 and
€ roTns; cottage of 4 rooms; rents $36; lot
37:6xfiO.
KToO— South Park: 3-stcry brick building; 10
rooms end bath; rents $32 60.
fSfy-O— Steuart Ft., near Market; "tore and flat
cf 5 rooms; rents $50.
$2000— Tehama «t., near Third; two flats;
rents $20.
tiS^J — Teharna st., near Eighth: two flats of
4 and £ rooms and rear cottage of 3 rooms;
rfnts $29: lot 21x&0.
?T.;, 000— Third -ct. corner, near Market; rents
C90; stores and lodglnre.
IiC.000— Third et.. 2>ear Market: store and
lodging-house above; rents S18S; lot 80x107.
$37,000— Th!rd-st. corner; store and nine flats; >
rents $250; lot 127:6x137:6.
T3?$n— Tehama et.. near First; etore and 3
rocsE; two flats and rear house; rents $46;
lot 2£xS0.
$3200— Welch st., near Fourth; I flats of S
er.d 4 rooms and r^ar boose of 4 rooms; rents
tZi; lot 20x80.
$13.E0O RENTS $1230 PER ANNUM.
Price reduced to mak« Immediate sale; owner
must cell cn account of departure; three new,
el»jrant. substantial, up-to-date flats on Jack- ;
1 on Ft., near Polk: only two years old; same
tf-nnats since finished; building cost over
$12,000; can be rented fr,r $180 more per annum;
lot OaCBfcSK; a splendid and excellently lo-
cated investment.
Apply to
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery et.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
• " OPPOSITE NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
HARE CHANCE FOR HOME BUILDERS
AND INVESTMENT SEEKERS.
Cnoi«-« building lota on very easy payments;
on the H-si. electric care and fronting Golden
Gate Park and the new Nlneteenth-ave. boule-
vard.
Lots and street* on the official grade: macad-
emired; plar.k sidewalks; gas and water ser-
vice; low prices; bounl to increase In value;
your own terms; interest or.ly 6 per cent
Money advancfd for building purposes: the
costJleet and ¦ handsomest modern houses In
Sumet District are now twing occupied and
conelructed on the new Nineteenth-aye, bouie-
vard.
Call at once et our branch office (r,p*. B week
day?, Sundays and holidays), cor. of II st and
Ninth av*-. south of Oolden <late Park," and
ask to be shown these U-autirul lots; full par-
ticulars and price lifts al«, at our office
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
A BARGAIN— Seven fiats n*,ar City Hall and
1 G. G. ave.. In splendid condition; always
rented: income IliOO a yf-ar; jays € per cent
ovt-r all fxrx-nKes. W. O. GRIFFITH, rooms
311-13. Examiner r.uiJd!r.g.
CHEAPEST lots in the Western Addition-
touihw-fst eor. Pine and Lyon Ets.; 7 lots 25
xioo and 2SkS7:C; $1*50 t» flaOO. MeGLTNN &
MENTON. room 22, Chronicle building.
TEHAMA st.. near Third; lot 23x70; house. 14
rooms; rents for f30; price $3000. DONNEL-
LY CO.. C2 Market fct.
IF you have lots to *eil north of the Park, then
ra!I on \V. J. OUNN. S30 California rrt.
IN Mill Valley— Nice home for sale cheap; on
account of departure. £26 Turk st.. 6. F.
\X)\: the best located lots Jn Richmond and the
chcopf«t call on W. J. GUXN. £30 California.
* CHEAPEST and best in Amerlca-The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address In the
United Ftates or Canada one year for Jl.
pcttice paid. , • * 1
SlH Day (
y Feast... }
f Breakfasting, (
i Dining and C
V Supping your r
S way across
{ the Continent i
V on the
/ CALIFORNIA \
*v LIMITED J
of the Santa Fe_ V
S makes the ~ \^
/ journey a S
\ pleasure and |
y not a trial.
Irioino i«Y!»rcM.) .
tlilM !•»»#. mb<I or* «!«• «• »rrt»» ••
.•• . - MAM ru*\l'l<ifO.
~ (Vain line. Foot of Market Street.) *--
11ATB — Faoil JAMP-UIT 1. MOL — A»»IT1
~:3O* BenlcU. Buisun. Elmira. V»c»tlU«,
RamKj and Haenmenlo 7t43p
7tSOA Davis, Woodland, Kuigfcw Laadlsf,
.Mirrsfllle, OrottHe 7ll3r
TiSO* AtUntU Kipress-Ogden tad Em! lS>13r
¦:OUa Mir'.inei.h»u Kainon, V*llejo. 2«»p».
- OalUtnga »Dd S&nt* Host SiLir
SsOOa Xile». Lueraicre, Tracy, lAthrop.
Stockton 7U3p
¦:30a ShMt* j iprrts-D»Tls. Williams (for
Bar tie ts Springs). Willows. Bud
Bluff. Porti»nd. 7i43p
• in»* Sau Jom. Lltormore. .Stocktou. 0
' - lone Haer&meuto. PlacerrUlat
- * M»rr»?ni6. Oblco, KedlilnlT 4il*r-
¦iSOa O»ka»le. Chinese, oonora. Carters... 4«l3p
0:UOa H*y#*nli. Nilnaud Way Station*. Ill 13*
Oiou* Low Angeles Express — Martinet
Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton. Urxoea
Fresno and Los Angela* T»I3p
n:!IOA V«|li*J<>. Martinez Mid War Stltlona 0: l*r
1 »:»«* The O»erUud LImited-Ogden, D«a-
?«r. Omaha. Chicago «:«3P
1I:UO.\ Nllrs. Stockton. Hacramento Man-
dota. Fresno, Hanford. VlaaUa,
rertenllte «•!»»
1I:00a Utennore, 8aBg«r, uoshen Jna» ¦
tlon. Biktrsfleld, Loe Angeles
tl:OOrSa«am«.iitol£it«rSt»«iiMiM.. ....... !¦>••*
3-OOir IlaTwarda, Mies and Way Station*. ai«5p
4:tt«r Martlnex. Han lUnton. Vallejot
IJtiw, Call«t<>«*. Sautu lto»a »•!•¦»»
4iO»r ltenicl*,- Winter*, 8ac!»m«nKH
Woodland, Knli-lit* l^udluf,
MjrytTlllf. OfOfllle I«ll3»
4«»«F Haywa»d». Mien and Han Jose...... }*' jj*
SsOOr NUea. Ll»#rniore. Stockton. Lodl_... I»»il3\
«3iOOr buncet limited. El Paao. New ¦
Orleans and Eait el*il3w
SiOOrThe Owl IJmlted— Tracy, lfietno,
B&kenQeld. H»rifua for SaiiU Bar-
bara. Los Aneele^ - l»«l»a
3tO4»r H«w OrlMU»« Express— HakersfloM.
8anta Uarbtra. I .us Angeles. Dem-
lug. El Pa»O t N«w Orleans aud
East till*
BiOOr Haywards. NIlesandHan Join 7<41a
t«l:OUr V.lloj.. H»**».
UiOOrtMental Mall— Ogden. Chejenna.
Omaha, Ctiioago 13:13p
OiOOr Oriental Mail-Ogdea, Denrer,
Omaha. Chicago. «i!3r
7:OOr Oieguu and California Kipretw.Mao-
r»ii>eut<>. Marj-ifilla. ItwMliif,
rintlan.t, Pugttt M J ami Ka*t »:l1i
StOSrSan P*blo, P«wt Costa, Martlaes
and (Vti Statlou* llll 12*
y,;03p VaJH» ?»*V
COJkSt IMVISIO3 <N»rrnrf <Jana;e).
(Fuoti.tMtrketMtreel.)
S1I.IA Newark.C«M>tefTllle.Ha.».Joi«>.Pi-lt<>M.
- BouldetCreek.SauUOniiandWa*
Station* -••.. ••»•"
tail »r Wewmtk, Center*!!!*. 8an .Iow», New
Almatlen, FVltuii, ItmiM-r Creetf.
Santa Crox aoU Principal Wa»
SUUona *'2 t ?S*
4il3r Newark, »*n Jose. Loe Gatoa 8»»»»
a»:30r Hunter*' Eisunioo, San Jo«e and
WayStattons *.'!»•*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
TfiaSU iK»»ClsCO-rm *f lh>'"t IlmMSIi* I)—
n.M *:00 ll:0C*.ta. 1:00 1:00 1:13p.m.
From Oakland — Foot of Broadway.— ft S3 t3:M
10:(0a-m. 13:0O 1:00 *^ 1^:
COAST HIT INIIH (Broad «»¦¦;*).
(ThlrJ nnd Townwml St«.)
tttilWA Ocean View, aonth Man Ifiamfcrii . l«»a»r
?.O«A Han Joae aml-Wa* Station* (New
Almatlsti \Vedne«Ul» onl») l»»Or
§¦••» Han Joie, Tres Pii»», H«nta Crux,
Paclfie Ur ( if«. I>w» Kxliies. Haa
IrfiU OI.Iipo, Surf. Lotupoc aud . ;~
Prluei;>al Way BlaiUa J 1 .!!*
IOH»» San Jon a.«l Waj .Station*. 2'*?*
I Ii3Wa Han Joee and Way Htatlons ........ »••»!»»
t'ii-l»P Ban Mntro, Kedwood. Mtnlo Park.
Palo Alto, danta Clara, 8a» .!<»•,
Trea Pinoa. Ha.ita Cr.ix. Salinaa.
Monterey and Paeillc Gro»e - Il* tT » B 4
tatXOr San Joae and Way Stations ' : ?l* p
14:1»P San Joneanrt Principal Way Stations »:43a
tStUOrSan Jos*. Los Gatos and Priudpa!
Way Stations *V%i. k
SiSOp San Jose au.t Principal Way Stations »«?•»»
«i:t»p San Jose au.t Way Station* '-?«*
3ll:43p Sail Jo»g*nd Way Sutlom «:a»P
A for Morr.tnr p for A f ternoon.
fRnmlay eic^ted. ,_ JS»m»dax«J».
g Mondays. Wednesdays, Friday*,
e Tandajs, Thursdajv aondaj*.
a Saturday onlj.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEBN BY. CO.
SA« FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry. Foot of Market St
Snn Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. U:0O a. to.; 12:35, S:3».
5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:30 and
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:C0. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; t:30. J:JO.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
t»an ICainel to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 8:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. ro.; 12:43.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:S*
and 6:35 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:13 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 ;\ m.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetxen Park.
same schedule as above^
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [Nov. 7. 1900. [ Saa Francisco.
Week 1 Sun- I | Sun- I Week
Days. [ days. ( Destination, j days. [ Day*.
7:30am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ant
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:!5 am
Hea Ids bury,
Lytton.
-.'-% Geyserville,
" 8^30 pm 8:00 am I Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 4:22 pm
7:30 am! I Hopland I j
I 8:M ami «nd Uklah. j 7:35 pm| 8:22 pm,
7:30 am ¦ 10:23 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:22 pm
7-30 am 8:0O am Sonoma 9:15 am! 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm| 6-22 pm
I 7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am:10:23 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. [ 7:33 pm( 8:22 pm
Stages connect at Sajita Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytion Spring: at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
SlirirKS. Highland Springs. Kelsejrvllle. Carls-
tad Sprlnsrs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
fiTinss; «t Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
iprinffs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake.-'Wltter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Uerley"*. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin HelRhts. Hullvtlle. Orr*s Hot Springs,
Mendocino . City. Fort Brag?. Westport. UtaL
WllletU. Laytonvllle. CumminKs. Bell's Spring!.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka. "•
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
Cn , Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
"beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market »t., Cnronlcle build-
In*. R. X. KYAX.
H. C. WHITIXG. Cten. Pasa. Agt.
Gen. Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
I Via Saasalito Ferry — Foot of Market St.
i lv. »a» ram, , n.iiotii
9:15 a. u.) . n-prv mv! ( 3:00 P.M.
1:45 P. M. } WEEK DAYS f g..^ f M
4:W)r. m.). Stay over ni?b tat the tavern (10:*> a.m.
8K«A.">f.1 . f 1:00 r. it.
U:»a. M. f ST7>DAY3 j 4 . s p „
1:15 P.M.] . C&J3P.M.
t'are. San FraAcisco to Sammit and Return, jl » I.
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., & Sansatito Kerry.
V^Sv Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
GiiO KSAK.NY ST. Entablisbrd
&l~lfS»^3A!n l.ss-* for tiie treatment «.( i'l-iv-.:*
H>_/_r> .?"$Sj l>i.se. j i<f^. Ij.-.t Mamiooil. I>ehi;itr nr
&MMW3B9Lfii*#as:» iTfarlnci>i> body anil nilrt'f ami
SafflgMWflSfcin Dfsenses. The Doctorcure» wii^n
fait. Try him. t'harcfs low.
— 11 — w * — * cuii or wrua.
i>r. j(. Jt". dlBUOX. *>*« Francisco. CaL _
••.¦¦¦-¦ TRUSSES. __ , m _ m^,
MANUFA'R; elastic stockings, ehoulder braces,
supporters made, repaired. Menge. 503 Kearny.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES^
GREAT BARaUNFlN^TYPEWRITERS-We
sell better machines for" less ntbney than any
house in the city: rentals. »3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 266.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
OCEANIC^"STEAMSHIP COMPANY— Location
of principal place of business, city and coun-
ty of San Francisco, State of California,
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the hoard of directors of said company, held
on the 19th day of February, 1901, an assert-
ment of ten dollars ($10) per share was levied
upon the capital stock of the corporation, pay-
able Immediately to the secretary at the office
of said corporation, No. 327 Market st.. In the
city and county of San Franciaco, State of
California.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 23d day of March, 1901. '
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment is made
before, will be «old on Thursday, the 11th day
of April, 1901, to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale. By order of the board of di-
rectors, e. H. SHELDON,
Secretary Oceanic Steamship Company.
Office of secretary. 327 Market st.. in the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cal-
ifornia.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DI VIDEND^Notice^Divldend No. SsTTtwenty^
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson
Sugar Plantation Co: will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st, on and
after Wednesday, February 20. ,1901. Trans-
fer books will close on Thursday, February
14. 190L at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Shirting Flannels-Depot Quar-
termaster's Office, 36 New Montgomery st.,
San Francisco. Cal., February 16. 1901— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received at
this office until 10 o'clock a. m. Saturday.
March 2, 1901. Pacific Standard Time, and then
opened, for furnishing 50,000 yards dark blue
shirting flannel, subject to CO per cent in-
crease if desired by this department. Prefer-
ence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and quality being equal (Including in.
the price of foreign production and manufac-
ture the duty thereon), and such preference
will be given to articles of American produc-
tion and manufacture produced on the Pacitlc
Coast, to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by the public service there. The
United States reserves the rleht to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be indorsed "Pro-
posals Ko. 15S5," and addressed to Major
OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster. U. S. Vols.,
Depot Quartermaster. . . . *
PROPOSALS for subsistence supplies— Office of
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco.- Cal.,
February 9. 1801. — Sealed proposals for- fur-
nishing and delivering of such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or wharves or such warehouses in San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. as per circular to be seen at this
office, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Thursday, February 21, 1901. and opened
immediately thereafter in presence of bid-
ders. Specification?, general Instructions to
bidders and blank form of proposal will be
furnished to established dealers on applica-
tion to W. H. BALDWIN. Major and C. 8..
U. S. Army Purchasing Commissary.
MAJtRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
James Coghlan, 50, €38 Minna street, and
Delia McMahon. 3?, 633 Minna street.
Malachy F. H. Silk. 29, 1527 Washington
street, and Mary I. Heran, 23, 142 Hancock st.
Eddie L. Hays. 35. 641 Harrison street, and
Clara M. Mayes. 18. 920 Bryant street.
George A. V. Hughes. 27, Amedee, and Lo-
retto R. Hlckey, 23, 2611 Clay street.
James Harney. 29, 44 Third street, and Kate
Burke, 27. 2209. Steiner street.
Edward E. Scott.- 21. 318 Bush street, and
Clarice B. Burnett, IS, 332 Hyde street.
Anton Pearson, 26, Los Gatos, and Anna
Pearson, 25. TJornarp, Sweden.
Thorras W. Johnston. 26. Portland. Or., and
Jeannette L. Finnic. 23. 124 Tremont avenue.
Samuel Israel. 2S. 441H Tehama street, and
Addle Lewenthal. 25. 226 Sixth street.
Emile A. Roure, 21, 935 Jackson street, and
Gertie M. Peterson. IS. 421 Greenwich street.
A. McMillan, 39. 214 Howard street, and Mary
O'Nell. 2S. 214 Howard street.
Louis B. Anspach. 24. 147 Perry street, and
Madge Seeger, 23, 407 Fourth street.
Willie m J. Bourke, 34, city, and Rose A.
Murray, 27, city. ¦- .
Mche« D. Callen. 24, K37A Mission street, and
Lizzie Donildson. 23. 339H Clementina street.
John B. Ghio, 26. 31S Broadway, and .Adallna
M. Mupante, II. 1425 Dupont street.
Luka Roro, 40, 103 Washington street, and
Helena Weismann, 24. Pacific and Taylor sts.
• Jean .P. Riutort, 32. 614 Broadway, an*
Jeanne Cnndu. 21. 36 Latnna Etreet.
IGNATIAN Council- No. 35, Y. M. I.— The an-
nual requiem mass for the repose of the souls
of our departed brothers of the Young Men's
Institute will be celebrated on Friday morn-
ing. 22d inst.. at St. Dominic's Church.
Steiner and Bush streets, commencing at 10
o'clock. Relatives and friends of deceased
members are most respectfully Invited to at-
1 tend. Sermon by Rev. James R. Newell,
O. P. J. K. COSGRAVE, President.
C. L. EBNER. Secretary.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), from his late residence, thence
to St. Raphael's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be said for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.'
WARD— In Oakland. February 19. 1901. at 9S3
Pine street, Mary A., beloved wife of the late
M. J. Ward, and beloved mother of Mrs. D.
C. Westerman and Frank. Effle and Albert
Ward, a native of New York, aged 52 years
9 months and IS days.
(CT Funeral notice later.
THEISS— In Oakland. February IS. 1901. El-
nora Louisa, beloved daughter of John George
and Lerw." Thelss. a native of Oakland, aged
, 2 years 5 months .and IS days.
» '* C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
family residence, 1027 Ma«molia street. Oak-
" land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery-
WALSH— In San Rafael, . February • 1". 1501.
Frank S. Walsh, beloved husband Of Mary
Walsh, and father of 'Robert E. and Lettie
Walsh and the late Mrs. L. Conner*, a na-
tive of Dublin, Ireland, aged 62 years 1
month and 11 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, frqm the famtly
resldence. 22S Fulton . street, between Van
Ness avenue and Franklin streets. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TAIT— At 3:30 p. m., Emilia Andrade de Talt,
beloved wife of Dr. Dudley Talt, and daugh-
ter of Guillermo Andrade. a native of San
Francisco, aged 20 years.
(ETFuneral services will be held to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence, 3645 Sacramento street. Interment pri-
vate, I. O. O. F. Cemetery..
NEUMANN— In this city, February 17, 1901.
Maud R., beloved daughter of R. and Matilda
Neumann, and sister of Ed-ward Neumann,
a native of Sacramento, Cal., aged 20 years
• 10 months and 10 days. (Sacramento, Cal.,
• papers please copy.) • •
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
¦ . <\Vednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near- Post. . Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery-
O'BRIEN— In this city. February 19. 1901. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Robert O'Brien, aunt
'. of Mrs.' P. J. Kelly, and gra ndaunt of May
Hastings and Mary G. Kelly, . a native of
County ¦ Dublin, Ireland, aged 68 years and
10 months. ,
(TTTrlends are respectfully -Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at
9:30 o'clock, from her late residence, 1508
Franklin street, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, where- a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
meclnff at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . "
O'BRIEN— In this city. February 19. 1901.
Thomas M., beloved husband of Amelia C.
O'Brien, father of Thomas P. S. O'Brien,
son' of Thomas W, and Margaret O'Brien,
brother of William F., Augustine I., Agnes
. E., Amelia a. Nora G., George C, Sylves-
ter and Grace E. . O'Brien, and nephew of
Patrick, John and Michael Crotty, a native
of San Francisco, aged 37 years 6 months
and 15 days.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o' clock, from the resi-
dence of hla parents, 1784 Ellis street, thence
to St. Dominic's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing- at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
OKELL— In this city, February 17, 1901,
Charles H., dearly beloved husband of Mabel
C. Okell, and father of Herbert. Hazel, Har-
old, Hlldred and Owlet Okell, a native of
- Rhode Island, aged 47 years 1 month and <i
days.
(CXFrlends and 1 acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from 24 Fourth
street, under the auspices of the Veteran Vol-
unteer Firemen. Interment I. O5O. F. Ceme-
tery.
MEMBERS Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Asso-
ciation will assemble at headquarters, 24
Fourth street, this day (Wednesday), at 1
o'clock sharp, to attend the funeral of our
late brother, C. H. Okell. Per order
S. BUNNER, President.
J. J. McMAHON. Rec. Sec.
RILEY-Iri this city, February 1?, 1901. Kate
' Riley, a native of Kansas, aged 23 years 8
• months and 4 days. .
(CyThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment at Watsonville by S:43 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
RUTHERFORD— In OaJtland, February 18. 190t
at S66 Milton street, John G., husband of
Sarah Rutherford, father of Alice and Sallie
Rutherford, and son of Janet and the late
Joseph Rutherford, a native of New York,
ased 33 years and 3 months. A member of
Pacific Lodge No. 7, A. O. U. W.. and Cdurt
United States of America No. 38, of the Order
of Foresters, and foreman of No. a Engine
Company of the Oakland Fire Department.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2:15 o'clock, from his late
: home. S66 Milton • street. Services at St.
; Francis de Sales Church at 3 o'clock. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery.
SINCLAIR— In this city. February 18, 1901,
John Sinclair, a«ed 67 years.
SPENCER— In the City and County Hospital.
February 19, 1901. Charles Spencer, a native
,. of England, aged 47 years.
STEEN— In the City and County Hospital.
February 19, 1901. Sarah Steen, a native of
California, aged 32 years.
SYLVA— In this city, February 19, 1901. Iaa
G.,' beloved wife of Joseph T. Sylva, mother
of Lawrence and Allen Sylva. daughter of
Mcta and the late Fred Fagerberg. and sis-
ter of Mrs. L. D. Sloss, F. "W. Faserberir and
M. H. Wilkcns, a native of California, aged 30
years 2 months and 16 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are I respect-
fully invited to attend- the funeral services
: this day (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, at his
, late residence. . 821 Pacific avenue (Mastlck
station), Alameda. ' . * ,* , • •
METCALF— In this jj city, February 19. 1901,
Sarah Amelia, beloved • wife of Chesiey L.
Metcalf. and mother J of Fred L. Davis and
Mrs. Nettle J. Gibson, a native of Mains, aged
62 years 11 months and 10 days.
I tlve of San' Francisco, aged' 7 years 5 months
and 2 days. : . — '¦ •".:,-
MASTICK— In Alameda, February 17. 190L Ed-
-. win Baird Mastlck, aged 76 years 10 months
and 25 days. . ¦ j * . ¦ .•--.' .
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. High street, between Central and
llrlggs avenues. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
LILLY— In this city, February 18, 1901, Kath-
erlne Lilly (n"ee Lortgan), beloved wife of
Thomas Lilly of. steamship Coptic, devoted
mother of Eugene B. and George F. Lilly,
daughter of B. W. and the late Mary E.
Lorlgan, and sister of Mrs. Thomas D. E.
Wilson and Mary F., Neille T., Frank B.
and Matthias C. Lorlgan, a native of Chi-
cago, 111., aged 33 years and 5 days. (Chi-
cago papers please copy.)
tyFuneral this day (Wednesday), at 9
o'clock, from the residence, . 3601 Mission
street, corner of West avenue, thence to St.
Paul's Church, corner Twenty-ninth an-1
Church streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McCLOSKET— In this city, February IS. 1901,
Thomas J. McCloskey. beloved son of Cather-
ine Ford and the late John McCloskey, step-
eon of Thomas Ford, brother of Delia, Mary.
Pat, John and Ellen McCloskey and James
and Honour Ford, and nephew of Pat Mc-
Closkey, a native of County Longford, Ire-
land.
tCTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 287 Thirteenth street, thence to
St. Charles Church, corner Eighteenth ami
Shotwell streets^where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McCOPPIN— February 19, 1901, Eliza B. Mc-
Coppin, widow of the late Frank McCoppin.
;. iC7"Notlce of funeral later.
MAGUJRE— In this city, February 19, 1901.
Peter, beloved and only son of John H. and
the late Annie Magulre, .and brother of Ro-
setta-and the late. Thomas Magruire, a na-
(DTKrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 10 o'clock, at his late residence, 1505
Folsom street. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend ' streets. -Please omit flowers.
KERTELL— In this city, February 19, 1901,
RudolDh, beloved son of Charles P. an<»
Kmilic- Kertell, and brother of George,
Charles, Frank, Emlle, Ida, Willie. Alfred
and Pauline Kertell. a native of San Mateo,
azed 7 years.
LAVER— In Alameda, February 18, 1901, Eliza-
beth Laver, widow of" the late . Augustus
I Aver, and mother -of Frank G. and Charles
J. Laver, a native of England, aged 65 years
8 months and 7 days.
{CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Miseion street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. ' :
GONZALES— In the City and County Hospital,
February 19, 1901, Ernesto Gonzales, a native
of Italy, aged 50 years.
GRUDER — In :the City and County Hospital,
February IS, 1901, Charles Gruder, a native of
. Ireland, aged »1 years.
HENNESSY— In this city. February 19, 1901.
Charles P., beloved husband of Agsrle Hen-
nessy, father of Charles Hennessy, beloved
son of Patrick and Julia Hennessy, an<l
brother of J. W., Nellie M.. T. J., N. J. and
Annie Hennessy, a native of Wakefleld,
Mass., aged 24 years.
(C^Notice. of funeral hereafter.
HINZ— In this city, February 18, 1901, Julia E.
A. Hlnz. sister of Mathilde Use and Mrs.
Frank Laldlaw, a native of San Francisco.
(CFuneraJ this day (Wednesday), at 11
. o'clock, from her late residence, 1451 Frank-
lin streets.
HOFMANN— In Berkeley. February 18, 1901,
Richard Henry, beloved husband of Annie 1.
Hofmann, -and father of Harry L., Thomas
G., Evelyn B.. John R.. Ethel H. and Irwln
' GV Hofmann, a native of Philadelphia, Pa.,
aged 49 years 2 months nnd 2 days. (Phila-
delphia and New York papers please copy.)
ICT Funeral services will be held to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, at his late resi-
dence. 2147 Addlson street, .Berkeley, thence
•to the -First Congregational Church,- Ban
Francisco, where services will be held at 12
o'clock. Friends are invited to attend. -.
JACOBS— In this city. February* IV 1901.
Jacob, beloved husband of Rosalie Jacobs.
' father of Gustav, Albert, Alexander. Louis
and Leopold Jacobs. Mrs. A. Levy, Mrs. M.
Newman, Mrs. L, Levy and Phoebe Jacobs,
and brother of M. Jacobs." Mrs. L. Cohn and
Mrs. L. Rigle of Salt Lake City, a native of
Germany, aged 6S years and 7 months.
t^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Peter's
Church for services. Interment private in
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GINQG— In this city, February 17, 1901, at the
residence of her brother, William Gerken. 11
Adalr street, Johanna, dearly beloved wife of
Jacob Gingg, mother of George, Herrman,
Anita and the late Jacob Glngg, daughter of
Mrs. Meta Gerken, and sister of Mrs. F.
Hansen and Herrman and 'William Gerken.
' a native of Elmshorn. Ilolstein, Germany,
aged 46 years 10 months and 7 days. .
tC^Friends and acqualntan is are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1502H California street, corner Lar-
kln. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery..
FINN— In this city, February 19. 1901, Mary
Finn.- a native of Ireland.- aged 77 years.
FORD— In this city, February 18, 1901, Mrs.
Ann Ford, a native of Ireland, aged 52 years
and 1 month. •
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Teresa's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his sdul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. • •
DAVIS— In this city, February IS, 1901. John
A. J. Davis, beloved uncle of Mrs. George
. King, a native of Kentucky, aged 71 years
11 months and 14 days.
DILL— In this city, February 18. 1901, Hamil-
ton Dill, a native of Ohio, aged 79 years.
EGAN— In this city, at the Old People's Home
J. Lawrence Egan, a native of Virginia, aged
76 years. .• . ¦ .
FARRFLL— In this city, February 18, 1901,
Margaret Ellen, beloved daughter of Mrs.
M. Farrell, and sister of J.- M. and Mary
Farrell, Mrs. L. O. Waldo and Mrs. 'J. B.
Rceere. - .
CiTInterment private. In- Mount Calvary
Cemetery. ....
FETZ— In this city, February 18, 1901, Adolph,
dearly beloved husband of Pauline Fetz.
father of Victoria Fetz. beloved son of Joseph
and Victoria Fetz, arid loving brother of
. Joseph Fetz Jr. and Mrs. Fred Zeitler, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 26 years 1 month
and 19 days. A member of California Parlor
No. 1, N. s. G. W.
, J? 7 i The . f " neral *' m tak « Place this day
(W ednesday), - at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, * 1918 Jackson street, thence by
special train, at 11 o'clock from Third and
Townsend streets to Home of Peace Ceme-
tery. : ;W'.'
COLLINS— In Oakland, February 18 1901 -D-
Addlson C. Collins, a native of California!
ated 42 years 9 months and 24 days.
COULTER— In Mills. Nev., Clinton R, Coulter,
beloved husband- of Bertha Coulter son of
Mr. and Mre. R. M.' Coulter, and brother of
Frank, Jesse, Clifford and Nettie Coulter.
Mrt. C. ' Brumfleld and Mrs. Stockman of
Mansfield. Ohio, a native of Middietown,
Ohio, aged 27 years 3 months and 17 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from 1332 Page
street. .-.Please omit, flowers. No carriages.
COX — In this city, February 19, 1901 John A.
. Cox. beloved brother of Kathryn Cox, a na-
tive of Sligo, Ireland, aged IS years 8 months
and 17 days.
C7"Interment private. Positively no flow-
ers."
CROWLEY— In Mayfleld. Santa Clara County
Cal., February 17, 1901, Michael J., beloved
eon of ' Patrick and ' Hannah Crowley, ¦ and
brother of William and Charles Crowley a
native of Lowell, Mass., aged 27 years 11
months and 11 days.
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o,' clock, from hit 'late
residence, 1918 Jackson street, thence by
special' train" at H o'clock 1 from Third and
Townsend streets - to - Home • of ¦ Peace Ceme-
' tery., : -- '-. '?_'«• ¦: .¦¦¦-¦..•¦-'•¦
BISSINGER— On Sunday, February 17 130L
Minnie, Blsslnger, beloved wife of Adolph BI»-
slnger, daughter of Mary and the late Henry
Oppenheimer, and sister of Emll, Harry Al-
bert and Edward Oppenheimer and Mrs ' Sid-
ney Pfeiffer of San Antonio, Texas a native
( of San Francisco, aged 34 years 6 months and
23 days." ; . • ¦ .Travelers' Outfits.'-
Dress-suit cases, traveling rol|s, trunks,
vilises, combs, brushes, lap tablets, pock
etbooks. card cases, bill books! cameras
and toilet articles. All fine leather goods
lettered in gold fro« of -charge. Best
Boxing 1 Bouts To-Night.
The Bay City "Athletic. Club will hold a
monthly boxing exhibition this evening in
its clubrooms at 320 O'Farrell street. Man
ager Crowley has arranged a' good card.
There will be eight. foui*=-round bouts. -.The
main event will be - furnished by> "Billy"
Kelly and Jack McCarthy of the Olympic
Club. , Jack McDeavltt will referee the
contests. ' • ..
More Boom for the Pattosien Co.
The Pattosien Company had to rent an
extra storehouse for -the .many buyers
who, during this sale, bought goods but
had . to store them for three or four
months. This shows what bargains in
furniture and carpets must be given when
the people buy now and have no use«for
It for a few months to come, but it Is no
wonder when the newest kind of bedroom
suits are going so low. In price.' The car
loads of carpets which arrived are regular
$1.00 Brussels— the best make. They are
selling at* -75c, sewed .and laid. ¦¦- Corner
Sixteenth and Mission streets. •
The Santa Fe Company is distributing a
handsome book which Is of great Interest
to all golf players. The book is profusely
illustrated with halftones of the golf links
in California. It has a bright and at
tractive cover and will no doubt be very
much in demand by all patrons of the
game.
Santa Fe Golf Book.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late Edward T. Donnelly
was filed yesterday. There Is a dispute
among the appraisers. B. F. Gould, T. F.
Judge and E. P. Troy, as to the value of
the estate. Gould ard Judge find the es
tate to be worth $S2,133 10, while Troy ap
praises it at $101,874 OC. •
Donnelly Estate Appraised.
A BEAUTIFUL home wedding took
place In this city at high noon
yesterday, when Dr. Charles Ed
win Hart was united in matri-
mony to Miss Louise Fifield,
•laughter of the well-known retired capi
talist. W. J. Fifield. The wedding was
solemnized at the home of the bride's par
ents. 1SC2 Webster street. The home had
Yesterday morning between 1 and 2
o'clock six west-bound overland trains
arrived at the Oakland mole. They had
been detained owing to the accident at
Mill City, Nev., last Sunday. Master of
Transportation Richardson stated yester
day, that all trains were running on time,
with the exception of the six delayed,
and that there were no washouts along
the line.
Delayed Overlands Arrive.
With the arrival of George Crocker,
president of the Pacific Improvement
Company,, who is speeding to San
Francisco from New York, one of the
largest real estate deals in the -history of
this ' city will be consummated. It was
learned yesterday that the proposed trans
fer of tbe city holdings of the Pacific Im
provement Company to the Southern Pa
cific Railroad will shortly be carried out
and all the deeds turned over to the Har
riman syndicate. * "
Advices were received in this city yes
terday stating that President Crocker
would be here In a few. days, and with
his arrival j preparations will be i com
menced to make the enormous real estate
transfer. The city holdings of the Pa
cific Improvement Company are valuable
to the Southern Pacific- It was the plan
of the late C. P. Huntington* to secure
the holdings of the Pacific. Improvement
Company, and several times negotiations
were pending . which nearly closed the
eale, but a question of value between
Huntington and George Crocker stood in
the way. ,It is now positively known that
President Crocker will, on his arrival, go
over the repJty block" by block and defi
nitely place a price upon it. with the in
tention of effecting a ready cash sale to
the Southern Pacific Company.
Among the holdings of the Pacific Im
provement Company- perhaps the most
valuable pieces of property to the South
ern Pacific Company, are the several
blocks between Fourth and Sixth streets
and Kentucky and Channel streets, which
are valuable for terminal purposes. The
Pacific Improvement Company also holds
valuable tracts of land between Illinois
and Kentucky streets from Fourth to the
Tubbs Cordage walk on Nevada street
The city properties of the Pacific Im
provement Company are estimated to be
worth $3,500,000, and a prominent rallroa.l
official stated yesterday that he knew the
Southern Pacific would pay spot cash for
the properties.
The present stockholders of the Pacific
Improvement Company, are the- represen
tatives of the Huntington estat*, the rep
resentatives of the Mark HopkJns estate
Mrs. j Stanford and ) George Crocker, rep
resenting the. Crocker estate. ;
In the . recent big deal the - Harriman
syndicate did not . secure the Mexican In
ternational Railway, as the property be
longs to the Paciiic Improvement Com
pany. The Mexican International Com
pany, which has about 700 miles of road.
Is the only non-subsldlzed road in Mexico
This line was built practically by Collis
P. Huntington and It now belongs to the
Pacific Improvement Company. It is gen
erally regarded as the Mexican division
of the Southern Pacific system, but actu
ally the Southern Pacific management has
not control of the Mexican rcid. It is
now conceded that the syndicate will also
secure control of this Mexican road.
Southern Pacific to Buy Lo
cal Holdings df Pacific
Improvement Co.
— .j.
been artistically decorated for the occa
sion with emilax and almond blossoms.
Rev. W. K. Guthrie of the Presbyterian
church officiated. Frank R. Hart, brother
of the groom, acted as best man, and Miss
Ethel May Fifleld, sister of the bride,
acted as bridesmaid.
GEORGE CROCKER
WILL CLOSE SALE
Both Dr. Hart and his bride are
well-known and very popular young soci
ety people of this city. The groom is a
brother of the well-known dentist of that
name. The honeymoon will be spent in
the south, whither the happy couple im
mediately departed.
Among those present during the cere
mony were: Miss Ida Daly. Mrs. John A.
Daly. Mrs. Lawrence, Miss L. Mabel
Lawrence, Mrs. W. B. Wood. Mrs. K. M.
Hancock. J. C. Terry, Duncan M. S. Nee,
Mrs. M. H. Lawrence. Mrs. W. S. Morri
son, Mrs. A. Sweetzer, Mrs. A. L. Hart.
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Fifleld, Dr. and Mrs
A. C. Hart, Mr. and Mrs. Miles W. Mc-
Intosh, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Mltchel, R.
Intosh. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Mitchell. R.
Hart. Miss Nellie R. Hart. Dr. Guy E
Manning. Miss Esrelle E. Carpenter. Miss
Nellie N. Mclntosh, Miss A. Louisa
Worthington, George M. Worthington. ;
Miss Ethel M. Fifleld, Mrs. C. W. I
Haufe. Miss Georeina Haufe. Mrs. C. A
Lee. Captain and Mrs. Heegaard and Mm.
K. Carpenter.
DR. AND MRS. CHARLES EDWIN
HART. WHO WERE MARRIED
YESTERDAY.
CHINESE slavery and racetrack
gambling: will Boon.be things of
the past if the efforts of the Law
and Order League count for any
thing. The organization, which
is composed of the leading 1 ministers and
some of the foremost business men of this
city, has taken up the fight and does not
piopose to. rest until the two terrible evils
are wiped out for all time.
A meeting df the organization was held
on Monday night in the Young Men's
Christian Association building. The slave
question and the- agitation against the re
opening of Ingleslde were taken up and
discussed at length by those present.
Rev. F. K. Baker read a personal letter
from Hon. J. R. Knowland, chairman of
the legislative committee which recently
Investigated the condition of things in
Chinatown. The writer spoke of the
great Importance of the Legislature pa«s
ing; two bills which were presented on
February 18, which would prevent the sale
or purchase of human beings and the
holding of them In durance, and also an
act to amend section 1747 of the Code of
Civil Procedure, relating to the appoint
ment of guardians and providng for the
temporary custody of minors and for
vesting in the Superior -courts the power
to issue warrants to prevent minors from
being taken away during the pendency
of guardianship proceedings. Dr. Baker
spoke strongly In favor of the bills, as
did also Miss Margaret Lake, superintend
ent of the Methodist Episcopal Rescue
Home.
Short speeches were made .by Dr.
MINISTERS PROTEST
AGAINSTjf SLAVE TRADE
Forward Set of Condemnatory Resolu
tions to Asesmblyman k Knowland
for Presentation to legislature.
The following resolutions were' prepared
by the special committee appointed by the
Presbyterian Ministerial Union respecting
the slave traffic In Chinatown.' A copy ha^
been forwarded to Joseph R. Knowland,
tho Assemblyman, to be presented to the
Legislature. The resolutions in full fol
low:
Resolved. (1) That we deplore the existence
of the slave traffic In Chinese women and chil
dren in San Francisco.
(C) That we denounce this diabolical traffic
In all its forms, and especially do we de
nounce the present .methods by which It is con
tinued and shielded.
<3) That we place ourselves on record as In
full sympathy with th« two bills now pending
In our State Legislature, as introduced by
Assemblyman Joseph R. Knowland on Febru
ary 18. 1901, and respectfully urge their im
mediate pnF*aK».
FRKDKniCK A. DOANE (Chairman),
J. S. THOMAS,
H. H. BELU
Committee. v
Beard, Rev. F. A. Doane and a number
of other well-known ministers and lay
men. In view of the Importance of the
matter and the lmpossibllty of presenting
at this meeting formal resolutions which
the Law and Order League would deem
sufficiently strong, it was unanimously
resolved that a committee of three be ap
pointed to express to the Legislature and
to the public at large the consensus of
opinion of the Law and Order League,
The committeee appointed consisted of
tho Rev. F. K. Baker, F. S. Brlttain and
Professor C. T. Work, and at the meet
ing of that committee yesterday It was
resolved to furnish a statement to the
press for publication and to arrange to
have Miss Lake visit Sacramento before
the passage of the bills, if possible, with
the slave girl last rescued by her. that her
story might be, told to the members of
the legislative body, and for the visit, if
possible, of the Rev. Mr. Baker to Sacra
mento for such personal presentation
of the merits of the bills to the members
of the Legislature and others as he might
see fit.
It was also resolved to request the press
of San Francisco to give the broadest pub
licity to this matter and to request the
press of other sections of the State, and
especially of Sacramento, to make such
comment upon this work as they could
The Law and Order League is in need
of funds to carry on its good work and an
appeal is made to all high-minded citizens
to give monetary aid. It is expected that
the organization can accomplish its g-ood
work by an expenditure of about $250
Rev. F. A. Doane is the treasurer and all
contributions should be sent to him or to
the Columbia Bank.
Among Other Plays at the Alcazar
MAY BUCKLEY BETtTRNS
APTEB TRIUMPHS ABROAD
She Will Appear in "TTxu
First Born."
May Buckley, the petite and clever
actress, who was such a favorite with
local theater-goers, returned from the
East last evening after an absence of two
years and is staying at the Occidental.
Miss Buckley expressed herself as being
delighted to be once more among her
friends. The successes she achieved in
the East have not turned her pretty head.
She is the same little woman who delight
ed Alcazar audiences with her splendid
acting. .
During her absence Miss Buckley ha?
played In New York and London and in
both large cities the critics spoke well of
her acting. Miss Buckley went East to
play in David Belasco's production of
"The First Born" and was a member of
the. company that played in England. On
ner return to the United States she was
engaged by Charle3 Frohman and ap
peared in "A Summer's Day," "Kather
ine" and "Hearts -ire Trumps." At the
close of her engagement with Frohman
Miss Buckley joined Litt, the well-known
manager, and scored a great hit as in
genue In the dramatization of F. Hopkin
son Smith's splqndld novel,, "Caleb "West,
Master Diver."
At the close of the season the popular
actress accepted an offer from Messrs
Belasco & Thall to appear at the Alcazar
Theater. She will shortly play there in
"T|ie First Born."
The Law and Order Leaeae, of which the following 1 8?entle~
men compose the committee the Rev. H. A. Flak, the Rev. K. A.
Doane, I. j. Truman, F. L. Tarpin, the Rev. W. W. White, the
Rev. W. M. Woodward, the Rev. Dr. Beard nnd E. C. Gilbert—
have Issued the following; address to the public i
The moral people of San Francisco have in the past stood solidly against
that which degrades and destroys manhood. Are we going to surrender that
which has been gained by such persistent effort without orotest? "We are
now brought face to fac« with one of the most serious Issues that could pos
sibly enlist the interests of every lover of Justice and morality.
The gambling element of our city is making: a strong effort to reopen the
Ingleslde racetrack. Shall we permit It? The hishest and best type of our
citizenship should say, with one of the most emphatic NOES ever heard In
this city, that It will not be tolerated.
The matter Is to be brought up again at a meeting of the Board of Super
visors next Monday afternoon. Ths pressure being 1 brought to bear by the
gambling element upon the Supervisors to reopen must bo met by a loud,
strong protest. t: T. J;
Kvery. citizen who desires to keep this place closed Is called upon to sign
the accompanving- petition and return at once to the Law and Order League,
room 21, 723 Market street, city.
A PROTEST AGAIXST THE REOPEXIXG OP IXGLESIDE.
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors of the City and Coun
ty of San Francisco— Gentlemen i We, the nndcmlefncd citizens of
the city nnd county of San Francisco, hereby petition your lion
orable body not to take any steps looking; to the reopening; of -
Inffleslde racetrack under any consideration WHATSOEVER.
Aaino ••••..«..«•••••••••••••¦•• Address .... . » • ..•••••••••••« «•••¦
Name Address
PROTEST AGAINST INGLESIDE.
Albert Schaible, an assistant cook In the
Odeon restaurant. O'Farrell street, plung
ed a knife Into the left breast of Louis
Irlon, a dishwasher, about 6 o'clock yes
terday morning during a fight in the
kitchen, and Irion may die, as the knife
penetrated the apex of the heart.
The two men had not been on friendly
terms and Schalble blamed Irion for try
ing to get him discharged. Schaible
reached the restaurant about 5:30 o'clock
yesterday morning and half an hour later
Irion made his appearance. Irlon, so
Schaible says, was In a quarrelsome mood
and asked him what he had done with the
hatchet, as he wanted to split some kin
dling wood. They had some hot words
about the hatchet and Irlon grabbed
Schaible by the neck and threw him face
downward among a lot of coal and began
punching him on the back. . Schaible
yelled for help, but no one came. He
managed to get on his feet and warned
Irion not to come near him again, as he
had in his hand a long knife with which
he cut vegetables.
Irion attacked Schalble again and Schal
ble plunged the knife into his left breast.
Irlon fell to the floor with the blood pour-
Ing from the wound and Schaible contin
ued cutting his vegetables as If nothing
had happened. When the chief cook ar
rived he told Schalble to "get out of
here," and he went to his home at 410
Clementina street.
The police were notified and Irlon was
removed to the Receiving Hospital, where
bis wound was pronounced fatal. Detec
tives Dlnan and Wren and Policeman
Knorp were detailed to rind Schalble.
They fo-jnd him In a saloon at Fifth and
Tehama streets and took him to the City
Prison, where he was booked for assault
to murder. He admitted the stabbing, and
when told that Irlon might die, he said
he did not care. He is. a short, thick-set
man, 58 years of age, and has been in this
city since 1891. He is unmarried.
Schalble was taken to the Receiving
Hospital and Identified- by Irloh, who re
fused to make an ante-mortem statement,
as he did not believe he would die. He
made a statement, however, that corre
sponded with the one made by Schalble.
Fight in Odeon Restaurant
That May Have a Fatal
Result. s
The schemers who planned to loot the
estate of Giovanni Cuoco have two weeks
more time In which to perfect the plot.
The matter of the distribution of the es
tate to Theodore Bacigalupi, who claims
title to the so-called "desert" land in Kern
County, by virtue of a deed given him by
the Italian Consul, was calleu for hearing
yesterday and by consent of counsel was
continued by Judge Troutt. While the
hearing of the Bacigalupi petition was
continued for two weeks, it is more than
probable that another postponement .will
follow. .The i.ext continuance will be
granted on a showing that the heirs, who
are residents of Italy, have been com
municated with by mail and that there
has not been sumclent time allowed to
permit them to reply.
When the Bacigulupl petition came up
for hearing: in Judge Troutt's court yes
terday . morning. Attorney Bates, wljo Is
acting tor Bacigalupi, and Attorney
Charles G. Lamberson of Vlsalla filed a
paper asking that the motion for re
appralsement be denied. He also objected
to the confirmation of sale to rienry
Bohls. who bid $:W0 for the property. The
sale to Bohls was first confirmed, but was
subsequently set aside by Judge Troutt
upon his receiving information to the ef
fect that other people were willing to
pay $25,000 for the same piece of land.
G. Gunzendorfer, attorney for Bohls,
was present and objected to the entire
proceedings. "Mr. Bohls bought the prop
erty, in pood faith," said he, "and has
paid the purchase price to the former
Public Administrator. An order made by
the court confirming the order of sale to
my client was set aside a few days ago.
We claim that the court has no right or
authority to set aside the order of con
firmation of sale and we have taken an
appeal to the Supreme Court from the
decision. The matter of calling for new
bids interests us not in the least. We
bought the property in good faith, being
the highest bidder, and are now ready to
dispute any adverse title."
Timothy J. Lyons, who represents the
Italian Consul, said that his client had
been grossly deceived when he sold the
land to Bacigalupi. "The Consul." said
Lyons, "appreciates the fact that he was
lied to by the people who were plotting to
rob the estate. The deed he gave as at
torney for the absent heirs was given by
him under a misunderstanding of the
facts. Bacigalupi bought the land for $800
and when he obtained it for that price
there was no notification to the Consul
that other people were willing to pay more
than double that amount. It has been
asserted that the consulate was taking
more than an ordinary interest In the
property involved. That is untrue. The
Consul has been anxious to secure the
highest possible price for the land In order
that the heirs may receive their rights.
All that Consul Serra asks Is that the
property be sold to the highest bidder and
that the proceeds be distributed among
the heirs. We ask that the property, be
so sold or disposed of that the heirs may
receive their dues." i
Attorney Ruef, who represents ex-Pub
llc Administrator Drlnkhouse, announced
that he and his client were badly deceived
In the sale. "We have no Interest to sub
serve that may not be made public. We
are here to fipht the case and obtain for
the heirs the most money possible. It has
been charged by some that the suit
brought by S. N. Griffith and W. S. Wagy
to quiet title to the land patented by
Cuoco was only a bluff to keep out Bohls.
That suit will be fought to the bitter end
and It will then be seen that there has not
been any collusion on our part."
The continuance of the proceedings was
granted at the request of Attorney T. J.
Crowley. who appears for F. Razzetto.
The power of attorney was originally sent
him by Cuoco's heirs. At that time Raz
zetto did not think there was any value
attached to the estate and turned over
his papers to the Italian Consul. Now
that he has learned that the property may
be worth several hundred thousand dol
lars ho asks for time to communicate with
the heirs and ascertain what steps they
intend taking to set aside the deed given
to Bacljjalupl by the Italian Consul.
IRION IS STABBED
TO THE HEART
Italian Consul Will Endeavor to Get
at Bottom Facts Showing
Intention to Loot
Estate. •
Judge Troutt Grants Timt
to Hear From the Heirs.
in Italy.
STILL BATTLING
FOR CUOCO LAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 20, 1901.
12
Law and Order League Takes Action
for the Suppression of Chinese Slav
ery and Also of Racetrack Gambling.
ARE TRYING TO DOWN
THE TWO GREAT EVILS
Dr. Charles Edwin Hart and Miss Louise
Fifield, Daughter of Well-Known
Capitalist, Join Hands and Hearts
POPULAR PHYSICIAN
WEDS SOCIETY GIRL
FINE LAGE CURTAINS.
We have just peceived from one of the largest
manufacturers in ST. GALL, SWITZERLAND,
5 CASES, or 800 PAIRS, FINE LACE CUR-
TAINS, in Paris Point, Renaissance and
'Irish Point.
These Curtains we will Dlace on sale com-
mencing MONDAY, Fehruaru 18th, at lowep
prices than similar goods have evep been sold
In this cltu. Theu come in hoth douhle and
single border, are the vepu newest designs,
and : the DPices range from
$u»t)U lO «pI3-UU p6F 1 31ft
We will also" place on sale same dau 40
EXTRA FINE SATIN -DAMASK TABLE
CLOTHS, four different sizes, with DIN-
NER NAPKINS TO MATCH.
40 Dozen HAND - EMBROIDERED LINEN
SCARFS, TRAY CLOTHS, CENTER
PIECES and TEA CLOTHS.
50 Dozen FINE BATTEN BERG SQUARES.
SHAMS, BED SETS, TIDIES and SCARFS.
.>¦--
All the aboye goods will be sold vepu cheap,
will be on display in oup large show windows,
and we call special attention to this Exhibition
III. 113. 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET,
i The Money-Saving
I Furniture and Carpet
I HOUSE.
I SPECIAL DISCOUNT SALE
I For Only 9 Days More.
a "We will continue to rive 20 per
¦ cent discount for cash on Bedroom
3 Suits and Chiffoniers, and In addt-
I tlon to these will give tho gams
« discount on 20 varieties of Folding
3 Beds and Ladies' Wrltlngr Desks.
] Willow Rockers and Chairs.
Ej Our prices have always • teen
H lower than other stores, yet If you
3 buy for cash you can make 20 per
S cent on these goods for the next
1 nine days.
H Ten per cent discount on every-
& thing else anyway. f^
1 SOME GOOD THINGS TO BUY: I*
U 3-pIece Quartered Oak Bedroom B
1 Suit, reftnlar price $42.00,C0'3.6O B
| now ......000 I
N Elegant Chiffoniers.' highly pol- 1
M i«hed. regular price OOJ.30 M
J S20.50,now V^l g
M Ladies* De«k. regular r 1 0.80 i
H price $16.00, now V<* g
I CASH OR CREDIT. |
I KRAGEN FURNITURE CO., I
i 1O15-1O1T Market St., Q
n Opposite Taylor, San Francisco. W
p Telephone South 371. H
DR.MCNULTY.
rpHIS WEIX-K^OW?T A^D RRLIABUS OLD
.L 8pecl*lLittfur«B1ood Poison, GonorrhcBa.Gle^t,
Stricture. Seminal \\>»ine«*, Xmpot*nc« »od Cb «ir
ullled Disorders. Book on Diseases of M«», tr*».
Orer20years>xp«rlenee.Tern»»re«jtoi»«bl«.Hoar»»
Pto3dally ;«:SOtoS. 30 e*'g*. »und*Y*. 10 to 12. Conxui>
tatlonfreeaadsacredlyconfldentlal. Call or address
P. RO8COR SIcXlTLTY. H.D.
20 }£ liearny St.. San Francisco. C&J- ,
1A/. T. HESS,
KCTAKY PfffltlO AIO ATTORKBr-AT-UT. -
Tenti Floor. Room 1013. Claus Spreckals t*\*t, **r
Telephone Brown til. ¦
Residence. S21 California at., below Poweii.
San FrancUco.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application^
COAL. COKE A.ND PIO IRON.
JC WILSON SCO-
COPPERSMITH.
CU r Shli> Plumbing. Steamboat and
•nOiMlln Ship Work a specialty, liana
18 Washington at. Telephone Main 8841.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JA> dO¥c5 S CU- a«jr. Tel. Mala UM.
OILS.
LCBRICATbtO OILS. 1-EONART> A HUOS.
«S Front «t. S. T. Phone Main Vti*.
PRINTING.
Ef nnrncc PRINTER.
L» nUtincjt an 8mnom« »t.. 8. r.
PRINTERS. BOO BINDERS.
THE HJCKS-JUDD CO.. ;
O First San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER. ft i
T . e! c3r«r o PARTRIDGE *» <£%?**'
Special Sale
H H iKW H s£n H Vb jy B JM J|ft VA gf WL n Bj Sw Bfl D |B H B^
Q ¦ ff^H Bj H Vsfl |R 1 sBBBBaatS I R iB Bp^M D E 9 I H
• ••*» 1 •••
HALF PRICE!
.$ -4.00 RAINY-DAY SKIRTS, marked down to. . . .$2.00
$5.00 RAINY-DAY SKIRTS marked down to! ... .$2.50
$ 6.00 RAINY-DAY^ SKIRTS marked down to. ....$3.00
$ 7.00 RAINY-DAY SKIRTS marked down to.. .. .$3.50
$ 8.00 RAINY-DAY SKIRTS marked down to. . . . . $4.00
$ 9.00: RAINY-DAY SKIRTS marked down to. ; . . . $4.50
$10.00 RAINY-DAY SKIRTS marked down to.. . . .$5.00
$12:00 RAINY-DAY SKIRTS marked down to:.... $6 00
J. ©'BRIEN . & CO,,
1146 Market Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B. KATSCHINSKI,
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
| 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco.
Si ytt&& jj?& 0 1 P EL
GOOD VALUE
AT A CUT PRICE
Times are a little quiet, between Bea-
eons. you know, eo to boom business
we h»w cut the price on one of the
Deafest anfl latest ctrlet of Oxford Ties.
LAltes* fine Vlcl Kid Oxford Ties, new-
coin toet and tips, circular vamps and
San cuarter».aa4 hand welted soles,
•with Baltimore, extension edees. Ite-
<5ured rrora f2 EO to 91.05. all widths
end sizes.
NOTICE!
Store Open Thursday,
Feb. 21, until 10 P.M.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
10 THIRD' ST.. -San Francisco.
RRTTQWPQ FOR BARBERS.BAK-
DliUOUJuOf". bootblack-, bath-:
bouses, billiard tables.
orewers. bookbinders, candy-makers, canners
Sjrers. flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
aansrers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. C09 Sacramento St.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fcr tfae Car. of Coaoi-ritocm. Gleet*.
6 trie tares and analogous complaints
of the Organs of Generation,
ffrlct f 1 •> bottle. For l&U by dmsrUU.
'Phone Howard 1021.
I OB A. va mm. Egl w jrgttfc^ IB
33 wfi yl fa 1 Efo§ H
119 TAYLOR STREET.
CUT CASH PRICES.
BEST EGGS LOWER AGAIN.
BUTTER 2^^^|^^29c
UU 1 I UU Recelved dlrect daJly> tWU
No reduction In quantity.
MINCED SEA CLAMS, TIN 10c
Oniin 17 varieties, Anderson's ornr.
OUUr Campbell's; 3 tins /•)[
One tin enough for 6 per-
sons. Dozen 95c. •
ABALONE FOOD, 3 TINS 2oC
IflllOTii/IT Coffee, packed hot. ft| ft
strictly pure; 30c usual. :.\ i
COF-FARIN, 25c PACKAGES 121-2c
0*1 linU Alaska Pink: 3 tins ftr**
uALMUN ?-™gs d «s*- - d 25C
JELL-O FOR DESSERT. 3 FOR 25c.
WOOL SOAP sesssgssfti
It floats, new size, •****'
pure: 10c regular.
TUCO FOR BREAKFAST lOe PKG.
SCRUBBING irS^ IOC
double*
ANCHOVIES 28c KEG.
CODFISH lisS^Sr 3 25c
SALMON BELLIES Re EACH.
fill! Holland: quart size bottle i«.
WN X%i.£ orest " brand - R^-7uC
RALSTON SELECT BRAN PKG. lOo
WHISKEY SSt £°&%?k^§55c
ii mum i Three brandst0 ch0OS ;J JU
from. Regularly. 90c.
GRANOSE— NO COOKING— 2 FOR 2i«
IMPROVED DELIVERT SERVICE?
We positively guarantee goods as reDre-
sented or money returned. You risk noth-
ing.
t'uwc -
STOVES FROM $7.50 UP, c
We ¦. carry a large and complete 1:
assortment of popular stoves and
ranges, among them being- the ex-
tremely popular Charm. Flora - and
Mono stoves. j
THE J.NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc l
1017-1023 MISSION STREET
Above 6th. San Francisco.
. PHONE— SOUTH 14. t
CAFE ROYRL SSi -
6c. Overcoats and 1
vallsea checked Ire*
ADVERTISEMENTS.