VOLUME XXXXIX-rNO. 34.
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
REV. LE BARON JOHNSON
AND MISS MARY HOFFMAN
HAVE NOT BEEN LOCATED
Two Weeks Have Passed Since They -Strangely
and Mysteriously Disappeared, but the Pecu
liar '? Affair Still Remains to .Be Solved
FIELD MARSHAL LORD ROBERTS. WHO HAS BEEN CREATED AN*
EARL, WITH REVERSION OF THE TITLE .TO HIS DAUGHTERS,
AILEEN MARY AND ADA EDWINA STEWART.
bride la a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Peter
Lyle.
NAPA. . Jan. . 2.— Mr. Charles Grant of
San Francisco and Miss Mabel Lyle of
Napa were married • here to-day. Rev.
Richard Wylle officiated. The wedding
was .very ' quiet on account of the • recent
death of a relative of the groom. ,' The
San Franciscan Weds at Napa.
KANSAS CITY, -Jan. -2.— It was an
nounced : to-day that" Miss Celeste Fine;
daugt.ter.of Mr. , and Mrs. B. S. Fine of
Virginia City.! Mont.', and Wilson S. Webb. 1
cashier of the Missouri \ Savings • Bank . of
Kansas City, s were'quletly . married here'
yesterday. .The announcement was made
when '.the couple reached St.' ; Louis, where
they .? had ? gone i to secure the • forgiveness ,
of Mrs. Fine, who Is visiting in that city.'
Mr. Fine: is a member ' of : the "¦ Montana
Legislature.
Quietly •, Married.
WASHINGTON. Jan.. 2.— United States
Surveyor General Gleaves of California
called at the White House to-day and in
vited the President to attend the annual
banquet of the Ohio Society of California
on the occasion of . his visit to the coast
to attend the launching of the battleship
"Ohio'. The President assured Mr. G leases
that he would attend if nothing Intervened
to prevent.
' Representative Slayden of Texas also
called and invited the President to visit
San Antonio, Tex.," on his California trip."
The President , will probably do so, and
if able he will also visit Austin, Tex.
PBESIDENT ACCEPTS .
¦ OLEAVES' . INVITATION
CHICAGO. Jan. 2.— George V. Hankins;
famous the country -over as a saloon
keeper, turfman and gambler, has filed a
bill In the Circuit Court for divorce from
Efile S. Hankins,. who is almost as well
known as her husband. The ground for
divorce is . desertion, and it is "stated In
the petition that since October 20. 1897.
she has refused to live with her husband.
She has been living in New York, whssre
she recently filed a petition- In bankr^toy.
with liabilities In the hundred, of : thou
sands. The couple were married In Chi
cago sixteen years ajjo.' *
GEOBGE V. HANKINS
SITES FOB DIVOBCE
Value of the New CTaft Is Held hy
Majority to Be an Unknown ,."
Quantity. .
WASHINGTON. / Jan. 2.— Submarine
boats for the Na-vy will hot be authorized
toy Congress during the present session If
the views of a ' majority of the Naval
Board on construction are observed.
The board considered to-day a letter
from Representative Foss. chairman- of
the House cojnmfttee, regarding a bill
pon«rg, authorizing- the construction of
twenly additional submarine boats. By
a vote of four to. one the decision wa«
agralnst the new vessels until their value
5s demonstrated. " Naval Constructor.
Woodward representing 'Rear Admiral
Kirhborn. chief constructor, was the dis
p'-ntlng member. In making its decision
the majority took into consideration the
reports of Admiral" Dewey, Rear Admiral
m Farquhar. Commander X. E. Mason, and
other* commenting" favorably upon the]
boat'* performance. . !
NAVAL BOARD OPPOSES
STJBIIABINE BOATS
The detective says h© secured the evi
dence on which to-day's warrant was Is
sued.
Ten Germans Killed.
TIENTSIN, Jan. 2.—Ten Germans were
killed and nine wounded at Leiehu, Jan
uary 1, through the firing of a salute with
a defective cartridge.
young -wife's parent? became > suspicious
and employed a detective to shadow their
son-in-law.
they put up; at the New Amsterdam Ho
tel.
It is said He frequently pleaded press of
business and went to Boston, remaining
away Friday. Saturday and Sunday. .The-
ceremony the bride was presented with &
handsome residence by her father, and
after the wedding. tour the couple re
turned to their new home.
Howard, however, for alleged business
reasons, brought his wife to' this city and
him with bigamy. Howard had offices In
this city and has been a prominent figure
in social circles of Brooklyn. Last Sep
tember he .married Helen Hawkes. daugh
ter of Deputy Highway Commissioner
Henry Hawkes of Brooklyn. After the
representative of the Whitney-Elkirs-
Wldener syndicate, and who has made
his home In this city since that time, was
arrested at the New Amsterdam Hotel in
this city to-night on a warrant ' charging
NEW YORK. Janr 2.— George Howard,
a consulting engineer of •' Boston, who
came to this city about a year ago as the
George Howard, a Consulting: Engi
neer, Accused of Having One
. Wife More Than Law
Allows.
YOTJNO MAN ATVR.KSTE.U
ON A SEBIOX7S CHABOE
saw his man Evans, and ; he is . sure h«
can be no other than Pat . Crowe. •
squint and the. general appearance of the
pictures of Pat Crowe that have appeared
in the local papers have all been so strik
ingly like Boone's client Evans that the
lawyer" recognized them as soon as he
saw them. Evans* brother, Boone says,
lived in Omaha, and Evans ; told ¦ Boone
once that he owned - a drug store in
Omaha and that he lived there-
Both the Evanses are known to the po
lice here. They were known by various
initials, . and when A. C. Evans was tried
for selling adulterated drugs he was tried
under, the name of W. G. Wyman. He
told Boone he had been in some crooked
work and ' therefore he had to go by ' the'
alias Wyman. He was Interested in sev
eral bunko schemes, and his; brother, or
the man supposed, to be his brother, was
also in the bunko business. There was a
warrant, out for; R, C. Evans, the sup
posed brother, for bunkoing. &'. man out
of $100, but he left the city and the police
say he is now • in ' Omaha. The other
Evans, known as "Chippie. Bob.'Ms in the
city* row. The -police say that. It Is the
Evans I now: In Omaha; who was . Boone's
client. The - man with ¦ the • squint; they,
declare, . is "Chippie Bob," who had no
hand in the drug case. ¦¦'...
WICHITA. Kans.. 1 Jan. 2.— Unless Mrs.
Carrie Nation, the Woman who wrecked
the Carey Hotel saloon last Friday, is re
leased soon she may be taken by force
from the County Jail. Members of the
local temperance union threaten to release
her.
This afternoon Dr. Brown, attorney for
Mrs. Nation, appeared before Judge O. D.
Kirk In the City Court with a bond, which
she asked to be passed^ upon, i County At-
Bpedal Dispatch to The* CalL
is "making, active effort^ to sell to IJIca
ragua and other Central American repub
lics wines, horses, hay, etc, in op
position to California and other coun
tries. . Chile is taking this action In view
of now having low freight rates by the
British line ' of weekly steamers of the
South* American Pacific Navigation Com
pany, plying between Chile and Central
America, also to the low freight rates by
the semi-monthly line of German steam
ers operated, by the Kosmos Company,
which enter Chjlean and Central Amer
ican ports "twice a month en route from
Germany to California. Chile gives a
subvention of $100,000 per annum ta the
English company's steamers.
The Government of Nicaragua Id urging
the Pacific Mall Steamship Company and
the Pacific Navigation ' Steamship Com
pany (English)' to operate four mall
steamers per month. Instead of three* as at
present* to Nicaragua's Pacific Ocean
ports. - This would greatly benefit cor
respondence . and commerce between Eu
rope and Nicaragua,,
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Dec. 12.— Chile
Desires to Furnish Central American
• » , Republics With Products in Op
.: ; position to California.
CHILE BEACHING
OTJT FOB TBADE
torney Amidon argued that the matter of
passing on Mrs. Nation's bond no longer
rested' with Judge Kirk. The Judze ac
cordingly referred the temperance people
to Sheriff Simmons,, who approved the
bond, but refused to release Mrs. Nation
because of . the smallpox quarantine now
existing over the jail.
i . The temperance people say this quaran
tine is spurious. This has Incited them to
"make threats to release the prisoner.
WOMEN THREATEN FORCE
TO RESCUE MRS. NATION
NEW YORK. Jan. 2.— More than
two weeks have . passed , sir.ee
j Rev. James I«e Baron Johnson
left the private asylum at Wat
kins. N." Y.. where he. had been
in confinement, and the Eame time has
elapsed since Miss Mary Hoffman of San
Francisco left Bellevue Hospital Training
School.' Yet neither the Watkins asylum
authorities nor the Bellevue Hospital
authorities when asked for information
by The Call correspondent to-night could
give tho slightest clew as to their where
abouts beyond what has appeared in the
telegraphic dispatches from Montreal,
Canada. The Call correspondent at Mon
treal by means of a picture printed in the
Herald identified Mr. Johnson as a party
who engaged passage for Europe en the
Tunisian, but the landlady at whoso
house Rev. Mr. Johnson's female com
panion lived for a few days was not so
sure of the identity of the lady.
~"ln connection with the story that Mis*
Hoffman left the hospital in order to
avoid being a witness in connection 'with
the brutal treatment of patients there a
new piece of information is published
here. Mrs. 'Edward Hughes of this city,
but formerly of Phtsbiirg. Pa., made a
statement to-day to the effect that her
husband, who died in St. Luke's Hospi
tal about a year ago, lost his life be
cause of injuries received In Bellevue
Hospital. She says she saw him In a
straitjacket and made to trot up and
down a corridor In the Bellevue Insane
Pavilion while an attendant flogged him
with a long strap tipped with metal.
Later it was found that seven of his ribs
had been fractured..-
Temperance Workers Declare the Quaran
tine of thfe Jail Is Spurious^
* ¦ . - - - - . . * . .
His audience of Her Majesty was quite
private.
Replying to the addi esses at the Towr
Hall, Lord Roberts said he regretted that
his return was not accompanied by Im
mediate peace; but, ne added.' while he
feared hostilities would continue for some
time, he had implicit confidence in' Lord
Kitchener and had no fear regarding the
outcome. He concluded with 'a eulogy to
the magplflcent army of Great Britain,
all the components of which, he pointed
out. pulled together splendidly.
When Lord Roberts reached Osborne
House he found that the Queen was out
driving and he conversed with several of
the Princesses while waiting for her to
return. The audienco lasted a quarter of
an hour. Lord Roberts was then taken
to Southampton by the royal yacht Al
berta and went on board the Canada,
•where he will spend the night.
"Remainder." as referred to in the dls r
patch from Cowes, is "a provision for the
passage of patent of nobility to a special
successor or line of succession, in default
of male issue on the aeath of a present
holder. . The only son of Lord Roberts.
-Lieutenant the Hon. F. S. H. Roberta,
died December 17, 1S99, of a wound re
ceived in the engagement at the Tugrci.i
River. For gallantry in attempting to
rescue the British guns abandoned on that
occasion, he was recommended . for the
Victoria Cross and the Queen, as a mark
of appreciation of the young man's valor
and the services rendered by- Lord Rob
ert? to his country previously to his de
parture for South Africa, took the occa
sion when Lady | Roberts visited Windsor
Castle a' few days before she sailed tor
.the Cape, to hand her n. small parcel, say-
Ing:
"Here is something I have tied up with
my own hands, and rhat I. beg you will
not open until you get h6me." " '
Lady Roberts .found that the parcel con
tained the Victoria Cross worn by her
dead son.
COWES. Isle, of Wight. Jan. 2.— The
¦ steamer Canada, having Field
Marshal Lord Roberts on board.
: anchored off Osborne at 11:45 a.
• m. to-day. The ships in the Roads
were gaily decorated, ihe sea. front was
.elaborately decorated with bunting, and
Venetian masts with festoons adorned
the route to Osborne House, at the en
trance of which was erected a unique trib
ute of ' the Queen's aopreciation of the
Field Marshal's work, in the shape of an
arch of laurel.- This was the first time
j euch an arch had ever appeared there in
honor of any subject of Her Majesty.
The Queen bestowed an earldom on
Lord Roberts, with a special remainder
for his daughters. He was also made a
Knight of the Garter.
A large crowd of people awaited Lord
Roberts' arrival at Trinity Pier and land-
Ing. The Field Marshal landed from the
launch ;at 2:30 p. m., which was the signal
for deafening shouts of •welcome. ' Prin
cess Beatrice, In her capacity as Governor
of the Isle of Wight, and the Duke of
Connaiight, representing the Queen,
awaited Lord Roberts,' whose arm was J
Etill in a sling as the result of beins ;
thrown from his horse in South Africa
lie was warmly greeted and .the party
started in royal carriages for Osborne
House. . The route was- lined with troops
and thronged with. cheering sightseers.
Lord Roberts stopped on his way at th«?
Town" Hall of East Cowes, where eulo
gistic addresses of weicome wore present
ed to him. He then resumed his drive,
and entered the. grounds of Osborne
House by the Prince of Wales* entrance
and proceeded up tho nobl*». troop-lined ,
avenue to Her Majesty's Isl- of Wight
residence. After a hearty reception in
the council chamber by a number, of
Princes and Princesses. Lord Roberts wiis
ushered into the presence of the Queen.
HUSBAND GETS POISON
INTENDED FOR LOVER
Trying to Wreak Vengeance on Fickle Ad
mirer a Woman -Kills the 'Wrong Man.
rant charging her with murder. She will
fee given a preliminary hearing in the City
Court to-morrow. Hart was also form-
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. Jan. 2.— The. key
to the Rathbun poison mystery, according
to" the report of the Coroner, has been
found in the unfaithfulness of the vic
tim's wife. Her husband, however, was
not her Intended victim. It was John F.
Hart, her sweetheart, who innocently
handed to llathbun the deadly draught
Intended for himself. This statement is
embodied In the finding Coroner EH Mix
filed to-day with State Attorney Williams.
Mrs. Rathbun was arrested on a war-
him. < Through some mistake the poisoned
coffee was put In Rathbun's dinner pail
and Rathbun Instead of Hart was 'killed.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
ally arrested on a. warrant charging. him
with Intimacy with Mrs. Rathbun. It
is said his arrest is partly for the purpose
of Weeping him for a witness against Mrs.
Rathbun. >: '*: "
The Coroner in the report says It has
been established that, Mrs. Rathbun and
Hart had sustained improper relations for
neven years; that two months ago Hart
began to pay attention to another woman
and Mrs. Rathbun became Jealous and de
termined to kill Hart by poisoning the
eoffee in a lunch which she prepared for
MISS MARY HOFFMAN, WHOSE STRANGE DISAPPEARANCE .FROM
NEW YORK ABOUT TWO WEEKS AGO IS A MYSTERY THAT STILL
REMAINS TO BE SOLVED.
MARTIAL LAW
IN FORCE IN
CAPE COLONY
Other Places.
Reoccupy Jagersfontein and
-: Ttireaten to Invest :
Bo0rs Continue ttie
Advance Upon %
British.
- LONDON,. Jan- :.— "Martial .law has
',tseen;.' proclaimed In the Worcestershire,
'.eprae.'. Prince Albert.. Frarerburg and
¦Sutherland ; divisions," says the Cape
.?pvrh correspondent of the Dally Mail,
.•wiring yesterday. "The enlistment of yol
. imteers :s active and the best .authorities
favorable developments short
ly.' The great trouble !s ibe scarcity of
;h.crse«. Seven hundred Boers have broken
'.¦thrc-jg-h .the cordon at Zurriburg and are
vfidyahcingypcn Richmond. The magis
•ttatift-there reports that they are burning
'i-nfl looting a few miies from the town.
;•'. "Lord Methuen Is concentrating a force
et Yryburg. whither a thousand troops
have been sent front Ktmberley and
ethers iram mere northern- towns to deal
¦with, a commando, that is raiding- around
Kuruman. The Boers ; have reoccupied
JagwsfoBtein, . which, together with
Kaueremith. the British evacuated- on.
. Christmas day. The convoy of retiring in
habitants, with hundreds of wagons, exr
..tf-riding for seven miles, was : a mournfu"
epectaHe, Camp was pitched at Eden
burg. I gathered, that the reason for the
evacuation was the difficulty, of main
taining food supplies so far .from the ra.il
xray." ¦ • ... ;. : - ¦ ¦' •_
¦"¦It Is understood that at the -conclusion
cf operations in South Africa -il/ord Kitch
ener will become commander- In chief in
India. -.¦¦.'• - ;
The War Offlce has received the fel-
JvTrtr.g dispatch from Lord Kitchener: -
"Dewet tried to move toward! Bethlehem.
t>ut he was headed off by Colonel Pilcher
end retreated toward Lindley. One hun
dred tnd thirty Boer horses have been
captured near Thabancbu. The railway
has been damaged south of Sarfonteih.
Williams engaged the Boers southeast of
Middleburg. Cape Colony, and the British
now occupy Graaf Remet." -.."-'•
A Cape Town special 6ayB: The British
battleship Monarch will land guns to-mor
row as a precautionary measure.- The
situation Is undoubtedly serious. It fa
true that the Dutch hpve not joined the
Invaders in any considerable numbers,
but a lack of arms is believed to/ be the
true reason for abs-.enUon. in many
places horses are freely offered and in
formation readily supplied to the Boers.
The latest reports show the situation to
t>* generally as follows: Kuruman, if still
uninvested, probably soon will be. Griqua-
Iiind West is filled with small parlies of
Boers, who are working south toward
Prkska for the purooso of co-operating
with or supporting Commandant Hertzojr.
whose advance parties *are in the neigb
borhood of Trazerburer.
The Boers are close to Graaf Refnet,
wher* of late th<^ Dutch have given many
*>ixionstrations of *>xtrome sympathy. In
the eastern part of *he coloijy the ad~
vanr* guard of the Boers Is' close to
Marirsburg. about twenty-five miles
north wpft of Cradock. •
The grnrral opinion here is that tho po
sition is not properly appreciated Jn
Enpland. The Worcester conference ex
citM the Dutch throughout the colony,
if any old resident? who are by no means
alarmists regard a general uprising of the
Dutch as quite likely.
A Carnarvon special says: .The Boers
commanded by Hertzog, Wessels. Pre
tcrius and. Nieuwenhaut are continuing
their march on '. Frazerburg. - it is re
ported that they have arrived, at Steyn
burg. Looting continues. Th« Boers'
horses are footsore and there is great
-want of fodder, as the country is barren:
Communication with Frazerburg la sus
pended aad It is doubtful when this will
be restored, inasmuch as the Boers are
traveling along the line. General Thor
neycrcft and Colonel Delisle are continu
ing the chase, but their horses, and mules
are very tired. Many Dutch residents
attended the funeral of a Boer killed. In
action ar.a placed wreaths upon his coffin.
The Boers captured and destroyed the
mails due December. 30. • .
:^Uprising of the Dutch, Who Sym
•^•pathize With Republicans, Is r :
Considered Likely.
Sovereign Endows Him With an Earldom # for Serv
ices in South Africa— Marches Under an Arch
of Laurel : on Landing at Isle of Wight
LORD ROBERTS IS DOUBLY
HONORED BY QUEEN VICTORIA
UPON RETURN TO BRITAIN
HOW HARRISON
WORRIES THE
ADMINISTRATION
General Is Ambitious
to Be Republican
Leader.
Utterances on Porto Rico
Causing Very Bitter
Comment.
Some members of the President's official
household profess to believe that Gen
eral Harrison is ambitious to again be
come the Republican leader and imitate
Grover Cleveland In trying to discredit
the present organization of his part/, so
as to take the lead In a new movement.
They profess to believe that Harrison is
deliberately aiding the opponents of the
administration's policy, doing all in hia
power to create public sentiment against
that policy, as well as to Influence the
opinion of tho Supreme Court. They sus
pect it Is an effort with a view to make
Harrison the Republican leader in 1304.
who will find a way to have the consti
tution and flag both In the Philippines
without doing violence to either.
There are rumors that the Supreme
Court is divided on the question now be
fore It with a majority against the Gov
ernment's contention that the constitution
does not follow the flap: into new terri
tory, and it is asserted these rumors,
whether well founded or not, have per
suaded Harrison to take the, course he has
in the matter.
The ex-President has. however,, many
friends In Washington who indignantly
deny the right of the administration to
find fault with him because he Is exer
cising his right as an American citizen
to discuss a grave constitutional ques
tion in which every one is interested.
This defense of the ex-President does not
satisfy the adminfstration people that he
has not some ulterior pwrpos© in devoting
so much attention to this question at thia
particular time. Harrison is booming the
lysue, and should the Supreme Court de
cide against the Government's conten
tion it will in Washington be regarded
as a victory for th© ex-President as well
as a 'defeat for President McKlnley.
magazine article being spoken of as a
brief for the complainants against the
Porto Rico tariff. y
a forceful reply to the brief of Attorney
General Griggs and the Department of
Justice is harassed for time to reply, as
arguments in the case are set for next
Monday. It Is freely asserted that op
posing counsel have withheld their brief
for this purpose, and coming as it dce:i
about the time of General Harrison's
magazine article on the same subject 1»
made puhlie It has added to the annoy
ance felt In administration circles.. Harri
son's article Is regarded as supplementary
to Carlisle's brief.
" This magazine article and the ex-Pres-
Ident's several speeches^ and newspaper
interviews are the principal subjects for
comment in Cabinet circles. The columns
the ex-President has contributed to th;>
discussion of the constitutional power of
Congress regarding new territory are
sources of Irritation to members of tho
Cabinet, if not to tho President
There is a well defined impression In
the Cabinet that Harrison Is doing what
he can to influence th« opinion of the Su
preme Court on this great question, his
WASHINGTON'. Jan. 2.— Ex-Secretary
Carlisle's brief in the Porto RIcan tariff
case, now before the Supreme Court. was.
submitted to-day and is regarded as very
strong legal argument against the power
of Congress to ignore the provision of the
constitution. The argument is said to be
Soeclal Dispatch to The Call
Ex-President Is Accused of Desperately
Striving to Defeat the Policy
of the President
WHOLE FAMILY
OF MR.CUDAHY
IS THREATENED
napers.
Another Letter From
the Alleged Kid-
Demand lor the Withdrawal
ol the.Reward Is
Renewed.
The Abducted Boy Fails to. Identify
J. J. Crowe and He Is Re
leased From Custody.
HAD CROWE FOR A CLIENT.
John L. Boone Is Sure He Once' De
fended the Omaha Kidnaper.
John L. Boone, the patent lawyer, • of
this city, is certain he once had for a
client the sam£ Pat Crowe who is charged
with the kidnaping of Eddlo Cudahy at-
Omaha.
Boone knew the man be believes was
Crowe as A. C. Evans, and 'he defended
him before Judge ,', Cabaniss from, the
charge of selling adulterated drugs.,Bdone
took up Evans* case last March. The man
was sent to him- by a friend and", Boone
and his friend went .on, Evans' bond so
that he would not have to remain in
prison. Soon after they heard -Evans was
preparing to go East, so'they surrendered
him.; He then put up $50 of his own and.
was released. : The man . was] convicted
before Judge Cabaniss, but he told Boone
If he would appear the case he could have
the bail money! >Boone appealedithe" case
and got the man of/, but henever'got his
money,, for a woman' claiming .to be the
slster-in-Jaw of Evans got the receipt and
she would not give it 'up.': '
It was as late as last July that. Boone
DALLAS, Tex., Jan. 2.— All the banks
in Dallas to-day received descriptions of
the money paid by Mr. Cudahy at Omaha
for the ransom of his son. It is claimed
ithat marks were placed on the money.
When any of it is attempted to be passed
the arrest of the person or persons offer
ing the marked money is to follow. Banks
throughout the United States and Canada
and Mexico have received similar notice. '
Banks Receive a . Description of the
i Cash Paid Kidnapers.
LIKQOLN; Nebr., Jan. 2.— Senator Ran
som of Omaha Introduced a bill in the
Senate to-day to make kidnaping, under
certain conditions, punishable by death.
Other bills bearing cm kidnaping and
not much different In phraseology were
also Introduced. The present Nebraska
statute on this crime is regarded as lame,
and good authorities question whether for
abduction alone a conviction would be
possible. , ' _ ' " • ¦'•¦I? \
CUDAHY MARKED THE MONEY.
Bills Relating to Kidnaping Intro
duced in the Legislature.
TO BE PUNISHABLE BY DEATH.
OMAHA, Jan. 2.— Another letter, printed
with a lead pencil, was received by E. A.
Cudahy this afternoon, demanding the
withdrawal of the reward offered for the
kidnapers. The fact that the address
was printed In similar style to the former
one save rise to the suspicion before It
was opened that it was from the same
source, but Mr. Cudahy stated to-night
that it was a rank Imitation and said he
did not attach the slightest significance to
it.. It was mailed in the postofflce about
3:30 o'clock in the afternoon. He showed
the letter to a reporter, and said it was
evidently patterned after the fac ¦ simile
of the former letter that had been printed.
He stated that it was of the same class
as several others that had been received
from various points, except that it had
been printed. He pointed out that there
was a marked dissimilarity between it
and the one received from the kidnapers,"
both In the phape of the letters and the
general wording of it, as well as in the
spelling. Apparently every word that
was possible of misspelling was mis
spelled. The letter demanded the with
drawal of the Cudahy offer of and
of the city's offer as well under penalty
not only, of trouble for the children, but
the' destruction of the entire "Cudahy
family." The epistle closed with an in
junction to "heed this warning:."
¦ Bdward A.-Cudahy Jr. failed to-day to
identify J. J. ! Crowe as one of the men
who - kidnaped' nirtf.^ Cudahy -appeared at
the City Jail and confronted Crowe In
the Bertllllon room. After looking at the
suspect five minutes or more young
Cudahy remarked: "I never saw that man
before. He is not the one who stood
guard over me. and if he had anything
at all to do vrlth the kidnaping, I did not
see him." Crowe was then released.
Secret Service Agent "Wltten to-day
stated positively that he saw Pat Crowe
in St. Joseph, Mo., the Friday after the
kidnaping. He does not think he was
one of the kidnapers.
A'Chadron (Nebr.) special says: It was
reported this afternoon that the officers
who were reported to have captured Pat
Crowe, the alleged abductor of young Ed
ward Cudahy at Omaha, while endeavor
ing to make good his escape across the
Pine Ridge country yesterday, were
thrown off their guard by Crowe's friends
and sympathizers, many of whom live
near the agency. Crowe's friends are
said to be spiriting him away to the
"Hole-In-the-Wall" country in 'Wyoming,
where he is to Join an old-time friend and
cattle rustler and may enter a secluded
life away from the reach of officers of the
law. The officers yesterday ran down a
Boston curio hunter named Dennis, but he
was released on proving his Identity.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JANUARY 3, .1901.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.y ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. Jan. 2.— The Prose
cuting Attorney to-day took up a dew in
the Richardson murder that may prove
-to be a solution of the mystery. For some
reason which the prosecution has not yet
divulged it is believed that George
Vauglit, the sweetheart of Bossie Phyllis,
the domestic employed in the Richardson
home, can tell more of the crime than has
yet been developed from his testimony on
the stand last week. , /
His actions on the night of" the tragedy
are . being: Investigated. ¦ He was a fre
quent Visitor to the Richardson home,
ostensibly to see the domestic, but it de
velops that he also enjoyed a familiar ac
quaintance with the mistress of. the house.
The people of Savannah are greatly mys
tified over the delay In securing a state
ment from Mrs. Richardson, the widow.
Questioned.
George Vaught, the Sweetheart of
Bessie Phyllis, to Be Closely
NETW CTjETOT IN THE
RICHARDSON MTTRDER
STOCKTON.' Jan. .2.— Mrs. , A. : Smith,
wife of Judge Ansel Smith, was h«ld up on
Hknter \ street to-night ~ and badly fright
ened by an unknown man. - She was walk
ing toward the business portion of the
city when a man suddenly placed his hand'
over her mouth . and, . picking her up,
started " to I carry • her across the street
Assistance arrived in time to frighten the
fellow, away.--: Mrs. Smith was rendered
partially unconscious and now Is - In' . a
state or nervous collayae, Jf ¦ /
Thugs /Attack a Woman.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. &.— Emmlngton,
alias VScarfaced Doyle," who recently es
caped' from the Marin County Jail, where
he was held for a murderous assault upon
Guard "Randolph, was captured to-night.
Emmlngton was caught near the draw
bridge by Deputy Sheriff Martin and
Sheriffs Taylor, and Grace. He was try
ing to get over on the main railroad line
when - taken. . ' . ,
Boy Accidentally KUled.
SAN DD3GO. Jan. 2.— The body of
Aaron Thompson, .the 14-year-old son of
Mr." and, Mrs. Aaron Thompson* of Lake
view,-in El Cajon Valley, was found this
morning about three-fourths of a mile
from his home. The boy evidently shot
himself accidentally. ~ ,
tin Prison.
Officers Run Down the Assailant of
Guard Randolph of San Quen-
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 2.— Patents were
Issued to-day as follows: 'V.
California— John Carden, Gardena. cur
rycomb; David C. Demarest, Angele, hy
draulic valve mechanism; George H.
Dyer, San Francisco, fastening for struc
tural iron; Irving H. Fay and S. A. Craw
ford, latter assignor to F. Stebler. River
side, machine for cleaning fruit; George
II. Ferguson, assignor one-half to A. Gre
gory, Redlands, fruit cleaning and polish
ing machine: Henry P. Gebricke, Los An
geles, strap lock; James Gould Jr.,
Berkeley, can-body machine; Brit. S.
Harris, Oakland, window washer; Ru
dolph C. Reed, assignor three-fourths to
H. /.a dip, H. M. Levy, San Francisco and
S. HIrsch, Portland. Ore., filter; Robert
Robertson,- Santa Cruz, device for coiling
plastic material; Rufus A. Simpson, Fern
dale, butter scoop; Herbert C. Stockwell,
Los Anegeles, assignor to Yale & Towne
Manufacturing Company, Stamford,
Conn., time lock. • •
Oregon— William R. Abrams. assignor to
Hand Manufacturing Company of Oregon,
Portland, Ore., boring machine; Jesse IV.
Arehart, Harrlsburg. draft equalizer; Ja
cob D. Brower, Salem, writer's compan
ion.
Washington— John W. iBerry, assignor
to Cascade Cereal Company, Tacoma, au
tomatic weighing machine; Lewis H.
Bowman, Walla Walta, car ventilator;
Elmon Scott and E. Gerry, New What
com, earth augur.
Postmasters commissioned:. 'Washing
ton— Hazelton W. Stone, London; Ma
thilda Tanggard, Shuwah. -
Postmaster appointed: California— May
L: Thomas, Cherokee. Butler County, vice
Maggie Herbert, resigned.
Army: orders— Major J. 8. "Wilklns, ad
ditional paymaster United States Volun
teers, now at Marysvllle, Ohio, Is ordered
to San Francisco. . Lieutenant Herman A.
Seivert, Fourth Cavalry, now at Los An
geles-on-sick-leave, 'will --report to San
Francisco for assignment to duty.
General Wilson, chief of engineers,' has
approved the plans to continue the work
on the Oakland tidal canal and instructed
Colonel H«uer to proceed with the project,
arranging with the railroad company re
garding the crossing at Washington
street.
Senator Perkins will introduce a bill to
morrow, appropriating $400,000 for the con
struction of lighthouses on the Alaskan
coast ¦
EX-CONVICT EJPHNGTON ••
CATJGHT AT SANTA ROSA
Army Changes.
Pensions Issued and Postoffice and
INTEBESTS THE COAST.
Immediate relatives were present at the
ceremony. ' • -.
The brid© was given away by her
brother. She was attended by her two
sisters as bridesmaids. The bejjt man was
Georpe Brown, brother of the bride-
KToom. Immediately after the/ ceremony
there was an Informal reception: and wed
ding breakfast.
RUSSIA MAKES
HEAVY DEMANDS
Salient Points of Proposed
Agreement With
China.
LONDON, Jan. 3»— The Peking corre
spondent of the Daily Mail, wiring Janu
ary 1, says: Russia by conciliation is try
ing to secure special advantages, and
there Is a strong belief that she will re
ceive American support. It is hinted that
Russia inspired unfounded charges of
barbarity aguinst the German troops, her
motive being to sow dissension between
Great Britain and Germany. / '
Id a dispatch to the Times from Peking
dated December 31 Dr. Morrison gives the
text of the Rueso-ChSnese agreement for
the Russian protection of the Manchurian
province of Fen ting. Russia, he says,
consents that China . shall resume the
civil government on the following condi
tions: ¦
First— The Tartar general, Tseng, un
dertakes to protect and pacify the prov
ince and to assist in the construction of
the railroad.
Second— He must treat kindly, feed and
lodge Russians engaged in the military
occupation and in the protection of the
railroad.
Third— He must disarm and disband the
Chinese soldiers, delivering to the Rus
sians all ammunition in tuch arsenals as
the Russians have not yet occupied.
Fourth— All forts and defenses in the
province not occupied by the Russians
and all powder magazines not required
by them must be dismantled in the pres
ence cf Russian officials.
' Fifth— Nleuchwang • and ! other places
now in Russian occupation shall be re
stored to the Chinese civil administration
when Russia is satisfied that the pacifica
tion of the. province is complete.
Sixth— The Chinese shall maintain law
and order by local police under a Tartar
grant-
Seventh— A Russian political resident,
with general powers of control, shall be
stationed at Mukden, to whom the Tartar
General Tseng must give all information
respecting any important measures.
Eighth— In the event of the local police
being insufficient for any emergency Gen
eral Tseng will notify the Russian resi
dent and invite Russia to send reinforce
ments. ¦'•¦'•'•;
Ninth— The Russian text shall be- the
standard.
¦ "The functions g-lven the- Russian resi
dent," says Dr. Morrjson, "are similar to
thOEp.of the Russian residents in Bok
hara" or those of the British residents in
the native States' of India.
"Tho agreement will necessarily be fol
lowed by similar agreements with refer
ence to two other provinces. Then Man
churia will bo de facto a Russian pro
tectorate, Russia by a pre-existing ar
rangement having already the right to
maintain all troops necessary for the pro
tection of the railway."
Commenting upon the information'
transmitted by Dr. Morrison, the Times
says: The problem raised is very serious.
The agreement Is utterly Irreconcilable
with Russia's professed attitude toward
China and the assurances she has volun
teered, to the powers. In fact, the situa
tion contemplated by -. the Anglo-German
agreement seems definitely to confront us.
GREAT NORTHERN
BUYS COAL BEDS
Pays Five Million Dollars
for Eastern Washington
. • ¦-'• •"'¦" Mines.
SPOKANE, Jan. 2.— The Great North
ern has secured a monopoly of the vast
British Columbia coal fields near the
Crowsnest Pass. To-day 'at St. Paul.
Mr. Hill arranged to purchase the prop
erty of the Crowsnest '. Pass Coal Com
pany, for a price, approximately $5,000,000.
The details of the transfer were arranged
after several days' conference with Presi
dent Cox of Toronto and other heavy
stockholders of the Crowsnest Company.
The property includes 276,000 acres
of land.
Extensive development has been done on
these properties, which are now shipping
1500 tons daily. The coal Is of. fine quality
and tests on the Great Northern show it
is excellent for locomotives.
The Great. Northern has purchased from
the Canadian Government 10.000 acres of
coal lands ten miles south of the Crows
nest fields.
Following these purchases, the an
nouncement is made of the intention of
the Great Northern to build a railroad to
the property. The road will start at
Great Falls. Mont., run northwesterly
across the main line near Blackfoot and
thence to a connection with the Canadian
Pacific near Livingston.
In the past few weeks the Great North
ern has had surveyors In the field seeking
a feasible route. This, it is said, they
have found. It is understood here that
the construction of the road will bo com
menced at the earliest possible date this
spring. The proposed road will not only
shorten the distance between the Crows
nest coke ovens and the Great Falls
smelter but will open a country rich in
timber resources.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASHLAND. Or.. Jan. 2.— The worst
snowstorm since the winter of 18S9-90
throughout Southern Oregon and North
ern California began last night and has
continued during the past twenty-four
hours. Telegraph and telephone com
munication has been paralzyed north
and south during the day, and to-night
the wires are down eouth of Dunsmulr.
The Southern Pacific has experienced
great difficulty, in keeping its track clear
between Ashland and Dunsmulr.
The snowplows have been working con
tinuously since 7 o'clock a. m. in the Sls
klyous, where the snow Is seven feet deep
on the level and fourteen feet. In the cuts
and drifts, and the rotary plow Is now
working north from Dunsmuir. All pas
senger trains have been able to get
through five and six hours behind sched
ule time, but all freight trains are an
nulled. The railroad officials have been
vigorously combating the storm and
despite its severity believe they will suc
ceed in getting all passenger trains
through without any serious delay.
The storm center appears to have been
on the south side of the Sisklyous, ex
tending as far as tho canyon of the Sac
ramento, with much drifting of the snow
on the south side of the mountains, while
on the Oregon side it is wet and does not
drift.
The following Is the snowfall at the
principal points In the track of the storm:
Ashland, 12 inches; Jacksonville, 13
Inches; Treka, 4& feet; Sisson. 5 feet;
Dunsmulr, 5 feet; Slskiyou. 7 feet. Indi
cations are that the backbone of -the
storm is broken.
In northern points of the Rogue River
Valley it is growing warmer and raining
late to-night.
Railway Traffic Delayed on
Northern California
Line3.
SNOWSTORM IN
THE SISKIYOUS
DANGER FROM FROST PASSES.
Weather Turns Warmer In Southern
California,
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 2.— The mercury
reached 39 during the twenty- four hours
ending at 5 o'clock this morning, and all
fears that the continued cold weather
might damage the new citrus crop are
at an -end.
The frost last night was general
throughout this section, but in no in
stance, so far as has been heard from,
was there any serious damage. Red
lands, Riverside and North Ontario report
all trees as having safely passed through
the. ordeal. Highlands, Pomona, Glen
dora. Azusa, Fullerton. Orange, Corona
and Lamanda all escaped. Ontario, how
ever, reports that lemons may have suf
fered slightly, while at Pomona the frost
last night and early this morning was ex
ceptionally severe. Azusa reported seven
sixteenths of an inch of ice, but the fruit
crop Is toO far advanced to be seriously
affected.
Three Transports Returning.
SEATTLE. Jan. 2.— A cablegram an
nouncing the departure of three United
States army transports from Nagasaki.
Japan, for Seattle, was received by Ma
jor Ruhlin. in charge of the local quar
termaster department, to-day. The trans
ports are the Athenian, which sailed from
Nagasaki on December 27, the Port Ste
phens, which sailed on December 2A and
the Arab, which left on January l^f It Is
probable that . the three transports will
be dismantled on their arrival in this
port and turned over to their owners by
the Government, by -which they were
chartered for the . Filipino service.
ARGUING STATUS
OF PORTO RICO
ment to the Constl- •;
y tution.
WASHINGTON'. Jan. 2.^-The first briefs
to be filed In the cases Involving the rela
tion of the United States 4 to its insular
possessions, which are to be argued in the.
Supreme Court next week, were submitted
to-day. There are- eight of the cases and
briefs were filed in the cases of Carlos
Armstrong and of Samuel B. Downes. In
both cases the briefs, represent the par
ties opposing tlie contentions, of the Gov
ernment, .y* -
. Armstrong Is a British subject .doing
business In Ponce. P. R., and he sues to
recover tariff duties collected on goods
imported into Porto Rico from New York,
Philadelphia and Baltimore. The Court
of Claims decided against him and he ap
peals from that decision. The brief in
this- case was tiled bv John C. Chancy
on behalf of Mr. Armstrong.
The plea is made in the brief that the
collection of duties wa.<. in the circum
stances, a -violation of the constituion of
the United States, as by the terms of the
Paris treaty the island of Porto Rico be
came a portion of the United States. The
brief lays down the following propositions
as the basis of the appellant's contend
tions:
The constitution. of the United States reaches
over every portion of the national domain,
whether in th» form of St!»tes. Territories or
districts, because the constitution provides for
Territories as well as States. The cession
made by Spain in the treaty of Paris pro
duced an r.tsoluto change of title and sover
eignty in Porto Rico.
The President of the United States is an
executive officer. He has no right to exercise
legislative functions. The imposition by
executive order of customs duties on com
merce between the island of Porto Rico and
ether parts of the United States after the
treaty of reace .nnil the exchan.ee of ratifica
tions is unauthorized and void and the collec
tion of such ran ifs is without warrant of law.
A government without limitations was never
Intended by 1 the founders of the nation. They
sought to establish and did • establish a con
stitutional republic, which furnishes a written
guarantee of protection to all of its inhabi
tants. The Men that in one portion of th«
country the executive and legislative authority
is subject to retitrlctlons and limitations and
that In another portion It- ir; without any re
striction or limitation— that in one part a re
publican government rxlsu* and in another, part
an unlimited despotism, is repugnant to the
theory ¦ upon' which the Government was
founded. Everv inhabitant is entitled to the
protection afforded by the bill of rights.
A large portion of the brief is devoted
to the refutation of the doctrine laid down
by the Attorney General In the Goetee
case, recently argued, by him in the Su
preme Court to the effect that the Gov
ernment of the United States should have
an unlimited hand in control of territory
outside of the States. Replying to this
declaration, Mr. Chaney says:
Mr. McKinley is'th* President of the United
States— the President of Its territory and its
people. He Is not the President of other ter
ritory or people and he is the despot of no peo
ple and no territory. He was never elected or
commissioned i the despot of anybody or any
thing ¦
The Congress Is the Congress of the United
States — the Congress of the territory and the
people of the United States. It is not the
Congress of any other territory or people. It
is omnipotent nowhere on the face of the earth.
It was created by the people of the United
States under a constitution specifically pointing
out Its powers and .duties. It exists by vir
tue of that constitution, as does also the«Prebl
dentlal office. .. •. . '.' '•.;¦
It Is omnipotent 'nowhere. The only-omni
potent thing this side- of- heaven is the consti
tution formulated (by the\fathers out of times
which proved the necessity of providing against
despotism in the Presidential office and Against
the omnipotence of men representing the peo
ple of the United States.'.- •
On« wouli (Mi'li to hear the arguments ad
vanced . by the Government that there are no
restrictions or limitations of any sort upon
Congress or the President, so far as the Terri
tories are concerned, They may give to
Alaska absolute -monarchy: they may give
to the Hawaiian Islands a. republic: they may
give to Porto Rico such a government aa Wey
ler- would provide. They may give to the
Philippines a form 'of government after the
plan of Turkey and China. They may estab
lish a republic in one part and a monarchy In
another, i They may deny to the unfortunate
inhabitants of these Islands all the recognized
rights and privileges which characterize the
coies of civilized nations. In short, they may
restore all the relica of barbarism and there
is no power on earth to stop or control them.
It Is no answer to this to say that the Con
gress is too enlightened and the President too
merciful to commit such acts of tyranny and
oppression. That does not change the ques
tion. We contend that no such right exists;
that Congress in its government of Territories
Is itself subject to constitutional limitations
and that the peopl" of those Territories or
colonies are protected by these limitations and
that they may themselves appeal to that in
strument for protection.
The brief In the Downes case was filed
by F. R. Coudert Jr. In this case excep
tion is taken to the imposition of dutie*
on goods imported into the United States
from Porto Rico.
Mr. Coudert, quoting the decision of the
Supreme Court in the. Cherokee Nation
case asks: "If the Paris treaty did not
make Porto Rico a part of the United
States, how could the Congress of the
United States be vested with the right to
legislate for it and to determine the civil
rights and political status of its native In
habitants." ;-vi.-;-
to his own question, Mr.
Coudert said: "Tho Congress of the
United States is not vested by the consti
tution and cannot, therefore, be invested
by treaty with the power to legislate for
a foreign country." * *
Mr. Coudert also suggests the possibility
of an amendment to the constitution, say-
Ing: "Nor need there be any concern
with reference to expediency. If the
people of the United States deem It ex
pedient that the additional powers exer
cised by their temporary agents should
be approved and should be continued to
their successors, the people can so ordain.
The constitution has provided an easy
method for their so ordaining. It has not
established the Supreme Court for that
purpose. A constitutional, amendment,
if demanded by the people, can be pre
sented in Congress and ratified by the
Legislatures in less time than It -will take
this court to unravel and determine. • the
momentous questions involved in this
case. If a revolution In' our method of
government and in the principles
for which this Government stands
Is to bo made. It should be made
by the power which Is at the base of all
government— the people— for /whose bene
fit the Government is made. It certainly
should not be done by a court intended
to be a conservator of all our institutions
and not the voice of the people to change
the form and character of those institu
tions." i,,::/ : '
Coudert Sug-gests an Easy Remedy
by the Adoption of an Amend-
Court.
Attorneys Present Their
Eriefs to the Supreme
Ceremony Takes Place at: Home of. Bride's
Mother in New York Gity. : < '
MISS MARGARET DALY WEDS
MR. BROWN OF BALTIMORE
Late Stanford Professor to- Expound His
Views in a New Field..
UNIVERSITY OF NEBRASKA
ENGAGES DR. E. A. ROSS
OMAHA; Nebr., Jan. 2.— A special
from Lincoln says: At a meet
.Ifig of the executive committee
of the board of university re
gents to-day the enpagement of
Dr. Edward A. Ross.' lately dropped from
the list of professors of the Leland Stan
ford' University, was completed. P.oss, It
will be remembered, claimed his dismissal
from Stanford was due to his Bryanite
views of trusts, railroads and free silver
being distasteful to Mrs. Stanford, the
patron of the institution, while the. official
explanation was that his lectures trenched
too "closely on a vicious assault on the or
igin of the Stanford fortune reflecting on
the memory of. Mrs. Stanford's late hus
band. Ross was also mentioned frequent
ly in connection with an editorial position
on Bryan's new paper.
The way was paved for his engagement
In- Nebraska University by Chancellor
Andrews at last month's regents'
meeting, where, at his urgency, it
was referred to the executive com
mittee in violation of the univer
sity rules requiring an indorsement
% flrst by the faculty committee. A strict
Injunction of secrecy was given at the
time. To-day the fusion members of the
executive committee completed the ar
rangement. Professor Rcss to begin work
in February at a salary of $2000 a year.
This creates a new nositlon for him, as
the university already has a profwsor of
political economy. y
Special rM.«patch to The Call.
SIX MILLIONS
ARE INVOLVED
Fayerweather.
Suit to Test the Validity of
¦ the Will of Daniel B.
to Colleges and
Action of a Niece That May Place
in Jeopardy the Eich Bequests
Hospitals.
-* — — t
NEW TORK, Jan. 2.— It is expected
that one of the most important lawsuits
Jn the history of the new century, involv
ing a large sum of money, valuable prop
erty rights in this city and bringing Into
question again the legality of the will of
Daniel B. Fayerweather, will be brought
•up for trial In the United States Circuit
Court before Judge I^acombe and a Jury.
Bad that for the fir?t time the question of
The competency of the will be
brought before a jury. The suit is in the
n:;me of Mrs. Emma S. ' Fayerweather. a
ni»t-e of Mr. Fayerweather. and is in the
nature of an action in ejectment in re
ppect to the property In this city which
formerly belonged to the Ftiyerwoather
«-rtate. Mr. Fayerweather died in 1KW.
¦J'-avinp a fortune estimated at $6.<XM.0O!>.
H-e Wt a residence and an annuity of
?'.*."?• to his widow, who survived him two
}<-ai>. and $3^hJ0.0O0 in specific bequests
end J2.20G.000 to twenty colleges and five
Jicppitate. . . '
Harmsworth to Come West.
Alfrort H?.nr.<=worth. the English r.ews-
T'iP^r owner and editor, is quite pleased
v.-.th his late attempt here with n local
newspaper to brtng an American daily up
to his ideal. He thinks the paper issued
Tinder his direction proved the success of
hts idea as applied to : American news
papers. He has received offers from va
rious editors to take charpe' of their news
rsper plants fr>r a day. Mr. Harmsworth
paid that he did not know which, IT any,
rt these offors he m'ght take up. He is
Cling South and tben • pof^ibly he may
vi?it the West.
E-sfined Sugar Reduced. • '.
The American Su»ar Refining Company
lias reduced the prices ;of all grades of
rc;fin**d siy:ar ten points, and the National
Sugar Refining Company h?s made- a cat
©f five points, makins the prices of both
cbmnnwi the Fame. ' '¦
Arbuokle Brothers have reduced the
jirire of granuiatfd sugar? ' to conform
v.ith the list 'of the American Sugar Re
fining Company and the National Sugar
defining Company prices. This puts all
the companies on Oje same basis. , '
Calif ornians iruNew York;
. The foUowinj: Callfortuans arc in Now
York: From £an Francisco— J. D. War
rack is st Herald Pquaro; H. <\ Hinz Is
m Rpliidere: E^ 'Baker is at Oorald: G. H.
<"onklin Is at Sturtevant: H. J. Cpx and
J. H. Goldman are at Hoffman:- K. E.
Hewlett is at Amsterdam: . M. I*. Jones
s*nd wife are atCadfllac: H. J. I-ightner
is at- Westminster; V. \,. -Lipman is at
Impprial: XV. F. Newell is at Bartholdi;
».'. Nieispn is atAstnr; J. N. Peterson is
r.t Marlborough: C. W. Rosenbaunr is at
Irnperial: K. H. Saki and wife .are at
Normandle; F. Schultze Is at Belvidere:
K. W. Thompson is at Imperial;. M.
.Vclitche Js at the Astor: J. N. Whitney is
»t the Amstfrda'm: F. B. King is at Im
l<=rial: D. Libbey is at St. Denis; B. H.
liussell and wjfe are at Vendome. "
From Los Angeles — W. Bayley is at
Manhattan: Mrs. J. S. Book Is" at Bar
aholdi; J. H. Johnson and R.' D.. Johnson
t-re at Park Avenue; A: G. Newton is at
Astnr. - ' .
From San Jo=e— W. F. Pickstone and
H. N. Thomas are at Marlborough.
From Kapa- T. Oliver is at .Broadway
Central. • -
B. Wood worth- of Rocklin Is at Hoffman.
LONDON. Jan. 2.— It has been ascer
tained that one of the three vessels re
ported at Cardiff by the captain of the
Norwegian bark Idun as having'found
ered during the gale of Friday in the
Bristol Channel was the Norwegian bark
Hovding from Newport, November 28, for
Maceio. She was of 440 tons net register.
Another of the vessels is believed to be
the Norwegian bark Tenax Propoeitl from
Newport, November 2S -for Paramaribo.
She was of 338 tons net register.
The British schooner Amelia Corkum,
Captain Myrdock. frcm Oporto, August
25 for Newfoundland, has been postel
at Lloyds as missing, having been finally
given up. - ¦*»
The British schooner Samuel Moss, Cap
tain Mably. from Ca-liz. August 19, for
St. Johns, N. P.; has been posted at
Lloyds as overdue. Nothing has been
heard of her since she sailed.
Sale of Pattl's Home.
Mm*. Adelina Pattl (Baroness* Rolf,
CederPtrom). confirms the report that she
is negotiating for the sale of Crag-y-Nos
Cattle her residence in Wales, and says
she desires to in future spend the summer
in her husband's country.
In response -to a request for her reason
In taking this action. Mme. Pattl has
sent a telegram as follows: .
"Wishing to epend the summer months
In Sweden, Crag-r-Nos, my summer resort
until now, would become of very little use
to m«" -PATTI-CEDBRSTROM."
For Criticising Government.
A Stockholm special sayB: General Borl
koff, Governor General of Finland, ' will
demand in the Finland Senate a more
stringent censure law. In order to prevent
the people from .criticising the Govern
ment. Private correspondence from Fin
land says Governor Borikoff is about to
remove 'five professors of Helslngfors Uni
versity for criticising the Government.
Marie Henrietta Is HI.
JA special from Brussels says: The
Etolle Beige announces that the health
of Queen Marie Henrietta has been- im
paired and that she suffers constantly
from bronchitis. The CJueen is quite weas
and she does not leave her bed for more
than a couple of hours each day. ,
Krug«r Has Bronchitis.
A special from The Hague says: Mr.
Kruger 1? suffering from a slight'.pttack
of bronchitis. While there is no anxiety
as to his condition ho Is obliged to keep
to his bed.
Must Live in Norway.
A Stockholm epeclal says: Captain Tor
kiLdwn has written a strong article, -.which
is published in the Nerwegian papers,
urging members of sill pari»es in the
Storthing to pass a law compelling the
King to live six months yearly in Norway.
Queen to Visit Cimiez.
It is offlciallv 'announced that Queen
Victoria has decided, unless something
unforeseen happens, to, visit Cimiez. in thg
soutb^ of France, in March or April.
Founder.
Norwegian Barks Hovding
and Ten^x Propositi
YORK, Jan. 2.— Miss Marga-
I ret Daly, eldest daughter of the
J late Marcus Daly of Montana,
vj was quietly wedded at noon to
day to H. Carroll Brown of Balti
more at the home of Jthe bride's mother
on Fifth avenue. On account of the re
cent death of the bride's father only the
LOSS OF SHIPS
DURING THE GALE
CASUALTY LIST
:¦ . FROM PHTLIPPTirES
"KaeArthur Sends Names of Men
Who Fell in Battle or Succumbed
to Disease.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2. -General Mac
iArthur's latest death, list from Manila
follows:- . ;
Dysentery— December 20, Company M,
Thirty-eighth Volunteer Infantry, Her
man P. Rechtelt: December 27, Company
1j. Forty-ninth Volunteer Infantry. Oliver
fi-mith; December 22, Troop D, Eleventh
¦Volunteer Cavalry: Prentls Sulten; De
fmbpr 7X, Troop E. Eleventh Volunteer
4'avaJry, Sergeant William P. Mynntt;
December 23, Company c r Seventeenth
Jnfantry, Oecrge Morgan; December 25.
"Troop M, Eleventh -Volunteer Cavalry,
t-'hest^r A. , .Marlthara; December 1, Com
ipaxxr M. Sixteenth Infantry. Hugh Flynn.
• All ether causes— December 15, Company
G. Forty-seventh Volunteer ¦ Infantry.
<"h?.rle« H. Williams: December 24. Troop
•I.. Third Cavalry, Corporal Ross r>. Bond;
I'ecember 27. Company L, Thirty-sixth
Volunteer Infantry. Samuel I*. Spreui;
T>ecemb^r IS, Company E. Sixteenth In
fantry. Samuel K.. Swearingen; Decem
ber 27. Company K. Seventeenth Infantry,
Jam*? R. fcSyon: December 22, Company
B. Thirty-third Volunteer. Tnfantry,
<Jeorge Brown.; December 24: Company D,
Third Infantry. Thomas J. McGuire; De
romher 25. Company -I, Thirty-third In
fantry. Sergeant Michael J. O'Brien; De
rombrr 23, Company L. Fourth Infantry,
<"orporal William O. Stevenson; Decem
ber 25. Company K. Thirty-fourth Volun-
Tf>er Infantry,. Khute Mas^/n; I>erenib«r
in. Company ; H, Fifteenth Infantry,
Thomas Welch.
CHANGES EXPECTED IN
BT. PATJL RAILWAY
will Mean Practically a Reconstrac
Directors.
tion of the Board of
NEW YORK.- Jari: 2.— Several changes in
the directorate of the St. Paul Railway
'Company were said to-day . by well
informed Interests in that property to be
the most important development Impend
ing in Its affairs. Current talk of a possible
lease of the company by the Oreat North
em and Northern Paciilo railroads' is not
regarded eerlous'y. although' directors and
others of the various properties and the
hanking interests will not definitely com
. rnit themselves further than to say that
;th*y have no knowledge of such a plan
end believe it to be impracticable.
Change* In the directory forming prac
tically a 'reconstruction of its membership
«re. however, fsaid to be under discussion.
It Is eald probably four and perhaps five
cireetors will shortly take their places In
the board.'.
. It is eald that brides President J. J.
Hill some of the new names will be Rob
ert James of Morgan & Co.; N B Ream
i of Chicago; cxf.outor of Pullman eFtate'
and J. Henry Smith, with possibly an
ether representative of the Rockefeller in
terest. At proRcnt the Morean Interest
is represented on the St. Pajil board onlv
by President Famucl Spencer, of the
Southern Hallway. •": • t
' SAX JOSE. Jan. 2.— William Roberts
alias "Liverpool Bill." died at the City
Prison at an early hour this . morning
from the effects of an extended spree and
exposure*. The "man was discovered In
a vacant lot at Locust and tel Dora/lo
etreets on the verge of delirium tremens
by Officer Plummer. He was placod in
the drunk reil wj*h another prisoner
named M^Drrmott.- Shortly after boinir
brought in .Roberts complained of cramps
and apkrd the nthor prisoner- to get him
some water. lie was' given water at in
tervale, and at 4 o'clock, when McDermott
pot up to see how Roberts was. he found
the man dead. An autopsy showed Rob
erts df^d from congestion of the lungs.
Murder at San Pedro.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 2.— Feoder Busch
a Danish sailor. "<vhile attempting to force
an entrace into a disorderly house In San
Pedro, was shot and instantly killed last
night. The fatal shot was fired through
the ctosed door at which Busch .was at
tempting to enter and Ftruck Busch in the
breast. A negro sailor named '.Theodore
Ulackwell was subsequently -arrested: but
the Coroner's Jury to-day acquitted him
on the strength of his alibi and the real
murderer i* still at large. . ... . ..
OFFICIAL REPORT OF
COMMISSIONER RYAN
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 2.— Frank ... D.
Ryan, Commissioner of Public Works, to
day submitted his official report to Gov
ernor Gage. The report contains a ' re
view of all the work done toward thejm
provement of the rivers, 1 etc:;" since he
assumed office. The commissioner an
nounces that besides the work already
done on the Sacramento and Feather
rivers, it is Intended during the approach-
Ing summer to give consideration to work
required on Napa RIverr.Tuolumne River,
P**taluma. Riv«»r and. Alviso Slough. -.-.-
It Is Fhown that w hen.the cornru:2st;«r«cr
assumed office on December f\ 1?S2, ¦ there,
wa* on -hand' $158.8?* 26. . . Tiicrc ha? since
been expended $53,376 S3, lea vinff a bal
ance on hand of $i53.G01 iZ,
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, JANUARY 3, 1901 .
MISS MARGARET DALY, ELDEST DAUGHTER OF THE LATE MON
TANA MILLIONAIRE. WHO WAS UNITED IN MARRIAGE TO H.
CARROLL BROWN AT NEW YORK.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 2.— All day. to-day the
directors of the Cured Fruit Association
and the : Packers' Company, considered
ways and means for lifting the stagna
tion in the prune market, and when they
adjourned for the day President Bond
said nothing: had been accomplished. The
directors will meet to-morrow morning, it
is believed some notion will then be taken,
possibly the allowance of a discount to the
lance Eastern buyers., equaling the- dif
ferentials to European exporters. .. v This,
some growers claim, will do away with
the antagonism of the Eastern menand
cause a buying of N prunes.
DILEMMA OF FRUIT
ASSOCIATION DIRECTORS
2
Professor edwarda.' ross.
WHO HAS BEEN ENGAGED
BY NEBRASKA UNIVERSITY.
The surest and safest treatment for any
form of Catarrh Is an Internal remedy
which acts specifically upon the b'ood and
mucous membranes. Such a remedy la
the new preparation sold everywhere by
druggists as Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, a
medicine in pleasant tablet form.
These tablets contain in highly concen-
trated form well known germ antiseptics
like sanguinarla, gualacol, Red Gum and
Bimirar curative elements, and no one who
suffers from any form of catarrh and
has experienced the inefficiency and In-
convenience of powders, sprays and inhal-
ers will ever go back to such antiquated
remedies after once trying so pleasant a
treatment as Stuart's Catatrh Tablets,
and one which gives so much relief In bo
short a time.
Druggists sell Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
at fifty cents for full elzed package, and
their dally use will effectually cure this
troublesome and dangerous disease.
The danger from. catarrh Is that It is a
short road to consumption, to chronic
stomach catarrh' and to catarrh of liver
and kidneys.
Most cases of deafness axe caused from
stoppage of the eustachlan tube as a re-
sult of catarrh.
Xocal Treatments for Catarrh B«le-
gated to the Rear. -
HAVE HAD THEIR DAY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
or the —
CONDITION AND VALUE
• —OF THE—
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
-
THE HIBERNIA.
SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY,"
; A CORPORATION, .J. J ;
And where said Assets are situated,
dated December 31, 1900. .'; .
. . .
" . ASSETS.
1— Promissory Notes and
the debts thereby secured,
the actual value of which
j 3 ¦ $22,304,253 12
The condition of said
Promissory Notes and
debts is as follows: They
are all existing Contracts,
owned by said Corporation,
and are payable to it at its
Office, which is situated at
the Corner of Market. Mc-
Allister and Jones Streets,
in the City and County pf
San Francisco. State of
California, and the pay-
ment thereof is secured by
First Mortgages on fleal
Estate within this State.
I Said Promissory Notes are
kept and held by said Cor-
poration at its satd Office,
which Is its principal
place of business, and said
Notes and debts are there
situated. . ,1 • •
2— Promissory Notes and *
the debts thereby secured,
the actual value of which
Is S5.000 00
The condition of said
Promissory Notes and
debts is as Yollows: They
are all existing Contracts, . : ,
owned by said Corporation,
and are payable to it at its
Office, which is situated as
aforesaid, and the pay-
ment thereof is secured by
"Park and Cliff Hous^
Railway Company 6 per
cent Bonds," "Market
Street Railway Company
First Consolidated Mort-
gage 5 per cent Gold
Bonds," the market value .
of all said Bonds beins:
$32,612 50. Said Notes are
kept and held by said Cor-
poration at Its said Office. "
and said Notes and Bond3
are there situated.'
3— Bonds of the United
States, the actual value of
which Is ..21,173.537 » r 3
The condition of said
Bonds Is as follows: They
belong to said Corporation,
and are kept and held by it
in Its own Vaults and are
there situated.
They are "Registered 4
per cent of 1907 ($18,000.-
000 00) and 4 per cent of
1925 ($1,000.000 00) and 3
per cent of 1908 ($500,000 00)
United States Bonds" and
are payable only to the or-
der of said Corporation.
4 — Miscellaneous Bonds, the
actual value of which is.... S.791.ol4 5»
The condition of said
Bonds Is as follows: They
belong to said Corporation.
• and are kept and held by it
In its own Vaults, and are
there situated. They are
"Market Street Cable Rail-
way Company 6 per cent
Bonds 00)." "Mar-
ket Street Railway Com-
pany First Consolidated
Mortgage 5 per cent Bonds
($287,000 00)." "Sutter Street
Railway Company 5 per
cent Bonds ($150.000 00),"
"Powell Street Railway
Company 6 per cent Bonds
($50,000 00)," "The Omnibus
Cable Company 6 per cent
Bonds ($82,000 00)," "Pre-
sidio and Ferries Railroad
Company 6 per cent
Bonds ($23,000 00)." "North-
ern Railway Company of
California 6 per cent Bond?
($467,000 00)," "San Fran-
cisco and North Pacific
Railway Company : 5 per
cent Bonds ($327,000 00)."
"Spring; Valley , Wattr
Works First Mortgage fi
per cent Bonds ($SS,-
000 00)," "Spring Valley
Water Works Second
Mortgage 4 per cent Bonds
($462.000 00)," "Spring Val-
ley Water Works Third
Mortgage 4 per cent Bonds
($533.000 00)." and "City of
San Luis Obisp^ 5 per cent
Bonds ($24,750 33)." '..:. ?
5 — Interest on Miscellaneous
Bonds accrued to January
1. 1901 76,366 5S
6 — (a) Real Estate situated
In the City and County of
San Francisco ($633,845 09).
and in the Counties of San-
ta Clara ($261,917 47). Ala-
meda ($149,597 45) and San
Mateo ($29,010 16), In said
State, the actual value of
which Is 1.074.370 17
(b) The land and build-
Ing in which said Corpora-
tion keeps Its said Office.
the actual value of which
Is 569,003 00
The condition of said •*-,* -
Real Estate Is that it be-
longs to said Corporation
and part of It Is produc-
7 — Proportion of Taxes for
the Fiscal Year 1900-1901
chargeable to next half
year : 84,501 55
8— Cash In United States
Gold and Silver Coin, be- .
longing to raid Corpora- 1 =» •.-.
tion, and In Its possession. ;• , - . ..;
and situated at its said' Of-
fice, ActuaTValue 1.607,733 02.
Total Assets .$50.666.338 92
LIABILITIES."""
1— Said Corporation owes
Deposits amounting to and
the actual value of which
13 $47,576,198 16
The condition of said De- ,V '"I'
posits is that they are pay- . .
able only • out of said As- . ' - "
sets and are fully secured
thereby.
2— Reserve fund. Actual
Value X.090.158.7?
Total Liabilities $50,666,356 93 „
The Hlbernia Savings and Loan So-*
clety.
By JAMES R. KEIjL-T. President. " ,
The Hlbernia Savings and Loan So-
ciety, -
By ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary. •
State of California. • 1 «i *
City and County of San Francisco^ J "*•
JAMES R. KELLY and ROBERT J.
TOBIN. being each separately duly
sworn, each for himself, says: That
said JAMES R. KELLY is .President,
and that said ROBERT J. TOBIN is >
Secretary of THE HIBERNIA SAV-*
INGS AND LOAN SOCIETY, the Cor-,
poratlon above mentioned, and that the
foregoing statement Is true.
JAMES R. KELLY, President. •'
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary. "
Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 2d day of January, 1901. '¦ <
GEO. T. KNOX, Notary Public ' *
In and for the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Ttk* laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
CrjiX'.rts refucd money if it fails- to cure. K.
vr. Grove'* denature is on each box. S5& •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f> ¦ Pr n nil ¦ I Corner Fourth and
unl L llUlnL. steam and l**"-
Will •» ¦•*# ¦ 114* , Bc^ overcoats and
. valises checked free
FREE ELECTRIC BELT OFFER
i^iW?.SMiMiiL*«'iff'- W1THTEMDAY SF«£IWlA»n8
j^WjjiKH»aS*MSKski t T«| Al In your own home, w»
JggQglOiSEiGaa i"*m* th« strain* ud
F^rnWlr^MMtf^tilP^l only UKlDSIXKEB iLTERJlT.
KftSSS55'r^S?TSj^U ISfiCVBBSS" ELECTRIC B1LTS
Mjffif^npjf nmriir to * ny r ** a * r ** tWs p*p* r -
most au'other «r»tn»n5. &«• wjw « «U •£*' •••£
Ma kclta. amUaaeM »¦<• r»«e*!»» ••'»• QUICK Cult for
disease*. ntknnM and disorder*. _Fo* eo ™P t^*?
KSedoSnlUtantUl cologne, «t ihl. »d «rt .-4 -.il t. -.
SEARS, ROEBUCK A CO., Chicago.
A great two-step by Eduard
Strauss, the waltz king, 1 will
j be given ? free With . next Sun-
day's Call. This is a gem— do
not fail to get it.Cargoes Waiting at San Diego for
-; Steamers Whose- Charters
. Have Been Released by
the Government. I
saloon, situated in that "section of this
city lenown as "Little Italy," and engaged
in. a game of cards. A ¦ discussion arose
as.tto the winner of the stakes -and the
proprietor put the pair, out of the place.
They went up the street, continuing their
altercation. When they reached the cor
ner of Jefferson and Sixth streets Officer
Ilankel saw Brush make a rush at Gio
vanni. T l|p latter tore a picket from the
feno<? ana struck his assailant on the
head and Brush fell. The offlcer hurried
to the spot and Giovanni ran back to the
Baloon and; through It.- hoping to find a
hldlnir place, but' he was found, and -ar
rested. ¦ Brush • was taken 'to the Jenner
Sanitarium,. where he died at 4:30 o'clock
this afternoon. ¦
The Coroner's Inquest over the body of
Brush, who was ¦ of Indian and Mexican
descent, "• was held this evening. The Jury
charged Giovanni wlth.his death.
The "following are the /officers elected:
Chairman. Augustus L." Tllden: 'first vice
chairman, Morris L,. Ascher: second vice chair
man, Edward M. Buckley; secretary, A. B.
Mahoney; treasurer. Max Goldberg.
All of these were elected without oppo
sition except Mahoney. John F. Mc-
Glynn was also nominated for secretary
On roll-call the vote stood 47 for Mahoney
to 21 for McGlynn.
.P. A. Bergerot, chairman of the last
convention, called the meeting to order
end John F. McGlynn was made tempo
rary secretary. Wergerot paid:
"There has been some doubt expressed
as to the legality of this committee, as
the amendment to section 1186 of the Po
litical Code provides * that county com
mittees ace to be chosen biennially. I
have secured legal advice from unbiased
attorneys and their opinion Is that In any
case the amendment, can apply only to
counties where elections are held biennial
ly, and not to those, like San Francisco,
that hold annual elections. • Further, the
amendment is undoubtedly unconstitu
tional, as the General Assembly has no
power to control by legislation the or
ganization of voluntary bodies."
"Bergerot was nominated for permanent
chairman by H. G. \V. -Dinkelsplel, but
he declined on the ground that honors
should be distributed. He said also:
"As simply a member of . this commit
tee I can maintain greater independence
than I can as its chairman." 1
Bergerot concluded ¦ by nominating Au
gustus L. Tllden for chairman. Nomina
tions were promptly closed and the secre
tary cast the ballot for Tllden. .
The other officers were elected with dis
patch most pleasing to Kelly. On motion
of P. A. Bergerot - the chair was instructed
to appoint a*'. committee on by-laws, to
consist of five members. .
Some said that a sergeant-at-arms
ought to be selected.. Max Goldberg ob
jected, asserting that all the members
of the committee were gentlemen who
knew how to. conduct themselves with
decorum. Two minutes later one of Gold
berg's gentlemanly fellow members -was
calling- a man who dared express his
opinion a liar and slugging him in truo
plug-ugly style..
The committee adjourned to meet again
at the call of the chair. ' • .
cotton platform as yet,. because the date
of the arrival of the first of the steamers
Is fust approaching. The : cotton , is baled
differently from any yet brought. in here
some ; of the bales being, round and the
rest almost square. The cotton is 'con
signed to ; Kobe .and \ to Yokohama. * The
report -comes that before the end of the
¦week ' 300O bales of ¦ cotton will ¦ be loaded
and on th« way from the Gulf line of the
Santa Fe to. this port. '
Other freight arrived for ¦ ship
menf.to the Orient « consists of canned
meats : and lard i for Shanghai, and two
tra.inloaOs of beer are expected within, the
rext two days. Two hundred cars of stee!
rails from South Chicago are loaded and
on the ".' way ; f or^ the lirst cargo out of
here, and that is only about a third of
t he order ' which , is ' to • be ' rushed ' from : the
South Chicago Rolling Mills to Japan
through :this >port. j
,--• The; steamship Hero,; which: has been
chartered by the; California and .Oriental
: people i because their own .boats "were In
the hands ; of •¦ the- Government;-: will be . the
flrststeamer to.arrIve.VShe has 1950 tons
of freight. to be discharged here, of which
260 tons are tea.'. Shewillbe in about the
middle.; of next .week. ¦
were Impatiently awaiting an opportunity
to speak to Boss Kelly and renew their
congratulations, the reporter did not
longer detain their chief.
KELLY'S WELL PREVAILED.
New Republican Committee Organ
izes by Electing- His Can
didates.
The Republican County Committee
chosen by authority of the Kelly-Criiu
mins County Convention met last night
at Shiels Hall and effected . permanent
organization. The Kelly programme
went through without a hitch, the only
delay being caused by a lack of a ma
jority of the committee until nearly 9
o'clock.
One© the meeting was called to order,
Martin Kelly, who was personally en
gineering the organization, saw to it that
business was hurried along so that he
might be free to devote all of his atten
tion to the caucus of the San- Francisco
legislative delegation, at the Palace
Hotel, in the interests of Pendleton's tight
for the Speakersljlp.
The one-man ivho- # protested against
Kelly's slate and. questioned the Republi
canism of one of the officers-elect wa3
called a liar and knocked down for his
pains. L. A. Rea of the Forty-fourth As
sembly District arose after the election of
officers was completed ajid said:
"Gentlemen, If you men are good Re
publicans I am not ar.d ought not to be
here. You have elected as first vice chair
man a man who Is not a Republican. It
Is a shame for this committee to choosa
him. for the office. He Is no more a Re
publican than Christopher, Buckley."
E. J. Morris of the Forty-second Assem
bly District, a faitHful henchman of:Kel
ly's, sprang up from his chair in front of
Rea, shouted. "You're a liar," and struck
Rea a blow on the chin that sent him in
a heap on the floor, back against the wali.
Those sitting near Interfered to prevent
further hostilities and the •committee at
once adjourned.
The first vice chairman elected was Mor
ris L. Ascher, but Rea meant to refer to
"Eddie" Buckley, elected as second vice
chairman. ;%- ; i r ~i';\
valuable lessons and I tell you now that
he consulted me in all of his important
political movements."
Boss Kelly was- told that neither Hig
gins nor Buckley had ever won a victory
surpassing the achievements of Pendlfe
•ton s indorsement ar.il the organization of
the County Committee, and was again
asked to tell the public how the battles
"The County Committee," \sald Boss
Kelly, "was organized practically when
the resolution creating it was adopted by
the convention. The tight was won in the
organization of the convention. The rest
was plain sailing."
The reporter then asked: ".Can you
trust in the I^egiolature the Assembly
men who accepted your orders to-night
to indorse Mr. Pen«ll<?ton for Speaker?"
"I see no reason why I cannot trust
therg in the legislature. Yes, I believe
Penuleton will be elected Speaker. I have
known him for some time and am familiar
with his career In the Legislature. He
¦will pick up votes outside of San Fran
cisco. Some of the boys in Los Angeles
who formerly lived here are making his
light in the south. The Llewellyn boys
who lived here in the city and worked in
the ¦ factory are for him. The country
members will not desert the combination
of IMS Angeles and San Francisco.. It Is
my observation that interior members of
the Legislature await city action and then
combine with the forces showing the
greatest strength. They prefer the crea
tion of a nucleus."
In regard to the ability of his lieuten
ants several inquiries were addressed to
the boss:
"What sort of an understudy is John
C. Lynch?" was asked.
Boss Kelly replied: "He Is bright and
active and promises to get on very well."
"What of Jere Burke s qualifications?"
was the next question.
The boss replied: "Burke Is not as able
as Lynch, but he Is shrewd and cunning.
These qualities make him useful in poli
tics."
In the course of the Interview Boss
Kelly remarked: "In this contest for the
Speakershlp Herrln had no part. I man
aged the fight in my own way and he
made no suggestions whatever."
As many of the Assemblymen and sev
eral chief figures of the political push
BOSS MARTIN KELLY LOITERING IN THE COURT OF THE PALACE HOTEL. WAITING TO HEAR THE RE
r . .. SULT OF THE CAUCUS OF THE SAN FRANCISCO DELEGATION WHICH HE HAD ORDERED HELD TO IN
DORSE PEXDLETON FOR THE SPEAKERSHIP.
DETEBMmED TO STAMP . : -
OUT VICE IN SEATTLE
Ciam.bc r of Commerce Committee In-
sists TJpoa Action by
Officials. .
' BEATTLE, Jari. 2.— The committe* of the
Chamber of Commerce appointed" a week
e^o. to confer 'with Mayor Humes' and
Chief of Police Meredith on. the necessity
lor more vigorous enforcement • of the
law* against criminals reported .to the
main body at the regular meeting this
aliemoon. At its own request the com
mittee was cor.Wnued until, as was stated
at the meeting, f "the. city authorities give
tubstajitial -evidence, that pledges of re
iorm would be carried out."
Major Hurii.es agreed to do all in his
power to slop the carrilval 6t crime in
this, city, but at the para© time would not
egre* to cny step affecting present con
ditions beyond the appointment of ten
emergency policemen. Chief Meredith
claimed to be doing everything possible
v-"Uh the limited force at his command.
The committee recommended that the City
Council be appealed to for relief by legis
lation. It was pointed out, however, that
the laws n'ow on the city statute books
ere ample to cover every existing need,
ail that is desired being proper enforce
ment.
The Chamber of. Commerce to-day
adopted resolutions demanding a perma
r.ryt increase in. the police force and the
ji.-)»sn£r#? of a-n ordinance absolutely pro
};-KTin?? si<Je entrances and private apart
ment.!? in saloons. ' • "
Found Dead in tlie Brush.
PT"AN'vmLE. " Jan. 2.— r>aplel Stark.
tatter of Dav v id Stark, a blacksmith, left
here one tveeS ago last Sunday for Secret
Valley, 50 miles distant, to visit his
c!a*j£-htpr. Mrs. Hennlng. Ac he did hot
rr*<~h hi5 destination, srarchir.g parties
wfre pent out- On Monday his body was
discovered In some brush. He evidently
had lighted a fire and gone to the brush
for wood to replenish It- ' Being old and
¦weak, he had fallen; striking his temple.
Hi? hands were badly lacerated and his
body bruised.. Etark was 75 years old.
OSS MARTIN KELLY is in the
saddle, riding roughshod over all
opposition. Higgins and Buckley
in their palmiest days of power
never received greater adulation
than was bestowed on Kelly last
night by the admiring push of San Fran
cisco.
• Boss Kelly won the signal victories last
night. He organized the new County
Committee to suit himself, placing in th«
chair a trusted henchman, and filling the
position of secretary with a man who will
call the roll when the boss gives the or
der. The. new secretary's fidelity to the
boss was tested in the B"nai B'rith Hall
convention.
His second achievement last night was
the rounding up of the Republican As
eembly delegates of San Francisco to in
dorse C. W. Pendleton for the speaker
ghlp. Some time was consumed In get
ting his forces consolidated at the Palace
Hotel, as a detached squad was hotly en
gaged in Shlels Hall in executing the
boss' programme of County Committee
organization. Ultimately this thirteen,
an unlucky number, assembled in the
room of the Republican State Committee
and proceeded to business. According to
the programme entrusted to "Colonel"
Brady, who boasts that he did not gain
his title by fighting for his country', the
bunch organized by electing Arthur G.
Flsk chairman and W. J. Gullfoyle sec
retary.
There must have been some hitches in
the movement to indorse Pendleton, as
Kelly waited for more than an hour in
the court of the Palace Hotel to hear the
result of the conference. He did not en
tertain, however, the slightest doubt as
to the outcome, but was somewhat sur
prised at the delay. In the waiting throng
were Boss Kelly's lieutenants, John C.
Lynch and Jere Burke. -The understudies
betrayed agitation, but the chief was
calm. "Whiskers" Smith, late of the
water front; "Kddie" Conroy and ex-As
semblyman Richard Joined the boss at In
tervals.
The caucusing Assemblymen were:
C. R. Franklin. Twenty-eighth District: J. F.
Collins, Twenty-ninth District; John J. Hourl
gan. Thirty-first District; \V. J. Evatt. Thlrty
eecond District; John Butler, Thlrty-thtnl Dis
trict; E. D. Knight, Thirty-fourth District; E.
F. Treadwell. Tlilrty-flfth District; \V. J. Gull
foyle; Thlrtr-slxth District; Arthur G. Fisk.
Thirty-B^venth District; F. D. Macbeth. Thirty
ninth District; L. A. Henry, Forty-second Dis
trict; M. W.. Brady, Forty-third District;
George C. Brown. Forty-fifth District.
The leader of the bunch, "Colonel Mar
tin Brady of the Forty-third District, an
nounced the result to the boss and escort
.cd him and all the Assemblymen to the
barrocm of the Grand Hotel, opposite the-
Vaiace, on New Montgomery street. Be
fore lining up at the- bar and -celebrating:
the triumph in liquid salutes* the Assem
blymen and the loitering push surrounded
Boss Martin Kelly, the central figure of
the exultant group, and congratulated
him on his double victory. Presently C.
W. Pendleton, the- Indorsed, entered the
barroom from the Grand Hotel office and
was received with cordial demonstrations.
"Here comes Cornie," was the cry. and
Mr. Pendleton acknowledged the compli
ments extended him. ; The meeting of
Boss Kelly and Pendleton was extremely
cordiaL The boss maintained his position
in the center of the stage and Pendleton
went- forward to pay his respects to the
political chieftain. The sight of the in
dorsed and the indorser evoked enthusi
asm. of drinks followed, and
presently Assemblyman Butler, thrilled
by the spectacle, saw future victories and
called' "Three cheers for Pendleton-, our
next Governor." Boss Kslly smiled at
the premature announcement and gazed
at John C Lynch and Jere Burke. In the
throng there was no happier countenance
than the one worn by "Kddle" Conroy.
After all the Joyful throng had extend
ed their congrautlatlons to Kelly and
Pendleton the boss was disengaged for a
few minutes. A Call reporter saw the
opportunity for an interview with Kelly,
and going forward said to the bc«s:
"As all hats are taken off to you to
night in honor of your victory, tell me
how you accomplished the result."
"That would be a long story," remark
ed the boss, "but In a general way it can
be said that I succeeded because I knew
the' men to trust. I have lived in San
Francisco for many, many years. I am
reminded that Colonel Burns once sa'd
to me that his chief discouragement in
politics was the failure of men to keep
their sacred pledges. He asked me how
It happened that I was not deceived in
the same way. I told him it was very
6imple. I said to him, 'Colonel Burns,
you are a strang-er, comparatively. In
San Francisco. I have lived here . many
years and grown up with- the people. I
do not give my confidence to a man un
less I know that he can be trusted.' I
received that instruction from Mr. Hig-
gins." •
Speaking of the renowned boss. "William
HIggins. Martin Kelly said: "Mr. Hig
g-lns was a truthful man. You. could de
pend on his word, lie gave mo many
MURDER FOLLOWS
DRUNKEN QUARREL
OVER A CARD GAME
Morello Giovanni; Beats Henry Brush
to Death With a Fence
Picket at , Santa
In the Barroom of the Grand Hotel the Boss and His Push, Flushed
and Indisereet in the Vietory Gained, Nominate Peridleton,
Their Choice for Speaker, for the Position of Governor.
SANTA ROSA. Jan. 2.— As the result of
a quarrel having: its orii?ln in the. bellicose
exuberance of a New -Year's night spree
the body of Henry Brush lies- at the
morgue and Morello Giovanni is '•', in the
city prison, with a* -charge of murder
against him. " Giovanni beat Brush- to
death with a fence picket..
The two men entered the Blue Wing
¦¦'•"¦"• — ~ ' ¦ *
He Swings the Lash Upon the San Francisco Delegation, Compels
V It to Indorse Pendleton, and Boasts /That He Will. Handle Ou^
Legislators at Saerament6-~Seenes That Are Most Disgraceful.
MARTIN KELLY FORCES ASSEMBLYMEN
AND COUNTY COMM ITTEEMEN TO COMMIT
A DISHONORING POLITICAL OFFENSE
SPOKANE, Jan. 2.— James Grant, a
stonemason of Spokane, to-day obtained a
writ of habeas corpus in the Superior
Court to regain his three-year-old child,
piedged a year ago for payment of a debt.
The child's mother died after a long ill
ness, during which Grant became In
debted to C. E. Johnson, a business man.
To secure the debt Grant turned his child
over to Johnson, at the same time agree
ing to pay a stated amount In addition for
the child's food, clothing -and care. He
agreed that the Johnsons should keep the
child until the debt was paid.
Recently Johnson disposed of his inter
ests here, preparatory to removal to
Sweden, his former home. Grant asked
him to leave the little one, promising 16.
repay him as soon as he could. Johnson
refused, saying that .unless the debt were
paid prior to his departure from Spokane
ho "would take the baby -with him.
The father appealed to Sheriff Charles
Colo and habeas corpus proceedings re
sulted. The case will be heard by Judge
L. H. Prather on Friday.
Three- Year-Old Youngster Given to
a Merchant as Security for a
' Customer's Indebt-
edness.
¦ _-, j
Special Dispatch to The Call.
QUEER TERMS -OP A CONTRACT
SUES FOR BABE
HELD AS PLEDGE
BY A CREDITOR
Spokane Stonemason De
mands the Return ol
:• HisCbild.
SANTA BARBARA. Jan. 2.— The body
of Major Thomas R. Gregg was depdsited
In the receiving vault at Mont eel to Cem
etery to-day with military honors. Majo*
Gregg' passed away on Monday in Huen
eme, of heart failure. He was a major
of the Fourth Cavalry until ill health
forced his resignation. For a time he
was associated with local bankers before
removing to Husneme, where he was
cashier of a bank. He was an Intimate
friend ot Senator Bard. Major Gregg waa
67 years of age, a native of Pennsylvania
and leaves a wife and daughter.
• — : — ••¦¦:
Mr3. Bulkley Sues for Divorce.
STOCKTON. Jan. 2.-The fortune of J3i>.
000, which is coming to Howard Bulkier/
of this city, has already been tied up. His
wife, formerly Chloe Stlmpson, ha*
brought suit for divorce and ask3 for a
division of the property. She succeeded
fh getting an injunction from the court
commanding Bulkley not to dispose of
any part of his wealth or to In cumber It
in any way.
Buried With Military Honors.
SEATTLE. "Jan. 2.— The steamer
Dirlgo of the Alaska Steamship Com
pany, which sailed from this port last
•week for Skaguay, collided with an Ice
berg on the morning, of December 2S in
Castineaux Channel, below Juneau, and
had a narrow escape from destruction.
Her stem was badly shattered below tli>3
water line, resulting In the springing of
a leak. The news was brought clown by
the Victorian.
The Dirigo was on her way to June.iu
when tbe accident occurred. It was still
dark and she was going ahead under full
steam when she struck the Iceberg, abcut
twenty miles off Treadwell. She con
tinued on to Juneau, hardly losing any
time on acount of the accident, and wa3
temporarily repaired at that place. She
wa? to have sailed for Seattle, via Sitka.
on the morning of December 13. ¦.•:.'.*: :
STEAMER. DIRIGO AND
ICEBEKG IN COLLISION
Alaska-Bound Craft Has a Narrow
Escape From Destruction
Off Treadwell.
VISALJA, Jan. 2.— Bishop Saragian,
chief representative of the Armenian
church in the United States, will arrive
in Visalia to-morrow and spend several
days in Tulare County. He comes with
the expectation of establishing an Arme
nian colony, which means the possible
sale of 5000 or 6000 acres of land and the
incoming of several hundred citizens.
TULABE COUNTY COLONISTS.
Armenian Bishop Plans the Estab
lishment of a Settlement.
at Union into the Alpha wreck, it devel
oped that the steamer lost two and a half
hours by her machinery beating; and as
she then axrlv%d at the entrance to Baynea
Sound after dark and in a sale, both
mates asked the captain not to- attempt
to make the entrance. Although he had
no pITet, or had never brought a vessel in
at night, the master refused to listen to
them.
The Jury in its verdict found that tha
dead had lost their lives by accidental
drowning, but the Jury were of the opin
ion "(1) That proper r>uns was .not taken
to have a reliable chart on board: (2>
That as none of. the officers had ever
brought a ship into Union at night — also
considering the roughness of the weather
—it showed gross carelessness on the part
of the captain to attempt to enter the
channel without a pilot: (3) "We conclude
that the first and. second officers did their
utmost to dissuade the captain from the
course he pursued' and acted to the best
of their ability in saving life after the
vessel struck the rocks."
Jury Declares the Loss of the Steam
ship to Have B;en Due to ; 'j
Carelessness.
VICTORIA, Jan. 2.— At the Inquest held
CAPTAIN TO BLAME
FOR ALPHA DISA.STEB
B^eciaJ X>l£7a.tdi to Tt>« Call
REDWOOD CITY, JsSl 2. — Three
Chinese. Ah Sam, Ah Ting: and Ah Hop,
came to their death' 'under peculiar cir- <
Eunistances upon the ranch of D. O. Mills '
Rt Millbrae last night. The Chinese oc- :
cupied a small, room on the ranch. This
morning they .were found dead In their j
bunk, their demise evidently having r»
eulted from asphyxiation. " ;;•-"
It Is believed the.' Mongolians used a
coal ell can for a 6tove.-nlling.lt with
charcoal, which was burned to warm their
room. This morning Foreman A. S. Beatle
noticed that the .men were not. at work
ar.d upon investigating found several
Chinese in the room of ih/rir- unfortunate
countrymea attempting to resuscitate
them with a bicycle- pump t>y forcing air
into -their lungs. ....
Coroner James Crowe wai notified and
with his deputy and several others went
to the scene.' They -attempted to remove
the dead men. but were resisted by the
Chinese present, who numbered- fifteen or
••Iwenty. "Die Coroner then telephoned to
gah Mate© tor Constable -Washer and his
deputies and after their ¦ arrival the
Chinese closed and. ttarricatied the doors.
The Mongolians wanted the bodies to be
loft there until tomorrow, claiming that
the' -men were Dot dead and would awaken
by that time. By-force the bodies were
taleeji away r.nd brought vo the :Morgue,
Coroner Cruwe called a jury and the in
quest will be held on Saturday. A num
ber of Chinese, who claim .to be relatives
of the ricaU men. are here to-njght and
•will remain, insisting that the three are
not dead. •' • ' .
Charcoal Fumes Suffocate the Trio
end Other Coolies Vainly Try to
Hesuscitate Them With.
Bicycle Pump. ' ' . •
DSE COAL OIL CAN FOR STOVE
Peculiar Tragedy on Rancn
) "': M% 0. Mills at
Milllpe.
THREE CHINESE
MEET DEATH BY
ASPHYXIATION
THE ' SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ THURSDAY. JANUARY 3, 1901.
Bockefeller's Grandchild Bead.
. NEW.TORK,: Jan. 2.— The "¦. two-year-old
son of- Mra. : Harold McCormlck, who Is a
daughter of John D. Rockefeller, died to
day In Tarrytown of scarlet fever.
FREIGHT POURS IN
FOR SHIPMENT TO
ORIENTAL PORTS
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 2.— The yards of. the
Southern California Railroad, are filling
with freight Jfrom the 'East fori the^Ori
ental. steamers -which have jbeen 1 released
from • their* charters : with the Government
and ,,wlll soon be . coming in "A
train of cotton arrived -early, this • morn
inc, bu^ : will not be discharged ; on the
3
It is now. up to the Repub
lican Assembly of California
to decide 'whether Boss Mar
tin Kelly shall designate the
Speaker, appoint the standing
committees and organize that
branch of the Legislature, or
•whether the representatives of
.the Republican party "shall
perform these duties. Boss
Kelly commands that C. W.
Pendleton ' shall be chosen
Speaker. "Will the 'Republican
party of California in tho
afterglow of 40,000 majority
for WilliJ»"u McKinley take
orders .orn Boss Martin
ADVERTISEMENTS. . .
; ¦ :
" Pain in the head and back " is a form
of suffering with which so .many women
ere familiar. ¦ Often this pain is.asso-
ciated with' •nervousness',, sleeplessness
end loss of appetite. ' The cause of such
suffering is generally to be traced to
derangement of the womanly functipn,.
or a diseased condition of the delicate
woraaalv organs. . ' . '
In such cases the action 01 Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription is marvelous in
the prompt relief of pain and permanent
care of disease. It regulates the peri-
odic function, dries disagreeable drains,*
heals inflammation and ulceratiqn, and
enres feniale weakness. It cures when
all other means have been tried in vaiu.
Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce, by letter, free. All correspond-
ence is held as strictly' private and
sacredly confidential. Address Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
• In a little over thirty years Dr. Pierce,
assisted by his staff of nearly a score of
physicians, has cured more tfian- half a
million -women. ."j .-; •" " •
"I wa» ft great TOfftrcr for six veare and doc-
tored all the time with a number of different
t>bvs'ciaas, but did not receive any benefit,"
WObtt Mrs. George Soptisii, or 641 Bond* Street,
f*.einaw (Souths. Mich. "One day es I was
readiaj a P^V^ * saw ywnr acTertisenient, and,
filth oa"h I had gir«;n up all hope of evef getting
tx-tter. tho-Jjht I would write tb you. When I
T rr~\v+-i j-our letter, tellinj: me what to do, I
cntsnnctd to take 5 -crar -Favorite I^escrip-
. ticra' and foIloTT your advice. I hare taken ten.
bottles in fill,.. ol»o fivc vial* of Che 'Pleasant
Pellets • Atn now reffnlar after hanag mjs^ed
two rears and saSered with pain in the head
en& baclt. I was *o nervous, could not eat or
- sleep. ' Now I thanit you for ray recovery,"
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure bil-
iousness. ;
•Rft Hoffmanettes £n
yv Gigar, , JU
. THE HILSON CO.. flickers. N. V.
K.LZ, SALLEfi ft CO., Distributer*. Eta /raaeliee.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For tho cure of GONORRHOEA, G.LEETS.
FTUICTiriiKS and anal jg-ous complaints of the
Orfrans «>f <i«nf»ratlon.
1'ri t il a. bottle. Fcr sale by dru^Kists.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE" DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
exeat Mexican remedy; rlve« health and
• atr*n«rtb to sexual organs. Depot. S3 Market.
Thousands Have Kidney Trouble
and Don't Know it.
How To Find Ottt.
¦ Filla botile or common glass with yout
water ahd let it stand twenty-four hours; a
t . r»v, ,.—>. sediment or set-
Jmr^jj P~*!^ tling Indicates an
W^^P^^dt] your linen u
Qt&[\\yjS\J (fj evidence of kid-
ff. TiLLJr** ne^ trouble; too.
/^*^* ji> .Sequent desire to '
. T&ss cr P^in in
"'"'"" the back is also
convincing proof that the kidneys and blad-
der are out of order.-* .•":-
What to Do.
There Is comfort In the • knowledge so
often expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, tho great kidney remedy fulfills every
wish In curing rheumatism, pain In the
back, kidneys, liver, bladder and every part
of the urinary passage. It corrects Inability
to hold water' and scalding pain in- rassing
it, or bad effects following use of'liqucr,
wins or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day, and to get up many times
during the night. ! The mild tnd tht extra-
ordinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its won-
derful cures of the most distressing cases.
If you need a medicine you should have ths
best. Sold by druggists in 50c. and$l. sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of this
wonderful discovery f£~ r tf r *L
and a bock that t-iisrfJ^gg^S^H^j
more about it, both sent K&j^SHlljSf &jgS
absolutely free by mail.
Address Dr. Kilmer. & nom« of s«nunp.Root.
Co., Binghamton, N. Y. When writing men-
tion reading this generous offer in *his paper.
DE. XTLBEEB'S SWAMP-SOOT.
|||jp^retires fron\-b\ismess^^^^P
ftfji;j The Komfbrt retires from business forever just as h£$
§J<1 soon as the stock of shoes is sold. To have a quick v|?
B^rj sale the prices have been cut down to the very %%,
tt&jSJ lowest possible figure. '.
ffc^j Shoes for everybody at the smallest of prices.. £/
S^a j y t^ v0 or res P a * rs — it will pay you greatiy. "#i
f&jj Seethe bargains in the windows — every thing goes, .
P^t Sale starts this morning. g£
pi -Men's ' 'Ladies'' f§
|V*8 ' Men's calf shoes irr lace or , Ladies' cloth and kid too j *Js
W*Z$ congress, with sinjrle. or ?Il0C s m lace or button, sold fc-'^J
Wm double soles, formerly $2..=;o to formerly at $2.$o to foso, £.V
»V(1 $300 a pair, now cut to marked down now to v
P| ' ¦ si.65 $i-85 ;-:.:; m
8. -3^8 To see the shoe is to see Bargains such as. these war-
fi£l : || M lc k'K value — to see is to buy. rant your callinc earlv at the ¦•;*..'¦
ftjv»fi " Men's seal shoes in lace or sale, as they will sro auick. .-"v.i
jivVj! gaiters," the water-proof, kind. Ladies' hand turned shoes, tp
J£*v'|! now reduced to . \ • with French heels. -fine, elc- \#
fi^B ' -C^ f\(\ gant dress shoes in the height 5fc-
I'^tl -. *PA*U\J of style, regularly $4.00 shoes, \fp,
M| We have always jraaranteed no > v selHn *J; 5 * . *j&
I *:£§ these shoes by offerinsr a new '. §2.O"> - ',•¦**
\ 'Vlvj pair free if the customer is ¦ *^ . •^>
fM dissatisfied. This is one of the best values '&
:^.j| Mens fine hsrht Vici shoes. o f the saJe; . to set a pair of A-
•&ja e °°L d dress shoes - soId before these shoe? you mnst come V
Oj| at $3.50, sellins out price, the first week, sure.' ' *"£
fel $2 15 • Ladics ' so . ft caIf * oIf b^s. J&
-Jf/M T- '\ ;- Wlt h extension soles, reduced , ;f£
fei The Komfort enioved a dis- from $3.50 to . |5
2 :."»¦¦¦. I tinct reputation for selling -. Ci | C . ¦ "y,"
Vj'j.% a very satisfactory shoe for .* px '*. IC *. "?£
$••'.>$ $ 3 J a , . 1f ¦. I J«*t the shoes for . trolf or
ffv^iJ Boys satm calf shoes— very rainy-day skirts: Our supply *K
8-tNoj strong ones for school or after i s limited. ' vV.
ifel seta? 1 - ;~1 ¦ Children's and misses* calf ft*
K-38 s ! zes *> *9'« S 1 ' 00 shoes in lace or button.'- B|)
S'^3 " sizes i.V/S to 2.... 1.0.:; * sizes 6 to 8 ...8^c hV
**J Tu lzes i K * to 5 Y*~ II5 X sizes 8^ XI q^c M
ffr^'j These shoes will wear a.s >izes nj^ to $11^ • >V
8^1.' ) vel! a ? -show ordinarily sold These sho'es 'were" formerly -?I*
l^j • for twice the price. $1.25, $1.50 and $1.75.
frfif .Felt goods and slippers fcr men, women and children. S5v
B»;^j . prices down to almost nothing. Bargain tables of shoes full ot ?g
R : ij,f ' tempting offers. £r£-
K^-'jL- Store closes at 6 P. Ul. , ?£*>
y| yo^t- Market St . ft,.JOCKEY JOHN BULLMAN, WHO
RECEIVES A BIG RETAINING
FEE. - V-
Bullman should- be able to stUI furthar
enhance his-repUtatlon.
~\ : •
JOCKEY LESTER REIFF, WHO
ARRIVED HERE YESTERDAY
.FROM ENGLAND. *
Probable Winners.
First Hace— Screenwell Lake, 'Flatterer. Dan
dy Jim.
Second Race — Parmenion, Alturas, Good
Hope.
Eixth Rac»-One and an eighth miles; four
year-olds and up; selling:
1581 Morlnel • 17 1574 Campus 88
¦H-r; Lena ........... 97 15S5 Kssence 90
1568 Dona tor 85 (13Sl>Opponent 95
CHICAGO. Jan. 2,-Secretary J. J. Fitz
gerald of the International Boiler
makers* Union to-day received a dlppatch
from Champion James J. Jeffries In which
letter he declines to fight in the big
building at Cincinnati because it was
built by non-union labor. " I •¦ - •
Jeffries ts a. member of the International
Boiler-makers', Union and ', has always
been proud of the fact that he still holds
a working card in that craft. The boiler*'
makers of Cincinnati are affiliated with
the Building Trades Cquncll of that city.
When the Building Trades Council placed
a boycott on the building Jeffries was
called upon, as all other union men were,
to observe the spirit of the boycott. The
telegram, merely stated that ... . Jeffries
would not flght In the building a* long
as the Cincinnati unions had a grievance
against tho managers. .
at Cincinnati.
Hefuses to Fight In the Big Building
JEFFBLES TB.UE TO UNIONISM.
CANTON. Ohio, Jan. 2:— Loudon Camp
bell of Plttsburg was knocked out In eight
rounds by Art Blmms of Akron to-night;
Campbell Knocked Out.
Results at New - Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 2.— Results:
One mile, selling— Gracious won, Patchwork
second. Valdea third. Time, 1:63. .
One mile. Belling-— Georf?e Lee won, Georga
B. Cox second, Caatlne third. Time, 1:62.
One mile and a quarter— Albert Vale won,
Twin Cupid second. False Lead third. Time
2:234.
Handicap, dt furlongs— Alpaca won, Boom-
second, Ed Gartland third. Time, l:20vi.
Seven furlongs. Belling— Horseshoe- Tobacco
won, Henry of Kritri txu mar second, ¦ Kducat<*
third. Time, l:35Vi-
Six furlonirs. Belling— Scrivener won, ¦ Mid
summer second. Tom Collins third. Time,
The "National Sporting Club will give Its
flret exhibition on the 18th inst George
Byers of Boston, and Jack Root of Chi
cago mJddlewelghtB, will be the principals
In the chief event on the programme.
The other fight will be between Otto
Cribb and Charles Thurston.
Root will arrive in this city to-day.
Byers Is expected on the 4th inst. Both
men will go Into training at once.
Thurston and Cribb were matched for a
$300 purne, winner to take all. The con
ditions are that contestants shall weigh
34j pounds at 3 p. m. on the day- of the
right. Marquis of Queensberry rules will
prevail.
Their January Meeting.
FIBST FIGHTS OF THE
TWENTIETH CENTURY
National Sporting Cluh managers
Announce Two Good Events for
KANSAS CITY, Jan.; 2.— Twenty-five
thousand tons of common .' salt purchased
In Lisbon, Portugal,. have been- contracted
for, by the Armour Packing Company of
this, city./ '"We: found, that; prices! have
gone* steadily , up ;on account . of the salt
trust," " said the 'n company's v purchasing
agent; to-day, "and so we wentloutside
this i country for ': our 4 : salt; '.^Twenty-five)
carloads of, the shipment . are ¦ already -. on
the read ~. and ¦. thirty-five ;' additional ; car
loads will follow soon."
Buy Salt Abroad.
¦WASHINGTON. . Jan. 2.— Secretary
Long has not accepted the bill creating
a naval reserve prepared and submitted
to him by the general board of which
Dewey Is chairman. Instead he has sent
to the Senate and House a bill which has
been strongly advocated by -.the depart
ment for . several sessions and he intends
to urge its passage.
It is understood that the bill of the gen
eral board will be introduced, and if Con
gress calls for. the views of offloere^th©
board will express itself In favor of the
measure it has prepared and against the
Secretary's' bill. --. -- '-¦: •¦¦:-* :
The general .-hoard prepared : the bill
without Instructions'from, the department,'
and it will be : a surprise to the officials
when submitted. The main difference be
tween the measures Is that the " general
board authorizes, a bounty tO':be : paid:to
members of the reserve, while that advo
cated by Secretary Long 1 contains no such
feature. . :..
Recommends a Measure WTiich : Has
Been Advocated by the Depart
. ment for Several Sessions.
TROT..N. Y., Jan. 2.— Jack Hamilton of
this city to-night posted ' a. forfeit and
Issued a challenge to flght Terry Mc-
Govern before the- Crescent Athletic Club
In Hartford. Conn., on February 22. The
offer is also open to Benny Yanger. the
"Tipton Slasher," If McGovern declines.
- - • »
LONG OPPOSES THE
NAVAL RESERVE BILL
Challenges McGovern.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. 2.— James H.
Hardy, a well-known attorney and real
estate dealer of this city, filed a petition
In bankruptcy to-day. His liabilities are
placed at $213,551; assets, $12,400.
Bankrupt Attorney.
daughter some time this week. '
Lieutenant Colonel French has made an
enviable record In Chicago. When he ar
rived here he found a $30,000 debt hanging
over the corps. He has paid off the whole
of it and now goes to the coast to wipe
out the $12,000 debt there. He Is a popular
officer and beloved by all his soldiers and
the public at large. His wife shares his
popularity. • .^
to $7,758,580, of which $4,576,637 was gold
and |&,2S8,5oo silver and $301,328 minor
coins.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HICAGO, Jan. 2.— Lieutenant Ool
fi^ onel George French, who is in
(I . charge of the Salvation Army
\^7-work in this city, has been noti
fied that he Is to take command
of the Pacific Coast division of the army,
vice Lieutenant Colonel William -Evans,
who goes to New England. He will start
for San Francisco with his wife and little
Annual Coinage Statement.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2.— Tho yearly
coinage statement of the Director of the
Mint shows that the total coinage of the
mints of the United States was $137,599,
401, as follows: Gold, $59,277,942; silver,
$36 295,321: minor coins. $2,031,138. Of the
silver coined $24,960,912 was in standard
dollar*. iThe December coinage amounted
KASER CROSSES
THE LINE FIRST
• «
BOSTON, Jan. 2.— "With but three Inches
to spare Kaser, the German, crossed, the
finish line In the lead in the last mile of
the day of racing at Park Garden Square.
Bobby Walthour, the Southerner, was his
closest competitor, and the last man In
the front lot was not ten yards In the
rear. The distance at the end of the day
was £82 miles 4 laps.
The day brought one retirement, that of
Gouffo Hz, which was expected last night.
His leg will be In splints for a week or
two. There were no bad falls during the
day, and the riders seemed to be, in good
condition. Little Joe Downey's' showing
has been surprising. Fischer also did
heroic work. Few gpHls and easy g-olng
made a quiet day.
The thirtieth hour scores at the finish
of the third day were as follows: Kaser
Walthour, McLean, McEachern, Stlnson,
Downey and Fischer, each 582.4; Babcock
GSL7: Muller, C72.2. . '
German Leads; in the Cycle
Race by a few
Inches.
A. X>eckE!man'B Snapshot;. H. A. Deckelman f s
Flyaway vs. O. Zahl's Mies Wilson; A. i.
Blddle's Little Beauty ve. P. Sylva's Reannex;
Curtis & Sons* Rector vs. George McDougal'u
Colonel Lope*; George Parkinson's Ben Lomonu
vb: A. Bilker's Kanaka; Itussell & Allen's Wed
ding Bells ve. Curtis * Bons'.Rosinante; Pasha
Kexnels' Roundabout ve. W. C. .Glasson's Lady
H<aiH; E. Geary's Bonnie" Pasha vs. J. Dow
land's Leo Laurence; P. J. Rellly's Ploughboy
vs. RuFsell A Allen's First Foot: Chiartnl
Bro?.' Brass Button vs. A. Johnson's Bald
Eagle; T. Tlerney'e Lucretia Borgia vs. James
Dean's Gallant; .J. C. O'Donnell'a The Owl vs.
I^inde & Gerber's Rlenzi; Curtis & Bons' Can
dels rla vs. J. Button' b Master Laurence; L.
T.. Hodrklns' Klnr Caehier vs. J. Dempeey's
Jlrgle- Belle; Pasha K»ni»]s' Random Aim vs.
Maher & Reld'e Bad Boy; K. M. Kellogg'B Kid
McCoy vs. II. Lynch'B Gamecock; E. Geary' •
America ve. Captain Cane's Victor Queen; Cur
tl«. & Sons' McKlnley vs. R. L. Taylor's Beauty
epot; F. A. McComb's Royal Flush vb. R. B.
<Je B. Lopez & Bon's 'Warrlgo; Russell & Allen's
Daisy Clalr v«. F. A. McComb's Bona Fide.;
Captain Cane'B Oreenhall vs. F. McCooVb Fin
McCool- C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud vs.
p M U Kennels' Belle Clalr: Aeneld Kennels'
Aethra. vs. O. I>nnon's Half Moon; Russell &
Allen's Scotland Yet vs. Curtis & Sons' Echo.
Races. Races. Races.
Overnight San Francisco prices, prob
able scratches. Jockeys and other In
formation of value. Correspondence so
licited. Jackson & Co., 315 Ellis St.. S. F.»
LIEUTENANT COLONEL GEORGE FRENCH, "WHO HAS BEEN CHOSEN
TO TAKE CHARGE OP THE PACIFIC COAST DIVISION OF THE SAL
VATION ARMY. . •
Third Rac»— Articulate, Bard of Avon, draf
ter.
Fourth Race— Clr Rolla, Pat Morrlssey, Dr.
Bernays.
Fifth Race — Greatland, Vohleer, Ralston.
-Sixth Race — Morlnel^ Campus, Opponent.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 2.— Weather, flne. Track fast.
l.V-i:. F1KST RACK— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and up; purse, $350.^ -
' i ' I iPoTj '. i , Betting v
Index JHorse. Age, Weight. jPstJSt. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. . Cl. PI.
14KG JDevereux, 4 ......116; 11 1 11 12 1112 Enos 30 150 100 40
1547 ;Duckoy. 4 116 12 2 22 22 2121 E. Jones 6-2 4 4 6-5
liTl |KiiiK?lell«s 3 .... *916 3h 51 31 3h Huclianan ..2 2 7-5 3-5
1451 {Tlcg-a-Ling. 4. -.114 10 7 €262 41 42 Bullman ... 10 20 15 . 4
im Trchln. 4 ll«5 94 8^8^51 52 O'Connor ... 15 15 12 5
151« jl>on<-lln«?«i. 3 9S69 10 91 91 66 Domlnick ..6873
14J4 ;Dunboy.-a 119 S 6 41 S h ¦ 6 % "3 Hennessy ..60 30 30 10
H73 CenUnella. a ....117J 5 10 9 1 10 1 10 1 8 2 J. Wotfds... 100 -100 60 20
10S4 tlnstante. 3 99 28 Bh 4h 7H 9 1 Uansch 5 10 10 ,.4
1I07 iGaylen Brown. 3.101 4S 71 71 8110 1 Mouncs .... 6 12 10 . 4
1342 'Jack McCabe, 5..11i». 7 11 11 - 11 11 11 Frawley ... 30 60 60 20
14JI8 iEldred. 3 99 3 12 12 12 12 12 Matthews .. 20 50 60 20 ,
rime— \i. :24; %, :4S; \, 1:14%. Good 6tart. Won first three driving. Winner, S. Merri
w*ather's b. g-. by Puryear D-Grizelda. Winner has speed enough when he will try.
Klngstelle cut off right after start or he would hava won. Urchin ran a fair race under j
the weight. Loneliness cut off. So was Instante. ;. _ — _ — ~_~_o_r>_rT-r-«-^
15S3. EECON'D RACE— Five and a half furlongs; three-year-olds; purse. $300.
'¦ j Pol '. \r Betting <
Index ]Hor*« and Weight. Pst St. H- %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1S55 IJoe Frey 121 7 1 4~h B Va 2 2 12 J. Miller.... 6-5 6-5 1 1-2
1S71 Mansi 117 14 th 11 11 2 1 E. Jones.... 6 30 30 10
15" I El Fonsa 104 3 3 71 4 1' 32 32 Dominick .. 8 18 3
i4Il !st. Rica 1"7 10 J 8V4C1 61 42 Jenkins .... 3 4 3 4-5
i Telephone Girl. ..1021 12 1 2 1 2 3 4H 6h O'Connor... 6 8 8 3
ImO iOsoar Tolle 107! 52 91 31 6h 6h Alexander . 10 30 30 12
14W 'Oame War<V>n...lrt4 2 7 10 2 10 7 7 2 W. Burke... 20 100 100 40
1500 'Phil Archibald... 122 9 10 11 1 11 8 8 2 Frawley ... 15 60 60 15
1571 [El Kara 104 66 6H "H 9 82 Mounce- 10 25 25 10
1395 iQulbo 107 4 12 12 12 10 10 Parm 30 100 100 40
1500 Scotch Belle 102 8 11 5 2 8 1 11 11 Stuart 12 ion 50 40 .
1493 iAlzura .JW| ljj 8^ 3 H 9 1 12 13 | J. T. Woods 10 60 60 20
Tlme-^3-16, :18; 7-16, ;42j 5^f. 1:08. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. J. F.' Bchorr's b. c. by Belvldere-lmp. Lady Hawkstor.e. Joe Frey belongs In bet
t«*r company. Mare«a has sp«"5. Kl Fonse will do. St. Rica pocketed for. a long piece.
Telephone Girl eald h*»llo! and then hung up. She. will do to call up In the near future,
Archibald away poorly. !
1RS4. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and up; purse, __^
j ]Po.| , BetttnK »
Index Horse. Age. Weight.! Pst [St. H. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. III. Cl. PI.
tt5<TiRab. 3 101 5 7* 7 8 7 2 ,51 11 J. Miller.... 3 7.7 6-2
1505 [Marshal Nell. 3. .I'M 9 4- «2 61 ' 24 2h O'Connor... 5-2 5-2 8-5 S-5
(1571) RoHick, 3 101 88 42 45 42 31 Domlnick .. 2 5-2 5-2 4-5
1370 'isaline. 4 114 IS 32 SH3h 42 iBullman ... 6 .15 15 4
1546 Alleviate. 6 117j 21 13 11 lh 5h IBasplnger .. 12 40 40 . 10
1551 Herculean. 4 ....116' 69 8h 8h 71 6h Buchanan .. 4 7 7 5-2
1546 Esplrando. 6 ....ll?i 4 2 2h 2h62 73 E. Jones.... 8 30 30 8
<1557) iSlap Dash, 3 106! 16 6h «h 82 81 Eno« 8 25 25 10
1559 lOsmond. S U9j 7 S g 9 9 » Jenkins 12 30 30 12
Time—^. :24; Vi :4S; %, 1:14. Good start. Won first three drl\1ng. Winner, J. F. Schorr's
b. f. by BelvldVre-lmp. Penlnnlah. Apparently hard aground. Bab floated off on an ebb
tide but th» talent secured no salvage. Marshal Nell outfooted at start or he might have
won. Rollick grew weary. Slap Dash In a pocket round far turn. -6cratchod— Argregor
104, Dunblane J19 L p^j Pi T l j ( £^-^^^-^^ J^ J -^-^-w-^-«^-^-»^^- *~v~-w~-w^»^~~>^
15S5. FOURTH RACE— One mile and 100 yards; San Pablo hdcp; S-yr-olda & up; purse, ?500.
"""""^ [po.l • t Betting — ¦ >
Index Horse. Age. Weight, j Pst St. V*. %• Etr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1S75 Flush of Gold. 4.103 21 81 3h 2n 12 O'Connor ... 2 2 8-5 1-3
H?2 iJanlce 8 100| 12 2h 4h 43 !h Mounce .... 3 3 5-2 4-5
tlMl) 'Don Lu's,' 6 in© 44 12 lh 82 32 Buchanan.. 12 30 25 8
i:74 [Essence 4 lftol 5 5 6h 21 lh 44 'Domlnick .. 5-2 0-2' 4 6-6
U53S) ,L. Medileeome. B.10«! 3 8 6 5 2 6 6 H J. Miller.... 4 6 6 2
1572 jTony Lcppinir. 3. »0, 6 6 4h 6 5 2 6 I.T. Walsh.... ?0 50 50 20
Time— 1-16 06\- 5-16, :31; 9-16, :ZW, 13-16, VJVA', mile, 1:41: lm 100 yards, l:47>i. Good
etart. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner, Owen Bros.' ch. m. by Royal
Flush-Gold Cup. With any sort of fair luck, Janice could have won. She was badly
cut off on back stretch, and again a furlorg from hi. me. Kssence better In the mud.
I^a3y Meddlesome must have lost something. - • ,-^-^>_^_^_^-u^_^_i-^
15MJ. FIFTH RACE— One mile; four-year-olds and upward; purse. ?400. ,
f i ~[Poj i Betting
Index JHorse. Age, Weight.. Pst jSt. %. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
(i:,4:> Or. 4 lilt 23 3 3 22 Ins [Jenkins ..... 2 7-2 7-2 1-2
U.-fi,-,) 'Bill Garrett. 4.... 100 3221 21 11 28 LV-mlniek ... 1-2.1-2 1-2 -. .'
i;:3 ISodfcllst, 6 ......105; ill,. 11 1 \j 3 3 . Mounce 6 6 S 7-10
Time— Vi. :I6H; H~^50^i: %• 1:15 : mile. l:40V». .Good fit&rt. Won driving. ' Winner. Burns &
Vaterllouse's ch. b. by imp. .Golden Garter-Belle B. When Gold Or came with a rush.
Bill Garrett threw up both hands. SocialiFt f<poke his piece and sat down. Scratched —
True Blue 10r>. _^^ v>^^^ N^^^-^^- < _r W -.^-^w-^^^-o^-^^
1.1S7. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $330.
Po.l I i Betting - >
Pst St. U. %¦ Str. Fin. Jockeyn. Op. III. Cl. PI.
r.7'1 ix>ny wmnon, ». ».. 4 4 2 1 1H 12 12 tPrmlnlck „. 3 5 5 8-5
1£75 I Horton 6 110 6 6 42.81 72 Ins Bullman .... 4 9-2 9-2 7-5
1514) 'ordnung 5 107 57 S3 5h 2U 3 r.s J. Miller.... 4 6 6 2
US46) iMontallarte. a ...KK 10 « !W 2Jt 4j 4 2 Mounce 10 15 15 6
1-31 Tennv Belle. 8... 98 8 3- m 4 h 3 2 5 2 Buchanan .. 10 30 25 • 1J
H37S) (Wvoming a 107 28 B^3h 63 68 Jerkins 3 5 5 8-5
1V-* JennW'-W- B...ST 9 9 (4 il 9^ 72 Stuaxt 15 60 60 20
1^7 Galanthus 3 .... S6 ! 3 1» 10 10 10 8 1 J.VWalsh.... 7 29 13 8
l«'8 hat In Coat 3 ... SSI 1 1 8 1 7 1 8 h 9 H ij. T. Woods 10 39 30 '- 10
1ST3 jprestldigltajor/ 4._102|_7^ 2 72 61 81 10 (O'Connor ... 7 8 7-2 7-5
Time— 44 -UU' »<, -36H: % l:*^ 1 !; %. 1:26. Gtxxi start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing Winner' Burns '& Waterhouse'e br. m. by imp. Dark Days-imp. Florry Myers. Dom
lnick allowed Dolly to sift along, which is her style of going. Ordnung Interfered with,
or he would have won. Wyoming outfooted. Prestidigitator all out at stretch turn.
Scratched— Plohn 101. Satan 101. ¦
Conference Field Tournament One
of the Features of the
Day at Pacific
ATHLETES SUPPLY
A DIVERSION FOR
THE COLLEGE MEN
PACIFIC SROVE, Jan. 2.— The Pa
clfic Coast Students' Conference in
session in this city to-day was atheletl
cally the most important, for the inter
collegiate field day occurred at the City
Recreation Park. ' The competitors were
divided Into four teams, viz.— University
of California, Stanford, universities of the
Northwest and Southern colleges. The
events wefe" those usual at field day ex
ercises, with many ridiculous features in
troduced to create amusement. Service of
California managed the field day in splen
did style.
7he University of California team car
ried off most of the honoru, scoring 62
points. The results were as follows:
50- yard dash— Won by Service (U. C), Harter
(Stanford) reoond.
220-yard dash— Won by Service (U. C), Bixby
(Pomona) iccond. (
8&0-yard dash— Won by Clifford (U. C). Voor
hles (Pomona) second.
Shotput— Won- by Peck (U. C), Cuthbertson
(Pomona) second. t ' i
Ball throw— Won by Bmrker <U. C), Peck
(IT. C.) second. ¦ •
Sack race— Won by Harter (Stanford).
Potato race — Won by Voorhles (Pomona).
100-yard dash — Von by Olelland (Pomona),
Service (U. C.) pecond.
High Jump— Won by Clifford (U. C), Ser
vice (U. C.) second. '
Broad •jump-Won by Ser\ice (U. C), Blxby
(Pomona) second. ' ' •
Thrfp-lcKK^l race — \N r on by Clifford and Ser
« Tug-of-Var— Won by University of California
team, Rhodes captain.
The morning session was called to order
at, 8 o'clock, the first hour being devoted
to the missionary lecture by George W.
Ije'avltt, traveling secretary of the Stu
dent Volunteer movement of. North
America, and the second to the two Bible
study classes conducted by E. T. Colton
of New York and C. V. Ilibbard of Chi
cago. A notable feature of these classes
Is the. marked interest shown by the stu
dents and the large number of attend
ants at each. This morning: Mr. Colton's
subject was "Personal Work," and that
of Mr. Hibbard was the absolute fearless
ness that Is necessary in Christian life.
At 10 o'clock the conference assembled
for the morning platform address, which
was delivered by President S. B. McCor
mick of Coe College, Cedar Rapids. Iowa.
Before the speaker was introduced, how
over, the conference passed unanimously
a resolution of sympathy to II. ¦ W. Rose,
formerly international college secretary of
the Young Men's Christian Association,
who has conducted the two pre.cedlng Pa
cific Coast Students' conferences at this
place, and who now, Is dangerqusly ill of
typhoid fever la New York.
The topic of Or. McCormlck's discourse
was "The King and His Kingdom," and
the speaker opened with the statement
that it seemed a peculiarly fitting thing
and a thine that augurs well for the com
ing of the kingdom in the twentieth cen
tury that the tlrst days of the new cen
tury are being spent by so large a body
of Pacific Coast college men in learning
how best to serve their God.
A notable event to-day was the arrival
of John R. Mott of New York, general
secretary of the World's Christian Stu
dent Federation, and the reception that
was accorded him. Practically the entire
conference met him at the train and
after greeting -him with three rousing
cheers the students laid hold of the car
riage, into which he was conducted, and
from which the horses had been taken,
and dragged It all the way up town to
El Carmelo Hotel. Mr. Mott addressed
the conference at its evening session.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Swift.
Fifth Race— Six furlocss; ¦ four^yeax-olds ajid
op; selling:
<lS4«Nora Ivee -;'... -..1O0' ;1SU Jingle Jingle ..1(W
1573 N«-klare 100', Greatland .....103
1451 Dunblane -...:.. TOS: 1S73 Tiburon 102
l'.fi') Marele Davis-.. 1*»' 1577 Ralston .........lW
¦<15.-,S)F16rinel II ......!02 l OOT)Vohlcer .......:105
1070 Matt Horan v,.M2. 137« Lomopd 105
BEST DOGS FOR
CHAMPION EVENT
introduction Stak« at Union
Coursing Park for the
F^crth Race— One and a. sixteenth miles;
thre^- year-olds and. up;' Bllnfiym handicap:
:r.8fl Pat Morrlssey.-liyTj 1ST* Bathos W
1LM Herculean ......IP* U81 Dr. BernaySi-.-lOS
15i6 Sir Holla. ll*i • V.-'
Third Race-Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
purse:
153 A'.nder UC.U4] 1S71 Grafter 11«
<lK5)Artlcu!ate li2Ul573)Bard o£ Avon.. .113
Fecond R«u-e — Seven furlongs; four-*-.ear-olds
«M up; telling:
1475 Imp. Mistral Il.im! U~ Cue 107
,i:7G Ringmaster .". .107} ir>go Good Hope ,...103
15"2 fr.ips '.10fc! 1475 Whaleback 107
345-S Alruras ;..107 r 1D5S Parmenlon .....104
inT« Alarla. 10i' lS17.Maydlne 102
Ii4fi Saintly If*! 1^35 IJmclS^ht ..^...107
First R*p« — Bix" furlongs; three-year-olds;
Putt*: " • . • "
¦ 15CT intreplflo :...'..V»\ 1" Cora Goeti ....197
:5T1 Flatterer ......112 1441 Scr'riwell Lake. 107
iy>5 Killy Lyons:... 109 : IC71 Dandy Jim ....111
rights reserved.)
Track Notes.
The stable of Sam lilldretli wa» re
rtored to good standing, by the Oakland
officials -yesterday. It was found that J.
Miller on Ko^nJp bumped. Bansror, for
¦which piece of ridtne the Schorr jockey
liap hf*-n given fiv*' days on the ground.
Dominick. who rode Essence, was also
sot down for five days, it belns the in
tention of the Judges to stop rough, riding
if poFPihle.
Folio-wine are to-day's entries:
(CoryrieMed. "IS'-O, by F. W. Xtavltt. All
AMONG the several . unexpected
happenings at Oakland track yes
terday was the capture of the
first event on the card by the fDO
to 1 Bhot Devereux, with Pedro
Enos in the pilot house. Sam Merri
¦wea-tiier, who on» day last season made
a "killinV' on the gelding when he won
eX fancy oflds, on this occasion let him
run loose. Er.os managed to beat the big
bunch away from, the post, and. never
competed to hang out any distress .sig
nalF, reached the' wire two lengths before
I>uckoy. The favorite. Kingstelle, met
•with aJl sorts of bad racfng luck, finally
finishlngr a close third.
The cold and threatening weather
seemed to have no effect on the attend
ence, which was quite up to the average.
The books enjoyed an Inning, as four well
. backed choices met defeat-
After running -up a string of four
rtraJght victories Bill Garrett was finally
compelled to taiie Ills hat oft to Gold Or.
The latter hor£e. ridden by Jenkins,
surprised everybody by staying a mils
and in a drive getting the verdict by
a nose In l^O 1 *. In the bettins Garrett
¦was held a 1 to 2 chance, while the pric«
kxainet Cold Of went frcm : to 7 to 2.
Socialist, the only other starter, ccntnb
utPd to the favorites downfall by racing
out in troiM. with h:m ft>r *ir furlonps.
Less than a furlong from the wire Jen
kins rushed Gold Or at the Missouri geld
ing and by a pretty bit of ..finishing earned
th»» decision. • •.
" Much disappointment was expressed by
the admirers of Janice over the result of
the San Pablo handicap at one mile one
hundred yards.. Mouuce, who had the
.mount, was baiilv cut off and pocketed
on two distinct occasions, finally getting
through in time to be beaten two lengths
by the S to 5 favorite Flush of Gold, pi
loted by O'Cennor. Don L«uis, a 25 to 1
shot, was landed in third ; place by Bu
- chanan. • •
Johnny Schorr discovered a soft spot In
the second event, a five and a half fur
long sprint, for Joe Frey. Six to five was
laid against the -colt, -and J. Miller got
him over the line an easy winner fro-m
Maresa, a S> to 1 outsider. El Fone«, the
brother to Scarborough, raii an exceed
ingly good race; finishing third; well up.
In the -sprint which followed J. Miller
continued his good work by gftttijne to
the wire ahead of an ordinary field on
Bab, also from the Schorr stable. . Bob
gTrith's colt Marshal Neil had been heav
ily backed, to take this number, but
c^«in«(2 unable to keep up the first part.
In the run through the stretch Bab
eeemed afflicted with all kinds of speed,
<Jf>wcing the Smith entry jet length. Rol
lick finished third after looking all ovei
a winner at one time.
There were ten starters In the last raw
of the day .at seven furlongs, with nc
pronounced choice in the ring. Dominicli
on D^Uie Weithoff was away first and tb«
mere set such a clip the others nevei
lK>thered her, scoring easily in 1:26. Tw<.
lengths eway Horton, Ortnung and Mud
tallade.finished In the order named.
— _: — «.
Drawings for two stakes were held at
Pythian Hall last night. The first big
¦event of the year at Union Coursing Park
"" will be the introduction stake for cham
. pions to be' run on Sunday next. The
regular event will be a 112-dog open stake.
Prizes for the -chatnpien etake will be:
$250 first. *100 .second, two at'gjO each and
• four at $25. ... •
: •Introduction stake, sixteen cntrie»-CurtU &
Bom' Anchor vr. Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist;
• >Hwiia & Welch'* Sacramento .Boy vs. J. V.
- Thrift's ltrutwe: F. Jones' Uarlean «ladys ve.
£j Heilys lW Clare: P. J. itellly's Itoyal
' Vnion >«. Pasha Kennels' Risky Attempt: Cur
tta & Bone* Flylt* Fox vs. CurtU & Sons l$ea
conrcurtu & Son* 1 Xarelwii vi Rwiell 4
Allen's Spiteful; U- L- Taylor* • Moee vs. E.
Geary** jKuo -Alto: H. A. l>eckelman' « Rocker
ra P. J, Krflly*» Honesty. ; : .
. Restrve stake. 11? «-ntrtet-H. A. Deckelman's
«B*;fe Rocket •«. J. P. Thrlff. 6t. Michael;
ra*b* Kennels' FJer>- Pace v«. George Rhar
• imcn'a Tbe I>octor; J. Suttune Herschtl s
Pride, ve. CiuHsJn Cane's 1. l<tor B<>y; .t.. M.
' KeUun'a Utn's liabe vb. O. Zahls Miss Allen;
W ' Cairn'* Imiiertal vs. Curtln 4r Ports' War
cath' J H. Thrttt'B Forest vs. Aen«-l(J Ken
- • n*-lB*' Fine. Fire;. S. liandy's Twin City Girl
• ' v» Cforcr Sharman'a Ht. Ivee: A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty ve. J. P: Itiriffs Tyrone
Prince- T. J - . Cronln'a Vixen vs. S»*ri &
Kncwles' .Rusty Gold; P. Uoyie's. liberator vs.
*- T >V liarteU" Mac'« Melody; J. CarroH>
" Auckland v*. V. iic<:»h-'u CralK Hoy. H. t.
<!«¦ IS. l>jpez & Bon's Mlntiewawa. v». G«or£e
Kharman's Buver> lioy: A. Johnson's " l>ow-
Undir-r vs. Aeneid Kennels' Achlll«!;°li. I^ynch'*
PIJUc -vs. I'asha Kennels' Itacy Anecdote; C.
Bonar*s WiJd Nora va. <"urt!i & Konn' CharU.
T J. Oronln's Wild Trale*- y«. i'asha Kennels'
Roguish Antic*; U. J. HesJy** Taploc*.v». M.
Xn-slev'8 Krln; George Hharman's Annie Lav
rence v». Aeueld Kennelu' Agamtmnon; Pasha
Kenneli" Ready Always xn'. I-asha, KenneU'
Rcyal Anne; 1J. J. Healy"s Urania vs. P. J.
RelUy** MoonbriKbt; D. Dillon's Dew Drop
vb. Erskine A Jones' J^avender: D. J. ilealy'u
Kicaelo vs. L. Barre'e Walt a IJUle; J.Smith'e
-llanter Workman vs. Sterl & Knowles' Sleety
Mirt: Ct-rtis & Sonn' «^6h Ys. Connell Bros.'
Mamie" Pleasant; Maher A Reid's Uncle Fuller
ve. J. Emlth's Boney Boy; J. Carroll's Master
Clalr vf. J. A. Klein's Ternado; Curtis &
Ronf* War Eagle vb. Curtis & Sons' Kibosh;
P?jiha Kennels' Rest Assured vs.. fiterl, &
Kncwle*' Olita: F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha ts.
P. Jarkton's Honor Brtfrht: Fred Mack's Delia
M »•*. Russell & Allen's . Strayaway; O*or&e
fhannan's Black Flu*h vs. A. Johnson's Tod
Eloaa; Curtis & Sons' Psyche vs. D. .Toland's
Ple&s&st Girl; Fieri ft Knowles' . Ripple ve. IL
By. F. E. l^TTIjIiOLjIj.AJSro.
CARSON CITY,, -Nev.. Jan. 2.— Dan
Stuart, the promoter of the Corbett-Fitz-
Blmmons flght, arrived in this city yester
day. f In an interview he said that he was
hero' to arrange another flght. Stuart
claims ;. that . the .high license, law .of, Ne
vada prevents fakes such as are common
in Eastern cities. One point upQn.. which
Stuart was taciturn was the names of the
lighters he is to bring together. He said:
V'lt would not be policy for me to give
too many names at this time, for I am not
the only man in the field who would like
to bring some of the big' ones together,,
but Jeffries, barring some unforeseen ac
cident, will certainly make 'a trip
to Carson and I will furnish him with an
opponent that will be worthy of him and
one that will make a contest and will
bring a few people here to see them,"
"Will it be Fitzsimmons?"
Mr. Stuart's only reply was the re
mark that should Ruhlln make a good
showing against Jeffries a match between
Jeffries and. Fitzsimmons., would be a
hummer. Stuart would like to bring off
the fight the latter part of May or tho
first of June, preferably about the 25th of
the former month.
Spetlal Dlsi>atch to The Call
Nevada.
Dan Stuart Says Jeffries Is
to Have a Fight
at Carson.
£V;j ; i.. ., ¦* . .,:T '
Intimates That Fitzsimmons Will Be
the One to* Try for Champion
ship Honors in .- »
HOPES TO MATCH
STAR PUGILISTS
DEVEREUX, WITH PEDRO ENOS UP,
CbMES HOME FIRST AT 150 TO 1
Bill Garfett Beaten a Nose by Gold Or— Flush of Gold
Easily Wins the San Pablo Handicap.
MIDWEEK RACING EVENTS AND GOSSIP OF THE TURF
•ator 'McCarren for Services in, the Saddle.
REIFF COMES FROM ENGLAND;
BULLMAN GOING TO NEW YORK
Latter Will Receive $15,000 From Richard Croker and Sen-
sion, Lester Relff is of a retiring disposi
tion, and by his gentlemanly deportment
made himself the best liked. of any rider
who ever visited the other side. Last
season on the English turf he accepted
553 mounts, lost 410 and won 143. The crack
English rider. Sam Loales, was second
and Johnny Rsiff third on the list. Of a
thrifty nature, the American rider has
amassed a competency during the time
he has been in the saddle. . /".
The death of Lord William Beresford
will change somewhat the plans of Lester
and Johnny Reiff , as both brothers were
under engagement for next season to that
titled turfman. Before his departure. Les
ter may accept a few mounts at Oakland
and Tanforan tracks.
BXTLIiMAN LEAVES HTLDRETH.
Contracts to Ride for Senator McCar-
ten and Richard Croker,
On the first day of the year. Sam Hil
dreth's contract on the services of John
Bullman expired, and the services of the
crack rider for next season have been en-,
gaged by Senator J. P. McCarren and
Richard Croker, whose colors are familiar
on the -New York tracks. lie Is to receive
a salary of $15,000, and will report to his
new employers, on April 5 next.
,• For some time negotiations were pend
ing, and It was not until Monday that the"
arrangements were fully completed by
telegraph. Bullman's excellent work in
the saddle last season called forth much
praise from the critics and several big
stables made him tempting: offers. Th*>
firm of Burns & Waterhouse will prob
ably get first call on the crack rider, until
his departure for the East.
It was while riding- for Ed Purser and
"William Murry that Bullman's ability be
gan to attract attention. He went East
with the Cambridge stable horses, and
his resolute style or finishing soon earned
for hjm many friends. In the Croker-
McCarren stable are such well-known per
formers as Beau Gallant. Hesper. Belarlo;
Colonel Padden and others. With these
Lieutenant Colonel George French Will
Succeed Lieutenant Colonel Evans.
LESTER REIFF, who Journeyed'
across the Atlantic, last season
and earned' the t title of premier
jockey of England, Is In Califor
nia again. He viewed the racing
at Oakland track yesterday. For some
weeks Relit has been visiting friends at
Findley, O.. where his little brother
"Johnny," also a noted rider, is attend
ing school.
Strangely enough for one in his profes-
WELL-KNOWN SALVATIONIST
TO COME TO THIS COAST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THIJRSD AY, JANUARY 3, 1901.
4
4c It Costs Nothing to Consult These Reliable Specialists. An Inter-
/) view Will Give Sufferers a Great Deal of Valuable Information Con-
% cernlng Their Ailment if They 3>o Not .Take Treatment.
I SPECIALIST^FOR MEH.p^fe TjC
i llvATbR ;}| 7O \ MARKET/STREETS | .m^^K^i
A'ENTRANGE;|I^ A SAN FRANCISCO. J Bv^jn^^to!.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
$SM CARTERS
SICK HEADACHE
cored try tHeta
tittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress fctra Djjuyrti^
Indlgotioa and Too Hearty Eating. A per- :':
feet remfcdy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi.
P<—^ Pad Twitr fn ttwt lfcrrfTi . Coatfd Tcr>grM>7
Fain In the Side, TORPID UVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. . Purely Vegetable, j
Small Pin. Small Doao.
1 8ma!! Prfco.r
TO THE PUBLIC I
iijg|fc SAX FRAXC1SCO. Oct.
jpjfjmT^^a fi . IS00— To whom It may
E&jfF? **H3 concern: This 13 to (••rtify
- WP that DR. WONXJ HIM of
W5feC I 11S-1I7 Mason street. San
m/ J^ I ' Francisco, has cured ire
*jjG»2£ .) or kidney trouble and
¦ Ma^™ / rheumatism »nd I am
< j^«r^'~ A,^ happy to rr.aki> thla atate-
jfrnebZ^^j Jc^ 1^^ ment. as I tlrni the Doctor
TjBSffilTO' IfB^mV* strictly hor.est • tn every
TSjjJffiSSRJf^S* »en»a of the word an.J an
t^****' Jc:l " > honorable man in all h!«
dealings. DR. C. A. GAT, Dentist. 903 Second =
ave., Seattle. Wash. «
PrxOLE, June 23, 1J3»— I take this means of
expressing my thanks to Dr. W&ng Him, 113-
117 Mason street. San Francisco, for havin?
cured me of kidney, -womb troubla and cancer
of tho stomach. I was a gTeat sufferer for 13
year» and found no permanent relief until I
tried Dr. Won* Him and In «lx months' tima
he has cured me. Any person wishing ma to
certify this can find me. ¦'
MRS. GEOnOE BETZ.
Pinole. Contra Costa. County, Cat.
S. F., December 4, IVI0.— Dr. TVon* Him. 113-
117 Mason «t., S.F., Cal.-Dear Sir: Tot tlw
benefit of others I wtsh to make a statement of
my caso. which was heart trouble. After treat-
Ing with «lx eminent physicians my caa« was
pronounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Wor.«
Him. and his wcXJerful cures. I decided to «ry
his herb treatmenJ. He did al! he claimed, and
after treating' six months I am now wall and
strontr. Tours, respectfully. ¦
MRS. BAKIX)W, 1027 Mission at.. 8. T.
*gJ^S55v ONE piinrc
7*^^^k.B0TTLE LunhS
/ «HhW| MCRURNEY'S
'^Cj • l^r " ¦*¦ t^OTongh cure lor
n\ |v paina to the back, j
« Jk brwjht's disease,
-^5v 24 rj^ female troubles, ixtcon.
tfaence ox urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
wetting of children, frrarel, sail stones.
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatlgia.
FOR SALE AT '
DAHLBENDER" DRUG CO.. n\ Kearny tt.
AND A*T— ~f, .- *
THE OWL . DBUO CO. . 112S Market St.
Send J5o tn 8c stamps' to'W. F. McBorney.
418 S. Spring St., Los Angeles, Cal., for S
days' treatment. Prepaid $1 50. Druggists
0% I I ¦* I sf% Laflln * Rand Waterproof
ill Stall.'' Smokeless Powder, in Su!:<
B __ ¦ | VIA an d loa^d in sh«ll». Sen-l
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed '"
on Applleatloa.
ATTORNEY. -i
F. H. MERZTtACTI, lawyer. ¦ '-
603 CaltfornU St.. Clcnla bwlld!n». .
COAL, COKE AMD PIO IRON.
J C WH^nV * m «0 Battery »tT»«t. - " ;
J-V- WIL3UtlgyU-» Telephone Main ISM. -
COPPERSMITH.
CW CM1TH Sh 'P Plumbing, Steamboat and ¦¦'
n» JJlllll. ship Work a specialty.- U ana "
> 1$ Washington nt. Telephone Main I6tv
' FRBSH AND SALT MEATS.
i IAS RfiYFS*rft Shipping Butohew, 101 r
1 JA3« DUICjq WU- gay. TeL Main TzH. -.
OILS. "" --
| I.UBR1CATINO OII.3. LEOVARD <ft.KI.t,I3. *
418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main J71S. • ' ',
j PAINTS. " .-
' Cylinder A L.ubrt?atlns Otis. Schneider's Mlntnv ••;
. Candles. C. O. CUSCH & CO., » Front. 3. F. "
) . - PRINTINO. . ¦ ¦' :•
J E.C HUGHES, ni^aSSgg^.k-F.- ¦•
C PRINTERS. BOOK- BINDERS.
k THE HICKS-JUDD CO.,
' ¦:::..^ n First St.. gan Francisco. .
t ' STATIONER AND PRINTER.
0 PARTRIDGE ™ SS5g Bto ::
I WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, :
\ DIAMOND COAL, MrNXXO CO., at Us ORESN •
/ RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the llest -Coal tatoa" -
I market. Ofllce and Yarda— 450 Mala »tr*» C
A gn*eat two-step by Eduard
Strauss, the, waltz king,. will'
be gfven free with next Sun-
day's Call. This is a gem— do
not fail to get it:
..t-t. .?..»..» ?«»»»¦»« t •••••••THURSDAY. JANUARY 3.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the rarly morning tides are grlven in the left
hand column and tho successive tWIes cf th#
day in tho order of, occurrence as to time of
day; the > third time' column gives the last tide
of the day, > except when there are but threw
tides; as sometimes occurs. Tho heights Riven
arc in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast : Survey charts; except when a
minus i sign ; (— ) precedes the height, and then
the number given. is subtracted from the depth
Riven by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters. .
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 2. — James
Priestly, S2 years old. was asphyxiated by
gas at the homo of his son. John W.
Priestly, during last night. : Charles
Priestly, a grandson, was. also overcome,
but his life was saved.
Aged Man Asphyxiated.
ST. JOHNS. N. F.. Jan. 2.— The British
steamer Ivydene, Captain Mllburn. from
Hamburg December 15 for Wilmington,
N.C.. went ashore during a snowstorm
last night at Lamanehe and Is likely to
become a total loss. The crew are safe,
but theymet with a frightful experience
In the open boats. No details of the dis
aster have yet been learned.
The steamer Ivydene Is of 1797 tons reg
ister. She is 310 feet long, has S9 feet 2
inches beam and Is 1!) feet 4 inches deep.
She was built at Newcastle In 1885 and is
own*d by J." T. Lunn & Co. of Newcastle.
Boats.
Suffered Terribly in Opsn
Members of the Crew Safe, but They
IVTDEKE IS ASHORE '• ..W
AND MAY GO. TO PIECES
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
' Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Ray. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. '
NOTE — Tho high and low waters occur at tho
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minute* later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
TO SAIL..
ARMY OF REBELS
PUT TO FLIGHT
zuela.
News of Another Serious
Revolution in Vene-
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO. Jan. 2.—
Passengers who have arrived here on the
"D" line steamer Philadelphia from
La Guay-ra, December CO. says a serious
revolution has broken out in the Mara
caibo district cf Venezuela. They add
that the government troops have defeated
the rebels and arrested twenty of the
leaders. ; Another rising is reported to
have occurred In the vicinity of the Orin
oco.
The United States auxiliary cruiser
Scorpion left here yesterday to join- the
Hartford at La Guayra.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2. — Minister
Loomls at Caracas has advised the State
Department that the impending trouble
over the conflicting asphalt concessions
has been averted for the present.
There are no details in the Minister's
dispatch but it is gathered that he has in
duced the Venezuelan authorities to sus
pend arbitrary action looking toward the
ejectment of some of the concessionaries
until there can be had a calm, Judicial de
termination of the claims.
It is probable that the gunboat Hart
ford at La Guayra has been a potent In
fluence In bringing about the present stay
of proceedings.
Insurance Men Think She May Be
Derelict Seen Off Vancouver.
The overdue British ship Andrada is
causing great uneasiness in shipping and
insurance circles. She sailed from Santa
Rosalia in ballast for Portland 52 days
ago. On the 10th of December she was
oSt the Columbia River bar and Pilot Cor
dlner was placed aboard. It came on to
blow and the- big ship was driven nortii.
She had not been heard from since and
fears are expressed that the vessel re
ported bottom up off Vancouver Island is
the Andrada. It la just five years ago
since- 1>" Uritish ship Cadzow Forest took
a pilot a'uoard off the Columbia River and
•was driven to sea and has never been
heard froin since. A. dispatch from As
toria: says the revenue cutter Perry has
gone out to look for the missing ship,
but the chances are that if ; the expected
sputhwester com£s up the Perry will have
to run back for shelter.
'The Andrada is well known in this port
and Captain Adams- has a host of friends
FEARS FOB, THE ANDRADA.
REPORTS of disasters along the
coast during'the recent hurricane
are still coming in, and now the
storm signals are flying for an
other southwester. Vessels in
distress are making port and another
schooner bottom up has been sighted off
the poast.
On December 23 a schooner bottom up
was. seen by the crew of the Sacramento
about forty-five miles off the UmpQua
River; on December 27 a ship bottom up
was sighted off Vancouver Island by the
Chilean bark Terhuco, and now a third
derelict, also .bottom up, has be«i sighted
.forty-flve miles west by southwest off
Cape Mendocino.
The schooner W. F. Jewett arrived from
Astoria yesterday after a very quick run
of four days. Captain Johnson reports
tnat. on December 31, when thirty-five
miles west by southwest of Cape Mendo
cino he sighted a ve?sel bottom up. She
was about 130 feet long on the k«*el and
stood up about 10 feet out of the water.
The wreck, supposed to be the. schooner
Joseph and Henry, sighted by the captain
of the Sacramento on December 23. was
about forty-five miles off Yaquina. so the
two wrecks werp only about 240 miles
apart. From this some people reason that
as there was an interval of eight days
between the two reports there may be
only one derelict. The prevailing winds
and the current would drive both of theni
north. ¦ however, so that theory may be
all wrong. Further reports from incom
ing ships vill folve the mystery.
Merchandise for Victoria.
The steamship Walla Walla sailed Tuesday
for Victoria with the following cargo, valued
at $10,382: .,*:'-¦>'.:/..' ' ' : - -,¦ •-, . . •
3 cs arms and ammunition; 3744 lbs butter, 5
c« dry goods, 20 csdrugs, 15 drums glycerine,
M - pkgs groceries ¦ and provisions, • 28 cs hard
ware, 10 bdls Iron,; "4 bdls steel and Iron, 63 bxs
lemons, £6,463 lbs malt, : S3 erg machinery, 177
The schooner Julia E. *Wha!en sailed Tues
day for? Apia with a general/ cargo. valued at
$C651. Including the following: 2 tanks am
monia. 5 <rs bells and fixtures, 23 csks bottled
beer. 40 drums carbide, 22 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 71 .cs hardware, 70.W2- ft 'lumber,
22 c» Ironware, 10 era machinery. '. 18 pkfcs mill
work, !i5 kegs nails, S cs paint, 47 bdla Iron, 30
pkB* paper, 18 cs roofing, E0 cs salmon, 1.5
reels wire, 1 cs sowing machines.
A Cargo for Apia.
The British ship Strathiryle will -load sup
plies at Seattle for Manila and the British
steamer Saint Bede Firpplies at Portland for
Manila for United States Government: the
Norwegian steamer Horda, merchandise at this
port and ¦ lumber on Puget • Sound - for Tallen
Wan: the Ottlllle Fjord, lumber at Eureka
for Kahulul.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Articles of incorporation of the Am
erican Ship Masters 1 Protective Associa
tion were filed yesterday. , The purpose
of the corporation is to afford general
protection to ship masters. . The directors
are I. W. Grave, W. G. Bluhm. John D.
Murray. C. L. Green, William R. Burm
eister, Charles Austin and Henry Taylor
Ship Masters Organize.
Alameda Still Further Delayed.
The mail steamer Alameda will not get
away for ' Honolulu, Pago Pago, Auck
land and Sydney until 8 p. m. to-day. She
was scheduled to sail Wednesday, but
owing to the non-arrival of the English
mail her departure was postponed until
2 p. m. to-day. The malls are still fur
ther delayed and another postponement is
necessary.
The German bark- Sainte Anna has ar
rived from Newcastle. Australia, after
meeting with very lively weather ninety
miles southwest of the Farallones. Cap
tain Bernier reports that he had a very
pleasant run across the Pacific until he
reached the coast of California. Then it
began to blow. A week ago, in a hcavv
northwest gale, the ship was thrown on
her beam ends. The forward house and
the skylights in the cabin were stove in.
part of the rail was carried away, tho
cabin was flooded and forecastle gutted,
several sails were blown away and two
of the starboard boards were carried
?way and much damage was done about
the deck. When the gale subsided Cap
tain Bernier laid his course for San Fran
cisco once more, arriving yesterday.
Sainte Anna In a Gale.
. The schooner R. .\V. Bartlett from New
Whatcom arrived at -San Pedro a few
days Ego after a very hard run of twenty
six days. In a letter to his owners Cap
tain Nelson says it was the hardest time
he had ever had; After- passing Flattery
they had heavy weather for two weeks
and during that time weathered two hur
ricanes. The barometer went down to
twenty-nine and for three days the
schooner was under a reefed mlzzen sail.
A foresail was put on the spanker, but
in an hour it blew out of the bolt ropes.
Then a drag was made of old lines and
fenders and put over the stern. Oil bags
were put over the sides and that helped
matters. All the fish and tar oil In the
vessel was used and a portion of the lin
seed oil also. The forecastle, galley,
donkey room and cabin were flooded and
the men had to ball out with buckets. For
•sixteen hours the top of the deck load
was in the water. The Bartlett will dis
charge at San Pedro and then come to
San Francisco.
Bartlett Was in Trouble.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mall
steamer Australia arrived from Tahiti
yesterday. She was a day behind t'me,
owing to strong: h*nd winds and a heavy
sea. Everything was. quiet at Papeete
when the mail boat left. The following
first and secowd class passengers came up
on her In addition to eleven In the steer
age:
G. T. Wright, C. E. Benjamin. J, Niebuhr.
J. Lamb I>cty. A. T. ilapp*lye. «. W. Andrus.
Captain Grclot. M. Mrataut, T. M. Stevenson.
Dr. Nelson of the Alameda has played
in hard luck ever since the mail hoat
reached port and now he says ho does not
care how f-oon t!ie steamship pets away.
The evening after the Alameda arrived
"Doc" went out to make a few social
calls with his wife. Whether he pulled
his purse out with his handkerchief or
whether he was robbed he cannot tell,
but when he reached home the purse was
gone and with it H20 in gold and green
backs. Yesterday he'. sent one of the
shin's boys after his laundry. The boy
came back and told him the laundry was
burned an hour before. All the doc
tor's white suits, shirts, collars and
cuffs, underwear and socks went up In
smoke ami last evening he was hunting
up a fresh supply in order to Ret to sea
to-night. Dr. Nelson thinks this Is about
enough hard luck for one trip and he la
anxious for the sailing hour to come.
Water Front Notes.
here, all of whom would rejoice to hear
news of his safety.., .-
Time Sail.
Branch Hydrggraphlc Office,' ¦ U. S. - N.. Mer
chants' ¦ Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
. 'January . 2, ' 1901. - \ » - :*v, •".'
Tho time ball .on the, tower of the new, Ferry
building was dropped at: exactly noon to-day—
1. ' e., ; at ¦ noon of the 120th- meridian, or at «
o'clock" p.* m.; Greenwich- time.'*' '' - •- ••
L--::.v.. r ' C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N:, tn charge.
KINSALE— Passed Dec' 31— Br ship Many
down, hence Aue 23 for Queenstown. Jan 2—
Br ship M E Watson, hence Axis 9.
CALLAO— Arrived Dec 2)— Schr Endeavor,
from Gamble. ....
PANAMA— Arrived Jan 1— Stmr St Paul,
hence Dec 18. ¦ . v; %
SYDNEY— Sailed Jan 1— Br etmr Aorangl. for
Vancouver. ¦
! YOKOHAMA— Sailed. Nov 20— Jap stmr Kln-
Bhln • Mnru. ¦ for Seattle. .
HONGKONG— Sailed Dec 27-Br Btmr Glen
ocle, far Tacoma. ' •
RIO DE JANEIRO^-Sailed Dec 7-r-Br ship
Honolulu for Barbadoes.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Jan 1— Ital-. ship
Francisco Clampa,' for Hull.
HAMBURO-Salled Dec 2S — Br ehlp Monk
barns; for San Francisco.' '
Sailed Jan 1— French bark Marechal Davout;
for Ipswtck. • ¦ -
FALMOUTH— Arrived Jan 1—Br shlo Frank
istan, from Oregon. . ,
DUNGENESS— Passed Dec « 31— Dutch ship
Neederland. from Hamburg for Santa Rosalia
BEACH HEAD— Passed Jan 1— Br ship Monk
barnH, from Hamburg. for San Francisco. .
VICTORIA— Arrived Jan. 2— Br 'stmr Amur,
from Alaska. ¦ . • , : : .
NOUMBA, Aus— Sailed Jan 1— Schr Kallua.
for Newcastle..:-'^- , ¦ , . : .
FOREIG*N~PORTS.
-NEW. .YORK— Sailed Jan 2-Stmr Xew York,
for Southampton; stmr Teutonic, for Liver
pool. ¦ ¦ . • ' . •
LONDON— Arrived Jan 2— Stmr Mlnehaha,
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 2— Stmr Rhyn
land, from Philadelphia for Liverpool.
HAMBURG— Sailed Jan 2— Stmr Phoenicia,
for New York.. .
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan 1— Stmr Lake Su
perior, for Halifax and St Johns.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Jan 2— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York, .via Boulogne.
BOULOGNE— Sailed Jan 2— Stmr Phoenicia;
from Hamburg for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 1— Stmr Finance,
from Colon. \
EASTERN ' PO RTS,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY — Arrived Jan 1 — Stmr Empire,
hence D^ .20. ¦ ¦ \ ,
HILO— Arrived Dec 22— Bark Amy Turner,
hence Dec 2.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 1— Stmr Sequoia,
from Fort Bragg; stmr National City, from .
Jan 2 — Stmr Lakme, Hence Dec '31. ;
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan 2— Stmr Charles Nel
son, for Honolulu. '. ¦ '. . . . •
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 2-Stmr
Whltesbcro, hence Dec 29; stmr Mlneola, hence
Deo 24.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 25— IJktn Robert
Sudden, from Newcastle, Aus. . .
Per stmr Australia— French - bark Grande
Duchesse Olgrn, at Tahiti.- had made repairs
&nd was to sail January 1 or 2. Hktn City of
Papeete had made temporary repairs and was
to haul aloncnlde the wharf to load for San
Francisco.
MEMORANDUM.
LONDON", Jan 1— Br ehlp PInmore, from Car
diff for Santa -Rosalia, " towed Into Falmouth
with loss of-rnlzzen topmast, main topgallant
mast, main topgallant yards, boats' compasses,
bridge broken, decks swept and hatches stove
In hurricane on Dec 2S.
MrSCELLA NEOUS.
SPOKEN',
Nay 23, 56 S, 75 W— Br ship Crown of Den
mark, from Khlplda for Santa Rosalia.
Dec 14, 8 N, £S W— Ger bark Athene, from
Tacoma for Queanstown.
I»OtNT LOBOS. Jan 2 (10 p. m.)— Weather
cloudy; wind SE.; velocity 40 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Wednesday, January *•
Br stmr Bristol. Mclatyre. Chemalrrus.
Stmr Queen, Thomas. San Diego.
Stmr (linsy, L?land. Monterey.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. Fort Bra?*.
Schr Monterey, Beck; Bowens Landing.
SAILED.
Wednesday, January 2.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Co. • •' . . • • (
•Rr Ftmr Robsrt Adamson. Morgan, Nanalmo;
Ealffur, Guthrie &• Co.
Or ship Pert Patrick, McLellan, Queenstown;
G W McXear.
Hark Albert. Griffith, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmcmd & Co. ..-•¦-
Schr F.llza Miller, Drummer. La Paz; Wm.
Olsen.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, January 2.
Stmr Australia. Lawless, 12H days from
Tahiti.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 35 hours from
Crescent Cttj-.
fctmr Corona. Glelow, 57 hours from Newport
and way ;x>rts.
Strnr Anro, Olsen, 47Vi hours from Coqullle
River.
. * Strar Westport, Krlcsson. 23 hours from Santa
Barbara.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins, 63 hour* from Vic
toria and Pusret Sound ports.
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. ¦< SI hours from
Seattle. .
Stmr Luella. Madscn, 44. hours from San
Pedro. k ¦
Stmr .Arcata, Xel?on, 5S hours from Coos 'Bay.
Ship George Curtis, Calhoun, 27 days from
Honolulu.
French bark Salnte Anne. Bemler, S4 days
from Newcastle, Aus.
Schr Lettltla,. Gronberc 6 days from Grays
Ilarbcr. ' > .
Schr ArchJp and Fontle, Jensen, 40 hours
from Flsks Mill.
Pchr Maid of Orleans, Morris, S days from
Grays Harbor.
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
The British ship 1-ort Patrick cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders with 70,706
ctls wheat, valued -at ?60,700, and 17,000 ft lum
ber, aa dunnage, valued at $255.
Wheat Shipments.
bxs oranges, 5 cs raising, 5 cs paste, 12 kei
sourkrout. WWO lbs salt. 5 crs sewing m;
chines. 10 bales sheepskins, S01 lbs tobacco,
crs vegetables, 3C5 gal? wine.
BRITISH SHIP. ANDRADA STANDING OFF SHORE IN A HEAVY SOUTHEASTER. SHE IS IN BALLAST AND
HAS NOT BEEN HEARD FROM FOR THREE WEEKS. AND IT IS FEARED THAT SHE IS LOST ON VAN-
CjOUVER ISLAND.
One of the Wrecks Is Now Supposied to ! Be the
Schooner Joseph and Henry, Another ; the
British Ship Andrada and Third Is a;Mystery
AFIMY AND SUBSIDY
BILLS COME FIRST
House.
Forecast of Week's Work
in the Senate and
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2.— The general ex- j
pectation among: Senators la that the ttrat j
few days of the time of the Senate after j
reconvening to-morrow will be devoted ¦
to the consideration of the army reor- I
ganizatlon bill, but there is some dlsposi- i
tlon to make an arrangement for a divi
sion of time that will permit of the con
tinued presentation of the ship subsidy
bill during a part of >*ach day. i
When the committee on order of busi- I
ness representing the Republican side of !
the .Senate made the subsidy bill the regu- j
lar order' of business at the beginning o*
the present session there was an under- I
standing mat when the army bill should |
be presented for consideration me other ;
measures should be la.nl aside temporarily j
if considered necessary in order to secure j
the prompt passage of the army bill. |
There Is apparently a disposition on the I
part of some Senators partially to dlsre- •
gard thls~ agreement and the friends of
the subsidy Dill, moat of whom are also I
supporters of tne army bill, are tr^'ln*? i
to. secure an understanding- for confine- '
ment of ..the discuoSiu:: oi the aim. . utsl j
to the morning hour of the Senate's dally i
proceedings, giving the time each day i
after 2 o'clock to vhe subsidy bill. ' j
A meeting of the Committee on Military !
Affairs has been call«d for to-morrow,
when the matter, of procedure probably
will be discussed and a decision reached
as to whether the committee shall ask
tor all the time of the Senate until Its j
bill Is disposed of or ior only part of It. j
Some members of the committee are dis- i
posed to divide time with me subsidy bill ¦
for the present, but all Senators, regard- i
less of politics, consider the army bill ;
of pressing importance because of tlie i
fact that the time for which the volunteer
BOldlera In the Philippines were enlisted
has almost expired. Hence It is probable- I
that some arrangement will be reached
guarding against any »>iotracted delay on |
the military measure. While eompara
lively few of the opposition Senators will
vote for Ihe till, non? >t them appear will- j
ing to make any objection to Its early
consideration.
There has been a general surmise that
Senator Cockrell would offer a substitute
for the army bill, but he states to-day
I that he had no such intention, at the
same' time expressing his conviction that '
! the bill should be -oressed to early, dis
position because of the condition in the
Philippines. Cockrell expressed the opin
ion that the army bill would not be dis
cussed at great length unless there should
be at the tame time an attempt to carry
the subsidy bill almi« with it. In that
event he thought it might be dlinVuli to
get the army bill through promptly. Tlw
opposition Senators generally will con
tent themselves- with an explanation of
fheir views on the army bill and will maku
no opposition to Its becoming a law.
There are still several speeches to be
made on the subsidy bill, but apparently
none of the promised bpeeches have been
prepared, so that Senator Hawley may
be able to go on uninterruptedly for some
time with the army bill, regardless of any
arrangements concerning the subsidy bill.
The House will probably dispose of tht
reapportionment bill this week, although
Chairman Burton of the River and Har
bor Committee is inclined to contest the
I right of way of the Census Committee.
! The reapportionment bill, carrying out as
J It does a constitutional reaulrement, is
a matter of higher privilege than an ap
propriation bill and if Chairman Hopklr.s
insists, it probably will be given priority.
Hopkins, however, mav yield if he flnJs
that any large proportion of the members
will not return from their holiday vaca
tion In time to vote upon the measure this
week. A determined <ight will be made
against his bill by members from States
which would lose representation under it
and Hopkins desires a full house v.-hen
the vote is taken. He is confident that
his measure will carry with a full attend
ance. In any event neither Hop':ins nor
Burton de3ires to proceed to-morrow, so
lhat the session to-morrow probably will
be brief and unimportant. On Friday
either the river and harbor bill .or the
reapportionment bill will be taken up.
If it should be the latter the expectation
Is that Us consideration will be completed
on Saturday. If the former, the length
of time to be consumed is problematical.
Speedy Action on the
Measure.
Expiration of the Terms of the
Volunteer Soldiers Calls for .
STILL ANOTHER DERELICT IS SIGHTED,
BOTTOM UP, FORTY-FIVE MILES FROM
CAPE MENDOCINO BY THE W. F. JEWETT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 3,. 1901.
5
¦ ' Steamer. ¦ " From. I Due.
Point Arena... Point Arena Jan. 3
San Pedro, Humboldt Jan. 3
Santa Rosa.... £.<an Dlepo Jan. 3
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. 4
Empire... Coos Bay Jan. ?
Eureka HumboMt Jan. *
G. W. Elder:.. Portland Jan. S
Roano1<p Seattle Jan. 5
NomoClty.... Seattle Jan. 6
Bonita Newport Jan. C
San Jose Nanaimo Jan. 6
Queen San Die?o Jan. «
Pomona Humboldt Jan. «
Newport >anama & Way Ports. Jan. 7
State or CeI. Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 7
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 8
Gaelic China and Japan Jan. 8
Corona NVwport Jan. 9
Crescent City. Crescent City Jan. 9
Columbia Portland Jan. 10
Robert Dollar. Seattle Jan. in
Rainier Seattle Jan. 10
North For!;.... Humboldt Jan. 10
Alameda... [Sydney k Wy) Jan. 3, S pm|PIer 7
Samoa iHumboldt ...|Jan. 3, 10ani|Pler 3
Columbia.. Ast ia & Ptld Jan. 3. 11 am|Pler :4
Mamlalay.. Coqullle Rlv.. Jan. 3, 5pm|Pler<<!
Arcata Cooh Hay Jan. 3. 12 m| Pier 13
Czarina S.at. & Tacm Jan. 3, 5 pmjPler 8
Pomona.... Humboldt ...Jan. 3. 2 pmiPler 3
North Fork. Humboldt ...Jan. 4. 9am|Pler 2
Argo Coqullle Kiv.. Jan. 4. 10 am Pier —
Coiuna..... [Ntjwport ..... Jan. 4. 8 am Pier 11
Mexico...... Mexican Pts. Jan. 5.12 mS\V4
Albion Honolulu ....Jan. 5. 10 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Holnt Arena.. Jan. 5, 2 pm Pier 3
Empire..... Coos Bay Jan. 5.12 m Pier IP.
Eureka Humboldt ...Jan. 6, 9 am Pier 13
Santa. Rosa j San Diego.... Jan. 6. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla...|Vlr & Pgt Sd Jan. 6. 11 am Pier !)
Australia... Tahiti Jan. 6. 1 pm Pier 7
Itlval Willnpa Har. Jan. 7. 5 pm Pier 2
Curacao Mixu-an Pts. Jan. T, 10 am Her 11
G. Elder Portland Jan. 8, 11 am Pier 24
Roanoke Pan. & Way. Jan. 8. 2 pm Pier 34
Bonlta...... Newport Jan. S, 9 am Pier 11
City Peking China & Jap.|Jan. 8, 1 pm PMSS
Sun . rises
Sun sets
Moon sets
¦ fcj' Time Time
-S. '¦Ft. Ft.
a L. W H W
1 .:. 8:14 2.9 9:31 6.5
4 ... 4:04 3.0 10:21 ! 6.5
H W L. W
ft :.; 0:24 5.0 4:54 2.9
C ... * 1:05 5.1 5:45 2.9
"'.-:. IMS 5.2 6:37 2.6
g ... 2:26! 5.2| 7:30 2.5
9 .:.j 3:O4| 5.2| 8:30| 2.5 1
• '.'..'.'.'.'.'oM
5:57 a. m.
Time Time
Ft. Ft.
L W H \V
4:35—1.0 II MO 4.1
5.17—1.1
H W L. W
11:OS 8.S 6:00 —1.0
11:43 6.0 6:40—0.7
12:40 5.6 7:20—0.3
1:31 5.5 7:53 O.«
2:25 4.6 8:30 0.7
Sun . rises
Sun sets
Moon sets
¦ fcj' Time Time
-S. '¦Ft. Ft.
a L. W H W
1 .:. 8:14 2.9 9:31 6.5
4 ... 4:04 3.0 10:21 ! 6.5
H W L. W
ft :.; 0:24 5.0 4:54 2.9
C ... * 1:05 5.1 5:45 2.9
"'.-:. IMS 5.2 6:37 2.6
g ... 2:26! 5.2| 7:30 2.5
9 .:.j 3:O4| 5.2| 8:30| 2.5 1
• '.'..'.'.'.'.'oM
5:57 a. m.
Time Time
Ft. Ft.
L W H \V
4:35—1.0 II MO 4.1
5.17—1.1
H W L. W
11:OS 8.S 6:00 —1.0
11:43 6.0 6:40—0.7
12:40 5.6 7:20—0.3
1:31 5.5 7:53 O.«
2:25 4.6 8:30 0.7
Alameda... [Sydney k Wy) Jan. 3, S pm|PIer 7
Samoa iHumboldt ...|Jan. 3, 10ani|Pler 3
Columbia.. Ast ia & Ptld Jan. 3. 11 am|Pler :4
Mamlalay.. Coqullle Rlv.. Jan. 3, 5pm|Pler<<!
Arcata Cooh Hay Jan. 3. 12 m| Pier 13
Czarina S.at. & Tacm Jan. 3, 5 pmjPler 8
Pomona.... Humboldt ...Jan. 3. 2 pmiPler 3
North Fork. Humboldt ...Jan. 4. 9am|Pler 2
Argo Coqullle Kiv.. Jan. 4. 10 am Pier —
Coiuna..... [Ntjwport ..... Jan. 4. 8 am Pier 11
Mexico...... Mexican Pts. Jan. 5.12 mS\V4
Albion Honolulu ....Jan. 5. 10 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Holnt Arena.. Jan. 5, 2 pm Pier 3
Empire..... Coos Bay Jan. 5.12 m Pier IP.
Eureka Humboldt ...Jan. 6, 9 am Pier 13
Santa. Rosa j San Diego.... Jan. 6. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla...|Vlr & Pgt Sd Jan. 6. 11 am Pier !)
Australia... Tahiti Jan. 6. 1 pm Pier 7
Itlval Willnpa Har. Jan. 7. 5 pm Pier 2
Curacao Mixu-an Pts. Jan. T, 10 am Her 11
G. Elder Portland Jan. 8, 11 am Pier 24
Roanoke Pan. & Way. Jan. 8. 2 pm Pier 34
Bonlta...... Newport Jan. S, 9 am Pier 11
City Peking China & Jap.|Jan. 8, 1 pm PMSS
¦ ' Steamer. ¦ " From. I Due.
Point Arena... Point Arena Jan. 3
San Pedro, Humboldt Jan. 3
Santa Rosa.... £.<an Dlepo Jan. 3
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. 4
Empire... Coos Bay Jan. ?
Eureka HumboMt Jan. *
G. W. Elder:.. Portland Jan. S
Roano1<p Seattle Jan. 5
NomoClty.... Seattle Jan. 6
Bonita Newport Jan. C
San Jose Nanaimo Jan. 6
Queen San Die?o Jan. «
Pomona Humboldt Jan. «
Newport >anama & Way Ports. Jan. 7
State or CeI. Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 7
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 8
Gaelic China and Japan Jan. 8
Corona NVwport Jan. 9
Crescent City. Crescent City Jan. 9
Columbia Portland Jan. 10
Robert Dollar. Seattle Jan. in
Rainier Seattle Jan. 10
North For!;.... Humboldt Jan. 10
A TO I NT
Wl Hli P?
; •;. 0 \ YOU
''¦¦' I IVP
THEi-NEW POLICY
dUST kSSUED BY ;;~
THE MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE
;-; COMPANY O^ NEW YORK
Enables a man not only to -pro-
vide an. income for life to his wife^
but secures an income for himself
as well. .
Under it^ terms a father may
obtain a life income and at • the
same time contingently secure
the same for a child. Or a
brother may provide for himself
and for a- sister, or a son for him-
self and a parent. iv •' <'
It offers the very best form of
.insurance investment at the low-
est possible cost, and it is a con-
tract whose fulfillment is guaran-
teed by the Greatest Financial In-
stitution of its kind in the world.
For full information as to de-
tails, apply to
A. B. FORBES & SON,
SAM FRANCISCO." CAL.,
GEIVERAL. AGENTS
T3B MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK,
EIOHARD A- MoOURDY, Prefiiicat.
MISS FRANCES M. ANDERSON,
corresponding secretary of the
Higher Educational League,
writes from the "Astoria," Wash-
ington, D. C, the following:
"About two months ago I was iaksn
vsry ill with la grippe and was ob-
l.ged fopo to bed. Hock three bo!-
iles of Pzruna with very beneficial
results, and was able to leavs my bed
in a week and regained my usual
strength vzry soon.
"I hava nothing but praise for Fe-
runa and recommend it to those simi-
larly efflicied whenever I can." —
Francos M. Anderson.
La grippe is, strictly speaking, epidemic
catarrh— that Is to say, a variety of acute
catarrh which is so contagious and runs
a course more or less definite, the same
as scarlet fever, whooping-cough, etc.
During the acute stages of 1 la grippe It
is not a very fatal disease, but the condi-
tion in which it leaves the system has
caused the dcatl»-^f-a countless number.
Indeed, nearly every person who has
had la grippe within the last three years
finds himself more or less deranged by the
pernicious effects of this disease. The
majority of those who have escaped death
flnd life scarcely worth living.
If this vast multitude of people could
only know with what certainty and
promptness Peruna would relieve them
of all the bad effects which la grippe- has
brought upon them, what an untold
amount of suffering would be averted!
Thousands have already heard h6w
quickly this remedy will cure In these*
ca^es and have been saved; but tens off
thousands have not yet h6ard, and con-
tinue to suffer on. dropping into the grave
one by one.. ¦•
Peruna cures catarrh In all stages and
varieties, whether acute cr chronic, and
is therefore the most effective remedy
ever devised for removing al! the derange-
ments which follow la grinr*.
Samuel M. Y.ork writes from Union
Grove. Ala., the following 1 letter:
Dear Sir— "La?t week I was taken with
la grippe and catarrhal deafness. I wrote
you for advico ar.d followed your direc-
tions. After taking: two bottles of Pera-
na I found myself well of la grippe, and
my hearinsr was fu!!y restored. My health
is better than it has been in five years.*
"My wife improved in health very much
after taking Peruna."— Samuel M. York.
Miss Caroline J. Kahl. Otisco, Ind..
•writes as follows:
"Three years I had la grippe and
pulmonary trouble. I was vsry sick.
I had hemorrhages of the lungs
nearly every day for a year, and
tkrze bottles of your Peruna cured
me. The doctor said I had consump-
tion. I am now in better health than
I have bsen fcr many years. '."¦*..
"I highly recommend Peruna to all my
neighbors and friends. Peruna Is my fa-'
vcrite medicine. I shall always have Pe-
runa In the house."— Misa Caroline J:
Kahl. :
Address The Perunjt Medicine Co.. ' of
Columbus. Ohio, for a free copy of "Win-
ter Catarrh." which treats of the dlsr-'
eases peculiar to winter. . :
TELEPHONE GRANT. 33.
222-224 S UTTER ST.
Just received a (resh- shipment- of
EL-EL ( L. . LelieiYbaum . &.' Co.'s ) .
: Clear Havana Cigars: Sec window:
; SPECIAL REDUCTIONS: ; I
THURSDAY—FRIDAY— SATUJJO AY- j
ASPARAGUS jgs£ H- 25c 20c can ]
'¦ Hickraott'F— this pi'-Kfon's. . 1
CATSUP. '^Reg.'Jflc-: .MtU\ \\
U T.. S. Co.** »>ott!ir.s-. .
HAMAWELiS, (Witcti; Hazel)-- , ' '< \
<jt. b^ati. x't'.-bot. >J'pt. bQt. .1
•ioc- ur.c ioc
GAKHED FRUIT. "ST&S&s: 2cccan ¦
Our finest table fruit. Reg. 30cu SV
TOMUOES (ftshilattos) Vide csn
CHtRRES. Fitted, fteg. 35c 25c Ib ?
• ¦ tVhlte cr black. '-¦'-".: ¦ '
MUSHROOMS, impoftsd, 25c can !
APETIT SILDS. Re vftcf 15c tin ]
BOYAHS a la BOBDELAISE : ir^rtin i
Very F'Quant.' .•.••" -.-••• .j
ADAMS SPc.1116 MINERiL WATER--
Rpg.. •: :* &i. -51.05 i
. :• " . . : .. ' .Keg.'j;':: case . $7.^5 ,
(C&e« M bote.> ¦; ¦ ¦..',•.¦• j
The best medkrinel -n-ater In th* nrojr.ld 1
. lor -stomach. kid.r:<>y '. arcd liver com- {
plaints. Cures cost!ver.«g.
¦¦ I
" _-. » ' ' _A /a» • ' ' ¦ ? '
? _ J _^.^_ J __ „'_¦ .__, ., mw il nm. ;
| M Natural Mineral Water .||
? t *?¥k known f»r centuries and ? |
C Z.'Zs\ imported q !
I £*£gi ONWf IN BOTTLES. J
? .1^^^ Per Dissrdered Staiaxch: ?
? A'i'^S^fe* &Q^ Indigestion- °
S S'^l^^A Its T » 1 u» has bsea testU O
J SfeirisEs? n - d t0 ty thousands. ?
? VJCtiV So-called. Vichy In Sy- 2'!
o p^SS IS N0T VICHY - ?
4 Get the Genuine. ..
® Ji£v->~-'S!^[ Trxr phrelclan O ¦
SBT WlU reeommena li. f
? g^^pS A- nGMIH. Dlitrihtaig LtttA J
•* O-^O*C* C*O«0*0fO-»0-»0+0*-C-»
K JSf' Cured While
Q^^r^jL You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
-Gran-So'Tenf dissolves Mrtcturellke snow b«-
rrath The tun." rfduoes Kn.ar>;e.1 Prostate and
•rrvr^tbens tbe Seminal Uacts. ELoppinc Uraic* an4
Eni!*iions In Kift*«?n J »<¦'.
> ~t .:»•» •'• ra'.v the siomich. bntr- direct Iocs)
•krd posiUve applicavior.tQtheectireurettiraltract
Gran-bo!Tea'i 1* sot a '.'.cuid. It is prepared is
tbe f. r::j of Crayoos or l'ttnoilft. &mootb CDdSex!bi»
•.oC eo ct.-!- w &¦ to pass tbe cio&est
Every -Man Should Know Himself.
Tte SUjanr.es Assn.. ltox K4. Or.cirn.sU. O.. hw
•rvpared at irreat «X|«nse tn vxbaust- rnrPI
He ¦ ..:-..-• rsi-rt Treatise upon tbe ma> i_ LJ L. L» I
trr.em. which tb*» wSU aesd wan; r 11 L L I
Baie apyllcact. I .1 ••¦!¦¦
Si Jitl^aSSN 250 ELM 8T.,
51. JA'.tO <O.ft., Cincinnati, Ohio.
OUR TOAST FOR THE NEW
YEAR. :
TTealth, wealth and happiness!' We may
be able to add to your health a,na'happt-
ric-fis, if not to your wealth', if .'you ¦prill
permit us to attend to your laundry work,
which we do to perfection. Everything
In your wearing apparel ready" for New
Tearf calls? Tell up In time. Domestic
flnlsh for ton-dress shtrts If you .order It.
"XQ SAW EDGES."
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— 3Outh 4-2O. ? ! .
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave:
£J^|g||r|ggp=2K RUPTURE
EZ-O \. Z' «Ajc''"" t^53>3 f^'-r-ct be cur<r<J by
VS3t&^e | £j'fl^* **lvea,. lotions, com.
i'$*ip>£"22!£i*^f€?r^5r |t|fn t r ut set, or
\*-^^iVV~t??£r •••C-a^k" cr>ratiors.
n —rOvSrO "dr. pierce "s magnetic
If /&X. ELECTRIC TRUSS" Is • dlf-
a ¦//*]\ fe-ent .It does the worl^ I
T^ ' C7"'BOOKLET. . NO/ X" ilvea
; B ii jiifonnatlcn. Call .or writs
for It. ". - -. ' :
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO. .
C2O Market et. <opp. Palace Uot61), S. F.
TONG F»O CHY;
>j*H5b»L . Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI.
j-<ir/y "¦C^fc . graduate of Oantcn.- M»sJIcal
?gffiwa: College.' a.fter a very Eucceee-
w"vo*}»il ful. practice, of many years In
i&n yseSr China. ¦. has located In San
rf:^ Jb ¦ Frahc»»co. The* aurprisinz and
13' ™ ti- marvelous curea eff.ected by
Sgj, y ¦ his h>rba demonstrate their
. i^jter.ce and his sJcJlL Theso
i jBk+ B . hTb*" wire •. over 400 different
4S3Bfi3&lGp*£* tfis»«se«. lacludirg Hriphfa
*V««»***-.4*/$. r^ UiFea^e, Dial>ete*. Consump-'
*'<r=.i"-^J " - lion. A*Uitpa. Paralysis. Uraln.
r:crve. Cenccr*. Tuincrs.. Blood. Male and Fe-
rr.ole' Maladios. All pemor.j at^icted with -any
kir.d'of rrialady .whatroovcr are Invited to calL
orfice 727 WAshir-Btca et. Office hours— S a,
m to 12 ra.. I to S p. hi.: Sundays. 10a. m. to
ZS tn. Accept o?r8teful thanks for : effecting a
cure of aHthmaJof sevfral years' Ftandlnif.
A, DAIiLET. Saa RafaeL
*v« — <f^f^r^'.n m 1!{c f* l * * noc-polsonotis
reaodj for Moaorrho^a,
jnSEMPcflirDTma hp.«*rxr.at»irho u.,
iK^i»lu.4'j'»»i-v5 W £J !< "- unnatural Ah.
[S&Sf otu-anfrd M chargi . or any iaaisinma-
fe ua if oot u. tuictir*. tipa. I rltation -or ulr<-ra-
u*i %'rrn-i.ti eo;'»c"L tioB .f -to neons mem-
igSJTKEEi-m ClimxttCa. branei. -Son-««tringent.
; .o.^ > oId t *' »r B « Uu .
Wdk < rr « » TBTor «ent in plain, wrapper,
S^^ygty^ftP^v- a ";. ;ular rent cp requert.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
M/SS FRANCES M. ANDERSON, daughter of HON. JUDGE
ANDERSON of Virginia, is at present in Washington, D. C.,. as
Corresponding Secretary of the Higher Educational League, of
that city. Cursd of La Grippe by Peruna. •
PERFECT •
Used by people of xeflnemeat
for over a Quarter of a centtiryi. , •
"I was troubled with Protrudlnc Piles manjr-
years. Tried every remedy I could hear Ct aajj
had them cut out twice. ' I despaired of a
cure until I . tried . Verus Pile Cure. I wa»
never eo surprised in my life to flnd myselS. •
cured before using half a box. It t* Indeed. '
wonderful. E. P. WEIDN'ER. -•
•1173 Flfth,«t.. D«s Molnes. Iowa."" •
We will par any one $30 who cannot -hi
cured with VERUS PILE CURE. Price fZ 00. * *
OTrr 10. COO eure^. ; No claim for rewirrt. - - T
YERUS PILE CURE CO., RQOH 226, WilSOU BI*-\ ¦
Or the old and reliable ELLINGTON DRUG
CO.. Agents, corner Fourth and Spring mta.-.
Los Angeles. Cal. ' •
3 visi- OR- JORDAN'S mmti--
IHBSE0B OF fiMTOjm-
j A C% . i:a juozi* 3S.SW- SAi?a. cy.cn. J .
T - C/ Tba Larznt Anatomical Miacuai in tba V
j A ,-f t --Jft- , V'ortd. WekkactM* or any contracted £•
' ' fKr MU^ diie.no pc--:lii i ' •! r cuiw !>jr the otdm '
' 9 ' t JS9 31 apeculiit cu th. Couc Est 36 yean. $ .
d /fir £ os * *Q3a«i~?ar; £T= 'JSeaszs «
\ J&jttdQ C«xn!t3tko.frie and stti'tiT priraJ- \ .
A g NyJ/Jl Tn «:n»ent prrsnmSty or by l«trr. A Q .
We hT TlB /Win* CWfin erery case undertaken. T
iS*// lllf. Writaforr!«*.Pajl.OsaJ«»V«*A . *
Wili \\n JiABOLUK. MAtLMD »2OS. Uf.
9 nu soun&is * «;•.. iom itartiat Sst..£. R.r
Frances
A great two-step by Eduard
Strauss, the waltz king, will
be given free with next, Sun-
day 's Call. This is a gem— do
not fail to get it."HI, WHAT ARB >j KPU DOING THERE? DON'T YOU KNOW WHEN
YOU'RE WHIPPED?"— INDIANAPOLIS NEWS.
One of the enterprising New York weeklies has
announced to 'the public that it will do adman's read
ing for him and furnish- him information on every
tcpic of the time thoroughly digested; and the offer
will be attractive to persons who do. not like to read,
but we advise all persons who wish to keep posted to
take a daily newspaper aad do their own reading.
LONDON authorities have estimated that the
contributions and bequests for charitable
purposes in the United Kingdom during
the closing year of the century would amount to
about $20,000,000. That sum is larger than the aver
age.of annual contributions for such purposes, owing
partly to several large bequests, but mainly to the de
mands for charity made by the war in South Africa
and the famine in India. x
How much has been given by will or otherwise for
charity in this country has not so far as we know been
computed with anything like accuracy. It would
doubtless fall far short of the amount devoted to that
purpose in Great Britain, for, fortunately, we have a
population so generally prosperous it is very rare
that any large charitable donations are called for.
The altruism of Americans flows in many directions
other than that of charity. It shows itself mainly in
contributions for education in one form or another,
and founds or endows libraries, art galleries, museums
c f science, colleges and universities.
The Chicago Tribune, which keeps a list of large
contributions of the kind, reports that the total con
tributions for charity and education in one form v or
another during the year in this country amount to
about $60,000,000. It is to be borne in mind that sum
is made up only of contributions of $1000 or more,
and does not include all that Americans have given for
such purposes. Furthermore, the sum is about $20,
000,000 less than that which was donated for similar
purposes last year.
According to a summary of the figures given by
'the Tribune, almost exactly half of the donations of
the current year have been made to educational insti
tutions, and half of the $30,000,000 has been received
by thirty-six of the larger colleges and universities.
CHflRITY 0ND LIBERALITY.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TWO-AND-A-HALF PIECE-M. E. E..
City. A two-dollar-and-flfty-cent piece
of 1S53 does not command a premium from
dealers.
WITHOUT THE LEGEND— M. C.
Fresno, CaL A fifty-cent piece of 1836
without the legend "E Plurtbus Unum"
on the reverse commands a premium of
from 25 cents to Jl 25, according to condi
tion, t
The HORSE GUARDS— Subscriber, Oak
land, Cal. The English Horse Guards, as
a regiment, was instituted in the reign
of Edward VI. 1550, and received by
Charles II in 1661.
COLUMBUS— Subscriber, Denio, Hartley
County, Or. While on the voyage that
Columbus made which terminated In the
discovery of America he made a stop at
the Canaries to make repairs ,to snips.
The Islands belong to Spain.
A SEAT— Commuter, Oakland, Cal. "A
ticket sold by a railroad company guaran
tees a passage from point of sale- to point
to which it is sold, but does not guarantee
a seat to the holder of the ticket unless
that Is stipulated at the time of the sale
of the ticket. . . . •
NO DEMAND FOR SPANISH COINS—
Constant Reader. Oakland, Cal. ¦ There
is no demand for Spanish coins Issued
during the reign of Ferdinand VI, 1748-59.
Coin* of his reign ere offered as follows,
which will give you an idea of the market
value: real. 25 cents; 1 real, 25 cents;
2 reales, 40 cents;. 4 reales, SI; 8 reales, $2.
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS — Subscriber,
Denio, Harney County, Or. The Hawai
ian Islands were discovered by • Captain.
Cook, the navigator. In December, 1778,
and he named them the Sandwich Islands
for Lord Sandwich, who was then the first
lord of the admiralty. Hawaii, the largest
island, was originally called by the na
tives Owyhee.
A CITIZEN'S DUTY— P.-F., City. A
citizen of the United States is bound to
support. the constitution, and. "In case: of
civil war,, foreign war, invasion or other
circumstances calling citizens to take. up
arms." citizens who are not in the regu
lar army or the militia may be called
upon to volunteer,' and if there are ¦ not
enough volunteers then a 'draft may be
resorted to, so "a citizen may be forced
to take up arms against his wlll.V A man
cannot be a citizen of the United States
and enjoy the benefits of -such citizenship
without assuming its responsibilities. • ¦ — •
A FAMILY OF STATESMEN.
WHEN Lord Salisbury met Parliament in special
6ession after the reorganization of his Cabinet
following the general election, it will be re
membered that Rosebery congratulated him on hav
ing so many statesmen in his family. The sarcasm of
the remark was not lost upon the British public, and
there has been ever since a running fire of criticism
and condemnation upon the Prime' Minister for
putting so many members of his family into his -Min
istry.
In one of these criticisms a member of Parlia
ment stated that the Cecil family is now drawing up
ward of £17,000 a year "from a. generous but un
consenting cotintry." The accuracy of the statement
was challenged, and to justify it the London Chronicle
published the following list of offices held and salaries
drawn by the Premier and his kinsmen: l
Lord Salisbury (Lord Privy Seal)... £2000
A. J. Balfour (nephew) (First Lord of the Treasury) 5000
Lord Selbome (son-in-law) (First Lord of the Ad
miralty) ' 4553
Gerald Balf our (nephew) (President of the Board
of Trade)..... 2000
Lord Cranborne (son) (Under Secretary for For
eign Affairs) .... '„ I J500
The Chronicle adds: "These- figures, it will be
seen, total iiSflSO, the amount we gave roughly in our
leading article of * yesterday. In order, therefore, to
arriyc at the £17,000 of Mr. Bartley, it would be neces
sary to, include the sum received by Lord William
Cecil as rector of Bishop's St. Etheldreda, Hatfield,
which, according to the clergy list, is £1432 gross and
£975 net. It is only fair to point out, however, thai
the patron of the living is the Marquis of Salisbu-y
himself."
It is to be noted that while the grant of so many
positions in the. Ministry to' members of, the family
of the Prime Minister has aroused criticism and com
ment in Great Britain, there has been nothing that
shows any outburst of public indignation. The'peo
ple appear to have become accustomed to -support
aristocratic families and princes, and to look upon
Salisbury's action as a novelty more than anything
else— but what a ' howl about , "nepotism" would go
up in this country should a President of the United
States' place so many of his kinfolks in high office
at big salaries.
CALTFORNIANS IN "WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Jan.. 2.— J. M. Gleaves
of San Francisco Is at the Johnson; R. D.
S. Wales of San Francisco is at the St.
James; E. Burke of Los Angeles and E.
W. Gould of California are at the Raleigh.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Frank H. Buck of Vacaville Is stopping
at the Palace.
T. Spellaey, an oil man of Bakersfleld,
is at the Palac«.
Former Superior Judge J. M. Walling of
Nevada City is at the Russ.
Guy T. Berry, an oil man of Los An
geles, is a guest at the Palace.
F. F. Marks and wife of Elk Park, Cal.,
are stopping at the Palace Hotel.
L. 6. Alexander, a Watsonvtlle mer
chant, is a guest at the Occidental. _
H. J. Small, superintendent of con
struction of the Southern Pacific at Sacra
mento, Is at the Palaco.
Gerrlt Fort, assistant general passenger
agent of th© Union Pacific, accompanied
by his wife, left yesterday for Los An
geles..
E. O. McCormlck, passenger traffic
manager of the Southerp. Pacific, arrived
In the city yesterday afternoon accom
panied by his private secretary! William
G. Gardner. .They have been on a vidit
to Paso Robles and havo been .away two
weeks.
c; W. Nelson, who ha3 for several years
been employed in the freight office of the
Southern Pacific in this city, has been
appointed traffic, freight and .passenger
agent" of the Illinois Central Railroad
with headquarters in this city. He was
the recipient of many congratulations yes
terday.
H. E. Huntlngton left on a special train
last evening to inspect the new Coast
road. This will be t*ue first train that
will run over the new line. It is more
than possible that Huntington will re
main in Los Angeles until President Hays
arrives in that city, and will Journey with
him to San Francisco.
THE SHIPPING BILL
QN reassembling: after the holiday recess it is
exacted that Congress will give- active atten
' tion to the trill, for encouragement of Ameri
can ships a:i4.'5iiij>-buildir.g.
/ It is evident that powerful influences are at work
ggair.st the measure, and that they are all the more to
be Teared' because their opposition is indirect. The
Merchants' Association of New York is in con
troversy with the Senate Committee on .Commerce
over the" bilL Professing to favor some such general
measure, the association antagonizes the feature of the
till giving admission to American register, and half
Eubsidj, to foreign built steamers. This controversy
drew a letter "from Senator Frye, chairman of the
Senate Committee on Commerce, in which he ex
plainedthat that feature of the bill is for the purpose
of immediately .establishing an American trans-
Atlar.tic line. The owners of such foreign built ton
nage are by the bill required to build as much Ameri
can as they -own of foreign built tonnage, compelling
the duplication o{ their passenger and freight facili
ties. This is denounced by. the-; association as class
legislation. In the correspondence is revealed inad
vertently what may be the- ulterior view of the asso
ciation. Its representative, Mf. Duval, in his com
munication to Senator Frye, says that, "For strictly
commercial purposes, however, the benefit of Ameri
can tonnage tinder the American flag is distinctly
sentimental.* \V« do not. agree with that view, and
¦we think the New York Merchants' Association is in
error. ;It is no more a sentimental matter' than any
other measure designed for the protection of Ameri
<zzi interests- and the conservation of the energies of
our people for their own benefit Instead of being
sentimental it is intensely practical. . An American
company already owning foreign built steamers, if
compelled to duplicate itstonnage by American buil:
ships in .order to receive any. benefit from the law,
is certainly in, a better position to proceed to the em
ployment of American ship-builders and the use of
American material than would the case of a new and
inexperienced company to be.. organized and enter a
field where it has no existing activities nor past exV
perience.- The purpose -61 that -feature is to encour
age the enterprise of our countrymen already engaged
in ocean .carrying and to get immediate results.
We fear that the denunciation of. the idea of Ameri
,can freight under .the Americas flag- as merely senti
mental means that among -the merchants of New
"York there is- but little desire to change from depen
dence., on' foreign to the- independence that will be
.stimulated by the building of American ships.- We
fear this ,in spite of the concurrent profession of the
association that it favors the* general proposition.
The president of the .association, Mr. William F.
King, in. a reply to Senator Frye's letter, says: "We
do not believe, however, that a subsidy bill is so neces
sary as to warrant the granting <jf power to a few to
oppress commerce, and we 'dp not believe that any
legislation "is so important or urgent as to sustain a
charge of class legislation and all the 'adverse senti
ment tsrh-ich that will evoke."
Does it not appear that Mr. King understands the
tactical value of calling a thing by a bad name for the
purpose of enlisting prejudice to oppose it?
His letter would- b- a' stronger appeal to reason if
he had explained how commerce can be oppressed
By compelling an American company to duplicate its
tonnage by American construction, thus doubling the
facilities of commerce, before that company can touch
or enjoy a dollar of subsidy. •
He makes the statement and omrts its proof, be
cause it cannot be proved.
Choice candles. Townsend's.Palace- HoteL*
Townsend's California glace fruits, >)c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern frien<*3.
633 Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st Telephone Main 1042. •
Holland has nine miles ef canal tor
every 100 square miles of surface. 2700
miles In all. ' ¦ >•'.•: ¦ -
George, the colored Janitor, needed some
money and went to the church treasurer
for It.
"There isn't a cent In my hands' Just
now, sai-3 thet officer, "and won't be till
next Sunday's collections are handed
over. Can't you wait till then?"
"Don't see hoW I kin, Mistah Guhney,"
persisted George. "K'yarn't run de house
wldout money.
"The best I can do for you," returned
the treasurer, "will be to advance you $3
out of my own pocket and run my risk of
getting it back from the church."
"Well, suh," solemnly rejoined the Jan
itor, "ef you don' git it back fm de
chu'eh, Mistah Gubney, you'll git yo* re
ward In de good world, but It's dlff'nt
wld me. Ef I cain't git dat free dollahs
f'm you I'd like f know whah I kin!'
"What ten books would you take If you
had to pass the rest of your life on a
desert island?"
"Oh, I wouldn't take books at all- I'd
take things to eat."— Indianapolis Press.
Visitor— Why are you walking up and
down here?
Soldier— I am on sentry duty.
Visitor— Why don't you sit down?
¦ Soldier— Because I am part of the stand
ing army.— Newark Advertiser.
"I suppose there are lots of gossips at
your boarding-house. What do you mostly
talk about?"
"Well, we usually talk about the dlnlne
room table."— Philadelphia Bulletin.
"Aren't you worried a little over your
daughter's mannishness?"
"Not a bit of it. I saw her try to throw
a stone at a dog yesterday."— Cleveland
± lain Dealer.
3 */ I trled 8Om ® ot thos« 'Sim
ple Dishes for Luncheon.' "
"How did they come out?"
_ 'I pot them done in time for dinner."—
Chicago Record.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Gas Consumers' Association, 344 Po«t «., re
duces gas bills- from 20 to 40 per cent. .Qas and
electric meters tested. Electrical department.
All kinds of electric work promptly attended to.*
QUEEN WILHELMINA'S DUKE
IS A NOTABLE LADY KILLER
Ldttlo Queen Wilhelmlna's selection of a husband Is the least handsome of
the brothers Mecklenburg-Schwerln, saj ; s a correspondent of the Baltimore
American. .
Gossips whisper that the Duke was taken by surprise and yet It was not
the first time. In spite of being a good deal of a detrimental, that he has*
been admired by royal ladles. Everybody knows, says the exchansre. that
when pretty Princess Helena of Russia suddenly broke her engagement with
Max of Baden it was because she hoped to persuade her parents to let her
marry the stout blonde young duckling: whom tVilhelmlna has. selected; and
the youngest daughter of the Duke of Edinburgh has loved the Duke In vain.
In short, Helnrlch of Mecklenburg-Schwerin Is a good deal of a lady killer,
and he knows it. Fat and plain of face and, for a royal person, distinctly
poverty stricken, he has a fascination for womankind, the sort of fascina
tion that there Is no use trying to explain, because it is not perceptible to
any but the persons fascinated. V,
One of the men who possessed this faculty to a most surprising degree
was Napoleon Bonaparte's rival in the affections of Marie Louise, the in
famous and all-powerful Neipperg. He was an ugly creature, with small abil
ities, and yet smaller fortune, and he had broken many hearts about the
Austrian court before Marie Louise saw and tell furiously In love with him.
With everything to lose and nothing to gain by her encouragement of the
man, she left no stone unturned until she was able to make' herself Xelp
perg's -wife. In the eyes of the world it was a terrible degradation for the
widow of the French Emperor to become the wife of an Austrian Count, but
she cared not a whit what the world said, as was the case with the women
who ran after tbe ugly spendthrift Wilkes and the mad Due de Richelieu.
Wllkes was famous in his day all over England, not only as Lord Mayor
and Chamberlain and a very loud talking patriot but as the ugliest man of
his time and the most admired by the women. He flouted and ill treated all
of them, with the exception of his daughter, but it had -not the desired ef
fect of cooling their affections. As to the Due de Richelieu, though men could
not tolerate him, when he was shut Up in the Bastllf* crowds of women, old
and young, rich' and poor, used to collect every day at the hour when he took
his exercise on the parapets and adore him from a distance, and deplore the
incarceration of so. charming a person. ¦!•;¦ -•"»;
Theodore Hook^ras another ugly man who was Irresistible to the softer
sex, for it is proven clearly that when a man Is agreeable to women they
care'nofMnjthe least what his personal appearance may be. Liszt proved
this; when an* old man, with a hard, ugly face, women begged permission
to kiss his ugly hands and raved and sentimentalized over him as though
he was Adonis' self. Dozens of school girls and Countesses who worshiped at
his shrine cared not a pin for his music, nor understood a note of It, but were
keenly alive to the charm of his personality, which no woman, so far as we
know, was ever able or willing to withstand.
THURSDAY.,... r . ...... JANUARY 3. 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. '.
lltrett An Cen:rrctie«.tleci U W. 8. LEASE, MuminSfifSZ
PUBLICATION OFFICE.., Market and Third. S. F.
.' '"• Telephone Press 2O1. ;,-';
KbrTOBIAi, ROOMS.. ...217 to 221 Stevennon St.
Telephone Prem* 202. . v" r \
Delivered fcy- Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per WeeV.
' . • . Sit nsjle Conies. B Cent*. . . -
• Term* by Mall. Including: J'o«<ncei
DA.TTjT CAXJ* (lncJuflirg Sunday); fc = e year $I.M
I>-^ri>T..CAXX' anc'.uein* Sunday^ C months J.09
.X>AXI,T-CAn. (including- Sunday). S .month* 1.50
DAILT CAIA-Bt E!r E > Month CSe
FCM3AT CAUL. One Tear....... ...... 1.S9
VTETKLT CALU On. Year...:.... „....;...... l.M
. -All postmaster* "sire nniharlrrd to receive
x ' ¦ «n>.»rr1pilnn«. - .
*. • S£=p:* cop!«9 will be forwarded when requested.
.Mall eab*cr!bfiT !n cr<5»ring chans* of adflrws nhouia 1*
r*rticc!*r to sive both NEW. AND OLD ADDnESS In ord*r
-to m*ur» a.prcrspt a^d correct ccmpll&nce with their r«iu«st.
OAKLAND OFFICE. . . . . , . . . , . . . .JUS Broadway
. ¦ C GEORGE IOIOCXES5.
X*s*g*r TTtlga'AtrtTtU'jig, KartsttU Building. CUesgt.
(Loryj instance . Telephone "Central ««.")
KETTC* . YORK. COKHESPOKDENT: ¦" ¦ ¦
C C- CAfiLTO X. Herald Square
'• JCTTVT TORK REPREEE^ATTVE:
fcTEPIIE* B. «JITTII. .30 Trlbnne Baildlnff
• KETC TORK NTTWS STA2CDS: ¦
t(*&ldoi-r-A«'toria Hotel; A. Brattniv. a Union Square:
2Ssrrwr KU1 HoteL.
CHICAGO KETSVS STA2O>3:
Ehennas Home! P. O. Kewi Cft.; Gre*t' Northern Hotel:
Pmaoct Hoose; JLudacrtura Hotel. . =
WASHIXGTOX Vp.O OFFICE. . . .140(1 G St., N. W.
. •-•• 21 0 It TO > E. CB.AXK, Correspondent.
»RAJ*CH OFFICES— £« Mootsomery. corner of Clay, open
-until ttt o'clock. 100 Hay.ee, open until »;S9 o'clock. «3J
\ McAllister, opea cr.til 5 :2D o'clock. «15 .Larkin, open until
? :» o'clock. -2*41 .Missica. cp»n unlU 10 o'clock. 5261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open unUJ 9 o'clock. JC96 Valencia, opea
' . . cct'I S o'clock. K)6 Eleventh.- open until » o'clock. ?TW. o<Jr
..• . per Tw*r.ty-#eccnd snd Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
THE NATURAL GAS SUPPLY.
ONE of the industrial advantages enjoyed by
certain portions of the United States during
the latter part v of the last century will probably
pass quickly away in the new. The natural gas supply,
which was at one time supposed to be almost inex
haustible, is vanishing, and unless what remains be
carefully conserved some districts now enjoying- the
advantage of that form of fuel and light will be speed
ily deprived of it.;
Data compiled by the United States Geological
Survey show that during the year 1899 the amount
of natural gas utilized in different parts of' the coun
try was about 108,000,000,000 cubic feet, estimated to
have a fuel value equal to something more than 4,000,
000 tons of coal. It is 6tated that to maintain such a
rate of consumption for more than a year or two
longer will involve opening new fields of supply and
shifting, enlarging and extending thousands of miles
of pipe.
Out of the diminution of the supply there has come
a nice little wrangle between the officers of the In
dianapolis Gas Company and the gas consumers of
the city. In a recent report to the stockholders it
was announced that the directors would have to de
fer action upon the question of dividends. The re
port went on to say the company has' been selling
natural gas in Indianapolis by contract without meter
measurements, being of the belief that the supply was
unlimited; the result has been a great deal of waste
in the use of gas, and "notwithstanding the fact that
\ye have expended large sums of money in new wells,
pump stations and additional pipe lines in the field,
for the purpose of bringing a greater volume of gas
to the city, it has. been found impossible to furnish
a satisfactory service so long as the present wasteful
use of gas is continued."
Had the officers res)ed their case at that point there
would probably have been no protest from the peo
ple further than was required to oppose an introduc
tion of the meter system. The report, however, went
on 'to accuse the citizens 6f something worse than
wasting gas. It was said: "In spite of existing pro
hibitory statutes a large percentage of our customers
have unlawfully increased their supply by the prac
tice known locally as 'boring out' their mixers.
Every effort has been made by your managers to stop
this unlawful wastage, but although the bes^t legal tal
ent has been employed, supported by indisputable
proofs, it has been found utterly 'impossible to secure
a conviction, because of the fact that this illegal prac
tice has been 60 generally indulged in. These vio
lators of the law are not confined to the poor or
vjcious, but include city and county buildings, city
officials, lawyers, churches, ministers of the gospel,
physicians, architects and some of the most prominent
residents and business houses in the city of Indian
apolis." ,
That "charge of an offense which virtually amounts
to stealing has been vigorously denounced as a whole
sale libel upon the citizens. Whether it be true or
false cannot be decided at this distance. It will be
noted the statement itself admits the impossibility of
convicting anybody of the offense. It appears, there
fore, that the cause of all the trouble is the decreasing
supply of the gas. With the diminution in the source
of supply there is a corresponding diminution in the
pressure and the flow. Consequently consumers have
to resort to various devices to obtain as much gas as
they did when their contracts were made.
The only interest outsiders have in the controversy
fs the evidence it affords of the decline in natural gas
supply. "Communities which have had advantages
over others by reason of that form of cheap and con
venient fuel will now have to compete in manufactur
ing without that advantage. As a consequence there
may be a considerable shifting of manufacturing plants
within the next few years, and the natural gas towns
and -cities may lose some of their most important in
dustries. • ; "*• ,l.-,r
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Sailors From Inland States. - . . V.
For reasons of sentiment, as well -as for
more practical considerations, a naval
force containing many men from the in
land States must be preferable to one
drawn almost exclusively from the -e'ein-
Ity of the seaboard.— CHICAGO, RECPRU.
Wait Till Danger Threatens.
We xrould beseech those who see' dan
ger to the liberties of our country in the
proposed army bill to moderate their
transports and take counsel of history
and experience before raising a hullaba
loo that- will be objectionable to the nerves
of our people, as well as the business of
the world, fey continually crying "wolf"
we shall find ourselves unable to rous»
the people when there i3 really a dar.jrer
threatening the fold.-FLORIDA TIMES
UNION. ' . " :-'¦¦
No Foreign Advice. " • .'
No British- advice prompted that war
with Spain which IM up to the acquisi
tion of the Philippines and to the entrance
of the United" States into. Asiatic affairs..
Had ic not been for that war and its con
sequences the United States would not
figure in the Chienso question .as it does
now. it would not be in a : position wh«?T9
it can reject the. propositions of other na-.
tions concerning China- and successfully
urge Its own on them.— CHICAGO TRIB
UNE. • ¦
Gulf Stream Myth.
If by any possibility the- Gulf Stream
were diverted at th« Straits of Florida no
one In England would be a whit . wl?er,
for it Is the aerial drift that has the
Sift of mildness in its flow. The diver
sion of the Gulf Stream bogey may. im
press thosa ¦who have a "smattering of
physiography," . but it has n3 terrors for
him who knows that the ; Gulf Stream
myth has nothing to rest on save the bad
science of fifty years ago and its recru
descence in the present.— WEATHER. RE
VIEW. :
The Monroe Doctrine.
The coming year -will see a preat Pan-
American exhibition held. In one of tha
srreat cities of the 'United States, whica
should greatly Increase mutual knowl
edge, intercourse and friendship between
the two continents of the Western Hemi
sphere, And in the wonderful expansion of
United States industry and commerce
which is now in progress it -will be stxaj.so
if a marked extenston southward does not
occuri In such manner, . thouerh after
nearly fourscore year.', the Monroe doc
trine may be transformed from a techni
cal abstraction,- however i>otent. into a
concrete and controlling factor of inter
national life.— NEW YORK TRIBL'NE. : .
Outlook fox China.
The overthrow- of the Manchu dynasty
and the restoration of pare Chines* Gov
ernment might save ihe empire and maJta
the loss of sovereignty a temporary mis
fortune. This is improbable. The Chi
nese are doubtless about to lose the. rign:
of the free hand in regulating their inter
rial and external affairs. Subjugation wul
only hasten decay, and in the case of a
vast and undeveloped empire in this agu
of active pubjlc conquest and private ex
ploitation, •when the crones and the. in
capables axe being driven out of their fal
low estates by the busy and eager work
ers, decay will be arrested not far la tiia
future by dismemberment, partition, and
the inaustrial dominance of the men of
the living nations.— NEW YORK ? 1ME3.
Era of Good Feeling. . .V "
Success wins respect, and when th •> suc
cess is something which advances tne so
cial condition of the masses of tlie- peopl«
and increases the country's prestige In
the rest of tha world It arouses th* peo
pie's pride. . banishes partisanship, and
makes men more and more proud of th«
nation and Its officials. Kb President bas
ever entered a .term of ofBce under hap
pier conditions than thcree which will
present themselves to Mr. McKlnley . at
the outset in the four years which begin
a few .months hence. Jsever was there
less partisan bias In the consideration of
the great auestions wlih which tee Re
publicans, as the dominant element, have
brought forward In Congress than is
shown at this moment. — ST. LOUTS
GLOBD-DEMOCRAT.
Uniform Divorce Law.
It la the high duty of the Government
to maintain social order and public
morals, and we have reached a point trr
our social system when it is an imperious
cece*slty that a uniform divorce law
should come from the highest authority
of the nation Itself. Such a law would
doubtless be framed on the lines of Jus
tice, and with such a law th© haphazard
marriages of adventurers and adventur
esses and the disgraceful remarriages
which now shame nearly every social cir
cle of the land would be finally over
thrown. Let Congress propose the neces
eary amendment to the constitution, and
the States will promptly and gladly ap
prove it, providing; for a- uniform divorce
law that would op supreme in every
State of the Unibn.— PHILADEXJPHIA
TIMES.
The Methodist twentieth century thank offering has
enriched educational institutions by $3,142,532. Li
braries have received about $6,560,000, mostly for new
buildings. Of this sum Andrew Carnegie has given
$4,195,000 within the year. Charities have received
$13,390,176, which is a little more than in 1899.
Churches and church enterprises have received $8,799,
605, which is $6,000,000 more than the year before.
It willbe seen the old century has set .the. new a
good example in the way of liberality and charity in
America and Great Britain; norvcan it be doubted
that a showing equally creditable would be made for
other civilized nations were the * extent of their con
tributions known. These virtues are manifest where
ever the higher forms of humanity exist, and, fortu
nately, the manifestations are increasing with the
years.
THE State institutions of California are adminis
tered by directors and trustees, who. serve with
out pay. In the case of most of them provision
Is made for payment of their actual expenses when on
duty. Every public institution, from the university
to the Home for the Feeble-minded, is managed, ad
ministered and controlled by citizens who give to the
public, free of cost, their time and such attention as
they can bestow. This implies an admirable public
spirit on their part, for which they deserve the good
will of the people. There are occasional failures of
excellence in management, and there have been rare
instances of carelessness and perhaps corruption —
cases in which an unsalaried director or trustee has
been willing to profit him6elf out of his office. But
these- lapses have been so infrequent as not to supply
any argument against the general system. .As com
pared with the well salaried Harbor Commission, the
unsalaried boards of State institutions stand in con
spicuous and honorable contrast. This seems to prove
that the payment of salaries is no safeguard against
improper use of official opportunity. We do not in
tend that this illustration shall- apply specifically to the
existing Harbor Commission, which seems to be
equal to the best of its predecessors, but to the many
scandals that have stained that part of the public ad
ministration in the past.
For years a proposition has been in the air for the
creation of a State Board of Charities and Correc
tions. An act creating such a board was passed hy
the last Legislature and sustained a pocket veto by
the Governor.
The subject has since been agitated, and the propo
sition is expected to take shape at the meeting: of the
State Association of Charities and Corrections to be
held in Oakland next Friday.
As far as the plan has crystallized it calls for a bi
partisan bod}-, unsalaried, but with a paid secretary,
who will naturally become the executive officer of the
board and will really do the business assigned to it.
This board will neither appoint officers and employes
of the State institutions, nor* purchase their supplies,
but will have a visitorial and supervisory function. It
will have oversight of the directors and' trustees of
the institutions, enforce a common system of keeping
books and accounts, and will recommend to the Leg
islature the appropriation actually required for the
institutions under its jurisdiction. Every one who has
experience in the management of punitive, eleemosy
inary and correction work will see that a board with
such functions can be of genuine service.
Two things must be kept in sight in the operation
of -every public institution. One is its work in the
line of the purpose for which it exists, and the other
is the business economy of its administration. On
every local board of trustees and directors there
should be some member, or members, whose knowl
edge and sympathies are with the purpose of the in
stitution which they manage. On the Board of Re
gents of the University should be members who cher
ish, from experience, a proper ideal of university
work. The Normal schools are benefited by the pres
ence of trustees who know about the teaching of
teachers, who know that not every scholar can teach,
and that the ability to impart knowledge does not
necessarily go with its possession. On every direc
tcry for the insane should be some who are in touch
with the latest conclusions of science in the treatment
of mental alienation. The State schools for incorri
gible juveniles should be very carefully officered;
their directories should be men and women wise in
the ways of salvation to good citizenship of the
young, who have been too early perverted by neglect
and bad training. Now all men of experience know
that such individuals may be far less expert in busi
ness than in the humane specialties which equip them
for properly administering an institution in line with
its purpose. For that reason the merely business
oversight may often be usefully given to such a
board as is proposed. But such a board should have
nothing to do with patronage or purchases. Its duty
should be the enforcement of business economies
upon the local trustees and directors. To give it
patronage_and the purchase of supplies would surely
lead to corruption, and as surely to the injury of the
institutions, and to their diversion from their 'pur
pose.
Impinged upon this proposition is another that may
well be considered. The auditing and allowance of
the bills of the State institutions are now done by the
Board of Examiners, consisting of the Governor and
other State officers. The duty is imposed upon them
by statute. The constitution defines the duties of
these officers, and those of the Board of Examiners
are not among them. With the multiplication of State
institutions the business of the board has^risen until
it nearly submerges th.e ex-officio members who com
pose it. It is proposed to make the new Board of
Charities and Corrections a Board of Audit of these
thousands of accounts, relieving the Governor and
other officers of a duty that is a burden when added
to their constitutional functions. In that shape we
are not prepared to deny that there is merit in the
plan for this addition to the machinery of the State.
But if it take the shape of a purchasing and patron
age agency, only evil will result from it.
THE STATE'S CHARITIES.
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, JANUARY 3, 1901.
A PAINFUL SURPRISE.
6
AUCTION" SALES.
Br S. VTaOclE*— F&ninSay. January 5. at 10 o'clock. Hons<*
€Zt O2rria€*e. at IIJBf Goia« Gat* avenue.
•.• . . .'AMUSEMENTS.
— ¦ — .' -i
; CV^tTJil .Tfce*fpp-"The Hfart of Maryland. " .
.. '. Qjlifsrsla— Strauss' Orchestra. . .
' ' . Orrheuni — VauoeyiUe. ¦ • . .
Grand Opera-ilouse — "?Ceil Gwjt."
¦ •• Albsjnbra — "."SJienarKloali."
Alc&siT— "Nell Gwycne." ¦ .
•. ' Onlmnlii* "TliB Eel'.t ci New Tork."
Ti voU— "Cinderella."
¦ Olyrtipla. comer Mason and Eddy etreets^S pecialties.
Chutes. .Zoo acd Tte«ter— : Vaudevi>le every afternoon and
•v*r.:r.g. . ' •
" Hsch^s-VauaevUle. . * •
Metropolitan- Temple— Tale Gle* 'and 'Banjo Clabe.
Metropolitan Tesaple — Hen*ch«l Xtecitals, -Tuesday. Feb. 5.
ORj'.fomia Jockey Clxib 'Oakland)— Races:
ARE WE TO ¦¦"¦¦¦ KUl
HAVE AN EPIDEMIC HH
OF KIDNAPING? .
ZZZZ^HZ^IZZ P1NKERTON SAY$ "YES." '. _
SEYMOUR SAYS " WO." . ¦
THE SUNDAY CALL
JANUARY 6, 1901. . \ :
A San Francisco '¦¦ Fi*cc With Next
Violinist Relates ==zz Sunday's Call—
His Experiences E=i=E Eduard Strauss'
as -"Fiddler" to ¦ Best Two-Step.
New York's 400. TKE : : '-
_ _ Sunday How to Flirt With
The Biggest *«*£? a 'Fan.
Game Heads and *"• ~ : "T
Skins "° T stor y o? the King
You Ever Saw. "'" of Cattle Kin £ s -
Do You Know Him? . ••
Ropes of Pearls 1 Peck's Bad Boy:
for Corsage and j Arrives in New
Coiffure. Z ==1 York. .
new series MR. BOWSER'S TRIBULATIONS.
OF - - ' ; BY C.'B. £EW1S.
« U £ N^L ~ THE "WIDOW MAGOOGIN PAPERS.
STORIES. BY JOHN J. JENNINGS.Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Olive A. Clark against George A. Clark
for failure to provide, and Grant Haw
thorne against I|elle Hawthorne for de
sertion.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Petitions In Insolvency .were filed In the
"United States District: Court 'yesterday:
Ebellng &Bornhorst, ; winemakers of Cal
istoga, Napa County, liabilities .: J8649 26,
no assets. Taber Brothers, retail-jew
elers,. of San Francisco, liabilities $70M,
no assets. . " . •''
Two Insolvencies.
M. S. Morll, a Japanese, -was arrested
yesterday om the Mail Dock by Deputy
Immigration Commissioner. H. H. Schell
on a charge of bribery. Morll ap
proached * Schell In the morning and of
fered him $100 cash to land four Japanese
girls on the City of Peking. He said that
he wanted one, Nuku Yamagohl lended at
once, and he offered $25 In gold. Captain
Schell appointed an hour later, and in the
meantime laid i the matter ¦ before .' Immi
gration Commissioner North As
sistant United States Attorney Banning.
He ; was advlspd to go with ' a witness to
Morll'and accept the money. This was
done and the Jap was arrested.
Arrested for Bribery.
Col. J. S. Young has sold, his interest" In
the Russ House to C. R. Harrison, who
takes possession to-day. Col. Young takes
this opportunity of thanking his friends
for their patronage and asks them to con
tinue the same with the new manage
ment. They will find that Mr. C. R. .Har
rison will extend every courtesy that has
been associated with the Russ House In
the past. Mr. Young hereby announces
that all persons owing bills to him will
please come forward and pay the same,
and any person having a" bill against Mr.
Young will present the same for collec
tion on or before Friday, the 4th day of
January, 1901. between the hours of 9 a. m.
and 4 p. m., at the office of the .Russ
House. , •
A Well-Known San Francisco Hos
telry Changes Hands.
Next Sunday will be a gala day at
Schuetzon Park. The California Schuet
zen Club will celebrate the twenty-fifth
anniversary of. Its organization and fully
350 crack marksmen will be present with
their wives and families. A handsomely
painted golden bear .will be the target for
the morning shoot, and the member mak
ing the highest score with one shot will
be crowned "Jubilee King" and presented
with a handsome silver- goblet. ¦
After the celebration the members will
assemble In the banquet hair and partake
of a finely prepared ; menu. The affair
Is In the hands of. the following commit
tee of arrangements: Chairman, D." B.
Faktor A. Rahwyler, F. Levers, L.. C.
Babln, J. Straub. E. P. Schuster. C. M.
Henderson, J. C. Waller, A. L, Ott, F. A.
Kuhls L. J. Reubold, C." Thlerbach, O.
Brerae'r. Ij. Haake. A. Becker, T. J. Car
roll F. A. Schumpf, , R. Stetton, K.
Langer. The officers of the/ first organ
ization, many of whom are still members
and holding office, will be present and
participate In the different events.
Celebrated at Their Park in
Grand Style.
Twenty-Fifth Anniversary Will Be
SCHUETZEN CLUB WILL
HOLD JUBILEE SHOOT
the machinery rude and the women's
parts played by squeaking boys? Their
imaginations responded to the poet's call,
and as they listened to his lines they saw
before them "the very helms that did af
fright the air at Agincourt'.': they wan
dered through the leafy glades o* Arden
with Rosalind and her lover, and heard
the breakers roar about the enchanted Isl
and of Prospero. Part at least of Shakes
peare's greatness as a poet, much of his
success as a dramatist, was due. to the
Imaginative sympathy and poetic -appre
ciation of the audiences for which ho
wrote. T. M. PARROTT.
Princeton University.
WARREN" T.TIAVES' MANILA
WITH SICK. SOLDIERS
Transport Also Carries in Its Hold
More Than One Hundred Dead
. Bodies.
A cablegram has been received at army
headquarters announcing the departure
from. Manila on December 30 of the trans
port Warren. The cable also states that
the vessel carried the bodies of 10S «ol
dlera who died in the Island and 4S4 con
valescents.
A force of Quartermaster"* employees
worked all last night on the new morgue
being erected near the Presidio # wharf.
This was necessary In order to have ths
building- ready for the 400 bodies on the
Grant, which will be taken from tha
tansport tlU9 •mornlne. The grewsomo •
cargo will be taken »o, the Presidio on
the river steamer Resolute.
James Pagan, Company G-, Twenty-sec
ond Infantry, and Benjamin O. Seagraves.
Company H. Thirty-second Infantry, died
yesterday at the General Hospital.
Captain Hardln. of the new provisional
battalion now occupying Model Camp. '
has been relieved from -all court martial
duty, In order that his entire attention
can be given to the drilling of the
"rookies."
Dr. Holmes, surgeon of the Government
transport Grant, attempted to carry
a bolt of silk ashore In his baeea^e yes
terday. When the dutiable goods were
discovered by Customs Inspector Enlow,
the Inspector notified the doctor that the
silk would be sent to the Appraiser for
valuation and the collection of duty there
on.
"Never mind." said the doctor. "I'll send
it back to my room on the Grant."
He then called on Assistant A. Mllthorp
and drew- him out of earshot of the In
spector and whispered something" Into his
ear. Milthorp nodded ond took the bolt
of silk" on board the Grant, and the doctor
went ashore. Fifteen minutes later Mil
thorp came down the gangway with an
innocent air. He was stopped and
searched, and the bolt of silk was found
concealed on his person.
Milthorp was arrested on the charge ot
smuggling, and the end Is not yet.
STTRGEON'S ASSISTANT
CAUGHT SMUGGIilNG
Tries to Take Ashore a Bolt of Silk
for Dr. Holmes of the
Grant. . . .'-7
nected with Shakespeare's work, for It
was by the discharge of a pair of "cham
bers" (small pieces 6f ordnance) that the
thatched roof was set on fire, and within
an hour the whole "virtuous fabric"
burned to the ground. Fortunately, In
spite of there being but two narrow exits,
no loss of life occurred, although there
was a notable destiuctlon of forsaken
cloaks and playhouse properties. "Only
one man," writes a laughing contempo
rary, "had his breeches set on fire, which
would perhaps have broiled him If he had
not. by the benefit of a provident wit, put
it out with bottle ale."
Shakespeare was probably not present
THE OLD GLOBE THEATER ON THE BARKSIDE, IN WHICH "LEAK,"
"OTHELLO." "MACBETH" AND "WINTER'S TALE" WERE FIRST
PRODUCED.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. 2.— The gold
production of Oregon for the year 1900
amounted to $3,770,000. The lumber out
put of the State for the year amounted
to 898,160,000 feet.
Oregon's Gold Output.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.- The Lunacy Com
missioners have found AVUllam H. Daly,
a Fresno mill-worker. ,65 years old, to be
of unsound mind. Daly complained to the
police last Saturday thai three strangers
had lassoed and robbed him of $175. Since
then he has labored ur.der the hallucina
tion that the men are following him to
kill him. This morning he became violent
and the landlady of the boarding-house
where he stopped notified the police.
Mrs. Jennie Hersey, whose case was de
scribed in this morning's Call, was com
mitted to the Stockton insane Asylum to
day by Judge Greene. The; specialists
who examined her expressed the opinion
that*her mania .was temporary and would
yield. to treatment.
After Robbing Him.
Aged Laborer Pursued by Phantom.
Murderers Seeking His Life
CRAZED BY IMAGINED
THEFT OF HIS MONEY
The Yale Glee and Banjo Club concerts
will take place this evening at Metro
politan Temple, and to-morrow afternoon
at 2 o'clock at the Grand Opera-house.
Seats are now on sale at •fiherman-Clay's
music store.
Season tickets for the Henschel fare
well recitals, to be given In February at
Metropolitan Hall, will be placed on sale
at Sherman-Clay's music store, next Mon
day morning.
* • • • ¦
The Chutes Christmas Tree, with pres
ents for all the children, along with a
good holiday bill, has been drawing a
worthy share of the New Year patronage
'A "black ballet" and "amateurs' night
is set for this evening.
The Grazer children and Blanche Tre
lease, in a Christmas fancy at Fischer's
Opera-house have been entertaining good
crowds, with Stanley and Woodward,
Leandor Bros., and others to assist.
¦ • • •
. The Orpheum "Road Show" is in Its
second and final week of the most re
markable vaudeville success of the year.
Lola and Nellie Hawthorne and William
Cahill Da.vls are the additional attrac
tions this week. .
• • •
The Central Theater still retains its
patriotic play, "The Heart of Maryland."
for the remainder of the week. On Mon
day next "Woman and Wine," a spectacu
lar melodrama; will be put on, for the
first time in San Francisco.
• • - «
"Shenandoah," with two hundred people
and fifty horsef on the stage., has made a
hit at the Alhambra Theater, drawing big
houses nightly. Next Sunday afternoon
a week's engagement- of Richard Golden,
in "Old Jed Prouty" will begin.
• • •
The Tivcll has been filled at every per
formance of "Cinderella**- by a holiday
;rowd highly appreciative of the various
specialties. New songs and jokes are in
troduced almost every night, and a
fourth week of the fantasy will probably
be given. "The i Fencing-Master" of
Smith & De Koven "will follow. ,
Gotham at the beginning of the Vienna
band season in America. Such, also, has
been the record of almost every town In
which the famous orchestra has so far
made Its appearance on its long way out
west. In San Francisco, at the California
Theater, the puzzled band, with inter
national honors thick upon it has looked
out on an eloquent acreage of empty plush
and wonders why this is so.
Last night, however, the house picked
up considerably. A much larger audience
than any that has yet attended these con
certs was in evidence and enjoyed to the
full a delightful programme.
? • •
"Strauss waltzes bewitch audience." i
"Five thousand persons fill the Metro
politan Opera-house to the roof."
"No room for hundreds."
"There were admirers of Vienna waltz
music sitting en the sieps. and that there
were no more was the fault of the archi
tect of the Broadway Temple of. Music."
Such, culled from the New Yo/k Herald,
was the tale of the Strauss* nights in
The play was a distinct triumph
for the clever actress who assumed the
leading role, and Borne opportunities were
given to the members of the company to
present carefully studied characters.
The name of .the adapter of the inci
dents in the life of Nell Gwynne was npt
given In the programme, but it is learned
that Miss Charlotte Thompson Is the au
thor' MUs Thompson has delved into
English history and. while her play is
not a great one, it shows many Incidents
during the time that England was under
the sway of the "Merry Monarch.'" The
first act introduces Nell Gv.-ynne as the
poor orange girl of "Old Drury." who is
beloved by Jack Churchill, the dashing
soldier who founded the house of Marl
borough. ,The love interest, which is
vital to a play of the kind, presented last
evening, was cut f#iort In the first act.
"Nell Gwynne" is shown as a true
hearted Irish girl, willing to help her old
friends, but the character as drawn by
Miss Thompson Is not the Noll Gwynne
whom Charles the Second idolized. The
banter of the court and the stage Is well
portrayed, but the scene in which Nell
Gwynne "holds up" the royal coach In or
der to give Churchill a chance to distin
guish himself is weak and trivial. The.
five acts simply display the transition of
the poor -orange girl to the prominent
actress nnd court favorite and the play
ends with the eulogium on Nell's good
qualities pronounced by the King.
Miss Roberts was a merry, daBhing and
good-hearted Nell and he.r scenes, in
which she dons male attire, were artistic
ally played. The great charm of Miss
Roberts is that Bhe never ovemcts.»'How
ard Scott did not have as great oppor
tunity as Charles, but enacted the role
with finesse. Lucius Henderson made a
manly Churchill and Clarence Montalne.
Carlyle Moore, George Webster and
Frank Bacon were distinguished in^ the
male members of the cast. Miss Kitty
Belmere had but little to do as Mistress
Hughes, an actress, but did that little
well. Lorena Attwood, Marie Howe and
Polly Stockwell also played effectively the
roles entrusted to them. The costumes
and scenic effects were by far the best
ever Been at the Alcazar. The long waits
between the acts were enlivened by the
pleasing music of the orchestra.
THE production of "The Adventures
of Noll Gywnne" and the reap
pearance of Florence Roberts
served to crowd the Alcazar
Theater to the doors last evening.
FLORENCE ROBERTS. THE FAVORITE ACTRESS, MAKES HER REAP
PEARANCE AT THE ALCAZAR THEATER IN THE CHARAGTER OF
"MISTRESS NELL GWYNNE" AND SCORES A SUCCESS.
VANCOUVER, Jan. 2.— The steamer
Victorian arrived this morning from Skag
uay with forty passengers, mostly from
Dawson. They had left as late as De
cember 16, making quick time over the ice.
A. F. Lauder of Seattle was the latest
passenger, and he came out on a bicycle.
Mrs. Ballinger, wife of Dr. Ballinger, the
druggist who left Dawson on December
6 for Skaguay and disappeared, also came
out by the Victorian. She heard nothing
of her husband, who it is feared met foul
play, and she is now on her way to seek
assistance of relatives in Seattle. She
will Immediately return North to further
prosecute the search. There is no clue,
and the conclusion that he was foully
dealt. with Is entirely theoretical.
An application for a new trial for John
F. Slorah, who murdered his mistress.was
refused at Dawson on December 14 and
the sentence of hanging on March 1 will
probably take its course.
The hulk of the steamer Topeka Is re
ported to be In good shape and will prob
ably be successfully raised.
Arrives at Vancouver,
Wife of Missing Dawson Druggist
NO TRACE OF BALLINGER.
VICTORIA, Jan. 2.— Charles Hoffman is
under arrest at Skaguay for having on
December 22. while intoxicated, attempted
the life of his wife. He fired five shots at
her with a revolver, but the bullets went
wide, and the wife, fleeing, escaped un
harmed. He was arrested and next d\y
committed for trial. •
The Hoffmans went to Skaguay four
years ag-o, the wife practically supporting
the husband the greater part of the time.
Lately she left him and went to live in a
Skaguay boarding house. Hoffman tried
to get her to return, without avail. On
the n orning of the tragedy the woman
went to the cottage where her husband
was living to feed the chickens, she be
lieving him absent. He happened to be
at home, and after watching her feed the
chickens he opened lire on her with a
revolver.
Ska quay's Jail.
Charles Hoffman Tenants a Call in
TRIES TO KILL HIS WIFE.
Captain Healy got letters with the partic
ulars, but he refuses to impart his infor
mation to any one. The new strike is
thought to bo near Tanana. A whole
sale stampede <s probable.'!
When tl«e two minors who discovered
the rich digghiRS unearthed the golden
gTavel thc-y were short of provisions and
Dnahlo to remain a». thfir discovery. They
spent nne day thf-re, nnd washed out more
than $TjOO In coarse gold. Then they start
ed fo~ the coast, going to Valdes for pro
visions, on procuring which they returned
to their find. They reported at Valdes
that a groat stampede had occurred from
the other portions of the Tanana to Snake
C reek before ihey loft. It was doubtless
from one of the stampeders that the news
was received up the Yukon and tele
graphed to the coast before the arrival
there of the discoverers of the mines.
Constable J. J. Hamilton of the North
west Mounted Polico, who arrived by the
Amur from Dawson, reports that before
ne left there Constables Gardner and
Linkleader returned to the Dawson bar
racks from the finds in the Stewart River
district. The constable says that they
were enthusiastic in regard to the rich
ness of the find3 there. Mr. Matherson,
who has a Btoro at Clear Creek, also re
turned and from him, too, the constable
learned of the richness of the diggings.
The policemen and storekeeper said that
there were not move than fifty men in
the Clear Creek country when they left
there, about half of whom were prospect
ing and the others hunting. N»t - more
than six or eight claims were being
•worked. It Is very iiard to get provisions
in and the hunters were finding a big
sale for their game.
VICTORIA. Jan. 2.— The steamer Amur,
which reached here to-day from Alaska,
brings news that the richest discovery
made in the North since the Klondike has
.lust been made in the American Yukon
and it will be to the new diggirtgs, which
are nenr th? Tanana, that the great stam
pede of the coming year will take place
over the Copper River trail. The
gravels found In this new creek, which
¦hn<= been named Snake Creek, are said to
give an average of $14 to the pan.
The nrwi? comes from two sources, from
Values and from Dawson. At the former
place it was learned from two Americans,
who had been prospecting in the Tanana
country and were on their way out to the
coast for the winter, bound from the
Tanana to Valdes when they made their
rich find. From Dawsor. the news is
eiven In the following dispatch, which
was wired by the Dawson correspondent
of tli? Skaguay Alaskan on December 20:
"The greatest strike since the discovery
of the Klondike set the world mad is re
ports from the American Yukon. The
news was brought by mail carriers, who
fay the diggings average $14 to the pan.
The particulars are meaner, but the news
has created great excitement which pre
vails the ¦whole length of the Yukon River.
The most famous of all the pl&yhouses
with which Shakespeare was connected
was the Globe on the Bankslde. It was
buiit In 15*39 by Richard and Cuthbcrt Bur
bage. sons of old James, and themselves
actors and theater-owners. Their lease
of the ground on which the theater was
built expired in 1597, and, though allowed
to continue playing there, they became in
volved in a lawsuit with its owner. The
city authorities, too, -were pressing hard
upon them, and finally they took a des
perate sup, tore down the theater, trans
ported its materials across the Thames,
and there in an open space amid a grove
of trees they constructed the playnouse
that was to remain forever associated
with Shakespeare's name. It stood upon
a circular substructure of brick or stone,
through which two doors opened, one to
the yard where the common herd went
at a penny apiece to see and Judge their
penny's worth, and the other to the tir
ing room of the actors, through which not
only they but the noble patrons of the
drama, the poets and their friends ob
tained admission to the stage Itself.
The stage, a rectangular wooden struc
ture, supported on strong posts, projected
well forward into the circular yard, so
that the actors were seen, not from the
front only as to-day, but from every side.
Behind the stage and a little above it waa
a recess, or alcove, which could be shut
off with a curtain, and which served at
need as a second stage, a study, a bed
room or a tent. Here the couch of Des
demona or of Juliet was placed, here the
actors in "Hamlet" performed the play
which brought hi? guiit home to Claudia*,
and here on occasion a King's throne
would be placed while his vassals grouped
about him on the steps below. Over the
alcove projected a balcony, which in its
turn played many parts— Juliet's window,
the wall of a besieged, city or the deck of
a storm-tossed ehip. The stage itself was
partly roofed over- with a structure tech
nically known as the heavens, which was
draped with blue hangings for comedy,
with black when tragedy was to be per
formed. The yard was open to the sky,
and it speaks volumes for the rapt inter
est of the Elizabethans in the drama that
they wrre content to stand here in hun
dreds for hours at a lime, exposed to ail
the inclemency of a London winter.
Around the yard ran tralleries with seats,
to which that part of the audience which
disliked equally the nOise and Jostling of
the yard and the expense and publicity
of the stage withdrew. These gal
leries were covered with a roof of thatch —
a circumstance which in the end proved
the destruction of the Globe. Upon the
roof was a little hut 4rom which a herald
emerged to proclaim by three blasts of a
trumpet that fl» play was about to begin.'
Over all rose a flagstaff, from which cm
play days floated a banner with the sign
of the theater. Hercules bearing the globe.
The performances began early in the af
ternoon, at 3 o'clock, or even earlier, and
lasted some two or three hours. It Is es
timated that the Globe might contain
when packed to the uttermost some two
thousand spectators.
In this theater Shakespeare s greatest
plays were first produced. We know that
"I>ear." "Othello," and "Macbeth," "Trol
lus and Cressida," "Pericles" and "The
Winter's Tale" were brought out at the
Globe, and it is a fair inference that his
most charming comedy, "As You Like It."
and his* greatest tragedy, "Hamlet," with
the three Roman playn. may also be In
cluded in this list. All these were written
in that astonishing decade of Shake
speare's life from 1600 to 1610, when his
company made the Globe their usual play-
Ing house. After that date they performed
alternately at Blackfriars and at the
Globe until the destruction of the latter
by fire in 1613. This accident also Is con-
The Globe.
XX.
(Concluded.)
Copyright, 1901, by Ssymour Eaton.
at the conflagration. Two yeara previous- .
ly he had withdrawn to Stratford-on-Avon>
and settled down as a quiet burgher, llv- .
ing on the handsome property that hl3
profits as an actor end playwright had- •
enabled him to acquire. In a. dee<l of salo
bearing the date of 1613 he is «U»?!cribed
as of Stratford-on-Avon, gentleman. He .
*ttll continued to furnish his company
with plays, but his best work was done.
W> note in his later dramas a CRreless- .
ness of construction and a frank disregard
of probabilities which contrast strongly
with the superbworkmanship of "Othello"
and "Lear. And we seem to detect a
certain loss of Interest in Shakespeare's
Increasing habit during- these later years
of collaborating with an Inferior drama
tist In this way it seems evident that
"Tlmon." "Pericles" and the "Two Noble
Kinsmen." all works of this period were
composed. "King Henry VIII". itself was
only In part the work of Shakespeare.
The Audience.
It seems fitting to close this study with
a brief note on the audiences before „
'which Shakespeare's plays were per
formed. Nearly every writer on the Eliz
abethan drama has spoken of the noisy
mob that filled the yard, eating; drinking 1 .
shouting for the clown, at times even
pelting the actors with apple cores and
other more offensive mlsalleq. Certainly
the mob seems a disturbing element, and
hardly less eo the fashionable gentlemen
seated on the stage itself, who smoked
lon^: pipes, spread out their fine cloaks
to dazzle the public, chatted familiarly
with the actors between their parts and
set themselves up for critics who could
make or break an author. Jotting down
the be9t lines of hla play in their note
books, growling "vile" and "filthy" at
passages which displeased them, or even
leaving the stage in the mid3tor the per
formance to mark the utterness of their
disgust. Yet with all its faults the Eliza
bethan audience w^is an instrument for
the dramatist to play upon, such as had
not existed since all Athens gathered to
gether to watch a solemn trilogy of
AeschylU3 or a boisterous farce of Aris
tophanes. It was extraordinarily sensi
tive, receptive, responsive. All classes, '.
from the outcasts of the street to the
peers about the throne, met there togeth
er In pursuit of a common pleasure. No .
Kulf In matters of esthetic appreciation
existed then, such as now sends one audi
ence to the grand opera and another to
the vaudeville. Shakespeare had the na
tion at his disposal. And in Shakespeare's
day. in spite of .the growing strength of .
Puritanism, the nation was still Merry
England. The people loved their old
sports and games, the mumming and the
morris dance, the swordplay and wrest
ling. They were not cruel, but they de
lighted in fierce action and the flow of
blood as seen in the baiting of bulls and
bears. They were full to the brim of that
spirit of adventure which found expres
sion in the battles, voyages and explora
tions "of Raleigh, Drake and Froblsher;
and they had an almost barbaric passion
for splendid spectacles, gorgeous raiment .
and costly Jewels. Yet they had at the
same time higher and finer tastes. They
were passionately fond of music, which
played a part In their lives such as we
can hardly conceive to-day. They delight
ffl in the exercise of wit. even, when wit
made a plaything of language itself. And
they were a l.atlon of poets — the whole
land, free from the chains of the past,
sung together in the Joy of the new life.
No such outburst of poetry 13 known to
literature as that which took place in the
later years of Elizabeth's reign. And all
these sports, desires and passions met to
gether In the romantic drama. Here was
the food the people sought— rough horse
play of the clowns fierce swordplay of
the heroes, jigs and dances, songs and
music, action and adventure, splendid
pageant and gorgeous costumes, and over
all and enshrining all the matchless
poe'try of Shakespeare. What did it mat
ter to his hearers that the stage was bare.
The Old Globe Theater in Which Were
First Produced a Number of
Shakespeare's Plays.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
GREAT GOLD STRIKE
ON AMERICAN SOIL
0
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Discoveries Near Tanana Rival the
Klondike's Metal-Seamed Fields
7
THE :.SATT- ITKAIif CISCO CAIiiiOTHTTRSDAY, JANUARY 3, 1901.
The Latest Fad of England and the East
Is Cleverly Presented at Alcazar
FLORENCE ROBERTS
PLAYS NELL GWYNNE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INSISTING
WHEN YOU BUY
That th.e selvedge shall be
perforated every five yards
\ •• •«• - •• • • I • ••••
• ••••• •• •,. •»•• •»» • • • •
•••••••• • ••• ••••• ,
• •••••• • • •••••• •••••
None Genuine Without It.
AH First-Clas3 Dress Goods House* Sell It.
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, on line of railroad, for ¦
eale. Splendid chance for those about to
form ah oil company. NEWTON. CAR-
MEN & EOMES (S. C. MASON, agent).
101 Chronicle bldgr.. Ban Kranclsoo.
AMUSEMENTS.
£*f%l HUB I A SWI FRANCISCO'S
UULUm_BI £1 LEADING THEATRE
Every night this week. Including Sunday.
H'TISEE SATURDAY AT REDUCED PRICES.
MR. GEORGE W. LEDEREB Presents His
Famous Casino Theater. New York City, and
Ehaitesbury Theater. London, Success,
The Belle of New York,
THE MOST FAMOUS COMIC OPERA IN THE
WORLD.
NEXT WEEK Wm. A. Brady •Present* for th«
First Time Her* the Pastoral Idyl.
WAY DOWN EAST.
EEATS NOW READT.
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT OF
EDUARD STRAUSS
— ANX> HIS—
VIENNA ORCHESTRA
LAST S NIGHTS. MATINEE SATURDAY.
Commencing NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON,
The Comedy Drama Sensation from New York,
Hal Rled's Idyl of the Arkansaw Hills.
"HUMAN HEARTS."
USUAL POPULAR PRICBS.
CHUTES^and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TO-NIGHT I TO-NIGHT I
....THE AMATEURS....
SrEGiALTFES
AND A BLACK BALLET.
BIG CHRISTMAS TREE I
Presents for All_the ChildrenI
Telephone for Beats Park 23.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
ISOft-WINTER MEETING— X90L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. 81 TO JAN. 19, INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or m«we races each day.
Kaces start at 2:15 p. in. sharp.
Ferry-be* 18 leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and i p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
eeletric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
to direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning:— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:4S p m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
YALE GLEE ANOJANJO CLUBS.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE TO-NIGHT
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE TO-MOItROW AF-
TERNOON. 2 O'CLOCK.
»— BRILLIANT PROGRAMME8—3.
Beats on sal. at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
Prices— Evening-. COc, U, $1 60, $2; afternoon.
60c. 75c. U.
FKrHPR'd CONCERT HOUSE.
Maria D. Woo&l K&lcratui, Adeline Kinross,
Harry Braham, the Leander Brothers, Tom
Mack, the Grazers and Others.
Reserved Seats 2$c Regular Matinee Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HELP FOR WOMEN
WHO ARE ALWAYS TIRED.
"I do not feel very well, I am so
tired all the time. I do not know what
is the matter with me."
You hear these wcrds every day ; as
often as you meet your friends just 60
often are these words repeated. More
than likely you speak the same signifi-
cant words rourself. and no doubt you
do feel far fVorn well most of the time.
Mrs. Ella Rice, of Chelsea, Wis.,
whose portrait we publish, writes that
she suffered for two years with bear-
ing-down pains, headache, backache,
and had all kinds of miserable feeling-B,
all of which was caused by falling and
inflammation of the womb, 'and after
doctoring with physicians and numer-
ous medicines she was entirely cured by
Mr*. Ella Rick
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound.
If you are troubled with pains,
fainting spells, depression of spirits!
reluctance to go anywhere, headache,
backache, and always tired, pleaae re-
member that there is an absolute
remedy which will relieve you of your
Buffering as it did Mrs. Rice. Proof
is monumental that Lydia E. Pink-
haxnV Vegetable Compound is the
greatest medicine for suffering women.
No other medicine has made the cures
that it has*, and no other woman has
helped so many women by direct advice
as has Mrs. Pinkham ; her experience
is greater than that of any living per-
6O». If you are sick, write and get
her advice ; her address is Lynn, Mass.
nil 1 pr These hotels pos-
l A I Alii scss the attributes
1 nLnuu that tour . sts and
Qfln travelers appreciate
OH". —central location,
RRAMfl libcral mail i&e-
UnHllU ment, modern ap-
|!f|Tr|Q pointments a nM
HUltLui P crfect cuisine.
" American and Eu-
Satl FraDClSCO. ropeaniplans. '
; PATTOSIEITS: '
grt ¦» 4"t /-v £ lhe Best Heater
tbft.Ot) lOr •" "»e Best Stock
VWyV IV t in California.
. ; ¦ * * . * -. - ¦ Deilver**d to any
' address, city or
: • -j/-^^ . ' country, to b«
. returned at. our
' ¦*'- _1j5tS>^ expense If It Is
. y^||j''i;i'jfcjj y^*;i| not a-'l J' ou ex "
JSjffilj^^i»- ' pectwl lt t0 b<f -
PPl SEND NO
PHI TRY IT FOR
J3^*^^0^ 3 DAYS, I
.^^^W'Sta^V) Anfl if theheet- j
jt^gttssSaJLaa^^-^ ?r Is Eatlsfac- j
1 ,'.* "'^^tT* Jr3* tory send us a :
JfJHffj ijW^S^IJMj pcptal order for j
j®aMiM££!2&aEa$ S? inches . h/g-h. !
lAj-V^jjjitys. Ski'. -T :4 inche« Jn 31-
jkf a-meter, and Is |
fif ¦ "5 CQulpped with !
¦'* . the new aaioke-
lees burner.
PATTOSIEN'S
Furniture Exposition Building,
COS. SIXTEENTH AND MISSION STREETS. •
- AMUSEMENTS. . J
THTRr> WXEK-PACKED HOl'BER.
EVENINGS AT S SHARP-
MATINEE SATURDAY at i sharp.
By........ FEERIS HARTMAN.
BE PCRE AXD BRIN^ THE CHILDREN.
6ee Oscar L tWu Fine TRANSFORMATION.
The Flowery .Kingdom.
POPULAR PK1CKS » and 66 cents.
. • • Tel^riione — Bush J.
SAN FRANCISCO CAPTURED! |
THE TALK OF THE ENTIRE COUNTRY.
ENDORSED BY PRESS AND PUBLIC.
The Great Orptieum Road Show.
SECOND AND FINAL WEEK.
EVERYTHING NETV.
And te aiiitlon the world-renowned
SIST'ERS CLola and Nellie* HAWTHORNE.
WILLIAM CAHILL DAVIS and THE
BIOGRAPH. .
Reserved •eats.- C$c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
•""hairs end --Bex. S'-at*, ff*c. . •
Matinees TYednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
Alf. d!lnpboufe Proprietor and Manager.
Fh^ce— South 770.
EXERY EVENING THIS TVEEX.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
JACOB -LrrrS. Magnificent Revival of
SHENAINDOAH.
20O— PEOPLE ON THE STAGE— 20O
BO-HORSES— SO
35— VETERAN ARTILLERYMEN— 25
FROM CUBA AND THE PHILIPPINES.
Worts o! Praise From QEN. MILES: "The
Verv Best Play I Have Ever Seen."
JEVEXXKo ,.-.' 15c. 23c, S5<\ ROc and 75c
HATINEB ISo. 25c. 35c and 50c j
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
Fpedal Eag&K^tner.t of ftlCHARD GOLDEN, j
ia "OLD JED PROl'TY."
USUAL PRICES.
A Few Cliolce Orchestra Seats $1.00. '
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
CROWDED ALL THE TIME.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
. THE OLIVER LESLIE COMPANY
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
Marie Doran'e Romantic Play,
NELL GWYN!
P.*ceive<l NlrhJly With Enthusiasm by
• Crowded Houses.
Next Week— "A VIRGINIA COURTSHIP."
Ever.lnjr Prlcep — lf>c. 15c, I5c. SOc
A Few Front Rows In Orchestra, 75c
Cool reserved seat In • orchestra at all xnatl-
r.ws; £5c.
-v Braach Ttrlft Office — Emporium.
BELASCO *"°THALCS **.&$&
¦^ 0 T < "^T^k.- mm ft f tf*'z22-~~~^'
- •¦ uksx cjzr tuux
P'h<5ne South &33.
LAST 5 NIGHTS —LAST 5 NIGHTS
XAST MATiNEES SATURDAY AND SUN-
DAY.
,'•; THE GREATEST SUCCESS IN TEARS.
.'. X)avid B<lasco'« Famous Military Romance.
tkeHEARTOFMARYLAND
THE BEST OF ALL BIO PLAYS!
¦ •. SEE THE GREAT BELFRY SCENE'.
M*«rr:2ceEt and Realistic Scenery.' Exclttnc
<_'.:tt sx'-p. arous'.ns the greatest enthusiasm.
inffpc nvrs— ice, Ue, 25c. S3c. DOc.
J11WL-3 Matinee*— 10c. 15c. ' 25c. -
' Secur* S»ets at Box Office of Theater.
Next Monday— "WOMAN AND WINE."
EVERY NIGHT AT 8.
£l*cl&r Enr»*«neat of
FLORENCE ROBERTS
IS THE ADVENTURES OF -
NELL GWYNN
?»ew Scenery Painted From Historical Re-
searcnes. y ,-.V
EEATS SIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
ONIX MATINEE SATURDAY.
QLYMF*IA WsklMM
tTHE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE BHOW IN
. THE CITY.
MABEL HUDSON,
Ein Francisso'i ravcrtte Son* Bird.
HADLEY~& HART,
• - - -."^ Musical l>uo.
MAE EDGERTON,
The Aerial Queen. . .
Betern and Bl* Success of
ANITA LA. MONT.
AND OUR CELEBRATED eTOCK COMPANY
ADMISSION FREE.
. • MATINEE" EVERY SUNDAY. t
; : AMATEUR NIGHX EVERY FRIDAY.
MR. AND MRS. GEORG
HENSGHEL
IN SIX GRAND RDCTTALS
— ; AT METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
February 6th, 7th, 8th, Uth, 15th. 14th.
Kale of Season Tickets Begins
Next Monday Morning
AT SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S,
.BUTTER AND KEARNT STS.
Eetson Tickets Traiufer&b)*.'
PRicxs-yy.oo, f 7.00 and jw.oo.
• A great two-step by Eduard
Strauss, the waltz king, will
be given free with next Sun-
day's Call. This is a gem— do'New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Jan- 2.— To-day's stock mar
ket opened with an upward rush of prices and
closed with something very like a slump and
with the lift ln a very ragged condition ln the
matter" of net changes.' The professional bear
traders, who had matched the market for days
to detect the expected turning point toward
reaction, fell . upon the market to-day with
vigor. But the professional bear operators have
mader many mistakes ln the last few weeks
and opinion Is sreatly divided to-night as to
whether thefr time has come. Certainly the
market ' to-day Bhowcd an astonishingly large
demand for etocks and ln the early dealings
the supply -was sufficiently limited to cause a
volatile upward epurt of prices ln a number
of stocks. The general level of the market
was In fact lifted so considerably as to offer
very • attractive profits even on a day's turn
and & coral durable volume of the selling was
undoubtedly due to the profit-taking. The rea.1-
Szlnjr was .well absorbed. If regarded from the
standpoint' of buyers of stocks on Monday, but
relapse* from the high prices to-day, at which
there was a considerable volume of purchases,
makes a. disappointing result f»r those who
trot ln at the high level. The market must
al5o be considered In connection with the pos
itive elements of weakness which developed.
Th« violent break. ln Sugar was docldedly dis
turbing and had more effect lhan similar
rtreaJcs have had ln the Immediate past. This
e'tock. waji pushed up IVi thl« mornhig on the
published rejiorts that the proposed advance
in. the price of package coffee was the fore
runner of a rottk-mcnl of the sugar trade war.
-which has been a puzzle to Wall street for
many months. This- corfortlng assurance for
holders of tujrw certificates received a rude
chock from the announcement which quickly
followed of a cut ln the price of granulated
sugar by the American Company, which was
followed by the other companies, bringing the
pric*» by all to the tame basis. As the Amer
ican Company hajt been holding its price abovo
that of the other companlf-e, the bringing of
price* to the same basis is'allegpd to be equiv
alent to a •ettlempnt. But this did not avail
to nave Sugar from a drop of '% points to 140.
with .the close only slichi ly better. The New
York . public utilities Buffort-1 from the re
marks of the new Governor on the subjeel of
taxation cf corporations and franchises and the
rubber etocks violently reacted from a bouy
nnt early rise. Coming on top of the general
movement to realize the effect on the general
market was decidedly oppressive and stocks
were carried down very generally between 1
and. 2 points. The most Important stocks In.
the early rise were, however, comparatively'
Una and handsome' net rains were conserved
Tor 6t- Paul. B. & O.. Union Pacific, the Erics
CHICAGO. Jan. 2.— Wheat was Irregular, ex
cited and Imposing ln volume. A rough esti
mate based on the reports of. two leading
commission houses places the quantity of wheat
to change during the session ut 15,C0o,000 bush
els. Long stuff was for pale at the tap of the
gong. May opening unchanged to %c lower at
77»;c to 77c. The depressing factor was to be
found in the delivery of 1.500.MO bushels on
January contracts. There were no Liverpool
quotations for futures, but the spot article
on that market was strong. The initial selling
met with a demand more than adequate to take
care of lt and within thirty minutes the weak
ness turned to strength. One commission house
was said to have bought 2.500,000 bushels dur
ing tho first hour, and the head of another
one asserted that he had got tvfee that quan
tity. Early sellers reinstated their lines and
there was investment buying on a large scale
for quarters hitherto out of the market The
rally was helped along by a decrease ln the
world's visible supply of 1,717.000 bushels, by
an advance of 6d ln flour at Liverpool and by a
Minneapolis report of heavy flour sales. May
soared during the forenoon to 79c and at this
point the demand lagged. Earlier support was
withdrawn and those who offered to secure
profits found difficulty in finding takers. Un
der pressure of great magnitude May broke
sliarply to 77%c and closed weak Ho under
Monday at 77'ric.
Corn was comparatively quiet. May closed
steady. Htf?%c down at S6%c. The purchases
of 40O.000 bushels of May by Phillips, who
worked the, November corn squeeze, was tho
only Incident. •
Oats were active find trade more broad than
for months. May closed %c up at 2494c.
Provisions opened higher on an advance at
the yards and the fact that there were no
deliveries on January contracts. There was
little outside support, however, and selling by
peckers caused a reaction. The close was only
fairly Ftendy. May pork and lard a shade down
and ribs unchanged.
The leadlns futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
January 74% 75% 73% 741^
February '. 75U 76% ¦ 7S 75
May 77% 79 77 77U
Corn No. 2 — .
January 36 3C% 35% 36
February 36 3fi«,i 35% * S5V»
May 37 37li '36% 36%
Oats No. 2—
January 22% 22',4 . 22H 22U
May 24V» 24% 24Vs 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January .12 67V4 12 67'^. 12 55 12 57%
Jlay 12 Si 12 87H 12 72 \i 12 75
Ln rd. per 100 lhs— .
January ..T 6 93 6 05 6 87^4 C 92%
May 7 10 7 10 7 02& 7 07»4
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 6 5.* . ,6 55 G 47% 6 12V,
May 6 6'.. 6 C7% 6 CO , 6 62%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, active; standard brands 10c : higher
No. 3 spring wheat," 68R 74c; No. 2 red/ 7t(fi7Sc'
No. 2 corn, 3G@36VJc; No. 2 yellow 36@36Uc :
No. 2 oats, . 23U©!lc: No. 2 white
ZhKmtAic: No. 3 white. 25%®26^c; Na
2 rye, f.2S5.1c; fair to choice, malting
barley, E2ifi61Vtc; No. 1 flax seed. . Jl 57
prime timothy need." J4 70; mesa pork; per bbl.
Chicago Grain Market.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, CO days *— ' $4 8214
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88Vi
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 64
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50'^ @ 51
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Chicago market was excited
and irregular, with a large general trade, al
most purely speculative. The feeling was nerv
ous and some millions of bushels changeM
hards. There was large short covering by St.
Louis, but the Northwest sold freely, presum
ably against Minneapolis purchases. All com
mispion houeps had plenty of orders. Every
body expects a reaction. New York opened at
S2V4c. advanced to 84c and fell back to S2"jc.
The f?an Francisco call market opened higher,
but fell back, as will be eeen. Shipping quota
tions? were acain advanced.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, ?1<3T. 01V4; milling,
$1 02V.SM 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls,
$1 07U: 60f0. »i'07'/t: 2000. $107.
Second Session— May— 4000 ctls. $107; 2000.
$1 6%: 12.CC0, $1 06%; G000, $1 06%. December—
4000. $1 10%.
Rr-Kular Morning Session— May— 4000 ctls,
U Or.y 4 ; 2C0I1. $1 05%; 12.000 f $1 05%;»16,C00, $1 05Vi;
10 000, $1 05%. December— 20,060, ¦ $1 09^; 2000,
$1 09%: 6000. $1 09%.
Afternoon Session— May— 14,000 ctls, $1 05%;
4000, ji or.%.
BARLEY— The market was quiet at un
charged prices.
Feed, 75c for choice bright. • 72%C for No. 1
and 67V4670C for off grades: Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 77Vb©82^4c; Chevalier, nominal. . ''
CALL, BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 O'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — May — 20CO ctls, 73>4c; 2000,
73%c.
OATS— Continue firm and unchanged, with
light stocks and a moderate demand.
White, $l$0!?150: Surprise, nominal; Red,
$1 25@1 40 for Feed and $1330145 for Seed;
Gray, nominal: Black, for Feed. $1 15@1 20; for
Seed. $125^130 per ctl.
CORN— There Is very little demand and the
market shows no change. Yellow, $1 12H®1 15;
White, ?1 1031 12%: Eastern mixed, $1 12V4 per
ctl.
RYE— S5CT87V4C per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 75@2 per ctL
Flour and Millstuffs. '
•FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, }2 75@2 85 per barrel" for family and
$2 7503 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', $2 75
MILLSTUFFS— Prices ln sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: "Graham
Flour, . $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75- Rye
Meal, $2E0; Rice Flour, J7; Corn Meal. %Z 75;
extra cream do. $3 50: Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, $3E0<!J3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4®4 25-
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4 50; . Whole
Wheat Flour." ?3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@
7 25; ln sacks, $5 75<f?7: Pearl Barley, $5; Spilt
Peas, Jo; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs..
Hay and Fcedstu ffs.
These descriptions, remain as previously
quoted, with quiet markets.
BRAN— $14ffil5 per ton. , .
MIDDLINGS- $16 50(^19 50 ner ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled . Barley, $16017 ner
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $23@28; Jobbing
J26M;Cocoanut Cake, $17iffl8: Corn Meal $26®
2G 50; Cracked Corn, $26 5O'g27; Mixed 'Feed
515016. ¦..-.:. ,; - . .-. ... . •
HAY — Volunteer. |5®8: 'Wheat,' $11013 50-
Wheat and Oat. JlOfm 50; Oat. $9@12; Clover
nominal; Alfalfa, $S(i/9 DO; . Barley, 17 50fi9 no
per 'ton. * '¦
STRAW— 35®47V4c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
White Beans continue very stiff. Colored
show several : slight variations. Otherwise
thm? Is r.cthlner new. "
BEANS— IJaycs, $2 50©2 70; Small White,
FORECAST
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
12; minimum. 41; mean. 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
. BepcrU art miEsir.g from Eureka and all sta
tions on the coast north. A .storm of considera
ble extent evidently overlies the northwestern
portion of the country- During the last twen
ty-four hours the pressure has fallen more
tJ-an three-tenths ot an inch over Northern
C8llfcrr.ia, Northern Nevada and Northern
Utah. . Rain has fallen along the coast from
fcan Francisco northward.
The tetsp«rature has risen rapidly over Ne
vada-and L'tah. The following maximum wind
are reported: Red Bluff, 34 miles;
Winnemurca.' 46 frcm the southwest; Carson.
6u frdin the west: Sacramento. 2S from the
couth: * - - - ; . .- '
Southeast, ftorm . xcarn'.nps are displayed
¦hiong the coast froia Port Harford to Eureka.
Forecast made at San Frar.cisco for thirty
tours ending midnight, Jaruarj' 3, 1S01:
Northern CtUifomia — Cloudy,, unsettled weath
er Thursday 'with rain and brisk to high south
east wind.
Southern California— Cloudy Thursday; proba
bly light rain: fresh southerly winds.
Nevada— Snow or rain Thursday; high south
erly .wind*.
Utah— Snow or rain Thursday; high southerly
winds. . •
Arizona— Fair . Thursday; heavy frosts in
southern portion Thursday morning; warmer
ln northern portion Thursday night.
gan Francisco- and vicinity— Rain Thursday;
cot eo cold; brisk to hijrh Fiutherly winds.
ALEXANDER Q. McADIE.
• Forecast Official.
NEW TORK, Jan. 2.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20,000; exports. 73C0; market 5®10c hleher on
the strength of wheat, checking demand. Win
ter patents. $3 7O@4: winter straights, $3 500
3 65; Minnesota patents, $4 10S1 40; winter
extras, $2 S5®2 95; Minnesota bakers', $3Q~3 55;
winter low grades, J2 45<{z2 65.
WHEAT— Receipts. 119. 700; exports. 148.100;
spot. easy. No. 2 red. &2\ic f. o. b. afloat;
No. 2 red. 79T*c elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, h'V»c t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth. 81»jc f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
rather weak under disappointing cables and
local pioflt-takins. Renewed heavy outside
support at the decline Inspired subsequent ad
vances during which Monday's higher point
was passed, shorts meantime covering vlgur
oubly. In the late afternoon realizing prompted
a ' second shar^ setback, and the close was
weak at net loss. January. 80 T-ltJigSlHc,
cle^d S9He; March. S2H<5S4c. closed 825ic; May,
KSfc^ic closed 82Vic.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
SUGAR — Raw, barely steady; refining;, 37&c;
centrifugal, S6 test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 3%c.
Rcfine<l market. IrrFsrular; No. 7, 4.S5c; No.
8, 4.75c; No. 9, 4.70c: No. 10, 4.65c; No. 11. 4.00c;
No. 12. 4.55c; No. 13, 4.5Cc; No. 14, 4.50c; stand
ard A. 5.S0c; confectioners' A, 5.30c; mold A,
5.fc0c; cut leaf, 6c; crushed, 6c; powdered, 5.60c;
Branulnted. j.r>oc; cubes, 5.75c.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. quiet; No. 7 Invoice, 7c
nominal: mild, market quiet; Cordova, 9H@
13V* c. Futures closed barely steady, with
pricf-s net 15^20 jKtlnts lower. Total sales,
40.JOO fcags. including: January. $5 75^5 SO;
March. S5 90^: May, teg« 10; -July, |C®« 10;
September. J6 10; October. $6 25.
BUTTER— Receipts, • 13,714 packages; firm.
Creamery. 17;325e; June creamery, 17023c; fac
ton'. ll'iifiKSc.
EGGS— Receipts. S079 packages; firm. West
ern averap<} racked, at mark, 21Q"24c; West
ern, losa off. 2fic.
TradinB was slow ln the evaporated apple
market to-day, but prices were firmly held
owirg to the rather light supply on hand.
State common was quoted at 4c. Prime. 4Vi@
5\»c; choice. £H~fi6c: fancy. 6@7c.
California dried fruits, dull and unchanged
at 3%fzSHc per pound for prunes, aa to size
and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll«14e; Moorpark. 15{?16c.
PEACHES— Peeled, lG«J20c; unpeeled, 6@9c.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. Jan. 2.— The cotton market
started steady In tone, with prices lig? points,
higher, and for a time was comparatively
quiet, thouzh eatherlnR strength was clearly
mar.ifested. At noon the rise reached 10ijj;i4
points. Southern »r>ot ' markets were reported
hlKher and receipts were smaller. The close
was steady, 9020 points hiRher.
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
Receipts at San Francisco.
¦ LUMBER— Receipt* •¦ of I>umber at thin port
for December were.' as follows: From Wash
ington, 13;OC4.C0O ft; from Oregon, 6.7S4.000 ft;
from California,. 11,5:6,000 ft. Total receipts.
Sl.C24.C09 ft. -. . ¦
COAL— Receipts cf Coal for December were
as follows: From 'Puget Sound, £1,919 tons:
Orpgcn. IW) tons: Australia. 15.SS6 tone; Eng
land, £250 tens; Brftbh Columbia, 56.27U tons; ;
-Eastero. 23S7 tons. Total receipts. 135.09? tons. '
. SALMON— Receipts of Salmon were 13.755
cs and 226 pVtK 8 - The bulk of these receipts
¦were *rom Orvgon' and Washington, the total
f hfctnests of these . two States amounting to
11,133 cs acd 215- pKs*.
Stocks of Grain.
Government Money Here.
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Steller re
j.-rt« ¦ etocks- of grain in warehouse and on
mhmxt January 1 as follows, in tons:
Wheat. Barley.
Port Cbfta, December 1. 1900.... 122, 425 4S.C21
Port' Costa, January L 1901 lW..i6 3S.C07
Stockton. Dec-ember 1. 1900 C.S07 14.240
t-rtocklon, January 1. 1901 48,115 11.764
Ctty. Decer..lXT t 1900 C63 10.S4S
City, January U 1*<3 661 9E41
Oats. Corn. Bran.
December. 1. 1W 5.^2 64 368
January 1. 1S01.,... 4.465 760 2.3
R*c*»lrts in December were 12.997 ton? Bar
ley, 13S9 do Oate, lir-0 do Ccrn and 1SJ8 do
Urac.
- Julius Jaepbe. Assistant Treasurer of the
• .-United States at San Francisco, reports cash
' en. band December 21 as follows:.
•United States notes $ 54.C35 00 1
' Treaturj- notes of ISM 3.362 00;
. National bank r.ctes o£ 1S90 1.425 00 ;
¦•'Gold certificates- 107.450 00 |
lledeemed gold certificates 60.000 00 j
Silver 77.614 00
1 Gold coin ....' - I3.4C1.516 55 ¦
Standard Ellver dollars 3l.r>S3.649 00 j
SubEidfary silver coin S21.O&4 C5 j
Miner coin .'..: 16.C26 21 .
Coypons ; 1.039 S3 I
Miscellaneous ; 4,056 00 j
Total .-.....-. .$57.571.597 ~76 |
The shipment's of silver during the month 1
were "as follows:
Standard ellv*r cellars JS6.0O0 |
Frac;icnal sliver coin 72.770 ;
Total $15S.77U j
Weather Report.
(liCth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
&AN. FRANCISCO. Jan. 2. 1S01— 5 p. m.
•The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
r-fason ar.-l rainfall ln last twenty-four hours:
and Readings. These stocks were the main
stays of the market all day and were ab
sorbed on an enormous scale, showing con
clusively the continued activity of powerful
speculative forces.
To-day's clearing house report showed that
Monday's clearings of New York banks ln
the association were the largest on record,
footing up $427,003,263. The previous record was
made last week with a total of $364,013,290.
Business ln bonds was very large and widely
distHbutcd and prices were generally higher.
Total sales, par value. J3.435.000. United States
5s declined *4 per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
2^,100 Atchison 41Ti
49,1.00 Atchison prefd 87*s
22.100 Baltimore & Ohio S5 l ,a
Canadian Pacific 92
1.200 Canada Southern 57V4
1,100 Chesapeake & Ohio ii\i
400 Chicago Great Western 17
20.400 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 142
1.U00 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 24*4
6,(00 Chicago Iii'iiiinujolis & Louis pfd. 62
KH) Chicago & Eastern Illinois 82
100 Chicago & Northwestern .:... 171Vi
18,700 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 12u*s
290 C C C & St Louis 75U
500 Colorado Southern ~is
2,030 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 43*s
SuO Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17
7.100 Delaware & Hudson 12S*i
10,0-JO Delaware Lackawanna & Western. 1SS
1.5X1 Denver & Rio Grande 33
2,0M Denver & Rio Grande prefd S»U
63.100 Erie Ti%
6^,8'JO Erie 1st rrefd 64%
&j0 Great Northern prefd 1K'*2
2.100 Hocking Coal 17*i
2.100 Hocking Valley 42V4
1.500 Illinois Central 131%
6,100 Iowa Central 27
3.000 Iowa Central prefd 52%
400 Lake Erie & 'Western 43?i
Lake Erie & Western prefd 112
Lake Shore 23-"»
1.200 Louisville & Nashville S3 l »
22.700 Manhattan L 115'i
11.200 Metropolitan Street Railway 171vg
3,700 Mexican Central : 15 T »
1.S00 Minneapolis & St Louis 69T4,
100 Minn & St L pfd 102
17,700 Missouri Pacific 71*i
500 Mobile & Ohio 44%
1.100 Missouri, Kan & Texas 16',
21.100 Mirsouri. Kan & Texas pfd 45%
1.200 New Jersey Central 146?«
7.2W) New York Central 144*i
S.700 Norfolk & Western 45 1 *
100 Norfolk & Western pfd 82*
61.S0O Northern Pacific 1-5-'*
6,700 Northern Pacific pfd S7%
3tJ.70v Ontario & Western
Oregon Ity &. Nav 42
Oregon Ry & Nav pfd 76 I
61,800 Pennsylvania 149T4
71.500 Reading 27%
51.UO0 Reading 1st pfd 71%
97,700 Reading 2d pfd 40*
Rio Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Western pfd 90
22,100 St Louis & San Fran 23*4
(.00 St Louis & San Fran in pfd 79
5.400 St Louis'* San Fran 2d pfd 54%
7.G0U St Loui9 Southwestern is»u
b.*i<Q St Louis Southwestern pfd 45';%
75.7CM St Paul 14S
LOW St Paul pfd 1S7'
2"0 St Paul & Omaha 127
C2.2OU >»>uthern Pacific 44
1S.3O0 Southern Railway 22*i
9.300 Southern Railway pfd 72%
' 10.300 Ttxas & Paclfl 25'*
ta.&OO Union Pacific S2U
7.1'fl Union Pacific pfd 84%
1.400 Wabash 13
4.500 Wabash pfd 25%
3.2fi0 Wheeling & L E 12*i
4.100 Wheeling & L E 2d pfd 3U««
1.600 Wisconsin Central 10%
y<0 Third Avenue US 1 ,
2.S00 B & O pfd 86U
4,600 National Tube 6s%
COO National Tube pfd 105 l £
Express Companies —
i Adams 147
1 1.WJ0 American 1S6
700 United States : 08*4
1 Wells Fargo 137
Mlscelaneous — !
American Cottcn Oil 31
American Cotton Oil pfd 90
100 American Malting 5
200 American Maltlng-pfd 26*i
2.300 Am Smelting & Refining 54'b
1.000 Am Smelting & Refining pfd S6*i
American Spirits 1**
American Spirits pfd 17
9.2 1 *) Amex-ican Steel Hoop 33
'.00 American Steel Hoop pfd 77%
27.S00 American Steel & Wire <6Vi
600 American Steel & Wire pfd 8!>U
14,«*0 American Tin Plate 5€*i
2*i9 American Tin Plate pfd 90%
•31,2(i0 American Tobacco 113V*
Sf.0 American Tobacco pfd 135
2.2fO Anaconda Mining Co 48%
44.400 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 84^
7,700 Colorado Fuel & Iron r.5*i
22.500 Ccntiental Tobacco 33Ti
2.100 Continental Tobacco pfd 94U
19.2f4 Federal Steel 57*4
26,000 Federal Steel pfd 77»4
400 General Kleotric ISO
2,5<«<> Glucope Sugar Z2%
....... Glucose Sugar pfd 94k
600 International Paper 25
200 International Paper pfd 73
Laclede Ga» 74
4,100 National Biscuit 41U
600 National Biscuit prefd 93
550 National Lead 20Vi
200 National Lead rrefd 91V4
19.200 National Steel 43%
500 National Steel prefd 92*4
200 New York Air Brake 135
2,4no North American 20*4
300 Pacific Coast '. 60
Pacific Coast 1st prefd ; 89
Pacific Coast 2d prefd ...'; 67
' 400 Pacific Mall 43
17,500 People's Gas 104%
1,200 Pressed Ete«t Car 51*4
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd -. 82V4
1.700 Pullman Palace Car 200*4
Standard Rope & Twine 6Vfc
12,900 Bugar 140*4
Sugar prefd 117
P.500 Tennessee Coal & Iron 64%
7.W0 United State3 Leather 14*4
2. 441 United States Leather prefd 78
2.300 United States Rubber 30*4
4,200 United States Rubber prefd 81
4.200 Western Union 83%
4.300 Amalgamated Copper 93^4
7.000 Republic Iron A Steel Co 17>i
2.100 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 65
P C C & St L 17
1,687,300 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS
U S 2s ref reg lf*5 IN Y Cent lsts . . . . I0S«4
Do coup 105 |N J Cent gen 5s.l27',4
Do 2s reg 109V4INor Pac ?s 71*4
Do 3s coup 110 Do 4s 105
Do new 4s reg. .138 N Y C & St L 4s. 107*4
Do new 4s coup. .138 Nor & W c,on 4s..l00y
Do old. 4s reg.-..114 Or Nav lsts 110*4
Do old 4s coup. .114 1 Do 4s 1O4V4
Do 6s reg 112*4|O S Line 6s ,.,.129'k
Do 5s coup 112% Do con 5s 115*4
Dlst of Col 3.65s... 125 ; Rcadins Gen 4s.... 94<i
Atchison pen 4s...lO2%jR G \V lets 91
Do adjt 4s 88 jSLftIM Con 5s.ll4
Canada So 2d« 108*4 S L & S F Oen 6s.l»5»i
C & O 4*4* 104% fit Paul con 182*4
Do 6s 12O'i!St P C & P lets. .117%
C & N con 7s 133 ! Do os 119%
Do S F Deb 6s. 125 So Pac 4s ......... 8T&
Chicago Term 4s.. 92*4 So Ry 5s ' 112H
Colo So 4s 85 Standard R & T 6s 77
D & R G 4s 10214 Tex & Pac lsts. ...11514
Erie Gen 4s 84V4 Do 3ds 9.1
Ft W & D C lsts. SQ Ur.ion Pae 4s 105*4
Gen Elec 5s 160 IWabash lsts 118%
Iowa Cent lsts ....11C- Do 2d« ...
L & N Uni 4s 100 West Shore m*4
M K & T 2ds 77V4 Wls Cent lsts .... 86 -
Do 4s 99 Va Centuries ...... 76
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con V Little Chief ....... l«
Alice 41 Ontario 5 77;
Breece — 2 (c Ophlr 4%
Brunswick Con 20 Phoenix 10
Comstock Tunnel...' 4 Potosl 10
Con. Cal A Va ICO Savage u
Deadwnod Terra,... K Sierra • Nevada .... 20
Horn Kllvei 1 in Small Hopes ....... fil
Iron Silver ........ Cl Standard 2V
Lcadvllle Con .... 5 . ?
BOSTON STOCKS AND CO'tfDS.
Money — " ' Union - Pacific 62'4
rail loans £>,*@S*i Ur.ion Lion -3,-
Business was fair on the morning session of
the Bond Exchange, but sales were generally
ln small lots and prices showed no fluctuations
worthy of note.
The market continued quiet and featureless
ln the afternoon.
Pronounced activity continued on ths Oil Ex
change, the most active stocks being Junction.
Monarch of Arizona, Petroleum Center, Reed,
San Joaquin and Sterling. All of these stocks
were higher, as will be seen by the list of
sales, and- San Joaquln sold up to $13.
In the afternoon San Joaquin sold up to $13 50
and most of the others were firm with a good
business.
The Alaska Packers' Association Will pay Its
eighty-fifth dividend of 73c on the 12th.
The Natoma Vineyard Company has declared
a 5 per cent dividend, for the year, amounting
to $30,000, payable in monthly Installments.
The Continental Bulldlny and Loan Associa
tion has declared a dividend at the rate of 5
per cent on. ordinary depoelts and 6 per cent on
term deposits, payable immediately.
The California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany has declared a dividend at the rate of 3.60
per cent per annum on term deposits and 3 per
cent on ordinary deposits, payable Immediately.
STOCK. AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 2-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS..
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup...l»4 115'iUs do cp (new).13S 13b%
4s do reg 114 H5' a 3s do coup 110 111
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P Co.. 104% — Oak Water 5s. — 102H
Cal-st Cab 6s. 116 117 Oceanic SS Ss.lOS lOS'i
C C Water 5s. 106 — Om C Ry 6S...12SH —
Ed E-& P 6s. .131 135 Pac G Imp 4s.l0l' —
F & a Ry 6s.lllti — P & Cl Ry 6s. 105 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — PiORRSi- —
H-C & S 5Vis. — — Powell-st R 63IIS —
Do 5s lC3^i — Sac E G&R 5s. — 100
L A Ry 5s 111% — S F & SJV 5s. 119% —
t, A Lt Co 6s. — — S R of Cal 6s. — 113
Do Kntd 8s.. — — S P R of A 6s. 110% —
L A gntd 5s.. — — S P C «s (1905.
L A P R R 5s. 1W) — Series A) 109H —
ilarket-st 6s. .126 — Do (Series B)U0»4 —
Do 1st M 5S.122U — Do (1306) ....112 112%
N C N G R 7s. — 113 Do (1912) ....120% — '
Do 5s ltt — is P R 1st g 5s.lO7^i —
N P C R R 6s. 101 — S P R 6s 131 —
N R of Cal 6s. — — js V Water 6s. .114*4 —
Do 5s 10CH — Do- 4s .... 103% —
N Cal Ry 5S..110U — Do 3d mt£...102 —
O G L & H 5s — llUiiStktn Gas 6s.. 101*4103
Oak Tran 6s... — — .|
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70>$ 71'$ Spring Valley. 93tt —
Marln County. 51*4 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co — 4Vi Pacific L Co.. 43H 45
Equit G L Co. 2% 3 Sac E G&R Co 35 —
Mutual ELCo'S 10 SFG& E 45*4 —
OCL»H....- 49%, San Francisco. 4^4 4?i
Pac Gas Imp.. 45 46 Stktn G & E.. — U
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund.. 223 235
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 75 — ' First Natlonl.310 —
Bank of Cal. .409 412i4 London P & A.141 — .
Cal S D & T..104 — Sierchants- Ex 16 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L...1SG0 1000 Sav & L So... — —
Hum S & L... — — Sec Sav Bk...I75 —
Mut Sav Bk... 50 — Union T Co... — —
S F Sav U....500 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....1294 — iO S L & H.... 33 48
Geary-st 45 — Presidio 17*4 21
Market-st 63% 70 I
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 160 Vlgorit S 3?;
Giant Con Co. SZ% 83%
SUGAR STOCKS.
liana S P Co.. 6}i 7 Kllauea S Co.. 20% —
Haw C & S Co — 90 Makawell S Co 40v» —
Honokaa S Co. 31*4 31% Onomea S Co.. 28 2SS
Hutch S P Co. 25H 26 Paauhau S Co. 31«4 31%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.l.'3m23»i Pac A F A 1% —
Cal Fruit Asn.102% — Pac Bor Co... 153 15*.
Mer Ex Assn.. 37 100 Para Paint Co. 12'i —
Oceanic S Co.. 103 103'i
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Alaska Packers' Assn 123 75
50 Equitable Gas , '. 3 25
10U Equitable Gas 3 12*4
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 75
60 Makawell 41 CO
40 MakawelP 40 87H
135 Paauhau S P Co 31 62^
35 Paclnc Gas Imp 45 00
5 Pacific Lighting ..'. 44 00
30 S F Gas and Electric Co -.. 45 25
10 S V Water : 93 50
J10Q0 S V ts 114 50
Street—
J2000 Los Angeles Ry 5s ill 50
J20C0 S P Branch Ry 6s 13150
$500 U S 3s (coup) ...HI 00
/ Afternoon Session.
Board—
60 Giant Powder Con 83 75
50 Giant Powder Con 83 62*i
50 Hutchinson S P Co 25 75
5'Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 20 75
ISO Makawell : 41 OO
25 Onomea Sugar Co...i 2S 25
110 Paauhau S P Co 31 62*4
10 Pacific Gas Imp 45 50
1C0 S F Gas and Flectrlc Co 45 25
SO S V Water., S3 25
Street—
EO Honokaa 31 37U
100 H.utchinson S P Co 25 75
$20,000 S V 4s (2d mtsa) 103 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. t
• Morn ins Session.
Board —
200 Caribou ......'. ,.. 58
ICO Four J011 Co - 60 i
1C0 Four Oil Co 57
K0 Four Oil Co. 59
8Of> Hanford-Fresno-Kern River '*)
POO Junction «3
1100 Junction ;.. '¦ $4
1050 Lion Oil Co , 20
300 McKittrlck Consolidated 40
1000 Monarch of Arizona so "
100 Monarch of Arizona, b 30. t go
COO Monarch of Arizona, b 30 78
100 Monarch of Arizona, b 30 ;.. 77'
100 Monarch of Arizona, b 30 ." 78
100 Monarch of Arizona 73 '
SO Oil City Petroleum :..'..•. 3« 00
2200 Petroleum Center 24
GOO Petroleum Center, b SO »...^ 24
2100 Petroleum Center !,...,....„.. 25
2C0 Queen Esther •,...•..>..... 53
1700 Reed Crude Oil Co •...„• 67
800 Reed Crude Oil Co ; 68
350 San Joaquln Oil and. Dev -. 12 59
100 San Joaquln Oil and &er.. 12 jot'
200 San Joaquln Oil and Dev 13 00
200 Sterling O and D Co 290
200 Sterling O and D Co. b 60.:.......;..- 3 00
325 Sterling O and D Co .' 3 00 "
100 Twenty-Eight 245
200 West Shore 373
1C0 Wolverine , j gn
Street- w
200 Reed Crude Oil Co n
Afternoon Session. v'" ,. •
1200 California-Standard ..-..'. " • * T .
300 Four Oil Co : *'" J»
600 Four. Oil Co .!!"'" e?
1000 Hanford-Fresno-Kern" River.-..!" *""* s«
250 Home Oil "" ,S
1000 Independence * ~>
200 Junction t *"** gj
50 Kern River '. *""iRin
2100 Lion Oil Co .'! lb %¦ .
400 Lion Oil Co. (B 10) " - ?rf •
500 McKittrlck ;.. m
2C0 Monarch of Arrzona !!!!!" 75
200 Monarch of Arizona .-... • ' ** 7a
47 Oil City Petroleum !!!!!.W'j6 23
8750 Petroleum Center ••.••••
20 Petroleum Center ". "*" ... »5
3100- need Crude Oil gg ¦
€00 Reed Crude Oil ..i 63
1S5 San Joaquln Oil & Dev..:.. 13 50
200 San Joauin Oil & Dev 13 00
50 San Joauin Oil £ Dev • 13^3
C50 Sterling Oil & r>ev. Co 310 ¦
200 Twenty-Eight ; 2 47^
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 2—2:30 p. m
THE STOCK MARKET.
Pime loans 4@5 West End 93
Stocks — Bonds —
\tch Top & S F... 47 Atchison 4s 101*4
Do prefd 89^ N E G & C 5s 70%
<mer Susar MOVi Mining Shares-
Do prefd 117 Adventure 10V£
Vmer Telephone... 153 Allouez Min Co 3hk
'4o«<ton » Albany. .253 Amal Copper 93%
•kipton Elevated... 160 Atlantic 2S>4
Itoston & Maine. ..1«3 Boston & Montana 324
.'hi Bur & Q 142 Butte & Boston SO
Dominion Coal 3a»i Calumet & Hecla...830
Do prefd 10!) Centennial 24\i
Federal Steel o7H. I Franklin 17
Do prefd 77Vi Humboldt i>0
Fitchburg prefd... 39'* Osceola 83
G«*"ernl Electric... 190V, Parrot- 50Vi
Do prefd uc Qulncy 173
Ed Elec 111 230 S F Copper.....!.. 7
Mexican Central... 15% Tamarack .{...335
Old Colony 205 Utah Mining...:..- 33>£
Old Dominion 32 Wlnona 5 l ,4
Rubber so I Wolverines 49&
London Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were moderate in volume of
business and Irregular to-day, but Americans
were blazing, being rampant all day. London
professionals bought wildly in spite of heavy
profit-taking In Northern Pacifies, which was
counterbalanced by froe general buying from
Berlin. The best opinion here now deprecates
the boom, pointing out as evidence of pura
manipulation that ths Pacific roads have risen
K dally for some time, whereas Canadian Pa
cific, which benefits equally from trade condi
tions, is unmoved. Pails spurted Tintos one
point on the rise ln metal. Call money was
easy on the turn of the year. The market re
paid the bank virtually all Its borrowings. The
copper fortnightly statistics were stationary.
The year's figures f-how supplies of 2SO.OO0 tons,
of which 161,000 tons were American, against
22S.000 tons last year, of which 113.000 tons were
American.
CLOSING.
Atchison, i$%; Canaditai Pacific, SoU: Union
Pacific preferred.' S7; Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 90M;; Grand Trunk, 7%; Anaconda. 10.
Bar silver, steady, 2$ 9-16d per ounce. Money,
3^j per cent.
. New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 2.— Money on call, firm at
4'i(510 per cent; Jast loan, 6 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 4$i<g5V4 per cent; sterling ex
change, strong, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 85»i©4 85vg for demand and
*4 Sl? 4 @4 817* for 60 days; posted rates, $4 82^4
and $4 85*34 SS%; commercial bills. $1 SlYs®
4 S1V4; silver certificates, 64M:©65c: bar silver.
64c; Mexican dollars, 50c. Bonds — Government,
weak; State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds,
firm.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2.— To-day's statement
o£ the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $130,0CO,OC0 gold reserve in, the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $140,107,336; gold, J36.2C1.321.
San Franrlsco & McKittrick.l - 1 50 1 73.
San Joaquln Oil & Dev. Co... I 13 50
Shamrock ;..( . 75 g?
Sterling OIJ & Vev. Co.:. 3 C5 5 lfV
Twenty-eight .„. . 2 4."> 2 SO
Westshore .• -....;^ f 3 60 3 75
Yukon .„ I ¦ . f 45,''
Pittsburgh .: , _.,.| 2> ':' ' ; —
Wolverine ; | 1 45 1 sa
illNIXG STOCKS. : •
The foirowintr wer» the sa:es In th» San
Francisco Stock and Exchange JE>oard yester
day : . ' " . ' : . ' . . ..-..¦-'
Jlcrnlnjr Session.
«* Andos CS'irro Ophlr TV
10O Belcher ll'SOrt Overman 0*
ISO Best & Belcher -27t ,'CO PotosJ .; «
2CO. Caledonia 52, ICO Sara«e „.' 14:
200 Challenge ..... 13! 5CO Sierra Nevada. 2"v:
4-:0 Con Cal ft Va.l 90 200 Silver Hill..... M
200 Con Cal & Va.l 8.', lew Union Con 2V
1100 Con Cal & Va.l 90 400 Union Con 2*
;2v Mexican 3!>, ICO Utah C4
200 Opiilr 73
Afternoon Session.
«S Andes .."..,.... 09! 2fV) Hale & Nor... »
™ Belcher io| 200 Mexican 21
2CO Best & Belcher 2*: 300 Ophir 71
1™ Bullion n, 80 Ophlr 7*
Iv? SjMoaia' 52i 4CO Overman 10
S2-£ hcll * r ••••••'•• 14! 200 Potoul 14
3^.0 Con Cal A Va.l 80; 2C0 Savage IS
200 Hale & Nor... la! 2C0 Silver Hill 43
e. Tb £'52 Ii T' rln|r were the sales ln ">• Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
¦ Morning Session.
230 Con C & V..i JPM 5C0 OouM ft Curry T>
IS £ n ?V cs zaa Mexican ..!_?. 31
|W Belcher n goo Mexican 3d
300 Best <fe Belcher 25 300 Ophlr 71
60O Bes-t & Belcher 2» 4C0 Ophir! 70
200 Caledonia o3. 704 Ophir ....... 8>
300 Cal'donla 52 2'*) STrra Nevada 2V
500 Con Cal & Va.l 7". 4M Silver H1U Jl
SCO Con Cal & Va.l 80 4C0 Union Con
300 Con C & V..1 S2V V *T.
Afternoon Session. ';¦
8TO Andes 0<»: JCO Mexican jV
. 2CO Best & Bslcher ZS ir/> Ophir 73
3C0 Chollar 14 r 500 Potosl . 11
2C0 Coa Cal & Va.l 80J 2C0 T.'nion Con!'.!! 21
. 3tt) Gould &. Curry 32: 200 Union Con..... 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 2—4 P. M.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Apha 03 o-VJustlee tt f»
Alta ' 05 C6iKentuck ...... 02
Andes OS id b..!v Wash,.., — 03
Belcher 10 lljMexlcan 37 33
Best & Belcher 27 23 ! Occidental .... 02 04
Bullion <a 04 Ophlr 72 73
Caledonia 52 . 53] Overman C9 10
Chollar 14 lSlPotost 13 14
Challenga Con 15 15 Savatre 15 15
Confidence .... 50 55 Scorplcn — • «vt
Con Cal & Va.l 75 1 SK Seg Belcher... 01 03
Con Imperial. .;.01 02' Sierra l.'*vada J4 25
Con New York' 01 — Silver Hill 4S 4)
Eureka Con.:. — S3 St. Louis 09 —
Crown Point.. 10 11 Standard SCO S 63
Exchequer ...; — 02 Syndicate 11 —
Gould & Curry 30 35 Union Coa 23 &f
Hale & Nor... 20 21 Utah 04 0T.
Julia. 01 C3 Yellow Jacket. 14 13
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Stiver a fraction firmer. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat higher on the spot, with increased activity.
Other cereals inactive at previous quotations.
Nothing nczv in Hay and Feedstuff s.
Beans generally firm, with slight changes.
Potatoes quiet, Onions easier and Vegetables dull.
Poultry in light supply and firm. Game dull and easy.
Butter zi'cak and accumulating. Eggs and Cheese firm.'
Oranges and Lemons still plentiful and weak. Limes firm.
Apples rather firmer. Fresh Pears about gone for the season.
Nothing kczv in Provisions.
Meat market rules firm under light supplies.
Local, stocks and bonds quiet. Oil stocks very active and rising.
¦ On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dull. Creamery, 15®23c; Dairy. 12
«?20c. Cheese, dull., : lOVi@ll%c. Eggs, dull;
fresh. 22c. " --."
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Jan. 2.— Special cable and tele-
graphic dispatches to Bradstreet's show the
following changes in available supplies from
the last account:
Wheat — United .States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decreased 15,000 bushels; afloat for
and In Europe, decreased . 1,700,000 bushels;
tctal supply, decreased 1,715,000 bushels.
Cprn— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, increase 469.000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase 249,000 bushels.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Jan. 2. — The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: The wool
market the past week has been quiet. As this
period is one of stock taking, balancing of ac
counts, etc., very little business was expected.
While the demand has been -generally quiet
and the volume of sales small there is a con
fident feeling in the trade and the belief pre
vails that a better business is to develop after
the new year gets fairly under way. There
has been no disposition to' force wool on the
part of holders, who are content to wait until
the heavyweight eeasoii opens. Advices from
abroad Indicate continued firm markets an.l
holders in the West are unwilling to make any
concessions in prices. The demand during the
past week has run to both fine and medium
stock, mostly territories and scoured wools and
the purchasing has been largely by the me
dium-sized mills, the largest consumers not yet
being a factor In the market. The sales for
the week in Boston amounted to 1.324,000 pounds
domestic and 125,000 pounds foreign, making a
totnl of 1,449.000 pouuds. against a total of
2,503,700 pounds for thu previous week, and a
total of 2,t05,600 pounds for the corresponding
week last year.
New York Metal Market
NEW YORK. Jan. 2.— Speculatlvely the mar
ket for metals was a small one. Sales of small
lots were the rule ani those only of a nature
to supply urgent demands of buyers. Cables
furnished no Incentive In either direction,
showing an unexpected loss of about 5 shillings
at London for tin to £121 lCs. but was very
quiet. The local market for that metal was
also nominally lower under a lack of support,
ruling duir all day and closed dull at $26 75®
27 25. Copper was inactive and unchanged,
closing at $17 fcr lake nnd $16 62H for casting.
Exports of copper for December aggregated
10,771 tons, making a total -for the year of
131.988 tons. Lead was dull and unchanged at
$4 37^. Spelter wad unchanged at $4 12»/2@
4 17»J. Domestic iron markets show no im
portant features, ruling dull and nominally
unchanged.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Jan. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts, 14,-
CCO; gentrally strong to 10c higher; active.
Good to prime steers. $5 45®6 20; poor to me
dium. $3 S5@5 40; stockers and feeders, $2 75®
4 30; cows, strong. $2 65@4 30; heifers, $2 CSQ 1
4 60; canners, $2®4 65; bulls. $3@4 40; calves.
$4 od'SC; Texas grassers, $3 40® 1 15; bulls, $2 40
(S3 10.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 26.OCO; to-morrow,
23,000; strong to 5c higher. Top. $3 15; mixed
find butchers. $1 8i@5 15; good to choice heavy,
U i>mz 13: rough heavy, $4 S0S4 90; light, $4 SO
Qi 10: bulk of sales, $4 95®5 10.
SHEEP— Receipts, 12.CC0; sheep and lambs
opened about steady: closed 10c lower. Good
to choice wethers, $3 S0®4 75; fair to choice
mixed. $3 40Q3 85: Western sheep. $3 75<34 65;
Texas sheep, $2 E0(g3 60: native lambs, $1 1>>@
5 50; Western lambs. $5@5 50.
Portland's Business.
balances, $99,123.
PORTLAND, Jan. 2.— Clearings, $542,8S0;
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 2.— Wheat is firm and
higher; Walla Walla. 55Vi356c. Some sales
have been made at the latter figure, with V4c
more bid for round lots of heavy stock.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 2.— No change in wheat; club,
54c; blue stem, 57 1 /ic.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Jan. 2.— Consols, 97%; silver,
29 9-lCd; French rentes, lOlf 77Vjc. Wheat car-
Koes on passage, quiet and steady: cargoes
No. 1 Standard California, 31s; cargoes Walla
Walla. 23s.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 2.— Weather in England,
foggy.
COTTON— Uplands, 5"<.d.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ; 29,000 35,000
Wheat, bushels. 130,000 15,000
Corn, bushels 620,000 166.000
Oats, bushels 451.000 182,000
Rye, bushels..... 6,000 .......
Barley, bushels. 9J.0O0 10.000
10c more. No orders taken for ¦ lest than 75
barrels or. its equivalent.' Dominoes, half-bar
rels, 6.40c; boxes. 6.63c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The market Is unchanged, and the tone con
tinues firm owing to light stocks.
BEEF— 7@8c for Steers and 6©7c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 8@9c; small. 9@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 98$%c; Ewes, 8%@9c per
pound.
LAMB— l0<S10Hc per lb.
PORK— Live Hops. 5Hc for small and 5%c for
medium and i<%@5?ic for large: stock Hogs and
feeders, 5©5^ic; dressed Hogs, 7^i@gUc. '
Receipts of Produce.
'lour, qr .sks 7.S75 .Buckwheat, ska... 22
Wheat, ctls 15.230 Mustard. ls
Barley, ctls ll,095!Hops. bis...- isj
Rye. ctls l,l."Wi Shorts, sks, 90
Corn. East, ctls.. 5C0|Pelts. bdls '. 45
Beans, sks 1,123 Hides. Ko.» 220
Hay. tons..". 875 Tallow, ctls 211
Straw, tons 21 Wool, bdls %
Potatoes, sks 9,219 Wine. jcal? Jt.-^rt
Onions, Fks 129 Leather, rolls 94
Bran, sks 1.195 Silver, flasks 2«f»
Middlings,- sks.... 3.035 Llrae. bbls 273
Two cars of Oranges were offered at the auc
tion and sales were made as follows: Fancy
Navels. $1 75@2 05; choice do, $1 15@1 70; stand
ard, 90c@$l 40; Seedlings, 75c@$l 10.
The Orange market continues well supplied
and weak, owing to the cold weather. Lemons
are likewise weak and plentiful. Arrivals of
329 cases Mexican Limes.
Dealers are quoting a firmer Apple market,
especially for the finer grades, though prices
show no edvance. Almost all the Pears now
offering are cold storage stock, as fre3h Pear3
are about done.
Cranberries are In meager supply and firm.
The few Strawberries that occasionally come
In meet with no demand whatever. •
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—30@<0c per box for common and 63c
@J1 25 for good to choice; Spitzenbergs, $1@1 75;
Oretron Spltzenbergs, JUgl 25; | Lady Applea,
$1 75<£3 per box.
PEARS— 50c©$l 50 per box.
CRANBERRIES — Jerseys. $12; Wisconsin*,
$13 60; Cape Cod, J14 per barrel: Coos Bay. $2 30
IQ2 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Orang-s. $lff2 25:
Seedlings. 75ciK$l 50; Tangerines. $1<S1 25; Man
darins, $l!gl 25; Lemons, 25c<§'$l 25 for common
and $1 50<&2 25 for good to choice: Grape Fruit.
u0c<QS2; Mexican Limes, $4 50@5: California
Limes. 25rg,35c; Bananas, $1®2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1@2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras. 4 sires, 3c;
40-JOs, 7c; C0-60s, 5Uc; 6O-70s. 3%c; 70-SOs, 3Hc:
80-SOs. 2%c: 90-lCOs, 2Uc: 100s and over. 2s: ru
bles, ',4c premium; Sonomas, He and San Joa
qulns, tic less than Santa Claras, except 100s
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, t>#
Sc for Royals and 10@10Hc for Moorparks;
Evaporated Anples. 5®6c: sun-dried, 3Vi®4%c;
Peaches, 4@5c for standard. 5©6c for choice
and 6>£{»7c for fancy; Pears, 2©7c; Plums,
pitted. 5@GHc; unpitted. Kgl^c: Nectarines, 5@
5Hc for red and 5406c for white.
KAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices fcr the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12o
per lh; choice, lie; standard, SKc; prime. Sc;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy, 10',4c per lb: choice, 9»£c: standard, S%c:
prime. 8c: unbleached Sultana?. 8c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. 6Hc: 4-crown. 7c; London Layers.
2-crown, $1 EO per box: 3-crbwn. tl 60; Fancy
Clusters, $2: Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7Vi«J9c per lb for Italian;
Walnut*. No. 1 softshell. Jlc: No. 2, 8c: No. 1
hardshell. 10c; No. 2. 7%c: Almonds. 12®lSc for
papershell, 9iffllc for softshell: Peanuts, 5@6c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 13c: Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans, 11W13C: Cocoanuts, $3 60«?5.
HONEY— Comb, 13H@14%c fcr hrlffht and 12>4
(S13c for light amber; water white, extracted,
7*4(fISc; light amber, extracted, 6%@7c; dark,
6!fi6'^p ver lb.
BEESWAX-24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
The market Is sluggish and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lKBllUc per lb for
heavy, UH©12c for light mediurrt, 12>4@13c for.
light, 13^@14c for extra light and 15@15Vie for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 11H@
12c; Mess Beef, $12 50 per barrel; extra -Mess,
$13; Famllv. $14; extra Prime Pork. $16: extra
clear, $19 50; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c per
pound.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 9VtO for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9%c; 10-lb tins. 10c: 5-lb tins, 10\4c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8Uc: three
half -barrels," 8c: one tierce. 7%c; two tierces.
794c; five tierces, "Hc.per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
General Merchandise.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc. under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
10c; medium, Scf light. 8g8V4c; Cowhides, SMQ
9c for heavy and S@SV6c for light; Stags, 6@6Hc:
Salted Kip. 9®9Hc; Salted Veal. 9<g9He: Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 15\4c; culls. 13%o: Dry
Kip, 15c: Dry Calf. 16c; culls and brands,
14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20<g30c each; short
Wool. 30@50c each; medium, 60@75c: long Wool*
75c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 5C@2 75 for
large and $2 25 for medium, $1 25 for small and
60c for colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large.
$150 for medium, *1 25 for small and 50c for
colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins.
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. BOc: medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered,, 4©4',ic per lb: No.
2, 3ttc: grease. 2©2Hc
WOOL— Spring, clip is ouotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@16c; Northern, defective, 12©
14c; Middle County, free. 15® 16c: Middle County,
defective, 12@14c: Southern Mountain, 12
months', - 9<??10c: Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'.' ll®12c: Southern Mountain, defective
7 months', S^llc; Humboldt and Mendoclno, 16
@17c: Nevada, 13<!JlCc per lb.
Fall clip— San Joaquln. ev^Sc; do Iambs. 8@
9c; Middle County, 9@10c; Northern Mountain
free, .lOifjSllc: Southern: Mountain. 7V&@8Vic-
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@12c per lb. • •
HOPS— 12@16c per lb.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags, "June and July, 6%c; Wool Bags,
28%@32Hc; Fleece Twine, 7^c. , ,. •
. COAL— "Wpllinston, %9 per ton; Southfteld Wel
lington, $9; Seattle, .$7; Bryant, $7; Coos Bay
$5 60; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend . $9-
Cumberland, JJ2 In bulk and $13 25 In sacks :
•Pennsylvania Anthracite, Egg, $14; Cannel, $io
per ton; Coke, ¦ $15 ¦ per ton in bulk and $18 in
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per
2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to brand
¦ SUGAR— The ; Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, • per lb, In . 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.15c: Powdered, 5.75c; Candy Oran
ulat?d, 5.75c; Dry Granulated, 5.65c; Confec
tioners' A. . 5.65c; Magnolia A, • 5.25c: Extra' C
5.15c;- Oolden C. 6.0nc; barrels.'lOc more:half
1 barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; GO- lb bags
$4 50@4 65; Large White, $3 65®3 80; Pink. $2 10
(22 20; Red. $2 75@3; Blackeye, $3; Llmas. $5 50
@5 65; Pea, $4 25@4 50; Red Kidney, $3 75© 4 per
ctl. _ -. -
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@2 75;; Canary,
3Hc per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 7^@9%c; Rape, 2%®3c; Hemp, 4<£4&c;
Timothy, 4@4V4c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2@2 50; Green. $2 70
©3 per ctl;. Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Merced Sweets that arrived yesterday
sold at the flat quotation below. Onions were
quoted easier.
Southern Vesetablea were weak and dull,
owing to the very cold weather.
POTATOES— River Reds. 70®85c; Burbanks,
35(??:45c for River and 90c@$l 20 per ctl for Sa
linas and C0®90c for Oregon; Sweets, 50®60c
for Rivers and S5c for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 50<Bl 90 per ctl; Cut Onions, Jl
©1 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 5@7c per lb;
String Beans, 7(fil0c; Cabbage, SOc; Tomatoes,
Los Angeles, Jl(gl 75 per crate; Egg Plant, LO3
Angeles, 10012c per lb; Green Peppers. Los
Angeles. 5<56c per lb; Dried Peppers, 9@llc:
Dried Okra, 10$fl5c per lb: Carrots, 25@35c per
box; Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 50 per dozen;
Summer Squash, fl 50 per box; Garlic, 4@5c
per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $S@12 per ton;
Mushrooms, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry dealers reported a very firm market
with light receipts, as usual after a holiday.
One car of Eastern came In. Arrivals of dress-
ed Turkeys were only IS cases.
Arrivals of Game were 90 sacks, but in spite
of this small quantity the market was slug
gish and weak. There was considerable of
Tuesday's stock also on the market.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12013c for Gob
blers and 13#14c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
17@19c; Geese, per pair, $17502; Goslings, $175
62; Ducks, iZ'iii for old and $4 5005 50 for
young; 'Hens, $3 50<g5; Young Roosters, $5@5 50;
Old Roosters.. (3 50@4 50; Fryers. $3; Broil
ers, ti&t 50 for large and $3 50@4 for small;
Pigeons, , $1 per dozen for old and $2®2 25 for
Squabs.
GAME-Quall. $1 2501 50; Mallard, $2 5033;
Canvasback, $2@3; Sprig, $1 75@2; Teal, $1 25;
"Widgeon, Jl@l 25; Bmall Duck, 75c®ll; Black
Jack. JKgl, 25; Gray Geese, $3 5t>®3; "White
Geese, $1@1 25; Brant, $1 25@1 60 for small and
$1 75@2 for large; Honkers, $3 50@4 50; English
Snipe,' $1 50@2; Jack Snipe. $1 25: Hare, $1 250
153; Rabbits. $1 25® 1 50 for Cottontail and $1
for Brush; Doves, 75c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Prices for Butter showed considerable varia
tion on the Exchange, as will be seen. The
market Is liberally supplied for' this time of the
year, and with the exception of extra cream
eries stocks are accumulating. A meeting of
creamery butter makers was held after the
session for the comparison of views, with the
object of improving the character of the
product if possible, and tho discussion of a
possible association of butter makers.
Cheese rules firm, with light supplies. Eggs,
too, are In light supply, and all grades are
quoted firm.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 63,300 lbs Butter, 960 cases California
Eggs, 450 cases Eastern Eggs. 1300 lbs Call
lfirnia Cheese and lbs Eastern Cheese.
HUTTER-
Creamery— Extras, 26c; firsts, 24c; seconds,
22c.
Dairy — Extras, 21c; firsts, 19c; seconds, 18c;
store, 13c.
Storage— Creamery extras, 22',£e; firsts, 21c;
seconds, 20c; dairy extras, .
Plckl6-20c ;>er lb.
Kee— 20c per lb.
CHEESE — Fancy, full creana. 13c; choice, lie;
common, nominal; Young Americas, 13c; East
ern, full cream, l&S16%c per lb.
EGGS—
California ranch— Selected white. 31c; mixed
colors, 29c per dozen.
California gathered — Fancy, 2Sc; standard,
; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, 27%c;
seconds, .
Storage — California fancy, 25c; standard. ;
Eastern fancy, 2jc; standard, ; seconds.
Deciduous and Other Fruits.
Ill 25@11.65; lard, per ICO lbs, $6 90@6 95; short
ribs sides (loose). $6 40@6 .70; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed). 5%®6Hc; short clear Fides
(boxed), ?6 80@6 90; whisky, ' basis of high
wines, $1 27; sugars cut, loaf 6.29; grauu
lated, 5.70; confectioners' A, 5.69; oft A, 5.54:
clover, contract grade, $10 25® 10 35.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 3, 1901.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK. . Bid.; Ask.
American Fuel & Oil Co — 2S
Burlington — 25
California-Standard 37 33
Caribou '. 55 js
Four "57" ' 5s
Hanford — * •-.. — CS 00
Fanford-Fresno-Kern River.. SS 40
Home 4 20 4 25
Independence 21 22
Kern 1 10 23 11 0O
Kern River 18 37H 17 oo
Lion OH Co.. • 19 20
Monarch of Arizona..... ' «S _
Junction ••• " 63 $4
Occidental of West Va .... 63 65
Oil City Petroleum 38 25 *7 50
Petroleum Center... 25 * 26
Reed Crude..'.'......... ....'... .'.r 63 70
May
C<3.
!3
24
24
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
his
I Last
A &
. Seasor
! M.fc6
7.
12.10
7
11. VZ
.43
4.S6
2.
.79
.73
10.53
3.40
1.34
his
I Last
A &
. Seasor
! M.fc6
7.
12.10
7
11. VZ
.43
4.S6
2.
.79
.73
10.53
3.40
1.34
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m. Steamers leave . Broadway
W wharf, San Francisco:
SJs__ For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m_
pdNsSdi Jan - '• 6 - n - 1S - n - 2? - **- Feb -
IfcS'v^Siv'*** 5 - Chantre to company's iteara-
¦&B&J\C£a ers at Seattle.
¦fisflSPi jQLl For Victoria, VaEcocver (B.
E&AZUgGly C.). Port Townsend. Seattle.
I Tacoma. Everett. Anacortps.
"- and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
U a m., Jan. 1, 6. 11. 18, 21. 23.
II. Feb. 5, and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., Jan. X, t.
13. 13, 23. 2S. Feb. 2, and every fifth day there*
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Loa An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, % a. xa.;
steamer Santa Ros* Sundays. Si, a
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Garlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, Da. m.; steamer
Bonita. Tuesdays. 9 a. rn.
For Enacnada, Magdal*na Bay, San Jos* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paj. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company**
folders. V .:
The company reserves the right to chance
steamers-, sailing dates and hours ot sailing.'
without previous n"tic».
TICKET OFriCE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOOD\LL. PERKIKS A CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. Saa Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. 00.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. xa.
FARF IL 2 / lrst S^ ss Including Berth
I MIIL. $3S?C3nd Class cod Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails Jan. 3, 13. 23. Feb. 3
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Jan. 8. 13 2$
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte '
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. •
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st
TOYO KISEN KAISHA;
¦ • ¦ '." 1 '- ; S
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Br*nnan streets, at 1 p. xa.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for la*
dla. etc. No cargo received. on board on day or
sailing. -. - :
SS.. HONGKONG MARTT.. .,
• ' Thursday. January 24. 13C1
SS. NIPPON MARtT...:
....Tuesday, February 13, 1301
SS. AMERICA MARU :.............. •
......Friday, March 15, 1301
Ronnd-trip tickets? at reduced rates. Vor
freiKht «nd passage ap-nly at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
VZW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LQND05. FAB13.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Kverv Wednesday. 10 a. nfl.
Kensington . ,...Jan. - 3 Vnderiand .. Jan. 30
Noordland Janl 1« New. Tork.. Feb. 6
Frlesland .......Jan: 23 Kensington Feb. 13
RED STAR L1NB.
New York and Antwerp*
.From New Tork Every Wednesday. 12 Noon*
Kensington ...'..Jan. OlSouthwark ..Jan. SO
Noordland Jan. Its Wejternland . ...Feb. G
Frlesland Jan. •SIKonslnirton .,...Feb. 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
C1IAS. D. . TATLOR.
. General Agent Pacific Coast. .'.' ¦
30 Montgomery st. :
oceawcb.bxo. a^»s
SS.' ALAMEi>A. for Honolulu, Samoa. Xev • .
¦ Zealand > and Australia :
.-.Thursday. January 3.1301, at S p. rru
SS AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ¦
*.-.... Sunday, January % 1 p. ia«
SS ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only) .
January 16, 2 o. m.
I O.SPSE&KELS k BHQ3. CO., General Agents. 327 Harksi St
gan'l Paasnatr Offia, 643 aart.n St, Pier la. 7. ftcfi: 51
PANAMA R. US
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
S.S.ROAN.QKE sails January 8, -
S. S. ST. PAUL sails January 29, -
'From -wharf, focf of Fremont st.. at 3 p. m.
Freight and passenger, offlce. 330 Market st.
. F.F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Ajrent..
COXPAQKIS GENERAL'S TRANSATLANTICS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .*^a-»
every-Thursday. Instead of 4#T7£rrk
Saturday, at 10' a. m.. from Pier 43. — J»«*9»
North River, foot of Morton street. First clasi
tu Havre $53 and upward. Second class to
'Havre J45 »nd upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. »
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.-
F FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. S
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
sold by- all Railroad Ticket Aeents.
BAY AND BIVEB *
.FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO. '
Stenmer "Monticeilo." -«
, MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. tt'9-45
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (*x. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. rn and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. in.. J
p m. Landing and offlce. -Mia^ton-street Dock.
. Pier No. 3. . Telephone. Main 1503.
FARE ;....... , 50c,
AUCTION SALES
fc& AUCTION. £*:
¦ 'A MASCOT STABLE.
¦ 1106-1108 Golden Gate ave.. ¦ -
SATURDAY..." '.a.JANTABT S.
At 10 a. m. without reserve.
FIFTV HEAD OF WELL-KNOWN TROT--
TER3. ROAD HORSES AND CARRIAGE.
AND SADDLE HORSES, together with bug-'
KlfS. surrey*, and harnesses, tor the. benent ¦
of my creditors - - •"
By order of DAN McCARTT. • ' - •
3. WATKINS. Auctioneer.Annie Stone, the Servant Girl Burglar, Leon
. Henry and Edward Smith, Alleged Con
federates, Are Caught by Officer Hammill
FOUR-TEAR-OLD COLORED GIRL "WHO HAS BEEN TAUGHT BY DIS
SOLUTE WOMEN OP HER RACE SOME OF THE MOST SHOCKING
OF VICES.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 2.— The persistency of
Mrs. Justin Rice, a street preacher, has
landed her In Jail three times within
twenty-four hours and she still threatens
to pursue her calling. Mrs- Rice and her
husband, a cowboy evangelist, have been
holding forth in this city for the past few
days. Yesterday afternoon she was ar
rested twice for blockading the streets
and released each lima on $10«bail.
Before Justice Cobb this morning sha
and her husband promised" to leave the
city If the cases were dismissed. This"
was done. Mrs. Rice then went out and
held another meeting. She was again ar
rested and friends put up $3) ball. A Jury
trial was demanded and the trial set for
January 7. She declares she will teat th9
ordinance prohibiting such meetings.
PERSISTS IN PKHACHTITO.
ON SAN JOSB STREETS
possession of whisky. S.he drinks the
fiery liquid with the satisfaction of a con
firmed toper. Mrs. Freeman states that
Irene one day drank a quart of the liquid
and showed no ill effects from it.
Mrs. Freeman saw that It was her duty
to have the child properly cared for, and
yesterday she brought her to the office
of the society. She stated the case to
Secretary White and Officer McMurray.
and used as they are to cases of deprav
ity they were greatly shocked. The child
bore out all the good colored woman said
of her. She shocked her questioners with.
a string of vile epithets. She said she
liked to "moke a pipe" and was able to
describe her sensations. :
The child is a degenerate, and her con
dition is due to the heanlessnesa of her
parents. They had forsaken the little
one and left her in surroundings unfit
even for a mature .person. 'While living
with the Jackson woman the child im
bibed all the corruption that only associa
tion with dissipated people could bring
about.
Mrs. Freeman waa loth to part with her
charge. She brought Irene to the Humane
Society's office for the purpose of leaving
her in care of the officers. After taking
an affectionate adieu of the baby she de
parted. Five minutes later she returned
and with tears in her eyes asked Secre
tary White whether ehe could take the
little one home with her. Permission waa
granted and the "mammy" departed In a
happy mood. She notified the officers,
however, that when they found a home
for Irene they could call for the child.
' Secretary white, and Officer McMurray
have set about investigating the sad case.
Arrests will probably follow, and tjie per
sons guilty of teaching tha child to use
drugs and whisky will b© severely pun
ished. ¦-?¦*;
VALLEJO. Jan.' 2.— Mrs. 4 Elizabeth
Jenkins, wife of Griffith Jenkins of this
city, died yesterday morning. The body
was taken to San Francisco and the Inter
ment will be made In Holy Cross Ceme
tery. '-¦¦ ¦-;-,-•-¦¦•¦-.-¦ :¦:..'.. ;
Mrs.' Elizabeth Jenkins.
Captain Edward 4 Hoppey.
WESTCHESTER. Pa., Jan. 2.— Captain
Edward Hoppey, U. 8: A., retired, died of
apoplexy last night He was one of the
officers detailed to guard the penitentiary
when Mrs. Surratt and the other conspi
rators were hanged for plotting the assaa-
Blnation of ; President Lincoln. He was
also one of the officers detailed to guard
the funeral, carriage that bore the body
of Abraham Lincoln from Washington to
Springfield. - ¦
NORRI8TOWN, Pa., Jan. 2.— Mm. Anna
Morris Holsteln, widow of Major William
Hayman Holsteln and a famous army
nurse-, is dead at her hom« In Red Hill,
near here-. She was 76 .years old. From
1862 until th« close of the war Mrs. Hol
steln was engaged In the hospital service.
It was mainly through her Influence that
Washington's headquarters at Valley
Forge were purchased, restored and mad©
accessible- to the people Bhe was regent
of the Valley Forge Centennial and Me
morial Association. -
Mrs. Anna M- Holsteln.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 2.— Tha big electric
tower, which has been the only light to
guide the belated citizen home after 12
o'clock at night, will not be lighted any
longer. Judge Hyland to-day declared
the contract between the Council and tho
Light and Power Company for lighting
it after midnight Illegal and Issued an in
junction, which ties up the lighting bills
of that company for the months of. Au
gust and September. '
This was done in a suit brought by H.
J. Edwards, manager of the Electric Im
provement Company. Edwards company
had the lowest bid. but the Council kave
the contract to the Light and Power Com
pany. The decision paves the way for a
suit to compel the Light and Power Com
pany to pay back into the treasury
moneys previously collected for the tower
light. fc"-v..v.. :^
LATE PEDESTRIANS LOSE C-j
TH m »¦ BEACON LIGHT
Irene is a colored child. She Is tho
daughter of. a woman who is known as
Stella Brown, a familiar Barbary Coast
character. A colored banjo player, who
made a bid for fame as author of a popu
lar "coon" song, is said to be the father
of the child.
It ia believed that Irene became addict
ed to the use\ of drugs while living with
a' woman named Jackson, who was a user
of the drug. The child was taken away
from this woman by the society at the
earnest request of neighbors and a home
waa found for her with Mrs. Eva Free
man of 610 Post street.
Mrs. Freeman is an Ideal "mammy,
and she cared for the child as if it were
her own. She noticed that Irene would
at times become irritable and go hunting
around the S^use for something. One day
the child picked up a box containing
"rough on rats" and was about to swal
low the poison when it was taken from
her. At other times she has slyly gained
ONE of the "saddest cases of de
pravity ever brought to the at
tention of Secretary M. J. "White
of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children is that of
four-year-old Irene Vincent. The tot is
addicted to the use of morphine and other
drugs and whisky, and she craves for
narcotics. The little one's sufferings at
times seems terrible. She moans for
something to soothe her shattered ner
vous system, but what that something i3
she is unable to name. Sh^ is probably
the youngest victim to morphine in the
world, but It is believed that with proper
nourishment and . surroundings her ab
normal cravings may be cured.
VANCOUVER, Jan. 2.— The powder
magazine at Whitewater, in East Koote
nay district, exploded; early this morning,
Ale'xander Morrison,: an old man; who was
thawing dynamite at the time, was killed.
Morrison was an employe of the Sunset
mine, the largest property in the immedi
ate district, and was engaged In taking
the frost- out of the dynamite; when, the
explosion occurred. Three other men had
been working up to a few. minutes previ
ously near the thawing apparatus, but
they had got safely out of . the > way to-~
ward' the • mine -¦ when" the \ explosion¥oc
curred. 5 - -'''# "¦¦"
Thaws Out Dynamite.
VALLKJO. Jan. 2.— The wedding: of
Charles .N. Hatch to Miss Irma A. Ke4
lar was celebrated on New Tear's day.
The bride ia a daughter of Dr. M. J3. Cel
lar of Vallejo. Mr. Hatch i,« a member
of the firm of Hatch Bros., owners of the
steamer MonticcJlo.
Hatch-Kellar Nuptials/
RIVERSIDE, Jan. 2.— Last night waa
the coldest of the season here. The mer
cury went down as low as 22 In some of
the lower tracts In the valley In the early
morning. It rangred from this to 28 de
grees, according to location. That some
damage was done to fruit ia not ques
tioned, but the damage will be confined
to orchards on low ground. Many or
chardlsts -were prepared for the cold enap
by having their orchards well soaked with
water, and where this was done there
will be no damage. Others made use of
smudfres. and the fires helped to modify
the cold wave. The weather has changed
and it is warmer to-night.
Cold Wave Does Damage.
OAKLAND. Jan. 2.— The following mar
riage licenses were issued in the County
Clerk's office to-day: Jonas Benjamin of
Oakland, aged 39, to marry Clara Benja
min of Oakland, aged 30; w. J. Donahy of
Berkeley, aged 25. to marry Hannah Tatje
of Berkeley, aged 21; William. J. Shlman
of San Lorenzo, aged 23, to marry Mabel
C. Hopps of Alameda, aged 23; Frank
Robertson of Oakland, aged 39, to marry
Annie S.' Swan son of Oakland, aeed* 2j;
Norman Ellsworth of Ran FVanclsco, age 1
36, to marry Marvel E. . Somer of • San
Francisco, aged 27; Toney -Huret of Oak
land, aged 56, "to marry Mary Rouk of
Oakland, aeed 69. •
Oakland Marriage Licences.
RTTSSXAN VESSELS
EBPORTED 'ASHORE
MOBILE, Ala., Jan. - 2.— It is reported
from Pensacola that ' the ¦ Russian ' ship
Yakaland,' bound for • Mobile, Is ashore
thirty miles westof Pensacola Bar. She
is in about, five feet of water and will: be
a total wreck.
' The ' Russian bark lichee. Captain
Sjores, is reported on shore eighteen
miles east " of . i Mobile Bar ¦ and full :. of
water. She may have to be abandoned.
Both vessels went ashore In a fog. '
OUBTAIN IS BTTUGr DOWN
ON , NED FOSTER'S LEPB
Remaiift of the Dead Showman Are
Cremated at Odd Fellows'..
. Cemetery.
Funeral cervices' ovr' the remains of
Edgar M., better known as "Ned," Foster,
showman and a noted ' character of this
city and the Pacific. Coasi:, were- held yes
terday afternoon' at the undertaking par
lors of Porter & -White, on Eddy street..
The rooms were crowded with friends who
had known Foster in life, and who had
come to pay the last sad tributes to his
""in" 1 a casket heavily but plainly drapeid
In black 1 ay all that was mortal of one
who had had m6re than his share of ad
ventures on this earth, and whose numer
ous small deeds of charity had made him
many friends. The services •¦ were con
ducted by Rev. H. H. Bell of the United
Presbyterian Church.
. After friends and relatives had taken
their last look the casket was closed and
the remains were borne to Odd Fellows"
Cemetery where they were cremated. .
Investigating a Baden Death.
* REDWOOD CITY. Jan. 2.— Coroner
Crow© has at tha Morgue k the body ' of. a,
man ; named William ; Dless, who : died ¦ at
Baden on. .Monday, under suspicious cir
cumstances/- The body Is that of an ap
parently healthy, vigorous man.- He was
employed. : at ,the J •Tanforan : race . track,
where he was taken suddenly 111 on Mon
day., .-I He Iwas removed to Baden and died
there ; the same day. ; v.Who the man • is no
one ; seems ; to know," as - no one has as yet
appeared to claim the body. The Coroner's
Jury at Baden desired a chemical analysis
of ' the man's ' stomach and , an autopsy.
Last; night Drs.; Ross ! and J Vallain = per
formed !the autopsy..* and , removed ;th«
stomach, t which •: was ¦ sent to • Ban FVan-
Cisco for analysis.
Reception.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.— The Tale Glee and
Banjo dubs arrived this morning, forty
two members in their private cars. They
went to Berkeley thl3 afternoon,, where
they were tendered a reception by Mr.
and Mrs. E. E. Goodrich at their home,
2749-Dwlght way, Berkeley, from 4 until
6 o'clock. A large number of university
people were present. To-night the clubs
made their first appearance in the State
at the Maedonough Theater. They were
greeted by a large audience, principally
of University people. To-morrow evening
the clubs will be entertained at dinner by
the University Club in San Francisco. In
the evening they will appear at .the Ma
eonic Temple and afterward attend a ball
given in their honor, at the Palace Hotel.
Friday afternoon a matinee will be given
at the Grand Opera-house.
The young men are at present staying:
in their private cars, but they will go
to. the Palace to-morrow to live until
their departure for Los Angeles, Friday
evening. The following named constitute
the- clubfl' . officers * and members: R. H.
Schneeloch, president of glee club; D. S.
Blossom,.- president -of ban.io club; J. A.
Keppelman, manager; C. I). Barnes, as
sistant manager; glee club— J. M. Carlisle,
F. W. Jackson, F. W. Moore, F. M. C.
Robertson, H. H. Read, J. W. Reynolds.
G. V.- Reynolds, G.A. Dewey. E. H. Wlj?-
Rln, R. H. Schneeloch. H. E. Smith. F. W.
fiheehan, G. A. Welch, F. B. Eisman,
T. L. Mitchell, B. P. 1 Twltchell, C. W.
Smith. M. K. Parker. R. B. Hlxon, K.
Spaldlngr. "W. W. Herrtck. "W. B. Weston,
Ia. S. Tyler: banjo club— L.K. Butler, G.
B. Kip, L. Menierre, E. H. Toothe, L..E.
Fulton, D. 8. Blossom, C. O. Day. D. I.
Whitlesey, B. G. Yun*. K. Van Wycklen
Jr.. F. L. Belln. H. S. Curtis. A. t>. Al
len. H. Chappell, G. E>. Outhrle, A. J.
Bruff, It.' M. Levering; mandolin club— F.
Van Wycklen, L. Manlerre, F. L. Belin,
A. J. Bruff, D. S.-BlossonvL. K. Butler,
E. H.- Toothe, B. G. Yung, W. B. Weston,
IT. 8. Curtlss, H. Channel, ' A. D. Allen,
R.C. Levering, G. B. Kip, L. B. Fulton,
C. O. Day Jr., G. D. Guthrle, D..-C. Whit
lesey. : •.: ¦"
Forty-two of Them Reach Oakland in
Private Car and Are Tendered
YAIiE'S VOCALISTS AND
BANJO PLAYEBS ABRIVE
BDTTER MAKERS
NOW ORGANIZED
Own Wares.
They Are Arranging to Hold
Exhibition of Their
California has now aCream«ry Opera
tors' Association. Organization was ef
fected yesterday at a meeting of delegates
in the State Dairy Bureau on California
street. Henry F. Lyon of Alameda is the
first president; W. H. Saylor. secretary;
George B. Peoples and W. R. Glass of
San Francisco, L. J. Siplo of Manchester.
M. P. Hansen of Humboldt County and
J. A. Howie of Compton, vice presidents;
Henry F. Lyon, W. R. Saylor. J. H. Sev
erin of Modesto. E. H. Zimmerman of
Watsonville, and.W. H. Roussell of San
FrRnclsco executive committee. When
the delegates arrived yesterday they were
escorted to the San Francisco Dairy Ex
change, and attended a session of that
body. In the afternoon they were called
to order in the State Dairy Bureau by W.
H. Roussell and proceeded to tho work
of organization.
A constitution was adopted, which set
out the purposes of the association to be
the elevation of the business, tho develop
ment of the dairy resources of the State,
to secure proper remuneration for cream
ery operators, to hold conventions to dis
cuss subjects relative to the art of butter
making- and creamery management, to act
in unison in matters affecting the welfare
of creamery operators, to conduct com
petitive exhibitions of butter, to conduct
an employment bureau for tho purpose of
securing employment for creamery opera
tors and butter makers. The membership
fee was fixed at $5 and the membership
dues at Jl per annum.
Resolutions were adopted authorizing
the executive committee to ajrrange for a
convention and butter exhibition; favoring
the establishment of a dairy school In con
nection with the University of California
and endorsing the Grout oleomargarine
bill, which Is before Congress. The fol
lowing-named creamery- operators and
butter makers sent notice that they would
become charter membeis: ,_•;>
C. H. Relnoehl. Valley Ford: C F. Riddle,
Smith River, Del Norte County; Jules Jorgens,
Ean Francisco; George E» Groft, San Jose; J.
A. Pllander, King City; William T> Mitchell,
Adln; O. E. Jones, St. Helena; Joseph N.
Klser, Hollister: M. B. Tllden. Pylema, Kern
County; Byron E. Frank, San Jose; H. F. Lyon.
Alameda; W. H. Turner, Slerraville; "Wajrren
Myers, "Woodland ; George E. Peoples, San Fran
cUco; W.*G. Balls, Wheatland: Sidney 8. Hol
man. Ban Geronlmo; Arthur Schlunegg^r, Peta
luma; D. Brough. Newman; L. J. Slple. Man
chester ; W. H. Nichols. Cburtland; Georsre G.
Knox, Gr»fton; Frank L«. Stevens, Belota: E.
N. -.Bell, Petaluma; \V. R. Glass, Ban Fran
cisco; W. 3. Allen, Lochford; Charles Fisher.
CaBtrovllle; L. Mason. Dlxon; & N. Nash.
Oakdale; N£ls Erlksen, Point Arena; F. C.
Butler, Novato: Georgre E. Newman. Lompoc;
Allen Qualn. Stockton; . James II. Murphy.
Newman; E. H. Zimmerman. "Watsonvllle; J.
R. Murphy, Fresno; August Surtman, San
Gre&orlo; W. W. Futrell, #Hanford: C. C.
nidgeway, Hynes; A. J. Vine, I>moore; P. I.
nilm, Petaluma: J. H. Koussell. San Fran-
Cisco; Leroy Anderson, Berkeley: J. 'A. Howe,
Compton; W. A. Mlsenhlmer, Hanford; J. H.
Severln, Modesto; E. B. Wllley, San Fran
cisco: S. A. Ward, Ferndale; W. H. Saylor.
San Francisco; M. P. Hansen. Humboldt, and
J. P. Pearson. Gait. ... . .
Revocation of His
LEGAL FIGHT FOR
PROPERTY LEFT BY
DON LUIS ARGUELLO
Children of the Old Spaniard will
Press Their Suit to Obtain a
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 2.— There will be a fight
over the estate left by Don Luis Antonio
Arguello, a prominent figure in the early
history of the State, who died at Santa
Clara several years ago. After he had
raised a large family of children the old
don took unto himself a second wife, one
much younger than himself. He evident
ly expected his children to mako trouble,
for before his death he gave away most
of his property, which was valued at sev
eral hundred thousand dollars. The
widow, Edelfrlda C. de Arguello, was
given a goodly share and all of his chil
dren were remembered except Carlos,, a
son. Carlos Arguello sued hla brother,
James, for a division of a valuable busi
ness block in this city, alleging that
James Arguello had been given the prop
erty only in trust to be divided betwen the
two at the father's death. Three different
suits were tiled by Carlos* but not prose
cuted, and James was finally given judg
ment.
About a year ago suit was commenced
by Albert R. Arguello, Mrs. Rita A.
Barron a/id Mamie Kinney, children of
Don Luis Argueljo. for the revocation
of the will of their father, which was ad
mitted to probate on December 30, 1S9S.
Since that time nothing has been done and
it was supposed that the suit might be
dropped. Now the contestants have ob
tained an order directed to the respond
ents to show cause on January 11 why the
probate of the will should not be re
voked. The citation was directed to
Edelfrida C. de Arguello, Clara Parks,
James S. Arguello, Carlos Arguello, Mar
garet Fischer and Louisa George.
An attempt will be made to prove that
undue Influence was exercised over Don
Luis Arguello and It Is said the deeds to
the widow and children may be attacked.
i*yp=a HROUGH the efforts of Detective
9 Hammill Annie Stone, an un-
I vsually bold thief. Leon Henry.
JJL her lover, and a middle-aped man
who cave his name as Bdward
£n:ith. are locked up ir^the tanks at the
-City Prison. Smith and the woman wera
errested yesterday on Polk street wh'ie
looking for a prospective victim. Smith
attempted to defy the detective but was
eubdued after 'a short struggle. Henry
¦was. caught -shortly after.
i The woman, who is only 22 years' of age
s.r.d prepossessing in appearance. Is re
garded as : one of the cleverest female
crooks that has operated in thi9 city for
ecme time. The two have been working
together. According to the police. The
Truman would r answer an advertisement
for a peTvant and after securing the place
send Cor Henry and Smith and admit them
to the house of her employer while the
¦f-est of tho household were asleep. The
¦jwo men. with her assistance, would then
raf.sax-k the place, taking everything of
valne.
the afternoon of September 9 the
•uromaa rad.Bivw employment In the
family of Mrs. Schwartz at 312 Hyde
street. The following day during the tem
porary "absence of the family she sent for
her male confederates and admitted them
Through the r^'ar door. They secured con
siderable Jewelry,' money and a miscellan
f^'19 assortment of women's wearing ap
parel.
When Mrs. Pehwartx returned to her
ri"me a Fhort time afterward Fhe missed
the servant, who had tttken, her departure,
lenring a note saying that she was about
PROSPECT BRIGHT
FOR NEW SCHOOL
Ar« Valid.
Directors Will Replace Su
tro School If Bonds
The first echool bulldlnr to be built
i:rder the bond issue, should It be de
clared valid by. the Supreme Court, will
be one to replace, the feutro School in th«
Richmond District. This fact was elicited
et the -meeting of the Board of Educa
tion yesterday when . a resolution
came up authorizing the payment
of the rent' ' amounting to $12 5)
for an outside- room attached to
the STJtro School. Denman voted against
the resolution and expressed himself In
favor of constructing a building to cost
$V}.oXi «lb soon aa the funds are available.
. end h this he will b« supported by his
three- coHeaisrues.
< The board ordered the transfer of Miss
"S. T. Foley from the Bernalto the Jack
son School; Mrs. M. A. Ho^an from. the
Jackson to the Moulder: Miss B. Dwar
vazelc fmm the Reddine .to the Clement
duricg the abse.nce of Miss M. E» Calla
phan: Miss Minnie Stebbins from the
Model Training; School to the Mission
Grammar.
Leave of absence was granted to Miss
6. B. Keller .of the Mission Grammar
¦ School on condition that she waive her
¦right to return to the nchool named. Leave
of absence was also gTanted to Miss
Susan E. Hough for thre« months. Miss
Emma F. L/sbold reported for duty on
the expiration of her leave.
A resolution was adopted providing that
mill teacher* who were absent from the
. Teachers' . IneUtut* be- ex-cusod without
3os» of eaJary.
The -application of F. B. White, prfnei
' ra3 of the Washington School, for a leave
cf absence for six months was taken
•uriiVr advisement.
Other complaints were also received
concerning the bold operations' of the
woman. Captain Seymour ordered De
tective Hammill to arrest her and her
companions at all hazards. Yesterday
Hammill caused an advertisement to be
published in a morning newspaper calling
for a young woman to do light housework
for a small family on Polk street, near
Bus=h.
The Stone woman lost no time fn going
to the house and as she started to enter
Hammill placed her under arrest. Hiding
in a doorway a short distance away was
Smith. He was also taken into custody,
but not until he made a desperate effort
to escape from the officer. Shortly after
they were locked up in the City Prison
Hammill found Hpnry seated on a hnck
on Eddy street and he was also taken Into
custody.
Henry and the woman are well known
to the police. He was arrested some time
ajro on a charge of burglary, but was di.=
rharged for lack of evidence. Nothing ia
known of Smith.
While the woman calls herself Annie
Stone, she is also variously known as
I>ella Sh^aly. Sadie Oilleran, Sadie Gill
more and Sadie White. To-day the trio
will be booked on several charges of
felony.
COOLIES' AGENTS
MUST STAY OUT
to leave the xcity and advising Mrs.
Schwartz not to notify the police.
Several weeks later Miss Stone was
Riven employment as a servant In the
family of Mrs. St. Clalr at 1937 Webster
street. Awaiting an opportunity when
the family was absent, the woman and
her two male companions ransacked the
house, stealing valuable Jewelry and
clothing. Subsequently she robbed Mrs.
IJuzzello of 416 Golden Gate avenue in the
same manner.
Shortly after Customs Collector Strat
ton assumed the duties of his office he
received an order from the Commissioner
of Immigration to exclude attorneys from
the Chinese Bureau during the hearings
of applications for the admission of Chi
nese to this country- Mr. Stratton's pre
decessor had allowed attorneys this privi
lege, and consequently the attorneys loud
ly protested against the recent order. At
their request Collector Stratum forwarded
to Washington a letter in which were
embodied the reasons advanced by the
lawyers, why they should not be excluded
from the examinations.
A reply to the letter was received yes
terday from Commissioner Powderly, in
which reply the Commissioner says:
"The right of an attorney to appear In
behalf of his client before any court in
order to protect said cllfint's right to
property or to liberty Is undeniable. It
does not appear to the bureau, however,
that the examination of an alien China
man who Pf-eks admission to this coun
try Is. In any sense, a trial, and for that
reason it does not appear necessary for
the defense of his right that counsel
should be admitted, who would undoubt
edly resort to all the obstructive meas
ures known to the profession in order to
secure for such client admission to this
country, whether the latter were entitled
to it or not.
"It seems to the bureau that the condi
tions under which 6uch examinations are
made do not admit of the presence and
interference of attorneys. There is al
ways the recourse of an appfeal by t'he
rejected Chinaman to the department in
this matter, and it would seem that the
intervention of counsel learned in the law
might be construed as essential to the
protection of the rights of such excluded
Chinese. Any irregularity or disregard of
the evidence adduced in favor of the Chi
nese applicant for admission whose ap
plication has been rejected by the Col
lector can by counsel be transmitted to
the department with such comments
thereon as he may »ee fit to make or such
arguments either as regards the evidence
or the law upon which tne Collector's de
cision was based as he may wish to pre
sent. • • •
"You are directed to exclude attorneys
from, the hearings of the Chinese Bureau."
sioner Powderly.
The Bureau Shall Exclude
Lawyers, Says Commis-
TWO MKX >\T) A YOUNG WOMAN ARRESTED YESTERDAY. WHOM
THE POLICE CHARGE WITH ROBBING SEVERAL PRIVATE RESI
DENCES IN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
inals of San Francisco were handled?
They would like to so much, but they
could not think of It, as their French
Consul had not suggested it. They had a
parry to every question and were very
non-committal.
The men stated that a gendarme was
selected for the position from the French
army, and that besides having had to
serve several years previous as a soldier
they had to make a good military record.
A good gendarme made in. Paris $18 a
month and was furnished with a room.
The men will leave on the Australia
Sunday. Meanwhile they are attracting
. much . attention.
French capital. Three are bachelors. Th«
other two are accompanied by their wives.
The party is composed of M. Gamier, M.
Betllle. M. Savarin, M. Baudouln and M,
Baudin.
When interviewed the men were most
diplomatic. They stood at attention and
gravely saluted when spoken to by an
interpreter.
Yes, they liked San Francisco because
there were so many Frenchmen in the
town. What did they think of the San
Francisco police? They must be pardoned
for not expressing an opinion: they had
eeen so few of them. Would they like to
see the City Prison and see how the crim-
FIVE stalwart gendarmes direct
from Paris have arrived in this
city. They are on their way to
Tahiti, where they are detailed
for police work. Tho men pre
sent ft picturesque appearance in their
regulation blue uniform trimmed with
silver and their oroct carriage and smart
and precise actions stamp them as men
who have received a thorough military
training. It is a long journey from Paris
to Tahiti, but these men will have com
pleted a much longer journey when they
reach their destination.. They have been
on duty in Madagascar and were ordered
from there to Tahiti by way of the-
STEHDEL MHY
HAVE BEEN SLAIN
Drowning.
Physicians Declare Death
Was Not Due to
OAKLAND. Jan. 2.-There was a mur
der committpri off Point Richmond when
Captain A, Stendel of the sloop Lulu lost
hie life.
This was proved this evening at
Berkeley when an autopsy was held upon
the body that was found at Bath Beach
after Mrs. Stendel bad identified it aa the
body of her husband..
The autopsy physicians will not say as
to the form of death, but they do say that
he met his death before the body come
Into the water, and that drowning was
not the cause.
So the theory of Sheriff Veal© of Contra
Costa County that there had been a mur
der committed that dark night off Point
Ricnmond when tho cries for help were
heard by the watchman on the Point
Richmond wharf has been proved correct
by the doctors who used their science and
their skill upon the body that floated
ashore at Berkeley. The nnal and com
plete report of the autopsy physicians will
be given to the Coroner's jury, which will
Friday night hold an inquest and fix the
blamo for the death.
This conclusion reached by the physi
cians to-nleht only intensifies the mys
tery that surrounds the case, for in the
pockets of the corpse $s5 10 was found,
thus doing away witli the theory of mur
der for the sake of robbery.
Was it a quarrel, and if bo, with whom
and over what difference? This 1b the
question that faces the officers of Contra
(Joeta and Alameda counties now. and
they have but little to work upon in or
der to solve the mystery.
Mra. Stendel came to Berkeley this
morning with her brother and posltively
identined the body. She viewed the wave
bettered remains of her husband, and al
though the face was disfigured beyond
recognition she declared the general fea
tures to be those of Stendel. She gave a
minute description of the purse found on
thG man, a black leather affair, with
Email outside pockets, which she says sha
pave to her husband a few weeks ago.
The clothes he wore were Identified: but
the strongest proof that the body found
was that of the missing Stendel was the
plate of false teeth which he wore and
which his wife described minutely and
Identified completely.
The autopsy was performed by Dr. J. S.
Eastman, assisted by Dr. Thomas Mc-
Cleave, both of Berkeley, and Dr. John
Morrison of Martinez. The lungs showed
no trace of water, this fact eliminating?
all possibility of drowning.
"Stendel had ceased to breathe before
his body reached the water," said . Dr.
Eastman. "He was not drowned. We
feel that the case must be investigated
more thoroughly before we can give out
the exact cause of death. It presents
some points which need careful considera
tion." .
As soon as the result of the autopsy
physicians was given to the Coroner he
notified Sheriff Veale of Contra Costa
County, in whose jurisdiction the murder
occurred. Sheriff Veale announced that
he would come down early to-morrow and
would confer with the authorities of this
county as to the search for the murderer.
An effort will be made to trace Stendel
from the time he left San Francisco and
find out who he was with. Sheriff Veal©
Is still of the opinion that the man In the
green boat knows all about the crime. -
Coroner Mehrmann has set the inquest
for Friday night at Berkeley. Thi3 late
date is necessary because it will take
some time to gather the '-witnesses
from Point Richmond and. brinp them to
Berkeley, where the Inquest will be held.
Stendel s body will be burled in Moun
tain View Cemetery to-morrow. The
funeral services will be held at 2 o'clock
from the undertaking parlors of Brown &
Strelghtif in Berkeley..
THREE OF THE GENDARMES WHO ARRIVED IN THIS CITY DIRECT FROM PARIS. THEY WEAR THE REG
ULAR FRENCH POLICE UNIFORM OF BLUE CLOTH TRIMMED WITH SILVER LACE. THEY ARE BOUND
FOR THE ISI>AND OF TAHITI.
We now stand at the threshold of the twen
tieth century, and the nineteenth Is a thing of
tbe Dast. It will, however, be known as the
¦ • of ¦ Invention > and •- discovery, - and
nrnonp some .of the greatest of . these , we can
truthfully,. mention Hostetter's Stomach Bit
ten, : the celebrated remedy for all ailments
arising " from a weak ¦ or - disordered stomach,
such aa dyspepsia. Indigestion, flatulency, con-
Etlcatlon and biliousness.
The Twentieth Century.
THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 3; 1901.
IRENE VINCENT IS ONLY FOUR
YEARS OF AGE BIT IS ADDICTED
TO USE OF DRUGS AND WHISKY
Case of Little Colored Girl Who Though Al- "
most a Baby Has Been Taught Terrible.-
Viees Is Reported to the Humane Society.'
Eighteen Dollars a Month and Room Is Their
Remuneration— Two Are Married and Main
tain Families— They "All Leave on. Sunday
FIVE BRAVE GENDARMES FROM PARIS
ARRIVE IN THIS CITY ON THEIR WAY
TO TAHITI TO UPHOLD FRENCH LAW
FEMALE CROOK AND HER TWO MALE
ACCOMPLICES ARE ARRESTED AND
LOCKED UP IN THE CITY PRISON
Will.
9
THE DAY'S DEAD.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures Blood Poison
A Tf ial Treatment Sent Free to All [
Who Suffer From Any Stiffa
oftneDlseasa.
___ -
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and -
AH Other Treatments Failad ; -.
to Even Help.
Thers h*a been discovered fcr the Sta.t«
Medical Institute. S03 . Elektron tulldlnt. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. the moat remarkable Blood Poison ••
cuts ever heard of. It has cured all such In-
dications as mucous patches In the mouth. '„
sor» throat, copper colored spots, chancrea,
u'.ceratlor.s of the body, and In hundreds of
cases where tha hair and eyebrows had fallen .
out i?d the whol* skin waa a mass of bolts.
pimpX-a and ulcers this wonderful speelSo has ;
completely changed the whole body Into a .
clean, perfect condttlon of physical health.
Every railroad running Into Fort Wayne brings
scores of sufferers seeking this new and raarrai. *
ous cure, and to enable those who cannot travel •
to realize what a truly marvelous work the In-
stitute Is accomplishing they will send free to .
every sufferer a free trial treatment, so that
•very one can cure themselves In the privacy
of their own home. This is the only known
cure for Blood Poison. Do not hesltata to
write at once and the free trial win bo seat
ataled In plain pacfeaga. : •__
D8. HALL'S REIN Y1G ORATOR ?WTOa -
Five hundred reward for any fefeKr^TKBi
case we cannot cur». This secret Bus! Bk]
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, j % .
cures Emissions. Impot^ncy, Vari- BBS KEtl
cocel*. Gonorrhoea, . Gleet. Fits, fTTfl Sti!
Strictures. I^ost Jlanhowl ami all khvi viill
wasting effects d eelf-abuae or me)3 J j <j
excesses. Sent cealed. $2 bottle; ,2 KBUBsMM
bottles. S3; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad« *
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. Mi
Broadway. Oakland. Ca). Also for sale at 1073-.
Market st.. S. V. All private diseases qulcJtly
cured. Send for free book.
Pears'
It- is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm I It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
•-Hi in it, nothing but
soajx The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none. .
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made ; tne fat
and alkali not well bal-
anced, or not combined.
What is good soap ?
Pears'.
AH »ort« «f stores sell U, MpecUIljrdrngffists;
A great two-jstep by Eduard
Strauss, the -waltz ; king, will
be Uriven f ree .with next Sun-
dayfs .Call. This is a gem-f-do
not fail to get it.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 3, 1901.
10
SAJT FRANCISCO CALL.
. BUfcusi—SS . OKF1CE of The Ban' Francisco
.Call, corner of- Market 'end Third streets; open
uatll 12 o'clock every eight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street.
com er -Clay; open until »:30 p. ra.
ICO Hayes etreet; open uatll 9:30 p. m.
CIS McAllister etreet: open until 8:39 p. in.
•¦«5 Larkin Etreet; open until J:30 p. m.
. IS4I Miesioa etreet; open until 10 p. m.
tSCl Market etreet, corner Sixteenth: open
cntll J p. rn.
KG- Eleventh street; open until % p. m.
• -JCS6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. cv.
Northwest' corner" Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky 'ttreets; open until 8 p. m.
MCBCTSG XOTICKS.
A'RE.GULAR meeting of Yerba Buena <^ m
. Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. and A., jr
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be A
hr-ld In Commanderv Hall. Masonic JK\
T.err.ple, on 'THURSDAY EVENING. «£&»
•January 2, 2»ni. at 8 o'clock. Degrve 4.
- •. HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M.— • n
Stated meeting! THIS (THURSDAY) _JV_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Business. Tlyv
Mark Master degree. By order of / '
the H. P. .. ¦ JNO. R. HILLMAN. Sec
¦CALIFORNIA. Lodge No. 3, F. and A. •
M... will meet • THIS (THURSDAY) m^^ m
; EVENING. Japuary ", at 7:50 o'clock. TT3f
JHatcd meeting. • By order of the Mas- / A
ter.. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. ¦>
M.— Stated- meeting THIS (THURS- _^V_
DAY) EVENING, at 7:20 o'clock, /tjf
Third degree. Master Masons cordial- f^r '
ly invited. . By order of the W. M.
• - FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH. Ean Francisco Lodge No. 212, a
K. and A. M.— Stated meeting THIS _#A_
(THURSDAY) EVENING. at ~W]tiLj\
o'clock. . . E- C. HARE. Sec. / tT >
DORIC Lodge No. St F. and A. M — •
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _#V_
KVENING, at 7:20 o'clock. By order lCjf
'cf Ihe Master. • / »
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
YEHBA BUENA Lodge No.. 15. oStfS£~>
I. O. O. F.— All P. G.s anl mem-^^l^
bers are rf-Qur-sted to be present
THIS .(THURSDAY) EVENING, -~///aC\
January 3. J3t>l, Installation.
JOH.N' A. OHLSON, N. G.
T. C. MARTIN". Secretary.
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lojfee No. Zv^^~
- '. I. O. O. F.— Installation of •^•ytrSKS
oTficers THURSDAY EVENING.
January 3. 1S01. at !> o'clock. Past *>" 5 ,^
tt- :;.:.¦!> requested to be preSenK,
T. COURSINOUX. N. G.
A. LEON AURA1MU. Secretary.
CALIFORXiiTodge So. 1, I.. O. O.
F.— Member* will ' meet in \rz\l 2>>/G~*S&L
FRIDAY. January 4. at 1:30 v- :^§3*3s^
rn., to attend Ihe funeral of our "^//Bvv-
late brother, HE.VnV HART.
, J. It. HANSEN. N. G.
P.IGGERP' and Stevedores' Union Association—
A Epecial nveting for the election of offi-
cers for the ensuinj? term will be held THIS
• THURSDAY) EVENING, January 3. 1901. at
7:39 o'clock sharp. A full attendance is re-
quested. A. CAMPBELL. President
F. E. DURHAM. Recording Secretary.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM AXD GOLDEN
RULE BAZAAR— To the Stockholders of Tiie
' Emporium' and Golden Rule Bazaar, a Cor-
poration: Please take notice that the annual
nvfting of the stockholders of The Empo-
rium and Golden Rale Bazaar, a. corporation.
Will be ¦ held, at . the principal office or the
. company,' 13* the Parrott building, located on
"Market st. between Fourth and Fifth, in the
city and county of Pan Francisco. State of
California, on THURSDAY, the 17th day of
January. .•901-. at 2 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing directors aad for the
.transaction of such other business as mey
_prcr,->cr!y come before the meeting. By order
"of the Boardf of Directors.
' ANDREW M. DAVIS. Secretary.
• Dated January 3, 1T01.
ANNUAL MEETING— Ihe annual meeting of
the San Francisco Ladies." Protection and
Relief Society will l>e held at the "Home."
. on FrankHn si., between Post and Geary, on
-Thursday. January IS, at .'2 o'clock p. m..
for the purpose of electing managers a^d
trustees for the ensuing year and transaction
if *.-.jch ather businese as may properly ccme
before it
, K. F. HUTCHIXSON, Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— Re(ru!ar annual meet-
ing cf the stockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Company will be heM at the office of
Ihe tompany, '337 MurkH st., in the city and
county of San Francisco, on Wednesday, the
ICth day of January, 1901. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
yfar and the Transaction of such other busi-
ness as may com" before the meeting. Trans-
fer books v.111 close on Saturday, January 5,
i301. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
eeiv*-<i applications to mine by the hydraulic
process fr.'m John Costa et al., in the Lady's
. Canon Mine, near Sierra City. Sierra Co., to
<2*jvi*St tailings in worked-out pits: from W. B.
r-udley et al.. in the Dudley Placer Mine,
liear North Columbia, EScra.dk Co.. to deposit
Tailings in a- worked-out "pit; from the Eagle
Gold Mining CO.. in the Relchel Calm, near
Moyrtain Ranch. Calaveras Co.. to deposit
tailinc* in Murray Creek, and from the Em-
ery Gold Mining pnd Water Co.. in the Rose
Hill Mine, near Mountain Ranch. Calaveras
Co., to deposit tailings in Murray Creek, gives
r.ctlce tbat a meeting will be held at room 59.
'Fl'X>d buildine. Pan Francisco, Cal., on Jan-
uary 14. ISO!, at 1:30 p. m.
SPnlXG Valley Water "Works — Annual- Meeting
— The. tr.:. j,-1 meeting of the stockholders of
the Spring Valley Water Wcrks will be held
at the office cf the company; No. 125 Stock-
ton street. Fan Francisco, California, at 12
e'cJcck M.. on WEDNESDAY, the Sth day
of January. 1P01. to e>?ct trustees to serve
. for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of eueh . ctb.er business as may ccme before
the raeetirg. .Fan Francisco. California.
Pr.LHAM \r.. AMES. . Secretary.
THE ennad m«»iftlne of the stockholders of the
Nevada Xa.t-.onal Bar.k of San Fr^aciseo, Cal..
will be held at it* bank'.-g 'louse, 301 Mont-
Fcmcry et.- Ean Francr?co. Cal.. on TUES-
DAY. January ?. 1901. at 3:15 o'clock p. m..
foe th« election of directors to serve for the
ensuing year and the transaction, of tuch
«~ther business as may come before the meet-
:r.g. • GEO. GRANT, Cashier.
San Francisco^ December S. 1500.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; prl-
vare entrance. UXCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
WASTED.
ACTIVE agep.ta wanted to sell an Interesting
booklet entitled "'Mrs. lownscnl's Secret or
. tho MiFsinjr Will"; local history; will prove a
¦mp'.ii Filler; b!g return*. • .J. M. G,, box 3312.
Call office.
SOLICITOUS wanted: men or women; good
salaries irarranted; payable either weekly or
monthly^ enpenses paid. 927 Market, rm. 615.
AGENTS— Do you want EOmetbing more profit-
able and easier to sell than book* or lnsur-
- ance* Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Porrott bldg.
FTNE busriress for Jadies. Call or write £6
Ft. Arms*. Hulfdinp. € rMdy St.. S. F. — v~-
: • ADOPTION.
A GOOD borne erien for kItI or boy baby. Add.
¦ Mr*. I>r. Ftinke. 1416 Kjgftth St.. Alameda.
A*PIIALft:.M ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER.' arphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. -11SG Mission' tel. Folsora 1607.
~~- " ATTonxnvs at law.
H. W. KING, 827 Market St.. 6th floor, room 62i
— Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; £.11 cases: fair fee; ntf advance
charges ;- loans on estates, Tel. Howard 1S37.
J.DV1CE free;. divorce- law a epeclalty; private;
no f«* without sdeces?; collection*; O. W.
HOWE, at»y at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
FRANK W.'f^MITH; mining and probate law a
rpeclaltyv Mills big., r. S. 4th nr.; tel. Red 3C1S,
ADVICE free:. no" charge unless BuccesEful.- W.
•.W- DAVIDSON. J2T Market Et. opp. Mason.
I. EDW. 'JAItRETT.' Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market tie. ; phone Red .£2G2.
L. £. CLATUC. Emrna Epreckels bldg., 927 ilar-
• ket Bt.; consultation free: no fees in'advance.
'BV&VStiSS. CHAXCES.
A— PARTNER, wanted In 'nrEt-clasa butchei
Eh'op:; bargain.. COWING A CO.. 7U Market.
A— CIGAR tftand:' heart city; must Bell. COW-
• ING & .CO..- 719 Market Bt
A-^ROCEKY and bar, with rooms; fine loca-
t'.on A . good gtock. COWING & CO.. 718 Mkt
A — PLUMBING shop: big stock: horse, \vacon
fickness.: COWlNO & CO.. 719 Market st.
5S00 '..¦.....•.......".. SSOO ''. ..$80!
CORNER OROCERY. •/
FULL VALUE IN STOCK.
FINE HORSE AND" WAGON.
Means m. fortune to any. one possessing aver-
, age business ability; no room to doubt; must
fejl; retiring. STEN»EP t G CO.. VJi Market
JIT-jO— RESTPECTABL}^. centeel and very profit-
able bui-^ness: snlt&blu for lady or man ajir
wife. Apply SCHOTTLER & CO., 3 Eddy «t
Jl^)— PARTNER wanted to *end cabh countei
In restaurant; lady preferred. Particulars o:
KCHOTTLER & CO.. 3 Eddy «t.
A— RESTAURANT; daily ealea $»; price *400
rent {22 oQ; fine for man and wife. MARION
CRIFFIN. 7U Market st, by Call building.
nEETAURAJv*T> Income JSO dally; estab. V
•years: long leas*; meals 25 cents. Call or
MARION GRIFFIN. 71S Market; by Call bldg
FINE paying restaurant Cor sale; must cell
account of veriotis sickness; sell at big bar-
- caln. Box -S39. Call. Mira^«ffKiii>Hff*j
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
A— J250— PARTNER wanted In an employment
office; can clear easily J150 per month; only
good, active man need apply. R. G. WILKE,
26\£ Kearny st. '
A— $450— CORNER grocery store, with bar, in
the Mission; 4 large rooms; rent $25; dally re-
ceipts about $15. Call R. Q. WILKE, 2CJ4
Kearny' Bt
A— $275; CORNER saloon !n the Mission; rent
$20; lease; good-paying business. Call It G.
WILKE, 26V4 Kearny st
A— $750; CORNER grocery and bar, with U fur-
nished rooms; rent $40; finest' business corner
in Western Addition; Is doing a splendid
business. Call R. G. WILKE.- 26«fc K*-arny st.
A— J300: RESTAURANT in the Mission, kept by
present owner 8 years, and always cleared
above «125 per month: rent $25; with 8 rooms,
$45. Call R. G. WILKE. ?C% Kearny st
A-S2500; CORNER grocery and bar on Nine-
teenth St., known os one of the best paying
corner groceries in this city: rent $40: stock
will invoice $2000; horse and wagon: only rea-
eop for selling owners to retire. Call R. G.
[' WILKE, 2C>4 Kearny Bt
A— ?750; restaurant with 25 furnished rooms, in
Stockton; rent $25; 2 years' lease; owner to
leave for East: must sell quick; a good-paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny Et.
A-$325; RESTAURANT and~chophouse opp. R.
R. cable house; rent $20; good paying place;
Investigate Boon, as rare chance. Call R. vJ.
WILKE, 26ij Kearny st.
A— $5000; LEADING barroom of this city; es-
tablished many years and doing first-class
paying buainess; place is located near Kearny
and Market sts. ; above $2500 stock on hand;
splendid bargain: owner must leave the* city
at once to attend business north. Call R. ¦ •.
WILKE, 2C'i Kearny st.
A— $1250; CORNER grocery and bar, one block
south of McAllister st.; rent $45: 4>£ yearj"
lease; stock will Invoice the price; a good-
j paying business and established many years.
j Call R. G. WILKE. 2G>i Kearny Bt.
i PARTNER wanted In a large old-established
I profitable business, controlling a good tafe,
| eolid and reliable trade. Owing to retirement
j of former manager owner has decided to sell
: 8n interest to an acceptable party; duties will
| be the keeping of the accounts and assibtlng
generally In the management of the business;
capital required $5000 lo $10,000; full value in
I Fight; books and business open for investiga-
tion. Apply J. W. DONNELLY & CO.. 632
j Market st.
BRANCH bakery; 2 rooms furnished; little
money. DONNELLY, 632 Market Bt. '.
TO o!l companies and promoters— 5000 acres
Kern oil land; $2 50 and upwards: part cash,
part stock. Address box IU?. Call offlce.
JCOO— RESTAURANT \Mlh 4 rooms in a live
part of city; good prices: will clear $150
monthly; must cell: a bonanza for man and
wire. LAXE & CO.. F6o Market st.
j $500— RESTAURANT; fine location; low rent:
I home comforts: sacrificed for other Interests.
\ Inquire of GEO. W. CASWKLL _ CO.. 412-
i 414 Sacramento et.
! A— WANTED— A good tenant for grand cor-
i ccr store and basement v^th fixtures sult-
i able for grocery businessr special induce-
ir.fnts. Apply SPECK & CO.. 667 Market
| $500— PARTNER in well-established cash busl-
i r.ess: 8 to 10 hours' work per day; must be
I steady and reliable; clears $75 to $100 per
! month. Box S4o. Call office.
! '"CAPITALISTS attention".'— An investment of
¦ $12,500 by one or more parties will purchase
i controlling Interest in estab. business that
¦ will pay $:000 per month: this is bonafide; will
j stand investigation. 917 Market, room 615.
• A — NICE saloon: must bo sold; good reason for
i selling. Call 247 Fifth st
j WANTED— A partner; must have $1000; a good
; chance. Call at 532 Kearny. Prof. Seely.
i PARTY would like to invest in business; small
) capital; willing to work. Box 946, Call office.
| OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
j Call office.
i $250 — PARTNER wanted: no experience re-
! quired; trial given. 9 Geary St., room 2L
SALOON for sale. 23 East st
• RHEUMATISM, sprains cured: 1C yrs'. experl-
j ence. R. 475-6 Parrott bldg. ; 10-12 m., 1-3 p. m,
1 15.000 STANDARD oil shares adjacent to the
J Kern River wells must be sold at once:
i chance for a bis advance. LEONARD &
i LEONARD, 205 Montgomery st.
¦¦ MESSRS. A. NEUBOURG & CO. of Shanghai
i deflre to come into touch with capable San
; Francisco' or Eastern manufacturers with a
i view to business In China. Address L. HO-
, SENT HAL. 1»63 Octavia st.
j PARTNER wanted In wholesale frul| and
[ produce business; well established; splendid
j opportunity to right party: capital requtred.
i t.troo to I40CO. Apply P. O. box 231. Sacra-
rrento, Cal.
! A-PLAY THE RACES—
I 20 to 60 per cent profit monthly on our new
cyrtem; call and investigate. N. S. HAND &
j CO.. expert bandicappers, euit 12. 34 Kearny.
i A BARGAIN— $1500; grocery stock down town
i on San Pablo ave., Oakland; stock all new
f and clean: doing a cash business. Address
I or call, 1073 Twelfth St. Oakland.
I TO MILKMEN—
I To let contract for brewery sprouts for one
J year, beginning January 1, 1901. Apply at
j 1225 Howard Et.
| WANTED— A good man with $500 or $1000 cap-
1 ital to buy livery stable in a first-class cuun-
I try town; cheap rent Particulars at 4S
j Eighth Et.
! BUTCHER business In thriving country town;
! estab. over 40 yrs. ; owner wishes to retire;
! property will Invoice price. Box 806. Call.
j FOR SALE— Cheap; restaurant and chop house;
j retiring on account of death; must sell this
week; best location; low rent. Box 811, Call.
I $400 — GRAND .opportunity for lady or gent;-loca-
I tlon perfect: clears, etationerv. notions. Wait-
ing-room, 23d-ave. station. East Oakland.
¦RESTAURANT; bargain; paying buslnebs;
I cheap rent; good location. 369 Hayes et
I ______________________________ — —
taw— HALF Interest In splendid Job printing
¦ office; good trade. 492 McAllister st
$3(t WINS $300 per month at races: references
given; Information Lyons. S21 Market, r. 4.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st '
LODGIXG-HOl'SES FOR SALE.
! A FEW OF H. C. DECKER'S BARGAINS:
j 24 rooms; house clears $150 $2009
1 14 rooms on Mission fit £00
. j 5-room flat on Taylor gt 250
to rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 26<v)
15 rooms on Third st 600
20' rooms on Powell Et 950
4G rooms; fine cornzr; clears $200 3500
24 rooms on Geary st; cleats $150........ 1&00
28 rooms on Kearny st; clears $l'>0 1600
...A I SELL AND EXCHANGE
I. BUSINESS PLACES. CITY AND
, . COUNTRY REAL ESTATE— WHAT HAVE
YOU TO OFFER?..
49 rooms; boardlng-houte $4000
33 rooms on Market et 1400
12 rooms on Post; in payments 850
f 12 roorr»: clears J75 430
! ! &O0 OTHERS— PRICES FROM $100 TO *25.000.
I MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
CALL AND SEE ME—OFFICE OPEN
EVENINGS.
II. C. DECKER. 1020 MARKET ST.: PHONE
I MINT 796.
MONEY loaned on lodging-houses, 1>4 p. c. ;
; ' anything you want in lodging-bouses; s'mpls:
1 6 rooms on Turk st .rent $27.. Price... $300
7 rooms on Larkin st rent $40.. Price... $450
- IP rooms on Taylor st rent $40. .Price... $560
12 rooms on O'Farrell st..rent $50.. Price... $050
; 12 rooms on Mason Rt.. ...rent $35. .Price... $359
1R rooms on O'Farrell stJ.rent $65.. Price... $750
16 rooms on Turk st rent $65. .Price... $&00
;" 16 rooms on Howard St.... rent $25.. Price... $750
t 17 rooms on Taylor st rent $S0.. Price. ..$1475
19 rooms on Taylor st rent $7^.".Price...$1250
1 24 rooms on Leav. st rent $125. .Price.. .$1900
87 rooms on Powellst... .rent $175. .Price.. .$1900
44 rooms on Market Bt... rent $175. .Price. ..$2400
. More money wanted to loan on lodging-
I •' bouses on 1-3 value at 1- per cent up;
gilt-edge security; no expense to lender.
For quick cales list your houses with A. L.
' W1LLEY. 916 Market et.: phone Black £216.
MARION GRIFFIN. 738 Market: by Call bldg.
JO rooms, new fur.; new carpets; furnished 3
" months;, rent $27 50; best residence part.... $1000
r 11 rooms; rent $40; good carpets; good fur.;
•' good location; owner leaving city $550
I 7» rooms: respectable 1 ; clears $180 to $190.. $2600
14 rooms; -rent $o5: good location; can be
• bought cheap enough to be refurnished.
15 rooms; respectable; rent $65; residence.. $1000
24 rooms; good fur; good carpets; best loca-
- tlon; clears $133. per month: extra .....$2000
¦ 40 rooms; «U-irnnt: rent $150; fine $4500
C2 rooms; rent $135; good; pays well. $3000
' CO ROOMS; newly furnished; rent «150 $3000
• ! 27 rooms; money-maker; near Market 1900
I 20 rooms; Van Ness: finely. furn: extra... 9J0
i l.~> rooms; I>eavenworth; rent $57 LO 900
10 room, $450; 10 rooms, quick h'Ai
t 20 rooms; detached: handsome yard, with
drive to barn and leaise $10 month, .leaving
rent only $65 month: clears $100 month: special
J snap. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market tit.
. R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market ~
17 rooms; cheap rent; only .14650
r 21 rooms; rent 569; must sell 1000
f 23 rooms; part cash 700
4C rooms: corner; rent J60 1100
; ICO rooms: men only; see it.. .....1000
•' BOARDING & lodging house; 40 rooms; doing
tine bar trade: chenp; eold on account of siek-
- • nets. PATTERSON. 11 City Hall square.
l LARGEST list' lodglng-houiseK; bargains;
money loaned on furniture.' SCHWEINHARD,
: rma.l-2. S17 Market nt., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
- $1100—60 ROOMS; fine location: well furnished:
all rented; low rent EASILE. 3 Eddy st
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
38 ROOMS; south of Market ..$650
17 rooms; rent $50 V..... SCO
9 rooms 300
17 rooms; on Eddy \. 90 °
See . large list of other bargains at offlce.
EMERY & CO.. 3 Eddy St. .
FOR SALE— Cheap on account of death; a fur-
nished house of 9 rooms; all full. Call or ad-
drpgs S73 Mission st. : no agents. ¦ ¦
FOR sale on account of sickness— A furnished'
house of 16 rooms; low rent; price $650. Ad-
dress 120 Sixth bt ; no agents. .
FOR SALIC— Rooming house, 12 rooms; cheap.
415 Powell st.
I SPIRITUALISM.
MRsTdrT^ARTCHAM. world renowned spirit-
ual medium; advloe in all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated:
mining a specialty; clrs. Sun., Wed.. Fri.'ev's.
come and be convinced. Permanently located
613 Eddy et, bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
JIJ'.B. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night 605 McAllister st ; 10c; come skeptics.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
C. Mayo-Steers, 112H Oak, trance medium;
readings. $1; hours, 1-5 p. m.; tel. Howard 527.
EARLE, 305 Taylor st, corner Ellis— Sittings
• dally; eeance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAll! ter— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings dally; tests to M to-night; 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ,
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 -Market
St., corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for ' pamphlet
with epecial terms. Daily and- Sunday.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; 15 years' experience; her knowledge of the
unseen forces is Invaluable to professional and
j business men, to wives and lovers: follow her
| advice and you will make no mistake. 1104
I Market st, corner Mason, room 28.
j A— Mrs. Dr. Saylor, queen of clairvoyants and
I palmists; important advice on mining specula-
I tion. business, law; evil influence removed;
! fee 50c. mail SI. 1511'4 Market, opp. Van Ness.
' MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant _ card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. 1 50. 126 Turk.
j MME. BERNARD reads life fluently: advice
| given In all affairs of life: satisfaction guar-
' anteed: I5c up. 17 Third bt. next Examiner.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsv clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, opp.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny st, rooms 8-10.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, Is the great palra-
! 1st and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
j MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
present, future; 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlst, palm-
ist and card reading, 25c. 1241V» Market st.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader. 11 SlxCTI st; German spoken.
MRS. BROWN, scientific card reader; readings
! daily. 109 Fifth St.. room 2.
'BORROW on diamonds: secrecy; private en-
j trance; private rooms. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant.
1 MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44$% Jessie st
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
| MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
j advice: names given: 2-V; up. fi Fourth «t.
I -
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you b«oome disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works, 353-337 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
STANDARD. 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. 25c per pair: carpets cleaned,
3c yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
! CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth et; tel. Jessie 944.
! J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
(' vatlnp Co.. 240 Fourteenth et. : tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
j tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
! CONKLIN*S Carpet-Beating ~ "orks. 333 Golden
Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
, r ,-,-,.. ¦¦¦ - - ¦ ...... -.'-.. ..
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for fale cheap. S32 Mission.
® CHIROPODISTS^
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un.
less successful. Room 310. S27 Market st.
DENTISTS.
AT~the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809~Ma£
ket et., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. rn. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c; plat<*s,
J5. full Eet; all work painless and warranted.
I Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
! EIGHT prizes for beat crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 years' ex-
perience; no students; advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE AV. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made;- old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 963
Mission st, cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, DOc. J
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS. 1206 Market
et ; expert extracting:, crown and bridgework.
A. L. SIMPSON, D. D. S.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM — "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1SU Polk st.
( DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
I McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
! patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
I ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
J Ing.plnklng.,121 Post. overO'Connor & Moffatt.
Educational. » ;
E\'E^NG""sCT[TOI^^?^riBU^i^E^S~^COin
LEGE. 1236 Market st; Individual instructltn
in bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil service coaching^ tuition $5 month.
ALL, students but two taking full course this
year got- positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; JS per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past fi months; catalogue free.
1 GALLAGHErt-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, • teacher of
shorthand, reportorial phrasing tnuclit; prae-»
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $50; Rualogiie.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, .24 Post S,t,
- S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, -English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; . day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
: CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to It by written contract
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
i positions to all Its graduates. '305^ Larkin st.
ATTENTION! — Tarr's pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; short time; college graduates
i pofected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott b|d.
. ENGINEERING, civil, elec.. mlnlng.mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day,, eve. ; est. 1861
, VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MISS M.-Q. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
1 MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
' tlons, from $1 to $1000. at UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant ave. '
FRENCHMAN . will give lessons; violin and
- conversation.' ANTOINE, 304 Stockton, r. 8. --
VISITING governess; English branches," piano
1 . and bookkeeping; 50c a lesson. Box. 747, Call;
i MUNSON, School Shorthand, Typing Bookkeep-
, ing;. Spanish. 137 Mont'y.»E..M. Carpenter,' pr.'
TEACHERS' Agcy. A: McNlell,Mgr.,r. |1. Flood
bldg.: high school, grammar, private teachers.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
-violin, guitar.' mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION; night class. 424 Pine : Bt. ,
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, gi— mmar, writing,
etc.-, day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.-
V EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. , •
A— JAPANESE and Chinese ¦ employment con-
tractor: estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post gt.. near PoweU; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible housecleaning co.; est.
1870; practical recommend: try them: removed
to 419 Devlsadero;' tel. Fell 136. F. HAMAD A.-'
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
'JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce:
best help. 626 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office;. Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help., 411% O'FarrplI st; tel. East 420.
EMP1.O VaiE \T WASTED — FK3I ALE
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework or to keep house; can do good
plain cooking; $15 to 518 per month; carfare
paid. Box 941, Call office. :
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes place to
- do light housework; is a competent house-
• keeper. ' Address 136 Flith st, between How-,
ard and Mission. ' ¦ -
A YOUNG lady. attending the S. F. Normal
School desires to assibt with housework in
part payment for board. Address B., 2115
Berkeley way, Berkeley.
AN elderly American woman wishes position
to do light housework In a small family; good
home more of an object than wages. 700
Twenty-seventh st, Oakland.
WANTED — By experienced young woman, po-
sition as waitress in hotel; or restaurant; city
cr country: wages $25 per month. 20 Hardy st
POSITION wanted for man and wife to take
charge', of lod'ging-lnuEe; country preferred.
Box 942. Call office.
A M1DDCK-AGED woman wishes cooking and
housework: moderate wages. Call at Wo-
man's Union, - 7 Van ave.
GERMAN girl wants position in private fam-
• Ily to do chamberwork and sewing; best city
references: .wages $25. Apply 406 Oak st.
WANTED— By a Nova' Scotta Protestant wo-
man, housework and cooking in American
family. - Call 1654 Market st
YOUNG lady wishes situation to nurse parties
going to Europe. 717 Clayton st.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 359 Jessie St.
WOMAN wants position; is good cook or will
do any other work. Apply 8 Gough st.
'COMPETENT executive housekeeper and
amanuensis: unexceptionable references; sal-
ary $100 per month; New York and London
experience; understands chargft of servants.
lious ) parties, dinner companies, aa well an
correct dally routine. Address MRS. ED-
MUND, 16 North E st, Tacoma, Wash.
POSITION wanted by middle-need woman to
take entire charge of Infant or an invalid.
Call U4 Silver Et .
SWEDISH* girl of experience; good cook and
houseworker; city reference. Call from 11 to
4, 1<i50 Howard Bt., room 20; no postals.
CAPABLE woman wishes a position as fore-
woman or assistant. Address M. M., box 923,
Call office.
ELDERLY lady wishes a position as working
housekeeper or cook in it good family where
other help Is kept. Address S. E. C, 1037 %
Market et.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a position
to care for a child or invalid: is a competent
nurse; reference. Box S21. Call office. *
BORROW money of the respectable and relii-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A NEAT young lady wishes a position as
cashier In restaurant or bakery or lady's
maid. 4 Vernon place, off Hawthorne st. be-
tween Folsom and Harrison.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night. *1 50 to it
wrek: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baegage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
¦ subscriptions has been established at 10&6
Valencia at.
I EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
GERMAN man and wife wish situation*; 4
years last place. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
EXPERIENCED nurse and attendant (Ger-
man) wants position with Invalid gentleman;
physically or otherwise; knows massage;
willing to travel. OTTO IIARMAN, S62
Minna st.
MARRIED man wishes a position as porter,
Janitor or nlsht watchman; aged 40. Address
box 937, Call offlce. ;
COACHMAN situation; Is first-class
gardener and driver; sober, reliable; very-
beat references. Box 943. Call office.
IN grocery or general merchandise store by
young man; speaks English and v German;,
wages no object. Address box 82S, Call office.
GOOD mlddle-a_ed hotel waiter desires steady
position. Address H. K1EHL. New Atlantic
Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave.
AN experienced njan In liquor business desires
situation In wholesale house; speaks German
and Spanish: good references. Box 93S, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation as
watchman or porter work In store; best of
references. Box P36. Call offlce.
WANTED— Situation by good cook: German;
pood meat and plain pastry cook. W. DOLL,
1027V4 Market St., room 6.'
WANTED— Position -as watchman by reliable
man; _ood references. Address box 940, Call.
SITUATION; wanted by first-class German
cook in hotel; city x>r country. Box 935, Call.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant ave.
! SCANDINAVIAN coachman wants position;
'¦ understands the care of horses and carriages
and a first-class horseman; beet of references.
Address Coachman, 207 Montgomery ave.
STEADY, 'reliable man; understands care of
horses, cows, etc. ; good driver: willing and
obliging; references. Box 933, Call offlce.
GARDENER, German, wishes situation; would
like to work in a nursery. Box 934.
WANTED — A gentleman of address and busi-
ness experience desires a position; amount
salary not important. Box 902. Call offlce.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubBcriptlons has been establfshed at 1098
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' received at Call branch offlce.2200 Fillmore Bt.
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by thea latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson Bt.
FLATS TO LET. • t
''A SUNNY flat; 4 rooms and bath; good condi-
tion; $14. 39 Langton it, near Seventh. .-
A SUNNY upper flat of 4 rooms; good condi-
tion; $10. 118 Perry at., near Third.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
SHIPLEY, 291, near tsixth— Flat 'of B rooms and
bath; gas; nice yard; $11. >
UPPER flat 6 sunny rooms; gas; cellar; rent
reasonable. ' 71OV_ Clementina st.
1615>4 MISSION, near Eleventh— Large sunny
rooms; bath; laundry; rent $20. -.- ¦ - ¦¦
$11 50— UPPER flat 4 rooms; lower flat $3 50.
129 Ivy ave., corner Van Ness, .nr. Hayes st
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st. oft Bryant, bet
7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
"A GREAT 8NAP"-€-room flat. 802 Devlsa-
dero; rent" $30; brand new, mahogany mantels,
gaa. grates, porcelain tub. elec. lights, porce-
lain sink, Tennessee . marble washstand: fur-
niture for sale: mahogany, golden oak furni-
ture, metal. beds, Axminster carpet, round din-
ing table, pictures. Apply 1 to 3, or ad. box 910
FURNITURE for sale— Flat to let: 6 rooms,
bath. yard. 3570 17th St.. near Guerrero; ap-
ply 9 to 11 a. m.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $48 40, with .No. 7
range. King Furniture. Co., 1127-1131 Market.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin: tel.Polk694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; epot cash.
FimiSITURK .'.WANTED.
CIIAS. LEVY: buys your -furniture,* carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market 'St.: tel. Jessie 761.
TO receive highest value for fur., carpets, etc.,
see W..E. CODY. 757 Mission. ¦ teL Rod 3363.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
v^ HELP AVANTED--FEMALE.
WANTED — A German girl for second work and
to ntslst with children; also a girl = for cook-
Ing and housework; must be a good cook;
apply Thursday from 9 to 12 a, m. 2014 Web-
- ater St., between California and Sacramento.
•WANTED— Conscientious .woman ' capable of
'taking charse of business and. directing . em-
.'ployes; must . have references. , Address box
,944.; Call offlce.
¦ A MATEUR • singers , wanted. , .' Apply at Chutee
*;at 6 o'clock this, evening. .,'. •
GIRL for general housework ; wages $20. ¦ MR.
ILEONIR... 516 Golden: Gate ave. ' : • .
EXPERIENCED bindery' glrj wanted. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS.CO., 22 Clay «t ;-,;'.'
HELP WANTED— FEMALE). .
"C* R.~ HANSEN & CO... ...Phone Grant 185"
,.*;.. ;;,.;.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..........
Hotel . department, J30; head , waitresses,
i country, $25; 2 waitresses, Southern Califor-
nia, $20; 2 r waltresses, Arizona, $30, free fare;
. 2 r waitresses, Salt Lake City, $20. fare ad-
;.vanced: 2^waitresses, Fresno, $20; 2 waitress-
es, Marysville, $20; 3 waitresses, Petaluma,
$20: 2 -waitresses, Madera, $20, : fare paid;
¦ waitresses for Lathrop, Gait Coliisa, Oro-
ville, $20, many fare paid; waitress, San Ma-
teo, $22 50; chambermaid to wait, $-"J. same
place, see party here; 3 waitresses, city, $25
and room out; 6 waitresses, different city ho-
tels, $20; 5 chambermaids to wait, $20; 4
' chambermaids. Southern . California. $20; 2
chambermaids, $15 and $18; fancy ironers.
; south, $35 and found; woman cook, small
country hotel, $30; pantry girl, $25. country,
see party here; nurse, institution. $20; assist-
ant nurse, same place, tla. and many others:
2 lunch and dinner waitresses. $20; call early.
.;. FAMILY DEPARTMENT
'Chambermaid and seamstress, private family,
$25; German houseglrl, country. $25, fare paid;
i girl to assist in care of children, $20, coun-
try; middle-aged woman as companion and
light work, country: housegirl. Mill Valley,
$5 week; German housekeeper, $15; cooks,
second girls, houseglrls. city and country.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WOMAN for cleaning, institution. $20 and
found; also woman 3 days week, cleaning,
same place, $10 month, sleep home. C. H.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. .
A NURSERY governess; 2 children; references
. required; $40. Apply to C. R. Hansen in per-
son. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO.. 104. Geary at.
LAUNDRESS, $25; cook. $30: second girl. city.
$25; Oakland, $25; Berkeley, $25; seamstress,
$25; 2 chambermaids, 'same house, $20 each;
waitress, $20; housekeeper, $15; house girl,
$20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A — HOTEL Gazette, 20 Montgomery St., room 12
—Chambermaid, country hotel, $20, free fare;
.head waitress, $25; waitresses, city, $20.
300 HANDS to take work home, on ladies'-
underwear, waists and wrappers. 723 Market
St., room 35.
OPERATORS wanted, to work in factory on
waists and underwear. 723 Market st., rm. IB.
HANDS wanted to sew by hand. 723 Market
St., room 35.
HANDS wanted on automatic machine. 723
Market St., room 35.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
telf-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED — Girl for general housework and
plain cooking; wages $20; references. Apply
ISIS Plr.e et, near Octavla.
EXPERIENCED operators wanted to ~ew
shirts; a few inexperienced taught. Apply
The L. ELKUS CO., 29 and 31 Battery Bt
WANTED — German girl: «cneral housework
and gocd cook; $20. Between 9 and 12, 712
Hayes st
DRESSMAKER, apprentice and new begin-
nerg. MRS. M. SCHNEIDER, 2300 Post st
GIRL fur general housework; wages $20 to $25,
1713 Broderlck st, near Bush.
WANTED — Neat competent girl for general
housework; small family. Apply 2634 Howard.
WANTED— First-class finisher on custom
coats. M. WEINER. 222 Kearny st.
WANTED — Experienced girls, book sewers or
book folders. THE HICKS-JUDD CO.
3 EXPERIENCED waltressis at International
Hotel, 824 Kearny st. ; wages $20 and found.
WANTED— Girl for light housework; family of
one. S86 Sutter 8t .
APPRENTICES for ladies' ¦ tailoring. A. A.
HOENIG, S19 Post St.
WANTED— A good waitress. 106 Second »t
WANTED— A first-class coat finisher. 620
Kearny st, first floor, room 1.
LITTLE girl 14 to 16. to mind 2 children;' a
good home and good wages. 322 29th st.
SEWING Machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory, 12ft Fremont
Et. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
COMPKTENT experienced stenographer; Rem-
ington operator; no school girls. Address with
full particulars, "giving experience, references
and salary expected, box 924, Call office.
WANTED— A lady for sewing; good home and
fair pay for right party. Call after 2 p. m.
at 116 Taylor st. '
BORROW on Pianos, furniture, diamonds,
paintings; eecrecy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant av.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts and over-
allg. Apply HEYNEMAN & CO.. 410 Mission.
WANTED— A housekeeper in country; small
family; good home. Box 932. Call offlce.
WANTED— Neat young girl for housework. 710
Hyde st •
YOUNG girl to assist with light houaewoYk;
two In family. 1*49 Ellis st.
WANTED— Refined lady solicitors: those hav-
ing had experience in life insurance pre-
ferred. 205 Montgomery st.
THREE or four young ladles of good address;
salary and commission. CURTIS PUBLISH-
ING COMPANY. 59 Columbian building, city.
GIRLS wanted at the St Nicholas Laundry.
Seventeenth st, bet. Folsom and Harrison.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. '
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 584S
I ...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT, 7 A. M. TO-DAY
CARPENTERS... Read this. ..CARPENTERS/
2 carpenters, bridge and trestle work for a
large company - $70 and found
Cabinetmaker, Bteadv place, city
" FARMS, STABLES, ETC
Farmer and wife, south... $40 and found
3 pruners, blackberry bushes .-.
Choremen and boys ..$10 to $26 and found
E ranch hands and teamsters.. $20 to $25 and fd
Buggy washer, country stable.. $30 and found
...DRILLERS, city $2 day
150 Woodchoppers and tlemakers, fare paid
for tlemakers
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st
A — BAKER, country shop, J35 and found; see
boss here. /MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clary.
A— HOTEL AND BAKERY DEPT
First baker, country shop : $15 week
Second-hand, same shop 110 week
Cook's helper, camp $30 and found
Walter, country hotel, south..
$25 and found, fare pall
2 waiters, French restaurant.... $40 nml found
6 cooks $30. $35 and $40 and found
Dishwasher for a club Butchers
Waiters, different country places.... Bell boy
MURRAY & READY 634-KJ6 Clay st
A. F. DRAGO & CO.. Employment Offlce, 24
Montgomery ave.— Wanted, 6 woodchoppers.
* pine, $1 25 per cordt redwood, 75c; rough hard-
wood, $1 50; shingle bolt, $1 50; a night* bell
boy; a dishwasher; a waiter and cooks.
A-WANTED
Experienced driver for first-class milk route
In city; references required: $35 and found.
W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
A— 2 BRICKLAYERS to figure on S founda-
tions, 1 fresco painter, 3 cabinet makers, 1
bench hand 1 : sticker hand; all non-union.
" Mechanics' • Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny
st, room 9: no offlce fees. . . '
A— HOTEL 1 GAZETTE, "G Montgomery, room
12— Chef, $90; third cook, $30; bell boys. $10.
JOURNEYMEN Barber's International Union
free employ, bureau; only recog. union bar-
. bera. .115 Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. Less, sec.
BARBER8' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment H. Bernard, sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
HOW TO OBTAIN
< A COMPETENCY IN THE
BUSINESS OF LIFE INSURANCE.
Address JNO. I. D. BRISTOL,
No. 1 Madison Avenue,
New York City.
A GOOD steady barber wanted; at 17S0 Seventh
-.. st. West Oakland;" to a good workman a
steady place. ¦¦ ¦ ; " ,
A" HARNESSMAKER | f cr Sacramento County ;
$2 £0 a day and board. H. M. QUAST, ¦ 400
Market Bt.
WANTED— Barber: country; must be-fl.-st-
class workman, steady and good appearance-
wages $3; V4 over $18, with board. Apply- 808
Potrero avenue. . ' B»i^C__i;'
YOUNG man In retail gents', furnishing; make
himself generally useful; state experience an>_
salary required. Address Custom, box 951,
' Call. office. •-.; ¦ •
YOUNG man wanted as assistant -In crockery
department; state age, experience and refer-
ence. Box 950. Call . office. -
EXPERIENCED knife cutter. 723 Market st.
room 35. . <:¦:. • ' . --.;.• .
P, AINTER. - also helper; partly experienced.
Call early. 39S1 Twenty-fifth st. nr. Sanchez.
TWO lunch waiters. 618 Sixth st
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
- 20c. :¦". Boston House, ¦ 930 . Howard : st ¦ '¦ .
WANTED— A* second waiter;. come early. : Ap-
\ ply at 426 Montgomery «t
WANTED— A cook at 1020 Battery «t
HELP WAXTE^— MAXE.
A 50 COAL' MINERS
60 COAL MINERS
1 60 COAL MINERS
For Gallup, New Mexico...;. ....^
Large vein; 70 cents a ton...
Fife Fare Free Fare... .Free Fare
...See superintendent»ln our offlce to-day...
Married and single miners
Call, phone, wire or write for Information...
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A CORRESPONDENT familiar with Eastern
and coast trade In dried and canned fruits,
salmon and general line of provisions: salary
to commence with $125. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
A FIRST-CLASS head waiter; must be a
thoroughly competent man; one who has been
In business for himself preferred; Jli'O. Apply
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... Phone Grant ISo
RAILROAD WORK
10 teamsters, railroad work J2 a day
For State of Nevada.. Free fare
25 laborers, for company work. Surf..Jl 73 day
Free Fare "...Free Fare Free Fare
10 tunnelmen, big tunnel, Chatsworth Park...
J3 a day
Free' Fare Free Fare Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Oeary 1 st.
POLISHER and starcher, country laundry. $6<.>:
fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary Bt. .
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push; good opportunity to right man. F.
PERSON, room ' t!2, Parrott building.
WANTED^Young man to make himself useful
in an oyster house. 2S01 FoUom st; apply at
1» a. m. -v_
WANTED— Steady man; light Indoor work;
will pay J50 monthly: $75 required. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777tt Market st.
EXPERIENCED nurse to Invalid gentleman;
good position for steady man well recom-
mended; Etate wages expected. Box 943. Call.
WANTED— Lunch wxlter. 17 'Washington st
COAT, vest, pants makers. Call 635 Kearny
St., early. .^<
SHOEMAKER wanted for custom repairing.
Call at 933H Mission St. .
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to EOc. C62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
¦ YOUNG man who understands cutting meat
to drive wagon. Address box 352. Call office.
YOUNG man with experience to help ln_a calcs
bakery. 911V. Larkin at
WANTED— An errand boy with good refer-
ence. 734 Montgomery st. room 1.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine. Corps, U.
S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than S feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
1 inch in heisht; able to read, write and '
speak English. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Offlce, 40 Ellla
st, San Francisco. Cal. - -
WANTED — A man who is or has been an en-
gineer or conductor on the S. P. R. R. ; must
be a good mixer; a splendid opportunity for
the right man; must be industrious and am-
bitious; if in doubt address or call upon the
Syndicate Company, 5 Market
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay ct.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver .House. 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
ANY amount to loan on your diamonds; low
Interest UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop: central: Market st;
4 chairs; newly furnished; increasing trade; a
bargain on account going East Box 917. Call.
BARBER wanted to buy 6?chalr barber shop;
running 4 chairs steady; best location In city;
price $350. Address box 903. Call office.
FOR sale— ,5-chalr barber shop; good trade;
owner going north. 434 Pacific St.. S. F.
WANTED— High-class solicitors. 205 Montgom-
ery st. .
WANTED- A cabinetmaker. "WALTZ SAFE
AND LOCK CO., 109-111 Market st. S. F.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St., bet. 1st and 21 sts.
AGENT to Introduce best thing on the coast.
Address Dundee Mfg. Co., 14 Flood bldg., S.F.
PENSIONS-J. H. Fhepard & Co.; old reliable
firm, 806 Market, room 4D. Phelan building.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard St.,
S. F. Barber School.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
k;t; 700 rooms. 2Sc night: reading-rooms; free
'bus. and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
IIKMOKKHOIUS.
ANY case of Piles. Piles, Piles, Piles; over 200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment For fur-
ther pprtlculars add. Physician, box 1930, Call.
nORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HOUSES TO LET. ~
A^P^INTED^IsTllouseTTo' let; send Tf or cir-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HYPNOTISM. ~
PROF. RAYMOND— Strictly reliable; . teaches
hypnotism In five lessons for $5. 997 Market st.
giyVAUP CHAIRS AND TRICYCLES.
SOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.
LOST AXD FOCXD.
SMALL cocker spaniel bitch, color black, with
white circle around neck. Return to grocery,
Turk and Fillmore; reward.
ON T a. m. trip from Oakland, an account of
stock book. Reward at A. ZELLERBACH
& SONS. 416 -Sansome st
LOST— January 1, gold watch fob with black
silk ribbon. Reward If left at room 77, 120
Sutter St.. between 11 and 12 o'clock. v :.
LOST — In San Lorenzo. Gordon setter, calls by
name of Jack; reward. Address Postmaster,
Ban Lorenzo.
LOST — Lemon and white pointer: licensed 7 col-
lar marked JNO. B. COLEMAN, 730 Fillmore
St.; receive reward.
LOST— Bracelet In Jule's restaurant; reward.
2751 Bush st.
LOST— A Scotch collie bitch; return to Geary
and Larkin Atlas Grocery Store; .-eward.
LOST— Gold medal. Return to G. HOTOP, 631
Sacramento st; reward.
IRISH setter dog; had J. E. Mlllett on collar;
liberal reward. -226 Van Ness avenue.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of JOHN MURRAY. No. 236-12S3. The
finder will please return to bank.
ANY old thing: also diamonds.' 1 ' sealskins ; money
on them; private entrance; perfect secrecy.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
¦ MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, moved to 101S Market
opp. 6th; n-orld-renowned ladles' specialist;
safe, reliable; practiced in San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free.. After all other fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 997 Market st, cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
$5; positive cure guaranteed: when ethers fail
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 15 yrs '
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
offlce, J3; any aliment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 943 Post st..' bet Hyde and Larkin.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; positive cura
guaranteed; ladle* treated can return sam«i
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps, clr.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007% Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 Tears' practice In S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market-^Ladies spel
clalist: safe and sure cure, $3; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
LA DIES'. Home Remedy Co., 212 Ellis st— Prl-
I vate diseases of women; satisfaction guaran-
j teed or money refunded; sanatorium.
,— , : _
Dr! WISE, the ladles' specialist 1113 Market st
DR. POPPER, sped.- list for 37 years for femal«
troubles. 323 Kearny st; call and see me.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies" specialist; home
patients. 604 Eddy st. .
DR.. NG ¦.TOY -KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 gacramento st. near Kearny '.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
¦ HIGHEST market prtce paid for Belgian hares'
. ; must> be in marketable condition. Montcorn-
fry Market. 735 Market st
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought _
sold. Bllverman. 834 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1131,
-WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H L
- -WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st
MISCKIAAJIEOIJS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS. Engines. 2d-band machinery. Me- ;
INTOSH & •\VOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st
EARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits, on one floor, ready made; .
we can ship everything In '24 hours. ¦ J. ;
XOOXAN, 1017. 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission st,.
above Sixth; write- for catalogue. ;
BUY a brand new typewriter for $3 down and ]
$5 per month: write for catalogue and price. .
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 4>» California "
¦ B t_ ; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A— BUYS sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys. :
etc. WHITELAW. 21S Spear s.t. .
SOME nice furniture for sale very reasonable. "
Call 8 to J a. ro.anil 7- to 8 p. ra.. at ISiO:
Sutter st.; no dealers. '¦
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler. twO-driU".
air comirtssors. JARDINS'S. 220 Fremont st. .
FOR sale— Pet deer; cheap. Box 9CS. Call'-
offlce. - .
GAS engine, one horsepower, $75; can be seea'
at work. Shirt Stow. 535 Valencia st, :
CANARY birds- choice songsters. 1277 Minna-
at... near -Fifteenth. _j . .
CHEAP— Aermctor windmill and two tanks. T.
O. box 214, San . Rafael. •
2D-HAND eteam. gas. oil. water and sJr ma- '
chinery bought and sold; White. S18 Mission. •
BLUE gum piles for sale. Apply PACX. KEY-
SER. 206 Clay st. ; , -
PORTABLE engines, boilers: iron and wood -.
planera. lathes; 2d-hand. J. Buxke. 1Z3 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROOH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goorts
bought, eold. exchanged.. 103 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks. scale and fire and bUrjUr
proof safe. 218 California st .
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-har.d: moving.
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Po«t »t
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
MI.VI.NG AXD ASSAYING. .:
VALUABLE gold mines and patents for sale.
Rooms 475-6, Parrott bidg-: 10-12 m. 1-3 p. m-
MONEY TO LOA.V
~- — — rrv
AA— BEST rates and easles terms.
Second Mortgages :
...". Interest in Estates '
Undivided Interest .in Real Estate — -
Financial problems of all sorts and plz*«
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, planes, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you ¦will lotw»
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 9C> Market at.
ANY amount at S per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no der..
lay; get my terms before doing business else-;
.where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. I.
ANY proposition, any amount; « per cent; first.:
second mortgngee. estates in probate, lnteresw-
ln estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel '
mortgages and securities. Room 16. let floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSENV
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, JeTwelry at low-
eat rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st; tel. Main 1M4. Branch YS Third st.
ON furniture, piasos. no removal, or any other
security; quick; lowest rate; easy terms; no
brokerage; private, reliable parties. 1170 Mar-
ket St., room. 8S.
A— liOO.OOO ON city end country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and. collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st-
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds. .
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sjxtn:.
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
j ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc. :
no removal, no coiwrnisalon: strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jonea.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, sliver, ¦
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant ave.
MONEY" loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California;.
$100,000 TO loan, on real estate or for building:
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.; 222 Sansome. rm. i.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. 821 Parrott bldg.
Z% en furniture and pianos: 115 up; no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81, 6 IJddy st
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country; S%; undl-
vlded Ints. ; estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott big.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal notes.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;-
low rate. 917 Market it., room 1. * • -
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; con-
fidential; on diamonds, etc 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phe!an bid.
MOSEY WASTED.
MONEY wanted; loaned; gilt edje securities;
expert appraisers; ready demand tor anything
and everything: thrown on our hands and
placed in our spacious salesrooms. IX Mc-
RAB Furn. Co. (Incorporated). 837 Mission.
MUSICAL rXSTRUaiEXTsT
A GREAT reduction on piano* left from 130ft.
Pianos left from, 1300 stock:
Guild J 3«
Emerson ,...._ .» 63
Weber ...... .i „ ICO
Steinway -. 134
Chickerlng i 82S
" Haynes ...., 1 2S5
Hallet & Davis.. * 4S5
Heine 435
Rents and easy payments. HEINE* PIANO
CO.. 217 Geary St.. agents Hallet & Davis,
oldest and most famous piano In existence.- ".
BEAUTIFUL. Chlckerinsr upright: cost J473.
now 1275. HEINE PIANO. CO.. 217 Geary st
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Ox's 'with
easiest ray merits, lowest prices and most re-
liable* makers to choose from. Each the best'
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange* medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Steinway any- tltn*
wi.thin three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for JS cash and;
Jfi per month. We offer to sen kbi* jr**!'
pianos for $3, Jl and 15 per month. SHBR-.
MAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and ¦ Sutter fits.. San Francisco; 1 -
corner Broadway and- Thlrteentti st, Oak-
land^ • • .- . '
NOW Is yoor* chance to' buy a yood piano for*
small sum of money; Ji\ ST5. ftCO. M9. any
price you want Now. what do you want.T-
Call on us and get It' MAUVAIS'. iQ Markf.t
FOR the first 15 days of. 1301 we are going to
sell our pianos and all kinds of musical gooffs
at special reductions, with an- extra discount
for cash purchases; make money by savins -It
at MAUVAI3'. 769 Market at: •
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hcm»* j
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASETS. 28.
23 and 30 O'Farrell st.: planes, organs and
all other musical Instrument* of all; gratj*«
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-,
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer. • _
A BIO *ale of piano* now going on; all plants
at reduced prices: fine large one, 1155; nura- .
ber on time limited: agency Chlclcerinsr. Ma-
son & Hamlln. Vose, Sterling, etc BENJ.
CURTAZ &. SON. IS O'FarTell St.; open «ve»-
ln;s. s*- m
3-PEDAL upright piano: sacrifice: party gotns
East 419 Van Ness ave.. near McAllister st
A CLEANEfG out sale of pianos In storage;.
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market .st
'BYRON MAUZY, agency Sobnler & Oo.. Byron
. - Mauzy, Gabler and SpeHlman pianos. 30S Post.
SPECIAL sale — Immense reductions; see" our
, leader, only H50. BRUENN. 20S Post st. -
; THREE-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain?
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission st. *
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights;
, small Installments. Hornung. as McAllister.
1 HIGH-GRADE pianos; Pteck. Hardman. Con-
oyer A others. W. B. AI*LEN & CO.. 314 Post.
' AT KEEFFETS. 953 Market St.. 4 elegant up^-
¦ rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos, $3 per
• month. SCOTT-CURT AZ. SCO Hayes st. • .
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. II.
MULLtat maker. . repairer. 2 Latham pl.-ion..
¦ BARGAIN— Mu.«t be sold; nice upright piano.
• SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlt>. Banfc.
, CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekfy
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In -ths
Unlti«d States, postpaid, for 11 per y«-»r.
! . • OIL. ' '
" MUST have money; will sacrifice from 50- to
SCO share.3 stock Diamond Oil Company at.^o
per share; company's prtce 73c, with Imme-
diate advance to $1 announced. Address box
• 933. Call office.
! HOW to get rich— Buy these bargains: 1000
shares Bear State oil stock, sacrificed; KM
shares Sunset, only $30; 100 shares, $10. 933
; Market st.. room 8. . .
5000 SHARES of oil stock must be sold at once •
parties -must realize at once. LEONARD A
s LEONARD. 205 Montgomery st
• JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine street:.
• MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
/ Country correspondence solicited.Estate of Solomon Adler (owner) with M.
E. Stanford (contractor), ,, architect Albert
Plssis— All alterations and repairs for building
at 120 Front street: 12400.
Emerio Moltoza, executrix) to Abraham and
Sarah Goodman, lot on S line of Geary street,
150 E of Franklin. E 97:6 by S 120; J21.000.
John and Otllla Pedersen to Lizzie Lavin
berg (wife of Gershon), lot on N line of Pine
street, 103:1% E of Stclner, E 34:6 by N 137:6;
tlO.
Gershon Lavlnbergr to same, same; gift.
Carl Schlusa to Candida Schluss, lot on X line
of Golden Gate avenue. 105 E of Pierce street.
E 40 by N 137:6; gift..
Edwin T. Cooper to James H. Bennett and
Harry W. Goodall (Bennett & Goodall), lot on
S line of Sacramento street. 137:6 W of Lo
cust. W 35 by S 132:7^4: J10. v
George and Emma Schafer to Peter and Eliz
abeth Secbach, lot on W line of Folsom street.
30 8 of Creek Lane (Erie), S 23. W 131:11T4. N
20:«H, E lS6:5»i: $6250. \
D. O. Mills to Edwin W. Bennett, lot on N"W
corner of Fifteenth and Church streets. N 100
by W 25; |10.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Caleta
Furrer, lot on W line of Bartlett street, 80 8
of Twenty-third S 80 by W 120; $1925.
Jonathan and Anna Anderson to Henry
Rahlves, lot on N line of Elizabeth street, 375
W of Douglass, W 25 by N 114, Heyman
tract; $10.
¦William and Fannie Hencke to Mercantile
Trust Company of San Francisco, lot on NE
corner of Clay and I#avenworth streets. E
94 by N 80, subject to ri*ht-of-way In 1SS9 D
408, recorded November 12. 1900. I. L. Hoff
man and wife to Giovanni Solarl and Globatta
Podesta (see sixth deed In abstract 2S73, No
vember 13. 1900): $14,000.
Emma S. Fuller to Jeremiah Hurley, lot on
9 line of Clay street, 1C2:6 E of Larkln, E 25
by S 137:6; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Edward W. Pratt,
lot on S line of California street south (Deeth),
32:6 E of Fifth avenue. E 23 by S 100; $10.
J. W. WrlKht & Sons Investment Company
to Richard Barker, lot on IV line of Forty
fourth avenue, 275 S of J street, S 50 by W
120; $10.
Frank C. and Leonora A. Martin to Phoebe
C. Spear (wife of John I. Spear), lot on W
line of Stanyan street, 50 S of Parnassus ave
nue (Sullivan), S 25 by W 81:3; gift.
Thais A. Foley to Henry J. and Crescenzla
Elberling, -4ot on N line of Sixteenth street,
146:9 E of Ashbury. E 2T>, NE 9S:7. NW 23:1.
SW 100:7, block Z, Park I.ane tract No. 6; J10.
: Builders' Contracts.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate of Henri F. Emerlo (by Elizabeth
G S Long. Tezaa
E A Axeman, Phil
M K Morrill, N Y
O A Wilson, Stanford
F J Fox, Stanford •
H L Billings. Chicago
W V Sullivan, Wash
Mrs Sullivan, Wash
E W Runyon, Red Biff
G D Eaton. Los. Ang
Mrs Eaton, Los Ang
E W Oakcs, Riverside
J C Williams, Chlco
Mrs Williams, Chico
T A Brokwalter, Utah
Mrs Brokwalter, Utah
9 B Cramer, N Y
E A Hamilton, Chlco
Mrs Giles, Plttsbur*
Mis* Giles, Pittsburg
\V W Cooklns Jr, L A
A J Stelnman, Mo
A H Bettens, Byron
W A Sherman, Bolinas
Mrs Sherman, Bolinas
H J Small, Sacto
J W Sandford, Aust'a
F H Back, Vacavllle
O T Berry, Los Ang
W C Taber. Toledo O
T Spellacy, Cal
O W Simmons, Mo /
Ft H Schnulock, Conn
O O Reynolds. Mo
Dr A Moielnet. . Mo
K Spauldlng, Conn
F H Short, Fresno
/ D Hooker, Los Ang
Mrs Hooker, Los Ang'
D Melone, Oak Knoll
P L Hoadley. N J "
P F Marks. Elk Park
Mrs Marks. Elk Park
ft A Patterson, Chgo
E Davis, Denver
Mrs Davis, Denver
Mrs M De Vrles, Cal
W J Westerfeld, Reno
Mrs J E Tesrean, Cal
G Argenstein, wf, Cal
Mrs W E Hale, Sacto
\V A Green, Chicago
R » Flsselle, S W
A Street, N Y
0 E Meyerr N T
C E ! Bowasen, Denver
U k Godfrey. Phlla
GRAND HOT^L.
M Lopez, Ban Jose
T Cunningham
W Lurnsden
F D Newton & wf. Sac
I B Rowan, Crockett
J W Bosrgs, Lakeport
G R Bower, Lakeport
E M Burke, Santa Bar
T D Blodgett. Tulare
C M Simpson. Paaaden
G W Klncald. S F
M Abrams, S Cruz
Dr L W Brown, Oregn
F S Coates. Portland
W J Bennett, Cal
F C Parker. N Y
J R Weeks. L A
O Scrlbner. Visalla
S Itamseau, Sierra Val
F G Schmidt, Oil Val
S A Moody, Boston
J Relth Jr. Woodland
J J Burkett. Stockton
L. B Snyder. Stockton
W C DOKKett & v.\ Cal
Marlon Mert^nn. Wash
Susie Spencer. Wash
H D Tides, Oregon
R B Renaud. Stanford
C Munsey* St Paul
E M Tilden. Woodland
J B Eakle, Woodland
F Barenchl. Vallejo
Miss Barenchl, Vallejo
F T Condlt. Porterville
J C Wadlen, Petaluma
S A KHchener, Stocktn
M Cronan, Sacramento
A S Benioff. city
F Booth, Los Angeles
E O Tucker, Sausallto
F E Vlckes. Beverly
D J Vogelman & w.Cal i
Miss A Templeman.Cal
Mrs S B Curtis, Hono
JV J Moore. Los Angls
A W Hutchins, Cal
Dr D W Hasson. Cal
H Jonas . & s. Butte
T C Brady & w, Redng
J S Graff, Chicago
P Ger'iart, St Louis
H It Tase, Sioux City-,
O Y Woodward. Cal
R S Suler, Palo Alto
Mae Johnson. S ' Bernd
J T Coleman, Pa
W D Burnham, N Y
n W Skinner. Mrysvll
E Dlnkelspiel, Sulsun
H W Miller. Sulsun
E A Gilbert, Sacmnto
F C Stanford & w. Cal
A T Lee. AngeU Camp
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R Lee, Virginia
T M Mulllns & w, L. A
Mrs Clark, Fresno
J \V Allen, S Antonio
C E Sullivan, L Gat03
H D Adams, Bacto
O W Edson, Graf ton
O T HerrlnKton, Kans
S Lyons, Nelson
M Mulroony, Nelson
L G Carson, Chicago
A Xormand, Oregon
3 W Browne, Pasadena
O Condon & w, Cal
K F Young, St Louis
C Tremble, Mt Vernon
W Wamsey, Kansas C
C H Lance, Butte
F K Kollman. Portld
J Champion, Portland
F Farnow, Manila
F E Evans, Peking
J W Boteler. Peking
C Rlchberg, China
D McCluskey, Portlnd
H Johnson, Oregon
Miss Johnson, Oregon
W H Allen. Columbus
R. E Smart. Denver
F Groom, Denver
P Fennln. Alameda
J Foy.. Cal
C Llzans, Monterey
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
THE SAX FKAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 3, 1901.
11
BAILB.0AD TRAVEL.
• EAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LiESSEB
SAN-' FRANCISCO : AND - NORTH -PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot or MarRetSt.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON FERHT— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a, m.; 12:35. 3:30,
5:10, 6:80 p. m. .Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 0. m.
SUNDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30, 5:00,
6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-6:10, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 r>. m. *-
StINDAYS-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.' "
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park,
same schedule as above. •]
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | Nov. 7. 1900. | San Francisco.
I Sun- I . ~* I Sun- I Week
Days. I da>-a. | Destination. | days. | Day*.
7:30 ami 8:C0am Xovato. 110:40 am! 8:40 am
3:30 i>mj 9:30 am Petaluma, I S:05 prnllO:^; am
! 5:10 pml 5:'O pm Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
. ¦ . " • Fulton. —
7:30 am Windsor, . 10:23 am
'!¦?/-?. ¦ Healdsbursr,
Lytton.
GeyserA'ille,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I I
• ; | 8:00 am| and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am -. . 10:25 am
8:00 am GuernevHle. 7:35 pm .
8:30 pm . ; _ 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and - '•
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pm'
7:30 ami 8:00 ami >|10:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| , Eebastopol. (7:35 pm| 6:23 pm
Stage* connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springrs: at
Oeyaervllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at • Hopland • for Duncan
Spring*. Hlehland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs;- «t Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, -Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, , Upper L«ke, Porno, ; Potter Valley,
John Day's, v Riverside, Llerley's, Buokneirs,
Eanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Git's Hot Springs,
Mendocino City,: Fort Bragg. ; Westport. Usal,
Wllletts, Lay tonville, Cummlngs. Bell's Springs,
Harris, Olsens. Dyer,' Scotia and Kureka. ¦<
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. .»- ¦ ¦ • -• ¦
On ¦ Sundays, round-trip tickets to all - points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ',
Ticket office, 650 Market sL. Chronicle build-,
ing. R. X. RYAN',
H.'C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt. ,
- Gen. . Manager. . '
10:25 am
6:22 pm
NWCTHRRS I'ACirit! COJIMHT.
|r ACiric •tstkm.)
Tralms Irm « nail nra <iu« i« arrlf • at
MAN rilANl'IMCO.
(M»;n tine. Foot of Market Stmt)
LSATl — FROM JAXVAKT 1, 1901. — AUITI
7:30a Benida. Siilann. Elmir*. V*e*TtUe.
Rumwf snd a»cr»tueu«o 7l49r
7:3«* Davis. Woodland. Knighu Landing.
Marjsvilla. Oro»IU«.. 7>43r
7:30* AtUntio Kxprew- Ogden and Cut lfelSr
8:9Oa M»rtlnex,.S»nKtuH!ii,V*!lejo. N'»p»,
CallitcK* aad Sauti Rosa 0:l3r
8:«OA27i!ea. Luermore, Tr»cj, l»throft " ¦
Stockton 7il3r
¦:S*A Shasta Expre -u— l>»vU. Williams (for
Bkrtlett Springs), Willows, Ked
Blufl, i'orthwd. 7i«r
• ¦S»A Sau Jote. Liiermore, Htocktnn.
lone, ftaerameiito, PUcerfilla,
M*rjs«i:io. Chico. lte<l KlufT 4il»p
«:»»» Oakd*lr, Chinese. .-4onor». C»rtera... «llar
!»:«o» Hajwarda. Nil. s and War stations. 1 1 1 1*.
BsOVaLm Aaceles Express — Martiuez.
Tracy. Latlirop. Stockton, Meroed
Freino »ud Lou Anjules 7llftP
«:net V all-it.. SUrtinoz ami War Stations f»s«»r
lD«u. The O»erlaud Limited— Ogdan. Den-
ver. Omaha. Chicago •s4»r
II:OOa Nile*. Stockton, rtacrasiCTito, Men-
dota. Fresno, lUufurJ. VUilU,
PorteMtlle :.... •iilSr
1 1 sOOa Ll»f nacre, Saucer. Ooshen Junc-
tion. Bakersfield. Los Angeles
' tl>*OPSacrainenti» Kliec Ste»m«i» fSi"»»
Si»Op Hay wards. Nil.i aud Waj Station*. »««3r
4i«ttp Martlnex, Kan lUimm. Vallejo,
NatMk. CalUtoxa. Haiita llcta »il4*
4itt*r Benicla, Whiten, Hacraiaento,
. - ., - . Woodland. KnivliU I.»udln«.
ftLrjaTlllo. Oro»IUo ••»:«»
itaor IhywaTds. Miles and S«n Jow t":l-"»*
3:00k Niles. Iifannore, Stockton. Lod» ... 10:13*
s 5:O0p Sumet limited. El Puo, .
Orleans and East elBJl-V* .
StOOpThe Owl Limited— Tracy, rcoano.
Bakersfleld. Mangfte for .Santa Bar-
bara, Los Anseled. IOjISa ;
S:OOpNew Orleans Eiprets-UakewfieM. ¦ %.
8*nta IUr)ur*. l.«>s Ang*le». Uem>
Inc. El Faso. New Orleaus and
Knit ••'' 7»«!»a
¦:«*F HiT*ud>, Silw »d !i»n Jose .I 1 ***
tO:OAr Vallejo lt»»4
•lOor Oriental Mitt-Often, Cbejenne,
Omaha. Chicago •' l*«13r
•^Of Oriental Mall-Ogde*, Denter.
Omaha. Chicago. 4il3r *
7>OOr Ocegoo aud Cailfuruia Ki|>rem,Mna-
mmeiiU.. Marj.fllle. BwfcWhfc
l'<»tlaii<r. 1'iiget H0111.J ami Kasi •»«*
¦!«3r B»n Pablo. P^rt Conta. Mtrtlaez ¦
and Way tftaUous....- II: i?*
I»iO3p Tallt.jo *7il3p
COAST DIVtStna (Jarr»« «i«"Re).
(Footnt M-rketStrcei.t ._•
•jIHa Ne«ark.CeHter»llle,f<aiiJoee,Fi»lt.i». ", - .
Bon!derCree«.Sa«taOru«andnay
BtaUous •!*•»
t*i1Hp Newark, Centerrlllev San Jose, »•»
Almaden, Folton. ttonlder Creek.
Sauta Cm aad Vrlncipil Way
Stations : t'S'?!!*
4i<Sp Newark. H«i Jm, Los Qatoa 8»»»* .
«»>SOr Hunters" Excursion, 8an Jos* and-
Way8UUon» r:t*T
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frimSlS FR11MSM— F»»t »r larkit Strut (S:i> J>—
t7:l» :9O 11:00A.M. 133 2:30 «^'";
rrsaOttUIS— r«»l «r BiMdwtj.— T«:0O ta.0O. t3fla
10:00t.ii. ' I2:C0 8X3 i;83 8:18p.m. •
COAST DIVISION (nro*d««««e).
¦ (Third nnd Townseml St».>
<8>I»A Ocean Vtew. South S»u Vraodseo. . t«»3«P
7:00a Sau Jose and Way Statlm.s (New
Almaden Wedne«dajsoiilj) 1>30f
9:0*a Ban Jote. Tres I'liioe. HauU Crnx.
PaoiUe Urute. Vaso Unbles. Han
I.11U Ol.im.... Hmf. Lompoo aud -
rrttieipal War Stations VIZ*
I«:IOa 8aa Jose and Way HtaUona. Z 1 ,*
I HS«A San Jose aad Wai Statlm* .....«• 3t30 '
fa: I5r San Mateo. Uedwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jus*.
Trea Pinos. Hauta Cr«x. Sallnaa.
Mont-rey aiid 1'aeiBc Gro»e...... 1i;«»«A
t*:JWpSanJo»eand Way Stations i ! ?i lp
tl:l3p9aaJo.iea>i<l Principal Way Stations »U3a
?5:0«p 3an Jose. Los Oatos. and Principal
Way Stations »• «•••
SiSOp San Jose and Principal Way SUtions ;»£*a
«:3wp San Jose and Way Statious 'i't?*-
Clli43r San Jasesnd Way Stations 7i80p
A for Morning. P lor Afternoon,
t Sunday exeepted. t Sunday catf.
• Mondajv, Wedneidayt, Frldayi. ,
« Tatsdays. Thuradajra. Soadars.
« Saturday on! J- ¦
•
y^"*!k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JffiWjp^g&ln 1«»54 for the treatmrot of Hrivata
Ha JJL,«W Diseases. Ix>^t Manhood. Dehlllty or
wearinjron body and mind and
3l»BPWi!23 :Skln Oi«p»ses. Tb« Doctor care* wiien
others fall. Try him. ('bar?ps low.
I — -—-¦*«»»*« C*ll or write.
»r. J. y. CilBBOX. &»a Frandaco. CaL
WEElJ CALL
$1 per Year. *
On the Santa Fe
/ you can travel with speed as well as
comfort from San Francisco to Chi-
cago in 75 hours. Leaves every morn-
ing at 9 o'clock.
California
Limited
ADVEKTISEMENTS. .vVi •
Southern Pacific Company
2=5 Years 4! Per Cent Gold Bonds.
DUE DECEMBER 1, 1905.
(Redeemable at the option, of the Company on and after December 1st, .
1902, at par and accrued interest.)
At the "price of 88 per cent and ACCB/OXD XNTE&EST, payable a»
follows:
$ 50.00 per Bond on January 7, 1901, and ", \*t •
937.50 per Bond on February 1, 1901.
$987.50 per Bond of $1000.
The $10,000,000 Bonds are a direct obligation of the Southern Padflo
Company and form part of a present issue of $15,000,000 secured by a
deposit with the Central Trust Company of New York, Trustee, of
$ 7,174,000 Various Bonds < face value)
59,487,000 Various Stock (f.ac« value) of Companies controlled
by the Southern Pacific Company.
1,530,000 Stock of Wells, Fargo & Company (face value.)
STJBSCBIPTIONS WILL BE RECEIVED SIMULTANEOUSLY BY
MESSRS. SPEYEB & COMPANY, NEW YORK, and BY THE NEVADA
NATIONAL BANK OF SAN FRANCISCO ON JANUARY 4, 1901, AT 10
O'CLOCK A. M., AND CLOSE AT 3 O'CLOCK P. M. OF THAT DAT.
Subscriptions must be accompanied by a deposit of $50.00 per Bond, '
which deposit is to be returned, on any Bonds not allotted.
Default in making the final payment on or before Thursday, 31st of
January, 1901, at our office, will, at the option of Messrs Speyer &
Company, New York, forfeit the subscriber's right to the sum paid atr.
the time of Subscription.
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OP SAN FRANCISCO.
By ISAIAS W. HELLMAN, President.
OIL XJLJfDS FOR SALE.
KERN River: proven territory; line of "R. R.
Newton. Carmen & Somes, . r. 104. Chronicle.
PAINTERS AVD DECORATORS,
Wall paper, wir.tow shades;' rboips papered $3
up: Je^gen £ Bath.-SQS Sixth qt.; open eveningb.
rALMl STRY. :
H. JEROME FOSSEL.1.I. •cienUflc'pidmlst.""615
Teylor ft., bet. ti«ary.and Poet; tel. Black E61.'
rROF. HAIGHT, Palmist— Readings this week
vrAy for £Ce. If26 Market et.. S. F. ¦
: PATtSl S jk>D . PENSIONS.
ADVICE free;" no caaree: unlesa successful/
GEO. D. CAMTBELL, Lawyer. Examiner biff.
rcfc-saxALS.
OWEN McCABi:, iRiporter .^dealer lj» feathers;
:; JiaiT mattress and pillow nULnufactory-; old
f tatters renovated an'i' purified;, all feathers
sold warranted well dressed with my patent
s-teara renovator. -870 MlssS.on; tel. Jessie 1114.
TO whom it rr.ay coricera— Having this flay.
January 2, IT'ji; purchased th« fruit market
located at 11C3 Mission BX... . I will not be re-
sponsible for a>.y. debt* that may have been
contracted by .the xortner owners. L. M.
AV1LLIAJJS. January t. ISffy . . - ¦ .
TO «-ho:n It may concern— I; AUGUSTO DO-
I3ELLI. having disposed of my lnterett in'
firm known as pobelll & Forfteatinl. doing
- bus;ne*s at ::. .» Stockton *t.. will not .be re-
eponeible for . acj.- debu eontr&cted by eaij
firm. ' - ¦ '
HAG carreis wo-\ t ta order' and- for sale.; also
chenille-wove rugs, eilk portieres; dealer la
carpet iwine. in' hank or chain. «* lowest
raws. GEO. .MATTHEWS. TM Firth. Oakland.
it OR $?OCS to loan oh diamonds, sealskin*, sil-
verware, all valuable. UNCLE' HAKKIS.- 15
Grart ave. ' ' ¦ •¦ . . ' • ¦ .
Superfluous hair removed' w.lth electric needle;'
electric roller facial treatment for wrinkles;
all brarche* 'taught* Miss Eaton. 1119 Putter.
FINE FUitK. tlO; dress pants. Ji 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS- 427 Montgomery st-
A— ?3 50 PERBT and Fedpra v haLs, JI T5. Popu-
lar Price Haitere, S30 Kearny et., near Pine.
FCITS to orter r>n lnEtaJirnrhts; -JIj upward; Jl
a week. LEOSC LElioe. 1117 ilarket et.. be-
tween Feventh and. Eighth. ¦ • * .
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS. -teL South 792,
made to crder, renovated: honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair .c->aiiSed: fine uphol-
Eterv* goods caFefulJv paciced for shipment or
utorape. HOPKE- BROS .. S18 and 3M 11th St.
ELECTRIC lip** in every '¦¦ room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st./ r.oar Market: TOO' rooms;
Sic to II 60 rer 'night.; $1 55 to S6 per week:
free 'bus sjifi -bajrp^e to. ejid from the ferry.
WHITE enamel Srcr. beds, -single.. three-qaarter
or double. $Z to.. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 2310- 131: P.:ockton ex.*. near Broadway.
YOtTNO"tmfinpse nan wants lady partner with
meanr; object, matrimony. Box 3313, Call.
FUlTS to order on easy r&srnents. Art Tailor-
ing Co., 1644 Mkt-;, 'uaicr St. Nicholas Hotel.
AI.FREDt'MS Egyptian Henna.; re«ones pray
hfilr to Its natural color: $1: at a.U 4rug-gl?te.
MASQUERADE 'CO5ttnne?, r>lay book& wigs;
cour.try orders. GOLDSTEIN'. & CO.," 733 Mkt.
PR. LAMOTTPfe French Cm Paint, the best
o"m rur>: S5<~:- all druggfst!".
PH YsfciAXS. AATTJ gtRGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence!
10SH Market et.. between' Sixth and Seventh.
PARALYSIS, rheematism. asthma effectually
curffl. DR. J. H. .REEVE. £6^ Kearey Et.
HEAL ESTATE CITV-—FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PA31K LOTS. ¦
.New Re«oletlon» for the Sfew Tear.
Isvest Tour Surclus la a Good Lot..
1100, $:90 ar.d T3»— Very best Opeaa Boulevard
residence lets; none can beat us; only $5
monthly.;
£."<• to tSOO— Orafied Ecnset* Z?th «.v«_ Bo-Jle-
«-a.rd and Richmond lots; 110 monthly.
175 to flW— Level lots near Mleelca and Eaa
M&teo eltctric cars; J5 monthly.
JSOO, *7E0. C000 and RS00 eacto— 4 splendid cot-
tages; tood locations; near cars; large lots;
; r> rr.T.ts came m rent.
Branch ofSce— Sth are., sear H it.. Sunset.
EOL GBTZ A BROTHER,
' Room i*. Chronicle buUdlnr.
IF you hs_ve property north of the Park and
you wish to eell Quickly, then call on W. J.
QCXK. £30 California «t-
T'EFIRABLE building lets; near a school; price
r*ascnable; en 'easy Xe-ms. ftf liinr.a «t-
HOUSE and lot for sale at a sacrifice; account
of departure. 1625 Post et.
REAL ESTATE — COrVTRY— For Sale
~^^~~^
Circulcrs free of Farms In all the coanties.
Also city and country exchange list.
R A >C II TO LET. .^
?CKAP. Hnywarfs, 10 .acres; well Improved;
f«5h rent. 2326 Pixteerth gt.. city.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE — 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. .
j400~"cASlF. V CO monthly till paid for; cottage
cf S rooms anS baxh; large barn, chicken-
house and run; fruit trees and shrubbery; a
nice, cozy honse Jn the. right epot, being
hcalthlul: 2 fine lots, 150 feet deep; picket
fence; r'.iy .Mtfc' and eewer; near a model
Fcboolhouse and electric cars; nice neighbor-
hood- candy loam soil; view something grand;
- &r.ay from' cold winfis and fog; adjoining
Eatt Oakland;' call or eend for circular for
cheap lots or acreace. 435 Seventh St.. Oak-
t&nd. Broadway, station. Carriage free.' H.
Z. JONES, owner.
»:3*-COST LATE OWNER J4000.
Pair of Cats; i rooms and bath each; )larket
et. station. Oakland: being 12 per cent per
• annum oa investment; first come, first served;
tr.ust be cold at once. J. S. MTERS & CO..
Wi Broadway. ¦
|1S3&— WORTH $3000;. Harrison «t... fronting City
Park: 3 blocks to Broadway; 2 blocks to
' fechools and locaJ station, etc.; neighborhood
the beet; 6 rooms, bath and basement; fur-
nished and ready for occupancy; terms if
desired; ssuet be «een to be appreciated;
positively cust be Bold this week; first come,
f.m served. J. A. MTERS & CO.. 10C2 Broad-
; way. .
tK)0>-ACTCAL COST $8500.
House, 8 rooma; corner lot: plate glass win-
<lo*». 4 blocks from ' Broadway and I blocks
to narrow" aad broad gauge, local stations; la
the finest neighborhood; open plumbing; the
latest Ideas In architectural construction. J.
'. B. MTERS & CO., 10C2 Broadway.
OFFICE OPEN JANUARY 1, NEW YEAR'S
PAY. - )
%iJ'j— A SHALL- home of 4 rooms and bath.; must
b* sold: ttth et.. sear Telegraph ave.: 25x100.
A.- J. ENTDHR & CO., Real Estate, «7 Ninth
Ft.. Oaklana. CaL
-fOf-4 ROOMS:- OxlOO: matt be sold. A. J.
f-NTDFR * <T> 4*7 X1nth St.. Oakland.
oaklaSd furxitlkb for sale.
AN Introduction to you from H. Bchellhaas. the
• furniture flealer". 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
RQOJfS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRODERICkT~G25— Two oPthree neatly fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
I'OLSOM. f ta— Large eunny bay-window room
and kltclK-n; modern conveniences; fJ week.
•HOWARD. K7A — Buite of housekeeping
rooraa. It. ' . :¦„
HYDE. 408-rSunny front perlor suite, J27; suite
enltablo for 8, $20; also basement suite, jit.
• IIINNA. 64»— Furnished room*, complete for
housekeeping: large yard.
•MXN'NA. 606— Large furnished front room for
housekeeping. • :
O FARRELL. 74&— Nfcsely furnished sunny par-
Ijjiii gas, bath and phone; light 'housekeep-
¦~Tng;~ other rooms.
ro'wELL, 411%—' 1 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping. • - ' • --
BECO!CD. 113— Newly furnished; reasonable and
r respectable; very convenient and quiet.
VALENCIA, 1222— Sunny sJcore room; fur-
nished, light housekeeping; gas: bath; near
depot. "
¦A~BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
witwcrlptions has been established at lost
Valencia gt. . •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rercived at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
IIOOSJS TO LET Furn. and Infurn.
AllLUOKN" HOTEL, SZl Grant are.— Best dol-
• lar a day Tamily hotel in city; polite attend-
= eno*; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms COe up: first -class meals 25e; free coach.
¦ A— BRUNSWICK Ho.u*e, 148 Sixth— Rooms 25c
to II per night; $1 25 to II per week, and light
housekeeping; open all eight.
ROOMS TO LET— Kara, and Unfaro.
BURNETT7^74^^Msjrket "(old° No. 1364)— Fur 1 -
nlshed rms., euites, tingle; a' so unfurnished.
BUSH. ' E20 (The Elk>— Nicely furnished sunny
¦rtns; day, 25c up; wk.. «1 60 up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
ELLIS. 639, corner Larkln— Bay-window alcove,
mantel, kitchen, gas atove; single. or en suite.
GEARY. 405(The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms: Eultesor Elngrle; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN Gate ave., G22— 1 Flngle .eunny front
room: clean and : comfortable.
GRAND 'SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and .Mission Ets. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' rarlor;. reading-room; elevator.
GROVE, 804— Three unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; nice and cunny.
JKSSIK.- 363. hear Emporium — Furnished rooms,
. 15; lnrge one for two persons, J7.
I.ARKIN, IOC!— Sunny furnished front room;
gas; bath: IS:
LAS PALMAS. If 23 Market St.— Suite or 2 or 3
ras; private; bath; sin. rms; board optional.
LEAVENWORTH. 41S— Large front sunny al-
cove suite; .modern; rent reasonable.
LEWIS place.' 18— furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let; single or en suite.
MINNA 6«7. cor.- Eighth— Nicely furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. Si a week up; 35c a day up.
O' FARRELL. 20— Bunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day. wk., mo.
POLK. «9— : Elegantly furnished sunny suit
with bath. y
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, -per night, 35c to JIM; week, J2 to
JS; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALB House, 319 and *21 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1: week. 11 26 to J4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEVENSON. 631>iB-A lady wishes gentle-
maa roomer, with or without board.
SUTTER. 220H— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated: single rooms, $S: suites. 112 to {25 mo.
Tl*RK, 126— Furnished sunny front room ralt-
eble for 2 gentlemen or man and wife.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ajid
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt Call branch of floe. 2200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AT . the eld Stevenson mansion, opp. -Grace
Church, with annex £07 California St., may
be found a tnest exceptionally Kood table, at-
tractive and Elg-htly rooms at modest rates.
ELLIS, f 37— Sunny bay-window room, with
board, for two gentlemen.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — 2 or 2 furnished rooms for house-
ket-plng. Box fry. Call office. .
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing' guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, Fold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 6.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage acd moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st;
tel. Main IMP: chipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS A.\D SUPPLIES.
G^EAinBARGAINS IN^Y^KWRITERS^We
Eell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 53S California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS barg*alns In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to U ft M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery et.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
tTnlted States or Canada one year for II.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
SHERIFF'S SALE— HUGH H. BEGGS. plain-
tiff, vs. AGNES V. NOLAN, defendant. Sale
Justice's Court, No. 14,4*7. Execution:
Under and by virtue of an execution. Issued
out of the Justice's Court of the city and coun-
ty of San Francisco, Etate of California, on the
Si day of November, A. T3. 1S00. In the above
entitled action; wherein HUGH H. BEGGS.
the above named plaintiff, obtalned-a Judgment
against AGNES V. NOLAN, defendant, on the
ISth day of September, A. D. 1900, which eald
Judgment was recorded In the Clerk's office of
eaid court, I am commanded to sell all the
right, title and interect of tha above named
defendant. AGNES V. NOLAN, In and to all
that certain lot. piece or parcel of land, situ-
ate, lying and being in the city and county of
Ban Francisco, State of California, and bounded
and described as follows:
Commencing at tha southwest corner of Sac-
ramento and Fillmore streets, running thence
southerly along the westerly line of Fillmore
etreet. 1i feet and S Inches; thence at tight an-
gles westerly 108 feet and 3 Inches; thence at
light angles northerly and parallel with Fill-
more street TS^feet and 6 Inches: and thence at
right angles easterly 106 feet and 3 Inches to
the point of commencement.
Public notice Is hereby given that on Fri-
day, the 11th flay of January, A. D. 1901, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, in front of the New
City Hall. Larkln street wing. In the city and
county of Ban Francisco, I will. In obedience
to said execution, sell all of the right, title and
Interest of the above named defendant, AGNES
V. NOLAN, In and to the above described
property, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary to ralsa sufficient money to satisfy said
Judgment, with Interest and costs, etc., to the
highest and best bidder, for lawful money of
the United States.
JOHN LACKMANN. Sheriff.
Ean Francisco, December 20. 1M0.
E. M. MASSEY.
Room 502, Claus Bpreckels building, San Fran-
clsco. Attorney for Plaintiff.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS
FOR
PAPER FOR THE PUBLIC PRINTING AND
BINDING.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received until
January 10, J901, at 10:30 o'clock A. M , for
furnishing the PAPER for the PUBLIC
PRINTING and BINDING for the year ending
28th of February. 1902, the said, proposals to
be opened before and the award of contracts to
tr« made by the Joint Committee of Congr^i
on Public Printing to the lowest and best bid-
der for the Interest of the Government, the
committee reserving to itself the right to re-
ject any and all bids, as its Judgment of the
best Interests of the Government may dictate.
Detailed schedules of tha description, quan-
tity, and quality of the paper required, accom-
panied by samples and blank proposals, and
firing the regulations with which bidders must
comply, can be obtained by addressing F. W.
Palmer. Public Printer, Washington, D. C.
The contracts will be entered into for supply-
ing such quantities of paper as may be needed
Curicg the year, and no more.
Th» estimated cuantltiei aet forth In detail
In the schedule comprise:
£0.100 reams machine-finish printing paper,
24x18.
20,000 reams machine-finish printing paper,
24,600 reams elzed and super-calendared
white or tinted printing paper, va-
rious sizes.
£1,000 reams whlta writing paper, various
sices and weights. ; .>-. .- -
4,830 reams colored writing paper, various
elzes and weights.
2,000 reams cover paper, various sizes and
weights. Q
C0.000 pounds of best plate paper.
200,000 pounds of best map paper.
£00,000 pounds superfine (double) coated book
paper.
1,600 reams manlla paper, various sizes and
weights. 0 _
100,000 pounds bond paper.
20,000 pounds artificial parchment, varioui
elzes.
4,000 pounds parchment deed.
110,000 sheets cardboard, various colors sizes.
and weights.
2,100,000 sheets bristol board, various colors
sizes, and weights.
f.000- reams first-class ledger paper, white or
blue, laid or wove, various sizes and
weights.
11,200 reams second-class ledger paper, white
or blue, laid or wove, various sizes
and weights.
4,700 reams tissue and copying* paper
25 reams blotting paper, any required
color and weight.
295 reams plaid, marble, and comb paper,
various sizes. -"* -
550 reams typewriter paper, various sizes
and weights.
1,115 reams cap, letter, and note paper.
100 reams white French folio, 17x22.
2.000 ahectf parchment, 15x21.
Proposals will be received for one thousand
reams or more.
By direction of the Joint Committee of Con-
gress on Public Printing:
F. W. PALMER,
Public Printer.
WASHINGTON. D. C. December 20, 1900.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. January 2, 1901.—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock, a. m., January.
22, 1&01, and then opened, for construction of
Hospital Steward's Quarters at Fort McDow-
ell, Cal. Government reserves right to reject
or accept any. or all bids In whole or In part.
Preference given to articles of domestic pro-
duction, conditions of price and quality (In-
cluding in the price of foreign productions the,
duty thereon) bPlng e<3ual, and such prefer-
ence gjven to article* of American production
produced on the Pacific Coast, to extent of con-
Fumptlon required by the public service there.
Information furnished on application to 3:
M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster Gen-
eral, Chief Q. M. MBWBBaWMi
SPECIAL XOTICES.
BAN FRANCISCO. Dec 81, 1900-The secretary
of the San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum Society, situated on Haight street, hereby
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have been received
at the institution from July 1, 1900, to Janu-
ary L 1901: Julia Reese. .14 yrs. 4 mos.; Annie
Hanike, 6 yrs. 11 mos. ; Mary W. Peterson. 11
yrs. 8 mos. : Mary P. Scott, 7 yrs. 5 mos. ;
Mary E. Cummlngs, 4 yrs. 4 mos.; Hilda Olsen. i
J2 yrs. 10 mos.: Annie E. Zwaal, 6 yrs. 4 mos.;
Herman Hanike, 8 yrs. 8 mos.; Willie Itan-
kln, 14 yrs. 9 moo.; Charles A. Peterson, 9
yrs. 5 mos. ; Hugh Cavanaugh* 7 yrs. 7 mos. ;
Clarence Cavanaugh, 6 yrs. : William J. Scott,
» yrs. 2 mos.; Edward Cummlngs, 8 yrs. 2
mos.; Charles J. Zwaal, 6 yrs. 1 mo.; Harold
F. Elliot. 7 yrs.; John H. Hansen. 9 yrs. 2
mos.- Richard J. Nlcholdson. 7 yrs. 4 mos.,
and Stewart H. Elliot, 6 yrs. 6 mos.
LADIES— Chlchester Knglish Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
eend 4c stamps for particulars; '/Relief for
Ladies" In letter by return mall; at drug-
•glEts. Chlchegter Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
416 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5E80.
SLOT MACHINES.
SLOT machines— Latest style; 140 each. 1187
Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth. • •' :
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDENb NOTICE-Caltfornia^SaTe^iDeposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery ets.— For ths six months ending
December 31. 1900. dividends have been de-
clared on deposits In the savings department
of this company as follows: On term de-
pesits at the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per an-
num, and on ordinary deposits at the rate of
3 per cent per annum, free of taxes, and pay-
able en and after Wednesday, January 2.
1901. Dividends uncalled for are added to the
principal and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal from and after January L
1901. J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager. ¦
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. A dividend. No. 25, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, 430 Califor-
nia street, San Francisco, on January 10, 1901-
Transfer bocks close January 3. 1901; at noon.
A. A. SPARKS.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion, 222 Sansome St.. has for the year end-
Ing December SL 1900, declared a dividend of
6 per cent per annum on ordinary deposits
and 6 per cent on term deposits.
WM CORBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Security Savings Bank. 223
Montgomery st.. Mills bTJildlng— For the half-
year ending December 81, .1900, dividends on
term deposits at the rate of three and six-
tenths (3 6-10) per cent per annum, and on or-
dinary deposits at the rate of three (3) per
cent per annum, free of taxes, will be pay-
able on and after January 2, 1901.
S. L. ABBOT JR., Secretary.
OFFICE of The Hlbernia Savings and Loau
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
ets. San Francisco, Dec. 28, 1900. — At a reg-
[ ular meeting of the Board of Directors of thin
-Society, held this day, a dividend has been
declared at the rate of three and one-eighth
(3WO per cent per annum on all deposits for
the six rarnth9 ending December 31, 1900, fre*
from all taxes, and payable on and after
January 2. lfiOl.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
SAVINGS and Loan Society. 101 Montgomery
St., corner of Sutter— The Board of Directors
declared a dividend for the term ending De-
cember 31. 1900, at the rate of three and one-
Quarter (3 J ,i) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, and payable on and after
January 2. 1901. Dividends not called for are
added to, and bear the same rate of dividend
as. the principal, from and after January L
1901. CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Savings Bank of
Ban Francisco. 33 PoBt st. — For the half year
ending December 31. 1900, a dividend has been
declared at the rate cf three (3) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Wednesday. January 2, 1901.
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary st.— The directors have declared a divi-
dend of 3'i per cent per annum on Its de-
posits, payable on and after January 2, 1901.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following" marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Carl F. Jacobson, 24, and Ella M. Lewis, 22,
both of this city.
John McGrath, 68, and Mary J. Young, 40,
both of this city.
Philip Beechele, 65. of Ban Jose, and Frleder-
lka Roeeler. 57. of this city.
Edward Lagan, 32, 1001 Van Ness avenue,
and Margaret Reeve, 25, Portland Or.
Charles A. King, 27, 17A Sixth street, and
Edith M. Smldth, 24, 125 Morris avenue.
Joao de Abreu, 45, and Maria da Gloria, 45,
both of Rio Vista.
Frederick A. Adams, 23, and Thekla W.
Blckel, 23. both of this city.
Franklin Faseett, 37, 733 Folsom street, and
Mary A. Dugan. 24, 746 Mission street.
Charles Ruf, 28. 2769S Harrison street, and
Katie Duffy. 20. 2911 Twenty-third street.
John Soelter. 26, 1114 Union etreet, and Mary
Bergk, 2L 1114 Union street.
William J. Dexter. 23, 244 Taylor street, and
Jessie M. Carrlger, 22, 1810V& Lyon street.
David C. Culo, 30, and Maria J. Jacobson. 27.
both of San Jose.
Ray J. Woodward, 23, of Fresno, and Balda
G. Dealey, 21, of this city.
Frederick W. Cawthorne, M. 1007 Powell
street, end Jessie M. Stelnmann. 24. 1007 Pow-
ell etreet.
Joseph W. Goostree, 4L and Mary Glennio, $6,
both of this city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices «ent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with th« name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
COLEMAN— In Berkeley, December 21. 1900, to
the wife of W. S. Colcman, a daughter.
KELLETT— In this city, December 81, 1300, to
the wife of Fred B. Kellett, a daughter.
KALINOWSKY— In this city. January 1, 1901,
to the wife of Otto Kallnowsky, a son.
BASS — In this city, December 29, 1900, to the
wife of Frederick Sana, a son.
MARRIED.
GOLDSTEIN— COHEN— In this city, Novem-
ber ::£.. 1900. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, 8. A.
GoldHtein and Dora Cohen, both of this city.
ISRAEL— MARTIN— In this city. December 31,
l?00, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Joseph Israel
and Hannah Martin, both of this city. '
LAZANSKY— STARK— In this city. December
25. 1900, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Oscar Laz-
ansky and Tillle Start, both of this city.
L1V1NGSTON-GREENBERG— In this city,
January 1, 1S01, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Sam-
uel Livingston of Oakland and Lillian H.
Greenberg of this city.
SCHILLER— COHN— In this city. December 21,
1JO0. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, George M.
Schiller and Bertha Cohn, both of this city.
SUMMERS— DOUGLAS— In this city, January
1. 1&01, by the Rev. F. K. Baker, Harry s.
Summers of Sacramento and Ethelbert Doug-
las of this city.
ZEILE— SHADE—In this city, December 81.
1900. by the Rev. William H. Rice, George D.
ZEILE and Bella Shade, both of this city.
— DIED —
Befcuchkmp, Caroline M&glnnis. Elizabeth
Boyle. Lawrence Marlnl, Domltllla
Cowle, Henry Mullane, Walter
Deluging, Titus Murphy, Michael
Dimmer, N. McKay. John D.
Falrbank. Jonathan McDonald. Katherine
Gaynor. Cathenn* McDonough, Annie
Hynes. Mary '¦ - ; * Nelson. Andrew
Hartmann. Henry O'Connell. Hanora M.
Harde. William L. O'Connell. James •
Heler. John J. Page. Fredrick B.
Jenkins. Elizabeth Peterson, Mary
Jefikol.'John R. Rlsley, Hesadlch
Jane Ryan, Jeremiah
¦ Leon. Ralph BarsBeld, Mary
Lovett. George Slevln, Mary
Lemperle, Charles Spooler, Julia
Lund. Christian Tatum. Minna P.
>lalon«*y, Michael J. Walter, Lizzie
Malmgren, Swen P.
BEAUCHAMP— In this city. January 2, 1J01,
Caroline M., beloved wife of Richard Beau-
champ. ' and beloved mother of Mrs. J. B.
Muirhead. Mrs. John Brown, Mm. J. Rich-
ards, George N. and Sunan Beauchamp, a na-
tive of London, England, aged 73 years, 9
months and 15 days. (Victoria and Toronto
papers please copy.).
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 34 Larkln street, thence to Odd Fel-
lows' Chapel, where services will be held.
Interment I. O. O./F. Cemetery. '.
BOYLE— In this city. January 2, 1901, at the
residence of his parents, 795'.4 Stevenson
. street, near Ninth, Lawrence, dearly beloved
son of Patrick and Mary Boyle, and brother
of Harry, .Rosle and the late Annie Boyle,
a native of San Francisco, aged ¦ 1 year 4
months and 1C days.
COWIB-In this city, January 2, 190L Henry,
beloved son ot James and Annie Cowle, and
brother of Dorothy and Annie Cowle, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 7 montha and
6 daj.s.
DEUSSING— In this city, January L 1901, Titus
Deusslng, husband of Amerlque Deusslng, and
father of Verona and May Deusslng, a native
of Germany. A member . of Olympic Lodge
No. 127. A. O. U. W.
ZT1 he funeral will take place this day
(Thursday). Interment, private. ,
DIMMER— In this city. January 1, 1901, N.
Dimmer, beloved husband of Julie Dimmer,
father ot J. and A. Dimmer, and nephew of
E. Robinet, ' a native of Luxembourg," aged
61 years and IS days.- A member of La f?o-
7. . U. A. O. D., and Hartnagle Chapter - No.
3. U. A. O. D. ¦ .-.-. ,
E7FTlends and acquaintances are . respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his ' late rest-
. dence, 1119 Washlnrton street, thence to Ma-
Bonlc Temple, Post street, where services will,
be held under the auspices of . La Parfalte
Union Lodge No. 17, F. and A. M. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
FAIRBANK— In Oakland. January 2, 1901.
Jonathan Falrbank, a native of I Sudberg,
Mass., aged 63 years 8 months and 5 days.
GAYNOR— In this city, January 1. 1901, Cath-
erine Gaynor, beloved mother of Mrs. / Mary
Levey, and grandmother of Alice, Ttllle and
Kdgar Levey, a native of County Longford.
Ireland, aged 68 years.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 676 Linden avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner of Fell and Fillmore
. streets, where a requiem mass will be cele-
i brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
' at 9 o'ciock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HYNES— In this city. - January 2. 1901.' Mary,
belcvea wife of Michael Hynes. and mother
of Mrs. Mathiaa Smith, Anastia Hynea and
the late Katie, Thomas F. and Frances
Hynes, a native of County Waterf ord, Ire-
land, -need 4S years. '
inyKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 20% Welsh street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 9
• o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HARTMANN— In this city, January 1, 1501, at
the residence of his daughter. Mrs. Daniel
Franck, 5 South Broderick street, Henry, be-
loved husband of the late Elizabeth Hart-
mann. and loving father of Mrs. W. H. Wor-
den and Mrs. Daniel Franck of San Francisco,
Mrs. Louis Dammasch of Portland, Or., Mrs.
H. C. Schacht of Seattle and Charles Hart-
mann of Sacramento, a native of Germany,
aged 70 years 2 months and 10 days. A mem-
ber of California Lodge No. 1, I. O. O. F.,
and San Francisco Turn Verein.
07 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F. Hall,
corner Market and Seventh streets, where
services will be held under the auspices of
. California Lodge No. 1, I. ,O. O. F. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HARDE— In this city. January J, 1901, William
L., beloved son of Meetta Harde, and brother
of Bernhard Harde, Mrs. J. Howe, Mrs. N.
Bullerdieck and Mrs. J. D. Slemers. a na-
tive, of Oldenburg, Germany, aged 41 years
9 months and 4 days.
HEIER— In this city, December 31, 1900, John
J. Heler, beloved father of Henry Heier,
Mrs. Charles Hunt and Mrs. Frank Schu-
macher, a native of Germany, aged 43 years
and 6 months.
£T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Shiels Hall,
82 CFarrell street, where the services will
be held, under the auspices of the Nord-
deutscher Verein. Remains at the parlors of
Theo. Dierks, 967 Mission street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JENKINS— In Vallejo, January 1, 1901, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of ¦ Griffith Jenkins, and
eister of Mrs. E. Burdett and James Attrldge,
a native of Ireland, aged 78 years.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral- services
this day (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at St.
Frances" Church, corner Vallejo street and
Montgomery avenue.' Interment Holy Croas
Cemetery.
JENKEL— In this city. January L 1901, John
Rudolph, dearly beloved and only child of
John R. and Kmma Jenkel, and grandson of
Mr. and Mrs. J. Cordes.a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 9 months and 22 days.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 3428 Twentieth street, between
Mission and Howard. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
KELLY— In this city, January 2. 1901, at her
residence, 410 Franklin street. Jane, beloved
sister of the late Patrick Kelly, a native of
County Armagh, Ireland, aged 67 years.
LEON— In this city, January 2. 1901, Ralph, be-
loved husband of Hulda Leon, and father of
. Mrs". I. Gellert and Samuel R. Leon, a native
of Manchester, Krik-land. aged 66 years and
S months. (Los An%eles papers please copy.)
$y Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (FYlday),
at 10 o'clock, at 212S Bush street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 a. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets. .
LOVETT— In the City and County Hospital.
January 2, 11)01. George Lovett. a native of
California, aeed 23 years.
LEMPERLE— In this city, January 2, 1901.
Charles William Lemperle, beloved husband
of Katherlne Lemperle, and father of Mrs.
Katie Iversen and Willie Lemperle, a native
of Wuttenberg, Germany, aged 70 years and
9 days.
OTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
LUND— In this city, January 2. 1901, Christian,
beloved son of Captain H C. and Nellie G.
Lund, a native of San Francisco, aged 5
months and 2S days. . ' ,
MALOXEY— In this city. January 2, 1901, Mich-
ael Joseph, beloved son of James and Esther
Maloney, and brother of John, Thomas, Peter
and James Maloney and Mrs. T. J. Garrity,
Mrs. Joeeph Woods and Mrs. B. Malone, a
native of Rathancan. i County Klldare, Ire-
land, aged 22 years and 8 months.
£C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 16 De Tioom Btreet. off Second, be-
tween Bryant and Brannan. thence to St.
Brendon's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose ot
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MALMGRDN— In this city. January 1, 1901.
Ewen P. Malmgrec. aged 49 years and 11
months.
tcyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen & Co., 228 McAllister street.
MAGINNIR — In South San Francisco. January
1, 1901. Elizabeth Maglnnis. dearly beloved
wife of Christopher Maglnnis, and beloved
mother of Christopher B., John A., Francis
J.. Leo, Martin. Charles and the late Sarah
and Alej^inder Maginnls. a native of Center-
ville, Camden East, in Canada West, aged U
years 2 months* and 23 days.
JCTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), /at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1735 Fifteenth avenue, south, between
N and P streets, south, thence to All Hal-
low's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MARINI— In this city. January 2, 1J0L Doml-
tllla, dearly beloved wife of Nicola Marlnl,
and beloved mother of Frank, Maggie, Louisa,
Annie, Rosie. Jennie, Mamie and the late
Michael L. Marini, a native of Italy, aged
66 years. >
MURPHY— In Oakland, December 81, 1900.
Michael Murphy, beloved husband of the late
Mury Murphy, and father of Mrs. J. Cor-
dona. a native of Ireland, aged SO years.
(CFYlPnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 .o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 6S6 Myrtle street. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland. ¦
MULLANE— In this city, January 1, 1901, Wal-
ter Mullane. dearly beloved son ot Michael
and Roee Ann Mullane, and brother of Kridle
Mullane, a native of San Francisco, aged 9
years and 6 months.
(tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at. 11 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 368H Eleventh street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McDONOUGH— In 'this city, January 2, 1901.
Annie, beloved daughter of Annie and the
late Mathew McDonough. a native of Virginia
City, Ne\-.. aged 23 years and 9 months. (.Vir-
ginia City papers please copy.)
ETRemalns at the parlors of Carew & En-t
gllsh, 41 Van Ness avenue. Notice of funeral
hereafter. •
McKAY— In this city. January 2, 1901, John D.,
younge6t and beloved son of George and Mar-
garet McKay, and brother of Lizzie ar.d
George McKay, a native of San Francisco,
aged 14 days.
McDONALD— In the City and County Hospital,
January 2, 1901, Katherine McDonald, a na-
tive of Canada, aged 41 years.
NELSON— In this city, January 1. ¦ 190V Andrew,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Nelson, a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 76 years and 7 months.
President of the California Transportation
Company. . »
IC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the Howard-
street M. B. • Church, where services will be
held. Interment private.
O'CONNELL— In this city. January t, 1901, at
. Our Lady's Home, 83 Rincon place, Hanora
M. O'Connell, beloved mother of D. O'Oon-
n»H, Mru. Mary McNamara and Mrs. T. J.
Toole, a native of County. Clare, Ireland,
arr»d J2 yfars. \
C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the Chapel of
the Passion, attached to St. Mary's Hospital,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemfttry.
O'CONNELL— In this city. January 2, 1901.
James O'Cornell, aged 78 years.
K3T The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
• his sister, Mrs. M. " Mulcrevy. Interment
¦ ' private. . •* : .
PAGE— In this city. Frederick B. Page, a na-
tive of Sydney, Australia, aged 35 years 8
months and 15 days. . ¦
PETERSON— In this city, January 2, 1901,
at her late residence. 258 Clinton Park. Man',
beloved wife of George W. Peterson, dearly
beloved mother of George. Irene, Robert. Ade-
laide, Verna and Harold Peterson and the late
' Isabel Peterson, and beloved daughter of the
late Daniel i and Elizabeth O*Neil, a native
of Ban Francisco.
RISLEY— In Alameda, * January 1. 1901, Hesa-
dlch. beloved husband of Mary B. : Rlsley, and
father of Mrs. Jennie Simmona of Calistoga,
Homers Rlsley and Mrs. . M. . M. Forte of San
Francisco, a native of New Jersey, aged 79
years 6 months and 4 days. : . ; :¦:>.
RYAN— In this city. January 1, 190L Jeremiah
Ryan, beloved father of Mrs. M. Farrell, a
native of Ireland. (Chicago papers "please
copy.)- '.-' -¦ •::.": • ¦ ¦ • . . ¦ '• .. ¦; ;.-•
E^Fi-lends . and acquaintances • are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 247 Eleventh street, , thence to St. • Jo-
seph's Church. Tenth 'street, .where a requiem
high mass will' be celebrated. for the repose
5 HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
/(Successor to Flanuagan &'' Gallagher.) . ".'
¦s - DANIEL P.DONOVAN,- Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
•• . £0 Fifth et., opposite Lincoln ; School.
• '- Telephone South 80. " '-¦ ¦
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
S ARSFIELD— In ihls city, January 2. 190L
Marj-, beloved wife of the late Michael Sars-
. field, a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged
78 years. . .
E7Remains at the parlors of Carew & En-
glish, 41 Van Ness avenue. Notice of funeral
hereafter.
SLEVIN— In this city. January 2. 190L Mary,
beloved wife of th© late Owen Slevln. a na-
tive of Wisconsin, aged 53 years. - .
SPOOLER— In this city, January 2, 1901. Julia,
beloved wife of Henry Spooler, and mother
of Mary, Henry,' Willie and Edgar Spooler,
and sister of Mrs. Martin Brannan, a native
of County Galway, Ireland, aged 44 years.
TATUM— In this city, January 1, 1901, Minna
Parsons Tatum, beloved wife of Henry L.
Tatum, a native of New Brunswick, N. J.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Tiiurcday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2525 Pacific avenue. Interment private.
•WALTER— In this city, January 1. 1901, Lizzie
beloved wife of Albert Walter, a native of
Waukeshore, Wis., aged 44 years 9 months
and 22 days. '
(E7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
I Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran. 7:J0 a »:00a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton . 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p S:OS a
" Hanford . 4:22 j> 3:27 p 7:0« a
'¦ Vlsalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:05 a
" Bkafleld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morninff. p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping: Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakcrsfield for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No eecond class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m.'ls Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives 11:05 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, itith
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-*
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— «41 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land. / -p:r,-^:^--:
MEXICAN
INTERNATIONAL RAILROAD.
EAGLE PASS ROUTE.
THE SHORTEST STANDARD GATJGE
LINE AXD FASTEST TIME BETWEEN
PRINCIPAL . CITIES IN THE UNITED
STATES AND MEXICO.
NO C11WM5E OF CARS AT THE FRONT-
IER. 'THROUGH* PULLMAN BUFFET
SLEEPING CARS DAILY BETWEEN NEW
ORLEANS AND THE CITY OF MEXICO.
MONTEREY AND DURANGO. DIRECT
LINE TO MONTEREY, DURANGO. ZACA-
TECAS. AGUAS CALIENTE3. SAN LUI3
POTOSI. GUADALAJARA AND CITY OF
MEXICO. ALL TRAINS MET AT THE
FRONTIER BY REPRESENTATIVE OF THE
PASSENGER DEPARTMENT TO ATTEND
TO INSPECTION OF BAGGAGE, EXCHANGE
OF MONEY, ETC. i
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CALL ON
OR ADDRESS ANY AGENT . OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY. OR
i C. K DUNLAP,
General Freight and Passenger Agent.
I C. ' PORFIR1O DIAZ. Coah, Hex.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausqllto Ferry.
Commencing September 10.' 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. »3:15. Jl:00 a. m.. 1:45.
VOX, 4:00, 6:15. *6:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. '10:00. *ll:30 * a. m., 1:15,
3:15, »4:45. 6:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Qnsntln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:20. •«:«>, 7:45. 9:30 a. to..
•12:30. 1:45. »3:20. 4:30. 5:20 p. m. _
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at CMS and 10:20 p. ta./
.SUNDAYS— 6:20. *S:00. •10:00. »11:4S a. ra..
•1:40. *t:i:>. 4:45, »6:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY. TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, \8:45, 7:53, 9:30 a, m..
12:25. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54. 6:29 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:19 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:06 a. m.. 13:06, 8:13, l;sa,
5:00, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
. 1:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomalea and way
stations.
MOUNT TAMALPA1S RAILWAY
Leaves'san Francisco, via Sansalito Ferry:
WEEK DAYS.. ..9:15 a. m.: 1:45 and 4:00 o. ml
SUNDAYS ..IM.- 10:00. 11M and 1:1* p. m.
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Rttura.
$140. ¦ : •>
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 NOW OPE*.
Ticket of flees. O Market at. Eausallto Ftrrr^THE BOLD THIEF CAUGHT IN THE ACT OF ROBBING A TRUNK IN A HOUSE ON MONTGOMERY AVENUE.
AND THE WOMAN WHO GRAPPLED WITH HIM AND WHOSE PERSISTENCE FINALLY LEAD TO HIS
CAPTURE.
In the game of life many a trick Is
taken with the trump of fame.
Host everyone who has whiskey for sale
compares Its virtues to Jesse Moor* "AA"
whlekey. - ',
Victory '. for the Bank;
United States Circuit: Judge Morrow
yesterday denied the motion, to appoint a
receiver, in the case of Frances " J. p.
Moore vs. ' the Bank of : British Columbia,
and ordered the, bill dismissed. , .
Arrested on Suspicion.
Peter Nawn, an ex-City Prison "trusty,"
was arrested yesterday by r>etective Rey
nolds on suspicion of having stolen some
Jewelry which he was trying to sell to a
Kearny-street pawnbroker. . He will be
ht;ld»pendingr further Investigation.
Assessor's Poll Tax Commission.
; The Auditor has made his final settle-
I mint with the Assessor regarding poll tax
j sales during the year. It shows that the
Assessor is credited with $15,302 53 .as com
missions on poll tax collections. The
Supreme Court will reader a decision on
appeal as to whether the Assessor is
legally entitled to poll tax commissions.
A Tremendous Crowd.
What a great crowd there was yester
day all day in spite of the bad weather at
the^flrst day of the great challenge sale
at Pattosien Company! Everybody was
pleased. It, is wonderful. Real Brussels
carpets are selling at; 45c per yard. Car
fare paid to all buyers to and : from the
store, corner Sixteenth and Mission sts. •
TAHITI ENJOYING
LIVELY TIMES
Consul J. Lamb Doty Ar
rivts on Australia and
Is Enthusiastic.
J. Lamb Doty, Consul of the United
States In Tahiti, arrived yesterday on the
Australia and Is stopping at the Occi
dental Hotel. When seen last night he
was enthusiastic over the prospects of the
Island now there was regular connection
with San Francisco by a line of steamers.
Doty has been a resident of Tahiti
for the last twelve years. He has this
to say about the islands:
"Business will now boom in Tahiti for
several reasons. The merchants down
there will be able to order goods in San
Francisco and receive them in thirty days,
while in thft past all these goods had. to
be brought in sailing packets. We shall
be able to ship up fruit to San "Francisco
which will be a new industry for us. W e
made the attempt to send fruit about ten
years ago by the packets but it was a
failure It Is very evident .what a big
thing this fruit industry will be for us
when you know that when the Australia
arrived in port to-day she brought the
largest consignment of fruit ever brought
to this city. Most of It consisted of pine
apples. •¦ ¦'¦"•
"The natives down In Tahiti are en
lightened. This Is due to the splendid
educational opportunities offered them by
the French Government, which owns the
Islands. They are all a happy, prosperous
people. I am sure that with this line of
steamships all tourists from the East
and the West will visit Tahiti.
"We hope to build a bicycle track
around the island from Papeete that will
be 120 miles long. When it is completed
It can be safely said that it will be a
100-mile ride In paradise. For anybody
who is fond of studying native life Tahiti
Is the place to visit. It Is the most beau
tiful epot on the globe."
FIRST FUNCTION
OF NEW YEAR
Opening of the Social
biason at Washing
ton, D. C.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2.— The social Bea
son of the new year at the White House
was opened to-night when the President
and Mrs. McKlnley gave a dinner in honor
of the Cabinet members and their ladies.
The table was in the. shape of a double
"T" in the state dining-room. The pre
vailing decorations were begonias and
pinks with ferns. In the east room large
wreaths of evergreen and holly were hung
over the great mirrors and garlands or
the same were twined about the white
pillars. The Marine Band furnished the
music.
Those Present in addition to President
and Mrs. McKinley were: The Secretary
of the Treasury and Mrs. Gage, the Secre
tary of War and Mrs. Root, the Attorney
General and Mrs. Griggs, the Postmaster
General and Mrs. Smith, the Secretary of
the Navy, the Secretary of the Interior
and Mrs. Hitchcock, the Secretary of
Agriculture and Miss Wilson, the Speaker
? th A e House and Mrs. Henderson, Sena
tor Allison, Senator and Mrs. Burrows
Senator and Mrs. Carter, Senator McEn
ery Senator and Miss Kean, Senator Bev
erldge. Senator and Mrs. Scott, Senator
and Mrs. Dolliver, Representative and
Mrs. Payne. Representative and Mrs
Grosvenor, Representative and Mrs. ' Hop
kins. Representative and Mrs. . Dalzefl.
Miss Root, James A. Gary and Mrs. Gary
wm'i' Abl S r £ IcKlnle y. Colonel and Mra.
W illiam Barbour, Mrs. Beale, Miss Jane
CRITICIZES HIS
MOTHER-IN-LAW
Tacoma Man Files a Unique
Divorcd Suit.
Cross Complaint in
&D«cial DiiDatch to The Call
TACOMA, Jan. 2.— Judge Carroll to-day
denied the motion of Mrs. W. H. Bran
scheid to have stricken from her hus
band's cross complaint for divorce some
incisive and uncomplimentary remarks
regarding her mother, Mrs. Eliza F. King,
a wealthy San Francisco woman.
The defendant's cross complaint, to
which objection was made by Mrs. Bran
scheid, is one of the most novel docu
ments on record In the court. It abounds
in keen and sarcastic paragraphs and the
conventional legal verbiage is discarded
to make the allusion to his wite's mother,
Mrs. Eliza King, the more cutting. . Mrs.
Branscheid, he says, is under the com
plete domination of her mother.
"Herself a widow and divorcee, having
very wrongful, peculiar, improper and
extraordinary notions of and concerning
marital relations, husbands, wives, do
mestic economy, the bearing of children,
the use of intoxicants, narcotics and other
drugs; morals, religion, pecuniary obliga
tions and the male sex In general."
That is how he describes the mother-in
law. She is, he says, possessed of $50,
000 or $60,000 In her own right and besides
has expectancies of large wealth by rea
son of being the daughter of Robert - R.
Thompson of San Francisco, who Is said
to be worth several million dollars.
It Is through fear that she will be dis
inherited by her mother, he alleges, that
his« wife has been Induced to bring her
suit for divorce. Branscheid complains
further that several weeks ago. his
mother-in-law called with an' express
wagon at the . place where he Is rooming,
during his absence at the store, and' de
manded his furniture, but his landlady re
fused to give It up and notified him. He
immediately, went home, taking a police
man along, and ordered her to leave the
premises under threat of arrest. : Bran
echeid Is a hardware dealer here.
A BOLD daylight burglar came to
grief yesterday afternoon while
plying his vocation on Montgom
ery 'avenue, through the pluck
and persistence of Mrs. L. Bo
daire, who fought him until her strength
was exhausted, supplemented by the
sprinting abilities of Special Officer Wll
iiam Thompson and Patrolmen John
Duane and Robert Silver.
Shortly before 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon Mrs. Bodaire, whose husband con
ducts a dyeing establishment at 321 Mont
gomery avenue, went upstairs to her
room. When she opened the door she was
surprised to see a man searching a trunk,
his pockets loaded with stolen property.
Mrs. Bodaire rushed at the intruder and
seized him. The man fought with her
for some time and finally wrenched him
self free and escaped from the room.
Rushing down the stairs, the burglar tried
a door leading to the sidewalk and rind
ing It locked smashed a glass light and
made his exit.
As the burglar climbed into the street
he explained to pedestrians that a mad
dog was in the house and he walked leis
urely away, but Mrs. Bodaire arrived on
the scene and shouted to several people
to stop the man, as he was a thler
When the crook saw the woman he
flashed down the street and ran into a
saloon on Broadway and out through a
rear entrance. On • Dupont street he
mounted a milk wagon and gathering up
the reins drove hastily away. The three
offlcers succeeded in overhauling him and
platelng him under arrest.
At the City Prison the man gave the
name of Joseph Brooks, which. the police
telleve to be an alias. lie had two re
volvers fully loaded in his pockets anil
a quantity of stolen property of small
value. . t
Point I^obos Club's Officers,
At tne regular meeting of Point Lqdos
Inrprovement Club held last evening the
fallowing officers were elected for the en-
FUing six months: President. O. K. Cush
ing; first vice president. H. T\ Jaudin
«econd vice president, W. C. Blllington'
recording • secretary." w. P. Johnson
financial secrttary. J. J. Cassidy; treas
urer. P. J. Ward: sergeant -at -arm*
Charles- Gn^dall;. eseemivp committee-
George R. Fletcher. E. Glnley. J. M Wil
kins, W. A. Dean, William de Wolff E
O'Connor and J. T. Williams.
. Trucks and traveling baps. Before buying- s«e
our "bureau trunk.'- A. B. Smith Co., 128 Ellis.*
PATENT DRUG KILLS
MRS. ATVTTT.TA HEY
She Swallows a Bottleful When an
Ordinary Dose Is but a
Teaspoonful.
Amelia Hey. a married woman, 43 years
old, died on New Tear"s day of cerebral
meningitis, superinduced. It Is believed, by
an overdose of a patent medicine.
On the day after Christmas Mrs. Hey
swallowed from six to eight ounces of the
drug at one dose and became
in which condition she remained until she
died.
The case was reported to Coroner Cole
yesterday, and an Inquest will be held to
determine whether the drug had been
taken with suicidal Intent, the regular
dose being one or two teaspoonfuls. -
sider Situation.
ZXHTBITS FOH BUFFALO
EXPOSITION ARE SOUGHT
Representatives of Many Associa
tions Invited to Meet and Con-
Representatives of the California Min
er's Association. Sacramento Valley De
ve!nprr:er.t Association, California Can
ners* Association. San J'-.aquin Va'Iey Com
mercial Association, Santa Clara Valley
Improvement Club. California Cured Fruit
Association. "Raisin Growers' Association
Dalrymer.f Union and the California
Packers' Association, have been invited
to meet next Tuesday with the State
Board cf Trade.
The purpose of the meeting Is to as
certain what can be done to secure addi
tional exhibits representative of the re
pources of California .o be taken to the
Pan-American Exposition at Buffalo. The
canners have already proml&ed to furni«h
a complete exhibition of California canned
fruits and vegetables from thirty-seven
canneries and will also put up the struc
ture to accommodate it.
UNITY LODGE'S SURPRISE
TO A PYTHIAN COLONEL
Novel Method of Making Presenta
tion of Token of Appreciation
for Services Rendered.
At the last held meeting of the Knights
of Pythias in Pythian Castle twelve
pa&es were given the rank of esquire
after having passed a good examination
in the page rank. Immediately after that
rank had been conferred, to the surprise
of the many present who were not in the
secret, the newly created esquires, at the
request of the master at arms, took seats
in chairs that had previously been ar
ranged in the form of a semi-circle or
crescent, after which Past Chancelor
Frank 8. Kelley introduced something not
in the ritual, and that was an explanation
of the Oriental significance of the cres-
At the close of his remarks Mr. KelUy
stated that the symbol he had explained
was not complete without a star, and
requested that the new esquires name
some one to personate the star. With one
accord they exclaimed "Richmond," and
Colcnel Albert Richmond was invited to
a seat facing the crescent. Then the past
chancelor in an eloquent address told of
the work that Colonel Richmond had done
for the Knights of Pythias generally and
Unity Lodge in particular, after which
he requested the colonel to rise in his
seat and "about face" and remove the
cover from a table that had been placed
at his back while he was being spoken
to. Thinking himself the victim of a
practical joke he hesitated, but finally
did as he was bid, and there was present
ed to his view a cut-glass salad bowl with
gold spoon and fork, which he was in-
Formed was a token of appreciation from
the lodge to him, and that the holiday
season had been selected as the proper
time to make the presentation.
The colonel in a modest speech returned
thanks and pledged himself to use all
honorable means in the future as in the
past to spread the light of Pythianlsm.
The meeting closed with good wishes for
the new year and the extending of the
glad hand.
HETAIL SHOE CfLERKS
INSTALL OFFICERS
I*arge Meetings Now Possible
Through the Success of the
Early Closing Movement.
The early closing movement inaugurated
by the Retail Shoe Clerks* Association
went Into effect last night, all the stores
closing promptly at 6 p. m. As a result
all the clerks employed In the stores were
enabled to attend the meeting of the as
sociation at 102 O'Farrell street and wit
ness the Installing of the officers elected
for the ensuing year. ,
The meeting was an enthusiastic one,
the members devoting the entire evening
to formulating plans to prevent any vio
lation of the agreement to close early.
They appreciate the efforts of their em
ployers to further their endeavor to pro
cure shorter hours and will make Individ
ual efforts to teach the public to buy
early.
Ideas on Advertising.
In an attractively prepared booklet en
titled "Morse's Agate Rule" the Lyman
D Morse Advertising Agency .of New-
York is circulating clever ideas on adver
tising for the benefit of advertisers gen
erally and Incidentally for the good of
the publishers. In what is considered so
prosy a field one would naturally expect
a drv-as-dust volume, but the compilers
have made instead a very interesting col
lection of good things and even ventured
into 'verse, of which the following Is a
sample, and apropos:
FATHER' WILLIAM'S SECRET.
fWlth apologies to Lewis Carroll and
v Southey.)
"You are old, father William," the young
"But'you've gathered in riches galore.
"Pray how did you do It, and waa it hard
;\ '.- work, . „„
"And can it be done any more?"
"In the days of my youth," father Wil
liam replied, - "
"Though I learned every, trick of my
"Until I -had learned the g-reat secret
of all ... j -
"My trousers were shabby and frayed.
"What was that great secret?" the young
man cried. ¦ \* V
Father William s expression grew wise.
"No matter," replied he, "how perfect
your goods. ¦
"To make money, you must advertise,"
The Morse Agency is one of. the largest
Institutions of the kind in America.
Mrs. L. Bodaire Surprises a. Bold Thief Robbing
a Trunk in Her Room on Montgomery Ave
nue and Seizes Him, but' Is Beaten Off
CHOOSING CIVIL
SERVICE CLERKS
Tax Collector Scott was in conference 1
trith the Civil Service Commission anJ ;
Mayor Pheian last nigjt ar.d after a long
discussion agreed to appoint his fifteen
deputies from the elitr:ble list to be cer
tified to "him bv the commission. Scott
said he would make the necessary requisi
tions-ihis morr.ing. . •
Scott's decision will result in practically
clearing hi& office of nearlv all his oM
force. Yesterday morning he appointed
sixteen experienced clerks from the eligi
ble list. Only three of his old deputies,
Salomon. Jones and McCabe. are among
the stvcnieen names ip be certified for
the liftecn deputyships:
.Richard J. Ccrtia, O*ear L. Tuttle, William
I. R^ardon. O^orjr<> A. MrCalvy. Isaac Citron.
GeoTK?- Varco^i Edwin .B. Trtpp. Edwin R.
ZJon. Frar.k JUttiirs-t«-Jn: John A. Lenahui.
FredMicfc H. Stahl«-, Benjamin I. Salomon.
Frartk R. Fir.iih. James B. Cowden. Charles H.
Squire. Joseph K. Jones, Jamfcs \V. McCabe.
Of these McCalry and Rittig^tein an?
two of the old forc« of experienced clerks
and Citron, Smith and Si3-hle were also
on the clerks' eligible list, fr"onV which the
following named assumed their duties yes
terday: . •
Frederick H. Stahle, William H. Miller.
Franc!* X. Foley.. Joseph I: Twchig. George J.
McCormlck. G^orce T. Poultr.py. Isaac Citron,
William N. "Elfendahl. Ja.ir.es L. Miller. Ed
¦w-ard \V. P. Cusheon. Rr.bert O. MilUr. Claire
T. Knerr. Frank R. -Smith. Eugene \\\ Hawley.
E<»-«rax<l C. Stackjx>l<>. Alej^ander Dijeau.
Scott earlier in the day sent a communi
cation to (he commission in which he ue
clared that be will exact a bond of $100.
000 from some of the certified to
him. It was practically decided that
when the Tax Collector demands bonds
from the deputies the reasonableness of
the bond exacted will, be considered.
While the charter provides that he may
require a bond to lndeixmify him against
loss it is claimed by the commission that
•the atnount must oe regulated by the
responsibility attached to the deputyship.
The deputies who will lose their posi
tions owing- to the introduction of civil
service in the Tax Collector's office are
\V. Valltt. J. F. Seyten, J. J. Cooney, A.
Lewald, F. Kelly; A. Devoto, H. Enkte,
J. Fitzeerald. H. Baehr. J. Boyd. E. Cas
ey and W. .T. Howe. 'Jne of the new dep
uties. J'>hn L**na.han. is now employed in
the clerks office of the Board of Super
visors. - •
Owen Kelly. -M. B. Devine and Timothy
-O'Connor, thrfe laborers who were dis
missed by .the Board of Public Works for
• alleged incompetercy, were on trial before
, the commission. The t:.ree men testified
in their own behalf and Chief Outside
Deputy McGilliVray. Foreman Brandon
¦and"M. O'N'eiH. a lal»oror. ajleg-ed that
Kelly. Devfne and O'Connor could not do
an 'ordinary day's work. The commission
postponed action until its next meeting.
Wholesale Eemovals Result From
Introduction of Merit System.
Heavy Bond ta Be Exacted
V . Fro.m Officials.
Commission.
Tax Collector Scott Accepts
. Fifteen Certificated by
WOMAN GRAPPLES WITH A BURGLAR,
WHO FINALLY BREAKS AWAY, BUT IS RUN
DOWN AND CAPTURED BY POLICEMEN
POLICE RAIDING
LOTTERY GAMES
Fan-tan, pie gow, lottery and other
games which are barred by the statutes
were In full blast In Chinatown last
night.
The faces of the fat and sleek pro
prietors of the many gambling cluba
were wreathed In smiles as they watched
the stream of patrons flowing. In and
out while uniformed , police officers
patrolled the streets of the Chinese'quar
ter and made no attempt to Interfere.
Yesterday afternoon Captain Wlttman
learned that the proprietors of several
lottery games had broken their contract
not to allow whites to visit their places,
and after a consultation with Chief Sul
livan it was decided to raid the games.
Accompanied by a formidable squad and
loaded down with heavy sledges. "Wlttman
marched into Chinatown. The first game
raided was a lottery joint at 711 Com
mercial street. The huge iron door was
battered down, but only the keeper waa
found in the place. He was at onc«
taken to police headquarters, together
with a number of marked lottery tickets,
which were found in an apparently un
used trunk. Other games at 727 Sacra
mento street, 815 Dupont, 1100 Stockton
and 39 Washington alley, were also raid
ed and the keepers placed under arrest.
At the City Prison they were charged
with conducting lottery games.
Chief Sullivan is determined to stop
the practice of white men being allowed
to visit the lottery and other games In
Chinatown.
"Under no consideration shall white
people be admitted to the Chinese
games," he said yesterday. "Heretofore
they have played at the same table with
the Chinese gamblers, but I intend to put
a stop to It. As soon as I learn that
whites are allowed in any of these places
I will immediately send a squad of my
men to the offending proprietor of the
game. The Chinese may gamble amqng
themselves, but under no consideration
will I allow the white tempters of Dame
Fortune to participate In the game."
From another source it ¦was learned
that the agreement between the Chinese
gamblers and the police Is that the whites
are to be barred from the games, and any
violation means that the Chinaman
breaking this part of the compact is to
be summarily punished.
In accordance with the scheme to li
cense gambling among the Chinese Cap
tain "Wittman yesterday swore out a
batch of warrants for the arrest of the
proprietors of the games. They will be
served to-day. The defendants will at
once be taken Into the Police Court,
where they will enter a plea of guilty.
Just what fine will be imposed the heads
of the department refused to say. but It
is understood that it will be fixed at ?I00
for each game. This will be done at the
beginning of every month and the money
turned into the city treasury.
They Allowed Whites to Visit Their
Games in Violation of Their
Agreement With Chief
Sullivan.
Action Due to the Chinese
Failing to Live Up to
the Compact. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 3, 1901.
12
Hole's.
Hale's.
SPECIAL SALE!
Thursday— Friday— Saturday.
OUR SPECIAL SALE DATS ARS
GILDED OPPORTUNITIES TO BUT •
AT PRICES WHICH DO Jf OT PRE-
VAIL LONO.
BUTTER, square ...45c
Choice creamery.
CLARET, gallon 35c
A rood old table wine.
Regularly 50c.
TABLE FRUITS, 2-lb can...... 15c
Peaches. Peara, Aprlcota and Plums.
Selected fruits in heavy syrup.
Regularly 20c
Ideal Breakfast Mush, 4 pkgs. -25c
Excels all others. Made from the
choicest Sonora white wheat. Cooks culck.
Regularly 3 for 25c
TOMATO CATSUP, pint bot — 15c
Ideal brand— best and purest.
Regularly 20c.
MALT WHISKEY, bot ...75c
"Royal brand" — recommended
for family and medicinal use.
Regularly $1 CO.
FRENCH PRUNES, 16 ..|Qc
Fancy Santa Clara French. Prnnea,
40 to the pound— very delicious.
Regularly lie. .
CIGARS, "La Reputation,"
Rothschilds. 4 for 25c. box of S0....«3.OO
Regularly 3 for 23c. box $3 50. !
Genuine Key West Cigar, made from caolo-
est Havana tobacco. • ....
COUNTRY 0RDER3 BZCZITB PBOXCT
ATTENTION. CATAL0OCE FEXS.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
Telephone. Main E523. ;-X»"..!-
|\ !^| \>- I.
CASH-OR-UTTLE-AT-A-TUra. % —
A SPECIAL OFFERING f
IN CHAIRS. /
Elegant and substantial elec- 1
trie plush upholstery, wood- €
work in mahogany finish. I
Special price ~Qin flfl 1
THE J. N00NAN V
. FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc.. \
1017-1023 MISSION STREET, .. j
Abovs 6th, San Francisco. t
PHONE SOUTH 14. I
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
•Mechanical Piano Player
¦ ".You play the Angelus and
the Angelus plays the piano."
'.'•"The Angelus is a mechanical
invention whereby anybody can
. play the piano, yet the expres-
sion, . which is the soul of I
music, is entirely controlled bv
the player, so that he can put all
of his own individuality into the
The Angelus produces any oi
these five effects: A piano play-
ing alone: an orchestral organ
\ playing alone; a piano with a
.violin effect: a. piano with a
flute effect; a piano and full or-
'\ chestral organ combined, all at
. the same time.
• ' Records of most every musi-
: cal composition written can be
Procured at a nominal cost.
rices of the Angelus from $22.1
! to $325. Free recitals at all
' times — you are welcome^ — third
i floor of Sherman. Clay & Co. —
' take elevator.
Sherman, Clay '& Co.
Steisw&y Pi&no Dealers,
; Corner Kearny ani} Butter «U.. S. K.
Comer 13th and Broadway. Oakland.
'< Corner Park and Washington «t»..
Portland.
711 Second ave. Seattle.
I^Mw' 1 1 dollar H
•^Kjllgim lySlllr f\ seventy = nine |j
fWmi^^^M/^U^e^S^M/ C6IltS« j&
A lucky trade turn brought for; us to distribute 'h
• this hundred dozen regular dollar quality ladies' 2-clasp \A
pique walking gloves, in white and the most popular yV
IH shades of brown, tan, mode and gray. • ml
||j The former owner erred in judgment by import- |\
|U ing beyond his natural outlet, but his judgment was M\
ifi &°°d i° coming to us, as the Hale house is always in mft
If Uj position to pay spot cash for new, clean merchandise to
Jjl offered under price.
; I The j?!oves are carefully made from soft, pliable skins airi xS'
j have those perfect fitting qualities which mark the jrood ji'ove— • S| .
y they are certainly worth at least a dollar a pair, and we do not HI;
A u i suppose that any of the make have ever been retailed for less, but fi$§K
I/)// we put. them -on sale to-dav at a price to interest you — per pair rNv
p • ™*m
l/j two of many splendid hosiery and ivl
Vl underwear chances. " ll|\
|z/ There are so many genuine values in these hosiery and under- ||j//|
\)JJ! wear stocks that we would be tempted to become 'eloquent in Ilii ]
¦yjl their praise were it not for the fact that we aim to understate |\\\\j
/h and never to overstate the merit of our offerings, that you may 11) |
/J be more agreeably impressed when you come to make your pur- |i! I
/// chases. . luUi
1 Ladies' heavy, seamless and Extra heavy fleece lined vests, Ji^l
elastic cotton hose with pearl pantalettes and drawers. The H?)!
ribbed tops, shaped leprs, nar- . * . . .1/1
rowed ankles and double heel* VCSts have pearl buttons and l\i
and toes— all sizes 8l4 to 10. Per every garment is nicely finished ill I
dozen pairs ?1.38. Single with covered seams. Sizes 20 l\lij
pair 12^c to 34, per garment 25c ll||
sale in the domestic store to=day. I
We wish we could tell you of all the good things our famous %
domestic department will have on sale to-day — but it's much- too v?
extended a list, so we confine ourselves to two items: VK
I 1250 yards heavy flannelette— 1800 yards 20. inch unbleached
pretty stripes on light colored canton flannel — the heavy, "^
grounds. Just rieht for nisrht- fleecy kind. The best xoc goods £s?
gowns and children's wear. Our manufactured. Our price, per
price, per yard 7o yard ,7^c VY/i
send us & ladies' \w
I mail JSf. ~~~ n^-^^ curing WA.
OrderS. Morket 8tr eet. neap Sixth, opposito 25C. *0
Golden Gate avenue. E*7>
MISCELLANEOUS.
Keep Your
Bla^i\kets
B ad soft as new, by g
H washing them in |j
Igold dust!
1 Washing Powder I
_ ___ — — —
30 Days Only,
§2Oo/
DISCOUNT
on All Plates, Crowns and
Brld&ework.
Fillings, 30c Crowns, $3.50
Plates, 65.OO Full Set
CHICAGO. DENTAL PARLORS,
;> ,24. Sixth Street.
MONARCH SHOE COMPANY FOR SALE.
The undersigned offers for sals as a whole
only, the , entire stock of boots and shoes, with
all store fixtures and good will appertaining
to the business known as "Monarch Shoe Com-
pany," located. at 1346 Market street. San
Francisco, Cal.
Store -will be closed January * and 7. 1901.
for the convenience of Intending purchasers to
examine the stock and to obtain other par-
ticulars of the buslenss.
Bids must be addressed to W. Wolf. 1346 Mar-
ket street, and will be opened January 8. 1901.
2:00 p. m.
No bids will be considered or entertained un-
less • accompanied by a certified check of 10 per
cent of the proas amount offered, returnable in
case of rejection of bid.
dlmgnulty:
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
I Specialist eur«* Blood Poison. Oonorrbcea.Gleet,
Strlcturn, Wemlniil Weakness, Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Boole on Diseases of Men, free.
Ov*r20 YearVexpeiHence.Termi reasonablo. Hour*,
9to3dally;6:30 to 3. 30ev'Bs. Sunday*. 10 to K. Consul-
tation (reeand sacredly conflden UaL Call or address
P. RO8COE MeXCLTY, SI. D.
26 y t Kearny St.. San Francisco, Cut.