SAN FRAJS T CISCO, THURSDAY, JANUARY 10, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Message Passing Between M. Delcasse and Count
Lamsdorff Is Declared to Be Corroboration
of the Stories Recently Circulated in Europe
ALLIANCE OF RUSSIA
AND FRANCE IS NOW
PRACTICALLY ENDED
Different Versions Published of His Address to the
Pop?, but It Is Said He Permitted Religious
Enthusiasm to Exceed Bounds of Prudence
CRITICISM OF THE DUKE
OF NORFOLK FOR REMARKS
ON TEMPORAL FOWER
COUNT VLADIMIR NICOLAYEVITCH LAMSDORFF. SUCCESSOR TO
COUNT MURAVIEFF AS RUSSIAN MINISTER FOR FOREIGN AF
FAIRS.
DUKE OF NORFOLK, WHO HAS ALLOWED HIS RELIGIOUS ENTHUSI
ASM TO EXCEED THE BOUNDS OF PRUDENCE. THE DUKE RE
SIGNED AS POSTMASTER GENERAL TO GO TO SOUTH AFRICA.
NEW YORK. Jan. 9.— Miss Sadie Marti
not, the actress, who. lives at : 232 West
End avenue, appeared before Magistrate
Pool to-day, accompanied by Lawyer
Emanuel, a ¦ friend, and secured a war
rant ; for the arrest : of ¦ her stepfather,
James H. Egins. who lives ; at Crook's
Hotel ' 1 In Park row. Miss '. Martinet
charged that Egins continually visited
PANAMA. Jan. 9.— A band of guerrillas
approached the city, but on the -troops
going out to attack them they disap
peared. . ; The Government is fully pro
pared, being strongly entrenched at the
bridge next. to the railroad station and ad
vanced points.
GUERRILLAS AS DRIVEN
BACK BY THE TBOOPS
her house, called her vile names and
threatened to do her bodily harm. Egins
was arrested and held in $300 ball for ex
amination to-morrow.
Miss Martlnofs Ia3t appearance on tha
stage in this city was In "The Turtle."
Her stepfather said In court that her real
name is- Maggie Stinson. He married her
mother, in 1S73.
of deaths from It for the last week. In
Manhattan and Bronx there were only
eighteen, while for the whole city the
number w-as t f hirty-six. In Brooklyn -the
epidemic Is- a .little, more, severe, than in
other parts of the city. In January, 1S39,
there were 237 deaths fromthe grip. Al
though still in its . early stage a good
many prominent citizens have succumbed
»o the epidemic this year.-
AN EPIDEMIC OF GRIP
IN SEVERAL LARGE CITIES
LONDON. Jan. 9.— Thirty years ago
George Johnston, the millionaire "Laird
of the Fife Isle estate." near Dundee,
vowed that no man should ever see his
face again. He kept nis vow. but now he
is dead.
The Dundee correspondent of the Dally
Mail telegraphs that never once in all
that time did he set foot across the
NEW YORK. Jan. 9.— While several
large cities are having an epidemic of th©
grip in a worse form than for many years
physicians say It is a mild type of
the disease. But mild as It is the sick
ness is spreading rapidly and. the number
of sufferers is as great, or greater than
iti other years when th« death rate was
high. The mild chanwtsr of the present
tpidemlc Is at»KUwi by the small nun-fcer
SADIE MARTIN0T CAUSES
ARREST OF HER STEPFATHER
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— The departure
of the Dixie from Gibraltar for Tangier
to-day has renewed attention to the Ez
zegui case, although it is said by officials
that the visit .of the ship has no reference
whatever to the indemnity claim. It wa/s
stated at the Navy Department that no
special significance was attached to the
MOROCCO HAS NOT YET PAID
THE EZZEGUI INDEMNITY
fact that the Dixie has sailed for the
Moorish port, as it is Included In her reg
ular itinerary. She goes first to Tangier
and then across to Punchal. The Govern
ment of Morocco made a satisfactory
agreement some time ago to pay $5000 to
the claimants, but the amount has not
been received or 'distributed, so far as is
known here.
threshold of his dilapidated manor house.
A maid who cooked his scanty meals nev
er saw him. . She would ring the bell and
withdraw. Only then would Johnston
come out of his' den. He was never mar
ried, and his fortune, computed at five
millions, is said to go to his nephew,
Lieutenant- Mack .Gill Crichton, of tho
Seaforth Highlanders, now serving In the
Soudan.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. ; 9.— A N mass
meeting of citizens, of which Bishop Pot
ter of New York was the central figure,
was held in the Academy of Music to
night for the purpose of taking prelim r
inary steps in starting a general crusade
against- vice In this city. . The big build
ing was crowded, most of those present
being women. Bishop Potter, when intro
duced, was enthusiastically welcomed. He
refrained from saying muoh of the condi
tion of vice asit prevails In this city,
leaving that for local speakers to tell. He
.touched briefly on his. boyhood days,
which were spent here, and then dis
cussed in a general way the centralization
of power which he said: exists to-day in
many walks of life. He said' there Is in
the popular mind belief -that the • Judges
on the bench,' men in the' legislative halls
and the smallest politicians are, purchas-
able. That such a condition should exist,
he said, was a dishonor. ": \ . .
Bishop Potter then spoke of the great
The resolution also provides for the ap
pointment of a commission to begin a
movement for, the betterment of the pre
vailing conditions.
A resolution was adopted to the effect
that. the. citizens of Philadelphia "recog
nize that our city has fallen under the
sway of Its worst element, organized Into
a political machine which by its control
of vast revenue, the spoils of office, un
warranted use of police power and other
agencies,, afflicts us with almost every
form' of mlsgovernment.'*
Bishop Whitaker of the Protestant Epis
copal Diocese of Pennsylvania and others
also . spoke.
movement for better government started
In New York, and said that the conditions
that exist in Philadelphia are not differ
ent from those existing elsewhere. Offi
cers who betray their trust should not be
given any rest. If Philadelphia would
take up the war the city would go for
ward in the right direction.
Frisia Heading for Queenstown Un
der Reduced Steam and Tugs
* Are Sent Out.
QUEENSTOWN, Jan. S.— The German
steamer Frisla, Captain Schmidt, which
steamed from Hamburg December 23 for
Boston, is heading for Queenstown, a dis
patch from* Fastnet announced. In a dis
abled condition and under reduced steam.
Two tugs have gone out to her assistance.
GERMAN" STEAMER IS
BEPOBTED AS DISABLED
ume throughout the afternoon, while the
wind rose with It, blowing at times over
forty miles an hour. At S o'clock three
Inches of snow had fallen and In many
places drifted badly, causing much delay
In handling of street cars. Shortly after
6 the snow turned to rain and the streets
became almost Impassable for pedestrians.
The rain fell heavily until midnight.
MILWAUKEE, Jan. 9.— The first real
blizzard of the season struck this city this
evening. Up to 10 o'clock several inches
of snow had fallen. Traffic on the street
railway lines Is considerably Impede 1.
There seem, to be no signs of abatement
of the storm. _
Snow Falls and for Several Hours
Traffic Is Practically Sus
pended.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9.— One of the worst
storms of the year struck Chicago this
afternoon and raged until midnight, caus
ing much damage to telegraph and tele
phone wires and crippling: the street car
service badly. The storm began with a
light fall of snow, which Increased In vol-
across the Cape flats from False Bay to
Table Bar.
CHICAGO VISITED BY
VERY SEVERE STORM
corps which left here Saturday occupied
Plckaner's Kloof Sunday after a race
with the Boers for Its possession.
It has been ascertained that the reports
of an engagement between the corps and
the Boers at Plckaner's Kloof Sunday aro
without foundation.
Entrenchments are being constructed
Dr. Leyds, according to a dispatch to
the Dally Express from The Hague, la
organizing a band of agitators to proceed
to Cape Town and endeavor to establish
a corner In provisions.
CAPE TOWN, Jan. 8.— The cyclist
Colonel Babbington's force and the forces
of General Steynkamp at Nauwpoort,
when the burshers were forced to retire,
were twelve killed and thirty-three,
wounded.
Dr. Leyds Reported to Be Trying to
Secure a Corner on Cape Town
Provisions.
LONDON, Jan. 9.— The British casual
ties in the nghtlne January 5 between
BRITISH LOST TWELVE
MEN AT NATTWPOOBT
MILLIONAIRE JOHNSTON'S FACE
NOT VISIBLE FOR THIRTY YEARS
CHICAGO. Jan. 9.— Recollections of the
murder of Millionaire Amos J. Snell were
in all minds in Judge Tuthiirs court to
day, whin Mrs. Mary Snell-Stone began
her contest of the will of Mrs. Henrietta
Snell. Mrs. Stone, who was cut off from
the legacies by the will, declared it was
made while Mrs. Snell was of unsound
mind. . . - -
Attorney A. S. Trude. who appeared for
the defense, stated that Mrs. Stone was
not the daughter of ; A. J. Snell and had
no rights in the estate. He paid:
"This ca«e tea sad one 1 ; it has no paral
lel. Amos J.Sr.<?II was one of the pioneers
of Chicago. The chief fault of .his wife.
Henrietta Snell, was the yielding to cvory
malign Influence about, her. The defense
is that Mrs. Stone, who brought this con
test here, was not. the daughter of Mrs.
Snell. No one in the family nor 'no one
else will be produced who ever saw this
child in the family when she was one,
two, three, four or five #?ars old. This
child was the daughter of a man by the
name of Patrick Hughes. , Later,, when
children were born to Mr. and Mrs. Snell,
she was still considered one of them. Aft
er Mr. Snell was stricken by the assassin's
bullet and when she ¦ had married ¦ Mr:
Stone, she was treated as a daughter In
the distribution of property. Her hus
band, Mr. Stone, had charge of the estate.
Struoole for Procertu Recalls the'Musterious Murder
of a Chicago Millionaire,
CONTEST OF THE WILL
OF MRS. HENRIETTA SNELL
Afterward there became a difference be
tween Mrs. Snell and Mr. Stone, and this
will was made, in which Mrs. Ston« was
left out. The only allegations made
against Mrs. Snell as- to her sanity and
alleged use of profane language are made
by Willis W. Carland, now a convict In
Montana, who was for ten years employed
by Mr. Stone and also in the Snell family.
It will be shown that the acts of Mr?.
Snell, which are pointed to as evidences
of Insanity, were done, under the advice
of Carland."
The contest involves property valued nt
between J70O.0OO and $800,000. It is alleged
in the bill that Mrs. Snell was not of
sound mind when the will was drawn and
signed, and it is charged she was Igno
rant of its contents and affixed her signa
ture under compusion.
The Snell murder is one of the myste
ries which the police detectives have been
unable to solve, Mr. Snell was found
dead on the floor of one of his rooms In
his Washington-street residence. early one
morning in the spring of 18S8, with a re
volver bullet through nis heart. Police
suspicion, apparently, pointed to. William
Taccott as the murderer, and a reward
of $50,000 for his arrest was offered by
Mrs. Snell. Alleged Tascotts were cap
tured In all parts of the country, but the
real one. was never taken.
the impression which the young diplomat
made on his chief that he Intrusted him
with most important affairs' In the depart
ment, and spo"ke of his service In the most
enthusiastic terms to the Czar. When De
Giers became Minister he showed his con
fidence in the Count's ability and devo
tion in so many ways that it was one of
the current remarks among the officials
of the foreign department that the Minis
ter treated him as he would an adopted
son. Count Lamsdorff is one of the favor
ites of the Czar and the hope of the high
est functionaries of the empire. Thorough
ness, attention to detail, a deep insight
into every diplomatic sltuaton and a clear
headed," quick perception, coupled with a
gentle yet distinguished manner, aro
among the characteristic ttaits of the new
head of the Russian Ministry of Foreign
Affairs. Everything, from the most im
portant matter down to the most insig
nificant detail, passes through his hands.
Russian diplomatists speak of him as an
ideal Minister, and when Muravieff died
the Count, who was then Assistant Minis
ter and had been looked upon as his nat
ural successor, was appointed to take his
place. Count Lamsdorff is 52 years of age,
of medium height, blonde complexloned
and with dignified, pleasing features. He
is highly connected, and before he entered
upon his diplomatic career he was a mem
ber of the corps of pages at the Czar's
court.
member of the Government until last
year, when he resigned the office of Post
master General to serve as a volunteer
with the British army in South Africa.
LIBERAL PRESS INDIGNANT.
Duke's Remarks May Cause Interpel
lations in. Parliament.
ROME, Jan. 9.— The Liberal press con
tinue? to express its indignation at, the
address of the Duke of Norfolk to the
Pope^when presenting- the English pil
grims to his Holiness, taking exceptions
particularly to the Duke's declaration of a
hope that the Vatican would "one day re
gain temporal power.
Interpellations are announced on the
subject on the reopening of Parliament
and a hostile demonstration on the de
parture of the Duke is mooted.
LONDON, Jan. 9. — The Duke of
Norfolk has undoubtedly allowed
his religious enthusiasm to exceed
the bounds of prudence. Differ
ent versions are published of the
exact words which he used in his address
to the Pope yesterday on the occasion of
the I'ilgritnase to Rome of the leading
Engl!s-h Roman Catholics. According to
the K'xprrss and Mail, he expressed a
wish J or the restoration of the papal tem
poral rower, while Reuter reports that he
merely prayed for that " position of~tem-~
poral independence which the Pope had
declared necessary for the fulfillment of
the duties of his charge. In any case, the
refereiice to the temporal power was un
timely, for it is certain to wound the sus
ceptibilities of the Italian press and will
not. be liked by Protestant Kngland. The
Duke, it rhould be borne in mind, was a
Battle/Against All Forms of Vice.
After an Address bu BislioD Potter It Is Decided to
MOVEMENT IS BEGUN TO
PURIFY PHILADELPHIA
Count Lamsdorff began his diplomatic
career as an official connected with the
second department of the same branch of
the Czar's Government. Two years later
he was appointed third secretary of the
diplomatic chancellery. Advancing step by
step, he filled the office of second secre
tary, first secretary, second counselor of
the Minister of Foreign Affairs, first coun
selor, and finally assistant minister. It
was finder old Prince Gortchakof that he
served as counselor, and so favorable was
PARIS, Jan. 9. — In view of the
statement of the anti-Republican
press, corroborated by the utter
ances cf the Novoe Vremya of
St. Petersburg that the Franco-
Russian alliance is practically ended,- the
message passing to-day between the
French Minister of Foreign Affairs. M.
Delcasse, and the Russian Minister of
Foreign Affairs, Count Lamsdorff. attain
more than usual significance. M. Del
casse congratulating Count Lamsdorff on
his appointment as Minister of Foreign
Affairs recalls their close personal, friend
ship, which be believes will be utilized
for- the- intcrest#of their countries.; Count
Lamsdorff expressed a .sincere desire" to
contribute to the consolidation of the un
alterable friendship which has united the
two countries. It is noted that the word*
"alliance" or "allies" are not contained
in the dispatches. I
MARSEILLES. Jan. 9.— Dispatches from
the village of Fararnan. near which the
French mail steamer Russie. from Oran.
Algeria, stranded Monday in a violent
storm with fifty passengers and a crew
of forty on board, tay that all effort* to
reach the steamer have failed, owing to
the tremendous height of the seas which
are running. The pilot boats and torpedo
boats which have attempted to reach the
steamer have been unable to battle with
the waves and have returned. The only
hope seems to be in the ability of the life
savers to throw a line over the Rusale, as
the wrecked vessel is driven closer to the
shore.
The forecastle and part of the forward
deck house are all of the vessel above
water. The beach was lined all night
with watchers.
The latest Information as to the Russie
indicates that the situation has not been
modified, but the outlook is distinctly
hopeful. The weather continues calm and
the vessels which are coming from Tou
lon to the assistance of the mail boat
will shortly be in sight of Cape Faraman.
Shortly after 2 o'clock, during a lull, the
men on shore succeeded In getting a lino
to the Russie, but it snapped as It wa.-»
being pulled on board. Other similar at
tempts failed, but a more hopeful feeling
prevails, in view of the indications that
the weather is clearing.
A message from the Russie says:
"The passengers are kept below, but all
PSsSSXSbm aia ai'tbrfw^iCsIy «tnd ttw cap
tain and officers are lashed to the brids-\
The seamen tried to construct several
rafts, but as they neared completion they
were washed away."
The sinking of the stern In the saml
proves to have been a lucky thing for
those on board, as the bow of the mail
boat is tilted above all save the biggest
waves and affords a refuge. Otherwise it
is believed that all would have long since
perished.
The cruiser Galilee and a tug with
rocket apparatus left Toulon arsenal thi>
evening In an attempt to rescue the pas
sengers, who are chiefly colonial function
aries and soldiers.
Vessel Snaps Wiiile Be
ing Hauled In.
Seamen Try to Construct Several Rafts,
tut While Nearing Completion
Ihey Are Washed Away. .
Heroic Efforts Are
Made to Reacl
Steamship.
Line Shot to the Stranded
RUSSIE AND
THOSE ABOARD
MAY BE SAVED
ten— 34.
Noes— Caffery. Clark, Cockrell, Elkins,
Hawley, Ileitfeld, McLa'urin, Mallory.
Morgan, Pettus, Pritchard, Sewell,,Shoup,
fc';>ooner. Stewart— 15.
The effect of the vote Is to restore to
the bill in the House provision abolishing
the army canteen bo far as the sale of
any kind of Intoxicants are concerned.
As the section now stands in the bill. It
rr-aiis as follows: fi
"The sale or dealing In of beer, wine or
any intoxicating liquors by any person
in any post exchange or canteen or army
transport, or upon any premises used for
military purposes by the United States is
hereby prohibited. The Secretary of War
is hereby directed to carry the provision
of this section into full force and effect."
Foster, Frye, Gallinger. Hale, Hans
brough. Hoar, Jones (Ark.), Lodge, Mc-
OomasJ McCumber, Nelson. Perkins, Pet
tigrew, Platt (Conn.), Platt (N. Y.),
Kimon. Teller, Towne, Turley, Welllngi
he said.
The canteen amendment of the commit
tee was laid on the table, 34 to 15, as fol
lows:
Ayes— Allen, Allison, Bard, Bate, Berry,
licveridge. Burrows, Butler, Chllton,
Clay, Daniel, Deboe. Dolllver, Fairbanks]
WASHINGTON. Jan. S -The army can
teen is to bo aboli.-h«-d. as the Senate to
day by a decisive vote concurred In the
public opinion relative to the army can
teen. Only fifteen votes could be mus
tered in the Senate in favor, while thirty
four were cast a?ji:ist it. Mcst of the
time lo-4ajr v.a? occupied by Teller, Pettl
grew and Butler, who all opposed the
adoption of the Senate committee's
ftmer.drror.t which provided for the con
tinuance of the caMeen. Beyond dispos
!rgr of the canteen question finally the
Senate has accomplished little and it
seems doubtful whether a final vote upon
the measure will be reported before Frl
cay or Saturday.
McCuxnber of Maryland, in a carefully
prepared argument, attacked the amend
ment and urged the adoption of the House
provision abolishing the canteen. He de
clared that a great majority of the deaths
in the army were due cither directly or
Indirectly to the u*~ of intoxicants.
Teller of Colorado said that no attack
vas being made upon the post exchange,
hut merely on the beer selling part of the
exchange. He declared his belief that the
canteen system was vicious and believed
that the great majority of the American
jieople held the same opinion. The Col
orado Sf-nator maintained that the exces
sive use of beer was one e>f the most de
grading phases of Intemperance. The
statement that the saloon interests was
back of the fight upon the canteen, he
f-£ld, was absurd.
"It is true, nevertheless,' interjected
Hawley of Connecticut.
"It :s r.ot true." retorted Teller, "and
the Senator cannot prove that It is true."
Reverting to the situation in the Phil
ippines, Teller declared that the United
Elates was cursing the people of those
Islands with a curse "as vicious and vile
as any the Spaniards ever placed upon
them."
Gai!!r.gcr said that he had been told by
r prominent army officer that the 400 or
hr*t American saloons in Manila were
licensed by the American Government,
h.r.£ be believed they could be completely
abolished.
"I do not know the reason for the con
oition in Manila," said Lodge, "but I do
know vhat under the command of General
Ludlow the establishment of saloons was
absolutely stopped in Havana."
"1 never heard any complaint of this
kind when I was in Havana last spring,"
; aid Teller, "or anywhere In Cuba. But
t! -.Is condition of affairs exists in Manila."
L>'<!p< pave notice of an amendment pro
tir.g the Importation of distilled
b into the Philippines except lor
¦medicinal purposes.
Peuiprcw made a characteristic attack
ui>or; !!;•¦ i>. r.tiing bill, devoting some time
to a. criticism of the Senate committee for
not l>rir;ririS into tho Senate a more elab
orate report in j-uj-port of the measure.
In the course of his remarks Pettlsxew
said that the I'ri sident liad refused to
obey the act of Congr« ss prohibiting the
rale '¦>{ liquors on any reservation, and
"had directed his Attorney Ueneral to
write an opinion in support of his re
fusal."
"The Senator does not mean the Presi
dent dictated to the Attorney General the
nature of the opinion he should write?"
protested Spooner of Wisconsin.
"Well. I don't know whether he did or
not." responded Pettigrew.
"I would not say that he did, then,"
r ingested Spooner.
Pettigrew read and commented upon
the opinion of the Attorney General on the
law relating to the canteen.
"The President certainly cannot be In
need cf advice of an Attorney General
capable of placing such a construction
upon the law unless he Is desirous of an
excuse for violatins an act of Congress,"
feller £ays Dncle Sam Is Cursing
the Psaple of the Islands Worse
Thin Did the Spaniards.
nounced.
American Saloons in the
Piillippines Are De-
Prohibiting Sale of
Intoxicants at All
Posts.
ARMY CANTEEN
IS ABOLISHED
BY SENATE
German Forces Rout Some Newly Or
ganized Bands of Boxers. '
BERLIN, Jan. 9.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from
Count von Waldersee, dated Peking, Jan
uary 8:
"The fortress of HopoU. which was
stormed January 3, was the headquarters
of newly organized bands of Boxers. Over
a thousand had terrorized the district and
were planning to march on Yonklng: and
Chauping." .
Wiring from Peking under date of Jan
uary 6, Count von "Waldersee says:
"Colonel Pavel's column is marching to
Tslngongfu, on the Pelho, to co-operate
with Colonel Madais' column from Yen
king, seventy-two kilometer* northwest
of Peking.
"Colonel Pavel, after extremely sever©
marches over, bypaths and through high
mountains, stormed the fortifications
January 3. These were defended by ten
guns and from 600 to 1000 men. Having
protected the mines, tho column Is re
turning in extended , order through Yen
king."
; "Should no fresh developments render
his presence in : China necessary," says a
Shanghai correspondent, "Count von Wal
derssee will return to Europe at the end
of March.'V
REPORTED BY VON WALDERSEE
press Dowager is correct and that the
position of the Chinese court at Sian-Ku
is growing more and more untenable, ren
dering it probable that the powers will
soon succeed in persuading the Imperial
personages to return to Peking.
Powers . Considering ..Propositions
Made by the United States.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— The lengthy
conference held by Embassadqr Choate
with Ix>rd Lansdowne, British Minister
for Affairs, and • Ambassador
White with Baron von Richthofen, Ger
man Minister for Foreign Affairs, rela'te
to a proposition made by the United
States for the • removal of the two sub
jects of indemnity and commercial
treaties from Peking to Washington or
some other foreign capital for negotia
tion before an international commission.
It appears, however, that the Berlin un
derstanding that Mr. White submitted a
proposal for the withdrawal of troops
from China as soon as the Chinese Gov
ernment accepts all of the articles of the
joint note, except those relating to In
demnity and commercial treaties, Is
rather nn inference- from the proposal and
not a part of the proposal itself. The
United States has from the outset sought
to avoid a prolonged occupancy of China
by the foreign forces.
Jan. 9. — Germany is not yet
willing, to define her position with refer
ence to Secretary Hay's proposal to
transfer the Peking negotiations to Wash
ington, according to a statement made by
a high Forfign Office ofHcial. because an
exchange of views in the Cabinet on the
subject 'is now proceeding. The German
Foreign Office, however, believes Mr.-
Conger's view of the attitude of the Em-
FOR DI&ECT NEGOTIATIONS.
PEKING, Jan. 3;— Li Hung Chang is
better. Both he and Prince Ching balked
at signing the joint note when they con
sidered the question until the court was
heard from again, explaining that the
Emperor's edict directing them to put off
signing prevented them from using the
imperial seal until permission shall have
been received, which permission they
claim to expect hourly. It is known here
among the Chinese that the extreme anti
foreign element is now in power and that
the court favorites now advise the Em
press Dowager. Of these the best known
are Li Chuan Lin, a Cabinet Minister;
General Ma and Tung Fuh Sing. Their
views coincide perfectly with those of the
southern Viceroys, " particularly with
thoife of Chang Chi Tung, who has
threatened to rebel if the note is signed.
Li Hung Chans and Prince Chlng both
strongly urge the signing of the agree
ment, anil they believe tht-ir counsels
must prevail. They have pointed out, in
strongest possible terms, that the. very
existence of China necessitates the ac
ceptance of the terms of the powers, and
that failure on the part of China to sisn
may mean the allies will, as soon as the
state of the weather makes such a step
feasible, send troops over the country,
and that parts of the empire heretofore
untouched will feel the. scourge of war.
The Germans have sent two companies
of infantry to the vicinity of the Ming
tombs, where- troub!v> ie reported. * '
Extreme Anti-Foreign Element Again
the Advisers of the Wily Em
press Dowager.
Revolt Isghreatenefl by the
Chinese if Yields
to tha Powers.
Chang and Ching
Are Restrained
ENVOYS BALK
AT SICNING
JOINT NOTE
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. .41.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.man; Laird, Maggard. Currier. Curtln.
Food adulteration — Senators Burnett, chair
man; Rowell. Face.
Forestry and Water Storage— Senators Nutt
('¦halnnan). Currier, Belshaw, Shortrtdge. J.
G Tyrreli. Byrnes. Cutter. On#*l. PlunketC
. Health— Senators Maewnl (chairman). Row
el 1. Nelson, Bettman, Pace.
Highways— Senators Luchsinirer (chairman).
Davis, Laird. F. M. Smith, Greenwell. Selvage.
Curtln.
Hospitals — Senators Rowel! (chairman). Cor
lett. Muenter. F. M. Smith, Pace.
Irrigation— Senators Greenwell (chairman). J.
K. Tyrrell, Currier. Caldwell, Curtln.
Judiciary— Senators Davis (chairmanV S. C.
Fmith. Lukens. Selvage, Muenter. J. K. Tyr
relU Lardner. Cutter. Devlin. "Wolf, Taylor.
Shortridge. Oneal. Greenwell. Simpson. Cald
well. Curtln, Sims Ashe.
Labor and Capital— Senators Byrnes (chair
man). Nelson. Laird.
Manufactures— Senators Corlett (chairman),
Burnett. Taylor.
Military Affairs — Senators Hoey (chairman).
F. M. Smith. Burnett. J. R. Tyrrell. Goad.
MinlnK— Senators J. R. Tyrrell (chairman).
Davis.' Laird. Byrnes. Curtln.
Municipal Corporations — Senators Taylor
(chairman). Devlin. Shortridse, F. M. Smith.
Caldwell. J. O. Tyrrell. Ashe.
Printing— Senators Leavltt (chairman), 3. C.
Smith. Goad. '
Prisons— Senators Belahaw (chairman). Cur
rier Nutt. Howell. Hoey. Xelson. PlunketL
Reformatories— Senators F. II. Smith •chair
man). Majrsard. Devlin. Bettman. Goad. " »
Ketenue and Taxation— Senators Oneal,
(chairman). Wolfe, Iielshaw. Leavitt. Curtln.
Rules— Senators Bettman (chairman). Flint.
Cutter.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 9. —The San Fran
cisco Senatorial delegation met
and organized to-day by the elec
tion of Wolfe as chairman and
Burnett secretary. There waa no tmmerii
."-te reason for the organization, but it waa
done as a matter of precaution, for
strange tales are bein? bruited about re
garding the possible filching from San
iraacisco cf one of her Senators. Cut
ter's Mil provides that the city shali hava
nine, her present complement, lhe city'J
population makes her entitled to moru
man nine, but less than ten. an embar
.assinfc- fraction; but still the rumor runs
aiouncl that San Francisco will lose a
Senator.
rhe delegation Rot together to confer
a£oin It. it was aecided to authorize tho
chairman. Senator Wolfe, to wait upon
the Committee on Apportionment and ask
that the matter of the San
Francisco Senatorial districts be left to
the San Francisco Senatorial delegation.
During the afternoon Senator Wolfj
conferred with Assemblyman Flsk. chair
man of thn San Francisco Assembly dele-
Ration, and it is probable that within a
short time the tv.r. allegations will get
together and discuss the retlistrtcting of
San Francisco both as to Assembly and
Senatorial districts.
SIXATE T IMPOSES OF
GOVERNOR'S MESSAGE
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 9.— The Governor's mes
sage reached the Senate to-day and on
motion of Simpson it was referred, with
out complete reading, to a committee o?
five, whose duty It will be to segregate
the various subjects treated and assign
them to the proper standing committees
of the Senate. The committee is com
posed of Senators Simpson, Taylor. Sel
vage, Lardner and Ashe. »..
A resolution by Belshaw urges the re
enactment of the exclusion act, and ono
by Lukens urges its re-enactment and
its extension to Include all alien pauper
labor. Hoth. resolutions will be rushed
tnrough and sent on to Congress.
Anoiner batch of attaches and a long
list ot committee clerks were appointed
to-day, and about the last of the patron
age Is expended.
When the Senate convened this after
noon the Governor's message was pre
sented by hia private secretary. Owins
to the fact that the message had already
been printed In the newspapers there waa
some expression that its reading before
the Senate- should be waived, but after
Senators Smith. Devlin and- Oneal had
pointed out that to refuse to have th.j
message read would be an act of dis
courtesy to the Governor, the secretary
of the Senate was instructed to proceed.
Shortly after he had begun to read tha
message Senator Simpson interrupted with
a. motion that the message be referred to
a committee of five. Tha resolution was
adopted and further reading of the mes
sage was dispensed with. Senators Simp
son, Taylor, Selvage. Lardner ajid Aahe
were appointed In compliance -with tha
resolution.
A resolution was introduced thanking
the Texas relief committee for the work
that it had done in behalf of the flood vic
tims of that State. The committee con
sisted of I. W. Hellman. Claus Spreckel*.
William Alvord, F. W. Dohrmann. A. A.
Watklns, Charles Nelson, Robert J. Tobin
and J. L. Flood.
Cutter presented an Invitation from tho
Republican State Central Committee Uiat
the Senate attend the ceremonies on the
occasion of the" meeting of tho Electoral
College in the Assembly chamber on tha
14th Inst.. when the electoral vote of Cali
fornia will be cast for McKinley and
Roosevelt. The invitation was accepted.
The constitution was suspended and As
sembly bill No. 1. appropriating $500 to de
fray the expenses of the Presidential Elec
tors, and Assembly bill No. 2, appropriat
ing $5O,0CO to pay for legislative printing.
were read the ilrst, second and third
times and passed.
Senator Davis Introduced a resolution
In the Interest of forest reservation and
national parks.
The following attaches were employed
by resolution:
Committee clerks — S. N. Scott. Klimnce;
Hilda Clough. Judiciary; H. A. Fairbanks. M.
Dfrry. Colvin R. Brown. J. F. Ahem Miss
.?. Kimberly. F. McQuald, Miss Rita Madden.
J. C. Hay«. J. H. Cope. A. Ipawltch. A. Searl*.
O. S. Burnett. M. Cherrle. A. 1^. Lure. B.
Fitzgerald, Clark Howard, M. Welch, J. r>».
lancie, W. Richardson, A. Manahan J L>.
Jor.es, E. H. Rodgers, $3: Mlrs Vera Peddler,
A sa Xewell, B. F. Gray. C - H. Murray.
Tlicmas- Nihlll. S. I* Howe. Miss M. Luch-
Binger. Virgil Hatch, G. W, Rohe. |4.
Assistant sergeants at arms— Joseph itcCaU
n:..l John Hanksi $5.
Night watchman, irallery— II. Lorentzen, $3.
Telephone clerk— George McCarthy, $2.
Porter to Finance Committee — John Squires,
btenoRrarher to Finance Committee— J. A.
V a Kg ham. $5.
Lieutenant Governor Neff named the
following porters and pages:
Porters— Hermann Clark. J. C. Castro, I* B.
Hawkins. William. Martin, E. J. Qulnn, Wil
liam Slrnpson.
1'ages— Monroe Oilman. Frank Springer, E.
C. Foeney, Keed Uarton, Daniel Love, Wood
bi'iry Lampton.
Adjournment was then taken until 11
a. m. to-morrow.
Rumors Alarm thei
San Francisco
De egation.
FEAR THE
LOSS OF A
SENATOR
STATESMEN CAUGHT IN LIFELIKE POSES BY CARTOONIST WARREN.
"Wedding of &m Rafaelites.
F.i X JOSE. Jan. ?.-Richard V. Halton,
ff-r lime manager of Hotel Ra
fael at Kan Rafael, was married yesterday
to Miss Harriot K. Hathaway of that
place. Th«» marriage was performed at
the Hotel St. James. Miss Julia Halton.
a sifter of the groom, was bridesmaid,
and V. L. SkagK?. manager of the St.
James acted if best man.- A snort hon
eymoon will be spent in this vicinity.
To Cur* a Cold in One Day
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
CrusciftB refund the money 1/ it. fails to. cure.
li. IV.' Grove's signature js on eacn box. I3c. •
assistant engrossing r.nd enrolling clerk, $5;
J. J. Conncll. C. W. Curtis und J. M. Brow-:-,
as.-istant bill clerks, J4; C. J. Peterson, bill
filer. $4: C. 11. Myers, assistant minute clerk,
*f>; Im. T. Otiryca. assistant history clerk. J4;
W. ,N. Cunningham, assistant file clerk, $4;
William McNamara, assistant sergoant-at
r.rms. $1 .10; J. Hocking, assistant >-<>rs;<?ant-at
arma, $4: J. C. Tyrrell. H5slstant Journal clerk.
$."i; Agnes Kelly, assistant postmistress,' $4:
Henry Thompson, J.. D. Pomeroy, J. P. Fay,
Fred Jensen, N. B. Walker? Frank Lewis, J.
F. Douglass, committee clerks, $4;E. B.
Wickliam, Willie Raund>rs and OeorRe T. Ber
ry, pag^s. 12 50; C. C. Suydam. cloakroom at
tfn<1ant. $4; E. P.. Hnrland. committee clerk,
$3; Fred Mooseh. electrician, $4; J. J. Nlemore.
porter. $3; J. H. Howell, portr-r. $3: J. J.
Crowiy. clerk to Democratic minority. $5; EX
H. Grren »nd J. II. Watktns, stenographers.
|S: May Shyley. Janitress, $3; George Gosper.
englneT, $3; Thomas F. Sheehan, fireman, $3;
John Koford. porter to sergeant-at-arms. $3.
The constitution was suspended and the
following bills wore read the second and
third time, passed and ordered sent to
the Senate:
Assembly bill 1— Appropriating I'M to defray
the expenses of tho Presidential electors of this
.State.
Assembly bill 2 — Appropriating $50,000 for
legislative printing.
Several resolutions were introduced call-
Ing upon Congress to take steps to restrict
undesirable immigration. ..,-, . , . ,,. ,
A number of resolutions were adopted
authorizing- the sergeant-aF-arms to pur
chase supplies and furniture. • :
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO.Jnn. 9. — The Senate com
mittees have been appointed, the
committee clerks have been
-named and the Senate is really
ready for business. 'The appointment of
the committees caused some surprises and
some disappointments. It was believed
that the Lieutenant Governor would con
sult the Governor on every point and then
It was reported that he would oppose the
Governor, but ,when the list came down
It was seen that imly In one instance did
anything like opposition to the Governor
appear. This was in the appointment of
Belshaw to the chairmanship of the
Prisons Committee.
Belshaw's district Includes San Quen
tln prison, and when Belshaw was mak
lnjr hi* campaign his most Insidious op
ponent was the influence of the prison.
Opposed to him was James II. Wilkins.
Prison Director, who had behind him the
prison people. The influences behind
YVilklns were the same as those now
working the will of Gage. Belshaw
wanted the committee and Neff gave it to
him." -To that. extent the Governor's de
sires were disregarded.. Belshaw will flnrt
put why a, Republican administration at
the State prison worked against the elec-
Agriculture— Senators Currier. chairman:
Lardner. Uaggard, Hoey. J. G. Tyrrell, Cald
well, ' Goad.
Apportionment— Senators Cutter, chairman;
Nutt, Davis. Selvage. Luchslnger, Lukens,
Flint. S. C. Smith, Burnett. Belshaw. F. M.
Smith, Curttn. Sims.
Banklne— Senators Wolfe, chairman; Green
well, Nelson, F. M. Smith, Goad.
Code revision— Senators Selvage, chairman;
Devlin. Davis, S. C. Smith, F. M. Smith. Nutt.
Sims.
Commerce— Senators »Shortrldge, chairman;
Nelson, Byrnes, Nutt. Ashe.
'Contingent expenses— Senators Flint, chair
man: Belshaw, Wolfe. .
Corporations — Senators Simpson, chairman;
Flint. Lukens, Muenter, Bettman. Oneal.
Welch, Leavltt. Currier, Selvage. Cutter, Nutt,
Ashe. ' •
Constitutional amendments— Senators Cald-*
well, chairman; Devlin, Oneal, Simpson, Muen
ter. Wolfe, Ashe.
County government— Senators Lukens, chair
man; Rowell, S. C. Smith, Nutt, Laird, Short
rldge. Curtln. . -
Drainage— Senators Mu«-ntrr. rhalrmar»; Mag
gard. Devlin. F. M. Smith, Goai!.
Elections— Senators Devlin, chairman; Tay
lor. Burnett. S. C. Smith, Selvage. Corlttt. Da
vl». Nutt. Ashe. BUWIIIJi'UllliALlSmS
Education — Senators Lardner, chalrman-
Rowcll, Selvage, Lukens. S. C. Smith, Devlin
Sims.
Enrolled. and engrossed bills— Senators Nel
son, chairman; Welch, Oloail.
" Executive* communications— Senators Welch,
chairman: Slmtwon, Plunkftt.
Federal relations— Senators Laird, chairman;
Hoey. .Curtln. - •
Finance— Sonators 8. C. Smith, chairman:
Flint, Belshaw, Luchsinger. J. R. Tyrrell
Nutt, Devlin, 'Leavitt, Rowell. Byrnes, Oreen
weil. Laird," Sims. •
Fish and game— Senators J. G. Tyrrell, chalr-
tion of a Republican State Senator.
Belshaw, as chairman of the 'Prisons
Committee, will also have work in the
investigation of Folsora prison, where,
out of a monthly payroll of }4jW). at least
$3000 is paid to Democratic attaches.
The Committee on Reformatories goes
to Smith of Los Angeles, who got it in a
peculiar manner. In some way the Lieu
tenant Governor came to believe that
Smith of Los Angeles was a lawyer of
high ability, so he put the new Senator
on the Judiciary Committee, on that of
Cede Revision and made him chairman cf
that on Constitutional Amendments.
Smith of Los Angeles is a farmer— a grain
farmer — and he has never boen Inside of
a court or a capitol in his life. Caldwell
of Riverside is a lawyer, and Caldwell
was made chairman of the Committee on
Reformatories. He "kicked" and Smith
"kicked," both from opposite reasons, and
with the consent of an concerned they
traded, and Caldwell was made chairman
of the Committee on Constitutional
Amendments and Smith took Reformato
ries.
And - they went further than this, for
Smith gave up his place on the Judiciary
Committee to Caldwell and took Calrt
well's place on the Committee on Drain
age. . But he would not give up his place
on the Committee on Code Revision.
"There Is a good deal about the codon
that a business man can deal with," said
Smith, and he stayed by the committee.
Smith of Kern, one of the old members
cf the Senate and as able a man as has
been a member of the body, got v.hai
should have been given to him two years
ago— the Finance Committee. Two years
ago Smith was slated for the committee,
not because he sought It but because by
legislative precedent It belonged to him.
He was sidetracked for Dickinson. Thi3
year he was the only logical candidate
and It went to him. His experience in
legislative affairs and his knowledge of
legislation make the choice a particularly
good one.
The Judiciary goes to Davis of Amador,
an ex-Superior Judge, a lawyer of abliity
and a legislator of intelligence and prin
ciple. It was currenc ;wo days ago that
he would get the appointment.
The Apportionment Committee has been
given to Cutter of. Yuba, secretary of the
Republican State Central Committee, a
holdover Senator and the man who has
been working on the scheme of appor
tionment for some months. There is like
ly to be a light over the apportionment
bill, which Cutterf will introduce, no mat
ter what plan may be proposed, and the
Apportionment Committee wili assume
unusual importance before the close of
the session.
Lukens of Alameda gets the County
Government Committee, ordinarily one
occupied with dry questions of boundary
and surveyors' lines, but this year, in
view of the census and the consequent
changes it will make necessary and jd
viaable, a committee that will have its
hands full. Lukens is a new man in the
Senate, and his appointment is consid
ered a compliment.
Nelson ot San Francisco is given tho
Committee on Enrolled and Engrossed
Bills, one usually glvon to a new Senator.
He was mentioned for the Commerce
Committee, his district, In San Francisco
being one with a great proportion of wa
ter front, but the Commerce Committee
was given to Shortridge and Nelson was
named as next man. He will be the log
ical chairman of that committee at the
next session. •
Senator Simpson has hla old committee,
that of corporations. It Is one of the im-^
portant ones of the Senate and belongs
to a legislator of experience and Judg
ment. Simpson waa satisfied with it and
his work as Its chairman at the last ses
sion made the Bleutrnant Governor more
than willing to give it to him. He had
no opposition for the appointment.
"Wolfo was given banking, his old com
mittee, Tyrrell of Nevada mines, as every
one expected. Selvage gets code revision,
Taylor, municipal corporations, and Leav
itt gets printing. Ontal, a new man, gets
revenue and taxation, a committee that
is likely to cut an important figure dur
ing this session. Bettman is given his
old place at the heal of the Committee on
Rules. Lardner, an old legislator but a
new Senator, has the Committee on Edu
cation, which this year will handle all
the bills .that formerly went to the Com
mittee on Education and Public Moral.-..
The name has been shortened, but the
duties have not been curtailed.
The full list of committee appointments
follow: ,
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO! Jnn. 9.— In order to com
plote its list of attaches and se- j
cure to each member his $8 per
diem patronage the Republicans
were forced in tho session of the As
sembly this afternccn to shut off Dem
ocratic criticism and to turn their hacks
deliberately, upon Governor Gage's recom
mendations in his message of economy.
The previous question, moved by Fisk of
San Francisco, at once gagged the minor
ity and served notice on the Governor
that the raid on the treasury had l*gun
and would not be abandoned simply be
cause the keynote of his message was
economy. . Kelley of Alameda Introduced
the resolution providing for tho appoint
ment cf the number of acditicnul attaches
necessary to cat up what was left of. the
Js per diem patronage per membt-r. ttuiro
of SSan Francisco asked if the olhces
named were statutory or were In addition
to the statutory offices. Kelley eald they
were in addition to the attaches provided
ior by statute, but that. In ¦ view of the
business to be transacted, it was felt they
were necessary.
"Are they necessary," asked Feliz of
Monterey, "under the volume of present
business, or are you anticipating the busi
ness that will be transacted?"
The present volume of business in the
Assemoly is nil, but no one saw lit to
answer the Monterey member's very per
tinent question.
James of Los Angeles said that there
ought to be some report showing the al
leged necessity of the addition to the stat
utory number of employes.
"1 would respectfully call the attention
of the Republican members," said James,
"to the language of the chief executive in
his message regarding economy. lie
says: '1 most earffestly -appeal to you to
exercise such economy as is compatible
with the necessities of each case by pre
venting the passage of excessive appro
priations and of laws creating unneces
sary offices, with their incidental charges
upon the State.' "
Then Sutro took another twist at the
thumbscrews. He said: "And I would
further call attention to the next recom
mendation in the Governor's message, as
follows: *I would likewise suggest that
the number of employes in your honorable
bodied be reduced to a useful minimum,
so that this Legislature may surpass by
Its economy and efficiency all previous
Legislatures, not only becaus«J it is your*
public duty so to do but as well for the
honor which it will bring to you all as leg
islators, and for the credit- It will afford
to the party which has nominated and
elected a majority of your members upon
the pledge of an economic able ad
ministration!' "
All of this hurt. It touched the quick;
but Flsk was ready with a recourse that
displayed the Assembly's disregard of the
Governor's pet ideas and prevented any
further painful thrusts from the opposi
tion. He moved the previous question,
Kelley of Alameda seconded and the meas
ure went through by a party vote. Wright
cf Santa Clara voted with the Democrats.
The report of the Committee on Rules
came up for consideration and was ap
proved. The new rules increase the num
ber of ' members on the Ways and Means
Committee from 11 to 21, and add three
committees— one on census and apportion
ment, of eleven members; one on revision
and reform of laws, of eleven members,
and one on immigration, of nine members.
The Governor's message was Jostled
along its stony path by the adoption of a
resolution referring it to a committee of
five, with Instructions to refer various
sections of it to the proper committees.
Alden Anderson, who had been called to"
the chair by Speaker Pendleton, appointed
the following on the committee: Ralston,
Knowland, Carter, Brown of San Mateo
and Cowan. t •-«. •. . :
Dunlap fathered a new scheme which
will change the face of the emerald-hued
landscape of the Assembly chamber in
terior. A resolution offered by him and
adopted provides for placing a second
rail just In the rear of the desks farthest
back. The space between the two • rails
will be known as the "members' lobby,"
and to it will be admitted those only who
are p&ssed Into It by Assemblymen. By
the amendment of rule 70 the wives or
friends of Assemblymen may not be In
vited to scats beside them at their desks,
but it Is understood that in practice this
amendment will not be strlcly /enforced.
"Colonel" Brady of San Francisco to
day offered his first resolution, a purely
routine measure regarding stationery, but
his face beamed while it was being read
and he sat absorbed in the pride of j pa
ternity, forgetting to move the adoption
of the resolution and permitting Bert
Schlcsinger to capture that honor.
Assemblyman Mllice of Riverside has to
look back regretfully upon a lost oppor
tunity. He called up the Senate joint res
olution urging upon Congress the passage
of the "bill now pending which establishes
a national quarantine against fruit - dis
eases and Insect pests. Grove L. Johnson
seconded Mlllee's motion to concur, but
demanded that the orange belt- legislator
explain the necessity of such legislation.
That is where Millce lost his opportunity.
He can prune trees better than he can
shape sentences, and when lie got through
rtio Assembly knew only that In the opin
ion of Milico it was desirable that the
Assembly concur in the joint resolution.
"In view of the very lucid explanation
just made," raid Johnson, "going into all
the whys and wherefores of this matter,
and probing the subject of Insect pests to
ihr very bottom, and also because it will
Eave time. I am in favor of concurrence."
Amid the laughter that followed the mo
tion was passed. • • . • • -
Junketing trips this year, are likely to
he somewhat curtailed. By a resolution
Introduced by Melick of Los Angeles but
three members of any committee will be
permitted to go on such trips/ and actual
expense* only, not mileage, are to be al
lowed. The resolution was referred to the
Committee on Mileage, "when it shall be
appointed." ; •, -..¦:'
The new attaches appointed to-day, are
as follows:
F. A. Wright, enrolling' clerk, t«; J. E. Dye,
NAMES COMMITTEES
OF THE UPPER HOUSE
ASSEMBLY DISPOSES
OF A PATRONAGE LIST
BOSES
PREPARE
A SLATE
sembly Standing
;>. Committees.
¦ Special Dispatch ; to The Call.
CALL ; ; HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, . Jan. 10.— Long after midnight
Speaker Pendleton, Ed- Conroy, John ,C.
Lynch, Jere Burke and Assemblyman
Ralston were In roonvC, Golden Eagle
Hotel, fixing up the Assembly standing
committees to suit 'the bosses. .
Martin Kelly and Sam Rainey are here.
Yesterday Kelly and the Speaker had a
lon-r, talk together In the Assembly Cham
ber.-.The boss is determined that the San
Frandspo*. Assemblymen who were round
ed up by, him at the Palace Hotel to in
dorsd . Pendleton shall be recognized.
Pressure is exerted .to" place Fisk at the
head of .the Ways and Means Committee,
but ; it'fs v f eared that such raw work would
cause Indignation meetings to be held
throughput the State. ' - .
' It- transpires -that Pendleton in caucus
advised that. the previous question be
moved. in jthe. event of an objection in the
Assembly to an Increase of attaches. This
is regarded as a -slap at the Governor. It
is known to a certainty that Pendleton
received not only the sympathy but the
assistance .of Gage in the contest for
Speaker. ' - ,
There was a "roar'.' from the south to
day because a suitable place had not
been provided for Walter Moore of L03
Angeles.
APPOINTMENTS BY
GOVERNOR GAGE
CALL HEADQUAKTERS, SACRA-
MENTO, Jan. 9.— The Governor has ap
pointed as delegates to the National Live
stock Association F. C. Lusk of.Chlco,
John P. Irish of Oakland and Vf. Mavo
Newhall of San Francisco. lie has ap
pointed and commissioned George B.
Goodman of Napa a notary public, and
has appointed the following notaries: E.
P. Vicinl,'' Jackson, \Am.idor County; Stan
ton L. Carter, Fresno: James Ancell,
Daws Prairie. Humboldt County; Austin
Young, Riindsburg, Kern County; Andrew
Reuter, George Van Derwerker ami
Thomas J. Neal, Los Angeles; J. M.
Walker, Nevada Clti-.
FOR PITRE PRIMARIES.
Local Republicans Will Send a Com
mittee to Sacramento.
Representatives of that part of the Re
publican party which is opposed to the
corrupt and pernicious rule of the bosses
held a meeting last night In; Shlels Hall
on O"Farrell f street and organized for the
purpose of effectively working to secure
'the passage of a new primary law under
which It will be impossible for bosses to
exist. The meeting was called at tho
suggestion of the Republican County
Committee and was attended by a. repre
sentative from every district In the city.
The greatest enthusiasm prevailed during'
the meeting. . Alfred Bouvier called tho
meeting to order and acted as chairman.
It was determined to send a committee
to Sacramento and to do everything pos
siblo to promote the passage of aji eftl
cient primary law.- ¦- The appointment of
the committee was left in the hands, of
j Chalrmtfn Bouvier. It will not be bound
; to support 'any particular law,>but w:U
be left to. its ,own discretion, • After pro
viding for the appointment nf the com
mittee the meeting- adjourned for' two
months. " ¦ : ; ' ' ¦•"
Sp«cl»I Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEAPQUARTHRS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 9.— When the T^?pr!s
lature convened in January. 1193.
tho State treasury contained the
sum of J2.1S4.1W. On January 1.
!;*¦">. the sum on h:m«l was tSJSSZJBlZ. To
day the vaults of the Treasurer's office
contain $3,206,522. If the gold coin is not
actually in sight it is within reach of
the Legislature and available. The ques
tion is. Will a sufficient number of mem
bers combine to open the treasury and
put the coin In circulation despite the ob
jections of the oovrrnor?
An Incident occurred in the Assembly to
day which serves to show that the Re
publican majority wi'l not he guidod by
economic supgostions. While minority
merehers were loading extracts from tn»
Governor's mrssagf containing rccom
mendaiiens that economy bo observed In
the employment of attaches. FJsk. who
teas «-h»sen- by Martin Kelly to b<-> chair
man of the Pan Francisco delegation;
:noveri the prevfons Question and useless
attaches were ».ut on the pay roll without
fnrtb«r discussion.
Politicians wl o stand for tho practice
of giving si'imeth'ne wonh hnvirsr »'• *>i rt
boys who do rough and ready politics are
fast a trifle apprehensive tn.i mi -..s.-.ii
hly will beoome ravenous an<1 g«> on a
treasury raid. The Senate. liov. p 4or. is
relied upon to hold In check the raiding
propensities o{ the lower house. When
it comos to examples of economy in the
engagement of attaches, the Sonat<? itself
cannot boast of a hrilliant record, but
it may present a strong lin«* of resistance
to a general raid on the taxpayers.
In a recent agitation to raiso money for
higher education the university side of
the Question has been put forward in a
prominent degree, but there is another
side which concerns the taxpayers. The
Legislature may decide to view both sides.
The broad subject of revenue for common
as well a? hither education may f«e per
tinently discussed. For the fifty-first fis
cal year the amount levied for the State
school fund was t2.423.340. The amount
collected was J2.541.43O. From other
sources the receipts wore J1.O2S.4K. an ng
pregate for the year of J.'S.r^.s.'?!. a larger
sum will be raised for each of the next
tv.o fipc."l years. Bonds held in trust for
the school fund amount to $3.778 ,7W. In
the State school land fund there is JRJ9.-
I<<5. the interest of which Is available.
Thp State University is also piling up
a pr?at endowment fund. Taxpayers arc
glad to see th? fund Increase, but th^re
:p a wide difference of opinion among
th«*m as to whether the regents should be
permitted to conduct a banking and real
• state business. Several. members of the
Le-cislature believe that real estate should
r«n he purchased by the r£gonts and thus
€ x^mpt^d from taxation. There should be
a limit to loan? on real estate and the ex
empting of the incidental mortgages from
taxation. It is a matter of common report
That th» regents lost money in loans on
t-'an Jose real estate. It Is a matter of
re-enrd that a large purchase of business
property was made in San Francisco. Jt
vas a scandal that the regents paid an
ex-Assemblyman $2,100 for lobbying in Sac
ranifntn to assist in passing the law au
thorizing the additional one cent tax. The
scandal would have been the subject of
official investigation by the Legislature If
two or three tft *fac regents had not In
effect acknowledged tha't the board was
bunkoed. In some degree this is past his
tory, but the rast must be reviewed in
dealing with university affairs of the fu
ture.
Since the board entered the business of
landing money and buying real estate
three of the ablest financiers of the regent
lv><jy. A. S. Hallidie, Albert Miller and
Timothy Guy Phtlps. have passed away.
The apprehension expressed In the Gov
ernor's mesage that the exemption of
church and Stanford University property
v.ill materially affect the assessment roil
is not well grounded. The reduction will
be Blight. It is the opinion of the Con
troller that county assessors will hustle
around and make good the decrease by
listing other properties that have hitherto
escaped taxation. In round numbers the
assessment roll Is Jl ,290,000.000. The ex
emption wil hardly be perceptible.
The standing committees of the Senate
were announced this evening. Lleuten-
BBt Governor Keff asslfme-d the Senators
to duty without receiving suggestions
from Governor Gage. There was a con
ference of the Governor and Lieutenant
Governor early this week, but the sub
ject of committee assignment was not in
troduced or mentioned by either. It Is
obvious to the insiders that the Governor
did not recommend Senator Davis as
chairman of the Judiciary Committee
Senator Smith of Kern as chairman of
The Finance Committee or Senator Bel-
Shaw as chairman of the Committee on
Prisons. .* ¦
The attitude of Senators In the contest
for I'rited States Senator, which culmi
nated in the election of Thomas R. Bard
et the extra session, cut no ligure in the
assignment of Senators to committee du
ty. Cutter, who voted for Grant, got the
enmmittr-e he desired. Leavitt. who voted
for Burns, wanted the printing commit
tee and obtained it. The men who voted
for Barnes and Scott were assigned in ac
cordance- with their wishes. The Lieuten
ant Governor v.as animated by a sincere
purpose to serve the State in the best
manner possible and to preserve, as far
ss consistent with such purpose, the tra
ditional courtesies respecting senior Sen
ators.
ALAHEDANS ORGANIZE.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan, 9.— The Alameda County
delegation organized this afternoon at the
rloFe of the Senate session by the elec
tion of Senator Taylor as chairman and
Assemblyman Mattos as secretary.
PLANS FOB CASTING
OF ELECTORAL VOTE
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 9.— The committee
In charge of the ceremonies that will at
tend the casting of the electoral vote of
ihis State next Monday are making icx
tr-nFiv* preparations for the affair. The
Assembly chamber has been elaborately
fjreorated. The programme is as fol
lows: Playing of national airs by the
bang: Ringing of "Columbia, the Gem of
the Ocean," by the double male quartet;
introductory remarks. Colonel George
Stone, chairman of the Republican State
Central Committee; reading of Governoi's
re-rtlflcate of election of the electors ; or
ganization of the electoral college by the
oltction of chairman and secretary: re
marks by the chairman; appointment of
two tellers; balloting for President"
firming of the "Star Spangled Hanner"
bjr the male quartet; balloting for Vice
President; signing and sealing of the
certificate of the actton of the college in
triplicate; election of a messenger to
TVafhington: address by the messenger-
Kir.?;ng cf "Speed the Republic" by the
quartet. » '..,,¦
K<- solutions will be adopted presenting
Ifcc ballot box used for the occasion to
President McKlnloy and the gavel to
Vi<*-:* President-elect Roosevelt, both of
California wood. The exercises will con
clude by the singing of "America" by
the audirncv.
Lower House Begins
a Raid on the
Treasury.
PUTS ON
NEEDLESS
ATTACHES
THE ;SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANTJARY 10, 1901.
ASSEMBLY DISREGARDS GAGE'S APPEAL FOR ECONOMY
2
Catarrh, Deafness,
§&/ \MMW^£ Ibroat
Diseases Positively Cured by '
DR. COTTliNfiHAffl'SSuThod
rterular graduate and expert on EAR, N03E,
THROAT and LUNG DISEASES.
2C4 Suiter Mreet, NW Tor. of- Kearay
Hours. 9-12 a. m.; 1-3 and 7-S p. rti
rnrr AN ' HONEST trial of o>te
hUHh WEEK given to show tha su-
* liRj^ perior merit of. the treatment.
3000 test cases, 93 per cent cured. Call at
once or write for fre.9 treatmer^estimate of this loot is thirty-three mil
lion taels.-
The operations of tho Standard Oil Com
pany in the fields of Kchlgo are astonish
ing the inhabitants. Their enormous pipe
laying operations are on a scale never be
fore dreamed of. The company plans a
line of delivery pipe forty-five miles "in
length. There is talk of a combination of
the Japanese oil men in competition, but
the more sagacious realize the Impossi
bility of withstanding the power of the
inexhaustible amount of capital which the
American company can bring .to bear.
The attention of American capitalists is
being drawn to the ?old producing district
of Yezo. the northern island of the em
pire, where finds of great richness ar«
beins made.
China will Indemnify all losses. The latest
son, who In his rescript made the follow
ing reference to international relations:
"We are pleased to ba able to state that
our relations with foreism powers are on
a footing of constantly mcreaslng friend
ship.
"On the occurrence of the lamentable
disturbance in North China, we caused to
be dispatched thither a naval and mili
tary force for the purpose of rescuing
our representative, our subjects and those
of other countries* It ts a matter of pro
found satisfaction to us that our forces,
acting in concert with the other powers,
displayed loyalty and bravery in the dis
charge of their task. Our Government,
in co-oceratlon with the powers, is now
endeavoring to restore order In China, and
to obtain guarantees for future peaca."
The necessity for increasing taxation,
also referred to In the BmDeror*s speech,
is realized by all political parties, so that
little difficulty will be experienced on thai
score by the new Cabinet. It Is reported,
however, that the .war expenses occa
sioned by the Chinese troubles will by no
means proVe so severe a strain upon th6
resources of the cmoire as would be ex
pected, in view of the fact that the vast
amount of silver secured by the army In
YOKOHAMA, Dec. 2S. via Victoria. B.
C, Jan. 9.— Since the resignation of Mr.
Hoshi, Minister of Communications, who
withdrew upon finding 1 it impossible to re
sist the storm of abuse, the trouble In tfco
Japanese Cabinet has reased. Hoshl has
been giveii the leadership of the new Con
stitutional party, where his powerful per
sonality cannot fail to make Itself felt.
The fifteenth session of the Diet was
opened on the 22d by the Emperor In per-
With Resignation of Minister
Hos hi Trouble in the
Cabinet Ceases.
QUIET OPENING
OF JAPANESE DIET
Ex-Governor Charles S; Thomas, whose
term expired yesterday, declared he had
never sent a warning to Mr. Roosevelt
that he would be watched while in this
State to see "whether, he killed any detr
or other protected game.
A section on the Colorado Midland train,
which leaves the Springs to-morrow at
11 ; o'clock,' has been reserved for Mr.
Roosevelt, and he will go direct to Rifle,
where he will take the /tage the next
morning for Meeker.
Governor Orman stated emphatically to
day in an interview that he would not
permit the next Vice President of the
United States ,to be doggred by game war
dens for any purpose while he Is hunting
in Colorado.
DENVER, Jan. 9.— Vice President-elect
Roosevelt Is expected to reach Colorado
Springs from the East at 7:35 o'clock to
morrow morninar. He has requested that
no demonstration be made on hia arrival
at Colorado Springs, and an effort will be
made to respect his wishes.
He will be met at the depot by Philip
W. Stewart and Dr. Gerald C. Webb, who
will be bis companions on his bunting
trip, for which Mr. Stewart- has secured
the services of Guide John Goff.
Ex-Governor Thomas Denies That H.e
Warned tha Vies President-
Elect Not to Shoot
Deer.
Game Wardens Will Not
Spy Upon Him During
His Hunt.
ROOSEVELT NOT
TO BE WATCHED
r LONDON. Jan. 9.— William : Waldorf
•Astor has given £1000 to ' the Prince- of
; Wales' hospital fund. >
Astor Makes a Donation.
HAVANA, Jan. 8.— Alexis E. Frye, hav
ing resigned his ; position as superintend
ent of Cuban schools, left Hauna-to- :
day . with Mrs. Frye on ' board theV United
States transport McPherson. In i accepting
the resignation Governor. General
said the'post would i be open for Mr. Frye
should he desire to return to' it. ¦
Frye Leaves ] Havana.
Committee' at West Point.
* =,WEST POINT,' N. Y.. Jan. 9.— The Con
gressional- committee '-: investigating ¦ the.
charges of hazing at the -"West Point acad
emy, arrived i. to-day. ' and was ;• met \ with
military honors and 'a salute of seventeen
tuns. ¦..; : ¦-':' :\--: : '¦'¦ ;..¦¦. ¦-: r '-- -
¦ * The > only witness examined . to-day - was
Colonel A. I* Mills, superintendent : of tha
military,! academy, who gave the commit*
tee a general Idea of the workings of tha
academy ; and " the rules ¦ and regulations
Kovernlnfr.' '.The , committee : subsequently
Inspected- the academy. .\ The Investigation
win be- resumed ¦ at 9 o'clock tomorrow, ¦
NEW VvYORK, ; Jan. 8.— Recorder Goff
signed . the papers in\ the •' ease of ¦ the ¦ ap
peal of : Roland * B. : Molineux,- under sen
tence ' of . deaths for. having ; caused ' the
death . of Mrs. Kate Adams * by poisoning.
The will t now- go to the printer,
,whose work i on , them will occupy five
weeks. . Once i printed the papers will be
sent -. to . the « Court of i Appeals at Albany
for; execution.' . : -. - ¦ • ...
WASHINGTON, "Jan.. 9.— The House
Committee | on Naval , Affairs is consider
ing.the naval appropriation bill which the
sub-committee, has agreed upon. The full
committee . has : tentatively agreed to- in
crease the enlisted force of L the navy
3000. The ; Secretary of tne Navy recom
mended an increase of 4000.' The commit
tee : has ' also scaled down the appropria
tions • recommended for - navy yards re
ducing them an averaae of about 40 per
cent from estimates.. The committee has
not reported. the question of the increass
of the navy, .which. Is generally, the last
subject passed upon, but there seems to
be general acquiescence in the recom
mendation > of. the Secretary.
: ; -. .
RECORDER SIGNS - PAPERS
IN MOLINETJX'S " APPEAL
House Committee Discussing- the
. Measure Recommended by
1 ' , the > Secretary.
NAVY WELL PROBABLY
BE MUCH AUGMENTED
Death From Plague.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Jan.' 9.— One death
from bubonic plague is officially reported
here. Precautions are being taken and
all arrivals are medically examined.
BOISE, Idaho. Jan. 9.— In a fire at Nam
pa this mornlns in a washhouse two Chi
nese were burned to death. There weTe
seven Celestials in the place and the oth
ers were rescued with difficulty, one beirnr
badly burned. The body of one of the
victims was recovered, but the other was
incinerated, nothing beng left but bits of
bones. The . Chinese had considerable
money in the building. One had $5000 bu
ried beneath. the building.' He- expects to
recover the money. " .»-..«
Incinerated by Flames [ Which De
stroy a Washhouse in Bois*
City, Idaho.
Imported Into Mexico, but Desert the
Camps and Start for the
Border.
AUSTIN. Tex.. Jan. 9.-A dispatch from
Guadalajara, Mexico, says: Four hundred
Chinese laborers arrived . here a short
time ago direct from China to work on
railroad construction. Nearly one-half of
them have already deserted and are said
t? <^i £? a ? cin l t J? elr way toward the
Lnited States border.
Another lot of several hundred Chinese
laborers are en their way here from
China, aiany of these Chinese assart that
they are cruelly treated by the Chinese
agents and contractors.
TWO CHINESE ARE
BURNED TO DEATH
CHINESE LABORERS ON
THE WAY TO AMERICA
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 9.-An appar
ent attempt to counterfeit Burlington
Railway tickets has been discovered by
the local officers of that road, which has
received information that a man recently
tried to open ricgotiatlons with a St. Jo
seph printer to furnish an electrotype of
a Burlington coupon ticket which he pro
duced. Ihe printing firm refused to do
the. work and notified the railway officials
of the request. Burlington agents have
been notified io be on the outlook for spu
rious transportation.
Officials of the Line Informed by a
Printing Firm That Sad Been '
Approached by Swindler.
ATTEMPT TO COUNTERFEIT
BURLINGTON ROAD TICKETS
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Jan. 9.— Kansas
City physicians, carrying on the crusade
of compulsory vaccination begun recently,
will start a J ouse-to-house canvass, vac
cinating every one who cannot display a
good scar. Ihe city will be divided Into
districts and each physician will be ac
companied hy a guard to prevent persons
hiding or escaping. The city physicians
to-day recommend that every home and
every business house or other public
builcting be scrubbed and fumigated. A
few additional cases of smallpox were
found to-day.
On Account of Smallpox Epidemic
Physicians Start Eous«-to-
House Crusade.
EVERY PERSON IN KANSAS
CITY TO BE VACCINATED
The petition claims that the saloon
keepers have no rights under the law and
therefore Mrs. Nation cannot be held for
trying to destroy an illegal traffic. The
claim is made that she is confined in the
W ichita Jail Ly a bogus smallpox quar
antine after she has offered good and
sufficient bond fcr her release.
The petition is a voluminous document
and goes into detali about the numerous
times the case has been postponed when
it should have been tried.
The Supreme Court will hear the case
January 12. The temperance people of
the State are looking on the outcome with
a great deal of Interest.
TOPEKA, Kan.. Jan. 9.— Habeas corpus
proceedings were started in the Supreme
Court to-day to secure the release of Mrt.
Carrie Nation from the Wichita Jail,
where she Is confined for attempting to
demolish a Wichita saloon. The petition
was filed In behalf of David Nation by
W. S. Allen.
Woman Detained in Prison for Smash
ing Saloon Property Seeks
Her Release.
PETITION OF HABEAS CORPUS
ON BEHALF OF MRS, NATION
A large block of Union Pacific stock was
bought by Burlington holders In this city
with a view of uniting with the former.
It was reported in Wall Street to-day that
the new Union Pacific alliance would be
still further enlarged by the addition of
other railroads in -the Central West in
cluding,the Chicago and Rock Island.
For several years the Northwestern has
sent most of Its westbound traffic over
the Union Pacific and the latter has re
ciprocated on eastbound . business. •
- The Vanderbilts already have represen
tation In the Union Pacific directory, Mar
vin Hughitt, Roswell Miller, Horace G.
Burt, E. II. Harriman and James Still
man being regarded as friendly to Wil
liam K. Vanderbilt. The assumption is
that control will be brought about by the
naming of a majority which Is expected
to take place at an early date. The Union
Pacific stock acquired by the Northwest
ern will be treated In much the same way
as the majority of Jersey Central stock,
which was bought by J. P. Morgan & Co
for the Reading. A collateral trust bond
may be issued, but this is not yet cer
tain* Some favor a lease of the Union
Pacific to the Chicago and Northwestern
This deal was hastened by the discovery
that the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy
was anxious to secure the Union Pacific,
or a-t any rate to make a close traffic
deal with, the latter. This compelled the
Northwestern people to hurry their nego
tiations. It is still possible that the In
terests of the Burlington will be consid
ered and the three great systems will be
brought into close harmony, but the con
trol of . the Union Pacific will rest with
the Vanderbilta.
The. original scheme was to lease- the
Union Pacific to the Northwestern, but
it Is not certain whether this will be done
or not. ; The control of the former is to
be aequlretJ through the purchase of a
majority of Union Pacific stock, and this
is being done in the open market, which
accounts for the big jump In price dur
ing the last two days.
NEW TORK. Jan. 9.— W. K._ Vander
bllt's plan for the welding together of the
Union Pacific and the Chicago and North
western railroads.- which he conceived
more than a year ago, la now about to
be carried out. When It is completed it
will be found that the Vanderbilts have
a thorough through transcontinental line
of their own from the Atlantic to the
Pacific
W. K Vanderbilt Will Con
trol the Consolidated
System.
TWO RAILROADS
TO COMBINE
"Its disposition and government re^t
upon the constiution • with t .he %treatv
making power, and with Congress."
"Then does such territory 'all within
the provision which requires dutles'to be
assessed upon foods arriving from a for
•elgn eenintry ?" asked Justice Brown. •
¦¦ Before Mr. Richards could, reply -he put
the question In a different shape, say-
Ing:
¦ "Does it not cease to be a foreign coun
try?" '¦-¦-¦ "- ---.:,<¦•:¦ .;:'¦-:-¦
To this Mr.. Richards answered: "I
think not; not within the meaning of the'
customs law. .The Dingley, bill treated as
foreign all -territory outside of the-limits
of the. United States, leaving the States
and Territories then created for i customs
purposes as the United States and that
condition' remains until' Congress may see
fit to change it." ' -" ; " ;¦, - -¦ .... '.', , .
Continuin g,- Mr. . Richards . '¦ contended
! that the President has no power -to ex
tend ; the' limits of the United States." but
that the legislalve" branch of , the Govern
ment may.do so upon; whatever terms it
may see fit. He said further that the par
ties to;the treaty both knew that the lo
cation and condition- of itheV Islands ac
quired . by the .war "with Spain ¦ would - not
permit ¦ their ; incorporation into the >, Unit
ed States i and the application i to jthem of
those laws which the constitution requires
to be" uniform':^throughout- the United
States.* ¦•' . ; - ¦• -:'. • . ¦'• ¦-. '•¦ ¦ . ¦¦ .'-• '•¦"•;¦ ':'- cit-sr^
t - Mr.v Richards had ¦ concluded about I half
of his argument when the court adjourned
i for, tha day. .,' . • > - - ,
I -H. \V. -Ward, counsel for Dooler, Smith
& Co.. laid special stress uron the fact
that the position of ;tha Porto Rlcan law
providing for the collection of duties is
separate from other I carts of that law
and it is limited in ODeration in point of
time to March 1,1902. . . "¦
When Mr. Ward.'flnlshed,;SoHcltor Gen
eral Richards began the presentation of
the Government's side of the controversy,
giving especial attention to the effect of
the ratification of the Paris treaty upon
the ; relation of this country and Porto
Rico. He said that denial.: of-' the 'power
which Is being exercised by the President
and Congress. ; amounts ; to sayin<» that,
ceded territory becomes by ....e act o'
cession >an • integral part of the' United
States, to which . the , act of- cession. '- to
which the constiution of its own force ap
plies, placing Its: people, its products and
us ports on an Immediate equality with
ours and also extending the constitutional
limitations to such countries. If this was
the case, said Mr, -Richards, the treaty
making power in acquiring territory la
necessarily limited to providing for tbo
mere act of cession.
. "It is thus," he said, "stripped of Its
proper functions: : it cannot treat, it Is
lame, Impotent, Impossible, ridiculous." 1 *
Mr. RlchardB argued that newly ac
quired territory becomes :*not a part bu*
a possession of the. United States terri
tory belonging to the United States," and
he went on to say:
Mr. Coudert was followed^ by Alphonso
C. Hart, who spoke especially of the Arm
strong case,: in which the question in
volved Is the collection of duties on goods
shipped from New i'ork to Porto Rico.
He contended that the constitution of the
United States extends over every porticn
of the national domain, whether State,
Territory or district. ¦' ' .V
Mr. Coudert contended that in a case of
acquisition the dividing line is passed
when a treaty of acquisition is signed amt
ratified. "When," he said, "wo sanction
acquisition by the ratification of a treaty
we thus signalize our control of and sov
ereignty over such "territory." This, .lie
asserted, had been done In the case of
Porto Rico, in the treaty of 1898, and by
that treaty Porto Rico had become as
much a part of the United States as Cali
fornia had become in the proceedings sub
sequent, to « the war with Mexico.
Mr. Coudert expressed the opinion that
such a condition might exist temporarily
and he added that ihe Supreme Court
had recognized it in 'lealing with Tarn
pico in the case of Fleming vs. Page and
In dealing with California in the case of
Cross vs. Harrison before the acquisition
of California by the United States was
contemplated.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— Upon the re
convening of the United States Supreme
Court to-day. F.RCoudert resumed his
argument. In the Pbrib" Rlcan case, con
tinuing hiB contention that Porto Ricq is
not a foreign territory, hence It Is not
competent for Government authorities to
levy and collect duties upon arltcles im
ported from Porto Rico to New York. Be
fore taking up the thread of his argument
Mr. Coudert undertook to respond . to a
question propounded io him yesterday by
Justice Brown whether a country can
cease to be a foreign country and yet not
be a part of the United States— whether
there is an Intermediate condition.
Land May Cease to Be For
eign Yet Not a Part of -
the Government
PRECEDENT FOR
PORTO RICO CASE
EAGLE PASS. Texas., Jan. 9.— An ex
plosion of g&n in coal mine No. 5 at Hon
da Huala. Mexico, last night caused the
death of four men and the Injury of more
than twenty others, among the later be
ing three brothers named Sullivan,
maimed beyond recognition.
EXPLOSION IN A MINE
KTLLS FOTJB, WORKERS
Mondell of Wyoming produced figures
to show that if the money expended upon
the Missouri end Mississippi had been
used to reclaim the arid lands of the West
it would have been * sufficient to build
comprehensive" reservoirs at the : head ot
those streams which would have prevent
ed floods and insured navigation through
out the year. From this he argued that
the Government should immediately en
ter upon the reclamation of arid lands
in the West. - : .
Bell of Colorado argued along the same
lines and gave notice of a"n amendment
he would offer | to appropriate $300,000 for
reservoirs at he headwaters . of the Platte
and Arkansas 1 1 1 i i n i iflW'M'HIfrliWHuiyiilHiliJflii*
Newlands of Nevada spoke In favor of
a provision In the bill for the reservoirs
at the head wa ters of rivers from which
arid ' land ¦ could be irrigated; He Insisted
that It was the duty of the Government
to promote the use of water for Irrigation
as much as for navigation. The House
then at 5:05 p.' m.~ adjourned. ...
"Because a system of locks and dams
would cost $4,000,000," replied Burton, "We
provide for an expenditure, of about $2,
000,000 at the mouth -of -the Columbia in
this bill. 'If the $4,000,000 were added the
title of this bill would have to be changed
to 'A bill for the development of the Co
lumbia River.' "
Burton took the floor to make his pre
liminary statement in support of the
measure. In reply to a question by Hep
burn, Burton said the sundry civil bill
would carry about JS.OOO.OOO on contracts
previously authorized. The total appro
priations for rivers and harbors ./or the
fiscal year would therefore aggregate
about $48,000,000. He devoted an hour to
giving the committee reasons for abolish
ing the Missouri River Commission. Over
$11,000,000 had been expended on the river,
he said, with rnly trivial development of
navigation. It had less commerce to-day
than It had thirty years ago.
Clark of Missouri asked if the commit
tee would oppose an amendment to allow
the riparian owners along the Missouri
River to build dykes, or wind dams. Bur
ton replied that for himself he would not
oppose such an amendment. He thought
owners could best determine what should
be done. In order that the Missouri
should not be entirely neglected, he added,
the bill carries $300,000 for that portion of.
the river below Sioux City and $50,000 for
that portion above the city.
"Would the gentleman oppose an
amendment to confer upon the Secretary
of War authority to use the appropria
tion to confine the Missouri River with
in its present limits?" asked Hepburn.
"I should hesitate to accept such an
amendment," replied Burton. "I would
regard that as Impracticable owing to the
length of the river. Tho appropriation
would be entirely inadequate to accom
plish any general results." *
Wilson of Idaho asked why, as the com
mittee proposed to repeal the project for
a boat railway from The Dalles Rapids
to CelHo 'Falls, Wash., it had not pro
vided for the alternative proposition of
the engineers for a system of locks and
dams. ¦':¦*¦.*.
Burton, chairman of the River and Har
bor Committee, called up the river and
harbor bill. He suggested that general
debate upon the bill be limited to three
hours, but all attempts to secure an
agreement failed.
The joint resolution for the appointment
of ex-Senntor George Gray of Delaware
as member of the Board of Regents of
the Smithsonian Institution to fill the va
cancy caused by the death of the late
W. L. Wilson was adopter!.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— The House con
sidered the river and harbor appropriation
bill to-day. Little progress was made.
In a bill carrvlng such a vast sum for
lecal improvements many localities are
bound to be disappointed and there is
generally considerable, pique among the
members who tail to get what they want.
This feeling outcropped In several places
to-day, the disappointed members refus
ing to allow any limit to be placed on the
general debate. It extended throughout
the day, being seemingly no. nearer con
clusion at adjournment than when it
started." ; •
Members Refuse to Place
a Limit on General
Debate.
DISCUSS RIVED
AND HARBOR BILL
MILWAUKEE, Jan. 9.-The fine
bro'nze badger which will deco
rate the forward turret of the
new battleship Wisconsin has
Just been shipped to San Fran
j clsco for mounting on the big ship now re
1 ceiving Its finishing touches at the Union
! Iron Works. Soon will follow the com
| mlttee which will present to the ship the
j bronze ornament and the silver service
Special. Dispatch to The CalL
given by the people of Wisconsin. The
badger, which is symbolic of Wisconsin,
Is mounted on a broad shield bearing the
motto of the State, "Forward." There
too, are the plow and the fouled anchor
which appear on the arms of the com
monwealth. The entire piece Is the work
of Paul Kupper, a local sculptor. It will
set on the slope of the forward turret
from which are worked the big thirteen
inch guns.
BRONZE BADGER, GIFT OF THE PEOPLE OF WISCONSIN TO THE
BATTLESHIP OF THAT NAME, NOW BEING COMPLETED AT THE
UNION IRON WORKS.
'•That Mr. Alger did reopen the matter
at this late day, when every one but him
self seemsj to have considered It a closed
Incident, is unfortunate. To me It seeing
another case of a man sitting down with
out a chair behind him.'.'
. "It- seems to be a hodge-podge of In
accuracies as to facts and the testimony
I gave. What Mr. Alger calls my "'verbal
statements' and 'a single letter' was, In
fact, just one typewritten official report
to the commanding general of '-. the army,
and it seems to me to have- been a rather
efficient report in fulfilling Its object, as
was made manifest by the prompt abate
ment of the issue of improper focd to our
armies.' I made., the: chemical- analysis
after my return to my private laboratory
in Pittsburg and after my official report
had been sent in because there was no
opportunity for such accurate chemical
work In a. military campaign . In: a for
.elgn country, and .1 wanted to see
whether or not I was correct The Gov
ernment chemical experts sustained my
analysis' in every detail, yet the ¦¦ 'Alger
relief commission' suppressed this" report
of its own chemists and merely said in its
report to tho public that, 'inasmuch as
Dr. Daly's analysis was not sustained by
the Government's expert chemists, • he Is
not. worthy of credence.' The report WTlt
ten and signed by Chief Chemist Clark
and his assistants ought to refute any
Impeachment of my credibility. For
tunately, I ha\*c the copy of the report of
the Government chemists In my posses
sion, else it would have been a question of
veracity as between Alger, his relief com
mission and me.
. PITTSBURG, Jan. ».— Major W. H.
Daly, chief surgeon . on ' General Miles'
staff during the Spanish war, has Just re
turned to his home In this city from a
hunting trip with General Miles. . Con
cerning ex-Secretary of War Alger"s re
cently published magazine' article, . Dr.
Daly said:
Says His Analysis Disclosing Chemi
cals in the Meat Was Fully Con
firmed by the Government-
Chemists. ' "
Chief Surgeon on Staff of
(jsner: 1 Miles Speaks of
Beef Scandal.
DALY MAKES
REPLY TO ALGER
"\Vhi taker Wright's reception was of a
mixed character. He announced the di
rectors had partially arranged with cred
itors and that the company would be sail
ing smoothly again. It wouid be neces
sary, he added, to adjourn until Monday,
when he believed the shareholders would
hear that all their interests were safe,
and that the scheme for the reconstruc
tion rif the company would be provided
injuring its future prosperity. Mr. Wright
;¦".' d that he had advanced a quarter cf a
million pounds to. tide the corporation
over its struggles. Mr. Wright's further
remarks were listened to with considera
ble impatience and tbe meeting closed
•with further cheers f c • Lord and Lady
Duiferin.
Protection of Agriculture
A Berlin Eperial says: The Imperial
Chancellor, Count von Bulow, in the low- ;
er House of the Diet to-day strong-Iy i
supported the claims for the protection ;
of agriculture. He said:
"1 consider It the foremost duty cf the i
Government to effect a reconciliation in ;
the existing economic difficulties and the '
adjustment of the varying interests sup
porting thope who are unable to herp
themselves through their own strength.
I snail abide by the opinion that when
one member of a special body suffers and
the members suffer, especially that as
long as such an important vocation as
agriculture is ur.heaithful, the entire or
ganization must be undermined. I am
convinced that It is the duty of the Gov
ernment to afford trade, industry- and ag
riculture an equal measure of protection, i
but that one of them, agriculture, abso- 1
lutely needs strong protection. It is in !
pursuance of this principle of even-handed ;
justice that the bill for the completion :
£nd improvement of the canal has been )
drawn up. If The measure favored Indus- j
try at the expense of agriculture or the :
West monarchy to the detriment of the !
East, I would not have supported it."
Irford Dufferin added that he felt when
two such eminent men were connected
with the concern he could legitimately
join. He soon discovered he had bitier
opposition from persons trho desired his
resignation. Hoping that a depreciation
of the securities would not follow, he
Ftuck to his position and investments, and
thougrh a greater sufferer than most of
the shareholders, he bad no regret if he
had helped to convince them of his good
faith. Later he four.d the duties to be a
physical strain beyond his advancing
ve.ars and he wanted to withdraw, but
was haunted by the fear of a detrimental
effect and held on to the chairmanship
until he received news of the serious con
dition of h:s young son. when he yielded
to the motber'a prayer to take her at
once to t^J-uth Africa, He sent In his
resignation with a clear conscience, be
lieving that the surrender of his position
u::d«r ?uch circumstances was natural
and that none would dream of placing a
sinister interpretation on It. He had no
anticipation then that the London ard
Globe would default from its engage
ment on the Stock Exchange. The- news
reached him in Ireland, and in the pres
er.ee of such a calamity be felt that any
private consideration must be sunk.
In conclusion Lord Dufferin. wtft was
deeply moved, declared that the patience
end generosity with which those present
had heard him would be one of the bright
est souvenirs of his old age. He took his
seat amid loud cheers.
LONDON. Jan. 9.— Amid cries of "turn ;
him out," hootirg and other hostile Inter
ruptions, the Marquis of Dufferln and
Ava, chairman of the suspended London
and Globe Finance Corporation, Limited,
at the extraordinary meeting of the corn- |
pany called for to-day succeeded in at
least temporarily appeasing tho wrath of
the shareholders. The hall was packed
ar.d the disorders were evidently support
ed bv a considerable faction, as warm
cheering was mingled with the hisses and
hoots.
As a result of the explanations of the
directors the shareholders voted an ad
journment until Monday, when a scheme
for the reconstruction of the concern
wi!l be submitted.
Ix>r>3 Dufferin spoke with evident emo
tion as he explained his personal relations
with the corporation, and the result of the
meeting was largely a tribute to him- 1
self. During the course of his remarks ,
he explained that he was induced to ac- j
cept tb? chairmanship at the solicitation \
of the late Lord Loch and Sir William i
riobinson.
After Explaining His Connection
• With the Concern, Hoxrever, the
Harquis Beceives En
thusiastic Cneers.
Wrath of Shareholders of
the Defunct Financt
Corporation.
HOOTING GREETS
LORD DUFPERIN
The Fire I>epartrnent responded quickly.
Thf Brooklyn fireboats. the David Boody
and the Seth Low. went 'to the fire and
found DO room to work, when the steam
ship Coya. which recently arrived -from
Callao. was cut adrift from the .burning
pier shed and moved outside into the ba
sin. There her crew, having set the
pumps working, fought the flames with
the deck hose and before long: had the
fire under control.
On the other side of the p!er was lying
the tramp steamer St. Dunstan, from Liv
erpool, with a cargo of fruit and sugar.
Her crew hurr'.ecl on dec-K when the Idle
wild banned alongside, rushed over the
side and managed to get ashore, while
the fireboats took care of the abandoned
ship, quenched the llamee after her deck
house had caught fire and her port side
had been badly bllsterec, and then set her
adrift.
Th* Idlewild meanwhile had burned to
the water's edge and a couple of lighters
also had been destroyed. Fire tugs and
engine companies were pouring their
streams into the. burning stores, but the
water v,as swallowed up in steam, and
the best that could be done was to keep
the edge of the burning pier drenched and
prevent the fire from spreading.
By 4 o'clock the llam<?6 had died down
to a smoulder in the bales and debris that
had settled-upon the piling.
Alvord Pleads Guilty.
Cornelius L. Alvord Jr., the former note
teller of the First National Bank, was
arraigned before Judge Thomas In the
X.'nited States Court, criminal branch, to
day and pleaded guilty to three counts
of an indictment charging him with em
bezzling $7C0,000 from the bank named.
The Indictment contained fifty-seven
counts. Alvord will be sentenced Tues
day, January 15.
Californians in New York.
The following Californians are In Kew
York: From San Francisco— J. Brennan
is at the St. Denis; J. P. Elsenbach is at
the Herald Square; J. H. Henderson Is at
the Imperial; W. W. Stetthelmer is at the
Holland: W. L. Stevenson Is at the Grand;
Mrs. S. Kelly Is at the Albert; E. Wolf is
at the Imperial.
From Los Angeles-G. Purcell Is at the
St. Denis.
From Oakland— J. Edwards is at the
Bay State.
NEW YORK. Jan. 9.— In an early morn-
Ing fire li» the Erie Basin front that light
ed up South Brooklyn. Beard's shipping
stores,, at the foot of Richards street,
were partially destroyed; an excursion
steamer, the ltllewlld, was burned to the
water's edge: one fireman was injured and
close upon fifty seamen narrowly escaped
with their lives. The total loss Is esti
mated at J5WJD0O.
The lire started, no one knows how, on
board the Idlewild about 1 o'clock. The
steamer was lying just inside the break
water, from which point the drifted as
toon as she was out louse directly across
th»* Erie Ba5in and up against one of
Hoard's pier heads. In a very short time
the big covered pier, where jute and cot
ton \v< j re stored in bales, was In flames
from piling: to roof.
Vessels and Wharves Burnsd and a
Loss" of Half a Million
Dollars Is Sus-
Fiftj Seamen Have a Close
Call but Escape
BLAZE 0N ERIE
BASIN FRONT
THE SAX FRAXC1SCO CAI^L, THURSDAY^ JANUARY, 10,
BADGER IN BRONZE FOR
BATTLESHIP WISCONSIN
Citizens of Name State Forward Ornament
for War Vessel's Turret.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— The Senate to
day confirmed the following nominations:
F. W. Mowrer of Ohio, Consul at Antigua,
W. I. ; Oscar F. Williams of New Tork,
Consul General at Singapore; J. B. Boyd,
United States District Judge of the West
ern District of North Carolina: Jacob
Triber. United States District Judge for
the Eastern District of Arkansas; Rodney.
G. Clarke, to be Postmaster at Demlng,
N. Mex.;. Nolan L. Chew of Indiana, to
be Deputy Auditor of the Postofflce De
partment, to succeed Abraham L. Lawshe,
resigned; Cyrus F. Adams of Illinois, to
be Assistant Register of the Treasury, to
succeed Nolan L. Chew, transferred.
to Be Consul General at
Singapore,
Oscar F. Williams of New York City
PRESIDENTIAL NOMINEES
CONFIRMED BY SENATE
"Cruiser Nor Yacht.
LONDON. Jan. 9.— The unfortunate new
royal yacht Victoria and Albert, which
has been a source of. trouble to her de
signers and builders from the very start,
is now. It Is stated, practically con
demned. It Is understood that three
quarters of & million pounds sterling
($3,730,000) has already been expended on
the construction of the vessel.
G. L. Watson of Glasgow, who was
commissioned by the Admiralty to in
spect the yacht, spent some time on her
recently with Admiral Fullerton and other
officials. - It Is pointed out that the Vic
toria and Albert was designed by men
accustomed to building warships. Con
sequently they made her the strang«
blend of a pleasure vessel and a cruiser.
In fact when the Prince of "Wales saw the
vessel he said her designers had attempt
ed a yacht and produced a cruiser— a very
poor one, too.
Inspected by Watson, Who States
That the Craft Is Neither
ENGLAND'S EOYAi YACHT IS
PBACTICAT.T.Y CONDEMNED
CHICAGO, Jan. 9.— Private funeral serv
tces over the body of the late Philip D.
Armour were held at 11 o'clock to-day at
the Armour residence, 2115 Prairie avenue.
Following the services at the house the
body was taken to the Armour Institute,
where from noon until 3 o'clock it lay in
state and was viewed by thousands of
people, including- throngs of employes
from the ?reat packing bouses and other
business interests of the dead millionaire.
Many of the men stood for hours in tha
street for an opportunity to get a last
glimpse of their former friend and em
ployer.
The services at the house were of the
simplest character, carrying oat the ex
press wishes of the deceased, and were
attended only by the family and close
friends. Singing was furnished by the
choir of the Second Presbyterian Church.
Mr. Armour's two favorite hymns, "Jesus.
Lover of My Soul," and "Now I Lay Me
Down to Sleep." were, sung followed oy
a solo, "Be Still.? E>r. Gunsaulus of
Plymouth Congregational Church, where
Sir. Armour formerly attended services,
then offered a prayer and read the twen
ty-third Psalm and the fourteenth chap-'
ter of St. John.
The home was flll-d with flowers. They
came from everywhere, many beautiful
pieces being sent on cable orders from far
off countries and from employes In nearly
every Large city of the country.
At 2 o'clock public funeraJ services were
held In Armour Institute, and here again
simplicity -was observed in every arrange
ment. Dr. Gunsanlus delivered no funeral
sermon, simply reading from the fifteenth
chapter of First Corinthians. Singing by
the choir followed and the vast crowd
then united In the- Lord's Prajrer. After
the conclusion of the service* the coffin
was taken to a special funeral train and
conveyed to GraceJand Cemetery, where
the body was laid to rest in the Armour
lot.
The Commercial Crab and the St. An
drew Society, of which Mr. Armour was
a member, attended the services in a body.
Representatives of the firm from Omaha.
Kansas City, New Tork and many other
cities were also present.
Vast Throng Gathers to
Take a Last Look at
the Remains.
MILLIONAIRE
ARMOUR'S FUNERAL
3
• I mart again scad a few lines to yon to let
¦you knoir how I am yettinjr along since taking
the wonderful medicine which cored me two
vezn ago " writes .Miss Bertha
f ,jn Ebeler, cf 1416 Ben ten Street,
//yi St. Lcmis. Mo. "I still continue
ft» If I* in very good health and think
TTfi^Tr there ia not ¦ better medicine on
/JKSPT'/f earth Oian Dr. Pierce"* Oolden
G?. # /A] Medical Discovery. It if the best
fig* fit tiling for nervou»nej6 end for a
JP«Clf Iff weai, run-down condition, that
Bg«KMf aaybodr would wnnt. It gives a
TjSf j-% person new life and new blood.
without feeling The least hit tired.
I was verv nervous and weak last summer. I
took fir* bottles of Dr. Pierce** Golden Medical
Discovery and it jurt made me feel lilte a *ew
person."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets stimulate
the liver.
sands in an Indian famine, not
ft. &% because of lack of food but be-
H JjJ ca'^se ccste superstition prevents
them from accepting it. Even
J in America there are still to be
found those v.ho believe that healing
herbs lack virtue unless gathered during
certain phases of the moon.
The great foe of superstition is science.
Every year science increases the terri-
tory of the natural at the -|
expense of the super- M
natural.
Doctor Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery 5R§^
achieves its successful C^rJr
cures because it is a *tt«^ v
scientific preparation orig- 1§W
inated by a scientific man. j0
It cures diseases of the _ _
stomach and other organs of digestion
and nutrition, purifies the blood aud
establishes the body in sound health.
As the writer of the following letter
says, "It is the best thing for nervous-
ness and for a weak run-down condition
that anybody would want. It gives a
person new life and new blood."
* Golden Medical Discovery" contains
no alcohol and is free from opium, co-
caine and othe»- narcotics.
Has been responsible for much of human
mortality. Men and women die by thou-
ADVEBTISE2IEIJTS.
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
Over-Work Weakens
Your Kidneys.
Unhealthy Kidneys Blake Impure Blood.
All the blood in your body passes through
your kidneys once every three minutes.
fThe kidneys are your
blood purifiers, they fil-
ter out the waste or
impurities in the blood.
Iftheyarcslckorcut
ef order, they fall to do
their work.
Pains, aches and rheu-
matism come from ex-
cess of uric add In the
blood, due to neglected
kidney trouble.
, Kidney trouble causes quick or unsteady
heart beats, and makes one feel as though
they had heart trouble, because the heart 13
over-working in pumping thick, kidney-
poisoned blood through veins and arteries.
It used to be considered that only urinary
troubles were to be traced to the kidneys,
but now modern science proves that nearly
all constitutional diseases have their begin-
ning in kidney trouble.
If you are sick you can make no mistake
by first doctoring ycur kidneys. Tha mi!d
and the extraordinary effect of Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp- Root, the great kidney remedy is
soon realized. It stands the highest for its
wonderful cures of the most distressing cases
and is sold on its merits f^JL^r*
by all druggists in fifty- gaffiWgfgilaJ^ita'JBJi^i
cent and one-dollar siz-SiT^^H^/H^^j
es. You may have a* 63^^^^^
sample bottle by mail hubs of swamjvRoot.
free, also pamphlet telling you how to find
out if you have kidney or bladder trouble.
Mention this paper when writing Dr. Kilmer
& Co., Binghamton. N. Y.
£v;s:r OR- -JORDAN'S great $
{BSiSSEUES OF AflflTQglTf
ff 0) iKiyASiKtt.teteil7A.sjr.fci.i
\ Cf TheLsrjnctAtmtomicmlMtunmmthe \
A _rtJ -„ V/ond V- r.titrm or aiy comraclrd •
rXZ VM <Sa*»*c pc-tiU»cly tmrmi by the oldest X
(5 |j; .'fl &pca&!Utc» the Cost Ett36jro£». $
(i 4^>r^| E&- iiORu.iN-PSIVATE DISEASES*
A PwST&B Camtlmian free and strictly private \
/>* £ TJt'W U Tit ttweni pefiOis;!])" nr by tetter. KB
V •' tf V? W f**J— Cfcretaoery ewe undertaken. \
6&B ii» WhM for Book. PHIIiuOSOPBVcKi
V » n Is * j:tnui'.(-r., mailso fkxz. I Aw
A (i fir' nlui^e book for mm) ' •' l 'A''
1 Bwhyeari supply §1
m y& & v^**y sm^ll cost * J|
Every pair of shoes must be disposed of at the Komfort'i *j&
i* ;^. Retiring Sale. We don't want to have a single pair left at th» jf#
y$ end. We will not either if the crowds still continue to come *U&
j,^ and buy as they have. Prices on everything: are cut down war jfi['
&jj£ below maker's cost. ¦ .
||| Why, infants' shoes of fine Idd are sroinff for 4Oc *$S
f'F' Children's shoes, sizes 6 to 8, with spring heel«, can be had $3
M for COc. . •• x -¦.-¦ J#
|s' Men's calfskin shoes, good reliable makes, are selline for '$?L
$£] $1.G5. ' Cg
'**; Think of it! Rubbers for ladies are »old for as low as Re « $|
ftv! pair. - 2S
£wv v - . . . . Tg*.
<0: Ladies' felt Romeos, in black and red, are yours for TT5c a vV
!©¦ Ladies' patent leather slippers are marked down to 31. IO. £fc
•#$ Ladies' kid sliDDers. in black or red, are reduced to $1.10. 2a
*Vf- Call while the assonment is still good and buy a year's sap- $.!
S&I ply of shoes; you will save money by it. ¦&£
iVJV. Store closes at 6 p. m. Saturdays at n p. m, . t '. ;i^- J. •
1 The fSomfort 1
1 • 704 Market jst J|Scuthera Pacific's Defense.
TTOOri-ANP. Jaa. &.— The Soathera .i
PacI5c CcnpiST, drfeT,«iszt tn three suit* \
for daciagfs brcurfst l»y Oeorg» A. Plares j
and wife, has £I*J a rvrtiticn for Use r*- \
njo\Til <ot th* ca?* feroa the Superior Court !
of Tuba Ocaniy so ti*e United States I>J«- «
tncivdeart cf . Nprth^rc: Caiiforaia.. Tls« '
r»a««j« rivea are thai tn* suits ar* be- j
tw**a rer*Ms* wfeo *r* cot reskients «»f !
tfce *arae State, th* plaint :T* residljat in «
CaSfarni* ark: the d«fiad*x:t ia Kca
tccky. '
DALLAS, Tex.. Jan. *.— Dan A. Stcart
i$ at h«ne fsr a few day?, havlag cense
here direct frera Carson, Nevada. Staxrt
«*!>•» he ;« etaine&tly c«tca»ed with the r --
glllstlc sitcatlca ta Nevada aad expects
co lerisiatlve char.grs deirtsaertal to the
epcrt. H« is cf the rpinlca that eveJi
should a new cor.sUruiSen be provided or
vie rresent csKwtitiitJv^n acsesded. tise pro
\-tsJcas gpvenU=g pcgiUsrs win not be dls
tcrbed. On futcre «-l;iE:pisiiship evest?
he t3trre*sed hiziself la a cratided \-«ia,
"I erjiect to briar ©JT a: Zeas: a. fceavy
w»lj:fc: aad a Urfet^v-isfct cfc^mptonsalp
fight to a fcnte h ta ray Carsja artx^i at the
sporting carnival to I»e held dcrtsj ihe
oM-iri: S7rtr.g cr sc-mntr. I tnciice ta
the epSnion shtt. the fwo biir ttrht* will
be between Jasses J- JeSrie* and Rabert
F!t*sts=sare» aafl Terrv MrGovera acd
Kii Bread ta their re-oectiv* clasjes.**
STUART PUTS HIS
FAITH XX JTEVADA
Says He Will Bring Off Fights for
the World's Heavyweight aad
U. crht"sr»igrht Championships.
J. Berrin.
A commun!rat!oa wss read from Presi
dent McKtnlev. acknowledjrlrc receipt cf
the cfcsmber"* invi;at!on to \islt Los Ar.
gr'e? aiid eiprfs?tr.g thanks fcr the coar
*** .e? : r\trr;deJ by th<» people cf th!s sec
tlea. Ke farther states that the daJte far
his visit to the West nts not been defin
itely decided ,vpoa.
G-ecrg* H. Stewart; on lands. John R.
Norton: en mines. W. G. Kerckhoff; crt
ways *rd means. Charics H. Toll; on st*
tif.ics, H. S- McKee; on law. W. J. Kua
e«ier: en merr.b<er*ltSr>. Ei. F. C. Klokke:
ca hotels,- N. B. Biickstcne; ca parks, J.
I.O5 ANT.ELES. Jan. S.— At the annual
meeting cf the Chamber cf Commerce to
dty, A. B. Cass was elected president.
Tne ether cfScxrrs were chosen as follows:
First vie* president. Y\ Q. Story; second
vice pre«*Jest, Fred K. Rule; treasurer.
\T. C. Patterson: cnraaiUtee chairmen— On
cetsmerce. M. J. New mark: on manufac
ture*. Hosier I.a-.-.ct: ::.-.; en tnamiirraUon,
Fresideat Aclnrowledgvs the Iavita
tioa Extended by the Cham
ber of Commerce.
U0S A^GELENOS RECEIVE
MESSAGE FROM McKINLEY
Ag^rsrs Asrlcra Managers Receive a
X^) KOXrr FOK COTTAGEa
IHsAppcintiaent.
SAN JOSE. Jan. f.-Tfc* p'.an to build
ccf.ajw* tn acct-rnmodate the ir.creasirjr
r.umber of patients at AgMva Insane
Asyiura has r.?>T reccivr-v! much encouraire
rr.f5t frum the Ftate Lur.acy Commission
ar.d the hop* of the board of manager*
to obtain ar. xrTrorristron for this pur
r<** has vm&tafesd. T>.:» was the dlscour
axirjf ar.r.ctjr.cf>mer.t made at the meet
!rg cf the asylum board to-day. Recently
Pr. Crar.e r.nd other m«asb*r» ef the
boas-3 waited urs^a the commission to
urge tis; bod»- :c< ask fcr legislative as
s'.star.ce to Qelray the co#t cf a number
of cottage*. In his report to-day Dr.
Orar.e *ay* the cr:rrsi<sij.a received the
surresf.pr. "wtth srr.tr.xlikr silrnce as In
srrutaKi* as :: w£< The lo
cal board ha* built two cf the cottages
and ha» ascther under construction all
bni!t frrrs the reir.iUr arrr^rrlatior. fcr
t^e patnT>n>new of asylum. With
legislative aid :t expected to build three
rsore.
There are r.rw ?n pat!<r.ts la Agnews
Ajry'urr., S?I cf whons ere females..
NO TRACE OF SIRS. MOORE.
Vaia Searcii tor a 2lissiiig Seattle
Wcaan.
ffEATTT-i:. Jan. > -The ssystfrr repard
tr.p th* d'sarpearonc* cf 34rR- Laura J
Meere. wfco lert her fconte ca last Satur
day a*tera««n,. is alarnir.c her hasbar.d.
Charles J. Mocr*. c=d her frier^is aad
reiarrve*. Ttie potlc* ktv* u«sl everr
?STort to locate the wctn.aru but have
filled, ar.d her hushasfl has c.^ramarl
c*.ied with pcrscss ia alrao»t everx city
la the State without <^iciv;r.R ar.r tn'orTajT
tis« re^aLrtftrjt her tnov^taents sebsecuent
t!» her leavir.g h^me. Mtv>re yald he wa.*
t* ctuch ta th* dark to-day regartit-r h<»
wife"? whereabouts as he was the d*v
*rj*r rfc-ic was tr,ts**d from h-t>tse. Ilis cci'v
<"»rla-;a.zs<»ri ta rejrard t«» b*r absence !»
that Phs> trcjt hare wandered away whii«
fi:s*tly dfmer.red.
For tsfirse day* rrevtcus its her £isa;»-
T**r»=;c*. he «ar»» *>•* cotsr-alned of ceu
ra^cta ia th* fcead. and the paia ssust have
caused aa attack c? lasarltj. Mrs. Mx<re
i» S» years ct ag*. but is described as *p
reartr^ ta b* not taore than ».
Dc^i?d I-iqccr license.
SANTA BARBARA. Jta, S.-Ther* w»»
a mpirtUfi sessJsa cr ih* Board cf Sur>er
i-l»?r» this aacir^njr to kr^r obiectior.s
rrrm resiirrts cf Gvlr:a rccardlar the is
f ct a l:r-?r Uce.-s* to one MlrratU.
who h« cerducte-i a «ilocn tn tea: tseUra
t>j-r»<r»cic. Tfce coe'*»-;*s:s »*r» wr-re
¦ ¦¦»«.<» >r £=S« It Tv Cantleld, wh»
ts^ed that the Uc*=s# b* der.ted ca the
grccr.d thaj the s.rrU-x::.-va did net have
th* sigratrr** cf t« freeholder* r**iil-s
yttfcBl a x&L.* of th* td»r«. as th» ws-
ty crtUtuLac* recclrrd. Tt^s tech-'ra^v
w*» ecpiiered Fu£c:«t by the bairt ar^i
the et-Jecticn cf ccmr-s-I frr M ¦'rra-t w»«
pr»rrc!ed. Thre* ct>.*r Uc^-.^i Var *a
.ix«jp t= ruraa districts Jr. tfe* «yati-m
part ef th« cosrty were deai«C
?
XTarttd by Hi* Creditcrs.
SEATT1X. Can. *.— Tfc» pcCk^ are
warriirjc f^r Georg* Gibson. a ireij.
kscwa scafarlrjr csaa. fcrcerly cf Oak
land, who is areused ef leavt-g his cred
itor* ta tb* Inch: Oltaadana disaLr-4*^
altrr New Year's day. He w£ K^
r^td fuss cf tscr.ey to wrrkscr. and crt>*
!'•> rs oo Jar.i>*ry Z. and w*sen he faiS^sj •¦>
*rp**£ with tie lawco- * *u*;3cloo axt»ii
that £» had left t*s* «tv secret'r v-i
iriv^stigauon trowed that the c*a h*d
wtthdrm»-a ail d the ncaey which he htd
ccrticr frvjcj th* North Assericaa Trad
tec atsd Trar^^rtatiisa CNssapasjr. *»=e
punicatM with, fcu: they have failed to
Jocate him.
2ffaria> Grind Znxy Adjocra*
PAN ItAFAEU J*a. »,-Tce Mara
Grand Jury ccRclaiei its labor* to-£ay.
Jn tt* report cocatv affairs arw fcurtd
to bo in a fiaarisfctar cooittWi. SberiflT
Taylor w*ji eemr^inarmct! ca tfc* &•? coa
dtuon cf the Cour.tr Jan. After rvcf=J
m*nd!r.K that th« wtU aed p*rs!?:er.t <u-.
delicn be rJck*d froat the cctcrchac**
lawn, the 3ur>"» labors c****i. Cta* t=
«!!«sjer.t »** fv*cc«I by- tfer> jury, bat the
Identity of Hie accused Krsoa reaales a
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 9.— The United
States Grand Jury made Us final report
yesterday and has been discharged.
In a!! six indictrmnts were found, five
of which have not yet been made public
owing: to the fact that the persons in
dicted have not been arrested.
Two queries propounded by the jury to
Judge Wellborn and the answers of the
court are of interest to every attorney in
the State and to all persons interested in
the oil Industry. »
September U last Judge Ross in his de
cision of the case of the Cosmos Ex
ploration Company against' the Gray
Eagle Oil Company called the attention of
the United States District Attorney to
some of the affidavits filed in the suit in
the following languace:
"In conclusion I think it proper to say
that from the nature of the affidavit's
tiled in these- cases it is manifest that
tome of the affiants have committed will
ful and deliberate perjury. The attention
cf the United Sta.cs Attorney for this
district is therefor* directed to the mat
ter, that he may brirsit affidavits to
the attention of the Grand Jury now im
paneled for this district, that they may
carefully look into ifcera and take such
action as may bt> found necessary." •
The queries propounded bv the Grand
Jury were in regard to the jurisdiction or
that body with reference these affi
davits, and Judge Wellborn: after citing
authorities, drams the following conclu
sion:
"From the definition of perjury, as
quoted and explained from and by the
foregoing statute ar.d authorities. " it k*
clear and beyond doubt that to constitute
false swearing in an affidavit and made In
the course cf a judicial proceeding the
court must have jurisdiction of «uch pro
ceed ings.
"Appqrtas this rule of law to the postu
lates assumed in your question -my. con
clusJen is that since the affidavits to
which you refer w^re used ar.d designed
for use In a suit of which the court «tu
¦without jurisdiction the persons making:
the affidavits, hpwever great their moral
delinquency, are no; amenable to an ia
dictmeat for p*rjury.*"
No Authority to Bring In
Indictments for
Perjury.
JURORS LUCK
JURISDICTION
Social Ptsretch t» The Call.
TTTMA. Arts.. Jan. P.— Thomas Hart,
who shot and killed Under Sheriff M. B.
Pevane last nlpht. while the latter was
attempting: to arrest him and his two
partners for the theft of a case of whisky,
was captured early this morning in the
railroad yards and placed in jail with
more than a score of other strangers
picked up in different parts ot the
town ar.d surrounding country. His guUt
xvas r.ot learned until after 10 o'clock this
tnorninjt. when John Cody and James
Ray, who had been identified by different
witness** as being two of the men who
were wanted, turned State's evidence and
branded Hart as the murderer.
Cody anJ Ray. who are tramps, claim to
have known Hart, who is a srajirt, well
dressed fellow, but two days. It is be
lieved he is a desperate crock wanted
somewhere for a serious offense, and this
fact led him to murder the officer who
attecapted to arrest him.
¦ An excited thrortir of citisens crowded
about the Courthouse and jail all fore
noon, and threats of lynching were made-
It is probable these would have been car
ried out. but the murderer was removed
from the Cour.ty Jail to the Territorial
rcr.itrntia.ry while nearly the entire pop
c'ation whs attending the funeral cf the
murdered man this afternoon.
Save Under Sheriff Devane's
Murderer From Mob
Violence.
YUMA OFFICIALS
FOIL LYNCHERS
CHIXD BBZAKS DOW2f
on wrrxESs staxd
little One Overcome by Eaiotion
While Describing the Murder
of Its Mother.
Al*Bt"RX. Jan. 8L— There was a p*thetlc
stfae to-tliiy during tfce tri&l of Russell
Landi^, charged with the killing of his
wife and Constable ClydesdaJe. The 1*
vear-cld daughter of the defendant was oa
the witness *:icd. She descrtbedv th«
shcotinc cf Mrs. l-ar.<i:s aad told how sSe
had rea to her mother, who was lying on
the rroand. cryinir "Mother, mother, are
you hunT" but could pet no repiy. TThta
she reached this rvir.t In her testiaaony
the child broke down aud cocld net ccn
:u;-v\ Half of those in the cocrtrooa
cried is sympathy with her.
la his ci»rs* to tise i^ry yesterday
Ju<2«re Prewett made- the rmtier ur.u«u."U
order that Jurers 5hou!d tefraln frota
dricldsg tatoxicant? while en duty, dtins
several case* wherein the Supnense Coart
had granted new trials upon the>* proxtad
tbat jurors bad partaken too freely ot
StlSIUi&&t&
Burned In. Mine Expiosiaa.
NANAIMO. ». C. J*a. SL—SapertateTid
eai Alexander Fa-j^s of the Alexandra
E5ia« at South WeHimrton, fcrc:eriy raaa
aper cf the Roslyn raiae* in WasMnfrton.
w*s shortdnsly turned to-<iay abcat tise
he«d «ad bedv by in tijtojioa cf Srt
danp in the Aiexanvira nine, which had
cot beea worked for a fortnlcfct. Faul<!5,
*eccirpaa!eid by * soa &ped IJL -«rpnt dc^ra
tb* i»ncri:iC4srs. e*rry*rie &a crdisary ¦• laa
tern. They Ss*d not been dowxs Icny be>
for* there w*s a trcaesdocs explcj'oa.
It J* beared the father w£| die.
SarrisGZi Gulch Snowed Tt^.
REDDING. Jary !l— The first cew& jtace
the treat storca was received to-day irtca «
H«rris«« OuSeh. Coaraaglcattca by «*s*l
fcas b»*n eoncpteteiy cut off. Two ra*a I
covered fc«irte*n cules <sa saowshsjes. ;
walked yorsie dtstaoc* and fisalSy «4»tii~e<d '
a t«>veyance. arrivtafr here this aoraiai: 1
t»» »«ii * b*lf d*jrs after th«tr sxmrtT j
Tbey r»?ert s»wa ttft o! «sev tt tb«>
smlclx. " The Mtia ? |xija ralae. etnployiay I
S? csfn. t? shut down fcr wacx of wood I
and water. - . ¦• - : . . ¦-. . , \
Battleship Ftrad Coaipleted.
SEATTLE. £*xl :,«.— The battleship f«ad
h»s t»eea comyieted, the oasrribatloaa b*-
tn^ W2» ta excess oi the s^ssa rexjsired.
iloraa Bros, will now pet Use coctnet far
oce of tha new warships.
FRESNO, Jan. %—. A eks* of VnnEpox
was reported ia this city to~&qr rrosa
Del Rev. a ssulH staUoa several saOes
'roa Fresatv Miss Koberts, a xoua^ lady
who arrived a sfcert tta* aya £rara-Xe
braLsta, has b««is sick for tea slays with *
stUd t ana ci tlse disease. ¦¦- •¦
Sn&Upcx at Del Bey.
Theatrical Kan a Fiernter.
SAX JOSE, Jks. 9.— J. H. Kennedy, th
adraace airest of ths "Way Down Eas;"*
Ccapaay, which". ts j shortly to "'."appear at
the Victory Theater, asd Fr*&k McGlynss.
*¦ local 1 a=a:#ur scrapper, were before
Jesiiee Cofcb this taorsing on a charge af
fichtiEir. The nea po: tato : trouble scar
the Pabs: Cafe last s!?at and a Uvely
ccxnbatt ensued. ' Wtsea separated Kennedy
was fast — prattta?- It over— the local light.
capitalists who recently pnrchased the
Eveair.5 HeraJd from Senator Ebortridg-a
filed articles Incorporating the Herald
Company to-day. Fifty taocsand dollars
is the capital stock, of wtoJeii HSjKO ha*
oeen subscribed. The directors are J. O
Hayej. y. P. Lyon, C Al. Wocster. L. IL
Bc=:x and Nicholas Bowdea. J. O. aad
E. A- Hayes of EfieavaJe axe the principal
stockholders. The p*p«r tills evening aa
coucces that J» O. Hayes wtu be business
rsasawr.
Herald Company Incorporates.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 5,— The *yu<U«ue cf
STOCKTON. Jan. S.— The work of re
lauvlug the shops and rf-uni house which
the Valley road constructed in this city
to Point Richmond wa« commenced this
morning, when the .first trainload of ma
terial left StocViom for the point. All ma
chinery and material from the vards on
McDougald cana! and a part of the round
house building itself are to be moved at
once. -<_- -;> _
Many ef the laea have alreadv sent th"ir
families to Richmond and the ethers wi!l
go before the month Is past. It Is esti
mated that there are at least SO emplovcs
of the Santa Fe residing in Stockton now
¦who -wtl! be compelled to move to Point
Richmond.
Exactly half way between Point Rich
mond and Baker?f.e!<l is the little station
of Ly Orande, The division headquarters
are withSn a few racaths to b* removed
from Fresno to Le Graisfie. A big round
house win be erected at the latter uorct
and It will be made the end of the run
each way from BakersSeld aad from Point
Richracad.
REMOVING CABSHOPS
TO POINT RICHMOND
Santa Fe Company Begins the Trans
fer of Machinery From
Stockton.
SEATTLE, Jan. 3.— The steamship Dlrl
go arrived this afternoon and brought
startling news from Sltka. The Indians
.at that place, who were recently padded,
became troublesome again and on the Slst
of December shot Captain Baranoff, an
old pioneer of Sitka. while he wa3 in his
boat in the bay b^low the town. -
According to the story which is told by
Purser Baker and one of the engineers
cf the Dlrisro. who were the only officers
to go ashore during the steamship's stay
at that port, the body of Captain Baranoft
was found In his boat with his gun beside
it on the afternoon of the Slst of Decem
ber. At first it was thought lhat some
accident had discharged the srun, but
afterward a small boy who was on the
shi->re near by when the tragedy occurred
said that he saw iwt Siwashes steal up
the beach and shoot through the bodv of
the row boat, killinir.the old man.
The troubles of thf- Sltka Indians had
for some time been causing uneasiness on
the part of the whites, for the natives
were in a big majority and it was only
the presence of the military that kept
them in order. These troubles arose over
totems and s<?t all the clans against one
another. They were cxrried into court
and during the rakl-ile of December were
settled by arbitration. t
¦ . I *
Captain Baranoff Meets Death
at the Hands of Two
Natives.
- »
Sjxwial Dispatch to The Call.
SITKA INDIANS
SLAY A WHITE
OIL NEAR SAN DIEGO.
Fair Strike Made in Well of Victoria
Company
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 9.— There Is consider
able excitement on the streets this even
ing on account of a report which has
been authenticated of a strike- In the oil
well of the Victoria Company about four
and a half miles north of Encinitas. The
well is within forty miles of San Diego
and therefore about fifty miles south of
any previous find of oil in the State. The
strike is by no means a gusher, and un
less a greater amount of oil is found
it Is doubtful if the stock would pay
anv large dividends trom the yield of
the well. The superintendent of the well
and President Woodward of the company,
as well as others who are competent to
Judge of oil and oil finds, assert that if
the well were cleaned out and worked at
its present depth it would be a producing
well to the extent of ten barrels of oil
per day. The owners of the . company
have no intention of stopping where they
are at the depth of only 630 feet, but will
put the drill down through the present
stratum of oil and Into the third stratum.
which is usually the one carnrinsr the
largest quantity of oil in Southern Cali
fornia.
AUTT-SALOON OBDXWANCE,
to Santa Cruz Supervisors.
Proposed Prohibition Lavr Submitted
PANTA CRUZ. Jan. 9.— The Rev. J. R.
Knodell, representing the Anti-Saloon
League, has been before the Board of Su
pervisors and read and submitted a pro
posed amendment prohibiting 1 the licens
ing: of saloons in Santa Cruz County, and
petitioned the board to set & flay for the
hearing of the same. The day set by the
Supervisors was February 6 at 10 a. m.
The Supervisors ordered that the Dis
trict Attorney be directed to prepare and
submit an ordinance upon similar lines
in conformity with his views and present
it to the board.
This is the result of the people of the
county voting- at the last election against
the saloon. The result affected only those
points outside of the lncorportated cities
of Santa Cruz and Watsonville. It is said
that the towns of Boulder Creek. Ben
Lomond and Soquel are to incorporate, so
that any liquor ordinance that may be
passed will not apply to them.-.
Acordlnc to the ordinance submitted by
the Anti-Saloon League It shall be unlaw
ful to have i saloons in the county after
April 3) next.
MUST PAY THEIR DEBTS.
Court Decision Affecting Irrigation
VI5ALJA. Jan. 9.— In the Superior Court
of Tulare County. Jnd^e W. B. Wallace
to-day decided the case of Charles J.
Boscowit* against W. M. Thompson, the
Tax Collector of Tipton Irrigation dis
trict. The decision is that Irrigation d:s
tricts must pay their debts, and thai pur
chasers of bonds must be protected. It
will have far-reachine effect.
Plans for a Courthouse.
MARTIXE21. J»n. ?. — At a. meeting of
th» Ecard ct Supervisors on Monday It
was decided tx> reject all former plans for
a new courthouse for Contra Costa County
and to advertise for plans for a building
not to exceed in cost J1*3.(»>J; also for a
county jail to be separate from the court
house and not to exceed la cost SSO.COX
ONX--Y relatives and immediate friends witnessed the
weadins of Miss Lillian Follis and Frank W. Griffin,
which was celebrated yesterday at noon at the
bride's home on Washington and Buchanan streets.
Rev. Father McQuaide made the happy pair one. The
bride was unattended. Maurice Griffin, brother of the eroom,
was b«st man. The bride, who Is the daughter of the late
Richard Follis. looked extremely beautiful in her rich bridal
rebp of white satin, trimmed whh Valenciennes lace.
Mr. and Mrs. Griffin leave to-day for an Eastern bridal trip.
Thoy will return in about a month and take up their residence
at tht? FoHis home.
AT n^on yesterday at the F1r«t Presbyterian Church
Miss Mae Je*sen and Charles L. Hopue were married
by Rev. Mr. Guthrie. Only the immediate relatives
were resent, the wedding: being a very quiet one,
ow:np to the illRes", of the bride's sister.
Mr. Hopue is connected with the California Optical Com
r«ny. of which firm he is head optician. He Is we!! known and
extremely popular In both business and social circle*. The
bride is a favorite member of the Entre Nous Cotillon Club and
has ¦ !arse circle of friends, with whom she is very popular.
Mr. ar.vl Mrs. Hague left last evening: for the southern part
of the State, where, they will spend their honeymoon.
TWO VERY CHARMING SAN FRANCISCO GIRLS WHO WERE I.ED TO THE ALTAR YESTERDAY AT NOON.
BOTH ARE WELL KNOWN AND HAVE HOSTS OF FRIENDS AND ADMIRERS IN SOCIETY CIRCLES IN
THIS CITY.
LOCAL KEXOTX CXUB
IN ANNUAL SESSION
Sects OZLcer* and Passes Upon Many
Qufstiors Impcn-int to Dog
Ovrocr*.
The Pats Frar.pisc<» Ker.ncl Club held its
f.fth annual mectir.ir on Tuesday r.lKht
«nrt Quite a larpe number of members
¦wer* r^^went. John K. de Kuyter. the
>ic«« pnttteat, oc-cupitnl the chair.
The secretary's report showed a Iar?c»
«r.d heaJtby prowth in the club and tno
report of the treasurer disclosed that tho
fcr.ar.c**!? were ia & highly satisfactory
cor.ditlon.
The constitution of the c'uh was amer.d
•¦>«t to such a considerable tyiterst as to t»e»
er.ttreiy remocfeled. The directors will
hrrtcefctrth r.unjbeF^^five and the bench
*how C0GBtn:tte« will cons'.st of the same
run-.hrr. Thf- ciSrcr* rl«*cted for 1^1 are
rs BnDow*: Ptrector> ¦ Adolph I>. SprccU
«¦!». John E- de Rayter. Henry Crocker. J.
P Noraan, l>r. K. \V. d Evelyn: bench
i^h<w eecanlttfrf - Dr. F. \V. d'Evelyn. \V.
B Ktttte, N. H. Hickrsan. J. P. Norm?.n,
K. Courtney PcrvS: 1e>sat«> to the Awen
csn Keead Chlh, Car»:*in C. R. Knocker;
veterinary eOetn-Dr. P. WT. Sk&ife. D. V.
S ar.d l>r. K. O. Ste«-rs«. V. S.
The fiiT>ectar« then elected sls president
A. B. Spreckels: \i?« rres'.deat. John E.
<?e Ruyter; b^"-»J treasurer. J. P.
Nonaaa.
Dortng the raecur.r ccrais!tte*s w«>re r*
c»t-. •• < irora The Os'if^rr.'.a Cocker Spaniel
dob ar.d iht Sx. Perr.ard Club of Califor
nia, these cosuoftfee* havir.ir bei>n «p-
Mtsted to confer wl;h the San Frar.ciswxi
Ker.n^l C!t;b srs repard to th* selection c#
• Judff*. After coEslSerable discussion
the entire matter was rvponnl to the
ti*nch *hr>w c^rr.rr.tte».
It wss decided by th*> board of dlre>otors
That the f.fth annual berch Fh?w «hou!d
be held at th* Mechanics* Pavilion from
3k!ny S to U.
NEW MYSTERIES
IN RUFF CASE
Woman Charged With Arson
Accuses Relatives of
Forgery.
tui*e Which She Says Are
Fictitious.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Santa Clara County Officers Obtain
Letters Containing Her Signa- :-
, SAN JOSE, Jan. 9.— Sensational devel
opments are looked for next Monday when
the examinations of Mrs. Sallie Ruff,
charged with arson anil murder, and of
Conrad. Carl. Ludwig and Jonas Ruff and
William Valdez for arson come up before
Justice Rosenthal. All are out on bail ex
cept % r aldez. who was the hired man at
the Ruff dairy.
Mrs. Ruff and her attorneys claim that
there have been* a number of letters
forged, purporting to be written by her.
This Is a pha&e of the case which the
Sheriff's office cannot understand..
Since, the wholesale arrest for arson,
growing out of the burning to death of
the four Run* children, many letters have
come Into the hands of the officials. One
of these Mrs. Ruff pronounces a rank
forpery. It-ia a letter purporting to be
signed by ¦ herself and husband and ad
dressed to Ludwtg 1 Ruff at Marysville. in
which a proposition to turn the dairy over
to him is made.
Carl Ruff claimed -Mrs. Ruff wrote this
letter, and to prove it was her writing
produced a letter from Germany, which
he claims Mrs. Ruff had forwarded. Mrs.
Ruff says she never received or saw this
letter until it was in the hands of the
Sheriff. It is from G. Giller at Tauflcirc
ken. a. sister of Mrs. Ruff. The writer
says she has not heard from Mrs. Ruff
for some time, and some weeks previously
she had received a letter stating- Mrs.
Huff was dead. Furthermore the letter
says Mrs. Ruff had "5,000 marks on de
posit In an Australian bank. Carl Ruff,
the brother-in-law, declares this letter
was written' by Mrs. Ruff to deceive her
husband In regard to her wealth.
Mrs. Ruff Intimates that her husband
and his relatives have been conspiring
to g-et her money, and w-rote that she was j
dead in the hope that the money -would
be forwarded here for her child, and they
would then obtain possession of it.
But little evidence rel&tins to the origin
of the fire has been unearthed.
Pjx«-al Dispatch to T!«" ("SU1.
PKATTT-E. Jan. J.~}«e»!t!o> four h!jr
lTfctr.hHr.ir houses are closMt and the Shcr
1ft ha* pot padlocks on the doors. It Is
the old rtory— war nm^nK the sports, fol-
Jewed by •jretttns even." This evenins
tl? kinds of tptlhftta art' flyinR from «»ne
er.d to the other of S«^att!e sportdom.
Ito-day"* climax came about through the
recent attempt to mski" th«» Mayor testify
In a CSM whrre two mec were arrested
for nts&iac a "Hack.iack"" pame. At the
last moment they pleads rulKy. ovrr
th«> ch<ecUor.i» of their counsel. It ap
rcsrs that these two men hntl a partner
:u;m«*d Bfttt&dMM. who declares h*> has
tn^n tflscrim'.raTed Mcsunst. and that if
Ij* can't »!eaj his panie r.ci K«m«»» shall
run.
The exs* xva* taken directly into th*
Purcrtor Court, whrrt* a Juiijtr sipnrd a
pearch warrant c^rr.m.iiuiinp the ofTloers
to 5«*!«" th«» _¦.:¦¦'. ' --i; fabler* ard r>th<r
raraphfrtuilla in e*ch of the r-la fp *- WAN
rums' were Issued for the arr«?«t of the
proprietor* of the several pamWinp
nouses.
That having b«n done. Jui!r? Benson
(rav* g.iur.tVr* nr.d J. \\. Hart, his nuor
re>y. r t>urrriM» tay renjuirir:!? that Saun
ter* rnter irrto a rcroRnlianrp in th^ sum
at CUM, coruiiuono.1 that l\e would appear
*sr.<J prosecute the srvrral cs.«fs, tTdcring
that h<» fniR'.r. !r. the custody of the of-
T.ccr until the tvor.d tw stven.
Int*raedxi» Strife In the Ranks of
Sportdom Contributes to
the Success of the
Crusade.
Locks Are Placed Upon the
Doors of Seattle Gam
bling Houses.
NO MORE FARO
AND ROULETTE
HIGH NOON WEDDING BELLS
RING FOR HAPPY COUPLES
Follis-Griffin Marriage Is Celebrated at the Bride's Home",
Hogue-Jessen Nuptials at First Presbyterian Church.
THE SAX FRANCISCO, CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY: 1O, I9ui.
4
aBr, GiMxvn^ Dispensary,
tax rrf saBf*cSswte?
MOUNT TAyALPAIS RAILWAY
SCXOATS . : V*S. il^» «^4 r^ It
N^* TATSS>rOP TA34AXJAT5 NCtT O.rtX
Tteirt ejacrx cat 3£k**« .t^ S«»aS«» V^
IORTB PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Yi« S«;»3!rt9 Ftrry.
FSQ3I SAN FRANCT3Oa"TO S11LL, TALLXT
AXI> SAX R.IFAK.
WEES. X&ATS — «3S. *»O5. aa a, av_ •!-«.
ECTRA TRTPS-rcr MU1 Ta2«y as3 *»«3
«r*ay» a* ».» aad n.B st =i^
Tt»fia s=*rlrs4 o rta t> Saa Cs^tCa.
FROM gAN, RAFAEI. TO SAN F^lNCTSCtX
TTSEK DAT5-4JI. »« 3*. ?^i » j» *.
CITIU TRTPSk <ss X.-citri, >
*si5jkrirl»y^ at «;*i uj II 3 &
SCXUaTS-*^*. ¦»«, nfc*l *U^»5 a. a.
1 «S. "!as. 4:«x •* 3* jv. -», *
Tr«ia» =K*rk»sS i»> Mart ftrai Saa Oo«Bttx
TTSCM MZU. VAtSJCT TO SAX rR.\XCX*Ca.
2:!; s:i^ jaa. «k j» tT». ,
EXTRA TKtT"? «¦« M«s4aya. W»*3«*^t»
a^« Sarss-dUj-* at ?.-» *aj 7*_«» ». «l.
*lr^r^ ?"* " "** ** •*
f:» a. a. %*es 4ay*-Caxa^«?« *»•
itattaa*.
: « : ** »> «*¦ *»s*a<a3Tw- 7no4)n aasjt -amy
Pears'
Only they who use it
know the luxury of it.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
C. K, DUNLAP,
General Freljit a=d ru«;;;.- Agvsx.
C- PORFIRIO DIAZ. Coah, Mex.
THE SHORTEST STAXT>ARI> QATTGS
LIXE AXD FASTEST TtSCS BrmrSEN
PRINCIPAL CTTTES DT THS CXTTXD
STATES AN*D ilEXICXX
NO CHANGE OF CARS AT TOT F3CNT-
TER. THBOCGH PCIiJLOC B!_> yi.T
SLEEPTXO CARS DAILY BETTVEXX NW
ORLEANS AXD THE CTTT CT XCSX1CO.
HONTERET A.VD DCRANGO. DIRECT
LIXE TO MOXTESET, DtTRAXGQ, ZAC\-
T^AS. AOCA3 CAliKNlaJi. SAX L.C13
PO7OSL GUADaLAJ.UU. AND CITT OF
MEXICO. ALL TRAINS MET AT THS
FROXTIER BT REPRESENTATIVE C? THS
PASSENGER DEPARTXZXT TO ATTEX3
TO rNSPECTTON OF BAGGAGS, KXCHANGS
OF itONET. ETC
FOR FTRTHSa INTORM-4.TIOX CALL OX
OR ADDRESS AXT AGSXT O3T THS
SOCTHERX PACtnC COatPAXT. O2t
MEXICAN
EAGLE PASS ROUTE.
INTERNATIONAL RAILROAD.
MCTHRBX rAVlTlV COXPAIT.
(Piciric tinu.)
Trtln l*K«r m4 »rp da* !• nrrlv* at
MAX Kit 4 >«"I1««».
(Uaia Luw. Foot of Unxkei Street.)
ls*v« — Fsou Jaxcakt L 1 XL — axxw i
1:30 » B*uiii. Saissa. Eiai'jv TietriS^
BssAej «sJ S^srm»«eto --........ 7s*3»
?:SOa Darla. Woodiaad. Ka:»iii Laadlsc,
M»rjiTi::e. »»r>»Cl*. 7s«3r
7:S0« Atiaatac Kirrew— OjJ-n %ad tut lS>lSr
Ci:i>k-|tu»l»cu Eou «:I3f
S:oo a XCo, IiTersson, Tncr, Lathrop,
S»ocktca 7:13r
S:S*a Saa^a {icno-DiTa WCHaH Ctsz
Butien 8sxic«sX WClova. &ad
BiuS, P»nl*n«L Ti45p
• >3»» S»:i Jut, Uterxorf, SUKktoo.
Inr», ivur&KrBto. FUeerrQ*.
M»rj«»Ii>. Chko. U?-1 lf.a.t 4<IXp
NtS« 4 O*idm.f. Chinese. Sooerm, C»rt«a»... 4:l3p
«:««« H»j»»,-i-. .\i.-i utd Way StaXMoa. I I »43 «
•t««t Ln Aofelai Ezprea* — Vu-tie-t,
Tncj. Lttbroa, 6«ocit3o, Mseed
Fiessa aed lea Asje.'ea 7:1-1 f
9:S»» V»li-; .. Uartiaox is>d ffij »:43r
!»:•<)> Tk« c>t«!»»1 Umii<«d— O*i*a. D«B-
»<?r, u-nt». Csica«9.. •>*»r
11:00* >"Ut», SsociKO. Stri3f=li, Ht9-
£qt%. Fresao, Uftsfsrd. VbalU.
PoTMrrtSe «:I3f
llr*«4 liTir=?r?. Sasser. Gotbea Jsao-
tioa. B»*errteed. tee Aatctas.....
tl:«*p S*et»a«ii«<» liitec tiie*m*n.: f3:*C*
3:0<»r n»j*Mii, Si!r«»s-i W»j sttllcai. 3:13?
4:»«p U«rUi«Ht. v *a IUawn. V^itja.
s«rv Ct'.'«v,t. »«t» ft,-«> viis*
4«»»p B«aida. W^wn. »ttMif»to.
M»rj"i->. Oro»i:i? »«:43»
4:3Or H»r»M4i. J»L"e»n*d S*a Jc«e ?<:!¦»*
3:00i- U»«r=.cr-. 5"^cit?3- Loli ... 1O:43 A
•a.-*«recsM' tixi-.f-i El Pant. Saw
OrinatalEMV cl»«15*
Z:**r Tfe? O*l limited— Tt*cr. Fretao.
B Aim it \i. ixtf*M for sisi* Bir-
ban. Lew Ascelea.... 1«:J3»
3i—r >>» Ot!«saf EzaRW-ttakmScld.
-*»n« titiCtr*. Lt* Aep'm. IV 31-
fof. E3 Ft#>. 2t*» Oc>»u» aad
East ?i««
«:«0f H»f titii. Si:* itl .'Ui Jat 7;i-1»
t«:»»r T»:.e|*. I 1>4S»
*:«»tl'r'ca! SIsB — Ofi-a. CSxycas*.
OiBKfea. CUoc* I*tl3r
• r««r Oriecul Maa-OrSca. Deam.
OatU, CUcLt*. 4ilSr
~t*+r Orrcaa asd CalUcreU Kxrr-*». »»o-
rwBoasto. Maxr«*U!«. H-Vliu«.
PottimmJt. I'tifet >W»4 and rut 8i<5*
•t*9rBaa P»>io. Fr: Cocta, Mirttaei
a»4 Waf BUUoc» 11:43a
;M»f TaP*»>... ?»43r
«O1ST l»ITIx|oj Oar rat* (.sag*).
' iFoot or M.rkgt Strget.1
S:I34 »-u-«.«>ii!^';:.r.r»n Jc>«».F''.u>r<,
E.>V'!*x Crt *i . ? A3 ta Craz »od Tl'»f
--uiiitj •«*«r
t*«l *r K»w»-«. C«»t*rTUJ., ftaa Jews, Se«
' A :a:» 3«s. F eisea. RooJder Craek.
f.4su Crss asi rrladjkJ T.»j
S»O9g« tl»O«»-
4il»r Stwrt. 8*a Jo«-. LosGaiea. S*S*a
*»»!• r Hcatan* Fangrrara. Baa Job* aad
WayStadCTM *T*—»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
HJi 9 GO 11.^0.. ¦. l-« »J3 t^Sr.a.
rriiitl'UII — f*rl »!ir*»«»«;. — •* *» :•?» Ti.-M
COAST D1TIMQ5 »Br»a4 «:»««->-
CTMrJ *m& Ts»aa*»J S*O
|lilltfii«mT1i-i.-*nU'iii rn-arlrr-i ?*-¦—¦ -
7»««* Saa Jm; a«4 Way ?Uii.-*.« (Sr*
Ata^to HfNfWi)) c<jr| !»»??
tt»«* «*3 J.-*-, Trsa PlM«, *uu O«v.
I j* i > Ote^ StcxC, T. 11 MJ II »»*
rri=«^r-»J w». >l.»a«» ..„.. *ii»r
l*:4«i 5-m itm **4 Way MaiSot* ...... «:"»
I !««•» ;*a :.•« »»J «a| -JUS-txi* 3:J«»
Tn* Ttaaav *»»** Out. a>
Maim; m** r»r-f .- few M •-.»•»
tXiXr Ha J.-a* ifi Way ?i »ii^«» ... * j3# *
\it**t ja= Jomv Laa Ouc* u4 rrteat»U
. WuiuUim.. .„ .. »»r»*.
TiT-T "in Tim lilt iMTij i1~i| nnini *:»*»
• :3»- 'Wu^sise* f*:»*»
«U;i3f £a» Jtt a»i S^*tiJar» Tt» r
- AtxHwBt. ! Plar XfMmua! '.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BT. Ca
T .Tncsc; I-.; m
SAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBUROX FERKY-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
"WEi.K DATS— 7:». »:C0. U:0O a. xa.; 13:3S. J:».
SO9, 8:50 p. to. Thursdays— EUtra trip at 11 :»
p. m. Saturdars— Ei;n trips at 1:30 and
11:S9 P. in.
BTTNDATS— 1:08, »-Ji>. U:00 a. m.; 1.30. %:». «*•.
i.Ti p. in.
Sao Ratael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-«:10. 7:J0. »:». U:10 a. a.; 12:*3.
1:4-3. 5!19 p. ta. Easirdar*— Extra, trips at l.i5
and C:S p. Q.
SUNDAYS— 1:10. »:«. n:19 a. m.; 1:«. »:«; 1:05.
i:T5 p. n.
B*f»eea Saa Francisco aad Sclsaetxea Park.
¦arc* acbedule as above.
Leave ] Ia ECe«rt J Arrive
Saa Fraacigco. j Nor. 7. 1300. ! gaa FraJctago.
Week I Fna- I " [ Eaa- I Week
Dajs. [ &a.T*- I De«tl=atJca. I days. | Days.
;:»ie <:i«i=j Xorata. {1S:«O ass'. >:49 am
t:^r= J:J'»3 Petaiuma. !s .^r=.: v " <t.
$:'} psit SnOO p:ai Saata Rcsa. | T.S r— <:& pa
[ Kultia. . ' T
l:»tm Windsor. TlSJSasi
BealdSvtir?.
' GiSer^:, '
«:» pt= f ia C!twer<laJe. 7:JS pa! C:S pro
I JO am! j HopTaai j j
• I 1^0 as' aad Ukiaa. | 7 JB pss! t:C r=s
T:S9asU T~ I 119.S aia
- I i:00 as:. Ooerarrde. 7:15 pal
1:33 pssi j |t:Spra
!J)anj S^Oasl Scscxaa I 1:15 ta. »:4J 1=3
iai
»:» pi=! 5rC9 pta! Gl»= EHea. } «:C5 p=' %-.S r=»
T:39as:1 Jr»a=a! !»:*9 aa'ISrC as*
S 5J F=' S:M ;x! SetaatTpel. ; 7:SS ps&.' i " 7 —
Stacvs <ronrt«ct at 5a.-:» Rcsa. tor Hark *VTr>t
SprtoR» aad W>jt* Salphsr Spclasa: at F=:tea
fcr Altrarla: as Ljttsa fcr Lrnca 5rrt=*s: at
GeyserTta* fcr Skxsrs Srr!=«»: at Ckrrerd*:*
for th« Oy«ers: at H??iaad for Dcscaa
Fprlnit*, His-!»a<S 5jsri=irs. Kalservi^*. Cari»-
bad Sprlass, Sola Bar. L«Xeprrt aad Eart>—
Epriays; at CTtUh for VicJij- ??rt=«n» Santcca
Eprl=rs. Brae Lakes. Lasrtl Dei! Lake. TTifer
Eprtass. Upper La*-. Pcrs.3. Patter V«i;eT
Jobs. Daj-*. Riverside. Lterier*". B=ck=,^ V
San^edrta Hei^sts. H-a^vHie. Orr"» Km Sjrr!r«"
Mesdodao dry. Fcrt Brary. Westpcrt. r**L
WUIetts. L»TtesvS>. CarsTsiasrs. Ee!r* Sprts^T
Harria. Oiaeca, Dier. Scctla aad Eureka.
Saturday ta Ifcadaj- re=d-trlp Ucketa as r»-
C3c*d rm-tes.
Ob Sasday*. r=a=d-trtp tSckeu to an acirtj
fc*ycsd Sic Ka-'ael at half r»tea.
Ticket office. &• Market »t.. C3ar3JcI» twGJ-
la«- R. X. RTAX.
H. C WH1T1XO. Gea. Pus. Art.
Gen. atasax*r.
PILES
Asy Q2* kso^r* aid ksain wfeea cstrwS. W*
h»T* eiTered a reward cS SS for -4 years ber»
ta Los A-^jT- !e* -3 aar ate vlU ru*» w&o cacti
aat. b* ccr«S,wlt!»:l' : Bo!x c5 Veres FOe CSire."
* id acs ¦ «»« per»c 5 tss \ cla!=*d th« tn«i
\T* aaw'eStT »=d wiS p*x. aay 'oe» ' mStztas
»Kk PIS** S5S wXiO ot.tT'ct be cared wtth Vera*
PtSe Core. Oar r«cawd sfeows over ;j.««> cai^l.
Wrll* lor tstcraatlsB. - P*riAp» w« is»T# jobslt
-«iiisb!»"« ttsttaesUL Fstc« C, poetsaJt
YffiiS HLE01SS,63U $Mm, WEssi Ei
Or ELUXCTON r>K VG COL, - ~KT£soi*«&l# «—1
Rr:*a Dras^ists, A**v. Focnls as4
Syrteit Sti.. Las As^slm, Cal
Rn Koffmanettes fin
J « Cigar, Ju
THE HILSOU CO;-'JIo)c«ix ILV.V T
On the 5anta Fe
you can travel with speed as well as
comfort from San Francisco to Chi-
cago in 75 hours. Leaves every morn-
incr at o n*r]rir\r
waiiiui Hid
Limited
HOW DO YOU DO?
Glad to see you any time, whether you
have a laundry order or complaint for as.
Sounds queer, doesn't It, asking you to
make complaints about our laundry work;
but we all make mistakes and here we
rectify them when told about them. We
will call for and deliver goods in any part
of San Francisco, free of charge.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts If
you order it. {%. .>.
No saw edges.
Oakland Office— 82 San Pablo Ave.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Stress
Telephone— South 4-2O.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
J&Sm CARTERS
j0$j/&uf%&£ SttvELi SSI
tfcsxaraiy cored Oy t&eao
Little Pills.
The? also r*Ueve Distress from Dj-speprta,
Indlgatkm and Too Hearty Eating. Apotw
feet reumdy tar Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsf.
ness, Bad. Taste in toe Itouto, Costm Tongnt
Pain In the Side, TORPID UVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SmaU Pin, Small Dose.
SmaS!P?Ica»
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA, GLEETS,
STRICTURES and anal ;gous complaints of th«
Organs of Generation.
Price *1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
<=--**
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
L*ave Market-Strict Ferry Depot.
1 Local Llm'd Ovrl'd I Local
. J Dally. Daily. Dally, j Dally.
Lv. San Fran.) 7:S» a ' »rf<» a IMp 4*)p
Ar. Stockton . 19:S a 11:4S a U:S? T:S p
" Merced .. 15:15 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno ... I:K> j> I:SS p JHJ5 a ...
" Hanford . 4:2 p J:S7 p 7^€ a
" Vlsalta .. 4:18 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tular* ... 4J7p 4:27 p t:C5 a ........
" Bksfleld . 1:58 p 820 p 7:30 a ........
" Kan. City 8:41 a 7:M a
" Chicago i:15 p t:OH p
a fcr mcrninff. p for afteraoca.
J:00 a. m. trala i« the California Hatted.
Carryteir • Palac* Sleepinf Cars aad Dir.ir.^r
Cars thrcugrh to Chieaco. Chair Car rur.»
to Bakersfield fcr accsmraodaticn of local
first cias* passenrers. No «ecosd class
tickets are honored en this traia. Cor-
rtvpondicr traia arrives at 5:53 p. m. dally.
4:10 p. ca. Is Stocktcn L>ocai. Corrwpond-
ln£ traia arrivee 11: Co a. m. dally. \
i^O p. m. Is the Overland Expresa. trlth
throBgh Palac- and Toorlst Sleeper* aad
free Recllnlcr Chair Car. also Palace
Slen»r. whtci ctm* out at Tmw. Cor-
rerpoadlntr train arrive* at 5:5.5 p. m_ daily.
753 a. m. Is BakersSeld LocaL atopptst
at all retcts In Saa Jraq-j'.n Valley. Cor-
reitpcndlnr trala arrives at 8:40 a. in. dally
OfCcee— fU Market «r*st aad la Ferry
Depot. Saa Francisco: 111? Broadway, Oak-
land.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISE3CE2TTS.George H. Robinson, for many, years In
the employ of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, died at': his !homo near the ocean
beach yesterday morning-. Mr. Robinsort
had been ill for some tlma with, paralysis.
He was a native of Wisconsin and came
to California in 1850, entering » the employ
of the Southern Pacific a year later. He
leaves " a •• wife and ; five children.' The
funeral will be held. Sunday, and Lincoln
Post, G. A. R.," will attend in abody.
Death of George H. Robinson.
More than ¦ 200 people attended the
monthly meeting of the California So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
AnCSfels at the Occidental Hotel last
eveofidgr. Mrs. H. B. Steele gave an In
teresting lecture on the protection of
dumb animals, using tome excellent
stereopticon pictures. A feature ¦ of , the
meeting was tbe presentation of a badg-c
to Master Elmer Locke of Folsom street,
who recently lost a leg while attempting
to rescue a dog from beneath a car.
Elmer Locke Given a Medal.
The following named have been elected
officers of the Bay City Athletic Club for
the ensuing year: ' Charles Leonhardt.
president; Sam Leverlch, vice president:
Richard Leonhardt, treasurer: George
Lampman, secretary: superintendent and
manager, Dan Crowley; directors. Wil
liam Bercovich, Frank Levy, Aleck Mc-
Partland, I. Belasco and J. D. Gibbs.
The club announces the intention of fit
ting up a gymnasium In the O'Farrell
street rooms.
Bay City Election.
Samuel ' Steinberg, whose wife has been
following: him for seven years to compel
him to support their child, was arrested
yesterday afternoon on ; the warrant
charging him with failure to provide. He
was accompanied to r the City Prison by
his wife and some friends and at her re
quest Judge Mogan reduced his ball to $5,
as she said he had agreed to live with
her and support the child. Husband and
wife went away tog-ether, and it is likely
they will make , their home in this city.
The case will be dismissed in court this
morning.
Steinberg and Wife Reconciled.
Ed Hoinan Arrested.
Ed Homan of the Midway Plalsance
was arrested yesterday afternoon on a
warrant charging him with selling liquor
in larger quantities than a quart to be
drunk on the premises which is a viola
tion of the liquor law. The complaint was
sworn to by William Phillips, a visitor
from Nevada, who was at the place with
a friend Tuesday night. Homan was re
leased on $50 cash ball.
Xow beins built, is confidently expected to bo
the fastest sailing vessel ever built. Its con
struction Is being kept a secret, but It Is whis
pered that It will easily hold the. cup. Amer
ica is rapidly coming to the front. A good
example of this is in that famous household
remedy. Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, which
has defended health for half a century past.
It holds the record for the cure of dyspepsia.
Indigestion, constipation, nervousness, bilious
nesi and la prlrne.
The New Cup Defender,
Ed Wllley, ex-messenger boy and spar
ring partner'of Ah Wing, the Chinese pu
gilist, was arrested yesterday on a war
rant charging him with obtaining money
by false pretenses. He sent a messenger
boy with an order for $2 50 to Matthew
Kerr. saloon keeper, purporting to be
signed by Eddie Flynn. a friend of Kerr.
and pot the money. He sent similar or
ders to other saloon keepers for money.
Got Money on "Fake" Orders.
Mrs. Mollle Cochrane. the old woman
convicted by .Tudg-e Conlan of stealing
three chlldren"s wraps from the Empo
rium, was sentenced yesterday to pay a
fine of $50 with tho alternative of serving
fifty days in the County Jail.
Ag$d Shoplifter Sentenced.
The maple and marble halls were given
over to the dancers, who began to arrive
shortly after 9 o'clock. At midnight sup
per was served in the supper rooms and
the adjoining conservatory.
The committ^ in charge, who also acted
as a reception committee, consisted of
Mrs. E. D. Beylard, Mrs. Joe Crockett.
Mrs. Robert Coleman, Mrs. Frank Caro
lan, Mrs. Joseph D. Grant, Mrs. E. W.
Hopkins, Mrs. D. T. Murphy, Princess
Poniatowski. Mrs. George Pope and Mrs.
W. B. Tubbs.
The Burlingame cottagers gave a swell
dance at the Palace- last evening that was
quite the most exclusive gathering of the
season. A committee of ladies had charge
of the affair, and the success of the dance
was due entirely to their efforts.
Ball at the Palace
Hotel.
EXCI/TJSIVE SET
, ENJOYS THE DANCE
Burlingrame Ladies Give a Very Swell
The board decided that Justice of the
Peace* J. R. Daniels will have to resign
as teacher in the commercial department
in the Lincoln School, as he cannot le
gally hold the two positions.
Miss Hattle L. Leszynsky and Miss
Laura Daniel were assigned to the Girls'
High School; Miss Mary Allen to the Mis
sion High School, and Charles D. Snyder
to the Lowel High School. Miss M. Bailie
was assigned to the Bernal School and
Mrs. M. E. Miel to the Laguna Honda
School. The resignation of Mrs. S. Holmes
and Mrs. J. D. Cooper were acepted.
C. F. Klmball. representing the Xuevo
Potrero Improvement Club, addressed the
board, urging the selection of a site for
a schoolhouse on Kansas street, near
Army, but no action was taken.
Leaves of absence were granted to Miss
E. L. Williamson. Albert Lyser, Mrs. E
Schmltt, T. B. White and Miss E. M
Stafford. The iast named, however, must
waive her right to return to any particu
lar position of the department. Miss E.
Cieary and Miss A. Murphy were placed
on the day substitute list.
The Board of Education adopted a res
olution yesterday recommending that the
Board of Supervisors grant the lot of land
on O'Farrell street adjoining the Girls'
High School for the use of the San Fran
cisco State Normal School.
Lot Adjoining Girls' High School.
Board of Education Favors Grant of
SITE FOR NORMAL SCHOOL.
charge of assault to murder for shooting
De Witt Clinton, the actor, on the nigut
of June 14, was continued before a Jury
in Judge Cook's court yesterday. Clinton
closed his evidence as a witness for the
defense and denied that the defendant had
altogether given him about $S0O since she
first became acquainted with him. He ad
mitted receiving $40 from her in Omaha,
which he repaid, and $25- after he came
to this city.
Dr. H. E. Morrison testified that when
he saw the defendant shortly after the
shooting she was not in her right mind,
and Matron Wright of the City Prison,
who had seven years' experience in the
Agnews Insane Asylum, testified to the
same effect. t
The defendant was called to the stand
and testified to meeting Clinton in Omaha
October 3. 1S9S. She lived with him for
two weeks there and when he left for
Minneapolis she gave him $40. Altogether
she had given him between $700 and $S0O,
she said, besides numerous presents, in
cluding a silver matchbox, silver shaving
set, embroidered suspenders with her pro
tograph on them, silk ties, gloves, table
cover crocheted by herself for ills mother
and other articles. He used to send her
two or three letters a day sometimes, and
regularly corresponded with her till she
came here on June 10, four days before
the shooting. He led her to understand
that he was divorced from his wife, and
that she was the only woman he loved.
During her cross-examination by Assist
ant District Attorney. Deuprey ex-Police
Judge' Sweeney was fined $25 for contempt
of court, but later, after he had apolo
gized, the Judge remitted the fine.
Deuprey addressed the jury fqr the pros
ecution and Sweeney for the defendant,
and during his address he read extracts
from several of the letters sent by Clin
ton to the defendant. Sweeney had not
concluded his address when court ad
journed till this morning.
ANGELINA BL ABBOTT
GIVES HER TESTIMONY
Tells of Money and Presents She Gave
Clinton Because She
Loved Him. „-
The trial of Angelina M. Abbott on the
A "black ballet" and "amateurs' night"
are the special Thursday programme at
the Chutes and Zoo.
Fischer's good bill includes, Oro, Ber
nard and Oro. Marie D. Wood, Sid Bax
ter, Mile. Atlantis, Rousell brothers, Xell
Montgomery and Antonio and Conchita
Martinez.
The five Olracs. acrobats extraordinary,
are the Orpheum's most remarkable fea
tures of the week. Other good numbers
are th« Crosby-Forman Company, Shean
and Warren. Sisters Hawthorne and
Davis.
The Tivoli announces the fifth and last
week of "Cinderella," the successful holi
day spectacle, to begin next Monday. The
comic opera season will be resumed with
the presentation of Smith and De Koven's
"Fencing Master.?'
"Woman and "Wine," which lives up — or
down— to its description, is the Central
Theater's attraction this week. Next will
come a "grand production" of the "Two
Orphans, with some new people in the
cast.
The Alcazan management announces a
"professional matinee" this afternoon,
when Florence Roberts will play "Nell
Gwynne" for the benefit of the "perfesh."
"•Nell Ciwynne" will be kept on until next
week's end, and LJla Convere will then
reappear in "Sweet Lavender."
of the most important engagements of
the season. Mrs. Minnie Maddern Fiske
in "Becky Sharp" is announced.
"Jr-d Prouty. with Richard Golden, at
the Alhambra Theater, is playing to good
audiences every night. It is a clean.
wholesome, bright play and Is attracting
just that element in the community. "A
Stranger in a Strange Land." to be given
for the first time here, will follow.
On Sunday afternoon will follow a farce.
"A Breezy Time." and for January- 21. one
"Human Hearts," at the California The
ater, seems to have caught on with the
melodramatic clientele of the town. It is
playing to good houses every night, that
hiss the villain, applaud the hero and wet
a hanky or two over the hand-painted
sorrows of the teary heroine in good old
fashioned style.
Appreciative Audiences.
hambra Are Filled Nightly With
California, Alcazar, Orpheum and Al-
GOOD ATTRACTIONS
AT VARIOUS THEATEKS
The directors, it Is said, will shortly
caucus to discuss and determine upon the
proper official title to be used. In tho
meantime they will accept suggestions
from any one who can help tnem out of
the trouble.
The other directors are now in a quan
dary as to just how they should address
their new presiding officer when in meet
ing assembled. "Mr. Chairman" or "'Mr.
President" is clearly out of all question
and improper. "Mrs. Chairman" doesn't
sound exactly nice; neither does "Mrs
Chairwoman. "Mrs. President" or "Mrs.
Presidentess" are not to be tolerated— at
least Assistant Secretary Hooe objects to
the use of either of the terms and there
the matter stands.
"Have you any new plans to propose
in the management of school affairs?"
was asked.
"I have not," was the reply. "I intend
feeling my way slowly and cantlously.
but still I will introduce a new system oi*
bookkeeping in the office. The system
now in use is too antiquated. We need 3
new and more modern one. The books are
now kept the same as they were years
and years ago when the department wa a .
small and there was not so great a need
for an extended and up-to-date business
system. There are several branches of
the department, such as the repair shop
and the supply department, that are in
need of a new system of bookkeeping.
The new system I will introduce in time,
but as I said before I am going to pro
ceed very cautiously. I will devote all
my time and energies to the advancement
of the interests of the department and I
hope to soon show. that the business af
fairs of this branch of the municipal gov
ernment cap he safely entrusted to a w o- r
man's hands." " ¦ * ¦" ' ¦
my associates I do not expect any trouble.
Of course. I fully appreciate the honor
conferred on me. It may seem strange at
first to see a lady- presiding over the de
liberations of a body of gentlemen, but in
time the newness will wear off. I feel
that there will not , be any call for strict
parliamentary- rulings and that the busi
ness of the board will be conducted as
harmoniously as in the past."
Will of Captain Andrew Nelson Bars
Amy One Engaged in Traffic
From His Estate. *
The will of Captain Andrew Nelson, who
died January 1. was filed for probate yes
terday. Decedent beaueaths a life inter
est in his entire estate, the value of which
is not given, to his wife, and provides that
upon her death the estate shall be distri
buted to his brother, Johan Nelson, of
Boda, Sweden, and his nephews and
nieces. Decedent provides, however, that
none of those mentioned shall share in hl3
estate If they are engaged in tho liquor
business.
"This proposition is msertedby me," the
testator says, "on account of my an
tipathy to the liquor traffic, as I have
seen its effect In accomplishing the ruin
of many of my friends and acquaintances.
And I do not desire any of my hard
earned money to assist a business that I
consider baneful."
CARRIES ANTIPATHY TO
LIQUOR TO THE GRAVE
MMS. MART \V. KINCAID enjoys
the distinction of being the first
of her sex to preside over any
branch of the local government.
She was elected president of the
Board of Education yesterday in accord
ance with an agreement made one year
ago when the members of the board were
appointed by Mayor Phelan. Cecil "W.
Mark, Mrs. Kincaid, John B. Casserly and
James Denman, who were appointed to
rule over the destinies of the School De
partment, agreed when they were first ap
pointed that they should draw lots to as
certain who was to ro out 'at the expira
tion of the first year. ' It was further
agreed that th« director who drew tho
ehort straw and with it the short term
should be presiding officer. The short
Btraw was drawn by Mrs. Kincaid and
Director Mark drew the two-year term.
Mark is not a prophet, but he can look
quite a distance ahead. He proposed to
Mrs. Kincaid that they swap straws. She
agreed and accordingly was accredited
with the two-year term, while Mark ac
cepted the one-year term and the presi
dency of the board. There are some who
are now uncharitable enough, to say that
Mark was not solely actuated by gallant
ry when he proposed giving up the two
year term to Mrs. Kincaid. They claim
that ho fljjured out that when the short
term expired Mayor Phelan would still
be in office and that he would stand a
good chance of being reappointed, whil.?
if he took the two-year term., there was
a likelihood that the Mayor's office w r ouid
be filled by some one other than his friend
Phelan when the term expired. Be that
as it may, Mark was reappoirited Tues
day to serve four years longer as a plain,
common, ordinary director, and according
to the original agreement Mrs. Kincaid,
who has Gut one year longer to serve,
was entitled to the office of president of
the educational board. She -was the unan
imous choice of her 1 associates for
the presidency yesterday and the honor of
being the first lady chosen president of
the Board of Education was given her as
per agreement. Mrs. Kincaid, after being
elected, gracefully acknowledged the hon
or conferred upon her. "I hope," said she,
"to bring to my own aid the best charac
teristics of a presiding officer. I fully ap
preciate the responsibilities Involved and
the large field of duties to be covered. I
wjjl discharge the duties attendant upon
the office Justly and I will largely depend
on the harmonious co-operation of the
gentlemen associated with me on the
Board of Education. I also bespeak the
public-spirited co-operation of the Super
intendent of Schools."
A love feast followed. Resolutions ex ¦
pressing the appreciation of the services
of the retiring president were adopted and
Director Mark in return for the same told
of how agreeable had been his term as
presiding officer. "In fact," saiu he, "I
have never before been associated with
persons with whom communion has been
pleas anter."
Directors Denman and Casserly and the
newly elected president bowed modestly
in recognition of the verbal bouquet tossed,
them. Congratulations and hand-shaking
were in order and the next i».n minutes
were spent by the directors in telling one
another how much they regarded each
other.
"There will not be any change in the
policy of the department," said Mrs." Kin
caid yesterday afternoon. "I have no
revolutionary measures or ideaj to intro
duce. Everything will go on just as be
fore and with the hearty co-operation of
In Judge Fritz's court Thomas Corbett
pleaded guilty and was fined $10, and the
case of John Phillips, clerk for Zick
Abrams, was continued for one week, to
be set, as he demanded a trial by Jury.
In Judge Cabaniss' court H. Muller and
Joseph Mohan pleaded guilty and were
each fined $10. A second case against Jo
seph Mohan and the cases of Thomas Cor
bett and George Duncan were dismissed,
as they were duplicated Jn other courts.
The cases of Zick Abrams and Abe Kraus,
his clerk, in this court were continued for
a month.
In Judge Conlan's court D. J. Crowley,
John Gauagher, James King, James Smith
and Harry K. Corbett pleaded guilty and
were each fined $10. The cases of George
Duncan, D. J. Crowley (.second charge),
Henry Schwartz and Harry E.' Corbett
(second charge) were dismissed, as Attor
ney Coffey said they were duplicated In
other courts. The case of ZicK Abrams,
who demanded a jury trial, was continued
till a week from Saturday, to be set.
Thomas Corbett, Joseph Mohan and J.
Smith tnen pieaded guiuy ana were each
tinea $10. in the second case against
Thomas Corbttt, and in the cases of Jo
seph Jtsrown and H. W. Pike. Attorney
Coftey tsaid that the evidence against
them was insunicient and he askea mat
they be dismissed, whicn was aone. In
the cases of liarry K. Corcett, William
Daly and Walter Alclnerney, known as
the "fcan Jose commission cases," Attor
ney Collins asked lor a continuance Ull
this morning, as Daly could not be pres
ent till then, and he would promise that
all the defendants would be in court. Cof
fey declined to rely upon Collins' promise
and insisted on the cases being proceeded
with, as the remittiturs had been sent
down ten days ago, but the Judge contin
ued them till this morning.
Attorney Coftey said there was of course
no legal obligation on the part of the de
fendants to carry out their part of the
stipulation, but jiioraliy they were bound
to do so. He insisted that Attorney Col
lins was lacking in professional etiquette
in stating that he was not aware of the
terms of the stipulation, and ther.e was a
warm exchange of opinions personally be
tween the two attorneys. Collins inti
mattd that whatever, action the defend
ants might taue was without his approval
and it would oe understood that lie with
drew from tho cases.
.All the poolsellers, with the exception of
Zick .Abrams, have carried out their part
of the stipulation made with Chief Sulli
van, notwithstanding' the opposition of
their attorney, George D. Collins, and the
Police Court calendars have been cleared
of the cases— twenty-one in number.
Each Fined $10 and Ssveral Cases
Are Dismissed, as They Are
Duplicated in Other
Courts.
They All Plead Guilty With
the Exception of Zick
Abrams.
POOLMEH STAY
BY STIPULATION
Some weeks agro the United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals reversed the deci
sion of the Interstate Commerce Commi.«-
Fioners in the case of the Colorado Fuel
and Iron Company. The Commissioners
had made praded rates from Pueblo to
the Pacific Coast, and one result was the
enforced closing down of large works in
this city, which were unable to meet the
competition made possible by the decision
in the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company
matter. Since the reversal by the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals, the rail
ways, which obeyed the order of the com
mission under protest, have waited lor
the decision in the Kindel case.- Now this
decision is against graded rates and in
favor of the postage stamp proposition.
Denver is now able to compete with
Chicago and St. Louis on the Pacilic
Coast in poods made in the Denver terri
tory, for Denver has been given the same
privileges as the others. On the other
rand. Denver has not gained what it
sought, which was the graded rate propo
sition. Thia is the substance of Mr.
"Wheeler's view of the matter. San Fran
cisco has more choice of markets in which
to purchase. The postage stamp rate
¦works against advantages of geographi
cal position and gives an advantage to the
locality best able to produce a certain ar
ticle.
The Pacific i.'oapt has gained its conten
tion before the Interstate Commerce Com
miBFioii runcerning graded rates by the
decision just rendered by the commission
in Lhe Denver ease of Georgv J. Kinde!.
That is the view \Y. R. Wheeler takes
cf the matter and his opinion is echoed
by the commercial community of San
Francisco. The St. Louis jobbers soupht
to carry two points in the suit in which
the Pacific Coast was directly concerneJ.
They v.anted to have rates graded on a
distance basis to give them the Pacific
Ccast trade as against the rates Kiven to
the Atlantic coast by reason of sea con.
petition; also to destroy tfie Pacific Coast
differentials. The decision in the Denver
case just rendered, so far from making
graded rates for Denver, extends the
poetage stamp rate west of the Missouri
River. As to the differentials, the mer
chants of thia city are eatisfied that the
railway will always be compelled to meet
the sea competition.
One Leading Point In Contention
With St. Louis Jobbers
Would Seem to Be
Settled.
Interstate Commissioners
Give Cold Shoulder to
Graded Rates.
DENVER RULING
HELPS THE COAST
for Present Term.
WOMAN PRESIDENT
FOR SCHOOL BOARD
Mrs. Mary W. Kineaid Is Chosen
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 10, 1.901.
MRS. MARY TV. KINCAID. SCHOOL DIRECTOR, WHO ENJOYS THE
HONOR OF BEING THE FIRST OF HER SEX TO PRESIDE OVER
A LOCAL MUNICIPAL BODY.
• •
5
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
FREE ELECTRIC BELT OFFER
«-^** i *^T»'S^-?V?SSfa». TRIAL in your own home, we
/^^^^¦•^wW®'"" 11 * 11 thp K'nolne »od
SSBjESil&mmm a^onlyHUDCLBB&aiLTERMT.
tso ct a*'* txin rjc p.eli s
ll&jJUi&ilttf&yL'Jil •» - W •'"•a*' o* It's P»P«r.
5^5l^^r co»l(p««lll»*t»»rairt«>. COSTS
/ '<hv^ ALMOST NOTHINq compcJel
with moet an other treatc^u. 1 »r»« waes »u «u»r riee.
trie bclta, sppIUmm tmi r— «H" ML QUICK CORE for
morsthan&Oallment*. O.NI<i fcCEEt'CRE for all nurvons
tflseaws. weaknesses and disorders. For complete
sealed eonfldcatlal cstalotrae, cut ibi. *do«t u<l m*il torn*.
SEARS, ROEBUCK & CO., ChlcagOt
hlL HALL'S HElSYIQOKATOEBrapS
}";\f hundred rr-ward for uziy kJV^ife?
case we cannot cure. This/secret P»-« ¦**
r^njady etops «J1 losxes In 24 hours. ; f
« ires Erolnslons. Imi>otency, Vari- KM iwvf.
coce^. Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits. jTffl 7S1
:•¦,.-•-. Lost Manhood and all MiJ Ml
v: t- :r.-r effecta of Fel!-abuse or *?»*l_?vT
«t«:i*». S»-nt sealed. S2 bottle; 3 GESSSCM
tottles, C; guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
HALL'8 MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 85i
liroadway, Oakland, Cai. Also for sale at 1073^
Musket rt.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. s<.. n d for free book.
TONG F»O CHV.
t Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI.
graduate of Canton Medical
yoJf'ge. after a very success-
*?' Practice cf many years in
China. ha« located In San
Francisco. The surprising: and
marvelous cures effected by
hl« berbi demonstrate their
potence and his eklll. Thesa
5f rbl cur «. <>Y«" <00 different
tf*+*"-lPv diseases, lndur-ing Biichts
t «S>fs*ryjffi»' DlBeate. Diabetes. Contamp.
"«-'^' vr» tlon. Asthma, Paralysis, Brain.
ITerve, Cancers. Tumors, Blood. M:de and Fe-
r.ale Miladies. All persons afflicted with any
kind of malady whatsoever are Invited to calL
Office 7Z2 %Va«hingXon st. Office hours— » «.
rr.. to 12 m.. I to * p. m.: Sundays, 10 a. m. to
12 %a. Accept grateful thanks tor effecting; a
cure cf asthma of several years' standing.
A. DARLET. San RaXaeL
IIEb hyUlI 9
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
DR.MEVERS&CO,
Specialists. Disease &&
and weakness of cm&
men. Established JtSsi
1SS1. Consultation Jffffe j&Sr&lS
and private book \>K> ./-^a
free,' at ottica or by n»L V^S:
mall. Cures euar- \TJt'. \J&W $£>V
unteed. 7;jl Mar- vsWi Sfc 1 - l^X
ket street (elevator >?/*"** *S^v!Hr
entrance), San v^lVn^TOaiW.
L-^ V T / canr - ot e cured by
j£$r>%r a l ves > lotions, com.
gffgmpjWyflu^I^^^^ ' rnnn trusses, or
H— - s <SLa»Brl(E^(!—? i^^ "Quack" operations.
Ej P1EKCE-S A^AGNiTIC
II Jm\ ELECTRIC TRUSS". Is dlf-
» //2i\ fe-ent It does the worlc I >
l££r . ' |ty "BOOKLET NO. 1" Rives
- r full Information. Call or writs
for It.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.
Cao Market »t. (opp. Palac* Hotel). 3. , F.
BAJ A CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
is A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INV1GORA-
tor and Nervine. ; : :
.The most ' wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both, sexes. *
. The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents, ¦•
323 Market ot., 8. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
•"Grac-SolTeat" tfliso'.res Stricture like snow be-
»**¦.-- tlie t-an. r«5uees Enlarged Prostate a.a4
rtrrnr: besf -.be SeniiLii Ducts, suoppiog Drain* an4
Ejc'.*s;ont ir F'.fteer. Days.
>o (!ruif» to ruin tbe stcn-.ach. but* direct local
and poslUTe application to'fceextireuretbni! tract
<»r»n-5?o:venl ;*. not a :!qnic. It Is prepared la
tbe forai of Crayon* or Penci.fc. .mooili «.nd rtxibl*
•Jifi bo narrow as to pass tbe ciokesl Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tbe EC James At>: . Eox Stf. Cincinnati. <>.. bat
arep&red ax c.f«' exrMW an ezhaast- m r* r> f
rreillsstrmled Treatfse opuo ice nin'.e L U L C i
tystem. » un tb** wlU tead to hey r II I I '
C&lC B.ppUCUtU IlllaUl
M JA^SaS^V 23O ELM ST.,
21. JA'.CJ AJ-n-. Cinsinnatil Ohio.
Broken
. Lenses replaced for 5O ceYits.
Any A«tlsnnatlo lenses duplicated for 91.00
and flJSO.
Guaranteed correct and best quality.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main 10.
0PTICIAN 5 7 h >p~*.
642 Market 5t. instruments
' OCEAIT TRAVEL.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Klogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
cornectlng at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU.....
Thursday. January 24, 1301
ES. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday, February 19. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU....:
....Friday. March 15, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, comer First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PANAMA R. R. S S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Special Reduced Cabin Fare, $75.
S.S. ST. PAUL sails January 29,
S, S. ROANOKE sails Fetal 19.-
From wharf, foot of Fremont St.. at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
OeeaR!cS.S.Co.BS
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only) .'..
Wednesday. January 18. 3 p. m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia .
• ." Wednesday, January 23. at 9 pi'm.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti „.
• Friday, February j, 4 p. m.
i. D.SPRECIEIS k BBSS. CO., General Acents, 327 Market St
gm'l Paaenatr Offia, 643 llart'.t St., Par Ko. 7. Padfle St
COMPAGNIE GENEBALE TRA5SATLA5TIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -- "
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a: m., from Pier 42. ¦o'Atfagi
Nqrth River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre, $53 and upward. Second class to
"Havre. %U and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. S3
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
OCEAJT TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamshic Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
l»k wharf, San Francisco:
V-!}}*^- *""r Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
|»^5>v Jan - ll - ! -' - 1 - : '*- 51 - F " v '- •'¦
t-S^\»^r^»«k «_'har.?p to company's steamers
fiSVvEHjIAl For Victoria. Vancouvf-r 'I".
FjSjVJf^J^ii Ct. Port Townscnd. Seattle.
f Tacorna. Kvfi>nt. Anacortes,
and New Whatccm CWanh.)—
11 a. m.. Jan. ll. IS. Jl. 26. 31.
Feb. 5. and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. By.: at Seattle or Tacoma.
to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
Fcr Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Jan 9.
13. 18, S3. 23, Feb. 2. and every fifth day there-
after.
For Pan Dieiro. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port I*os Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen, Wednesdays. 9 »• m. ;
steamer Santa Ttota. Sundays. 9 a. # m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ncos. Port Harford i?an Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Panta Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Ansele3) and Newport—
Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m. : steamer •
Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Maudalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (M**.>— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further • information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the rleht ta chanua
steamers, sailins dates and hours of sailing,
without previous notlre.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
itreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Aet.v.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Bpear-street TVnarf at 11 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berth
rMnC S3 Second Class arid Mea's.
COLUMBIA Bails Jan. 13. 23. Feb. 2
OEO. W. ELDER Sails Jan. 8, 13. 23
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Eutte.
Helena, and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Kast.
E. C. WARD, General Airent.
, •;:¦:> Market st.
AMERICAN LINE.
K1W TOOK. E0OTEAHPT0S. LONDON. PAM1
Stoppinir at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. Da. m.
Friesland Jan. U3i Kensington Feb. 13
Vaderland Jan. 3D St. Uu}s Feb. -3
N'ew York Feb. BjNew Yorl* Feb. 57 --
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 Noon.
Friesland .-. Jan. 231 Kensington Feb. 13
Southwark Jan. 30 Xoordlarnl Feb. »
Westernland ...Feb. JlFriesland Feb. Zl *
INTERN VTIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
liMiiauw CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific C^ast.
30 Montgomery st.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
~~?5rTs. NaVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer ".Wor;t:cel!9. "
MON., Tues.. "Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:4J
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nisat); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. |
p. m. Landlnsr and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. !. Telephone Main 150S.
FARE SOc.
P. F.. December 4. 1<-W—T)t. Wor.g Him. 115-
217 Mascn Ft.. S. F.. Cai.— r>»ar Sir: For the
t^neSt of others I -rrifh to make a statement of
ir.y ca*e. which was h^art trouble. After treat-
ing with fix eralnTit phwicians rny cas» was
I renounced incurable. Hearing cf Dr. Wong
Him. and his wonderful cure*. I decided to try
y.'.s herb treatment. lie did a!I he claimed, and
tfter treating six months I am now well and
f.roHR. Yours, res'^ctfully.
MRP. BARLOW. YTi Mission ft.. S. T.
necersber 15. ISOn-Thls Is to certify that I
vat- cu*rer!ns fcr fifteen years from Erl K hf«
rls^sBe of the kidneys ar.d a tumor on my left
Fide. I tried a r.unbcr of doctors and various
rerr«a!es without afTordir.K me any relief. That
Fix months ago I applied to Dr. V.'ong Him o'
::S-jI7 Mafon Mre*>t. San Francisco, and now
fcfter six months r>* hip treatment I am er.tirelv
cured and in perfect health. I write this In
r.y appreciation of Dr. Wen? Him. and that
ether e\x?.crer* rr.ay be relieved, and I will be
s- r .aA to certify to this in i>erson to any one
that may call upon me at my residence.
MTti=. JOHN ALLAN" SON*.
Orchard avenue, Elmhurrt. Alameda Co., Cal.
TO THE rUBL/C!
t£AN rnxscisco.. Oct.
6. l»0C»— Tn whom it nay
concern: Thi* is to certify
that UK. WONG HIM of
• lU-W Mason street. £an
Francisco, fcas cured rae
of kidney trouble and
rheumatism ana I am
harpy to miUte thl» rtate-
v^fjw vC'^^ 55* 1 E£ * ftnd tI: * t>octor
vf'S^'^tttirZJ&V* 5 * ricll >' honest in even'
ITr*"- *¦-"¦: v ''5^ \S f^r.i-e of the word and an
- ,. "^""""¦'tC^r" ' honrrable man in all hi>
<Seai:r.pr. DR. C. A. GAY. DenUst, 902 Second
iive., ttattle, T\"ash-
MRS. MARY LAWLER.
Mrs. Mary Lawler of Appleton, Wls., wife of Hon. John J. Lawler. proprietor
"Central House." 653 Lake street. Appleton, "Wis., was cured of an annoying case
of catarrh of the kidneys by Peruna. In a recent letter to Dr. Hartman she says:
"/ recently caught cold which settled in the kidneys and caused mo
serious inconvenience. Nothing I did seemed io help me and iha doctor
advised a change of climate. As that was out of the question fcr me, I
tried Peruna as a last resort and I found it was a godsend io me. In two
days I began to feel better, and in less than two weeks the kidney trouble
was greatly relieved. I used four bottles and am entirely cured, and if I
ever fee/ t any lassitude I take Peruna and always with tho same good
result." — Mary Lawler.
WHENEVER a cold Is neglected It la man body that ft cannot destroy, no d!»-
llable to settle somewhere. Its most ease It does not imitate. Catarrh prevails
common seat Is in the head, threat in all seasons and spares no calling: or
or lunjrs. It may and frequently does set- vocation. No locality is entirely free from
tie" in the kidneys, as in the case of Mrs. its ravapes: no amount of vitality can
Lawler above narrated. "Whenever a cold withstand its attack. Xeither childhootl
settles in the kidneys it very quickly leads nor old age is exempt from its presence.
to Bright's disease, a very dangerous if and it does not respect sex, color or na-
not Incurable condition. Peruna is sure to tlonality.
cure a cold wherever it may be located. Summer and winter, sprinir and autumn.
This lady found Peruna as a last resort catarrh ceases not to afflict a larpp per
to be the only remedy, that had a particle j cent of the inhabitants of this country.
of benefit. Peruna saved her from a life- j But It is especially during the winter s?:i.
long struggle with chronic Bright's dis- | son that catarrh does its most deadly
ease, or perhaps a speedy death. work. Every cold wave, every wintry
...... n x it ±\ blizzard, every storm of sleet, snow, or
Judge H. Henry Powers of Vermont rain, adds thousands to the annual list of
/rim v Ppfunn iha hinhest aossibfa en- viciims °f chronic catarrh.
gives reruna we nignesr possioie en- Mr w B Schnader oC Terre nm Pa
dorsement, as he uses it in his family writes:
for climatic diseases of winter. In a o i'\^ ffk^r^isS* ""Jouia SJTSg
letter written from Washington, D. C, ™gj$£ g v$? i ! ISw ' tw ° months - In De "
io The Peruna Medicine Co., ha says: in one of' your mj,--^- ¦ _ _ ¦>
"Peruna I have used in my family W (/^r> I
with success. I can rscommend it as "wrote to Dr. Hart- £|:|af J^ ! * k^ s vr;:; : : : :- j
,,.,.. , . man for advice. ,: '; > ' \ I :| »':' '
an excellent family remedy, and very and he wrote back Ijji'j > SF : / S ? "^ \\i.v
good for coughs, colds and catarrhal gScJ ££!?££: '^\t£jm . 1
affections." — H. H. Powers. na - anA ho 7 r to i ! ; : i l !ii/-w'Av
take care of my- nBPnir - ~ *<y eSs^"- 1 .
Judge Powers home address is Morris- self ' >•«• t PS?lr!s»>
ville, Vermont. "i did not lose {§& i^p^M
AN OLD COLD that I could not sM^l'JS /£$#&;?/
tend my stock. I %g3g&*J&&M"J •
Is Chronic Catarrh-The Worst Dis- S i cannot thank *
ease Known vou t0 ° much for what you hare done for
"^^ . me."— W. B. Sohnader.
The first stage of catarrh Is commonly Peruna used promptlv to protect against"
called catching cold. In the majority of and cure colds is a safeguard against all
cases no attention is paid to a cold, there- catarrhal diseases in winter,
fore nearly half of the people have chron- Address The Peruna Medicine Co.. of
ic catarrh in some form. Columbus. Ohio, for a free book on chron-
Chronic catarrh is the bane of American ic catarrh in its different phases and
civilization. There is no organ of the hu- stages.
T t «|
2 p Natural Mineral Water ?
t ///^ known f«r csnturies and +
1 i.'Sf&L imported q
« S^3 ONLY IN BOTTLES. ?
o BjS&yk '" DiKri t rtli StcnwL ?
4 iyfe^-^* & -^ kdigestioa- ®
2 -^% Z-? —^ ! to T a1«e has been t«sti- o
X ffi^^JsS; flefl to by thousands. ?
4 VICBf So-celled Vichy ia Sy- J
* phon» ?
? ' S^^p Get the Genuine. ?
'^3CSrjfQ9 Tvvt physician O
SStifciMiS "111 recommend It. ?
% SS^ggkiga TIBinxa, Distrlhitlag if ect J
TELEPHONE GRANT S3.
222-224 SUTTER ST.
SPECIAL "rTdUGTIONS
. THURSDAY-FRIDAY-SATURDAY.
Th*» "SUXSin"' Cocktails we place on
"spprlal sale" to-day wore awarded
the highest prize "GOLD MEDAL" at
last Paris Exposition.
Cocktaik "Sunset" S^ 103 85c
Maiihurt-tTi. Ma-rini. Wh)«ky K«-p «0c CP«
Vvtinoutk and Gin. Pt. bot. «JUV»
C!ar.t, ExiraZisfandelt'i'A 65c gil
An c'i wine vrith plenty of
bouv ar.ii bouquet.
"Best Tccl:, fi P2tstKa:t Extract
Reg 202. 3 tots 5Gc
To bu'.:a ¦£? rour 8>Ttenj— nothing like It.
P62SS. ' 'Petit Pols. • Kfe p: 20c CZO
"Baverln" extra fins. ,2^75 vi'25 tQl
DeriiEd Han P. & W« §Sf 15c tin
A".n-ays ecccr title for sandwiches.
Gcx's Gelatine, rr. Ill: I3g p'<g
CaxtnlmA for Quality and cheapness.
Soap, "Old Family" Uundry. SS^
13 cakes SOc
Fu'.i wtltfft.
Ko* finer than ever. Reg\ 10 cks. C3c.
Lobsters, "Dsep Sea" %?• 20c cm
Mustard. French, reg. 2:c 20c jir
Lcult Freree.
Brllliantine* "Pinaud's"^- 25c bot
Leads luster to ha:r nr.i teari.
6enn2n Lentils. £T- :bs 3 lbs 25c
COUNTRY OBDEHS SOLICITED.
Ster Jn end trj- a c-ur> of "SUCHARD'P"
oe:ebratea Cocoa— FI1EE— best In the world.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
L; r
&%l (SOS &
» I 'y*«v k M jofyftl ¦& |HpMPk |9
a Temper, Leienre and &
H Energy by the j|
p housekeeper who p
fc| neglected to use ||
I GOLD DUSTi
I Wo»lshir\g Powder i
ADVERTISEJIEIITS.The crew of a British warship now at Hongkong
Lave risen in arms against their officers because they
did not get their share of the Peking loot. This
sounds as it the days of piracy had come again and
:!m sailors of an empire had become thieves for a
crptaia.
The Astoria Democrat who was recently elected
to public office without ever having his name printed
on a ballot must have been running in some very evil
political corrpanj-. The people of Astoria have prove 1
that sometimes they will resort to desperate meas
ures of political safety.
,
Critics are of the opinion that a very serious blow
has been struck at the anti-trust law of Illinois. This,
however, docs not affect the solemn assurance of
Senator Hanna that trusts have an existence only as
a figment of the imagination of some intemperate
££itators.
/^ OVERNOR JORDAN of New Hampshire in
( """T his recent inaugural address told the Legisla-
tare the paramount issue in that State is the
preservation of forests. He is reported as having de
nounced the wasteful methods of lumbermen, and to
have said: "The lumber interests are great, and the
greater they are under the present methods the worse
it is for the State." He declared that since the lum
bermen will not confine their cutting to trees of a
proper size, nor make any effort to prevent waste, the
State should step in and compel them to do so, and
to that end he proposed to the Legislature that New
Hampshire, "by the exercise of its power of eminent
domain, take once more the ownership of its most
desirable forest lands."
We are too far distant from the scene of action to
determine whether the drastic measure advocated by
Governor Jordan be expedient or not. 'It can be as
serted, however, that if. the waste of lumber can be
checked in no other way, then the policy of the Gov
ernor is not only advisable but is, in fact, imperative.
A rich young country like the United States can stand
a good deal in the way of foolish legislation and bad
economics, but there is no part of it can stand a de
struction of the forests. That is something tha:
spells destruction for the State itself.
It appears from our Eastern exchanges that the
address of the Governor is in no way an exaggeration
of the e\-ils that have befallen New Hampshire
through the waste of its timber. In various directions
the State has been injured. In some streams, for
example, where there was abundant water power at
all seasons of the year, there are now torrents in
spring and dry beds in summer.^ In other places that
were once the resort of tourists and summer visitors
the mountain sides have been made so bleak and bar
ren by the destruction of trees that people no longer
visit them.
" It is^not in New Hampshire only that forest wasting
has been carried too far. From every portion of the
Eastern States the same complaint comes. The evil,
ir fact, is national A recent report states that Chief
Geographer Gannett of the United States Geological
Survey estimates the total stand" of timber through
out the United States at 1.380,000,000,000 feet. Stat
istics collected in 1890 show that the cut for that year
was about 25.000,000,000 feet. Later data has not been
obtained, but of course th*e cut has increased with the
years. Moreover, the figures given for the cut do
not include what was wasted. Consequently a;nuni-
A LESSON FROM NEW HAMPSHIRE.
There is one feature of the moving sidewalk which
renders it less advantageous than car lines— the tun
rel in which it is operated must be constructed in i
circle, as the revolving way must constitute an end
less chain. The route to be established in Paris is
planned on that principle and will form a circle
ai ound the grand boulevards. It will contain three
moving ways: The first will revolve *at the rate of
a little over three miles an hour; the second six and
three-quarter miles an hour; the third, adjoining the
balustrade, will move at the respectable speed of
eleven and a quarter miles an hour. Parallel to the
slowest moving way will be a stationary pavement.
Ai at the exposition, posts with knobs will be placed
at intervals of fifteen feet along each of the ways to as
sist passengers in mounting and in passing from one
revolving platform to the other.' Frequent entrances
by shafts will be provided along the route, probably
every ioo or 200 yards.
If the enterprise be successful Paris will have
another attraction for 'the world. Electric cars can
be seen anywhere, but for some years to come it will
be in that city only that the latest thing in city transit
can be found in practical operation.
The dispatches are authority* for the statement that
England wants to buy a Spanish island. It is to be
hoped that the governmental purchasers will not for
get that we" are the possessors of. many islands which
have, not been ours' long enough for them to have
lost their Spanish characteristics.
It will be 'remembered the moving sidewalk was
first tried on a large scale at the Chicago exposition.
It is therefore an American invention, but for ono
reason or another our people were not sufficiently
attracted by it to develop it, and consequently since
the Chicago experiment no other has been attempted
in this country in a measure of any magnitude. The
invention has been much more successful in Paris.
It appears that of all the novelties at the recent expo
sition in that capital none was more delightful to the
Parisians than what they call the "tfottoir roulant."
It was the pet plaything of the populace for seven
months, and now that the 'exposition is over a com
pany, backed by large capital, has been formed to
construct and operate such sidewalks under ground.
WHILE London and New York have provided
for rapid transit from one parti of the city to
another by means of underground railways,
Paris is considering a scheme of constructing beneath
the streets a moving sidewalk, or rather a series cf
sidewalks, giving ttie passenger choice of three de
grees of speed. :- w> v
RAPID TRANSIT IN PARIS. *
An event of exceptional interest in the
art world is the recent appearance of
Elizabeth Ruth Carey's "Rossetti Book."
published by G. P. Putnam's Sons. It is
a handsome volume, printed in** larjj?,
clear type. and written from ample knowl
edge of the fascinating subject, in a lu
cid,. leisurely, elegant style and illustrated
in choicest fashion with some twenty
seven photogravures.' Miss Carey has
chosen to write chiefly of Dante Gabrirl
and* Christina Rossetti, most talented
members of the distinguished family, but
a sufficient sketch of the elder Rossettis.
exiled from Italy on account of political
opinions, is Included.
A curious household Is this of which
Miss Carey permits us so intimate yet
discreet a glimpse. Rossetti. pere, him
self a pqet, singer and artist of some
Email distinction, earning a slender pit
tance in London by teaching Italian and
gathering: about him for the indirect edu
cation of his talented tribe painters, mu
sicians, writers, scholars, politicians, ven
ders, teachers. Italians almost without
exception. Mazzini and some of the Bona
parte family were among this political
crowd, by the way.
A lovable figure Miss Carey paints of
Mrs. Rossetti, mere. "She was religious
in temperament, extremely domestic,
fond of books, simple and dignified in
manner, warm in feeling, steady in a.c
tion, a fortress of defense for her husband
am. children against the difficulties that
assailed them." Of her own conception
of the life of the mother and wife of
genius, a quaint light may be gained from
her ,naive remark, quoted with consid
erable relish by her son William: "I al
ways had a passion for intellect," she
said, "and my wish was that my hus
band should be distinguished for intellect
and my children, too. I have had my
wish, and I now wish that there were a
little less Intellect in the family, so as to
allow for a little mor^ common sense."
Quaint, elfin, precocious children the
Rossettis must have been; "passionate
after dreams and unconcerned about re
alities, their favorite pursuits rhyming,
painting, reading, acting," in place of ac
tive sports and lively games. Small won
der that the first of a household and
childhood'so unusual should be remarka
ble among the sons of men. This history
of Dante Gabriel Rossetti is interesting
as much to the student of genius as to
the artist. Consciously and joyfully ec
centric, consciously a genius, quixotically
generous, brilliantly imaginative, minute
ly conscientious in his art. eminently sin
cere, given to lavish enthusiasm and ab
solutely without artistic jealousies, by
turns lazy and immensely industrious,
willful, lovable, wayward and "difficult,"
Rossetti is a typical genius, devoured by
the sifter flames of poetry and painting, i
His history. involves the larger share of
the' brilliant little story of the pre-Ra
phaelite brotherhood. Mlllais, Hunt,
Woolner. Collinson. Stephens and Dante
and William Rossetti were among the
"charter" members of the distinguish»;d
little company, and the tale of its trials
anu final acceptance as a "school" is most
interestingly told by Miss Carey.
The book is replete with interesting, and
characteristic anecdotes. Rossettl was a
passionate lover of animals, including ihe
most various and unusual specimens of
the tribe, and on one occasion the artist
was making serious overtures for the
purchase of "an attractive young ele
phant." In all good faith, Rossetti de
fended the wisdom of his intended pur
chase to his friends, "I mean to teach
him to clean the windows," he said; "then
when some one passes the house he will
see the elephant cleaning the windows
and will say. 'Who lives in that house?"
and people will tell him. 'Oh. that's a
painter called Rossetti,' and he will say
•I think I should like to buy one of that
man's pictures.' So he will ring to come
In and I shall sell him a picture."
Rossetti the poet is handled in the
same sufficient and gracious fashion a*
Rossetti the painter, and the life and
work of Christina is a kindly and delicate
appreciation of tfiis curiously limited but
undoubted genius. The, illustrations arc
a marked feature of. tho book's attrac
tions, and it ; Is interesting to note in t hi*
connection that'a considerable number of
the. most important of -the: pictures (in
cluding the famous "I^ody Ulith") adorn
an American gallery; that of the Wilming
ton connoisseur.- Samuel' Bancroft 'Jr.
MISS CAREY'S
ROSSETTI BOOK
BOOTS REVERSEI>-C.. City. Tho
custom of having at a military funeral
f ?o m °^, CCr S^, Orse with boots suspended
?h£ r-rn»fc add i e w nd revers =ed comes from
the Greek and Roman one of sacrificing
awlf" horse at his grave or pyre
f u he b u ots are hun S reversed as a slini
that the owner is dead and has ceaied tS
walk forward along the course of time
It conveys the samevidea that was conl
vlr^H vh *A >l l . a , funeral arms we re re
versed, and that Is conveyed by reversed
torches as shown on cemetery sates
DIXOX'S RECORD-^. A. L.. Sacra
mento, Cal. The record of Georee nixnn
the pugilist, from the time he entered *th«
ST. LOUIS CARS-S. J. A., City The
NO RECORD-W. T. C. City. There is
P-fti^fif 3 ? 3, an of the precipi
tsukm or of the temperature of Williariis,
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
f | POX the assembling of the Senate after New
Year Senator Ledge opened the business of the
new century by introducing a resolution declar
iv.p: ""That in the opinion ot this body the time has
come when the principle, twice amrmed in interna
tional treaties tor Cct.tral Africa, that native races
should be protected .against the destructive traffic in
intoxicants, should be extended to all uncivilized peo
l>}es by the enactment of such laws and the making
of such treaties as will effectually prohibit the sale bv
the signatory po\yers to aboriginal tnbes and unciv
liued races of opium end intoxicating beverages.
We learn frcm the reports that when the resolution
was read Senator Se-.vell of New Jersey asked for an
explanation, saying h; would like to have a little light
or the subject; but when he was informed that any"
discussion would result in having the resolution "sent
to the calendar" to be taken up at a future time, he
withdrew his request, and the resolution was adopted
as- it stands.
It is to be regretted that the New Jersey man was
eo compliant to Senatorial courtesv. The countrv
would like to have some explanation of the reason
why the international concert is to undertake the bur
den of guarding the yellow man, the black man, the
red man and the b~own man from the intoxicants
which are chiefly made and mainly used by the white
rran :.:"¦--..:. rtirtnermore, it would be pleasing to
h2ve some idea of the class and number of people
v.ho are to be included among the '"aboriginal and
uncivilized races" withiu the meaning of the resolu
tion.
It is good to preach temperance, it is better to
practice ternperar.ee, and it may be best of all to
compel uncivilized folks to practice it; but it will b;
a hazardous experiment to have an international con
cert engage in the work. Are we to say to British,
German and French that they shall not sell brandy or
schnapps to the races of Africa; to the Russians that
they shall not diffuse their mighty liquors among
the tribes of Asia; and shall those nations hold our
h^nd in circulating whisky in the Philippines?
The resolution, we repeat, sounds weli, but needs
explanation. There is danger the white man mav
overdo the taking of bucdens and fill his international
concert with discord.
THE WHITE tAfltt'S BURDEN AGfHN.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Charles H. Markham, general passenger
and freight agent of the Southern Pacifia
line in Oregon, with headquarters in Port
land, is at the Palace.
General A. W. Barrett has returned
from a trip to Los Angeles and Baker3
f.eld, where he has extensive oil interests.
H. J. Small, superintendent of construc
tion on t^e Sacramento division of the
Southern Pacific, is registered at the Pal
ace.
David Starr Jordan Is at the Occi
dental.
Herman II. Grau of Sacramento la at
the Grand.
A. M. Crocker of Portland, Or., is at the
Occidental.
Leo Gray and wife of Kresno are at tho
Occidental.
Dr. S. P. Terry and family of San Jos©
are at the Russ.
Dr. A. T. Short of the United States
army Is at tho Palace,
Lieutenant John P. Hains of tha Third
Artillery is at the Palace.
Attorney J. Leszynsky of Stockton la
registered at the Palace.
Major J. S. Wilkina of the United States
army is at the California-
Bradford J. Cleve. a prominent Seattle
merchant, is at the Rus3.
E. Shillingsburg. agent of the Southern
Pacific at Ventura, is in town.
Mrs. G. S. Holmes and family of Salt
Lake City are at the Occidental.
County Assessor I* A. Spitzer of San
Jose Is registered at the Grand.
V. S. McClatchy of the Sacramento
Bee is a late arrival at the California.
Thomas Goss. a brick manufacturer and
capitalist of Los Ang-eles. is at the Lick.
EDITOR CAI/L: In the Bulletin of this evening we observe a statement
that there was a rumor current that Auditor Wells had decided to withhold
from Thomas J. Graham, Superior Judse, his monthly salary of $333 1-3,
pending the determination of the contest for the office now- carried on in
JudRC Murasky's court. While deferentially bowing to the superior wisdom
of the evenlnp organ and of the Auditor, we respectfully submit that the
Auditor will do noilunp: of the kind, for, under the constitution (see section
17, article VI), but one-half of the salary of each Superior Judge is paid by
the county, the other half beine paid by the State. And we may add as our
conclusion that the Auditor Is not even authorized to stoo the half paid by
the county during the pendency of the contest and the appeal in the Supreme
Court.
While -it is true that it was provided by section 936 of the Political Code
hat "when the title of the Incumbent of any omceMn this Slate is contested
by proceedings instituted in any court for that purpose, nc warrant can
thereafter be drawn or paid for any part of his salary until such proceedings
have been finally,, determined." it is also true that the above section was
amended by -an act of. the Legislature, approved March 10, 1S31 (see Statutes
of 1S91, pp. 2S and 29), which said amendment reads n's follows: "Provided,
however, that this section shall not be construed to apply to any party to
a contest or proceeding now pending or hereafter instituted who holds the
certificate of election or commission of office and discharges the duties of the
offlce; but such party shall receive the salary of such office, the same as if
no contest or proceeding was pending," which clearly goes to show that un
til the final and adverse determination by the Supreme Court on appeal, tho
incumbent is absolutely entitled to the salary of the office.
Respectfully submitted,
JULIUS CAESAR SAUL.JIAXX.
San Francisco, January 9, 1901.
SALARY IN CONTESTED JUDGESHIP.
PRESIDENT DAVID STARR JOR
DAN of Stanford University is as
warm In his commendation of Ths
Call's historical and statistical at
las as are President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler of the University of Cali
fornia and State Superintendent of Pub
lie Instruction Thomas J. Kirk. Indorse
ment of any publication by such eminent
authorities in educational matters is suf
ficient to stamp the Iiall mark of excel
lence on any work and The Call Is proud
to be able to offer to its subscribers an
atlas so indorsed. «
In the first place the atlas is published
by the premier map-making firm of
(jeorfre V. Cram & Co., an'd in producing
it for introduction into the twentieth cen
tury the publishers have spared no effort.
Its maps are absolutely accurate and up
to date, having been drawn and newly
engrave.1 from the records of the Topo
graphical Department at Washington and
from the charts of the RoyaJ Geocraph-
One dollar and a half in cash and six
months' subscription to The Daily Call
will entitle you to tM3 splendid book of
reference.
Many persons have paid, many others
have been asked to pay. from $>> to $10 for
a first-class atlas, and are surprised as
well as pleased to have offered to them
a work so complete* and of such high
merit on such easy crrms.
In addition to the m.ios, there is a
chronology giving in order dates anrt
facts in American history from 9S6 to the
present time; there is a reliable digest of
the history of political parties. Another
feature mifrht justly be styled "An Bncy
clopedin. of History and Geography," as
in condensed space it gives briefly: the
area, population, physical features, gov
ernment, religion, education, army an'l
navy defences, industries, climate, etc.,
of every State. Territory and foreign
country of the world.
ical Society of London. There are 170
maps of modern geography and forty-six
maps and plans of l\u-. principal citie3 of
the world. .
The visiting Britisher is of course young and fool
ish or she would not have undertaken to criticize a
society she does not understand; but in view of the
Cleveland incident she has a just right to ask whether
there be any one who understands it.
If, as appears from the report, the detectives were
as well bred, as well dressed and as skilled in dancing
as the guests at the function, why should they not be
permitted to dance, .md why should the social set be
aghast because they did? If we are to have a demo
cratic society so free in every respect that millionaires
have to employ detectives to watch the guests at a
reception and keep an eye on the spoons, then surelv
the detectives are not worse than other folks in the
crowd, and the young men who introduced them to
the belles are not to be blamed. If, on the other hand,
we are not to have such democracy in society, then
why should there be detectives and why should men.
in the social swim deem it proper to introduce un
krown men to the ladies of their acquaintance?
The showing made by the item from Cleveland jus
tifies the statements of the visiting critic. Certainly
detectives are not invited to dance at "swell functions"
in European capitals. The one question, then, for
the controversialists to decide is whether such invi
tations are right or wrong.
The issue is rendered interesting by the coincidence
of a social item going the rounds of the very papers
that arc roasting the critic of Washington. The item,
as recorded in the New York Press, runs thus:
'"Cleveland society, the feminine part of it, is aghast
at the knowledge that many of its members danced
with detectives at Ru:h Hanna's coming-out party in
the Chamber of Commerce building on New Year's
night. It has been learned that, in addition to half
a dozen city detectives who attended the party, about
fifty private detectives in dress suits were among the
party. They mingled with guests and appeared to
great advantage. It was so large a party that it was
impossible that everybody should know with whom to
dance, and some of the young Clevelanders, who
thought it would be fun, introduced several of the
sleuths to the young society women in the party. The
detectives were willing and anxious to dance, and as
their instructions were to mingle with the guests they
mingled completely."'
The publication of the letter has naturally given
rise to a good deal of comment in the East, and par
ticularly in those centers where the people are in the
habit of looking upon Western men and women as
wild and woolly and speaking scornfully of Western
nu.nne.rs. These folks are offended that a stranger
from the effete drawing-rooms of London should find
i'i them much the same fault they- think they find in
us, and accordingly with much iteration they are as
suring themselves that they are all right and the vis
iting English woman is "too cruel."
AN English woman residing in Washington re
cently wrote for the London Chronicle an ac
count of society in the United States as seen
by a stranger at the .capitdi. After pronouncing us to
be a "conglomerate of all races," she notes that our
society is not versed in the etiquette 'of European
drawing-rooms, arid goes on to say: •"Whether the
lack. of polish in many instances is due to an ignorance
of the rudiments of. refined life, the effects .of the
boasted common school training where all classes
n:eet on. a. common level, or an affected indifference
to what we cal|, polite usage, it is difficult to say.
Whatever be the cause, the disheartening fact remains
that outside the circle of a few thousands of cultured
people in each of the great centers, and proportion
ally less for the smaller' towns and villages, there are
few who would not become the cynosure of all eyes
and the center of all manner of criticism in any capi
ta! in Europe."
SOME SOCIAL QUESTIONS.
THURSDAY...... JANUARY io, 1901
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Itttttt All CcsBBcicttioci to W. 8. LEAKE. Xuigtr.
M\NAGI*!t'S OFFICE Telephone rrM» 204
I'l ULICAT1OV OFPICB...Markrt and Third. 9. K.
Telephone Preaa 2O1.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 «(crrn»on St.
Telephone l*rean SO2.
Dellverefl *y Cnrriern. IB Cent« Per Week.
Slngrle (Topic*. S Cent".
Term* »•»- Mall, lnrlndlnc Poatasei
r^It-T CALT. (lr.rlufllrr Punflar). one y*«r tl.N
PAILT OALI, CJsclufilnr Funfi»y>. C roontb» S.M
OAIX-T CALA. <Jr.c!u<Jtnr Sunday). S months 1.59
3AILT CAIJJ— By Plnrle Mocth «r
POCDAT CALL. On. Te*r 1.59
WEEKLY CALL. On. Tear 1.00
All poatmaatera are authorized to t-eeelTe
puliarrlptfona.
Stnspl* ccr!«* "fill b* forwarded vhra r»qu*«te<i.
Moll «:b5=p*-!TT*r" In crd'Tlng rhanr^ of addrem should ?»•
r*r-tfru!«r to clv» both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In ord^r
to :nsure a rTcrr.rt and corrwt wimpHance with their request.
OAKLAMJ OFFICE 111S IlroadTrar
C. GEORGE KROGXES9.
. Ktriftr Toreiga AdTtrtiiiej. Mir^BttU Building, Cfcktgo,
tLong Distance Telephone "Central 2SU-")
NTTW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAHLTO.\ Herald Square
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
HEPHEX 11. S3IITII 3o Tribune Unlldlnc
ICETT TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Artoria Hotel ; A. Brentano. n Union Square:
Murray H1U Hew I.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Elierznaa Houae: P. O. N«wi Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
r.-tir.ont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WA$HI\CTO\ fD. C> OFFICE 14OC G St.. *. W.
MOIITON IZ. CBAXE, Correapondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— CTT Montgomery, corner of Cl»y. op*n
e=*.:i *:S> o'clock. SM Hayee. open nnttl »:S0 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open ur.tl! 9:20 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
»^C o'clock. IMl illusion. oi~n until 10 o'clock. TXl Market
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1CM Valencia, op«n
cctll S o'clock. 10« Eleventh, cpen until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner T»-er.tr-reccnd and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
DAVID STARR JORDAN
COMMENDS CALL ATLAS
President of Stanford University Adds His Praise
for the Splendid Work.
The decennial census of the Lnlted
Kingdom will be taken the eomlnjr spring,
beginning March 31. According to the ad
vance estimates issued by the . British
Registrar General, the population of the
United Kingdom should be 41,297.000. a to
tal increase of 3.193.O0O or 8.40 per cent
since 1S9L. This estimate foreshadows a
decline, since 3.40 per cent is 3.15 less ln
ci*ease than in the preceding decade, and
3.56 under the lowest percentage of in
crease recorded in any decade of the cen
tury- — Springfield Republican.
The announcement is made, on excellent
authority, that on two of the more Im
portant railway systems in America the
train boy is to be abolished after January
1. The train boy is a survival of an era
in railroading that Is now practically ob
solete, and though he had his uses in
times that are past, he is now almost as
unnecessary an adjunct to a modern rail
way train as Is the handbrake or a linen
"duster"— that pride of the traveler of the
era in which the train boy was at the
height of his fame.— New Tork Press.
Census of Great Britain.
Speaking: of booing. Israel Zangwlll
says the author of a play should never
respond to a call from the audience, but
should take a cab Instead. His appear
ance on thp utasre is irrelevant and hia
anonymity cannot possibly be preserved.
Even who wrote Shakespeare has leaked
out— Boston Herald.
New Osntury Is No Kid.
The New Year's papers are coming in
day by day from all around. All the car
toons represent the new * century as a
healthy baby. Is it not. a wrong concep
tion? The ancients had no such cartoor.3
in thrir new century journals. Rather,
with them Minerva was the emblem for
the occasion — Minerva, that sprang Into
perfect life and strength and fu'ly
equipped, the war goddess. ITie new cen
tury came ready for business and should
be so represented.— Salt Lake Tribune.
Passing of the Train Boy.
Australian Commonwealth.
The most Important and Impressive
event that signalized the opening of the
twentieth century was unquestionably the
birth of the new, free, self-governing
commonwealth in the south seas— the con
federation of the Australian colonies. —
Buffalo Commercial.
CEristmas in Philadelphia.
In spite of its reputation as a quiet city.
Philatf-lphia sent Its patrol wagons to
look after 623 cases of Christmas drunk
enness and one hospital cared for fifty
four persons, two-thirds of whom had
been •hurt in exuberant holiday fights. —
St. Lcuis Globe-Democrat.
Zang-will on "Booing."
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
GOVERNOR GAGE'S message is wholly de
voted to the business of the State. Since the
days of Governor Irwin no other riiessagc has
gone into such painstaking detail in discussing all the
varied interests of the State which are confided to
public authority. The income of the State is derived
from the taxation of its property and people. The
outgo of the State is for the maintenance of its gov
ernment, the preservation of public order, the protec
tion of person and property necessary to the growth
end prosperity of the commonwealth, and in caring
for its defective, indigent and helpless population.
The Governor begins his message with an obser
vation admonitory of the Legislature, which has the
clearness and force of an axiom. Impressing upon
the members the necessity of care in legislating, hi
says: "The evil of an individual, as a rule, affects him
aione. for his power of injuring the few around him
can be summarily restrained: but the wrong of a bad
law affects the whole community, and its poison may
spread before discovery, and the injury may be irre-.
parable, though afterward annulled by the decision of
a court, or repealed by act of a future Legislature." i
Attention is called to the tax exemptions provided
by the amendments to the constitution adopted by th?
people at the last election. The exemption of church
and university property shifts its burden of taxation
upon non-exempt property, so that the least extrava
gance in appropriation must necessarily be reflected
in an increase of the tax rate. Perhaps this view of
the amendments did not impress the people when
they were adopted. But it is clear that exemption
from tax of such a considerable body of property must
be followed by increase of rate.
The Governor urges abstention from creating fur
ther salaried offices and positions, and recommends
that the Legislature begin by restricting its own em
ployes to a useful minimum. /
The message enters fully into the successful efforts
of the Governor to save the State from the ruin of its
materialities by the bubonic plague scare. We think
he makes a complete and unanswerable demonstra
tion that the plague never appeared here, and that the
Federal Government should now avert a future injury
from the same source by a change in the quarantine
office.
Aroused to the importance of scientific accuracy in
such matters, because a quarantine against the State
brings loss and sacrifice to every interest of the peo
ple, the Governor recommends in terms "the exten
sion of the powers of the State Board of Health, so
that its dignity may be raised in proportion to its
importance, and that the most eminent physicians
may be proud to occupy a place in the board or act
under its supervision and direction. I recommend
that in the matter of bubonic plague or plague sus
pects, as well as in all other dangerous, epidemic, con
tagious and infectious diseases, the State Board of
Health have for State purposes full control and
supervision of all county, city and county, city and
town Boards o'f Health and medical officers, with a
right to demand at all times a report from such
boards and officers icspecting epidemic, contagious
and infectious diseases." /
This is an excellent and practical recommendation.
What is the use of a State Board of Health with no
jurisdiction and no authority? If local health bodies
may claim exclusive jurisdiction in each city, town
and county, admitting the State Board to their coun
cils only on sufferance, it is a useless appendage of
the government. But, endowed with general and
superior and paramount jurisdiction and power to en
force it. the health of the State will have some se
curity against the spread of epidemic?, and the inter
ests of the people will be protected against the spread
o; lying reports.
As to such reports the Governor recommends a
drastic remedy by declaring it a felony for any per
son or corporation to publish or procure to be pub
lished within this State any false report of the pres
ence of bubonic plague within this State, and that it
be likewise declared a felony for any person or cor
poration within this State to publish or procure to
be published outside the State such false report. That
will be called a serious remedy, but it is a serious
offense — one that visits upon every interest the actual
consequences of the plague in the absence of the dis
?The message commends the university to the care
of the Legislature, mentions gratefully the benefac
tions thereto of Mrs.. Hearst, and deals with all the
official relations of the State to the people.
A BUSINESS MESSAGE.
It is to be borne in mind our forests have to sup
ply not only our own needs, but a considerable de
mand from Europe.' Wood fiber is coming into us
for many kinds of articles, and consequently the de
mand for it is expanding much more rapidly than is
supposed by the general public. In view of all these
things it might be said that for the nation as well as
for New Hampshire forest salvation is the paramount
issue. California, at any rate, should profit by the
warning given in New England.
ber of statisticians calculate that a timber famine is
imminent in the near future. \ ' * ¦> *-•" '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi. THURSDAY, JANUARY 10, 1901
6
Andrew Carnegie has contributed one more
ought to the aggressive Americanism which marked
e end of the century in the United States. He de
ircf that whatever else we do we should not tol
ite English interference in the isthmian canal.
If a few more of cmr local women met • house
>reakcrs with the same onslaught as did an intrepid
finale a few days ago more rascals would reach the
inclusion that thieving is not a pastime to be in
blced.
SUNDAY'S CALL.
WHAT IS A CHRISTIAN?
H . By"Rer. Samuel Siocombe.
| A Colony of Chinese Pirates
I in Our Midst.
I The Best Known Dog on the
I Pacific Coast.
I Treasures of the White
I . House.
I How to Teach Toe Dancing.
I READ THE NEW SERIES OF
f| FUNNY STORIES .
a "Mr. Bowser's Tribulations"
I And
a "Widow Magoogin Papers."
I The Crack Amateur Rifle Shot
| , of America.
I Peck's Bad Boy and theGro-
| ceryman in New York.
; IN ISSUE OF JANUARY THIRIEENTH.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st Telephone Main 1SM2. •
Townsend's California glace fruits 50 C a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap baa-
l ?V "1 nIce P resent *°r Eastern t riend3
€29 Market street. Palace Hotel building •
Best eyeglasses; specs, 20c to 50c. Look oat
for SI 4th st. (front of barber store, gro.)*
Choice candies. Townsends.Palac8 HoUI.'
"WASHINGTON'. Jan. 9.— George Knight
Is at the Arlington; R. Thorna3. Dr. and
Mrs. G. Selfridge and Miss Jolliffe ara
at the Raleigh. All are from San Fran-
cisco.
CALTFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
AUCTION SALES.
Pr Frar.k W. BatterfteW — This day. January 10, at 11
o'clock. Turkish Kup, at 33$ Sutler etn?et.
Hy F. 11. Chase & Co.— Saturday. January 12. at 11 o'clock.
H<?r?es. at O>rdclta. Solan> Ccur.ty.
By Wni. Q. Laynjr- Saturday. January 12. at 12 o'clock.
ThorouchbrwJ Horsey, at t'akland Racetrack.
Orr^fuJn — Vaudeville.
Grand Or*ra-hausc— "A Vlrpin'.a -Courtship."
Alhai2bra— "Old Jed Prooty.*"
A!::t:ar — "XeU Gwjnne."
Colun-.bi*— "Way t»own East." «.
Tlvcll— "Cinderella."
Central Theater— "Woman ar.4 Wine."
California— "Hurr.an Hearts."
Olymria, corner Mascn and Eddr etre*t« — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenirf .
Fischer"*— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temrle— Benef.t p«-formaric« for families of
Glass Work* accident. Thursday. January 17.
M«n?j»litar. Temple— lecture by Ber. Peter C. Torke,
Thursday ev.*n:n£, February ;_
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Race*.
AMUSEMENTS. 9NEWS OF. THE OCEA2T.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
The Cavallere Clampa loads wheat for Eu
rope. 40s. rechartered; the Kennebec, lumber
at Port Klakeley for Sydney, Bis Sd, prior to
arrival; the Province, wheat at Portland for
Europe, 4!s 3d, rechartered prior to arrival.
A Cargo for Port Arthur.
The- Norwegian steamer Horda sailed yes
terday for Talien Wan via Tacoma, w'ith the
following cargo to be landed at Port Arthur,
valued at $25,350: 100- kegs sauerkraut. 37 gals
wine, 11 pkg» machinery. 8 cs canned goods,
5 pkgrs groceries and provisions. 6700 pes 1795
pkgs millwork. 5000 ft molding. .
Merchandise for "New York.
The steamship Roanoke sailed yesterday for
Panama with the followinR cargo to be tran
shipped to New York and Europe:
For N'ew Tork— 108 bales scrap leather, 152
sks bones, 135 bales rags, 136 sks old metal,
19 bbls geashells, 15 bales rubber. 190 bags glue,
420 bbls asphaltum. 3 bbls hides', 65 cs type.
M34 ctls barley, 24 cs platedware, 6 cs glass
ware. 40 bbls currants, £25 cs salmon, 160 cs
166,730 xrals wine; value. {75,106.
For Hamburg— 38 sks seashells, 6 bbls refined
asphaltum. 74 sks rock asphalt; value, $650.
For Havre— 35 sks value, {300.
Departure of the. Peru.
¦ The steamship Pern sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with «a general cargo
valued at $66,183, manifested as follows: For
Mexico, {399; for Central America, J61.6S7; for
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
. thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Tho high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flvo minutes later than at Fort Volnt; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
TO ARRIVE.
HARTLEPOOL — Arrived Jan fr-Or »hlp
Emille. fmm Chemalnus.
FALMOUTH-Salled Jan 8-Br ship Croym of
Indlii. for Hull.
Ql'KENSTOWN— Sailed Jan S— Br ehlo Nor
ma, for Ir^wltch.
N AN All MO— Arrived Jan 7— Nor stmr TUanla.
hence .Ian 3. Jan 8— Br stmr Robert Adamson.
!""¦> " Jan 3. ?
Hh1:»<1 Jan S — Stmr San Mateo. for Port Los
Angeles.
Sailed Jan 5— Nor stmr Titanla. for San Ftan
tflCO,
VANO">t'VER— Arrived Jan »— Br stmr Em
;ir«>««< or Jnpnn. from Yokohama.
VICTOitiA-l'awil out Jan »— Stmr San "Ma
teo, for San Krancl?co.
Arrived Jan 9— Br etmr Empress of Japan,
from Hongkong.
NEWCASTLE, A u.«— Arrived Jan S— Bark
Alex McNeil, from Kremantle.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL -Arrived Jan 9-Stmr Lake
Champlaln. from St John and Halifax
«I'BE.VSTO\VN'- Sailed Jan 9-Btmr Lake
Ontario, from Llverjmol. for Halifax and St
John.
Arrived Jan 9-Stmr Xew England, from Bos
ton, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
Arrived Jan J-stmr Ultonla. from Boston,
for I,lverpool. and pr«x?eed«"<l.
| SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Jan 10. 1 a m—
Stmr Xew York, from N'ew York.
NEW YORK-Sailed Jan 9-Stmr Cymric, for
Liverpool.
Arrived Jan 9 — Stmr Menomlnee, from Lon
don.
TO SAIL..
Steamer Movements.
Panama. J2165; for South America, $1932.. The
principal shipments were as follows:.
For Mexico— 9202 ft lumber, CO bdls shooks,
2 keps nails.
For Ontrnl America — S cs 10 pals brandy.
30 rs battled beer, 100 rs blue?t"n<\ 71 cs canned
goods. 31^0 r.tIs coal nil, 12 cs cordials, S3
coils cordage, 72 rs drj"cood». 9 cs rtruKW, 7722
bb1» flour, $4 bxs fruit. &31 j>kRs KrccrifH and
provisions. 22 cs hardware, 9 cs household
good*, 1?34 ttM hop". G roll* leather, SCO IT>n
lard, 2509 ft lun-.bpr, 21 kr^n nails. fi4 its onions.
H cs oil. on kPE» powder, :to pkes paste, 2<W
crs r" lt! 't n f8. £'"i5 lt)R i>.ir;iffln<». 3". bdls 20»; pes
rlp»*. 2)2 c« r»'»l*".', S <"S phonograph Hoods. 5
rs i>h<"vn poods, inrt fla>i<!« quicksilver, 27. P." 1 "
Tlis ) irp. 4ni pkes tnnk innterial, "0 cs nalmon,
?,:¦ cs 7I?9 gals win", 11 chests tea. 13.744 11>s
tallow. £7 re.'ls wire. 2 bb!s 237 ck whisky, 123
kegs white lend.
Kor Panama— 300 era potatoes, I cs frln, i~>0
bbls flour. ,
In transit— 1*0 cp Filk valued at $:0W).
For South Amerlra KCC2 tt>s rice. 3W3 tt>s
FUKar, 372 lbs hops. 5 <?s> iirus*. "(I libls shrimps,
JO cs salmon. 3 rs canned poods, 173 bbla flour,
10 Fks lentils, 210 gnls wine.
Notice to Mariners.
PAUNDEP.S HEICF. r*AL,lFOrtNIA.
Notice is hrr^by Klv« r. that the whistling
buoy off Saunders Reef. 7*4 miles beloTv Point
Arena, Cal., which parted its moorings and
went adrift In January. 19'V>, has been replaced
by another whlstllnsr tiu>y In the same position.
This notice a (Torts tlio "I^'.st of Heacons and
Buoys, Pacific <*oa.«t. irmo," page 27.
By order cf the LlgiKhoure Board.
U. riEHRKE.
Commander, U. S. N., Inspector.
Shipping Intelligence.
• ARRIVED.
Wednesday. January 9.
Stmr Samoa, Jacobs, 26 hours from Euroka.
fc'tmr Fulton, Levlnson, SO hours from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, 37 hours from San
Tedro. <f
Stmr Mattcawan, Croscup, 06 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr San Jose, Cattarlnlch, 4 days IS hours ;
from Xanalmo.
Stmr Despatch, Johnson, 70 hours from As
toria. /
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, 16 hours from Fort
Uraeg.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, 35 hours from
A'entura.
Stmr Nome City. Daniels, 3'.i days from Se
attlo.
Stmr Brunswick, Andrespn, 23 hours from
Eureka; bound aouth; put ln to land passen
eers.
Stmr Eureka, J<»snen, 23 hours from Kureka.
Turt Tatoosh. Uailey, SO hours from Seattle.
Ship Eclipse, Larsen, Comox.
CL.EAHED.
Wednesday, January 9.
Stmr Peru. Plllsbury, Panama, etc; Pacific
Mall B S Cff. *
Ship Shenandoah, Murphy, Liverpool; "\Vm
Dree bach.
SAILED.
Wednesday, January 9.
Btmr Peru, PillBbury. Panama and way ports.
Stmr City of Peking, Smith, Hongkong, etc.
Stmr Uoanoke, Weaver, Panama.
Stmr South Portland, Hall. Astoria.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen, Pan Pedro.
Stmr I^alune, Fchage, Kureka.
Stmr Que»n. Thomas. San Diego.
.Stmr Washtenaw, Zoning, Tacoma.
Nor stmr Horda, Svendsen. Tacoma. •
Hr ship Glaucus. Bennett. Queenstown.
Sufcr I>-na Swrascy, Foreft, Grays Harbor.
Kchr Western Home, Chrlstenscn, Coos Bay.
Scl.-r Abblc. PPtereon. .
S;hr Mary C, Campbell. Bodega.
Schr Mary K Russ. Wlkender, Cooa Bay.
Schr North Bend. Jackson. Willapa Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan P, 10 p m-W'eather
clear; wind north, velocity 8 miles. '
¦ SPOKEN.
Dec 8, lat 66 S. Ion 79 W— Br bark Ltadfleld.
from Hastings -Mill, for London.
. Dec 21, lat 10 S. Ion 25 W— Br ship Afghanis
tan, hence Aug 2S. for Liverpool.
MISCELLANEOUS. •
LONDON, Jan 9— Dr ship Eudora, from San
Francisco Sept 13, for Queenstown, put Into St
Michaels with'losa of some calls, carpo shifted
and damaged. Extent* of damages not yet as
certained.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 9— Schr Monterey, for
San Francisco: schr Volunteer, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Arcata, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDUO— Arrived Jan 0— Stmr Aberdeen,
henoe Jan 7.
SKATTLE— Arrived Jan 9— Stmr Dlrlgo, from
Okaeuay. -
Sailed Jan 8— U S etmr Columbine. Jan 9 —
U S stmr Manzanita; stmr Czarina, for Taco
ma: bark Highland Light, for Lahalna; ship
Luclle, for Sun Francisco; bark Wentgate. for
Queenstown.
EUREKA— Sailed Jan 8— Stmr Samoa, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Jan 9— Stmr Pomona, hence Jan 8;
stmr Alliance, from Coos Bay; stmr South
Coafit. hence- Jan 7.
Sailed Jan 9— Stmr Westport..for San Fran
cisco; sehr Mary Buhne, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Jan 9— Oer bark dllbek,
Dutch bark Pax and Fr bark Louis Pasteur,
for Queenstown; Nor stmr Norman Isles, for
Shanghai; Br stmr Kalsow, for .
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 9— Schr Glendale. from
San Pedro. Jan 8— Ship Slntram. hence Dec «3.
PORT TOWNSHND— Arrived Jan 9— 3r stmr
Yang Tsze. from Hongkong.
PORT HADLOCK — Sailed Jan 9 — Schr
Oceania Vance, for San Diego. .
BANDON— Arrived Jan 4— Schr Nettle Sund
bonr. hence Dec 23.
UMPQIIA— Arrived Jan «— Schr Beulah. from
KAHULUI— Arrived Dec 17— Schr Metha Nel
son, hence Nov 22. .
Sailed Dec 15— Schr Mary Dodge, for Tacoma;
schr Serena Thayer, for Lahaina,
LAHAINA — Arrived Dec 16— Schr Serena
Thayer, from Kahulul.a*
ELEKLE— Sailed Deo Bktn Amelia, for
Pu-et Sound.
EASTERN PORT.. •/,
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 8— Stmr Finance, for
Colon; stmr Niagara, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PORT BL.AKELETT— Arrived Jan 9— Bark
Kate Davenport, hence Dec 21.
Sailed Jan 9— Schr Challenger, for San Fran
cUsco; pchr Americana, for Sydney.
> TVJAN1LA— Arrived Nov 21— Bark Topgallant,
from Hongkong, and sailed Deo 12 for . Port
Townsend. • **s^gS^£pe(gjsMsSw
*. PORT PIRIE — Arrived Jan 8— Bark Reaper,
from Port Gamble.
DELAGOA BAY—Arrlved D«c IS— Bark Ore
ton, from Port Blakeley, J
THE AMERICAN SHIP TWO BROTHERS RETURNING TO PORT IN DIS
TRESS. SHE LEFT TACOMA FOR HAWAII, AND BEING CAUGHT
IN A STORM SPRANG A LEAK.
became an object of terror— all th* early
gods being gods of fear— and so an image
of ill-omen.
Understanding that Caliban Is partly a
child and In part an adult, he may be
examined with reference to his eqtirp
ment with respect to artistic, moral and
intellectual functioning. The fullness ot
his sensory experience has already been
commented upon. In a few instances
these sensations m,erge into esthetic per
ceptions—as when he looks out over the
sea and observes the sunbeams weaving
upon the surface a spider web of fire into
which some great fish breaks at times,
ruffling the meshes and causing 1 the dusk
shadows to play amid the light. H» has
the Imagination that reaches th© Quiet,
and that affects the symbolic quality of
his speech. He figures the wind as
shouldering the pillared dust. He says
he wove wattles to fence In tortoises, then
a wave of the sea, feeling the foot of
faetebos upon Its neck, gasped as a snake
does, lolled out its tongue and licked the
whole labor flat. According to bis means
n© Is a creative artist. He piles turf, pro
portions th© structure,- decorates it with
squares of soft white chalk, scratching
upon them the image of the moon, seta up
on the piles some spikes of trees and.
crowns the whole with the gleaming skull
ot a sloth. This Is done, h© says, solely
for the pleasure of the work, the Joy of
creation.
Not less complete, according to his evo
lution, is Caliban's moral equipment. His
moral motives axe both hate and fear.
His mother had taught him to love Sete
bos, but as hate is hii chief exp«rience
he can conceive of God only as a god of
pain. Nevertheless, he has conceptions
of right and wrong. He knows he
should be at work for Prospero and that
it 13 not right to gibe at Setebos. Fear
or punishment recalls him to hiraself. and
under conviction of sin he promises refor
mation. When the storm breaks upon
nlra and the fierce thunder threatens
him he seeks to appease the angry god of
the skies by promises of loving and fast
ing and praying.
As a rational being Caliban was prob
ably in advance of his time, and leads
the revolt against current orthodoxy In
one point of dispute at least— the belief in
life after death. His mother held the
opinion that Setebos feasted friends and
punished enemies in heaven and hell. But
Caliban argues that pain ends with death
He appears thus as a primitive scientist
and bases hia thinking upon observation
and experience. He has conceived al
ready some notion of causation. He dis
tinguishes between the system of things
he knows— the sun and moon, meteors,
clouds, the winds, the sea and its islands,
all elements that come within the circle
of a single influence— and the stars that
belong in their infinite quietude to an
other rule. Within the sphere of his ob
servafton his scrutiny i 3 keen. He
ho*? I s h the . h v bit3 ot animals-how the
SS?r I" 1 " 19 * by raoonll eht, haw the pi 9
ple.es into oak warts for worms, how the
ants build, how the crabs march from the
mountains to the sea., how little birds
hate the Jay, where she tortoises lay their
*¦*£*, how urchins curl up into a little
ball, pretending death, at hts approach
and how grubs grow into butterflies, how
wartr rub away and sores are cured with
Like other minds, Caliban had worked
hLA an , ! , d 2\». of rt fate - An Impersonated
deity, called the Quiet, drf-ells tn the back
ground of being, with stars th© outposts
of its couch, and controls Setebos as Sete
bos vexes mortals. The Quiet is unde
rived. self-contained, having neither joy
nor grief since these derive from weak
ness. Caliban s doctrine* of evil is tha*
pain is the sign of an angry pod's <Jls
£***"** and the last pain is death, with
which an end of all. Ail life, however, is
"In teil A'. th P ain ln eaual decrees.
All need not die. for of th« things of the
isle some flee afar, some dive, some run
up trees." Some, that la. ara elect and
predest ned to safety, though commonly
by capricious choice. Caliban reverts herg
for nlustration to his own experience. He
has watched a company of crabs crawi
from the mountain to the sea. He ha<l
himself let twenty pass and stoned th»
\*- n « y '? r V- J J e twlste< * the Pincers off
the first straggler with purple spots, and
gave one bruised fellow a worm ud two
nn.Ttf 10 e wh 1 se "toPew ended ln red.
Doubtless the crabs were as much dlscon-
c w r ! e , as mortal s have been in making
their election sure. Withal Caliban ud
holds a theory of salvation. Death Is tho
final redemption, but within the circle of
lire there is yet escape from pain. "Tha
best way to escape his ire la not to seem
too happy. He would cheat the god bv
seeming to suffer when ln the be3t c'f
health and spirits. So he dances on dar*
nights, moans in the sun, get3 under cov
er to laugh. When h© cannot cheat Sete
% h( T.u' m a PP, ease him by sacrifice. H<»
will either punish himself by cutting off
a finger or biting through his upper lip
or by denying himself the toothsome ap
ples, quails or whelks, or secure his safe
ty by Wood atonement, sacrificing his fin-
e w k!d 4 y,? arll nsr and burning it upon an
altar with appropriate rites. In all thes©
opinions th© reader wil! detect Browninsr'3
motive of showing th»i derivation of belief
and conduct from tho point of view ot
evolution.
The difference-, then, between th« two
modes of dramatization may be stated
thus: Shakespeare, simply seizing uport
tho savage as a dramatic object, perhaps
also as a symbol, gave him a subordinate
place ln a play of enchantment, relating
his conduct to that of the chief actor
Browning detects the soul of the savage
and. Individualizing him. dramatizes hla
actual relation to the movements of life
and thought. If Browning draws the mora
elaborate picture it is because he llvel
In a. later age of history and knew his
subject more scientifically and Intimately
OSCAR LOWELL. TRIGGS.
Chicago University.
Required Heading: Shakespeare's
"Tempest," Browning's "Caliban
Upon Sstebos."
I propose in this paper to compare
Shakespeare's and Browning's treatment
of the savage Caliban, in order to show
the 'progress made in three centuries In
the dramatic treatment of life. *\t first
thought the comparison seems unfair,
since in one case Caliban is subordinated
to the- conduct of a complicated play,
while in the other ca^o ho seems to occu
py th© stage alone. But It will appear
from a study of Browning's poem that in
reality Caliban is the ?ame slave of Pros
pero and all the conditions of the piay
may be Implied in the po«m. But it i<»
to be observed furtner that the indlvldu
alization of Caliban Is one of the change*
that has taken place in tho period tinder
review.
This, then, is the Image of Caliban on
Shakespeare's stage: He is a strange mis
shapen, creature, half nsh, half man. He
was fathered by a devil and a witch gave
him birth. He was reared in solitude. He
gabbled until Prospero taught him speech.
Food and drink and sensual pleasures
alone attracted him. His senses are keen
ly perceptive and ho knows, where tho
best thinss on the .island may be found.
He listened to dreams and heard the mu
sic of spirits. When it thundered he grov
eled In fear of Setebos. • He slaved for
Prospero when compelled by aches and
pains. He was rebellious when the oppor
tunity came to get «» better master. He
realized the significance of punishment
and could repent of vnongdoinj. Within
the compass of his savage nature he was
not altogether unpoetlca.1 and compares
well with the degraded Stephano and the
foolish Trinculo. Although a brute, ho
approximates the attributes of a man. I
suppose that Shakespeare had merely a
dramatic Interest in this brute-man. Tho
conception of such a one would naturaily
arise with the idea ol a desert island.
From the play we catch echoes of travel
ers' tales of the islands of the sea am!
their savage inhabitants. Among contem
porary publications were the histories of
Sir Walter Raleigh and Richard Hakluyc,
Purchass' "Pilgrimage'.' and Richard
Kden's account of the voyage of Magellan
in the south fcas. Tfte facts about sav
age races were just then becoming known
to the English people. For the first tlmo
tho poet with his world-wide curiosity
could set forth upon the stage the lowest
tvpe of man. For th* tirst time, indestl,
he could picture the variety of the human
kind: Ariel belonging to the land of
faery, a spirit of the air; Caliban, in far
contrast the basest representative of tho
earth, a brute emerging from the mud
It was doubtless Shakespeare's motive to
give both types a place and meaning in
his play of enchantment. I would not
deny that he had a ctrtaln scientific mo
tive in showing the world his idea of an
evolutionary growth Intermediate between
brute and man.
• Now Browning's Caliban is the same
pictiiresc,iu<? slave of Prospero — and some
thing more. Without losing anything of
objective force Browning delineates the
savage subjectively. Sprawling in the
cool' slush of his cave and surrounded by
the abundant life of summer, Caliban
looks out over the ocean where sunbeams
cross and recross till they weave a
spider's web of tire and longs for the solu
tion of a mystery— no longer the "mere
slave of a master, but in a natural and
independent way, questioning in regard
to the existence and nature of Setebos,
whom his dam calls God. His thoughts
are busy with the problems of evil and
pain. Setebos, he thinks, rules and vexes
man in spite and sport. Above Setebos
Is the Quiet, which the lower god apes,
and unable to reach the other's happy
life takes his solace in make-believes. In
the Tempest we saw the Caliban form;
here we see more of the Caliban soul.
The difference" in "the two poety" por
trayal of the savage nature measures the
growth of three centuries. , The renais
sance of the sixteenth century was largely
physical; that of the nineteenth century
has been spiritual. Whereas Shakespeare
might present life In its outward mani
festation Browning is enabled to show
man thinking, feeling and struggling for
spiritual gains. Browning's work, in
short, is baaed upon a deeper psychology.
In «other respects of science Browning
represents nn immense advance. He had
at his service the new . sciences of an
thropology and folk-lore. He was able to
appropriate the modern truth of evolu
tion. For it is now known that both life
and thought are evolutions from lower
forms. As life has assumed in series ever
higher and higher embodiment, so his
tory. Institutions, constitutions and cus
toms are the result of ideas which have
been developing from the beginning of
human experience. LJfc and belief are
both vital processes. Development by
natural and artifical selection of the fittest
organism and the fittest belief is the
modern formula of life and opinion. The
Caliban of the sixteenth century gains in
finitely in meaning when his kind are
seen to be the progenitors of the human
forms amid which he grovels. No one
present on that stage — not Prospero or
Alonso or Ariel — was aware of the rela
tionship. We look upon life with different
eyes, a new interest attaches to every
stage of the process, now that science
has dis-closed the chain by which the last
Is linked to the first and how the lowest
moves forward to the highest. The new
interest in Caliban as modernly known is,
then, two-fold: An interest in his per
sonality or inner experience and an Inter
est in the place of that experience in the
evolution of man. Browning approaches
his subject from this point of view and
his poem is illumined fully by the evolu
tionary idea.
It will be important now to know *Just
what Browning's treatment of the savage
is. His Caliban exhibits the characteris
tics of a primitive man — but how prim
itive and to what stage of evolution does
he belong? It Is noticeable that sensa
tions form the chief facts of his experi
ence. He is especially sensitive in the
sense of touch— the lowest of the five— as
is seen, by his love of the cool mud In the
warm summer time. It is evident that
his energy has been expended in physi
cal paths. He Is keenly observant, know
ing the habits of animals, the growth of
plants and the temper ft the sea.
Perfected in the lower ranges of senso
ry equipment, he is notably defective in
respect of self-consciousness. He speaks
of himself in the third person in a child
ish manner. He becomes aware of hisln
dlviduality under two conditions. First,
he becomes Intoxicated, realizing In this
excess of sensation some Increase of con
sciousness, with no more harmful effect
than becoming wanton and wishing he
were born a bird. Had he Increased the
measure of his mash and honeycomb and
pods, probably he would have risen Into
that state of ecstacy which accompanies
the performance of religious rites among
all primitive peoples. The, personal pro
noun is also employed when he makes
something or compares himself with ob
jects, the act- of making and comparing 1
giving him Integrity and conscious char
acter.
Another childish trait Is disclosed in his
imltativeness. He watches Prospero and
Imitates his master's world with baubles.
He makes a book of leaves and writes
therein prodigious words and symbols,
cuts a .branch from a tree for a magic
wand, wears a beast's skin for an en
chanter's robe, tames an ounce and says
she is Miranda, keeps for Ariel a crane
and for a Caliban and slave seizes a sea
bird which he Minds and lames and pens
in the rocks to <',rudge. Such childish con
duct Indicates his degree of personal evo
lution.
It is correct to call Caliban primitive,
but it may now be observed that he is in
reality quite old in racial history. He Is
free-minded on his own part, yet not so
liberal as to be free from traditions and
associations that belong to racial life. He
has been taught of what his dam calls
God and of this god^he mother has been
taught by her dam, and so back for un
told generations. .Already the general
tenets of his belief are formed by trad'
tlon. Caliban Is a moon-worshiper, but
he did not invent moon-worship. That
was one of his racial traditions. His ref
erence to the raven, also, as -the spy of
Setebos, points to his attachment to a
wide social group. For there is nothing
more extensive in primitive life than this
fear of the raven.; which was somehow a
sign of deity. ¦ Thus associated the raven
Copyright, 1901, by Seymour Eaton.
Question of Hours Is the Cause of the Split Between the
Shipowners and the Labor Organization.
POPE & TALBOT and the Sea^
men's Union of the Pacific are at
outs. For nearly a generation the
big firm of lumber dealers and
shipowners has lived at peace
with the union, byt now the sailors have
insisted upon rertain demands which the
firm declines to grant and the trouble is
on. • ¦
Pope & Talbot control one of the largest
fleet of coasters sailing from San Fran
cisco. All their vessels were manned by
union men, union wages have been inva
riably paid and union rules observer). As
a result the firm's vessels were generally
the best manned on the coast.
The trouble began on the ship America
on PuRot Sound, however. The crow on
that vessel were worked overtime and
the captain refused to pay more than the
ordinary wages. It Is hard to gauge a
day's work on a lumber vessel, as at some
ports the mills close down at 5 p. m.,
while at others they run until C p. m. Now
an hour moans a whole lot in the loading
or unloading of a ship, and it was on that
rock the union and Pope & Talbot split.
The union insisted upon inserting a nine
hour clause In the articles, and Pope &
Talbot would not consent. In conse
quence all of the firm's vessels will go out
with non-union crews until the difference
is settled.
PUTS BACK IN DISTRESS.
Ship Two Brothers Springs a Leak
When Off the Port.
The ship Two Brothers, bound from Ta
cbma for the Hawaiian Islands, had to
put in here last Tuesday night in distress.
She was caught in the gale that caused
so much damage, but apparently escaped
unhurt. However, on December 23. when
2op miles southwest of San Francisco. In
a calm she sprang a leak. Hoon the wa
ter was pouring in at the rate of eighteen
inclies an hour and all hands haO to take
to the pumps. The Two Brothers was
then put before the wind and under easy
sail San Francisco was reached. Her car
go will be discharged to-day and then the
ship will po on the drydock for an over
hauling. In the days of the Civil War
the Two Brothers was a clipper. Now she
is considered an "old timer," but sea
worthy. *
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
There was not much business done at
the meeting of the State Board of Harbor
Commissioners yesterday. Chief Engineer
Holmes submitted plans and specifications
for a nc-w dolphin between slips 4 and 5 of
the ferry approaches. Sheds are to be put
up in tha,t vicinity ami other improve
ments made. Tho plans were approved
and bids for tho work will lie called for.
Attorney K. B. Younp appeared before
the board on behalf of the creditors ot
Bateman Brovs. The latter tlrm has a
claim against the commission for extra
work and the creditors want tho money.
Nothing was done, as the Commissioners
have paused the matter up to the Board
Chief Steward Is Honored.
There were f-ome pleasant reunions on
the transport Grant during her run from
Manila. Christmas and New Year's
days were spent at sea. but all
aboard had a pleasant time. The children
had a Christmas tree and extra fare was
nroviileil for all hands by Chief Steward
\\\ Herhert. In consequence lie brings
back to port with him three testimonials
find twenty tlir.es as many expressions of
Kood will. The llrst testimonial Is headed
by Mrs. General Funston; the second by
Captain Smedley I>. Uutler, U. S. M. C.'.
fj>n of Senator Butler, and the third by
Mrs. II. B. P.-iddock. wife of Captain Pad
dock of the Sixteenth Cavalry. Judging
Of the entertainment by the Grant's hill
of fare for Christmas day, the passengers
did not mips much by being 1000 mile*
from nowhere.
Is This Another Joke?
A letter received at the ferry station
yesterday is looked upon by the police
as a ghastly, joke. It reads as follows:
January S.
Whoever finds this Mter please place it In
the hands of the police. Despondency has
driven nw to commit suicide. My body will
be found Sn Golden Gate Park.
JIM McGRATH, City.
The matter was turned over to Captain
Dunlevy of the Harbor Police, but he
does not place much credence in the let
ter.
Captain Tribble Exonerated.
Captains Bolles and Bulger. United
States local inspectors of hulls and boil
ers, have exonerated Captain. W. T. Tria
ble of the bay steamer Sausalito in Ihe
matter of the collision last October be
tween the steamer and the yacht Queen.
They found that the Queen was racing
and bumped into the port quarter of the
steamer, breaking the yacht's bowsprit.
Maritime Libel Filed.
Martin R. Roberts filed a libel in the
United States District Court yesterday
against the scow schooner Howard and
Kspinoso de los Monteros to recover pos
session of the schoontr from Monteros.
who, it is alleged in the complaint, ille
gally ousted Roberts from the possession
thereof.
A libel was filed In the same court by
Antonio Ramirez and others of the crew
of the fcteamship Mexico to recover $1001
wages and damages for breach of con
tract.
Point Arena Suit Ended.
A Jury In . the United States Circuit
Court yesterday returned a verdict for
$250 for the land and J1000 damages against
the Government in th« matter of thft con
demnation of two acres of land tt Point
Arena belonging- to "Wells. Russell Com
pany, taken by the Government for the
purpose of a life-savins' station. J. C
Campbell and Reuben H. Lloyd appeared
for the company and Assistant United
Sfates Attorney Banning for the Govern
ment.
?
Lucie's Goose 'Brings Misfortune.
United States Court Commissioner Hea
eock yesterday dismissed the case of the
United States vs. Captain Jefferson of the
Helensburg, charged with smuggling
eighteen bottles of Scotch whisky into
Pat Lucle's saloon at Crockett. The cap
tain showed that th© whisky had been en
tered on the ship's manifest as captain's
stores. There were two cases of eighteen
bottles eacfi. When his vessel was board
ed by the Customs officials at Port Costa
one of the cases of eighteen bodies was
missing. Nine bottles were found on sale
In L-ucie's saloon. Lucle explained that
he received the whisky In exchange for a
fat goose and a bottle of rye presented by
him to the captain's wife. The captain
made Lucie a present, as he had a right
to do, and was not aware that Lucle would
offer the goods for sale. Lucle's case was
continued.
Shakespeare's and Browning's Dra
matic Treatment of the Dwarf
Caliban.
HCDME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
SAILORS' UNION AND THE FIRM
OF POPE & TALBOT ARE AT OUTS
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day. the third time column rives the last tide
of the day,' except when there are but three
tide*, as sometimes occurs. Tho heights Riven
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus elgn (—) precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The . plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low. waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrosraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
January 9,1900.- .•'. •
The time ball on the tower of the new. Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon • of the . 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p.* m..; Greenwich time.
. C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S.' N., In charge.
THURSDAY. JANUARY 10. •
Sun rises ..7:26
Sun seta 5:09
Moon rlsos 11:02 p. m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 10, 1901.
7
XXII.
Steamer. I Destination. lSalls.1 Pier.
Thurs.. Jan. 10. I
Empire Coos Bay 12 m| Pier 13
Fri., Jan. 11.
Coqullle River Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier —
Fulton Grays Harbor Pier 20
Statp of Cal... Victoria & P*t Sd. 11 am Pier 9
Corona. Newport 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Fanta Ana Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
• Sat., Jan. 12. |
Xomo City Seattle 10 amlPter 20
Alliance L Portlrt A-.Coos Bay. 10 am Pier —
\V. II. Kruger. Grays Harbor |pier —
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Plrr 13
Point Arena... Point Arena frpmjpier 2
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Sun.. Jan. 13.
Columbia Portland...'. n am Pier 24
Santa Rosa.... San Diego..... 9 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
M-iii.. Jan. 14.
Rainier Seattle & N\ -W]»at Pier
North Fork.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Tues., Jan. 15.
Ronlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay Coq.ullle niver 9 am Pier 2
¦\Ved.. Jan. 16.
Queen San Diepo 9 am Pier 11
Gaelic China and Japan .. 1 pm PMSS
Czarina Seattle & Taooma. 5 pm Pier 8
Walla Walla.. .(Victoria & Pgt Sd. 11 am Pier 9
Steamer. Prom, j Due.
N'ewburg Grays Harbor Jan. 10
Point Arena.... I Point Arena Jan. 10
fc'nnta Rosa JSan Diego j an< iq
Columbia Portland j an . 10
V«". II. .Kroner. [Grays Harbor Jan. 10
Crwent City.. Crescent City Jan. 10
Alliance I Portland and Coos Bay Jan. 10
Tellus jXanalmo Jan. 10
Del Xorte Grays Harbor Jan. 10
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Jin. 11
North Fork.... Humboldt Jan. 11
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 11
Rainier (Seattle ...Jan. 11
Arcata.. Coos Bay Jan. 11
Zealandtn. ..'... Honolulu j an j->
Walla Walla... Victoria &. Puget Sund. JanI 12
Mandalay CoqulUe River j a n ]2
Queen San Diego j an ' u
Bonlta Newport j a n. 13
Titanla Nanalmo j an j»
Arfo Coqullle River j a n! 13
Coronado Grays Harbor j an 54
Marlposa Sj'dney and Way Ports Jan 14
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 14
Proereso... Taeoma. Jan' 14
Czarina Seattle and Taeoma Jan 14
G. W. Elder... Portland .% j an . 15
Corona Newtx)rt Jan. 16
(j Time Time Time Time
w Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
n H W L W ¦ H /\V I. W
13... 3:49 5.3 9:34 2.S 3:25 4.2 9:10 ~1~2
11 ... 4:1S 5.3 10:36 1.9 4:33 3.8 9:65 1 7
12... 4:G8 6.2 11:31 2.2 5:43 3.R 10:40 H
13 ... 5:39 5.3 12:30. 1.3 7:02 3.5 11:31 J*4
14 ...| 6:20 5.4 1:23 0.9 8:15 3.7
5 ...I 0:27 2.7 7:00 5.5 2:10 0.4 9:15 4 0
.« ... 1:23 2.S 7:43 5.6 2:54 0.0 10:06 4.3
Steamer. Prom, j Due.
N'ewburg Grays Harbor Jan. 10
Point Arena.... I Point Arena Jan. 10
fc'nnta Rosa JSan Diego j an< iq
Columbia Portland j an . 10
V«". II. .Kroner. [Grays Harbor Jan. 10
Crwent City.. Crescent City Jan. 10
Alliance I Portland and Coos Bay Jan. 10
Tellus jXanalmo Jan. 10
Del Xorte Grays Harbor Jan. 10
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Jin. 11
North Fork.... Humboldt Jan. 11
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 11
Rainier (Seattle ...Jan. 11
Arcata.. Coos Bay Jan. 11
Zealandtn. ..'... Honolulu j an j->
Walla Walla... Victoria &. Puget Sund. JanI 12
Mandalay CoqulUe River j a n ]2
Queen San Diego j an ' u
Bonlta Newport j a n. 13
Titanla Nanalmo j an j»
Arfo Coqullle River j a n! 13
Coronado Grays Harbor j an 54
Marlposa Sj'dney and Way Ports Jan 14
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 14
Proereso... Taeoma. Jan' 14
Czarina Seattle and Taeoma Jan 14
G. W. Elder... Portland .% j an . 15
Corona Newtx)rt Jan. 16
Steamer. I Destination. lSalls.1 Pier.
Thurs.. Jan. 10. I
Empire Coos Bay 12 m| Pier 13
Fri., Jan. 11.
Coqullle River Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier —
Fulton Grays Harbor Pier 20
Statp of Cal... Victoria & P*t Sd. 11 am Pier 9
Corona. Newport 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Fanta Ana Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
• Sat., Jan. 12. |
Xomo City Seattle 10 amlPter 20
Alliance L Portlrt A-.Coos Bay. 10 am Pier —
\V. II. Kruger. Grays Harbor |pier —
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Plrr 13
Point Arena... Point Arena frpmjpier 2
Newburg Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Sun.. Jan. 13.
Columbia Portland...'. n am Pier 24
Santa Rosa.... San Diego..... 9 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
M-iii.. Jan. 14.
Rainier Seattle & N\ -W]»at Pier
North Fork.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Tues., Jan. 15.
Ronlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay Coq.ullle niver 9 am Pier 2
¦\Ved.. Jan. 16.
Queen San Diepo 9 am Pier 11
Gaelic China and Japan .. 1 pm PMSS
Czarina Seattle & Taooma. 5 pm Pier 8
Walla Walla.. .(Victoria & Pgt Sd. 11 am Pier 9
(j Time Time Time Time
w Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
n H W L W ¦ H /\V I. W
13... 3:49 5.3 9:34 2.S 3:25 4.2 9:10 ~1~2
11 ... 4:1S 5.3 10:36 1.9 4:33 3.8 9:65 1 7
12... 4:G8 6.2 11:31 2.2 5:43 3.R 10:40 H
13 ... 5:39 5.3 12:30. 1.3 7:02 3.5 11:31 J*4
14 ...| 6:20 5.4 1:23 0.9 8:15 3.7
5 ...I 0:27 2.7 7:00 5.5 2:10 0.4 9:15 4 0
.« ... 1:23 2.S 7:43 5.6 2:54 0.0 10:06 4.3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
EsP
Another Great Qrpheum Show !
THE FIVE OLRACS. BETTINA GERARD.
J F CttOPnY JR.. INEZ FORMAX ANM
OOMPAKY. THE W!IJLT COLLIKIS. JOE
F*>TTL.ET THE EZSTEB8 HAWTHOIIXE,
IVnXIAM CAHILL DAV1P. THE BIO-
CBAPB AND RETCRN ENGAGEMENT
OF BHEASS AND "WARREN.
P^^rvea sf&ts. 25e; ¦balcony, 10c: op*ra chairs
and box feats. EV.
SlaMr.ws Wednesday, Saturday arid Sunday.
NEXT WEEK.
BABY !
First Ai>i>oa-aiire in Fan Francisco. Th«
World's Gr»>iit«t Ar.'.mal Act.
TO-NIGHT Wth Fcrforrr.ar.c* cf the- Tremen-
dous Bit.
Evenings mX S Sharp.
Matinee Saturday et 2 Sharp.
B} . KHRRIS HARTMAN.
ttt-.t, THE VEW BOgCGg, JOKES ASD THE
GREAT "CARMEN" BURLESQUE.
POPULAR PRICES 3 and M ccnU.
Telephone — Bufh 8.
A jT^i I PI^ Q 0 1 A f£AO3£0'S
y U ILU E¥i IS I A UA2KG THEATRE
Vi2f\' r T'V = OTrlrjr to th* cernana. «*ati i can
J\(J 1 t«p^ be secured for the next 16
perlormasees".
THE MOST PRONOrNCED HIT OF TEAKS!
Every Mgfct (Including Baa.). Matinee Eat.
EXTRA— 2 GRAND CONCERTS
V»xt Tuefflay sn.i Thursday Afternoons.
MDLLE. ANT0N1A DOLORES
?^at« Jl .7\ JI and Bte. Now ready.
THE MELODRAMATIC SUCCESS.
HUMAN HEARTS!
THIS TTEHK ONLY. MATINEE SATURDAY.
NHXT SXrST> AY AFTERNOON.
The Funniest Farce Comedy in Years,
"A BREEZY TIME."
Mor.<!ay VJrtt. Jan. 21. SPECIAX. ENGAGE-
MENT OF
MRS. FISKE in "BECKY SHARP."
BE L/iS CO Ama THALCS Jfctfjjg.
" U "\^ tiKSTt CtTY tUUi
PJione South 12Z.
TO KffiHT Ana Every nrenln* This Week.
lv>-.MUUl Matinee fiaturiJey and Sunday.
ANOTHER BIG SUCCESS.
WOMAN AND WINE
rrndured exactly a* rern at the Academy of
Uut'.c. New York;. Maiminc<>nt Sc«nery— Gor-
rortunifs — CJreat I>u<-1 Rr»tj», etc.
Over 300 People In Thi« Bl» Production.
Jirst Appearance at this theater— A DA LE WIS.
VHtrVZ Kvenlng*— I0c. 15c. *Zc. ric, 60e.
rnlLti Matin'^e— JOc. I5c. Sic.
Next "Reek— Grand Production "THE TWO
fTJ'IlAXS."
RACING I RACING ! RACING !
! 90ft- WINTER MEETING— 190L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. SI TO JAN. IS. INCLUSIVK.
OAKLAND UACETRACK.
naclns Monday. Tuesday. Wedne«day. Thurs-
cay. Friday and Saturday. Rain or chine.
Five or more races eacb day.
Kaces etart at 2:15 p. tn. sharp.
Ferry-boata Jeave San Francisco et J2 m. and
ll:Z0. I. 1:30. 2. 2:39 and J p. m.. connecting
»Uh trains Etopplnr at the entrance to the
v*ick. Lest two cars on train reserved for
¦tttca and their escorts; no smolcins. Buy your
Jt-rry tickets to Shell Mound. Atl trains vta
< i :..'A mole connect with San Pablo s.venu«
*¦> Ir-rrlc cars nt fit venth and Broadsray, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alanteda mole con-
rj«-ct lrith Fan Pablo avenue cam at- Fourteenth
tr.d Rroad*-ay. Oakland. These electric cars
so direct to the track ln fifteen minutes.
Returning— Tralne leave the track at 4:15 and
<:C p. tn. and immediately after the Last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. JR.. President.
R. P. MILROY. Secretary^
II S C H FR»<s CONCERT HOUSE.
'^ro. Bernard and Oro. Marie D. Wood, Sid
# . Baxter, Mile. Atlantis, Rousetl Brothers, Nell
Montgomery and Antonio and Concbita Mar-
Unez. ;
**«*rved Eea.ts 2Sc Uatlnee BubOmx.
An attorney and public speaker, who
had been a catarrh sufferer for years,
says: #
"Every fall I would catch a cold, which
would settle in my head and throat and
hang on all winter long, and every winter
It seemed to get a little worse. I waa con-
tinually clearing my throat and my voice
became affected to such an extent as to
Interfere with my public speaking.
"I tried troches and cheap cough cures
and sometimes got relief, but only for a
short time, until this winter, when I
learned of the new catarrh cure, Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets*, through a newspaper ad-
vertisement. Two fifty-cent boxes which
I bought at my druggist's cleared my head
and throat In fine shape, and to guard
against a return of my old trouble I keep
a box of the tablets on hand, and when-
ever I catch a little cold I take a tablet
or two and ward off any serious develop-
ments."
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets deserve to head
the list as a household remedy to checx
and break up coughs and colds, because
unlike many other catarrh and cough
cures, these tablets contain no opiate,
cocaine or any injurious drug.
Dr. Mclverriey advises catarrh sufferers
to use a new preparation, sold by drug-
gists, called Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, be-
cause actual analysis has shown these
tablets to contain certain antiseptic Qual-
ities of the highest value, and being an
internal remedy, pleasant to the taste,
convenient and harmless, can be used as
freely as required, as well for children ai
for adulta.
Catarrh is undoubtedly a blood disease
and can only be successfully eradicated
by an internal treatment. Sprays, washes
and powders are useless as far as reach-
ing the real seat of the disease is coa-
cerned.
Catarrh of the throat and bronchial
tubes as well as catarrh of the stomach
and liver are almost as common as nasal
catarrh and generally more difficult to
cure.
Catarrh Is at home anywhere and every-
\rhere. While more common ln cold,
changeable climates. It la by no means
confined to them, but Is prevalent ln every
State and Territory ln the Union.
The common definition of catarrh Is a
chronic cold in the head, which It long:
neglected often destroys the sense of smell
and hearing; but there are many other
forms of the disease, even more obstinate
and dangerous.
Catarrh Is Found Everywhere.
WOT DUE TO CLIMATL
AMUSEMENTS.
fL fHEATRE r A> j
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
PROFESSIONAL MATINEE TQ-DAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS!
IN THE ADVENTURES OF
NELL GWYNNE
MATINEE SATURDAY.
j SEATS OX PALE SIX DATS IX ADVANCE.
I Next-SWBBT^LAVBNDER
. : i
AIJ. El!inphou5^ Proprietor and Mana;o-
Phon^ South 770.
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Special Enga«pment of
RICHARD GOLDEN
And H:b Own Excellent Company.
la th« BEPT OF ALL DOWN EAST PLATS
OLD JED PROUTY.
THE SWEETEST STORY EVER TOLD
SPECIAL PRICES:
Eveninr— 2rc. Se. W-c. 75c and $L
Matir.»e — 2T.o, 3Sc ard f.0c.
Next Sunday Afteraoon — Th» N»-w Vork Man-
hattan Theater Su"r»ss, "A ST* 1 . \NOER IV A
STRANGE LAND." th. FMsnlett Farce Ever
! Written. Fim Time in Th!? City
| I'SUAL POPt'LAR PRICES.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
William Crane's Greatest Triumph
"A VSRGINIA
COURTSHIP."
"A Truly D«»!lphtful Performance "
Monday— "THE ROGUE'S COMEDT "
First tinrs in this cltv
PRICES-lOc. 15c. 25c 'COc,
A J >W 1 "- 1 R^s ln Orchestra. 75c
Good Reserved Seat in Orchestra at All Matl-
"¦ nees. 25c.
Branch Ticket Offlce— Emporium.
OLTTMPIA pelrtii
The Oc!y Free VaudeMlIe House In the City.
REAPPEARANCE OF
0UHAMA,
The Famous Juceler
MABEL HUDSON,
The California Nightingale.
ANITA LA MONT,
Cannot Be Described. Must Be Seen
THE DULCiE SISTERS
Anfl OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY
ADMISSION FREE.
CHUTESjvnd ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
TO-NIGHT I TO-NIGHT!
....THE AMATEURS....
in
SPECIALTIES
AND
A BLACK BALLET.
TELEPHONE FOR BEATS. PARK 2S.
nil ipr These hotels pos-
i /\l AUt scss 4^ e attr » butes
j that tourists and
Qnn travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location,
RRAWn Hbcral man age-
UrinilU ment, modern ap-
nftTN ft pointments and |
7 Amencan and Ea-
S2n FranClSCO. ropean plans.
» . — ;
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS I ;
Proven territory, on lln« of railroad, for
sale. Eplendld chance for those about to
form an oil company. NEWTON. CAR- '
MEN & SOMES (S. C. MASON, agent).
101 Chronicle bids.. Ban Francisco.
Weekly Call, $1; per Year ;
ADVESTISEMENTS.
j CONTINUES.
; MORE BARGAINS AND BIGGER BARGAINS §@M§^'M \ • M
2j FUR CAPE?* AND COLLARETTES- V^l J V I il Hi
pS 116 OS COMBINATION FVIt COLLARETTESi - .. iffl flll Wl
M ?13 0ft CHINA REAL Fl'R CAPES, 1? inches U*m\ l\\\\\ Sa
¦ft .1»-t. now $1«M>O Li]S|J / \\\\u fegS
g K3 (0 ICCAD BBAIa KJ'H .TA«'KfrTS. plain. \V3 I I \\\\\\\ "a 5 !*
AUTO BOX JACKETS. 'I I r\\\\ M
i $15 fO PLAID BACK COVKRT CLOTH JACK- 31 W'k lV\W *9
3? ri7 oc kifusEYcLorii " jackets." Vatia VinAi. // /(ji^^i'^vv *§i
¦ '-- - v . cLoiiV jackets, eatin "l'mM. // IJ 1 T\yv i S
m cow $i«->o /./ j'i| \\ V6s
* THIS SEASON'S JACKET**- / I /ffjl I \ \3i
3 J10 00 TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKET?, s!!k / / //I U \ X '
s line.:, now S5.<H> Rv, III H Vk V. •.
LOKC AUTOMOBILES III \\ te==^
-A j: k length kersey auto coats /// i':^<*£»f&
?? r.avr •sl's.on a?
i^j 535 CO L.CXG AUTO COATS, satin I:n«?d. aow..$2--^iO - ?Sj
& CLOTH WAIST*. \M
rt tl :*. tl T5. $5 00 ALL-WOOL CLOTH WAISTS. l§|
black and all colors. now....#l.OO. 91.25. 9t.5O sB|
RAinY'DAT SKIRTS. TAILOR-MADE D3ESSES. Ct^
% %; ro plaid back cuyrn skirts m oo blouse dresses. %a
<all wooli now S5.OO ! now 311!^>O gw
T- 5" SKIRTS, with ycke arJ I>^k!e. ; $30 00 VELVET TRIMMED DRKSSES. S»|
K OOU3CTHT ORDERS CAKEFXJIjLT PILLED. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED. Wfa
I ?/cl if V & F ICHEC Chak ai1 Snit H °^. m
\ liCLLl a LIEDEJ 120 Kearny St. BNeiv York Stock Market,
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
S W Scott & w. N Y J H Batcher. Paeio
P Mulvaney. Tomales 'A J Larson. Lodl
G N Merrttt Woodland J G McMHlan. Sn J^»»
G W Furniss Boston Mrs 3 A TXtrphr. O\
Mr & Mrs Carter. AU3 Miss M F Durphv. Cal
C G White, Cal B "art. Hake.-sneM
W T Catt Saeto : Mn CUrke. San Mateo
M H Miller Sacto • 11 B Xluir. Ukiah
C J Ellis, Ukiah ! J Flanagan. Mendwtno
W Murray. Plea?anton Mrs O Messor, Cal
H Smith Tacoma ! A Gcnickie. Tomales
J W Wilson. NY !L McEvoy. St L>u.s
C M Finch. St Louis I H V Lucas. Chicago
Mrs A M Smith. Minn P H Gavin. Newark
Miss C Elberg. Minn i P R Watts. Sumo
C R Buntins. Victoria G W Johnson. Wis
B C Nicholas. Victoria! C Dod^e, Davi*
C Jacobson. Redding j Miss M Fritta. Cal
Miss Jacobson. Rtcidng^Mlss O Frltts, <"al
M N Nanser, PomeroyjA Friand. 3an Jose
L. A Spltser. San Jose T D Petch. Eureka
O W Hazard. Iowa 'R M Green. Oroville
C A Manuel, Los Ang E 31 Ttlrten, Wiodland
F J Kerridge. Sonoma W W Prince, facto
H M Grau. Sacto D K Nash. San Jos«
J Cronln & fm. S Dleg F Houghton. Coxnln?
H C B Gill. Fresno |a McDernott & w. B C
J Luther, San Jose C Ehlers, Iowa
A P Hajme. Manila L McCoy. Red Bluff
J Ames, Cal J Moran. Cornins
M F Johnson, Denver P Mclntyre & w. Mich
PALACE HOTEI
C R Collins. Seattle |K Triest. Los Angeles
H L. Smith. Vollejo C E Green, San Mateo
W E Amaya. Alameda Mrs Green. San Mateo
E E Taylor. B C A Easton. San Mateo
W H Armstrong. B C Mrs Easton. S Mateo
Mrs Armstrong. B C D Drysdale. S Mateo
Misa Wotidrow. DC F Splllacy. BakersfleUl
A Ewen. B C J A Migel. New York
Miss Kwen. B C P Van Bremen. N Y
E D naker. Yreka Mrs \ an Bremen. N Y
W E Mitchell. StnnfrdjMiss Van Bremen. NY
J Leszynsky. N Y **>•£ Woodhams, Cal
W B Cloete. England ; M Haralamb. P.urlirm >
F L P^.ker. L Angeles H Barsman. Rt Lould
J W Hunt. L Angeles jW C Tab»r. Ohio
Mrs Hunt. L Angeles jA W Kelly. Berkeley
E F Wlltsee. Denver jC II Folsom. N Y
I> W Klrkland. I-a |S D Rosenbnum. Stka
H L. Fltxoatrick. N \.II J Small. Sacto
J A «Iy«rs. NY 'H II Martin. Ohio
J P Mains. USA |J Underwood, Ohgo
A B Ford. San Mateo A H Sellers. Chco
Mr« Ford. .San Mateo I Mrs Sellers, Charo
F E Brocb. Portland I A II Waldack. USA
NEW WESTERN* HOTEL.
W J Cribtes, Minn [R D Chubbs, Ky
T Jackjman t. w. Utah R D I'elkey. Biw^ton
F Bachasson. R Vista} T J O'Erien. Colo
J Irwin. Modesto iC I> Ely. Madera
O Fray. Loulsvllla M II Wallls, Bertelpy
P Dewaide. Nebr F Montano. S Jos#
F Madrcne. S Jose iMlss Smith. Seattle
C A Robjoy. Ky I A Short. Denver
R J Wilson. Manila O B Barkley. Wash
J £ Cook. KY
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO. Jan. 9.— The Board of Trade ex
perienced another whlpsaw market to-day.
Trade was largely professional and the pit
feeling nervous. May opened %©Hc to *jc
lewer on disappointing Liverpool cables. North
west receipts were moderate and on covering
by shorts t..e market rallied early to 7S s 4c
{ After this action a decline followed and the
I market for a period fluctuated narrowly, with
I the tone steady. Later the liberal aggregate
j of primary receipts, 664, 0C0 bushels, against
630,000 last year, combined with the falling off
ir. outside support, caused ' a break from 73%C
to 77 l £c, and the close was weak, %fi%c lower,
at 77}; c
Corn was fairly active and strong. Unset
tled weather was a factor in the strength.
There was a good commission house demand
und fair covering during the afternoon by
shorts. May clfsed >»»c higher at 38%@38%c
Oats were quiet under the Influence of other
grains. Tlie close was rather easy. May closed
a shade lower at 25%@25Hc.
Provisions were moderately active and strong.
The market opened higher In sympathy with
higher prices at the yards, despite heavy hog
receipts, and advanced on a general good de
mand, closing with most of ' the gain held.
May pork closed 15c higher, lard 12^c up and
ribs 12%c up.
The leading futures ranged aa follows :
Articles— Open. High. Low. Cloee.
Wheat No. 2—
January 75 75% 744 74H
February 75"4 76% 75% 75%
May 7SH 78% 77Vi 77*4
Corn No. 2—
Janu-uy 86% 37 36% 36^
February 87% 87% 3714 3"U
May SSV4 2»V4 3SH 3S?i
Oats No. 2—
January 23% 23H 23% 2S&
Mess pork, per barrel—
January 14 75 15 00 14 76 15 00
May • 14 10 113214 14 05 14 20
Lard, per 100 pounds —
IJanuary 7 22V« 7 37H 7 22% 7 37%
May 7 37% "7 CO 7 S5 7 60'
Short ribs, per 1C0 pounds—
January 6 &7% 7 10 6 97% 7 10
May 7 12% "25 7 10 7 20
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
Fteady; No. 3 spring wheat, 67{j'74c: No. 2 red,
761i7Sc; No. 2 corn, 37%c; No. 2 yellow, 37%c:
No. 2 oats. 2414c: No. 2 white, 27<g27«ic: No. 3
whlt«, 2e^<ff27%c; No. 2 rye, 53%@&4c; fair to
choice malting barley. 5S@62c; No. 1 flaxseed
H B»; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 61; prime timothy
seed, S4 7n; mess pork, per barrel, $14 754flo
lard, per 100 poundc, $7 25!ffi7 32'.£; short ribs
Bides (loose), JS 90#7 25; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). CU®6^c; short clear sides (boxed)
$7 27%'57 EO; whisky, basis of high wines, Jl 27.
clover, contract crude, $10 75.
Articles— rteceipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 113.000 55.000
1 Wheat, bushels 215.CC0 25.000
Coin, bushels 468.000 ¦ 127,0<;0
Oats, bushels K5.3W 30.2M)
Rye, bushels 6,000 3,000
Barley, bushels ..102,000. - 29.001'
Ob Um Produce Exchange to-day the butter
Chicago Grain Market.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
4J; minimum, 41; mean, 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
The pressure has risen rapidly on the Pa
cific elope. An area cf high pressure appears
to be pushing southward along the coaet and
will probably c&ure very cold weather Thurs
day mom'.r.p, and killing frosts generally
throughout California. Orange growers were
warned Wednesday nf the likelihood of dan
cer to citrus fruits Thursday morning and the
need of vigorous Emudging.
Ccld weather prevails over nearly all of th«
country west of the Mississippi, except along
the Mexican line. Eastbound travelers are
varnefl to expect temperaturea 10 degrees or
more bclc-w the freezing point, except along
the southern routes.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending ir.idnlffht January 10:
Northern California— Fair Thursday, con
tinued cold weather; light northerly winds;
killing frosts Thursday rflomir.g.
Southern California— Fair Thursday: light
northerly winds; continued cold weather;
heavy to killing frosts Thursday morning; cit
rus fruits Fhould be protected.
Nevada— Fair Thursday; continued cold
weather.
Utah— Light erirw Thursday; colder.
Arizona— Fair Thursday; colder; heavy or
killing froFts Thursday morning.
San Francisco end rlclnlty— Fair Thursday;
continued cold weather: heavy frosts Thursday
morning; light northerly changing to eouth
easterlj- winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
NEW YORK. Jan. S.-FLOUR-Receipts. 21.
411 barrels: exports. 37.SSG barrels; dull and
weaker, but not quotnbly lower.
WHEAT— Receipts. 64.300 bushels; exports,
79S8 bushels; s=pot market weak; No. 2 red,
S2 l »c f. o. b. ailoat: No 2 red. SOVic elevator;
No. 1 Northern Dulutb, S2'.»c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard I>uluth, 91^,= f- o. b. afloat. Options
had an opening decline under foreign selling
and disappointing cables, after which they re
covered on bullish Argentine crop news, a
scarcity of shorts an-1 the strength of pro
visions. Throughout the afternoon Irregular
conditions rrevaUed, j rices finally yielding to
liquidation, rksing vuak at Vfrie net loss;
January closed at SO'ie; March. Sl"ii^82»ic
closed at Sl^c; May. VCHSS3 5-16C closed at
82%c
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Quiet. ,
HIDES-Ptrady.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; refined, steady.
COFFEE— Steady: Ho. T invoice. 7^,0; mild,
market dull: Cordova, futures closed
steady, with prices IMi la points lower; total
fialef, 2<5,CiXi bags. Including January. $3 65; Feb
ruary, $j 70: Match, V> >¦<); ilay, $i $3; August,
Jfi o.*>; September, $•",•!<"> 0&; October, $6 03; L)e
cfnibr, $'j ]f).
IirTTER— Receipts. C30C packages; quiet and
steady; June creamery, 16'521'^c; factory. 11®
14c; State creamery. lCf*24c.
IXOS- Receipts. M14 imcknges; uteady: West
ern, average i>acked ai mark. 20O23e; Western,
loss off, 24c.
DRIED TRUITS.
Demand for prime evaporated applea was
urgent and holders wore asking higher rates,
with rates hie above 'ast night's prices. State
common. 2\<{ii^c; prime, Sft.'iHc; choice, 5Vs@
6c; fancy, 6<57c. California dried fruits quiet,
but steady.
I PRUNES — 3U@S%c per pound, as to size and
: quality.
j APRICOTS— Royal. 9f/12c; Moorpark, 10^15c.
i PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 6Vs^l0c.
Nciv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— General conditions In
the metal market were without Important
; change. Following a decline in tin of about
! £2 at London to £118 17s 6d, owing to a lack
! cf buying orders, the local situation eased and
1 ruled weak during the rest of the session and
1 finally closed easy at $2S 62Vi against J26 50.
the figure current at yesterday's close, with
1 selling at that basis. Copper ruled dull and
I teatureless all day, closing at $17 for lake and
I SIC 62Vi for casting. Lead and spelter continue
I to rule dull and were quoted at S4 37V4 and
$4 10i?4 15 respectively. English iron markets
I developed an easier undertone and closed at
i t£s lOd at Glasgow ana 4&s 4 l ,id at Mlddlesboro,
j with domestic Iron markets fiat and without
change, quoted at J9 EO45IO £0 for pig iron war-
I rants; Northern foundry, J15®16 60; Southern
foundry. $14 S0@13 75.
Nezv York Grain and, Produce.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS
Sterling Cables — ¦* S3
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17Ji
Fine Silver, perounce — 62'»
Mexican Dollars, nominal 5OV4 @ ol
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool was weak, Paris lower
and New York lc off.
Chicago was firm in the face of lower cables,
and there was no selling, either by locals or
the XorlhwrtL On the contrary. large hold
ers Increased their lines nnd Counselman &
Day were again buying, probably for Wall
street, and presumably for Keene. The scalp
ers were short. At every break there was
good buying, and the market was nervous.
Snow cabled that the Argentine harvest re
turns were disappointing, the entire Rio crop
being almost worthless. Bradstreet's estimat
ed an Increase of 543.C0O bushels east of the
Rockies and a decrease of 8CC.000 in Europe
and afloat, making a total decrease of 255.000
bushele.
T!»e local market wan dull, with weak futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, II ; milling. Jl VJVii*
1 Oi per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sryslon— ?:15 o'clock— No sales.
S-cond Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 6000 ctls,
$1 r..V-, 4 ; 41'fO, SI Of»a*.
Afternoon SpssIi.hi— May— 600" ctls. II OiAi.
BARLEY— The market continued quiet and
unchanged.
Feed, 76>>ic for choice bright. 75c for No. 1
and 70*TT2V-c for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping trades. SO<?S?>o; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL nOARD SALES.
Informal Srssinn— 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular M< rnlng Session— No eales.
Afternoon Bctslon-rNo sales.
OATS— There is nothing new to report.
\\ hito $1 30^1 50; Surprise, nominal; Red.
SI V.0%1 40 for Feed and Jl 3501 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal; Plack for Feed. Jl 15®1 20; for
Se«d. Jl 25*il 30 per ctl.
CORN— Yellow. $1 l!>i<ai 15; White. U 10<tf
1 15: Eastern mixed, Jl 12' /3 per ctl.
RYE— 8oSE7%c per ctl.
BUCKWiili.vT— Quote.l at SI 75®2 per ctl.
Flour and MillstufFs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. %Z 2a<3
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. 13 15®3 25;
Oregon, $2 75@2 S5 per barrel for family and
}*> 75@3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', 5- 75
Q3.
11 1LLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usval discount to the trade: Graham
Flcur, {3 per 100 lbe; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. J2 CO; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 ',j;
extra cream do, 53 5C; Oat Greats, $4 50;»Hom
tny, $3 50ift3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4<S4 23;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $1 60; Whole
Wheat Flour. J3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6<tf
7 25; in sacks. 15 75<87; Pearl Barley. J5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Pear. $3 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Fecdstuifs.
A eltght advance In Bran Is noted. The
northern markets are very firm and shipments
are light. There Is nothing new in Hay.
BRAN— J14 60(^15 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50019 50 per ton.
FKEDSTUFKS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal nt the mill, $2T.<S2G: Jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, J17&18: Corn Meal, iZHJp
26 50; Cracked Corn. 526 50@27; Mixed Feed,
J15fl6.
HAY— Volunteer. $5^8: Wheat. $11@13 50;
Wheat and Oat. $10@12 60; Oat, *9®12; Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $6@9 50; Barley. S7 50®3 60
per ton.
STRAW— 3G@47*4c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There was no further change In anything
yesterday. Beans continued firm.
liEANS— Bayos, J2 50'#2 70; Small White
J4 B094 65; i.arre White. $3 65@3 SO; Pink, |2 20
<Q2 25; Red, U 75@3; Blackeye, $3; Llmae, $5 50
<15 l£; Pea. J4 2L'ij.4 50; Ked Kidney, ti 754*4 per
ctl. *
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 6003; Canary.
SVifaS^ic for Eastern: Alfalfa. 7!£@9>4c: Rape.
»<MHc: Herap/3Hff!^c; Timothy, 6%c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, 1232 50; Green, $2 70
@3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and ' Vegetables.
Poultry and Game.
Southern Vegetables advanced under lighter
receipts. Potatoes and Onlona showed no fur
ther change of note.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 65®S3c; River Reds
7o@?0e; Burbanks, 404255c for River and 8Ccw
II 15 per ell foP Salinas and 754i93c for Oregon
Sweets, . 40®E0c for Rivers and 75@00c for Mer
ced. • -
ONIONS— Jl S5<52 15 per ctl; Cut Onions $10
1 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peae. B@10c per lb-
String Beana. 12Vi@16c: Cabbage. 90c; Toma
toes. Los Angeles, Jl SofgS 25 per crate; Egjr
Plant. Iyjs Angeles, 10®15c per lb; Green Pep
pers, Ix>s Angeles. 6<5«c per lb for Chile and
8V10e for Bell: l>rled Peppers. 9^lc; Dried
Okra, 10<815c per lb; Carrots. 3Z@33c per box-
Hothouse Cucumbers. *1 25@l 60 per dozen :
Summer Squash, |1 50Q2 per box; Garlic 4fi5o
per lb; Marrowfat Squash. J1O015 per ton-
Mushrooms. 5#15c per lb. . "
Poultry continues very firm and some large
Hens have sold up to J7. Any small and thin
*??5 rlnK ?46 °; Young stock continues
S ulckl " S ar ° u Kht receipt and sell
Game In firmer Rnd the cold weather is In Its
favor. Recelots were 100 aks
I'OULTRY-Live Turkeys, I2gl3c for Gob
bjfrs and -12® 14c .for Hens: Dressed Turkeys
U<Ti\Hc; Geesr. per pair, $175172: Goslings $175
fiS: Ducks. $4 CftgS for old ami $ftff7 for young-
Hens. $4 MX<?6 60;- ' Young Roostprs. $SO7- Old
Roosters. t4 50<ff; SO;- Fryer*,- J6; Rroilers $5©
0 d0 for large and $4@5 for small; Pigeons. $1®
1 25 per dozen for old and $2®2 50 for Squabs
GAME— Quail. II 50©l 75 for Valley and $2*23
of the advance and persistent profit taking wai> !
so evident that tbe bears attacked tlie niantet !
again iate in the day and lorced declines run- i
ciof up to lroiu 2 to Z points ia bcveral cases, {
but there were good rallies on covering by !
shorts. Uhe grangers w«rie i-ather less disposed :
to rally Dian the general list and tlie Cuaien '
were affected by piotit-LaJtinK throughout. The ,
lnsletence on the pan of prominent financiers .
whose names havv; been associated with the !
reported St. Paul deal that they nad no know!- j
edge of any suoti irant-a^tion lirui a. sorucwhat
depressing effect on tr.e grainjera ami -Sorlh- j
westerns, except tor a late spurt in Gre^t
Northern preferred of 4**. The dealings wen? •
again un a Vtxt lai-ge acile. out uid not a.p- )
proach Monday's record. I
Tiiere wa u very active demand for bonds of i
6outhern railroads and the whole list showed j
strength. Ihe gains were not in all cases fully ;
maintained. Total sales, j4.7S5.uot>. United :
States refunding twos uivanji-j l .» on the lost '.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing ,
bold. Stocks— Bid.
I6.IO0 Atchiton A a'/k ;
4.itK) Atchi&on prefd HJ >
31,6yo Baiiimore & Ohio si'/j
Canadian Pacific 'jz |
4;900 Canada Southern C74 !
400 Chesapeake &. Ohio 4lH» !
1.6M Chicago Great Western 16*» ¦
26.500 Chicago Burlington <fc Quincy 144^» ¦
I i,20>J Chicago Indianapolis & Louis' 26Va |
I COO Chicago Indianapolis &. Louis pfd. 61(j 1
400 Chicago &. Eastern Illinois *5 !
1.0VJ Chicago Ac Northwestern 17i I
2«.40u Chicago Rock Island 4t Pacific 126>^ '
2,140 C C C & tit Loui3 7oi a i
3.1'JO Colorado Soutnern g i
800 Colorauo Southern 1st prefd 4..
400 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16% '
IS.oOU IJeiauare & Hudson 14ti a 4 :
3.100 Pelaware Lackawanna it Western. 1L)S' S ,
1.2J0 Denver & Kio Grande ai»g ;
3.CU0 Denver & Rig Grande pre'd bi:»
SO.DoO Erie :»j^ ;
2*,ln*) Erie 1st prefd fco?* .
3,ac»0 Great Northern prefd iy;\ '
COO Hcckir.g Coa.1 15U :
2.700 HocKirg Valley 44 •
U.'JM Illinois Central 132'i !
1,-X' lu f .u Central -i : t 1
300 Iowa Central prefd 5">
1,200 Lake Erie & Western 42 '*
Lake Krie & Western prefd 112 !
Lake Shore 230 I
61.900 Louiuvilie & Nashville .• &'>'i i
63,100 Manhattan L 116',;
12,000 Metropolitan Street Railway lteia ;
1.700 Mexican Central 151* ¦
600 Minneapolis & St Louis cs^
200 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 1>)Z i
12,900 Missouri Pacific s;u '
SM Mobile & Ohio 4SV, '
7.2C0 Missouri Kansas &. Texas 17 j
10.3ij0 MlF&ouri Kansas A Texas prefd 4S
41.SO0 New Jersey Central U3 '
2,1'W New York Central ur.t: '
21,400 Norfolk &. Western* 4^: 3 :
4.10J Norfolk & Western prefd S2 '
Northern Pacific M'4 i
23.0<X> North»Vn I'at-ifie »»refd i,:'! !
7>X» Ontario & Western 32& j
S4.4CK) Oirgon Railway &. Navigation 42 .
Oregon Railway &. Navigation pfd. 76 '
1S.200 Pennsylvania 150%
1S,4«O Heading 331- ¦
H.200 Reading 1st prefd 724 i
9,200 Reading 2d prefd u£
lUo Grande Western 65 !
Rio Grande prefd 92 !
2.200 St Louis & San Francisco 23vg I
100 St Li & San Francisco 1st prefd 80 v, l
1,500 St L & San Francisco 2d prefd.... W- t
15,&:>0 St Louis Southwestern 31
22,500 St Louis Southwestern prefdl 49>^
40,400 St Paul I57»i
2.200 St Paul prefd 18.1
2.000 St Paul & Omaha 125
40.300 Southern Pacific 42'i
17.W0 Southern Railway 21"^
13.SO0 Southern Railway prefd 72
72,600 Texas & Pacific 2S>6
175,500 Union Pacific S3»i
ra.CY) Union Pacific prefd 83T»
8.000 Wabash 13
63.004 Wabash prefd 2SV4
1,200 Wheeling & Lake Erie I2ifc
2.100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 23
600 Wisconsin Central 15
2,S r 'O Third Avenue 125
2,100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd se\
22.100 National Tube Co 61^
S.600 National Tube Co prefd 100 "
Express Companies —
Adams 145
American «•• 175
100 United States 5$^
Wells-Fan?o 133
Miscellaneous —
700 American Cotton Oil 3014
870 American Cotton Oil prefd SO
200 American Malting 4%
American Malting prefd 26
9.C00 American Smelting & Refng 57%
700 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 96
I American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop 30'4,
COO American Pteel Hoop prefd 78
11,250 American Steel & Wire -42^
SOO American Pteel & Wire prefd 87\
lO.S^O American Tin Plate 60»4
100 American Tin Plate prefd 90
26.S00 American Tobacco 113"i
2,200 American Tobacco prefd 138
69.400 Anaconda Mining Co 47
3.2CO Brooklyn Rapid Transit 84%
20.1C0 Colorado Fuel & Iron , 1.2^
3.000 Continental Tobacco 42Vi
2S,9<y) Continental Tobacco prefd P3H
600 Federal Steel sr.sj
100 Federal Steel prefd 75*4
100 General Electric 185
Glucose Sugar 4a
6W Glucose Sugar prefd 95
7C0 Internatlonal^Paper 28i£
-International Paper prefd 72V4
I^clede Gas : 72
200 National Biscuit 40
100 National Biscuit prefd 53
400 National Lead ". is?,
200 Natlcnal Lead prefd 90
2,2n« National Steel 41
600 National Steel prefd 82
200 New York Air Brake US
1,200 North American ' 1914
200 Pacific Coast ....._. 60
Pacific Coart 1st prefd '. 92
200 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 65
600 Pacific Mall 41
70.2&O People's Gas Ui\i,
300 Pressed Steel Car tz%
300 Pressed Steel Car prefd S7i£
Pullman Palace Car iss
Standard Rope & Twine 6
S1.200 Sugar 137>i
..^ Sugar prefd us
7.209 Tennessee Coal & Iron KH
J.900 United States Leather 1314
fOO United States Leather prefd 7CH
9,000 United States Rubber 20'i
4.200 tJnited States Rubber prefd 65
26.600 Western Union •. 8414
3.KJ0 Amalgamated Copper B2
2.E0O Republic Iron A Steel Co lRtfc
COO Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 63
P C C & St Louis 63
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref t*k 105U N J C cen Ss 128
IX) coupon 105'i N Paciflc 3s 71\£
U S 2s reg lOS'i Do 4» 104114
Do coupon lit) N Y C & St L 4*..Kk
Do new 4s reg. ..137*4 N & W con 4s 100
Do new 4s coup..l37',i Or Nav lsts HCVi
Do old 4s reg. ...114 Do 4s J03
Do old 4* coup. ..114 Or Short Line 6s. .123
Do Es reg. 112 Do con Cs 116
Do 6s coupon 11* Readlni? gen 4b 94'i
Dist of Col 3.6SS...125 ROW lsts 9S»i
Atchison gen 4s.... RS'/i St L A I M con 6s.ll4«*
Canada So 2ds llC^i St LfeSP gen 6s. 127%
Ches & O 4H» 1MV4 St Paul cons 18C
Do 5* 121% Kt P €1 & P lats...;ilS
Chi & N mn 7s 12S*i Do Es U!(*i
Do S F rteb 5s. ...123 JS Pacific 4s 84»i
Chicago Term 4s... 1214, S Railway 6k 112'i
Colorado So 4s S4'4; Stand RAT 6s.... 72
D & R G 4* lOCfcjTex & Pac lsts li5«,i
JDrie gen 4s 8SW, Do 2ds 9S
F W A D C lsts... 7S4tU Pacittc 4s !..10i»i
Ofn Elec Bs U>5 lAVabenh lsts ugu
Iowa Cent lsts US J Do 2ds u»
Movements of Qukksilvcr.
Receipt! cf quicksilver at this port In 1800
were 2LC40 flasks, asainst I4.CC0 In 1S39. The
exports were T300 r.ask>. valued at $341,500.
¦Lgaizift 1C.C75 KasKs at M01.100 in 1£99.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy.
Receipts cf wine and brandy at this port
during the year 1300 were as follows, compared
with the yr-ar 1SCS: Of wine. 14.o37.550 gallons.
t^uinfi UXSejESt: of brandy. ZZ.TW Ballons.
accost 4ii.S00.
The Gold Supply.
The New Tcrk circular of Henry Clew« says:
•The past yeax'e changes In conditions aCfect
izLg the mosey n-.arket may prove to have an
tmpDrtast bear.r.s on speculative operations.
;•.».. faoi not generally appreciated that the
stock of money in the United States has In
creased, la roi^.d figures. J1SO.COO.000 within
the last twelve taostba, Included in this gain
is $110,400,000 cf gold; rf which $33,6i.<i.0u0 has
tcr.s into the treasury and S76.800.tyO0 into gen
eral circulation. The (huge in the fcasis of
the note Issues o' the national banks has
caused an txpansicn la that form of currency
from t:'<6.:c«'.COO on January t 1900. to t^.IOQ.-
O«0 on the 1st of December last— «.r. increase of
SS6.000,C«>J — so that the t>e.nk circulation 1b now
or.!y I3l,CK.» .000 below th« highest volume ever
reached. It is also a lact to be kept In view
that a strong effort is likely to be n-ide in
the new Congress to ailoid Increased elasticity
to this form of money. On the other hand th«
low Blocks of irold in the European banks may
have a tendency to draw the yellow metal from
its unprecedented hoards on this eide the At
lantic and to iorce the return of our securities
from London an2 Germany. Russia has k>st
575.U00.OO0 of gold sin--? last pprir.g. and the
condition of her £r.anc<?» tuggests a probability
of Btill further losses. The reserves ia the
Bcr.k of England and the Reichebank are also
exceptionally low. It is some ofTsct. however,
a»rai-.ft these aspects of the European bank
ing ettua-tliu that the Bank of France has in
ci-f-aseri us stock of ffOlfl ;»a,000.C>00 wlthia the
past >ear."
Wccther Report.
«2t-th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. &— 5 p. in.
The Joliowise are the eeasonai rainfalls to
date, as corr-iifcred with those of same date
last season, azui rainfall la last twenty-four
hours:
Burlington ' 13 I 25
Caribou — «O
Four Oil Co ;5 53
Hanford — 122 00
Hanford- Fresno-Kern Ulver ... — 43
Home Oil 390 4 CO
Koncstake — 10 DO
Independence 21 22
Kern Oil Co 10 30 11 CO
Kern River — i« 73
Lion Oil Co w 21
Los Ang?!es OAT Co 3 12', —
McKittrick Consolidated 2(5 —
Monarch of Arize:. a 79 —
Thirty-Three Oil Co - 13 ST'i
Monte Cristo j — I C'.
Occidental of W Va | — M
Oil City Petroleum \ — 54 3">
Petroleum Center j 27 2S
Producers' & Consumers' f — 12 0<»
Reed Crude Oil Co 72 7.5
San Joaquin O & D Co 12 50 —
Sterling O & Z> Co ! 3 23 S 40
Twenty-Eight -30 2 40
West lake 23 21
Wt>st£hore 4 CO —
Yukon — 55
Peerless 8 CO —
Wolverine 1 »0 185
MINING STOCKS
Following 1 were- the *ales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornir; Session.
700 Andes 13) 200 Justice 10
MuO Balcher 14 ! 7'* Mexican 5*
600 Btst & Belcher 43l 300 Mexican 55
50O Best & Belcher 42 IQCO Ophlr 113
2-i0 Bullion t3 100 Overman 17
2(X> Caledonia 98 j 1100 Overman 16
C00 Caledonia 99; 2<X> Potosi 22
100 Caledonia 1 W'iiooo Savage "2
30O Challenge 221 500 Sierra Nevada. U
4C0 Chollar 22; 600 Sierra Nevada. l>>
600 Chollar 23 1 400 Silver Hill 30
1600 Con Cal & Va.2 «0| 200 Unicn Con 33
100 Confidence "0. I'M) Union Con 34
1» Crown Point... 13 2T0 Utah 09
100 Gould & Curry. 741 300 Yellow Jacket.. 22
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha W 2C0 Mexican 4*
600 Belcher 12 10O OccidentaJ 07
60O Best & Belcher 33 60O Occidental 0«
1200 Beat & Belcher 35: 400 Ophlr 9?
200 Caledonia 1210JO Ophlr 97
4C0 Caledonia 91 j 400 Overman 15
150 Caledonia 90! 80O Potosl 20
20O Challenge 20 1 100 Savage *>
10O Chollar 21 1 ED Pavajra tl
J000 Con Cal & Va.2 63' M Savage 13
130 Con Cal & Va.2 50 j 10rt Sierra Nevada. 37
SCO Crown Point... \Z 13CO Sierra Nevada. 3*
' lOrt Gould & Curry- 60 10O Silver Hill,...*. o'>
j VX> Gould & Curry. 53 5Co Union Con 32
600 Hale- & Norcrs. 25; "0 Union Con 31
4C0 Mexican 45 2M Utah CS
' Following were tha sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morninr Session.
lOOO Alpha 03| 200 Justlcs 10
SCO Alta f7 40O Mexican o*
300 Andes 14 200 Mexican ....... 43
2CO Belcher 13! ISO Mexican ....... .".4
2<:0 Best & Belcher 43 S'fl Mexican JO
CO Best & Belcher 41 j 3d) Mexican 51
6TQ Beat & Belcher 1^' SOO ophir 1 IT>
4i-0 Best & Belcher 39 ZM Ophir 1 liH
iCi> Best & Belcher 37i 3T,r, Ophlr 1 10
, fr'O Best & Belcher 36 i 7>.*) <">ph!r 1 Oo
7'0 Best & Belcher 3-i 73<> overman IS
600 Chollar 231 500 Savajfo 23
SCO C? e & Va 2 S." I 30" Mavnero 21
2»O C C & Va 2 S") I W.0 Sierra Nevada. 41
750 C C & Va....2 7^ I 4f«> Pierra Nevada. 40
230 C C &. Va....2 70 ; 300 Sierra Nevada. 33
K0C C & Va 2 72'i ; :0O Utah 0»
2Pv Confidence C3.2rOUtah V>
2*Y> Gould & CUrry. fi-v Wfl Yellow Jacket.. 22
150 Hale *: Norcrs. 27: 500- Yellow Jacket.. H
100 Justice 091 400 Teliow Jacket.. 20
Afternoon Session.
CCO Best & Belcher S3 .'On Mexican 47
S?O Best & Belcher 3>> 1150 ATexican 4">
SCO Best & Belcher 37 j 6C0 Mexican 4S
%0 Bullion C4j 2<o Mexican -"'
SOO Chollar 20 1 3C0 Mexican 50
3>*> Chollar li! 5"O Cvcidental ii?
100 C C & Va_...2 63 I 5ro Ophir 1 05
1230 C C & Va....2 SO 4C" Ophir 1 H
5C0 C C & Va....2 57i; 2;0 Ophlr JS
40 C C &'Va....2 4". 2(v o r hir 97
400 C C & Va 2 55 JW Savap> SI
700 C C & Va....2iO 7C-A Suva*e 20
ISO C C & Va....: 62'ji 6O) Savage B
SOO C C & Va....2 4:'MJ fw Siavaje H
20O Crown Point... 12V. I 21:0 Sierra Nevada. .TT
3. r ,0 Oould & Curry. tSI 2C0 Sierra Nevada-37 1 ?
1<X> Gould & Curry. "3 1ZM Union Cbn 31
6<*> Hale & Norcrs. 231 4<X> Union Con. SO
500 Hale & Norcrs. 24! 2^0 Yellow Jacket.. 13
300 Justice Oil co Yellow Jacket.. 19
200 Justice ID'. 4£O Yellow Jacket.. 2J
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 9—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid.As'*.
Alpha OS C.7 Justice- 09 10
Alta C5 07 Kentuck 01 rj
Andes 12 V Lady Wash — C3
J?elcheT 12 13 Mexican 42 41
Best & Belcher 33 34 Occidental 05 0»»
Bullion 03 O-'/Ophir 94 T3
CaltHicnia 90 9' (Overman 16 17
Challenge Con. IS V>. Potosl 19 21
Chollar 13 2l|^ava*re 11> 2n
Confidence 60 ST>; Scorpion ¦>— M
Con Cat & Va.2 40 2 4." i Peg Belcher 04 CT,
Con Imperial... 01 02 1 Sierra Nevada. 33 34
Con New Tork. 01 —| Silver Hill 4» 51
Crown Point 12 14 j Pt Louis U —
Eureka Con — "¦ Standard 4 l» —
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate CO 11
Gould & Currj. «•> 62 mion Con 2N 20
Hale & Norcrs. 22 2:^ ftah 07 09
Julia 01 C3 Yellow Jacket.. 20 21
On the morning session of the Bond Ex
change Gas and Electric was firmer at $44 50@
43. Oceanic sold at *10t. Otherwise there was
nothing new.
There was no particular change in the after
noon.
The usual activity prevailed on the Oil Ex
change In the morning and California-Standard
was higher at 37@3Sc, Monte Cristo at $2 20®
2 25 and 'Wolverine at *2"3'2 10.
The usual quarterly dividend of $4 per share
has been declared by the Bank of California,
payable on the 15th.
A semi-annual dividend at the rate of 7 per
cent per annum ha3 b«on declared by the Ne
vada National Bank, payable on the 13tti.
At the annual meeting of th« Alaska Pack
ers' Association on the 8th the following di
rectors were elected: Henry F. Fortmann,
president; Charles Ht-Tich and D. Drysdale.
vice presidents; W. B. Bradford. Sidney M.
Smith. E. B. Pond, G. Niebaum. Isaac Llebes.
George W. Hume; Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Bank,
treasurer. The company's balance sheet for
the year is as fellows:
ASSETS.
Canneries and fishing stations J2.558.W9 63
Inventories 475.417 63
Unexplred Insurance 5,413 50
Bills receivable 1.106.301 22
Floating property 6(0.000 60
Cash on hand : 443,134 41
Total J3,0SS.:W6 31
LIABILITIES.
Capital stock J3.120.000 00
Open accounts (employes, etc.) 132,053 84
Dividend account. 190! 432. ono 00
Insurance reserve fund 465.561 57
Contingent reserve fund 938.771 10
Total $5,CSS.3S6 51
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 9—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4a quar coup.. 114 115 4s do cp (new)137'4l.WW
4s do reg 114 115 3s do coup 110 111
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. *
Bay Co PCo3s.l04% — lOak Water 5s.. 101 102
Cal-st Cab 5s. 116 — j Oceanic S S os.lOSHICO
C C Water 53..106U — Om C Ry 6s.. .123 —
Ed L & P 6s. .131 IK Pac G Imp 4S.10O —
F & Cl Ry 6s.ll4',i — P & Cl Ry 6s.lO5 —
Geary-st R 3s.. — — P&ORRCs. — —
H C & S aVjs. — — Powell-st R 68.118 —
Do 5s 103H — Sac E G&R 5s. — 100
L A Ry 5s...lll»i — S F & SJV as.120 —
L A Lt Co 6s. — — S R of Cal 63. — 113
Do gntd 6s.. — — S P R of A 6s.U0»4 —
•Do 5s — — SPC6sa305),
L A P R R 53.100 — Series A 1094 —
Market-st 6s.. .12*5 — Do (Series B)110«i —
Do 1st M 3s.l21?il22>i Do (1906) ...112 112%
irCJ* G R7s. — 112 Do (1302) ...120»i —
N R "of Cal 6s. 112 113 S P R 1st jr 3s. 107 10SH
Do 5s 119«4 — S P B R C 68.131 —
N P C R R es.lOl 1^ — S V Water 6s..ll4',4 —
Do 53 1C6 — Do 4s 103 —
N Cal Ry 5s..llOVi — Do 3d mtge.l01T»10:» 8
O G L & H 5s. — UtfS Stktn Gas 63.102 —
Oak Tran 6s.. — 117
WATER STOCKS.
Contra. Costa.. 70 — | Spring Valley. 93 »3^4,
Marin County. 51»i — i
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
C^nt L & P Co — 4>,i Pac L Co 43^4 44V4
Equit G L Co. 2»4 3 Sac E G&R Co — 40
Mutual El Co. 7 SU S F G & E 45H 45',,
O G L & II.... 43U 50 San Francisco. V z *\
Pac Gas Imp. — — Stktn G & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 230 235 I
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 76 — Lon P & A.... 143 -
Bank of Cal.. — 412 Merchants' Ex 16 —
Cal S D & T..104 — S F Nat Banlc.120 —
First Nationl.310 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.... — 1S10 Sav & L Po.. —
Hum S & L.. — — Sec Sav Bk..27S —
Mut Sav Bk.. 50 — Union T Co... — —
S F Sav IT 500 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....130'i — !O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-st 43 — j Presidio 1SH —
Market-st 19 — I
POWDER STOCKS.
California .... — 160 Vigodt S 3H
Giant Con Co. St% S34
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 6'j 7 Kllauca S Co.. 21H —
Haw C & S Co — 90 Makaweli S Co 40»i 41
Honokaa S Co 31 — Onomea S Co.. 23 234
Hutch S P Co. 25% — IPaauhau S Co 31H 21%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. 125 — Oceanic S Co.. 100 102
Cal Fruit Asn.103^105 Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.lOO — Pac Bor Co 153 154
Mer Ex Assn. 97 — Par Paint Co.. 12ij —
Morning Session.
Board—
43 Giant Powder Con S3 50
5 Giant Powder Con S3 62^i
25 Kllauea S P Co 21 00
10 Kilauea S P Co 21 12H
35 Makaweli S Co 41 CO
10 Oceanic S S Co 10100
30 Paauhau S P Co 3150
3 Pacific Lighting 44 00
, 25 S F Gas & Electric Co ; 44 624
; 75 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 75
55 S F Gas 8: Electric Co 45 00
35 Spring Valley Water 93 62%
Street—
SO Cal Safe Deposit 105 00
200 Contra Costa Water 70 23
$2000 Los Angeles Ry 5s Ill 50
20 Oakland Gas 43 6Z%
$2000 Oceanic S S bonds 10S 62Vi
$2000 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 5s 99 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 60 44 50
$4000 S F & S J V bonds, cash 120 25
Afternoon Session.
Beard—
$£000 Bay Counties Power Co ae 104 75
60 Equitable Gas 2 S7t»
200 Hutchinson S P Co 2i 75
35 Kllauea S P Co 21 l2'.-i
50 Paauhau S P Co 31 M)
55 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 H
100 S F Gaa & Electric Co, s 90 44 75
675 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90 44 87^
150SF Gas &. Electric Co 45 25
Street—
JcOOO Maiket Street Railway 1st con 5s 122 00 '
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s 113 00
$2000 Oceanic S S bonds # 10S 62*4
24 Paauhau S P Co 31 50
J3CO0 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry Ss 99 00
$1000 S P Branch Ry 6s 121 £0
190 Vigorlt Powder 3 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE
Morning Session.
Board—
1500 Cala-Standard J7
270-) Ca!a-Standard 33
1500 Four Oil Co £8
63 Four Oil Co 67
150 Home Oil : »)
300 Independence, b 20 £»
100 Junction (i
60 Kern OH Co 1100
1650 Lion Oil Co 19
<0O McKittrlck Consolidated 23
200 McKittrlck Consolidated • 26
310 Monarch of Arizona 68
200 Monte Crlsto ! 2 20
500 Monte Cristo .• 3 55
17 Occidental of W Va 63
100 Peerless 8 25
2000 Petroleum Center t%
uOD Reed Crude Oil Co 73
3700 Reed Crude Oil Co 73
EO San Joaquin Oil & Dev 12 75
SO Sterling O & D Co 3 25
110O Wolverine 5 00
2C0 Wolverine 2 03
100 Wolverine 2 10
Street—
200 Dominion 40
Afternoon Session.
Board—
2000 Cala-Standard «S
1450 Caribou - M
200 Continental 125
200 Four Oil Co S*
100 Home Oil S 95
788 Independence 21
200 Junction <4
3300 Lion Oil Co 20
50(» Lion Oil Co, b 30 21
6C0 Monarch of Arizona 63.
1100 Monarch of Arizona 70
700 Monte Cristo J 25
S00 Peerless 8 00
500 Petroleum Center 2t
1000 Reed Crude Oil Co 73
400 Reed Crude Oil Co 72
100 Thirty-Three 12 to
100 Thirty-Three 13 5<)
200 Twenty-Eight J 2 35
200 Wolverine 190
300 Wolverine ~~. 193
¦? : - Street—^- :..... ,
1000 Lion OH Co 1J
1000 Petroleum Center js
100 Monarch of Arizona 70
100 Thirty-Three 1373
50 Thirty-Three 13 50
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
, WEDNESDAY. Jan. 9-2:30 p. m.
STOCKS. j Bid. I Asked.
Buckhorn 1 — I " J 50
Silver and Sterling Exelumge advanced. '
Oil stocks continue active and firm.
Local stocks and bonds without especial feature.
CoiTec steadier, but net active.
Mutton and Lamb higher than for a number of years.
Wheat futures quiet and zveak. Barley dull again.
Oats, Corn and Rye stand as before.
Xo furilier change in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes and Onions steady. Southern Vegetables higher.
Poultry in light supply and high and Game firmer.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs show no change.
Four cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Nothing nezv in Provisions.
Smaller receipts, of Wine and Brandy last year.
Cured Fruit Association reduces prices for large and small
Prunes.
Decreased movement in Quicksilver last year.
Bran advanced. Hay steady.
t* N -HS l ' 4s 9914I West Shore 4s 114^4
t? f" T 2ds 7S I Wise Cent lets S6
v. 1^ <*¦• 97% Va Centuries S6»4
NYC 1st* 1O6V4|
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 16'
A1;c * 43 Ontario 6 00
Hreece 2 qq Opnir %
Brunswick Con 24 Phoenix \\ 10
1 onistock Tunnel... 04 Potosl 20.
gSS'Cal & Va 2 55 Bava^e 20
IJeadwood Terra 55 Sierra Nevada 3<?
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes 65
J roi: !, S . ! , 1 . ver 63 i Standard 3 7i
Leadvllle Con «] •
EOSTOX STOCKS AND BONDS.
iloney— iWest End 92^
a11 Io . uns i&o "VVestin B hse Elec... 04
Time loans 4&4V4 : Bonds-
Stocks— 'Atchison 4s 101H
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 46 \s E Gas & C 5s.. 63V»
iJo prefd i>9 1 Mining Shares-
American Sugar... 137V Adventure 10
t> . pre . fd 118 jAmalpr Copper 92
Boston & Albany.. 252 I Atlantic 28
Boston Elevated.. .159% Boston & Montana.818
Boston & Maine. ..185 1 Butte & Boston.... 7S
Oil B <t Q 145 'Calumet & Hecla..S35
r>ominion Coal 37^4 Centennial 23
_ Do . P refd 1084' JYanklin 17%
Fltchburv prefd. ...133 Humboldt 50
Gen fclectric UZhi Osceola SI
Do prefd 156 ; Parrot 4SU
Mexican Central... 15<4 Quincy 175^4
£,j p G?' & Coke... 13 |sta Fe Copper C',4
OW Colony :o5 Tamarack 1 82S
Old Dominion SO^'Utah Mining 33
Union Pacific S3".i, AVInona 614
Lnlon Land 2\ ' Wolverines 4S
London Market.
NETW YORK. Jan. 9.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The Inactivity In the markets here to-day was
Increased. Ths close was harder on the an
nouncement that Whltaker Wrirht was to pro
from the ivcer.t disastrous collapse.
American activity is ebbing, the department
beinif fraturetes to-day at about par, except
In Loulfcvllle and Nashville and Union Pacific,
which wore strengthened by New York pur
chases ar.d anticipations of improved dividends.
Tlie expectation cf early gold shipments from.
New York improved consols.
CLOSING
LONDON. Jan. 9.— Atchlson. 47" r 4: Canadian
Pacific. 'JVi: irnicn Pacific preferred. 84* 4 ;
Northern Pacific preferred, 90; Grand Trunk,
7V*: Anaconda, 9»i; bar silver, steady, 28 7-16d;
money, Z per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— Money on call, easy.
S'ii per cent: la*t loan, 3 per cent: prime mer
cantile paper, 4ViU5 per cent. Sterling ex
change, rinn, with actual business in bankers'
Mils at $4 S3 T i for demand and at $4 S3 l » for
Flxty clays; posted rates, $4 S3<<?4 S4 and $4 87'i;
commercial bills. $4 62»i. Silver certificates,
C4H06S%c; bar silver. 63:«c: Mexican dollars.
4i»T*c. Government bonds, strong; State bonds,
inactive; railroad bonds, strong.
Condition of the Treasury
WASHINGTON. Jan. 9.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances 6hows: Available
cash balance, JH1.157.6S0; gold, $30,»34.761.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
market was dull; • creamery, 15@23c: dairy. 12
020c. Cheese, quiet; 1<H4@11Uo. Egga. dull;
fresh, 19c. . .
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- Feb. Mar. May.
Opening 6 274 6 3U
Closing 6 2H 6 2H
_ ¦ PARIS.
/Vvlieat— . Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening 1335 20 60
Closing 19 35 20 60
Flour—
Openins 24 90 28 30
Closing 24 JO 26 30
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9.-CATTLE— Receipts, 20.
000. Including 500 Texans. Choice steers steady,
others slow; butchers, weak to 10c lower; good
to prime steers, $5 2S®* 10; poor to medium,
J3 50@5 15; stockers and feeders, ?2 75@4 40;.
cows. $2 6O@4 10; heifers. $2 65@4 40: canners,
$202 55; bulls, $2 S0®4 40; calves. $4@6 25: Texas
fed steers, $4@4 80; Texas grass steers, $3 3034:
bulls, $2 5O®3 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 42,000; to-morrow, 37.0CO:
left over, 25C0. Active, 5c higher; closed
strong, top J5 40. Mixed and butchers, $5 0d@
B 3"H; good to choice heavy,' io lOtflo 40; rough
heavy. $;@6 10; light. $5 C5@5 32 V4: bulk. J5 20@
5 30.
SHEET— Receipts. lS.OOOi. Sheep and lambs,
weak to 10c lower; pood to choice wethsra> J3 75
'31 C5: fair to choice mixed, $3 40(33 80: West
ern sheep. J3 75if?4 60; Texas Sheep. $2 5003 50;
native Iambs- $1S % 4 25; Western lambs, $;.¦& j 45.
New York Cotton Market.
Boston Wool Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 9.— In the cotton market
to-day a considerable portion of the recent
gains was lost and th? bears once more seemed
to gain positive control. The opening wan
Pteady, with prices 3<?4 points higher. General
celling coon gained the upper hand and prices
rapidly tapered off, closing 3313 points lower.
Portland's Business.
BOSTON. Jan. 9.— Tlie American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will my of the wool market
to-morrow: The quiet prevalent In Boston's
wool district at the last writing has not been
In any great measure dl3pelled and many of
the dealers are much busier hoping for sales
than In filling orders. There have been more
inquiries and more searches for bargains than
there was last week. Pales of the week In
Boston amounted to 1.590, 000 pounds domestic
end 120,000 pounds foreign, making a total of
1.710.000 pounds, against a total of 1,249,000
pounds for the previous week and a total of
1.565,000 pounds for the corresponding week last
year. The eales since January" 1 amount to
3.159.000 pounds, against B.070.600 pounds for .the
corresponding time Icu.t year.
PORTLAND, Jan. 3.— Clearings, $430,719; bal
ances, JS9.CSD.
OREGON
PORTLAND, Jan. a.— Wheat steady at a
slight decline: Walla Walla, 56c.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 9.— Wheat in fair demand and
prices unchanged; farmers holding oft with
their supplies; blue3tem, aSc; club, 56c.
unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican —
»t?l6Hc for prime to fancy washed, 11312c for
strictly good . washed. 10H©10%c for good
washed, 9Vi©10c for fair washed. 8H®9c for
medium. 6@7%c for Inferior to ordinary. UGlSc
for good to prime washed peaberry, lOJJlOSic
nominal for good to prime unwashed peaberry,
8 J ,i@SUc nominal for good to superior unwashed.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 9.
Flour, qr sks 1S.024 Wine, gals J3.700
Wheat, ctls. 134.231 Brandy, gala .... 7.9GO
Barley, ctls 5.750 Straw, tons 3t
Beans, sks 1.343 Hay. tons 427
Potatoes, aks ... 7,460 Tallow, ctls 18
Onions, sks 1.225 Sugar, ctls 2,720
Bran, sks 4-*5 Lime, bbls 1*2
Middlings, ska .. 22T> Pelts, bdls 4.1«4
Leather, rolls ... 87 Hides, no 155
Quicksilver, flsks II
OREGON
Wheat, ctls. J.OCOiFlour. qr sks 10.218
, UTAH.
Wheat, ctls 6«l
Continue dull at the revised prices.
CURED MEATS-Bacon, lKgn'ic per lb for
heavy, 11V481Z0 for light medium. 12>,i®13c for
liBht. UWSHa for extra light and i;@13>4c for
Fugar-cured : Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 11SU'
12c; Mess Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess. $13;
Family, $14; extra Prime Pork, $155?15 50: extra
clear, $19 20; Mess, $17; smoked Beef, 13c per
pound.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6 5 A*fS*ic per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, puro,
9'.;c; 10-lb tin?. 9%c; 5-lb tins. 9 T ic.
COTTOLENK— One half-barrel. S>;c; three
half -barrels. Sc; on" tierce, 7"ic: two tierces.
"i^c; five tierces, THc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc untlf-r quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
9Vic; medium, 9c; light. 8*jS<ic; Cow Hides.
S\ic for heavy and S<8S ! ;c for light ; Staps. 6@
6>4c: Salted Kip. «c: Salted Veal, 9c; Salted
Calf, 10c: Dry Hides, 15Hc; culls. 13Vjc; Dry
Kip, 13c; Dry Calf, 15^1Cc; culls and brands,
lie; Sheepskins, shear! Inps. »1W30c ench; short
AVool. 30i<55c each: medium. 60(T?75c; long Wool,
;5cji$l each; Horse Hides, salt. %I 30® 2 75 for
large and $:^T2 25 for jnedlum ?1©1 23 for small
and 5Cc for colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for
large. Jl 50 for medium. Jl 25 for small and 50c
for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 33c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin
Mvin?, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75o;
larfjo and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. I rendered, 4c per lb; No. 2.
SS?2'4e: grease. 2^2>4c.
WOOl.. — Spring Clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern. fr»-e. Ug'Wc; Northern, defective. 12©
14c; Middle County, free. lr.fMGc; Middle Coun
ty, defective. l"@Hc; Southern Mountain. 12
months', 9<7?10c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months', Il»?fl2c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 9fJllc; Humboldt and Mendoctno, 18
«}17c: Nevada, 13(fil6c per lb
Fall clip — San Joaquin. 6V±t?Sc: do lambs. 8<y
9c; Middle County, 9 1 {il0c: Northern Mountain,
free, 10«illc; Southern Mountain, 7%@SHc;
Humboldt and Mendo'-ino, ll@12c per lb.
HOPS-12©16c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Mutton and Lamb have again advanced and
are now at the highest point fcr some years.
There Is no advance In Beef, but the market
Is liehtly suppllfd and firm and an occasional
small bullock rpIIs at a fraction 'over the quo
tnlions. Scattering Spring Lambs are coming
la, brlnRlng 12^ic per lb. Hogs are steady and
unchanged.
BE Kb — iC(J?c for Steers and Cff7c per lb for
Cows.
VMM. — T.ar«*". SflOf; >-"»** o*j-(o- -or !>>
MI "TTON— Wethers. 9«©10c; Ewes, 9©9^c
per pound.
-lOSllc per lb.
POKK- Live iro*F. ,V»ic for small and 5»ic for
mecflum and Ci«5%c for larre; Rtock Hogs and
feeders, Z\*c; dressed Hops, 7U@S^c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, J5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July, 6%c; Wool Bags.
28Vi@32He: Fleece Twine, 7Vic.
COAL— Wellington. |i» per ton: Somhfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. t7: Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend, $3; Co-operative Walls
fnd. $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and *13 27, in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel. $10 r«r ton: Coke. $15 per tonfin bulk and
$18 in sacks: Rocky Muontaln descriptions/ $3 45
per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to
brand.
SUGAR— The Western Surnr Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.15c; Powdered. 5.75c: Candy Gran
ulated, 5.75c: Dry Granulated. 5.65c; Confec
tioners' A. 6.C5c; Magnolia A, 5.25c; Extra C
5.15c; Golden C, G.05c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 2jc more; boxes, 50c more: CO-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Dominoes, half-Dar
rels, «.40c: boxp*. G.«",s- per lb.
COFFEE— C. E. BIckford's circular Rives the
receipts at this port thus far this year at 174 -
7W1 bags, arainst 1S-1.618 during the same time
last year. The sales from first hands were 1SS -
2'it bags, against 164,489. Tbe stock in first
hands January 1 was 87% bags, against 9394
ci. the Bame date last year. The world's visible
supply January 1 was 7.561,142 bags, against
7,03«.093. The circular saya:
"Brazil coffees in New York have lately
Blown a small Improvement over their lowest
point In December. While dealers welcome this
turn (or the better it has not sufficiently in
iplred them with confidence to enter Into new
and business remains very quiet.
New Central Americana are arriving more
slowly than usual, due to bad weather and
difficult roads in the Interior, but the crops
are Kenerally reported full. To-day's HrM hand
stock consists of 310 bass Costa Rica, S6 Nica
ragua. 510 Salvador, 7617 Guatemala, 634 Mexi
can and 6108 bags of other kinds: in all 15 2S3
bags, as against , 8136 same time last year.
The lack of a complete assortment renders our
quotations nominal to some extent, but based
on recent sales we revise as follows:
Costa Rica— 13f{14c nominal for prime
washed. Il«ifl2>.4c nominal for good washed
12/313C for Rood to prime washed peaberry. 11©
11%c nominal for good to prime peaberry, lO'fc©
12» for good to prime. 9^@10c nominal for pood
current mixed with' black beans. 9<<?10c noml
ral for fair. Bl^'^ic nominal for common to or
dinary. Salvador — 10Vi©13c for Rood to prime
washed. 9<fflOV4c 'for fair washed, lliBUJHc for
Rood to prime washed p*>aberry, 9>£«Z!W.c for
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Four cars of Oranges were 'auctioned, as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, Jl S5if2 50: choice do.
$1 20Q-1 S5; standard, 90cQ$l 35; Seedlings, 759
00c.
The market for all descriptions stands n.bout
a-, previously quoted, except Bananas, which
aro In excessive supply and cheap.
DECIDUOUS KRIJITS—
APPLES — 30g£0c per box for common and 75o
©Jl £0 for good to choice; Spltzenbergs, Jl 25®
175; Oregon Spltzenbergs, $1 2J@1 JO; Lady Ap
ples. JlQloO per box.
PEARS— COcgJl per box.
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys. 112: IVMsconslns.
*i3 60; Cape Cod, *14 per barrel; Coos Bay, |2 50
©2 75 per box. •
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1^3;
Seedling*. 50cf»:$l 25; Tangprlnes, nominal: Man
darins, S3c6Sl; Lemons. 25c(g$l 25 for common
nnd Jl 504i2 Su for good to choice; Grape Krutt.
60c<fi$2; Mexican Limes, $i 50<33; California
Limes. 25?935c: Bananas, 50c@-J2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $1@2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Provisions.
The directors of the Cured Fruit Association
met yesterday and reduced the prices for large
and small sizes of Prunes sharply, leaving the
basic prices for the four sizes unchanged. The
new quotations will be seen below.
FRUITS-Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes. 3c:
3'MOs. 7c; 40-SOs. CV«c: 50-60s, 4',4c: 60-70s, 3*ic;
7C-8Cs. 3»4c; S0-90s. 2%c; 00-100s. 2»,ic; 100-120S,
l J .ic; rubles, »4c premium; Sonomas, He and
San JoaqVins less than Sapta Claras, ex
c*i)t 100 uOd over-, which stand the same. Apri
tt.ts, 6@Sc for Royals and IO&IOHc for Moor
jiurks; Evaporated Apples, 5fi6c: sun-dried.
3',i®4Vic: Peaches, 4@5c for standard, &@6c for
choice and 6'^®7c for fancy; Pears, 4<ft7c;
Plums, pitted. 5®6>.2Ot unpitted. lfll'ic: Nec
tarines, 5Ct5%c for red and S'i'gfic for white.
RAISINS — The Raisin tJrbwers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard, 8-%c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's. i!c per lb. Sultanas —
Fancy. l&Hc p«-r lb: choice. 9V4c: standard, 8»ic;
prime. 8c; unbleached Sultana?. Sc; Seedless.
50-lb boxes, 6^jc; 4-crown, "c;. London Layers,
2-crown, Jl 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dvhesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
NUTS- Chestnuts, V.ifftic per lb for Italian;
Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, lie; No. 2, 8c; No. 1
hardshell, 10c; No. 2, 74c; Almonds. 125il3c for
napershell, 9@llc for softshell: Peanuts. 5®Sc
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts. 13c; I'e
c.in«. n<f?l3c: Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.
I'ONKY— Cr>ml\ I5u«7iiuo » O r nil 1?'A
$13c for light amber; water white extracted.
74i*iSc; light amber extracted. SH'S'c; -lark,
Ctiny^c p«r lb.
BEESWAX- 24©:Cc per lb.
03 for Mountain; Mallard. $1 50<53 50- Canvas
back, J2 600*4; Sprig. $l 75@2 60; Teal. %i 25@1 50;
Widgeon, $1 23@1 60; Small Dock 75c® $1: Black
Jeck, II 25; Gray Geese. $3: White Geese, $1SJ
125; Brant, $150, for small and $2 for large;
Honkers, J3@4 50; English Snipe, Jl 50@2; Jack
Snipe. 11@1 23; Hare, $1 25@1 60; Rabbits, »1 50
for Cottontail and $1 for Brush; Doves, 65S75O
per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The situation stands exactly as before.
Creamery Butter is steady enough, but the
medium and lower grades are in excessive sup
ply and dragging. Cheese and Eggs are as
previously quoted, with sufficient on hand.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy KxchangH
were 36,000 lbs Butter, E33 cases California
Eggs. cases Kastern Eggs. a3.920 lbs Cali
fornia Cheese and lbs Kastern Cheese.
BUTTER— ' '
Creamery— Extras, 24c; firsts. 22c; seconds
20c.
• Dairy — Kxtras, 20c; firsts, ISc; seconds, 17c
store, 14c.
Storage— Creamery extras, 22c; firsts, 20c
ceconds, ; dairy extras, . ' * *
Pickle— 19c per lb. • .
ZOc per lb.
CHEESE- Fancy, full cream. 12iic; choice
lie; common, nominal; Young Americas 13c-
Eastern, full cream, 15©16%c per 1b
EGOS—
Callfornia ranch — Selected white, 30c; mixed
colors. 2Sc per dozen.
California gathered— Selected, 27c; standard
2Cc; seconds, 23c.
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard. 26c;
seconds. .
Storage — California fancy, ; standard, ;
Eartern fancy, 25c; standard, ; seconds,"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 10, 1901.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Kood to prime neml-washed. PifJOVic for" superior
unwashed. 8UigS?ic for good Kreen unwashed.
H : @lC?ic for Rood ¦ to superior unwashed pea
trrry, fitfiTVJc.for common to ordinary. Nlca
lagua—13^16c nominal ¦ for prime to fancy
washed, ]0fT12c nominal for fair to strictly good
naehed. ' SHSjSc nominal for good to superior
unwashed. 10iQl»V&c nominal for ¦ good to prime
LAMB-
Keg—
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
Nii'.v TORK. Jan. 8.— After a short prellm-
Ir^ry contest to-day with the reactlonay
forces, the Etock market resumed Us recent
bull characteristics. There was a prompt and
striking response to any demonstration of
strength, the leafier* finding no difficulty la
running rrics up by rapid stages several points
Jn any stock which they bid for shares. The
Influence cr these easy advances exercised bo
•tror.g a 6'jstaJr.ing influence ca the rest of the
tr-arket that the balance of long stocks bad no
difficulty < a marketing large holdings. The
bean who so'.d the market In the conviction
that the culmination of the rise had been
reached and with the reported Illness of the
President might prove a deciding factor la pre
cipitating a reaction were forced to cover In
¦orae disorder. The sustained strength In the
market cannot be entirely accorded without
making due allow ance for the persistence of u.
very large short interest and the present stage
of the riee. The demand for fcorrowed stocks
Is proof of the existence of the short Interest.
More cr lew difficulty Is experienced In secur
ing stocks for delivery on short acceptances
ejid borrowers of seme stocks are obliged to
forego Interest on their money. Notwithstand
ing the repeated setbacks of the bears, they
were still active to-day.
There was a break of foor points In National
Tube common and of 111$ <n the preferred
The rubber stocks fell 2H for the common and
5 for the preferred, and there was a drop <f
Zhi In Lake Erie and Western. Excepting the
rubber Mocks, there were rood rallies la all
*>f these In eympathy with the general strength
developed. The opening dealings gave the lm
preselun that Union Pacific had been selects
p.s the leader for the day. the demand absorb
ing r.o less than 25.000 sliares on Eimultaaeoun
pales. But Missouri Paclflc quickly forged
to the front after a momentary setback, which
carried it «» below last night. This was du°
to profit txiklng, attracted by yesterday's 6-point
rise. The stock was easily the leader of the
market .-.: .-1 was lifted in the afternoon f : 7
points more above last night's level. There
r.ere many rumors current of coming consoli
dation cf the Southwestern Railway systems
Trtthout any authority cited and which were
m«i In come cases by semi-official disclaimer*.
but notwithstanding thi« the so-called Gould
fiouthwesterns all advanced from 2 to 2%. Man
hattan and Western Union also gained Z and
S respectively. The various stocks whlrh wer«»
vuceraslvely brought forward In the advance
would make a long lin. Conspicuous were
Loulrviile end Nashville, with a rise of 3*4:
Illinois Central 4\%, Great Northern preferred
1=*. the local traction etock» from 2»4 to 3.
1'T.lan Pacific and New Tork Central as much,
end a number of leys prominent stocks with
even wider gains. Tbe manipulative character
Bet
!t \
>ur»>
; Season.
; Last
I S< a ton
0.00
12.63
10.00
io. n
€.35
S0.S2
14.69
12.19
14. »
€.11
4.«
20.7S
7.ES
(• J.09
I 12.50
4.57
2^45
i 2.63
Bet
!t \
>ur»>
; Season.
; Last
I S< a ton
0.00
12.63
10.00
io. n
€.35
S0.S2
14.69
12.19
14. »
€.11
4.«
20.7S
7.ES
(• J.09
I 12.50
4.57
2^45
i 2.63
AUCTION SALE
1>TA OK
ICO HEAD BROKE AND I'NBROKE IIOSSE3
Weighing fiom WW to l«0 -¦
Horties can be seen up to Jay of sa*e at th»
R^in^h.
Mares In frol am! with colts by side, yearlings
and two-y*nr-oUls. Work. Farm. Orchard
and Driving Horses.
Property of J. B. NIGHTINGALE.
' GREEN VALLEY FAKJI. COIlDfcUA.
To be sola on
SATURDAY. January 12. 1D01.
At 11 a. m., at
CORRALS IN CORPKLrA, SOL.VNO COUNTY.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Livestock Auctlon-ers.
Successors to Kiillr. & Co.. 1731 Market st.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
Jfea £^ fe
OF ALL THE
THOROUGHBREDS
In training belonging to Messrs. W. R. LAR-
ZALERE. P. KYAN and PHIL ARCHI-
BALD.
Consisting of such well-known ones as
JINGLE JINGLE. ANTiRATTlS. PLOHN.
PILVERTONR. CYRIL. SCALLV v.'AO. TOL-
LYTOT. THE FIT>OLKR. FINt^J. ST. AN-
THONY. THE GAFFIR. SYNIA. ILU'SION.
WERTHE1M. TRKNTGOLD. DISCOVERY.
ORANASIA and several two-years-nUs by
Take Notice. General Miles. I>are. etc.
Horses are all In training and remiy to raca
now.
Fale will take place at the Oakland Racetrack
THIS SATURDAY. January IX 1301 commenc-
ing at 12 noon. . •
Catalogues now roarly.
WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.CEREMONY ATTENDS
THE INSTALLATION
Masons Hold Banquet in Honor
: of New Officers.
Banquet of Manufacturers.
The annual banquet of the Manufactur
ers' and Producers' Association of Cali
fornia *. will •¦-¦'be held at the .ralace Hotel
January 18. • ...... .... .
Oakland Divorce Suits.
OAKIiAND, Jan; ; 9. —Caroline - M. : Lu
cheasa filed 1 suit to-day Tor divorce from
her husband, - Clprlno : Luchessa, ¦ on , the
ground of. desertion. In jthe divorce suit
of Bertha i Hoerman against : Elgon Hoer
man Judgment In default has been entered
against the defendant. • y .
Spring Valley Elects Trustees.
'The stockholders of the Spring Valley
Water Company re-elected the old board
of trustees yesterday. To-day the trus
tees will elect officers. • - ," ua^
Shoe-Repairers Will Meet.
The Custom Boot and Shoe Repairers'
Union will hold a meeting in Pythian
Castle Sunday at 2 o'clock. All shoe
makers have been Invited to attend
Daingerflield Still Creeps Tip.
Four more votes will place Judge DaJn
gerfleld In' the lead In his contest of tha
election of Judge Thomas F. Graham-
Judge Dalngerfleld gained fourteen votes
yesterday. .
COAST BREVITIES.
VALXiEJO, Jan. 9.— The Navy Department
announces that the irunboat Wheeling Is to be
rut out of commission and replaced by the
Mohican, which, like the Wheeling, has been
stationed at Mare Island. The Wheeling is to
undergo extensive .repairs. Captain- Couden
and the entire crew will be transferred to the
Mohican. , •: .'... !,.- : ¦.':'¦ .V^ '-'¦'¦
SAN JOSE, Jan. •&.— Frank Moro, a resident
cf Gllroy, was i brought ' to ; the County Jail to
day violently insane. ; His ravings were of such
a nature that it was necessary • to keep him In
shackVts. He will be confined here pending
his. commitment to Agnews. ,
PHOENIX. Jan. - 9.— Report* of additional
raM« of smallpox In various parts of the Ter
ritory are coming In." many of them from the
rorthern'portion.. Two cases are at Mesa City.
"WOODLAND, " Jan. . ; 9.— The Board of Super
visors to-day .elected Dr. i Law head County
Physician and Charles Binning "Warden of the
County Hospital. ' ¦ V, ; y.
YOTJNQ HIGHWAYMEN" IN
COURT PLEAD GTJELTY
OAKLAND, Jan. 9.— Frank Arnold and
William Hunter, the two 15-year-old boyo
arrested for robbing Mrs. M. "W. Curtis
in Frultvale six weeks since, j were ar
raigned in Judge ' Greene's court to-day.
The youngsters pleaded guilty and asked
to be sent to Whlttler. Deputy Sheriff
Strikes pointed out that the trip to Whlt
tler would be of considerable cost to the
county, whereas the " boys could • be sent
to lone at the State's expense. Judge
Greene took the matter under advisement
vntil to-morrow morning.
FIRST STEPS TOWARD
BROAD GAUGE SYSTEM
ALAMEDA, Jan. 9.— Southern Pacific
engineers commenced surveying: to-day for
the third rail which will bo laid along: the
route of the narrow gauge local line pre
paratory to turning It Into a broad gauge
system. After the surveys have been com
pleted, which will take a month, the work
of laying the third rail will commence at
once. It is estimated that within four
months broad gauge trains will have dis
placed the narrow gauge trains. The
change will ¦ only affect the local system
as narrow gauge trains will continue to
run on the through line to Santa Cruz and
way points.
BEAX ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of Baa Francisco to Thomas
G. Taylor, lot on NE corner of Bush and PolVc
streets. E 148 :« by N 130; .
Estate of Amelia V. R. Pixley (by J. V. E>.
Curtla and Union. Trust Company, executors)
to Donald McC. and Daisy L. Gedge. lot on B
line of Stelner street, 100 N of Green. N 25 by
E 127:6; $1400.
Charles W. and Amalle C. Gerck» to Ingel- '
burg E. Randall (wife of C. II). lot on W
line of Howaid street. SO N of Adalr. N 25 by
W 95; alao lot on N line of Adatr street. T5 W
of Howard street, W 20 by N 60: jrift.
Estate of Rose E. Bosq (by Aloise Gtes* and
Pauline V. Penes, executors) to Frederick P.
Schuster, lot on E line of Valencia street. 135
S of Fifteenth, & SO by H 1<X>; $5330.
William J. and Annie M. Hommann to Mal
colm O. Austin, lot on B line of Guerrero
street. 53 S of Camp. S 23 by E 110: $5poo.
Hibernla, Savings and Loan Society to Mar
ghret E. Feehan. lot on N line of Liberty
street, 52:2H W of Noe. N 39:4, E :l!i. N to a
point W 24:0%. S 36:10. E UH-S 23:3. W :Hi.
S 39:6. E 24:0%; $2500.
Annie Knopf (wife of G. T.) to J. E. and
Catherine G. Lowney, all Interest in lot on N
line of Twenty-first Street, 50 E of Bryant
avenue, E 25 by N 83; $3)0.
Louis Schoenbero; to Pauline Schoenberc;. un
divided 10-2000 of. the following: Lot on NW
corner of Twenty-second street and Potrero
evenue, N 175 by W 1C0; also lot on W line of
Potrero Avenue, 95 S of Twenty-first street, S
200 by W 100; also lot on SW corner of Po
tiero avenue and Twenty-first street, 8 70 by
W 50; also lot on N line of Twenty-first street,
23 W of Potrero avenue. W 23 by N 31:«: also
lot on NE corner of Twenty-second and Hamp
shire streets. N 97:6H by B 2a:S: rtft.
Henry Feige to Otto F. and Mamie Foevt.
lot on E line ©t Florida street. 132 N of Twen
ty-third. N 26 by B 100: $200.
George H. and Joseph H, P. Howard, Julia
D. Beylard. Agnes H. Hayne and Henry P.
,Bowie to Mary B. Harrison (wife of F. B.) and
Charles T. and Jennie A. Crocker, lot on XR
line of First street. 1«2:« NW of Natoma, NW
60:5 by NE 273 (quitclaim deed): $300.
Mary U Gibb to Albert V. Clark, lot on SB
line of Mission street. 1U«:1O SW of New Mont
gomery street. BW 25 by SB 80; $13,500.
Tillie Sllverstone to Joseph E. Slckels, !ot on
BW Una of Sixth street, 125 NW of Bryant.
NW 75 by SW 90; $25,000.
John J. Sullivan to Moritz Silrerman. lot on
SW line of Laagton street. SO NW of Bryant.
NW 25 by SW 80; $1500.
Vincent P. and Agnes L. Buckley to J. W. ,
¦•V right & Sons Investment Company, lot en
S"W corner of California street and Twenty
flfth avenue, W 240, S 4C0, E 120, N 3C0. E 120.
N 150: $300.
Reuben O. and Jennie V. Simons to Bay Olty
Krlck Company (corporation), lots 1 to 11.
blcck 25. map of subdivisions of part of San
Miguel Ranrho: $T5C0.
John Murray to Gottlieb Brackrog. lot on ?FJ
line of California avenue. 175 S of £v« street.
8 15 by E 132; ISM.
Provident Mutual Loan Association to Oeorsre
Tliistleton, lot on N line of Farallone street, S73
W of Plymouth. W S by S 123. block M. Rail
road Homestead: $1000.
Builders' Contracts.
Julie I. Haste and Jane K. Rogert (owners) j
with Bletch £ Lansing Co. (contractors), archi
tect Nathaniel Blaladel— All work except trfln
mlnjr hardware, electrical work, mantels,
rrates and shades for a three-story frame
building on S line of Bu*h street. 23A;1 E of
Leaven worth, S 137:6 by W M; total, $TS33.
Ida J. Moody (executrix of the, estate of Jo
seph L.. Mccdy. owner) with H. H. Lrftnen &
Brothers (contractors). architects Punn»tt
Brothera— Concrete and brick work for thr»<?-
Btory brick building en NW line of Townsend
street. 208.10 SW of Fifth. NW 230. SW tl:t.
SB 250, NE €1:2: total. $11,900.
Same owner with John I IL McKay (con
tractor), architects name— Carpenter work for
same on same; total. $8"0O.
¦ Isaac Jaeobs (owner) with J. V. Campbell
(contractor). ¦ architect All work for a
two-story frame butldlns (flata> on SE tine of
Tehama stre«t. 215 SE of Sixth, JTE 23, S 80,
SW 25. NW80; total, , $3130.
Donald McGedge (owner) with Paul Hum
p#rdlnck (contractor), architects Punn *>
Schroepfer — All work for a two-story and base
ment frame house with brick foundations on
E-. line of Seiner street. 100 N of Grten. N 23
by E 127:«. W. A. 343; total. $3100.
Pioneers' Daughters Organize.
Articles of Incorporation of uie Daugh
ters of California Pioneers were filed yeJ
terday. The purpose of the corporation !*
to perpetuate th« memories of the mem
bers' forefathers. The directors arc*
Mary White Tricon, Alice McWllllann
Morse. Mary McWllllams Palmer. Lucy
F. Adams. Bertha. Ellen Falrchild. Grace
E. de Forest, Florence Hutchinson Tem
pleman. Mary) • Hutchinson Crurnett and
Ella Lees Leigh.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Luella. St. J. T. Faudre from Croc
kett L. Faudre for desertion; Jacob Mar
ler from Annie Marler for desertion: Mar
garet McCarron from Thomas MeCarron
for neglect, and Retta A. Gogglns from
Henry S. Goggins for neglect. Suits for
divorce were filed by John Griffin again**
Addle Griffin for cruelty; Matilda Nlels.in
against Jesse R. Neilson for failure to
provide, and Mary C. "Warder against
Arthur F. Warder for desertion.
Fred H. Jackson Honored.
A pleasant birthday party was given
last evening at Marchand's in honor of
Fred H. Jackson by a number of hi 3
friends. Among those who eat down to
the dinner were Dr. E. N. Short. Harry
Shaw, Tom McCann, John N. Shannon.
Phil H. Bekeart and George H. Jones.
During the evening a quartet that had
been engaged for the occasion rendered
several selections.
PRESIDENT HAYS
VISITS OAKLAND
Makes a Quiet Trip Over
the Important Local
Lines.
ments.
West Oakland Yards With
an Eye to Improve-
Inspects the Ferry Service and the
The matter of increased ferry service at
certain times of the day, of increased ser
vice to Berkeley and Oakland and of in
creased facilities at the Oakland mole and
the West Oakland yards were mentioned
as likely to require attention before a
great while. The plan for the proposed
Increase in the ferry service to twenty
minute trips on the broad-gauge . route,
which has been perfected for some time,
but has never ben put into operation, was
explained. , .
The trip was purely one of Inspection
so that the new head of the company
might know something. of the local condi
tions that surround the lines under his
control and that he might familiarize him
self with the local geography. Tho party
returned to San Francisco in the evening
without making any comments upon the
conditions existing.
The peculiarities of the local traffic
upon this side of the bay, the heavy
crowds in the morning and evening and
light crowds during the day. were ex
plained to the new president by Mr.
Palmer and Mr. Wilder.
From there the party went over the
Seventh-street line to East Oakland,
around through Alameda, and then back
to the pier, from which point a start was
made to Berkeley. A careful inspection
of tho Berkeley branch was made be
cause the travel is growing so rapidly
upon this line that some increase In the
service will have to be made shortly.
The first visit' was made to the West
Oakland railroad yards, the headquarters
of the repairing for the division. Mr.
Hays was taken through the shops to the
shipyard, where the ferry steamers are re
paired, and the Peralta-street slip, from
which point the freight ferry starts. This
Is the main artery by which overland
freight- reaches and leaves San Francisco
and is most important to the entire sys
tem.
President Hays wanted to make a com
plete inspection of the local system to
East Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley in
order to find out something about the
lines under his management on this side
of the bay. The Oakland local system Is
the most complex under the control of the
Southern Pacific Company and is one of
the most valuable income producers con
nected with the big railroad.
President Hays left San Francisco on
the 12:30 o'clock boat in company with
General Manager Kruttschnitt, arriving
at the Oakland pier shortly before 1
o'clock. They were met at the pier by
Assistant J}Jvlsion Superintendent ,W. S.
Palmer and Division Trainmaster J. C.
Wilder with a special engine and . one
coach. Division Superintendent James
Agler was not in Oakland and could not
Join the party.
C. M. Hays, the new president of tho
Southern Pacific Company, made his first
visit to Oakland to-day. He spent the
entire afternoon going over the local sys
tem of the road and returned to San
Francisco in the evening.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Jan. 9.
: ; WASHINGTON, ,¦ Jan. 9.— C.L. Vawter,
United States Marshal; at j Nome. Alaska,
has sent his resignation to the President.
He is from Montana.'. F.'K. Richards of
Washington '¦ was : recommended ¦ for . the
vacancy.; -; - J - • - - - .. .
Marshal : at Nome i Resigns.*
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9,-A dispatch
from : Charles W. ; Kindrick, Consul of the
United 'States at Ciudad Juarez. Mexico,'
reports the release of T. W. Lewis;, an
American citlten, an engineer oh the Mex
ican Central Railway, who was arrested
because his train ; ran over and • killed a
Mexican named ¦¦ Jesus Calderon, who had
attempted to make a: coupling. ¦
Engineer Is Released.
Senator Perkins and others of the Cali
fornia delegation appeared before the
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations
to-day in opposition to the Jamaica
reciprocity treaty. Senator Perkins
spoke at length against the provisions of
the treaty, especially as affecting the
citrus' fruit interests of California.
Other hearings will be held before action
la taken on the, treaty, favorable report
of which Is not probable. Senator Per
kins' argument made a great Impression
on the committee, influential members of
which strongly oppose, the ratification of
the treaty. -
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— Postmasters
appointed: Oregon— Edward Rackliff,
Langlols, Curry "County, vice Frank M.
Langlois, resigned.
Washington— J, W. Blackburn, Rldge
fleld, Clark County, vice J. H, Thomas,
resigned.
Pensions issued to-day: California-
Original— Jphn A. Byrnes, dead, Fort
Jones, $8. Increase— Gustavus Locker,
Newhall, $8. Original widows— Bertha
Mollenkopf, San Francisco, $8; Mary L.
Hood, San Francisco, $8.
Washington— Original widows, Rebecca
McCrory, Concord, $8. *
Army orders: Lieutenant Harry H.
Stout has been directed. to go from Santa
Cruz to New York City on business per
taining to the inspection of the manufac
ture of . powders ; Acting Assistant Sur
geon Ira A. Allen, now at San Francisco,
has been assigned , to temporary duty at
the Army and Navy Hospital at Hot
Springs, Ark.; Captain Walter A. Thurs
ton. -Sixteenth Infantry, now on sick
leave at San Francisco, is assigned to re
cruiting duty and acting quartermaster
at New Orleans.
INTERESTS, THE COAST.
Albert Cullen Bray Seems Destined at
Last to Find a Permanent
Home.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 9.— It Is seldom
that a child three years of age is called
upon to have its name changed three
times within a year. Such, however, is
the lot that has fallen to Albert Cullen
Bray.
About a year ago the child's parents
disagreed and a suit for divorce followed.
Mrs. Bray was gTanted a decree on the
ground of cruelty. She was awarded tho
custody of Albert. Shortly afterward
Mrs. Bray consented, to the adoption of
her child by Blanche M. Taylor and the
court entered a decree to that effect. Two
weeks later the father, Archie Bray, filed
a petition asking that the appointment be
revoked. He claimed his consent had not
been obtained and that Mrs. Bray had ex
ceeded her authority In granting the cus
tody of the child to another person.
-By stipulation it was agreed that the
father should take the child. Bray placed
his son under the care of Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Young. ¦- Tho latter became so at
tached to the little one that they decided
to adopt him. The father gave his con
sent and ' a petition was filed asking the
court to make the necessary order.
The petition came up for hearing to-day
before Judge Conrey. The case, waa con
tinued to obtain. the mother's consents It
is thought the mother ¦will consent and
that the child will soon have a permanent
home. . .
Prune Warehouse Collapses.
CHICO, Jan. 9.— The large packing and
warehouse in this city under lease to the
California Fruit Packing Company col
lapsed to-day under the excessive weight
of dried prunes stored in one end of the
building. When the building fell the sides
burst open and many tons of prunes were
scattered on the ground. The damage
will amount to about $3000.
Fire at Marysville.
GRASS VALLEY. Jan. 9— The Wonder
store, Harry Levitt, proprietor, was dam
aged by nre, early this morning. Almost
the entire slock, valued at $15,000, was
ruined. The fire started in the rear of the
main, storeroom; near, a -stove. The loss
is covered by insurance. •¦ > , \-v '.¦¦-
CHILD'S NAME CHANGED,
THRICE IN ONE YEAR
ONE of the most "beautiful cere
monial installations of the season
was that which took place last
night in tho Masonic Temple. It
was the Induction Into office for
the current term of the officers of San
Francisco Consistory No. 1, Ancient and
Accepted Scottish Rite. The ceremony
took place in Commandery Hall in the
presence of about 100 members of the
fraternity, whose emblem is that of the
thirty-second degree of Masonry, the
white and black eagle on the gold and red
cross pendant from the triangle which
bears the figures "32." The officers chosen
for the current term were attired in mag
nificent regalia, which for beauty sur
passes that of the Knights of the Com
mandery. The installing officer was Frank
Koenlg, the retiring venerable master,
assisted by J. L. M. Shetterly, P. V. M..
officiating as marshal of ceremonies. The
ceremony -was most Impressive, and the
delivery of the charges waa listened to
with marked attention. The choir, com
posed of J. R. Ogilvle and Ben Clark
tenors, L. A. Larsen and J. R. Jones
bassos and T..K. Wlttlch organist, sang
appropriate numbers during the installa-
The officers installed are: Frank B.
Ladd, venerable master of the Kadosh;
Frank C. Van Schalck, prior; James A.
Wilson, sub-prior; Charles W. Conlisk.
chancellor; Harry J. ,Lask. minister of,
state; William S. Moses, almoner; Henry
J. Burner, register; Samuel W. Levy,
treasurer; Robert E. Allen, prelate;
Joseph D. Abrams, marshal of ceremonies;
H. J. Grauerholz, expert; George G.
Gould, assistant expert; A. J. de Lamare,
master of the guard, and John d'Arcy,
steward.
The new venerable master is quite a
young man, who has made rapid progress
CAPTAIN KING IS
RELIEVED OP DTJTY
Investigation to Determine Whether
Trial Shall Be by Civil or
Military Court.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— Action was
taken by the War Department to-day in
the case of Captain C. W. King, assistant
quartermaster, U. S. V., recently arrested
at Mobile, Alabama, on the charge of
having accepted a bribe from Mr. Hob
son, the contractor for the construction
of barracks and other buildings at Fort
Morgan, Ala. .
Instructions were sent to General
Brooke, at New York, commanding the
Department of the East, to send an officer
of his department to Mobile at once for
the purpose of investigating the case,
with the view of determining whether
Captain King shall be tried by the civil
authorities or by a court-martial. Colonel
Clous probably will bu sent. An order
also was sent to Captain King relieving
him of nla duties in Alabama,
WILL NOT EXTEND AN
XUVTTATIQN TO McKINI/EY"
"United Confederate Veterans Offer
Gratuitous Insult to the Chief
Executive.
Twenty-Nine Victims.
ATLANTA, Ga,. Jan. 9.— A special from
New Orleans says:. At the meeting of the
camp of the Army of the Tennessee,
United Confederate Veterans, the strong
est of the Confederate associations in.
New Orleans, resolutions offered by Gen
eral Stephen Chalaron, commander of the
camp, protesting against the Inviting of
President McKinley to the Confederate
reunion to be held In Memphis this spring,
were unanimously adopted. General Chal
aron explained that it was understood
that the President would be invited to
Memphis and that the resolution was in
tended simply as a. warning not to do it.
ROCHESTER, N. T.V Jan. 9.— One of the
children burned in the orphan asylum fire
yesterday morning, Allen Belmore, two
years old, died to-day. This was the
twenty-ninth death in the fire.
In Masonry since July 12, 1S92. when he
was made a Mason in Oriental Lodge No.
144 In this city. He became a Royal Arch
Mason October 15, 1S95. in California Chap
ter No. 5s Royal and detect Master in Cal
ifornia Council No. 2. December 1. 1SQ7;
Knight Templar In California Command
ery No. 1, January. 1S07. In the Scottish
Rite he became a Krand elect, perfect
and sublime Mason, fourteenth degree, m
Yerba Buena Lodge of Perfection No. 1.
May 22. 1896; Knight of the Rose St. Crolx
de IL R. D. M.. Ausru3t 21. 1806; Kadosh
in Godfrey de St. Oniar Council No. 1,
December 18, 1S96: was admitted Into tho
Grand Consistory of the State of Califor
nia January 14, 1S97; was elected knight
commander of the court of honor at
Washington, D. C, October 19, ISO); was
installed master of Oriental Lodee in
1S95. venerable maater of Terba Bucna
Lodge of Perfection, A. and A. 8. R., In
1899; master of ceremonies in Godfrey de
St. Omar Council. Knlshts Kadosh. in
1893-90-00-01: marshal of ceremonies in
San Francisco Consistory in 1899, sub-prior
in 1900 and venerable master in 190L
At the close of the Installation. Major
Edwin A. Sherman, on behalf of the Ma
sonic Veterans' Association, presented to
the retiring master, Frank Koenlg; "W. G.
F. Moebus, F, B. Ladd and T. B. Kent
certificates of honorary membership in
the veterans' association. After closing,
those present marched to -the banquet hall,
where an excellent supper was served.
The office of toastmaster was filled by
Frank B. Ladd, who called for responses
to toasts by Major E. A. Sherman. L. J.
W. Pierce of Oakland Consistory, William
S. Moses, Frank Koenle and A. K. Coney
of the Consistory of Mexico. The toast
master also made a few remarks at the
banquet. The quartet rendered a selec
tion from "Rlgoletto," and "Sally In Our
Alley." The solos were "II Pllache." by
J. R. Ogilvte; "The Anchor Weighed," by
Ben Clark: "Toreador." from "Carmen,"
by I* A. Larsen. arid "The Armorer's
Songr,". by J. R. Jones.
GEORGE WEST WILL BE
RETURNED TO AMERICA
Taken to Dawson to Testify in a Case
and Charged With Being Ac
cessory to the Crime.
OTTAWA, Ont., Jan. 9.— The Dominion
Government has had under consideration
the case of George West, alias "Kid"
West, who was broughC from Walla "Wal
la penitentiary, Washington, where ha
was serving a term, to give evidence in a
murder trial In Dawson City. West, af
ter belnR: taken to Dawson, was charged
with being accessory to the murder.
The United States authorities held that he
waa obtained under false pretenses, as the
arrangement was that he was to be re
turned after giving , his evidence. The
Minister of Justice has decided that as
this was the case West ought to be re
turned, and therefore he will be turned
over to the .United States to oe returned
to the penitentiary.
scription: "Members of M. T. A. of Cal.
to Mrs. J. A. WhitcRide. 190L"
FT. HELENA. Jan. 9.-Jacob Graf died
FuddenTy this momir.g of a complication
of heart and lung trouble. Deceased wa?
born in Berne, Switzerland, in 1S38, and
there learned the trade of jeweler. He
came to America in 1*60. In 1SGS he mar
ried Msfs Mary Greimer In Chicago. He
cam.- to St. Helena in 1SS1, and ha.s since
been engaged in the jewelry business
h<-re. Mr. Graf was a member of the local
lodge of Druids and Ivy L«odKe. Knights
of Pytr.ias, of San Francisco. He is sur
vived by his wife and five sons. The fu
rrral will take place In St. Helena on
Friday.
Jacob Graf.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
lacky day of the week. The matter evi
r'oniiy has been brought to tne attention
of Captain Chtstor. for a letter has .lust
r.'H'-n received at the department from him
Tf commending that the Wisconsin be put
in commission on either January 2S or
¦February 4 — both Mondays — instead of
February 1. th« day originally selected.
The Wisconsin will he aligned, tempo
rarily at lea^t. to the Pacific station. Rc-ar
Admiral Ca.«ey will succeed Rear Admiral
Kautz In command of the srjuadron on
the 2«th lnst.. and it is expected that he
will join the flagship Iowa at San Diego
on that date. It will be for him to say
whether the Iowa or the Wisconsin shall
T-e the flagship pf the squadron.
Captain Reiter Recommends That An
other Day Besides Friday Be Chosen.
for Commissioning- Wisconsin.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 9.— Captain Reiter,
who Is supervising work on the new bat
tleship Wisconsin at San Francisco, has
rfrnmmpn^'d that the plan of putting the
thip in commission on the first proximo
be r- considered. When that plan was ar
rnr.pt d th*» fact was overlooked that Feb
r-iaiy l falls on Friday. Old salts say
there is no rocord of a warship boing put
Into active service on that so-called un-
FEARS THAT BATTLESHIP
MIGHT BE TTNXTJCXY
A pleasant feature of the regular meet
ing of the Music Teachers' Association of
California was the presentation of a gold
medal by Madame Ellen Coursen-Roeckel,
president, on behalf of the association ti
the secretary. The form of the medal is
that of a lyre, with a half wreath of lau
rel and stars, and bears the following in-
EXAMINATIONS
ARE TO BEGIN
Tribute to Their Secretary.
Dr. A. W. Small of Chicago
to Address First Stu
dents' Meeting.
Two new professors will begin work
with the current term. Adolph C. Miller,
professor of finajif* in the University of
Chicago, will deliver half a year's lectures
In the place of Professor C. C. Plehn,
now In the Philippines. Charley A. Ko
fold. Ph. D., will be assistant professcr
in histology and embryology. For tho
last five years he has been connected with
the University of Illinois.
The first university meeting of the term
•*viil be held In the gymnasium Friday
morning. January U, at 11:15 o'clock. Dr.
Albion Woodbury Small, professor of so
ciology in the University of Chicago, will
address the students. President Wheeler
will also speak on topics of interest to
college life.
Registration will bn hold In the gym
nasium from 8 a. m. to 4:30 p. m.. January
14. All officers of instruction will keep
office hours on that day from 9:30 a. m.
until noon.
They will be in Eng'.ish 1 and A, algebra
3, Latin 6 and French 15a. On Friday
matriculation examinations will com
mence half an hour earlier and be held in
plane geometry 4. Greek 8, English 14.
Latin 7, drawing 16 and government of
the United States 5. On Saturday, Jan
uary 12, matriculation examinations will
be conducted in Gre^k and Roman history
10. chemistry 12b, mediaeval and modern
history 13. Greek 9, holid geometry 12al,
plane trigonometry 12a2. advanced algebra
12a3 and 12a4. botany 12c, zoology 12d,
physics 11 and German lib.
Matriculation examinations to-morrow
¦will commence at 9 o'clock in South Hall.
BERKELEY, Jan. 9. — The University of
California will open to-morrow with ex
aminations for the removal of matricula
tion deficiencies or conditions in courses.
On Monday the students will register for
the term's work.
Mrs. Thomas Snodgrass.
WATSONVILLE, Jan. 9.— Mrs. Thomas
EnodgTass, a resident of Watsonville since
1S54. died to-day.
Sir Robert Dickson.
BTDNET. IC. 8. TV.. Jan. ».— Sir Robert
Dickson, Minister cf Defense in the new
Federal Cabinet, died to-day.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9.— John B. Lalnf, b«
!!v©d to have been the oldest Free
mason In the United States, died here to
*iay, aped 100. Lalng Joined the order in
Scotland In 1S20. -sy."J
John B. T«a1ng.
BAN ANDREAS. Jan. &.— John Huberty,
a pioneer miner and farmer of this county,
passed away at his home yesterday near
Fan Andreas. He leaves ten children. De
ceased was 72 years of age and a widower.
John. Huberty.
PETERBORO. N. IL. Jan. 3.—Congress
man Frar.k Clark died at his home to
right of quick conpumption. Clark had
been a candidate for United States Sen
ator to succeed Chandler, but withdrew
a few days ago.
TOPEKA. Kan., Jan. 9.-Z. L. Wise of
IT'jtohinson, one of the newly elected
members of the Legislature, died here
th;s evening. Mr. Wise was taken sick
Immediately after arriving here and was
unable to attend a session of the House.
?
Congressman Frank Clark.
Z.* L. Wise.
Thoxn£S J. Dexter.
TVOODL.AXD, Dec. 5.— Thomas Jefferson
Drxter, a pioneer, aged TO years, and a
r.ative of Canada, died this morning. . His
parents were the first white people to in
habit Amhnv, Lee County, Illinois. De
cf-ased has been a resident of California
sir.ee IMS.
Thomas J. Dexter.
BERKELEY. Jan. S.— Mrs. Catherine
Ray Wickson died !ast evening at the
home of her son. Professor E. J. Wickson
<-f the University of California, at 2T23
Bancroft way. The deceased was born in
Calcutta. India, years ago. She was
the wife of G. GAVickson Sr., and mother
Of Mr?. A. A. Allworth pt Rozwell. Wash
ington, and E. J. and G. G. Wickson of
th:s city. *
Mrs. Catherine R. Wickson.
Association of California will convene In
Woodland on Wednesday, January 16.
SAXTA BARBARA, Jan. ».— The Board of
Supervisors to-day rats«d t&» oounty liquor
license from ilOO to IZ'JQ.
Hardware Men to Meet
WOODLAND. Jan. 9.— The Hardware
SANTA BARBARA. Jan. 9.— Three men
were injured In the "Whitehead water
tunnel In the llontedto hills thiB morning:
by an explosion of gas that had collect
ed in the inner end. The victims are Con
tractor Smitherell. his father and a labor
er. The tunnel runs several hundred feet
into the heart of the hills. The men hnd
entered with a lighted candle. They were
severely but not dangerously burned.
I*arg« Djal in Oil Shares.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 9.— The largest
sale in the history of, the OH Exchange
took place this morning. H. P. Wendt
Fold 30,000 share* of Reed Crude to. Col
onel J. B. Neville, the price paid being
71 certs a share. It is understood the
real buyer in the r transaction is W. E. do
Groot.
Explosion in a Tunnel.
SAUSALJTO. Jan. 3.— Frank Weise,
aged 45, was found dead to-day In a resi
dence which he was In charge of here.
The place is owned by Mrs. L. B. Smith of
919 Powell street. San Francisco. She
came to Sausallto to inspect the residence,
and, failing to get any response to re
peated knocking, broke opeji the door and
found Welse dead in bed. An autopsy
will be made to-morrow at San Rafael. -
Found Dead in Bed.
The steamEhlp Skarpano, for which fear
was expressed on account of her long
voyage, having* left Portland November
9, reached Yokohama December 25. She
was caught in a heavy southeast gale,
and, running short of coal, put back to
Benin Island, where she received wood
and obtained fifty tons oi* coal in ex
change for flour from a Japanese steam
ship.
Japanese Craft at Sea.
VICTORIA, B. C. Jan. 9.-News is
brought by the steamship Empress of
Japan that tho steamship Doric, while
bound to Yokohama on December 17,
found the Japanese ship Shoyetsu Maru,
which had been blown to sea by typhoons,
with all Its canvas gone and in a water
logged condition. There was but one day's
food for the crew .when, rescued by the
Doric • ¦':
Steamer Doric Finds a Water-I«ogg«d
RESCUES A SHIP'S CREW.
SAN JOSE,. Jan. 9.— The California
Cured Fruit Association to-day reduced
the premium on large sizes of prunes and
the price of smaJl sizes below 100. This
action was taken in pursuance of in
struction? given by the directors at the
secret meeting held here- last week. No
reduction is made below the basis price
of 3 cents for eighties, and no reduction
at all is made in the four sizes.
The new prices are: 20 to 30, 10 cents;
30 to 40. 7 cents; 40 to 50, €Y* cents; 50 to
60. 4*4 cents; 100 to 120, 1\± cents.
Provision is made for a rebate in cash
to all jobbers having stocks on hand pur
chased at former prices. Also permission
is given to packers to allow a cash re
bate of lVj cents on all orders for cash
or sight draft with bill of lading on ar
rival and inspection. This applies to all
purchasing regardless of amount. No
change has been made In differentials for
foreign trade, and the management says
none will be made.
California Cured Fruit Asso
ciation.
Action Tak*n by Managers of the
REDUCES PBEMXTJM ON
LARGE SIZES OF PRUNES
HENRY C. LUHR. SENTENCED
TO A LONG TERM IN COLO
RADO PENITENTIARY.
MARIH COUNTY ENTERS
AS AN OXL-PF.ODUCES
Plant Installed and Company Com-
mences Operations at the Bo-
Unas Bay Fields.
Work will be commenced to-day at Bc
linas which. If predictions are realized,
will place Marin County well up on th-i
list of oil-producing sections. Just
around Point Bonita, on the inner en 1
Of Duxbury Reef, where Bolinas is con
nected by a narrow channel with th»
ocean, a gang of well-borers will drill.
For some time experts have been study-
Ing the lands about Bolinas. and their re
ports have been of such a nature that
operation was ordered commenced.
An organization known ad the Bollnaa
Bay Oil Company has been Incorporated
and ha3 under its control 1200 acres of
land back of Bolinas. F. E. NeUon is the
general manager of the concern, and he
will direct the work of the borers who
have been sent from this city to search
for the valuable fluid.
The company has already Installed a
costly plant, and the machinery has been
tried and found satisfactory.
Every member of the concern has thor
oughly investigated the surroundings, anl
It is thought that the results will fully
reach expectations within a reasonable
time.
Those who have given much time to
the project declare that Marin Counly
will produce a paying flow of oil after h.
boring of 500 feet. If success attends Its
first effort the company will continue to
explore its property and increase its
force of men. People In the vicinity of
the lands of the company are awaiting
with interest the advancement of the
work. With their favorable surroundin ;»
and nearness to the metropolis these oil
fields have .unusual advantages, and m
new and paying industry is looked for in
the early future by the residents of the
picturesque county across the bay.
NEW YORK. Jan. 9.— More sensational
developments occurred to-day In the In
vestigation of the Bellevue scandals. It
Is rumored that eight of the Mills Train
ing School nurses resigned and more will
follow. The nurses give as a reason for
resigning the attitude of Commissioner
Keller toward them. If the other twelve
resignations occur It will make a total of
forty-one nurses who have left the train
ing school since the Investigation started.
Jesse R. Davto. Clinton L. Marshall and
Edward C. Dean, the nurses of the In
sane pavilion at Bellevue. who w»re In
dicted for manslaughter for the killing of
Louis H. Hllliard. an Inmate of the in
sane pavilion, pleaded not guilty to-day
and were released on <5000 ball each, fur
nished by Ogden Mills.
Three Nurses Who Were Indicted for
Manslaughter Are Released on
Bond Furnished by Ogden
Mills.
Report That Eight Training
School Nurses Have
Resigned.
MORE SENSATIONS
AT BELLEVUE
NEW YORK, Jan. ?.— Robert Bryan.
«.liaa "Sailor Bob." alias "Jack Harris,"
wanted in PhiladelpJiia for complicity In
the murder there on Friday last of the
Rev. Father Riogel. a prominent priest
of the Roman Catholic church, was ar
rested In this city to-night. Bryan has
a saloon on North Eighth street, Phila
delphia. When he was arrested to-r.ight
ho made a. confession to Oii>tain Titus
of the detective bureau implicating sev
eral others, whose names were not di
vulged. The story told by Captain Titus
concerning- Bryan's confession is that on
Friday niglit last there went to Bryan's
1'Ipcc a mar., whose name Bryan give?,
but which Is withheld by Captain Titus,
accompanied by three companions, one a
prifst. Bev. Father Riogel. The latter
was very much Intoxicated. Later the
men gave the priest powerful drugs and
robbed him.
riULADELPHIA. Jan. ?.— The body of
the Rev. Father Charles Riopel of the
Church of the Presentation of Chelten
ham, which was found in the hallway of
a. lodpinp-house at 4M North Eigntn
Mrc«-t last Saturday morning, was not
Identified until Sunday morning, ar.d great
mystery surrounded the c:ist-.
Father Riogel tvas buried to-day. Over
fifty priests attended the funeral, the ex
ercises being held at tho church of which
he was the pastor. Solemn requiem ma^s
was held, I?:shop Prenderc&St officiating.
Prisoner Robert Bryan, Alias ''Sailor
Bob," Alias Jack Harris, Was
Arrested in the City of
Philadelphia.
Confesses to Have Used
Drugs for the Purpose
of Robbery.
FATHER RIOGEL'S
SLAYER CAUGHT
OAKLAJCD. Jan. 9.— United States
Secret Service Agent Haven has
received notice that Henry ¦ C.
Luhr, alias Elmer C. Cole, has
been sentenced In a Denver court
to ten years* imprisonment. Luhr is an
Oakland young man and his parents re
side here. He served as a private in the
Cuban campaign, and when he returned
to Oakland he wore a lieutenant's uniform
and made his way into society. Inciden
tally he forged several checks and victim
ized half a dozen Oakland jewelers, but
before he was found out he disappeared.
He turned up next in Denver, Colorado,
when? he pretended to be Lieutenant Kl
roer C. Cole, pent by the AVar Department
to buy a carload of rr.ules for service In
the Philippines. After ho left Denver sev
eral (hecks that he had negotiated wero
dif=cover«-d to be foraenes. The secret
service agents wore put on his trail to ap
prehend him for falselv impersonating in
officer »nd he was finally arrested at Cas
tle Rock. Colorado, whither he had fled
from Denver on a stolen horse. The
charge of impersonailnc an officer was
dropped after Luhr had been convicted of
prand larceny.
EX-SOLDIER LUHR
GETS TEN YEARS
For, Impersonating an Officer
and Forging Cheeks.'
Says That While, the Encounters May
Be Called "Boxing Matches,"
They Ara Against the
Law.
-4 — :
NEW YORK, Jan. 9.— In his charge to
the Grand Jury at Paterson, N. J., Jus
tice Dlxon directed the attention of the
jurors to "boxing matches" and instruct
ed them to bring indictments. He said:'
"It Is regarded as a sort of common
sport in the various sections of the coun
try, and perhaps Passalc County is *not
free from that sport. It is a demoralising
influence and there are certainly quite
enough of, those influences in the com
munity, and those to whom the enforce
ment of the laws Is intrusted cannot dis
charge their duty better than by exercis
ing whatever power they have in the sup
pression of those various Influences, Our
statutes render prize fighting a misde
meanor not only by those who actually
encage In the fight, but in all those who
aid and abet It. and all those who volun
tarily witness It. Now these encounters
do not go by the name of prize fights.
They are known as 'boxing 1 matches,'
•displays of pugilistic skill,' and things of
that sort. There Is no doubt there may
be a boxing match which is not a prize
fight, but, so far as my Information goes,
none of these exhibitions of fistic skill
are anything else than prize fights, for
the object of those who engage In them—
the object of each— is to disable each oth
er, and whenever that is the object it
is a tight, call It by whatever name you
will. It Is the characteristic of -a fight
that two men engage in an effort with
their hands to injure each other. So that
if you find evidence of such exhibitions
anywhere within the county it would be
your plain duty to indict the participants
engaged In the encounter, those who have
aided and abetted it, and those who have
voluntarily witnessed It. I trust that in
this matter you will do your duty."
CARNEGIE MAY PRESIDE
OVER GOLF ASSOCIATION
Among the Possible Candidates to Be
Selected by the Nominating
Committee.
NEW YORK. Jan. 9.-0. W. Bird of the
Meadowbrook Hunt Club,' C. W. McDon
ald of the Chicago Golf Club and R. E.
Griscom of the Merlon Cricket Club of
Philadelphia has been chosen as the nom
inating committee of the United States
Golf Association. They will report thirty
days prior to the annual meeting. It is
not expected they will make much of a
change from the present list of officers
other than to select a new president to
take the place of Washington B. Thomas
of the IJrookllne Country -Club, who de
clines a renomlnatlon. Among those
named for tha presidency are Andrew
Carnegie, now an active member of tho
St. Andrews Golf Club; R. H. Williams of
the Morris County Golf Club and H. B.
Holllns of the Westbrook Golf Club.
ROOSEVELT ON" PRIZE-FIGHTING
Says There Are But Few Honest
v Pugilists.
CHICAGO. Jan. 9.— Vice President-elect
Roosevelt, in an interview on prize-fight
ing, published in the Tribune, said:
"Boxing might have been going on In
New York right now Jf the men who had
charge of the clubs' had handled them
with care. They made a mistake by not
stopping contests when they had become
brutal or when It was manifest. to all
that one of the contestants had no possi
ble chance of winning." .-.•>
He cited the JetTries-Sharkey bout,
which he said "should have been stopped
at the end of the twenty-third round, as
it became brutal after that and Sharkey
had no chance."
Governor Roosevelt characterized the
McCoy-Corbett fight as a "sell-out." and
added that "there are only a few honest
lighters."
BE VISED FOOTBALL RULES,
School Superintendent Advises a
Physical Examination.
CHICAGO, Jan. 9.— Superintendent of
Schools E. G. Coole--- tr> whom the Board
of Education assigned the task of revising
tho rules of football, will recommend that
a coach be employed for every public
school football team. In addition he will
recommend that no football player be
permitted to become a member of a school
team unless he has the written consent of
his parents and is able to stand a thor
ough physical examination.
Mr. Cooley said that only men who
knew every detail of the game and were
perfect gentlemen should be selected for
coaches. He favored paying salaries if
necessary.
JEFF HARD AT WORK.
Starts in by Lively Bouts With His
Brother and His Trainer.
NEW YORK, Jan. 9. — Champion Jeffries
has opened his Loch Arbor training quarr
ters at Allenhurst, N. J., . and to-day
started In on a regular preparatory sys
tem of work for his forthcoming battle
with Ruhlln. With him la his brother
Jack and Bob Armstrong, with both of
whom he had a bout, finishing with a
brisk run on the ocean beach.
Speaking of bis future movements while
training, Jeffries says he has no Intention
of leaving New JerBey on account of the
climate and establishing training quarters
In any section of the country.
New Jersey Judge Instructs
the Grand Jury to
lDulCt.
PRIZE FIGHTS
UNDER THE BAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, JANUARY 1O, 1901.
FRANK B. LADD, VENERABLE MASTER OF THE KADOSH, SAN
FRANCISCO CONSISTORY NO. 1. ANCIENT AND ACCEPTED SCOT
TISH RITE. HE WAS INDUCTED INTO OFFICE LAST NIGHT.
9
GRAPE-MTTTS.
WISE LANDLADY.
Understands How to Increase Her
Business.
The landlady of a certain restaurant la
Brockton, Mass., has Increased her bUKl-
r.ess so rapidly that fihe has hajd to en-
large her dining-room to .accommodate
the continually increasing patronage. One
of her *ruests elves the reason.
"Every morning she serves her regular
"jru'ests with Grape-Kcts and hot milk or
hot cream in cold weather, and cold cream
In eummer. I began eating this food and
right away began to feel an Improvement
in my health. I had been terribly trou-
bled with nervousness and dyspepsia and
found It impossible to find a food that
would agree •with me, until I began board-
ins at this restaurant.
"Tnr» new food, in four months, in-
creased my weight from 120 pounds to 143
and I never felt as wt'l In my life aa I
do row. There is sorr/etbing remarkable
In the Fustainine power of this food. I
have never been able to obtain such re-
cults from any other." G. R. Hersey. 30
L. ttreet. Brockton. Mass.THE SAX >FBAyCISCO ; CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 10, 1901.
10
EDUCATIONAL.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has post-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract,
. and can therefore with confidence I guarantee
positions to all lta graduates. 305 Larkln Bt.
MISS M.G.' BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system.- 302 Montgy.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand: Pitman sys-
tem; private lessons by an experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL. 126 Kearny St.. r. 53.
MONEY. advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from $1 to $1000. at UNCLE HARRIS".
la Grant ave. ¦ * '.>
FRENCH.Spanlsh.etc.Prof.DeFllippe'sAcademy
of languages, 320 Post; estab' dlS71; ablest profs.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing Bookkeep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 > Mission, nr. 6th.
VISITING governess; English branches, plane
and bookkeeping; DOc a lefson. Box 747. Call.
TKACHERS' Agcy, A. McNiell,Mgr.,r. II, Flood
bldg. ; high school, grammar, private teachers.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTdN'S DAT and
ILLUSTRATION: night class. 424 Finest. ¦
EMI'LOYilEXT OFFICES..
JAPANESE responsible housecleaning co. : est.
1570; practical recommend; try them; removed
to 419 Devlsadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters andwhouse servants. GEO.
AOJvI & CO., 4M Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 626 O'Farrell at; teL Hyde 219L
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main S188.
A B C EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. S44 California; phone Jamea 2601.
OltPHEUM Employment Officer-Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; teLBlack5072.
CHINESE and Japanese, Employment Office—
Best help. 411^4 O'Karrelr st. ; tel. East 426.
E.MPLOY.MEXT WANTED FEMALE.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman
as child's nurse. Address Nurse, 1223 Bush
st, city; rear house:,
GERMAN jfirl wants place for housework; la
good cook; wages. $20 to $25. Address box
1CS8. Call office.
•AMERICAN middle-aged woman wishes place
to do plain cooking; a girl of 11 years witn
her. 14 Pearl st.
RELIABLE woman desires position as Janltress
or -working housekeeper; pood references. V.
G., 4 Vernon place, off Folaom st.
WORKING housekeeper wants a position; Ger-
man; neat and tidy. Call at 1646 Market St.;
city preferred.
A STRONG young Danish girl would like a
place by the day, washing or housecleaning;
very cheap. 7 De Boom st. off Second.
RELIABLE middle-aged woman wishes posi-
tion to do light housework. Apply MRS.
N. N. BELL, International Hotel.
A YOUNG woman lately, from the East wants
a position as housekeeper: only those meaning
business need answer. Box 1005. Call office.
GIRL of 14 wishes a place to care for a child
or assist. Please call at 33 Juniper St., off
Folsom. .
WOMAN wants position; is .good cook or will
do any other work. 246 Third st.
A LADY wishes a position to do store and of-
fice cleaning. Ad. Florist 14 Hayes Rt., city.
AN experienced dressmaker and ladles' tailor,
only $1 50 a day, desires work by the day in
families; city... or -country. Box 1016. Call.
REFINED young woman as nurse to children:
will assist chamberwork; experienced; New
York families; country prefd. Box 1069, Call.
A WOMAN wants work by the day washing.
235 Twenty-ninth st.
WIDOW with a child wishes position as work-
Ing housekeeper. Address MRS. KITTIE
HICK, Colusa, Cal.
NEAT German girl wishes housework in Ger-
man family. Call 1421 Mission 6t.
BORROW money of the respectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $160 night, $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. v
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
A GERMAN man and wife; 4 years last place.
.Apply MRS. NORTON, Swedish and German
Employment Bureau, 813 Sutter st
A STEADY reliable young man wants Job run-
ning ripsaw or planer; some experience on
sticker; 9 years in lumber business, 3 in mill;
stranger In city, so will expect Email wages
- to start; no /objection to country Job. Box
1080, Call office.
RELIABLE! middle-aged man wishes position;
Is a horsa doctor; understands gardening,
carpenter work, painting, etc. ; can do any
kind of work around private residence. Ad-
dress ISAAC BLOOM. 4S East st
WANTED — A thoroughly experienced station-
ary engineer, mining or lumber mill, wanta
situation; 10 years' experience in shop as
lathe hand and bench; 14 years as engineer.
Address L. H., 884 Fourth st., San Francisco.
SALESMAN wants position In country store;
best of city references; has been 15 years in
the last , two situations. Address box 954,
Call office. ' '- - -
EMPLOYMENT wanted by young man . ex-
perienced in' hardware, stoves, tinware,
agate-ware, china and crockery ware; city or
„ country. R. WOLF. 646 Folsom st
YOUNG man wishes position In retail mercan-
tile house; dry grocery preferred; references
given; only those meaning business reply.
Box 1089. Call office. ¦¦
CUTTER, flrst-clase. Just arrived from tha
East, wanta position with a tailoring firm in
city or healthy town in Cal. Box 981, Call.
DRUMMER, with city and country experience,
wants engagement: reference from last em-
ployer; country preferred.. Box 1078. Call.
PAINTER, paperhanger and whitener would
like to work for estate, hotel or Institution;
has his own tools. , Box 1071, Call office.
WANTED— By a young man, a position of any
.kind; country preferred. Box 10CO, Call office.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS, 16
Grant ave. *
COOK, thoroughly competent, Armenian young
man, wishes employment in private family as
all-round cook: steady, temperate and refer-
ences. Box 1065, Call. . .,-
GARDENER wants situation, private place;
understands hothouse, gasoline engine; do
chores, clean windows: references.. Address
Gardener, 629 Sacramento st., room 92.
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady
position. Address : H. KD3HL, N«w Atlantlo
Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave.
A HOLLANDER, nurseryman and florist age
2S, would like position in nursery or. private
place; 12 years' experience. Box 1056,' Call.
GENTLEMAN of address and business ability,
good accountant, will accent any opening
where advancement will follow. Box 1054, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS shoemaker would like to get
a steady position; is thoroughly sober man;
city or country. Box 1087, Call offloe. .
RBLI ABLE middle-aged man 1 wishes position
In butcher shop or hotel; willing to assist in
kitchen; has had experience. Box 1038, Call.
GARDENER, understands hothouses,' etc.,
wishes place. Address box 1047. Call office.
A PRACTICAL, up-to-date machinist and tool-
maker desires to take charge of manufactur-
lng plant. Box 989, Call office.
FEATHER PILLOWS.
i HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
1 * 1681 sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevacson et
FLATS TO , LET. "
< T SJ?£r? ew fl ats on Buchanan st., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave. ; 6 and «
r^S} S ?- nd xi b TT tb , : r,SU.J t r h S late8t Improvements.
-Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
T0 , tet-LOWER.Iat of 4 rooms i rent $10. 1002
; McAllister st: Apply Q. H. UMBSBN & ca
14 Montgomery st. ¦ - , ; • '
IF you want to move get printad list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.-
M P, DEI ! N "at; 8 rooms, , bath; good order. 11M
Howard st., near Seventh. - :
NKW;flat 4 large sunny rooms; water free.* 22
- bumner at., off Howard, i near ' Eighth. >
J1^F 0 ?i lj l? E , of / 3 , rooms. 134 Rose
favia '* i° C ?l - Market St., Gough and Oo-
3 ROOMS and hall to let at 14 Bruce place, off
Folsom st. between Seventh; and Eighth: *$9.
_SS5&2! S*J rooms - - 244 Harriet St.. : between
and Seventh.' Harrlaon and Bryant. >--. ¦>¦¦;>
J7^h"^«v, nat T S on , VI(Stor «•• ott Bryant bet
-.. .tn and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant
- ? FLATi * ,?»< LIST-— FUKSISHBI).
FURNISHED. fiat.- 5 roi.ma and bath gas and
ccal Btovea: *22 50. 2MB Octavla st. *
'-'- ...:..'.' FLATS x WAN TED. ¦.'./.'-¦;¦„ "
W^l TE P~ Nlcel 7 *um»shed flat aboat 7 rooms,
w »th piano, wl&ila Powell. Market, FiJlrnorJ
. and Sutter. Box , 10S«. Call offlcS, " - *
_r^ ¦ '. ¦¦¦ . F URN ITXJRE FOR SALE. '
FURNITURE for I saleHFlat to Iet7~6 rooms!
* bath, yard. 3670 Seventeenth st, near Guor-
rero;. apply 9 to 11 a.« m. .
4 1 ROOMS furnished in oak $48 40. with No. 7
range. .. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1303 Larkln; tel. Polk 534;
. furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
, vFURXITCRE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for fur., carpets, etc..
see W. E. COPY. 757 Mission. teL Red 3383.
CHAS. | LEVY buys ytiur furniture, carpets,
, pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 76L,
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
C. R HANSEN & CO. ... . . . Grant 185
;.,- .."......HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...t
, 2 flrst-claES ' waitresses, Los Angeles, $20, free
fare ; head ¦ waitress, city, $25 ; 10 waitresses
for first-class commercial hotels, $20; 4 wait-
resses, city. $20: 5 chambermaids to wait, city
and country. $20;' German chambermaid, $20;
waitress for helps' hail, $20; pantry girl, $20.
.......FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
2 young house girls, fl5 each, places near to-
gether; German or Scandinavian house girl to
assist in bakery. $20, Sausalito; cook and sec-
ond, $56; nurse girl, $15; others. C. R. HAN-
' BEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— HOTEL Gazette, 26 Montgomery, room 12.
Chambermaids, south. $20, free fare; 3 laund-
resses, new city hotel. N
S ACTIVE young ladles (native daughters pre-
ferred) for subscription department. "Cali-
fornia," COS Clay st.
WANTED— German girl to take care of baby;
must understand sewing: Call with reference
at : 3232 '. Jackson ; st.
GIRL wanted for general housework and cook-
Ing; 2 in- family; references; call 9 to 12.
1415 Van Ness ave. ~
WANTED— Good German girl; general house-
work and cooking; small family. 713& Treat
avenue. -
COMPETENT .upstairs girl to assist with 2
grown children. 1813 Washington st.
HOUSEKEEPER; must be good plain cook;
small family. 16 Devlsadero st.
WANTED— First-class milliners; splendid city
position; good salary. Box 10S2. Call office.
GIRL for housework from 10 to 4:30; $S; car-
fare one way. 1511 Baker st.
YOUNG girl to wait at table. 136 Second st
YOUNG girl for light housework; care of baby;
call before noon. 1534 Guerrero st.
WANTED— First-class apprentice on custom
coats. 222 Kearny st.
APPRENTICE girls on custom coats; paid
while learning. 126 Ruse st. .
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats; good
wages. Box 1074. Call office.
WANTED— Good girl for cooking and general
housework; good wageB. Call at 3601 Claj st
FINISHERS on custom pants. 164 Rusa st,
between Sixth and Seventh, near Folsom.
WANTED— Cook for ! small restaurant 340
Sutter st. .. ..- ' . „ ;
W ANTED— Girl for housework in small family.
321A Fremont st.
FINISHER: one^ who understands making
hand-made buttonholes. 2130 Fillmore st
WANTED — First-class chambermaid and wait-
ress. 1020 Van Ness ave., Hotel Montrose.
OPERATORS, finishers, apprentice on cus-
tom coats; take Unlon-st car. 2912 Lyon st.
A LADY of Indomitable energy,, possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to right par-
,ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
paintings; secrecy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant av.
BUTTONHOLE makers, operators, finishers
and apprentices on coats, vests and pants.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.;
call upstairs.
EXPERIENCED operators on knitting ma-
chines. Apply to J. J. PFISTER KNITTING*
CO.. 412 Polk St., near McAllister, San Fran-
cisco.
OPERATORS on shirts and overalls; Inex-
perienced instructed. HEYNEMANN & CO..
410 Mission st. -
SWISS or German waitress; wages $20 to $25:
/must be competent to handle business; good
homo. ' 426 Geary St., Home Bakery. ¦¦
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Ap-
ply 1305 Cough st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply
2228 Clay St.. corner Buchanan.
ELDERLY German Catholic woman, house-
work; no washing; must room elsewhere; $19.
7S2 Fulton st.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 p. m? this evening.
WANTED— Ironer who has worked In small
laundries. Standard Laundry, 114 Hayes st
WANTED— Girl to tend office and assist In
laundry. Standard Laundry, 114 Hayes st
FIRST-CLASS waist hands, 121 Post st,
room 8. •
WANTED — An experienced waitress In restau-
. rant 113 Turk st.
SEWING machine operators wanted at Levi
Strauss & Co-'s overall factory, 32% Fremont
st Apply to MR. DAVIS. « -
A YOUNG German girl as second girl : must
assist the cook with wn idling; wages $20. 245
Chestnut at, between Dupont and Kearny.
EXPERIENCED bindery girl wanted. MY-
SELL, ROLLINS & CO.. 22 Clay st
LADIES wishing to marry good - men call or
write MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis at : no charges.
HELP WANTEO-MALB.
A— MURRAY &~READY.. ....^Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. ' M. TO-DAY
8 pruners, large orchard company
-6 prunera, • orchards and vineyards....
.$25 and $32 50 and found
Gsrdener, private place ..........$25 and found
4 farmers and plow teamsters.... $26 and found
Painter for institution Cabinet maker
Man for coal yard .¦ .....Chore boys!
Young man for office work city; 75 woodchop- i
pers and tlemakers; bookkeeper and sten-
ographer, country.
A— HOTEL AND LAUNDRY HELP
Washer and starcher, country .¦....,,;
Cook, chop ' house, country.... ..$12 week
3 waiters, same country hotel. ...$25 and found
- First and second bakers .$60. $40 and $30
¦MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
Coachman and gardener with references, $35;
coachman and wife aa cook/ Nevada, $50.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef. $100; assistant cook, hotel. $48;
washer, country laundry, $30 to $35; mangier,
hotel laundry, $25; waiter, hotel, Nevada, $40;
3 waiters, country hotel, $25. ¦
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. :... 104 Geary at
A CORRESPONDENT familiar with Eastern
and coast trade in dried and canned fruits,
salmon and provisions; salary to commence
$125. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary gt.
A— WANTED for mining boarding-house, cook,
second and • dishwasher, $120; gardener, coun-
try, $25; driver, milk, wagon, $50; German
third • waiter, $20; office boy for wholesale
house; cook,- $12 a week; 'lunch waiter, $3 60
a week. .W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay Bt
A — HOTEL GAZETTTB, 26 Montgomery, room 13.
Second ¦ cook for Arizona, $50. free fare both '
ways; chef, $90; young man A helper In coun-
try hotel dining-room, $15; waiters, country,
hotel, $30. . :•-¦..:.-. - • . ¦ .- -
A MAN to buy a route. Call at MISS CUL- !
LEN'S. 325 Butter St.. . ¦¦ . '
JOURNEYMEN Barbers* International Union—
Fiea employment; only recognized union. 115
'Turk; tel. Folsom 1683. I. LESS," Secretary.
BARBERS' Progresslx-a Union— Free employ-
ment H. Bernard, sec..' 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
BUTCHER wanted ; rood* outter; •:. references.
Apply Waller and Shrader sts., take Halght-
st. car. . :\ . ,.-. -,.-.¦•-.'¦
WANTED— Young man, 18 to 1$ yean old; ex-
perienced wrapper, retail dry goods. Address
H. L.. box 107a.. Call office.: . .
.WANTED — Salesman, one familiar ' with city
retail grocery trade; references and. last em-
ployer. Box 1073, Call office., ' ,
16o BARBER shop. In one '- of the best stands
. in .Western Addition at a sacrifice; call lm-
mediately. STOLZ. 63« Market st. ¦
BARBER wanted; go to work Monday; $17 a
week..- 6 Market -at' : •_/ "-,.-,
BARBER; wanted .for' steady , work. , FRITZ, i
: 1128 J st., ... Sacramento, CaL . ¦ -.- .- <•• .••-
BARBER to buy half interest In paying barber
shop. W. FRITZ,: 1128 J st. Sacramento.
YOUNG -men ;' wanted V to - help in saloon. 31 i
.: • Fifth' Bt. ->;¦-> :/¦¦ ¦ ;" ' .... -;¦¦¦¦¦-. .¦¦.-.. ¦ - ¦ i
WANTED— A 'good first-class dinner- waiter at i
'304 Mason at. ; wages $3 50 a week.
GET * your shoes 1 half-aoled ' while : -waiting ; 25c
'to BOc, 6G2 Mission ' at., :bet. 1st and 2d sta.
'AN experienced young, man "Job compositor. 18
¦; , Fremont «t.3X-: .. • -; V. ;.. -' '- . ' . /¦ : :
DISHWASHER '.wanted. ; 969 Howard; st.
EOY wanted 1 to i. learn ~ pants *- pressing. 253& '
. : Stevenson st. , • between Third and Fourth. '
WANTED— Porter ', ; for :". saloon. ' l Call at 109
¦- PoweU st.. ¦ The California. ; ; f . .
WANTED— By large ahlppliw '? bouaa, expert,
enoed cable ; clerk, r Addresi Inuaedlatdr *\ax
1043. ¦« Call, •fllcev* . v;.v -v
HELP WAKTED— HALE.
HOW TO OBTAIN
A COMPETENCY IN THE
BUSINESS OF LIFE INSURANCE.
Address JNO. I. D. BRISTOL.
No. 1 Madison Avenue.
New York - City.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— Man who understands nursery work
and Jobbing gardening.- SOP Hsight St.,
BELLBOY, young man wanted; first-class
club. Address box 1077, CaM office.
ANY amount to loan on your diamonds; low
interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
"WANTED— A first-class stove mounter. Apply
at STEIGER & KERR. 350 Main st.
LTJNCH waiter; male. 17 Washington st.
UNDERPRESSERS on pants. BELASCO &
• HARRIS CO.. 541 Market rt.; call upstalre.
BARBERS— Good paying shop for -sale, 2Gn
Powell st. ; trial given.
BOY to go errands and help- around store.
2216 Fill more st
MANUFACTURER wants dress goods, corset
and trimmings salesman: salary and commis-
sion. Experience and reference to box 103'j.
Call office.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
8. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men cf good
character, between the ages of 21 and, 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over « feet
1 inch In height: able to read, write and
speak English. For further Information a&-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis
St., San Fraqclsco. Cal. *
WANTED— A solicitor of high grade who can
present a high class proposition to selected
individuals; no canvassing; high pay for
right man. Room 5. 5 Market st.
ilEN wanted to learn 'barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
inducements; catalogue . free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Thirl St. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. £62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
LADY or gentleman wanted; neat appearance;
security required. Box 1009. Call office.
15o BARBER shop; choice location; Market at.;
first-class trade; bargain. Box 1029, Call.
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm, 806 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard st.,
S. F. Barber School.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bna and baggagp to and from ferry.
l -u-^-:---^il l [:ill'^!!. r l !51 1^- ?V^;
ANY case of Piles. Piles, Piles, Piles; 7>ver~2OO
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be interviewed;
no surgery, ealves or ointments; no interfer-
ence with business durlnc treatment. For fur-
ther pprtlculars add. Physician, box 1930. Cali.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc — -For Sale
HORSES AND MULES.
Last few days of saJe of German Government
horses and mules; grand opportunity to get
good horses at ' reasonable price; horses from
$20 up; mules from $50 up. Baden horse ranch,
at end of San Mateo electric line.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
PTTLT-TVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HOUSES TO j JLET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
DRY, warm, comfortable B-room house for $8.
1559 Kearny St., naar Greenwich.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
TO lease for 2 years or more— Nice sunny resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath, furnished; largo
dining room, suitable for a large family or
private boarding house. 354 Grove St.. 3 blocks
from City Hall; $50.
WANTED— Small, neat. - completely furnished
flat: centrally located; about $30 per month.
Box 1079, Call office.
1VVALID CHAIRS A>'D TRICYCLES.
SOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricycla
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st.
LOST ASP FOUXP.
LOST— In store of Livingston Bros, or Kohl-
berg, Strauss & yrohman, purse containing
$10. Reward If returned to R. D. Davis &
Co., Geary st- and Grant ava.
LOST— Large shepherd's crook, with diamond
.settings. Suitable reward will be given for
return of same to M. BERNARD, Campbell,
Metson & Campbell, 118 Crocker building.
LOST — Purse containing $65 in gold, also small
gold ring set with green stone and diamond
Box 1081, Call office; reward.
$100 REWARD— Lost New Year's eve. a pursa
containing solitaire diamond ring and small
gold. Return to 19 Market st.
LOST— Seaman's discharge and four letters.
Finder please return to 523 Folsom st.
LOST — Large St. Bernard dog. Return to 231S
Sutter st. and receive reward.
BUNCH of keys, Hayes, near Van Nesj. Re-
ward 327 Van Nes asve. -
LOST — A parrot. F>nder will return to S21
Howard st.; reward. v
LOST— Diamond finger ring; old square cut
stone about 4 K in size; ring plain polished
gold in damp setting-; $50 reward and no
questions asked If left with O. B. MARTIN,
care of Madison & Burka. .'
LOST— Gentleman's scarf pin; turtle with
emerald studded back; suitable reward. Re-
turn to 122 Davis St., room 4-
LOST— Small, open face gold watch; liberal re-
ward. 109 Erie St.. S. F.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of SIMON MEYER: No. 231-577. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A small alligator pursa Nrw Year's
ove, containing about $10 70: return, receive
reward. Address box 1039, Call office.
FOUND— Fishing boat. Address COLEMA>T&
OLSON, Long Wharf, Oakland.
"WANTED — Old gold for manufacturing. O.
NOLTE, Jeweler. 243 O'Farrell st.
ANY old thing; also diamonds, sealskins; money
on them; private entrance; perfec* secrecy.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1013 Market"
opp. Eth; world-renowned ladles' specialist;
safe, reliable: practiced in San Francisco for
years; treated thousands , of cases successfully;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all other fall call on him.
THE Great Mountain Warrior; wonderful cure
for rheumatism and all rheumatic pains: cure
.guaranteed; apply externally. Price $1 per
, bottle, prepaid, by E. M. DAVIS, 1415H Baker
. St., San Francisco, Cal.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market St.. oor. Sixth—
. Safe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
$5; positive cure guaranteed; when others fall
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007H Market, expert on dis-
• eases of women: 15 years' practice in S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office;. hava cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office. $S; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES, 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; posltiv* cure
guaranteed: ladles treated can return sarn*
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps, dr.
MRS. DR., ALLEN. 1035 Markat-Ladlea* spe-
cialist; safe and sure cure, $3; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years. for female
troubles. 323 Kearny st.; call and see me.
MRS. DR. GWYER; ladles' specialist; hem*
V for patients. \ 504 Eddy st. ,
DR. NO TOT KEE cures disease by herba;
advice free.'. 704 Sacrament'* st.. near Kearny.
\ MIMING AXP ASSAYING.
FOR sale — On*- half or whole of good mine • in
Sierra Co.; large ledge. ¦ Apply owner, WM
-RKCKNAGEL, 243^ Clara Et. - ;
MISCELLANEOUS-— 'rOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machlnerv \it-.
INTO3H & WOLPMAX. 193-197 Fremont Bt.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcase*, counters
linoleum, new and second-hand ; we always
have a l&rare stock of saloon outfits on hand-
. 33 complete outfits on one floor, ready made'
we can ship . ererythta* - la «; hoars, j'
-NOONAN. 1017. 1019, -lMI^HW Mission rt*
abasa -Sixth.; wrft« to* "catalo-ae, " **«»
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE,
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and price.
• TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st. ; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents' gear machinery, en-
ginea, boilers, water plpeo. shafting- pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
TORE white solitaire diamond ring for I10O:
. former price $160. UNCLE HARRIS, IS
Grant ave. ¦-
A FIRST-CLASS coffee mlu (Enterprise
make), in good condition. Inquire at 1901
Devlsadero st.
LADY desires to sell her diamond • rings. Ad-
dress Box 1066. Call office.
PARROT for sale; talks English: price $8. 153
Fifth St. , . ...;.-¦ : *
A 20-TON Howe wagon scale: compound beam.
'Apply 218 California st
8D-HAND steam, gaa, on. water and a!r ma-
chinery bought and sold. "White, 516 Mission.
PORTABLE enrlnes, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engine* and
boilers bought and- scld. KROOH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
; SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
j MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
' MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving;
! plctnrea. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
; SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
j WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St., San Fran.
MISCEUA^EOIS WAXTS.
WANTED—to buy a well-equipped Job print-
Ing office or half interest In one. Address
with full particulars, room 7. 50S California
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &;
scld. Silverman. 9S4 Fclaom; tel. Folaom 1131.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. IL U
WHITEHEAD, 1710 Market st.
»1O\ET TO !,OAS.
AA— BEST rates and easIeTTterms? '~'~™™™"
Second Mortsagea
Interest in Estates
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. S06 Market st.
ANY amount at t per cent : 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doln? business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, lesacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEX.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewerly at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture, pianos, no removal, or any other
security; quick; lowest rate; easy terms: no
brokerage; private, reliable parties. 1170 Mar-
ket St.. room W.
A— $SCO,000 O<N city and country real estate ar.d
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erala. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.;
no removal, no commission: strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bids.. 301 Jones.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS. 13
Grant ave.
LADY will loan money to ladles. Address box
1085. Call office.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. "22 Sansome. rm. 2.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
3% on furniture and pianos; $13 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 8 Eddy st.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; «ity. country: 8%; undi-
vided lnts. ; estates. HARPER. 307 Paxrott big.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 388 Parrott bulld-
ing; men can secure loans on personal notes. m
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
ON furniture and pianos: no removal: con-
fidential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned t<y salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL.609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. EHscnunt Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL IXSTRIIMEXTS.
ANY person naving use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
cf their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Steinway any tlxna
within three years from date cf purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $-1. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st. Oak-
land.
A GREAT redaction on pianos left from 1300 saie.
Guild $T>3
Emerson \ €5
Steinway 135
Chickerina; 323
Haynes 281
Kallet & Davh 4SS
Heine 435
20 new pianos at.. 14s
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary st. agenta
Hallet & Davis, oldest and most famous piano
in existence. Rents and easy payments.
PIANOS at $100, $125 and $150 are not to ba
compared with the -bargains that we offer
you. Call on the ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 763 Market at.
DECKER & SON are the old reliable makers
of first-class pianos. New styles and lew
prices at MAUVAIS'. 7G3 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou«-
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, 2«.
2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
. all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer.
A GREAT bargain sale of second-hand uprights
and squares taken In exchange for naw Dianos
during our great special sale. $60 up. BEN'J
CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Farrell st-. Chickertng
agency.
PARTY soingr to New York; must sacrifics Sn«
3-pedal upright piano. 32 1 Golden Gate ave.
MUST sell our upright piano; almost new;
please make' offer. 815 Laguna st.
BEAUTIFUL Chlckerin* upright: eost $475.
now $275. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
A CLEANING out sale of pianos In storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
BYRON MAUZY, agency Sohmer & Co.. Byroa
Mauzy, Gabler and Speilman pianos. 308 Post.
SPECIAL sale — Immense reductions: see our
leader, only $150. BRUENN. MS Post st.
THREE- PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain;
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
GREAT many bargains in 2nd-hand uprights:
small Installment*. Hornung. 218 McAllister.
HIOH-GRADB pianos; Steck. Hardman, Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post
AT KEEFFETS. 933 Market st.. 4 elegant uj£
rights at your own prlca. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock in city: new pianos. $3 nor
_month._ SCOTT-CURT AZ. £«0 Hayes at.
SUPItRIOTt viclras. zithers, old and new h"
MULLER maker, repairer. 1 Latham place!
BAROATN— Murt be sold; nice upright planow
,PCfOnT7:. « MrAltlKter »t.. n»Tt Hlh P^lr
OIL.
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Company buys, de-
velops. exploits and sells oil lands; has excep-
tional advantages for securing Eastern capita!
!n proved fields; communications confidential.
F. H. HATJ3MAN. Sec., room 33. Mills bldg.
:0 «°. I U <> acres for ¦**• to 34— 2S-CT Kern River
OH District; a grand chance far a company if
taken immediately. J. S. EWBN. 10 Call-
fornla st.. room 1. San Francisco. Cal.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence- solicited.
WANTED—3000 nhares of the Occidental Oil Co
of West Virginia stock. Address, stating
lowest bid, box 1035. Call office.
Olj?y L:VXDS 1 FOR SALE. ''
KERN River: proven territory; line of.R. R.
__Newton. Carmen <r Some*, r. 104. Chrr-nlcle.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades: rooms papered. $3
QT>. Jenaen /t Bath. Snn Sixth at. : open evenings.
; j>>_kMlSTR,y.
H. JEROME FOSSELH. scientific palmist. 51S
Tatlnrm. b»t. Oearv and Pottt: tm\. Black 5(51
PARTNERS WANTED.
. PATE>1S AND PENSIOys]
>X>VIC5J fre«: no charga nalasa successful.
ASPHAI/TUM ROOFIXG.
j J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
! paired; portal. 11S6 Mission' tel. Folsom 1607.
BATH CABI.VETS.
ELECTRIC light bath cabinets to let and for
sale. 1S36 Point Lobes ave. _^
, BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— SS500; WINE and liquor business in Oakland,
With agency for one of the largest wineries
In the State; a rushing bar trade and large
route of private customers; located on prin-
. clpal street. Call R- G. WILKE, 26H Kearny.
A— J2500-CHOICEST isaloon on Kearny stT;
cloee to Chronicle building; established years;
3 years' lease; all cash down not necessary.
Call R. G. WILKE. i3H Kearny st.
A — JCOO — THIRD interest in laundry company;
doing a first-class buKinets; retiring partner
to leave for New York. Apply R, G. WILKE,
1 26% Kearny St. '<
A— $1600 — CORKER grocery and bar on Guerrero
St.; rent $40; large btock, horse and wagon
and a first-class paying business: established
years. Call B. G. WILKE. 2GH Kearny Bt. i
A — ONE of the best saloons with commercial ;
lunch; close to Palace Hotel; rent $50: owner I
sick in bed; a great sacrifice; only |»00 cash
down needed. R. G. WILKE, 26W Kearny st.
A— $700; CORNER saloon with 3 rooms; rent
$3£; opp. factory employing 800 people; a
rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 26!* Kearny st.
A— $2tO— CIGAR store on Market St.; rent $20;
a good-paying stand. Call R. G. WILKE,
26*i Kearny st.
A— JSOO— CORNER grocery and bar on Langton
St.; rent $30; place estab. 20 years; roust fell,
as owner wants to retire and give long lease
to right party. R. G. WILKE, 26^i Kearny.
A — $150^ — PARTNER wanted in an employment
office; can clear easily SliO per month; only
good, active man need apply. R-"G. WILKE,
26^ Kearny et. *
A— $275— CORNER saloon In the Mission; rent
£20; lease; good-paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. X\i Kearny et.
A — J750 — Restaurant with 25 furnished rooms, in
' Stockton; rent KS; 2 years' lease; owner to
leave for East; must 6ell quick; a good-paying
business. Call R, G. WILKE. 26»± Kearny st.
A— $325— RESTAURANT and chophouse opp. R.
R. cable-house; rent $"0; good-paying place;
investigate soon, as rare chance. Call R. G.
WILKE, 2CV» Kearny st.
PARTNER wanted in a large old-established
profitable business, controlling a good bafe,
solid and reliable trade. Owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to sell
an Interest to an acceptable party; duties will
be the keeping of the accounts and assl&tlng
generally In the management of the business:
capital required $5000 to $10,000; full vaJue in
sight; books and business open for investiga-
tion. Apply J. W. DONNELLY &. CO.. 632
Market st.
ATTENTION! — Delicacy, candy, bakery and
| notions store; new building; 4 elegant living
i rooms: modern bath; electric lights; fine loca-
tion; doing fine business; reasons for selling;
rent $23; no agents. The Pearl. 806 Devisa.-
dero st.
A— SALOON; Butchertown location; bargain;
ccme quick. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st
A — RESTAURANT; heart city; money maker;
bargain. COWING & CO.. 71& Market st.
A— WANTED— A good tenant for grand corner
store and basement, with fixtures suitable for
grocery business; special inducements. Ap-
ply SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st
IH0— RESTAURANT proposition; seldom of-
fered; rent $20; payments. D. McRAE, S3"
Mission et.
$300— RESTAURANT bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777'4 Market st.
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
The Stanley Aerial Navigation Company has
removed its offices from 218 Sansome st. to
7C2 Market St., eecond floor, room 5. Model
i now on exhibition and full sized airship un-
i e'er construction at the Velodrome, i$aker and
Hayes sts. CHAS. NEWMAN, Secretary.
BUTCHER business In a country town; estab-
lished over 40 years; average sales $55 per
day; only shop in town; owner wishes to re-
tire; property will invoice price. Address box
1076. Call office.
PARTIES having restaurants, lodging houses,
bakeries or any kind of business for sale call
on A PRICE & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
$100— OYSTER and chop house. 90SU Howard
St.: sickness the cause.
PARTNER wanted in real estate; good busl-
ness. Apply 63S Market Et. " .
5-CHAIR barber shop for sale. 403 Pacific st.
GOOD coffee route for sale cheap. Box 1088,
Call office.
$1000— GROCERY stock, bar, hay and feed,
horse and waron; doing business $1000 per
month cash; bar pays entire expenses; less
than Inventory price: owner ill; a bargain.
Credit Department TILLMAXN & BENDEL.
STATIONERY, notions, candy and cigar store
will be sold at reasonable price; good-paying
business; old stand; 20 years In existence.
Inquire at 155-157 Fifth st.
$500— TOBACCO, cigars and notions: estab-
lished IS years; living rooms; downtown lo-
cation; a safe Investment; no agents. Box
1070 Call office.
FOR sale — Candy, loe cream and tamale par-
lor; branch bakery; must be sold immediate-
ly; parties leaving city; no agents. 1508 How-
ard et.
BEST equipped family hotel In the city; elec-
tric elevator, billiard-rooms, etc; proprietor
going East. Call 207 Sansome St.. rms. 1 & X.
PARTY with J10C0 take half interest in manu-
facturing patent article; sure tales, large
profits. Box 1CS7. Call.
AT once, cheap. New England Home Bakery,
Guerrero et., near Twenty-second; death
cause of sale; call at bakery.
RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; daily re-
ceipts about $63. Call at place, 410 Kearny st.
WOOD and coal yard for eala. 610 Second st.,
near South Park.
RESTATTRANT; bargain; paying business;
cheap rent; good location. Apply 869 Hayes.
A-PLAY THE RACES—
20 to SO per cent profit monthly on our new
system; call and investigate. N. S. HAND A
CO.. expert handlc&ppers. suit 12. 24 Krarny.
WANTED— Lady or gent with $200; talary $17
per week, including all expense*; must travel
and act aa cashier. Box 9(1, Call office.
A— $450— GOOD-PAYING tailor shop in univer-
¦lty town; fine buElneas; must eell; money-
maker. J. W. BRACE, 906 Market St.. r. 8.
FOR eale — Chophouse: good business; expenses
small; electric lights; $350 cash. Particulars
W. C. STEELE. 7 N. California st, Stockton.
BRANCH bakery, notions, cigars and confec-
tionery, furniture Included; leaving city; good
location. 1203H Golden Gate ave.
FOR Bile— Fixtures In a hardware store; B0 to
76 per cent discount; register, safe, scales, eta
Box 2067. Call office, Oakland.
$900— PARTNER in butter business; net »17B
month each; will stand Investigation. Box
1051. Call office.
SALOON for sale— Second door from Kearny;
$Z0 month. Apply 423-425 Jackson st. ,
A— NICE saloon; must be sold; good reason for
aclllng. C?ll 247 Fifth st.
RESTAURANT for sale at a bargain this week.
Call at 419 Kearny at. _
CIGAR store, fine location, for sale cheap. £»
Xlnth rt. ¦¦•
$20 WINS $J0O per month at races: references
riven. Information Lyons. 5>21 Market, r. 4.
liODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
£4 ROOMS; house clears"$150........ .^..T.S$200b
14 rooms on Mission st £00
(-room flat on Taylor st JL. 250
W rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash „. 2<>00
1$ rooms on Thttd st „' 600
- 20 rooms on Powell st.. ;......... 050
48 rooms; fine corner; clears $200 3500
24 rooms on Geary St.; clears $150 l»00
25 rooms on Kearny st. ; clears $150... 1600
40 rooms; boarding-house 4000
11 rooms on Market Et 1400
12 rooms on Post st.; in payments 850
II rooms; clears $75 ;. 450
tOO OTHERS— PRICES FROM $100 TO $25,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
H. O. DECKER, 1020 Market st
SAMPLES ONLY. ¦¦¦ . ;,
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Mark«?»br/ Call bldg.
11 rooms. ..$200)20 rooms.. $900 65 rooms. .JIG'JO
11 rooms... 400(20 rooms.. 120O 75 rooms.. 400U
12 rooms... 600124 rooms.. 1400 £5 rooms.. 4500
13 rooms... SW 26 rooms.. 1C."(» 63 rooms.. 3500
12 rooms... {>00i3fi rooms.. 1S00 62 rooms..' 3000
14 rooms... £50 30 rooms.. 2400J 60 rooms.. 7000
17 rooms... 250 34 rooms.. 2G5C| SO rooms.. 3200
W.rooms... BOO 27 rooms.. 27501100 rooms.'. 1500
U rooms... €00 30 rooms.. 2&00 50 rooms.. i'OOO
18 rooms... 475 40 rooms.. 30001 60 rooms.. £900
19 rooms... 700J40 rooms.. 40001 £4 rooms.. SOOu
17 rooms... WK) ; 43 rooms.. S500I 46 rooms.. EOCO
€0 ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $ 150.... >.. $3000
37 rooms; money-maker; near Market 1900
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn. : extra.. SCO
15 rooms; Leaven worth ; rent S57 50... 900 1
10 rooms; $450; 10 rooms, quick .- 83tJ j
20 roome; detached;' handsome yard, with
drive to barn and lease $10 month, leaving
rent only $65 month; clears $100 month; special
snap. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st.
14 rooms; Geary st.; must sell... ....; $750
13 roomf ; piano; rent $46; only............ gM
81 rocrr.i; elegant com»r... JSOO
40 rooms; greet bargain: a «nap.. ...... „-.- 1600
15 rooms; cheap rent; central . <x>o
« rooms; rent $60; corner ".. noo
....MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT... .
$l$7&-26 room*; choice location;, a pick up- !
$1075 cash, balance any time. I). McRAE
837 Mission «t. ¦ - . . , ¦ , '
A— NICELY furnlebed 9-room house; easy rent*
running water. 9*1 Pott st. '
j i.onai.Mi-iiousKs for sale.
A— 45 ROOMS^; north of 'Market ; Al furniture;
clears '5200 net; must be sold at once; reduced
to JI300; SO new houses Just listed. RBIN-
1 HOLD, SKIRM & SNYDER, 927 Market St.,
I room S38, second floor; phone Folsom 2011.
j Aisio open evenings. ..--
17-ROOMED house; a bargain $S00
36-roomed house; cheap.
19-rootned house 350
I SS-roomed house , 600
j EMEKY & CO.. 3 Eddy St., room 1.
j FOR sale, cheap— Newly furnished 16-room
apartment house; permanently tilled; must
¦ be eold owing to other business. Call before
! 10 a. m. or after 6 p. m. at 1157 Octavla bt.
LARGEST list lo<5sinff-houses; good bargains;
i money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD,
rms. 1-2. 917 Market 8t.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
J J110C— 60 ROOMS ; fine location; well furnished;
j all rented; low rent. BASILS. 8 Eddy st.
_____________
MRS. DR. FAHXHAM, world-renowned"srTrTt^
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
Bults, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
j mining a specialty: clrs. Su_.'Wed.,*Fri. ev's.
j Come and be convinced. Permanently located'
I 513 Eddy st., bet. Hyde and La rkln; no sign.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
nlght. 605 McAllister st.; 10c; come skeptics.
MRS. L73STER— Readings daily; circle e%ery
eve., 10c, except Wed., devel. circle. 222 Turk.
EARLE. 305 Taylor st., corner Ellis— Sittings
dally: seance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. H6 Eddy st."
C. Mayo-Steers. 112% Oak, trance medium;
• readings, $1; hours, 1-5 p. m.; teL Howard i27.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings daily; tests to all to-night; 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
j life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
CLAIUVOYAXTS.
mme. m. Bernard! "1 ¦; J"~
THE FAMOUS / • ' /
Claiiroyant and Business Medium,
Is permanently located at 17 Third St., next
Examiner building. £?ie reads your life cor-
rectly, gives an accurate description of the
past, reveals the present happening and por-
trays events to occur in the future. If you
are In trouble, diseantented, unhappy or- not
satisfied in life, or have domestic, love or busi-
ness troubles, consult this great medium and
you will be told how to overcome them. "Val-
uable advice In all affairs of life.
Full life reading by mall; write for Informa-
tion; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 I
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction I
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for pam- i
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; 15 years' experience; her knowledge of the
untseen forces Is invaluable to professional and
business men, to. wives and lovers: follow her
advice and you will make no mistake. 1104
Market Bt., corner Mason, room 28.
A — Mrs. Dr. Saylor, Queen of clairvoyants and
palmists; Important advice on mining specula-
tion, business, law; evil Influence removed;
fee BOc, mail $1. 1511H Market, opp. Van Ness.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c.
gents $l; palm, and clair. sit., $1 60. 128 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. in. to 6 p. m.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MME. HANSOX, palmistry, card reader; past,
pressnt, future; £5c. 143 Sixth St., room 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
ist and card reading. 25c. 124P.4 Market st.
MME. LAROSE, clairvoyant, card reader; best
advice, 25c upt 472 Stevenson St., cor Sixth..
MRS. BROWN, scientific card reader; readings
daily. 109 Fifth st.. room 2.
MMH. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader. - 11 Sixth st. ; German spoken.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny St., rooms 8-10.
BORROW on diamonds; secrecy; private en-
trance; private rooms. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44*'i Jessie Bt.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names clvrn; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.'
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
STANDARD, 313 Guerrero — Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 2Ec per pair; carpets cleaned.
8c yd; laying a special ty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at 8o per yard, laid at Be.
BTRATTON'B, 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
.ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main' 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone Eas»t 126.
CHIROPODISTS. ~~
CORNS, bunions, Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
AN* A No. 1 express wagon; single, also light
camping wagon, for rale cheap. C32 Mission.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE— 8 rms., bath & basement; hot and
cold water; yard; garden. 811H Golden Gate
ave., opposlt* Jefferson sq. : rent $20 only.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3833— Cottage, 3 rooms; large
yard; rent ft. '
DENTISTS.
AT theiELECTRb^E^TAirCLYNIci T 8«9~Mar*-
ket st. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
tt 10 up; plates, extractions free, U E0 up; of-
fice hours, t a, ra. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 30 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $8 SO; fillings. S0o; plates,
|5, fall set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 84 Sixth st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method ; 20 years' ex-
perience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell sr.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, EOc; gas given.
THE - New • York Dentists have moved to S63
. Mission st., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, 60c.
A. L. SIMPSON, D.D. a. 1206 Market St.— Ex-
pert tooth extractor; crown and bridgework.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Fulljset of teeth, |4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
. days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOTJNO. 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School •
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking, lil Post, over O'Connor & MoJCatt.
EDUCATION AI/.
r SC^bu" r sr^."iBUSINESs"'"cOL"-
LEGE, 1236 Market St.; individual instruction
in bookkeeping, shorthand, EngHsh branches;
civil service coaching; tuition |5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BU3I-
KES8 COLLEGE. 12ZS Market St. -
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; js per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses ; lit positions secured for our students
during the past 6 months ; catalogue free, jj
I GALLAGHER-MARSH "Cc-llree, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
I Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
| shorthands reportorial phrasing taught;- prac-
tlcal bookkeeping.xfull course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand,-, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
¦ electrical and ¦ mining ; engineering, etc. ; ' day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
1 school for the university, law and medical col-'
i leges; references, _ President Jordan or any
Stanford, prof essor.XPhelan; building. -
A" SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
! 'college graduates; bookkeeping-figures; ¦ short
time. TARR. exp.,acct... 220 : Parrott ¦ bldg.
ENGINEERING, c"ivil, elec., mining,meab.,sur-
I vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.; est. 1861
1 VAN DERNAILLEN, SCHOOL, 833 Market
SAX FHAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every nleht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— ZZ! Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until S:SO p. m.
800 Hayes etreet: open until ?:S0 p. m.
CS9 McAllister street ; open until »:S0 p. m.
CIS Larktn street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
1M1 Mission Etreet: open until 10 p. m.
2TC1 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
cr.t'.I S p. rr.
106 Eleventh atreet: cpen until 9 p. in.
JC96 Valencia etreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreetr: open until P p. ra. :">:?-'*' t« I
MEETIXG M>TICES.
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena
Locpe of Perfection Xo. 1. A. and A. Tjjf
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be A
held la Commandery Hall, Masonic /n\
Temple, en THURSDAY EVENING. <£H»
January 10. 1&01, at 8 o'clock. Degrees £.th
and Tta conferred in full form.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. m
Mr. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) „!&.
EVENING, January 10th. at 7:30 Tfc jPC
o'clock. First degree. Bv order of the •
Master.
FRANKLIN H. PAY. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. T9, R. A. M.— m
Special meeting THIS (THL'RSDAY)^fi _
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Mission Ma- Tgjf
sonic Temple, 26CS Mission et. lnstalla- f^r »
tlon of officers. By order of the H. -\P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No, liO. F. and A. m
M.— Sr^rtal meeting THIS (THCRS- _JV_
DAY) EVINCING at 7:30 o'clock. Third Tfcjf
degree. Master Masons cordially li>/^r i
vited. By order of the Master.
FREDERICK BAREV, Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco LcxJj,-e No. 212. F. a
and A. M., meets THIS <THURS-_#V.
DAY) EVENING at 7:50 o'clock
third degxe<?. Masters Masons are cor-*^r »
daily invited. Hi' order of the Mailer.
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DOIIIC Ixidpe No. r.6. F. ar.d A. M.— M
Special meetirjf THIS (THURSDAY) _J\_
• ' EXINi ; : ¦" o'clock. First '!--/S^3C
pree. Mat-ons are invited. By order/ *
of the Matter.
J. a. GOLDSMITH. Secreiary.
1 ERBA BtnZSJk. Lodffe No. 15.
I. O. O. F.— Initial! n • ! two ¦.!::¦ £/>""Kfe
<51dates THURSDAY EVENING.
Jan. 19, 1901. Members attend: 'vflfw-
good time promised. Visitors invited.
JOHN A. OHLSON. N. O.
Wil. P. HtrjtPHKETfi. Secy.
ABOU BEN ADHEM Lodge No. < ge&*&i'
112, :. O O. F.— All members are
requested to attend installation of
officers THIS (THURSDAY) ¦***»***
EVENING. JOHN LOWRD3, X. G.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club » «T v.
meets ~l'.l> (THURSDAY) EV!:.\- A flili
ING, Fraternity Hall, 22 OTar- Vvtvfaf
rell St.. at 8 o'clock. Installation of
officers and election of standing committees. J
JOHN ROSS. Royal Chief.
GEORGE "W. PATERSON, Recorder.
TirE Ship ar.d Machine Blacksmiths' Union
No. 1£S of S. F., Cal., met at their regular
hell, 1C2 OFarrell St.. A. O. F.. bldg.. on
FRIDAY EVENING. January 4. 1501. and
dosed their charm with a membership of
one hundred or mere ar.d more in Eight. They
meet every Friday evening In their hall and
all smiths are cordially invited to Join the
eair.e.
THE annual meetlntr of the Association of the
Hospital fer Children and Training School for
Nurses will be held at the hospital. 3700 Cali-
fornia Et.. THURSDAY. January 10, 1901. at
1:30 o'clock D. — .
JENNIE M. DUNBAR, Rec. See.
TO the stockholders and members of the C. F.
K.apj> Company, a corporation: Notice is
hereby given that a general meeting of the
stockholders and members of the C. F. Kapp
Company, a corporation, will be held at Its I
office and place of business. No. 1200 Market j
•t., in the city and county of San Francisco, t
State of California, on SATURDAY, the 16th
day of January. 1301, at the hour of 12
o'clock m.. the object of said meeting being
the removal from office of the following
named directors of said coiwration. to wit:
C. H. Koehncke. Bertha Koehncke. Carl W.
Mueller and Alfred Fuhnnan. and that Et
euch meeting it is the intention of the under-
signed to propose the removal of each of said
directors, and also at said .meeting the repeal,
amendment and adoption of new by-laws will
be considered. CHAS. F. KAPP.
President C. F. Kapp Company.
ANNUAL, MEETING— The annual meeting of
the Etn Franrisco Ladies' Protection and
Relief Society Trill be held at the •'Home."
en Franklin St., berweea Post and Geary, on
Thursday, January 10. at 2 o'clock p. m..
tor the purpose of electing managers and
trustees for the ensulns year and transaction
of cuch other business ts may properly come
before It.
K. F. HUTCKINSON. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— Regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Ccmpar.y will be held at the office of
tb» company. S27 Market St.. In the city and
county of San Francisco, on Wednesday, the
ICth day of January. 1801, at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, January 5.
ISM. at 12 o'clock in.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Oceanic Steam-
ehip Company will be held at th« office of
the comraay, 227 Market £t.. San Francisco,
California, on MONDAY. January 21. 1S01, at
th« hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pose of «riectlng a Board of Directors to serve
Jor the ensuing year, and the transaction of
euch other business as rr.ay come before the
iseeting. Transfer bocks will close on Thurs-
day. January 10, IKS, at 3 o'clock p. m.
? E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM AJCD GOLDEN
RULE BAZAAR— To the Stockholders of The
Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar, a Cor-
poration: Please take notice that the annual
meeting of the Btockholders of Ti« Eapo-
* rium and Golden Rule Bazaar, a corporation,
will be held at the principal office o* the
company. In the, Parrott building, located on
Market St.. between Fourth and Fifth. In the
city and county of San Francisco. State of
California, on THURSDAY, the I7th day of
January. 1501. at 2 -o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing directors and for the
transaction of euch other business as may
properly come before the meeting. By order
of tfce Board of Directors. )
ANDREW' M. DAVIS, Secretary.
Dated January a. l?0L
ICOTICE i» hereby given that a special meet-
ing of the stockholders of The San Francisco
and San Jcaquin Valley Railway Company
will be held et the principal office cf the
company In the city of San Francisco, Cal,
on SATURDAY, the nineteenth (ISth) flay of
January. 1901. at 12 o'clock aoon, for the pur-
pose of approving and ratifying an agree-
ment for the sale end conveyanace to and
purchase by The Atcn'.son, Topeka and Santa
Fe Railway Company of the railroad, prop-
erty »_nd franchises of The San Frand6co and
Ean Joaquin Valley Railway Company, and
to transact my other business that may
legally come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKTE. Secretary.
San Francisco. January 4. 1901.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular »T7nu»l
meeting' of the stockholders cf the Pajaro
Valley Consolidated Railroad Company will
be tield at the ofSee of the company, 817
Market et.. Ban Francisco, on MONDAY, the
twenty-flrst day of January, 1901. at the hour
of U o'clock a. m.. fcr the purpose of elect-
tec a board of directors to serve for tb<»
ensuing year and the transaction of such
other b*cs!ness as may come before the meet-
Ing. The transfer books will close on Friday.
January li. is;-;, at S o'clock p. m.
W. IL HANNAM. Secretary.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy: pri-
vate entrance. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant av.
BEEETIXGS — Universal Brotherhood.
¦
AND Tbeosophlcal Society, 25th anniversary;
three days* Jubilee; Sunday evening. ISth.
•ubject. "Twentieth Century Battles"; Mon-
day evening, 14th, "Hypatla," Greek sympo-
sium In costume; Tuesday, 15th. mystic In-
terpretation of "The Tempest." tableaux;
Academy of Erfemy Hall. n» Market at.
AGESTS WAA'TED. ~
SOLICITORS; ladles or restiemes; big oom-
tslsslons. trtlc& Cleansing Compound CO 21
Bpear St.
AGENTS— Do you want something more proflt-
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-
exice? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
9200 TO 3500 per month; men or women; salary
or cotnmiislon or both. 827 Market St., r. €15.
POSITIVE opportunity for a first-class " lady
agent. Dundee Mfic. Co.. 14 Flood bldg.. B. F.
______
A GOOD home epen for girl or boy baby. Add.
Mrt. I>r. l*onlce. Kit Kjghth St.. Alameda.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. "VT. KING, $27 Market St.. Cth floor, room 627
—Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy.
collections; «ill cases; fair fee; no advance
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
.".DVICE free; divorce /law a specialty; private;
do fee without «uccei>s; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. SjO Market, cor. Stocktn.
CUSTER, Herman J., attorney-at-law, 937 Mar-
ket, r. SD6; open evetilnpi; consultation free.
FRANK W. FUITH; mining and probate law a
speclaity. Mills big., r. 3. 4th fir.; te!. Re<j 3«16.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. IJAVIDSON. KTt Market St., opp. Mason.
I. EDW. JAHKETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Market sta. ; phone Red 1362. - * . -
L. 6. CLARK. Em ma Spreckels bldp., 3Z7 Mar-
ket et.; eoaealt&tlon free; no feet In aflv&nct.to race at the Denver and Montana ra«t
ings, in charge of Herman Brandt.
Johnny Coleman took a Ions chance by
backing: Little Minch Jr.
The weights as assigned by J. "W.
Brooks for the $1503 Follansbee handicap,
to be run Saturday, January 12. are as
follows:
Waring 140,Jerid 1M
Vesuvian 137 Babbler 113
Meehanus 130 MacGyle- J13
Gold Or 132 Bard of Avon 113
Gibraltar 130 Dangerous Maid 113
Eddie Jones 130 Lothian 112
F. W. Erode ...... ..12S Alleviate + 112
Vulcain i 123 Tyr Ill
Tlllo .....12S First Tenor 110
Autumn 123 Boundlee .*.... .103
Andrlsa 127 Mortgage ...,..^....103
Yellow Tall 127 King Carnival 10S
Wooster Boy 123 Scaflawag 10S
Formero 121 Cougar .........108
St. Cuthbert 123 Bab 7. 103
Rolling Boer 122 Doublet 107
Golden Ago 122 Matt Hogan 103
Canmore 122 The Benedict ..103
Joe Frey 119 Courtier 103
Articulate 12H Vain 103
Herculean US Gold Badge - 101
Handlcapper US Gartalene 100
Bpeclflc 117 Onyx ......100
Torslno 117 Elfonse 100
Telamon 116 Mlthrldates —.100
Kenllworth 116 Slntl 100
Panamlnt 116:Sarah O 100
Beau Ormonde HfiJBonitary 100
Jerry Hunt 115|Kingstelle 100
Prejudice 115 Sebastlania 100
Don Orslno 115 Joe Doherty — -100
Broadbrim -.115 Daniel 100
Winners of other than a selling purse after
the weights are announced to carry five pounds
extra.
' Following are to-day's entries:
First race — Five and a half furlongs; four
yfar-olds and up; purse:
1569 William F 93 1617 Urchin 103
1189 Spry Lark 10S 1558 Del Vista 96
1606 Fidel Youlln...l01 .... Santa Lucia.... 100
1613 Sarsfleld 93 H62 Bee Bee 101
1613 Gold Baron 107 1613 Onyx 103
1562 Grey Bob 93 1294 Abbylelx £..... S6
Th» regular open stake at Union Cours
ing Park this week will bring together
some of the highest class doss, several
champions being entered. The draw,
which was held at Pythian Castlo last
night, is as follows:
Open stake, 128 entries — J. Carroll's Lord
Chesterfield vs. Pasha Kennels' Risky Attempt:
B. M. Kellogg' s Kid McCoy vs. IS. M. Kellogg**
Ben's Babe; T. W. Bart el 5' Mao's Melody vs.
Chiarlnl Bros.' Santonin; Curtis St Sons' An
chor vs. H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot; Curtis
& Sons' Psyche vs. J. P. Thrift's Brutus: J.
Carroll's Master Claire va. Captain Cane's VIo
tor Boy; Horrlgan & Wlegan's Overture vs.
Russell & Allen's Spiteful; T. McCool's Fen
McCool vs. P. Doyle's Liberator; Aeneld Ken
nels' Achilles vs. Captain. Cane'* Greenhall;
Walsh & Keenan's Sacramento Boy vs. R. E.
de B. Lopez & Son's Warrlgo; Pasha Kennels'
Rural Artist vs. W. J. Leonard's Dayllgrht;
P. J. Relays Royal Union "vs. James Button'*
Herschel's Ride; Curtis & Sons' Charta vs.
Pasha Kennels' Racy Anecdote: Erwln &
Lyons'- Silver Wings vs. Russell & Allra'a,
Dai»y Clalr; Eugene Geary's America* vs. J.
P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince; Sterl & Knowles'
Ripple vs. P. J. Reilly's Peter West; Curtis &
Sons' King Cotton vs. J. I. O'Brien's States
man;-H. H. Gray's Bannockburn vs. Chlaxlnl
Bros.' Bunko Bill;- A. Buker*s Kanaka vs.
Russell & Allen's First Foot; Sterl & Knowles'
Eleety Mist va. E. M. Kellogg's Iowa Boy;
George Sharman's Th« Doctor vs. F. A. Mc-
Corab'sBona Fide; George Nethercot's Flood
gate vs. Aeneld Kennels' Fine Fire; Russell &
Allen's Castaway vs. Aeneid Kennels' Aethra;
J. Carroll's Auckland vs. Curtis & Sons' War
Eagle; J. E. Hodgkln's King Cashier vs. D. J.
Healy's Tapioca: Connell - Bros.' St. Helen . vs.
Maher & Reid's Uncle Fuller: B. Silvia's Re
annex vs. Russell & Allen's Strayaway; D. J.
Healy's Urania vs. Curtis & Sons' Flying; Fox;
Curtis & Sons' Cash vs. J. Dempsey's Jingle
Bells; H. A. Deckelman's Master Rocket vs.
H. H. Gray's Ron*: A. Johnson's Tod Sloan
vs. Pasha Kennels' Belle Clalr; Curtis & Sons'
Maud S vr. Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete;
Curtis & Bans' Rector vs. O. Lennon's Half
moon; A. Van der White's Lear King vs. Pasha
Kennels' Royal Anne; Pasha Kennels' Random
Aim vs. J. R.' Smith's Injury: Aeneid Kennels'
Agamemnon vs. H. A. Deckelman's. Flyaway;
D, Toland's Pleasant Girl va. T. Tlerney's Lu
cretla Borgia; K. Geary's Bonnie Pasha vs.
Curtis & Sons' Warpath; Curtis & Sons'
Shadow vs. EX M. Kellogs/s Sweet Erama; J.
R.- Smith's Sylvanus vs. R. B. de B. Lopea &
Son's Minnie Wa Wa; J. Smith's Master Work
man vs. R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Sir Pasha vs. O. Zahl's Miss Wilson:
Lande & Oerber's Rlenzl ,vs. Curtis & Sons'
McKlnley: F.- A. McComb's Uttle Sister vs. J.
R. Smith's Password ; 8terl & Knowles' Rusty
Gold vs. Pasha Kennels' Ready Always; P. J.
Second race— Three furlongs;- maiden two
year-olds; purse:
Minerva, by Imp. I Cartlla 109
Midlothian - Flora Jack Tyrrell, by
Hurst 1001 Imp. ArtlUery-Co-
Dr. MoNutt. by sette 113
Halma-Canella ...112 Lapldus, by Imp.
Siesta, by Imp. Star Rabjr-Pcart
Crlchton-Reposc ..109 V 113
Torlla, by Torso-
Third raee— Five and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and up; purse:
1623 Duckoy 103; 1135 Blanch* Shep'd SK
1515 Florinel II 103! .... Looram 107
(15S2)Devereaux 108 (1599)Imp. Br*dbri3Lll>
1313 San Augustiae.107 1613 Simon IX. 197
1412 Handlcapi>er ..103 1613 Juva 105
151S Harry Tha'chraOS
Fourth race— Mile and fifty yards; three-year
olds and up; purse:
(l«04)Th» Fretter....lC9I UVt Rolling Boer... 84
1604 Lennep 99'
Fifth race—Mile and a sixteenth; three-year
olds and up; McLaughlln Selling Stakes:
in8 Anjou 101 1603 Lavator 97
1610 Dandy Jim 82 1615 Lococh«9 .. 97
1591 Pat Morrtssey.. 97 1613 Greenock .......101
(16<n)T>lainon 90 (1533)Lena 97
1615 Malay 97
Sixth race—Seven furlongs; ftmr-ye«r-old»
and up; aelllng-i
1606 Essence 89] 1609 Montallada ....103
1606 Choteaa 99 16C6 MacLarea 1M
15S9 Pannenlon I03 1 1811 Wyoming 107
1619 Rio Chlco 102' 1611 Lomond _103
1S78 Nons Such lu2
Possible Winnars.
First race—Bee Bee, Sarsfleld. Urchta.
Beoond race—Torlla. Minerva. Lapldas.
Third race —Handlcapper, Imp. Broadbrim.
Simon D. ' A ,
Fourth race—Lennep, Rolling Boer. TTie Fret
ter.
Fifth race—Greenock. Teliunon. Anjoo.
Sixth race— Montallade, Wyominff. Esaenca.
DRAW FOR SATURDAY'S AND SUNDAY'S COURSING,
Reilly'i Warship yi. Captain Cans' s Victor
Queen: P. Etemhoffa Veto vs. D. Sheehan's
Stone B; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Sweetness
vs. Curtis & Son's Kibosh; "W. C. Glasaon's
Dewdrop vs. A. Johnson's Bald Eagl«; Maher
& Reid's Bad Boy r*. J. Cairn's Imperial: O.
Lennon'i Jennie Noys v»i J. P. Thrift's Forget •
P. J. Reilly's Moonbright vs. J. P. Thrift 1 *
St.- Michael: Curtis & Sons' Echo vs. Curtis &
Sons' Candelarta; Pasha Kenn«ls* Roundabout
va. Chlarint Broe.' Brass Button; K. E. de B.
Lopez & Son's. Eager vs. C. W. Bonaar*» Wild
Norah; D. J. Healy's Lady Clare vs. F. Jones'
Harlean Gladys: D. J. Healy*s Xlcaata vs. Cur
tis & Sons' Narclsstia; E. Geary's Ireland vs.
ErmHne & Jone«* Lavender; P. Brophy*a* E»n!
cia Boy vs. Curtis ft Sons', Luxor; F. W^Bar
tel's Banner Bright v«. II. Johnson'* Mountain
Beauty: George Sharman'a St. Ive« vs. O.
Zahl's Miss Allen; R. U Taylor's Mos« vs
Geors» Parlcerson's Ben Lomond: J. R. Smith's
Petrontus vs. Russell & Allen's Wedflin* Bells;
St«rl & Knowles' Oleta v*. Cbnnell Bros.' Ma
mie Pleasant* '
PTJQIIiISr MAY DIE AS
.BESULTOF A FIGHT
Lewis Majane Falls in a Faint in tha
Bin^ an <i 2Iis Condition. Is
Very Precarious.
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., Jan. 1— After
a ten-round boxing 1 match before the) At
lantic City Athletic Association last night,
Lewis Majane, a local pugilist, fell to
the floor In a faint. To-day ha is in tha
city hospital at tha point of death and
his opponent, Charles A. Abramowltz. also
of this city, 1» In Jail awaiting the result
of the Injuries. It is said a blood vesKt
in Majane" s brain wa3 ruptured. At tha
end 6f the fight both men were covered
with Mood.
¦ * •
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 9.— Results:
• One mile, selling — Grey Dolly won. Porter B
second. Valdez third. Time, 1:45.
Six furlongs— W. J. Baker wen, W. J. Debo*
aecond, Dlvonne third. Time, 1:18%.
. Steeplechase, short course — Violet Parsons
won. Don Clarencio second. Bristol third. Time.
3:3S?i.
Handicap, one mile and an eighth— Sarffla
won, Admetna second. Annoy third. Time.
2:C0. •
Seven furlongs, selllnc 1 — Deponan won. Island
Frlr.ce second. Colonel Cassldy third. Time.
1:32.
One mile, selling— Doar.a woo, Phidias neoad.
Old Fox third. Time, 1:46.
1618. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; four-year-olds and up; purse, SSCQ. i
. . _ Po. , Betting ¦ \
In °" Horse, Aye, Welf ht Pst St. %. *. Btr. Fin. Jocksys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
J™ Katie Gibbons, 6.103 4 ~1 l~i Tn Ti 1~5 O'Connor ... 8 19-5 S «-«
J"0 Lit. Minch Jr., 4.102 7 4 18 14 2 3 3 2 Basainger .. 20 » 15 5
J5£3 Dunboy a v io; 16 64 41 4 »i 3 n Kiley 10 30 C U
"?* Kin**! Pal, 4 MS 2 3 »,i 5 2 6 14n Buchanan.. < « 9-2 «-6
,,& 8 v MadAnthony, 8..102 S 5 42 Sh ah 56 Mounce .... IB 15 10 4
<!59<) H- Thatcher, 4... 98 6 7 it 61 6163 Fauntleroy S 15 W •
1663 Ulloa, 5 103 211 19 4 74 71 71 Enos 6 12 II 4
}!»3 Synla. S 100 65 6 h 8^i 3 3 81 J. Walsh... 6 13 • 15 «
1501 Mainstay, a 106 12 9 TH94 91 93 J. Woods... » 13 IS 6
Mw Rosalbra. a 109 10 8 9 1 11 10 2 ,10 2 Hennessy 6 19 10 4
817 Modwena, 5 100 » 10 11 10 > 11 11 J. Daly 10 10 10 4
1613 iTlng-a-Llng. 4.... 8» 11 « ... ... ... ... 3tuart 3 12 10 4
Tlme-1-16, jO7; 3-16. :18%; 7-16. :43; 5«f, 1:C# Oood start. Woa easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. Q. Webb's b. m. toy Buckmaster-Lady Winston. "Winner away well and
nicely ridden. Minch quit. King's Pal outfooted. Mad Anthony had speed. TJUoa off
T^-a-Ltog took_ up at the start. ._ _-^,-^r^-^
MElBTsixEoyDRAC^^Tx^and^^
1 ~~ Pol ' , Betting — %
Index Hone, lAge, Weight. Pst St. H. %- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1593 Prestidigitator, 4J01 1 1 Tl T» ll Tl J. Daly 4^ 6^ JMJ 1
1551 Wallensteln. 4.. ..103 5 3 S M 2 H 3 2 2% O'Connor ... 8 20 20 4
1603 Grand Sachem. 6.104 64 3 1 4H31 82 Bassinger .. 5 . 19 7 S-I
1603 Meehanus, B 110 4 3 4H3h 53 4 10 Kiley 1-2 3-5 3-5 1-4
1600 Matt Hogan, 4. ...101 7 5 S3 E10 4U5H Buchanan.. 10 20 20 4
1610 Billy Lyons. 8.... 8687 7 6H7 85 F. Webster. 60 100 100 30
1607 Rio Chlco. 6 104 t\i 62 7 61 7 Enoa 15 60 80 13
Time— 1-16, :07; 5-16. :30«4; 9-16, :56; e^f, l:22iL Good start. Won easing up. Second and
third driving. Winner. William CahiU's b. g. by Russell-Active. Nothing to it from start
but winner. Grand Sachem should have been second. Meehanus badly cut off on back
¦ y-r^^y^^r^^-^-u-u-u
1O2O. THIRD RACE— Three furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, 34C0.
~ Po! [>. Betting
Index Horse and Weight. Pst St. H. %. Str. Fin. Jockeya. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
1578 Prestano 105 8 2 ... 3h ... 11 Mounce .... 4 i 7-8 7-5
1578 Dr. Scharff 108 8 3 ... 1 % ... 2 2 Bassinger.. « 7 « .-¦.-*.
1603 Sol Lichtenstein..IC3 12 9 ... 4 H ... 3 h» Kiley 3 5 5 .2
.... Mike Murphy 110 11 »?. 3 1 ... 4 h Fauntleroy 6 12 7 9-1
.... Torso Maid 110 6 10 6 1 ... 6 1 O'Connor ... 3 6 • .1
1602 J. V. Klrby 105 9 4 ... 6 3 ... 6 3 J. Woods... 3 18-5 16-5 J
.... Prestene no 3 7 ... 7 8 ... 7 2 Enos 19 20 to 8
.... Pepper Sauce ....US 4 6 ... 8 1 ... 3 1 Hennessy .. 10 15 15 5
1602 Dan Collins 105 10 6 ... 9 8 ... 9 Phelan 30 30 30 12
Little Master ...113 11 8 ... 10 ... 10 J. Daly 20 40 40 12
.... Alta C colt 113 7 11 ... 11 ... 11 Pann 30 W 60 JO
1602 |Lento .1Q8| 6 18 ... 13 ... 13 (Buchanan .. 15 23 20 »
Time— M :12%: %, :37. Good start. Won flret three driving. Winner. W. B. Jennings &.
Co.'b cn. gr. by imp. Prestonpans-Katlo Fletcher. Prestano Is came and fast. Dr.
Scharff Inclined to run out at head of stretch. Llchtensteln ran a swell race after getting
away poorly. Mlk« Murphy will do. Klrby got In the deepest going.
1G21. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse. $350.
I lPo.l j f Betting — >
Index Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeya. Op. HI. Cl. PL
1184 Rollick. 8 103 E 1 M4 Ti lli 1 % 'O'Connor ... 3-3 2 9-5 7-10
1593 Necklace, a 107 11 IH12 2h 8% Mounce 7-2 13-5 7-2 7-5
14=0 Gold Badge. 3.... 91 6 8 41 44 4 10 3h J. Walsh.... 1 13 15 5
1607 Flatterer. 3 104 3 2 3 3 !H 32 4 10 J. Daly 3 6 9-2 7-5
Ii37 Sam Howard, 4. .111 83 61 51 E4 6 10 Buchanan 6 IS 12 4
1S17 La Mascotta, a..lW 46 7 7 62 62J. Woods.... 8 15 15 5
15S3 Telephone Olrl. 3. 89 7 7 Ht » 7 7 J. T. Woods 10 13 12 4
T.'me— M. :25U: %» :50»4; H. 1:16U- Bad start. "Won first three driving. "Winner. Burns &
Waterhouse's ch. g. by Take Notice-Happy Maiden. O'Connor put up a superb ride on
Rollick. Necklace beat the others away. Flatterer fell asleep under weak riding. Line
and Telephone Girl will do to _rtng_ u p_when_ l^JF _ d £*l 9 i
3B22. FIFTH RACE — Mite and 60 yards; selling; three-year-olds and up: purse, $400.
___ _____ p 0 . ~ I, Betting
Index Horse, Age, Weight. Pst St. %. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
13S7 Horton. 5 109 3 3 8n 3n 22 13 O'Connor ... 3-2 8-5 8-5 1-2
(1C08) Bernota; 8 S«64 41 31 In 35 Uansch 8-5 3-2 *-2 1-2
1611 Sybaris, 6 106 11 12 11 31 34 J. Woods.... « 13 13 3
1C04 Lady Med'sme, 6.107 3 3 2 h 4^45 4 10 Buchanan ..5 6 M 1
1549 Mitten, 4 ..991 4] 5 5 6 6 5 S0II3 20 ISO 6& 13
Time— 60 yards, -MM: U. :2+»4 : %, :B0U: %. 1:17; mile. 1:44; lm EOyds. 1:47. Good start. "Won
eeslly. Second and third driving. Winner, J. McGovern's ch. h. by El Rayo- Fusillade's
Last. Differently ridden Bernota might have won. Why Ransch was given waiting orders
; on 86 pounds is a mystery. O'Connor simply smothered the smaller boy when It came to a
game of freeze out Lady Meddlesome look^ skeleton rigged.
1623. SIXTH RACK — Five and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse. J3C0.
_ ~ __ Bettlag
Index Horse. Age, Weight. Pst St %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. Pi.
1601 Saintly. 5 105 4 3 lllh In 11 J. Wooda.... 8 4 4 7-5
1,"S4 Osmond 5 103 7 3 SH 8n 313n O'Connor _. S 10 10 4
(1S44) Nora Ires, 5.. ....101 61 32 31 2H !H Mounce ._.. 4 4 4 7-5
1S83 Duckoy. 4 99 2 6 53 45 <H U Phelan 5 5 5 2
1599' Casdale. 5 102 3 5 66 6 10 61 64 Buchanan .. 6-8 3 8 1
1S21 Flamero. 5 103 6 4 4 >.i S 1 '* 10 6 15 Eaw 8 6 5 2
John Welch. 4.... 98 1 | 7 7 7 7 T J. T. Wood* IS 40 40 15
Time— 3-16. :19: 7-16. :43%; EV4f, 1:00. Bad start. Woa handily. Second and third driving.
Winner, G. W. Cushlng's br. g. by Imp. Midlothian- Angelique. Nora Ives and Saintly beat
" the others away from post' Casdale off very poorly. Flamero ' quit Scratched— Dunblane
101, Don Luis 102. Jerld 105. Simon D 103. Maud Ferguson 100.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
NO other feature of the sport at I
Oakland track yesterday, aroused I
so much interest as the third
kindergarten speed recital.
Twelve "baby" racers galloped
to the post with both Eastern, and Cali
fornia sires represented. Over a dash of
three furlongs through splashy mud the
youngsters trudged, with the winner turn
ing up in Walter Jennings' showy look
ing Prestano. a son of Imp. Prestonpona
and Katie Fletcher." On his first attempt
the Jennings entry looked the best, Btill
6 and 8 to 1 was laid in the eaxly betting.
When Caldwell sent the dozen away Dr.
Scharff outbroke tho others, leading well
into the stretch. Mounce then drew.the
whip on Prestano, the' two-year-old re
sponding like a veteran, collaring and
beating the Doctor out a length. Sol
Ldchtenstein. owned by Bam Hlldreth and
well bet on, came from behind, just beat
ing Mike Murphy a head for the show.
The latter is a son of Yankee VDoodle and
has been doing well in private and ran
a Bwagger race.
There was a largo crowd present, bount
ifully supplied with money. -Favorites
were unprofitable to follow, as but two,
Katie Gibbons and Rollick, landed first.
Unquestionably the presence of O Con
nor on her back made Katie Gibbons first
choice for the introductory overture. LJt
tle Minch Jr. headed the Honig castpff
into the stretch, when she gradually
edged to the front, beating the outsider
easily. Dunboy, a 30 to 1 shot, ran third.
Through a series of miscues Kiley at
the wheel aboard tho 3 to 5 chance Meeha
r.us, in the six and a half furlong sprint,
failed to get" Inside the money. J. Daly
on Prestidigitator made all the running,
winning easing up from Wallensteln, an
outsider. O'Connor astride the latter cut
off the favorite on the back stretch, after
which the Hildreth horse was never prom
inent. A deal of smart money went in on
the winner, the price at one stage ot the
betting being 6 to L
Had some other pilot than O Connor
been up on Rollick the black mare Neck
lace might have taken the fourth purse.
Mounce had her out in front until well
on toward the wire, when O'Connor
hustled the Burns & Waterhouse gelding
along, winning by half a length.
terer, which ran fourth, will do better
with a stronger boy than J. Daly on his
back. Rollick closed a 9 to 6 choice.
A nonsensical ride beat Bernota, post
favorite for the mile and fifty yard event,
decided under selling conditions, with
only a "catch" to carry. J. Ransch, under
wraps on Bernota. allowed. Sybaris to
make the running. When it came to cut
ting loose In the run home, O'Connor, witn
Horton, easily outflnished Ransch, reach
ing the wire first by two lengths. Sybaris
took the show. • '¦ *j_
Saintly, at odds of * to 1, captured the
last race of the day, at five and a half
furlongs. Johnny Woods got away well,
and holding Nora Ives eafe, won handily
by a length from Osmond. Casdale. the
favorite, never had much chance, as Bu
chanan got away in the rear of the bunch.
Track Notes.
The Judges were not fully satisfied with
the showing made by Meehanus, and are
investigating the ride of Kiley.
Ed Laurence, assistant secretary of the
Crescent City Jockey Club, left for New
Orleans yesterday. .
O'Connor carried off the saddle honors
by riding three winners.
Jim Neil owns a half interest in Mike
Murphy.
Barney Schrelber completed arrange
ments yesterday by which "Jimmy" Cof
foy will probably train his. crack Eastern
string, headed by Bannockburn. Jimmy
is a most careful, conscientious and pains
taking trainer, and the St. Louis layer of
odds made no mistake in his selection.
Schreiber may also send a string of horses
By JP. E. adTUX.HOIjLAlsro.
PRESTANO DEFEATS A BIG
BUNCH OF TWO- YEAR-OLDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY! JANUARY 10, 1901.
11
cutta, aged SI years 3 months and 18 days.
CT-Funeral services this day (Thursday), at
10 o'clock, at her late residence, 2723 Ban-
croft way, Berkeley. Interment private.
(ETTriends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 333 Pierce street, between Page and
Oak thence to Sacred Heart Church. Fell an.l
Ftllmore streets, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing; at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Crocs
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
WICKSON— In Berkeley, January S, 1901, Cath-
erine Ray Wickson, beloved wife of G. G.
Wickson Sr.. and mother of E. J. and G. G.
Wickson Jr. of Berkeley and Mrs. F. A. All-
worth of Ttoxweli. "Wash., a native of Cal-
\cr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his sister, Mrs. Charles Schiller, 73 Zoe street,
thence to St. Roue's Church for services,
commencing at 2:S0 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
WALSH— In this city. January 8. 1901, John,
dearly beloved husband of Norah Walsh, and
father of Thomas J.. Gregory L.. Mary, Mar-
garet. Paul D. and Cecelia Walsh, a native
•of the city of Cork, Ireland.
CTNotlce of funeral later.
SHEEHAN— In this city. January I, 1901, Dan-
iel Bheehan. beloved father of Daniel J. and
Julia Sheehan and Mrs. P. Cahlll of Sacra-
mento, a native of Cork, Ireland, aged 78
years.
BNODGRASS— In Wataonvllle, Cal., January 8,
1901. Ann Snodgrasa, beloved wife of Thomas
Snodgrass. a native of New York, aged 77
years.
STARK— In this city, January 9, 1901. Edwin
Leltch Stark, youngest son of William H.
and Mary Stark, and brother of George.
William and Herbert Potter Stark, a native
of San Francisco, aged 8 years 2 months and
21 days. \
SULLIVAN— In this city. January 9, 1901,
David, beloved son of the late Nash J. and
Mary Sullivan, and brother of Daniel, Willie,
Lizzie and Edward Sullivan, Mrs. Robert
Stackfleith and Mrs, Charles Schiller, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 16 years and 10
months. .
H7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from Westminster
Presbyterian Church, corner of Webster and
Page streets. "* Interment I. O. O., F. Cemetery-
MUELLER— In this city. January 9, 1901. Wil-
liam, husband of Augusta Mueller, father of
William Jr., Elsie, Walter and Otto Mueller,
and brother of Mrs. H. Rampe and John H.
Mueller, a native of Bremervoerde, Germany,
aged 39 years 8 months and 23 days.
¦ TcrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 12:80 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 933 Greenwich street, oorner of Jones,
thence to California Hall,' 830 Bush street,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Bremervoerde Vereln, commencing at
JjSO o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery. /
O'CONNOR— In this city, . January 7, 1901, at
the residence of his parents, 804 Pixley ave-
nue, off Fillmore street. John J. O'Connor,
dearly beloved son of William and Catherine
O'Connor, and brother of James, William Jr.,
Mary, Frank, Matthew. Edward and- Gertrude
O'Connor, a native of San Francisco, aged 23
years 1 months and 28 days.
PIQUE— In this city. January 9, 1901. Frances
Pique, widow of th» late Professor EJ. Pique,
and beloved mother (adopted) of Mrs. H. M.
Ames Jr., a native of Oxford. England, aged
80 years..*
POUNDSTONB— In this city, January 9, 1901.
Ella Monnette. beloved wife of Alvin L.
Poundstone. a native of Ohio, aged 60 yeara
9 months and 7 days.
REDINGTON— In this city. January 9, 1901.
at his residence, 262 Fell street. Francis,
dearly beloved husband of Margaret Reding-
ton, loving father of Annie and Katie Red-
ington. Mrs. W. P. Blake and Mrs. Peter
Kelly Jr., and brother of Joseph Redington,
a native of Klnss County, Ireland, asred 64
years and & months.
ET'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
ROBINSON — In this city. January 9, 190L
Geortro Henry Robinson, a native of Wlscon-
. sin. aeed 62 years.
and Nineteenth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electrio funeral car from corner
of Eighteenth and Church streets.
McCANN— In this city, January 8. 1901, Kath-
erine McCann, a native of New Tork, aged 60
years S -months and 20 days.
MBCREDY— In this city, January 8, 1901, at
her residence, 1LU Hyde street, Elizabeth, be-
loved wife of the late Alexander Mecredy,
and mother of Alexander, Henry R,, John,
William N., Joe and Maggie Mecredy, Mrs.
W. R. Hughes of Los Angeles and Mrs. Agnes
J. Schulthels, a native of County Down, Ire-
land, aced 75 years. . ¦
(Cr Funeral services and- Interment private.
MOWRY— In this city, January 7, 190L Laura
A. Mowry, beloved mother of Ellen M. and
George B. Mowry, and aunt of Evelyn F.
Steere, a native of Khoda Island, aged 71
years 3 months and 7 days.
That Special Sale
Black Silks
We wish to remind you of the extraordinary values
in new high-grade silks, which were advertised in last
Sunday's papers, in which the weaves were named and
the prices quoted.
-, Owing to the magnitude of this purchase our assort-
ment is still complete notwithstanding the immense crowds
that have attended the sale during the first part of the
Hosiery and Underwear
Greatly reduced prior to stock taking
The quotations that follow stand for great value, but
they do not do justice to the variety of bargains offered—
nothing but a personal visit can do that. The prices
have been so greatly reduced, because the goods are odd
sizes:
Ladies' $1.50, ribbed wool vests, long sleeves, reduced
to 75c each. - ;/*
Ladies' $2.75 ribbed wool tights, ( reduced to $1.75
a pair. *2)
Ladies' unshrinkable wool unioh suits, short sleeves,
ankle length, regular price $3.00, sale price $2.00 a suit.
Ladies' Swiss-ribbed wool union suits, low neck and no
sleeves, ankle length, regular price $4.00, sale price $2.50
a suit. •
Ladies' Swiss-ribbed lisle vests, long sleeves, regular
price 90c, sale price 50c each.
Ladies' Swiss-ribbed lisle vests, short sleeves, regular
price 75c, sale price 40c each. '
Men's white wool drawers, regular price $1.50, sale
price 75c each.
Children's ribbed wool union suits, long sleeves,
ankle length, regular price $2.25, sale price $1.25 a suit.
Misses' ribbed wool union suits, long sleeves, ankle
length, regular price $2.50, sale price $1.50 a s.uit. .,
Boys' natural wool imported drawers, regular prices
$1.40 to $2.00, sale price 75c a pair. I
Misses' natural wool pantalets, regular prices $1.10
to $1.90, sale prices 50c and 75c a pair.;
Infants' ribbed merino vests, long sleeves, regular
price 50c, sale price 25c .each.
Ladies' 50c fancy lisle hose, reduced to 25c a pair.
Ladies' fancy lisle, hose, regular prices 75c, $1.00 and
$1.25, sale price 50c a pair.
Ladies' $2.25 silk hose, reduced to $1.10 a pair.
Children's ribbed black cotton hose, size 6 only,
reduced to; 10c a pair. s "'
Children's ribbed bteck cottdh hose, sizes 5 to 8,.
reduced to 18c a pair. ~~
Children's 50c plaid hos^reduced to 15c a pair. •
Write for our illustrated catalogue.
129 Kearriy ; Street
PERSONALS,
RAG carpets wove to order aad for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer la
c:*rpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 708 Fifth. Oakland.
:< OR t - *'.-' to loan cn diamonds, sealskins, sil-
verware, all valuables. UN.CLB HARRIS, 1*
Grar.t avt.
rP.IV ATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. S67 Jessie st.
VOICE culture, p'.&na, French conversation by
Parisian teachers. 40S Golden Gate ave.
MATTRESSES A>s'D PILLOWS, tel. South 732,
niafle to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed ; feathers and hair cleansed ; fir.e uphol-
stery; goods care? silly packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKE BROS.. 318 ar.d t:0 llth st.
ELECTRIC Urht In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms;
SSe to SI 50 per eight; $1 EO to 15 per week;
free 'bus and borage to acd from the ferry.
Superfluous hair removed with electric needle;
electric roller facial treatment for wrinkles;
all branches tsusht. Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutler.
FIXE suits 310: dre*5 pants. « 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery Ft.
A— $1 53 DERBY and Kedora hata, $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. £S0 Kearny ft., near Pine,
FUIT8 to order on installments; *15 upward; II
a week. LEON LCMOS. 1117 Market St.. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
CO., lSlO-isii Stockton ft., r.ear Broadway.
6CTTS to crfier on easy payments. Art Tailor
lr.g Co.. 1€U Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ALFUEDUilS Errrt'-an Henna; restores pray
hair to Its natural co'.or; SI; at all druggists.
MAaanttmnH coftume*. play bocks, w1k«;
couT-try orders. GOLDSTEIN' & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTES French Corn Paint, the best
corn ci.Tf: n?: e'.I arurristc
THVSIC1AXS AIM> SCItGEOXS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1CS 1 * Market St., between Sixth and gevfnth.
PARALYPIF, rheumatism, asthma effectually
ctsred. PR J H. nEEVE, ?*H Kwray »t.
REAL ESTATE CITV — FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PABK LOTS.
New Hesolcrlcns for tae New Tear.
Invest Your Suralus In a Good Lot.
flCK> KM and tSDO— Very btst Ocean Boulevard'
residence lots; none can teat us; only JI
monthly.
fJOO to SSCO— Graded Pur.set. l?th avt. Boule-
vard and Richmond lots; J10 monthly.
JT5 to J100— Level Jrts r.ear Mission and San
Mateo electric cars; JS monthly.
$M0, rSO, COM ar.d J1D90 each— 4 eplmdid cot-
tages: pood locations; near cars; lur»e lots;
; fcyments t u .-: -• a* rent.
Branch ofice— Sth ave., near H St., Sunset.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room £4. Chronicle building.
T'nr.rrMPTORT order to sell by non-resident;
4 ins in Richmond that cost JJSO each at the |
plve-awe_y price of tlZo each; they are as- |
«*5£ed at almost double the price asked; Cali-
romla T.tle Insurance and Trust Co. will
crast cortiScate. \V. J. GUNN. CJO Califor- j
r. : .a st. . j
THE ch^ieert lots In Richmond with all street ?
¦cork ir-nc and ready for building offered it i
\<ry l«w prices; a few etej« from the cable |
&r.d electric cars, not far out; I can arrange ;
for easy payment*; tave your money in this
¦> -v and pet your home. W. J. GCN'S. £30 j
.ferula Ft., bet. llontrotaery and Kearny.
IF vou fcave property north cf the Park and
I [ -i wish to sell quickly. . then call on W. J.
CL'NN. ICC California st.
t >-ONE lot. CxUT:^ on Carroll st, between
and 'Vrillard: lot improved; ready to |
tu:ld; street pewered. Address 30S Paciflc St. j
Fi-'Fl BaJe — An except lonal barpaln in that ele- ]
{rant 10-room up-to-date residence. 775 Cole i
«-: elegantly decorated; open dally.
WANTED — City Income property and park lots.
AN'nRnw PRICK A- CO . 5i Kenrny rt.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
AT $4H per acre — tSt acres; nearly all tillable; !
E0 aeree perfect j,-ardea soil: some timber: ]
best watered ranch li th» county; rood and 1
ecir.plete set of buiMicgs; untQualed loca-
tion for r^adslie house, hotel, etc., if so j
desired: It's an exceptional opportunity: take i
ir.y a-3-rire; don't delay. N. D. SICICELS — ;
the LAXD AGENT, 6 <>eary M.
EANTA CLARA Valley homes at SSO an acre;
rich level fru'.t and v'.r.e land at Ban Martin j
ctaticn; new fi»pot; $5000 school; terms one- |
third csth, balance Installments or term of
year* to EUit purchaser; eucn chance unheard
of before- don't hesitate : write for catalogue.
"WOOSTER & WHITTON. San Jose. Cal.
CALL on MARION GRIFFIN. 713 Market eu.
ror circulars of farms and city property.
BARGAINS in country real estate, sale or ex-
<~t-,argp ANDPKTT PP.ICK &- CO.. Z'i K*amy.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
$2E0 CASH. ?15 monthly — A model home; new
lit-etory house of 6 rooms; porcelain bath;
plenty of closets; lovely, large, complete pan-
try; in fact, everything Is up to date; the lo-
cation is charming; Al soil and euperb cli-
mate; city n*ter; fewer; about 9 minutes'
easy walking Iron local steam cars; 1 square
from electric car line and close to a high-
grade public grammar echocl; neighborhood
well assured; adjoining East Oakland; price,
ell tola. J17S0; call or tend for circular. *S6
Seventh St.. Oakland, Broadway station: car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
IMCf— A .-...¦¦.: A. hos*.e of 4 rooms and bath; must
be Mild: CSth St.. near Telegraph ave.: 23x100.
A. J. SKTDER *: CO.. Real Estate. 4S7 Ninth
rt.. Oakland. Cal.
VTJi— 4 ROOMS; -2x100; must be sold. A. J.
FNTPFP. * rn «r: V1nth Ft.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FCBMTCBB FOR SALE, i
AN introduction to ycu from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOn UOCSEKEEPI\G.
EAXER, HIS— I large rasny rooms.
EDDY. T43— Hausekeepin* tid otier sunny
rooms; rest re&bona&le.
HIGHTH, MB — Front tulte cf rooms and
kitchen; furnished fcr housekeeping; bath.
KLLJS. 420— Hou«*k.eeptnt rooms aafl others;
hctfc; gunny-
ELLIS CO. corner Larkln— Slnrl* fumlehed
room; cu stovt; WelEbadx llffht; week or
month.
K1FTH. 2IS — 9 furn- housekeeplns: .$13: also 1
parlort. kitchen, bath. t20; single rs.. U to 13.
COLDER GATE are., €!5-S newly furnished
r&oEi. front aad back parior; ras. range;
rannisj water; private b«.th; central location.
HATES, 4»— Large furnished front room with
use cf kltcharu
LAR.KIN. t'.i— Two back rooms, fumlehed for
hoiur kaeplnsr; fU.
OAK, Il»— Or.* very rusnr room, furnished for
housekecp'.sf ; etove, cloeet, water; J8.
OAK, irs'-i— 3 furr/shed housekeeping room*.
baseTt.f-iit Coot, with yard; ill.
PERRT. 174—2 r.\cf\y furnished eunny rooms
with txth; boustla-tplng; hot and cold water;
rent reafeoaqble.
POLK, CC2— irnfurr^sliea and furnished rooms
for fcoufcf keeping.
THIRD. €K-J sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; us> of bath and wash tubs.
CLASSIFIED e«vertie*>ment» and subscriptions
received at Cai! branch office. 2S00 Fillmore 6t.
KOO3IS TO LET — Fnrn. and tnfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 121 Grant tv«.-L!<«t dol-
lar a cry family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modem conveniences;
rooms SCc up: first -class meals 23c; free coach.
A-BRUNEWICK House. MS Sixth— Rooms 25o
¦ to II per nirnt; SI 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BUCHANAN. «0fr— A few furnished rooms, en
culte or single; all newly furnished. •
UUmCEl'T. J42S • Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
r.ithed nns., suites, single; also unfurnished.
UVEH. C20 (The Elk)— Nicely . furnished sunny
rrr.s; <5ay. 2Sc up: wk.. »1 V) up. Mrs. P. Itar.rt.
-CLINTON'." 17 PoJk. nr. Mkt.— Finely furn.,
en suite, single; reasonable; hot, cold water.
nr>I»T, C1&— Nicely furnished room and office,
with running water, suitable for a -doctor;
tplendid location. --
CLLIS, T<3— Large front room for 1 or ! gen-
tlemen; rent reasonable^
f:LLJ8. 7C5— Newly furnlFhed room; private
family; ue« of piano and parlor; tl.
F7FTH, 264— Purriehed rear room for French
lady. K: housekeeping If desired.
roi-SOM, E2>— Large bay-window front room,
nicely furnSshed with all convenience*, for
3 gentlemen; pitrate family.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrii. and Cnfnni,
3EART. 405(The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
nns; suites or tingle; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 4t»— Small sunny room;
double bed; closet; gas; t7. ¦»
3 RAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
JESSIE. 863. near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms. <4 and 16; housekeeping. $9.
LAB PALMA8. 1820 Market St.— Suite of I or 8
rms; private; bath: fin, rms: board optional.
LEWIS plaoe, 18— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let; single or en suite.
MINNA. U7. bet. 3d and 4th (New York House)
Single, double and housekeeping rooms.
MfNNA. 667. corner Elghth-Nicely furnished
bay-window room. <1 P*r week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. S2 a week up; 85o a day up.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
UOSEDALE House. «!»-*" *="»» " t "- Ro ° I " i -
night. 25c to »l: week, tl 25 to >4; open night.
ROYAL House, 12« Ellis st.— Incandescent light;
readlng-rocm. smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor- rooms, per night. 83c to « 60; week. $2 to
18- month. JS to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
BUTTER. SIUH— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated ; glngie rooms. 19; suites. $13 to »25 mo.
BUTTER. 5T»— Convenient, well-furnlebed front
offices or desirable living rocma. ,
VALENCIA, 128— Sunny furnished front bay-
window room: suitable for 2; apply upper flat.
VAN NESS are.. 1401 and 1403, NW. cor. Bush
-n^pant sunny suites and apartments for
housekeeping; private baths, telephone, elec-
tric llrhts; sun all day; gas ranges; running
water in every room; will be arranged, clean-
f-3. ralnted and newly furnished to suit.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grac*
Church, with annex 807 California st., may
be found a most exceptionally good table at-
tractlve and sightly rooms at modest rates.
~LLIS. £73— Rooms and board for 1 or 3 ge»-
tlrmen: terms reasonable.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
fOUNG man Just discharged from army would
like room and board; home comforts; will
pay In advance. Box 967. Call office.
SPECIAL JVOTICES.
LADIES— Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; eafe. reliable: take no other;
eend 4o stamps fcr particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" in letter by return mail; at drug-
glsts. .Ctilchester Chemical Cc. Phlladel.. Pa.
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 8L l?00-The secretary
cf the San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum Society, situated on Halght street, hereby
rives notice that the following orphan and
half -orphan girls and boys have been received
at the institution from July 1, 1500 to Janu-
ary L U01: Julia Rtese. 14 yrs. 4 mos.; Annie
Hanike. S yrs. 11 mos.; Mary W. Peterson, 11
yrs. 8 mos.; Mary P. Scott. 7 yrs. 5 mos.;
Mary E. Cummlngs, 4 yrs. 4 mos.; Hilda Olsen,
l»yrs. 10 mos.; Annie E. Zwaal, 6 yrs. 4 mos. ;
Herman Hanike, 8 yrs. 8 mos. ; Willie Ran*
kin, 14 yrs. » mos.: Charles A. Peterson, S
yrs. S mos.: Hugh Cavanaugh, 7 yra. 7 mos.;
Clarence Cavanaugh, 6 yrs. ; William J. Boott,
fe jrs. t mos. ; Edward Cummtngs, 8 yrs. 2
rcos.: Charles J. Zwaal, 5 yra. 1 mo.; Harold
F. Elliot. 7 yrs.; John H. Hansen. 8 yrs. 2
mos. : Richard J. Nlcholdson. 7 yrs. 4 mos.,
and Stewart H. Elliot. 6 yrs. 5 mos.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby gives notice that they have
admitted into the Orphanage from July 1. 1900,
to December 31, 1&0O, the following named or-
phans and half -orphans, boys and girls:
Katie Stein, 12 yrs. 2 mos.; Julia Stein, 10 yrs.
C mos.; Ida Stein, S yre. 3 mos.; A. H. Frank,
11 yrs. S mos. ; Edna Fran!:, 10 yrs. ; Freder-
ick Bebergal!. 10 yrs. 9 mos.; Dora Levy, 9
yrs. 7 mos. ; Louis Levy. 7 yrs. 10 mos. ; Jacob
Shaphran. 10 yrs. 8 mos.; Sam Shaphran, 8
vrs. ; Annie Shaphran, 6 yrs. 2 mos.; Esther
Forman, 10 yrs. 6 mos.; Etta Forman, 7 yrs.
<3 moe. ; Bertha Forman. 5 yrs. 2 mos. ; Mollie
Forman, 3 yrs. 6 mos. ; Frank Shaphraa, 4 yrs.
? mos. ; Mary Laser, S yrs. 3 mot. ; Augusta
Laser, 6 yrs. 11 mos.; Cella La«er, 10 yr3. 9
moe.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanape. T20 Leke St., Ban Francisco. Cal.,
has rc-ceived the following orphans, cne-half
orphan and abandoned girls from Oct. L
1K-0, to Jan. 1, 1901. Elizabeth II. Godwin. 8
years 4 months; Mabel Godwin. 7 years 6
months: Graoe E. Godwin. 6 years; Hlldreth
Clark. 13 years: Lillian E. Wood, 11 years 2
months; Ethel Wood, 8 years 7 months: Lau-
ra Schultz, 9 years 6 months: Myrtle Medlen,
11 years 2 months; Hazel W. West. 6 years:
Zerneene E. Blyth. 9 years 6 months; E'ith
M. Clothier. S years 7 months; Ruth Clothier,
3 years 5 months.
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41*; Vrlr-tP'TV *t r"r>m« »-1O- t»! 55S8.
SE\VI>G MACHINE!) AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought. Bold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, scld rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 «th; phone Mint 5.
SLOT MA CHINKS.
SLOT machines— Latest style: HO each. 11S7
Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-R^D^LipH~itoragT^jj?^Io^in7~Co7;
oC.ee, Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main E713.
W1L.SOX BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st. ;
tel. Main 1F40; shipping at cut rates.
TELEPHONES.
TELEPHONES, house or private lines, U 60 a
¦et; electrical work Installed. 153S Pt. Lobos.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINsTlN TrPEWRiraRS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals, J3. The Typewriter
Exchange, £36 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery st.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
EHERIFirS 8 ALE— HUGH H. BEGGS, plaln-
tlft, vs. AGNES V. NOLAN, defendant. Bale
Justice's Court, No. 14,427. Execution:
Under and by virtue of an execution. Issued
cut of the Justice's Court of the city and coun-
ty of San Francisco, Bute of California, on the
Id day of November. A. D. 1&00. in the above
entitled action, wherein HUGH H. BEGGS,
the above named plaintiff, obtained a Judgment
against AGNES V. NOLAN, defendant, on tha
llth day of September, A. D. 1900, which Bald
Judgment was recorded In the Clerk's office of
eald court. I am commanded to sell all the
tight, title and Interest of the above named
defendant. AGNES V. NOLAN In and to all
that certain lot, piece or parcel of land, situ-
ate, lying and being In the city and county of
Ban Francisco, State of California, and bounded
and described as follows:
Commencing at the • southwest corner of Sac-
ramento and FUlmore streets, running thence
southerly along the westerly line of Fillmore
street, "t feet and S Inches; thence at right an-
gles westerly 106 feet and 3 Inches; thence at
rlrht angles northerly and parallel with Fill-
more Btreet 79 feet and 6 Inches; and thence at
right angles easterly 108 feet and S Inches to
the point of commencement.
Public notice Is hereby given that on Fri-
day, the llth day of January. A. D. 1901. at 12
o'clock noon of that day. In front of the New
City Hall, Larkln street wing, in the city and
county of Earn Francisco, I will. In obedience
to Eald execution, sell all of the right, title and
interest of tbe above named defendant. AGNSS
V. NOLAN, In and to the above described
property, or eo much thereof as may be neces-
tary to raise sufficient money to satisfy said
Judgment, with .Interest and costs, etc., to the
highest and best bidder, for lawful money of
the United States.
JOHN LACKMANN, Sheriff.
E&n Francisco, December 20, 1900.
B. M. MASSET.
Room SS3.- Clans Bpreckels building. San Fran-
cisco. Attorney for Plaintiff.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. /
brVTDEND 'NOTrCE-^Dlvldend No. 17 (twen-
ty-five cents per share) of tbe Hutchlnson
Sugar Plantation Company will be payable
at the office of the cumpany, 227 Market St.,
Ban Francisco, Cal., on and after ' Monday,
January 21, 1T01. Transfer books close on
Tuesday. January 15, 1901. at S o'clock p. m.
E. H. KHKT.DOX. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE.-The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco.— At a regular meeting
of the Board of Directors of this Bank, held
January 8, l$01. a dividend was declared for
the half-year, ending 21st December, 19C0, at
the rate of seven (7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after tht 15th lnst. Transfer
books will Jae closed from the 10th to the 15th
lnst., both days Inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
January 8. li^L .
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. A dividend. No. 25, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, 430 Califor-
nia street San Francisco, on January 10. 190L
Transfer books close January S. 1901, at noon.
A. A. SPARKS.
3IVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 2J (thirty
cents per ehare) of th« Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
of the company. 227 Market st.. on and after
Thursday, January 10, 180L Transfer books
closed Thursday. January 8, 1901, at J o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
PROPOJAL9. : 0
U Vi 8t ENGINEER Office, Flood bulldlngr,
Ban Francisco Cal., January 8. 180L— Sealed
proposals for building wing dams In Sacra-
mento River, between Sacramento. CaL, and
mouth of river, wUl be received here until
u noon. February 18, 1B0L Information on
applicaUon. W. H. HETJER. Lieut. Col. En-
gineere.
U c 8 - ENOINBER Offica, Flood building.
Ban Franolaco. Cal., January 8, 190L— Sealed
proposals for building: steam vessel will
be received here until 1J m., February 8.
1901, and then opened. Information furnished
on application. CHAS. E. L, B. DAVIS.
- Major Engineers.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
¦nJ! aul , A - Dunphy. 17. 81* Eddy street, and
Edith L. Gardiner, 18, 812 Eddy street.
Benedetto Tre-nto. 88, 75 Boardman plaoe, and
M »rta Perata, 34, 9 Cayuga avenue.
Thomas W. Blackburn. 84. 830 Market street,
and Lucy Langford. SO. San Leandro.
Froeper Metz. 21, 716 Union street, and Rose
LorenEo. 17, 4lJ Green street.
Oeorge A. Yocum, 25. 1433 CaUfornla street,
and Gertrude F. Bagnail, 19. 707 Mason street.'
William C. Zlmmermann, 34. 2S09 Pine street,
and Josephine C. Pedrazrl. 19, 128 Bartlett st.
Antonio Clnquinl, fc4, 145 Page street, and
Maria Begarinl, 18, 1B11 Dupont street.
Roy A. Powers, 24, 714 Polk Btraet, and Julia
Benfeldt, 24. 714 Polk street.
August W. Johanson, 85, 16 Reed street, and
Mamie I. • Barto, 26, 4062 Seventeenth street.
Sven Danielson, 31, 644 Sacramento street,
and Slgred Ofalson. 80. 10 Washington street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
BEHREk-In this city. December IS, 1900, to
the wrife of Ernst J. Behre. a son.
"WHITE— In this city January 8, 1901, to the
wife of Horace G. White Jr.. a son.
WHITTEN— In this city, January. 9. 1*01. to
the wife of C. F. Whltten, a daughter.
MARRIED.
CORBIN— BURRKLL— In this city, January 8,
1901, by Judge Dunn, Charles T. Corbin of
San Francisco and Cora M. Burrell of Napa
at*-.
DENNETT— FERREIRA— In this city^Manu-
ary 8, 1901. by the Rev. F. A. Doane. Wil-
liam O. Dennett and Marie Ferrelra, both of
Ban Francisco.
GREEN— CARTER— In Bunol, at the residence
of the bride's mother, January 1, 1901. by the
R«v. W. H. Cboke, Charles A. Green and
Daisy Belle Carter, both of Bunol.
6D3VERS— BURKET— In this city. January 7,
180L by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, John
Slavers of San Francisco and Emma Burket
of San Rafael.
DIED.
Anderson t Au(^ust W. McCann, Katherine
Bowles, jHerbert A. Mecredy. Elizabeth
Christy. Augusta Mowry, Laura A.
Clark. Carrie M. Mueller, William
Cuello, Mary J. O'Connor. John J.
Dean, John J, Pique, Frances
Ehm, Ro6le A". Poundstone, Ella
Gardella, Glovanna Redington, Francis
Haberli. Fredrick Robinson, George H.
Hlckey, Mrs. Cather- Sheehan, Daniel
ine E. Snodgrass, Ann
Joslln, Charles A. Stark, Edwin L.
Kellner, Man- E. Sullivan. David
Levy. Alphonse J. Walsh, John
Long. Louisa Perry Wickson. Catherine
ANDERSON— In the City and County Hospital.
January 8, 1901, August W. Anderson, a na-
tive of Norway, aged 28 years.
BOWLES— In this city, January 8, 1901. Her-
bert Arthur, beloved son of Josephine Johan-
sen and Arthur Bowles, a native of Benlcla,
Cal., aged 1 year 5 months and 23 days.
CHRISTY— In this city, January 8. 1901. Au-
gusta, beloved wife of the late Robert
Christy, and mother of Miss Emma Christy
and Mrs. Robert ilcGahey, a native of Bres-
lau, Germany, aged 67 years 6 months and 8
days. '
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. Robert McGahey. 521
Douglass Elreet, between Twenty-first and
Twenty-second. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. S)
CLARK— In this city, January 8. 1901, Carrie
M., beloved wire of Frank A. Clark, and
daughter of the late ColoneLF. G. B. Tlttel.
a native of San Francisco. (New York pa-
pers please copy.)
ETTrienas and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the runeral this day
_ (Thursday), at 1:80 o'clock, from her late res'-
• dence, 109 Oak street, thence to St. Stephen's
Church, Fulton Btreet, between Webster and
' Fiilmore, for services. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery-
CCELLO— In this city, January 9, 1901, Mary
J., beloved wife of Joseph Cuello, and mother
of Joseph J.' Cuello, a native of Mexico, agrt
42 years and 5 months.
(TT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:20 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street,
thence to Yglesia de Nuestra Senora de Gua-
dalupe, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, oom-
menclng at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DEAN— In Haywards, January 9. 1S01, John
J. Dean, beloved husband of Johanna Dean.
and father of Dr. A. J. Dean, a native of
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 60 years and 8
months. )
C7" Friend* and acquaintances" are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
• dence. thenca to the All Saints' Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
tbe repose of his soul. Interment Haywards
Catholic Cemetery.
EHM— In this city. January 8", 1901. Rosle A.,
beloved wife of Paul J. Bhm and mother of
Paul, Roele. Flossie, Ella, Osoar, Dora and
the late Charles, George and Eugene Ehm, a
native of Danzig, West Prussia, Germany,
aged SS years 7 months and 29 days.
(G/Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Boniface's Church, Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Jones and Leavenworth streets, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. «.
GARDELLA— In this city. January 8, 1901. Glo-
vanna. Gardella. beloved wife of Giuseppe
Gardella, a native of Orero, Italy, aged 88
years.
[CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the Italian
Church. Sts. Peter and Paul's, corner of Fil-
bert and Dupont streets. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. N. B.— At 10:30 o'clock Jan-
uary 10, 1901. there will be celebrated a re-
quiem high mass for the repose of her soul.
Please omit flowers.
HABERLI— In Vallejo, January 7, 1901, Fred-
rick Haberli, father of William T., George
W. and the late Frederick V. Haberli and
Mrs. F. F. Boyd. a native of Switzerland,
aged 68 years 6 months and 13 days.
|C7'F > riend9 and acquaintances and comrades
of Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R., and mem-
bers 6f Musicians' Union are respectfully In-
vited to attend the funeral this day (Thurs-
day), at 10 o'clock, from B*nal B'rith Hall.
121 Eddy street. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Remains at the parlors of A. W. Martin
& Co., 118 Geary at.
HICKET— In this city, January «, 1901, Mrs.
Catherine E. Hlckey, a native of Missouri,
aged 7<J years 8 months and S days. (Eastern
papers please copy.)
CT'The funeral took plaoe January 7 from
Et. Ignatius Church, where a requiem mass
W8S celebrated for the repose of her soul at
9:30 o'clock. The remains were placed In the
family vault In Holy Cross Cemetery.
JOSLIN— In this city, January 8. 1901, Charles
A., husband of Adella Joslln, and eon of the
late Alfred end Nancy JosUn. "a native of
Blackstone, Mass., aged 62 years 7 months
and 8 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker <fc Lunt, 2t$6 Mission street.
Mission Masonic Temple. Interment National
Cemetery. Presidio.
KELLNER (nee FOSTER)— In this city, Janu-
ary 8, 1S0L Mary Ellen, dearly beloved wife
• of Clifton George Kellner, a native of San
Francisco, aged 29 years and 15 days.
B7Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 70S California street.) thence to St.
Mary's (Paullst Fathers) Church, . northeast
corner of California and Dupont streets,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at id o'clock, thence to Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
LEVY — Entered into rest. In this city, January
7, 1901, Alphonse J.. youngest and beloved son
of Rabbi and Mrs. M. S. Levy, and brother of
Sol J., Herman M. of Honolulu, Miriam B.,
Ida T. and Welcome Ray Levy, /a native of
California, aged 22 years and 6 months.
E7Funeral this day (Thursday), at 10
o'clock, from the family residence, 1359 Poet
street, and thence by 11:30 o'clock train to
New Salem Cemetery for Interment. Please
omit flowers.
CONGREGATION Beth Israel— The ofneers and
members of this congregation are hereby no-
tified to attend the funeral of Alphonse J.
Levy, son of their esteemed. Rabbi. M. B.
• Levy. By order MARCUS LEVY. Sec
LONG — In this city. . January 9. 1901, Louisa
Perry, beloved wife of George Searley Long,
and mother of Louisa S., George B. and Mary
6. Long, a native of England, aged 65 years
2 months and 4 days.
E7Fri):nda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 676 Church street, between 4 Eighteenth
HENRY it. GALLAGHER CO.
* (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln . School.
Telephone South 80.
T UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
?7 and 29 Fifth st.. Tel. South 1«7. .
I0NERAL DIRE0T0a3 AND EMBALMER3
Finest Equipment at Moderate - Rates.United States Marshal; Shine appointed
William P. Gamble yesterday. a~s a deputy
marshal In bis office to take the place
made- vacant by the death of Sheldon T
M,onckton. Mr. < Gambio comes from Mo
desto, - -...
William P. Gamble Appointed.
Abraham Roberts, a Grand Army vet
eran and United States pensioner, fell
dead in the washroom of I fil4 Howard
street yesterday forenoon. > He was a wid
ower 70 years old. His, death was due to
natural causes.
Old Soldier Dies Suddenly.
The California Schuetzen Club held its
yearly general meeting last night at Eln
tracht Hall and elected the following offi
cers to serve during the ensuing year-
President, Philo Jacoby; vice president
A. Rahwyler; first secretary, T. J. Car
roll: second secretary. Charles Sagehorn
treasurer. Otto Bremer;. first shootinc
master, J. C. Waller; second shooting
master, C. M. Henderson; third S>\ "|
master, A. F. Schrumpf; trustees— L C
Babln F. A Kuhls. H. Gumbel; finance
committee— A. L. Ott, Charles Simon; di
rectors—Philo Jacoby, F. Levers bttn
Bremer, L. Reubold, A. Strecker ' L <¦
Babin, H. Stettin. "«.Ker, U C.
California Schuetzen's Officers.
Escaped Convict Rearrested.
. After enjoying almost a year of liberty
a convict named McDermit, who on the
14th of January, 1900. accompanied by three
companions, succeeded in' cutting his way
to freedom through the roof of the Branch
County Jail, was yesterday recaptured by
Officers Tracy, Hinze and Butler while he
was loitering on Howard street. McDer
mit ; had been sentenced to serve six
months' imprisonment for petty larceny
and had Only served half of his time when
he succeeded in affecting his escape. The
prisoners who escaped with him have not
yet been apprehended. '-;¦>.; . : ; v
Ohioans Prepare to Receive Quests.
The Ohio Society of California had a
large attendance at their meeting la-t
night. A communication was read from
the society's president. J. M. Gleaves, who
Is now in Washington, stating that Presi
dent McKinley, the Governor of Ohio
and the latter's Btaff would attend the
launching of the battleship Ohio here
next May. The Ohioans have "already
made many preparations to receive the
distinguished visitors in grand style
They will *be banqueted at the Palace
Hotel, orders having been given to pre
pare a sumptuous repast for the largest
number the hotel can accommodate. The
certificate of incorporation applied for by
the society has been received
Captain Seymour is satisfied that Dar
ling was only a "tool" in the hands of
Lewis and that he was induced to pre
sent the forged document to the Record
er on the representation that the deed
was genuine Lewi* will be formally
charged with forgery to-day. y
Charles Darling, who was arrested
Tuesday with "Major" Edwin Lewis for
trying to palm oft a forged deed to a cer
tain piece of property at Jackson and
Laurel streets, was released from cus
tody yesterday by order' of Captain of
Detectives Seymour.
Was Only a "Tool" for Major
Lewis.
Captain Saymour Satisfied That He
DABLJNG RELEASED
FROM CITY PRISON
Humanitarian Society Meeting.
Secretary M. J. White s report was
read. It showed that a great deal of good
work had been -done during the year.
The annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Society for the Prevention of Cruel
ty to Children was held yesterday In the
rooms of that organization in the Par
rott building. .There was a large attend
ance. The following named vice presi
dents were elected for the ensuing year:
Andrew B. McCreery, George H. Prescott,
James B. llaggin, Alvinza Hayward, I>.
O. Mills. Oliver Eldridge, William F.
Whittier. Charles Holbrook. Henry L.
Dodge. John Birmingham, George C Per
kins, Lorenzo • H. Sweeney, Alexander
Boyd, Levi Strauss, John D. Thompson,
B. P. Flint, S. W. Rosenthal, W. P;
Bourne, William Pierson and John It.
Spring. The following named directors
were- chosen: Charles Sonntag, Gilbert
Palaehe, George A. Newhall, A. Roman,
John Sroufe, Clinton E. Worden, H. !>.
Davis. C. M. Volkman, John F. Merrill,
I.icuis F. Monteagle and Francis H. Pit
man.
San Francisco Fruit and Flower Mis
sion Is Doing Noble and Effi
cient Work.
That the members of the San Francisco
Kruit and Flower Mission are doing noble
work among the poor and afflicted of this
city was evidenced in the reports read by
the various officers of the organization at
its annual meeting yesterday. The rooms
of the charitable society at 631 Sutter
street were filled with ladies, who are well
known in local society circles.
The session was called to order by Miss
Miriam K. Wallis, the retiring president,
who thanked the members for their pres
ence and commended them on the splendid
work done during the past year.
Misa Corinne Cook, the retiring secre
tary, gave an interesting account of the
work done by the organization. She re
counted at length how more than a thou
sand families were gladdened on Thanks
giving day with sumptuous dinners, which
they cooked and enjoyed at their own fire
sides. - - -
Miss Hannah LI Leszynsky, the treas
urer, told how prosperous the society was
but expressed the hope that more sub
scribing- members could be induced to add
their names to the already long list.
A special vote of thanks was tendered
the retiring president and the other offi
cers for the efficient services rendered
during the past twelve months. An elec
tion of officers was then held and resulted
in the selection of the following ladies-
President, Miss Muriel Wemple- first
vice president, Misa Miriam K. Wallis
second vice president, iMrs. George H*
Buckingham; recording secretary Miss
ISdlth Henrici; corresponding secretary
Miss May Marsh; treasurer. Miss Hanna'h
L.. Leszynsky; directors — Miss Belle Ar
mer, Mrs. George Buckingham, Miss Co
rinne Cook, Miss Edith Henrici, Miss Han
nah Lesz> r nsky, Miss Florence Lippitt
Miss May Marsh. Mrs. Alfred E. Raas
Miss Miriam K. Wallis. Miss Muriel Wem
pie and Mrs. Irvin J. Wiel.
COMFORTING THE POOR
AND AFFLICTED ONES
became such last night that E. F. Zehler.
the steward, found it necessary to dis
charge him. Schmidt became furious
when Informed of his dimi.=sal. and. arm
ing himself with a large carving knife,
POWed that he was going to kill Zehler.
Zehl^r called for assistance and Kred
Haas, the cook, went to aid him. Schmidt
was chasing Zehler around the dining
rcom lunging at him with the knife when
Haas approached him from behind and
attempted to pinion his arms The
waiter fought with the desperation of a
madman and when Zehler approached to
get the knife away from him he made sev
eral attempts to use It. After a short
but severe struperle Schmidt was dis
armed, but not before having his hand cut
while trying to retain possession of the
knife. He quieted down after beinp dis
armed, but it was thought advisable to
pummon police assistance, as It was
feared that he might make another at
tempt on the life of Zehler. While
S*!? 11 ! 1 *.* the arrlval of a Policeman
Schmidt sprang away from his captors
and before they could catch him again he
shoved his hand through a glass door'
He was first taken to the Receiving Hos
pital for treatment and after the wounds
Sp fn &?%Z? r *Jir s llJo e n To S^Tr
K&a^/asivr 1111 a dcadly weapon -
ArrrT?d With a Knife He F.ghts Desperately
at the San Francisco Verein.
William Schmidt, a waiter, employed in
the San Kranebco Vcrein on the cornor
t't Post and I>>Hvonworlh streets, ran
amuck last night and fur a short time
terrorized the other help. Schmidt had
li«on drinking heavily and his condition
WILLIAM SCHMIDT, WAITER, MAKES
ATTEMPT TO KILL E. F. ZEHLER
William Tieman stabbed his brother,
Henry, shortly after midnight this morn
inp in the Cabin saloon at 147 Third street.
The row was caused through William's
As the police officer.? were changing
watch at" the Central police station at
midnight last night, * rather unusual oc
currence took place. Two solicitors for
an Eastern publication went down the
line of fifty bluecoats and besought each
one to sign for a year's subscription.
iThe agents evidently had the permlv
slon of tome one in authority in the de
partment to approach the patrolmen. The
policemen seemed very favorably inclined
toward the proposition, for most of them
signed for ; a year's subscription, costing
<»)• . .- ' ¦ '¦¦»¦¦¦' "." ~* t ¦ ¦ ¦ -
Evidently With Permission, Agents
Tackle Policemen at Chang's
, of Watch.
SOLICITORS "HOLD UP"
LINE OF BLUECOATS
?*. Po !]S e offlce " were ' detailed to watch
the Tiernan home and arrest William if
he appeared. ¦ . ¦¦ ,• • .
endeavors to get his brother to leave the
society of a dissolute woman and accom
panying him home. The latter, enraged
at the persistence with which his brother
attempted to drag him from his compan
ions, threatened to "lick" him, and In try-"
ing to do so > received a wicked knife
wound, which 'will probably prove fatal.
The knife entered Henry's right side be
tween the sixth and seventh ribs and
pierced one of his kidneys.
. The cause of the row was Annie Col
lins, a street walker, who for several days
had been enjoying the wounded man's
company, and drinking up the money
saved by him on the last trip of the trans
port Sherman, on which vessel he is a coal
passer.
Wlliam heard of his brother's niehtly
carousals with the woman and left his
home at 218 norland street, with the
avowed purpose of bringing him home.
He first entered "The Cabin" and inquired
for his brother ,-ind not finding him, pro
ceeded up Thirl street.
Ffo met his brother and the Collins wo
mim a few steps from the saloon and en
deavored to get Henry io come home His
demands were refused; and Henry and
the woman proceeded to the saloon. Wll
\}? n V ll C wed thein a"** apain argued with
¦mIW^,"* 1 was loia h0 would "B«t
licked" for his pains.
The men clinched and while locked In
ea ,,* « ther s embrace the knife was
wlelaea.
« A il te J gabbing his brother, William
vvalked out of Ihe saloon. Policeman Tyr
rell was called and had the wounded man
sent to the Receiving Hospital, where he
:was treated by Dr. McElroy, who pro
nounced the wound a serious one and per
haps, fatal ,
Mrs. Laura A. Mowry, one of the oldest
and test known residents of the Hayes
Valley district, died Monday evening in
i her he me at Toti Ivy avenue. Although she
! had been ailing for several weeks, her
j condition was not considered serious until
I last Sunday, when she was attacked with
! congestion of the ( lungs. She commenced
to sink rapidly, and despite the efforts of
her physicians nothing could be done to
prolong her life.
• Mrs. Mowry was born in Pascog, R. I.,
more than seventy-four years ago and
came to this city in 1S00 with her hus
band. Sylvester Mowry, who died in 1SS1.
In 1865 her husband purchased Hayes
Park and lived with hi3 family on the
grounds until 1S72, when the pavilion was
burned, entailing a heavy loss. Prop
erty was cheap in the valley district
when Mowry took up his residence there,
and foreseeing a future for the locality
he made large investments in realty that
is now of great value. Mowry Hall, on
the corner of Grove and Laguna streets,
is named after the family.
After the death of . her husband Mrs.
Mowry took charge of the property hold
ings, and the was accredited with
being one of the shrewdest business
women in the city. She was of
an extremely charitable nature and many
people in distress were quietly assisted by
her.
The deceased leaves two children. Miss
Ellen M. Mowry and George B. Mowry,
who has large mining interests in Butte
County. The funeral will take place this
afternoon from Westminster Presbyterian
Church, corner of Page and Webster
streets. The services will be conducted
by Rev. Eugene A very, pastor of the
£ h VV :hf .. an 4L Rev - M - L - Ber ser of East
Oakland. The pallbearers will be Joseph
Napthaly, John E. Miller. Edmund B
Learning. E. \V. Francis, S. D. Valentine
and John Trotter.
PASSES AWAV
•
j Mrs. Laura A. Mowry Suc
• cumbs to an Attack of
Lung Trouble.
OLD RESIDENT
PASSES AWAY
Schwiels listened attentively to the
story of the young fellow and when the
latter asked him to take a walk the un
suspecting man from Lake County fool
ishly consented. After walking several
blocks the bunko steerer stopped in front
of a lodging-house in the vicinity of Post
street and Grant avenue, and, after tell
ing Schwiels that he was anxious to see a
friend who lived in the place, he asked
him to accompany him to his room.
Of course, Schwiels had no objection and
together they went to a room on the up
per iloor. As Schwiels entered he was
surprised to see three men engaged in a
friendly game of poker. After a brief
conversation Schwiels' new found friend
was induced to take a hand, despite the
protest of the man from Lake County.
The first, "hand" dealt Schwiels'
"friend" was three aces and a pair of
deuces. Feigning surprise, he called
Schwiels ana showing him his hand he
asked him what he thought of it.
Schwiels expressed the belief that it was
the winning one and advised his "friend"
to bet it for all it was worth. After get
ting all his money into the "pot" the
bunko steerer turned to Schwiels and
asked him to advance him some money on
the hand as he was sure that it. would
win. Schwiels reached for his wallet
and taking out $70 in gold handed it to his
"friend." When the hands were shown
down Schwiels was startled to find that
the man who was betting against his
"friend" held foujr 1 tens.
After reaJlzlng he ' had been bunkeod
Schwiels went to police headquaters and
told his tale of woe to Captain Seymour.
Shortly afterward Policeman Livings ar
rested George Lester and Ed. Mahoney.
well-known "grafters." on suspicion of
being the men who bunkoed Schwiels. To
day an effort will be made to have them
identitied.
Arnot Schwiels, a recent arrival from
Lake County, is the latest victim of
bunko men. Yesterday morning he was
standing at Market and Montgomery
streets and was accosted by a well
dressed stranger, who engaged him in
conversation. The stranger represented
to Schwiels that his father was a banker
in Xew York and that he had left his
fond parent at Los Angeles, as he was
anxious to come to this city to see a
young woman with whom he was madly
infatuated.
Arnot Schwiels of Lake
County Is Boldly Roboed
by Sharpers.
GIVES HIS GOLD
T0 A BUNKO MAN
Henry Tiernan Gut, Perhaps Fatally, in Row
in Third Street Saloon.
STABS HIS BROTHER BECAUSE OF
HIS REFUSAL TO LEAVE A WOMAN
AFTER three days of hard work
the State Federation of L»abor
closed its convtntion last evening
in Pioneer Hall. The most im
portant business transacted yes
terday was the election of officers. The
result was as follows: President, CD.
Rogers of Typographical Union No. 36 <st
Oakland; first vice president, J. C. Netz
of Los Angeles Labor Council: second vice
president, H. W. Smith of Vallejo; third
vice president, J. W. Coon of San Jose
Federated Trades Council: fourth vice
president. I. Less of the Barbers' Union
of San Francisco; fifth vice president, M
O. Davis of Musicians" Union No. 6; sec
retary. Guy Lathrop of Carpenters' Union
Xo. 483; treasurer, Benjamin W. Smith
of Electrical Workers" Union Xo. 6 of San
Francisco.
At the morning session much time was
consumed in the hearing of arguments as
to whether or not the following clause
should be Inserted In the by-laws:
Party politics shall positively not be allowed
to be discussed In the conventions of this body.
ThiF. however, shall net be so construed as to
deprive this organization of tlic risht to put
its stamp of approval or disapproval upon
friends or enemies ,of labor, Irrespective of
party, or measures calculated to aftect the wel
fare of the laboring people.
Walter Macarthnr made strenuous ef
forts to prevent this clause being stricken
out and he eventually won his point.
The Bakers' Union introduced the fol
lowing resolution, which was adopted
amid great applause: ,
Whereas, The Journeymen Bakers' and Con
fectioners' t'nlon of California, numbering over
K.00 men, after yeans of struggling with the
conditions of its trade, having, with the assist
ance of Organized I Labor of this city, at last
The convention adjourned until January
6, 1902, and Vallejo was chosen as the
place of meeting after a spirited contest,
in which San Jose was a competitor.
It was. decided to pay the president of
the State Federation (.f Labor a salary of
J3 a day when actually employed on ac
tual federation work. The recretary's
stipend was fixed at 1100 a year. It was
also voted to place the per caolta tax at
2 cents per member T>er month.
The Cigar-makers! Union also presented
a resolution requesting- that all members
of trades unions when buying cigars
would be sure to purchase an article with
a white labor stamp. The motion was
adopted. . •
A resolution was adopted requesting
that the Legislature frame laws under
which teamsters might refuse to board at
a boarding-house run by the contractor*
for whom they were employed. Several
teamsters of the Teamsters* ¦ Union
thanked the delegates for their action and
explained that at the present time they
were comr>ellf« to b«»ard at their con
tractors' camps and tnat the charges for
board and room were exorbitant.
James Bowlan attempted to again get
his resolution through in reference to all
persons employed in the construction of
warships for the Unned States beinj;
American citizens. The motion was laid
on the table.
Resolved. That this convention take Imme
diate action to protect one of its largest unions
by requesting the American Federation of
Labor to endeavor to stop all Journeymen bakers
from cominsr to this State for at least one year
and re<iue»ting local papers to publish the
same.
won their hard fought battle, are now in dan
ger or being cast back into slavery once more
by the actions of their employers who are now
gathering bakers from all parts of the East
by advertising in all Eastern papers. Therefore,
be It
C. D. ROGERS, PRESIDENT OF THE TYPOGRAPHICAL UNION OF OAK
LAND. WHO WAS ELECTED PRESIDENT OF THE STATE FEDERA
TION OF LABOR YESTERDAY AT THE CIX5SIXG SESSION.
The Supervisors' Judiciary Commitee
decided yesterday to recommend Braun
hart's ordinance providing- for a two-and
a-half-cent warfare for pupils of public
and private schools. An amendment was
inserted in the ordinance making its pro
visions applicable only to pupils under
the age of eighteen years. The represen
tatives of the various itreet railroad com
panies, however, will be given a hearing
on the merits of the ordinance at a meet
ing to be held next Wednesday afternoon.
Chairman Braunhart slated that the flna!
action of the committee would depend on
any counter proposition that would bo
made by the street railway companies,
granting a reduction for pupils.
Attorney J. E. Fouids. representing the
Market Street Railway Company, said
ihat the committee should lirst determine
the jurisdiction of the board to pass such
an ordinance and after that its validity
if it should be adopted. Fouids said that
thp proposed ordinance was almost iden
tical with the Ma.-&achusetts statute,
which is now being '.-onsidereti by Lli.j
United States Supreme Court. He read a
decision from the Circuit Court, which
held the statute invalid and repugnant lo
the fourteenth constitutional amendment.
He mentioned another ooint at issue, in
volving the jurisdiction of the Board of
Supervisors in the suit brought by the
State Board of Railroad Commissioners
asainst the Market Street Railway Com
pany now before the California Supreme
Court to determine the right of tne com
missioners to fix fares for street railway,
companies.
Braunhart quoted a provision of the
charter which says that the i^oard of Su
pervisors .has power to lix, establish and
reduce the fares and chareres for trans
porting- passengers and goods thereon.
Comte suggested Miat the Market
Street Company make some counter prop
osition in the nature of a concession re
garding fares.
Age Limit Fixed at Eighteen Years.
Street Railway Companies to
Be Heard Before Final '
Action.
The Supervisors Recommend
OrdinaDce Providing for
a Half Rate.
LOW FARES FOR
SCHOOL CHILDREN
TxIK SAJi I'liAlviCiSoO UAIjL, THURSDAY, JAIn UAKY 1O, il> ;;":.
LABOR DELEGATES
END THEIR WORK
By-Laws Are Adopted and New
Officers Elected.
12
MA /T^ ¥VT IT 1XT9(C^
Remnoval Sale
In about two months we will move iir.o one of
the finest stores in America, situated in ihe Baldwin
block on Market street, btore is now being re-
modeled.
Previous to removing we will c\o-e out Sfveral
lines of broken assortments^ at abcut one-lust regu-
lar prices. Below are bat a frw &1 th? many
values to be hsi; aL department i hive 'mmense
reductions. q
Every customer who has purcha ed :it u-.r for-
mer sales will please remember that this surpasses
all others in money-saving opportunities *
Sale is now going on.
Children's Cloaks
Broken lots of children's cloaks a iJ jickeis,
ages 6 ;o 14 years, former prices $4.00 to $6 00,
now
$1.00
Other cloaks for children, comprising box backs
and Russian effects, seme pure s:ik lineJ, >om? lined
with Skinner's satin, others unlined, all trimmed in
various ways, well tailored, sold right along for
510.03 up to $2vC0, viie rrkes
$7.50 to $13 50
Remaining stock of jickets and automobiie
coats at very low prices.
Muslin Uederwear
The values offered in undergarments wi.l ex-
ceed anything we ever sold at any sale. Remember
that the quality of these goods is far different frcm
and superior to goods of this class solJ to the public
generally. They comprise bridal sets and broken
lines in gowns, corset cover?, skirt chemises anJ
chemi-es all at greatly reduced prices.
Underskirts in many novelties made from flan-
nel and silk have been marked down a!mo >t one-halt.
SMrt Waists
Our entire line of shirt waists will be closed
out, comprising silk and woolen goods made of
botany, all-wool "French flannels, silk and wool
flannei, fancy striped flannels and embroidered flan-
nels in this season's styles in sleeves and designs
in the new opera and pastel shades; size> 34 to 44;
former prices $6 00, $6. 50, $7.00 and $7. 50; sale
price of waists now
$4.50
Broken lines of children's white and co'o-ed
dresses at greatly reduced prices.
840 Market Street.
NEW YORK CONSOLIDATED
mm— — ¦— ¦ — — nn— — — — ¦
RENOWNED | l[< COLLECTION
I'ln'i'i 'mii"i'm'T7~"~ •
Sent Direct, to Ran Francisco,
AUCTION
TO-DAY'-^hursday,
At 11 a. nr. and 2 p. m.,
308 SUTTER STi,
This present collection is an aggregation of
K*ms and rare specimens of IRAN'S, KIU-
X1AXS. SKRKHENTS. BINES, etc.. of suri.as*-
!tR beauty, well worth the Inspection con-
rt.lHSfiirs. Mr. n. H. I'aul. the manager, is
.well known In this city, by his previous visits,
vho always elves perfect satisfaction to all
I urclsftceris.
SALS ABSOLUTE.
FRAMK W.BUTTERFIEI.D. Auctioneer
B. II. PAUL, Manager-:
30 Days Only,
% Gfl DISCOUNT
on All Plates, Crwnn and
I Bridfeework.
Fillings, 5Oc Crowns, 83^5 O
Plates, $5.00 Full Set
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth Street.
General Clearance
ANOTHER LIST OF
RARE BARGAINS.
We have . •
about 4 to 5
dozen -. . . ,
Women's English $W^^.
Flannelette sW^'&y
Waists \3(
— $1 quality— " . ¦ ; \>>iS2}v^ '
sale price * /•^ i S3j c >i ! O^K
It yew want to trAJ^"'J'f*49 W V °
*et a n ¦ ; • ; tp^ VjLr '°*£f R'
Dressing ' v*^S^-' *V
Sacque for /rt^A v
60c
come to-day. We only have a small lot
left.
Women's Accordeon-PI sited -
Skirts, ;*
All colors— $1 00 quality . i | tSf\s*
for OUC
Women's German Flannel Gowns,
In solid' colors — nicely trimmed— QS,,
worth U 50— sale-price.......... UUW
§Odda and ends of
Children's
Flannel Dresses
—worth 75c— on sale
35c
. Odds and ends of
Children's
Jackets,
• all elzes— worth as
high as $&^-your
pick for
SI to $2.50
A J3 quality W0MEN:8 SERGE OVER-
SKIRTS, in black or navy cr 1 £\es
blue— on sale at .*.... tJ>I«l/O
(hiffrn'CoUarette, •
assorted colors— worth 75c to $1 A /~k^-.
—on sale „ TrvFC
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
' . Between TayloK. and Jones.
Mail orders received. . , .-
When taken at the proper time a Httje Jesse
Moore "AA" whiskey will prevent a cold.
Incandescent light wiring a specialty. Elec-
trical Engineering Co., 503-611 Howard et. •
it costs
more to
rent than
own
j - ¦¦ ¦
I lng!|i[^SflfSll
Of course no family would rent a
' piano if they thought that they
, could afford to buy one. It Is only
natural to prefer ownership to
; routing.
If a family can afford to rent a
piano they can afford to own one
, by means of the new rent contract
! plan of Sherman. Clay & Co.
m This plan is different from the us-
ual Installment plan. The pay-
ments are $6.00 a month, which ro
; toward the payment of the piano.
] Why, there are many homes right
I hero In San Francisco which are
1 paying $4.00, $5.00 and $6.00 a month
! merely rentlngr a piano.
Own your piano— investigate Sher-
! man. Clay & Co.'s new plan. Threa
; hundred high srade pianos and or-
, sans waiting your inspection.
! Sherman, Clay & Co.
Steinway Piaso Dealer?,
Cor. Kearny an<S Suttw sts., 8. K.
Cor. 13th an<J Broadway, Oakland.
Cor. Park and Washlneton, Portland.
711 Secon4 ave., Seattle.
Telephone. Main 5222.
39 STOCKfON ST., neap Market.
COUNTRY 0RDER3 RECEIVE PROMPT
ATTENTION. CATALOGUE FUZE.
Fresh Sweet Creamery But-
ter and the choicest of Ranch
? E6£ s have always been a sort
of hobby with us.
Creamery Butter, square 40c
Ranch Eggs, dozen 35c
Bromangelon, pkg 10c
Makes a delicious dessert Jelly— all flavors.
Regularly 15c.
Italian Vermouth, bot 50c
Martini & Roesl brand.
Regularly 60c.
H-0 Oatmeal, pkg 15c
A Packace of either H-O Pancake e?
"Injun" Bread Flour given free
with each package of oatmeal.
Walnuts, ib 12!>c
Fancy new extra larse
Cal. Walnuts. Resularly 13c
WhisKey, bot 75c, 3 bots $2
E. C. Berry Spring: '91 Bourbon. Gallon $3.
Rerularly Jl and J4.
Wood Alcohol, bot 35c, gal $1.25
For burning.
Regularly 45c and SI 40.
Cigars, 7 lor 25c
All the popular 5c brands.
Thursday — Friday — Saturday.
SPECIAL SALE!
P. ROSCOE McXULTY, 31. D.
20>i Kearny St.. Han Franciaco* Csl.
DR.MQNULTY.
1MTIS WKlX-KrcOWN AND RKLIABLB OLD
8p«t:UIKtct«rei niood Poison, Uonorrhoen.C.I*^
Ntrictnr**, nominal Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Dl-uirlei a. ItooSc on Diseases of Men, free.
O vprMyearVexperie nee. Term* reasonable. Haara,
I»to:»<lally;6:30toS.*)ev'g* Sundays. 10 to 12. Consnl-
tatloufreeaudsacrMly confidential Can or address
ADVEBTISEBEENTS.
Hale's.
Hale's.
1 new neck L V^ .--«». %* ;; 'vln
)! ribbons \^ ;Vf%9 •^w
/Zl these two splendid values arrivod >>*23&*<gsL j|k T/
fa 1 in the nick of time to add to ' fxf^/tj^&iL^S
14 the attractiveness of io- i JSM^W/,^^
hi day's offerings. *
\§\ Fancy ribbons-^Something entirely ,^i i—^, Oj U l\ jTl t&\
\'A new and strikingly beautiful. The /v^ *^^^7Hu VJ
\^j foundation is of light colored taffeta |y»—^^ Tl
VAl and drawn work, into • which are %£ >^. &^/ Jr
Vv woven stripes of blue, pink, cerise or JsSslf^^kjP Jvl
Y other pretty colors. 3^4 inches wide. '^^^^^/f^^>\^
A Liberty satin ribbons — plain C^^ty 1 '^/ f ''^ &^^T*R mjf^<.
Ml grounds, in a score or more of new sj^^ZJtfgg';^ f ///',: i\ 1(\ f> \
///'i and pretty colors, with woven polka > ''> ' '¦ • ; -* ! ? t O*C -A ¦
i®l dots. One of the verv latest neck- '^^^^^^^^^-zskM^^^K \
« / wear and millinery ribbons. 4 inches .V^^^^f^^fWWX^^^sA
./¦ «*£ Per y ard sse %'tJ3|^ ¦ /I
§1 bows for ihe neck tied from these ?:J-l41 r^>t* yV* A^J
\ . ribbons frse of charge. <-*-W A I
M • 83C outing flannels at 6*c.
[ ¦/ When you see these goods you'll wonder where the profit comes /
W In. Maybe there's a loss. If there Is It stops far short of this store. /
Vr They are good weight, soft and fleecy and 28 Inches wide.
\ to-day and until sold 6'c a yard.
the curtain department ontl «w cond 1
M- is miking* short work o; all short assortments.
1% 2S8 4-4 table covers go on sale to-day at a price that should send «J
«jj w them to new homes In a jiffy. They are made of plain blue, green
/ « or salmon colored denim, neatly worked m tamboured desicn3. It a
I ™ you are looking: for an attractive and Inexpensive bedroom table § f
{M cover don't wait for a better opportunity. I
j 4J> were 35c each— now 24c. Vy
(¦& Market n=r m ' *m opposite \7
y Sixth. MJ^opoDOooS^^ avenue. b\
3b f pec/3/ fA/j week
CASH-OR-UTTL.E-AT-A-TIME.
Starting Out the New Year
With a Tremendous Value,
METAL BED, In white enamel *nd
brass trimmings, all slies; reduccrt
for a week's special to.... g A 5O
' WORTH TWICE AS MUCH.
THEJ.NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc.. .
• 1017-1023 MISSION STREET
\ Above 6th. San Francisco.
{ PHONE— SOUTH 1*. \