¦MANILA;] Feb. 25.— Lieutenant West,
with a detachment of -the crew of the*
cunbqat Lag-una de Bay, attacked 200 in
eurger.t*' undf-r Caballos near Cavinta,
province, of Lagtina.' After a hard fight
of forty minutes the insurgents were dis-
persed, losing six killed and four captured.
A detachment of the Forty-seventh Vol
unteer Infantry encountered a body of In
surgents In the province of Albay, killing
eighteen, and subsequently another body,
killling nine. The Americans had no cas
ualties. '¦•."¦;'< ."¦':¦
# A squad of the Eighteenth United States
Infantry surprised a band of ladrones at
Mossin, island of Panay. killing six. The
Americans captured nve rines. •
The Peace Commission is negotiating
with the Insurgents in Northern Panay,
and there is a prospect of an early sur
render- • , ,¦-.-,
In Each Encounter the Followers of Aguinaldo Retire, Leaving
i ' nany Dead Upon tne rielu.
AMERICAN FORCES HAVE BATTLES
WITH THE FILIPINO INSURGENTS
The- news of this incorporation, which
s was accompanied by the news that it was
the filing of the papers of the steel trust
Itself, leached Wall street about the open
ing, of :the market and added to . the ex
citement . which followed upon the an
nouncement in this morning's papers, that
the' mammoth concern was soon to take'
corporate entity.
The incorporators were William J. Cur
tis, of the law firm of Sullivan & Crom
well; Charles MacVeagh, of the law firm
of Stetson, Jennings & Russell, and
Charles C. Cluff, general Eastern agent
of the Illinois Steel Company, one of the
companies owned by the Federal Steel
Company, which is to go into the new
trust. Each of these Incorporators is the
owner of five shares of preferred stock
and five shares of common stock.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— In the office of
the Secretary of State in Trenton, N.J.,
incorporation papers of the new blllion
dollar steel trust; which is J. P. Mor
gan's greatest achievement— the United
States Steel Corporation— were filed this
morning. The capital was placed at the
nominal sum. of $3000. and will be In
creased, as stated to-day, to $400,000,000 of
common and $400,000,000 of preferred stock,
besides which there will be a $400,000,000
5 per cent bond issue. The capital so far
consists of fifteen shares of 7 per cent
cumulative stock and fifteen shares of
common stock, each of the par value of
$ioo. iSi'i *;v^
thirds. This agreement has not been rati
fied.
Foreign Minister Delcasse, replying to
ex-Minister Guerln in the Senate to-day,
said that the bondholders had been de
prived of their rights in an arbitrary man
ner and contrary to every precedent. Por
tugal's attitude, which it is difficult to un
derstand, has created an unpleasant im
pression in Germany, Great Britain, Bel
gium and France.
The French Government, M. Delcasse
added, had protested, and Portugal had
replied that she regretted the situation,
but the condition of her treasury, which
was under temporary difficulties, made It
her duty not to ratify the interest agree-
ment at present. It was hoped that the
country's finances^ would soon Improve
and that the negotiations could be re
opened.
M. Delcasse finally declared that the
Government would never allow the inter
ests of the bondholders again to be en
croached upon. He intended to compel
Portugal to repeal her measures of spolia
tion. Nobody in Lisbon was Ignorant of
the fact that the French had means to
mrke themselves heard, and he would not
hesitate to use these means if It became
necessary.
The Senate adopted a resolution declar
ing that it relied upon the Government to
safeguard French capital in Portugal.
KEW TORK. Feb. -23.— A Eun special
from Perls says: Considerable alarm and
Indignation hav« been created In France
by the failure of Portugal to comply with
h«r agreement reepeqting the payment of
Interest oa her foreign debt, which
amounts to 1,00,000,000 francs. Of this
amount the French Investors hold S0O.0O0.
009 francs, nominally representing 600,000,000
francs paid up. A majority of the holders
are email capitalists.
In 'lSSZ Portugal suddenly reduced the
Interest by two-thirds. The French Gov
err.raent energetically protested, and the
regbtlations resulted in Portugal promis
ing gradually to raise the interest to two-
The objects for which the corporation Is
formed . are to manufacture iron, steel,
manganese, coke, copper, lumber and
other materials, and all or any articles
consisting or partly consisting of iron,
steel, copper, wood or other materials, and
all or any productsMhereof. To acquire,
own, lease, occupy, use or develop any
lands containing coal or iron, manganese,
stone or ores or. oil. or any wood lands or
other lands for any purpose ol the com
pany. To mine or otherwise extract or re
move coal. ores, stone and other materials
and timber from any lands owned, ac
quired; leased or occupied by the company,
or from any other lands. To buy and to
otherwise deal in traffic in iron, steel,
manganese, copper, stone, ores. coal. coke,
wood,; lumber and other materials, and
any of the ! products thereof j and . any ar
ticle consisting or partly consisting
th«recf. .
The articles of incorporation set forth
that the location of the principal offices in
the State of New Jersey Is at 51 Newark
street, Hoboken. The name of the agent
there, upon whom . process against the
corporation may be served, Is the Hudson
Trust Company.
There was a wild scramble to buy when
the^ market opened. The day's transac
tion's In steel stocks were notable not only
for extent, but for the way in which
prices varied. The fact that the payment
in the new trust stock is very different
from payment in cash did not take long
to draw, on margin traders, and fluctua
tions were rapid under the conflicting con
victions which pervaded the street as to
the real future values of the securities.
Reduction of the Interest Due the French Capitalists Is the Cause
of Talk of a Most Warlike Nature,
PORTTTGTTESE WORKMEN
ARE STONED IN SPAIN
VIGO, Spain, Feb. 25.— The Importation
of a force of Portuguese workmen to take
the places of Spanish strikers here led to
a disturbance. The Portuguese were
stoned and shots were fired. Gendarmes
were compelled to intervene to restore
order. - .
FRANCE'S FOREIGN MINISTER THREATENS
TO RESORT TO FORCE AGAINST PORTUGAL
REMARKABLE ESCAPE
OF THREE MINERS
Bucket Containing Them Falls Four
Hundred P.nd Twenty Feet to
Bottom of Shaft.
BUTTE, Mont., Feb. 25.— John Yocuni.
Tim Stevens and John Regan, employed in
the Rose mine, had the most remarkable
escape from death today in the history
of mining accident's 111 this camp. They
entered the bucket to destend the shaft
430 feet. The bucket was swung clear and
the brakes on the hoisting apparatus re
fused to work. Tho men descended at
lightning speed to the bottom. There it
struck the bulkhead and crashed through,
landing with its human freight in th»
sump. Yocum had one of his legs broken
and the others of the party were cut an<l
bruised. How they escaped death Is a
miracle.
HAYTIENS ATTACKED
BY DOMINICANS
Consul Receives Orders to Proceed to
Scene of Trouble and Stop
Fighting.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Feb. 25 (via Haytlen
cable).— A skirmish has taken place be
tween Haytlens and Dominicans at Phlto
bert, on the northern frontier. A party
of Haytiens was suddenly attacked by a
number of Dominicans. The Haytlen
Consul at Dajabon sought refuge at Qun
niminthe, Hayti, about five miles from the
frontier. The Dominican Consul at Cape
Haytlen has received orders from his Gov
ernment to repair immediately to the
scene of disturbance and endeavor to put
an end to the fighting and cause the Hay
tien consulate at Dajabon to be respected.
• :
DATE TOR KETCHUPS
EXECUTION IS FIXED
2>lotorious Outlaw Known as " Black
Jack" Must Die on
March 22.
SANTA FE, N. M.. Feb. 23.— The date
for the execution of Tom Ketchum, better
known as "Black- Jack," whose band of
outlaws terrorized this Territory for u
long time, was to-day fixed by the Terri
torial Supreme Court for March 22. Al
though accused of several murders and
other felonies, Ketchum was only tried
for the robbery of a train near Folsom,
N. M., the penalty for which In this Ter
ritory Is death.
Big Cargo of Bullion.
NEW YORK. Feb. S.-The British
steamer Chatton arrived In the harbor
yesterday .' from Tampico with a cargo
consisting wholly of lead bullion, con
signed to M.. Guggenheim's Sons, for, their
smelter, at' Perth Araboy.:The percentage
of gold in the lead is .valued at' 930,000 and
of silver amounts to 520,000 ounces. The
whole I cargo is valued at between $450 00
and J500.000. ¦ .
day by Sir Ellis Ashmead-Eartlett (Con
servative) if the Government had any in
formation confirming the Russo-Chinese
agreement regarding Manchuria, mention-
Ing the clauses in the agreement referred
to In a dispatch to the London Times
from Peking, published February 20.
Among the clauses referred to were pro
visions that all the military and the other
officers shall be appointed subject to Rus
sian approval; that each province shall
have Russian Is, one in command
of 'the Chinese police and the' other to
control the railroad, and that China shall
not be allowed to build any railroad In
Manchuria. Sir EMs also referred to
other articles previously published.
Tho Under Secretary replied that the
Government had no official knowledge of
the terms of the Russo-Chlne6e agree
ment, but had been informed that it in
cludes most of the provisions enumer
ated. He added that the Russian Govern
ment gives verbal assurances that the
agreement was of a temporary and pro
visional character.
Lord George Hamilton, the Indian Sac
retary, answering a question regarding
the looting at Peking, replied that the
British troops had been strictly forbidden
to loot. Stringent measures had been
taken. Certain articles of value which
had been left in the Summer Palace after
the Russian evacuation were in the pos
session of the British, and they would be
restored to the Cldnese when peace was
established.
Three Thousand Dollars Is Named as the
Capital Stock of Great Corporation.
BILLION-DOLLAR STEEL TRUST
IS CHARTERED IN NEW JERSEY
It is said that thrice before had sh*
attempted to end her existence. The
fourth attempt was successful.
. Juat. a» the .rescuers reached .the top
floor she loosened .her hold and ! whirled
headlong to the pavement.
The hackman an'l the other witnesses
to the horrible deed rushed to where the
body lay.
The woman was beyond human aid. She
lay huddled in a white heap— her brains
dashed out— a mass of bruised and broken
flesh and bones. It was the pitiful and ter
rible ending of a life wasted in the ten
derloin.
The woman was well known in the
red-light district. Her name among
the habitues of tire- saloons of the town
was Fannie Stewart, and her companions
called her "Chick." \ She - was 'formerly
the proprietress of a resort on Mason
street. Years ago she met with an acci
dent which resulted in the loss of one
of her limbs.
Not long ago she was arrested on a
charge of robbery, the complainant being
a man from Colma, who had met her in
his wanderings about the tenderloin. She
was released ( on ball and was soon t">
have been tried. . » .. .. ;¦¦ .
'¦~Fannle*~Stewart,* & woman aged ' about
thirty years, deliberately committed
suicide at 2:45 o'clock this morning by
dropping from a window. In the third story
of the Florence House, at the corner of
Ellis and Powell streets. Her brains were
dashed out on the pavement and the bones
of her body crushed.
At the hour named a hackman stand
ing at the corner opposite the hotel, wait
ing for a "fare." happened to glance up
at^ the third story of the hotel. At a
window there he saw a sight that seemed
to freeze his blood. A young woman, in
her nightclothes, was climbing out of tho
window. She deliberately crawled over
.the sill and hung there for a moment In
midair.
The hackman at last found his power
of speech and calling to several belated
pedestrians urged them to run up to the
floor of the hotel, where the room of the
young woman was located and save her
from the terrible d*ath she was seeking.
The ; horrified spectators dashed Into
the hotel. Meanwhile the hackman was
frantically imploring the woman to "hold
on." . . . .
She made no reply.
Fannie Stewart Drops From a Window in
the Third Story of the Florence House
at Ellis and Powell Streets.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.-In the
Supreme Court of the United
States the case of Roswell M.
Blythe vs. Florence Hinckley-
Moorewas summarily disposed
of in an opinion by Justice Peckham, the
decision being in favor of Mrs. Moore, as
in the Supreme Court of California, from
which court the case was appealed to the
United States Supreme Court on a writ of
error. The point raised in the case was
whether a State law is sufficient to per
mit an alien to inherit property in cases
In which the alien Is a resident of a coun
try with which there Is no treaty covering
the question. The court, however, did not
enter upon the discussion of this conten
tion, but dismissed the case with the re
mark that the petition was frivolous, be
t cause evidently filed for delay. The case
involves the estate of the late Thomas H.
I Blythe of California, and It has several
I times been before the Supreme Court.
WOHAN LEAPS TO DEATH
AT THE DAWN OF DAY
MRS. FLORENCE BLYTHE-HINCKLET-MOORE, WHOSE TITLE TO THE
VAST ESTATE LEFT BT THOMAS H. BLYTHE IS MADE CLEAR BY
A SUPREME COURT DECISION.
KRONBERG. Feb. . 25.— Kinc Ed
¦ward &r-d 'Enioexor' William ar
rived iere this morning and
drove '.a a sleigh. to Friederichs
fcof. vbere the :. Emperor bade
jareweU to the Kins . and returned to
Horabury. Kin* Edward proceeded to the
bedside of his.eister.'the- Powaeer Err
pres* Frederick.. Kin* Edward remained
¦with his sister a Quarter of an hour.. It
was observed that Hi» I lajeetv,' on leav
ing,' betrayed no epeclal anxiety and it
vu deduced therefrom, that he was favor
ably tapreesed. ' with ; the Dowager Em
press* condition.' ¦.¦.'
Later there was a j liincheon at which
•evecteea persons • sat down. Emperor
"V\'i22aia. who. had In the meantime driven
over from Homburg, sat next to King
Edward In the center of a long table.
Emperor William durins; the luncheon
«il*atiy raised his 'glass 'to King Edward,
who returned the compliment.
Afterward the. Emperor -was alone with
fcis mother for ten minutes. He then rs
turned la a sleigh to Homburg, traversing
nearly six. miles la twenty minutes, be
hind two Hungarian horses. King Ed
ward also rode lu a. sleigh to Homburg,
he took tea. wtih the. Emperor.
At King Edward's particular request
Emperor Will lain -did not return here for
dinner and the King dined with Princess
Sophia and' Princess Margaret*
Edward of England and William of Germany Visit
the Invalid Dowager and Mutely Pledge
Friendship at Luncheon.
Articles Taken From the Summer
LONDON.;-. Feb. 25.— Lord Cranborne.
Under Secretary for ;the Foreign Office,
va* asked in the. House of Commons to-
Palace to. Be Restored to Chinese.
iifGXAND POBBIDS IX5OTHJ G.
FIFTY WEN
ENTOMBED IN
BURNING MINE
One Escapes and the
Others Have All
Perished.
• •¦•-
•' > :V;V :¦¦. '¦ ¦'•¦, ¦ - ¦ ¦'¦-'I ¦< * "- ¦ ,V ¦"-"-¦¦-• ¦¦'!-: -.'>¦: ' i.
Diamondville Coal Mine in
Wyoming the Scene 0!
. a Terrible Disaster.
KEMMERER, Wyo., Feb. 25.
— A disastrous fire in the
Diamondville coal mine No.
1 late this evening was attended
with serious loss of life and great
destruction of property. There
were some fifty miners and fifteen
horses entombed. One miracu
lous escape was made by John
Anderson, who was working near
the mouth of the level. When he
realized the mine was on fire he
with some difficulty reached the
main lead and by throwing a
heavy overcoat over his head and
shoulders he pushed his way
through the flames and reached
the main lead completely ex
hausted and terribly burned. He
will recover. He was taken out
by friends.
All efforts to succor those far
ther back have failed, as the
flames drove the rescuers back.
That all have perished is with
out question." The scenes around
the mine were heartrending.
Mothers, wives and sweethearts
wept and tore their hair, in terri
ble agony,and aJJ;' efforts to calm
them proved of no avail. : V
The loss of property will reach
an enormous figure and as the of
ficials »are very reticent, the
amount and names of those im
prisoned are unobtainable at a
late hour. The cause of the fire
is at present unknown. The mine
has been plugged at the sixth
level, about two miles from the
mouth.
KING AND EMPEROR MEET
AT BEDSIDE OF EMPRESS
FREDERICK AT KRONBERG
The San Francisco Call.
MAGGIE HOEL'S BODY '
! FOTJND IN THE BIVEIt
Circumstances Connected With Her
Is a mrsterlcus one.
Disappearance Lead to the Belief
| That She Was Murderad.
PUEBLO, Colo.. Feb.. 25.— The dead body
of Maggie Hoel. the young woman who
mysteriously disappeared December 23
and was supposed to have been kldnap«d.
was found in the Arkansas River below
this city ttsls evening.' The girl's right
arm was shattered, and thl3 fact, in con-
Junction with other circumstances con
nected with her disappearance, leads to tha
belief that she was murdered. The case
BIG TBEE PURCHASE
BIT.T. MAY GO OVEB
Whiteside Fails to Appear at the Con-
ference of the Advocates
of the Measure.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— The confer
ence appointed for to-day on the Cala
veras big: tree bill between Mr. White
side, owner of the big tree grove, and the
Secretary of the Interior, the California
delegation and Mrs. White and Mrs.
Sharon, accomplished nothing by reason
of the absence of Mr. Whiteside. Secre
tary Hitchcock advised an amendment to
the bill In accordance with the terms of
the resolutions adopted by the California
Legislature providing for the maintenance
of the park by the State. It is under
stood that Whiteside now demands. $500.
000 for the big tree grove. Speaker Hen
derson's opposition to the bill has not
yet been overcome. The passage of the
measure at this session is very doubtful.
PEKING, Feb. 25.— This morning Minis
ter Conger turned over the affairs of the
United States legation to W. XV. Rockhill,
particularly to conduct the negotiations
with the Chinese plenipotentiaries, and he
will shortly return to the United States for
a six months' vacation. Americans here
feel that this arrangement is a confirma
tion of the report that everything is prac
tically settled, for Conger felt it his duty
to finish the negotiations satisfactorily.
The Peiho River will or. en next week, and
then the exodus of diplomats, correspond
ents and others will begin.
Li Hung Chung says be expects that
the Imperial court will return to Peking
as soon as nof.flcation is given that the
troops of the allies are evacuating the
capital. He alro asserts that no further
difficulty In the negotiations is possible.
Some old residents here think there may
be difficulty in connection with the cere
monial of receiving tho Ministers of the
powers by the court, but the Ministers
themselves do not anticipate any.
The German and Russian barracks for
the guards of their respective legations
will be ready In a month.
Rockhlll to-day attended for the first
time a meeting of the foreign envoys in
an lndependeni capacity.
ANSWER IS SATISFACTORY.
China Will Inflict Punishment3 De-
manded by Powers.
CALL BUREAU, HOS G STREET. N.
TV.. ¦WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— Minister
Conger^has cabled the State Department
from Peking a3 follows:
••Satisfactory edict In answer to punish
ment demands has been received."
From this statement the department as
¦smne* that th« punishments are to b* ad
ministered substantially as stated in ilr.
Conger's cablegram received on the 21st.
The Minister has not ret Informed the
State Department of the date he has se
lected for his departure from Peking for
home.
BERLIN, Feb. 26.— The Lokal Anze!g"!T
has the following from Peking, dated
February .25: "The execution of' Chin
Chlu. former Grand Secretary, and Cheng
Fu, son -of the notorious Hsu Tung, to
morrow by the hangman will occur upon
the same place where last summer two
pro-civilization mandarins were beheaded.
The spot is within the German zone. All
the other officials whose lives are de
manded by the Ministers of the powers
will be beheaded in Slanfu. The opinion
largely prevails In Peking that Prince
Tuan's punishment will necessitate the
choosing of an heir to the throne other
than his son."
A dispatch from Count von Waldersee
says that over 300 Chinese were killed
¦when they attacked the Germans at
Kuengchang recently. Hoffmelster's col
umn, which stirted thence, will return to
Paotlngfu.
FRESH MASSACRE REPORTED.
Twenty Missionaries and Nine Chil-
dren Killed in Shansi.
LONDON. Feb. 26.— The Reuter Tele
gram Company has received the "following
from Shanghai, dated February 23:
Prince Tuan, Prince Chwang Lu and
General Tung Fuh Slang are still taking
refuge at Nlnghaifu, province of Kansu.
Two native Christians from Kulhua
cheng, In the northern part of the pro
vince of Shansi, report the massacre of
twenty male and female missionaries and
ulne children, who have been missing
jince October.
Satisfactory Answer to the
Demand ol Powers lor
Punishment*'
SETTLEMENT
WITH CHINA
IS ASSURED
Imperial Court Soon
to Return to ,
Peking. .
SAK FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME L.XXXIX— >X>. SS.
United States Supreme Court Dismisses the
Appeal of Roswell M. Blythe on the
Ground That It Is Frivolous.
MRS. MOORE'S TITLE
IS MADE CLEAR TO THE
RICH ESTATE OF BLYTH E
RULERS OF GREAT BRITAIN AND GERMANY WHO MET YESTERDAY
AT THE BEDSIDE OF THE DOWAGER EMPRESS FREDERICK AND
JLATER MUTELY PLEDGED FRrlEXDSHIP.RIVERSIDE'S NEW HIGH SCHOOL BUILDING AS IT WILL APPEAR
WHEN COMPLETED ACCORDING TO THE PLANS JUST ADOPTED BY
THE CITY BOARD OF EDUCATION. • I j
. The Grip Cure That Does Cure.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne removes the cause.**
New Trial for Bird.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— Justice Shlras.
for the United States Supreme Court, to
day delivered an opinion in the case of
Homer Bird, under conviction : in . the
United States District Court of Alaska for
the murder of J. H. Hurlln in the Yukon
in 1S98., The verdict of the Alaska court
was reversed and it was ordered to grant
a new trial.' ' ¦ ••; . . ¦"
Highwaymen Rob a Chinese.
PAN JOSE, Feb. 25.— Gong Lee, a Chi
nec»» boys of a gang of workmen employed
en the I!auval5 ranch near Agnews, was
held up last night near the place and
robbed of $130. He was returning home
from San Jope with the money to pay off
the employes. A couple of young men on
horseback rode up behind him, and after
a- struggle relieved him of the money.
Captain Gregor Attempts Suicide.
STOCKTON. Feb. 25.— G. Gregor, cap
tain cf the schooner Eddy of San Fran
cisco, attempted suicide this afternoon by
Jumping into Stockton channel with his
pockets loaded with coal. He was res
cued. Gregor sa!d at the Jail, where he
¦was locked up, that he was in trouble,
but declined to state what the trouble
w&s. MpaBi
GOLD IS DISCOVERED -/
ON SAMOAN ISLANDS
Black Sand Running as High as $040
to th? Ton Is Being Worked
on Upolu.
HONOLULU, Feb. 19.— A wonderful dis
covery of gold Is reported In the Bamoari
Islands. . Elaclc sand running as, high as
$940 a ton is said to have been found on
the island of Upolu. Captain W. Best
formerly of the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany, who passed through here on the
Canadian steamship Aorangl on his way
to Samoa, is authority for the statement
that a company has been formed and an
EOO-ton schooner bought to work the sand
and carry the. product to Sydney. The
company consists of Walter Selby and J.
Waters of San Francisco and H. B. Dear
born of Sydney/under the firm name of
the Samoan Gold Mining Company "of
Apia. -Tentons of the, sand already sent
to Sydney is stated to have averaged . for
ty-seven ounces of pure gold '.to the ton.
Nickel . and tin ore are ; also . declared to
exist in large. quantities, in Samoa: ..The
company will tend "these ores • to San
Francisco. *£3&&&J!&v?i(&4z&ta&&ri
FALSONIO CHOSEN TO
SUCCEED MARTTNEjuLI
Archbishop to Be Created a Cardinal
at the Coming Con
sistory.
ROME, Feb. 25.— It is understood that
Archbishop Martlnelli, the papal delegate
in the United States, as he will be created
a Cardinal at the consistory to be held at
the end of March, will remain' for some
time papal delegate in the United States,
and will later be replaced by Monsignor
Falconio, the papal delegate in Canada.
Evarts Recovering.
NEW YORK, Feb.- 25.— Ex-Senator Wil
liam M. Evart3, who has been in a par
ticularly feeble condition the last few
days, was reported at his house to-day to
be much better.
¦-» .
Population of Saxony.
BERLIN, Feb. 25.— The census shows
the present _ population of Saxony to be
4.199.7H). or an increase of ll'per cent sine*
the census of 1S36. .
ATTORNEY'S CONTRACTS
AHE NOT BINDING
Supreme Court Hands Down a I>scis-
ion in the Case of Widner's
Bondsmen.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 25.— In the case of
the United States vs. Eugene Beebe &ni
William Hinshaw, bondsmen, tne United
States Supreme Court to-day decided that
a compromise ngreemtnt made by a
United States District Attorney is not
binding upon the Government, unless h«
has explicit authority for his action.
Francis Widener In 1874. while Collector «'f
Internal Revenue in Alabama, fell short
In his accounts to the extent of $28,000.
The .District Attorney compromised the
suit against the bondsmen upon payment
of $100 each, and the Government disre
garded his compromise and sued.
Extension of Treaties.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 25.— It has been
decided that any action looking to the ex
tension of time allowed for the ratifica
tion of the many treaties pending before
the State. Department can be had only
through the positive action of the Senate.
Some pressure is being brought tp boar
to keep the French- reciprocity treaty
alive and pending until the next Congress,
othcrwi.se the treaty would die by limita
tion March 17. The sniDression prevails,
however, that none of the treaties can be
extended. -
Would Amend Cuban Bill.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— Senator Car
ter, who is one of the Senators in charge
of the army appropriation bill, Insists
that the Cuban amendment to the bill
must be further amended, so as to com
pel Cuba to render an accounting to the
United States for the money which ha3
been expended by thia Government in
Cuba, with a view to the repayment at
some future time.
Investigating Employment Rolls:
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.-The specie!
committee of the House, appointed to In
vestigate the employment rolls of that
body, met to-day in secret session; Tho
clerk, Mr. McDowell, and the sergeant at
arms. Air. Casson, gave, information as to
persons on the rolls under their supervi
sion. The decision to conduct the investi
gation behind closed doors, it was ex
plained, was for the purpose of expeditinc
the Investigation.
Massachusetts Larr Upheld.
•WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.-In passing
upon the case of McDonald vs. the Com
monwealth of. Massachusetts the Unit-il
States Supreme Court to-day sustained
the lav.' of that State foi the extra pun
ishment of habitual criminals
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON. Feb. 25.— The age of romance
in financial affairs is generally supposed
to be past, but it Is doubtful if any stories
of the Klondike, South Africa, California
or Australia are equal to the inside his
tory of the relations of the London and
Globe Finance Company with the Baket
etreet and Waterloo Railroad, the facts
of which are now published for the first
time.
The delay in receiving a cablegram from
New York cost the Johnson Syndicate of
Cleveland exactly £150,000 ($750,000).
This delay was occasioned by the Satur
day half-holiday and Sunday intervening
but although the stockholders of the Lon
don and Globe were so much better off,
their financial difficulties have been "the
means of the American Syndicate cleaning
up a deal with a clear profit of £1,200,000
or say a million and a quarter ($6,000,000 to
16.250.000) sterling.
CLEVELAND. Feb. 25.—Ex-Congress
man Tom L. Johnson says he is not in
volved In the street railway transaction
repo'rted from London, but that possib.y
his brother may be.
Seme Inside History of Lon
don and Globo Finance
Company.
DELAY CAUSES
LOSS OF FORTUNE
Special ¦ Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., -WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— Forsaken
by, his attorney, Robert Burton Rodney,
retired paymaster of the navy, appeared
in his own behalf to-day before Justice
Hagner to show cause why he should not
be committed to Jail for' contempt of
court in refusing to pay his wife alimony.
His explanation of the reason of delay
and his plea for leniency seemed to irri
tate Justice Hagner, who overruled his
answer and issued an order for him to
pay by March 1, or falling to do so to be
confined in the District Jail until he com
piled with the order of. court-
Before closing the case Paymaster Rod
ney, who is over 50 years of age, was»
given some sound advice by Justice Hag
ner. He told him that no one had com
pelled him to marry his wife, and now
that he had done so he must support her.
Paymaster Rodney's plea for more time
was that he had to pay interest on a
note on the 1st of March, and that it was
a debt of honor.
"What do. you call this?" asked Justice
Hagner. "Isn't alimony a debt of honor?"
Mrs. Rodney was not in court. Her
husband is still searching for her nnd has
not yet given up hope of finding her.
Justice Ilagner Roundly
Scores Him for His
Plea for Time.
Will Suspend Business.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 23.— The Chief
Justice to-day announced that the United
States Supreme Court would not sit for
business on ¦ inauguration day. Motions
will be heard and opinions delivered on the
Tuesday following.
ROOHEY MUST
PAY ALIMONY
LONDO.N, Feb. 26.— The Daily Telejraph
announces that negotiations between
Vickers* Sons & Maxim and the Cramp
Shipbuilding Company have been broken
off because the former were unable to gei
all the Independent concerns they consider
necessary.
Negotiations Broken OS.
PORT TOWNSEND, Feb. 25.-Accord-
Ing toadvlfes received by the steamship
Senator, "arriving this afternoon from
SkagTJay, travel on the ice on the Yukon
is exceedingly dangerous, and a number
of accidents have occurred, but none re
sulted fatally. A telegram from Dawson,
dated February 19, says that a stage
loadf-d with passengers broke through the
Ice and precipitated all into the chilly
waters of the river, but they were rescued
by traveler* who witnessed the accident.
The mounted police are posting warning
notices alon2 the river.
Dawson Is free from smallpox, but vac
cination still- continues. The public vac
cinator. accompanied by a pquad of police
men, i£ making a house-to-house visit, and
every one' who cannot show a certificate
Is. forced to submit to vaccination.
The largest mastodon skeleton ever un
earthed Jn the Yukon country was taken
from the Monte Carlo Gulch early in Feb
ruary- The tusks are nine feet six Inches
long anil the skull measures three feet be
tween the «-yes.
The I'iris'o. arriving this afternoon, re
ports that on February 18 a clash occurred
at Ekaguay hetween the military and civil
authorities which caused considerable ex
citement. On the night of the 16th a negro
t-«-ntry on duty in front of the barracks
called out the guard, claiming he had
hem shot at by a civilian. The guard
charcr«vi a crowd of bystanders, command
ing them to throw pp their hands. In the
crowd wer«» McLean and Frazer, two
r.i?ht patrolmen, end the colored soldiers
prized th*>m and took them to th« guard
house. Indignation runs high • at Skag
usy. and when the steamer .sailed the af
fair was b<!n*r investigated.
Breaks Ice Near
Dawson but No Lives
Are Lost.
KXW JEESEY MOB
TOBTUB.ES A SUSPECT
Charles Herbert Accus;d of Arson Is
Hanged in Effort to Extort
Confession.
NEW YORK. Fob. 25.-An excited mob
In Mattewan, N. J.. last night hanged
Charles Herbert, a resident of the place,
in an effort to make him confess that he
l.ad started a fire which destroyed the
business portion of the town on January
~. Herbert protested his innocence. He
was strung up a second time, and when
lowered apain asserted that he was not
jruilty. This time the torture ceased and
the man was taken to jail.
Last night a dwelling occupied by Her
bert's mother caught fire, and after the
Sanies were extinguished it was discov
ered that the stairway in the house had
been soaked . with kerosene. Suspicion
pointed to Herbert and his arrest and tor
ture followed.
Receivership Annulled.
HELENA. Mont.. Feb. 23.-The Supreme
Court to-day reversed the action of Judge
Clancy of Butte in appointing E. H. Wil
son receiver for the Minnie Holly mine, a
rich copp«-r property in litigation between
F. A. Hdnze and the Boston and Mon
tana Company. Heinze procured the ap
pointment, and it was claimed by the Bos
ton and Montana Company, •which owns
the adjoining property, that the receiver
was working upon its ground.
STAGE PLUNGES
INTO THE YUKON
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.— The House to
day Jettisoned., the authorization for. two
battleships and two cruisers which was In
the. naval appropriation bill as it passed
that body. The Senate had requested the
proposition, and against the appeals of
the House conferees" the House to-day
voted by, a big majority, to agree to the
Senate amendment striking - out i the
authorizations. Chairman Cannon of the
Appropriations : • Committee ' contributed
largely to this result by a vigorous speech
In favor of the Senate amendment. A
partial conference report on the naval ap
propriation bill was agreed to, and the
bill went back to conference. The House
also agreed to the conference report on
the bill to create a commission of five to
adjudicate the claims of United States cit
izens against Spain assumed by the
United States under the treaty of Paris.
The House entered upon the last week
of the session with a full attendance of
members on the floor and throngs of spec
tators In the galleries. Dayton of West
Virginia called up the conference report
upon the naval appropriation bill.
It was only a partial report, agreeing
to about two-thirds of the Items in dis
pute between the two houses. The con
ference report was adopted.
Rixey of Virginia then moved that the
House recede and concur in the Senate
amendment striking out the provision for
two battleships and two cruisers.
Pending action upon this motion the-
Senate amendments were nonconcured
In. It was arranged that there should be
an hour of debate on each side upon the
Rlxey motion. Dayton vigorously opposed
It. He contended that to strike out the
authorization for new ships would check
the building up of the navy and open up
a long controversy over the various types
of ships*, armor plate, etc.
Rixey argued that the Senate's proposi
tion was eminently fair. It simply pro
posed to postpone the building of new
shlRs until the next session of CongTess
and that In the meantime Congress could
be informed upon the questions as to
whether ships should be sheathed or not.
as to the thickness of armor and kindred
subjects. He said the shipyards tnrough
out the country were already fuii of work
on warships.
Dayton answered that he had in his
pocket a telegram from the great ship
yards in Rixey's own' State saying they
could build four more Bhlps, while a dis
patch from the Union Iron "Works stated
they could build Beveral more vessels.
After some further debate by Hopkins
of Illinois, Vandiver of Missouri. Kitchen
of North Carolina. King of Utah and
Drlggs of New York in favor of the mo
tion, and Mudd of Maryland, Brown of
Ohio. Adams of /Pennsylvania, Wheeler
of Kentucky. Cummings of New York,
who came on the floor on- crutches to
speak, and Watson of Indiana against it.
Cannon .closed the debate in support of
the motion. He Bald the real question was
whether, from the standpoint of the treas
ury, of the public defense and of sound
business principles, It was not time to call
a halt for a year in the authorization of
new ships. There were In the navy, he
paid. 254 warships and fifty-six auxiliary
vessels. There was still to be paid upon
ships building and authorized $65,000,000.
When our navy was completed, he said,
America would have the greatest navy in
the world save that of England. England
was no menace, because Canada, with
2000 miles of territory on our northern
border, was a hostage against war with
Great Britain. (Applause.)
The Rlxey motion was carried— 158 to 88.
The bill was then sent back to conference.
. Haugen of Iowa called up the confer
ence report upon the bill to create a com
mission of five members to adjudicate the
claims of United States citizens against
Spain assumed by the United States un
der the terms of the treaty of Paris, and
it was agreed to, 134 to 84. notwithstand
ing considerable opposition and the fact
that the House had twice voted that
these claims should be adjudicated by the
Court of Claim? instead of a commission,
as agreed to by the conferees.
Hemenwfly o£ Indiana. Pugh of Ken
tucky and McRaw of Arkansas were ap
pointed conferees on the fortifications ap
propriation bill. .
Some time was snent in clearing up con
ference reports on District of Columbia
business.
At 0:10 p. m. the House adjourned.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— A decision
was rendered to-day in the United States
Supreme Court in. the cases of Fred Lee
Rice, Frank Rutledge and Thomas Jones,
holding that they were subject to extra
dition to Canada, The case has attracted
considerable discussion, because it raised
an international question. The three men
were arrested in Chicago as fugitives from
Justice for otTehses committed in Ontario,
Canada, and upon an effort being made
to extradite them they sought to secure
a writ of habeas corpus from the District
Court of the United States of the North
ern District of Illinois, on the ground that
the United States Commissioners who
heard their cases had received them upon
information and that this proceeding was
not justifiable in an extradition case. The
court held against the petitioners on the
ground that while one count of the com
plaint was upon information and belief
only, the other three were made upon the
knowledge of a Canadian officer, and
these were competent to Justify extradi
tion.
Justice Brown, who delivered the opin
ion of the court, said: "We do not wish
to be understood as holding that in ex
tradition proceedings the complaint must
be sworn to by persons having actual
knowledge of the offense charged. This
would defeat the whole object of the
treaty, as we are bound to assume that
no foreign government possesses greater
power than our own to order its citizens
to go to another country to institute legal
proceedings. -'If the office of the foreign
government has no personal knowledge of
the facts he mav with entire propriety
make the complaint upon information and
belief, stating the sources of his informa
tion and the grounds of his belief and
annexing to the complaint a properly filed
copy df any indictment or equivalent pro
ceeding which may have been found in
the foreicn court of a copy of the depo
sitions of witnesses having actual knowl
edge of the facts."
The opinion of the Illinois District Court
was affirmed.
>
Supreme Court's Decision in
the Cases of Rice, Jones
and Rutledge.
MAY BE TAKEN
BACK TO CANADA
House Agrees to the Senate
Amendment on Naval
Bill.
RIVERSIDE, Feb. 25.— The River
side Board of Education has
adopted plans for the new high
school building for which $40,000
was recently voted, and the
plans indicate a structure of a unique and
dlrtlnctlve type of architecture. The de
s'f.;n is a decidedly original one and is a
striking attempt to utilise the mission
style in a public building of this char
acter.
The plan generally consists of a central
octagonal assembly room eighty by eighty
feet, around which a corridor extends,
eight feet wide. Around this assembly
room are grouped three class rooms on
each of tho corners, or twelve in all.
twenty-four by thirty-two feet each. On
the main or north front is the principal
entrance or porch, and m. corridor fourteen
feet wide leads to the interior. On either
side are located the offices -of principal,
Superintendent and Trustees.
NO MORE NEW
SHIPS THIS YEAR
Breaking each side of the building-, are
large porches or arcades for the. pupils'
entrances; also a wide corridor from
which open the cloak rooms.
On- the south front is located the li
brary, thirty by fifty feet, which is twen
ty-four feet high, affording room for,fu
ture galleries. ' : t
The central features of each front are
two stories high, and are finished as lab
oratories and lecture rooms. From the
side porches are liberal entrances: to the
basement, which is ten feet high und
fitted with lavatories, wheel rooms, lunch
rooms and a kindergarten school room.
The assembly room is forty feet high and
finished with a paneled wood ceiling and
lighted from the roof, assuring the very
beat results both for light and ventilation.
The class rooms are fourteen feet high.
oo radical a design naturally invites
radical criticism, and it is not easy at first
to decide on its merits, but it is believed
that in every respect the building will
be found worthy of high praise.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DEICVER, Feb. 25.— Chan Hon Fan, a
fuU-bJooded Chinese, and Mrs. Ida H.
Hell, a white woman, both of San Fran
cisco, were married here to-day by the
R*v. Camdon M. Cobern, pastor of Trinity
M. E. Church, tho largest church in Den
ver. • They tried to get married in Cali
fornia, but the law v.-as against them, so
tjiey traveled to Colorado, where there is
ho statute prohibiting the intermarriage
of- Chinese and Caucasians. Being mar
ried; they will return at once to San Fran
cisco.
According to the story told to Mr. Co-
Vern. they have been in love with each
ether a long time. When Mrs. Hull's hus-
Var.d clod i.n San Francisco a number of
.yt-ars a.go she had a call to preach the
<3oepcl to the heathen. She went into
Chinatown, where she met Chan Hon Fan.
Mho was engaged in the same sort of
•work, being at the head of a Methodist
Chinese minion. ¦ He was educated in
if fr>1l ih/ttn« from the mandarin class,
V.ore the clothing of the white man. was
cjueuoltfs and was a regularly, ordained
I'.iniFter of the Methodist Episcopal
'church. After trying- to get a license in
San Francisco, they decided Colorado
would afford them the relief sought. On
arriving here yesterday, they went first
io Sir.g Lee. a California-street laundry
ir.an. whom Chan Hon Fan had known
in San Francisco, and then to Dr. R. F.
Lrmond, a well-known physician, whom
they tr.et la«t summer while they were
taking the children of their mission on
an excursion around the bay. Sing Lee
find I)r. Lomond used their good offices
v.ith thc ; County Clerk and with the Rev.
Mf. Cobern, and there was no difficulty
in petting: a marriape license or a minister
to perform the ceremony.
T he couple djsappeared immediately aft
er bvlr.g married. Fan is about 25 years
old and his bride about 30.
• Chan Han Fan is a Methodist minister
well known on the Pacific Coast through
his missionary labors among his owh
¦c-j-jutrympn. He came from China with
his parents while very young and has
lived in the West for more than thirty
>ears. He was one of the converts of the
celebrated Dr. Gibson, and at the age of
In rears was known as "the boy street
jreather."
The work of Rev. Chan Hon Fan has
been very successful and he has been
largely instrumental in bringing thousand*
of Chinese to Christianity. For the last
two yiars he has been preaching in Los
Ange!e.«. - Ho was married once before to
a Chinese mandarins daughter, who died
cbeut two years ago, leaving four chil
dren.
Mrs. Hull was formerly a teacher at
the Chinesp Mission in this city and wr.s
associated In her labors for several years
with Rev. Chan Hon Fan. The two "were
known to he quite attached to each other,
but the -announcement of their marriage
coir.es as an overwhelming surprise to
their many friends in this citv.
Tabling to Secure a License in Cali
fornia, the Couple Proceed to
Colorado, Where They
Are United.
Marriage of Chan Hon Fan
to Mrs. Ida H. Hull, a
Missionary Worker.
CHINESE WEDS
A WHITE WOMAN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HONOLULU, Feb. 19.— At the meeting
of the Honolulu Ministerial Association
yesterday morning it was resolved to ap
ply to-morrow morning to Judge Hum
phreys, presiding in the Circuit Court of
the First Circuit, for a writ of injunction
against i the Joshiwara at Iwllei in the
Honolulu suburbs. This ia the place
where, since the plague fires destroyed
Chinatown and its institutions last year,
the Japanese abandoned women have
bten corralled, under police supervision
ind Board of Health inspection.
There are from one to twb hundred of
the Japanese and a dozer, or so of French
women in what the agitators against such
apparently legal sanction of the social
evil denominate "the slave pen." The
agitation has been maintained with mow
or less vigor intermittently ever since the
corral has been established. The Rev. \V.
K. Azbitl. formerly a missionary to Japun
from the Christian denomination, and
Professor Theodore rUchards, formerly
principal of Kamehameha School, hav«;
Deen the leaders in this emulation of
Parkhurst. LaUerly the Honolulu Pro
tective league was organized and re
vealed, as one of its objects, a campaign
agak.st the alleged slavery feature of me
establishment. This Lody, however, has
thus far done nothing. Within the past
tew weeks the whole aufstion has been
stirred up afresh by Misses Jessie Acker
man and Ada L. Murcutt, the widely
known traveling apostlis of the W. C. T.
U. They have visited the plac^; under es
cort of the High Sheriff, and upon the
Ftrength of their «nvcstlrations have
Mrathingly denounced tne authorities, both
from the public platform and through the
press, for not only tolerating but protect
ing the institution. It is doubtless owing
to the vigorous action of these visitors
that the Ministerial Association Is about
to appeal to the law for the suppression
of the Jo«hiwara. The preachers are plan
ning to take the authorities as well as the
public by surprise.
The Republican has been since its start
aiding the movement for the suppression
of lwilei, and as Judce Humphreys has
been the controlling owner of that paper
since before he went -Jixm the bench the
movers count upon at least a favorable
ear to th*lr petition to-morrow.
The first Legislature cf the Territory of
Hawaii is to open to-morrow. Governor
Dole's speech is, of course, being guarded
as strictly against premature publication
as the President's message to Con^res 1 ?.
His estimates are ready to lay before the
Legislature. It is not expected that these
will display any strenuous policy of econ
omy and retrenchment. W ith the excep
tion of the postal and customs services,
now in Federal hands, and for the first
time not having to be provided for out of
local resources, there will be just as large
an army of office-holders as ever, perhaps
Indeed even larger. When it is remem
bered that these excepted services had for
many years vielded a handsome surplus,
the Territorial burden of administration is
greater than before. There will be a shav
ing down of salaries of the four offices
corresponding to the former ministerial
ones, so as to make them bear due pro
portion to the reduced compensation of
officers now paid from the Federal treas
ury. This will be a cut in each case merely
from $6000 to $4500 a year.
•There will be three crand divisions of
matter for deliberation in the session.
Without regard to order of Importance
they are: The estimates or the appro
priation bills; taxation or providing of
, sufficient revenue to meet new conditions;
i municipal institutions or the provision oi
I independent town and city government:
i compensation for wrongs and misfortunes
deemed responsibilities of governments
; hitherto, such as those arising from in
surrection and pestilence; the temperance
question.
Taking these subjects In the order hero
given, the appropriations will certainly
form a lively issue. The Home Rulers aro
in the saddle and they may be depends
upon to lose no opportunity of making
the fact patent to the world. They repre
sent the old cry of "Hawaii for the Ha
wailans." Happy may the office-holder,
appointed by favor of those whom the Ha
walians blame for shutting them out of
lot or part in the government of tht'r
i own country for the past eleht years.
! count himself whose salary is not sun
! Jected to the pruning-knife or has not a
rider attached making the salary condi
tioned on some one else leeelving it. Then,
when it comes to logrolling for appropria
tions for different sections, the legislator
of Hawaii, white as well as foreign, will
belie his past if he do not help to mako
ducks and drakes of the most carefully
prepared estimates.
Appropriation Bills the Most Impor
tant Subjects to Be Considered at
the Present Session of the
Legislature.
Hawaiian Reformers Plan to
Take the Question Into
the Courts.
CRUSADE AGAINST
THE "SLAVE PEN"
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25. — The Senate
Committee on Relations with Cuba has
agreed "to an amendment to the army
appropriation bill regarding Cuba. The
entire committee is in agreement, and
there will be no minority report, and no
opposition is expected from the Demo
crats In the Senate.' It Is the general im
pression that the agreement to-day makes
an extra session of Congress unnecessary.
At 12:15 p. m. Senator Platt of Connecti
cut, chairman of the Committee on Rela
tions with Cuba, reported the amendment
agreed: upon by the committee to be at
tached to the army appropriation bill.
' The text of the amendment is as fol
lows:
"In fulfillment cf the declaration con
tained in the joint resolution approved
April 20, lSas, entitled "For the recog
nition of the Independence of the
people of Cuba, demanding that the
Srantsh Government relinquish its au
thority and government in tho island
of Cuba and withdraw its land and
nnval forces from - Cuba and Cuban
waters, and directing the President of the
United States to use the land and naval
lorces of the United States to carry these
resolutions into effect, ' the President is
hereby authorized to leave the govern
ment and. control of the island of Cuba to
its peoptefso soon as a stable government
can be ; established In said island under
a constitution which, either as a part
thereof or- in an ordinance appended
thereto, shall define the .'future relations
of the United States with Cuba substan
tially as follows:
"First— That the Government of Cuba
Bhall never enter into any treaty or other
compact with any foreign power or
powers which will imnair or tend to im
pair the independence of Cuba, nor In any
manner authorize or permit any foreign
power or powers to obtain by colonization
or for military or naval purposes or other
wise, lodgment in or control over any
poftion of said island.
"Second— That said Government shall
not assume or contract any public debt,
to pay the interest upon which and to
make reasonable sinking fund provision
for the ultimate discharge of which the
ordinary revenues of the islands, after de
fraying the current expenses of govern
ment, shall be inadequate.
"Third— That the Government of Cuba
consents that the United States may ex
ercise the right to intervene for the
preservation of Cuban independence, the
maintenance of a Government adequate
for the protection of life, property and
individual liberty, and for discharging the
obligations with respect to Cuba Imposed
by the treaty of Paris upon the United
States, now to be assumed and under
taken by the Government of Cuba.
"4. That all acts of the United States in
Cuba during its military occupancy there
of are ratified and validated and all law
ful rights acquired thereunder shall be
maintained and protected.
"5. That the Government of Cuba will
execute and, as far as necessary, extend
the plans already devised, or other plans
to be mutually agreed upon, for the sani
tation of the cities of the island, to the
end that a recurrence of epidemics and
Infectious diseases may be prevented,
thereby assuring protection to the people
and commerce of Cuba, as well as to the
commerce of the Southern ports of the
United States and the people residing
therein.
,"6. ,That the Isle of Pines shall be omit
ted from the proposed constitutional
boundaries of Cuba, the title thereto being
left to future adjustment by treaty. . -
"7. That to enable the United States to
maintain the Independence of Cuba and
to protect the people thereof, as well/as
for its own defense, the Government of
Cuba will sell or lease to the United
States lands necessary for coaling or
naval stations at certain specified points,
to be agreed upon with the President of
the United States.
"3. That by way of further assurance,
the Government of Cuba will embody the
foregoing provisions in a permanent
treaty with the United States."
The amendment was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
It can be stated on high authority that
the Cuban amendment to the army ap
propriation bill Is satisfactory to the
President, and thai Its adoption by Con
gress will avoid the necessity for an ex
tra session.
Will B2 No Iffiinority Report and It
Is Not Believed That Democrats
"Will Offer Any Oppo
. sition.
... * •
Committee on Relations With
Cuba Agrees Upon an
Amendment.
EXTRA SESSION
NOT NECESSARY
WASHINGTON. Feb. 25.— At the open
ing of to-day's session the Senate agreed
to a conference upon the postofflce appro
priation bill. Wolcott. Chandler and But
ler being named as conferees on the part
of the Senate.
The Senate agreed to a conference on
the diplomatic and consular appropriation
bill and Hale, Cullom and Teller were
named as conferees.
A resolution offered by Galllnger.of the
Committee on Pensions, authorizing that
committee to make an examination of al!
laws granting pensions to soldiers, their
survivors and dependents, to malte inves
tigation of special pension legislation and
to make any other inquiry on the general
subject of pension legislation as the com
mittee may deem desirable, was adopted.
Morgan offered a resolution declaring
that the Nlcaraguan canal bill was en
titled to be placed in the order of un
finished business and under the rules of
the Senate Is entitled to a more privileged
position. The chair held that the canal
bill, having been displaced by the fortifi
cations appropriation bill, goes to the cal
endar.
A House bill 'amending the act provid
ing a civil government for Porto Rico and
to increase the salary of the commissioner
of education of the island was called up
by Foraker. The Senate committee re*
ported a substitute for the House bill.
Foraker presented an amendment pro
viding that all customs and Internal taxe3
of the island should be paid into the treas
ury of Porto Rico and be expended for
the benefit of the island instead of being
paid first into the treasury of the United
States.
While making eome Inquiries about the
bill Pettigrew declared that the United
States was holding i'orto Rico as a colony
—"a crown colony at that"— which had
shown its ability to manage its own af
fairs "better than the people of Ohio
manage their affairs."
As the discussion seemed likely to be
protracted Foraker withdrew the contest
ed amendment and the bill was passed.
Consideration was then resumed of the
army appropriation bill. Platt of Connec
ticut reported from the Committee on Re
lations with Cuba an amendment defining
the relations of this Government with
the proposed Government of Cuba. It
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Pettus of Alabama presented a written
statement raising a point of order against
the amendment to the conferring of
authority on the President to provide a
civil government for the Philippines. The
President pro. tern., Frye, submitted the
point to the Senate. The amendment was
decided to be in order by a vote of 39 to 23.
Spodner offered an amendment to the
amendment providing until a permanent
government shall have been established
In the Philippine archipelago full reports
shall be made to Congress on the first
day of each regular session of all legisla
tive proceeding* of the temporary gov
ernment, and that full information shall
be supplied to the President as to the con
ditions in the Islands. The Spooner
amendment was agreed to.
Vest of Missouri offered the following
amendment to the Philippine provision:
: "That no Judgment, order or act by any
of said officials eo appointed shall conflict
with the law and the constitution of the
United States.'-'-- «¦¦> ,,-, — . .... _ _
-Three amendments- to the Philippine
section of the bill were offered, as follows:
. By Bacon of Georgia— "That all grants
o.f franchises, tights and privileges, or
concessions of a public or quasi-public na
ture, granted under the powers conferred
by this act shall be reported to the Con
gress of the United States, which hereby
reserves the power to annul or modify
the same.
"That all laws enacted by any govern
mental authority created under the pow
ers conferred by this act shall be reported
to the Congress of the United States,
which hereby reserves the power and
authority, if deemed advisable, to annul
\he same."
By Hoar— "That no sale or lease of pub
lic property shall be made and no fran
chise granted which is not approved by
the President of the United States and
Is not in his judgment clearly necessary
for tiie Immediate government of the isl
ands and indispensable for the interest
of the people thereof, and which cannot
without great public mischief be post
poned until the establishment of perma
nent civil government."
By Pettus— "That every person in whom
shall be vested any power in or over the
Philippine Islands before exercising any
such power shall take an oath to support
the constitution of the United States.'
Morgan denounced the action of the Re
publican majority in bringing to the Sen
ate at this time in the session proposi
tions of so far reaching a character as
those relating to the Philippines and
Cuba. It was, he said, a most important
and dangerous movement, and as he and
a large body of men on hia side of the
chamber believed, in direct conflict -with
the constitution. The action of the ma
jority, ho declared. "i9 a despotism In leg
islation never paralleled in the history of
this country."
Without completing his speech, Mr. Mor
gan yielded at 5:S0, in order that the Sen
ate might take a recess^ until 8 o'clock.
"When the Senate resumed its session at
8 o'clock the galleries were crowded and
there was a fairly good attendance of Sen
ators on the floor.
Pettlgrcw offered a resolution, which
went over, requesting the President for
information as to the censoring of dis
patches from Manila prior to February 4.
lS-d: also for General Otis' first dispatch
announcing that hostilities had opened
and other Information.
Morgan then resumed his speech rela
tive to the Philippine amendment to the
pending army appropriation bill.
Foraker Offers Amendment Providing
That All Revenues From Taxes in
Porto Bico Bo Paid Into the
Island's Treasury.
Senators Discuss Features
cf Army Reorganiza
tion Bill.
LONG DISCUSSION
ON PHILIPPINES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1901.
SPLENDID HIGH SCHOOL
BUILDING FOR RIVERSIDE
Plans Call for an Up-to=Date Structure in the
Mission Style of Architecture.
2
M Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
*Gran-9olTent"<l!MolYes Stricture lllse «>ow •>?•
eealh tha inn. reduces Knlantod Prostate ani
¦trengtbens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains aa4
Emissions in Fifteen Days.
Ko drags to niln ibe stomach, but » direct IocaJ
and posltiTe application to the entire urethml trac\
Grin-SolTent is not a liquid. It Is prepared la
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and tlexlbl*
tad to narrow as to pass me closest stricture.
Evtry Man Should Know Himself.
n« St. James Awn.. Box 834. Cincinnati. 0.. liu
mpnred at jrrent expense an exhaust- I" n T T 1
KJlllastrate.1 Treailw upon t&e ma^ULL |
rrmtem. which Ux»» win send to any r 11 PP I
male applicant. ¦ "* l<l
ST 1AWFS ISSN 2S0 ELM ST.,
31. JA.!iE3 A3J1V Cincinnati, Ohio.
M ? fl fij a^
Any one knows and knows when eared. Wa
hav« oRered a reward of tZS for 4 years here
in Lo» Angeles to anyone with Piles who could
not be cured with 1 box of Verus Pile Cur*,
and not one p»r*on has claimed the reward.
We now offer and will pay any on* suffering
with Piles %~A who cannot b« cured with Verus
Pile Cure. Our record shows OTer 10.000 cured.
Writ* for information. Perhaps w« hav» your
neighbor's testimonial. Price {& postpaid.
VERUS PILE CURE CO., Room 225, Wilson BI1
Or ELLINGTON DRUG CO., Wholesale and
Retail Druggists, Agts.. Fourth and
Spring Bts., Los Angeles, Cat.
DR.MEYERS&CO. Jpp%
Specialists. Disease ZSp-^
and weakness of : i&&* _**?'£¦
men. Established /pMt
1S81. Consultation W jK "SS^^f
and private book \S&. I /<-A I
free, at offlce or by fS»sVl J*r3\£*
mail. Cures puar- ivIrpKMWF^n*
anteed. T.'H Mar- NS'Aaw'ffl
• ket street (elevator A^V&S^fw
entrance), San #sJ^M^
ft* f«
%a^3?Q MARKET ST. SlSjq&r
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Cataloguas and Price Lfets Mallad
on Application.
COAL, COKE ANDPIO «0.f. I.-
JC U If COV * CIS *» Battery 3U*«t.
•W- n ILOUil li WU-. Telephone Main UM.
COPPERSMITH. v\3
CW CM ITH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat aad
• ITO.TI I III ship Wcrk a »p-clalty. liana
IS Washington it. Telephone Main St«l.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I AC RflVCC * C'\ Phipplac Uuteher*. io»
JAi- UUIE3SIJ- Clay. Tel. Main Oi
OILS. "v :
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * F.LUS.
«1S Front st. S. V. Phone Main 1713.
PRINTI.NO.
E.C- HUGHES, .u»ff£yg-».r.
I PRINTERS. BOD BINDERi.
THE HiCKi-JL T DI> CO..
v »~ . ti First nt.. San Franetscw.
STATIONER AND PRINTED.
Telegraphic pA^TRIDGH ** ?££*'¦*
ACKERJHAN & KOHN
(Formerly with the California Furniture
Company).
The Only Exclusive Carpet House on
the Coast.
THE LARGEST DEALERS IN
Bi£elow
Axminstery
The most beautiful and desirable of
all Carpets. .
Patterns Arc AH Our Private
Designs
And can be purchased nowhere else.
Before purchasing call and inspect
our immense stock of Carpets, Lino-
leums, Mattings, etc, of every grade
and lowest possible prices.
ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
ACKERMAN" & KOHN,
;. Exclusive Carpeters.
I Starr King Building, 123 Geary street.
• To Cure a Cold in One Day. ¦
T«ke Lazntlve Bromo Quinine Tablets. . All
diuprlpu wfund the money if It falls to cuie
E. \V. G:.ve"g signature Is on each box. 23c. •
AD VEBTISEME2TT 3.
I I THIS \ I
I I WEEK] I
WE WILL CLOSE OUT j
I the Balance of Our I
•j $50,000.00 Stock of |
I Winter Shoes. 1
NOW 15 v-JzA
THE TIME ffifyi !
TO BUY. Jp J |
I We will close out about 700
\ pairs of Men's Fine Shoes at ,
$1.5O, $i2 and $2.oO per pair
that formerly sold for $5, .$6
and$^ ; • ¦
400 pairs Ladies' Fine Vici Kid
Lace, new coin toe and patent
n leather tip, genuine welted
sewed soles, stitched edges
actually worth $4 per pair, :o
i be closed out at §2.00
i Only 400 pairs of these Shoes.
OUR BARGAIN COUNTERS
• Will Be a Surprise This Week. ;
PRICES MARKED WAY DOWN
H And Every Pair Must Go. ;
I A Full Line of Union Mads Shoes \
1 for Union Ken,
I Store Closes at 6 p rr>- .
f Saturdays at II p m.
p Phelan Building 1 , :
I 812-814 MARKET STREET,
H Wo Have Ko Branch Stores.MEN WHOSE GENIUS ILLUMINATES THE HALLS OF LEGISLATION.
Dibble on the Scene.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 25.— Ex-AFsemblyman H. C.
Dibble of San Francisco appeared on the
ec^ne to-day, and soon afterward John-
Fon moved that he be Riven the privileges
of the floor during his stay in Sacra
mento. The motion prevailed, upon ex
planation by Speaker Pendleton that Dib
ble jra? an "honored ex-member of the
Assembly." Dibble is a member of the
Council of Administration. Grand Army
of the Republic, and is here in the Inter
est of the bills in aid of the Veterans'
ih me of California; but It is understood
that he Is also Interested in the reappor
tionment of Sao Francisco Assembly dis
tricts. • . "
Action on Cods Bills.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 25.— The Assembly adopted
to-r.ight a few minor amendments to As
pc-mbly bill €S3. revising the Civil Code,
and parsed the mpasure to third reading.
On motion of Treadwell the three co<le re
viston bills— Assembly bills 6S3 and 764 and
Eenate bill 128— w»re made special orders
for Wednesday night.
MENTO. Feb. 25.— The Knowland Chinese
slavery bills were called up out of order
to-day In the Assembly by the author, and
by unanimous consent were read a sec
ond time and passed to third reading.
Knowland. Schlesinger and Macbeth
spoke briefly In favor of them, and not a
voice was raised in opposition.' Rev. F.
K. Baker of San Francisco and Miss Lake
and Miss Cameron of the Chinese mis
sions of San : Francisco were present in
the lobby.
No Dissenting Voice Is Raised When
They Are Considered in the
Assembly.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-
CHINESE SLAVERY BILLS
PASS TO THIRD READING
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 25.— Broughton introduced
another franchise bill in the Assembly this
morning. The effect of It Is to compel ad
vertising of the sale of special privileges
for terms of less than two years in coun
ties and districts outside of Incorporated
towns and cities, in the same manner as
regular franchises are «old. It Is in the
form of an amendment to the present
statute and its object is effected by tho
omission of the clause of the original sec
tion by which special privileges are ex
cepfd from -the provision malting adver
tisement mandatory.
Broughton claims the bill was Intro
duced at the request of a constituent of
his in Pomona who has a grievance on
account of a special privilege granted the
Southern Pacific to fay a tract i» front
of his proper-r.
quest of a Constituent.
Broughton Presents a Bill at the Re-
ANOTHER FRANCHISE MEASURE
AbRent— Ashe. Bettman, Caldwell, Currier,
Curttn, Hoey. Laird, Luchslnger, Maprgard.
Muenter, Nelnon, Plunkett, Sims and Tyrrell
of Nevada— 14.- ,
Aj-fs— Belshaw, Burnett, Byrnes, Corlett, Da
vis. Devlin. Flint, Lardner. Leavitt, Lukens.
Oneal. Pace, Rowell, "* Selvage, Shortridge,
Smith of Los Angelen. Taylor, Tyrrell of San
Francisco, Welch, Wolfe and Greenwell— 21. •
Noes— Cutter, Gmd, Nutt. Simpson, Smith of
Kern — 5. . ' "*
Smith of Kern objected to the proposi
tion of attempting to bind future Legis
latures to the wishes of this one., Short
ridge objected to the amount as being too
great. Davis, answering the argument
'that the university was a school for the
rich, declared that the greater percentage
of the students were poor. He said that,
as a declaration of policy, the measure
was a good one. Rowell spoke' of the need
of some stated Income for the institution
and supported the bill as being the best
means to obtain such Income. Taylor and
Lukens lent their support to the measure
and Simpson opposed it.
The rollcall showed but twenty-four
Senators present and voting, and six of
these were In the negative. A callof tho
Senate was ordered and two "ayes" were
rounded up, and - then by Greenwell's
change 1 from "no" to "aye" the necessary
twenty-one were obtained. The final roll
call was as follows: >,-"¦ ;-.¦ : .; .
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 25.— By a bare . majority,
obtained only after a call of the Senate,
the university . "policy" bill slipped past
the Senate to-day. It was the cause of
an hour's debate in the morning, during
which the form of the bill, the policy of
it and the principle of it were assailed."
Recaives a Bare Majority After an
Hour Spent in Warm
Debate.
UNIVERSITY "POLICY"
BILL PASSES SENATE
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 25. — After much argu
ment 'a call of the Senate -and rustling
for votes Senator Caldwell's bill to pro
vide local option In municipalities was
beaten this; afternoon by, a vote of 19 to
18. 21 being necessary to pass It.
The bill '.was opposed by Shortridge and
was supported by? Belshaw and Caldwell.
On the roll call' It came: within one vote
of passing, > bqt 'at the last moment Tay
lor changed from aye to no, and. then the
Senate ¦ refused to remain : longer locked
up under a. call- of the house.' Caldwell
changed his vote and gave' notice of a
niotlon.to reconsider.
Nineteen to Eighteen the Record
Against Caldwell's Bill in .
the Senate.
Assembly bill 849, reported by the Com
mittee on Ways and Means,' and appro
priating $12,500 additional to pay the con
tingent expenses of this session, was
made an emergency meaure, given a sec
ond and third reading and passed, by
unanimous vote.
LOCAL OPTION LOSES
BY BUT TWO VOTES
An elaborate system of fees Is estab
lished, and in addition the following fees
for articles of incorporation, according to
the amount of capital stock: For filing
articles of Incorporation, ll the capital
stock amounts to $25,000 or less, $15; if the
capital stock amounts to more than $25,
000 and not over $75,000, $25; If the capital
stock amounts to more than $75,000 and
not more than $200,000, , $50; if the capital
stock amounts to more than $200,000 and
not more than $500,000, $75; if the capital
stock is more than $500,000 and not more
than $1,000,000. $100; If the capital stock is
more than $1,000,000, $150. For filing arti
cles of Incorporation without capital
stock except co-operative associations, $5;
for tiling articles of incorporation of co
operative associations formed under the
act of 1S9G or acts supplementary thereto
or amendatory thereof," $15.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO,-Feb. 25— Senate bill 559. fixing
fees for the granting of articles of incor
poration, was made an urgency measure
In the Assembly this afternoon and was
given a second and third reading and put
upon its final passage under suspension
of the constltution.-The.bill was passed
by a vote of 59 ayes to no noes.
No One Votes Against the Measure
in ths Lower House of tha ' -AX
Legislature.
INCORPORATION PEE
BHiL GOES THBOTJGH
MENTO, Feb. 25.— The last day for the in
troduction of bills brought into the As
sembly hopper several measures with
radical -features. Flsk introduced a con
stitutional amendment, amending section
2 of article 6 of the Constitution, relating
to the Supreme Court. By Its provisions
the court commission Is abolished and the
number of Associate Justices Is lncrease-1
to. nine. Three departments are estab
lished. The three additional Associate
Justices are to be appointed by the Gov
ernor immediately upon the adoption of
the amendment, the appointees to hold
efflce only until the next general elec
tion. The Legislature is empowered to
reduce the number of Associate Justices
to six and the departments to two when
ever such action shall be advisable. This
amendment was introduced in the Senate
by Devlin. /¦¦"•*¦';¦'-',»'¦"
Johnson is the author of . a bill— 836—
making only a bare majority necessary to
the adoption of a constitutional amend
ment. This was Introduced in the Sen
ate also.
Johnson also introduced a bill repeal-
Ing the present acts relating to Building
and Loan Commissioners and establish
ing a new commission, to -cousistof two
members, to hold office four years, with
salaries of $2400 each. The commission
Is to have a secretary with a salary of
$120.) per year. The bill establishes an
elaborate and detailed system of super
vision of the building and loan associa
tions of the State.
MUIce introduced- a counterpart of
Caldwell'a Senate bill to appropriate
$15,000 for the establishment at «or_ near
San Jacinto, In Riverside County, of a
reform school for girls under 18 years cf
age. The school is to be known as the
'•Girls' Institute of San Jacinto." The
object Is to provide a , separate ¦< Institu
tion for the girls now committed to the
Whittier State School. -
Treadwell introduced a till 'making U
a misdemeanor to discharge firearms
within a half mile of a State hospital for
the Insane. • .
Senator Oneal has introduced a" bill
providing for the return *„ to their own
country or State of non-residents who
may become insane in this State. A pro
v4ous bill by Oneal provides for the de
portation of Insane • person not citizens
of this State who may be confined' in
State hospitals, but this later bill provides
for the deportation of non-resident in
sane as soon as they may be adjudged so.
Flsk Proposes a Constitutional
Amendment Affecting the
Supreme Court.
.CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-
LEGISLATURE'S LAST DA"^
. FOB PBESENTTNQ BILLS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 25.-Congresslonal
apportionment has taken another
reversal of form and Mendoclno
has once more been tossed from
one district into another. This time the
proposed Second District gets It, and
there it probably will stay for the next
ten years. The change was not made
without a two hours' wrangle over the
question In caucus this afternoon. Frank
L. Coombs came into town last night,
declaring he had dropped in only. to look
at things, but with his pockets stuffed
full of telegrams from persons wanting
to have Mendocino taken from the First
District and put with the Second. Sup
plementing these, telegrams kept arriv
ing all day from the Superior Judge and
the county officers and many more of
the prominent people i of the redwoods,
all demanding that the county be em
braced in the Second District. When the
caucus was called these telegrams had
First Distrlct-Humboldt. Del Norte, Slskl
ycu. Me doc. Trinity, Lassen, Shasta. Tehama,
Plumas, Sierra, Nevada. Placer. Kl Dorado,
counted up to quite a respectable num
ber and when the question came up the
county of Mendoclno was shifted.
Selvagre made a hard fight to hold the
county in the First, and he was backed
by Laird and Lardner. Davis also took
a hand and said it would be a good
thing* to have Mendoclno In the First
District.
Caldwell agreed to have Inyo Joined
to San Bernardino to form a Senatorial
r'I?trlct. so an impending fight there was
averted.
When the bill came before the Senate
It was amended in accordance with the
caucus agreement and then It was laid
over until to-morrow night, when the
San Francisco delegation will be able to
Kive the line between the Fourth and
Fifth districts. The bill will be through
third reading at once, and when It
reaches the Assembly. It Is expected,
there will be no material objection to it.
As It now stands the districts will be
as follows:
Tho bill- providing for Assembly and
Senatorial districts was read the second
time. Amendments were made putting in
the lines of the San Francisco and the
Alameda districts. This, too, will come
up to-morrow night.
AmaiJor, Alnlne, Calaveras. Mono, Tuolumne
and Meriposa, with a population of 189,000.
Second District— Mendadno, Glenn. Butte.
Yuba. Sutter. Colusa, Lake. Sonoma, Napa,
Marln. Yolo and Sacramento, with a popula
tion of 200.000.
Third District— Alameda, Contra Costa and
Solnno, with a population of 172.000.
Fourth restrict— Part of San Francisco, with
a population of 207,000.
Fifth District— rart of ' San Francisco, San
Mateo and Santa Clara, with a population of
207,000. •
Sixth District — San Joaquin, Stanislaus, Mer
ced, Panta. Cruz. Monterey, San Benlto. Ma
dera. Fresno and Klngs, 4 with a population of
160, ceo.
Seventh District— Inyo. Tulare, San Luis
OblFpo, Santa Barbara. Kern, Ventura, San
Bernardino, Klverside. Orange and SaJi Diego,
with a population of 190,000. - -
Eighth District— Loa Aneeles, with a popu
lation of 170.C0O.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Assembly Adds Daily to Its* Record
for Extravagance.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 25.— The Assembly is add
ing day by day to its record for extrava
gance in junkets. The largest raid on
the treasury to-day came in the form of
an expense bill of the Fish and Game
Committee for trips to Monterey and
Santa Barbara, for the Investigation of
the abalone in its native haunts. These
jaunts cost the State $1153 60. or $144 20
per member for the peven committeemen
and one clerk who made the trip. If the
resulting legislation be wise and the in
dustry be properly fostered, it is believed
that in time there will be returned to trie
treasury In taxe* part of what this single
junket cost the State.
The mileage expense of the Assembly
Committee that attended Stephen il
White's funeral was $6C3 20.
Brady's Committee on Commerce and
Navigation made Its weekly trip to San
Francisco and the State paid $144 for it.
The Committee on Commissions and Pub
lic Expenditures— or four members of It—
visited the Uklah State Hospital to see
if the Lunacy Commission might not be
abolished. Cost to the State. $164. •
JUNKETERS PUT IN BILLS.
VOTERS TO EXPRESS
CHOICE FOR SENATOR
Intent of a Bill Introduced in the
Assembly by Brovm of
San Mateo.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 25.— Brown of San Mateo
introduced in the Assembly this morning
a bill which voices the public opinion that
in future Senatorial elections more atten
tion should be paid to the will of the peo
ple and less to the wishes of the bosses.
The bill seeks to bring about this condi
tion in sr>ite of the impossibility of elec
tion by direct vote.
Brown's measure directs the Governor
to issue a proclamation thirty days before
the general election of 1992, directing the
?-tutors to express their preference for
United States Senator. The bill provides
in detail for a place upon the ballot for
the expression of such preference and for
the tabulation of the returns and the
preparation by the Secretary of State of
an abstract of the returns.
The author contemplates the nomina
tion. In case the bill becomes a law, of
candidates for United States Senator by
the State conventions. Such nomination
and subsequent expression of publln opin
ion at the polls would act, it Is believed,
as a moral -obligation upon the Legisla
ture and would prevent deadlocks In
which the will of the people is Jg-aored.
MENTO, Feb. 25.— A special rule, intro
duced by Dunlap of the Committee on
Rules, was adopted by the Assembly to
day. By It the Committee on Rules Is
directed to prepare a special urgency file
consisting of bills to be selected in the
following manner: Each member shall
present to the committee any particular
bill which he desires taken up out c* i
order. When this list is made up the com- I
mitt*** nhall cause the nam-T of all m<-m
bers to be placed in a hat and drawn from
it by chance in the presence of the As
sembly, and a special file cf bills will be
made up in the order in which the names
are drawn. The objection of seven mem
bers at any time will stop the considera
tion of a bill on the special file. Debate
upon a bill on th.is special file shall be
limited to five minutes, to be divided be
tween those favoring and those opposing
the measure.
A similar file was provided for In the
Senate on motion of Leavitt, but It will be
made up by roll call Instead of by com
mittee. The roll will be called to-morrow
morning.' and each Senator will then
name one bill; which he may have put on
the file. It will be considered each morn
ing after the reports of committees and
until the recess, at 12:30.
Bills to Be Given Preference in Order
in Which They Are Drawn
by Chance.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-
SPECIAX FLLE PROVIDED
IN SENATE AND HOUSE
contests in the Superior Court against th»
probate of the will of their mother. Mn.
Catherine Gallagher, who died in Watson
ville, leaving an estate- worth $30,000. They
claim that undue influence wda exerted by
Sfdney Gallagher and Mrs. Jane TClee. also
children of the deceased. It Is alleeetl
that the will was not signed. 1n the pres
ence of the attesting 1 witnesses, James G.
Magulre and J. Leggett of San Francisco.
Mrs. Gallagher left the bulk of her prop
erty to four children, cutting off the? con
testants with small becruest^. ¦ • » .
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. 25.— Nellie Galla
gher and Fannie Estrada to-day . began
CONTEST THEIB MOTHER'S WILL
Spectrum Has Few Points of Re
semblance to Those of Pre
vious Discoveries. .• • • . .
LICK OBSERVATORY. Feb. 25.— The
new star in Perseus ha3 diminished in
brightness about one-fifth of a magnitude
in the past twenty-four hours. A careful
study of the red, orange, yellow and green
regions of its spectrum, was made th'3
evening, leading to many results of great
technical interest.
The presence of hydrogen In the star Is
shown by the broad, bright bands of that
cement. The orange line of helium '.s
dark. The orange sodium lines ar© dark
and extremely narrow and the fact that
they occupy this usual position show.s
that the star's distance from the earth is
not changing rapidly. The spectrum has
very few points .of resemblance- to the
spectra of previous new stars.
LICK'S OBSERVATION .
OF THE NEW. STAR
forts were made to-day to find the body
of John C. Eunner of San Francisco,
who stepped between the tie3 in the rivaff
bridge last night and was drowned, but
these efforts proved fruitless. Coroner
McMullen said to-night that he had ad
vised the use of grappling irons to drag
the river, and the friends of the unfor
tunate man were talking of offering a
reward as an inducement for fishermen
to recover the body.
The Coroner said that Mr. Bunner's
body no doubt was In the mud at the
bottom of the river, although the cur
rent may have carried it a considerable
distance down stream, and that it would
not be surprising that the body should
become buried in the debris which fills
the water at this time and never b«
found.
Sacramento's Coroner Believes It
Bests in the Muddy Bottom
of the River.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 25.— Desultory ef-
JOHU" C. BTJNNEB'S BODY
MAY NEVER BE FOUND
tablished: California— Robinsons, Cala
veras County, James S. Owens; Postmas
ter.
Postmasters commissioned: Calif ornla-
Wlnslow L. Rldeout, Lakeport; Marietta
Loftus, West Point. Oregon— Albert D.
Pettyjohn, Croston.
Appointed: California— J. F. Carney,
Monroe. Mejidoclno County, vice C. P.
Iliggins, resigned. Oregon — H. A. Brown,
Argenti, Marlon County, vice J. S. L. Ros
sell. resigned. 1
i The United States Civil Service Com
mission will hold an examination at Pasa
dena, California. April 10, for clerk-carrier
at that postofflce.
Pensions issued: California— Original-
Lewis Hell. Bolsa, J6; Albert Lane. San
Francisco, $6. Increase — Frederick Moen
nighelm, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $10.
Widows— Special February 13— Gertrude B.
Wilkinson. Los Angeles. $30. Mexican war
widows— Sarah Moore, San Francisco, $8.
Original— Asher P. Brown, Los Angeles,
$G. Additional-'Nels F. Axelson. Santa
Ana, $10. Increase—Alfred A. . McLean.
San Francisco, $S. Original widows, re
issue — Minors of John Robker, Pomona
$16. Augusta E. Nash, Auburn. $12. War
with Spain— Original— Rolla L. Drake, San
Francisco, $17-
Oregon— Original— William Hyde, Mount
Tabor, $6: Jesse T. Thompson. Coles Val
ley, $6. Increase— Schuyler Sumner. Wil
liams, $10; Daniel. E. Jones, Central Point
$8.
Washington — Original— William Lee'. Sol
diers* Home, Orting, $8: Octavlus A. Dick
inson. Orting. $12. Additional— John Knox.
Dayton, $10. Increase— John D. Chandler
Soldiers' Home, Orting, $12. Benjamin f'
Brown, Napavine. $10. Original, widows
Sarah A. Tuttle, South Tacoma, $8. . •
Naval orders-^Surgeon George PIckrell
is detached from Cavlte station to Marc
Island. '
Postofflcs Changes and List of Pen
sions Issued.
WASHINGTONY Feb. 25.-Postofflc© es-
INTERESTS THE COAST.
RAMENTO, Feb. 25.— Senator Lukens ha*
taken another try at the textbook ques
tion with a bill to provide a new com
mission- for buying and compiling copy
rghted matter. His bill appropriates $10,
000 for the purchase of copyrights and for
expenses of the commission and then pro
vides as follows:
The State Board of Education Is hereby au
thorized to compile, or cause to be compiled,
such textbooks on such 'subjects as are neces
sary for use in the public schools of this. State,
and for that purpose, to procure the use of
copyrighted matter and the plates thereof from
which the same may be printed, either by pur
chase, hire or otherwise. The said board may
appoint a separate expert commission to assist
in the selection of each book; provided, that
the amount paid any one commission for Its
assistance In the selection of any one book
shall not exceed loOQ. ¦
LTJKENS' TEXTBOOK BILL.
Provides for Buying and Compiling
-'¦ : t- Copyrighted Matter.
CALL IIIiADQUARTERS. SACRA-
MENTO, Feb. 25.— "Colonel" Martin Bra
dy, the man of many Junkets, the tender
loin statesman, who has received more
money In mileage- during this session than
any other of the class of greedy legis
lators whose chief service has been to de
vise plans whereby the State treasury
couia be further looted by means of Jun
keting trips, succeeded this morning In
getting through by irregular method res
olutions which give him 513 more than he
could claim even under the statute. The
6ame form of petty larceny Is planned by
others, and legislators whose consciences
have become seared by the rank frauds
that have been perpetrated in the way of
Junktts? can seo no cause for indignation
In Brady's grab.
'The Ellis street statesman went last
Friday to TJklah with a v«*rt of the Com
mittee on , Commissions, and Public Ex
penditure. ' Bliss, Ilasson and Stewart of
Amador accompanied him. The trip itself
was only one more of the indefensible
junkets the expense of which this com
mittee has saddled upon the State, until
now it is looked upon as needing Investi
gation Itself fully as badly as the Paris
Commission, whose inquisitor It was.
Brady returned to San Krancisco and
met there his Committee on Commerce
and Navigation. I-ast evening he returned
to Sacramento, and this morning Jils
name was included In both resolutions
for mileage, ile receives $41 mileage for
the Ukiah trip and $13 for the San Fran
cisco trip. As the $41 covers the distance
actually traveled by Brady ithe J13 claim
was plainly an Illegal one.
Because of the claim's illegality, pre
sumably. Bliss, McWade and others of
Brady's friends Insisted that the resolu
tions should be acted*upon at once, though
the regular procedure is to refer the
claim to the Committee on Mileage, and
the resolutions were accordingly adopted.
The Committee on Mileage would approve
any claim, and reference to it was to be
feared only because some one else might
enter a protest. Bliss has become too
good a programmer to let his colleague,
Brady, be placed in danger, of losing
good, hard coin, and so the resolutions
went through. Assuming that Brady paid
his railroad fare, he is about %*0 "to the
good" for two days of doing nothing, in
addition to his salary as Assemblyman.
If ho did not find It necessary to pay fare
he cleaned up $59 in the two days.
."Colonel" Brady Induces the State to
Pay Double When He
Travels.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-
WORKS A DUPLICATE
. SYSTEM ON MILEAGE
responsibility, and, as In the past, put Itself
on record as having jurisdiction over any
action of the students that in any way affects
the university.
While the tacutty felt compelled by a prompt
and summary action to take cognizance of the
offense, the task was rendered doubly difficult
by the character and standing -of the partici
pants and their good record during their en
tire course.
the University of Washington does not re
instate Guy Robertson and Paul Harpe-,
who have been indefinitely suspended for
engaging in a fist fight over a question of
honor, students will refuse to register.
This means that they will withdraw from
the institution.
At a mass meeting of students this af
ternoon a committee was appointed to
draw up several sets of resolutions. One
will asK that the lighters and their sec
onds be reinstated. Another will condemn
the action of the faculty. It was decided
without a 0!ss'.niing voice^thai in case the
faculty refuse to reinstate thuse suspend
ed all* of the students would retire from
tcho.il life. The assertion Is made by stu
dents that the faculty knew tne light was
to be held. President Graven, Professor
I5yers, Professor Moore. Miss Hasel and
lilss Ober are said to have fully under
stood the Intention of the two students io
light on Friday morning. The students
argue that if the faculty had no author
ity to prt-vent a right being held away
from the campus, it has no rlKht to pun
ish the young men for taking part In it.
President Graves made the following
statement for the faculty:
On Saturday evening the faculty of the Unl
trowliic out cf the personal encounter that
occurred between two of the students on Fri
day. The two principals were suspended ln
•leflr.itely. The two seconds were suspended
for six weeks. The other sartlciDants are to
be given a public reprimand by the president.
Although the faculty was presumably in po
sesp'.on of the facts before the meeting was
called, the urinciiials and the seconds were
each Interviewed in the presence of the entire
faculty before action was taken.
In Justice to the students Involved. It should
be stated that they thought they were reliev
ing: the university of all responsibility by hav
lnjf the flsht take .place away from the campus
and on a public holiday. The faculty did not
SEATTLE, Feb. 25.— If the faculty o*
SEQUEL TO A FISTIC COMBAT
•
Classmen Object to the Suspension of
Principals and Seconds in
an Affair of
Honor.
Special Disratch to The Call.
Sends Ultimatum to Wash
ington University's
t Faculty.
STUDENT BODY
THREATENS TO
GO ON STRIKE
A message from Xtw Hope states that
a break has ocrurrrd on the White tract
along Snodgraps Sloush. A message from
Walnut Grove Fsys that the wator had
reached the top of the levee there but
It had be«»n held back by Backs and' dirt
Men are patrolling t'.;e levees all the time"
Frank Uatie received ¦ word from the
chicory factory th'.s morning that the
middle division of Roberts Island was ;n
treat danger on two San Joaquin River
fiide." .'The Bracks l^ancins country is un
der water. A break was reported In the
McCauley levee on Staten Inland, but It
proved to be seepage. The seepage on
Etaten.- Island is almost, as destructive as
a. break. It runs in faster than it can be
pumped out. Thousands of acres are un
der water now.
The break in the Miller and MatthewB
tract, opposite the County Hospital, is not
vet closed, although it was believ<>d that
It might be repaired. . About 8000 of the
12JM acres in Reclamation District No.
lT.are now flooded, it being a great inland
*ea:.' Or. the otlier. ;;ide. where the break
¦occurred in the Fabian and Bell tract.
.water flooded Banta yesterday and came
up to Tracy. Many thousands of acres
,*re submerged there.
; . Wright arul Dickinson received word
this morning that tire Sacramento River
was still coming up and that danger was
.to be. feared from that source. Men are
patrolling the levees with shotguns, fear
ing that it may be cut in one place sur
reptitiously to relieve anbther.
. -Wagons laden ..with household effects
are corr.Jr.g into lia-ua from the! flooded
district, the people glad to escape with
what they can tav<i. No land can be seen
for m'lep. This is ti>? highest water since
: 1880. when the water covered part of the
' now flooded district.
Reports are that Victoria Island Is all
right. The water ss still verv high, but
falling s-liGhtly. ;
STOCKTON. Feb. £3.-The Clifton Court
Jevee gave way early this morning and
water rushed in. covering the tract of
1309 acres. . Clifton 5s on the Grant line
canal and Old River and Is the head
qi:artTB of the Old River Land and Re
c'ataatlon Company. The Blossom towed
a : .dredper in there, but the entire tract
wHl be inundated. The break was caused
by the cutting of a >vee on the Fabian
ar ; <i Bell tract, opposite Clifton Court, on
the Grant lino canal. The water rushod
out and over against- the Clifton embank
ment, tearing a Bole in It.
I^evees Near Stockton.
Bising 1 Torrents Breale Through
VAST TRACTS TJNDEB WATER.
At 3 o'ciork this morning the first seri
ous break on this side of the river oc
curred at the Soto place, and to close
¦;ihis Surveyor Koyd- and his force bent
: their efforts with fuccoss to-<iay. Mr.
•-lioyd said to-nijrht that the Jevee had
. b'v-n washed away to surh an extent that
-¦xiiiy a tiiicKness of three feet remained
in places, and had the Soto break been
:.Wt open ov<-r to-night thousands of
Hcres <,f valuable 'and in this county ,
n-otira Jfiavw bwo umitr water tmnorrow.
At Clarksburg, in Yolo County, three
rrtile? beiow Freeport, the watchers say i
t<vni£ht that they have about given up
hr>pe of saving the levee, which is •weak
en**! by an *»ld break. There is a* bad
, X reak p.bove the Monument ranch and
f-outh "f the Elkhorn easement on the
Yoio side, through which the water is
pouring. Other small breaks are reported
on the Yolo side.
Meanwhile Sacramento City enjoys ab
solute sreurity. Its levee being perfectly
. >tronp and able to withstand much worse
conditions than those that now confront
' the landowners in the rivtr districts. As
t<> thf-so lands, perhaps the more valuable
of thorp, are protected 'by independent
reclamation district levees, although
¦ there is no doubt that much valuable
land is now under water.
SACR.VMEXTO, Feb. 25. —County Sur
veyor J. C. Boyd and his assistant. II.
J. Farley, returned to-nlsht from the
scene of the breale In the levee below
Freeport. eight miles down the Sacra
memo River from this city. They report
that while the levee Ss none too secure
the break has beet, closed, and that if
the water dues not rise to a greater
height the danger may have passed.
Tnat the 2e\o<»s soutn of the city have
thus far contained the savage current
seems ilrtle less than marvelous, when it
if considered that the surface of the
river is Cully twelve feet above the
felds and orchards that, abound along
tide. ISrea tiie paddling: of a river steam
boat i£ sufficient in places to send the
water ?tvec;riti£ over the crest of a levee
v.hioh but a week ngo was traveled as
a county road. On both sides of the river
anxious men. with lanterns In hand and
now and then one armed with a Fhorguu
¦are patrolling the banks to-night, as tney
old all of last night, watching for the
.lirst sijrn of 'he crumbling of the levee,
which is the only barrier, and a frali
¦;cne at that, between their homes and
the current, lashing itself into muddy
loam as it swirls through the upper
branches of the protecting willows. •
Guard Ag-ainst Danger.
Hen Patrol the Hiver's Banks to
BEEAES ON TELE SACEA3IENTO.
BETHAXY. Feb. 25.— The flooded dis
trict In the reclaimed land east of town
is still under wr.ter. The levee at Clifton
Court, r.orth cf town, broke . yesterday,
ar.d the entire Tract is flooded. Houses and
barns are floaiinp aronnd, and some of
the smaller houses are entirely *ub
merceol. Families living in two-story
structures bare taken to the top floors,
with all of their possessions. Carcasses
of live stock are seen floating down
stream.
La*t Dlfbt at 11 o'clock shouting and
screaming was heard out on the water,
fcnd to-day it was learned that Joe Hat
lieid had lost his life in the torrent. Hat
field was a tisherman who had resided
he:v fur quite a v.hile past.
Foar families that have been driven
from their homes by the 1'ood have taken
up tom'iorary iuart»rs st The residence of
John Alohr. Tiie family of Daniel Uagley
fir., consisting of himself, his wife and
eight children, barely e«ceju-d frGm their
duelling, whiiih was' situated high u;> on
the river bank. They saved all their cloth
ing' ai:d h«;uf=ehold effects, and assisted
by the town ix-ople hurriedly moved to
drjor quarters.
?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Some Houses Are Entirely Submerged
and. Occupants of Others Are
Driven to the Upper
.. Stories.
FAMILIES LOSE THEIR DWELLINGS
Residents Hear Joseph Hat
field's Despairing Cries
at Night
LOSES HIS LIFE
IN THE FLOOD
NEAR BETHANY
know.
James Tynan and his wife Annie in 1S33
adopted In Fresno a little girl, whom they
took into their home as their own. The
family moved to Los Angeles, where in
1S03 the first shadow fell on the threshold
in the death of the wife and mother.
After a time parental love on Tynan's
part changed to affection of another kind,
and Gracie ami her 43-year-old father
found themselves very much In love with;
one another. They decided to marry. The
next step was to procure a license. The
clerk who Issued it questioned Mr. Tynan
closely when ho noticed the names were
alike, but the adopted father declared the
two had nc blood relationship, so the li
cense was issued on February 5 to James
H. Tynan to marry his pretty daughter
of eighteen summers.
The two went to the priest. Here all
was not smooth sailing. The priest re
fused to tie the knot until he learned
whether It was lawful for a father to
marry his adopted dauRhter. The Ty
nans went to an attorney, -who advised,
them that the best thing to be done was
to appeal to the court to set aside the
adoption. The petition was filed to-day.
It contains the following:
"The paternal and filial affection exist
ing between James Tynan and Gracie Ty
nan at the time of adoption has, since
the death of Annie Tynan, ripened Into
mutual conjugal affection, and It has be
come and now is impossible for the said
parties to maintain the relationship of
father and daughter. They therefore pray
that they be restored to the status they
occupied prior to the adoption."
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 25.— James Tynan
would like to marry his adopted daughter.
Grade Tynan. Mr. Tynan has the license
and Grade's consent, but Just what the
law ¦ in the matter is no one seems to
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
Court Is Asked -to Set Aside the Pa
pers' That Give th» Pair the
Relationship of Father y • ,
OBTAINS A MARRIAGE LICENSE
James Tynan's Parental Af
lectlon Undergoes a
Transformation.
SEEKS TO WED
HIS DAUGHTER
BY ADOPTION
To-night the demented woman was
taken to Colfax, whence she will be sent
to an asylum.
The insane murderess escaped the vigil
ance of her guards at lO-.^O o'clock last
night. She first wont to the home of
Peter Jacobs and broke a window, fright
ening the inmates of the house. She then
visited the residence. of Mr. Koester. All
had retired but Mrs. Koester, who was
sitting at a table writing a letter. Upon
hearing a knock at the door Mrs. Koester
asked who was there. The reply came:
"PJease let me In. I want to tell you
something."
Mrs. Koester than unlocked the door.
The insane visitor, clad only in her night
dress, seized her with both hands. Mrs.
Koester screamed and ran to the room
where her husband was asleep. He sprang
from bed, caught the crazy intruder and
called his brother,, who was asleep up
stairs. Together they led the poor wo
man back to her home.
While preparing th? little ones for burial
fingermarks were found on the throats of
all. Indicating thai they had been
strangled 'before they were thrown Into
the well. The ruddy color of the skin and
the absence pf the How of water from the
mouth during the preparation for laying
out indicated that all were dead before
their bodies touched the water. The necks
of all except one were broken. After
having thus murdered her little ones the
insane mother hurled their bodies into the
well and held the heads under water to
make sure of her work.
UNIONTOWN, Wash., Feb. 23.-At the
conclusion of the Inquest to-day over the
bodies of the six children of Mrs. Rosa.
\Vurzer, who were thrown Into a well and
drowned by their mother, the Coroner's
jury returned a verdict .charging Mrs.
Wurzer with their deaths.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Causes Terror Among the Residents
of Uniontown Before .She Is
Recaptured and Placed
CRAZED " MURDERESS AT LARGE
Six Little Ones Are Lifeless
When Cast Into the
MRS. WURZER 'S
BABES DIE BY
STRANGULATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, l§0 1.
& * ~ ¦¦¦¦¦; . - . ¦ - ¦ , ¦ . • ¦ .
Two Hours of Wrangling in Caucus Ends in Change
in Congressional Apportionment.
MENDOCINO COUNTY IS AGAIN
PUT INTO SECOND DISTRICT
3
jopsi-lHPvg.
That's a favorite attitude of the small
boy. And in this again "the child is
the father of the man." The man does
not essay to walk through life on his
hands, but he creates for himself a kin£>
jff ' dotn of topsy-turvy-
/H dora. He turns night .
Jgfxi, into day. He eats re-
MjEgW^ gardlesa of time and
physical necessities.
makes a pleasure
J^2||«of his business and a
£$ju$af business of his plea*-
Jaggajay ure. In fact, he ef- ,
iBffffPSip fectuaHy reverses the
flBfrgBajy order oi natural liv-
IJMhHh^ ing. The result is
jSrajnlli physical disability
P«2Bgj generally Introduced
/•'.* * i&^ " v " we *^ " •tomach.
L> '.'•'¦'*%$ The food he eats does
V -•! r^y j not nourish him be-
cause the stomach
igJBffT**^ •'•'• and its associated
|ijfc* ¦"¦««'*•_ orgaru are not able
tflil i~.. ishment - from the
t*J («": food. Hence, the
K.jjVja^|}body is under nour-
and disease de-
velops in one form
h2J' or another.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
enfes diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition. It
cures through tie stomach diseases
which originate in a diseased condition
of the stomach and its allied organs.
Hence, it cures "weak" lungs, «weak*
heart, "weak** nerves and other forms of
so-called weakness.
"I had be;n troabl-d with catarTh ef the
stomach and heart trouble." writes Mr. W. D.
Merchant, of Tylsrsbur?, Clarion Co.. Penn'a.
"HHd doctored for some time without relief,
thea I began to take Dr. Pierce's Golden Med-
ical Discovery. I took seven bottles. Before I ,
bea«n to take it I weighed 119 pounds, and now
I weigh 176. I a» working steadily sad feel
»v> a well maa. I sead you many thanks."
• Dr. Pierco's Pleasant Pellets core eon-
ATlVKPTTRB-M l^Tif.SAN JOSE. Feb. 23.— At a. largely at
tended citizens' meeting held this even
ing to discuss the several Improvemenr.i
contemplated in the proposed bond lssv.o
of $2G7,00O. an incident not on the pro
gramme occurred, a motion prevailing
unanimously dhscounieiiancing a boxinif
carnival which San Francisco pugilists
propose to hold in the Hose Carnival Hall
next week. A committee was appointed
to ask the Board of Sr.irerviaors to with
hold its approval.
Oppose Boxing Carnival.
Owing to the sodden condition of ths
course the greenfceepers hav» hitherto not
been able to mow it, but a beginning was
made yesterday. If no more rain falls thi
course should be in excellent condition for
the tournament to be held next week on
the occasion of the visit of Willie Smith.
and David Bell. Though the date s*t Tor
the visit of these famous professionals is
drawing near, no decision seems to have
been reached as to the nature of the tour
nament to be held on the Presidio links
on March 5 and 6. Some weeks ap n:i
event, open to amateurs and professlor.ali
alike, with money prizes for the profes
sionals and piei-es of silver for the am.i
teurs. was suggested. It is possible tha:
the tournament will take this form.
*Xo returns.
THE CALL'S CARTOONIST GIVES HIS IMPRESSIONS OF THE HAND
BALL TOURNAMENT NOW ON AT THE OLYMPIC CLUB. SNAP
SHOTS TAKEN WHILE THE CONTESTS WERE ON.
There aro now but three men to contest
for the gold an:l silver nv>dals In the sec
ond class. Johnson is looked up^jn as the
probable winner, but it is believed that
McLeod and Levy will run him a close
race for honors.
Te-morrow night Clough (40) plays
Powers (4d) and Hoffman (45) plays Bogen
'40). While Hoffman is looked upon to
win in his class he will have a strong com
petitor in Bogen, who is playing a mar
velous game.
Levy had and saved himself a bad defeat.
The score was: Levy (scratch), 51; Birds
all (45). 33.
Jerry Johnson • (scratch) and Melrose
(scratch) then took the court and played
a torrid game. Melrose was unable to
solve Johnson's "toss," and Johnson land
ed the game by a score of 51-33- Melrose
did some superior court playing, but his
opponent was too clever for him. :
Les'er Hammersmith made a {rood
showing against McLeod. but was out
classed.. McLeod played a "killing" game
and h&d Hammersmith guessing 1 . The
score was: McLeod. 51; Hammersmith, 26.
FRESNO. Feb. 23.— The smallpox scare
Is practically a .thing of the past. The
official bulletins to-day and for the last
two days show no new cases.
Smallpox Scare Passes.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 25.— The Califor
nia Association of Beekeepers began a
two days' session at the Chamber of Com
merce this afternoon. Election of officers
will take place to-morrow. -
Beekeepers in Convention.
WOODLAND, Feb. 25.— The' ; committee
appointed as a result of the irrigation agi
tation has held two important meetings,
both executive. The Impression is gaining
ground that the committee Is in a fair
way to solve the. problern, and the farm
ers and fruit .growers are' considerably
elated over the outlook
Solving an Irrigation Problem:
DEL MONTE, Feb. 23.— Interest in golf
circles here centers In the eames being
played. by the professionals, .Willie Smi'h
and David Bell, and Del Monte's expert
"Jim" Melville. To-day's match was be
tween Melville and Smith,- the latter win
ning 1 by a score of 5 up 3 to play. .
Smith Defeats Melville.
GALVESTON, Tex., Feb. 25.— Before the
Galveston Athletic Club Joe Choynski put
Jack Johnson out In the first few seconds
of the third round to-nlsht. Both men
were arrested .by State officers at the
close of the contest. The event was en
tirely bloodless and. a splendid exhibition
up to the time Choynski made a ¦ feint
with his left and put a right-hander to
the pit of Johnson's stomach.
Choynski Defeats Johnson.
. SAN JOSE, Feb. 25.— The committee ap
pointed at the meeting of fruit growers
about ten days ago to familiarize itself
with the constitution and' by-laws of the
California Cured Fruit Association and
report recommendations as to changes
met to-day.
To-day's meeting was made sensational
by Chairman J. H. Henry refusing to al
low W. P. Cragln. a director of the Cured
Fruit Association, to join in the discus
sion. Cragin and Vice President Moek
attended, and the former attempted to
take part in the deliberations, but was re
fused. At first he demurred, but Henry
insisted that. he keep quiet or leave the
room. Later It developed that the two
Cured Iruit Association officials attended
u^erthe impression that they had been
Invited. . dU Decn
ciation Officials.
Special Committee Shuts Out Asso-
PBUNE-GEOWERS MEET.
WOODLAND, Feb. 25.— A meeting of
baseball fans was held in this city last
evening, and it was decided to make an
effort to put a club into the Northern Cal
ifornia League. A committee of three
was appointed to canvass Woodland busi
ness men for subscriptions. It will be nec
essary to construct a grand ptand and
make other improvements before the
league season opens. The lovers of the
sport are much encouraged with the pros
pect of Jolnine the league.
May Join Baseball League.
The magnates refused to discuss the
American League except to predict the
failure of Ban Johnson's plan. The meet
ing adjourned at 10:30 p. m. President
Young said only routine business had been
discussed. A committee consisting ot
Messrs. Brush. Hart and Soden was a^
polnted to meet President dimmer of the
Players' Association and hear his de
mands. The time of this meeting and
whether It Is to be secret will be decided
later.
nlficantly hold Western Europe responsi
ble for the theory, thus tacitly admitting
that the United States acted under press
ure. They threaten trust-made European
and American products which are sold
cheaper abroad than at home with com
pensatory duties. They ignore as lrreve
lant the distinction between legislative
and voluntary regulations of Industries.
The announcement of this doctrine opens
up a wide field of speculation., apparently
presaging a transformatoin of the dis
criminating -duties against America Into
a general Increase of duties on all ar
ticles, which enter largely Into the
world's commerce and are the objects of
the keenest competition.
A plan of action against the American
League fn case of war, the hearing of trie
demands of the Players' Association an<l
the consideration and adoption of a play-
Ing schedule for the season are some of
the fhingg to come up.
The Players* Association to-day sub
mitted demands more comprehensive than
those made last fall.
NEW YORK. Feb. 25.— The National
Baseball League magnates began their
annual sprjngr meeting In the. Fifth-ave
nue Hotel to-nisht and will probably bb
In session for a week.
National Baseball League
Magnates in Session at
New York.
WILL CONSIDER
PLAYERS' DEMANDS
Tanforan Selections.
First race— Kenilworth, Theory. Gold Lace.
Second race— Nansen, Josephine B, . Donator.
Third race — Eva Moe, Veragua. Choteau.
Fourth race— Florizar, Prejudice, j Gonfalon.
Fifth race— Tola, Sublime, Skip Me." '
Sixth race— Meadow Lark, Taranto, Diomed.
Position .10S 1S87 Rixford 106
1J24 Dunboy .103 1829 AVhaleback ....103
1896 Mountain Dew. 107
Sixth race— Bix and a half furlongs; four
ytar-olds and up; selling: ;
1906 Meadow Lark..l0!» .... Taranto 112
1862 Diomed ...» — 1C6 1S73 Sweet Voice.... 10 1
1S36 Mary Kinsella.107 1894 Estro 109
1773 Slsquoc 106 1749 Faunette 107
1569 Lady Maud 104 1849 Pallucas ....... 109
Fifth race— Six furlong*; three-year-olds;
selling: .
1S01 Straight Shot.. 107 191S Mam. Hlldreth.101
1893 Sublime 101 (lS76)Follow Me 105
1922 Carlivignian ..103 (1918)Sklp Me..". 105
1863 Qulbo 106 1922 Cantlnus 106
1S01 Tola 103 1778 Klngstelle 101
1846 Illilouon 103 • .• . ¦ • yi;- : >
Fourth race— One mile; four-year-olds and
up; purse: v
1SS5 Florizar 107] 1S93 Gonfalon 107
1S59 Prejudice 102'
Third race— Mile and three-quarters; hurdle
r-pndicap; over seven hurdles:. •. '
17C4 May Boy 1421 133S OUberto 125
. 1920 EVa ' Moe 12G 1920 J O C 150
1920 Tom Sharkcy..l20 1920 Choteau 120
1920 The Californ'n.130 1S76 Magr. MltcheU..125
1'j20 Veracua 145 1S72 Koenlg ...". 120
1764 Granger HO
Second race— One mile; four- year-olds and
up; selling:
1919 Donator IO61 1827 Locochee 101
1803 Sidelong 104 (1910)Nansen ..104
1838 Josephine B....107 1&33 Vohicer 99
190S McNamara .... 93 1S3S Artllla 83
1SVS Vain 102
Entries at Tanforan.
The Tanforan entries are as follows:
First race— Five furlongs ; three-year-olds and
up; purse:
ir.23 Mrs. Brunei!.. .103 1163 Beau Monde. ...116
1714 Gold Lace Ill 1923 Dr. Cave 116
is:.9 Theory Ill 1910 Edinborough ..116
(lSCDKenti worth — 10S
All* English Heavyweights.
NEWCASTLE ON 5TTKK. Feb. 25.— Jack
O'Brien cf Philadelphia defeated Harry
Smith of Birmingham, . England, In the
third round of a rifteen-round boxing con
test here this' evening for a purse of $2OJ.
The referee Ftoppcd the fight before the
third round was completed. Smith at that
time being helpless and .without any
chance of winning. O'Brien weighed in
at 152 .pounds and Smith at 158. From tl«
outset O'Brien showed preat clr-verness,
apgre«?iven*i5s and tiittlnsr powrr. Ho
quickly wore down his opponent. O'Brien
challenged all English heavyweights, and
Jack Scales will accept. ¦, . .
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ATtRivnn.
• - • . . V. * ¦ Monday, February 25.
ftrnr Matif-nvran. Crosscut, S4 hours from
Tacoma.
" BAILED.
Monday, February 25.
Stmr Argo. Hughes.
DOMESTIC PORTS. , ','*'¦
GHATS HARBOR— Arrived Feb 23— Etmr
Fulton, b»nce Feb 22: schr Nokomls. from Ban
Pefifo; echr Laura May. hence Feb 18: bktn
Tam o' Shatter, hence Feb 15; schr Wawona,
f'cni Fan Pedro. -sBfe*
Scales Will Accept His Challenge to
O'BRIEN DEFEATS SMITH.
r*lret Race— Instants. Kl K&rn, Abba L.
Second Race — Don Orslno, The Benedict, Mo
rlnga. j
Third Race— Victoria' E, Glendennlar, Lou
wfliwa.
Fourth Race — Peace, Ama*a, Mocorlto.
Fifth Race— Ilcrton, Rio Chlco, Banger.
Sixth Race— Companion, Hilary, Granadlne.
Oakland Selections.
Birth- Race— Five furlongs; maiden three
j-ear-olds and up; purse:
1900-Hilary 114 1 12SS Richard S ....93
•.V.. Qr&nadine 116'. .... Singer l<il
IP24 Edith O 101 1S0O Companion ....101
-??I Acnatlcia .....lOll .... Road Agent 93
1883 Lady Rica ....lCIi
Fifth Raee-^One and an eighth mller; four
year-olds and .up; selling:
19IS Bang-or 114; 19Z& Rio Shannon ..307
(1897)Rio Chleo 109 1939 Norford 1C7
1S15 Uarda lUi(lS'jS)Horton 114
Fourth Race— Six furlorgrs; three-year-olds
and up; celling:
<lS3DDunfre« 661 1S9S Mocorlto .: 1|2
1856 Expedient 103 <l3l2)Axnasa Ybl
1917 Teace 1051
Third Race — Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
eelRns:
1913 Vass.Ho ........103,(1502)Glendennlng ..103
(lS3C)Victori& S ....109 1 1&2G Bright Moon...l0«
.... Escalante 108! 1841 Winnabell 103
1*13 Mike Murphy. .1031 1326 Louwelsea ....103
Second Race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
a.nd up; selling:
1648 Frank Woods.. BS .... Don Onslno ...104
18S8 The Benedict... 104 1836 Evirato 107
1J27 Hortnga 101 .... Morelllto 101
Following are the entries at Oakland:
First Race — Five furlongs; maiden three
ycar-olds and up; purse:
J804 Molllo Connors 91; 1C49 Instante 101
1SSS John Welch. ...104 1S42 Geo. Dewey 103
1S00 Pegalong 103 1SS9 Abba L 101
.... Acnesley .. 103 1924 El Kara 103
.... Jii'.ltls 101 1500 Carrie Lucas.. 81
Eatries at Oakland.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 25.— The semi
official Financial Messenger, In the course
of an article denying that sugar exports
enjoy an open or a secret premium from
the Russian treasury, points out that the
charter of the sugar regime of Russia,
which fixes the selling price for the home
market at a regularly reduced rate from
year to year, is intended to protect the
Russian consumer against the encourage
ment of exportation at his expense, arid
that If secret export premiums exist at all
they are due to the growing power of
trusts and syndicates in getting various
branches of production In their power,
with no other aim than to maintain nigh
prices abroad at the expense of the home
m The e Journal de St. Petersburg says:
"Will not a dangerous precedent be cre
ated by the desire to prove at any price
that alleged secret premiums are con
cealed by the Russian. sugar regime? If
Russia employed the same logic she
would with even great justification, be
driven to Impose counter duties upon
cast iron, .steel, copper and other Ameri
can products to which the principles now
being established could be applied with
equal justification. .
"Russia would also be perfectly Justified
In applying this new procedure not only
against the United States, but also
against Western Europe, inasmuch as
this singular Idea of; the concealment of.
premiums originated in no way with the
United States. It was first proclaimed by
Europe at the Brussels conference In 1898;
and It is only such an idea, for which Eu
rope is responsible, that Russia has to
thank for an Iniquitous act on the part of
the friendly United States.
"It must, above all, not be forgotten
that this ts a slippery path, and that. If
It be pursued further, we, too. shall In
evitably proceed, without even awaiting
the expiration of commercial treaties, to
similar measures, not only with regard to
America, but also with regard to Europe
in the case of -such products as are con
trolled by/ syndicates or other orjyanlza
tlons and sold cheaper abroad than at
home.". ¦ ¦ -
These articles, which appear In the offi
cial organs of the Ministry . of Finance,
undoubtedly represent the views- of th»
Russian Government in the application of
the theory of concealed export premiums
to trust-made products. -'Both papers slg-
Compensatory Duty May Rest
on Trust-Made Ameri
can Products.
RUSSIA MAKES
MILD THREATS
QEORGE BIRDSALL, the heavy
weight, lost five pounds of his
superfluous flesh in a handball
game at the Olympic Club last
night. Birdcall ran up and down
the court with the speed of an an
telope and smashed the ball with all
his force, but despite his exertions he fe'l
a victim to defeat. His opponent, Louis
Levy, a youth who parts his hair In the
middle and wears a bandage around his
calf, did the trick. Levy was as nervous
as a boy declaiming his firs', piece at
school, but in his calm moments managed
to score enough points to offset the handi
cap that Blrdsall enjoyed. The game was
the moat spirited of the night. Both play
ers fought for every point and when . the
contest was concluded they were willing
to bo carried out on a shutter.
Blrdsall did not play his usual game un
til near the end of the contest. His su
perior strength then began to assert itself
and he gradually lessened the lead that
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS .
John Glannini to Julia M. Glannlni, lot on V
line of Filbert Ftreet, 212:6 E of Flllmore E
25 by N 120; gUt.
Ferdinand Holtum to Herman I. Nager lot
on S line of S rtreet, 107:6 E of Thirty-ninth
avenue. E 2a by S 100; $10. ,
A. W. Benedict to Southern Pacific Com
pany, lot on W corner of Tenth avenue and Q
street south, NWV17B by S\V 100 block *l»
O'N. & H. Tract; $1030. ""
Kilward and Hannah Heringhi to James J.
Fllnn and Timothy E. Treacy. undivided H of i
lot on X line of Farrallones Htreet, 70:8 AV of
Baa Jose avenue, W 100 by N* 125, block N T
Railroad Homrstoad; $500.
James and Anna F. McCarthy to Ella Spring
(wife of A. J.). lota 19 and 20, block 33, City
Land Association; J1000.
A. F. Whit field to Mary E. Whltfield, lots
111, 180 and 242, Spring Valley Homestead; $2o0.
Leopold and Josephine Heringhi to James J.
Flinn and Timothy E. Treacey, lot on N line
of Farrallones street, 70:8 W of San Jose ave
nue, W 100 by N 125. block N, Railroad Home
stead Association; $500.
Alfred B. and Irma Spreckels to John F.
Klnslow, let on E line of Valencia atreet.
269:2H N from XW line of Mission. N SS:2H.
SE 5S:2%. SW 30, NW 40:!>*,, portion lot 26,
Garden Land Homestead Association; $l<X>0.
H. H. Hnrtman to E. F. Gutschow and W.
R. P. Wirthle, lota 3<i, 37 and 3S, block 44,
City Land Association; $150.
Cathrine O'Brien to Robert O'Brien, lot on
SE corner of Franklin and Austin streets,
S E0 by E U; gift.
Unity J. Logan (wife of J. I.) to Idallne
Rosekrans as trustee for Horace Virgil R.
Logan, minor, son of M. II. Logan), lot on W
line of Franklin street. 34 N of Fulton. X 16
by W 55. to. become the property of the said
Horace Virgil R. Logan when he shall reach
the age of 21 years.
Georjro E. and Cora J. Dow to Simon D.
Stein, lot on NE corner of Washington and
Lyon streets. N 102:8% by E. 31:3; $5500.
Adolph C. and Marie Becker to Timothy J.
Crowley, lot on E line of Ashbury street, 290:3
S of Waller. 8 C by E 106:3; $7500.
Veronica C. Balrd to Hans Petersen. lot on
S line of Page street, 137:6 W.of Ashbury, W
55 by S 137:6; also lot on S line of Page utreet,
247:6 W of Ashbury, W 27:6 by S 137:6; JSOOO.
Same to Peter C. Nielsen, lot on S line of
Page street, 192:6 W of Ashbury, W 65 by S
137:6; $3500.
Bridget Dayball to Barbara II. Knlpe and
John M. Dayball. lot on SE line of Sheridan
street, 180 NE of Tenth, NE 25 by SE 100;
gift.
Estate of Stanislas or Stanislas D. Stroz
ynskl (by California Safe Deposit and Trust
Co.. excutors) to J. J. A. Plath. .lot on Sllne
of -Twenty-first street, 33 E of Bartlett, E 33:6
by S 90; $1800.
James and Adelaide C. Gerard to Robert J.
Mercer, undivided one-fifth of lot on S line of
Fifteenth street, 87:6 W of Church, W 87:6 by
S 100; 1500.
S. H. Harmon Lumber Company to William
M. and Elizabeth M. Glllesple. lot on N line
of Army street, 74:10 E of Dolores. E 23. NE
65:4. N 3S. W 70, a 76 (to correct former deed);
$S00. :•¦¦.¦: ¦'
Leah V. Mott to M. A. Walsh and Theodore
II. Potthoff, . lot on N line of Army street, 160
E of Sanchez, E 2S by N 114; $500. ¦
"Marie Rlvollet. Anna Forr. Victorine Welker
and Albert Thlrlon to George F. Mackenzie,
lot on S line of Commercial street, 105 W of
Front, \V-25.by S 60. and all interest In party
walls adjoining; $5000.
Ermeneglldo Antonl, Carlo and Maria Rondi
nottl to ., Giovanni and Carmellnn Demartlnl,
lot on E line of Jasper place, 59:6 N of Union
street. N H9 by E 60: $7000.
Dora Peyser to Ella Schmltt (wlfo of Mau
rice), lot on SW corner of Green and Gough
streets, S 50 by W 100; $5.
City and county of San Francisco to Paul
Feldcdman, lot on NE cornor of Union and Oc
tavia streets, N 110 by E 84:6; $ — -.
Charles J. and Maude E. Deerlng to Henry
P. Conrady. lot on N line of Hayes street, 93
E of Steiner, E 25 by N 137:6: $3000.
William J. Parker to John H. Dickinson,
lot on E lino of Hyde street. 74:1H N of Pa
cific, N 23:44, E C3, S 20. W 1:2, S 3:5. W 28:3,
S 34 inches. W 33:7; also lot on N line of
Lynch street. C5 E of Hyde. E 20 by N 20; also
all interest in 50- vara block lot 12S7, with use
of alley 3 feet wide on E; $1000.
' Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Rebecca Marx (owner) with Davis &
Langland (contractors), architect Phillpp
Schwcrdt— Carpenter work. plumbing, etc..
for a two-story frame building on N line of
Union street, 97:6 E of Broderick, E 27:6 by
N 137:6; $3015. : >
Siller. Brothers (owners) with Allen & Allen
(contractors), architect 1 Plumbing and
gas fitting for flats at 714-716 Broadway; $1200.
C. W. Haufe (owner) with William Hewing
(contractor), plans by owner— All work except
mantels, gas fixtures and shades for a three
story-frame building (six flats) on N line of
McAllister street. 112:6 W of Webster. W 50
N 137:8, E 25. S 52:6. E 25. S 85; $13,200.
Ella and Maurice Schmltt (owner) with Wil
liam Horstmeyer & Co. (contractors), architect
Alexander F. Oakey — Excavation, grading, con
crete, cement, brick, terra cotta, carpenter,
mill and metal work, roofing, hardware and
glass, excepting , art glass, fnr a four-story
hotel building on NW corner of Sutter and
Gough streets. N'50 by W 137:8; $15,903.
Same owners with William F. Wilson & Co.
(contractors), architects same— Plumbing and
Ras'llttlnsr exclusive of ' tiling for same • on
same; $4131. . . ...
Time— 3-16. :13H; 7-15. :44*i; 5%f, 1:12%. Good
start. Won cleverly. Second and third driv
lr.g. . Winner, P. Howley's br. h. by Imp.
Erutus-Irith Lass. Only a gallop for the win
rer. Too short for Satin Coat. Delay at post
killed chances of Midlove. Scratched—Presti
digitator 109. Montallade 113.
Betting— Gurto, 3; Small Jack, 6-5; Satin
Coat. IP: Katie Gibbons, 4; Midlove, 7; Swift
¦water, CO. v
]»41. FIXTH RACE— Five and a half fur
lrngs; felling; four-year-oMs and up; purse,
$400.
Ir.iirx. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin.
in6 Cueto. 4. 114 Ruii 3 3h 2 1 12
IS- 12 Fmall Jack, 3, lt"3.lK>mk 5 11 1 H 2 2
1S12 Satin Coat. 3. !07.HoweIl 2 6 3 2 ' 3 1
IX'5 K. Gibbons, a. lll.Mnce 1 2 n 4 1 4 3
l«a Mi<51o<ie. :. llL.Fanntlry 4 4 15 1 5 10
1J03 Kwiftwater. 4, HT.fctuart € b 1 6 6
Time— ii. :2iV: \i. :S1; ri. 1:50. Good start.
Won <»a5Uy. Second and third driving. Wjn
r.f-r. J. H. Shif'.ds & Co.'s ch. h. by Fabine-
Fedalma. Hermoso ftopped in the stretch to
Jjark and prowl. Jerid ran like a racehorse.
Boundlee 1-x.ks light in D>Fh. Scratched— Alice
Iwiugherty 1"*.
Betting— Jerid. S; Hermoso, 1-2; Bour.dlee,
7-2. .
lf»4O. FIFTH RACH— Six furlongs; Belling;
fpur-yrar-oMg and up; purse, (404.
Inuei, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. 4. Str. Fin.
1SS1 JerM. I. HI Mounce 12 4 2 4 12
1S17 Hermoso, 6. H2..l>nmnk 2 13 11 2 4
(lSSl)Boundlee, 4. 1'JC.Bassngr 3 3 3 3
Betting— Ma rcato. 11-S: Xorford. 1; The Buf
foon, »; Ft. Rica. ?-2; Klckumbob, 39.
Tlme-1-16. :C7; "4. 25%; % :13; *i, 1:20;
ir.Jle. 1:4S4: 1 l-16m, 1A Good start. Won
tfrst three drivlnj?. Winner. Burrs &. Water-
Iv. u«=e's br. k. Ly Uuke of Montr^c-Minnehaha
P-elle. I»onnnick tried tr> carry ShielJs on
Itarcato out down the Ftretch and was hlm
srlf later on carried Into the bad going. St.
Rlra' could. not negotiate the going. Scratched
1039. FOfRTH RACE-Mile and a six
teenth: Felling; three-year-olds and up; purse,
!< ¦.
fades; Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. »£. Str. Fir..
(ISlOMarcato, 6, 114... Shields 2 2 4 In lft
1x79 Norford. 4. 114-Dominick 5 1 n 2 3 2 12
{!»0£)Ttie IJufTocn. 4. J0ii.Ba!>s 3 4 S 3 5 3 4
C33)8t. Rica. 3, 102.. Mounce 4 5 4 4 4 30
10C3 Kickmbob. 4, lOS.Mattns 13 15 5
193$. THIRD HACE- Four furlongs; maiden
two-y«ar-olds; puree, ?2I4
Index. Hor»». Wt. Jockey. St. «i. Str. Fin.
1JS0 Tyrar.us. 115 Mounce 2 24 IS 11
17TH Mnntnya, lln. ..Dominick 1 In 2h 2J
UCf-Js.rrvfrr* (l'Or. lU.Huiz 5 3 4 3 1 3 1
1P2« Oarlr*. 11* K"lly 3 5 4 6 4 4 1
1H2 Toreo Mal4. 113.. Shields 4 4 1 6 10 5 10
1?1» F. AU*Tb*Ty. 115.Bas8gr 6 6 10 4 h 6 20
l»»0 Achilles. IIS LiOgue 7 7 7 7
Ttee— H. £6; *&. -Wi- foor etart Won
Cm thi - driving. Winner, G. Summer's ch.
g. by Imp. Star Ruby-Tyranny. Montoya
wculd have scored If he had not tried to run
cut on the Ftretcb turn. Jarretierre d'Or can
do better. Torso Maid stumbled at head of
ftretch.
Bettir.g— Tyrants, E-5; Montoya. 7; JarretlTre
C'Or. |: Carlo. 12: Torso Maid, 2^; Fred Atter
bery. £; Achilles, coupled with Jarretlerre
<JOr.
Betting-Cue, 12; Maydine. 4; Pat Morrlssey.
2-5; Mentacus. f ¦; Alike. Kice, £0; None Such,
1037. SECOND RACE— Seven furlong*; eell
tr.«r: f«n:r-j-ear-cia» ar.3 up; purse, |400.
Infiex, Horee. Wt. Jockey. Bt. j H- Str. Fin.
IBI Cue. 4. 112.. ..Alexander S 4 5 4 5 In
1*:« Marine, 4, 107..Howell 2 2 n 11 2 2
IMt P. Morrl'ty. a, ltt.Shlds 112 3 4 3 5
1SO5 Monunut, 5, llS.Mounce 4 3 1 2 1 4 4
lfl« M'.ke Klce. a. 112.RuFSeIl G 6 5 E 10 5 10
1M4 Nctne t?uch, «. lltDingly 5 6 6 6
Tin:*-^. :ny. U. ::CU; hi. OVA; •;. 1:33.
Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
W. Saul's b. h. by imp. Conveth-Clara Moore.
Cue well ridden. Pat Morriseey never did like
heavy going. &Ionta.nus peize.l with a fit of
the sulk* at head of etretch. Kice no account.
Bettlnr— £>anlrt, f-10;- ITrchlri, 7-2; Jack Mc-
Cabe, tO: Ean Aug-ustine. 15; Incindiator, 12;
King's Pal, 7; Evlraio. 100.
Tinje->i. ::f; \i. rEI 1 ,; \. I3fcfc Foor start.
W on flxst three - driving. Winner. Caesar
Young's b. g. by Leonatus-Trolka- Atvay on
f <, ;ai terms with winner I'rchin would have
vcn. Augustine In deep going. King's Pal
<;ult. Incindlator not ready. Scratched—I/x>
»»m 112. Harry Thatcher 116.
heavy.
1030. FIRST RACE-SIX furlor.gs; selling ;
fc-ur-yesrbMs and up; pur*e. $300.'
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockev. St. H- 6tr. Fin.
<K6l)Dan:el. 4, l«<..Dominiek 1 4 1 2 1 1 n
1J01 Urchin. 4, JP9....Howell 5 6 10 4 »4 2 6
IMS J. MoCdbe. 6. 112..Alxdr 4 2 1 I 15 8 n
1S*S San Aup-'tne. E. 312. Hrr>d 3 1 h 1 »i 4 10
j 3S4S Inclndiator. 6. 115.Cnllns € € l'> 6 15 5 1
1€6« K1ng - f Pal, 4. lOj.nanrh 2 3 1 3 1 C 15
"-1MJ Evira«o, 6, 115... .Golden 7 7 7 7 %
OAKLAND KACETRACK — Monday.
. F#b. . 25, 1901.— Weather fine. Track
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
PeUins— High Hoe, 7-2; Vohicer, 7-2; Sy
baris, 3; The Singer, 5; Lady Meddlesome, 15;
Alas, 7.
Time— V*. :26; %. :C0: %. l:02>4: %. 1:29.
Good start. Won handily. Second and third
driving. Winner, O. P. Komlgh's b. m. by
HImyar-Janet. . Alas caught In barrier and
carried it with her. High, Hoe had most
speed and was best. Vohlper a good thing
that did not come off. 'Pulled up.
1!).15. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, |350. •' . '
Irde*. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. \i Str. Fin.
1SSU High Hoe. 6, 10.'... Burns 2 11 1H 13
1919 Vohicer, 4, 107..We.k-rsd 4 4 2 2 3 2 5
1S02 Sybaris, 6, 107 Henry 5 f> 2 3 hi 3 a
1506 The Singer, 4, ir>4..0'Con 1 3 h 4 5 4 3
1S70 L. Medlsme, 5, lOS.MIllur 3 2 hi 5 6
¦1870 Alas, 4. 104 En*3 6 6 •
Time— 3-16, 1:19H; 6-16. :31>i:7-16. :43}*; 6%t.
1:BV£. Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner. T. Fcnton & Co. 'a blk. g. by Inspec
tor B-Iowa. Invictus' race a startling reversal.
Beau Ormonde fouled Darlene. and Cougar
badly In the stretch and was disqualified.
Scratched— Benson Caldwell 112. "Dead heat.
"Disqualified for fouling and placed last.
Betting— Beau Ormonde, 1-2; Invictus, 23;
Cougar, 5-2; Darlene, 10.
19.14. FIFTH RACE-Six and a half fur
longs; three-year-olds; pur6e, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. »,i Str. Fin.
1S4!» B. Ormonde, 113.. Turner 2 3 h 4 *¦ • A**
1318 Invictus, M9 J. Daly 1 In 11 *4
3S30 Cougar, 106 T. Burns 3 2 2 2h 3 4
1SS4 DarU-ne, 107 Henry 4 4 3 \k 4
Time— U. :26V;; U, :50; %. .1:16; mile. 1:42^.
Good start. Won ridden out. Second ' and
third driving. Winner, C. R. Ellison's b. p.
by Montana-Walnut. Montanic stole a big
lf-ad and made the others dizzy trying to catch
him. Ada N, badly cut off on first turn, ran a
swell race. Hocr was stopping some at the
end.
Betting-— Montanic, 9-5; Barrack, 6; -Rolling
Boer. 3^2; Ada N, 6. •
.1033. FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year
olds and up; purse, $500.
Index, Horse, AVt, Jockey. St. % Str. Fin.
aS93)Moritanlc, 4, 106.. .. Burns 1 13 13 13
(190S) Barrack, 4, 109 Henry 2 3 5 3h 2 ns
1SC1 Roll. Boer, 3, 94. Murphy 4 2 h 2 2 3 4
(lS46)Ada N, 3. S3 Walsh 3 4 4 4
netting — Brownie Anderson. 9-5; Walken-
Fhaw. 11-5; Royal Prize, 40; Greatland, 10;
Rapido, 75; Burdock, 60; Hohenlohe," 30; Pres
tome, 9-2; Dolore, 15.
Time— 70 yrda, :0a; }4, :25V4; '4. :50; ?i,
1:16' 4 ; m, 1:43; 3m 70 yds, 1:47*4. Pad start.
Won easily. Second and third driving; Win
ner. D. H. Barnes' h. m. by George Kinney-
Alma H. Brownie Anderson was much the
btft and was well ridden. Walkenshaw ran his
race. Royal 1'rize's race a pw«-U one. Pres
tome quit badly and Hohcnlohe and Dolore
no chance with the start. Scratched—Llzzel
la 105.
JO.12. THIRD RACE-Mlle and 70 yards; sell
ing; four-year-olds and up; purse, $100. '
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. * St. Vi Str. Fin.
1S20 13. Amlerpn, i. 106. 0" Con 4 4 1 1 H 1 hi
1SH7 Walkens'w, a, 110.Hurn3 2 1 h 2 hi 2 hi
3910 It. l'rize. G. 107 El>O8 3 3 1 3 2 S Ms
1S34 Orratland, 5, 103. .Miller 6 6 5-48 44
1S70 Rapldo. a. 100... Murphy D 5 h 5 4 6 6
1908 Burdock, 4, 107 See 7 8 2 6 2 6 4
1910 Hohenlohe, 6, llO.Tullett 9 9 7 H 7 2
19«>S I 'res tome. 4, 107.. Henry 12 1 8 h 8 h
(12;w> Dolore, a, 103.. .Frawloy 8 72 9 9
Betting— Legal Maxim, 4-5; i Snooze. 9-5;
Yrsula, 13; Huachuca, 30; Ttemele, 40; The Ma
niac, 15.
Time— %, :12%; 3 ». :37. Oood start. "Won
ridden out. Second and third driving. Win
ner, y. Dunne's b. g. by imp. Bassetlaw-Miss
Maxim. Legal Maxim the best.' Snooze well
ridden. Yrusla was coming fast.- Scratched—
Gus Aberoromble 1»S.
1O31. SECOND RACE — Three furlongs;
nialdpn two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. *»4 Str. Fin.
1917 Legal Maxim, 105.0'Conr 3 ... 2 2 1 %
18S5 Snooze, 107 ..... ..Thorpe 1 ... 11 2 n
1907 Yrsula. 100 See 2 ... 3 2 3 6
18f»C Huachuca, 10S...J. Daly 4 ... 4 1 4 6
1SS3 Remele, 103..Burlinsame 5 ... 5 6 5 2
.... The Mnniac, 108... Henry 6 ... 6 6
Time— M, :25Vi; %. :«%; %. l:lo\. Bad
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, C. Lind & Co.'s b. m. by Imp. Clieve
<ien-Rebecca. Isaline beat the gate. Toah
badly cut off at half mile: phould have won.
Nellie Forest ran her race. Scratched—Moco
rito 105.
Betting— Isaline, 9-5; Toah, 1; Xellie Forest,
6; Vassal, 20; Wallenstein, 60.
. 1901.— Weather fine. Track heavy.
10.10. FIRST RACE-Slx furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up: purse, $400.
In<Jex, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. M Str. Fin.
(ISl'S) Isaline, 4, 106.. O 1 Connor 1 1 *j 12 11
1 1758) Toah. 3, 92 J. Walsh 5 5 3 1 2 hi
1858 N. Forest. 3. 95... Burke 2 3^22 35
1S22 Vassal, a. 102.... J. Daly 3 4 1 ' B i M
l&CW Wallenst'n. 4, 99. Jackson 4 2 1 4 2 5
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
TANTOBAN PAHK- Monday. Feb. 25,
The fourth race for a $300 purse was
captured by Montanic, Tommy Burns do
ing the steering. The other entries were
Ada N. Barrack and Rolling Boer. Mon
tanic airshipped at the start, the other
three trailing. Up the t>ack stretch Mon
tanic Dew, with Rolling Boer a bad sec
ond. When the stretch was reached,
Montanic was still far up In the van and
Rolling Boer and Barrack began fighting
it out for the place, the latter passing
under the wire for second money. The
race was all Montanic's. Rolling Boer
was second choice at the opening, but
closed the favorite In the betting.
The last race over seven furlongs was
won by High Hoe, Tommy Burns up.
Burns took the lead at the start and held
It throughout the race. Vohlcer got the
place and Sybaris the show. Alas in this
race tried to play the acrobat and stole a
piece of the gate, which she carried for
the full course dangling from the saddle.
lsaline with O'Connor in the saddle won
the first race sleeping. When the gate
was sprung Winnie cacried Isaline well to
the front and the rest tacked on, Toah,
the favorite, decorating the wake. At no
time was Isaline In danger. Toah began
to work up place by place and at th'i wire
passed In anead of Nellie -.Forest for the
place.
Legal Maxim, O'Connor acting as pilot
over the three furlongs in. the maiden
two-year-old«, won ¦ the second race.
Charlie Thorpe, mounted on Snooze, took
the lead until the paddock was reached,
but was then passed by Maxim. Yrsula
came up well at the -finish and all three
money getters were driving 'hard under
the wire without any daylight showing.
Then . came the third and last winning
for Winnie O'Connor. Again he was
mounted on the premier choice, this time
Brownie Anderson being the ' money get
ter. Walkenshaw opened at 2 to 1, the
same price being slated on Anderson, but
the latter was heavily played and was
backed down to 8 to 5. The start was
not a good one, Prestome,
and Royal Prize getting away far in
front. When the race was well under
way Brownie Anderson sifted out of the
bunch and O'Connor took matters easy.
Hoyal Prize, who sold at 5 to 1 for show,
came up strongly from the paddock on
and almost beat out Walkenshaw for the
place. The route was a long one, one
mile and seventy yards.
Winnie O'Connor again distinguished
himself. He rode four races, rolling home
three winners, all of them among tne first
choices.' The day belonged to the favo
rites, although* the Invictus upset gave it
a streak of long-shot color.
A DOUBLE sensation occurred in
one race at Tanforan yesterday.
First there was a dead heat and
then a disqualification of the
favorite. Beau Ormonde, leaving
Invictus, 30 to 1, the winner. When In
victus and Beau. Ormonde passed under
the wire on a dead line i:i the fifth race a
shout went up from the stand, for it was
a sensational finish and not a hair's
breadth separated the winners of the joint
first and second places. But something
happened just before the finish that threw
Beau Ormonde but of the race when the
judges gave their post mortem. Invictus
led all the way, but from the stretch
Beau Ormonde came on like. a whirlwind
right between Darlene and Cougar. Nash
Turner, who had the leg on the favorite,
could not keep Beau Ormonde from
bumping both Cougar and Darlene when
the last driving spurt was made. The
boys were called Into the stand and
agreed as to the foul, so the Beau was
put out of It, Cougar thus getting the
place and Darlene the show. The price,
25 t».l, on Invictus, was a false one.
By Louis Honig.
On March 1 the Thornton stake at four
miles, to be decided at Oakland next
month, will be reopened for a period of
fifteen days, to permit of additional en
tries beinjj made. •
AT TANFORAN TRACK
Track Notes.
Backed from S to 3 Gusto ran away from
Small Jack In the final sprint, winning
cleverly by two lengths. Ilowell on.Satlu
Coat linished third.
Nothing warmer than Norford was de
veloped during the afternoon's proceed
ings. The Doble & Co. entry was backed
down from threes to -even money in the
betting in the mile nntl a Sixteenth sell
ing affair, and In a long, hard drive lost
the decision to Marca.to by a neck. The
winner, well ridden by Henry Shields,
opened an S to 5 choice, receding to 11
to 5.
Gil Summers' dropped his Imp. Star
Ruby-Tyranny two-vcar-old in the '"baby"
event for a good thing and the youngster
returned with the merchandise. Backed
from twos down to S to 5 he fought it out
with Montoya from the jump, winning by
a length. The latter had his odds played
down from 30 to 7 and only for an in
clination to run out would have won.
Pat Morrissey, another 1 to 2 chance,
made quite as bad a mess of the second
event. ¦ Never partial to a heavy or stlcky
track Pat led his company to the turn
for hmne and then began preparations for
a rest. Henry Shields urged him along,
and thofcfih responding somewhat he
finished third. J. Alexander, by an ap
plication of perseverance and muscle,
landed tho 12 to 1 .shot Cue llrst, a head
in front <•£ Maydine.
.. no great amount of surprise.
Daniel and Tyranus were the favorites
successful In landing purses, while Pat
Morrlssey and Hermoso* let their friends
down with an expensive thud. The at
tendance was large and the ten book3
laying odds were kent bu?f .
Roiled down to a three-horse race the
fifth number was put down as a certainty
for Bookmaker Cook's Hermoso. The
big chestnut sprinter led Jerid and Bound
lee Into the stretch three lengths and then
under Dominick's weak riding died away.
Jerid' strided into the leading position and
won easing up. Boundlee, apparently not
at his best, ran a poor third.
By F. E. Mulholland.
0WIJCG to the very heavy and un
certain condition of the track at
Oakland yesterday the . upsets,
and there were several, caused
AT OAKLAND TRACK
Dead Heat and Disqualification of Favorite in the
Same Race at Tanforan Track.
. I.OS ANGELES, Feb. 23.— Dr. Ordway, a
retired Eastern physician, Is mourning the
loss of $3000 In consequence of his too
ready investment In the financial schemes
of others. ' About a week ago E>r. Ord
way met a young promoter who volun
teered to show him the city and suburbs
and to give him any inside information
about realty and investments that he
wanted. One particularly bright outlook
was In the building of some Income-pay
ing houses in Los Angeles, which, if a
man could put in about $3090, would al
most yield him enough to live on in peace
for the rest of his days.
This was just what the doctor was look
ing for, so the young promoter appointed
a meeting for the doctor and his friend,
who was an architect and who was doing
the final work on the plans In his work
room. Dr. Ordway kept his appointment
and the young promoter took him to the
architect s workroom. After some techni
cal discussion about floors, gables and
hallways and when a general outline of
the financial plan had been given, the
doctor expressed his desire to invest and
asked the young- promoter-, to take him up
to the tank, the architect in the mean
time making an appointment with the
doctor for the purpose of signing the
papers and paying the money, which ap
pointment was faithfully carried out by
all parties.
Twenty-four hours later the doctor
came to the conclusion that he had been
bunkoed and reported the matter to the
police. , . '¦'.•.¦'-; •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Retired Eastern Physician
Yields Up $3000 at
Los Angelas.
FALLS VICTIM
TO BUNKO MEN
Martin was riding In a race at the Cairo
meeting when the American fouled Cap
tain Harman, a gentleman jockey, near
the post, almost driving his horse Into the
Brand stand. Martin won by a short head.
He was subsequently called before, the
stewards of the Turf Club, and having no
explanation to offer was disqualified and
debarred from the turf in Egypt.
LONDON, Feb. 25.-"Skeets" Martin,
whom the English Jockey Club caused to
be set down several times last year owing
to foul tactics in race riding, has now
got himself Into serious trouble, accord
ing to the- Dally Telegraph's telegram
from Cairo. i ' .-
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
- — ., • ¦ . ¦ . ' " ¦
Accused of Fouling a Gentleman
Kider, and Having No Ex
• planation to Offerls;
Disqualified.
"Skeets" Martin Gets Him
self Into Trouble at
Cairo.
YANKEE JOCKEY
IN DISGRACE
HEAVY TRACK AT OAKLAND
CAU5ES DEFEAT OF CHOICES
JOCKEY "SKEETS" MARTIN IS BARRED FROM THE EGYPTIAN TURF
GIRLS PLAY GOLF
AT THE PRESIDIO
Eight Contestants Meet in
a Special Handicap
Sweepstake.
Heavy Condition of the Course Causes
Poor Scores to Be Returned
. by Those Partici
pating. ;.
Eight ladles entered for the handicap
eweepstakes. over eighteen holes, played
yesterday on the Presidio links. The
course is heavy and rain-soaked and in
many places the grass Is quite Ion?. The
scores were m consequence Bomewhat
high. Miss Drum took first place by vir
tue of her handicap. Miss M. B. llorcgh
ton's gross score was exactly the sama
as that of the winner. The full scores
are given In the table:
LADIES- IIANDICAP-FEHIHTAKT 23. 1301.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY «>f5, 1901.
HANDBALL=TOSSERS PLAY
SOME VERY WARM GAMES
Exponents of the 5oft Ball Engage in a Big
Tournament at the Olympic Club.
4
PLATERS.
!
n
|
; —
a
i
s
a.
S
2:
i i
r
I •
Miss Drum
Misa Houg-hton
Miss Crockett
Miss O'Connor
Miss Ives
Miss Morgan
Miss Josaelyn
Miss Therese Mori
rgan
... 70
... 73 !
... 73
I 4
I 0
; «
• 8
S
'•I.
•3
'«
:•!
II
n
!
PLATERS.
!
n
|
; —
a
i
s
a.
S
2:
i i
r
I •
Miss Drum
Misa Houg-hton
Miss Crockett
Miss O'Connor
Miss Ives
Miss Morgan
Miss Josaelyn
Miss Therese Mori
rgan
... 70
... 73 !
... 73
I 4
I 0
; «
• 8
S
'•I.
•3
'«
:•!
II
n
!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
ff^ I IAI Jp^ I-afiln & Rand Waterproof
Slfl SlflS >k. Smokel«>sa Powder in bul*
l_| I ¦M and loaded in sheUs. Ser.a
111 1 for c *talcKue of sporting
%y rtr I \2 Tr *rood». GEO. W. SHHEVli,
133 Market «C .
IpPQUAUTY 1
¦ Mau'SADLE^ 6c CO. 9
I SANFRANCISCO,CftU I
Twenty-Five 1902 : * f]
CLEVELAND RAGERSl
Built expressly for San Fran- t\
cisc'o trade, arrived yester- w
day by Wells-Fareo. More' U
tO follow. .: ?- i«3
LEAVITT & BILL, ft
309 Larkin Street, San Frantfaco. S
20 San Pablo Avenue. Oakland. p|
57 South Second Street. San Jo*c. BWHEN FIREWORKS LIGHT
THE , HEAVENS ALL THE
DUCKS DEPART.
TO SAIL.
ROBERTS GETS A DECISION. — United
States District Judite de Haven handed down
a decision yesterday In favor of the llbelant in
the case of Martin R. Roberts vb. the scow
schooner Howard. United States Commissioner
Morse was authorized to ascertain and report
as to the amount of damages.
Thsy Are Engaged.
The. engagement of Alice Blanche
"Wheeler and John Ross Smith has been
announced. Miss Wheeler is the daughter
of Judson Wheeler, the well-known min
ing man and capitalist. Mr. Smith is the
secretary of J. C. Wilson & Co.
Thursday, February 28th,
Will be the beginning of 'the- creates*
clothing sale ever held In this city. Men's
cheviot and worsted buits. worth $18 for
$4.65. Men's pants, worth $3.50 for «X>c at
the Clothing Assignee Sale of the Boston
775 Market street, near Fourth. O8 "i n -
Lenten Reading 1 .
Miss Jennie" L«vy gave the first of a se
ries of readings at the home of Mrs. J. H.
Jewett last evening and entertained a
large number of listeners. The pro
gramme of the evening- included a scene
from "Twelfth Night." Hamlet's solilo
quy, the balcony scene from "Cyrano de
Bergerac," "Meeting With Royalty." a
prize story from the Black Cat, the fare
well scene from "The Prisoner of Zenda,"
"Tbe Man \Vlth the Hoe" and "The Alas
ka/ Vision," ¦•¦•written by the Rev. Hall
Young for Miss Levy.
"Worked and Made Merry.
The Jewish Ladles' Council of the Bush
6treet Synagogue held its monthly meet-
Ing at the church yesterday afternoon
There was a large attendance and the
ladies put in a busy day sewing for thol
poor. Coffee and refreshments were
served and a delightful social hour
brought the. afternoon to a clo«:e The n
dies of the council will sew every Monrlav
during March and. the clothes they make
will be donated to tho poor for Easter.
Time Bali;
Branch Hydrosraphlc • Offlce/u. ' S N Mer
Feb n ruary E " h^ e ' 8an F ™<W Cal..
1. e at noon of the 120th meridian. oV ex 8
o'clock p. m.,: Greenwich time.
• Lieutenant Commander. U/sPk^ln^ha'rge.
THEOSOPHY APOSTLE
ARRIVES ON COPTIC
lows' Hall Before Leaving
for East.
Colonel Olcott to Lecture at Odd Hal-
Colonel H. S. Olcott, one of the founders
of the Theosophy movement, arrived on
the steamship Coptic from the Orient yes
terday. Colonel Olcott is a veteran of
the Union army and presents a most ven
erable appearance, being nearly 80 years
of age.
At the close of the civil war Olcott prac
ticed law, but eventually resigned from
his profession to study theosophy. He be
came a warm friend of Madame Blavat
sky. and going to India with her they
formulated the Theosophlcal Society.
Many Joined and It flourished to such an
extent that there are at present branches
o'f the organization all over the world.
Colonel Olcott will deliver several lec
tures before the Theosophlcal Society of
this city at Odd Fellows' Hall. He wlil
then Journey around the world on a lec
turing tour .
XOTE-In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
nand column and the successive tides of the
aIZ '.I "It.^rf of °? cu "-"-nco a. to time of
i y lt. m th!rcl tlme colum n Klves the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. . The heights rlv«n
we in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
mlnu. si™ f-) precede-, the' height* and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
riven by tha charts. Th« plane of referent
U the mean of the lower low waters •
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SYDNET-Salled Feb 25-Stmr lllowera. for
Brisbane. Honolulu and Vancouver.
GLASGOW— Arrived Feb 23-Stmr Astoria,
for New York.
ALEXANDRIA— Arrived Feb 25— Stmr Au
guste Victoria, on cruise.
GIBRALTAR-Salled Feb 25-Stmr Hohenzol
lern. from Genoa and Naples, fcr New York.
T*SP? I £~ Ar . rlV t' 1 vri °E to Feb 2*—Br ship Sir
Robert Fernle, hence Sept 6.
IQtJIQUE— In port Feb 8— Br ship Belfast,
for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Jan lJ-Ger bark
Tltanla. for Pan Francisco.
HONGKONG— In port Feb 1&-Br bark Mo
zambique, for Oregon.
COQUIMBO-Salled Jan 2S— Nor bark rrince
Arthur, for Vancouver.
LIVERPOOL— In port Jan 25— Br ship Red
Rock, for Vancouver.
Etmr Grace Dollar, Fosen. Grays Harbor.
Etmr Rainier. Hansen. Seattle.
Br stmr Heathcralg-, Mailer, St Vincent.
Bark Rirflerick Dhu. Johnson, HUo.
Fr echr Maurice. Grelot, Marquesas Island.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Bchr Aloha, . at Honolulu Feb 13, from San
Francisco, during: voyage blew away several
calls In heavy weather, and 1C6 hogs dkd on
voyage,
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 25. » p m— Weather
hazy; win! NW, velocity 9 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HOXOL.rL.U- Arrived Feb 16— Ship Cha« B
Moody, from Tacoma. Feb IT — Bark C D Bry
ant, hence Jan 27; bark Haydn Brown, from
Newcastle, Aus; bark Carrollton. from Ta
coma; schr Chas E Falk, from Grays Harbor.
Feb 14— Schr Reporter, from Grays Harbor.
Feb 15— Br Etmr Doric, hence Feb 8; bktn
1'lanter. hence Jan 31.
Sailed Feb 15— Ger ship Roland, for Puget
Sound; brig W G Irwln, for San Francisco.
Feb 16-Br Etmr Doric, for China. Feb 17—
.Stmr Santa Ana, for San Fr&nclico, via Ka»
hulul: stmr Indiana, for San Francisco. Feb
16— Bark Mohican, for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 14— Schr Eureka, from Eureka.
Br Etmr Ootsack, hence Feb 5. Feb 15— rstmr
Santa Ana, from Seattle; bktn W H Lnmond.
hence Jan 25.
Sailed Feb 14— Schr Wm Olsen. for Pueet
KAHULUI— rteady for eea Feb 11— Schr II C
Wriicht. for San Francisco.
HILO— Sailed Feb 11-Bark Amy Turner, for
San Francisco. Feb 14— Stmr Callfornlan, for
New York.
L.AHAINA— Arri\-ed Feb 2— Schr Churchill,
from Newcastle, Aus.
• PORT TOWXSEND— Sailed Feb 20— Br ship
Dur.staffnage. for Hull.
Passed in Feb 25— Br bark Zlnlta, from Aca
puleo; Br stmr Tartar, from Hiogo: 8C hr Sal
vator. from San Pedro; echr F S Redfleld.
-from San Pedro; echr Wm Renton, from Re
dondo.
HalK-d out Feb 23— Chip Kennebec, for Syd
ney.
UMPQUA- Arrived Feb 22— Schr Beulah. from
Han Pedro. -
Sailed Feb 22— Schr IJly, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Feb 24— Schr Aza
lea, from San Pedro. Feb 2^-Stmr Rival,
hence Feb i2.
BAXDOX. Or— Arrived Feb 24— Strar Manda
lav hence F*b i2.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 25— SUnr W H Kru
t*r. her.ee Feb 23.
Arrived Feb 25-Schr Laara Pike. frDm La
Pa*.
Failed Feb 25— Stmr Newsboy, for San Fr.in-
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 54— Stmr Humboldt.
hence Feb 21; «mr Willamette, hence Feb 21.
Sailed Feb 24-Stmr Centennial, for Hono
lulu: stmr Cottage City, for SItka.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 25— Schr Corona,
from Everett; stmr Santa Barbara, hence Feb
23: schr Alcalde, from Port Blnkeley.
hAX DIEGO— Arrived Ffb 25— Stmr Weetport,
hence Feb IS.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Feb 25— Schr Ida
Schnau<r. hence F»b 9.
FOREIGN' PORTS.
MA ZATL.AN— Sailed Feb 24— Etmr Curacao,
for Han Francisco.
N.ANAIMO- Arrived Feb 25-Br Btmr Milton,
from t?an r>l*so.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Feb 7— Ger ship Xlob<».
for Oregon. Feb 22 — Br ctmr Empress of In
dia, tor Vancouver.
Hailed Feb 14— Br Btmr Kvarven, for San
Francisco.
SHANGHAI-Cleared Jan 25— Br bark Collln
gTOve. for Port Blakeley.
. MELBOURNE- Arrived Feb 23— Schr Golden
Shore, from Port Hadlock.
SYDNEY— Arrived Feb 25— Bark Coryphene,
from Port Hadlock. i ¦ .
MORORAJC— Arrived orlor to F>sb £3— Br Btmr
Caithness, from Tacoma,
TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 26,
MONTANA BANK STOCK
CASE FINALLY DECIDED
Decree of the Circuit Court Confirmed
and Counsel Vindicated on
the Charges.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals handed down a decision yesterday
affirming the Judgment of the United
States Circuit Court of Montana in the
case of Harriet S. Holton, executrix of
Harriet Wood, deceased, vs. Andrew J.
Davis Jr. and the First National Bank
of Butte, Montana, and others. The suit
was brought to recover possession of 950
shares of stock of the bank, valued In the
neighborhood of $2,000,000.
In rendering the decision the Court of
Appeals said that the wholesale charges
of dishonesty and conduct unbecoming at
torneys in accepting fees on both fides
were hardly worthy of any reply.
Forbls & Forbis. Dixon & Klrkpatrick.
of counsel for Andrew J. Davis Jr., were
charged virtually with unprofessional con
duct and accused of accepting fees both
from John A. Davis and Andrew Davis.
"The agreement made by counsel and
an additional agreement signed "John A
Davis,* " said the court, "of themselves
acquit these counsel from any blame,
wrongdoing or Improper conduct in the
premises. The charges against Toole,
Claybcrg & McConnell, of counsel for the
estate, are really unfounded and have no
support from any evidence contained in
this voluminous record."
* . *
corner was left unsearched for something
to shoot. Small shot kept flying close to
Derby. Unger and Bushnell. Finally when
Bushnell's hat had been fhot off and his
pocket flask had been broken by a charge
of No. 9, he said he guessed he had Cole
man skinned to death and called his men
off.
The fight came when the score was
made up. Bushnell's side had seventy
mudhen heads and they were ruled out
with the statement that the whole bird
should have been brought in. Some al
leged frogs he had were declared to be
toads. One of Coleman's snakes was
thrown out on the ground that It had
been dead too long. He was also denied
scoring on Bushnell's wounds because
that gentleman was still alive.
No decision was reached and the fight
was transferred to this city. Each of the
captains is running hourly to Hosmer
with new claims and new points, but up
to date it looks as if Bushnell was a loser.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United Btatei Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Hith ana Low
v\aters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE-The high ond low waters occur at the
£lty front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
h7 k !° lD f ut ,M J»t« than at Kort Point; tha
height of tide Is the same at both places.
Three Shipwrecked Sealers.
••: .'C. Clawson, A. Babadc and Tony Jas>
per, hunters from the sealing: schooner
Florence M. Smith, reached. the. city yea-
Wday. They, were out hunting when the
Jog came <lo"WTj and they lost. their schoon
er. This was early on Saturday morning
mrtd tljrj- wtpf ntn«tjr -mfles from - land.
After twenty-four hours' hard work at
the oars they made Point Arena, and then
came to San Francisco. They expect their
,boat to r^t into Monterey for water and
will Join her there. The schooner Aretls
Is now at Monterey, and the two Indians
who were lost from her a couple of weeks
£20 and reached Santa Cruz after being
nearly drowned at Point New Year start
f-6 south vestcrday to rejoin her. All the
Ftranded hunters are cared for by Donald
Ross and forwarded to their vessels.
Water Front Notes.
The British ship Merlonette arrived
from Swansea yesterday after a passage
cf 121 days. She had light winds and
calms nearly all the way. On the 20th
lr.st. she passed a ship's boat painted
black outside and white Inside. It was
'Soctlng- down to the water's edge.
The revenue cutter Hugh MeCulloch re
turned from her cruise In search of the
Otto Gildermelster yesterday. She cruised
AW jr.lles and then met the schooner Leti
tia. and Captain Coulson Was Informed
that the disabled ship was safe at San
Diego. • : •...¦•.-.
Captain 'Jameson has been appointed
master of the' steam'schooner Santa Bar
bara. Alee Captain Zaddart. who broke
J:is leg on the last trip. :
Captain Olsen has been appointed mas
terof the schooner Rio Rey. ¦
ITITWS OF THE OCEA2T.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The A13en Iies-« and the Archer will load
laerchaufilw Cor Honolulu;, the Bninshausen,
*-h«?at at Portland for Europe. SOe; the J. D.
TcJlart. lumber at Xw Whatciim for Guaya
quil. ~(m. fi-lor to arrival; th» Professor "Koch,
wheat at Portland for Europe; »ls 3d.
Merchandise for British "Columbia
The steamer State of Calif ©rnia called yes
terday for Victoria witu a ireneril .carro valued
*t JS09S, lnrludlnj .the . fcllowlns: 44,210 lt>8
ma.lt. 3 cb fcnrflTvar", .3 rkgs .leather. 47?2 R>«
trutter, 300 cocoanuts, 32- .«¦¦ patent ; medicines,
2S cf. canned rood*. iO. bales pry fwli. 65 bxs
MI4 rr>s dried fruit. ¦ l«0 lbs' mlH-turt*. 11 cs
arms ard ammunition, l€!4 lbs tobacco, 202 gals
wine, 100 brs raisin*. £$C lbs- ¦ hopt, 10 bbls
flour. £2 cs paite, 26 pkg* groceries and pro
visions, 703 jpkjrs vegetables, 295 lt>s coffee, 454
bxs. oransez. 133 bxs Wmane. 23 ca eggs,' Si
bers 2 bdl« steel, 6 cs epontea." .' • •'¦
Wheat Shipments.
Th» Erltlah ehlp Invermark cleared yester
«ey for Queenatown for orders with 51,678 ctla
valued at $06,900 asd 20,000 ft lumber
as dunr.ar* valued at tSOO. .
The Erltl*h steamer Ileathcral? cleared yei
terday for Ft. Vincent for orders with lK.TCS
ctla MbuS valued at 1134/000 and 34,000 ft lum
ber 4-t dunnase valued at 1500.' ¦ ¦
Shipping Iatellig-ence.
CLEAnKD.
."¦ ... .- ARRIVED. . ; . .
¦'-.,¦¦. . Monday. February 25.
¦~S mi L. ""*• ICc * >asil «' r . *> *><*>** from Xew
p^rt, etc. ..¦;¦
Btmr Pe!f!cr.£ She*. i»4 hour, from Eureka,
pfdro' "** DoUllr - rc '* ?n - ¦" b6vn from Saa
li ? n?;i ff G:W ' ** la£a ' I*-' b©ur, -from '.Mow
BUW San Pedro. Jahr.sea. 24 hoars from Ea-
U S etir.r Hugh MeCulloch. Cou'.sen 'ram n
crulee In search of Ger ship Otto Gllde-nelPtVr
lir itmr Cootie. RInder. 27 day. 13 h^u4 [j
r-,ii.ut ? from Honrtcnr, via Yokohama 16
<Jays 15 hours 42 minute*, via Honolulu 6 davi
37: hour* 15 minutes. . ¦ *
Ncr £tir.r Tltar.'.a. Eeerx*. 4 <Say« from Na
r.ftttr.fi.
lir ship Merioneth. Itowlands. 131 <iay« 'rom
Hark KaJulanl, rabel; IS <3ey« Jrom Hono
lulu.
Harare Washoural,' Harrimnn. E day« from
A*tor:a. In tow of. tug tatason.
Monday. February rs.
Etrr.r Btate of California. Jepsen, i Victoria-
Gocdall, • Perkins & Co. ..•-:,
Etirr Czarina. S»am»n, F*>«ttf»; E T Kru«c
Slmr llainler. llanven, Seattle: Pollard &
r>-.<is«-.- . ••
pTtr.r Monita, Xopari'Ser. fc'an Tedro; Goolall
Pfrkrn? £.- Co. • . •
Er.ctir.r Mrlrtol,. Mclntyre, Chraalnus; R
lJ - jnF>nu'.r'i> Sons 'Co.
Br *nrr Heathcral^. Mailer, St Vincent; Glr
vWi &. K;-rt. : .
Br *!i'.]» *Varfarer, Turmaa, Queeaetown;
rrjrfrcer & Co.
Jiark Ka:e r/avcRCcrt. Ro»endall. Astoria;
G*-o E I'lurnmer. • . » '.'¦¦,
Br bark Inverrnark, Bolderstofl. Queenstovra;
Clrvln & ilj-re.
SAILED* . : • • i\
'.•¦ ¦'-" Monday. February 25.
Ftmr State of California, Jepsea, Victoria,
*te.
Etrr.r Eureka, Jeseen.- Eureka.
STOCKS FOR GRAPES
AS LARGE AS PLUMS
Secretary Filcher Receives Them and
Cutting^ of Phenomenal French
Raspberry Bushes.
Secretary Filcher of the State Board
of Trade yesterday received from Paris
stocks of raspberry bushes and grape
vines which will, he hopes, give to Cali
fornia the glory of producing greater
grapes and raspberries than have ever
yet grown on Its favored soil. The cut
tings 'came in good condition from
France, with perhaps tne exception of
one raspberry snoot. They were all hand
ed over to K. S." Maslln, who has a State
reputation for expert skill 1n making any
thing take root that will grow. Last
night Mr. Maslln took the cuttings to
Alameda and planted them, and the first
step toward stocking California with
these varieties was thus taken.
The grapes are known in France as the
Pare de Versailles. The berries are as
large as small plums, as Mr. Filcher de
scribes them. The grape and raspberry
cuttings were all sent by J. M. Bulssori,
who Is the secretary of the French asso
ciation for producing fruit by the forcing
process, under glass. Mr. Filcher made
his acquaintance in France and secured a
promise that he would assist in making
desired experiments in California. The
raspberries are as superior to the ordin
ary raspberries Jn size and appearance as
the forced grapes are superior to the
open air varieties. The place where these
fruits were seen by Mr. Filcher to be
thriving was on the 50,000-acre tract of
Baron Rothschild, on which is the town
of Fehrerer.
FAR northward and headed toward
the aurora borealls, their wings
pushing wind with every bit of
energy possessed by them, are
about all the ducks and geese,
snipe and other fowl capable of rapid
flight that up to a late hour Saturday
night occupied feeding space on the Sul
sun marshes. The frantic birds are only
Intent on one thing— getting to any region,
even though it be wrapped in ice, where
man Is not. They are spurred on by the
remembrance of a nightmare resembling
a belated Fourth of July celebration that
caused them to drop their celery roots
and sardines and quit their happy home.
Out on the marshes now are but a few
crippled' mudhens that are Just beginning
to crawl into the open again and wonder
whether the powder works really blew up
or If it was only a rumor. Here in San
Francisco Fred H. Bushnell and John B.
Coleman, members of the Field and Tule
Club, which has its preserve at Cordelia,
are striving each to show that the other
Is the one who should pay for a dinner for
twenty-three members and guests of the
club, which is to take place at a French
rotlsserle next Saturday night.
. These troubles on the part of birds and
men are the result of some Saturday
night and Sunday happenings that form
the wildest and weirdest chapter In the
history of the Sutsun marshes, or on the
logbook of the Field and Tule Club.
Last week it was decided to have a big
day's sport at the preserve on Sunday
by forming two teams to hunt against
each other. The teams were made up,
with Fred Bushnell and John B. Coleman,
captains, as follows:
" Bushaells — A. F. Hopke. Thomas Hasklns,
H. 1*. Miller, J. Homer Frltch. N. Gray, An
drew Jackson, J. J. Winner, Frank V. Bell,
L. Titus and W. T. Hobson.
Colemans— Georgre Jackson. A. M. Shields,
Edwin Cramer. John S. Lawscn, W. Bay,
George Belbe6helmer. M. E. Unger, Dr. Derby,
L. W. Harpham and Charley Hall.
Harry Hosmer, J. J. Wlrtner and J. B.
Coleman went up Saturday to prepare for
the big hunt and Bushnell and the others
went up on the night train with great ex-
pectations as to the birds they would
slaughter.
When the train bearing the sportsmen
reached the station Saturday night
Charley Hall, as prearranged, fired four
shots to notify the three men at the pre
serve. Five minutes afterward the
heavens were filled with the feathery fire
sprays of motor bombs, spluttering rock
ets, Roman candles and red fire. Fire
crackers In bunches and barrels, and
bombs big enough to tear a hole In a
Spanish cruiser were set off. It seemed
on the marshes that night as if China
New Year were working overtime.
Among the tules there was a squawking
and screeching that almost vied with the
noise at the clubhouse, and with a great
whirring and flapping the feathered crea
tures began cutting through • space in
bands and bunches, hoping they couffl
reach Alaska or Siberia before {he sky
fell in.
Only the mudhens remained. They did
not count themselves worth escaping.
When Bushnell and the others arrived
he said he did not 6ee much use In hunt
ing after the spectacular reception that
had been handed out. Hosmer reminded
him that the contest ¦was for a dinner and
that Bushnell would have to buy It If he
refused to play.
"The captain of the losing team has to
settle for the dinner," said Hosmer, and
Bushnell and Coleman opened their eyes.
"I have prepared a list of. points; here
it is," and he read the following:
Teal, widgeon, sprig, canvasbacks, mallards
EngH»h snipe, spoonbills, geese and coots 1;
bitterns, 2; larks, owls and M. E. Unger 5
hawks, shags, diver and terrapin, 10; Bh'ell
drakes and Derby, 15; snakes, rats, mudhens
and Harry Miller, 25: coons (any old color) and
frogs, 50; swans, pelicans and minx, 10O: Fred
Bushnell, 160.
"There Is the list, gentlemen, and I
will not read again. For everything not
on the list brought in 300 points will be
taken off.
Hosmer had spoken and none made pro-
That hunt when Sunday broke into the
time schedule was one of the hardest
6^ u ? u £ ver Performed by members of the
club. There were | only mudhens and
E^Pl.f"? 1168 and tro * s left « and they were
all filled with fright. The mudhens flew
as high as geese and the frogs could leap
across a lagoon. There was scarcely a
let-up in the fusillade of firearms and no
Field and Tule Club Enjoy Function Like China New
Year and Team Contest of New Design.
The dependence of local merchants upon
Asiatic Importations of rice will soon
cease If the anticipations of the capital
ists of this city, who have Invested hun
dreds of thousands of dollars in building
and stocking the huge Hinz Rico Milling
Company at Beaumont, Jefferson County.
Texas, are realized. Not only will Califor
nia, which, in conseqeunce of the large
foreign contingent among i its population.
Is the greatest consumer In the United
States, be entirely independent of every
rice producing country in the world, but
will also be enabled to produce rice
cheaper even than the cheapest coolie la
bor can raise it anywhere. It is confi
dently stated that with the California ma
chinery. Invented and manufactured in
San Francisco, better rice at less cost con
be raised In the wide and fertile fields of
Louisiana and Texas than anywhere else
upon the face of the earth.
For six months Mr. Hinz, the well
known miller, has been engaged In the
erection of an immense rice mill at Beau
mont, the machinery of which was built
In this city. The capacity of the mill Is
1200 barrels of clean rice per day. The
machinery Includes engines and shafting,
hullers, separators, scourers, pollshtrs
and packers, doing the work of a thou
sand coolies and producing from, the
husk a much larger percentage of "whole"
rice than can possibly be realized by the
hand work of the most skillful laborer.
Mr. llinz returned from Beaumont lat-t
night and reported the mill In complete
operation and the pronoects for the com
ing 1 year all that could be desired." The
following linns are represented In the di
rectorate of the company: M. J. Bran
densteln Company* Stockton Milling Com
pany; Parrott & Co.: Sussman, Wormser
& Co.; M. Haas & Bros.; Tlllmann & Bon
del Company and Hlntz & Plagemann.
The rice fields of Louisiana and Texaa
He near the boundaries of the two States
and 3,000,000 acres are embraced In their
area. The fields are almost level and are
flooded by intersecting streams by an
elaborate system of ;irlgatlon. The aver
age yield Is about two tons of clean rice
per acre and the yield. If the whole acre
age was planted, would be about 2.500,000.
0i)0 pounds, or four times the entire con
sumption of the United States.
Harvesting of rice is very similar to
that of wheat. The husk is threshed from
the stalk and carried ti» the mill and there
prepared for market. Beaumont, wher?
the latest field of the far-reachinj? enter
prise of San Francisco merchants Is lo
cated, is near the scene of that Kroat oil
gusher which broke from the ground
about six weeks ago and has astonished
the world by Its power and magnitude.
With Improved Machinery Built in
This City the Country Is Made
Independent of Cheap *
: ; ; Coolie Labor.
California Firms Branch
Out in Rice Fields
of Texas.
NEW FIELD FOR
LOCAL CAPITAL
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Coptic arrived from China,
Japan and Hawaiian ports yesterday. She
brought up a number of cabin passengers
and a large carpo of rice. silk, matting
ar.d tea. The cattfa passengers were:
Otto Arrenroth. J. A. Brafiy. E. H. Bur
rcus, W. M. Caft>. Mr». W. M. Castle. Cap
tain J. G. Greer.e. V. 6. N.. Lieutenant G. J.
V. Gelcer Mr*. Ofievr. C. H. Hubert. T.
IlTlkoshl " Hani! Jotn. Ml«» M.. E. Kelly.
FeViteE.-.t 'Majrr P. H. Konarxelviky, E. D.
KanbtJl I- MlSwocd. Miss M. E. Miller.
Co'T.tl M 5. Olcott. R. H. Perdval. Miss
jr_ "i^. PettVm^yer. J. Emlth. Sirs. J. Smith
er.d ¦¦* j ch...irea. Un. O. A. Williams and
chiia. '
B-sides tl.ese ehe brought up eIx Euro
pear, ar.d seven Chinese In the 6econd
rsblr: and two Koreans and Japanese and
ptxty-n'.ne Chinese In the steerage.
' Among those who came up on the Cop
tic were Colonel H. S. Olcott, head of the
Indian branch of the Theosophlcal So
ciety. He came as far as Honolulu on the
Rio <5e Janeiro and remained over to de
liver a course cf lectures.- Mr. and Mrs.
W. M. Castle of Honolulu were also r a ?"
rengers. The Pacific Mall Company's
agent' at Manila came as far as
Honolulu on the Rio de Janeiro and re
mained over Tor the Coptic. J. A. Brady,
who built the eteel frame of the Mikado's
palace at Toklo, was also a passenger.
The Chinese passengers on the Coptic
were not sent 'to quarantine. According
to . an arrangement with the British
authorities all the Mongolians are exam
ined at Hongkong and given a certificate.
If on arriving here they are in good
health they are at once eer.t to the Mall
dock.
The Coptic brinp? the particulars cf the
accident to the Northern Pacific steam
chip Goodwin. The Goodwin sailed from
Yokohama on January U for Tacoma. On
February 3 she was caught 19 a terrific
northeast storm and was baflly damaged.
The steering gear broke, part of the rud
der carried away ar.d the cargo was dam
cged. The vessel was being discharged
and got ready to go on the drydock when,
the Coptic sailed.
SOUTH PORTLAND'S TROUBLES.
Steamer's Bow Is Still Burled Ten
Feet in the Mud.
'All efforts to raise the unfortunate
F.tccrher.-So-Jth. Portland seem to be futile.
•VVfcisn her cargo of lime caught flre It was
eaf y er.ot^h to scuttle the ship and slack
the iinrti'.^ut"*rhen It came to raising her
ajrain rU kinds of difficulties presented
.themselves. A caisson was built around
-the'. hatch and an attempt made to pump
her cut, but the decks gave way and that
scheme -had to be abandoned. Now the
Intention'", is to harness eix tugs to the
eur.ken vefsel, whose bow Is buried In ten
f eet. i>l ; mud. and tow her into shallow
water. For three day* preparations have
teen under way for the attempt and yes-r
terday ; afternoon it was to. have been
¦.made.. -Another mishap delayed ' the at
tctnpt," however, and now it is positively
:*ch«duled lor to-day. 1
Receive Certificates, if in Good
Health at Hongkong, That En
title Them to Go Asliore
on Arrival.
Coptic'3 Oriental'Passengers
Land Under a New
Arrangement.
CHINESE ESCAPE
THEE QUARANTINE
SEEK IN VAIN FOR DUCKS
THAT PASS IN THE NIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 2(5, lSblS
5
Steamer.
From.
| Due.
Mattcwan Tacoma Feb. 26
Walla Walla... Pugtt Sound Ports .... Feb. 2J
Progress Tacoma ..-. Feb. 2«
Hyadee Oyster Harbor Feb. 27
Leelanaw Seattle Feb. 27
Corona Newport Feb. 27
Coronado San Pedro Feb. 2S
Point Arena.... Point Arena Feb. 28
Santa Rosa..... San Difgo Feb. 2?
Burcka Humboldt fFeb. 28
Nome City San Pedro Feb. 28
St. Paul Panama Mar. 1
Colombia....... Valparaiso v. Panama Mar. 1
Mandalay Coqullle River |Mar. 1
Columbia Portland St Astoria.. ..|Mar. I
Santa Barbara. San Pedro Mar. 1
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. 2
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 2
Fulton Grays Harbor Mar. 3
Crescent City.. Crescent City ' I Mar. 3
Peru. : l'anr.ma & Way Ports Mar. 3
Umatllja Puget Sound Portu Mar. 3
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Mar. 3
Willamette Seattle Mar. 3
Acme Tlllamook Bay Mar. 3
Queen Pan Diego •. Mar. 3
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 4
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
FVhrnnry 2G. : , ¦
Ar«ro Coqutlle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Newbu'B drays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 12 m Pier 8
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay ........... 3 pm Pier 13
"°nita Newport 9 am Pier 11
February 2T. • j
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Arcau Coos Hay 12 m Pier 13
Quern San Diego 9 am Pier 11
North Fork.. | Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
G. \V. Elder.. Astoria .& Portland 11 am Pier 24
n>t»rm»rjr 28. ¦
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Colon Panama &. Way Pt 12 m PMSS
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
March 1. '
Santa Barbar Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Corona.. ......"Newport 9 am Pier 11
Totmes HamburR & Wy Pt Pier 10
XotnoCity... Humboldt 10 am Pier —
9Iarch 2. •
Potnt Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka. Humboldt. '.....'• 12 m Pier 13
Walla Walla. Pu&et Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
March 3. . , V
San U Rosa... Ean Diego ......:;. 9 am Pier 11
j March 4.
Columbia 'Astoria & Portland]!! am Pier 9
Bun rises ' TTZ
Sun sets !:JX
Moon get8 "!'"^:il43'a; m.
D Ttme Tim* Tlmel Tlme|
£ * t. Ft. I Ft. Ft
» i!JI__^JI " W L Av
2« ... 5:01 6.7 12:20 0.1 7 21 ~4~i ll-s^~To
27... «:10 5.7 1:25 0.0 S:M 4i
l. w • h w l w ' ii'w
M ... 1:10 2.9 7:21 5.7 2:22 0 1 »•« 4 T
i - 5:JS F J : H 5 - 7 »:»-«.t io^cs to
2 ... 3:10 2.4 9:20 5.7 3:52 0.0 10-43 3 I
3 ... 3:57 2.2 10:11 6.6 4:31 0 * 11-21 5 3
4 ... 4:10 l.g 11:00 5.4 5:05 oii ll : 53 54
Bun rises ' TTZ
Sun sets !:JX
Moon get8 "!'"^:il43'a; m.
D Ttme Tim* Tlmel Tlme|
£ * t. Ft. I Ft. Ft
» i!JI__^JI " W L Av
2« ... 5:01 6.7 12:20 0.1 7 21 ~4~i ll-s^~To
27... «:10 5.7 1:25 0.0 S:M 4i
l. w • h w l w ' ii'w
M ... 1:10 2.9 7:21 5.7 2:22 0 1 »•« 4 T
i - 5:JS F J : H 5 - 7 »:»-«.t io^cs to
2 ... 3:10 2.4 9:20 5.7 3:52 0.0 10-43 3 I
3 ... 3:57 2.2 10:11 6.6 4:31 0 * 11-21 5 3
4 ... 4:10 l.g 11:00 5.4 5:05 oii ll : 53 54
Steamer.
From.
| Due.
Mattcwan Tacoma Feb. 26
Walla Walla... Pugtt Sound Ports .... Feb. 2J
Progress Tacoma ..-. Feb. 2«
Hyadee Oyster Harbor Feb. 27
Leelanaw Seattle Feb. 27
Corona Newport Feb. 27
Coronado San Pedro Feb. 2S
Point Arena.... Point Arena Feb. 28
Santa Rosa..... San Difgo Feb. 2?
Burcka Humboldt fFeb. 28
Nome City San Pedro Feb. 28
St. Paul Panama Mar. 1
Colombia....... Valparaiso v. Panama Mar. 1
Mandalay Coqullle River |Mar. 1
Columbia Portland St Astoria.. ..|Mar. I
Santa Barbara. San Pedro Mar. 1
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar. 2
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 2
Fulton Grays Harbor Mar. 3
Crescent City.. Crescent City ' I Mar. 3
Peru. : l'anr.ma & Way Ports Mar. 3
Umatllja Puget Sound Portu Mar. 3
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Mar. 3
Willamette Seattle Mar. 3
Acme Tlllamook Bay Mar. 3
Queen Pan Diego •. Mar. 3
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 4
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
FVhrnnry 2G. : , ¦
Ar«ro Coqutlle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Newbu'B drays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 12 m Pier 8
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay ........... 3 pm Pier 13
"°nita Newport 9 am Pier 11
February 2T. • j
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Arcau Coos Hay 12 m Pier 13
Quern San Diego 9 am Pier 11
North Fork.. | Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
G. \V. Elder.. Astoria .& Portland 11 am Pier 24
n>t»rm»rjr 28. ¦
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Colon Panama &. Way Pt 12 m PMSS
Coronado Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier 2
March 1. '
Santa Barbar Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Corona.. ......"Newport 9 am Pier 11
Totmes HamburR & Wy Pt Pier 10
XotnoCity... Humboldt 10 am Pier —
9Iarch 2. •
Potnt Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka. Humboldt. '.....'• 12 m Pier 13
Walla Walla. Pu&et Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
March 3. . , V
San U Rosa... Ean Diego ......:;. 9 am Pier 11
j March 4.
Columbia 'Astoria & Portland]!! am Pier 9
one pimro
/ MCBURNEY'S
5v^^ k r iHnpvC nd Bladder
jv 4 (pW wunev- CURE
"C^ '/ir a thorough euro for
- k\ . J pains In tbe back,
'I '• * 1L DDIMIT'C niCQiCD
X» , jr\ uKiuiII 3 U19CA9C*
24 r /^ female troubles, incoo*
tinence of nrlne. brick dnst deposits bed*
wetting of children, eravel, gall o tones,
dropsy. dlaLfttcs. nnd rucnmatisin.
• . • • * FOR SALE AT
THE OWL DRUG CO.. HIS Market St..
: " : AND AT
DAIILBEXDER DRUG CO.. Tli Kearny »t.
Send 25c In 2c stamps to \V. F. MeBarney.
418 S. Spring St.. Los Anfceles, Cal., for 5
day's treatment. Prepaid $1 50. Druicsist-,.
, jft'B» CANDY CATHARTIC^ «*
Genuine stamped C C C Never sold In bulk.
'"¦ .Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "just as good.
: . OR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. ' GL.EET3,
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of lha
Organs of Generation.
• Price- II a bottln. For sals by druggists. '
PUFF nOUII Corner Fourth and
I AH* NllVAl Market. S. F. Try
llrAri rill I HI cur q P pclal Brew
Uni L llUinU Steam and Laser.
- • 5«. Overcoats and
valises checked Iree .
ADVEB.TISEJIENTS.
Shht A b B SI Bet* S suh fS & ' A k M I JS i § K * J BBt
» ~ T^^JTV%rf^£y <dN"*" t^TVh ~'tp'r' m *^ 1 t- _ I ' tf^il I | Y » iriK MupHH^^33s9
3fhfc^J^£^j5srt3PP^BWfc*^^^Bjww.^^!^*^<^ | fj^y j ff^fSf^^^^SsMva RLTjMlWCf^^*^?! Sf^cStSBSOmB w j
Woman's greatest gift is the power to inspire admiration,
respect, and love. There is a beauty in health which is more
attractive to men than mere regularity of features.
The snap and spirit which health gives to the eye, the
movement, and the speech are full of magnetism.
Sickly women can't understand this.
They only know that they are miserable, and their efforts
to be attractive are languid and weak.
Woman's influence in the world is limited by her strength,
and the strength of health is real strength.
It brings with it beauty and grace and loveliness of dis-
position.
To bo a successful wife, to retain the love and admiration
of her husband, should be a woman's constant study. If she
would be all she may, she must guard well against the signs
of ill health.
Regular and painless menstruation is absolutely necessary.
Tho help which Lydia E. Pinkhum's Vegetable
Compound gives to women who are attacked by any dis-
order of the feminine organism is real, permanent help. It
cures all weaknesses of the organs and makes it possible for
women. to retain their health and beauty to mature years.
Mrs. Bazley Tells of Relief from Suffering.;
II ' *«*«5S5e3»^ ' |f "Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — It pives me great
:s C !: fcv pleasure and, at the same time. I feel it a duty to
S ttli^^^jPsww^ I send -* ou this tc * timoaial in regard to your Vege-
! 1 1 tableCompound. It has worked wonders with me.
a^j^^^S^^^^W I was a great sufferer with ulccration of the womb,
I 7*S?k *&&&&$¦& had such backache and bcarinjr-doivn pains that it
j SO required a great elYort to do a small amount. of_ my
I S^ j^/tS^* 1 h° uschol( l duties. Since taking Lydia E. Pink-
I L -^X^^P^ ham's Vegetable Compound, I urn able to do all
I S *?"»**^$»Nv my own work and feel like a new woman. Your
\^'*$&&&mr%ht^. \ Sanative Wash also is something 1 I could not afford
V&uSklESrLl^fjffiffi to k* 5 wit h° ut - I cannot say enough in behalf of
&3nf3$ffiJ!^jrf'fib$k.\ vour remedies. I heartily recomtac-nil them to all
K^W^-fKAt J J t Iffi suffering women."— MRS.' F. C. BAZLEY, 724 4tli
| MRS, r. c. BAZ LE vl Ave., Detroit, Mich.
\ •
V; gf^ l3H offi EjE !r2 B" wlf Cl Si 1 9 people hav from time to time questioned
J^ £_ EM H K j n n HI K— f g yS n I fcr t^eK^nuinenesict th« tfs:irnooial letters
%jj B"^h fi H H PK B w * aTe constantly publi&hinj;. we have '
I 1 P Q A S3 K deposited with the National City Kink, of Lynn, .M*ss., $5,000,
BSHQh IuQ- w h>ch will be paid to any person vho trill show :lut the above
i&Jb wLJF \b~ 1 Ajrj testimonial is not K- nu 'ne, or was publi^h-d before obtaining the
F 'CT W writer's tpecial permission.— I, ydia E. Pixkha:i Msorciss Co.
S Krai kH^^™"^^8Bk9^£
B lisa B >< * "TtjaSaBBiu t
K FB «ii 1 1 ;' BRJSTSfM
Ur ISSMi fy*m. I 1 mKh/t "
WISDOM WITHOUT EXPERIENCE
Can be acquired by those willing 1 to profit
by the experience of others. Our laundry
work and methods please thousands daily.
Why not be guided ay their experlenc*
and let us please you? Costs you nothing
for a trial— will please you immensely. Do-
mestic fln'sh for full-dress shirts If yon
order it. No saw edees.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market S treat
Telephone— South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Av»i
dR. HALL'S fiEIN YlGOfiATOSSniS
Flv« hundred rewanl tor any fe^H t£SS
csfftf we C4nnoi cur*- Xhls s^cr*t ¦¦¦yi
remedy stops all losses In Z^ hours, E _J5
cures EmlsJion?. Impotency, V'arl- 9Sf9 WHS
rocele. Gonorrhoea. Gl?et. Fits, HJrJ JWW
Strictures. I^s: Manhood and all Uyj yXJ
wa'tlnit rfffrts of .»ilf-abu*e or LfflfflB
excesses. t?<-nt sealed. %2 bottle; 3 BfoMHSa
bottle*. $3; guaranteed to cure any cms«. A<1-
drew HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. K»
Hroadway. Oakland, Cal. Also for tal* at 1073^
Market St.. S. F.< All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book..
¦ s
jt?j££rfv&*^^S>r<3 r*rn9<ij for Gonorrhoea,
J£3ffi^CVUTr*S{gl Glet-t, Sperm»t«»»rhoc»,
jKatyia l tai J«i«>a nnnatural dij-
Jsf5«?y Guaranteed TS chars' • or »r>T lnflammft-
Sr*">!| not v> itrtetv*. tion, i ritatiou or nicer*-
r»—^jPrt»»au eoaupon. tion f mnroiii D)?ra«
KalTKsEvAssCHtM'cnCo. b f " M - >*on-»gtria?«nt.
BSAciNCmM^O.SSS Sold by DrasttoU,
n • « *Jaj"or K-nt In plain wrapper,
v£6j»g$grag«W^>ifl tl.on. or 3 bottlm, f2.79.
»^>M>^rS^ v . B 71. mlar »cnt oa req,iaA
SIO^feRUPTURE CURED
PxMfc&IISSijdLffo '°* > TEN DOLLARS,
«^id5^^555SF*fc+'-^l Thou»nil»haT«beenrare4
*"^5ffl*Si iTOriSic*''^ a 1 th ''' 1 °^ vn hom»< for thu
GiSt^JijS-* Lfss^Srij wnall price. . «;rrale»t In-
\K * T~ntioncf theA«e.
l! i**^^ ltramtromfort to the rni*.
' f^. '.^^[ tnrect. JCoworthle^***Wes
rpsJ^PJgat f?g% - J^ea O r lotion* to rnhon. Itdcf*
"\ nG7^3^3?» the work. Inrentlpatel
"naakVtt*. \" (rtTteir full tr.fonr«tion mailed, tmmedi-
Weak Men and Women
SHOCLT> USE DAMIAN'A BITTERS. THB
great Mexican remedy; gives health and,
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
EVERY WOMAN
¦^-^. is interested and should know
-*£|P*^i^W about the wonderful
,^«\ MARVEL VBHSg
$tf'ASs£ ¦WAN' 'Hi Injection and Suction.
Best-Safest-Most iron-
n vC't?,s325w venicnt. ItCleaose;
, > '^w^r77~~- % Instantly.
Aikyoar druggist for It. \ i>yp»— —^^C^~ :
If he r«nnot 'ffnilv the \Jf/^ST '""¦''.'¦' VO
3IAnii:l« acrrptno \. : fcl>frN—
ether, but send stinp fcr flln^- \>, Jr'-s- '\s
tnt-.iilW* — iioiiIim!. ItrlvMfijIl \V, If " /M
particular-, an-1 fiv ti<-r«« In^lu.ible *\ '¦ I /M
tni.rfj-- .M.lltVFI. *O.. »/•¦'¦' :%;,.,, Ig.
COS Mission st.. San Francisco. v>^i_J^The Commissioner of the Internal Revenue has de
cided that the sale of domestic liquors and wines
under foreign labels may be punished by a fine of
$500 and confiscation of the goods, so at last there~is
a prospect California wine will have the credit that
h due it and not be served for the glory of France.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Feb. 25.-G. Rose and
wife. Colonel H. C. King and daughter
and Thomas J. Clunie and wife are at tbe
Shoreham. All are from San Francisco. •
Late foreign reports show that prominent Ameri
can officials inChina are accused of the grave offense
of looting. They should congratulate themselves that
only by the convenient courtesy of words they are
not charged with their true offending— thievery.
The Seattle woman who is pleading that she was in
spifed^to,kill:her husband by reading of the melo
dramatic woes of a" heroine of a yellow-back novel
pught to be induced to consider that her ability to
read is a 'menace to', society.
A "gorilla girl? in a Newark museum, has sued
her manager for the return of a pet monkey. She
probably feels that she is morally responsible for the
wellbeing of at least htr immediate relatives.
The worthy patriots of Cuba, in constitutional con
vention assembled, have expressed their' desire that
the United States receive from them nothing— not
even # a naval station. It seems discouraging after giv
ing men their liberty to have to whip them to be
decent. ," , : ¦ < : K
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.-The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— S. "W*. Cowles Is at the Victo
ria, J. Q. Dlxon Is at the St. Cloud, L, B.
Feigenbaum is at .the* Holland. Mrs. Grate
pont is at the Marlborough. P. Huttman
is at the Grand Union. E. R. Manzey i&
at the Imperial, A. McDowell la at the
Rossmore and T. P. Thompson and: wife
are at the Vendome. .* ' ' ,'
line. It Is a fabulous realm of peace
plenty and Indolence. It has been writ
ten that a certain Mr. Dixie, of Manhat
tan'Island was a slave holder, who by
force of public opinion had to move awav
and he took his human chattels down
South. In their new abode the slaves
were forced to work unceasingly ami
often sished for their yld home in the
North, which lapse of time and distance
invested with a halo of paradisiac pleas
ures. Thus Dixie's land became to the
colored race of the South a species of
Utopia, similar to the Scottish land of the
Leal. In .time the ; Idea, of Dixie's land
associated itself with the South and a
great number" of. negro melodies were
written under that title. . The origin-il
-Dixie's Land" was written by General
Albert Pike. >The others were written on
Ideas suggested in his verses wruten on
knows and will kindly furnish It. This
correspondent also wants to know If
"Clubfoot," a California bear, was either
captured or killed and how much he
weighed.
DIXIE— M. Me V.. City.- Dixie i3 the
name applied to the territory of the
United States south of Mason and Dlxon'3
Perhaps some reader of this department
ville, Cal. The book called "Our Familiar
Songs" may be procured through any
first class bookseller, who will advise as
to price.
NECKTIE FACTORIES— Mrs. D., City.
You had better consult the classified part
of the city directory for the addresses of \
all the necktie factories in San Francisco.
This department does not advertise any
business or firms.
BEARS— J. M. B., Sonora. Cal. There
is no record of the weight of the largest
bear captured . or killed In California. •
FAMILIAR SONGS— A. O. S.. Mary;
application should be made to have him
admitted to the naval academy at West
Point. For information on that subject
communicate with the Congressman o*
the district in which the young man lives"
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NOT PREMIUM COINS— II. S. T,. Wy
andotte, Cal. . Not one of the coins namoil
in your letter of inquiry commands a pre
mium from dealers. Those who sell old
coins, however, charge a small advance
on such as you describe
FOREIGN POPULATION-Call Reader,
Angel Island, Cal. The population of Lon
don, census of 1S91. was 4,211,056. The
new census will be taken this year. Thai
of Paris, France, by the census of 1S!K*.
was 2,536,834, and that of Berlin, Germany,
census of 1900, 1,843,000.
< ¦ -.
COLDEST IN FEBRUARY— J. E. N.,
Antioch, Cal. There }s no point in the
United States where It is habitually cold
est in February. The degree of cold is
liable to change every year, but as a gen
eral thing the coldest weather is in the
mountains of Idaho and Montana.
THE POSTAL 'SERVICE— L., Valleclto,
Cal. If you have any complaint
against the postal service In this State
lodge the same with the United States
Postofffce Inspector, Appraiser's bonding.
San Francisco. The Postmaster General
is Charles Emory Smith, and his head
quarters Is In the Poatofflce Department
building, Washington, D. C.
GOVERNMENT LAND— Old Reader,
City. For such information as you desire
in ; i-elation to United States Government
land apply to any of the United States
land offices. .The officers in charge will tell
you all about the rules governing appli
cations. The land otiices in California
are. located at Eureka. Independence. Ivos
Angeles, Marysvllle, Kedding, Sacramen
to, San Francisco, Stockton, Susanvllle
and Visalla.
. THE NAVY— Y. M.. Oakland, Cal. If
you desire to place a young man, in the
United States navy vou should communi-
cate with : the authorities at Mare Island,
If it is the desire to: Dlace -him in -the -or
dinary service: but : if It Is the desire to
nlace him where he may be commissioned
PERSONAL MENTION.
S. M. Rohr, a land-owner of LodJ, Is at
the Grand.
W. R. Veale. a merchant of Petalnxna, U
at the Grand. " " ¦" -V • ;
R. * Harkinson, an oil man of Antioch,
is at the Grand.
John E. Marble, a Los Angeles banker.
Is at the Palace. " . .'¦
Dr. and Mrs. T. H. Strlce of Naya axa
at the California.
Percival R. Mllnes of Sacramento Is • a
guest at the Lick. - : '.
W. M. Spencer, an oil man of Selma, la
a guest at the Lick. • ' • ''.,'.
A. H. Berry, an oil man of Selma, is
registered at the Lick. _• :
H. A. Green, wife and family of-Mon
terey are at the Palace. , % :
Jesse D. Carr, an extensive land-owner
of Salinas, Is at the Occidental.
J. Martin Barney, a mining man of
Dutch Flat, is registered at the Palace. ' -
E. H. Vance,
a merchant of Eureka,
companled by his wife. Is a guest at the
Palace.
J. F. Thompson, edlto? and proprietor of
the Humboldt Standard of Eureka. 13 at
the Grand.
S. R. Porter, a mining man of Sutter
Creefc, Is at the Occidental accompanied
by hla wife, ." . ;
Hiclis Arnold, of the :flrm ¦ of Arnold.
Constable & Co. of New York, fa touring
the coast with hi3 wife. They. are stop
ping at the Palace. ' "-" • .'..•¦
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE ELECTION.
BEFORE the members of the Mechanics' Insti
tute there is now an opportunity to establish
a library "of the first rank and to lay. its founda
tions so deeply, broadly and firmly that for all time
to come it will stand as a monument to their sagacity
and public spirit. The election to be held to-day
affords them a means of taking advantage of that
opportunity. If progressive men be placed on the
board of trustees all will be well.- If men of hesitating
character or of narrow views be chosen the opportu
nity now so promising may be lost never to return.
The Call has no particular candidate or ticket of
candidates to support or to oppose. The members
of the association are all persons of intelligence and
are doubtless acquainted with the characters of the
various* candidates. They can determine for them
selves which candidates are most likely to build up
the library and which, if elected, would be inclined
to a policy of stagnation. All The Call has to say
concerning the issue is that every member of the
association should vote, and in making up his
ticket should bear in mind that San Francisco needs
a great library; that when such a library has been
established it will be liberally supported, and finally,
that the Mechanics' Institute is now in a position to
furnish that library.
The institute is in possession of large resources of
which adequate use has not yet been made. There
is need of a better, larger and more commanding
building, and with the wealth possessed by the insti
tution it would not be difficult for competent and
energetic trustees to provide a means for the speedy
construction of the desired edifice. Once erected, the
building in itself would be an attraction to the multi
tude. The increased convenience would result in- an
immediate increase of membership, and that in turn
would bring about a keener public interest in the
institution and its work, so that in a time compara
tively short the library would have entered upon a
new era in its history and become one of the notable
institutions of America.
In the history of every organization there comes a
time when the personal influence of the men in control
of its affairs becomes a matter of vast importance.
These periods occur whenever an old order of things
has reached its full development and there remains
the choice of stagnation or a new departure. The
men who founded the library and erected its present
building did a great and important work for the city
at that time. With the passage of the years, however,
there have been growth and progress in all directions.
The city is larger, its body of students and scholars
has increased, and the demands for library facilities
have augmented. The members of the association at
this time who desire to uphold and to follow the
example of the founders must,, like them, be pro
gressive. They must study the situation before them,
note with care the opportunity that is afforded for
performing a great work and then go ahead with
confidence and courage.
San Francisco expects much of the Mechanics' In
stitute. The whole community is concerned in the
election to-day. The opportunity for obtaining a
great library is most excellent. The public therefore
relies upon the members of the association to go to
the polls resolved to elect progressive men.
riage. Games and field sports of all kinds
are encouraged— boxing, football, racing,
rowing, etc. Tattooing is universal among
boys; not to be tattooed is a mark of
cowardice or weakness. Music, dancing,
artistic handicrafts ar.d the love of flow
ers are all greatly in vogue. In a native
house the two most conspicuous objects
are the cradle and a flower stand. These
give, indications of the national character.
The schools are numerous and excellent,
and as a result the Burmese are a well
educated people. It is extremely rare to
find a man who ennnot read and write. In
1S9S-9 a sum of £96.C£2 ($484,760) was spent
by the Government for educational pur
poses.
The Government is composed of a lieu
tenant governor, a legislative council "for
making laws and regulations," consisting
of nine members, four being 1 natives, and
a secretariat of five members. In Lower
Burma there is a chief court of Justice
with four judges, and in Upper Burma a
judicial commissioner.
Tranquil Under Good Government.
In ancient times the Burmese used to
say they had five enemies— fire, water,
robbers, rulers anrl ill-wishers. British-
Indian rule, however, secures life and
property and the fulfilling of contracts.
It has given new value to native enter
prise and thrift. The spirit of Independ
ence is greatly on the Increase; and this
is fostered by the fact that the Govern
ment is careful to preserve the native
official machinery.
With reaped to the Shan states, the
lieutenant governor in his last report says
they "are tranquil and prosperous." Da
coity Is on the decline everywhere; In
deed, In Upper Burma It is absolutely un
known. The most troublesome class Is
the- "ti," or gamblers: these still Infest the
country districts, and by tricks with cards
and dice defraud the simple-minded farm
ers of their savings.
The principal commercial Industries are
connected with rice and timber. Indigen
ous manufacturers produce little more
than what is used on the spot. The
characteristic of Burmese work Is vigor
.and novelty of design, rather than high
finish. While there is abundance of water
ways there is urgent need for better and
more extended land communication. To
meet this railways are In course of con
struction in all directions.
The amounts received and expended In
the province of Burma during the year
ended December 31. 18;>9. were as follows:
Receipts, £4,659.360; expenditures, £2,975,
281. Hence Burma is reckoned a rich pro
vince, and its excess cf revenue Is a use
ful and welcome item In the Indian im
perial exchequer.
110 degrees Fahrenheit at Swebo and at
the_Ruby mines 54 degrees Fahrenheit,
in December the shade temperature varies
from 86 degrees to 38 degrees Fahrenheit.
The Resources of Burma.
Lower Burma possesses extraordinary
fertility. It is subject, however, to floods
caused by the overflowing of the mighty
Irrawadl and its tributaries. Rice is the
principal crop— six-sevenths of the laii-l
Is devoted to its culture. Tobacco, cotton
and the sugarcane also thrive. The
Burmese are content with one crop a year,
and so the manure Is simply the previous
year's stubble, which is burned and mixed
with the soil. Upper Burma, which is
somewhat arid, suitors severely from
drought. It is a fine upland rolling coun
try, with immense tracts of forest, yield-
Ing vast supplies of teak and other valu
able timber. The chief crops are rlo.
maize, "rve, wheat, suearcane, cotton, to
bacco, tea and indigo.
The province of Burma Is remarkably
rich in mineral wealth. Gold, silver, cop
per, lead, tin, coal. Iron, jade and precious
stones— especially rubles and sapphires
are all found In more or less abundance.
The ruby mines, which are a fruitful
source of revenue to the Government, aro
situated at Mugok. seventy miles north of
Mandalay, the capital of Upper Burma.
These perns are separated from the gravel
and sand in- the same way as gold. The
value of the annual export amounts to
seven lakhs of rupees. There are also
large deposits of magnetic oxide which
have as yet been untouched. Wells for
the- production of petroleum have long ex
isted. Of livestock, cattle are the most
numerous, and a considerable trade Is car
ried on In hides.
History of the Province.
The early history of Burma is. of course,
lost in antiquity. The original Burmese
tribes are conjectured to have pushed
their way south from the mountains of
Tibet, and to have subdued and incor
porated the aborigines. In the year 1000
B. C. Burma was a powerful empire, quite
able to resist the Incursions of the Chi
nese and of the other neighboring nations.
Mapnlfleent ruins and relics remains to
attest the splendor of that earhy period
Since the Christian era Portugal, Holland
and France have in turn held parts of
the Burmese peninsula. The first British
settlement was in > 1G16, when factories
were erected at the mouth of the Irra
wadi. The first British mission from In
dia was in 1795, when valuable concessions
were obtained from the native rulers.
Complete British possession of the prov
ince of Burma, however, has been ob
tained at the cost of three v.ars— 1S24, 1S52
BY a vote ominously large the Supervisors have
passed to print the resolution providing for the
reopening of gambling at Ingleside racetrack.
To that extent the menace of revival of the old evil
which in the. past blighted so many homes in' the city
has been brought nearer to the people. The situation
is grave, but there is r.o reason why any good citizen
should abandon the fight for morality. From "passage
to pnr.t" to- the final passage of an ordinance is a far
cry, and it can hardly be doubted that when the final
test comes several at least of the Supervisors who
voted for passing to print will then vote on the side of
the people. -.• ... ¦:' • • ¦ . -
There is not a single valid excuse for the passage cf
such, an ordinance. Jt is not needed for the purpose
of permitting legitimate racing in San Francisco, for
there is now no law of the city and county forbidding
that kind of racing. The only thing to be attained by
the ordinance is the permission of gambling. It is
therefore a plain proposition of whether or not men
elected to office to guard the welfare of the. city will
be faithful to their duties or give to gamblers a legal
right to attract to the" city all kinds of blacklegs to
prey upon the community.
It has been argued in-some quarters that, since pool
telling and bookmaking are permitted elsewhere, we
Ehould permit similar practices here. A sufficient an
ewer to that was made by one of the pastors of the
city in the statement: "Because one man chokes his
wife is no reason why I should choke mine." If other
cities and counties are willing to expose their youth
to the temptations of gamblers and their vicious fol
lowing of toughs and touts, .there is all the more
reason why San Francisco should set a better example.
We cannot afford to follow the vices of other commu
nities. We have enough, of our own as it is.
.While no valid argument can be advanced in support
of the ordinance, there are many weighty ones against
It. In the first place, the question: has been submitted
to the people in the manner prescribed in the charter,
End by them the proposal to legalize gambling was
voted down. The Board of Supervisors is bound by
every obligation that rests! upon public officials to
respect the decision thus given and to uphold it. To
do otherwise would be not' only to declare the people
have no right to regulate their own affairs, but would
be to nullify one of. the most important provisions of
the charter which every member of the board has
solemnly pledged himself to support.'
The question was submitted to the people, and the
vote of the people was against the gamblers. If the
issue is to be renewed it should be again submitted to
the people. There will be an election within six
months, and there is therefore no slightest excuse for
refusing to again submit- the ischeme to the arbitrament
of the ballot. . • .
When the people voted dqwn the proposal to legal
ize gambling they did not cast their .votes in ignorance
of what gambling at Inglcside means. There is hardly
a man \vho has lived in San Francisco for any consid
erable length of time -vho has not some relative, friend
or acquaintance who was ruined by trie temptations of
the gamblers at Inglesyie. Those who fell were not
inherently weak or vicious. .Some of them were good,
honest-hearted men before the blight of that curse fell
upon them. The evil affected all classes of society.
Men and tfomen, youth?, and even young girls, were
led astray by the temptations of the track. Messenger
boys were led into petty stealings,, and the most
trusted employes and public officials lvere corrupted
into defalcations, embezzlements and forgeries.
All these facts arc known to the Supervisors, and
tl-ey cannot be indifferent to them and to public opin
ion when the time comes to decide finally whether they
will vote for the gamblers or for the people.- For that
reason the pastors and other good citizens who have
made ?uclj a manly nght for morality have no need
to despair. P2?* 2 g e to print is one thing; the final
pa?s?.ge of the ordinance will be quite another.
PASSED TO PRINT.
MORGAN ON TREATIES
SENATOR MORGAN, has resumed his usual
nagging and indirect tactics toward the admin
istration in regard to the Nicaraguan canal and
the treaties necessary as precedent to its construction
by this Government. ' . .
Bearing in mind that the canal must be constructed
by the United States, within the jurisdiction of two
other sovereignties,, and that at our instance the
Cjayton-Bulwer treaty was negotiated with Great
Britain, thus bringing a third sovereignty into the
circle, it will be seen that only by. treaty and inter
rational agreement between the four sovereignties
concerned can any progress be made.
In order to clear the way for work the President
and Secretary Hay substituted the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty for the Clayton-Bulwer treaty and then ar
ranged in line therewith protocols for canal treaties
with Nicaragua and,,Costa Rica. ,
. These wise and. well-tim'edr arrangements of the
President removedall international obstacles and put
the four sovereignties concerned in line. ; The canal
has never been as near to accomplishment as when
Congress met last December. If the Hay- Pauncefote
treaty had been ratified the treaties with the two Cen
tral American states would have followed according
to the protocols. and everything would be ready now
for work. But the Senate, moved partly by jingoism
and partly by the enemies of the canal, proceeded to
butcher the Hay-Pauncefote treaty and warp it out
of all resemblance to the purpose it was intended to
save. This made its return to Great Britain neces
sary and made any action on the canal at this session
impossible.
Now comes Morgan, proposing that Congress shall
do something to force the treaties contemplated by
the protocols with Nicaragua and Costa Rica, and
this in the face of the fact known to him that the thiee
treaties were interdependent and composed a com
plete and symmetrical treaty system, harmonizing
every international interest concerned.
In urging this policy of folly Senator Morgan said:
"We are bound to agree with Costa Rica and Nicara
gua as to the terms on which canal privileges will
be extended to the United States, if this subject is
to be settled by agreement. It is clear that the Pres
ident, in making these agreements in the name of the
United States, defiantly disregarded any claim of riglu
that Great Britain could assert to the effect that her
consent was necessary to such action on his part as
President."
Nothing could be more dishonest or dishonorable
than that statement. Nor could anything be more
misleading. Morgan knows, as does the country,
that, in the interest of economy of time and in loyalty
to the canal, the President negotiated the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty to open the way for the protocols
with Costa Rica and Nicaragua. His action was
equally characterized by good sense and international
propriety. Morgan knows that to proceed on the
protocols with the Hay-Pauncefote treaty beaten is
to, in effect, denounce and abrogate the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty and impeach our national* good faith
before the world.
Morgan knows that his criticism is not only a false
hood as to the fact butus demagogic in purpose and
fatal to the canal in effect.
That. project is, unfortunately, caught and crushed
between the demagogy and dishonesty which are the
odium of American politics.
Palace Buildings, Mandalay.
and 18S3. The result of the last .which
cost the Indian Government £3.000.000 was
the dethronement of the despotic Kinp
Theebaw and the final annexation of tr.o
whole province to the empire of India.
The question of annexation was hotly dis
cussed in Groat Eritaln, and It was said
that it would never pay. An estimate
was made, after the second war, which
showed that »n the first five years there
would be a heavy burden upon Great Brit
ain and India. As a fact, however, a few
years after the pacification and opening
out of the country the annual surplus
yield came out at a round million sterling.
Some Burmese Characteristics,
The population of Lower Burma, Includ
ing the capital Rangoon, with ISO.OOO In
habitants, is 2,046.933. and of Upper Bur
ma, including the capital Mandalay, with
190,000 Inhabitants. 4,65S,627; that of the
Shan states Is still unascertained. The
Buimese are robust, if somewhat diminu
tive, and are famed for their bravery' and
bcunce. They belong to numerous djffer
ent tribes, who are distinguished by a
variety of manners, languages and relig
ions. Burma is the cradle of Buddhism—
Guadama Buddha was born and died in
Burma.
The Burmese are remarkable for their
domesticity and love of home. Filial piety
is inculcated as a sacred principle. Chil
dren command general interest; there is
no selling of girls, when infants, for mar-
(Series under the direction of Prof. John II
¦Flnley of Princeton University.)
II.— BUBKLAj: A~TYPICAL INDIAN
PROVINCE.
(By Bdecumbe Staley. author of "The Arms
and Badges o£ the British Colonies.")
Burma is the easternmost province of
the empire of India. It is bounded by
China. Slam and the sea: to the west ate
Assam and Bengal. It is remarkable, geo
graphically, for noble mountain ranges
and splendid navigable rivers. It pos
sesses a rich and productive soil, with an
extended seaboard. The province la
divided into three parts— Lower Burma
Upper Burma and the Shan states. Tho
delta country of Lower Burma is flat, but
farther inland the country is hilly, and
the scenery In Upper Burma is almost
English in verdure and repose. The Shan
states are the moat mountainous. Th j
area of Lower and Upper Burma Is some
where about 171,000 souare miles. The
boundaries of the Shan states are not
definitely fixed.
. There are three seasons— rainy, cool and
not, according: to the monsoon. The rain
fall at the Ruby mines is 103 Inches per
annum; at Swebo 25 inches. In May th«
hottest period, the thade temperature is
TUESDAY! FEBRUARY 26, 1901
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor, '
ACtztu All Ccsscc'.ntieat to W. 8. IEAEK, Manager.
•X UTACEUI OFFICE. . . . . . . .Telrphoiig Pr«-ii» .pfj
riBLICATJOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Prenii 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 «o 221 Sterrnton St.
Telephone Press 202.
Dellverc-d »»r Currier-. 15 Crntu Per Week.
Mnele Copte*. S <>nt«.
Term* li.v Mnil. Inclmllni; Postasrei
PAILT CALL (lncludinj; Sunday), one year... ...$«. 00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 6 months S.00
DAILT CAJL-T., <inclu<Jlnp Sunday). » months J.CO
DAILT CALL— By Single Month «5c
6UNDAY CALL. On* Tear !•«•
WEEKLY CALL, One Year , : - !•«
All postmaster*, nre nntborlzed to receive
• nbKcrlpttonii.
Eascple copies will be forwarded when requested.
Ma.ll subscribers In ordering rhance cf address should t«
particular to give both ICEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
3AKLAXD OFFICE. .1118 Broa^hrny
C. GEORGE KROG5ES9.
Xu&rtr TcreifB. Advertising. K&rguttte Building. Chlcigi.
(Lcr.g Distance Telephone "Central 2615.")
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CABLTO.V ;..... ...Herald Sanare
NFSr YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPHES B. SMITH SO Tribune Ball dins
•-".. . "* NEW "YORK NEWS STANDS:
¦ Waldorf -Astoria, Hotel; A. Erentaco, a Union Square:
Marray H1U HoteL .
CHICAGO NEfrs STANDS:
E&ennaa House: P. O. News Co.; .Great Northern Hotel:
Tttxzocx House; Auditorium HoteL*
WASHIXGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE 14OO G St.. If. W.
aiOKTO.V E. CRAAB. Correspondent.
BRAJfCH OFFICES-— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
entil 8:50 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:S0 o'clock. 633
McAllister- open until S:S9 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
1:33 o'clock. 1SU Mission, open until 10 o'clock. £261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until * o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until * o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor- .
ner Twenty-second tnd Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
The American Hen on Top.
Germany has discovered that- the Ameri
can hen is the finest in the world. An ex
pert was recently over from that country
to discover the secret of the superiority 'of
the mistress of the American barnyard
He visited all tha jrreat chicken farms of
the East and has taken a number of coopi
of chickens home with him, intending W
cross the German fowl with the American
strain In the hope of improving the- bird*
of the fatherland. They draw on us for
Improvements of every character and their
stand and make faces at us.— Idaho
Statesman.
Famine in India Hot Ended.
According to reports from India up to
the last of January, there is still a very
dark outlook on the India famine ques
tion. In Upper and Central India the- ag
ricultural prospects are most decidedly fa
vorable, but in some of the other districts,
especially Bombay, the monsoons ceased
early In September, and owing to the ab
sence of rain serious distress in expected
between now and August. This will call
for a large expenditure for relief meas
ures, as well as causing a decided loss ot
revenue. Prices for grain continue high
in the affected localities, but when the
upper India harvest Is secured It is ex
pected that they will drop nearer to their
normal level. No less than 223.000 persona
are now in receipt of relief, and it is hoped
that this number will not, for the present
at least, show any marked increase. — Bos
ton Herald.
Refined Capital Punishment.
What's the matter with abolishing cajl
tal punishment and sentencing criminals
to po and live in Kansas? The only thlngr
happy out there are the big sunflowers,
and the women had better look out or
they will chase the men from the State
One time right here in Louisville a learned
Judge, noted for his big heert. was called
on to pass sentence on a murderer. ."I
sentence you." he said. '• to live out the
rest of your days In Danville." Where
upon the criminal, who had hitherto born*
up, gave a shriek and begged piteou3iy
to be hanged rather than live with the
blue Presbyterians In Danville. Every
body sympathized with him. And over in
Indiana one railroad was so famed for the
number and fatality of itg accidents that
when a man was condemned he was given
his choice between instant death or acting
as conductor on that road, ilest chose
instant death. — Louisville Times.
The Great Transcontinental Survey.
The Coast and Geodetic Survey has just
issued a large volume giving the results
of the geodetic triangulation across the
continent by which the arc of the thirty
ninth parallel of north latitude has been
measured. The report was- ready for pub
lication in May last year, two years after
the completion of the survey. The reduc
tion of the geodetic data and the prepara
tion of a book of 871 pages in so short a
time have involved unusually rapid worK.
It is not often that the scientific world re
ceives the complete results of a great
undertaking so soon after the close of tbe
investigation.
This survey, begun in 1S72 and ended in
1S98, extended over a period of " twen.ty
seven years. The terminal pofr.t3 of the
trianffulatlon are near Cape May. N. J..
and at Point Arena, Cal.. north of San
Francisco. The length of th* arc is 2625
statute miles. It is the most extensive
piece of geodetic work ever attempted by
any nation.— New York Sun.
The End Not in Sight.
While enlisting the aid of th*» Afrikander
Bund and of the kinsman of the- Boer corn
mandera in efforts to induce the militant
burghers to lay down their arms, the Rn-.
ish authorities seem to have little* faith,
in arguments other than those represented
by the sword, the rifle and the toreb. Th-»
announcement of the British Secretary nZ
War of his purpose to send to South X' •
rica 30,000 mounted troops, in addition ti
the reinforcements recently • transport*, i
thither and the volume-era enlisted in Car>?
Colony, Australia and Canada <13.0iW %n
number), does not indicate expectancy yf
an early peace. On the part of the Boers
there appears to be even less wlllfhgnowtp
to compromise; Indeed, thpy have invitett
further complications by the Invasion of
Portuguese territory to a point clcse to-
Delagoa Bay. -The. prospect of a war.:n'
1'qutrance stretches out into the ftitunr
with unrelieved dreariness.— Philadelphia
Record.
Division of Funds Frequent.
There is a more or less familiar aspect
to the undisputed allegation made in the
latest unpleasantness on »*.e floor of Con-
grresa, that of a total of $1300 raised/ in
Washington for a Boer relief fund .enjy
$"£ was left for the purpose designated
after those who had managed the relief
movement had partaken of a banquet of
terrapin and champagne. Money sub
scribed for relief funds is not Infrequently
squandered in this way, especially when
philanthropy sreta mixed up with politics.
This sort of a diversion of funds : sub
scribed for a worthy purjxjje Is about as
detestable a proceeding a«>, can tie im
agined, and it is well that this flagrant
instance of It has been exposed in a Con
gressional debate and reported In -all the
newspapers. It ought to serve as a wide
spread warning to people who are In the
habit of contributing to relief funds with
out taking the trouble to Inquire Into tbe
trustworthiness of the custodians. — Boa
ton Herald.
HE suggestion of The Call has been adopted by
Tthe administration and Congress. Our readers
will remember that we advised that an extra
session be avoided and the Cuban incident closed, by
Congress empowering the President to accept the Cu
ban constitution and withdraw the troops. Acting on
this line, the Senate Committee on Cuban Affairs pro
poses an amendment to the army appropriation bill,
reciting the resolution that declared war against Spain
and providing that when a Cuban constitution is re
ported to the President he is to accept it.
This acceptance, however, has limitations. The con
stitution must give the United States supervision of
foreign treaties made by the new republic. It must
repudiate the Spanish debt incurred by that kingdom
in its endeavor to suppress the Cuban revolution/which
was funded on the revenues of the island. Cuba must
agree to lease or sell to the United States naval or
coaling stations such as the President shall accept is
adequate for the protection of our interests in those
waters. The United States shall also have such an
interest in the sanitation of the cities of the island as
may be useful in protecting our own Gulf and Atlantic
ports from contagion with yellow fever or other epi
demic.
It is gratifying to know that a draft of the Cuban
constitution containing these exact provisions is al
ready made and has been submitted to the President
and Secretary of War. As we have stated the objec
tions to some of these conditions, it is only fair to
discuss them from the standpoint of those who affirm
them, with a view of giving the arguments on both
sides.
The first requirement is exactly copied from our
own agreement with France in the treaty of 1778. In
that agreement we made France our suzerain in in
ternational matters, and she sustained that relation to
us until we violated the treaty by making an independ
ent commercial treaty with Great Britain in 1793.
As our forefathers endured that condition for fifteen
years, until they felt strong enough to violate a prom
ise made to France in payment of her aid in gaining
independence, Cuba may not stand out in a matter
of the same kind. A successful revolution wipes out
all such obligations as the Spanish debt based on
Cuban revenue. Such a debt carries with it the obli
gation of Spain to retain control of Cuba and her
revenues. Failing in that, the matter takes the same
legal phase as arises in the relation of principal and
surety on individual debt. The principal is held good
for the debt, and must be exhausted before recourse
is had upon the surety. It is necessary, however, that
Cuba should have the protection of the United States
in regard to this debt. It is held in France, arid a
Icrge block of it is said to belong to the treasury of
the Vatican. Under such circumstances Cuba would
hardly be able, single-handed, to resist the encroach
ment necessary to its collection.
The relation established by the two foregoing pro
visions makes it absolutely necessary, for the sake
of Cuba, that we have coaling and station facilities
for our navy. This will save her the expense of a
navy and put us in a position to always make good our
guarantee of her independence.
This arrangement for submitting the constitution to
the President will avoid an extra session and at the
same time make unnecessary our continued occupa
tion of Cuba until the next Congress meets. Both of
these are desirable.
CUBAN INCIDENT CLOSED
THE HIGH COURT OF NATIONS.
AMONG the things which have been accom
plished in this young and tender century the
organization oi the "Permanent Court of Ar
bitration," provided for by the famous peace confer
ence at The Hague, rhould not be overlooked. Re
ports from Europe announce that the great court has
been fully organized, has a competent array of secre
taries, clerks and functionaries of all sorts, and is
ready to do business.
Fifteen of the great powers of the earth are repre
sented in the court. Among them are the United
States, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany,
Great Britain, Italy, Japan, Portugal, Russia, Spain
and Sweden and Norway. The representatives of the
nations are men of the highest ability. Those of the
United States are Chief Justice Fuller, ex-President
Benjamin . Harrison, Attorney General Griggs and
Judge George Gray. Great Britain's representation
is headed by Lord Pauncefote; that of Germany by
the president of the Imperial High Court of the Em
pire; Austria also is represented by the Chief Justice
of its highest court, while in the Russian members of
the court are the Minister of Justice and the Procur
ator of the Holy Synod. Other nations are repre
sented by dignitaries of equal eminence and fitness for
the place, and we are told that the clerks and secre
taries are also men of learning and dignity.
A court of that kind is quite able to do big busi
ness and do it properly if any should ever happen to
come that way. Nor is there any lack of business
that might go before it. The Chinese imbroglio alone
is sufficient to afford the court an opportunity to make
a record. Unfortunately China cannot be given a
hearing, .nor can the South African republics. The
object of the court is to arbitrate between nations,
and the South African* republics, are not counted as
nations, while, China, being a land of heathens who
have no skill in modern arms, can be dealt with by
the powers without troubling the court.
¦ For the present, then, the "Permanent Court of
Arbitration" is hardly anything more than a name.
It is not even so much as a spectacle, for its members
are at home attending to business, and it may be a
long time before it ever puts itself on exhibition with
a full bench. Despite its seeming futility, however,
the court may yet prove of value to the world and to
the cause of peace. It is, at any rate, a reminder of
a certain aspiration for the honest adjustment of in
ternational disputes and controversies, and may de
velop into something worthy of the august title it
has assumed.
By Edgcumbe Staley.
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
England's Moral and Civil Government of the
Ancient and Strange Province of
Burma, the Rich Indian Land.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The San Francisco Call
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, FEBRUARY \26, 1901.
Now that Massachusetts claims to be the foremost
golf Stae in the Union it is fair to suppose that blue
ftockings are a necessary part of the game.
6
AMUSEMENTS,
Alfcair.tiv— M!n»tre!e. .
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Orand Opera-houpe— "A Husband's Honor."
Alcazar— "What Happened to Jones."
Columbia— vZaza." ,
Tivoll— "Wizard of the Nile."
Or-tral— "The Girl I Left Behind Me."
Calif ornU— "The Village Parson."
Olrmpia. corner JJason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Cfcutea, Zoo end Tbeiter— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venire. . . • •
Fischer" e— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Tempi*— The Henscheli' Recital this afternoon.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Trained Animal Show.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Races.
Tanfaran 1'ark— Races.
Dr. Sanford's Idver Invigorator."
TEe best liver medicine. A vegetable cure, for
.ver iMsl. biliousness. Indigestion, constipation.*
The policemen of Paris.- gcnerajly,
young, able-bodied men. receive from $ri*
to $30 a month, accortlir.gr to their tiro,*
of service. Only a lew receive over $25 % »
month.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tt\t>
l-'ress Clipping; Bureau (Allen's). 510 .Mont-
gomery si. Telephone Main 1042. •.-
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Towcsend's.*
Choice candle3, Townsend'3, Palace Hotel. *Jam«* O'Brien, alias. Thomas Daln. an
ex-convict, was booked at the City Prison
yesterday by Detectives Whittaker, Rlor
dan and Armstrong on a charge of for
gery. The detectives nad teen looking for
him since July 17 last. On that day he
called at the saloon, 1445 Market street,
kept by H. Huckfeldt. and announced that
he was looking- for an interest In a suit
able saloon. Huckfeldt offered to sell him
a auarter interest in his saloon for $810,
and he at once closed the transaction by
giving: a check payable to "Jame3
O'Brien" and purporting to be signed by
Major TV. B. Hooper of the Occidental
Hotel. Then ho asked Huckfeldt for 115,
as he was short of cash and could not
draw a check on tho bank, as It was after
banking: hours. He g-oc the money.
The check was drawn '.n the Crocker-
Woolworth Bank, and when presented at
the bank by Huckfeldt he was advised to
get Hooper to call and identify his signa
ture. The check was shown to Hooper,
who at once said that his signature had
been forged. O'Brien o- Dain has served
three terms In San Quentin for forgery.
As a Result Hs Lands in Jail and
Will Probably Resume His
Residence at San
Quentin.
James O'Brien, an Ex-Con
vict, Is Too Handy With
the Pen.
FORGERY JO GET
FIFTEEN DOLLARS
\
DAVID BELASCO. THE AUTHOR OF THE MUCHLY DISCUSSED "ZAZA"; MRS. CARTER, WHO PORTRAYS THE
LEADING CHARACTER. AND A SCENE FROM THE FLAY AS IT WAS PRESENTED LAST NIGHT AT THE
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Purim Masquerade. •
Th* seventh annual Purira prize mas
cuerade ball of the Hebrew Social Club
will be held en March 3. "at Odd Fellows"
•Ha'I. The committees have already been
appointed and the arrangements have al
most been' completed. Prizes will be
awarded for the most handsome and the
most orielnaJ costumes.
To a thoughtful mind, tho trust problem is
ono of serious Import. It must be firmly
grappled with, for it creeps upon society bo
fore you are aware of Its existence, in this re
spect much resembling; the various disorders
which attack the Momach. such as conatlpa
tlon, Indigestion, dyspepsia and biliousness.
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters will cure all such
nllmepts. and prevent la grippe, malarial fever
and agrue. Be sure to give It a trial.
This Trust Problem.
BUILDING JAPANESE
ZMPEBOI^G PALACE
American Engineer Superintends
Erection of Three Thousand
Tons of Steel.
J. A. Brady, a civil engineer of Chicago,
arrived yesterday on the steamship Cop
tic from Japan and Is stopping at the
Grand. Brady has been employed for sev
eral months superintending the erection
of the steel work of the new palace of the
Emperor o'f Japan, that Is being built in
Tokio. The' Carnegie Company received
the contract to supply the steel work for
this building and shipped more than 3000
tons of the framework for this massive
building.
Brady said last night that the steel
work was all up and his share of the
work had been completed. The palace
will occupy the site of the former Prince's
palace. The building, Brady states, is be
ing constructed by the Japanese Govern
ment and will not be completed for ten
years. The structure is 2fiO feet by 400 feet
and is designed by Katyrna, the foremost
Japanese architect The palace Is built
In a bold Italian renaissance style I and.
will be the most imposing edlflos la tho
Orient when completed. • '
present itself this afternoon at Metropol
itan Temple, where the favorite singers
will give the second recital of the present
series at popular prices. It is an educa
tion to be present at any of the Henschcl
recitals, and to hear the singers at popu
lar prices is a favor seldom extended.
The last of the series of recitals will take
place next Thursday and Saturday after
noons.
Central.
David Belasco's great war drama. "The
Girl I Left Behind Me," drew a crowded
house at the Cenkral Theater last even
ing. Although the play • has been pro
duced here several times the attendance
last evening illustrated that military pro
ductions are as big a drawing card as
ever. The cast, which Is a large one,
was well selected. The scenery and effects
were perfect in every detail- and the play
went with a vim and snap that showed
that special care had been taken in the
rehearsals. Miss Lorena Atwo'od, the new
leading lady at> the Central Theater, was
well received. She assumed the character
of Kate Kennion. Miss At wood has a
splendid stage appearance and a well
modulated voice. In the barrack-room
scene In the second act she was especially
strong. Clifford Dempsey, in the leading
role of Lieutenant Hawkesworth, is
good. He portrayed the much-abused and
Innocent cavalry officer with a polish and
manly grace that made a most favorable
Impression. The rest^of the cast is good.
Olympia.
The Olympla management presents a
strong programme this week. Querlta
Vincent sang some- entirely new songs
last night. -..William DeBoe's Juggling is
a sensational feature and all the other
numbers are good.
heaven and earth than have been dreamed
of In the Belasco psychology.
After all Is said, the play leaves a bad
taste in your mouth and makes you look
at life with a Jaundiced eye. I suppose
this Is due to the impression of the. de
testable first act— which almost needs
purification by police— and to the generally
low tone at which most of the character 5
are pitched.
In the low comedy scenes of the play
Mrs. Carter acts with a realism worthy
cf Zola at his worst. Oddly enough, this
does not prevent her being really pathetic
where pathos is required; where the high
est tragic power is called for her art does
not ring quite true, being overstrained
and forced. Yet her Intelligence, her
mobility and her elocution are ao far
above the average that one must be
thankful for this opportunity of seeing
her. even at $2 a seat.
The support was good and the stage
management excellent^ pQNT SYLE ;
Grand Opera-Hou.se.
Howard Hall's romantic drama, "A
Husband's Honor," attracted another
large audience to the Grand Opera-house
last night. The scene where the actor
author enters the lion's cage to recover' a
letter again brought down the house. Aft
er the curtain fell the audience was not
satisfied till Hall and Adgie appeared be
fore the footlights and made their bows.
Hall plnys the part of the betrayed hus
band with his usual favor and Miss Nina
Morris as the unfaithful wife is excellent.
Virginia Calhoun. considering her youth,
is surprisingly good as the husband's
friend and a word of praise Is due Fred
erick Hartley for his portrayal of the part
of a faithful servant.
Orpheum. .
Katherlne Bloodgood, a contralto from
the operatic domain. Is the leading trump
card at the Orpheuin this week and she
takes all the tricks. The box chairs last
night contained a fashionable audience
that turned out to give a, warm weJcom©
to Mrs. Bloodgood and her rich contralto
voice. But. mirabile dictu! the box chair*
did not have all the appreciating to them
selves, for the gallery gave the singer the
glad hand, and when she concluded with
the risque ballad concerning the bold sol
dier and the pretty 'maid who sobHingly,
but alas, vainly, asked him to marry her.
It was as good as an earthquake to hear
tho gallery come down. Of the new peo
ple the Brothers Bard shine foremost In
the way of acrobatic excellence and orig
inality. John Le Hay follows with a very
comical turn at ventriloquism. Tho che
valier, A. L. Guille, ihe little French tenor
who sings "The Palms'" and "La Donna
e Mobile" so well, was welcomed bade
with encores. The sketch is that rare
short story told by Richard Harding
Davis entitled "The Littlest Girl." and
Robert Hllliard and Harry St. Marno do
an effecting bit of acting. . The holdovers,
the Kelcey Sisters, the Dumonds, Al and
Mamie Anderson and the American Blu
graph, round out a first-class entertain
ment. < .
Tivoli.
The prediction made last week that
"The Wizard of the Nile" was good for
more than one week at the Tlvoll has
been fully verified. Last night the sec-
ond -week of that Jolly comic opera began
before a large audience that laughed
through It all. The cast is one of the
beat ever seen or heard In the opera.
Ferris Hartmnn, Alf Wheelan, Maud Wil
liams, Annie' Myers. Bernice Holmes and
Arthur Boyce repeated their successes In
great shape. The whole performance went
off with a vim. The voices of the princi
pals and of the chorus were in good trim.
The local hits and fags had lost nothing
of their charm for the auditors. The stag
ing was all that could be asked for. "The
Wizard" would easily run another weejc,
but the management will put on "Tho
Wedding Day" after the present week.
There will be a performance of "The Wiz
ard" every evening this week and tho cus
tomary Saturday matinee.
Alcazar.
"What happened to "Jones" might have
happened to any one else, but the way
in which the company at the Alcazar
portrays the adventures of that uncertain
individual is a cause of much merriment
for those who have the pleasure of wit
nessing the performance. From the rise
to the fall of the curtain the risible waves
fluctuate through the auditorium until it
becomes necessary to let down the curtain
to preserve the equanimity of the audi
ence. "What Happened to Jones" is a
comedy pure and simple. No plot has it
of course, but Just u combination of hu
morous episodes that make men and wo
men forget they ever had any trouble. It
is an interesting tit-bit of human interest
Alhambra.
Black and white face talent divide the
honors of Al G. Field's minstrels at the
Alhamhra. The blackface comedians fur
nish the fun and the whiteface perform
ers, tha vocal end of the programme, and
together they make up one of the finest
minstrel shows seen here for some time.
The programme is , excellently >' varied
There are sentimental songs, coon songs
of course, and Jokes, some of which are'
absolutely new. The sketch "One Day at
the White House" is replete with mirth
and fun and alone is more than worth the
modest Alhambra price of admission.
Fischer's.
A distinct novelty, was offered at Fisch
er's Concert House last night when
FleC-htl's Tyrolean troupe appeared for
the first time In thia city. The members
of the organization are true types of the
Tyrol and their songs and dances are In
imitable. Antonio and Conchita Martinez
gave some pretty - Mexican dances and
Richard and Margaret Leoni presented" a
wonderful aerial performance. Gertrude
Amsell and Ruth Kelta sang some new
songs and the musical act of Rosco and
Sims was warmly applauded.'
California.
"The Village Parson" was thoroughly
enjoyed by a large audience at the Cali
fornia last night. It went much moro
Bmoothly than on the opening night and
all the principal characters were warmly
applauded. "The Holy City," sung by
Miss Anna Viola Risher behind the scenes,
was a fine effort and was well received. -
Henschels.
The opportunity of again hearing, the
charming: singing: of the Henschels ' will
The ordinance granting the Bay and
Coast Railroad a franchise to enter the
city at Twenty-fourth and Illinois street-*
was passed to print by the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday. Curtis explained that
the bill was amended In committee to
meet the objections of tha Federated-Mis
sion Improvement Club. A condition had
been Imposed requiring the company to
depress its tracks should it ever become a
public necessity by building a tunnel un
der Ocean View. McCarthy moved as an
amendment that the company be required
to substitute electricity for steam within
the city limits on s!x months' notice, but
the amendment was lost. Attorney Bag
gett, for the company, stated that such a
plan would not be practicable. The Mayor
desired to Jknow If the company would
perform ?25,000 worth of construction
work before the final passage of the ordi
nance at the end of ninety days. Baggett
said that the ordinance had been before
tho board for a year and the "ninety-day
provision" obtained from the time the bill
was first Introduced. HotaHng directed
attention to the charter provision, which
required a railroad to have fifty miles of
road already built b«fore being permitted
to connect at the water front. Reed read
the pledge of the Democratic Supervisors
not to permit any railway company to
operate tracks through any densely popu
lated district.
"We also pledged ouselves to remove
the Southern Pacific tracks," said Reed,
"and we have condemned them as a pub
lic nuisance by ordinance and here we are
about to give a little road, whose backers
are unknown, a similar privilege." -
Curtis said the committee had voted to
gTant the franchise only on the agreement
of the company to expend |25,0<J0 before
next June. The Southern Pacific runs
through the populous Mission district,
while the line of the Bay Coast road
would be along: a marshy land. The vote
on the ordinance was. Ayes— Booth, Box
ton. Brandenstein, Braunhart. Comte,
Connor, Curtis, D'Ancona, Dwyer. Fon
tana, Hotaling. Jennings. Stafford. Wil
son; noes— McCarthy, Reed, Sanderson;
excused— Tobin.
The board was to have taken up the
matter of fixing the water rates, but the
Board of Public Works sent a notification
that its long delayed report on the valua
tion of the Spring Valley Water Worl;s
would not be ready until this morning at
11 o'clock. The board decided to meet this
af'ernoon to resume the investigation.
The fixing of gas rates will be taken up at
the same time. Reed plied Chief Engineer
Schussler wit ha number of questions re
garding the value of certain abandoned
property included in the statement filed
by the company, but nothing ofrohterest
was developed.
An ordinance designed to prohibit the
obstruction of the halls, corridors and
doorways of the City Hail, Hail of Justice
1 and all* other municipal buildings by per
j sons congregated in crowds, and the use
i of loud, boisterous or vulgar language
I therein, was passed to print. The provis
; ions bt the bill, however, shall not apply
! to persons standing in line to pay taxes,
: make statements to the Assessor or trans
i acting other official business.
The ordinance submitted by the Mer
i chants' Association and designed to em
! power the Board of Public "Works to
i grant permits under certain conditions to
1 maintain artificial light signs or lamps
i that project from buildings over side
walks -was postponed for one week.
McCarthy's ordinance providing that all
rights and privileges heretofore granted
or exercised to erect signs and transpar
encies be rescinded and all resolutions
granting the said privileges be repealed
was indefinitely postponed.
The residents in the vicinity of Folsom
.and Sixth streets petitioned the board to
i declare the sidewalk in front of the store
1 of Menpine & Mehrtens a public nuisance.
• The owners have refused persistently to
1 rebuild the sidewalk since the grade has
I been changed in that locality. The pe
1 tition was referred to the street com
* mittee.
"The " Independent Electric Light and
1 Power Company filed a statement show
i ing that the sum of $2,272,897 59 has been
: expended in the construction of the sys
'¦ tern.
The bids of the Bulletin and Post for
; the official advertising at thirty-nine and
: thirty-four cents respectively for each
i half-inch insertion were referred to the
! Printing Committee.
An ordinance imposing a license of $15
: per quarter on runners and soliciting:
i agents and Jl 50 for each runner's or
I solicitor's badge was referred to the Ll
¦ cense Committee.
! The ordinance requiring all owners of
i fences used for advertising purposes to
¦ file an indemnity bond was indefinitely
! postponed.
A resolution Introduced by D'Ancona,
; which provides for an appropriation of
I $30i» out of the urgent necessity fund for
i the building of an extension to the Small-
I pox Hospital was referred to the Finance
- Committee. Similar action was taken
with a bill appropriating $3000 for the
building of a detention hospital in China
town.
The Eoard of Public Works filed a
statement of the amount which should be
set apart in the ordinance fixing water
rates for the operating: expenses of the
Spring Valley Water Company. It Is
fixed at V.50.005.
Trained Animal Show.
Norris & Rowe's trained animal show
will begin a sixteen days' engagement at
Mechanics' Pavilion next Saturday after
noon. Performances thereafter will be
given at 2:30 and S:15 p. m. each day. Last
year the show created a sensation and
now it returns vastly improved ia. every
particular. Professor Woodruff* s $10,000
troupe of educated eealions is an impor
tant addition, while Herr Sutler's dancing
baby elephant promises to be a novelty.
The animal firo department has been re
tained and improved and Jim Robinson,
the tvonderful monkey jockey, has been
taught new tricks. Over 100 trained Shet
land ponies. 10) dogs, scores of monkeys,
a trained African zebra, ant-eaters, goats,
zebus and other animal actors comprise
the* aggregation, which is the largest In
the world.
Chutes.
The Chutes has a good bill this week.
Sylvan and Chester appear In a clever
comedy acrobatic act, Lillian Levy sing3
new coon songs and introduces many new
cakewalk steps, Charles Chester does
some wonderful hand-balancing on a
pvramid of chairs, Sam Holdsworth sings
several beautiful ballads with illustrated
views. Tre holdovers are the Kobers In
their sensational aerial act. little Irene
Kober. the clever cnild contortionist; the
Hawaiian Quartet snd new moving: pic
tures.
Board Defers the Fix
ing of Water and
Gas Rates.
Bay and Coast Road
Will Be Granted
Franchise.
The Board of Supervisor* yesterday by
a vote of 11 to 7 parsed to print Tobln's
ordinance, designed to legalize prambling
•within track inclopureii *v}K-re horserac!r.«
1? carried on for a period not to exceed
Thirty-six ciays in each year. Action was
taken in the face of a monster petition
F'.pned, by several thousand citizens and
f.led by the Law ar.d Order League. The
prorept u^s reinforced by the presence of
a member of clergymen, who were present
to voice their -earnest opposition to a
proposition 'which has been demonstrated
es Iniquitous in the bu>£ degTee. Among
the ministers present were Rev. J. X.
Beard. Rev. Dr. A'very. Rev. H. rL Bell;
Bey. H. T. Shepard. Rev. Philip Coombe,
Kev. Dr. Wills. Rev. F. A. Doan© an'
Rev." \V, E. Dugan. The track interests
¦were represented by the president of the
6an Francisco Jockey Club and Charles
Fair, but the last named did not waiT
tor the vote to be taken.
The rce&sure was only passed by two
Jnofe.votes than the number required.
The ayes were: Boxton, Brandenstein.
Brau^hart. D'Aneona, Foctana, Hotallng.
Jer.rUngrs.- McCarthy, Sanderson, Stafford
.<ar.J Tobin.. ¦ - ¦
The, noes:. Booth, Comte, Connor, Cur
tlf. Dwyer, Reed and Wilson.
f Stirrtng speeches were made by Comte
ar.-* Conner apalnst the proposal to foist
.racetritck gambling "upon the community.
2*cv. Drs. Bell, and Beard epoke vigorouily
In opposition to tlie measure, but the fight
?-T decency was lost by four votes.
Th« bill was taken up for consideration
0St of the usual order a£ the suggestion
«of Tnbln, its author, who referred to the
presence of parties Interested In the open
ing of Ir.g:iesia« and "those diametricaliy
eppoeed'to the scheme. Tobin eaid:
Tfce ccii:raitt?s has recoraicendM this ordl-
Tince on ; various grounds, and In harmony
TUth Jhe artioti of the corirr.ittee — taking: it
'mx ' ill times since I have been a member —
rtqy-poBttUMi ilways.has been that San Fran
cisco jfhoiiid afsunse- the earae position as
¦ c.'r.fT large cit!e« of -the world— like Chicago,
¦' ysv -~S"Tk.."- 'tendon s.nd Paris. San Francisco.
. m tie fim placf . absolutely prohibited betting
:cr. j<w.!s. But ! believe that Ban Francisco
' tScuM ;>ent:it thnee g-ertlerr.en who have ln
rested-. h. "large amount tit money la the con
• ttructirn -cf a racetrark to hold racing' and
hjao&otet : bbokraakinc *or a reasonable length
c'-.tis^e. '-
¦ It fcad. been our' hope that the Legislature
•V 9M take \Y.* same view that this board has
t.-<en, -but It 6«-en;e the Legislature has as
¦ fjtn^i that San Francisco is capable of renru
latlti^' ber own affair*. We must therefore
o r.r.ne betting •within the walls of this tracS.
' ; 1 ara toli that certain gentlemen went before
: the LegisJature to have a bill passed that
-would permit betting only within a racetrack.
. IJavirp- t>e«>n unsuccessJul. these gentlemen
ttve come l-ack to us and ask us to jrtva them
¦ the rifht to conduct racing: within the lncloe
. ert of the track grounds. Under the present
<. -r.'Hipr. cf affairs the committee did not eee
; ¦ that -the city- was farjrlflcinsr auythine by bo
. c'.v.r.g. as racing In the vicinity or San FTan
¦c:sco is now furiported by the citizens of this
¦c'.tV.;-.
The racetrack la a rreat attraction to the
citizens ol thi» .Ftate and Ea^tern State*. It
hordlv Beeihs rl«-ht to me. therefore, that In
.pieslde iliMM oe clou'd absolutely. To do
> -. ffQBlQ- dejirive Fail Francisco cf an attrac
tVoa and e5fo cut off the livelihood of horse
t-t eit'rt). . hack driver*, hay ar.d men and
cQit'iV.<rtl» axe all anxious that the track
Fhou^d be opened iov a lirni'.ed period.
¦ Tfce.. fpctrcmen in. cis.rpe of the track are
C'ntlehxeTi .of wealth an<l standing la *he com
i-.ur.it>V We are assured ¦ they -wi!l place rac
ir.s vpi>n & rouTii. legitimate basis and con
rivrri it as it "* crr.durted in the vicinity of
Xmdpa ,«n<l Paris, and that the rule* and reg
ufaOonii «of till* boar! ire obeye-J. And th-r
t-IU -'nf-V aik this tx-ard for an extewlnn of
t:ra«.. .hit •will submit to the board In every
particular. .
Tob'.n was followed by Cor.nor. who !n
forreful terms denounced the bare-faced
attempt' to leeaUze gamo'/.ng within the
circumsrribod territory of the racetrack.
"I contend."- s.V.d - Connor, "that the
prof>er solution of this gambling proposi
tion is to submit it to the people at the
next election. I have DO interest -one way
or the other In this racetrack war. Let
the r>eople decide -by. vote whether they
want raretrack gambling or not. AVe have
petitions froni both sides and it is a hard
matter *o decide who is rizht. I refuse,
however, as a*. Superx'ifeor to favor gani
b'.inp in ar.y sbar>e."
MeCari hy agreed with Tobin In his d«
t!re tQ".bpcn Ingleside. nnd argruecl that the
c.irr.ajre done by poolscllfng Was not done
on the r-x-etraek, but in the poolrooms.
He he'.d' that It iras Eoir.g too far to ;x
terTRinate racir>g altosether in. this ctty
and- jfour.ty.
Hrsr.<1er.?te!n said that as the Legisla
ture T?ad derlir.ed to act- it was the board's
T-.HsJneps to m«t the 'ssue- fairly. .He did
rot think that the morals 'of the commu
r.llv wiu'.fl be «=erious!>- damaged by open
inp IncJfside. Braunhart did not believe
In framing «.ther counMes a monopoly of
rarirE: and its attendant ev's and he also
ff-1! back on the plea tliat *hc Legislaturs
tiaH filif.l to afford any rejief.
The mcasOre. wns -about to be put to a
Vote, when ;fre Rev. Dr. Bell asked the
pilvfiese of br'.r.p h*ard. Tobin stated
that he had no objection to the opponents
<if"t-l>e rneasure being- h?ard. but he asked
that.th^y be restricted as to the period of
llrr.e. t/> Dr. B«U was .riven five minutes
to present his &de of the case.
••"The.. »;holA <juest'.on of gambling- h a . 5
r*>£rv npenH up acaln by 'the .proposed or
fiinanwV 5.ii3 I>r. Bell. "Th^re have be«m
two* -petitions prt-sented on this question.
er.il w.bile the "ne in favor Is numerically
rtrorgrj- than the one aRJiinst it we desire
to appeal tQ your s«is« of honor and Jus
tice .»n relation to the iarpe eonFtttuencv
In this city- who have: not c in any son*<?
lieen /ernsuited on this proposition. Yoj
liave construed ¦•' the charter as beins?
apaihst'ithe nuiparce -Of railroad track?
B.nd w flsk you to construe it aRraln^i the
r^openir.p of In'glosido. If you appeal to
¦Us in behalf of e the horKeshoers,= hlack-
Fmlths -and others • we appeal' to you in
Jjchalf of the young: men and the "homes
vou xriil- jeopardize by -the opening: 'of In-
Ki"«ide."~ % • . .
"I am surprised at some of the arsru
jmms that have been -advanced in favor
«-? ihis priilnancp," paid .Dr. Beard. ¦w!||i
frCYfjyre-A X>r. = IW.' *'\Ve~ have bpen toiri
ihat" to keen.JnRrl^sIde closed will give a
monopoly' nf horse -racing and gambling
to'otT;T.r counties. I can see r.o disadvan
fn'cp in other cities havinsr a monopoly of
pambllne nnd aroptitution. I would at
tract people to -our city on other line*
ihaq aur clpbrity lh cMmection with the
cntorrnfnmnnt affnrdM l,y poolselling. 1
.p.p;>*nl to the Superv^oTB on the broad
pround gf puV.ic poJIcy. not to Oa this
.thing. The rr.iral cftcct of refusing to
pn?s this mcasur* will be of immense
valu« pMffir young men. It will not pavof
of blu" !r.yi-s.if you do 40. I appeal to vou
on the ar-knowledgr-d -tand taken by the
Mayor of CM* municipality that It Is
ppatofit publii* policy to. permit and ?n
couraee gambling."
Stafford 'ask «»d Dr. Beard whether \+ he
lioved that .the 22.536 vojters who favore-1
the poolroom 'ordinance -at th<» lant »l»-»
Uoo'were not Mo thirty-six davs'
racincr a? a modicum of wjiat thev wanted
Dr. Beard retorted that this wks no a-
pim nt. p a* sm -that olea five months'
pambllni? should be altowed. as the vo»r>s
recorded a^ainft tb<? ordinance wore 25 2 V,
"I oppose thft bill to.IegrJizo poolsellluff
en track inclcHSurcs on general principles '"
rald'Comte. "It Is an iniquitous bill on
1tB face. If. It -Is wrong -to prohibit eam
bling- for 229 flays It Js wron? to permit It
for -thirty-six days. You might as well'
prohibit murder, or trjrftlary for a portion
of the year nnd allow it in. others. Th's
irambliTur is .demoralizing and destructive
ond you have'nnly to vet 'to .the citv
Morsruefor proof "of niy assertion. You
car.not grant, this ppecial privilege for
rambling without ;exrendlng it and for
..hat reason you •should not pafts the bill."
Legalizing Bookmak
ing for Thirty-Six
Days a Year.
Ingleside Ordinance Is
Passed to Print by
11 to 7.
First Act of the Belasco Play Is Hopelessly Bad, but
the Others Are Decidedly Better.
THE first act of "Zaza" 1b hope
lessly bad. It passes my compre
hension to understand how de
cent -women and Intelligent men
can find anything Interesting In
this vulgar picture of life behind the
scenes In a third-rate vaudeville theater.
True, thia la a "Bllce of life" and a
"bleeding" one • with a vengeance, but
civilized men do not live on. raw meat
and rotten potatoes, and this Is the food
on which we are fed In this first act.
The second act Is a vast improvement
on the first. We see the poor, degraded
Zaza. the gutter-girl who has not fallen
from any high state, but who was simply
born to vice as most women are to vir
tue—we see her softened and even a lit
tle purified by a man whom she thlnk3
honest and good. Her rage when she be
gins to suspect that he Is deceiving her
Is natural and proper; her determination
to get at th£ truth by the most direct
means is admirable and courageous. The
third act — where Zaza questions her lov
er's child and learns from the little girl's
lips that he is married, has been much
condemned by Borne moralists; I must
confess myself quite unable to see any
thing objectionable in It; on the contrary,
it seems to me the best thing In the play.
Zaza's conduct In concealing the hus
band's treachery from his wife Is thor
oughly noble, and quite beyond the ca
pacity of many women whose virtue, as
the poet has said, is more in their mouths
than in their bosoms. The comedy of tne
fourth act Is so ordinary that it requires
all Mrs. Carter's skill to carry It off suc
cessfully; In the hands of most actresses
It would fall quite flat. Not so the tragic
climax of this act, which Is excellently
conceived and thoroughly well worked
cut so far as the part of Zaza Is con
cerned. The break with the lover being
Inevitable, it could scarcely have been
made more logically and more skillfully.
As to the resolution which Mr. Belasco
has given the play (act v). that seems to
me well enough, except that it weakens
what little regard we may have had for
Bernard and makes harder for us the al
ready hard task of believing In the in
tensity of Zaza's passion for a man far
more dishonest than herself. If she grows
better, he grows steadily worse: yet It
Is his Influence that Is supposed to elevate
her. I fear there are more things In
SUPERVISORS VOTE FOR
RACETRACK GAMBLING
MRS. LESLIE CARTER IS SEEN
TO GOOD ADVANTAGE IN "ZAZA"
¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1901.
WEDDERSTRAND'S CASE.— The petition of
Charles Wedderstrand for a writ of Injunction
to restrain the California Jockey Club and the
San Francisco Jockey Club from preventing
him from riding for various owners was on
anrument before Judre Sloss yesterday. The
petitioner's counsel -contended that the sus
pension of the Jockey was without cause or
riRht, but upon behalf of the defendants It
was asserted that the action of the board of
stewards must be sustained If It cannot be
shown that it was prejudice against th« pe
titioner, which. It Is averred, was not the ca«e.
Judge Sloss has taken the matter under ad
visement.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
soap is not- only the best
in all the world for toilet
and bath but also for shav-
ing. Pears was the in-
ventor of shaving stick
soap.
All sorts of people use Pears' soap, all sorts
of stores sell it, especially druggists.
nil iap These hotels pos-
H A I A Is r sess the attributes
J th3t tourist3 and
Qpri travelers appreciate
UlIU — central location,
PDA Mil liberal manag=-
UlinllLJ rcent, modern ap-
linTr I ft pointments and
HU I tLui Perfect cuisin-.
ii v i bi.v| . Arncrican and Eu .
Sail FrandSCO. ropean plans.
¦
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, on line of railroad, for
¦ale. Splendid chance for those about to
form an oil company. NEWTON. CAR-
MEN * SOMES (S. C. MASON, arent).
101 Chronicle bids:.. San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND' OPERA. HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
ALL THIS V/VEEK..
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT of th» Favorite
Romantic Actor.
MR. HOWARD HALL,
In the Drama of His Own Composition.
"A HUSBAND'S HONOR."
A Striking: Incident of the Piece Will Be Mr.
Hall's Entry Into a Den of Lions to
Secure a Lady's Glove.
PRICES— 10c. 13c, 25c. Me.
A Few Front Rows in Orchestra. 73c.
Good Rererved Seat in Orchestra at All Mat-
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE EMPORIUM.
NEXT WEEK— "AROUND THE WORLD IN
EIGHTY DAYS." .
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAY
AT 2.
CROWD THE HOUSE NIGHTLY.
"THAT'S ONE THING A WIZARD CAN DO."
WIZARD
V HE N1LE!
FERRIS HARTMAN as THE WIZARD.
"HOOT MON" WHELAN as THE KING.
POPULAR PRICES 55 and £0 cents
Telephone— Bush 9.
Pnone South 633
TO-NIGHT and Every Evening: This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY and SUNDAY,
Mammoth Production of Belasco and Fyles*
Great Military Play.
THE GRL I LFFT BEHIND ME
I roduced Exactly as Seen at the Academy of
Music. New York.
The Greatest tnd Most Elaborate Prodactlon
Ever Given in. This City. \.
First Appearance at This Theater of
I.ORENA ATWOOD and
CLIFFORD DEMPSEY.
DDirCC II Evenings 10c. 15c. Sic. 60c
rnlvCj i| Matinees 10c. 15c. 2Sc
jjg NEXT WEEK— "THE BLACK FLAG."
•VheatreTM>
, LAST WEEK OF
"What Happened
To Jones "
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Next Week— Augustln Daly's Countess Gackl."
PENNSYLVANIA. SYSTEM
of railroads.
Office, 80 Montgomery street. *
illiilt
]^ss^ - .' is only possible when your
feet are on the pedals, and behind the pedaU
the reliable
MORROW COASTER BRAKE.
Adds one hundred per cent, to the pleasure of
cycling. Sold by all dealers. Booklet free.
Eclipse Mfg. Co., Manufac'n, Elmira, N.Y.
For sale by all dealers ' in bicycle* :
and bicycle sundries. •
; Little Pills.
. 'Tljeyafeorriieve Distress from Dyspeorfai
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per. ¦
feet remtdy for Dizz!nes3, Nausea, Drowst
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain In the Side, TORPID UVER. Tbcj ,
Regulate the Bowels. . Purely Vegetable. 3
8maU Pin; Small Dose.
1 Snua!! P?igQ,'
AlffUSEMENTS. ,;
THIS EVENING I AND ALL. THIS WEEK. " '
Illtlllll • I Only Matinee Saturday, ¦ '
"A Truly Beautiful Story, ¦Welt Told." ""
MR. W. B. NANKEVIH.E PRESENTS
I lib VlLLAufc ! PRBSKXTED BT A ''.¦
n • ni^ftii »» CLEVER COMPANY .
PARSOiN. 1 OFPtAtEES. ¦
A play that is filled with intense human in-
terest. Beautifully staged. You will wish the
evening young, that you might see it over again.
EVENING S5r, -5Oc and TRc.
MATINEE 25c and 5Oc.
Next Sunday Evening. March ...3d— LEWIS
MORRISON'S Masrniflcent Prodactlon of
IT \ 1 [CT Company and Production • .
r/AUQ A Direct From' New York.
Phore South 770.
VTCk 1\1H"*HT AND ALi. THIS "WEEK. ¦ '
1 VF-I^IvIH 1 MAT. SATDAY ONLY.
THE BEST. GRANDEST. BIGGEST! .
rtL \M» rlLiL.LI MINSTRELS.
The Entire Performance New and Novel to.
This City.
BO-PEOPLE-'ALL ARTISTS— SO
SEE— The Novel Street Parade. Dally IX a. m. ;
Open-Air Concert. Albambra Entrance.
EVENING 3."»e. SO«- and TSc.
MATINEE l&c. 25c. :t5c and SOc. "
SPECIAL— CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Next Sunday Evenine. March 3d— LEWI3
MORRISON'S Magnificent Production of
TZ /*. I I CTT*-- -Company and Prortuctlon. ¦>
r/-\UO I ...Direct From New. York. *
v U bU awl S3 1 A tonra theatre
NOTE— No telephone or mall order* accepted.
EXTRA MATIINEE TO-MORROW '•'
In Addition to the ; • . '. •*
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
LESLIE GAnTEn .
After Her' London Triumph, j , ."?_
As ZAZA in,
DAVID BELASCO 1 S PLAT. .' I 3 :
(A Version of Eerton & Simon's Drama). . '
PRICES tt $160. H. 73c_and oOo
1 ; — ___ _ — — — ____^ —^— — — — _
VAUDEVILLE'S UST PROMINENT- °
HEADLINERS ! ; •
ROBERT HILL1ARD & CO.
KATHBR1NE BLOODGOOD.'
JOHN LE HAY. ¦ THE BROTHERS BARD. . '
A. L. GUILLE; DUMOND'S MINSTRELS.-
AL AND MAMIE ANDERSON. KELCEY
-SISTERS. THE BIOGRAPH.
Reserved Seats. 23c; Balcony. 10c; Oper»
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c. •
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday. ;
MECHANICS^ PAVILION
18 DAYS 16.
Commencing NEXT SATURDAY. March 1 ' '
Performances at 2:30 and 8 p. m. Daily.
NORRIS & ROWB'S .
BIG TRAINED ANIMAL SHOWS. .
••The mere I see of dog the less I think of
man."— Dr. Johnson. " '
300— PERFORMING ANIMALS— 300.
The Greatest Aggregation o f Educated Animals
in the World.
Elephants, Zebras, Goats. Sea Lions. Poniea,
Monkeys. Dors. Ant Eaters and Zebus.
First Time in This City of Mr. Winston and ,.
HSb Wonderful School of EDUCATED SEALS.
the Meat Marvelous Animal Act In the 'World.
HERR SETX.ER. the Famous German Animal
Trainer and His Small Clown Elephant.
A Grand Free Illuminated Street Parade Will
Ee Given Friday Night Ne*t at 8
o'clock. Bring the Children.
Seat sale opens at Pavilion Friday 10 a. m.
PRICES— ADULTS. 85c; CHILDREN. 10c
THE SAN FRANCISGO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFOKAN PARK.
Continuous Racing". Beginning Monday, F«bre«
ary 11. 1901.
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAT.
Six Stake Events. Three Hurdle Races and Six
Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OF THE DAT AT 1:10 P. M.
Trains leave Third and Townsend otreets fo?
Tanforan Park at 7. 10:40. 11:30 a. m.. 12:40. L i
1:30 and 2 p. m. Trams leave Tanforan Park
for San Francisco at 4:15 p. m.. followed after
the last race at Intervals of a few minutes by .
several specials. Seats in rear cars reserved for
ladles and their escorts. Admission to couns.
including railroad fare. $1 25. •
MILTON S. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWARD POWERS. Racing Secretary.
RACING! RACING! RACING I •
1SC0-WINTER MEETING— 1901.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY ¦
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs*
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
1?:JO. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
?ith trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladUs and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole conneot with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cara
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:13 and
4:43 p. m. and immediately after the last race,
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY/ Secretary.
THE HENSCHELS.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
THIS AFTERNOON at 3:15.
POPULAR PRICES. :
Reserved Seats. 50c, 75c. Jl. now on sals at
Sherman. Clay Co.'s. Sntter and Kearny sta.
PFQPHFRS CONCERT HOUSE.
Flechtl's Tyrolean Troupe. Antonio and Ccn-
chita Martinez. The Leonls. Rosco and ,81ms.
Ruth Nelta. Gertie Amsell and Hlnricha* Or-
chestra. Reserved Seats. 23c. Matinee Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.New York Stock Market.
•NEW TORK Feb. 23.— T>e stock market
msde a remarkable exhibition this morning of
fpasmodic strength, followed by a sar.;«-n re
lar*e,atid a period of undevlating dullness <md
drooping prices up :o the close. The principal
influence in the opening bulge w?i the many
ruiiicrs and circumstantial accounts of th«5
aHesed detail* of the eteel merger and the
terms «f exchange of the proposed new securi
ties for the existing stocks of the steel com
panies. This accumulation of conjectures ¦was
supplemented by reports of the proceedings t.f
brokers uptown during three Cays' Interval
while the Stock Exchange was clos«d. '• The
prices bid by some of these brokers for blocks
ft the steel stocks arjd the eales made accsrJ
ing to report cbout uptgwn hotels were cj!?u
iatod to exefte sj-eculai've cuDldity. The ex
cit..d bidding which was thus attracted ln the
op*n'.r.g dealings sent prices of the steel slocks
uji like -a rocket. Tin Plate was the most'iu
tatle in the wlUth of fluctuations. The block
was rushed 'up li ooixu* in a few minutes,
end alter dropping back was lifted again al
iriost tc> the toy -level, bat lt ultimately g*v«>
way with the whole market. The other Etsel
stocks, including both common and prefeired.
w*re u^ from 1 to nearly 6 points. These
prices brought !n. heavy realizing Kales at the
*ia!t. ¦ Tlie professional rocm traders wert ob
\1fusly disuosed to let the group alone, not
caring to compete with insider* ln pretensions
to accurate knowledge of the value of the
Mock. B<"gi<if-6 the in:lu«-nces which whipped
tbe steel stocks into effervescence, the inter
val tihee Thursday had reen the. publication of
the favoralilp bank tsiatement * of Saturday.
Traders bought stocks according to their ;n
verlable rule en the showing of an increa**- ln
the surplus reserve. Last week's gain in cash
Vas a c>~>d deal of a relief to the apprene:i
*lon resai ling the rnoney market. The
to the jeoent l-.»avy increasing tendency ln tH%
l<-.an !;«ra v.a« rui.orflcia!Iy regarded an favor
ebit. but the conviction that it was due to the
calling ln of limns placed In the 6tock market
led tu some later apprehension that • the pro
cefi ivonM be continued ln furth»>r pr«*i^\rnt!on
for foriioraiion financial operations. London
eent l:!;h«r i;r1c«* under the favorable lrt'.u
«iee rf the ncceaa r*-i)orted for the British
army in South Africa. These influence? '•ausird
•orre advances in the railroad l!rt of f r >ia 1
to 2 paints. A good demand developed Liter in
t»i»- day for the Southern railway sto<k.». nnd
ther? wer«- Isolated Instances of «tr«n;th
among some of the U-r* , important rallrcitl.*.
All r.ther ••on«i<3eraticms. however. vk-MM to
disappointment over t!w still further )r.5>:jx>n.»
mfnt of the official anncuncement (< ».he »<rms
of the Bteri ruerper an-J t-j growing fk-?piicij!m
fcs Ui (b* accuracy «.* reports already ranwnt!
WH5; the r<-;ict.ionar> tendency thus' <Je
vriniwrt there came rrnetve.i ap;irehension over
tl<« .-fftct "on th«« money market .»f the «eel
JTT»rgtr. Gains in th» railroad list were with «
trw rxt*pt1an» vjpfd out and some of thf moist
Important rteel- Ftr<cks i«»ll back below Thurs
da>'« l»v*<, stoel an<J Wire falling 4 points
i f i*<r :h«n Tbursnay'K rlope. National St?*l 2
JU-J National Ta'ae I*i. Tin riate reactoJ J2
r*>jr.t« from the ton an! '•lr^A.l with a net g'tin
OC nn'.j- 3 points. American Hoop rose to the
hf-st UX th* end with a nrt rsin of 0 woint*.
Th"r» was somftlilng ttiffenins- in the gro-.ir>
en fhr.rt covrr'nK at the close, but 'her* was
nothing left of the cnrly buojanci*. PaHfl?
UUI lost C, nn Fridays diss«ter off ..he Oold
«i Oat«>.
The bond m.-irUet was Inclined to Co off In
EASTERN MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 sr>v;
Sterling Exchange, sight — > * »s|4
Sterling Cables - « 89H
New York Exchange, sight — 1JH
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 22H
Silver, per ounce — ol 1 -*
Mexican Dollars, nominal.. 50 © 61
Wheat and Other Grains.
CALL BOARD SALES
WHEAT— The foreicn and Eastern markets
showed little change. Chicago was a shade
higher with a moderate demand. The w crowd
sold May. St. Louis wired the taking of
40.000 bushels for Antwerp, and the South
western exporters were reported buying.
The American visible supply decreased 146.000
bushels. The world's shipments for the week
were as follows, ln quarters; Russian. 200,000;
Argentine. 123.000; Australian. 49.000. The
quantity on passage increased 1.300.000 bushels.
The local market was dull, featureless and
unchanged!
Spot Wheat-Shipping, 55c; milling. 97V4c@
$1 C2H per ctL
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 4000 ctls.
Second Session— May— 2000 etls, 99*ic. Decem
ber— 2000. $1 04%: 10.000. $1 05.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 10,000 ctls, 99>4c.
December— 2CtO, $1 <M«i.
BARLEY— There Is nothing new to report,
the market being dull.
Feed. 72'^c for choice bright.. 70<f?71^4c for No.
1 and 671Ac for off grndes; Brewing and Ship
ping grades. 75<!TS0c: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second S"*sicn— No sales.
Regular Mornlns Sepsion — No pales.
Afternoon Session— 4000 ctls. 651c.
OATS— Dealers continue to report ; a. quiet
market. ' '.-¦* '¦¦ •
White. $1 2501 43: Surprise, nominal; Red.
$1 25®1 40 for Feed and $1 3501 43 for Seed:
Cray, nominal: lilack. for feed. $1 17V4tK 20;
for eep'l *1 2f*Tl SO per ctl.
CORN— Yenow, II Wi<8l IS; White, Jl 15;
Eastern mixed. 11 12'i per ctl.
RYE— Quoted at S2Vi@S5c per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Hay and FecdsiufFs
FLOUR— California Family Extras, f! 2T,Hf
$3 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 15®3 25:
Oregon. $2 75®2 S5 per barrel for family and
$2 7a<33 for bakers'; Washington, bakers'. 12 73
93.
M1LLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. 13 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, ?2 50; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra crenm do, $3 .V); IO.it Gronts. $4 DO: Hem
iny. W Z0Ui3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4^4 25;
Cracked "U r heat. *3 50: Farina. $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), |6 10
i57 60; in sacks, $5 7CffJ7 25; Pearl Barley, |3;
Split Peas, S.5; Green Peas. {6 SO per 100 lbs.
There were free offerings of Hay, but the
market kept steady. There was no change in
Bran.
BRAN— JiegiT per ton. '
MIDDLINGS— 116 GO<013 JO per toa .
FEF.DSTUFFS-RollM Parley. $16^16 50 -per
ton: Oilcake Meal nt the mill. $25tfJ26; Jobbing.
$2B £0; Cocoanut Cake. «7iS1S:- Corn Meal. $23
ffTIG SO; Cracked Corn, $23 50326; Mixed Feed,
nrai6. . . ,:
HAY— Volunteer. $5!gS; Wheat. ¦* I1KS13,
Wheat and Oat. $3©12: Oat, $9*311 50: Clover.
nominal; Alfalfa, $S©9 50; Barley, $7 5009 50
per ton.
STRAW-33!?J7V4c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There is a good demand for White Eea^s.
owlnR largely to the continued
purchases, and prices rule firm. '
*11KANS— Bayos. t2 MifZ 73: Small White.
U mm 90; Large White.' $4O4 25: Pink. J2 15«i
2 35; Red. J303 50; Blackeye, 13^3 25; Llmas,
*•> WJ25 70: Pea. cleaned up and nominal; Red
Kl'-fv. «¦:.«? 4 per ctl.
SLEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal: Flax. 12 BO-ffS; Canary. 3^@
«%e for Eastern; Alfalfa. "H'SS^c for Califor
nia and 95731,4c for Utah; Rape, 2@2Hc: Hemp,
ZMc: Timothy, fii^c, ». .
_DRIED PKAP— Nlles. $2«2 SO: Green. »2 70
@3 per ctl; Black-ye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onlcns continue t.o yield under more ample
receipts. There were' five : cars' of Oregon on
the market, and rales were at $4 25« I 50 per
£"' j wlth J° bbln *? sales at tl T3 from second
tianfiF. in addltlcn there were 120cases from
Australia. ¦•¦¦-¦ ¦ . ¦¦-
Potatoes rtood about as before. ¦
c^ !u araK i 1 . s and R h"barb were lower, and the
denuv ern Peetab!es nlso showed a weaker ten-
POTATOES— Early Roee, 63gTCc; Burbanks,
FOP.ECAST.
: ' San Freinci&cn data: Maximum temperature,
iZ: rr.inirhum, 49; raern, OG.
\V£ATH£R COXniTIOXS AND GENERAL
I .The r>rr»M"ure 'ha* fallen, slowly over the
psrtbfcpi half oC tt» Pacific Coast. It has risen
rapidly over Arizona and Southern California.
ClouJy weaiher prevails In the northern por
l>on of the State and "lipht ehowers are likely
t rtjm Caj<» Slendoc lno northward..
, Th»n- t.as b^tn.but little change in tempera
ture over the western J;alf -of the country. ¦¦
The r.vershave faJlen ln all mountain dis
tricts, but cortlnue h-.gh" in the basins. At
:-,-..vrsmer.to the rivsr )s.S.2 and- rising. The
highctt water on Ijecember 27. 1S32. was 28.6
; At« Pan Joaquin bridge the water has al
ready rwirlW a Ftege of 17.S feet and rising
flowiy. --.This is the ftishest ¦ water at this
¦p_>:nt.- At Mar>-svi;ie-. "M feet end falling. At
Red Bluft T6.6 -and falJins. At Colusa T5.6 anJ
riB.zxg uUrwiy. Al "VVcterford T.5 and falling
«io»1y.'- • . - : ¦•"¦•. -„ ¦ i .
.•-In the vicinity nf Byer Is'.asd. Grsnd Island
Erannan Jsiand, Bouidln Island and Twitchell
Island the water will probably rise still higher.
TfHching a crest Tuesday. ¦• ...
Forecast trrade at San Francisco, fo? thirty
h-iur?' ending rr,S<tr.iRht February 2S:
¦ Northern Califcrnia— Fair Tuesday, except
eJiowers in extreme ncrtherfl portion; lig-ht
¦ northerly winds. -
Fr>uI5i«>rn CalifoiTiia— Fair Tne«2ay; light
rjorther!}* w-imSs. . < * ;
•' Nevada— Fair Tuesday. " t
.Utah'-TCloudy Tuesday; colder' in northern
: portion." . - _ j -
'•.Arjiona-Falf Tuesday; llgbt northerly wind.
'-.Sail' Francisco, anfl vicinity — Fair Tuesday,
With J:ght fog in the mWntr.g; light southerly
Winds. ;¦ : ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
•„•• ¦'. ' " Forecast Official.
Foreign Imports.
• VFcTf.'.jST! lmpcrts at tin* port in January were
CSSO/fM, against J3.2."G,P00 ln Jar.uarj'. WCOi
the kadir.s—sources 'jeir.g as follows: Japan.
iycZ.ZZ<<: China, t TZ, 175: Great Britain, $S2.1C0;
Oenncny. J117.I30; France. $135,400; Central
America. J111.3W;- Ern:sh Columbia, "J160.S70;
South America. J155.i5.'>: East Indies, $i:3,300.
Dried Fruits in New York.
Mat! advices from New York say: "The
trade in rrur.?s on th? ppot continues of very
good prcportions, and there is some buying
froir. outsiders on the coast, rart'cularly of
j&'-TOf ar;ii other eires at which slocks here are
llgliieel. Kotblns further is heard of the in
yairief for five-oar and ten-car lots, which
\v?r»' a feature a week or M ago. These in
cuiries B«re ail from the same siiiyoe, a prora-
Inom wholesaler anl letailer. who was un
wi'hnp to take in g.xxis except at figures very
trurh unJer the li.iwe>t prices quoted. Unable
lo •scurf a. lioc)c. undT those Cv;nditio!is It Is
und-rftocd he contentoo himseif with about
a <-arlot. The blo>ok of five cars of association
jia<-kf»'d Santa Claras. « hicb are efTered on the
?jT'Ot at under tfce association prices is
mf^tinK with g<x>d ?ni". orders corning ln from
\sricui' farts of the country.
••California raistr:e are firm hut quiet. A
littio Juisintss is retorted in seeded. Imported
rajslns arc flat. Currants are unchanged, but
hnMiTf EbOV more backbone aod demand ap
i^ars to be picfclnx up- Arricots. peaches and
ci'jles are dull. P?a:s are about the sickest
£rtiole» on the li*t."
Weather Report.
<::C:h Meridian-Parlfic Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. «4— 5 p. m.
¦ Trie fnllowirj? are the seasonal ia:r. falls to
flat*, as crir.rared with those of same date
last KUCQ, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hourr:
Wheat— • March. May
Opening 5 nv - « ia
Closing 511?. 6%
PARIS.
_ Wheat— Feb. May- Aug.
Opting 19 S3 20 SO
Closing 1983 M
Flour-
Opening t 25 55 26 50
Closing 25 DO 26 60
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-dny the butter
market was active; creamery.* 145r22Ue*' rt^irv
10©19c. Cheese, quiet, 10U@U?ic. 7 Kggs Quiet'
fresh. 17%® 18c. ' -.'--.'
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Plnur. barrels 3S.0C0 17 CCO
Wheat, bushels ...........: SO.000 lSx'oOO
Corn, bushels 362,000 177'ono
Oats, bushels 337.CC0 "4'ouO
Rye, buEhels 2.000 "fi'000
Barley, bushels \ 38, CCO VoOO
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
No. 3 ppring wheat, 71©73c; No. 2 red 75%®
76%c. No. 2 corn, 39»;c:.No. 2 yellow, 39» t c
No. 2 oats, 24*i@27%c; No. 2 white, 26%®2Sc-
No. 3 white, 27%«52S%c. No. 2 rye, 52%c. Fair
to choice malting barley. 4S«c?55c. No. 1 flax
seed, *1 63; Nu. 1 northwestern, ¦ |1 65. Prime
timothy seed, ?4 40. Mess iwrk, per bb! iWi'e
14 C5. Lard, per 100 lbs. $7 I m,l 52%. Short ribs
sides (loose). $7 C337 30. Dry salted shoulders
iboxed). ««iir(6%c. Salt clear sides (boxed) S7 so
£7 CO. WhiFky. basis of high wines, « -7
Clover, contract crude. $11,
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
February 74% 74<* 74% 74Vi
March 74% 74% 74% 74%
May 76% 7G% 76% 76%
Corn No. 2 — :: * :
¦February .... .... "9%
March .... .... 33111
May 41% 41% 40% 41>i
February .... .... ¦ ?4%
May 26 26 25% 25?4
Mess Pork, per bbl —
February 14 CO
May .14 20 14 22% 14 15 14 2i)
Lard, per 100 lbs— •
March 7 50 7 62% 7 50 7 EI'A
May 7 57% 7 £7% 7 5S 7 £7%
July 7 65 7 63 7 62% 7 62' y
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
February * 7 10
May 1 7 15 7 17% 7 15 7 15
September 7 27% 7 30 7 27% 7 30
the afternoon, but retained a part of the morn
ing advance. Total sales, par value, $3,155,000.
United States refunding 2s advanced H and tho
3c M per cent on the last call. The new 4a
declined &
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
32.500 Atchison 00%
13,400 Atch'.son prefd ;.. 88
3.20O Baltimore &. Ohio :.. SS%
100 Canadian Pacific 90%
Canada Southern 56% !
700 Chesapeake & Ohio .. ZS'% I
SCO Chicago Great Western 18% |
24.0CO Chicago Burlington & Quincy.... ..144% 1
2.200 Chicago Ind & Louisville 23\ !
500 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd. 1.. 6S
€»n Chicago & Eastern Illinois .!..1O7
Chicago & Northwestern...-. : ..171
13.200 Chicago Hock Island & Pacific. -..123%
CCCiSt Louis 75%
1,106 Colorado Southern $U
400 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 43 j
l,«"0 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17% I
2.300 Delaware & Hudson 164U I
'Delaware Lack <S» Western ..194 I
2.000 Denver & Rio Grande 3$»i !
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 67
3.600 Erie ,.. 27*, '
3.200 Erie 1st prefd i.." 6J% |
400 Great Northern prefd 192
10" Hocking Coal 16
1.4f*) Hocking Valley ':.. 47
300 Illinois Central ..131
2,600 Iowa Central 25% j
300 Iowa Central prefd .'...54
Lake Erie & Western :... 41
Lake Erie & Western prefd I. .110 |
Lake Shore \..2U> l i |
7,9^ LouiFVllle & Nashville 92
1«.4» Manhattan L ...117% !
6.71V) Metropolitan Street Railway 161^ [
3.r*v> Mexican Central 17'« ,
7.2C0 Minneapolis & St I/ouis 77% I
Minneapolis. & St Louis prefd 106%
3.K-0 Missouri Pacific S6H
LOW Mobile & Ohio 7«is
3.4<v> Missouri Kansas & Texas 19** j
S.ioo Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd... 01*i I
2.2X) New Jersey Central 156% j
3.3^0 New York Central ...143% 1
1.5C0 Norfolk & Western 45'i
Norfolk & Western prefd 82^ 1
13,600 Northfrn Pacific S2=*«.
1.000 Northern Pacific prefd 87% J
5.7C0 Ontario & Western 31*g
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
5.5WI Pennsylvania 145
6,000 Reading 30H
3.400 Reading 1st prefd 70%!
3,100 Reading 2d prefd 41
. Rio Grande WeFtern 63
Rio Grande Western prefd — £3 I
13.400 St Louis & San Francisco 3o% |
ICt) St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd S1H j
7,900 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 63** j
6,200 St Louis Southwestern 25 I
5.S00 St Louis Southwestern prefd 55
15.000 St Paul 148. 1
St Paul prefd ls$Vi
St Haul & Omaha 123'i ;
K.S'Xt Southern Pacific 43»i ;
70.S0O Southern Railway 23*4 j
"1.200 Southern Railway prefd 76% j
3.700 Texas & Pacific 27% |
23.300 Union Pacific K5%
2,y00 Union Pacific prefd S4»4
1.200 Wahash 17
6,500 Waba«h prefd 29 7 4
709 Wheeling & Lake Erie 14
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd S0V4
1.C00 Wisconsin Central
Third Avenue 120 |
300 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 84% j
23,400 National Tube 61 :
4.6CO National Tube prefd 105*i i
: •¦ Express Companies—
Adams 150 :
American 1?2 j
United States 57
Wells-Fargo 13S
Miscellaneous —
100 American Cotton Oil 2S
American Cotton Oil prefd 85
., American Malting , ¦ 4»i
American Malting prefd 24
35.S0O American Smelting & Refng 50%
S.300 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 9"V«
'American Spirits 2
... American Spirits prefd 17
M.800 American Steel Hoop 34^ j
6.600 American Steel Hoop prefd 83*i j
10S.S00 American Steel Wire 44%
15.100 American Steel Wire prefd 9s l i I
80.100 American Tin Plate 68'j '
9.600 American Tin Plate nrefd 99% ]
32,000 American Tobacco 117^i j
American Tobacco prefd 140 1
4<*) Anaconda Mining Cp 44
8.200' Brroklyn Rapid Transit ">\ \
4.2IX) Colorado Fuel & Iron 43%
21.600 Continental Tobacco r... 47
609 Continental Tobacco prefd 96%
79.S00 Federal Steel 47%
70,4f>0 Federal Steel prefd 86% I
1.20O General Electric 213
200 Glucose Sugar 45%
100 Glucose Sugar prefd 92
300 International Paper 22
700 International Paper prefd 72
Laclede Gas 75 !
• 500 National Biscuit' 3SU.
:.. National Biscuit prefd 92%
SCO National Lead l.'.'j
500 National Lead prefd 82
40.000 National Steel 46%
12.500 National Steel prefd 101
3") New York Air Brake 154
2,000 North American 22%
....... Pacific Coast 52
100 Pacific Coast 1st prefd 86
-. Pacific Coast 21 prefd 62
2.100 Paclflft Mail 39%
3,100 People's Gas 100
600 Pressed Steel Car 36'i
1.000 Pressed Steel Car prefd 75%
100 Pullman Palace Car 197
100 Standard Rope & Twine 4
2.060 Sugar 1331^
1.C30 Sugar prefd 120
9.100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 53%
3.0C0 United States Leather 12%
1.000 United States Leather prefd 74>j
1.500 United States Rubber 19
200 United States Rubber prefd 60
1,200 ¦ Western Union 86*i
3.Q00 Amal Copper '. 90%
2,100 Republic Iron & Steel Co.". 14«<,
700 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 63%
C C C & St Louis C8
1,059,300 Total sales.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 103»i N Y Cent lsts 107U
U S 2s ref coup 105% N J Cenrren 5s...i3Hl
U S Ss reg Ill N Pacific 3s 71%
U S 3s.coup.s lll*i N Pacific 4s 10i'
U S new 4s reg. ...137% N Y C A SI L 4s.lOS
V S new 4s coup.. 127% N & W con 4s 101*1
U S olfi 4s reg 114 Or Nav lsts 109
U S old 4» coup 114 Or Nav 4? 104U
U S '.s reg Ill Or Short Line 6s...l2S
U S Ss coup Ill Or Short L con 5s..lJC
Dlst of Col 3.6Tis...l23 Reading Gen 4s 94
Atchlson gen 4s 103\ R G W lsts 100',4
Atchlson adj 4s... P2V. S L & I it con os.116%
Canada So 2ds 110 S L & S F gen 6s 12H>A
Ones & Ohio 4%s.,107 St Paul cons 1R4 "
Cbes * Ohio 5s 121Vi|S P C & P l.*ts....mV4
C & NW con 7s 140 (S P C & P 5s 120U
C & NWSFdeb Se.124 So Pacific. 4s yfc.
Chgo Terminal 4s. 97 So Railway ,'s 113%
Colo -Southern 4s.. S3 .Stand R & T 6s... 51V
! 1> & R-G 4s Itt Tex i- Pac lsts. ...117%
Erie Genera! 4* S3% Tex & Pac 2ds «.S
F W & D C lsts... 82},| Union Pacific 4s. ..106
Gen Electric 5s 161% Wabash lsts .113%
Iowa Central lsts..HS IWabash Ms no><,
L &.N Unl 4s 101 • West Shore 4s.;....li:.%
M K & T 2ds 7S Wis Cent lsts....... S*
M K &.T 4s T7 Va Centuries S5%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con JfliLittle Chief 14
Alice 40 Ontario 6 so
ISreece 1 SOjOphir 715
Brunswick Con 29 Phoenix 03
Comstock Tunnel... C4 Potosl j»
Con Cal & Va l*:i,Sa%age 10
Deadwood Terra — £0] Sierra Nevada.. ">()
Hm Silver ....S...1 Ismail Hopes ; 63
Iron Silver 65 Standard 4 15
Leadvllle Con <*'
BOSTON STOCKS AND JJONDS.
Money — Union Land 3
Call loans 3 #74 West End ss
Time loans 3%^4 Westinghouse Elec 5S-
Blocks— . Bond*—
A T &. S F 55% Atchlson 4s.. .ion;
A T & S F prefd. 87% N E Gae&Coke 5s. 6S«i
American Sugar — 135 . Mining Shares —
Am Sugar prefd. ..1*1 Adventure u
Silrcr lozccr. Exchange unchanged.
iVhcat and Barley dull and unchanged.
Xoihing new in Oats, Corn and Rye.
Hay and Fccdshiffs as prez'iously quoted. •
White Beans linn and in good demand.
Onions weakening, under better supplies.
Potatoes about as before. Southern Vegetables easier.
Cheese lower. Butter and Eggs weak and unchanged.
Game continues to arrive in bad condition.
Oranges lower under larger offerings.
Lemons and Limes firm, at good prices.
Dried Fruits as previously quoted.
Provisions stand the samt.
-\ 0 cnangc in the Meat market.
Good business in local stocks and bonds.
Oil stocks quiet and featureless.
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the s ? l ?s ln th „ _
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board ywawtojv^
Morning Session.
7r<> Ccn Cal A Va..l S0| 1<V) s,~' r>!rhe- «,
100 Occidental • 0<5 1W SI Her 1 111 1 1-
IB8SSK ::::::::::: S'^MIS^ ?
Afternoon S-ssicn
2TO Best &. Belcher 2t SCO Ophir w
SCO Con Cal & Va..l 73 w .
Following were the sales ta the Pacific
Exchange yesterday: ¦
Morning Session.
3nn B<»st & Belcher 27 ! JfO Ophir •*
400 Ccn Cal & V...1 80, 40O Ophir """ I?
600 Con Cal & V.I S2%' TOO Oph:r . iA
3C0 Con Cal & V.I 77%. 1200 Silver Hili"""" L,
2W Justice 05! 300 Union Con """ •*
200 Mexican 23 1 20* Union Con..';;" g
Afternoon Session.
200 Challenge Con. ISr 450 Ophir r*
400 Con Cal & Va.l 7,;! 300 Ophir ;i
152 C c & Va....l 72%; !00 Sierra Nevada.. 31
200 Con Cal & Va.l 7) 200 Union Con .... 2-»
100 Ophir 73! 400 Union Con. .... 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Feb. 23—4 v. m.
., . • Bid. Ask. t Bid. As*.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 63. 04
Alta C2 03 Kentuck OX 08
Andes C« 07 Lady Wash 01 "3
Belcher 14 15 Mexican 23 25
Best & Belcher 23 24 Occidental (¦§ r-M
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 7S •.- : r»
Caledonia ;o 74 Overman IS J«
Challenge Con.. 17 13 Potost 15 li
Chollar OS 10 Savage 13 U
Confidence 70 75 Scorpion . — en
Con Cal & Va..l 70 1 7>;Seg Belcher ... — ~ ; M
Con Imperial... 01 «2 Sierra Nevada. 30 SI
Con New York. 01 03'SHver Hill 45 47
Crown Point... 12 14 St. Louis — Ci
Eureka Con CS —Standard....... — 4 35
Exchequer 01 €2 Syndicate — (19
Gould & Curry. 2i> 23 Union, Con 23 24
Hale A Norcrs. J7 19 Utah ._. 0«» 09
Julia — 03 .Yellow Jacket.. 23: 29
Am Telephone 161 Bmgham 19*.
Boston vsfc Albany.. 254% Amalg Copper 509?
Boston Elevated. ..161 Atlantic T)
Chg-o. Bur & Q....144 Boston & Mont ?2>
Dominion Coal .... 35% Butte & Boston.... VI
£°. m «f oal Prefd...lO?»A Calumet & Hecla..S55
Federal Steel ....... 47 Centennial 24
.*. ed v. MeeI Pr*M-...-S6*; Franklin' 22%
titchburfir prefd....H2 Humboldt :... 50
General Electric... 212% Osoeola. hi
Elec prefd 1S« Parrot -J^
M Elec 111 240 Quincy ;.17J%
Mexican Central... 17V4 Santa Ve Copper.. 7%
•JE'iaj & Coke. 11 Tamarack 330
Old Colony 206 Utah Minincr 33%
Old Dominion 31% Wlnona «%
Ru bber is% Wolverines Si 1 /*
Union Pacific SS%
CLOSING,
Neiv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 25.— Money on call, steady
at 2 per cent; prime mercantile paper, 3%@
4% per cent. Sterlinj exchange firm, with
actual business In bankers' bills at $4 87% for
demand and at $4 S3v4@4 S4 for sixty days;
posted rates, $4 g4%#4'85 and $4 88® 4 S8%; com
mercial bills. $4 83Q'4 £3%. Bar silver. 61Vic.
Silver certificates, 61%@63c. Mexican dollars,
4S%c. Government bonds, strong; State bonds,
inactive; railroad bonds, firm.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business on the markets here was Impeded to
day by the approach of to-morrow's settle
ment. The news of Colonel Plumer's victory
over General Dewet served to strengthen Kaf
firs to-day but failed to stimulate them into
much activity, and had little effect on the
other departments.
Americans advanced quickly in the early
dealings on the favorable bank statement pub
lished in New York last Saturday, but al
though New York at first accepted higher
prices, in the subsequent transactions the in
fluence of New York was adverse. Union Pacifies
especially weakening. In" the street, however,
there was a recovery all around, influenced
by the receipts of better quotations from Lon
don. There is no present symptom of a cheap
ening of money rates, as heavy calls are due
after the coming settlement.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Feb. 23.— Atchlson, 5S: Canadian
Pacific. 93; Union Pacific preferred, 90; North
ern Pacific preferred, S9; Grand Trunk, 7; An
aconda, 9. Bar silver, 2S l ,4d per ounce. Money,
4@5 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 23.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $130, GOO, 000 gold reserve .in the
division of redemption. rhOT.-s: Available cash
balance, $145,065,795; t'olfi, $78,063,014.
New York Grain and Produce
NEW YORK. Feb. 15.— FLOUR— Receipts,
31.219 barrels; exports, L7.19S barrels; inactive
but steady with wh?at. . - •."
WHEAT— Receipts, f.0,400 bushels; exports.
2S9.1S6 bushels: spot. lirm: No. 2 red. Sl%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 79%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, £~%c t. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, il%c I. 0. b. afloat. Options
opened firm at a net rise of He and further im
proved l-16e, but then dropped back under
local selling In the absence of outside specu
lation. The early improvement was partly due
to favorable cables anl small Northwest re
ceipts. Shortly after midday the market Im
proved again on covering and finally closed
steady at net unchanged prices to ?»S advance.
March. 79^79^, closed nt 79%c; May, 80 1-16^
SO 9-lCc. cIomhI at SO^c; July, 79%S80%c, closed
at 80c.
HOP?— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
LEATHER— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE-Spot Rio. firm; No. 7 Invoice, 7%c;
mild, steady: Cordova, 8>©12c. Futures closed
6teady In tone with prices net unchanged to
1* points higher. Total sales were 04.750 bags,
including March. $6 20; April. $6 20; May. $6 25
<36 30; June, $6 25; July. $6 80^6 35; September,
?6 40; October, $6 35f6 40; November, $6 40; De
cember. 16 Ll>: January. IS 60.
SUGAR— Raw. steady; fair refining, 3*«c;
refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, *9S5 packages; flrmpr;
fresh creamery, Ii(fi24c, June creamery, 15@
20*20 ; factory. 115/ 15e.
EGGS- Receipts. 67Z-0 packages; firm and ac
tive; Western, at mark. lS*i@19c; Southern, at
mark, l&@lS%e.
DRIED FRUITS
Trading in the market for evaporated apples
continues nominal ' anO the feeling barely
steady, though prices were maintained. Ex
porters bought sparingly. State common ¦ was
quoted at 3-%<J?4?ic; prime, 4»i@5c; choice, 5%g>
6c; fancy, 6Q7c. California dried fruits were
Inactive, but about steady.
PRUNES — 3U@8^4c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS—Royal, 7?i@l2c: Moorpark, 8>i
f 15c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14'<?lSc; unpeeled, 6%@10c.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
CHICAGO. Feb. 23.— Cor^ was an active and
somewhat Imposing market. The market was
mostly a professional one. governed by ,sentl
ment rather than any deductions from the
news. The bull and the bear leaders worked
vigorously for b une time with success perch
ing first on one banner and then on the next,
while the crowd followed. May opened un
changed to Me higher at 41%@41%c and quick
ly touched 41*i(fJ4l%c under good commission
house buying, led by outsiders. The bull
leader took in half a million bushels of May
on the rise, but the commencement of liqui
dation and short selling by bears forced the
market back to 41%c. The market then ral
lied, but broke immediately to 40%c. At the
close May was easy, >,;c lower than Saturday,
at 41V«c. Under the influence of steadiness at
Liverpool and bullish statistics wheat opened
firm. May a shade to »i?i%c higher at 76V4@
76%c. There was a fairly active trade for a
few minutes, but when outside orders were
filled the market became a featureless local
affair and lost some ofc its strength. May
dropping to 76%@76>4c. The strength devel
oped by corn caused covering by shorts on the
decline and May rallied to 76%c. Heavy sell
ing sent the market back to 76V»c The close
was steady. May He higher at 76Vi®76%c.
Oats were fairly active in appearance, but
the. volume of business transacted was light.
May closed a shade lower at 25%@25T4c
Provisions were 'i»let. but the market hud a
firm undertone based on light hog receipts and
higher prices at the. stockyards. May pork
closed 5c higher, lard 2',ig5c up and ribs 2%c
improved.
The leading futures were as follows:
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Feb. 25.— CATTLE— Receipts, 16,
600, : including 600 Texans." , Good : to choice
steers, strong to 10c higher; common and me
dium, steady. Good to prime steers, $4 95@
6; poor to medium, $3 50@4 90; s stockera and
feeders, $2 75@4 50; cows, $2 60@4 30: heifers,
$2 60@4 50; canners, $2i32 55: bulls, $2 40@4 20;
calves, $4® 6 40; Texas fed steers, $4@4 90;
gra&Sers, $3 35<§:4; bulls,' $2 50@3 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 30,000: to-morrow,
32.000; left over, 2300. Market 5@10c higher.
Top, $5 60. Mixed and butchers', $5 40@3 60;
good to choice heavy, $5 50@3 60; rough heavy,
$5 35(5?5 45; light, $5 35*35 E5; bulk of sales, $5 50
@3 55.
SHEEP— Receipts, 15,000. Sheep, strong to
10c higher. Lambs, steady to strong; .good to
choice wethers, $4'J5; fair to choice mixed,
$3 60Q4 10; Western sheep, $4@4 65; Texas
sheep. $2 50@3 65: natlv* lanjbs, $i 253'5 25;
Western lambs, $5@5 35. :
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.—The local market for
tin, though displaying a; weak undertone, with
prices about 15 points lower than the previous
day's close, was not active. A lack of spec
ulative interest, together with depressing in
formation from London, caused the decline
here, the market closjng easy at $26 75'g'
26 87%. with sales reported at the former rate.
The close at London wa : s £121 5s for spot and
£116 10s for futures. Pomestlc Iron markets
were dull , and featureless again to-day and
prices were nominally . unchanged at $9 w
10 50 for piglron warrants: Northern foundry,
$15<gi6 50; Southern foundry, $14 50@15 7o. and
Southern soft, $13@15 7c. Copper was some
what lower In .London; spot closing at £70
17s 6d and futures at £11 8s 9d, but the local
situation remains practically unchanged. The
nominal basis at the close to-day wffs $17 for
Lak« Superior and $16 62% for casting and
electrolytic. Lead and spelter ruled dull and
unchanged at $4 37% and $3 9"%®4 02% respec
tively.
New York Cotton Market.
Visible- Grain Supply.
NETV YORK, Feb. 25.— Better Liverpool ca
bles than expected, with a small port move
ment south, gave' the market a steady start
with prices 1 to 5 point? higher. But the out
sid© support soon ceased, the English market
took a list to the bear side, and liquidation
set in. Prices were sensitive to the changn
in affairs and before midday had not only
lost the opening Improvement, but were 5@7
points lower than Saturday's closing. Prices
fell several points further, with the market
showing marked weakness. The close waa
steady with prices net 8(314 points lower.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, February 23, as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange, is as fol
lows: Wheat 57,536,000 bushels, decrease 146,
000 bushels. Corn, 18,218,000 bushels, increase
187,000 bushels. Oats, 10.857.000 bushels, in
crease 265.000 bushels. Rye 1.156.000 bushels,
decrease 1S.0OO bushels. Barley, 1,650,030 bush
els, decrease 19,000 bushels.
Foreign Markets.
CLOPING
LONDON, Feb. 25.— Consols, 97%; Silver,
2SUd; French rentes, l')2f 20c; wheat cargoes
on passage, rather flrmor: No. 1 Standard Cal
ifornia. 29s; Walla Wiilla, 23s 9d; English
country markets, dull; imports into United
Kingdom, wheat, 238,000; imports Into United
Kingdom, flour, 244.000; wheat and flour on
passage to United Kingdom. 3,533.000; wheat
and flour passage to O>ntinpnt, 1.0S0.OOO.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. JS2 — Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6» 3Hd(36s 4d; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Pe-ris, dull; French coun
try markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 ll-32d.
WHEAT— Spot— Dull. No. 1 California, 6s 2d:
No. 2 red Western vMntcr, 5s HVid; No. 1
Northern spring, 6s .'. 2%d. Futures-Quiet.
March, 5s ll%d; May. 6.$ %d.
CORN— Spot— America^ mixed new, steady,
3s lid: American mlxejl old, steady, 4s. Fu
tures—Quiet. March, 3s 9%d; May. 3s 9Tid;
July, 3s 10%d. •"
FLOUR— St. Louis fsney winter, steady, Ss
6d. .
HOPS— At London— Pacific Coast, steady, £4
(gi-0 ISs.
Portland's. Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Fel). 25.— Clearings, $42,109;
balances, $73,298.
FOR MONDAY. FEBRUARY 25.
Receipts of Produce.
Flour, qr sks 1.730, Sugar, sks. 500
Wheat, ctls 212.507 Leather, rolls.... 102
Barley, ctls 70.667jLlme. bbls 228
Potatoes, sks 5.1T>| Tallow. . ctls 12
Onions. sk» l,330|Pe!ts, bdls ;--M
Hay, tons 513[Hldes. No 4.7?3
Straw. * tons 35|Wlne. gals 95,6-0
Wool, bales '¦ 3 i Quicksilver, flsks 21
Bran, ske _ 33,Beans. sks 260
Middlings, sks.... lOOl
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 2.897 1 Potatoes, sks 1.773
AUSTRALIA.
Onions, cases 120 1
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a brisk business on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange. The sugar
stocks were easy, Makaweli selling off to $44
and Hutchinson to" $25 12'.4. There were small
transactions in Oceanic ut J62E63. Contra Costa
Water was higher at 185 25 and Gas and Elec
tric at $49©49 12VS. while Giant Powder was
weaker at $82 73.
On the morning sessicn of the Producers' Oil
Exchange there was a slight Improvement In
Reed at 69c, the other stocks standing about
the same. Afternoon prices were not rna
terlally altered.
The following were ex-dirldend yesterday:
Hawaiian Commercial. £0c; Makaweli. 50c.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Feb. 25—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS,
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Ask.
U S 4s coup. ..114 114% US <s cp (new)137%133
Do 4s reg....H4 114%' Do 3s coup... 110% 111%
Bay C P C 5s.lO5»4 — Oak W Co Si. - 101
Cal-st Cab 8s. 116 — Oceanic SS 6s.l96 106%
C C Water 6s. — 109 Om Q R 6s.... 129 —
E L & P 6s... 128 133% Pac G Imp 49. — 100
F & Cl Ry 68..114V4 — Pk & Cl R «s.lO5 —
Geary-st R Ba. — — Pk & O R 6s.. — —
Haw C 5%s....lO8H — Powell-st R 6S.I2014 —
Do 5s 105H — S E G & R Ss. — 9*H
L A R R ES...112HH2X 8 F &8 J V 5b.120«4121
Do gntd 6s.. — 104. B R of Cal 6s.. 110 —
Do entd 6».. — — S P of A 6s.. .112 — '
L A P R 5s...l01%102H S P C 6s (1905 .
Markt-st C 6s.l26 — Series A) UOH —
Do 1st c 5S..124 — Do (Series B)110% —
N C,N G R 7»— 113% Do (1906) 113V—
N R of Cal 68.113 — Do (1912) 122% —
Do 6s 120M121 S P C 1st g os.106^ —
N P C R R 6S.10H4 — S P Br R 6s. .132 —
Do 5s 108 — 3 V Water 6S..115U —
N C R R es...lll 112 Do 4s 104 104H
O G L & H 5s.ll3 — Do 3d mtg...lO3 —
Oak Tt Co 6s. 117 — Stkn G ft E 6s.lO3!4 —
WATER STOCKa
Contra Costa.. 69 63% [Spring- Valley. — 93
Marln County. 62% — |
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P..'. 3 — IPac Lt Co 43% 44V4
Eqult Gas 3% 4 (Sac E G & R. — 37H
Mut Elec Lt.. — 8%|S F G & E-... 43% 49'4
O G L & H.... 50 — (San Francisco. i\ 4%
Pac Gas Imp.. 44% 45 lEtktn G & E.. — 11
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. — 250 )
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo Cal 77 — Lon P A A. ...144 150
Bank of Cal. ..410 — Mer Ex (llq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep.. — 106% S F National. — 123
1st N of S F.. — 312%
SAVINGS BANKS.
German — 1S00 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt .....— — f Security 273 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust... ¦— —
S F Sav U....612% —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California-st .. — 137M; O S L & H 40 —
Geary-st 47%— Presidio 20 —
Market-st ; 69% 70V>
POWDETt STOCKS.
California 150 — IVlgorit *% 1%.
Giant Con S3 S3V»I
sugar; stocks.
Hana Plan..... — 8^!Kilauea — 22%
Haw Com 84 87H Makaweli 43% —
Honokaa 32% 33 j Onomea -29 — i
Hutch- S P 25 — Paauhau 33'4 33% !
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska P A.... — 123«-i, Oceanic S3 Co. 62% 63%
Cal Fruit Can. — 102 Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co.153 —
Mer Ex Assn.. 102% — Parft Paint Co 12% —
Morning Session.
Board— •>'
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 12150
10 Contra Costa Water 69 25
$1000 Hawaiian C & ft Co 5s 105 50
50 Honokaa S Co 32 62%
100 Hutchinson S P Cc 25 12%
125 Hutchinson S P,Co 25 23
25 Hutchinson S P Co 25 50
43 Hutchinson S P Co 25 75
$1000 Los Angeles R'y 5.« 112 50
£0 Makaweli 44 CO
75 Market* Street Railway 69 50
65 Oceanic S S Co..^.: 62 00
15 Oceanic S S Co... 62 50
13 Oceanic S S Co..l .- 63 00
$2000 Oceanic S S bonds 10« 73
75 S F Gas and Electric Co 49 00
110 S F Gas and Electric Co 49 12%
JMOOS PcfA bonds.....; ......112 25
25 S V Water 93 50
$100 U S 3s (coup) Ill 00
Street — . - ..,,
24 Bank of California 410 M
. Sale on Account—
100 Giant Powder Con S2 73
Afternoon Session.
Board —
25 Contra Costa Water 69 23
SO Giant Powder Cor. 83 25
50 Hana Plantation Co 8 50
15 Hana Plantation Co 8 37%
$1000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 105 50
$S0CO Hawaiian C & So Co 5s 105 23
715 Hutchinson S P Co 25 00
41 Market Street Railway 63 50
30 Oakland Gas 50 tO
70 Oceanic S S Co 63 00
25 Oceanic S S Co 63 25
CO Oceanic S S Co 63 60
20 Paauhau S P Co S3 5O
75 Pacific Gas Imp 44 50
ISO S F Gas and Eljctric Co 49 00
160 S F Gas and Eleotric Co ..'49 25
53 S V Water 93 00
Street—
$5000 Northern Cal Ry It 112 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
43 Blue Goose » 5 00
100 Central Point Con 2 00
&00 Four Oil Co 69
ICO Hanford- Fresno-Kern River, cash .. 23
20O Home Oil : 4 30
30 Junction SO
700 Lion Oil Co 22
15C0 Lion Oil Co 21
100 Monarch at Arizona 6S
20 Monarch of Arizona 66
100 Monte Cristo 2 50
1C0 Occidental of W Va , 63
600 Oil City Petroleum 31
25 Peerless 8 23
100 Petroleum Center IS
liOO Reed Crude Oil Co 63
50. San Joaquln Oil & Dev 12 00
lOO Sterling 3 00
Afternoon Session.
200 Aetna : 33
10 Blue Goose 4 75
50 El Dorado ....' 1 75
22S Four Oil Co 5J
300 Four Oil Co' «o
CCO Four Oil Co, s 90 59
100 Gold Dollar 40
500 Gold Dollar ; 41
5 Hanford 101 CO
3 Hanford 100 CO
¦100 Junction 71;
10O Junction . 73
11C0 Lion Oil Co 21
50 Lion Oil Co .'. 20
150 Monarch of Arizona gj
200 Monarch of Arizona gj
1000 Oil City Petroleum 30'
3950 Petroleum Center L js
31U Petroleum Center 15
500 Petroleum Center, b 30 15
3000 Petroleum Center, cash 15
1S0O Reed Crude. Oil Co §9
ICO San Joaquln Oil & Dev 12 no
|0San Joaquln Oil & Dev \ iz 12H
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE. '-
Morning Session.
500 California-Standard «
1C0 Columbian r>
200 Four Oil Co ].... 59
1. Hanford r 103 00
50O Lion OH Co 21
500 Lion Oil Co, s 90 20
200 Petroleum Center, b 30 1J
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 San Joaquin Devel Co 12 23
.TM California-Standard 35
1200 Four ¦ Oil ' Co 63
3C0Gold Dollar ...* 41
1300 Gold Dollar 40
600 Gold Dollar .' S3
4C0 Gold Dollar 42
1 Hanford ". 103 ix>
1C0 Junction : 75
400 Junction 77
1300 Lion Oil Co .. : 21
100t» Lton Oil Co*, s 30 20
CO Peerless 8 60
S00 Reed Crude Oil Co 63
300 Vesuvius 51
20O Vesuvius '. 52
4CO Vesuvius '¦ S3
.500 Vesuvius Si
300 Vesuvius 54
• PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Feb. 25—2:30 p. m.
35@S0c for River, $1@1 20 per ctl for Sallnae
and SOcfgtl for Oregon; Garnet Chiles from
Oregon. 65<&7:>c: Sweets, 76cira$l for Merced.
ONIONS— $4 2<.@4 50 per ctl; Cut Onions, $2
@3 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 7(312%c; Asparagus,
lQ017J$c; Green Peas, 3@Sc for Los Angeles
and Ec for Bay; String Beans, 10©15c; Cabbage.
$1; Tomatoes. Los Angeles, 50c@$l 75 per crate;
from Mexico, 75c®$2 per crate; Egg Plant, Los
Angeles, 15c per lb; Green Peppers, Los An
jrele.3. 10®20c per lb for Chile and for Bell;
Dried Peppers, 10@>18c ; Dry Okra, 25c per lb:
Carrots. 25<g35c per sack: Hothouse Cucumber*.,
$1(??2 IS per dozen; Summer Squish, $1 50^2 per
boxi Garlic, 303V^c per lb; Marrowfat Squash,
$30 per ton;- Mushrooms, 12HS^5c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Game arrived In bad shape, being mostly
spoiled. Some sacks were, hardly opened. Re
ceipt* were 109 sacks. The general range of
prices was lower. For tainted stock no rea
sonable offer was refused, and some Mallards
and Canvasbacks sold down to $!.'
Two cars of Eastern 'Poultry came in. Prices
for local stocks .were nominal, as usual on
Monday. ¦ - . . .
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 12<f?13c for Gob
blers and 12@14c for Hens: r>r»««rd Tu^Vfjrn,
; Geese, per pair,- $1 50)32; Goslings.
J2 50@2 75: Ducks. $4(f?5 for old and $6®7 5t> for
young; Hens. $5@6; Young Roosters, $>5@
6 60; old Roosters, $4(J?4 03; Fryers, $3 50@6;
Broilers, $5@5 B0 for large and $3 5004 50 for
small: Pigeons, $1 25(^1 SO per dozen for old
and it S-102 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Quail. 50cf?i$l 23; Mallard, $2®3 50;
Canvasback. $2®5; Sprig, $1@2 50; Teal, $1@2:
Widgeon, $1«T1 50; Small Duck. $1: Black Jack,
$1 25; Gray Geese, $3 50; White Geese. %in\ 50;
Brant, $1 60 for email and $2 for large; Honk
ers. $3<S4 50; English Snipe, $2 50: Jack Snipe,
$1 50; Hare, 75c@$l; Rabbits. $1<?1 23 for Cot
tontail and 75c for Brush; Pigeons, per
dozen. • „ ;
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Everything was quoted weak on the Ex
change, and Cheese was again marked down.
Receipts of Butter were heavy, as will bo
eeen, and there was a car load of Cheese In
from the East. There are no outside ordejs
of any consequence on the market, though a
few Eggs are going north. Stocks of Butter
and Eggs are large and accumulating. •
Keeetr>ts as renortfd by »h» Dalrv 'Ex
change were 65,900 pounds of Butter. 1404 Cases
Eggs and 6170 pounds California Cheese and
20,000 nounds Eastern Cheese.
MUTTER—
Creamery — Extras, 19c; firsts, 17c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts, 14c; seconds, 12c;
store, lie.
Storage — Creamery extras, — .— : firsts, ;
seconds. ; dairy extras, .
Pickle, per pound.
Kw. P«"r pound. .
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9%c: choice,
8^c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 10c;
HuBiern, full cream, 15©16tic per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected white, 13c; mixed
colors 12c. per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 12c; standard.
; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern — Fancy, ;' standard, ;
seconds, ' .
Storage— California fancy ; standard, ;
Eastern fancy, ; standard, ; seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges are declining under heavy receipts.
Th<> auction sale3 were at lower prices, offer
ings being 9 cars, mostly In poor condition.
In addition there were four or five cars on the
outside. The auction prices were as follows:
Fancy Navels, $1 15@1 75; choice do, 80c(f?$l 65;
.Standard do. 6.Vrti$l 13; Seedlings. oo'SSOc;
fancy Lemons, $1 40.
Arrival of 213 boxe3 fresh Mexican Limes,
and they are already pretty well sold at the
good prices below. Lemons are quoted some
what higher. In sympathy with Limes.
There is no change in Apples and Bananas.
1JECIDUOUS FRUITW
APPLES—SStfCoc per box for common. 75CQ)
$1 60 for good to choice and $1 75tf2 for fancy.
PEAHS— «c@$l 60 per box. *
CITRUS FRTTTTS — Navel Oranee*. tt^:
S"fdllngs. 5Oc<5?$l 25; Tangerines, 73c@$l 50;
Japanese Mandarins, . $1@J 50: Irfmons, Jl®
$1 23 for common and $1 50<j?2 25 for good to
choice: Orar>e Fruit. 5Octff$2: Mexican Limes,
$7 .'Off 8; California Limes, 75c®$l; Bananas, 50s
fff$l per bunch for Island and $1 2501 73 for
New, Orleans; Pineapples, 75c@$2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
New York continues to report a good de
mand for Prunes, with Apples, Peaches and
Apricots dull, and Pears "the eickest thing
on the list." Otherwise there is nothing new.
FRUITS — Apricots, 6£Sc for Royals and 10*0
10%e for Moorparks: Bvapcrated Apples. 40
6%c: sun-dried. lH©2»ic; Peaches. 3j?3Hc for
standard. . 4®4V4c for choice, and . 6©6c for
fancy: Penrs. 2i37c: Plums, pitted, 4©5c; un
pltted. l®l!4c; Nectarines, 5®jHc for red anJ
t\i@6c for white.
PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 sire?. 8c; 30-40s, 7c;
40-50s, fi',ic: DO-Ms. 4Vic; C0-7Cs, 3*ic; 70-SJs, 3^c;
SO-908. 2>ic; 90-lOOs. 2Hc; I00-120s. H4c: rubies.
'*c premium: Sonomas. %c and San Jcaqulns
l /4c less than Kanta Claras, except 100 and over,
which *tand th- same.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thonipson'e fancy. 12c per lb; choice. Us;
standard. 10c: prime. 9c: unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10»ie p.-r
lb: choice. OHc: standard. 8%c: prime. Sc.: un-
Meache«1 Sultanas, Sc; Seedless, 50-lb boxes.
6%c: 4-crown. "c: 3-crown. «4c: 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brnnd. 2-crown. r.c: 3-crown. 5Vic and
4-crown. »Hc: seeded (Fresno prices), fancy.
IG-ounce. 7c: 12-ounce. 5'4c : choice. IS-ounc'",
f.%r: ]"-o»ince, 6Vlc: London 'Layers. 2-crown.
$1 50 per bo*: 3-crown. $1 SO- Fancy Clust»r*.
$2; Defces-a. $3 50; Imperial., $3. All prices f. o.
b at common shipping points In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. S«flOc per lb for Italian:
Walnute. No. 1. 'Boftshell. JOc; No. 2. 7Hc:. No.
1 hardshell, 9%c; No. 2. 7c: Almonds. 12@13o
'for papcrshell. 9«illc for softshell: Peanuts. 5
<ftfic for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts,
13c Pecans. ll<S13c: Cocoantits, $3 RQS5.
HONKY— Comb. 1314014c for bright and 12H
<f?13c for llrht amber: water white extracted.
7>*c; light amber extracted. 6V4©7c; dark, 6@
CV.C v*r lh.
BEESWAX-:4g«Cc per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— naeon, HiSll^e ™>r lb for
heavy, 114«12c for light medium. l'ViCTWc for
light. 13Vi©Hc for extra light and l."<©15«4c tot
sugar-cured; KRStern "sugar-cured Hams, 12c;
Jlrss Beef. $12 per barrel; extra Mess, $13:
Family. $14: extra fine Pork. |15(f?15 .'0; extni
clear, $19 50©20: Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c
per jx'und.
LARD^Tiercew quoted at C%0<i\c per lb for
compound nnd 9VJc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9Hc: m-lh tins. 10c: 5-lb tins, lOHo.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 8>4c: three
half-barrels. 8c; one tierce, 7;,c; two tierces.
7%c; five tierces, 7*Vic per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDKS AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted steers.
9'^lOc: medium. 9c: light. SffSHc: Cow Hides.
SHc for heavy and 8®SHc for light; Stags, C»
C4c: Salted Ktp. 9c; Salted Veal. 9®10c; Salted
Coir. 10c: Dry Hides. <15UA16c: Culls. 13H@14c:
Dry Kip. 15fJ16c: Dry Calf. leg^c: culls and
brands. 14<gil5c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@30c
each: short Wool. 30JM0c each: medium, 60@75c:
long Wool. 73c@$l ench: Horse Hides, salt. 12 50
©2 V> for large and $2®2 2S for medium, SI 25 fo
small nnd GOc for colts: Horse Hides, dry. II 75
for l.irRe, $1 CO for medium. $1 25 f,cr small ar.d
00c for colts. Deerskins— Summer nr red skins,
35c: fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin
rklns, 2flc. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c;
lanre nnd *m"Oth. COc: medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4H<3<%c per lb:
No. 2. 4{?4Vjc: crease. 2®2»$e.
MfOOI*— Spring clip is quotable" «s follows:
Northern, free. 15<<$16c: Northern, defective, 123
Ho: Middle County, free. 15ffZ16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 'lSiglle: Southern . Mountain. 11
months'. yfli fi c; Southern Mountain, free. .7
frnonths', Il(ffl2c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 9@llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno. 46
@17c: Nevada. 13<f?16c t>er lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln; 6<4<9Sc:.<3o lamb*. 8@
?c; Middle County. fl@10c; Northern Mountain,
free, -10<fiIlc; .Southern Mountain, ""itJS'.^c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@12c per lb. '
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market,
. There Is no further change tn anything. '
UEEF — "ific for Steers and 6i&"Hc per'.u for
cows.
VF.AT.r- T-arire. 7@Sc; small. 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 10@10>4c; Ewes, 10c per
pound. ¦ -
• LAMB— H*4$ti:c per lb; spring, 12»i®Uc per
pound.
• PORK— Live Hops, 6Vlc for small and 6^c for
medium and 6c for large; stock Hoca, 5^c
feeders. 5Uc; dressed Hogs. S®9i4c.
General Merchandise.
r?AGP— Pnn Bj»<r«. t~ *'•' , C a | — itti
Grain Bags. June, and July. 6\i(Ztt%~ : local
make, 6%c; Wool Bags, 30'3'32Hc; Fleece Twine
COAL— Wellington. $9 . per ton; SouthHeld
Wellington, IS;: Seattle. $7; Bryant. »7; Coo»
liayy $5 bO; Wallsend, $3; Co-operative Wjlls
end. $'3: Cumberland.. $12 In bulk, and. J13 »3 i n
racks: Pennsylvania Antracite Egg. S14; Can
i<el, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
(17 In sack*: Rocky Mountain descriptions $$ 4>
per 2000 pounds and , *S 50 per ton, according
to brand. • - '¦¦-¦¦
SUGAR— The Western Sugar' Reflnlns com
pany quotes, per lb.Mn 10O-lh hnns:
Crushed. 6.2ac; Powdered.- 5.R5c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.S5c; Dry Granulated. 6.71c; Confec
tioner*' A. 5 76; Magnolia a. 5.35c; Extra C.
&. 25c: Golden C. 5.15c: barrels." 10c. more; half
barrels. ¦ 2Jc more: boxes, GCc more; M-lh bags,
10c more. No .orders taken for less than Tj
l-nrrels ' or Its equivalent.- ¦ Dorninos, half-bar
rels, 6.50c; boxes, C.'Jc per lb.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1901.
LOCAL MARKETS.
8
¦;•"-,; STOCK. I. Did. I Asked.
¦ ¦ _ __„ t i t
American Fuel & OH Co.. J6 _
Blue Goose : • ' <M 4 73
Buckhotn — 3 50
California-Standard 3S j»
Caribou ¦ 65 70
El • Dorado 175 '
Four Oil Co : 53 60
Elanford 101 On . io; r.o
flanford-Fresno-Ktrn River .: 23 ¦ 23
Home Oil 4 25 4 30
bicmo^take — 10 r.o
Independence ....* IS is
Kern Oil Co 10 15 10 50
Lion Otl Co jo 21
Monarch of .Arizona 6s 63
Aetna 32 —
Tentury -60 SO
rontincntnl I — 1 CO
El Oro -.
Gold Dollar...:* ....
McKlttrlck «...
Thirty-Three Oil Co
Monte Crlsto ;".
Occidental of W Va :..:
Oil City Petroleum
Petroleum Center
Re«»d Crude :
Sterling O & D Co
Twenty-Eight ¦
Westsbore
B'ack Jack '..... "i
Bear Flag .'""I
California Mutual
Ccntraf Point , ][[[
Peerless '.'..'
Fenator "
Superior .'.'.'.'.'"i
Wolverine ' '/ _' ;
32
12 00
- fs!
= !
32
1 75
i CO
K
IK j
12 «2H
• te
Ji:
-. i&
Vi '¦
3 10
1 95
4 SO
1 r.
33-.
: o>v ;
* oo
2 f«
1 it
s.
;2« H
¦s S
This
Season.
| Last
j Seasor
.02
3«.:i. ;
I 33.82
.... i.r
... Tr
16.10.. i
[ 13. S7
.00
.00
1S.0* i
; 15.11
t " 6.21
.00
.00 .
.00
,00' ¦
o.€S
TIM
12.61
8.53
j . 2.U
12.66
i 4.57
I 2.65
1 2.C3
s.
;2« H
¦s S
This
Season.
| Last
j Seasor
.02
3«.:i. ;
I 33.82
.... i.r
... Tr
16.10.. i
[ 13. S7
.00
.00
1S.0* i
; 15.11
t " 6.21
.00
.00 .
.00
,00' ¦
o.€S
TIM
12.61
8.53
j . 2.U
12.66
i 4.57
I 2.65
1 2.C3
El Oro -.
Gold Dollar...:* ....
McKlttrlck «...
Thirty-Three Oil Co
Monte Crlsto ;".
Occidental of W Va :..:
Oil City Petroleum
Petroleum Center
Re«»d Crude :
Sterling O & D Co
Twenty-Eight ¦
Westsbore
B'ack Jack '..... "i
Bear Flag .'""I
California Mutual
Ccntraf Point , ][[[
Peerless '.'..'
Fenator "
Superior .'.'.'.'.'"i
Wolverine ' '/ _' ;
32
12 00
- fs!
= !
32
1 75
i CO
K
IK j
12 «2H
• te
Ji:
-. i&
Vi '¦
3 10
1 95
4 SO
1 r.
33-.
: o>v ;
* oo
2 f«
1 it
¦;•"-,; STOCK. I. Did. I Asked.
¦ ¦ _ __„ t i t
American Fuel & OH Co.. J6 _
Blue Goose : • ' <M 4 73
Buckhotn — 3 50
California-Standard 3S j»
Caribou ¦ 65 70
El • Dorado 175 '
Four Oil Co : 53 60
Elanford 101 On . io; r.o
flanford-Fresno-Ktrn River .: 23 ¦ 23
Home Oil 4 25 4 30
bicmo^take — 10 r.o
Independence ....* IS is
Kern Oil Co 10 15 10 50
Lion Otl Co jo 21
Monarch of .Arizona 6s 63
Aetna 32 —
Tentury -60 SO
rontincntnl I — 1 CO
OCEAN TBAVEL.
. ; _ ; .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. ,
tr. Steamers Ieav« Bm*iTrzr\
wharf. San Francisco: • j ¦
fg^^_ For Alaskan Port*— 11 a. m..i
WjM^Sfcfct Feb. 25. March 2. O".ar.*» t'i'
pO^w company's steamers at S*ut<L
¦K^SS JCT- For Victoria, Vancourer (H.l
fijNaZS>fg9a C). Port Tnwusfnd. S-att.e.I
f^^^St Sfll raconrca. Kvprett. An.v^r'fjj
-h^jjm 4n( j j; ew Whatcom CWash.)— '
11 a. m.. Feb. 25. Mfrrh 2 tnd
every fifth day thereafter. Change *t Sea'.tla
for this company's steamers for A!» c ka and
G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma. tb) N. P.
Ry. : 'at Vancouver to C. P. Br. •
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— I p. m.. reb.;C
27. March 4. and every fifth day thereafter
For San Dlero. stopping oniy at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Lo« Angeles and Redondo ( r /oa
Angeles) — Steamer Queen. 'Wednesdays. 9 a. ™. :
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. !
For Santa Cnn Monterey. San Simeon. C^y*
ucos. Port Harford <San Ln!s Ob!spo>. Gavtins.
Funta Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro, j
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and N«wpo.*t—^
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m. ; stearner*
Bcntta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m. v^
For Fnsenada, Majrrtalena Bay, San Jcse 3fl
Cabo. Mazattan. Altata. La Paz. Santa RossMia
nnd Guaymas (M«x.) — 10 a. m.. Tth each month.
For further Information obtain compariy'B
folders.
The company reserves the right to ch«*»co
•tearnera. sailing: dates and hours of sai'jr.g
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montffotriery
street fPalace Hotel).
GOODALU PERKINS « CO.. Gen. ArtB.w
10 Market St.. San Franctso.
THE 0. ft. & H. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADE SIS First Class Including Berth
1 MnC S3 Second Class aod Meals.
COLUMBIA Sail* Feb. «. Mar. «
anXt.-W. ELDER Pall* Fteo. 17, XT. Man, •
Short Line ta Walla Walla, Spokane. Butta,
Helena ' and all points tn th* Nortlrweat.
Through tickets to all point* East.
E. C. WARD, O«neral Agent.
630 Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner Flr»t and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, catling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of ralltns.
PS. AMF.HICA MARC Friday. March IS. 1901
PS. HONGKONG MAKU-.Tuwday, Aoril ft. 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 3. 1901
Rocnd-trlp tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
tt\ Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
oceanic xs. to. ssg&sa
SS. MARIPOSA <Honolulu only)..
Saturday. February 23. 2 p. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. March 6. at 9 p. m-
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. March 13. 4 p. m.
J. D.SPBECKLU BEOS. CO., Eueral Agents. 327 Hartrt St
Seo'l Pasangsr Cffice, 643 llarkit St., Pier Ko. 1. hit St
AMERICAN LINE.
•riV TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. L05TJ1W. V\-Zl\
Stopping at Cherboursr. westbound.
From New York Every "Wednesday at 10 a. m.
St. L"Uis... Mar. 13 ?t. Louis April S
New York.. Mar. 20 New York April 10
Vaderland Mar. 27 Vaderland April 17
RED STAR LINK.
New York, and Antwtr*.,
From New Tcrk Every Wednesday, 13 Noon.
Westernland ...Mar. 13 Friesland April S
Kensington ....Mar. 2fl Southward April 10
Noordland Mar. 2" Westerland April 1?
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO... , «
CHAS. P. TAYLOR. General Agent.
Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery »t.
PANAMA R, R. ~
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. *1OS: Steerage, ?*f>.
S. S. St. Paul sails Tuesday, March 6.
S. S. Argyll sails Tussday, March 10.
S. S Roanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
From wharf, foot of Lombard St.. at 1 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 230 Market st.
. F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACiriC STEAM NAVIQATI05 CO. AJTO
C0KPANU SCO AJISRICASA D5 TAFO^S
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American- ports. Sailing:
, P3 COLOMBIA March 7. 1VII
SP. TtTCAPEL - : -.March 20. 1WU
PS. AREQUIPA April 4. Wl
SP. LIMARI April 17. 1301
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. t.Vf>
| change at- Acapulco or Panama. > Freight and
passenger office. 316 California street.
• BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agent*.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBrRO.
Columbia March 2lDeut»chIand ...April IS
A. Victoria April lllColumbla May S
Twin-Screw Passenger Servtc*. •
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
•Phoenicia March 2! Waldersee March 18
Patricia March 9. Pennsylvania March 30
• "Sails to Hamburg direct.
Hornburn-Pmarlcan Line 37 B'woy. N. Y
HERJ5OO & CO.. General Agents for Paclfla
Coast. 401 California street.
C0MPAONIS GENERAL*. TRAN3ATLAKT1QDS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursdav Instead of <fvJ\Tn
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 12.
North River, foot of Morton street. First clas*
to Havre $55 »nd upward. Second class to
Havre. $43 ami. upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 3J
Bromiway fHudntn building). New York. J.
F. FUQAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. J
Montgomery avenue. Pan .Francisco. TlckeU
sold nv aU'Rallrrwd Ticket Agent*. . ;r. » ' *
BAY AND RIVEr""etEAMESsT
F£R U. S. UAYY YARD AND VALLEJO.
• •£»«-—»- •?•<» ..^.jf; ••
* . . i
MON;. Tue».. Wed., Thurs. uxi Sat. at 9:4J •
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (n. .Thursday night): Fri-'
days. 1 p. m." and 8:50; Sunday*, 10:30 a. m. i
p. m. 'Landing and office. Mission-street 'Dock..'
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 15C3.A man must* have a conscience In order
to detect the wrongs of his neighbor.'
Boy Burglars' Problem.
The police are puzzled to know just
what to do with' Paul Werner and Arthur
I>ir»pcl. thu two boys who committed bur
plary. arson and highway robbery. Friday
and Saturday fast. To i-end them to the.
BOTiT and. Girls' Aid Society would be no
3'Urishmf r>i and they could only bo con
lined tliere for a few months. An effort
¦tviil be made, notwithstanding their youth,
to gtnd, them to a reform school,- where
thf>y would, be detained till they t.rc 21
years of ago. Captain Seymour says it is
th* worst caso of vouthful depravity that
has tome under -his observation.
Old Convict Trying for Freedom.
James Martin, a convict at Folsom, who
was arrested ten years ago on a char<o
of having burglars' tools in his possession
and who when arrested attempted to mur
der the oflicer who took him into custody,
.was brought down to tne County Jail yes
terday on a writ of habeas corpus. Mar
tin was tried for havmc the tools in hte
possession and for attempt to c6mmlt
murder. lie was found gnilty of both
charges and was sentenced to five year,i
on one charge and ten years on the other.
He, now, claims that he is entitled to froe
dom In that both sentences commenced
a't the same time. His rase" Is- to be heard
before the Supremo Court to-day.
HAWKINS CONFIDENT HE
WILI, DETEAT McFADDEN
"It's amuslnff to hear reports about
McFadden. the man I'm going to meet
on Thursdav nigrht," said Dal Hawkins
yesterday. "In the Bast he is known as
the 'Mocker,' and has the reputation of
being able to guard himself against a
man no matter how speedy, strong and
aggressive he may be. But mark the pre
diction, I've a new punch on tap for the
' block er." I'm se'rious, and If ' I don't
knock his block off I shall be sadly mis
taken. I've watched McFadden fight of
ten, stad I believe I have him sized up
pretty ivell."
IlAwkihs Js In first-class condition. One
month a£& he settled down to hard work
and has trained faithfully under the
watchful ej e of Teddy Alexander.
Herr von Heinmann.
BERLIN. Feb. 25.— Herr von Heinmann.
professor of history at the University of
Tubingen,' Is dead.
J. C. Williamson, the well-known.theat
rical manager of Australia, arrived here
Sunday nnd registered at the Palace.
Williamson is best known as an actor in
"Struck Oil." which was produced In the
early seventies at the old California
Theater. He was the comedian in John
McCullough's company from 1371 to 1874.
He has been in the Antipodes for a period
of twenty-two years and controls three
theaters in Melbourne and Sydney, be
sides having interests in several others.;
This is Mr. Williamson's first visit to San
Francisco In eleven years. He goes to
London from here, and after remaining
In Europe for three months will return to
Sydney.
Actor J. C; Williamson Hers. •
HEXNER TELLS OF
DISEASES AND GERMS
¦ "University of Pennsylvania Prcf essor
. Entertains Large Audience at
Academy of Sciences.
• Dr. Simon. Hexner of the University of
Pennsylvania addressed a large audience
in the Academy of Sciences' building last
night on *'I>efense Against Disease." The
lecture was an Interesting 'one and the
ruhject was handled by the doctor In a
manner that showed a de^p research into
th« cause and off<?ct of disease.
Dr. Hexner paid that a great deal of
disease .was caused by Hips, mosquitoes
end other insects. He stated that very
often diFC-ase was caused by the insects
Ceding on decayed bodies and spreading
the cerms of the disease that caused
death by means of the bites they inflict
<>ri human being*. The doctor also said
that epidemics which caused the death of
ro many. Irrespective age, were due to
tha strength of the microbe causing tho
dlp-^ase. which was much greater than
that of the rnlcrobe or germ which de
rdoped the diseases familiar to cvery-day
life.
WILX CONTESTED BY
RELATIVES IN SWEDEN
Through Bepresentative in This City
Suit Is Brought to Recover
Zrickson's Property.
The contest of the will of the late Larus
Erickson, who died December 31 at the
CoFmo House, on Sansome street, was
called for hearing yesterday In Judge
Troutt's court. At the time of his death
Erickson possessed property valued at
JIO.GJO, all of which was devised and be
queathed to Mrs. Annie J. Armstrong,- an
alleged friend of the deceased, living in
the house where he •'.Sed. The signing of
the will was alleged to have been wit
nessed by Adrian Cabrol and Frederick
Delmas.
The contest to the will was filed hy At
torney Stevens, who represents relatives
of Erickson. who reside in Sweden.
At the hearing yesterday H. E. Thomas
of C25 Pine street testified that on the
2&th of December, at midnight, he wrote
the will from a rough draft furnished him
by Mrs. Armstrong. The witness was re
quested yesterday to make another copy
of the will from the same rough draft.
When" he completed his task various dis
crepancies in spelling appeared. The case
goes uii again to-day.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
SMUGGLED CIGARS SEIZED. — Customs
searchers seized on the Panama steamer Colon
yesterday 8900 cigars that had been seereted In
tho crew's quarters.
" SCHOONER MARY BUH.VB LIBELED.—
John Weaver, a sailor, filed a libel yesterday
in the United States District Court against the
schooner Mary Buhno to recover $1500 damages
for personal injuries.
THE "HONEY BOY" SENTENCED.— George
Kvans. known as the "Honey Boy," an ex
convict, -was sentenced by Judge Mogan yes
terday to twenty-one months in the County
Jail on four charges of petty larceny.
SUDDEN DEATH OF MRS. TERRELL.—
Mrs. May Terrell of 526 Kearny street died sud
denly last Saturday night. She had been ailing
for a long time, and had told her husband that
if it were not for the children Bhe- would com
mit suicide.
DEATH DUE TO NATURAL CAUSES.— W.
H. Sears was taken to the City and County
Hospital yesterday afternoon from a lodging
house at 869 Market street. He was very ill,
and died a few hours after reaching the hos
pital. The doctors state his death was due
to natural cause's.
TTVO INSOLVENCY PETITIONS.— J. B. L.
Brandt, attorney at law, San Francisco, filed a
petition in Insolvency yesterday In the United
States District Court. He owes $38,079 and has
no assets. William H. Wheeler, carpenter. San
Joge, also filed a petition. He owes 11906 'and
has no assets.
father Mclaughlin to lecture.—
Rev. Thomas P. McLaughlin. the eloquent
lecturer and singer, will deliver a musical
lecture on "The Melodies of - the Church" in
Metropolitan Hall on Friday evening, March 8.
The lecture will be under the auspices, of the
Catholic Truth Society. is.
"CAPTAIN WILSON" CONVICTED.—Wil
liam Waldeck. who represented ¦ himself as
"Captain "\V. Wilson" of the United States
army and obtained from Clabrough,- Golcher &
Co. two revolvers on February 7, which he
pawned, was convicted by Judge Conlan yester
day on the charge of obtaining goods by false
pretenses and will be sentenced to-day.
RECKLESS DRIVING.— John Cotter was
charged with battery at the City Hall station
yesterday for drivinc his horse over a
woman at the crossing of Grant avenue and
Market street. The woman, Mary Alton, aged
60 years, was in the act of crossine the
street when. Cotter's horse knocked her down
and the wheels of the wagon passed over both
legs, causlne several contused wounds, which
were treated at tho Receiving Hospital.
ALLEGED THIEF CAUGHT.— Frank John
son, aged 17 years, was arrested by Police Of
ficer Porter of the Seventeenth-street Station
yesterday while trying to dispose of a stolen
bicycle. Johnson's account -of the, ownership of
the wheel was not satisfactory and he was
locked up pending further investigation. A
young man named John Klrwanacke later re.
ported the loss of his wheel from the Chronicle
Office about an hour before the arrest of John
son. The wheel claimed by Johnson was iden
tified by. Kirwanacke as the one lost by him
and Johnson was charged with petty larceny.
LEAGUE ELECTS OFFICERS.
Committee Will Urge Mayor Phelan
to Veto lngleside Ordinance.
The Municipal Law and Order League
met last night in the lecture-room of the
Tt. M. C. A. Auditorium and appointed a
committee to urge upon Mayor Phelan
the vetoing of the ordinance passed to
print by the Board of Supervisors yester
day,' which is designed to permit racing
and gambling at lngleside.
Some of the members expressed them
selves strongly about the passage of the
ordinance and said that the three ap
pointees of Mayor Phelan voted solidly
for the ordinance. This caused a general
laugh.
• Chairman Bell named Messrs. Bane.
Doane and Fisk,.F. L. Turpin, I. C. Tru
man. E. C. Gilbert. W. M. Woodworth
and W. M. White to lay the grievances
of the members regarding tho licensing
of gambling before the Mayor, and to ask
him to exercise his executive power
against the ordinance.
¦A lively contest ensued over the elec
tion of the executive committee. Nine
members were named by the nominating
committee, and two others were suggested
at ths meeting. The result was the se
lection of Messrs. "Work, Patterson,
Doane, Bane, Rogers, Thomas, . Wood
worth, Pond and Jacobs.
The first pupils' recital of the new Cal*
ifornia Conservatory of Music was given
last night at Sherman & Clay Hall. The
hall was crowded to Its utmost capacity
by friends and admirers of the young per
formers, who rewarded their musical ef
forts with many beautiful flowers and
hearty applause.
•The programme was well chosen and the
work of the students of unusually high
average. Miss Joai? Coonan. for a clean
and intelligent rendering of Beethoven's
"Variations" In F major; -Harry Factor,
with the De Beriot "Air Varle," sixth,
and Miss Lily Han3en In the Grieg piano
concerto, carried off the honors of the
evening. The programme -wa3 -under the
direction of Otto Bendlx and Nathan J.
Landsbergcr, whose r>upils only took part
in the affair. The following, numbers were
given: . .
Variation* In F major... Decthovea
Miss Josle Coonan.
Romance for harp and violin...-. ;Oberthur
(1) Mlsa Strella Lesiynski. (2) Mrs. ft. J. ,
Landsberger. > " '¦
(a) Scarf dance Chamlnade
(b) "The Chaw" Rheinberger
Miss Lydla Retnstein.
Sixth Air Varle ...: ..De Beriot
Harry Factor. ;¦;*. *.« ¦
Sonata for piano and violin Schumann
Second and third, movements.
' Miss Clara Hirschfeid. Nathan J. Land*
berger. .; ..'
"The Wanderer" f antasie. . .; :." Schubert
Second and third ' movements; -
Miss Alice B. Toklas. ~ • -
Second piano, Otto Bendix.
(a) Maiurka Wlenlawrtl
<b) Spanish dance '...:.:*,....Sarasat»
Mrs. S. R. Leon. • .
Piano ooncerto - ;...« Gri^f
First movement. ".. * ¦ •','•; '. •
Miss Lily Hansen. , •¦ '.'•
Second piano. Otto Bendiz. ; ¦ > ¦'. '
Sonate for piano and violin.. .Rablnsteta
Adagio and allefrro.
Mrs. S.T. Inman. Nathan J. LandsbergeT.
California Conservatory Recitals.
CTJBAU CAMPAIGNERS ;
'¦ '•¦ ". •'¦•" ARRIVE AT PRESIDIO
Battalion cf Tenth. Infantry A'wait3
"in Model Camp Transportation
" : :-; • to Bt&nila. '. •
Cotsranies A, B, C and D. comprising
the . r irst Battalio-n of- the Tenlh Infantry,
arri""« i ct The "Presidio yesterday morn
.-ir.g ?.::d- were assigned quart-ers in Jlodel
;.:Cam'p. formerly occupied' by" the Tliirty
eeventh Volunteer -Infantry. The battal
j ion }£;in:conW7}and 'of Colonel- Lincoln- and
¦=¦ ¦ 3Iajor -.Brown. The company, officer's are
': '•¦-Captains' jj»-im5ck, Phillips.' and Murphy
.ind ¦ Lieutenants Jones, . Berry, 'Young,
"•¦JarrettC Peck and Lee- The hospital corps
.'is. under Acting Assistant Surgeon D[avid
'¦'geitL.' '
¦'."• Tfte Ter.th Infar.try served all through
'¦ the Ojban campaign, making for Itself an
enviable -record. At the. close of 't-he
.Cuban wan- tbe f-egiment was ordered
¦ back to Montauk Point, where for a- few
".months the men were gJven time to re
¦ .cuperate. They were not long idle when
'•¦-T'Tdens. were received a^sisrnirig the regi
.'• fiienr to garrison duty in Cuba. This duty
: .thf y perfomW with great satisfaction
until the receipt of orders sending them
• to Mar.Iia. The battalion will await the
ttrriraJ of the Third Battalion of the
Tenth-, which is due here any day, and
¦. •with it will rail for Manila. " ¦
¦ "Lieutenants RaJstcad and Pershing--ar
rived at the l*TeFiaio late Sunday night
with a detachment of 3-iS recruits from
Columbus Barracks, Ohio. The men are
destined for service in tbe Third Provis
.-"loiial Battaiion and the First Provision
al Squadron of cavalry, now being formed
at the Presfdio.
James J. Coy.ne, private. Company M,
Forty-sixth Infantry, c?ed yesterday at
the General Hosaitai. ' . •,-.-¦¦-•.•
. : Arrangements have been made for the
burial of the remains of .forty soldiers at
the Presidio to-day. The bodies of twelve
soldiers' will also be shipped to various
poims in the East, they having been
claimed by relatives.
The body of Trooper "Flint. Sixth Cav
• airy, was shipped to River Falls, Wis
;.con6in, yesterday. Flint was the soldier
who njet a mysterious death -in the woods
.at the Presidio last week. His remains
v/ere escorted to tbe entrance to the Pre
eidlo by Troop F, in which he served.
MANILA, Feb. 2o.-Rev. Father Me-
Klnnon, who was formerly private secre
tary to Mgr. Chapelle, and who is now
pastor of the Ermita Catholic Church, in
formed a correspondent to-day that there
were more than 800 native priests in the
Philippines opposed to the Federal party,
and that these would refuse to adminis
ter the sacrament to Federalists, because
they believed the Federal party, to be
merely a cloak for Protestant attempts to
weaken the power of the church of Rome.
He referred to the Federal party as
"Resting on an insecure foundation and
destined to crumble soon," and asserted
that the Methodist and Presbyterian mis
sionaries were using unfair means to in
duce Filipinos to leave the Catholic faith.
He assailed the character of Senor Buen
camino and other evangelical leaders, and
contended that only by securing the co
operation and good will of the padres
«*ould the Americans make permanent
progress in the Philippines.
Senor Tavera, president of the Federal
party, when the views of Father McKln
non were brought to his attention, replied:
j "So much the better, as it will bring the
matter to an issue."
When asked whether the members of
the party would not leave it if they
learned that membership involved their
church standing, Senor Tavera replied:
"They probably would if that were true,
but I believe only a small portion of the
priests would exclude people from their
church privileges for such a reason. We
Filipinos did not make an issue of separa
tion of church and state. This was de
creed by the United States conjtitutlon.
Nothing else is tolerated under American
sovereignty. Whether Federalists approve
cr not, they cannot bo loyalists and yet
oppose that doctrine.
"If the Catholic authorities are not will
ing to accept it, they are not patriotic.
The Federal party may disintegrate after
civil government is generally established
in the Philippines, but the principles of
peace under American sovereignty will
not disintegrate."
Senor Tavera asserted that the Feder
alists who had relatives and friends
among the prominent insurgent leaders
were endeavoring by correspondence to in
duce them to surrender, although thus far
without result.
Some employers of native labor allege
that the natives are gathered by the Fed
eralists wholesale, without any explana
tion of the principles to which they ure
subscribing. Ordinarily the natives are
easily led by their accustomed leader, but
the movement for peace with the United
States has authority and great moment,
and it is now generally understood and
approved by the natives. .. : l •;.•
Chaplain Fitzgerald administered the
oath of aJlegiance to 200 Ilocanoa at a
church in Vigan on February 22. and a
parish priest at Santa Catalina adminis
tered a similar oath to 70€ natives on Feb
ruary 24. ¦•
Father McKinnon's State
mints as to Conditions
. in Philippines.
PRIESTS OPPOSE
FEDERAL PARTY
NEW YORK. Feb. 2o.-Unlted States
Commissioner Shields to-day directed that
Benjamin D. Green and John F., Edward
H. and William T. Gaynor. indicted for
conspiracy to defraud the United States
Government, snould be removed to the
Jurisdiction of the United States court in
Georgia. , ;
The frauds are alleged to have occurred
in connection with the Savannah harbor
improvements, which work was done un
der the supervision of Oberlln M. Carter,
formerly captain in the United States*
army. Commissioner Shields said:
"A careful examination of the evidence
and the briefs establishes, in my Judg
ment, that a case of probable cause has
been made out, requiring defendants to be
held to await a warrant of removal to the
Southern District of Georgia, being the
district In which the indictment was
found. The defendants are, accordingly,
held to await a warrant of removal to be
issued by the United States District Judge
from the Southern District of New York,
or to be otherwise dealt with according to
the law."
No similar proceedings before a United
States Commissioner produced such an
enormous amount of evidence.
Application will now be made to Judge
Brown of the United States District Court
by District Attorney Erwln of Georgia for
a warrant for removal to the jurisdiction
of the United States courts in Georgia.
This application will be opposed by coun
sel for the defendants.
Captain B. D.» Green and John F. Gay
nor are now under $20,000 bail each.
The defendants were indicted in Georgia
December 8, 1899, in connection with the
conspiracy charges against Captain Ober
lln M. Carter in the case of the United
States Jn the matter of harbor and river
improvements on the Atlantic seaboard.
Ten days later proceedings for the de
fendants' removal , were instituted here
before Commissioner Shields. The hearing
lasted for six weeks, during which the
Government Introduced oo evidence. Then
the defendants were held for removal, and
application was made to Judgo Brown for
a warrant of removal. This application
was refused, the refusal causing consider
able surprise. Judge Brown held that the
indictment* was an ex parte document,
and that its mere existence was- not suf
ficient to establish probable cause. He
therefore sent the case back to Commis
sioner Shields.
July 6. 1900, the taking of testimony was
again begun by the Commissioner. With
but few intermissions the hearing contin
ued until November last, and it was not
until January 20 of this year that the
counsel concluded their summing up and
submitted their briefs. The testimony em
bodies over 500P typewritten pages. There
were oyer a hundred witnesses examined
and there are thousands of exhibits at
tached to the records of the case.
Shields' Opinion in thi
• Case of Green and the
G-aynors.
GEORGIA COURT
HAS JURISDICTION
SAVES INDIAN BOY FBOM
TORTURE . BY TRIBESMEN
Captain Cantwell of the Nunivak
Breaks Up ft Pow-Wow and
Protects a Youth.
VICTORIA, B. C, Feb. 25.— A strange
story of superstition and curious customs
of the Northwest Yukon Indians is
brought from the north by the steamer
Amur. Captain Cantwell of the United
States revenue steamer Nunlvak, while
at Nulate early this winter, came upon a
crowd of Nulate Indians holding a pow
wow near that village, and he went over
to the "Illahee" more out of curiosity
than anything else, but on arriving found
that he was Just in time to save an In
dian boy from an awful fate..
The toy while out In the woods with a
companion had accidentally shot and
killed him, and when he came into the
village of his tribe and reported what he
had «lone the Shameen or head man of the
tribe was called and ho ordered the boy
seized. The pow-wow was then called,'
and when Captain Cantwell arrived on
the scene it had been -decided that the
only way to make things even for the
death of the boy was to give the boy who
killed him over to the parents of the one
killed, or else to take his life. The boy
had been led into the center of the crowd
by the father of the dead child, and there
was much confusion. It being immediately
after the decision of the Shameen.
It was at this stage that Captain Cant
well arrived, and as there was no one else
present to prevent murder he did so, and
stepping forward to where the boy 'was
held he informed the Shameen and the
rest of the Indiana present that the
United States Government would not al
low such acts to be committed, that if the
boy was guilty he would be punished by
law, and the Government would do the
punishing. If any one else dared to harm
the boy, he said, the Government would
catch him and hang him if it took -years
to do it. The boy was given over to the
protection of the captain, and the Sha
meen was so thoroughly frightened that
he has disappeared.
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. Zo.— Summary:
. Six furlongs, sclllnsr— Allone won. Kiss Quick
second. Juaneta third. Time. l:lS>i.
One mile, selling— The Elba won. Cogswell
second. Sara Gamp third. Time. 1:45%.
Six furlonjrs— Curtsey won, Irene Lindsay
second. St. Bluff third. Time. 1:19.
One mile and a quarter, handicap— Joe Col
lins won. False Lead second. Hood's Brigade
third. Tim©. 2:13^4. •
Six and a half furlongs — The Bronze Demon
won.' Animosity second. Empress of Beauty
third. Time. 1:25.
Seven furlongs— Uterp won. Henry of Frans
tamar second, J. H. Sloan third. Time. 1:31
Hamilton Sentenced.
MINNEAPOLIS, Feb. 25.— Frank H.
Hamilton, convicted cf manslaughter in
the first degree, was to-day sentenced to
seven years' hard labor at the State pen
itentiary at Stillwater.
Monument to Baker.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 25.— Senator Luk
ens to-night introduced a bill appropriat
ine $25,(K>0 for the erection of a monument
or statue to Colonel E. D. Baker in Golden
Gate Park. '. ". '
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Antonio Maria Esquivcl.
DTXON, Feb. 25.— Antonio Maria Esqui
vel, one of. the oldest Spanish pioneers oi
the State, died to-day of pneumonia on
his ranchero, nine miles west of Dixoi.
lie was 76 years of age. Mr. Esqulvcl
came to California on August 10. ISM. At
one time he owned 24.900 acres of the best
land in Solano County. It was at his
house that the old Spanish families ami
their descendants assembled each year to
enjoy the Spanish festivals. He nev.-r
married. He Is survived by one brothci,
Disdero Esquivel.
Dr. Charles P. Amet.
WAUKEGAN. 111.. Feb. 23.— Dr. Charles
P. Amet, once a colonel in the United
States army and apartlclpant In the early
campaigns in the West, died here to-day,
aged SS years..
RETAIL CLEEKS PARADE
THE BUSHTESS DISTRICT
Half: a Thousand Members of the
Association March and Decry
Late Hours.
Fully 500 members of the Retail Clerks'
Association paraded last night from
Washington Square on Kearny street to
Market and out Market to Sixth. All
along-, the line of march the cry of the
ass!»c:ation, -"Do not buy after 6," could
be. heard, and the number of stores with
closed- doors was evidence that the move
rtient toward early closing is becoming a
gr-nersl one. A. few. stores still remain
open, however, and in front fif these were
fctatiohc-d. clerks, who marched up and
down -in front -of the entrance of the store
r«i>eating in a sing-song tone, "Do not buy
after G."
Gibson's furnishing storeat 1204 Market
street was the objective point of the ma
jority of the paraders, and when this
store ;was reached the men in line broke
ranks and took their usual method of In
forming passers-by that the store was
boycotted by those In favor of early clos
ing.
Trouble was feared, but the presence of
a . number of policemen restrained the
crowd. The members of the association
remained in front of Gibson's until the
proprietor closed up, and then they qulei
1-y dispersed.
WILLIAM SOLTS' DEATH
, : IS DUE TO DEOWNING
Only Tencble Ground, on Which to
Explain the Case, According
....;. to Coroner.
: ;' . .: Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
....•';'¦ ¦; ;•¦':'-¦„ 111S Broadway. Keb. 25.
'A-fter.-TLhirty-sIx hours of investigation
.. xY.'r- : .-'^ro'i*c> hava been unable to find any
cifjQWjret&nce tending to show that Wil
-!i.anv.-P:.' Solts, whose body was found in
: i;a"ke>.I' J rrI.t:t-, was the victim cf foul play,
•-.¦'• •¦/tn< v vateappearar.ee of his money.
¦ v t£v 'young -man's mother persists in the
fceiie'i.'ihat: ner >on was robbed and th«n
Krl>.iv. Sh<f refuses .to listen to any qther
• .' So.far.aj? thsfthedlcal arp€*t of the .case
¦Is. rrt'nce.riied " Ooroner " Mehrrhann -cannot
any evidence of ninrder. Sr.lts* death
x\-na <t**e : to virownirtg. .' .Fuch was :he re
fc-artf[ef 3"n oxhert r>f r Tne
.rity-]y'. which *ras maflv to-day under the
direction -M th-»- Coroner. It was clearly
«/;<'mer.**r:.t*'I that Solts was asphyxiated
ly water On lung?:- That .shows-also
in;>t hi> was alive when he fell or was
throwainto th£ take. .' • .
TERRE HAUTE. Ind., Feb. 25.-Ida
Flnklestein, aged 20, a school teacher,
while walking through a lonely strip of
woods this afternoon from the school
house where she taught to the interurban
line, three miles east of Terre Haute, was
assaulted and killed by an unknown
negro, who shot her in the back of the
head and cut her throat, severing her
windpipe.
After the assault had been committed
Miss Flnklestein ran for a half-mile to a
farmhouse with the blood streaming from
her wounds and fell unconscious on the
doorstep. Officers and men. who have a
fairly good description of the negro, arc
scouring the country east of the city with
revolvers and shotguns. Several suspects
have been arrested and public feeling is
aroused to a high pitch.
Assaults Her With Pistol
and Knife and Makes
His Escape.
OAKLAND, Feb. 25.-The City
Council was so strongly opposed
to-night to A. A. Moore's at
tempt to prssent the deeds to
property of the Contra Costa
Water Company that af ler three iiours of
heated arsrument the deeds were' left un
read and the Council adjourned until to
morrow night, after requesting the water
company to have witnesses in attend
ance who could testlfv about the value
of the company's property.
The session was supposed to start the
investigation preliminary to the fixing of
water rates for the coming fiscal year.
Mr. Moore, representing the corporation,
opened by announcing that Engineer A,
L. Adams, the water comnany's adminis
trative head, was in Alameda wrestling
with the Town Trustees, but -was within
'call. No one called for Adams, and
Moore, in reply to questions, declared he
was not an expert and could not answer
the demand for information. At last he
produced a batch of 100 deeds, and started
to read them. The Councllmen were
UNKNOWN NEGRO
KILLS A WOMAN
In the water-rate suit, and that it would
cost $400 or $500 to make certified cop'es.
Some one asked for an opinion from the
City Attorney and then Councilman John
son, who is a candidate against Dow in
the municipal fight, d^mr-nded - to know
why Mr. Dow -was absent.
"This is one of the most .important
meetings of the Council." said Johnson,
"and the City Attornev should be here
and not out in East Oakland making
speeches. I am here a-id I move that the
City Attorney and his deputy be both in
structed to be present r.t all times during
this Investigation." The motion was car
ried.
In the midst of the wrangle Engineer
Adams appeared. He was requested to
testify and begged off, saying: "I have
just come from Alameda, where matters
appear in a critical condition. I didn't
expect to be called before you to-night, so
did not bring my data,"
Meese put a motion that the water com
pany produce witnesses to-morrow night,
when the battle will • be renewed. Mr.
Moore had not filed his deeds when the
Council adjourned.
aghast at the prospect. Mott, Meese an.l
Taylor, with Cuvellier and Girard, all de
clared that they could not listen to such
a lengthy recital. An hour was consumed
In debate, Moore Insisting that he should
read the deeds, and the Councllmen being
certain they did not want to listen. ¦
. "I -shall read these deeds unless I am
stopped," declared Moore.' "And I do not
want to be bulldozed." -,
"That is not so," shouted Taylor. "No
one is trying 1 to bulldose."
"The water company is only playing for
time," said Girard. "It don't want this
Council to fix the rates. We soon go out
of office and they want the new Council
to fix rates. I am not here to listen to any
lawyers."
"At what do you value the Contra Costa
Water Company's plant?" interrupted
Meese.
"Eight millions," reDlied Moore.
"What are the items?"
"I don't know."
"I move that the water company be di
rected to file any documentary evidence
it has," said Meese. —
Then Moore proteste-;l aprainst action. He
said the deeds were a part of the records
A. A. MOORE ATTEMPTS TO REGALE OAKLAND COUNCILMEN WITH THE . READING OF 100 CONTRA COSTA
WATER COMPANY DEEDS, BUT THE CITY FATHERS REFUSE TO BE ENTERTAINED BY HIM AND TAKE
AN ADJOURNMENT.
JOINT-SMASHER
BADLY INJURED
Shots Are Exchanged Dar
ing a Raid on a Topeka
Wholesale Houst.
— > »
Physician and a Clergyman Ajs
Placed Under Anest and
Charged "With Complicity
in the Affair.
TOPEKA, Feb. 23.-J. W. Adams lies at
a hospital hovering between life and
death. He was shot during a raid last
night on a North Topeka wholesale liquor
house. At midnight a crowd of citizens,
heavily armed with revolvers, sledge ham
mers. " crowbars and a battering ram,
broke Into the wholesale llauor house of
"Cash" Curtis, on West Curtia street, be
tween Kansas avenue and Jackson street,
and smashed the beer casks found there.
Three policemen drove the crowd back.
Both the policemen and the citizens fired
their revolvers, and J. W. Adams, a car
penter, was shot twice in the breast. He
was taken In a hack to Riverside Hospi
tal, where he lies In a precarious condi
tion.
Dr. M. R. Mitchell and Rev. F. W. Em
erson were arrested. 'Rev. Mr. Emerson
was taken to the police station, where h©
was booked under the charge of resisting
an officer. His left hand was cut and
bleeding. He was allowed to go upon his
own recognizance. Dr. Mitchell took the
injured maji to the hospital in a hack.
and was allowed to stay and administer
to him without giving bond.
The three officers. Patrolmen Downey
and Boyles and Private Watchman Con
nors, claim that Adams was shot by his
own crowd while he was retreating f roia
the place where the liquors were smashed,
but Adams says that he was shot by a
policeman. Officer Downey says he did
not arrive at the scene of the trouble until
It was- about over. Officer Boyles. who
carries a Coifs 44-caliber. claims that the
two shots he fired were in the air, and
that he did not aim at any one. Dr.
Mitchell and Dr. Charles W. Hammond,
who cared for Adams at the hospital, say
that he was shot with a 32 or 38 caliber
revolver.
The crowd which did the smashing met
on West Curtis street, about two blocks
from the joint. The estimates of the num
ber vary from thirty to sixty. At a few
moments past 12 o'clock the crowd moved
east on Curtis street to Jackson. The
wholesale liquor house la a small frame
building at the rear of the Curtis home,
which faces on Curtis street. The crowd
turned south on Jackson street and
crossed the rear of the lots between the
street and the liquor house. Half a dozen
men seized the log and used it as a bat
tering ram. The door gave way and the
crowd rushed in. At the first rush the
lantern which the crowd carried was ex
tinguished, and the work was done in the
dark.
Three men stood on the Inside and
passed the cases and kegs of beer to men
in the doorwiy, who threw them Into the
yard to be smashed. The crowd used
heavy sledges, axes, mason's hammer*
and crowbars. The owners of the beer
made no resistance. Patrolman Boyle?
and Watchman Connors were called from
the Union Pacific depot two blocks away,
and were the first officers there. Tney en
tered the yard from Curtis street and
drove the crowd back. Before the officer*
arrived thirty cases and two kegs of beer
had been smashed, and the debris wa<i
spattered over the yard. When the offi
cers arrived the crowd fell back to a ditch
near Jackson street, where the leaders
succeeded in rallying the forces. While
the crowd was being driven back twenty
or thirty shots were fired. When the
crowd retreated to Jackson street the of
ficers were near the building and Adams
was between the officers and the crowd.
When, he was shot he fell by a pile of
wood. When the crowd found that one of
their number had been wounded the other
members quickly dispersed.
LEAVEN WORTH. Kans.. Feb. 25,-Th©
inquest over the killing of Mrs. Rosa Hud
son in the Joint raid at Millwood last Mon
day was held to-day and the Coroner'3
Jury returned a verdict to the effect that
she came to her death from a gunshot
wound at the hands of persons unknown
to the jurors. No attempt was made to
Investigate those who comprised the raid
ing mob or who did any of the shooting
In the joint. John Hudson, the husband;,
Michael Lockner. the brother of the mur
dered woman: Matthew Goens and Dr.
W. K. Adams were the only witnesses put
on the stand, and they were asked only
questions that show that Mrs. Hudaon
is dead and that she was killed by a gun
shot. The jury was out only a few min
utes in reaching a verdict. The prelimi
nary' trial will come up Friday, when a
full examination will be made..
John O. Doane was called upon yester
day in Judge Murasky's court to produce
certain books and documents which, it is
believed by counsel representing the
p':iintiff In the .action instituted by R. P.
M«rlllion against Thomas E. Ryan, J. "W.
Bartholomew and Henry Euler, directors
of the American Box Factory, will throw
light on the purposes for which the Spruce
Package Company was formed. ,
The intangibility. of the Spruce Package
Company is at this time the strongest
argument in its favor. Being neither
company, corporation nor co-partnership,
but iui association organized to control
the box trade of the coast, in violation of
the anti-trust laws of the United States,
the jurisdiction of the State courts over
its members and affairs is questionable.
An attempt to destroy the evidence tend
itij? to prove the unlawful purposes for
which the Spruce Package Company was
formed is alleged to have been made. The
rosult of the call upon Mr. Doane to pro
duce certain, documents and records of
business transactions will hence be await
ed with interest, especially in view of the
fact that Mr. Doane stated that he did not
now have the documents and records in
his possession. He couid not promise to
produce them, but w<fuld try. The fact
that the Spruce Package Company exists
by secret compact left the court without
jurisdiction to order the production of th?
documents, but, as the court stated, if
during the hearing- it develops that certain
documents exist and are being unlaw
fully withheld to the prejudice of the
plaintiff, it will order their production
ajid their custodian must then show cause
why they are still withheld.
When the case was called yesterday At
torney J. li. Roir.stein. who represents thw
defendants, addressed the court and said
that his attention had been called to the
publication of an attempt to destroy -im
portant records bearing on the nature of
the Spruce Package Company. Mr. Rein
stein said he made haste to deny to the
court that he had any knowledge of an
attempt to destroy records.
"And," paid he, "if I was aware that
any one associated with my side of the
case, either as litigant or counsel, was en
paped in any such attempt I would deem
it my duty to withdraw."
Attorney Kaergett of counsel for the
plaintiff explained that he had accused no
one of having made an attempt to destroy
evidence in the case. •
At this juncture, however, his associate.
Attorney Barry, entered the court, called
Mr. Doane to the stand and made the de
mand for the records and books of the
Spruce Package Company, two letter
press books known to be in existence be
ing especially required.
Mr. Doane's answer that he did not have
the books in his possession but would try
and produce them left counsel and court
without further remedy. A continuance
was then taken until this morning and It
is with considerable Interest that plain
tiff and his counsel, await the return of
the witness to court this morning.
John O. Doane Says They Are N"ot
in His Possession, but He
Will Try and Bring
Them.
Lawyer Barry Makes De
mand in Court for Their
Production.
BOX TRUST BOOKS
ARE CALLED FOR
LONDON, Feb. 2fi.— A correspondent of
the Dally Telegraph at De Aar located.
General Dewet and Mr. Steyn at Petrus
ville. He praises the admirable work of.
Captain Norman Naton. a Canadian en
gineer, in protecting a large stretch of
railway.
In. the House of Commons War Secre
tary Broderick. discussing a motion to
rublish tne proceedings of courts of In
quiry, said it was tne purpose of the
Government to make a general inquiry
into the conduct of the war in South
Africa when the war was substantially
ended. Nobody could say the war was
substantially ended while 200,000 men
were engaged in the military operations.
The Government, in the meanwhile, had
investigated twenty painful incidents of
surrenders of British troops. A large
number of officers had been made ac
countable and ten had been dismissed.
No officer returning from South Africa
would be employed at home without
Lord Roberts' and General Kitchener's
recommendation. Scarcely a week passed
without an officer being removed or
otherwise punished.
DE AAR, Cape Colony. Feb. 25.—Gen
eral Dewet, accompanied by Mr. Steyn.
recrossed the railroad north of Kranskuit
and south of the Orange River station
yesterday. „•
The Qrange River rose five feet last
evening. A heavy rain Is still falling and
If is believed te> be impossible for the
Boers to cross the stream. ' They are be
ing closely followed by Colonel Thorney
croft, who left here yesterday by rail.
Several other columns are converging on
General Dewet.
CAPE TOWN, Feb. 25— The Boers a.re
attacking the city of Richmond, in the
central part of Cape Colony, and rein
forcements have been dispatched from
Hanover Road.
It Is reported that the Influential com
mandant, Pelt Fourie, with several hun
dred Boers In the Dewetsdorp district,
are willing to surrender if the command
ant receives a proposition direct from
General Kitchener.
It is reported here that Commandant
General Botha, with 20CO Boers, has
broken away from General French's pur
suit in the direction of Komatipoort.
. _; — i — «
NO PEACE PBOPOSALS MADE.
Consul Pierce Deniss That Kruger
Has Appealed to the King.
NEW YORK, Feb. 25,-Charles D.
Pierce, Consul General for the South Af
rican Republic In this country, to-night
gave out the following statement: "On
the 19th of February 1 cabled to the en
voys at The Hague, asking, them to please
cable me if there was any truth in the
statement that President Kruger had ap
pealed to King Edward for terms of
peace; also if Mr. Wolmarans. the envoy,
had written a letter to the Beers in South
Africa urging: them to surrender. In re
ply I received the following cablegram:
" 'THE HAGUE. Feb. 21.— Newspaper
reports regard Envoy "Wolmarans* letter
are already contradicted In strongest
terms in European and American news
papers.
•• 'DE BRUTN, Secretary to Envoys."
"Also the following cable received to
day:
" 'Envoys declare that President Kruffcr
has made no proposals to the British King
for terms of peace.
" 'DE BRUYNV "
Eritish. Government Prepares for
General Investigation When
War Is Substantially-
Ended. •
General Dewat and Mr. Steyn
Recross Railroad Near '
Kranskuit. :
THORHEYCROFT
PURSUING BOERS
ALAMHDA. Feb. 25— The name of the
|$<OW)£g woman who di^d at the hospital of
l)r. Emily FuhUf-Wagnerilast Saturday
rrcraains undisclosed. Forty or.llfty peo
;>le.- hailing f i^.m il\e neighboring cities,
.viewed the body it the liranch Morgue
=ai>d examined the effects cf the deceased
?o-dey, but all went away without reoog
•iiizirg tbe -fa^e of the unfortunate who
" l*.y : on the slab. One man came all the
•way ,\ from San Jose to fcee If the v.-omar»
•was his daughter and seVmcd dlsappointtl
when, it turned out that eho was not. .lie
.refused to tive his.-r.ame.
;-'"**\Ve have: nut taken more than a local
Interest in this case," said Detective
G*orge. Brojrn of the Alametia Police {)e
piurUYieut this afternoon. "It is not "the
•piGvinoe of the local police to examine
•Into. *J-ch -mailers, it is net- a case for
the police, as t);,ere fras bceh no crime
comniittfd. The autopsy j<i>ysic:ans ex
amination phows that.
¦ "All *e ha\-e done is to ;gret Dr. Funke
"IVagners statement in the -matter. She
stys she dots not know the woman a
luune. 1 don't believe she docs, it's not
lier business to tlnd out the names of the
pinplc who go to her.
¦ "As io the. ideutiiv of the woman, I
Udok that 'it will bo (Us&osed in a day or
two, unless has relatives who do not
ttwto have anything tnora to do with
.her. Her connections are bound to reu.il
something about her in the papers. They
should realize vrtlo she-is from the de
scription of the face and hair . and the
things that were found in her possession."
Th^re are three things among the 4e
ce^tjed's effeotjj which migiit Kive a. clew
to her Identity. They ar« the pamphlet,
the calling: card .and the addressed en
velope. Earh onc..of those itself Indicates
that the "WtsT c.-itne from Pki Francisco.
The shoes Fhe wore cajne from a. San
Francisco retail store.
Tne pamphlet was issued bv the Calva
rlan Society, which is a £an Francisco in
stitution. The object of the society is
the f=p read ir-e of Catholic truths. It is
possible ' that the woman was a member
of it. or in s<>me way. affiliate'! with it and
If she hud any associates or acquain
tances they would probably remember
vho she was.
Coroner M- hrrr.ar.n announces that hvj
will boW the inquest to-morrow afternoon
«.t 5 o'clock: He has not taken any steps,
t>y Mills tins: -the services of the Sheriff or
(,jmo other officer, in tho direction of at
temj>*ir>r the dlstotAejy of the deceased.
The Cojrotter Fays that h<» relies entirely
on.-Jhe r.e.vFpapers to bring about identi
fiea:k>n.\ : :
;¦¦-.¦¦'• ;!'..•¦ - - £r
Fdiir Articles Among tb.e*Deceased's
."¦.VV Effects" . Indicate That She
../.Came From San Fran
cisco. ' . . ' <
Many View the Remains
:; but Fail lo Recognize
J: ; • ; : Unfortunate.
WOMAN'S NAME
STILL UNKNOWN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 19.01.
Moore Tries to Force Infliction Upon Them, but City
Fathers Take an Adjournment.
COUNCIL REFUSES TO HEAR
ONE HUNDRED DEEDS READ
; 'hv.. its
9
vi3r> OR. JORDAN'S orcat
HiiSEUB OF ANATOMY
£|j uil ILiSXZ? 37. lai. tiMtTX IZ.fcL
Qr The t i?;«i Anatemical Museum In tbe
- jl . V'orid. Vie*ka«*vOT or any eomracttd
S5T§U> diiC»*e p»«i«:»«-iy cun>< hy the oidotc
/» VMi spccnJistrsUk. Coul Hit 36/0M*
Jtffy 1 °ft- diseases
wf?win lo.wu!t«ion f~« »nd jtrfctly prhr«t«.
3 xKt« ti "f™ " m < n ' p"*onolly or by letter. A
fl vT>B r — — r fi— 1 in — t-j rnimrmrrmhwi
H tf 11* Writo for book, rnaoaoraitf
0 I |]« 4*iiuiAue. maiuo Fas*. IA 1
Jl (I ' valuable booh for mnl
DE JOBDAH A V., 1051 Market SJt.a t.
TO ESCAPE THE GRIP
I build tip yncr strencth by easily digested I
nnd n'.imulativc diet. Iion't aliow yonr- I
¦elf to become cold or exhtnsted bat take I
« cup ot hot beef t*t% with meal* ot b»- I
tween mealg, made from the well-known I
I COMPANY'S EXTRACT I
I OF BEEF. I
ADVEB.TISEMENTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1901.
10
BCSIXi-SS CRAXCES CONTITTUED.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber bunlne?s;
Including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber etock. donkey engine, horse teams, etc.
H. tc F. I... COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
FOR Rent— Unfurnished ; Crst class; Union
Hotel in Sonoma City; renovated from cel-
lar to garret. Particular*. Inquire ALBERT
WIFSEL. 214 California St.. S. F.. or 1474
Ninth Bt.. corner Chester. Oakland.
FOR sale— Country weekly paper; free of debt;
wel! located: In pleasantest nart of State:
terms easy to right party. Address box 01S.
Call offlce.
FOR eale — A steam laundry In the Sacramento
Valley Ooing a business from $100 to $150 per
week; no other laundry within CO miles. Box
1643. Call office.
OUTSIDE route nn this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business offlce.
LARGE outside route (No. 10) lor Bale. Apply
at Call business office.
FOR rale — A bakery, stationery and notion
etore. four rooms; rent $20. 1C6 Eleventh st.
SALOON and four living rocjris. ref sale cheap
at 215 Steuart et. : no agents; call at the place.
WILL rent 14 rooms and sell the furniture for
$225; 525 per month rent. 417 Harrison eL
FOR sale— Taller and dressmaking establlsh-
ment; good location; city. Box 1853. Call.
WANTED- Partner In good peyjng brick yard
business. S14 Montgomery st.
ROUTE for sale: 480 papers on the Chronicle.
Inquire at &2S . Union st. .
FOR rale — Oyster and chop house; near Sixth
and Market: JSOO.
FOR s^ale— A fish and delicacy store. Address
C. M. W.. 346 Virginia st.. Vallejo.
?30 WINS $300 per month at races :¦ references
Riven. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
LARGE inside route on this paper for Bale.
Apply business offlce.
WANTED — To buy or lease, a suitable place
for laundry. IVr 1S39. Call office.
CANDY and stationery ftore, stock and fix-
tures for sale cheap: no agents. 205 Polk st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
sunscTiruiorss has been established at 1056
Valencia et.
LODGING-HOCSKS FOR SALES.
T4-ROOM house on -Market st $550
35-room house; cheap rent 1000
7-room flat: best part of city 375
22 rooms; very good; clears $100 950
H rooms; near Call offlce 600
24 rooms; sure to clear $100 1000
24 rooms: on Market et 850
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
r.O-rocm boardinsr-houee $55<w»
HO-room hotel: clears $'00 S5P0
fO-room corner houre; clears $350 5000
10 rooms: on Eddy st.: clears $73 650
10 rooms: cn Taylor st _ 450
16 rooms: new. elegant furniture 1400
IS rooms: new: elegant: clears $300 2500
H. C. DEOKF.P.. 1C:O Market; tel. Mint 7S6.
H MARION GRIFFIN. A
715 Market, nr. Call bide.: Tel. Black 1SC3.
in ronmi, full, no work. $175 down '. $423
f-room fiat, ccr; elegant: bargain; sickness. I
12 rocms. rent $4*; bay-window corner 400 (
1« ror.ms. rent $C5: light: clears $S3 SO0 j
1* rooms, ror : n»*m- fur.: rent $73 M0
TI rooms, rent tV.: Income $9>i mo 600
rc rtvrr.s. rnr : N. Mkt.; sunny side 1500
17 rtviris. new velvet carpets; oak and
cher.v :,!'.: clears $175 a mo.: bargain.
?7 rv.-r « -loome $_y> a month: comer 1900
S? r~^m». rent line; Incnme $C_1: full 2000
r.« rooms, central: hard wrv*J; snap 1S0O
41 m.,m*. bonton; cleat- $150 mo 2T0O
Frr r.vR :.ist <>f a* houses before
buvlng. We have them all sizes and prices:
rrio— ?> rooms; all one floor; Geary St.: clears
$lf>"; or.ly $2Vi cash required.
$:00 rash for U-rnom hou«e; nicely furnished;
good location; balance payments.
$GfA — For ;:-rnnm house on principal street; |
clears $7.*: eacrlllr«vl for o.ul?k sale.
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money, you ray as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 8r.O Market.
€0 ROOMS: newly funiirh»-d: rent $130 $30"*) .
20 rooms; Van Ness: finely furn.: extra.. 950
10 rcoms. $450; 10 rooms. <julck 350
$SCO buys 14 elegantly furnished rooms; all
hair mattresses: best of bedding: clears S63
month; rent only $T,2 V); big bargain: best lo-
latlon. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.
WINSTON & WOLF, 1025 Market st.
JS rooms: rent $50; part cash $I2ftO
" 20 rooms; corner; rent $75 1300
30 rooms: brand new; $1000 cash 'I*W
. 44 rooms: central: part cash '3230
12 rooms; must sell; see it 500
LODGING-HOUSES— Sires and prices to stilt
all buyers: titles guaranteed: money loaned
buyers: before buying call.
G. W. RCHWEINHARD.
Phone- Mint 1911. 917 Market Et.. bet. 5th _ 6th.
CALL «nd see our list of bargains In houses:
we have them in any part of the city and nt I
eny price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 2S :
FKth st. | , •
FOR sale— $S'X>: lower flat of 9 large sunny fur-
nished rooms and bath: ell rented; 3 rooms
pay rent; will keep one for $12 a month; J
central. Box 1SS5. Call offlce.
$$Sft; BAT-WINDOW houFe. 18 rooms.' good fur- j
niturej always full; rent $44; bargain. S34 Fol- \
pom st. ' '
$7.'fi— 26 ROOMS; fine location: well furnished:
..all rented: Jow rent. BASILE. 3 Eddy st. I
BARGAIN — 10 rooms, elegantly furnished. 137 j
.-OTarrfll st. ' • I
LODGING-JIOUSE of 10 rooms for sale cheap. I
44Q Thjrd st. - . !
.NICELY furnished 14-rocm house; cheap rent; j
¦ '.part ' rash : *vill exchange. Box 1R63. Call. '
• . ; :/ . Rpn|iTUA_.i.s_i. " . \
ARRIVED— The celebrate* gypsv. Prince L»S-
L ter; whose free tests, calling your name, the
name .of the one you 'love Rnd the name" of |
the 'one you • will marry, for a short time; |
1 only medium In the world fo sure of his j
' . r.r-ru't : power tjiat he will give every person i
.' wt»<» cbrr.«— prepared a wonderful free test. I
' Call " n r writ" with stamps for answer. -13S2
•MaikV-x «t.. :opposlte Odd ; Fellows* Hall. • j
I A— MRS; J_ J. WHITNEY, trance, business
. imedturh, Kfeiread'er, medical clairvoyant: slt-
. ..tlrip-s. .-tl. 3164 O-Farrell. nr. Gou«rh. Ellis car.
! lyA-RL ERERJJARDT. srjrltual test to-night. J
I- ¦•• IV. 32fvO "Tweiijy-seccnd sU, bet. Mission and)
--ytfwBcfm,- ¦ '. -..-.• ' . -
SEANCE ' to-rright.' 8". o'clock. Dfle: to-morrow
' ¦ Mother: SadUv 12 o'clock. .10S4 Bush Et. ,
MRS. Iduisi? «! DREW. . Psychic. Electric
• nod. Magne-t-lc Healer, room 14. 3C5 Ixirkln >•.
MRS. DUNHAM. 14- McAllister st.. room 35;
. '."ctpcle>'.to-day, .2 ar.d 8 p.-m.: sittings dally.'
I \T. • O. •. KEKGAX holds spiritual meeting, every
I nfght except .Sat.". 10c.' 14S Sixth.- 2d floor..
j'Mjr.:-. 'rYOt^NG'-S tesf circle trv-
.". nrght; g05 McAllister. st.';. come, 'skeptics.
1 ilF.ETfNG Tues. fc"W«_.V\_3S How'ard. Mrs"
1 Maxwell i. Thur. a t . hall. 1193 Mission; all test.
J.MRS. LiESTElR— Readings. SOc: circle every eve
} ex.' Sati. jlOcj devel. cltcle Tues. eye. 222 Turk.' .
!: FRIENDSHIP Hall. 3S3 icAllist-r-Mrs. C. T.
I. : Meyer; sittings daily; tests to all to-night ; 10c.
fiAPLE," .^or. .T.ivVor St.. corner EIUs— Sittings
' 'daily; seance Tuesday and. .Thursday.
'MRS.' WEST.' wonderful medium -and healer;.
readings: dally. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
C. '.>Iayo-.$te^rs. : U2*£-Oak «... trance medium:
. .readings- H:- hours l-."-p. m.: tel. .Howard 527.
¦ J ¦;"'Cl.AlliXO\'JLXYS. . ' .
MME: mTbERNARD. ' : "
: ¦¦ ' : THE FAMOUS . ' '
' .Clairvoyant" and- business medium, permanent-
•ly I<icate4 17. Third St.. next Examiner building.
f^he read's your life correctly, gives an .accurate
¦ doscrfptlon of the past, reveals the present hap-
, penltigs- and- "portrays events to 6ccur in the
i future.- -it you are -In trouble, discontented, un-
I happy or not Satisfied In life, or havedomestle.
Jove' or" business troubles, .consult this great
medium -and yeu will be toW how to overcome
•theml- Valuable advice ln : all Affairs of life;
2-rie up;, perfect, satisfaction, guaranteed.
f MRP.. E. SANDERS* tl'c- Quaker medium and
¦ -palmist. 1 teaches mind vibration, the greatest
KCHt c-n .rarthr -fa business men. untold
wraith.'- reunites lovers and brings home ab-
sent husbands, sons or. daughters; .11 years'
Experience. 1104 Market st.. room ts.
M'Sf. 1 JR. .F. '.CLARK., the tvfll-kno*n trance
j "medium, is permanently located at 12W Mar-
-' fcet .Ft.. .corner Golden Gate" ave.. rooms 25
I" and" 26:: tak» elevator. Perfect satisfaction
\ ¦ guaranteed by mail.; rend sta-tcp fcr pam-
| rfile't withsppcla! term*. .Dally and Sunday.
] IPM.AP." th». Egyptian -gypsy, clairvoyant and
. palmift.-' i«erman<>ntly loca-tPd 1HS Market, op.
i «th: private readings dally.- 10 a. n. to i p. m.
i MRS. ; E. M.' liUVAL... clairvoyant, business me-
I ..Vllam: mining a specialty. 215 Kearny; r. S-10.
MME: LAROSE-. best clairvoyant, card reader;
. free'tpjts 2.~>crup. 472 Stevenson, St.. cor. Sixth.
MRP. MELV1LL. v.-oJ!-kno\vn clairvoyant. water
reader. 11 fith; German spoken: tel.Howard Ii4«.
j MME.' HANPOJJ. palmlHtrp.-carrl reader- nast
¦ _pre»-ent L future; gSc US Sixth st.. rocm 14. •
M3t.H. 3EJ1EDA. the KTt*?. Is the^reat palm-
ist and «ird reader; ?>. 7 Seventh Ft.
i MME. BCSAFFERJ «!alr\-oyant. card reader:
sittings dally. 44Syj Jeml- Tt.. bet. £th & Cth.
j MRS. B. -BAUMAN. th* welTknoKn fcrtunT-
f ¦ teller, lifts removed to 222 Eddy st. ; i
j MME. A-U.OUST. clairvoyant, card reader and
I palmistry: truth or no paj>; 25c. 1149 Mission
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
COMPETENT nurse wishes full charge of In-
fant; can make herself generally useful about
the house; best of city references. ll'.S Pine.
YOUNG girl 15 years of age wishes light
housework. 2 City Hall place, off McAllister.
RELIABLE middle-aged woman wishes posi-
tion general housework; object good home
more than salary. Address 269 Clementina.
TWO first-class chambermaids wish situations
In hotel or institution; recently from East;
no objection to country. Call or address 1515
Pine 8t.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, Spanish, fine cook,
pastry cook; In fine family or boarding-
house; wages $30 to $35. Box 1957, Call offlce.
SEAMSTRESS wishes engagements by the day
or week. Address box. 1962, Call offlce.
REFINED young lady wants position in fam-
ily or with invalid lady as companion or
amanuensis; references. Box 1950, Call.
A GIRL wants a situation to do general house-
work and plain cooking; wages $20. Please
call 959 Howard st.
RELIABLE girl wishes position as cashier in
restaurant. Address 514 Second st.
YOUNG woman wants to mind child or work
by the day. 821 Mission St., room 9.
GOOD woman riot afraid of work; good plain
cook and laundress; sleep home. Box 1914,
Call office.
A WIDOW would ltke a position to take full
charge of child of 1 to 5 years of age; Ala-
meda or Berkeley preferred. MRS. WIL-
L1AMS. 923 Minna St.
RELIABLE German girl wishes position to do
light housework; best of references. Address
17 Hollls st.
FOSITION wanted by middle-aged. English
woman as working housekeeper or cook on
farm: best reference. 913 Flllmore St., near
McAllister.
WOMAN would like to work by the day; please
call or write. 1C6 Eleventh St.. box 24.
SCOTCH woman desires engagements; ladies'
nurse; diploma; specially commended by
medical examiners of Glasgow hospitals. 317
Natoma St.. between Fourth and Fifth.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
k«t— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night. $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
FRUIT growers— Situation wanted on an or-
chard farm by responsible, capable man; un-
derstand* 'curing fruit, grafting, prunrng.
spraying and cultivation of frees and vines.
Addreys F. G., bnx 1946, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by married man. aged 25:
good steady man: best of references; any kind
of work. Address box 1954. Call office.
MAN and wife, English, want places; wife
cook, man would be useful; understands
horses; can milk. Address box 1961. Call.
YOUNG German, lately landed, would like
position at anything pertaining to hotel work.
Address box 1963. Call offlce.
STEADY young man wants position as book-
keeper; good recommendation. Address 24
Post st.
CAKE baker, second or third hand, would
— like to have place; large bakery preferred;
experienced in trade. Address box 1359, Call.
LAW— Young gentleman of good address seeks
employment; experienced ' In litigious busi-
ness. Box 1940, Call office.
TAILOR, first-class coatmaker, wants situa-
tion; no weekly Job. Box. 1943, Call offlce.
MAN 26, wants any kind of work; speaks four
languages. Address box 195S, Call offlce.
A GENTLEMAN of middle age and cf large
education desires a position of trust;, best
references. Box 1895. Call.
SHOEMAKERS wanted to work or buy shop.
533 Commercial st.
YOUNG man wishes situation: good experience
in general offlce work, soliciting and collect-
Ing: knowledce of bookkeeping: best refer-
enres. J. DANIEL TUKE. Winchester Hotel.
YOUNG man. 27 years of age. desires situa-
tion; offlce preferable: can furnish splendid ,
references. Adtlrees J. M. LESTER. 317
Stockton st.
BY middle-aged man. as gardener and work
about gentleman's place at low wages; refer-
ences. Box 1905. Call offlce.
AS secretary or bookkeeper, evenings with min-
ing or oil company; first-class references.
Box 1980. Call offlce. ,
HOTEL man wants a posttlon as clerk,
watchman, porter, etc.: country hotel pre-
ferred. Box 2092. Call offlce. Oakland*
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllrftore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
FKATHKH PIMiOWJI.'
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather rillows cleaned and renovated
by the Intest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st.
t • FLATM TO LET. { r/'£t<
TO LET— New flats on Buchanan St., between
McAllister nnd Golden Gate ave.: B and 0
rooms and bath: all the latest Improvements.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery nt. ¦-
ELEGANT new upper flat; Geary St., east of
Van Ness; 7 rooms and bath: very sunny:
vacant March 1. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
NOE. E97, cor. 19th. 1 block from Castro or 18th
st. cars— Lovely 5-rcom sunny cor. flat; mod-
ern; $1S: water free.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window nnd bath, $12.
716 Natoma st., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
MINNA. 741. near Ninth— Flat of 5 rooms;
tent $11.
SIXTH. .VSfiA— Upper flat. 5 rooms, bath, yard;
roar • i mran''e; r«-nt $12.
FOR sak— S-room fiat, elegantly, furnished,', for
a nice hrnie. lf;4S Kills st.
r I..VIS 'O'r'I.KI* — Kli»t.> l*lt:£t>
CORNER sunr.y furnished flat, 5 rooms. ' 214
Frederick st.
UPPICn flnt,. -5 sunny furnished rooms. 2213
I , Devlsa.lero et., cor. Washington.
FURNITURE FOR S ALE.
ONE elegant 3-plece walnut bedroom set.
double bed and fine hair mattress; also one
3-plece bedroom set, single bed, fine mat-
tress. 1196 Treat av».
4 ROOMS furnished in oak J48 SO. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
PUHKITUHE WANTED.
Auctioneer— L.VIncent.1303 Larkin: tel. Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. -ee W. E. Cody, 7S7 Mission; tel. Red 8353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: t<*l. Red 13i4\
IIKH* WAJNTBll KEMAL-E.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
6 waitresses, same country hotel, $20, see
party here to-day
3 waitresses, same hotel, Fresno, $20, fare
advanced
2 waitresses, sleep out $25
4 waitresses, Coronado Beach. $20, half fare.
5 waitresses, different country hotels $20
10 waitresses, city $20
Plain laundress, country hotel, $30. fare ad-
vanced
Pastry cook. $35, for hotel, see party here to-
day et noon
Middle-aged chambermaid $13
Chambermaid, city $25 and room
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Waitress for first-class private family, J2S,
see party here; German nurse girl and do
light second work, $25: woman with a child.
$20; cooks, house girls, second girls, nurse
girls, city and country. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary at.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1j73.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress, $35 and Increase, and 10
waitresses for very large commercial hotel.
$22 SO, steady work year round, half fare paid:
2 more waitresses.. Santa Bnrbara, $20; 3
waitresses, new hotel, city, $20: 2 waitresses,
short distance country. $20; 6 waitresses, other
country hotels, $20; 10 waitresses, very best
city hotels. $20: 3 restaurant and lunch wait-
resses, 50c and $6 and $7 week; 4 chamber-
maids, to wait dinner, $20.; chambermaid,
$17 60.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, house girls, second girls, etc., city and
country. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Stenographer and bookkeeper for resort hotel.
WANTED — Saleslady experienced in selling
patterns: nate exparlence, reference and sal-
ary. Apply box J94S, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady In art goods
department; one who can embroider; state
experience, reference, salary expected. Apply
box 1947. Call orflce.
WANTEI>— An experienced girl for downstairs
work; must be a good cook; wages $25. 11M)
O'Farrell st.
GIRL to assist housework, country rancn. sc
party here to-day. 10 a. m.; 2 girls at $20.
nice place, city: one $25 place, a snap. Cal.
Emp. Agency. 59 Third St.
GIRLS wanted to do cooking and general
housework. 1624 Geary st.
CUSTOM shirt operators and finishers., D. C.
HEGER. 1244 Market St., opp. Seventh.
WANTED— Finishers on pants; steady work;
good wages. 935 Market St., room 10. |
AN improver wanted at dressmaking. 409
Turk Et, rooms 1 and 2.
WOMAN or girt for light housework; small
family. 716 Franklin Ft. :
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. People's
Restaurant. 631 Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced nurseglrl for child IS
months old; references. Call room 14. Mont-
rose Hotel, corner Geary and Van Neaa ave.,
between 10 a. m. and 5 p. rn.
YOUNG girl for light housework; good home;
small wages. Call 15',4 Grand ave., off Tenth.
YOUNG girl wanted to do light housework;
sleep home; wages $8. Apply 6 Bond st.
WANTED — Experienced girls to wrap chewing-
gum. AMERICAN CHICLE CO.. 27 Main st.
YOUNG girl about 12 or 14 years of age for
Mill Valley: good home. Box So. Mill Valley.
GIRL to do cooking and plain washing. No. 6,
Presidio. • •
WOMAN for country; cooking, washing and
general housework: wages $30. 82S Turk St. »
YOUNG girl assist light housework; assist care
little girl; good home. 1006 Geary st.
REFINED, willing girl to assist with the
care . of tw.o small children; references re-
quired. Call at 900 Devlsadero st., afternoon.
APPRENTICE to learn dressmaking. 347 Bart-
lett Et., between 24th and 25th.
WANTED — Operator on pants; must know how
to, finish. 2229H Mission st.
APPRENTICES in millinery store at 692 Mc-
Allister st.
WANTED— First-class finisher on custom
coats; steady work. 443 Bryant St., nr. 3d.
1OUNG girl wanted to assist tn housework;
wages $8 to $10; sleep at home. 537 Alvarado.
NEAT girl for second work; wages $15; refer-
ences. 11S0 O'Farrell st.
LADIES to team a trade and be Independent:
barber trade taught In eight weeks; hair-
dressing in four weeks: catalogue mailed free.
MOLER'S Barber and Halrdresslng College,
G35 Clay st.
WANTED — Jl German housekeeper; 3 Iii.fam-
lyl. Call « J20 Shotwell St.
WANTED— Woman over 16, to travel; salary
and expenses. Box 197S, Call office.
GIRLS wanted at WEMPE BROS.' box fac-
tory. 127 Mission st. ¦ - ,
GIRL for general housework and cooking; 2 in
family; references; wages. $15 or $1S. 2313
Oetavla st. '
FIKST-CLABS ladies' , hairdressers and ventlla-
tors. 40 Geary -st.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
In factory. 723 Market St.. room 35.
WANTED— Button sewers at Levi Strauss &
. Co.'s, 28% Fremont st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received nt C"nll branch nfOr*. J"flo Flllmnre nt.
_, MKM* UA.\T..I> MALE.
2 CARPENTERS (dnishers); 2 cabinetmakers:
Picture frame makers: non-union; no office
f*.cs. Mechanics' Registration Bureau, no
Kearny at.. •
TEAMSTERS, ti-makers. quarrymen: $1 75 to
$2 per day. Cnl." Emp. Agency, 59 Third st.
WANTED — Good j ccatmaker; waces. 225!»
j Monisomery ave. '
nVALII) FinXITCRE.
furnitureand appliance? ; sale or rent;
t . OOODBAN. "17 Van Ness ave.. nr. Post »t.
LOST A.M» , 1OUAO.
LOST-Between Caklanil^T*the~CmT7l^u^
gold lo.ket with Inscription and baby's pic-
ture- Hn.ler return to MRS. RONALD. 374
Thirteenth «t.. Oaklar.U. care Mrs. DtmmScU.
and receive reward.
LOST-Feb. 24/ a gtild watch with soldier's
picture iijsl.le. Iteturn t» Central I'ark.
mi"£ \£vi?fi7' F: *?, S '' vei ' th and Eighth, car*
JII.^-S ATcNKILL; $io M reward.
JCO REWARD for the "rTturn of solitaire fija-
' I?.u i arf t , pIn lo « -t Cliff Uouse. Sunday.
l-rg-teStg-te^-f^^ KKURAUI.
LO5T-IWt iS*n.irpheum. HatuYday evenin-. •
Bilk umbrella, silver handle. Finder Dlea-j
rtturn to 2124 Steiner n. and receive re war"
LOST— Silver medal Company G FLfth In- '
fantry. Keturn to Armory Hall.' Alam<*1a., ¦
LOST— I»ur?e containing keys and 2 badges for
racetrack. Reward of $2 at 2G Monte m-rr
»t.. room 10. , *
FOUNO-Mrarrier pigeon at Z3M Sixteenth at.
Owner can have same by proving property.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte
jeweler. 243 O'Farrell, bet. Powell ana Mason!
OLD gold, sliver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL. S17 Market it.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore »t. '¦
? " — — ~" — " — — — — » — — — — — - — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — |
JtlATTUESSES A.ND I'PIIOI.STKIlV.'
MATTRE^ETTnT~uphoT»7ery; tel Sputh 733:
to orrter or renovated, feather and hair !
steamed: expert carpet cleaning: strictly te-
llable. HOPKE BROS.. 31S-3y> ETleventH St.
MATRIMO.VIAL.
GESTLEMEX wishing to marry wealthy ladles
aend 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 70« Ellis St.
"wS 1 * 1^ 011 hurf »u; reHable and confidential.
MR. BLAKE. 3_{ Kearny St.. rooms 4 and i.
MEU1CAU
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market, tho well-
known ladles specialists; 32 years' practice
perfectly reliable: a positive cure guaranteed
at office: patients tr-ated can return s_m»
day; those wishing to treat themselves should
send for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
MENT; a sure cure: gives Inatant relief; harra»
less: any one can use It; stamp for circular..
DRS. GOODWIN. th« well-known expert on
diseases of women, has returned from Eu-
rope; a treatment guaranteed to glr» Instant
relief for any ailment; safe and reliable- 10
years in Q. C. Hospital. Lnndon; practiced In
S. F. since 1S84; maternity home: fe« low
10C7H Market St.. near Sixth.
L'R. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1018 Market
opp. 5th; world-renowned ladies' specialist:
safe, rellabler practiced In San Francisco for
years.; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market St.. for. Sixth—
Safe and rellabl* ladles' physician; 25 years'
successful practice: positive curs guaranteed;
when others fall consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETII. reliable specialist: 23 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
offlce; any ailment: home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN— Removed to 111S Markst.
bet. Taylor and Mason; ladies' specialist.
MI.\_S AAD M1.MSO.
MINES bought and sclJ: also stocks in mines
and oil companies. Prof. John Tilton. rms.
475-476. 4th floor.. Parrott hl.lg.: 10-12. \-X
MISCELLA.NKOIS FUR SALS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
1XTOSH & WOLPMAN. 13'- 197 Fremont, s;.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; w? always
liave a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 2t hour*. J.
NOON AN. 1017. 1010. 1C21. lcr. Mission St..
above Sixth: write fcr catalogue.
F.UY a brand-new typewriter fur £> down and
- 15 per month: write for catalogue and pric-».
' TYPKWRITKR EXCHANGE. VT) California
St.; rentals. n»w machines. $3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
A SAFE ln\estrr.ent; 50» shares Washington Oil
at 23c; in proven grounds near Monarch
wells. E< x 1»77, Call office.
FOR sale — A IIS +f;g Jubilee hafher at a
bargain. Inquire of F. M. SUTTON. 27U
Dvrlght way. Berkeley, after I p. m.
FOR sale— Store fixtures^ all krnds. For In-
formation apply aiFTS.r TTRAriK. SIZ.V.A. San •
RafaeL ' . .
' TWO fresh Jersey cows and calf for sale at 23CI
Twenty-third st.. near City and County Hos.
FOR sale — Pedicreed cocker spaniel; pupa. 411S
Twenty-fourth st. .
I TINNING machines in good order; »iu.i. e,
; shears, etc. P.ox lJoo. Call offl.re.
j A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Apply at 21S California it.
A— 15 AND 23 H. P. boiler; S H. P. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE. 139 Beals st.
] SO 2ND-HAND enameled bath tubs: 20 II. P.
Westinghousa motor; cheap. 204 Mission st.
TYPEWRITERS. Id-hand, all makes, at low
figureg. L. ¦_ M. ALEXANDER. 118 Montg-y.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and M-hand;
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL. 58 Bluxoma.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and scld. KROGH MFG. CO.
2D-HAND steam, gas, oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. 518 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER*
MAN. SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand raovlnr
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-U1 Market St.. San Fran.
ailSCKLLA^KOUJa WANTS.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought A
aold. Sllverman. 9*4 Foiaom; tel. Folsom 1191.
A1OMSY TO LOA.\.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which, people can
afford to pay on furniture, piano*, eta.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will loss
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms » and 10. 908 Market at.
, ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 15, 1st -floor.'
Chronicle building^ II ALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at S per cent: 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate la pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: bo de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 21 Montgomery, r. J.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtala
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 843 Markst -
st.; tel. Main 1844. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by prlrat*
party; no removal; no commission: confiden-
tial. Room S, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jonea.
MOST reliable plac« to borrow oh diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker*
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room M.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California .
lioo.ooo TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co., 223 Sansome. r. _
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country; «%. undl-
vlded lnts. ; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THH
TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott building/
CASH loaned to salaried people on note -without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICA-, IXSTRUMESTS.
PACKARD— Packard— Packard— Is the name to
keep in mind when you want to buy a first-
class piano for a fair price. A full assort-
ment can always be found at MAUVAIS*.
769 Market st.*-
PIANOS for cash— pianos on time — pianos
cheap— and pianos high— price can be had at
MAUVAIS'. 7O Marlcet st. . .
THE- Mauvai- Music Ca, agents for "t_9 cela-
brated Decker & Son planoa. have Just re-
ceived another carload of these beautiful in-
struments. The greatest variety inr styles of
cases and woods can b- seen, and persons de-
siring to select one of these most perfect
ptancs should call early. Wareroom. 7S3
Market *t. • .
YOU cannot make a mistake If you buy »
Dicker & Son. Packard. Kaumelater,. Smith <k
Uarnes, Wtllard or Arlinston piano at
MAUVAIS'. 7S3 Market st. You can- pay casa
or Installments. .
A FEW new pianos for T\M; second-
hand from 130. EEXJ. CL'RTAZ ic SQJT.
16 O'Farrell st. Chlckerlns and Vose agency.
CLOSING out stock of elegant pianos: sen<l
for rrlcc. W. C. HAMILTON, 3 Flood bids.
FINK standard 11p713.1t piano; must be aacrl-
flccd la i days; leavlas city. 321 Goldea Gats.
'. • ;. . s.*.Jf niAXCisco call..
• PTFInEFS OFFICE of The Fan Francisco <
• fr»il. u_i__r'i— idtjot and Th'.rd streets: open
¦ t;nt:l ir.o-<-SocJc wry! nlgrht In the year.
¦ 75P.ANCH OKFICHS— 517 Montccmery street. .
.coroT Ony: open until S:J3 p. m. .
'. 8C0 I T aves rtrect; or>en until S;SO 'p. m.
'. CSZ ,McA!'.lst<T *trret; open until 9:33 p. n_-
. ' ff!5 I-nrkin *--»re*-t: open until 9:50 p. m.
¦ ¦"541 JTisfion ftreet; open until 10 j>. ra.
2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tr." f p. m.
¦ ;<>6 Eleventh street: open until S p. m.
I0?6 Valencia «peet; open until 9 p. m. ¦
'¦• -North/vert' rorrier Twenty-second and Ken-
.tufky fiT'r'T: <->r»en until 9 p. m.
;¦ ,-. • HEETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Charter No. 5. R. A. M.. • <
wt:i rrect THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _f\_
;:.;. r. v ::. at 7:30 <v<-!,->ck. M. M. TLJX
' deproe. Hy onS»r of the H. P. ' *.
;;.' •¦ FRANKLIN H. PAY. Secretary. •
OCCIDENTAL l-c<!g« No. .22, F. ar.d A. • I
M.. wi!! meet THIS. (TUESDAY) J%^
' AFTEP-NOON. at I o'clock, to' attend JVy*.
•"-¦¦ the 'utiorel of our deceased brother. •
. FRANKLIN MORTIMER DAT. Master Ma- I
sons brcted. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
ORIENTAL Lndse Nr. 144. F. and A. M. • !
At Wceor.ic Ternple THIS (TUESDAY) -#\,
EVENING, 3; 7:: nVlcxrk. M d'S!*^ T_i< ;
A. P. HUDRF-RP. Secretary. / ? >
ANNUAL Mcetir.g-Tbe regular annual meet- !
tn_ of the stockholder* ci the Honolulu
Plantation Corrpncy w'.U tie he'.d at the of- .
fie* of th.e company. S!7 Market Bt.. San •
Francisco. Cai., cn WEDNESDAY. February
• *7..1?0!. at the hcur of 11 o'clock a. m.. for •
1 he purpose ot electing a beard o! directors !
to rerve fcr the en«uir.(r year and the trans-
action «t forh otter business as may come ;
¦ t>efcre the meetinc. Transfer books will cloce
cn Faturfiay. February 15. 190!. at 12
o'clr"'.; m. E. H. FHELrON'. Secretary.
A(.:.>TS WASTED.
THE Rio Michel ¦ R-Jfrber Company' cf Saa
. Frar.c!s~o. Cal.. wants intelligent men to act
, y '.ts aper.ts throughout the United Srates; |
. run t-«» ro*n of character, address and push.- .
The compar.y owr.s larjse properties. 1* out of I
-. (<>ht and 'r. a thoronphiy sound and flourish- j
' !r.g condition. It has a con?i<J Table acreage ;
• .fi'.rrady vlantrd to rubber and has a large i
\.'.?n»ce of rr-.T.- constant ly at work. It offers!
;-Cft» fs> s l'.mlt-ed number- of Interest bearinp | ,
-.-nnd in^ta'.'rr-eTit o»rtlrtcRt<>5. A comparatively I
.Finali anour.t invested rnw will rroiuce !_r;j(» •
and rieadily ir.rrrasinp Income in near future. .
; "Thf CorpeS—UOB imites closest invf-FtiKatlon.
'¦ Azfmr and int«-rcyted persons ' avpl y Rio Ml-
•¦•."ohol lluhbT. Co.. r. «3-€5. .Crq<-ker bldg.. S. F.
¦¦\V"A?>TEL>- A.eents in rvcry county in ihe'State
..of'Cei.. Nevada & Oregon: first -rlas« goods ¦
jr'jarar.tcd. F"<t i>artlcular» address G. W. I
.' "INN &¦ CO.. lf.19 V) ft.. Sacramento. Cal.
AGENTS uant«-d thrruehout the State to eell
flares cn con-mi5si / >i. Addref*. with refer-
racHL.THB ASOtlK OIL COMPANY. MJ
Caiifom!* ¦— ; room 3J9. S. F.
POL1CIT«">RP • wanted: r^od ray; permanent.
Arr'V 1* to1, room 3lS. Parrott buildimr.
.A'lHNT in every town for "Life of Queen Vl<*- j
t^rls.'- >-n}. Piib. Cr,.. r»rr Market, r. 70*. S. F.
; ATTOHXEYS AT LAAV. •
It. fT. KTN'O. 821 Market Ft.. Gth n>or. roim f?7 '
— K?tate«. fianiapes. attachmerts, bankruptcy.
c«;iTTir>n»: -all case*: fair fee; no mivar><-~
rt"Tf;pf: loan? rn states. Tel. Howard irj7. |
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; rrivat*:
no fe^ without Fucce*s: collections. G. W.
HO^E. ntty at law. *T.O Market, cor. Stockton.
J. H. MrKNIGHT. collections: danac: »»•
tatf<=;' mir.ir^; o;x<n even. r52 Parrot: bldg.
FRANK '.V. SMITH, mining and probmte li«a
«=r*<-'.=lty. Mills Me., r. 2. 4th Rr. ; tel.Ked3Cl«.
ADVICE frr-e: no charpe unless successful. W.
tV. DAVIDSON. ?27 Market st..' opp. Mason.
L. S. <~LARK. Krami S'Teckels bids.. ?27 Mar- |
A«P1!\LTVM HOOFING.
J. PEI TIER. a«rhalt ronflng. sidewalks re-
pa'.r^i- ix^tal. mfi Mission: tel. Folsom 1607. .
BOARDIM; FOIl CHILUREX.
WANTED- By btsblr respectable couple, the J
care of child 2 to 4 years., long or short
pericfl; terms m.^dernte: fine heme and sunny
'.'¦ yuri; object^ . — npp__(oa for; our own child
'." -'-i' y?ar*. I*px 014. t'aUofQce.
¦.LAI-y. wnuM.TJp' ? chlKren it board: fur-
• ¦ niF*i*<i rocra. -frr par«r.i,. I43 Shipley et. ;
¦¦VVANTF-lw-two "or thr*»- phildr^n to toard. j }
¦ ¦ roMh^.rr.e.nrid motfier 1 -!' cari«.. Box 1974. Call.
'i"; ••KCSiXUSS CIIAYCISS. .-• '. ¦
A— J!273: PARTNER In first -claj>s paying and !
. . Ivst locaud coffee house In -this city; «xpe- j
ri^nc not necessary. •¦:» incoming partner's |
<3uty will hK> to attend cash and books; hon-
est man only nec-d apply. CalTR. G.
V.ILKE, 2€i, .Krarny st. ..
A—RARE chanoe-for first-class paying saloon 1
nef r 'nrr.^irium; 3 furnished rooms included; j
owner compelled to leave for Iowa. Call R. I
G. WILKE. >¦¦•» Kearny Ft. . :
A— *400; POHK jiti'd delicacy store; rent l^f 50:
. (rtjod-raylr.K "business; very best location;
owner \j leave city. Call EL G. VVILKE.
SSJJ Kearny Ft. ¦•,.-'•
A— JCOTIOCC store; established m»r..v years;
clearing abotJt ?1.'»9 per month; location can't
be r«>s.t: rent. Z27>; clean stock. Inquire R. G. -
• WILKE. 'a)'., Kearny Et. • ¦ \'
A— ?i;v : CAFE and r^stauraivt ; elepantly Jltted I
up end doing a rushing' busine**: located
close tn Pow»ll and Market ets. Call' R. G,
VT.ILKK. 2GH Kearny ft. • . ".
A— $70);. HALF-IXTKUEST" In first-class p_>-- \
inp r»-sraurant; dally receipts about $W: rent-j'
*7S; retiring partner to lea\-e for East; "a j".
¦J.arrain. CallR.-G. WJLKE. SG4 Kearny Et. j
A-J125": CORNER pro^ery!' and bar; choicest "
r»rt Western Add.; clean -store, fresh stock;
pood j>avtn(j <iU—Unj_i;- rent' $32. Inquire R.
G. WILKE. K'-j Kearny ft. ¦"."••.; • j.
A— J7J": PA LOON. 2- doors' west of Montgomery j
Ft.; I Hvir.g roipms; rent-J4J; dally : receipts'!
from 118 to Jl?: a rood pa>-lr.p and clean- r
• rizr*. Call R..G: WILKE. r&'i Kearny Et. j
A^-rt*00: CORNER butcher, shop In ¦ northera]
• "pert --of rJty;" rinft2»; horse, cart: telling 4-1 •
caule and about'- 10: shepp per -week; a cashj
c-jsu.tr.. CaU'.R. G. WILKE. ,2S'i K«ar_y st. I.
MAP.ION GE.IFF1N. . . '. '¦¦ = •'• " "-' ¦• " > •" .'• •]'
71» Mzfk«-t. ii»ar Call bldg.;. tel. RlacklSOJ. i \'
Branch !>¦_ » I J 1 liiili.l]?!. mb.;.-6 rooms,- I.
fur.; tent JUS; .bathroom i yard -. part cash.. $400-
Uut.'her fhop; .ij.aily «ale«>^) f<». J30..,.:. !"400.
'¦^r.fly rltTf. pocd'.liysineys';': bargain. • .' ¦ '
«':;ar «ire««, ISO, H5fe.SHM.-rflS0l _n 4. ¦'¦:.. i-A ' '
¦'«f*yrt« !-ouse;'f1eEr8 i:?n mn:; trlarplven.-. .-. tv>
Bak>qa% SKA. :_<^0. -"Can,. ks.O. -Sloan.;. .\. ....... : 21'i ¦
A CK^'TAntANT" rn whr.lesale -Mrtct.- ¦ t27ff:
daily sales •¦: ?15; rent'.". S_!-SO; : big ' snap.- • .M ;
: uniFTIN; 7ir- Market st..Miear CaU ' bidg. • •
A-**-bOt: ¦ GRf"»CKRY and' bar: H > : <ars- ie^se;'!
$!8 per rnonth; '.t_t to <J3 cash' sales' per day- '•
the ov.w Icayinr ..the fity:- call "and lnves.ti-1
gate. l;u Finest, lioirfl Trade, 326 .Pine -rt-, 'j
A--STEADY fclack«-mithi small capital; roun-1
,J— i- fh^r 1 : paii* 4l»0 to"?2000 . .pj»r.'yVa'r .eleaf; j-
: the- owner -Tetirlne- ' after. .17' years; -cheap!-
"rent.' 'Easiness Board' Trade,': CJ6 Pine Bt;'-.-.: i.
A— *2~l-. MILK raute; 3 rows, horse, and wason; ; t
¦ / good trade. ¦'. Business Board- Trade, 328 Pine., j'
PAHTNUR- wanted In a large,'- old-ertabMsbe^l'
, prnr.taWe -iivslness. -coMrcJirng '.a. good,.'*afe.-.
itolld reliable trade: owing to retirement
•of formc-r ir,snagef cwnef has decided to' eell' •
an lnterert.Ito an: acceptalj* -party'; <lutles wtH-
be. »he V.<»ep!rig o' accounts and assistioBgen-.
orally Sn the.-mar.ase.rittit-.pf . the business
ere nccuftrimfj to horse* freTerredi capital
reoxiired J5Q0fl to JlO.fiCrf; full- value' Jh sight;
-books Snd b___MM cwn Tor investfgathm.. j *
W. L>or.n'--!]> _ Co.. C3I Marl;ei Ft. =. • . • . (
AN unprecedtntM-earrifice:'7S-room brick
t«-1 end furniture; -doing .--Immense ¦;flrst-cJa. i «s :
<ti a .day) business; «-ost -and worth' |;o 000- ¦"
offered, fcr V.&.W+: ' l;as rented for 4«0;now •
n;r. by'oTt-.T. . . • '•-¦ — " .-•"¦•--
y ' P. FICK-ELS; the Lattd, Agent.' 6 Ge«ry it. •
J2C0 DOWN btiys on* oj. .tbe- best flttea^cen- ,
Trally lo<-ste<1 — -wtajtants ln.the city. DON'- I
ALD INVESTMENT CO.. SCO Market »t -
:«!.¦ lavis-rsi. : ¦ .- -., ; • •• . • ;
A-Iir.: SHOE sfcop anfl repa'Hns; ertAbllshed
.90 yea re. JgsLA trp II LI X &/-CQ. .-. 77I'i Market.
r cr,r.-rh.\n»3AlN : • r'vi.ng e-aloon and lodging (
-, firtut-e <V> rooms); -.best section city" front-.
Foo«l- reasoni' for. >fll!nir. "Afl'ly. WlCHMAi*"'
. L.VTGES £-. CO.. rig -Clay st. : y : ".-."- • • /
. 'PRODUCE comn;issloh .bij«iheF» : -good oppo'f-
tOSttr'Cor Uve>o;:n<; rnat\: 'wHl net jMO' to $_o
• » Wfek.. Call f.r _jj ,P>Vlj|-_t. ' -.'¦ ' ;. |
ITINr: r-nrn^r .to t>t>cn. BMomyt-nsft $r£ .wofih L
<?J. Eighth. «„ Oakland-.' |
. WANTED— to purcheVf'' F'aootir.R - »:allrrj*-*!
Toil fALK— OjVt*r .^f—i <iiofa- house-: near^Srit'n '
and Market ;• $iiO. Dok 10W. v .Call office. .- . ;
tU_BTAT!RASrr 'V.r sale: cot-c 8'nd-.ln.-;>mlRate- \
¦ ptto>jt«<».-j zt-e lir-waril et.. .:••'¦
TAITXJU busheliiie . -lror> -for. sale^ CIS Ma'r-
. k«--t !••. ¦ - • ¦ • -.' ' ' . .- '¦ • '; "
TO LI.'API" fro* tfie'jft of Msrc-lK w;ifurnishe.I
h'iiei..-.hr<^a''.'p'.-'ue- sistion ? Kan Rafael. Ai»-
ply o— y«r,- li Lynn*.;:. San Fr_nc5seo. . ' ;.
FOIt *nU~A I.S'l.Hfra'in: ciK_r~rtap_7 flue lo-
ritlr.'i i<ov.fi»y\vr..t daily RCnptl J?j. Dox 137i.
PAfnfl'S Cc^-lr'.r.K to l,i;y ct r«-nt an ark -f or i
«V» *}'J\P U - T val ¦*?• »"*- ta ""-rite tor box j
trt«~:Or.SyAi. tnevy hrd~l-p.f; r,«5a buslne**; f
,ar_e rtock: Cp» rtt«ror; cause Elckncta." Ad-
Artfb \.?-x '.ZT. Ca'.l offtc*. . ;l
CLAIRVOVAXTS. "
A— THE First Graduated Palmist Ever "in San
Franci_co.
PROFESSOR JOHNS.
The wcria-s greatest living palmist and clair-
voyant, can be consulted dally on all affairs of
life; he advises you whether you will be suc-
cessful in business, mining or lawsuits, etc.;
Professor Johns is beyond the shadow of a
doubt the most scientific practicing palmist
and clairvoyant In the world to-day. - - - --
There Is no home so dreary or sad, no lire
so hard nnd blighted, no heart so sad and
lonely, that cannot be set right and kept right
after a visit to this inspired prophet or modern
times; all lonjr-FtandIng and chronic diseases
that have baffled the. physician's skill cured
without the use cf med'.cine; he reunites the
separated, settles lovers' quarrels, causes
speedy and happy marriage, locates hidden
treasures removes evil influences; cures fits:
drunkenness cured without the patient's
knowledge; tells if vour loved one Is true; en-
ables you to win the affection of any one you
desire; also that which a person Is best adapt-
ed for In life is pointed out; he enables you to
trouble" Is* °he Tan" "^""will help you for
charge you nothing for his services.
N. B.— Palmistry taught: mediumlstlc per-
'pcns developed. 26% Kearny et.. near Market.
Readings by ma'.L ¦'¦ ....
If you ennnot call, write. Give date of birth,
state whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss; ask six
questions; Inclose $_ 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
-eader born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladles Me,
gents SI; palm, and clalr. sit. SI 50. 126 Turk.
MME. RAVENNA, reads life fluently: business
advice: names gi\-en: 25c up. S Fourth st.
CARPET HEATING AXD GLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING-S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 3S3-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st: teL Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beatlns and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleanlrp Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
teL Main S94. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carp«t-Benting Works. S33 Golden
Oate ave.; telephone East IIS.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blalrie: palnlosw cur*. Dr. Dunran. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES^
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
lesw wucceFPful. Room 310. 917 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 roomp and basement. Apply
923 Shotwell st.
GUERRERO, 1505— Cottage 5 rooms, bath- and
stable. Key at 3323 Mission St., agent. !
SUNNY. 4 rooms, yard. tlO; water free. 6 Rln-
con ave. : key 623 Second St.
TWENTY-FIFTH. 3833 — Cottage, 3 rooms;
large yard; rent S3. ¦
DEXTISTS.
AT~the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 803 Mar-
ket et.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
l-.ave ydur extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
J3 50 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D., Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on al!
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. 13 50: fillings. EOc; platen,
fa. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
EIGHT rrizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillinga by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEKK. 20 OTa|rell st.
DR. LUPLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from tS per set; extracting. EOc: pras given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 9«.3
Mission p_. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridge*; difficult plate work solicited;
positive palnlep? extraction. EOc. _ *"
DR.R.L.WALSH.K1.W; Geary, nr. Larkin— Paln-
less extraction M)c:plates J5 up;phone Polk 1135.
P>RIS Dfntal Parlnr. 2J5 Kenrny. cor. Hu?h—
Full ret of teeth. $4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. IT. Q. TRITEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
«mlner building: formerly In JJurphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings end Sun-
days. 1P01 Market Ft., corner Sixth.'
SFT nr teeth without plates. DR li. 57
Tm'Vf!. 1311 Poilc st.
RDCCATIOSAL.
E^"E?Cn?O^^HOOLr^r^T~m3siNESS~CoXr
LSGE. 1S3S Market st.; Individual instruction
In tx-okkeepl.-ig. shorthand, English branches;
civil f-ervlce coachlnjr: tuition ?5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BU3I-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; J8 per month: $50 life echo'.ar-
f-hip guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the-comryrcial and shorthand
courses: telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; posi-
tions secured for graduates; catalogue.
COLLEGK of Fine Forces, 61 North Second St.,
San Jose, will begin a 4 weeks' course of
lectures March D on Scientific Sun Healing.
Electricity, Massage. Mental Therapy and
other Fine Forces. Send for catalogue to E.
D. BABBITT, M. D., LL. D., Dean.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
¦ Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
thorthand; rcportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post s~
K. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
cuages. telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining 'engineering, etc.: day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
rchool for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
6tanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLF.GE has posl-
tiont. guaranteed to it by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
MINING school of H. Hlrschlng. 334 Kearny St..
open, day and eve. classes; chemistry, lixiva-
tlon. mineralogy, geology, coal oil formation.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, m!nlng.mech..sur-
"vey. assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.: est. 1861.
VAN PER NAILLKN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
• MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45
Parrott bldg.: Individ. Instruction; catalogue.
A. SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners: business
college graduates; bookkeeping figures; short
time • TARR. exp. sect.. 220 Parrott bldg.
KENT Law School, day end night. 74S McAl-
lister- et. : downtown. £23 Parrott building.
PROF. MERKI. from Paris: violin, mandolin,
guitiir: experienced. IOCS Mission st. «
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; Oay or eve.: $5 mo. 1021 Mission, nr. Cth.
COACHING. In high school mathematics a spe-
cialty; simple methods; successful. 3040 16th.
ILLUSTRATION — PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night «-la»n. 424 Pine st.
KHPJ.OVMK.Vr OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning CO 1 ., best help; send men at short
notice. 1115 Sutter. near Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
A— .UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce; best
help furn. : domestic servants: work executed
with car", dlypatch. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE central house-cleaning & employ-
• ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter: tel. East 203.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
bert heJp. f-26 O'Farrell Ft., tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chtnese employment of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main blSS.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office: Chinese. Japan-
ese help lur. R44 California: phone James 1601.
ORPHEUM F.mployment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 42C Powell. nr^Sutter; tel. Black C072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
n«M«t b»'n. 411". n'Fa>-r«*!l ft., tel. Knst 426.
UMI'l.oV.MKVr W A.VI'fc U — FI2M A L_.
FIRST-CLASS American cook desires situa-
tion: best -city reference. MISS CULLEN
323 Sutter *t.
FIRST-CLASS Frencli chambermaid and seam-
ftress desires situation; best city reference
MISS CULLEN. 320 Sutter St.
YOUNG woman wants a position as cook, city
or country; wages $23; call for five days.
Address 2504 Hryant Bt.
CAPABLE woman wants work by the day;
plain washing or houscclo-anlng. Address E
N\, box 1905. Call offlce.
WOMAN with a chili] wishes po?ltlcn to
cook on ranch; wages $12 to $15. Box 1951
Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS German cook nnd helper 'want
places together lr. hotel, restaurant or hoard-
ing-house: best references. 212 Natoma £t.,
baseir.ent.
LADY compositor wishes a position; good
worker. Address MISS B., 433 Jessie st., be-
tween Fifth and Sixth sts.
FINNISH slrl wishes a pl:ic«. small family;
plain cooking. 1413 Buchanan »t. :
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6S«
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A.-M. TO-DAY
5 men for handling and trucking grain. *-• DO
day. free fare, call early; married teamster.
Shasta Co • • • •
Milker. Marln Co.. 40c fare KH
6 milkers, different places SV>
Buttermaker and milker J •«
5 farm hands, J2S; holster .....Kj
3 teamsters, city choreraen and boys
Vegetable and flower _ard?n»rs..J23 .ind J..0
Young man to work in coal yard $1j
3 men. warehouse work $2 50 d^j;
Cook, Sonoma Co .- W3
7 cooks, different places J30 to r.rt
4 waiters, city and country hotel?. .$25 an«i |"-'
Kitchen hands, etc. MUIUCAV S- IU-ADY,
634 and G3S Clayyst. •:
AT C. R HANS EX & CO-'S... .Phone Grant 1S.»
...."..".. RAILROAD WORK.....
20 tunnelmen for big tunnel, Chatsworth
¦~* ark ' 1 !
io-'waiters. J30. J32 DO and $33._ city and coun-
try; broiler, country hotel. .W>: -second co-j):
$60; fry cook. J40; broiler, JbO; tellboys. <10
l ° '.. LAUXDRT DEPARTMENT
Laundryman for plain work, countrv hotel.
J35 and found and fr»e Un: laun-lr>man,
plain work. 135 and fare advanced.
• MISCELLANEOUS
'i miiiwrl.hts. country. »3 M a day. «e» party
here: vegetable gardener. J»: vegetable sarjl-
ener. J2S; 2 Swiss milkers. «30: fanr-e-r. Cs
a d R° a HAXSE.V & CO W O--«rv »t-
A-WANTED-Cofored coal miners, married cr
single: first-class wases: free transpor^-lon^
For particulars apply to C. R. HAN fc. EN ft.
CO.'. 104 Geary Bt. ;
James* Welch, please call: driver for milk
wagon, $40 and found; dairyman for pr"»te
ranch. »3O and found; milker, small "t^rar.
near city. «5; port-r. -country ho tel. »2» ani
found: orchard hand, south. W^*"""; r^:
taurant. city. J40. W. D. EWER & CO.. f.O
Clay st.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. Ha
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS. Secretary.
WANTED— Boy between 18 and IS: must be of
toed appearance and not afraid °*J"' or .,;
Apply 7:30 a. m.. S. N. WOOD & CO.. .IS
Market st. • _____
BOY to run an electric elevator. Call 11 Bat-
tery st.
BRIGHT errand boy wanted. BEI-VSCO-
HARRIS CO., 641 Market st.
BOY about 14 years old for tailor shop. 107
Sutter St.: call at 8:30 a. m.
WANTED — Good country solicitors. Monterey
Central Oil Co.. room 40*. E-amlner building.
FIRST-CLASS bootblack wanted; wages $12 a
week. 54 Third st. '
BOY wanted. Stalls 1 and 3 Union Square
Market. ;
RESPECTABLE boys: references; $4 50 a week.
201. Winchester Hotel.
WANTED— Chief cook; pecond waiter: call
early. New Golden Gate Hotel. 134 Fourth st.
OFFICE boy: apply after 9 a. m. Royal House, j
DISHWASHER wanted: $10 month and found.
1224 Point Lobos avo. ; Genry-st. cars. .
IJOY 12 to 15 years to assist in general store
work and errands. 303 Montgomery st.
BLACKSMITH wanted. 1221 Webster st.
WANTED— Good, first-class dinner waiter at
304 Mason st. ; wages $3 50 a week. .
BOY wanted fcr drug store. 499 Gough St.
WANTED— Man for nursery work and garden 1
Jobbing. Call IFA Halght st. -
BOOTBLACK wanted for barber shop; must
be a good man. 44 O'Farrell .st.
WANTED— Man to do light work: fire and
found. 30 Hannah St., Watts Tract. Oakland.
YOUNG man to drive a milk wagon route. 110
and found. 151S Hyde st.. San Francisco.
BARBERS— Good-paying shop for sale. 20C '
Powell >t.
BARBER shop for sale; must sell. Call lm-
medlately. 1612',4 Folsom st.
WANTED— Men to drive teams: steady work.
Apply early to GRAY BROS." stables. Seven-
teenth St., near Guerrero.
RELIABLE young man with little cash; %%0
month and board. Apply restaurant. 4*16 4th.
BOY for all-around work In printing offlce. :
109 California St., room 21.
Good 2-chalr ' shop cheap: must
sell. PECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellia st.
GET your shoes halt-soled while waiting; 25c
to EOc. 562 Mission Et., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. IT.
S. .\avy, able-bodied, unmarried mm of ffool
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 6 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
1 Inch in height: able to read, write and
speak Enellsh. For further information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Offlce, 49 EIUs
St., San Francisco. Cal.
ALL MEN— Our catalogue explains how we I
teach the trade in two months, saving two I
years; mailed free. We have no 5c shop in !
connection with our college. Our chairs and !
furniture are all made to order with a view j
to cleanliness and convenience. MOLER'S I
Barber College. 635 Clay st. Beware of any
cheap Imitations.
WANTED — A thoroughly experienced buyer I
and salesman In furniture and carpets; state |
references, where last • employed, salary ex-
l>ected and age: applications will not be con-
sidered which do not contain this Information
complete. Address R. F. B., box 1637. Cati.
MESSENGER boy in an office; apply In own
handwriting: state age and give references.
Postoffice box 204S.
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
Remember, no barroom chairs used In this
college.
WANTED- Reliable and sober German as
driver on bakery wagon: good salary; only
one with experience need apply. Ill I— ir-
kln st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 larg»
rooms: 25c pet night: $1 to $2 per week.
TAILORS — Ladies" tailor wanted for country;
must be first- class and rapid. Apply at
STEIN. SIMON & CO.'S. Market and Second.
WANTED— A strictly first-class carriage black-
smith. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS CO.,
Sacramento, Cal.
EXPERIENCED solicitor for merchandts*
store near city; state experience and refer-
ences. Answer box 1S94, Call office.
IMMEDIATELY: three young men- of good ad-
dress for city and country work: liberal sal-
ary. Call C9 Columbian building, city.
BRIGHT men of good address:' money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between S and
9 a. m. at 202 Post st.
50 TEAMSTERS, steady work. $1 75 and $2 per
day. Apply 112 Ninth st. •
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly' damaged, half
price. C62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
Carpenters, blacksmiths & green hands whal-
ing cruise on steamer. Herman's. 26 Steuart.
TEAMSTERS wanted. Apply 5?7 Fourteenth
street. ;
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms. 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard it.
TWO-CHAIR barbershop for sale cheap. Call
Immediately. 394 Sixth st
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen A green hands*
all parts of world. .HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard A Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 43. Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; fre«
'bus and baggae to and from .ferry.
HORSES AND WAGONS. i
HANDSOME matched team of carriage horses;
7 and 9 years old; sound and In excellent
condition; well broken to single and double
harness. DAVIDSON _ LEIGH, 30 Mont-
gomery 8t.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every •Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
Sd session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
. M. L. Pancoast. sec. .ft 10 Golden Gate ave.
A NEW pneumatlc-tlred road, buggy. DR. L.
KRAKER, veterinary dentist. 1E4 Golden
Gate ave.. cor. Leavenworth st. .
MUST- sell— Pair block horses: will seperate;
single or double. 24 Golden Gate ave.
THREE fast road horses: also som« good
business horses, at 721 Howard st.
SECOND-HAND hunlners bucgy; also a new
"'¦¦KKy In the white. 1370 Turk st.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express wason. Hlngle. also llsht
camping wagon, fcr sale chean. 532 M!«slon.
not;*! 1 :* to lkt.
A— PRtXTKD LIST Houses to l*t; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. U Montgomery.
HOl'SK.H T4> LIST — KCUM.HIIKO.
{25-FURNiyil UCZ> ccttage of « roun.fi and bath-
nl.'e garrtf-n. 722 Shit well. het. 21m and 22d.
Hot M-". i:i.KA.M.\(i.
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co.. cstab. ISiW
removed to 41'J Devisadero st., tel. Fell 13S.
I Cbt €ttjP|rg TuritifUrc Store \
1 773 Mission St. W&W ' ALr "" wolt^;;_ a .. ,?
.. '-•.*¦'" '" * ¦ '"-^N : - / *'
J. NEW AND SECOND-HAND ' T,
Furniture, Beddino, Carpets, Pictures, Mirrors, Etc I;
T '-'-'^-^ :• : 'f
T;;.; •eti»n«n *t» ••¦« . , •*•
y I l\ Qs\A. (k_tl/\^ yfiw. \ r\. &AAAA/XA MQjt^ ' ».
4- . 6$4.as1 _P_A.. ..
I ' . fop jf/Tf . * ' 4;
t / ( '^T-V J W 7^ T
I ¦:..; KcUuUL t^^ML4t^Z^44^U>ct ±
* / 7*/ //? />
t ¦* ' . .j jr v . I
± Od-r Ifr^ f IHOTEL AKRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
II Thorne, Denver
M Karpen, Chicago
E C Peart, Colusa
Hiss G Peart, Colusa
E Sweeney. Redding
C A Low & w, Cal
W S Green & w.Colusa
P W Hardy, Ukiah
G L Mead, Los Ang
J C Stettler. Ohio
R C Richmond, Arcata
W H Wheeler. Cal
G V Peck & w, Cal
F K Porter & w, Colo
J M Ourh A w, N Y
G Ehrenberg. N V
M Bradley. Fresno
Mrs F Wi!ber & ch. Ill
Mr* C II Thorne. Ill
Mrs W T Emmett. Cal
H A Latta, Mich
Mrs H Harding. Cal
J n Moore. Marysvllle
\V J Wapplch, Omaha
Dr N Green, Watsonvlel
L A Stanley, Seattle
H Johns, 8 Africa ',
0 Oppenroth, Hamburg i
J A Brad>-, Chicago
F S Rice, Bakersfleld j
J Jones. St Paul
C J Heesman & w, Cal
W Nleollnl. Oakland
1 H Slattery. Marysvlle 1
A M Reed, Redding I
G H Byrne & w, Seltna
C O Bonner, Fresno
H « Sedberry * w.
Tenn
Miss V Croesaday. Cal
C T Ruggles, Chicago
H Howard. X Y
E W D Evers, Chicago
G P Kaufman. Oregon
W Cameron A -w. Cal
J Quigg. Seattle
F W Hine. Eureka
J W B Montgomery. Ill
L W Wllgus, Los Ang
A Mercer. Galveston
G R Parkinson & w.
Palo Alto
Mrs A L pugan, Napa
C B Wllber. Chicago
W Belcher. Hawaii
Miss II Belcher. Hawaii
H D Pre*.«ey & w. Cal
R M Hawley, Sta Roca
J O Drummond, Nev
F E Wright, Sacto
C P Storey, Chicago
J T Jones. M'.ch
H H Torney, £acto
J C Conburg. San Jose
E W Dunn. San Jose
S M Pohr. Sant Rosa
C P Woolworth t w.
Santa Barbara
L A Mclntosh. Chlco
G V Dltiler. Biggs
PALACE HOTEL
W H Doherty. U S N .
J E Manerhan. NY'
Dr C C Moore & w.NY
G E Sprague, Lynn i
H B Wood & w, 8 Jose ;
S Lester. New York
J C Slack &'w. Pa
C B Klmball Orovllle
J J Tramer, Sacto
L F Bruner, Sacto
W H Murphy. Stanfrd
W Douglas. Beebe
B S Sufford. Kans Cty
F A Morris. Portland
J Hllloris. Phlla
M Schmedersky, N Y
A M Marshall. Duluth
S P. Katz. New 5Tork
V. r Kellyer. Japan
E M Camp, Chicago
C H Fauci & w. Eng
Mrs E S Fauci. En*ld
F A Knlbs & w, Minn
M E Ayers. Portland
T B Grlswold. Portld
T H Oxman, Los Ang
W S Boyles, Fresno
R K Maynard. Chicago
G H Watscn, Osden
J E Marble. Los Ang
W O Bowens, Sacto
H A Green & w, Mont
Miss N McKellar. Aus
Mrs> H Hubbard N Y
iM Posler. Paris
IE H Burrows, London
iF B Marshall. China
L MIdwood, Chln-\
J C Green, U S N
H M Thomas. Cal
J Underwood, Chicago
F A Hamilton, Roch
Mlis B Dibble, Chicago
H Dibble, Chicago
J F Knapp. Charleston
W H Cottlngham. Cal
C Ayer & w, England
7. Horkasle. Japan
MIps Miller. N Y
H E Osburne, Mich
C A Dunlware. Stanfd
H 8 Babcock Jr. Stan
J II Cavan.much. Mas*
\V A Keller. Ph!la
A E Remine, Cal
J M Barney. Cal
Miss Kelley. Japan
Mis* Llttemeyer. Japn
T W" Mlnturn, Winters
W H Ccttlngham. O
T G Woodman & w, O
A Atherton. U S N
E A Holmes. Maine
Mrs E S Holmes. Me
G M McCormlek. USX
F C Beir. U S N
C H Mathevrs, U S N
!H Q Leopold. V 8 N
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 2fi, 1901.
11
RUTHERFORD— In this - city. Febnuurr «.
1901, Dorothy Annft. dearly beloved and on!y
daughter of, James A. and Oeslnie Ruther-
ford, a native of Portland, Or., aged S years
11 months and 22 days.
Crs«rr!ces will be- held this day (Tuesday),
at 2 o'clock, at the residence of her parents,
1244 Twelfth avenue, between H and I streets.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SMITH-In Oakland. February 25. 1S01. Archl«
Good, beloved husband of Gertie Smith, and
father of Archie G. and Charles H. Smith, a
native of Richmond. Va., aged 35 years 10
months and 2 days.
STEPHENS-In Oakland. February 28. 190L at
5<71 San Pablo avenue. Charlotte Louise, be-
loved daughter of Louise and the late Rich-
ard A. Steohens. and sUter of William and
James Stephens, a native of Oakland. Cal.,
aged 16 years 6 months and 17 days.
SULLIVAN-In the City and County Hospital.
February 25, 1901. Daniel Sullivan, a native
of California, aged 28 years.
TERRELL— In this city. February K. W01.
M«- , E- G. Terrell, daughter of the late
Frank F. and Margaret Splller. mother of
Mrs. Edward Hall and George Hall, and sis-
ter of Mrs. W. H. Wells and Frank. Wil-
liam, Joseph and George Splller. a native cf
San Francisco, aged 43 years 1 month and *
days.
Crinterraent private.
WILLIAMS— In Oakland. February 25. 1901. at
1010 Twenty-fourth street. Elizabeth A., be-
loved wife of David W. -Williams, and
mother of Edward Williams, a native of
New York, aged 41 yeara 1 month and 14
days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock, at
her late home. 1010 Twenty-fourth street.
Oakland, Cal. Interment private.
WISEMAN— In this city. February 25. 1901.
Margaret Mary Wiseman, dearly beloved wife
of Thomas Wiseman, dearly beloved mother
of William E. Wiseman. Mrs. Mary Moo-
burg and Alfred E.. Herpert J. and Charles
H. Wiseman, and grandmother of Arthur E.
and William T. Wiseman, a native of Rose
Green. Casheel. County Tlrperary, Ireland,
aged 69 years and 8 months.
E-TFrlenda and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend th? funeral to-morrov.-
(Wednesday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1021 Vermont street, between
. Twenty-eecond and Twenty-third, thence to
St. Peter's Church, Alabama •treet. between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth. wher« a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing- at »
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemeterj'. by
carriage.
V nwlXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought* sold and repairing g_aran-
leed. Charles Plarobcck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.: phone Block 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. U5 Cth; phone Mint 5.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO STABLE AND CARRIAGE
OWNERS 1 ASSOCIATION.
On or after March 1. ' 1901, the following
schedule of prices will be adopted:
OneiHorse Coui>^ ', Two-Horse Carriage or
and liiou-harn. Drougham.
Hand Baggage Free.
|1 00— One or two passengers $150
II 00— More than two passengers 2 00
25 — Each additional mile (each pass.).. 25
fl 50 — Calling and shopping, first hour 2 09
$1 00— Calling and shopping, subsequent
hour 150
}3 00— Theater parties and balls, both ways
reserved 4 00
$3 00 — Weddings T 4 00
J2 00— German or City and County Hospi-
tals 150
?2 50— St. Luke's, Children's or French
Hospital 3 00
$3 00 — Funerals, city cemeteries 4 00
San Mateo cemeterie3 6 00
To train or electric car* 8 00
To church or hall, to train or can.. ? 00
From South San Francisco 5 00
From St. Mary's College 5 00
From San Bruno road or Silver ave. 5 00
Return from train or cars .2 00
To Mountain View (Oakland), ferry
extra 6 00
$3 00— Oakland mole (ferry extra) 4 00
$4 00— Casino or Dickey's 5 00
f4 00— Park drive B 0J
J3 00— Park drive and to .beach 7 00
$6 00— Cliff House via Park and return.... 8 00
$S 00— Cliff House via Park, via Ingleside. 10 00
fS 00— Ingleslde via Park 8 00
H 00 — Almshouse a CO
J2o>- Black Point 3 00
$3 00-Presidio 4 00
$4 00— Presidio and Fort Point 6 00
15 00— Presidio and Fort Point drive 6 00
$7 CO— Presidio. Fort Point and Park drive. 10 00
Presidio, Fort Point, Clirt House
and Park drive 10 00
Fourteen-mile House 12 00
Special rates for Alameda, Berkeley, etc.
Detention after time for which carriages and
coupes are ordered will be charged by the
hour.
This association will meet every Monday
evening at 8 p. m. at 814 Geary street, San
Francisco. GEORGE PIPPY, President.
J. YOUNG, Secretary.
LADIES— Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the beet; safe, reliable: take no other;
rend 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall; at .drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlladel, Pa.
100 CASES sparkling Iiochheimer, vintage '82,
516 per case, reduced to $10; 1000 gallons very
old port, sherry and muscatel wine $2 per gal-
lon, reduced to Jl. F. HOLTUM. Johannes-
. burg Wine Vaults, 517 California st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
CHEAPFST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
STOKARE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
offlce. Post and Powell sis. ; tel. Main G713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st. :.tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Stor.e Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, f 1 per year.
TRUSSES.
MANUFA'K; elastic stockings. -shoulder braces,
supporters made, repaired. Menge, 503 Kearny.
rttOl*OSAL9.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, 'Navy Department,
Washington. D. C until 12 o'clock noon,
March 19, 1S01, and publicly opened Imme-
diately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy-
Yard, Mare Island, Cal., a quantlty
of peaches, raisins, prunes, beans, corned
beef, tea, screws, fire brick, hardware, lum-
ber, sheet lead, sheet brass, solder, zinc,
magnesia covering, hose, muriatic ncld, lye,
paints, white lead, varnishes, linseed oil,
toilet paper, flreproofed lumber, transformers,
incandescent lamps, wire, plumbers' supplies,
steel shares, steel plates, sheet steel, ther-
mometers, steam traps, valves, gauges, con-
denser tubes, pipe and fittings. Blank pro-
posals will be furnished upon application to
the bureau or to the navy ray office. Pan
Francisco. Cal. A. S. KENNY, Paymaster
General, U. S. N. 2-15-01
SEALED proposals will be received at the of-
flce of *the Lighthouse Inspector, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. until J2 o'clock noon. March 4.
-1901, and then opened, for furnishing and de-
livering provisions and fuel fcr vessels and
ptations in the Twelfth Lighthouse District
for the fiscal year ending- June 20, li«;2. In ac-
cordance with spec! Heat ions, copies of which,
with blank proposals and information, may be
had upon application to U. SEBREE, Com-
mander V. S3. N.
A WEEK'S news for o cents— The Weekly Call,
IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The followlnc marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
G.'ibr'.el .Meets. 2*, 14O8H Mason street, and
Mercedes Tlfnado, 20, 140SH Mason street.
Herman Zobrist, 4S. IS Oak street, and Mary
Rundell. 3S, IS Ook street.
Johan H. Johnnnessen, 29, 510 Howard street,
and Catherine Ruxtad, 35, 510 Howard street.
Bernard C. Hcencek. 30, 44 Third street, and
Sadie E. Colli'.ib. 20. 1609 Gro\-e street.*
Slme B. Keeney, 2S, Los Angeles, and Ange-
line Mills, 27. city.
William E. Stevens. 23, 3110 Clay street, and
Emma M. Fortmann. 21, 1007 Gough street.
BIRTHS — MARRIAGES — BEATHS.
Birth, marriage an-i d?ath notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed ¦
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorrrd with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. • ¦
POND— In Juneau. February 14, 1901,
to the wife of Ef P. Pond, a son.
SOSSO— In this city. February 24, 1901, to the
wife of Lorenzo Pcsmj. a son.
MARRIED.
KNACKE— DEVANY— February 4, 1301, by the
¦ Rev. Father Philips. George Knacke and
Mollie.Devany. both of San Francljco.
LYONB-CKALL-ln this city, February 15,
1901. by the Rev. E. H. Avery, D.D., Harry
D. Lyons and Lucy B. Crall.
______ ______„
Brophy, Sarah E. Keyes, O. H.
Brownlle. Wm. G. Knobloch, Gretchen
Burns, James D. Knop, August
Cappes, Sarah • Lilly. Katherine
Coffey, I>elia Rutherford. Dorothy
Coleman. Eulalle- Llnehan. John
Demaras. Camilla . , McOiffln. James
Devlin. Fannie McQultty. Andrew
Doherty. Joseph Mielke. M»t_
Dolan. Jamea W. Nelson. Frans O.
Ferchland. Ida O'Donnell. Ellen
Ferguson. J. Dwlght Phelan. Maggie
Flack. <JSeor_e D. . Quzeles. J. A.
Gaffeney. Stephen Rotmore. Samuet
Green. Ann!? E. Smith. Archie G.
GrlRsby,- William H. Stephens. Charlotte
GreanB. Eitza . Sullivan. Daniel
Harris. Bell Terrell. Mrs. E. G.
Kerwin. Catherine Williams. Elizabeth
Kearse. Maggie Wiseman. Margaret
BROPHY— In this city. February 24. 1901,
Sarah Ellen, beloved wife of John T. Brophy '
and mother of Police Sergeant William F.
and Thomas E. BrODhy. Mrs. James F. Ford.
Mrs. Henry Lafrenz and Mary Alice Brophy.
a natlye of Wales, aced BG years 10 months
and 1 day. <Utle«. N. Y.. papers please copy.)
(TTFrlends and acquaintance are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this dny
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 237 Ninth street, between Folsom and
Howard, thence to. St. Joseph's . Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will bo
celebraled for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. • • • ¦ ¦
BROWNL1E— In San Diego. February 24, 1901,
William O.. beloved eon of Jessie G. and
the late James Brownlle, and brother of Rob-
ert, James, John, David and Alexander
Brownlle, a native of California, aged 87
years 1 month and 29 days.
C_rFricnds and acquaint* nces are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan A Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, M«r.
FCNERAL DIKECTORS AND EMUALMERS,
10 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES Al'GINN & CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALMER6
214 Eddy St.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
Telephone South 576.
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' ... Cemstery Assoc : atioa
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. .
The charge for cremation to church members
and members of organization* bavins presiding
officers and secretaries and their families u
130. All others $33. Expenslva coffins and or-
naments are seldom used. A; niche in theCo-
lumbarian Is a monument and saves the coat
of a lot and. Its care and stone work. Send for
circular. ¦ "
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.
RAILWAY TBAVEL. '
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd 1 Lockl
Dally. Dally. Daily. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:60 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:23 p
" Merced .. l!:Kp 1:17 p 115 a
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p 1:05 a
" Hanford.. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:C« a
" Vlsalla.... 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a .;
" Tulare.... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfteld... 6:50 p G:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City »:41 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p ..„
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. tn. train is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passenger*. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 1:55 p.m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily.
8:00 t>. m. ts the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1118 Broadway. Oak-
land.
\CHICACO I
h LESS tton
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At 10 A. M.
Chicago, Union. Pacific
& North- Western Line'
f\OUBLE DrawingT^oom Sleeping
I J Can, Buffet, ' miking and Library
-*S Cars, teilh barbir. Diimg Cars —
meals alt carte. TDailv Tourist Car
Service and Pirsonilly Conducted Ex-
cursions ivtrv week from San Francisco
at 6 p. m. The ies(cf even-thing.
n. rt. FttTCiitE
617 Market it General Agent Pacific Oxut
Palace Jlotel SAX FBAXCriCO
- -
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vfca S__*aliu» Parry.
Commencing September 30, U00.
FKOM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
A.ND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. »9:15. 11:00 a. m.. «1:45.
8-15 4:W. 5:1*. •$:_>. 8:40 p. m.
EXTRA TKIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. • Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— -8:00; »10:CO. »ll:30 a. m., »UU,
»'15,7*4:44, 6:30. 9:00 p. m. -,
Trains marked »•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5:2O. 'S^O, 7:45. 9:30 a. ra..
•11:30, 1:41, •S:30. -4:30. 5:20 p. m.
KXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:20 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— «:««. -»:C0. - *l(h00. »ll:45 a. m..
•1.40, *2:13. 4:43. -6:J0 p. m.
Trains marked <•) start fiom flan Qaentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN, FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:43. 6:45. 7:55. 9:30 a. m..
i;:J3 2:10. 3:30. 4:54. 5:K> p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:ZO p. m.
BUNDAYK— J:C5. 10:00 a. rn.. 12:05. M3. J;30,
£.00. 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. •
1:43 p. m. eaturdaj-B-rTomalrt and way
stations. >. . ¦
8:C0 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and war
stations..
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco. 8tate of California—In the
matter of Honolulu Sugar •¦ Company, a cor-
poration, upon lt» application for a judgment
of dissolution. Notice.— No. 75.397, Dept. 10
Notice Is hereby given that Honolulu Sugar
Company, a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws of thn
State of California, and having Its office and
place of busineM In the city and county of
fian Francisco, State of California, has filed
its application, duly verified and signal by a
majority of Its board of directors, addressed
to the Superior Court of the city nnd county
of San Francisco, State of California, pray-
ing for a judgment of dissolution of said
corporation; and that Monday, March 23th
18C1. at 10 o'clock a. m.; nt the courtroom of
»ald court. Department No. 10. In the City
Hall of the .city and county • of ¦ San - Fran-
cisco, have bef-n appointed a* the day, time
and place for t.h? hearing of said Application*
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official Heal of said Su-
perior Court; this 2fth day of February," 1901.
[Sml] . - WM. A. DFANE. Clerk.
• By E. .M. THOMPSON. Dep-jty Clerk. (Tn-
¦ *<1orted.) Filed Feb. 23. 1911. WM. A. DEANU
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON. ' Deputy Clerk
ROOMS TO LIST — Forn. nnd tlnfnrn.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite ox
* Ingle; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
JONES. 511 — Newly furnished rooms for gentt-
only.
LILY ave., 134, near Octavia— Nice sunny fur-
nished front room; private family, rent $«._
MARKET. ll»2^N!ce bay-window suite three
rooms; new and clean; rent reasonable.
MINXA, C67, corner Eighth— Xewly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 3jc a day up.
O'FARRELL. KV-Sunny furnished rooms and
of nces; elevator; elee. lights; day, wk.. mo.
PINE. CSl. near Stockton — Sunny large room,
suitable for 2 gentlemen.
ROYAL House. 1!6 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, emoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per nlcht. 35c to $1 50: week, ti to
$S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House, ?19-S21 Ellis Bt.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth Et..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER, S20Vi— Changed hinds; newly reno-
vated; single rooms, $S; suites. $12 to J25 mo.
TREAT ovo.. 1014. bet. Twenty-third and Twen-
ty-fourth — Front room, suitable for 2; rent
moderate.
TWELFTH. Ill— A large, sunny, well-fur-
r.lshfd room; reasonable; phone and bath.
4 ROOMS ami bath, for adults only; also suit-
able for offlce; rent ?15. $1S. Call 40S Eran-
nan st., near Third.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubscrlptlons has been established at 1090
Valencia et.
ROOMS AXD nOAHD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex tO7 California st., may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and elghtly rooms at modest rates.
NEWLY furnished sunny suite and other sun-
ny rooms with board; modern conveniences.
1151 Octavia st.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
First st.
WANTED-^2 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping. Address. 2 days, box 1952. Call.
AXD SUI'PLIKS.
GREAT^ARG^AlSTs^TN^TYplE^^fERS^^
sell better machines for leys money than any
house in the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 638 California: telephone Main 26fi.
LEGAL ADVCHTISKMKMS.
OFFICE of the County Clerk, and ex-offlcio
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors, of th-s
County of San Mateo, State of California.
NOTICE OF SALE OF FRANCHISE.
Public notice is hereby given that on the
ISth day of February. A. V. 1901. W. D. K.
GIBSON, as applicant, made to, and filed
with, the Board of Supervisors of the County
of San Mateo. State of California, a written
application for a franchise and privilege,
which said application was, and is. In the
words and figures following, to-wlt:
"To thp Honorable the Board of Supervisors
of the County of San Mateo, State of Cali-
fornia:
"Gentlemen: I hereby apply to your hon-
orable body for a franchise and privilege to
construct and operate a single or double
track railroad, of standard gauge, for the
period of fifty years, with the privilege of
erecting and maintaining the necessary poles,
wires and appliances for an electric trolley
system, upon the following public highways
in the county of San Mateo, State of Cali-
fornia, to-wlt:
"1. Over, upon and across the Mission
county road on a center line "distant forty
feet, more or less, from its intersection wlt-i
the westerly line of the right of way of the
Southern Pacific Railrcad Company at Baden
crossing.
"2. Over, uoon and across that county
road at San Bruno known as San Bruno lane,
adjacent and parallel to the westerly line of
the right of way of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company.
"3. Over, upon and across that county
road at San Bruno known as the San Bruno
road, adjacent end parallel to the westerly
line of the right of way of the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company .
"4: In the townslte known as the Millbrae
Villa Tract, alons, over and upon that cer-
tain street known as Railroad avenue, which
Hep adjacent to the westerly line of the
right of way of the Southern Pacific Rail-
road Company, from the northerly boundary
line of said Millbrae Villa Tract to the south-
erly line thereof, with the necessary turn-
outs; and over, upon and across eaid Mlll-
rrae arenue. between - Railroad avenue an-!
Hemlock • avnue. 'to the southerly line of
Eald avenue.
"5. Over, upon and across that county roa-
st Burllngdme known as Burlingame avenue,
where San Mateo drive. It extended, would
Intersect said avenue. !
"fi. Oxer, u;>on and across that certain
road known as Peninsular avenue at Its in-
tersection with that road In Howard's Bur-
lingame townslte known as San Mateo drive.
"Together with all necessary switches and
turftouts.
"I respectfully ask that your Honorable
Beard advertise this application in accord-
ance with the prov-sions cf the act entitled.
'An act to amend an act entitled "An act
providing for the sale of railroad and other
I franchises in municipalities, and relative to
i granting of franchises." approved March 23,
ISM, by amending section 1 of said act,' ap-
proved March 19, 1S97.
"Dated Redwood City, California, Febru-
ary 12th. 1S01.
"W. D. K. GIBSON. Arrllcant."
And public notice is hereby further given
that on the said 18th day of February. 1901. In
open session of the said Board of Supervisors.
the said application was read apd considered,
whereupon .«ald board voted, and by resolu-
tion duly adopted, determined and announced
that it proposed to grant salU application,
franchise and privilege, and directed that the
fact that an application for such franchise
and privilege had be«n made to said board,
together with a statement that It was. and
Is. proposed by said board to grant the same
be ndvertlsed in The San Francisco Call, a
dally newspaper published In the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
as provided by law and as directed by said
resolution.
And public notice Is h*r?by further given that
the character of th<* franchise and privilege pro-
poffd to be granted by said b.^ard Is to con-
struct and operate a single or double track
rellroad, of standard gauge, with the privi-
lege of erecting and maintaining the neces-
| *Bry poles, wires and appliance* for an elec-
tric trolly system, and the term of its con-
tinuance is fifty years, nnd the route to b»
traversed by said railrcad is over, upon and
across the roads, highways and streets men-
tioned in Fald application.
And public notice is hereby further given
that pursuant to law and the said resolution
of said board and as thereby, and as therein
directed, the said Board of Supervisors pro-
pos«*s to grant the said application, franchise
and privilege prayed for by said applicant,
and that on Monday, the first day. of April,
A. D. 1901. Rt the hour of 10 o'clock a. m.,
at the chambers of said board, at the Court-
house In Redwood City, In the county of San
Mateo, State of California, bids or tenders
will be received by said haterd for such fran-
chise and privilege, and that said board will
then and th<re, in open session of said board,
read said bids and tenders and consider and
act thereon, and will award said franchise
and tirlvllege to the highest bidder, and In
accordance with the act of the Legislature
mentioned In said application.
By order of said Board of Supervisors made
and dated thfs 18th day of February. A. D.
1901. . M. H. THOMPSON.
County Cleric, and ex-offlclo Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, of said County of
Pan Mateo, State of California.
By H. W. SCHABERO. Deputy Clerk.
<Seal of Board of Supervisors.)
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California— In the
matter of the estate of THOMAS M. CLUFF;
deceased. Probate No. 22.SCS, Department 10.
Notice for publication of time appointed of
hearing petition for appointment of. trustee,
C. C P. 1705.— Notice la hereby given that
Friday, the Sth day of March. A. D. 1901. at
10 o'clock a. m. of that day and the court-
room of Department No. 10 of said court, at
the New City Hall, In the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for
hrartng the petition of MARGARET V
CLHFF for/ the appointment cf WILLIAM
OLCFF as pole trustee for • ALFRED
THOMAS CLTTFF (a. minor) under the last
will of eald decea-ed.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy CIrrk.
Indorsed: Filed February 23. 1901. WM. A~
DRAKE. Clerk: by V. F. NORTHROP
l>eputy Clerk.
JOHN H. DICKINSON, attorney for execu-
tors, room 2.*, third floor. Mills building.
llEAt.- ESTATE CITV KOIt SALES.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
' 'Arply A. M: BPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
12100— Four tn.all fiats; all r&nU-d for }30; halt
cash. ¦ . -'•
¦ J23S<J— Two -plen.ld flats; rented J23; near
Sixth.
$270<V-Two ewell Mission flats; 5 rooms each
and ftab'.e; rents 130: 'ijoruairs «3C0.
' 12^10— Sacramento tt.. . cast of Powell; rents
.125 -net.'ona tenant 12 years.
*32iO— Two nice fiati, i rooms -each; half-
block from Mnrk<*t St.
jriC^V-TThrc* nice flats: all rented; near Nlne-
t'oen'th and' Mission st«.; pays 10 per cent.
$.v>00 — Corner; 40x90. with good 10-room house;
HrA« st.
.. 'j;;00--Fou.r brand new flats, east of Van Ness
•;ave. ; all rented. $72.
$77*0— Splendid Investment; near Van Xeas
ave.; n<rus $Sl.
- tSiOO — HustnesE property; Ninth st., near Mis-
sion: rents $4.3.
. $11.000— Store and two strictly modern flats of
" and 9 rooms; north of Market st.
$12.500— Leavenworth . ft.; : rents $105; lot £5-
foot front.
*14,rXtf>— Three elegant flats; rented for J149;
swell locality.
S2S.00O— Near Howard and Third sts.; rents
J.00;bank mortgage $MC<)0; lot 48x160.
J2S.000— Business property- of 4 stores and S
flats: rents $*iO: lot 75_*) feet.
*S8.000— MisFion-st. corner; 176x160; actually
¦worth $55.000: -must f«ll at once.
KO.CWP-Comer; Golden Gate ave.; 137:6xJ37:6;
•rents 1240.'
J53.000 — Grand corner: 60-foct front; few
blocks Orpheum; rays c per cent net.
$75.00— Gran3 corner; 60- foot front; within-
block of Tivoli: old improvements; renta $400.
Other bargains. •
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. C67 Market st.
AN awful' sacrifice— Lot •B0-14S feet, with cozy
• '•cottace and blacksmith Fhop renting for $2&,.
I on "comer Fourth and CIJos sts.. San Rafael;'
I $:*"K) : half cash. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667
\ M * rkft ' ¦*-" ¦ .
I A-'THORCnrGIILY g'.lt-edge Investment; fine
¦ .-h'rick blr><k containir^ 6 stores and flats
I above: air rented; lot SCxlJS: northeast cor-
' -r.er; very- prominent: paying good lnter«»Pt"
! owner wants to no into oil. Apply to JAMES
. MAPON, Notary. 425 California St., San
Francisco. ¦
"C-IEAPE8- lots In the Western Addition;
• couth west. cor. Pine and Lyon r ts. : 7 lots 25
xino and 25x57:6; J1200 to Jl".00. McOLYNN &
¦ :.M.£NTON. rocm 12, Chronicle building.
j A r.AUGAIN— 7 flats neur City Hall and G. G.
I" ave.: »=i>len<iid condition: always rented: In-
[¦ - enme nreo a. year: pay.= 6 per cent.over all e_-
' _-i>-r.ses. .W. G. Griffith, r. 311-U. Examiner.
i. $1700— .A SNAP; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
!-.. ¦tretet accepted : ctone sidewalk; lot 23x33.
I-. PATTggSOM & CO., 11 City Hall square.
L'FOIt the beet located lots In nichmond and the
I f hpare«t cail rn W. J. GrXX. t:30 California.
j. ItKAL ESTATE— COLWTHY For Snle
I A MOST excellent S80-acre stock and general
farm; nearly all tillable; CO acres creek bot-
? nin. ' perfect garden soil; complete set good
buildings' best watered ranch In the county:
• 'Ttir less than $5 per acre; worth three times
j the amount.'
REMEMBER—I'm accurately acquainted
! ith more country rrooerty for sale and ex-
j' change than all other agents In P. F. : 3000
..tanches on my list: state what's wanted and
get reliable "descriptions of bargains.
-X. D. SICKELS. the LanJ Agent. 6 Geary st
FARM for sale at public auction March 2. 1901—
Half mile. Sonoma.: 37 acres in orchard an.l
vineyards furnlshed house 11 rooms. 2-story:
¦barn 40x50; horse?, wagons, poultry, farming
implements; sale en premises at 1 p. m.
¦ ' FRANK CHELINI. Sonoma.
CHEAP little town homes: also country prop-
•eny: in eastern Contra Costa Co.; write Ju*t
. • what you desire and receive reliable lnforma-
tlcn. P. MACARTNEY. Antioch. Cal.
1 LOT In El Paso de Robles; 113 front by 300
feet deep, $125.
83 . acres In Sams ¦JJalley, Jackson Coun-
ty. Or.: good fruit land: house, bam, well,
creek; fine climate: no frosts; on county road;
rear school and railroad; $500 cr trade.
II. G. D., 131 San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
.BARGAIN — l*i acres to rent or for sale; near
, San Matfo. Apply 2C7 Church St., near Mar-
ket: call after 5 p. m.
¦WRITE J. TV. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free ccpy.'of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
•JT»X .I9d 1$ # 3UHJ««J -«OJ *-t9dd-B_._ U| 'B3STM Jl
'WO JflVAV »UX— B^oaa S JO J SA»»a S.M33AY V
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
. ALAMEDA ItKAL LSTATK.
VERT special bargains: fcreClosur* properties r
• ¦•cer.ulne'e'naps; •enough said, as I do not be-
¦ hove in extended ads. J. A. REMMEL. Bay
'¦ f-tatton. Al^meda.
!. VfK A VTIFCL -modern cottage. 6 rooms; lot 60x
1 ' "l&O;. choi stable, etc.; a sacrifice;
e&'ry terms.. A. G. BURNS. 1501 Park St..
• jtOjinwia. ... . : • • ... . .
2 -NEW cet'tad*. « rooms: $2400 and I2S00; fine
¦lots; tenas. • J;'.H. YOUNG. Builder. 1243
' 'Park st. : . • . ¦
OAKLAND- ADVERTISEMENTS
' .OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE^
$17i CASH.. flO monthly— New cottage, 3 large
..ST>oms; "-'foot basement; brick foundation; 4
, .la'rge leve^ lots, &Cx256r price all told, $775; will
' . fence and finish Up to suit buyer; plenty of
..**>'ter: sqII. climate and view the very >>«t;
JctCJM to electric car line arid 90-foot wide* bou-
¦:leyard. ao--not far from mcdel 6choolhouse:
.ho- fogs nor raw wir.ds here; adjoining East
Oakjand; 10 buildings gone up already, more
' tonil.ng: call or send for circular: 4.i5 Seventh
etV opposite Broadway ptatlon. Oakland; car-
. rlage free. HENRY Z. JONES. Owner.
BANKER'S home; 8 rooms; half block choicest
¦grounds; .cost $15,000; reduced to <SXH); offer
w_nte<t" quick; going Germany. Laymance
' Heal E«ate. Co.. 460-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
FOR'bareaJns, In Berkeley or Oakland proper-
ty fcce'K. J. MONTGOMERY, room 3. fourth
T-oor. Mills building, San Francisco, or 457
• Ninth ct.. Oakland.
OAKLAXb; Ft 'ttMTUIlE FCIl SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Fchellhaas. the
' furniture deaJer. Jlth and Franklin. Oakland.
• KOO.ilS VOll HOUS^KEEPIXG.
CHESTNUT. :?2— 1 cr 2 sunny furnished rooms.
CJIE^TN'UT; 2r»3— Sunny furn. rooms for house-
keeping;. 1 cher-p; <ine view;. quiet nelshborhood.
fcr>I>Y. 2»>7— Nicely fur/iifhed front room; run-
ning water; gas; ch?_ji; quiet house.
ELEVENTH. 106-Nicely Xumiohed bay-wln-
•' dow suite- for housekeeping; al»o single rms.
ELLIS. Clt— 3. rooms, newly furnished, house-
"ke«pfnr,*$20: also 2 rooms, J13 5<); sunny.
FOLSOM. 7o7A-Nlcely furnished rooms; bath;
g_s: use of kitchen if dftslred.
GOLDEN. GATE ave.. 622 — Sunny bay-window
.Fulte 3 Ymn. ; hot, cold water; yard; laundry.
HAIGHT, 2M— For couple. 2 nicely appointed
house keeping roome; gas range; telephone;
reference.
ECTDB. V>S— Sunny front suite, complete for
housekeeping ;*a!so large room.
OAK. 113— 2 sunny front rooms, furnished for
_heavy " housekeeping; large closet; 112.
OCTAVIA. 1403, corner Geary— Furnished bay-
window; mantel, large room, with kitchen
complete. ,- v - * , t . ; •
EIXTH.- 136— Sunny, rooms for light housekeep-
ing: also room for gentleman.
STOCKTON. M7-l2leEantly furnished floor of
• 4 sunny rooms; also single rooms.
TWELFTH, ir-1 Vjr 2 rooms and kitchen fur-
n!she<" for housekeeping.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726, near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms;, n'.ce, neat, complete.
VALENCIA. 12i; — Sunny alcove room: fur-
ni-iK-d; light housekeeping; gas; bath; near
d«>r.oU
tlO— 4 rnoms. SIS Thirteenth St.. near Guerrero.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and dubscriptlans
received at Cal! branch office. 2J00 Fillmore »t.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisement! and
rub»crlptlons has been established at 1W«.
Vaiencl* tt. * *-¦.--¦•*¦'.
KOUMS TO LKT—l'nrn. nnd Unfnra.
AHLEORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Dest dol-
' lar a day family hotrl In city; polite attend-
ance; large room*; modern conveniences rooms
'Kic up; firet-cla*s meals 2ic; free coach.
A— I'.RIJNSWICK House. US Sixth-Rooms 25c
to $1 per night:$l 25 to 55 per week, and light
housekeeping: open all nlzbt.
Bl'RXETT. HIG Market (old No. " 1S64)— Fur-
r.if !n ¦! rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. WO (The Elk)— Changed hands; nicely
furn. sunny rms.. elngle, en suite, newly reno-
vated; all conven. iir». K. M. Ramsey, prop.
EDUT, 303 .. Sunny bay-winduw rooms; gas;
phone; rent reasonable.
EDPT. 770— Handsomely furnished back pariur
and other rooms; running water; bath.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms '."to
let.
FILRERT. 614— Nicely furnished sunny alcove
rooTA. nultable .ffr J gentlemen.- . . .
FULTON-. !?S— Large furnished double room;
l.ath; ruitabl" for two. .
.GEARY. 40! (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
1 rms; suites or single; traveler* accommodated.
' »1CSICJ»L. ISSTIICMEXTS.
ANT person basibff j_Sa"fef a plcno can !>e as-
. ;wJt_a_JC_te4.-*-§n>ri___, day & Oo.'s with
¦¦.• ; »-cfc'.est rnvmer's. JtOVC-t prices and, most r«-
- I:aV.e. ma-pry to .choose from. Each- the beit
"•.< f thdr cra^to. .from -Stoir.*.-_v down. Priv-
. 'lil^Kp" Eivetr' \n -ex'-harrre" medium an«J low
:*, I«1ce_. pttbpi ifr a. xrew BteUway _n.y^.ir._>
• -within.-. .thrfW.yv-r.i from da:e of purcbase.
; BeauV.firf:V<"vv .y*t.;:h!« scsli f or $S cash: and
'. TS per .nv-^i'.h. .%>>.- .jfTor f> srll . rosie cot.1
¦ ":>!«nos-. ¦!>:¦- ts." *« aad $ti p«>f month. SHnft.
:'MaN..- J.-L--V1V »V rr J-. tfflnway dealers, .cpr-
.r.er" K^a'JTor^sr.d butter fts., . San- • Franclfco; .
¦' c*»_trr,C?oaa i ?*r*- - an<i Thirteenth.' «t.. ' Qak-
'¦'¦'¦ I * Bd r'- : -•'.'-''"'-•¦ ¦'•- " * '• . -' ' - :
•AT •••£•!.'' :<-e^^'< x: vntil March lFt. 70 neir _pianos..
. ¦' n> ojC--;GrwtSBt' offer ever ma«ie In prices'
:'„-.<! t.-rr^« $3 per month, and -up.- ' .
¦••¦«;'._*.«.{_w*j_ -....-. ; .- l......,....$:CS
'¦¦ .'I KovJla .-:.-. .-.."..-. ..¦...¦,..:. '.'. 1ST
. Vnanei & n_Tts.. ......;..- :.....;.L..M9S
¦--.V,-H«?in*-. ..-....;... ;..„...;. ::...t2S5
¦ -. 7-v'hiclterIhes,. &> oj.h<«n« '...¦ %..'.._J240
*"-,'- * t^> •frffotf »H makes; '.afrerits tor. sortie of
¦_h« oljrrt and roast '{afiiciiis pianos' : in. *x-
.'/ '-.fteafe.'.'Hallct Davla. lirhr Bros.. •J«"wett
etc.: ::p^!its wanted. HEINE- PIANO CiJM-
: PANT.. :iT' Gfary e%. . ¦ - - ' . . :
"AB8OHJTEH.T the VMp« awl largest • h.ouse
weft of Ohiraro j« KOHLER & CHASrE'tS. 2*.
;'•.?* and SO OKarrell «.: plar-os. organs and-
'.nil cthrr rnunical .tr.strur_' > nTs cf all grades
'• and r>»-icps: Mr_w Va>y;- prices lowest; every--
¦-'-. .-thing risible- don? to' rVaseand..satlsfy- the
cuttcr.fr. ... ¦¦ . '..--. . •' ¦ .
TVE have too rhany: r'^ona-hanil pianos; price
from *30 to. *i:.0:.-. ill -re' cheap: crowded for
'.' room fur-, new. pianos-, pr.iop*. and- terms beat.
.' rent; new- pianos -fri'r.) IKS' up; see -the new
Hsrlcton-rifn^r.jr Letter ma'des ; TIIE J.
' DETCTXN G : . e^>. '. ¦ Fiao'l building. •'.. .
A POXA-Fl'nr : e3j-WXt_»-«wt removal ' saile of
¦•• fee-nd-h.-vriu i'Ssf. •• >t !" w a«ciion. prices, $_)
ep (this wx* ''-:>».- WILSON'S Storase. 1710
WarV't-.ti..'. 1 - ¦ ' .- :..-;¦ . . ¦ - : I
VAXTHP- -£cc^_<J-h_n_ piano ch«-ap for c'asir; •
no dealers.. ;]Bpy.MW. JCall -ofn.<>e.; .'¦'.'¦.'. i
¦VANTiif^l^-e p'-md square.. rilahos for coun- !
' <r ? «'j -hooly: -.BYP..OX MAfZY. 30S Post st_.'!
' 'FlGH-'-n.'.r'i; pitinrv: fteclt- Hardinan Con-'
cat c.".d othfrs. \Vil#y R.-Allezi C6.. _;4 Po?ti
¦•BAliGAIX— *ft_Ct he sold; .rjice" _prt=hf piano".
' PCUMi.TZ. -16: McAllister; ft.'.: next lllb. : Bank. I
A NEARLY new grand upright chear': bfiUlap.tl i
; wpr:ul totve. HO11XUN.G.-.:K McAUiner. I
'•J'TROX J-AVZV..' agency Sn_mef &Ca. Byron '<
Slaurv. Gab'.pr and gpetrra-n.p!ario»; 3?S Pcjit. |
OX tale— Stelr.way upright;' 'fZQQ. .-217 ¦ Qeary. E t., - 1
r«m 2C ¦••.¦-, • , .;. _•; .••.-¦ ,i
FFKCIAL FALK-Imn-.prif^.r<viuhtiQn«: see our
Ipsder. only $:r,0.. JJRUEXV.. COS P.psf «f. • . }
AT.KEEFFETPS23 MarkeVyrt...' 4~elegar.t up^ j
r.'chts at your «;wii . price;- K.hof.'.r.pcr. agency. '
KEt iT rent «f>cV In rity-' !n»jv" t>iar. or. t' v'r
r-.onth. SOOTT-CI-'aTA?:^ <6(t .Hayes et. •' . -• I
FTPKRron vUihr.s. r-lther?. e\i "a-rvi new'.; IL '
Ml'LLTIU. maker. rpt-aiTfrj-'i Lqtharn : Mace.
OFFICES AM) IFiynftrff' Tt». -JjKT.
CORNER Ftore— ivest eor.r.er '.Fourth and Pern-.j
ista.; occ-upiixi as griicpry aKd bar for past 30 !
year*: rvnt 139; ¦e-at>r TH-p. ! Arply to G. H. ]
I'liliSES & CO.. 14 Monajnwr' «t. ' -.
TO L*t— Ci^ar ft ere at 1446 Markpt st.;- rent t3V
CHEAP, light orf.ee*. Emma: Spreckels build-
ing, JT7 Market ft. < '• . "/-. • '
OXI_ '
OIL lanis fcr t_ie— 13* acres positively proven
oil land for Eale in S:-St, .T. Tt. R. f7.Kern
River diFtrict. tlZ'-Q per acre; wi!l.se.U In-
20-acre lets and Kpward. ' "Calf or address
A. K. PtTRCXVAL /t .'CO..-£S> Nineteenth. «t-..
Uakersfi'^d. • . .--.' ' -. •; . . "
" .JOSEPH B.TOPWTZ, 333. Pine street.
VEUBEB. -PP.ODrCEn.S'.:pIL EXCHANGE.
OaUiit'u eorre?z>cir.iirnc solicited.
OIL LfXHS FpR 8ALR
CVARTEIl sectlcn Kern Vaba.- at SIB an acre:
frijot indications of .cil. .Uoi liiGS. Call office.-
KEfiN niv»r;'rro.v^h"{errltcry; line of-Rl R.
N?--t«n, Carman &¦ Pomes.' t.. 104. Chronicle. ¦
j*AL>'i_iii_; ,.vsi>:i>i>c«mAToiis. ..
W'ail !«i»er. KlpSow -sK_cies';- rooms "papered, |3
. ::vp 3er.+eTt '& Bath. S".S Si_th:"or*n evenings.'
. : ;:rAL^USTlt W "' . '.. *'.'¦
U. 7ERO_rE^OpSELLfTTdp>itiHs7p7»m^
¦ Ttywt<;; *>et..G.pary.ar.4.'p;>gt; tel.: Black CC1.
______3__*!_2_____^' 10^**- _____
a^Vice" '.?*e\: ¦tvi'. i__4«-:-.: nr--"**? : - -pdc<?eBsfU:.-
nRO. J3.-.CAMPIJELL. LgTT> et. Ktattilner.-blg;
;^,vKJRi?jt5O\AL*. }¦'/. ; : .'; :¦"¦:
CEIcrrijBMAJ*.' :«..'.. j~-rw-.- «5*i.- ' .vritti' .-m-ar>-.'
.w:ft>*e;r-_3.-.ir.'fet; -i:r.>-r>ur.g.:!_(!y tjir wl^ow 'tb*
. M.rKP age; : '6bjeet/ .-matnAMn-y.--' AddFess. hox.
¦.'¦ : }*t% -,j3att 'tfter : ; .. .- ;••:•¦•: -> .-.'. . •"
• 1 CfVN-O -' ; .n:-a'^f?irot>4 : 'c-ria«ctJ!irC'_.es\rW-to cor-
refp*';i_!."i-;.th:.:Sr*a'^ "• y-<rrng- Jady;.' object,
' matrj^of.y.;-.F;^l^"MlKUO i ;ili6 : ll'0.war<l. st.',
y^Alife:Wefc t>^ter-T^c^iY»d:";.' ¦ :-^. ' gf.;.
•..JinSPECTABTi;t;..rer:t:*_jia7i j\"tio" fcis-' 'a good
'. ¦ tvs.re?s wir^.'^f.-ta; raeet a Ireyi-eqt&ljle Scan- '
<I:r.«\*la.n laiy -B.bc<ut -rS A'eaj-s'- of ¦ ege; ¦• ©bject,
¦ rgarrtage-. ¦¦•got'.: 364. -.Catt. efflce. ..... r .
; ._v JiKSPECTilJLj::- is.?^tlenian .'wlkhea <o - meet
: . r»»re.^-t;e -:if *y ;. opJ«r\,."m_rriaRe. ' Box M842V'
c-{i;ogioev;^.^r.. •... ;.¦¦ ;¦ ; j -..:¦¦•-;•> -.-
I > Rl.VA'jE T dft>crivei'w.rr ; k> rpa'1-.or.a.ble "rates;-10
.; >-<_.Tg"->xT>»rifir_-g; .; : 3. : B.- .It A;Y;- i?7 Jessie st. .
. IF J-ob jrifct-'f? tie i jrcj:ej*'f61.;jfa a-2Lyo.r'.aCalfs '.
.¦¦ ar.<J hff.ns.- hrairh. b_M_a««-t'tq«V«_4-aJl that
. • .1". '3ci>oi • .w'.iSjk/Tf.uri.r^aiEh.-'f yoii mu— t-learxi-
.: hp»- . to- JnSaefttfe.' twplf-:.: I"wlil <ra£h. you
..' ;how;' Mn?.; 3*.ALgJ?X.-;l3 L^ayonworth st:.'-
PROFfv-^lI-.'ireSJOK'K'-S .'.m'Tfterai. Dil--ahif
,'a<ly-;-icOod ?<> . ' fi.r'ifry..'/ par- 1& is ' : and' ; rujv-
,. . Jut* 1 -. ; *^ R »•?*''?'•** .-*<t'-: :nv;|ii» : c arid S.'- _ . 1
'¦- Av** l oTpnilij.Y ._!id ¦Fedora £m%, :%i 7?. Popi- :
I-T-; t'rtpe- H-?;»tt> : S30 KeaJT,y st..- xie^ar.Tlne.-J
FINE *_tta;-.fl_j -<JreFJi pintt«; ti %>.' MLSFIT
; CLOTETI y.*_ PAH t-OrtS.-. <37 : 3.f on tgorn-ry - e-t, .
'. MAjF'-.'-TE.KApE: iCOStec**,; ipijiy-bf>oks..'.wl^s;'
:--<^^rytry,. Q'rjjeiti.j GO.L-DSXEfI.N &' CO-i ,T?3 Mkt;
' ¦CttfVp ham*"vt*& t*« h^itiiy .boy' or ntfl -babjv
- F^.lC_;.lft6.iajgri'th; St.. Alameda. :'•"
. 'rXECTH»C- : :>.!p : ht';.rn -.ev^ryi.'foorn— wiji.chesttr
, Hotel..: 14 Tlj!f<3- *t. ;.' nftajr ¦ Mark^f ; M : r6orr ( Ti :¦
¦ :. fitC.-.to-.'-Jl'-EO. per flls-ht^ tt E&Vto -J6 'p^r*- tr«eic';
¦'-fiyt.-'^a-'iia: t«f p.ajr« to- ercdlrorh/tlTe ferry.:
' TliHITE-VriaTri'M.'irrn'Wiln'.-.iitiifer^ th'rp» : -<Juart»T'
: -. ¦'.._* YjflC_t>le.. --tiJS:- ¦fcA.SrKIlN <ijffFITTIN<i'
'¦ CO..- l?A r <-"i\2/ gtpc)gqa. tt^, >p*ar Droidw-ay.; ' .
. EPniNC..Ft>-:?>.- : K»-r^a : nlij4frpThjr T r7^w- ready!'
; •- ' ••ppraei-tte"- otter. VBt M^.rlrpt.st : . nr... Sixth. •
¦ .MA'TSIKK ¦¦.nirBiflr, : rnftal spinninr. -brass fliC-
¦¦¦¦¦lf?;h>g.fc:mr:<rp> rf.-fle. -A. "Traff, .ia.Steven.son-.'
FLTEnFLrOrfFJ- ihalr .36^ : rnM!>s- de*tr.oye4 with-
:.. gLectric ;-_c-a^-;: : yiy,S EATP-N..JHS gutter Ft'.
.-.PR. jLAMOTTJirs ..French': "^onTpaint. -ihe -best;
•¦'corn oure; . 23cj^- <fi _ru(risift,«:. " '. . ' '• :
AI-FRKHUM?'. J7«-i - pt'l-n. Henna: r»f tor. i gray
.'.heir r<-~ :t~ jia<'.;r»; r-olor: •$!: ; at _«tll ilrugglytg.
;r«ysi9rA>p.A.VD; : suiitico.\sl • . "
T-71..C. C. O'TXlNNEiiT-JcSfnVe and .'re>!l<J»noe
'. : : .!'¦-!<» 'M-r^«t;. K .bf<wf«ii Pjxth'and fi»venth.
.T)Tl,- ; Wn^G •" jjlM.;' • herb • dotfor. Buccefff ully
•'.' fr^st-s aJ! dipeAse's of the^ human body: s<»e
• i>i".tot-»'i !n _t 315-U*: M-gon. nr. Ellia.-
HEAL, ES*Ail3---dlTy--FOn SALE.
GfeO. • 5V/H. IPATtEESON &'<X). : • T
.' . V.^U offer 3q>r sale *t auction MONDAY.
M_rcli 4, -1*71. >t : -ii.o>lf*k -m.. at their cf-
.. n<^i ,11. ~!tr~Ha.ir. hiuare; tli» following de-
• . »cri_£l I'r'pirt-, improved >in3 unimproved:
.-.'•• * IMT-rtOVKl* rR.OPEHTT.
*..E. rornpj- < irnyt- and "Webster sts
.'. Nx?.:- 4is' bos-MN rt.. - :• ' '
-' *F*J~ '*crr.«-i I .Nj?*-_ii'l Twenty-iwond ««.
: "£ : _5 5___? r<>J 2? ttotl11 * anfl Hartford sts. .
. S.:K. -corner Thmieth etii fhurrh M»
:t£*sa IO, Fair .Oak. n*. *„, ¦ . •*
J__-V; romcr Seventh-nth an_ Church iu. •
' -J47JI to KM Valencia. Ft.' ¦
• 70 and 72 Whitney «t.
24 > *.Vhitney «. • ,
<T'4 «nd <"¦£ Sanchez et. ¦'
" 171S I>>avenw^.rth. et. - .-..'-'
OUS_PttOV_n> PROPKrtTY-.
S. I>. corner I>olr>rps and Liberty ets. ?'.¦'•**
f5. W. cnrn*r' Twcnty-^l^h'th ave. anffU'et.
Bi.TF. rorr.rn PMnceton and' Manse It ets.
(Thcr.ery' ft., rear Palmer.
N. K. cot_er- <"«11pg*> -and OJmstead .»ts.
Ti^ent>'-sTx*h av»., near K jrt.
Tw»*nty-fri_rth ?.v». an-1 .-Bermu'la st.
- S. W. coniT 22. ft. and Aldcn ave.
fir-* r,ur' ratalopue.
¦ I/K1,; at thfs-flne bersaln; Jnst what a con-
tr- .or stnd builder is looking for; only |S7S
f-a'-h. JlS.Vi for .bfth together, for thope two
dtojoe lew on wert hide E.leventh • ave.. 1SS
feet n^rth of -Clement, en t^ie elevated Bround
and Fitolj-. fine marlue view; all etreet work
<\c,t\(-. rant pacing every 'fur mlnuto*. Th«"i"»
lots werf i«?l«»ct»^l on account- of being so
well located and rest JICOO each. No expense
for warrh of titlp a.s lliat is furnished to the
Layer. A few day* ago a lot *old for J300 tn
•'.» n^rth of then* lotf. in -the same block:
• ~ry i*>rn.s ir «!.-Fir~«l: VA flrei payment. W.
c J ni.'NN, :*) California st.
UODEB2I flr.t!" and cotUKe* built: low prices;
- ; lar.* and r«tlmate« furnlshod: drop postal.
BALSgggT. builder, office 1333 Market Ft.
CTTACE. 6 rooms (modern); lot ;.x73:C;
fiovstoira location; mist have money: pacrl-
e f.c. $4fiTjO. Addrers Ii. C-. box 1775, Call.
tr.fy-— LOT 4'»x5!O. «i:ii J-rtory bulldine. fur-
nttiMd atmrv and ftoo* of #ro<vls; well renteds
Addret* Owner, box IVsJ. Call ofUce.
H" jou have lot* tr> -ell north of the Park, th*n
oil on W. J. GIXKS. K» California st.
("Wednesday), from the residence of hU
mother, 207 Diamond etreet. between Nine-
teenth and Twentieth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
BURNS— In this city, at Harbor View. James
D. Burns, a native of Harbor View. San
Francisco, agred 9 years 9 months and 10
days. .
CAFPES-In the City and County Hcppltal,
Februsry 24, 1901. Sarah Cappes, a native of
England, aged 70 years.
COFFKY— In the City and County Hoapital.
• February 24, r 1901, Delia Coffey, a native of
Missouri, aged 38 years.
COLEMAN-In this city. February 24. 1901,
Eulalle, loving wife of Wilfred L. Coleman.
youngest daughter of Mrs. Laura Ekrcleston.
and sister of Mrs. J. C. Haughy and Mrs.
C. E. Morse, a native of Southnort, Eng-
land. (Southport and Liverpool, England,
papers plea;e copy.)
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wedreaday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, l«40 Post street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemeterj'.
DEMARAS-In this city, February 22. 1901.
Camille Dcmaras, wife, of the late Caeemlr
Demaras. a native of Lyons, France, aged 32
years.
C_Trlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from. the parlors
of A. \V. Martin & Co.. 319 O'Farrell street.
DEVLIN— In this city. February 24. 1901. Fan-
nie Devlin, a native of Ireland, aged 80 years.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 6:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to 8t. Patrick's Church for services
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by 10:40 train from Third and Town-
eend streets.
DOHERTY— In this city, February 24. 1901,
Joseph, beloved eon of the late Hugh and
Amelia Doherty, and brother of Mary, Mar-
garet, Edmund, James, Millie, Sadie. Ger-
• trude, Charles and Harold Doherty, a native
of San Francisco, aged 26 years.
C~ Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1945 Howard street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a requiem
high mars will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DOLAX— In this city, February 23, 1901, James
William, beloved son of James and Bridget
Dolan, a native of San Francisco, aged . 21
years and 9 months.
FETRCHLAND— In this city. February 23, 1901,
Ida, beloved wife of Charles Ferchland. a
native of Wunschelburg, Schlesslen, aged 31
years 10 months and 19 days.
C7"The funerel will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to .fit. Boniface'B Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 8 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FERGUSOX-In this city. February 26, 19*01, J.
Dwlght Ferguson, a native- of Knoxvllle.
Tenn.. aged 19 years and 7 months.
B_~ Notice of funeral hereafter.
FLACK— In this city, February 24, 1901, George
D., beloved husband of S. M. Flack, and
father of William M.. Minnie M., Jennie E..
James M.. Mabel (J.. Maud M. and Sadie E.
t Flack, a native of 'Jhelrea, England, aged 62
years 5 months nnC 9 days. X,
tTTtiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Mission Ma-
sonic Temjjle, 266S Mission .street, under the
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 169. F. and
A. M. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
via Southern Pacific Company's train leav-
ing Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets at 3:30
o'clock. Kindly omit flowers.
GAFFEXET— In the City and County Horpltal.
February 24, 1901. Stephen Gaffeney, a native
of Pennsylvania, aged 41 years.
GrtEANG — In South San Francisco. February
24, 1901, Eliza Greang. beloved mother of
Fred and Honry Greang and Mrs. Petersen,
and sister of Mrs. J. Adams, a natlv» ti
Hesse-Darmstadt. Germany, aged 58 years.
H_rFrlends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P. Petersen, 22S McAllister street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GREEN — In this city, February 22. 1901.
Annie E. Green, beloved mother of Cla>.
Harry and Melbourne Green, a native of
Xew Hampshire, aged 70 years and 8 months.
(Eastern papers, please copy.)
B_TThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from St. John's
Episcopal Church, Fifteenth street, between
Valencia and Mission. Interment private.
GR1GSBY— In Eldrldge, Sonoma County, Cal.,
February 23. 1901. William H. GrUsby. be-
• loved son of Mrs. Isabelle Pooley, and father
of Gertrude M. Grigsby. a native of San
Francisco, aged 45 years. A member of Rlncon
Parlor No. 72. N. S. G. W.
(nyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at t o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 125 Fourth street, between Howard
and Folsom. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Fourth and
Harrison etreets.
HARRIS— In this city, February 25, 1901, Bell,
beloved wife of Edward Harris, daughtef of
the late J. J. and Bell Kelly, and sister of
the late Mrs. Edward Malley, a native cf
San Franclfco.
KERWIX— In this city, February 23, 1901.
Catherine, beloved wife of Thomas Kerwin.
and mother of Mrs. M. Johnncn and Thomas
and Maggie Kerwin. a native of the parish
of Cloone, County Leltrlm, Ireland, aged 56
years. .. , : . . ¦
KEAHSE— In this city. February 23. 1901. Mag-
gie, beloved wife of Michael. Kearse, mother
of Christy, Wlnefred and Gertrude Kearae,
daughter of Joseph and Catherine Hodge,
and. sister of the late Joseph Hodge, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 34 years 1 month
and 24 days.
KEYES— In this city. February 25. 1901. O.- H.
Keyes. brother of A. T. and D. . W. Keyes.
and father-in-law cf Mrs. Addle Keyes. a
native of New Hampshire, aged 74 year*.
(Boston papers please copy.)
(CXotlce of funeral hereafter.
KXOBLOCH-In this city, February 23, 19C1. at
the residence of her parents. 91 Brosnan
street. Gretchen, dearly beloved daughter of
Charles and Margarethe Knobloch, a native
of Los Angeles, Cal., aged 10 years 1 month
and 24 days.
cyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
KXOP— In this city. February 24, 1901. Au-
guet Knop, & native of Germany, aged 68
years 4 months and 27 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodcr Dlerks, 957 Mission street,
1 between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
LILLY (nee LORIGAN)— In this city, Febru-
ary 18, 1801, Katherine, beloved wife of
Thomas Lilly of steamship Coptic, devoted
mother of Eugene B. and George F. Ully,
daughter of B. • 'W. and the late Mary E.
LorlKan, and sister of Mrs. T. D. E. Wilson
and Mary F., Nellie T., Frank B. and Mat-
thias C. Lorlean, a native of Chicago, aged
39 years and 5 days.
E_r Interment from vault at Holy Cross
Cemetery this day (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock.
LINEHAN— In the City and County Hospital,
' February 24, 1401, John Llnehan, a native of
California, aged 82 years.
McQIFFlN— In this city. February 23, 1901,
James, beloved son of Margaret and the late
James McGlffln, and brother of Mrs. H.
Wollenschlarer. Mrs. Fred Webster and the
late Rutherford McGlffln, a native of San
Francisco.
ETFrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother. SOS Stelner street.
MIELKE— In San Diego. Cal.. February 21.
1901 Meta, beloved wife of the late Charles
Mlelke mother of John Mlelke, Mrs. R. Mil-
ler and the late William and' Charles Mlelke,
and sifter of Mrs. M. Klrchner and the late
tMrs. F. Kuhl, a native of Hanover. Ger-
m {r5rThe funeral services will be held this
day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at St. Paul's
German Lutheran Church, corner Eddy and
Gough streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
McQUITTY— In this city. February 25, 1901,
Andrew, husband of Jane S. McQultty, and
father cf Mrs. James F. McKay and Dr. Wil-
liam A. and Jennie McQuitty, a native of
BallJmena, County Antrim, Ireland, aged 62
year* * months and 11 days.
r_rFunpral services will be held to-morrow
\ (Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, at the First
United ¦ Presbyterian Church, corner Polk
street and Golden Gate nvenue. Interment
private. Masonic Cemetery- . No flowers. ;
VeLSON— In this city. February 23, ' 1901,
Frans Oscar, beloved husband of Alma V.
Nelson, a native of Sweden, aged 42 years Jl
months and '11 days.
0_?'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
O'DONNELL— In this city; February 24. 1901.
Ellen, beloved wife of Michael O'Donnell.
and mother of Joseph E. O'Donnell, a native
of Ireland, aged 65 years.
c_rThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), from St. James Church. Twenty-
third and Guerrero streets, where a mass of
requiem will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PHELAN— In this city, February 24, 1901, Mag-
gie- dearly beloved wife of Nicholas Phelan,
daughter of Jane and the late PatrlcK .Mc-
Donnell, and sister of Frank McDonnell and
Mrs Kate Corwell. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 32 years and 5 months.
CTTFrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 708 California street, thence to St.
• Mary's Church, California and Dupont streets,
where a -requiem hleh mass will- be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing nt 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Croek
Ccmeterj-.
QUZELES— In this city, February 23, 1901, J.
A beloved brother of K. A. Quzeles. and
nephew of P. N.. P.M.. J. X.- and A. N.
Quzeles.. a native of Greece, aged 19 years.
CyFriendR *nd acquaintances are, respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of MeAvoy & Co.. 1230 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth.' thence to the Greek
Church. Powell and Union fitreets. foV ser-
vices. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ROTMORE— In this city. February 23, 1901.
Samuel Rotmore, a native of the Hawaiian
Islands, aged 38 yean*.? i;*
• try The ¦ funeral will take place thfs day
(Tuesday), at -10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J.» C. O'Connor ft Co., 767 Mission street,
the nee to . St. Patrick's Church for services.
•Interment ; Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:10
train from Third and' Townsend streets.
¦BATL-WAY TBAVEL. . •
TABLE D'HOTE
DINNER
Dinner 13 ssrvad tabls d'hota ¦
an j breakfast and lunch •
a la carte en the Santa Fa . ;
Dining Cars golnjto Chicago. •
. The service Is not eq ja'ed \
; by other railways, and yon ||
I go through In 3 da>s 01 ths ji
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
1 1
movTur.nn r*rin«; coxrilt.
(y.oirio stst-m.)
fi_4» !••-• •»••* «»r» •!_• »• itrrlt • ••
(•AM ruAN«:iw«:o.
"" (Halo Una. Foot of Market StreoO V ¦
lxaY- — From J_xc~_t 1, IKL — abbot
?>SO a B#nJci». Uulauo, El;nir». Vic»f Cla,
Ramsey — od a«ormpiouto ?*A3y
?I>«A D-tU, Woodland. Knights _»n<__j.
M»rjsfl!le, O:n»|il<-.. 7i48r
Ti*0» Atlantic K x press— Ojden aad E**I 13il3r
8:00* Mkrtinei. 3*u Ki'itou, V»llejo, N»p».
«»ii»tt*» »M'iH»ut» u<m» fliisr
8i««_ Nile*. LiTCR-or* Trier. _»t_rop»
Stockton 7«l_f
SiSU a ShiJU I xxrrr m— D%tU, WlUJ»mt (for
Barttett SpringiX Willow* lied
BluS. PortUiriL 7i43r
ai«»* San JfMe. Lrterraore. Stockton. Q
Ian*, focrameuta. FUerrtllle,
»l«iy«tni«, Chieo. Il«t IlluiT 4it*r
HtSOAO»kJ»lF.Chlaei0. iSonor*. O-rters... 4il*w
mui». H*yw»rJ_ Nilra »ud W-f HUliona. 1 Il43-
l»i»o* Los Aogelcs Kxpreaa — ftUrtlnn.
Tnej. Ltihtov. .Stockton. Meroe4
Freano »nd Let Angeles TilSr
0i3O» V»!l-Jn. Mftitluex anil Wmy HUtloni »l!3r
IOiO«_Th«OTe*Un4Umii«d-Ogd«a. D«a-
Tsr. Omaha. Cblc-go •*_3r
IliOO* Kllea. 8«oc*ton. rtacramento. Men.
dot*. Frrsoo, llaaford, Vitlla,
l'oneTtlu* «l!9r
IIiOO* LiTermore. Stager. Gos_«n Ju_»
tic*. BUenfleld. Los Aogsle*
• I* OOp Sft*T*tnftnto ICIver 5la»m«f«. ......•• t3i#™%
_in»r Hay-arJ*. Mlraaad War Stations. Sit»r
4:»»r Mitrllnr*. Man lUmo.i. Vallejo.
Nitmv. l-lUtiu;*. H»nta Una* »il 14
a,«« r ncnicia. Winters. 8aor»»i«nU*
WtMHllaml, KnUUU Ijtnilliig.
M..ry«»lllr. OYOilIla !•»«»
«i»«>r Il.rw-fds. ««•* »'•<» »anJo««. .... tJ'IJ*
3i»Or Niioi, _i»on_oro. Stockton Lodl ... !•««»
r 1>OOr SuVet Limited, D Paao. X«v _
•SiOOrTlia Owl Limited— Tracjr. Ftrtan.
lUkersneM. Hangua for _ant» _»»•
Wa, !•>• Ant«le_. ............... ¦••IS*
8:QorN«- OrUaai Express— lla«er»n«l<l.
runt* lUrlitr*. i~<a Augslea. Deio-
hit. Kl l*aso. New Orleaua and
Cut ; TitHa
ai«»r HaywMds. MlMaudSan Jcs« 7«|:»»
iaiO»r Valtelo ll»4»«
aiUWrOrienua Mall- Of Jen. CbejCODOw
Omalia. Chlcigo MilSr
«:OOr Orimtal Mall— Ogdea. Donicr.
Ora»h». Cbic«<ro. «il3r
7iOO» Ort-zoti »uil C»lif:>riil% Kuvt*m.n*a.
. . rnmmit... M»r,..ll!-. lt<»Mln«.
r.Htlnml. 1'itget Mimi.a M>l Kut 8i*3*
¦ ."•irS-o P*b'o. F..rk «i»l_. Mirtlaei '¦
ami Wai fJlatlout »'«*
l»t*3f V^IH" 7Ma»
«O*HT IUTISIOH (Carrot* <i«-Re).
(Tuotct Market Stre«l.>
BiLiA N«w«rlc.C>iit«f»itle,.Sa iJo«<»,K«>lk>n.
Houl«lerCrc«k..S_iiUCruiau<»Wa»
8taUaua •«••»
iail«r Newark, O» ten 111*. Han Joaa. N«w
AlmaiUn. rHton. RonliW t!wlr.-
fimu I'm awl 1'ilocipal Wa»
8tatlo«t tlJt»«U
4ilSr Newark. Han Jem. I*iG»i™ Si»«a
a 9.S0r Hnntan* Exmanlon. Sin Jow and _
WayflUtiona I*** 9 ?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fr._ 111 f mewco— mi »t *uui sum tsa» i)—
Hill t:00 " ll:f»)_m. 1:06 1:00 ' »:!»» m.
Prom Oaklaad— Foot oc Broad way.— ft tt t*:*i
W:(0a.m. H:0> , t.-00 «^0p.B-
COAVT MTISIOS (l!ro«J C»-*f).
f rhlr<l »nd To-m«iH» Sf > ¦;
1«>IO* Oernn View, hontn rt»u >c»ud»at.. |«»a#f
7««o*8an Jo-« ami Waf 8Ull..;ia (Now •
Alma.len WaJue«_ajaoiily> li»»»
• ¦•••H*,. J<«. Tre. lMMoa. M»iit» Crna.
raeilSe llro»e. I'aan Il«lile«. -an
I,nls OI»I«im». Bnrf. I/>mpoo and , _
I'rlnetii-l War Huil.nx J'lJ*
• •.!•» Iu J»t» and Wa» Bkallotia. Vtll
I liao* Han Joa« ami Wa, Hkatbma ........ ••3»#
t*t48r Ban M»t«\ Rodwood. M»nlo Park.
Palo Alta danU Clara. 8a» Jf-*
Trea Pino*. Hauu Cm Sallna*
Monterof aii.l Vaelflo Orot ''S'?? 4
tatasp Maa Jom and Way 8latlo»a 7> ??*
til I a p fl" JoV. ».t.l Prln_p_S Wa, BlaOo-- «U»-
t»i«OrSan Joae, Loa Oato. and Prlndp-1
SiSOr "an Jom and Prlwrfnal W»» Sutlooa •«»»•
Mi:«np3»uJo«»au.l Wa»Statlooa !¦ ilt''
atli45rS»n Jo— »ml~far StaUona... T9mf,
AloTMorolnj. r '°*f !_!I__™!u_l
t SiiikU» excerj'd. _.. J ¦_!*•_» •»
• Mondaji. Weda«4aja rriday-.
• Tvusdara. TlmmUn Bandaja.
a BatardaT oalf .
CALIFORNIA NORTBW-ESTEM IT. CQl
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot, ©f Marfcat S«.
Smn Franclacb to San Rafaol.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OK MARKET _T.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. t:0«, 11:00 a. m.; _»:»» »:%
5:10. C:30 p. m. Thursday s-~E_tra trip at 11:»
p. m. Saturdays— Extra, tiipa at 1:M aad
11 :S0 p. ' m.
SUNDATS-8:W, J:30, 11:00 a. BL( l:». !:».
1:00, 1:20 p. ta. "•;•'
8aa Katuel to Saa Franctaco.
XVEEK DATS— «:10. 1:60. »:». U:W a. m.: U:«t
S:i0. 6:10 p. ra. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1:4*
and 6:35 p. m. •
6UNDATS-t:10. 9:49. 11:19 a. a.; .1:40. !:*«.
»:€8. 6:» p. tn. __ •
Between San Francisco and Bchu«t_ea Park.
¦am* schedule as abo~B.
L«i^ j In Effect | Arrtra
Ban FrandgcoL |Not. 7. 1900.1 San Fra-claeow^
Week I Sun- I I Sun- j Wh«
Days. I day- | DestlnaUon. I days. | P-r^-
7:30 am t:0Oam Novato. |10:« am J:W am
l:J0pm J:J0am Petaluma. 4:0J-pm W:M am
6:lftpm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 1 7:to P«n »:n p»
Fulton. . J.;'_: •
7-30 am Windsor, 10 :n aas
Healdsburr. •
Lytton,
Gwyservill*.
8:30 pra 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:SSt>m 1 :TJ paa
7:30 ami I Hopiand I I
I g:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| «:O pm
7:30 am ' |10:2> am
1:00 am Guemevllle. 7:35 pm
g:30 pm 1 <:>a P~»
7:30 am S:0Oam Sonoma »:13 am 1:40 am
and
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. «:05 pm t.U pm;
I:!0am| 8:00 ami 110:40 _m!10:» «n»
t:JO pm| »:00 pm| Sebaatoprt. 1 7:3j pm| ¦:» pm
Stages connect at ~anu Rosa (or Mark Wett
Springs and White Sulphur Sprlncs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Ocyservllle for S-asss Sprlrurs: at CloverdaU
(or the Geysers; at Hopiand for Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprint*. KelseyvlIIe, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and BartUtt
Pvrlngs; at Cklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
'¦ Fprtngs Blu> Lakes. Laortl Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
' John Day**. Riverside. Lterley*s, Buekaeirs.
t_nhedrln Heights. HUllYllle. Orr"s Hot Sprints,
Mendoclno City. Fort Brag?. Westport, L'saL
WHletts. I-iytonvllIe. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs.
Harri*. Olaens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka. . j
Saturday to Monday round-ttip tickets at in-
duced rates.
On Sunday*, round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafatt at half rates.
Ticket office. CO Market St.. Chron'.rU bulli-
ln«t R- X. RTAN,
i H. C. WlimXO, Oen. Pass- Agt.
Gen. Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Vb Sausa—to Ferry— Foot of Maikct St.
iw na r>M, * m.iio— •>.
I 9:1-1 a.m.) xcrvtr nvv<t 3.-00 p.w.
l:l» P. M. ' WEEK DATS 4 ,. a ,. M
i 4:oo p. m.) 8tayoTernlghtatth«TATCRJf 1, 10:35 a.m.
$:no a. m.\ i i*> p. »«.
, ia\n> a. m. f snVDAYS ¦ S:(1<)p - )i '
H:"0a._.[ —,a-^UAy» ¦i^sr.*,
. l:I5r.M.) li:UP._.
lare S411 Franeito to Summit and Kfturn. ll.f.
', Ticket offices. 621 Market St., ,t S*n?alito Forry.
§Dr.Gibl)(Hi's Dispensary,
62f> KEAUXV ST. EfltablUhrd
In 1H3-J for Hie treatment ot I'rlmln
I >l<it-nnpii. I^vat llunb<xxl. De+jlllty or
ill-ur.3" nrcarinarntt bodynml mlml an.l
Hkin UisMitta. The Poctorcnreswitrn
oiher* fall. Try htm. Cbarera low.
<"nr*'» arunrnnlrrd. CallorwrUc
Dr. J. *'. <i!Ol!U.\, M»n Francisco. C_L _ -Coroner Leland Will Investigate— Pilot Jordan Confers
f! With Pacific Mail Officials.
LIFE=SAVING CREWS ARE
ACCUSED OF NEGLIGENCE
HOSPITAL. SHIP SOLACE, WHICH ARRIVED FROM MANILA OX SUNDAY AND STEAMED AT ONCE TO MARE
ISLAND NAVY YARD "WITHOUT BEING INSPECTED BY THE QUARANTINE OFFICER OR BY CUSTOMS
EMPLOYES. v°
A Diamond Palace.
We. would advise all strangers to visit
Colonel Andrews' Diamond '. Palace, . the
grrandest Jewelry establishment in' the
world, 221' Montgomery street. ; •
. THEIR MARRIAGE AXN'CLLED.-A decree
was Issued in the Superior Court yesterday
annulling the mariaue of Angle Osgood to L
G. Osfrood. . Mrs. Osgood aller e d that at the
time of* her • marriage her husband -was not
leeally qualified to ¦. assume the marriace rela
tions with her. The court accepted her proofs
and granted the decree.
: — — • ' - -
Caught Robbing Their Victim.
"Hutch" Gorman and John Daly, two
ex-convicts, were surprised early this
morning at the corner of Fourth and Per
ry streets by Officer McCormack in the
act of relieving, a drunken man of his
spare cash. When the thieves saw the of
ficer approaching they attempted to run
away. Daly was captured at 126 Perry
street and Gorman ran up Harrison
street. He was caught, after a short
chase, ln a house which he entered.
Slashed With a Razor.
For attempting to Interfere In a family
quarrel, Richard Barblere. who resides in
the New York lodging-house at 237 Minna
street," ls suffering : from . an ugly wound
ln his right arm made by. a razor In the
hands of ah angry woman. Barblere's
sister is married to a. man named Tom
Brown. The couple became Involved ln
a quarrel over a letter which Brown re
ceived from another woman. Barblere
attempted. to Interfere and was slashed
with a razor for his pains. He was'taken
to the Emergency Hospital and his wound
was dressed by Dr. Murphy. The woman
who did the cutting and who was slightly
injured \ herself, was placed under ; arrest
on the charge of assault with a deadly
weapon. ¦
PBACTICES MEDICINE
WITHOUT A LICENSE
Mrs. Dr. Goodwin, Alias Belinda
Laphame, Arrested on Complaint
of Woman Patient.
Mrs. Dr. Bella Goodwin. 1007^ Market
street, was arrested yesterday afternoon
by Detectives Dillon and Anthony on a
warrant charging her . with practicing
medicine without a .license. The complain
ing witness against her is Mrs. Theo Har.
man, a visitor to the city, who is tempo
rarlly living at 412 Ellis street.
Mrs. Hartman said sh<» came to the city
for medical treatment and seeing Mrs. Dr.
Goodwin's advertisement she decided to go
to her, as 6he preferred to be treated by a
woman doctor. At the first consultation
Mrs. Goodwin charged her $25. Sho went
again to consult her Sunday, when Mrs.
Goodwin alarmed her by Informing her
that she would reaulre the services of *
male doctor to administer chloroform to
her. She asked for the return of tho $25.
and, she alleges, Mrs. Goodwin seized a
large knife and threatened to kill her if
she did not get out. ¦•
Mrs. Hartman called upon Captain Sey
mour yesterday and he advised her to get
a warrant for Mrs. Goodwin's arrest.
Mrs. Goodwin first came into notoriety
as Belinda Laohame about eight years
ago, when she was anested for murder
but waa acauitted in the Superior Court.'
She has been arrested several times since
on a similar charge with the same result.
Inquisitorial Body Is Prob
ing Into the Affairs of
Chinatown .
The Grand Jury met last night and re
sumed the investigation into tho alleged
mismanagement of police affairs. Several
witnesses were examined and it is not Im
probable that "San Jose Charlie," owner
of one of the lottery games running -in
Chinatown, will be indicted for perjury.
"San Jose Charlie" testified before tho
Legislative Committee, appointed to in
vestigate the alleged charges of crooked-,
ness made against the police, that he waa
never present when a lottery ticket. was
marked. He admitted, however, that- he
was the owner of certain stores in tne
Chinese quarter, said to be lottery agen
cies. He gave the same testimony before
the Grand Jury.
O. M. Boyle Jr. and his brother. J. M.
Boyle, who appeared before the Legisla
tive Committee, were examined before the
Grand Jury last night. They testlfle-l J
that they purchased lottery tickets ln the
stores "San Jose Charlie" admits the pro
prietorship of. and that he was present
at the time. O. M. Boyle, In addition, re
peated the story he told the Legislative
Committee of having been informed by
the Chinese lottery agents In the place at
COT Dupont street that there was no fear
of a raid, as the police were being paid
to leave them alone.
The investigation will be resumed next
Friday. -v^
GRAND JURY
AND LOTTERIES
On Thursday morning the Federal local
inspectors of steam vessels will begin
their Investigation as to the wreck of the
Rio de Janeiro.
Some of the directors of the Pacific Mall
Company will also be summoned to testi
fy before the Coroner. Detective Hamill
was engaged yesterday in serving sub
poenas on the witnesses and when he
asked Superintendent Hauxhurst of the
Pacinc Mail dock for the names of the
directors of his company he refused to
give the information.
Among those called upon to testify are
the surviving officers and members of the
crew of the ship, many of the rescued
passengers. General Manager W. P.
Schwerin of the Pacific Mall Company,
officials of the life saving department of
ficials of the Merchants' Exchange and
lookouts.
The inquest on the bodies recovered
from the wreck of the Rio de Janeiro will
be held to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock
by Coroner Leland. A large number of
witnesses will be called and a searching-
Inquiry held.
The funeral services which were held
yesterday morning at the Sacred Heart
Church over the remains'of the' late Judge
Michael Cooney were more than usually
impressive. When Rev. Father Hugh
Lagan came before the altar to commence
the celebration of tho requiem high mas*
the church was crowded from altar rail
to door with a vast concourse of sorrow
ing friends, who had come to pay the last
tribute, of respect and veneration to tho
departed Jurist. Father Lagan delivered
a touching eulogy over the remains of the
deceased, calling attention to his manly
struggle against adverse conditions, to his
inflexible adherence to principle and his
consistent practice of religion.
A requiem high mass was then sung.
Rev. Father Lagan was assisted by Rov.
Father Cullen, while Rev. Father Byrne
acted as master of ceremonies. The
priests from the other parishes who were
present were: Rev. Father Scanlan of S*.
Joseph's; Rev. Father D. O. Crowley,
manager of tne Youths' Directory; Rev.
Father Cummtngs of St. Patrick's; Rev.
Father Bell, S. J.. of St. Ignatius College,
and Rev. Father Mulligan of St. Mar '%
Cathedral. The interment took place in
Holy Cross and the remains were followed
to their final ' resting place by numerous
delegations from the many societies of
which the deceased was a member
The honorary pallbearers were Major
General Shafter and Professor Ellshi
Brooks, representing the Michigan Soc'
ety; Dr. Burk of the San Francisco Nor
mal School; Messrs. DInkelspiel and Kirk
representing the Board of Trustees of th.^
State Normal School; Messrs. McNeil and
Bodnsh, representing the Taxpayer"
League; R. O'Connor. Knights of St. Pat
rick; Mark Meheran, Sacred Heart parish-
Theo. Pinther and L. K. P. Van Baggen
of the Transvaal committee; Jo«eoh Cor
bett of the Y. M. I. : M. Coakley and J
Forrest of the Wolfe Tone Society of
Oakland, and John Burne of the Knlehti
of Tara. The regular pallbearers were-
Dr. J. F. Gibbon, Thomas J. Wels-h
Major Enright, Peter Burnett. John
Grant. Jeremiah Deasy, Colonel J j
Tobin, Jeremiah Mahoney. - .'
Sacred Heart Church Is
Crowded With Friends of
Departed Jurist.
APTAI.V HERBERT WINSLOW
/f of the naval transport Solace has
naval vessels as against customs
officers, and in accordance with
his position on that mooted issue he led
the customs Inspectors and the Federal
quarantine officer n merry race frcm the
Golden Gate to Mare Island last Sunday.
On Captain Winslow's previous trip
from Manila to this port customs inspect
ors sei7.ee] a lsrge quantity of smuggled
goods that had betn concealed on board
by officers and men alike. The duties on
these goods amounted to ?2000. Naturally
enough, when the Solace was about to
arrive a*?aln the Federal wuthoritlep were
on the alert. The Solace arrived on Sun
day, but instead of proceeding to the
quarantine grounds to pass the customary
inspection and to Jandthe mall Captain
Wlnslow steamed in through, the Golden
Gate and then proceeded direct to the
navy yard at Mare Island.
The Federal authorities were surprised,
and Quarantine Officer Dr. Kinyoun was
astounded at the daring of the sea officer
in putting his authority at naught. The
quarantine boot Sternberg. with the doc
tor and the customs Inspectors on board,
steamed after the Solace. When' they
reached Mare Island Captain Wlnslow
declared that be would not permit any
customs Inspector to board the vessel
FUNERAL OF LATE
JUDGE COONEY
unless he. the captain, were specially or
dered to do so by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
"You can stand on the wharf and watch
the vessel," said the captain, "but you
can't come on board."
Dr. Kinyoun returned on Sunday even
ing with the mail bags that the Soiaco
should have delivered to Station D, at the
ferry landing. Immediately after her ar
rival in port. The customs inspectors re
mained at Mare Island to 'watch for
smuggled goods, and made a written re
port to Surveyor Spear, who In turn re
ported to Customs Collector Stratton. Mr.
Stratton yesterday morning, immediately
upon the receipt of the report of the Sur
veyor, wired a statement of the affair to
the Secretary of the Treasury and agked
for instructions. A reply is expected to
day.
Captain Winslow sent a letter to the
Collector declaring that he would not al
low any dutiable goods to go out of the
ship, that he -would seize all goods that
might be found or attempted to be smug
glad ashore, that he would search his own
ship with his own officers and men, but
that he would not permit a search to be
made by customs officials unless he re
ceived an order from the Secretary of. the
Treasury.
VALLEJO. Feb. 25.— Before noon the
Solace ran alongside the dock here, and
shortly afterward some crockery, choice
vases and other bric-a-brac were taken
ashore by their owners. These did not
escape the watchful eyes oS tha Inspect
ors, and as a result the articles wer«
promptly confiscated.
At noon to-day, when Inspectors Lund
quest and Latham came over to tha
Bernard House to dinner, Inspectors
Broderick and Adams were left on duty
at the shia's side.
The commander, before leaving Manila
and Honolulu, gave his men to understand
that no smuggling would be tolerated,
but the Inspectors fear that some of to®
men have disobeyed this order.
Under the law the commander of a man
of-war is recognized as an officer ot tho
customs service, and, therefore, bound to
prevent smuggling. Consequently his Bhip
is exempt from visits of customs officers.
Commander -Wlnslow holds that ttio
Solace Is entitled to such exemption, under
this clause, and that 13 where ho differs
from the customs inspectors.
WASHINGTON*. Feb. 25.— Regarding th«
report that Captain Wlnslow or -the trans
port Solace refused to allow customs In
spectors on board to search, for smuggled
goods. Assistant Secretary Spai<-ing said
to-night that the Treasury Department
could make no statement ln the matter,
as It had no official knowledge of It and
knew nothing of the conditions and cir
cumstances. He said, however, ln a gen-
eral way, that customs Inspectors had a
perfect right to board transports ln search
of dutiable goods. If any misunderstand
ing existed ln the present instance ha
thought it would be straightened out by
the Collector of Customs at San Fran
cisco, without bringing it to the attention
of tha department. ;"., , ¦'"..,
The Chamber of Commerce' yesterday
sent the following telegram to Senator
Perkins, who ls in Washington, D. C:
Urgent need of steam fog-whlatle at Fort
Point, recommended by Lighthouse Board,
shown by wreck of steamer Rio de Janeiro. If
not already provided for, we respectfully re
quest the efforts of the delegation for this pur
pose. Kindly present to delegation.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE,
GEORGE A. XEWHALL, President.
The following is a memorandum of the
cargo of the wrecked vessel:
--v yOW that the t^rne is rapjdlv ap
*^V t preaching when official investiga
1 tion-is to be made as to the
¦A N causes which led to the wrecking
of the- Rio de Janeiro, and the
loss. of scores of precious lives, the Ques
tion is being asked in many quarters.
"\Vere the men. of the various Federal
Jlt^-saving- stations negligent in their du
iiesT" , • . :
:. Arcr.rding to the statements made by
the officers nf the Rio- tie Janeiro, who
survived, the 1-whiFtIe iof the sieamph'p
was Founded ffonvthe- time slie started to
coxnel tnta ; 'rhe\ bay -la*' Friday morning
until Fhe'.rsn-on the r6<-'ks at Kort Posht
'"¦ Thf-rmeo' w;rlose'dutv",It is to patrol th?
beach; acd:;bay; ahofeatu* -prevent disaster
e« . iyoil- ,'as -to: ironder assistance in cas-?
ctf accident ''<2ld-.i»cit Vnaw that t"hff Rio -Jo
'Janeiro had gonetq rrer. doom until word
was .telpph'ocefl to therq from downtown.
Golden Gate LJfe-faviiiij Station Is located
on the ocean front, thiree-ciuarters of a
dile south ¦ ol Paint Lab'o**.. the Southside
etaticn is. situated three '-fend' three-eighths
miles .south :oX the* Gulden Gate station
*.rid. Fort .Point station stands three-quar
ters ot a matt' east- of iTort Point lfzht.
¦ The;, testimony of the' survivors oi the
Rio de Janeiro shows tSat the 6ir«n of th^
steamship -v.a^.kcpt soy-nding during her
fatal trip 'inside the hay.,. If the crews of
th** Jif^-Ka^irig- station-' 'were keeping- vig-
il?Lnt wajch; -botti on t;-.p' ocean's edge nni
in their station houses, they must have
heard the.'ftio's siren as. she crept her
way toward p*:>lt. • " '. ' .
'•Tbe men on <iury at" tAo- Merchants' Ex
ihange ofneo at-Meiggs wharf, more than
¦thrye miles -from' Fort Point, state that
they heard 'X he. Rio' p- whistle for a Ion.:
Tim**.' arid w'hen'ii ceased they were of the
opinion that- the ship /iad gone to «.nchor
outride, the IJeads. . .'
'Captain Joseph Hrxife son and his crew
at Kort Point Xifp-sa vine Station. Ies3
than at ra'le fr^m '.be; rpot where. The FUr
w<»r.t to her:-.<ionni. diO-nct even know that
j he 'fit-earner*, had met vrith disaster until
mar-e than two hours after the event too*
place, •..'..;¦'.... • •• ¦ •
poroafer L> land will, in his inquest ovrr
the h/viles of some' of- tty; Rio de Ja-neiro"s
pafssenpr.rs. jnakp a p^archin^ inquiry as
to the failure of Cap: ;*:r. Hodgson and his
epp-ft-at Fort. Point L1f>-savic/? Station to
majk th>" progress of the steamship. He
has issued F.ubpenars for ".the captain of th»
¦crew- hr<1. ¦.&}*<* for -Mac^nr T. J, Blakeney.
puperin.tip-iiiier.t of the Ufe-eaving districr.
; In .#pea-klhB:*rtf this iuaUer -'-esterday a
.'wpll-knowh mariti-fho. official said:
. ->VThe •Ooverjfirafnt is maintaining an ex-
FfvnH v'j? Uf/p-Tfeaving department, "and jat the
critical JW>rnent it falls. If the men at
F-qrt;; rojrit "-.-rtatlori. -.••had . been on
the lookout- '.they-. : certainly would
iiave. .'¦ heir/1- • the- whistle -of the Rio
aa ¦ »=he • rajne into '. .port. They J are
lajippsed .;o b<? -*>n wafch..*day and night.
With in th*r f-tation' and on patrol duty.
They, should .tiave been ahle to both pee
end : hear the Bio's progress when she
etarted froni'. 'aer- anchorage in trie early
morjilng. -"The surrlvers and the pilot
have Ptatitf thit. th*v could see the cliff
and Point xPnr.ila. • liKhts; The life-savers
.•should thr.refor* have' ."been able to see
the,: Rio' s lights when she started. When
the.- fog carae u-own on tlM vessel the life
¦a > « • < ..t..t ¦¦?_»¦¦«„<¦¦»¦¦»¦¦« -t. .t.-.t.if .¦«..»..« . » » . .
In conclusion the testatrix bequeaths
$4000 "to the little daughter of my son
Henry J. Crocker, who ls to be called
Julia."
• I make a request to my children that Julia
C. Van Fleet shall have a J5000 Interest and
my mother. Uzzl« C. Van Fleet, shall hav*
a J400O int*rept ln my property at 2020 Pacific
avenue, and on her. Lizzie Van Fleer, paying to
other members of the family as follows: Car
rie. C. Gre»n, J<000; Henry J." Crocker. J1000;
Fannie C. McCreary, 1400; Julia C. Buckbee,
J400. they shall give a deed to the property to
Lizzie Van Fleet, to have and to hold oil a
home for her 'daughter. •
In a codicil^ Mrs. Crocker says:
•tv* I I I I I 1-H"H-M-I..I4.^h-h-W»
is next bequeathed, share and share alike,
to decedent's children, Carrie E. Green,
Henry J. Crocker, Lizzie C. Van Fleet
Julia C. Buckbce and Fannie C. Me-
Creary. Continuing, however, the testa
trix excepts from this division of the
residue the sum of $15,000 from the share
of Carrie C. Green, "on account of caEh
loaned to her husband, Fred H, Green
and Ahich Mrs. Green assigned to the
testatrix from her share in the estate of
her father. Clark W. Crocker."
T> N ?« Fte , P r S . w^ re taken yesterflay.br the
Pacific Mall Company to verify the lo
cation of tn« wreck, made on Sunday by
Captain Hodgson, nor was any movement
made by the company to, bring Vtdies to
Beyond the watch maintained by the
customs officers and the life-saving crews
yesterday, no other steps were taken to
recover any bodies which might have
come to the surface.
A trunk with the name "F. Peters" on
It was found floating on the bay during
the afternoon by th«* police patrol. It had
been rifled of its contents.
Two mail sacks from the Rio de Janeiro
were recovered yesterday, one at Salinas
and one af Baker's Beach. Both sacks
contained newspapers from Honolulu.
The only man on the bridpe of the Rio
dc Janeiro who was conversant with the
recent freshets in the rivers and the in
crease of the strength of the ebb tide
last Friday morning was Pilot Frederick
Jordan.
Captain Ward of the Rio de Janeiro cer
tainly . knew nothing as to the recent
heavy rains ln California, consequently he
could make no calculations as to the rate
of speed the ship should maintain to over
come the resistance of the strong ebb
tide.
Maritime calculations show that a cur
rent of six knots would swerve a ship
traveling at the same rate of speed out
of her course.
Pilot Jordan has stated that the Rio
started at half speed and then explained
"half speed" as meaning six knots an
h«ur.
Ordinarily the ebb tld-3 in the bay runs
at the rate of three knots an hour. Ow
ing to the recent heavy rains and the
swollen state of the rivers the ebb tide
has doubled its strength and on the morn
ir.g of last Friday the current was run
ning at six knots an hour.
An important point in connection with
the wreck of the Rio de Janeiro is dis
closed by the reports of the hydrographic
department.
"I am not going to say any more ln re
gard to the wreck," said the pilot, "until
the proper time comes."
A minute laU-r two officials of the com
pany approached Jordan and started a
conversation, -ind- then the pilot refused
to answer further questions.
When asked by a Call representative to
give a further account of the wreck Pilot
Jordan seemed willing to comply with the
request.
Pilot Frederick Jordan left his home
yesterday in response to a requtst made
by some of the Pacific Mall officials and
had a consultation at the Mail dock with
the gentlemen.
"The life-saving men ought to have
known of the Rio coming in. and if guns
had been fire<l it wouli have helped the
pilot and captain of «he ship to learn
sometMng as to their course."
"If the crew of the Fort Point station
had. been vigilant they would have had
th«Mr lifeboat at the scene of the wreck in
l«»ss than ten minutes. They .were only
three-quarters of a mile east of the spot
where the Rio rtruck, and the strong ebb
tide, running -it six knots an hour, would
have quickly carried the lifeboat up to the
wreck. Possibly fifty or more lives might
have been saved.
saver? should have marked her progress
by the sound ol her whistle, and when it
ceased ln a despairing scream .they ought
to have realized that something wrong
had happened.
On and after April 1 the price for trans
porting hops from all Pacific Coast points
to Eastern marketa will be raised. Some
time ago an emergency rate was made of
$1 W per hundred pounds from the Pacific
Coast to all Eastern cities on account of
the prevalent low prices of the product.
Since then hops have raised in price and
the old rate of $2 per hundred pounds
will be established. This return to the
old rare has been, adopted by all rail
roads doing Pacific Coast business.
The maximum carload of dried fruit will
on and after April 1 be 30,000 pounds. The
same rule goes into effect in regard to
canned goods, in the past the carload
rate was 12,000 pounds.
the East.
Kailroads of Pacific Coast Charge $2
Per Hundred to Points in
OLD BATE FOB HOPS
IS BE-ESTABLISHED
RICH GIFT FOR
MILLS COLLEGE
Mrs. Susan Mills, widow of the late Dr
Cyrus Mills, has recently made a new
£ xifnw? 1 !! 0 ' $200 ; 00CI worth ot real e^ate
dpm Th° eB V f . whlch she ls th « Presi
dent. The. board of trustees is given free
erYieV" adml nistration of these prop!
KSSSii&A?! MU1S C ° lleg ?- ln addition to
se\eral others amounting to 5250 000
£S« V 5 * , and Mr^" M1U3 "Song the foVW:
most benefactors ln the cause of educa
tlon on the Pacific Coast. They have
spent their lives as well asthe bulk of
heir property in the cause, and the nstl
tution owes its present position mainly to
J^ir ?£n m £ n to PP bllc bequesu, Dr.
an £ Mrs. Mills have educated more than
a wH? d^ ed , needy y° un S women.
Mills College is conducted under a char
ter from the State of California and Is
dedicated "To the young women of Cali
fornia and the world." The new gift will
put the college on a better foundation and
hopes are cherished for a bright future
°Vn. more w °rk and additional enterprise
The college will yet lack the surround
ings nnd equipments desired, and appeal
Is made to California to assist in The
benevolent work. The institution is a
worthy one and its past. work has been
most commendable. Investigation of Its
methods is invited and when the public
becomes aware of the rood that > may be
done by bequests to It there is little doubt
that the $500,000 now needed by the insti
tution will be given.
Work of Institution on New
Basis, but More Coin
Is Needed.
BISSINGER MAKES
GIFTS TO CHARITY
Heirs ; File Will of Victim
of Mills Station Wreck
'I J --for-. Probate.
Samuel "and isldbr Bissinger are named
8? executors of the will. It bears date of
May. 2S..1S38.
The. will of the late Julia Ann Crocker,
w-ldowof -Clark W. Crocker, was filed for
probate yrs.terday. Decedent first be
nucaths UOiX) to Clark C. Van Fleet, $1000
to Charles W. Crocker and $3W0 to Julia
C Van Fleet. - The residue of the estate
The residue is bequeathed In trust to
decedent's brothers. Samuel and Isldor
lilss<lnser. From the income they are di
recifd to kerp up .the> testator's business,
la pay his parents 2000 marks annually
ar.d to distribute the balance among his
wife and children, the various portions
to :be distributed among - the children
when they reach t.he agp of 25 years.
;In hJp will the deceased bequeathed to
th*>.. Fruit 'and Flower Mission of San
Francisco the sum of $500; to the Pacific
HHbrew. Orphan' Asylum, $500; to the Pro
¦t«ff=ta«t Orphan- Asylum, $500; to his neph
cir. Newton iptesinger, $1000; to his wife,
who met. <Je,atlj bfside her husband in the
.railroad, wreck, .the deceased bequeathed
his life- Insurant*- policies and other valu
able holdings-. •;.'¦
.Adolph Elsninger. who met his death In
the recent railroad wreck at Mills station,
Xev.. dipposed. of his estate by testament.
.The will- was filed for probate In this city
yesterday.. ' I. '.
Jesse Moore "AA" whisker U called for
veryr-here. It U th* drink of th« x»cz£o.
the surface from the region of the wreck.
Official figures were given out yester
day afternoon by the Pacific Mall Com
pany as to the number of lives lost in
the wreck of the Rio de Janeiro, which in
creases the list of fatalities. The figures
given out are as follows:
DIAGRAM SHOWING LOCATION" OF LIFE-SAVING STATIONS AT ENTRANCE TO THE GATE AND THE POINT
ALSO PH0T ° GRAPHS '"^TRATING ™» MANNER
A railway link of vast Importance and
great value to the Southern Pacific Com
pany has been torn from its system
through the operation of an opinion hand
ed down by Superior Judge Seawell yester
day. .Judge Seawell in his opinion .holds
that the Southern Pacific Company has no
valid title to either estate or franchise
upon .the property upon which its rails
are laid upon Harrison street between
Seventeenth and Twenty-second streets,
and that Its assumption of right of way
across this section of the city Is based
solely upon the suffrance of the people.
Hence the Southern Pacific Company is
denied an injunction to restrain the Board
of Public Works from tearing up the rails
between the streets mentioned, and the
residents of the Mission have won their
first skirmish in the battle to force the
Southern Pacific Company to follow the
bay shore route Into the city.
An ordinance was passed by the Board
of Supervisors directing the Southern Pa
cific Company to abandon its tracks on
Harrison street between Seventeenth and
Twenty-second streets, and to have the
rails removed before July 1, 1901. The or
dinance adjudged the rails upon the line
mentioned a public nuisance, and in event
of the failure of the Southern Pacific
Company to comply with its provisions
the Board of Public Works was directed
to proceed and clear the rails away. The
Southern Pacific Company, shortly after
the enactment of ,the ordinance, filed an
action to restrain the municipal officials
from proceeding to obey the mandates of
the ordinance. This action waa elabor
ately argued before Judge Sea7/ell and
submitted for decision.
The Southern Pacific Company set up
various objections to the ordinance. It
contended that It was illegal because it
arbitrarily declared the tracks to be a
nuisance; that the track was built
through the city in 18C0, prior to the dedi
cation of the property to public use, and
her.ee the corporation's claim to franchise
right. If not to estate in the property, was
upheld.
Though the first contention of/the rail
road company is upheld by Judge Seawell,
who declares that the mere declaration of
the Board of Supervisors adjudging the
track a nuisance does not through opera
tion of law make it so, he proceeds to
sustain the action of the municipal au
thorities upon the theory that the South
ern Pacific Company holds no valid title
to estate or franchise to the disputed ter
ritory. Upon .this point Judge Seawell
says :
While the acts of r«*cosmltlon and acquiesc
ence referred to by the plalntlft in support of
Its claim to right of use of the property In
question may be deemed the equivalent of a
license to maintain the railroad, the license
complained of may also be considered the revo
cation of that license. If the plaintiff had
continued Its ratlroad upon the public street*
on the faith of a license permitting It to do
so. such license would not be removable at
the pleasure of the board after plaintiff had
made expensive improvements upon the faith
thereof. But such license, as Is to be In
ferred from the conduct of the municipal au
thorities, was not given until after the road
was constructed and equipped, arid I do not
eee any reason why the Board of Supervisors
has not the power to make it at Its pleasure.
There is no allegation In the. complaint that
the plalntlft has not some other right of way
over which it may connect its road on Town
send street with that In San Mateo County.
For the present I shall consider only plain
tiff's right to maintain Its railroad across the
streets Just mentioned. Anything which un
lawfully obstruct* the full pa«a«e or use in
the customary manner of any t>treet or high
way Is a nuisance per se.
. No la:>se of time can legalize a public nui
sance amount Iiik to an actual obstruction of
public riiht.
If any of the authorities cited by plaintiff's
counsel can be cemstrued as holdins that the
public can be estopped, except In cases where
the party, claiming the benettt of the estopped
has been misled by some affirmative act of
the public authorities, I am not disposed to
follow them.
Even If the defendants are net authorised by
any valid ordinance to remove the plaintiff's
tracks which unlawfully obstruct a public
Btreet, the plaintiff Is not in a position to de
mand the equitable remedy of injunction. A
court of equity will not lend it3 aid to the con
tinuance of an unlawful act. As to the por
tion cf plaintiff's railroad which is between the
charter line of l&ol and the southern boundary
line of the city and county, the complainant
alleges that the land and right of way upon
which said partition wan constructed were pur
chared bv the San Francisco and San Joaquln
Railroad Company at a time when the same
was private property and long lx>fore any pub
lic streets or highways had ne«n laid out.
used or dedicated as or declared to be such
public streets. That allegation is not denied
by any affidavit or answer on the part of de
fendants, and muet, for the purpose of the
motion, be taken as true.
The demurrer to complaint will, however, be
overruled and plaintiffs motion for an injunc
tion will be granted, except as to such propor
tions of Its railroad as are upon Seventeenth.
Eighteenth, Nineteenth, Twentieth and Twen
ty-flm etreeto, as to which the motion will be
denied.
An appeal to the Supreme Court will
be taken forthwith by the Southern Pa
cific Company. Unless* such actloh is
taken, which will act as a stay, the Board
of Public Works may. if it sees fit, re
move the tracks within the territory out
side the Injunction issued by the court —
that is, the tracks upon Seventeenth.
Eighteenth, Nineteenth, Twentieth and
Twenty-first streets and up to Twonty
second street. The rest of the road south
to the county line is protected by the in
junction, but the opinion does not touch
upon the validity of the plaintiff's title
to the land involved, even though the
protection of the court is given.
In His Opinion Right of Way in Mis
sion District -is Based Solely
Upon SufiE ranee of
People*
Denies Southern Pacific an
Injunction to Prevent'
Removal of Rails.
SEAWELL DECIDES
AGAINST RAILROAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 1901.
Gaptain of Transport Refuses to Allow Them Aboard
and Treasury Department Is Notified.
WINSLOW SAYS CUSTOMS MEN
SHALL NOT SEARCH SOLACE
12
ARTICLE. 2-8 ' *g f o =
Matting (rolls) 1.6U 303
Pig tin (slabs) 2.423 ..
Raw silk (balee) 75,8 ..
Silk piece eoods (cases) 15 C3 17
Gunnies (bales) 585
Hemp (hales) 1,750 ...... ......
Rice (bacs) 10,795 170
Tea (ehestn) 106
Sugar (bags) 1.000. ...'.'.'.
CurtDs (cases) ri 120 ....:.
General merchandise (pkgs.) 844 562 ......
Chinese merchandise (pkgs.) 1,720 • 2S 87
Total* I 20,861 I 2052 104
OX BOARD. »
r 1
i •
—^— —^— — — — — — — — __ ¦
Cabin passengers 31
European and Japanese steerage... 19
Chinese steerage 4$
European officers and crew 30
Chinese crew c 4
S 23
S 11
9 37
12 IS
43 41
Totals '210
80 139
ARTICLE. 2-8 ' *g f o =
Matting (rolls) 1.6U 303
Pig tin (slabs) 2.423 ..
Raw silk (balee) 75,8 ..
Silk piece eoods (cases) 15 C3 17
Gunnies (bales) 585
Hemp (hales) 1,750 ...... ......
Rice (bacs) 10,795 170
Tea (ehestn) 106
Sugar (bags) 1.000. ...'.'.'.
CurtDs (cases) ri 120 ....:.
General merchandise (pkgs.) 844 562 ......
Chinese merchandise (pkgs.) 1,720 • 2S 87
Total* I 20,861 I 2052 104
OX BOARD. »
r 1
i •
—^— —^— — — — — — — — __ ¦
Cabin passengers 31
European and Japanese steerage... 19
Chinese steerage 4$
European officers and crew 30
Chinese crew c 4
S 23
S 11
9 37
12 IS
43 41
Totals '210
80 139
ADVEBTISEJniNTa
Bailey's
Pneumatic p£l|
v< WHALEBONE ;
-« Road Wagon
SOLD BY... . '
The thirty years* experience selling
vehicles in California brinfi-3 results a
largely increased business.
STDDEBAKER BROS. MFG. CO.
Market nnd Tenth. ;
L. F. WEAVER. Manager.
DR.MCNULTY";
rpHIS WislX-KXCWN AND RKLIABLE OLD
L Special**-; we* Blood Poison. Uonorrhcea,Gltet.
Strfctur.-, srrulual Weafcnes*. Inn p.uenco and their
alll«Hl Dtwinlers. Hook on Divanes Ot Men, free.
Ov<»r /1 0vear^ > Mp^r i eiice.T<*rin<ir'?av>nab!c. Hour*,
Sto3Uaf!y;6:S>to3.30rv > g!V Sundays. It) to 12. Consul- ,
tatloufreeandsncretllycontidenUal. Call or addxesa
P. ROSCOE McXl'LTY, M.D. -
SC>; KcarnySt., Sau irauciaco, CcJ-