After several speeches for and against
the Government the Chamber adjourned
until to-morrow.
This- Is the situation with which the
Chamber was confronted to-day, and It Is
disgruntled with both the Government
and the committee. The closing of the
Chamber of- Commerce at Of ao?.,.- which
led to the recent troublesome strike, fur
nishes a peg on which the Government
was attacked in an interpellation brought
forward to-day. There was a large gath
ering of Deputies' and spectators, as the
fall of the Ministry was anticipated.
Continued on Third Page.
While she was praying a drunken man
was brought !n by an officer. Mrs. Nation
immediately went to him acd Informed
him that she was his friend at all times,
even though the policemen were not. Sha
then delivered an address to the members
of the police force present, which was full
of the most scathing abuse that she was
capable of giving. She said that they
would permit the Joints to run In open
violation of law all the while, and would
then arrest the men who were made drunk
by all the liquor sold there. Mrs. Nation
taunted the police, calling 1 them, cowards
afraid to arrest anybody but women and
drunken men. They angrily flushed under
her accusations.
On leaving the police station, Mrs. Na
tion encountered George Klour, one of tha
most notorious jolntists of the city. She
asked him if he was a jointist. lie replied
that ho was not.
"Well, then, you ought to be helping
us close the Joints," said Mrs. Nation.
"Oh. I. am going to leave town to-night."
said Klour, and the crowd shouted with
delight. Many of them were not sympa
thizers with Mrs. Nation, but they enjoyed
the famous jolntlst's confusion.
Followed by the crowd, Mrs. Nation
then -went to the Federal building, whejra
she Inquired for her mall. She then
mounted the steps of the building: and
made an address to the crowd. She said
she would smash all the Joints of the city,
and she would stay here long enough to
accomplish this purpose if It took months.
She vaa not afrah). she said, as she bad
no reason In the world to be. There were
many women In the city who would help
her. she said, and they would do so at tha
proper time. Mrs. Nation did not Intend
to begin the Joint raids until to-morrow.
While she and the other women were In
a store buying the hatchets which wera
to be used In the raid there came In a
woman who said her son had spent all hl.i
money In Murphy's place the night before.
"Well, let's go and smash it tight now."
said Mrs. Nation, and the other women
agreed.
Sot Times "Expected.
Some Interesting developments are>
looked for to-morrew. Mra. Nation de
clares she. will enter tbe joints and smash
them, ¦white the jolntists are equally cer
tain she will not. The Jointists have ne
groes hired to watch their places of busi
ness, and they have orders to shoot down
any person, man or woman, who attempts
to enter the Joint bent on mischief.
The better element, of the people of the
city am much worried at the turn affairs
have taken. They think that now Is the
time, if ever, that "Topeka's Joints" will
be closed, but they, stand aghast at the
Addressed the Police.
TOPEKA. Feb. 4.— Mrs. Xatlca gather* X
a half dozen of her helpers late this aftet -
noon and attempted to enter the Cllppi"
restaurant joint on East Sixth strcf'.
awned by F. W. Murphy, for the purpo: 1»
of wrecking It. Mrs. Xatlon has been hoi '+
so long that she has become familiar* ' '»
the watchers at the joints, and she d' i
not succeed In getting near the Joint |i
question before she was recognized, ai^
Immediately a dozen strong men were it
the door of the Joint to prevent h' P
entrance.
Tho little band of women strugglfi
valiantly against the superior strength of
the ruffians who were trying to keep
them out of the saloon- In the melee two
of the women were thrown down and
their hatchets taken from, them. Sirs.
Nation's face was slightly cut by her
hatchet. By this time the police managed
to arrive and took the women In charge.
As the women were being taken to> the
police station they were followed by a.
thousand or more jeering, hooting men.
most of whom were tn© negro watchers
employed to keep the women out of the
joints and to do them violence If they
persisted in entering.
There were a number of Mrs. Nation's
sympathizers in the crowd and they rave
her the protection that the police seemed
unable to give. One joint man, who was
a little over-zealous, insisted that Mrs.
Nation be killed and punctuated his re
marks with a great deal of picturesque
language. Mrs. "Nation, turned to rebuke
him, when he tried to hit her. A man
near by gave the would-be assaulter a
blow In the face. He Immediately turned
again to the attack and then the fljcht be
¦ caxne rather general. Several of the fist
fights were in progress all the way to tha
station and it seemed; as though some
body would be seriously hurt before ths
game proceeded much farther.
At the police station Mrs. Nation was
formally charged with disturbing ths
peace, and her name was entered on tho
docket. The Police Judge was at the sta
tion and Mrs. Nation refused to go to his
room to see him regarding her offense, but
insisted that he come to her, which ho
did. Mrs. Nation was Informed that she
would report for trial at the Police Court
to-morrow morning and was then released
on her own recognizance. She said she.
would be glad to do so and then proceeded
to hold an Impromptu prayer meeting In
the police station. She prayed that ths
work that she had begun in Topeka might
be abundantly prosperous.
Kept From Smashing
Saloons by Hired
Nepe's.
Crusader Causes a Riot ii:
Topeka and Bloodshed
Is Imminent. .
MRS. NATION
IS ASSAILED
BY RUFFIANS
NEW YORK. Feb. 4.— P.-isseneer repre-
Ffnt^tivps of transcontinental lines are
preparing to go to war over a church ex
cursion. Efforts to harmonize matters
¦.dative to rctes fr.r the annual conven
tion of the Kpworth Leajrue in San Fran
<-l«5co next July hare apparently failed.
Each read Js bidding for business, and
already the special rates offered • have;
gone bclovf the figures allowed by the
passenger esreercenu
EPWOBTH LEAGUE MAY
CAUSE A RATE WAR
CHICAGO. Feb. 4.— Captain Revere and
officers of the East Chicago Avenue Police
Station are endeavoring to learn the iden
tity cf a man supposed to be a priest, who
(raj assaulted and robbed by inmates of
a saloon at Clark and Kinzic streets early
this morning. The man. who is said to
live Jn San Francisco, Is thought to be
stopping at the Auditorium Annex.
VICTIM OF EOBBEES
PROBABLY A PRIEST
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— Secretary Root
said thi3 afternoon that the nominations
of general officers authorized by. the now
army law would be sent to the Senate to
morrow. The nominations, he said." in
cluded a lieutenant general, tbtec major
generals and ten brigadier generals In
military circles it is believed that Gen
eral Miles . will ' be : made \ lieutenant gen
eral, but there Is considerable uncertainty
with regard to the other general officers.
Generals Wade. Merrlam and Young are
the three ranking brigadiers In "the pres
ent regular establishment. In the order
named, with General- MacArthur. number
; four and General , Ludlow number five.
General Chaff -id stands number, seven in
the list of colonels of cavalry, and Gen
eral Wood is number sixty in the list of
captains,. relative rank. All < these officers
! have been mentioned *as .possible major
generals, and the three .successful ones
undoubtedly are among the number. ;
If General Miles is promoted it will
leave a vacancy inthe list of major gen
erals yet to be filled. The-order.,'of'.se
niority •; of the new major generals jj un
doubtedly will determine "which of > them
will have command of the military -.forces
In the Philippines.' which ¦¦ command i it? is
generally : understood will become .vacant
by : the relief of ; General ' Mac Arthur - : dur-
Yog the coming summer ' . : •
MILES WILL PROBABLY
GET THE APPOINTMENT
PARIS, Feb. 4.— In its issue to-morrow
... ¦¦-¦.' ¦ • • • ' - ¦ . , . ¦•-.'¦¦
the Slecle will "revive the story of the al
leged impending marriage. ¦ of • Emperor
Francis Joseph and Frau Schratt, former
ly of the Bu rg Theater, which was latel y
denounced as a canard in Vienna. The
Slecle will! say everybody In Austria- Is
aware of the affectionate . relations bind
ing Frau Schratt, with :the Imperial'^fam
ily.-; A short time ago Vienna learned with
surprise that she was about to retire and
make the journey from Bavaria to Rome.
Soon afterward It xvas announced she had
come, back ' from.Romei And. the Pope^had
given her. his; lasting benediction. » ; : It now
appears, though the affair Is not yet
Francis Joseph and Frau Schratt Are Prepar
ing for Their Union.
wholly unveiled, the Pope not only vouch
safed Frau Schratt, who was accompanied
by the Countess de Tranl, sister of the
late Empress, a paternal reception, but he
even yielded to pressing Insistence, sup
ported by diplomatic action, and granted
nullity to her marriage* to Baron Klsc'h.
by whom she has a son. '
The retirement of Frau Schratt from
the stage and her. divorce are, by all ac
counts, preliminaries to . her marriage
with: the Emperor. His Majesty, It ap
pears, has signed \a brevet raising the
lady to the I rank of nobility under the
title ; of Countess -Hochstenbergr. and the
publication of "this brevet and the mar
riage will take place immediately.
ROME, Feb. 4.— The »long-expected
attack on the Saracco Ministry
was opened in the Chamber of
- Deputies this afternoon. The
„ Ministry is in' bad odor t\1th sev
eral •partieK"on account of Its efforts to
bring about reforms* In the administra
tion and Improvements in the military
and naval services, which, ho-wever, have
necessitated fresh financial resources.
The Ministry presented Its final. bills,
which tho Budget Committee refused to
accept! The Government then requested
the committee to, draft another scheme,
but the latter declined.
NORTHERN ISLANDS ARE
ACQUIRED BY AMERICA
MARRIAGE OF EMPEROR
AND ACTRESS IMPENDING
commissions, which. ended the war with
Spain, provided for the cession by Spain
of all the ' Islands .within : certain defined
boundaries, the jiferthern boundary being
"a lino running from west to east along
or near the twentieth, parallel -of north
latitude and through, the; middle of the
navigable channel of Bachl." •
. Rear' Admiral Bradford, .chief of the
Naval- Bureau of Equipment," who was
CALL BUREAU,: 1406 G STREET, N,
W.. WASHINGTON. Feb. 4.— It developed
to-day that by the treaty recently ratified
by the Senate the United States, in
addition to perfecting its claims to the
islands of Xagayan and •. SIbutu, has
definitely established its right to sover
eignty over tbe Bachl or Bashee and other
islands to the north , of the • Philippine
archipelago proper. . . :
A report is current to-day that the steps
taken by this' Government to complete
its title to Bashee and other' Islands to
the north of Luzon were due to.represen
tations made' by Japan. After the acqui
sition of Formosa from . China, . Japan
found . the % question 'of Jurisdiction ¦ a
troublesome one because, of -the Spanish
claim to islands near Formosa, and after
negotiation/ the boundary- line between
the Japanese and. Spanish possessions was
fixed at 21 degrees 30'mlnutes, Just south
of the island. of Formosa and # to the north
of Bashee : Island. The treaty of ! Paris
negotiated by : the | American • and Spanish
By Recent Treaty Title Is Made Clear to
Lands North of the Philippines.
the naval attache. of the Peace Commls
'sion, upon examination of more detailed
charts of the Philippines, discovered that
Bachl and several other islands lay out
side of the northern boundary, and It is
apparent that Japan made the same dis
covery.
To correct this error. Secretary Hay In
the treaty for the purchase of tho islands
of Cagayari and SIbutu for $100,000 Induced
the Spanish' Government to agree to thla
as a text of the> article: "Spain relin
quishes to the United States all claim and
title which .she- may have had at the
conclusion of the treaty of peace of Paris
to. any and all Islands belonging to the
Philippine archipelago lying outside the
lines described in Article III of that
treaty," and particularly to the islands of
Cagayan. Sulu and SIbutu and their de
pendencies, and agrees that such Islands
shall be comprehended in the cession of
the archipelago as fully, as If they had
been expressly Included .within these
lines." • ...*'. ?¦
The belief prevails; net© that Japan de
sired the United Stated jto acquire defini
tive title to the islands north of the twen
tieth degree of latitude, rather than per
mit Spain ;to claim them for the purpose
of selling them to Germany or some other
power. Rear Admiral- Bradford says the
islands are strategically Important, and
It was advisable for this Government to
acculre .them.' '
In a Fierce Battle Fought Near Eebel
Headquarters Federal Troops '
Are Victorious. -
CITY OF MEXICO, Feb. 4:~Merlda ad
vices show that on Thursday last a battle
was fought between Maya rebel Indians
and- Government troops twenty-five mlU-s
from : ,rebol headquarters. Eight hun
dred Indians, -armed with muskets,
attacked the Sixth • Battalian, which
held Its ground . though outnum
bered,, and 'Inflicted a heavy: loss on
the enemy, who had! fifty, killed and about
100 wounded. The'Federal troops lost four
men. The. Tenth has gone for
ward to reinforce outposts.
MAYA INDIANS ATTACK
GOVERNMENT FORCES
Active Steps Taken to Protect tho
; Lives of Victor Emmanuel and
Leopold, v^'";'
PARIS, Feb. 4.— Le Rappel publishes a
dispatch from. Rome- saying: Agents of
the Italian detective department in the
United States report that Calgano,. the
anarchist, has left for Europe to make
an attempt on the life of Krng Victor Em
manuel, and. that he is acting under or
ders of the Paterson anarchists. . The
Italian police are watching the ports and
frontier stations. ¦' •'"
LONDON, Feb. 4.— The King of the Bel
gians left for Belgjum this evening. At
the railway station the police .removed a
man who had been acting strangely and
who was suspected of having some design
against the King. ' •- ¦¦
TWO KINGS THREATENED
BY ANARCHISTS
Her Fiance.
THE HAGUE, Feb. 4.— Numerous royal
personages are arriving at The Hague to
attend the wedding of Queen. Wilhelmina
and the Duke of. Mocklenhurg-Schwerln.
Her Majesty, attended by the Queen's
mother and Duke Henry, met Grand Du*e
Vladimir of Russia, his daughter. Grand
Duchess Hclene, and his son, Grand Duke
Boris, at the railway station this after
noon.
Queen Wilhelmina wnsjenthusiastlcally
cheered as sho drove through tho streets.
The choral societies, carrying torches,
sanrr In front of the palace this evening,
after which the Queen and Duke Henry,
received the conductors. Subsequently
her Majesty, the Queen's mother and
Duke Henry, escorted by twelve nobles,
drove around the city. Everywhere they
were greeted with 'cheers.
Queen Wilhelmina Enthusiastically
Cheered as She Appears With.
GATHERING AT THE HAGUE
TO ATTEND ROYAL WEDDING
Von WaJdersee's Troops May Con
duct China's Ruler to Peking.
LONDON. Feb. 4.— The Pali Mall Ga
rette's Tientsin correspondent cables as
follows: There Ik r.n impression here that
a. German expedition, commanded by Von
Troth, has gone to the northwest for the
purpose of escorting the Emperor to the
capital. Von Waldersee will shortly join
Von Troth's force.
TO ESCORT *THE EuTPEROR.
"Belgium In China now practically
means Russia. The Russo-Belgian at
tempt to i»et a Belgian appointed adviser
to IA Hung Chang find Prince Chlng, how
ever. Is likely to fail. Great Britain and
Germany declining to consent."
LONDON. Frb. 4._"Thcre. Is no doubt."
pays the -Peking correspondent of the
Dally Ma!l. wiring Saturday, "that Bel-
Elan capital has acquired a controlling In
terest in the American undertaking to
construct th<^ railroad from Peking to
/Hankow, although the full effect of the
<5'-aI wiH not be irade public at present.
Acquires Controlling Interest in
Railroad From Peking to Hankow.
BELGIUM TO AID RUSSIA.
The Senate adopted a motion approving
cf General -»ndre*s declarations by a vote
cf 1C6 to C5.
Oer.rral Andre In his reply praised the
behavior of the French expedition In
China. He said he could not be held re-
Fponsib'e for the criticisms of certain
newspapers, as he himWlf was not exempt
from attack.
fiuct of the French expedition 'in China.
He alluded to articles In the Russian press
indicating that France was beginning to
douht the unity and efficiency of the
French army.
PARIS. Feb. 4.— In the Senate to-day
Comte de B]o!s attacked the policy of the
Minister of War, General Andre, and re
proached him with permitting injurious
-eports to fee circulated regarding the con
China Expedition.
Criticism in French Senate of th?
GEUXHAI. ANDEE UPHELD.
The choir sang Sir Arthur Sullivan's an
thein, "Yes, Though I Walk"; the hymn.
Then tho coffin was carried into the
mausoleum, preceded by. the choir and
clergy. The members of the royal family
took places on each Bide of the sarcopha
gus; the royal household standing, in the
transept on each side.
The rest of the ceremony, was private,
as the space was limited.
The Queen's pipers played from the
gates of the mausoleum Itself.- On ar
riving there the Queen's company of
Grenadiers opened outward and formed In
double rank on the steps, where the
choir met the funeral cortege. The
Highlanders, pipers and servants on their
arrival went Into the mausoleum and took
up the positions allotted to them.
Into the Mausoleum.
The route of the last funeral procession
was through the Norman gateway, across
the quadrangle, through the George IV
archway, down Long Walk, through the
lodge gates and then from Long Walk to
the mausoleum.
The route from the George IV archway
to the gates of the mausoleum was lined
with troops under the command of Col
onel Miles of the First Life Guards.
There, between the broad avenue ¦ of
stately trees, the crowds were the thick
est, forming dense black banks.
At the lodgre gates the strain of tho
band died away and the pipere commenced
their lament.
The rear of the procession was brought
up by the suites of the Kings and Princes,
their varicolored overcoats forming a
striking patch of color. Down the long
jvalk. with the band still playing Chopin's
dirge, this quiet throng slowly made its
wax to the mausoleum. The horses at
tached to the gun carriage were Inclined
to be restive, but as an extra precaution
a firajr of ropes was attached to the
wheels and held by sturdy a'rtillerymen.
As the last trio of these .veiled -women
passed out from the castle there came
two boys dressed in bright tartan kilts
and velvet jackets. Between them .was a
young- clrl, her fair loose hair glimmer
ing against the crape of her mourning.
Two of the.«a were children of -Princess
Henry of Battenberg .and the other- was
little Prince Edward <>• York. His tiny
Irgs could hardly keep pace even with the
slow progress of the mourning band.
Royal Children Mourn.
In piece on the gun carriage was the
same regalia which attracted the eyes of
millions since the march to the KT&ve be
gan at Osborne. Close behind walked the
King, Emperor William and the Duke of
Connaught. wearing: dark military over
coats and plumed cocked hats, and look
ing pale and careworn. In similar dull
attire were the Kings of Portugal and
Belgium. All heads were bent. The blu<»
and gray of the German Princes redeemed
the royal group from somberncss of color.
Behind these walked Queen Alexandra
and the royal Princesses, deeply veiled.
The Queen carried an umbrella, but the
others hail their hands folded.
WINDSOR. Feb. 4.— The last
honors have been paid to
Queen Victoria, Her body
now rests peacefully near
that of her husband in the mausoleum at
Frofrmorc. The final ceremonies were of
a more pathetic character than any of
the obsequies which preceded them.
Shortly before 5 o'clock, in the presence
cf the royal mourners, the Grenadier
pxiard of .honor lifted the coffin from its
temporary resting place in the Albert
Mrrr.or'.il Chapel and pl.-eed it on a pun
carriage*. In the meanwhile the Queen's
company of Grenadiers, drawn up in the*
quadrangle, presented arms and wheeled
into 11m. their rifles at the reverse., and
with sfow, measured steps marched to
ward the castle gate. At the head of the
procession was a band playing Chopin's
funeral march.
Slowly the cortege passed under the
massive archway on to Long Walk,
which was a mass of black brilliantly
edged with scarlet. Life guardsmen kept
the crowd back.
The story is told throughout London to
night, and Sir. Felix, who is acknowledged
to be the greatest throat specialist of tho
empire, keeps constant' watch upon his
royal patient.
! LONDON. Feb. 4.-King Edward is 'a
victim of cancer of the throat. There Is
absolutely, no : doiibt : of this and 'the' best
specialists in the kingdom agree his davs
are numbered. His case is exactly simi
lar to that of the late Emperor Frederick
.of Germany and also of the Duke* of Edin
burgh.
Sir Felix Semon, who is In regular at
tenda.nce upon his Majesty and sprays his
throat at frequent intervals, is authority
for the statement- that the dread disease
runs In the family of the King and there
ffc absolutely no hope of . his recovery.
Throat and Cannot Recover.
The King a Victim of = Cancer of
EDWAED'S DAYS NUMBERED.
The King-Emperor has sent a special
message to the people of India and a
greeting to the ruling, chiefs of the native
states, lie refers to tho late Queen's spe
cial interest in India, to his own visit to
that country, to the deep impression he
received and to his purpose to follow the
Queen-Empres3 in working for the well
being of all ranks In India.
After alluding to the "common sorrow,"
the King concludes by again^pledglng to
"walk in the footsteps, of the iate Queen
in the fulfillment of my great responsi
bilities."
LONDON, Feb. 5.-KIng Edward has ga
zetted the following to his Bubjecls
throughout the empire:. ;
"To my people: Now that the last scene
has closed in the noble and ever glorious
life of my beloved mother, the Queen, I
am anxious to endeavor to convey to the
whole emnire the extent of deep grati
tude I feel for the heart-stirring and af
fectionate tributes which have everywhere
been borne to her memory."
Makes Special Pledge to Ssrve His
Faithful Subjects.
"Sleep Thy Last Sleep," and Tennyson's
"The Face of Death Is Turned Toward
the Sun of Light." set to music by Sir
Y.'alter Parrott.
By 3:30 p. m. the crowned bier, had
passed into the other lodge which leads
to the Krogniorc inclosure, where none
but the family and servants were admit
ted. The choir met them and the royal
family and their relatives entered the bu
rial place so dear to the late Queen, rang
ing themselves on each side of, the coffin.
The Bishop of Wircheytsr -read" , the last
part of the burial sen-Ice. After further
singing by the choir the benediction was
given, and amid the privacy of this fam
ily tomb the last farewells were said, the
funeral came to an end, the mourners
drove to the castlo and the crowds dis
persed. .
KING EDWAED GRATEFUL.
DUKE OF DEVONSHIRE. WHO MAY IN THE EVENT OF THE RETIRE
MENT OF PREMIER SALISBURY BE CALLED UPON TO ORGANIZE
A NEW" MINISTRY FOR GREAT BRITAIN. •
• . ¦
A special from Sebastopol says: Dis
patches received here say that four Boers
who escaped from a British ship : at
Colombo, Ceylon, sought refuge on board
the Russian vessel Kherson, whose pas
sengers received them enthusiastically.
The return movement of Russian soldiers
from China, continues steadily. Sixty-lK'e
officers and 2S00 men arrived on the Theo
dosia yesterday.
A special dispatch from Lourenzo Mar
ques says: In view of the probability of
a Boer raid all the ammunition surren
dered by burgher3 at Koma'tipoort has
been loaded on lighters and moored in the
bay.
The Cape Town correspondent of the
Dally Telegraph, wiring Sunday says: It
appears that in the action between Gen
eral Knox and General Dewet near Sene
kal, the Kafflrian rifles sustained about a
hundred casualties. More mounted troops
are still needed. Three Boer invading col
umns, of which Herzog's was for a time
the advance, are now moving toward
Orange River. It is believed- that Piet
Botha's force of C000 men with seven guns
from Smithileld has crossed into the col
ony. British concentration is proceeding.
Outlying 1 t'arrS'.jO'.is arft*beirig withdrawn
for the^purpose of '"securing the , main
lines. General Dewet is expected to enter
Cape. Colony.
"French's column, in driving the Boers
east, captured a fifteen-pounder and
picked up parts of a second gun disabled
by our fire. The commandos in the col
ony arc being hustled. The Midland com
mando is being chased by Hals in the
direction of Steytlersville. Sixteen of them
have recently been killed by our men."
"French is near Bethel, moving east and
driving the enemy with slight opposition.
Four of our ambulances, -while seeking
wounded, were captured. The doctors
were released. Dowel's force is reported
south of Dewetsdorp." . .
General Kitchener in a special dispatch
from Pretoria says:
"Campbell, south of : Mtddleburg,- en
gaged 500 Boers, who, were driven back
with loss. Our casualties were twenty
killed or wounded.
"PRETORIA! Feb. 3.— Out casualties at
Moddersfontein were two "officers killed
and two wounded. If appears that .the
post was rushed on a pitch dark night,
during a heavy rain, the enemy number
ing 1400 'with two guns. '•-. ¦ ,
LONDON, Feb. 4.— Lord Kitchener,
commander-in-chfef in:;South Africa, re
ports to the War Officer as follows: •
BritishTroops Sustain Heavy
Casualties in tne Recent
Engagements.
Kitchener Reports on
1 Moddersfontein
Disaster.
BOERS RUSH
THE POST 0T
DARK NIGHT
The authorities are much cor.remed over
th«> reports of famine In the provinces of
Shar.sl and SKensL Such conditions were
expected last summer, when effort* were
mr.de to induce the powers to withdraw
thefr troops, but these efforts did not pre
vail, with the result that the Chinese Gov
ernment was driven from Its capital and
its functions were temporarily Interrupted.
Nothing can be done, the officials say, for
the Chinf-se. unless charitable Americans
take steps for the relief of the needy.
Germany i- supported almost in every
proposition she makes by four powers-
Spain, Belgrium, Austria and Italy— and
Great Britain !s also easting her vote In
favnr of German Fuggestions.
The firm stand of this Government
Rgainst the adoption of thr> demand for
the decapitation of these men. when such
8 demand cannot be complied with by the
CThinese Government, baa caused a change
in the aif?tude of some of the powers
that have been sianchly supporting Ger
many. This Government, it Ip reiterated;
has never objected to the imposition of
the denrh penalty, but it has strongly
•urp^d that it be not demanded in cases
wnere an attempt at compliance would
r< p*.:It In elvi! v.ar. J
The United Sia: 05 I? not endeavoring to
form a combinatl»n of powers against
<*f-rm«tny t excusable though such a course
might be. for the reason that to do so
would be to divide the powers «nd It
-would be difficult to thereafter obtain har
mony of action. So al! that can be done
is for Minister Conger to earnestly point
out to his colleagues the abvi?ability of
demanding only what the Chinese Gov
ernment can perform, and for Secretary
Hay to supplement his arguments by rep
resentations" to the powers.
«~ALL'~BU:*EAr. 1106 G STREET. X.
t •'-. trAEH'KGTdX rob. 4. -Though
riost of the (owers in Peking are willing
t j agree to demand that China Impose as
Fevere punish merit as possible upon Prince
"Xan, Gor.erri.1 Tunpr r"uh Siarisr and Duke
I*an. Gcrmary still Insists upon the'r e\
trutlon.
• £¦?*¦£<.* , Plypatch to The Call.
Famine May Cause Ameri
cans to Feed Chinese
Wiio Killed Foreigners,
Insists on Death ol
Tuan, Siang and
• Duke Lan.
GERMANY'S
DEMAND FOR
DECAPITATION
With Pathetic Services the Remains Are
Placed in Frogmore Mausoleum.
LAST HONORS PAID
TO QUEEN VICTORIA
SAN FRANCISCO,, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, J9O1.
VOLUME IjXXXIX— !NO. G7.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Government AttaGked and an Interpel
lation Brought Forward.
FALL OF ITALIAN
MINISTRY EXPECTED
SIGNOR SARACCO. PREMIER OF ITALY, "WHOSE CABINET IS EX
PECTED TO FALL. ON AN INTERPELLATION RELATING TO MIL
ITARY AND NAVAL REFORMS. . .
The San Francisco Call' The 'much admired ruins . at Virginia
Water. - which many . people think are
genuine, were all carefully placed In po
sition by a firm of landscape gardeners
andthere is in Shropshire a model o' tho
world-renowned Falls of Gelsbach. water
and all, which; owes Its presence to the
same art,' while in Hertfordshire Is a Nor
man castle' in>a most orthodox. state of
ruin, but built by a Sussex. firm -
> Cliffs : can be e.nd > have been made, and
a lake with a few islands or a babbling
stream are quite easy tasks. ' .
A country house has been made to an
pear to_ stand ion high ground by sloplnW
away . the s land from it in all direction-
In the neighborhood of the Peak A^ Der '
byshlre, a mansion stands at tne'top of a
wild. : rugged^ vaUey;: In ;.; which is found
some stalactite 4 caves of great bean t -v
' f£?t vl ,? ltors ¦ y" 1 n °t be convinced
that i both valley, and caves were prepared
to ; order and invoiced accordingly
? There: Is : at present. no instance 'oh- r'ee-"
ord of -¦' a^ practicable -i Vesuvius - that win
.Verupf* at Its owner's pleasure when re
quiredrbut' if-: the i demand v for nuch - an
artlcle^aroseahere'-'is^not-the 'ellghteat
doubt .that the -order -would be ; calm'iy
/booked and t the goods suoDlied.
There Is hardly ..anything In the way of
altering the : face "of the earth that the
landscapeNtardener cannot carry out suc
cessfully, -. and . any one : who ¦ cares for a
section of. the Alps In his back garden has
only to order It, according to the London
Mall..-.- . •". .-..- ¦ •¦ • ,. ¦". . ... ..
Gardeners . Supply f Anything From
Volcanoes to Trout Streams.
LANDSCAPES MADE TO ORDER
and gets run over. Looking back over the
list of his uncestors the mortuary officials
find that his gtandfather was' killed-. by
felling a tree tho wrong way and not get
ting out of reach, or that a team ran
away with his uncle and . broke i his neck
by throwing, him but. of the wagon.
"The evidence In supportof this theory
is remarkable." Sullivan said. "The order
tries to go back" Into a man's history four
generations, and when a man dies by ac
cident it finds, as a rule,* that some of his
| ancestors 'died" the'same way.'i Men who
follow, hazardous almost-al
ways have .ancestors who * did not>have
the average amount of caution;.- The sta
tistics ae compiled by our \ mortuary i de
partment seem to me. to be unanswerable
and they go to Bhowi that a'.lanre. share
,of accidents must have been partly due to
the daredevil disposition • of . . the Injured
man or to his general: carelessness." ,
t '¦¦ VI '.have • heard ;- this ', theory .. before, but
never 1 - saw,. its correctness- demonstrated.
I well remember v <v v suit 'where < there
wa3 'a fserlous question whether • a ; man
who had shot himself s in his v. room "alone
had done so bv accident • or < with ¦¦ suicidal
Intent. An old doctorx traced i. this- man's
family ; back three ' genera tiona " and found
no caee of death or serious injury due, to
nccident.and .on;that*and that; alone he
based :the conclusion' that > the man meant
to -commit suicide. It thought the i doctor
was a crank, but.the evidence at the mor
tuary ¦; department ; ; of k our order: showed
that; he had Pome ; reason for his ' conten
tion."—Kansas City, Star.; :
GETS A PB0M0TI0N
Stockton Man to Fill Newly Created
Southern Pacific Position.
STOCKTON. Fpb. 4.-C. J. Jr,ne<«. local
agent of ihe Southern Pacific, was notified
to-day that he had been appointed district
freight and pa.=5Pnger BKentj to fill a po
sition ju« created by the company. He
will have the territory between Sacra
mrnto and Wadswor-h. Kev., «n tho Cen
tral Pacific, and bctwwn Sacramento and
Ashland, Or., on the California ajid Ore
pon system of the Southern Pacific vri'h
headquarters in the capital citv '
Post and Corps.
There was a joint installation of the of
ficers of John A. lx>gan Post and these of
John A. Locan Relief Corrs. YV*. rt. C of
the Grand Arrhy of the Republic in Bish
op, Inyo County, in the latter part of
January in the presence of a large nuia
\*-r of invited quests in addition to th*»
rnetnherFhip of the post and corps Trie
installing: ofQcer for the pest was 'Theo
dore H. Woodworth, A. D. <J. to the <ie
rartrcem commander, assisted bv Tast
Cornmander Albert O. Collins, acting as
department otHccr of the day. Mrs Min
erva D. Verrnilyea. deputy department
president, assisted by acting Department
Conductor Miss Ilattie B. Bulpitt in-
Ftailed th*» oSicers.of the corps The of
ficers of the post r.re: J. W. Hanhy p
C; John S. Graham. C; John B. Usher'
R. V. C; Granville W. Mclorie. J. y. C. ;
Theodore H. Woodtforth. A.: Taylor llir
n«s. Q. M.: Dewitt C. Albright S
CJeorce E. WKcox. C; George Collins o"
D.: Joseph Danielson. O. G. Those of 'the
corps are: Mrs. M. D. Vermllyea, P. P •
Mri?. Mamie Clarke. P.: Mrs. Minnie
Claris. S. V. P.: Mrs. JIayWjwks J. v
P.; Mrs, Alice Humpton. C; JlSs Etta
Fhlr>y. T.: Mrs. Minerva D. Vermllyea.
C: Miss Mabel Bradehaw.- .conductress-
Miss Ethel Powers. <5.: Mr*. Mollle Har
nees. A. C: - Mftss Annie ' Cashbauph. A.
O.; Misses Minnie Koch. -Minnie -Allen.
Ida Br.ylor and Clara Grogfr, C.-B. After
installation there wore speeches appro
r>rfate to the occasion, songs.' recitations
end merrymakingr. after- ¦which refresh
ments were served, and the company left
the hall after singing ''Rally Round the
Flag." When th© corps' whs instituted. In
November 1£99. ft was in debt, but since
the mombtrs. besides' assletlng soldiers of
the war of the rebellion who were In need,
have cleared off.tbe indebtedness. It has
now 'Jiirty-five members and nearly J200 In
It* fund. .
LONDON, £eb. 5.— During a severe
snowstorm in Liverpool some telephone
wires "fell In the London road and came
Into contact with ; an overhead electric
wire. Two people were killed and four In
jured.
Fatal Storm in Liverpool.
The Home Friends.
The Home Friends is the name of & new
century fraternity that has been formed
in the East In councils of the late Order
of Chosen Frlsnds, and a branch cf the
order has been established in thi3 State.
M. Boehm has been appointed supervising
counsel for CaWforoia. with power to con
tinue the old councils under the new name
and new rules and regulations.
A council of the Knights of Kadosh. a
fraternal beneficiary- organization that
has been organized In E>es- Molnes. Iowa,
has been Instituted in this city, and It is
known as California Council No. 192. The*
foundations for several other councils
have been laid in this State. Th© feature
of the plan of this organization is that all
are required to pay a certain amount ac
cording to life expectancy, and that each
member pays exactly the sane amount
into the Institution. If a member liven
the expectancy he pay3 a fixed amount,
if another should die before the expect
ancy the amount unpaid is deducted from
the beneficiary certificate.
Knights of Kadosh.
A. men whosi^ father, or brother wa3
killed- in -an. accident- is looked upon, as a
greater risk than a man whose neor rela
tives have escaped accidents. If rflore
than one. has -lust; his -life by. accident the
risk, according to the information' given
by Mr. Sullivan,- is as bad as .though the
man : had lost " a like number of relatives
because of consumption. . The Insurance
men den't accept, any -vague theory: that
an evil genius pursues men to the third
and fourth generation; but look for -other
causes. ,The theory,-, is*. not new; but' the
statistics compiled bear it out so strongly
that Sullivan believes a •' new ; step will- be
taken by. Insurance companies In classing
accident risks on the basis of these inves
tigations. • ; : , . ¦'¦'. . ¦ ¦'--. . hi'.-C "
The theory Is that most people who are
killed by. accidents are, incautious. 1 -'. They
«re either .daredevils, who don't care what
they do,- or careless people/ who don't'take
the - trouble : to ; find out f when .their • li ves
are. in danger.'". Here -is -where: heredity,
comes In." ¦ tafBnttSBtffl^BtfMf' '¦','"' '
'A man; walks In front of a. street car
Is liability to accident hereditary?
The Modern Woodmen of America, at a
meotirg of State deputies at Rock Island.
711.. recently discussed the question, and
by consultation vvitft the mortuary depart
ment satisfied; the officers that the theory
Is a correct one. John Sullivan; of Kan
sas City, who attended the meeting, says
the medical examiners look with disfavor
on applicants for insurance whoso rela
tives have died because of accidents.
Prove to Be Correct.
HEREDITY ACCIDENTS.
An Old Theory Which Statistics
The commemorativo exercises In the
three Federal courts in this city were well
attended in spite of the rain and •were
of a more than ordinarily Impressive and
Interesting character.
In the.. United States Circuit. Court.
Judge Morrow' presiding, the motion to
adjourn was made by Joseph C. Campbell
and seconded by Marshall B. "Wood-worth,
Assistant United States District Attorney.
In the course of his remarks Mr. Campbell*
said: .'.
In all the courts of the city 'the mem
ory of Justice Marshall was honored by
addresses and adjournments.
Mr. McClanahan of ' Honolulu, J. Richard
Freud, Isaac Frohman, H. L. Gear, M. L».
Gerstle, Frank H. Gould Warren Gregory, P.
G. Galpin, Charles F. llanlon, Robert Har
rison. K. S. HeMer. W. F. Herrln. Frederick
W. Hall. Gordon Hall, Edward C. Harrison.
Lculs F. Henestler, Uvlngston Jcnks. T. C.
Judgkins, W. B. Kollmeyer. Sheldon G. Kel
lr<gff. F. K. Lane, G. W. Lane. J. P. Lang
heme. Grant A. Laughlln, T. J. Lyons, - V. li.
Lake, Davis Jx>uderback, A. W. Lyser, George
J. Martin. KnoxMaddox. II. B."- Mayer. Elliott
McAllister. Gavin McNab, Henry C. McPlke,
J. H. Miller, U. II. Myrlck. A. A. Moore Jr..
G. W. McEnerney. K. W. .MeGraw. A. F.
Morrison. Michael Mullaney. Joseph Xnplitaly.
Paul Neumann. C. II. OMtman, Frank S: Oliver.
T. H. O'Brien, Charles F. O'Callagrmn, War
ren Olney, Charles Page. John S. Partridge,
Td&ar D. Peixotto, John A. Percy, William
J. PlatEhek. Francin Pope. Frank H. Powers.
E. J. rrinsle Jr.. J. K. Prlnnle. Van R/ Pat
erson, E. I*. Pomeroy, H. A. Powell. L.. A.
Redman, William Rlx, Benjamin Jlomalne,
Samuel RoBenblum, J. M. Rothschild, E. H.
IMxford. J. S. Reid. W. C. Sharpsteln, 8. T.
Sanborn. A- Sanborn. J. J. Scrivener. - S. " V.
Smith, ' Charles A. liow, J. • H. Stephens. T.
S. Stratton, Edmund Tauszky, William Thomas,
Crittenden Thornton,' Captain Wilson, I. J.
Truman. W. J. Tuska. E. ' A. Taylor, J. S.
Tobin. W. C. Van Vleet. ,T. C. Van' Nesn. A.
F. VogelBang, C. T. Weller. A. .L. Merle, n.
V. Whiting. J. T. Williams. E. Myron Wolf.
J. A. Waymire, Charles S. Wheeler and John
A. Wright.
' Judges William W*. Morrow, W. H. Bcatty.
T. B. McFarland. R. C. Harrison, John
Haynes, George H. Smith, N. P. Chlpman,
\\ beaton. A; Gray, - J. A. Cooper. Jairies • M.
Sta*-ell, F. J. Murasky. J. C. B. Hebbard,
Tiank H. t>unne. M. C. Sloss and William
P. Lawlor: Edwin M. Adams, A. C. Aiken,
N. B. Bosley, M. .H. Brandensteln. J. F.
Hoyd. John M. Burnett. A. E. Baldwin^ A. A.
Kaktwin, John J. Barrett. II. O. Beatty. U.
S. Beedy, Harmon Bell, A. A. Blgelnw, J. • V.
Bowie. E. A. Bridgeford, I. I. Brown, D. W.
l-urchard, Lawls V. ByinRton. Joseph C. Camp
bell, E. C. Chapman, H. X. Clement, .W. K.
Colby. Bruce Cornwall. J. F. Cowdery, T. J.
Crowley, Charles S. Cushlng, A. Comte Jr.,
\V. B. Cope, W. W. Cope, A. IL Countryman.
F. P. Deerins:, John I-. I3eahl. William Den
man, S. C. Denson, X. U. Dodpe, John E.
Drum. John- J. Dwyer, Alexis G. Bills. Charles
P; Eells, Sidney M. Ehrmann, Henry Eleh
koff. O. P. Evans, W. II. Fifield, E. S. Fow
ler, Sanford Felgenbaum, R. M. Fitzgerald,
Nathan H. Frank.
City and County Attorney Franklin K.
Lane also spoke; His theme was "John
Marshall, the Statesman."
Besides being the occasion for honoring
the memory of Marshall the affair was
the annual banquet of the Bar Associa
tion of San Francisco. The list of guests
is as follows:
Mayor Phelan was the first to speak,
his address being on "The Reign of the
Law." Justice of the Supreme Court ,T.
B. McFarland followed him and dwelt
upon "The Opportune Appointment of
John Marshall as Chief Justice." Judge
J. A. Cooper, who assists in making your.g
lawyers, told all about tha greatness of
the dead jurist in responding to the toast,
"Marshall, the Great Judge and the
.Builder of Our Constitution."
Nearly all the leading lawyers of San
Francisco met last night at the Mer
chants' Club to do honor to the memory
of Johjj Marshall, once Chief Justice of
the United States Supreme Court, who Is
regarded as the greatest exponent of, the
American constitution. It, was just, one
hundred years ago that Marshall, then a
bright but briefless lawyer, was appointed
to his exalted position.
In Judge L>awlor"8 court ex-Judge Sulli
van. In moving the court to adjourn out
of resnect to the memory, of the great
Chief Justice, said he had been requested
to do so by a. committee. . He paid a plow-
Ing tribute to the memory, of the distin
guished jurist and said among other
things: - t
When callwi to his rest after bo many years
of distinguished service It . vrns said by the
survivors ..who hail surrounded • him as co
laborers in : that great tribunal and so delib
erately stated upon Its record that "the science'
of Jurisprudence will forever acknowledge him
as one of Its Rreatrst benefactors."
Assistant District Attorney Alford also
made a few eulogistic remarks.
The Police 'courts, after disposing of a
few uncontested cases.- adjourned .out of
respect to the memory of the distinguished
jurist. Judge Cabanlss. was the only one
who made an address; He said: .
- Without the aid' of pree<MSont to guide him
and drawing well nigrh exclusively from hla
own-large fund, of Juridical learning and -from
his equally large store of common sense,. h«
elaborated In a form of clearly written de
cisions tho cardinal tenets of our "constitu
tion. The best evidence. If suoh were needed,"
of his real greatness as a jurist Is. the fact
that his opinions d""vered a century ago have
withstood all tho vicissitudes of history -and
of time. * ¦ ¦...•¦•' ' '
In Judge Sloss' "court the Bar Associa
tion was represented by Philip G. Gal pin.
Ex-Congressman Magulre'made the mo
tion.to adjourn In Judge Dunne's court. He
paid hlsh tribute to the memory of "the
greatest Chief Justice of the United States
Supreme Court."
Ex-Judge Ferral. ex-Judge Sullivan.
Barclay Henley and Crittenden Thornton
appeared before the other departments of
thf court and in euloglntlc addresses asked
that adjournment be taken out of respect
to the memory of the illustrious Chief Jus
tice. . .-
The address in Judge Seawell's court
was delivered in bohalf of tha. Bar Asso
ciation by W. S» Woods, who forcefully
referred to the great services rendered the
nation by Chief Justice Marshall. Judge
Seawell, in ' adjourning court, paid high
tribute to the memory of the dead juristl
The address in Judge Hunt's court was
delivered by Jesse W. Ltlienthal.
M. P. Kellogg, la a few words of tribute,
made . the motion for. adjournment in
Judge Coffey's court. ¦ •
Ex-Supreme Judge Van R. Paterson ap
peared before the Supreme Court slttin?
in bank yesterday morning and read a
series of resolutions to commemorate the
memory of the dead Chief Justice. The
courtroom was crowded with attorneys, it
being law and. motion day. The resolu
tions were not ordered spread upon the
minutes, but when the august body ad
journed it did so in honor of the famous
jurist.
Attorney Henry. Eickhoff paid an elo
quent tribute In Judge Hebbard's court
to the memory of the late Chief Justice.
The motion to adjourn out of respect to
the memory of the late jurist was sec
onded by Hon. Paul Neumann, formerly
of this city, hut now of. Hawaii.
Judge Morrow replied that the court was
In hearty accord with the sentiments ex
pressed and complimented Mr. Campbell
for his eloquent address.
In the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals before Judges Gilbert, Morrow
and Ross, Charles Page delivered the ad
dress, in the course of which he said that
at the present time while we are uphold
ing the constitution we are spending mil
lions in sendine armed men abroad to
force a foreign pcopie to become not cit
izens but subjects of the United States.
Judge Gilbert replied with a tribute to
the dead jurist and the court adjourned."
In the United States District Court, be
fore Judge de Haven, the motion was
made by Milton Andros and seconded by
Assistant United States Attorney Ban
ning. Judge de Haven replied briefly and
adjourned the court. .
He It was who. upon the trial of Aaron
Burr for treason, judicially declared that thix
republic was one nation and not a confed
eration- of -States.
The recently elected officers of Golden
West Tent were installed on the last Tues
day in January by Past Commander Luth
er Elkins. assisted by E. Cohnrelch. in
the presence of a good representation of
the 230 members and a number of visitors.
After the ceremony there was appointed
a committee of one to confer with a Uk>»
committee from the other local tent3 and
the tents in the bay counties for the r>ur
poso of arranging 1 for a reunion, possibly
in May. The time and place will be deter
mined uoon when the several committees
meet In joint ses-ion. After the tent re-
View was over all present were treated
to.-ceffee and cakes, after which thori
followed a proj?ramme of entertainment.
There was a piano selection by Professor
H. P. Patten, vocal selections by the Rin
con Quartet, madolln selections by the
champion trio. Eastwood. Potter and
Lawlor: specialties by Sam Onarick. who
told a number of stories, some new. soxn^
old and some that were grood. There was
a number of other features, but the main
feature was a three-round boxing match
by the paper-welphts. Georg-e Lu Morgan
and J. C. Smith. The committee that was
responsible for the fun of the evenins wa.v
composed of Dr. Z. T. Malaby. E. Cohn
reich and Professor H. P. Patten.
Tents of the Maccabees.
Bar Association at Annual Gathering'Hon
ors Chief Justice Marshall's -Memory
and Courts Adjourn.
JOHN MARSHALL, WHOSE CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF THE AS
. SUMPTION OF THE OFFICE OF CHIEF JUSTICE OF THE .SUPREME
COURT WAS CELEBRATED YESTERDAY, "
H.E.HUITINGTON
SOON TO RETIRE
Will Shortly Resign as First
Vice President of South
ern Pacific.
Future Plan of the Harriman Syndi
cate for tho Financing of Their
Purchase Not Yet De
* vAoped.
VA2TDEHBILT PAETY \
COMING TO THE COAST
Prospective Visit Arouses Specula
tion in View of Southern Pacific
Changes.
EA.XTA BARD A HA, Kc-b. 4— It was ac
cidentally learned uwlay that the Vander
bilt party, whlrh has been touring Eu
rope, has tak*n apartmrnts at the Ar
lington here fcr a month and •will come in
a week or Ino to oeeuny them
The party consists of Frederick W. Van
derbilt and family. Dr. S«-ward Webb and
family and their friends. The same nartv
ha« spent the winter here before, but
romipg vjft bow, soon after the Chanjpea
in the Southern Pacific ownership their
visit arouses speculation. It b CttggegteA
that the base of^ opera tirms of a vasl
Bmour.t «rt wealth may be shifted to the
X Ti Oi TIC {_ O3St.
Syndicate Knows His Ability and He
Is to Have Full
Scope.
Charles M. Hays will continue as pres
ident of the Southern Pacific Railroad,
and it Is definitely stated that the Vander
bilt syndicate will 'make no changes in
the personnel cf the road. The new own
ers of the Southern Pacific are conserva
tive financiers to the core and President
Hays Is looked upon as a man of sterling i
worth. His rrputaUor. is world-wide in I
tranFcr-ntinentaJ transportation circles. ]
When he took the helm of the Grand '
Trunk the road was looked upon as a t
derelict, yet with great executive ability !
he not only put the road on a paying \
basis, but to-day it is looked upon as one
of the be=t railroad investments In the
country. The Vanderbilt syndicate is cog
r.izar.t of President Hays* splendid ability
and he will be given full authority to act
in any way he may think fit for the bene-
Xit of the roarl.
Reports were circulated that President
Hays was on his way East to consult
with the syndicate and receive instruc
tion?. bt:t these rumors have proved erro
neous. President Hays, accompanied by
General Manager Kruttschr.iit and other
members of the executive staff of the
Southern Pacific, arc- en a tour of inspec
tion over the Western division. The party
reached Ogden at noon yesterday and will
today go on to Salt Lake City. It is ex
pected that Hays vull go to New York in
the n"ar future, but he will not po until
tie has made a thorough Inspection of the
whole Southern Pacific svstoin and can
give a good report of the condition of the
road .ind its various connections
Chairman C. H. Tnwd of the Southern
Faciue board of directors, who resides In
New York. It is said will also retain his
position. It is claimed he has a marvel
ous knowledge of the workings of the
roaa he represent?.
The report th2t Horace G. Burt presi
dent of the T'r.ion Pacific, would take
complete control of both rands as chief
executive off.cer of ihe syndicate is not
bfMevod. The local opinion Id that the
NewTork financiers indorse the remarks
of Russell Saeo. -nrho sal<i "it would be
bad policy to consolidate the two roads "
PBESIDZN7 HAYS "WILL
RETAIN SIS PLACE
It was stated to-day that this matter
find not yet been determined and that in
fact the future plan for the financing or
handling of the Southern Pacific system
had not been considered by the syndicate.
Tl.(- latter, however, have stated that the
{>!an involved not the formation of a col
ateral trust or Imposing any other burden
upon the Union Pacific. In consequence
the announcement of the plan is awaited
•with much interest.
Trading in Atchison was on an encr
rr.ou« scale. I'nion Pacific and Southern
Pacific were also both very ax-live. Sug
gestion was made in Wall Ftreet to-day
thiit further study of the Southern PaciJlc
situation might develop a pian whereby
the I'nion Pacific would be able to assume
absolute and permanent control of the
<;entral Pacific without assuming the bur
d«.n of the entire Southern Pacific sys
tem. As has already been stated in The
Call, upon the authority of men Interested
in the transaction, the chief aim of the
alarrimaji syndicate was to obtain control
of the Central Pacific and assure the per
manency of the rmtura.1 connection of the
Union Pacific. To obtain this they had.
however, to purchase the control of the
entire system.
NEW YORK. Feb. 4.— Wall street was
Inundated again to-day v.-ith rumors of
possible railroad combinations. These ex
tended all the •nrny from a union of the
surface and elevated roads of the • bor
oughs of Manhattan and iirooklyn to an
«>Mlureemcnt of the I'r.ion Pacitic-South
«?rn Pacific combination by including
therein one or two other properties and
i-.n enlargement of the "harmony of inter
est and community of ownership*' idea, to
embrace such other roads in the country
tis have not yet formed alliances.
CHICAGO. Feb. 4.— H. E. Huntlngton.
first vice president of the Southern Pacific
Railroad, and the nephew to whom the
late Collls I 1 . Huntington left one-third of
his Southern Pacific stock, is expected to
rc-tlre from the Southron Pacific executive
ttaff within a few weeks. Mr. Hunting
ton has very extensive street-railroad in
terests In California, to which It is be
lieved he interns to devote his chief en
deavors hereafter.
Special m?r*teh to The Call.
The Rev. Father Thomas P. McLough
lln of New York City lectured last night
before a large audience in Metropolitan
Hall on the subject, "The Songs of the
Sunny South." It was what might be
termed a "musical lecture" and those
who braved the rainstorm to hear the
popular speaker were rewarded by a most
entertaining address. William Craig
acted as chairman and announced that
Father McLoughlln would sing by special
request "The Palms" before commencing
the lecture. After the rendition of the
solo. Father McLouKhlin said that he did
not intend giving what might be Called a
lecture. ' - -'.\
"It will be a simple talk," said he. "on
the power of music. There is no power in
the world that has greater influence over
the hearts and minds of men thanlnuslc.
All men are moved by It; some In the
heart, some in the intellect and some in
the feet. It doesn't matter what words
are attached to a song. It Is the air that
makes the impression on people."
After reading from a number of songs
that are inspiring. Father McLoughlin
continued: "When you go home to-nipht
think over these sonps and I am sure that
you will find that It is not the words but
the music that has made them dear to
you. Music is the most wonderful factor
In the formation of character In a child.
Train a child to love pood music and you
train It to good morals. An air. a song,
that becomes dear to us In childhood is
never forgotten. It may be fifty or it
may be sixty years afterward when we
hear the old refrain, the old song we loved
as children. It at once brings us hack to
our childhood and will have more influ
ence over us than all the sermons ever
preached. The recollections brought back
to us by an old melody o'ftentimes brings
more contrition to our hearts than the
most powerful "sermon. The most of us
do not understand Verdi or Wapner. but
we understand and love the old folk son^s
that we listened to at mother's knee and
they are ever dear to our hearts."
Powerful Factor in Porma
. tian of Character of
Young Children.
MUSIC IS DEAR
TO ALL HEARTS
VIENNA Feb. 4.— Tho newly elected
Relchsrath was opened to-day with a
speech from the throne. Emperor Franz
Joseph, after the usual reference to the
continued friendliness of foreign relatlone.
which he considered contributed essential
ly to strengthen the guarantees of gen
eral peace, recalled his "^""She'EVe
at the death, of "my dear ally the^late
King Humbert, "the victim of
ble crime." and the demise of Q"««V all
toria. "who was a shining exemplar of all
sovereign virtues and who was united to
me by ties of true friendf 01 **;,^ ' _ nr ,n«>i
His Majesty proceeded: "The cordial
feeling whih characterized our c^e rela
tions with the powers allied to us .is un
altered, and I rejoice to- recall the evi
dences of German sympathy, which re
ceived such touching expression on the
occasion of my visit to Emperor \V 11 lam
from . the Inhabitants of the capital of
Germany." . , ,_,. , ¦ »>,_
In connection with events in China the
Emperor paid: . ,,
"The efforts of the powers are directed
toward the restoration of an orderly con
dition of things, while upholding the in
tegrity of China.. Happily. ttl<>T , eto J e - t Jl o ¥
apprehension .need be entertained tnat
events In that part of the world will react
upon the peace" of Europe.", .
Referring to the controversy as to the
official language in Bohemia, the speech
from the throne said: r '- i . T ,
."It is only by legislation that this na
tional conflict can be permanently settled.
The solution of the language question
would be an act of justice and statesman
ship. The Government will take the Initia
tive, as the Government is bound to main
tain the uniformity of speech In certain
administrative spheres." ••
On entering the hall Francis Joseph was
cheered..- ;
Among the Government measures is one
for- the development of the merchant
shipping of Austria. '. *•',.¦
Says the Powers Are Operating to
Bestore Peace and Maintain
the Integrity of
China.
Adverts Feelingly to Murder
of Humbert and Death
of Victoria.
FRANZ JOSEPH
OPENS REICHSRATH
the piet to-day the discussion of the
canal bill was opened. The Minister of
Public "Works, Herr Thlelen. while Intro
ducing the measure, said the object was
to bring about a rapprochement between
the east and the west; promote the sale
of 'their products, both at home and
abroad, and then Increase th© defensive
power of the country.
"If tho canal Is built," said the Minis
ter, "the country will enjoy both land ana
water communications such as no other
state around us possesses." .
During the first reading of the bill it
was interesting to note that in spite of the
strong speeches favoring the canal, deliv
ered by Dr. Mlquel. the Minister of
Finance, and Herr Thiolen, who showed
the unreasonableness of the counter argu
ments, speakers representing the major
ity parties (namely both of the Conserva
tive groups, the Center and th© Mational-
Liberals) pronounced themselves strongly
against the canal in the present shape of
the bill, even after Dr. Miquel had plainly
hinted that In case of another rejection
of the measure th© Diet would b© dis
solved.
Count von Llmbursr-Stirum, the Con
servative leader. Ironically said that If It
were true that the projected Midland ca
nal would greatly facilitate th© transpor
tation of troops, provisions, etc.. In case
of war. then the empire ought to largely
contribute toward Its construction. In h!*
opinion. Count von LJmburg-Stlru.ni said,
the bill should be opposed, as a large ma
jority of the population of the monarchy
would b« severely Injured by the proposed
Bhlne-Elbe canal. Moreover, h© declared
that he could see serious economic objec
tions to the canal scheme. Inasmuch as
undue preference would be given by it
to Rotterdam. The military advantages
of the Rhine-Elbe canal would not be suf
ficient, he continued, to Justify its con
struction. •
Herr von Eynern asserted that the very
existence of industry depended upon the
construction of the canals. Speaking for
the National-Liberals, he declared that
his political friends would support tha
proposed agricultural bills and he said he
hoped that after an increase in the duties
had been granted the agriculturists would
be in a position to supply the Increasing
German demands for food.
BHR1.IK. Febl 4.— In the lower housa of
Dr. Mlquel Strongly Hints That In
Case of Another Rejection tha
Body May Be Di3- t
solved. : -.•'¦' "'
Minister of Public Works Is
Strong Supporter of
the Measure.
DIET DISCUSSES
THE CANAL BILL
Flembers of the Bar in
Coast Cities Speak in
Eulogy of Late Jur
ist's Achievements
Resolved. That when the Senate adjourn
this flay it do-so out of respect to the. mem
orv of "John Marshall, Chief Justice of " the
Supreme Court of the United States, and In
rommemoration of the one hundredth anni
versary of his assumption of the duties of said
office. •-.¦ .
•SANTA CRUZ. Feb.- 4.— In- respect to
the memory of John Marshall the Supe
rior Court adjourned to-day.
Honored Memory of Justice Marshall
OAKLAND. Feb. 4.— On motion of
Deputy District Attorney Harry Melvln
the Superior -Court, of Alameda County
adjourned to-day in commemoration of
Chief Justice John Marshall's installation,
one hundred years ago to-day.
To-night a banquet was given to .Mr.
Platt at the Arlington Club by members
of the bar.
L.OS ANGELES,- Feb. 4.— The local Bar
Association celebrated the centenary of
John Marshall's appointment to the Chief
Justiceship of the United States by a
memorial meeting 'n Blanchard Hall this
afternoon and a banquet at the California
Club to-night. Both celebrations were at
tended by the leading attorneys of th2
city. The committee in charge was com
posed of William J. llunsaker. Judge L.u
cien Shaw and ex-Jutige John D. Works.
Hon. R. II. F. Variel presided at the
afternoon meeting and Hon. John D. Pope
delivered the oration of the day. Judge
Variel declared they were commemorating
the beginning of the greatest epoch in the
life of this nation— the beginning of its
constitutional hisory. which dated from
the inauguration of John Marshall as
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States.
In an eloquent and learned address
Judge Pope pointed out what an Immense
advance it was when the thirteen sov
ereign States adopted a constitution and ¦
Inserted a provision by wnich all disputes ,
that might arise between them could be
peaceably decided. The constitution, as
adopted by the convention and expounded
by Marshall, contained the theory which,
carried forward would result in an inter
national tribunal at which all disputes be
tween nations should be peaceably ail-
Justed. When this was done, he said,
universal peace, would reign and wars
would be no more. ,i
SAN -DIEGO, Feb. 4.— San Diego has
spent the most of the day in an observ
ance of the one hundredth anniversary of
the elevation of John Marshall to be Chief.
Justic4 of the United States Supreme
Court. The observance was under the di
rection of the San Diego Bar Association
end all courts were adjourned almost as
soon as convened. During the forenoon
special exercises were held in five of the
more advanced schools, members of the
Bar Association being detailed to speak
at the various places. At 2 o'clock the
principal- celebration was held at thy
Fisher Opera-house, where Superior Judge
Conklin presided over an audience which
filled the theater. Addresses were de
livered by Professor Fred A. Crosby .on
the socialand private life of the_ great
jurist, and by Judge J, Wade McDonald
on his legal work and its Influence on the
laws - of the country. This evening the
Bar Association held its first banquet at
the Hotel Brewster. "Hon. Casslus Carter
presided as toastmoster and responses
were madefy several citizens and attor-
SAN JOSE, Feb. 4.— Memorial services
In honor of Chief Justice jQhn Marshall
were held by the Santa Clara Cbunty Bar
Association this moralnK in Department
2 of the Superior. Court. Superior
Court Judges Rhodes. Lorigan and Hy
land sat in bane for the occasion, and the
exercises were made the minutes of the
court. The dead jurist was eulogized and
fitting resolutions were adopted. Ad
dresses were made by J.-E. Richards,
Judge John Reynolds. Jackson Hatch, J.
H. Campbell and II. V. Morehouse on be
half of the Bar Association, and Judpe
Rhodes resnonded for tho bench.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. '4.— The following
resolution, offered by Senator Lardner,
wasadopted in the Senate to-day: . .
•In these days when-.th*; press can by daily
abuse, and crimination prevent the re-election
of Judges whose decisions .have been honestly
rendered, when . aggregated capital or aggre
gated labor (an secure tie defeat of a Judge
who has neither. usurped nor shrunk from his
duty, but has simply taken the course marked
out by law. it is small wonder that an elected'
Judiciary is not always independent, without
fear and without reproach. To our endless glory
and good fortune Marshall was independent of
official favor or popular prejudice or Jour
nalistic lampooning. We believe, however,
that none of these would have -affected his de
cisions even had . Jefferson had' the. power, of
removing him or had the voters had the op
portunity of defeating him at the polls.
We believe that during the century Just open
ing, with the fever of concentration burning
in the veins . of both capital and labor, ' the
former desiring to accumulate dollars and the
latter desiring, to ".share them, with the labor
trust controlling the votes and the industrial
trusts controlling the dollars, the-. need -of an
Independent Judiciary will become more and
more a prersing necessity. On both sides there
is rlzht. On each side there is often wrong.
Each i should have ' equal Justice. But this
even-handed Justice must come from anr inde
pendent Judiciary, and .this independence- can
be secured only by life: or a long tenure of
office and by ample compensation..
It has been said by an orator in. speaking of
Marshall that, the test . of. greatness is grear
ability coupled with great opportunity greatly
employed. This country* will always produce
men of great ability and it will always furnish,
great opportunities. These to be greatly em
ployed Upon the bench muse be coupled .with
treat independence. . • ¦ .
PORTLAND, Feb. 4.-ConformIng to the
proclamation of Governor Geer. Portland
took «a half-holiday to celebrate John
Marshall day. The Multnomah. bar met
atao o'clock In the United. States Court.
Several speeches were made by local law
yers. Exercises were held In all the pub
lic and -private schools, members of the
bar delivering addresses. In the afternoon
a mass-meeting was held at Cordray's
Theater. Judge C B. Bellinger of the
United States Court presiding. Hon. Hor
ace G. Platt of Ban Francisco was the
orator of the occasion. In'the course of
his oration he said: . \ ., \ % -
The esoecial characteristic of Marshall to
•which I desire to call attention, apart from
.his great wisdom, was his great courage.
Many Judges are .learned and able. Most
Judges are honest. Not s6 many have the
courage of their convictions. Many are in
timidated by the necessity of ' courting popu
lar frfvor when • they Beek re-election. Some
seek popular approval and mistake the repu
tation of the moment for the' fame that comes
hereafter and goes not away.' . .
Says He Is Not Guilty of the
Offense for Which He
Was Shot.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, Feb. 4.— Blinded and suf
fering mental torture even more severe
than his physical agony. Rev. John A.
Keller of Holy Trinity Mission in Arling
ton, N. J., protests his Innocence of the
crime charged against Tiim by the man
who attempted his life.
Cool and collected, showing no trace
of the frenzy under which he labored
Sunday morning, Thomas G. Barker re
fused to see one of his friends who called
at the Arlington Jail to see him to-day.
He expressed sorrow only because he had
faik-d in his effort to take the life of
Mr. Keller, once his intimate friend, the
man whom he believes violated his home
by means of brutal force.
Mrs. Barker bears up well tinder the
weight of anxiety that oppresses her.
Only once did she give way to hysteria,
that occasion being when she parted with
her husband, whom she had visited in his
cell. At her home she -was visited by few,
the women of Arlington not having de
termined where their sympathy should be
bestowed.
Rev. Keller's injuries, though of a seri
ous nature, are not necessarily fatal.
Friends of Mr. Barker— and he has many
—continue to believe him in the right.
Members of his church and his personal
friends outside refuee to believe aught
acainst Rev. Mr. Keller. Friends of the
latter assert that the Grand Jury will be
asked to indict Barker. .
Three stories are told, all of which have
a bearing upon this remarkable case. One
is that which is Riven to his friends by
Mr. Barker. It is a repetition of a con
fession which his wife Is said to have
made to him last Saturday night, which
drove him into the frenzy that resulted in
his attempt upori the life of Rev. Keller.
That he believes this story to be true in
every essential no one who knows Mr.
Barker will doubt. When he took the law
into his own hands, undoubtedly he be
lieved that he was performing a duty
which he owed to society. Now that the
frenzy has loft him he Is still confident
that he has done nothing more than was
rfpht.
Another story, told by members of Trin
ity Mission, which accounts for the man
ner in which. Mr. and Mrs. Barker with
drew from the church organization, re
lates to a hysterical woman subject to
fits of great mental excitement, during
which she is not to be held accountable
for her action?. Keller waived examin
ation before a magistrate to-day.
Henry B. Alvord.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 4.— Henry B. Alvord, a.
well-known capitalist of. this city, died at
the Hotel Vendome last evening. De
ceased was a native of Albany. N. Y., and
C3 years old.- He came to San Jose In 1861.
For some years he conducted a hardware
store and latar was. vice president and
manager of the Commercial Savings
Hank. Mr. Alvord served the city as Park
Commissioner, and was a member of the
Cosmos Club of San Francisco and Sainte
Claire Club of this city. The Hon. Wil
liam Alvord of San Francisco is a brother
of the' deceased. ¦ .
- -Benjamin Groscup". -
. TACOMA! Feb. 4.— Benjamin Groscup,
father of B. S. Groscup of Tacoma, divi
sion counsel for • the Northern Pacific.
Federal Judge P. S. Groscup of Chicago
and Fred Groscup of Charleston, W. Va ,
died to-day. fie was visiting a daughter
in California, and, according to a dispatch
received by B. S. Groscup. died suddenly
of heart trouble. He wjus 82 years of age
and survived his wife little more than a
year. His sudden death was a fulfillment
of an oft-expressed wish .-that his end
might come in that way.
, Ira F. Davidson.
WASHINGTON. Feb. .4."— Ira F. David
son, civilian teamster, quartermaster's de
partment.-died, of senile syncope at Tung-
Chow, China, January 26. .
Thomas O'Bri-n. \
PITTSBURG, Feb. 4.— Tom O'Brien, the
Pittsburg Baseball 'Club's first base man,
died of consumption at . Phoenix, Ariz..
Sunday night.
'Mrs. Julia Armstrong. '
ST. PAUL, Feb. /.-Mrs. Julia Arm-
strong, a pioneer, died yesterday, aged 108.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 4.-John Marshall
of Virginia was installed as .Chief Justice
of the United States one hundred years
ago to-day, and at 10 o'clock this morning
the centennial anniversary of that event
was commemorated with impressive cere
monies In the hall of the House of Rep
resentatives at- the Capitol. • ¦
The programme arranged by the Joint
committee of Congress and "William Wirt
Howe of New Orleans, president of the_
American Bar Association, was simple
and dignified, as became the life of the
great jurist. The President and his Cabi
net, the members of fhe Supreme Court,
the members of the Senate and House,
the diplomatic corps and mbmbers of the
District Bar Association attended as !n
vited . guests. Many other distinguished
persons were in the galleries, which were
reserved for those holding cards of ad
mission. Although the " various official
bodk-s entered the hall together, they
were not announced as on a formal occa
sion. President McKinley and the mem
bers of the Cabinet were the last to ar-'
rive. The entire assemblage arose and
remained standing until they had saated
themselves.
Representative Dalzell of Pennsylvania
called the assemblage to order. He stated
briefly the action of Congress in providing
for the ceremonies and the selection of
Chief Justice Fuller as presiding officer.
The Chief Justice, in his judicial robes,
was escorted to the chair by Representa
tives Grosvr nor of Ohio and Richardson of
Tennessee. The Rev. Dr. William Streeth
f-r Jones of Trenton. N. J.. a prcat»grand
son of John Marshall, invoked the divine
blessing.
The Chief Justice, in introducing Hon.
Wayn<» MacVeagh, who was to deliver the
oration, paid an eloquent tribute to the
preat work of Marshall, v.-hirh evoked
hearty applause from the assemblage. His
address was devoted almost entirely to the
consideration of his predecessor's career
as an expounder of the Federal constitu
tion, v •- y
At the conclusion of Chief Justice. Ful
ler's remarks Mr. MacVeagh delivered his
oration. It was a thoughtful, scholarly
production and .was several tirres Inter
rupted by applause.
CHICAGO. Feb. 4.— In Chicago, where
the Idea of celebrating the assumption of
office by the first Chief Justice of the Su
preme Court cf the- United States was
conceived and promulgated, all legal ma
chinery was silent to-day, "while bench
and bar. the schools, societies and others
of the laity paid homage to the memory
of John Marshall. The chief interest of
the celebration here was in the oration of
the day, by Senator Henry Cabot Lodge
of Massachusetts, at the' Auditorjum.
MINISTER DENIES
THE ACCUSATION
Statesmen Join *n the
Anniversary of the
Installation of the
Noted Chief Justice
JOHN MAR5MALL'5 MEMORY HONORED
BY MEMBERS OF THE AMERICAN BAR
THE SAN FRAjSCISCO CALL,- TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1901.
2
THE DAY'S DEAD..-
To Cure the Grip in Two Days -V
Laxative Bromo-Q'jlnine removes the' cause.*
Take Laxativ* Bromo. Quinine Tablets. ;All
druppints refund the money ifit fails to cure,
n. \V. Grove'* signature is on each^box.'25c •
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
"I Tur w\ s sr^ v[r sr 55 sr rvi sc* ~^i
M 3 ¦ D (J , 1 P 9 Q B Q g^ m I I \| R«» £1
H between irritating trouble and perfect satisfaction Fl
I lire proved Wei sbach Light |
\ with Gas-Saving Regulator p
I G^///^.Gfn«/n5andsove3353pcrcent.incostof lighting. M
a The name "Welsbach" marked on every Genuine |^
i*j Welsbach Light — the box is sealed. ¦ O
i| Look for the Name Look for the Seal j^j
1 Welsbach Company HINCIDENTS OF A DAY IN THE ASSEMBLY CHAMBER AT SACRA WENTO.
Continued From First Page.
MRS, NATION
¦ IS ASSAILED
The Assembly Committee on Federal
Relations, by a vote of two to one, but
three members being present, agreed to
report Cutter's antl-Kinyoun resolutions
favorably. Mellck will present a minority
report. '
The Senate Health Committee decided
to report without recommendation the bill
to recognize osteopathy as . a branch of
the medical profession.
At the -Ways and Means Committee
meeting to-day favorable reports were
agreed upon for the bill Introduced by
Berry appropriating $5000 for flumes and
floodgates at the outlet of Lake Earl, Del
Xorte County, and for Ray's bill trans
ferring the $50,000 previously appropriated
for the Mariposa road to a new Yosemite
road fund, to meet a Federal appropria
tion of JSO.OOO.
The Assembly Committee on Roads and
Highways decided to-day to recommend
for passage Assembly bill No. 632, by
Milice, carrying an appropriation for a
San Jaclnto-Temecula road in Riverside
and San Diego counties, and Williams*
bill appropriating $10,000 to aid In the con
struction of the Alameda-Contra Costa
wagon road.
The Assembly Committee on Public
Health and Quarantine decided to-day to
accept the Invitation of the commercial
organizations of San Francisco to meet
their representatives in the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce on Wednesday aft
ernoon at 1 o'clock to hear arguments
against Assembly bill No. 294, creating a
State quarantine officer. The decision la
provisional, and there is a suspicion that
the committee will change its mind if the
friends of the Governor's quarantine
measures crack the whip about its heels
with convincing' sharpness.
rule, that will make that body
more than ever a feared arbiter of the
fate of bills. In future a quorum Is to
consist of the chairman, or whomever he
may designate to preside in his absence,
and three members. . The committee con
sists of eleven members, and practically
all of them but the chairman are on other
Important committees, and at times will
be compelled to be absent The Ways
and Means Committee . meets daily, and
under the new rule a. favorable or unfa
vorable report on almost any bill may be
obtained by the proper amount of manipu
lation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 4.-The Ways and
Means Committee of the Assem
bly adopted to-day a new quorum
Appropriations for
Two "¦Public High
wags Favored.
COMMITTEE
ACTION ON
NEW BILLS
North Carolina. In old colonial days,
xras called the "Old Xorth Colony," and
the name, with State instead of colony,
has been retained to the present time..
It has also been called "Turpentine
6tate," from the importance of this ar
ticle in the list of He exports.—Philadel
phia Inquirer.
Old North Colony.
Smallpox Patients E«cover.
OAICI>ANt>. Feb. 4.— The Board of
Health has received a repoVt that all
smallpox patients in this city are con
vakscont or have recovered. There are no
new cases.
OAKLAND. Feb. 4.— The City Council
to-night adopted resolutions requesting
The legislature to cede to the city that
portion of Lake M«rritt title to which yet
remain? in the State. The Council will
ir.cpt Thursday evening to prepare and
publish the proclamation for the munici
pal election which will be held March 11.
Work of the City Council.
Taken and No Trace of th*
B^obber Is Found.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 4.— A car of the
Adarss Express Company attached to the
train which left this city at midnight Sat
urday for New York was rifled en route
of miscellaneous freight estimated to be
worth about «4000. The robbery was not
discovered until some time after the train
had arrived at Jersey City.
Fxprcss Messenger Thomas Barber of
Trenton was in charge of the car belong
ing to the Adam? Express Company, but
l'is orders required him to remain in a car
\v? 'ch carried diamonds and Jewelry, and
ronsequently he was unaware of the pres
ence of the robbers in the other car. It
is! thought tho robbers entered with a
duplicate kry. fYX' A
Hore That $4000 Worth of Good3
ADAMS ZXPEESS CAB
BOBBED OF FREIGHT
The report of the first Grand Jury on
the island of Hawaii, at Hilo. has just
been presented. It deals very largely with
the conditions of Immorality said. to be
existing In the town, and calls for vig
orous reform. Tb« town is referred to in
the report as "a modern Bodom.V and tho
police and courts are urged to take stern
measures to improve the conditions. The
hackmen are much blamed for their part
in the undesirable business which the
Grand Jury demands be stopped.
••IJIMy" Hurt, the famous gambler, is
in Honolulu, having come here on the
steamship Sierra undor the name and title
of Color.e! Allen. Hurt had a few poker
games hereabouts and was suddenly ex
posed and accused of running "sure thing"
Frames. The poMce are now watching him
very closely. Hurt rented a house in the
residence district, and he Is said to have
fitted It up with electric apparatus, mir
rors and other necessaries of the gambler
who tokos no chances to lose and he made
mftny efforts to make the acquaintance of
local wealthy men.
Manager F. J. Cross of the Wireless
Telegraphy Company reports success in
getting messages from the island of Maul
to Honolulu. The system is not yet open
to the public, however, and there Is a
grood deal of skepticism about Its working.
Cross says he is having operators, trained
and that when he has enough of them he
¦will open regular communication across
the various channels that separate the
different islands of the group.
The Board of Health has ; received a
plaintive kick from the leper settlement
at Molokai. A number of the lepers ap
pointed a committee to address the board
and ascertain why there was not enoutrh
poi. and the committee sent a letter to
the board on the subject. The letter says
that many of the lepers have become
weak on account of tho lack of pol, and
that many will soon be laid In their graves
if the want is not supplied. The native
Hawaiian needs poi for food. "Jiice,
bread and crackers are all very well lri
their way." says the letter from the lep
ers, "but we cannot llvo without poi." If
the board cannot feed them with poi, the
lepers ask to be released from their land
of pain and sorrow, in order that they
may return to their families and be looked
after.
The Mokihana is a vessel of only about
25 tons. She left Honolulu for Kahulul,
Maul, and broke her rudder before she
had passed around Diamond Head: Re
pairs were found to be Impossible and the
vessel's course could not be controlled.
Ehe was blown south till she was out of
sight of land, and wmi a gale still blow
ing and no land ahead for thousands of
miles the men almost ftave themselves up
to despair. Winds changed and the ves
sel came back to Oahu, but cpuld not get
near shore nor attract attention by sig
nals of distress for two days. At the
end of that time she went ashore on the
reef at Waianae. Captain. Green and the
crow got ashore and were assisted by the
plantation at Waianae. Later they were
brought to Honolulu by the Oahu Rail
road. The schooner is still aground, but
may be saved, as the beach is sandy
where bhe struck. This Is the third time
in a year that she has been aground. The
last time was only a few weeks ago, at
Kahului. and she -was on her ilrst trip
after changing ownership since that last
disaster.
HONOLULU, Jan. 24.— Captain C. F.
Green and two natives of the crew of tho
little Island trading schooner Mokihana
reached Honolulu last Sunday morning
with a story of thrilling experience at sea
for a week previous. During th© whole
of the period the vessel had been unman
ageable, almost in s!ght of Oahu all the
time, but with provisions and water run
ning short. Constant gales drove the craft
and the men almost despaired of. . ever
reaching shore again.
Awful Experience of the
Little Island Schooner
Mokihana.
DRIVEN BEFORE
HOWLING GALES
Public discussion of the provincial gov
ernment bill has been completed. The bill
¦will be passed Wednesday, and soon after
¦ward the Commissioners will begin their
tour of organizing provincial governments
In those provinces of Southern Luzon
¦which General MacArthur and the Com
missioners consider sufficiently pacified.
Commissioner* Wright and lde. who ars
drafting the criminal and civil codes, may
remain in Manila ttmporarily to complete
their work by February IS. when the Com
missioners and practically all the eni
p!oves will sail for the southern islands,
¦where they will examine the conditions
and continue the organization of govern
ments In provinces which are found to be
prepared for self-government. The Com
missioners expect to spend four weeks on
their southern tour.
Surrenders and minor skirmishes con
tinue In Southern Luzon. A few Insur
gents have been killed. There have been
no American casualties.
The Federal party of Baton province.
Including the president cf each puebla,
fcild a bis meeting- at Oranl yesterday and
resolved to notify the Insurgents of Ba
tan that they must cease operations with
in a •week or the people will assist the
.Americans to capture them.
SIAXILA, Feb. 4.— Natives have report
ed at B&tangas that a week ago the na
tives of the Island of ilindoro rcse
against thr> insurgents and killed the ln
i-urgr-r.t governor. There ax© no troops at
Mindcro.
Serious Uprising Reported
From the Island of
Mindoro.
REBELS KILL
NATIVE GOVERNOR
PARIS EXPENSE.
Office Tl,43;.7l francs' or $H,:$6 M
.Arr;ci;'.tural 6.306.10 franc* or 1.0C1 22
Aihura 9.41S.03 francs or J.E57 CO
Commercial repre
*«r.rative 1I.S71.43 franca cr 5.774 TS
Commissioners C?,T16.45 francs or 13.S43 2S
United States Coin
ir.:£5laaers I«.?r».r7 francs or 2.956 S7
-C"ttoTr!s T.SSi.fT francs cr 1.EJ7 37
K.-.-^rtainmTt 13,w4. 70 francs or 2,670 M
Vorettry. exhibit 3,4?7.r.6 francs cr €:<S £1
Freight Zl.lS2.Zt fraccs or 2.375 46
Horticulture and
a cried lure 1S.CJ1.F9 francs or 1.103 37
M:st»1 llS.C't francs or 23 00
Similar 2S.41S.23 francs cr E.2S3 C6
TrvnttttM (Corcmts
eloters) £C,*S8.f5 francs or 10.C77 77
Tota.1 E13.5C:.t5 francs or SC2.70O 71 '
SAX FPJVXCISCO EXKKVBR
ATbuta Jl.cr3 t*i
Estcrtalasest <¦) ?5
Commerciai representative l.SSS f0
Commissioners ei:«:itf S, 000 00
T^'nited States ConiJs'.sElcners 3.4S4 00
Fisheries 253 35
Forestry J.34I 64
Freight 2.S10 '.i
'Horticulture and agriculture 2.6T.6 29
"apa of California. 6.634 10
M'.r.in* 4,563 25
Of£c« <S«.n Francisco) 4.7S5 04
Office (Paris) 4.S05 CS
I') :o;rarhlc 902 is
Xlf'.'.et map 403 TO
Sccit! *cono:r:y 416 70
TrareUac S.OC-2 15
Viticulture 963 05
\'.'irerooc;» 4S1 00
Total K2.011 tS
All those ere charged to expense ac
ccur.t. Th» other account is made out in
francs ar.d is confined to Paris. It is as
fellows:
session this afternoon, the greater
part of which we_s t-pent in a. discussion
of how to "let the investigation down
easy."! It was decided to call five more
witnesses. These will be Emlay, Gaskill
end Itunyon, who will be examined on the
accounts and the items contained th°re
in; Foote. who will be asked to tell a lit
ile n.ore about the award of a medal to
the Alaska Packers' Association over the
fcacrarnento lllver Packing Company, and
Orove, L.. Johnson.
What the committee wants from Grove
Johnson is a-problem. but it is pretty cer
tain that in his testlmonv lies the iast
chance cf making anything out of the
:nquiry. About all that can be asked of
him is why he was so anxious to have the
I'aris Commission investigated, and what
iniormatlon he had which warranted him
In so ardently supporting the plan of in
vestigation.
It was decided to give out a recapitula
tion of the accounts cf the Commission
which had been made for the committee.
It is interesting from several points of
view, particularly in the expense items.
The recapitulation is as follows:
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 4.— The Assembly
cornniittee investigating the Paris
Com:r.iss!en held a. long executive
Special Dispatch to The CalL >
These items also are all charged to ex
pense accounts. '
Thc c e two tables account for more than
J1H 000 of the $130,000 which was appro
priated for the commission. It will be
ncticed that the expenses of th© Commis
sioners before they left San Francisco
were S800Q and that after they arrived in
Paris their expenses amounted to $13,943, a
total < xpense for the Commissioners alone
of nearly £22,000. It will also be seen that
their traveling expenses footed up over
po.ooo.
Oafklll. Emlay and Runyon will be ex
amined to-rnorrcw, and Foote and John
son will be called on Wednesday.
PBIVILEGES OF FLOOB
FOR MEMBEKS' W1V.ES
Assembly Decides Not to Keep Its
Better Halves Outside the
Hailing'.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 4.— The "members' lobby" Is
now a feature of the Assembly Chamber:
but the iron railing between It and the
seats of the members has proved ade
quate as a barrier to keep out the wives
of Assemblymen.
The issue was Joined this morning, when
several Assemblymen were tapped on the
shoulder by the sergeant at arms and in
formed that the new rule was l'n force and
that no. persons, not even their brides,
were to be allowed Inside the new railing.
Knight of San Francisco promptly intro
duced a resolution that the new rule be
not construed to prevent the presence in
side the railing of the wives of members.
The resolution aid not meet unanimous
approval. Ralston said the «rule was
adopted with a. purpose and if the As
sembly began by making exceptions the
barrier would soon be broken down en
tirely. Melick illustrated his objection in
a manner that "brought down" the house.
He said:
"How are you going to regulate 6uch
an exception as this? My wife is not here.
Suppose I brins a woman into the As
sembly Chamber with me — how are you
going to know whether it. is my wife or
some other man's wife?"
Carter inquired whether it would be In
good taste for bachelors to vote on the
resolution.
Judge I-alrd came to the defense of the
women with true Southern chivalry.
"The women who come to the Assem
bly Chamber with their husbands." he
said, "make much Ipss noise than the men.
They create no confusion, and if they are
not tiresome to their husbands the rest of
us ought not to object. 1 '
The resolution was adopted. Knight
grew bolder and offered a resolution ad
mitting ex-members of the Assembly also,
but the present members are not pros
trating themselves in admiration of their
predecessors and they promptly tabled the
Expense Account as Submitted hu the Managers of
California's Exhibit at the Exposition Is
Given to the Public.
Grove Johnson Scheduled to Appear and Tell
What He Knows Concerning Foote,
Runuon and Gaskill.
FIVE MORE WITNESSES
WILL GIVE TESTIMONY
PARIS INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE NOW WANTS TO LET GO
Special Dispatch to The Can. ¦ '^wi
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 4.— Represented by
Senator Devlin. Sacramento mada
a desperate fight to retain her
third Assemblyman thia after
noon. Devlin appeared befor© tha
Senate Committee on Apportionment,
which proposes to take from Sacramento
one of her three Assemblymen and turn
the coveted legislator over to Mono. Al
pine and Inyo counties. Though small in
population, It was shown that these three
counties are very much of a world by
themselves, and by the physical charac
teristics of the State they are cut off
from the other counties to which they are
joined for the purposes of forming dis
tricts, both Senatorial and Assembly.
Devlin argued that If Sacramento, with
a population of 45/00, had but two As
semblymen, each would represent 22,500
persons, or far above the allotment for
Assembly districts. Thia was answered
by the comment that should three be al
lowed each would represent 15,000, or much
below the allotment. Devlin then called
attention to the fact that, even were this
bo, the commitee was attempting to allow
a separate Assemblyman to three coun
ties the aggregate population of which
was no more than 10.000. This was met
with the argument that the Injunction ot
the constitution was that the State should
be apportioned in the manner that woulcV
best represent all the people, and that the
plan of theycommittee, which was the one
which cut Sacramento's representation by
one-third, had been submitted only after a
careful consideration of the needs of th«
whole State.
In vain Devlin argued that Sacramento
was entitled to the extra Assemblyman
by the terms of the constitution, which,
says the people of a county shall be rep
resented equally, for ho was met with an
other and broader provision, which re
quires that the people of th« State shall
be equally represented. It was shown that
because of their small population Inyo,
Mono and Alpine could never obtain recog
nition In conventions, and as they all have
an Identity of interest It was decided to
give them one Assemblyman to them
selves.
The committee finally stopped Devlin's
argument with the proposition that in
stead of tearing to pieces the plan which
the committee had drawn he should sub
mit a better one, with Sacramento holding
on to her three Assemblymen. This Dev
lin said he would try to do so. and so he
was Riven until next "Wednesday to work
out the salvation of his county.
Lardner was to the front with a claim
to have Placer recopr.Ized as a complete
Assembly district, joining El Dorado with
Amador to form another, but no action
was taken upon it. Should this be done
Davis' voice will be raised In protest, for
he wants none of El Dorado In his Sen
atorial district, and the coupling of El
Dorado with Amador would compel him
to take it.
Funds for McKInley Reception.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 4.— In the Assem
bly this morning 1 Senate concurrent reso
lution No. 5, settlnjr asld© J1000 for the en
tertainment of President McKlnley on
the occasion of h!s contemplated visit to
the State, was adopted.
Is Given Time to Prepare
Substitute Apportion
ment Bill.
Deylin Argues on Be
half of Sacramento
Assemblymen.
OBJECTS TO
THE LOSS OF
A DISTRICT
Mellck, a member of the committee. In
terposed an objection and succeded in de
ferring: action till to-morrow. The cost to
the State, of such Junkets would- mount
up into the thousands. .
Assembly Committee on Commissions
"Would Visit Many In
stitutions.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 4.— Bliss^ as chairman of
the Committee on Commissions and Pub
lic Expenditures, Introduced a resolution
in tho Assembly to-da- that shows the
general eagerness for junketing trips to
have seized at least a portion of his com
mittee. The resolution was to authorize
the committee to take such Junketing
trips as it should find necessary to carry
out the Assembly's instructions to Investi
gate and • report what State commissions.
If any, might profitably be abolished.
PT,ATT FOR "WHOLES A T.Ti
JUNKETING EXCURSIONS
The bill provides for an appropriation of
$35,000 to be available when the citizens
Interested shall have raised a fund of
$15,000, the intention being to obtain addi
tional subscriptions of money and labor
after construction shall begin. Melick.
Fisk, Chandler and others opposed the
bill on the ground that there waa. no guar
antee in it that citizens of Sacramento
and along the route of the road would re
spond liberally enough to complete the
road without further demands upon the
State. Mellek Bald he had favored the bill
two years ago, when the county was re
quired by bond issue to advance a. sum
equal to -the State appropriation, but by
the present bill that matter was left wltn
out guarantee and the result probably
would be. an uncompleted road ¦waiting for
further State appropriation to save what
had already been expended.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 4. — The second reading of
Greer"s Folaom road bill precipitated a
contest In the Assembly this morning, but
in the end the amendments recommended
by the "Ways and Means Committee were
Incorporated and the report adopted In
committee of the whole, allowing the b'll
to go to third reading.
Fisk. chairman of the Ways and Means
Committee, was allowed, to bring In i
minority report. In the course of the dis
eussion he revealed one of the secrets of
the executive sessions of the committee,
whose actions this year have been care
fully guarded from public criticism by ut
most secrecy and executive sessions in all
action upon bills. Fisk said it was only
fair to the Assembly to know that the
committee had voted only by a bare ma
jority to recommend that the bill do pass.
Oreer said he had not anticipated that the
chairman of the committee would reveal
details of the committee's action, but that
since Mr. Fisk had done so he wouM
state that the vote stood 5 to % In favor
of the bill.
Reveals Committee
Secrets.
Fisk Submits a Minority Report and
The board met this afternoon and
whiled away an hour or so discussing the
formation of a textbook commission.
President Wheeler was opposM to the
idea, for he said the State Board should
not allow a matter so Important as the
selection and compilation of textbooks to
leave its own hands. The measure sus
gested by the subcommittee which met
yesterday, providing one Commissioner to
flnd and arrange for the purchase of
suitable copyrighted material, under the
direction of the board, was discussed, but
the board was unwilling to go even that
far into the realm of legislation, prefer
ring to content itself with suggesting to
both houses what legislation It deems
needful and then leaving the matter in the
hands of the two committees on educa
tion. In pursuance of this determination,
the following communication was pre
pared:
To the Senate and the Assembly dt the State
of California — Gentlemen: " It Is the sense of
the State IJoa.nl of Education on the- question
ot State school text-books:
First— That provision should be made for
securing the best books obtainable.
Second — That provision be made for special
expert examination In the case of each book
adopted.
Third— That provision be made for giving
such clerical assistance as may be needed In
this matter, the clerk so appointed to be se
lected by the State Board and placed under
the direction of its secretary.
Fourth — That full control of the educational
side of this matter remain In the hands cf
the State Board of Education.
Fifth— That the State Board be empowered
to enter Into contracts for securing the use
of copyrighted text-book matters. Any as
sistance the committees may ask will be
given, but otherwise the State Board will
officially go no further in the matter.
•
FIGHT OVER GREEK'S -
FOLSOM ROAD BILL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 4.— The State Board
of Education has decided after all
to leave bills and legislation alone,
and to do no more than recom
mend to the Legislature what leg
islation it deems advisable.
State Board of Edu
cation to Submit
No Bills.
WILL DO NO
MORE THAN
RECOMMEND
DENVER, Feb. 4.— In the United States
District Court this afternoon. Judge RIner
handed ; down 'a decision ¦ ; declaring the
$4,700,000 water- bond Issue voted by the
city, two years ago to be illegal. . .•._•
Germany has r to : import all her Indian
corn (In 1899 189,000.000 bushels were used),
because the corn does not mature in the
German soil. •¦..-.-¦
Bonds Declared Illegal.
¦ ¦ t
Ecenes which will almost certainly be In
augurated In the closing.
Mrs. Nation later entered the drugstore
of B. F. Sims and announced that she was
lying in wait for the members of the Leg
islature. She walked behind the prescrip
tion counter and examined all the differ
ent kinds of liquor kept on tap. As the
members of tho Legislature came in she
conducted them behind the counter and
asked them to drink. They refused in
each case, however, not because they did
not want the liquor, as they had gone
to the 'store to get some, but for reasons
best known to .themselves they preferred
not to net it from Mrs. Nation. Mrs. Na
tion., sajd Bhe was from Kentucky and
knew all the different kinds of liquor as
soon as she tasted them. She tasted the
liquors in the drugstore and pronounced
many of them excellent. Before leaving
however, she earned the druggist to dis
pose of his stock at once or his store
would get smashed.
- "You have a nice store here.". she said
"and I- would hate to spoil It; but you
must watch out, or I will. ' : •
A number of women, wives of prominent
citizens, attacked the two Joints running
at McCune, : a small " town fifteen miles
west of Pittsburp. Kans... to-day and de
stroyed the furniture and fixtures at both
places. A largo quantity of wet goods was
destroyed and broken bottles and jugs lit
tered : the floor. The women held a short
prayer service first, and then, after arm
ing - themselves with hatchets and ball
bats, marched, on the jointists. The sa
loon-keepers fled after a short parley, dur
ing which they attempted to dissuade the
crusaders from their purpose. The dam
age done win amount to $500.
Feeling runs high,- but none of the
wreckers have been arrested. The joints
are all" closed.
Curtin closed the debate on the bill with
a twenty- minute speech that > would have
carried the measure had not bo many
Senators committed themselves against it
by opposing it on the floor of the: Senate
during tho debate. He should have spok
en first, but Senatorial courtesy; forbids
that. '. ' Jk
Curtin took his defeat valKntly and re
fused to cumber tho . file ; with 1 a .useless
notice of a motion. to reconsider.'
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Fib. 4. — If solid facts and clear
cut arguments could have, pulled an un
popular bill out of tho ditch of defeat,
Curtin of Tuolumne would have had j his
Mining Inspector bill passed by the Sen
ate-to-day. It is seldom Curtin has'any
thing to say, but he made his first - ap
pearance in debate this session this-after
noon, after a half-dozen Senators, had
rent the air with their oratory while op
posing the measure.. -•¦'",
Curtin's idea is to provide an Inspector
of mines,, whose duty.it shall be to look
up complaints regarding the safety of any
mine, and to suggest changes, and,addi
tions to the safety devices and appliances.
There is no penalty attached to a disre
gard of the inspector's suggestions, but
in caso of an accident where": he has
warned the company, his evidence would
augment the • damages recovered,, and
where an -accident occurred when he had
passed a mine as being safe, his evidence
would bear out the mine-owner in his
claim that the accident was unavoidable.
Futile Argument in Its
" '.'v ' Support.
Senator Curtin. Delivers an Able but
antlne measures, which ' tho
friends of the Chief Executive have bee a
trying to get through the Assembly <m
rush orders — Is now very much In doubt.
Tho bills originally received the support
of many country members on the supposi
tion that they were framed to protect
California's commercial interests^and the
resolutions adopted by the various com
mercial bodies of San Francisco, protest
ing against the passage of the bills, have
already changed the attitude of a num
ber of Assemblymen and Insured tlie
strenuous opposition of many Senators. .
Tho subject came up in the Assembly
this morning on a motion by Feliz to re
consider the motion by which was passed
Assembly bill No. 600, tho one placing an
appropriation of $100,000 at tha disposal ot
the State Board of Health, to be expend
ed under the direction of the Governor.
— . bare quorum was present, and after a
lon^ contest In parliamentary tactics, in
which roll calls, calls of the absentees,
calls of the house and points of order of
no quorum, played prominent parts, the
motion to reconsider was laid on the tab'e
on motion of Johnson. The vote stood,
Ayes 24, noes 13. Knight explained his
vote against tho motion to lay on the
table by calling attention to the resolu
tions adopted in San Francisco. His po
sition was that In view of such action the
passage of the bill should be reconsidered.
Mellck explained his vote against the
motion to lay on the table on the same
ground that Knieht gave.
The other bills, Nos. B58 and 559, are a
special order for to-morrow morning im
mediately after the reading of the Jour
nal, and at that time the contest will be
fought out, so far as the Assembly is con
cerned.
George E. Plummer, representing the
Shipowners' Association of the Pacific
Coast, was tho first of the representatives
of tho commercial bodies of San Francisco
to arrlvoi to work against these measures.
He was busy this morning explaining to
Assemblymen the reasons for the opposi
tion of San Francisco business men. Ho
asked that delay be granted until other
representatives should be able to reach
Sacramento, and his efforts helped to pre
vent the Immediate defeat of Fellz's mo
tion to reconfeider the passage of Assem
blv bill No. 560.
The flght against Assembly bills 55S and
559 will bo bitter. Assemblymen who vot
ed for the appropriation bill on Saturday
and who had changed to the opposition
to-day as a. result of .the new Information
they had received, but were unable to ob
tain a reconsideration and were compelled
to see the bill pass out of the Assembly's
hands with their votes recorded «f or it, will
make every effort to-morrow to defeat its
companion measures.
The Health Committee of the Senate to
day took up the consideration of that por
tion of the Governor's biennial message
relating to the plague, which had been
referred to It, and decided to report it
back to the Senate without recommenda
tion. This was done on motion of Rowell,
who made the motion "in view of the fact
that the Federal and State quarantine
officials and the Federal and State offl
cials were working upon the problem
treated of in the measure."
Assembly bill 560, which carries the ap
propriation of $100,000 for the Governor to'
use in suppressing contagious diseases,
having passed the Assembly, came before
the committee, but it will not be consid
ered until to-morrow. Neither will the
other measures on the same subject in
troduced in the Senate by Cutter.
7&INING INSPECTOR
TtTT.T. MEETS DEFEAT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 4.-The final pas
sage of Assembly bills Nos. 558,
659 and 560 — Governor Gage's quar-
Majority Prevents a
Reconsideration of
Health Bill.
ASSEMBLY
STANDS BY
GOVERNOR
The board of directors of the Merchants'
Association has published an official ap
peal to the members ot that organization
to stand by the municipal Civil service.
They state that It is the foundation of
good government, and that they have an
abiding faith in the service- and the Com
missioners. The appeal is as follows:
To the Members of the Merchants' Associa
tion and the Public: It is not stranse that
the introduction of civil service in place of
the spoils system should meet with opposition.
It will always bo opposed by those who want
positions and fall to obtain them and by the
natural opponents of the administration which
supports the system.
This association, seeking no office and hav
ing no enmity toward any administration.
must stand by the civil service principle and
by those who endeavor to carry It out. It
la the principle by which the merchant con
ducts, his business; the principle of common
cense; the principle of good government. With
out It. we cannot hope to make San Francisco
a credit or a satisfaction to her citizens. With
it, we may, in time, remove the greatest ob
stacle to her success. The directors of the
Merchants' Association have made it' the first
principle in their efforts to aid in municipal
affairs. To assist In its establishment > they
consented that our secretary should serve as
i.no of the commissioners. We know his -worth
and his absolute reliability. One of our di
icctcrs resigned to accept another appointment
on the Board of Civil Service Commissioners.
They must not now be doubted unless proof
can be given of their malfeasance.
Civil service has had a fight to sustain Itself
in national affairs, and wherever.- else at
tempted, and we must expect the same experi
ence-here. It has much- to: gain from experi
ence and much to learn from such errors as
must necessarily, occur. But good cltlsens
should not weaken In its support and the mem
bers of the Merchants'. Association must not
bo misled by unsupported newspaper attacks.
Our president and a committee of this board
have endeavored to ascertain If there Is any
Just ground for the various criticisms recently
made, and we are gratified 'to report that care
ful Inquiry has - developed no - proof - of the
slightest tendency toward unfairness . or of any
lack of absolute uprlRhtness and integrity on
the part of. the commission. % ,
Charges unsupported and unproven, • from
¦whatever source, should obtain no hold in the
minds of our- gcod ' citizens.- Every political
and | unfair attempt to break down the system
should be stoutly resisted. We ask that a
reasonable charity be > granted for such slight
errors as may occur, that I the integrity : of the
commission ¦ be recognized and supported ' and
that this foundation principle . of good gov
ernment bo; permitted a firm* establishment
In' all our municipal affairs. -
BOARD OP DIRECTORS OF THE MER
, CIMNTS 1 ASSOCIATION.
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION
FAVORS CIVIL SERVICE
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 4.-Cutter's bill to
repeal the purity of elections law
met a second defeat before the
Senate this morning when It came
up under a motion to reconsider the vote
by which the measure was defeated last
Friday. Shortridge and Smith of Kern
spoke In favor of the motion to reconsider
and the debate was waxing warm when
Leavitt moved the previous question. It
was carried, the roll was called and Cut
ter's bill to repeal the election laws was
kHled for good.
Muenter's bill knocking out the bank
commission was killed, and as no recon
sideration was asked for it will stay dead.
The bill was supported by Shortrldgo,
Muentcr and Caldwell and opposed by
Wolfe, Cutter, Devlin and Davis, who
pointed out that the commission was no
expense to the State.
The Senate this afternoon passed Senate
bill 204, making an appropriation to pay
the salaries and expenses of the employes
of. the Commissioner of Public. Works in
the fifty-first fiscal year; also Senate bill
341, making assault with a deadly weapon
by one prisoner confined in State prison
upon another a capital offense; also Son
ate bill 279, fixing the term of. imprison
ment for persons guiity of. bringing about
false imprisonment punishable by con
finement from, one to ten years In State
prison.
In the Senate this morning Caldwell
introduced a constitutional amendment to
•be submitted to the people at the next
election to increase the Supreme Court of
the State to nine members and the Chief
Justice. The resolution provides that the
court shall be divided into three depart
ments, "and cases are to be assigned to
each by the Chief Justice, and the judg
ment of any department 13 to be tlnai.
The Chief Justice or four Justices may
order a case heard in bank, and in such
cases the concurrence of six Justices shall
be necessary.- The proposed amendment
also abolishes the Supreme Court Com
missioners, and provides that the Gov
ernor shall appoint the three additional
Justices after the amendment is adopted.
Caldwell introduced a bill making it
a misdemeanor: for the owners of sleep-
Ing cars to permit the berths of the same
to remain down when unoccupied.
Senator "Welch of San Francisco Intro
duced a bill to pay the claim of $1300 of
Christopher McNulty for injuries received
at Washington-street pier.
Senator Devlin Introduced a Joint reso
lution, which was adopted, inviting the
Congressional Committee on Rivers and
Harbors to visit California to examine the
waterways and harbors of the State.
The Senate passed the £111 to provide for
the completion and . equipment of the
building of the San Diego Xormal School.
Cutter's Repeal Bill
' Sustains Second
Defeat.
PURITY OF
ELECTIONS I
LAW STAYS
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1901.
3
ABVEBTISEMENTSu
h|||P|| \ EASY
I!!! 1 WORK
WgSgBptltfcSj J when you are well, to
l<^Hf\Mffif{Br^ * rub and scrub, but
1 VttlsM&jjp& when the back achea
v\Ii «SsT«w4 ant^ *^ e head throbs,
xSj a woman's work ia
No woman can be
Btronar and healthy of body who b the vic-
tim of those womanly diseases which a»e
often responsible for feminine snfferingrs.
Women who have nsed Dr. Pierce's Fa-
vorite Prescription for the cure of diseases
of the womanly organs, say that work
doesn't tire them any more. "Favorite
Prescription" regelates the periods, dries
enfeebung drains, heals inflammation and
ulceration, and cures female weakness. It
makes weak ¦women strong and sick women
welL
There is no alcohol in "Favorite Prescrip-
tion," neither opium, cocaine or any other
narcotic.
« I had poor health for nine years (ever since
the birth of my child)," writes Mrs. Armintie
\7atkins. of Acme, Kanawha Co., W. Va. «• Had
female weakness, was very irregular and would
suffer untold misery. Oar family doctor did not
do. me any good and I concluded to write to you.
When I wrote I had no idea that I would ever get
well, but when your letter reached me I began to
have hope. I commenced taking Dr. Pierce'*
medicines as directed and began to improve la
strength. I '»as soon able to do the work for my
family of six. I thizk there never wera such
medicines is the world. I took eight bottles,
three of 'Favorite Prescription* and five of
•Golden Medical Discovery* and two vials of
•Pellets.'" .
Dr. Picrce's Pellets cure constipation.
To Cura the Grip in Two Says
Laxative Broxno-Qulnlna remove* th* cans*.*
m Genuine i
Afifk 15 IMPORTED :
jP^^V|\ from VICHY. France, C
gBpS In Bottles,
I Y!Z"t1 "WTii.hi jimi ill liiilwi < i Tfciii
L^—jvj*'^, Vichy In Siphons yoawo
fgig3$*: driaWcs»ehe*pinjitattoa
fe 1^^^^ whisi contains no TCfiid- '
ff^ -g — Zt *^ sal properties. His tn*t
Tjgj^p'-i'gig touml la th« Sstartl
Xlchj \7»ter.
' Taken with msmH
It PREVENTS and ORES tatSfesOoa. J
Be SURE the BOTTLE j
I LOOKS LIKE THIS CUT. |!
\ FWS«Ie stall HotelSrCries and Draffbts.
i a*aer»12«anc7.33>Brosdtta7.X,l.
iL J >vw^ r .j-JContractor Soul* Sued for Damages.
A. C. Soule, a contractor, who Is erecting
a row of flats en tlie corner of Eddy and
Franklin streets, was sued yesterday for
$10,000 damages by Marian G. Green. It is
alleged in the complaint that the plaintiff
was thrown from a buggy and seriously
injur.ed on the night of December 7 last
by driving Into a pile of mortar boxes left
standing on the Btreet In front of the
buildings. It is further alleged that the
accident Was due to the negligence of the
defendant in not placing lanterns around
the obstructions on the street.
Will List Oil Stocks:
The San FranclscorOil Exchange, which
is to commence operations in the "rooms
formerly occupied, by the old Pacific Stock
Exchange, appointed the following listing
committee yesterday afternoon:' H. C.
Tilden, W. L. Gerstle. William Baehr,
W. H. Wright, George F. Beverldge. S.
L. Ldllis and J. B. Rogers. Gustave Pohl
mann was chosen permanent secretary of
the exchange. Attorney Henry C. MePike
retiring after completing Its organization.
Mr. MePike was retained as its attorney.
Single Taxers Elect Officers.
At the regular monthly meeting. of the
Single Tax Society which was held last
night, officers were elected for the en
suing term. They were as follows: Presi
dent, C. K. Stern: vice president. A. D.
Cridge: corresponding secretary. Miss E.
E_ Dlggs; assistant corresponding secre
tary. Miss M. Dahle; recording secretary,
A. H. Bullion; treasurer, A. Melcher;
financial secretary, M. E. O'Dale: finan
cial committee — Stephen Potter, J. Ells
worth and F. Farlnft. The society will be
addressed In the near future by James G.
Maguire.
JUDGE MURASKY DECIDES
IN FAVOR OF GRAHAM
Attorneys for Contestant Costello
Will Take an Appeal to the
Supreme Court.
Judge Murasky yesterday granted the
motion of the attorneys for exrJudge
Daingerfield. who contested the election
of Judge • Graham, for permission to
amend their .pleadings so that Stephen \'.
Costello will not be able under the pro
ceedings to contest Graham's peat. Tho
contest was abandoned by 'ex-Judge Dain
gerfle,ld when the recount showed that he
had no chance of overcoming Graham's
plurality. The attorneys for Costello then
asked that he be declared entitled to the
seat now occupied by Judge Graham on
the face of tho returns of the Election
Commission.
During the recount between Daingerfield
and Graham over 3500 improperly marked
ballots were thrown out, and the official
returns of the Election Commissioners
give Costello a larger vote thftn Graham
has to his credit after the rejection of
these worthless ballots. On that ground
Costello, through his attorneys, laid
claim to the coveted place. Judge Muras
ky decided yesterday that Costello had no
place In the contest, and to-day formal
judgment will be entered In favor of Gra
ham; The attorneys for Costello will take
an appeal to the. Supreme Court from
Judge Murasky's decision. I In the mean
time Judge Graham will continue to oc
cupy his place on the bench of the Supe
rior Court.
CINCINNATI. Feb. 4.— Notwithstanding
the action of Governor Nash there has
been no suspension of preparations here
to-day for, the Jeff rles-Ruhiln contest.
The work has been proceeding at the big
hall as heretofore. The sale of tickets
goes on the same as last week. The pro
grammes were carried out as usual at the
training quarters of Jeffries, Ruhlin. Mar
tin and Childs. The" Saengerfest Athletic
Club and their attcrn*ys, after repeated
conferences. Insisted that they would pro
ceed to carry out their programme unless
a permanent injunction was issued by the
courts. Arguments will be hearQ on the
petition for an Injunction to-morrow and
they may continue for two days and then
Judge Hollister may reserve his decision
for a day or two, so that the indications
to-night arethat there will be no suspen
sion of preliminary work for some days.
Directors of the Saengerfest Athletic
Association repeatedly stated to-day that
the fight would not be declared cfT until
they had' exhausted all. efforts In the
courts, even to the court of fast resort.
The promoters of the event Insist that
they will give a sparring exhibition and
come within the provisions of the Ohio
statutes for boxing contests. They Insist
that Governor Nash Is mistaken in as
suming that the event is to be a prize
fight and on this issue they expect the
courts to decide In favor of the Saenger
fest Athletic Club. I
Attorney General Sheets will arrive at 7
o'clock to-morrow morning and partici
pate with other attorneys In the argu
ments for a permanent Injunction. There
is a large array of legal taleni on both
sides.
Prosecuting Attorney Hoffheimer, In re
plying to th* letter of Governor Nash to
daV. denied that there was collusion in the
cases before Squire Roebling. in which
Jeffries and Ruhlin w^re arraigned on the
charge of training for a prize-fighr. These
cases were continued until next Monday.
Hoffheinw wrote to the Governor that if
he found^olluslon in these cases he would
have the principals arrested again and
arraigned fcefore a Judge of the Common
Pleas Court. '..
The different ministerial associations of
the city to-day adopted resolutions con
gratulating Governor Nash on his action.
At the same time the German singing so
cieties that are interested In' the Saenger
fest guarantee fund have taken action to |
the contrary-
The managers of the fight to-day came
In conflict with the Western Union and
the Postal Telegraph companies. The
telegraph companies refuse to pay the
amount demanded for the privilege of
having their offices inside the hall and
hoth agreed that they would have their
offices on the outside rather than pay the
amount demanded.
Jeffries and Trainer Delaney had a
long conversation with a Los Angeles cor
respondent to-day relative to holding the |
contest In California if the Governor of i
Ohio succeeds in stopping It here. The big ,
fellow would like to show Los Angeles
people his true work, and it is not Im
possible that Southern California may be
treated to the battle for the heavy-weight
championship of the world.
"I would bo willing to *o for a much
smaller purse In my own town, and will
try to persuade my manager to arrange
the fight there if Governor Nash succeeds i
in stopping It ' here. Los Angeles has '
never had a chance to see me much. 1
have Improved and It would please me Im
mensely to go there." said the champion.
DeVariey. who is no stranger to l*ns An
geles, concurred in Jeffries* remarks. One
thing is certain, if the fight cannot come
off here the only available States are Cali
fornia and Nevada, and the latter la
frowned upon by the managers.
When asked about California as a bat
tlefield the Akron giant professed his will
ingness to go anywhere, at any price. In
order to m«et Jeffries. Ills heart Is set
on winning the laurels and the money
consideration is secondary with him
Manning was non-committal. He has not
loet hope that the legal battle will settle
the question In favor of the Saengerfest
board, but refused to say what would
happen if the fight is called off here.
It was stated late to-night that the at
torneys for the Saengerfest Athletic Asso
ciation will refer to the court the statutes
that were passed by the Legislature after
the Bourner riots here in 1884, when the
power of authority that is usually invest
ed in Sheriffs was conferred upon the
Mayors In the cities of the first grade of
the first clasa of Ohio, which applies to
Cincinnati only. In • this event, it Is
claimed, the county officers will be power
less.'
Governor Nash has communicated with
county officials only and not with the
Mayor or any municipal officers. Jeffries
and everybody at his training quarters
came to the city this evening and dined
with Manager Cooke and the promoters
of the contest and ppent the evening In
conference over the situation. Represen
tatives, from the Ruhlin training quarters
were also in the city and they will be at
the courthouse as witnesses and specta
tors. '.•¦,v.;: i v;^k; ¦¦> ;yt':
SEEK TO EVADE SHERIFFS.
Wisconsin Officials • Determined to
Prevent Prize-Fight.
CHICAGO. Feb. 4.— Somewhere In
Southern Wisconsin a special train bear-
Ing Eddie Croak and "Young" Peter Jack
son, prize-fighters, George Slier, referee,
and a crowd of sporting men Intent upon
witnessing a light. Is bound for a battle
ground of Indefinite location. The Sheriff
of every county In Wisconsin In which
the fight can possblytak^ place has been
warned by the Governor to stop the fight
at all hazards, and the Governor has In
formed the railroad that if they carrv
around prize-fighters Intent upon breaking
the laws of Wisconsin he will proceed
against them as abettors.
The flRht was originally scheduled for
Belvldere. 111., but the officials of Illinois
being appealed to sent word- that the fight
must not take place In the State. A spe
cl ln £ tr f^ wa . 9 ordered and the fighters,
with their friends, started on their Wis
consin Invasion. _ As soon as Governor
La Follette heard the new» he took steps
to prevent It. The fight mav come off be-
f Sff ¦ m ?»£ ln? J £ ut - " u d0f> » lt «*« b « «n
spite of the vigilance of Wisconsin offlcals
and not within reaching distance of a
Sheriff of that State.
CHICAGO. Feb. 5.— At an early hour
this morning it Is reported that the spe
cial train has gone to Gilberts", 111., where
preparations are being made to hold the
fight.
SIMMS AND BOYLE GIVE
VERY POOR EXHIBITION
Latter Breaks His Uight Hand and
the Fight Ends in ths First
Hound.
PITTSBHRG. Feb. 4.— Notwithstanding
the vigorous protest of the United Presby
terian Ministers" Asoclation and the
threat of Mayor Diohl that he wnuld taka
steps to have the amusement licenses of
the Grand Opera-house and the Avenue
Theater revoked, the scheduled fight be
tween Art.Slmms of Akron and Frank
Boyle of Pittsburgh took place to-night in
the Ayenue Theater before a crowded
house.
So far as fighting was concerned, the
bout was a miserable failure. Before the
first round had gone thirty seconds Simma
put his man down with two terrific
punches In the face. Boyle got to his feet
on the count of four, but Simms soon ha<1
him on the run. and after one or two
passes Bnylp went limping to hla corner.
A surgeon announced that hi« right hand
was broken and that he eonld not prorrcl
with the contest. The referee cave the.
decision to Slmms.
NEW YORK. Feb. 4.— Washington Del
gado, a tall, sinewy athlete of the Young
Men's Christian Association, . defeated
Arthur Duffy, the champion sprinter of
two continents*, at the gaines of the
Knickerbocker Athletic Club at Madison
equare Garden to-night. The race In
which the- Georgetown sprinter met his
Waterloo was a sixty-yard dash across
the board floor of the Garden. It was a
Special race. On the starting line on
Duffy's side were six other runners
known to possess great speed on a board
floor." Arthur Kent of the Pastime Ath
letic Club was picked out by the athletic
sharps to finish second to Duffy; but Del
gado upset all calculations". When thei
pistol cracked Duffy and Kent were off
like a team. Delgado was about a foot
behind. They raced In this position, leav
ing the others further behind at every
jump, until they had covered thirty yards.
Then the long logs and space devouring
stride of Delgado began to be felt and at
fifty yards he had passed both his rivals
and was still gaining. When he broke
the tape a yard separated him from Duf
fy, who was a foot in front of Kent.
Alex Grant represented the University
of Pennsylvania and after a" desperate
struggle with a, field of oixteen won the
halt-mile race from scratch.
There was an intercollegiate team relay
race in which. twelve" collegians took part.
Cornell, Columbia and the College or the
City of New York each Bent four of their
speediest, men to capture this hiphly
prized trophy.* Cornell galloped oft witn
It without trouble. Each of her men out
rode the other representatives. Columbia
was a poor second and the College of the
City of New York a bad third. Summary:
SO-yarJ da«h, novice— Won by J. Walyh, Cor
nell. Time, b seconds.
8S0-yard rnn, handicap— Won by F. Wi Allis,
West Side Y. M. C. A. (44 yards). Time,
2:00 2:5. ¦- - -
60^yard dash, handicap — Won by A. II. Kent,
Pastime Athletic Club (3 feet). Time, 6 sec
onds.
Intercollegiate team race, teams of four
men, each man to run a quarter of a ml!" —
Won by Cornell. Time, 3:42 4-5.
560-yard run, handicap — Won by O. Vandan
enberjc, B. H. £. A. A. (45 yardu). Time,
1:16 2-5.
Special 80-yard da»h (scratch)— Won by Del
gado, West Sldn Y. M. C. A. Time. 6 1-5 sec
onds. ¦ '
The mile run wa» vron by C. O. Haughton,
Star Athwtie Club. Time. 6:42.
Latter, at Knickerbocker Athletic
Club Gaines, Covers Sixty Yards
Over a Board Floor in
6 2-5 Seconds.
SPRINTER DUFFY
MEETS DEFEAT
Champion of Two Continents
Loses to Washington
Delgado.
JEFF IS WILLING TO
FIGHT IN THIS STATE
Big Battle With Ruhlin Might Possibly B? Brought Off
in California if It B? Prevented in Ohio.
SPORTS RACING-BOXING-COURSING SPORTS
TTANT TO ABAXDOX ROAD— The Santa
F« Railroad a«aln filed _< a petition -with the
Railroad Commissioners I yesterday ' asking per
mission to abandon th»lr railroad track be
tween Inglewood Junction mot Saaut Moatca.
Landslide D slay s Oregon Express.
I The express, which .was -'due Rb
arrive here last evening, is eighteen hour.s
late. The delay; was caused by a land
slide at Cows Canyon. This Is the ; spot
where a terrible accident occurred eleven
years - ago and In ' which ¦ several people
were killed/ • - .
San Mateo County League.
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. 4.-RmuHs:
Seven furlongs, eelling-Frank Ireland won.
REDWOOD CITY. Feb. 4.— San Mateo
County will have a league for the coming
baseball season. A .meeting of managers
will be held in this city on the 10th inst..
and a schedule of games arranged. The
first game probably will be played on
March 3. There will be six clubs in all-
South San Francisco. San Mateo. Red
wood City. Menlo Park, Mayfield and
Mountain View.
B-llboy Charged With Theft
rrar.K nonobue. a !>'-;i}>oy In the Inter
national Hotel, at the comer of Washing
ton and Kcarny ttTCCtft. was arrested last
night by PoUeeman Reynolds on the
i-hargp .,f having f r)t»-r«*d thf room or
Thomas Coyne, a gutst at the hotel, and
stolen a purse ront-nning $110. When ac
c-J5»-<l of thr Jhpft he broke down and
proflyrrd the mipp*:!^ pur?e. Thf monev
was not r'-r-overed. Complaints have betn
aCQUently lodgt-d wuh th<» police ennccrn
ir.g m>stcrious disappearances of Fmall
articW from the rooms of the lodgers at
th!s hot*-l. Coyne 1* a recently discharged
Willism narr«»t». a waiter. 40 years of
?.£*. committed suicide In a lodging-house
at 5C Natoma street yesterday by drink
ing carbolic acid. He is supposed to have
!>**»n demented for. some time, and this la
given as a reaFoa for his rash act. Bar
rett, was out. of employment until a few
<2ay* ago. when he accepted a hosition In
a Fourth, street restaurant. He left: his
work early yesterday morning and went
to bie room. Later in th* day hiss Hfejess
bo,dy was* discovered. The landlady of .the
hoi;!:<' rfys that Barrott had threatened
cuirtde on sever*! occasions.
Waiter Drinks Carbolic Acid.
Sirs. Adele Mtlanie Bousquet. -who lived
et421 Asrhbury street, was. found dead In
her room yesterday morning ¦ by her
daughter. Mrs. R. Neaple. She had been
apphyxfated by illuminatinp pas. The
!a.dy was 71 years 'of arc/ and her "death
1p Fuppofed to have been the result of an
accident
Agid Woman Killed by Gas.
A midweek reserve stake of sixty entries
will be run off to-morrow at Union Cours
ing: Park. The drawing last evening re
sulted as follows:
Midweek reserve etake, sixty entries— Curtis
& Sons' Echo vs. C. lionner'n Wild Norah;
Yosemite Kennels' Nordlca vn. D. Dillon's
Granwllla; Pasha Kennels'.. Kun Alone ..vs.
Sterl & Knowles* Sleety :Mtst; H. A. Deckel
man's Snapshot vs. M. Kolander's Leroy; J.
Kane'B Master Davenport vb. G. Leonard's Sir
Crawford; F. A. McComb's Crawford Lass vs.
Sterl & Knowles' Ripple; R. E. de B. Lopea
& Son's Minnie Wi Wa vs. H. A. Deckelman'e
Flyaway: Curtis & Sons' Kibosh va.- Curtis &
Sons' Psyche; Paeha Kennels' . Roundabout vs.
Curtis & Sons' Pashldn Plate; J. Holden's Roy
aliEt vs. R. Strain's Three Cheers; C. E.
Wiley's Alameda Lbfs vs. F. A. McComb'a
Frosty Horn; II. A. Deckelman's Lawrence vs.
Curtis & Sons' McKlnley; P. Rellly's Cascade
vs. Wlnal & McCarthy's . Prairie Princess;
Chiarinl Bros.' Brass Button vs. . J. Hurley's
Hurricane; H. Perlgo's Controller vs. L. Hoff
man's Prairie Boy; Oeorgre McDoujrall's Colo
nel Lopez vs. Charles McDermotfs Sweet
Marie; J. R. Smith's JennJe Wilson va. Pasha
Kennels' May Hempstead; J. R. Smith's Pass
word vs. P. StelnhoIT's Veto; Cheetham A Part
inRton's Whim ve. Beck & Hoffman's Momus;
S. A; Smith's ShauRhran vs. Sterl & Knowles'
O'Hara; L. F. Bartels' Banner Bright vs. J.
Smith's Boney Boy; O. Zahl's Hummer Boy
vb. Connell .Bros.' Mamie Ple«sant; Sterl &
Knowles' RuEty Gold vs. W. J. Leonard's Day
light) O.' Leonard's Half Moon vs. Yoeemlte
Kennels' Rebecca; E. 'M.Whiteslde's Ooldbug
vs. Sterl & Knowles'- Oleta;?J.R. Smith's In
jury vs. Charles McDermotfs Matchles«;
PaBha Kennels' . Real Article vs. Curtis &
Sons Rosinante; J. Clement's Waushtaugh vs.
T. W. Bartels' Best Brand; H. Perl go's Lady
•Davenport vs. F. A. McComb's Royal Fashion;
George Rharman's The Doctor vs. O. Zahl's
Miss "Wilson.-. ¦
DOES NOT KNOW WHAT
CAUSED" COLT'S DEATH
James R. Keene Not Yet Advised
Concerning' Particulars of the
Loss of Tommy Atkins.
NEW YORK, Feb. 4.-James R. Keene.
owner of Tommy Atkins, the famous two
year-old colt which died in England on
Saturday, Is still unadvised as to the
cause of the horse's death.
To a reporter Mr, Keene said: "I do
not know exactly when Tommy Atkins
died or from what disease, for I have not
been advised from the other side as to
the particulars of the colt's death."..
Mr. Keene took the loss of the colt, from
whose performances in England he ex
pected so much, very philosophically. It
could be seen, however, that he felt the
loss of the horse more than he cared to
show.
Tommy Atkins was one of the best two
year-olds on the American turf last sea
son, and second only to Commando, in the
ntfiblo of James R. and F. P.- Keene. He
was shipped to England recently 'with
Chacornice, winner of the futurity of 1893,
and other horses. He caught cold on the
trip over, according to advices from Eng
land, died after being landed.
Tommy Atkins was . purchased as a
yearling for $4500. The colt gave such
grand promise that his many engagements
in this country were canceled and he was
elected by the Messrs. Keene to race In
England this year Instead. He was eli
gible for most of the classic. turf events
In England and France this ! season,-- In
cluding the Gold Cup,, the Ca.mbrldge
•ahire, the Czarewltch and the Grand Prix.
As a two-year-old Tommy Atkins ran
nine races and only once was out of the
money. "> ' . .
There wa* considerable hard feeling en
gendered over the running of . the Flat
bu&h stakes, which was Tommy Atkins*
lost race, when he was beaten by Bally
hoo Bey by a head, after being badly-in
terfered with -in -the stretch:
FIHEMEN NARROWLY
ESCAPE SUFFOCATION
Lieutenant J. Mathison, W. Menders
and X. Kellehen Are Overcome
by Smcke in a Basement.
What ram? rrar bring a fatal fire oc
(urr»iJ yesterday at 11:05 o'clock In the
prcmlFof at 2Tw? Hayes street, occupied by
the G»rrke Furniture Company. The fire
was in the basement and th* firemm had
a hard tim» righting it. Lieutenant J.
Mathison and Firemen \V. Mender:- and
K. Iv>llphrn vrcr<? overcome by smoke bin
the prompt action of their comrades paved
their llvr.. Tht- fire v.*a« caused by a man
who accidcntaily dropped a lighted can
dip In pome *»jc<.-«-lsiot. Tho flame* quick
ly rjtre.-xti toall parts of the basement.
Tho less is $I(KW and is fully covered by
Insurance.'
Skipper of Shamrock Would
Prefer Change in the
Rules.
GLASGOW. Feb. 4.— In conversation
with a reporter of the Associated Press,
Captain Sicamore, who is to command the
Shamrock II. strongly approved of the
proposal to abandon the arrangement al
lowing oach boat in races for the Amer
ica's cup two dear minutes in which to
get starte/1. He favorod the flying start,
now almost universal in yacht racing-
A formal request that the conditions
should be so modified was mailed January
30, as was also a request that provisions
be made In the agreement allowing the
Shamrock JI three weeks to refit after
her arrival on the other side and another
measurement of the yachts at the Brook
lyn navy yard Instead of the Krie Basin.
NEW YORK. Feb. 4.— John V. S. Oddie,
secretary of the New York Yacht Club
and a member of its racing committee,
wh«-ri shown- the above dispatch said:
"This is the first I have heard of this
matter. As far as our club and our com
mittee arc concerned, wo have considered
the conditions are already, settled. We
have as yet not received any intimation
from the other side that there is any de-
Fire in those quarters for a change of
the conditions governing the race. If the
request was mailed on January 30 it ought
to reach us toward the end of this week.
The racing committee will undoubtedly
then be at once called together."
IN FAVOR OF
FLYING START
Dmmerswivel second, Inuendo third. Time,
1:31.
One mile and a quarter, selllnR— -Pat Garrett
won. Grey Forge second. False Lead third.
Time. 2:119.
One mile — Cluster won. Prince Real second.
Bell* Simpson third* Time. 1:43.
Handicap, six ruribnBF— Thurless won, Oer
trude Elliott second, 'Sakatuck third. Time,
1:14*4.
One mile, selling — Fleetlnsr Moments won,
Mf?*« second, Harry Preston third. Time,
l:43H.
Seven furlongs, selling— Clales won. Jockey
Joe second, Harry Duke third. Time, 1:28',4.
SACRAMENTO RESIDENT
ASPHYXIATED IN BED
ueorg:? W. Vaughan Complains of
.'•F.eeling 111 and Is Found Dead
: . Next Day. •
fiepTFP W. Vansrhan. a repident of Sac
raroTit".. was found dead In bed at 10:15
o'clock yrcterday morninp. at 320 McAl-
liFtcr fitr^Pt, where he had been rooming.
Tho ietjif was turned on. but there was no
other indication of puiride.
W. A. Treadwell, a friend of Vaughan.
madf \Ytf- <1iP<'ovpry when ho railed to in
quire aftf-r his friend's health. Vaughan
had oomrijainod of hrinjr sirk on the pre
viou5 o\»Tilnjr. lie was a wldovVer, a na
tive Kentucky, an<l 73 years old. He
leave.-* a family in Pacramr-nto.
The lunrllanly. Mrs. Margaret Radk«.
informo'I fhiof Deputy <"ornr.fr MrCor
mirk ili.-it sli<» turned off the gas at the
meter laFt Hurclay night or early Monday
morning and turned it on again at S
o'clock on Monday nvrninrf. The state
ment of th«* landlady may liavp an Impor
tant brarinK on th^ mnitor of detprmlnlns
uh*-thor death was raused by suicide or
2<-rjdcnt.
Clever Performers Will Com
peta for Stake at Union
Fifth race-One mile; three-year-olds; purse:
1743 Compass 105 1741 Bdna Brown. ..105
n«!»«)PJlurlBn 107 1732 Phil Archibald. 110
1< 48 Slap Dash 107 1729 Tyr 110
1741 Bavassa 10/ 1740 George Dewey.,107
Sixth race— Six furlong*; four-year-olds; sell-
In*:
1629 Choteau lifil 17J3 Sunello 108
1731 Maydlne .......114 1470 Talma 119
1738 Hilary 1M 1504 Favorita 108
lfill Satan IK 1735 Tlng-ft-Un* ...114
173* MacLaren 11.) 1725 Sam Howard. ..116
I486 Daniel 100" 1735 Slsquoc 106
Probable Winners.
First race— Morttanir, Warlngr, Vastal.
Second race— J. V. Klrby, Rosowar. You You.
Third race— Barrack, "Rlr Hampton, Lama
chus.
Fourth race— Tha Lady, Ordnung, The Fret
tfr.
- Fifth race-rSllurlan. Tyr. Slap Dash.
Sixth race— Tlng-a-Lin*. Favorlta, Talma,
FAST DOGS DRAWN
FOR THE RESERVE
M2 Vassal 109 113? Miss Madeline.104
1733 Montanlc 106 1457 Iviuis- Hooker. 107
1661 Harry Gwynne.112 1735 Barney F 106
Second race— Three furlongs; two-year-olds;
purs»:
.... Constable US I 1721 Maraschino ....113
Luc'n Appleby.118 You You 115
Anna B 115 1739 Victoria S 110
.... Sol 1151 1721 Ron-war 115
.... King Herald. ...115 .... B. M.nrattaln.118
1721 Larghetta 115 10% J. V. Klrby....llS
Third race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling:
."... Barrack 1(H> 173S Mnrlnpa 103
1713 Monda 109 YiV. rtacetto 106
1749 Casdal* 109 1212 8lr Hampton... 10S
1735 Mary Kineella.107 1573 I^amachus 109
1742 Foul Play lot 174t Kurdork 100
1626 Blche Shepard.104 1CS6 Dr. Marks 100
Fourth race— One mile; three-year-olds and
up: Owners' Handicap:
1748 Dandy Jim 90 1 1700 The Fretter 90
1711 The Lady 90i 1711 Vulcaln 90
17IS Ordnung 90i 1711 Bathos 90
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
TANFORAN PA J"£-H2££!^^JJ355Sd£^
175O. FIRST RACE— One mile; three-year-old fillies; purse, fZZO.
~~~ [Pol '• 1/ Betting ,
Index Horse and Weight. |Pgt| St. «. hi- Btr. Fin. Jockey. | Op. ML Cl. PI.
1708 Dttrlene 107 212 51 12 14 13 Henry. 2 3 13-5 4-5
1730 Thracia 107 7M lh 32 23 2h O'Connor ... 5 5 5 8-5
1729 Kingstelle 107 S3 3 4 6 5 3 2 3 ?0 Buchanan ..4 8 .8 5-2
1518 Artena 1C3 15 4>*4l 4 10 45 T. Burn*.... 5 6 6 2
1740 Florist* 107i 4 4 2Vi 2Jj 63- 51 Pominlck .. 5-2 5-2 2 4-5
1743 |L«. Calma 100! 36 6 6 5 »* 6 10 6 15 Ransch 60 100 100 40
1724 | Porphyry ¦ 100|_6 7 7 7 7 7 Mounce 10 15 15 6
Time— \' t , :26U; U, :52; «i, 1:15*4: mile, 1:47U. Good start . Won easily. Second and third
drivins. Winner" Dr H. E. Rowell's b. f. by imp. Esher-Aunt Jennie. Darlene took the
lead on baokstretch and could have won by thirty splashes. Thracia did her best. Artena
tioaccount in mild. Florista quit.
17OJ. SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and^up; purse, J33O.
:• j Po7j~ ~r~ Betting ~~~^
Index [Horse. Age, Weight. PstlSt. hi- %• Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PL
1717 |Torsina. a 961 7|5 lh 12 12 13 iRansch 4 6 6 J
1^37 HlRh Hoe. 6 1<M; 4 2 2 2 2 2 2 ».* 2 >i O'Connor ... 5 7 7 2
1673 lOoal Runner, 5. .101 83 51 42 3 2 32 Buchanan .. 8-5 11-5 11-5 4-5
3737 Vohicer. 4 100 21 32 3h 45 45 Mounce 6 12 12 4
1737 Mocorlto, 6 105 8 8 4h 55 r. 10 54 Henry 4 7-2 3 1
1727 Kdsardo. 4 103 5 7 fi V4 « »i 7 15 6H T. Burns.... 10 15 15 6
861 Lovlns Cup. 6. ...102 14 71 75 61 7 20 Dominick .. 5 9 S 3
.!*.. jMalalse, 5 ?6| 3 1 6 S 8 8 8 Weir 30 100 75 20
Time-3-16, :19; 7-16. :43*i; 6Hf. 1:224. Oood start. Won ridden out. Second and third
driving. Winner, O. Summers & Co.'s b. m. by Torso-Bertie W. Winner had flne racing
luck. Hiph Hoe Improved a pound or two ami liked the going. Buchanan took Goal Run
ner too far out of it, after belns cut off at start. Mocorito lame and away badly. I^ov
intr Cup not ready and is probably better on a dry track. Malaise will bear watching.
Scratched-St. Wood-.lfil. Amasa «S. Vantlne S3. Alee 9S.
1 7r.l\ THIRD RACE— 1^4 miles; hurdle: Consolation Handirap; 4-year-olds up; purse, $500.
I 1 r»o . ] j ! , Betting — >
Index ; Horse, Age. Welpht. Pst|i5t. Std. %. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1T10 Feriwijr, 6 130 2 2 2 20 1 8 1 10 1 20 |D. Henry.... i ¦ 15 15 i 4
1710 fnn't Dance, a. .1401 411 14 2 20 2 25 2 20 Hueston" .... 1 1 4-5 1-3
1745 Mestor, a 143 13 4 3 15 3 10 3 20 f3. Wilson... 7 10 - 10 5-2
(1735) jfhas. Ue Bel, 6..1SS 3 a 8 2 4 i 4 AIcHui?h ... 2 1S-5 7-2 1
172* [Aurlffera. 6. ¦¦¦¦¦.135 5 | 4 Fell' ... Sutherland j 8 8 5 1
Time— 3 :2S. Good start. Won easily. Second and third easily. Winner, A. Stamboul's b. «t.
fcy ArKyle-Peri. For a supposed "gold brick" Periwig is quite ft jumper. Can't Dance prob
ably dhl his best. Charles I* Bel received a ghastly ride. Scratched— William O'B 125.
lTf>:t. FOfRTH RACK— One mile and a half; fovir- year-olds and upward; purse. $430.
I |Po.| , ~BettInR~ ,
Index JHoree. Age. Weight. PstjSt. Std. H. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
1716 (Greenock. 4 110 5 5 2 2 lh 16 1 10 T. Burns.... 3-5 3-5 1-2 —
1713 1m. Bnrnln. 5 105 3 3 5 3 >i 2 6 2 10 O'Connor '.. 12' 20 20 S
1704 Rio Chlco, 5 Ill 2 4 lh 2238 36 Mounce S 10 ]0 11-5
17li> Tarda. 6 110 12 3h 44 4 20 4 30 Henry 5-2 8 3 11-20
1731 Don Luis. 6 112| 4 1 4 h 5 5 5 E. Jones 12 25 2S 4
Time— U. :2S»i; Ji. :50; *i. 1:17: mile. 1:45H: Him. 2:H»4: l^m. 2:4C»4. Good start. WorTeaTl
fly. Second a*"<1 third easily. Winner. .J. F. Schorr's br. h, by Bramble-Lillian Lindsay.
Oreenock was a big surprise. La Borsia supposed to be an "antl-muddlst." Chlco bawled
and went to his corner. Uarda.showed a blood-curdling burst of fneed. Scratched—Ar
tmalOo^
1TB4. FIFTH RACE— Six ami a half furlongs: selling; four-yeAr-olds and up; puree. $350.
Index Horse. Age, Weight] Pst'st. H. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys^, ' Op. in"' n ci" Ph
14S7 |E1 Mid". 5 100 7 6 5h 4 4 ... lh Dominick... -3 6 « i
1734 The linger. 4 103 8 5 4 hi 2 2 ... 2 8 T. Burns.... 5-2 7-2 5-2 11-10
1-.46 Xovia, « 101 ill 2 2 In ... 3 2 Buchanan fi H 11-2 »
1731 Osmond. 5 9S| 4 10 9 1 7 1 ... 4 1 Hangman ... 10 30 20 8
1G78 Salvado. 5 lOfil 3 18 6! 8 ... 5 4 Henry .;.... 10 15 13 4
1494 Clarando. 6 10n| 2 4 3 2 5 »i ... «1 Mounce..... 4 5 5 2
1123 March Seven. 4.. f»3] 9 i . 7 Vi 6 1 ... 7 7 Brodlen 30 150 100 40
1715 Necklace, a !>«! 10 2 1 n 3 h ..i S 5 J. Daly "4 6 6 •
1690 rarmenlon. 4 10t| 5 | 7 R 1 9 . ... 9 2 O'Connor ... 5 8 g 3
1701 IDevereux. 4 »5| 6 | 9 10 10 10- Ransch . 15 SO 25 8
Tlme-1-lfi. :07>i; 5-16. :44VJ: 9-18. :57>»: 6Hf. 1:244. Fair start. Won first Three driving.
Winner. Doble ft Campbell's b. g. by Imp-. Sir Modred-Ethel. Winner excellently piloted.
The Singer failed to reach high C. N'ovla none to game when collared. Osmond might
have won. even with the second rook up. Salvndo will do when the weather clears up.
Clarando ran a laughable race. Parmenlon only n Joke. Copper him.'
IT.%5. SIXTH RACE— Mile and a plxteenth; srlllng; four-year-olds and up: purse, $400.
' l p °- J " i • Betting- -L
Index jHorse. Age. Weight, j Pst St. U- Vz. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. | Op. HI. Cl. Pi.
1749 iWalkenfhaw, a ..U2J 12 23. 12 13 12 Bullman .... 6-5 8^5 3^ T*
11S9 iPreFtome. 4 1W 5 3 1H 21 2 4 2 5 O'Connor... % 12 12 i
1722 R. d Bandidos. a.lW 3 7 6 10 6 12 3 1 3 5 Mounce 7-2 7-2 11-5 7-10
146? Rio Shannon, 4. ..112 44 31 45 45 42 F. Kelly 60 200 200 50
1673 Socialist. 6 109! 6!5 42 3h 5 15 5 25 Dominick ... 5-2 13-5 11-5 4-5
676 Rufalha. a 107| 2 I 1 5 10 55 64 65 Hf-nry 20 40 30 10
1735 Jim McCleevy. 5.1121 7 ( 6 7 7 7 7 Hall 20 100 100 25
Time-l-R :Mtfj 5-16. :32: 7-16. :44%: 11-16. 1:11; mile, 1:45; 1 l-16m. 1:51^. OoooT~8tarr
Won easily. Second nnd third driving. Winner, A. O. Blakeley'n blk. h by Imp • Dochart-
Pearl Street. Bullman rode, the winner. Then again mud suits him. Socialist no mud
horse. Bandldos ran fairly well. Scratched— Lamachus 112.
DISCHARGED SOLDIERS
MAY CAUSE A KATE WAR
Representative of the 0. B. and N
Here to Secure Larg-er Share
of Business.
Th» <">rpgnn Railroad and Navigatioi
"¦nmnorv it /^ icca t !cfin^ at (Vfl cm.il
{¦mount of b;isinesf« it is getting In trans
porting discharged soldierF. Yesterday J.
II. O'Neil. traveling passenger agent of
the company, arrive! from Portland to
K nk into th<j matter. It is rumored that
he T«'ill make a strenuous protest against
the email percentage that his company
if- allowed. If the protest is of no avail,
Vie will start a vigorous war against the
Southern Pacific.
The method of attack will be to attempt
to Induce the soldiers by a low rate to
¦travel to Portland, Or., on the O. R. and
•N. steamers and thence East over th-!
Oregon Short Line.
On Sunday tliere wer*> 200 discharged
pr-ldi^rs landed from :h«> Warren and these
m^n are now at the Presidio. The O. It.
antf N. offloia!* have r-ngaged a. number
of Folicitors. who will -start an active t-an
\aFs to try and secure this travel unless
t-Omc- immediate steps are taken.
. -Officials on both tlie. Santa Fe and the
Scuthern Pacific- railroads laugh at the
Idea of a rate wgr. They claim that the
Southern Parific is In a posiUon to freeze
thf O. Rl afid N. Co'mpany completely out
of the business should the latter com
pany marfce the slightest step tuward the
cntir^* 0 .? rates.
A SCANT looking card and the driv
ing downpour of rain kept quite
a number of the regulars ev*n
away from Tanforan Park yester
day. It is needless to remark the
track was sloppy and that In consequence
there were a number of dumps. XJreenock,
at short odds, and Walkenshaw* were the
only favorites to win, tnough nearly all
of the successful horses were accorded
support, unless It was Periwig, which
beat out Can't Dance in the hurdle event.
The imported Esher filly Darlene, owned
by Dr. Rowell, to"ok the opening mile run
tor three-year-olds, eased almost to a
walk. Klorista went to the post favorite
over Darlene, but had enough when half
the route had been traveled. In a hard
drive, Thracia, ridden by O'Connor,
downed Kinstelle a nose for the place.
Tom Ryan's clipper rigged sprinter Goal
Runner was touted as tne genuine article
for the six and a half furlong scramble
following, closing favorite over a crowd
of fast ones. It is said Goal Runner likes
to be ridden from behind and Buchanan
certainly gave him ample opportunity to
demonstrate that fact. Cut off right after
the start, he took the gelding back, and
though doling up a deal of ground, was
just two positions shy at the wire. Tor
sina, with Mounc<? up and 6 to 1 in the
ring, won all the way, beating High Hoc
three lengths. Goal Runner bore out a'l
through the stretch. Loving Cup started,
but showed no speed.
Not long ago Periwig was unloaded on
an unsophisticated native by his former
owner because his wind was "touched"
and he wouldn't run over a quarter. The
pold brick was 15 to 1 In the betting on
the mile and three-quarter hurdle eve.it,
and practically neglected. Fencing bet
ter than a Telegraph Hill billy-goat, he
beat the 4 to 5 favorite. Can't Dance, over
twenty panels. JleFtor drifted into the
show.
Greenock had nothing to beat .for the
mile and a half purse, and. a 1 to 2 choice,
romped in first. La Borgia outstayed Rio
Chlco, taking second place Just as hand
ily. I'arda came in for steady backing,
but made no showing" whatever.
On his close third to Handicapper and
Montallade one day last week The Singer
looked cherry ripe to win the second h'x
and a half furlong: pp!h. Tommy Burns
had the mount and, although he did his
b«\«t, was collared the last few yards and
led out a head by El Mido. Dominick
piloted the winner, which was 6 to 1 in
the ring. Xovia finished a fair third.
Right in his element, Andy Blakelev's
mudhorse Walkenshaw made short work
of his field in the mile and a sixteenth
selling run, last on the menu. Assuming
the front position so-m after the start.
Bullman got the black fellow In twj
lengths before Presiome, a 12 to 1 sho:.
Mounce, on Rey del Bandldos, took the
slmw.
*
Track Notes.
J. Owens, the steeplechase rider, left
for the East on Sunday.
Walter Jennings released Owen Mounce
yesterday from the contract which gave
him first call on the lad's services until
May 1. Dissatisfaction on the part of the
Jockey and his guardian because Tommy
Burns was engaged to ride Canmore on
Saturday last precipitated the action.
Ed Gaylord, the Denver turfman and
lessee of Overland Park, left for home last
week, well satisfied with his trip to the
roast. The owners of aii the bisr Califor
nia harness horse stables promised Mr.
Gaylord they would participate in the
great June meeting to be held at the
Colorado metropolis. As the entrance fee
to all running- purges has been abolish*.!
there will be no dearth of. thoroughbred
material.
Martin Nathanson, secretary of Harlem
track, left Chicago for San Francisco laKt
nfcht. Harlem stake entries Close Feb
ruary is.
Only sixteen books were doine business
yesterday. Willie Applegate and Ed
Gaines found the game too swift and laid
off.
T- M^Hujjh jrave such A pleasing exhihi
tion on the back of Charles Iy*> Bel in the
hurdle event that the judges told that
rider to accept no more mount*.
The Tanforan association has offered to
pive another purse of $1000 If the ownern
of Canmore. Rolling Boer, Articulate and
Brutal will start their three-year-olds
again next -Saturday. Walter Jenningn has
signified hi? willingness to start Canmore
and Mr. I^opez, it -If paid, will send Ar
ticulate out again, but there l.« scarcely
a posolbilitv of the race being arranged.
Brutal, it I* claimed. Is no mud horse,
and th^re Is every likelihood of the truck
being heavy. Then again Rolling Boer
whs injured in the bumping match at the
post last Saturday, which will keep him
• Uiiet for ¦ time.
Following iire to-day's entries:
Kin=t race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up: purse:
1749 Jrx» R-ptey 112 Tame Irishman. 101
.:.. AVarin«t lrfl JM2 Modwena 107
1624 Orey Hob 10« 1«24 Santa Lucia. ...107
BY F 1 . E. 3VIXJ3L,X3:OI-.IL.J^3Sr3D.
Neglected in ,the Betting, Periwig Runs Away From Can't Dance in the Hurdle Event.
Torsina Outsprints Her Field— Greenock and Walkenshaw the Lucky Choices.
rHJt'AGO. I>b. 4.— Organization of the
W'esteni Jockey Club, destined to be the
niost powerful factor In the advancement
of turf affair?, was perfected at a meet
ir.p held in this city to-day. AH the mem
bers-^-LewTeoN A. Younp. Chicago; Judgre
O. G. Perkins, Cnvii.gton; R. Fitzgerald.
34. Nathanson, <"hicago; C. S. Bush, New
Orleans; Robert. Auil, St. lx>uls; S. R.
Montgomery, Memphis, and W. F.
SchuUe, Louisville, were present.
The object of the new body is explained
in a statement by Chairman Lawrence
Yonrsg of t.'hicapo. He s^ays the Western
Jockey Club .is formed on the same con
oral line? as jockey clubs in other coun
tries have been formed. It is purposed
to treat a'l turf interests fairly and jtiFt
ly. to build up and strengthen those inter
ests ill the same way. Eight of the
strongest racing associations of the West
tad have alnady tiubmitted to the
authority of the new body. All of them
made some sacrifices; all. or nearly all,
have had clashes, it being impossible this
jrar to give unobstructed dates to many
associations, that will pet them hereafter
If racing: be properly handled.
The officers are: Chairman. Lawrence
A. Young. Chicago; vice chairman, Robert
Attll, St. Louis; secretary, G. Harry Kuhl,
Chicago; treasurer, James Howard, Chi
cago. Stewards, to serve two years —
Ju<3jr<» George <3. Perkins. CovinKton: S.
It. Montgomery. Memphis; Richard Kltz
gerald. Chicago; Lawrence A. Young,
Chicago. To serve one year— Robert Aull,
St. Louis; Martin Nathanson, Chicago;
Charles S. Bush, New Orleans.
A C"nptltntloii and by-laws wpre adopt
ed. . Messrs. Naihahsmi. Howard and
Huh! wfrp jipiK'lniod a rnmmittp** to draft
racIr.E. rulrp and to prr«:?nt th«n for rati
fication at the i\r-xt r<?srular mrptlnp. The
h^adguartPt^ of the n>-w Jockey club will
be In Chicago. Rrcotatlona were adopted
that at its next meftinp, March 4, the
rv.ird of f-tewnrrts will conpldor and act
.upon applications for licenses and dates
for all tracks making application for th"
famf. . Lirf-npes for trainers «nd jockeys
ivlil .prcbaMy he considered at the same
time.
Eight of the Strongest Racing Bodies
of the West and South Have
Acknowledged Its Au
thority.
Promises to Be an Import
ant Factor in Turf
Affairs.
WESTERN JOCKEY
CLUB ORGANIZED
MUD CAUSES A REVIVAL OF UPSETS
IN THE RACING AT TANFORAN PARK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, lvvi.
4
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ifasieLvely cared &7 tHe*o
y JUttle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspewria.
fndigestlcn and Too Hearty Eating. A patw
feet rexnuty for Dizziness, Nausea, Dror.-sJ.
nes3, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongm
Pain In the Side. TORPID OVER. Th=7
Regulate ths Boweis. . Purely Veritable. -
Small P21U Small Dose*
\8ms!! Psfee-. L/
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
"Grmn-SolYent" dMaolTes Stricture Tike snrvw b»-
' B«mtb tbe sun. Tedures Enlarged Prostate an«
! itrensrthens the Seminal Ducts, slopping Drains aa4
emissions In Fifteen Days.
I No dnizs to rain tbe stomach, bot * dlrcc: local
i and positive application to the entire urethra! tracv
Gran-^olTent Is not a liquid. It Is prepared la
tbe form of Crayons or Pencil.s. smootb and flexiU*
»ad so narrow aa to pass tbe closest dtrlctur*.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
The St. James Astn.. Box 'S3*. Cincinnati. O., baa'
' Ire Illustrated Treatise upon tbe male LyL . I-
trstera. which Uw wUl aend to aaj F f\ rr L
Bule applicant. ! H*»l-* *
ct I* yips A^SX 250 ELM ST «.
31. JAJiC3 t A33fl M Cincinnati! Ohio.
EVERY WOMAN
_.,_^ is interested and should know
j«^g^^^v about the wonderful
4^^>^\\ MAS3VEI whirling
HflnftL spray
f»fl) c£i\ ';V,U f A The new Va?iaal Syrlaffe.
$\v'i\\'VSi V'-^KL. " : *1 Injection and Suction.
\V «2» v 2 §^'^» Ifcst— Safest— Mo«t Con-
W^C^ftk. venient. It Cleanses
X^gg^ 4 *®^-^ , Iastaatly.
Ask yoar tfraggfct for it. \f fV~>^ "^ _ — **"'
If »i- r»nnnt supply the N«S"V '"'>; ': - ¦ : >5
nARVEL. accrpt no /*T. • V* " ' >--^r>—
ether, but wo'l stamp for Illus- \\ Jg^H-/f''\y
trilsd book- »ea led. It gives fill X,\ f ''¦'¦',£
particulars »iv1 fUrwti^n* lnvi!uab!e *\' S la
toladi*- nAUVKI.ro.. W ¦.,¦,, &
COS Mission »t.. San Francisco.
OR.MEYERS&CO. J03%
Specialists. Disease j5p^" I
and weakness cf tE^ -td
men. Established T4&.
1SSL Consultation I»K jsSV
and private ' book v^St' 1 ! /JL
free, at oKlco or by Hn&V >335L a
mall. Cure3 jjuar- W *
anteed. Till Alar^ UW fflfilM
ket street (.elevator A^^VS**W'
entrance). San s sJt\ n «H8« th
Francisco. ' - J *isl5*$SSl*»1aE5fciS3v
visrr OR. JORDAN'S great »
i>MUSEUM OF AHATC§Y«
0 & i: :1 VA32Z? 2?. Ui. 3 A 5 RS. 5./.&L A
' . Or Th * L * r K < * t *a»tom;caJ Ma ;cum ia the \
1 ' ' ~- A'— World. »t.iat"«i or any c -n:r.\cr-u 4B
Z. jKflVU *»*¦• pr««i«-lT «»r«l hy tno Mm V.
9 /eLfcll 3 P = ' JaJisteatlltCo *«S' EstsSyair*. 0
M I yK^ 3 C^notmton frer and strictly private \
\ B m H S *¦"¦*'•• '^M'neveiy cat 3 undertaken. \
ell il • ;H -» i| tt3A«SE. MAILED *«5. !A*
(i [£. valuable bech for sirnj \
OttjJIOBDAM&^e.. BMAIar6atS5t.,e.r V
$10 J^RUPTURE CURED
-<^toy^^»>\Mf//. for TEH DOLLARS.
Thoiuwndi fca»e heen rarmt
fttthe^ov nhome* tnr this
>^^#;| s x -1:^/ rentionof the A Be. -«-ur-
>^2^S«ft »&^>jii>^ ltyand.-onfL.rt to tlie xvi-y-
~-- ~ rr *~v *"?* r ~~~mi tnrert. So wor:h!es*sal»M
S^ — •-"—^"^i tf-- ,'- -i orlotlon»toru'.>oa. ltd ••*
* \xf °=«^>» thu work. Investigate:
l «B«M»llfi5n. i>» citing full Information imiM, lintnedt-
itely on receipt ji-. «t.;inip and thU a«lvr. < '.ill "r :ui. lr.-v»
HAaiime trsss be. •-» "•'"' * tn9 ** sm raANcisss.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters \
"\ H A GREAT liESTOILATiVE. 1NV1GOUA-
¦ tor and Nervine.
. The most wbnderfut aphrodisiac and Spec'al
Tonic' for the Sexual Orsans. for both sex.-!^
Th« Mexican Remedy for Diseases of thekld-
neya and Gladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABEK. ALFS & liKUXE. A K en'C
Xa Market »t.. S. F.— (StnJ for Circulars.)
-OR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For th2 cure of GONOIUUlOEA CLEET3l
Trlf II a bottle. Vor lalt by druggist*.
Weekly Call^ljOO^erYe^
pU.SAilR&G|SANFRANeii(i;EAL:I)iiiDTER5. SANTA ROSA. Feb. 4.— Sheriff Frank- P.
Grace ' returned from . Ashland, . Oregon, to-day
with ,E. Kins Thompson. ' charged with having
broken into the safe in the office of the Pioneer
Laundry here !ast;week and made away with
$S0 belonging to a young lady employe. .Thomp
son-denies his guilt. « - .
< TACO1IA. Feb. 4.— L. A. Wins, manager ef
the Tacoma, Theater, was assaulted by two
men an he was going home to-night and twice
knocked down. He fought energetically and
called for assistance, | and so was not robbed.
He received slight injuries on the forehead and
wrist. - '¦¦:. ' • ¦ t *
. REDWOOD CITY. Feb. 4.— A petition was
presented to the Board : of Supervisors to-day
asking- the .repeal of " an ordinance passed by
them last October limiting the speed of trains
to ten miles' an -hour over all railroad cross
ings In Ssn Mateo County where gates are not
maintained.
VICTORIA. Feb. 4.— II. M. . S. Amphion,
which | arrived from England this afternoon,
reports- having passed a, ship's boat full of
"water oft the California coast.. There was no
sign of life on board.
• PORTLAND. Febi 4.— A : huge landslide In
Cow Creek Canyon, near West Fork, has block
aded the Southern Pacific trains on the Orepon
division and two passenger trains are now held
on each side of the obstruction.
SALEM, Or., Feb. i.— The Senatorial ballot
to-day was as folloTvs: Corbett. 23; Smith. 23;
McBrlde. 20; Hermann. 7; Fulton, 2; Moore,
2; Lowell, 1; abaent, 6.
COAST BREVITIES.
SEATTLE." Feb. 4.— Her health broken
by the hardships and trials attendant on a
trip out from Dawson during the. recent
terrible weather, Mrs. O. M. Grant be
came Insane on the trip of the steamship
Farallon from Skaguay to this city, and
had to be restrained of her liberty. She
Is now somewhat Improved and it Is be
lieved that with care and rest she will
soon recover possession of her senses.
Accompanied by her husband, she start
ed for the outside world from Dawson
over the Ice and snow. The trail has been
in bad condition lately, owing to tho blis
zards which have swept Alaska. All
along the Yukon the mercury has been
far below its general average. It was
while battling with such adverse condi
tions that Mrs. Grant was exposed, to
many hardships. She stood up under the
strain', heroically, but when aboard the
steamship and on her way to Seattle there
came a sudden colapse and she lost her
mind.
AWTUL HARDSHIPS
WRECK HER MIND
Joseph Muldowncy Is Shot and In
stantly Killed by Don
SEATTLE, Feb. 4.— A sensational mur
der took place at Rampart City, several
hundred miles below Dawson on the Yu
kon, during trie early part of December,
according to advices, brought to Seattle
thla afternoon by th« steamer Farallones.
The victim was Joseph Muldowney. a lo
cal officer of the North American Trans
portation and Trading Company, and the
slayer was Don Carrollton, one of the
most prominent men in the city.
Muldowney loved Carrollton's wife, and
to nil appearances his advances were not
discouraged. The love affair finally be
came known to the husband, who took the
law into his own hands and shot Mul
downey dead. Turning from the body of
his victim, the husband walked to the
Marshal's house and surrendered. He
was locked up.
The prominence of the people concerned
and the fact that Mrs. Carrollton was a
social favorite has made the tragedy one
of the greatest sensations ever known
along the lower Yukon River.
RAMPART CITY HUSBAND
MURDERS HIS RIVAL
The Jayhawkers were a large party who
started from Galesburg, 111., In 1843. .to
cross the plains. After lea\ing Salt Lake
they attempted a short cut and became
lost in Death Valley. For days they
struggled on. losing several members and
undergoing great hardships. To-day was
the anniversary of their escape from the
place.
Those present at the banquet were John
B. Colton. president of the association:
William Manley.and L. Dow Stephens of
this city. *
"When the association was organized in
1S72 there were thirty-six members: now
only eight survive. An elegant spread
was enjoyed by these old pioneers and
some friends. President Colton. who is
now a resident of .Kansas City. Mo., and
who made the trip especially for the ban
quet, left to-night for Los Angeles. Two
other members reside there, and another
reunion and dinner will be held.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 4.— But three pioneers
who crossed the plains together In 1S43
and suffered untold hardships in Death
Valley gathered at the annual reunion and
dinner of the Jayhawkers* Association to
day, which was held at the home of L.
Dow Stephens, on Market and Home
streets, in the Gardner district. For years
these reunions have been held, but deatn
has been playing havoc In the ranks, ana
besides the trio who responded to-day but
five mare live. The others were unable to
be present.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Jayhawkers' Association in
Annual Reunion at
San Jose.
DEATH VALLEY'S
SURVIVORS MEET
CHICO. Feb. 4.— Word has reached Chlco
of a fatal accident that accurred In Chico
Canyon Saturday evening. Robert Har
vev, aged 21, and a younger brother were
hunting and while crossing a ravine the
small boy fell. His weapon was dis
charged and the entire contents strucx
Robert In the face. The wounded boy lin
gered until to-day at 3:Co o'clock.
Accidental Shooting.
Hesent Disciplining of One of Their
Number *>t University of
Pacific.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 4.— The students of the
University of the Pacific, the leading
Methodist College on the Pacific Coast,
are aroused over the faculty debarring
John Bovard. one of the most popular stu
dents In the school, from holding any of
fices In the gift of the student body. "This
evening they held a meeting and ap
pointed a committee to see the faculty
and ask It to reconsider. Unless this bo
done a strike of students may result.
Bovanl. who was elected editor of the
college paper, the "Workaday World, is
the son of Dr. Bovard of San Francisco,
editor of the California Christian Advo
cate and a former trustee of the univer
sity. A week ago he and Henry McKul
llp, another student, pulled Frank Flem
mlng. a classmate, out of bed and dragged
him feet foremost through the hall and
up two flights of stairs. Bovard and Mc-
Kullip were asked to anologlze. hut Bo
vard refused to do so. President McClIsh
then deposed Bovard of the editorship of
the school journal and the captaincy of
the track team, to which he had just been
elected. Bovard then left school nnd went
to his home. The students declare this
action of the faculty unjust and they will
keep on electing him to honors wltnin
their gift.
STUDENTS THREATEN
TO GO ON A STUIKE
tion of the Str.te is receiving a blessing
from the skies. This has been character
ized as mixed weather, and it is certainly
a mixture that Southern California can
stand. To-day the fall in San Diego was
.30 of an inch, making 4.6S inches for the
season, as against 2.5b inches to the aam^
date last year. The fall is now within an
Inch of the average fall and there Is every
indication that that inch will be made up
by the time the present storm shall have
passed. The back country reports from
two to three times the fall that there has
been in the city. Rain is falling to-night
in light showers.
STOCKTON. Feb. 4.— Rain has been
falling heavily here, making about an
inch for the storm, which commenced
Sunday night. Though moisture was no*,
needed It will be of great benefit to. crops,
which are doing nicely. The downpour
had not ceased up to a late hour to-night.
LOS AXGEL.ES. Feb. 4.— Rain fell at
intervals during the entire day, .25 of nn
inch being recorded up to 5 p. m., making
9.6fi inches for the season.
COLUSA, Feb. 4.— Rain began falling
here early this morning and at 3 o'clock
this afternoon a heavy downpour oc
curred, accompanied by peals of thunder.
The season's total is 9.75 inches.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 4.— The showers that
feU through the day were supplemented
to-night .by a heavy downpour, the pre
cipitation for the twenty-four hours end
ing at midnight being 1.46; for the season,
13.71.
KINGS CITY. F"eb. 4.— This section is
now petting one of the finest rains of the
season. It commenced with showers last
night at 9 o'clock. At 7 this morning the
precipitation measured .26 of an Inch. It
has continued at intervals throughout to
day and at 4 o'clock .20 more had fallen,
making the total for the storm .46 of an
Inch. A large crop in the Salinas Valley
is now assured.
NAPA. Feb. 4.— Rain began falling this
afternoon and ' predictions are favorable
for a continuance.
PETALUMA. Feb. 4.-Rain is falling
steadily. No damage has been done.
OAKLAND. Feb. 4.— The rainfall for the
season up to 1 o'clock this afternoon was
14.55 Inches, as compared with 17.90 inches'
for 1900 at the same date. Since 10 o'clock
.a heavy rain, has been falling, with no
sign of immediate abatement. ,
Showers Continue in Southern Cali
fornia and the San Joaquin
Valley.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 4.-"More rain and
still raining" is the way the southern por-
KAINFAIiL IS GENERAL
THROUGHOUT THE STATE
Mr. and Mrs. Houghton were taken to
thpjr home at Soquel. There Is little
chance for Mr. Houghton's recovery and
his wife's condition is serious.
Mrs. Houghton. despite her injuries,
walked half a mile to the cookhouse and
notified the men, who went back after
Mr. Houghton and did all they could tJ
relieve him.
When within five feet of the second
blast the awful explosion occurred • and
the stump was blown In all directions.
Mrs. Houghton was thrown forty feet
down a bank and her arm was broken in
four places. She found her husband in a
precarious condition. A large redwood
silver two and a half inches In length
had lodged In his nead and had pene
trated the skull to the brain so that whvn
it was withdrawn the brain oozed from
the wound.
Mr. and Mrs. Houghton heard the sig
nal and, understanding 1 that a blast was
being touched off, they stopped. Xbay
waited, heard an explosion and then pro
ceeded on their way, not knowing a sec
ond blast had been placed.
Mr. and Mrs. Houghton left their home
at Soquel on Saturday morning to hunt
wild pigeons near Olivia Springs, up tho
Soquel Canyon. In that vicinity the
Loma Prieta. Lumber Company Is to havo
a new mill and a Brans cf men is building
a road leading to the site. Along this rourt
Mr. and Mrs. Hougmon were walking
The men had just Bet two charges of
giant pov.'der In stump-* to remove them
lrom the road. They liad given the signal
by hallooing and then ran over the hill to
get awaj\
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. I.— Herbert Hough
ton is near to death and his wife's life la
despaired of as the result of the explo
sion of a blast set bv road builders near
Soquel on Saturday. The two unfortu
nates, who were 'walking down the road
upon which blasting was in progress, were
almost over the charero of giant powder
when It was discharged.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Blast Set by Road-Builders Explodes
When th.3 Two Unfortu
nates Are Almost
: \ Upon It.
Sequel Man Will ; Die and
His Wife's Life Is De
spaired Of. i§-
WALK ON GIANT
POWDER CHARGE
SAN RAFAEL, Feb. 4.— Captain J. Wil
son, the first captain to command, the
North Pacific Coast ferry steamer Sau
calito. suffered a paralytic stroke yester
day and has been taken 'to St. 3 Luke's
Hospital for treatment. ,H!s house, la in
Sausalito. • ' * . • ' ..¦--,..„'
Captain Wilson '111.
TRUCKEE. Feb. 4.— Since the brutal
murder of his squaw last week by tho In
dian iKhan. and the subsequent suicide of
the murderer, tho citizens of Truckee have
undertaken trie driving out of the gang
that supplies whisky to the Indians. To
day about twenty men suspected of hav
ing been engaged in the traffic were noti
fied by a committee of citizens that ; they
must leave town .within -twenty-four
hours. Tar and feathers were given as
the alternative. Nearly all. of those no
tified have already, departed. The'.*'old
CUl," by" which name; the vigilantes "were
long' known here, aro said to be at the
head of the reform movement. * .
Are Ordered to Leave the
. - : Town.
TRUCKEE VIGILANTES
START REFORM MOVE
Men Who Supply Liquor to Indians
Clergymen's Homes Looted.
TACOMA. Feb. 4.— Burglars yesterday
raided the houses- of- four clergymen," ob
taining about' $100 in cash and several gold
watches. '. Three other-, residences -were
entered, but it Is not known what amount
of booty was taken. ., Last Sunday pre
sumably the same gang made a similar
raid on houses of residents who were at
tending ..memorial services. No arrests
have been made or any plunder recovered.
'• » ¦¦
Dies on a Train;
DUNSMUIR. Feb.- 4.— When the north- <
bound overland Oregon express No." 16 had
passed -Delta- this -morning -Gustavo:; T.
Rhode, who occupied a lower berth • in ''¦ a
tourist car, was found dying. He expired*
shortly afterward. •, His body was taken
off at Dunsmulr by the company's phy/I
clan and was returned, to * Redding, to
night. Rhode had been in* Halleck, ,¦ San
Bernardino County, and 'was on hlslway
to Tacoma. .
- v - '. - ¦ * ¦ ¦ '
.iOYYMPJA.-'Wash.. Feb. 4.-A bill making
eight hours. ;a day's 'work In mines, smelters
And reduction -works passed 'the House to-day.
Property and Franchises Given as Se
curity for Two and a Quarter
Millions.
REDWOOD CITY. Feb. 4.— A mortgage
for $2,250,000 has. been filed for record in
tho Recorder's office- of San M. teo County,
by which thfi Sunset Telephone and Tele
graph Company mortgages all of Its fran
chises, wires and plants to the Old Col
ony Trust Company o.f Massachusetts.
The document bears 12250 In revenue
stamps upon It.
Babo Inherits a Fortune.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 4.-George W. Pendle
ton. a 2-year-old tot of this city, is the
heir to $90,000. To-day Mrs. S. E. Pendle
ton. his mother, filed a petition in the Su
perior Court asking for letters of guard
ianship of the child and estate. The estate
comes through the death of his father. L.
R.Pendleton, who- died on March 7, 1SW.
The property consists of coin, securities
and bonds in the State of Ohio, and was
held in trust for his father, being thus
provided by the child's grandmother. The
petition will be heard before Judge Hy
land next Friday. * ¦ . .
BIG MORTGAGE FILED BY
4 THE SUNSET COMPANY
at Centralia.
SEATTLE. Feb. 4.— A fight took place
at Centralia, Wash., yesterday, between
members of the Good Government League
and the saloon men. After the first clash
of arms, reinforcements arrived for each
party and it looked as if a general rough
*nd-'tumble fight would end the engage
ment. An armistice was finally agreed
upon and the opposing forces withdrew.
The row was the outcome of reform
agitation. For some time the saloon cle
ment and the people who would lik«; to
see the town free from the evil of Sunday
liquor traffic have been at sword polntp.
Yesterday the smoldering fire was fnned
to a blaze by the action of the reform
ers. As they designated it. they were
out Investigating. To assist them In their
labors they took with them a long step
ladder. Arriving at one saloon where
they suspected something wrong was go
ing on. they pjanted the ladder against
the front of the building with the inten
tion of getting a peep throuph the tran
som.
The r.olse on the outside awakened those
on the inside to the fact that danger
was near. A scout was sent out from a
back door to find out what was going on.
He reported. This made the bartender
mad, and he sallied forth with, blood in
his eye and his fists doubled up.
Just as the first investigator was about
to climb the ladder he felt' something
moving. Down went ladder, reformer
and all. The bartender was surrounded,
but he started in to fight the whole crowd.
This was unexpected and caused conster
nation in the ranks.
In the meantime saloon men and re
formers came rushing to the scene. The
two forces were- ready to clash, but wis
dom prevailed and the fight was declared
a draw. . _ •
Good Government League Investiga
tion Precipitates a Lively Row
reform: forces and
SALOON MEN BATTLE
. VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 4.— Two
steamers purchased by the. Canadian Pa
cific Railway;- Company at Singapore en
tered the Hongkong drydocks to-day ito
be overhauled preparatory to coming to
British Columbia. .They will arrive here
in> April and;Will at once be 1 put on: the
run. to Skaguay from this city. The vessels
were'purchased at a total cost of about a
half-million dollars and are now being ex
pensively 7 refitted. They .are 300, foot
boats, with an average speed of eighteen
miles an hour and accommodations for 250
saloon • passengers, i ..The ; vessels r will be>
elegantly furnished and , when completed
will be fitted as finely as any on the north
ern run. * Each Bhio has' a. carrying .ca
pacity, of 750 ; tons.
Steamers for Skaguay Lins.
FALLS DEAJ> SUDDENLY
WHILE PRAISING QUEEN
Aged Angeleno Stricken Just as He
Concludes a Eulogy of Britain's
Late Ruler..
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 4.— As Henry
Ivens, seated on a box In a grocery store,
on North Main street, this afternoon,.con
cluded a conversation about the, Queen's
memorial services with the words. "It
was a Jltting tribute to Her Majesty," he
placed his hand upon his heart, exclaimed
"Oh!" as if in pain,' and fell dea(k He was
an Englishman by birth and was S3 years
of age. He had been in the furniture
business. .
Although so old, Ivens was hale and
hearty and nothing presaged his sudden
death. ' lie had left home against the
wishes of his wife, who thought thatiitwas
too wet and mudfly outside for -her aged
husband. His desire to speak about the
dead Queen to his friend Waddlngton was
too wet and muddy outside for her aged
home. Fifteen minutes later he .was a
corpse, his death being attributed to heart
disease.
PASSES COUNTERFEIT;
COIN IN PETALUMA
Angefb Nicolesi Escapes From, Ar
resting Officer and Is Captured
by a Merchant.
PETALUMA, Feb. -1.— Angelo Nicole.?!
of Santa Rosa was arrested here yester
day for passing ' counterfeit money. lie
visited a half dozen saloons, at each
place exchanging a bad dollar for a drink
and small change. When arrested Nico
lesi tried to get away and succeeded in
wrenching himself loose from the ar
resting officer. After running a couple of
blocks he was captured by If. M. Russell
a .shoe merchant. Seven counterfeit dol
lars were found in one o' Nicolesi's pock
ets. He claimed that he found the money
in a bundle of clothing that he picked uo
on a street In Santa Rosa and that he did
not know thnt. the money was counterfeit
The prisoner was taken to San Francisco
this morning to be given in charge of th*
Federal authorities. The money passed by
Nlcolesl was a fine imitation of genuine
coin. The milling- and lettering wer«
splendidly executed. The. coin was a lit
tle lighter than a legal dollar.
Much bad money has been floated tn
this county of late and Ihe officers believe
that they have a cl?w which will result
in the breaking up of a gang of operators.
An effort wa? made to get Xlcolesi to
make a confession.
Sick Soldiers Convalescing.
RAN DIEGO. Feb. 4.— The convalescent
soldiers from the Philippines who were
wnt to the Government barracks here at
the time of the departure of Battery D
for China have Fhown BUch marked Im
provement that they are to be sent north
and another detachment of convalescents
•rill be rent down from San Francisco.
The good results of the climate cannot
!ail to be noticed by the War Department
tnd it Is the current opinion at the bar
racks that a greater number of conva
*^c*>nts! from the Philippines will be sent
:o San Diego hereafter.
Reward for Capture of Thugs.
REDWOOD CITY. Feb. 4.— Metamora
Pribe, Improved Order of Red Men, has
:ffered a reward of flM for the arrest and
ronvictlon of the persons who robbed and
w Faulted Joseph Debenodetti on January
5 last. A fimilar reward haft been offered
>y .Sheriff Mansfifld and to-day the Coun
y Supervisors added 5200 to the fund.
rrWids of Debenedetti are expected to in
irrp.se the reward.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 4.— Postofflces es
tablished — California: Lomalinda, San
Bernardino County, Milton K. Eskcy,
Postmaster.
PoMofSee discontinued — February 28.
Washington Mascn, Mason County, mall
U, Mattlcck.
Postmaster appointed— Oregon: A. D.
Pettyjohn. Crerton. Marion County, vice
C. E. Tyler, resigned.
Pennons issued to-day— California: Orig
inal—Ah Kay, Vallcjo, $7 60. Increase—
Bryan Sullivan, Soldiers' Home, Los An-
Et-l'-s. $*. Reissue and increase — Newell
T. St< vens. Corona. *S. Original, widows —
Margaret Hoj^an. Sacra mpnto. $S.
Wnshington— Renewal— William Gorsage,
Mount Vernon; JX. Renewal and Increase
— Hcsea Finch. Tacoma. J14. Increase —
Willinm R. Skelton. Bossburg, $S.
Army orders— A board of medical offl
rers consisting cf lieutenant Colonel Ben
laroin F. Pop*. lieutenant Colonel Alfred
C. Girarrt. Major Rohert J. Gibson and
Captain William H. Wilson will meet at
:fce Presidio. San Francisco. February 11.
for th«» examination of candidates for ad
mission to the medical corps.
Postofiices Established, Pensions
Issued and Army Orders.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
pightf-en-yrar-old AValla Walla plrl. has
been Hsddealjr stricken dumb. It Is doubt
ful if she v.ill ever talk .-.cain. George
Dagup. a farmer, overtook h«>r while driv
ing toward Walla Walla. Noticing that
?he was makine fra:uic efTarts to speak
he picked hrr up ar.d conveyed her to a
hoFpital in Walla W;>lla. There she was
unable to cither talk or make known her
identity by writing.
Doctors are jryirss: to determine whether
her vocal chords have been paralyzed.
By ?'.«ns the giri sbova that she is great
ly discomfited by hor inability to talk.
Alma Steinberg of Walla Walla Sud
denly Bereft cf the Power
of Spsech.
TACOMA. Fob. 4.— Alma Steinberg, an
IIGHTEEN-YEAE-OLD
GIHL STRICKEN" DUMB
False Creek water fnent was obtained in
options* to-day by ofneers of the Great
Northern Railway at tne Western Can
adian terminal site of that line. The land
f onsists of COO acres of tidefiats and more
;!ian K09JDM is lnvoived in the deal. Fif
teen property owner* have agreed to sell,
the options expiring In three months.
Part of the plan is to build a canal
from Vancouver harbor to the newly aq
rjuired lands ;o admit of vessels of twen
ty-feet draught -docking at the rail ends.
The canal would be loss than half a mile
in length and with probable aid from the
civic corporation the cost of construction
would 1>«- comparatively small. The ac
quiring of the new site is the completion
of the scheme of the Great Northern fo»
r terminus on the Canadian side of the
lir.^. to alternate with Seattle. The Great
Northern recently bousht the charter for
the CnaM-Kootenay Railway and •will
«~omplote the liiis 10 Vancouver from
Spokane through Canadian territory with
in thr- nrxt eighteen months.
GEEAT KOBTHEEN BUYS I
CANADIAN TEBMINAL !
Acquirts Tideland* and Will Con
struct a Canal for Deep Sea
Vessels.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Feb. 1-Three-
Qtoartera of a mile ol foreshore along the
One thousand feet from where they
commenced their meteor-like ride they
came up with a kerchug that they will
remember the remainder of their lives.
From a. mass of bodies, legs and arms,
three men slowly uncoiled themselves and
while rubbing their bruised limbs com
menced looking for the fourth member "if
the party. He was finally found covered
with earth, but. strange to say. was
hauled out badly bruised, but able 10
limp home.
SEATTLE, Feb. 4.— News has been.re
ceived at the local office of the White Pas*
and Yukon Route that a big avalancne
swept down the side of Munroe Mountain
in the Atlin Mining District recently. S'x
men were caught in its path, but by luck
two escaped, while the other four were
carried down to what seemed certain
death.
• Special Dispatch to The Call.
Four Men Have an Exciting
Experience in Atlin
District.
LIVELY RIDE ON
AN AVALANCHE
Christensen was .fireman on the engine
standing on the turntable and was caught
between the engine and tender. He was
rescued only after several hours' work by
the wreckers. His injuries probably will
prove fatal. As a result .of the wreck all
trains are delayed several hours.
TRUCKEE, Feb. 4.— At Blue Canyon
this afternoon three engines were wreefked
and Fireman Christensen received injuries
from which he may die. Freight Xo. 217
ran in on an open switch and crashed
into an extra engine standing on the turn
table. There were two engines on 217 and
both were ditched, as was the engine on
the turntable. About 1U0 feet of sheds
was wrecked, besides a number of cars
on the freight train.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fireman Receives Probably
Fatal Injuries at Blue
Canyon.
FREIGHT CRASHES
INTO AN ENGINE
II. Lee Clotworthy supplied the sensa
tion of the day. He testified that several
days before the shooting Warburton had
said to him that he would "do up" Matt
Reilly because Reilly had taken his broth
er "Jack" away from him- ' ?
Reilly then repeated his request and
stepped forward toward Warbarton, wno
Instantly drew a pistol and fired, killing
him. Warburton then backed out of the
door and disappeared in the darkness.'
Shannon testified that at the time Rell'.y
and Keogh entered the saloon Warburton
was telling him that he would kill Matt
Reilly. When asked by Attorney Lennon
why he had testified at the Coroner's in
quest that It was "Jack" Reilly that War
burton was talking about, he said he dl-.l
not understand the question.
The first witness placed upon the stand
was "William Shannon, In whose resort the
shooting occurred. He testified that 'War
burton was in the saloon when Matt
Reilly, accompanied by Thomas Keogh,
entered. Reilly and his companion did not
speak to Warburton until they had sev
eral drinks, when Reilly stepped toward
AVarburton and said:
"I want to Bpeak to you for a minute.'"
Warburton responded:
"Go away from me. I don't want any
thing to do with you."
SAX RAFAEL, Feb. 4.— The preliminary
hearing of W. F. Warburton, charged
with the murder of Matthew Reilly in thl«
city some weeks ago, was commenced be
fore Justice Rodden this afternoon. Only
two witnesses have thus far been exam
ined and it is expected that the hearing
will occupy several days. The defendant
ia represented by Attorneys Lennon and
Hawkins and District Attorney Mclsaac
is assisted by Attorney Cochrane.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Witnesses Testify Against
Matthew Reilly's
blayer.
RECALL THREATS
BY WARBURTON
circulated against the Police Department
in this city.
The names of these witnesses are neces
sarily withheld as their publication nat
urally might Interfere with the complete
freedom and effectiveness of the commit
tee. It is promised, however, that some
of the most prominent officials in the city
will be asked to take the witness stanil
and that enough d! police methods will
be exploited to justify the sensational ac
cusations which have been made.
tion the solution of which may throw
light on the objects of the investigation.
Four members of the committee are law
yers, and they are convinced that the law
sustains them in the position- that the
committee has the legal right to demand
of every witness an answer to all reason
able questions. Not satisfied with their
own opinion upon this point the lawyer
members of the committee sought other
fc-™«^HE legislative inquiry into the af-
I fairs of the local Police Depart
| men* will begin this afternoon in
Jt the courtroom of Superior Judge
Lawlor ,in the Hall of Justice.
"U"hile the investigation promises to be
general in character, particular attention
will be given to the charges that the de
partment is corrupt in its relations with
Chinese gamblers and other coolie offend
ers against the lav,". .
The legislative committee of investiga
tion, of ¦which Assemblyman J. R. Know
land is chairman and Assemblymen Laird,
Wright, Webber and Schillig are mem
bers, met last night at the Grand Hotel
and outlined the policy which will be ob
served during the inquiry. The commit
tee has satisfied itself that it has an ab
solute legal right to summon witnesses
and examine them freely upon any ques-
ASSEMBLTMAN JOSEPH R. KXOW
LAND, CHAIRMAN OF THE
"LEXOW" COMMITTEE.
they serf there. The officers are of the
opinion that success will ultimately fail
to the rebels, with whom, they say, the
majority of the people of Panama are In
sympathy.
. According to the officers women were
l«--av!r.«r the town every night with baskets
f f>>od on their ht-ads for the rebel*.
Trencfctl were seen all along the embank
jTi«>ris with the Government troops lying
la ihcm with no uniforms, nothing: bui
their n"es and bandoliers proclaiming
them i" \>f soldiers. On the railway
bridge by access was gained to
Panama was a battery behind a barri
• ;¦•!•• . where a seven-pounder Krupp gun
v.a* mnur.trd and an American. Rose by
nam^. was in charge of this pun. He was
working at Panama, and. being proficient
:i cunnery. was employed by the Gov
• rnment troops. The Amphion'* officers
ray h? has no sentiment regarding the
fiprlr.ing- whatever.- belriR there solely be
i auw he lf= paid for being there— a soldier
of fortune.
Tankee Soldier of Fortune Assists ia
the Defense of the
City.
VICTORIA. B. C. Keb. 4.— His Majesty f s
Fhip Amphion, which arrived to-day from
England, spent ten days at Panama on
h<>r way to Esquimau and her officers
wen{ ashore and walked through the
trenches of the Government troops. They
Faid an attack on Panama was expected
every night, but none was made. There
was nothing but a few skirmishes while
AMERICAN IN CHABGE
OF GTJNT AT PANAMA
GAMBLER SLAYS
AN UNARMED FOE
Pat Gay Shoots Marcus
McNamara at Crescent
City.
Commits Wanton Slurder Because
Ho Is Barred From a Game
of Cards in a
Saloon.
In the forenoon Gay had been barred
from a came of cards and told that he
v.-as not wantPi'. In the house. In the aft
erroon Gay returned to the saloon and
insisted that he be allowed to remain, as
the house was public McN'amara again
tcld him that he was not wanted In the
buiMlng- and Gay left. He went borne and
Eaufiied his horse, •which he left standing
in ihe barn. II© then returned to the sa
loon, and after staying a short time
Fterp*»d out to the sidewalk, where ho
amused himself by shooting at a dog.
McNamara rushed out and ordered the.
prmbler to stop and Gay replied by
shootinj* the unarmed mar. through the
Vody. The bullet entered below the heart
an<i death followed soon afterward.
The murderer escaped to his home, and
without bidding good-by to his family
mounted his horse and left town. The
Sheriff and a posse were soon In pursuit,
hut tfid not overtake him. It afterward
developed that Gay left the road after
riding a mile and returned to his home.
This morning, s-hortly before 5 o'clock, he
surrendered to Deputy Sheriff L. "W. Mu
eick.
<~RKSCEXT CITT, Feb. 4— A fatal
r.^ray took place last evening In front of
the American Hot?', in which Marcus
McKamara. proprietor of the American
bar. was shot and killed by 1»at Gay, a
gambler.
fl^clal Dispatch to The C&U.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1901.
legal advice and ¦were confirmed In their
own opinion. . • ,
The committee will insist, therefore,
that every witness summoned must an
swer the questions asked of him or suffer
the penalty of going- before the bar of
the Assembly for punishment. More than
this, the committee will refuse permis
sion to lawyers to attend the Investiga
tion either to coach and guard witnesses
or. to ask questions. The investigators
insist upon what they consider to be their
privilege to conduct the examination
themselves, asking questions and defin
ing the limits of their Inquiry.
Any one will be permitted to frame
queries and present them in writing to
be passed upon by the committee. These
precautions have bet:n, taken to prevent
delay in the progress of the inquiry and
to shut out attorneys who might, with
tactics of obstruction, destroy the objects
of the Investigation. In order that there
may be no suggestion of collusion the
Sheriff has detailed two of his deputies to
act as bailiffs and to serve subpenas.
By request Superior Judge- Lawlor has
given his courtroom lor the investigation.
A stenographer from Sacramento will be
the official reporter. The' committee hopes
to close the inquiry this -week and will
not hold night sessions unless they are
found to be absolutely necessary.
. At the executive session of the commit
tee laat night the names of several wit
nesses were presented and an outline of
their testimony was given. Members of
the committee profess to believe that this
testimony if given upon the witness stand,
will be of a most serious nature and will
go far toward supporting the allegations
which have been publicly and privately
Legislative Inquisitors Will Insist Upon Answers to Their Questions or Summon Offenders
Before the Bar of the Assembly for Punishment for Contempt.
ASSEMBLY COMMITTEE READY TO PROBE
THE CHARGES OF POLICE CORRUPTION
5
AVOBD THE GRIP
I by f ortif j'.Dg the system by a generous. I
atlmniative (Oet. In your sonps and sauces I
. nee a little of the well-known . 1
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
' of Beef , nnd take a cap of beef tea Tp*A*
from It, when cold or tired. ,
Get the genuine j9 '
and only efficacious, ¦*£^*mT^T * — ffti*<tl
eignedfnblae: jT^
Taken In time thousands of lives vrlll bo saved in this present epidemic.
Every family should take the precaution to secure a supply of Peruna at
once, for the retail and wholesale stock of the remedy may be exhausted by
the enormous demand for It. . r,'. v ,"
It la wisdom to have Peruna In the house even before the grip attacks
the household. ,
It has been ascertained by a reporter > that the follo-wlne people of na-
tional reputation have given public endorsement and testimonials to Peruna
as a remedy for la grippe:
Congressman Howard, of Alabama, says: "I have taken Peruna for the
grip and recommend It as an excellent remedy to all fellow-sufferers." •
Congressman White, of North Carolina, says: "I find Peruna to be an
excellent remedy for the grip. I have used it in my family and they all Join
me In recommending It."
JIIss Frances M. Anderson, of "Washington, D.C., daughter of Judge An-
derson, of Virginia, says: "I was taken very 111. with the grip. I took Peruna
. and was able to leave my bed In a week."
Mrs. Ilarrictte A. S. Marsh. President of the "Woman's Benevolent Asso-
ciation, of Chicago, writes: "I suffered with grip seven weeks. Nothing
helped rr.e. Tried Peruna and within three week3 I was fully restored? Shall
never be without It again." „
' At the appearance of the first symptoms of grip people should stay In-
doors and take Peruna in small doses (teaspoonful every hour) until the
symptoms disappear. /This will prevent a long, disastrous sickness and per-
haps fatal results.
Hundreds of car loads of Fcruna
are shipped In all directions to meet
the extraordinary demand of the
Slip epidemic.
Everybody laying In a stock of this
valuable remedy la time to meet the
terrible enemy, the Grip.
The extensive facilities of the man-
ufacturers taxed to their utmost to
meet the urgent demand for Pe-
runa.
Almost everybody has the grip. Al-
most everybody must have Peruna.
Taken at the appearance of the
first symptoms of the grip, not only
is Peruna a prompt cure for the grip
but it prevents those disastrous
after effects so characteristic of this
dread disease.
Peruna not only cures tho grip but
nrpvpnta It
Bacillus of Grip.
¦GRIP BAGILLUS EVcRYWHERE— IN IHE AIR WE BREATHE,
IN THE WATER WE DRINK, IN THE FOOD WE EAT.
To Cure the Grip in Two Days
l*i£t;\< Broroo-Qu!nlne removes the cause.*
EPIDEMIC OF GRIP
WORST EVER KNOWN
A TOUGH CUSTOMER
a man must be that we can't suit la fine
laundry work. "We have yet to find him.
and would like to see what he looks like.
Connoisseurs srlve us the palm for the ex-
quisite color and finish that -we lay on
their linen and claim that our work ia
unsurpassed In beauty and In economy
of your garments. Bring in your shirts,
collars and cuffs and sample for yourself.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone— South, 420,
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ava
AH- Wool Business
SllltS, made ta erder,
$15.50, $17.50,
S20.00
-
The Best
Suit on Garth,
$25, $30, $35
Would Cost Elsewhere Twice the Amount.
PERFECT FIT AND BEST WORKMAX-
SHIP GUARANTEED.
joe poheimThe tailor
201 and 203 [ 1110 nnd 1112
Montgomery St.. I Market Street.
. >V SAN FRANCISCO.
143 S. Spring St., Los Angele*.
WHEN TOtT ARE TIRED OF BEIXO
humbUKed ar.d s»pendin« tarjs sums of
money with phy»icl»na who give no relief, you
will At laat. If you desire a cure, be obliged to
aae the VITAL. RESTORATIVE treatment,
which Is the only certain cure for w-akeatnf
iralna, lost power and physical decay.
Call or write for book of kpecU! ajv'.ct: a!s»
FREE TRIAL. BOTTL.E. and b» ccnYlncsd. Ad-
dress DR. COOPER & CO.. 318 Kearay _st.._S.F.
PILES
Any one knows and, knows when cured. XT*
bave offered a, reward of £3 for 4 year. her»
tn Lo!i Aug?les to any one with Piles who could
not be cured with X- Box of Verus Pile Cur-.
ar.d not one person has claimed the reward.
We now offer and will pay any one (Uffsrlnic
with Plies ISO who cannot be cured with Veres
File Cure. Our record shows over 10.000 cured.
Write (or information. Perhaps we have your
neighbor's testimonial. Price $3. postpaid.
VERDS PILE CURE CO., Room 226, Wilson Btt
Or ELLTXGTON DRUG CO.. Wholesali* and
Retail Druggists. Agts., Fourth and
Spring Sta.. Los Angeles. CaU
Eh BKt3f A vSufWfc i3 Bmf tt^ Bui
lif I Eb si b nl
¦
Magnified 16,000 times.
ADVERTISEMENTS.News reports from the State capital are lacking
wretchedly in the announcement of one incident
which most observers have been expecting with con
fidence. There is absolutely nothing yet* to indicate
that Colonel Mazuma has arrived on the scene.
Oklahoma' v.ants to be a State. Some df its citi
zens, tempered more by discretion than fired by\mbi
tion, might strive first to make their abiding place a
respectable Territory. ; ..'1 •
One of the Colombian revolutionary leaders is on
his way to New York to purchase; arms' and ammuni.
tion for the rebel forces. There is some satisfaction
a* least in the fact that we can derive a little substan
tial benefit from the quarrels of our annoying'south
ern friends..
By a decision of college authorities Yale students
will be able hereaftei* to graduate in three years in
stead oHour. This should not, however, be taken as
an announcement that the football course is to be cur
tailed; its material will simply be. drawn more fre
quently from the studdnt body.
The State Legislature docs not "appear to be over
joyed at the suggestion that it investigate alleged
corruption of our local police. Perhaps' the Legisla
ture wants to adjourn before next summer." - --
lie tras dazed.
One of the trustees cf the Utah Agricultural College
has seven 'wives and' thirty-nine children. He prbb
nbly feds that his position demands of. him that he
personally provide student farmers for the institution.
Admiral Dewey admits that as a boy at Annapolis
he had the interesting experience of being hazed. He
has not told us, however, how he felt as an old man
when, after his declaration of a Presidential ambition,
- Three measures designed t6 prevent a repetition of
the outrages perpetrated upon San Francisco and the
State by the Board of Health with its plague scare
liave been introduced in the Legislature. Ope of the
bills has a distinctive advantage over the others in
that it makes the offender guilty of a felony. A fear
of the* penitentiary has a tendency to make officials
discreet.
A Customer (In the complete depart
ment store)— I notice so many couples
taking the elevator for tho thirteenth
floor. Why are—
The Ribbon Clerk— They are taking; ad
vantage of the special offer In the matri
monial department. Rev. Mr. Splicer Li
performing ceremonies to-day at half
price.— Brooklyn Life. •
'"Alas!" sighed the woman. "We aro
no longer bound together by those golden
chains""
"No. we're strapped together now!" ob
served (he man, doggedly.— Detroit Jour
nal. ¦
Poverty had knocked at the door and
love was struggling with the window
latch.
"Beautiful," replied tho damsel.
"Ah, you are wise already," commented
Fate, as she tied up a package of cos
metics.— Baltimore American.
"Would you rather be wla© or Ixautl
ful?" asked Fate of tho Coy Toun*
Maiden.
Weary Watklns— I ve kr.owed you senco
the early eighties, but I never seen no
animation about you yet. — Indianapolis
Press.
Hungry HIsgins— Wot do you think? A
woman called me a animated scarecrow
this morninV. -.-^
Mrs. Jason— What Is that you ax» tryin*
to sing, fer the land's sake?
Mr. Jason— "Tho Lighthouse by tha
Sea."
Mrs. Jason— Well. If you expect ma to
git the washin" ever done, you'd better
b«> thinkin' of the woodhouse by tho saw.
— Indianapolis Press.
"It was my fault." answered ITamla.
"I thoughtlessly got to talking about tha
beautiful summer haz© by tho river. I
f ergot he was a West Point cadet."—
Washington Star.
"Why did that youngr man leav» go
suddenly?' asked Maude.
A CELA2TCE TO kmtt.-h,
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— Arrivals: Ral
eigh—W. H. Maloney, W. A. Maloneyx
National— R. Lincoln: St. James— F. W.
Ely. J. C. Leopold. All are from Saa
Francisco. -; / .
CAIiEFOBNTANS HI WASHHTOTOli
NOTICE TO CORRESPONDENTS— This
department will always cheerfully answer
questions that are submitted If . the an
swer is obtainable. So many questions
are;sent to this department that it Is Im
possible to publish the answer* the day
after the questions, are received. .The rule
is -that-all answers. are turned In as. fast
as . DOSS i b i« and * hey are Jointed in the
order of filing. Correspondents who sien
"A' Constant Reader" or "An Old Sub
scriber,'.' as though it were something to
be ashamed of to ask for information and
then add,' "I desire an answer In the'n^rt
issue of The. Call" or "It is importan*
that this should be answered at once " ara
informed that.answers will appear as raD
idly as ability, to procure the sam« and
space .tn the - paper will permit. Those
who are anxious for an immediate an
swer should., wHIl their request; inclose a
self-addressed ana stamped envelope. The
names of correspondents and correct ad
dresses are often of assistance to this
department, as it enables the one in
charge to communicate with the corre
spondent in case the letter of inquiry is
not sufficiently clear, as Is often the* case
The names of • correspondents are nevei
published. ¦->¦
in this city and county during the rtaditkm of
any programme on th* stage or • platform of
such theater, but every hat. bonnet or other
head covering shall be removed ' from the hea<>
of the person wearing thtf fame daring the
time cf performance In such theater cr durinj
the rendition of the performance on the stage
or platform of such theater; provided, that the
above inhibition shall not be held to include
skull caps, lace coverings or other small or
closely fittins tiead dress vrhich does not In
terfere with or obstruct the view of the stajte
or Dlatform of sucii theater of persons In the
rear of such wearers while in such theater.
ALAMEDA COUNTY— M. J. For In
formation as to the number of new build
ings erected In Alameda County durins
the year 1900.' application should be made
to the Assessor of that county, either in
person or by letter.
THE GAME OFEUCHRE-E., City. If
Aand.C are playing partners in a game
of euchre against B and D, B has the
right to order- A up though he may not
hu.ve a trump in Ills hand. If B deals, C,
D and ' A pass and B - turns ¦ down the
trump, C has the right to make the trump
next, though he has not a trump, in his
hand. ¦ . .
THE PRESIDENCY— A. S., City. There
is nothing In the constitution of the
United States to prevent a man who twice
has held the office of President from being
a candidate for a' third ; term. George
Washington did not make any rule set
ting forth that ."twice. In 'the Presidential
chair Is enough for any man," but he de
clined a nomination for a third term.
WHO WPvOTE IT?— A subscriber to The
Call wishes to know who wrote the verses
from which -the following extract, is
taken: . ' •/ • . . . . - '
Poor, rich neighbor
. Over 'the way.
Xothlnc to do
¦ But whine ail day.
THE HAT 'ORDINANCE-N.- N. , City.
The San • Francisco ordinance relative to
not wearing hats in theaters is as fol
lows:r yjgjjfofijg . . .
• No - Derson - shall . wear : any - hat. • bonnet 1 ot
other head covering within any licensed theater
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
' Editor Cali: In your editorial, entitled
"Bishop Potter's View," printed in The
Call of January 29, you make a grave and
startling statement It is that "the treaty
clause permitting Christian missionaries
to operate outside the treaty ports and to
enter and own compounds in the Interior
(of China) was forged," and' you further
assert that this forgery in the treaty of
1S60 was perpetrated by "a Christian mis
sionary-"
Now with the main coniention of that
editorial the writer hereof has little fault
to find. Your criticism of looting soldiers,
whether German, French or American, is
entirely right, and is no doubt timely.
But the assertions and assumptions run
ning through that editorial to the effect
that the present awful conditions in China
are in any large sense chargeable to the
acts of Christian missionaries are unwar
ranted by any facts that have come un
der tho writer's notice. If the editorial
means to assert that so-called Christian
nations are to blame for the patriotic up
rising in China, which unhappily and un
wisely culminated in the "Boxer" out
rages, the future historian will no doubt
fully indorse your view. But if it is in
tended to assert tnat Christian missiona
ries as a. class are to blame evidence Is
entirely wanting that will confirm your
position.
It' may be freely granted that the suc
cess of Christian missions In that ancient
land has astonished and finally alarmed
the followers of Confucius, and that more
or less of persecution always arises when
Christianity first begins powerfully to in-
fiuence the public mind In any pa^an
country. And it is perfectly clear to any
careful student of the facts that it was
the young Emperor's conversion to West
ern ideas and his perhaps ill-timed move
to introduce- Western educational idea's
and methods. Into the Imperial schools
that caused the reactionary usurpations
of the Empress Dowager. And of course
inasmuch as the Christian missionaries
are largely, if not mainly, to be credited,
with thejntroduction of modern scientific
education in the empire of China. It is en
tirely natural that they should in the
Boxer thought be chargeable with all this
movement that. In their deluded minds,
portends such dire results to their father
land. Hence the effort to exterminate the
missionaries and • their converts, along
with all other "foreign devils." The
Cbri3tian missionaries, I suppose, would
in this sens© he entirely -willing to be
charged with being the cause of the pres
ent troubles in China. It is the usual re
sult of the first triumphs of the Gospel of
Christ In any land hitherto under the
sway of other religious ideas. But this 13
far from indorsing "forgery, vengeance*
and slaughter," whether in China in tho
year 1901, or In any other land and age.
The case -Is so important, and your as
sertion is so serious, Mr. Editor, that I
trust you will in your next Issue either
withdraw the accusation that "a Chri3
tlon missionary" committed forgery in
connection with the treaty of 1SG0, or else
give your readers the name of this "Chris
tian" forger,- together with all. the facts
and authorities in the case.
Trusting to your sense of fair play, I
am" respectfully- yours,
W. 3. MATTHEW.
Berkeley, Cal., February 2. IDOL
"CHRISTI AN FORGERY."
Otto G. JCever. manager of tha Hotel
Paso de los Robles. la at tha Palace.
Colonel John T. Harrington ot Colusa Is
at the Palace.
Godfrey HolterhofC Jr.. formerly -with
the Santa Fe Railroad, arrived la tha city
yesterday. He has been appointed Secre
tary of the Valley road, to succeed Alex
ander Mackie.
Harry Frodaham. formerly city ticket
agent of the Chicagro-Xorthwestern. has
resigned to so In tho oil business. Hla
position has been filled by Walter H,
CUne. formerly ticket agent of the Cana
dian Pacific.
PERSONAL MENTION.
IT is announced as certain that the President of the
United States will deliver a commencement ad
dress at Berkeley in May. This will make it the
red letter commencement in the history of the insti
tution.
Seen in all its significance there can be no more in
spiring incident than the presence of the President
His lot in life was cast in common with that of a vast
majority of his countrymen. Born into that happiest
of all conditions, the need of personal exertion to
achieve his career, throughout his youth he helped
maintain the frontier home of his parents, minded duti
fully all the obligations of son and brother, wrought
patiently with his hands and was a helper in all the
humble enterprises and simple ways that were needful
in that good Western life of a half century ago.
Emerging from toilful youth, strengthened anil
equipped with self-denial and independence, he pre
pared for the profession of law, and went forward from
that to honorable public preferment, carrying with
him always the stout heart, ingrained integrity and
personal independence that were the endowment of
his early experiences. As member of Congress, Gov
ernor of his State and President, he has offered to
his young countrymen a worthy example to be fol
lowed with honor.
As he stands before the twenty- five hundred stu
dents at Berkeley every young man may see in him
and his history the impressive possibilities which are
open to them all. Every mother will see what she
most devoutly wishes her son to become, not in the
elevated station only, but in the character which has
earned that station by deserving it.
In this honorable matter, so rich in benefits to the
student body and through it to the State, California
has certain duties which cannot be neglected with
credit. When President McKinley stands on thit
campus he should not be the guest of a pinched and
starving university. Faculty and students should no:
feel like a charity school, tattered and groveling for
a pittance of cash or cringingly grateful for notice in.
its forlorn and disinherited condition. • The univer
sity should'that day rear high its crest as the chief
pride of the State, jeweled with the public confidence.
haying in its treasury the power, that commands the
best teaching. talent .to be had, and able to assert its
claim that none excel it in an equipment to do the
best work in training the best minds that can come to
its halls.
In default, of. the right to be in that attitude there
will be sonic' shame in showing our commercial great
ness, the variety of our resources, the accumulated re
sults of our great wealfli'and the alluring promise of
our future. : The sun that shines on mountains and
plains, bathing . orchard and vineyard in its kindly
warmth, will be clouded to the dear eye of a states
man who knows the power of knowledge and theiduty
of the State to create arid; conserve; that power!
.;, The Legislature is .very properly concerting 1 official
SUPPORT THE UNIVERSITY.
AN evidence that along with the materialism of
the age there has been a steadfast development
of "genuine humanity, is. to be found in the
rapidity with which sanitariums for consumptives are
being established since first the alafm over the spread
of the disease led to the closing of many health resorts
against them. It is now quite clear that consumptives
will not find the healthier regions of the world bar~ed
against them. Ample sanitariums will soon take the
places of the hotels, and in all probability the new
order of things will be better than that of the old.
It appears that the first sanitarium of the kind wa3
established in Austria and achieved a notable success.
Germany, noting the good accomplished- by the Aus
trian experiments, established similar sanitariums
within . her borders. Massachusetts followed the
European example and New York was quick to profit
by the lesson. A little later a sanitarium was estab
lished near Philadelphia, and now the Legislature of
Minnesota has under consideration a bill setting apart
a tract of land for a sanitarium and appropriating
$150,000 for the buildings and $50,000 annually for
operating expenses.*
The Minnesota measure is being strongly advocated
by the Chamber of Commerce and otlfer influential
organizations. It has been stated by the advocates
of the bill that in Minnesota more than twice as many
people die from consumption than from any other
disease. It is believed furthermore that with proper
care the disease is by' no means incurable, and that
therefore the proposed sanitarium will be one of th?
most beneficial institutions of the State.
It is in the highest degree gratifying to note the
progress of a great movement of this kind for the
good of afflicted humanity. It is a proof that in the
eager pursuit of wealth our people have not. become
indifferent to the best impulses of the heartland in
many of our commonwealths at any rate are willing to
share the expense of helping back to health those
upon whom disease has fallen.
SANITARIUMS FOR CONSUMPTIVES.
Last but not least, let us keep our
worthy universities out of politics and
confine their examinations to their own
students, which is legitimate, and causes
no dissatisfaction.
A. VAX DER NAIL-LEX JR.,
Licensed State Surveyor. Deputy TJ. S.
M. S. and Ex. TJ. S. Deputy Gov. Surv.
San Francisco, February 2, 130L
County Surveyors of their respectivo
counties for twenty years and' over, to
submit to an examination before a board
of university professors? Would the pro
fessors be qualified to tell such surveyors
whether they shall continue their profes
sion or not? It would seem to me like a
grand farce if such should ever coma to
an issue,- because we know that any of
the above surveyors knows more about
the surveying In their respective counties
than all the official professors of the State
put together.
A bill similar to the one seeking- recog
nition has been Ignored, and voted down
by three preceding Legislatures. The act
relating to the licensing of land 'survey
ors, approved March 31. 1S91. and now in
force, is perfectly satisfactory to the
great majority of surveyors in California
and no State in the Union can show sud
a competent corps of surveyors as we
have here in California. : •
This new bill would also create an ex
pense to the State for salaries, whereas
now there is none.
EDITOR CALL: Knowing that you ai^
at all times ready to devote space in your
valuable columns for the benefit of jus
tice, I have taken the liberty of sending
you the following letter for publication:
Assemblyman Schillig has (by request)
introduced Assembly bill No. 462, which.
If it became a law, would disqualify every
licensed surveyor In the State, no matter
how many years he had been practicing
his prof easion, . and would compel him to
submit to a re-examination before a board
of examiners appointed by the Governor
and composed only of professors of civil
engineering of our State university. We
have been personally acquainted with
some of these professors and know them
to be thoroughly well-learned gentlemen
and mathematicians of great merit, but
who have had little experience in actual
surveying. Therefore may I ask. Are
these gentlemen qualified to examine a
surveyor who has for many years been
practicing his profession and been duly
licensed as a land surveyor by the State
authorities? May I ask. Would it be Just
and would it be a credit to our State uni
versity to compel such men as W. F. Peck
of Yuba Countv, A. H. Coulter of Cala
veras County, O. II. Buckman of Napa
County. S. J. Harris of Maripo*a County.
C. S. Tilton of .San Francisco County and
many other veterans, who have been
Such is the relation of the railroad to politics. The
people know it and the attention of President Hays
is directed to it. It is useless to bind the hands of the
subordinate officials so long as Herrin is left free.
If President Hays be in earnest in his resolve to take
the railroad out of politics he should at once notify
Mr. Herrin to attend strictly to the law business of
the company or leave the office.'
It is not worth while to go over the whole of the
long and shameful record of Herrin's political deals
since he became head of th; Southern Pacific law
department. Suffice it to say that ever 'since he has
been in that office he has been better known to the
people of California as a political boss and wire
puller than as a lawyer. In fact, railroad politics ap
pears to have been his business and law his pretense,
and in many instances his affiliation with the worst
elements of politics has been so open as to consti
tute a public scandal
The Southern Pacific Company will never be out of
California politics so long as Herrin, or any other
person who may be appointed to the headship of the
law department, retains the power to use the patron
age and the influence of the road in political affairs.
Herrin has been, in fact, the head center of the cor
rupting forces of the Southern Pacific Company.
The congratulations, however, must not be carried
too far. This is one of the matters in which nothing
czn be accounted done so long as anything remains
undone. It will profit the State and the railroad little
to deprive subordinate officials of authority to grant
passes on account of politics, or to restrain them
from carrying out political deals, so long as the law
department of the company continues to have and
to make use of those privileges.
L| POX good authority it has been given out that
J President Hays oi the Southern Pacific has'
taken preliminary steps toward withdrawing
the company from California politics. It is stated he
has notified officials of the road in various sections cf
the State that hereafter they will not be authorized to
grant passes to any ore on account of politics, and,
furthermore, it is asserted he has announced that
whatever political deals may have been . arranged
msst be declared off.
The authority upon which the reports are given is
sufficiently good to assure the public of their accur
acy. The information has come to The Call from a
thoroughly reliable source. So far, then, President
Ha%*s has done well, and the people of California may
congratulate one another that at last something his
been done toward relieving the State from an evil of
great corrupting power, and the railroad from a prac
tice which has aroused against it the indignation cf
the pccple £nd seriously interfered with its legitimate
business as a transportation company.
THE RAILROAD flND POLITICS.
SURVEYORS AND THE LAW.
The Call Invites letters from the people on matters of current Interest, holding
Itself, however, in no wise responsible for views expressed therein. Communications
Intended for this column should not exceed four hundred words.
So satisfactory does the law appear to the East that
it is said bills providing for a similar system ofpri
' rr»ary elections have been introduced in the Leglshi-
I tures of no less than fourteen States. Of course the
measure would not in its entirety be practicable or
expedient in California, but none the less a law thac
has proven itself so excellent after a practical test in
a large city should' not be ignored by the legislators
of any State who are seeking to devise a satisfactory
?system of conducting primary elections.
Of the working of the law at the first test it is
stated the election was a quiet one, and the votes* were
rapidly polled. At the close of the day it was found
that 32,000 citizens had registered and voted, or io
per cent more than the entire vote cav by Minneapo
lis in the last State election. It is added that within
twenty-four hours the newspapers had collected and
published the returns, and the public knew who had
been nominated without a single convention" having
been held.
Minnesota has a personal registration law. Under the
Day act tho voters of Minneapolis are afforded an op
portunity of taking; part In an official primary on the
first of tho three days of registration and'on the first
day only. The polls are open from 6 o'clock in the
morning until 9 o'clock in the evening-, and the primary
is conducted by the ordinary registration officers. When
the citizen has qualified himself for registry he has' an
option of taking part in the primary. If he so desires
he is given two slips of paper, one containing the
aspirants for Republican nomination and the ether for
Democntfic nomination. He marks the candidates of
his choice, folds the papers into one packet and returns
J.hem to the officers, who deposit them in the ballot
*>ox. At the close of the polls the packets are opened
and the ballots that are marked are counted, provided
that, where a voter has marked two ballots, that only
Is counted that has the greater number of marks. A
person who desires to get his name on a primary ticket
must secure a petition signed by names of voters to
the number of at least 5 per cent of the number of
votes cast In his party for the same position for which
he desires »to run at the last election, which petition is
presented to the County Auditor, together with a fee of
$10 to defray partly the expense of the ballots. The law
defines what a political party is, compels such parties
to nominate by the general primary instead of political
primaries, and makes provision for independent nom
inations by nomination papers. -
I From the reports that come to us it appears the law
worked so well in every respect that it will be worth
while for the California Legislature to give attention
to it in devising a primary. law for this State. The
plan and operation of the law are thus described by
the Philadelphia Public. Ledger in recommending the
adoption of something. like it in Pennsylvania:
/CONSIDERABLE attention is being given in
\^ th e East to a primary law whose working was
tested at the last election in Minneapolis and, ?t
is said, gave well nigh universal satisfaction. The law
was devised by' Assemblyman: Day of the Minnesota
Legislature. When -the bill, was under consideration
the Legislature refused to'' adopt it for the State at
large, andlimited its application to counties having
a . populartfSn - of over 200,000, which was tantamount
to confining it to Minneapolis.
flN EASTERN PRIMARY LAW.
TUESDAY FEBRUARY 5. W
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Ltinu in Cesccriatlnu t» W. B. LZAEE, Kutgtr.
N(\tnnR> OFFICE. ..... ..TtlfpljQBf Prfiin 3<V4
i'lULXCATlOX OFFICE...M«rket and Third. S. B\
Telephone Pros 201.
CDlTOPUi BOOHS 217 to 2S1 Stevfmon St.
Telephone Pren ZO2.
Delivered »*r C«rrter«. 15 Cent* Per Week."
Stniri* Copies. 5 Cent:
T#-T-m« »>T Mall. Inrlndlnc POBtajref
Z>JkIZ>T CALIi ttcclaetng Sunday), cm year.... ...~ ....*. iff *»
DAILY CALT. CBclc&r.ir Esaday), « months 1.00
IMIT.T CALL fteetaaiB* Bandar). I mcatie l.M
DAILY CALL— By EJngie ilontfc... ............................ CSe
SWDAT CALU On. Tear ~...........— 1-M
XT£££LT CAU* Ob* Tear l.»
All postmaster* are authorized to reeelr*
¦ab*cr!ptlona.
F«ttt.1» ccr'.t* will be forwarded rrhta rectxeeUd.
MaU suljeci n*i* Jn cvdrrir.g ohanjr* of adgr»»« «1mkiM >•
tarCcu'.ar to c!v« bcth NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In erfer
to szim a preset aa& ccrrcct ectnclitaca with their reoueat.
OAEtAXD OFFICE 11X3 Uroodrrar
C GEORGE KROGTCSS.
Ktriftr fertlra Atartisizg, Kir;tttt« Brildirg, Clings,
CLorx Instance Telephone "Central SfiX">
Ifirw TORK CORRESPONDENT:
ft C. CARLTO.V Herald Square
XTW TORK HEFEZSENTATTVTBt <
tTEPEILV IS. SMITH. SO Trlbnae Dnlldlne
XIT57 TOSK NTTWS STANDS:
tvaifierf-Aiter!*. Sctel; A. Brestasot Q Vzloa Bcn&r*:
aesxrur Eia Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
E^ersaa Ecus: P. O. Xewa Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
rreracct House; AJi&toriazi HoteL
WASHUCCTOW CD. C> OFFICE. . ..I4Ofl G Sfc, it. TV.
* 2ZOHTOS E. CHA.M:. Correspondent.
OHAKCIT OFFICES— £27 Mootsonierr. eer»»r of Clay. ep*«
cst3 t:iS o'clock. tOO Hayr», opes cstll t:Z0 o'clock. C33
V^A'::«t»r. cpu instil »:»8 o'clock. CU Lerlcls, open oatll
t.:s o'clock, ISft Mlsslca. cptn cntn W o'clock. 861 Market,
eorcer Sixteenth, ©pea cstU $ o'clock. 1C3S Valencia, cp«a
trtfl S o'clock. Ifi« Eleventh. cp«a natll 9 o'clock. NW. ccr
f- TwertT-wcord «nd Krntcrtcr. open rat!! 9 o'clock.
Justin McCarthy may be mistaken In his
, assertion that the accession of Albert Ed
ward to the throno will orinj no benefit
to Ireland. It was currently reported in
1SSZ that the Prince of Wales was in favor
of the passage of the home rule bill for
Ireland, the introduction of which In that
year split the Liberal party and sent- men
like Joseph Chamberlain and the Duke of
Devonshire over to tha Tory coalition, in
which they have remained ever since. Thr«
1 Prince was said all alons to havs leaned
toward the Liberals oa most of their
measures of policy. There is some reason
to believe that this represents h!3 actual
attitude. The evolution of democracy in
the British islands ha3 occurred during
the lifetime of Albert Edward. He was on
terms of personal intimacy with many of
the leaders in the democratic movement -
Gladstone. Morley, Brtsht. Russell and rha
rest. In theory, of coursa the British
monarch of these days has no politics.
The "speeches from tn* throne" are writ
ten by the Premier of toe day, whoever he
chances to be. and their bias Is toward th«
Tories or the Liberals, according to which
party Is in power. A monarch who is per
sonally popular, however, as Victoria was
and as Edward VII is likely to be. can.
without infringing on .the prerogative of
the ministry of the 3ay. use an infiuence
with the ministers -which -will, accordics 1
to hi3 attitude toward it, accelerate or
retard any measure which 13 brought be
fore Parliament. The British sovereign,
notwithstanding the theory that the ma
jority of the House of Commons, with its
committee, the ministry, are the govern
ing powers, 19 very far from belnj 4
cipher.— St. Louis Glob«» Democrat.
Kin? Edward 13 criticized for addressta??
his reply to the President's message to
the White House instead of the Executive
Mansion. The latter 'erm la th* official
designation of the President's residenca
and it is pointed oat as ping-ular that this
was not known to the Enjcllsh monarch,
who i3 said to be a stickler for ceremonial
exactitude and to be exceedingly well in
formed on the finer points of international
courtesy. However, the message reached,
the addressee and there can be no doubt
that it would have grot to the President
oven if the house in which he lives hai
been omitted entirely from tho address.—
Pittsburg Telegraph.
Royalty and Business.
The late Queen Victoria spent compara
tively little of her time in London ar.d just
now there is much speculation whether
the new Kins will reside at Buckingham
Palace or in the country. A. matter of this
sort may appear of no: much Importance
in the United States, but in Europe it is
different. The court sets the fashion and
the mode of orocedure in many ways.
"When the head of th» nation resides in a
certain city tha nobility and others who
pay court to Kings, Queens and Emperors
are generally drawn thither. Social life
is quickened in accordance with Ions es
tablished precedents and affairs peneralJv
in the metropolis are colored and influ
enced by the court.— Baltimore American-
Hope for Ireland.
Olive Schrelner-Cronwrlght and her hus
band are practically neld prisoners In their
home in Cape Colony, South Africa, by
the British. She is the author of two nov
els—"The Story of an African Farm" and
"Private Trooser Haiket" — that are very
superior works — works that should civ*
her enduring fame. Edouard Rod, th»
French critic, pronounces the latter wor<
among: the very foremost productions of
English literature during the nineteentn
century. And he does not value it one
bit too high. May the lady in her cap
tivity produce and give to the world work?
of equal worthT^-Diserst News.
President's H*sidence.
Secretary Root has found the array com
pletely under the ascendency not of tho
President, who i3 it3 constitutional com
mander-in-chief, nor even of t.ie com
mander general of the army, who "reijrna
but does not rule": nor of the Secretary
of "War himself, who la the President'*
immediate representative in departmental
affairs. The balance of power is held and
wielded by a set of mer** subordinate of
ficers, who, from loner service In their re
spective staff departments, have becoma
bureaucrats In every sense of the word.—
Springfield Republican.
Olive Schreiner's Captivity.
And now the iconoclasts have set out to
prove that Marcus Whitman did not »av<»
Oregon. They all«"ffe that his famous rids
across the mountains was not undertaken
with thi3 in view and did not either de
signedly or accidentally accomplish th-s
result. Before long the Ieonoclast3 will
be out to prove that Lincoln never told
stories and that CJrover Cleveland was <*
weak, nerveless and supine Individual.—
Sioux City Tribune.
Bureaucrats in War Office.
Edward, Bex, Imperator.
Am King of Great Britain and Atnoeror
of India Edward VII j.lyr.3 himself E. IV
I. One more letter woviUi take In Krin-—
Sprtngfleld Republican.
The Busy Iconoclast.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Power and pomp, glory and ambition, pass and are
not, but character endures among the world's forces,
after empires, kingdoms, principalities and powers are
forgotten.
That ancient custom was derived from human na
ture, and we have just seen the whole world repeat,
in the case of this princely woman the solemn judg
ment that passed upon the -Egyptian rulers, from
Menes to Psammetichus. She survives herself in her
character. She was Queen over tens of millions, and
she was Empress over hundreds of millions, but she
paid to v.ll the world a higher duty than she owed to
the nations she ruled. From her exalted station could
have gone out immoral influences so sinister and se
ductive as to have made the world of her time another
Sodom. But hers was a white throne, and as a moral
woman of vestal character her influence had no
bounds. It was stronger than her armies and navies,
reached farther than her empire and made her the
sharer of the joys of every home where virtue anci
right living brought happiness. It was because she
shared Tightness of life and g,ood motives with good
women in every station of life, and not because she
sat upon a throne and did no more, that for one day
from sunrise to sunset the whole world ceased its
pleasures and its gain-getting and laid a chaplet on her
coffin.
Among that ancient people this custom was the
means of making a good character to be prized above
riches and honors and power. The king could lord
it while he lived, for he was king. But, dead, he was
a man only and had nothing to leave to posterity but
his character.
alike was subjected. Monarchs were spared during
their lives lest the state should suffer by accusing
them, or pointing out their sins and faults, their vices
and their follies. But when a king died he was no
more a king— he was a man, like other men, and had
no exemption from the judgment which raised his
memory to everlasting honor or condemned it to ever
lasting execration.
To this process the memory of king and peasant
This widespread ascription and this community of
solemn and respectful feeling did not originate in any
awe of royalty, or of distinguished descent, or in po
litical reasons. People with the most deeply seated
republican principles, and others at the other extreme
of the long catalogue of governmental forms, the de
vout supporters of autocracy, mingled in memorial
1 ceremonies and made theirs the grief of her own fam
ily and her own people. Never before in the history
cf man was such a scene. Never before did respect
for the great dead of one country pass oceans and
seas and national boundaries and the limits set upon
the dwelling-place of races and follow the sun around
the world. The Egyptians were severely just to their
dead. It was the ambition of the dying to leave a
good name, but that consolation was never given to
the undeserving. If the public voice condemned the
deeds of any person done in life, then the established
law reached beyond the grave and gave a sting to
death. When an Egyptian died the judges of the dead
embarked in a boat for the farther side of a lake on
whose shores they sat in judgment. Before them ap
peared the accuser, and if he proved that the dead had
led a bad life honorable sepulture was denied.
What occurred here was manifested at the same
hour all over the world. In the British Isles and in
thp crown colonies* of the dead woman's vast empire
there was no more fervor and profound feeling than
were shown in tUe United States and throughout the
world.
e TRIBUTE TO CHARACTER.
THE world-wide respect shown to the memory of
Victoria is the emphasis" of the first month of the
new century. In this city there was a demon
stration that 'was novel and creditable, when thou
sands of quiet people, of all divisions of the social or
der, joined in the memorial service offered in her
honor. Perhaps not one among them all had ever
seen her, and not many of them had ever seen the
land where she was born. But all paid a most sincere
and heartfelt tribute to her, and all were the better for
that impressive and public expression, which had in it
no element of personal display nor vainglory.
The acceptance by President ' McKinley is the, act
of a statesman. His great position may be utilized for
the good of his countrymen in no better way than in
the encouragement of teaming and letters.
The coming of the President and his appearance'at
commencement does not in any way increase the
university needs nor create a new duty. But it- serves
to usefully emphasize the duty of the State.
It was a stroke of genius on the part of President
Wheeler to secure the presence of the President of
the United States; now let the Legislature move for
ward to its duty in order that the greatest good may
come to the. State.
means "of welcoming the President, to heigHten the
pleasure of his stay, and to impress Kim with" the po
tentialities of our people and of the land where their
lot is cast. Let us remind them that air the means
they provide and all that private lavishqesa may add
thereto will be in vain unless we are able to boast a
State university that i 3 not treated like a stepchild, a
poor relation or a pleader for alms.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1901.
One of the Jqurnals of the Lake City Pokes Fun at
Citizens of the Missouri Metropolis/
CHICAGO "WATER MICROBE PARTY;
NEW FAD IN ST. LOUIS SOCIETY.
EXCITEMENT runs hlffh In St. L.cuis ft pays the Chicago Tribune, now that
the United States Supreme Court has decided to give that town a chanca
to prove all the horrible things it has been saying about the Chicago
drainage canal. The water question has invaded all classes of society.
One of the most popular society diversions- is a charming game called "water.
•water; what's in the water?" The guests are all equipped with a microscope
and four drops of river water, and the person who finds the biggest microbe
menagerie wins the prize.
The things that the St. Louis people see in the water that comes down
from Chicago are, Indeed, strange and weird. The other night at a St. Louis
reception one young woman discovered a microbe party in the drop of water
she examined. .„ An entire microbe family were caught at home, giving a recep
tion for all their friends and neighbors. Mrs. Microbe seemed to be assisted
in entertaining by Mrs. "William Bacillus, while Miss Gwendolyn* Germ, played
several beautiful airs on the piano. The scene was photographed by flash
light, and copies painted in colors are now in great demand In every home
-In St. Louis.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE
6
Cal. glace fruit Kta per Ib at Townaend's.*
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace Hotel.*
AaiUSFWEWTS.
.A-Icsitr — "Jufiah."
Columbia — "A MidF-jmmer Xlglit'a. Dream."
Tlvoli— ">.>n G wynne."
Central— "A Daughter of the MiUSca."
California— "Tees cJ the d 1 Urbervilles."
Orrfctun — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "SUeui O'Erlen."
Aliarsfcra.— "The Sorrows of Satin."
O!nnsJa, corner Mascn anj Eddy streets— Specialties.
Ch-jtes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every aiteraooa and
evedr-sr.
F: f cfcer ' r — VaaS evil i e.
SletrcpoMtan Tearl*— Ilenschel Recital, this evenlrs.
MetrepcliULB Terr.pl*— Sterecnticca Views WrfEtsday n!ght.
Metropolitan Temple — Lecture by Ber. Teter C. Yorke,
"'"'"*fT tveninsr. February 7.
Tar;foran Park — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Win. G. Layr.sr — Z.lzniB.y. February IX. Hirses and
Slules. at 7T1 Howard etreet.
The man who tacks vcp signa at fire sales
Is frequently called upon to nail another
lie.
Sr. Sanf ord's Liver Invigorates.
The beat liver medicine. A vesetabls ewe tor
liver Ills, biliousness, tadif eatloo.' coastlpstlaiL*
Special: information supplied daily, to
business houses and public men - by th<>
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 4lont«
gomery St. Telephone Main 1042. \TO SAIL.
United . States Coast and - Geodetic : Survey—
. . Tiroes ." and ' Heights ' of - High . and ¦ Low
Waten at - : : Fort ~ Point, • ' entrance- ¦ to ~ Ban
• . Francisco Bay. Published ¦ by official : »u
. -thorny of the Superintendent. .
. NOTE— The high and low water* occur at tl»
clty front (MlEsion-strcet wharf) aboutrtwenty
.' - '*•"• " ' • ».
Suni Moon : and , Tide.
The will of Mrs. Adelheid Sutro. who
died on' the" 23th of January ,\ was filed for
probate yesterday by her son, Alfred Su
tro, who is named as executor. -The .value
of; the ¦ estate is not given In the petition
for letters testamentary. Th« "will;'-. which
was", drawn February 25, , 1897, bequeaths
$5000. ".the ' house and 'lot at the corner of
Jackson *• - and ¦ \ Octavla streets, together
with the*; furniture, ¦.; stiverware •, and per
sonal effects of the testator," to her daugh
ter,* Anna Sutro. residue of the estate
is to be equally divided between the four
children— Gustav, Alfred. Orcar and Anna
Sutro. "¦• '.¦ ¦: ,:„;¦ - ¦- ; ¦' '::-'. . - : : -' . ¦ • ' -¦•' •
Mrs. Sutro's Will Is Filed.
Is a cemmon expression, hut few reaHza its
actual power. Great as is ths Influence of tha
press It cannot besin to equal the power of
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters over disease.
The Bitters strengthens the - stomach, purifies
the blood and cures dyspepsia, indigestion
and constipation. It will tone up tho nerves,
stimulate inactive kidneys, and as an appeti
zer it Is unerjuule'l. If you want to get well,
and keep well, use Hostetter's Stomach Dlt-
The Power of the Press
•-= George F.' Callaghan, a Powell street sa
loon-keeper, was adjudged guilty of con
tempt of court by Judge Dunne yesterday
and sentenced. lo five days' imprisonment
in the County Jail. Callaghan approached
two of the Jurors in the Parentl case and
told them not to believe the witnesses
against Parent! , who was subsequently
convicted of receiving stolen goods, be
cause "a job" was being put upon him.
Callaghan did not offer -money to v the
jurors to "Influence" their verdict, for had
he done so he would have been prosecuted
for felony. •¦.'-;¦: ¦ . -. -
Callaghan Sent to Jail.
Charles B. Russell was in favor of dis
continuing the custom In Its entirety. Cn
motion of Mr. Upham consideration of Mr.
Bennett's motion, was indefinitely post
poned. .
In. delivering the eighth annual address
as , cresident of the . Board of Trade Mr.
S. Nickelsberg of Nlckelsberg. Kahn St
Co. opposed any deviation. from the pres
ent system Of collections. Both' Henry
Payot and his partner." Isaac TJph&m.
spoke against any change at thi3 time
and- Mr. Sherwood . of Sherwood & Sher
wood advocated the passage of a resolu
tion asking the" wholesale , trade to pay
city accounts by checks on regular col
lection days. '
T. J. Parsons of the Del Monte Milling
Company contended that . the collection
days do not constitute an out. of date cus
tom. He explained that the smaller mer
chants, bo • long- accustomed to meeting
their accounts at stated intervals, made
preparations for the coming of the col
lectors. Mr. . Parsons also pointed out
that not 3 per cent of the smaller trades
men have banking facilities for the dis
charge of their. obligations.
1 C. R. Havens, of the Murphy-Grant
Company said that in a business experi
ence covering fifty rears his firm had
never lost a -dollar through a dishonest
collector. He -asserted that collection
days render the office work of bookkeep
ers "infinitely easier = than ; would be- th3
case if thev ware abolished. -
viding, that the wholesale houses be re-
Quested ' to choose uniform dates for tho
settlement of their accounts by mailed
checks.
The regular annual meeting of the
Board of Trade was held yesterday after
1 noon. After the reporuof President A. A.
Watkins felicitating the members on the
prosperous mercantile conditions during
the last fiscal year and giving an encour
aging forecast for the next trade year ha«l
been read Sanford Bennett introduced a
resolution providing f'jr the abolition of
collection days. His motion precipitated
a general debate and at times much feel-
Ing- -was displayed by the older merchants
in their defense of this time-honored Cali
fornia business custom of setting aside
two days In each month for the collection
of , bills. Mr. Bennett in advocating hi:«
measure contended • that tne system of
sending numerous collectors scurrying
over the city, on the 13th and 2Sth of eacb
month was a relic and a tradition of '4.<
•and tended to confuse the office work o*
large houses. He also declared that the
system threw needless temptation in the
way of young and Inexperienced men and
was a superfluous expense to the trade.
C. R. Haydon' followed In a similar ar
gument, but. he was willing to leave mat
ters as they stood provided collectors b.»
used onljrin special cases where payments
were slow. He maintained that as all
Eastern accounts were settled by the ua«
of checks and drafts the same plan could
be speedily established in the transaction
of local business and introduced an
.amendment to the Bennett resolution pro-
The members elected three directors—
San ford Bennett. T. J. Parsons and Mar
tin Trieste— for one year. Reports by th«
secretary, treasurer. nominating cominittee
and counsel were read, after which th*
board of directors went into executive ses
sion" and choso the follutvln? named offi
cers for the ejisuing year: President. A.
A. "Watkins; first vice president. T. J.
Parsons: second vice president. Isaac Up
ham; treasurer, Sanford "Bennett: secre
tary, H. Ii. Smith; counsel. Joseph Kirk.
In a general review of trade conditions
the president declared , that prospects for
increased business the comine year wera
most encouraging'. He pointed out that
the great disadvantage business men have
experienced In past rears in securing
cheap and sufficient fuel has handicapped
them. The production of «J,G0O.00O barrels
of native oil last year, the equivalent of
2,000,000 tons of coal, and a steadily In
creasing output Is speedily remedying iha
trouble. He then reviewed the various
recommendations made by the board to
the California, delegation in Congress fa
voring or opposing legislation affecting
the State.
Walklns paid a handsome tribute to th*
efficiency of the directors and employes of
the board and thanked them for their
faithful co-operation and assistance. Dur
ing the year twelve regular and six spe
cial meetings of the board were held.
There have been ten retirements and
eighteen new members elected during tha
last vear, and the total membership la
now. 139.
Judgment Beversed in Two Cas«s
That Had Been Taken Up From
• Inferior Tribunals.
. Decisions were handed down yesterday
ns follows in the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals: . • •" " . . . v.
The Northern Pacific Railway Company vs.
Charles W. Clarke. District of Washington.
Judgment affirmed.
¦The United States of America vs. George F.
Chevallier &*Co. District of Oregon. Judg
ment affirmed.
The Mutual Life Insurance' Company of Xew
York vs. CafBllne* L. Hathaway and llorace
C. Hathaway. District of Washington. Judg
ment reversed and cause remanded for a new
trial. —
Victor H. Metcalf vs. Mary M. Mljler. Dis
trict, of Washington. Judgment reversed.
William Lewis and the steam, whaling bark
Belvedere vs. William Hartle et all Judgment
atHrmed.
E. C. Evans vs. the Collector of Customs of
San Francisco. Judgment affirmed.
A. L. Whitney & Co. vs. Frank Olsen. Judg
ment affirmed. _ .
DECISIONS RENDERED
BY COURT OF. APPEALS
The Inquest held by Coroner Leland yes
terday morning into the cause of death
of , Betty L. Anderson, who died at 106
Eddy street from blood poisoning follow
ing a criminal operation, did not elicit any
facts other than those already published.
The woman, even on her deathbed, per
sistently refused to give the name of the
person guilty of malpractice. She de
clared the operation was performed by a
woman who was' neither a doctor nor a
nurse, but a friend of hers.-
The jury returned a verdict that death
ensued from a criminal operation per
formed by some person unknown.
¦ The brother of the dead woman, a
miner near Denver, Colo., telegraphed
yesterday to a local firm of undertakers
to take charge of the remains. Two let
ters from William Baker of Scottsville,
Cal.. addressed to the dead woman, ar
rived by mail yesterday morning, and
were opened by Coroner Leland. The
writer acknowledged himself to be the
author of the woman's trouble, and Indi
rectly the cause of her death.
NO ONE BESPONSIBLE FOB
'MISS AKDERSON'S DEATH
Coroner's Jury Unable to Fix Blame
for a Fatal Criminal Ope
ration. '*
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
February 4. 1901.
- The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was drorp^l at exactly noon to-day—
t. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. in., Greenwich time.
C. a. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are riven in the left
hand column and the successlvo tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last tide
of the doy, except when there- are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to tha soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus -Bign ( — ) precedes the height, and tben
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower/ low waters.
Sun. rises 7-n
Sun sets 5;37
Moon rises 7:54 p. m .
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— Arrived Feb 3— Schr Columbia,
from Tacoma.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Jan. 17— Ger stmr Isls,
for Hamburs.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr City of
Poking:, hence Jan 9.
Sailed Jan 30— Oer ship Arthur Fitter, for
Oregon. Feb 2— Stmr City of Rio da Janeiro,
for San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Jan 31— Br ship Zlnlta,
for Tacoma. . • ¦ •
HONGKONG— Sailed Jan 28— Ger ship Nereus,
for Oregon.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Deo 25— Nor bark
Cora, for Panama.
FERNANDO DE NORON HA— Passed Jan 28
— Br bark Llndfleld, from. Vancouver, for Lon
don. OCEAN STEAMERS.
LONDON— Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Manltou.
from New York.
LIZARD— Passed Feb 4— Stmr Rotterdam,
from New York, for Boulogne and Rotterdam.
ANTWERP— Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Southwark,
from New York, via Southampton.
NAPLES— Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Columbia,
from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Feb 2— Stmr Campa
nia from New York. Feb 3 — Stmr Pennland.
from Philadelphia. Feb 4— Stmr Georglc, from
from New York.
GENOA— Sailed Feb 3— Stmr Columbia, from
New York, for Alexandria.
EAST SAN PEDRO- Sailed Feb 4— Stmr Geo
Loomis. for San Francisco.
COOS BAT— Sailed Feb 4— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Noyo,
hence Feb 3. >
VENTURA— Sailed Feb 3— Barge Santa Paula
and tus; Rescue, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Sailed Feb 2— Br stmr Duke of
Fife, for Tacoma. Feb 3 — Stmr Senator, for
Skaguaj-.
Arrived Feb 4— Stmr Farallon, from Alaska.
Sailed Feb 3— Stmr Santa Ana, for Honolulu.
Feb 4— Jap stmr Toz& Maru, for Yokohama.
NEAH BAT— Passed In Feb 4— Br war stmr
Assistance;, Nor stmr Tltania, henc» Jan 31,
for Nanalmo.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Columbia,
hence Feb 2.
Sailed Feb 4 — G>r ship Llka, for Queenstown.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Feb 8— Schr Meteor,
for San Pedro. .
H1LO— Sailed Jan 18— Bktn Skaglt. for Port
Gamble.
- KAHULUI— Arrived Jan 28— Stmr Chaa Nel
son, from Seattle.
KAIIIEA— Sailed Jan IS— Brig Harriet O, for
Honolulu.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Feb 2— Stmr Ful
ton for San Francisco; stmr DesDatch. for
San Francisco. Feb 3— Schr F M Slade, for
Sydney; schr Lena Sweasey, for Guaymas.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Feb 4. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity lfmlles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Jan 36, lat 1 S. Ion 30 "SV— Shlo Edward Se
wall, hence Oct 5, for Liverpool.
LONDON*. Feb 4— Shlu Emily need, from
Newcastle, Aus, for Honolulu, put Into Syd
ney Dartially dismasted in a eale. Lost- top
masts, yards and sails. Hull and lower masts
uninjured.
SPOKEN.
SAILED.
Monday. February 4.
Etmr Aberdeen, Hansen. Eureka.
Schr Fortuna, Lubere, Eureka.'
Schr LouU, Genberg. Columbia Jtlver.
Pchr Confianza, Christiansen, CoqulHe River.
Schr John F Miller, Hanson. .
five minutes later than at Fort Point;
height of- tide Is the same at both places.
THE AMERICAN SHIP EMILY REED, RECENTLY PURCHASED BY
HIND, ROLPH & CO.. IN A GALE OFF THE COAST OF AUSTRALIA,
SHE AVAS PARTIALLY DISMASTED.
lne hmily Reed While Bound to Hawaii Is Caught in a
Hurricane Off the Maitland Coast and Is Almost
Wrecked Before Help Comes— -Wisconsin Accepted
p?-npqHE American ship Emily Reed Is
I In port at Sydney. N. S. W., in
I distress. She Is one of the latest
.il purchases, of the firm of Hind,
. Rolph & Co., and was Intended
for the Hawaiian trade. The fact that she
got Into trouble off the coast will \ not
bring any Joy to those who bad not their
shares Insured.
U'he Emily Reed was purchased In.' the
East by the San Francisco syndicate, at
whose head is Hind,^Rolph & Co. This
concern has proved itself- to be one of the
most successful on the coast and Its house
flag is to be seen In every port of the
world. The Emily Reed was ordered to
Australia, Discharging a general cargo
%he was sent from Sydney, N. S. W.. to
load coal at Newcastle for Hawaii. At
the colliers the ship was given dispatch
and the captain was in hopes of making
a quick run home. Instead, however, ho
ran into a regular "Maitland" storm and
not only the sails went but they took all
the topmasts and yards with them- . The
captain then headed for Sydney. Accord
ing to his dispatch to the owners the dam.
nee is all to the spars and rigging and the
hull Is "as sound as a dollar."
BROTHERS MEET OFF THE HORN
Two Captains Exchange Greetings for
First Time in. Nine Years.
The American ship Pactolus, which ar
rived yesterday, Is a new addition to the
American mercantile " marine. " While
rounding the Horn she was partially dis
masted and at times the crew feared for
the vessel.
Captain Watt' has a brother whom he
has not seen for nine- years. The younger
Captain Watt Is master of the American
ship John McDonald, now on her way to
San Francisco from an Eastern port.
When off the Horn the John McDonald
and Pactolus were In company, »aml
strange to eay It was a dead calm. In all
the generations the story of two ships
"gamming" off the Horn has never been
written, but that is what the Pactolus
and John McDonald did last November.
A boat was lowered from the Pactolus
and Captain Watt paid a visit to b's
brother. They remained in company for
several days and then the Pactolus got
a "slant" of wind and drew away from
the wooden ship as though she were an
chored. Now Captain Watt Is waiting the
arrival of the John McDonald, when he
will give his brother the ha! ha!
Now in Commission.
The battleship Wisconsin is now a part
of Uncle Sam's navy. She was accepted
from Henry T. Scott by the commander.
Captain G. H. Relter, at noon yesterday
and to the sounding of "colors'* the stars
and stripes were unfurled. The Wisconsin
will probably be ready for sea in two
weeks, when she will make a cruise to
Mexico for target practice.
Besides the captain the Wisconsin carries
the following officers: Lieutenant com
mander, John B. Milton; lieutenant com
mander, II. T. Mayo; chief engineer,
Lieutenant George W. McElroy: lieuten
ants — Wiley. Williams, Senn, Vogelsang
and Blakeley, and Captain Davis and
Lieutenant Cutte of the marines. About
300 pallors and marines are aboard the
warship and the chances are that they
will have her ready for the practice cruise
next week.
Two Captains Exonerated.
Captains Bolles and Bulger. United
States Local Inspectors of Steam Ves
sels, handed down a decision yesterday
exonerating from blame Captain Liljequist
of the schooner Fearless and Captain J. J.
Shea of the Pomona for the collision be
tween the two vessels near Bollnas Point,
January 13.
"Water Front Notes.
The German steamship Eva ia once
more In hard luck. Some months ago,
¦while on her way from Yokohama to
Portland, she was posted as "overdue,"
but finally made the Columbia River. She
was loaded at Astoria and sailed for Eng
land. Yesterday she came In with her
pumps going 1 and about thre# inches of
water in the hold. The norther caught
her and the continuous pounding of the
ceas caused the seams to open. Insurance
men say the vessel will have to discharge
and repair before she can proceed.
The Fieamer San Jose is at anchor off
the. Mail dock. Yesterday the schooner
Ivy drifted down on her, but the damage
to "each vessel can be covered by $50.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Pactolus loads lumber on Puget Sound
for Cape Town or Delagoa Bay, 75s, prior, to
arrival. _
Notice to mariners.
SAN FRANCISCO LIGHT VESSEL NO. 70. j
Notice Is hereby Kiven that on or about
March 4, 1901. oil lights will b6 permanently
substituted for the electric IIkMs now shown
from Light Vessel No. 70, and the character
istic of the Jlghts will be changed to fixed
white without eclipses.
The height of the focal plane of the lights
above the sea will be reduced to fifty-two feet.
Rnd their ranee of visibility in clear weather
will be thereby reduced to 12H miles. , the ob
server's eye flftten feet above the sea.
The order of the lights will not be chanced,
but the lens lanterns will be suspended below
instead of above the masthead galleries.
The vessel is stationed ahout 3Vi miles out
side of the bar off tlv» entrance to San Fran
cisco harbor, about lO'-i miles SW. % W. from
Kort Point Lighthouse, and about 4C0 feet to
the southward of the range line marked by
Fort Point and Alcatraz light*.
Hearings are magnetic; miles are nautical
miles. . ' . ¦
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1900," page 14, No.
22, and the "Ll^t of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast, 1S01." pairo 18. ' .
By order of the Lighthou*» Board.
FRANCIS J. HIGGINSOX.
Rear Admiral, U. 8. Navy, Chairman.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, February 4.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 100 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Matteawan. Crosscup, £1 houri from
Tacoma.
Stmr RH-al. Johnson. 69 hours from Wlllapa.
Stmr Kureka, Jessen, ! 27 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 58 hours from
Portland, via A*toria 47 hours.
Stmr Scotia, Walvigr, 23 ' hours from Rock
port.
Stmr Navarro. Hansen. 12 hours from
Bowens Landlns.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, 18 hours from Fort
Bragg.-
Stmr South Portland. Hall, 90 hours from
Roche Harbor.
Ftmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart, 28 hours from
Eureka: bound to San Pedro; put In to land
passengers.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hlnkle, 24«4 hours from
Port Harfcrd.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen, 33 hours from
San Pedro. • ¦
Bark Wallace B Flint, Johnson, 25 days from
Honolulu.. •
Uktn Irms:ard. -Schmidt, 1SH dayt . from
Honolulu. , .
Bchr Mary Etta. Anderson, 48 hours . from
Fi&hermans Bay.
CLEARED.
Monday, February 4.
Stmr Bonlta, Xowinder, San Pedro; Gdort
all. Perkins & Co. •
Br slmr OoDack. Barber. Manila, via Hono
lulu; U S Government. . .
Board of Trade Finds Conditions for the
Fiscal Year Satisfactory.
COLLECTION DAY WILL
NOT BE DISCONTINUED
equation, x— y=l, then the only -values
which satisfy both equations are x=3,
y=2.
To solve the simpler forms «f simulta
neous equations proceed as follows:
1. Simplify each side of the equations.
2. Transpose all the terms Involving the
unknown quantities to the left-hand side
and the other terms to the right-hand
side in each equation. .~
3. Simplify the equations by combining
similar terms. « -
4. Multiply the equations by such num
bers as will make. the coefficients of one
of the unknown quantities the same in
both.
5. By adding or subtracting the two
equations obtain an equation which in
volves only one of the unknown quanti
ties.
6. Sole the equation so obtained. The
result cives the value of one of the un
known auantities.
7. Put the value thus found for the un
known quantity in either of the given
equations, and thus a simple equation is
obtained which will give the value of the
other unknown quantity.
Illustrative Exercises. ¦
L Solve the equations: t-\
3x+2y=»13.
2x+3y=12
neous.
Consider the equation x+y=5.
It Is easy to see if we give any value to
y we can find a corresponding value of x
which eatisfles the equation; for Instance,
if we take y=l we get x=4, and if we take
y=2 we get x=3.
But suppose that we have another
Note— In lessons Nos. II and XI we
learned how to do what is commonly
known a3 simple equations. This lesson
teaches how to solve equations In which
there are two unknown quantities. We
call such equations double or simulta-
= £3.725
"VTe proceed first to' reduce the shillings
and pence to tha decimal of a pound. This
can be done by reducing 14s 6d to pence
and dividing by 240. There are 12 p«nce
In a shilling, therefore 14s 6d=174d; 174-=-240
=.725. There are 240 pence in a pound.
Then £3 143 6d=£3.725. But this result can
be reached much more easily by the fol
lowing rule:
Write one-half the shillings for the first
figure of the decimal; multiply the pence
by 4 for the next two figures; If the last
product Is between 12 and 36 add one, if
between 36 and 48 add two. If the shillings
are uneven add five to the second decimal
figure.
Suppose, for illustration, that the rate of
exchange is 4.87%, or 4.S75, and that we de
sire to find the value in American money
of £5 9s 6d. By the rule already explained
we find that this amount in decimal form
is £5.475. But £1 is equal to J4 87%. there
fore £5.475 equals 5.475 multiplied by 4.S75,
or 126 69. •
XLI.— HOW TO SOLVE DOUBLE
EQUATIONS.
par when bills are bought and sold at
this rate. When £1 in London buys more
than 25.2 francs exchange Is said to be in
favor of London. The par of exchange
between Great Britain and the United
States is 4.88 2-3; that is, £1 is worth
J4 88 2-3. Exchange is quoted daily in
New York. Chicago and other cities at
4.S7 or 4.87»4 or 4.S9, etc.. for sight bills,
and at slightly lower rates for sixty-day
bills. These are the two kinds of bills
usually bought. The sixty-day bills are
as good as cash when they reach London,
but they are cashed at a discount from
their face values if presented before ma
turity. It ia sufficient for the student in
this connection (1) that the value of Eng
lish money expressed in dollars and cents
may vary from day to day according to
the condition of the money market; (2)
that to pay an English invoice we go to
a banker doing a foreign business and buy
a draft on London (called a bill of ex
change) and send It to our creditor: (3)
that this draft may be payable at sight in
London, or it may be payable in sbcty
days.
We shall now proceed to change English
money to dollars and cents. Take the fol
lowing as the face value of an English in
voice:
£3 14s 6d
of Great Britain and France, £1 is equal
to 25.2, francs, which Is said to be the par
between London and Paris. The exchange
between the two countries Is said to be at
XL.— HO WTO FIGTJBE EXCHANGE
ON LONDON. "^
The par of the currency of any two
countries means among merchants the
equivalency of a certain amount of the
currency of the one in the currency of the
other, supposing the. currencies of both
countries to be of the precise weight and
purity fixed by their respective mints.
Thus, according to the mint regulations
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
Lessons in Night School Courses on
Methods of Figuring Price Lists
and Exchange.
Multiply the first equation by S and the
second by 2 and we have:
9x+6y=33 . .
4x+6y=2»
The coefficients of y In the two equations
are, now equal: subtracting the one equa
tion from the other we eet:
5x=la
/ x=3
Giving x Its numerical value In the first
equation we have:
9f2y=13
and 2y= 4
and y= 2 ,» /i
Hence x=3 and y=2. and the equations are
solved. .
2. Solve the equations:
~x — !y=20
• 4x4-3y=22
Multiply the first equation by 3 and the
second by 4 and we have:
21x— 12y=60
16x-f-12y=SS
Adding the two equations we get:
37x=143
and x— 4
Giving x Its numerical value In the sec
ona equation we have:
16+3y=22
and 3y= 6
and y= 2 • *
Hence x=4 and y=2 and the equations are
solved.
Note*- The result may be verified by seetns
whether these values satisfy the first e<ruatton.
When the value of one of the unknown quan
tities has been found It does not matter whlcb
of the equations is used to find the other.
Exercises for Practice.
L 4xf y=10 5. 5x-Hy=22
5x+7y=47 4x+5y=23
2. x+5y=13 6. 3x— 7y= 1
3x+2y=41 4x+ y=33
3. 3xt5j=5O 7. llx— 7y=43
4x+3y=41 . •:: ¦ fcc-3y=13
4. 7x— «y=25 8. 7x-j-3y=tt
5x-Hy=51 • 7x— 8y=32
XLIL— HOW TO FIGUBE PBICE
LISTS.
In many manufacturing and wholesale
establishments the making of price lists
involves a large amount of arithmetical
calculations. Suppose, for instance, that
an article costs $2 40 to manufacture, that
the manufacturer desires to make 10 per*
cent profit, and that he must allow the
buyer a discount of 29-10%. Here the list
price must be such that after a dlsctront
of 2&-10% Is deducted the price will be $2 40
plus 50%, or $3 60. A list price of $5 will
leave a net price of $3 80. The model ex
ercise given below shows how to find this
list or catalogue price:
Model Exercise.
Cost, J2 40; gain. 50%; discount, 20-19%.
$2 40=cost.
?3 60=net selling price. '
100 less 2O-10%=72. _ • .. '
$3=Iist or catalogue price.
Xote — A net price of seventy-two cents
requires a list price of $1. then a net price
of one cent would require a llsf price of
$14-72. and a net price of S3 GO would re
quire a list price of J3 60X100-J-72.
XLin.— HOW TO MULTIPLY BY
THH.TT? FIGURES IK TWO
, LINES. -;-
It is often a very simple matter to re
duce the labor of multiplication, even In
large numbers. Note the following ex
ample:
(.Ordinary method.) (Snort method.)
538 ESS
427 427
S732 3732
1072 22512
225ST2
22SST2
There Is an actual savins: of one line in
both multiplication and addition. Instead
of multiplying 526 by 2 and then by 4 we
multiply by 42. The factors of 42 are 6 and
7. We have already multiplied 536 by 7 to
find the first line 3752. If wo now multiply
this line by 6 we shall pet 22512. tha
product of 536 by 42. 37i2X6=22512- If the
multiplier were 742 the method would be
the came. We would first multiply by 7
and then that product by 6, carrying tha
latter product two places to the right. Ap
ply this rule to the following exercises:
1. 876X427 6. 633X217 1L 876X633
2. 395X742 7. 27SX2T3 12. 93SX728
3. 475X279 8. 3S4X2S7 13. CHX9«
4. 563X927 9. 256X-C6 14. 363XS73
5. 932X32S 10. S7SX213 15. S42X723
In multiplying by a number such as 81279
the work can be shown in three lines In
stead of five. First multiply by 9. then
that product by 3 (to get 27). then that
product by 3 (to get 81).
Note— An examination in this course as
the basis for srantlnf? certificates will be
published on next Tuesday.
ANOTHER AMERICAN SHIP PUTS
INTO PORT AT SYDNEY IN DISTRESS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAI/L,' TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1901.
TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 5.
7
Steamer. From. | Due.
Australia...:.!. Tahiti Feb. I
Royalist........ Comox Feb. 1
Willamette Oyster Harbor... ;.. Feb. I
G. W. Elder Portland and Astoria... Feb. I
Fulton Grays Harbor Feb. !
South Portland. Roche Harbor ... Feb. I
Empire.: Coos Bay Feb. [I
Pomona Huniboldt '....- Feb. '!
State of Cat.... Puget Sound Ports Feb. i
Corona Newport Feb. i
Mackinaw Seattle Feb. I
San Pedro...... Humboldt Feb. (
Santa Rosa San Diego......... Feb.. !
Point Arena.... Point Arena. Feb. ,'
Sierra. Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb. "'.
City of Para,... Panama & Way Ports. Feb. '¦'.
Zealandta Honolulu • Feb. '
Ciescent City... Crescent City....... Feb. '
Washtenaw,... Tacotna Feb.-'
Hyades :..- Seattle ...".. Feb. '
Eureka Humboldt : Feb. 1
Arcata Cdos Bay Feb. I
Jeante Seattle Feb. 1
Coronado Ventura Feb. I
Nippon Mam... China and Japan....... Feb. 5
Columbia....... Portland and Astoria... Feb. 1
Profn"eso.. Tacoma Feb. i
Queen San Diego Feb. 11
Bcnita.'. Newport Feb. K
From.
1 Due.
Carlisle City.
Tlatnler
Bonita...
Argyll
Sesostris i
Umatllla......
Rob 1 1 Dollar..
Kureka..
Grace Dollar.
Queen.........
Manila lay....
North Fork...
Pomona
Curacao...;.'.
Ouatemala...
O. W. Elder-
Fulton .....
Umpire..."....
Czarina
Steamer.
Dest nation. Sails. |
Fehrnnry 5.
China- and 1 Japan ..;.
Seattle * & Taeoma. 6 pm
Newport' 9 am
N. Y. via Panama 2 pm:
Hamburg & XV. Pts I
Puget Sound Ports 11 am
Seattle 5 pm
Humboldt 9 am
Grays Harbor
February- U.
San Diego........... 8 am
Coav 1Ile River .... 10 am
¦.February 7.
Humboldt 9 am
Humboldt 2 pm
'Mexican Ports lo am
West Coast & Way ......;
Astoria & Portland 11 am
drays'- Harbor....:.. 9 am
Cooa Bay...... .. io am
Seattle & : Taeoma. 6 pm
February 8.
Panama & Way Pts 12 m
Tahiti "...:........... 4 pm
Newport- ...:.. ...... s am
Gr».« Harbor S pm
February O. . - .
China and - Japan..' : l pm
Point Arena. . ....... 2 pm
February 10.
Coos Bay.. ....'. 10 am
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
San | Diego. *,.....>.. 9 am
Humboldt .. ...:.". .'. . . ;;....
I Pier.
Pier 33
Pier i
Pier 11
Pier 34
S.W. 2
Pier 9
Pier IS
Pier U
Pier —
Pier 11
Pier 3
Pier 2
Pier '. 9
Pier 11
S.W. 1
Pier 24
Pier —
Pier 13
Pier. 8
City Sydney..
Australia....^
Corona.'.
Coronado. . . . . .
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier 2
Doric..........
Pclnt Arena..
PMSS s
Pier 2
Arcata
State of Cal..
Santa: Rosa...
6an Pedro..U
Pier W
Pier. 9
Pier 11
Pier -
0 Time Timef Time Time
5. Ft. Ft. — — Ft. Ft.
? H W L, W H W L. W
4... 0:34 5.2 5:34 2.2 11:50 "5.7 6:17 —0 1
B ... 1:09 5.3 6:20 2.0 12:31 6.3 6:45 0.3
6 ... 1:40 5.S 7:07 2.0 1:16 4.9 7:19 0.8
7... 1:12 5.3 7:55-1.9 J:04 4.5 7:52 1.3
8 ... 2:43 5.2 8:43 1.8 2:55 4.2 8:28 1.7
9 ... 3:15 6.1 9:34 1.6 3:53 3.9 »:07 2.1
10... 3:50 E.I 10:34 1.4 6:06 3.7 9:50 2 5
U ... 4:27 5.1 11:36 1.1 6:30 3.6 10:46 2 9
Carlisle City.
Tlatnler
Bonita...
Argyll
Sesostris i
Umatllla......
Rob 1 1 Dollar..
Kureka..
Grace Dollar.
Queen.........
Manila lay....
North Fork...
Pomona
Curacao...;.'.
Ouatemala...
O. W. Elder-
Fulton .....
Umpire..."....
Czarina
Steamer.
Dest nation. Sails. |
Fehrnnry 5.
China- and 1 Japan ..;.
Seattle * & Taeoma. 6 pm
Newport' 9 am
N. Y. via Panama 2 pm:
Hamburg & XV. Pts I
Puget Sound Ports 11 am
Seattle 5 pm
Humboldt 9 am
Grays Harbor
February- U.
San Diego........... 8 am
Coav 1Ile River .... 10 am
¦.February 7.
Humboldt 9 am
Humboldt 2 pm
'Mexican Ports lo am
West Coast & Way ......;
Astoria & Portland 11 am
drays'- Harbor....:.. 9 am
Cooa Bay...... .. io am
Seattle & : Taeoma. 6 pm
February 8.
Panama & Way Pts 12 m
Tahiti "...:........... 4 pm
Newport- ...:.. ...... s am
Gr».« Harbor S pm
February O. . - .
China and - Japan..' : l pm
Point Arena. . ....... 2 pm
February 10.
Coos Bay.. ....'. 10 am
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
San | Diego. *,.....>.. 9 am
Humboldt .. ...:.". .'. . . ;;....
I Pier.
Pier 33
Pier i
Pier 11
Pier 34
S.W. 2
Pier 9
Pier IS
Pier U
Pier —
Pier 11
Pier 3
Pier 2
Pier '. 9
Pier 11
S.W. 1
Pier 24
Pier —
Pier 13
Pier. 8
City Sydney..
Australia....^
Corona.'.
Coronado. . . . . .
PMSS
Pier 7
Pier 11
Pier 2
Doric..........
Pclnt Arena..
PMSS s
Pier 2
Arcata
State of Cal..
Santa: Rosa...
6an Pedro..U
Pier W
Pier. 9
Pier 11
Pier -
Steamer. From. | Due.
Australia...:.!. Tahiti Feb. I
Royalist........ Comox Feb. 1
Willamette Oyster Harbor... ;.. Feb. I
G. W. Elder Portland and Astoria... Feb. I
Fulton Grays Harbor Feb. !
South Portland. Roche Harbor ... Feb. I
Empire.: Coos Bay Feb. [I
Pomona Huniboldt '....- Feb. '!
State of Cat.... Puget Sound Ports Feb. i
Corona Newport Feb. i
Mackinaw Seattle Feb. I
San Pedro...... Humboldt Feb. (
Santa Rosa San Diego......... Feb.. !
Point Arena.... Point Arena. Feb. ,'
Sierra. Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb. "'.
City of Para,... Panama & Way Ports. Feb. '¦'.
Zealandta Honolulu • Feb. '
Ciescent City... Crescent City....... Feb. '
Washtenaw,... Tacotna Feb.-'
Hyades :..- Seattle ...".. Feb. '
Eureka Humboldt : Feb. 1
Arcata Cdos Bay Feb. I
Jeante Seattle Feb. 1
Coronado Ventura Feb. I
Nippon Mam... China and Japan....... Feb. 5
Columbia....... Portland and Astoria... Feb. 1
Profn"eso.. Tacoma Feb. i
Queen San Diego Feb. 11
Bcnita.'. Newport Feb. K
From.
1 Due.
0 Time Timef Time Time
5. Ft. Ft. — — Ft. Ft.
? H W L, W H W L. W
4... 0:34 5.2 5:34 2.2 11:50 "5.7 6:17 —0 1
B ... 1:09 5.3 6:20 2.0 12:31 6.3 6:45 0.3
6 ... 1:40 5.S 7:07 2.0 1:16 4.9 7:19 0.8
7... 1:12 5.3 7:55-1.9 J:04 4.5 7:52 1.3
8 ... 2:43 5.2 8:43 1.8 2:55 4.2 8:28 1.7
9 ... 3:15 6.1 9:34 1.6 3:53 3.9 »:07 2.1
10... 3:50 E.I 10:34 1.4 6:06 3.7 9:50 2 5
U ... 4:27 5.1 11:36 1.1 6:30 3.6 10:46 2 9
I
GRAND' OPERA HOUSE
MATTITEES EATCKDAT anfl SUXDAT. ;
LAST WEEK: OF THE GREATEST LTVINO
IRISH CX)MEDIA>*.
CHARLES ERIN VERNER,
ALL THIS TVEEK.
The Famous Patriotic Irish Drama,
SHAMUS O'BRIEN
TRICES— 10c. 15c, Cc 50c. A fsw front rows
In Orchestra. Tie. Good Reserved Seat In Or-
chestra at all Matinees, 25c Branch Ticket
Offloe EmDoriusi. ¦
MOROSGD'S 63AHD OPERA-HOUSE, Special
Gcttlcb. Marx & Co. and TValter ilerosco
Anncnnce the Farewell Appearance la This
City cf
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT
M.TioOUELIN,
Under the Direction cl
AIR. MAURICE GRAU.
FOR TWO WEEKS OXLT.
CcnjEencins; SIOXDAY EVENING. Febniary
IL In
ROSTAKD'S DRAMATIC POEM,
For Six Xisfcts and tfT 9 A Jf^T A\T»*
Saturday Matinees. ** fXl\*lJ\JlX
OR. THE EAGLET.
MME. EERXHARDT and M. COQCELIN WU1
Apj>ear at Every Perforiaaace.
PRICES— fl 50. *2. S3 and M- Boxes $30. $24.
J:2. General Admission $2. Gallery JL
ClIC AC CC1TC WUl berln TO-MORROW
JALC Ur OLA IJ at » a. m. at the box
office. Orand Or^sa-house.
COLUMBIA SSS1
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Up to and Includisff Saturday Matinee
lianar^rs Warenhals and K«-mt>eT Present
LOiriS KATHRYX
JAMES «» KIDDER
In a Grand Bceulc Revival of
"A MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S DREAM"
Saturday n!eht "RICHARD III"
Bandar nigt.t ••MACBETH"
SOUS A jQ-
Comin«c V» ALHAMBRA jS^W^9
NEXT BL'XDAT XIGHT. '§ 5?s «Sh
Feau now on at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s store. 9 concert?.
ANOTHER BIG BILL!
MURRAY AND LANE. KATHRYX OSTER-
SIAS. KMPIRE CITY COMEDY FOUR.
LTZZ1E AND VIXIE DALY, FOX AND
CLAP.K. LEAMEHl SISTERS, WARREN
AND BLANCH ARD. THE BIOGRAPH.
SECOND WEEK OF
THE NINE NELSONS.
Res^rve3 prats. ZZc; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
end box iwsts, 50c
ilatJnocs Wedn-sday. Faturtay and Sunday.
ALF KLLINGHOU£E..'....Prop. and Manner
POOKK SOUTH 7TO
A TRULY ARTISTIC SUCCESS
Erery Evening This Week— Matinee Saturday.
WM. A. BRADY'S Grand Production of
H THE SORROWS OF SATAN."
A BEAUTIFUL PRODUCTION'.
Adarted -ar.d Dramatized from the Famous
Novel cf MARIE CORELLI, as Origin-
ally Produced at the Bhaftesbury
Th«itre, London. Knrla-nd.
Beautlfcl Ci»ttrmee! Elaborate Scenery! Mar-
velous Electrical Effect*! Presented by
a Carefully Selected Company of
Players.
EVENING 2Se. 35c. 60c and 75c
MATTXEE 15c. 2Sc. 35c and 50c
rcext Sunday Evening; — SOCSA.
Seats now ready. Sherman, Clay A Co."*
Music Et/ire, Alhambra Box Office Thursday,
» a- m. Prices- 50c. 75c. SLOP and tl.&O.
THE 3AN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TAJbTORAN PARK-THIRD MEETING.
Ucaday. January 21. to Eatorday, February
S, ir.rSuKlve.
EIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAT.
E'x £ttk» Et fct*. Three Horfil* Races and
E!x £teepleebasea.
FIRST R -CE OF THE DAY AT 2:19 P. M.
Trains leave Third and Tovniend «tre«u for
Tanforan Park at 7. 10:41. 11:33 a. tn.. L l:S0
and Z p. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park for
Ban Fru- ¦-- — at 4:15 p. m.. followed after tho
iast race at Intervals ol a few minutes by eev-
eraJ epedals. Beats In rear cars reserved for
ladle* and taelr escorts. Admission to course,
Icclu&lzs railroad fare, C2S.
MILTOX 8. LATIIA3I. Secretary.
ED'STAT'^ POWER. Racing Secretary.
HENSCHELS
FI RST RECITAL
THIS EVENING, at 8 O'Clock,
At iMETROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
PRICES-TSc WC
SEATS NOW ON' S^LE at Sherman. Clay
& Co.'*. Sutter and Kearny «U.
RUBBER CULTURE
In Soconusco* Mexico,
BT MRS. FROXA WAITE COLBURN.
At METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
WEDNESDAY EVENING, FVb. C at S o'clock.
10a Stere^Titiccn Plant*t!on Vlewa.
Mexican mueie by Prof. Lonibarlero'i Bcxtet.
ttfnslsslon free. Ticfeets on application at oi-
£c« of 1A ZACUAUA RUBBER PLAN-
TATION CO..
3C3-7M Clans Spreckcls bcllflliur.
LAST TWO WEEKS OF
MRS. FISKE
PRESEXTIXG
TESS OP THE
D'URBERVILLES.
ONLY MATIXEE EATURDAT
SEATS NOTV ON SALE.
ITS ALL" THE RAGE!
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at S.
THE COMIC OPERA ¦ PAR EXCELLENCE!
rLANQUETTE 1 &
NELL
GWYNNE !
Coming— WIZARD OF THE NILE. With
"HOOT MOX" WHEELAN.
POPUliAR PRICES a an<l SO cent*
Telfphone— Bush 9.
fTLf H EATR eH^T
ETERT THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
E. S. WlllariTs Success of Two Continents,
By Henry Arthur Jones, Esq.
-NEXT WEEK
AuruEtln Daly's Fasclnatlns Comedy,
"A NIGHT OFF."
SEATS NOW READY.
Phone South 533
TO-XIGHT-EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A BIG HIT— POWERFUL MELODRAMA— A
DA UCHTER OF
THE MILLION.
Now In Its Fifth Tear In England.
Novel and Startling Situations.
A Stupendous Scenic Production, etc.
BnirpC Evenings 10c, 15c. 25c. 35c, 6O0
riiiWLJ Matinee* 10c. 15c; 25c
NEXT TVEEK-"AFTER DARK."
FISCHER'S CON A^ 5 R J lon H I^ SE -
All Zada, Dalton and Lewis, the Marcos,
Godfrey, Lillian Levy, Cunningham, Harry de
Lain, the Fairbanks brothers and Hlnrichs'
orchestra.
Reserved Seats ?5c. Matinee Sunday.
"k CtSBine Old Brandy made from Wine.
* —XtdtctU Pro* (Zonrfon), Avg. 1899
THREESTAR
AT AU RESORTS AND RESTAURANTS
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO., san francisco
Pacific Coast Acents
nil Ipr These hotels pos-
rALAbfc "" the attributes
J that tourists and
911(1 travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location.
R R A M (I hbcral ma nage-
UttnilU ment, modern ap-
IJATri O pointments and
HLl I LLOi perfect cuisine.
iiwi wj American and En-
Sail ffailCiSCO. ropean plans.
n. HALL'S BELNYIG0BAT0R(R3f3
Five hundred reward for any MJHSs3
case we cannot cure. This secret BSH ESDU
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, 1 H
cures JZmlislonm. Imjxjtency, . Vart- fvjW ffff
cocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, rr*W P*¥?|
Strictures. Lost v Manhood ar.d all Ulhi Ity']
vastinff effects \t self-abuio or KyB ESa
nctae*. Sent sealed, J2 bcttlo; 3 \SJBZ5kSJ
bottle*. fZ: cuanntKd to car* any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S&i
Broadway-, Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 10TJV,
Market it. 6. F. AH prl vato diseases quickly
cared. Send (or fret book.
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, on line of railroad," for
tale. Eplendld chance for tho»» about to
form an oil corapany. NEWTON. CAR-
MEN tc SOMES (S.C.. MASON. «tnt),
181 Chronicle bide. San Francisco.
For sale br all dealers In blcyclast
and bicycle sundrico.
'^^.C^a-thejGrip^in-TWrDays^.
I -Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne ' removes', the
[.cause. ':--¦¦" ' - ¦ ' :..-¦> -JiV-'
Bears'
Economical soap is one
that a touch of cleanses. ?j
Pears' shaving" soap is j
the best in all the world;
- All sorts of people use Fears* ttoap, all Kits ¦
of stores cell it, especially druggists. ¦
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
.. of railroads. ':, >1
Office, 30 Montgomery street. •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
f^^^^JPSM^^^^^PM^MMsBtisM^B^B^IMIf^B^M^pisss^ssayajja^BssaMy^iayBasw^sss^lM^—^-^_ >^ i^^^ |^^^^ B<^^ M
I Looks like coffee. Tastes Jr** I
I like coffee. But— there is f U E S T \ I
I not a grain of coffee in it. \ f^V^TiTP A I ll
r Consists entirely of se- V J
I lected figs, prunes and V COFFEE^
i grains — scientifically blend-
\ C(^' . IMHII^^
j| Hot or cold, Figprtine is never insipid — holds
I J^ g "^ f^^ itS flavor t0 the bottom of
Sir O JT/o \ Frce sam P les at your
Hf Fruit \ grocers. Ask for one;
H y* jf o/' I Boil from 5 to JO minutes only,
|\ T*O/o / ALL GROCERS SELL
I \Grail\5^ Figprune Cereal.
H^^=^ * 13 only possib!* wbea yoor
B feet are on the pedals, iad behind tho pedala
I Sow COASTER BRAKE.
3 Adds o-e handr-d per c-nt. to tha plrasore of
g cycUa£. Sold by aU dealers. Booklet free.
II Eclipse iMf j. Co., Manufac'rs, Elrsin, N.T.NEW YORK. Feh. 4.— The stock market was
under the influence of the news of purchase of
control of the Southern Pacific by a syndicate
in the interests of Union Pacific. Notwith-
Ftan-iing the plain correbcration by the tape
on Friday of the rumors of the "deal." the
rpeculators were not without doubts, and the
official adraif-t-iens after the market had closed
en Friday fou!id the street In a state of un
ttreparc-iinebf, for while rumors of deals have
been thick for many weeks past, this particu
lar oi,e had not been formulated, even in the
'.magination of the tipster*. The natural con-
Mquence was a large and excited demand for
Hocks at the cpening to-day. As a result of
the accumulation of buying orders In commle
*ion offices since last Friday, there were wlden
ings in various stocks unaer the excited bid
cing of comi^tiry? bakers. They bought 12,500
f hares of 'Union Pacific upon the fall of the
market at simultaneous prices of SSTi to SS'.i,
»itf! *7\ on Friday nipht. The opening price
in {southern Pacific was the highest that stock
reached, felling »t both 47^ and 47 on the
transfer of EOM shares^ The demand came
' froni. London, and the opening price here was
.<*er.siflerabiy below the parity of that estab
lieh"d in London ttjs morning. Opinion in
¦Vail etrcet does not lean to the conclusion
that the rale of the :ro8d is for the benefit
of the *tTK-k Which. remains in the market, as
. 11 ¦cor.Ftltutr* a minority stock of a road pre
' BumtfWy to be operated for the best Interests i
of tnfe Cuion Pacific. The professional specula
tors .tQ^k an active part in the market with
the advantage offered, of the large outside .de
;mand for -Mocks attracted by the Southern
Marine deal. In their manipulation to advance
-prices, one oj«eraior inute a demonstrative bid
for W.OCO shares of Union pacific at 30. It was
quickly supplif-d jn a Ftngle blo<k, and as a
con?«?<juence L'nion l'acific ruled below thet for
the rest cf the day. The completion of the
Southern Pacific transaction caused additional
credence to rumorn of other similar transac
tions. It is highly probable also that the
likelihood of further transactions Is increased
by the fruition of this plan. The large de
mand for Atchtson and for Rock Island was
attracted !>y this possibility. The movement in
these, stocks «>«, on the ivhoje, the most con
spicuous cf the day. The advance in Atchl
son reached 3*» and in R.nck Island 2r4 on very
larEe dealings. The movement Jn Uiuisvllie
. mpparently ««s based on the f»ct that It has
had no considerable rise rin.-e Us dividend has
been increased. The rise in the railroad list,
¦whfrh was very general in sympathy with
these movements, invited heavy realizing, and
the bull speculators turned their attention to
other quaj-ters of the list to sustain the mar
ket. The most conspicuous rise of this opera
tion was shown in the local tractions, Brook
lyn Transit and Manhattan rising Z% each and
Metropolitan 2Vj. There was a period of ac
• tivity and strength In the steel stocks which
lifted them from 1 to 3»». Rumors that threat
ened conflict in the Fte^l trade had been avert
ed by egreement helped the movement. The
»-hol* rr.arkr t was inclined to run off In the late
dealings on realizing and the closing wa«
rather eaajr. Although the speculation for the
rise was very confident, counter consideration*
m-ere not entirely lo-t «si«fht of. The fact that
a considerable rt*e In Ftocks predicated on ex
tentive consolidations had already occurred,
the possibility of popular disapproval leading to
hostile legislation.- the price paid for the roads
cbsorbed and the r^ot-sibllity of damage to the
roafis -not included leading to rivalries and
reprisals were ail discussed, 'although they re
ceived small credence. The Inroad* upon the
money market shown by last week's enormous
loan expansion as a result of the heavy flnan
oisj operations, frfves rcme weight to expecta
tion of future developments in the money
market. Sterling rxchange Continued to ad
vance, notwithstanding an easier money mar
ket In London and the porsibilitjr of guld ex
ports this week ia etill considered.
The bond market was strong and slightly
Tnore active than on Friday. Total sales uar
vaJue. |7,2ir>,000.
United Stages benas were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Fharea . . , ;v. - • ¦ Closlns
Sold. Ftock — • IJi<j
lOW Atchison ,;; 53^
47.C00 AtchiFon prefd .'. : kji^,
S.900 Baltimore & Ohio 91S
'Canadian Pacific' S9
J.20U Canada Southern ..................... £«!•»
4,^0 Ch«*fcar«»ak» & Ohio 40^
H.700 Chicago Great Western 20V*
21.C^ Chicaro Buriir.rton & Qalncy. ...... 146?,
5>>;0 «"hic_R-o Ind & Ixiuisvillr ....' 2SVi
2.7'*J ChicaRo Ind & Lojls\-ille prefd 67
70* Chicago & Eastern Illinois ., ?4U
ino Chlcaro'* .N'orthwwstrrn :..........I7J
2J.V0 Chicago- Rock Inland & Paclf;c.....l27^
1.2f<J C C O & St Ix!uIf 76V.
4no Colorado Southern T',»
100 <~o'ora<5o Foutli^n) 1st prefd ..: 40
Colorado Southern 2d prefd '....,... 16'i
500 Delaware & Hadscn ;..131>*
I><»laware Ixirkawanna & \V*estern..l5S •
l.fflO Denver & Itio Grand* S3-4
* 1.200 r>er.ver & Rio Cirande prefd"........ K4 T »
Zl.J^f' Eri» : -*%
4.2HO Trie IK r"" p 'd ..:-. 63%
COO Great Northern preM .. ..:.... ....... M!
A'cic* York Stock Market.
- VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. - ; ; Asparagus.
from Sacramento. lG@25cper lb; from Alameda
and Bouldln Island.— > Green Peas.: 4«f7c per
lb; String Ueans, . 10fil5c; Cabbage, .flOc; Toma
toes, Los Angeles, 75cS$l 50 per crate; from
POTATOES— Early Rose. ' 6S@75c: Durbanks
?iiS50c for River and 85c@$l 10 - per ctl for
Salinas and GStfWOc for Oregon ; I Garnet Chiles
from Oreson, : 6frf75c; , Sweets. . 90c@$l 05 for
Merced. ¦ . ;
ONIOXS-$1 50(52 per • ctl: - Nevadas sold at
12 25: -Cut Onions, $1 23 per ctl. ¦.,.
Receipts of Potatoes continue too large, those
since Friday amounting- to over 11,000 sks. The.
market continues ¦ to ¦¦ drag. : Onions are '¦ very
steady. Vegetables continue : to • bring "good
prices. • • ' . ¦¦¦,'.
. BEANS — Bayos, J2 60@2 75; Small White.
J4 6004 90; Large White, $1^4 25; Pink, J2 15®
2 35; Red, $333 50; Blackeye.v J3@3 25; Limas,
15 6uiS5 70; Pea, cleaned, up and nominal; Red
Kldner. S3 75©4. per ctl. .' '= - .
'SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; . Tellow
Muetard, nominal ; Flax. $2 C0@3: Canary. 3^C@
3%c-'for :Eastern; Alfalfa, 7%@9V4c; Rape, 2_»
2Kc: Hemp. SHS3y 4 c; Timothy, 6^_c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2@2 50; Green.' $2 70
©8 ... per ctl; Blackeye. nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
All quotations stand about as before, with a
firm market for Beans. . ! . .
• FEEDSTUFFS— Rollrd Barley. • $16®17 per
ten: Oilcake Meal, at the mill, J25®1'6; Jobbing
J26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17(^1S: Corn Meal $»5
6723 EO: Cracked Corn. $25 50(326; Mixed i^eed
$]n(&16. ¦ ¦¦'•
( HAT— Volunteer. $3®S; "VTheat. *ligi3 so-
Wheat and Oat. *10@12 50; Oat. $9Q>n so-
Clover, nominal; Alfalfa, JS@3 50; Barley,
09 60 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47 J / 4c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50(?t19 50 per ton
The rain Is checking trade in Hay at- the
moment.' Bran is- still quoted firm.
BRANr- $15S16 per ton.
Hav and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family . Extras.' J3 25®
3 50. usual terms; j Bakers' Extras, J3 15©3 25;
Orecon. \1 75<ff2 S5 per, barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers', J2 75
©3. • - : ' '• • '
MILLSTI7FFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. » per 100. lbs: Rye Flour, J2 75; Rve
Meal, ?2 B0; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal, J2 75
extra cream do, 13 50; Oat Groats, $4 EO; Hom
iny. $3 50fl3 75; : Buckwheat Flour. $4iS4 03.
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), J64«
7 25; in sacks. $5 75(0.7; Pearl . Barley, $j; Split
Teas, J5: Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstnffs.
¦ WHEAT — New York was lower, and Liver
pool was also off.
Chicago was weak, as all news was bearish.
Bropmhall cabled that the Liverpool market
was very derrefaed, owlnr to excessive sup
plies. The world's shipments for the week
wrre C.612,000 bushels, against 4,932, Of p0 last year.
The Russian shipments were 129.0C-O qimrterB.
the Argentine 103.000 quarters and the Aus
tralian 42.000. while the quantity on paEeagre
increased 2,320.000 bushelF. The American visi
ble supply decreased 1.024, COO bunhels. Commis
sion houses all had sciUnK orders at the open
ing. The Minneapolis millers reported only a
little demand, but were still good buyers of
cash "Wheat. Stocks In Minneapolis decreased
444.317 bushels during the week:
The local nmrket wa3 dull and weak, with a
fractional decline on the ppot.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 97>£c; milling. $1@1 C5
per ctl.
CALL HOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— December— CCOO
Ctls. U 07V.. May— 2C00.-$l 03H- : .:
Second Session— May— GCOO ctls, Jl C3?J ; De
cember—2000. II 07%: 2C00. $1 0V»«.
Regular Morning . Session — May — 10.000 ctls,
Tl C3 B i. December— H.000. $1 07*i.
Afternoon St-FSlon— May— 14.000 ctls, $1 OS'/i;
12.0W $1 03%. .December— 2W0, $1 07*4-
BA RLE Y— Dullness still characterizes the
market, and quotations show little change.
I Keed 76Uc for choice bright, T3%li>i7ac tor Xo.
1 and ' 70©72%c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 80#S2V4c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sesnlon— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — Xo sales.
Regular Morning. Session — No sales. . ;
Afternoon Session— No sales. .
OATS,— Are quiet and unchanged.
White. Jl 30@l 10; Surprise, nominal; Red.
$1 25*31 40 for Feed and II 3S@1'45 for Seed;
Gray nominal; Black, for Feed. SI 17>^(gl 20;
for S<W. Jl 25ffll 30 per ctl.
CORN- Yellow, ' $1 ir'i«7t 15; White, Jl 15;
Eastern, mixed, $1 12*4 per ctl.
RYE— S5<5S7M:C per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 S3 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — - *1 S3V*
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables — 4 30
New York Exchange, fight — 17«4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 22H
Sliver, per ounce .'. — 61U
Mexican Dollars, nominal 5O',4 & 61
Exchange and Bullion.
Weather Report.
<12Cth _IertQ!an-rar'fie Time.1
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 4-3 p/fia.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
<Sate as compared with Jtjose of the same date j
jast se«yr-n. nr.d rainfall in laet 24 hour*:
Last | This Last
STATIONS. J24 Hour*; Season. jS«rf^o
Eureka j .... j S3. 13
lied BlutT j l.lt I «.S5 1 15.16
Bacrsmer.to : 0.14 I 11.52 I 1S.6K
fan Francisco.. ! <¦:.:• { 13.Ii! J 14.57
Frean* j o.<4 7.^4 ] g.jj
JndependeTT'e j 0.00 I 4.f,J | 2.09
Kan Luis Obispo l.fj 1 23.24 . U.SO
Ixij Anjreles ! o._I j J.Cl >4.67
BaaPteco I 0.20 | 4.6« s.ei
fcan h^ranclsco data— Maximum tenv«rature,
EZ; mitiimura, <2; niran. 47.
VEATHEH CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A *tcrm of considerable enerxy !s centra)
over California and will probably "move slowly
»-*5tWEjc". 'Jlie jtret-ture has fallen steadily
during the i»ast :4 hours and rain has fallen
uver the Slate.
A tainfall of lAH inches is reported at Red
Bluff. £outbwe*t Etorm wiirn!r._-s are dis
ji!ayod along th» ooast from Port Harford
northward, and advisory nirFgag<=» have been
s«»nt to all southern ports. The following max
imum wind vtloofues are reijorted: Sacra
mento. S6 mile* per hour, from the southeast;
Mount Tamiiiiiais 4D miles, from the south,
and In^ener-.denoe, 24 roil^f. from the south.
forecast mace at San Francisco for 30 hours
endii.fr midnight I-V-bruary i. 1&01 :
Northern failfornia — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Tuesday, with rain and enow in the
mounu.ir.s; brisk southeast wind in the vai
leys; hich southwef-t winds on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Tuesday; probably ra'n; brisk eoutij
erly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Tuesday, with rain or snow.
Utah— Cloudy, unsettled weather Tuesday,
with rain or sr.ntv.
Arixor.e — Cloudy, unsettled weather Tuesday,
with migw in the northern portion; rain in
the southern portion.
Pan Fr&n<*js;<*o and vicinity — Cloudy, un-
F'ttied weather Tuesday, with rain; brisk to
hirh Ecuth wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Fntwsft OffVial.
OMAHA. N>br.. Feb. | 4.— CATTLE— Receipts.
1400; active and steady; native beef steers. i $4Q)
5 40; Western steers, ; S3 70C< 60: Texas steers,
ISO'S 75; cows and heifers, WQi 10; canners.
OMAHA
SHEEP— Receipts, : 20.000;' sheep and Iambs,
steady: yearlings,,. {4 50@5 IB; good r.to choice
wethers. $3 90@4 SO; fuir to. choice ' mixed. J3 SO
C74; Western phcep. *3 SO0* W: Texas sheep,
!2 60??3 CO; native lambs, J4 30@3 30; Western
lambs, J5&5 25. ¦'- '•|T^rf^Tfiitffifi^JitT|VTiWmiB^
• IUW.5S— Receipts to-day. .,25,000; to-morrow,
25.000; left over. 3000:. market opened strong,
shade higher: closed easier; mixed and butch
era, J5 25©5 43: boo<1 " to choice heavy, ' J.". 35@
0 4:,; rough heavy. J3 20@3 30; light, $5 20®5 40;
bulk of Pales, ?5 30(55 40.
CHICAGO. Feb. 4.— CATTLE^Recclpts, 19,
000 head, including 400 head' Texan3V good to
choice steers, strong; others, steady; butchers'
i;tock nr.d Texar.s, stront: Rood to prime steers,
*•> 10(56; poor to medium. J3 50515; stockers and
feeders, $20-4 60; cows. ?2 6G04 20;, heifers. J2 75
©4 10: canners. J2®2 60;. -bulls. $2 7u@4 25:
calves. $4^6; Texas ft? 1 steers, |4£?4 SO; grass
ers, *3 .W/4: burls. ?2 5003 65.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Wheat, M.767.0C0 bushels, decrease 1.024.000
bushels; corn, 14.S23.0OO bushels: Increase 6SS
000 lniEhel«; oats, 9,923,000 bushels, decrease
223.0CO hushels; rye, l.llti.CCO bushels, decrease
10,000 bushpls; barley, 1,873.000 bushels, decrease
C6.000 bUEhels.
NEW YORK, Feb.- 4.— The. statement of tho
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday, February. 2. an compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
LIVERPOOL.
"Wheat— ' y-}-') '¦">'. • Mar/ May.
Opening* 6H 6 1
Closing 6 \i. 6 U
PARIS.
AYheat— Feb. Apr. -May.
Ofrf-nlnsr IS 95 20 13
Closing ...13 05 20.15
Flour — '
Opening- ....24 05 25 SO
Closing :..... .24 10 25 85
Visible Grain. Supply,
Hocking Coal 14>i
1,400 Hocking Valley 44V*
1>M HUnois Central v 12»'* \
2,li-) Iowa Central itf'j i
400 Iowa rentral prefd fcS',3 :
Lake Erie &, Western :..42 ]
Lake Erie A; Western prefd Ill (
Lake Shore ......t'iO I
£.9.100 Loui?v411e & Nashville i*2", j
47,100 Manliatlan Elevated 120*4 i
ti.~0<> Metropolitan Street. Railway lfi5 ;
12.5<j0 Mexican Cential IC
flOO Minneapolis &. £t Ix?uls tiy^-j, !
200 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd lOfBs !
14.2M Mifc«ouri Paciflc bOV» !
6.000 Mobile & Ohio ...: TO l j '¦
34. SW Misaiuri Kansas & Texas "GVi '
2S.7W Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 5S% i
New Jersey Central '. 152 !
U.SC8 New l'ork Central 141^ !
4>») Norfolk & Western 45!i i
Norfolk &: Western prefd S4',2 !
ri.S"O Northern Paciflc SiS'i '
2,6<*> Northern* Pacific prefd STVi i
lA'f) Ontario & Western 32V« i
Urepon ICailway & Nav 42 j
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 78 |
HJ.l'iO l'ennsylvania 147 : i |
S,7C«) Reading S^'i i
ll.«-0 Reading 1st pr<>fd 72 i
i<,2D0 R-aJing id prefd 42U j
Rio Grande Western 65 j
. Kio Grande Western prefd ,'. .' S2 !
7,1'K) St L<juIs & San Fran VI !
3u0 St Louis A ban Fran 1st prefd fcUVj j
4. W0 Si I»uis & San Fran 2i prefd Sifij (
S.400 St I^auls Southwestern "li*-i !
H.tvO St Louis Southwestern ;>refd 52 i
U.M0 St Paul 152
3'M St Paul prefd 1S2
St Paul & Omaha 133
112. W Southern Pacific 46» t !
62.100 Southern Railway 23 s * j
9.900 Southem Railway pref.l 'il\ I
37, VX) Texas & Pacific €&rs I
156,200 t'nion l'acirtc S:H* I
C.2U) Union Pacific prefd fc3>, |
fc.2OO IVabash 13S
13.Su>0 Wabash prefd 2S»»
4,000 Wheeling & Lake Krie 12l»
l,2(-0 WhcellnK <t l>ake Erie 2d prefd 'J:>>%
S-'*') Wisconsin Central 17U I
Third Avenue 120 )
2.1C-0 'Baltimore & Ohio prefd SG^ I
21.'X,tJ National Tube 64^ !
©•O National Tube prefd Uu j
Express Companies —
Adams 155 j
American 17J
United States 54 |
Wells Fargo 1S7 j
Miscellaneous—
1(0 Amtrlcan Cotton Oil 3'»i [
American Cotton Oil prefd S8V3 1
6C0 American Maltinsr 4*» ]
K"0 American Malting prefd 24
4.9W American Smelting & Refining E9'.i
20U American Smelting- & Ref prefd.... 98
American Spirits 2
American Spirits prefd J7 |
1,100 American Steel Hoop 23»i ]
£00 American Steel Hoop prefd 74
S3.300 American Steel & Wire 4tf$i i
7.S5M) American Steel & Wire prefd 60*4 !
3.fX«» American Tin Plate 55 : '» I
l.W) American Tin Plate prefd S7 |
0,300 American ToV>acco HD?i ¦,
American Tobacco prefd /..140 i
].(.i00 Ana'.-onda Mining Co 43^ !
LS,2(-<h llmoklyn Rapid Transit 80», !
S.7Cm Colorado F~uei & Iron 47% !
li,<«'!0 Continental Tobacco 45
€(.>0 Continental Tobacco prefd 95% !
37.W0 Federal Steel <6 r :»<
SS.SOO Federal Steel prefd 75U i
l<,-0 General Klectric 191 j
2GO Glucose Sutrar 4"*Vi
Grbcese Sugar prefd 56 i
7<X) Internationa! Pajxr 20^:
2.100 International Paper prefd ; 6J
S00 Laclede G«s 73 I
;&0 National Biscuit 3S l £ I
National Biscuit prefd. S3
200 National Lead 18% I
SOO National Lead prefd 89% I
3C.500 Nctionsl Stw! 44' s j
2.a»> National Steei j.refd P3 I
1.K00 New York Air Brake 1ZS !
1,400 North American 20'i j
Pacific «:or.st ' F3 l - 2 ,
Pacific Coast lf=t prefd 87- j
200 Pacific Ooast 2d prefd 63*4
2.100 Pacific Mai! 44 '
1 I*.S"O People's Gas 103 j
: Z.ZM Pressed Stepl Car Z7Y 2 |
2W Pressed Steel <?ar nrefd : 70'; ,
400 Pullman Palace Cut 199 j
Standard Ro^e & Twine 3*i '
19.2W Pucar -. 137H I
100 PuRsr prefd 119 I
8,fXO Tcnneyt*e «'oal & Iron 61Vi
«.2M United Ptntrs leather 13-
W0 United Mates leather prefd 74 s i
1.2W T'nited States Rubber 13", i
J.ono United States Rubber prefd f.ft** 1
5O«- Western Union 83% '
y.TM Amalgmated Ccjiper 80=4
3.600 Republic Iron &. Steel 15
2.200 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 5?*i
P O C & St Louis 61"!i !
1.4I3.^C0 Shares *r\<l.' : ~ i: * Jl i
CLOSING BONDS.
I IT S 2s ref n>g !05H|N Y C istR ..107%
I>o coupon lOSftlN J C jren 5s... i2S»i
V S Sa rt-t: 119 |N Parinc 3s 70TA
rj«. 3s coupon 11" i Do 4s 1<>5 6 « I
Do n«w 4s reg....l37'i N Y C & St L 4s..lOS% ]
Do 1 new 4s coup..137Vi!K & W ron 4s 101
I>n old 4s rec llSVOr Nav lsts 109 !
Do r>ld 4s coup. ..113'.-; -Do 4s 103»4
r»o £s ree llff>4iOr Short Line 6»..127'
r>o 5b coupon HO',1 Uo coa 5s 116V- '
DiFt of Col 3.63s. ..123 '. Reading gen 4s.... 94'*.
Atchlyon jcen <s....lO3'i,R O W lsts 93^4
Do adj 4j>... 91» 4 Pt I, & I M c<--n os.US'i
Panada So 2ds lin St L & S F gen 6s.i2S
tThes A- O 4>is KW^i-St Paul cons 1S5
I» "«¦.- lil'/j'Pt P C & P lsts...llS'i
Chi & N con 7s 133'.i; Do 5s.... :..1W»
Do S P deb JS...124 Ifl Paciflc 4s......:. S9',i
Chicago Term 4s... Pi^ijS Railway 5s llo?i
Colorado So 4s S2»« Stand R & T 63... 63
D & It G 4s 102'iiTex & Pac lsts 117
Erie sen 4s ?4U| Do 2ds S6
F W & D C Ists.. n% U Pacillc 4s m%
Gen Electric Bs....15'j% Wabash lstF 119?
Iowa Cent lsts 116 Do 2ds HVJ14
L & N unl 4s 1<H 'West Shore 4s 114
M IC & T 2ds 79 iWise Cent lsts R9Vi
Do 4s 07«4|Va Ccnturt** SS
\ MINING STOCKS.
j Adams Con........; MjLittlo Chief • 15
; Alice '...... 45 Ontario C 00
I Breece ..2 00 Ophlr ...:.. ft)
Brunswick Con ... 33 Phoenix •-'£%. (D
Oomstock Tunnel... 04!Potosl .."tit. 06
Con. Cal. and Va..l M Savage n
Deadwood Terra... 52 Klerra Nevada 35
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes. rs>
Iron Silver- 65 Standard .....4 16
Lcadville Con 00'
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— , . (Union Paciflc 89'.4
Call Loans £®4)Un)on Land 2V.
Time Loans 3S4j\\>st Knd 9js{
Stocks — - |^V»stlnKhse Elec... 55'i
Atch.. Tr-p.&StFe. 53H Wisconsin Cen. .. —
do prefd :.'...... 89>i Bonds- ' •.
American Sugar ».13"H Atchlson 4s ......102
' do prefd ........119 N.E. Gas, & Coke. €7
Bel! Telephone ..1G3 Mining Shares— •
Boston & Albany. 253 Adventure ..." '.. 10
Boston' Elevated.. — Anial. Copper .... 90>4
Hoston & Maine. .134 Atlantic 25»1
Chi., Bur. •& Q...145S4i Boston & Mont...3is'
Dominion Coal ... 34*i'Butte & Boston... &»
<Jo pr«?f<l ..;..;..10S*i|Brl{rham .......... I7?i
Federal Steel. .... 46% Calumet fz. IIecIa.ST.o'
• ¦ do. prefd ',,..... 73 Centennial ;.'&
Fltchburg prefd' ..141 Franklin '.. ..'.. i;u
Central Electric. — Humboldt «... 23"
do prefd ........153 Osceola .'... 8J
EJ. Elec. 111..".. -.234 Parrot : 47
Mexican Central. .34 Quincy ..1G6
j Mich. Telephone.. — S.inte < Fe Copper. C'i
N.E.-Gas & Coke. U'ilTamarack ....*..... 32^4
Old 'Colony 20S | Ctah J.IIning ..... 32»i
• >!<i Dominion .... 31%'WInona ' 51-,
Kubber 19% ! \V0lverine3 '43 .
New 1 York Money Market.
. NEW YORK, Feb. 4.— Money on call steady/
1%©2 per cei)tr prime mercantile .' paper. 3f/4
pcr.cent; sterling ; exchange firm." with actual
* . : — ___*
NEW YORK. Feb. 4.— FLOUR— Receipts! 37,
371 barrels; exports, 13. SOO barrels. Inactive
and rather weak, closing lower to sell. Winter
patents, ?3 65f 4; winter Etralghte, S3 43@3 65;
Minnesota patents. $4@4 25; winter extras." $Z 50
52 S5; Minnesota bakers', $3<SJ3 25; winter low
itrades, J2 45^2 Co. .'
WHEAT-Receipts, 140,000 bushels; exports,
243.CCO bushels. Spot— "U'eak. No. 2 red, 79%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 86%c
r. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 89%c f. o. b.
afloat. Options— Exceotlonally dull practically
ill day, burdened, by bearish weekly statistics,
b-.ver cables, short selling j .'and improved
weather conditions west. Closed weak, lie net
ieclice. March, 78 7-16©79 5-16c, closed 79<-ic;
May, 79} 4 <5Se',j,c, closed 79"ic; July, 73 7-1S®
ry? iC , closed 7aTsC.-
HOPS— Quiet. State— Common to choice, 1900
crop. 16fl21c; 1S99 crop, ll@15c; old olds, 2-ff6c.
Pacific Coast— 1300 crop, 13gl9c; lS93crop 10@
14c: old olds, 24f6c.
HIDES— Firm. Galveston, 20 to 25 pounds.
ls>i,;«iSo; California, 19c; Texas drv, 24 to 30
t«ur;d?, I5c.
WOOLr-Dull. Domestic fleece, 24 3 26c; Texas,
SIOAR— Raw, steady. -
COFFEK— Spot— Barely steady. No. 7 In
voice.. 7c. nominal; mild, dull"; Cordova. 8@
I2';.c. Futures— The market for futures closed
with rrices 5 to 15 points net lower. Total
sales w<>re 20.O00 bags. Including: March. $5 40
«5 <5; May. J5 55® 5 60; July. $5.63; September.
hi 7.">: November, *5 SO; December, $5 95.
LUTTTER— Receipts. SS50 packages; steady.
Creamery. 18rg21e; factory, UQH^c.
EGGS— Receipts. 8574 packages; firm. West
ern, at mark, ZOSZOHc; Southern, at mark,
19© 20c.
DRIER FRL'ITS. . .
EVAPORATED APPLES— Trading: in evapo
rated applp.3 was slow and of a hand-to-mouth
nrdtr. The undertone, however, was quite
«f-ac!y in sympathy with better country ad
vices, but prices remained unchaneed at 4%@
»=ic for State common; prime, 4»i@5c; choice,
JW4i'Gc. and fancy, 6(5 7c.
California dried fruits, . dull but steady, at
um-hanzed prices.
PRUNES— 3>,i@SHc per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS- Royal, 7%@7'/ic; Moorpark, S'i@
15c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 6HS10c.
Chicago Grain Market.
j{. *
CHICAGO. Feb. 4.-Wheat for the greater
part of the FesEir»n was dull. May opened
s i®i£c lo-ner at 75H^75^jc, under th^ Influence
of lewer cableB, heavy Northwest receipts ac
lurnulated since Friday and a bearish set of
world's statistics. A recovery to 75Hc took
l-lcce durincr the forenoon on buying by a
l-rominent ojioratcr and some purchases . by
scalpers. The market v.-as sustained at Uhls
recovery by a visible decrease of 1.C24.OOO bush
els and talk of export sales for a time, but
outside support was lacking and exportei3 re
ported only two loads taken and . May later
draped to 75@73Hc and closed heavy, *;c
lower, at 75V<c.
Corn- was quiet but remarkably firm in view
of the wheat weakness. The crowd was Ken
crally bullish on the small contract Mocks
ana. good cash demand for No. S. May closed
a shade higher at MU@39Hc
Tl-ere was enly a urr.all local trade in oats,
liut the market held firm, more from lack of
f filing: pressure than from, any demand. The
r-rmnfss with which gome alleged long lines
nrfc held still Influenced the market. May
iloF.ed a shade up at 2r»UG25%c.
Provisions were dull but firm on a light run
of hops. May pork closed Tfac higher., lard
7Vfc<- up and ribs 2^(SDc Improved.
The leading- futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat Na 2—
February 73 73 ~2% 7274
March 73"-i 73TJ 73^ 1Z%.
May 75H ~Z\i 75 75V 4
< uin No. 2—
February 37 37V» 37 31Vs
March 37*i 3SM, 37% 39
May 39'i S»»4 37 37V4
Oats No. 2—
February Illi 24H 24'/, 24V4
May ..: ." 25'4 25'i 25>i 4 25%
Mess Peril, per bbl —
February 13 s:v» 13 S2H 13 so 13 SO
May 14 00 14 10 • 14 CO 14 00
I,arrl. per 100 pounds —
February .' 7 42!4
March 7 45
May 7 SO 7 57^ 7 50 7 S2V4
Short nibs, ner 100 pounds —
February .... 6 90
May 7 C2»4 7 05 7 00 7 02^
Cash quotations were as follows: ! Flour,
iiull and easy: No. 3 gyrtnp wheat. 64%@71>4c:
No. 2 red. 74',i ( 275Vic: No. 2 corn. 37%c: Xo. 2
yellow/ 37?»c; No. 2 oats, 25®25\ic: No. 2 white.
2l I ?i, l 52$»Ac; No. 3 white, !»%©*SH$; No. 2 rye.
BO@62c: fair to choice malting barley, 57{?59c:
Ni. 1 flaxsepd. f\ 70: No. 1 Northwestern, $1 70
Sil 71>A: prime timothy seed, $4 43; mess pork,
I*r barrel. *13 SOffllS 85: lard, per 100 pounds.
it 42Vi<S7 45: short-rib sides (loose). $5 S0J?7 15;
dry Faked shbulders (boxed), J6 2.W6 50: short
rlf.ir Fides (boxed), $7 30S7 40; whisky, basis
of lilsh wine?, Jl 27; clover, .contract grade,
Sit 25'gll 40. .
Articles — R«*CPipt3. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 47,000 41.C0O
Wheat, bushela Kio.OOO . 101.000
Corn. l>ushPls <S!>4.000 . 402.000
Oats, bushels .614.000 . 271.0HO
Rye, bUFh^ls l«.«0O 6.000
Barley, .bushels ., 32.000 ¦ 27,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
mnrket was inactive; creamery. 14G21c: dairy.'
llffilSc. Cheese, dull, 10U©U?ic.- EgRS. -dull;
fresh. ISc. . .
MONDAT. Tib. 4— * t>. m.
BW.A»k.| BtdAaX
Alpha rj M'Jnstles .V....... 07 0*
*Jia 03 OoiKentuck «. 03
n ,d«» 07 091 Lady Wash — C3
i^cn"" 17 IS Maxican 23 »
Best & Belcher M 27 j Occidental ...^ C« 07
BulUon 03 04Ophlr «. 71 73
Caledonia ...... «7 tOlOverman 14 IS
Challenge Con.. 17 lSPotosl » 10
Choyar U 13;savao 17 V>
Coafldenc» ..... 70 73Scorpion >. — 0*
Con Cal & \a..l 60 t 65iS«ff B«lea«r.... Cl 03
Con Imperial... Cl C2 Sierra Xevadla. 17 1^
Con New York. .— 02 Silver H1U 43 44 :
Crown Point... 15 i7J3t Lcui« — l»:
F-ijreka Coa C6 —(Standard il>4 4>
t-xchequer — C2!Syndlcat« — 1O 1
Gould & Curry. 8* V), Union Con 29 2T-
Mali & Norcrs. 13 20jrtah C7 03
Julia — OS'Yellow Jacket. 11 U
CLOSDfO QUOTATIO^a
TW Best * B«leher 27jlC00 Povwt .....«..„ 19
400 Con Cal & V.I 6T4 Union Con.«... 23
8CO Ophlr. .^ 83 430 Union. Con Zi
lOOOslilr 70'
Afternoon Session.
100 Con Cal A V.1 57H 300 Ophlr ...,.....« $n
X00. Crown Point... 15 »0O Ophir e?
S0O Justice OS! 200 Sierra X*vsula. 12
SOO Mexican JS!
Morning 1 Session.
Following wer« th« sale* tn t&* FadSs Stock
Exchange yesterday:
100 Andes OTI 10O Slerr* 7?rr&6m. IT
300 Con Cal & Va..X «S| MO Union Coiu..... S3
1G0 Ophlr 68!
Afternoon Cession.
Silver higher. Exchange as before. >¦
Wheat a fraction lower. Barley dull.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay trading cJicckcd by the rain. Bran h'nn.
Beans firmly held at unchanged quotations.
Potatoes in excessive receipt and zirak. Onions steady.
Large stocks of Poultry from the East offering.
Butter advanced ic. Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Six cars of Oranges at auction brought higher prices.
Lemons and Bananas plentiful. Limes in light. supply.
Dried Fruit neglected at the eld quotations.
Xo change in Provisions.
Hide market reported in rather, better tone.
Meat market as prez-iously quoted.
Fair trading on the Iocdl Bond and Oil exchanges.
Grain Bags advanced a fraction.
Another advance in Salt reported.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
business In bankers' Mils at Jl SSU for de
n:an«l and $4 U% for sixty days: posted rates,
I > I -St.;?/ 4 SSVi and $1 S9; commercial bills, Jt S4@
; 4 S4 1 2 ; silver certificates, 62g63c; -bar silver.
I ?¦''<•<'; Mexican dollarn, 47Uc: Government
b-mdP. steady; State bonds,, inactive; railroad
bends, fain.
; London Market.
I LONDON. Fpb. 4.-AtchlFon, 62?i: Canadian
I Pacific, 91U; Union "Pacinc pref»rred. 80?;:
1 Northern Pacific, preferred. f?9%: Grand Trunk,,
I 1V1! Anaconda, STi. B ar . silver, Pteady", 2S'id
I per ounce. Money, 2\',<gi |>tr cent. .
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.— To-day's statement
j pr the Treasury balances in th<* general fund.
j exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
. <1. vision of redemption, nhov.-s: Available cash
j balance. JM3.067.1CO; . gold. $71,OC7.2SO.-
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
UNITED STATES BONDS.
MONDAT, Feb. 4— 1 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I tild.A»*.
4s quar conp..U3',iU4',4M« do cp (nev)137};i37«i
4s do rcg 113HU4>j!3s do coup. ...110 111
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
BayCoPCo Bs.105 — Oalc "Water 5s. — 102U
Cal-st Cab 5s. 116 — Ocemte B8 Bs. — 1» 1
C C Water 6s.ll« — Om C Ry «s..t2S T ' —
Ed 1/ Sc P 68.12S — Pao O Imp 4».10O ' —
F & Cl Ry 88.114^4 — P & C Ry 8S.105 —
Geary-st' R' 6» — - P&OP.RIl.- —
H C &* B 6«is.lOS^ — PoweU-st R 6.120& —
DoEa 104%— Sac E G&R 5s. — S9H
L A R 53... ..112 113 8 F& SJV 59.129 —
L A L Co. 6s. — 3 R of Cal 6sU9 —
Do gntd 63.. — — S P R of A es.llO&lllU
Do Ea — — 3 P C 6s (1903,
LAP RR. 59.101% — " 8«rie« A)~..VL0 110%
Market Cab 6».1»« — - Do Serlea B)lll I —
Do 1st M os.122' — Do (1906) 113 —
N C N-<i R-7s — 113% Do (1912) 122 —
N R of Cal .63.112 — SPHKtr Bs.107 IC8V3
Do Gs ......119%— 8 P B RC6sl31% —
N P C R R «3.10!^i — 8 V Water 63.114ii —
-Do 53 103 — Do 4s U03 —
N Cal Ry5s.llO%lliM Do'Sd mtg..l03 —
O G L & H 5s.m% — Stktn Gas 6S.103 10«
Oak Tran 6s.ll4 115
. WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 6S%59%f Spring Valley. 93 —
Marin County. 52V£»— I •
¦ GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & PCo 2«i' 4 IPac L Co. 42^.44%
E<jult G L Co. 3 3»i|Bac EG&RCo- 37V»
Mutual El Co. 7-4 7>i 8 F G & E... 48% 48&
.O G L & H... — SOU San Francisco. 4H 4 V»
Pac Gas Imp: 44 43 i Stktn G & E. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
¦Flrem's Fund.230 — i
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 77 — Lon P & A.... 143 —
Bank of Cal.. 410 — Merchants' Ex 16 •—
Cal S & D T..NKH107 . S F Nat Blc.120 123
First National — 312%
SAVINGS BANKS.
GerS & L.... — 1850 Sav & L So...— — .
Hum S & L.. — — Sec Sav Bk 273 —
J.lut Sav Bk— 50 — Union T Co.... — —
B F £av U....610 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....133 — |O S L & H... 40 —
Geary-st . 47% — Presidio 17% 20
Market-st 6S% (9 \
POWDER STOCKS.
California' ....150 — Vlgorlt Z% 2*L
Giant Con Co. fc2% 83%
SUGAR • STOCKS.
Hana S P Co Sli STi.Kllauea S Co. 21% 21%
Hav,- C & S Co — 87%!Makawell S Co42 —
Honakaa S Co 30?; 31 1 Onomea S Co.. 28 29
Hutch S P Co. 26Va 27 I Paauhau S Co 32% 32%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.l2S 127 Oceanic SS Co.101% —
Cal Fruit Asn. — 103 Pac A F A 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac Bor Co. ...155 —
iler Ex Asn.. 93 — Par Paint Co.. 12% —
MornlDS Session.
Beard—
CO Hana Plantation Co 9 25
75 Hana Plantation Co. 9 CO
V0 Honokaa fc» Co 31 CO
45 Kilauea SugaT Plantation Co 21 25
$LCOO Los Angeles Ry 5s bonds 112 50
125 Makawell ' 42 12%
$3,000 Northern Ry Of Cal Bs bonds 12v> 00
25 Paauhau S P Co 32 25
.60 Pacific Gas Imp 44 00
v 30 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 73
63 S F Gas &. Electric Co 4$ CO
£0 S F Gas & Electric Co. 43 12%
Street— - • .
• 10 Giant Powder Con 83 00
I1.CK-0 Hawaiian C & S Co 5a 104 BO
$1,000 Los Angeles Ry 5s bonds .....112 50
$lff,€00 Northern Ry of Cal 6s bonds. .....120 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
70 Hana Plantation Co 8 73
23 Oceanic S SCo 10175
5 Spring Valley Water 92 25
i:0 Spring Valley Water 92 00
i Stre*t—
ICO Giant Powder Con.... S3 00
5 Makawell 42 12%
40 Spring Valley Water.: S3 25
PRODUCERS' Oil, EXCHANGE.
Mernlng Session.
Board— q
6C0 Cala-Standard 3T
250 Caribou • 84
110O Four Oil Co 63
250 Home Oil 4 25
250O Independence 19
20 Kern Oil Co 1162%
100 Lien Oil Co 22
E0O McKlttrick Consolidated 15
125 Uonarch of Arizona 84
Of* Monarch of Arizona. 1 SS
8W Monarch of Arizona 85
200 Monte Cristo 2 45
.250 Monte Cristo 2 50
100 Monte Cristo 2 47%
200 Occidental of W Va €8
SCO Occidental of W Va 63 -
SOO Occidental of W Va 70
3 Oil City Petroleum S5 0i>
TO Peerless.. - 8 S7%.
"GOO Petroleum Center 23
f.00 Petroleum Center 23
1000 Reed Crude Oil Co 63
SOO Reed Crude* Oil Co 70
SO San Joaquln Oil & Dev 13 50
E0O Superior 30
3GO Yukon • • ¦ Si
Afternoon Session.
Board— .'.'.';,
700 Aetna -. «
lffl American Fuel 27
75 Caribou SO
1CA El Dorado 2 25
2900 Four Oil Co 60
200 Four Oil Co, S 30 60
G00 Four Oil Co • 59
773 Home Oil ..' • 4 25
fiOO Lion Oil Co 23
200 Lion Oil Co 24
fiO Lion Oil Co ... > 22
10CO McKittrick Consolidated 10
27 McKittrlck Consolidated 05
400 Monarch of Arizona 85
500 Monarch of Arizona 84
¦ EO Monte Crtsto , 2 50
1(V) Occidental of .W Va 72
ICO Occidental of "W Va.. .....: 7t
1 Oil City Petroleum ....'. 25 00
1CC0 Petroleum Center S3
1000 Petroleum Center • 23
260O Heed Crude Oil Co \ 70
li)0 Rex .........J.... ." 85
20 Pan Joaquln Oil & Dev.. 13 50
10 Sterling O & V Co ..'. 3 25
COO Puperlor. Z..'. 30
ISO Twenty- Eight i 2 23
5C3 Wolverine ...: ; 167%
- CLOSING QUOTATION'S.
MONDAY. Fieb. 4— 2:3» p. m.
MINING STOCKS.
' " Follo-c-inRT ¦were the sales In ; the San Fran-
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
£00 Best & Belcher -2« 250 Ophlr .... <e»
1000 Chollar ..<-...... 11 3CO Ophlr ...... "* ii
10CO Con Cat & ,Va..l55 400 Overman. .. "*" i\
-200 Crown Point... 15 10O Potosl .- •-"-"- m
;10O Hale & Norcrs. 19 2C0 Sierra Nevada*" 17
-.SCO Mexican .: 26 200 Sierra ¦ Nevada* l«
100 Mexican ....... 27) 200 Yellow Jacket" 18
There was & fair business on the morning
session ' of the Bond Exchange. Trith an ad-
in Gas and Electric to $47 75®43 12^.
On the morning 1 session of the Oil Exchange
there was a good business, pretty evenly dis
tributed among -the -landing stock*, with, ad
vanced prices Tor .Caribou and Occidental of
West Virginia.
The Onomea Sugar Company will pay a div
idend of 2»c per shar» to-day. . .
The Paauhau Sugar Company ha* declared
a dividend of 30c per share, payable on tha
11th. ¦ - -
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Flour, qr sks 8.1C0 Onions, sks 12»
Oats, ctls 720 Bran, sks j •»<»
Potatoes', sks .8.701 Middlings, 8ks.... 118
EASTERN.
Oats, cUs.. ....... 1.000
OREGON.
FOR MONDAY. FEBP.UART 4.
Flour, qr sks..... 23,617jBroomcorn balei 163
Wheat, ctls 24,330 Pelts, bdls. 162
Barley, ctls 33,145 Hides. No 305
Oats, -ctls 2,300 Chicory, bbia 95
Corn,, ctls 1,200 Ume, bbls 455
Beans, 6k*. 2,546 Wine, gals :37.$00
Potatoes, sks 7,165 Brandy, gals;..... 5.100
Onions, sks 343 Raisins, bxs 2*575
Rye. ctls • 3S0 Leather, roll* 225
Bran. *ks .' 6.173 Quicksilver, fleks ' 985
Middlings, sks.... 9Sr,!Su«car, ctls 2,550
Hay. tons 1,07" Tallow, ctis 209
Wool, bales 128
Receipts of Produce.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, Feb. 4.— Wheat was half a cent
lower. Bluestem, CSc; club, 65^£c.
PORTLAND, Feb. 4.— In the Portland wheat
market to-day exporters were generally quoting
around 55c for Walla Walla, although 55^c was
obtainable when wheat wa3 wanted. There Is
very little offering at these prices. Cleared—
German bark Hassla. for Queenstown, with
07.734 bushels of wheat.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Feb. 4.— Clearings, $438,459; bal
ances, JC3.416.
Portland's Business.
LONDON, Feb. 4.— The offerings' at. the wool
auction ?ales to-day amounted to 94S3 bales.
The attendance, was smaller than usual and
the tone <Uiiet. A fair selection was put for
ward, but^ ' there was lesa competition and
buyers did not display any eagerness to secure
suitable lots. Prices were not quotably lower.
Oross-breds sold readily to the home trads and
Continent.
London Wool Sales.
CLOSING.
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast), steady,
£0 15s. ,
WHEAT— Spot, firm but dull; No. 1 Califor
nia. €s 4d; No. 2 red Western winter. 6s >id;
No. 1 , Northern spring, 6s 4d. Futures, quiet;
March. 6s- Hd; May. 6s »jd.
CORN— Spot, ' quiet: American mixed new,
3s 10d; do old. 3s ll>£d. Futures, dull; Febru
ary. 3s E B «d; March. 3s 9%d; May. 3s 9Hd.
FLOLTR— St. Louis fancy winter steady, 8s
cd. :
LONDON. Feb. 4.— Consols, 97: silver,
23. 3-16d;, French rentes, 102f 20c; wheat car
goes on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1
standard California, 3t?s 3d; Walla Walla, 29s;
¦Englieh- country markets, quiet: imports of
wheat into United Kingdom, 156,000 qrs: do
flcur. 202,000 qrs; wheat and flour on passage
to United Kingdom, 2,870,000 qrs; do Continent,
SSC.COO qr8. ¦
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 4.— Wbeal, quiet: No. 1
standard California, 6s 3l6d<f?6s 4d: wheat In
Paris,, quiet: flour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, steady; weather- In England,
cold.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 7-16d. /
Foreign Markets.
NEW ,TORK, Feb. 4.— On the opening the
cotton market was quiet, and 5 points higher
to 1 point lower. For the rest of the fore
noon business was light, with the shorts alone
showing a positive.- attitude. The market
finally was quiet and Eteady, with prtceu un
changed to '9 points higher.
Nkv York Cotton Market.
JCEW YORIC. Feb. -4.— Humor bad It In local
commercial circles -that Bessemer plgiron at
Pittsburg had -advanced from $12 "5 to !13 In
thfl valley, but this was denied by, reliable
sources here receiving direct Information from
Plttsburc and the figure remains at $12 ">. The
local: iron market was dull and featureless, at
$9 EO5T10 50 for» plgiron warrants: Northern
foundry, $15fT16 50; Southern foundry, $11 50®.
35 To, and soft Southern $I3'u'lo 73. English
markets, however, were slightly . lower «t
Glasgow and Mlddlesborn, closing at 53s 3d
and -<7s respectively. Without any stimula
tion tin advanced about 20 points In sympathy
with a rise in. London of £1 10s. . It. ruled
quiet, however all day and closed quiet but
firm. at. $26 50. Copper was without important
r.ew feature and was nominally uuoted at $17
for I^ake Superior and $16 62Vi for casting, and
electrolytic.. Lead and spelter ruled dull and
unchanged. w!lh trading nlow on the basis
of $1 C7Vi and $4©4 P5 respectively.
New York Metal Market.
$1 75@2 90; stockers ' nnd feeders, $3 25®4 60;
calves. -$4 £0@7; bulls,* stags; etc.; $2 50@4. \ -
- HOGS— Receipts, ' 4000; 6&V-C higher; heavy,
$5 30@3 3j; mixed, $5 30{T5 32%; lteht. $5@5 32ij;
Pigs, H'M 75; bulk of sales, . $5 20Q5 32»4. -•/ ,
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000; strong; lambs, weak:
yearlings,"* $4 4^4 70; muttons. • $4@C50; com
mon and: stock sheep, 13 P5@3 85; lambs, $4 50@
-.. BAGS— San . Quentln Baes. $3 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July, G^c; local make.
6HciVWool Bags. 30@32',4c; • Fleece "Twine. .7>Jc!
' . COAL^-Wellington, .* $S «¦¦ jjer - ton; ; teouthacia
Wellington; $9;, Seattle. $7; Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay. $3 60; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walla
end, $S; Cumberland.; $12 in bulk <and $13 25 in
sacks r Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14 ; | Caa
nel. J10 per ton; Coke. J15 per ton In bulk and
»1S In sacks; Itocky Mountain. descriptions, $8 4i
per- 2000 lbs and %% 50. per' ton. according to
brand.' ¦;¦ ' ¦¦' '- '. -' - -"• •• ; •¦•
- SUGAR— The" Western Sugar .'Reflninr Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags: . . .
. Crushed." 6.26c : • Powdered. 5.S5c; Candy Gran
ulated, a.SJc; Dry Granulated, .-, 6.75c; Confec
tionersV'A.'5.75c; Magnolia; A, 5.35c; Extra C
6.25c; Golden"C,,E.15c;; barrels, 10c -more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more: 50- lb bags,
10c? more. ¦ No ; orders I taken' for less than. 75
barrels or Its . equivalent. .. D01r.lr.0s, half-bar
re'»,;f'flc:'boxes. 6.7SC; per lb.; -
; SALT— A general advance In tho local prod
uct 13 reported.. ¦ . , .
General Merchandise.
Prices for all descriptions remain as pre
viously quoted. ':'¦'• - : i.^. • •
BEEF-JgSo for Steers and 6®7%o per lb
for Cowb. , .,¦ ........
VEAL— Large, 768c; small, 3c per lb. '
, MUTTON— Wethers. 9^@i0c; Ewes, 939%c
per lb. ; - *• ¦'
LAMB— 10@llc per lb; Bprlnp, 12V4e per lb
PORK — Live Hogs." 6©6VgC ' for small and 6©
6%c | for medium and 1 5%i35%c f qr - large ; etock
Hogs, 5S5»4c; feeders, S^igSHc; dressed Hogs,
:%09c. ¦¦ _ -;¦.-:¦;.. .;- ¦;,.. . .
•' ¦'¦ General, Merchandise.^ • '¦:
San Francisco Meat Market.
H115ES AND SKINS-Culis ami brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Stppn*
9Vi@10c; medium, 9c; light; SfgS^c; Cow Hides'
M^c f«r heavy and &S8^c for light: Stags. fi$n
6'^c: Salted Kip. Sc: Salted Voal. n® 10c: Salted
Cnlf. 10c: Dry Hides, lfie: Culls. 14c; dry Kip
i:.tfH6c; Dry Calf, K><S17c: culls ami brands!
14(5 15c: Sheepskinp, " shearlings, 20®.Wr» " each ;
short Woo'. 30!f],">0c each; medium. &5tf&75c; lonff
Wool. 75c(^$l tach; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50^
2 7R for larKfi and $2ifi2 £> for medium, ?1 23 for.
small and 50c for colts: Horse Hldr*:, rtry. $1 75
for large. $1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and
Me for colts. Deorskins— Summer or red skins,
33c; fall or medium skins. 30c; wfnter or thin
skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angora3, 75c;
laree-an<l smooth. 50c: medium, 25c. .
TALLOW — No. 1> rendered, 4!5c per lb; ICo.
2, 4c; grease, 2i@2%c.
WOOL— Spring Clip Is quotable as follows-
Northern, free. 15#lGc; Northern, defective i"ja
14c, Middle County, free, 15<&16c: Middle Coun
ty . defective. •¦.12©14c: Southern Mountain iu
months', 3@10c.: Southern Mountain, free 7
months', >ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective
7 months', 9@Uc: Humbpldt and ilendodno ifi
gl7c; Nevada. 13*3 16c per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin,"6Va0Sc: do lambs. SS
9c: Middle County. 9@10c; Xorthern Mountain
free, lCHfJllc: Southern Mountain. . 7y.$f8u>c*
Humboldt and Mendocino. ll@12c per lb. '" '
HOPS— 13@16c per lb; from second hands 16®
20c are the asking prices.-
. The circular of W. Tt. Sumner & Co. says:
"Wet salted Hides show a good demand, with
ready sales. Grubby stock, however, is neg
lected, and salable only at very low figures.
Dry Hides are in demand and yiell freely. Salt
ed Horse Hides find ready sale at advanced,
prices, but dry are neglected. Deerskins are
on a good selling basis and go off frrely. Goat
skins also sell rf-adily. It is difficult to srli
Sheepskins, owing to the depression In wool."
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll@HUc. per lb for
heavy. HV4@12c for light medium, 12HS12c for
HiCht 13>.i«jnie for extra light and 13®15%c for
Eupar-curei; Eastern sugar-cured Hams,
12c: Mess Beef. $12 per barrel; extra Mess, $13-
Family. $14: extra Prime Pork. $13@15 50;. extra
clear, Jl» 50S20; Mess. JIT; Smoked Beef. 13c
Pe LAUD— Tierces quoted at CKflGKc per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half- barrels, pure
9Uc; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins. 9T4c
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, i^ c; t h r e e
half- barrels. 8c: one tierce. 7T»c; two tierces,
7?»c; five tierces'. 7%c per lb.
Hides! {fallow, Wool and Hops.
There. Is nothing new to report.
The market Is still neglected and • feature
less.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c;
£0-40;, 7c: 40-50S. 6V4c; 50-CCs, 4«-ic; 60-7Cs, 3};c:
70-SOs. 3'>ic; S0@90s, 3%c: 90-100s, 2UC; 1M-120S.
lV4c; rubles, "lie premium: Sonomas, %c and
San Joaqulns, Me less than Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same. Apri
cots, 6@ Sc for Royals and 10010^0 for Moor
rarks: Evaporated Apples, 4SoHc: sun-dried,
iu«2^c- Peaches. 3@4c for standard. 3V4@5c for
choice and 6H5?6%c for fancy; Pears, i@~c,
Plum3. pitted, 5@6Hc; unpitted. l^l^c; Nec
tarines. 5®5Hc for red and 5H@6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb;. choice, lie:
standard, 10c; primp, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10>4c per
lb; choice, 9%c: standard. S^c; prime, Sc; un
bleached Sultanas, Sc; Seedless, EO-lb boxes,
gi^, C ; 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, 6Hc; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand. 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 5V»e. and
4-crown, &Hc; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy.
.16-ounce. 7c; 12-ounce, EV4c;' choice, lS-ounce,
f,%c: 12-ownce. 5Hc; London Layers. 2-crown.
$150 per box: 3-crown. ?1 60; Fancy Clusters.
»2; Dehesa, t£ EO; Imperial, $3. All prices f.
0 b at common shipping points In California
'NUTS— Chestnuts. 8Q-10C per lb for Italian;
Walnuts. No. 1, softshell, 10c: No. 2. 7'.4c: No.
1 hardshell. 9%c: No. 2. 7c: Almonds. I2@13c
for papcrshell. 9311c for softslrell; Peanuts 5
@6c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filbert3
I3c; Pecans, ll@13c: Cocoanuts, $3 SCg-5.
HONEY— Comb, 13%G14VsiC for bright and tZ%
«Jij3c for -light amber; water white extracted
7«iaSc; llcht amber extracted, 6H®7c; darl:,
e^OHc r« lb. •
BEESWAX— 24SCCc r*r lb.
Provisions. ":'¦'
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. tVQZ: Feed
lings, 50c@$l; Tangerines, 73c@$l 50: Mandarin*.
Vjcuxjl: LemoM, L'Sc&ti 25 for common and $1 SO
"82 for good to choice; Grape Fruit. $1©2: Mex
ican Limes, J55J5 50; California Limes, 253&Cc;
Bananas. S0c®$l 50 per bunch; Pineapples, locif
$1 per dozen.
Six cars of Oranges were sold at the auction
at the following prices: Fancy Navels. $1 S5®
2;. choice do, $1@1 60; standard, 75c@l 10; Seed
lings, 80@35c; Tangerines, in half boxes, $1 50®
1'8J.
. The market continues well supplied with
Oranges, Lemons and Bananas. Limes con
tinue In ligrht supply and firm, and the tame
may be said of choice Apples. \
itEViDVOUS FKU1T8—
APPLES— R5@65c ptr box for common. 75c@
$1 50 for good to choice and $1 "38>2 for fancy.
PEARS— 65cip*l 50 per box.
CRANBERRIES— Wlsccrislns, $13 50 per bar
rel. '
Vcciduous and Citrus ;Fruifs.
Dairy— Extras, ISc; firsts, 15c; seconds. 14c;
store, lie. .
Storage— Creamery extras, l^j — ;' firsts,-. ;
seconds. ; dairy extras. - — , .
Pickle, — - per pound. : ¦ -•• ,• V •
Kep. .per. pound- -.¦'.¦¦¦¦ ' ;
CHEESE— 'Fancy, full, cream, lie:, choice,
S\ic; common, nominal; Youns Americas, ll%e;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16&c per lb.
EGiJS— • ¦ (>. " • - - • •
California .ranch— Selected, white, 23c; mixed
colors. . 22c per dozen. - ¦¦, • . • '¦
California gathered— Selected, 22c; standard,.
— -; .seconds, . . . - ¦
Fresh Eastern— Fancy. - — ; standard. ;
seconds, — -. • * • '..'¦ '
Storage — California- fancy, ; standard, — - -.
Eastern fancy, ; standard,. — -;'¦ seconds.
Cheese showed no f change. beinev steady.
Eggs were no lower, but receipts ¦ ivere large,
and tho market was quoted weak, with accu
mulating stocks. •' - . • ¦ ' • ¦ ¦ ¦¦ -; ¦
Receipts, as reported by the Dairy Ex
change, were 37,600 pounds Butter. 1139 cases
Eggs and 8S3S pound- Cheese.
HUTTKR- . . .,,;«¦ ¦ ¦
Creamery— Extras. 21c; -firsts, 19c; seconds.
The best grades of Butter were marked »&
lo yesterday and were quoted ,flnn on, tho
Exchange. The lower grades still dragged,
under free stocks. . . • • .
ArrtTals of • Game were ICO ek«, and quota
tions for most descriptions were weak.
The week opened jvlth half a dozen cars of
Eastern on the market, and sales were at low
prices, as ¦ follows: .Live Turkeys. ICKiISc;
Duqks, $5; 'Hens, young- Roosters and Fryers,
J4E0; ohl Roosters, $4. Local- Poultry was
neglected and demoralized.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9®llc for Gob
blers and 115112c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
13!g!14c; Geese, per pair,. S1-75S2; Goslings,
$1 i'ft<ijz; Ducks. $4®! for olrt and STUB i»" r«r
young; Hens, $3 50®4 60; Young Roosters. $4 50;
Old : Roosters, ?3 E0@<; Fryers, $4 50@5;
Hrullf rr>. $ »5»4 50 (or large and $3@3 E0 tor
Brr.all; Pigeons. $1®1 25 per dozen lor old and
$2 f,0W2 75 for Squabs. • ¦ ".•
GAME^-Qwall, $1@1 25 for Valley nnd $2 25 for
Mountain; Mallard, $2 G0@3; Canvasback. $150
(ff4; Sprip, $2@2 DO; Teal. $1 25ftl M; Widseon,
$1 25@1 50: Small Duck, $1«J1 25:- Black Jack,
$1(31 25; Gray Geese, $3; White. Geese, $101 50;
Brant, $1 SO for small and $2 for large; Hon
kers, $304 50; English Snipe, *2f.«*f3; Jack
Snipe," fl 50; Hare, $1©1 25; Rabbits. Jl 25®.
1:60 for Cottontail and- $1' for Brush: Doves.
75c per dozen; Wild Pigeons sold at ?l 2531 50
per dozen. . . .
-Butter, Cheese and Eggs. , . :
Poultry and Game.
Mexico. S2 25@2 EO per • crate; Egg Plant, Los
Angeles, 8!g20c per 1b; Green Peppers;" Los An
geles, 15c I per lb for Chile and 20c for Bell ;
Dried Peppers. 9@Uc;. Dry Okra, 10@15c per lb;
Carrots, . 25©35c per. box: Hothouse Cucumbers,
— — per dozen: Summer Squash, $1 "vGii per
box: Garlic. S@4c perlb: Marrowfat Squa3h,
J12S20 per ton; Mushrooms,- 5@15c per lb.
THE SAN TRA]SCISCO:;CALL, TUESDAY; FEBRUARY 5, 1901.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
8
New York Grain and Produce.
STOCKS.
I Bid.
I Asked.
American Fuel & Oil Co 27 23
Rtuo Goose 1 23 —
Buckhorn — 3 50
Burlington - ¦" — ".¦ 15
Bear Flag . 48 —
Black Jack 143 —
California-Standard 38 S3
Caribou- .•• 83 —
California Oil & Gas.., 1 50 — •
Central Point Oon "»..-* 2 89
Centennial — 100
El Dorado .....: 2 !5 2 85
Four;. 60 61
Hanford : — 122 00
Hanford. Fresno. K«rn River.. — 33 -
Home 4 23 4 30
Homcstake — . 10 60
Independence i IS —
Junction '• — 86
Kern 1123 1175
Kern River 17 00 13 00
Lion Oil Co......'.".: .22 ¦ 25
Monarch of Arizona ". 55 —
Monte Cflsto 2 45 2 50
Occidental of West Virginia... 73 75
Petroleum Center. 23 23
Peerless '.•..' ..'..... 8 50 9 00,
Producers' & Consumers' — 10 50
Pltti-bur* ....:...; 40. _
R*ed Crude 63 73
Rex ..,...: — • 65
San Francisco & McKlttrick.. — " 2 00
Shamrock - — . . 80
Superior -C. - 23 30.
Sterling O & D Co... 3 25 3 K
Senator .w. — 2 23
Thirty-three Oil 12 SO 1273
Twenty-eight ¦• 2 20 ,2 23
Wolverine — 1 *7t4
W'estlake. .22 24',
Westshore '• — • — . .473'
STOCKS.
I Bid.
I Asked.
American Fuel & Oil Co 27 23
Rtuo Goose 1 23 —
Buckhorn — 3 50
Burlington - ¦" — ".¦ 15
Bear Flag . 48 —
Black Jack 143 —
California-Standard 38 S3
Caribou- .•• 83 —
California Oil & Gas.., 1 50 — •
Central Point Oon "»..-* 2 89
Centennial — 100
El Dorado .....: 2 !5 2 85
Four;. 60 61
Hanford : — 122 00
Hanford. Fresno. K«rn River.. — 33 -
Home 4 23 4 30
Homcstake — . 10 60
Independence i IS —
Junction '• — 86
Kern 1123 1175
Kern River 17 00 13 00
Lion Oil Co......'.".: .22 ¦ 25
Monarch of Arizona ". 55 —
Monte Cflsto 2 45 2 50
Occidental of West Virginia... 73 75
Petroleum Center. 23 23
Peerless '.•..' ..'..... 8 50 9 00,
Producers' & Consumers' — 10 50
Pltti-bur* ....:...; 40. _
R*ed Crude 63 73
Rex ..,...: — • 65
San Francisco & McKlttrick.. — " 2 00
Shamrock - — . . 80
Superior -C. - 23 30.
Sterling O & D Co... 3 25 3 K
Senator .w. — 2 23
Thirty-three Oil 12 SO 1273
Twenty-eight ¦• 2 20 ,2 23
Wolverine — 1 *7t4
W'estlake. .22 24',
Westshore '• — • — . .473'
OCEA2I TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
-\ , " Eteastera leave Broadway
ffct wharf, San Francisco.
1??*>%-^ I '" Dr Alaskan Ports— 11 a. ra
H .V^^fJ-^ Feb - 5 ' 10> U - :o - I5 - iJ a-^^ ~
jl *g«»^jfty^ Cha,nv< to company's stearner-
I BltwBJffiq Tor Victoria. VancotiTer CB.
I aC-SSr^S^iil C.). Port Towns*r.d. S?att!».
ilf^^BfflESH Tacoma. EreT«tt. Anacorte*
and New "Whatcom IWai.)-
~"* 11 a. a.. Feb. 5. 19. 15. 20. 25.
March 2. and every fifth day thereafter. Chang*
at Seattle for this company's steazsera far
Alaska and O. N. Rt.: at Seattle or Tacoxaa
to K. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
Tor Bureka. Hnmboldt "Bay— 2 p. m.. Feb. 2,
7. U. 17. 22, 27. March 4. and erery fifth dar
thereafter.
For Ban Dfeyo. stopping only at S*nta Bar-
bara. Pert Lea Anirele- and Redoodo (Zioa An.
sel«3> — etearaer Queen. Wednesdays. J a. m. ;
eteaxner Santa Rosa. S'inday«. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San EIraeon, Ca7-
ucoa. Port Harford (Fan Lois Obispo). Qavi-
ota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Ilueneme. San.
Pedro. East - San P- !ro (Lcs Ans*t*s> and
Newport— Stfamer Corcna, Fridays, 9 ju m. :
Btoamer Bonif*. Tuesdaya. 9 a. m.
For Er.«enaia, Ma«r1.»'ena Bay. San Jrms del
Cabo. Mua'.San. Altatst. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Gcaymaa tilci.) — 10 a. m.. "th eaeh month.
" For further informatica cbtain ccspaay'a
folders.
Tho coxnpanT reserves the right to chane*
Fteamers. sailing date, and hours cf sailing,
without pr^vlrm* Tsotl»~.
TICKET OPPICE-4 New ilsntgcraery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. FEF-KIXP & CO.. Ger>- Asrts..
10 Market »*.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
CISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
I 3 OPt r X 1 X J -A.?SriD
From Spear-street 'Whar; at 11 a. m.
CADC * 12 First Class Including Bert^t
f AisC 53 Second Class arjd Meals.
COLUMBIA Patls Feb. ?. II. 23. Mar. 4
GKO. "W. ELDER Sails.... Feb. 7. 17. 17. Mar. •>
Short Line to Walla "Walla. Spokane, Cutt».
Helena and all points in the Northwest,
"trough tickets to nil point- 'East.
• E. C "WAJU>, General AK^nt.
639 Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
nfT First and Brari-ian streets, at 1 p. m..
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiog-o). Nagasaki and Shanshal. and
connecting- at Honsfcon? witji steamers for
India, etc. No cargo recelTed on board, oa day
of saitlnr-
ES. NIPPON MARTT
Tuesday. February 13. 1301
PS. AMERICA MART7....Frl<_ay. March 15, 1301
ES, HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. Arril 9. 13C1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freljrht and passage apply at company's oOcp,
421 Market wtreet. corner First.
¦NKv "W- h - AVERT. General Agent.
._______-_——————-—————— — _ _____ . __________
AMERICAN LINE.
HIT TORK. BOUTHASIPTOJr, L0SD05. PASIS.
Stopplntr at Cherbounr. westbound.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday. 19 a. tn.
Kemrtntton .....Keb. 13TVaderland ....March •
Pt. liouis Feb. 20| St. Louis. ......March 13
New York Feb. 27lNew Tork _larcn23:
RED STAR LINBi
N*W York and Antwerp. '
From Ne» Torle Every "Wednesday, is soon.' •
Kensington Feb. is Southwark ...March tl
Noordland. Feb. 30 Westernland ..March. 1.1'
Friesland Feb. 27 Kea«!nartoa ...March 20 '
INTERNATIONA!, NAVIGATION COMPAXT*
CHAS. X>. TATLOR.
General A^ent Pacifio Coaat.
80 Montgomery street. ..
occaaics.s.co.;s^s
S3. AUSTRAIJA. for Tahiti ._...„....
Friday. February S, 4 p. m, •
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, 5T«-«r
Zealand and Australia. . '
"Wednesday. February 13, at 9 p. ra,
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
....Saturday, February 13, 2 p. m.
J. 0. SPHECKELS k BSQS. CO., Gxwrai Jjants. 327 Hzrltt SI I
Eia'I Paasngw Gtfica, 843 Harktt St.. Pisr Ha. 7. P_a& St '
i%wv-iiiww _-¦¦¦>¦ BERA p I^ 4000 Ton3
Monthly saillnf: for Valparaiso and Hambure
rla Mexican ports. Central. South America, etc. i
EESOSTniS SAILS ABOUT February 6. 1301.
J. D.SP-ECIELS k m%. CO., fisusral Assits. 327 Harist St
Eeo'I Passeostr OtScs, 643 Marist St., Pier lo. 7, PtoS: SI
COMPASNIS GEHXHALB TRAMSATLASTiQUS.
DIRECT LTNE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _«____.
Salllns: every Thursday. Instead oi ¦^flPPf^
Saturday, a: 10 a. m.. rrom Pier C, ~5«_»_1
>'orth Klver. foot of Morton street First class
to Havre. $55 and upward. Second class to
Havre, {43 and upward. GENERAL, AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AJJD CANADA. 33
Broadway <Hudson building). Ne-«r Torlc J
F. FUGAZI & CO., Paciflc Coast Acent*. S
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets'
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
PANAMA 1 R, 5 S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direc f
Cabin. S1O5; Steera;-, "^IO.
S. S. ABQYLL sails February 5.
S. S. EOA2TOKE tails February 19.
S. S. ST. PAXTL sails Maxell 5.
From wharf, foot of Fremont st., «t 1 p. m.
Freight and pa*seny<!r offlce. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Paclflo Coast Ageat.
PACI7I0 STEAK HAVI5ATI0W CO. AITO
C0MPAH1A SUD AHERI0A5A DB VAP0RI3
To Valparaiso, stopping 1 at Mexican,. Central
and Eouth American ports. From section No.
1. Seawall. Sailing: . • ¦ J_"
S. 8. aUATEilAUA... February ?. 1901
S. B. PALENA February SJ, 1901
SwS. COLOMBIA.:.. March 7.1301
8. S. TUCAPEI>. • Mf-rch M 1901
These steamers ar« built expressly for Cen- -
tral and South American passenirer serrlce.
{No chance at Aeapuleo or Panama.) Freight
and passenrer office. 31« California street.
BALFOI7K. OCTHRIE & CO.. Agenta.
BAY AND BIVER STT. A TVT-IBS.
yard ahd wllejo.
Stea— -- ¦*Vo->t5cel*r»."*
MON.. Tues.. "W*d.. Thnra. and Sat. at »:43
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. en. (ex. Thurs. n'ght); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sunday!). 10:30 a. m., J
p. m. Landlnir and office. Mission-street Doci.
Pier No. 2. - Telephona Main , 1C0S.
AUCTION SALES
POSTPONED!
fe . fe
Ths mammoth auction «&!• of German Oov-
. ernmeaf*
400 Horses and Mares and 175 Mules
has been postponed on account of -weather to
MONDAY, February 11.
¦\Vatch this column for further particular*.
• WM. O. LATNO. Auctioneer.
Occidental Ilors^ Kxchanse.
721 Howard at.Licensed to -Wed.
OAKLAND. Feb. -i.-Tho following mar
rlage.licenses.were issued by the County
'Clerk's office to-day: H. L; Hooker of
San Francisco.: age-1 20. to Antonla Heix
of Tacoma, -Wash. •/¦aged 20: t. John'; Albert
McNear. of Liverpool. England, to Julia
Ann Noy of Alameda, aged 25; • William G.
Gaffney of -"San "Francisco, aged 36, to
Aged Woman's Sudden Death.
OAKLAND. Feb. 4.— Mrs. Mary AI Per
kins. 7G years of age, died suddenly to-day
from heart disease at her residence at
Laurel Grove Park on the Red wootf. road.
She was a widow. The Coroner will hold
an Inquest. . ' ' .
Earthquake at Berkeley.
BERKELEY. Feb. 4.— A slight earth
quake was felt In the western part of
this city this evening at 5:45 o'clock. The
vibrations lasted but a few seconds. No
record was made on the university seis
mograph. ¦ " ' ','¦
Neimes Guilty of Assault.
¦ OAKLAND. Feb. 4.— The jury In the
case of N. W. Neimes. the Hay wards
sewing machine agent charged with at
tempted criminal assault upon Mrs. Nellie
Carroll of Llvermore. brought in a«ver
dict of. guilty of simple assault to-night.
The Jury was out seven hours.
WARRANTS ISSUE FOR
ARBEST OF HAMILTON
Two Complaints on File in Police
Court Against Missing Cljprk
of Metropole.' r
OAKLAND. Fob. 4 —Complaints have
been filed In the Police Court against
Henry E. Hamilton, the absconding night
clerk of the Hotel Metropole, accusing
him of embezzlement and grand, larceny.
The complainants are R. £1. Brlare, pro
prietor of the hotel, who lost J390. and
Andrew A. Oliver, another clerk, who suf
fered the loss of J260. which he had placed
In the hotel safe. The police have taken
the warrants of arreet which have been
Issued, but they claim to have no trace of
the missing clerk's whereabouts. Chief
of Police Hodgklns declares his opinion
,to be that .Hamilton Is a professional ho
tel thlef %
Claims She Is Irresponsible.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 4.— The trial of Mrs.
Sarah Jaujou for stenllng two pairs of
shoes from a Park-street shoo store Sat
urday night will be held to-morrow be
fore Justice Morris. The husband of the
accused woman claims she is Irresponsible
because of a recent sickness. An- effort
was made to settle the case, but the vic
tim of the theft would not agree to do so.
COMEDY IN THE AMBTTLANCE
A Doctor's Story of a Man and a
.Woman Each With a Broken Leg.
"When' I was an ambulance surgeon."
said me young family physician," "I used
to start like a fire horse at the sound of
the call. I was .lust as much interested
In the work at the end of two years as
I was the i.ay I bej?an. It was the ex
citement of the life that made me so fond
of It I had all sorts of experiences at
all sort: of hours. There was an element
of danger In It, too. but that only added
°"One night I had a call from the West
Side In the neighborhood pf Chelsea
Square.' It was for a drunken man who
tell down and broke his leg. On the way
back "to the hospital .with him I picked
up a drunKen woman to whom a- similar
accident .iad. happened. There was noth
ing to do but put = her In the ambulance
along with the man.
"After that the ride across town was
«xcltlng enough for a cowboy. At first
the patients' sympathized with each other.
Then they be^an to cry In chorus. , At
Broadway they, fell to kisslngeach other.
At Third nvenue they were fighting like
a pair, of Kilkenny cats, and I had my
hahds fullln keeping them apart. The
woman -had scratched . the man's face
dreadfully, and ho had nearly closed h«r
eye with a punch, When we ptruck the
asphalt In Twenty-sixth stre<»t they were
¦Fl- Ing 'We Have All Been. There Before.
Many a .Time,' and .such -singing! The
uproar attracted a 'crowd.- who evidently
thought T had an ambulance full of luna
tics: When we reached the' gate they
swore eternal •¦¦ friendship;. and nt th«> of
fVf» they parted In tears."— New York
i8un^egSB&ijg|6i£@^H^B$HHS8BB
Fire Destroys Hay Warehouse.
OAKLAND. Feb. 4.— George Beck &
Co.'s warehouse at Altamont. containing
1500 tons of hay, valued at $15,000. was
burned at 4 o'clock yesterday morning. A
boxcar, loaded with hay. standing on the
railroad tracks alon^side^ of the ware
house, was also destroyed. The Insurance
will reach $12,000. The fire appears to have
been of Incendiary origin. This Is the
third warehouse that has .been burned a*
Altamont during the past few years.
College Town Fire.
BERKELEY, Feb. 4.— A dwelling, be
longing to Mrs. C. C. Calhoun at 2US
Dwlffht way, was ?urted by fire late last
nlKht The place, was occupied by the
Families of Dr. R. P. Whitlock and Mrs
A. P. Sanborn. They lost a quantity of
The fire started from a defective flue
back of a lower floor prate. The flames
were put out after they had burned
through to the roof. Mrs. Calhoun's loss
was about $1SOO. mostly covered by Insur
ance.
Gatezn=n All Right.
OAKLAND. Feb. 4.— The story has gorn
abroad In West Oakland that tho South
ern Paclllc Company is experimenting
with an automatic compressed air appar
atus for the operation of the Rates on the
local trains and that all of the Katem-Ti
will soon be dispensed with. This Is not
likely to occur until the company secures
some automatic compressed air method of
collecting the tickets that the naternsn
now gather. The extra fares secured by
the gatemen pay the expenses of the sys
tem.
BERKELEY. Feb. 4.— Professor David
Starr Jordan, president of the Iceland
Stanford Jr. University, lectured before
the Town and Gown Club this afternoon.
His subject was "Education." Dr. Jordan
was introduced by Airs. M. L. Rosenatlrn
chairman of the committee on lectures*
He said: ,
"The universities of to-day are ready to
take hold of any question and make It
go. There Is" not the vanity among: them
as before when they were ¦working en
tirely for 'culture.' We are coming to
have a higher Ideal of education here than
In any other country. That Ideal Is to
produce the best Individual man; to train
him for what he Is best suited."
After the lecture the ladies of the Town
and Gown Club served tea to the speaker
and other guests.
ganization.
lectures Before the Town and Gown
Club, a Berkeley Ladies' Or-
DR. JORDAN SPEAKS ON
IDEALS OF EDUCATION
Cornelia Mahoney has begun suit for
divorce from <2eorg.e.T. Mahoney on the
ground of willful neglect.
OAKLAND. Feb. 4— Thoiras R. Wright
has been granted a divorce from Georgie
I. Wright on the ground of desertion
Sarah Perrlne was jtfven a similar sepai
ration from Edward R. Perrine. who*e
cross-complaint was thrown out of cour;
Adam F. Menges was given ten days bv
Judge Ellsworth in which to amend hl3
complaint so as to show whether or not h»
knew that hi* wife was Insane when ro
married her.
Oakland Divorcs Suits.
Will No Longer- Be Compelled to
Sleep on Benches and
Tables.
COTS AND ' BLANKETS
FOR USE OF JURYMEN
OAKLAND, Feb. 4.— Hereafter the jury
men confined In the County Courthouse
over night will not be compelled to sleep on
the benches and tables in the Jury-room.
The Board of Supervisors have taken pity
upon them nnd purchased cots, mattresses
and blankets for the twelve men on t. e
jury and the Deputy Sheriff who guards
them. . " - Tli.".--."
The grievance .thus provided for Is a
long standing one in the county. Many
jurors have complained that they had con
tracted perious Illness by the lack of
sleeping accommodations for their -use.
The only- provision formerly made for
their comfort the supply of spa:e
blankets sent over to the courthouse from
the County Jail.
ONE HUNDRED CANDLES
BURN FOR BIRTHDAY
Miss Lavina Wheeler, Centenarian,
Receives the Congratulations
of Host of Friends.
OAKLAND, Feb. 4.— Tho hundredth
birthday anniversary of. Miss Lavina
Wheeler was made notable to-day by the
centenarian's friends, who celebrated the
event with much attention. Scores of peo
ple paid their respects to the aged woman.
Presents and other tokens arrived from
all sections of the United States as greet
ings from friends and relatives.
The birthday reception was held at the
residence of Mrs. O. C. Wheeler. 1853
Grove, street, the home, of the elderiy
guest of to-day's celebration. .
A noteworthy feature of the nffalr was
the immense birthday cuke, which whs
adorned with one hundred ornamented
and lighted CHndles. The cake will be cut
and sent to Miss Wheeler's friends as a
remembrance of the day.
Rev. O. C\ Wheeler, the deceased
brother of the aged woman. Inaugurated
the First Baptist Church of Sun Fran
cisco In 1R54. Subsequently he retired from
the ministry and entered the Southern Pa
cific Company's employ, having been a
general baggage master for many years.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
. CADETS AS MINSTRELS
Entertainment to Be Given for Bene
fit of Sacred Heart Parish
To-Night.
OAKLAND, Feb. 4.— The League of the
Cross Cadets will give an entertainment
at Sacred Heart Hall on Forty-first and
Grove streets to-morrow evening for the
benefit of the Children of Mary Society
of the parish. Ther? is every indication
that the entertainment will be a great
success, for some of the best talent to be
found has been secured. The programme
will be as follows: :
Overture, orchestra: opening; chorus, rnm
jmny; "My Dream of. You," C^liarlos .1. I'at
ker; "Miste? Johnson, Don't Sot Gay," J. 11.
Pliephan; bae« noio, selected. Frank- Fltfona;
"I Ain't n-Gotnj? to Wepp No More," J. II.
I-cns: "Walt." UouIf Xoble; "L,lnah. Oh! Do
You l^ovr Me?" M. F. Hynes: "1 Once Had
a Pweeth'-nrt," Theodore Jacobus; ¦•Lain!
I«am! lAm'." Steve Douglas; closing chorus,
ormpany; Oeorse Clarke, monologue; Georpe
1/Ditib. vocal solo, selected; Fred Jacobus, hobo
r.Stfgrer; K. A. Pierre, tenor solo; George (.:.
Monk, Fpeclaltles; R. E. Maddcrn. barytone
polo. Interlocutor. John J. Burke; ends—
Steve Douglas, Henry Long, tambos: Marty
Uynf-s, Henry Shechan, bones; musical di
rector. John K. Mearns; staee instructor. Steve
DmiKlnB; chorus. O. H. Valllere. F. Vlerra. J.
Rose. Oeorge KnKllsh. Henry Moore. M. I*»
8tran«;e, M. Noone, .1. Dutt«. J. Krates, M.
Moore, J. Eno». P. Mullitjan. F. CarrlBan,
James Ready, H. McCSulnn, L. L. Peter?, It.
HobertB, E. Cullen.
OAKLAND, Feb. 4.— Guarded by
dark and swarthy members of a
mourning tribe of wanderers, the
body of Walter Boswell, prince of
the Palmer gypsies, rests In a
rich and elegant casket that wouid grace
a nabob's bier. In the strangely con
trasted group of flimsy tents, their can
vas sides barely shedding the dripping
rain, a picture of wildness is presented to
the eyes of those who pass the nomads'
camp at Spring and Adeline streets. In
spite of every evidence of poverty nnd
lowly habitation, the funeral of the dead
tribesman will be conducted with all -of
the ceremonial of tho highest ritualism
of the Church of England. They gypsy
followers of the departed leader will fol
low the remarkable customs of their or
ganization, and will give'. a burial which
represents the very best of undertakers'
art. combined with the solemn services
for the dead.
¦ The funeral will be held to-morrow
afternoon at 10 o'clock, and the officiating
clergyman will be the Rev. Martin N.
Ray, rector of St. John's Episcopal
Church of this city. For years the
Palmer tribe have made their head
quarters in Oakland, no matter where
they roamed. Out In Mountain View
Cemetery there Is a large plat bought
many years ago by the Palmers. Here
were laid at rest the king. Hameline. and
his queen, and the dead prince's grand
parents, with others of the tribe who have
long since passed away. Here also will
be buried the body that now awaits the
last rites.
'Strange customs mark the gypsy life
of these wanderers upon the face of the
earth. The half a dozen tents where the
BoswellR make their home are tightly
closed against all comers to-day. In the
Esther Gaffnf.y of Fan Francisco, aged
3S- F E Gilbert of San Francisco, aged
40.' to Mrs. Kmma Oilman of. San Fran
cisco, aged 41.
- -
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Feb. 4.
After about a year of life an the .wife
01 a dancing dervish an Oakland girl has
obtained the permission of the Alameda
County Superior Court to renounce her
conjugal allegiance to Jacob Nalbandain
and to resume her maiden name of Annie
Agnes Gilllck.
Miss GllMck'l experience as Mrs. N'al
bandain was Interesting to a painful de
gree. Her American ideas of marrie.t
bliss received a rude shock as soon as the
Oriental standards of her swarthy lover
showed themselves In his methods of
family discipline.
Nalbandain was a member of a troupe
of Turkish dancers that showed In Oak
land last winter. The twlstlngs and
gyrations of the supple dervish captivat
ed the fancy of little Miss Gilllck. one cf
several romantic girls who attended the
performances nightly. She managed to
secure an tintroductlon to her dusky In
amorato, and when the troupe left Oa"k
land she accompanied them as their lead
er's bride. From here they went to Porc
land. Or., and soon trouble began for ttie
new Mrs. Nalbandain. Oriental discipline
was adjudged the proper thing to Induce
In her that spirit of submisslveness recom
mended by the prophet. It was laid en
thick with lash or staff or naked fist. The
young girl watched her chance to escap*.
She was foiled again and again, but final
ly slipped away and ca«t herself on the
Oakland Girl Divorced After
a Hard Year as Wife
dingy canvas funeral hall th*» casket rests
In state. At the head of the bier Is an
improvised altar, upon which is a lighted
five-branched candelabrum. Back of
that in a small annex, also canvas, are
the mourners. The father. S7 years
old. with -the Queen Onnnr. 78 years of
ape, parents of the dead prince, are hold
ing thrir vigil over the departed, while the
other members of the camp support them
In their sorrow.
The history of the Palmer tribe of
gypsies Is shrouded in deep mystery.
More than three score years ago Hame
llne Palmer, the dead king, came from
England, a descendant of those roving
wanderers that for hundreds of years had
strolled over the country without any
home but the spot upon which they
pitched their camp. Eventually the fore
runners of the present gypsy tribe broke
up into various bands, scattering through
out the United States. They married and
Intermarried. The offspring was numer
ous, hut strange, to relate the ties of
blood were, strong enough to withstand
all of the inducements* of society and do
mesticity among which many of the chil
dren had been born. There is not of
record among those nomads the case of a
single descendant of the old Palmers who
has forsaken the tribal relation, or aban
doned the tents of the family during a
period covered bv an ordinary life.
The gypsy prides himself upon his sta
tion. Walter Boswell. the dead prince.
was no exception, tie was born th'rty
five years ago while the parents vere
making a temporary camp at Stock. on.
He was reared In the camp and grew to
manhood. Blood told, even If It was
gypsy blood, and Boswell was as true to
the customs of his people as were any of
his ancestors. The young man had talent
as a musician, and by that oursult he con
tributed to the support of the camp of
which he was a member. When the spirit
moved the gypsy clar.s moved and from
town to town they have traveled these
DANCING DERVISH
LOSES HiS CHARM
many years, eking out an apparently pre
carious existence by their horse trading,
fortune telling and bartering.
The Palmer gypsies are reputed to have
wealth. Certain It Is they have always
been able to make- a lavish display at the
funerals of their dead. When King Ham
eline died suddenly in San Francisco seven
years ago he was accorded a burial that
would have done credit to a Lakeside mil
lionaire. He made a fortune in horse
trading and was accounted a clever spec
ulator. At the race course he was a strik
ing .figure and the story runs that he
turned over several hundred thousand dol
lars In his day. .
Fifteen years ago the first Queen of the
Palmers died in Minnesota — shot to death
by a renegade gypsy of another trine. Her
remains were brought to Oakland and In
terred in the cemetery plat at Mountain
View. Her body was encased in a mag
nificent bronze casket of ttnest manufac
ture.
The casket containing the remains of
Prince Walter Is almost as elegant in ap
pointment.
The fatal lllnesa of the Prince began
about three months ago at lone. Recog
nizing that he was in a serious condition,
the camp was broken there and the gyp
sies returned to Oakland After miinv
months of wandering. A superstitious re
gard for" custom and habit much as any
thing: else prompted the move. But the
disease wa* so deeply r<?oted that Boswell
slowly sank, dying within twelve hour*
after the trouble reached an acute stage.
—^ * trie lunprfti to~iiiorro^r a 9 mn n v of
the gypsies as can be assembled will be
present. There are a number of bands
throughout the State, but they are for
the most part, remote. At the s»rvlc»»
there will be a Rtrict adherence to the rit
ualistic order of the church. The gypsy of
English descent maintains a strong re
gard for the religion of his forefather?,
and he appeals to the consolation of the
church when death takes one of the tribe.
charity of strangers, who concealed her
until her semi-barbarous spouse and hN
troupe had left the place. Then they gave
her passage money to reach her mother" t
home In Oakland.
Proceedings were Immediately begun for
a divorce, which was granted to-day bv
Judge Ellsworth on default of the de
fendant.
Excessive cruelty was the charge In thr»
complaint and the plaintiff asked to be re
lieved of her Turkish surname. It was
so ordered.
The ordinance granting the Bay and
Coast Railway Company the right \o en
ter the city at Twenty-fourth and Illinois
streets under certain conditions, was
passed to print by the Board of Super
visors yesterday. The conditions are that
the company, in return for the franchise,
shall expend J25.CO0 in construction work
before next June; that it shall' pave the
streets over which the privilege is grant
ed from curb to curb; that other road?
must be allowed the use of the franchise;
whatever other conditions the charter
specilically imposes must be strictly ad
hered to; the road mst be completed with
in two years, and the franchise must not
be transferred to another company.
The City Attorney was directed to give
his opinion as to the legality of the ordi
nance and whether the board ha» the
authority to grant the franchise.
Curtis explained that the ordinance
came from the Street Committee without
recommendation, as the responsibility ol"
the promoters was involved in some doubt.
Kontana said that the requirement of
only $25,005 for construction work was *oo
small and should be increased to $250 000
for a road which would run to Santa
Cruz.
Attorney Baggett. representing the com
pany, argued that the $25,008 guarantee
was sufficient, as it would be a substali
tial beginning of the construction of the
toad.
"We are acting In the utmost good
faith." said Mr. Haggett. "and the money
to build the road is ready, though only
$11,000 has so far been • subscribed. We
have not yet acquired all the right of wcy
in other counties. The first important
step is to raise the money and then we
should get the right to enter the city or
our road will be of no value. After that
we will get material and bonuses from
other counties. I cannot divulge the
names of the promoters of the road, as I
do not know them myself."
The Mayor explained that Eastern
brokers were pager to acquire the legal
privileges before promoting the project.
His Honor argued that the road would bo
a good thing for San Francisco, as It
would Invite competition.
Braunhart Introduced a resolution,
which was referred to the Judiciary Com
mittee and provides for the transfer from
the School Department to the. trustees of
the Free Public JJbrary the easterly sev
enty feet of tho lot at the northwest cor
ner of Clara and Tourth streets*, and to
the Police Department the westerly eighty
feet of the lot. Hrrunhurt stated that
Mayor Phelan has expressed his intentlr-ti
to pay for the erection of a branch library
on the lot. The westerly portion will ulti
mately be used as a site for the Southern
Police Station.
An ordinance granting permission to the
street railway company contracting io
convey street sweepings to Golden Gate
Park, to construct tracks from the bunk
ers at Bryant and Eleventh streets to cer
tain designated locations, was passed to
print.
The board adopted a resolution memo
rializing the United States Senate and
House of Representatives on behalf .if
California to pass without delay the bill
now before said bodleq for Government
aid for the exposition to be held in
Charleston. S. C, from December, 1901, to
June, 1902."
The City Attorney was asked to inform
the board as to the richt of the Board of
Works to award private contracts for
street work; also as Jo the power of tho
Supervisors to Rrant a lot on O'Farrfll
Ftreet for State Normal School purposes.
A resolution directing the Board of Pub
lic Works not to remove the fences in the
University Mound District was referred
to the Street Committee.
Grant Entrance to City to
Bay and Coast Road
Under Conditions.
SUPERVISORS FIX
FRANCHISE TERMS
Fur^rvisnr Brs ur. P. art pipsenteo 1 a re.«r»- '
luTjop. whicn was adopted, in the Board |
«T Fupcrvlpors ycstcr'iay memorializing ;
th# Legislature not to pass the bills now ;
before it providing for the maintenance ¦
of '« Ftato quarantine service. There was !
no diSCtMsiOl] on the resolution, which pr<-- ,
vailed under the j'uspor.fion of the rules,
and is as follows:
¦\Vherea*. The legislature in now enurtainins j
UK ¦¦!¦»¦ il'l wtshliyh » St»t<> quarantine per- I
il«.. Involving tho appropriation nf $100.0"0 :
• *f imblir mon^y. thus iTnfN~wlr»z; a burden on '
The taxpayer* of th^ t^tat^ an<i also providing !
»cr an pd'litional tax on Khin'ing:
Ar<l WhTfaf, There If no necessity nor o>- j
v.pttI *>ith<r from the poopl* or the commercial ¦
¦n:»n»t» for »-uc-h l^jrlflm ion. hut on the con- i
trmrw ihTf is general »n«l organized ojipo- J
EitSon to it;
ArA W'hrrefir. It if the policy "f City and
Sis'* to mi-ourncf chirping:, wiiich un'ler the :
frnp^H M!!i> mrta h»v«> t<. pay f«">F and toll!". |
»!t-*-«"1v on<rr>U!> »n • oj.prrsFlv*-:
AtI WhTf-ac. The FV<1era! (Jnvcrnment ha« j
juft equipped a detention station Ht this port \
-. • ¦¦> ¦ ¦<=• <.f |i:.V<rt and pr'rtids annually $5),000 '
for i's maintenance;
Anfl •'vrioT-oa-. Thr Federal Quarantine S»r- j
vi'-o. in view of our incrp«fwl inter
cciirre with the Orient, is an assurance to !
n'hT ptat.F ami lo the jxojile of the country |
that the public health will hf- protected afcalnM i
i he n«nE<"s of imiHirfed disease, which re- i
r~-n*\y ftflUcted Honolulu and Sydney. and ;
th»r>r.-rf i* valuaM* to the Htate of <*alifor- ;
nie »n<1 ;he City «f Han Francisco and their
buFinrf^. cnrnmcrclal and tourint interp?ts:
An<l \Vhercas. A dual pervir*. Federal an<i ;
Pt»«e. Is productive of unw*ml;' friction, if :
t-r\fii\\- r Jnjr«1*-n*»oni^ and unn^p^Mry;
T^rrefnrr. »k? it resolved »>>" the rtoard ot j
PupetvtMn ot the «"itv and bounty of Pan i
F;p.r. r iKco. the community most interested in |
rhe ui ouote<1 leciFlation. that, for these re*- !
. fins, the T>p-l*lature be nnd it I* hereby j
m*mon»llT.ed not to paw the bills now before j
it ar>rm;-'TiaT:r.jc moneys, imposing a tax on •
rhiprinR an-i provltflr.* fnr the appointment j
of Ftate c.ujiraritine offlcrr*. j
Assistant Trainer Secured.
BERKEI,ET. Feb. Man
seer Reno Hutchison has ?iieaged W. L.
Heywood as assistant trainer at the I'ni
verVity of California. Heywood's present
home "is in Alamerln. He was formerly
trnlner at the Settle Athletic Club, and
y>e]<] the all-round athletic championship
r.f the Ne>rt "West. Last fnll ho assisted
Trainer <;«*orpe HufTerrtine with the
R^rk'iey football men. Walter Christie.
the crack Eastern tr.".1ner. who Is to take
charge of the college athlete* for the next
two years. 1s expected to arrive here dur
ing the car'v part of next wwk.
An ordinance wa« passed to print by the
Hoard .if Supfrviporn yesterday which re
quires all persons and corporations own
ing or leasing any fences for advertising
purposes to file an Indemnity bond in the
yum of $10,000. The bond shall be satis
factory to the Mayor and conditioned so
that the principal and sureties will be lia
ble for any injury to persons or damage
to property that may occur by the falling
of such fences, which, however, must be.
erected under, the supervision and to the
hatiJ'fac'tion of the Board of Works.
The ordinance regulating the main
tenance of dairies and requiring the own
ers to comply strictly with sanitary laws
was finally passed. Hotallng opposed the
passage of the bill because he claimed It
would put the employer at the mercy of
the employe, and also that the cubic air
law already covered the case.
The resolution .directing the Auditor to
audit demands for the refunding of poll
taxes paid In duplicate only on condition
that the Assessor pays into the city treas
ury the commissions collected by him was
adopted. Heretofore the Auditor has re
fused to sign such demands a? the As
sessor has deducted 15 per t-ent from each
payment, which percentage has never
been paid Into the treasury. The poll tax
commissions, amounting to some $15.(XV).
are held In reserve by Treasurer Brooks
pending the. decision of the Supreme
Court as to whether Assessor Dodge Is
entitled to the commissions.
The ordinance to prevent the Fale or
manufacture of any food adulterant or
preservative was postponed for one week
to give representatives of packing com
panies an opportunity to be heard In op
position to the measure.
The Board of Works was directed to in
stall a cap-heating plant in the Hall of
Records, at a cost of $350.
The ordinance providing: for the Inspec
tion of gasoline and vapor engines once
every three months was finally passed.
Tho sum of $500 was set aside out of the
urgent necessity fund for the purpose of
assisting the State Beard of Trade to rep
resent California properly at the Pan-
American Kxhibltlon In Buffalo next May.
Tbe various city departments were di
rected to furnish the board with a sched
ule of supplies required, so that bids
thereon might be invited for the. ensuing
fiscal year.
The resolution urging an appropriation
of $3000 to fit up the Mission police station
W8s withdrawn by its author. Supervisor
Curtis.
The amended ordinance prescribing gen
eral rules and standard specifications for
asphalt, bitumen and basalt blocks for
street and* sidewalk work was passed to
print. The ordinance in Its present shape
eliminates all reference to wooden pave
ments in Its provisions.. and provides for
a guarantee of not less than five years on
accepted ptreets. On unaccepted Rtreets
property owners may exact a bond or the
city may prepare specifications to keep
such streets In repair.
The Chutes Company w : as granted a per
mit to construct a tunnel of concrete un
der Tenth avenue from C to D. street.
The Board of Works was directed to
bituminize the gore lot at the corner of
Bush and Battery streets preparatory to
the erection thereon of the drinking foun
tain dedicated to the mechanics of Ban
Francisco, the gife of the late Peter Don.
ahue. '
The resolution directing the Board of
Works to remove the fence around the
old Baldwin Hotel site was rescinded, as
progress Is about to be made in the Im
provement of the plte.
The offer of $2000 for the Widber
orchard at Mountain View made by J. S.
Mackbee was accepted, provided the ab
stract of title shall not cost more than $23.
The board adjourned to meet Saturday
at 2 p. m. to continue the water rate In
vestlgatlon.
ERROR IN ONE FIGUHE
NEARLY SPOILS A WILL
Document Purported to^Have Bien
Drawn at the Close of Twen
tieth Century. .
OAKLAND. Feb. 4.-An error of one fig.
ure in the date of a will,, making it appear
to have been drawn a century later than
Us real d'ata, would have Invalidated the
will of the late Ludger Pinsonneaulf had
not Judge Hall ruled that It was a cleri
cal error. •
The document, which disposes of prop
erty valued at $15,000, was dated July '.'7,
19&«. ,
The deceased was employed as gardener
at the Sacred Heart Convent, and left a
bequest to the work of that Institution.
Most of the property goes to relatives liv
ing In Carada.
¦ » »
Arrangements for Carnot Debate.
BERKELEY. Feb. 4.— The Joint Califor
nia-Stanford debating committee has
made final arrangements for the annual
Carnot contest. California will select the
question and Stanford will have the choice
of FldfF. The subject for debate must be
submitted by February 29.
OPPOSE A STATE
QUARANTINE LAW
Supervisors Memorialize
Legislature Net to Pass
Measure.
INDEMNITY BOND
FOR HIGH FENCES
Ordinance to Compel Own
ers to Protect Public
From Injury.
MRP. JOHN ALBERT McXEAR, THE ALAMEDA BELLE, WHO BECAME
A BRIDE YESTERDAY AND WHO WILL MAKE HER FUTURE HOME
IN LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND.
John Albert McNear and Miss Julia Noy Are Joined in the Holy
Bonds of Wedlock and Will Make Their Future Home in England
After an Extended Tour of the United States.
OAKLAND. Feb. 4 —John Albert
'•!rN>ar, the. *on of George W.
McNrar. tho wheat king, was
united in mnrriace this afternoon
to Miss Julia Noy of Alatneda. The
wedding tnok place at the First Congre
gational Church in this city, at 4 o'clock.
Rev. Charles R. Brown, the pastor, per
f'-rming the ceremony.
The wedding wa.«= very informal, and
wns attended only by tlu* relatives of the
pronm and the members of the bride's
family. The only cnoii outside of the rel
atives who wore invited were Mr. and
Mrs. Varney \V. Caskill.
Tho woiVling journey* will be to New
Orl<-sn?. Florida and through the South
ern Ptafs. thrn to Now York, and finally
tn Liverpool. Fvjrland. where Mr. McNear
rcprefontP tho 'nterrsts of his father.
Their residence will bo in that city.
T^rre is a little ronanpp back of the
wedding. Miss Julia Noy went to Europe
about a year ago to complete her musical
*><1uca:Ii->r.- She met John A. McNpar In
Paris, and it was there that the engage
rr.ent bopan. They wprc at several fune
'i"r.J together in Paris and afterward at
London, where they attended the annual
fl!r.ner of tho Americans in that city.
When Miss Noy returned to. her Alanvda
horn* about two works nco it was as the
fiancee cf Mr. MrNVsr.
Mr. MoNrar left England shortly after
Mis* Nov. hut arrived In California before
h«^r. owing to a sickness vrhich detained
her in New York. She was met by Mr.
MrN>ar upon her arrival. There was no
formal announcement of the engagement.
and tho wodding was most quiet and in
formal.
John A. MoNear Is the oldest son of the
praln merchant and handles all of the
lsrge interests of the McNrars in L'ncland
and Euron*. lie is a brother of fiwrcc
"ft". MrN'par Jr.. f-eward McNear. Fred
erick McNear. Mis? Pes=ie McNear and
Mrs. P. E. Rowles. all of Oakland. Hav
ing fceen much abroad h" Is not as well
known in Oakland as his brothers and sip
ur?, who are social leaders'.
Miss Julia Noy i* a dauruter of W. H.
Nry. an old r^ident of Alameda. and a
prominent merchant. She Is a mandolin
pTfcrmT r.i great ability and it was to
perfect herself in this art she went to
Europe.
SON OF THE WHEAT KING TAKES
UNTO HIMSELF A FAIR BRIDE
Kisses Young Grandson and Then
Disappears — Daughter rinds
Body Suspended From
Bafters in Barn.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. 1118 Boardway, February 4.
After kissing his little grandson . fare
well, aged II. H. Lawrence, father of
former Justice E. L. Lawrence, went to
a shed at the rear of his residence, 562.
East Fourteenth street, this afternoon
and hanged himself.
The old gentleman was missed by His
wife, and a daughter, Mrs. Harriet E.
Drummond, went in search of her father.
Shfi found the body dangling from, a
rafter in the barn. Rushing- back to the
house she summoned another sister, Mrs.
Mabel A. Post, and the women cut the
body down with a pair of shears.
Dr. \V. J. Wilcox. whose office is across
the street, hurried to the house in re
sponse to a call, but the aped man was
dead before relief could be giver him.
The body was discovered at 4 o'clock.
Half an hour before the old man had
been conversing with his wife and daugh
ters easily and naturally. There was not
the slightest indication that he contem
plated suicide. Just before he started out
of the house he called his young granO
son, Warren Lawrence, to his side ami
affectionately kissed the little* fellow,
making some inaudible expressions. This
action did not create an Impression upon
the observers. They knew of the grand
father's strong attachment for the hoy
and. his frequent manifestations of love
were too common for this one to excite
more than a passing notice.
After he had been out of the house for
some time Mrs. Lawrence's attention was
called to his prolonged absence.
"See what has become of papa," she
said to Mrs. Jlrummond.
The daughter could riot find him in the
house and then went out to the shed oniy
to make the horrifying discovery of the
suicide. Mr. Lawrence had placed a lad
der against the side of the barn, cllmbod
to the rafter, and after fastening a rope
to the beams, noosed It around his neck
and jumped off.
The distracted family oannof account
for the tragic deed, except on the grounU
that it resulted from the old man's .de
mented condition.
Mr. Lawrence was 75 years of age. For
a year or more ho had given Indications
of an unbalanced mind. Dr. Sill, tho fam
ily physician, was authority for the opin
ion that his patient, whom ho had treated
for a year, was insane.
The Coroner took charge of the case.
Tho deceased was a native of N>w York.
He had lived in this city for many years.
Before his retirement because of failing
health. Mr. Lawrence had been in the
real estate business. ' .
Strange Suicide of H. H.
Lawrence, an Aged
East Oaklander.
PIONEER ENDS HIS
LIFE BY HAGING
THE SAN ifRANOlSCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1901.
In Splendid Gasket, Surrounded Kby Swarthy Members of His Tribe,
Lie the Remains of Beloved One of Gypsies Awaiting Solemn
Procession to Nomads' Plat at Mountain View.!
AT DEAD PRINCE WALTER'S BIER
THE PALMERS WATCH AND MOURN
THE LATK PRINCE WALTER OF THE PALMERS. SCION OF THE BOSWELL LINE: ALSO THE GRIEF-STRICK
EN GYPSY KING AND QUEEN, WHO IN A TENT ADJOINING THE ONE CONTAINING THEm DEAD SON'S
REMAINS GIVK VENT TO THKIR GRIEF.
9
To Cur* the" Grip in Two Days .
Laxative Cromo-Quinine removes. the cause.*
. Half of the world Ib m Ignorance of who
the other half Is dolr.s.-
"^^Str*P* - 1hwWmS6H3m BJffiMKpJaiKS'^
GRAPE-NUTS.
CAN FOOD DO IT?
Importance of the Food Cure.
To discover a food that will cure a ner-
vous wreck Is Jnderd a Godsend. Mrs.
Ptr-lla rmal, 1227 West Thirty-first street,
Los Amrrlcs, fal., had a very rrmarkable
experience. She say.«: "About twelve
years ago I war, run over by a carriage
and my pplne injured. My left arm was
partially paralyzed, walking was difficult
find I had continual pains and aches In
my whole bodv. ; - : -.
"To induce a movcmr-nt of the bowels.
I Invariably had to resort to mechanical
rr.r-ans. «I wouid Fit up in bed for hour?,
fjffcrir.g severe colicky pains, caused by
the non-digestion of the starch of the
food. My hrart was no weak that at
timfs no pulse could • be felt, and It
farmed at times as if I must die. I fainted
very often, fsomctlmes lying in a half
fainting condition fir hour*, unable to
move or ppeak. though conscious.
"Shortly after Xm2f Providence directed j
rr.e to buy a box of Grape-Nuts food.
wh>h i have since eaten twice a day.
"The improvement In health has been
wnnflr-rf u! :* now I can eat and digest food. |
my bowels act naturally and regularly,
•-irculptson is better, catarrh moderated,
5<n<1 I !iav«> frainod much In weight and am
better every way. I can read and think,
while before my eyes and brain felt too
weak to do rtther. I can walk a long
vayr and have not used my air cushion
for some time and I have no further need
of it." j
This i» si direct demonstration of the]
fact that Orape-Nut« food surely does re- j
r.ulid the }<oft. gray matter In the brain I
and nerve renter*, and any depleted per- j
son can prove this by ujie. One cannot get j
wen of nervoTis trouble* without the right
pert of t food to rebuild this curious 6uh-
stanre which is found in the brain, and
this muft be rebuilt from the rood. Grape-
Nut* food Is made especially for the pur-, THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,; TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1901.
10
LOST AXD FOPXD. ¦ __
I LOST— Masonic emblem pin set with five dia-
monds. Finder return to SERGT. WOLF.
Southern Police Station, and receive reward.
! NUGGET stick pin with diamond center; liberal
| reward. IL B. LINDE. 2 Golden Gate ave.
1 Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 218 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
• OLD gold silver, diamonds and precious stones
• bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market et.
i CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
, received at Call branch ofnee. 22CO Fillmore st.
! A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
; • Valencia st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
MATTRE^S^S~A7iaTpiLLOWS. tel. South 733.
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed: feathers and. hair cleansed; fine up-
holstery; expert carpet-cleaning and laying.
HOPKE BROS.. 313 and 320 Eleventh st.
MATUIMO.MAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1S87: reliable & con- j
fldentlaN lists. 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
MEDICAL.
DR. and Mrs. DA VIES, 1223 Market, the well-
known ladles' specialists; 32 years' practice;
perfectly reliable; a positive cure guaranteed
at • offlce; patients treated can return same
day: those wishing to treat themselves should
send for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
MENT, a sure cure; gives Instant relief; harm-
less; any one can fuse It; stamp, for clrcufar.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 1013 Market,
; opp. 5th; world-renowned ladles' specialist:
safe-, reliable; practiced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be used at home; consultation :
free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 997 Market st,. cor. Sixth—.
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
$3; positive cure guaranteed; when others fail
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. l«)7Mi Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; lo years' practice In S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; J5 at offlce; have cured thou-
• sands of cases; unexcelled success; eee free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 23 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
offlce. $5; any aliment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 10K Market— Ladfes' spe-
cialist; safe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fail consult free.
DR. POPPER, MRS. DR. LA TOUR, ladles'
specialists! new process; sure cure; no medi-
cine ;e very woman her ownphysiclan. 323Kearny
MRS. DR. OWYER. ladies' specialist; home
for patients. £04 Eddy st.
MINING AXD ASSAYING.
MINER returning to Alaska desires partial
crub stake for one year; references. Address
box 1712. Call offlce.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalgoue.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
et.; rentals, new machines. $3 per month.-
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, .water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. "WHITELAW, 21S Spear St.
FOR sale— 1 Iron planer, almost new, size 32x32
Inches by SV4 feet long. E23 Brannan St., near
Fourth.
1 BARNES 8-in. swing lathe; 13 H. P. Hercules
gasoline eng.; 1 No. 3 Dow pump. 634 Mission.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; -compoun3
beam.. Apply at "16 California st.
GAS engine. 1 horsepower. $70; see at ¦work.
Shirt store. 633 Valencia st.
J5— SINGER sewing machine In good order. 1571
Market St., near Twelfth.
ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery «.. sell :
at low figures all makes 2d-hand typewriters.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
IB-HAND steam, gas. oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White, 518 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron ami wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 1C& Montgomery st.
SAFES^New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and M-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
| WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
| MISCELLANEOUS "WAXTS.
SOME electric motors. 1 to 5 II. P. ; state make
and time used and condition: must be choap,
for cash. Box 1770. Call office.
A — KLEIN pays best price, fqr clothing, bric-a-
brac, old gold. 109 Sixth st. ; phono Jessie 111.
WANTED— 2nd-hand naphtha launch; 2 or 4 IL
P. A. J. Gustaveson. Berlin bids., Tacoma.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Silverman, SSi Folsom: tel. Folsom not.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of. your friend3 or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied : nt> delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
• : Interest In Estates
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
serond mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In esttes. legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages an ,i securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lav; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 third st.
A— JCOO.COO ON city and country real estate and
estates: chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals: J. BROWXSTO.VE, 11 Montgomery Et.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. .J. HE3THA5* 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
.afc-e; reliable party. 1170 Market st,. room 6S.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansome. rm. 2.
LOANS s lst or 2d mtgs; city, country; 6%; undi-
vlded lnts.; estates. HARPER. ZT, Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral cr in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. H3 Phelan big.
• ¦ 31USIC.1L INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for 13. 54 and Jj per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kcarny arjd Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st., Oak-
land. .
THE public have appreciated our very generous
« cuts In prices by patronizing us liberally dur-
ing the great sale we have Just been having;
so many sales have been started but not yet
completed that we are going to .continue the
"cut*' for a few days, tn 6rder>that no one
may feel disappointed who is Inclined to take
advantage of It; remember that alt our pianos
Decker & Son. Packard. Baumelster. Straube
Arlington, etc.. etc.. are included In the sale
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
FOR sale far below *j its cost, leaving the city
i richly carved grand upright piano;: standard
make: excellent .' tune; as good as new and
warranted. 1143 Howard st.
ON sale— Stelnway upright. $18S. 217 Geary
St., room Sfl. ¦ .
FINE 3-pedal upright . piano; standard make-
sacrifice; leaving city. 324 Golden Gate ave. '
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck, Hardman Con-
. over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314* Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold : nice upright piano.
. SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank!
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
GARDENER, first-class, single, of long experi-
ence In landscape gardening, growing of flow-
ers, greenhouse and. orchard work, wishes a
situation on a private place. Box 1498, Call.
INDUSTRIOUS German, Gardener; under-
stands ; of '. horses, buggies, cows, vege-
tables, lawn, flowers; In private family; very
useful and willing: references; city or coun-
try. Box 1470. Call office. ¦
GOOD all-round house painter wants steady
work; country preferred; 5 years in one shop.
Box 1407, Call office. V . ¦ . :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia »tre«t. ' J
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. .244 Stevenson st.
FLATS TO LET.. . N
TO LET— New flats on. Buchanan St., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.: 5 and 6
rooms and bath; all the latest improvements.
Apply O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519% — 1 sunny rooms and
bath; hot and cold water; gas.
LOWER flat of 4 rooms, bath and cellar. In-
quire 1308 Powell St., bet. Broadway and Pa-
cific; rent $15.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & IIOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
MODERN flat. 8 rooms, bath; good order. 1123
Howard St.. near Seventh. ;
2 FINE new flats for rent: $14 and $16. 120P.
1211 Sanchez st.
$7— FLAT. 3 rooms, yard, on Linden ave.;
water free. Key at t24 Fell st.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat to let; 4 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable. 113 Thirteenth St.
FURNITURE WANTED.
.JT.ri.x-.i- - * ¦ ¦ ¦ ,-.-,¦¦ -u ., ,-iru-Lnj-ijiru-
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see 'W. E. Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 33S3. j
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larklnite'l. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St. ; tel. Jessie 761.
A. -VVOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
HELP WANTED FB^ALB.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. "S... Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 chambermaids, Southern California, $20,
rate tickets: 10- waitresses. Southern Cali-
fornia, $30; head waitress, Arizona, eating-
house, $23, free fare; waitress, hotel, Ari-
zona. S20, free fare; waitress, Bakersfleld, $20,
fare advanced; 2 waitresses. Fresno. $20, fare
advanced; 4 waitresses, Stockton, $20; wait-
ress, Marysville, $22 50. fare advanced; cham-
bermaid. Stockton. $17 60; woman lroner.
south. $35; waitress, Vacavllle, $20; waitress.
Redwood City, $20; 3 waitresses, city, $20; 2
chambermaids to wait, $20; woman cook,
hotel, city, $30; chambermaid, hotel city,
$17 E0
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
C nurses, $15, $20 and $25; 3 second girls, $20;
15 girls for housework, city and country, $15,
$20 and $23
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY-& CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
12 more waitresses for Pasadena, Coronado
Beach and Santa Barbara, $20. half-rates for
fare; 4 waitress*.*. Salt Lake City, fare here,
$20 and bonus. Investigate; waitresses, first-
class commercial hotels. $20 and £22 CO; 3
waitresses, city, $20; lunch and dinner wait-
ress, $20; 4 chambermaids to wait dinner, $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
"Working housekeeper. $25, for country. ¦ fare
paid; cook, $25, and nurse girl. $15. same
place, and many others. MRS. M. E. DAY
& CO.. 233 Geary st.
HOUSEWORK. Irvington. $15. small family:
housework. Newcastle, $20, see lady here:
cook, Modesto, $25; waitress. Red Bluff, $20:
waitress, Sausalito, $15; 10 chambermaids to
wait, 1 meal, $20; L'O housework girls, city
and country, $15 to $23: 4 second girls, $20
each. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
CHAMBER work, $20; nurse girl, $23; laund-
ress, $25; cook, boarding-house, $30; ranch
cook, $23; house girl, .Sausalito, $20 to $25; 10
second girls. $25 and $20; 25 cooks, $30 and
$35; house girW family of 2, $30. MRS. NOR-
TON, 213 Sutter St. ¦ ¦- -
PRACTICAL Millinery School; established 12
yrs.; trade taught; class now forming; terms
eaEy; references given. 1107 Van Ness ave.
WANTED — 2 eirls. one for cooking and down-
stalra-wcrk, and one for upstairs work and
waiting at table. 1G01 Post st.
"WANTED — Experienced operators on ladles'
waists. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st. .
WANTED- oman to help* wash dishes for
half-day; ..ages $10. C19 Sacramento st. *
FIRST-CLASS French or German cook; one
having been In Jewish family preferred; city
references required. Call Sunday morning, or
Monday, from 2 to 8 p. m., 2129 Jackson st.
"WANTED— Good finishers on custom coats;
also apprentice. 927 Market St., room 623.
WAN'TED-A good Gorman girl for upstairs
work and attend to children. Call 3601 Clay.
GIRL to work In laundry; must understand
plain sewing. 251 Jessie St.. near Fourth.
A REFINED German girl for upBtairs work,
waiting and pewlng; references required; call
between 9 and 12. 2U1 Jackson st.
A GIRL for cooking and general housework: 4
in family: German or Scandinavian preferred.
2224 California, bet. Uuchanan and 'Webster.
APPRENTICE to learn halrdressing. 210
Stockton st.
"WANTED — Girl for general housework; small
family. 1G00 Washington St., cor. Larkin.
TAILORESS wanted oa custom coats. 1170
Market st, room 36.,
YOUNG girl to assist light housework and as-
sist care child; good home. 1006 Geary et.
"WANTED— Younir girl to assist with house-
work. 2820 Bush st.
WANTED — Good German or Scandinavian girl
to do goieral housework. Call between 10
and 12, st 3320 Twenty-flrst st . .
WANTED— A girl for upstairs work and to
assist with child. Call 3201 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker and finisher;
steady work; good pay. 115 Russ st.
GIRL or woman to do light housework. 312
Sanchez st. .
LADY solicitors, SI a day and commission;
permanent. Room 7, 903 Market, 10 to 5.
NEAT girl to assist: girl general houseworK
and children; sleep home preferred; wages
$10. 1714 Geary st.
TAILORESS wanted on fine custom coats;
steady work; good pay. 633 Natoma. st.
"WANTED — Young girl for second work; must
have city reference. Apply from 3 to 12,
BE. corner Franklin and Geary sts.
OPERATOR on men's coats: must b« first-
class; steady position; good wages. 113 Grant
avo. v
YOUNG lady \ of good appearance as model
(head and shoulders) by photographer. Box
• 1759. Call office..
CO EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' silk
waists. S. F. MFG. CO., 409 A Turk st. .
APPRENTICES ; wanted on fine custom coats.
305 A Mason. • - -
WANTED— First-cla6s hairdressers; good sal-
ary. Call bet. 1 and 4 p. m. 234 O'Farrell.
SEWING machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory. 32ft Fremont
tt. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts and overalls at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHAEL'S. 531 Mission.
LADY who knows something of Japanese art:
salary. Call between 2 and 4, room C, 5 Mar-
' ket St.
GIRL wanted general housework; no'cooklng;
no dishwashing; $20. 1562 Post • St. ' .
OPERATORS and riveters on overalls. HEY-
NEMANN & CO... 410 Mission Et.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. BELASCO
.-. & HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st. (upstairs).
WANTED— A refined, middle-aged woman for
responsible position: must' be capable, wlth-
out lncumbrances." • Box 1747. ¦ Call office." -- ;
EXPERIENCED button-hole- operators ¦•' on
shirts. BRENNER-ULMAN CO.. 19 Battery.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
learning. BBLASCO & HARRIS CO., 541
Market st. . .
FIRST-CLASS operators on pants and vests.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. C41 Market st.
. (upstairs). ' . _
OPERATORS on i ladies' : underwear to work
In factory. 723 Market St.. . room ,35.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call Branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore »t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
\ subscriptions ¦ has been established at 1QD6
, Valencia tt -"-'r^BHMMMBflBnmBH
•, CHIROPODISTS. 1
CORNS, bunions, Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION °^_ 1^^^ nn^^ M ,
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
A^hTEL^ECT^^R^-DENTAlTciriNIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a, m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings, 50c; plates,
$5. full set: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago I'ental Parlors, 24 SUth st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method ; j 20 years
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell et.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plate,s made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. EOc; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to "969
Mission Bt.,' cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive pclnless extraction. EOc.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
DR..H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer . building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk Et.
EDUCATIONAL.
KV^SO^UOo€rsTFrBVSlSESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market St.: individual Instruction
in bookkeeping.- shorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition ?5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-.
NESS COLLEGE. 123C Market st.
ATRES" Business College.. 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; $8 per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for" our students
during the past 5 months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.-
Shnrthand. typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $00; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to It by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. , 305 Larkin st.
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners: business
college graduates; bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MINING school of H. Hlrsching. 334 Kearny st..
open; day and eve. classes; chemistry, llxlva-
tlon, mineralogy, geology, coal oil formation.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day. eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
KRE?»CH,Spanlsh>etc.Prof.DeKllippe"s Academy
of languages, 320 Post;estab'd lS71;ablest profs.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac-
tice. Merkl, reliable teacher. 1008 Mission st.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing, Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y, E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
Jm — UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office; best
help f urn. ; domestic servants; work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est.
1S70; practical recommend; try them; removed '
to 419 Devlsadero: tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA. i
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post et.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
best help. 626 O'FarrtU St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 313 Stockton; Main E1SS.
A B C. EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
r.ese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter ;tel. Black £072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 4ll>4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse-
girl or assist housework; references. Mlfcn
CULLEN. 325 Sutter 6t.
A COMPETENT Swedish chambermaid and
seamstress, eood ret.', colored housework frlrl
and others await positions. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st.
A SWEDISH house girl. 4 years last place, ex-
cellent cook and houseworker. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Suttor st.
A YOUNG woman wishes work: must sleep
home; $15 to $20. Apply MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter Et.
AMERICAN lady wishes position as working
housekeeper; city or country. 217 Grant ave.,
room 2. ' 1
REFINED young woman of good education,
with taste for nursing, desires position in
doctor's office or caring for Invalid during
daytime. Address box. 1771, Call office.
VISITING governess ; English and German In
all branches; artistic pianoforte playing;
children and adults taught: city or country
engagement: credentials. Address MRS. L.,
box 1767. Call office.
COOKING to do by young: American woman
for 10 or 12 men, in country: will go to Ari-
zona or OreKon, or In the mountains; wage*
t23 to $35. Box 1766. Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes situation In a Email fam-
ily to assist In housework; wages $10, $12.
Please apply 40. Lower Terrace, bet. Sixteenth
and Seventeenth 6ts., near Ashbury.
YOUNG lady wishes poEltion to assist In doc-
tor's offlce. Box 1764, Call office.
SWEDISH girl wishes position to do general
housework. 1122 Rhode Island st.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wishes place to
do light housework; is a competent house-
keeper. Address 136 Fifth St., between How-
ard aiid mission.
NORTH German girl wishes position to do
cooking and general housework. Inquire 31$&
Howard st. : no postals.
GERMAN girl wants situation for general
housework and assist In cooking; best refer-
ences. Address 729A Harrison st.
FINLAND girl wishes place, general, house-
work. Call 1205V4 Stevenson St., oft Brady.
AN Eastern lady wishes position as working
housekeeper. Apply 1235 Market St., between
Eighth and Ninth, room 2. '
YOUNG lady wishes work with first-class
dressmaker: good' waist finisher. 1931 Fif-
teenth st.
¦WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 2Sc to $1 60 nlgh,t. $1 EO to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH ofHce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ¦ 1096
Valencia st. • .
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
SOBER, 6teady, middle-aged man wants situ-
ation as dishwasher or kitchen hand In small
hotel, boarding-house or restaurant. Address
17C5. Call office.
EXPERIENCED man and wife desire posi-
tions in hotel; city or country; no cooking;
references. Box 1772, Call office. , >
WELL-educateA young man wishing to attend
night college desires employment of any kind
during day. Box 17S0. Call,
THOROUGHLY competent beekeeper desires
to take charge of apiary in good location.
¦ Box 1781. Call offlce.
SOBER, reliable man desires a position to take
charge of an elevator; has mechanical knowl-
edge and handy with tools; last place em-
ployed iV t years. Address box 425. Call office.'
AS bartender by a respectable, sober, middle-
aged man; speaks German; town or country
331 Kearny St.. room 31. • ¦; ¦ "f-
BARTENDER,- German, good mixer, would
like position; city or country; best of refer-
ences. Address Q. M.y 1101 Larkin st.
GOOD carpenter wants'- work, either by day or
take Jobs: good references; give address, a.
D.. Fruitvale. Cal.
¦ — —
STEADY, reliable young man who understands
care of horses desires position as coachman
or gardener; understands how- to milk. * etc. ;
city or country; references. - Apply THOMAS,
Ahlborn House, S21 Grant ave.
BUSINESS CHANCES CONTINUED.
tt PARTNER wanted In a large, old-established
, profitable business, controlling a good, safe,
solid and reliable trade; owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to Bell
. an interest to an acceptable party; duties
¦will be the keeping of accounts and assist-
ing generally In the management of the busi-
ness: capital required $5000. to $10,000; full
value In sight; books and business open for
Investigation. Apply J. W. DONNELLY &
CO.. 632 Market st: J
1 FOR sale— Well Improved veeetable garden
v.ith stock and all farming Implements on
easy terms. Address box 1760. Call offlce.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
! Call Business Office.
FOR sale— Millinery business established 9
years; fine location: great bargain. For par-
ticulars Inquire of MRS. E. E. BANGS.
> Stockton. Cal.
• FOR tale— Paint and paper store; established
15 years; selling on account of death. 403
Gcugh st., near Hayes.
' CANDY, cigar and stationery store; laundry
\ office; only those meaning business apply.
CC3 Post st.
LAUNDRY route In largest and oldest estab-
> llshed laundry In city; $450. Address box
1 1325. Call office.
: STATE rights; up to date freezer; Ice cream
1 In half-minute: $1000 required. S. SWEE-
NEY. French Hospital.
' FOR sale cheap — A complete patent brick
plant. Address Rldenhour Brick Co., Hilton,
1 Sonoma County, Cal. . ':>, - \
1 WANTED— A party to run coffee house. Par-
ticulars Coffee John. C18 Clay Bt.
$550— CANDY store; choice location. Call 927
Market, r. 2CS. 12. m. to 1 p. m., and 5 to 5:30.
¦ $30 WINS $300 per month at races: references
given. Information Lyons, 921 Market, r. 4.
'' LARGE lnsido route on this paper for sale.
Apply business offlce.
; LODGIXG-HOCSES FOU SALE.
13-ROOM fiat; downtown $500
14 rooms; on Mission st 600
to rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 2C0O
15 rooms: on Third st 600
46 rooms: fine corner: clears $200 3300
24 rooms; on Geary st. ; clears $1SO 1900 '
25 rooms; on Kearny St.; clears $150 1600
33 rooms: on Market st 1400 '
.12 rooms; clears $75 450
COO others— Prices from J1C0 to $25,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
II. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
TO buy, sell or exchange real estate, store or
! business place call on H. C. DECKER. 1020
Market st- No charge for advertising. •
WINSTON & WOLF, 1028 Market st.
The Leading and Reliable Brokers.
. 16 rooms; $250 cash, balance $10 month $W0
, 18 rooms; central: must sell t. 700
24 rooms; rent SCO; a snap 1000
; . 23 rooms; corner: rent 190 1200
, 14 rooms; part cash; near Orpheum 800
30 rooms; cheap rent; part cash 1200
37 rooms: offices: money maker 2100
CO rooms; rent $115; north of Market 2700
40 rooms: modern houFe; elegant 3«00
MARION GRIFFIN. ~
71) Market st.. near Call bldg.. Tel. black 1S03
O\-er 500 houses for sale Please call
.10 rooms: rent $35; Income $60 $350
27 rooms; nice; Income $250; fine furni-
ture; owner leaving city; reduced from
$2500 to 1900
17 rooms; n. Mkt.: easy terms; respectable. 700
a rooms: rent $60; must be sold 1000
LODGING-HOUSE buyers, notice! I have larg-
est list of lodging- houses and hotels; can 6ult
all buyers; title given ¦vrith each house sold;
money loaned buyers: no fake prices; before
buying call and be convinced.
O. W. SCHWEIXHARD,
Rooms 1-2. 917 Market st. ; tel. Mint 1911.
CO ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $150 $3000
37 rooms; money-maker: near Market.... 1900
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely Turn.: extra.. 930
15 rooms; Vavpnworth; rent J57 50 9<K)
10 rooms, $450; 10 rooms, quick 810
j FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market Ft.
CALL and s=ee our list of bargains In houses;
Tre have them In any part cf the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S
Sixth St.
i $240— 11 ROOMS; fine location; well furnished;
! all rented: lew rent. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
I A SNAP — 6 rooms, bath: other conveniences;
j steady roomers; going East; make offer. ' 413
j Larkin st.
! TO buy or sell business chances or lodging-
j houses. Fee ANDREW PRICE. SO Kearny st.
SPIRITUALISM.
M^sT^DrTfaRNIIAM. world^re7io^iirn^d~epTrit^
ual medium: advice in all affairs of life, law-
I suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty; clrs. Sun., Wed.. Fri. ev's.
Come and be convinced. Permanently located,
I D13 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
! C. V. MILLER, materializing trumpet seance.
I E p. m.. 50c. 10S1 BuFh St., nr. Leavenworth.
i MEETING to-night ; convincing test readings,
; 1-5 p. m. MRS. MAXWELL. 123S Howard St.
I MRS. HARLAND'S seance to-nijrht: tests to
i all: 10c: prophetic readings, 50c, $1. 14S Sixth.
j MRS. DUNHAM. 14 McAllister St.. room 33;
j circles to-day. 2 and 8 p. m.; sittings dally.
' W. O. KEEGAN'S spiritual meeting every
j night except Sat.. 10c- 148 Sixth. 2d floor.
j EARLE, 305 Taylor St.. corner Ellis— Sittings
1 daily; seance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
! MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. COS McAllister; 10c; come Bkeptics.
; MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus.medlum.llfe
j reader, medical clairvoyant 11C4 O'Farrell.
! MRS. GILLINGHAM— Hours. 9 to 4: meetings
Tues., Thur., Sun. ; devel. Fri. eve. S05 Larkin.
ilRS. LESTER— Readings. 50c; circle every eve,
ex. Sat., 10c: devel. circle Wed." eve. 222 Turk.
1 j MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
I readings daily. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
i 1IME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
. j "healer and card reader. 146 Eddy sL
'. C. Mayo-Steers. 112»4 Oak st., trance medium;
readings $1; hours 1-5 p. m. ; tel. Howard 627.
i FRIENDSHIP Hall. C35 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; slttlncs daily; tests to all to-night:10e.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
I '---riri,- .mm, j...
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and Eusiness Medium.
Is permanently located at 17 Third St., . next
Examiner building. She reads your life cor-
rectly, gives an accurate description of the
past, reveals the present happenings and por-
trays events to occur In the future. If you
are In trouble, discontented, unhappy or not
satisfied In life, or have domestic, love or busi-
ness troubles, consult this great medium and
I you ¦will be told how to overcome them.
i Valuable advice In all affairs of life.
Full life reading by mall: write for Informa-
tion; 2Jc up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
CONSULT the Quaker medium and palmist; she
will reunite you with your loved one; her ad-
. vice can be relic*! ui«on in all business affairs.
¦ . sales of property, oil. mines and lawrults: do
you want a better position? Call and learn how
to get it. MRS.K.SANDEUS,1104 Market, r. 2S.
j MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
! medium. Is permanently Jocated at 120S Mar-
ket it., ccrn^r of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and :s; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pa.m-
I phlet with sp<"clal terms. Dally and Sunday.
j MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant &-card
read»r, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladlps 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmlft. permanently located 114S Market, op.
Cth; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to G p. m.
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader,
: free tests 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor. Sixth.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
j present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 14.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
' palmistry; truth or no pay; 23c. 1143 Mission.
MRS. B. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant, business me.
dium; mining a specialty. 215 Kearny. r. S-10.
• MRS. VALEEN. palmist, clairvoyant, card
; reader and magnetic healer. 215 Leavenworth.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrfst. palm-
; 1st and card reading. 25c. 124U4 Market st.
1 MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm-
lFt and card reader; 23c. 7 Seventh st.
1 MRS. BROWN. 103 Fifth Bt., room 2—Sclentl-
fic card reading.
. MME. SYBILLE— Cradlft to grave: future hus-
' band's picture 23c; ladles. 914 O'Farre.U st.
MRS. Mclvlll. well-known clairvoyant," water '
• reader. 11. 6th;Gcrmn.nsnoken:tel.HowardlS46.
MME. ECHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;.'
sittings dally. <4S- / 4 Jessie st.
MLIE. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
- advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth^st.
. CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
' Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
• CARI'ETS cleaned at 3c per yard laid at Be.
[ STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel." Jessie 344.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet- Beating and Reno-
¦ vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
L ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
¦ CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 233 Golden
Gate ave; telephone East 126.
HELP WANTED— MALE.- --
A— MURRAY & READY .Phone Main CS48
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
.....". WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Man and wife, man as laborer, woman to do
cooking and housework for Oregon, see boss
here; groom, gentleman's stables $30
Stableman, country stable.. $30
Laborer for ranch
3 farm and 4 orchard hands J2G and $20
Dairymen and milkers $25 and $30
Pruners for orchard Buggy washer
...HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef cook, institution J $50
Waiter, plain place $A
Waiters, city and country $23 and $30
, Cooks, city and country $30 to $50
MURRAY & READY.? 634-63S Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 1S3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, country* hotel. $60; baker and
pastry cook, hotel, $C0; cake baker, country
shop, $oO; French broiler, $70; starch lroner.
$33: presser. $35 to $40. for hotel laundry,
country; dishwasher, country hotel, $23 and
fare paid; houseman, country hotel. $20.
Experienced, foreman for a BOlar salt plant.
$3 a day; wagonmaker for ranch, $40 and
board ; gardener for an Institution, country,
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
A— WANTED ',
Mattress repairer for Institution, country. $30
and found : 4 railroad laborers for sawmill
company, $26 and board: man about place.
$20; 2 farmers. $20; milker. $25; tinsmith. -$3
a day. W. D. EWEP. & CO.. 60S and 610 Clay.
HOUSEMAN and Inside porter for first-class
hotel, J20; porter, country hotel. $20; bellboy,
.$10. MBS. M. E. DAY & CO., 3S5 Geary St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
i' waiters, country hotels, $30.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union —
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS. ' Secretary.'
WANTED-Locksmlth or vise hand. WM. IL-
OUTZMAN, 1706 Dwight way. Berkeley.
W ANTED— Boys about 16 years of age. Apply
nt Rope Walk. Potrero.'
A MAN to open California oysters; steady Job.
332S Twenty-second st., near Valencia. /
WANTED — An experienced young man between
17 and 19 years for delivery wagon; one who
understands the city; state salary expected.
Hox 1774. Call offlce. - ¦. . /
WANTED— Good pressman on pants; good pay.
101 Kearny St., tpD floor. . ¦ .. ,
A GOOD waiter wanted; no other need apply.
1107 Market St.. near Eleventh.
CANVASSER wanted for Golden Gate Dye
Works, 1421 Point Lobos ave.
INDUSTRIOUS, honest boy from 14 to 16 years
of age. Box 17S2, Call offlce. '..
WANTED— A bedmaker at Reldy's Hotel. 1506
Kentucky st.. 'Potrero. . ¦ ~
COAT finishers wanted at 24 Haye» Bt.
BARBERS— Transient barber shop for sale;
cheap. Inquire 222 East St. '
WANTED— Reliable plumber. Apply S to 10.
633 Mission st. , : — -,y
TAILOR wanted on fine custom coats; steady
work; good pay. 533 Natoma st.
¦WAITER to carry trays and do porter work.
37 Eddy st.
BOY wanted; must be strong and willing, and
be ¦well recommended. 113 Grant ave.
TAILOR; must be first-class baster and press-
er; no others need apply; steady position.
113 Grant ave.
WANTED — A good barber at the Palace bar-
ber shop, at the Presidio.
WANTED— A- shoemaker on repairing. Call 631
Sacramento nt.
BARKERS! — A good paying 2-chair shop at a
sacrifice. Inquire at DECKELMAN JBROS.,
103 Ellis Bt. .
WANTED— A common, steady laborer; tend
two horses and wagon, cleaning in store: no
driving; married German pref. Box 1763. Call.
BARBEItS — lCc 2-chair shop for sale In coun-
try; doing fine business; living rooms. In-
qulre DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis >t.
YOUNG capable machine hand. Furniture fac-
tory, 20T1 Seventeenth St., near Folsom.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st. •
GET your shoes half-soled while 'waiting:: ZZc
to 50c. E62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BARBERS— Shoo for sale with three living
rooms. 1612% Folsom st., near Twelfth.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than 0 feet 4 inches and not "over 6 feet
1 Inch In height; able to read, write and
speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Offlce. -4J E11U
St.. San Francisco. Cal. ,
MEN OR WOMEN
Paid Big Commissions
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. 21 Spear st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
I weeks required; position guaranteed: special
Inducements; catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st. I
ALL sizes men's shoes, silently damaged half j
price. EC2 Mission st., bet. 1st and Cd sts. •
WANTED— Laborers an'l mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BRIGHT men of good address; money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between S and
9 a. in. at 302 Post st.
PANTS and vest maker for country. Apply
REISS BROS. CO., 24 Sutter St.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tuition
at S. F. Barber school. 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm, 8C6 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
; ket; 700 rooms, 23c night: reading-rooms; freo
1 'bus and baggage to and. from ferry.
i A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
; CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
i received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
.nEMORRHOIDS,
ANY case of Piles, Piles, Piles. Piles; 200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed;
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. CalL
HORSES AND WAGONS. ¦
40 HORSES for Bale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
. 3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. V. Pancoast,' sec, 510 Golden Gate ave.
STYLISH buggy. horse for sale; lady can drive.
Inquire 1214 Mason st.
JGO— TOP' buggy, piano box. nearly new; bar-
galn. 632 Market St.. room 6. .
2 FRESH Durham cows; rich milk; IS to 20
quarts dally; gentle. S3 Shotwell st.
THREE fast road horses; also some good
business horsrs at 721 Howard st.
A — 100 SETS second-Tiand ¦ harness: wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys.^horses. 1140 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for^ sale cheap. ' 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO I,ET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. II. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE of 8 rooms; 2 lots: large basement:
rent S14. Key corner. Eighth' and Alabama.
HOUSES TO LIST — FURNISHED.
DOWNTOWN FLAT\ T
Four rooms and bath: modern and new; rur-
niture for sale; porcelain tub; rent $22 BO.
• Key room 128 Murphy building, 1236 Market.
WILL rent all or a portion of a sunny, well-
furnished house of 10 rooms; gas and a coal
range; telephone; yard; stable. 1U Capp st.
- HOUSE CLEANING. . ™
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co., estab. 18W;
removed to 419 Devlsadero st. tel. Fell 138.
/LOST AND FOUND. ~
LOST— $25 reward; January 30, Oakland or
Berkeley, lady's rold bunting-case watch, en-
graved L. K. Hayward. Store, 4203 Pied-
mont aye., Oakland.
LOST— Scotch collie pup: Flllmore and Golden
• Gate ave. Return to 9C8 Fillmore st. ; reward.
LOST — Saturday evening, on Franklin st.
mother-of-pearl - opera-glass handle. Liberal
reward upon returning same to 1900 Jackson.
LOST— A bunch of keys north of Market st..
between East and Kearny. Finder will re-
'-. celve liberal reward at 68 Second st.
LOST— A ladies' gold watch and chain. Re-
1 turn" t o 612 ' Francisco ; reward.
LOST— Chamois . bag ; containing 2 . diamond
. rings and . a small pair ' of diamond screw
earrings and a stamp picture. , Finder please
v return to : Rev. MRS. M. .- 8. LEVY. 1353
Poaj St.. and receive $100 reward. ¦•• \j\
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbernla Savings
. and Lean Society of .San Francisco In this
name of BARTLETT S. MORRISSET. . No.
204-631. ¦ The finder will please return to bank.
8I^SICALIXSTnniEXT3.
AT agents' cost closed out Walla. TVaifa ae"cy!
3 Stelnways y^, iss. $324
1 Hallet & Davis %m
2 Chickertngs $165. J2S3
. 1 Novella $65
1 Heine $233
2 Haynes (35 others) $235
We handle ail makes; agents fer some old-
est and most famous pianos In existence.
Our new rent contract, rent or buy. $;.
Privilege to return or exchange at any time.
Hallet & Davl? pianos, exclusive, oldest.
most famous. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary.
ABSOLUTELY" the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLEIt & CHASE'S tt.
2S and 30 CFarrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tte
customer.
5 ORGANS, from £5 to J». ~~~~
I second-hand pianos, from $73 to JliS.
4 new uprights from tloO to J133.
Guaranteed: easy payments. BENJAMIN
CURTAZ & SON, 16-1S-29 O'Farrell »t.;
Checkering agency.
A FINE stock of new and second-hand pianos:
special bargains this week: a beautiful up-
right, tlZi. DEWING CO.. 12 Flood building.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap; brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
A CLEARING out sale of pianos in storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage, 1710 Market st.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and SpcUman Pianos. 303 Post.
SPECIAL SALE — Immense reductions; see our
leader, only $150. «BRUENN, 203 Post st.
3-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain; owner
leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
AT KEEFFfrS, 9C3 Market St.. ? elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agancy.
BEST rent stock in city; new pianos, J3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. CCO Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. II.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
CORNER store— West corneT^ourtlT and Perry
sts.; occupied as grocery and bar for pa.»t
SO years; rent $:0; water free. Apply to O.
H-. UMBSEN & CO.. H Montgomery st.
BEST location *ln city for milliner or ladies'
tailor; rent $40. Apply 13 Eddy st.
OIL.
ANY part of iCOO arrfs of oil land. n»ar Oil
City, for sale at Jl tt per »cre. Address or
see G.. 1413 Call building. San Francisco.
JOSEPH B. TOPLIT'/. »f» Pine street
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
2300 ACRES nil land; S3 to ?3Crc per acre W
C. HAMILTON. * Flood hijlH!ng. '
OIL LAXDS FOR SALE.
KERN River; proven territory; line of R. R.
Newton. Carmen & Somes, r. 1C4, Chronicle.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered, $3
up. Jensen & Bath. SOS Sixth; open evenir.ga.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientlflc palmist. 51S
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and post; tel. Black SSL
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charce unless successful.
GEO. IX CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
GOOD horns ¦with bright futurw open for little
girl from 1 to 3 years old; also strong,
healthy brunette boy baby. MRS. DR.
FUXKE, Itl6 Eighth at.. Alameda,
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 13
years' experlenv J. B. RAY. 337 Jessie Bt.
FINE suits. J10; dress pants, J2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 427 Montgomery it.;
open evenings until S o'clock.
PRIVATE detective work; skillful Investiga-
tor; low rate3. Box 1CC-S, Call offlce.
"WEAK men made strong at ence or no chanre;
no drugs., no electricity. Address hex 1711.
Call office.
FRED MANN, magnetic therapeutist, 81S Mc-
AUister— Head troubles? weak eyes, failtns
sight, ear complaints cured; without medicine.
ELECTRIC light In every room — 'Winchester
Hotel. A* Third *t.. near Market: 700 rooms;
r:c to Jl 50 per night; II 50 to J5 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near line.
WHITE enamel ircn beds single. thr»e-<i'jarte-
or double. ?2 ?3. EASTERN OUTFITTING^
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Eroadway.
WHY guess? You are certain of style and fit by
ready! DOMESTIC OTFlcJ. 1021 "Markers" '
SUPERFLUOUS hair and rrnle* destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutt?r st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wins;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mlct.
DR. LAMOTTF/S French Corn Paint, thj best
corn cure; 2Cc: all druggists.
ALFP.EDU1IS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; Jl: at all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 15 pages, sent to any address In th»
United Ftates nr Canada f.np vear for SI.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DrT C cT~O^D^N7^ETl^f^"ana~resideBc^
1C21H Market st.. b?tw»»n Sixth and S»v-'-ith.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WILL pay spot cash fcr Park or Panhandle
property: give full description of what you
have. Box 1762. Call office.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
REAL ESTATE EAROAIXs" *
A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE KEARNT.
K1C0— REDUCED FROM J2Z00.
Four data; rents 130: all rented.
S38B0L
Four flats; rents X43: downtown, nr. Fourth.
seoeo.
Three choice fiats: near Post and Taylor sts. s
pays 10 per cent; 27 feet front; offer iranted,
fc:O(V-HYDE-ST. CORNER.
12-room house; lot 40x90 feet.
$11,000.
Eutter st., near Taylor; very cheap.
J7SC0.
Flats: brand r.ew; east ci Van Keu avtv.1
rents $72; all rented.
JH.0C0.
Grand It-room residence on Jackscn st.
*h,oco-reduci:d from 113,500.
Business property; earns tenastj lor years;
store and rooming hcuse.
iis.oco.
Grand corner: Leavenworth »t. : 80 feet front:
all rented for JlJj; mortgage S30GO can remain
at 6 per cent.
$73.CCO-REDUCED FT.OM IS2.0CO.
Choice corner lot. t'3-loot front; within half a
block of Market et. ; with old Improvements;
rents about $400; the only corner that can b*
bought vicinity of Sixth st.
Rents J100; three new Kats; cholc* locality.
$3).oco.
Corner, 60- foot- front; vicinity Sutter »t-. east
of Hyde; grand hotel, cfiice or rooming-house .
Bite; rents $107.
$30. CCO.
137:6x1^ feet.: northwest corner Clay and
Cough sts.; cheapest and choicest residence
corner to be had: grand panoramanic view;'
easily worth JiO.000.
J33.CfiQ INVESTED.
Grand corner: brand new building; guaran-
teed lease pays $C00 a month net.
Jl.\00O— VICINITY SECOND ST.
Corner ?5xlC2 feet, with improvement*; rent-
ing for $150 per month.
This district is booming.
$14,000— NEAR SECOND AXD MISSION".
Lot 42x70 feet; rents nominal; a aura snap.
• J20.CCO.
Sutter-st corner; S7:t>xS7:6; elegant Improve-
ments: rents $:.%!> per annum.
tZ».V»— REDUCED FROM SS3.0CO.
Corner Mission and Fourteenth sts. ;¦• lot ITOx
160 feet; three frontages; cfTsr wanted: must
sell.
A- M. SPECK & CO..
€67 Market st.. opscsita Kearny.
Correspondence solicited.
NORTH of the Tark and close In I am offering
some of the choicest building lots tn Rich-
mond at such low prices that the buyer* can
see a fine profit. It Is a safe proposition that
If the banks will le:id the greater portion oj
the purchase money that tha lots are ex-
ceedingly cheap, w*!l located and not ¦ab-
ject to any more expenses for street work or
grading. Get in anJ make some money.'
You can pay In Installments as well. Keep
to real estate. It is the safest and rerest.
Cet your home. Ee sure to sea these lota.
"W. J. GUX.N, K» California »t.; between
Montgomery acd Kearny.
IF you have property north of the Part anil
you wtsh to sell quickly, then call on TV. J.
Cl'NX. 530 California st.
$3200— TEHAMA St., n-ar Third; lot r.x75: H-
room house; lents $30; bargain. DONNELLY
CO.. 623 Market st^
$3.000— GOOD business property: rents $1MO
, per year: steady.- Address Owner, box ITij,
Call office.
HOUSE and lot; pries KCO; Point Richmond.
new town, end of Santa F» road: rcnta for
$10 a month. Address OEO. W." LISTON.
— — — »— ~~^
HE A L ES.TATE— CO U NTR Y—^o r Sale
M. " GRIFFIN. 719 Market, sells and exchanges
city ami country realty; printed Usta; Sono-
ma. Eanta Clara, Shasta and other counties.
WRITE J.'W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma'^for
, free copy, of Sonoma Co. real estate barjilna;
SAX PHAACISCO CAM* •
- .
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Ca.Il. comer cf Market and Third streets; open
until J2 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 53 Montgomery street,
corner C!ay; open until 9:33 p. m.
CV) Hayes r.trect; epen until 9:30 p. m.
€3? McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C13 Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
;9« Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
*;C1 Market street, comer Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. tn.
3^ Eleventh rtrwet; open tint!! S p. m.
3r>6 Valencia etreet; open until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A- M., O
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- .JV.
ING. February 5. a: 7:33 o'clock.
Slated meetlr.c and R. A. Degree. /Ti
By order cf the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodce No. SO. F. and m
A. M-— Stated meeting THIS (TUES- _JV_
I AY) EVENING, at T:iu o'clock.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary. /V^
MOUNT Morlah Lodge No. U. F. and •
A. M.— Of^ccrs ar.d members are re- flV
i-;.»e'..fu::y requested to asserr.ble at /£3\
tlie Temple TUESDAY. February 6. »V >
at 2 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of attepd-
Jr.g the funeral cf our !ate brother, MARTIN
WHITE. Ey oriSer of the W. M.
THEO FROLICH. Sea.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 1C6. F. and A. M. o
Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) ,£%
EVENING, at 7:I0 o'clock. jC2f
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. /xTN
ORIENTAL Lo<lre No. 344. F. and A. M. m
Ftate-1 meeting THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING, at S o'clock. K5f
A. S. IIUBBARD. Secretary. rW\
COSMOPOLITAN L->dffe No. 19i. -jS*«S£2».
I. O. O. F.— Installation of r.:T".ccrs J -Vj33?Nfc:
and official visit by the prnr.d
master. W. TV. WATSON. y Wl^
WEDNESDAY EVENING. February 6. A
eood time assured. AH members-are request-
?•d to be present. VlEitinjr brothers cordially
invited. M. J. URIZARD. N. G.
W. L. METJPER, Recording Secretan'.
CALIFORNIA Council No. »^a»^A«—^T
." . Natii nal 1'r.i n. »»-.»'^«'°f*i l
TO-NIGHT. Biles Hall. ' *'<%»
ft. Initiation, re-
freshments and entertainment. Visitors cor- I
diaily welcomed.
W. A. R NICHOLSON'. President.
CHAS. II. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
A. O. H.. DIVISION No. 2— The regu-<\<^»
lar monthly meetinj of this division \S\vJf
¦win be held at Hibernla Hall. 1T0 Sky$
Ninth et., oa TCEfiDAY, Feb. 5. 1931. CCW&
it 7:Z0 p. xn. •"«&
JOHN KENNY. President.
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
MECHANICS' Institute- Election notice: The
annual e!ectlcn for seven trustees of the
Mechanics' Institute will be held at the Me-
chanics' Institute Library building. 31 Post
rt.. San Francisco. TUESDAY. February 26, i
1S?L OEOUGE BEANSTON,
Recording Secretary.
JCOTICE of stockholders' meetinjr — A precis!
meeting of the stockholders of the Honolulu
eugar Company is called for and will be
held tt the offlce of the company. No. 327
Market Ft.. San Frar Cisco. Cal.. on MON-
JDAY. Februarj' IS. ir«Cl. at 11:30 o'clock a.
m., for the purpose of considering a propo-
sition to dirsolve the corporation and to con-
t'.der such other business es may come be-
fore the meeting. By order of the President.
E. II. SHELDON.
Secretary Honolulu Sujrar Company.
Dated f-an Francisco, February 2. 1901.
THE sr.nual meeting of the stockholders of
the Sierra Ra'lway Company of California
m-i!I be reli at the offlce of the company.
number IC9 Crocker building. City and County
rZ San FYancisco. State of California, on
MONDAY, the 11th day cf February. 1901. at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose j
of electing directors for the ensuing year and
the ;r:r. -— . rt;- n of euch other business as may
come before caid mooting.
E. M. RICKEY. Secretary.
Datefl January 2*. 1S01. j
AGEXTS WASTED.
AOETNT5— T>st "Life of Quen Victoria." Coast
fcea.<5qucru-rs for complete and authentic
memorial volume; outfit free; send 10c for I
jiostasre. R. R. Patterson. 429 Monfgy. S. F. j
AGrCNTS — Bonanza: rend a »><?If-addressed j
Ftarr.ped ecrtiopa for circular and particulars.
SrAfltoa facx IT* 1 ?, Call office. J
AGKNT In every town; new Imported house- i
held necessitv; best thingr on the coast.. {
At\e.n-er nun'.w Mfar. Co.. 14 Flood bide.. S.F. i
ADOPTIOX.
HEALTHY babT Ear adoption! MRS. DK
FUN'KE. K1S nisrhth Ft. Alameda. I
ASPIIALTtM HOOPING.
J. PELTIER. apphr>!t roofing, eidewalks re- i
palreri: postal. 11SG Missior.: tel. Folsom 1607. j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. *
~- — — — _.. _^ i
ADVICE free; divorce !axr a specialty; private; '
no fe« v.-ithout ?u»cpf5; oollr-ctior-s. G. \V. |
HOWE, atty at law, K><) Market, cor. Stockton. {
FRANK W. SMITH, mining and probate law a i
specialty. Mills big., r. 3. 4th fir. ; tel. Red 2C1S. ;
ADVIf^n free: no fharse unless successful. AY", i
V.'. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., opp. Mason. \
L. S. CLAHK. Emir.a Pprcckels bldg.. J27 Mar- j
k*t tt. : consultation fr^e: no fees in advance, i
BATil CADIXETS. j
ELECTRIC light bath cab'.nets to let and for \
tale. 11Z6 Point Loboa ave.
BOAKDI.VG FOR CHILDREN.
LADY with own heme would like 1 or 2 email
children to board: good care. 221S 16th et.
«LSI>i^hS CIXAXCI2S.
A— JttO; DAIRY produce and delicacy stand; in :
leading market of city; rent J15; good paying; ,
partners can't agree. R. G. WILKE. 26y» ;
Kearny et.
A— 1<:0; SALOON, with mercantile lunch; also
living rooms; among the wholesale houses;
low rent; pood business. Call R. G. WILKE, j
!£•» Kearny Et. j
A— j:750: SALOON, few doors south of Market |
•t.; place kept by owner 12 years and Is do-
Ing a eood business: eicknesa only cause of
ea>: net rent Jio. Inquire IX. G. V.'ILKE, 2C^
ICearry M.
A-J7K); EALOON; rent $30; place doing a busl-
ness of J7f»~' per month; patronized by sailors
and rcldierr; about $200 cleared In JO days.
Call R- Q. WILKE. 2SU, Kearny 6t.
A— J1000; TEA. cofT«-e and crockery store, on
Stockton St.; rent $4S; 11%-lng rooms; fixtures |
and stock will invoice the once: owner en-
raped otherwise. Call R. G. WILKE. lt<A '
Kearnr ft. ;
A— IS00: COIINHR butcher shop. In northern
part cf city: rent »:»; horse, cart; selling 4
cattle and about li sheep per week; a cash
custom. Call R. G. WILKE. X\~ Kearny et.
A — f3 200 : REPTA L'RA N T and coffee saloon ¦
<?lo!«e to Union Iron Works; rent JGO; 4 years'
lease; a first-rir.ss paying business: ownei
tr.UFt leave frr N. Y. to settle estate; inves-
tigate and iccke ofTor. It. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny Ft. " i
m;y nns of husinkss opportunities—
You ran tecure f.ne buflnerses in s-aloor.s, gro-
ceries, cigar stores, hotels. dolioate«?ens. drug
Ptores. butcher Fhops. barber shops. In fact. If j
ycu are looking for a«y kin'l of business, call I
I can eurply you. Perfect title guaranteed and j
money leaned. Can you expect more? Profit
by calling en me before buying
O. W. SCHWEINHARD
Rooms 1-2. rr7 Market Ft., bet. Dth and 6th.
1373 — KAKEIiY und coffc; saloon; fine place*
good trade. McLAUGHLIN. 777V4 Market st!
$«7i— SALOON: No. 1 location: fine flxtures-
fu'.l value. McLAITGHLIN. 777?i Market st!
HS-CIOAR store; pood Mock and trade- bar-
gain. Mclaughlin. 777^ Market et.'
WANTED— Partner in f-ooi paying manufac-
turing bus:ne*s: Investments guaranteed" i
wholesale, retail; tcooo working capital re- 1
quirt'l I<7 Fifth st., cigar store. :.;..•
TO buy or k>I1. oit'ar etores. bakeries, restau-
rants. rc'.oons, butcher fihops or business of
cny kind. F>r-e Eureka Real Kstate Co., 28 Cth.
fSS^CSOU'XKQ office business ct cotrt; for
lasly <*¦ pent: ICCO In Fi^ht; must aell this
wwfc. r«>x COSO. Call office. Oakland.
FOIt sale — Can<3y ntcre. factory and Ice cream
parlor on rrinrinal street; established many
regr*. 1612 Market st.
GENTLEMAN v.-ould like a lady with email
«-af»fta! as rnrtner In poultry business. Iiox
1T.-S. Call office.
REAL estate and business agency: offlce to
rer.t: fixtures for sale. . i<06 Market st.. rm. (i.
jcoc— ItUSTAVRANT; block eo. Market; cleprs
$100 mo.; rent 540: 3 liv. rms. Basile. 3 Eddy.
SALOON, cijrar etorc and elu,broom cheap; go-
ing to -Alaska, HANSEN. 777 Market st.
FOK Kile— Paper routes In country town. Box
I7CS. Call of ace.
RESTAURANT nnd coITee Ealoon; dally re-
ceipts ab&ut $cn. Call ct place, 410 Kearny.
FOR fca.e— A good store fitting and carpenter
shop: half Interest or the whole thing;, well
establieh^d. i:ox 1710, Call offlce.
TO lease— Unfurnished, hotel. 21 rooms, good-
paying bar. nt San Rafael station. Owner. 11
Lyon et.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Oood mining, manufacturing cr
timber proposition. Address box 1744. CalL. NAPA,- Feb. 4.— There is every prospect
that Bcrryeasa' '. Valley, twenty-seven
miles northeast of this city, will become
one of the great oil producing sections in
California. Since Thomas A; • Flnnell,. an
expert of forty years' experience, - dis
covered oil 'on the J.' W. Harris place
three months ago. Napa capital has, been
invested .daily, and now ihere are ten
companies incorporated. It Is estimated
that ¦ $.55,000 "of Napa County money has
been put into oil stock, from which the*
Investors expect to reap. rich returns. *'¦„
Several oil experts from San Francl*:o
and Bakerslleld have visited the Berry
essa fields, and they claim that the Napa
County product is superior to any yet dis
covered in the State. The Berryesaa oil
has been analyzed In the metropolis by oil
experts, and has been pronounced first
class for lighting, fuel and machinery
purposes. . .. • : . ; . . ¦ .. , .
• None of the companies have commenced
boring yet, but it is expected that a start
wlU-be-tmule very soon. On. the Harris
place the oil Is seeping out v of the > well
that was discovered there: by Flnnell. at
the rate of several barrels a day. is
the property of the Mount Shasta Oil Com
pany. >' At : the Knoxvllle ! mines there is« a
flow that nets thlrty-slx. gallons a> day.
Five thousand acres of land has . been,
located upon since the discovery "Was
Napa Capital Being Invested in Prom
ising Land in the
Valley.
BERRYESSA OIL FIELDS
: WILL BE DEVELOPED
SANTA ROSA, .* Feb. % 4.^-Edward i Neal, ar
rested for i breaking , into 1 a store : at Penngrove
a short time ago.? and who pleaded' guilty.- was
to-day sentenced by Judge Burnett to one year
In Folsom. •-nflBnaBMHBHMRh r '
WASHINGTON. Feb. 4.— The revenue
law: enacted by the Porto Rlcan^ Legisla
ture Just before its' adjournment last week
is. the subject of- a protest by. cable -to the
Senate' which-. was 1 laid before that-.body
to-day. The protest t was dated r at_San
Juan, signed by. '.'Saldana, chalrman.^nd
Is ns follows: -•¦.:, : . ;
!'The people -of- Porto .Rico In • mass
meeting assembled yesterday,. represented
by. 2000 delegates, -constituting practically
(he,, whole wealth 'of the' Island, respect
fully and earnestly 1 protest t to the Senate
of the United . States against the ; revenue
act rushed through the Legislative Assem
bly during the last minutes of its session
and ; signed * by the Governor : at s midnight
on .presentation.; notwithstanding .the
unanimous opposition of the insular presa
and public' opinion,., and announce- the
sending to Washington of a duly author
ized commission- to petition a demand 1 for
Its annulment, as provided In section 31 of
the Porto, Rico civil- government act.". ; -.
ate Commenting Upon Action qf
Local Legislature. :
Address' Memorial to American Sen-
PORTO RICANS PROTEST
AGAINST REVEWTTE -ACT
Completion of the new Federal building
in San Francisco. $l;155,055; corhpletlon of
the poKtofllco in Oakland, $125,000; comple
tlon'of the addition. to the Federal build
ins in los Anselen. Jl'50,000; rental of the
temporary quarters of : the same. - $8500;
completion of the postofflce in Stockton,
$40,950; continuation of .work on the public
building in Seattle, J100.000; completion of
the. public building In -Ralem,' Or.,- $25,000;
completion of the t tender for the Thir
teenth Lighthouse District, $20 000; light
house and fog signal stations in Alaska,
$150,000; completion of the revenue cutter
for the Pacific Coast, $112,500; boarding
vessel, Port Townsend quarantine station.
$40,000; enforcement of the Chinese exclu
sion act, $200,000 (an increase of $90,000 over
the present year):* improving Urays Har
bor, Wash:, $138,225; San Pedro, Cal., con
struction of breakwater, $146,000; Everett
harbor. Wash., $90,000; continuation of the
stone wall boundary line. Presidio, San
Francisco, $5000; California Debris Com
mission, $15,000; surveys and resurveys of
the Pacific Coast, including Alaska and
Hawaii, $107,500; bill authorizing: the Presi
dent in case of threatened or -actual-epi
demic of' cholera, yellow fever, smallpox
or bubonic plague to spend certain unex
pended balances, and $500,000 in addition
thereto, in aid 'of State and local boards
In preventing and suppressing the spread
of, same and in execution : of quarantine
laws; Soldiers' Home, Santa Monica, $251.-
EGO; for removal .and ¦ .reconstruction of
lighthouse buildings to make way for new
fortifications at Admiralty Head, Wash.
$12,000. t '¦; „ \- ¦¦¦<¦ ¦¦-¦ '
WASHINGTON. Feb. 4.— Following ' are
the principal Pacific Coast items ¦ in the
sundry civil appropriation bill reported in
the House to-day:' . '
on Public Buildings and
Other Works.
Various Sums of Money to Be Spent
FEDEBAL APPROPRIATION
FOR^PACiriC COAST
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
II P Starhuck. Sta B J It Thorpe. Denver
W R nurfe*", Wls A B McAllister, Lob A
C Kchwlnkardt, Mo Mr Wilks, Canada
Mrs Schwlnkardt, Mo Mrs Wilks, Canada
Mrs W A Mercer. USA Mrs Glass, Spokane
MIfs Mercer. USA LO Bell, N T
T H Sherlln, RS A Mrs Bell, N Y
Mrs Hherlln, ITS A \V S Lane, Denver
H C Clark, Minn H J Schaeffer, Seattle
Mrs Clark, Minn A Bettens, Byron
W B Mathews, Los A J R CravathJ Chicago
C Ilaupt, Los Ang J Harrington, Colusa
Mrs-IIaupt, Los Ang C K Urquart, Phlla
H B Wood, San Josa Mrs Urquart, Phila
Mrs Wood, San Jose G H Hlghbee, Iowa
W H Hill, Phlla Mrs Highbee. Iowa
Mrs Hill, Phlla O Rosenberg, Chicago
W H Hill Jr., Phlla Mrs Rosenberg, Chgo
Mr Henschel, London O E Never, Paso Rob
Mrs Henschel, London D W Simpson, 111
I'ay Dougherty, II S X J Whlttaker, Gait
II L Pmlth, Vallejo Mrs Whlttaker. Gait
J C Clayton, Chicago C H Colhurn, Vlr City
J D Grossln, San Jose C E Adair, Los Ang
J Lippman. Salt Lake J H Crawford, Wash
C It Conkey, Spokane Mrs Crawford, Wash
E Burke, Baker City F G Klttledze. Mo
¦\V L Hardlaon, Lob A J M Kelly, Phlla
C E Handy, Los Ang J Johnson, Phila
G Kolterhoff, Jr., L A W R Nicholson, Phila
H C Potter, -Chicago A W Moore, Tesla
E A Davis, Chicago A Dallman. N Y
J W Rtevell, Mont K H Stevens, N Y
C C Hones, Mont P McCormlck, St Lake
F Baker, N Y L R Brown, N Y
Mrs Baker, N Y W A Slaver, N Y
A M Gray, Seattle E Kaufman. St Louis
J D Seeley, St John - R W Hanstn, N Y
Mrs Seeley. St John J L Blackwell, Cal
C H Souther, BoMon J I Hey ward, N Y
C O Helfner. Seattle P B Thompson, N Y
J W Srhlevely, Olymp M Hnrbster, Pa
M Galtensoell, Cal G N Jacoby, ' Pa
J H Mathesan, Wash F \V Stansbury, N T
Mrs Matheson, Wash A Bank Jr., Baltimore
W A Schwarzkoff. Cal E L Mathews, Md
E S Wiltsee. Denver H S Farquhar, Md
D H McEwen, Pomona J W Buckley, Md
U C Glllis, Sta Monica
GRAND HOTEL.
A W Rlt*.er. Ix>ulBville C L Harker & w. Cal
A - Fibush, Oakland T O Walker, Wtsnvllle
C C Van Valer, Cal- D B Stephenson. L An
C A Van Vaier, Cal H G Parlow, Plcervllle
F K Ware, Cal V AV Willie, Cal
M Christensen, R Vista J W Kaseburg, Sacto
C A Sweeny, Antioch O J Culhertson. Cal .
Capt Hoyd, Cal- --H C Mitchell, LeadvIU
H E Harrison, Cal a A Buell & w, Stktn
A II Morse & w, Valjo D B Harris. Fresno
J J Burke, N Y \<j C Hart. Sacto
H T A«ll<>r, Cnl A E IJalton, Cal
W Carrick, a Rosa A J Larson, Lodl
W J Stewart. Oakland G 15 Wilson. Petaluma
WE Mnldrup, Alarfftd|J R l)oex, Petaluma
S F Brown. Seattle M F Cochrane, Cal
E n Reed. Bkrsfleld \V F Knox, Sacto
B O Fulkas. W.ash L Schlllli? & w. .Cat
N Blackntock, Ventura C Schuster & w, Wls
W H Anderson. L Ang J W Laird, Bkrsflelrt
H E Schmldtcnberg, C H Ronoy. Phlladel
Pomona C Nanten. Seattle
G W Mutch, Butte E L Webber, Cal
R : M Green, Orovllle |I Bcniwn & fam Or
AH Price & w, Cal C L Merryman, Cal
II P Sweet, Los. Ang C L Stephens. Stanfd
V L Mitchell, L Ang B Boroch, Yolo
J C Conkllng, S Jose ' I Rosenberg, Woodland
G W Bisbee. Auburn C S Merlng, Yuba
H M Ellis, Sacto • IJ E Sullivan. R Vleta
R U Everene. Da.wsonlW L Morris, Woodland
C Howard, PlacervillelE D Smith, Woodland
E M W Hill. Martlnea M K Wallace. Cal
L C Pegot, 8 L Obispo A M Allen. Monterey
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Jahn. Plttsbur.* G W Condon & w. Cal
B Llnlerman, 'Minn W Armstrong-, Mich
J Clark, Manila . M Ridge. Plttsburtr
G Bailey, Manila C P Schockley, U 8 N
A Dredger, Manila E R Smith, Ohio
W G Dlna. Manila Mrs Cameron. Or
E J Mulroy. Ingleslde Miss Cameron, Or
J W Peters, Spokane D W Simons, NIdrta
EH Becker. Ill M Crego, 111
ORDERS DISCONTINUANCE
OF THE ARMY CANTEEN
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.-The first gen
eral order issued by the War Department
in execution of the provisions of the army
reorganization act directs the discontinu
ance of the sale of beer, wine and lntoxi
catinsr liquors on all military reservations
and army transports. The order was Is
sued to-day and is very terse and concise
In Its terms.
After reciting the anti-canteen provision
of the law, the order proceeds: "Com
manding- officers will immediately carry
the provisions of this law into full force
and effect, and will be held strictly re
sponsible that no exceptions or evasions
are. permitted within their respective ju
risdictions." .
Although the order makes no special
reference to the military reservations at
Fort Monroe, Va., and West Point, N. Y.,
It Is stated at the War Department that
under the terms of the law it will be neces
sary to discontinue the sale of all intox
icating liquors on those reservations, and
that the bars :it Fort Monroe and In the
hotel at West Point will have to be closea
at once.
REAL ESTATE TBANSACTIO1TS.
•RoRall6 II. Schwarze to Louise E. Sehwarzo,
lot on E line of Buchanan street, 80 S of Pine,
5 22:fi by E 82:6: si". •
Harry \V. . Goodnll to Charles Bliss, lot onS
lino or McAllister street, 180 W of Steiner, *W"
23 by S 137:6: 13500. ¦ ¦ . :
John and Emma Luders to'Jacob and Kath
erine Itenz, lot on W line of Norfolk (Nevada)
street. 76 N of Harrison, N 22:6, W 63, S 26,
E to beginning; J2O0O. ¦ '
Juliet ta or '.Tuliaetta Crowley to Joseph F.
Burke, lot on :N line of Seventeenth street,
222:6 13- of Valencia, E 65 by N 113; J7500.
Catherine • l«. ¦ Kennedy (wife of James) to
John Kavanagh Jr. and . Hannah M. Brosnan,
lot on; N line of Fifteenth street, 165 W oi
Sanchez, \V 25. by N 115; $10. - • :,
. William and Clara McCormlck to Frank J.
Fuller, lot on N line of Seventeenth street, 105
E of Noe, E 25 by N 91:6;. $2000.
\ Susan and Walter F. Hayward- and Nellie
Parry or Perry and John Perry to David Con
don (slnsrle), lot on W line of Noe street, 198
N of Twentieth. N 25 by W 125; J1C0O.
Same to Joseph F. Dolan (single), lot on W
line of Noe street, 223 N of Twentieth, N 124
by W 125; $3000. . . .
Michael J. and John F. Brown to Charles F.
Marwedel, lot on SB line of Lick alley, 80 SW
of First street," SW 28 by SE 25; $3000.
Patrick Menlhan - to Margaret- Menihan. lot
on SB line of . Howard ¦ street, 200 SW qf
Fourth, SW 25.by.SE 80; -grift. -. -.
Sarah McKendry "to Janet and Emily I.
Wade, '¦ lot on AV. line of Twenty-fourth-avenue,
150 N of Lake street, N 50 by W 120; $1000. ..
San Franciaco Land Company to Paul-Oak
ley, lot ' on . E line of • Seventh avenue. 10S :o%
N of California street. N 25 by E 120; J15C0. -
Patrick Keeley to John J. Cronan, lot on 8
line of Merrltt- street. -75.18 W of Hattie, W
25.06. -S- 81.12," E 25.01, N 80.25. block B. Park
Lane Tract; $500. . >» ,¦ ¦ .
. Henry and Herman Peters to Alice C. Peten,
lot on E line of South Broderick street. 51:3
N of Fourteenth, N" 23 by E 86 :3, block C. Park
Hill Homestead; $1000.
Flora A. ¦• Bland . to William F. ; Wilson, re
record 1S87 D.- 345, 'lot on E line of Park Hill
avenue, 252:7Vi 8 of Buena Vista, ' S 25 by E
113. block B.' Park Hill Homestead: $1500.
' Timothy P. * and Margaret Riordan '. to Ellen
McDonald (wife of Patrick J.). lots 1 to .4,
block 49, City Land Association;, also lot on
NE line of Ninth street. 25 NW- of Tehama,
NW 25 by NE 80::also lot' on S line of Faral
lonea street. 175 E of Plymouth; E 25 by S 125.:
block -K,- Railroad : Homestead Xo. 2; .also lot
on W line of Salmon street, 57:6 S of Broad
way. . S 20 by . W CO; gift.
Builders': Contracts. - 1 \ -
Alvinza • Hayward '(otrner). with George H.
Tay Company (corporation),- contractor, archi
tect, - Henry - H. Meyers— Radiation and steam
heating v for 11-story, fireproof building on NE
corner California I and Montgomery, streets, N
93 by E -S7:<;-< total. $11,100. -.- v- -
¦ - * B. H. Lichtenstein ; (owner), '* with Petterson
6 ¦¦> Persson :. (contractors), , William Mooser ¦ &
Son (architects)— Removal *, Of present building
and all -work for. a 3-story, and basement frame
building on'S line of O'Farrell street. 117:6 .W
of Muon, W 43 by 8 60: total, *637». :
Emrua* F. • Beardsley (owner), . with ? Edward
T. > Lettar. :.; (contractor)," r architect, — — •. —All
work except shades, ¦ gas and electric fixtures
for i a : 2-story . frame bu tld Ing . with cellar i (two
flats), on ,\V- llno-of ¦ Etelner .- street. 55 S of
Broadway," S 27:6 by W- 110; total,' $5653. •-.
A bill was passed witnout debate to ex
tend the charters of national banks for
another period of twenty years after 1902.
when the present extension i will expire
Bills to ratify Lie agreement with the
Crow Indiana of Montana and to proving
for the redemption of Hawaiian. coin at
par were defeated. About an hour was
spent on the postofflce appropriation bill
in the discussion of an amendment to re
duce the railway mail payments, but no
action was taken. . : •'-
Cannon opposed the Crow Indian bill.
The lands which the Government was to
purchase from the Crows, he said, wero
not worth $100,000, much less ¦ $1,100,00),
which It was proposed to pay. "I am op
posed," said Cannon, "to buying -.any
more ¦ gold bricks after twenty minutes'
debate on a side under suspension of the
rules," . •
Maddox of Georgia and Grow of Penn
sylvania also opposed the bill, which was
defeated 34 to 48.
During the discussion on the Hawaiian
money bill, Wilcox, the Hawaiian dele
gate, was asked to explain the relative
value of native and American silver in
Hawaii. He said that both circulated at
par, but that gold commanded a, premium.
Wilcox's English was broken. He was
offered time to give, his views In extenso,
but declined to do so. The bill was de
feated 70 to 55. two-thirds not having vot
ed ih the affirmative.
The Indian appropriation bill was sent
to conference. Sherman of New York,
Curtis of Kansas and Little of Arkansas
were appointed conferees. The House
then resumed consideration of the post
offlce appropriation bill. H. C. Smith of
Michigan continued his speech In favor
of his amendment to reduce railway mall
payment.
Without action on the amendment the
House at 5:25 adjourned. '
WASHINGTON. Feb. 4.-The House to
day passed the Senate bill to adjudicate
the . claims oi United . States citizens
against Spain, which- tho Government of
the United States assumed by the treaty
of Paris, after having amended the bill
so , as to; refer the . claims to the Court of
Claims instead of to a corrtmission. A
strong effort was made to vote down the
amendment and pass the original bill,
which created a commission to pass upon
the claims, but the advocates of this
course were defeated by a majority of 35.
•Measure to Eedsem at Par All Coins
of the Hawaiian Govern- -
• ment Is Not
- Adopted. »
Senate Decides to Refer the
Case3tothe Court of
. \j 1 ell 1XJ S»
SPANISH CLAIMS
BILL PASSED
Shortly after 2 o'clock Bacon took the
floor and spoke on the right of the execu
tive departments to refuse information
usked for by the Senate.
At 3 o'clock the ship subsidy bill was
laid before the Senate, but was temporar
ily put aside in order to permit Bacon to
continue his speech on the executive pre
rogative. - At 6:05 the Senate went into
executive session and soon thereafter ad
journed.
The Senate resumed its sitting at 1
o'clock,, and Rawlins presented the cer
tificate of election of Thomas Kearns as
Senator' from Utah to fill a vacancy.
Kearns was escorted to the president's
desk by Rawlins and the oath of office
was administered by President Frye.
Kearns was assigned a seat- on the Demo
cratic side of the chamber, where a num
ber of other Republicans are located. His
desk was ornamented with a wreath of
American Beauty roses.
"I object," said Jones of Arkansas.
"I've Just counted the Senate, and I wjll
Bay to the Senator that it would be rather
unfortunate for him if a vote were taken
at this time."
After some discussion as to whether leg
islative business could be transacted un
der the terms of the agreement by which
the Senate met, the Senate decided that it
could not. and a motion was carried that
the Senate proceed immediately to the
hall of the House.
Just before proceeding td the House,
President Pro Tem. Frye, who is the man
ager of tho subsidy bill in the Senate, re
marked Jocularly: ,
"Senators, I should like to take a vote
on the- shipping bill now." (Laughter.)
The joint resolution providing for the
appointment of three Senators arid three
Representatives to make arrangements
for the inauguration of the President and
the Vice President was taken up. On
motion of Spooner It was amended by
striking out Vice President and- then
passed.
A resolution of the California Legisla
ture inviting the members of the Senate
to witness the launching of the battle
ship Ohio at San Francisco in the spring
was read.- •; .
Spooner gave notice that he would re
ply to Bacon at some opportune time,"
when it would not interfere with the ship
ping bill or other pressing measures,
Allison then called up the District of
Columbia appropriation bill, the shipping
bill being laid aside Informally to permit
progress .on the appropriation bill. At 6
o'clock the District bill was laid aside.
Bacon thought it important that the dig
nity, and authority and power of the Sen
ate should be maintained.
"1 do,' most, emphatically," replied Ba
con. ;"It constitutes such a challenge as
requires an answer from the Senate. This
Is veryj much enlarged in gravity by' the
fact that newspaper publications Indicate
it- as not only the action of the President,
but the action of the Cabinet, and we are
now confronted with the fact that there
is a general and organized purpose of the
Cabinet, as avowed, to deny to the Senate
the. right of information to be found on
the files of the department unless the
chief of the department may, as a matter
of grace, send in his permsision to permit
the Senate to have such information."
Spooner aBked .Bacon ' iL he considered
the .President's . communication a chal
lenge. . •' ¦ : • -¦ ¦ - . -
Bacon of .Georgia addressed the Senate
upon his resolution declaring.lt to be the
sense.'Of the -Senate that that-body had
the right to demand information and doc
uments on file in" the executive depart
ments. He had made the resolution Im
personal,, he said, but h'. predicated much
of what he said upon the recent refusal of
the Secretary of War, through the Presi
dent, to supply to the Senate the report
made by\Audltor Lawshe concerning the
Cuban postal accounts. Bacon said the
refusal in the Lawshe case was a direct
challenge of the Senate's right to call for
or secure official documents.
Pettigrew declared the . whole trouble
arose because the President and Secretary
desired to promote- Sampson.- who. he said,
was not In the battle, over Schley, who
did the, fighting. -.The administration, he
said, seemed to promote men who did not
fight during the Spanish .war. ¦ ¦
Teller criticized the publication - of the
letter, and said the Secretary knew how
to communicate with. the Senate if he de
siredttp do so. . ' .
Morgan said he did not know the letter
got into print.* '¦¦-.• .
At the instance of Chandler the Senate
passed a resolution calling upon the Sec
retary of, the Navy for a list of members
of Admiral Sampson's fleet whose names
were sent to the ' Senate for promotion
during-:' the-- Fifty-fifth Congress. This
closed the incident.*
WASHINGTON, Feb. 4.-The Sampaon-
Schley controversy was precipitated in the
Senate " by | Chand ler, who read ; and criti
cized the recent letter- of Secretary Lena
to Senator Morgan .explaining 'Why the
officers and men -of the. Santiago fleet had
received no reward i for their good work.
Hale explained what had been done for
the naval \ officers, and . referred . to \ the!
names sent: in "during the last Congress.
He said that owing to the Sampson-Schley
controversy they, could not be acted upon
before the session of Congress % e'xpired,
but he expected the nominations would be
sent in. again during this Congress, but
no action bad been taken by the' execu
tive.-;- •- :. • . ¦'-¦ • . -V- v , • . . •
Chandler said there were many mistakes
in the letter of the Secretary.
Resolution Adopted Asking for Names
of Members of the Fleet Who ;
Were Recommended for
¦ .'.-.-. 'Promotion.
Controversy Is Precipitated
on Floor of the
OPENS SCHLEY
SAMPSON FIGHT
WASHINGTON, Feb.^.-Secretary Root
"has made answer to th» Senate resolution
calling • for a statement as to why the
Filipino leader, Mablnl, has been deported
to Guam:
"A. Mabini, the Derson referred to."
says the Secretary, "is a prisoner of war,
captured by the military forces of , the
United States on the 10th day of Decem
ber, 1S99. While such prisoner he was
found to be maintaining correspondence
with insurgents engaged in armed resis
tance to the authority of the United
States and his placo of confinement has,
during- the past month of January,, been
changed from Manila -to ¦ the island of
Guam." ' • .
The Secretary supplied copies of the tel
egrams exchanged between the ¦ depart
ment and the officers a.t Manila and other
pertinent papers. These telegrams are
particularly interesting. One from Mac-
Arthur, dated December 31, -ISM.' reports
the capture by scouts on December 11 of
Mabini, whom MacAnhur describes as
"A. Mablnl, ablest o£ insurgents, founder
of late government." ,
Next follows this complete dispatch
from MacArthur not heretofore published:
"December 25. 1900— Manila— Adjutant
General, Washington: Expectations,
based on result of election, have not been
realized. Progress of pacification appar
ent to me but still very slow.. Condition
very inflexible and likely to become
chronic. 1 have therefore Initiated a more
rigid policy by issue of proclamation en
joining precise observance of laws of war,
with special reference to sending'supplles
and information to the enemy In the Held
from towns occupied bv our troops and
also warning leaders that intimidation of
natives by kidnaping or assassination
must sooner or later lead to their trial tor
felonious crimes unles3 they^became fugi
tive criminals beyond the jurisdiction o?
the United States, which later course
would mean lifelong expatriation. Procla
mation well received, but country expect
ant and awaiting practical application
thereof. Am ; considering expediency of
closing ports of both Camannes, Albey,
Samar and Leyte. Would like to empha
size new policy by deporting to Guam at
early date a few prominent leaders now
in my hands. Request authority accord
ingly. Pro-American natives. Manila,
v.'ith Chief Justice at the head, have or
ganized party, which apparently has some
elements of cohesion and usefulness.
Field movements outlined in my message
of October 20 probably will be somewhat
interrupted by early return of volunteers.
It is difficult to convince people, especial
ly natives, that any of the volunteers will
be replaced. Early information of pur
pose of department in regard to army leg
islation and the prospect of the passage of
an array bill would greatly strengthen 'my
administration here. MacARTHUR."
In the telegram to AlacArthur, dated
December 25 last. General Corbin author
izes him to deport insurgent leaders to
Guam, to be delivered to the naval of
ficer in command. An incidental state
ment in this respect or some importance
is that Secretary' Root does not approve
of closing ports in Camarines, Albey,
Samar and Leyte. ,
In a communication of the same date
to the Secretary of the Navy, Secretary
Root recites General MacArthur's appli
cation for permission to deport the in
surgents, and asks Secretary Long to in
struct the naval commandant at Guam
to receive the prisoners. He says:
"Substantially the same plan as recom
mended by General MacAsthur has been
discussed by. United States and. our con
clusions approved by the President."
The necessary orders were given and
the Rosecrans sailed on January 16 for
Guam with thirty-two deported , insur
gents.
On the 25th of last month MacArthur
was called upon for a reply to the Senate
resolution and this came in the shape of
the following telegram; •- ¦ ¦'•> •
"MANILA, Jan. 26, l&Ol.-Adjutant Gen
eral, Washington:' Mabini deported, a
most active agitator, persistently and de
fiantly refusing amnesty and maintaining
correspondence with the insurgents in the
field while living in Manila under protec
tion of the United States; also for of
fensive statement in regard to recent pro
clamation enforcing- laws of war. His de
portation absolutely essential.
"MACARTHUR."
The Secretary concludes his communi
cation with a copy, of the regulation of
the army of date January 16, 1832, includ
ing articles 79, 80 and 90, defining as
prisoners of war. and among them "any
civil- officer whose services are of im
portance to the enemy,"- and declaring
them "subject to such confinement or re
straint as may be deemed necessary,"
Presents Dispatches From General
MacArthur and Orders Issued
by the Department in .
the Case.
Explains in Detail Deport
•ing of Various Rebel
ROOT REPLIES
TO THE SENATE
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1901.
11
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office. Post and Powell sis.; tel. Main Sy».
GOLDEN WEST Storape Warehou»eT~S4o" Mis-
Elon st ; tel. Mint 1SI1. F. W. 2EHFUSS.
I:EKIXS Van and Storage Co... 722 Missions*.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
TELEPHONES.
TELEPHONES, house or private Hoes. J4 SO a
gft: electrical -wnrk Installed. laSS'Pt. Ts)\>oi>.
TVPEWttlTEnS AXD SUITLIES.
CHEAT BARGlviNsTNTYPEWRITnUS-We
eell better machines for lern money than any
hou?e Jn the city; rentals, IS. The Typewriter
Exchange. K36 California: telephone Main 266.
DIVIDG.XD .\OTICES.
DIHDE.NO Nctlce.— California "Wine Asso-
ciation.— Dividend No. IS of sixty #*nts per
chare has been declared, and is payable on
and after Monday. February 11. 1901. at the
Union Trurt Company cf San Francisco.
Etcck lx>oks -will close en Tuesday. February
E. 1SC1, at 3 o'clock p. ra.. up to whlch.date
transfers ol stock may be made at the Union
Trust Company. By crder of the Board of
Director*.
HEKBT VAX nERGEN. Secretary.
j L»IVIDENr)~Notice— The Glar.t Powder Com-
pany, Con. A dividend. No. 26. of Seventy-
live Cent? FTEcl r**r 'hare on the issued capi-
tal Ftock of Die company has been declared,
payable at tiic otT.c*- of the company. 430
CalKcn:ia St.. San Francisco, on February
Jl. 1901. T^anffer books cl^se February 4,
lMl, ct no-n. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend Xo. 24 < thirty
Plantation Company will be payable at the
offlce of th« company, 327 Market st., on and
nftrr Mon.lay. February 11. 1901. Transfer
books close on Monday. February 4. 1901,
at 3 o'clock. K. II. SHELDON, Sec.
PROPOSALS.
! rjtOPOP.lT.S for clothinif find equipage. E>epot
'Juartfrmii.-tfj--« ofTioe. 36 New Montgomery
: ft.. ?an Francisco, Cal., February 2, 1301.—
Sealed reposals, in triplicate, 'will be re-
I ceired at this office until 11 o'clock a. m..
Friday. February S, 1901. Paciflc standard
i tlnif, «nd then opened, for furnishing Nan-
kf>cn Drawers, Nankeen Shirts, Carbonized
Paper, Crystallized Xapthalihe end Flax
| Twine. Preference will be siven to articles of
* rfottiei-tic production ai.d manufacture, condl-
; tior.s cf price and quality beim? equal (in-
i eluding In the price of foreign production
and manufacture the duty thereon), and such
preference will.be given to articles of Araer-
; ioan production an.l manufacture produced
j on tiie Pacific Coast, to the extent of the
consumption required J.y the public service
there. The United States reserves the right
to accept or reject r.ny or all proposals or
any ran thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing- proposals -Rill be
indorsed "Proposals Xo. SS3." and addressed'
to Majnr OSCAR F. LONG. Quartermaster,
U. S. Vols.. Depot Quartermaster.
tiiKEIAGS LICENSES.
I The following marriage licenses were issued
! yesterday:
i John J. Hack. 31. Oakland, and Mary Dallba,
25, H.22 Lacuna street.
Antone Duarte. 2S. 653 ¦VYashinston street,
and Tereea Duskulfky. 32, 6:.5 Washington *t.
Lvarlsto 0. Maiikebreaw, S3, 637 Pine street
and En?eni» It. N. Eiusal. 2S, 639 Pine street.
It.iffe!o Grannud, 27. ("curtland. and UeorE-
ina Pimi, 19. M3H Union street.
Willis Alter. 23. -Vacaville. and Mabel D
i Bush, il, Vacavlllc.
Eujrero P. Wtlbourn, 20. 402 O'Farrell street,
and May IlamoW. 24. 402 OTarrell street.
Paul Krowl. 31. 17 Minna street, and Marie
Muller. 2S. city.
Frank Gould. 3S. 1441 McAllister street, and
Margaret A. Callahan, 23, 1441 McAllister Bt.
! Henry L. Meyers. 42, city, and Kathleen M.
i Gaffn*"y. 23. city.
I OuFtav Rodfti. 40, city, and Elvina. Abra-
¦ hamron. 4f>. city.
i Charles M. Irvin, 23, city, and Ida J. Parker,
23, r-ity.
Cullcn F. Weltv, 34. Cleveland, Ohio, and
I Klesnor Wood. 27, citv.
Fred R. Calden. 24. >03»i Filbert Ftreet. and
i Josie l'nfsahacue. 80SVJ FUhert street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Firth, marriace and death notices tent by
mall will not t>e inserted. They must be handed
in at .either cC the publication offices and be
f indorsed with the name and rpsidence of per-
| eons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
1IACKAT— In this city, January 2S. 130L" ta
the wife of Jl. Mackay. a daughter.
VINCENT— In this city. February 4. 1301, to
thi- v.:fe of Clarence Vincent, a sen.
MARRIED.
ALTER— BUSH— In this city, February 4, 1301
by the IJev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, WHil*
Alter and Mabel Dora Bush, both of; Vaca-
ville.
Bt'RKE— SHARKET- In this city. January 31
J901. at St. Paul's Church, by the Rev.
Father Connelly. John M. Burke and Mary
A. Eharkey, both of San Franciyo.
GOLDSTEIN — BOSENBEKQ — In this city,
February 2, 1901. by Rabbi Isfdor Myers, San-
ford Qoldstein and Emma RusenberK. both of
Han Francisco.
HINCKLEY — OVERMOHLE — In .this city,
February 3, 1501, at the residence of the
bride's rftnent*, by the Rev. A. C. Bane.
Lev! K. Hinckley and Bernidina Overmohle.
TVSON— JOXE.«— In this city, February 3. TMl.
by the Rev. l^illp Coombe, James B. T> - Bon
and Elisabeth Jones, both of San Francisco.
DI£D._ ~~
Alvord. Henry B. Mapune. Arthur N.
Bousquet, Adele M. N'lcholn, Melville
Busch, Martin L. Noonan. Jeremiah
Coleman, Lena Olson, Aron
Craven, John F. Perkins, Mary A.
Doran. James Raggett. Richard
Eastman. Luke F. Schweitzer, Louis
Granucci. Martaret Hharman, Isabella C.
Huddy. Katherine Hlllgc, Jacob
Kearney. Mary J. White. Martin
Koch. Elizabeth Wilson, James H.
Lyons, James Wolfe. Mrs. E. U.
! ALVOnn— In Fan, Josp. February 3, l§01,
i Henry B. Alvord, a native of Albany, N. Y.,
I ased C4 yeare.
r7"Fuiiernl een-ices will be held to-morrow
<\Vr<1nrs<!ay), at 2 o'clock, at the Second
Presbyterian Church, Kan Jose.
liOlKQUFTT— In this city, February 4. 1601.
I Adtle Melanie Bous/juct. beloved mother of
| Mr. s . Bertha Neagfe. and Krandfnother of
"Winifred. Halter and Albert V. Neanle. a
! native of Alsace-Lorraine, France.
STT'Fripnds and acquaintances are respoct-
I fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I <V\'e*3n*"«da}>, at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of <"arf-w & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
tl'frice to Notre Uame des Vlctolres Churoh,
BilFh *tr»ot. at 2 o'clock, for services. In-
t<-:-mc-nt Mount Calvary Comet»>rj'-
BCSCH— In this city, February 2, JS01. Martin
L., b-loved husband of Mary liusch. and
lathfr of Ocorge E. Busch. Mrs. M. E.
Sweeny, Mrs. E. C. Nutx. Mrs. II. W. Thum-
lcr. Mrs. \\. C. Gatt-s, Mre. J. P. Pafje. Mrs.
William <>apr>el, Mrs. Augusta Legllse anl
John L. ard Nellie Busch, a native of Ude-
valla. Sweden, aged d years 4 months and
2» dajru.
tnTKricnds and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully invitfd to attend the funeral to-morrow "
(Wednesday), at 1:20 o'clock, from his late
residence. 3C3S Nineteenth street, near Guer-
rero. Interment private. Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric car.
COLEMAN— In , this city. February 4, 1901,
Lena beloved daughter of Philip and the
late Mary Co!eman, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 23 years 10 months and 19 days.
CRAVEN-In this city. February 4. IDOL John
F.. beioved ecm of James and the late Annie
Cravfn. a native of Ban Francisco, aged SI
yearn nnd 2 months.
iryFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), nt 8:30 o'clock,, from his lato
residence. 55 Natoma street, thence to St.
Patrick 1 * Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
pouI, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
PORAX— In the City and County Hospital
Fi-fcruary 4, 1S01. James Doran.
EASTMAN— In this city, February 4 1301
Luke F.. beloved son of L.. E. and II n'
Eaetman. m native of San Francisco, aged 9
months and 11 days.
GRANUCCI— In /.his city. February 3 uni
Margaret Granucci. beloved daughter of Sal-
vatore and Candelarla aranueci. and slater
of Frank. Adolfo. Delia and Carlotta Gra-
• nuccl. a native of Ban Francisco, aced 2
years 7 months and 23 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
¦ (Tuesday), at 1 o clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1211 Stockton street- Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ¦
HUDDY— In the City and County Hospital
February 3, 1901; Katherine Huddy. a native
of Ireland, aged S3 years.
KEARNEY— In this city, February 4 1901 '
Mary Jane, beloved wife of Patrick F. Kear-
ney, mother of Margaret, Mamie, Annie
Frances. Gertrude and • the late Theresa
Kearney, and daughter of Mrs. A. Tixrallis
a native of Sydney. Australia, aged 33 years
and 4 months. ¦ •
(?^Notice of funeral hereafter.
KOCH— In this city. Februarys. 1301. Eliza-
beth Koch, beloved mother of Mrs. Elizabeth
Bohn. Mrs.- Mary ESchel. Mrs. Louise TroeJl
and Martin, August. Anton and Frank Koch,
HENRY J.GALLAGHER CO.
,' — (Successor toi Flannacsn &' Gallagher.)
DANIEL, P. DONOVAN. Mffr. - •
FUN 5» R £ L DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS..
20 Fifth «t.. .opposite Lincoln School.
. Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, |
27 and 29 Fifth it.' Tel South : 187. U
IUNERAL DIRECTORS AUD EMBALKE23. I
Finest Equipment at Moderate' Rates. - |
To Cura the Grip in Two Days
Laxative Bromo-Quinlne removes the cause.*
HALLWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street FerTy Depot.
" ~ Local Ltm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv/San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:Wp
Ar Stockton 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
•• Merced i lldBp 1:17 P 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:10 p »:33 p 1:05 a
"Hanford . 4:2S p 3:17 p 7:0« a
- Visalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:i» a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:0a a
"Bksfleld . 1:50 p 8:20 p 7:S0a
" Kan. City J:41 a 7:20 a
«• Chicago »:15p 9.00 p
A for morning, p for afternoon.
900 a m. train Is the California Limited,
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Eakersneld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4-20 p m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:03 a. m. da'.ly.
800 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palace
Sleeper which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:55 p. m. dally.
7 -20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in 8an Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 3:40 a. m. dally.
Office*— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1118 Broadway. Oak-
land. ' , -' • -¦¦>-....
CHICACO
in LESS than
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At 10 Aw nl.
Chicago, Union Pacific
6- North-Western Line
T~\OUBLE Draxvtng'T^oom Sleeping
I J Cars, Buffet, Smoking and Library
•*-^ Cars, with barb:r. Di* ing Cars —
meals a I* carte. TDailv . Tourist Car
Service and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions every week from San Francisco
at 6 p.m. The best of everything.
617 Market St. General Agent Pacific Cbatt
Palace Hotel 8 A S FBAXCISCO
Km ft. RITCHIE
SSMVlo Swjaollto F«rry.
• V Commencing September 20, MOO.
FROM BAN^^C^CO^O^MTLL VAIXET
EXTKA TRIPS-For Mill Valley Md
Rifael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
Sdays at »:00 and 11:3S p. m. "* l
U SUNDAYS-»8:00 'lO.OO. 11:80 a. m.. n.ia.
i-isT-»4*4» e^>. » : 8° p. m. • *•?*
'Trains marked (•) run to San Qnentln.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO
EXTRA. TRIPS -on MonJays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *:4o and 10:20 p.m. *~~r*
Sr^fct**K •?* •":«-»¦•
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin
8^^^?"! 0 -
1J:J6, 2:10, 3 :S0, 4:54, 5:J0 p. m. ' . *
, BXTBA TRIPS m on Mondays. Wtdnesdars
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:» p. m.^^^'"
SUNDAYS— 8:03, 10:05 a. ra., 12:05. 1:15. »-m
8:00. 6:45 p. m. - ' •"• "¦**
- ; .> .THROUGH TRAINS.
. 6 :65 a. m. week day s-Cazadero and ¦> .
stations., • . -.;.-¦
1:45 •" p. ' - «.' Saturdays— Tomale* and ' war
stations. **"*. wm »
. 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way
stations.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROA:
CALIFORNIA NORTDWESTERS RI. C&
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market SC
ftnn Franctaco to Son Rafael.
TTBURON FERRT— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAT&-7:tO. 1:00. 11:00 a. m.: 11:35. J:M.
1:19, «:50 p. m. Tfiur»day»— Estra trip at U:W
p. m. Baturdays— Extra trips at VM sad
U:M p. m.
SUN'DATS-8:00, 1:30. 11:00 a. bl: 1:». 1:30. «:<«.
1:20 p. m.
San Bafaet to San Francisco.
WEEK DAT3-«:10. T:». *-t9. n:10 a. m.; U:«,
3:40. t:l» p. ra. Saturdays— Extra, trip* at l:Sa
and «:35 p. m.
£UNDATS-8:10. I:W, 11:19 a, m.; 1:40, 3:«. 140,
t:25 p. m.
Between Saa Francisco and Scnnetaea Par*.
same sehedele aa aboT«.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | Nov. t. 1300. | San Francisco.
Week I Bun- I I Sun- I Weak
Days. I days. .( Destination. | days. ( Daya.
7:S0am S.OOam Novato. 10:49 am 1:49 am
S:30 pm »:S0 am Petaluma. <:0S pm 10:S an
1:10 pm t:00 pm Santa Rosa, 1:35 pm t:O pm .
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:15 tm
Healdsburr,
Lytton.
Osyserrlllt.
8:»pm t:00ara CloTerdala. VJ& pm llOpm
7:19 ami I Hopland 1 I
¦ I 8:00 am| and Ulttah. | 7:» pm| t:tS pm
7:20 am 19:25 am
8:00 am Gatrn«TlH*. 7:25 pm
1:30 pm «:Opra
1:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma- » :1S am 8: *o am
and
6:10 pm 1:00 pm Glen Ellen, t:05 pm t:tt pm
7:30 ami 1:00 ami !10:W amllO:JS aa
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| gabaatopoL I 7:35 pmf <:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weit
Epricgs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fnltoc
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Ekafss Springs: at Clo-verdaJ*
for ths Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelsjyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uktah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Spring's. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Wtttar
Springs, Upper Lakt. Porno. Potter Valley.
John: Day's, Riverside. LJerley's. BucknelTa.
Eanhedrln Heights. HullTiUcOrT's Hot Springs,
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport. Usai.
Willetts. LaytonvlII*. CumminKS.TJell's Springs,
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round- trip ticket* at re-
duced rates. ¦ \
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle build-
in*. R- X. RYAN.
H.' C. WHITTNO. Oea. Pa**. Axt.
Gen. Manager. -.
MOUNT TAMALPA1S RAILWAY
LeaTea San Francisco,, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:15 a. ra.: 1:43 and 4:00 p. m,
SUNDAYS s:00, 18:00. 11:20 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare. Saa Francl3co to Summit and retora.
I140.
KKW TAVERN OF TAMALPAI3 JTOW OPEJf.
Ticket ofncea. S21 Market St.. Saoaallto Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6229 XEARXT ST. Established
In 1S31 for the treatment of Prirata
Disetise*. lAmt Manhood. Debility or
tiUease wearing on hodyand rulnd and
skin Diseases. The Doc tor cure* when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
<:ar*aiasraslrrd. CallorwrUu.
l»r. J.*'. «IBBO.\,!M:i l^rancisco, Cat,
kouthkrn rAvtnv conniT.
(TACI/IO STSTCIO
Train* !••»«« •••••• mrm .1-*. !• arrlt* a*
MAN ri(AN«:iM*:«.
- (Main line. Foot of Market 3tre«i) v
uaTI — FaoM Jascajit L HOI. — tmti
TsSOA Benida. Snisuu, Klmir*. Taeartn^, -
'. Roaiiey and t4»cr»meuto.......... 7H3r
7{S0a DiTis, Woodland. Kntgbts Lsodiaf,
M«rys»ille, Orotflle. 7:l3p
Ti3O* AUmuUo ICxpresa — Osc-lon sad East 12il5r
. »:Ol>A M»r!.li,«,H»:ilU.iiui;.V»l!uJo.S» l i».
CitlistoR'km:uiSauM Rott SilSp
S:OHANile*. Litermor-, Tncy, Ltthrop,
Etockton 7il3r
• :3li a ShasU 1 tpress-DsTts, Williinu (for
BarUett Springs). Willows, Bad
Blufl, Portlaiid. 1«*S»
• i«*« San Jom, U»ormoi«. -Stockton. ¦>
. :• •. Inne. haeramcuto. Placet Tllle,
¦ M.irysii'.V, Chico, lte.I IMuir 4iMr
¦ iSi»» O*kiU!f, Chinese. .Sonor*, Outers... 4il-V
»:O«A'Hajwanls. Nil« »od Way Stations. 11:1.1*
ViUWt Los Ange!«w» EiUJW — M»tUu«x,
Tt*CT, LiShr.ip. .->K>ck ton. Mareml
fresiio snd Los Angeles 7:I3r
Di»»* ValMo. Martinez »"<l Way Stattont BU3r
I U;«Oa The OferUiidLimitwl-Ogdan, D«.
»»r, Omaha. Chicago fc-43*
II tOO a 511m, - BtooKton. aaeramento. Mm-
dota. Fresoo, II »n ford. Via alia,
rortsrtiUa i «»»3f
1 1 »0»A Lhermore, flancer. Ooshen Jna»
Uon. Bikersfleld. Los AogelM
tI«O«p8acraiu«iiU.i:i«««Ste«i««M......... t»'««*
a.our H>T«<»<ls. NIlea ana Way tttatlont. »i*»r
4tttOr MmtliteiE. H.n lUmon. V*llejo,
N:H>4, CVJUllli*. S»Ut» Kfi«* Vll'l*
4iqorBenld», Wtoten. S4«r»m«nU»,
\Voo.llai»l, Kulglits landing.
M.ry»»illr. Org<lll«. l».i^»
• 4i3O P Harvard*. Ml«»ii.i *»an Joje...... t«'*»*
S:OOr Niles. Lltormors. SkoekCnn Lo-li ... iojI.i*
»5:00p Su-.»et limited. El PsSO, New
• OrU»os »n<i Eait eltM3A
S:OOrTl>s Owl Limited— Tracy, tttao.
UakerslleUl. 8angiu for Bauta liar-
bara. Ix>s Ane«lea- 1«»<I3*
StOOrNtw Oileant Express— ISske»n«M.
ManlH Ciirhtr., I.o3 ATig«les, Data*
lur. El P><0, New Orleatii and
Ka,t 7it.l»
B:nnp na»mn!i, Mlo* aud 8»u Jose 7;1-1*
«OtOUr ValleJ llt*»%
•isOilr Oriental M.ll-OgJen. Chey?nnu.
Omaha, Chlc»,o I»«13r
BiOOp Oriental Mail— Ogdea, Den»er.
Omaha, Chle\ar>. Jil.if
TlOOr Orecmt and CallfuniU ISxprrM.Mao.
ra.uei.ti.. M»r,.»ilie. Ki>.MiiiK.
rort.hiu.l. Pilgot Hullliil Slul Kask Ssi.1*
¦i«3rS»a P*blo, P«»» CoaU, Mtrtlaei
ami Way riiatlous 11:43a
l»:«3r Vallrjo -7**Sr
COAST IHTIMON (Marron Ua«|*j>
( Foot «t Market Street.)
M:l.iANeff»r*.Cciiterfille.,Saj.Jose, Frlton,
llonldet Cresk.Sau ta Orus aud Way
tjtatlous miaor
t»« 1 »r Newark. Centsr*IU«. San .loss. Sow •
Almitdeu, Faltoo, Roultlsr Creak,
. Santa Vna and rrincipal Wai
8uUons tlJ'J**
4il»p Newark, Man Joan, LosOatos 8i.1v«
aO-.XOp HunMia' Kxsursion, San J«e and
Wsy Stations t.tfr
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr.mSli rllSCISCO— rttl of Htr'itl SUmI <SU» 8)—
rT:15 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:00 1:00 «:15p.m.
From Oakland— Foot or Broadway-— t* t* 1S:*$
10:(0a.m. 12:00 t:00 4:00p.m.
COAST 1)1 VISION <nroa.KJA.iffO.
flTtlril and Totrnseml gto.)
tOilwAOeean View. BouthJian Vraaciaep.. \*t**t
7:00* Hm Joss ai»l War 8t»tl..ns (Nsw •".
Alioaden WeJnwdaisoulj) li»Br
».••» Man J.W0. Tees TiuoS. Hhi.U Cm*.
PaelCe Orota. l"a« > Knbles. (ian
T.uls Ol.lm.o. Hurf. Lompoo and
Principal Way Statl.ms I' 1 ?*
I«iIwa San Jos« aud Wsy Stations VZm k
I IjSOa 8au Jots ami Way-SUllom »t30»
ti> «8r 8a» Matto. Kedwoo.1, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, tiaata Clara. Hail .In^.
Trss Pino*. Sauta Cm*. Sallaaa,
Moater«r#«I I'acino Gro»« tltusa*
t»i»»r S*n Jose and Way Statlous 2 .«'
f4:1.1rSaaJo»sauilPrindpat Way Stations 9iAik
t5iO«p 8in Jose, tos Gatos and rriaeipal
. WayStaUoos * 9s ??*
StSOr Ban Jos« ao.J Prlnsipal Way Station. »»»•*•
«>3»r San Jose aud Way Stations t» «••*
qlli-l^rSau Jo«i> ami Way Station* «»aor
A for Moroinj. P for AftocnoOB-
t Hunday .««pud. t taste* «¦>•.
I Stondays. Wedoesdars. Trtdays.
t Tuesdays, Thursdays. Bandaji,
a Saturday onlj. . .
¦. ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
VERY fpeclal bargains: foreclosure properties'
f ev" 1^ e 6 rt a e ; n«ied a0^ h V""' ES J K? &
5r S?T™ iM 8e « n , otrtt; . fta, ; fcoufliBc ; corner
*UJa^5?i-. *• T * nr ™t*-- 2 blocks U! K h
cir?r /7 C n?n« COn!| ' lrt ' : bargain. See
cwr.cr. A. G. niRNS, 15Pt Paj k st. Ala^eda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
REAL ESTATE.
firOO— 1100 CASH, balance $15 rer month: new
£-room oottase on tunny Fide of street; 2
v .. , to care: aI1 "ewerei; fine neiEhbor-
r.ocxl. A\. c. MORAK. i
Jl r .OP— S-ROOM house; corner lot 4;xlCC; all
fetrfreO; brick foundation of 5 coun>ti>; $100
cash, haianw f?0 rx4- month, or will trade
lor a ranch of equal xalue. "W. C. MOKAN,
Lorin Ftatlcn, Berkeley.
FOR bargains in Berk< lry or Oakland proper-
ty re* K. J. MO.VTGOMERT. room 3 fourth
floor. Mills building, fan Francisco, or -S6I
v Ninth ft.. Oakland. . • -. :
IN the lovfly Daley Scenic Tark— Only 2
block* from university grounds; two-story
hou«e of 8 rocni!: last tinishe<l: fine corner
lot; only I4jJO. JOS. J. MASON. Real Es-
tate, adjoining T. O.. B< rkcley.
UjO^vnnv desirable let near Berkeley *ta-
tion: 4^x12'. Andrew V>'l<-ks.» Martinez. Cal.
' ; OAKLAXFaDYE^T 1SEMENTS.
OFFICE— HIS BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD HGU ESTATE.
»T50 CAPII. balance Ji; SO monthly till r*l<l— t
Cottnpe of a- latee rooms; nice hlKh hase- !
meat: brirk foundation?; larpe new- tt3rn: i
fine ohirkpn-ho'jses. 4 f.ni» rirooderies. chhk.n '
pheds and chicken runs; plenty of fl»c vi-at»"r: ;
noar a line school house. v.*$rte avenue an«1 f
boulevard: H{ acres, mere or lesp. all fenced: ,
site, climate and foil the very be?t; this is j
8 property ¦well worth Feeing," and is c very j
rrrat barjrain: with a nice young fruit or- j
• chard in lifarinp: price, all toM. Sl^-K). Call |
or send for circular for cheap Jois. 4X> Fev-
et-th Ft.. Oakland. Inroad way Ftiition; car- I
riace tre#. H. 7.. IQXEg. owner. I
FOR bargain* In itnrkeVy or Oakland proper- I
ty s«-e IX. J. MnxTCOMCRT. rcxim 3. fourth j
floor. M:Kf liulL'-inp t<an FVancisco. or 4<>T
¦Nintn ft.. Oakland.
OAKLAXD riltMTinC FCR SALE.
AX introduction t<-> you frntn H. Keb^llhaaf. the
furniture 6>al>r. j\.^ an ,| Fr.-»rkMn. Oaklanfl.
rooms fob not m:ki:ei'i\g.
ELI^IP. «ri>— Sucr.y fur.-..-^;»-J n^-in« for house- i
kecplrj and o-.v-r»: t's:!i. itan, telephone.
HOWARD. 10fi3'j -C.ir..:crtab!> i vfurni*hM sunny |
front bay-«l:iti w t*m; »1«> other*. t«.
LAXGTOX. — S r.i-fly fumtshed rooms for
housekefjlr^r; private.
LAHKIN. fd— Sueajr lurnithed front roora and
itiu-fcpn: rent 115.
tARKIN. *f«4— I lj«i-k room, neatly furnished: j
. houFfJcpg if oVstred; |r»ntlemen preferred; $11. I
UIEeXON. ITJ-Floor apartments of 3 or 5 fur-
r.lFhfd I DUUls; hr>u»r>lceej)inK.
OAK. 319 — I sunny rooms furnished for heavy
housekeepir.fr. $11; al*T Bingie room, ?3.
POLK. 122— Durable susny unfurnished house-
ke*pinc room?. I
POWELL. 313— 3 urfurnl^hed rooms for house- !
k**p!r.g: r.o children. Call between 1 and 3. ;
EJXTH. 126— Eunny rocms for light housekeej>- i
ir.g. j
TKXTJf. 136 — Large frunt room for light house- I
k«*j ;nR.
CLAP^IFED a4vert!sorr:?nt» and subscriptions
received at Call branch ol" e. 1200 Fil'.more.
A BRAXt^^ offlce for Call advertisements and
FutiFcrirtions bas been established et l<m
Valencia *L
nOOSIS TO LET Karn. and I nfnrn. '
/HLBOP.N HOTELTTtr^anrTve^Beir^onar j
a d»y farr.iiy hotel in city: polite attendance; j
larpe rfKimfr: modern crnver.lences; rocms 50s
. tip; fim-clrea :••...- S5c; free coach. ;
A— liOTKI^ Robinson, 1>4^A Market; new man- j
sfffiert; furnished room*, c-n puite or 6inpie; I
«-u1t« Tor bf.asekorpirij; very reasonable !
price?; elevator service; transient.
A-imVNSWICK House. US Sixth— Room* 25c
to SI per night; SI 25 to Jj per week, and light '
. fccuMkeepinir; open all night.
ALTON. 2M McAllister— Large renny well fur- .
nished front suite : suitable for 3 or 4 adult*.
EU RXETT. 1*25 Market (old No. JJS4)— Fur-
Kishcd rms.. suites, Flr.gie; also unlumished.
BL'SH. £20 <The Elk t— Changed hands; nicely
turn, eunny raif., sinple, <-n tulte. newlv reno- I
vated; all cor.vrn. Sirs. K. M. Itamsey, prop, j
EDDY. CiT-Larpe bay-wlndnw front room; also :
email irrr.t and side rooms.
POl'RTH, KS— N*ew furnished sunny rooms.
from Jj cp to $12 per month. •
GEAriT.«"5 <The Navarre)— Elppantly furnished
nr.f : suites or single: travelers accommodated. •
GEARY. C2— Elefrant tunny furnished parlor
Cnor; Fuitabie for phyelcian; r.ther rooir.5.
GEARY. C'64— Sunr.y front suite and clher
rorims. furnished.
CRASH HOTmJKKN. southeast corner Seventh
end Mi5Fion sts, — Sunny rooms, en suite or
elngle: ladies* parlor; read ing-room: elevator.
HARRISON, TC2— Large front room with uce
of kitchen; rent !:o.
HOWARD. 92. near Fifth— N'ewly furnished '
•wnny rms.; fras grate; J6 wp; priv. Imnr.uy. |
JESPIE. 2G3-NVar Fifth and Market, large !
• ro<-»Tri; tT.o T^ds; fT a month; single. $4.
I-AP PALMAK, I?20 Market Bt.— Suite of 2 or 3
rrag; private; bath; sin, rms: board optional.
J.-EXT ARLINGTON. 1013 Market St.— Nicely
fumiFhed ir.cffit, $2 a week up; 35c a day up. i
JCEWLT renovated; nicely furnished; quiet i
house; rooms from TJ to $' week. 21 Grant av. j
OTARUELL. SO— Funny furnished rooms and j
offlc«; elevator: «>Iec. light*: da~. wk.. mo.
.
FATtTIES h»v!r; furnlfih^d or nnfurriiKhM
ropra*. epBrtmcnlK. flats. hotj«e» or bafsinf?!"
proi»crty tot rent, pl»>at"> lirt with us; we
have the moFt pertoct facilities in the city
for securing- high prude and d<islrable t«>n-
antr. EIJlEil Iiental Information Bureau.
22 Kearr<y Ft., first floor.
J'XTAL. House, J2S Ell!i>— Incandescent lipht:
readlnp-room. smokinc-room and ladies' par-
lor; room?, per nicht. Z'iC to $1 f,0; week. J2 f>
S*: month. tS to 5*0: tlevatcr on irround floor;
rrtons with hot and cold water; baths.
1COSEDALE House. Sl»-22! Ell is~rt]— Rooms,
rl^ht. SZc to Si; week. $1 23 to $4; open nijrht.
FHERMaN* Apartment House, 28* Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished cr unfurnished.
FUTTER, SWi^-Char.fc-pd hands; newty reno-
vetf^j; Flnpl- room*. J8: Fuiten, $12 to S25 mo.
VAN NESS. 32t^-Nlccly furnished back parlor;
en corner.
TtiluaM. Z\ off CFarrell. near Jones— Nice.
ft:rr:lshfd front room; cae; bath.
A- BnANCH office for Call «dvwtUernents and
rubscrtptiens has been *stab'.!shed at 109f
V«>Tf1a rt. ,
BOOMS AXD nOAItD.
AT the eld Sievensor. mansion, opp Grace
Ccurch. with onn-x SC7 Callfornls, st. may
be found a mott exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and tightly rooms at modest rates.
ELEfJAJsTLT & newly furnished sunny apart-
ments with or without board; cuisine unex-
celled. 11034 Broadway, ccr. mh «t.. Oak-
land, top floor; MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
nOOMS with board, bath. r**. Tl*. S29: private -
family; gentlemen only. V.»j McAllister.
EOOMS and board; prices reasonable] «1J
First rt.
CHEAPEST and beet in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
STADLES TO LET.
BARNS— I for $S. other for til; 2-st.ory; stalls;
wwer connections: yard: corner Hearns and
Eighth ;u. HOWARD If. HOGAN.
SPECIAL >OTICES.
LADIES — Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the beet; cafe, it liable; take no other;
eend 4c etatcps for particulars; - "Relief tor
Ladies" in letter by return mail; at drug-
fists. Chichcster Chemical Co.. Phlladel., p».
EAD tenants ejected for 14: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<X£ Montgomery et.. rocms »-10: tel. S5TO.
EBWnrO SIACHIXES ASD SUPPLIES.
' ALL- kinds bourfct. void and repairing guaran-*
teed. Cfc&rlex TUmbeck. 1?:S UIeeIoo, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds boucht. sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone. Black 1124. 205 4th. ,
K)UGHT, Fold, rented, repaired; needles and i
shuttles; reduced rates. 14S 6th; phone Mint 5. | |
Santa Fe
The California Limited
is lighted by electricity,
and in your berth you
can read. : C/
It goes to Chicago
in 75 hours.
A
Lighted
Limited
IC?" Friends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2429 Mission Etreet, near Twenty-first.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
C^TriendR and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow,
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1113 Treat avenue. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WOLFE — Passed away. February 2, 1301. Mrs.
Elizabeth U. Wolfe, widow of the late James
E. Wolfe, and mother of Fred Emmerson
Allen, a native of Maine, aged- 69 year3 10
months and 19 days.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Tuesday), at 7 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Montgomery and Post streets.
Interment Mountain. View Cemetery, Oak-
land.
WILSON— In this city, February 3. 1301, Jarnos
# H.. beloved son of Pruda C. and the la«e
Alonzo L. Wilson, and brother of William,
Kdwin, Alonzo, Frederick and Charles AVilecn
and Mrs. Hattie Seazer, a native of Iowa,
aged 29 .years 2 months and 23 days. (L«
f-ueur, Minn., and Longmont, Colo., papers
please cctiy.)
(C7"F-rlends ami acquaintances are 1 respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this diy
(Tuesday), at 8:3u o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church. Kiehteenth and
Ehotwell streets, where a requiem hish mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing: ta *:30 o'clock, Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BHARMAN— In this city. February 3. 1901.
Isabella Campbell, beloved wife of T. L.
Sharman, a native of Scotland, aged 36 years
2 months and 5 days. • .
SILIGO-In the City and County Hospital,
February i, 1901. Jacob Slligo. a native of
' Germany, aged 63 years.
WHITE— la this city. February I, 1901, Mar-
tin White, a native of New Tork, ased 75
years. ! *
tCTlhe funeral will be held to-marrow
at 9 o'clock. Trom the resi-
dence of Frank Koch. 839 Page street, thence
to St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate ave-
nue, between Jones and Leavenworth streets,
where a solemn reaulem high mass will be
celebrated for the repos<» of her bouI. com-
mencing: at» 10 o'clock, 'interment private.
Please omit flowers. •
LYOXg-ln thtffclty, at St. Mary's Hospital,
February 4, 1801. James Lyons, bollermaker,
a native of New York, aged 60 years.
MAGUNE- In this city. February 3, 1901,
Arthur Xelson. beloved *on or Captain F. A.
and Lena A. Magune, a native of Newcastle,
>¦, S. W., aged 3 : years 3 months and 21
da Vs. * Seattle. Wash., papers please copy.)
, lj-^" Friends and acquaintances are respec:-
fully invited to attenU the funeral this day
(Tueeday). at 2 o'clock, from the family res-
dence. 3K33 Twentieth Etreet. between Vm
lencla and Guerrero. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by electric funeral car from
Twentieth and Guerrero streets. :
NICHOLS— In this city, February 3. 1301, M»fl-
vllle, dearly beloved son of Mary and Joseph
Mcliols. and brother of Ardelle. Joseph. Jesse
and Edith Nichols, a native of San Francisco.
a 1£i 2 years 9 months and 12 days.
tC^"Xotlce of funeral hereafter. ¦
XOONAN— in this city, February -2. 1D01. Jere-
miah, beloved husband of Frances Noonan.
«nd father of Mary, Joseph and Richard
Jvoonan,. a native of Lawrence, Mass., aged
<fi years 5 -months and 7 days. -.- (Boston pa-
pers please copy.).
' C^.The funeral will tako place thl? day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 651 Golden Gate avenue. -Interment
Private, Cynress Lav.-n Cemetery. - -
OLSON— In- Fruitvale, February 4.-1901, Aron/
beloved husband of Anna K. Olson, a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 70 years 3 months and
23 days. . ... -...-¦¦
PERKINS- In Brooklyn Township. . Alameda
County, Mary A. Perkins, mother of Mrs.
Geortre S. Marshall, a native of Ne\/ York,
aged 76 yrnrs S months and 4 days.
RAGGETT— In this city, February 3, 1901.
Richard RagR-ett, dearly beloved eon of Mrs.
Mary and the late Michael Uagsett, a native
of Han Francisco, aired 37 years.,- . : . •
(CSTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral. this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock,' from his late resi-
dence. 627 Grove street, thence to ! Sacreil
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
wil! be celebrated for the repose of his sou i.
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery."
SCHWEITZER— In this *lty. February 3, 1901.
Ix-uis. beloved son" of Sebastian and the late
Marie- Schweitzer, and brother of Lena.
Francis X.. Paul, Edward . end Jeanette
Schweitzer and Mrs. H.' C. de Landresse. a
native of Han Francisco,' aged 27 years 11
months aDd 13 days. .
a native ol Germany, aged 90 years 5 months
nnd 6 days. ;; \
RAILWAY TRAVEL.SCENE FROM "TESS OF THE D'URBERVILLES," ACT 2, AT THE CALIFORNIA THEATER. TESS (MRS. MINNIE
MADDERN FISKE). ANGEL CLARE (MR. GILMORE)-NOW I AM GOIKG TO WRITE MT NEW NAME "MRS
ANGEL CLAHE."
Of ¦ Nell. G Wynnes young and Nell Gwynnes
Old, ¦ ¦• = ¦ ' ¦
Of Nell Gwynnes hot and Nell Gwynnes cold,
Of Nell Gwynnes tender,. Nell G Wynnes tough,
We thank the Lord we've had enough! ;
That is,, since .the pretty. Planquette
opera of the name has been revived at the
Tivoli, for we have had here no less than
three Nell Gwynnes within . as many
months.
A very well cast and well sung perform
ance of this charming little opera .was
given last night at the popular opera
house, and in spito- of the rain attracted
a fairly sizable audience.
The Tivoli forces are well suited all
around in the opera. Hartman has an
excellent part: as the consequential big
wig, the beadle, and his make-up, Cyrano
nose and the pompous rest of it, is an In
spiration. It does not occur to one to
wish here, as sometimes, that the come
dian had appeared in three volumes in
stead of one, and that two of him could
be put on the shelf while we enjoyed the
other— there's just enough of his inimi
table self Jn the play.
Weasel, tho village pawnbroker and
miser, affords a good opportunity to that
very clever comedian. Edward Webb, and
he does excellent work In, tho role.' Arthur
Boyce's light, fine voice is well heard in
the part of Kalcon: and Tom Greene in
the dignified Buckingham's part, and
human could resist s-uch. an appeal as
that, coming from such a source? Yet
we are asked to believe that a good man,
an educated man, a man of fine and com
passionate nature,, did resist such an ap
peal and left the poor girl who made it
to : starve— for that! Is what it came to.
No, no, Mr. Hardy; revise yourself, range
yourself as our French friends would -say,
and give us no more prigs for heroes.
The third act Is a collection of squalid
horrors— the mother selling her daughter,
the gin-soaked Marian lying to her friend,
the *ile Alec bargaining for his mistress
as he would a sack. of potatoes. This is
as ba-d and as unfit for representation as
anything in "Zaza." What are American
parents about in allowing their girls to
see such things?— for there were many
young girls at the theater last night, who
ought to have been at home, tucked up
in their little beds or saying their prayers
at mamma's knee. \
The first scene of the fourth act shows
Tess living as Alec's mistress, the return
of Clare and the murder of Alec by Tess.
The second scene (Stonehenge by moon
light) is too brief to be effective.
Mrs. Fiske is of the School of the Re
presslonists—a style of acting that does
not commend itself to -my incle
ment. Yet one .must say that In
the art of Repressionism Mr3. Fiske
is an adept; she gets out of it
every effect of which it is capable. Her
voice, last night, was much better modu
lated than when I heard her Iri "Becky
Sharp," and the confusing celerity of her
delivery has been happily moderated. The
manner in which she spoke the confession
in' act II was one of the most beautiful
and artistic things I have ever heard.
. Mr. Hudson, Miss Barker and Miss Lin
coln distinguished themselves in impor
tant, roles. Mr. GUmore strove manfully
with the part of Angel Clare, but was
hopelessly overweighted by the arrant
prlgglshness of that impossible character.
"Tess" is worth seeing, but Mrs. Fiske
can do so much better! Is It hopeless to
think that we may yet see her in a mas
terpiece—something original— a real play
written by a real playwright In tho full
possession of his powers and not by little
boys trying their 'prentlc* hands at
dramatizing novels?
L. DU PONT SYLB.
Tivoli.
To paraphrase slightly the graceless
grace of Robert Burns, when rabbits were
more than' plenty, wemay now say: ¦
Mrs. Minnie Maddern Fiske Scores a Decided gp6|^|nli^j^^i§g^^^p Drama— "Nell Gwynne"
at the Tivoli, "Judah" atthe Alcazar and "Daughter of the Mjllion" at the Central Are New.
MISS AIMEE LEICESTER AS
CHARLES II IN "NELL
GWYNNE." '.
(Photo by Eushnell.) .
"TESS OF THE D'URBERVILLES" AT THE CALIFORNIA THEATER
ance at the Alcazar last night and. If 1>e
has not all femininity at his feet in a few
days—well the matinee girl will be'severe
ly to blame. A more spirituelle creation
than that presented. by Llla Convere a«
Vashti Dethic has not been seen In any
production of Jones' play. Polly Stock
well won round after round of applause
for her work in the second act. where she
describes the famous "dream, scene," and
Juliet Crosby showed that she la as much
at home In a role calling for dramatic
force as she is in, light comedy. The pro
duction held the large audience speu
bound. It is worth a visit to the Alcazar
to witness the thrilling scene In the sec
ond act, where Miss Convere totters to
the top of a steep flight of steps and
sways backward, until a shudder passes
mrough the audience.
Belasco & Thall's Central.
The latest London melodrama. "A
Daughter of the Million." in four thrill
ing acts, by Clarence Burnette. was pro
duced last evening to a delighted audi
ence at the Central. It Is quite chaste
and pleasing. The stage does not swim
in goro as in the ordinary, melodrama —
in fact, only four or five revolver shots
are fired in the whole piece. A detective
is shot, but recovers In the receiving hos
pital, and a clergyman and a boy are
stabbed. Effle Darling, the gypsy, and
Howard Hall as Adam Dare, the curate,
have the leading roles. The fun is fur
nished by James M. Ward and Frank Op
perman as Timothy Long and Toby Short
and Gertrude Clare as Mary Ann Tlp
pette. Little Norman Phillips, as "the
Shrimp." does a remarkably clever bit of
melodramatic acting and is the envy and
admiration of the boys in the gallery.
Orpheum.
Kathryn Osterman is a he'adllner at the
Orpjieum this' week, vainly trying to veil
her splendid comedy talent and infectious
laugh with an awful absurdity called "The
Widow." Miss Osterman has been here
before and it is to be hoped before she
goes she will fall back on her old suc
cesses, if there is no other way. to give
an anxious public a sample of what she
can do.
Two other new comers at the Orpheum
who scored a hit are J. K. Murray and
Clara Lane. This talented pair present
Lecocq's "Heart and Hand" in abbrevi
ated form, giving a delightful half hour
of high class musical comedy. The Em
pire City Quartet completes the list of
new comers.
The wonderful Nelsons, the Learner sis
ters, Lizzie and Vinle Daly, Warren and
Blanchard, Foy and Clark, and not for
getting the American blograph. help make
up an Orpheum programme that safely
may be labeled "the best ever."
Alhambra,
The dramatized version of Marie Corel
li's novel. "The Sorrows of Satan." at
tracted a. fair-sized audience to the Al
hambra Theater last night, notwithstand
ing the rain. His Satanic Majesty Is pre
sented In an. unusual light, which has
the effect of producing a feeling of sur
prise, followed by incredulity.
Olyinpia.
The headllners of the now bill are Sevor.
McGreevy and Sevor. ' who scored a hit
The bill at the Olympia this week Is a
strong one. The new-comers were all
well received last night. Querita Vincent,
the Morrises and Mabel Hudson, all
established favorites, scored their usual
successes.
Chutes.
The preliminary advance sale of seats
for the forthcoming engagement of Sousa
and his band at the Alnambra is on at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. It opened with a
rush on Saturday last. The first appear
ance of Sousa and his celebrated organ
ization will be on next Sunday night,
which will probably be "Sousa night." the
programme being made up of popular
numbers.
Sousa Band Concerts.
Godo-wsky Coming.
Musical circles are- greatly Interested In
the advent of Leopold Godowsky. the Pol
ish pianist, who will play for the first
times In this city at Sherman. Clay &
Co.' 3 Hall on Tuesday. Wednesday and,
Friday afternoons of next week. God,ow
sky ranks among the world's greatest
planist3 and in Berlin, where he- conclud
ed a series of recitals on the 16th of Janu
ary, the critics with one accord pro
nounced him a revelatton. Tho sale of
seats will begin at Sherman. Clay &. Co.'s
next Friday morning.
Fischer's Concert House presented an
entire new* programme last night and a
large audience applauded every turn. AH
Zada, an Oriental necromancer, thorough
ly mystified every one. Harry de Laine.
a high barytone, proved a pleasing sur
prise. The Marcos. ¦ "human, knots." and
Godfrey, a tight-rope walker, contributed
the circus portion of the entertainment,
and Lillian Levey proved herself an ag la
and graceful dancer. Sue Earl, an agree
able soprano. Dalton and Lewis, burles
quers, and the Fairbanks brothers, club
jugglers, completed" the bill. Hlnrichs' or
chestra was up to its usual excellent
form. * .','*;V: • "
Fischer's Concert House.
in their laughable. »klt. "A Itagtlnae R<»
ceptlon." Introducing some clever buck
and win?: dancing:. Miss Carmen Carlo
sines ballads •written for eitiier tenor or
soprano. George Gale appeared tn char
acter impersonations. Ksmeralda contin
ues a ble feature. Other numbers are
William de Boe, balancer, and comic mov
ing pictures.
JAMES KILGOUR IN "JUDAH"
AT ALCAZAR THEATER.
(Photo by Bushnell.)
THE REV. PETER C. TORKE.
WHOSE AB1LITT AS A LEC
TURER IS WELL. KNOWN.
At the session" of Golden Gate Camp on
the last'Monday In January two petitions
-were presented and referred to appro
priate committees on investigation The
ofilcers of the camp will unveil the' mon
ument erected to the memory ot the lat«»
Richard J. Wren at Mount Calvarv Com*,
tcry on the 10th inst. . temc "
Woodmen of the World.'
' California Council No. 1 of the Daugh
ters of , Liberty will celebrate the ' sixth
anniversary of Its "institution by an "at
home" , in the : council *¦ room in the Shlels
building to-morrow -night. . This is to be
complimentary to the friends of the mem
bers. At 10 o'clock the- ladles of. the coun
cil wllf treat the. gentlemen, present -to
cigars and - will t then - retire ;. to ; the £ ante-'
rooms to fdve the gentlemen a chance to
smoke. , There will be an interesting' pro
. cramme of entertainment. :
Daughters of L iberty .
DEATH OF ; ; IIERMAN CWAN
w - ltl '- — Herman Wanecke, • a native of • Ger
many. , 5S years old. -. died i euddenly yesterday .
¦in nis room, 8 Centra M place. Death was due
to natural causes. The body w&a removed to
the Morgue. .Waneeke was a^butcher and:had
been sick for a long time. • .
DESERTED BY -.' HUSBAND.— Mary Matson
commenced suit for divorce yesterday against
her husband George • Matson. a plumber. She
tUie B c8 rtn her complaint th,af het deserted \ her
and their, two children about a year ago.
AN INSOLVENT ENGINBER.-D. H. Gates)
an engineer of Santa Clara, filed a petition In
insolvency yesterday in the United States Dis
trict .Court. He owes J3S5 20 and has no assets.
James ¦ Doran. aged S2 years, who was
struck down by a cable car at the corner
of -market and Montgomery streets on
Saturday afternoon, succumbed to his In
juries at the Counts' Hospital last night
Grlpman AV. G. Edwards, -who harl charge
of the car at the time of the accident
was arrested Saturday and charged with
ha ttery pending the. results of the old
man's Injuries. He will now in all proba
bility be arraigned for manslaughter.
Succumbs to His Injuries.
The stock of Turkish rugs at SOS Sutler
street has been -placed- in the 'hands of
E. G. Knapp, attorney for the creditors.
a«d will 1 be sold out at auction on ' Wed
nesday, .Thursday and Friday, this week
at 10:30 a. m. and 2 p.m., until all clain'3
are' satisfied. .
Any, person having claims against saUl
stock must, present their bills before Sat
urday. • - . ¦¦.'-¦. -¦ :. . ' • ¦
Oriental Rugs" in the "Hands of the
~ . ;. . Creditors. . ,
. Juvenile Temple were publicjy Installed in
Pythian Castle. OaVland, last week. The
members of the Juvenile branch gave an
interesting programme after the ceremo
nies under the direction of their superin
tendent. Mrs. Georgia "VVillard. The new
officers promise to work actively for the
cause. At its last held meeting the lodge
• initiated .five candidates. The two com
panies of t*ie lodge will engage in a
friendly contest during the ensuing term
for members.
The local lodges are all showing signs
of improvement, especially Spring Valley,
which has just closed a very puccef^ful
T.rrm in Its hall at the northern end of
Octavia street.
Valley Lodge, which meets in Foresters'
Ilall on Eddy Ftreet, has elected Ceorga
ljee Jts rhitf templar and an active corps
of officers. Evening Star Lodge, which
meets !n the same hall, is surnamed
Swans' Lodge, because it has in its mem-
Iwrfhip a mother Swan and four young
Swans, each enc holding an office in the
lodge.
Good Templars.
The officers of Oakland Lodge of the-
Good Templars and these of Gclden TTest
Improving : Downto\7n ' Streets.
Sacramento. Clay and Washington
streets • between Montgomery and San
some will be paved with asphalt as an ex
periment by ,tlie Boarc 1 . of Public Vv'orks.
The contract calls, for -a six-inch concrete
foundation; with a one-inch .binder course
and two - inches of.- asphalt on: top. The
City i Street gj Improvement . Company, to
whom the ¦ contract was awarded for
$f.79O 12 for the three blocks, agrees to keep
them. in repair lor, ten -years. ".
; Bearl«s Hall, south slde^— Box. 'A,. Robert.
Oxnard;.box .B.'.H.' T. Scott;; box C,,J. W.
Byrne; box' D,' Clinton E. Worden: box E,
D. F. Murphy: box 1 F. Robert F. Morrow;
box G. E. W. Hopkins. :
North *tde- Mrs. I. N. | "Walter, box H-
J. D. Grant, box I; Irving Scott, box J;
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, box K; house box E
Mrs: General Warfleld. / • ' -. ¦
' As last year, considerable grumbling
among the artists and almost every male
concerned is In order when the vise regu
lation is mentioned. " 'Hamlet' without
Hamlet Is a masked ball without masks,"
say- these, and they, prophesv a repetition
of the oppressively respectable,- ridiculous
ly formal and frosty aitair which they al
lege the artists' ball , last year became
through this absurd interdiction. .
"A man is-not going to make a foolof
himself in his every-day- Market street
face,',' say these. "We shall not go in cos
tume if we may not mask.' that Is all, and
the carnival— save . the' mark!— Will '¦; be
hall.'^v ¦ ; ¦¦;" . ¦ ¦¦' ¦ • ... : - \. * •
; The holders. of the boxes are. as follows:
THE picturesque 7 poster announce
ments of ' the Mardi Graa bal
masque at the Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art for February 19 are
. now scattered broadcast over the
town to the number- of ; 2000.. Everybody
who is anybody will have received by to
morrow morning the ; invitation .to con
tribute his $5 per ticket for; the privilege
of attending the" artists', ball. .The sale of
boxes has already begun, and ele'ven out'
of twelve of those which are ot be erected
at- either end of the Searles. gallery are al
ready sold. ' Only th# large "box," known
as the f old conservatory;.^or which $50 Is
asked.- remains in .the market. One : only
of the'"house boxes"has been, taken out
of the twelve" which surround the main
neither more nor less amusing than the
deadly dull average society affair."
- 1 he other side slaps a full, pocket as
tangible evidence of the wisdom of the
alleged unpopular arrangement. Some
thing over $3djO was the financial result of
last jear.s ball-more than any like func
tioned ever brought into the coffers of
the Institute— largely owing, say the con-
P ? rv . a tIves - to the institution of this reg
.ulatlon, of which Fociety distinctly ap
proves. It. was at first' decided this- year
to submit to the will of the artists and
permrp the privilege of the-mask to both
sexes alike, but at last, week's meeting of
the committee of arrangements the Phil
istines triumphed, and the one, poor little
ewe lamb of Bohemia has disappeared In
the insatiable maw ( of- society. One im
provement ¦ over last year's I programme is
comfortably • promised.r r.The lemonade
authorities and the rest of the committee
on cuisine came . In for some sharp | criti
cism, on the merits of their menu, but the
edible arrangements will be U in otheft
flu i on tne forthcoming occasion, and a
Jlbe I al ° r even lavish 1 menu, is" on the
cards. The upstairs dining-room and the
library will be used this year • as t supper
Balons in addition to ¦ the breakfast-room
downstairs, in which the supper is usually
served. . . r*v . '
The officers of Clinton Lodee have been
Installed .by. :drand. Dictator Archibald,
assisted by a number of grand officers.'
W. H. Howard. D. D. G. D., installed, the.
officers of Union Lodge, boine assisted in
the work by Orand Dictator ; Archibald.
Vice Orand Dictator Holcomb. Grand Re
porter Johnstone and Deputy Summers.
The open installation of the officers of the
Sacramento Knights of Honor was at
tended by many of the residents of, that
city and was a great success.
\erba Buena Lodge is : arranging a
scheme to di-vide the membership Into
two classes for the purpose of engaglnrr
in a. friendly contest to increase the mem
bership. The lodge in- Fresno adopted
such a scheme a - short time since and
since then has had twenty-two applica
tions and already fifteen Initiations.
The monthly report, dated February 1,
shows that since the previous report th*»
number of deaths in the order was 140 ot
which six occurred in California. Pre
vious to the printing of the list forty-six
of the death claims had been paid And
the amount to be collected would meet
all the other oblleatlons and leave a sur
plus of $99.000., ..
During the -past week-R. A. A. Sum
mers, D. D.G. D., assisted J. \V. Rourke,
P. G. D.; M. L. Crowe, S. R.. and Grand
Reporter Johnstone. performed the unusu
al ceremony of installing into the office or
dictator of a lodge, one who has held the
office of grand dictator of California. The
member so installed is Dr. Charles \V.
Decker, who is now dictator of Tancrecl
Lodge. Those* who were installed ' with
him are: Leo O. Rodees, V. u.;,Davi<l
Brown. A. D.: Scott Eider. R.; Lawrenoj
Fitzgerald. F. R.: William Cronan. T.:
Henry KlckhoiT. C; Charles- M. Seeburt
O.; Q. C. Cummings,. guardian ; W". H.°
James. S.; David Brown. Q. C.'Cummlnga
and Scott Elder, trustees: L. W. : Sceley,
past dictator. ¦ ¦ ¦'- . >
Knights of Honor.
This sensational statement was made by
the Rev. Frank K. Baker and the Rev. J.
N. Beard at the weekly meeting of the
Methodist Episcopal Ministers' Union.
Both the reverend gentlemen had attend
ed the mass-meeting at the Mayor's earn
est solicitation and were disgusted at the
result. Their indignation was expressed
yesterday in no uncertain terms, and the
pastors present- showed their sympathy
and feeling in the matter by their attitude
and opinions. ¦
Dr. Board said that he did not consider
that tho meeting was a representative
one. He told of the presence of poli
ticians, toadie3 of the administration,
racetrack touts and sporting men. who
voted against the better element as rep
resented by. the clergymen and succeeded
in carrying the resolutions which were
forwarded to the Legislature recommend
ing a limited season of thirty days' rac
ing in this' State.-
Dr. Baker also told his brethren that,
notwithstanding the fact that Mayor
Phelan had a year ago expressed an opin
ion that gambling was Immoral, the ele
ment in force at the meeting was willing
and did indorse the Supervisors' action
in" passing the resolution that might re
sult in thirty days' racing in this county.
During the heated discussion of the sub
ject Miss Lake, who is in charge of the
Methodist Episcopal mission in China
town, appealed to the ministers to co
operate with her in preventing Chinese
slave erirl traffic in the Celestial quarter.
Ag a result of->ier appeal resolutions were
drawn and will he presented to the legis
lative investigating committee asking its
members to look into the condition of the
slave grirls of San Francisco.
The Rev. Mr. Ilayrett read a paper be
fore the Baptist ministers yesterday on
"The Progress Made in Doctrine. Law and
Prophecy." The Rev. Dr. Dobbins deliv
ered a scriptural talk before tho Presby
terian ministers. His subject was "What
soever He Will Have You Do. Do It." The
Rev. F. S. Parch, a returned Chinese
missionary, told of his experiences in the
Orient. The Rev. F. V. Jones deliverer
an Interesting address before, the Congre
gational Ministers 1 Union. The Rev. C. Z.
Anthony read a paper before the Metho
dist Episcopal Ministers' Union on "The
Conversion of Children." -
The ministers of San Francisco informed
their brethren yesterday that the meet
ing called by Mayor Phelan last week, and
at which the ministers of San Francisco
were invited to express their views on the
racing and gambling evils In San Fran
cisco, was nothing more than a snare and
a trap in which the clergymen were
caught.
Rev. Drs. ¦ Beard and Baker Allege
Clergymen Were Led Into a
Snare and Then
Caught. .
Methodist Ministers Charge
Phelan With Duplicity
and Unfairness.
MAYOR'S MEETING
IS BUT A TRAP
1 According to Casserly, he had to visit a
number of "outside schools" and he
thinks that as he did not care tq walk or
ride in a street car the public that pays,
his salary ought also to pay his hack bill.-
Superintendent Webster thinks otherwise
and has decided that the bill is not a
proper one to submit to Auditor Wells.
"Eight dollars for hack hire," exclaimed
the Superintendent. "I will not stand for.
it. • What do you think of babies going to
school and standing .up all day, while
School Directors ride around in carriages,
and then ask the city's depleted treasury
to pay the bills? That Is bosh. If the city
cannot g-et half-fare rates for school chil
dren, why should the Directors ride in
carriages?""
Mr. Casserly. who never entered a pub
lic school until he was appointed a School
Director, one day became possessed of
an idea with the result that he forthwith
proceeded to accumulate a hack bill
amounting to JS. This bill came under the
official cognizance cf Superintendent
Webster and was promptly "hung up. '
And , now Casserly is wroth and ori the
verge of refusing to tax his brain by cul
tivating any more ideas for the "benefit"
of the public.
"Jack" Casserly, by the grace of Mayor
Phelan- a member qt the Board of Kdu
tlon. may ride to the hounds at Blingum
astride, his favored charger, without any
serious objection being raised, but he can
not ride in cabs at the public expense
while making his rounds, if Superintend
ent Webster can prevent it.
Supsrintendent Holds TJp the Bill
and Declares City Should
Not Be Asked to
Pay It.
School Director Too Proud
to Walk or Ride in a
Strest Car.
CASSERLY VISITS
SCHOOLS IN CABS
James Dunn Jr., son of James Dunn,
vice president and macager of the Ameri
can Biscuit Company, had a brilliant
career in the tenderloin cut short yester
day afternoon by Detective Reynolds.
James Jr. Is a youth of 18 years and re
cently. Trtth a few boon companions, pro
ceeded to paint the town a bright vermil
ion hue.
A salary of $60 per month as a clerk In
his father's employ did not suffice for
James Jr.'s extravagant tastes and a few
days ago -he decided to make a splurge.
James Jr. has a beautiful and young sis
ter en whom her father has lavished many
costly jewels. James Jr. set his brain to
¦work; that is he fct it to work between
drinks. His sister did not wear her jewels
but on very rare •occasions and James Jr.
decided that he could put the baubles to
better use than reclining in a jewel case-
So during the past forty-eight hours
James Jr. appropriated to himself the
aforesaid baubles, which in cold cash are
valued at $5000. With diamonds, pearls,
turquoises and other gems. in bis*-posses
sion James Jr. felt like a king of the
TransvaaL "Whoop! Ja! open another
bottle, bartender!"' And all of the friends
, of James Jr. voted him a good fellow.
"Say. Eilly." sai£ JarnesJr.. "go and
Ecrak this diamond and watch for me.*'
Forthwith Billy proceeded to Interview
• the g-entleman who displays the three
glided spheres as his sign of trade.
While James Jr. was disporting in a
Powell street cafe, his fun was disturbed
• by Detective -Reynolds, who. in-a fatherly
manner, took him by the arm and escorted
him to a waiting hack.
• James Jr was too intoxicated to under
stand what was going on. but when he
reached .the" home of his brother-in-law
. he was searched and relieved of -nearly all
the missing jewels belonging to his sister.
•Last night, the detecti\-es were, scouring
the tenderloin In a search for the missing
diamond pin- and jeweled watch v.ldc.'i
, James Jr. had parted with.
At an early hour this morning James Jr.
•was locked in a bedroom, minus his'
clothes.- but with a liberal supply of fresh
water and ice. -
When James Jr. .corner to his senses he
¦will be .interviewed by his; irate father,
•who has a choice collection of horsewhips
and rattan canfs. ¦
In the meantim**. the name of James
Dunn Jr. has b*en erased from the list
of high-roller? in the district where the
lights burn red at midnight.
Borrows His Sister's Jewels
and Creates a Scare in
His Home.
• ¦ —
While Opening Wine in the Tender
loin He Is Bagged by Detectives
and Conducted to His
Home.
JAMES DUNN JR. '
CUTS A SWATH
Invitations to Buy Tickets for the Mardi Gras
'Bal Masque Are Sent to the Fortunate.
POSTERS FOR ARTISTS
BALL ADORN THE TOWN
p-jT-^HE Prison of the Pope" Is the
¦ I title selected by the Rev. P. C.
I Yorke as the subject of his lecture
UL to be given at Metropolitan Hall,
Fifth- street, on next Thursday
evening. The reverend gentleman's abil
ity as an entertaining, instructive and elo
quMit. orator Is well and widely known
and an intellectual treat is assured. Dur
ing his recent trip to Europe Father Torke
spent much time in the Eternal City and
was .very favorably, received by his Holi
ness the Pope. Father Yorke wasted no
opportunity to observe all; the. wonders of
Rome and to fetudy the civil and political
condition of the- Italian peopled and ia
therefore well qualified to speak. upon the
ructions existing between the Quirlnal
and the Vatican.
The proceeds of the lecture will b'e de
voted to the bulletins fund of St. John's
parish, formerly St. Mary's College. Mis
sion o-oad. of which the genial and pop
ular Rev. P. D. Brady is pastor. . Father
Brady is striving to build a chucch in his
little community and cordially invites all
his friends to attend the .lecture. : The
price of tickets has, been- reasorably
placed at 50 cents, with reserved seats 23
cents extra. Tickets are on sale at Gil
dea's clothing store, corner . of Market
street and Grant ; avenue; 5 each - day be
tween.10 a. m. and 5 p.m., and at the hall
on tfce evening of the lecture. V,
£% -»..».» « » » » « »»¦¦«»;? «*«•» »..»..?. ¦?._»..«..« » .
"The Prison of the ' Pope," His Subject,
Studied by Him in Eternal City.
FATHER YORKE'S LECTURE
TO AID ST. JOHN'S PARISH
IT MUST be confessed that Mr. Stod
dard has turned out a better con
structed p'ay from Hardy's novel
than ilr. Mitchell did from Thack
eray. "Tpfs"' ftaugp tog-ether better
than did "Becky Sharp"; the story is
more coherent, intelligible and impres
sive.
The first act starts the action rapidly;
Judge Conlan had three Chinese visitors
and . two white visitors on his calendar
and 'the cases were . continued till Thurs
day. .¦•.-.-¦. - ¦*¦:•; • - ¦'¦ • ' ' -¦¦-¦ ¦¦ "•;.
In Judge Fritz's court two Chinese keep
ers and a Chinese; visitor : pleaded not
guilty, waived a Jury and their cases were
continued till to-morrow. .
Judge Mogran haji threo , keepers, four
Chinese visitors and seven white visitors
before him. All the cases were, at the
request of the defendants, continued till
to-morrow. Ben Floros, one of the white
visitors, was released, on his own'recog
nizance. He is employed on the steamship
Mexico and lives at 442 Green street. He
was married Friday and went to»aChi
nese -lottery Saturday to : win money to
buy furniture with and was arrgsted. He
hair been In the City Prison, since, being
unable to cet bail. Ben Remarez and
Robert "Degomes had also been in prison
since Saturday arid the Judge fixed their
bail at 510 each.
In Judge Cabaniss' court two Chinese
keepers were fined $109 each, this being
an advance of $40 upon his previous fines
for the same offense, and two Chinese
visitors were fined $30 each, this also be
ing an increase in the usual tariff. In
the cases of Henry Cohean, Joseph Man
ning and George Roberts, charged with
visiting, each pleaded not guilty and a
continuance was granted till to-morrow.
George Ogle, a visitor, failed to appear,
and the Judge declared his bail of $10 for
feited and ordered a bench warrant Issued
for his arrest. The Judge sent a written
order to Warrant Clerk Peery that in fu
ture the bail for keepers must not be less
than $100 and for visitor*not Ies3 than $40,
Unless this ordor .is countermanded by
the other three Judges it will stand.
The Chinese and white and colored mcn %
thirty in number, arrested In lottery',
places in Chinatown Saturday and Sun
tfay appeared in the different Polite courts
yesterday and various dispositions were
made of the casos.
Arrested Saturday and Sunday,
Appear in Different Po
lice Courts.
The Thirty Men, Chinese and White,
Police Judge Cabaniss Makes
Another Advance in
His Tariff.
LOTTERY FINES
ARE INCREASED
Alcazar.
The visitor at the Alcazar Theater last
evening, who witnessed the performance
of Henry Arthur Jones' problem play "f
"Judah," must have had one thought
uppermost in his or her mind. The
thought must have been. What mistake
has the Alcazar management made Jn
charging popular prices for the produc
tion of "Juclah?" Given the same produc
tion at SI 50, the whole city would be flock
ing to the doors of the theater.
For 232 weeks the Alcazar has given a
variety of plays, but none that could
compare with the performance last nignt.
Kor artistic treatment and perfection of
detail, the Alcazar production Of "JudaiV
ranks far above that given at the Bald
win, by E. S. "Willard, the famous English
actor.
Joseph -Kilgour made his first appear-
Fpgarty as Rochester, both sing a good
Nell Gwynne is undertaken by Annie
Meyers, who is not quite at her happiest
as the frolicsome actress: Maude Wil
liams is the usurer's pretty niefce. Jessa
mine, and takes good care of the part.
Julie Cotte is the Clare. Georgie Cooper,
of "Geisha" fame, is back again at the
Tivoli.and sings and acts the part of Mar-
Jorie with a quaint and comic air. Some
of the choruses "go" with much-vim, and
the orchestra, though not always
rhythmically "there," was well balanced
in regard to weight. "The Wizard of the
Xile" will follow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, FEBRUARY o, 1901.
The second act shows Tess and Angel
married and leads up to the painful scene
where Angel ruthlessly casts off his wife
and rushes away to Brazil. In the book
this is the weak, the incredible element
in the Hardy psychology; in the play it
is even weaker and more incredible than
in the book. "Ever since I have known
you," says poor Tess, "I have gone on
loving you. How can you help going on
loving me?" What thing calling itself
it omits al! the Alec-Stoke incident of
Tess* life and takes us to the point where
she agrees to marry Clare. Tess' mother
is ingeniously made the means by which
the fatal letter carrying Tess' confession
ip prevented from reaching Clare, and the
love of the three milkmaids for the hero
furnishes a pleasant comedy scene— about
tha only one in the play.
12
| 'Incandescent light wlrlns a specialty Elec
trlcal Enclneerln* Co.. 6C3-5H Howard it. •
H*8 It ever struck you that you can buy
Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey for almost the same
price that is paid for ordinary whiskey? Your
dealer has It. '¦*
To Curs the Grip in Two Days
Lesctir* Drorno-Qutnlae removes the cause.»
DR.MQNULTY.
nPHrs WklLL-KXOWN AND RKLIABLE OLD
.1 fspeclallsteurwploort Poison, «onorrhasa.Ote«>t.
3nZ&3£: M -; mll '» I t > v *a*nes». Impotence and their
allic<l ilMwirder*. Koolc on Discuses of Men. tree.
9 toJdaily ; 8;30 to*. 38 e Vrs. fiumtvr*. 10 to 12. Consnl-
tationfreeandsacredlyconadentlal. Call or address
P. ROSCOn McXCLTY. 31. D.
2O hi Kcarnr St.. Man t'rancisco, Cs\,
715 Market st.. S. F. Shattuck av., Berkeley.
9th & Wash'n. Oak. Central av.. Alameda.
7th & Wood, Oakland. i9 S. 1st st.. Saa Jose.
917 Washinston »t.. Oakland.
I Postum Cereal I
Makes red blood. Larce pk». -,«/- J
Key. 2ic -OC
I Mahrsells Sardines
Highest quality. Can .-•
French Sardines. Res. 15a IOt
"Packed In finest Ollva Oil.
Brtmiangelon
For quick desserts. Pkj. ¦ .-.-
Reg. 2 for 23c IOC
Bixbee's.Shoe Polish
For ladies' shoes. Bottle _» —
A shine for almost nothing. 5
Res. 10c. v
| Ghirarclelli's Cocoa ,
Z Fre*h made. Regular sl2« -%nr-
\ Healthful and Reff. 23c 20C
Strengthening.
Baltimore Oysters
Clean, select S cam-,.,.
Very jood for the money. » i y~
Ceylon Tea
.' "Xew crop. Pound jr\r
Puro tea leaves. R#*. 50c. J uv '
Noted for strength and flavor.
Rex Deviled Ham
For re#dy lunch. 3 cans mr
m ¦ Reg. 5c IUU
•' ' i Quality equal to any brand. .
Jesse Moore Whiskey
a. a. Bot« 8 70C :
Mackenzie Scotch v
> w For "Hot Scotch" BottfcQ--. >
c " And ordinary use. Her. SI. 25. O^C >
? -Table. Port or Sherry | [ ; I
' St. Lawrence Gallon . ~ r <s
. Vineyard— Fresno. : ¦4')*- ??
;.:/ Monday and Tuesday. Reg. 75c • <
McBrayer Whiskey }
The OSenulne Gallon cj— —^ J
"Old McBrayer." Reg. $3.50. *?¦& 5 U >
Kejlogg\Whiskey X
a." a. '?r:~-- : ' BottieO^- <£
JfG^ c£&& CANDY CATHAPT1C . ' *34
Genuine stamped C. C C. Never sold In balk.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "just as good.