consideration." At the* time the Jute mill
had Just been established, and Walden
proved himself invaluable In this new en
terprise. He was an expert accountant, a
clever draughtsman and. a great system
izer. He proved himself so valuable tha:
at the end of seven years' Imprisonment
he was pardoned. '. "He ¦was then ap
pointed clerk of the jute mill and paid
Soon after "Walden's release he decided
to marry and his home was blessed with
a salary of $140 a month. The moment
the man was pardoned he appeared to
take a deeper interest than ever In hlj
¦work." His services were thought to be
invaluable. He had complete charge of
the mill, kept the books and superintend
ed all shipments.
The students are not losing their heads: '1S,ltho\igh' they deeply < regret; EtrrHozvard's resig
nation, I do not believe that the question oj 'free > sfelthiis involved in this instance. -:Dr. Howard' s
utterances in reference to the dismissal of Professor Ross in 'deference r tb the •wisJiesbf- Mrs. Stan
ford, while natural, were impulsive and untimely; At^a crisis which demanded the most sturdy
loyalty tlxey reflected upon the integrity of the authorities. ..- ¦
My faith in the executive strength of Dr. Jordan is again vindicated. Without consulting
Airs. Stanford and yet against his own personal feeling- — as the delay, indicated— he .has followed
the only course open to him unless a retraction were forthcoming.
As a business proposition it would be absurd for President Jordan to retain a professor
who has placed himself on record as bitterly opposed to the policy of the university. If the success
of the university is to continue the machinery must run smoothly. Dr. Jordan has acted on his
L** ** /* & m r4 /*l"t T a\ C CO^ J/1 i P ft f 1 / ft fill T C
In an interview to-nleht one of the
highest authorities of the university, who
would not. however, permit his name to
be used, said that the faculty was hear
tily In accord with Its president. This
authority declared ihat Professor Ross
left the university, not because there was
the remotest thought of abridging freo-
Mrs. Stanford's Dislike.
Bolton Colt Brown, rjrofessor of draw-
Ing and painting, also has expressed his
disapproval of the policy of President Jor
dan, but has given no publicity to his ut
terances. What -he has said. is known to
the authorities,. but he is Identically In the
position of Lovejoy «uid says he wtjl not
resign. In neither case is there an' indica
tion that the Incident will go further.
have heard what Professor Lovejoy has
said. They, are satisfied to let the Inci
dent rest where It Is, Darticularly as Love
joy has expressed his purpose not to re
sign.
dom of thought or of speech or of de
stroying academic freedom, but because
Mrs. Stanford took an aversion to th»
personality of Professor' Ross. As for
the Howard Incident it Is claimed that It
possesses absolutely no more significance
than a determination on the part of Dr.
Jordan to enforce 'itscipllne. Professor
Howard, it is asserted, was grossly dere
lict In criticizing before his class the pol
icy of President Jordan. By permitting
such ian Incident to' pa&f. without protest
and correction President Jordan would
have struck a fatal blow at the discipline
which Is'; so essential to the well being of
every official family,' particularly to an.
Institution such as Stanford.
"No falser, conception could go to the
world," said this professor to-night,
"than that which pictures the faculty of
this university as In sympathy with the
men who have lfeft us. We have the high
est regard for their ability. We admire
their sincerity and fidelity of friendship
which have prompted them to retire with
Professor Howard,, buf we feel that Pro
fessor Howard and they were wrong.
They have done an irreparable injury to
this institution, but the public should not
believe that at Stanford we are deprived
of freedom of thought or crippled In our
academic independence. Academic inde
pendence has never been at stake in this
whole unfortunate affair.
• "Only once did Mrs. Stanford Insist
upon her legal right of direction, and that
was last spring, .when she refused to
audit the salary of Professor Ross, and
she . did It then because Professor Ross
had made himself personally obnoxious
to' her. His personal views, his theories
of finance or of social culture had abso
lutely nothing to do with the case."
Students to Meet.
The students will meet to-morrow aft
ernoon to' discuss the situation. The ses-
(Continued on Third Paja.)
Michael : Dunn then delivered \ his ad
lress, opening the case for the defense.
Counsel promised to", prove that the death
if Jennie Bosschieter was not. caused by
he commission' of a criminal assault, and
ilso that the charge of willful murder
could not stand against the defendants.
McAlister on ; the Stand.
Walter, C. . McAlister,_was called to tha
stand. He;,was; arrested, on {the Monday
evening Vfollowlne.. October .48 ' and had
I since been in^JaiL--. The evening ot'Octo-
ber .18 he 'saw Jennie Bosschieter, with
Death and Campbell: had known Camp
bell about, a' year' and Death about six
months ; had known , Jennie Bosschieter
about ; two Tan'd .' a \ half .-' years ; had taken
her riding when he first became acqualnt-
GIRL VICTIM AND MEN ACCUSED OF HER MURDER.
OATEREON. N. J.. Jan. 16.—
Courjol for the defense in the
Jennie Bosschieter murder
¦J trial to-day practically closed
4 \ L the case. W. A. Death. Wal
ter McAl'ster and Andrew
Campbell, the three men on trial for the
murder, went on the stand in their
own behalf and told their versions of
the events of the night Jennie Boss
ch'.eter met her death while In
t their company. They told the eame
etory practically and their testimony va
ried but little as to details. The plea
Bet up by counsel for the three defend
ants was a general and specific denial of
e!l the accusations made against the men.
McAlister. Death and Campbell were each
en the stand. Their testimony was on the
line that they were acting on a generous
impulse when they took the 'girl out of
the saloon to the hack. They claim that
ehe wai "Jolly drunk" for a time In tha
hack room of Saal's saloon; said she was
Jok'r.g and laughing after the first drink;
that she became "dopy" after taking the
absinthe and then became dead drunk.
They had thought a drive In the fresh air
Tvculd do her good and had taken her
,-BcrosB the river out into the country. The
U*sau!t was denied.
Other Victims In View.
The hack. It would appear from the
statements made by the prisoners, was
not intended for the party at first, but
for McAllster. Kerr and two young wo
men whose names McAlister refused to di
vulge on the ground that their names had
not been mentioned before and he did
not want to cause them annoyance. The
story as told by each defendant appeared
plausible, explanatory and reasonable,
but conflicted with the testimony of the
hackman and the alleged confessions of
Death and Campbell as Introduced by the
State and admitted as evidence. The
State, which was beaten yesterday In the
effort to Introduce the confession said to
have been made by Campbell, succeeded
In getting it all in In even more detailed
manner than would have been possible
yesterday.
To-morrow the summing up will occur
and probably the case will be left with the
Jury about sundown, although It may be
that Judge Dixon will defer the charjre
to the Jury' until Friday.
When Judge Dixon opened court coun
sel for the accused asked that Schul
thorpa, the hack driver, be recalled so
that he might be confronted with the rec
ord of his conviction of a crime of which
he had previously been found guilty.
Judge Dixon denied the request on, the
ground that the point sought* to be made
against Scbulthorpe was Immaterial.
ed with her, but had never been to any
social affairs with her. He did not speak
to her on the evening of the ISth when
he first saw her.' because he did not think
she bad seen him.
The witness said he and Kerr walked
to Saal's saloon. Death came out of the
back room and ordered drinks. McAllster
asked Death whether he might Join the
party in the back room and Death replied
that he would ask the girl,' Jennie Boss
chleter. .Afterward he called to McAllster
to come In. Subsequently the witness or
dered a bottle of champagne. The girl
drank two glasses of wine and then ap
peared to be "pretty full." There was a
hack outside of the saloon and it was
thought that a drive would revive her.
Kerr and Campbell went out and started
down the street. The witness and Death
got In the hack with the girl and overtook
Kerr. and. Campbell and at the witness'
invitation they entered, the hack. They
all then. drove up to the Goffle road, In
tending to stop at Lee's place, but when
they reached there it was closed. Then
they • turned • around to drive home', and
had entered the rock road when the girl
complained of feeling ill and asked to be
taken out of the carriage. Placing the
hackman's blanket on the ground, they
laid the girl upon it and tried to revive
her", 1 but without avail. Placing th© girl
In the hack, they drove to a brook In thd
%'icinity. where they took her oat of the
hack again and bathed her face. They put
her back Into the hack and drove to Dr.
Wiley's office, and as he was not at homa
they hurried to Dr. Townsend's house.
Disposing of the Body.
Continuing. McAllster said:
"It was our Intention to act on th« sug
gestion of the hackman at first and driva
to the girl's home. We purposed to leave
the dead body on the front stoop of tho
Bosschleter home, but there were so
many passing In the neighborhood that
we decided to turn back and finally left
tho body where It would be easily found
near Alea's Icehouse."
Under Cross Fire.
This concluded McAlister's direct testi
mony and* ho settled back in his chair
and seemed to prepare for an ordeal -^hca
Prosecutor Emley began the cross-exam
ination.
"You had been leading a sporty Ufa
for some timer* said the prosecutor.
This was promptly objected to by tha
defense and the objection was sustained.
In reply to another question McAlister
said, that he did not make any effort to
go with Jennie Bosschleter for two years.
THREE MEN ACCUSED OF MURDERING JENNIE BOSSCHIETER
DENY ALL CRIMINAL ACTS AND POSE AS THE GIRL'S FRIENDS
attack was aimed la Dr. O. L. Elliott,
acting registrar of the university. An
article written by Dr. Elliott and printed
in the December number of the college
literary magazine. "The Sequoia," was
the cause of the criticism in "The Chap
arral." The student who la responsible
for the articles Is Brlstow Adams, editor
of the "Chaparral." So Justifiable doe^
he consider the articles that he has
shouldered the responsibility and seems
ready to take any consequences that may
follow.
Dr. Elliott's article which caused tha
criticism is referred to as "a recent out
burst" by Adams. It was entitled. "How
Can Alma Mater Wean Her Babies?" In
It Dr. Elliott handled both alumni and
undergraduates without gloves.
Adams in his reply takes the side of
the students and his thrust3 are as sharp
as those from the registrar. The larger
part of the current edition Is given up
to the task of chastisement. First he
treats of the article In his editorial col
umns: next the biting- sarcasm of "Mr.
Tooley" Is brought to bear: lastly anil
at more length he takes up the original
article point by point and makes vigorous
comment.
Replying to the question. "How Can
Stanford Wean Her Babies?" the article
says :
We would suggest that she treat them a lit
tle less as If they were in a kindergarten and
more as if they were men and women of a
great university. Let Alma Mater's children
have a few grown-up privileges and see if tha
result will not be more satisfactory than that
obtained from putting a puerile protest on
payer.
Both faculty and students are taking
sides, and "Chaparrals" are above par
on the market. It remains to be seen
whether or not Editor Adams will be
taken to task for his criticism of a pub
lished article from a member of the fac
ulty.
sion promises to be stormy, as the stu
dents are divided In a measure against
themselves. .A; proposition Is on foot to
memorialize Mrs. Stanford and beg her
to. reinstate .Professor Howard. —In- this
proposition the students" appear to • have
missed the very point of the entire affair.
Rumors have been circulated that I;i this
serious emergency In the life of Stanford
University President Jordan has shirked
his duty and has gone into hiding. Noth
ing, it appears, could be further from the
truth. Those who represent President
Jordan here give every assurance that he
not only accepts sole responsibility for
everything which has been done, but he
insists. that his policy, which he believes
to be the best for the university, shall be
followed. Dr. Jordan has been under a
severe stress since his return from Japan.
His domestic bereavement, the Ross Inci
dent and the Howard affair have contrib
uted to disturb him seriously, and for a
few days he has been taking a needed
rest at San Luis Obispo. He will return,
however, to-morrow and assume personal
charge of university affairs^
It is the opinion here to-night that the
excitement resulting from the whole af
fair will subside at once.
ATTACKS THE REGISTRAR.
Article in a Student Magazine Creates
a Furor.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 16.-
College circles were aroused by the stu
dent criticism of a member of the fac
ulty which appeared this morning in "The
Chaparral.", a comic magazine published
by an association of Stanford students.
It has been well known for several days
that some sort of criticism was to ap
pear In to-day's Issue of the magazine,
but it was not believed that the context
would be so harsh .nor the reproof so
smirching.
The person at whom the brunt of the
5TANT0RD UNIVERSITY.
Jan. 16. — The college town is
deeply agitated over the la
test developments In the un
fortunate affair that, has al
ready taken five professors
from the university and
threatens to provoke a climax that may
be of the moFt serious consequence to
this great educational Institution. A
feflir.g cf uncertainty and unrest per
vades the student body, and even ths
most conservative members of the fac
ulty are candidly apprehensive. They
ere concerned deeply over the future of
Stanford. They believe that the univer
sity is parsing through a critical ordeal
er.d only calmne?s. Judgment and cool
discretion will carry it through without
Injury to everything -which is of material
value to it.
Sensation followed sensation to-day,
when David Ellsworth Spencer, associate
professcr of history, accepted the lead of
Professor Howard and resigned. Profes-
H r Spencer has made Howard's cause his
own and has withdrawn pimply to show
a spirit of sympathy and friendliness to
a persona! friend. Professor Spencer
Fays that he feels that Professor Howard
¦w;is not fairly treated, and in justice to
himself and his friend ho was compelled
to wi.hdraw. No other significance is at
tached to the resignation, ¦which was Im
mediately accepted by Acting President
Brar.r.er.
Filling the Vacancies.
The university authorities are already
preparing to fill the vacancies caused by
the several resignations. Profr-ssor Laps
ley of Harvard, a capable and scholarly
man, has been appointed to a chair in th*
university and will take two of Professor
Howard' r classes In constitutional and
American history. It is possible that the
course of the French Revolution may >>e
dropped. Late this evening President
J. C. Eranner telegraphed to engage an-
other professor from Columbia College.
A reply Is expected to-morrow. There Is
no question that the vacancies will be
easily and quickly filled and that no
harm in the standard of the various de
partments affected will result. The In-
Jury. If any there be, will be altogether
In a different direction.
Miss Lucille Eaves, one of the Instruct
ors 1- the department of history, created
something' of a stir this morning by a
somewhat daring address to her stu
dents. She expressed sympathy for Pra
fessor Howard and declared that If it
were not for her class and the Interests
of her students she also would resign.
It Is reasonably certain that she will be
called to task by the university authori
ties for a violation of discipline.
President Jordan's Supporters.
Whatever may be said of the merits of
the controversy which has sent five pro
fessors of Stanford Into other fields In
vestigation develops one fact— the gentle
men who have retired do not seem to have
; either the sympathy or the support of the
| influential and conservative members cf
j the faculty. The men who have contrib-
I uted most to the success of the g--at ed
ucational Institution, who have clothed It
I with its character and have given to It
its dignity, are practically a unit in sup
1 porting President Jordan and his action.
| There are, perhaps, only two members of
the faculty of Stanford University who
are rot in accord with Dr. Jordan and
against Professor Howard and the friends
who have gone with him into voluntary
exile. One of these men who expresses
sympathy for Professor Howard and crit
j icizes the conduct of President Jordan
is Arthur O. Lovejoy, associate professor
of philosophy. Professor Lovejoy has
made no public comment, but has coa
tented himself with »ome rather caustic
remarks privately to lriends. The atmos
phere of goeslp Is electric, however, and
the high authorities of the university
ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR SPENCER FOLLOWS THE LEAD
OF DRS. ROSS AND HOWARD AT STANFORD UNIVERSITY
Walden Is a native of Germany and In
1SS0 he was sent to San Quentin to serve
a term of twenty years* imprisonment
for embezzling the funds of the San
Joaquin Warehouse Company. The pris
oner established himself favorably the
moment he entered the prison and be
cause of his agreeable manner and his
superior education was given unusual
Francisco for half that .amount. I base
my opinion that they were sold for half
what they were really worth from the
fact that whoever bought them must have
been a partner In the crime.
Trying to Find Accomplices.
"Whether Walden was known to be a
criminal and was tempted Is also another
thing which needs consideration. I think
that "Walden thought that on account of
the death of Chief Clerk Ellis he could
steal anything In reason and never ba
detected In hi* robbery. Walden never
handled any of the money, but it is im
possible to tell how often he shipped
sacks to the city In the same manner
In ¦which he has been detected on these
two occasions.
"I consider that Walden has treated us
¦with Ingratitude and no stone -will be left
unturned to bring him to Justice. Up to
the present time we have no trace of his
•whereabouts. He might have been swal
lowed up by the* earth, so cleverly has
he hidden his tracks. We hope to
be able to trace the drays and teamsters
who ' hauled the loads away from the
Jackson-street wharf, and you can rest
assured that when we find who bought
the sacks we will give the people a sen
sation. I am under the opinion now
that this thing has been going on for
some time and my brother Prison Direc
tors and myself will probe It to the bot
tom.
"If Walden is caught he will be severely
dealt with. I am sorry that the matter has
become public, as we hoped to keep the
whole thing a secret until we had located
the parties who bought the sacks, but
that Is a minor matter. They can be eas
ily found."
"When Walden asked for a week's holi
day he was granted a vacation willingly,
but when we heard of his two conflicting
stories about the nature of his trip we
became suspicious. We found that he
shipped over fifty thousand sacks to the
"city to a confederate and charged the
same to Miller & Lux and th,e Southern
Milling Company, our two biggest cus
tomers. These sacks are worth J2S00, but
I suppose that Walden or his confederate
sold them to some party or parties In San
Prison Director J. M. Wilkins was inter
viewed yesterday at San Rafael In regard
to Walden's embezzlement. He was reti
cent about the matter at first and stated
that he would prefer not to talk about
It, as he thought publication of
the facts developed up to date might
frustrate the plans for the recovery of
the stolen sacks. When told, however,
that The Call had full information of
Walden's crime he made the following
statement:
Director Wilkins' Statement.
two children. .For the past thirteen years
to all outward appearances the man led a
model life*. He never asked for a holiday,
was never known to drink, had no vices,
and his only recreation when away from
the mill was to occasionally visit Schuet
zen Park and participate in the shooting
matches. It Is now thought that the man
was not as Innocent as he appeared, and
that the amount of his embezzlement will
never be known. His books were kept by
a system of his own, and it Is now
thought that he was so confident he would
not be discovered in his crime that he
shipped sacks to the city. when and to
whom he pleased. The experts claim that
they have already found several instances
where TValden forced a balance.
THE cr;.te of the mysterious dis
appearance of C. J. Walden, the
c'.erk cf the Jute mill In San
Quentin penitentiary, has been
unraveled. Experts investlgat-
2ng his books finished their
•work yesterday. having discovered
that on October 12 and September
JS of last year he shipped 50,000 jute bags.
-!-ed at $2*23 75, to tMs city and charged
them to Miller & Lux and the Southern
Milling Company. Both these firms deny
ever having received •he bags. Investiga
tion has also ertcb'.i^ied the fact that
had a confederate in this city who
h.-id teams waiting at the Jackson-street
¦wharf to receive the bigs and that they
***• «old to some merchant in the city
at a reducc-d rate. "Who that receiver of
the stolen property n-as the prison direct
ors claim they will soon discover and they
declare they Trill prosecute all the parties
to the conspiracy to ?he full extent of the
law.
The Prison Directors are rJso positive
that these two are i:-*t the only offenses
cf the kind of which Walden was guilty,
but that during- the iate Warden Hale's
regime the wool was pulled over his eyes
end thousands of doliars* worth of sa-cks
were stolen from the penitentiary and sold
In just the same way.
Discover Embezzlement.
It 1? more than poesibi* that Clerk Wal
<cn might never hava been detected In
his crime had he not so mysteriously dis
erreaxed on December 10 last. He called
on Warden Aguirre snd explained that
be -was largely interested In a silver mine
la Nevada and that he would like a
work's vacation to inspect the mire.
Ajrulrre readily granted the vacation anS
»t the same time told '\Va!den, in whom he
had explicit confidence, that he could take
two weeks' rest If he felt so Inclined.
Walden went to his home outside the
prison walls and bidding his wife and two
children good-by explained that ' he was
going- to travel In the Interior of the State
I securing orders from the farmers for
i sacks on behalf of the prison board. These
] two conflicting- stories came to the ear*
I of the directors and aroused their sus
i picions.
Experts were encaged from this city
j ami all his work was gone over. The
j man krpt his accounts in such a manner
; that it was not till yesterday that it
j was r-roved that he had abused the con
fluoncp rppesed in him. It was found that
on October 12 Walden instructed the men
j under him In the shipping department t-.i
j send 23,000 tacks to San Francisco. The
I bundles were marked with a stencil with
! the letter E* On September 25 the same
j orders were given by "\Valden and exe
cuted. When the bags were landed In
th.s city drays were waiting on the wharf
to receive the stolen property, and de
tectives are now doing their best to find
to whom they were consigned. Walden
kept his books in such a manner that the
experts found that the only way that
they could detect any embezzlement
would be to ascertain If all the buyers
charged -with sacks had received their
consignments. Miller & Lux and the
Southern Milling Company, two of the
largest purchasers, were asked if they
had received a shipment of 25,000 sacks
each in "he past few months. Both firms
denied • having received . any shipment.
Walden's Ingratitude.
The Prison Directors feel very bitter
toward Walden. who they declare has
treated them with the basest of Ingrati
tude.
Experts Discover That Ex-Convict Clerk of San Quentin Jute Mill Shipped Thousands of Dollars'
Worth, of Sacks to Confederates in This Gi|y--Detectives Searching for Conspirators.
PROOF POSITIVE THAT MISSING WALDEN
IS AN EMBEZZLER OF STATE PROPERTY
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 48.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JANUARY 17, 1901.
C. J. WALDEN, EMBEZZLING CLERK OF JUTE MILL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.rn the franchise bill. It is objectionable to a
larte part of our people, who desire to be
heard. Please postpone action and present this
to the Southern California delegation.
BELSHAW'S FISH
: BILL PRESENTED
Designed to Protect the
Finny, Tribes of
California.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— Senator Belshaw intro
duced a bill to-day regulating the catch-
Ing of fish and the closed seasons, a com
panion measure to the game bill .Intro
duced by Senator Laird, except that Bel
shaw's bill does not forbid the sale of
fish In markets, hotels, restaurants or
elsewhere. .
From May 31 to July I, by the bill, it is
made unlawful to buy, sell, catch or
have In possession any striped bass; from
January 1 to July 1. any black bass; from
April 1 to August 15. any lobster or craw
jfish; from May l to September 1, any
.shrimps;- and at any time to have in pos
session any striped bass of less than on*
.pound, or lobster or crawfish of less than
nine, inches in length, or any female crab
or sturgeon. Trout, except steelhead, are
barred from November 1 to April 1.
It is further provided there shall be no
fishing in streams where there are Gov
ernment fish hatcheries. The dynamiting
of streams is forbidden as before and the
legislation regarding nets and seines and
the eizes of their mesh is re-enacted.
LATE ARRIVALS
¦A AT THE CAPITAL
George A. Knight Among
k~\ Tnose^Witli Axes to
Grind.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MEKTO, Jan. 16.-^-Gecrge; A. Knight came
up .from: the city to-day,' lured hither by
Burnett's bill to abolish -the position of
attorney to the San. Francisco Board of
Health. : :~ Mr. * Knighi is the attorney for
the board.
3I.C Hassett is here to look out for
some public administration legislation
and a small claim bill on the side.
C. R. Brown, formerly a newspaper man
of Sacramento, private secretary to Con
gressman Woods, is in Sacramento! lie
came from Washington to look after Mr
Woods' interest in the apportionment
Bart Kavanaugh and Frank Daroux are
here after poolselllng: legislation. They
are after an extension of tho provisions
of Belshaw's bill.
"William Denman of San Francisco came
up this evening in the interest of school
legislation. . .
No More Stenographers.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— There was a caucus
of : the Republican Senators this morn
ing to try to make a place for another
stenographer, bpt the plan failed. There
were plenty to favor the appointment, but
under the caucus rule .one objection is
fatal and there were several to object
It was threatened that if the door were
opened the addition would not be allowed
to stop at fine, so the appointment was
not made.
BELIEVES AN INQUIRY
WOULD BE PREMATURE
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA- 1
MENTO, Jan. 16.— The House Committee I
on Commissions and Expenditures held
another meeting at 9 o'clock this morning
and decided finally to "pass the buck" to
ihe Assembly In the- matter of the Cali
fornia Paris Commission investigation. A
report was drafted and is held by Chair
man Bliss, which will be presented to the
Assembly to-morrow. . •
Jn its report the committee rives to the
itawnHy the results of its preliminary
investigation and draws the parallel I of
the Hamburg Exposition affairs, as ex
plained by Controller Colgan. The com
mittee is of the opinion that an investiga
tion at present Is premature, as the com
mission has not had a reasonable time In
which to close Its accounts. At the same
time the committee expresses its willing
ness to proceed with the investigation Jf
tl)f Assembly shall so direct.
There is one contingency under which
sn investigation may be had. Governor
Cage has had two days to programme the
ihiiiff. and if he. desires to force the inves
tigation and maKe a. horrible example of
the commission that was superior to the
Stale Board of Examiners, all he has to
<io is to say the word and the investiga
tion will go on with a vengeance. As it
t-tandf- now, Melick, Bliss. Tread well and
Stewart of Amador, with the acquiescence
of Irving, the Democratic member, -have
not *een fit to claw at -the administration
<-he«?tnuts Fizzling In the fire, and Brady,.
and Jlaeson have kept discreetly in the
f-hadowe, waiting to see what they would
¦ ?ee.
APPEAL AGAINST
SNAP JUDGMENT
Commerce Adopts
Los Angeles Chamber of
Resolutions.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 1«.— The following
resolutions were adopted to-day by the
hoard of directors of the Chamber of
Commerce with reference to the franchise
1 *1 1 1 now before the State Legislature and
copies were ordered pent to the Southern
California delegation:
n>erf£», A bill has been introduced in the
Ftato Legislature entitled. "An act providing
for the tale of street railroad and other fran
< hises in municipalities, and providing: condi- i
,tlon« for the granting at Bueh franchisee by"
lofr'f'ative <-r other governing bodies and re
pfalmc conflicting m-t*," and whereas, the
subject of granting franchise* • for street raii
f- «of. and other franchisee, is of vital
interest • to the city of Los Anee
1«e. and -whereas, it is the desire of the
director* of this chamber that euch franchise
¦Ian- chall b* enacted as will serve the bwt
interest* of this and other cities In the State
«n<i provide for the Kranttnt: of franchise? on
twh lerms and conditions as will be reason
able end jui>t to both cities and corporations
cr iirrsons asking therefor and to injure -the
-*xtenyion cf street railroads on Just and rea
¦ tonahi* terms, and the consequent building up'
«n<!_prosperity of this "city, and whereas, we
drr#-oate haMy and ill-considered legislation
on this subject: now. therefore. .
Itisolved, Hy the Los Angeles Chamber of
Commerce, that our representatives In th«
Jyeglsiatur* b« and they are hereby requested
to delay action on the pending bill mentioned
and all other legislation on this important
rubject until the came can be maturely and
carefully Ctmsldered and representatives of this
city be heard 'thereon by the proper commit
tee*.
Similar resolutions were adopted to-day
bv the Merchants' and Manufacturers'
Association and the -following: dispatch
•was sent by Its secretary to members of
the southern delegation:
There Is no Becewlty for immediate action
Senator Rowell called upon the Gover
nor during the morning and discussed
with him the measures already intro
duced. They are the result of conferences
among the Regents, the alumni and the
friends of the university. Senator Rowell
was satisfied with the result of the dis
cussion, and he believes there will be no
trouble in formulating measures that will
suit every one. .
The fate of the university measures so
far as the Assembly in general is con
cerned is in abeyance, pending the ap
pointment of a member to succeed Ber
nard Collins, the deceased Assemblyman
from Butte, on the special committee ap
pointed to consider the portions of the
Governor's message relating to Stanford
and the State University.
The G«vernor reasserted his desire to
see the act appropriating- the 2 per cent
direct tax amended and the $50,000 in the
Governor's mansion fund transferred to
the university maintenance fund. The
audience lasted three-quarters of an hour.
"Let it be $100,000 or $200,000. as its needs
may determine," he said, "even if the
cost to the State per student is greater
than in Eastern universities. We are
Californians and believe in supporting our
institutions with California liberalty."
In rezard to the matter of control by
the State Board of Examiners, Senator
I.ukens said that the Regents published
regularly complete financial statements
and reports of their management.
"Yes; but who ever sees those reports?"
apk»d the Governor.
"As many as examine any official re
ports." was the retort.
Leavitt was more conciliatory in tone
than Lukens. and in response to his in
quiry Governor Gage said he would be
frlad to see a direct appropriation made
for as large a sum as the university need
ed for its liberal support.
Xo one took up the cudgel and the Gov
ernor proceeded:
"When the university people asked for
the 2 per cent direct tax we were assured
that they would ask no more. Now they
are clamoring- for increased revenue. The
institution already costs more than many
larger Eastern universities, and I have
ligures to prove it. The claim for in
creased revenue is not well founded. I
doubt if in the next ten years there will
be any considerable increase in the num
ber of students enrolled."
GOVERNOR VERSUS
THE UNIVERSITY
States His Position, and Bills
Will Be Altered Accordingly.
Special IMepatcn. to The CalL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 36.— The Alameda
Cnunty delegation had an audience
with Governor Gage at 3 o'clock
this afternoon, with the result
that a new set of bills relating to revenue
for the University of California probably
will be introduced. The Governor took
nn unequivocal stand against the Rowell
Mil and the majority of the delegation be
lieves that the Assembly will refuse to
pass measures of that character against
the Governor's wishes, much less to force
Them through over his veto. Under the
drcuniFlances the Alamedans believe the
or.ly wise course is to introduce measures
¦tthirh will receive the approbation of
Governor Gage. and. in consequence of
his purport, obt&in Eome benefit for the
¦university, «vcn though it be thoroughly
riiRappointirig to the alumni and friends of
that institution. ,
The bi!!s that probably will be FUbstl
t uted are one making a -direct appropria
tion of EM.OOO for maintenance during the
fueceeding two fiscal years, one amend
ing the act by which 50 per cent of the
T per cent tax must be devoted to perma
nent improvements by making all of it
available for maintenance, and a third
transferring the fund of .$50,000 appro
priated for a Governor's mansion to the
jralntensnce fund of the university.
The Alameda delegation did not caucus
pfier the audience with .the Governor. A
meetins Trill be called by Senator Taylor,
< hairman of the delegation, probably to
irorrow, at which a definite decision will
1-e reached in regard" to the substitute
measures and agreement reached as to
¦who phall draft and introduce them.
The conference with Governor Gage was
the result of an intimation that the Gov
ernor gave Senator Loavitt that he would
't>f clad to meet the deJegaion from Ala
rneda County to consider the interests of
•the university. Leavitt got the delega
tion' together last night and volunteered
to arrange for an audience. with the Gov
ernor to-day. He did eo and at 3 o'clock
all cf the Alameda Senators and Assem-
Mymea except Koliy, who had not been
informed of the hour of the conference,
went together to the Governor's office.
Governor Gage went to the heart of the
problem at once. He reiterated ¦ the op-
I'^sition he had expressed in his message
-,n the methods of indirect taxation pro
jiosed In Senator RowelL's bills. He ppoke
i\ilh considerable feelinfr. particularly in
opposition to the inheritance tax meas
ure. Continuing, he said he desired to
tee the university put on the same basis
as other State institutions— supported by
direct biennial appropriations and its af
3'airs to be subject to the scrutiny of the
Ftate Board of Examiners. Senator Lu
kens gave the objection to this plan, pay
ing that direct appropriations would force
the university people to resort to a lobby
every two years.
"They are jamming and lobbying all
the lime as it is," replied the Governor.
"They are about the worst with which
w« have to deal."
Seantor Lukcns Fald further that the
Governor's plan would leave the universi
ty's future insecure, endangered by the
jiogsibility of a Legislature antagonistic
lo adequate support of it.
"This is a government of the people."
the Governor said, "and if they choose to
lake such a position it Is not our duty to
iilac* the accomplishment of their wish
j'pvor.d thfir reach."
In illustration of what he evidently re
pards as careless financial management,
Governor Gage referred to the case of a
1 rofeFFor who lately spent a year in Eu
j-opi» on full pay. Lukens contended that
t-uch xvaF the custom with universities to
encourage research. Stanford allows its
professors one year in every seven for
«uch research, on leave of absence with
full pay.
"Do you know how many days the pres-
Ident of the University of California has
l.pfn iirei»<un at the university since his
inauguration?" retorted the Governor.
GAGE AND THE ALAMEDA DELEGATION CLASH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,^ THURSDAY, JANUARY 17, 1901.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take I-axatlve ' Bromo ' ; Quinine- Tablets. . All
druzglsta refund the money :lflt falls to cure.
E.--W. Grove's signature is on eacD box. '7.1c. '.•
COtTNTEEFEITING PLANT
/DISCOVERED AT EUBEKA
Detective Moffltt of the Secret Servica
Causes the Arrest of John
Nelson.
EUREKA. Jan. li-Jrhn Nelson ot.
Monument has been placed under arrest
as the result of Investigations of H. M
Moffltt. an officer of the United State3
Secret Service Bureau, who has been
working for several days to discover th*
source of counterfeit coins, particularly
nickels and five-dollar pieces, which hava
been in circulation in tnis cotmty for somo
time. His search resulted in the discov
ery of a complete electric plating outfit
No molds -or other necessary tools wer9
found. Some fine-grade lead pipe, how
ever, was uncovered. . • -
Detective Moffltt received his clew from
James Amen, who has just been taken t>
San Quentin for cattle stealing. J. \\
Culverson was arrested several years ag->
for passing counterfeit quarters. Whllo
awaiting trial in the- United States Dis
trict Court he .obtained his release on
straw bonds. and disappeared. Althoutrii
his presence in this county has be*"il
known to the Government officers no %'A
tempt was made to rearrest him. '^
Nelson was arraigned on the counter
feiting ensrge and released on $1000 bonds.
it an appropriation of $85,000 for the con
struction of a State highway to connect
the county highway systems of Santa
Barbara and Kern counties. Duryea of
fered a bill for the construction of a State
highway at Lake Tahoe. beginning near
Myers station and extending, past Tallac.
Emerald Bay. and MeKinneys , to Tahoe
City, at a cost of $36,000. This was intro
duced in the Senate by Lardner.
Johnson introduced Senator Devlin's
Supreme Court commission bill renewing
the commission and appropriatinr $67,000
for its maintenance.
Wright, of Santa Clara presented a
measure appropriating ?5000 for the study
of insects beneficial and injurious to the
fruit industry, the study to be prosecuted
under the direction of the State Board of
Horticulture..
Feliz of Monterey introduced a bill ap
propriating $5000 for the, establishment of
a fish hatchery at the Headwaters of th<j
Carmel River in Monterey County.
A bill Introduced by Foster of Alameda
County provides for an appropriation of
$5612 to meet the deficiency in the Adult
Blind fund.
Sutro of San Francisco introduced a
constitutional amendment which gives tho
people the right of initiative in the matter
of amendments to ireeholders* charter*
and another providing for the drafting of
county srovernment charters on the plan
of freeholders' charters, for cities.
BAD CLAUSE
IN NEW RULES
Enables Three or Four
Men to Block Leg-,
islation*
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 16.— Members of the Legis
lature who have given to the subject of
rules close study assert that the rule
adopted . yesterday, .relating to free con
ference, must be amended because it del
egates legislative powers to a commit
tee and Is therefore unconstitutional: Ac
cording to the joint rule in ; question,.fail
ure of the ¦ free conference < to agree sde
cides the fate of the bill. This practical-*
ly gives to three, or four members of the
committee the . power ¦ -. to a defeat a bill
which both r houses have passed. The ob
ject; of the conference is to promote and
not to kill legislation. • ¦ r
4 Suppose that the ,' primary election . law
should get , into -free v conference by - tho
manipulation' of the bosses, and that one
of Boss Kelly's agents on the floor should
whisper, to the presiding officer, "Put % so
and so on the conference."; In the rush of
legislation; the presiding officer, might an
announce : the conf < rr>nce % committee *„' as
requested. Agentr, of the. bosses would
bring about; a disagreement, and, accord
ing to the proposed ; new rule, the bill
would be killed in committee.
The old rule which was set aside reads:
The report of the committee on free conference
shall not be subject to ; amendment -in either
house, but the conference ¦ may : be • discharged
and other ; conferences : appointed, • or the = report
my be : recommitted to the same conference.
After the {members of the Legislature
take | time to \ read j Cushing's ¦ Manual and
study .the" rules adopted by Congress, they
will • undergo a | change | of mind in ; respect
to giving a free conference committee the
power to defeat a bill. ,-
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— The Senate Apportion
ment Committee met this morning, but
proceeded no further than organization
and a determination to meet often. The
Congressional districts were discussed,
but - no action upon them can be taken
until Congress shall . have decided, how
many of them there will be; consequently
the work of the committee for some time
yet will be somewhat speculative.
There has been one idea advanced, how
ever, which is new, and in carrying it out
the vexed question of making the Demo
cratic Sixth District a Republican dis
trict will have been solved. The plan is
to make of San Francisco two Congres
sional districts, the Fourth and the Fifth.
The city has a population of 842.7S2. which
would leave for each district 171,391, or
as much as either the Seventh or Eighth
districts will have under the present
scheme.
This would allow San Mateo. Santa I
Cruz and Santa Clara to go Into the Sixth
District, which would make it certainly
Republican.
The proposition has been broached to
the San Francisco delegation and It has
met their favor. They would be glad to
have the city by itself and free from the
county rights, and the counties would be
as glad to be free of the city.
Senator Lardrfer has a proposition to
make one Senatorial district out of Placer,
County, leaving out El D6rado. but the
problem of what to do with E.1 Dorado
under the circumstances makes the suc
cess of the scheme doubtful.
WORK OF THE
COMMITTEES
Joint Conference "Will Be
Held on Code Revision
Bills.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 13.— The Senate Judiciary
Committee has reported against Corlett's
Senate bill No. 17. which provides for the
passage of community property to a
woman without administration.
Davis' Senate bill No. 35. to give elec
tric wire lines of all kinds the rights of
eminent domain, was reported upon fa
vorably.
Devlin's Senate bill No. 42, making It
a felony to steal an electric current from
a live wire or to tamper with electrlo
motors or lines for fraudulent purposes,
was amended td make the offense a mis
demeanor and was then reported upon fa-
The Code Revision Committees of the
two houses held a joint meeting this even
ing and decided to meet together and
consider the code revision bills, so that
their reports may not conflict.
The Assembly Committee on Prisons and
Reformatories met this afternoon and de
cided to report favorably Assembly bill
No 8S introduced by Atherton. directing
the State Prison Directors to employ at
least twenty prisoners in the construction
and repair of roads to the State Prison
at San Quentin.
The Assembly Committee on Claims met
this morning and decided to report fa
vorably, with a few amendments as to
phraseology. Assembly bill No. 21, appro
propriating $435 38 to pay the claims of
battalion officers and officers and men of
Companies B and D, Second Infantry. Na
tional Guard of California, for services
rendered in defending prisoners in the Co
lusa County Jail from mob violence in
August. 1S97.
The Committee on Claims also decided
to report favorably Assembly bill No. 24,
making an appropriation of $300 to pay the
claim of the American Type Foundry, as
signed^ by the Salinas Democrat for pub
lishing proposed constitutional amend
ments.
SHORT SESSION
OF THE SENATE
Nutt Presents a Bill Af-
fecting the National
Guard.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 16.-There was but a short
session of the Senate this morning, and
when it adjourned it did so out of respect
to the memeory of Bernard • Collins" of
Butte, the Assemblyman who died yes
terday. Before adjourning a committee
of ,two. consisting of Senator Magg-ard,
whose Senatorial district Includes Collins'
Assembly district, and Senator Sims, were
appointed to assist in the arrangement's
for the funeral. t
Twenty new bills were introduced,
among them being one by Nutt to provide
the : retirement of | National Guard officers
after five years' service upon their muster
out because of reorganization, and allow-
lngr exemption certificates to enlisted men
after five years* service upon their muster
out under similar circumstances.
Byrnes introduced a ibill providing for
an appropriation of $10,000, to be divided
between W. W. Foote an d R. Y. Hayna
for services In behalf of the State as coun
sel in the suit of the Southern Pacific
against the Railroad Commission before
the District Court in 1S37.
Welch Introduced the primary law al
ready presented in the Assembly by
Treadwell. Sims introduced a bill limit
ing the number of notaries In cities of tha
first class, which means San Francisco, to
seventy.
SUSPICIOUS OF
THE BRADY BILL
Telephone Manager Glass
Says It's a Cinch
Measure.
"That's the dncher," said the push after
reading The Call synopsis of Assembly
man "Colonel" Brady's bill for the regula
tion of telephone rates.
At headquarters of the telephone sys
tem it is suspected that Martin Kelly and
Sam Rainey had a hand in the prepara
tion of the proposed cinch. It is a signifi
cant fact that the managers of the Sunset
corporation were advised by a lawyer
some weeks ago that an attorney hail
been engaged to draw up a regulating
bill. Since the first day of the legislative
session the lobby strikers at Sacramento
have been talking about the determina
tion of the Legislature to put a stop to
the extortion of the telephone company.
The hints and suggestions apparently
had no effect on the managers of the cor
poration. They did not advise any one
to withhold the bill or submit its pro
visions to their attorneys, but went right
along collecting the long distance dollar
and the urban nickel just as If the Legis
lature was not in session.
Louis Glass, general manager of the Pa
cific Telephone and Telegraph Companv
ana the Sunset Telephone and Telegraph
Company, asserts that the companies with
which he is connected will not contribute
one dollar toward defeating the bill in
troduced by Assemblyman Brady.
"I do not know," remarked Mr. Glass
yesterday, "that the bill was introduced
In the Legislature to cinch our company
but I suspect that it was. and I believe
that two bosses in San Francisco, one a
Democrat uu the other a Republican
knew that a measure of this kind was i:i
contemplation.
"So far aa our company is concerned,"
continued Mr. Glass, "we ihall rely on
the fair dealing of the Legislature. We
are not at the mercy of the San Francisco
delegation. We have- friends in every
county and business interests throughout
the State. You can say in The Call that
the company will not pay one dollar to
defeat cinch legislation."
Typographical Union's Protest.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. IS.— Tha members
of Sacramento Typographical Union Jfo.
49 met to-night and adopted resolutions
protesting against tha proposed reduction
of wages In the State Printing Office. Tha
resolutions set forth that the union l\.
vors the State retaining the ownership «£
every utility now employed In the admin
istration of Its government. The union
shows further that the use of llnotypf.i
In the State Printing Office, as recom
mended by the Senate committee. wouM
not prove profitable, inasmuch as th*
greater part of the work done in the om><3
is in the form of tabulated reports which
it is claimed, cannot be readily handled
on linotypes.
PAYS TRIBUTE
TO THE DEAD
Assembly Adjourns Be
11 cause of Collins'
Demise.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— The Assembly ad
journed this morning without the trans
action of any business as a mark of re
spect to the memory of Bernard Collins,
Assemblyman from Butte, who died yes
terday of pneumonia.
A great bouquet of roses tied with crapa
adorned the desk of the deceased mem
ber when the Assembly was called to or
der. Rollcall began and when Cler*
Lloyd called "Collins ot Butte" Johnson
arose and said:
"Our friend and associate has been
called to answer the roll in the house not
made by hands, in that undiscovered
country from whose bourne no traveler
returns, and he Is to-day in the presence
of his Maker to answer to him for his
deeds here on earth.
"For twenty-one years I had known Mr.
Collins and In every relation of life, a3
friend, neighbor, citizen, loving husband
and father, I know that, he bore Jiimself
in an irreproachable manner. Here in the
Assembly we had not had time to come
to a just appreciation of his high charac
ter, his great intellect and indomitable
will. I do not hesitate to say that ha-i
he been spared he would- have made an
honorable record here and would after
ward have been called , to positions of
greater honor and trust by the people
of Butte County.
¦ "It is my painful duty to announce the
death of our friend, >ui associate. Hon,
B. Collins of Butte and to request that
the Assembly now adjourn out of respect
to his memory."
Rutherford offered a resolution calling
for the appointment of five members from
the Assembly to act with five member*
from the Senate as a joint committee on
resolutions in memory of the deceased
member and Schillig offered one for the
appointment of three members to act
with two from the Senate as a joint com
mittee of five on funeral arrangements.
Both were adopted ani on a resolution of
fered by Alelick. the Assembly adjourned.
Speaker Pendleton apoointed for the
committee on resolutions Rutherford,
Dunlap, McNeil, Higby and Cowan, and
for the committee on funeral arrange
ments Schillig, Johnson and Schlesinger.
The committee on arrangements for the
funeral of Assemblyman Collins has an
nounced that the funeral will be held in
the Assembly chamber at 2 o'clock Fri
day afternoon. The Senators will sit with
the Assemblymen as at a joint assembly.
Rev. C. L.Miel, assisted by Rev. C. P.
Wilson, chaplain of the Assembly, and
Rev. C. .W. Evans, chaplain of the Sen
ate, will conduct the services. The Sac
ramento posts of the Grand Army of the
Republic will participate in the funeral
ceremony. The body will be burled in the
State plat in the City Cemetery.
The following will be honorary pall
bearers: Senators— Thomas Flint Jr., W.
F. Maggard and J. C. Sims. Assembly
men—C. W. Pendleton, Grove L. Johnson
and W. S. Mellck.
The active pallbearers will be Attorney
General Tlrey L. Ford, State Printer A.
J. Johnston, Judge E. jC. Hart, Judge W.
A. Anderson, Elwood Bruner, T. II. Bar
nard, W. F. Knox and C. K. McClatchy.
PLAYS HIS PABT WELL
WBTTXE FATHER LIES BEAD
Ulric B. Collins Is Obliged to Appear
as Usual in the Performance of
"Way Down East."
BOSTON. Jan. 16.-Ulric B. Collins, who
is appearing as David Bartlett In "Way
Down East" at the Tremont Theater, to
day received news of -the death of his
father, Barnabas Collins, at Sacramento,
Cal. . Mr. Collins has no understudy in
the company and consequently he was
obliged to play at the afternoon and
evening performances precisely as- though
nothing serious had occurred.
The matinee audience was so delighted
with his work . that it * compelled him to
walk before the curtain and there bow
his acknowledgments. Ulric willvnot re
turn ' to Sacramento." His brother, vtTOkla
Collins, editor, of the Sacramento Bee, is
there, and inasmuch as he could not pos
sibly arrive in season for the funeral, the
younger son will continue with his part
In "Way Down East."
ANTI-POOLROOM
BILL'S CHANCES
Belshaw's Measure Will
: Come Up in Commit
•¦;v ; tee To-Day]'
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, - Jan. " 16.— Belshaw'e pool selling
measure, restricting: the seliing.of. pools
to ; the; places where; the ; contests upon
which they are sold are held, will come up
before the Senate Commlttee7on Corpora
tions and Public Morals to-morrow. There
is,: much talk, of .-amendments which will
be submitted,. but no one seems to know
what the amendments will do to the orig
inal measure. ,: ; °
;,There will be present at the committee
meeting to-morrow <a delegation from the
Municipal Government Club: of Sausali»o
the - organization which Inspired the bill'
to : urge a favorable report upon th*»
measure. '..'.'¦¦'¦',-'.'¦-
Favor Devlin's Bill.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 16.— The Senate
Committee on ¦ Agriculture ideeided ; to-day
to < report -: favorably on : Devlin's bill ap
propriating; $100,000 to purchase ¦¦ the Agri
cultural Park property in this city.
BILLS CARRYING
APPROPRIATIONS
Large Sums Asked For in
Some of the New-
Measures.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— Among the forty-seven
bills introduced in the A'ssembly yesterday
were several which involve appropriations
of considerable size. Some of these bills
have also been introduced in the Senate.
Macbeth introduced the San Francisco
Normal School appropriation bills which
have been introduced in the Senate. They
provide altogether for an appropriation of
$150,000. V
Merritt Introduced a. bill carrying with
. ¦ . - • * . ¦
GRIST OF BILLS
IN THE SENATE
Many New Measures
Presented by the Upper
House Members.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-
MENTO, Jan. 16.— The following bills have •
been introduced in the Senate:
a B. 214, Cutter— Directing the auditing
board to the Commissioner of Public Works
to consider the Bear and Yuba rivers in their
work of drainage.
S. B. 215. Lukens— Amending- section (TO or
the Civil Code.
S. B. 216, Lukens— Amending section 1895 cf
the Political Code, relating to loans.
S. B. 217. Oneal — Appropriating $5000 to study
the life history of various insects.
S. B. 218, Oneal— Amending section ~?49 of, the
Code of Civil Procedure, relating to service of
summons.
S. B. 219. Devlin— Amendlne section 4S7 of
the Penal Code, defining grand larceny.
S. B. 220. Devlin— Amending: section 1021 of
the Civil Code, relating to accession of, prop
erty.
S. B. 221, Tyrrell of Nevada — Amending- tha
county government act, relating to compensa
tion of officials in counties of the thirty
seventh class. • --¦; ¦¦,-"--
S. B. 222, Wolfe- Appropriating $611 30 to pay
the claim of P. Phillips.
S. B. 223. Lardner — Placing the Lake Tahoe
wagon road under the control of the Depart
ment of Highways, and appropriating $20,000
for the same. ¦ . > ¦ . . . >• '(**£
S. B. 224, Lardner— To provide for the' loca
tion, construction and maintenance of a State
highway near Tallac, and appropriating $33,000
for the * purpose.
8. B. 225. Goad— Appropriating $4000 for an
ice machine for the Mendoclno Asylum.
S. B. 226, Goad— Appropriating $7000 for an
electrkal plant at the Mendoclno Asylum.
S. B. 227. Goad — Appropriating $25,000 Cor a
new ward building at the Mendoclno Asylum.
S. B. 228, Goad-Appropriating $.21,000 for
sewer pip« at Mendoclno Asylum.
S. B. 229, Shortridtte — Amending sections S
and 10 of the act of 1S93. ' regulating the im
provement of navigable streams.
S. B. "CO, Xutt— Amending section 3442 of the
(3vll Code, relating to fraud.
S. B. 232. Nutt — Amending section 850 of the
Code of Civil Procedure, relating to actions in
justice courts. •
g. B. 231, Nutt— Amending section 412 of the
Code of Civil Procedure, relating to publica
tion of summons.
S. B. 233, Nutt — Amending section 14 of the
Civil Code, defining code terms.
8. B. 234, Nutt— Amending section 871 of the
Code of Civil Procedure, relating to Judgment
by default.
P. B. 235. Nutt — Amending section 883 of the
munlcalpal corporation act of 1S83.
S. B. 226, Nutt— Amending section 880 of the
municipal corporation act of 1883.
S. B. 237. Nutt— Amending section 2003 of the
Political Code, relating to the National Guard.
8. B. 238, Wolfe — Appropriating -$25 20 to pay'
th<» claim of Thomas J» Walsh. Registrar of
San . Franrleco. for bringing electoral returns
to Sacramento.
B. B. 239. Currier— Supplemental to the irri
gation district act of 1SS7.
S. B. 240. Davis — Amending section 3704 of the
Political Code, relating to the duties of the
State Board of Equalization. ¦ ¦• -
8. B. 241, Sims— Making the altering of brands
on livestock a misdemeanor.
8. B. 212. Sims — Amending section 837' of the
Penal Code, making the altering of brands on
livestock with intent to steal, a felony.
8. B. ¦ 243, Belshaw— Amending sections 62S,
632 and C33 of the Penal Code and adding a
new section relating to the preservation of fish.
S. B. 244, Simpson— Amending the State law
relative to taking Inventories of State 'property.
S. B. 245. Byrnes— Appropriating $10,000 to as-
Blst the Attorney General in the defense of the
suit of the Southern Pacific Company against
the Board of Railroad Commlssionere . in the
Circuit Court of the United States for the
! Northern District of California.
3 B. 246, Devlin — Amending section 638 of the 1 *
Civil Code, relating to corporations.
S. B. 247. Welch— Adding new sections to the
Polltleal Code concerning elections, and repeal
ing sections 1118. 1119 and 1357 to 1S80, both in
clusive.-
S. B. 24S. Sims— Amending section 791 of the
Political Code, relating to notaries.
Devlin introduced . a constitutional
amendment to section 8, article- II. "of the
State constitution, relating to the fram
ing of a charter for cities of more than
3500 inhabitants. <:
INQUIRY INTO
NOME SCANDAL
Congress-May Be Asked
to Question Judge
Noyes.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 16.— Senator Flint will to
morrow introduce in the* Senate and Aa-
semblyman Schlesinger will introduce in
the Assembly a joint resolution, asking
Congress to appoint a committee to | In
vestigate the conduct of Judge. Noyes of
Alaska and his relations to ; the miners
and those the miners were opposing.
The excitement and scandal brought
about by the contempt proceedings
against Alexander McKenzle and Dudley
Dubose and the sensational evidence given
in connection with them, and the undue
and unenviable ; notoriety which they
brought to Judge Noyes, will be assigned
as the reasons for- the resolution and the
Justification for the Congressional inves
tigation.
The resolution has behind it; the law
yers who have the Alaska miners for their
clients and who have experienced the
kind of justice dealt out by Judge Noyes'
court. '¦'•-¦
William H. Metson of Reddy. Campbell
& Metson; who took a prominent part In
the Cape Nome litigation, was in Sacra
mento on Monday. - He : said he > came 'to
witness the electoral ceremonies. He did
not mention the resolution.-
. PORTLAND,- Jan. 16.— At a joint meeting of
the Portland - Board of Trade . and ¦. the - Manu
facturers' Association this afternoon it was de
cided to hold a fair in Portland .in .,1905 to
celebrate the first centennial .of : the -'arrival, of
the Lewis 1 and- Clark expedition in'the'Terri
tory of Oregon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Assembly Corporations Committee Reconsiders
Its Action in Reporting Measure Favorably,,
The fight against hhe bill will be en
gineered by the Traction Company of Los
Angeles and the Salt Lake Company. Be
hind the Salt Lake Company is Senator
Clark of Montana, who has had experi
ence in close legislation, and with those
powers arrayed against the Southern Pa
cific the fight promises to be an interest
ing one.
The franchise fight in Los Angeles is an
old one. For several years the Traction
Company has been trying to obtain vari
ous franchises in several parts of Los
Angeles, but each attempt has been
blocked. The matter was. finally made an
issue in the last campaign, with the re
sult that a council uninfluenced by the
Southern Pacific was put in and the Trac
tion Company made another application
for several franchises it wanted. The
franchises asked. for provide for the car
rying of all passengers over the Traction
lines, which means that if any but the
Traction Company obtains the privilege
it will force a transfer system. The rea
son for this, it is alleged, is that the local
railway system is such that to grant
franchises to any company that would
refuse to do business with the Traction
Company would not serve the people of
the localities sought to be benefited. Such
a provision is not included in the bills
Introduced, and the Los Angeles people
desire to have it added.
It is urged, too, that under the pro
visions relating to gross receipts it would
be possible for a road to bid a higher per
centage of the gross receipts, build but
a portion of the road and surrender the
remainder of the franchise by a consent
which is not always hard to obtain.
There is another bill, drawn by those
opposing the present measures, which will
be introduced within a few days and there
ere a number of amendments which the
opponents of the present bills will bring
with them from the south in the hope of
having them grafted upon the subject of
the whole controversy.
GALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 16.— The fight is on
over the franchise bill introduced
in the Senate by Senator Simpson
and in the Assembly by Mr
Broughton of Los Angeles. The Assem
bly bill was referred to the Committee on
Municipal Corporations and yesterday it
was reported upon favorably by that com
mittee. There has been a hitch, however,
and now the matter has been reopened
by the committee, the favorable report
has been set aside for a time and the
bill will be considered in committee again.
The delay has come from the opponents
of the bill in. the south, who have" kept
the wires hot with messages and the
mails full of letters asking, ordering and
demanding delay until they can reach
here and be heard. The -consideration of
the' bill has been &et for Monday next
and at that time an "open fight "will begin.
.The bill is a measure to regulate- the
sale of franchises and their, advertise
ment, to define the term "gross receipts,"
and to provide for a system by • which
seekers after franchises may bid against
the highest bidder after the sealed bids
shall have been opened, it places the ad
vertisement of franchises at the option
of the City Council. The opponents of
the bill declare it should be left as now—
to the people. It dennes the gross receipts
of a branch system as that proportion of
the receipts which bears the same rela
tion to the whole as does the size of the
branch to the size of the system. The
opponents declare that a ten-mile branch
In a 1000-mile system may earn three
fourths of the receipts, and yet under
the bill be credited with but one-tenth of
them. And as for allowing bids against
the highest sealed bid. they claim it will
simply allow the company with most
money to carry away the prize.
FIGHT OVER BROUGHTON'S
FRANCHISE BILL BEGINS
Schillig's County Division Bill
Pleases Santa Clara'Ring.
Special Dispatch to Ths CalL ?•
— — • /
The SJanta Clara dlvlsidists maintain
silence, but their approval of the bill is
an open secret. The measure is the one
scheme which will rlace « the disposal
of cunning manipulators easy and inex
pensive means of acconplishlng their
purposes. If the bill shall become a law
there remains for them oaly the necessity
of convincing a few scattered ranchers
that a new county of tholr own will po9
*es8 advantages— then officers, franchises
and county control come within the grasp
of the schemers. .
As yet there Is no money In the right,
but all interested are .ilwaltin* with In
terest the action of Hilary Miller. It is
asserted that he stands' ready to supply
money to any amount necessary to se
cure the division of Santa Clara County-
The Inference arrived at here Is that the
Schillig bill *uit 3 the purposes of Miller
and Rea so well that they are content" to
wait until its fate be decided.
Assemblyman Sehllllg; asserted to-day
that he Introduced the measure because
he believed It to be a desirable one.
"The constitution." he said. "Rives th»
Legislature the power to enact such a
general law and I believe that power
should be exercised. Any one who re
members the scandals attendant upon th<»
division of San Bernardino, Kings and
Glenn counties will agree that the present
method i3 most objectionable. It is true
Broughton asked ma to Introduce the bill,
but I consented solely because I have Ionic
considered a general law providing a.
method of county division desirable."
Broughton denies that the bill was
passed up to him before he turned It over
to Schillig. He says: "Ten years ago I
was up here as a member of the 'third
house* and we succeeded in getting such
a bill through tho Assembly, but they
killed It In the Senate. I have believed
since then that an act of this kind shouid
become a law.
"Why did I turn it over to Mr. Schillig?
Well, the eastern end of my district, with
Pomona as a center, wants division. . The
western end. near Los Angeles, opposes it.
I don't know wheie I stand and didn't
care to father this bill. I figured that
Schlllig came from two such small coun
ties—Tuba and Sutler— that no one couKl
accuse him of having a county division
scheme up his sleeve, so I gave him the
bill and he thought It a good one and
readily consented to introduce It."
Broughton admitted that he had talker]
to other Assemblymen about the bill, but
refused to give their names, claiming it
would be a breach of confidence. Ho
denied that any one Interested In Santa
Clara division had talked with him or
that any One had suggested that he get
Schillig to Introduce the bill.
NEW APPORTIONMENT
SCHEME FINDS FAVOR
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 16.— Tha county
division act. Assembly bill No.
242, introduced by Schillig: yes
terday, and Its bearing: on the
Santa Clara county division scheme and
the plans of "promoters" In other sec
tions of the State, -were subjects of much
discussion among Assemblymen and Sen
ators to-day. Aa a result of the disclos
ure made in The Call this morning of th«
approval given, the measure by the Santa
Clara speculators and politicians, Assem
blymen Schillig and Broughton have de
voted much of their time to-day to the
attempt to demonstrate their good faith
in advocating- 'the bill.
SUITS THE NEEDS
OF HENRY MILLER
2how much had been taken to produce
them there."
The case for tha defense waa then
closed. . • .
Mrs. Klrschner was burned about the
arms and face and her injuries were
treated by a neighboring physician.
John Finnegan," a member of Truck
Company No. 4, made a brave attempt to
enter the burning building and save Mrs.
Nickel. He was driven back by tha
flames and falling woodwork and sus
tained a lacerated wound of the scalp.
Finnegan was taken to the Receiving
Hospital for treatment. The injured flre
man resides at 1616 Pacific street, and was
formerly in the First California Volunteer
Regiment.
of the women attracted two men who
were passing the building and they mshed
in and pulled Mrs. Klrschner out of tho
store, but - they were unable to rescue
Mrs. Nickel on account of the Intense
heat. An alarm of fire was turned in and
the Fire Department responded quickly.
The flames were soon subdued, and a
search of the ruins by Chiefs of Battalion
Conlon and Dolan revealed the body of
Mrs. Nickel in a terribly burned condi
tion. The body was conveyed -to the
Morgue.
Continued From First Page.
MRS. EMIL NICKEL, 40 years of
age, the wife of a carpenter re-
Eidingr at 118 Austin avenue, was
burned to death yesterday after
noon by tho explosion of gaso
line used in the laundry and cleaning es
tablishment kept by Mr. and Mrs. J.
Klrschner at the corner of Bush street
and Van Ness avenue.
Mrs. Nickel was in the habit of assist
ing: the Klrschners in their work, and yes
terday she went to the laundry for that
purpose. ' About 3:30 p. m. Mrs. Nickel
boiled some coffee on a gas stove which
was used In the store for heatlns pur
poses. Mrs. Klrschner claims that Mrs.
Nickel did not turn out the flame of the
gas stove after she prepared the coffee.
Tho -women were engaged in pouring
gasoline over gloves and other articles
which were to be cleaned, when the vapor
of the : gasoline communicated with the
flame of the gas stove and instantly a
sheet of fire filled the store. The screams
BOSSCHIETER MURDER TRIAL
CARELESSNESS IN USE OF GASOLINE RESULTS IN AN EXPLOSION •
BY "WHICH MRS. EMIL NICKEL, "WORKING IN A LAUNDRY,
MEETS WITH TERRIBLE DEATH. (
Andrew J. Campbell, the third defen
dant, was then ' placed on the stand. His
account of the occurrences in "the saloon
and {during the" remainder of the night
was '- practically the ; same as that given
by McAlister. and .Death. ,
Dr. • Charles " Lauffer ; of , New. York : City
testified ' that he had :; seen persons s
"knocked out". by absinthe. ; Much; would
depend upon whether.a person was accus
tomed ; to ; take ," it, > and : upon - an / almost
empty^ stomach the drink would cause-ex
citation,»and this : would be followed by
total-collapse^..-;::?: '-'.-; ... .„,, "
Prosecutor Emleythen asked. .. ira
person l had - died after > having taken; ab
sinthe and chloral was found in the stom
ach "what would you say; she died of?"
:?¦ "Frnmchlorarpotson.V' replied the wit
neSS ' V Effects - of Mixed ? Drinks/
Professor R. C. Vanderberg. a' chemist.
told how, by mixing whisky cocktails, ab
sinthe and champagne obtained, at Saal s
saloon with embalming, fluid, he had pro- ;
cured a crystalline reaction. _ ; _ - - ,
In reply to a question he said: : "It can
not be Ttofd ; ,wlth » accuracy by the finding
of ten - grains \ off chloraljjn ' the stomach
To Abolish the Whipping Post.
The' law-makers' are over the abo :
lltton *. of the ".whipping port.': . The man who
succeeds In ; passing such ; a : bill.', will ; prove ; as
great > at benefactor > to " the f breaker ." of i man's
laws as Hostetter's Stomach Bitters has to tl><!
breaker, of - nature's * laws.' ; If you've ; neglected
your : stomach . until indigestion."* constipation,
biliousness,-- liver and kldneyUroubles are upon
your there's but one cure.: 1 Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters. V Don't fail ;to try it for la grippe. ¦
Campbell Also Heard.
Death said he met Jennie on the street
and took her to Saal's saloon. There she
drank a cocktail, an absinthe frappe and
several glasses . of wine. McAlister
poured out the wine. Jennie. acted in a
drunken way when McAlister came into
the room and put her .. arms around . Mc-
Alister's neck. The champagne made her
worse. In, the hack Jennie became sleepy.
"You heard Detective ¦ Titus' testimony,
and -you heard him say that you spoke
of Jennie, and dope. You said that by
dope you meant knockout drops." .
. "I. said she got; dopy after she had
drunk absinthe." itsaSSBflBSli
Witness said in - answer to a question
that he did not assault Jennie on tho
night of her death, nor did" McAlIster nor
Campbell. t ¦ . '.'~ -V . -j ' '
"Did you put anything in her. drink or
did you know of any one else doing so?"
"No, sir."
Death, another of the accused, followed
McAlIster. ;
Death Tells His Story.
although she had not objected to his com
pany. He saw her on the night of Octo
ber 16 going up the street, but he did not
speak to her then, as he had an engage
ment with Kerr to mee-t some girls on the
Yard-street bridge. The girls are re
spectable and the witness declined to give
their names. They expected to have a
carriage ride. The girls and Kerr did not
meet him and he went to Saal's saloon
to get a drink. Campbell came from a side
room and ordered some drinks. Campbell
asked him what he was doing tnere and
he told him that, he had a littl*
matter on hand.' Campbell told him that
Jennie Bosschieter was'lnslde.
"Campbell ordered a cocktail, cider and
a beer and the drinks were taken inside.
Campbeir came out a little later and in
vited^me in.' I went in and 1 in about twen
ty minutes told Kerr-to go and get a rig.
Death and Campbell were then having a
second round of drinks with the girl and
I ordered a auart bottle of champagne.
When I • first entered , the room Jennie
staggered over to me and threw her arms
around me and continued to hug me for
several minutes.- She finally became
paralyzed drunk and we proposed a car
riage'ride. It, was thought the fresh air
would do her good. Jennie was'abla to
walk out to the hack, but we had to sup
port her. She said as she got in. 'We are
going out for a drive.' Death and 1 as
sisted her in and she sat between the two
of us in the back seat." ~«^BS§S
The witness denied that he or any, one
else had put anything in the girl's drink.
He also denied that, he or any of the
others had taken liberties with the girl.
, NEW YORK, Jan., 16.-C6rT.elius UVAI
vord Jr.," the defaulting; note teller, of , the
First National Bank, was t to-day sen
tenced -to thirteen - years' Imprisonment.
The amount of his defalcation was $690,000.
ALVORD SENTENCED TO .:
TJONO TERM TN PRISON
/ CINCINNATI, Jan. 16.^-Ther» were ru
mors. here \ to-night '¦ that ; the ; contest : be
tween" Jeffries ' and i Ruhlln "at Saehgerf est
Hall February,- 15 'would : be • called ; oft ; by,
the Saengerfestjboard.withln A twenty-f6ur.
hours. This* however,' has been" denied by
Herman Wittee," attorney ¦ for i the .• board ;
and Manager A. G. -, Cook; the representa
tive'* of <- William ir A»v Brady ;> r and ; others.'
The"; flght ' promoters » to-night 5 state t : that
the .work of i remodeling the ! building .will
begin on » Friday ;' next < and;": accordlng.uo
Manager Cook/tickets for the contest will
be on sale next Wednesday,'January23. -¦
Says' Fight Will Bs Held.
LONDON, Jan. 16.— An article written
by Henry Watterson of the Louisville
Courier-Journal on "The Relations of the
United States and England" is attracting
much attention here. « It ; is considered an
adroit and friendly; summary of American
opinion respecting the Nicaraguan ; canal
and a' strong appeal ; to the' Foreign 1 Office
for the acceptance of the Senate amend
ments to the new ¦ treaty. Copies i of the
article have , been ' : sent - to Lord Lans
downe, Arthur Balfour. Joseph Chamber
lain and other members of the' Cabinet,
and it Is hoped that it will exert a marked
tinfluence in * promoting, the "settlement of
"•the canal ' QUestion.x<*wHKBBOT*BPBBBpraf
The points on which special stress Is
laid in this ;, article ¦ are ,-. the ¦; statements
that the, Senate has not added anything
Lord Salisbury, would not have sanctioned
If he had been consulted- in' advance by
Secretary Hay; ; that ¦¦ no English '. Interests
are touched by the amendments; ;- that
Lord Sallsbury,>by accepting; the -revised
text,' can lay the foundation of a* friend
ship between the two nations more endur-
Ing -than : any ; alliance, and that • there are
strong reasons for, a' better . understanding
and ; a working 'agreement /between • the
United States and'England. Colonel Wat
terson's;- representative •* character - as a
Southerner :¦ and ?a i Democrat ¦. lends great
authority to ' this expression of American
opinion. ..•...- ••"'.. _¦ ..:.-¦ ;
HENRY WATTEBSON PLEADS
FOR ACCEPTANCE OF TREATY
Perkins explained fully to the commit
tee what he partly explained last week,
that Just as this treaty was being nego
tiated Jamaican tariffs were Increased so
that when reductions were figured under
the treaty it was found there had been
no actual reduction. Perkins also referred
to another Important point In connection
with these reciprocity treaties. They were
negcfclated supposedly under section 4 of
the Dlngley bill, which made provision
for them and which stipulated that they
be negotiated within two years from the
passage of that bill.
Senator Perkins claimed that as these
two years have long since expired there
is no authority for negotiating such
treaties. Inasmuch as they affect the
country's revenues, and If the system
were carried out far enough the entire
customs tariffs might be determined by
the treaty-making power, irrespective of
the House representatives. In replying to
Senator Perkins Mr. Kasson attempted to
read the Californians out of the Republi
can party by contending- that the Repub-'
llcan party ¦was entirely committed: by
the plank in the last national 'platform
and by the last message ¦ from President
McKinley to the policy of reciprocity.
Senator Perkins said- In substance: »*
"In considering the proposed treaty my
first objections- to it , were based on the
fact that the tariff which it was proposed
to establish would work great injury to
American producers of sugar and citrus
fruits, pineapples and vegetables .with
which products importations from Jamai
ca would come into immediate and direct
competition. It is unquestionable that the
negro labor of Jamaica could and would.
If opportunity were furnished by remov-
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— The Cali
fornia Congressional delegation had an
other hearing to-day before the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee on the
Jamaican reciprocity treaty. Special
Commissioner Kasson, of the State De
partment, was present In support of the
treaty. Senator Perkins acted as spokes
man for California and got into a tilt
with Mr. Kasson over some of the pecu
liarities of this treaty, asking' Mr. Kas
son if he had given England a tip so that
she increased her tariffs just at the right
moment. Kasson indignantly denied this.
"Two millions of dollars Invested in
orange orchards, beet sugar mills, pineries
and truck gardens in California and the
South would have their profits practically
extinguished. California would . be the
greatest sufferer, as the present tariff on
citrus fruits Is fixed at a figure which
simply offsets the excess In the cost of
rail carriage across the continent wher
compared with tho importations from tlrV
tropics. "The effect of the reduction pro
posed by the treaty would be to shut the
Eastern market ¦ against -: the , California
raisers of citrus fruits. That interest
alone is too great for Congress to permit
it -to be Injured, certainly unless some
very great and general benefit can be se
cured in return,: ln_ which benefit the-in
jured interest can share, v In studying the
proposed treaty in ; connection with the
former , Jamaican ; tariffs, . I have been
forced to the conclusion that, the treaty
should be rejected » on ". the general ¦ ground
that it confers practically no benefits to
this country in return for , very great re
ductions in tariff "on the most Important
exports of Jamaica.'' x The .-first- point
which appears in the study, of tho ques
tion is that, since the passage ', of the
tariff act providing < for- reciprocity,, two
new ;". tariffs have been promulgated : in
Jamaica,- each successively . increasing- th»
duty on American goods Into thats island"
"While three very important' Industries
of the United States' are thrown open -to
the disastrous competition.: our own * pro
ducers are not able to export their goods
to Jamaica on as favorable . terms as two
years ago. I assert that .the ratification
of the proposed treaty would be contrary
to the . general business interests of the
United States."
ing the existing protection, undersell the
free white labor of California, Florida
and other Southern States in the products
referred to. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Would Work Great Hardship to Producers
of Sugar and Citrus Fruits.
PHYSICAL ailments attendant on
ege and financial difficulties re
sultant upon the panic of 1S93
have finally led to the unbalanc
ing of the mind of Mrs. Henrietta
R. Howell of Chicago, whose mania for
parading the corridors of the Palace Hotel
nightly en dishabille forced the manage
ment of that hostelry to request her to
leave Tuesday afternoon, and she was
yesterday incarcerated in the detention
ward of the Receiving Hospital at the
City Hall. Mrs. Howell, who had been a
guest of the Palace since October, had
been acting queerly for some time. Her
vagaries took a religious form recently
and she imagined that she was "pursuing
the light"
After having been notified by the man
agement to leave she went to the Golden
West Hotel, remained there, over night
and early yesterday morning took up a
position between the car tracks at Powell
and O'Farrell streets. She was in very
scanty attire and braved the chilly morn-
Ing air until Patrolmen Kissane and
North removed her to the City Hall. She
was very violent when arrested, and Ma
tron Swett had considerable difficulty In
controlling her. After remaining in the
hospital until about 8 o'clock friends took
her to a private sanitarium, where she
will be kept until her mind is restored to
its normal condition.
Mrs. Howell is the possessor of a .for
tune. Her husband, S. R. Howell, was
at one time one of the lumber kings of
SENATOR PERKINS OBJECTIONS
TO THE JAMAICA TREATY
i the Northwest, having. yards all through
the States bordering on Illinois. Some
forty or fifty lumber yards were under his
control. Then came the slump and How
ell's fortune went by the board. His wife
came to the rescue and saved what she
could from the wreck,' and then turned to
California to recoup their fortunes.
Becoming interested in a mining . com
pany in Angels Camp, known as the
Bolither Mining Company, all available
money was placed in the venture. Legal
complications followed, delays were nu
merous and Mrs. Howell finally came to
the coast to personally direct affairs. Uporr
her the relatives and friends had settled
an Independent fortune. This she threw
into the breach and sought by every
means in her power to open up a new
Utlca. In Chicago she was noted for her
charities; she pursued the same plan here,
and then came the physical ailments that
dethroned her reason. She resided for a
time at 301 Polk street, and from thero
went to the Palace Hotel. When arrested
Mrs. Howell had nearly $2000 in- diamonds
and Jewelry and some $80 in coin on her
person.
As a result of the woman's pitiful con
dition Assistant United States District
Attorney Edward J. Banning, who is in
terested in the same mining company, ap
plied to the Superior Court for letters of
guardianship and will take charge of her
affairs and person until her mother ar
rives. The mother was advised by : the
management of the Palace Hotel of her
daughter's illness and left Chicago yes
terday to attend to her interests, and I*
expected to arrive before the end of the
week.
MRS. HENRIETTA R. HOWELL, WIFE OP A FORMER CHICAGO
LTJMBER KING, WHO HAS BEEN LODGED IN A PRIVATE ASYLUM
FOR THE INSANE.
The " general questioned them . in his
quiet,; suave manner, and led them on by
easy, stages. to the point he desired. Then,
like a bolt from a clear sky, he let looso
his torrents of scathing sarcasm, each of
which cut deeply and made each of the
witnesses wince. - Three of them left the
stand In a breathless condition, arid in'a
worse state of mind and body than if
they had Just been compelled to * : go
through the entire curriculum of hazing,
which, according. to the evidence adduced
at 1 this Investigation, consists of. a half
hundred different forms. .
Three witnesses, Cadets Maheffy, Dock
ery and Pegram..'Were questioned during
the ¦ day. All , three were thoroughly ex
a mined by Congressmen Wanger, Drlggs,
Smith and Clayton. Not- a point was
missed by these gentlemen, but what the
witnesses received at tho hands of these
investigators was as nothing to their ex
perience in the hands of the chairman.
General Dick of rililo i^ l >fi l » 1 il>IWWi|MliW
Cadet Witnesses Have on Unpleasant
' - Tim© on the Stand.
WEST POINT. N. Y. , Jan. 16.— The Con
gressional Committee put in a good day's
work at the West Point Academy to-day.
While they relaxed for a few hours in
the afternoon to witness a drill of the
first class cadets in the riding school, they
got down to the bottom of the hazing
practiced at the academy during the last
four years, and while at' least a dozen
other witnesses have yet to be examined
In this connection, the committee has laid
out the work for finishing the inquiry be
fore the end of the week. *
McCumber of ; North Dakota anrued in,
support of the pending bill. Incidentally,
he vigorously handled the practice of haz
ing at West Point
"That practice." said he. "creates the
worst character of brutality and the worst
character of cowardice." ' ; :
INVESTIGATION OF HAZING.
Money of Mississippi declared that the
hazing never was warranted, and he knew
of some cadets who had been hazed to the
point of danger.
"They -were hazed to a degree," said
Money, with deep feeling, "that would
have warranted the hazee in killing the
hazers." :
"They ought to have been killed," inter
jected Allen. ¦ - ,¦
"And I want to say," continued Money,
"that if I were a cadet at West Point and
was hazed in so cowardly . and brutal a
manner' I- would kill 1 he hazers; if the op
portunity did noy come for a hundred
years afterward."'* . - :
Continuing his discussion of the action
of the cadets at West Point. Allen said: •
"These cadets carr^ hazing to the extent
of taking life, and in one Instance recently
they have taken life, and the Senator from
Mississippi (Money) says they have taken
life in several instances."
"This brutal outrage ought to be sup
pressed and it can be suppressed. Boy or
man, he who will use his superior strength
in humiliating or brutally/ treating a
weaker person is a coward. And yet this
bill encourages and supports West Point
as at present conducted. --^-v
"With authority I would stop that bru
tality at West Point," declared Allen, "or
I would dismantle the school and turn
over to the various States the education
of the youth of the country for military
purposes. I have Information which leads
me to believe that hazing at West Point
is resorted to for the purpose of forcing
out of the institution cadets appointed
from civil life In order to make room for
the sons of army officers. And if they
cannot force out the cadet by humiliation
and intimidation they ' prescribe a course
of examination which is in their own
hands and which they could not pass
themselves, and thus force the proscribed
cadet from the school." , •
"And these things,"" shouted Allen,
"take place with the knowledge of the
officers of the Institution. These new
cadets are compelled to eat soap, they are
compelled to get down on their knees and
Jump like a trog and they are compelled
to endure other indignities. which 1 would
not dare In this presence to mention. Some
of the regular army officers say hazing
cannot be ¦ helped — that It capnot be pre
vented. You place one of the old volun
teer officers at the head of that Institu
tion and in six weeks he will put a stop
to it or there will be some dead cadets
there. •
i After a . brief review of the Booz case
Allen declared that the first thing a fourth
class man meets at West Point Is. brutal
assault and humiliating indignity.
"This thing -called hazing—prize-fight
ing," exclaimed Allen, • "why, .the prize
fighter Is a gentleman compared with
some of those young ruffians at West
Point. Indeed, life has 'been lost re
cently."
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— Congress Is
beginning to take ; an active Interest In
hazing at West Point. In tho Senate,
while the army reorganization bill was
under, consideration^, to-day, Allen of Ne
braska discussed vigorously the situation
at West Point as brought out by, the pend
ing Investigation. Hedeclared that bru
tality had been developed at West Point
which ought not to be expected to exist
among barbarians:
Alleged Plot ol Army Offi
cers to Bar Ouf
Civilians."
Allen Classes Brutal
Cadets as Young
Ruffians.
HAZERS' ACTS
ARE DENOUNCED
BY SENATORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 17, 1901;
Mrs. Howell Is Found Wandering in Streets
and Taken to Detention Hospital.
SICKNESS AND ADVERSITY
UNBALANCE HER MIND
FLAMES CAUSE DEATH
OF MRS. EMIL NICKEL
Gasoline Vapar Communicates 'With a Gas
Stove and Explosion Follows.
3
The offices of the company, room 7.
ground floor, Mills building, San Francis-
co, Cal., present a busy scene, giving In-
form allon and prospectus to Intending
purchasers.
Tne necessary xnachlnery, derrick, tim-
bers ar.d drilling- tools of the Bella Vista
Oil Syndicate are beinsr placed In position.
ar.d actual operations In San Ma-
tee County nave commenced. The non-
assessable stock of this corcpany will
be advanced to 23 cents a share not later
than February 1, and In all probability
much sooner, aa eeveral large blocks have
been subscribed which will exhaust the 10-
cent Issue, and notice of th!s fact has
been sent to the stockholders, many of
whom are doubling their holdings by the
purchase of stock now at 10 cents per
share. Now Is your.last chance.
Advance in
Oil Stocks
TELEPHONE GRANT 38.
LlEBENBADH
222-22-i SUTTER ST.
special¥ductions
rtfURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY;
Eggs 30c doz
"Very Be«t Table." rer- »o.
Every one selected with care.
Tea 40c Ib
ltf ClStrmat kinds. AH our taleh grade
too teas.
Flam Pudding 25c tin
Homemade.
J£rr. Jackson's. Rer. 40c
Eastern Buckwheat Flour,
iw. 75c. 10-lb sack 60c
Maple Syrup 65c
•*Pur« Vermont,** r«r. tLCC.
"New Era"— % raL Una.
Goosebreast 70c lb
R*t:. CSe Ib.
POiOIEKilXUK. tmportad.
Olive Oil . 75c bot
"Ol. Santa Ana," rur. Sac,
For purity cad sweetness unexcelled.
Madeira $4.50 gal
"Iniportefi,** re*. 58.00.
Bottle, rer. H.E0, 91.15
**O14 PrlTa,t« Victoria"— aa excellent
old win* of the blrhest character.
Port $4.50 gal
V. O. P. Leafion Dock. ret. $6.00.
Bottle, rer. Sl.W. $1.16
Connoisseurs will recognize- tbe rreat
vcJu« of such old pure wine.
ViGhi CelBSiine $2,65 doz
Res. J2.W
FYesn ahlsnnent. Just In from Franc*.
Pirsro K1A* BOLD AT A GRO-
UlgalS CER'S PROFIT.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLJCTTED.
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
Women as Well as Men
Are Made Miserable by
Kidney Trouble.
Kidney trouble preys upon the mind, dls-
courages and lessens ambition; beauty, vigor
«-^\n=:^ jk. an( * cheerfulness soon
i* '(^\— -Ljr3 disappear when the kld-
J trr&*J r *tf& ¦ neys are out of order
-WrlfyA- ait* or di3ca::cd -
"yTPffySfiS'' Kidney trouble ha3
-' I cmlJ^HW^f; - become so prevalent
" JmWrsn/^'m ' 1 at lt ls no * uncommon
N a^Jcted with weak kld-
Lf (? ¥k>|frs\lF- neys- If the child urln-
I2ssr-*~'**'T* ates too often. If ths
urine scalds the flesh or If, when the child
reaches an age when It should be able to
control the passage, it Is yet afflicted with
bed-wetting, depend upon it. the cause of
the difficulty Is kidney trouble, and the first
step should bo towards the treatment of
these important organs. This unpleasant
trouble is due to a diseased condition of tha
kidneys and bladder and not to a habit as
most people suppose.
Women as well as men are made mis-
erable with kidney and bladder troubles
and both need the same great remedy.
! The mild and the immediate effect of
\ Swamp-Root is soon realized. It is sold
! by druggists, in fifty- _ fTffi**
cent and one dollar (rt^^TS^^J^i^ 1 !
sizes. You may have agl^^r-jraH^flrr^^J
sample bottle by mail "^^sSBgi&ggMg
free, also pamphlet tell- nom» of swamp-Root,
ing all about it, including many of tha
thousands of testimonial letters received
from sufferers cured. In writing Dr. Kilmer
& Co.. Binghamton, N. Y., be sure and
mention this paoer.
tFJ||I Gured White
QJr^L You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
~Gran-SolTent"<l*8»olTes Stricture HXe »»<"* "••
B«ath the aun, reduces enlarged Prostate an*)
itrenjtheni tbe Seminal Duets, siopptaz Drains aoi
Kmtulons In Fifteen Days.
No drugs to rutn th« stomach, but • direct local
and potltWe application to tbe entl re ordinal tracv
Qran-Solrem Is not a liquid. It is prepared IS
tbe form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and neiib'.a
tad so narrow aa to pasa the closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
TT* 81 James Asm.. Box KM. Cincinnati. O.. ha*
awpartd a» treat Mpehsa an exhaosw m m s> m f
fre illustrated TreaUM upon tbe male L U L fL I
¦yatem. which tt*» wUl scad to any T firr m
BaJ* ap»aoaa(. •••*•»•¦
Si JArtFS ASSN 250 elm st.,
Jl» JAJiCJ A3Jn., Cincinnati, Ohio.
OCEAU" TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
» Steamers leaT* Broadway
h^ wharf, San Francisco:
rHh__. For Alaskan Port?— 11 a. in..
EBcSfrtv Jan. 11. 16, 21. 2S. Jl. Feb. 5.
JH$'tg!333*»V Change to company's iteinpri
f'Sk%%a V&« For Victoria. Vancouver (R.
BiSrCiksSi C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
•r^'^S^tSs Tacoma. Everett. Ar.acorte-*.
and New Whatcom <Wash.»—
- ¦* 11 a. m.. Jan. 11. l«. a, t«. »U
Feb. 5 and erery fifth day thereafter. Chan**
at Seattle for this company's steamers tor
Alaska and'O. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacom*
to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay—* P. m.. J«n 8.
IS. ]S. 13, 2». Feb. 2. and every tilth, day there-
For 6an Diero. stoppln* only at Bant* Bar-
bara. Port l«o« An«elea and Redondo^Los An-
K rl»s)— Ptramer Qneen. ¦Wednesday*. » a. m.:
«t»amer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Banta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos Port Harford <San Lnis Obispo). Gar Iota.
Banta Barbara, Ventura. Hneneme, San Pedro.
Ea«t San Pedro CLo» Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. » a. m. : steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays, 9 a. m. -
For Enoecada. Mapdalona Bay, San Josa del
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosalia
and Ouavroas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
The company reserve* the right to chanpa
steamers, salllns dates and hours of sal!!njr.
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— i New Montgomery
¦treet <Palace Hotel).
GOODALL PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Airts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FABT STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street "Wharf at It a. m.
CADC SI2 F'rst Class Inckidlng Berth
innL $8 Second Class atjd Meala.
COLUMBIA Sails Jan. IS. 23. Feb. 2
GEO. "W. ELDER Sails Jan. 8. IS. IS
Short Line to "Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt-.
Helena and all points In j the Northwest.
Thioush tickets to all points East.
1 K. C. WARD. General Agent.
. 00 Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISfiA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Krannan streets, at I p. cv.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (IIIoko). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
cocnectlnr at nongkonir with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day o£
sSw :! °i6ngkono maru
Thursday. January 14. 1901
ss. •nippon;
: i3;i*i
Round-trtp tickets at reduced rat««. J'cr
fr»teht and rassase apply at company's of*lc«.
m Market <*$%£*£„„« Ag>nt .
• AMERICAN LINE.
HSW TORK. S0TJTHAMPT05. L0TO05. PABIS.
Stopplntr at>.Cherbours;. wentbonnd.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Fouthwartc Jan. 23) Kensington Feb. n
Vaderlan.1 Jan. JO St. Louis Feb. V*
New York ..Feb. «1n«w Tork Feb. 27
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From N«w Tork Every Wednesday. ,13 Noon.
Southwartc Jan. 3 Noordland Feb. j»
Westernland ...Feb. « Frlesland Feb. 27
; Kensington Feb. 13 Southwark ....March €
iNTERNATIONAL-NAVIGATIO^COMPANT.
General Agent Pacific Coast.
SO Montgomery street.
oceasiics.s.co. x&^k
VVVU1IIVV»V«WV» DI8ECTLIJIET0IAHIU
' SS ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
......Friday. January IS. 2 p. m...
SS "SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
'Zealand and Australia ......
Wednesday. January 23. at » p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA.^for Tahiti.
Friday, February 3. 4 p. m.
J. D.SPilECKELS & BROS. CO., Ssnara! Agents. 327 Harhi St
lui Paaecyf Gffia, 643 lartrt St, Pisr 80. 7. Pseifc it
PANAMA R. R, S S-
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Special Reduced Cabtn Fare* $75.
S.S. ST. PAUL sails January 29.
S. S. ROAHOKE sails Faton 19.
Prom wharf, foot of Fremont st., at 3 p. m.
Fralsht and paasenser office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
COMPAQNIE QEXERALE TRAN3ATLASTiqCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of -^:|\JL35
Saturday, at 10 m. m.. from Pier .^_*r^"*"™*
North River, foot of Morton street. First clas*
to Harre, JM and upward. 8*cpnd eta«s to
Havre. **5 and upward. GENERAL AokNCT
FOR' UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson bulldlnr). New Jo"; J ;
F. FUGAZI & C<\. P*^^ 0 "* A *?,S..'
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Ticks .»
, wlii.hv oil ¦Byi'fA Tlfket A»»nt-«.
i BAY AND BJVEB STOAMEBS.
FOR U. S. MAYY YARD AKD YALLEJQ.
.-'"¦.¦ ¦• Steamer -**>*or>t!cetlo."
• MON.' Tn««.« AVeA, Thurs. and Sat at »:B
a. m.. 1:15. «:M P- m. (ejc Thurs. nlsht): Frl-
, days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:» a. m . i
i p. m. Landing and offlcw. Mls»ion-stre«t Dock.
Pier No. X. Telepfcon« Main 1S0S.
PARK " SOC.
Office 1OO4- Market Street
Telophontfe— South 42O.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
Our delivery man is met with smiles,
not with frowns, for what he presents
brings certain satisfaction to wife and
mother, husband and brother. In two
words: It's right! That applies to every
F'.ngle article washed, starched and Ironed
In this establishment. Modern appliances
er.d eklllful handling tell the story.
Domestic finish for full-dress shirts If
you crder it.
No taw eceres.
A WELCOME CALLER.
.With our children we think there is
nothing so safe and • reliable as Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets to ward off croup and
colds, and with older people I have known
of cases where the hearing had been se-
riously impaired by chronic catarrh cured
entirely by this new remedy. v
Mr." A. R. Fernbank of Columbus, Ohio,
says: I suffered so many winters from
Catarrh that I took It a? a matter of
course; and that nothing would cure It
except a change of climate, which my
business affairs would not permit me to
take. .
My nostrils were almost always clogged
up. I had to breathe through the mouth.
causing an Inflamed, irritated throat. The
thought of eating breakfast often nause-
ated me, and the catarrh gradually get-
ting Into my stomach took away my ap-
petite and digestion.
My druggist advised me to try, a 50-cent
box of Stuart'3 Catarrh Tablets, because
he said he had so many customers who
had been cured of Catarrh by .the use of.
these tablets that he felt he could honest-
ly recommend them. I took his advice
and. used several boxes, with results that
surprised and delighted me.
¦ I always keep a box of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets in the house,' and the whole fam-
ily use them freely on the first appearance'
of a cough or cold In the head.
These tablets, which are pleasant and
harmless to take, owe their efficiency to
the' active medicinal ¦ principles of Blood
Root. Red Gum and a new specific called
Gualacol, which, together with valuable
antiseptics, are combined in convenient,
palatable tablet form and as valuable for
children a* for adults.
Anew discovery which Is meeting with
remarkable success in curing catarrh of
the head, throat and bronchial tubes, and
also catarrh of the stomach, is sold by
druggists under name of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets.
Catarrh may be readily cured in any cli-
mate, but the only way to do it Is to de-
stroy or remove from the system the ca-
tarrhal germs which cause all the mis-
chief.
The treatment by inhalers, sprays, pow-
ders and washes has been proven almost
useless in making a permanent cure, as
they do not reach the seat . of disease,
which is in the blood and can be reached
only ' by an internal remedy, which acts
through the stomach upon the blood and
system generally. i-
Not Necessary in Order to Cure
Catarrh.
The popular idea that the only cure for
chronic catarrh is a change of climate is a
mistake, because catarrh i3 found In all
climates in all sections of the country,
and even if a change of climate should
benefit for a time, the catarrh will cer-
tainly return.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHANGE OF CLIMATE
Retail Dru«xiJ5t». Agte.. Fourth and
Er>rin« St».. Lo« Ang-eles. Cat
Any on* knows and knows when cured. We
have offered •• reward of S2S lor •* years here
In Lxm Angeles to ear one with Pile* who could
net be cured with 1 Box of Verus Pile Cure,
•nd not one person has claimed the reward.
\Ve now offer «nd will par may one Buffering
vlth Piles J50 who cannot be- cured with Verus
P'fe Cure. Our record shows over 10,000 cured.
\Vrlt» for Information. Perhaps we hare your
rtichbor-e testimonial. Price $2, postpaid.
YEEUS PILE CUBE CO., ROOI 225, WilSOH Bit
Or ELLINGTON DRUG CO.. Wholesale and
PILES
S. F.. December *. 1S9?— Dr. Wong Him. 115-
117 Mason et_. E. F.. Cal. — Dear Sir: For the
ber.ent of others I wish to make a statement of
rr.y cai»e. which waa heart trouble. After treat-
1r.* with fix eminent physicians my caae waa
pronounced incurable. Hearing of Dr. TToni
Him. and his wonderful cures. I decided to try
his herb treatment. He did all he claimed, and
after treating f'.x months I am now well and
Iftronr. Tours, respectfully.
JJT.S. BARLOW. 1CE7 Mlsrfon at.. S. T.
MRS. JOHN ALI^ANSON.
Orchard avenue, Elmhurst. Alameda Co., Cal.
December 15. 1900— Thl« la to oertlfy that I
was euCerinjt for fifteen years from Brlehfa
tfipeas* of the kldneya and a tumor on my left
•Ide. I tried a number of doctors and various
r*me<5ie* without affording me any relief. That
fix months ago I applied to Dr. "Won* Him or
115-117 Mason etreet. San Francisco, and non-
after e'.x months of his treatment I am entirely
cured and in perfect health. I write this In
mr appreciation of Dr. Wonp Him, and that
ether sufferers may be relieved, and I will be
clad to certify to thin In person to any one
that may call upon me at my residence.
SAN FRAXC1SCO.. Oct.
t. Jt-KV)— To •whom It may
rX,-****^ <occerc: This Is to c.nlir
\E*> that DR. WOXG HIM of
Wj£|tS r 112-117 Mason street, San
f/ ?Lt I Francisco, has cured xn*>
yCtS } cf kidney trouble and
fju£ imr I rheumatism and I am
happy to make thla ctate-
J&PK. f >cC^W mtnt. as I find the Doctor
r-*^ S 5*-7fi*>V^ Etrictly honest In every
iES»*r^C«-^3 «T.ye of the word and an
* ir"^^ST~ honorable man In all hU
fiealintfs. DR. C. A. GAY. Dentist. 902 gecond
ave.. Seattle, Tl'ath.
TO THE PUBLIC
I IB NHlIlL** Smokeless Powder. In bulk
¦ nil IM and loa <led tn shells. Send
iVfOI a for cataioRte of aportim
UVll %# good*. GEO. W. SHRE\X
To ;.Chiro the"" Grip In' Two , Days '
* Laxative Bromo-Quinine : Tablets. •
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For - the ' cure lot '- GONORRHOEA.* GL.EET3.
STRICTURES and analijoui complaints of tit*
Orirans of Generation. t)waf¥toiaD'+itmV**»&M
r Price $1 a bottle. For •»!• by dru«l»t«.
II cot»» lo «V 2
Sw9tr OR. JORDAN'S oncat
IMUSiUM OF ANATOMY
I r^ uniuizRfit.M.ftLtm.ir.OBL
T )Sr The La«?MtAt»to«iic«l Mww-iih tbe
A -~ .it V.'o*ii Wabron o» *njr catxractatf
" "Gg? tiQ* <imrmtt mmrm* by the oldwt
I &&&K BS.JCM«i-PEI¥ATE DISEASES
(Z J &W S Trt irment p<rte»n«lljr o» by letter. A
\ V W MW fv-n— <^^e '¦ e»ety art* nudtraitt.
"" u IT Btiuai*tiE. maileo ran. <A
> Q lb " »• lu»bi« book la* mri i
wc£!?£i§g§hL one piiDtrc
/^mmk bottle tun to
/ SlPlll MCBURNEY'S
f v O W CURB
zS ' 1/ ' - A thorough euro for
• pi ' - C P alns la the back,
; W_L; y V BRIGHT'S DISEASE.
1 Z^<\. 24 r / \ female troubles, incon-
tiueuceof urlno. brick dnst deposits, bed*
vrcttlng of children, gravel, jrall stone*,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism. "
, ""—FOR SALE AT- -.
THE OWL. DRUG CO.. 11*3 Market St.
AND AT
DAHI.BENDER DRUG CO.. 214 Kearny it.:
-' Send 2Gc in 2c stamps to W.'P. McGurney.
418 8.". Spring : «t.. • Los An*rele»/i CaL. for 5
dayaV treatment. Prepaid, St SO.THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 11— Weather flne^Tmckheavv.
1654. FIRST RACE— Six furlongg; gelling; fnur-year-oldB and up; purse. $400.
Po. T | \ f Retting ¦ <
Index Horse, Age. Weight. Put St. %. %. Str. ' *Fln. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
\W a " at ?-.,5-" 10 < . 1 » * 4 ** In 12 Domtnl"ck~lT 7-10 9-10 8-10 2-5
1626 Florinel II. 4 103 7 4 SS 3 10 Z 10 2 n O'Connor .. 4 6 6 7-5
1%1 IP 1 "* L»rk a...,.102 4 1 1 1VS 1 n - 2 4 8 6 Mounce .... 10 80 80 8
1613 Simon D, 6 104 8 6 4h51 41. 4 6 Coburn 7-2 6 6 2
ir,21 Sam Howard, 4. .101 6 2 7 6 4 6 8 6 10 . Buchanan .. 4 5 6 3-2
2?22 o. bb3 ? el i U 4 :"' S 9 ? 8«4 7 7 6% Stuart 60 200 200 60
1562 St. Anthony. 4... 101 5 7 5141 Sh7 Enos 20 50 50 10
Time— U, :26; o hi, :62; %7 1:1814. Fair start. Won all out. Second and third driving. Wln
ner. Burns & Waterhouge s br. g. by Duke of Montrose-Minnehaha -Helle. Marcato will
beat better one* if his underpinning does not give way. Spry I^ark ran a fair race.
Simon D sore and unfit. Sam Howard couldn't untrack himself. Simon D swerved in the
stretch, nearly throwing- St. Anthony and Sam Howard. ¦
10r»5. SECOND RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-old fillies; purse, $350.
Po. Dotting "T
Index Horse «Jid Weight. Pat St. %. %. Str. Fin. , Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. Pl?
1583 Alzura. 107 6 2 11 14, 14' 16 O'Connor .. Io" 25 25 «
1583 Maresa 107 '4 5 28 26 26/ 2 6 Dominlck ..2 2 6-5 2-5
1630 Birdie Stone 107 5 3 44 33 32 33 Baaslnger .. 8 15 15 '4
(1277) MoonbrlKht 112 2 1 52 62 4 H 42 Mounce . 4 6 6 2
1649 Mamie Hlldreth..lO7 7 7 Sn 4 2 65 51 J. Woods.. 8 20 20 G
1469 Irate.. 107 S 8 7 6 4 6H 6 6 Bnos. 20 60 60 20
.... Compass 113 1 4 6n 7 7 7 N. Turner..: 6-2 5-2 2 4-5
rim T~ To , \, : 2 2 £i . to H '-r,vi 8Vi: 4 ' i : 5? : , snort % - 1:15 - -OoooTstart. Won easily. Sec
ond and third driving. Winner. Doble & Co.'b b. f. by Emperor of Norfolk-Miss Baldwin.
"Winner had shown fast work-outs. Going : did not suit the longr-strlding favorite any too
well. Moonbrlght not ready. Needle on the Compass pointed right way, but she became
becalmed In the deep footing. .'
l«n«. THIRD RACE— Mile and an eighth; selling; four-year-olda and up; , purse. $500.
Po. ; . • _ : " Dotting
Index Horse, Age, Weight. Pst St. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. ¦ Op. Hi. Cl. PL
(1622) Horton. 5 104 8 S 8 8 . 2 2 1 2 Coburn";.... 6-5 8-5 6-5 —
1628 Lena, a 101 1 1 11 In » In; 2 3 Mounce .. 8-5 8-5 8-1 2 5
(1635) Lou Key. 6 104 2 2 »H»2-3 3 Buchanajn . ! 6-2_ _ 4 1S-5 7-10
Tlme-% :13: %, , :33%; %. l:0«: %, 1:84^ mile. 1:47%; lHm. 2:01. "Good start. Won driv
lng. Winner, J. McGovern's ch. h. by El Rayo-Fuslllade^s Last. Coburn on winner re- -
sorted to rough tactics, bumping Lena the last eighth of a mile. Lou Rey took a hand
but lost his bank roll early. Some people around the village 'lowed he didn't like the
¦ track. ¦ * '-"..-*.-'- . * i, "
1(157. FOURTH RACE— Futurity, course; selling; three-year-olds; purse, 1350.
I*o. / . ¦ pitting ~
Index Hors« and "Weight. Pst 8t. %. . %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI?
1632 Ada N .....105 8 8 Inl2l2ll DomlnlclTT i 1 8-5 g-5 3-5
1337 Invictus.... 104 5 t 2n 2n 3 3 2 8 Coburn V... 10 10 10 8
1610 Gaylon Brown.. ..104 2 84244SH3H Danslnger ..20 40 40 19
1622 Merida 102 6 6 7 1 5H 61 4 1 Buchanan 7 16 15 I
(1638) Utmus .....105 7 4 61 72, 6 2 5 3 Enos ....... 7 16 \\ I
.... Skip Me ....102 8 5 3H 81 * M 61 J. .Miller 10 20 15 «
(1614) Cousin Carrie;... .102 4 7; 6 % 62 7 3 7 1 Mounce.. 7-2 7^2 7-2 6 5
(I<a6) Darlene 103| 1 2 8 8 8- g O'Connor v" S 9-2 9-2 . |lj /
Time— To %. :22Vi: to H.^J7>i: last M. 1:O4V4: short %. 1:14^. Good start. Won easily Svc- '
ond and third driv ng. f. by Herald-Santa Rosa. Ada N fully re
covered, won on the chin strap.^ Invinctus is fast. Merida ran : poorly. Litmus sulks
Gaylon Brown it improving. Cousin Carrie. was only practicing., Skip Me may be both
*rfcom© next tlm«. ¦ -,. . . . . ' "^ ' , \
JOSST FIFTH RXcE£9jhTrurio^
Index Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. ,H. ' ' %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. . ' Op. -.-.Hi"- "ci; PI?
1S23 Bernota, S -.'.... r.104 5 1 5 \i 8 8 3 2 , 1 n Coburn""."...' ¦ -i .11-5 , 7 in
1628 Dandy Jim. 3... .106 2 4. 11 1* 1 i\. 26 :¦, Dominlrk -. 8 ' •" 5 9 2 V?
(1610) Tenny BelW 3/..107 6 5 4 h 3 h 3 3 3 6 - Buchanan' 3 16-5 lei f '
1573 Our Lizzie. ,«.... .119 1 2, 3 8 : 6 4 - 5 2 ' 4 n 'N, Turner' 5 8 B I
(1632) Flatterer. S ...... 10« "4 8 2% 44 5 2 6 10 Mounc " 3 5 I *l~
..... Redemption. 6....121 3 | «' 6. . '> 6 6 6 Rom"ro ":: 30 " 150.. 100 "
Tlme-44, :26; *. :51; %. 1:17« start^ Won: cleverly. Second and third driving. wliT
ner,,Burns & Waerhouse-s blk. g. bxJTake Notice-Berna. Cohurn on winne" broke first >
tout started, to, pull- up.- The gelding grabbed Jim after coming from behind! Tenny -B^n e
SS&ftf&iBSK? S^al^l-Sb 1^^- • ran a XT^^J
ltiBoT^IXTTTiRA^E-O^p^e^^
Index Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. ..'%.-!; M- Str. Fin. Jockeys. ', Op- : hI"'* 1 *!.- PI?': "
,1637 Astor,- «..:..... .106 'I 1 .;• 13, 12, '18 .16 Coburn""~ 7 " •• 2S . 9fl ¦•e' :
1634 Galanthus. 8. ..... 88 6 2 • 3 n 4 2 2321 J^ Martin >' 3 4 • V s '
C 1634 Klckumbob. 4v..l01 .4 4 : 5h .52 3 1 34- Stuart \ : 'llll 60 v fin' M '
1646 Urchln..4 .;..V...101 2 C :22 21 42 4 2 - Mounle" " * V 6 10 C o
(1634) Owensboro. 4 '....104 3 5 ,43 : 31 65 58 T Dominlck"" 8-5 "« I 4 I V?'
(16S7) Essence-4 ...;. V.101 7 -7 '.*.! -. 7, 64 6 6 Buchanan " 4 ¦ 7 "7 1
1647 Osmond, 5^..:..; .106, 5 3 6161-7 7 O'Connor". " 'I M 20 'I
Time— Vi, :2SH; H. :52H; %; 1:18^; mile, 1:48.. Bad start Won/easllv q^onnrt T^J — 7ZT1 -
driving Winner. C. R. Ellison's ¦•b.:«.\toy.-Alnti^«-sShkK:VvA'ti'^?^- "HawkW^ >: "
horse . this bright .January day. He was < not left at the ; post. ! OwensbJro^ran JusT like a
4 to 5 chance oughrto. Buchanan snatched a nap and was almost left Osmond a trlfl«
rusty. Scratched-Dunblane 104.' . l usmonaa inne ,
The semi-final round of the third com
petition, for the Council's cup for women
was played yesterday on the Presidio
links ; and resulted In \th-e closest match
yet occasioned by the contest. There, be
ing only three competitors inthe round,
one of them, Mrs. R.Gilman Brown, drew
a bye, leaving Miss; Hager. and Miss Ella
W. Morgan to fight It out. After a close
and interesting struggle Miss Hager at
the seventeenth hole beat Miss Ella Mor
gan 2 up, 1 to play. ¦ ¦
¦ The final ' round will be played : to-day
between Miss . Hager and Mrs. R. Q.
Brown. As neither of them has "won a
previous competition for the ! trophy the
winner will not.. only, have the honor . of
having her name and score inscribed on
the cup but will also carry away as a
memorial; of ¦ her .victory a. miniature
replica of; the trophy in. silver.
Final Round Between Mrs. Brown
and Miss Hager to Be^Played
To-I>ay. '
GOLF GIRLS CONTEND
FOR COTTNCII/S TROPHY
According: to a German scientist the
earth weighs 11,913,000,000,000,000 pounds. .,
The Original Little Louisiana Company o?
San Francisco, Drawing January
. 12. I9O1.
No. 4646 wins J750O. sold In San Francisco,
Cat. ',: No. ' 8004S.. wins- $2000, sold In San Fran
cisco, Cai.; No. 63625 wins $1000. sold In San
Francisco. Cal.; Xo. • 95583 ¦ wins $500, sold In
San Francisco, - Cal. ; Nos. 72772 and 92501 each
wins J25O, sold in Los Angeles and San Fran
cisco, Cal. : Nos. - 2776, 10477. 41554. 93U€6 and
99740 each wins $100. sold in San Diego, Oak
land- and San Francisco. Cal. ¦ •
Sporting Editor of the Chicago Inter
LOU i HOUSEMAN | COMES
TO j SEE THE FIGHT
Ocean .Will Look After Jack
Boot's Interests.
Lou Houseman, sporting editor of the
Chicago Inter, Ocean and , well known
throughout the East and Middle "West as
a critic on ¦ sporting matters, arrived in
this city yesterday morning." He will re
main here but' a few days, just long
enough to see the Root-Byers fight, which
will be held at Woodward's Pavilion to
morrow night. |
Mr. Houseman came to the coast to look
after Jack Root's interests. He is a warm
admirer of the Chicagoan's fistic abilities
besides being his ring sponsor. Repre
senting a number of Chicago men. Mr.
Houseman has his wallet stuffed with the
"long green" ready to be ventured on
Root's chances with Byers.
This is .the first visit. of the Inter
Ocean's sporting editor to San Francisco,
He-was at Carson for the Corbett-Fita
slmmons fight, but came no farther west
at'that time. , Mr. Houseman acted as
timekeeper for Fitzsimmons during that
rlng-histprlc engagement.
Entries for Champion stake: W. a.
Tevis' Cuba of Kenwood and W. W. Van
Arsdale's Peach Mark.
A live bird shoot was part of the en
tertainment provided for the visitors on
the island yesterday, and took place at
the Coronado race track. Tod Sloan. Phil
Daley Jr., Captain Sedan. **ndrew Jack
son, Martineis Chick, M. Schultz and oth
ers took part. One six and two ten bird
races were pulled off and the honors were
divided between Sloan, Daley and Chick.
At a meeting to-night it was decided tc
run the Members' stake at the close of
the all age stake to-morrow and the
Champion stake afterward. Entries for
the Members' stake are: Tod Sloan's VI.
Albert Metz's Merry Heart. "Vy. W. Van
Arsdale's Lou, P. D. Llnville's Maggie F
W. S. Tevis' Petronella, J. W. Flynn's
Senator Trinket, H. Wi Keller's Vals
mark.
champion stake and the members stake
to be run, and if both fill, the trials can
not finish before Friday.
The handsome cups donated for the
various stakes are on exhibition in the
Hotel del Coronado, and are attracting
much attention and favorable comment
frcm the guests.
The cup won last year by W. 8. Tevis
in the champion stake h^s been redonat
ed by him to the winner of the champion
stake of this season. Other cups are giv
en by W. W. Van Arsdale, J. E. de Ruy
ter and Frank Maskey. A large number
of field trial enthusiasts from Los Angeles
were in attendance to-day and others are
expected to-morrow.
The latest arrivals from the north are
Charles Harley and J. E. Flynn, the lat
ter owner of the famous pointer Sena
tor P.
S»ecJ*l Dlsirateii to The OJ1
jf^ ORON'ADO, Jan. 16.— This was the
n third day of the Pacific Coast
II. Field Trials and the first of the
all-age stake, which was only par-
tiaily completed. There was a
heavy fogr hanging over the island when
the first brace went down this morning
and the bushes were dripping with wa
ter. The fog lifted about 10:30, but there
¦were clouds overhead and the air was
<Tuite oppressive. The work of the dogs
was not as good as was expected in the
all-age class, and there were no particu
larly brilliant heats run during the day.
Cuba Zpp did a piece of very good work
in the last heat, but aside from that noth
ing approaching brilliancy took place.
Clipper \V, who put up such a fine run
yesterday, ran an exceedingly poor heat
in the bye and his performance was abso
lutely without merit- That he was out
of condition was apparent to all, and in
stead of the speed and dash exhibited on
other occasions he ran with a low head
and seemed in distress throughout the en
tire heat. Messrs. Johnson, Post and Schu
macher again acted as judges. It was ful
ly expected that the all-age stake would
£>e finished ¦ to-day, and it appears that
It might easily have been brought to a
conclusion had work been continued In
stead of calling up the dogs and starting
for home shortly after 4 o'clock. The run
r.lr.g was as follows:
Cuba of Ker.wood-Blazeaway — This was
the first brace of the day and they went
down at 1:2. A long cast was made be
fore birds were found, when Cuba secured
a bevy point in short sage. The birds
flushed to h»avy cover, where Cuba again
pointed and was steady to shot.
Verona Cash-Pride of Ross— Upon being
cast off both dogs disappeared In the fog
and Pride soon returned to his handler,
but Verona remained away. After travel
ing come distance a halt was called while
a search was made for the dog, but this
•was of no avail, nor was she found until
pome two hours later. Another brace was
substituted.
Lady-Merry Heart— Lady's work was
riot as brilliant as that of yesterday, and
ehe was less certain on her points. She
made two or three points where no bird
•could be found, then pointed Btanchly
end was backed by Merry Heart. Upon
the bird being flushed Lady went on, but
Merry Heart moved up a few feet and
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHICAOO, Jan. 16.— "The Chicago. St.
Louis, New Orleans, Latonia and Tanfo
ran tracks will withdraw from the pres
ent Turf Congress and " organize a new
body similar to the Eastern Jockey Club."
said a prominent delegate" to the session
of the Tuff Congress held at the Welling
ton Hotel to-day. "This will mean a dis
solution of the present Turf Congress, the
throwing out of the smaller Southern
tracks and , the organization of a. "strong
Western bod-, with a board of stewards
that will be extremely powerful In turf
matters." . . • ¦ •
The combination Includes the big tracks
of the West, with the exception of Oak
land and Ingleslde. The latter has not
been in operation this season. It also
leaves out Little Rock and other Southern
tracks. These will be provided for, how
ever, if .the present plans carry. It was
planned after the Turf Congress ad
;ourned to-day to have the big tracks
withdraw. The new body, if It goes
through will fix all racing dates. The
?5 i6C i«^ii th ® meeting was to provide lor
the division • of the money now • In the
treasury- This waa accomplished. Each
S£S£ k S£ w ' l . n the -.Turf Congress secures
$2&uO. This leaves the sum of $2600 in the
treasury, which will cover . present ex-
JESST-JK'. 18 llke J y . the blf t?ack» n men
tioned will turn their $2900 into the treas
ury of the new Jockey club to be formed
later. ¦ • •; . ,
The delegates favoring the -new or
ganization adjourned to the Auditorium
annex. The name chosen for this body
was the Western Jockey Club.
Turf Congress and Throwing
Out of Small Southern
Tracks.
Means the Dissolution of Present
Decide to Form Organization
Similar to Eastern
Jockey Club.
made a very stylish point and was steady
to wing. Another point for Lady and a
back for Merry Heart, but again no bird.
Tacoma-Lady Rodschaff— Tacoma Is a
handsome dog with splendid style, but
does not seem to understand California
quail, as his training has been on chickens
and pheasants. He made one point in the
heat, but no bird was found. Lady Rod
schaff went into the all age in bad condi
tion and showed at once that she was not
in form. She secured one stylish point, but
on the whole her work, was rather ragged.
Peach Blossom-Cuba Zep — Blossom se
cured a point then Zep located a running
bird, which he roaded by sight to a flush.
Another point for Blossom and a back
by Zep finished the heat.
Verona Cash-Pride of Ross— This heat
was resumed after Cash had been found
and resulted in five points for Verona
Cash, but In both cases Pride refused to
back, and in the first Instance drew up
and took the point.
Clipper W-Bye— Clipper was first put
down with a kennel mate and afterward
worked alone, but at no time did he show
any ambition, and several times he
evinced a disposition to return to the
teams. The Judges then announced that
the dogs which were eligible for the sec
ond series were Verona Cash, Cuba Zep,
Merry Heart, Cuba of Kenwood, Peach
Blossom and Lady.
Cuba-Lady— This heat still further dem
onstrated that Lady was not at her best,
as she pointed twice where no birds were
found, and In the third evinced a tendency
to chase where th© bird was flushed. Cuba
followed suit within the next few min
utes and had no point to his credit when
the heat closed.
Peach Blossom— Merry Heart— This heat
resulted In a point for each, though very
few birds were found during the running.
Cuba Zep-Verona Cash— Quite a distance
was covered before birds were found by
either of the does, and Verona was the
first to make fame. Once or twice she
appeared to be pointing:, but the birds
were running and flushed some distance
ahead Zep secured a point near the
edge of the field and ehowed by his man
ner that the birds were moving. His
trainer waved him on and he roaded
elowly to the edge of the field
and came to a point on - three
birds which were running through
the plowed ground. On being flushed,
Zep was sent off in another direction, but
made a cast and returned to where the
birds had dropped, and again came to a
point on a small bevy which ran out into
the field in plain sight of the crowd, and
remained there with the dog pointing un
til the handler was ordered to fire. After
a few minutes more running the doss
were ordered up.
The all age should be finished early to
morrow morning, which still leaves the
WESTERN TRICKS
WILL WITHDRAW
Louis - Derby, the latter valued at $5000,
close on, January 13. Horsemen desiring
entry books can obtain same from Pr-3
' ?/ 1 , n . 1! Jud^ e Murphy • at Oakland track_
\villie Shields will act aB floor manager
nt the jockeys' ball to ho held at Odd
bellows* Hall Saturday evening. A silver
cup will be present e<l to the moat popular
Tommy Burns is -galloping horses at
Oakland, and will be seen in the saddla
again next week. ;¦ • • ' .
'.Following are to-day's entries: .
First rare-Seven furlongs, three-year-olds
and upward; pelllng.
1646 Free. Wnce... .113 lire Rio Shajinon...llO
1637 Litmus .101 1431 Senator Matts.llft
1646 Grnnd SachemlO9 16.il Fille <rOr......ll»
1643 WaIIern»Mn ..i'a ]6i7 jjlke Rice..:. .112
1614 Game Warden. >4
Second race — Five and a half furlongs, four
yenr-oldp ami upward; purse.
IRIS Mainstay .....110 .... Lilla ......113
1C24 Gold Baron.. ..107 16« Tlng-a-LIng ..111
[1654. Abbylrlx L.....101 .... The Light.. ...105
1508 Beautiful Blll.106 1613 Harry OwynnellO
. Gold I>ice Ill) 1645 Dr. Cave 106
Third race— Three and a half furlongs, two
year-old fillies; purse. .;
1644 Dorene 110 Imp. Golden Garter
1644 Carson BeautyltM Kissing Ring.
1644 Larghetta 104'.... Louwelsea ....107
1620 Prestene 104 Re y el Santa Anlta
3644 Minerva 107. I.eol.i.
1578 Evea G 104.... Parizade 107
1625 Torllla 104! St. Carlo-Partisana.
.... Gartha .....;..107i
Fourth race— One mile and a sixteenth, three
year-oldg-'and upward: selling.
1B33 Opponent .....1031 1651 None Such..... 103
1617 Alicia .........101 1.179 Wax ...110
1591. Sir Rolla 109l\:
Fifth racf^ Six furlongs, three-year-olds and
upward; eelllngr.
1630 Maggie Davis.lO5'.(1621) Rollick ........ 82
1..68 Edg&rdo ......109 (15S4) Bab 100
,1387 Formero 11«> 1U48 Parmenion ....107
Sixth race— Six furlongs, three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
165S Jennie Reid. ..102 1408 Swt. Caporal..l02
1*.^ Alturas ...104 1626 Handlcapper ..101
1642 Fidel Youlln... 99 1630 Pilot .....101
1641 Great Bend. ...107 16S2 Estelada 84
"- £ ul ' ah 99 1815 Mary KinsellalO2
1642 Casdale ... 1M) 1663 M. Ferguson... 102
Probable Winners.
First race— Free Lance, Grand Sachem. Wal
leneteln.
Second race— Gold Lace, The Light, Dr. Cave.
Third race— Dorene, Gartha, Parlzade.
Fourth race— Opponent. Sir Rolla, Wax.
Fifth race— Bab. Rollick, Edgardo.
Sixth race— Great Bead, Handlcapper, Sweet
Caporal.
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 16.— Jockey May
was suspended to-day pending an investi
gation of his ride on Spurs. Results: "
One mile, gelling— Callear won. Hlnsdale sec
ond, Cogswell third. Time, 1:49.
Six furlongs— Sakatuck won. W. J. Deboe
second, W. J. Baker third. Time. 1:19. -
Steeplechase, short course — Don Clarencio
won. Harve B second. Brakeman third. Time,
3:32%.
Handicap, mile and an eighth— I>ramburs
¦won. Major Manslr second, Ben Chance third.
Time, 2.-0H4.
Seven furlongs, selling— Goodale won. Colonel
Cassldy second, Braw Lad third. Time. 1:3414.
Seven ;< furlong*, selling— Waterhouse won,
Thurles second. Pantland third. Time, 1 :34.
Tommy Griffin, the ex-jockey and now
owner, who haa been racing a string of
horses at the New Orleans meeting, is
paying California a Bhort visit. Tommy is
no stranger here, his colors having been
seen on the local tracks two seasons ago.
He heads the list 6f winning owners at
the Southern city m».et.
Bookmaker George Rose will take down
his slate next week. Ht will visit Coro
nado Beach and then by easy stages Jour
ney East. Mr. Rose will quit t;.e season
here only a small winner, quite in contrast
to last year, when he won something like
$35,000.
"Silver Bill" Riley, the Eastern book
maker, who suffered from a mild r attack
of pneumonia and was confined at one of
the local hospitals. 16 out {.gain. His
many friends welcomed him at the track
yesterday. • ¦
It was Coburn's day in the saddle.
"Monk" piloted Horton ,~ Bernota and the
long shot, Astor, past the judges first.
Charley Ellison made quite a •'Killing"
over the win of Astor. He has promised
Trainer Mayberry a dinner consisting of
pigtails and hominy with some'old-fash
ioned hoecake on the side lor sending the
horse to the post in such splendid con
dition.
Disgusted with the game after losing
nearly $20,000, Peck , Eppinger. the book
maker, sailed on. the Gaelic for Japan yes
terday, accompanied by his wixe. Cashier
Galllardo of the Palace Club says any
outstanding credit markers will be paid
within a couple of davs.
The sixteen rich stakes of the St. Lou's
Fair Association, among which are the
Inaugural, Debutante, Kindergarten, Club
Members' handicap. New Century and St.
Track Notes.
Tr UST like a dash of "Angostura blt-
II ters in the before-dlrinpr "MRrtlni,"
'• : I": the unexpected wins of the two
QJs rank outsiders; Alrura and Aslor,
' lent a touch of hlghUifo 'yesterday
to the racing at Oakland. "For all that,
the track | waa' heavy and even soggry in
places; favorites once again' fortified hope
In their direction by capturing four of the
purses; The"<uird was light and speckled,
but. served, to attract the usual crow*! of
racegoers.
Alzura, the firBt outsider to score, was a
bay; filly from Doble & Co.'a stable,
which started In the second event, a eoll
1ns sprint for fillies. AVlnnle O'Connor
was in the- saddle, and even this 'did not
prevent the books from laying 25 to 1
against her. ¦ Breaklne away from the
post second, O'Connor soon took the lead
with his mount, winning with ridiculous
ease .from the favorite, Mareaa. Com
pass, heavily bet on by Al Legg and his
friends, seemed utterly at' sea In . the go
ing-, finishing last:
Charley Klllson's Astor was one of
seven starters in the closing mile run. de
cided under selling conditions. For some
inexplicable reason, the books went from
7 to 20 and 25 to 1 with the odds. Mr.
CaJdwell released the barrier with Astor
and Coburn away flying and. that is all
there was to it. The despised one gal
loped In first, six lengths beforo Galan
thus,* the second choice. . It was said
Owenabort),- the favorite, did not like a
heavy track, which statement is probably
true, for, starting a 4 to 5 favorite, he was
beaten thirteen lengths, finishing fifth.
With nothing of any account to bent.
Marcato made quick work of his company
in the opening six-furlong run. A 9 to 10
favorite, the big brown gelding finished
two lengths ahead of Florinel and Spry
Lark.
The mile and a furlong selling affair was
a, three horse race. Horton, piloted by
I Coburn, closed favorite over Lena, with
Lou Iiey the outsider. Lena, led into the
stretch, where the first choice challenged,
and in a drive got the decision by two
•lengths.
None of the starters in the fourth pos
sessed much class and 8 to 5 looked a very
fair price against Ada X, especially with
Dnminlck fn the saddle. The fast filly
made all the running and won hands
down from Invictus. a 10 to 1 choice. Bas
slnger brought in Gaylon Brown, a 40 to 1
shot, third.
"Honk" Coburn rode a nicely judged
race ,on Bernota. favorite for the fifth
number, almost pulling up at the start.
Rushing his mount up to the leader.
Dandy Jim,- he then waited and in a mild
drive finished first by a neck. Tenny Belle
ran third.
Outsiders at Oakland Surprise the
Talent by Galloping in First.
BY JP/c, DC.^ Is^XJXjIIOILiIL, A.2STID.
ALZURA, THEN ASTOR,
AT ODDS OF 25 TO 1
CUBA ZEP DOES GOOD WORK
IN ALL-AGE STAKE AT CORONADO
of the Day Remains Unfinished*
Trials Barren of Sensational Features and Contest
BY. O. -W. HIBBARD.
THE SA^JFR^^
4
iiii; cel
, $1 pep Year.
- What is v wanted of soap
for the skiri is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is , why we want pure soap;
and when v we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
• Pears' is pure ; no free
alkaji." There- are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one -is enough; You can
trust a soap that has no
bitingf alkali in itr.i
All sorts of stores sell it, especially .'¦
druggists; all sorts of people use it
ADVERTISETMENTS.
What Mattes (fie Home?
Not the house, however fine it may be ;
not its furniture, pictures and appoint-
ments. The wife and mother makes the
home, and to speak of going home
means to go back into the shelter of the
mother's Tore and care.
And when womanly ills sap the
mother's strength, the home-life suffers.
The food is not cooked as she cooks it.
Everywhere the
/ I L?**^S*i*-/?l laclc ? f wifely
' supervision and
\Jr mot^ er^y thought-
14^ r-^lzi* s^ fulness is apparent.
'^Cia^X^f^B What a change,
<^77f^M^ \ thea . wb e n this
;w <5x^ a wife and mother
2iCS*rS' Z/ coia«» back to take
her old place in the
'^w^Cir jVjv / Thousands
¦'¦ ¦--. •V*v^?^' • -'\ \ ofwomen who, bt-
¦•V:"';?-'/^^a 'V-.V V\ .cause of womanly
v:Sv.^^S : -'-' ; '.^l \\ ais » been shut
>i*-'.-V- ¦¦$»&"¦ i'-;\y out °^ toxne Ufe
i?*'llT^." ; tvf nft^i£jl«' and home happi-
'*¦ '-i^J*"VLZ$~~'^ ness, have been
enabled to once
more take their
place in the family after beingj cured by
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription. It
establishes regularity, dries weakening
drains, heals inflammation and ulcera-
tioa and cures female -weakness. It
makes weak women strong, sick women
well.
"I cotamenud inking Tonr * Favorite Prescrip-'
tion ' and * Golden Medical Discovery ' about
• • the 10th of last December, one year ago," writes
Mrs. Elita Wright, of Mountaisview, Howell
Co., Missouri. "I have bees very slow about
"" ritiuf? to you. although I am thankful I am
— rre to-day and bare thr privilege of saying I
ttank you a thousand times for your kind ad-
vipe. I can truthfully say that it was throug-h
your kind advice and your medidse and the
will of the Lord that I am li viag to-day ; I am
is better health than t have been for three
years. I heve t&ken one-half dozen bottles of
each medicine. I am able to do my washing
for four in family, and all my housework, cook-
ing: *ad milking. In fact, I feel like a new
woman.".
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure con-
stipation and its almost countless conse-
quences. They do not react on the
cystem aor beret the pill habit.
No. Prix*. Na ; Prtl ?:& TTlX U
tan u««7» JJtJSSJ ?>
«/355 18 87043 18 J7W3 ..... «
6731J 2487321. « ESJ— *"*• ll
l£=Z 14 67658 18 67879 »?
87847 "7" 18«7S97....... » «808«. «
Lms l«i(K24» 80 88358... • J»
Sm 248M08. 188849S «>
jtiifi 40168590 -40 88703 ••• *•
K::::::: uS wgow »
m m m
J^2 • II 707*0....".. UI70773..— ... 1J
i»n:::::::: 1*v*n.. — "issft- i2
X,X|i 120 71108 18 71i43. ....... ?»
Till:::::::: 40 73029 M.JM6J "
f."? 16.7375* 40I73S88 J*
i*r?i »4 74113 MI741SI 1*
•^ ?J« 7 J 95 :::::. « 74345 «?
7^:::::::: SBSS yAw* w
Ig" JSS-::::::: %^>: ::::::: «
76493 24 76C2O JJlisS 5*
7*818 16!766S3 2? i5?S$ i>
fsn:::::::: fiffi wteg *»
7F214.. 40J75S27 JOiWiJl «
7S4t<0 18'7S613 !*-!2SJl 1«
7SS22 1207SWS.. so^^l 11
7S-S43 40'78972 40;7aO19 U
iTPui umvnV: i«J2i2 '¦¦}.
7923H 1«!7!>C33 1879338 16
79433 4073439 18,79431 W
7950S 16179617 W -9712 »»
7?7M S0179724 40J79S60 12»
79931 24 7993? 18 79958 »£
SC04S 80Oi/S01S8 40!S02o9 ™
sera isIjsosw is S0444 "«
S05S5 2VSCS70 24SC841 «
HWi 4OS10*4 l«,S1210 1*
S1262 1SU2U 18 81347 34
*:382 i«;sim 24'*i4.«6.: JJ
81501 24IS1318 40S1831 J»
S1707 16 8178.1 163197? 1*
8M09 16X2013 40 S20«5 1«
I J2134 *4;K;1iU 16,S21« <2
8i214 34 «217 24 SIC65 1«
82404 4O.S24IV; 16<<2I«4 **
I ?;j82 16«rS« 18 S28TJ>.. ...... 1*
'82753 34!«7S5 lfi:sr<*> **
; SI905 I«!ii292? 18 82973 18
S317S 40;s.-» 1 7.. 40 *t»73 ¦*
KM28 8O;S34iW 16:«^M *>
;f3573 24;S3»S7 M-KSSX1 t*
8C548 4O!S397O l^WlS *>
(!409g 40184130 16 *41«S W
gJ183. 84'842« 1« S4W5 *O
(U310 1884443 24 S4.«tfS W
84559 16'S4737 24 S435S U
845*73 130iS43«8 21 S'lCS «O
85122 24JS512S " 24 R5143 1«
S5173 24f8535S 18X5412........ 14
g£43S 16!854«2 21 5C315 4O
Sfl7t S0SM20 24;S6471 IS
J67C* 120;SS8<H 16 S8S28 24
SC921 16'S«St9 KS7072 40
87OS7 40;«7C<)0 1« *73» 40
87467 16,87485 18 S74MI t«
S75M I«'g7-w? 24 S7S09 18
ST641 16I876SO 24 STSiS 24
87S67 401873X3 I4.?Sf'E» 21
SS199 S0SISS13 40 8S4<51 4A
SM99 1«|«S575 16 SS771 4«
fS73t 16'8!«33 W'fWSSS 1«
80227 IS SS299 4" 18
.SJ.363 24(89371 U'SMll 19
80413 16!S9oe7 18;R37W 24
89772 16IS9781 80S9S67 40
S3S63 18835S98 J419O213 1«
90237 16I902S1 >O!9O332 8*
901 r ,3 18!3M05 I0I90424 1*»
9f^37 24 90624 16 9W3J 24
( JC63S 12O9GS66 40190743 18
&0?00 24'90952 120 9OS71 1«
S1025 18!91M0 1«!9U34 1*
91I27 1891398 S4 91481 18
91553 40!915S8. 24!91S93 18
91637 4091753 1491759.. ...... 24
B1S31 16191997 14 91999 ti
9JU4 14192171 4092241 1«
92253 16:92317 24',?233S 18
91340 14 92374 SO'92301 10f*>
9CB3S 40'92713 l«'92750 16
92%U 24'92913 189306O.. ...... »
: 930e8 40O i S310S 4O!W193 1«
93370 80193398 12^>*3591 12^>
| 9S676 18I93723.. ....... 120 ?3742 1«
I 8JS05 24'938SO 80 943S3 1*
i 84t2l 16 94133 24 94565 1"
M591 12094SS0 18 94SS3 *0
! &V!83 163S090 24 95232 J4
<U233 16 952«l> 16 93K3 19
I 95517 189SC3S 24'9558S «
I S55«3 2000 ! 95«S1 169T.S48 2*
&6f32 24 56154 «4?6233 19
j*571 169IW13 1« SKWT.7 2»
?<qtf9 16'9870<t 40 %7T> 2*
<«-S31 24:96S37 &O'9IN4rt 1*
9«SS0 80'9<SS4 4n:9fi?2n 40
! JTC23 40 97235 1697450 10
I <)7M9; 24'97377 16 <)7<SH 1«
97JJ1 IS 97S15 1697S74 40
»7?1S ... J4!9733» 1619S0OO 24
118124 24I9S171 I4981S5 40
9S275 24!!W!34S 80;nS397 IS
<*i4S» 16.9.MM 24 9*344 24
9T760 34!98771 24 989<t3 18
oj SM 4O!99nm *4:992S5 18
6SS2S le'WSGS 40<tt4S4,-.......- 18
ZZth 4O:«0567 18 99«43 11
q^f-o 16'99740 400^59745 1*
9U7M.'."."*".. 1O3S77 15,99932 »
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
One hundred numbers from 4o9« to 4894. In-
clusive being 50 numbers on each side of tho
number drawing the capital prize of $20-
00(>— $40.
One hundred numbers from 79B98 to 80098. in-
clusive, being 50 numbers on each side of
the number drawing the capital prize of
$S00O— $24. _-"-V ,
One hundred numbers from 65575 to 85875. In-
clusive, being 50 numbers on each side of
the number drawing the capital prise of
$4000-$1«-
TERMINAL PRIZES.
Nina hundred and ninety-nine nrnnbers «nd-
tng with 46 bolne th« last two fltnirea of tho
number drawlns the capital prtz» of $30.-
000— $3.
N'In» hnndred and nlnety-nfn* numbwi «nd-
tTig with 48. belnr the last two ftrure* of the
number drawing the second capital prize of
$8000-13.
The subscriber harins 0uperri»«d th« tlngl*
number drawing, class A. Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that tli«
above ar» th» numbers which wer» thl» day
drawn from the 100.000 claced In the wheel.
with the prizes corresponding to them.
<et>rned> VT. 9. CABELU Commissioner.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortex. Hondu-
ras, C. A., this Saturday. January 13, 1301.
$15,000 rOR «— OTE-HALF OF FIRST CAP-
i ITAL. »PRIZE.
New York. D*3. 20. 1900.
W« are the bona fide owners of one-half
ticket No. 36.405. class M drawing of the Hon-
duras National Lottery Company. December 15.
1900. held at Puerto Cortex. Honduras. C. A. .
which number won the first capital prize of
thirty thousand ($30,000) dollars, and r«oelve I
the money in full. ABES J. SADCR,
171 Clinton «t.. New York.
HARRIS W. FALK.
480 Brook ave., between 148th and 147th Bta.,
New York.
RACHEL COHKN.
m Clinton St.. New York.
Sworn to b«for* me December 2ft. 1900.
MAX •WX-STROW.
Notary Public No. 75, Kings Court.
Lyennrus P. McCormack of the above coun-
ty and State, being duly sworn upon his oath,
says that he Is the bona tide holder and owner
of the half ticket attached hereto, belns; No.
38,406, class M. of the Honduras National Lot-
tery Company, drawing of Saturday, Decrmber
13. 1900. and which. said ticket Is entitled to
one-half of -the principal prize of the sat4
drawing, vis.: thirty thousand ()3O,C0O) dol-
lars, and further affiant salth not
LYCURGUS P. McCORMACK.
Personally, appeared before me. a Notary
Publio In and for said county and State, Ly-
curgus P. MeCormack. and acknowledged the
execution of the above Instrument.
Witness my hand and notarial seal this
24th day of December. 1900.
THEODORE STEMPFEI* Notary PttbHa.
$4000 FOR Jl-ONB-HALF OF SECOND CAP-
ITAL PRIZE. ,
State of New York. County of King*— ss. f
• This 22d of December. 1900. personally came
before me, a Notary Public In • and for th» \
aforesaid county, Henry Bohnert, who being
duly sworn, deposed as follows:
I. Henry Bohnert. reside at No. 403 E 88th
street. Borough of Manhattan. City of Ntw
York. Am the bona nde owner of a certain
one-half ticket of the Honduras National Lot-
tery Company, No. 73.339; at th* drawing of
said lottery at Puerto Cortez, Honduras, on
December 15. 1900. said ticket. No. 73.339. drew
the second capital prize, amounting to eight
thousand ($8000) dollars, of which amount I
am entitled to one-half, share.'
IIEXRT BOHNERT.
Sworn to before me this 2M day of Decem-
ber, 1900. - . JTTL, CI3TNCTER.
Notary Publio Kings County.
$3300 FOR SO CENTS-ONE-QUARTER OF
SECOND CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Indiana, County of Marlon — ss.
Personally cam* before me, John 3. Tark-
ington. a Notary Public In and for said coun-
ty. Charles C. Becker, who being by me duly
sworn, on his oath says that be resides at No.
1213 Bender street. In the city of Indianapolis.
Ind. That he Is the bona Cde owner of one-
quartef ticket numbered 73,339 In Honduras
National Lottery Company, drawn at Puerto
Cortes. Honduras, C. A., December 15. 1300;
that said number drew the second capita! prt>«
of eight ¦ thousand ($8000) dollars, and said
ticket was paid on presentation. .-*.-•.
CHARLE3 C BECKER.
Sworn to before me December 24. 190O.
j, JOHN S. TARKINOTON. Notary^ Public.
Originals cf foregoing affidavits held by
president of Honduras National Lottery Com-
pany (Louisiana State Lottery Company).
NUMBERS
1 -^— Of" TMJft
Honduras National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.)
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.]
Single Number, Class ' "A," Drawn at
Puerto Cortex, Honduras, C. A. , Sat- * .
urday, January 12, 1901.
No. Prls©. No.' , Prl*e. No, Prlxe.
H 14... 40 ti 18 120 18
«1 40 874. ......¦• '=80 • «09 24
- 642 21 723 140 S42 18
, 882.. ...... iW 893 *> 1039 24
1165 16 1193 ..,16 13*4 M
1846 . 1« 1623 41 19S7 U
1977.. 16 2166... 24 22M 1«
2231 40 2239. 24 £58 120
22S«... 16 22)S 16 2302 11
2344... 24 2413 24 24S» 24
ZJI2 24 2353 1« 2DSS 40
2654 120 2776 400 25*20 24
2t35.. ...... 80 302S 1« 31M 14
S.131 40 S393 40 Mil !24
2035 16 3«J1 i* 331* 1«
4023... 16 4222 40 4239.> .16
4354 . 16 4504 40 4507 1«
4i>45 30DU0 4s93 16 49i3 W
4979 .... 16 6083 lt> 5228 *)
C24.1 40 S2M 80 «8t» 81
&S73... 16 5741. 1« 5934 :1J
BS45;." 40 6018.. 40 8270 1*
6277 40 635«. 16 «3<53 1«
6339 24 P400 1« 6412.*. 1«
6«4 24 6461 24 652a 21
cr.ir, 40 6569 !•> «til3 IS
6365. 16 7129 .,. 24 T2I7 *>
7518 24 7778 SO 7949 1«
8117 36 8141.. 16 8284 24
83M 16 8310 80 8315 1«
S319 16 8153 24 8462 ' .24
Sj"2 16 $619 • 40 8620... jlf
8711 40 8S2<S 24 «925 1«
S01S 80 9033 40 8142 - • iH
9346.. 24 9374 80 9425 1«
9512 40 9S09 24 9622 24
9767 40 9S52 24 9353 8 s )
9933 80|10106 16 10477 400
lOtSS 40I1C5C8 40:10578 80
10671 4O'lM»S 40'10737 .... 1«
10811........ 16J10S16 1611020 1*
11143........ 24 11264........ 24I11333 24
11369........ 16 U376 24Jtli50 1«
11534 16 11567 24 11701 .40
11354 80 11962 24 12U11 16
12058 24 12144 24 12183 13
12197 24 12233 16 12404 16
12435 ,16 12463 24 12534 80
1253S 24 12C47 40 12770.... 80
13116 16 1323 '.... 80 13444 80
13797 16 13944 49 13968 IS
14(>3S 40 141S2 80 14240... 1«
14254 24 14278 40 14331 " 24
J440« 16 14713.. 24 14945... 18
1.'219 24 15234 40 15243........ S3
15372 80 153a 2113574 18
156T.9 16 15680 16 15«31 18
15316 16 15517 24 15S79 40
15927 "16 15977 24 18134 80
16257 16 16273 40 16338 24
164M 16 16429 16 16702 1«
16S19 16 16848 16 17060 1«
17240 80 17275 24117537 40
17552 24;i7837 40!lSO40 IS
1S071 2l!lS173 80 18303 40
1S431 80 1S62S 16 18703 24
18731 24 18733 40 13756 18
1SS09 40llSS55 40 19149 24
19155 16 19227 24 1*391 15
19325 SO 195«4 16 19576 1«
18653 1619714 24 19879 16
19930 16 20448 24 20523 +)
205S9 4020684.. 24 20772 80
20805 16 20815 16 20891 80
21065 8021179 43 21194 24
21360 12021419 16 21515 24
21579 :.. 24121652 24121728 40
21755 1621910 ¦ 16122084 80
22144 24 22184 24 22258 1«
22282 40 22321 43122342 24
22431 24 22440 16 22447 80
22473 40 22561 40 2370 18
22783 • 16 22S33 16J22&63 1«
229S9 80 23055 80123063 1*
23113 24'2312+ 16 23143 40
23143 120J23237 24 23243 18
23296 16 23331 40 23370 14
23423 80 234L'5 83 23454 IS
2J46S. ....... 40 2S815 24 22857 40
24143 16 24213 16 24240 19
24541 16 24SA0 24124732 18
24S16 1624S74 24J24322 18
25124 2425237 24125266 1«
25137 4025441 40J25513 24
25631 40 25666 16:25925 IB
2C0T8 80 26343 40l26354 24
26433 1<5 2C524 40 26673 16
26701 40 2R964 40 27059 IS
27215 16 27250 80I2741S IS
27511 16 27621 24I27S01 18
27S45 40 27856 40127965 40
23316.^. .... 162S597... «|2S642 40
28714 16I2SS60 8*28931 24
2S932 16 2S096 16123021 120
29632 16 23727 16 29779 16
J9S33 40 30014 24 30083 24
10163:,.:.... 24130315 24*30334 40
J0443........ 1 80.20473........ 24)30508 40
S0611 .1630623 16ISO745 24
JO78B 24|3G8«9 1«'31279 24
51406 80131541 80 31574 24
JUS3 24131609 80 31613 IS
J1773 16J31776 80 31823 40
J1897 1631944 16 32078 W
J2144.. 24 32228 8o'32513 24
3^624 1632700 24i32720 40
82767 16J32S53 16 331156 U
33258 16 33323 16 33378 123
33643 24 33757 16133807 IS'
J3911 43 33387 16134224 18
34226 16134434 24 34471 18
$4594 16J34613 16 34327 120
J4605 24134818 24 34878 4)
J4S93 80J34906 18 34975 16
34079 24 15095 80 35112 18
35215 15 35359 40 35373 80
25547 8O|S3564 16 33657 24
35307.. ...... 40135323 1635840 18
15844... 24I3332S.. ...'... 40 M028 18
36095 40J361J7 16 36190 24
26350........ 46 36707 16 37363 21
17*12 8i!374S5 80 373S9 1 24
57637... 18 37653 18 37J99 18
J7768 40137878 16 37SSJ 16
!S077........ .40138191 24 S84S4 18
5S570 16 38511........ J4i3$S5O 24
5S9CO 24 3S973 16 39057 15
O099 ". 16139214 24139267........ 16
W369 24|33496 16f35651 ]«
!962S.. ...... 16139655.. 16(39758.... 1)
S9918 21*39390........ 16140040.. ... ' lfi
10104 21(40123. 4040309 16
J0344 16 40363 16 4?4l0.... » 24
10470 80 40517........ 40I40554 '. 4.)
10539 24 40578 16 40806.... lfi
10623 120 40703 16 40763 H
10852 16 40945 80 41042 16
11436 16 41545 16 41554 400
11337... 24 41614 16 41763 IS
11823 40 41829 40 41893 18
I1S97.. ...... ¦ 16 41903........ 24 41961 14
12044 16 42069 16!42298 is
12320 16 42349 80I424-50 120
12590 16142643 16142648 24
12747 1642972 40143022 41
13031 16 43064.. 16 430C6 18
130S1 *0 43247 SO 43438 40
12500 24!4?528 24 43696 18
13724 16 4375« 24 43772 16
13S07.. 40 43819 40'449OO u
14032 40 44154 16 44163 H
14347 16 44416 24 44344...... 24
14636...^.... 16144S39 40 44877..; 40
I4&50 40145131 16 43194. l«
(5499 40145507 24145702.... "" 80
13770.. 24I457S5 24*45793 '.'.'. 120
15793........ 24 45945 24 46071 i«
16121 40 45421 16 45473 18
IS6K1 40 46723 24 467«O *>
16950 16 47139 16 47234 16
17433. 13 47604 24 47J37 t°
17643 24*47664.. 24 476C3 24
I7S13 16|47994 16 48024 «
18134 -40 48181 16 4S201 . «a
1*320 16 4S4S1 24 48652.... '.'.'.'. l«
18713.. ...... 16 4S743 24 48SS8 80
19071........ 24 49140 24 49179 24
19243........ 16 49297 16 49457...." 24
19«19 16 49850 24 Z *
>0125 24 5WS4 24 50681 M
5O6S7 16150699 16J50735..".. 4ft
24130064... 16151115.. ji
•1S42.. 40151365 24151788 ." u
:2015 24 32020.. ...... 2415206* ig
'•2124 . 24 52133 40152137 »4
•C24O 16|52310.. • 211523S3.. IS
.2381 ' 16152549 241628C4... .."." 24
>2S23 -80152984.. W'SSOOS lit
>K50 40153263 8ois3267 1«
S3S20 1653723 l«!- r >3753.L!III" 18
S760.. 16 537S7.. ...... .24J5S831.. ..I!.. {«
i3951........ .40153359 24I54OIS..." JS
54131.. ...... 16 54177 16154301 '..'. lg
S4»1S: 16 54322 16 5-1329 16
H334 16343S1 " SO! 54399 Si
54473........ 24 54603 24154640.. ..'.'.'.'. 1*
54T40 16,54S52.........,16j54933 18
5.-.OC3.. ...... 16155047 .M'55150 .. 1>
*213... . 21'55244... :.... 24J55428. I 16
•C.171. ....... 24 S54S5 16!35531 24
>5672 .4055743 ' 16|55903 k 18
vSS6.. 40 55993 1MI56000 1«
SS06L. .:.... ' 16 36111........ 120(56119 i«
i<!151 24 I 56177........ 40!3«231 SO
JC2J1 ' 16156332........ ; -24' L 5«433 16
?F453 4(M5658S • 24136634 go
,6746........ 24J57201.. 16I37273.. ...... ]«
)7E)4.. .-.:... 16I5774S........ 40I37S32 14
i7?4S J0J57S65 18!37913 i«
i79Sl 24I5799O.. 16|5S070 24
IS124, 16!r>S237 .... 40:5?J14 i>
1K323.. ...... 21J5S374 16I5S545 U
1S564 .;...... SO 3S910.. .:.... 18I3S91S.. ;..... gA
»023.. .'.'.... 16 39331. 16153423.. ...... S)
.9435........ 16?5?674 24'59«?3 120
iS.730.... 1*153737 1SI39SSS..; ,.
W«6 -24!60462-. ...... 24 6OC5!> in
W40.. ....:. 40'60850........ 24'61C«S..:.... Ti
11224.. .V 16161292 WnVS. ....... J,
71424 4!>l615fi5 24!6159«........ IX
!lS34... 40:61630 24161727...... . »V
;i'.34 24161927 80»*1943 ...... " IS
K026.. ...... 24'62P64 16;«2l4l^... ii
;2»5::...... 16;62«7.. ...... 24:626C?.;.....* Ji
X624. ......: - 16162644......:. - 1«!«26S7.;.... {i
C01%. 24163044. 18i63137...... * Ja
t^ISl.'. 24J63327.. .:.... S0I8S378 " , !i
S567.. ...... 40163684 24163744...; " ii
2732 Zl!62S29. 8OI64M1 " «
•4082:!...... 18161279 16i«4341 Jj
.4414........ 40I644S4. 2l!«46«..;..- * Ia
i4S23... 16643S4.... 16J63013 II'V'SJ
S,(39 16J65075 4(I!65O9<J..... ¦' ,i
S5175.:...... 24 65323........ V 18 65340.....;. go
15341 80653f.S '24!«5614..... * 40
;...:.; 4000 656S5.. ;..... 24|5570i;.....-"{ J5
£704... 16163725... is!«579<5 • i«
£SS7. .;..... 8OI65S71 .:.' -16IS6153 40
1*177.-.:.-.... 16 6«2«V. J*6634l..^ M * : 40
:fi462....-...: 801S6551: 16 66590....^.. 1«
£733........ 16I66737..; 16 «6773........ UA Copenhagen special says: The lead
ers of the- syndicate of merchants ¦who
are petitioning the Government to make
Investment of Danish capital profitable
in the Danish West Indies declare thev
have no Intention of agitating against the
sale of the islands to the United States.
Their idea is to develop the islands in thj
event of their not being sold.
A Paris special says: According to ad
vices from Dahomey the Moslem tribes
are openly preparing for rebellion. They
refuse to recognize the sovereignty of
King Toffa and the Governor has been
obliged to suspend his tour of the north
cojhntry. He has asked for the recall of
the functionary alleged to be responsible
for the situation.
To Develop the Islands.
"I attach the greatest . value to the
Marconi - system of communication with
my base. Of course, I shall stick to the
ship as long as possible," he said, "but I
shall be prepared to leave her and make
a dash for the pole."
Moslem Tribes to Rebel.
"My plan," he said, ''Is to start via Be
ring Strait, follow Lhe coast of Siberia
and enter the ice between 165 and 170 de
grees east longitude and then push north
as far as the ice will permit. If the ship
attains a better position than the Jear
nette I expect to reach the pole and re
turn within three or four years. This will
not be as difficult as the Jeannette found
it because the polar basin has now more
openings than formerly. My plans include
not only reaching the pole but sound sci
entific observations not heretofore com
pletely achieved. The ship will be deliv
ered at Vancouver in ample .time. She is
an improved Fram pt.o. includes all the
best and latest devices of the antarctic
vessels now building 1 . Twelve or fourteen
men jvill accompany me.' Many have of
fered" themselves from, the United State3,
Canada and elsewhere.
LONDON, Jan. 16.— Captain J. Elmer
Bernler of Quebec, who has volunteered
to make a voyage of discovery to . the
north pole by a new route and by aid ot
inventions of his own for Ice traveling,
has practically completed his arrange
ments In England and will sail for Canada
in a few days to submit his ideas to 31r
Wilfrid Laurler. : f~-'^
Plans Not Only Include Beaching the
Much-Sought Point, but Scien- -,••
tific Observations as
Completes Arrangements for
His Exploration in the
North.
BERNIER HOPES
TO REACH POLE
STOCKTON, Jan. 16.— Bert Wilson, a
clerk in Hale's store, ""was set upon bv
three men* late ;last nightlon" San Joaquin
street, between v Mormon Channel I and the
Santa Fe passenger station, and ' robberl
of a watch, after being brutally beaten
about the head and face. He was confined
to his bed to-day. and iz suffering, consid
erably from his wounds.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 16.— John Carter
and Charles Bird 'pleaded ' guilty this
morning to; the charge of burglary and
were sentenced to , Folsom for five years
Bird Is only 18 years old and Carter but 19!
The two are 'members of a youthful gane
who have entered a number of stores In
the remote sections. of the city, stealing
smoking . tobacco, chewing gum, candy
and small quantities of, cash.
Brutally Beaten by Footpads.
Young Thieves Sentenced.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 16.— Constructor
Bowles will succeed Admiral Hichbom as
Chief Naval Constructor on March 4, the
date of the latter's retirement.
Will Succeed ; Hichbom.
Prospective oil investors from Pennsyl
vania, Ohio and Indiana oil fields are ar
riving at the scene by every train and ths
excitement over the 'Jiscovery Is increas
ing." Prices cT- land- in that locality an?
still climbing up, but s?me of .ne wealthy
oil syndicates that have already been
formed are willing 1 to pay the fabulous
prices tha.t are asked and some big dea's
for leases and purchases of lands outright
have already been made. \
AUSTIN, Texas. Jan. 16.— Colonel L. J.
Polk, general manager of the Gulf, Colo
rado and Santa Fe, arrived here, to-day
from Beaumont, where he visited the
great oil gusher. He says the discovery
Is unquestionably a world-beater and is
only the beginnings of many other equally
wonderful wells which will be found In
the same locality as rapidly as drilling
rigs can be shipped there and set to
work. Colonel Polk says the daily output
of the well at the most conservative esti
mate Is 15,000 barrels of oil and that many
reliable oil well experts who are on th.i
ground assert that the flow Is as great aa
25.000 barrels dally. There are three Joint
owners of the land UDon which the well
Is located and their ahare Is one-eighth
of all the oil produced' in this well or anv
others that may be drilled on the -land.
When Colonel Polk left Beaumont the oil
had formed a lake coveiing from fifty to
75 acres and many feet In depth. • It Is" be
lieved that the waste of oil Is compara
tively small owing to the character of.th-i
earth forming the bottom. of the oil lake.
Beaumont Is Pronounced World-
Beater by Experts.
Gusher Recently Discovered - Near
OTX INVESTORS ARE
,/¦ FLOCKING TO TEXAS
While the work of repairing the Pomona
was going on William Adams of Oakland
had his leg broken. He was taking down
some staging when his team backed up
and crushed him against the ship's side.
He was attended to at the Harbor Hos
pital and sent to his home by the Ship
wrights' Association.
The steamship Pomona, that was In col
lision with the schooner Fearless, also got
back to port yesterday. She will be re
paired and will sail again to-morrow for
Eureka. The Fearless " is being repaired
rapidly and will make a third attempt to
reach Guaymas next week.
The big collier Victoria got in from Pu
get Sound with a big list to port yester
day. She was caught in a heavy south
east gale soon after passing out through
the Straits of San Juan del Fuca and was
thrown on her beam ends.- The cargo of
coal shifted to port, and although the ves
sel quickly righted herself, still the list
could not be overcome and she came in
like a duck with a broken wing.
The steam schooner Rainier also made
port after being about five days coming
from New Whatcom. She was also caught
In the Flattery weather, and for a couple
of days it was Impossible to make any
headway. -
Raging Off Flattery.
Some of Them Were Caught in a Gale
STORM-TOSSED VESSELS ARRIVE
The Eva has been off the river for four
days in the storm and was blown a few
miles north of the heads. Off Grays
Harbor the derelict was seen on Sunday
morning. The Eva bore down upon the
schooner and was within a few yards of
her, but the name could not be made out.
Both of the vessel's masts were gone,
and she was so far submerged that her
decks were awash. There was no sign of
life about the vessel, and it is almost cer
tain that her crew has perished. The
schooner Is painted white and is of about
150 tons. Captain Petersen expressed the
belief that the schooner was wrecked very
recently.
ASTORIA, Ore., Jan. 16.— Another coast
ing schooner has been ¦wrecked at sea and
the derelict is now drifting about off the
mouth of the Columbia River. Her masts
are gone, her decks are awash and her
crew . doubtless has perished. -The name
of the derelict has not been ascertained.
News of the Ios3 of the schooner was
brought to port by Captain Petersen of
the German steamship Eva, which arrived
to-day frojn the Orient. s ¦ ¦
Special Dlsi>atch to The Call
German Steamship Eva En
counters a Derelict
at Sea.
SIGHTS WRECK
OF A SCHOONER
The plaintiffs claimed that the defend
ants discriminated against them In favor
of merchants doing business at San Fran
cisco by a joint tariff maintained by the
defendants between Portland and points
in Idaho and Utah on the line of the Short
Line Company; that this tariff operated
to discriminate in favor of San Francisco
merchants, because the rates prescribed
by It are the same as those charged under
a joint tariff made by the Southern Pacific
and the Short Line companies on freight
from San Francisco to these same Idaho
points, the distance from San Francisco
being much greater than from Portland.
It was further alleged that under a for
mer tariff a less rate was charged for
the greater distance to Ogden than that
charged to the intermediate points in
question. :;;;*¦
A demurrer to the complaint was sus
tained on the ground that the two lines,
that from Portland an'd that from San
Francisco, were competing lines, and that
the relation which the rate over one of
these lines bears to that over the other
is not subject to control by the courts,
and that the lower rate to Ogden could be
a matter of complaint only to the places
discriminated against, Portland being in
no way unreasonably affected thereby.
PORTLAND, Jan. 16.-In the case of Al
len & Thomas, representing the whole
sale gTOcers of Portland, vs. the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company and
the Oregon Short Line, United States Dis
trict Judge Bellinger this morning sus
tained the demurrer to the complaint,
thus practically deciding the case in. the
defendants' favor.
Federal Court's Ruling Fa
vors San Francisco
Wholesalers.
DECIDES AGAINST
PORTLAND'S CLAIM
WASHINGTON. Jan. 16.— The river and
harbor appropriation bill was passed to
day by the House. The bill has been un
der consideration over a week and has
been assailed from many quarters, but
its friends have stood solidly by it and
defeated many amendments. The bill
passed practically as It came from the
committee. It carries slightly less than
JGO.OOO.OOO, of which $23,000,000 is in direct
a pproprlations.
and It Stands Practically as at
First Presented.
Majority of Amendments Defeated
BIVER AND HARBOR
BILL PASSES HOUSE
LABORING MEN
FOR COMMITTEE
Hundreds May Serve Among
Bishop Potter's 6000
Vigilantes.
Working People Declared Well Qual
ified to Take Up the Work of
Purification of New
York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 16.— If the present
plans of Bishop Potter are carried to a
successful culmination he will have estab
lished in a few days a vigilance commit
tee numbering 6000 persons, pledged and
sworn to learn of and correct evils in this
city. Speakine to a remarkable assem
blage of all men in all walks of life in St.
Paul's Chapel last November, Bishop Pot
ter advocated the formation of fjuch a
committee.
That the organization of a vigilance
committee was a concrete, thought In the
distinguished Bishop's mind was not con
sidered when he made that address on
"God and the City." However, It has
become known that Bishop Potter had
been quietly working to bring about such
a committee, each member of which will
labor individually for the good of the city
and the stamping out of places of iniqui
ty that have grown and been fostered by
police protection.
Those who will compose the vigilance
committee, It is expected, will be gath
ered from all ranks. It is well known
that Bishop Potter has personally felt
that too little attention has been given
to the fact that the labor organizations as
united bodies and worklngmen as indi
viduals have enlisted to assist In the
reformation of the city's evils. In the
vigilance committee now organizing there
will be hundreds' of laboring men, who,
better than any one else, know of the
overrunning of immorality In the far East
and West Side tenements, where the
homes of honest workingmen are found.
Bishop Potter said last night:
"No man is better qualified to take up
the work of purification than he who tolls
to support his wife and children. It was
in a realization of the value of the man
representing labor that when I was asked
for my advice about the formation of the
committee of fifteen I said, 'At all events,
let there be at least two representatives
of labor on the committee.' "
Californians in New York.
The following Californians are In New
York: From San Francisco — W. H.
Cameron, at Murray Hill: D. McMillian.
at Cosmopolitan; J. Swlnnerton, Astor.
From Los Angeles— W. . R. Green, at
Park Avenue; M. J. Newmark, at Savoy.
DETECTIVES WATCHING
FOR SIGMUND HERTZ
Confidential Clerk of a- New York Dry
Goods House Accused of
Embezzlement.
NEW YORK, Jan. 16.— The police de
partment announced to-day that the'man
to be arrested in Liverpool on a charge
of embezzlement is Sigmund Hertz, who
was employed as a confidential clerk by
Stiefel, Sachs & Co., wholesale dry goods
dealers. Hertz Is accused of robbing his
employees of a large sum of money by
means of forged checks. He took passage
on the steamer Corinthian under an as
sumed name on January 7 at Portland,
Me.
The English detectives have been fur
nished with a complete description of
Hertz and have been requested by Cap
tain of Detectives Titus to arrest and hold
him until requisition papers can be ob
tained. The checks, it is said, were prin
cipally passed on the Chemical National
Bank, where the firm kept its accounts.
The amount has been variously esti
mated at from $50,000 to $200,000, but the
Assistant District Attorney said to-day
that he hardly thought the amount would
reach the first figure.
Trans-Mississippi Cattlemen's Asso
. ciation May Soon Be Organ-
SALT LAKE CITY, Jan. 16.— The dele
gates to the convention of the National
Livestock Association were slow In arriv
ing at the hall this morning and. before
proceeding to the regular business Presi
dent Springer read an anti-shoddy resolu
tion that was adopted by the executive
committee last night. The resolution calls
attention to the extensive use of cotton
and shoddy in what is put into so-called
"woolen goods" and calls the attention of
representatives in CongTess to the fact
and asks them to provide and enact such
legislation as will prevent fraud in mar
keting the manufactured article as wholly
of wool.
A committee was appointed to investi
gate these conditions and present them to
Congress. The resolution was adopted.
O. P. Updegraff of Kansas then deliv
ered an address on the "Benefits of Horse
Shows to the Horse Industry."
At the conclusion of Updegraff's ad
dress the Hon. George Q. Cannon of this
city, who has Just returned from a visit
to the Hawaiian Islands, addressed the
convention, his remarks relating chiefly to
the early history of Utah.
Mr. Baker of Illinois moved that the by
laws of the association be waived and that
the convention pay tribute to the memory
of the late Philip D. Armour and extend
to his widow and family the profound
sympathy of the convention- Unanimous
ly adopted. The Kansas City Livestock
Association has prepared a similar resolu
tion, which will be acted upon to-morrow.
At the afternoon session Mr. Stickney of
Wyoming offered a resolution to the effect
that a petition be sent to Washington for
the establishment of an additional signal
service in the Rocky Mountains.
Colonel John F. Hobbs of New York
spoke on "Oleomargarine vs. Dairy But
ter." Hobbs was followed by Hon. D. W.
Willson of Illinois with an address on
"The Buttered Side of the Question." At
the conclusion of Wlllson's address t he
convention adjourned until to-morrow.
To-nlpht the visitors were entertained
at the Tabernacle with an elaborate musi
cal programme, given by the famous Mor
mon Church Choir, consisting of 500
trained voices. .;.-<.
A large number of cattlemen have been
discussing the question, of organizing the
Trans-Mississippi Cattlemen's Associa
tion as an auxiliary to the National Live- |
stock Association. Mr. Lusk of Califor
nia, in speaking of the movement, said:
"It Is not In opposition to the Nationar
Livestock Association, of which we will
remain members, and which we help in
every way possible."
A committee has been appointed to ar
range the details of the organization.
Aotion Taken at the Session
of the National Live
stock Association.
PROTEST AGAINST
USE OF SHODDY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, JANUARY 17, 19017'"
5
\r TBIS EMPOBIU3L | THE EBIPOBIUM.
I
$ tffe B - ¦ From one-quarter to one~ J
£&££& 4ls§* h al f less than - regular S
i^d?&MMt£Sr& prices, I
j| ;——. —^ i
& *» £$"& en OS Ml ' £
v sfir m e3*8bj BclJ$9 agnHs Har *
J. B TTllir tsOHSf VA jsa Jt
%7 5c Lap Boards 53c Ladies* 53.50 Shoes $2*37*
J Bed Sheets. 36c to 56o Ladies' $2.50 Shoes $1.69%
«£ 25c Ribbons. .-.14c yard Misses* $1.35 Shoes $1*O9j£
J^ 10c Tennis Flannels 7YiO 2OC Pompadour Combs. 10c*
*^ 20c Mottled Flannels .......... ffo Picture Frames. . . One-third off%
a;ioc Printed* Flannels ......... 7]/zO Framed Pictures.
tv Lace Curtains . . . . . . . Half Price One-quarter off*
Neckwear. .;. .Half Price Bissel's $2. 50 Carpet Sweepers. ... S
j£65c Stamp-d Shams.-. . .... . . .42c $fm89%
Ladies' Syringes $1,20 Turkey Feather Dusters 19c*
* 45c Toilet Soaps: 25c 7 OC French Coffee Pots 49o%
* 25c Veiling, Qq yard 65c Cocoa Door Mats 49o%
7 Clear Havana Cigars for 25Om' : :t:,. \
K Men'? Overcoats OnB~ quarter offm j5
»; Men's $ 12. 50 and $15.00 Suits for $10*75* J
# Ladies' Jackets, Suits, Waists and Skirts about Half* £
% Winter Millinery Half and LcSS. jj
t» Undermuslins and Children's Wear Reduced OnQ-tMrd* •*
CALIFORNIA'S LARCEST-AMERICA'S ORANOCST STORE. J
h > . ¦ . „*. , • . m%
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
KOUTIIERII PA«ltri«J t'OHPAIT.
. (PACIFIC STSTSM.)
Tr»lM ¦•»?•> >»"«• *»r* Un» Xm ivrrtv* m%
¦ AN ritAN€lM<;o.
(Vain Line, Foot ot Market Street)
LKAVB — From JiSOiEl 1. 1301. — *»»iti
"iSOa BenieU. StiUun, Ekalra. VaeaTHle,
Ramsey and btcmnento 7il5r
~;1«A Datis. Woodland. Knights Landing.
MarysTille. Orotllle. 7i43p
¦fiSO* Atlantic Kipress— Ogdeii aad Eul 13il.!i>
»:«iia M*rtiner. b.iu lt*'uou. Vullejo. 2i*pa,
Oallstogs autl H*nt» Rom f}il3p
8>ooa Niles, Lltermore, Tr»cy, lathrop,
Stockton TilSr
•:30a BhMt» | xpress-DkTis, WIUluu (for
Bartlett Springs). Wlllowi, Red
VluC. Portland. 7i*3p
ItBOA Ban Joss. LitermOTe. Htockton.
Inn* Hacrameutu. PlaeeTTlU*,
MitasTille, Cbleo. Itwl lilult 4MV
NiSOa OakiUlp. Chinese, Mouora. Carters... 4il!»r
»:UOa U»y vr*rd« t Niies sod War SUtloni. 1 It 1.1*
U:ti<» a Los Angeles Eii>ress — Martinez.
Tracy, Lathrop. Htocktoa. Msioeu
Fresno >nd Los Angeles TtlSp
0s3»A Viillrlo, Martlnex anrt Way Station* Bi43p
l«iOOATheOTerl%ii<llitnited-Ogd«n,D«a.
Ter. Omaha, Chicago *xV\t
IIiOOa NUes. Stockton. Hacrsmento, Men-
dota. Fresno. Ilauloid, Vballa,
PorteMllle ««I»r
IIiOOa LiTennore, Banger. Ooshen Jan>
Uon. Bikersaeld. Los Angeles
tliO«p9«orm4inmtoia»erSte»m«r»... ...... !•»>•«*
a««>»p llaywartU. Niles »nd Way Btetlons. »i4Sp
liNiir Hutlun, H»u lUmon. Vallejo.
Nspn, CalintoK*. Hunla Itosa »iIS»
4itt«rll«ulcla, Winters, aaorarasoU^
Wuodiautl. KnUhU Landing.
Marr»'Ul«, Onifille !••«»*
4i3«P Haywsrds. Mies a»d Han Jos». ...... t»"*2*
3:00p Niles. Urennore. Stoektnn. Lodl ... 10145a
aaiOOFHuMet Limited. El Paso, ittnr -
Orleans and East. «1#i15a
StOOrTho Owl Limited— Tracy. Viasoo.
Bakersnelil. Htnpii for Santa Bar-
bara, Los Auselcs. ¦•»»3*
OiOOr New Orlean* Express-Uakerflleld.
.HanU llirliir*. Los Angtles. Dem-
Ing. El Puo. New Oileaus and
1U«» 7»4!»»
S<oor Hirmda. Nil-* and *1»u Jom 7>4»a
tO:Ol»r Vallejo ll»»4
BiOorOfiental Stan-Ogden. Chejenne.
Omaha, Chicago Mil3r
•:OOp Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denter.
Omaha. Chh»ao. 4tl3r
7i«Or Otrgon and California KipreM.Hao-
rmnmito. Msrjsillla, llmMIng,
1'ortUiiil, I'uget So.iml anil Kask 8i*.1*
¦:».1p Stn Pablo. Port Costa, Mtrtinex
and Wi> Stations 1 Ii4,"l*
l»8Oap V»lli-}» 7t4»p
iUAST DIVISION (Narroir (•ante).
(Foot ot M»rket Street.)
»«l»ANowark.Ceiit«ir»illp..S»oJoa«,l?ellon.
Boulder Ctcok.3ai.la. Ortt» aod W»#
BUUons «i»»r
f4i!5r Newark. CeuterTlIIe, San Joie, Now
AlniadeD. FbUoii, lloultier Creek,
SanU Cius and Principal Way
SUUons •!••»•»
4>l.1p Newark. Ban Jos», Los Gatos su.ioa
a9:30r Hunters' Excursion, San Jo«9 and
Wsy8ta.tlon« t*i*Or
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrimSIS rilieiSGO— r»t af Mirk. I Siritt (Slip •)—
17:1 J BOO ll:00t.M. 1:03 J:C3 8:03 r.*.
frimOilUlll)— r«t«rBM«iw«j.— 1«:00 tt):OO IS.-OS
10:00*. M. 12:03 g:C3 4:03 llBr.M.
CU4ST IM VISION (Urosil <;«up;e).
(Thlnl m»d Townseml Sto.)
t«:l«\ Uce*u View, Moutb rial! »T4ucUco.. t"*^ 1 ""
1iO»a San Jo«» ».»» Way Stations (Nsw
Alin»deii \Ve>ln«»daysniily>.. li3t»P
••••a Nan Jnm. Trea I'lnos. »»U Cms.
Paeilio tSroTo. l'aso lluUies. Has
l.uls Olilnpo, Hnrf. Lompoe and
l'rincl-.'al Way .Station. 4il0r
IMi4«a 8an Jose and Wsy Stations ««:i»*
I IiSOa H+a .lone mul Wa» Sutlmis 0.3t»p
tats Sr San Matco, Kedwoort. Msnlo Park.
Palo Alto. binU Clara, Man .lose,
Tres Pinos, Santa. Cms, Salloaa.
Mouterey and l'acillo flrots tt*l3«4
t»t»»r SaaJoseamt Way Stations 7s ?? p
f4tlSr San Joae and Principal Way Stations »:43*
43>OOr Sao Jos*. Los Gates and Principal
Way SUUons ~ t»iO«*
SiSAf Ban Joie and Princlpsl Wsy Stations Ss3.1*
8i»nr San Jose aiul Way.Statious !•:««*
gltt4ap8an Joagtn.l AVay Statlona 7i3ttp
AforMorniur- P for A f ternoon. -
t Hnnday excepted. 1 amniay only.
f Mondars, Wedaesdays, Fridays.
c Tuesdays, Thursdays. Sondar*. -•
a Saturday only.
Are You
Interested in
Mexico?
We are thinking of running
a cheap excursion to Mexico
about March ist. Do you
care anything about it? Let
us know if you do.
F.W. PRINCE,
Santa Fe Agent.
641 Market St.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vl« Sausalito F«rry.
Commencing September 30. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAJLLJTT
AND SAN RAFAKL.
WEEK DATS-«:55. •9:15.11:00 a. m.. •*:«.
»:15. 4:00. 5:15. »6:W. >:40 p. rn. •
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesday* aad Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
EUNDAT3— 'S:**. *10:00, *UM a. m.. 1'Ji,
»:15. M:*5. •:«». »:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to Sao Quentla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCX3CO.
WEEK DATS-«:20. »«:S0, 7:45, 9:» a. bbl,
•12:30, 1:«. »3:30, 4:30. 5:» p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. WedacadaTs
and Saturdays at C:45 and 10:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— <:20, •3:00. 'WrtXt ni:** a, m.,
•1M0, *2:15. 4:45. »«:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) "tart from San Qnentta.
FROM MILL- VAIXET TO BAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK E»AT3-*:4S. «:43, 7^5. •:» a. na..
EXTRA* TRIPS on ¦ Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8-.05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 1:U, IM,
8:00. S:45 P. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
. SJ55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturday v-Tomates aad wty
stations.
g:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomalas aod way
stations.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
+ • -t-
I Quick \
:and :
! Comfortable ft
-?¦ ¦ • >
> >
+ >
+ She's fast, "?"
. but charming.
+ To know her is to -f
¦?¦ know the limit — "?"
+ +
| California ' I
| Limited , ;
J ON THE SANTA FE J
+ >
CALIFORNIA NORTflWESTERN RY. CO.
LjESSSS
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON FERKY-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEKK DAYS-7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35. J:30.
8:10, «:S0 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m.
EUNDATS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:39, 6:00.
6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEKK HAYS- 6:1U. 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:«5.
1:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:5»
and 6:35 p. m. •
EUNDAYS-8U0. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park,
fame BCfcedule as above. ..yi-'.v.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | Nov. 7. 1900. | San Francisco.
'week I Bun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days.' I Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato. 110:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluroa. I «:05 pm 10:25 am
S:10 pmj 5:00 pm Santa Roaa. I 7:35 pm t:SS pm
Fulton.
7; JO am Windsor, 10:35 am
Healdsburr.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
8:80 pm g:00 am Cloverdale. T:3g pm 1:11pm
7:30 ami j Hopland j I
. | 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 8:22 pm
7:30 am I 110:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm]
8:80 pm | «:« pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
" and
8:10 pm 5:00'pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm 6:2} pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:35 am
3:30 pm| 6:00 pm| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect nt Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
GeyserviU* for Ekaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at ' Hopland for Duncan
Bprincs. Highland Springs, Keiseyville, Carls-
tad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlott
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Lierley*s, Bucknell's,
Eanhedrln Heights. Hullville.Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. • Westport, Uaal.
Wllletts. Laytonvllle. Cummlngs, Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. I
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San- Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle build-
in*. R. X. RYAN,
•H.-C. 'WHITING." Gen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manager.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran. 7:t0 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton . 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno ... 2:10 p 2:35 p 3:06 a
" Hanford. 4:Z2p 3:27 p 7:0« a
I " Vlialla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
•• Tular* ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfleld . 6:50 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. Ctty 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago ....:.... 2:15 p 9:0Op
a for morning, p for afternoon.
»:00 ft. m. train la the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnin*
Cars through to Chicago.' Chair Car runs
to Bakersneld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
: responding train arrives at 6:56 p. m. dally.
4 :20 p. m . ts Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through ' Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper. ¦ ¦which cuts oat at fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives) at 6:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakerxfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Office* — Ml Market street and . In Kerry
Depot. San Francisco; 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land. ¦ ¦ ,¦•:¦ -,-
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABXY ST. Established
In 1834 for the treatment nf Private
Dl.tfuses. Lost Manbood. Debility or
dNease wearlngon hotly and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcures'when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
<¦«»!-«»• cuarmitred. Call or write.
Or. J. F. UIDBU.\, tsau Francisco. Cal.
.-"•:.--. . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ '•, ¦¦: ¦ .~-jr
Nine Years Later His Cure Remained
Permanent.
In a later letter, written January 1, 1899,
Mr. Hattenberg-er says:
"/ am in splendid health at present
and I am not in need of any medi-
cine. However, I always keep a bot-
tle of Peruna in my house. Some-
times I catch a little cold, but a few
doses of Peruna stops that right away.
"It is through Peruna that I enjoy
such good health, and I recommend it
to all who suffer from catarrh the
same as I did." — Peter Hattenberger.
Peruna Is a Natural and Efficient
Nerve Tonic.
Peruna strengthens and restores the
activity of every nerve in the body.
Through the use of Peruna the weakened
or overworked nerves resume their
natural strength and the blood vessels
at once begin to regrulate the Sow of
blood according to nature's laws. Con-'
gestlons Immediately disappear. All
phases of catarrh, acute or chronic, are
promptly and permanently cured.
It Is through its operation upon the
nervous system that Peruna has attained
euch a world-wide reputation as a sure
and reliable remedy for all phases of
pelvic catarrh known as female ailments.
It Is the best. If not the only, internal
remedy for pelvic catarrh ever devised by
the medical profession.
The Home of Peruna, Columbus, O.
Mr. B. Martens of Sigel, Wis.. writes:
"For some time my wife had been sick.
She was very thin, had no appetite, could
not sleep nights, and was troubled with
conBtipation.
"The physicians we consulted said It
•was dyspepsia. One of them said It was
catarrh. She could get no relief until
she began to take Peruna and Manalin.
Before she had taken half a bottle of
each she was conscious of a marked
change. .
"She began to sleep at night, appetite
came back, bowels were regular, and
now, after taking live bottles, she is en-
tirely well. She looks like a new woman.
"We cannot say half enough in praise
of your medicines. The physicians we
employed were very much surprised when
they learned that Peruna and Manalin
cured my wife."
There are no substitutes for Perufia.
Peruna is the only systemic catarrh
remedy on the market. No remedy be-
fore the public to-day can boast of as
many complete cures as Peruna.
Send for book of testimonials. . Address
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus,
Ohio.
| a* HF^t^hH?^
— -- S5^5fw3 1 t&SwaS 3 2*
TZ. il SrTQSjSkk 1 1 JbStSMEk _• m
CO q MMBh^J^^HH Tl °
z *» !^^ ***w *^ IlVi BLw J v k@b1 ° "
TONG F»O CHY,
j*£5!q&. EucceBSor to Dr. LAI PO TAI
gBm&B^. graduate of Canton Medical
tJ J 55r rr .^W3B» College, after a very eucceaa-
UF^^D lul practice cf many years In
&* i$3S7 China, has located in San
h»<, y r Francisco. The surprising and
U V t) rnarvelous cures effected by
uj\ ff his herbs demonstrate their
BTA potence and his skill. Thes»
J/M* jfcViL herbs cure ovpr 400 different
0mj&!2J?5t£\ diseases, including Brlghfs
'SKraM^ Disease. Diabetes. Consump.
»««2ife»^ tlont Asthma. Paralysis. Brain.
Nerve, Cancers. Tumors. Blood. Male and Fe-
male Maladies. All persons afflicted with any
kind of malady whatsoever are Invited to call
Office, 727 Washington 8t: Office hours— » «_
m. to tl m., 1 to S p. m. : Sundays, 10 a. to. to
12 m. Accept grateful thanks for effecting a
cure of asthma of several years' standing.
A. PARLEY. San RafaeL
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
To Cure the Grip in Two Days
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets.' •
WHAT the skin Is to the outside of
the body, the mucous membrane Is
to the inside of the body. Every
orgran. every duct and passage of the
body Is lined with mucous membranes.
A general flabbiness of these mucous
membranes constitutes what Dr. Hart-
man calls systemic catarrh. A person
with systemic catarrh cannot stand ex-
ertion. He is all tired out. He Is ner-
vous and fldg'etty. He Is sallow and de-
pressed. He has little zest for life and Is
unfitted for business.
Miss Irene Akerman, a prominent dra-
matic reader of New York City, writes
the following letter:
>TEW YORK CTTY,
20 West Fifteenth Street.
February 7. 1900.
The Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus. O.:
Gentlemm — "Irately I have devoted my-
eelf more to art work than dramatic
"While illustrating, I
<dQ^^^ ppent much of my
Jfcf^^^L time naturally ln-
C^.f"Jt^i\ doors, which taxed
/fi<*l\jl\5L me RTcatly. I felt
V^jiTaSeKw the absence of Rood.
X >ik«59»#??$ frA«h air and sun-
Mf *""jr V s t Fhine. When much
JPT /Sfi I run down, I re-
y(j\^ "wi, solved to Five Pe-
y%^5»5SPte runa a trial. I am
\jSsm """SSftjBav. now so "well that I
1 'iPSL* feel * rnust arid my
&%r$£rj fit- testimony to that nf
itfvW w * others, out of prati-
J[rti^\^ -J7"£m*&* 1^ tude for my resto-
V* -j " ,**^»v5/ '' ration and preser-
vation." Irene Ak-
M!m Irene Akercan. erman.
In eystemlc ca-
tarrh there Is more
or less catarrh of every organ In the
body. The catarrh may have originated
in the head and throat, but it has final-
ly pervaded the whole system.
It produces a wretched condition. The
mucous membranes of the whole body re-
fuse to do their work properly. Sight,
hf-arir.g and taste are slightly affected.
The iungrs are weak; the voice husky. The
tonsils are red and inflamed. The stom-
ach does not digest food well. The liver
acts sluggishly.
Suffered From Catarrh, for Nine
Years — Was Cured in Five
Months.
From letter? written by Mr. Peter Hat-
tenberger of Porterfield, Wls., we quote
extracts as follows:
August 1, 1S90.
Dr. S. B. Hartman:
D«?ar Sir— "I have been suffering with
chronic catarrh about nine years, and it
has now pettled on my lungs and I have
a!) the symptoms of consumption.
"Dec. IS. 1SS0.— I am Ftili following your
advice end am getting along well.
-Feb. 12, 1S91.— I am still improving in
every way. The catarrh Is leaving my
hear! and throat.
"April 27. 1S31.— I am still using your
medicine. My health is improving right
along, my appetite is good, and I feel
better than I have in five or six years.
"Aug. 28. lSC-1.— I am rid of the catarrh
rcw, and feel perfectly well and happy."
— Peter Hattenberger.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
J C WILSON & Cfl m Battery Street.
J. W- niLJUH a Vd.. Tele phone Main 18*4.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IAS RflYFSfcftl * hl PP!nK Butchers. IM
JA3- DUICjdWU- Clay Tel MaJn ia^
OILS.
kUBRICATTTCG OrLS. LEONARD & KLLIS,
<18 Front et.. S. F. Phone Main 171S.
PRINTINQ.
E. C BDOHES, n , a£gg?g^ s . r .
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JCDD CO..
23 First *t.. Ban Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te! c%£ hlc PABTfilDCE ** t mU
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, gg^g
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at H» GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is the Be«t Coal In th»
market- OCioe and Yards — tSO Main street.
#^BIKKB*Jr** m Big O la a noo-poUonoia
Ttratxli for Gonorrhoea,
/B8&rinltoli*'*y& White*, unnatural dis-
B*Tf cot u> itricwr*. — tion. I riution or tilcera-
P^ 'gPrtTcnu eoptvpon. tion -f mucon* tntm«
fTElT-KEEuKSCHtWlSHCa. brsnee. Xon-aBtringent.
\jm& CHeiNKin o tgtgl S©1« by I>roirr»sta,
Vti^^H «1.00. or 3 bottles. |2.T3.
¦ Ci »l*r eeat en mwo*L
APVERTTSTnVTENTS.
MANY GREAT MEN
And Many Accomplished Women Recommend
Pe-ru-na for Chronic Catarrh.
CONGRESSMAN A. T. GOODWYN OF ALABAMA.
, . $,
Hon. A. T. Goodvryn. Congressman of Alabama, in a recent letter to Dr.
Hartmaa, from Robinson Springs, Ala., says:
"/ have now used one bottle of Peruna and am a well man
to-day. I could feel the good effects of your medicine before I had
used it a week, after suffering with catarrh for over a year."
A. T. GOODWYN.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOW
•MANY
DOCTORS
HAVE YOU TRIED?
And how many worthless, so-
called free, or trial treatments,
and other worthless money -grab-
bing schemes have you endan-
gered your health with ?
Why not grasp the friendly hand
which Dr. Meyers & Co., the
great specialists for men, now ex-
tend to you ? During the past 20
years these reliable physicians
have cured thousands of men whose
condition was far worse than your s.
The great majority of the large
number of patients they are an-
nually restoring to health and
strength come at the recommenda-
tion of friends who had been cured
by them. Experience and skill
alone have brought- D/. Meyers &
Co. into fame and popularity.
Their institution is the largest and
best equipped, their effective rem-.
edies are never harmful, and they
do not treat incurable cases. •
Dr. Meyers & Co. 's " Bank De-
posit Guarantee" insures the re-
turn of money if patients are not
satisfied.
For full particulars, private book-
let, etc., call or write. AH our pre-
scriptions are carefully compound-
ed by competent pharmacists in
private laboratory, free to pa-
tients. No charge for consulta-
tion and advice at office or by mail.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
"y *^ 1 MARKET STKEET,
£ •-# M SAN FffAJVCrSCO.
Hours, 8 to 5 daily.
Take Elevator. Evenings, 7 to, 8
Sundays .9 to 11.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Chicago
tn 3 Days
San Francisco At 10 A. M.
Chicago, Union Pacific
:& NortkrPVestern Line
J~\OUBLE Drawing- r f(oom SUtping
I J Cars, Buff tt, Smoking ar.d Library
-*-*^ Cars, with barber. Dining .Cars — ¦
meals a li carte. Daily Tourist Car
Service and Personally . Conducted Ex-
cursions (vsrv week from ¦ San Francisco
at 6 p. m. The best of everything.
H. #».' RITCHIE
817 Market St. General Agent Pacific Cbast
Palace Hotel SAX FRAXCIsCO
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
- .Leaves San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry:
WEEK DAYS... .9:16 a. in.; 1:43 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS.. .....8:00. 10;C0. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare, San Francisco to Summit ° and return,'
SI 40.
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. 621 Market St., Sausalito Ferrjr.Old subscribers as well as new are enti
tled to the offer. In the city, by applica
tion at the business office, to any of the
district agents or to carrier, full informa
tion can be obtained. ¦ Throughout the
State and other coast States Call agents
will furnish Information and take orders.
Don't overlook It!
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
FASHION HINTS FROM PARIS.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— A. B, Wil
liams and wife of Santa Barba/ff are at
the National; Miss R. E. Cowan of Los
Angeles. Alfred O. S. Kaife. Madam F.
Vzay and H. B. Miller of San Francisco
are at the St. James; C. A. Kelton is at
at the Arlington; Mrs. J. B. Fetter, Miss
D. B. Fetter, Mr. and Mrs. H. G. Max
well, of San Francisco, are at the Ebbltt.
PERSONAL MENTION
Dr. Julius Koeblg of Gilroy is at the
Grand.
J. "W. Henderson, banker of Eureka, is
at the LJck.
W. A. Hardy, a mining man of Seattle,
Is at the Palace.
State Superintendent of Schools Thomas
J. Kirk is at the Palace.
W. D. Pennycook of the Vallejo Chron
icle is at the Occidental.
J. F. Clapp, a Chicago mining man, is
registered at the Grand.
L. T. Hatfield, an attorney of Sacramen
to, is stopping at the Lick.
E. Hurlbut," lumber man of Aberdeen,
Wash., is registered at the Occidental.
G. E. Kennedy, an extensive Iron manu
facturer at Llvermore. Is at the Grand.
A. F. Wood, a promlne/u manufacturer
at New Haven, Conn./ is at the Occi
dental. /
Mrs. r>r. Ij. Mercer, a prominent phy
sician of Minneapolis, is a late arrival at
the Palace.
Rev. Ellis Bishop, rector of St. Paul's
Episcopal Church at Seattle, is spending a
few days at the Occidental.
Captain J. B. Overton, superintendent
cf the Virginia Water Works at Virginia
City, is a late arrival a.t the Russ.
George E. Morse, clerk of the United
States District Court, has returned from
a visit to his uncle. President McKinley,
In "Washington.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
CIGARETTE HABIT-L. J.. City. "With
regard to the cure of the cigarette habit
by hypnotism. It is necessary only to say
that hypnotism is will power, and if the
victim of the habit of smoking cigarettes
will use his own will power he will con
quer the. habit.
DOES NOT ACQUIRE TITLE— O. S.,
Lakeport, Cal. The fact that a man.
with the consent of tha owner of a piecj
of private land, builds a house thereon
and occupies the same without paying any
rent does not give him any title to the
realty. He is simply a tenant by courtesy
and he may be required to move from
the land at any time.,
A NOVEL-H. T. W. 8.. Peters. Cal.
What a publisher would allow you "for
an historical novel at par with 'Richard
Carvel' 'Janice Meredith/ 'To Have and
°.A old ',i. and v,° forth -" could only be
told by the publisher Rfter a perusal of
the manuscript and the probability of
PRESIDENTIAL 3UCCESSION T -Post
office Employe. City. If a President of the
United States who has been re-elected for
a second time should die before the Sen
ate declared the election the office would
be filled by the Vice President: but In case
the Vice President was dead or unable to
act then the office would be filled by suc
cession under the act of 18S6. This pro
vides that in such a case .the succession
shall pass to the Secretary of State, then
to the Secretary of the Treasury then
successively to the Secretary o< War Sec
retary of the Navy, the PostniasterGen
a> Aw he Salary of the Interior and
fhe Attorney General. If at the time set by
Congress for counting the ballots and de
claring who had received the hlirhest
number of votes for President and Vic- •
President it should appear that the one
who had received the highest number of
votes for President was dead, there Is no
law or precedent for what would be done
as the question ha a never arisen. The
duty of Congress through Its proper offi
cial is to declare the result of the votes
cast in the several States and whether the
House would have the rieht to elect in
question that has never been decided
Gas Consumers* Association. 344 Post St., re
duces gas bills from 20 to 40 per cent. Gas and
electric meters tested. Electrical department.
All kinds of electric work promptly attended to. •
New Santa Pe Train.
Ths new Santa Fe train known as the CaU
fomia Limited affords sarvlea very much »upe.
rior to anything ever before offered to Coast
travelers. . •
All of these ewear offs it Is understood
generally refer to the new year and not
to the new century.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men bv the
Press Clipping Bureau <Allen'a>. 510 Mont
gomery at. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fratt*. 53c »
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap b.n
kets. A nice present for Eastern frlenda.
C39 Market street. Palace Hotel bulldlnz. •
Wllgus oil burners. Office and salesroom
514A Mission street. Telephone John 2406. •
Choice candles. Townsend's.Palace Hot?:
Magistrate (severely)— How could you be
so mean as to swindle people who put
confidence In you?
Prisoner— Well, yer Honor, Til make it
worth something to ye If you'll tell me
how to work them as don't.— Tit-Bits.
Towne — Newman took part In an auto
mobile race not long ago.
Brown— That so? How did he come out?
Towne — On crutches, about a month
later.— Philadelphia Press.
He— I asked your father's consent by
telephone.
She — What was his answer?
He — He eaid: "I don't know who you
are. but it's all right."— Harvard Lam.,
poon.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Cahill — "Was the strike a success?
Cassidy— It was. After being out «lx
weeks we succeeded in gittin' back out
Jobs.— Puck.
Mrs. Statestreeth— DM she marry her
first love?
Mrs. Stockyarde — Oh. my. yes! Her
first, second, third and fourth. — Norrls
town Herald.
Church— "Where in the world do j you
suppose those Bellevn© Hospital nurses
have graduated from?
Gotham— West Point, perhaps.— Tonkers
Statesman.
Bill— Did you read about those West
Point fellows? ,
Jill— Yes; they seem to think that tabas
co sauce ought to make redhot soldiers.—
Yonkers Statesman.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Wilhelmina's Will.
Queen Wllhelmlna declines either to put
off her marrfagre or to be married in
mourning-. There's real lovable feminin
ity for you. The woman who doesn't be
lieve in signs when it comes to a ¦wed
ding Isn't flt to bo a Queen, much lesa to
get married.— New York Press.
Growth of Savings Banks.
In 1S16 the first savings bank was estab
lished in the United States. In 1S20 ther*
were ten banks of this class with 8633 de
positors. In 1S90 there were 942 savings
banks with 5,678,000 depositors and dpposlt*
to the amount of $2,230,000,000. How many
savings banks, how many depositors ar,<t
what amount of deposits will mere be in
2001?— St. Louis Star.
TJncls Sam in Wall Street.
The enormous transactions in TVa'l
street are putting money In the purse of
Uncle Sam. When stocks are bought an.i
sold to the amazinsr total of more than
two millions of shares in a slnsle day ||
Is estimated that ihe Federal treasury
is the gainer by some $40,000 or more In
its revenue from transfers. And the Na
tional Government profits largre.y froi.i
the buying and selling of high-pri<»oa re«i
estate. Verily, these are golden days for
the Treasury Department at \V ashlngton.
—New York Tribune.
Negro Burning 1 .
The Columbian Centinel. printed at Bos
ton, December 31. 1800. the closing day of
the eighteenth century, contains an ac
count of the burning of two colored men
In South Carolina and moralizes upon toa
shocking occurrence with great indlgnn
tlon. It does not believe thi.t such out
rages will long be tolerated. But vrhm
would the writer have said had he ben
told that after the lapse of a century such
horrors would still be practiced, not alon:
in Southern but in Northern States. an<!
that the growth of education and civiliza
tion for a hundred years would effect M
change in the inherent cruelty of human
nature?— Chicasro Tribune.
Galvestcra's Future.
The city of Galveston enters the new
century with a stride that shows no lack
of nerve because of its recent misfor
tunes. The Galveston News of January :
presented an elaborate statement of th>?
commerce of tha port, a resume of the
damage done by the .storm and an out
line of the progress in rebuilding the towv
Since the hurricane $2,253,600 has been
spent there in rebuilding. That the port
has not been in the least damaged In th •?
export trade is evident from th* fact that
October, November and December, 1300,
show an Increase in valuation of export*
over the Corresponding months of 1S3'J.—
Springfield Republican.
PLAIN MORNING COSTUME
The skirt of the costume represented Is
of. plain crimson cloth trimmed. with three
rows of. mohair braid and made with a
wide, flat pleat behind. The jacket is
elaborately embroidered with the same
braid. The collar and lapels are of
astrakhan.
Much satisfaction has been expressed by the poli
ticians of St. Paul at the discovery of a man who has
a barrel of money and wants to be United States
Senator. The delighted statesmen would probably
resent any insinuation that they wanted the barrel for
other than purely educational purposes.
A New York orator unbridled his tongue the other :
day and shouted that Europe has become the back
yard of the world. The metaphorical gentleman prob
ably had in mind the fact that the nations have been,
washing a great deal of very dirty linen lately on the
premises of our European friends. ;
The young man of this city who dissipated his
money on the racecourse and then stole books with
which to buy food might have been better off if he
i.ad sought some mental and moral food a little ear
lier in his experience.
The surgeon of the transport Grant, who is to be
prosecuted for smuggling, should have known that it
is not a light task for one to learn a new trade, par
ticularly a hazardous cne, in a day/ He should stick
to his knives.
An American citizen who was subjected to gross
outrages by Portuguese authorities in South Africa
demands $100,000 in damage's from Portugal. Under
the law which makes a principal responsible for the
acts of his agents England ought to be forced to pay
the bill. . ~.: r : :. • .
The West Point cadet who was asked to tell whether
his conduct to, his weaker fellows was barbarous,
brutal or cruel made the natural answer when he re
plied that hazing was cruel. It is a wise barbarian or
brute who can see himself as others see him.
A bill has been introduced in the Legislature to
prevent legal sharks from robbing the estates of the
dead in administration. The Chretien case should be
reasonably good evidence to show that the Penal
Code already supplies an adequate remedy.
The young lady of this city who drank half a bott.c
of whisky in order that she would not become morbid
should have been candid and declared that she had a
very serious purpose of becoming drunk.
The Hobson family, of which the . lieutenant is . a
distinguished member, seems doomed to : fame. A
cousin. of the hero of Santiago and many kissing fe
males is accused of having bribed an army officer.
The local pool-sellers appear to have been van
quished after a long struggle with the authorities. - It
might now be well for the Police Department to make
some effort to suppress gambling.
Y~} RITISH newspapers are noting with considcr
r*\ able satisfaction certain statistics showing a
*—* rapid increase in the cultivation of fruit in Eng
land. Cheap grain of all kinds and cheap meats
shipped from foreign countries have made British ag
riculture a very dubious industry for many a year
past, and it now appears that v in some districts the
land-owners arc converting their fields into orchards.
In summing up the reports on the subject the
Westminster Gazette says: "Three years ago the area
under fruit was so nearly stationary that in 1808 bush
fruits showed only the infinitesimal increase of thirty
nine acres. Last year the increase was 1773 acrea,
while this year it has again risen by 2254 acres, and
orchard lands have at the same time increased by
3526 acres. The increase is not very great as yet, but
it is progressive, and, taken in connection with the
yearly shrinkage of cereal areas, is significant."
The planting of so many additional acres of land
in fruits is perhaps an evidence that agriculture in
England has about reached its limits. Growing bush
fruits may be more profitable in that country just now
than any other form of rural industry, but it can eas
ily be overdone. Moreover, as facilities for transpor
tation increase it will not be very long before such
fruits can be imported from abroad more cheaply than
they can be grown at home. Then the orchards will
be atfout as unprofitable as the wheat fields or the
pastures.
In fact, it seems the British will hardly be abj*
much longer to maintain any of their agricultural in
dustries in the face oj the competition permitted by
unrestricted freedom of trade. The British them
selves understand that well enouirh. and there is even
FRUIT GROWING IN ENGLAND.
PACIFIC EXPORTER.
WITH every new demand for special information
along lines not covered fully by the general
newspaper there comes promptly a periodical
to supply it. The expansion of Pacific Ocean com
merce with its stimulating effect upon the trade of
San Francisco has created such a demand on the part
of our manufacturers and merchants, and accordingly
the required publication has come. It is called the
"Pacific Exporter," and is under the editorship of
E. Ellsworth Carey, who, it is announced, has spent
two years in the Orient and is well posted on trade
topics in that part of the world.
The first number of the publication is a very attrac
tive one, not only in appearance but in contents.
It contains a sufficient number of illustrations to give
it liveliness, but the real object of the paper, that of
giving commercial information, is not sacrificed to
pictures. In fact, the table of contents is sufficiently
notable to carry the publication to success even if it
were less handsomely illustrated than it is.
We cannot at this time have too much in the way
of information concerning Pacific Ocean trade, nor
too much in the way of stimulus and encouragement
to our enterprising men to embark in it. Consequently
the Pacific Exporter is sure of a cordial welcome to
the field of trade journalism in California and bids
fair to attain there a success that will fitly reward
the efforts of its promoters!
WORDS OF GOOD PROMISE
/
PRESIDENT HAYS of the Southern Pacific
Company made a good impression upon the
public by his brief speech at the annual meet
ing of the Chamber uf Commerce. He did not say
many things, but what he did say means much to our
city and our State, and it is gratifying that in the very
simplicity and directness of the language there is evi
dence of a sincerity and an earnestness that give con
fidence in the speaker and in his assurance of a desire
to co-operate with the people of California for the
tdvancemer.t of all their commercial and industrial
interests.
After expressing his satisfaction and pleasure at the
cordial welcome given him in this city, President
Hays -.vent on to say: "I am not going to do more
than express my appreciation of that welcome, and
to say to you that I expect to make my home with
you. I want to be one of you and to be regarded as
such and to have you. feel that at any time, if there
ere any matters in regard to which the Southern Pa
cific Railway can work to mutual interest with you in
the development of the coast and of your business
interests, we shall at all times be only too glad to
give those'matters that consideration and that earnest,
careful regard which our mutual interests require."
President Hays may be sure the people of Califor
nia will gladly confer with him upon the mutual in
terests of the State and the raihoad. They will re
ciprocate every effort he may make to bring the
sometimes seemingly antagonistic interests of the two
irto complete harmony. Our people have not asked
o? the railroad anything more than justice and co
operation in all efforts to increase our industries and
expand our trade through the transportation which
that preat transcontinental system affords. In times
jiast the Southern Pacific Company, in this State at
least, has apparently been "much more intent upon
doing politics than upon doing business, and one of
the chief reasons why President Hays has been so
cordially welcomed here is that his coming promises
to be the beginning of a better order of things.
Under such circumstances the simple statement of
a frank interest in California and a cordial desire to
co-operate with the merchants of the city was better
than a long oration of vague promises would have
been. We do not at this time need a programme
from the Southern Pacific so much as a friend at the
liead of it, and that is what President Hays evidently
intends to be. His speech, therefore, despite its
brevity, was one of the most gratifying utterances of
the year, and has increased the cordiality of the wel
come with which Calilornians receive him as a fellow
citizen and a fellow worker.
AGRICULTURE IN flLflSKfl
SPECIAL AGENT GEORGESON of the
United States Agricultural Department, who has
recently returned from Alaska to make his third
annual report of the results of agricultural experi
ments there, is reported from Washington to be quite
sfinguine that Alaska will eventually be able to pro
duce all the food supplies necessary for the mainte
nance of a white population.
The experimental work which during the first year
was carried on mainly at Sitka has now been extended
uj* the coast as far as Cook Inlet. It consisted in
attempts at the cultivation of a large variety of cereals
and vegetables, and it is said that considerable suc
cess has been attained at many points.
The Washington correspondent of the New York
Sun, in giving an account of Professor Georgeson's
experiments, states: "He says that grain may b:
matured almost anywhere in the coast regions. He
brings samples of ripe barley, wheat, oats and rye,
some of which was grown twenty-five miles inland
?nd as far north as Cook Inlet and the Copper River
region in 60 degrees and 61 degrees north latitude.
Flax sown at Sitka attains a height of over three feet,
matures its seed and produces fiber of excellent qual
ity. On the. Kenai peninsula 320 acres of land have
been reserved for agricultural experiments and wheat
has been matured there. Kadiak and neighboring
islands and the large region westward is covered with
abundant grass, and cattle are being successfully
raised."
Of course too much in the way of expectation must
not be based upon these reports. It is one thing for
a Government to raise grain and vegetables in Alaska
by way of experiment, but it will be quite another
thing fos an individual to undertake it as an industry.
Still the results attained are unquestionably encour
aging. In her minerals and her fisheries Alaska has
resources of great value, but the cost of providing
food/ supplies for the persons operating them consti
tutes a serious difficulty in the way of their develop
ment. If therefore Alaska can produce vegetables,
hay and grain sufficient for men and animals working
along the coast the progress of the Territory may be
much more rapid than even the most sanguine have
c:cpectcd.
Wre^-i^gg^ (Sail
THURSDAY JANUARY 17, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Hint* 111 Ce=Ktr:ctticBi to W. 8. LEASE, Ktsiger.
ftg A?f A Cg Klt^^O y FICI5 . . . - . - » -3^5* T^P^^^^.J!^-" 1^..^.^.
}'L'ULICA1'1U.\ OFFICE..^MnrUrt «nd Tblrd. S. K.
Telephone Prea* 201.
CniTOniAI. nonMS S17 to 221 SteTrmon St.
Telephone Prena 202.
Delivered »•«• C*rr!er«. 15 Cent* Per Weelc.
Slnirie Coplen. 5 Cento.
Term" *>t Mall. Including Postniret
SAXX.T CaLT, (including Sunday), oce year $«..*>
CAILT CALL flnciudlnic Sunday). « months I.M
DAILY CALL Onchjflln* Sunday). 3 month* i.V)
CAILT CALL-Bjr £iccl« Month «»?
EUNDAT CALL. One Tear 1.53
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear l.W
Ail poilmiilm are-anfhorlred to recelre
¦ nbscrfptlOBK.
Bajrpl* copies will be forwarded rrben requested.
Mad rBbfcrfberr In rrflTinic chanr* or «<Mre<»» •«*>'-nia >*•
particular to rfvu both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS! in crder
to incur* a prompt and ccrrect compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS nroadirar
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
¦TiBtftr 7(rtiga AtTertising, Karqnctt* BcilSing, Ck!ctg»,
(Loca- Distance Telepnnn* "Central 281».">
NEW TORK COURESPON'DENT:
C C. CARLTO\ II era Id Sqaare
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITnrnr.V U. SMITH 3O Tribune Ralldlnx
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS: *
VraJdt-rr-Astoiia. Hole!; A. Brentano. a Union Squar*:
Murray HSU Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STAND?:
Efcermmn House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Frencnt House; A.uflltortusa HcteL
M'ASHnGTO^ CD. C-> OFFICE 140« *5 St.. ST. W.
WOUTOS E. CRA.VE. Correspondent.
1-
RRAJfCn OFFICES— 427 Montgomery, comer of Clay, opm
until t.ro o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until t:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, cpen crtll S:SO o'clock. €15 La r kin, open until
•SI o'clock. 1S41 MlEStcn. open until 10 o'clock. K61 Market,
eerner Sixteenth. cp*n until t o'clock. 1C?3 Valencia, open
until » o'clock. 10« Eleventh. <S>en until 9 o'clock. NW. cor- '
n*r Twer.ty-eeeond «rsd Kentucky, cpen until 9 o'clock.
EUROPEAN PROBLEMS.
HENRI DE BLOWITZ, the famous Paris, cor
respondent of the London Times, is not among
tne optimists who prophesy, peace for Europe
in the near future. He perceives in the prospects
ahead not only signs of war, but reasons for believing
that war is inevitable. He has summed up his
opinions on the subject in a paper in the current
number of the North American Review, under the
title, "Coming Events and Present Problems," and
furnishes strong arguments to justify his gloomy view
of the situation. : .
The article opens with a declaration, that
Europe, and particularly France, is suffering from
social parasites, who are consuming its substance and
destroying the vitality of government. To them are
to be added as further evils in society the shiftless
and idle classes, and a third type of man to which he
gives the name "poseur? and whom he describes as "the
man of universal pretensions who is always ready with
an explanation, always ready to redress everything,
and who fancies he has the right to occupy any place
and play any role he fancies."
It is asserted that the malady caused by the ihree
bad social types "must be eliminated by France and by
aU Europe if France and Europe, who are suffering
diversely therefrom, would escape perdition," and it
is added: "In my opinion the problem of the sup
pression of this malady of social parasitism is to-day
the most pressing and serious one with which the cen
tury now opening will have to deal."
¦ From that point the writer goes on to say
he does not believe the twentieth century will equal
the nineteenth in the greatness of its achievements for
humanity. He says: "The new century will have to
continue and complete the inquiries of the old one,
to consolidate its work, and to shed more light across
the still obscure portions of the realms already dis
covered but not yet sufficiently opened up."
Then follows a passage of warning: "I catch
glimpses in the twentieth century of wars on wars
throughout its entire span. If the United States is
swept away by the wind of imperialism it must make
ready to sustain during the coming century formidable
struggles in order to assimilate what is still wanting
to the satisfaction of its imperialist dreams, and no
time should be lost in the preparation of the means
which will permit the serious realization of this ideal."
The source from which Blowitz expects the first
wars to arise is Austria. He says: "In the center
of Europe I see war break out on the morrow of the
death of Francis Joseph. There is not a single re
flecting being who can suppose that at Francis Jo
stph's death, the marvelous mosaic which from the
Austria of yesterday has become the Austria-Hungary
of to-day will continue to remain what it now is."
The struggle for the partition of the Austrian em-
Fire when once it begins to go to pieces will'involve
all the nations of the Continent. Germans, Slavs,
Hungarians and Italians will each demand a province,
and the French and the Russians will be irresistibly
drawn into the contest. One of the greatest wars of
history will follow, and when it is ended there will
be a new Europe.
Such is the forecast for the century made by one
of the acutest observers of the times. It closes with
a statement of more than ordinary interest, that the
supreme work of the twentieth century will be the
discovery of the full meaning and potency of elec
tricity. Blowitz says: "The solution of all the
problems which are tormenting the human mind is
bound up in this one. This solution will suppress
frontiers, change the aim of armies, subject the plane
tary spaces to the human will, modify altogether the
faith of the race, and give in general to the efforts
of its intelligence a fresh direction and an object as
yet undreamed of."
ASSEMBLYMAN BRADY'S resolution pro
posing an amendment to the constitution for
the purpose of providing for the regulation of
telephone rates may or may not be a good measure
advocated from an honest intent for the public wel
fare; but, whatever be the merits of the resolution
or the motive that prompted the author, it will have
at any rate the good effect of at once attracting pub
lic attention to the need of devising some system for
the regulation and the taxation of telephone corpora
tions.
It will be remembered that hardly had the new char
i ter of this city been adopted when it was discovered,
too late, .that telephone companies are exempted by
it from municipal regulation. The astute Mr. Pills
bury, attorney for the company, with the acquiescence
of Mayor Phelan, had worked the scheme upon the
voters and put the charter through with that glaring
defect in its terms.
Being thus cunningly saved from municipal regu
lation in this city, the managers of the corporation
have resorted to tactics equally cunning to evade
taxation. The main office of the Pacific States Tele
phone Company was removed to Portland, Or., to
escape State taxes, and the main office of the Sunset
Telephone Company was removed out of this county
for the purpose of escaping city taxes.
It will be seen that under the existing order of
things the telephone company is virtually absolved
from all duties to either the city or the State. While
all other corporations dealing in what are known as
public utilities are subject to municipal supervision
and regulation, that corporation is free, and while
ether property-owners have to pay taxes to the city
and to the State the property of the telephone cor
poration is largely exempt.
Upon that showing it is clear something must be
done to bring the telephone corporation under the
laws of the State and the city as other corporations
are. It must be made subject to proper regu
lations and must be compelled to pay its fair share of
taxes required to sustain the State and municipal
government. Up to that point there can be no dis
pute, and consequently the people look to the Legis
lature to take action upon the matter at the present
session.
The Brady resolution comes from - a suspicious
source, for the author is so close to Martin Kelly
that but little confidence can be placed in his pro
fessed zeal for the public good. It may be the resolu
tion has been introduced solely for the purpose of
forestalling another and perhaps a better bill, or it
may be it has been put forward merely to be with
drawn after it has served some purpose of its author
and his friends. All of these probabilities must be
taken into consideration by the Legislature. The
honest members of both houses should study the reso
lution closely and watch carefully every step of it;
progress. The issue is one of the most important of
the session, and care should.be taken to see that it be
not cunningly sidetracked.
BRADY'S TELEPHONE BILL.
now a strong movement in favor of imposing customs
duties on imports of agricultural products. To do
that, however, will be to put a burden upon the neces
saries of life, and the workingmen of the cities object.
Consequently we have the experiment of trying to
make British lands profitable by planting bush fruits.
-THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, THURSDAY, JANUARY 17, 1901.
MORE GOOD WORDS
FOR CALL'S ATLAS
Subscribers, Old and New, Taking
Advantage of the Offer.
THE CALL'S offer of Cram's up-to
date Historical and Geographical
Atlas of the World is being taken up
with avidity. Hundreds and hun
dreds of people throughout the State
look at it in the same light as Super
jntondent Brown of Humboldt. Their tes
timony to the same effect is being taken
daily in each of The Call's local agencies
throughout the State. Subscriptions are
piling in on all sides to such a'n extent
that the force in the circulation depart
ment at the home office has been doubled
and its work'keeps piling up.
All of which g-oes to show that the peo
ple of California know a good thing when
they see It. "Knowing the great value of
the older editions~"bf Cram's Atlas of the
World," as Superintendent Brown eays,
it requires no puffing to convince any
*>ne that the 1D01 edition— the exclusive
handling of which on this coast has been
confided to The Call— Is a marvelous work,
worth a great deal more in itself than the
small premium at which It Is offered. Its
maps are the latest, compiled as they are,
from the most recent data In the Topo
graphical Office at Washington and from
charts In the possession of the Royal
Geographical Society in London. Its maps
and plans qf modern cities -are so plain
that one could walk the streets of any of
them with perfect familiarity, after a few
hours 1 study of the atlas. Its 550 pages
teem with data inaccessible otherwise, ex
cept after much labor and long delay.
6
To Cure the Grip in Two Days
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. •
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W . Butterfleia — This day. at 11 a. m. and r p.
an.. Oriental Rugs, at 3;S Gutter street.
Er A. TV. Lo'jderbacl:— Th\i day, at 11 a. m. and I p. m.,
OriectaJ Rupi. at £\Y. corner Ceaxy and Stockton streets.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar — "Ne!l Gwynne."
Cc'.umbia— "War Down East."
Tivo'ii— "Cinderella-"
Centra! Theater — "The Two Orphans."
California— "A Breezy Time."
Orcheuin— Vaudeville.
Cra.r,3 Opera-house — "The Rcgue't Comedy.'
AJhambra — "A Stranger In a Strange J«r.i. '
Olytnpia. corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chut'-s, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venlns. •
Flsrher>— Vaudeville.
Met ropolitan Temple — Benefit performance for families of
Class Works accident.
Metropolitan 7>mrle— Lecture by Rev. Peter C. York?,
Thursday evening. February 7.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Races.
lpNEXTg=
gjSUNDAY'Sgj
= ~ ».={;, A i.L 111
/// Is San Francisco in the Grip \\
y/yy of "The .Green Terror"? \\\\
/y/yyyy What Sort of a Creature Is A\w\
/ ///V/// By GRACE FEKN - ws\\\v\
yy/yyyy. The Queen of Portugal as a SwvvvsX
//////// Heroine. \v\\a\v
yyyyy/y Notable Examples of Hazing. XWV\V^
/yyyyyy Our Bes ?t -ear-Hunting VOO^NNV
//W//A fi y Fiye S «n Francisco Sportsmen. VVvoS^Vv
/yy/yyy/ What Some of Our Wealthy WOOOvsN
yyyyyyy, B °ys- and Girls Desire to \\V\W
/^yyy/y Be When They Grow Up. AV\\w
yyyyyyy Peck's Bad Boy and the \VVVVW
////// Groceryman in New York. \OO$A\
//// Completion of the Coastline VWVA special "new century" edition of the
North End Review has been Issued. There
are special articles by Andrea Sbarboro,
A. Ruef and Joseph A. Stultz and other
pleasing features. ,
Issues New Century Edition.
Eminent Pasha Harry Levison has com
manded the Orientals to attend a dance at
Golden Gate Hall Oasis on the evening o?
the 24th • lnst. , for which great prepara
tions has been made. The caravan will
pass at the hour of 9. when the moon will
shed its luster over the scene.
The Orientals.
California Limited.
No extra charge is made for riding on the
California Limited of the Santa Fe, although
the superiority, of the service is really worth
something more. • •
Mrs. J. Hazard's Clothing Set on
Fire by Explosion of Coal-Oil
Lamp.
Mrs. J. Hazard, residing at 1419 Guer
rero street, was severely burned about
the head, face and back yesterday by the
explosion of a coal-oil lamp. She was in
the act of lighting the lamp when the
oil. exploded, setting fire to her clothing.
The. fire was quickly extinguished. Dr.
McDonald was called in and dressed the
injuries. He pronounced Mrs. Hazard's
injuries not necessarily fatal.
SEVERELY BURNED ABOUT
HER HEAD AND BODY
Whist experts In New York are earning
good salaries by teaching the game.
Teaching poker to amateurs, however, it
Is thought, pays better.
The student who begins a chronological
study of the plays will first be struck by
the different suhjects that at different
times inspired Shakespeare's interest. In
essence. Indeed, there Is no change: from
first to last he was occupied with the
world of men around him. with their fol
lies and caprices as truly as with their
aspirations and their fate. Tn the first
group of plays the scope of his interest
is already clearly defined; he is concerned
with the pa'sslon that makes tragedy,
with the chances and weaknesses that are
the subject matter of comedy, and with
the great pageant of history that best
presented men in their outer activities.
At this time, however, Shakespeare's In
terest, broad as it was, centered on su
perficial matters: on the fun of trick and
affectation, on the physical tragedy that
revolts the sense, on the large movements
of history from which characters has as
yet hardly begun to emerge. But in his
next group of plays the young dramatist
had passed beyond a perception of the
superficial and accidental to a wide and
profound knowledge of the real life of real
people. Yet, though everything touched
his interest, and though everywhere he
saw deep into his subject, he paused long
est over the patriotic themes of history
and the joyous irresponsible life of youth.
Thus it was In.the creation of histories
and comedies that his art most character
istically expressed Itself. In the histories
we see reflected not only the great page
ant of battle and of court that appealed
f>o strongly to the Elizabethans, but tha
great men that then lived— and that large
ly because of Shakespeare still live— In
the memory of English-speaking people.
The comedies, however, most clearly re
veal the variety and vitality of Shakes
peare's interests at this time. The fairy
beauty of ".Midsummer Night's Dream,"
the rough bolsterousness of the "Taming
of -the Shrew," the wisdom In folly in
tho latw comedies show different phases
of delight In the mere living of a life
detached from immediate moral issues.
To thia mood Falstafr, gives Immortal ex
pression, though his pathetic fall from
royal favor may hint, ns does the under
tone of tragedy in "The Merchant of
Venice," at a growing sense of the deeper
import of men's deeds. ¦
In the plays of the next group this per
ception of the vital issues of character
conditioned the range of Shakespeare's
sympathy. With the writing of "Julius
Two darinp thieves, for whom Captain
Seymour and his men are earnestly
ppnrchlng, a short time ago broke open
the specimen case in the Mint and stole
a costly collection of rare coins.
The theft was not rllpcovercd until sev
eral hours later and the police were at
once notin>cl. Des-pite their efforts thy
hold thieves are still at larg". The police
believe that the crooks awaited an op
portunity when the watchman was mak
ing his rounds and forced open tho case
containing: the rare upeclmcns, presuma
bly with a "jimmy."-
Yesterday tho head of the detective de
partment notified all the brokers in tho
city of the* darli:g crime and warning
them apalnrst purchasing the stolen coin*,
which are valued at several thousand dol
lars.
Expert Thi§v«s Scare
Booty Worth Several
Thousand Dollar.
STEAL VALUABLE
COINS FROM MINT
Lieutenant and Mr?. C'rlrnmlns left yes
tprday afternoon for Del Mont?, where
they will spend their honeymoon.
Miss Gertrude Jollltf.;. Miss Virginia .loll iff e.
Mr*. Eleanor Martin. Ml?s Mary Josselyn. Miss
Anna Voorhles. Miif> Ailce Master). Miss Jen
nie \\ ilshirc MIsh AOele Hoyken. Mrs. M.
Neach. Mrs. S. Q. Murphy. Mrs. P. U. Corn
wall, MUs Ella O'Connor. Miss Cornelia O'Con
nor. MifS Elisabeth <"ole, Mrs. Cole, Miss Orace
Buckley. Walter Martin. Peter Martin, Clement
Tonin, Kdward Tobtn, Kreil 1'oeit, Bruce corn
wall, John Crimmins, Tom Crimmins. Lieu
tenant J. Harries, Lieutenant llalph Brower,
Dr. Collins it!. S. A..), Frank Gra«-e. Major
fleneral W. It. ffhafter. V. R. Cornwall. S. Q.
Murphy, Murray Baldwin ana Will Jordan.
dainty gown of white mousscllne, trimmed
with lace. Miss Florence Cole worei a
pimple and pretty dre<?s of white Swils.
trimmed with lace. She carried a bouquet
of American Beauty roses. Those who
witnessed tho ceremony which made the
charming hello the bride of the infantry
lieutenant were:
Just hero the student should take ac
count of his forces and plan his work ac
cordingly. To understand the relation of
fach of his plays to Shakespeare's devel
opment is a long task, and* the wise
reader, warned of its magnitude, will
choose for early study those works that
are highly significant in the poet's spirit
ual and artistic history. Thus he will
early form for himself a vivid idea of the
point from which Shakespeare set out asl
artist and thinker and of the stages 1
through which he progressively passed in
Ins poetic career. Of the well defined
stages or periods in his developmenf there
are four. The first, from "Titua Andron
iciis" U5$S-fcO> to "Two Gentlemen of
Verona" <159'-'-93), was a time of imitation
and experiment and bore fruit in his
earliest enmedies and in his first crude
attempts at historical plays and tragedy.
In the period between "Midsummer
Night's Dream" (139C-94) and "Twelfth
Night" (1600-01) he pas?ed quite out of his
apprenticeship nni' used a perfected art
to reproduce the vivid and many colored
life of his times. Between the writing of
"Julius Caesar" (1911) and of "Corio
lanus" (160S» Shakfspoare. whether or not
from the touch of personal sorrow, con
centrated his attention on the tragic strug
gle of men against an external fate or
their own divided natures. In his last
Ktoup of plays, from "Pericles" (1608) to
•Henry V1I1" (1612-13). he continued to
deal with the great problems of character
and destiny. But the world that he pre
sents knows no law save that of beauty,
and the plays of this time are rightly
called romances because In them the chain
cf causality is broken and intellect and
spirit reign supreme, untouched either by
weakness in themselves or by tho external
forces of nature. Thesf periods Professor
Dowden respectively characterizes as "in
the workshop." "in the world," "out of
the depths" and "on the heights."
In this broad classification of the plays
several 'are omitted bocause they are In
character transitional and should be
studied after the lines of Shakespeare's
development are clear to the student. The
best Introduction to Shakespeare would
undoubtedly come through the study of
the great works of the two central groups
— that is, of those plays which deal most
forcefully with actual life. To guide the
student who cannot conveniently refer to
the books on the subject the plays are
here given in chronological order. The
list is taken from Professor Dowden's
"Shakespeare Primer" (Macmillan), a lit
tle book of great value to any one begin
ning a careful study of Shakespeare:
"Titus Andronlcus." "Much Ado About
158S-93. Nothing," 155S.
"Henry VI," part 1, "As You Like It,"
UM-Sl. 1533.
"Henry VI," part 2, "Twelfth Nigh t."
15!H-92. 16f«-l.
•'hovo's Labor's I^ost," "All's Well That Ends
ny>. well," i«oi-o:.
"Comedy of Errors," "Measure for Meas
159t. ure." 1603.
"Two Gentlemen of "Troilus and Cressl-
Verona." 1532-93. da." 1603 (?)
"Midsummer Night's "Julius Caesar," 1501.
Dream." 1553-04. "Hamlet." 1602. ,
"Richard III." 1503. I 'Othello." 1604.
"Romeo ami Juliet," "Lear." 1605. -i
laM-97 (?) "Macbfth," 1606. '
"Richard II," 1594. "Antony and Cleopa
"Klng: John," 159S. | tra," 1S07.
"Merchant of Venice," "«"orlolanim," IMS.
15!>*. "Tlrnon of Athens,"
"Henry IV." 1597-98. 1607-8.
"Henry V," 1399. "Pericles." 160S.
"Taming of the "Cymbellnp." IMS.
Shrew," 1597.- "Tempest." 1610.
"Merry Wives : of "Wlbter'a T a 1 e,"
Windsor," 1598 (?X 1610-11.
"Henry VIII," 1612-13.
"Read the plays from beginning to end.
Know everything that the greatest of
English poets has written," Is perhaps the
most fruitful 3dvice that can be given to
the young student of Shakespeare. Yet he
hardly begins to act on it. hardly comes to
uhderstand something of Shakespeare's
infinite knowledge of life and of the in
finite variety of his art, when he falls Into
a state of perplexity at the Inconsistencies
and contradictions that confront him. It
seems at rirst sight impossible that the
poet who delights in the boisterous farce
of "The Comedy KDf Errors" should com
prehend the spiritual struggles of Hamlet
or that the elaborate and artificial dia
logue of "Love's Labor's Lost" should come
from the same hand as the poetry of "The
Tempest." If the multitude of questions
such as these suggested by even a super
ficial reading of Shakespeare remain un
answered, we rcay Indeed wonder at him
as the "myriad-minded" of the world's
poets, but we can form no idea v of his
orderly mental and artistic development.
Only when we consider each play in Its
relation to h»« other works, and remem
ber the time and circumstances in which
it was written do we begin to understand
tho genius of the great dramatist, who
was from the. firEt interested In the whole
o* life, yet was constantly passing on to
a deeper comprehension of its Issues and
to a finer sympathy with its vicissitudes.
The chronological study of the plays has
inspired scholars to the most careful re
search; yet so universal and vital Is the
interest involved in Shakespeare's devel
oping art that even the general reader
may find In its study the means to en
lighten and enrich his knowledge. Lack
of reference books, as well as want of
requisite scholarship, will, it is true, pre
vent him in great part from study of the
more or less purely external evidences of
the dates of the plays — entrances in the
register of the Stationers' Company; ref
erences in writings of the day to the time
and circumstances of the presentation of
a play; allusions to the plays, quotations
from them or imitations of them in con
temporary writers, and references in the
plays themselves to historical events, or
quotations from or allusions to contem
porary literature. The internal evidences,
on the other hand, depend chiefly on the
lareful and intelligent study of the plays
themselves. They are, moreover, as their
name implies, so integral a part of Shake
speare's work ti:at they appeal at once to
every open-minded reader. Kor elementary
study they most naturally center around
Shakespeare's widening interest In life
and around his growing power as an
artist.
XXIV.
Caesar." If we may judge .hy the testi
mony of his works. Shakespeare's Inter
ests at once narrowed anii intensified
themselves. Full of action, as prays of
this time are, they are wholly concerned
•with a losing struggle of man -with hi*
fate. This concentration on the tragic
aspects of life bears fruit in the power
with which the secrets of character are
grasped and portrayed. The dramatist
now occupies himself w^th the study of
human nature, not in it3 spontaneous
self-expression or in its practical effec
tiveness and force, but in those struggles*
with destiny that reveal the very secreu*
of the soul. The questions suggested In
these plays are solved in those that fol
lowed them. It is at least true that.
though still Intent on the study of hu
manity, Shakespeare could in his latest
plays regard men as complete in their
own intellectual and spiritual existence
and so creating a world above tho possi
bility—or necessity — of final loss.
There is a perennial fascination in
tracing the change in Shakespeare's plot
structure ana characterization from the
comparative artificiality of his earlier
dramas to the freedom, and even th«»
license, of his latest years. The subject 13
too large to allow of more than sugges
tion; but the student interested in it will
find the careful analysis of the plots and
a thorough Investigation of the means of
character portrayal as delightful In them
selves as rich in suggestion of Shake
speare's growth. The development of his
art naturally accompanies tho widening 1
and deepening: of his sympathy with real
life. The time of interest in crude horror
or superficial humor was inevitably the
season of artistic Imitation and experi
ment, with a comparatively artificial plot
structure and characters lightly sketched
and somewhat conventionally grouped.
Even the doubt as to Shakespeare's part
in the authorship of "Titus Andronicus"
and "Henry VI" forces the critic at once
to consider hia relation to the drama of
his time and the means by which he at
tained to an early independence in his art
Brit Shakespeare passed with marvelous
speed from his tentative craftsmanship to
the complete mastery of dramatic tech
nique, and from the beginning of the sec
ond period of his work we can best trace
his growth as an arti3t by noting: the
molding of the form to the thought that
inspires H. The student who Is interested
in the subject will do well first to study
carefully one of the earliest and one of
the latest of the plays of Shakespeare's
independence. "The Merchant of Venice"
for instance will show his perfected art
and the point toward which earlier ex
periments had tended, while "The Tem
pest," one of his latest playa, will throw
light on many points In th« workmanship
of the intermediate dramas.
A test of the date of a play more simple
and evident than its plot structure or
characterization is found in its verse. In
his youth Shakespeare habitually used
blank verse of the more formal type, with
a proportionately large number of rhym
ing couplets: In his last dramas he prac
tically dropped rhyme and used a blank
verse that varied as widely as possible
from the norm. Blank verse consists of
unrhymed iambic pentameter, or lines
made up of five iambic feet. The accent
thus naturally falls at the end of
the verse, the sense often ending.
or pausing somewhat, at this point.
A characteristic example of his ear
lier verse, adhering closely to this*
typical form. Is shown In the following
extract. Tbe accents are given to show
more plainly the nature of the lines:
A heavier task' could not' have been' Impos'd'
Than I' to speak' my griefs' unspeak'able':
Yet, that' the world' may wit'ness that' my end*
Was wrought' by na'ture, not' by vile' offense',
I'll ut'ter what' my sor'row gives' me leave'.
"Comedy of Errors," act I, scene 1. 11. 32-36.
Perhaps the. most important way in
which Shakespeare later modified the
verse was by the running of the meaning
from line to line, thus adding infinitely to
the variety of poetic effect. The strength
of this tendency appears in the fact tnat
the proportion of run-cn Iine3, or lines at
whose close there is no break in sense, is
in "Love's Labor's Lost" a little less than
one «n eighteen: in "Winter's Tale" a lit
tle less than one in two. To realize the
effect of this change one must read aloud
a number of passages, but the following
selection carefully compared with the pre
ceding one will at least suggest this char
acteristic quality of the later verse: <
By accident most strange, bountiful fortune.
Now my dear lady, hath mine enemies
Brought to this shore; and by toy prescience
I find my zenith doth depend upon
A most auspicious star, whose Influence,
If now I court not but omit, my fortunes
Will ever after droop.
"The Tempest." act I, scene il, 11. 17S-1S4.
Another peculiarity In Shakespeare's
later plays Is his ending the line by an
additional unaccented syllable. The double
or feminine ending of which the following
lines are an example is a common form of
this:
This night he meaneth with a corded ladder
To climb celestial Sylvia's chamber- window.
Besides this "double ending" an unac
cented monosyllable is often added to the
line, and, before a pause in the middle,
one or more unaccented syllabjes follow
a perfect foot. The result on the music
of the verse of the simplest of these
changes will be seen by contrasting the
effect of the following passage with that
of the lines quoted from "The Comedy of
Oh. It Is monstrous, monstrous!
Methought the billows spoke, and told me of it;
The winds did sing it to me. and the thunder.
That deep and dreadful organplpe, pronounced
The name of Prosper; it did bass mv trespass,
Therefore my son In the ooze Is bedded: and
I'll seek him deeper than e'er plummet
sounded. -
And with him there lie mudded.
"The Tempest," act III, scene 111, II. 95-1M.
The running on of the sense from line
to line and the filling: of the lines with one
or more additional syllables are among/,
the most evident of .the many changes in
Shakespeare's verse, but when once their
significance is understood the way is open.
¦ to a fine comprehension of the varied art
through which the master of rhythm at
tunes his verse to hia thought. The sub
stitution of a foot other than the iambic
and the more irregular pauses in the later
lines giving their many delicate shadlnga
to the verse are oulckly noted when one
has become sensitive to the more striking
modifications of Its form. ,
In so brief a sketch as this only the
more Important lines of chronological
study can be suggested, but the reader of
Shakespeore will at once think of many
another subject for similar h-iveatlgatton.
Wherever he begin and however limtted
his field of research, he will, if he perse
vere, gain an understanding" of Shakes
peare's thought that will invigorate hia
Intellectual life. <»nd an In3lcht Into art
that will help him both to appreciate what
is best in literature and to attain to a
fuller self-expressicn.
LUNER J. NTLOR.
Vassar College.
Miss Margaret Cole Becomes the Bride o
Lieutenant Martin Crimmins,
WEDDED IN A BOWER
OF PALMS AND ROSES
AT noon yesterday Miss Margaret.
Cole became the bride of Lieuten
ant Martin Fowler Crimmlns, U.
S. A. It was a very aulet wed
ding and only a small number of
intimate friends witnessed the ceremony,
which was celebrated by Father Prender
gast. The bride was attended by her sis
ter, Miss Florence Cole, and the groom by
his brother, John Crimmlns. ?
In s-plte of the fact that it was a small
¦wedding elaborate preparations were made
for the happy event at the home of the
bride's mother, Mrp. Florence Cole, 2815
Buchanan street. In a bowtr of palms
end rcses an altar was erected, on which
burned waxen takers set In silver can
delabra. Overhead was swung a marriage
toll fashioned of delicate ferns and lilies
of the valley.
The bride looked pxtremery pretty In a
Locators of IMscovery Claim Sue Him
for $430,000.
The alleged usurpation of authority on
tho part, of Receiver Alexander McKcn
zle will be discussed in tho Superior Court
of San Francisco, as suits were filed with
Judge Frank H. Dunne yesterday against
McKenzie by Japet I^lndberg, EriK O.
LJndblom and John Bryneson, locators of
Discovery claim. They allege that Mc-
Kenzie in his capacity as receiver has
damaged them to the extent of $430,000.
Tbo claim is valued at J200.000. their min
ing rights at $190,000 and the mining tools,
which they allege McKenzie ruined, at
$40,000.
It is asserted that McKenzie seized the
property In pursuance with an agreement
with Robert Chipps. who claimed some
Interest In tho property.
J. C. Campbell and William II. Metson
are the attorneys for 1-,'ndberg and his
partners. Metson recently returned from
the Nome district, where he represnted
the interests opposed to McKenzie.
Arguments in the case of Receiver Alex
ander McKf-nzic, cited for contempt of
the United State* Circuit Court of Ap
petlls, wore concluded yesterday In that
tribunal by ,\. c.\ Severance; Thomas J.
Geary, E. f>. Tillsbury, AV. H. Metson and
Charles Page. Judges Gilbert, Morrow
and Ross occupied the bench and dis
missed the plea of lack of jurisdiction in
the four cat-cs at bar, namely, Tornahses
vs. Me!?Iliff, Kjellman vs. Rogers, Linde
bcig vs. (Jhlpps and Anderson vs. Oomp
tois.
uir. Severance then read the answer nf
Alexander McKenzje to the citation re
quiring him to appear and . show cause
why -he should not be punished for con
tempt, 'i he answer recited that AIcKen
7.U; had never intended to disobey the or
ders of the Court of Appeals or to show
to the honorable court any disrespect, and
that he had been prevented from acting
under the process issued by the Court of
Appeals by an Injunction issued by Judge
Arthur H. Noyfes, the United States Dis
trict Judge at Nome.
Mr. Severance 'asked that the facts
should bo brought out in opon court and
not before the Court Commissioner. He
mentioned the Dubose contempt case and
said that three months had been consumed
by the Commissioner and tlu> lawyers in
taking a maps of testimony, most of
which was altogether foreign to the issue
Involved.
The Judges decided that they would
take the testimony In open court of Jan
uary 23 at 11 a. m.. to which day and hour
the court took an adjournment. --"'
SUIT AGAINST McKENZIE.
United Slates Circuit Court
Holds It Has Full
Jurisdiction.
McKEMZIE'S PLEA
DOES NOT AVAIL
The Supervisors' Judiciary- Committed
reported yesterday j n favor of the ordin
ance fixing the fare to be charged on
streetcars for pupils of public and pri
vate, schools who ar# under the age of IS
years at 2y 2 cents. The ordinance was
amended so that the nrlvllege will be en
joyed between the hours of 8 and 9 a. m..
12 and I p. m., 2:30 and 4 p. m. and 6:30
and 9:20 i>. m.
Braunhart addressed the committee, m
favor of the ordinance. He read a letter
from Mayor Eaton of Los Angeles whlcn
stated that public wcho<Tt" pupils in tha
city under the age of 18 years were car
ried for half fare. Braunhart contended
that more children would ride at the re
duced rate and the revenues of the com
panies would increase.
The representatives of the street rail
way companies argued against the pass
age of the ordinance. Attorney Foulds
stated that the cost of carrying each
passenger is 4 J ,a cents and If the com
panies are forced to carry them for 2 1 -.
cents it will be a losing proposition. Foulas
held that there was no justice in levying
a special tax on the ?lreet railway com
panies, which are already paying their
share for the support of tne schools. • f Is
objected to the private schools being maao
beneficiaries under the ordinance. The
vast number of transfer privileges now in
force was a concession of the companies,
Koulds said, and that was as far as they
could»be expected to go. he added.
Secretary Clayton said that establish
ing a precedent was a serious matter with
street railroads. He thought better results
might be accompllshfetf in a possiole rfi
nuction of fares^if the Supervisors ha.l
appointed a committee to confer with th«
companies rather than by trying o forc-i
the issue by the passage of an ordinance
Superintendent Harris of the Californiii
street line s-aid that if the 2V£-cent fate
prevailed the transfer privileges wouM
compel the carrying of passengers for V&
tents on the arrangement between the
companies, else the tiansfers would have
to be -done away with. He did not think
that the reduced fare would result in in
creared patronage and he feared that the
companies would suffer from abuse of tho
privilege of riding at a half rate.
A. K. Stevens, secretary of the Suttcr
fitreet Railway Company, said that tho
reduced fare would be a practical conlls
cation of the street railway properties.
Stevens appealed to the committee not to
recommend the ordinance on etiuitablo
principles, which led Tcibin to remark
that the condition In which Bush stree:
had bren left by the Sutter-stroet com
pany was hardly equitable to the city.
Amendment Adopted So That Priv
ilege May Be Enjoyad During
Certain Hours — Street Rail
way Companies Object.
Supervisors Recommend the
Passage of Proposed
Ordinance.
FAV0R HALF FARE
FOR ALL PUPILS
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
Another Shakespeare Evening With
Chronological Study of the
i lays.
THE SAN FRAXOISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JANUARY 17, 1901.
LIEUTENANT MARTIN LAW
LOR CRIMMINS AND HIS
BRIDE.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS, g
DO YOU FEEL LIKE THIS?
Pen Picture for Wonieih
" I aro en nervous, there is not a
well inch in my whole body. I ara eo
weak at my stomach imd have indi-
gestion horribly, and palpitation of
the hedxt, and 1 am lofiinj? flesh. This
headachs and backache nearlr kills
me, and yesterday I nearly had hyster-
ics ; there is a weight in the lower part
of my bowels bearing down all the
time, and pains in my groins and
thighs : I cannot sleep, walk, or sit,
and I believe I am diseased all over ;
no one ever suffered as I do."
This is a description of thousands of
cases which come to Mrs. Pinkhnm's
attention daily. An inflamed and ul-
cerated condition of the neck of the
womb can produce all of these aymp.
Mrs. Sows William*.
toms. and no woman should allow
herself to reach Such a perfection of
misery when there is absolutely no
need of it. The subject of our por-
trait in this sketch; Mrs. Williams of
Englishtown, N. J., has been entirely
cured of such illness and misery by
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, and the guiding advice of Mrs.
Pinkham of Lynn, Mass. .
No other medicine has such a record
for absolute cures, and no other medi-
cine is "just as* good." Women who
want a cure should insist upon getting
Lydia E. PinkhainV Vegetable Com-
pound when they ask for it at a store.
Anyway, write a letter to Mrs. Pink-
ham at Lynn; Mass., and tell her all;
your troubles. Her advice is free.
£n Hoffmanettes En
vu Cigar. J "
THE HILSON CO. Makers. N. Y".
MAU, SADLER * CO., Diitrlbatari, 8»b fr»noi»eo.
To Cure the Grip in Two Days
Laxative Bromo-Quinlne Tablets. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Atottttrol? oared by tbeee
Idttle Pills.
They also j»lieve Distress from Oyspeyla,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A po>
feet mrftdy tor Diriincss, Nausea, Drmvsl*
ness, Bad Taste in the Almxth, Coatea Tor.gu
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Ungulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Doso«
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
OK
NEW YORK CONSOLIDATED
ORIEHTALRug
OO.'S
AUCTION
TODAY, THURSDAY,
And the Following Days,
At 11 a. m. an,! 2 p. rfl,
308 SUTTER ST.
Finest collection of rugs ever camp. Selling
at 1ms than Importation price. Mr. R. H.
Taul. the manager, has given me absolute
orders to cell and save freight on them.
FRANK TV. RUTTRnKIKI^D, Auctioneer.
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, on Una of railroad. fr>
rale. Splendid chance for those about t
form an oil company. NEWTON, CAK
MEN & SOMES (S. C. MASON, agent
101 Chronicle bldg.. San Francisco.
Ks/teiK + </<-? ~^^!!^9 c-annot be cured by
falvea, lotions, com-
IBWgEFyWw'wrtlKS''^ mon trusses, or
n-^^&&VFif&Z-^ "Quack" operations.
H—^6f££^>R-- PACE'S MAGNE.TIC
H /Mt\ ELECTRIC TRUSS* Is dlf-
Bl yAn\ ferent It does the worK I
* ET-BOOKLET NO. 1" gives
full information. Call or writ*
for It.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.
62O Market it. (opp. i'alae* Hotel). S. F.
DR. HALL'S fiElNYlGORATOBRTM
Five hundred reward for any B^J 1 ) 'ftSSSl
case we cannot cure. This secret &**¦ B^m
remedy stops all losses In 21 hours, j m
cures Emissions. Impotency, Varl- £3231 K££
cocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits. f*H Wftl
Strictures, Lost Manhood and all Ulia iXHi
wasting effects of self-abuse or SwSLbS!?!
exceEses. i-ent sealed, J2 bottle; 3 KBUamBS
bottles. f5: iruaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 83i
Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also for aale at 1073-4
Market at. 8..F. All private disease* quickly
cured. Send for free book.
| AMUSEMENTS.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900— WINTER MEETING— 1901.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. II TO JAN. 19. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing. Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 tn. and
12: JO. 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping: at the entrance to tha
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell ¦ Mound. : All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
•elctrio cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. - These electric Cars
ro direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
«:*5 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
R.TCllioV.^Je^f JR - *•'""«"•
AD VEBTISEMENTB.
C^~ ¦ ag «5g
«y cm <
§Jl Samples of ' Figprune are now i^g
H^H being distributed in San Francisco _^j,
§£l and we trust every family will try
f^Z the new food beverage.
<T>- . _j . -"^Sl
m>— r— ?/ Fruit — <s>
&- Figprune consists of ] ;; n . safl»
c>Z dI f46 ' Grains -<&
g^ In California the fig and prune
g*~ attain the highest degree of perfection
gj^ and these choice fruits.^ombined with ;^<g
j^" selected grains, scientifically blended, Z^&
g^ make the best and most nutritious
g^ Cereal Coffee now on the market.
S^I Ask your Grocer for Sample.
A3ITjsoie:nts :
THE ORFHEl-VS BIGGKFT SHOTV TET.
SAM LOCKHART'S
BABY ELEPHANTS!
ErGE^n O'ROURKE AND COMPANY.
F-!r L'.ck. the Five Olr»c«, J. F. Crosby Jr..
Ir.e» F"c>rrns.n and Company, the Willy
Colllnls. Joe Eantley, Bettine Gerard.
THE GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAFH.
Reserved seats. I5c; balcony. 10c; or»?ra chairs
• r.4 box seats. E&c
Ji5atln«M Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
ilATIN'EnS RATTRDAY AND SUNDAY.
LAST FOUR NIGFTTS.
Henry Arthur Jones' Famous Play,
THE
ROGUE'S COMEDY,
A Performance that Appeals to the Refined and
Intelligent.
MccAay— "THE MOTH AND THE FLAME."
PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c tOc.
A Few Front Roti-g In OrrheBtra. 75 Cents.
Good Reeened Seats in Orchestra at AH Mat-
inee*. 15 Cents.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
Coming — Bernhardt and Coqoelin
COLUMBIANS
All THE ACME OF THE PAS-
r * 1 " t -» TORAL DRAMA.
THIS "WAY
AND down
NEXT LJKJ W EH
WBBK. EAST."
CONCERT TO-DAY at 2:3O
By the Superb Prima Donna Soprano,
MDLLE. .DOLORES (££5£S.)
Reserved Beats tl EH SI and SOc,
Fr>eclaJ concert a.t Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
HaJi es 6a.turday afternoon. Eeatc ready at
Cierrr.aa & Clay's Here.
3d and Final Week.
XAST MATINEE FATVRDAT.
THEATER ALTVAYS CROWDED.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In THE ADVENTTJRES OF
NELL GWYNNE
K«sxt 'Werlc— The Pretty Comedy,
S1A/EET LAX/ENDER.
FEATf? NOW READY.
Tricee .^ 15c, 25c. 2Sc. E9c.
BELASCO *»* THALCSjfofft&
Phone Poutli £23.
SCOW THOROUGHLY HEATED WITH STEAM
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE FATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
¦Elsb^rate Production of the ' Most Brilliant
Play of the Century.
The TWO ORPHANS
Stsrn!n'-«>n? Fr*>r,Ty. Gnrf»ou» Costumes, rtc.
.Arr^aranc* Nightly by Profeeoor Graeber's
Famous P.anjn. Mandolin and Guitar
riub <im members).
PPirPC Hvcnln«s— JOc. JSc. 25c. SSe. 60c.
i».VLJ Matin*-*— Vjr 15c Kc.
NEXT WKEK— The u\ K Melodramatic Suc-
re**, '.'PABKEST Rt:.«SlA."
THE PRISON THE POPE.
LBCTURB BY
REV. PETER C.YORKE
For the Benefit «f BT. JOHN'S PARISH.
(.Rev. Father Brady. Rector.)
Thursday Evening, F ?^- 1901,
At 9 o'clock.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Fifth and JeMle Streeta.
TICKETS? Me
FFSCHFR'S concert house.
riOl/nLn O Admission 10c.
<Vo B^T-ranJ aM Oro; Marie D. Woods, Sid
P.axter. Jl'Ie. Atlantis. Rousell Brothers, J. T.
I'owerx, Edythe Ix-sly and Others.
Rffervfil Peats I5c. Matinee- Sunday.
OB Pr n n 1 1 ¦ I Corner Fourth and
, CSFE RQYAL mm
\ valises checked frt«
AMUSEMENTS.
i THIS WKEK ONLY. MATINEE SATURDAY.
•*f\ BREEZY TIME."
SALE OF SEATS OPENS
TO-DAY AT 9 A. M.
For the Engagement of
MRS. FISKE
"BECKY SH/\RF*."
rorr.mrncirg MONDAY NIGHT, Jan. 21.
PRir-ES-$5. Jl.iO. II. Toe. &0c. No ord»rs
t»ken bjr phone.
LAST NIGHTS! LAST NIGHTS!
EVENINGS at S. MATINEE SATURDAY at 2.
MONDAY NEXT-Ferfect Production of
"THE FENCING MASTER."
POPULAR PRICES Z» and 50 centi.
Telephone — Bush 9.
Alt Ellinctiouse Prop, and Manager
Phone South 770.
"TRUE MERIT MUST WIN."
Acknowledged to Be the Best and Funniest
Show in Town.
TO-NIGHT at S:15. All This Week. MATINEE
SATURDAY.
Wm. A. Brady and Joseph Grlamer'* Produc-
tion,
The New "Fork Manhattan Theater Screaming
Comely Success.
A STRANGERS
STRANGE LAND
Lnuirhter From Rise to Fall of Curtain.
FVE "5c, 3ie, 60c and 75e
MAT 15c. 25c. 35c and 50c
Next Sunday Afternoon, the Musical Farce-
Comedy. "THE STAR BOARDER."
Of Vfi^F*//! CODY ST..
V*#l— M IV I I j? At COH.MA9O.Y
THE ONLY FT*EE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE IN
AMERICA.
Engagement Extraordinary.
QUERITA VINCENT,
San FranclBco's Ftivorlte.
MABOL~HUDSON,
A Eonrbird Without a Peer.
OUHAJVIA,
The Famous Juggler.
ANETTE~GEORGE,
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY' FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
COLUMBIA
MINSTREL CO.
BENEFIT PERFORMANCE
— FOR-
Families of Victims of Glass
Works Accident.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
THURSDAY, JANUARY 17th.
TICKETS ON SALE AT ALL CITY NEWS-
PAPER OFFICES.
CHUTES^and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TO-NIGHT I TO-NIGHT I
....THE AMATEURS....
SPECIALTIES
-AND -
A BLACK .BALLET.
TELEPHONE FOR SEATS. PARK 23.
n A I A OP These hotels pos-
I Ml All L 6CSS the attributes
J that tourists - and
Onn travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location,
R D A M II Iiberal mai «&e-
UllnllU ment, modern ap-
IinTPI A pointments and
HUILLOl P« feet cuisine.
1 American and Ea-
Sail FrailCiSCO. ropean plans.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fo vi t\ d
|j The meet thorough
y end effective house Sj
H cleaner ever invented • S
JGOLDsDUSTJ
i Washing Powder IArticles- Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
January 73% 74 72H 72«
February 74Vi 74% 72* 737
May •-••••••• 76T4 76% 75Vi 75«(
Com No. 2— f i^
January 36% 8$^ 36% J&4
February 36% 36T» 36H 3«4i
May SSii 3SH 38 MVi
Oata No. 2— '*
January 23>4 23H 23U 2SU
"a/ •••••••• • 2<% 24ft 24H 24%
Mess Pork, cer barrel — - ¦
January 13 85 18 97% 13 90 13 90
May 14 25 14 25 13 95 14 00
Lard, per 100 pounds-
January 7 3714 7 3714 7 35 7 33
March 7 47% £47% 7 40 7 40
May 7 52% 7 55 7 45 7 45
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
January .... .... 7 00
May 7 YIV, ' 7 20" 7 12V4 7 12^
"King" John Malone, who took In a
gambling outfit. They wintered at Ram
part and the next summer Cullen went to
Dawson. where he obtained claims and
made considerable money. News of his
death was received to-day in a letter writ
ten by Charles Dance of Dawson, to
George T. Shanfelln of Tacoma,
TACOMA, Jan. IS.— William Cullen, aged
30. formerly of San Francisco, died at
Dawson on December 11 of pneumonia.
His family lives in the North Beach dis
trict at San Francisco, one sister beln? a
school teacher. Cullen was a pressman
by trade and' formerly worked on th© Ex
aminer. He had lived in Tacoma a num
ber of years before going north. He start
ed for the north In the fall of 1837 with
DIES IN THE K-ONBIKE.
Father Leahy was very popular her*
and twice declined Individual charges else
where In crder to remain in Petaluma,
though by so doing he forfeited promotion
and remained as an assistant to the regu
lar narlsh priest.
PETAXiUMA, Jan. 16.— Quito an exten
sive change among: the Catholic priests o£
Southern Sonoma has taken place. Rev.
Father Leahy, for thirteen years assistant
to Rev. Father Cleary of Pctaluma, has
been given charge of the Sonoma parish,
with headquarters at Sonoma, Rev.
Father Quill, formerly at Sonoma, has
gone to Su'sun. Father Hennessy. who
was stationed at Petaluma while Father
Cleary was away on his tour to Eurdpe
end the Holy Land, has gone to St. James
Church, San Francisco, and Father Ron
nald haa come from St. James Church to
be assistant to Father Cleary.
Southern Sonoma.
Transfers of Catholic Priests in
ASSIGNED TO NEW FIE_D&
FLOUR— California Family. Extras,. $3 23®
3 50, usual terms ; Bakers' ' Extras, $3 15®3 25;
Oregon, $2 7D@2 So per . barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers'. $2 73
@3. -¦-.¦¦: .¦¦ .-./ ,:•¦. ¦¦¦......
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol-
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Forenoon Session — No sales.
At ternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Showed more activity yesterday and
quite a number of lots changed hands at firm
prices. . .
White, $1 30®l 50; Surprise, nominal; Red,
$l2."/al4n for. Feed- and $1 25@1 45 for Seed'
(jray, nomlnnl; Black, for Feed, $117UJT120
lor Seed. $1 2001 30 per ctl.
CORN— Tho • dullness has resulted in a de
cllr.e. The foiling Is depressed. Yellow. $1 12Vi:
White, ?1 10@l 15; Eastern mixed, - $1 1214 per
ctl. •.•¦¦¦- ¦ • ' •
RTE-SSGS7V£e per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted • at $1 85 per ctl.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 10.000
ctls, $104%.
Second Session— May— 12.000 ctls, $1 04H. De
cember—CCOO. $1 0S%.
Regular Forenoon Session— May— 4000 ctls.
$1 03%. December—2000. $1 08: 12,000, $1 07%.
Afternoon Session — May— 4000 ctls, $1 03?i
December — 1000, $1 08.
BARLET— The market continues neglected at
ixfrnlnal quotations. ¦ ,
* Feed. 75c for choice bright. 72'/4©73%c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades. 77%<g82%c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— The Eastern and foreign markets
were all lower, and Antwerp reduced its bids
at Chicago. The Liverpool weakness was at
tributed to free offerings of Argentine Wheat.
New Tork reported fifty loads for export, and
100,000 bushel^ was taken at Chicago for tho
same account. There was some liquidation at
Chicago, though the large holders added to
their heavy lines of May. and the crowd filled
up Counselman & Day.
The Ban Francisco market was lower again
and very weak- at the decline."
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97^c; milling $1@1 05
per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 844
Sterling Exchange, Bight — 4 fcSS
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 17'4
New Tork Exchange, telegraphio — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63%
Mexican Dollars, nominal D0<4 @ 61
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
a eageing tendency *.: other points. St. Paul
wae vtporously taken in hani in the midst
Of the uncertainty and marked up nearly elx
points, precipitating: a large volume of forced
buying from the bears. The market generally
responded in sympathy, but with a quick re
lapse of two points In St. Paul began to run
off airaln. Then Burlir.mon took up the move
ment on the decision of the directors to In
crease the stock 10 i>er cent, to be irsaed at
par to stockholders. The resulting rise in the
ftock reached 414. but the doubt engendered
by the demonstrated manipulation of St. Paul
detracted from the effect on the general mar
ket and the prices did not pet back to the top.
The advances had reached 2% in Northern Pa
rific, 3 in Delaware and Hudson. 2*4 In Rock
Island and 2 points in St. Louis and San Fran
risco eecond preferred. Manhattan and Sugar
»lso ro»» about 2 points. When the futility of
:hese measures to ho'.d the railroad list be
rame evident the speculative liquidation in
rreased to a very heavy volume. The coalers,
the Padflcs. the loccl tractions. People's Gas
and Susar were thrown on the market In a
torrent of large blocks. The general level of
price* was forced considerably below last
night, only a few small net gains remaining.
The reaction reached 5 points in St. Paul. 4«4
in Manhattan and from 2 to 3 points in the
sther prominent stocks indicated. The closing
teas unsettled and irregrular, but there was no
•vidence of any demand from other than short
interests. The announcement of gold exports
:o-day for to-morrow's tteamer did not seem
:n affect sentiment, as the early strength of
:he market developed tfter the shipments were
cnown. The accumulation cf money at present
NEW TORK. Jan. 16.— The excessive con
fusion of Eijerulative enthusiasm to-day was
shown by wide and frequent fluctuations in
prices, often conflicting in different proups of
stocks. An evident effort was made to dif
ferentiate the movement of the eteel stocks
frcm that of the railroad stocks. The action
of the Fteel proup yesterday made it very evi
dent that a decline in them wa* to be faced.
Some effort was ma4«? at the opening to con
test this and i-upi«>rtinK orders effected a riss
of a point over last night in Fteel and Wire
and Tin Plate and of 1\ In National Tube.
but the la^t-named Etoek was the only one
which retained any show of strength in the
later dealings. There was some t-how of sup
port in I-Vderal Steel early in the day an<i
after an opening: decline of l»» it wap rallied
a point, but the s*!linsc of the Ftock was per
sistent on account of disappointment by specu
lators that M action was taken at yesterday's
meeting to injure quarterly dividends for the
coming year, in which there had been great
faith. There were occasional rallies in the
elock and lt was lifted vigorously at the last
2 poir.ts above the lowesa, but manipulation
w&a palpable In the rally. At the low level
thl? Ft^k was 4U be lew last nlsht and the
preferred was oft 3U. Next to this Tin Plate
was n-.oat acutely affected In epite of yester
day's S per cent dividend declaration and fell
an extreme 4 p-iim*- Colorado Fuel was down
f-m. American Hoop 3. Tennessee Coal 23i and
others of the group from 1 to 1V4- The condi
tions in the railroad list were exceedingly ir
regular during the early dealings, but there
were eufflcler.t points ol £tren*?th to overcome
the few opening declines caused by sympathy
with the London market and with the weak
ness cf the pteel stocks. There was a manifest
disposition to realize also in the coalers and
New York Stock Market.
CHICAGO, Jan. 16.— May Wheat opened %3
96c lower at 76% to 76Hc, mainly because Liver
pool showed a full response to the decline on
this Bide yesterday. The crowd, however, was
Inclined to keep a keen eye on Wall street and
a curb on their speculative desires, rather than
on the legitimate situation. To buying from
this quarter is attributed the bulge of a week
ago, and to a withdrawal of this support i3
credited the recent declining tendency of the
market. Wall streot. however. Is still believed
to be long and this combined with the stiff
ness of some local long lines, leaves the rank
and file on tenterhooks. At the opening some
Inconsequential Belling by a house supposed to
represent Wall street brought out all sorts
of small stuff and May dropped to 76%@76V4c.
Here the pressure eased and on reports of ex
port engagements, the market gradually ral
lied to 76T4C. Attempted realizing showed how
slack the demand has grown. The decline
caught stop-loss orders and the market near
the end of the session dropped sharply to 75Vic
The close was weak, H4<3'1% lower at 75%©
75%c. Exporters reported sixty-two loads tak
en. Seaboard clearances in wheat and flour
were equal to 477,000 bushels.
Corn was dull and easier, partly on the im
proved weather, but mainly with wheat. Coun
try acceptances were light and the cash de
mand fair, but business was curtailed by the
scarcity of cars. May closed U@%c lower
Oata were moderately active at timea and
again extremely dull for considerable periods
The cash demand waa fair and Borne export
business was done direct. Some selling eariy
by elevators was taken as an indication of
country buying. The market declined In eyrn
at t 24 > %g24 t %c Wheat< Mfly Cl ° 8ed H@%C d0Wn
Provisions were heavy on liberal hog re
ceipts and in sympathy . with wheat. The mar
ket showed Borne recovery, at one time but
drcFped off again In sympathy with the wheat
market. May pork closed 27%c lower, lard
12%c down and ribs 12V6c depressed.
The leading: futures ranged as follows: >
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FHANCISCO. Jan. 16-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
dat<> as corr.\--&rc<i with those of same date last
6<?a*on. and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
Cl: minimum, M; mean. ."S.
\\EAT1J"ER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FOUECAST.
The pressure continues high over the coun
try west of Uie Hocky Mountains and is still
favorable for fair vvcathpr over the greater
portion of the Pacific Slope. Durir.gr the past
twemy-£<Kir hours thtre has been a slight fall
in pressure in the neighborhood of Cspe Mtn
docino.
TV.<? temperature lias rcrr.alr.ed nearly sta
tlonarj' over the entire coast except in South
ern California, where it has risen from 6 to
16 degrees.
Except at Astoria £.r.<l Neah Bay no rain has
fallen on the Pacific Coast.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours, endinfr midnight. Janucry 1". 19M:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; light
northerly vrinds.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; light
northerly winds.
Kevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Fair Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
light northerly •winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast OfHclal.
Builders' Contracts.
Lydla H. Barney (owner) with Duffey Bros,
(contractors), architect Albert Plssls—Plumb
ing, sewering and gas fitting for building now
being erected on SW corner of Ellis street and
Van Ness avenue, S TO by W 109:9; $7940.
Sophia Grosgebauer to John F. Grosgebauer.
lot on SE corner of Fell and Gouga itrtets, E
27:8 by S 120; gift.
Estate of Amelia V. R. Plxley (by J. P. T>.
Curtis and Union Trust Company, executors)
to Frank P. Topping. lot on N"W corner of
Green and Fillmore streets, W 30 by N 137:8:
$3250.
Robert and Jessie J. Dickson to Marr E.
Maxwell, lot on W line of Baker street. 130
N of Haight. N 7:6 by W 100; $S25.
Thomas J. Murphy to Michael J. Murphy,
lot on SW line of Brady street. 81:3 >TW of
West Mission. NW 37:U*« by SW" 99; $1500.
Hlbernla Savings an 1 Loan Society to Annt>
A. Fennell. lot on E line of Guerrero street,
222:6 S*f Eighteenth. S 23 by E 105; J2000.
Jane Phillips to Samuel B. and Mary E.
Mertes. lot on N line of Nineteenth street. 270
E of Dolores. E 40 by N 100; J23C0.
Emma A. Carah (by M. F. Vandal!, commis
sioner) to German Savings and Loan Society,
lot on S line of Hancock street. 100 W of
Church. W 75. S 114. E 65. S 14. E U. .N K;
J23CO.
Bridget Deveney to Henry Deveney. lot on
E line of Hampshire street. 213 S oJ Twentieth,
S 25 by E 100: gift.
John Holland to Ellen Holland, lot on S Un»
of Duncan street. 200 E of Dolores. 3 114 by E
25; gift.
Martha A. Rudolf (by M. F. Vandall, com
missioner) to German Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on W line of Vlcksburg street. 91:4
S of Twenty-second. S 22:6 by W, 100; $1600.
Fredericka Dreson to E'.lza Fruh. lot on 3
line of Twenty-seventh street, 235 W of San
chez. W 25 by S 111; $iC0.
Julia A. and John W. Welch to Margaret A.
Welch, lot en N line of Jersey street, 350 W
of Castro, W 23 by N 114; $10CO.
Julia A. Cahill (Greer) to William Tracy, lot
on N line of Washington street. 30 E of Wash
ington olace. N 100 by E 37:6; $10.
Anselme Jacquemod to Maria T. Jacquemod.
lot on S line of Caroline place, 112:5 E of Pow
ell. E 23 by S SO: gift.
Christian H. Whestphal to Catherine We«t
pha.1 -lot on S line of City Hal avenue (Park).
2C0 W of City Hall square. S 100 by W 50; also
lot on XV line of Sixth street. 73 S of Brannan,
W «0 by S ICO: also lot on S line of Fell street,
137:6 E of Pierce. E 55 by S 137:6; $10.
Sharon Estate Company (corporation) to Her
bert E. Law. lot on N corner of Mission and
Annie streets. NE 57:8 by NW 80. quitclaim
deed: $300.
William T. and Mary A. Baker to O. Mlglla
vacca, let on NW line of Minna street, 125 NE
of Sixth, NE 25 by NW 80: $7<m
Alice M. G. and Lewis H. Sa?e to Charles F.
Sage, lot on NE corner of B street and Twenty
sixth avenue, N 23 by E 73. to correct etc., 1831
d. 152; also lot on S line of Union street. 23 E
of Battery. E 25 by S 60; also lot on N line of
Filbert street. 98:4 E of Baker, E 33:3. NW
15:10. SW 50. quitclaim deed; *— .
David B. and Mary J. Todd to David "W.
Todd. lot on NE line of Eighteenth avenue
(South), 600 SE of N street, SE 25. NE 60. SB
100:6H. N 63:2V». NW -107:4'i. SW 100, blocks
347 and 347. Case Tract: $2500.
Walter and Flora Magee to William A. Ma
gee. lots 29 to 33. block D, French and Gilmaa
Tract; $20C0.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara II. Blanchet to Flllp
po Plngltore. lot on W line of San Bruno ave
nue. 173 S of Dwlght stre«t. S 25 by "W 120; $300.
BEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS,
Lake copper continues in buyers' . favor with
a weak undertone prevalent. Pig Iron war
rants were nominal at $9 CO® 10; Northern
foundry, {15@16 CO.
NEW YORK, Jan. 16.— The local metal mar
ket waa on the whole a purely nominal one.
Tin was nominally quoted at {26 50. A Email
business was executed in pi# lead on the basis
of $4 37%. Spelter ruled weak all day, closing
weak at $4 05@4 10.
New York Metal Market.
WHEAT— Receipts. 24,300 bushels; exports.
121,016 bushels. Spot — Weak. No. 2 red. 79%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 7SHc elevator; No.
1 Northern Duluth, S9»ic f. o. b. Options-
Were generally weak all day, apart from a
midday rally on export reports. Bearlshness
was encouraged by weak cables, small clear
ances, continued large primary receipts, lack
of outside demand, further heavy liquidation
and aggressive short felling-. Closed weak at
net decline. January closed 78*io'
March, 79%i3S0 ll-16e, closed 7&*4c; May iv®
SI 3-16C, closed 80'ac; July. 73»i l '»S0&c, closed
<3"*c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HID12S— Firm.
WOOL- Dull.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; refined, steady
COFFEE— Spot-Rio, Fteady; No. 7 Invoice,
7 3-lCc; mild, quiet; Cordova. 8<gl2Vic. Fu
tures—Closed barely steady, with prices un
ohanced to 5 points lower. Total sales, 20,500
bags, including: January, $5 70*35 75; Febru
ary, $5 SO: March, $5 So; May, $5 90ft5 95; July,
{Gfi6 Co; September, $6@6 10.
liUTTER— Receipts. 4719 packages. Market
firm. Creamery, 16ig21c; June creamery, 15®
£0c; factory. US 14c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7079 packages; easier. West
ern average packed, at mark, lS@19V4c; West
ern, loss off/ 19V4@20c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The demand for
fancy grades was urgent and the market holds
quite firm at fully maintained prices. State,
common. 3%®4%c; prime. 5@5%c; choice. 6Vi©
6c; fancy, 667c.
California dried fruits active, but about
steady,
PRUNES— 3Vi©8>4c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark. 8*4®
15c.
PEACHES-Peeled, 14SlSc; unpeeled. 6V.@10c.
NEW TORK, Jan. 16.— FLOUR— Receipts.
16,940 barrels; exports. S0.93S barrels. Market
weak and inactive, closing nominal. Minne
sota bakers', $3@3 35.
New York Grain and Produce.
4 — _____
TVEDNESDAT. Jan. 1&-2 p. m .
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. I BM.Ask.
4s quar coup..H3HH4H'4s <3o cp <new)137H13S
4a do reg 113HU4Vi ' 3s do coup 110 111
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co PCoSs.104% — jOak Water os.lOIU —
Cal-Et Cab 5s. 116 117 Oceanic SS Ss.lOSH —
C C Water 5s.lO€U — Om C Ky 6S..12S —
Ed L & P 6s.. 131 135 Pac G Imp 4s. 100 —
F & Cl Ry 6S.114H — P & a Ry 6a.lC5 —
! Geary-st R as. — — P & O R R 6s. — —
II C & S 3M.3. — — Powe!l-st It 6s. 113 —
Do r.s 104 — | Sac E GAR 5s. — 99\$
L, A Ry 5s....llHi — S F & S JV 5s.lW 120U
L A Lt Co 6a.. S R of Cal fis.110 —
Do frntd 6s.. — 104 S P R of A fis.UOH —
Do 5s — — S P C 6s (1303
L A P It R 6s. 101 — Series A) ...10^H —
Markt Cab 6s. 126 — I>o (Series B)110ii —
Do 1st M 6a.l22 — Do (19C6) ....111 113
X C N G R 7s. — 112 Do (1912) ....12V54 —
N R- of Cal 6s. 112 113 S P R 1st g 5s. 107 10SU
XX) 5s 120 — S P BR C 6s. 131' 1 —
N P C R R 6S.10H4 — S V Water «s..H4>4 —
Do 5s 1C6"4 — Do 4s 103"ilC43i
N Cat Ry 5s..U0H — Do 3d mtge..l<milO2k
O G L, & H 5s. 110% — Stktn Gas 6«..1O3 —
Oak Tran 6s... Hi 116
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70»i — '.Spring Valley .91H —
\iarin County. &1V» — i
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L. & P Co — 4 Pac L. Co — 44
Eqult G L Co 2^ — Sac E G&RCo — 40
Mutual El Co 7 8 S F G & E...46H 47
O G L & II... 49% 50 Ban Francisco. 4?i 5
Pac Gas Imp. 44 44Vi Stktn G & E. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 231 233 f
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 76 — Lon P & A.... 143 —
Bank of Cal.. — 412 Merchants' Ex 16 —
Cal S D & T. — 104 S F Nat Bk..l20 135
First National. — 325
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L...\ — 1S40 |Sav & L. So — —
Hum. S & L.. — — Sec Sav Bk...275 —
Mut Sav Bk.. 50 — Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav U...510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 134 140 O S L & H.... 49 —
Geary-st 45 — Presidio IS 20
Market-st 69 —
POWDER STOCKS.
California — — IVlgorit 2% 2%
Giant Con Co 81 84»,il ,. >
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7 "M Kilauea S Co. 21H —
Haw C & S Co 87H 90 Makaweli S Co 41% —
Honokaa S Co 31% — Onomea S Co. 28>* 2»',i
Hutch S P Co 26% — Paauhau S Co. 32% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. 125 1251s Oceanic SS Co— 103
Cal Fruit Aen.103%106 Pac A F A... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.lVO — Pac.Bor Co 133 —
Mer Ex Assn. 97 — Par Paint Co. 12}j —
Morning Session.
Board —
10" Alaska Packers' Association 123 25
I3CC0 Bay Counties Power Co as 104 75
125 Honokaa Sugar Co.. 3150
100 Market Street Railway 69 25
10 Pacific Gas Improvement 44 121a
$24,000 S P of C 6s (1912) 121 75
Street—
30 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Honokaa Sugar Co 31 50
60 Hutchinson S P Co 26 75
155 Makaweli 41 75
G Market Street Railway 69 25
60 Mutual Electric Light 7 00
$2000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 115 75
225 Paauhau S P Co 32 23
10 Pacific Gas Improvement 44 25
SO S F Gas & Electric Co 46 73
30 Sprfng Valley Water 92 00
30 Spring Valley Water 9175
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mortgage).... 104 00
25 Vlgorit Powder 2 «2%
Street—
4 California Fruit Canners 103 00
$10,000 Oakland Gas Bonds Ill CO
$1COO Spring Valley 4s (2d mortgage) 104 CO
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Serslon.
Board —
1C0 American Fuel 25
25 Cala-Standard 37
1C0 Caribou E5
BOO Four Oil Co es
10 Hanford ...102 CO
100 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 45
1O'» Junction 80
2C0 Junction S3
1C0 Lion Oil' Co % 29
7C0 Monarch of Arizona 75
200 Monte Cristo 2 15
16 Oil City Petroleum J3 00
1P0 Peerless 8 62'*i
200 Peerless : 8 73
100 Peerless 8 87^
500 Petroleum Center 27
EOO Reed Cruda Oil Co 72
100 Reed Crude Oil Co 71
50 San Joaquln Oil & Development.... 13 80
100 (S 30) Sterling O. D. & Co 3 30
1C0 Sterling O. D. & Co 3 23
SCO Sterling O. D. & Co 3 30
liO Thirty-Three 12 00
50 Wolverine , 1 72«-i
700 Wolverine 175
. Street— tTOSKBOgH
Forenoon Session.
100 Kern Oil Co 11 23
250 Hanford-Fresilo-Kern River 41
200 Lion Oil Co , 23
50 Thirty-Three 12 to
100 Peerless 9 CO
Afternoon Session.
500 Bear Flag 50
400 Cala-Standard 33
v US Caribou — — c
1M> Continental 1 07U
1(0 Continental 1 05'
700 Four Oil Co jg
4 Hanford 104 00
1 Hanford — 10t> 00
100 Hanford-Fresno-Kem River 44
£00 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 45
10O Home Oil 275
300 Junction ••••• \*
100. Junction g|"
200 Junction. gi
30O L4on OlUCo.. 23
200 Lion OH Co : n
45 Los Angeles O. & T. Co." 4 jj
100O Monarch of Arizona 75
50 Monarch of Arizona.. -4
S0O Monte Cristo * 220
25 Peerless • c-14
Local stocks and bonds were quiet and un
changed on the morntn.-f session.
In the afternoon Spring Valley "Water sold
down to fDl 75.
There was a sharp falling off in business on
the Oil Exchange, sales being the smallest for
several weeks. Prices ' showed no changes
worthy of especial mention.
The Homestake Mlnin? Company has declared
the regular dividend of 2jc per share and the
usual extra one of the fame amount, the two
aggregating $103,000, both payable on the 2ith.
The California Fruit fanners' Association
has declared a dividend of 60c per share, pay
able on the 21st.
The California Oil and Gas Company has de
clared a dividend of 73c per share, payable Im
mediately.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
Treasure Shipment.
The Gaelic took out e treasure list of JS1.910.
consisting cf IS3.956 in Mexican dollars, *1S5
In gold cola and J77C3 l:i silver bullion.
Coin Shipments.
EWpmests of ccin from this port to the East
via Wells, Fargo & Co.'s express in 1300 were
$3.eS7.0G5 gold and $4Cl 1 .S22 silver, besides J327S
In ROld bars and J3.0ii.61S in bonde and cur
rency, making a. total movement of J7,17S,7S3.
The Prune Cut in New York.
Mell advices from New Tork eay: "The re
duction by the California Cured Fruit Associa
tion of prices en all except the 'four eizes'
cf prunes was the feature among the dried
fruit trade yesterday. A reduction of lc per
pound is made en M-COs, of **c on 40-50s and
l ?c en 100-12>. Prices are guaranteed and the
association has provided for a rebate equal
to the decline to all Jobbers now having prunes
on hind. The consensus of local opinion ap
pears to be that, whil(» the association should
have pone further in lowering prices, still at
the revised quotations prunes should move out
better from the coast. feroand for j0-C0f, It
is thought, should pick up considerably. How
ever, It is not apparent that even at the de
cline the trade here will buy at all liberally.
The Weather and the s.l>ii"danre of fresh fr'>«t«
have thus far largely held back consumptive
demand, and until this Improves decidedly
Jobbers oro likely to ttiuW no treat disposition
to buy riruses.
"The ia.is:n situatim continues more hope
ful here and prices are being heM up on the
coast. Demand from teeders and jobbers Is
improving. Gcod 3-crown loofe are mostly held
at C^o, with some fair quality offering at 6c.
Apricots are firm, evaporated apples easier.
"There is a bt-tter hiijuiiy for walnuts, es- ;
peeially French ar.d Or*enob;es. Sme holders
csk V)^c firm tor Grenoblee. Filt^rts are
weak; almonds inclined to be firmer."
continues on so large a scale that the Interest
1 ate tended lower to pay in spite of the gold
exports, and the softness of the exchange mar
ket showed that the absorption of exchange
bills sold against the gold exports was not
easy.
The bond market was moderately active and
eased eff in sympathy with stocks. Total sales,
par value, $2,390,000.
United States old 4s declined % per cent
and is (registered) H p«r cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
P.4UO Atchison 45
14.400 Atchison prefd 85
IS, 100 Baltimore & Ohio 91%
tOO Canadian Pacific fc9
1.200 Canada Southern 57Vi
4.000 Chesapeake & Ohio..., 39«4
1S,4'*i Chicago Great Western IS
74.C15 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 144*4
200 Chicago Ind & Louisville.:..... 25
300 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd.... 60
400 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 94%
400 Chicago & Northwestern 171
22.M.'0 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 122%
1,600 C C O & St Louis 7SV»
Colorado Southern 7%
700 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16%
3,200 Delaware & Hudson 152V*
LOO Delaware Lack & Western 193&
1,200 Denver & lUo Grande 31
800 Denver & Rio Grande prefd £2%
4K.700 Erie 29'4
21, €00 Erie 1st prefd 65*1
700 Great Northern prefd 192%
400 Hocking Coal 14
1.200 Hocking Valley 43%
2.300 Illinois Central 131
400 Iowa Central 23
Iowa Central prefd L0
200 Lake Erie & Western 43
100 Lake Krie & Western prefd Ill
Lake Shore 230
9.700 Louisville & Nashville 8S%
CJ.600 Manhattan L 113T4
8.500 Metropolitan Street Railway 1C5U 1
I 1,200 Mexican Central 14 !
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 69
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 1C6
K',700 Missouri Pacific 85%
Mobile & Ohio 45
2,000 Missouri Kansas & Texas 16
1C600 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 47%
200 New Jersey Central 154
S.W0 New York Central 142 T^
S.200 Norfolk & Western 44*4
"00 Norfolk & Western prefd SS
Et.700 Northern Pacific fr3Vi
6.200 Northern Pacific prefd 86'4
li-.SOO Ontario & Western 31«- t
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
P.40>> Pennsylvania 147%
27.000 Kea.linK SITii
14,M>> Reading 1st prefd 71
fc.200 Readir.R 2d prefd 42T4
Rio Grande Western 65
Rio (Jrande Western prefd S2
IS. 000 Ft Louis & San Fran 27%
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 7!>H
£.700 Ft Louis fc San Fran 2d prefd 58
9.1'» St Louis Southwestern 22H
12,200 St Louis Southwestern prefd 50*i
iJ/jOO St Paul 150%
6T« St Paul prefd 1S9
200 St Paul & Omaha 130
4S.1C0 Southern Pacific : 42%
S,;oo Southern Railway 20%
3.9C0 Southern Railway prefd 71
3.KK) Texas & Pacific 25%
6,orxi Union Pacific S3?*
3.900 Union Pacific prefd S3%
2'1O Wabash II 1 *
4W> Wabash prefd 2i*i j
6.2W Wheeling & I^ake Brie 12
2,600 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 2S%
2'jO Wisconsin Central 1614
700 Third Avenue 121 ¦ I
l,2"O Baltimore & Ohio prefd 85V1
2,900 National Tube 56%
400 National Tube prefd 98%
Express Companies—
Adams 145
American 172
100 United States 67
Wells Fargo 135
Miscellaneous—
600 American Cotton Oil 28%
American Cotton Oil prefd 88
American Malting 4%
American Malting prefd 25
10,900 American Smelting & Ref 62Ti
2,300 American Smelting & Ref prefd S9% |
American Spirits 1% !
American Spirits prefd 17 1
4.&C0 American Steel Hoop 27',i
American Steel Hoop prefd, ex dlv.. 72
14,*n0 American Steel & Wire 39%
l,«no American Steel & Wire prefd 84
18,500 American Tin Plate 69Vi
American Tin Plate prefd, ex dlv... 89
16,500 American Tobacco 11354
100 American Tobacco prefd 140
200 Anaconda Mining Co 44%
57.<y>0 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 83Vi
7.700 Colorado Fuel & Iron 479i
2G.<v-0 Continental Tobacco '44%
COO Continental Tobacco prefd 93%
10.709 F<-.3--ral Steel 48%
*,V<0 Federal Steel prefd 70%
itM General Electric 1S3
400, Glucose Sugar 47%
200 Glucose Sugar prefd 95%
1.000 International Paper 22"i
1,200 International Paper prefd 70
Larlede Gas 70
2,fW National Biscuit 37»»
100 National Biscuit prefd 92
200 National Lead 16"4
National L°ad prefd 83%
4,400 National Steel 40
200 National Steel prefd 91%
100 New York Air Brake 150
3,9fK) North American 20
300 -Pacific Coast 57
Pacific Coast 1st prefd .-. 91
Pacific Coa*t 2d prefd 65
<no Pacific Mall 40
41,0<v) People's Gas 99%
61*) Pressed Steel Car 42%
2W Pressed Steel Car prefd 79
100 Pullman Palace Car 197
200 Standard Rope & Twine 4%
36,700 Susar 13314
100 Sugar prefd HSJi
2,I' - ' | > Tennessee Coal & Iron....: 54
4,000 T'nltcd States Leather 12%
l.ICiO United States Leather prefd 74
l,f*0 United States Rubber 21%
SOfl United States Rubber prefd 60 
4,400 Western Union 84%
20.C00 Amalgamated Copper ¦ 90«fc
700 Republic Iron & Steel Co 1414
C00 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd B9
P C C & St Louis 55
1,246,900 Shares Fold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 105«4iN Y Cent lsts 106%
Do coup 10514 N J Cent ten 6s. ..128
Do 3s reg 109% Northern Pac 3s.... 70%
Do 3s coup 110 Do 4s 104%
Do new 4s reg.. ..136% NrCiStL 4s.. 108%
Do new 4a coup. . 137%! N & W con 4s 100
Do old 4s reg 113%'Or Nav lsts ...118
Do old 4s coup.. |113% Do 4s 103
Do 5s reg 110%;Or Short Line 6s. ..129%
Do 6s coup 111% Do con 6s 115
Dls of Col 3.C5a....l25 Reading Gen 4s.... 93%
Atchison gen 4s. ...102% R O W lsts 99%
Do adj 4s 89% I "S L &. I M con 5s. .114%
Canada Sou 2ds....llO%iS L & S F Gen 6s. .128
Ches & Ohio 4%s... 104% St Paul cob 1S6
£>o 5s 120% B P C & P lsts. ...118
C t N con 7s 139% Do 6s 120
Do S F Deb 6s.. 123 Southern Pac 4s... 88%
Chic Term 4s 92»4 Southern Ry 5s. ...112%
¦ Colorado Sou 4s S4%:gtand R & T 6s.... 68
; n & R G 4s 100*i Tex & Pac lsts 115
Erie Gen 4s 83% Do 2ds 90
V XV & D C lste.... 80% Union Pac 4s 106
General Elec 6s.. ..155 jWabash lsts 118%
Iowa Cent lsts 115%' Do 2de 108%
L & N Unl 4s 99»i|West Shore 4s IIS
M K & T 2ds 77% Wis Cent lstsr..... 86
Do <8 97%lVa Centuries 96%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 2O|LJttle Chief 16
A11 <-« 45!Ontarlo 6 25
Breece 2 OOjOphir 60
Brunswick Con.... 2« Phoenix 10
Comstock Tunnel.. 05'Potosl io
Con Cal & Va 1 BO Savage 18
Deadwood Terra... C4 Sierra Nevada 23
Horn Silver l lOSmall Hopet 6o
av^cVn:::::: %**»<** -. * »
, New York sight Exchange advanced. Silver a fraction firmer.
Shipment of $8i,pio to China. ]
Wheat lower and weak at the decline. Barley neglected.
Better business in Oats. Corn lower and Rye dull.
Fine Hay firm and Ivwcr grades easy. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Nothing new in Hay and Feedstuffs.
Sweet Potatoes drag at the advance. Onions firm.
Butter, CJieese and Eggs as before quoted.
Poultry in ample supply and depressed. Game also weak.
Six cars of Oranges sold higher at auction.
New York Prime d&ilers pleased with the recent cut.
Provisions firm in the West, but unchanged here.
Wool doing better in the East and Europe.
Meat market rules firm, with liglit supplies.
Sharp falling off in business on tlie'Oil ExcJtange.
Local stocks and bonds quiet and not materially changed.
CORN— Spot, easy; American mixed, new, 3s
ll%d; do, old, 4s Id. Futures, dull; January.
3s 10%d; March, 3s 9%d: May, 3a 9d.
WHEAT— Spot, strong; No. 1 California, 6s
5d; No. 2 red Western winter, 6s 2tid; No. 1
Northern spring, 6s 4>£d. Futures, steady;
March, 6s lVid ; May, Cs lUd.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 36.— Wheat quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 5d@6s 5%d; wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, partly cheaper; weather in
England, fine, but cold.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 15-32d.
LONDON, Jan. 16.— Consols, 97 1-16; silver.
29 3-16; French rentes. lOlf 90c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, rather easier; cargoes No. 1 Stand
ard California, 30s 3d; cargoes Walla Walla,
29s; English country maikets. quiet but steady.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, Jan. 16.— WHEAT— Quiet and
steady; bluestem, 57V£c; club, 55c
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND. Jan. 16.— WHEAT— Dull; Walla
Walla. E5(g55Hc; bluestem, 07%c.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Jan. 1C— Clearings, $373,307; bal
ances, $07,227.
ORGEON.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, Jan. 16.— COTTON— The open-
Ing was steady with prices up 3®5 points. Con
tinued advances abroad soon led to a heavy
retreat on the part of the local bears and
brought influx of investment buying orders.
Befcre the demand had been eased prices had
climbed to HJflo points above the closing of
yesterday, while Livfrfpool had reached a gain
of 3'£NV4 points. During the afternoon the
market ruled firm but quiet, and at the close
was steady with pricey 12gl6 points higher.
New York Cotton Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 17.000; sheep. active,
steady; lambs, strong to 10c higher; good to
choice wethers, $3 75(§4 70; fair to choice mixed.
$3 C0(33 80; Western sheep, $3 75@4 C5; Texas
sheep, $2 50S3 60. Native lambs, $4 23@5 55;
Western lambs, J3@5 SO.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 39.000; to-morrow,
30,000: left over. 6CC0; market, 5 to 10c lower;
top, $5 33; mixed and butchers, $5 05@ a 30: good
to choice heaVy. $3 10^5 33: rough heavy. $5®
6 10: light, S5 05®5 30; bulk of sales, J5 155T5 25.
CHICAGO. Jan. 16.— CATTLE— Receipts, 17,-
EO0, including- 000 Texans; choice steers, firm,
others steady to slow; butchers' stock, Tex
ans, strong to 10c higher; good to prime 6teers,
$5 25@6 10; poor to medium, $3 60-t^I 15; stock
ers and feeders, stronger, $2 753*4 55; cows,
$2 75@4 25; heifers, J2 60® 4 50; canners, $2@2 70;
bulls, slow, $2 75<5M 40; calves, steady. $4@6;
Texas fed steers, J4 10® I 90; Texas grass steers,
?3 35<£4 10: Texas bulls. $2 50@2 65.
Chicago Livestock Market.
LONDON, Jan. 16.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 13,939 bales.
TUere was a large attendance from all parts.
The catalogues offered were much superior to
yesterday's tenders and the bulk sold rapidly
at hardening prices. Merinos caused active
competition. The Continent bought scoured at
extreme rates, sometimes paying as much as
10 per cent above the October average. Cross
breds were in good demand and sold freely.
Scoured brought full prices. Cape of- Good
Hope and Natal was In large supply- and prac
tically all was sold. A good selection of
Queensland and Victoria new clip caused spirit
ed bidding. American buyers were quiet, but
they from time to tlmfl purchased suitable lots
of good greasy.
London Wool Market.
BOSTON, Jan. 16.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: The past
week In the wool trade has been about as
quiet as possible. There has been no material
change In business here. Mills, have not shown
any great tendency to come around to the
dealers' terms and on his part the dealer feels
that he is not so pushed that'he must come to
the buyer and beg him to relieve him of his
load. An Impression has gone around that the
American Woolen Company has been making
good sized and frequent purchases of wool since
January 1. some dealers estimating the com
pany's purchases In the millions. One report
has been current around the market that a
million pound* changed hands last week, with
the combine \x% the purchasers. This can be
denied in the strongest terms and on the best
authority. The American Woolen Company did
buy a considerable amount of wool a month
or so ago and bought it for delivery after Jan
uary l. Hence it is very easy to see why
they should have been moving a considerable
quantity of late. They have been taking up.
not buying up, a considerable Quantity of wool.
The fact is that the buyers of the company
did not make a single purchase during the lat
ter half of last week and that their total pur
chases for the week would not amount to half
a million pounds. The sales for the week in
Boston amounted to 1,520,000 pounds domestic
and 195,000 pounds foreign, making a total of
L715.000 pounds, against a total of 1,710.000
pounds for the previous week and a. total of
2,965.000 pounds for the corresponding week last
year. The sales since' January 1 amount to
4,874,000 pounds, against 8,035,600 pounds for the
corresponding time last year.
LIVERPOOL,
' Feb. Mar. May.
Opening : .... 6 1% 6 1H
Closing .... 6 1H 6 IVi
_.^ PARIS.
¦Wheat— Jan . Mar.- June.
Opening 19 10 2 0 20
Closing 1905 i 20 20
Flour —
Opening 24 60 25 70 .
Closing 24 60 25 56
Boston Wool Market. ?::
WASHINGTON, Jan. 16.— To-day's statement
of t" e treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $137,317,006; gold, JS2, 093,300.
Condition of the Treasury.
' NEW YORK, Jan. 16.— Money on call steady.
2tt@3 per cent; last loan, 2%@3 per cent; prime
mercantile paper. 403 per cent. Sterling ex
change, barely steady with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 S7®4 87% for demand and
at $4 83W<f4 83^ for sixty days; posted rates,
J4 Sl@4 84H and $4 SS; commercial bills, $4 82^
©"4 S3. Silver certificates, 64%@65V4c: bar sliver,
63?is. Mexican dollars, 49*ic. Government
bonds, weak; State bonds, firm; railroad bonds.
Irregular. .
New York Money Market
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— , Union Pacific 83%
Call loans ....... 3^3^! Union Land 35
Timo loans 4@4H West End 93
Stocks— Bonds— '
A T & St Fe 44T» Atchison 101%
Do prefd 84!* N E Gas & C 6s. 65%
Amer Sugar 133V» Mining Shares—
Do prefd 117"4 Adventure 9»i
Bell Tel 160^ Bingham 15*4
Boston & Albany.254 Amal Copper S9U
Boston El 159 Atlantic 28
Boston & Maine.. 194 Boston & Mont 320
Chi Bur & Q 144^ Butte & Boston... 78>4
Dominion Coal .. 36% Calumet &<Hecla..85O
Do prefd 108 Centennial 22Vi
Federal Steel 48% Franklin 16
Do prefd 70 Humboldt 50
Fltchburg prefd... 139U* Osceola 82
Gen Electric 18Sft Parrott 49V t
Do prefd 14S>4 Qulncy 176
Kd Klec 111 217 Santa Fe Copper.. 6%
N E Gas & Coke. 12^4 Tamarack 328
Old Colony 206 Utah Mining 33
Old Dominion .... SO Wlnona b%
Rubber 2114 1 Wolverines 4S&
NEW YORK. Jan. 16.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were Black but firm to-day,
although the call for troops for South Africa
was disliked.
Americans began at about half under parity,
but recovered In the first hour. They re
mained quiet till Just .before the close, when
St. Paul and Northern' Pacific Bpurted sharply
on New York orders attributed to the so-called
Morgan deal. Their buoyancy, however, failed
to stimulate the general rise.
Call mpney rates were unsettled. The bank
lent a large sum for a few days at 6% per
cent. It bought £120.000 gold In bars.
The copper fortnightly statistics show a de
crease in stocks of 612 tons and in supplies of
108 tons.
CLOSING.
• LONDON. Jan. 16.— Atchison, 46%: Canadian
Pacific, 82; Union Pacific preferred, 85"i:
Northern Pacific preferred. 89; Grand Trunk,
7%: Anaconda. 9%: Rand Mines,. 37%. Bar
6llvcr, steady, 29 3-16d per ounce. Money, 2%@
814 per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
100 Peerless ..........^.».»~~»«~ • "®
S155 Petroleum /Center ••••• **
500 Reed Crude Oil Co — "
75 Thirty-Three ; ~~ » g
20O Twenty-Eight » »
1500 West Lake _.—.« »
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock, and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
1000 Andes OS i 700 Mexican *>
300 Belcher 14 6CO Occidental ... — 04
300 Best & Belcher 23 300 Ophir W
300 Best & Belcher 24! 7C0 Ophir «1
1S0O Con Cal & Va.l 60, 200 Potosi W
100 C C & Va. blO.. 1 6T. 1(10 Savage !•
200 Oould & Curry. M' 200 Sierra Nevada. 21
100 Hale & Norcr*. 13 i ECO Union Con w
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 13! 300 Justice CS
200 Best & Belcher 24 50 Justice V>
SCO Beat & Belcher 23 30 Mexican 32
30<> Caledonia 7" 20O Opblr •*.
100 Caledonia 74 1 400 Ophir S3
700 Con Cal & Va.l 6>i 100 Potosi «
2C0 Con Cal <& Va.l 6." | 7W Savage 14
100 Confidence 64' 100 Sierra NevacSa. 22
200 Gould & Curry. 40 \ 200 Sierra, Nevada. 23
100 Gould & CUrry. 41' 100 Silver Hill 4-1
200 Gould & Curry. 42 ; 3C> Union Con .... 2*
Following were the sales In the Paclflo Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
2C0 Belcher 14 11700 Mexican g
16C0 Best & Belcher 22! ZOO Mexican *>
2C0 Best A Belcher 241 400 Mexican *J
200 Caledonia SC 800 Ophir «1
2S0OC C & Va....l 60 3C0 Ophir «°
70OCC & Va....l57V: ECO Potosi U
COO C C & Va I -CM 1(V;O Sierra Nevada. 21
SCO C C & Va....l 65 " 7W Stiver Hill 42
SCO Con Imperial... 02 llw> Union Con .... 21
800 Gould & Curry. i 3S
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 24 3«> Gould & Curry. 42
E0O Challenge Con. 20 3CO Mexican S3
200 C L' « Va 1 62W, 10O Ophir 63
200 C C & Va....l 67Va 400 O\-erman 14
2C0 C G & Va....l 63 ' 2U<> Sierra Nevada. 22
200 Crown Point... 13 ! 2^0 Union Con .... Z3
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 18—4 D. m.
Bid. Ask. j Bld-Ask.
Alpha 03 Oi'Justlce 08 03
Alta. C4 05IKentuck 01 CS
Andes CS C>'I«ady Wash.... — 02
Belcher 13 15!.Mextcan 32 33
Best & Belchr. 23 24 Occidental 04 CS
Bullion 02 04|Qphlr 63 K
Caledonia 74 75 , < Jvermaa 14 15
Challenge Con. is 19|Pcto9l ........~ 11 13
Chollar 11 13 Savage 15 17
Confla?ncr 63 65|Scorpion — 04
Con Cal A Va.l 65 1 70 Seg Belch«r 03 0»
Con Impe-rial.. — 02Fi»rra Nevada.. 23 23
Con Nevr York. 01 — ; Silver Hill 43 ?*
Crown Point... 15 17 'Ft Louis ....... OS —
Eureka Con.... — SJ'Stanclard 4 23 4 85
Exchequer — C2 Syndicate 09 11
Goata <4 Curry. 43 45' Union Cbn 1» 23
Hale & Norcrs. 17 19 ftah _ 0« 07
Julia C2 C3 Yellow Jacket.. 1* 15
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL CALL.
Receipts. Shipments.
™>ur, barrels 49,000 34,000
\Jheat, bushels .....127,000 *v 26.000
Corn, bushels 692.000 215,000
Oats, bushels 532,000 350.000
Rye, bushels 6 ,000 4,000
Iarley, bushels 105,000 14,000
WOOL— Spring Clip, is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 13® 16c; Northern, defective, 12®
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
9Hc; medium. 9c; light. 8<5S%c; Cow Hides.
SKc for, heavy 'and SgS^c for light; Stags. 6@
6Hc; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 9c: Salted
Calf, 10c: Dry Hides/ 15V4c; culls, 13%c; dry
kip. 15: Dry Calf, tt<ftl7c; culls and brands.
14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20iff30c each; short
Wool, 30ig"55o each: medium, 60075c: long Wool.
75cS$l each: Horse Hides,-, salt. $2 50<ft2 75 for
large and J2<R2 25 for medium. $1@1 25 for small
and 60c for colts; Horse Hides, dry; " $1 73 • for
large, $1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and EOc
for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c:
fall or medium skins,' 30c; winter or thin
eklns, 20c. Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth, EOc: medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4c per lb: No. 2
3<ff3%e; grease. 2®2V4c. '
The Eastern and foreign Wool markets are
looking up and the sales at the London auction
were from 5 to 7',4 per cent over the October
sales. This market remains unchanged 1 .
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8>.;c; three
half-barrels, 8c rone tierce. 7%c; two tierces,
7%c: five tierces, ~%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6H®C»4c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
9%c; 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins, 9%c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll@ll"£c per lb for
heavy. UMQUc for light medium, 12H@13c for
light, 13&@i4c for extra light and 15@15V*c for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, ll',fe«#
12c; Mees Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess. $13;
Family, $14; extra Prime Pork, $15<@13 60; extra
clear, $19 60<g20; Mess, $17; Smoked Eeef, 13e
per pound.
Hog products are quoted stiff and higher In
tho East, but there Is no variation In this
market.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb, 13'4@»%c for bright and 12%
«?13c for light amber; water white extracted
7%Ji8c; light amber extracted, e^Qlc; dark,
6©6\4c per lb. I
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 9@10c per lb for Italian
hardshell, 10c: No. 2, 7'/4c; Almonds, 12® 13c for
papershell, 9@llc for softshell: Peanuts, 5<g6c
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans, ll«J13c; Cocoanuts, $3 E0@5.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard, 8»4c; prime, 6c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, 10»4c per lb; choice. 9Hc; standard, 8%c;
prime. 8c; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
EO-lb boxes. 6V4c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 60 per box; 3-crown, $1 CO; Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 EO; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c:
30-40s, 7c; 40-50S. CVJe; 60-60s, 4Vic; 60-70s, 3?;c;
70-SOs, 3>4c; S0-90s, 2%c; 90-100s. 2Uc; 100-120s,
lHc; rubles. He premium; Sonomas. %c and
Bar; Joaqulns Uc less than Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same. Apri
cots, 6®Sc for Royals and 10®10Hc for Moor
parks: Evaporated Apples, 6i@6c; sun-dried.
3HW4V.C; Peaches. 4®5c for standard, 5®6c for
choice and 6>4@7c for fancy; Pears. 2@7c;
Plums, pitted, 5(§6Hc; unpltted. l@lHc; Nec
tarines, 6@5\5C for red and SH'Ste for white.
How the recent reduction In Prune prices Is
regarded In New York will be seen in the first
column. Dealers there are generally pleased.
APPLES— 35065c per box for common and 75c
<5$1 50 for good to choice; SpMzenbergs. $1 25®
1 75; Oregon Spitrenbergs, $1 25®1 50; Lady Ap
ples, nomnlal.
PEARS— 50c@U per box.
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys, $12; Wlsconsins,
$13 60: Cape Cod. $14 per barrel.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1(32;
Seedlings. 50c®$l 25; Tangerines, nominal; Man
darins. 85c@$l; Lemons, 25c(?$l 25 for common
and $1 50*32 60 for good to choice: Grape Fruit.
KOc<0$l 50; Mexican Limes. $4 50®5; California
Limes. 25®33c; Bananas, 60c@$l 50 per bunch;
Pineapples. 75cSI2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Six cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $1 60@2; choice do, $1 10<3>
1 75; standard, $1 05(gl 50; fancy seedlings, $1 15
©1 30; choice do. S0g35c. These prices were
v*ry good, considering the stocks on the mar
ket, but the warm, bright weather is reviving
the demand.
Other fruits stand the same as before.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage — California 'fancy, ; standard, ;
Eastern fancy, 20c; standard, ; seconds.
Receipts as reportPd by thp Dairy Exchange
were 34*100 pounds Butter. 677 cases California
Kuke, cases Eastern Eggs, 12.SS5 pounds
California Cheese and 26,030 pounds Eastern.
Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Extras, 20c; firsts, 18c; seconds,
17c.
Dairy — Extras, 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, 12c.
Storage— Creamery extras, 19c; firsts, 17c;
seconds. ; dairy extras, .
Pickle— 17c per lb.
Keg — 18c per lb.
. CHEESE— Fancy, full cream.% 12c; choice,
lOVfcc; common, nominal; Young Americas.
12c": Eastern, full Cream, 13@16>/£c per lb.
EOGS—
California ranch— Selected white, 26c; mixed,
colors. 24c per dozen.
California gathered— Selected, 23c; standard,
22c; seconds, .
Fiesh Eastern — Fancy, —. — I standard, ;
seconds, .
Cheese, though no lower, Is weak, owing to
lBrge receipts from local makers and the East.
Eggs stand the same. They are still quoted
steady, though receipts are ample for all needs.
Prices for Butter remained the same, but the
demand was poor and business dragged. Stocks
of held Butter are reported large, both north
nnd south, which Bhuts off the demand for our
fresh creamery.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Quail, $1 25 for Valley and $2 23 for
Mountain; Mallard, $3 50(?4: CanvasbacU $.T3>
3 50; Sprig, $3Q4; Teal, $3f3 HO; Widgeon. $2;
Small Duck, $1 50: Black Jack. $1 50; Gray
Gecae. $3<S3 JO; White Geese. $l<ffil 23; Brant.
$1 CO for small and $2 for large; Honkers $3@
4 50; English Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Hare,
$123: Rabbits, $150 for Cottontail and $1 for
Iirush; Doves. 75e per dozen.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@12c for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
14316c: Geese, per pair. $1 75@2; Goslings, $1 75
«?2; Ducks. $4(5 5 for old anil $5<S6 for vouns;
Hens, $4@5: Young Roosters, $i 50@5 F0; Old
Roosters, $3 60@4 EO: Fryers. $4 50; Broilers,
$4^4 50 for large and $2 50W3 50 for small;
Pigeons, $1® 1 25 per dozen for old and $2 50
{jT2 75 for Squabs.
Arrivals of Game were ICO sks. The feeling
was weak and prices for most descriptions
were off.
Poultry continues dull and weak ¦with a ten
dency toward still lower prices. A car of East
ern camo in.
Poultry and Game.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, E®7c per lb;
String Beans, 7@12%c; Cabbage, 90c; Toma
toes, Los Angeles, $1 2502 25 per crate; Egg
Plant, Los Angeles, MVgloo.per lb: Green
Peppers, Los Angeles, €@Sc per lb for Chile
and 12%@15c for Bell; Dried Peppers. 9@llc;
Dried Okra, 10@15c per lb; Carrots, 25W33c per
box; Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 23<£2 per
dozen: Summer Squash, $1 5C@2 per box; Gar
lic, 4c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $12<3'20 per
ton; Mushrooms, 10@15c per lb.
POTATOES — Early Rose, 65®75c; River Reds,
nominal; Burbanks, 35@50c for River and 85c©
$1 15 per ctl for Salinas and 65c® $1 for Ore
gon; Sweets, 40@50c for Rivers and $1 05©l 10
for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 90©2 25 per ctl; Cut Onions. $1®
1 25 per ctl.
Merced Sweets are dragging somewhat at the
advance. Onions continue very steady. Vege
tables continue to bring good prices. Receipts
were lighter, being 1 only. 34 sks.
BEANS— Bay os. $2 50@2 70; Small White, $4 CO
@4 65; Large White, $3 €5@3 85; Pink, $2 15©
2 25; Red, $2 75@3: Blackeye, $3; Llmas. $5 50
<Sa 65; Pea, cleaned up and nominal; Red Kid
ney. $3 75@4 per ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 5O@3; Canary, 3V4fB
3%o for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7%@9%c; Rape, 2@
2%c; Hemp. 3H®3»ic; Timothy, 6Hc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2®2 50; Green. $3 70@
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
All descriptions under this head continue
quSet.antJvUnchaneed.
Beaiis and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer. $5S8: Whett. $U®13 50;
Wheat and Oat, $10® 12 60; Oat. $9®12- Clover,
ncmlnal; Alfalfa. $8®^ EO; Barley. $7 50^9 50 per
ten.
STRAW— 35@47Hc per bale.
BRAN— $14 C0@13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50©13 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal 'at the mill. $25026: jobbing.
£26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@1S; Corn Meal, $25«?
25 50; Cracked Corn, $25 50026; Mixed Feed,
$15916. ,
Dealers report fine Hay firm and In demand,
while the : lower grades drag more or less.
There Is no accumulation "of stock, however.
Feedstufts stand the same.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
lows, usual discount to the trade: ¦ Graham
Flour, $3- per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 BO; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats $1 50: Hom
iny, . $3 5003 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 25:
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $60
7 25; In sacks, $5 75® 7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
14c: Middle County, free. 15@l8c- Midrllc roan
ty. defective I2@l4c; Southern Mountain? U
months', 9® 10c; Southern Mountain free 7
months'. 11612c; Southern Mountain defective
7 months'. 9@llc: Humboldt an4 MeXto. «
@17c: Nevada. 13(516c per lb. Mt °^ociasy. 10
Fall clip— San Joaquln. 6%B8c: do larihs S3
? C: Mi^ d J ? e ,, COUI l y -t^ 10c: *° rthe ™ MS,ntalJ
free, 10@llc; Southern Mountain. 7uqs%c;
Humboldt and Mendocino. Ilffl2c Der lb
HOPS— 12@16c per lb. v
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF-W®S%c for Steers and 697% per lb
; for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 8@9c; small, 9#llc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9H@10c; Ewes. 9@9%c
per pound.
LAMB— lC@llc per lb; spring. 12H913C per lb
PORK— Live Hogs. 5T4#fic for small and 5%^
6c for medium and 5Vj©5*4c for large; stock
Hogs and feeders. WaS^c; dressed Hogs. 7»i
©S%c
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags.. J3 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. 6%c; ¦yVool Bags,
28^®32Hc: Fleece Twine. 7Hc.
COAL- Wellington. J9 per ton: SouthfMd
Wellincton. $9: Seattle. $7; Bryant. $7: Coos
Bay, S5 50: "Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $3: Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke. $13 per ton In bulk and
$18 In sacks: Kocky Mountain descriptions. \i 45
per 200O lbs and $3 SO per ton. according to
"SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.2ic; Powdered. 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.S5c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c; Magnolia A. 5.35c: Extra C,
6.2Cc; Golden C, 6.15c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags,
10c mere. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos, half-bar
rels. 6.50c; boxes. 6.7Sc per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNKSDAT. JAJTCAJtT 18.
Flour, qr sks 26,430 Wine, gals ...N 73.100
Wheat, ctls lO.f.GO Brandy. ral» .... 13.650
Barley, ctls 2.22". Leather, rolls ... 174
Beans, sks 1.C22 Llm». bbU 228
Potatoes, sks ... 14.723 Powder, car ... 1
Onions, sks 61C Tallow, ctls 474
Bran, eks 00 Sugar, ctls ..... 1.160
Middlings, sks .. 1,270 Pelts, bdls S.034
Hay. tons 32SJHldes. no 199
Straw, tons 13 , Quicksilver, flaks 115
Wool, bales 2al
OREGON.
Flour, qr slcs ... I,6nij0nions, sks 583
Oats, ctls 190 Bran, sks 1.820
Potatoes, eks ... »,832! Middllnes. sks .. 300
$7 30@7 40; whisky, distillers' finished srood*.
per gallon. $1 27; clover, contract grade, $11.
THE SA3ST FRAISTCISCO CALX., THUKSDAY, JANUARY 17, 1901.
On the Produce Exchange to-<Jay the butter
market was active; creamery. 14@3Oc; dairy.
il®iSc. Cheese, quiet, lOcQllft. Eggs, active;
116811, lie.
Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and easy; No. 3 spring wheat, . 65@72c; No 2
red, 75@76%c; No. 2 corn, 36%c; No. 2 yellow,
3»>%c; No. 2 oats, 24c; No. 2 white, 26H@27o-
No. 3 white, 26#26%c; No. 2 rye. B2V4c: fair to
choice malting . barley. C2@62c: No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 65; No. 1 Northwestern, $1*66; prime timothy
seed, $4 65; mess pork, per barrel. $13 tVAQW,
lard, per 100 pounds, J7 42^4; short-rib
sides (loose), $7@7 25; dry -salted shoulders
(boxed), $5 I2!i'tiG 25; short clear sides (boxed).
8
ssr
an.
STOCK& | Bid. | Antod.
Turlington — *>
Blackjack ISO 1M
California-Standard J7 -"
Caribou 61 57
Continental — j»
El Dorado 1(0 IM
Koar Oil Co \ 57 M
Hanford 103 00 108 00
Hanford-Fresno-Kern River.... *4 43
Home Oil Co 3 70 —
Homestake — H CO
Independence 21 2-
K«rn Oil" Co" 11 0O 1125
Kern River 15 00 17 00
Lion Oil Co 23 »
Los Angeles a & T. Co 4 00 —
McKittrlck • S3 K
McKittrick Consolidated 29 SO
Monarch of Arizona EJ . •
Monts Crlsto 2 la 1 2^
Occidental of West Virginia... — 69
Oil City Petroleum 33 P0 .14 no
Petroleum Center • *< -« 5
Producers' A Consumers — 10 0O
Peerless ™ iM
STOCKS.
Ri-ed Crude Oil Co «3 »1
Kan Francisco & McKittrlck... 1 »;) —
Pan Joaquln O. & D. Co 13 2-» 13 p*
Shamrock .1^ . *J
Sterling O. & D. Co 8 • »
Sunset Original - 1«
Senator... ; *> * »
Twenty-eisht 2 *> *"
Thirty-three Oil CO ~ "*2
AVest Shore «« |»
VTolvertn* 1 M J " r »
Yukon '.V.'.V.V.V. I w I ~
MTXTSO STOCKS.
ssr
an.
STOCK& | Bid. | Antod.
Turlington — *>
Blackjack ISO 1M
California-Standard J7 -"
Caribou 61 57
Continental — j»
El Dorado 1(0 IM
Koar Oil Co \ 57 M
Hanford 103 00 108 00
Hanford-Fresno-Kern River.... *4 43
Home Oil Co 3 70 —
Homestake — H CO
Independence 21 2-
K«rn Oil" Co" 11 0O 1125
Kern River 15 00 17 00
Lion Oil Co 23 »
Los Angeles a & T. Co 4 00 —
McKittrlck • S3 K
McKittrick Consolidated 29 SO
Monarch of Arizona EJ . •
Monts Crlsto 2 la 1 2^
Occidental of West Virginia... — 69
Oil City Petroleum 33 P0 .14 no
Petroleum Center • *< -« 5
Producers' A Consumers — 10 0O
Peerless ™ iM
STOCKS.
Ri-ed Crude Oil Co «3 »1
Kan Francisco & McKittrlck... 1 »;) —
Pan Joaquln O. & D. Co 13 2-» 13 p*
Shamrock .1^ . *J
Sterling O. & D. Co 8 • »
Sunset Original - 1«
Senator... ; *> * »
Twenty-eisht 2 *> *"
Thirty-three Oil CO ~ "*2
AVest Shore «« |»
VTolvertn* 1 M J " r »
Yukon '.V.'.V.V.V. I w I ~
MTXTSO STOCKS.RELATIVES THINK
SHE TOOK POISON
Assessor; Dodge yesterday^issued a
classified list of assessments of the mer
cantile Interests of this city for the in
formation of the merchants. The assess
ments of the various firms and corpora
tions for 1898 and 1900 are shown, the total
Increase for last year being $11,372,082. The
assessments of the quasi-public corpora
tions show an increase of $23,408,107. The
recapitulation of the statement shows the
total increase in the assessment roll of
1900 over that of 1898 and , the extent to
which • the various classes of property
have been increased in valuation follow:
i « ~ ¦ ¦ _
SUMMARY OF INCREASE ON PERSONAL
;. : . - i PROPETRTT."
Increase on Insurance companies....... $400,000
Increase on commercial banks.;.'....... 1,018,234
Increase on private bankers.; ' ' «3oi898
Increase on national banks 6,381^423
Increase on wholesale merchants. ....... I1.3720S2
Increase on quasi public corporations.. 23, 40s!l07
Increase on franchise and other (sources 11.S36.678
Total I'.... ....$55,047,820
Increase on downtown real estate...... f 1,008,880
Increase on Improvements, new bulld
lnrs ..;................................... 4.762,035
Grand total Increase... :..... ........ |80,S08,235
Lees reduction on old : Improvements .
and outside, districts. 4 ... ..• 8,000,000
Net increaaa of rolls... :../... ..$57,808,235
.The- expense for clerks" - : salaries ; InV 1900
was $71,190; 1?98. J104.352 13.
CLASSIFIED LIST
OF ASSESSMENTS
Assessor Dodge Prepares a
Comparative Statement
WILLOWS, Jan. 16.^John ; Scripter. who
robbed John'Achs, 1 a rancher of .Orland.of
$10 and a gold watch after attempting! to
murder him last Saturday, returned \to the
ranch of Briggrs Flack/ near, GAraantown,
to-day and gave . himself : up.'-.^The , livery
rig which he took with him 'was "found
near Orland. HHHHbsB^I^ ' '
John : Scripter Surrenders.
i \ Chester" H.'^ Speers. \ formerly, assistant
general - passenger, agent ¦ of ; . the Atlantic
and Pacific railroad . under ,W. A. Blssell
now greneral traffic manager of the. Santa
Fe.'-has been appointed greneral passenger
agent of the Colorado Midland Hallway
and ; his . headquarters •will be in Denver
Mr.,: Speers Is .well' known ,ln this- city" v
where he^has'many frlenda who will wish
him " Buccesa . in his new .'position. - *
Chester Speers Promoted."
• The; San Francisco Construction Com
pany: wants ;, to build a twelve : lnch sewer
at • Francisco >nd ¦ Montpomery,'streets"an-5
has asked * the [Board 'of ,» Harbor >: Commls-'
sionerB^to'aRrree.f to, the Jeame.lThe matter
was , yesterdayi referred '.to • President^ Kll
burniwithioower'toact. . :? •;'"*-•
¦ 'Marcus "A: "Jackson, asked, for., npace at
thefnew Fishermen's "Wharf- to erect a
boat". building;' plant.' He ; .was informed
there;.was!no,epaceto'8pare. : / i-^ .. "
Bids ; f or> the i moving: ; and < improving: of
the oil shed now^ bet ween ferry slips 4 and
5 iwere*ODened:and':Newson>&; McNeil se
cured the job 'at i$n90.'- ~V- ; v •¦' .-.•, ¦'¦
The Commissioners ' decided . that Bate-
Harbor .Commissioners Meet.
-Charles '.Sheaf. .William Meyers and F.
P. Miller against American and Hawaiian
Steamship Company, to recover $193 67,
alleged to be: due the complainants for
wapres as seamen on the steamship Amer
ican. '.^40 IMt VHH0*fv4'^sV B lMB8> BB^sa|
Georsre Milne of Aberdeen, Scotland
against the bark Theobald for H00O. dam
ages' alleged to 'have been sustained by
the British ship Invermark in a collision
in 'the bay of San Francisco on January 3
of this year. " , -.
i Libels in admiralty were filed yesterday
In the United States District Court as fol
lows SSf tHBSWR ¦MB>^4KS9|BIs9PVM
Two Ships : Ubeled.
The^ grand ball which' was trlven \ last
night -under) the auspices * of ', the ¦ Golden
Gate Commandery y>f : ; Knights Templar
was a* brlHlahti8uccess, ; both : 1 8bclally and
financially. Over 250 couples were presenc
and participated In the grand -march,
which was s led by,, the ; officers -.' of , t he
commandery and - their -partners. - The'
passage way leading to the main hall was
converted * Into •* an £.. arbor t of • intertwined
palms f and • evergreens - and Illumined by
many colored electric lights.- The hair It
self * presented . an *' even *<\ more brilliant
scene.-: Long* streamers' of flowers and
foliage Interspersed with lights of various
colors were suspended from ..the center of
the ceiling . and . attached to - the rails of
the; balconies.' ¦ ;
Knights Templar Ball.
Hn of New Tork delivered an able and en.
tertalnlnfr lecture at Metropolitan Hall
last night on "The Ancient Melodies of
Erin." The lecture 'was given for the
benefit of the League of the Cross Cadets.
It is estimated that fully 2000 ' people,
who were anxious to hear the learned lec
turer, were turned away at the box office.
Richard C. O'Connor acted as chairman,
and in introducing Father McLoughlin to
the large audience, # expressed a,' hope
that the day is not far distant when Ire
land will again" take her / proper place
among the nations of the earth.
Father McLoughlin, who is a fluent and
eloquent speaker, won the. favor of the
audience when he 'announced at the out
set that be was proud 'to be able to eay
that he is the eon of an Irish father and
mother. He then gave a brief history of
the . Irish people and ' their . love of • coun
try and o/ music. "The golden harp on
the banner of green," said . he, "is sym
bolic of Ireland, the nation of music and
song." He next compared the -melodies
of Ireland with those of other nations and
said that they were . universally admitted
to be i the purest and sweetest on i earth.
Father McLoughlin sang several of the
old-time melodies of Ireland .during^ the
course of the lecture and Madame • Mar
quardt rendered a harp solo. .Other vocal
numbers were rendered by Charles E.
Hay and lUos Daisy V. KetM.
ERIN B THE LAND
OF SWEET MELODIES
Father McLoughlin Lectures for the
Benefit of the league of
the Cross.
The Rev. Father Thomas P. McLough-
HOTEL ARBIVALS. .
GRAND HOTEU
Kana . IK" H xriti-
R Raymond, Napa ¦
T Relame, Napa
J J Knowlar. 8.L Ob
E Painter & w. Ala
i Capt >G D Morrison, Ala
W S Seabrook. Wash ,
J H Tuttle & w. Watv
M J Green. San Mateo
W E Slater & w. Cal
P Cavaenaro. I Stockton
W- E . MoldruD." Ala \
D L Albert. Ot . i.
J F Claop. Chicago
W. Morshead. < London
M C Dickey A w.~ Skau
Mr Crof ton & w. < Can
J H Drain, L Angeles
Mr Boon. Lob Angeles
W L • Roberts. Rlversd
B P.Tuohy.' Spokane
F D Baldwin. ¦ S ; Crui
O E Kennedy, Liverm
B Penerth. , Tacoma '""
XV "Whiting. Eureka
C Bulllvan. : Eureka
J W Tounsr. Eureka
L Persons, Eureka'
E Mayn>16\ , Suinun >¦
J Miller &»w. Btocktn
P Curt?. ¦ Loope :¦ ¦¦ ;
N Eckntein., Seattle- .
C H Rector,. Mont '
FH Mills; TJ 8 A' '
T f , s E?r*y. Hanford
' Miss D Curtz, Loop*
T A X. r . e^ nnl nB.Loor>e
A; Klnplenty. Uoope
Miss Tregonningr, Loop
« uurtz, Loope
1 » L Coulter. Nev
O.W Gilbert. Butte
' D J. Koeblff. QHroy
i I Rocera, Cal
S? J? Mujw.'-.Bkrsfla 1 .
K V MeCune. 'Salt Lk
! £ £ Stamford. Cal.
i f MRooney, Sacto /
M1 « £. £}***• Cal •:'•";:
B;O Puriow.'Ctol i
"HCowln.- Ban Jowl
-; - PALACE HOTEL. r : '
W. W Walnh." Stockton
H C Moore, San Jose "
Q ¦ Holford,
S R Britten,' Menlo
S Martin. NT ¦
.O H Johnson, Oakland
J M Murphy. Oakland •
Mr & Mrs Crof ton. B C
J J Woodward; Seattle
D Mason : & ; w, ; L'Ang,
H. O'Connor & w. Pa
H K O" Brlen, N -T ¦ -: ¦ -'
A K Kenyon; N. T 'i
T-J Klrk.\8acto; -^
J.B Lankerfthim.L Ang
1* i R ¦ Crawford, Boston
-W Jonea & vr. N-J -'¦--:>
W Brophy. Pa«o Roblea
C M Wheel en. Eureka
C 'A Herbert,^ Los ' Ang I
W H Harding*. .Denver
L M Houseman." ChJo *
A ', M Andry," Carson *~ ;.
rA H.Rogru9,',MinnViv;;
G/H-RoBu«,.Mlnn',', -
J hXV. Perkins, ,. Ind •. ¦-. ¦. ¦¦
E : 8 ' BocardUB," . Spattle
"W T. Zwick. Seattle
'A Kef nine. Portland
'C Meyer/ N Y<r -*'
S II Jenks & w, R I
KI Jenks, R i
Hattie E Carpenter, R I
Mrs J A Doyle, 8 Mateo
M Mlki. Japan ,¦¦:.:.
J F RaeoivN T'
Jensen, i Sweden
H. M ¦ Davto.^ Mo :•¦-•
HA Btrouss N'T ! ¦¦
C H Lyf ord. N T ~~ '
W;A MorehousQ,N.T v
Mrs , MorehouHe, N.< Y- '•
O • Walker & w. Cal > \
w A 8 Hobart. -- S Mateo i
C A Baldwin. 8 Mateo
E^* r Sl an »"- Burlln*ame
O.W.RuBsell.- Idaho ;<
K Swenron,-; Stockholm
P A-Demena.il,-Amr »•
F c
W.R Moon. N Y
.^'L? packer, 1 Minn I
IB Mercer. ¦ Minn ¦
O C Mannfleld." Chicago
KWShedd. Chicago*
W-R Taylor & w ,
* Florin v ;
J C Fulton. St Paul
The Verein Oesterrelch, a leading Ger
man-Austrian society bf this city, haa
elected the following named as officers for
the ensuing term of one year: Ed Lam
berg, president: Joe Lechner, vice-presi
dent: Jul Tarnotzy. recording secretarv-
Robert Kflnnger, financial secretary- T
Eisenzopf, treasurer; V. Houswiczka
requlslter; L. Mayerhofer, G. Wlnkler R
Thomo, trustees; Dr. I. Soboslay examin'
ing; surgeon. -
Verein Oesteireich's Officers.
In a ishort time ehe died and her. body
was removed to the Morgue. There was
found in her room an empty vial, which
the deputies at the Morgue are Inclined to
bolleve contained poison. As the friends
of the dead woman are anxious to know
whether or not she committed suicide, it
has been decided to hold an autopsy on
the body. _
Mrs. Boscus gained considerable noto
riety some time ago by forcing the man
ehe afterward called husband to marry
her. Armed with a six-shooter she forced
him to accompany her to the chambers of
Justice of the Peace Kerrigan and In the
presence of several witnesses 6 he com
pelled him to listen to the ceremony
which made them husband and wife. Sho
had the revolver In a convenient pocket of
her coat and, according to her own story,
she would have shot Boscus had he re
fused to affirmatively answer the ques
tion whether or not he took her to be his
lawful wife.
Shortly after that marriage Boscus left
his newly wedded wife and went to San
Jose, where his parents reside. The un
fortunate woman seemed to worry over
his desertion and she became very 111.
Tuesday night one of the occupants In the
house where she lived heard her groan
ing, and. entering the -room, he found her
breathing her last, , :'-.. -
or not ehe was a victim of self-destruc
tion. . ."
One of the most ¦ Important events of
the dramatic season is the Minnie Mad
dern Fiske engagment, which will begin
next Monday evening at the California
Theater. Mrs. Fiske will appear In the
name role of "Becky Sharp." a part which
she created and has made, famous
throughout the East. The play Is, of
course, founded upon "Vanity Fair." and
the arrangement is said to afford Mrs.
Fiske perhaps the best opportunity of
any part in her varied repertoire.
> • • •
, This is the closing week of Florence
Roberts' special engagement at the Al
cazar and the last week of "Nell
Gwynne." Monday • "Sweet Lavender"
will be the bill, and Llla Convere will
make her reappearance . In the title role. • "
• • •
\ The popular <. "Cinderella" Is In Its last
week at the Tlvoli and i next week 'TThe
Fencing Master" ' will follow. This Is the
first time the Smith and De Koven opera
has been given here at popular prices and
a good production is promised. . Bernice
Holmes will make her reappearance In the
opera. ¦ ¦
• ' • *
"A Stranger In a Strange Land" Is doing
excellent business at the ; Alhambra this
week.v "A Star Boarder" comes next In
order. f
• .¦•¦¦.•- :*.;
The .week's bill at the Central Theater
is "The .Two ' Orphans," always popular
and apparently still as much so as ever.
"Darkest Russia'- will follow.
• . • •
¦ Lockhart's "Baby Elephant'* act Is the
chief attraction, at the Orpheum this
week, but Eugene O'Rourke and Rose
Braham In their sketch,- "Parlor A." run
It a close second by .their clever work.
* * • . •
The Chutes and Zoo have an amusing
programme for : the week including a
"black ballet." To-night Is - the always
funny amateurs' night. .
• • ¦*
Fischer's Concert-house offers MJle. At
lantis In aerial • acts. Marie D. Wood In
new songs, Sid Baxter, and others on its
goou bill. 1 •'
Mrs. Minnie Maddern Fiske Will
Open Her Engagement Next
Monday Evening.
"BECKY SHARP" NEXT
ON THE CALIFORNIA BILL
'The police. picked up the trail made by
the buckboard and ' followed it to the
river bottom, near Phoenix, .but could
proceed no further In the tJark. . On the
following morning a party of deputy
Sheriffs • searched along the fiver/ for tho
trail, but the masked men had concealed
their. tracks so well in. the fine sand. that
the police have been unable to locate the
trail. , The Police -. : Department at first
kept the • affair . nulet. but to-day, made
announcement warning parents to closely
guard -their -children. ¦-. ¦
Young Wagner said tl:at for more than
a week he ' had noticed • two men, whom
he 'now believes to; be the masked men,
leisurely , strolling 'along the sidewalk
where ; the attempted ; kidnaping . took
place.. They, had watched his movements
closely, v but 'his /suspicion :<<was*. not
aroused; .The elder Wagner believes thnt
the masked men ¦ had been • watchine . for
an opportunity;; to steal ¦ the -• son of ¦¦ a
wealthy Phoenix visitor who lives In the
same neighborhood and resembles Robert
Wagner. . - -¦•¦--¦.¦:-¦•¦ •-.. : . - .
The boy hurried home and Informed his
parents of the plot to steal him, and the
Police Department was notified/; The
men who had been attracted by the out
cries hastened ,to the 'scene, but young
Wagner, who saw them coming, believed
them to be accomplices of the masked
men and ' eluded them. (J*Q^S
PHOENIX. Ariz., Jan. 16.— The kidnap
ing fever has reached Phoenix. On Sun
day night Robert Wagner, the 12-year-old
son' of Nicholas Wagner, manager of the
Phoenix Theater, while on his way to the
opera-house, where "he • lives with his
parents.' was seized by . two masked men
and hurried toward a buckboard. where a'
third man was in charge of the horses.
Every thing was apparently planned to
speedily convey, the boy out of town, but
young Wagner, was successful In thwart-
Ing the attempt of the masked men to slip
a gag over. his: mouth and made outcries
which attracted -the attention of pedes
trians and ' frightened, oft the would-be
kidnapers.
of Thugs.
Lad's Lusty Cries Thwart
the Plot of a Trio
TRY TO KIDNAP
A PHOENIX BOY
man Bros.' claim for $4041 50 for extra
work on the new ferry depot was equita
ble and referred the matter to the Legis
lature for settlement.
D. J. Fleming was appointed collector,
vice A. M.- Furlong, time expired.
• The death of Thomas Ryan, collector at
Broadway Wharf, was reported to the
board. Mr. Ryan was taken sick Satur
day afternoon and died yesterday morn
ing. He had a host of friends In San
Francisco who regret his death. One of
his daughters Is now acting as private
secretary to Judge Estee in Honolulu.
¦ f - : -¦¦¦¦'•' : ' rrnrTBffT*" ms ffTTnfflmfffifflFi ¦ • -.-;¦
STUDY OP A HEAD BY DR. ARNOLD GENTHB, ONE OP THE- ARTISTIC PRINTS NOW ON EXHIBITION AT
THE PHOTOGRAPHIC SALON IN MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE OF ART. CLEVER MEN AND "WOMEN
THE WORLD OVER HAVE CONTRIBUTED.
THE first Photographic Salon held
in San Francisco, which will
open to the public this evening
at the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art, bids fair to be an extra
ordinary success for a first ' at
tempt in this direction. The exhibition Is
to be held under the auspices of the Cali
fornia Camera Club, which has succeeded
In attracting the attention of artistic
photographers In almost every State In
the Union, in addition to obtaining exhi
bits from England and "Bonnie Scotland."
Altogether, about 1500 pictures were en
tered, in competition for. the various
prizes, and of these 700 have been chosen
to adorn the walls. The hanging of the
exhibition Is completed, and the
collection, which includes all kinds of
photographic effort, landscapes, character
studies, portrait studies, genre, marines,
In every., kind of ; photographic medium,
A '»' » « « -T "«' » » » »¦¦»->- ,¥„»„?¦ *..T..T»Tm*,,*iiTi<*i,Tii*i
leaves a decidedly pleasing impression. '
The latest fads are all represented. A
rank Impressionism, In which everything
Is left to the imagination, has a single
exponent In C. Ackerman, who shows "A
Violinist," whlclr one must take upon the
artist's word only, as the photograph
might be that or anything else one chose
to call It. W. J. Cassard of New York Is
a realist per contra, and shows some quite
eatable peaches. C. Yarnall Abbott, also
a man of Gotham, has a couple of admir
able nudes, and some Quite wonderful red
chalk heads. Oliver Llpplncott shows In
dian girls in carbon and a good nude: H.
Lovich has one of the good architectural
exhibits. "Haddon Hall- A. C. Pillsbuiv
has some, excellent panoramic photo
graphs, of which he Is inventor, and Gar
rett P. Ryley of Chicago sends a urlze
veteran of many exhibitions, "Guardians
of the Doge's Palace." -
From Boston comes an admirable char
acter study of an old woman by H. A.
Latimer; Miss Florida Green, formerly a
member of the California Camera Club,
sends "Homo Portrait Studies" of Goth
am's swelldom: James F. J. Archibald,
war correspondent, sends a couple of mo^t
Interesting war pictures from South Afri
ca, one of which includes portraits of
"Bobs" and General Kitchener and staff,
and D. F. Detlefaen of Chicago baa a
novel exhibit.
The local lights are well represented,
and compare very favorably with the best
Eastern work. Arnold Genthe has a
charming show of portraits: Mis3 Laura
Adams exhibits some highly original
work; W. J. Street. Oscar Manrer. Mrs.
Crowell. Miss Martha Galloway ara all
well represented, and "Wilcox of Berkeley
has a distinguished portrait collection.
Edward R. Jackson, who Illustrated pho
tographically "The Gentleman from In
diana," Is hardly seen «tt his best.
The exhibition will remain open for two
weeks, including Sundays, during which
time the Camera Club will have three
special Thursday evening entertainments.
SAN JOSF FIRM
IS IN TROUBLE
Sheriff Levies Upon the T.
W. Spring Company's
Stock.
SAX JOSE. Jan. 16.— The firm of T. "W.
Spring Company was levied upon to
day by Sheriff Langford under an execu
tion issued to Joseph S. Silverbersr In San
Francisco for J33.S41 22. The Sheriff at
once closed tho doors and put the keys in
his pocket.
The firm 13 one of the oldest In Santa
Clara County and until a couple of yean
ago was one of the most prosperous. It
was established by the late T. W. Spring
at the corner of Market and Santa Clara
streets and has occupied that location for
thirty-four years. At the death of Mr.
Spring It passed to his children. The
execution obtained by Sllverberg. who
represents Schweitzer & Co. of New York.
Is for goods purchased In the clotnln<
lines. It 13 directed against Fred W.
Moore and Marcella S. Moore. hi3 wife,
who . comprise the firm of Spring Com
pany, and was obtained In Judge Dunn's
court in San Francisco. There are costs
also of $7 and interest at tho rate of 7 per
cent from date of execution.
Henry M. M. Spring, a son of T. W.
Spring, waa at the head of the company
until about eighteen months ago. At that
tlmo Mrs. Emily Spring. hl3 wife, sued
him for divorce and obtained a decree on
charges of infidelity. She was granted
$150 a month alimony. Spring turned th»
store and other property over to his
6lster. Mrs. Moore. And her husband and
fled East to avoid the payment of ali
mony. There is nearly -$3000 due Mrs.
Spring and she also has an execution
against the firm and an order of sale. For
some time the Sheriff has been, trying- to
sell the store under the order, but Moore
has refused to allow him to enter the
place. On a number of occasions when
the time for the aale was set Moore locked
the doors and k»pt the official out.' A3
the Sheriff now. has the keys he probably
will dispose of Spring's interest In the
business to. satisfy Mrs. Spring's Judjj
mrnt -fwiU'ift i'lfflirriiflT ilWI'BlliiiiiWn I'll
Exhibition Opens To-Day at Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art Under Favorable Conditions.
FIR5T PHOTOGRAPH IC SALON
IS RICH IN ITS PROMISE
Mrs. Grogan; who lives at 43 East
Twenty-first street, received a letter from
France with news of her uncle's death
and Information that her daughter Dalsv
was sole heir ¦ to his fortune of $500 000
Mrs. Grogan was named as sole executrix
of the estate, and has engaged John W
Brainsby and Hugh F. Doris; lawyers to
have the will probated and her daughter
placed In possession of the money
Miss.Groean is ambitious to study for
grand opera, and she and her mother will
Ball for Europe In the spring
NEW, YORK, Jan. 16.— Misa Daisy Gro
gan, a member of Charles Evans'
"Naughty Anthony'' company, now play
ing in Kansas City, Is heiress to half a
million dollars left by her greatuncle, Jo
seph Le Gueval. The bequest unfolds a
bit of family history that reads like a ro
mance. Joseph and Pierre " Le Gueval,
brothers, lived In the picturesque town
of Palmehol, in Prance, on the Knglish
Channel. They parted in 18G4, Pierre com
ing to America and moving to the Pacific
Coast, where he became interested in
large railroad contracts and other proj-cts
with the late Marcus Daly. Pierre's wife
had died in France and he was accom
panied by his daughter Annetta, six years
old. Sixteen years later Annetta married
Malachl Grogan In San Francisco.
In 1S95 Joseph - Le Gueval came to the
United States to seek his heirs. In San
Francisco he found his niece, Mrs. Gro
gan, who had become a widow, with her
daughter Daisy.; The old man was
charmed with the beauty and intelligence
of his grandniece and took her back to
France with him to complete her educa
tion, promising to make her his sole heir
Miss Daisy spent three years In a con
vent, but having developed a taste for
the stage she returned to America with
her mother's approval and was enraeeri
by David Belasco for the role of Winnie
eoubrette In "Naughty Aathony," at the
Herald Sauare Theater.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Million.
Popular Young Actress Falls
'....Heiress 'to' Half a
DAISY GROGAN
GETS A FORTUNE
A small Boer commando entered Suth
erland, cut the telegraph wires, looted the
stores and then proceeded northward.
According to the Cape Town corre
spondent of the Dally Mall, the Boers oc
cupied Aberdeen, forty miles south of
Graafreinet, Tuesday.
A unique feature of Kitchener's fighting
scouts la the enrollment of 300 Matabele
camp followers for riding and leading
spare horses. This Is likely to renew the
color agitation.
The War . Office issued no fresh news
yesterday.
Defensive measures in South Africa
proceed apace. Seven thousand men have
Joined the City Guard In Cape Town and'
3000 others have volunteered in the sub
urbs. An additional big gun has been
mounted on Table Mountain.
There Is a rumor current in Cape Town
that several Boer leaders are urging an
attack upon the mines. It has been long
understood that General Dewet has been
anxious to Join the invaders in Cape Colo
ny, and this rumor may be spread to
cover an attempt to break southward.
As an « outcome of the fact that the
Boers in several instances have worn
khaki, a Government notice has been pro
mulgated in Pretoria prohibiting civilians
from wearing khaki and notifying all per
sons who wear this costume, which Is
likely to be mistaken for the British uni
form, that they will render themselves
liable to arrest and Imprisonment.
LONDON, Jan. 16.— The Important re
port received from Johannesburg that
General Dewet has crossed the Vaal and
Joined forces with the Transvaal com
mandoes, If true, probably means the con
centration of 7000 Boers with several guns
fox-, another big attack. :¦'_ ',
General Dewet Will Lead
the Burghers Against
- .liicir jj.oe.
Seven TMsanflRe
puMcans Ready
lor Pray. §|
Boers mass
for attack
on british
MRS. KINCAID PRESIDES OVER
THE SCHOOL BOARD MEETING
She Is Addressed as "Mrs. President," "Madam/!
"Madam President" and "Mrs. Chairman/ 1
FOR THE FIRST TIME A MEMBER OF THE FAIR SEX PRESIDES OVER A MUNICIPAL BOARD, AND HER
FELLOW DIRECTORS, ALL MALES, SEEM TO VARY IN THEIR OPINIONS AS TO HOW SHE SHOULD
BE ADDRESSED.
YESTERDAT was a red letter day
for those women of San Pranelsco
ambitious for the recognition of
their sex In governmental affairs,
for It marked the first time of a
¦weman presiding over any branch of the
municipal government.
Mrs. liar}' Kincald yesterday morning
presided over the meeting of the Board
of Education, of which body she was
elected presiding officer last week, and
did so with becoming dignity.
Directors Casserly. Denman and Mark
have been unable to agree as to the proper
title they should bestow on the lady who
presides over the Board of Education and
at yesterday's meeting each one addressed
Mrs. Kincald in a different manner.
Before the meeting was called to order
there ¦was every evidence tt}at something
unusual was to take place. Two large
bunches of fresh violets were on the
table In front of Mrs. Klncaid's seat:
potted ferns were set near the window of
the room where the board meets; every
thing In tlfe apartment was In apple-pie
order and the male School Directors
locked far from being composed.
¦ Director Casserly is the "Beau Brum
ir.el" of the board and In honor of Mrs.
Kincaid be wore a boutonniere of violets.
Director Mark displayed a posy ,' of red
carnations in his coat lapel, while Direc
tor Denman 'was moet carefully groomed.
F»»cretary Hanson and his assistant, Mr.
Kooe, uere on hand early and Superin-
Director Denman was not quite sure of
the manner In which Mrs. Kincald should
be addressed, and though he spoke a num-
Director Mark was the next to place
himself on record and In taking part In a
discussion addressed Mrs. Kincald as
"Mrs. President."
"The secretary will please read the min
utes of the last meeting," said Mrs. Kln
caid, and she listened attentively to -Ir.
Hansen. Every presiding officer has a
pose, and Mrs. Kincald is no exception to
the rule. She sat yesterday with her left
elbow resting on the arm of her chair and
leaned her face on her linger tips.
To the credit of the male Directors no
grave error was made during the meeting
in addressing Mrs. Kincaid and those
who thought that she might be addressed
as "Mr. President" were disappointed.
Director Casserly was the first to form
ally address Mrs. Kincaid. With a court
ly bow he rose from his seat and In a
nervous manner addressed the presiding
official as "Madam President."
Secretary Hansen ptood up as he called
the names of the Directors, and while
the male Directors answered, "Here,"
Mrs. .Kincald politely answered, "Here,
sir."
Promptly at 10 a. m. Mrs. Kincald en
tered the board-room and took her seat
at the head of the table, where her asso
ciates were seated. She was neatly
gowned in a plum colored dress, trimmed
with black velvet, and wore no jewelry.
'•The meeting will please come to or
der," she said as she rapped the table
with her hand. "The secretary will call
the roll, please."
tendent Webster was also present to wel
come Mrs. Kincald.
ber of times, he did not address his re
marks to the lady at the head of the
table, but epoke to all present. After
half an hour, however, Denman evidently
had made up his mind. He did not agree
with the "Madam President" of Director
Casserly nor with the "Mra. President"
of Director Mark, and went on record by
addressing Mrs. Kincald as "Mra. Chair
man." Secretary Hansen contented him
self with ' "madam" and so did Assistant
Secretary Hooe. while Superintendent
Webster thought It more dignified to use
the term "Madam President."
The meeting lasted an hour and Mrs
Kincald showed that she waa well
acquainted with parliamentary rules, cor
recting her associates when they made
motions contrary to Cushing's Manual
The board established two new classes,
one In the Sherman Primary School and
one In the Washington Grammar School
Miss M. Stebbins of the Mission Grammar
School was assigned to the Sherman
Sofcool and Miss E. Chase of the Marshall
Primary to the "Washington School. Miss
May O'Brien was assigned to the Mission
School and Miss V. Casserly to the' Mar
shall.
Leaves of absence was granted to the
following named teachers: Mlsa IX Mc-
Donald, from date until the opening of the
fall term, 1901; Miss Lena Booth, Edison
Primary, from date to the end of the
March vacation: Miss S. M. Kingsbury
Lowell High School, from January 21 to
opening of fall term, 1901; Miss F. A
Dcane of the High School unasslgned list
was assigned to the Lowell High School
during the absence of Miss Kingsbury
*l ar ? I L., clar . ke was appointed Janltress
of the Wlnfield Scott School In place of
Mrs. Boyer. resigned.
THE SAH FRANCISCO JANUARY 17, 1901.
The friends of Mrs. Minnie Boscus, -who
died under mysterious circumstances at
1022 Mission street Tuesday night, believe
that she committed Buldde on account of
being deserted by her husband. Last
evening several of her relatives visited the
llorg-ue and demanded that an autopsy
be held on her body to ascertain whether
Much Mystery Surrounds
Sudden Death of Minnie
Boscus.
9
Messed value of real
«*tate :
sssessed value of im-
provements ..........
.esessed value of per-
sonal property j
$189,448,545
88,321,185
»»0,457.42S
98.073,220
89,577,337
121,624,659
Total ...............
increase in 1900.........
$353.347,0C7
1410,155,204
157.808,237
v: To, Cure the Grip'; In TwoVDays,
L " Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cores Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stasro
of the Diseass.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All Other. Treatments Failed
; Tner» h*» hern (Hsearered by tn» ERat*
Medical Institute. 203 Elektron balidtnr. Fort
Wayne. Ind.. the most remarkable Blood Potion
care ever heard of. It has cured all »uch In-
dications as '' mucous patches In the month,
•ore throat, copper colored spots, chaaorem,
ulceratlons of the body, and in hundreds of •'
cases wh»r« the haJr and eyetuums had fallen
out and the whole ekin waa a 'mass of boils,-
pimples and ulcers this wonderful apeciflc haa
completely changed the whole body Into a
clean. - perfect condition of physical health.
Every railroad running Into Port Wayn* briars
scores ot suflerers seeking this new and marrel-
ous cure., and to enable those who cannot travel
to realize what a truly marvelous work the In-
stltute Is accomplishing they will send free to
every sufferer a free trial treatment, so that
every on* can cure themselves In the privacy
of their < own - home. This U tn* only known
cure for Blood Poison, Do not hesitate to
write at once and the frso trial will be> seu
. sealed In plain package.
OBAPE-ITUTS.
GOVT LUNCHES. •
Eminent Doctor Orders Grape-Huts.
An old physician in Washington. D. C,
comments on the general practice Govern-
ment employes have of taking with them
for luncheon buttered rolls and a variety
of non-nutritlou* articles of food, which
they bolt down and go on with their work.
Ultimately dyspepsia and pastrlc troubles
f-Tisue. and In all such cases where be has
be^n called In for consultation the orders
have been to abandon all eorts of food for
the noonday lunch, except Grape-Nuts.
v.hich is a ready-coolced. predlpested food
rt\<\ a concentrated form of nourishment.
This is eaten with a little fresh milk or
cream, which can be secured from the
vendors who pass through the buildings
tvrtr.g the noon hour. The doctor Eays:
"For many reasons I would prefer not to
have my name used publicly. I>> not ob-
J'-ct to your f urnishinir same to any hon-
eft inquirer. I have been prescribing
Grape-Nuts in numerous case* for about
a year and a half and am pleased to say
my patients have reason to be thoroughly
satisfied with the results. I am myself
a strong believer In Grape-Nuts and shall
continue to be so long as the preparation
elve* the results I have obtained thus
far." The doctor*e name can be had of
the Postum Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle Creek,
Mich. K5BTHE SAN FRAKCISCO GALL, THURSDATjIUJANUARY 17, 1901.
10
SAW FXIAXCISCO CALL.
CUEINESS OFFICE of. Tht 6aa rraodeco -
Call, eorner cf Market and Thlrt streets; open
¦WCd 12 o'clock every sight In the year.
HRAJCCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street.
rrrner Clay; open until 8:39 p. m.
'.''¦ Hayes rtreet ; open until 1:10 p. ta.
'".• McAllister street: open until 3:30 p. m.
CIS Lerkln street: open until 9:M p. in.
!Ml Mission street; open until 30 p. no.
llfl Market eireet, corner Sixteenth: ©pen ,
crtll i p. in.
1M Eleventh rtreet; open until S p. m.
K0t VT-Jenela street: open until » p. m.
"N'ertlrweet corner Twenty-second and B*en-
tt:rky ftreet? : open until 8 p. m. •
MEETING NOTICES.
FirXERAL NOTICE— California Com- — .
mandery No. 1, Kr-ights Templar.— •g£j« .
Officers _xd members are hereby no- jfT
tiScd to assemble In the asylum for RX
the purpose of attending the funeral *flf
of our deceased frater. SIU R. BEVERLY .
COLE, on THURSDAY, January 17. 1901. at .
I:li o'clock p. m. Templar service. By or-
der of th« Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena
Lo<!g« of. Perfection No. 1, A. and A., *w*
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be A
fcfld Jn Commandery Hall. Masonlo Aj&
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. «S-0 ¦
January 17, 1S0L at S o'clock. Degrees 9
and 10. HENRY BURNER. Sec
CALIFORNIA LODGE No. 1.- F. and A. ~Z
K.. will m»et THIS (THURSDAY) _jf4
EVENING. January 17. at 7:33 o'clock. Jft_2P
First degree. By order of the Master. '''
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 7», R. A. M.— m
Stated meeUng THIS ,_A_.
EVENING. 7:»0 o'clock. Buslnees, Jt]*
P. il. and M. E. M. degrees. By or- /Vi
der of tfce II. P. JNO. R. HILLMAN. -
Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.— JT~
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _i\
KVEXECO. at 7:30 o'clock. Tfclrd de- TSJc
gr«e. By order of the Master. /^r »
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
CCNCORD1A Loige No. 121. I. O.
O. F.— The funeral committee Is =_gK_Sagi
5;ereby notified to assemble aX Odd ¦^55K?i3ir
re-tow** Hall THURSDAY. Jan. .^f/t*^
I'. _t 1:30 o'clock p. m., to attend the funeral
of cur late brother, JOHN" SCHLESSEL-
MANN. HUGO SCHEL'NERT. N. G.
CHRIST ROEKER, Rec. gee.
ANNUAL meeting— Regular anneal meeting of
the stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
c"ornpan>- *:il be he'd at the office of the .
c<-rri;.ari>-. Z21 Market et.. San Fraacisco. Cal.. i
rn MONDAT. the ISth day of Januarj'. li-OL |
at the hour of U o'clock a. m. t for the pur-
l>o«e of electing a Board of Directors to serve.
lor the ensuing year and the transaction of .
euch other bu.lnres as xnay corse before, the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Thurs-
day. January 17. ISC', at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
6TOCKHOLDEI'.S' Meeting— The annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be held/ at the office of the com-
pany. l.I Market St.. Ban Francisco, on Tues-
day, January ZZ, ijOl. at 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a Board of Directors
to serve for the ensuing year. _nd for the
transaction of euch other buslnees as may '
come before the m^etinx.
J. O'B. GUNN. Secretary.
Office t22 Market st-. San Francisco. CaL
January 10. 190L
TO the stockholders and members of the C. F.
Kapp Company, a corporation: Notice Is :
hereby given that a general meeting of the ,
etockholders and members cf the C. F. Kapp •
Company, a corporation, will be held at its
office and place of business. No. 12C0 Market
Ft.. In the city an_ county of Ban Francisco.
Piate of California, on SATURDAY, the 26th
<5sy cf January. 1901. at the hour of 12
o'clock rn.. the object of said meeting being
the removal from office of the following
r.am«>d directors of said copcration. to wit:
C H. Kcehncke. Bertha Koehncke. Carl W.
Mueller and Alfred Fuhrman. and that at
euch meeting !t Is the Intention cf the under-
FlsTied to propc«e the removal cf each of eaid
directors, -nd also at Eald meeting the repeal,
atnenamect and adoption of new by-laws will
be coneidered. CHAS. F. KAPP.
President C. F. Kapp Company.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing cf the stockholder* of the Oceanic Steam-
fh'.p Company win be held at the office of
the compair, £27 Market st.. San Francisco.
California, on MONDAY, January 2L 1901. at
the hour cf 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pote cf electing a Board of "Directors to serve
fcr the ensuing year, and the transaction of
Fuch other business as may come before th«
meeting. Transfer books will close on Thurs-
day. January 10, 19C1, at 3 o'clock, p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. |
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN
RULE BAZAAR— To the Stockholders of The
Emporium an*! Golden P.ule Bazaar, a Cor-
poration: Please take notice that the annual
meeting of the stockholders cf The Empo-
rium and Golden Rule Bazaar, a corporation,
will be held at the principal office of th«
company. In the Parrott building, located on
Market Bt'., between Fourth and Fifth. In the
rity and county of San Francisco. State of
California, on THURSDAY, the 17th day of !
January. 19CL, at 2 o'clock p. m.. for th-
purpos* of electing directors and for the
transaction of euch other business as may
properly come before the meeting. By order
of th_ Board of Directors.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Secretary.
Dared January ?. 1ML
•N'PTICT". Is hereby given that a special, meet-
Ir.g of the stockholders cf The Ran Francisco
flTid San JmiQuln Valley Railway Company
¦will be held at tbe principal office of the
ccmr.ar.v m the city of San Frsnrlfco, Cal..
rn SATURDAY, the nineteenth (19th) day of
Jtnuary. 15C1. at 12, o'clock noon, for the pur-
pcFe of approving "and ratifying an agree-
rrcnt fcr the tale and conveyanace to and
ruicr-s^e by The Atchleon. Topeka and Santa
Fe Railway Company of the railroad, prop-
erty and francMFe* of The San Francisco and
San Jcaquln Valley Railway Company, and
to transact any other business that may
legally come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
Fan Francisco. January 4, 190L
/NNTAL MnETIN«J— The regular annual
meeting cf the stockholders of the Pajaro
Val>v Consolidated Railroad Company will
The h*ld at the office of the company. 327
Market rt.. Fan FYa*>cisco. on MONDAY, the
twenty-first day of January, J301. at the hour
cf 11 o'clock e. m.. fcr the purpose of elect-
lrj: a beard of dirertcrs to serve for the
year and the transaction of such
ether buainrss n* may come before the meet-
!r.#r- The transfer books will close on Friday,
January IS, 1301. at « o'clock p. m.
TV. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
BORROW en diamonds: perfect secrecy: prl-
vate entrance. UNTLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
MEETINGS — Universal Ilrotherhood.
THEOPOPHICAL Society will give by request
the Greek rympoffum, "Hyps.Ua," In archaic
"istume, at Academy of Sciences Hall, 819
Market St.. Sunday, Jan. M. 8 p. m.: musical
FPl<*-t!op.;»: all Invited; hendqaarters In rm. 30.
AGEXTS WASTED.
/.CENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easl»r to sell than books or insur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
J?"? TO J000 per month; men or women; salary
rr corrmiss'.on or both. 9!7 Markrt St.. r. 615.
ATTOItXEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, sr: Market at.. 6th floor, room «7
—Estates, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections: ell cases; fair fee: no advance
<-hanre«: loans on estate.. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fe* without success; collections. <}. W.
rtOWE. atty at law. KO Market cor. Stc*:ktn.
rEAXK TV. SMITH; minlnir and probate law a
specialty. Mills big., r. 3. 4th fir. : tel. Red ZSIS.
ATi\*ICE free; no chanre unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. £TT Market ft., opp. Mason.
L. E. CLARK. F.mm» Spreckela bide.. 927 Mar-
iKet ft.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ASI'HALTL'M HOOFING.
3. PELTIER, asphalt rooflng-. sidewalks re-
pr.ired: ponta?. lift Mission ¦ tel. Folsom 18C7.
BATH CAm\CTS.
"TrLnCTRIC llpht bath rablnets to let asd for
rale. V.Zi Point Lob^a ave.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREX.
GOOD home for 1 or 2 children; German lady
be«t r<»rs. from former parties. 636A Sixth Bt.
ULfrHVESS CUAXCES.
A FIRST-CLASS barber ehop: heart city- must
. ro. COWING _c CO.. VIS Market Bt. '
A CORNEIl trowy; best part city; living I
rooms. COWING & CO.. 71* Market «t.
A RE.'TAURANT: heart cf city; best bargain I
rrer offered. COWING _: CO., "1» Market st.
A DELICACY etore: fine location: living rooms-
home cooking. COWING. 71» Market st.
A B'JTCKER shop: corner: receipts tZi day
fr.ap. <:O\VING & CO.. 719 Market st.
CIGAR PTOrii:— Splendid downtown location,
jiiyjng business: rent JSO: »rood stock and fix-
xur^s; fl'kf-ss cause of selllnc: genuine bar-
pain &t price. SSOO; many ather bargains in
bus. opportunities. O. \V. SCHWEINHARD
rhone Mint »1L 817 Market, bet, tth and 6th!
S:rO — COrtXER saloon and 7 famished rooms;
barjraln this day. McLAUGH-LlN & CO.,
777'-j Market 6t.
J300—^."IGAIt slar.d: business 'comer. Mc-
LAVGHLIN A CO.. 777H Market Bt
TO buy. Bell or exchange real estate, store or
liuFlncsa jiltee call on H. C. DECKER, 1020
Market ti.
$?0f;— I-lESTAtrRANT: best location In city; re-
c«>< r t_ J1S 6*r: invesUeate. LUNDIN, «3
Market ft.
1500— ESSTAtTRANT; paying well; rent $30;
payment*. D. McRAE. S37. Mission st. • -
dcsiness cHAjrcES— -coprxiinrjED.
A— S700; COR. butcher »hcp, In northern part
of city; rent 120; horse, cart: selling 4 cattle
and about 15 sheep per week: a cash custom.
Call R. G. WILKE> 26fr Kearny Bt.
A— JJ500; WINE and liquor business In Oakland,
with agency for one of the largest wineries
In the State; a rushing bar trade and larg*
route of private customers: located on prln-
dpal street. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A-J2500-CHOICEST saloon on Kearny St.;
close to Chronicle building; established years;
S years' lease; all cash down not necessary.
Call R. G. WILKE. : «H Kearny st.
A-f 500— THIRD Interest In laundry company;
doing a first-class business; retiring partner
to leave for New York, Apply R. G. WILKE.
_•'» Kearny st-
A— $1600— CORNER grocery and bar on Guerrero
6t; rent $40; large stock, horse and wagon
and a first-class paying business: established
3-gars. Call R, O. WILKE. 26V6 Kearny St.
A— ONE of the best saloons with commercial
lunch; close to Palace Hotel; rent $50; owner
sick In bed; a great sacrifice; only S500 cash
down needed. R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A— ?S00— CORNER grocery and bar on Langton
et.: rent $30; place estab. 20 years; roust sell,
as owner wants to retire and give long lease
to right party. R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny.
A— $250— PARTNER wanted in an employment
office: can clear easily $150 per month; only
rood, active man need apply. R. G. WILKE,
26*4 Kearoy st.
A— $275— CORNER saloon In tha Mission; rent
$20; lease; good-paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny tt.
A — $750 — Restaurant with 25 furnished rooms. In
Stockton; rent $25; 2 years' lease; owner to
leave fcr East; must sell quick: a good-paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE. :S% Kearny st.
PARTNER wanted In a large, old-established,
profitable business, controlling a good, safe,
eoUd und reliable trade; owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to sell
an Interest to an acceptable party: duties will
be the keeping of accounts and assisting
generally In the management of the business:
capital required $5000 to $10,000; full value In
tight; books and business open for Investiga-
tion. Apply J. W. DONNELLY & CO.. 6S2
Market st.
A— WANTED— A good tenant for grand corner
etore and basement, with fixtures suitable for
procery business: special Inducements. Ap-
ply SPECK & CO.. 667 Market £t.
$35f>— PARTNER wanted; can make $150 a
month; only good live man need apply. CAL-
IFORNIA BUSINESS ASSN.. 865 Market St.
A PARTNER In a first-class butcher business
in a thriving city on this coast; practical man
preferred; capital required $1500 to $2C00. Box
1154. Call office.' ¦
A SURE, immediate fortune for honest person
with capital; call quick 1 to 3 and 7 to 8 p.
' in. LAWN. Lick House. •
FOR eale to-day— A good clear store;.a good
chance for a good ir.an. Inquire 825 Mission
st., room 3. ,v:; «, ¦
STATIONERY, notions and cigar store; good
location: with 3 living rooms. Addrees box
A. Call branch office. 300 Hayes st.
OUTSIDE route for sale on this paper. Apply
Call office.
AN* active young man with capital wants to
lnveet In lucrative business. Box 1185, Call.
SHOOTING gallery. 1173 Market St.
$250— PARTNER wanted; light business; no
experience required. 9 Geary st., room __,
PLAY THE RACES'. • »
Our expert handicap figures netted $662 last
month, playing $10 straight on each selection;
commissions from $20 up will be accepted to be
played by us as per our handicap sheets. N. S.
HAND & CO.. 34 Kearny St.
FOR sale— An old establlshea bakery busl-
neFe. baking about one barrels of flour a day;
prlncl pally store trade; can be doubled by at-
tending to It. Apply to HARTTER &
HAYES. 216 Front st. ¦
FIRST-CLASS coffee and ehophouse for $275, at
Junction of Market, Gough. Haltrht and Va-
lencia; transfer point; rent $S; no a<ent;
must sell on account of other business; a
map and fortune for right party. 1932 Market.
AA — $400: grand opportunity for lady or gent.;
location perfect; cigars, periodicals, nctlons.
Waiting-room. C3d ave. stctlon, E. Oakland.
SHORT-HO1.'R barber shop for sale or ex-
change for shop in Oakland or Berkeley.
Box lirr. Call office.
JS60— MEAT market; finest In city; 5 blocks
from Call bldg.: rent $15: strictly cash trade.
Inquire 109 Buchanan rt.
FOR sale— Restaurant doing good business;
right place* for man and wife. Box 1163, Call.
$t30— RESTAURANT for eale. Box 1176. Call
office.
CIGAR FtHnd and newstand; must be sold. 165-
1L7 Fifth st.
ISZG — SALOON for sale: second door from Kear-
ny; $20 month. Apply 423-425 Jackson Bt.
RESTAURANT for eale. whole or half; will
give trial. 961 Howard st.
WHITE Front Saloon. £33 Washington St., near
Montgomery; no agents.
I- OR sale — Fine grocery, bar and living rooms:
cause, sickness. 631 Geary St.
CIGAR store; fine location; for sale; cheap.
29 Ninth st.
$*«i WINS $300 per month at races: references
given. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
1C-ROOM flat: downtown $500
SO rooms; clears $1SO 2300 j
24 rooms; house clears $150 2f>00 I
14 rooms on Mission st r,00 j
8-room flat on Taylor st 2">0j
£9 rooms: new furniture; $1000 cash...... 1600 j
18 rooms on Third ft €00
10 rooms on Powell st 9.">0 j
46 rooms; fire corner; clears $200 Z'M j
24 rooms on Geary Ft.; clears $1".0 19C0 i
rS rooms on Kearnr fit.: clears $1SO 160O j
40 rooms; boarding-house 4000 t
33 rooms on Market st 1400
12 rooms on Post st.; In payments &50
12 rooms; clears $7j ; 4iO
KO others'— Prices from $1CO to $25,000.
MONET TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
€0 ROOMS; newly furnished: rent $150 $3000
87 rooms; money-maker; near Market . 1900
10 rooms; Van Kw?; finely funu: extra.. 959
15 rooms; Leavenworth; rent' $57 60..'. 900
10 roomt; $450; 10 rooms, quick 850
2J rooms; detached: handsome yard, with
drive to barn and lease $10 month, leaving
rent-only JtT> month; clears $10O month: special
snap. FISHER & CO. 1C32 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF, 101C Market st
Telephone Mint 1C91.
2? rooms: rent $50; a bargafn Ifi.'-O
47 rooms; Al location; part cash 2700
€0 rooms; north of Market 2700
2C rooms; sunny corner '. 2250
21 rooms; worth $2jO0; reduced to 1300
A FREE LIST MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market; tel. Black l?03; near Call bldg.;
over 500 houses, from $200 to $19,000;) big and
little houses: money loaned If you 'want lo
buy or sell; please call.'
CALL and see our list of bargains In houses;
we have them In any part of the city and at
any rrlce. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S
Sixth st.
ANDREW PRICE & CO., SO Kearny St.. room 8.
Big bargains; list in office; money loaned;
clear title; houses all full.
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. 33 Kearny St.. rm. 6.
LARGEST list lodKing- houses: (rood bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHAUD,
rms. 1-2, 917 Market st.. bet. Fifth and Slith".
11 ROOMS, partly furnished; rent $20; good
location: every room light. S17 Pine St.. near
Kearny.
$2000—56 ROOMS; fine location; well furnished;
all rented; low rent. BASILE, 8 Eddy st.
$f50— LODGING-HOUSE of 70 rooms; $250 In-
come. 105 New Montgomery st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGON9.
WAGON for sale. S15 Ellis st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon. Flngle. also light
camping via«on. for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
9PIRITDALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, la w-
eults. divorces, deaths; unites the separated:
mining a specialty: drs. Sun.. Wed., Frl. ev's.
Come and be convinced. Permanently located.
M3 Eddy su, bet. Hyd* and Larkln; no fI*jh.
C. V. MILLER'S ethereellzlng materializing
seance, S p. rn. ; COc 1GS4 Bush St., near
I^eaven worth.
MRS. EBERHARDT— JubfJee anniversary, test
olrcle to-night; 10c; dancing at 10. 2250 22d at.
W. G. KEEGAN*S spiritual meeting every night
except Saturday. 10c. 143 Sixth et., 2d floor.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
COS McAllister st. ; 10c; come, skeptics.
illtS. LESTER^ReaJIngs daily: circle every
eve.. 10c, except W«^.; devel. circle. 222 Turk.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium &. healer; read.
dally. 10 to 10. Vendome. 11C4 Market, rm. 14.
E ARLE. 205 Taylor st.. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; aeaace Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 14» Eddy si.
ALEXANDER CARTELL, healer & developer;
ehort time only; treats all diseases.- 3 Eddy.
C. Mayo-SUers. 112*^ Oak. trance medium;
readings $1; hours 1-S p. rn.; tel. Howard 627.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mr*.* C. • J.
Meyer; sittings dally; testa to all to-night; 10c;
Mn , S * J * /* WHITNEY. , trance/ bus. medium.'
l"e reader, med. clairvoyant. . 1164 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME, M. BERNARD, "
THE: FAMOUS.
Clairvoyant and Business Medium,
Is permanently located - at 17 Third " st., ¦. next
Examlnrr building. She ¦• reads your , life . cor-
rectly, gives an accurate description of _ the
past, reveals the present happenings and, por-
trays events to occur In the future.' If • you
are In trouble, discontented, unhappy . or not
satisfied in life, or have domestic, love or busi-
ness troubles, consult this great l medium and
you will be told how to overcome them."/.
Valuable advice In all affairs of life. <
Full life reading by n.all; write for Informa-
tion; 26c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. '
MRS.. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail ; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. £>ally and Sunday.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; 15 years* experience: her knowledge of the
- unseen forces Is invaluable to professional and
business men, to wives and lovers: follow her
advice and you will make no mistake, v 1104
Market st.. corner Mason, room 18. :-.'•¦¦'¦:• :•¦"
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second -sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit, tl 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant ¦ and
'palmist, permanently located 1143 Market,.op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. rn. to 6 p.' m.
MME. LAKOSE, clairvoyant," card reader: best
advice, 25c up. 472 Stevenson st.', cor. Sixth.
MRS. Melvlll, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11.6th;Gcrman spoken; tel. Howard 184fi.
1TME. STBILLE— Cradle to'euive: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. v>14 O'Farrell st.
MME. HANSON', palmistry, card reader; 'past,
present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth st.. room 14.
MRS. BROWN, scientific card reader: readings
daily. 103 Fifth Et., room 2..
MME. VALEEN. clairvoyant, card reader,
palmist and healer. 215 Leavenworth st.
MME. ZEREDA. the pypsy. in the great palm-
ist and card reader; 2T>c. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has removed to 3CS O'Farrrll Et.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1H9 Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium.- 215 Kearny st. rooms 8-10.
MME PCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S',A JeFsIe st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 2. r >c up. 5 Fourth st.
BORROW on diamonds: secrecy: private en-
trance: private rooms. Uncle Harris.. 15 Grant.
CAIirKT I1EATIXG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 3D3-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, lnld at 6c.
STRATTON'S. 3 F.lchth St.: tel. Jeesle 944.
J. E MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main S94. OEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
COXKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 116. ;>. ¦¦' -'-,
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, Insxown nails, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutt»r.
COLLECTION' OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
tO — COTTAGE: rear; 4 rooms and attic; garden;
close to cars. 112H4 Filbert st.
~ ' . ' •
AT^theELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC?'scipMar^
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without, plates cur specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up: of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 30 p. m. : Sunday*. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. I).. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 por cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brld«e.work. See our new
unbreakable plate, the. Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, (3 50; fillings. 50c; plates,
$5. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth r t,
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions cr fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and .guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farreil St.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting wh?n plate? are
made; old rlates made over like new; teeth
from IS per set: extracting. 50c; gas Blven.
THE New York Dentists have moved to SG9
Mission St.. ccr. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges: difficult plate work solicited:
positive painless extraction, EOc. '
DR. H. G..TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
A. L. SIMPSON. D.D. S.. 1206 Market St.— Ex-
pert tooth extractor: crown and bridgework.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 2S5 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of. teeth. $4: crowns. J3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM — ••Palnlexs" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SKT of teeth without plates. DR. II. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk Bt.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MpDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut: evening class. 1019 Market St.
EDUCATIONAL.
LEGE. 123S Market St.; Individual Instruction
in bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
rlvil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123S Market St.
AYRES* Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; JS per month; t50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
* courses; 154 position? 6ecured for our students
during the past 5 months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert F\
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand, reportorlar phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HKAI.D'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F". — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, 'etc. ; day
and night sessions; new SO- pace catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references, President Jordan or : any
Stanford professor. Phelan building,:
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to It by . written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; Pitman sys-
tem: private lessons by an experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL. 126 Kearny St.; r. 53.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeptngr-fljTures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott > bldg. _
ENGINEERING, civil,. «lrc. mln!ngr,mech.,sur-
vey. assay; cyanide. arch.;day. eve.; est. 1834.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. S33 Market,
MIPS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by ofnnlal re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
MONEY advanced on articles of all "'descrip-
tions, from $1 to tlOOO, at UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant ave.. •' , .'
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players.- club prac-
tice. Merkl, reliable teacher, 1008 Mission st.
FRENCH.Spanlsh.etc.Prof.DeFlllppe'RAcademf
cf lanfruagen 320 Pont ;entab*d 1371: ablest profs."
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing Bookkeep-
lng, Spanish. 137 Mont|y. E. M. Carpenter,*. pr»
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day. or eve. ; $5 mo. .1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILT.USTRATION-PARTINOTON'B DAY nnd
n.LT'PTP A TION : night class. 4M Pine >t.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co.; ost;
U70: practical recommend: try* them; removed
to 41& Devlsadero;-.tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese • help of . all -kinds;
cooks, waiters and . house servants. ,GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush; 135..
JAPANESE and Chinese '-' employment ' office:
best help. US O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.-
RF.LIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment; of-
ilce ; all • kinds help. ., 315 Stockton;; Main 51S8.
A B C EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
. e«e help fur. S44 California; phone James 2601."
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese," Chi-
nese help. 425 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel.Blqck 5072.
CHINESE j and ''Japanese- 1 Employment ; Office—
Beyt help. «im Q'Farrell rt. : tel. ¦ East : 426. .."¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED^-FEMALE^
SITUATION wanted . by ! colored ' woman rtol do
* light ' housework ' or < chamberwork. ¦ : Apply \ at
617% Ellis St.. bet.' Larkln and Hyde,; In court.
A YOUNG girl wishes a place for second work,'
or ' would do general- housework > in 1 a *: small
family.- Please call at '613; Bryant at.' ' -,
WOM AN- with ' a girl 1 10 years old j wishes 1 work
In country. • Box 1187,\Call;offlce. v
YOUNG Scandinavian lady wishes to do second
wcrk or general housework. . 1S44 Howard st.
EJIPLOYMEXT WASTED FEMALE.
TOUNQ lady wishes position 1 as stenographer;
has had some' experience. Address 'A. C.H.,
'800 Mission at.' r , : ', - '~~ ¦ ' '-. .
AN « elderly ." woman ¦ wishes ¦ a situation to : do
housework in a family; city or country; ¦mall
_wages. ? Coll 49, Shipley st. ..;,- :
¦WANTED— A ! position In refined family to care
for children » and teach Spanish. MISS C,
. 114*3 , O'Farrell ; tt. ,,
COMPETENT- woman wishes to do washing
and Ironing by the day.. 414 Octavla St.. up-
'per'flat.i - - . . . n
"WOMAN wishes . washing -' to take home. • or
will go out by the day;. $125. MRS. F..
S3) Fourth »'..
WANTED— By an elderly woman, a situation-,
is ; good, plain cook and houseworker; smal"
wash. 8H Br-ant st. •'.. /-. • ..;v -': ¦ '.-..'
AN ¦- experienced designer, dressmaker and- la-
'., dies' tailor wishes work by the day In faml-
¦ llen; only $160.; Box 10. Call office.
DANISH girl wishes situation as cook; private
American family; wages $20. yg.~< 412 Sixth st.
WOMAN; wants work by the day; ' good laun-
tlress. '¦•706 " Larkln st. ¦ , :-'.-.'. '¦¦¦'¦ :
WANTED— By competent woman, position - aa
. chambermaid ' in • hotel ; city or country. Ad-
.dress A. M.., box 1161, Call office.
YOUNO girl wishes position to do second work.
Box 12C0. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun-
dress.' 607 Larkln st.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as ln-
» fant's nurse; German; city or country; or
travel; first class references. Box 1111, Call.
POSITION wanted by reliable and experienced
restaurant woman as cashier apd stewardess.
Box 1152. Call office.
A WOMAN wants housework by the day; no
washing. Address box 1156. Call office.
BORROW money of the respectable nnd rella-
bl» house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
¦ WINCHESTER. House, 41 Third st, ncar^Mar-
ket-200 rooms; lie to $160 night. Jl JO to $3
week; convenient and r?spectable; free 'bus
end baggage to and from ferry.-
K3IFLOY31KXT WA.M'EU — KIALE.
EASTERN young man of good character and
address, understands driving and care of
• horros, wishes a position in private place;
references. Box 11S3, Call office.
AS nurse or attendant to Invalid gentleman
mentallyor otherwiss afflicted, by experienced |
German; knows massage; willing to. travel, j
Box 1U0. Call office. ;
EXPERIENCED roan of 40 wants position as !
clerk or barkeeper In hotel; city or countrj*:
moderate wagrs; references. Address box 5016,
Call, of flee. ¦ - - -
CARPENTER, good, sober and honest, can re-
pair wagons, etc., wants . stendy work with
some company, store or institution; wnges rea-
1 sonable; good references. Box 40C1. Call office.
RELIABLE man, temperate and a hustler,
. wants position as salesman on or off the
* rood; good referenea. 761 East Fifteenth St..
East Oakland. ¦
COOK wants a situation in a coffee house or
restaurant; no Sunday work; downtown. Ad-
dress AL NAUDE. 6 Magner place.
A GENTLEMAN of address and buslnees ex-;
perlence desires occupslion: amount of salary
not Important. Box 1181. Call oiHce. . - - - !
BAKER, foreman, reliable and steady, wants:
situation: city or country. Address Baker,
225 Third St.. Oakland. v" '.---.;
ELDERLY man, small, active, intelligent.'
wants place; competent to do any kind of
light work. Address H. C. J., box 1108, Call.
DOCTOR wants employment; has held several
hospital appointments. Box 1190, Call office, i
RELIABLE young m«tn wishes poeitlon in
country; any kind of work. Bex 1186. Call, j
YOUNG man of 20 would like position around
private place. Box 11S4, Call office.
A YOUNG man of <0 wishes a position as
talesman In this city or on road; has had 20
years' experience In grocery business East;
is an A No. 1 salesman; can give best refer-
ence. 403V4 Grove st.
YQUNG Christian man desires a position In a
wholesale or shipping house; some knowledge
of bookkeeping; handy all around. Box 1167,
Call. ¦ „ -
YOUNG civil engineer, university education,
desires position with engineer, survevor or*
conKactor;. good draughtsman and good let-
terer. Address box 11SS. Call office.
AN Elk in pood standing wants position; mar-
ried; steady, sober and Industrious: no rea-
sonable offer refused; anywhere. Address W.
L. -B.. -box 115!*. Call office.
j ?100,000 .TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver.'
i goaUklns, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS. 13
1 "Grant ave.
i '
I WAN'THD — Work by first-class bench hand and
I carpenter; 6 years' experience at bench work.
j Box 11C2, Call.
! BAKER wants position as first or second hand
I on bread. Address Baker. 503 Stockton st.
i WOULD lllte to have place as Janitor, watch-
man or club waiter. Address Sunshine Court,
room 3.
TOUNG Eastern man wishes position in whole-
sale house; best reference; 2 years' experi-
ence. Kox li:i. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements rfnd subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Filmijre st,
j EXCHANGE.
j FOR exchanfre — Washington land: also hotel
i praperty In Western Minnesota. Box 16, Call.
j Fl^TUKU
HOTELS and-. private parties wishing to have
'their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
- by the latest sanitary process may address
j FF.ATHKR FACTORY, 244 Stevenson st.
[ — "—— "" ' '
i FLATS TO LET.
TO let— New flats on. Burhanan st., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave. ; 5 and 6
rooms and bath; all the latest Improvements.
Apply G. H. Uay.SKN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let-LOWER flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1C02
McAllister st. Apply G. IL UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery Bt,
I FLAT 6 rooms, 329 Tehama St., with yard and
| woodshed; rent reduced. '
i ___—_—_—_—___—________ i .
j IF- you want to movn get printed list flats to let
j from BALDWIN &HOWKLL. 10 Montgomery.
; MODERN flat: 8 ro^ms. hath; good order. 112S
1 Howard ft., near Seventh.
I :
i MISSION. 1513, near Eleventh— 6 large,, sunny
I rooras; bath; laundry: rent $18. .
I NEW flat, 4 large sunny rooms; water free. 22
Sumner st., off Howard, near Eighth.
SACRAMENTO. ; 13C5— Two bay-window flats of
three -ooms; gas; rent .$7 gnd $12 CO.
$10— COTTAGE of 3 sunny rooms. 134 Rohe
ave., 1U blocks from Market, between Oough
and-Octnvla, ¦ : ; .
$7 — t-ROOM flats on Victor st.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery." 4)41 Bryant.
FLATS WANTKII.
WANTED — 9 to 10 rooms, unfurnished flat, by
young, newly married conpie; reasonable.
I'ox 1172. Call ; of flee.
furxitdhk for; sale., ;-.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak J4S 40. wIth~No~~7
, range. , King - Furniture ' Co., 1127-113U Market;
"j FURNITURE of! flat: r mu«t be. sold at once;
party leaving city.' 941' Jackson St.; cor. Mason.
FURNITURE of 6-rooms, partly rented; rent
JU\ month. »rZo_-gt.;. cornpr BranrAn. . '
FURNITUREof 2 to 8 housekeeping rooms for
sale cheap. Call 312 Kearny st. -.
I — i— — — »— -m__ i «-_-_____«________,
< FURNITURE' ; WANTED.-
Auctioneer— L.Vlncent.' 1305 Larkln ; tel. Polk esiT
•¦¦-. furniture &furn'd' houses bought; siwt cash.
TO receive highest' valiiG for. furniture, carpet?,
etc.. see W. E. Cody. ',!>- Mission; tel. Red 33o-t.
CHAS. LEVY :-* buys .'your furniture. ; carpetv.
pianos, etc n*_., Market ¦ st; ; . tel. '¦ Jessie 701. ;;
A. WOLLPERT. 1 773 : Mission et.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.:
, I1EH* WA.M'KIJ— Kt£.<lAl»lC.'
A-wAXTED^v?~^T.7;;r~. ". ;.'. ;¦.:.;; .; • .177^777
" Head : waitress "for officers' . dining-room ; for
institution.^ near clty.-*25, board, -lodging and
laundry. :W. D..EWER & CO., vGlO^Clay; st.;
A-HOTEL GAZETTETTe Montgomery, rm. 12/
, Waitresses, city- and' country, . $20, free fare;
. chambermaids,, $15, ; city.- ; --.-- ~. r.J'i
¦ GIRL/ wanted <¦ to do ; Beneral housework. - 11T
Clipper: st.,^ between Church ; andrSanchet,
.Twenty-fifth nnd ; Twenty-sixth. .,.-;-
FIRST-CLASS German ', cook ; with " city . refer-
1 enccs: wages good. Apply. Thursday, 2129
¦* Jackson Bt. : :
-YOUNG; girl s to"; do light housekeeping; two In
¦ family: easy place; good home; S6 per month.'
Boi 1183. Call office. ¦,-..¦'¦' " • :•
1 BORROW.'" on v pianos, ~_* furniture/, diamonds,
.; '; paintings ; 6ecrecy.";Uncle Harris, 15 Grant av.
; Gl RL . for ; light ; housework ' and care ' of ' 2 . chll-
dren. ;' 131 : Poat' st. -"- T&fiS&SBSSBgMBBwm&KB&i
GIRLfor light housework; small family; good
'--¦y home. , Call ; at ; 1134 Turk "" st. ¦
YOUNG drl '¦ for : house-work ; 2 must - be neat ;
. - wages ; Hi. 21Q2 Golden : Gate ; ave. ; car . fare.
WANTED— A V girl : for ' second J.work , In ' small
: family. Call at 20CO Gough tt." ' / r :„.
GIRL" for^ cooking and* general housework; Mn
, family;, wages «0.;: 2539 Howard St.
HELP . WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman .with no en-
cumbrance to . attend to . small ¦ grocery stor*
and, take care of two boys. Box 1193, Call.
rYOUNG " girl to assist / with light \ housework ;
no l washing; . references.- .. 527 Baker st.,^*>e-
• tween Grove and : Fulton. "
WANTED— A . woman ' with . good education tQ
" travel;: must be : capable, without incum-
. brances. t Box 407. '¦ Call office. . _j
A LADY of Indomitable . ener_7, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity, to right par-
ty." F. PERSON, room 412,; Parrott building.
.WOMAN with reference to do housework and
cook; wages $10. ¦ Address box 11*». Call office.
EXPERIENCED . ¦ ; dressmakers wanted. 330
Eddy st.
iGOOD hand at dressmaking. 11« Stockton st.,
MRS. STACY. _ . . .;
RELIABLE woman, housework, small Ameri-
,'v can fam.; elderly, lady prefd. .1481 Valencia.
FJRST-CLASS . finisher on coats. E20 Kearny
St., room _.*,. -_
WAITRESS; small. restaurant;, to work from
11 to 8; BOc. 165 Fourth st. *
GIRL to assist at lifrht housework and plain
cooking; 1428 Leavenworth st.
OPERATORS on cotton #h!rt waists. BAUER
BROS. CO.. 21 Sansome St. . r , ¦
WANTED— A ' good, first-claES waitress at 304
Mason et. ; - wages $7 a week.
GIRL for cooking and general housework; ref-
¦ erences. 426 Golden Gate ave.
SEWING machine operators wanted at Levl
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory. 32V4 Fremont
st. Apply to MR. . DAVIS. -
BUTTONHOLE makers, operators, finishers
and apprentices on coats, vests and pants.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO., Ml Market St.;
call -upstairs.
GIRL for general housework: family of three;
south of Park; $20, with washing: $15, with-
out; Rive references. Address P. ' O. box.
21S5, city.
EXPERIENCED fln!*liers and apprentices
wanted on-- pants; steady work; good pay.
.407 Stevenson st.
YOUNG girl to assist with light . housework
and. children; no washing. Call at grocery.
! corner Fifteenth st. and Potrero ave.
LADIES wishing to marry good men call or
write MRS. HERTZ. '.CG Ellis st. ; no charges.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 p. m. this evening.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework; 2
in family^ 1749 Ellis st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework; car-
fare. 2549 . Flllmore st.
Elderly German Catholic woman, housework;
¦no washing; sleep home; $18. 782 Fulton st, .
APPRENTICE girls on coats; paid while learn-
lng. 126 Russ et.
WANTED— German girl -to take care of baby;
must understand sewing. Apply 3232 Jackson.
APPRENTICES- in millinery.' store at 632 Mc-
Allister st. -
GIRL, ceneral housework. 609 Franklin »t.,
9. to 12.
WANTED— Girl to do cleaning In restaurant;
no waiting or cooking; reference. 25 Taylor.
EXPERIENCED girls to paste samples. BEL-
ASCO & HAimiS CO.. 641 Market (upstairs).
FIHST-CLASS button-hole maker on coats.
BELASCO &, HARRIS CO.. . 641 - Market St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
renolypd at Call branch office. 2?00 Flllmore st.
irKLP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY....... Phone Main 6848
...Leading Employmorit and Labor Agents...
WANT. 7 A. M. TO-DAY
2 single-hand miner.'..'.. .¦............$75
3 buttertnakers and milkers. ...$2.">, $39 and 135
Stableman, city.. Orchard pruners
Choreman. private place Farm hands
Woodchoppers Tiemakers
A-FOR HOTELS BAKERIES. ETC.
Second baker, country. shep ...$10 week
6 waiters, city and country {25 and S-'O
4 cooks $50 and W0
Washer, countrj' laundry.. ....'..Solicitor and
driver, laundry-".. •• •
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... .Phone Grant 1S3
Farmer and. wife, $C0; blacksmith for hotel
stables, country. $40 and found, fare paid:
buttermaker and milker, Sonoma County. $30;
milker and wife, $35
Ccok and wife, country hotel. $C0 to $65;
waiter for Nevada. M0; porter, flrst-cla«s
hotel. $30: entree cook. $20 week. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st. .
A CORRESPONDENT for a wholesale grocery
- house, between 25 an.1 35 years of age; siiary
..to commenca with +125. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st. .
A— WANTED *......
Experienced stableman for prh-ate place, $23
to $.*<0 and found, references -required; man
n.bout place. $25: woodchopp^rs. farmers,
milkers, plow handK and others: W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— WANTED............
Plain barber and assistant attendant for In-
stitution, near city. *C5, board, lodging and
laundry. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery.' rm.*12.
Runner. $30, country: 3 colored walteis. $25
and $35; man and wife cooks, country, $65;
bellboys, $15; head waiter, $•»©.¦
A 11ODCARRIER. 2 carpenters, finishers, non-
union; no office fees. Mechanics' Registra-
tion "Bureau. 410 Kearny st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbere' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LESS, Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sea, 104 7th; teL Jessie liS.
MEN OR WOMEN
Paid Big Commissions.. ..•
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. 21 Spear st. • '•
WANTED— Steady, reliable man aa. partner In
restaurant to attend cash counter: clears $75
per • month;. No. 1 chance toasultable party.
Apply 906 Market St., room 8.
PHYSICIAN wants an honest, bright, intelll-
Kent ¦. boy, about 12 years old. to wait at
door.' run errands and do light office service.
Address Doctor, box 41U2, Call office.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man.; F. PERSON,
room 412." Parrott building. .
WANTED — A good cutter to purchase a" fine
old-established tailoring business; terms easy.
Box 1109, Call. office.
WANTED— Boy to assist at delicacy counter;
must have experience In that line. Apply to
MR. WHITNKV. 432 Pipe St.
WANTED— Boy ; '¦ wages - $3 per week. Apply
soap, wagon: -starts from'- Mason, and -O'Far-
rell sts. 8:20 » to-day. V
BOY, for ofilce work. J. O. MEYEUINK, 42S
Sansome st. '.,
EI^DERI^Y man as cook - for boarding-house.
V 322 Main St. . -
HOME-MADE bread and pie baker; references
. required. 1217 Valencia Et.
CAHPENTERS '-' wanted . at 112 Montgomery
, ave..-. near Jackson ; st. Call early.
WAITER, a boy;, small restaurant; $10 and.
found. * , 1224 \ Point Ixibos ave. ; Geary cars. /
WANTED^-Boys:- J4 10 per week. Call at 11J
, Davis Et. W. F.r BOARDMAN. .•
WANTED— All arouml oyster man. 126 Third
V st. ; . call . at 2 ; p.- ; m. ' . :
WANTED — A good harness stitcher; one used to
horse boots preferred. C. QUICK. Emeryville.
WANTED— Second hand on bread at once. Ap-
; -U ply.SSS6 Seventeenth 'St., near:Noe. .
HOME for old man; ' ivages small. SO Hannah
. Et., Oakland, B-st. Station!
BOY : wanted to " work at painting. Call be-'
.':¦. tween 6:80 and 7:20 p. m.. . 81O.Laguna et. .* -,
WANTED— Recruits .; for •, the Marine Corps, U.
-¦ S. : Navy,': able-bodied • unmarried men ' of good
.. character, between ; the ages of ; 21 and 35 ;¦ not
: less . than ¦ S feet 4 Inches and ; not over 6 , feet
l^lnch < In'" height: a ble = to read. .-write and
' apeak . Enellsh. •¦ For further i Information - ap-
: ply at -i the Marino Recruiting,, Office, ; 40 Ellis
-lElylBan Frnnclsco, Cal.
! WANTED^ A- solicitor of high grade who j can
I pre-benf. as hlBh- class- proposition- to: selected
1 individuals; - i-c- canvassing: high pay for
¦1 right, man. Room 5. I Market. st. ,
BRIGHT,, men of good 'address; -. money ad-
- _ vanced ¦ to right - party. Call between 8 .- and
;•» a.'.m. at • 302- Post, st. t. ; _ . .'. '.'.>
ANY amount to loan on your diamond? ; low
'» Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
I EXPERIENCED' butter - maker wanted: state
reference. ? ¦-¦ Address . PAUL HEILMAN.
j \ Maryavllle. Cal. > . \ ;
! WANTED— Good coatmaker;\work Inside; by
. . piece 'or,. wages.' 225»4. Montgomery ave. , .'.
XV A N TT: D— Boy s. 16 years old. : Apply ' at Rope
; j Works,'; Potrcro.';-'/-- ••¦/¦¦". ¦¦""•-' '.',¦¦.- ; ,. .
STRONG '.boy wanted > In " a wholesale house;
-.'references.. 105 , Sanaome I st. ,"i '¦• ."¦ . *,
WELIj " located ibarber '< shop;- ' living rooms;
! .cheap ; rent;, good ; trade;, $150. •¦•; Box 1177, \ Call.
GET your I shoes half-soled;while : waiting :« 25c
..to C0C..-E62 Mission' st. .".bet.-j 1st andZdsts.', -
• BARBERS— Good?3-chalr 'shop; for sale;, cheap'
-.•"¦ rent; a bargain; closes 6 p. m. DECKELMAN
J .., BROS.U 10< ¦ Ellis ¦ st. V :"¦-. ' ¦:.-: .-•-;;'.- ',
' WANTED— 100 men to t— ke rooms.' 10c, 15c and
, TOc. Boston House. 530 .Howard st. >
HELP WAKTED-MA1JB.
WAVTED^-Experleoeed'MlewnEn'to tell spool
silks and threads for San Francisco and sur-
I rounding towns; must command a good vol-
ume of business among the manufacturing
trades; rend photograph and state- jtull par-
ticulars as to where last employed, what
route covered and whether on salary or com-
mission! Meyer Thread . Co.. K> Kingston
rt. Boston. , Mass. Not In the thread or Bilk
trust. ¦ v :..¦.•: ¦
GOOD solicitor to canvass this city. Oakland
and Alameda for a reliable old established
business- will pay the right party well; full
partSVa upon application. Box 1181, Call.
WANTED— A well educate^ handy young man
who has had some experience with Incu-
bators and poultry. Address E. \AN
EVERY. Edenvale. Cal.
BRIGHT men of good address: a splendid offer
for th- month of January. $100 a month. In
addition to ralarv and commission; do not
¦-«U iSlws sSi-are* fl™t-cla« solicitor of
good address: reference. M Columbian bldg.
MEN wanted tb learn barber trade I 0 " 1 * *£>«
weeks required; position K 1 » rante *;.- r .?P_^, la '
Inducements: .catalogue- tree. . MOLER 8
1 BARBEP. COLLEGE. 633 Pay st.
WANTED-Laborers and mechanics to- know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. n7 Third at.: 1-0 large
, rooms; 25c per night; K to $2 P*r week.
PENSIONS-J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
ttrm. 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
MEN to learn barber trade. 711A Howard st..
S. F. Barber School. •
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, lialf
price. 662 Mission St.. bet. 1st and id sts.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Stenart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 2Jc night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. >
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. *300 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at W»
Valencia St. .''
. UK A! OK WHO in*?.
ANT^ie of^PnesTPUwr Plies." Piles : over 200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed:
no surgery, salves or ointments: no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars t>rt<\. Phriii-'ai. h^x lfgo. Cali.
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, busgles.
-.carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
¦ 327 Sixth st.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FINE, gentle horse, together with surrey and
harness in good order, for sale cheap. STAN-
LY MAYALL. G126 Kearny St.. S. F.
FRESH, cow and calf for sale. 3827 Seven-
teenth st.. near Dolores.
DRIVING horses wanted In exchange for city
property. Address box 1013. Call office.
HOISKS TO LET.
A^RlNTED^LIRT~Houses to let; Tend^ for cT£
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FIFTEENTH. J134. north of Market— Detached
house: 7 sunny rooms; all Improvements on
premises. •
J*2— REAR sunny house, 5 rooms. 2510 Caliror-
nla St.; apply middle flat.
HOUSES TO LET^-FCnSIS HGD.
$20— HOUSE of 5 rooms, furnished- complete for
housekeeping. 11S8 Noe st.
LOST AND KOIT.VU.
GOLD Masonic emblem, with diamond, on 14th
Inst., after 10 o'clock p. m. : owners name in-
scribed. Suitable reward on return to Hotel
St. Nicholas. _v
LOST— On Jones and O'Farrell st. cars, purse-
containing about $;3. by a poor widow; $10
reward. 385 Union st.
LOST— Diamond ring; claw setting; liberal re-
ward. 719 Bush st.
LOST— Erown spaniel, white breast. 4184 Twen-
ty-s'.xth st., near Castro: reward.
STOLEN from Larkspur residence—One pair
Brussels net curtains and embroideries. Par-
ties holding same will be arrested If articles
are net returned Immediately.
LOST — Tan-colored Jojt: anawers to name of
Jack: reward. LEIPSIC BROS.. 1421 Bu-
chanan St.*
FOUND— A small barge adrift between Marin
Islands and San Quer.ttn on Friday. Jan. 4.
'. bv JOHN OEOItGE. San Cuentln.
Wantedj-Old pold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
j?weler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Maaon.
OLD sold, silver, dlam.vids and precious stones
boncht. .1. R. JENICEL. M7 Market St.
ANY old thing: also diamonds, sealskins; money
on them: private entrance; perfect secrecy.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 139$
Valencia • st. i
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmotv at.
.M4TTRPS-KS AND PILLOWS.
MATTRESSESAXD PILI.OWS. teL South 793.
made to -order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed: fine up-
holstery; expert carpet-cWnlng and laying.
": IIOPKR BROS.. 319 e.nd SIP Kleventh st.
OIEDICAL.
DR G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 101S Market,
opp. 5th; world-renowned ladies* specialist:
safe, reliable; practiced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be uied at home; consultation
.- free. After all others fail call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 9?7 Market St.. cor. Sixth-
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
$5 - positive cure guaranteed: when others fall
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DR. •POPPER. SIRS. DR. LA TOUR, ladles'
specialists; 37 years; new process; sure cure;
no medicine; every woman her own physician.
¦ 323 Kearny »t. __J '
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007H Market, expert on dis-
eases of women: V> years* practice in S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; J* at office: have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success: se* free.
Jins. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
- successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
; office f5;any ailment; home for patients ;con-
sult free. 942 Pc;it St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market— Ladles*
specialists: S2 years* practice: positive cure
guaranteed; ladles treated can return same
day; HINDOO HERB home cure: stamps, dr.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist: cafe and sure .cure, to: best care; low
fees: when all others fall consult free.
MRS. DR. GWYRR. ladles' specialist; , home
for patients. £04 Eddy st.
DR. N<» TOY " KEE cures disease by herbs;
. urivlro free. ,704 Sacramento »t.. near Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines; 2d-han«l machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st.
BARS: back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
-linoleum. ~ new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits «i one floor, ready made*
we can ship -everything in !4 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. • 1C23 Mission st_.
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
BUY- a brand-new typewriter for $3 down and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and crice
TYPEWRITER . EXCHANGE. 409 Callfornii
. st. : rentals, new machines. $3 per montn.
A— BUYS, sells or - rents gear machinery en-
gines, hollers, watej- pipes, shafting pulleys.
etc. WHITEL-AW. 218 Spear st.
A FINE hammerlena ••Lefever" 12-bore shoteun
-- for $23; cost originally SCO. UNCLE HARRIS
15 Grant ave. r.
ALEXANDER * CO., Urt Montgomery st.. sell
at low figures all makes of second-hand type-
: writers. - .
AUTOMOBILE or boat upright 2 horsepower
steam engine; weight 45 lbs.; price *30. E.
• H. TIETJE. 415 Market st. .
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam.
Arply at 216 California st. -
OXE 2ft h. p.. Hercules; 1. 4, h. p. Hicks gaso-
llre engjpe; good order; bargain. . <34 Mission.
2D-IIAND steam., gas. oil. water and air ma-
chlnTy bought and, sold. White. 516 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke.' 133 Beale.
KIRST-CLASS second-hand modern »niclnes and
boilers bought and sold. KROOH 1IFCJ. CO.
I'HOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought. : sold. ;, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. ¦ _ THE HER-
MAXN SAFE CO.. -417-423 Sacramento »t. '
MAGIC lanterns, new and -2d-hand moving
¦ pictures. : BUI-LARD &' BRECK. 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
V- WALTZ. SAFE.* 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
;: miscellaneous; wants.
WANTED— Second-hand gasoline launch; '• S ' to
.10 horsepower.' Room 316, . Central Bank
.-'building. Oakland.' - .
'A— KLEIN, pays best prlc« for clothing, brlc-a-
; : brae.- old gold. , 109 SUth st. ; phone Jessie 141.
LADIES'.and gents" cast-off clothing, bought A
¦', sold." Sllvexman, 084 Folsom; tel.. Folsom 1191.
T *^ NTED ~ Upr1 K ht P' ai ><» for cash. H." L_
- WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market it.
MunEBS ajtp atprrno. _
MONTEZUMA Mining Co.'s copper stock (Wuli-
- — —
lngten) Is the greatest bargain on to* market.
, ¦ - ¦ •• • ' -
rxveloproent work Is being pushed, and mlnM
will be producers during th« comln* nmffl*r.
Pmr Tata* of stock. $1; during January tt IS
offered at I ctnta cash and 7 cents on, in-
stallments. The Investment of a small mn ta
this big company wni gt»» larg* return*. Pros-
pectus, maps and ores at our office- or by null.
AMERICAN GTTARANTT AND TRL'iHT CO..
Belling Agents. «Q Safe Deposit bldg.. & F.
_MO.\K V TO _t.OA3l.
AA— BE5T rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interest In Estates
Undivided Interests In Real Estate-
Financial problems of all sorta and sixes
solved by HERMAN MTIRPHY. 830 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people caa
' afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will los*
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 806 Market st. .
ANY amount at S per cent: 1st. td and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else.
where. R. McCOLGAN. 2* Montgomery, r. i.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
seeond mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mcrtgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEX.
HIGHLY respectable, private- place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S48 Market
st.: t»L Main 1644. Branch 1» Third st.
A— &0O.CCO ON city and country real estate- and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat.
erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for eld gold, silver, dlamonda.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc. :
no removal; no commission; strictly conflcjen-
tlal. Room 3, Conservatory bids., 301 Jane?.
ON furniture, planes: no removal; money
quick; lowe»t Interest: easy terms: no broker-
• age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room S3.
JIOO.OW TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. «31 California.
$100,000 TO loan en real estate or for bulldlnc:
lew rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sar.son-.g. rm. 1.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country; «"*•: undi-
vldedlnts.; estates. HARPER. K>7 Parrott big.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 368 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal note*.
CASH loaned on salaries..^ New York plan.
THE TOUSLE Y CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 317 Market st.. room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on not" without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bnlldlnrr.
TO ralaried people without collateral or tn-
goreer. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b!r.
M V S I CA L 1> XTR UME.>T9.
CIHCKElTlNO $75
Great Union 0-t
Haines Bros 10O
Hallett & Davis 13".
Sherwood & Eon ISO
Kramer Bros 1*0
Benrider _ 1M
Arton *. 139
Schiedemeyer 1W)
Sterling 223
Curtas «9
Standard 283
Conover 230
Easy payments If desired. It will pay you
to see BENJ. CURTAS & SON. IS O'Farrell
St.. Chtckerins Agency.
ANY person having use for a piano can b-» ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'i with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to chocse from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any tim*
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new upright* sold for IS cash and
tS per month. We offer to sell torn* good
pianos for S3. S4 and S5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco:
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
land.
AN opportunity of a lifetime; will sell off the,
following pianos: .
Guild ~ 137 30
Novella upright ST OO
Weber 133 W
3 Stelnwavs 1123. nS3 230 00
• Helnes J2M. *70 W
J Chlckerlngs $175. 2S5 00
1 Hallet-Davls. $498: JO new pianos at $152.
KEINK PIANO CO.. 217 Geary St.. agents
for Hallet-Davls. oldest and most famous
piano In existence; rents; easy payments.
IF you buy. when you buy. buy a "'good buy"
or else It will be a "good-by" to your money
and your peace of mind. Save all trouble by
btylng a fine Decker tc Son plane at MAU-
VAIS', 7W Market st.
ELEGANT baby grand for sale very cheap. It
you want a real bargain hert's your chance,
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
PIANOS from $50 upward at MAUVAIS*. 783
Market St.; cash or easy payments.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous«
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE.S. :?.
Ti and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and orices; terms easy: nrlces lowest; every-
thing possible done to please ar4 satisfy tha
customer. '
A NEARLY new grand uprtsht cheap: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT 3-pedal uprightr' sacrifice:" leaving
city: standard make. 324 Golden Gate ave>.
BEAUTIFUL Chlckerlng- upright; cost $475.
now Xtt. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
A CLEARING out sale of pianos in storage;
dirt cheap. 'Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy, Gabler and Spellman pianos. 308 Poat.
SPECIAL sale — Immense reductions: se« our
leader, only t!50. BRUENN. 303 Post St.
THREE-PEDAL upright: nearly new; barsaln;
owner leaving city.- 2223 Mission st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. Con-
i,tct A others. W. B. ALLEN A CO.. »14 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. S33 Market St.. 4 elegant up-'
rights at your own price. Shoninger
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos. $3 p»r
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. ZtO Hayes Bt.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN— Must be sold: nice upright piano.
- SCHMTT?;. 16 McAllister St., next HIK B.in<.
~ " J ~ <>»?.
TO OIL INVESTORS— Ther« are flv» snT>-
Bcrlbers required to complete company of
twenty ground floor organizers of new oil
company on choice proven oil land In Kern
County: rllt edge proposition: yon can get
In for $.775: cash In hand for first well; no
treasury stock offered for sale; drilling com-
mences immediately and ' we expect a pro-
ducing well by Feb. 20. Box 1131. Call.
20 OR 40 acres for sale In 2*— 2S— 2T. Kern River
OH District: a grand chance for a company If
taken immediately. J. S. EWEN. 123 Cali-
fornia st.. room 407. San Francisco. Cal.
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Co. buys, develops,
exploits and sells oil land*: has exceptional
advantages for securing Eastern capital In
' proved fields: communications confidential. F.
H. Hausman. Sec. 8th floor, r. 32. Mills bldg.
i _ JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. S30 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
¦Country correspondence solicited.
1 DRIVES them craxy! My prices on stocks, t
- buf «n<1 it'll. LTryTVlV. Vn Mo-rket «t.. r. «.
; OIL LASDSFOR SALE.
KERN River: proven territory: line ef R. R..
•Newton. Carmen & Somes, r. 104. Chronicle.
_JDFFICKS^AXD STORES TO l-EJ'^
NATOMA. 550, between Sixth and Ssvsnth—
Large corner sunny store: 2 living rooms: $18.
CLEMENTINA. 83— Store: fixtures: 9 rooms.
Key at 23 Clementina st.. upstairs.
PA1XTF.RS AND DECORATORS.
. "Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered. S3
up. Jensen fc Bath. 308 Sixth st. : open evening*.
PALMISTRY.^
H. JEROME FOSSELU. sclentinc palmist. 31}
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black STL
; ! > A > I* >'»>>•»»>>•
ADVICE free: no charge unles* successful.
I GEO..D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
! ~~ TeRSO.^ ALS.^
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
* - chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer lr»
> carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
; rates. : OEO. ' MATTHEW3. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
- $8 OR SSOOO to loan on diamonds, •sealskins, sll-
. TerwareVall valuables. UNCLE HARRIS. IS
* Grant are. .
i GREAT curiosity: a petrified fish: fee- 25a 834
. Market St.. , parlor 37. ¦
I SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed wlt!»
- ¦•lectrlc needle. MISS EATON. 1119 8uttex at,Steamer Movement*.
TO ARRIVE.
John A Campbell, from Honolulu; bkta Ame
lia, from Kaual.
XEAH BAY— Famed In Jan 15— Ger shlo
Flottbek, In tow.
Passed out Jan IS— Stmr Matteawaa. tat Saa
Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Jaa IS— Stmr Rival,
hence Jan 12.
EASTERN PORT. •
NEW TOR3C-Axrived Jan tf-Stxr Aivaact.
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LOSBOX- Arrived Jan 15— Br ship U E Wat
son, hence Aug 9.
. CALCUTTA-In port Dec U-Br bark Th»
HIjrhflel.is, tor San Francisco.
CORON EL— Arrived Dec 80— Ger stmr Tot
mea. from Hamburg, for Ban Francisco.
GUAYAQUIa*— Arrived Dec 31— Ger stmr Ses
ostris, from Hamburg, for San Frar-dsco.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Dec 27— Oer shla
Ariadno. from Shields.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 15— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver; Br stmr 3Ion
mouthshlre. from Oregon.
Sailed Jan IS— Br stmr Doric, for Saa Fran
PANAMA— Sailed Jan 1». at T a. nv-Stmr Si
Paul, for San Francisco.
PORT PIRIE— Arrived Jan 14— Br atmr Car*
marthenshire, from Tacoma.
HULL— Arrived Jan li— Ger ahi? Robert
Rickmers. from Portland.
SHANGHAI— Cleared Deo n— Br ship Grant?
of. Dumfries, for Oregon.
OCEAN* STEAMERS.
NSW YORK— Arrived Jan 1ft— Stmr Majes
tic, from Uverpool.
Sailed Jan 14— Stmr Germanic for Liverpool;
Btmr Noordland. for Antwerp.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr Mon
mouthshire, from Portland. Or. for Hong-
HONGKONG- Arrived Jan 15— Stmr City of
Rio Janeiro, from San Francisco, via Hono
lulu and Yokohama; stmr Kyaren. from Port
land, via Shlmonosekl.
BREMEN— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr Oldenburg,
from New York.
PORT PIRIE— Arrived Jaa lS-Stmr Caraar
thenshlre, from Port Blakeley. via Honolulu.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Jan 18— Stmr Staten
dam. from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan IS— Stmr Sylva
nla, from Boston.
Sailed Jan 15— Stmr'Montforth, for Halifax.
QUEEN8TOWN— Sailed Jaa lS-Stmr IveraU.
from Liverpool, for Boaton.
Cape Flattery, is probably a complete 1 wreck
and there Is a bar* chance of the crew escap
ing death, according to reports brought hero
this morning by the tug Holyoke. The Holyoka
reports a strong SW gale and tremendous seas
off Cape Flattery, which prevented the tugs
dispatched to the assistance of the stranded
vessel from reaching the scene of the disas
ter. .Two tugs will go to her assistance as
soon as the weather will Dermit.
Bark Alden Besse, at Honolulu Jan 9. from
San Francisco— Two days after leaving 1 San
Francisco encountered a strong southerly
wind, which carried away her two foresails
and jib.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 7— Bktn S O
Wilder, hence Dec ZL Jan 8— U B stmr Han
cock, hence Jan 1; ship Florence, from Ta
coma. Jan 9— Bark Edward May, hence D«o 6.
Sailed Jan 9— U S stmr Hancock, for Manila;
U S stmr Adams, for San Diego. Jan ft— Schr
Okacogan, for Port Ludlow; schr Allen A. for
Puset Sound.
Arrived Jan 9 — Bark Alden Beese. hence De
cember U. Jan 10— Bktn Jane !• Stanford,
from Newcastle. NSW.
KAHULUI- Arrived Deo U— Bktn Quickstep,
from Iqutque.
Sailed— Schr Metha Nelson, for San Fran
cisco.
HILO— Arrived Jan 1— Bktn Skagit, from Pu
get Sound.
EAST SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 16— Stmr
Geo Loomis, hence Jan 14, and sailed for San
Francisco.
BAN DIEGO— Sailed Jan IS— Nor stmr Hero,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 18— Stmr Brunswick,
bence Jan 14.
Sailed Jan IS— Schr Mabel* Gray, for Ban
Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan, IS— Ger strnr Eva.
from Hongkong. -- -
TACOMA— Sailed Jan IS— Schr Xokomia. tor
San Pedro.
WHATCOM— Arrived Jan 15-Schr "Wlnalow,
from . Port Townsend.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan IS— Baric Fres
no, hence Jan 7; bark James Kesmltb. from
Port Townsend. •
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr Farallon,
from Skacuay. » . ¦ * % ,--¦
Bailed Jan 15 — Stmr Senator, for Skasruay.
Jan 1" — Stmr Hayades. for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan IS— Stmr Luella.
from Caspar; stmr Pasadena, from Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan IS— Stmr Cto
qutlle PJver, henca Jan It.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Jan 18— Schx
STEAM COLLIER VICTORXA MAKING AX ANCHORAGE WITH A
BIG LIST TO PORT. SHE WAS DAMAGED IN A HEAVY SOUTH
EAST GALE OFF FLATTERY.
TO SAIL.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and tho successive tides of the
day tn the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. Th* heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts. • except when a .
minus slsn < — ) precedes tha height, and then,
th« number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by . th* charts. The plan* of nfertoe*
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
THURSDAY JANUARY IT.
Sub rises 7:2*
Bun sets S:li
Moon rises ..........4:37 a. m.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Time* and Heights o£ High and Low
Waters '¦ at Fort Point, entrance to San
FrancLsco Bay. Published by oracUl au
thority of tba Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at ths
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flvo minutes' later than at Fort Point; tn*
height o( tide Is the same at both place*.
RESCUE OF EIGHT JAPANESE
FROM A, DISMASTED SCHOONER
THE Toyo Klsen Kaisha Company's |
Hongkong Maru arrived from the
Orient yesterday, bringing with
her the crew of the wrecked Jap
anese schooner Seisho Maru. The
latter waa on her way from a small coast
port named Uragami to Toklo when on'
December 2 she was caught in a terrific
storm and blown out to sea. The masts
went by the board when the gale was at
Its height and every moment the fright
ened coolies expected to be their last, i or
nearly a month the little schooner drifted
around at the mercy of the wind and
waves and then the Hongkong Maru came
along and rescued the half-starved crew.
There were eight of them all told, and
they had little to eat save rice and water
all the time the schooner was a wreck.
The report of the Hongkong Maru sim
ply sets forth that "on January 2, in lati
tude 34 67 north, longitude 148 14 east,
sighted the Japanese schooner Seisho
Maru, dismasted and flying signals of dis
tress. Rescued crew and brought them to
San Francisco."
There was a heavy sea running at the
time, but Captain W. E. Filmer stopped
his vessel and lowered a boat and rescued
the eight men, who were commanded by
Captain Y. Adsuma. When rescued they
were down to their laat sack of rice.
The Japanese will be cared for here by
the Japanese Consul until the Hongkong
Maru is ready to sail again, when they\
will be shipped back to Yokohama. The
steamer brought up nine cabin passengers,
twelve Europeans in the second cabin and
fifty-seven steerage. She carried 2700 tons
of cargo, among which was $389,800 in
treasure. The • cabin passengers were
James F. Bacon, Peter Bergevin. D. J.
Bevan, Captain A. Campbell, C. Fowler,
H. Komada, S. J. Nlshlguchi, Mrs. R. W.
McQuade (wife of the American Consul
General at Canton) and Kay Suensen.
*.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Duchalburn will load wheat at this port
for Europe at 35s; the Montgomeryshire, the
same at 40s; the Scottish Hills, wheat at Port
land for Europe, 42s, all prior to arrival; the
John A. Campbell will load lumber at Port
Blakeley for Honolulu; the James Tuft, lum
ber at Tacoma for Sydney, 52s 6d; the Rosa
mond, merchandise for Honolulu.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
- v\<;".' Wednesday, January 16.
Stmr Pomona/ Shea, 17 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, 54 hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Aberdeen. Hansen. 42 hours from San
Pedro. .
Stmr Rainier, Hansen. 117 hours from What
com.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hlnkle, 19 hours from
San Simeon.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, Filmer, 27 days 3
hours 15 minutes from Hongkong, via Yoko
hama 17 days 7 hours, via Honolulu 5 days 16
hours 16 minutes.
Br stmr Condor, Anderson, £5 days from
{qulque. '
Bhlp Oriental, Parker, IS day* from Seattle,
Tla Clallam Bay IS days.
Schr Lottie Bennett, Rasmusien, 85 days
from Hakodate/
Schr John A; Nilson.,'14 days from Grays
Harbor. \
Schr Mary Buhne, Weber, 6 days from Eu
reka.
Schr San Buenaventura, Anderson. IS day*
from Grays Harbor.
Schr C A Thayer, Monaon, 9 days from Grays
Harbor.
. Schr J O Wall, Hansen, 9 days from Eureka,
• Schr Glen. Johnson; 11 days from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Wednesday „, January 16.
Btmr Walla Walla, Hall. Victoria; Goodall,
Perklna & Co.
Stmr Robert Collar, Bllefsen, Seattle: Rob
ert Dollar. •"
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, i Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu; O & O S S Co.
Bktn Behlcia, Bowes, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond & 'Co.
SAXLED. > v"
Wednesday. January IS.
Stmr North Fork. McLellan. Eureka, »
Btmr Sequoia, Martin, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, Crescent City.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall. Victoria,
Btmr Eureka. Jessen, Eureka.
Btmr Queen, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr American. McDonald. Nanaimo.
U S stmr -Grant, Brugulere, Manila, via
Honolulu. •
Br stmr Garlic. Finch. Honekong and Yo
kohama, via Honolulu,
Ital ship Mount Caxmel, Mazella, Queens
town.
Br shlD Bermuda. Kohn, Queenstown.
Br'bark Invercoe, Lewis, Queenstown.
Schr 'Mary C, Campbell. Fort Ross.
Kchr Free Trade, Pettersen, Coquille River.
Schr Lizzie Vance-, Olse'n, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC. ..
POINT LOBOS, Jan 18. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
Deo S, no lat. Ion 35 W— Russ ship Harbin
ger, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Dec 19, lat 5 N, Ion 30 W— Br ship Robert
Duncan, hence Sept 13, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS,
PORT TOWN8END, Jan 18— The Ger ahip
Flottbek, reported ashore yesterday south of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 17, 19Q3.
11
Steamer. From. 1 Du».
. n
Umatllja Victoria A Puj«t Sound Jan. IT
Hongkong Man China and Japan. Jan. IT
Point Arena Point Arena. Jaa. IT
Santa Rosa San Diego Jaa. 1?
"Washtenaw.... Tacoma *. Jan. 17
Ban Pedro Humboldt „ Jan. 17
Coronado Grayi Harbor Jan. 17
Argo :Coqu1I1* Rlvsr _..'.. i_. Jan. 17
Mandalay Goqulllo River Jan. 1?
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. IS
Bristol Comox Jan. IS
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Jan. 18
Kmpire Coos Bay Jan. 14
Hero Japan via. San Dlejco.. Jan. 13
Eureka... ..Humboldt Jan. U
Matteawan Tacoma «.,.... Jan. 13
Acapulco Panama it Way Ports Jan. 13
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Jan. an
Bonita Newport ..._..........-. Jan. 20
Queen 9an Ulego Jan. 24
Hyades Seattl* Jan. 2)
Arcata Coos Bay (Jan. 3a
Sduth Portland.) Portland and Astoria... jJan. 21
Crescent City-. 4Cre«cent City Jan. 21
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 21
North Fork HurnbolJ: Jan. 23
St. Paul Panama Jan. 22
State of Cal.... Victoria Sk Puget Sound Jan. 23
Fulton Orays Harbor Jan. 13
Corona Newport Jan. S3
Steamer.
From.
Steamer.
Destination.
Plar.
Arra
Corona.
Zealandla.....
Newport
O. W. Elder..
Pomona
Rainier
Point Anna.
Coronado
Santa Roaa...
Czarina
January IT.
Coqullla River ....
January IS.
Newport
Honolulu
Panama & Way Pta
Astoria £ Portland
Humboldt
Seattle * N What.
¦ January 19.
Point Aren*
Grays Harbor
January 20.
San Diego ..'.......
Seattle 4k Tacoma.
January 21.
Victoria A Pit 8d
Humboldt
Humboldt
Coos Bar .-.
January 22.
Coos Bay
Newport ............
Coqullla River
Jannnrr 23.
Astoria A Portland
! San Diego I
: Sydney & Way Ptt
4 pmjPltr t
• am Pier 11
2 pm Pier T
12 mPMSS
U unPlsr 24
t pm Plar 9
5 pmiFler 3
JprnPlar 3
SpmPler 1
» am! Plar 11
19 amlPler S
Umatllla
San Pedro....
Eureka........
Empire.......
9 am Plar 11
10 am Plar :
13 m Pl«r 13
12 m Pier 13
Arcata
Bonita
Mandatay
12 raPlerlJ
9 am Pter 11
» am Pier 2
U am Pier 24
9 am Pier It
I pm Plar 7
Colombia
Queen
Sonoma
7
g
Time Tims Time Time
Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
I*WHW L. W H W
2:15 ,t.» 8:26 I.I 1:34 -0.4 10:49 4.3
1:61 3.0 9:10 S.8 4:14 -0.7 11:3 4.S
8:54 t.i 9:56 CO 4:52—0.*
HW -L.W HW L.W
0:04 1.0 4:39 2.S 10:41 (.0 5:31 —0.9
0:40 (.1 6:27 3.3 11:30 S.O 1:14 -O.«
-1:14 5.3 1:18 t.l 13:11 5.7 «:53 -0.3
1:49 5.4 7:11 2.2 1:15 5.4 7:34 0.3
17...
II...
1» ...
n J
H-
a...
PERSONALS.
V. :LL GEO. D. HE YDLAUFF send his address
'. -i iCiS Han Pablo ave.. Oakland. Cal.?
jTo REWARD for thl address of ROSIE
KOPKE or ROSIE FISHER. Address PETER
KOPKE. International Hotel.
V. COXDORT. M. D.. assistant physician to
Ttr. W. T. Garwood; office hours, 10 to 11, 2 to
4, « to t p. m. ; tel. Brown 131. 801 Eutter st.
WHY guess? You are certain of etyla and fit by
using Standard Patterns: February styles '
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE, 1021 Market St.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 15. EASTERN OUTFITTING
ro.. 1S10-1S12 Stockton et.. near Broadway. •
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et.. near Market; 700 rooms;
ICc to fl 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
tree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A GOOD home open for girt or boy baby. Add.
Mrs. Dr. Fucke, 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
MASQrERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN &. CO.. 73! Mkt.
tR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
com cure; 2Sc; all druggists.
anrC.IIOPKINE' new discovery for rheumatism;
poeltlve cure. S06 Market, office 22. 2d floor.
"FINE puits. $lf; dree* pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery «t.
A— J3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
•»r Price Hatters. 230 Kearny St., near Pine.
1LFKEDCMS Egyptian Henna: restore* gray
hair to Us natural color; SI: at all druggists.
PHYS1CIASS AXD SUUGEO\S.
tR. C C. ODONNELL— Office and residence.
:r:r-i MarV.pt *:.. between Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED,
"WANTED— Income property for cash; must be
1 arpain. A. M. EPrCK & CO., 667 Market.
UEAL tSTATK— CITY Foil SAV.E.
liEAL Et-TATE BARGAINS!
A. M. SPECK & CO..
6f7 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE KEARNY.
PRICES WILL 6UREX.Y ADVANCE.
laOO— REDUCED FROM $^00.
Four Cats; rents $30.
Four Cats; rests $»S: down town.
$000.
Thr*» choice f.ats. m-ar Post and Taylor sts. ;
rajs :o ;>er cent; tl foet front; offer wanted.
$7500.
Flat*; brand new; east cf Van Ness ave.;
rent* fT2.
S33C0— REDUCED FROM J16.000.
Marfcet-st. corner, Ftore and flat.
<irand 14-roorr>. r«-*Mri;c«? on Jackson St.
I14.O0O— REDUCED FROM $18,500.
PuFir.^ss property: same tenants for years;
etore and rooming house.
$16.C-.'O.
f.nir.a enrner. Leavenw rrth st. : 69 feet front;
m'.\ rented for $113; mongase $5300; can remain
tt € prr rrnt
ST.Vtt}— REDUCED FROM J*?.COO.
Ohoire cornrr lot. 75- foot front: within half a
r»-n!s about ftOO: the or.Iy corner that can be
bouefct Tirinlty of flxth Ft.
RlMO-nEDUCED FROM $55,000.
Orand invpstrr.cnt; 100-foot front on Ellis st..
with ln-.pro\ crrer.ts : nicer ana better than Pal-
«ce Hotel; rents about $.".000; terms, half cash.
$i:,ooo.
Rent* $:CC; 3 new f.ats: choice locality.
J20.G00.
OmT. 6" reet front; vicinity Eutter St., east
r>f Uydej prand hotel, office or rooming-house
fi:f. rents $1CT. ,
$K.on.
Putter-st. corn»r; S7:6xS7:«; elegant lmprove-
r-"nt!=; rents J1S5G r*r annum.
$lir..(vv».
Market st., near Call; 5 per cent net.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
KI Market st.. opposite Kearny.
CTr^^onderiC*" solicited.
TTKAT5CTARTEP.S FOR PARK LOTS.
New Resolutions for the N>w Tear.
Invest Your Eurolus In a Good Lot.
$:w. $200 and $300— Very best Ocean Boulevard
r»«'.aenc* lots; sont can beat us; omly $5
Vt to t?«-Gr»fled Basset. l»th ave. Boule-
vari ar.d Richmond lots; $10 monthly.
JTS tc> tTOO — X<eT-el lots near Mission and Ban
SIsteo electric cars; $5 monthly.
$500. r: :. tlOOO and tl5C0 each— 4 splendid cot-
•..¦'¦»; good locations; near cars; larga lots;
payments saisa aa rent.
Branch office— »tb ave., near H St., Banset
FOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room 64, Chronicle building.
HAVE you a resldene* or a lot that you want
ti «e!l on ar.y of the streets between Valen-
r'.m, Sanchpi, 14th and 25th sts.? Then call
r>n the un<!eTi''xn»d end he may sell it for
you. TV. J. GLNN, tSO California et.
IK rou hare property north of the Park and
you wish to *ell quickly, then call on W. J.
CVXS, CSO California st.
F"R sale— An exceptional bargain in that »le-
fam 10-room un-to-4at« residence. 773 Cole
ft.; rew; *>!etantly decorated: open daily.
RE A L ' ESTATn— COUXTR Y— For Sale
A "FNAP" — Peculiar circumstances cause
nwr^r to sacrifice at hajf actual value, 72 X J
p.rr»f 'might subdivide) v*ry beet land and
location in the "lovely Napa Valley," ad-
J doing R. R. station, near Xapa City and
*t»sm«T landing, within free mail delivery:
n!l hiphly cultivated level loam, now in crop;
n«t an lnrh of waste: unequaled for fruit,
vinp*. corn or lovely home; has rented for
r: n r*r acr*-: offered for $50; couldn't buy ad-
Joinrrag land for lefs than J150.
KEMEMBEH-I am accurately acquainted
with rr,or«" country property for sale and cx-
¦ hang* than all other agents In San Fran-
risco. 3000 ranches on my list. State what's
¦wanted ar.d pet reliable descriptions of bar-
rains.
N" r» PTCKHLS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary St.
CALL rn MARION GRIFFIN. 71» Market St.;
i ten ranches, orchards, general farmn and
'¦•¦i rk ranches ; rev^ml hundred all over State;
!r : !-1r-^ llr.ts. 1 ray buyrrs car far*.
AI.AMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AI.AMEDA REAL KSTATE.
T:km, imatk a t •<:tj6>T pale! ' ~~^
BATI7BDAV. Janusry IS. 1&0L at 4 p. m.
1501 I'ark ft., Alameda.
The following roil»ction of houses and lots
rre to lie soM regard!*** cf 'value; most of
ihem brior.g to estate* and must be Bold. If
you flfMre a home this l» a chance you may
r.M r»t acain for wm? time.
N*o. 1— Kxec-it ors 1 f R ). ; rhnle* piece of Park
ft. proprrty will b«> Foid rpgardlrss of Park st.
raluc*: lot r,Ox'.rj>; house of 7 rooms; Park st..
near <"lem^r.t «v»,
Xa. 2— First-clasS plec* of rrojierty, situated
!n the warm r-rlt of Alameda;* convenient to
fairs and cars; flne T-room house; 2303 Lin-
coin iv».; lot CftxUS. Term* <~«n b* arranged.
No. 2— Fine re^idenre lot. W*xl50; Central ave.,
r«nr High ft.: by crd-r of the Alameda Bank.
Tttt;? pert ea^h.
No. 4--A<!minlEtrators* ral« cf choice r*sl-
fleare W. €7:fixH0; r>n Pearl «.. near Sacta
Hurt ivf. Will subdivide. Terms can be
cr ramrod.
No. 5— Administrators' eal» of < cottages and
lots en Bank ft., between Oak and Park: also
DM lot en Oak et.. opposite City Hall. Terms
I*rt cash.
•Co. «— Beautiful lot. COxlSO; Is situated In the
f.nest location in Alameda; on Central ave.,
r^ar Chestnut tt.. between broad and narrow-
«auR* d*pots. OwT.cr gives Instructions to sell
on any : : * Email cash payment.
No. 7 — Cottage and iot, southeast comer Post
ar.d MiLdison ets. ; eJso lot adjoining; must be
••old on amount of owner roinr. East.
No. S— Administrators' pale. Beautiful eot-
tare of 5 rooms en4 »>ath: lot 00x150; located
In the warm belt; 29S3 Johnson ave. Terms,
*s n 0 ran remain on rrvirtKace at 7 per cent.
No. S-Fine lot. WvlbO; on Blanding ave.,
rear Park st.
TCo. lf«— Fine modern 7-room house and lot;
pnoO location; 1519 Knrinal ave.. near Lafayette
ft.; rear Che.«tnut st. station.
J. A. MUNRO & CO.. Auctioneer*.
ls'Jl Park St.. Alameda.
T'lephon* Grand ITS. ;. ;.--
AI.AMEDA IIOOMS AND DOARD.
TVE offer elerant suite cf rooms and board In
rritvt private home In Alameda to renned
couple: references required. Box 8f3. CalL
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
fc:<V) FOR a flO.OOO property; large comer lot;
lC-roorn house; near business center and local
trnlr; positively a. great bargain; space will
net permit »>xtolllnr Its rood qualities. If a
No. 1 house and a bargain Is wanted call
farly. Peeing Js believing. J. S. MYERS &.
CO.. 1002 Broadway. Oakland. -
flt.CCO— HOME cost to build. $15,000; *10 rooms
er.1 hath; lot 60-foot frontagfe; almost at Four-
wcnih and Broadway: choicest location; epaee
¦TO net permit in the ad to extol Its charming
<ju«tlttles; the finest and best home ever of-
ffred for sale at such eacriflce: must be soJd
to close an estate; seeing Is believing; call
'¦arly. J. S. MYERS & CO.. 1002 'Broadway.
' 'akiand. *
fTW-O.VLT noo each, balance easy; new bung-
alcw cottage 5 rooms; porcelain bath and lat-
est in everytfcir.*: cute and oozy; near broad-
gauge: close to cars, schools and business
•-enter; would cost tZDOO to duplicate. J. S.
MYERS & CO.. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAIvLAXD niSAL - ESTATE.
12400— PAYMENTS SAME AS RENT— $2400.
A nearly new colonial style cottage of 6 rooms
and every modern convenience; enameled bath,
etc., etc; lot above street grade; nice open
lawn; street work all done; stone walks laid,
etc; electric cars In front; essy walk to local
station; this Is bank property^ liberal discount
for SDot cash; see it at once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
The House Renters,
" ¦*¦-•;' ' 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$7 80 CASH. J« to monthly— U acre excellent land
for 1150.
J15 cash, JC BO monthly— hi acre Al land, JK5.
t!2 CO cash. J9 monthly— »i acre superb land
for fi50.
J25 cash. $11 monthly— 1 acre (more can ba
had) for J475.
Adjoining East Oakland; climate, soil and
view the very best; away from fogs and raw
winds; near electric car line and wide boule-
vard. Call or send for' circular. 455 Seventh
et.. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES.
Owner. ___^__^________^^_
OAKLAND HC'l'SKS TO »-KT«
OAKLAND HOUSES FOR RENT.
$25 per month for a year; reference required;
fine modern S-roomed home in Piedmont, partly
furnished. Including carpets; large lot; nice
garden; near electric cars: price greatly reduced
to secure choice of tenants.
Upper flat of 5 rooms, on Eighth st.. near lo-
cal itatlon; most convenient location for Ban
Francisco; low rent to right party.
GEO. W. AUSTIN * CO..
The House Renters,
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND Fl'RMTDRB FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, tha
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH. l!03— 3 small rooms for housekeeping;
cooking stove furnished.
CHESTNUT. 2S3, No. Beach— Furn. for house-
keeplng; 6unny cr. house; quiet neighborhood.
ELLIS. 11"T— Ilousekpg: nicely fur. front room,
with kitchen attached; bath, yard and grate.
FIFTH. 853—2 furnished housekeeping, $12;
also 3 for $14; single. $4 to $7.
HOWARD and Twenty-second— Unfurnished,
an elegant parlor; running water; kitchen;
pas or coal stove; bath; laundry; $.12 50; no
children. Box 1192. Call office.
HAYES, 469— Large front room; furnished or
unfurnished. - . *" :.
MCALLISTER, :000. cor. Central ave.— 2 nicely
furn. rooms for housekpg. 18; running water.
OAK, 113— One very sunny room, furnished for
housekeeping; stove, closet, water; IS.
HOWARD. 1345— Front and back parlor with
use of kitchen; private family.
SECOND. 212-Neatly furnished rooms; clean
and respectable ; reasonable.
53 50 — TWO unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
Bunny. E51 Seventh st. ; key at 655 Seventh st.
SEVENTEENTH. 8650— $8; sunny front room
complete for light housekeeping; one person.
VAN NESS ave., 1401 and 1408, NW. cor Bush
—Elegant sunny suites and apartments for
housekeepingfprlvate baths: telephone; elec-
'¦ trie lights; sun all day; gas ranges; running
water in every room; will be arranged, clean-
ed, painted and newly furnished to suit.
WILLOW, 10. off Larkln. near Eddy— I rooms
fur general housekeeping; $12. L_llr
KOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Dnfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 821 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance: large rooms; modern conveniences:
rooms 60c up; first-class meals ?Sc; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK House, I4S Sixth— Rooms 25c
to $1 per night; $125 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. EUltes, single; also unfurnished.
BUEH, 620 (The Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
nei; day 25c up; wk. $1 60 up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
ELLIS, 671— Furn, rooms; prtv. family; modern
Improvements; phone; owner occupant: refs.
FOLSOM. S34 — $4 60 a month ; sunny front fur-
nished room: closet, bath; private; call 8 p.m.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner 8eventh
and Mission ets.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
elngle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GEARY. 4C5(The Navarre) — Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
LAS PALMAS, 1R9 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
tins; private: bath; sin. rms; board optional.
lewis place, 18. off Taylor, near Post — Fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms to let; single
or en suite.
MeALLISTER. 80 — S furnished rooms, 1 house-
keeping; bath, gas; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 471-Back parlor and single
room; suitable for gentlemen.
iijyCHA.. SC7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market ft.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 83c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
POLl^ 717— Nicely furnished room, with use of
bath; rrice $(.
ROSEDALE House. 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms.
night, I5c to |l; week, $125 to $»; open night.
ROTAL House, 128 Ellis et.— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nleht. 3Gc to tl 60; week. $2 to
$S; month. JS to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
6. F. ROOM-RENTTNG Bureau. 827 Market
et., room 204 — 300 choice rooms; free list.
SACRAMENTO. 2539— A large nicely furnished
bay-window front room; private family; $19.
F.HERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth st,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 636A— 2 nice front rooms: running
water; fireplace; furnished or unfurnished;
board optional; private German family.
STEVENSON", C31HB — 2 newly furnished rooms
to rent; reasonable; use of kitchen.
EUTTER, S20H— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms. $S: suites. $12 to $25 mo.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, oppt Grace
Church, with annex 807 California St., may
br found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
TVRK, 123— Board and room, J59; home cooking;
al*o single rooms.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
First st. '
ROOMS WANTED.
BY gentleman and wife, no children, threv or
four well furnished sunny rooms for light
housekeeping; or flat of not "over 6 rooms;
references ere changed. Box 1165. Call.
"vr ANTED— A suite or furnished rooms with
bath: north of Market et. Apply at room 204,
1'27 Market 6t.
SPECIAL .NOTICES.
THE Glris' Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice that the following orphans, half-or-
phans and abandoned children have been re-
ceived Into the orphanage from July 1. 1900
to Dec. 21, 1900: Bertha Wess, 11 yrs • Fred-
erlck. 4. and Ray. O'Brien. 2 yrs. 9 mos.;
Cella. 4, and Willie Flynn. 2 yrs.; Mary Mc-
Laughlin, 11 yrs. 2 mos.; Mamie Mullaney, 7;
Ann Mullaney. 2 yrs. 1 mo.; Christopher Mul-
laney. & yrs.; Jim Power. 2 yrs. 1 mo.; Violet.
6 yrs. and Bm Rippon. 4 yrs. ; Irene Pel-
man, 3 yrn. 10 mos.; Mary Purdy, 6 yrs. 1
mo., and Alice Purdy, 1 yr. 6 mo. : Ethel, «
yr*.. end Clar Johnson, 8 yrs. ; Maria Al»
bach, « sts. 1 mo. ; Joseph, 6 yr». 2 mos.. and
Julia Kennedy j yrs. 10 mos.; Haxel Adams,
U L r "\i. L ' l y ie AU *rtl*n. ? yrs. 4 mos.: Annie
Deffechla 8 yrs 3 mos.; Hilda. 3 yrs. 10 mos.,
and Myrtle Deffechla. 2 yra. ; Joseph 2 yrs 4
mos., Louis, 4 yrs. 10 mon., Delia JefTers 'lO
yrs.; Elwood. £ yrs.. Howard. 6 yrs., and
Maude Wesley, 8 yre.: Rose Hurbert 5 yrs
4 mos., Edwin. J yrs. 1 mo., and Rachel ValN
vard. 1 yr.: Joseph MacCort. < yrs. l mo •
Frank Hynes. 1 yr. 3 mos.. and Addla Hynes!
2 yrs. S mos.; Irene Moody, g yrs 1 mo •
Frank Balenjar, 5 yrs.: Joseph, 10 yrs id
mos., Luke. 4 yrs.. and Fanny Vydan 2 yrs * <
Eugene Glbbs, 1 yr. 6 mos.: Mary. 5 yrs.. Jo-
seph, t yrs.. and Margaretta Olsen. b yrs ¦
Lillian Radcan, 7 yrs. 1 mo., and Laura Rad-
ean, 8 yrs. 8 mos.; Alfred Brellla. 6 yrs •
Willie OTtrrell. 6 yrs. 2 mos.; Mary, 6 yrs'
Ethel. 4 yrs. 10 moe., ; and Kate Rowan, i
yrs. 2 mos.: Eva Bony. 7 yrs. 11 mos.;. Ger-
trude. 4 yra.. and Jim Daly, 2 yrs. 6 mos ¦
Clara. 8 yrs., and Mary Lonta. 6 yrs.; George.
4 yrs.. and Hubert Kannfeld, 2 yrs. 2 mos.;
Fred Fraser. 5 yrs. S mos.: Maria Pehoofer, 10
yrs.: Mary Coonan. 4 yrs. 7 mo*.; May. 7 yrs
4 mos., Joseph, 4 j-rs.. and Agnes Killing 6
yrs. t mot.
LADIES— Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: eafe. reliable: take no other;
: vend 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall: at drug-
glsts. Chlchestrr Chemical Ce.y Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
«15 Mnntrnw^v «t.. twwk S-10: tel. S5S0.
SEWiyo-»MACniXEg AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought." soM and repairing truaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged," re-
paired: open even.; phone Black 1124. JOS 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
ehuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint S.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIEFICE-RODOLPH Storaee and Moving 'Co.;
office. Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main 5713.
TVILSONrBROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
BKKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
TELEPHONES.
TELEPHONES, houso or private lines, *4 BO a
get; electrical work Installed. 15Z6 Pt. Lobos.
3&TYPEWHITERS AXD SUPPLIES. }
GR EAT BAR'aAINS^N^ryPEWRITERS^S^
eeu better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
exchange. 535 California; telephone Main 26G.
A h) V l AYS bargains in typewriters; any make.
,in rl x? for P rlc «" L. & M. ALEXANDER.
__1_1Q_ Montgomery st.
j " DIVIDEND NOTICES.
BlvijpEND~NOTICE— Dividend . No. 87 (twen-
L y e £ ents per 8hare > °* the Hutchlnson
bugar Plantation Con-.pany will be payable
at the office of the company, 327 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.. on and after Monday.
January 21, 1901. Transfer . booki close on
Tuesday, January 15, 1901. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MAB^IAQE LICENSES.^
Tbe following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Francl* J. Desmond, 25. 5 Seventh street,
and Hattie Jones, 18, Emeryville.
Edward H. Huntsman, 25. Frankfort, and
Alice A. Tetzlaff, 20. Denver. Colo.
Martin Monlghetti, 23. Sunol, and Clara C.
Martin. 22. San Luis Obispo.
Claude BrumbauKh. 26, 1988 Fulton itreet.
and Christian H. Syme, 22, 1S8S Fulton street.
Domcnick Berta. SS. Sutter Creek, and Helena
Steinkoenig. 27. Sutter Creek.
Charles Wallln. 34, 1 Seventh street, and
Caroline C. Metzier, 24. 935 Devlsadero street.
William M. Fitrell, 27, 312 Day street, and
Catherine Kenneaily. 26, 3 Chenery street.
John G. Trapp, 30, 319 Beale street, and
Lizzie Hanlon, 23, 312 Beale street.
Claude C. Alley, 2L 203 Prospect avenue, and
Anetta O. Nelson. 20, Kenwood.
Glanbattista Torre. 29, 2509% Jones street,
and Ida Lagomarsino. 18., 2503*1 Jones street.
Henry L. Fa'.k, .26, Boise, Idaho, and Lena
St«»rn. I«, city.
Peter Sorensen, !9. 919 Union street, and
Anna M. Treundt, 20. 1049 Union street.
Ivan P. Sutlch. 31, 1037 Taylor street, and
Carolina Zultlch, 19. 260 California avenue.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
AFTERGUT— In this city, on Mission road,
near Seven-mile House, to the wife of Sam
E> Aftercut. a son. . .
MARRIED.
BERTA— STEINKOEMG— In this city, Janu-
ary 16. 1901, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
"Wilson, Domenick Berta and Helena Steln-
kocnl^, both of Sutter Creek.
METZLER— FIGG— In Reno, Nev., January 14;
1301, by J. J. Linn, Justice of the Peace,
Hermann Metzier and Adele S. Flg-g, both-
of San Francisco.
WILCOX— ROSB-In this city. January 16,
1901, by the Rev. E. H. Avery, D.D., Wil-
11am \). "Wllcox and Sadie Rob9.
DIES. ~
Bell, Florence Kellingr. Llrzle L.
Bobcus, Minnie Larsen. William
Brennan. John H. L« Clert, Theodore S.
Brown, Alson C McKenney, ¦ Roy J.
Brown, Theadora M. Mannlx, Joseph
Bruce, Abigail MorsanrMary
Cole.iDr. R. Beverly Murke, John F.
Colombo, Angelo O'Connell. Mrs. A.
Conkling, Mrs. Cora Plover, Patrick
Deveney, Bridget Rasmussen. Viola
Dippel, Harry W. . Rellly, Thomas W.
. Dunne, Mary Rippen, Henrietta
Engler, Anna T. Ryan, Thomas C.
Fanon, Matthew Scanlon. Kitty E.
Foley. Charles A. Schlesselmann. John
Frasier. Alexander Smith, Bridget
Gllboy, Kate L. • Smith, Jennie L.
Harris. William H. ' Solomon. Chapman
Haverlan, Thomaa Thomson, William
Hilplsch. Jacob Trewhella. William
Hough, Susan E. Winkelman, Wm. D.~
Jordan. Miss Kate Wright, William
BELLr-In this' city, January 14, 1901. Flor-
¦ ence, beloved daughter of the late Joeeph
and Mary Bell, and sister of John, George,
Frank. Edward and the lite Charles Bell,
Mrs. M. Turner, Mrs. K. Seres and Mrs. E.
Johnson, a native of San Francisco, aged 18
years and 4 months. '
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her elster, Mro. K. Seres, corner Persia ave-
nue and Edlnborough street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
BOSCUS— In this city." January 15, 190L Min-
nie, wife of John M. Boscus. a native of New
Jersey. -aeed 35 years.
BRENNAN— In the City and County Hospital.
January 15, 1901. John H. ! Brennan, a native
of Ireland, aged £0 years.
BROWN— In this city. January IB, 190L Alson
C Brown, beloved brother of Mrs. A. Chad-
lck of Syracuse, N. T., and nephew of
James D. Ellis of Forest Hill, Placer County.
Cal., a native of New York, aged 20 years C
months and 11 days.
C7"Frlend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral under the
auEplces of AJtahmos Tribe No. S7, Imp'd
O. R. M., this day (Thursday), at 1:30
o'clock, from the parlors of the Pacific Un-
dertakers, 777 Mission street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BROWN— In this city. January 14. 1901. Thea-
dora M. Brown, a native of Taunton, Mass..
aged $4 years and 6 months. (Taunton and
New Bedford, Mass., papers please copy.)
(I7Frlends ar» respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day- (Thursday), at
2 o'clock, from her late residence, 207 Thir-
teenth street, near Howard. Interment I. 0.
O. F. Cemetery. i >
BRUCE— In the City and County Hospital,
January 16. 1901. Abigail Bruce, a native, of
Maine, aged ES years.
COLE— In this city, January 15, 190L Dr. E.
Beverly Gole, a native of Virginia.
G7The funeral i services will take place
this day (Thursday), at 3 o'clock, at th«
Masonic Temple, under the auspices of I Cali-
fornia Commandery No. 1. K. T.
COLOMBO— In the City and County Hospital.
January 15, 1901, Angelo Colombo, a native
of Switzerland, aged 45 years.
CONKLING— In San Jose, January 15. 1901, Mrs.
Cora ConklinK (nee Edwards), beloved wife
of Edward T. Conkling, only daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Henry Edwards, and sister of Wil-
bur Edwards, a native of San Jose, aged 31
years and B months.
JC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 694 South Second street. Inter-
ment Oak Hill Cemetery.
DDVENEY— In this city, January 15 190L
Bridget, beloved wife of Henry Deveney
and aunt of John Deveney. a native of
County Louth, Ireland, aged 62 years.
inyFrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mis-
sion street, thence, to St. Rose's Church
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DIPPEL— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Harry W. Dippel, the dearly be-
loved son of John and Eliza Dippel this
day (Thursday), at 9 o'clock, at All ' Hal-
lows' Church. N street and Sixteenth ave-
nue. South San Francisco. Friends and ac-
quaintances are respectfully Invited to at-
tend.
DUNNE— In this city, January, 15, 1901, Mary
Dunne, beloved sister of Mrs. Rose Hlgrlns
a native of County KJIdar«. Ireland. A meml
ber of Columbia Circle No. 2. L. A. to the
A. O. H.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tho funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing- at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
OFFICERS and members of Columbia Circle
No. 2, L». A. to A. O. H., are requested to
attend the funeral of Sister Mary Dunne.
By order of MRS. T. RICHARDS. Pres.
MRS. MARTIN. Rec. Sec.
BNGLER-In this city, j/nuary 1«, 1901. Anna
T.. dearly beloved and only .child of Benl-
d let and Henrietta Engler, granddaughter of
V. J. Hoffman, and nleca of Mrs. V. •¦ Laub
j and Katherlne Engler, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 19 years 6 months and 24 days.
FALLON— In this city, January 15, 1901,' Mat-
thew Fallon. beloved husband of Mary > B.
Fallon, and brother of Mrs. James D, Leery
of New York City, a native of Brooklyn,
N. Y., aged 67 yean 2 months and 29 days.'
(New York papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tha 'funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Church, corner California and Dupont streets,
where a solemn requiem high mass will. b«
calabrated for the repose of his soul. •. Inter-
ment private.
FOLEY— In this city, January 15, J90L Charles
Aloysius, youngest son of Richard and Rose
Foley, a native of San ; Francisco, aged 3
months and 84 days. .
FRASIER— In this city, January IS, 1301, Alex-
ander Frasier, late of United States Navy,
a native of Scotland, aged , £6 years. ¦
K7FrIends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at i o'clock. - from' the parlors
of the Craig & Cochran Company, 1 62 and &6
Mint avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. *}WB&q&B&3t&jSKBtiBB9BBgBB§M
GILBOY— In Oakland.- January 1«. 1901, Kate
L., beloved 'wife or Captain Bernard Gilboy,
and mother M Mary, William, Frank, Thomas
and George tlllboy, a native of Connecticut,'
• aged 43 year* and 9 ' months. . \ .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan A Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALMERS.
Z0 Fifth -st.', opposite Lincoln School. ¦ .
Telephone South 80.
(\ ' . - ' ¦: -
Closing Out Prices
in odd sizes of
Children's Underwear
-¦>. ¦
Children's white and natural gray swiss-ribbed wool vests,
reduced from 8oc, 85c, 90c, 95c and £1.00 to
natural wool imported pantalets, reduced from $1.50,
$1.60 $1.70 and $1.80, according to size, to
J a pair for any size.
Chlldren'.s Imported swiss-ribbed wool union suits, reauced
from $2.oo, $2.15 and $2.25, according to size, to
pI.2C a suit for any size.
Breakfast Table Cloths 1
A good quality of heavy weight damask breakfast table d'btns
in Turkey red, combined with blue, green and white, size 2
yards square $1.50, 2X2j£ yards $1.85 and ax? yards
#2.20 each. ,
A large variety. of artistic designs in Oriental rugs, size 27 x 54
inches with fringed or bound ends reduced from $1.50, to
Mull and Tambour Scarfs
White tambour and hemstitched mull bureau and side board
scarfs in a large assortment of patterns, size 18x54 inches;
reduced to 25c, 45c and 55c each.
V off
m , ¦ JL. Ja. .
During this month we will give a discount of one-thfra off on'
all remnants of laces,- embroideries, allovers, nets and chiffons/.
Write for our illustrated catalogue.
129 Kearny Street
ket and Mission. . Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of the
California Undertaking Company, 405 Powell
street, near Post, till 1 o'clock. ...
HAVERLAN— In this city, January 14; 1901.
Thomas, beloved son of James and the lat«*
Mary Haverlan, and brother of James, John,
Martin and Etta Haverlan and Mrs. Alice
Hunt, a native of San Francisco,' aged 83
yearB and 20 days. ..
CTTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, • from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Company, 20 Fifth
street, th«nce to Holy Cross Church, where
- services wiil be held for the repose of his
bouI, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HILPISCH-ln this city. January IS. 1901.
Jacob HUolsch.. , beloved husband of Eliza
Hilpisch, and father of Carl and Julius Hil-
plsch, a ¦ native of t Hessen, Germany, aged
62 years 9 months. and 7 days.
HOUGH— In this city, January 15. 1901. Susan
E.. wife of James F. Hough, and sister of
Miss H. M. and Charles W. Skldmore, Mrs. -
M. L. Marohand and Mrs. S. E. Gardiner.
(ETFuneral-this day (Thursday), from her
late residence. 1219 Filbert street, thence to
- Bt. Brlgld's Church for- services at 9 o'clock.
• Internment nrlvate.
JORDAN-In this ¦ city. January 15, 1901, at
Our Ladles' Home. 83 Rlncon place. Miss
Kate Jordan, a native of County Roscom-
mon, Ireland, aged 66 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully-Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), from the Chapel of the Passion,
attached to St. Mary's Hospital, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her ' soul," commencing at 7:15
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
l):40 o'clock- train from Third and Town-
send streets.
KELLING— In thie city, January 14, 1901. Lla-
ela Loretta Kelllng, ' beloved wife of Henry
Kelling, and niece of the late Catherine Mc-
Quade, a native of San Francisco, aged 84
years 1 month . and - 12 days.*. (Troy and
Albany, N. Y., and j Victoria papers please
copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, .MA Williams street, thence to St.
Mary'a Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LARSEN— In the City and. County Hospital.
' January 16, 1901, William Larsen, a native
of Norway, aged 61 years.
LE CLERT— In Tulare, January 15, 1901, Theo-
dore S. Le Clert, eon of Mr. and Mrs. S. T.
Le Clert, and husband of Phebe C. Le Clert.
a native of California.
McKENNEY— In Oakland, January J6, 1901.
Roy J. McKenney. a native of California,
aged 25 years 1 month and 21 days.
MANNIX— In this city. January 15, 1901, Jo-
eeoh. beloved . brother of John and Peter
Manntx, a native of White Gate. County
Galway, Ireland, aged 33 years and 2 months.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew, & English. 41 Van Ness avenue, thenae
to St. Peter's Church, Alabama and Twenty-
fourth streets, for services at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MORGAN— In this city, January 15, 1901/ Mary,
beloved wife of John D. Morgan, a native of
Cape Breton, Canada, aged 29 years. (Cana-
da and Boston, Mass., papers please copy.)
HjTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 12:80 o'clock, from the par-
• lors of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street,
' between Eighth and Ninth, thence to Bt
P«ter's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MURKE— In the City and County .Hospital,
January 16, 1901, John F. Murke, a native of
Germany, aged 67 years.
O'CONNELL^-In this city January 14, 1901.
Mrs. Annie O'Connell, beloved wife of Mich-
ael O'Connell, sister of Mrs. Mary Dunn,
cousin of Mrs. EHen Cuslck, and godmother
of William Aloysius Curren, ¦ a native of
New York, aged 48 years. (New York papers
please copy.)
CiT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & Ettgllsh, 41 Van Neas avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church. Tenth street,
for services at 11:30 o'clock. Interment Holy.
Ctces Cemetery.
PLOVER— In this city, January 18, 190L Pat-
rick Plover, a native of Ireland, j
(Cyinterment private.
RASMUSSEN— In this city, January 18, 1901,
Viola Rasmursen, beloved daughter of Sarah
and Andrew Rasmussen, and sister of Lizzie
Rasmussen, a native of San Francisco, aged
9 months and 14 days. ,
E7" Funeral this day (Thursday), at 1
o'clock, from the residence of her grand-
mother. 452 Minna street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. Oakland.
REILLY— In this city. January 18. l«01. Thomaa
W., beloved son of Anthony and Mary Rellly.
a native of Illinois, . aged 41 years and 6
months.
ITT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
•(Friday), at- — --e'clooR. from -the residence
of the parents. 642% Natoma street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. -
RIPPEN— In this city, January 14. 1J01. Hen-
rietta D. Rippen, beloved mother of Adolph
Rippen, a nat've of Germany, aged 68 years.
RYAN— In thip city, January 16, 190L Thomas
C. dearlr beloved husband of Eliza Ryan,
and father of Thomas J.. William I.. Frank,
George H.. Elizabeth -H.. Catherine and Fan-
nie C. Ryan, Mrs. Margaret Tojettl and the
late James H. Ryan.
(ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the family
residence. 1310 OTarrell street, thence, to St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where
a reauiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCANXON — In this city. January 14, 1901,
Kitty E. Scanlon, only and beloved daughter
of Mrs. J. F. Stone, sister of William H.
and Joseph R. Scanlon and Frank Stone, and
niece of Mrs. M. O'Brien of Pinole, a native
of San Francisco, aged 25 years and 24 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Ladies' Sodality of St. Ignatius
Church are respectfully invited to attend the
i funeral this day (Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock,
from her late residence, 625 Third street,
thence to St. Ignatius Church, Hayes street,
where a requiem high mass win be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SCHLESSELMANN— In this city, January 14,
1901, John H., beloved husband of Caroline
M. Schlesselmann, and father of Mrs. A.
Heeth. Mrs. J. Bender and Emma. Alma.
Adolph. Hermann, Johnnie and Walter
Schles&elmann, a native of/ Jork. Hanover,
Germany, aged 66 years 7 months and 11
dajB. A member of the San Francisco
Bchuetzen Verein; Concordla Lodge No. 122,
I O O. F. : the Veteran Odd Fellows, and
Hercules Lodge No. 53. A. O. U. W.
(r^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 347 Haight street.' thence to Odd Fel-
lows' ¦' Hall, corner Seventh and Market
streets, where Eervlces will be held under the
auspices of Concordla Lodge No. 122, I. O.
0. F.. commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, January 14, 1901. Bridget.
beloved wife of Owen Smith, and dearly be-
loved mother of Mary A., John C. and James
J Smith, a native of County Cavan, Ire-
land, aged 70 years 3 months and 20 days.
¦ (New York and Connecticut papers please
copy.)
(ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4138 Twenty-fifth street, thence to 8t.
Paul's . Church, where - a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for trie repose of her
bouI, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. " . _- «
SMITH— In this city, January IS. 1901, Jennie
Lorretta Smith, dearly beloved daughter of
Patrick and Mary Smith, a native of Ban
Francisco, aged 4 years S months and 4
days.
SOLOMON— In this city.- January 15, 1901,
Chapman, beloved husband of Seraphlne Solo-
mon, and father of C. N. R., A. A. and F.
H. Solomon and Mrs. Mark Well. & native
of New Orleans, aged 55 years 6 months and
r. days. ' (New Orleans and Houston, Texas,
papers please copy.)
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 4050 Twenty-fourth street, near Cas-
tro. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
11:40 o'clock train from Twenty- fifth and Va-
lencia streets depot. .
THOMSON— In this city, January 16, 190!,"
William, beloved husband of Hana E. Thom-
son, and father of Andrew W. f Edward J.,
William. Alfred, Emma, Dora and Mary
Thomson, a native of Norway, aged 78 years
and 2. months. .
TREWHELLA— In this city, - January 14, 1901, :
William, beloved husband of - Carrie Trew-
hella, a native of England, aged 65 years V
month and ¦- 14 days. A member of Nevada
Lodge No. 1. . K. of P. (Grass Valley and
Virginia City papers please copy.)
cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the -funeral this, day
(Thursday),^ at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
« lors of the Windsor Hotel. Interment Mount'
Olivet Cemetery, via electric ¦ funeral car
• from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. ¦¦ ,
WINKELMAN— In this city,- January 16, 1901,
William Diedrlck Winkelman. .beloved son
of Mr. and Mrs. P. H.'Rolffs (nee Winkel-
man), and brother of Mrs. A. H. . Harms
and the late Fred : Winkelman, a. native of
San Francisco, aged 28 years and 4 months. :
WRIGHT— In this city, January, 15,: 1901, Wil-
liam.- dearly • beloved . husband of Annie
Wright, • beloved father , of • Mrs. J. Dolan,
V Mrs. R. Gallagher, Mrs. J. Dunphy and Rob-
, ert; William, Frank, .Edward, Annie, .Lo-
retta. Charles, \ Joeeph, Emily, and Ethel
Wright, a native of England, aged 62 years
and 10 months. .
¦:¦¦¦ ICTFriends and acquaintances ; are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at- 8:30. o'clock, -from his lat*
residence. 2218 Fifteenth street.", thence- to
Mission Dolores Church, where a requiem
• high mass, will* be. celebrated: for the repose
of hla soul, commencing at S o'clock." Inter-
; ment ' Holy Cross Cemetery, y/ •' -
Mn.'V Laura Becker * and children wish •" to
extend \their heartfelt- thanks : for - the . kind-
ness received in their recent bereavement. |
HARRIS— In this city, January 15, 1901, Wil-
liam H. Harris, a native of Virginia, aged
78 years. ".
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Church
of the Advent, Eleventh street, between Mar-THE LATE MRS. J. J. RET, "WHO CAME TO CALIFORNIA IN 1854 AND "
MARRIED > THE PARTNER OF HER BROTHER, JOSEPH BRIT
TON, WHO* PRECEDED HER.
Vesuvius oil stock Is a winner. ' Near oil pro
ducers. Dr. J. S. Potts is president oA com
pany. Buy the stock. 40c. 461 Parrott building.
Policeman J. P. Carson, while endeavor
ing to . board a Larkln-street cable car
yesterday afternoon near the corner of
Polk and Sacramento streets, missed his
hold and fell to the ground. One of tha
wheels of the car passed over his right
foot and the bones of the instep were
badly crushed. He was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where the wound was
dressed, and thenca to his homa at 2953
Pine street.
Policeman's Foot Crushed.
Many people are asking dally the big
furniture house of the Pattoslen Co. why
they don't sell .on the plan, of paying a
little at a time, which means big prices
at all times? Some time after paying near
ly the whole bill the Sheriff comes and
takes the goods back to the little at a
time store. The Pattoslen Co. gives
credit to the right people and doesn't break
up a home after the goods are sold, and
prices of course are low, particularly at
the Great Challenge Sale. Corner Six
teenth and Mission streets. *
Installment Flan Is No Good.
George F. Gray two years ago. submitted
a list of her expenditures while in New
York to Judge Troutt yesterday In sup
port of her claim that her husband was
behind in his monthly payments of $200
per month allowed her as alimony.
Gray claims that he has overpaid his
ex-wife $1900, but she says he still owes
her $800. The money sent her while nhe
was in New York, she claims, was spent
in procuring medical treatment for her
child.
A decision In the case will be rendered
within a few days.
DIVORCED COTJPXJE
DISPUTE OVEB AUMONY
Madge Gray Claims Money Is Due
Her; Husband Says Ee Has
Overpaid Her.
Madge E. Gray, who was divorced from
There Is not an ounce of headache in a bar
rel of It — Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey.
Judge Dalngerfield now leads Judge Gra
ham by thirty-four votes in the contest
now on hearing before Judge Murasky
During the recount yesterday Graham
made a net gain of five votes.
Daingerfleld Still Leads.
Dr. Louis D. Bacigalupl will be the prob
able appointee as autopsy surgeon to the
new Coroner.
Dr. Leland holds the chair of assistant
professor of physiology in the medical de
partment of the State University; he holds
the professorship of internal medicine in
the post graduate medical department of
the State University and is also assistant
surgeon of the State Naval Reserve. He
is a married man.
the Hamilton Evening School in this city.
He practiced medicine and surgery in this
city and built up a lucrative clientele.
When Dr. Cole was elected Coroner Dr.
Leland received the appointment of au
topsy surgeon.
Mayor Phelan appointed Dr. Thomas B.
IV. Leland as Coroner of the city and
county of San Francisco yesterday, to
succeed the late Dr. R. Beverley Cole.
There was the greatest reticence in the
Mayor's office In regard to the appoint
ment of Dr. Leland. out of consideration
for the death and funeral of Dr. Cole.
The Mayor could not be Eeen, but it
vras learned on the highest authority
that he had appointed Dr. Leland to the
office of Coroner, but would not make
the fact public until after the funeral of
Dr. Cole, which takes place to-day.
Dr. Inland was asked concerning- his
c I point men t late last night, and while he
would not admit that he had been ap
i:clnted he would not positively deny it.
The new Coroner Is popular In medical
circles. He was born in Tuolumne County
in 1870 and attended the public schools
and the State Normal School at San Jose.
H* graduated from the Normal School In
IKK) and was a teacher in the schools of
Merced County for two years.
In 1S!H he graduated from the medical
department of the State University after
taking the regular course. During the
time that he was studying at the State
University Dr. Leland was principal of
The New Official Is a Native Son and
Stands High Professionally.
DR. T. B. W. LELAND APPOINTED
CORONER BY MAYOR PHELAN
E. Roy Harrison's Briar Root vs. F. Jones'
Harlean Gladys; Harrigan & Wiegand's Over
ture vs. George Parkinson's Ben Lomond; E.
M. Kellogg" s Sweet Emma vs. E. M. Kellogg' s
Kid McCoy; Curtis & Sons' Maud S vs. J. Hol
den's Scottish Chief; P. J. Rellly.'s The Grafter
vs. A. Bucher's Kanaka; G. Lennon's Half
Moon -vs. Captain Cane's Master Davenport;
T. J. Cronin's Daisy Dale vs. Russell & Allen's
Daisy Clair: R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot vs. D.
J. Healy*s Tapioca; F. Price's Forget vs. Pasha
Kennels' Roguish Antics; J. R. McCarthy's
Joha Doe vs. Russell & Allen's Wedding Bells;
Chlarlnl Bros.' Brass Buttons vs. Curtis & Sons'
Warpath ; Curtis & Sons' Flying Fox vs. J.
Hurley's Rlley Grannan; J. Smith's Master
Workman vs. -J. R. Smith's Password; McCar
thy & Dinar a Prairie Princess vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Racy ( Anecdote ; Aeneld Kennels' Achilles
vs. T. J.t Cronin's Vixen; H. Perigo's Controller
vs. • D. - Dillon's : Challenger; Connell Bros.'
White Hat vs. .F. A. McComb's Little Sister;
Russell & Allen's Spiteful vs. F. McCool's Finn
McCool; R.L." Taylor's Mose vs. P. J. Rellly'i
Honesty; J. Sut ton's Herschel's Pride vs.
George Sherman's Bowery Boy: E. Geary's Palo
Alto vs. B. Brophy's Benicia Boy; J. Hurley's
OK Capitol vs.- H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot;
Walsh & Heenan's Sacramento Boy vs. H. Perl
go's Lady Davenport:- W. C. Glasson's Dew
drop . vs. Russell & Allen's Strayaway; H. A.
Deckelman's Ben Klrby vs. T. Tlerney's Lucre
tla Borgia; P. J.Reilly's Peter West vs. Pasha
Kennels' Random Aim; CO. Petersen's Silver
Cloud vs. J.- R. Smith's Sylvanus; T.W. Bar
tels'^ Mac's Melody vs.. A.' Vanderwhite's Lear
King; Curtis ;& Sons' . Kibosh vs.- P. Doyle's
Liberator; ' George'. Shannan's Saint Joe vs. L.
F. Bartels" * Beer Brewer; Aeneid Kennels' Fine
Fire vs. George Shaman's Black Flush: R, E.
de B. Lopez & Son's Warrlgo vs. Curtis & Sons'
War Eagle; Connell Bros.' Mamie Pleasant vs."
H. A. Deckelman's Master. Rocket; Pasha Ken
nels'- Rival' s^, Answer vs. • George Nethercott's
Floodgate; Russell & Allen's Castaway vs. Cap
tain Cane's Victor Queen;- B. Sylva's Reannex
vs. R. E. de B. Lopez &. Son's Eagar; D. J.
Healy's Lady Clair vs. T. J. Cronin's Vandal;
Maher & Reid's. Uncle Fuller vs. R. L. Taylor's
Sir Van: J.- Hurley's Gramercy v«. T.Bane'a
Walt a Little; 1 J. Hurley's Hurricane vs. Pasha
Kennels' Risky-Attempt: Curtis & Sons' Cash
vs. F. A.' McComb's Royal Flush; J. R. Smith's
Petronius vs.' D., J.'Healy*8 Urania; Curtis &
Sons' -Charta vs. R. E. -de B. Lopez & Son's
Sweetness: F. Jones' Wedge wood vs. J. Smith's
Boney; Boy : Aeneid Kennels' Aethra vs. Pasha
Kennels'.. Roman Athlete; - J. Hodgkln's ¦ King
Cashier vs. « D.v J. Healy's r Nicasio; CWarlnl
Bros.' Buneo Bill vs. Chiarini Bros.' Santonin:
Curtis & Sons' Shadow vs. H. A. Deckelman's
Lawrence; P. Jackson's Honor Bright v«. Con
nell Bros.' Log Boy : j Russell ; & Allen's First
Foot i vs. J. s A. Klein's Coronado; ¦ Pasha ' Ken
nels' Ready Always vs. Curtis & Sons' Echo;
T. J. Cronin's Wild Tralee vs. Russell & Allen's
Scotland Yet; F.. A. McComb's BoRa Fide vs.
Maher &¦ Reid's Bad Boy; Captain Cane's
Greenhall vs. Ereklne & Jones' Lavender; Kay
Bros.' Hawker,, vs. - George Sharn.an's Chicago
Boy; Pasha Kennels* . Rourfd About vs. Curtis &
Sons'.. McKinley;; Pasha' Kennels". Royal Anne
vs. Pasha , Kennels' Rural .-'Artlfct; E. Gearys
Bonnie Pasha vs: P. StelnhofTs'.Veto; Curtis &
Sons' ¦ Anchor vs. Pasha 1 Kennels' * Real Article ;
E. Geary's^ America', vs.-', Pasha May
Hempstead ; G. ; Lemmon's ¦ Sir Crawford vs; P.
, J.^Rellly'sLoughneaghrF.v Price's. Brutus vs.
CV; Bonnar's;Wild Norah:':i Sterl ,'•&! Knowles'
Sleety Mist vs.' A. Vanderwhite's Montana Bell;
iW.r Cairn's Imperial vs. EX ;. M. " Kel loss's Iowa
The drawlne of the 128-dog- open stake
for Saturday and Sunday coursing at
Union Park was held last night at Pyth
ian Hall, resulting as follows:
FAST HOUNDS DBAWN.
Third round— McKlnley beat Daylight, 4-2;
Belle Rocket beat Royal Anne, 12-4; Psyche
beat Belle Claire, 5-1; Cash beat Half Moon,
4-0; Miss Wilson beat Victor Boy, 18-5; Echo
beat Master Davenport, 3-2; Random Aim, a
bye; Herschel's Pride beat John Doe, 11-6.
Fourth round-rMcKlnley beat Belle Claire.
7-4; Psyche beat Miss Wilson, 6-2; Cash beat
Random Aim, 5-1; Echo beat Herschel's
Pride. • 7-5.
Balance of- stake not run, Curtis & Sons'
entries being the only contestants.
Second round— McKlnley beat Ben's Babe,
6-0; Daylight beat Ready Always, 6-0; Belle
Rocket beat ' Warrigral, 12-3: Royal Anne beat
Minnie Wa Wa, 17-6: Psyche beat Ripple, 8-2;
Cash beat Strayaway, S-0: Belle Claire beat
Scotland Yet, 11-7; Half Moon beat Risky At
tempt, 10-8; Victor Boy. beat Froety Morn, 14-6;
Miss Wilson beat . O'Hara, 10-3; Echo beat
Boney Boy, 6-2: Master Davenport beat Mira
Monte, 7-2; Random Aim beat Black Hawk,
5-2; Game Boy beat Kibosh, 4-1; John Doe beat
Aethra, 4-2; Herschel's Pride beat Ama
rosa, 9-7.
Dreadnaught, B-3; G. Lennon'a Half Moon beat
R. L. Taylor's Sir Van. 6-1: Pasha Kennels'
Risky Attempt beat E. M. Kellogg' s Crawford
Belle. 18-7; F. A. McComb's Frosty Morn beat
O. Zahl's Toney Bowers, 7-2; J. Canes "Victor
Boy beat J. Dean's Gallant, 4-0; O. Zahl's Miss
Wilson beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan, 4-3; Sterl
& Knowles' C/Hara beat John Char 1 ton's Tem
ple, 3-0: J. Smith's Boney Boy beat E. M.
Kellogg's Sweet Emma, 8-2; Curtis & Sons'
Echo beat Curran Bros.' Loyalist, 6-2; J.
Keenan's Mira Monte beat R. E. do B. Lopez's
The Levite. 8-3; J. Cane's Master Davenport
beat Pasha Kennels' Racy Anecdote. 16-6;
Pasha Kennels' Random Aim beat J. H. Mc-
Neil's Pearl Mac, 8-3; J. H. McNeil's Black
Hawk beat A. Vanderwhite's Master Gordon.
8-0; Curtis & Sons' Kibosh beat H. A. Deckel
man's Ben Klrby. 8-5: J. Button's Game Boy
beat G. Lennon's Jennie Noyes, 8-1; Aeneld
Kennels' Aethra beat Sterl & Knowles' Ollta,
8-6; J. R. McCarthy's John Doe beat H. A.
Deckelman's Flyaway, 9-6; J. Sutton'i Her
schel's Pride beat Aeneld Kennels' Agamem
non, 3-1: Sterl & Knowles' Amarosa beat "W.
Calrnes' Gold Ore, 6-0.
At the close of the fourth round of the
midweek reserve event at Union Coursing
Park yesterday Curtis & Sons* four grey
hounds, McKlnley, Psyche, Cash and
Echo, 'were the only ones left in the
stake. With the top prizes already won
and no advantage to be gained In running
to a final decision, the Curtis family de
cided to save their hounds and In conse
quence y the fifth round and the deciding
course were not run.
The day's results, with. Judge ' John
Grace's official scores, follow: .
Midweek reserve stake: First round— Curtis
& Sons' McKinley beat J. R- Smith's Pasa
Word. 3-0; E. M. Kellogff's Ken's Babe beat
C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud, 8-5; W. J.
Leonard's Daylight beat R. E. de B. Lopez's
Pawnbroker, 13-8; Pasha Kennels' Ready Al
ways beat F. Brown's - Tammany. -4-1; R. E.
de B. Lopez's Wan-I^al beat R. L. Taylor's
Freedom's Banner," 14-8; R. E. de B. Lopez's
Minnie Wa Wa beat Curtis & Sons' Rosinante,
4-0; H. A. Deckelman's Belle Rocket beat T.
XV. Bartel's Best Brand, 9-3; Pasha Kennels'
Royal Anne beat D. Dillon's Challenger, 3-0;
Curtis & Sons' Psyche beat-J. Cane's Victor
Queen. 8-3; Sterl & Knowlea' Ripple- beat D.
Sheehan's Stam B, 14-5; Russell & Allen's
fitrayaway beat F. Moran's Gold Dollar, 14-4;
Curtis & Sons' Cash beat Sterl & Knowles'
Rusty Gold, 4-0; Russell & Allen's Scotland
Yet beat J. Carroll's Lord Chesterfield. 7-5;
Pasha Kennels' Belle Claire beat J. Keenan's
MRS. J. J. REY, a sister of Jo
seph Brltton and one of the
pioneer women of this State,
passed away suddenly last Mon
day at the family residence, 820
Union street, and was buried ! yesterday.
She had reached the advanced age of 71
years. Her death, which was evidently
due to old rage, came without the least
warning:, as she was attending- to her
household duties and apparently enjoy
ing the best of health.
Mrs. J. J. Rey was a native of England,
and with her father and mother came to
California forty-six years ago to Join her
•lney- Run One, lwo, Ihree and Four in
the Stake at Union Coursing Park.
HONORS ARE EASY FOR CURTIS' DOGS
brother, who had emigrated hither In 1843.
Shortly after her arrival here she became
the wife of John Jacques Rey, her broth
er's partner In business. Her life, which
was devoted to her home and her chil
dren, was an exceedingly happy and beau
tiful one. Mr. Brltton, his sister and her
husband formed one household, whose
hospitality was its chief characteristic.
Mrs. Rey, was a domestic woman in 'the
full sense of the, word. She cared little
for society and "fcever Interested herself
In the contentions which agitate many
members of her sex. Retiring in disposi
tion, she rarely crossed the threshold of
her home except when necessity re
cuired It.
"Glaze offered to buy the business from
us and we were willing to take- his offer,
but I discovered to-day that he had en
deavored to secure a loan on the furni
ture, which fact he always kept secret
from us.
"Some weeks before my husband's death
I asked him to force Glaze to file a state
ment of the condition of the business He
finally obeyed my suggestion and the re
sult was that an account was turned In
to us by Glaze on which items amounting
to several hundred dollars appeared
which neither myself nor my husband
knew anything about On investigation
we found that Glaze had overdrawn his
account several hundred dollars, had run
up a prodigious bar bill, which we were
paying for; had purchased silk dresses
and other expensive clothing, which were
charged to the copartnership, and last,
but not least, that a large amount of beer
and other liquids were being consumed by
Glaze and his family in their apartments.
I would never have discovered this last
fact had it not been for an effort on the
part of Glaze to secretly remove the bot
tles from the room. Then again- one day
he tried to force a porter, whom I only
knew by the name of 'Robert,' but whom
I will see Is found to testify in this case,
to loan him $500 during the time In which
my husband was forcing Glaze for a
settlement. Mr. Mocha, who is employed
here, will also testify to similar facts, and
also to the fact that Glaze frequently car
ried a revolver when in an excited mood,
caused by his financial difficulties."
In view of the facts tending to estab
lish the motive for the killing advanced
by Mrs. Trewhella, an expert will be put
to work on the books to-day.
Mrs. Trewhella gave her version of the
trouble caused on Sunday night by Mrs.
Glaze, and said that Mr. Trewhella did
not strike Mrs. Glaze In trying to put
her out of his apartments. He simply put
his hand on her shoulder, she said. Mrs
Trewhella then told how her husband had
helped Glaze in every way in the suit
which was brought against Glaze by the
man who found for him a partner in the
hotel. Mrs. Trewhella declared that she
had never known her husband to have a
pistol in his possession during the twenty
odd years they had been married, and
that when his sons had a pistol he warned
them to put It away, as many men had
been killed by carrying a weapon of that
kind.
Mrs. Trewhella also said that a large
sum of money should be on deposit at the
Donohoe-Kelly Bank to the credit of her
husband and Glaze, but that she had in
quired and found that only $60 was on
hand to the firm's credit. ¦
The testimony secured by the police yes
terday is of a most serious nature, and so
far not a particle of evidence has come
to light to substantiate the claim made
by Glaze that he shot Trewhella In self
defense. .
Detectives Cody and McMahon yester
day located the gun store where. Glaze
bought the cartridges and tried his re
volver. The store Is owned by H EL
Skinner & Co., and is situated at 416 Mar
ket street.
Hippsley Justain. a salesman in the
store, made a statement to the police that
he had Known Glaze for many years: On
Monday, between noon and 1 p. m., Glaze
came Into the store and asked Justain to
fix a revolver. Justain did so, and Glaze
then bought a box of cartridges. Justain
went with Glaze Into the basement of the
store, where both flred two shots from
the pistol. Justain says that Glaze was
perfectly cool and collected and seemed
to be the same as usual.
The statement published yesterday In a
morning paper that Glaze had received
a letter on Monday last from C. D. Davis
a real estate man, to the effect that
Trewhella had made threats against the
life of Glaze, is absolutely untrue. Davis
called at police headquarters yesterday
and was very indignant over the false
publication. The letter Davis wrote to
Glaze was dated last Saturday and was
delivered at the Windsor Hotel on Mon
day morning. The letter was In Glaze's
pocket when he was searched at the
prison. It referred to a proposition made
by Glaze to secure a loan from Davis
and his partner, Rives, on security of a
chattel mortgage on the furniture of the
Windsor Hotel and contained absolutely
no reference to Trewhella.
Another letter found on Glaze was from
a man on Montgomery street, giving In
formation ae • to loans on furniture, „ etc.
The lease of the Windsor Hotel. was also
In Glaze's pocket when he was searched
by the police.
Davis made a~ statement to Captain of
Detectives Seymour last night. ( in which
he told of the negotiations made - with
him by Glaze, who wanted to get a loan
on the furniture of the Windsor Hotel
for the purpose' of buying Trewhella out.
T>as=t Friday Davis went to the hotel and
met Glaze, who introduced him to Trew
hella,- ¦¦ ¦
Mrs. Lulu ¦ Spencer, a •waitress, ¦ also
made a statement to. the police last night.
On Sunday- last she heard Glaze '-say »to
Trewhella. "I if I don't settle
this to-morrow." She spoke of Trqwhella
as a very quiet man and said Glaze would
get very cross at times. Whenever Glaze
spoke sharply to Trewhella, the» latter
would say nothing in reply, but would
walk away.
The- funeral of Trewhella . will take
placo to-day, and the Inquest will be held
to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock. .
Funeral Will Be Bsld
To-day.
An expert accountant will supplant the
detectives In searching for the motive for
! the kllllngr of William Trewhella by Rob-
I ert E. Glaze at the Windsor Hotel last
| Monday afternoon. The detectives, short
! ly after the killing of Trewhella, aban
doned all theories chat other than mat
ters of finance were responsible for the
: violent death of Trewhella.
In a long Interview with Chief of Police
Sullivan and Captain of Detectives Sey
mour yesterday Mrs. Trewhella gave her
version of the financial difficulties that
had existed for some time between her
husband and Glaze.
Her suspicion— her belief, in fact— that
no other motive than the one stated ex
isted was strengthened by the Ming of a
suit yesterday by Gla^e and his wife
against her and others whom the plain
tiffs allege have an interest in the Wind
sor Ho^el. Joined witn Mrs. Trewhella as
defendants in the action are M. E. Tay
lor, William A. Millpr, Georjre Delapot Jr.,
W. M.. Brunt and Thomas Maton.
The plaintiffs demand an accounting
and settlement of the affairs of the co
partnership between Glaze and his vic
tim on the allegation that great dam
age and harm would come to them if the
hotel business was allowed to run with
out the guiding hand of an officer of thj
court. They oray that a receiver be ap
pointed to exercise his authority until ths
controversy has been settled by the final
judgment of the court.
Attorneys Vogelsang & Brown, on be
half of Glaze, applied to Superior Judge
Kerrigan and secured the appointment of
H. A. McCallister as receiver. Later in
the evening when the fact that the motive
for the appointment of a receiver had
been Impugned by Mrs. Trewhella, widow
of the deceased, became known Judge
Kerrigan limited the authority of the re
ceiver and will to-day take action to se
cure the better protection of all parties I
Interested. The appointment of a re
ceiver was Immediately seized upon , by
those named as, defendants In the action
Instituted by Glaze as the possible "steal
ing- of a point" on behalf of Glaze.
In regard to her belief that the killing
of her husband was due to a discrepancy*
in Glaze's accounts, Mrs. Trewhella said:
"My husband and Glaze never quarreled,
but both he and myself wera satisfied that
Glaze was robbing us. At 'one time my
husband and Glaze made propositions
each to buy the other's Interest. In
fact, I went to Auburn on Monday morn
ing last for the purpose of raising- money
In order that my husband might become
sole proprietor of the Windsor Hotel. Not
withstanding my husband's desire to buy
Glaze out, he frequently told me that in
asmuch as Glaze was the senior partner
In the firm, his wishes must be respected,
'and,' said my husband, 'though I do not
wish to leave the Windsor, I will take his
money and let him continue the business
alone."
the Other's Interest — Victim's
Mrs. Trewhella Says Motive
May Thus Be Found
for Killing.
Each Partner Had Made Offer to Buy
WINDSOR HOTEL
ACCOUHTS WILL
BE EXAMINED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 17, 1901 .
HAPPY HOME LIFE ENDS
WHEN YEARS ARE MANY
Mrs. J. J. Rey, One of Pilgrims of the '80's,
Joins the Innumerable Caravan.
12
Hole's. | Hale'a.
Hale's white goods sales _^^
are looked forward to by the thrifty for \ cinnil&l /
economical investment in gcods of J white I
personal and household need / goods \
But success brings Its penalties. Each of the*© sales I ~-^l«. I
, must offer wider opportunities and greater values than '¦ \ Sal6 /
Its predecessor. This year in the new store we have \^ J
gone far forward. We have gathered the stocks with
a more lavish hand and priced them closer to the cost
of production than ever before.
Hale's famous double=warp sheets.
They are torn— not cut— from the piece, thus assuring straight edges when
laundered. The muslin is of high character and the making the best and
neatest that can be done. Their lronllke wear makes them especially desira-
' ble for hotel use.
size 64x90 inches, each 4Co size «3x90 Inches. eacli..............50o
size 72x90 Inches, each 55c B i za gix^o laches each.. ........... .GOo
size 90x90 Inches, each G3o
the muslin undergarments
in the white goods sale were made in clean, healthy and
well ventilated workrooms.
Every garment is perfect in shape, generous In propor-
>^ tlon and wonderfully low in price. Space to-day to tell of
but three items from the multitude— but they're interesting.
rit^f J:^& Ladles" jown« of fine muslin— elg-ht different style*.
>;*£•' rf Made with high, low square or V shaped necks, with hand-
fHHO - f> some yokes of lace and embroidery— collars and cuffs
v3? «f trimmed to match. Each g$c
'<*» -— <g;jN Ladles' walking skirts of-grood heavy muslin— two dlf-
/> Sa — <}\ \fA~C-? ferent styles. One has wide cambric flounce at bottom, fln-
J-H y%-^^'--£*y £ Si lshed with deep hem and row of fine tucks; the other is
V S?i2 s »3C» lrt Jr Ii V & made with deep flounce which Is edged with lace. Either
Vo-H$> S^-^ji "ty 1 * 4So
/ \ Yil''&' sj*-3-i\/& - Ladles* drawers of »rood soft muslin— umbrella style^ —
1 \j&&> • Cf^'fi'-X' finished with deep hemstitched cambric ruffle at bottom.
t /Zjn'^A.-* v-«H :^ Per pair 4 22c
'hp$%J0is the H^ht well— one of the splendid
; /g^:/X|\! i features of the new Hale store — Is particu-
D li% larly beautiful at this time in its dress of
see the plantation features on 4th floor.
Market r^sfjM ' *ffl opposite
Sixth. Mi *-./wM»^^^ avenue.
SPECIAL SALE!
Thursday— Friday— Saturday.
THESE 8 BARGAINS ARE THIS
WEEK'S HINTS FOR CARETLT,
BITTERS. WE HAVE OUR STORE
FULL. OF GOOD THINGS AT LOW
PRICES— THAT' 3 WHY WE ETVXTB
JOUR TRADE.
Butter, 2 squares 75c
Fancy Creamery.
Has been selling at Me a square.
Eggs 2 dozen 65c
Fancy Ranch.
Great reduction.
Finnan Haddies, lb 15c
A choice new lot Just arrived.
Royans a la Vatel, can 15c
Sardines packed in olive oil with
truffle and plckl*.
Regularly 20a
Oranges, dozen 25c
Fancy large navel oranges.
Regularly tea. »
OK Whiskey, bot 7oc, 3 bots$2.00
Gallon $3.00
Finest quality of
this well-known brand,
Regularly $1 and $i.
Mineral Water, doz. ate $1.75
"Cook's Springs." Recommended
for Dyspepsia, Biliousness and all
Stomach. Kidney and Liver troubles.
Malaria cannot exist in the system
of those 'who use this water.
Regularly (2 25 a dozen,
Anchovies in Oil, bot. .30c
An excellent appetizer — very delidoas.
Regularly 25c
COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED
TO. CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
Telephone, Main 5522.
Preparatory loVacating Store.
MIHRAN'S Renowned Stock
*V"VV OF ¦
Art Goods and Antique Furniture,
AT PEREMPTORY
AUCTION
coaniEXCiNQ
TO-DAY, THURSDAY,
At 11 a. zn. and 2 p. m.
Dally until January 28.
SW. Cor. Geary and Stockton.
Rather than put th« roods in a wanhousa
will be sold out at auction. This is rue buyers'
opportunity. Lars* stock, chotca genuine
goods. No auction rugs in this collection.
Finest and largest stock in the United Stats*.
A. W. LOUDERBACK, Auctioneer.
Broken
Eyeglass
jjeate* replaced for 5O ecnta.
Any Astigmatic leases duplicated tat 91.0O
and ft .30.
Guaranteed correct and best quality.
Oculists* prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Mala 13.
6.42 Market 5t. i»si»umnij
unpin omoHtu.1 Bun.Di~N&. CATALOGUE FrIC
FREE ELECTRIC BELTJFFER
jfJS'SgJtRS-aa^^rurnUh the orenaln* and
wB>g,gQ 3 !v.TM£. < ?rISyl only HttDUJiRC ALigas at-
B?5€S!!!?ViU6L- "Jf^Tl L\fl CVBB."J« "- ILKCTRIC B«t n
|l«ggfa^T*^«g^"J co any reader of UUj paper.
ntf.potltl'mratnmtf. COSTS
. ALMOST MOTMlilQ compared
S^d^nSSnSSuS.loffae, «*Ui. -«t -d-auSST
SEARS. ROEBUCK A CO., Chicago.
/^OEWEY,STR0NG&C0. ri^
Cl yATENTSl J\
MARKET ST.&F.'SSSr
To Cure the Grip in Two Days
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. •
STILL OUR
General
Clearance Sale
CONTINUES.
Below we quote prices on a few good
things that will bring you to our store
to-day:
Muslin Gowns.
Sailor Collar Gowns, aaWL
made of best muslin; J9*9L
full sizes— 63c quail- •
ty; clearance price " _-3j"^PsL
40c t${4&ik
Dozens of . other « SfSSSrV Ek
styles, all reduced in f>, tfwHv *lf
proportion. - ''i, \ ' iLr/^Bi
Ladies ' 1 JWPf
Gingham Aprons. j UA<ySf
Full length— Ko qual- * "*V /|V\
lty— clearance price . "£if-"f;
15c
Silk Waists.
Taffeta Silk Waists, tucked front and
back; lined throughout; $4.50 GJC) Orr
quality — clearance price....... C-^^C/O
Hand-Crocheted Skirts. .
$2 quality hand-crocheted skirts— in all
colors-'-clearance price........ Cjl' AA
.» . : ; .Boys'- \ : • j ¦
fffel Percale Waists.
/ \^3 ¦*•** sizes — 35c 'quality
|J« jJ^EiA - -rclearance. price ,
§Mm siikjflb ° ts - ¦
NSWUjtlll W/& In a11 colors— Jl qual-
. • fl vV' ¦ '. * ty — clearance ¦ prlca
— '• ¦¦'"¦ •¦'-¦-<tj tj C ••'-•-*••' 'i
Embroideries.
. Just received from 'our Eastern buyer
about 6000 yards of Open "Work Embroid-
ery; double thread; worth" from 15c to 25c
yard; on' sale to-day at" ¦
10c and 12^c yard
Black Sateen Waists. a
In all sizes; w« have only a limited num-
ber, so come early; 'we sell OKA
them at
Children's Dresses.
. Percale Dresses; all sizes; with ¦ 1 o -,'
ruffle on shoulder ' l(3w.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Bet. Taylor and Joe e3.
; ;; : MAIL ORDKRS REXTEIVED. '
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
. ; __{
Our new store in the Baldwin block, which
is now being entirely remodeled, will be one of the
finest in America and the largest devoted to our
fine of goods.
|| MAQNIN'S
|j Removal Sale
Through* selling reliable, high-grade goods of
our own make at reasonable prices, our business
has grown to the extent of compelling us to seek a
larger store, into which we wi.l move this coming
March.
Our removal sale, which started last week, has
proven to be very popular, juJging both from the
number of customers that called and from the favor-
able remarks that they made" relative to the im-
mense values.
Here are some values' typical of the sale. Re-
member, that Magnin's quality means something
rf to you.
. ;- Misses' Ta51or=Made Siaats
Misses 1 tailor-made suits, highly tailored through-
out, silk-ilned jackets, principal materials are solid
• color cloths, serges and fancy tweeds, broken lots,
ages & to 14, former prices $10.00, $12.00 and
V" " $14.00; now must he sold out tor "
$5.00
Children's Dresses
Children's woolen dresses, in ages from 3 to 10
years, have been reduced to such an extent that the
sale prices are even less than the material is worth,
without the trimmings or the cost lor the making.
We suggest an early call.
Children's hats and caps, both imported and
domestic, will be closed out at exceedingly reduced
prices.
French Flannel Waists
French flannel waists, made by ourselves from
imported all-wool material; we mention our own
make that you may know that the waists are supe-
rior to the usual factory-made article; $6. qo and
$7.50 waists reduced to $4.50; $4. 50 and $3.50
waists reduced to $2.50,
L Magnin & Co.,
840 Market Street.
P. RO8COE McXCIiTY, H. D.
g6tf Kearny St., San Francisco. C&L
: ADVEBTISETvrETjrTq
ijxztiisss S IB^** I (
5§l # :3i S ' Pj <
CASH-OR-LITTX.E-AT-A-TIME. \
BEDROOM SUITE >
Of 3 pieces. Beautiful Golden Ash. C
/ Reduced this week to.... <J? 00.50 J
. It's been a long time since such a J
: bargain has been offered. #
I the j. Noon an $
f FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc., \
( 1017-1023 MISSION STREET I
u Abovs 6th, San Francisco. - g
\ L PH0NIM30UTH 14. \
kSGE* nSsSlniMmssMUlli M^tiH '
#P|| Is a Heaftbfol Drink.
1 fc^.Tryrj^jj Recommended
lVICHvi By Physicians,
yrdiU£tJ for Gont and Bheazna- \
Wjk SnLxj tism. Indigestion and
, glrSicfgl Stomach Disorders.
1 BEL! SSiS Crwno SjartatiJtxteA.
VicTij Is Qnlj Inmoitad hi Bottles,
¦ (Ho osTaWT) Tiring* <l i *" nfrtnn
tha xAtomrtaln <* Wrt Py
is . la stpSSo*. IS VCTt TIOHX.
! TbeOnty<knataeVldi3rt*«*IlaA*ae*.
like this cmt, sad no* I<» snystttctsfi.
! . G<m«rml Ammter»B0 9l\i»atmmw.S,X '
DR.MCNULTY:
nmiS WELJ.-KNOWJ* Alf D RELIABLE OLD
L Specialist cvrMBIood Poison, Gonorrhoea, Gleet,
Stricture. Seminal Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men. free,
Orer20rears'«zp«rI«nce.Terms reasonable. Roars.
0to3dally;8:30to3.30ev'g«.f*und»T<i.l0tr>12. Consul*
Utlonfreeandsacredly confidential. Can or address
THE unused piano should now be a. thing of the past.
Wherever there is a piano an Angelus is needed. • It is not
a self-playing piano, but a wonderful little instrument by
means of which any one can play any piano — not as a self-
playmg piano plays, but with the touch and technique of the
artistic musician, and with the individuality of the player never
. lost.
The Angelus piano player is the original piano
player, and with it the performer can produce effects not pos-
sible with any other. For example:
i. A piano playing alone. 4. A piano with flute effect.
i'-'i 2. An orchestral organ playing 5. A piano and full orchestral
alone. , organ combined all at ths
3. A piano with violin effect same time.
Angelus Piano Player is 9225.
Angelus Orchestral is from $250 to 9325. V
The Angelus is constantly on free exhibition on the third '
floor of Sherman, Clay & Co. (take elevator). Call and hear
the Angelus and you will see that every home with a piano
should have this wonderful instrument.
Catalogues upon request — we invite correspondence.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO,, tti™*M
Cor. Kearcy A Butter Sts., S. F. Cor. Park & Washington, Portland.
Cor. 12th & Broadway, Oakland. 711 Second Art.. Seattle.