PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ARCHBISHOP CHAPELLE. THE PAPAL DELEGATE TO THE PHILIP
PINES. WHO ADVOCATES A MORE VIGOROUS POLICY IN PUTTING
. DOWN THE INSURRECTION ON THE ISLANDS. ' . :
tlve Racy of v Vlrg1nla;to,the.effect;that'a
marine named" Robert*; Green i had • died at
Annapolis ' from i Ill-treatment ." while sick.
It was 7 alleged that Greejn'jwks .obliged to
march^ while HI 1 from ¦ p'neumonia'and that
the 'decks = were 'washed' beneath ' him while
tie lay ' in ; hla ' hammock '* on* the : San tee.
ranch house, with the Government bridge
across the Bear 'River, was burned on
Christmas night and Mrs. "Ward, the
owner, perished In. the flames. She was
one of the most interesting characters in
the Colorado mountains and was the last
of a family of four, all of .whom met vio
lent, deaths.
The medical .record:shows that:Green
died December j 14 ¦ from quick*- pneumonia.
His! father is a special pension < examiner
credited to.'Sandusky,;Ohio.
Perlslxies in Burning Residence.
>.CRAIG.' j.Colo..' 1- Jan..'4.—News has. Just
reached' hex©'that* the 1 famous • Ward road
of paroles is a serious mistake. The worst
rebels" In the" islands are In the city cf
Manila. • Within a- stone's throw, one
might say, of General MacArthur's resi
dence^ They are in constant communica
tion, with the. other. leaders In the field
and are supplying the first great muni
tion of war— money.-. ..-, : - s , ; r -:•<.•,•
"It is the Archbishop's idea that all the
paroled | Filipino \ ohlcers ' should for the
timo being be, held as nominal prisoners
on some a£ the other islands of the group,
at such adistance as .to, be "entirely out of
communication ' ', with* Agulnaldo a*nd the
other, chiefs. .. Then a. stirring advance of
several -columns' should be: made, against
the bands of Insurgents. They should! be
followed*' constantly . and ', allowed no op
portunity to recuperate their forces or
replenish?- their: stores. Drive them Into
the northern mountains and _ their field for
recruiting ,by intimidation- would be taken
from f them. «
"The vast majority of the Filipino peo
ple, whliel.wlllnotisay they are friendly
to the United. States, are 'peacefully 'in
clined and .deslre!"an erid'ito . the \ strife.
Xhey have r faith* i:i Agulnaldo only so
long as he eludes the Americans and
claims greatl things . for. himself by ' means
cf egotistical .proclamations." „-;¦;•
Father Bressi; will^go by. French wagon
train to j Slenhwa"; and "Bulan, and ' from
the latter r place 'have.'- afcayalry escort to
his destination— Pons- Ti Hbo: -'-.¦- tSJ^.
lean Government • in its dealings with
some of the ill-famed characters of' the
Insurrection is worse than the application
of unduly severe measures. Men like
• • • (here Father BressI omitted read-
Ing the names) and many more of whom I
have heard have been paroled by the
Americans and allowed to return to their
homes, where they have been of far
greater assistance to their unholy cause
than they could hav» ever hoped to be in
the field. I blame the American army
officers for this condition. They are not
exact enough In their duties from ; the
commanding generals down. A vigorous
warfare — not upon the helpless and harm
less inhabitants of the cities and villages,
but upon the bands of marauders parad
ing under the* names of patriots — would
entail less loss of- life and treasure and
bring the unfortunate struggle to a speedy
close. Never will there be peace in. 'these
islands while the American army ls-Bim
ply one of occupation. Action— vigorous,
resolute, manly. Judicious, military— Is
what is needed. Let the present policy be
followed and the "disturbance will re
main." *
Questioned as to his views of t!M mat
ter Father Breesl said that Iiie7 veere In
strict accord with" those of the 'Arch
bishop. ' ' * ' " " * ' - • ' ; ", . ;
"From, my. !ongr experienc* In the Phil
ippines I ¦ n -j\ r/ avlnoed that ' the " granting •
¦ Mrs. Ruff evidently comes from a well
to-do family, for letters on her person
¦how she has between 60.000 and 70.0C3
marks In bank in Germany, which she In
herited. Ruff, . who is at j the O'Connor
Sanitarium, although abls to be out. has
not called to see his- wife since tho fire,
and she believes he Is trying to get rid of
her. .
Mrs. j Ruf! has engaged Attorneys John
Kerwln and Karl Klein and will make a
fight for her liberty.
jj Conrad Ruff, the husband, was closely
examined by District Attorney Campbell
this afternoon at his office. He told a
contradictory story. He said that on the
morning of the fire he himself had locked
the door of the room occupied by Mrs.
Ruff, but would give no reason for doing
so. He told nothing that would fasten
crime upon his . wife.
Mrs. Ruff this evening. was allowed to
go to the homo of her attorney for the
night. This. was done because it was not
wished to keep her and her baby in Jail,
which lacks suitable quarters. She will
be arraigned before Justice Rosenthal to
morrow morning. \
Ruff had: to leave Germany ; because he
was involvedin a swindling scheme and in
order to • escape" arrest; the " couple travel ed
separately; to this- country. Ruff came
alone .'and ' she followed with his children.
They' came at once ".to ' San Jose, where he
purchased the' Golden ¦ West .Dairy. , •
*Mrs.'Ruff says the first she knew of .the
house being on fire >. was , when she .was
awakened by' the* criildrenjknockln g on the
door. At -' that'"' time '.her' room ; was" filled
with smoke' and, ihVflre! was rapidly eat-
woman of 22 years. She denies the charges
and declares It Is v spite work on the part
of .her brother-in-law, to whom her hus
band had turned over $1000 insurance ¦ due
on the burned ' dwelling. • She said that
she met her husbaridat Eddelstellen, Ger
many/ He , was i a prosperous farmer and
they', fell L ln,, love with .each other. j| Her
parents objected to : the. \ match because
Ruff was a widower with a large family
of children, and '¦¦ because of this they left
Germany. A; marriage contract was en
tered Into between her and Ruff and'ba
fore. they'left Germany, and on arrival in
New .York last May they .were married by
a minister. V, ' . -<.
Ing Its .way toward her.. She tried to raise
the window to get out, .but could get it
up , only.a- foot or so. -She wrapped her
baby upon a pillow and tossed it to the
ground, a foot or so Delow. Her screams
brought help and the window was broken
In and she was j dragged out. . Mrs. Ruft
says she was so badlv frightened that
she 'could not' say whether It' was her
husband or the hired man j that rescued
her. .As to her. removing, her. clothing to
the tankhouse she says thct was done
months before", the fire. . .
- Mrs. Ruff says there was an insurance
of $1000 on the burned dwelling. A few
days ag-o she heard that her husband had j
turned .the Insurance over to his brother
and . she stopped -its payment. - j The policy
was' drawn In the Girard Company.. Mrs.
Ruft -says that leaving : Germany
.«he and her ¦ husband • entered -into • an
agreement ' whereby .' the survivor in, case
of, death* was 'to have everything: and on ,
this ; she based the claim for ' the Insur
ance,' .-Her husband . turned the insurance*
'over*: to ' his \ brother without~ner . consent.
•This l aroused the . brother, who, she de
clares', then' caused her, arrest. I
MRS. SALLIE RUFF. WHO IS ACCUSED . OF HAVING CAUSED THE DEATH BT BURNING OF FOUR OF HER
STEP-CHILDREN.' HER BROTHER-IN-LAW, THE COMPLAINANT, CHARGES THAT SHE SET FIRE TO
HER DWELLING AT. SAN JOSE. ' '
. WASHINGTON , : ;Jari. 4 rT The Navy. De
partment "has 'called upon the Superin
tendent of the Naval Academy. f orV a re-_
port on charges submitted by Representa-
AN JOSE. Jan. 4.— Mrs. Sallie Ruff.
(^^^ wife of Conrad Ruff and step-
mother of the four little children
who were burned to death here
on the mornln«r of December 22,
has been charged with murder and arson.
The complainant is Carl Ruff, a brother
of her husband.
The arrest of Mrs^Ruff is the tragic cli
max of a clandestine love match between
herself and husband In Germany. Be
sides charging her with beU.g responsible
for the death of the four children burnert
Carl Ruff accused h»r of causing the
death of another 3-yea.i-old child of her
husband on the eve of ».heir departure for
the United' States.
'.' Oh 'the morning of December 22 tho
home of. Conrad Ruff, who -conducted a
dairy near the corner if Alviso road ami
Hamllne street,' on the northern outskirts
of the city, was totally destroyed by fire.
Four children— Carl, Kate, Barbara and
Conrad Jr., aged from 6 to 14 years — were
burned to death. Two others, Mary and
Louis, were dragged from the burning
structure through a window by William
Valdez, a hired man. Mrs. Ruff, the sec
ond wife of Ruff and stepmother of Vcs
children, was rescued with her three
weeks-old babe in her arms. Conrad Ruff,
the father, in frantic effort* to get to his
children, was badly burned about the
hands. y^'i'^/VK
This morning Carl Ruft, a brother of her
husband, appeared' in Justice Rosenthal's
court and i swore to warrants charging
Mrs. Ruff with murder and arson. He al
leged that she maliciously and felonious
ly set fire to the [house which caused the
death of Carl Ruff, one of the children.
According to the story, o* the brother
ln-Iaw the woman's actions since the fire
have been very susplc'.ous. ' He says that
Mrs. Ruff never showed any, love for tho
children and barely tolerated them. He
declares that Mrs. : Ruft, shortly before
;th© fire, packed her; clothing and jewelry
Into r trunjts and had them stored in a
tankhouse some distance from the housa
burned. She moved all ,the children into
one room and 'the four that were burned
to death occupied one bed. , In this posi
tion their charred bodies were found. Th a
other two slept' on a couch on the floor.
¦When the hired man and Ruff, who were
milking the cows, saw smoke issuing from
the house and rushed to the building, it is
alleged, the back door was locked and
they could not get In. This door had been
open a few, minutes before. . Another sus
picious ] fact, Carl Ruff declares, is that
the woman .was ' warmly dressed K beneath
her nightdress and ; her . own baby, which
was rescued, was well clad and was lying
on a pillow" outside ' the ' window. . \ , .
5. The brother-in-law ; declares that on tlte
eveof the departure tor America of Rup!
and his wife a child 3 years old died mys
teriously. They were . stopping at a hotel
arid after taklngawalk and returning they
found the child dead. A' physician, after a
cursory examination, t said it : had ; dled ; of
heart disease. - but - tho .'.brother, believes
Mrs. Ruff was; responsible for Its . death.
Mrs., Ruff ,1a a .'rather good .looking
ASKS FOR A REPORT
. 1 .."¦- ON/ DEATH i OF GREKN
Uncle of Four Children Burned to Death in the Ruff Home at
San Jose Causes Their Stepmother's Arrest on the Charge
That She Started the Conflagration to Put Them Out of the Way
PEKING. Dec. 5.— That the Philip
pine war is to be the" subject of
an exhaustive report by Archbish
op Chapelle, papal delegate to the
islands, to the Pope is the belie'
of Mons. Paul BressI, secretary of the
French Jesuits in Manila, who is here
Jr. Peking. Father BressI was bound for
China, when the late outbreak occurred,
r.nd only recently came to theChlnese cap
ital. He hlmsrlf is gathering- facts and
figures as to the loests of Catholic mis
sionaries through the uprising here, de
voting special attention to the losses of
life and property among the French
Jesuits. In pursuance of his duties Father
Er^ssi will in a few days start for Buian,
in Mongolia, whence he goes westward
for pome 700 miles.
• Father Brcssi is in possession of a per-
For.al letter from Archbishop Chapelle. In
his talk with Minister Conger* a few days
SteO he referred to the correspondence oi
the papal delegate, and after seeing the
letter Minister Conger requested a copy.
I'.iat he might forward it to Washington.
"I gave Minister Conger a copy of the
letter, because I know exactly the feelings
of the Archbishop on the present uncalled
¦for and unnecessary war between the na
tives of the Philippines and the Govern
ment of the United States." raid Father
Presfil. "and I am certain he will not re
gard Jt as a breach of personal or clerical
confidence. On the contrary, the Arch
bishop is desirous that his views on the
Philippine troubles be known widely in
the T;nlt*»d States as well as in the isl
ands. As regards the making of copious
extracts from the letter by Minister Con
ger, I may as well say that at .Nagasaki
I was tempted to Fend the missive In Its
entirety to President McKir.ley.
"I regret as much as any roan posslb!y
can the fearful struggle that is going on
in the Philippines. It is so entirely un
recesjeary- The church has not taken.
] '.rhaps. as strong a stand as It might
t.ave la the matter, and It Is the purpose
cf the Archbishop to submit such a re
port to the Vatican that the Holy Father
•will u*« his best endeavors with both par
ties looking toward a solution of the diffi
culty. : ' ¦'>•'.
¦ "In his letter to me Archbishop Chapelle
rays as much. He will urge the Pope to
pond a epecial envoy to Washington for
the «ole purpose of advising a change of
policy In the Philippines. It must be re
raemberea that while the Archbishop ' Is
like & father to the Filipino people, he Is
strongly opposed to the exercise of too
much clemency toward the disturbing ele
ment. ; It must not be understood that he
v.ould see Inaugurated a rule of blood and
Iron." Not at all. He Is an apostle of the
God of mercy, and would be happy did all
men live In love and harmony with each
other. But he feels that the rebellion In
the Philippines Is not the work of men
having the best Interests of the Filipino
pr-ople at heart. lie feds that a large
xrlajority of the natives who are at pres
ent, bearing arms against American
authority do bo through fear of Aguinaldo
and the other leaders more than because
of a hatred for the United States or a
feeling that American rule is oppression."
Ifcre Father BressI read from the Arch
blshopfs letter: "Clemency may be im
properly placed. As you are aware I Jus
tify the death penalty only In the most
extreme and aggravated cases of personal
or domestic Injury. I regard It as mur
der, pure and simple, when meted out by
Individuals or governments for political
o«Xenses. But the clemency of the Amer-
Archbishop Chapelle Criticizes Methods of American
Army Officers in Their Campaign of Occupation
and Opposes the System of Paroling Filipinos*
Special Corresposaenoe of The CalL
ACCUSES HIS BROTHER'S WIFE
OF MURDER AND INCENDIARISM
FAVORS A VIGOROUS
WAR IN PHILIPPINES
THE steamer Iaqua, which left this city yesterday afternoon for San Diego with a cargo of general merchandise, was;wrecked last night on Duxbury Reef, just outside the Golden Gate, and all on board, with the single exception
of Chief Engineer Burrill, who was washed ashore on an overturned boat after being in the water two hours, are believed to have perished. Details are meager, but it is known'that there were between thirty and forty person*
on board the ill-fated vessel at the time of the accident.
The Iaqua sailed from Eureka several days ago for San Pedro and put in he^e yesterday to land some passengers. As soon as that duty had been attended to, Captain Basch put to sea again. How the disaster- occurrea
is of course not known at this writing, but there was a heavy swell on outside the heads last night and it is probable that the unfortunate vessel, drifting too near the reef in the haze that overspread the water, was thrown upon
the rocks bv the swell. She is a total loss.
Chief Engineer Burrill reached the # shore and telephoned to William G. Mugan, representative of Dolbeer & Carson, agents for the vessel in this city, saying the steamer was in distress and asking for assistance. The Red Stack
people were notified and started at once for the scene of the disaster. .
These facts were communicated by Air. Dolbeer early this morning, but he could give no further particulars. Dolbeer owned one 7/ eighth of the vessel and the other seven-eighths were owned by the Humboldt Shingle Man
ufacturing Association, by whom she was loaded. Mr. Dolbeer said the steamer was. on her way to this port, but in this he is N evidently mistaken, as the records of the Merchants' Exchange show that she cleared for San Pedro at 4:30
o'clock yesterday afternoon. \ . •• \ ' • ' •
How the engineer got ashore neither Mr. Dolbeer nor any one else seems to know. Burrill probably was too excited to give details. At 2 o'clock this morning it was reported from Point Reyes that the vessel had gone to
pieces, and as no more boats came ashore the presumption is that the thirty or forty people known to have been on board '¦ were drowned. It is of course possible that the other boats may have landed their passengers at some point
where it was not possible to communicate with the city quickly, -and it is also possible that .'the rescuing tugs may have arriveci on the scene in time to pick them up.
Chief Engineer Burrill Is Washed io Land on an Overturned Boat and Telephones for Assistance,
but the Doomed Vessel Goes Down With Crew and Passengers Before Help Arrives.
Steamer Caught in Fog Outside Golden Gate Is Dashed to Destruction on
the Rocks, but One Out of All on Board Reaching Shore.
IAQUA GOES ON DUXBURY REEF
AND FORTY PERSONS DROWN
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 3fi.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JANUARY 5, 1901.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Social Diioatch to The Call.TO BTTLE XN" SOUTH AFRICA.
Among Appointments Is Milner to
Be Governor of the Transvaal.
""LONDON, Jan. 4.— The following Colo
nial .Office \appolntments were announced
this evening:
Sir Alfred Mllner to be Governor of
the Transvaal and British High Commis
sioner.
Sir Walter Francis Heely-Hutchlnson
(Governor of Natal and Zululand since
1S93), to be Governor of Cape Colony.
Lieutenant- Colonel . Sir Henry Edward
McCallum (Governor of .Newfoundland
since 1898 and aid de camp to the Queen
since 1900L- to'be Governor of Natal.
Major ; Hamilton John Goold-Adarus
(resident Comtalssioner of the Bechuana
land protectorate), to be Lieutenant Gov
ernor 'of >ifce v Orange lliver Colony.
DESIRES i HUGE TNJyKNTNlTY.
Russian Claim for the Damage to the
Manchurian Hallway.
LONDON, Jan. 5. — "Russia," says the
Peking correspondent of the Dally .Mail,
"will ' demand a huge indemnity for tb>
damage to the Manchurian Railway."
COU) SNAP APPEABS
THUOTJGHOTJT ETJROPE
Japan, thirteen dancing girls were seri
ously Injured on December 8. the date of
the last mail advices. At least six of
them were not expected to recover. At
the time of the accident forty Japanese
dancing girls were gathered at Kyoto,
where a festival was in progress. Tho
accident occurred at a rehearsal prior to
the beginning of the regular ceremonies
In the presence of 2000 people. The gal
leries around three sides of the hall and
over the stase were filled with spectators.
As the Japanese dancing .drama wa*
about to begin thirty feet of the gallery
Immediately over the stage collapsed, th.-»
timbers falling upon the dancers and
breaking through the floor of the stage. A
panic ensued, in which a number of per
sons were trampled upon. Thirteen dan
cers were seriously Injured. They were
taken to a hospital at the expense of the
theater management.
SEATTLE. Jan. 4.— By the collapse of
a gallery stage in a theater at Kyoto.
Gallery Stage Collapses In a Japan.es 3
Theater.
DAHQINO GIRLS INJURED.
Snowdrifts Delay Trains and ths
Danube Is Frozen Over at
Bucharest.
LONDON.. Jan. 4.— A cold snap Is ap
pearing throughout Europe. There have
been severe snowstorms In Eastern Gal!
da and Southern Russia, accompanied by
gales. Considerable property has been de
stroyed near Odessa, where the trains are
delayed by snowdrifts. Black Sea vessels
are overdue.
The Danube Is frozen over at Bucharest
and there is skating in North Holland..
SEATTLE, Jan. 4. — The police are
searching for Thomas Campbell, wanted
on a charge of passing bogus, checks. The
total amount of money involved agzrp
gates hundreds of dollars. A young man.
who says he knew Campbell quit© well in
Seattle, claims that Campbell told him
on several occasions that he came her-j
from San Francisco.
Passes Bogus Checks.
HOAR OFFERS
NEW AMENDMENT
General Provision to Be
Embodied in the Army
Bill.
WASHINGTON. Jan. - 4.— Senator Hoar
to-day offered an amendment to the army
bill In the shape of a general provision.
as follows:
"Provided, that no further military
force shall be used In the Phillpplnn
Islands except such as may be necessary
to keep order In places there now actually
under the peaceable control of the Unitel
States and to protect persons or property
to whom. In the judgment of the Presi
dent, protection may be due from the
United States until the President 3hall
have first proclaimed amnesty for all po
litical offenses committed against tne
United States in the Philippines, and. if
in his power, shall have agreed upon an
armistice with persons now in hostility
to the United States and shall have in
vited such number, not less than ten, a:s
he shall think desirable, of the leaders or
representatlves of the persons now hostile
to the United States there to come to zi\e
United States and state their wishes ar.il
the condition, character and wishes of the
people of the Philippine Islands to the
executive and Congress, and shall have
offered to secure to them safe conduct
to come, abide and return and shall have
provided at the public charge for the ex
penses of their transportation both ways
nnd their stay in this country for a rea
sonable and sufficient time for such pur
poses."
that the matter will be amicably ar
ranged, and are working energetically to
this end. Great pressure has been brought
to near on the President and Secretary
of State to Induce the administration tt>
interfere in the interest of one or other
of the companies.
Senator Depew made representations to
the State Department in behalf of the
"Warner syndicate, which claims a share
in the concession held by the New York
and Bermudez Company. Senator For
aker of Ohio accompanied Mr. Warner
yesterday to the State Department and
the White House, but it Is understood he
merely Introduced Mr. Warner to tht
President and Secretary of Stat* and took
no part In the controversy. The Presi
dent informed Mr. Warner that .the ad
ministration could not take sides in the
controversy between his syndicate and th •
New York and Bermudez Company. He
gave the same answer to-day to Genera.
F V. Greene of New York, who called at
the White Houp* in the interest of the
New York and Bermudez Company.
Senator Penrose of Fennsylvania has
been Very active in behalf of the New
York and Bermudez Company, and has
insisted that the United States should de
mand that Its concession be observed.
There is no doubt that the authorities
are of the opinion that the New York and
Bermudea Company has justice on Ms
side.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.-Apprehen
slon is felt in official circles that the con-
troversy which has arisen over the as
phalt lake concessions in Venezuela may
require forcible intervention by the United
States. According to the highest author
ity, the President has no Intention of In
terfering between the rival American
claimants to concessions, but he docs not
intend to permit the Venezuelan Govern
ment to cancel a concession given In good
faith to American citizens and forcibly
dispossess the concessionaries of their
property until a Judicial decision has been
rendered in support, of this action.
Under instructions given to him. Minis
ter Loomis Is urging the Caracas Govern
ment not to attempt to dispossess the
New Tork and Bermudez Company until
the Supreme Court of. Venezuela has
passed upon the pending lawsuits, which
involve the question In dispute, but un
official Information received In Washing
ton indicates that if the Venezuelan Gov
ernment insists that It has the right tn
dispossess, the 'New York and Bermudez
people, most of whom are Americans and
are armed, will resist dispossession.
In case of an armed conflict, the United
States will have to act. and In anticipa
tion of this contingency three warships
were ordered to La Guayra. " >.
The authorities are hopeful, however.
FRENCH MARINES
ATTACK BRITISH
Bluejackets of the Two Na
tions Come to Blows in
Hongkong.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE,. Jan. 4.— Oriental advices re
ceived here to-day give details of a con
flict that occurred at Hongkong on the
night of December 1 between British blue
jackets and marines and a body of French
sailors. During the day the latter amused
themselves by marching In a body
through the streets of the town, headed
by one man bearing the tricolor and an
other playing an accordeon. At first they
conducted themselves quietly enough, but
later on they grew rather noisy. March
ins in a body to an establishment in Ship
street, where a number of British sailors
were collected, the Frenchmen attempted
to clear the whole place, but found the
task beyond their weight, and were them
selves driven out.
Determined on having revenge, they
gathered reinforcements and returned to
the scene of the encounter. During their
absence, however, the Englishmen had
had their numbers swelled by the arrival
of a crowd of bluejackets and marines,
who had learned of what was going on
and had hurried to the scene. Speaking
of what followed, the Shanghai Daily
Press says: .
"The reception accorded the Frenchmen
may be better imagined than -described,
as the phrase goes. Suffice It to say that
the sprinting exhibition they gave up
Queens Road Central was a revelation In
what men can do when they are put to
it."
• ¦ •i ¦
SOLD MTLITABY MAPS.
Japanese Banker and an Army Of
'fleer Placed Under Arrest.
SEATTLE. Jan. 4.— On November 23 an
official of. the Jingo Bank of Japan named
Ichlioka Bents, aged 37, living in Ushl
gome, Tbkio, was arrested on the charge
of dlvulgence of a military secret. Later
Lieutenant Nlltnura Toshlyuka, belonging
to the Tokio army division, who is a reia
tive of Ichlioka. was arrested also by the
gendarmie in connection with the .affair.
The Japan Gazette reports that some
time ago the officer loaned certain maps
drawn by him to his relatives. The maps,
paesing through several hands, have been
sold to a foreigner in Yokohama.
The public procurators of the Tokyo
Chlho Saibansho have made a domiciliary
visit to the house of Lieutenant Nilmura
and seized several maps and documents.
AMERICA MAY FORCIBLY
INTERVENE IN VENEZUELA
Will Not Permit the Ejectment of Americans From
Asphalt Lake Concessions.
Attar of roses pells at $100 aa OQttCe
which Is exactly five times tl:a T&lue of
gold. &£m£gBifB&t
Information.
SEATTLE, Jan. 4.— In spite of every
rfTort of the imperial officers to extort a
confession from the reformer Tee Ung.
according to Oriental advices, he has re
fused to divulge any of the secrets con
cerning the work In which he Is Impli
cated. He is still confined in prison, and
tnough frequently put to torture has
failed to give up any information. Incrim
inating documents were found on Y^e
I'npr's person and also In his house, but
he refuses to offer any explanation.
KEEPS SILENT TJNDEB TOKTTJRE.
v
EeformerYee Ung Refuses to Divulge
Women use seventeen times as many
erloves as men. '
CHOATE SOXTNT>S I»ANS3X)WNE.
LONTX)N. Jan. A.— United States Ein
bassador Choate presented the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty amendment to the Sec
retary of State for Foreign Affairs, the
Marquis of Lansdowne, to-day.
No discussion - occurred j and the ; nature
of Lord Lansdowne's answer is not indi
cated. Mr. Choate simply notified the
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs
that be had sent him a document for
warded by the State Department. An an
swer probably will not be sent until the
Cabinet discusses the matter fully.
The interview between Mr. Choate and
Lord Lansdowne was chiefly devoted to
expression of the latter's view on China's
answer to the demands of the powers.
It is understood that Secretary Hay de
sired to know what Great Britain thought
of those points which China in her answer
said the was unable to fulfill at present.
No difference of opinion appears to exist
between Secretary Hay and Lord-Lans
downe. : . .. -•
TSI AIT SEEKS SECXTJSION.
Empress Dowager Decides Not to He
turn to Peking.
SEATTLE, Jan. 4.— Th© Empress Dow
ager Tsi An Is determined not to 'return
to Peking, but to tak© up; residence In a
more secluded portion of the Chinas© em
pire, according to mail advices received
here. The Universal Gazette, In a recent
issue, • Btates that < the Empress Dowajrer
has ordered a certain Viceroy to select
for, her a new place of residence, some
what ¦ remote from the capital. ¦- Viceroy
ICwel' of Szechuen Is said to ba the
emissary, although this statement is not
confirmed.
The i Empress believes that it will not
be advisable for her to accompany the
Emperor in case h« decides to return to
Peking, realizing that her presence at the
capital would be welcome neither to the
ruler nor the representatives of the pow
ers. Neither does she desire to remain at
Slngan-iu, but will seek retirement, tem
porarily.at any rate.'. , , ; -¦¦ ,- >•
A. letter from Singan, published by the
Sin j Wen > Pao, ; states that the . health of
the Emperor is excellent and he is taking
a very lively > Interest In the progress of
n fralrs In ; the ; empire, . hoping for^ the res
:toratlon of peaceful conditions and look
ing forward to, the building up of the em
pire- along more - progressive lines. He
takes a hand In all matters discussed by
his ministers and. has gained 'the respect
of all by the wisdom of his: utterances.
Tries to Discover Britain's Peeling
Begarding China. r -
nothing in the printed regulations which
would warrant the assumption that Rus
sia is not acting in perfect good faith in
this matter. To clear up any doubt that
may remain on this point, however, it is
probable that an explicit official declara
tion from Ruasia will be invited on thlb
point.
TRIBUTE TO BRAVE AMERICANS
Lord Lansdowne Praises tho Acts of
Game well and Squires.
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.— The British
Ambassador has communicated to the Sec
retary of State a dispatch recently received
by him from the Marquis of Lansdowne
commending the gallant conduct of cer
tain Americans who distinguished them
selves last summer during the attacks on
the legation quarter In Peking. The text
of the dispatch follows: •¦ -
"My Lord:- "With reference to my- pre
ceding dispatch of this day's date, I have
to lnffrm you that Sir C. Macdonald has
brought to my notice the conduct of cer
tain Americans who particularly distin
guished themselves during the attacks on
the legation quarter and who gave valu
able • assistance, both to . him personally
and to the defense in general.
"Sir Claude mentions the names of the
Rev. P. r>. ¦ Gamewell of the American
Methodist mission and Herbert Squiers,
secretary of the United States legation.
He states that the Rev. F..D. Gamewell
carried out tha entire defenses of the
British legation, and that these defenses
have excited the admiration of the officers
of various ¦ nationalities who have since
inspected them. , ,
"As a tribute to their excellence he
mentions that notwithstanding a constant
rain of rifle fire during the five weeks of
the siege not a single woman or child in
the legation suffered. He adds that a deep
debt of gratitude is owed ' to ; him by • all
the besieged. ¦ . '
"Herbert Squiers acted in the capacity
of Sir Claude's chief of staff after the
death of. Captain Strouta of the Royal
Marines. Sir Claude, says that histearlier
services In the United States army were
of great use in'thf Oofense, and that he
cannot speak too highly of his zeal and
ability.
"The barricades on the Tartar wall were
devised and carried out by him, and under
Sir Claude's • directions ¦ he : drew the plan
for the -entry of the .troops, which was
conveyed to General Gaselee by, a messen
ger let. down from -the wall.V-.-s
"I request that you will bring the names
of these two gentlemen 1 to the favorable
notice : of : the United States Government,
and express the appreciation felt - by her
Majesty's Government of their eminent
services. I am, etc.. LANSDQWNE." .
.•¦¦•.-¦• .- ¦ .••'¦•¦-. - --
CONCERNING VON WALDEHSEE.
the Count's' Death.
BERLIN, Jan. i\— With'rcf crcn'ce to the
German Government Not Informed, of
¦ .-¦:-•¦, i ¦ - • 'y
would be made, but declined to state that
he had any In view. ¦ .
"It ,, will be plenty of time to talk of
changes when a cause for change arises,"
he said. "I dislike this jumping. at" con
clusions and stirring up employes of a cor
poration with wild-cat stories of sweeping
removals." • ¦ -
He also refused to confirm the report
that W. A. McGuigan of the Grand
Trunk would come to the Southern Pa
cific. , .
"When the time comes, for changes I
will mjCke official announcements. I can
say nothing further on the subject."
The special train bearing the railroad
party arrived in Los Angeles at 5:30
o'clock this morning, several hours ahead
of time. - In the party were President
Hays and 1 wife and four daughters. Mrs.
Hays* sister. Third Vice President Stubbs
and two daughters. General Manager
Kruttschnitt, R. H. Ingram, secretary to
Mr. Hays, and William Martin, secretary
to Mr. Stubbs. They were joined at this
point by Vice President H. E. Hunting
ton, Chief Engineer William Hood and
Superintendent Frazer, who came from
San Francisco on Thursday on the first
tram run over the coast road." The entire
party departed for San Francisco at 10
o'clock in the morning. • .
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 4.— The South
ern Pacific party spent an hour in Santa
Barbara this afternoon. The train was
met by President Maulsby and other
members of the Chamber. of Commerce.
Mayor Storke and leading citizens. Dur
ing the stop the ladies of the party took
carriages and were driven about the city.
Both Messrs. Hays and Huntington talked
freely of the new work and future plans.
Mr. Huntington tsatd the-, freight yards,
where tracks are now being laid, wpuld be
enlarged and equipped. A roundhouse
would be built and this place made a divi
sion station and terminaJ. Asked as
the time, he said, that the track could
hardly be ready for running service this
month. Work all along theJlne would be
hurried. All of. the officials agreed that
the new road Is perfectly-built. Mr. Hays
will revisit this section In the near fu
ture. V-'tsK":
PRESIDENT CM. HAYS OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC. WHO IS NEAH
ING SAN FRANCISCO ON A SPECIAL TRAIN, ESCORTED BY THE
SUBORDINATE OFFICIALS OF HIS COMPANY. .
ST. PAUL. Jan. 4.— While no confirma
tion could be obtained here from an
euthoritative source of the reported com
bination of the Northern Pacific, the
Great Northern and the Chicago, Mil
rva^kee and St. Paul, it is the general be
lief in well informed railway circles that
the- deal, if not already accomplished in
fact, is in process cf consummation.
Pre?i<!ent James J. Hill of the Great
Northern wag naturally disinclined to talk
¦upon the subject for publication, but- in
the course of an interview he had this to
"I have made no loan in Montreal. Does
it not .ftand .to reason that if I needed
money I can get it without going to Can
ada? No deal by which we get control of
any WePtem line has yet been consum
mated. I will fay, however, that some of
th<= Wg lines hope, by getting together, to
r&('>\irt> working rxprnpos. Any movement
:">w on foot by tho railroads is simply for
the purpose of economizing."
Mr. Hill does not state that there Is no
deal under way. The announcement was
GIRL BATTLES
WITH RUFFIAN
Is So Seriously Injured Phy
sicians Say She Cannot
Recover.
MARIETTA. Ohio, Jan. 4.— At Hack
ney. Morgan County, to-night Mise Nellie
Morris, aged 1?. handsome and accom
plished, was brutally assaulted. Miss
Morris was returning home from the
postoffice by way of a path through the
fields and was accosted by Walter A.
Wfinstock, a young man aged IS years,
•who lived near her home. He made in
decent proposals to her and she Imme
diately started to run. He seized her and
threw her to the ground. She screamed
and fought hard, finally getting to her
feet. Woinstock drew a razor from his
pocket and cut her across the neck, sever
ing the neck muscles and laying bare the
jjug-ular vein. Miss Morris grasped the
razor and her hands were cut in her mad
puempts to save herself from her assail
ant. Her fingers were cut off and her
wrist badly cut, as well as her entire
ri^ht arm, and her left arm was badly
disfigured. Her dress was torn from her
in shreds and when people arrived she
v-a* almost naked.
Physicians say the young woman /ran
not live many houi-3 and late to-nlgrht it
•was reported that she was dead. She was
the daughter of Benjamin Morris, a busi
ness man of this city, and was prominent
in society In this city and Parkereburg.
Weinstock was seized by a crowd of
men, who bound him with ropes, hand
&nd foot and removed him to a building,
¦where more than 1500 men watched over
him. A telephone message was sent to
McConnellFville for officers to come and
*r<?t him. but the people were getting
ready to Ptart for Marietta at 10 o'clock
to-night with their man tyid place him in
Jail. There is talk of lynching him.
¦Weinstock recently returned from the
reformatory, where he served -a term for
attempting to kill his father, Jacob Wein-
Ftock, a rich farmer of Morgan County.
He is a young man of powerful build.
made semi-offlcially to-day, and the in
formation did not come from a New York
source, that the big deal by which the
Hill-Morgan-Rockefeller Interests were to
secure control of the Northern Pacific and
St. Paul roads is practically consum
mated and that inside of a month the
systems will be In effect one.
About three weeks ago. so the Ptory
goes. President Hill obtained a loan from
Canadian capitalists of J2S.O0O.O0O, and it is
added that muoh of 'this money went for
the purchase of Northern Pacific and St.
Paul shares. In the vaults of the Great
Northern treasury, it is stated, repose
the deposit Flips showing that this im
mens=p sum was"~-placed to the credit of
President Hill in the Chemical National
Bank of New York City. The depositors
were, it is asserted. Sir William Van
Home, president of the Canadian Pacific:
R. B. Anerup. the multi-millionaire and
director .of the Bank of Montreal, and
Lord Mount Stephen of Montreal.
President Hill will leave for New York
next week, and it is stated that the sole
object of his visit is to put the finishing
touches upon the most gigantic, railroad
deal in recent years.
MARQUIS OF AVA
A HEAVY LOSER
LONDON, Jan. 5.— The Marquis of Duf
ferin and Ava spent a long time yester
day at the offices of the Ixmdon and
Globe Finance Corporation, limited. It is
rumored that he is a heavy personal loser
by the difficulties, but that Whltaker
Wright quite recently loaned £30,000 to
the company and is its largest creditor.
All kinds of rumors are current as to
deals to enable the company to pay a
dividend, but the Times In its financial
article says:
"We are able to deny that either the
Yerkes Group or th© London and South
western Railway Company has purchased
the Baker-street line, although we are
not able to say whether a sale has actu
ally occurred.
Both the Times and the Dally Telegraph
advise the London and Globe sharehold
ers to insist upon a compulsory winding
up of the company's affairs.
The sensational fluctuations in Ameri
cans on the Stock Exchange yesterday
are believed to be partly due to the vary
ing rumors about the London and Globe
crisis, but chiefly to the influence of Wall
street dealings. Fears of a further rise in
the Bank of England rate had also some
thing to do with the decline, but there
was a better feeling after the closing, due
to the phenomenal rise in Chicago, Mil
waukee and St. Paul, which went as high
as ten points above the lowest quotation
of the day.
The Financial Times considers the
American shake-out to be the outcome of
the 5 per cent bank rate and esks what
would happen if anything . untoward oc
curred in New York. It declares that
"American trusts and bankers are heav
ily committed for a rise which already
reaches, a dangerous point, at which the
London market ought .to apply common
sense."
LABOR TROUBLES MAY
CAUSE A COAX FAMINE
Mines in Colorado "Unable to Fill
. Orders and a Strike Is Threat -
ened in New Mexico.
DENVER, Jan. 4.— Reports from Chey
enne, Wyo,, on the north, to Gallup, N.
M., on the south, state that there is a
prospect. of a coal- famine owing , to the
labor difficulties. . All the mines in North
ern Colorado are closed down and the sup
ply of lignite is entirely cut off. In South
ern Colorado, where the bituminous mines
are situated, the operators say .'they are
behind In orders from Nebraska and
JCansas and cannot do anything : to
ameliorate the conditions in Denver.
To aggravate the trouble the miners of
the Colorado Fuel. and Iron Company at
Gallup, N.-.M.. threaten to strike In order
to force tho company to recognize their
union and increase wages.
Interested in the London
/ and Globe Finance
Corporation.
Charles M. Hays Declares a Railroad Can Subserve the
Interests of the People Who Are Its Patrons and at the
Same Time Prove to Be a Money-Making Proposition
Special Dispatch to The Call.
report that Count von Wafdersee has been
killed by an officer, of the allied troops, It
is seml-bfflcially . declared that a rumor
to that effect has been current for a week
past, but the Government has no corro-b
oratlon of it. Count von Waldersee re
viewed tho British. soldiers January L.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— The State De
partment Is making a strong effort to se
cure an. understanding among the pow
ers to serve as a basis for the adjustment
of the question of indemnity 'to be paid
by the Chinese Government. It appears
from Mr. Conger's reports that it is hope
less to expect the foreign Ministers at
Peking to reach an agreement on this im
portant point, and if the problem Is to be
solved at all it must be removed from the
Peking council and dealt with by direct
diplomatic exchange, as was successfully
attempted in the case of the preceding se
rious differences between the Ministers.
Therefore the State Department is in
correspondence with other- foreign- offices
respecting this subject, though the nego-/,
tiatlons have not proceeded . to a point
where it can be said that a successful ter
mination is in sight. The principal differ
ence in the way is believed to be the enor
mous Indemnities demanded by some of
tho powers. The efforts of • the Chinese
Government to secure better terms, so far
as they tend to protract the negotiations
are also expected to have the result of
adding considerably to the sum total
which must be paid in the end. This is
because the expenses of maintaining the
foreign military establishments in China
probably will be assessed against the Chi
nese Government, and the cost of keeping
foreign troops in Peking at this season of
the year, and In a country where every
necessity of life has to be transported
from a distance, will make the bill very
heavy. It is believed that the bill of Ger
many will be by far the largest, and it is
a significant fact that the German Gov
ernment has allowed its officers on service
in China five-fold their regular: salaries,
a rate of pay hitherto unknown in mili
tary history. - The Chinese, however, are
expected to pay for this.
The attitude of Russia in Manchuria has
given rise to considerable apprehension
here. As Indicated in recent news dis
patches, a series of regulations has been
promulgated by the Russian Government
for the administration of affairs In China,
•which would seem to the officials here to
•warrant an apprehension that a per
manent occupation of that territory.' with
Its population of 20,000,000, is contemplated.
It is believed that. some .representations
either have been or will" be; made on this)
subject to the powers. - When the Russian
Government announced, its intention- to
withdraw Its troops from Peking it also
solemnly declared that "as soon as lasting
order shall have been established, in Man
churia and I indispensable measures taken
for the protection of every construction
which, according, to formal -< agreement,
China assured,' Russia will not fail to
withdraw her troops from these 'territo
ries of the neighboring empire.- provided
the action of the powers does not place
any obstacle in tho way of such *a meas
ure.'.' -. ; ;, \. :.. >y; .'-, :. ¦, ¦ : / v
The contention of the" Russian repre
sentatives here Is that : the conditions laid
down-In; this pledge -have' not yet :been
realized, and they insist that" there ia v
NEW PRESIDENT OF THE SOUTHERN
PACIFIC SAYS HIS POUCY WILL
BE TO DEAL FAIRLY WITH ALL
CALLING FOR VOLUNTEERS
TO GUARD THE RAND MINES
John E. Milholland.'who bore an invita
tion from prominent New Yorkers to. Mr.
Kruger to visit America. While In Paris
they will see the leaders of the arbitra
tion movement in Europe and decide defi
nitely on plans. Mr. Stead said:
"The time has come for President Kru
ger to play his trump card and boldly de
clare his intention to visit President Me-
Klnley in order to plead with him the
cause of the independence of the South
African republics. Mr. Kruger is looked
at askance in Germany and Austria be
cause he is the President of a republic,
but he thinks this will not be regarded as
a disqualification for his reception by the
President of the greatest republic In the
world.
"He does not believe the American Gov
ernment is indifferent to the war the
Boers are waging against the British
monarchv. If ho goes to America he will
go as a President to visit a President. He
will probably arrive in Now York in the
middle of February. The state of his
health is not regarded as likely to 'deter
him from crossing the Atlantic. He had
believed the voyage would take a fort
nlght, and is. much plea-sod to hear lie
could make it In seven days.
"His movements somewhat depend uron
the health of the Czar, who is now quite
well and had intended to return to St.
Petersburg on January 23. but the influ
enza has broken out on the Nova, and it
is a dangrrous malady for those just re
covering from typhoid. Thp Czar will
probably go to Tsarskoe Selo. If- Presi
dent Krugor wont to Russia he would
hare a superb recepilon, and at every sta
tion in Germany between the Dutch and
Russian frontiers he would receive ova
tions."
• i • : v • ..
TWO RUSSIANS ARE KILLED.
Intends to Plead the Boer Cause With
President McKinley.
L.ONDON. Jan. 4.— It is almost certainly
decUcd that Mr. Kxuper will go to Amer
ica in Februarv. probably accompanied by
W. T. Str ad, \ho will make a ringing
campaign in behalf of stopping the war.
A coiresronder.t paw Mr. Stead J-Jst be
fore be left for Paris in company with
Commandants Petrowsk and Duplocy
Meet Death at Utrecht.
CAPE TOWN. Jan. 4.— Two hundred
Boers have recropsed the Orange River,
going north. The Russian Commandants
Petrowsk and Duplocy were killed in the
fighting at Utrecht An December 23.
A quantity of ammunition has been cap
tured from pympathizers with the Boer
invaders in the neighborhood of Kraal.
MOST GIGANTIC RAILWAY
DEAL OF RECENT YEARS
LONDON, Jan. 5.— Earl Roberts of Kan
dahar and Pretoria is already Immersed
In his arduous new duties at the War
Office. He will take no holiday.
There is no further news from Lord
Kitchener, who, according to a Cape
Town dispatch, is calling for 5000 men to
puard the Rand mines. Enlisting In Capo
Colony continues active and 500 men will
leave Cape Town for the north within the
next few days.
Information regarding the Invasion Is
scant. Colonel William* attacked the
eastern invaders January 1 near Middle
burg, but failed to dislodge them. He
has since been joined by Lieutenant Coi
cnel Grenfel and the Boers have retired.
Advices from Maseru. Basutoland. dated
yesterday, say that three separate col
umns are Ptill purs-alng General Dewet.
V>ut with no success lieyond taking twen
ty-right prisoners. Cannon firing is con
tinuously heard.
General Brabant has arrived at Graaf
Rfinet. All the English have deserted
Kisksburg. Making: their stocks of grain
scram the border, and the Boers have
looted the town.
According to the Dally Mall's corre
spondent at Th<» Hague the directorate of
The Netherlands South African -Railway
has appli<:<1 to the Amsterdam courts for
si susper.Finn of payments.
The Chronicle advjr-os that favorable at
teminn Fhould be eiven to a movement
icpnj-ted by its Montreal correspondent to
Induce Sir Wilfrid l.aurier. the Dominion
Premier, provided 'ho Colonial Ofllce con-
Fents. to proceed to South Africa as a
commissioner empowered to intervene
with a view to the restoration of peace.
KRUGEB TO VISIT AMERICA.
While Kitchener Is Enlisting Loyalists Three Sep
.arate British Columns Still Pursue Gen. Dewet.
Reported Combination of the Northern Pacific,
Great Northern and Chicago, Milwaukee
and St. Paul Lines.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 5, 1901.
2
tt OS ANGELES, Jan. 4— "How
1 1 will I run the Southern Pacific
I l>r Railroad — as a railroad or a
political machine P As a busi
ness proposition, most assuredly. Tho
road will cater to ths people first, last
and all the time, and no discrimina
tion will ba shown; but I shall never,
forget that- my first duty is to the
stockholders of the railroad. A rail
road can 'subserve 'ths interests of the
people and at the same time be a
money-making proposition. These
two things I shall- endeavor to do as
long as I continue as president of the
Southern Pacific." r v ;
Thoso were the words of- Charles M.
Hays..' the' newly' elected president of Uio
Southern ' Pacific Railroad system, xvhr,
passed' through I*os Angeles this morning.
He is on his way to San Francisco to
take up the rpins of office.
A broad-shouldered man of medium
height, about 50 years cf age, with clear,
gray eyes, square, firm jaw covered-by
a heavy brown beard— such a man in ap
pearance, is Mr. Havs. He has a low
pitched, clear voice and an' easy manner
in conversation, but underlying it all la
the forceful, determined air of a man who
is born to command. He. is' a self-made
man, one who has forced himself up to
the eminence he now occupies by work
hard work and plenty of it. This doed
not appear in his conduct towar.l
strangers— quite the reverse. He Is ready
and willing to listen patiently and attent
ively to the words uf any person with
whom he is in conversation. In answering
questions he arrives at the subject at pnee
and his replies are in few words and to
the point.
Mr. Hays was guarded in his replies to
questions without being evasive. He wa.i
giving up time to an interview which
could have been spent in other ways to
excellent advantage, vet he never gave
any sign that he wished the conversation
brought to a close. Vice President Stubbs
and General Manager Kruttschnitt weru
standing a few feet away in the gardens
of the Arcade depot. They manifested
their impatience in several ways anl
finally Mr. Stubbs interposed the remark
that the time for departure was drawing
near, but Mr. Hays quietly replied that
he wanted to know and be near the people
of California and as his first introduction
was through the newspapers he was glad
to give his time to the newspaper men. :
"Los Angeles merchants think they
have been discriminated against In the
matter of freight rates to certain points,"
he continued. "What will I do with the
case? Well, really, that is a . difficult
question to answer, but you may say to
the people of this city that it is my in
tention to treat all the Interests of the
city with fairness.
"The interests of the people and
the interests of the railroad are iden
tical at all times. "If the people ara
prosperous," the railroad will be pros
perous. This statement applies not
only to Los Angeles but to the State
of California at large. It is some
what difficult to please all of the peo
ple all the time, but my policy is to
do this as nearly as possible."
"Will we "build a branch line to San
Diego? I can answer that best by ask
ing another question. Is there anything
In. San Diego which warrants building an
other railroad to that point?" '
Before answering a question In regard
to the Galveston terminals, Mr. Hays
warily asked if that port was considered
competitive with San Pedro. - On being
assured to the contrary, he smiled and
replied that the work was being pushed
with all possible dispatch.
"One can never be too cautious In mak
ing- statements where sectional jealousies
exist." continued Mr. Hays., "There were
five lake ports on the railway with which
I have just severed my connection and
every one of the five felt that it was en
titled to special privileges. My way out
of the matter was to supply enough busi
ness for them all."
In regard to rumored changes, In of
ficials, Mr. Hays rather dodged the issue.
He refused to confirm the report from
Galveston, which stated that no changes
POWERS ROLLING UP A HEAVY BILL
FOR THE CHINESE EMPIRE TO PAY
Ministers at Peking Not Able to Adjust the Question of Indemnity and Foreign
Governments Must Negotiate Direct;
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative BroraQ-Qulnlne Tablets. •
No other soap in
the world is used so
much; or so little of
it goes so far.
All sorts of people ose PeaiV soap, au «ortt
•tf stores sell it, especially druggists.
Chicago Hygienic Expert Pro-
pounds a New and Start-
ling Theory.
(Special to the New Tork World.)
Chicago, Dec 2.— Dr. Albert H. Hoy.
after years of patient research, says ex-
ercise is positively unhealthful for men
past thirty-five years- of age. Dr. Hoy
has published a book on ''Eating and
Drinking" which Is praised by the pro-
fession. Helsa specialist In hygiene.
"I say that exercise for the business
man ', or men past middle age is detri-
mental. I exclude the young man and
the laborer. Every action, whether of the
brain or of the muscles, destroys cells,
uses up tissue and creates waste matter
to be taken up by the blood and to be
eliminated from the system.
"Now. unless such waste Is eliminated
It becomes so much poison In the system.
The great eliminating machine of the
human body is the kidneys. Unless the
kidneys do their work the system is sat-
urated with poison. -
Senator. Davis a Case in Point.
"For Instance, there is the sad case of
Senator Davis. His toe was poisoned by
his stocking and refused to heal. Kidney
complaint developed, or rather the kid-
neys for a long time had not done their
full work, and the system was so poisoned
that the toe became gangrened.
"The kidneys work easily during youth
— up, say. to 85 years of age. But after
60 they become slightly atrophied: they
shrink a little. This is not disease, but
a simple effect of age. Consequently, as
a man advances In years he should ask
his kidneys. to perform a little less work.
Instead of a little more.
"But, suppose a. man of business not
only, uses his brain during business hours,
but also puts a strain on his muscles
afterward. There is waste then to be
carried riff, mental wast« < and physical
waste, the , broken-down brain .cells and
those of, the muscles likewise.- Thus the
kidneys are forced to do. double duty, to
eliminate poisons resulting from two sorts
of action. .
~ "A business man should get aU the ex-
ercise he needs from the requirements of
his business. A long walk only further
calls upon his reserve. Violent golf or
tennis only puts a greater strain upon h!s
system. If he says ha needs fresh air.
oxygen, he can get It In his office. If the
latter be properly ventilated. He doesn't
need to exercise to breathe fresh air.
Rockefeller Cited.
"John D. Rockefeller drives a fast •
horse. That gives him air, but It doesn't \
give him exercise. Joseph Chamberla n -'
takes no exercise except what he get*
from stepping from his office to his car-
riage. He Is never sick. Senator William
M. Eyarts Is i a very old man. He never
exercised. That is his boast
"But business men say. 'But I need ex-
• er f ls 2^ X do not feel w « n unless I have
It. That means generally that they eat
too much. Tou can poison your system
by eating too much, putting into yourself
raw* _ than* the kidneys can eliminate.
Now Chamberlain, who takes no exercise.
I have no doubt is a light eater."
What We Have Always Said.
TVe are pleased to note that scientists of
"Potation are coming to share the views
held by the proprietors of "Warner's Saf»
Cure for the past twenty years, vise: That
the kidneys ara the great eliminating or-
gans of the system. Nature made them
so and man never has nor can Improve
on nature. If the poisons of the system
are driven out as nature Intended, health
Is assured, but If these great organs are
overworked, sick, and breaking down al-
lowing the poisonous waste-matter to bo
retained In the system, ill health is cer-
tain and unless help Is given death will
The sensible course to pursue is to t>u*
tho kidneys In good working order by th«
use of Warners Safe Cure-a vegetable
specific for nil kidney disorders; a cur^
that has been put to th« severest test^
In all parts of the civilized world ant
never failed of doing all that waa claimed
It is not physical exercise men and
women want, but that the great organs "f
the system exercise their natural func-
tions and Warner's Safe Cure is the aM
J^ d h d JPti? Ut i h ? m and ke , e P them In per-
tmedTwrn £ £?t 'toTny one^pfyf^
TocnlTcl N? j?™?'* *"«-Ci5ra!:
MEN OVER )5 YEARS OLD
DON'T NEED EXERCISE
WARNER'S SAFE REMEDIES.
A great two-step by Eduard
Strauss, the ¦ waltz king, will
be given free with next Sun-
day's Call. This is a gem— do
not fail to get it.River Steamers Seek Cover
During Thursday's Storm.
Revenue Cutters in Trouble
TAMALPAIS TAVERN. WHICH WAS UNROOFED BY THE WIND DURING THE STORM OF THURSDAY NIGHT.
THE TAVERN STANDS AT THE SUMMIT OF MOUNT TAMALPAIS AND IS WELL KNOWN TO CALIFOR
NIANS AND. VISITING SIGHTSKERS.
CARL DORGELOH. THE NEWSPAPER CARRIER, WHO WAS KILLED
YESTERDAY BY COMING IN CONTACT WITH A LIVE ELECTRIC
"WIRE THROWN DOWN BY THE STORM.
.NEWPORT,. Or.; Jan. 4.— The schooner
/w hlch . was ' reported i ashore,', bottom up,'
six , miles south of : Alsea Bay, is ; the Jo
seph i and Henry, from San ; Francisco'
There Is nothing ! In ; the hold. Men who
came from scene this ' afternoon
report 1, another- three-masted ¦ schooner
ashore, waterlogged, ;' a few yards below
the Joseph and Henry. : It Is thought by
some. to be wreckage from the Joseph and
Henry." but ."that? is: considered unlikely
The llfe-savlnsr crew has 'gone to thi
TWO SCHOONERS ASHORE.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 4.— Coroner Hol
land went up to Mount Markham, Just
east of Mount Lowe, this morning to hold
an Inquest over the headless human body
found there. '-,.• No trace of the missing
skull was found, though a careful search
was made. . Near by, however, a razor
was found, and it' was determined by the
Jury that It was a case of suicide, the
disappearance of the head being ac
counted for on the theory that it had been
carried- away by wild beasts. The.bones
were buried > on , the , top of the mountain
an undertaker, having been taken up from
Pasadena for the ' purpose. The ' Coroner
obtained pieces of the various articles of
clothing,, one of the 'shoes, the cuff but
tons; and other articles to aid in identifi
cation of : the remains. .
¦•--:'¦ •••,* . ,»
Inquest Over Headless Body Found
on Mount Markham.'
PROBABLY A SUICIDE.
ALAMEDA. Jan. A.— By the falling of a
tank and windmill during the height, of
the storm last night a house on the prop
erty of Mrs..J, J. Dunleavy, corner Ninth
street and Encinal avenue, was destroyed
and the grounds and surrounding places
were Inundated. The house was occupied
by a Mexican couple, who got out of It
Just in time to save themselves from being
killed cr seriously Injured by the flying
debris.
It was about 7 o'clock, when the wind
wa3 blowing fiercest, that the tank came
down with a crash. It. was a rickety
affair and had been bwaying ominously
all day. The tank had been filled to over
flowing by the recent rains. The noise of
the falling timbers startled the entire
neighborhood. When the people rushed
out of their houses to see what was tha
matter they found. that the Dunleavy cot
tage had been demolished. It was flat
tened on the ground. One or two up
rights of the windmill left standing bore
evidence to what hatl happened.
Some fears were expressed among the
spectators ' that the occupants of tlic
dwelling had been caught In the wreck
age and killed. But later they were found
among the spectators of the wreck' and
were given shelter for the night. All their
effects were destroyed.
Th< water from the wrecked tank root
ed., out a couple of trees and a lot of
shrubbery on the Dunleavy property. The
Dunleavys have a saloon on the corner
and the floor of this was flooded. The
yards of eeveral other residents "In the
vicinity were • also flooded, though no
£reat damage was June to them.
FALLING TANK
DESTK0YS HOUSE
Fish Commissioners' steamer Albatross
Thursday night. All three vessels were at
Sau?allto and many of the officers and
crew had shore* leave. In fact so many
men were away frum the vessels that all
were short handed. Ju>U about the time
the last launch was to leave for the cut
ters the gale came down In all Its fury.
The officers on shore would not let the
launches leave the shore, and in spit© of
all the signals sent up by the laboring
Government vessels In the stream, not a
man went aboard. No launch could have
lived In the gale that was blowing and It
would have been certain death to have
ventured out. * •
The officers left aboard the McCulloch,
Manning and Albatross turned to and
helped the sailors. Extra anchors were
let out and everything was made snugr
and Uncle Sam's boats rode out the gale
In safety. ,
NEWS OF THE OCEAN".
Matters of Interest to Hariners wnd
Shipping' Merchants.
The Saint Anne loads wheat for Europe, 17a
6d. chartered prior to arrival.
Canned Goods for Europe.
The British ship Riverside ¦ cleared yester
day for Liverpool with 41.216 cs canned fruit.
31. £33 cs canned salmon. 6IS4 ctis wheat and
DCOO ft lumber as dunnage. The cargo wai
valued at {256, $62.
An Additional Manifest
An additional manifest has been reported
at the Custom House for the Alameda. which
sailed Thursday for Sydney, consisting of the
following:
For Australia— 2 cs dry goods. 14 cs shoe*.
1 roll leather, S bbls glassware. Value, (1342.
For New Zealand— « cr bicycles, 2 pkffs ma
chinery. 10 cs paper, 24 bbls beer. Value, IIZJ4.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday. January i.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson. 56 hours from Cleone;
bound to San Pedro; put In on account of los
inz deck lead.
Stmr Scotia. Walviy. 38 hours from Redondo.
Stmr Santa, Ana, Strand. 23 hoars from. Eu
reka.
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart, 33 hours from Eu
reka: bound south; put in to land passengers.
Stmr Eureka. Je«sen. 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr American. McDonald. 86 days from New
York. via. Coronel 21 davs.
Stmr Roanoke, Weaver, 74 hoars from Se
attle.
Stmr laqua. Bash, 2S hours from Eureka;
bound south; put In to land passengers.
CLEARED.
Friday. January 4.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diejo;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork. McLellan. Eureka: Charles
Nelson.
Br «h!» Riverside, McCully. Liverpool; Bal
four, Gutarie & Co.
• SAILED.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 4, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind NE« velocity IS miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Friday. January 4.
Stmr laqua. Bash. San Pedro.
Stmr 'Grace Dollar, Fosen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alameda. Herriman. Sydney and Hono
lulu.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro.
Scbr Mary C, Campbell, Fort Rom.
SPOKEN. •""•
Not 27. lat 1 S. Ion 28 W— Br ship Black
braes, hence July 23. for Queenstown.
TELEGRAPHIC.
GRAYS HARDOR— Sailed Jan 4— Scar Saa
Buenaventura, for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 21— Ship Wm H
Macy. from Sydney.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 4— Schr Emma Utter,
from San Pedro.
Balled Jan 4— Schrs Ivy and Gem. for Saa
Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Robert Dol
lar, hence Dec 30.
Sailed Jan 3— stmr Bertha, for Valdez; stmr
Farallon. for Skanlay.
SAN PEDRO-Sailed Jan 3-Stmr Sequoia,
with stmr Alice- Blanchard In tow, for San
Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Jan 4— Br stmr Cblnc Wo.
for St Vincent. Jan 3— Stmr South Portland,
for San Francisco.
TACOMA-Salled Jan 4-Schr Ludlow. for
San Pedro.'
ABERDEEN. Wa*h— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr W
H KniR-er. hence Jan 1.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Sailed Jan 4-Stmr
Greenwood, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Arrived Jan 2— Stmr Advance, from
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 3— Br ihlp M E
Watson, hence Aug 9, and sailed for Ipswitch.
ROCHES POINT-Passed Jan *-Br «chr
Rimac. from Tacoma, for Liverpool.
KINSALE— Passed Jan 3— Br ship Black
braes, hence July 23. for Queenstown.
LONDON— Arrived Jan 4— Br ship Brrnhllda,
from Tacoma.
AUCKLAND— Arrived prior to Jan 4— Stmr
Sierra, hence Dec 13.
PORT PIRIE— Arrived prior to Jan 4— Ship
Star of Italy, from Port Gamble.
SHIELDS— Sailed Jan J-Br ship Maxwell, for
San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
¦ NEW TORK— Sailed Jan 4-Stmr Alaatla. for
Mediterranean ports; atmr Patricia, Jot Naples.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 3— Stmr Montfort,
from St John JC B. and Halifax.
BRISBANE— Sailed Jan +— Stmr Aoranxl. for
Honolulu and Vancouver.
Q UEEN STOW X— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Cam
pania, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
NAPLES— Sailed Jan 4— Stmr Columbia, for
New York.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and O«odetla Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to 3aa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Ml«slon-«tre«t wharf) about tw«»ty-
Continued on Paere Nino.
Cajj^HE aftermath of the storm does
1 not reveal any great amount of
I damage along the water front. The
H underpinning of the wharves has
suffered considerably and" the bay I
is covered with floating f>Iles. A few ves
sels dragged their anchors. Dr. Kinycun*
wa3 busy all of yesterday getting the
quarantine hu!k Omaha back to her prop
er anchorage.
River steamers were decayed, the steam
fishing fleet had to take refuge In Drakes
Bay. coasters were all behind time, out
ward bound vessels are waiting for the |
gale to subside in orCer to get to sea and
work along the front is at a standstill.
Should it clear up during the night there
will be a rush to discharge and load, and
longshoremen will be In demand.
The arrivals yesterday were very few
and far between. The Point Arena got in
from Point Arena. Last Wednesday she .
ran into very heavy weather. When the
steamer began to labor the captain ran
into Drakes Bay. There she lay for twen
ty-four hours, and while there the fishing
fleet came scurrying in to keep her com
pany. When the Point Arena steamed
away for San Franc'seo yesterday morn-
Ing she left quite a fleet behind her.
River Steam*rs in Plenty of Trouble.
The steamer Gold started for Petaluma
last Thursday afternoon. When the gale
came up she was in a perilous position for
a few minutes, but the captain managed
to get her about and succeeded In- reach
ing a place of refuge under Point Pedro.
The J. D. Peters and the Captain Weber
both left Stockton while the gale was rag
ing. The Peters went back to her berth
but the Weber 'kept on. She was blown
on a mudbank and hung there for ten
hours. Finally she was got off and made
San Francisco at 1:20 p. m. yesterday. The
Peters remained at Stockton all night,
and when the gale was over started for
San Francisco; arriving here at 3:30 p. m.
The Sacramento steamer Apache left
here at 1 p. m. Thursday, but when well
on her way the gale became so heavy that
she had to put about and seek shelter un
der the lee of The Brothers.
The.Vallejo steamer Monticello was also
caught in the pale. Crossing. from Lom
bard-street wharf to Angel Island she got
the full force of the blast and lay over
until her decks were awash. Passing The
Brothers she caught it again, but her cap
tain stuck to It and she finally reached
Vallejo, not on time, but still in the ring.
STEAMER AMERICAN
COMES INTO PORT
The Hawaiian-American Steamship
Company's new steamship American ar
rived from New York yesterday. She Is
a duplicate of the CaHfornlan, built by the
Union Iron Works, and seems to be as
equally good a vessel as the onenowundcr
charter to the Government. The Amer
ican left New Xork sixty-six days ago
and called at St. Lucas for coal. Her
next stop was at Coronel and from there
she came on to San Francisco without
stop. "We had a splendid trip all the
way around until we struck the
Farallone?," said Captain Macdonald yes
terday. "Then I thought I was off Cape
Hatteras again. It blew a hurricane and
carried away a few ventilators and
smashed in a few skylights, but the dam
age does not amount to a row of pins."
The American will go from here to
Puget Sound, where she will load for
Honolulu. From Honolulu she will go to
Hilo and load sugar for New York and
will then come back to San Francisco.
NEWS FROM AMONG
WHARVES AND DOCKS
Captain Metcalfe, Lloyds* surveyor,
writing from Santa Rosalia. Is of the
opinion that the German ship Edmund
that went ashore there last month will
be got off. She is broadside on the
beach and drawing twelve feet aft and
nine feet forward. The Spreckels' tug
Luckenbach Is hard at work pumping her
out, while stevedores are at work remov
ing the ballast. Judging from the new*
received, the Edmund should now be off
the beach. and any day a telegram may be
expected stating that she Is on her way
to San : Francisco In tow of the Lucken
bach.
A. Peterson, an insane man, Jumped off
the Jackson-street wharf yesterday. He
was rescued by some of the dock handa
and hurried to the Harbor Hospital,
where Dr. Putnam soon had him out of
danger. He says he formerly worked in
the Iron Mountain copper mines, but that
his home Is in heaven. '.
OLD HULK OMAHA
DRAGS HER ANCHOR
The quarantine hulk Omaha had to take
her share in the gale, much to the 'Msgust
of Dr. Kinyoun. She went adrift early in
the "gale, Tand driving at the rate of five
miles an hour came near to going ashore
The keeper and his wife flew signals of
distress, but.no help was at hand. When
the Omaha was almost on Point Pinole
the anchor helJ. .The keeper and his wife
soon got a kedge out to help matters, and
when Dr. Kinyoun ventured out this
morning he was able to see. by the aid of
a glass, his "torture vessel" safe and
sound many miles away; The old Omaha
had the narrowest escape of her life, and
had it not been for the presence of mind
of the man in charge in paying out chain
as soon as th«j, anchor "bit" she would
now be a wreck on Point Pinole.
REVENUE CUTTERS
¦HAVE LIVELY TIMES
There were lively, times on the revenue
cutters MrCuilnr.h a nrt irinnlnv anit »Ka
THE heavy storm which Ban Fran
cisco experienced in the past
forty-eight hours caused the loss
of one life in addition to the dam
age to property already reported.
Carl Claus Dorgeloh, a 16-year-old lad,
•was Instantly killed by a live electric
wire early yesterday morning while de
livering copies of The Call to subscribers
on the corner of Ashtrary and Frederick
streets. The body of the unfortunate lad
was discovered lying on the tracks of the
San Francisco and San Mateo electric
railroad. C. Schade, a driver for Wester
feld'e bakery, had his attention called to
the body by* the balking of his horse. He
saw something lying on the tracks and
was horrified to nnd the body of Dorge
loh. Schade at once notified Officer
Stephen Eunner of Golden Gate Park,
¦who made an examination of the spot
where the body was found. The officer
discovered a broken electric light wire
hanging over the track. The wire had
been torn from its fastenings by the high
wind and had dropped after the first car
of the Ellis-street line had passed under
It. Dr. Rumwell was called to examine
the body and found that the boy had
been dead for some time. A blue bruise
on the back of the left hand near the
base of the third finger showed where the
bolt of electricity had entered and a sim
ilar bruise on the heel marked the point
cf exit.
The peculiarly sad feature of the case
Js the fact that the boy was the sole sup
port of his widowed mother. He attended
public school In the daytime and went to
work as early as 3 o'clock in the morning
to deliver papers for the carrier owning
the route in that part of the city. Carl
was a lad of many good traits ana was
very popular among his associates.
Boreas Gave Way to Jupiter Pluvius.
The sway of Boreas was interrupted
yesterday in the city and Jupiter Pluvius
reigned rapreme, but according to the
weather prophet the ctonn king: will prob
ably visit San Francisco again to-day.
The heavy blow which did so much
damage oa Thursday was succeeded yes
terday by copious showers and but little
wind. The 6torm king did not retire be
cause he thought that San Francisco had
experienced sufficient of his work, but he
¦was fcrced out to sea by an area of high
pressure which came down from British
Columbia.
It is a wise thing to heed the warnings
oJ the weather prophet, and all who go
abroad to-day j-hould provide themselves
with umbrellas, rubber overshoes and
mackintoshes, for these articles will be
needed.
The city showed evidences yesterday of
the force cf the storm which Bwept down,
oa Thursday. No matter in what direction
one went electric light and telephone
wires could be found In a damaged condi
tion. The best testimony as to the de-
Eirability of doing away with the un-
Eightly and dangerous advertising fences
was seen In the wreckage of the eyesores.
All over the city sidewalks were blocked
with th« ruined fences, and where the
wreckage had been cleared away the
printed bills and paste formerly on the
fences made it dangerous for pedestrians
to walk. The companies owning the dam
aged electric light and telephone wires
did but Jittle to restore the service. The
broken wires were in many instances sim
ply tied around the poles bearing them,
with the probability of another high wind
carrying the loose wires away, thus en
dangering the lives of passers by.
In the city's breathing spots and In
Golden Gate Park and the panhandle the
fury of the storm was shown by broken
trees, fihrubs and flowers.
In the residence and business portion of
the city employment was given to many
men. repairing broken wlndowB, chimneys
8nd roofs.
A beautiful eight was to be seen out
on the ocean front. The storm had back
ed out to sra and tho wind forced the wat
er in huge waves right up to the drive
way, and tat little was to be seen of the
Seal Kocks from the Cliff House. With
mighty force th*» waves dashed on the
beach, sending volumes of white spray
hundreds of feet into the air. Many per
sons braved the unpleasant weather yes
terday to see the fury of nature
Weather Prophet McAdip was the hap
piest man In the city yesterday for all
of his predictions made on New Year's
day as to the storm had come true.
In speaking of the storm and? the exist
ing conditions la*t »v<>n!ng, Mr. McAdic
said:
"At Z p. m. the reports ?ho*- that tho
Ftorm covers the entire Pacific slope. It
Is now raining at Los Angeles and" the
conditions for rain are favorable south of
the Tehachapi. Rain Is wanted badly In
the southern portion of the State and it
looks as if they are in for a good soak
ing. At San l*uis Obispo 2.44 Inches of
rain have fallen in the last twelve hours
In San Franctsco we have had flfty-stx
one hundredths of an inch in the last
twelve hours and three-quarters of an
inch In the last twenty-four hours. The
wind has diminished to-day and I don't
thirk we will have another blow like that
of Thursday night. We. will have cloudy
weather and frequent rains, together with
¦south winds. The change of the wind to
day to the north amounts to very little.
The Btorm Is still off the coast of Central
California and is being forced slowly
southward by an area of high pressure
pushing down from Alberta Province, m
Canada. In other words, the pressure has
The heavy storm playod havoc with the
tents, fences and trees at the Presldlc.
The casual camp suffered the greatest,
fully one-half the tents being blown to the
ground. The tents lately put up in Model
cannp and occupied by the recruits with
stood the storm's fur:.-, but one of the
tents being blown over. The high fences
around the grounds, most of which were
thickly covered with ivy, offered a fair
mark for the wind and fully seventy-five
feet were blown flat. Fully fifty large
trees were uprooted aiid in many other
cases large branches were broken away
from the trunks.
Despite the stormy weather the steamer
Resolute was enabled to make one trip
from the transport dock to the Presidio
wharf with 132 of the bodies brought
from Manila on the Grant. Handling the
remains was not an easy matter owing
to the Immense weight of the zinc-lined
caskets and the contents, the choppy con
dition of the bay and the heavy rain, but
they were all placed under cover before
nightfall. It is expected the transfer of
the bodies will be completed to-day.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Walter C.
Chidester has been assigned to temporary
uuty at the general hospital, awaiting
transportation to the Philippines.
TELEGRAPH SERVICE
IS DISORGANIZED
The Southern Pacific telegraph service
was practically useless yesterday. Many
poles were blown down by the heavy
wind Thursday night and the service is
especially bad from all points north of
Redding. The trains due here at 8:43 a, m.
and 7:45 p. m. yesterday could not get out
of Dunsmuir and It was necessary to send
the passengers along- In two sections with
a snowplow ahead of each section. The
belated passengers are expected to reach
here toward evening.
The only wire to Dunsmuir is via Chi
cago. A big rotary plow was started
north of Dunsmuir yesterday morning.
The snow is from six la eight feet deep
MUCH DAMAGE IS DONE
AT THE PRESIDIO CAMP
"If you go out to-morrow you will want
your umbrella and mackintosh, but iho're
will not be much danger of your umbrella
being- blown Inside out."
forced the storm back to the same direc
tion it came from. Cold weather and
snow will continue in the country between
the Sierras and Cascade Mountains.
"The records show some remarkable fig
ures as to the force of. the wind on Thurs
day. In the morning it was 26 miles an
hour and increased steadily. The highest
velocity was at 6:4S p. m.. when it record
ed 57 miles an hour from the southeast,
In Galveston during the big storm the
h:ghest velocity an hour was 68 miles. At
6:51 p. m. the wind blew on the top of tho
Mills building at 66 miles an hour, but
enly for one minute. ' Had it lasted longer
there would have been serious damage.
The highest velocity rt-corded in Galves
ton for a single minute was 100 miles.
The wind gradually died out on Thursday
night, until at 10:15 o'clock, it recorded 2d
miles an hour, which is our usual summer
wind velocity.
"Out at sea. where the storm now is.
ships must be experiencing heavy weathtr
and I think that it was foolish for the
steamers Pomona and Titania to go to.
sea on Thursday in face of -the warnings*'
issued. I predicted this storm on January
1 and every point on the coast was noti
fied. We are getting but little Informa
tion to-day, as the wires are down in all
directions. We are cut off from the north
; and cannot reach Ta ma I pals -toy our pn-
THE HAWAIIAN-AMERICAN STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S AMERICAN
MAKING PORT DURING THURSDAY'S GALE. SHE IS A SISTER
SHIP TO THE CALIFORNIAN. BUILT AT THE UNION IRON WORKS.
The alarm from box 75 at 6 p. m. was
caused by crossed, electric wires on the
Murphy building at 1236 Market street.
No damage was done. Soon after 9 o'clock
the cut wires became crossed again and
gave a^ brilliant electric display for half
an hoifr or more. Linemen were called
end the wires were cue for the second
time.- There was considerable consterna
tion among the tenants of the building
but their fears wen; quickly allayed.
CROSSED WIRES GIVE
SHOWERS OF SPARKS
rairer.to street collapsed and about a
third of the roof was blown off. Large
sections cf the roof, with timbers attach
ed, were scattered in different directions.
The exposed grain was transferred to the
covered part of the building. The damage
will amount to several hundred dollars.
MILTON. Jan. 4.— One of the heaviest
windstorms cf recer.t yiavs prevailed here
last night. No serious damage resulted.
Ail day the wind has remained high, com
ing from the rainy quarter, and showers
have fallen at intervals during the day.
The Indications point to a continued and
heavy storm..
VALLEJO, Jan. 4.— The heaviest wind
storm in ten jear3 struck Valtejo last
evening at 8 o'c'ock. Thirty feet of cor
nice brick of thf Philadelphia House was
blown down. Two large smokestacks at
the Starr Mills toppled over.
SANTA CRUZ. Jani 4.— There was a
heavy rain and wind last night. The rain
fall was 1 inch. At Boulder Creek there
was VA Inches.
JAMESTOWN. Jan, 4.-After a severe
wlndstuim yesterday afternoon it com
menced raining throughout, this section
shortly after dark. The. precipitation up
to 5 o^clock to-day was .S"> of un inch. A
telephone message from Strawberry re
ports a steady snowfall all *day above
there.
. GERMAXTOWN, Jan. 4.— The new year
opened with the heaviest frost of the sea
son. Yesterday during a terrific wind
storm rain fell in torrents throughout this
section. There was a heavy snowfall in
tho Coast range. The ru:a continues.
SANTA CLARA, Jan.- 4.— Heavy rainfall
is recorded for the last twenty-four hours,
lhe storm began at 4:15 p. m. yesterdav
and up to 2 p._m. l.tiS inches had fallen. *
SAX JOSE Jan. 4.— Between S o'clock
last night and daylight this morning 2.35
inches of rain fell In San Jose, while in
the hills the precipitation was much
trreater. The high wind of yesterday In
jured fruit trees throughout the valley.
PACIFIC GROVE, Jan. 4.— The severest
windstorm of the year occurred here last
night, accompanied by a copious rainfall.
Wires throughout the entire district were
down and telegraphic and telephonic com
munication was completely cut off up to 8
o'clock to-nlght.
SANTA MARIA, Jan. 4.— Rain fell here
all day. The season's rainfall to date Is
nearly eight inches.
-FRESNO, Jan. 4.— To-day's rain has
come to the people of Fresno as a wel
come change from the severe cold of the
last three or four days. The frost did
no material Injury and the rain has only
been a drizzle. .
9 STOCKTON, Jan. 4.-A cold wind has
been blowing all day here and local show
ers fell at intervals. The strong wind
early this morning caused some damage
cbout the city, but the total is small.
.LOS ANGELES, Jan. 4.— Rain began
falling at 9 o'clock this evening, putting
an end to the apprehensions of the citrus
fruit growers, who had been led to fear
a killing frost by the temperature of the
last few days.
SAN MIGUEL, Jan. 4.-After a week
of the "coldest weather ever experienced
in thi3 section a steady, soaking rain is
falling.
CLOVERDALE. Jan. 4.— Mrs.' C. J.
Mllde, wife of the contractor carrying the
mall between this place and Christine,
Mendocino County, had a; thrilling ex
perience this morning. For the past few
weeks Mrs. Milde has been making alter
nating trips with her husband, owing to
the bad condition of .the roads. Each
would leave opposite ends of the route at
the same time, meeting and passing at
Yorkville. This morning Milde arrived at
the meeting place iirst and while stand
ing* before a store in which the postoflke
!s located he heard a woman scream.
Looking In the direction .of the sound he
saw his i wife had just started ¦ to ford
Rancheria Creek, the bridge being washed
away and the stream greatly swollen by
the heavy rain. ShS had discovered when
too late that she had made a' terrible
mistake. The stage started to float
downstream. - .
Calling for help, Milde made a dash for
the edge of the stream, less than 100 yards
away. A bystander, picking up a coil of
rope joined him. Mllde made a splendid
throw of the rope and '-his wife caught
one end and fastened it around her body.
Then she threw herself bodily into the
torrent and was hauled' ashore., though
nearly drowned. The stage was carried
away end the mall lost.. Both horses
drowned and their ' carcasses -were found
this afternoon a mile below the scene of
the accident. ¦•.::.. • .
Thestorm of yesterday and to-day did
acreat dear of damaee in this section.
"WOMAN . STAGE-DRIVER
HAS A NARROW ESCAPE
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 4.— With de
structive fury the storm king tra
versed this cit>; and county last
night, causing damage that will
amount to thojsands of dollars.
The storm reached its height at 8 o'clock.
Fallen trees, wrecked broken w*n
dows, leveled fences ar.d splintered sheds
and outbuildings greeted the eye to-day
as reminders of the breezy visitation.
The storm vented '.ha full force of its
fury upon the Tamuloais Tavern, situ
ated at the top of Mount Tamalpais. Ov*r
the brush-covered rMgts and across il3
bleak summit the wind and rain swept
with terrific force. The roof of the tavern
was torn from the building and scattered
over the mountain side. 1 ne sound of its
fall was heard above tho din of the storm
and caused terror amjng the inmates of
the hotel, all of whom, fortunately, es
caped unhurt. Much of the furniture has
been removed to the pavilion, whore it
will remain until the hotel is repaired.
A large brick, chimney on the Wilkins
building in thi<rcity was blown down. It
Crashed through the fnof and into the law
ofllces of Lennon & Hawkins. Mr. Lea
non narrowly escaped death from the
shower of bricks. A roof was torn from
a cottage owned by M. F. Cochrane. A
warehouse owned bv Cheda & Co. at th-.>
landing was blown down. West of this
city, on the Hotalirg lanch, a large barn
in course of construction' was blown down.
Dozens of railings, t-ls-is, porches ami
roofs were wrecked in San Rafael, while
the storm raged. The iocal telephone and
telegraph service \vaj put out of commis
sion and it will be several days before
it is repaired. The large outbuildings or
the Greenbrae brickvards were blown
down, as were those ot the gas company
in this city.
This morning a narrow gauge train wa*
stopped by a gum tree across the track.
It was soon removed. - ¦-, -
At Larkspur the fuil force of the storm
was felt. It swept .up the canyons and
fences, roofs and oorches went by tlu
board. Three houses'. were demolished.
The dwelling of A. J. Marriott was «j
uueed to debris, as were the Heydenfeldt
and Helling houses. By good fortune the
houses were unoccupied at the time.
At Sausalito the storm demolished the
narrow gauge earsr.fds, imprisoning
many cars in the debris. - A wharf was
damaged and several hmall boats were
lost. Last night the steamers had much
difficulty in landing, but beyond fright
and seasickness among some of the pas
sengers little damagi! was done. . >
In Mill Valley the Woodward House
lost its roof and windows and fences'
throughout. the valley suffered.
At Tiburon several small boats were
lost. At Point San Pedro the Chinese
shrimp fishing villages were almost swept
away. The frightened Mongols left their
flimsy shelters and sought refuge in the
gulches back of their camps. Many of
their nets, wharves and Junks were Io3t.
A half dozen of their huts were picked up
by the storm and scattered over the
ridjjes.
Up the channel of a slough this side of
Black Point two market hunters battled
all night for their lives. Their small ail:
pounded Itself to pieces in the shallow
water and the two men tried to wade to'
the shore. They mired in the soft ooze
repeatedly and several times almost gave
up hope, but by hard work they reached
solid ground, at midnight and made their
way to a farmhouse.
Bolinas has not been heard from. Fallen
trees blocked the road and have destroyed
the telephone line. In Lagunitas Canyon
a woodchopper's cabin was crushed by a
falling pine tree and the . man had a
miraculous escape from death. . The trunk
of the tree fell across the lower end of
the small hut, crushing the little struc
ture to the ground. Its occupant was
sleeping on his bunk at the other end of
the cabin and escaped with a few bruises.
Frcm all 'parts of Scnoma Ccunty cemvj
reports of trees blown down, bridges
washed away and U-iephone and electric
light wires demolished. The b!g apron
bridge crossing Russian River here was
carried away last i;:'£ht.
Telegraphic reports from various points in Central and Northern California testify to the fury
of the storm of Thursday night and yesterday. In Marin County and througli the Sonoma Valley exten
sive damage was done. A number of dwellings were razed by the wind and in all directions leveled fences
and trses and the wreckage of chimneys, signsand roofs are left as mnindjrs of the prankish zephyrs.
Guests of Tamalpais Tavern, at the peak of the mountain across the bay, wers given a severe fright. The
famous hostelry was unroofed and its inmates feared for a time that the entire structure would be car
ried away. At Tiburon and Sausaiito considerable damage was done to wharves and a number of small
boats were lost. Throughout the interior of the State there was much destruction of property. Yreka re
ports the loss of the entire plant of the Sheba Hining Company, in which San Franciscans ars heavily in
terested. The damage resulted from a snowslide that occurred on Wednesday.
Spscial Dispatch to. The Can
RIO VISTA, Jan. 4.— During '¦. the storm
last night the east end of the" California
Transportation - Company's large corru
gated Iron warehouse at the foot of Sac-
WINDSTORM AND RAIN
AT INTERIOR POINTS
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 4.— The storm
continues . in this locality, with a heavy
rain and a high wind. Snow is falling in
the mountains from Emigrant Gap to
Tunnel Thirteen, on the Central Pacific,
but traffic is not impeded, all trains ar
riving' on time. "On the Oregon division
the blockade continues and no trains have
arrived in. two days. The telegraph lines
are. not working north of Red Bluff, and
no word; has been received from the
scene of the blockade.
BLOCKADE CONTINTTES
ON ; OREGON DIVISION
TREKA, Jan. 4.— The big snowsllde that
occurred on Patterson Creek swept away
the entire plant ' of . the Sheba Mining
Company. .The property is owned largely
by San Francisco parties. .
At a late hour this afternoon five weary
horses . and I riders came | into | town, one
man leading a horae to which was lashed
the body of Harry, Smith, the unfortunate
young man who lost his life in the Bevere
snowstorm, of Wednesday night. The res
cuing party consisted of Sheriff Freshour ;
County Aesessor. Nally and Messrs. Nol-'
ton, Bridges "and Brown.ar.d had been
out since daylight this morning. ; '-\;<-
MINING CO MPANY'S
PLANT DESTROYED
PETALUMA, Jan. 4.— The wind and rain
storm of last night caused considerable
damage to property In this city. Three
houses were demolished and others were
damaged. Roofs were blown from business
blocks and scores of fences, signs and
trees were leveled. The telephone, tele
graph and electric power and light wires
were broken and tangled, and the city
was without light, power or communica
tion service. Factories and m'achlne
shops had to close this morning on ac
count of there being.no power. The wind
caused several small tires, and in the
midst of the ftorm the lire department
responded to an alarm. * -
The John Tobln home, on Keller street,
was overturned and wrecked. A house on
Kentucky street owned by the F. Tlmms
estate was crushed ¦ by a falling tree.
Samuel Smith's ; house was wrecked by
timbers from vhe warehouse building of
the Petaluma Incubator Company, which
was demolished. The roof of the City
Hall/was blown Into the street, and the
roofs of two warehouses owned by
George P. McNear were blown off. .
STORM CAUSES HEAVY
DAMAGE IN PETJALUMA
ASHLAND, Or., Jan. 4.— With the ex
ception of Sisson. Cal.. where it is still
snowing to-night, all points in the track
of the great snowstorm that has been
raging in Northern California and South
ern Oregon since Xcw Year's night re
port an abatement . of. the .storm. The
situation on the Southern Pacffic Rail
road has improved during the day. This
evening the blockade which has existed
on the Sacramento t'.ivision south of Duns
muir was raised. One passenger train
was "started from Dunsmuir on Its way
south and one nortii, with the expectation
that they will get through.
In addition to combating the snowdrifts
in tne Sacramento Canyon and in the
deep cuts of the Stskiyou Mountains tne
railroad has two landslides south of Cas
tella to contend ¦ with, and a force of
several hundred men has succeeded in
clearing the track. Five snowpiows and
an immense force of snowshovelers are
operating south of trie summit of the S.s
klyous and no effort or. expense is being
spared to clear the ro;id. Six engines that
hauled yesterday's south-bounu express
over the Siskiyous to Hornbrook on re
turning this mor.iing to Ashland en
countered a drift more than fourteen feet
deep in a two-mile cut on the north side
of the mountains, a few iplles south of
here. A snowplow and ailarge gang of
men have been at work all day digging
them out and it is expected that they will
reach Ashland before to-morrow morning.
The company has been engaging the
men along the line that could be had at
Increased wages to shovel snow and clear
the tracks and two large gangs of them
arrived here from the north this morn
ing. The passengers on trains Kos. 11 and
15, which arrived from Portland this
morning, are held in Ashland, those on
No. 11 also will be held here. A train
was made up here • this afternoon an.1
started for -Portland with local passengers
and mall. . . : '
LANDSLIDES INCREASE
AND DELAY TRAFFIC
TiIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. JANUARY 5, 1901.
Wind Tears the Roof Trom Tamalpais Tavern
and Sends It Crashing Down the Mountain
Side — Storm's Damage in Marin, County
PREDICTIONS POINTING TO A CONTINUATION
OF THE GREAT STORM THAT IS SWEEPING COAST
AND STATE AND CAUSING WIDESPREAD DAMAGE
Electric Wire Displaced by the
Big Storm Causes the Death
of Carl Dorgeloh, a Call Carrier
3ADVAXCE GUARD AND THREE
HIGH-CLASS STARTERS IN
THE NEW YEAR HANDICAP.
Steelheads have at last made their ap-
STEELHEAD5; AT POINT REYES
The argument lnithe. scavenger cases
was concluded In the United States Cir
cuit 'Court i yesterday .afternoon '. and the
cases were submitted.. The argument' for
the plaintiff was made -by John A: Percy
Edward Learning and . Charles • L.\ Tilden.
Judge Morrow will render; a decision at
an early.date. j • -. • . -
Scavenger Cases , Submitted.
Turner and Christie Matched.
DENVER. Jan. 4.— A special to the
News from Rock Springs, Wyo.; says: To
day.articles of agreement were signed for
a fight on the 19th. lust;, at the opera
house here, by Eugene Turner (colored)
of Denver and Young Christie of. Bait
Lake. w 0 — — _- ..
. Petitions In Insolvency were filed yes
terday In the United States District Court
as follows: Charles Babb, tailor, Oakland
liabilities $1180 03. no assets; Emma sai
keld. restaurant-keeper, Oakland, liabili
ties JSCS 66. no assetsV »»oui-
The Wllllams-Marvln Company. Kahn
Nlekelsburar & Co, and Hoffman. Rot£
child & Co. filed a petition asking that
the court declare L. Olender, merchant In.
Sonora. an involuntary Insolvent. They
allow. jkfeaj, h» owea mora ,thaq f80y\
Petitions in Insolvency.
Maintaining a Nuisance. #
The case of E.J. Creel y, veterinary sur
geon, convicted of maintaining- a nuisance
at his establishment on Golden Gate ave
nuo, was called In Judge Cabaniss' court
yesterday. The Judge was notified by tho
Board of Health that a moderate, fine
would be satisfactory on the understand
ing that the nuisance must be abated or
the defendant would be : rearrested. - The
Judge thought the better, way would be
lo continue the case for ( two weeksand
meantime it could be seen if the nuisance
was abated. s
COYOTE HUNT ACCIDENT.
Captain Ed Selfridge. a member of the
California Coyote Hunt Club, met with a
painful accident last Sunday near Crock
ett. While out r hunting his foot caught
in a covered hole and his ankle was
snapped. Tho accident put a wet blanket
on the. coyote - hunt, -'in which Dr.-C
Quinan, K. Qulnan; E. Selfridge: and ' J.
B. Kennift participated. Three coyotes
were killed. • . - ¦ ¦¦. •.---¦¦
SUNDAY HANDBALL CONTESTS-
At the San Francisco handball courts
the following contests will be held to
morrow: *
D. Rodgers and P. M. Mclntyre vs. M.'
McLieod and T. Perry; T. Serres and B.
White vs. G. Green and W. Johnson; W.
Fisher and G. B. Hay ward vs. M. Basch
and M. Levy: W. Williams and P. Ryan
vs. D. Connelly and J. Lawless; A- Mc-
Vicker and J. Condon vs. T. Leach and.
T. Foley; W. Hassell and E. Antron vs.
L. Kenny and A. Collius: J. Harlow and
R. Murphy vs. J. Feeney and W. Ma
puire;,W. H. Sieberst and D. J. Sheehan
vs. JC. J. Prendergast and W. H. Kedian;
J. C. Nealon and A. Hampton vs. J. White 1
ftSd.fi. A Civics. J
' Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 4.— The weather
was fine and the track very heavy. Sum-
mazy:
Mil* and 70 yart!». •ellin»— Uhlara won, Orion
second, Indian third. Time. 2:00.
81x furlongs," ¦•lllng— Menace won, Wood
stick second. Graydally third. Tune. 1:23.
One and aa eighth miles, nellir.s? — Mor.k
"Wai-man won. False Lead second. Belle of
Orleans third. Time, 2:09H-
Handicap, one mile— Ida Ledford won, Ben
Chance second. Boomerack third. Time, V53.
Seven furlontrs. selling— Georsre B. Cox won,
Henry of Frantsamar second. Randy third.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Horseshoe
Tobacco won. Palarm second. Handcuff third.
Time, l:29U.
RELIANCE CLUB'S BIG
FISTIC ENTERTAINMENT
George Baker of San Jose and Tommy
Cox of Australia Are
Matched.
OAKLAND. Jan.' 4.— The Reliance Ath
letic Club will hold Us next. boxing exhi
bition next Friday evening 1 . . The pro
gramme consists , of two ten-round con
tests and one flf teen-round main event.
Joe Sullivan and Bobby Martin of San
Francisco will • be the first pair in the
ring. They will meet at 120 pounds. Bo
nar Wilt of * the San Francisco Athletic
Club and Pat Malloy of Plttsburg will
meet at 148 pounds.. Malloy Is a new man
on the coast, and from 1 the showing he
made In a tryout gives promise of keep
ing the welterweight division busy.
The main event will be between George
Baker of San Jose and Tommy - Cox of
Australia at 126.' pounds 'at" the ringside.
Both men are in fine shape and' it should
be one of the best goes ever seen In Oak
land.
HUNT CLUB MEET AT MILLBRAE
The San Mateo Hunt Club will meet at
the Sixteen-Mile House, Mlllbrae, at 2:J>
p. m. to-day. The run will be in a south
erly direction and the finish will be at
Burlingame. The place of rendezvous on
Wednesday, the 9th, is the north side of
Crystal Spring dam at 2:30 p. m. On Sat
urday, the 12th, the hounds will be laid on
at the same hour at Moormead. Fair
Oaks.
Francis J. Carolan Is expected to reach
California, on the 10th '-, with the hounds
which he has purchased in the East.
These, with the hounds Imported from
Ireland, make up about a: dozen couples
young, but well trained.-; .
SWIMMING AT SUTRO BATHS.
The following races will be held at Su
tro Baths on Sunday, January 6:
50-yard dash. Juvenile*-!!. ' Hemz. P
Rudder, W. Adams, I. Moody. E. Win
field. W. Boyle. L.. Collins. W. Armacost
J. Erasmy A. Springer, A. Martinez, w'
Smith. R. Herman, H. Carter. C. Crist.
Under-water swimming, high diving and
tub races, open to all. N ...
100-yard race, amateurs— J. Bradley F
Ralston, R. Riding, H. Harnes, C. Au
gustus. P. Levin, H. Wllbert, R. Cordcll
K. Reynolds, A. Clayton. '.L,. Hanlon \v"
Carroll, G. Irvine, H. Dougherty, E. Win
field. F. Paine, F. Clough. w. Stockton
Trick and fancy springboard diving— D
Jackson, J. Dlxon, C. Kurran, W. Cook' 1
J. Garfliner. A. Reese. R. Riding, P. Sub
berg. A. Hoffman, L. Scott, T. Thompson
T. McKlllop, D. McCann, — McCarthy L*
Hanlort. , - '
YACHT CLUB NOMINATIONS
The nominating committee of the Oak-
land Canoe Club has made/ the following
nominations of officers for the coming
year: For commodore. Philip Caduc
owner of the sloop Annie and the half
rater Zephyr; for vice commodore, How
ard 8. Byxbee, owner of the sloop Ni
nette; for secretary treasurer, Charles
Stewart, part owner of the sloop Beatrice.
The above named are all incumbents of
the offices for which they have been nom
inated. S. A, Hackett and Charles L.
Taylor Jr. are nominated as the commit
tee on membership. The Oakland Canoe
Club will keep open house at its quarters
on Sessions Basin, East Oakland, on
Washington's birthday. There will be a
reception and the first race for the Holi
day cup.
During 1900 the Oakland Canoe Club ex
pended a considerable amount 6t monoy
in refitting its clubhouse and refurnish
ing the living-room, which Is now very
comfortable and convenient.-
The annual meeting and election of ofl.1
cers of the Corinthiaxi Yacht Club will
take : place on Wednesday, . January 30
The commodore, vice commodore, treas
urer and port captain will be re-elected
and P. J. Martinstein will be put on tho
regatta committee, on which he Has dona
good service in previous years.
' A meeting of the members of' the San'
Francisco Yacht Club will be held In As
sembly Hall, Merchants' Exchange, on
Wednesday evening, January 9, for tho
purpose of choosing a nominating com
mittee of three, who, within a week after
their election, shall draw up a list of nom
inations for the various offices. The list
or regular ticket, will be posted In the Sari
Francisco Yacht Club house at Sausalito
and mailed to all members. • ¦
The Alamedas and Golden Gates of
Oakland will play at Recreation Park to
morrow at 2 p. m. The Golden Gates have
.strengthened their team v by the. addition
of three new men—^Thomas, Waterbury
and Mitchell. Thomas pitched for Marj-B
vllle and Waterbury and Mitchell played
with the Colusa team. George. Van Hal
tren will play center field for Alameda
the balance of the season. ."Van" leaves
for New York in March, where he will
again play center field for the New York
team.
Dunleavy and Hammond will both play
In the East next season— Hammond with
the Chicagos o f the 'American Associa
tion and Dunleavy with Indianapolis.
The Golden Gates secured only threehits
off Russell last Sunday and the way Jack
Hammond threw to bases was a hummer.
His "whip" was all right and not a base
was stolen. .
The Koenlgs and Nobles will play .at
Freemann's Park, Oakland, next Sunday,
game to be called at 2 p. m. «
The line-up for. the game at Recreation
Ground Is: ....
Alameda. Position. ¦ Golden Gate. •
Hammond Catcher Peralta
Russell Pitcher ..-.. Thomas
W. Hammond First base ": Carroll
t)unleavy Second base Waterbury
Simpson... Third base ..Mitchell
GoldBworthy..... Short stop... Silva
Brltt .....Left field ..Drennan
Van Haltren Center field..... Clynea
Schroeder.... Right field Scanlon
Professional Placers Join the
Ranks of League Teams.
AMATEUR BASEBALL
NINES STRENGTHENED
The only regular scheduled event on
any of the local links for this afternoon
Is a ladies' putting contest on the Oakland
course. If the weather Js at all favorable
it is likely that some matches In the
round robin tournament will be played on
the Presidio course, which, owing to the
light, sandy character of Its soil, may be
played on, even after heavy rains. The
round robin matches which have so far
been played resulted as follows: H. B.
Goodwin has scored 2 against Worthing
ton Ames, H. C. Golcher 1 against S. L.
Abbot Jr., Lansing O. Kellogg 1 against
R. II. Gaylord. and R. H. Gaylord 1
against Captain D. J. Rumbaugh.
The annual contest on New Year's day
for the Liverpool gold medal, which is
emblematic of the medal play champion
ship of the San Francisco Golf Club,
brought out^ a dozen players, of whom S.
L. Abbot Jr. made the Dest score — 93 for
the eighteen holes. This was six strokes
better than the score with which the 6anie
player won the gold medal on New Year's
day, 1839, there being no contest for it in
19J0. In 1S39 the contest for the Liver
pool silver medal was a separate one and
was wone by E. J. McCutchen after tying
with A. B. Williamson. This year the
same scores were counted for both events,
the gross in the gold medal contest and
the net In the silver medal competition.
Warren Gregory won the silver medal,
his score being 99 less 10— S3. The silver
medal should be competed for each month
but no contest for it has taken place for a
long time.
The annual meeting of the members of
the San Francisco Golf Club takes place
this afternoon In the clubhouse, when of
ficers will be elected to serve during the
coming year. It Is probable that the
same board will be re-elected. . •
The ladles of the San Francisco Golf
Club are manifesting great interest in the
game, though challenge class matches do
not occur with much frequency. Mrs.
R. G. Brown, however, is regularly chal
lenged by Miss Maud Mullins and retains
her place against all assaults. Captain
Alice C. Hoffman has not been out at. the
links for some time and consequently or
ganized contests among the ladies have
been discontinued. There is a prospect,
however, of a highly Interesting match
between teams of eight ladies of the San
Francisco Golf Club and a like number
pf the Oakland Golf Club. As the Oak
land ladies were the losers at the contests
that took place on February 24 and March
11 of last year, the challenge will come
from them and will be issued as soon as
Mrs. Le Grand Cannon Tlbbets returns
from the East. •
The question is again being asked
among local golfers, "Why have we no
California Golf Association?" The South
ern California Golf Association is a
flourishing Institution with seven ••asso
ciate" and three "allied" clubs, and onlv
& little energy Is needed to band all the
golf clubs of California into one associa
tion.-This would make it possible to" have
a > Californian championship; the contest
for which would bring together - the
strongest players from all parts of the
State. An attempt was made about a
FAIR OAKLAND
GOLFERS SHOUT
LOUD DEFIANCE
Challenge City Experts for
a Return Match on
the Green,
LAWS OF OHIO
OFFER NO BAR
TO FIGHTING
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Jan. 4.— "William
A. Brady, manager of the Cincinnati
fight carnival and incidentally manager
of Jim Jeffries, arrived in Cincinnati this
afternoon. Brady and Attorney Wltte
went over the law In the case thoroughly.
Brady remarked: "It is infinitely strong
er than the Horton law In New York
State was. There 1b only one man on.
earth who has the power to stop the fight
and that is Mayor Fieischman. That gen
tleman has promised the Saengerfest So
ciety that he would Issue a permit as
soon as they came to apply for it. That
permit once issued Is revocable only by
the Mayor. I am confident Mayor Fleisch
man will keep hia promise."
As a matter of fact, the law under
which Jeffries and Ruhlin are to fight Is
strong enough to bring the men together
with battle-axes. The section stipulates
that the Sheriff of any county or the
Mayor of any incorporated city may issue
a permit for a contest between man and
man. nor is there anyvlimitatlon as to the
number of rounds. Under the Supreme
Court finding it has been determined that
simply because of the fact that men bat
tle for a purse it does not constitute a
prizefight. The seating capacity of the
hall will be increased from 15,000. Its pres
ent capacity, to 24.000.
. Brady has decided to put on a stronar
attraction as ; a prelude to tho heavy
weight contest. He wants either Jack
Root or Terry McGovern against Fitz
simmons" opponent.
The- ministerial opposition is . still bit
ter, but gradually spending its force. A
bomb, however, has been exploded by the
stand taken in Ohio by Senator Foraker
The Senator, It Is understood, argues that
a fight. in Cincinnati will militate against
his chances of success in the campaign.
™ , l3 ._ known hs waited upon Mayor
Fleischman and implored him to revoke
the promise of a permit
It is. also known that Mayor Fldsoh
man curtly replied as follows:
"Senator, If nothing hurts you any more
in your campaign than this fight you can
consider yourself reseated; but I'll be
frank with you. Is will* admit that no
agency political or otherwise will Induce
me to break my word with the business
people of Cincinnati."^
Brady to-night volunteered the services
of Jeffries in a boxing exhibition against
the champion's sparring partner here for
the benefit of Harry Weldon. the stricken
sporting editor of tho Enquirer. It is
thought Ruhlin will be equally magnani
mous. It Is proposed to bring the testi
monial off a night or. two prior to the
big, mill. : .:
Manager Bradu Confident
That Exhibitions Will
Take Place.
year ago to form such an association, but
H. M. A. Miller, secretary of the Oakland
Golf Club, who was conducting the nego
tiations with the clubs of Southern Cali
fornia, was compelled by the pressure of
family cares to abandon the matter. An
effort has also been made to attract
Southern California golfers to the annual
touranment at Monterey and to make the
contests there State championships, but
it has not been successful.
pearance in the pools' at Point Reyes, and
the fishing for this gamo fish will draw
the anglers to the Point.
W. R. Macfarlane and W. Jackson tried
San Antonio Creek during the week for
striped bass, and met with a fair meed of
success.
The puelli&tic protoplasm has arrived
and within a short ppace of time San
Francisco will be teeming with fighters of
high and low degree. They are all com
ing West, it is said, to find a stamping
ground Fafe within the purview of the
law and an atmosphere agreeable to the
j'ropagatlon of fat purses.
The century's first fistic affair will be
the double bill to be presented by the
National Sporting Club. Jack Root and
George Byers and Otto Cribb and "Dutch"
Thurston will be the performers. Root
arrived in this city on Thursday and By
«-rs was due last night. Root Is well liked
in San Francisco, his performances, with
a single exception, giving his admirers
'¦very reason to believe in his ability and
¦sincerity. Byers has made a reputation
for himself as a middle-weight. Out West
he is an unknown quantity, but this will
draw him a following, for the glamour of
a Californian birth does not attach to
his antagonist. Byers has a reputation
for a fair amount of cleverness and
Mrength, and is thought to be evenly
matched with Jack Root.
. Root, as is natural, denies all complicity
in the Ryan-Root fake mat poor Chicago
had foisted upon its ting patrons last
July. He says he fought his best and
knew nothing of Ryan's intentions as to
the mild method of fistic procedure.
When Ryan was here last he gave one
of his most characteristic explanations
about the fight, which was that Root was
a good, strong man, and that he declined
• to take any violent chances with him,
preferring to tarn a decision" by clever
work that would result In a victory due
to outpointing. Root is now offered a
chance to redeem himself In the public
eye. What the ring patrons crave Is an
honest fight, and honest fighters will al
ways insure matches for themselves by
honest behavior. As San Francisco is to
be the rnecca of pugilists during the win
ter, a wise mixer of lists should look to
hi* reputation as well as to his purse.
Otto Cribb has won the public favor by
three rounds of fighting with Frank Mc-
ConnelL His antagonist. "Dutch" Thurs
ton. is an emanation of the San Francisco
AthleticXriub. Greggains puffs his cheat
out every time the nsjne of his protege
is mentioned, and It depends upon Cribb
whether this pectoral inflation will grow
or be everlastingly punctured. Thurston
Is equipped with more than great physi
cal strength. . Up to date he has been
without a match testing his fistic skill.
He will meet in Cribb a man that is a
fighter, and here is tho chance to win his
firet epurs.
The Pacific Coast amateur championship
boxing tournament, which will be held
at the Olympic Club the latter part of
the month, will be one of the old-time
•successes. From far and near entries are
pouring in. The following are training at
the Olympic Club under Al Lean's super
vision: F. McConnell, 115; J. Fields, 115;
D. Danziger. 125; W. HoEkens. 125; W.
Leonard, 125; TV. Brltt, 135; D. Carroll, 135;
-J. Rock. 135; J. Elsenbach, 145; Baraco,
145; J. Doyle. 145; M. Breen. 145; F. Weg
cner, 15?; P. Hennessy, 158;.0"Harrow, 15S,
and F. Bayly. 158.
Professional and Amateur
Contests for Month of
Januaru-
FIGHTERS ARE
ARRIVING FROM
THE FAR EAST
CHAMPIONS IN
FIRST SPECIAL
STAKE OF YEAR
Introduction Event ( W111
Bpina Fleetest Hounds
Together.
The first of the big new year's stakes at
Union Coursing Park will be the Intro
duction, set for Sunday, January 6. Be
sides this stake the regular open event
will be for 112 dogs, many of which are of
fine quality.
The Introduction staks will bring to
gether an exceptionally fine lot of dogs —
champions every one of them, and the
best the local kennels can offer. Curtis &
Sons will be represented by Anchor, Fly-
Ing Fox, Beacon and Narcissus. E. Geary
will have Palo Alto bearing his colors, J.
H. Ro3Siter Rural Artist and Risky At
tempt. R. L. Taylor has named Mose, and
Heenan & Welcn have entered the win
ner of the John Grace stake, Sacramento
Boy. Thla stake contains enough fine
greyhound blood for any coursing 1 .
Owing to the necessary guarding Bea
con will meet Mose In the first course for
the stake favorite. Beacon has the back
ing of the talent for stake honors Palo
Alto running second.
Mose has been running: very strong of
late, and this will give Beacon work from
the very start. Palo Alto meets Narcis
sus In the first round, and hers too the
work will be of no easy stamp for either
Curtis* or Geary's dog.
Just what performance Sacramento Boy
will give is a question troubling the minds
of the talent. Sacramento Boy la particu
larly strong on good strong bares, his
staying powers coming: to his rescue. Of
late the hares have been weak.
Lady Clare is In excellent form at pres
ent, running In exceptional style.
This entire stake will be run off on Sun
day. To-day the first round of the 113-dog
stake and a portion of the second round
will be run off.
"William Growtage. the owner of Mem
ory, the best of Eastern dogs, will send
the dog to San Francisco.
Judge Grace did a piece of detective
work last week that evoked the praise of
the police department. He located a stolen
dog In two hours after the police had been
engaged for a week in trying to find the
hound.
The California Coursing Committee has
had representatives all over the State
who. In the interest of th« stud book
traced the whelping of litters which oc
curred in the latter part of the month
of December. So far. in all but ona In.
stance, the registering of the Utters has
been recorded for the right date. The
committee is watchful that no whelp*
of the last days of t£e year have the
advantage of 12 months of age by the
recording of their birth at a later date,
even though It Is but a difference of a few
hours.
SHOOTERS CRY
BECAUSE RAIN
SCATTERS GAME
Conditions Were Favorable
Until the Last Storm
. ? Arrived-
Beware the duck-shooter to-day. He is
ns choleric as a warm-tempered man in
a dentist's chair. And it is all due to -the
provoking eccentricities of the weather.
For four days of the week he was rubbing
his hands in great anticipatory glee. Then
the fifth day there broke a storm and
with the rain went the washing out of all
his hopes for a big. Saturday and Sunday
shoot.
High winds, overcast skies and frozen
ponds in the north made an acme of
shooting conditions for the nimrod who
blazes his shooting iron over the Sulsun
and bay mashes. Reports from the duck
districts wore fairly alive with tho best
varieties of trie bird. Now. there isn't a
duck-shooter that feels confident of
bringing in any kind of a string, even if
ho show's his enthusiasm by forcing hla
luck.
Until the rain set in on Thursday can
vasback, sprig and widgeon were flying
over the marshes In great numbers. All
the lakes and ponds in Oregon and North
ern California have frozen over and the
high winds, attended by a sinking of tho
mercury, drove the birds south flock after
flock. Had this condition' of affairs con
tinued a few days longer the shooting to
day and to-morrow would probably have
been one of tho best of the season. Should
the weather clear to-day the usual weekly
devotees will ' be out, but their expecta
tions are limited to a few stray ones.
The canvasback has been the bird of
the past two weeks, but the latest reports
show that they are not flying over the
marshes in such vast numbers at the
present time. Sprig and widgeon ' are
coming in for a share of the duck-shoot
er's compliments.
On the Field and Tule Club last Sunday
H. B. Hosmer, L. Titus, J. Wirtner, Fred
Schrine, Burt Remmel, Ai Cummings and
F. B. Bell killed 150 birds. Titus was high
bag and H. B. Hosmer a close" second. On
New Year's day Dr. Derby, Ed Briggs
and Kart Williams were out on the ponds,
but they killed only seventeen birds.
Tho Pringlo Club members had a good
shoot of "cans" ¦ last '¦ Sunday, but the
ponds were too crowded with shooters for
general convenience.
Johnny Coleman; Frank Ireland, Phil
Daly Jr. and Fred Bushnell planned a
shoot at Byron for -last* Sunday, but a
business hitch kept some of the members
at home. . : .
Milton Garatt will sail up the Sacra
mento River for a shoot this evening.
J. F.*. Fassett willtry the Gilroy coun
try for a few days. : ¦•' ;
Dr. Charles li. Bell. Dr. Robert Miller
and C. P\ Fuller bagged 300 sprig and teal
in a two days' shoot" ten miles' east /of
Dixon. . .
The shooting, on- the Napa marshes la
excellent. Dick Dwyer, Phil Daly Jr. and
Tod Sloan ¦ have 'planned ,a trip to the
Drawbridge for Saturday and Sunday.
Montana during the coming summer
season. Ed Laurence, who was secretary
of the racing associations at Butte and
Anaconda during the season of 1S9S, has
l>een zealously at work, and the newly
organized Montana Jockey Club is the
fruit of his labor. At a meeting recently
hold at Butte the following officials were
elected: President, H. I. Wilson; vice
president, J. T. Finlen; treasurer, Siias
F. King; secretary, Lou Frank; general
rcanujrer, Ed D. Laurence.
These officers were elected temporarily,
and another meeting will be held early in
April. Final details will be arranged in a
few days and the lists of stakes will be
announced to the public.
Money is plentiful in Montana and the
reason of 1S9S was the most successful ;n
the history cf the sport in that State.
J'urses. and liberal ones, too, were given
fnr all kinds of horses, rrom the ••Oregon
r-hnrt liner," or quarter horse, to the stake
iiuimal of the Scottish Chieftain type.
Hotting was carried on through the auc
tion and paris mutuel systems, as Mr.
Daly was antagonistic to the more mod
' rn style of booking. Now. perhaps,
l>ookie, with his chalk and chamois, may
have a chance at the game.
Dearer is also to hold a big meeting in
Jrne. Ed Gaylord, the widely known anj
popular Colorado turfman, has secured a
iive years* lease on Overland Park, and
1 reparations are being made for a grand
eeaeon of sport, both running and har
ifss. There will be a renewal of the Colo
rado D«rl>y. with Krf*) added, and several
<>ther Makes worth eomjwting for. It is
understood that there will be no entrance
:<¦• tn overnight events. Any reputab^*
bookmaker v>il! also be allowed to cut in.
which it= a very wise move on the part
of tho management. • Denver is in full en
>iyiTnnt of prosperous times and its pe-j
ji!e arc perfectly willing to patronize good
!-;>'-rt <->f any kind.
A ripnrt published in a New York pa-
IT is now dffinitHy settled that the
death of Marcus Daly, the copper
millionaire, will not affect the pro
jected race meeting to be held In
per, that was given considerable credence,
to the effect that Lester Relff had been
commissioned by Richard Croker to buy
several rood race horses in Calif. >r n i •-
turns out to be a bit of dreamland. Lester
Relff says Mr. Croker never mentioned
the subject to him. and he does not see
how it got kito print. What a superb
showing some of QAir native horses would
make on the other side. To be sure. Burns
& Waterhouse possess some fairly good
material, but the others . Just Imagine
Pompino, Socialist or Torsida 8ta.ni:ig in
the Cambridgeshire.
A Kreat many people look upon Ed Cor
rigan as the only Poo Bah of racing, ar.'l
infallible when it comes to judging a piece
of horseflesh. Not so, however, according
to F. de B. Lopez. Last spring:, it ap
pears, Mr. Lopez wanted Corrigan to takt-
Articulate and train him on shares. The
dethroned Alcalde of Ingleside, the beau
tiful course within sound of the breaker.*,
did take the brown fellow, but after a
' few days' trial advised that he be a<1.1e>l
to the gelding list, and that possibly latr r
on the two-year-old might win a "dng"
race. Articulate was then turned over to
I*. Lloyd, an ex-Jockey, and now bids
fair to become a sensational three-year
old. \
It is to be regretted that Tommy Burns
will not accept any mounts at Oakland.
Tommy, It seems, has not forgotten tho
ruling made against him last season,
when he was restricted to riding for tno
Schorr stable only, during the balance of
the year 1S00. He now labors under the '
impression that the officials of the tr.-.ck
over the bay "have it in for htm." and on
the slightest pretext would again give him
a long term of suspension. Such»3 proba
bly furthest » from the thoughts of the
Oakland judges, and Tommy could expect
Just as fair treatment as that accorded
any other rider who behaves himself.
There is a great hue and cry amone: many
Eastern owner*, and riders that they are
afraid to come to California because of
unjust rulings dealt out. Some owners
have been coming out this way for years
and get in no trouble, and the space is
undoubtedly more valuable than the com
pany of those who do sa much objecting.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
MONTANA TURFMEN ORGANIZE A JOCKEY CLUB AND THE COPPER STATE WILL
HAVE A LONG SEASON OF RACING THIS YEAR-CORRIGAN AND ARTICULATE
THE SAX FRANCISCO;. CALL, SATURDAY, I JANUARY 5, 1 901 .
WINTER SPORTS * RACING, COURSING, FIGHTING, GOLF,
4COBUBN SCORES POINT
AGAINST LOTTB1DGE
Court Decides That the Horssxnan
Must Not Claim the Boy's Ser
vices Pending Suit.
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.— One of the sult3
brought by Jockey Willie Coburn's at
torney against Thomas W. Lottridge was
thrown out of court by Judge Ellsworth
to-day, but the court ruled in the boy's
favor in the other suit.
The rejected action Is that brought in
the Jockey's own name. Judge Ellsworth
held that as he is a minor he had no right
to sue for the annulment of a contract
made out in his mother's name.
The second suit v.as Instituted In Mrs.
Coburn's name and In this case the court
denied Lottridge's lnollon to dissolve the
injunction restraining him from claiming
Coburn's services. Lottridge's demurrer
to the complaint was also overruled. He
waa given ten days in which to plead. .
ADMIRAL KAUTZ
DETACHED FROM
PACIFIC STATION
Will Be Succeeded by
Rear Admiral Casey of
Philadelphia Navy Yard
Canadian First Over the
Line at the Close of
the Fifth Day.
BOSTON, Jan. 4.— Archie. McEachern,
the clever rider from Toronto, Can., led
at the finish of the fifth day's riding at
Park Square Garden. The finish was
neither Avarm nor exciting, two of the
best sprinters, McLean and Walthour,
having fallen a quarter of ; a mile from
the end. The only sensational incident of
the day occurred just before the last
hour, when Oscar Babcock stole a lap on
the leaders. The only, serious fall of the
day was that of Stlnson at 10:30 to-night
and his mishap compelled him to have four
stitches taken in a hip wound. The pac<?
throughout was an improvement over
yesterday.
With the opening of the afternoon rid
ing there were expectations of distance
gaining sprints by some of the leaders,
but while the speed was uniformly fast
from the start to the supper hour, the po
sitions remained relatively the same. The
phypicial condition of the nine men was
surprisingly pood.
The evening racing began the forty-
Fixth hr>ur.' McEachern set the pace at
7:06. A little later Bibcock was per
mitted to lead for nearly all the first
hour, at the end of which McEachern
went to the front. The score was 857
miles 5 laps for the leaders. Without
any warning at 10:55 Babcock cut loose
and before either the crowd or riders
knew what had happened he was some
distance ahead of the bunch and at "the
end of three laps was within ten feet of
the rear guard. None of the men made
serious efforts to catch the runaway.
The scores at the fiftieth hour, the day's
finish, were: McEachern (leading), Kaser
Stinson, Downey. Fischer, McLean and
Walthour all 928.5, Babcock 928.1, Muller
918.3.
In the last mile McLean and Walthour
fell, but neither was seriously hurt.
McEACHERN
LEADS IN THE
WHEEL RACE
Special Dlsratch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— All indications are
that Nevada will soon. figure prominently
in a pugilistic way. Reports from Carson
City, where the Legislature is now in ses
sion, show that the law legalizing prize
fights will not be repealed, and that
"Dan" Stuart, who is now in that city,
is already making arrangements for a big'
pugilistic carnival for, next spring. One
of the attractions Stuart has in mind is u
battle for the heavy-weight championship
of the world -between the winner of -the
Jeftries-Ruhlin flght and Bob Fitzsim
mons.
If Stuart succeeds in arranging the con
test it will be decided in the ring at Car
ton City, in which Fitzsimmons gained the
championship by defeating James J. Cor
bett. Lanky Bob has been quoted as say-
Ing that he will never fight again.
Stuart, however, is confident. that he can
induce Fltzsimmons to change his mind.
There are also many persons who believe
that Fitzsimmons' future pugilistic course
will depend very largely on the result -of
the issue between Jeffries and Ruhlin.
They declare that If Jeffries demonstrates
his superiority over the "Akron giant"
Fitzsimmons' retirement Is likely to - be
permanent. . . ¦ - ¦ ¦ ' . .
Encounters,
Dan Stuart Is Preparing, a
Series of HlaK-Class
PUGILISTIC
CARNIVAL FOR
CARSON CITY
REAR ADMIRAL CASEY.
Union Pacific Improvements.
TOPEKA. Kans., Jan. 4.— The Union Pa
cific announces that It will spend $1,000,000
in Kansas in making improvements toita
road. ' Grades ; will bo made ' straight and
many new bridges built:.
ACTOR ANGERS INSANE MAN.
Taken Seriously When He Brandishes
a Sword on the Stage.
PANTA CRUZ, Jan. 4.— John Gourley
*as brought from WatsonviHe to-day and
was adjudged insane. Gourley created a
Fcene at the opora-house in that city.
EKiring the progress of a play by the Jes-
Fie Shirley company one of the actors
brandlf-hed a sword. Gourley ran for
ward, leaped to the stage and commenced
to expostulate with the actor. It took sev
eral men to lead him from the building.
His Skull Stops Bullets.
SEATTLE. Jan. 4.— John Scuitto. pro
prietor of the Klondike Hotel on Carroll
erreet, Vancouver, B. C, committed sui
cide to-day by nhooung. Standing before
a mirrow he flred two bullets into his
head. These not even stunning him he
flre<S two more shots Into hlo neck. Ex
cezelve drinking led to the tragedy.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.— The
Navy Department has Is
sued orders detaching Rear
Admiral Ka'utz*. from his post
as r-ommander in chief of the
Pacific station, to take ' effect January 28.
Admiral Kautz's retirement takes place
soon afterward. He will be succeeded by
Rear Admiral Casey, commander of "the
Philadelphia : navy ?yard. . Rear Admiral
G. W. Sumner . has been detached from
the command • of the " Port Royal station
and will succeed Rear Admiral Casey, ,-v;
The Navy Department to-day, issued the
expected order announcing the retirement
of Rear- Admiral Kautz, to take effect
January 29." ¦
Will at Onoe Receive a Share of the
Creede Estate.
DOROTHY 'GREEDE'S LTJCtf.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 4.— A compromise
has been effected In the famous Creede
will contest.' By Its terms little Edith
Dorothy Creede, the adopted daughter of
the late millionaire, will receive a large
part of her inheritance immediately, with
out waiting until she is 25 years of age, as
provided in the will. /
? •—
Laborer's Neck Broken.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 4.— James O'Neil, la
borer, fell through a corrugated iron awn
ing, in front of the Commercial Hotel on
North Market street to-night and broke
his neck. He had got into another man's
room and when asked to move stepped out
/on the awning. O'Neil came here from
East Grand Forks, Minn., about a year
ago and had been employed as a laborer
near Mountain View.
Dies on a Train.
STOCKTON. Jan. 4.— The body of Paul
Stelner is at the Morgue. The deceased
died on the overland train between .Tracy
and Lathrop this afternoon. Papers found
Indicate that he was a resident of Los
Angeles. The body Is In a very emaciated
condition, suggesting consumption as the
cause of death. WSSBBl&S&Bfi '
Sue for Division of Salvage.
SEATTLE, Jan. 4.— Suit was brought to
day against the Alaska Commercial Com
pany, owners of the steamer Beftha, by
that ship's officers and crew, who were
with the steamer at the time she rescued
the bark Mermaid some time ago off the
Alaskan coast. The Mermaid was laden
with at least $75,000 worth of government
property, and the plaintiffs say that the
Government, through Captain Abercrom
bie and the owner and master of the
Mermaid, paid to the Alaska Commercial
Company $7000 as salvage on the disabled
bark and cargo. They further allege that
the llbelants include all the officers and
crew of the Bertha, save the master and
matt and eight common seamen.
Tulare County's Honey Yield.
VISALIA, Jan. 4.— Including to-day's
shipments, four carloads of honey have
been shipped out of Tulare County for the
season. Another car will be shipoed in a
few days. The total honey yield of the
season was about seventy tons.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— Postoffice es
tablished:' Washington— Harper, Kltsap
County. Wesley J. Harrington Postmas
ter. Discontinued January ,15: California
— Peachland, Sonoma County; send mail
to Mollne. '
Postmasters commissioned: California—
Joslah R. Baker, Antipcn; Charles Dur
ner. . Benlcla : *• Jesse T. ' Sharpe. Seaf ord ;
Julius C. Mannock, Angiola; Cora E. Fos
ter, Noble. '
'••; Washington— Nicholas O. Nelson, Inde
pendence. Appointed — S. H. ., Soule, Little
Shasta, Siskiyou County.; vice Mary Fox,
removed; J. C. Taylor, Ophlrr Placer
County, vice S.K'.'Patton, resigned. . .
Pensions issued: California — Additional
— Henrv Marvin, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles #10. • .
; Army orders: Captain DeaneC. How
ard and First Lieutenant Henry A. Web
ber." assistant surgeons, ordered from Fort
Hancock. New York, and Department of
Cuba, respectively, to San Francisco, en
route to the Philippines. .
To Build New City Hall.
SANTA /BARBARA, Jan. 4.— The City
Council last; evening, passed an ordinance
authorizing the' purchase of a small plat
adjoining the present -City Hall. -It Is
proposed to erect a new City Hail thereon
NOTORIOUS CROOK
HELD AT SALT LAKE
ON MURDER CHARGE
3iobert "W. Duvalle, "Well-Knovm to
tlie Police of California and
Other Pacific Coast
States.
Epe^.a.1 Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Jan. 4.— Robert W. Duvalle,
alias Duvalle, and James Lynch, alias
Tony Shumaker. who are under arrest at
Ealt Lake City for highway robbery and
murder, are well known here. < Duvalle Is
eald to have served a term of five years
In San Qvsentln- Several weeks ago he
*as in Southern California, according" to
the police. Claiming to be. a member of
the Seattle fire department on a vacation,
he borrowed money right and left. An
effort waa made to apprehend him at the
time. He is an all round crook. His rec
ord, according to the local police, includes
burglary. forgery, counterfeiting and
hold-up work. In various parts of the
country he is known as Robert Laduc,
Robert Leblatte, Roberts, R. W. Le
Blanche, William Lotto and R, W. Mar
telle.
Two years ago Duvalle was arrested
here on suspicion of having committed
*everal highway robberies, but the proof
•was not strong and he was released. In
XE33 he was convicted in" British Columbia
of having counterfeiting material in his
possession and served a short term.
Ferdinand Newman, also an ex-San Quen
tin ccnvlct, was nith Duvalle In the Job
end was convicted.
The local police have forwarded Du
valle's record to Salt Lake in response to
a request for it. When not operating as
a criminal Duvalle works as a rubber in
Turkish bath establishments.
Special dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Jan. 4.— George Barrick. who
committed a brutal murder in Yakima
County last July, has given himself up to
officers at Cherokee, Kans., and will be
brought back for trial. Barrick met three
Yakima Indian squaws in the road and
offered them a bottle of liquor. He then
knocked two of them off their ponies and
beat one until she wua left for dead. The
next day she was found unconscious and
carried into a hop yard, where she died.
The Coroner and a jury exhumed the
body and found that death resulted from
blows on the head.
Barrick was held for murder. After re
peated attempts io get bondsmen .his
bonds were reduced to $500. When the
case was called for trial he had disap
peared. Telegrams were sent all over the
country describing Barrick and offering
a reward for his arrest. The Yakima In
dians also offered a large reward. Bar
rick heard of these efforts and they
preyed upon his mind until he surrendered
himself a few days ago. He will return
without requisition papers and will find
his wife and three children almost pen
niless. - • .
Will Return to Stand Trial for the
Unprovoked Killing x>f a
Squaw in Yakima
County.
MURDERER GEORGE
BARRICK SURRENDERS
TO KANSAS OFFICERS
REDWOOD CITY. Jan. 4.— The mys
terious underground fire on the grounds
of the Spring Valley Water Company,
which was first noticed in- July last, con
tinues to burn with unabated vigor. Ten
or twelve days ago the water company
laid a one and a quarter inch water pipe
to the depression from which smoke has
been escaping since July, and notwith
ing that since then a stream of water
has been playing night and day upon the
spot, the volume of smoke escaping docs
not decrease. In fact, the water does not
seem to have the least effect.
Underground tire Yet Burning.
Races! Races! Races!
Overnight San Francisco prices, prob
able scratches, jockeys and other infor
mation of value. Correspondence solic
ited. Jackson & Co., 315 Ellis street, San
Francisco. •.-»;.- . . •.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 4.—
Secretary Clark, of Stanford University
made the following announcement this
afternoon: ..
"Stanford University announces, the
appointment of James Harris Curran,
A B.. 1892. and A. M. of Dickinson Col
lege and Ph. D. of Halle, 1900, a» acting
essistant professor of economics, to nil
the vacancy caused by the resignation of
Professor Aldrlch. He will take charge of
the course in elementary economics and
will give advanced courses In money
and social legislation. Professor Curran
comes from the faculty of Tome Institute,
an institution founded by Mr. Tome, a
financier of Maryland, at Port Deposit,
with which he has been connected since
1856. Prior to this time he waa a teacher
in the Hackettstown Seminary and in the
Law School of Dickinson College, from
which he has the degree of L.. L. B. Dr.
Curran spent two years In Germany, mak
ing ppecial studies in public finance under
Professor Friedburg, In economics under
Professor Conrad and in philosophy under
Professor Riehl. His legal thesis was on
"The Law Relating to Double Jeopardy'
and his doctor's, thesis was a study in
economic theory entitled, 'Die Haupt
theorien Francis A. Walker,' which has
been published.
"Dr. Curran has also published in
Conrad's Jahrbuch of Political Science a
study of American currency laws. He
has Just completed a translation, author
ized by the author, of the recent notable
work on public finance of Professor
Johann Conrad, which will be published
at an early date.
"Tome Institute, with which Dr. Cur
ran has been connected, is a young- insti
tution, with an endowment of $4,000,000 to
be devoted to general education. It is
as yet not fully orcanized, though work
has been going on for a number of years.
Its buildings, which are now in process of
erection, when completed will represent
an expenditure of $1,600,000. The institu
tion is under the ..presidency of Dr. James
C. Mackenzie and Dr. Curran is one of
the group of thoroughly trained students
of political science already chosen for the
institute."
Fourth race— Seven furlongs; Naglee Selling
Ptake:
(lES7)r»llie -Welthoff. 95(1577)The Pride 1CS
IIS" Ordnung 99j(l?36)Me»'hanuB 108
15S1 Grand Sachem. 87 1543 Pybarts 97
1S33 Sea Lion 100!(1574)Speclnc 103
IMS Lavator 97!
Fifth race— Mile and a sixteenth: Crescendo
Handicap:
i;79 The Fretter 113; 15S9 Rlnirmaster ... 85
<i:,S€)L«nnep 117i<1591)Batho« 104
(1574) Specific 106l 15SG Lady Med'some 9o
James Harris Curran Is Given the
TAKES THE PLACE
OF DR. ALDRICH ON
STANFORD FACULTY
Position of Acting Assist- K
¦ ant Professor of
Economics.
Sixth race— Mile and an eighth; four-year
olds and up; selling:
1SS3 Donator 106] 1549 Klckumbob 101
1583 Essence 104 (1534)The Bobby 101
1455 Expedient 101 1593 Morinel 104
1568 Lou Rey.... 109' 1507 Castake 1C6
Probable Winnera.
First race— Boundlee. Amasa, High Hoe.
Second race— Malay, Telamon, Saintly.
Third race — Dorine, Prestano, Sol LJchten
steln.
Fourth race— OnSnunp, Specific, The Pride.
Fifth race— Specific. Lady Meddlesome. Len
nep.
Sixth race — Morinel. Essence, The Bobby.
purte:
15TS Dortne 103 Dan Collins.
1578 Prcstano 100 V as sal-Moba.
1578 Evander 105 laska 110
.... Fannie Pomono . ch. g. by
I'lortst-Fanine Watercress-
WUlcushby ..110 HelenScratch.llO
.... Yankee Dune, Earl W. Fr*«
Yankee Doodle Knight- Mar
-Dame Mar- cella 113
gery 110 .... J. V. Klrby.
....Lento. Drum i BaB«etlaw-
Major-Bra- ! Teatro 110
vura 11J; Vlctoriu Belle.
.... Eol Lichten- I Torso-Marie
Btein US W 110
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— Representative
a..attuck of Ohio to-day introduced in an
amended form his resolution proposing a
Congressional Inquiry into the alleged
abridgement of the right of suffrage. The
resolution recites the right of representa
tion is denied in many of the States to
male citizens over 21 years old. In direct
violation of the fourteenth amendment to
the constitution and is an invatsion of the
rights and dignity of the House of Repre
sentatives.
The resolution further declares that
Massachusetts, Maine. Connecticut. Dela
ware. California, Louisiana, Mississippi.
North Carolina. South Carolina. Wyo
ming, Oregon and other States deny the
right to vote to certain male citizens of
full age, and that "such denial In certain
of the said States extends to more than
one-half of these, who, prior to the last
apportionment of representation, were en
titled to vote In such States."
The resolution calls for an Investigation
by a select committee of five chosen from
the Census Committee and a report within
twenty days with a bill "apportioning
membership In the House of Representa
tives based on the provisions of the four
teenth amendment to the constitution."
Declares the Right of Suf
frage Is Abridged in
Many State3.
MAKES CHARGES
OF FAVORITISM
William Moore Claims Big
Gamblers Are Protected .
in Seattle.
Special Disnatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Jan. 4.— The trial of William
Moore, which was commenced in the Po
lice Court here yesterday, promises to de
velop sensational facts connecting the
city administration — or at any rate sev
eral prominent city officials — ¦with the big
gambling syndicate which practically con
trols the games of chance operated in this
city. Moore was arrested by Police Cap-,
tain "Willard and charged with operating
a blackjack game in. the rear of a down
town saloon. Able counsel was engaged
for the defense and the flght already
shows startling developments. Among the
witnesses subpenaed to testify for the de
fense are Mayor Humes, Chief of Po
lice Meredith, Police Captain Wlllard and
other members of the force and every
member of the City Council. In addition,
the proprietors of four ' of the largest
gambling halls in the city are cited to
appear.
As described in recent dispatches to The
Call, gambling In every form is per
mitted in the larger resorts. Not only are
straight games operated, but every known
device for the neecing of the unwary is
tolerated.
Moore claims that his arrest was at the
instigation of leading gamblers, who re
sent any encroachment upon the field of
operations they have been permitted by
the city authorities to establish. The
hearing has made slow progress, as every
effort of the defense is concentrated to
develop the fact that. a combination of
big gamblers exists and is in league with
certain of the city officers. This course
of evidence was stubbornly fought by. the
City Attorney, most of whose objections
were supported by Police Judge Cann.
himself a city appointee and just now
seeking reappolntment from Mayor
Humes. . • . vit
Police Captain Willarif? was called to
the stand, and while not permitted to give
much testimony, he was subjected to a
personal excoriation by Moore's ¦ attor
ney, who demanded that Wlllard, jit the
arrest of Moore were in the interest of
morality, should forthwith arrest every
member of the gambling fraternity in the
city. It was' made evident that the city
officers will resist every effort to show
that they are protecting the big gamblers,
but Moore Is now after revenge, and while
he expects to be found guilty in the Po
lice Court, he will take the case to the
higher tribunals and give the city' ad
ministration and gambling combine an
airing.'
SHATTUCK ASKS
FOR INVESTIGATION
and use the old one exclusively for the fire
department.
STUDENTS ADDRESSED
BY JOHN R. MOTT
Noted Leader in Christian Work
Again a Speaker at Pacific
Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, Jan. 4.-The rain and
wind storm of last night have spoiled the
chance for any more intercollegiate ath-.
lctlc contests during the remaining time
of the convention of Pacific Coast stu
dents, b?:t notwithstanding the threaten
ing weather, all of the delegates who
were unable to take the cypress drive on
Tuesday drove over that famous road thla
afternoon.
The sessions were conducted in _ their
regular order to-day, beginning as usual
at 8 a. ni. with a lecture before the mis
sionary institute by George W. Leavitt
of New York. The two daily Bible classe »
were then conducted by E. T. Colton and
C. V. Hibbord. and at 10 o'clock the daily
public session was called to order by
Chairman Colton. The speaker of the
morning was John R. Mott. the cele
brated leader of Christian work among
college men throughout the world. His
theme was the "Worldwide Students'
Christian Movement." He described the
marvelous growth of this movement from
its inception to the present time and dem
onstrated its I peculiar < importance by
the well-known facts that practically
every movement of ancient or modern
times, whether making for good or evil,
has had Its beginning In the universities
and obtained its strongest support from
the students, and that a very large per
centage of men who govern the nations
of the worll r.re college graduates. •
The association conference to-day con
sidered the financial side ot work among
the students and at its close more than
$300 was raised among those present.
Committee and delegation meetings occu
pied the afternoon and the evening ses
sion was devoted to the "life work con
ference," which was addressed by all of
the secretaries present.
PBXSIDENT RECOMMENDS
MANY PROMOTIONS
Sends a List of Nominations to the
Senate for Confirma
tion.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.-The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate: 'v' : --;,
Nolen Chew of rhdiana. Deputy Auditor
for the Postomce. Department.
Cyrus F. Adams of Illinois. Assistant
Register of the Treasury.
To be brigadier generals in the volun
teer army: Colonel Samuel M. Whlteside.
Tenth Cavalry; Lieutenant Colonel James
R. Campbell. Thirtieth Infantry, United
States Volunteers; Major Charles Burd.
quartermaster, United States Army.
Postmaster: Oregon— C. J. Howard,
Cottage Grove.
Postmasters: California— William E.
Reading. Bodie; J. J. West, Willows; J.
H. Dungan, Woodland.
Navy— Commander J. J. -Hunker to be
captain: Lieutenant Commander C. K.
Curtis to be commander; Lieutenant J.
G. Quimby to be a lieutenant command
er; Surgeon W. A. McClurg to be a med
ical Inspector; First Lieutenant .H.' G.
Davis to be a captain in the marine corps.
Second lieutenants to be first lieuten
ants, Marine Corps — L. M. Hardin. R. M.
Cutts. H. C. Snyder. O. H. Rask. J. S.
Turrill. G. H. Mather. H. L. Roosevelt,
J. A. Halladay, M. Babb and H. C. Rois
lnjjer.
KANSAS AND MISSOTJBI
SHAKEN BY TEMBLORS
Lights Go Out and Frightened Citi
zens Flee From Their Dwellings
to the Streets.
NEVADA, Mo., Jan. 4.— A distinct earth
quake shock was felt here about 9:12
o'clock last night. The vibrations lasted
more than fifteen seconds and traveled
from northeast to southwest. News was
received to-day from El Dorado Springs
that the electric lights there were shaken
entirely out, leaving that place In dark
ness for nearly a minute. Several houses
had window panes broken. At- Appleton
City, Mo., every building was shaken, al
though no serious - damage | resulted.
At Pleesanton, Kan., one or two people
were thrown out of bed by the shock,
while hundreds ran to the streets in ter
ror. Buildings ¦ moved perceptibly and
some minor damage was done.
At Butler and Rich Hill; Mo., and at
several places in Bates County the shock,
which was preceded by a rumbling noise,
was 'plainly felt, but no serious damage
was reported. -s
Blamed for a Forest Fire.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 4.— The United
States Grand Jury made a partial report
this morning, returning four indictments,
only one of which has been made public.
This is an indictment against John Pjuck.
charged with having started a fire In the
San Bernardino forestry, reservation.
Bishop Wigger 111.
: NEW ' YORK. Jan. J.— Catholic Bishop
JViggeria seriously ill of pneumonia In
South Orange. N. J.. and the attending
physicnas have serious doubts of his r»
covery. alfftfMfl - ' •.
Embassador White Honored.
Jan. 4.— Andrew D. White, the
United States -Embassador here, has been
elected a member of the Berlin Academy
of 8cienco. . . ;
D~~- AN STUART slipped into town
yesterday afternoon from. Carson.
Nev., dropped in at the Palace..
engaged a room, took a bath and
slipped out again. Many of his
friends heard late in the afternoon that
the flght promoter had arrived and off
they rushed to greet him. They found him
not, fcr Stuart left as soon as he had fin
ished his toilet
DAN STUART. PROMOTER OF PRIZEFIGHTS, • WHO IS CREDITED
WITH BEING THE PRIME MOVER IN THE SCHEME TO ESTABLISH
- A STATE LOTTERY IN NEVADA.
B— — ETTTEEN eplashes of bllndln?
mud and an almost incessant
downpour of rain, the favorite
players at Oakland yesterday
were almost swamped. Four first
choices were mired and there was scarce
ly a chance to tell whether through bad
rides or not- If a horse got away from
the poet poorly and happened to have a
timid rider on his back, the wager was
lost then and there. The longest priced
¦winner of the afternoon was The Buf-.
Joon, which won the fourth event at odds
of 25 to 1, well ridden by Phelan.
The shortest priced one to reach the
¦wire first was Fred Foster'6 crack mud
lark Lennep. The Candlemas mare had
Bill Garrett and Gonfalon to beat and
tvent to the post T to 10. Gonfalon was
sever in it. but Bill made his usual game
bid for the long end of the coin. He did
•well, but there was no holding Lennep
when O'Connor shook her up a furlong
from the stand and she won by a length.
Harry Thatcher was passed about as a
certain winner of the first event, until it
really eeensed too good a thing. One or
two books were caught out of line and
laid ZT to 1 against Caesar's Young's geld
ing, though the market price was €. Every
thing turned out all rijrht. however.
Mounce beat the barrier with Thatcher,
ar.u In a drive at the finish led Buchanan
en Foul Play, the favorite, out half n
length. Orpheus, a 30 to 1 shot, ran third.
After some decidedly nervcus fluctuations
Alicia closed favorite over Key del Ban
didos for the first mile and seventy yard
telling run. O'Connor had the leg up on
the mare, and in front for the last six
furlongs downed Spike over a length.
Bandldoe made a poor showing, failing
to get any part of it.
Farther down on the card was another
event at the same distance with a field
of eight starting. Cyril at first had the
call, but ¦was. in no demand and went
back to 7 to 2. T?:^n there was a play
cn Mary Kinsella. making the mare equal
favorite with Cyril. At the start Phelan
skimmed away in the lead ajid never
headed, eplashed in over a length in ad
vance cf Sam Howard.
For son-.e reason or other everybody
eeem»d determined to beat Gibraltar, cne
of five starters for the fifth number over
elx furlor.g-s. Sam Hildreth/s big horse
openefi at 2, went to 4 and then went out
end made, a show cf his company. Mo
corito took the place from Prestidigita
tor, while Pompino, backed to favoritism,
ran fourth.
Once more the Schorr stable furnishe-J
f.t. even money choice, with the custom
ary result. Greenock came out in the
f.r.Rl eeven furlong run. and getting away
pocrly with Bul!man •was never in sight.
After leading- at the paddock. Casdale ¦was
r.osed out by Imp. Broartbrlm. an 8 to 1
thr.t nrpll rfi^pn hv Fi1/5!* .Tnnps
Track Notes.
The Naplee selling stake and the Cres
endo handicap are the features cf the
card this afternoon.
Caesar Young purchased Sea Lion from
Johnny Schorr yesterday.
Following are the weights for the TVin
ter hadlcap to be run at Tanforan Satur
day, January 26, cne and a fourth miles:
r»vonlu« ISSi Malar. 5 104
Tillo. a _ i:4l I^-K-ochee. 5 "04
Vwivlan, 4.... la^Tne Monk. 4 1\A
>>".vance Guard. 4...1I1; I^avator, 5 1C3
Title Jones. 6 US' Gauntlet. 5 10*
Zoroaeter. 8 US' Fcotch Plaid. 6 1C3
tir*yfe!d, 5 Il«i Specific. 4 VJ2
Pangror. S 115' Rolling Boer. 3 102
»r.drisa. 4 115: Sir Rolla. 6 102
F. W. Erode. 4 115 Sea Lion. 5 101
What-er-Ixni. a 114. Grwnock, 4 101
VulcaJn. 4 112 Lothian. 5 101
Th* Lftdr. 4 Ill: The Bobby. 4 101
Oonfalon, 4 Ill- Florlzar. 4 100'
Vjr.cltor. «. l'!> B<M Punch. S 1M
Autumn. 5 1C&, Owensboro. 4 W
Fam Pullen. 4 1C7! B*tho«. 4 9S
Mof.tanic. 4 10»i Mortnel. 6 97
Babbler. 6 IOC Mlthrlflates, S 35
rtr»ormonfle, 6 106: Beau Ormonfie. 3.... 35
Fcal^s. 4 106; El Mldo, I !£
Ft. Slmor.lan. « 105 MortgaJte. 4 M
Ftnr Chamber. 4 t&fcl Hard of Avon. I S2
.'"hn Baker, a lfS, Ljamaehus, 4 9»
T'.rrx Tenor. 6 1(4' My Gypey. 4 » 90
Precursor. 4 lCt' Jer.nle Reid, 5 90
Col. Roosevelt. 4... .11* EKonse. 3 S5
Forcero, S 1MI
T>ec!a.ra.tlons Sue on Frldar. January 25. at
12:15 r- rn. TVlnn<"r« of a ttake or handicap
•vrrrth ?1000 or more sifter the publication o!
veixhta to be penalized five pound*.
-Following are to-day's entries:
Firrt mr» — Futuritr course; three-rear-olda
mvA up; Felling:
£?• L«o«nond Wl 15S1 St. Wood K»
UI3 Florinel II l'fl 1ES4 Isa'.lne 101
i:« Fiatterer S4 1 1SS2 Matt Horm 103
3"« Billy L.yonB 9fl. J5S7 Tenny Belle 104
::T3 Amasa. 107; <U2T)Boundlee 1C3
]!'J I!!fh Hoe 1051 j-3 1 ) S'.mon D 107
?ppon<l race — Sevrn furlongs; thrle-year-oWs
r r..1 up; puree: .
:¦::*? Oreeaock in9'<iS3T)Te.|amon M
VZi MaJav 1W aSS?)Saintl)- 109
i:*2 Lont-llnesi 89:
Third race*— Three furlongs; two- rear-olds;
By IF 1 . E. 1s/CZJTLm^^CDJJI-,A.1^1D.
The public, especlaJly the. ring-going
part of it. Is most anxious to- know Just
what Dan Stuart Intends to do In the pro
motion of big fights. Well, they will
keep • guessing as far as Stuart is con
cerned. In nonchalant fashion he prom
ises th« best of everything. This Is much
unlike him. In 1897, when Stuart arranged
for the Fitzslmrr.ons-Corbett fight, he first
sent out a representative. The fight talk
of big Dan Stuart seems much like a veil
to cover some other gam© he has up hl3
sleeve.
During the brief time he was visible at
the Palace Stuart was approached and
asked If it were true that he had been in
Nevada in the Interest of the scheme for
a lottery to be legalized by State legisla
tive franchise.
This he denied, going back immediately
to the fight talk and all the great men ha
would bring out some time in May or
June. Enough nstic giants were enume
rated to nil a dozen rings with matches for
half a year. There was nobody of not©
quite out of it.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Jan- 4.— Jeffries
and Kuhlln may fight their battle In Kan
sas City Convention HalL This means
has been suggested as a way to raise the
funds required for the finishing of the In
terior decorations of the btg hall. The
suggestion has met with favor and al
ready a movement has been started which
may result In the Convention Hall Com
pany making a bid for the fight.
The local authorities are being sounded
as to whether there Is a law in the Stata"
which prohibits prizefighting. It la
thought that a permit for just one cham
pionship battle could be obtained. There
has never been any great trouble in pull
ing off bouts here in the past The bis
hall has been the scene of several fights.
and only once did the police Interfere and
then for political reasons.
A few months ago Jack Root pat Dan
Creedon out in one round before 5000 peo
ple during the week of the National Dem
ocratic Convention. Gardner and Santry
founght a twenty-round draw. These af
fairs were on the fake order and did more
to hurt the game than otherwise, but the
town Is ripe for a championship battle.
Something definite may be done thl3
week.
DAN STUART SLIPS INTO TOWN
AND VANISHES LIKE A SHADOW
MUDLARKS IN THEIR ELEMENT
AT THE TRACK OVER THE BAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, JANUARY V 5, 1801.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
O^gLAX-D RACETRACK. FRIDAY. j^^JAgY^— Weather showery. Track sloppy.
1S»4. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; four-year-olds; purse, *300.
|Po. I / Betting ¦ >
Index Horse and Weight. Pit St. H- %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op." HI. Cl. PI.. J
UTt Harry Thatcher.. 301 3 1 Th 1 H 1 H Th~ Mounco .... 5 S0~ fl ~2
*?l Foul Play Ill 7 4 2222 Hi 2 h Buchanan.. 8-5 11-8 11-5 4-5
"« ?. rp ?f u8 *H I « 7I *H 4h 8 2 Tullett 10 30 W 10
1552 Lrchln IIS 8 6 8 2 2 2 81 42 J. Woods... 4 9 8 8
ISB Kin;'- Pal 113 4 2 4 1 6 1 61 Si Jenkins ""i I 7 7 2
*tfl Hindoo Prlncee»..107 J «1 «1 61 6H Enos. 6 12 12 4
H2 i^tf^f* 11 "« «! 8 « 7h 76 O 1 Connor ... 8 7-2 3 7-5
l»5 ;Fille d'Or iu 2 3 6 1 7 2 8 8X Basslnger..| 10 30 20 10
""iUTT 70 \-. :i4: l V ri ' li *V last *• 1:03 - 4: Bhort *. 1^3H- Bad start. Won first three
driving YWnner. Caesar Younjr's b. g. by Imp. Pirate of Penzancc-Mlss Lexington. Win
ner off flying- Orpheus might have won with a good etart. Hindoo Princess showed no
S^ii* ».S^? re ?i, w^? S" npf<1 and had no chance at start. Scratched— Free Pass 111. Bag
dad 113, Artllla 111, Burdock 98.
1.-.95. SECOXD RACE-Mlle and, seventy yards; selling; four-year-olds and up; purae. 1350.
Ir.dexj Horse. Age. Welght.jPst St. K. H- Str. Fin. | Jockeys. ' Op. HI. Cl. PI.
JiS f 3™ % JS J 8 1H 21 4 5 2 ns Stuart 6 6-6 2
}-•* k^«"V.V 105 3 5 810 3H 3h 34 Mounce .... 8 4 4 7-5
&J R- d Bandldtx a.103 6 4 4h 4 2 Jh 4 4 Buchanan.. 8 8 1S-5
?Jd J £° S'^'T- '•• 1 ° 6 877 7 62 6 10 Enos -6 12 12 4
"^ f^t^' ! JS1 7 6 6b 66 7 «4 Basslnper .. 15 25 20 8
1..78 IMelkarth, g M ; ; ) 8 8 x g g B h ? j Woods.. 6 25 25 10
70 Z? T<i \ :W?i: % ' :24%: M»1 :«: %. l:17M: mile, 1:45; mile and 70 yards, 1:49. Fair
«art. on first three driving. Winner. P. Moore's eh. m. by Malcolm- Vinney. Alicia
was about the only one bet on. Tom Calvert almost left. Spike might have won with »
•strong rid-. Bcratched-GlenKaber 105, Rtxfonl 100, Llirella 103.
15i)0. THIRD RACB-Mlle and 60 yards; four-year-olds and up; puree, $400.
Index JHorea, Age. Weight. | Pet St. *4. %. 8tr. Fin. Jockeys, j Op. lll^CU PK
vS n^ P> 8 . - 109 2 ~ l Til TT~ 0'Conno~ T 1 7-10 U
h'« 5 U1 , G , arrett ' 4l -" 10C l 3 U l'i 2 10 2 15 Buchanan.. 2 16-5 16-5 S-5 !
1423 Gonfalon. 4 109 3 2 3 3 3 8 Bullman ... 8 7-2 7-2 7-10
Time— 50 yards. :03H: 14. :24; H. :50; 1:16: mile, 1:42; mile and CO yards. 1:43. Good start.
T\ on driving. Winner. Fred Foster's b. m. by imp. Candlemas- Wanton. I-ennep Is some
1S97. FOURTH RACE— Mile and 70 yards; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse. $S50.
!Po. { , Bettlnsr
Index Horse, Age. Weight. Pst St. %. H. Etr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Ci. PI.
XEO The Buffoon. 4. ..101) 43 21 mi2 11H Phelan 8 - .. 20 20~ 8
lM,i Sara Howard, 4..1C4 11 lh 21 24 22 Buchanan ..6 6 11-2 2
.... Charlotte M. a.. .104 87 6h 5h 86 85 Bacilnger .. 10 15 12 4
15.6 Monrovia, a 108! 65 82 88 46 42 Jenkins 6 6 5 2
1547 Mary Klnsella, 6.103 3SS 8 7264 Mounce .... 4 7-2 7-2 6-5
i:>47 Cyril. 6 107 22 4h 71 8 6 4 J. Woods.... 2 7-2 7-2 7-5
1^2 Acrobat. 6 105 C 6 76 62 6h 76 O'Connor ... 5 8 8 5-2
15S0 Fidel Youlln. 4..8S74 61 4h 61 8 J. Walsh.. .. 15 15 15 6
Time— 70 yards. :04*i: %. :25H: «4. :50'^ : %. l:l«»i: mile, 1:44V4; lm 70 yds, 1:431*. Good
start. AVcn cleverly. Second and third driving. Winner, H. J. Jones' b. g. by Fordham-
Georgla Klnney. Buffoon can stretch it out in slush. Charlotte closed well. "Mary Kin-
badly^CyrllEupposed to be good ; . but_h_l»_ showing did not Indicate such. v
13J>S. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
I = P°- i Betting ¦»
Index [Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. H- X- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
C573) IGIbraltar. 6 100! 2 2 11 13 11 1 2>4 Bullman ... 2 7^ TT «Ii
1539 Mocorito. 6 9S 1 1 21 31 2H 21 Buchanan ..6 6 6 2
15*7 Prertldigltator, 4. 90 6 6 4%5 82 31 J. 'W'alsh.... 6 7 7 J
1497 Pompino. 6 103 34 6 446 4 6 Mounce .... 6 5 12-5 7-H>
(1516) Jcrld, 5 96 4 8 8 2 2 4 4 1 6 Ransch 3 16-5 3 1
Time— M. :24; 4. :4S; %. 1:14. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner.
S. C. HUdreth's b. h. by Imp. Stonehedge-ChrmlFe. 'Winner possessed the class. Mocorito
¦ way flying, but outsprtnted. Jerid none too game. Pompino always cherry ripe at 15 to 1.
He was away badly.
l."»!>0. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three- j>ar-old» and up; purse. $350.
IPo-l , Betting
Index ; Horso, Age. "Weight. I Pst St. H- %• Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi, Cl. PI.
i:72 llrrp. Br'dbrlm. 5.113 7 I 4 4 6 4 6 ... 1 Us E. Jones..... 5^ 8^ 8 5^S
3275 'Casdale, 6 109 6|52h 21 ... 24 Enos 10 10 8 3
IS71 Dunfree. 8 94 9 13 3 2 14 ... 3 4. Ransch 6 10 8 3
ir« 'Greenock. 4 MS 4 10 6 1 6 ... 4 H Bullman ... 6-5 6-5 1 1-2
1553 1st. Rica. 3 101 10 9 8 H 7 ... 6 2 Mounce 3 15 12 4
1541 iDarlene. 3 89 11 6 2 8 ... 6 2 Redfern 15 100 100 40
VXk Game Warden, 3. ?5 3 2 7 4 6 ... 7 1 W. Burke... IS 60 60 15
lt&4 (Alleviate. 6 107 8 6 1 h % h ... 8 Bassln^er ..5983.
1.-63 ICambaceres. 3.... SS 2 8 10 9 ... 9 Buchanan .. 8 15 15 6
14S1 'Mao- Alice. 3 89 6 | 7 9 10 ... 10 J. T. Woods 30 60 60 20
Time— 4. :13; %, :S7; %. 1:03; Ti. 1:30. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner, Broad
meade Farm's blk. h. by Brcadmeade-Marcelle. Long delay and 'several breakaways at
poet. Jones outflnlshed Enos. Oreenock away poorly. He did not have much speed any
way. Scratched— Prejudice 107. Dunboy 109. •
V
5
B AS E B A L L, SH O OT I N G , S W I M MI N G * WINTER SPORTS
'ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOW DO YOU DO?
Glad to see you any time, whether you
have a laundry order or complaint for us.
Sounds queer, doesn't It. asking you to
make complaints about our laundry work;
but we all make mistakes and here wo
rectify them when told about them. We
will call for and deliver goods in any part
of San Francisco, free of charge.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts if
you order it.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Strest
Telephone- South 42O. '
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
DR.MEYERS&CO, JPS!%
Specialists, Disease 2iS^" 1 '
and weakness cf cSjc>
men. .Established J?Sf *^Stj£$$\
1SS1. Consultation Wfft "s&PT&f
and private 'book vSt>. XaA
free, at office or by iBir* jMJffiwj
mail. Cures guar- Wvi'k^Jr^ll^
anteed. 7:M Mar-
ket street (elevator .
entrance). San a\^!<$2s*2u^^
Francisco.
5n Hoffmanettes Rn
» Cigar, ««¦
THE H1LSON CQ. Makers. N. Y.
XAU. SADLIH * CO., Dutribaters. Sin f r»nei»:o.
4% ¦ ¦ ¦ | 4% Laflln it Rand Waterproof
I 18 I Kit." Smokeless I'owder, in buik
1.38 nl * nd l° a^ed »n shell*. Sen, I
9 ¦! Iflv^ for catalogue of sporttntc
Uyiiy' *ooo>. GEO. W. SHRIVE
™ - .^ 733 Market itrnt
A great two-step by Eduard
Strauss, the waltz king, will
b* given , free with next Sun-
day's Call. This is a gem— do
not fail to get it.The storm of wind and rain of Thursday ni^ht
fnund San Francisco laboring under one of the pe
culiarly ferious disadvantages which have been created
by his Highness the Mayor. It was a "new charter
moonlight night," and under black and raging skies
the street lamps of the city were not lit
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends
633 Market street. Palace Hotel building •
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st Telepnone Main 1042. •
The Eskimos of Alaska mak« water
proof boots and shirts of the skin of tha
salmon.
Gas Consumers' Association. 344 Pout at., re
duces iras bills from 20 to 40 per cent Gas and
electric meters tested. Electrical department.
All kinds of electric work promptly attended tot"
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
When a man is under a woman's thumb
he thanks heaven that it is not her whole
hand.— New York Commercial Advertise-.
"Hadn't we better grive the Janitor his
presents the day before?"
"What for?"
"So he'll let us have plenty of heat for
our Christmas* party."— Chicago Record.
Dashaway— Here comes Cawkerley. He
says that you and he were thrown togeth
er quite h. good deal last summer.
Clever ton— Yes. We were both en
gaged to the same girl.— Detroit Free
Press.
Lo«s of hair, which often mars the prettiest
face, prevented by Parker's Hair Balsam.
Htndercorns. the beat cure for corns. 15 eta.
Choice candles, Town.«<end'9.Pa!ac« Hotel.*
WASHINGTON, Jan. *.— J. G. Conrad
and wife and "W. Curlett are at the Ra
leiKh; J. McMullen and L. Weynerd are
at the Shoreham— all from San Francisco;
W. D. Thurston and wife of Los Angeles
are at the National.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
f-^iEPRESENTATIVE GLYNN of New York
I- — S has revived an old and much discussed issue by
a bill providing for changing the date of in
auguration from March 4 to some day in April or
May. It will be remembered Senator Hoar introduced
a similar bill in 1898 and it was favorably recom
mended by the Senate Committee on Privileges and
Elections, but never got any further. Nearly every
one in Washington approves the proposition, for
early March is always an inclement season in that
locality, and serious inconveniences attend inaugura
tion ceremonies on' account of the weather.
While no one can have any strong objection to the
plan, it is not likely to be carried so long as it stands
alone. A considerable force is necessary in a country
so conservative as ours to amend the constitution,
and a mere proposal'to change the date of inaugura
tion is too slight to arouse the interest required to
effect it. The weather in Washington is not a matter
that appeals to the country at large. It may be dis
agreeable to be inaugurated in March, but no one has
ever been known to decline the Presidency on that
account. Consequently so long as the change is
suggested in a bill by itself it will hardly be able to
command the required votes in Congress and in the
State Legislatures to make it successful.
There would be a. better chance- if it were united
with other reforms of a similar character. One of
these is the date of thc meeting of Congress. At the
present time the terms of Congress and of the Presi
dent do not harmonize very well. Cleveland has
pointed out that fact in his recent statement "that of
the four sessions of Congress held during a Presi
dential term two are so brief as to scarcely permit the
passage of necessary appropriation bills, while of the
others one occurs when the President is usually
strange in his new office and burdened with importu
nities and labors inseparable from a change of admin
istration, and the remaining one encounters during
its continuance the interruptions, timidity and .de
moralization of a Presidential and Congressional can
vass. These conditions suggest the scant opportunity
allowed for the initiation and adoption of new and im
portant remedial legislation during a single Presiden
tial term." ,'
Cleveland advises an extension of the Presidential
term to get rid of the difficulty, but it is doubtful if at
the present time the people would consent to, such a
constitutional change. There would, hpwever, be
but little objection to a plan which would fix the
date of inauguration early in May and have Congress
meet at the same time, so that all preliminary work
could be disposed of before the summer* holiday?.
There would then be two long winter terms for
each Congress in which to transact business. Such a
plan would at any rate offer the people something
more than a mere weather problem, and therefore
would be more likely to arouse the interest necessary
to its passage.
THE INAUGURATION DATE.
IN an address to the recent meeting of the Waters
and Forests Society Mr. William H. Mills called
attention to the waste of timber in the cutting of
young trees for Christmas trees. " In the cities of this
State a great many thousands of fine, straight and
beautiful sugar pines and redwoods are destroyed
every year for that purpose. The final value of each
tree, when ripe for the ax and at its full maturity,
would be, at present prices, about $30. At the fu
ture price that it would bear at maturity its value
would probably be double that. So the present gener
ation, to gratify a sentimental custom, is robbing a
future generation of S6c in every tree that it destroys
for this purpose, to contribute to the pleasures of an
hour.
Mr. J. Sterling Morton of Nebraska, the founder of
Arbor day in this country, and one of the most intel
ligent dendrologists in the world, says that: "For
Christmas trees this year Maine shipped out four
hundred carloads of young evergreens. Each car con
tained two hundred bundles and each bundle six beau
tiful trees, which fifty years hence would become use
ful lumber for human homes and their embellishment.
Four hundred times two hundred bundles of six trees
each in a half century would make lumber enough to
build hundreds of commodious cottages. The four
hundred carloads of Christmas trees from Maine ag
gregate four hundred and eighty thousand trees. This
i^rt of extravagant idolatry of a custom which does
l:ttle good and much harm ought to be abolished."
It is evident that the summer fires are not the only
destructive agency that is eating up our forests.
The children of the present, in a holiday pleasur*,
r.re taking shelter away from the children of the fu
ture.
At the rate of ten full-grown trees per acre, ths
timber crop was destroyed on 48.000 acres in Maine
for the supply of one year. With no increase in the
rate of destruction, that means the stripping of two
million four hundred thousand acres of their forest in
the next fifty years for thc same purpose. This cus
tom comes to u« from Northern Europe, and is prob
ably the survival and destructive transformation of
finit old custom of the Druids. They, however.
treated the forests a? their temples and did not kill a
tree to serve as a sacrifice on the altar of their adora
tion of a sylvan deity. . .
Down to us, through the ages, comes a gentle voice,
crying, Consider the lilies, how they grow, and He
r.oteth the fall of a sparrow. In this State, when we
destroy the forests we are killing the lily and hushing
the. song of the bird. We axe so disturbing the
equilibrium of nature &s to replace the garden with the
desert. We are robbing the future of its heritage and
sre going contrary to every sentiment for which
Christmas stands. It it not then rather desecration
than consecration of that day to butcher trees and
bring them into the circle of its associations?
¦ We believe it is Hans Christian Andersen who has
¦written the fable of the Christmas tree. It ought to he
in thf school readers and have a place in the literature
of forestry. The fabulist was familiar with the forests
of the north. \V e do not know that the motive of hii
fable was their rescue from this Christmas day slaugh
ter, but one who has read it will hardly be able to cat
i Christmas tree or use one without a sense of guilt
snd a feeling of shame.
COSTLY CHRISTMAS TREES
BRITISH comments upon the prospects of the
new century were not so buoyant and cheerful
as those expressed .in this country. It would
hardly be accurate to call them pessimistic, but cer-
I tainly they evinced none of the hearty optimism that
j prevails here. From 6uch reports of them as come
i to us they appear to have been in the main serious
j and thoughtful discussions of the conditions of thc
I empire, dealing more with the evils of the time than
! with probable benefits to come.
In nearly all of these discussions much attention
was given to the trade and commerce of Great Brit
ain and to the keen competition of the United States.
It is known that American manufacturers are fuf
i nishing goods not only for India, Africa and other
British colonies, but for the people of Great Britain
i itself, and the question that perplexes the leaders of
: that country is that of the effect such competition will
have in depressing British industry and weakening
the empire.
It will be remembered that several authorities on
the Continent have attributed our success in invading
i the European market with manufactured goods to
j the economic advantages we possess in the way of
cheap and abundant coal, and raw materials of all
kinds. These authorities have suggested the organi-
I zation of a concert of Europe to establish a general
I tariff for the purpose of shutting out American
products. The British press has not taken that view
of the subject. It attributes our success mainly to th»
'• possession of superior machinery and more energetic
l men, and argues that we are surpassing all rivals in
the industrial field by the simple plan of doing more
efficient work.
A writer for the London Times says: "The choice
given to youth is the chief secret of the amazing en
terprise exhibited by the American steel trada
during the last dozen years," and by way of proving
I the assertion adds* that in this country "at the head
j of great affairs are young men., Youth gets there a
position which is supposed here to belong to long
experience. Men of thirty control concerns which.
here would seem to be the prerogative of men of
fifty."
Youthful energy, however, is not sufficient in itself
to account for our superiority, and in commenting
upon the statements made by its correspondent tht
Times adds, editorially: "In an analysis of ths
causes at work advene to England something should
be' said of the great Intelligence and real put into ai
fairs by the American man of business. He takes his
pleasure in what he is doing and is not afraid to ad
mit that he is in pork or in grain if the fact be so.
He is curious as to all that affects his business, and
he is open to new ideas in a way which is unusual with
u$. 'What has succeeded in the past will not succeed
in the future' is a working maxim with the best men
of business, who are ready to throw their experience
as well as their antiquated machinery on the scrap
heap."
Another factor-in the problem is set forth by thi
London Spectator in the assertion that not only are
mr captains of industry more efficient than those in
Great Britain, but that the rank and file of the work
ers are better. It is asserted that under the influence
of trades unions in the United Kingdom the British
workingmen do not exert themselves "to render an
honest equivalent for their wages." The Spectator
adds: "We believe if a deputation of British trad-s
unionists of the best type were to visit America and
conduct a thorough investigation of trade conditions
there they would return convinced that their duty to
their countrymen in .future "would be best discharged
by encouraging the universal practice of the best and
hardest work compatible with health during recog
nized working hours."
It is to be noted-both papers close with the declara
tion that there are signs, of better things to come.
The Tirr.es says. the younger business men of the
country are taking more interest in their work and
are breaking away from the conservatism of the past;
while the Spectator believes the . workingmen" will
learn the folly of doing as little instead of as much
work as possible, and that hereafter they will be more
OUR LEADERS fIND WORKERS
It would be interesting to know whether it was wit,
whiskj'. or buffoonery' that suggested to Martin Kelly
the idea of making his candidate for Speaker of the
Assembly a chief executive of California. Kelly
should remember that there are some indignities to
which the people of the State will not submit, even
if they have been guilty of tolerating him.
Dr. Louis Frary of lone is at the Cali
fornia.
J. G. Loveren of Eureka is at the
Grand.
James F. Peck, a Merced attorney, is
at the Lick.
William Daniels, a Denver banker, is
at the Palace.
Senator A. E. Nutt of San Diego is reg
istered at the Grand.
Colonel John T. Harrington of Colusa
is at the Occidental.
W. H. Hennage, a Bakersfleld oil man.
is registered at the Russ.
Professor J. A. Bentley of Stanford
University is at the California.
Allan J. Fraser and J. W. Bowen, Los
Angeles oil men, are at the Occidental,
A. P. Adams, a Fresno vlneyardlst. is
stopping at the Grand for a few days.
William A. Junker, manager of the Del
Monte Hotel at Monterey, is at the
Palace.
Hoyt Sherman, general agent of the
Union Pacific at Salt Lake City. Is at the
Occidental.
William Watson, a hotel man at Spo
kane, Wash., who has been at Bartlett
Springs for his health, is at the Russ with
his family.
George F. Richardson, master of trans
portation of the Southern Pacific. " has
been absent from his office several dayj
en account of illness.
T. M. Schumacher, general freight agent
of the Union Pacific, has gone on a bus
iness and pleasure trip to Salt Lake, Chi
cago and other Eastern cities.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A POSTMASTER'S iUGHTB.—N., Win
ters, Cal. Under the law governing Post
masters, a Postmaster is not required to
take the word of any one that a package
delivered to him for, transmission as
fourth-class matter does not contain mat
ter chargeable as first class matter. Th*
law which give* him the light to examine
packages Is as follows: ¦¦<¦¦„> . ¦
"371. Articles of fcurth-class matter
must be so wrapped that their contents
may be. easily and thoroughly examined
bv Postmasters, both with reference
the safety of the mails and postal em
ploye?, and to the exclusion *of matter
chargeable as first-class matter."
-If a "package other ¦' than first-class, of
fered for mailing to , any nddress wlthJu
the. United States, is scaled or otherwise
clpsed apaln&t inspection, or bears writipg
not permissible by law", It In subject to
postage at letter rales, and will be treat
ed as a letter. - -¦
COIN QUESTIONS— H. E., Oakland and
many others. No premium la offered for
a five-dollar piece of 1S19 or of 1844. There
is no premium on such coins Issued after
1834. ...
The^e Is no premium for. half-dollars of
1806. 1818. 1S37 and ~ 1839.' "A half-dollar of
1836 with "E Plurlbus Unum" on the re
verse commands a premium of from 25
cents to Jl 25.
No premium Is offered for quarters of
1834. Ib61 or 1877.
A dime of 1S35 does not command a pre
mium. itv—Jri ,i
A three-cent piece commands a pre
mium of from 25 to 50 cents: one of 1873
commands from 20 to 35 cents, while one of
1874 does not command a premium.
A copper cent of 1829 is not a premium
coin.
STREET ETIQUETTE— A. M. t City.
When a gentleman meets a lady with
whom he is but slightly acquainted, he
should wait until she gives a sign of rec
ognition. If she fall to do so he should
pass on. Should she bow the gentleman
should raise his hat and slightly bow. If
both are well acquainted either may give
a sign of recognition.
SNOW BLOCKADE.— W. C. H.. City.
The snow blockade that interrupted traf
fic for a long time on the Central Pacific
and California and Oregon railroads was
in January. 1890. The trains that left this
State January 15. 16 and 17 were caught in
the snows and held thtie for several days.
The storm commenced January 4 and
lasted two weeks. The blockade was near
Emigrant Gap.
SOLDIER OF THE CIVIL WAR— W.
T. P.. City. A soldier of 'the civil war
who served not less than ninety days and
who was honorably discharged, ,is en
titled to enter upon and receive patent
for a quantity of public lands not ex
ceeding 160 acres. To ascertain if there
is any land in California which such a
soldier can take up at this time, com
municate with the land officers, of the
State.
OLD AMERICAN COIN— A. C. M., San
Jose, Cal. Th© description of the Massa
chusetts coin of 1652 Is lacking a material
point In order to fix Its value. There were
four different types of XII pence issued
that year, each with a tree— one with an
oak and the other three with a pine, but
each pine different On the shape of the
tree 'depends the value. If a rubbing of
the coin, both sides, is sent to this depart
ment, with self addressed and stamped
envelope, an answer will be sent telling
where such may be disposed of, also the
price offered.
SPANISH COINS— P. W. G.. Los Gatos.
The coins described in letter of inquiry
are Spanish coins. Dealers do not want
any Spanish coins of the value of 14, 1, 2,
4 and 8 reales, even though they date back
200 years. The oblong coin is not suffi
ciently described to be able to determine
what it is.
ASSISTANT LIBRARIAN— A. R., Sui
sun, Cal. To be an assistant librarian a
person must have had some training in
a library, must have a good knowledge
of books and authors and must be up
with current literature.' Such a person
should have a general knowledge of book
keeping.
APPRENTICE AT MARE ISLAND— H.
A. B., Squaw Valley, Cal. For the purpose
of ascertaining if there is ah opportunity
to place a boy In the. Government employ
at Mare Island a party should communi
cate with the recorder of the Board of
Labor Employment at that place. No boy
under 14 years of age need apply.
ELECTRIC MOTOR— K. M.. City. If,
by the question In relation to electric mo
tors, you mean motors used to move street
cars, then the answer is that in 1SS1 Sie
mens exhibited in Berlin a tramway car
moved by an electric motor. In the same
year a beginning was made of a railway
for cars to be propelled by electricity in
Portrush, Ireland.
PREMIUM COINS— A. C. M., San Jose,
Cal. There is a premium for cents of the
United States for Issue of each year from
1793 to 1S14, inclusive, 1S21, 1S23 and 1857. and
for twenty-cent pieces of 1S77 and 1S78.
AN OLD BILL— E. J. F., Livermore,
Cal. A one-dollar bill issued by the Rome
Exchange Bank of New York, November
1, 1S52, Is worth Just what any one would
be willing to pay for it who desired it as
a curiosity. A half-dime of 1S54 does not
command a premium from dealers.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
GOULD— C. L. P., Stockton, Cal. For
address of Helen Gould see this depart
ment, December 26.
TEN THOUSAND A YEAR— P. W. G..
Los Gatos, Cal. The work of fiction enti
tled "Ten Thousand a Year" has no extra
ordinary market value. It may be had in
the circulating libraries.
UNDER THE CAPTION, "HASTENING THE INEVITABLE," THE ST.
LOUIS GLOBE-DEMOCRAT PICTURES THE PRESENT PLIGHT OF
THE DEMOCRACY ON A SEA OF TROUBLES.
PUBLIC MONEY AND THE BflNKS.
ECRETARY GAGE in a recent address to the
bankers of Ntw York suggested that the Gov
ernment impose an interest charge on deposits
of public money in national banks. He is
quoted as saying that in looking over the records of
the Treasury Department he had found that the sur
plus over and above a fair working balance averaged
$56,000,000 during the past thirty-two years. Had the
money been placed with the banks at 2 per cent the
Government would be $32,000,000 better off than it is.
The suggestion brings up an issue which ought to
have been settled long ago. Periodically there is an
outbreak of denunciation of the practice of depositing
money with "pet banks." Charges of offenses of that
kind have been made ?.gainst every administration for
at least twenty years. In no instance has a serious
scandalbeen fastened on any Secretary of the Treas
ury, and yet each of them one after another in select
ing banks to receive the Government deposits has un
questionably chosen banks whose officials were
friendly to the administration. Out of these recurring
charges there has repeatedly arisen a demand that
Congress devise some means of putting an end to the
practice, and yet up to this time nothing has been
done.
The statement of Secretary Gage as to the amount
of money available for such deposits shows how vast
is the ffevor the Government has it in its power to
bestow, and so long as that power continues there
will be always more or less talk about "pet banks,"
and more or less suspicion that the deposits arc
granted in return for political favors. A surplus
which has averaged $50,000,000 for so long a period is
certainly one that "should be dealt with upon some
plan fixed by law, and should not be ltft to' the dis
posal of the Secretary of the Treasury, no matter
how honest he may be:
It is to the credit of our statesmen that despite thc
large sums they have in this way to deposit with such
tanks as they choose not one of them has ever been
so much as suspected of making a personal profit
out of it The utmost that has ever been charged
even in political campaigns is that they have made
the deposits in return for contributions to campaign
funds, and those charges have never had the least
verification. The evil of the situation, then, is not due
to any wrongdoing on the part of any official, but to
the system itself. It should not be left to the option of
any man to determine where so large a sum is to be
deposited, or when it is to be withdrawn.
It is for the financiers of the Government to decide
what plan should be adopted to remedy the evil. The
suggestion that interest be" charged is a good ont,
for that would be at least an improvement upon thc
present system. To lend $50,000,000 at 2 per cent in
terest would not be so great a favor as to make a de
posit of that amount without interest at all, but even
that would not wholly satisfy the demands of the pub
lic. What is desired is a system of handling surplus
money in the treasury in such a*way that there will be
no more talk about pet banks, and it is strange Con
gress has so long delayed in enacting one.
SATURDAY JANUARY 5, 1901
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
kllnn ill Cczsccitttitu t« W. 8. LEAKS, Kastgu.
*ltV4t:i"H*S OKFICE/ . Telephone Pr*«» 2O4
?C^BMLICATlOXoirK/CE ... Market mud Third. S. I*.
Telephome Prrii 201.
miTORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 SteTfBion St.
Telephone Preu 202.
DelWered hy Orrl«*r«, 15 Cents Per Week.
Stnri* Coplra. S Cent*.
TVi-mx by Mali. Inrlndlne Poitavet
SATT-T CAL.I, <-ItK-luain» FnrSty), one year $«.«
DAILY CALL. <lnclufi}nr Sunday), < months I.M
DAILT CALL (including Sunday). I months l.M
DAILT CALL— By Elnrie Month «<?
fCKDAT CALL. On» Year :..„....................... 1.68
WEEKLY CALU Od« Year l.M
All postmaster* nre Authorized to receive
subscription'.
6ampl» copies will be forwarded when requested.
Ut!l rolwrrH»TT In ordering* chance of «dare«i should •>•
particular to rlv« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to juror* a prcnipt and correct compliance with their request.
UAKUM1 OFFICE 1118 Drotdwtr
C GCORGO KROGXESS.
Kieirtr Ferr.rr A£rtrtisi&g. Mtrftttttt Building, Cfcieirt,
¦ Lore Dl«taoc« Telephone "Central Ml*.")
•CEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAHLTON Herald Square
NETT TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
kTEPHES B. SMITH SO Tribune Itallillnc
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Wa!dcrf-A*torl* Hotel; A. Brwitano, H Union 8qnv«:
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS 6TANTW:
Fherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASniJtCTOS <D. C> OFFICES. . . . 1400 O St.. Tf. W.
MORTON E. t HAM:. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— <27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
matt} ? !' o'clock. tOO Hayes, open until *:M o'clock. £33
UcAlMcter. open until »:J0 o'clock. €15 Larkin. open until
I:SO o'clock. IMl illation, op?n until 13 o'clock. ET«1 Market,
corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1CS8 Valencia, open
until * o'clock. 306 Eleventh, open until S o'clock. NW. cor
ner Tw»nty-f^on4 and Kentucky, open until J o'clock.
Woman's Christian Temperance Union of
New York affirms that kissing Is intoxi
cating and therefore prohibits It. If
Professor Loeb can demonstrate th© In
correctness of the Demorest theory he
¦will be regarded as a benefactor. He con.
in all probability, find a number of heroic;
youths and maidens in the coeducational
institution with which he Is connected
who, in the interests of sciences will be
willing to perform the experiment while
the professor tabulates the results.—Chi
cago Dally News.
She Can't Stop It
In. an address before the Demorest
Union of the New York Woman's Chris
tian Temperance Union, Mrs. Anna Hat
field sounded a note of warning against
the kiss. She ventured the opinion that
a kissing Is about tho worst thing that
can happen to a young girl, provided the
kisser is a young mart The doctor has
been Investigating and finds that the
amount of hugging and kissing the daugh
ters of our best families submit to la a
menace to our national morality. One
young man has tola the good doctor that
he rarely leaves a young lady without
kissing her good night, and when he has
been about to omit the" ceremony some of
them have Insisted upon it. A young
man who /will kiss and tell will lie about
it, and the good doctor should vit placs
implicit confidence In the stories auch
young men tell her: nevertheless, the
older we grow the more we axe inclined
to believe there Is entirely too much oscu
lation among the young folks. Years
ago It was different.— Minneapolis Times.
Is Kissing Intoxicating?
Professor I>oeb of the University of
Chicago, whose theory seems to Indicate
that salt is the elixir of life and quickener
of heart action, should investigate the
action of kissing and Its effect upon that
ddicate organ, the heart. The Demorest
break, all of whom have been sentenced
for terms, varying, according to the re
sponsibllitv of each, from thirty days* in
the workhouse to five years in the peni
tentiary. Fourteen cases remain to be
tried and similar results are expected
from them.— Pittsburg Dispatch.
Ideal Journalism.
As for being "without fear," It Is one
thing to be judiciously brave and quita
another to play the part of a bull In a
china shop. "A newspaper that will lead
public opinion" i.« a noble thing, provided
it leads opinion nobly. It may be no. less
a leader and yet may debauch public opin
ion. We suppose there is no paper of any
importance that do^s not lead opinion In
some extent. Xelther is there any that
does not to some extent consult and re
flect public opinion. The newspaper
should not be a senile follower. Xelther,
in these days of wide reading and Infer
mation, is It priggishly to pose as an In
fallible dictator.— New York Tribune.
Discouraging Kidnapers.
There la a strong' likelihood that tha
kidnaping industry will become distinctly
unpopular after the various States have
legislated on the question. The point for
consideration is whether the child steal
ers should be treated to hanging, life im
prisonment or something in the nature of
boiling oil.— New York Mall and Express.
A Fair Test.
To Judge a man by the surest test. tak«
he*d how he Judges others. One ever
ready to charge his fellows with dishonor,
deceit, and. much more, the smaller,
meaner demerits, must have something ot
these demerits in him. Lacking them, ha
may more often be deceived, but he la a
better man— he marks a higher notch !n
human nature.— New York Evening Sun.
Science IMspladng Nature.
If this thing keeps on nature might as
well resign and let man run the universe.
Mention was made in this column recent
ly of the plan to dispel London fogs with
Buncotton. and now It appears that la
France they really have succeeded in
breaking up a hailstorm which threat
ened the vineyards and turned it Into a
beneficial shower by cannonading th.
clou.la which held the Icy missiles.—
Brooklyn Standard-Union.
A Wise Precaution.
The Cramps are long-headed In demand
ing $500,000 cash In advance from the Sul
tan before laying down the keel of a new
warship for his Worshipful Highness of
Constantinople. Thp Providence Journal
recalls that the Pnvitlencv Ton! Company,
which made Martini-Henry rifles for Tur
key long apo. waited many years for Its
money. Abdul Hamid ran beat Becky
Sharp Crawley In living magnificently on
nothing a year.— Springfield Dally Repub
lican.
How to Stop Lynching.
It is due to Akron. Ohio, to say that,
while it was disgraced by the lynching
riot of last August, it has set an example
to the country of the -way to redeem such,
a disgrace. Twenty-two men have been
tried for participation in the mob out-
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
vigorous competitors in the industrial . struggle.
Whether these sanguine hopes are to be fulfilled re
mains to be seen. The point of satisfaction to us is
the recognition in Europe that at the beginning of the
century we lead the world not only in resources but
in the industrial capacity of our workers of every
grade. : r- • -r' ¦" - "
THE Republican party of this State will render
to itself and the State a conspicuous service by
enucleating Nucleus Kelly.; In politics he is a
contractor. His contract with candidates is never a
nudum pactum. He never forgets the consideration.
A Republican House does not want to begin busi
ness by selecting a broker.
The coolness with which Kelly assumes that the
country member* arc so little equipped for their duty
and so little qualified for the office they hold that in
| the discharge of its very first function, the organiza
• tion of the House, they wait for his cue, is an insult
to their intelligence as Republicans and men.
They know their duty; they are picked men, se
lected by the communities they represent because their
neighbors saw in them fitness and adaptation to the
honorable office they fill, and they will not inscribe
their record with incompetency by acknowledging
I their dependence upon a "nucleus" churned into form
by Martin Kelly.
The Call believes them qualified and capable and
would insult them by assuming to the contrary. We
have no candidate for the Speakership, nor for any
other office in this State nor under the sun. We have
no desire except to maintain the decency and dignity
of the Republican party and increase thereby its power
as an instrument for the public good.
Does any one pretend that Nucleus Kelly repre
sents its decency o.- its dignity, its worth, or its power
for the public welfare?
If he is to own the Speaker and the House, we shall
insist that in the next campaign he shall go upon the
stump in behalf of his property interest in the party.
We shall insist that the constituents of the country
r'embers shall 6ee this maker of combinations
|and nuclei, that they may note his impressive pres
i ence. his dignified bearing, his culture, and the pro
i fundity of his knowledge of public issues and party
principles!
J To send out trained students of affairs to represent
Republicanism to the people, to discuss principles,
• avow the high purpose of the party and so secure a
vast majority for its ticket, and then turn over all of
its power to this low-browed boss, is to play a confi
j dence game on the public We desire to rescue the
j party from such a situation. If it is not done, then we
I insist that this squat and warty political toad, the
idol of a debased push in this city, shall be exhibited
to the State as the real leader of the party, representa-
I tive of its character, and the beneficiary of its power.
NUCLEUS KELLY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, JANUARY 5, 1901.
A "RAFT" OF TROUBLE.
A few days ago the dispatches announced that an
American gjrl was about to be married to a former
king.- Our European friends should, certainly not
forget that we have as little use for effete monarchs
as we have for effete monarchies, and even our girl3
cannot be persuaded to accept that which is bogus.
Federal authorities have decided emphatically and
finally that the Chinese ring organized for the impor
tation of coolies will not be permitted to make out of
the Chinese. Bureau a bureau of perjury. A little
judicious admonition to, the Pacific Mail would com
plete a. very worthy decision.
In this city a child four years old and hopelessly a
victim to drugs and liquors has been brought to the
notice of the authorities. Men whose art it is to in
fure the breeding of good animals are able to tell us
yet that their craft is greater than that which should
breed good human beings.
6
Ey P. TTatk! en- Tfc'.e day. at 18 o'clock. Horse* and Car-
r!a£*s. at 1106 Golden Gate avenue.
By S. Wat lu n* — Monday. January 7. at 11 o'clock. R«d
Front Ptables, at corner Sixteenth and Guerrero streets.
AUCTION BALES.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orrhroin — V.nfierCI^
Grm.nfl Or^rs.-hous* — "Nell Gwya."
A 1 hair.bra— ' ¦ f hpr.anfioaiu"
A'.'-siar— ">>>!! Gwynn*."
Colombia — "Tti+ B<?!le of IC.w York."
Tivoll— ••Ctn<Jwl!a_"
Or.tral Thpater— "The Heart of Maryland."
Csllforria— StrauFs' Orchestra.
Olj-tr.r'.a. corner Maj>rn and E-dSy rtrwts— Specialties.
Chute*. Zoo and Theat«^-Vaudevllle every afternoon and
Fischer* •— Vau<5*vil!e.
Metrorlitan T«>ir.r>:e— ner.sche! ReclUis, Taesday. Feb. 6.
C&hforr.ia Jockey CTub (Oakland)— Races.
1 ARE WE TO 1
HAVE AN EPIDEMIC
§=H OF KIDNAPING? §§H§
zmmmnnz pinkerton6ay6"yes.» # nzmz^zzizi
————----—--—-- 6EY.MOUR 6AY8 " NO." "H~ZIIII~I
THE SUNDAY CALL
JANUARY 6, 19O1.
A San Francisco Free With Next
Violinist Relates Sunday's Call—
His Experiences iEEEEE Eduard Strauss*
as "Fiddler" to ==£ Best Two-Step.
.New York's 400. rMtt
— — . i — bvhday How to Flirt With
CALL
The Biggest ssr a Pan -
Game Heads and *£¦ _ . ._ .„
Skins "° r 6top y of thc K^g
You Ever Saw. "'*" °* CattIe Kln £«-
' Do Yo« Know Him?
i^ i^ ¦— *
¦¦"*.-¦ ')
Ropes of Pearls i Peck's Bad Boy
for Corsage and J Arrives in New
Coiffure. | York.
new series MR. BOWSER'S TRIBULATIONS.
OF - ¦¦ BY C. B. LEWIS.*
X^nv-—— THE WIDOW MAGOOGIN PAPERS.
STORIES. BY JOHN J. JENNINGS.* The will of the late Joseph P. L* Count
was filed for probate yesterday. Decedent
bequeaths ' his entire estate to his widow.
Ella Le Count. Decedent's estate la
valued at $42,800 and consists of real prop,
erty, stocks and bonds.
Joseph Le Count's Will.
American republic, where there exists per
fect equality of political privilege and per
fect freedom of speech, and where, with
every man eligible for the highest office,
every man is to some extent a politician
or at least a critic, there must naturally
be an abundance of political satire.
America from the very first has been ex
ceedingly prolific in this variety of humor.
Office-holders and lawmakers have been
regarded as legitimate prey, and nave
ever been unmercifully lampooned and
satirized. Even the President must en
dure a continuous fire of . criticism and
eatlre and caricature.
American political satire In Its modern
form originated with Seba Smith, who in
January, 1S30, began a series of letters to
the Portland Courier under the pseudo
nym of .Major Jack Downing. A bitter
struggle was in progress In the Maine
Legislature, the forces were equally divid
ed and each claimed to have elected its
Governor. Smith, who was '• then editor
of the Courier, conceived the truly Tankeo
Idea of reviewing the situation at frequent
intervals from the standpoint of a shrewd
but unsophisticated country boy, who has
come to town fresh from the backwoods
with a load of axhandles, cheese, "apple
sass" and "footings," and who stumbles
quite Innocently into the heated Legisla
ture. His homely lette*^ to his Uncle
Joshua, a rural politician of great zeal.
and to his Cousin Ephralm, and the let
ters in return from all nls relatives, are
full of real fun, of shrewd common sense
and skillful characterization. The letters,
though of a local nature, were soon wide
ly read and widely copied.
At this point the series was taken up by
a young New York author, Charles Augus
tus Davis, and carried far beyond the or
iginal Intention of Smith. Davis enriched
the character of Jack Downing and added
new elements of fun.
The young politician. Downing, became
at once a national figure. He Is nomin
ated for Governor of Main*, but. notwith
standing that he polls the entire vote of
Downingville, Is overwhelmingly defeat
ed. His candidacy, however, has mads
him known, and he now aspires to na
tional honors. Hearing that several of
Jackson's Cabinet have resigned, he starts
post haste for Washington.
"I think," he writes his uncle, "It's the
duty of all true republlkans that have th«
good of the country at heart to taka hold
and help the President along In these try
ing difficulties. For my part, I am per
fectly willing to take one of the offices,
and I hope some other good men will come
right forward and take the others. What
a shame 'twas that them are Secretaries
should all clear out and leave the poor
old general to do all the work alone. Why,
uncle, they had no more patriotism than
your old hoss."
But on his arrival the President declared
"that they had got him into such a hobble
about them are offices that he couldn't
give me on© of 'em if h© was to die." But
he secured for him a captaincy in th©
army and sent him to fight the British in
the Aroostook war. After a glorious and
bloodless campaign he returns to Wash
ington, becomes confidential adviser to
the President, helps mightily with his
counsel during the nullification difficulty
and the struggle with the national banks,
and later plunges with vigor Into the
Mexican war, which he lights up marvel
ously with his luminous correspondence
from the front. During the rest of his
career until Just before the opening of
the civil war he is ever at th© storm can
ter of national politics.
These letters, published complete in 1859
under the title "My Thirty Years Out of
the Senate," ara running over with home
ly wisdom, with shrewd observation, with
comlo incident and Illustration. No satires
were ever more popular. Political parti
sans forgot their hostility and Joined to
gether in good-humored laughter over the
shrewd speculations and grotesque adven
tures of Major Jack Downing. Nothing
grows stale more quickly than satire, yet
these homely letters, with their broad
; studies of human nature and their care
; ful characterizations, are still fresn and
readable. Uncle Joshua, for illustration,
in an argument with the major estimates
' that in -1851 there were twenty political
parties north of Mason and Dixon's line.
" '"Weil, now,' says Uncle Joshua, 'how do
you euDpose we are going to work to make a
President, with all these parties in the field,
flghtln'' cross-handed and every which wayT
" 'I'm sure I can't see,' says I. 'unless we
can get up a party that will surround the whole
of 'em. as the Irish corporal surrounded the
half a dozen prisoners.'
" 'What do you think of Mr. Oalhoun's plan.'
said Uncle Joshua, 'that's laid down in his
works. Just published?'
-" "What" * that?' says I. "I don't think Tv*
heard of it.'
" 'Well, says he, *he recommends to choose
two Presidents, one for the North and one for
the South — each side of Mason and Dixon's
line; and no law of Consreos to become a law
till it is signed by both Presidents. How think
you it will work?*
" 'Well, I guess,' Bays I. If the country de
pended upon laws to lire on it would starve to
death vs sure as the ass between two bundles
of hay.'
"At that Cousin Nabby ipok* nn. and says
she: 'Mora like the country would be like a
bundle of hay between two asses, and would
get eat up pretty quirk.'
"Uncle Joshua, says he, looking veiy sober.
'Come, come, Nabby, you hush up; what do
you know about polities?* Thereupon he be
gins to expound with vigor Calhoun'a proposi
tion. - • '
"Uncle Joshua laid his pip* down, and I see
that he was In arnest. and Aunt Kezlah laid
i her nit tin" down, for ah* se« he waa in arnest,
too."
The followers of Seba Smith have been
well nigh countless. The most prominent
have doubtless been Robert H. Newell,
who was prominent during the Civil War
period under the pseudonym "Orpheus C.
Kerr." and David Ross Locke, who was
widely known during th© war and the
reconstruction era under th© pseudonym
"Petroleum V. Nasby." The latest prom
inent member of this group Is our own
Mr. Dooley.
» "Naaby" was flouTrtlees th© greatest
newspaper satirist that America has yet
produced, yet he deserves not the same
consideration as Seba Smith/ since in
reality he took up the pen that Smith laid
down. There is more of the merely comlo.
more of horseplay and straining after
effect in "Nasby" than in "Jack Down
ing." "Nasby" is represented as being an
Illiterate Kentucky backwoodsman who
poses as a reformer and as an "office
seeker." His ' spelling Is grotesque, his
morals are exceedingly questionable, he
stands for all that is sordid and low In
American politics. In his shameful po
litical Ideals, which h© exposed with un
blushing: candor; In his selfishness and
sensuality and unscrupulous schemes he
brought to light the more latent evils of
American politics, and his influence was
considerable. He was a reformer on the
principle laid down by Pope, that "vie*),
to be Dated, needs but to be seen." Lin
coln and many of his counselors delighted
in Nasby, and all classes of readers in
the North read him with great glee.
There is not the human touch, th©
shrewd characterization, th© careful study
of personality in "Nasby" that there is in
"Jack Downing." There is more clown
lahness and more rant. Tak». for Instance,
his letter written durlnjr th© agitation In
Congree* of nefrro suffrage:
"Th* die Is cast! The gnilloteen he* fallen]
I am . r.o longer postmaster at Confedrlt X
Roads, wlch Is In the State uv Kentucky. Tho
place wlch knowed me wunst will know me no
mors fcre-rer: the paper wlch I>e«kln Poaram
take* will be handed oat by a nt*r*»r: a nig
ger will hev the openln' uv letters addressed to
parties wsldln' hereahonta. contalnln* remit
tance*: a nigger will have the riflln' or letters
idrnt to "lottry managers and extraetln* the
sweets therefrom: a nlejrer will be— but I
couldn't dwell upon the dlsgustln* them* no
longer."
There is a deeper satire in Nasby than
in Jack Downing. "In him." says Rich
ardson,"w se* vicious and low political
"motives stripped of their pretense*, and
therefore we recognize a figure that points
a moral as well as raises a l.iueh. Nasny.
in a very different field, resemble* Low^n
in piercing to the heart of sham and mak
ing that heart reveal Its own baseness."
Thus naturally we come to Lowell, the
rreatest of American satirists, and one of
the few undisputed American humorists
of the first rank.
LoweU> prreat contribution to th* lit
erature of political satire wa« the "Blir
low Papers." the first neries of which w*»
directed against the Mexican war and the
second series of which was aimed at slav
ery and th© Issues brought forth by th©
civil war. The paper*, which are written
in ver««». are represented as being the po
etic product of a crude country lad of the
Under a government like that ' of the
FRED LEWIS PATTEE,
Pennsylvania State College.*
Or, again, when the wind blew through
the crannies and holes caused by the
shrinking lumber and
The home at night wa* fall of pounds.
Thumps, bumps, creak*, scratching*, rap*— till.
"Zounds t"
Cried Knott. "this goe* beyond all bounds.
I do not deal In tongue* and Bounds."
So full was Lowell of wit and fun that
It bubbled out even In his most serious
pieces of literary criticism. Who would
expect to laugh qver a scholarly review
of the poetry and the influence of the po*t
Gower? Yet note how the genial critic
handles his verse:
Oower baa positively raised tedtousnes* to tha
precision of a science, he has made dullness an
heirloom for the studenta of our literary his
tory. As you allp to and fro on the frozen
levels of his verse. wh!ch give no foothold to
the mind, aa your nervous ear awalta the In
evitable recurrence of his rhyme, regularly
pertinacious aa th* tick of an eight-day clock,
and reminding you of Wordsworth's
"Once more th* ass did lengthen out
The hard, dry see-saw of his horrible bray.**
Tou learn to dread, almost to respect, th*
powers of this indefatigable man. H* is ths
undertaker of thm fair medieval legend. • • •
Our literature had to lie by and recruit for
more than four centuries before It could glv»
us an equal vacuity In Tupper.
Who but Lowell can make the dry ami
learned field of literary criticism a prov
ince of the humorous and the witty?
Lowell is predominatingly a satirist and
a wit. Much of his laughable work is
from the head rather than the heart, but
he was nevertheless a true humorist. Ha
waa full of sympathy and human kind
ness; ha knew l&tlmattly human nature
and human life, and despite his frequent
sarcasm he wu never bitter nor pessimis
tic save in the presence of positive evil.
Genuine love of humanity breathes » from
even the fiercest of hi3 "Blglow Papers."
and In many of the* poef s minor lyrics
it rises to true pathos. Had Lowell writ
ten nothing but "The Courtin' " he would
still rank as a great humorist. There can
be no mort fitting close for a study of hU
peculiar typ« of humor, with its trutn
to nature. Its perfect natoraJness, Its ten
<lerne«9, its wit, its beauty, than a few
stanzas from this perfect lyric:
Zekle erep' up quit* unbeknown
An' peoked In thru the winder.
And tfcer* aot Huldy all alon*
'Ith no on* nigh to hinder.
Agin th* ohtmbley erook-neck* hTing.
An" In amongst 'em rusted
Tbe el* aueen'a arm that Ora.n'ther Totmff;
Fetched back from Conoord busted.
The wry room, oos ace waa In.
Seemed warm from floor to cetlta*.
And she looked fuU es rosy again
Ea the apple* aa* wu peeun*.
8b* h*«r«d a. foot, tad kaowed !t ta,
A raspin' on tse ecraper.
All ways to onea her (eelln's flew
Uk* sparks In burnt up paper.
He kind o" l'itered en ths mat
Some donbtful o' tha tekle.
His heart kept goin' pity-pat.
But her" a went pity Zelde.
Re stood a *p«U on one foot tvnt
Then stood a epell on f other.
An' on the on* he felt to* wnat
He oouldn't ha' told ye. nuUier.
Say* ha, "Td better can agtn";
Say* *he. "Think likely, mister."
Thet last word pricked him Ilk* a pia.
An'— wal, h* up an' klat her.
When ma . btme by upoa 'em slip*
Huldy sot pale as ashes.
All kin' o' amlly roun' th* lip*
An' tear? roan' th* laahes.
Then her red come back 'like the tM*
Down to the Bay o* Pundy.
An* all I know la they wus cried
In meetin' corse nex' Sunday.
Jack Downing variety, and the humor Is
heightened by the learned comments of
the erudite Parson Wilbur and the broad
fun of the clownish Sawtn. „* .-
The series, after its learned Introduction
by Parson Wilbur, Is opened by a letter
from the father of Hosea Blglow to the
editor of the Boston Courier.
Our HoMa, wu down to Boston laurt weak.
and be »»••» a. cruet! n sarjunt a-struttln' round
aa popler as a hen with 1 chicking-, with 2
fellers a drummln' and flfln' arter nlm Ilk*
all cater. The sarjunt he thorn Hoeta hedn't
»ut his t teeth cut. • • • Wai. Hoaca. ke
com home coosidrrabal rtl«<l. and arter r<J
gone to bed I heorn Him a-thrasblss rcmnd
like a •hort-tallad Bull In fll-tlm*. Th« old
Woman aea iho to me, ies she, ZeU*. ces the,
our Ho«««'a rut the chollery or authln' anuther.
ses she. don't you Bee ekeered. aes I. he's
cn T a-makln' pottery, sea 1. he's oU«rs on hand
at that ere business like I>a and Martin, and
ahur* enuf. cum mornln', Hosy h» cum down
etarea full chlzzle. bare on eend and cots tails
flyln', and sot rite off to reed hla raraea to
Parson Wilbur, bein* he hain't aney grate
shows o* book lamln' hlmsei;. bimeby he cum
back and aed the parson was drefn> tickled
with 'em aa 1 hoop yoa will be. and said they
wua True frit.
This Is good fan, as Is much of tha
poem that follows. Such stanzas as this
are a simple mixture of the merely cooaio
with shrewd Yankee wisdom:
Jest eo horn* and ask oar Ka&ay
'Whether I'd be seen a cooe«
Bz to Jlne ye— guess you'd fancy
The etarnal bane was loose!
She wants me fer home consumptlfltv
Let alone tha hay's to mow—
Kf you're arter folks o* gumption.
You're a darned long row to to*.
But mingled with tho fun are bnrsts of
true humor. One does not have to read
far to realize that the author of these
rollicking verses was deeply stirred; that
his heart was full for his suffering fellow
men; that he was putting a message that
was to make mankind better and wiser
and more gentle Into a homely dress that
it mignt reach a wider area of humanity.
It is Lowell himself who speaks In stan
zas like these;
E* fer war, Z «•«?! It nrar&sr—
There, you hev it plain and fiat!
I don't want to go no furder
Than my Testyment fer that;
God aei aed ao plump and fairtj;
If a es lone ez It la broad.
An' you'va gut to git up airly
Etf yon want to take in God.
"Taint y.our eppyletts an' feather*
Mak* the thing a grain more right;
'Taint a-foUerin* your bell-wether*
Will excuse ye in Hla sight.
El you take a ewonl an' dror It.
An' go stick a feller thru.
Guv'ment ain't to answer fer it
God' 11 send th* bill to you. .
1 These papers, with their wonderful
wealth of humor In all of its phases, are
the hlg-hwater marks of American polit
ical satire. "No speech, no plea." says
George William Curtis, "no appeal waa
comparable in popular and permanent ef
fort with this pitiless twnpest of fire and
hall, in tha form of wit. argument, satire,
knowledge, insight, learning, common
sense and patriotism. It wa* humor of
tho purest strain, but humor In deadly
earnest In its course, as In that of a
cyclone. It swept all before it— the press.
the church, criticism, scholarship— and It
bore resistles»ly down upon tha Mexican
war, the pleas for slavear, the> congres
sional debates."
As a wit and a punster Lowell has had
no American equal save Holmes. His
"Fable for Critics" Is a mixture of rolliclc-
Jn*r fun. of puns and laughable rhymes
and sound criticism. In his poem, *'The
Unhappy Lot of Mr. Knott/ T h» shows
himself the equal of Hood as a wit and a
punster. Pun* in every form, half-con
cealed, boldly prominenC unheard-of com
binations, often seemingly unpremeditated
and spontaneous, confront th© reader In
every stanza, Mr. Knott would build a
house In the "two-door style," and thus
ha soliloquizes:
A pocket-roll of rocks 'twoald take
To build a house of freestone,
But then it Is not bard to make
What nowadays is the stone;
The canning painter in a trie*
Tour houses outside pe trifles.
And people think it very gneiss
Without inquiring deeper;
My money never shall be thrown
Away on such a deal of stone,
When stone of deal are cheaper.
He was not wholly satisfied, after his
house was completed, to find that
Tempests, with petrifio ahock
So to speak, made it really rock.
Interstate Commission Sug
gests' Many Important
Changes.
COMMERCE LAW
IS INADEQUATE
WASHINGTON, Jan. 1— The fourteenth
annual report of the Interstate Commerce
Commission was a«nt to . Congrross to
day.
Attention Is called by the commlssloo
to the necessity for further legislation
amending the act to regulate commerce,
the reasons for urging these amendments
having been carefully explained in pre
vious reports. Knowledge of present con
ditions and tendencies, It says, increases
rather than lessens th» necessity for
legislative action . on the lines already
Indicated and In such other directions aa
will furnish an adequate and workable
statute for the regulation of commerce
among the several state*.
"It is evident," the report says, "that
railroad managers generally have made
no. attempt to conform their practices to
the spirit of the law. p They may keep
within its letter and succeed In avoiding
Its penalties, but they claim that they are
virtually compelled to counteract its aim
and evade Its observance. Thus it hap
pens that some of the most Important and
useful - incidents of . railway service are
maintained by methods wnich ax© believed
to be inharmonious with, if not In actual
violation of, the Federal statute. This Is
more than the question of pooling con
tracts between rival carriers— It is the
question - of such agreements as . relate
to classification, terminal charges and the
like— concerning -'which uniformity, cer
tainty . and stability are of . manifest
benefit and convenience to the public.
"Under th« conditions ¦ now existing . It
is inevitable that frequent discriminations
should occur and endless acts of injustice
be committed. : Theoretically It ¦ is pos
sible for each road to observe Its pub
lished schedule* in every particular, but
this in many cases must be done. If don*
at all, only at the loss of needed traffic,
unless all rival roads with, equal strict
ness and honesty conform in like manner
to their published .rates. The idea of
public regulation implies .certain stand
ards of correct conduct to which all car»
riers should conform. ' It also implies
some measure of supervision and control
over those subject to Its requirements; -to
the end that those standards may be ob
served- and practices made to conform
thereto.' Thiis, without doubt. Is Incon
sistent to some degree at least with ac
tual and' constant competition as ' that
term is commonly. understood. . .
"The policy now pursued cannot and
will not prevent an outcome of vicious dis
crimination. And what .13 , most unfor
tunate of all, « those discriminations favor
the few and place ; the many at a disad
vantage,- They aid the strong, who hava
no need of assistance, and heap the weak
with burdens which,- by comparisons, are
always unjust and often destructive.
RECEIVES BOX
OF DYNAMITE
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— For five hours
to-day the Senate discussed the army re
organization bill. The debate took a wide
range at times, but was confined prin
cipally to the necessity for the Increase in
the regular army proppsed in the pend
ing measure. The Philippine question was
threshed over at great length, but few
really r.ew points were advanced.
Some slight progress was made toward
the completion of the pending measure.
Jones of Arkansas offered a resolution
directing the Committee on Military Af
fairs to inquire upon what alleged facts
the charges against Major Heistand of
the United States army by Erastus L.
Hawkes are based, and report to the Sen
ate. He said the charges made by Hawkes
against Major Heistand were matters of
common knowledge to newspaper readers.
An army officer had been removed because
of some "alleged bad conduct. The charges
indicated that the army officer who re
mained in the service was as guilty as
he who was removed. If so, he ought to
be removed, too. The resolution was re
ferred to the Committee on Military Af
fairs.
The resolution offered "by Pettlgyew call
ing for information with reference to the
Philippines was referred to the Commit
tee on the Philippines, after a speech by
Pettigrew, who said the President main
tained there was no war in the Philip
pines. The military committee declared
that war existed there and that at least
tiO.OOO men would be required to suppress
the rebellion.
"As the President and the military com
mittee disagree," eaid Pettigrew, "it
stems to me we ought to have the facts
before we create an army of 100,000 men."
He hoped the resolution would not be
sent to "that graveyard, the Philippine
Committee," but it was so referred.
Another of Pettigrew's resolutions, call
ing upon the President for information
as to ihe necessity for an increase in the
strength of the army, was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The army bill was then taken up, and
Carter asked unanimous consent that the
unobjected committee amendments in the
bill be considered and passed upon.
Pettigrew objected, declaring that as his
efforts to obtain information irom the reg
ular channels had been thwarted, he pro
posed to have time to obtain it In some
other way.
Wellington of Maryland demanded to
knew the intention of the administration
with reference to the Philippine Islands.
If it was to force an annexation of the
Philippines, then a large army would be
necessary. He declared the country had
been assured at the beginning of the Phil
ippine trouble that it could be put down in
hve or six weeks, yet the situation was
worse than ever.
"Those people cannot be put down,"
declared Wellington. "Is it the purpose
of the administration to deprive them of
self-government? If so, 1 am opposed
to any such infamy."
Carter said the pith of Wellington's
question was that the administration, to
ratisfy him, must declare its present and
future policy with respect to the Philip
pints. "The Senator can consult the rec
ord of Congress for an answer to his
question," said Carter. The President has
no authority to decide what shall be done
with the Philippines. The moment the
treaty of peace was ratified, that moment
it became the supreme law of the land. If
the President had refused to maintain the
sovereignty of the United States there, he
would have laid himself liable to impeach
ment."
"Has he not already given up sover
eignty over a portion of Alaska?" Inquired
Wellington.
Carter replied that what the President
had done as to the Alaskan boundary
had been accomplished through a modus
Vivendi, a purely temporary arrangement.
"It is nevertheless a fact," declared
Wellington, "that territory over which we
had undisputed sovereignty has been
abandoned. The British ttag has been
raised over it. That is the fact."
Carter— That is the alleged fact only.
Wellington, continuing, said the Alas
kan boundary was distinctly marked by
stones and the territory acquired by tho
United States from Russia was clearly
the territory of the United States. He
said that if the President should be Im
peached if he relinquished territory In the
Philippines, he should likewise be im
peached for relinquishing sovereignty In
Alaska.
"Dou you approve of the relinquishment
of territory in Alaska?" inquired Carter.
"I do not," replied Mr. Wellington.
Carter— Then do you approve of a re
linquifhment of the Philippines?
Wellington— That is quite a different
matter.
Carter declared it was the Intention of
the United States to maintain the laws in
Illinois Attorney Has Nar
row Escape From
Death.
ST. LOUTS, Jan. ?.— A special to the
Poet-Dispatch from Paris, 111., says:
Thomas J. Coffman, an attorney reald
lne at Hume, narrowly escaped being
blown to atoms with' an Infernal machine
cent through the mail to-day. The box
was of wood with a sliding: lid. It con
tained a pound stick of dynamite and sev
eral match heads, which, however, failed
to Ignite and explode tho charge when
the box was opened.
Two thlcknessea of heavy brown paper
covered the box, which was addressed to
Dr. Sylvester Coffman, Hume, I1L, a
brother of the lawyer, who opened the
mall. The inner surface of .the box of
the lid was studded with tacks, so ar
ranged that they would scratch tho match
hfads. and there was also a slip of sand
paper fixed so that it would be drawn
ever them if the tacks failed to do their
work.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
American Political Wits and Satirists
From Seba Smith to the
Present Day.
Lively Debate in House on
Enfranchisement of
Negroes.
SUFFRAGE BILL
IS RECOMMITTED
WASHrNGTON, Jan. 4.— Th« House to
day had another, spirited struggle over
the Olmstead resolution to Investigate tba
abridgment of the suffrage In certain
Southern States with a view to reappor
tlcnment upon the actual basis of suf
frage. It was finally referred to the cen
sus committee, where the opposition de
sired it to go originally. Some of the
Republican leaders were not In sympathy
with the resolution. Olmstead tried to
get Hopkins to agree that the committee
would consider the resolution' within a
week, but the chairman of the census
committee declined to make any pledge
to that effect. The debate upon the reso
lution was marked by exceeding frank
ness. Some of the Southern members
avowed that the attempt to enfranchise
the negro had been a lamentable failure,
and the action of certain States in legally
eliminating the blacks as factors at the
polls, they said, was in the Interest of civ
ilian tion and progress. After the resolu
tion had been disposed of the rcapportlon
ment bill was taken up. An attempt to
agree upon a time for the final vote on
the bill .failed, although the general
opinion is that the debate will conclude
early next week.
Dalzell of Pennsylvania called the
House to order to-day In the absence of
Speaker Henderson, who was detained at
his home by a severe cold which he con
tracted while in New York, during the
holidays. Immediately after the ap
proval of the journal half a dozen mem
bers were on their feet .demanding recog
nition. Among them was Olmstead, who
yesterday created a stir by offering the
resolution to instruct the commltte on
census to investigate the alleged abridg
ment of the right to vote in several South
ern States. But the Speaker pro tern, first
recognized Lacey of Iowa, who presented
a privileged resolution asking the Presi
dent to return a minor bill in which there
was a clerical error. It waa adopted.
Burton of Ohio presented the river and
harbor bill. In order to clear the way for
Olmstead, Graff of Illlonis, chairman of
the Committee on Claims, after stating
that it was apparent that no claims could
be considered to-day (this being ths day
set apart under the rules for their con
sideration), asked unanimous consent to
pass the regular order for to-day until
next week.
Swanson of Virginia objected. . The
Speaker pro tem. was then about to recog
nize Olmstead' when Underwood of Ala
bama headed him off with the point of no
quorum. The House was counted and
there were only 142 members in the hall.
Under tho operation of the automatic rule
the Speaker was about to direct a call of
the House when Underwood interposed
with a motion to adjourn, and the fili
bustering was on. The vote was taken
by ayes and noes. The motion to adjourn
was defeated— 65 to 103. Th* Speaker pro
tem. held that the pending question was
the vote on the question of consideration
raised against the Olmstead resolution
yesterday. During the previous rollcall
the leaders on both sides had conferred
and an agreement had been reached that
the resolution should be recommitted.
Richardson, the minority leader, formally
proposed that this course be followed.
Olmstead replied that he would consider
the preposition after the House had voted
to consider the resolution.
"I may say," said he, "that it had been
my intention to follow » the course sug
gested by the gentleman from Tennes
see."
"Why not do so now and save time?"
asked Richardson.
But Olmstead insisted upon a vote on
the question of consideration and the roll
was called.
The House voted, 103 to 91, to consider
the resolution, whereupon Richardson
moved to recommit the resolution to the
Census Committee. Upon Richardson's
motion Olmstead demanded the previous
question and notwithstanding some dila
tory tactics by the Democrats, with as
sistance from several Republicans, the
previous question was ordered, 92 to 88.
•Underwood of Alabama made a warm
speech in opposition to the resolution. He
hoped, he said, that such a resolution
would not appear in the House. The real
purpose of the fourteenth amendment had
been to enfranchise the negro. It had
failed. The fifteenth amendment had been
successful for a time, but in the end it
had proved a lamentable failure. Both
amendments had been mistakes not only
to the Democratic but to the Republican
party. The time had come, now after the
bitterness of the war was over, when tho
people of the South in fairness and Jus
tice to themselves and the negro race
were trying not to oppress the negro race,
but only to protect themselves and their
property against maladministration. He
admonished his friends from the North
that they did not live among the negroes
and did not understand the problem.
"We of the South," said he, addressing
the House, "are trying to serve it faith
fully to both races, and I appeal to you
if you are in favor of upbuilding the
negro race, if you are in favor of pro
tecting the investments which the North
has sent there, to send this resolution
to a committee and let it die there."
Williams of Mississippi said that of re
cent years some of the people of th«
South had listened to the siren voice of
the North that sectionalism was dead.
"There is no man who loves American
civilization," said he, "who is not glad in
his heart that by constitutional and legal
methods— analogous to those adopted in
Massachusetts, Rhode Island and other
States — the South has solved this trouble
some and almost unsolvable problem."
Olmstead, the author of the resolution
said he did not want the resolution to
die and would move Its reference to the
Census • Committee, if th© chairman of
that committee would agree to call the
committee together to consider It within
on© week. 1
Chairman Hopkins said ! he was not In
the mood to make a bargain to-day, but
assured Olmstead that his committee
would do lta duty.
Olmstead then made the motion to refer
and it was carried without division.
Hopkins Immediately called up the re
apportionment bill and opened the debate
In a careful explanation of his bill. H«
stated that the majority of the Census
Committee favored keeping the member
ship ¦ down to the present .' number, 357.
from considerations of economy and in
telligent legislation.
Bhafroth of Colorado wanted Hopkins
to explain how It was that Colorado
would gain one Representative under the
system adopted If the total number waa
356 or 358, but would not if it was 357
¦ Hopkins replied that the fact was called
years ago the "Alabama paradox." No
system, he Bald, would deal out exact
Justice to every State. The membership
wa« arbitrarily fixed. at 357. which made
the . basis of representation - 208,868. Di
viding the population of the States by this
divisor, 335 members were assigned. The
other 22 were assigned to those havinc
the largest majqr fractions.
The States which were opposing . th!s
bill, he eald, ; were those which lost Rep
resentatives under its operations. He
claimed . that the bill of the . minority
showed ; favoritism, to Nebraska and
Maine, each of which would lose one Rep
resentative under the basis of the figures
prepared by. the director of the census,
or a House of 856 members. Those two
members. , he eald. were - deliberately
filched by the Burleigh bill from New
York and Pennsylvania. , He declared that
a ' more unfair bill i was never presented
to the ¦ House : than \ that fathered by the
gentleman from; Maine . (Burleigh).
The Burleigh bill, he paid, gave Maine
a Representative . for each 173,617 inhabi
tants. If this ratio were taken in New
York, Pennsylvania and Illinois, New
York would have five, Pennsylvania three
and : Illinois • three ' more Representatives
than the bill allows them.
Shafroth of Colorado followed, citing
the case, of Colorado, which would get an
acltional members if the House was to
consist -of . 256 to 358. but would • lose the
additional member at 857," to show that the
system upon ¦'- which the bill was predi
cated was run Just.' ¦v.-.-'
At B o'clock tho House ad Journed.
Southern Members Declare That
Blacks Are Kept From the Folia
in the Interest of Civ-
SENATORS ATTACK
THE ADMINISTRATION
Debate on Army Bill Calls Forth Bitter
Denunciation of Philippine
THE SAI FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 5, 1901. •
7
the Philippines, to restore order and tc
protect property. Beyond that principle
Congress would determine what the ulti
mate disposition of the islands would be.
Teller of Colorado sharply criticized the
pending measure as an entering wedge for
a large standing army. "You will want
not 100,000 men," he declared, "but you
will want 200,000, and you will want them
for a hundred years. This measure Is not
intended merely to meet an emergency,
but to fix upon the country a great stand
ing army."
Teller said It would be easily possible to
pass a bill in forty-eight hours that would
provide for an army of 100,000 men or 200,
000 men for service In the Philippines, pro
vided it was made to apply to purely
emergency service and for a dcllnite lim
ited time. He attacked the Philippine
Commission now In Manila for legislating
for those in whom they had no Interest.
"The Czar of Rusfela," said he, "Is an
absolute Czar. He has a council of sixty
men who sit with him, but these men are
Russians,. They have the sympathy and
ambitions of Russians. But these Ameri
cans in the Philippines are strangers to
the' country and to the people. Under the
law they have a right to be there, but
under God's law, which Is higher, they
have no place there at all. Their actions
are the worst form of imperialism."
Caffery inquired whether in the circum
stances Teller would vote to maintain
i the authority of the United States in the
Philippines.
"As Mr. Lincoln announced in regard to
the Mexican War," replied the Colorado
Senator, "a war that he did not believe
in, he would vote for such a force as the
Government needed. So I have no doubt
that as long as our flag floats in the Phil
ippine archipelago I will (reluctant as 1
may be) vote to maintain the army and
the Hag there. If that is illotdcal. it is
illogical because there is no better way
out of it."
Proctor Eald he thought the Colorado
Senator was under a misapprehension as
to what the army bill proposes to do. A*
he regarded the matter, the maximum
force authorized by the bill was to be
used only In the present emergency, and
there would be a return to the minimum
of 4">.0O0, which was the peace footing of
the bill.
No one could tell when the troops might
bo needed in Alaska, Hawaii or Porto
Rico. Likewise there was a possibility
<»f the need of a larger American force
Jn Cuba at the request of the Cubans
themselves. And as for the Philippines,
no one could doubt that for a considera
ble time, ( ven if all demands should be
granted, a large force of our troops must
be kept In those islands.
/ Hoar suggested a general amendment
to the bill looking to the conciliation of
the Filipinos and expressed the opinion
that in time of peace we should have
one soldier to 1000 of our population. He
did not therefore, he said, oppose the bill
on the score of Increase, but he did oppose
it because of the avowed policy of mili
tary control of the islanda. "It Is idle,"
he said, "to tell us that these people are
not fit for self-government." He quoted
the President and naval officers to show
that the Filipinos are an intelligent peo
ple, and added: "The way to prepare
them for liberty is to set them free."
Hoar said that if the facts could be
known, there would be no two opinions
as to what we Bhould do in the
Philippines, for he believed that if tho
pcojilo were generally convinced that the
Filipinos were as capable of self-govern
ment as they are they would make no
effort to continue to subjugate those peo
ple in the interest of trade.
Hoar said that it would be most de
sirable to have appointed a commission
representing all phases of political life,
men of the highest character and stand
ing, to ascertain tho facts as to the Phil
ippines aDd make them known to Con
gress and to the people. He hoped such
a commission would be appointed before
the close of the present sess'on. We
should give the- Filipinos a hearing. He
said:
"Let them state their case. They can
come and go in peace and honor. If we
pay to the Filipinos that we will not con
eider their case until they go down on
their knees, lay their hands upon their
hips and their lips in the dust, "this war
will go on if there is a spark of spirit
and principle in their breasts until every
Filipino of one sex Is exterminated and
vntll the women among them take up the
fight and are exterminated also."
Stewart of Nevada supported the pend
ing bill. The rebellion, he declared,
should be crushed as an Indian uprising
in the West would be, and liberty and !t«
blessings would be extended to the people
of the Philippines.
Caffery of Louisiana argued against the
pending bill, denouncing the creation of a
larere permanent standing army.
The Senate then devoted an hour or
more in perfecting the army bill by tho
addition of part of the committee amend
ments, to which no objection was raised.
Among the amendments- passed over for
future consideration was that relating to
the establishment of a veterinary corp*.
' \y' ¦¦ ADVESTTSEMENTS.
HAVE HAD THEIR DAY.
Local Treatments for Catarrh Rele-
gated to th* R«ar.
The surest and aafest treatment for any
form of Catarrh la an internal remedy
which acts specifically upon the blood and
mucous membranes. Such , a remedy la
the new preparation sold everywhere by
druffKlsts as Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, a
medicine In pleasant tablet form. .
These tablets contain In highly concen-
trated form well known germ antiseptics
like sangulnarla, gualacol, Red Gum and
Bimllar curative elements, and no one who
suffers from any form of catarrh ; and
has experienced the inefficiency and i In-
convenience of powders, sprays and Inhal-
ers will ever go back to such antiquated
remedies after once trying so pleasant a
treatment as Stuart's Catarrh Tablets,
and one which gives so much relief in so
Bhort a time.
Druggists sell Stuart's Catarrh Tablet*
at fifty cents for full sized package, and
their dally uxe will effectually cure this
troublesome and dangerous disease. ;
The danger' from catarrh is that it is a
short road to consumption,' to chronic
stomach catarrh and to catarrh of 11 ver
and kidneys. '
Mo5t -cases of deafness are caused from
stoppage of the eustachian tube as a re-
sult of catarrh. '
ADVERTISEMENTS. T?
" ABSOLUTE^ECURlTYr
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
hear signature of /gL*^^*
?«*7 awll ausaaV mm •tLMj
tetikmnin
SEE rAOTTtfQl roR HIA0AC «t SEE
IAKTlRo for oinmus. 3EC
ftKVTTfVD iSPlTTLE TOR BIUOUSHESS. rcMimia
GENUINE §rjvFR "r torpid liver. GENUINE
B PI LLS. Fo * CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPER \MJLm "R sallow skib. WRAPPFfi
"KA^K \mm® |rORTH£ COMPLEXION WKAtTli *
"FR.HSTTEID ON RED F-AJPER."
; ¦ S For/ a ; Cold ¦ in • the? Head.^- . T
Laxative Brcmo-Quinlne Tablets. *
AMUSETVrKTJTS. __
' ¦ Alf. Ell'.nrhoun* Proprietor and Manager.
Phone— South 770.
LAST TIME3.
MATIN'ITE TO- DAT— TO-NIOHT.
Of JACOB LITTS Magnificent Revival of
SHENANDOAH.
SOO— PEOPLE OX THE BTAQE- SOO
OO— HORSES— 50
25— VETEIIAX ARTILLERTMEN-25
TO-MORROW. BU5TDAT ATTETIKOON.
BpteUl E&gageseat cf RICHARD GOLDEN U
"OLD JED PROUTY."
SPECIAL PR1CI>:
Evnlng 25c. 35c. C«>r. 7."»«* and Sl.OO
!Jtiir.*« JtSo. 33c and 5Oo
- *
MATTNTT: rO-DAT <KAT.>, Jan. 5.
Parquet. 2>. s-y seat; balcony, 10c; children,
l r c any part (except reserved).
SAN FRANCISCO CAPTURED!
THE TATK OF THE ENTIRE COUNTRY.
EKDOBSED BT PRESS AND PUBLIC.
The Great Qrphsum Road Show.
SECOND AND FINAL WEEK.
EVERYTHING NEW.
And In addition the world-renowned
6I5TERS <Lola and Nelllei HAWTHORNE.
WILLIAM CAHILL DAVIS and THE
BIOGRAPH.
f*ftl 1 1 E& R I A SM rpmisco>s
wUklllflDlM HADING THEATRE
KATIKEE TO-DAY AT BESUCED PRICES.
TONIGHT AND SUNDAY— Last t TIMES.
G«o. W\ Lederer'e Great Caelno Success.
The Belle of_New York,
BEcncycco next monday.
Pb. A. Brady presents lor the first tlma here
th* pastoral !0yL
WAY DOWN EAST.
COMTNGt— MT.LE. DOLORES (TREBELLI).
TTS THE SEASON'S HIT."
EVENINGS AT $ EHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY at 2 eharp.
By FERRIS HARTMAN.
A GREAT PHOTT FOR EVERYBODY.
Bee Oscar L. Fe*t is Fine TRANSFORMATION.
The Flowery Kingdom.
POPULAR PRICES 2S and SO cents.
Telephone — Bush t.
A^y! ¦* to K p« mm mmm w-v M^ *r i Bfc
MATINEE TJMIAY AT 2.
EVERY NIGHT AT 8.
Special Encasement of
FLORENCE ROBERTS
IN THE ADVENTURES OF
NELL GWYNN
Xe» ProBery Painted From Historical Re-
search**.
BEATS FIX DAT6 IN ADVANCE.
BEtASCO™»THALCS*tfQ&
I ~ maaeariuu
Phone South U3.
LXKT TWO KTOHTB.
1£ATTKEE TO-DAY A_NT> SUNDAY.
the HEART OFMARYLAND
KEXT MONT5AT— The Great London and New
TorV Melodramatic Triumph,
"WOMAN AND WINE."
ProAoead Exact!? as Seen at tha Academy of
Merle. New Tork.
OVER 100 PEOPLE REQUIRED TO PRB-
BENT THIS BIG PRODUCTION.
PRICES: EreslE*— 10c. 15c. 25c, Ma. Bfa.
Slit; n*es— 15c. lie, 25c. No higher.
CHUTES^and ZOO
NBW CENTURY ATTRACTIONS.
querita"vincent,
CALIPOKKU'8 KJLVOSITEJ COMEDIENNES
TEN DAYS IN FAIRYLAND
JUVJUNTLB PPBCTACCLJLR
B,OSE LTJ TYXEB,, HAL CONLETT.
AHEENAND PATHIOK,
TrprwMTT.T.A
HOLIDAY PRESENTTO EVERY CHILD.
TEUSPHOXE POH 6EATB. PAKE XL
RACING! RACING! RACING!
UOO-IVIXTEH MEETXKO-1ML
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. a TO JAN. 11. INCLtrSIVB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Pouter Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Tfcura-
<!* v, Friday end FatunJay. Rain or tbine.
Five or more rtxes each day.
Kaeea start at 2: IS p. m. sharp.
FetTT'-boa.ta l«ave San FVanclscj at 12 m. and
X2:S0. 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and S p. m., connecting
*ita trains atoppinr ax the entrance to the
track. Last two caxa on train reserved tor
ladtea and their encorta; no rmolcinx. Buy your
ferrr tickets to Fhell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
?«lctrlc cars at Seventh an<5 Broadway. Oak-
land. AJao all trains via Alaxneda mola con-
nect with Son Pablo avenue cart at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric* cars
aro dlr«ct to the track In fifteen minute*.
Returmct,!— Trains Je*v# the track at 4:15 and
4:44 p. m. and !mro»>dlat©:y after the last raoa.
THOMAS H. TVILLJAM8 JR., President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE MATI.VEE THIS AFTERNOON
Will Re a Great Event Amond the I^adles.
TO-XIGHT— LAST CONCERT.
EOOARD SMUSS
AND HIS FAMOUS
VIENNA ORCHESTRA
Comm^nclne; TO-MORROW (Sunday) AFTER-
: NOOX,
Hal P. led' a Idyl of the Arkansaw Hills.
••HUMAN HEARTS."
i Something Especlnlly Good at OUR POPULAR
PRICES.
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
| MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Las-t two nijhts of the Success of the city.
Week commencing MONDAY EVENINQ
NEXT.
William Crane's Great Success,
"A VIRGINIA COURTSHIP."
Firrt time In America at popular price* — 10c.
lie. 25c Hnd 50c.
Good reserved *eat In orchestra, at all matinees,
25 cents.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
[ MR. AND MRS. GEORG
HENSCHEL
IN SIX GRAND RECITALS
AT METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
February 6th. 7th, »th, 11th. 13th. 14th.
Sale of Season Tickets Begins
Next Monday Morning
AT SHERMAN. CLAY & CO."S.
SITTER AND KEARNY ETS.
Season Tickets Transferable.
PRICES— &).{*>. 37.OO and $5.OO.
F7*;rHFR'<5 concert house.
riOtnCn O Admission 1O.-.
Marie D. Woods. • Kaleratua, Adeline Kinross,
Harry Braham, the Leander Brothers, Tom
Mack, the Grazers asd Others.
Reserved Seats 25c. Regrular Matinee Sunday.
M^^^^' • l -- l !!* J 'IIS553?ai
2|*§2v- SAUESHAPC *"^>@lSs£!
ONE PHDCC
BOTTLE LUli LO
frVJCBURNEY'8
lYiuiicy cure
A thorough core for
pains in the back,
BRIGHT'S DISEASE,
female troubles, incon-
tinence of urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
wettlDg oi children, gravel, Rail atonM,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT
THE OWL DRUO CO.. 1128 Markat at.
AND AT
DAHLBRNDER DRUG CO.. tit Kearny St..
Send 25c In 2c stamps to W. F. McBurney.
418 S. Spring »t., Los AnK'les, Cal., for $
day* 1 treatment. Prepaid $1 50. Druggists.
PILES
"I wm troubled with Protruding Pllea many
years. Tried every remedy I could bear of and
had them cut out twice. I deepatred of a
cura until I tried Verus Pile Cure. I waa
never eo eurprle«>d in my life to find myself
cured before using half a box. It ia Indeed
wonderful. E. P. WEIDXER,
"1T7S Fifth «t.. Des Molnes. Iowa."
We will pay any one ISO who cannot b»
cured with VERUS PILE CURE. Price $1 00.
Over 10,000 cures. No claim for reward.
VESDS PILE CURE CO., Room 226, Wilson Bit
Or the old and reliable ELLINGTON DRUG
CO., Agents, corner Tourth and Spring ata..
i Los Angeles, Cal. . *-. ';
nil ipr These hotels' pos-
I A LA lib scss thc attributes
i that tourists and
Qrjfl travelers appreciate
UIIU -central location,
RRANFI Iiberal mana * e
UllnllU merit, modern ap-
IJrtXri O pointments and
HUIlLui P erf ect cuisine.
" American and Eu-
Saii FranClSCO. ropcan plans.
ni CHICHCSTCR'8 CHQUSM
Pennyroyal pills
V-\7*§i ) rSfi^7Z. Al»Miren»b>. Ladles, uk Drarrlit
fcCS'tSfSb.lu KKD and Gold anMie i?"
j^ r?#f? wtt * WM rtk *»- Take me other. Rc£m
I W Jf *ua»i frr Particular*, tr.tlm.nl.la
A V n t«m Mail. 1 tt.Ooo rmtim.m\^:'il l^:
K«i.B.m UIj p>hc. M*41a*a l&qmmn, VUH.aZ i*i£
&*4jjflHS8Bhf*»i ¦ B 'S Of) t non-pdennota
iiVSjffi* 1 **^!! remedr for Gonorrhoea,
JJ^Jer^CCirEh^iijI Oleet. Spormatturho-*,
jfiWiii i a «»Ti.^»a Wblt««. Dnnilurtl rli.i-
gffity Ounnvl Xi cfi»rg» or nny inRa*nma-
Kwl oot m itrittarr. tion, I ritatioD or sicera-
B*»^i*rtTCBU tonugioc tlon .f inncou* Bern*
HT»VnEEv>tiSCHtyiC»l.Ca. t>r»vn. Koa-rutrlcK'nt.
VaM.'ciNCiNNtTi.o.BIQQ *° Id by Itrn ** ut *»
TjgSsVL n ¦ , 5e») or • < " nt in P' ain '"¦rapper,
JBrML * liV'Cl by eipreof", prepaid, for
v «^cS£i3SJ9Efrv' B C:. Mi*r teat ca roo,unt.: We now stand at the threshold of the twen
tieth century, and the nineteenth Is a thing of
the past. It will, however, be known as tho
century . of ( .-Invention v -and discovery, and
among some of the greatest of these we can
truthfully mention Hostetter't Stomach Bit
ten, > the celebrated remedy for all ailments
arising* from a - weak or disordered stomach,
such as dyspepsia. I Indigestion, flatulency, con
stipation and biliousness. -
The Twentieth. Century.
Charles Stanlev, inventor of the Stanley
AirshiD has sued.J. J. Burt, R. Bepnett.
Cre 9 3Unper. E. L. Snell and H. H. Rleirle
to recover possession of 7162 shares of the
capital stock of the Stanley Aerial Navl
eation Company, assigned to the defend
ants In consideration of their agreement
to advance $25,000 for the construction of
an airship. Stanley allesres that the de
fendants have failed to advance the $25,000
ns agreed and he now seeks to recover the
Suit has been Instituted by G.'Cadenasso
against the Gray. Bros/ .Crushed Rock
Company to recover $6000 damages alleged
to have been suffered by him through the
acts of -the -defendant corporation in
blasting and excavating on a lot contigu
ous to property owned by the plaintiff on
Green street, near Montgomery,
Conrt Notes.
Members of the* Inquisitorial Body
Who Will Investigate Designated t
Municipal Departments.
The new Grand Jury held its first meet
ing yesterday afternoon. with Chris
Dunker as chairman and E. P. Danforth
secretary. Chairman Dunker appointed
the following list of committees:
Board of : Public "Work» - and Park Commis
sion—Thomas : Morton ' (chairman), W. - E. Lutz
and L. Howe; dives and social evils— P. o.
Aherne (chairman), II. H. Young and H. V.
Ramsdell; Fire Department, flre alarm, ' Fire
Marshal— Carl Henry (chairman). E. P. Dan
forth, T. P. Rlordan; Auditor. Klection Com,
mlaaloners. Public - Administrator • and Regis
trar—L.. Howe (chairman). H. M. Kelly and
E. A. Schmltt; Sheriff and County r Jail— R. r
Vail (chairman), Thomas Morton, H.,V. Rams
doll : Board ! of Education I and Schools— \V. o.
Badger (chairman), James H. Barry. H. D.
rhinn: Assessor, Recorder and Treasurer— W
E. Lutz (chairman), J.Platshek, J. Elliott:
Coroner and Morgue— T. P. Riordan (chairman).
J. f Gordon. H. D. Dunn: Superior, Justices' and
Police courts— E. A. Schmltt (chairman), Carl
Henry, I... Howe: County Clerk ¦ and Justices'
Clerk of flees— H. M. Kelly (chairman), J. Gor
don, ;H.H. Young; District Attorney, , City and
County; Attorney and - State of fleers— H. H
YounK»(ehalrman). • J. Elliott, E. P. Danforthj
Public ' Library and Magdalen , Society— -J. .•¦ El
liott (chairman). W. "' G. Badger. J. Platshek;
Health Department, Almshouse and City Phy
flclan—H. D. Dunn (chairman). R. R. Vail, E.
A Schmitt; Mayor. clv» service— E. P. Dan
forth .(chairman). P." O. y Aherne, H. M. Kelly;
Board of Supervisors — J. Platshek . (chairman),
W. Q.. Badger. P. O." Aherne; Tax and License
Collector— J. Gordon (chairman), Carl \ Henry,
James H. Barry; Police Department, patrol and
city driver*— James H. 1 Barry . (chairman), W.
B. ¦ Lutz. Thomas ; Morton: ¦. corporation*, | water
and ras companies — H. V. Ramsdell (chairman),
R. R. Vail. <T. P. Rlordan. >. , . . , - . ... _
COMMITTEES APPOINTED
ON THE GRAND JURY
' XETIV TORK, Jan. 4. — Steamship men In
this city to-day denied the. statement of
cx-Govemor Pingree that the downfall of
ex-Secretary of War Alger dated from
the time that he opposed the bids of the
trans-Atlantic lines for carrying the
Epanlsh prisoners of war to Spain from
the Philippines, Porto Rico and Cuba.
. Agents of the Hamburg-American and
International lines say that they did not
Retire the contract.
Their Bids.
Fight Alger for Opposing
Steamship Ken Say They Did Not
DENY THE STATEMENT
OF GOVERNOR PINGREE
RICHMOND. Mo., Jan. 4.— John ' W.
Ehotwell Jr.. cashier of the Ray County
Sank, has been missing eince Monday last
and the State Bank Examiner is going
over the books. Whether there is a short
age In Shotwell's accounts cannot be
Known until th« Examiner has finished
his work. A. M. Fowler, president, of the
bank, said that the stockholders had sub
scribed d.000 to cover any shortage that
might be found.
He professed to know nothing of the
missing cashier's whereabouts. President.
Fowler declared that any shortage found
¦would have no rffect on the standing of
the bank, which Is open to-day as usual.
Shotwell was about 25 years of age and
had been In the employ of the bank for
several years.
The Ray County Bank is one of the old
ert in the State. It has a capital of 550.OM
end deposits of $75,000. .
Experts Are Carefully Examining 1 the
Books of the Ray County
Bank.
BATCK CASHIER
HAS DISAPPEAREI
DENVER, Jan. 4.— Among the bills In
troduced in the Legislature to-day was
one by Senator Stewart of Pueblo for the
restoration of capital punishment This
is a result of the recent lynching In this
State. Three men have been summarily
executed within a year. J*THf UlitfUtJl
Another bill, introduced by 8enator
Park of Denver, requests Congress to call
a convention to frame a constitutional
amendment making the election OS? sena
tors by popular vote.
lature.
for the Colorado Legis-
Senator Stewart Introduces a Bill Be-
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— The Cabinet
session to-day was largely devoted to the
consideration of matters of minor import
ance. In view of the resolution recently
Introduced in the Senate calling for a copy
of the report made by Mr. Lawshe, special
representative of the Government in
Cuba, on the fiscal affairs of the Cuban
postal service, also the resolution calling
for copies of orders, etc., issued to the
army in the Philippines, considerable time
was given to a discussion of the rights
and duties of the executive with respect
to resolutions of this character . coming
from one of the legislative branches of
the Government. :^ .¦ -
It is understood that a disclosure of the
facts contained In the . report of Mr.
Lawshe might seriously prejudice cafes
now pending In the courts or cases where
action is contemplated.. This whole mat
ter was fully gone over at the meeting to
day. The remainder of- the. time waa
given over to routine matters of the ad
ministration.
FOR RESTORATION OF
CAPITA!* PUNISHMENT
Opposition to Making Lawshe's Re
port on Conditions in the
Cuban Fostoffice.
CABINET CONSIDERS
SENATE RESOLUTIONS
The second and final concert of the Yale
College and Banjo Glee Clubs was given
yesterday afternoon at th© Grand Opera
house to a Rood house. In spit© of the
stormy weather. The college boys were
in excellent form, and the audience en
cored every number on the long pro
gramme. The vocal and instrumental se
lections are all strictly up to date, and
almost every familiar fad of the day ap
pears in some form or other.
The solos were undertaken * by R. H.
Schneeloch, president ofjha glee club:
K SpaJdlng. 1902: Lw 8. Tyler, 1904; J. M.
Carlisle. 1901; J. W. Reynolds, 1903; P. L.
SSfcheli; 1902:' O, A. /Welch. 1901: H. H.
Read 1901. and F. W. Sheeham, L. S.
The clubs left San Francisco for Ijos An.
geles on the owl train directly after the
concert.
Audience.
YALE CXTJB'S SECOND
CONCERT A SUCCESS
Singers and Banjo and Guitar Play
ers Receive Applause of a Fair
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.-Congressman
Wadsworth of New York made a brief
statement to-day before the Senate Com
mittee on Agriculture concerning reflec
tions upon the minority report adopted on
the oleomargarine bill in the House. At
the hearing yesterday H. C. Adams, Dairy
Commissioner for the State of "Wisconsin,
and Secretary Knight , of the National
Dairy Union, stated that they were not
correctly represented in that report. Mr
Adams denied that he said that the pur
pose of the pending bill is to stop tho
manufacture and sale of ¦ oleomargarine
entirely, but Mr. Wadsworth contended In
his statement to-day that this was his
language. He said the remark had been
taken down by a member of the commit
tee when made because of Its bluntness
He also said the letter which Mr. Knight
had pronounced a forgery was still in ex
istence and would be produced if neces
sary.
Mr. Adams reiterated his denial. Baying
he had only said that the purpose of tho
bill was to stop the manufacture and sale
of oleomargarine "colored in imitation of
butter." -
Hon. : John Hamilton, Secretary of 'Ag
rlculture of Pennsylvania, advocated the
passage of the bill, contending that the
fact that the chemical analysis of . oleo
margarine showing it to contain. the same
Ingredients - of butter 'does not render It
equally palatable and healthful. 1 He es
timated that 50 per cent of. the oleomar
garine manufactured if sold as butter and
said the farmers of Pennsylvania alone
derive an income of about $18,000,000 a year
from the butter sold by them. . - : •> ¦¦
. Dairy Commissioner Blackburn of Ohio
said he had found it was almost impos
sible to prosecute Infractions of the oleo
margarine law In the large cities of Ohio
owing to the Influence of the oleomar
garine 'dealers with the press and also
because of their solicitation of Jurymen'
Stop Its Manufacture.
Denies That He Said the Purpose of
th.e Oleomargarine Bill Was to
ADAMS CLAIMS TO
HAVE BEEN MISQUOTED
The Pacific Stockmen's Association will
hold its second convention Tuesday, Jan
uary 8, at the Palace Hotel. The meeting
will be called to order nt 10 a. m.
A large gathering of representative
stockmen. is assured. The subjects under
discussion will embrace matters of first
importance to stockmen. Including the
following: Proposed bill for the leasinc
of Dublic lands; the use of Government
forest reservations for grazing purposes:
irrigation and its relation to the grazing
of arid lands; new laws on tho Pacific
Coast regarding livestock.
F. C. Lusk Is president and F. J. Sin
clair Is secretary of the association. The
executive committee is composed of the
following well-known stockmen:
Walter L. Vail. Los Angeles: John Sparks.
Reno, Xev.: J. Churchill. Yreka: G. W. Gray
em Oakland; Jerry Millay. Phoenix. Ariz.: J.
Le Roy NlcVtel. Ban PYancisco; Frederick Cox,
Sacramento; Henry Miller, San Francisco; F.
C. Lusk, Chlco.
STOCKMEN TO MEET
. IN ANNUAL SESSION
Will Discuss Ranges and Graz
ing and the Stock
Laws.
The long delayed recommendation of the
Board of Public Works for street work
on Sacramento, Clay and Washington.
Btreets, between Montgomery and San-
Bome, was filed with the Board of Super
visors yesterday. The recommendation Is
In conformity with the decision of th«
Street Committee that the blocks named
be repaved with an asphalt or bituminous
rock pavement, with a binder course and
a six-inch concrete foundation. The
board originally recommended a basalt
and cobble foundation and has been at
loggerheads for two months with the
Street Committee, which favored the su
perior pavement. The estimated cost of
the work is $6653. The recommendation
•will be ratified by the Supervisors at next
Monday's meeting.
City Engineer Grun9ky has estimated
the cost of reducing the sidewalk widths
on Clement street trom 19 to 15 feet and
on Division street, between Seventeenth
and Eighteenth, from 10 to 7 feet, at
about 13000. If assessed to the property
owners the greatest charge would be
$7 60 for a 25-foot lot, and the average
charge for a 25-foot lot would be $1 40.
BOARD OF WORKS BOWS
TO SUPERVISORS' WILL
At I«ast Recommends Repairing of
Downtown Blocks "With Bi
tumen on Concrete.
TO STOP SALE
OF STIMULANTS
yf*^ R. J. H. WHITE, assistant to the
surgeon general of the United
II States, who was sent to this
, I, yJ coast to investigate the acts of
Dr. Kinyoun. head of the Fed
eral quarantine station at this port, called
on Secretary Scott of the Chamber of
Commerce yesterday and graciously con
sented to confer with the board of trus :
tees of that organization on Tuesday next.
As was stated in The Call yesterday.
Secretary Scott called at the hotel where
Dr. White was domiciled and, finding the
latter absent, left his card. This courtesy
on the part of the secretary had its effect.
Early yesterday morning Dr. White vis
ited "the rooms of the Chamber of Com
merce and Introduced himself to Mr.
Scott- The visiting physician not only
expressed a desire to meet the trustees
but asked that a day might be set. so
that he might have the pleasure of their
acquaintance. Tuesday afternoon was en
tirely agreeable to Mr. White. As that
day is the annual election of the Cham
ber of Commerce,- there will no doubt be
a large number of members In attend
ance when Dr. White is formally pre
sented by the secretary.
There is no doubt that Dr. White was
directed to come to this city by reason
of the resolutions adopted by the Cham
ber of Commerce and forwarded to the
Secretary of the Treasury and other au
thorities at Washington. The resolutions
were in part as follows:
Whereas, Particular attention has been called
Resolution.
Senate Committee Acts Fa
vorably on the Lodge
WASHINGTON*, Jan. 4.— Favorable ac
tion was taken to-day by the Senate Com
mittee on Foreign Relations on the resolu
tion previously introduced by Senator
Lodge declaring for the enactment of
laws prohibiting the sale of opium and in
toxicating liquors to the aboriginal and
uncivilized peoples of all countries and
the resolution was passed by the Senate.
The committee had before it petitions
signed by numerous individuals and asso
ciations from twenty-five States, which
were presented by the Reform Bureau.
That bureau has received the following
letter from ex-President Harrison on the
subject: *
January 1. lWl-Rev. W. F. Crafts. Wash
ington—My Dear Sir: I have received your
letter of the- 2Sth and In reply I beg to say
that I have made It a rule not to sign petitions
of appeal to members of Congress for legisla
tion. I have expressed myself upon the sub
ject" In a public address In the paragraph to
which your letter refers. It does seem to me
as If the Christian nations of the world ought
to be able to make their contact with the
weaker peoples of the earth beneficent and not
destructive, and I give to your efforts to se
cure helpful legislation my warmest Fympathy.
vtry truly, BENJAMIN HARRISON.
It was claimed that one of the petitions
presented represented 10,000,000 people. It
wa<! not in support of the Lodge resolution
specifically, nor the United States alone,
but asks that the governments that have
twice united In the treaties of 1890 and 1R93
In protecting the natives of Africa against
intoxicants to Hake further action sepa
rately and together so as to protect all
uncivilized races, as recommended by the
President. The petition is to be with
drawn and carried by a deputation to all
the prominent governments of the world
after Congress adjourns.
to the case of the Occidental and . Oriental
steamship Coptic, which arrived here Septem
ber SO, 1900. at about 7:S0 p. in., from Yoko
hama and Honolulu, when the passengers were
most indignant at the manner in which the
physical examination of their bodies was con
ducted. According to the evidence of many of
•he passenKers, among whom were merchants,
professional men and others of the highest
standing and reputation, the examinations were
made without proper regard to decency, pri
vacy, modesty or cleanliness, some of the pas
sengers declaring: that they would under no con
sideration come to or through this 'port, pre
ferring to land at Canadian ports, where more
courtesy and consideration were shown.
Whereas, We have been Informed that trans
portation companies In Canada have published
and distributed the complaints of the needless
hardships and trials suffered by passengers ar
riving here, in order to divert this travel from
the United States to their country »• and.
Whereas. Occurrences of this nature are a
serious detriment to the business of this port
and. are a menace to our trade and commerce;
therefore the Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco have ¦ •
Resolved. That we hereby most respectfully
and earnestly urge upon the Honorable the Sec
retary of the Treasury that the officer In charge
of the quarantine station at this port be In
structed to perform the duties of his office with
Buch tact and Judgment as will enable travelers
to enter this port without being exposed to in
sult, needless delay, hardship and anxiety.
Dr. White has assured the Chamber of
Commerce that he has no animus in the
premises, and has also expressed his de
sire to meet the members In a spirit of
friendliness. Acting President Newhall
says the chamber is ready to supply Dr.
White with all the facts bearing on the
charges made by the organization.
PRESIDENT ELIOT
WILL NOT RESIGN
Story That Wheeler Is to
Succeed Him Ridiculed
at Harvard.
BOSTON, Jan. 4.-In regard to a state
ment from San Francisco that President
Eliot of Harvard University was to re
eIrti and that President Benjamin -Ide
Wheeler of the University of California
was to succeed him, Charles Francis Ad
ams, treasurer of Harvard University
said to-night to" The Call representative
"There is absolutely nothing In it. The
rumor Is entirely without foundation."
The officials and instructors at Harvard
received a surprise to-day when they saw
the story from San Francisco. Nothing
has yet reached Harvard about the mat
ter, and everj' one seems to be completely
in the dark as to how It originated.
Corresponding Secretary Cobb said he
thought the story absurd, and the same
comment was made by Recorder Cram
and Publication Agent Williams. It was
th^ght that possibly President Eliot's
temporary absence from the university
might have something to do with it. An
attempt was made to see Dr. Walcott but
he was so engrossed in official business
at the State House that he could not be
interviewed. Several prominent Harvard
alumni of that city agreed to-day in say-
Ing that they did not believe there waa a
word of truth in the report that Dr. Eliot
would resign.'
Special Dispatch to Th» CalL
THE QUARANTINE OFFICER WHOSE ROUGH METHODS IN THE PER
FORMANCE OF HIS DUTY AT THIS PORT ARE UNDER INVESTIGA
TION BY A GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL. .
It Is Planned That the Two Chief
Executives Greet Each Other
on the International y - /
End**. y-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EL. PASO, Tex.. Jan. 4.— When Presi
dent McKinley reaches El Paso in May,
on his way to California, he* will In all
probability be given the opportunity of
shaking hands with the chief executive
of the Mexican republic across the boun
dary line that divides the United States
from Mexico. A telegram received here
to-day from Congressman Slayden of
Texas gave the assurance that Mr. Mc-
Klnley would pass through El Paso on
his westward trip, and the citizens at
once interested themselves In preparing a
suitable reception for him. It was decided
among other things that It would be ap
propriate to in\-ite President Diaa of Mex
ico to visit the northern border of his
dominions at the time to meet and greet
the President of the United States In the
center of the international bridge that
spans the Hlo Grande, marking the boun
dary- line between this country and Mex
ico. •
In case the Invitation is accepted, the
ceremonial when the two chief executives
of the two great republics of the world
meet will be one of the most unique and
Imposing In the history of the continent.
Mexican officials here are confident that
President Diaz will accept the invitation.
TWO PRESIDENTS
LIKELY TO MEET
Arrangements Being Made
to Bring McKinley and
Diaz Together.
Baltimore to Be Repaired.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 4.— The Naval
Board of Construction to-day decided to
almost completely rehabilitate the cruiser
Baltimore, now lying at the New York
Navy-yard. Her Improvements will in
volve an expenditure of about $500,0CO and
take at least a year and a half.
CHARGES CIVIL
SERVICE BOARD
WITH JOBBERY
Reduced.
Seyden Arers His Average
Was Fraudulently
Another instance of how the civil serv
ice system works under the present Phe
lan administration Is furnished by the
case of John F. Derham, who passed the
examination for, food inspector and yet
has been assigned to the position of clerk
to Health Officer O'Brien. It is but an
other example of how easy It is to Juggle
with positions and hoodwink the commis
sion, which is charged with Introducing
the merit system into the city govern
ment.
Derham, who happens to be a brother
in-law of Health Officer O'Brien, did not
take the civil service examination for
clerk, which was held September 15, 1900.
This failure, however, does not prevent
him from holding the position to the ex
clusion of two ellgibles, Daniel Sullivan
and \V. B. Ewing.
Derham was appointed cl<ark last June,
when J. W. Kelly resigned the place to
take a European trip. Kelly Is a cousin
of Mayor Phelan, and left the Impression
that he would not return to this city for
some time to come. It waa explained in
the health office that Kelly's absence was
only temporary and Derham would give
up the place on his return. Kelly, how
ever, would now be barred from the posi
tion, as he did not take the civil service
examination.
When the Health Board filed Its month
ly statement with the Civil Service Com
mission on Its salary roll Derham was
classed as "clerk to Health Oflicer" from
June until December. 1900. In the latter
month the designation of Derham's posi
tion was changed to "food Inspector." A
peculiar fact In this connection is that
Derham, as clerk, received $100 per month,
but now that he ranks as food inspector
he is entitled to only $75 per month, a de
crease of $25.
The Civil Service Commission holds that
the assigning of Derham to the position
of clerk when he is" classified as a "food
Inspector" is Illegal and an investigation
will result. The proceeding Is regarded
as an injustice to the ellglbles who passed
the examination for health office clerks.
It is also somewhat singular that the eli
glbles.for the position did not Me a com
plaint with the commission regarding the
irregularity. The reason why they did
not is that they feared to Incur the wrath
of the Health Board, which* might pre
clude them from future appointment.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
appointed James T. Donahue, W. J.
White, John C. Newlands and J. B. Gart
lands from the civil service clerks'
eligible V list. Two 3 more clerks will
be appointed to-day from the fol
lowing names certified: H. C. Far
quharson, Isaac L. Bevans, Israel
Schwartz and George M. Bowne.' Three
of the old staff of clerks lose their posi
tions—F. B. Duffleld. "W. H. Griffin and
M. E. Cummings. The last named will be
retained as a deputy in the office.
Tax Collector Scott yesterday appointed
eleven deputies from the civil service eli
gible list as follows: Benjamin I. Salo
mon, Richard J. Curtln, Oscar L. Tuttle,
William I. Reardon, George A. McCalvy,
George Varcoe, Edwin B. Trlpp, Edwin
R. Zlon. Frank Rlttigstein, John A. Lena
han and Frank R. Smith.
The appointments are subject to the fil
ing and acceptance of a satisfactory
bond. Scott has submitted the first sev
enteen names on the eligible deputy list
to a surety company, for investigation as
to their reliability. Scott says he will
exact a bond of $6000 from all but four
deputies, whose responsibility, he says,
warrants a much higher bond.
Inspector to a Clerkship.
Health Board Assigns Eligible Food
Fraud, favoritism and gross prejudice
have been charged to Civil Service Com
missioners Freud, McCarthy and Quinn
In an action filed yesterday by John F.
Seyden on behalf of himself and the ma
jority of those deputies in the office of
the Tax Collector who lost their positions
through the enforcement of the civil ser
vice provisions of the charter.
Seyden, through his attorneys, Camp
bell, Metson & Campbell, seeks to enjoin
Tax Collector Scott from appointing to
official positions those clerks certified
by tho Civil Service Commission as being
eligible for appointment. He also asks
that the court direct the commission to
place him upon the register as eligible
for appointment and prays that th« civil
service examination papers be examined
and that all competitors be given rank
according to "the true result" of the ex
amination. He further demands Judg
ment directing the commission to divide
the deputies to servo under the Tax Col
lector into two classes— deputy tax and
deputy license clerks— that each class
may be given a fair and practical examin
ation relating to the duties which will
fall upon them.
Seyden alleges that he has been de
frauded out of his right to appointment
under civil service rules. The Civil Ser
vice Commission, he alleges, falsely and
fraudulently placed his general average
standing below the minimum and refuses
to place his name upon the register, and
that the commission, in the exercise of
gross prejudice and in entire disregard
of the result of the examination, placed
upon the register the names of those
selected by unfair means. He further^ al
leges that he has been informed and be
lieves -that as a result of the examination,
and under a fair, true and proper mark-
Ing, rating and estimation of his general
average that he is entitled to have his
name placed upon the register and to be
ranked among the first fifteen candidates
for deputyships in the Tax Collector's of
fice.
Even though Seyden's suit will have
no other effect, It will place the examina
tion papers of all who endeavored to se
cure a clerkship under civil service rule
in the hands of the court for examination.
If it Is found, as is alleged, that the
papers - were not properly marked and
rated the effect will be serious.
The case has been assigned to Judge
Hebbard for hearing.
HOW CIVIL SERVICE WORKS.
Seeks to Enjoin Tax Collector 'From
Recognizing Commission's Certifi
cations and Making Appoint
ments Thereunder.
BOOZ'S MOTHER
ON THE STAND
Boy.
Tells Tearfully of the
Sufferings of Her
on the Throat and
Lungs. •
* Physicians Gitre Expert Testimony as
to the Effect of Tobasco Sauce
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 4.— The Booz
Congressional Committee, which was re
cently appointed by Speaker Henderson
Icr the purpose of making Inquiry Into
the cause of the death of Oscar Booz at
"West Point and to Investigate hazing in
general at the Military Academy, began
to take testimony tc-day. Three sessions
Trere held, covering a period of time from
* o'clock m the morning until midnight.
The committee went to Bristol, the home
cf the Booz family, this morning and
heard the testimony of four members of
that family. In the afternoon four phy
elciar.s who attended Oscar Booz were
heard and to-n!ght in Philadelphia two
more physicians and two other witnesses
testified.
The Congressional Committee will again
EO to Bristol to-morrow morning to hear
other witnesses and later !n the week
Trill sit In this city. Ex-Mayor Breth of
Altoona, Pa., whose pen, it is alleged, died
from an aliment indirectly due to hazing
fit Wept Point, and former cadet Burn
ham of Kentucky, a classmate of Booz
vlll appear before tne committee to-mor
row.
TV. H. Booz. father of the deceased
cadet, was the fijst witness. He was
sfked to tell the story of his boy's life !
vhlle at the Military Academy, as far as j
he knew. Mr. Booz then went over the
fame story he told before the War De- (
partment inquiry several weck6 ago.
He said Oscar did not complain of
"oagling," but spoke more of the fight
end the tobasco sauce incident. Oscar
told him he had Mack and blue mark?
on his body as a result of his encounter
with an upper class man. Oscar reluct
antly told his father tnat the hot sauce
had been poured Jown his throat three
times and that force was used.
"Mr. Booz." asked Congressman Wan
ger. "was your son absolutely truthful?"
"Ves. Fir; absolutely," was the reply.
"Oscar said he was getting along very
well until he received a heart blow which
knocked him out."
Oscar, the father eaid, never had any
throat or pulmonary troubles previous to
ccing to west Point. Oscar's eyes did
not trouble him before he went to the
ecademy.
"Do you believe that your son died as
a result of hazing at West Point?" Mr.
Booz *\r.s asked.
"I firmly do." he replied.
Mrs. Booz, mother of Oscar, said her
pon was in rugged health when he went
to The academy, but when he left he was
broken in health and never was in good
physical condition afterward. Mrs. Booz
¦wept as she detailed the sufferings of her
fon. She called the West Point cadets
bullies. She said Oscar eent a letter home
?¦ach week. In the fourth letter Oscar bo
pan to complain of 111 treatment. He rc
figmed, she said, because of his ill treat
ment, but in hi? resignation paper he gave
the weak condition of his eyes as th»
reason for his quitting the academy.
Dr. William H. Martin of Bristol, who
examined Oscar Bocz's physical condition
preparatory to the young man going to
West Point, testified that he found him a
lair specimen of manhood. He noticed,
however, that his lung expansion was
t'.iphtly deficient.
"Do you think tuberculosis could have
teen caused by tobasco sauce being forced
down a person's throat T'
"I believe it can only be produced by
the Inhalation of germs."
""Would bums produced by the swallow
ing of the sauce leave a good ground
for the lodgment of tuberculosis germs?"
*Mt would." was the reply.
Dr. Joseph Abbott of Bristol testified
that Oscar Booz had, primarily, tubercu
lofjp, with a secondary extension into the
throat. He was cf the opinion that to
baseo raure could rot affect the lungs.
Dr. William P. Weaver, the family
physician, differed in opinion from ths
previous witnesses as to where the boy's
effectlon started. He was of the belief
that it started In the throat. He also
*>el!eve<i that the abuse, humiliation and
J>ar he was subjected to were sufficient
to lower the vitality of the boy.
Dr. J. Cohen, a throat specialist of this
city, was the first witness called at the
r.ipht spfsion held here. He testi
fied to Booz coming to him on August 4,
Wl. with a well developed case of tuber
culosis. He did not think the swallowing
nt tobasco sauce should produce tubercu
losis, hut it mljrM injure the throat.
S'{rrour!<l S. Albert, an ex-cadet, who
¦was a classmate of Booz. was tuen called.
Uooz. Albert said, was "cut" by many of
the cadets hecauw of Ms alleged eowartf
irr> !n his f jrht with Cadet Keller.
There w«»re three fights Jn Albert's class,
.ft'bert 5a!d he was "vrryjnucb unsucces*
fnli Jn hi? contest n;id was Jibed ?ome
irhat because the uoprr class men said
Tie A16 not flprht lonsr f-nousrh. His
r.»nt. lie snld. was lieutenant -Peyton,
¦ vhrm *ie thoueht was iicw in the Phlllp
n'.re Islands. The other two lights' were
between Booz and Keller and Cadets Al
¦vnrr] and Meyer. Alvord. like Booz and
Mm«p'f. beirp also whipped.
Albert FUbsoquently stated that he wa«
1n two fights. His second contest was
•with a cadet named Doyle of his own
rlnsp. whem Albert called out for insult-
Ire him. He did not remember for what
nJTense he himself had been called out.
He taM each class had a fighting commit
tee, which wag appointed by th* class.
Albert said he was trore severely hazed
than other eadeta of nis class.
He was asked why and answered. "Prin
cipally because of my religion." Albert,
•who is a Hebrew, said he resigned from
tr«» academy partly because life there wa3
unbearable and partly because he disliked
military life. Albert further said if a
fr-urth class man incurred the displeasure
of sn upper class man the sentinels, who
were mostly cadets of the upper classei,
would enter false demerits against the
¦victim sjai In many cases the unfortunate
ca<3et would thus be forced out of tb«
academy. Cadets, he bald, had the right
to appeal from the demerits. Albert flrm
lv heiirved that h* was ostracised at West
Point because of hl« being 1 a Jew. He
testlSefl that he naxi been called a
"<3aTKr.ed Jew" by Cadets Meyer and
Jordan of the third class. Albert at first
. refused to Rive the names of these boys
ELECTED PRESIDENT OF
THE ORDER OF EAGLES
- ¦ t
©SCAR HOCKS, a prominent.Ger
man citizen, was elected presi
dent of San Francisco. Aerie No.
5, Fraternal Order of Eagles, at
the annual election, held lost
night. Mr. Hocks was selected without
opposition. Albert Berthier had been
placed In nomination for the office, but he
retired from the contest so as to leave the
field clear for Hocks.
Hocks has been In business in this city
for several years. He Is grand president
of the Order of Hermann's Sons; past no
ble chief of Knights of the Golden Eagle,
California Castle No. 1; member of the
Verein Eintracht, of the San Francisco
Turn Verein and also of Its shooting sec
tion, and of the Norddeutscher Verein.
He also belongs to several local singing
societies and is prominent in political af
fairs. . , . „
The other officers elected were: Vice
president, William J. Long: trustees-
James J. Cheetham. Tom Clancy and
Dave Creamer: inside guardian; Joseph S.
Brown; outside guardian, Charles Donlan;
conductor, Fred Everett.
SLAVE DEALERS'
NEW SUBTERFUGE
Prominent German Citizen to Guide the Destinies
of Popular Organization.
Deputy Immigration Commissioner H. H.
Schell made an important discovery yes
terday with reference to the attempt
made a few days ago to bribe him to al
low the landing of a comely Japanese
maiden named Naka Yamaguchi. When
she arrived here on January 1 on the City
of Peking she presented to the immigra
tion officials a passport purporting: to
have been issued at Yokohama and dated
July 17. This Is the date on which the
Peking left Yokohama on a former trip.
In explanation of the reason for the
passport having been dated so far back
Naka said that after -she received the
passport she was taken sick and was
obliged to defer her visit to this country
until a later, data. Captain Schell, being
suspicious of the explanation, made
search of the records of the office and
found on the manifest of the City of Pe
king for the trip leaving Yokohama on
July 17, 1900, the name of "Naka Yama
guchi, aged 21. student." The manifest
showed that the real Naka sailed from
Yokohama on July 17 and arrived here on
August 4, so that the conclusion was Ir
resistible that Naka sent her passport
back to Japan, where it was given to the
second Naka, who had assumed the name
for the purpose of having it flt the pass
port.
She has been ordered deported. Captain
Schell said yesterday that this was the
first Instance In his experience In which
a passjtort was used more than once.
by Another.
Name" and Passport of Japan
ese Immigrant Assumed
DR. WHITE WILL CONFER
WITH THE MERCHANTS
Charges Against Quarantine Officer Kinyoun Will
Be Investigated Next Tuesday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO UALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 5, 1903.
H. C. Bush and C. ifush, owners of a
house on Eddy and Franklin streets,
charged ,with constructing a concrete
stairway which encroached two feet on
the sidewalk, were convicted by Judge
Fritz yesterday and will be sentenced to
day. The defendants claimed that ¦ they
had a permit from the Board of Public
Works, but the Judge pointed out that
the cnarter expressly provides that no
enroachrnent of a permanent character
can be made on a public street or side
walk. The complaining witness was Au
gust Petzhold, the owner of adjoining
property.
Board of Works Overruled.
PRESIDENT HOCKS HONORED
BY LOCAL EAGLES.
Photo by Vaughn & Keith.
8
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
. COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J. C WILSON & CO J 00 B*"«rr Street.
j- y. nn,jv t i a yy.» Telephone Main 1M*.
COPPERSMITH.
C V. SMITH ££! p £ Ium Nnjr. Steamboat and
V« n- JlIIllUi Ship "Work a specialty. 1« and
IS Washington st. Telephone Main UM.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. ROYF^ & Cft EhlPPta* Butchers. 1M
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS,
41S Front st. S. F. Phone Main 1T13.
PAINTS.
Cylinder & Lnbrtcatlnst Oils. Schneider's Mlntn*
Candles.- C G. CLINCH & CO.. 9 .Front. 3. y.
PRINTINO.
F C: HIinHFC PRINTER.
**• V» HUUnCj. en Sansome St.. B. T.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO..
23 First at.. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
T(1 g fl PARTRIDGE -gag"*
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL. SSF&aS
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Us OREEV
RIVER COLLIERIES. I* the Ba« CoaJ In* tha
market.- OGce and Yards— 450 Main street.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
W&§ Curst! While
s^Jr^^T You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
"•Gran-BolTenf* dissolves Stricture like snow tx»
neath tbe ion, reduces Knlarged Prostate and
Strengthens tbe Seminal Ducts, • lopping Drains ao4
Emissions In Fifteen Days. ¦
No drnii to ruin the stomach, but* direct local
and poiltlTe application to the catlrearethral tract
Gmn-Soivent Is not s, liquid. It Is prepared la
tbe form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth aodflezibl*
and so narrow as to pass the closest Stricture. ¦
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tbe St. James Assn.. Box 85*. Cincinnati. O- hat
prepared at great expense an exhaust- ¦*• r» f" P" •
pre Illustrated Treatise upon tbe male LULL I
tytttm, which tb*y will tend to aoy » fl T 1 ¦
Stale applicant, I 1 1 !¦!¦ I
S l. JA fitS aSSN 2so elm st..
3 1. J AJ1EO A33H., Cincinnati, Ohio.
MARKET ST. SflV§By
f\ I I"P nnU I I Corner Fourth and
mil nuiHL grass.s'Es
. valises checked free
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD .USE D AMI AN A BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy: gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, S23 Market.
For. a Cold in the .Head. , *
Laxative Broa^o-Qulslas Tablets. *
ADVERTISEMENTS. \^~^*~^
Religion of Democracy j
I &y.CHARLES FERGUSON %
: Ihe Most Startling Book qf the Dec&de |
"Probes as deep.as Carlyle, and "Since Kmerson^obody has gonp j
smites with the strength of ftuskin so straight to the point. . . .' Comes \
.... it Trill make a profound sensation." oearer cxpressinjj ' the religions \
—Boston Transcript. thought toward which" the ago 'is, \
j " Nobody is expecting snch a book; blindly tending, thaa any other ona \
it is a work pf genius. " work of the last quarter of « ceatnry." |
" —Gerald Stanley Lee.-. ' — Tisie. Washington. D. Cv \
" The book la a protest against much that is, and a. plaa for all that ought to bo." ft
It Is a ringingicalTf or the race to move on to its higher dssttnj. n — Theodore F. Seward t;
i I2mo, Cloth. . Price, $1.00.- Post-paid |
*p FUNK Ct WAGNALLS COMPANY. PubVs. 30 L&fayette Place. NEW YORK .
NINETY - FIRST ANNUAL EXHIBIT
UADTEflDF. E1DE
11 Ai\ iruiYi/ rii\L
INSURANCE COMPANY,
HARTFORD - - - - CONN.
JA..N u AJtv i 1, lyoi.
Total Assets. $10,920,374.93
Reserve; for Reinsurance 5,467,046.72
Reserve for All Unsettled Claims 655,148.40
Net Surplus over all, Including Capital stocK 3,548,179,81
SURPLUS TO POLICY-HOLDERS:
C+X »7QO I7Q Of
OVER $50,000,000.00 LOSSES PAID TO PATRONS.
Agencies in AH. Towns and Cities.
GEORGE L. CHASE, President. P. C, ROYCE, Secretary
THOMAS TURNBULL, CHAS. E. CHASE, Ass't SeCflS.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
313 CALIFORNIA STREET, 'San Francisco.
HENRY K. BELDEN,
Manager.
WHITNEY PALACHE - - Assistant Manager,
A great two-step by Eduard
Strauss, the waltz king, will
be given free with next Sun-
day 'a Call. This is a gem— do
not fail to get itfive minutes later than at Fort Point: the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 5.
REPORT MANY
SMALL CAPTURES
American Generals Aotive
in the Philippine
Distrlots.
CHICAGO, Jan. 4.— "This Is about the
fortieth time Aguinaldo has been killed,"
laughed Slxto Lopez, the Filipino envoy,
when he was shown the report to-day that
the Insurgent leader was dead, which had
come through President Wheeler of the
University of California and was based
upon the statements of Filipino students
in his charge.
"I think it would b« very foolish to at
tach any importance to the prattle of
these students," continued Mr. Lopez. "I
know the Buencamlno family in Manila
and I am certain thev are not in a posi
tion to be Intrusted with great secrets by
the Filipinos. Before the Americans came
Buencamlno was very loyal to the Span
ish. Then he became a Filipino leader
for a short time and now he is an Ameri
can. Aguinaldo was alive when I received
my last advices.
"But the death of Agulnaldo would
really not make so very much difference
In carrying on the campaign. There aro
other reneraJs in the field who are just
as capable as Aguinaldo and if he were
killed the war would so right on just the
same."
Mr. Lopez thought the war likely to
continue indefinitely unless some terms
of settlement would be agreed upon. He
described the organization of the Filtp
plnos as very strong and their determina
tion to win independence as unchange
able.
Received by Wheeler.
Sixto Lopez Laughs at the Advices
MANILA, Jan. 4.— Generals Wheaton
and Bates report many Email captures,
the destruction of insurgent camps and
the seizure of supplies, animals and other
necessities. Among the captures in
Smith's district was Colonel Techon. the
insurgent Governor of Tarlac.
General Grant Is personally In command
of a mounted expedition in the mountains
of Southern Pampangas, which, he says,
is the only locality where the insurgents
are iu force in his district.
insurgents entered Gapan and San Isl
dro. In General Funston's district, during
the night arid burned a score of houses.
Their firing was ineffective.
General MacArthur has commuted sev
eral death sentences of military courts to
Imprisonment.
Judge Taft's written opinion In the San
Jose college case was considered and In
dorsed by the Philippine Commission to
day. It will be made public to-morrow.
AGTJTNAXDO IS NOT DEAD.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given In th« left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the ord»r or occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column frives the last tide,
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heljrhts given
aro in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except ¦ when a
minus sign ( — > precedes the height, and then
the number Riven is subtracted from the depth
given by the chart?. The plane of reference
Is the m«-an of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
, The first NewB Letter of t the new cen
tury, out to-day, is a representative.week
ly Journal of modern civilization. The ed
itorial topics are timely and, to the point
and treated with tho customary.independ
ence. Reginald Schuyler, the : clubman,
writes on New Year's eve atrocities and
Lady Algy has muchi to say that "will
entertain the social swim and -the Looker
On and Town Crier show renewed sparkle.
To-Day's News Letter.
Potrero Club Wants Improvements.
The Nuevo Potrero Improvement Club
met last night in Rasmussen's Hall and
formulated plans to bring about certain
Improvements for their district. The fol
lowing resoultlon was adopted:
"Resolved, That C. F. Kimball, attorney
for. the- club, be instructed to demand of
the Board of Education that it pass a res-,
olution making requisition upon the Board
of Public Works for plans and specifica
tions for a sixteen-room schoolhouse for
Nuevo ' Potrero district. "Upon refusal to
comply with this demand Baid attorney is
Instructed to take such legal steps as he
may deem advisable to ascertain and en
force the performance of the duties of the
Board of Education In this. regard."
The following officers were elected ' for
the ensuing six months: Peter Btolberg,
president; Charles Memert, vice president;
Robert Gerdwood. secretary; Harry
Dempsey. financial secretary; Robert; H.
Davis, sergeant-at-arms; A. : D. . Pratt,
treasurer; C. F. Kimball, attorney for
club. ¦mn ¦"•
CINCINNATI, Jan. 4.— Th© Duke and
Duchess of Manchester, accompanied by-
Lord Lambert, I the Duchess' maid, the
Duke's vaJet and Zimmerman's butler left
to-nlght at 8:05 over the Cincinnati South
ern in Zimmerman's private car for an ex
tended trip through the South and West.
The first stopping- place will be Birming
ham, Ala., thence to N»w Orleans, thence
to San Francisco, returning bv way of the
Rocky Mountains. They expect to be gono
a month. •
ally Visit San Francisco.
Leave Cincinnati in Papa Zimmer
man's Private Car— Will Eventu-
MAN CTTKST KRB START
ON TOTJTt OF THE STATES
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— The following
dispatch was received at the Navy De
partment this afternoon from Admiral
Remey: v .- v,
"JIAXILA, Jan. 4.— Bureau of Naviga
tion, "Washington: An attack on the morn-
Ing of the 3d by tho Fourth Infantry,
marines and navy. Civite Vlejo, resulted
in the capture of one lieutenant colonel,
two majors, five captains, one lieutenant,
forty-eight private insurrectos and four
ladrones. REMEY."
Attack by Americans.
Admiral Bcmey Reports a Successful
Jollification of Retail Clerks
Mnre than £V) of the rrtall ejerks as-
Ferobled at R«>d Men's Hall. S20 Post
street. la«t nigrht to pive vent to thelr_5qy
at their Furcess in brln pi n*r about the
rsrly rioping movement. Bhort addresses
tr.'re made by poveral of th<? clerks. Ed
Bomnbetgr. secretary of th»» San Francis
co I>abnr Council, and Frank Pierce, the
¦Pacific CoaFt nrpaniifr for the American
Federation of Labor, also ppoke. Stringent
rules wrre made by which backsliding
ftorekeepers will be punished.
Italian Foreeters Install.
Court Ferrucio (Italian* of .the-Forest
ers of America net in Washington-squire
Hall last nipht. when the recently elected
officers were Installed for the current
year by Deputy Grand Chief Ranger A.
N. Cordelia, assisted by G. Crema, acting
8? herald. The new officers are: N. Lau
ritano. chief ranger: C. Parldo, sub
chief rangrer: C. Glnirul. treasurer: E.
Fnrmentini. financial secretary; P. Mag*
nelli, recording secretary: W. A. Quar
anta.. senior, and W. G. Navaehe, junior,
v.ardcn; G. Citrini. senior, and F. Ma
rino. Junior. b«»adlf»: G. Simonelii. <J.
Crema and L. Frezzini, trustees. At the
close of the ceremony there was an ad
journment to a restaurant, where the new
<*fcief ranker actr-d as toastmast^r. There
•u-^-re responded to sentiments by Grand
Pubchief Ranppr J. Heenan. Grand Sec
retary John J. Cordy. E. C. Stock. Jacob
Isabel and the newly elected officers.
Able Addresses. Delivered by Rabbi Voorsanger and Rabbi
Nieto to Their Congregations Last Night on Subjects
Pertinent to the Times'.
Is Kidnaped.
Prominint New York Real
Estate Man Believes Ohild
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— William L. Rad
ford, a real estate dealer of prominence,
reported at the Bureau of Information
early this morning that h© had reason to
believe that his 16-year-old daughter
Mary may have been kidnaped. The girl
was slightly 111 and was to have met her
father at noon yesterday at the Sixth
avenue elevated railway station at Thir
ty-third street. He was to have accom
panied her to his physician. She did not
keep the appointment He waited for
three hours vainly and then went home.
There he was *t old that Mary had left the
house in time to keep the appointment at
noon and that nothing more was known
of her.
Twentieth Century Fund.
Under the auspices of the Presbyterian
committee of the twentieth century fund
and in the interest of that fund a meet
ing- was held last nigrht in the Presby
terian church. The purpose of the meet
ing was to arouse the interest and enlist
the benevolence of Presbyterians for the
extension of the different branches of the
work of the church at the beginning of
the twentieth century.
Rev. Dr. Mott Purvis, chairman of the
committee, presided. The following
speakers addressed the meeting: Rev.
Marcus Brownson, E>.D., of Philadelphia;
Rev. Frank P. Elllnwood, secretary of
the Board of Foreign Missions of the
Presbyterian church; Rev. Charles A.
Dickey. D.D.. of Philadelphia, moderator
of the General Assembly, and Rev.
Charles Babcock, D.D., of this city. The
following laymen spoke: William "E.
Dodge Jr.. John H. Converse of Philadel
phia, vice moderator of the General A§r
eembly. and John E. Parson-
Mr. Brownson said that the movement
had been fully organized in twenty-seven
different presbyteries in different parts of
the country, and since it began $206,00)
had already been contributed. Later In.
the evening an announcement was made
that a gentleman whose name was not
Riven had contributed $175,000 for the
building: of a new church in Dover, N. J.
Dr. Ellinwood pleaded warmly for the
foreign missions and also for special ef
forts to pay off the mortgages, amounting
to half a million, on the Presbyterian,
buildinj? on Fifth avenue. He said that
half of that amount had been" already
promised by a prominent Presbyterian
in this city on condition that the board
would raise the remainder of the Bum be
fore March 12. The- board has 6lnce
raised 5102,000 to meet the indebtedness.
Trust Company Incorporates.
The certificate of Incorporation of the
North American Trust Company of New
Jersey, capital $100,000. has just been re
corded In the office of the CJerk of Hud
son County, N. J., and filed with the
Banking Department at Trenton. An
nexed to thi3 certificate is the formal no
tice of approval of William Bettle, the
Commissioner of Banking and Insur
ance of New Jersey, who certifies that the
establishment of this trust company will
be of public service and approved the
form cf the certificate. The new company
Is empowered by Its charter to do a gen
eral banking and trust company business.
The stock is subscribed as follows: Oak
lelgh Thome, $20,000; Alvah Trowbridge,
J20 (X"); Jame* B. Dill. $20,000; William H.
Kimball, $20,000; Alexander King, $10,000,
and Howard K. Wood. $10,000. Mr.
Thome Is the president of the North
American Trust Company of New York.
Mr. Trowbrldge is vice president of the
North American Company and is presi
dent of the Ninth National Bank. Mr.
Diil Is a director and one of the counsel
of the North American Trust Company
of New York. Mr. Kimball Is the presi
dent of the Seventh National Bank. Mr.
King is the vice president of the Ameri
can Thread Company, and Mr.' Wood Is
->the president- of the Corporation Trust
Company In New York City. The new
company, while a separate organization.
Is apparently formed for the -purpose of
transacting In New Jersey the business
of the banking Institutions with which
the men named are connected.
Sugar War in Doubt.
Officials of the American Sugar Refin
ing Company and of Axbuckle Bros, re
fused to-day to confirm or deny dis
patches from Chicago to the effect that
the war between the two corporations Is
about" to be ended. At the offices of Ar
buckle Bros, no one was willing to talk
concerning the report. An official of th©
American . Sugar .Refining Company said
the company would inform the public at
the proper. time whether the war would
be settled or not.
Bliss Leads Sound Money Men.
Cornelius N. Bllsn has been selected to
succeed the late W. I. Strong as chair
man of the Business Men's Republican
and Sound Money Association at a meet
ing held at the Fifth-avenue Hotel. This
organization, which was formed in 1S96,
has hereto/ore taken no part except In
Presidential political contests. It has now
decided to take an active part In State
and local campaigns. With this idea In
view a committee was appointed last
night to secure articles of Incorporation.
Calif ornlans in New York.
The following Calif ornlans are In New
York: From San Francisco— Dr. F. Bel!,
at the Astor; J. F. Clarke, at Oi© Nether
land; W. N. Eman. at the Amsterdam;
G. R. Goodell, at the Navarro; T. Bulk
ley, at the Imperial; I. A. Beretta and
F. C. Chinn at the Imperial: A. Rothmul
ler. at the Albert. From Oakland— J. H.
Ellis at the Belvedere. From San Jose—
M. E. Daily, at the Herald Square.
LONDON. Jan. 4.— The reports of an
outbreak of the plague at Vladivostok are
confirmed. There have been nineteen
cases, of which fifteen were fatal. Four
plague patients, are still in the hospital
and numbers are Isolated.
Owing to a recrudescence of the plague
at Smyrna a quarantine has been imposad
by Turkey and Greece on arrivals from
Eight Soldiers Killed.
A Constantinople special says: In the
course of a serious affray near Ishtib,
originating In an attempt to arrest a
number of Bulgarians suspected of being
emissaries of the Macedonian committee,
eight soldiers were killed. The troubles
Anxiety of Financiers.
The course of the Stock Exchange here
to-day indicates keen anxiety prevailing
in financial circles. Nearly all the house*
ere lessening their commitments and pre
paring to meet the next settlement— Jan
uary 16. Fears exist as to the effect of
the recent I-ondon and Globe crash being
felt more Ferevely on that date than even
on last settling day. Possibly the pre
cautions . taken will discount the source
of danger. In the meantime the public
is giving the market a wide berth and is
leavingsthe professionals ; to. get out of.
the difficulties. .- - . .:..-/';.«-.
Newfoundland Shore Dispute.
The stories in the Paris newspapers to
the effect that the Newfoundland shore
disputo -had been sattled by the exchange
of Gambia for French interests in New
foundland are quite unfounded. Beyond
conversations expressive of a mutual de-
Sire for a settlement there have been no
details whatever discussed. .
firmed,
Reports of an Outbreak at
Vladivostok Are Con-
FIFTEEN DEATHS
FROM THE PLAGUE
BT7HTON REPORTS ON
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL/
Provides for Many* New Projects and
Appropriations.
Repeals Former Conditional
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.-Chalrman Bur
ton of the River and Harbor Committee
to-day filed the report; or the bill. The
number of projects provided for. la 408,
of whlch'232 are rivers and 146 harbors.
The need of careful scrutiny of items, the
report says. Is shown by the fact that
they were selected from Improvements on
which estimates had been made by United
States army engineers amounting to $300,
000.000. Section seven of the bill repeals
former conditional appropriations on the
following projects and requires the money
to be paid over to the treasury: Yellow
stone River, Montana and North Dakota,
and the boat railway In the Columbia
River.
Although the. total of the bill is large,
reaching $59,935,415, the report states that
appropriations were made only when jus
tified by the requirements of navigation
and to prevent injury to unfinished work.
R.T/BBEB V TRUST PREPARES
FOR A BIO RATE WAR
Five Per Cent Cut Goes Into Effect
Soon Be Made.
at Once and Another Will
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— The United States
Rubber Company has cut the price of its
products, beginning to-day, 6 per cent and
the company will rebate* to Ur jobbers 6
per cent on all goods now on hand. The
present cut in prices is accompanied by
the announcement that another and more
severe cut will be made In April. April 1
Is considered the date for opening a rub
ber trade war.
'iltimHillMM ¦ • ¦ —
To Attend Crlmmins "Wedding.
NEW .YORK," Jan. "I'— John D. Crlmmlns
announced to-day that several members
of his family .. would soon start to Cali
fornia tfi be present at' the marriage of
his son Lieutenant Martin Crlmmlns/ to
Miss Margaret Cole of San Francisco.
The wedding will take place- January 16
in San Francisco. ; The engagement of
Miss Cole to Lieutenant Crimmlns after
a brief acquaintance was announced in
San Francisco last Sunday night.
FUTURE POSSIBILITIES
THOUGHT AND RELIGION
The controversy between Attorneys Cof
fpy and Collins as to whether Collins was
aware the stipulation <-ntf>red Into bc
two?n the poolseli* rs and Chief Sullivan
cjune to a climnx yesterday in Judge Mo
pan's court, when Coffey read, from the
record of the- proceedings in eonrt at the
time District Attorney Bylngton wanted
to repudiate any stipulation, as he had not
been consulted in the matter.
The record thowed that Collins admitted
the stipulation and insisted upon its being
carried out In its entirety, or that the test
cases then on appeal should be put back
on the Police Court calendars and hi.«
clients placed In statu quo. Coffey after
reading the record asked Collins if. In all
professional Integrity and honor, he could
deny that he was not cognizant of the
FtlpuJation.
Collins admitted that the record was
correct, but the only stipulation was that
all technicalities would be waived n^d
also a trial by Jury. There was nothing 1 .
he contended, to 6how that the defend
ents were to plead guilty to the remaining
cases in the Police Courts, and be there
fore asked that the cases should be set
for trial bv Jury. . .
The Judge said he would like f> read the
transcript of the record carefully to see
what construction could actually
placed on Collins* remark?, at.d with that
object in view continued the cases ot
Thomas Corbett. J. Smith. Jcf e r h ,,, B JP wn .
Joseph Mohan and H. W. Tike till Tues-
Edward Morgan, ono of the other de
frndants. pleaded puiHy through his at
torney. Porter Ashe. so as to carry out his
part of the Ftipulntion. and the Judge
lined him $10. which was at once paid.
Eight cases were also called in Judge
<"ahaniss' court yoptcrday, but as the at
tomevp wfre pneraprod In Judge Mogan's
rourt'the Judpe continued the cases until
This rncrnir.fr. Edward Wilson, one of the
n«t represented by Attorney
<^olllnp informed the Juupe that he would
plead guilty and abide by the stipulation,
av.A the J'idpe asked him to do so In court
this morning when the cases were called.
A Victor, one of the men recently ar
rested for selling pools In a cigar stand,
spp^ared before Judge Fritz yesterday
f.r.d the case was set for trial by jury on
Monday. A ver.ire for seventy-five tales
nien was issued.
Judge Mogan Has Taken Till Tues
day to Read the Record Care
fully Over Before Giving
His Decision.
Poolsellers' Attorney Is
Placed on His De
fense.
CORNERS COLLINS
OR STIPULATION
She Carries a Satchel Sup
posed to Be. Filled With
Counterfeits.
. — _»__ — :
No One Has Been Victimized and but
One Has Seen Her Money,
but Every One Is In-» , .>; I
terested/
Rlncon Hill has a mystery,, the. solving
of ."which may give work for. the; polled.
It Is a Bmall dark woman who travels': up
and down the streets with a small satchel
popularly supposed to contain hundreds
of counterfeit dollar pieces, which the
woman Is seeking to pass off upon.the un
suspecting tradesmen In the neighbor
hood. No one seems to know her. except
by sight, and no one. has so far taken any
of her bad money, but at least one is will
ing to swear she saw some of It, and was
nearly lured Into accepting one of.the
pieces. ,» ¦¦•¦>
The mysterious character is best knowo
in the vicinity of First and Folsom
streets. She has been seen there .quite
recently, but not for- the last few days.
Mrs. Demartlni. who keeps the fruit stare
near the corner of First and Folsom
streets, was the last to see the dark
woman with, the satchel full of money.
She came into the store to make some
purchases and offered, a very bad .dollar
to pay for what she got. She was told
the dollar was bogus, . but she only
laughed, and opening her satchel showed
that she had plenty more of the same
kind. She did not offer to put up a better
dollar, but left the place. Since then she
has not been seen nor heard from. ¦,-
It. is currently believed that she lives
somewhere on the hill, but just where no
one knows. Her name Is as much of a
mystery as . her people and occupation,
and but for the fact that she carries the
satchel believed to contain a store of
counterfeits . she would pass unnoticed.
There has been some talk of notifying the
police, but as no one seems to have been
victimized it Is not likely that such a
course will be taken. ; . .
RINCON HILL'S
STRANGE WOMAN
EXODUS OF LEGISLATORS.
Many . Senators ' and Assemblymen
Leaving This City for Sacramento.
The exodus of legislators to Sacramento
began yesterday. A large number will
leave to-day, some on the morning train,
but the great majority on the. overland
train at 6 o'clock this evening. There Is a
disposition to get > to Sacramento early.
Senator Thomas "Flint Jr. was among:
those who left for che capital city last
evening. Assemblyman w. C. Ralston,
who expects to be elected aa Speaker pro
tern., took on afternoon train for Sacra
mento. Dr. D. W. Hasson, the Orange
County Assemblyman, also left on a lace
train.
Practically the entire Alameda County
delegation and many of the San Francisco
members will leave thic afternoon. The
candidates for the clerkship are also rap-
Idly preparing to move on Sacramento.
Senator Robert Corlett came down from
Napa yesterday, but returned to his home
in the afternoon and will go direct from
there to Sacramento. : : .'
Senator C. B. Greenwell of Huenenie,
who was Assemblyman from the Sixty
ninth District In the last Legislature, ar
rived from the so'uth yesterday, as did
also Senator A. K. Nutt of San Diego.
Dr. W. V. Magganl of Corning, Senator
from the Fourth Senatorial District, com
prising Tehama and Uutte counties, was
among yesterday's arrivals.
T. J. T. Berry, Assemblyman from the
First District— Del ! Norte and' Siskiyou
counties— came down by steamer yester
day. Assemblyman H. S. Gans of Red
Bluff, Assemblyman Schilllg of Tuba City.
Assemblyman R£ H. Myers of Hanford
and Assemblyman H. C. • Carter of Los
Angeles all reached San Francisco yester
day.
Assemblyman R.'M. Clarke of Ventura
County claims the distinction of being the
youngest member ofths Legislature. Ho
was 21" years old In Mnrdh. In addition to
attaining his majority Mr. Clarke In other
ways rounded out the century in com
mendable style. He wag admitted to prac
tice as an attorney, In | April, .was elected
Assemblyman In November and was mar
ried In December.
PAT LUCIE'S WTLD
GOOSE A VOODOO
Exchanged for Nine Bottles of Smug
gled Whisky, It Lands Him
in Jail.
Patrick Lude. a saloon-keeper at
Crockett, and Captain Jefferson of the
British ship Helensburgh were' ordered
arrested yesterday by Customs Surveyor
Spear on charges of smuggling.
The Surveyor learned that Lude a few
days ago had received nine bottles of
Imported Scotch whisky and 600 imported
cigars that had been smuggled. The
cigars had been given to Lucle . by the
master of the British ship Fanny Kerr
from Newcastle when she was lying at
Port Costa. The Scotch whisky was
given to Lucle by Captain Jefferson.
J-.ucie, after his arrest, made a state
ment to the United States Attorney to the
effect that Captain Jefferson was an inti
mate friend of his and that the whisky
had been presented In exchange for a
demijohn of eggnog and a wild goose.' He
put the-nlne bottles on the shelf back of
the bar for sale.
Both prisoners gave bonds ana were re
leased. The Fanny Kerr has sailed away
and her master Is beyond the reach of the
law. - - ¦ - -' • ¦ - — • . - ...
The Fastest Time Yet.
The steamer Santa Rosa, from San Di
ego, L.os Angeles ancV Santa Barbara, ar
rived yesterday*, beating all previous rec
ords. The passengers were only about 17
hours from Santa Barbara. 22% hours
from Port Los Angeles. The steamer
marie an'averagft of 17V4 miles per hour
from Santa Barbara to San Francisco.
This fast service Is very attractive to the
southern coast travelers and is highly
appreciated by the people of Los Angeles,
San Diego and Santa Barbara.
Daingerfleld Increases Gain.
Judge Dalngerneld gained forty-eight
votes yesterday In hla.contest to the elec
tion of Thomas F. Graham. This brings
his total gain since the recount began up
to 2fti votes: and leaves him but 107 -votes
behind his opponent. - Further ; evidence
of peculiar counting 1 was discovered yes
terday In the Sixth Precinct of the Forty
fourth District. During the recount of
the ballots In that district Judge Dainger
fleld lost three votes through the ballots
containing, .distinguishing marks. Not
withstanding- this fact, at the end of the
recount he was credited with fifty-two
votes, the' same number credited to him
by the election officers, though no ballots
were thrown out- by them.
One way to remove dandruff is to in
sult *an Indian. • ' " v
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANTJARY 5, 1^>1.
RABBI JACOB VOORSANQER
OF THE TEMPLE EMANU-EL
OF THIS CITY.
PREDICTIONS POINTING TO 1
CONTINUATION OF GREAT STORM
Continued From Page Three.
9
CAPTUilE OF rNTSTJUGENTS.
THINKS DAUGHTER
HAS BEEN STOLEN
INTERESTING addresses were *.
made last evening by Rabbi Voor
sanger and Rabbi Xieto before
their respective congregations,
Dr. Voordanger dwelling on the
remarkable achievements of the
past century and the possibilities
of the prf ?ent one, whl|e Dr. Xieto
took for his subject the question of
modern thoiiKht and the duty of par
ents In teaching religion to their chil
dren. ' . V Y
Dr. Voorsangrer In opening his ad
dress said that the world had learned
in the past few days of the claim of
Nikola Tesla that he had discovered
a means of communication with the
planet Mar?. Continuing, he said: "The
pkrptlcal may cast ridicule upon the
o!alm of the scientist, but science
teaches that nothing is impossible.
Many of the inventions and discover
ies of the past century vere ridiculed
when first brought to public notice.
The proverb that there is nothing new
under the sun is Incorrect. Things ab
solutely new are being discovered con
stantly. In 1866, when T.emple Emanu-
El was dedicated, The Call
in reporting the proceedings dwelt on
the use of gas in the synagogue. The
use of gas In a building to-day would'
net call for any comment. The In
ventions and discoveries of such men
as Arkwrlght, Stephenson, Lister, •
Morse, White, Edison, etc., were
"ridiculed when first brought
before the public, yet they
were accepted and were of
the greatest benefit to mankind. The
past century has done more than all.
of the previous centuries, and none
can tell the possibilities of the present
one. Whatever the neyr century brings
forth, the greatest element for the,
benefit of mankind will be the moral
element."
Rabbi Nieto spoke on the growth of
modern thought and Its bearing on re
ligion. He said: "It would not be well
for children to grow up and be allowed
to thJnk for themselves. Religion can
not be understood by a mere visit to
the house of worship once, a week or
on other occasions by Fpecial, Invita
tion of the Almighty. Religion must
not be taught on Friday nights and
Saturday mornings only, but all the
time. It must be taught In the syna
gogue an dalso In the home. Our par
ents took their children to the syna
gogue and also in the home.- Our par
ln great good. If the parent remain
at home when he should go to the syn
agogue, so will the children. The In
difference must be set aside and rich or
poor, Intelligent or ignorant, high or
low must so train their children In re
ligion that when the rising generation
arrives at manhood and womanhood
their conduct and actions shall be such
as' will not make the parent "ashamed
of their offspring."
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon rl*ps
Sun rises ":2«
Sun sets ." 5:03
Moon rl*e9 ,.... *:0T p. m.
0 Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o H W t. W H W ¦ L. W - •
T~. 0::4 5.0 4:54 2.9 11:CS $.S 6:00 —1.0
«... 1:05 B.I 5:45 2.9 11:43 «.O ' «:43 -0.7
7 ... 1:46 5.! 6:37 2.6 12:40 6.6 7:20 -0.3.
8... 2:28 5.2 7:30 2.5 1:31 5.2 7:5S| 0.2
8... S:C4 B.2 8:30 2.5 2:23 4.« S:30| 0.7
10... 8:40 5.3 9:34 2.S 3:25 4.1 9:10 1.2
U ... 4:1S 5.S 10:361 1.9 4:33 3.8 0:55 1.7
r* Steamer. I From. - . I Due.
Steamer.
rom.
55 )
South Portland Portland and Astoria.. Jan. 5
G. W. Elder.... Portland ...Jan. i
Roanoke:...:... Seattle Jan. 5
Nome City Seattle Jan. S
Bonltft '-".-. Newport Jan. S
Queen... Diego Jan. 6
Pomona....;.... Humboldt .:.. Jan. S
Fultoni... :..... Grays Harbor Jan. «
Washtenaw..".. Tacoma ."...-. Jan. «
Empire Coo* Bay ....'..'... Jan. . 7
San Jose :.'¦ Xanalmo Jan. 7
Newport Panama & Way Port." Jan. 1
Mattewan...... Tacoma ;..?. Jan. 7
State of Cal.... Victoria * Puget Pound Jan. 7
Gaelic China and Japan.'....... Jan. 8
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. 8
Arcata... ." Coos Bay ; .. [Jan. 9
Corona. ..•....-• Newport .• ...Jan. 3
Crescent City.. Crescent City (Jan. 9
Samoa.. Humboldt Jan. 9
Eureka.. ....... Humboldt Jan. 9
Point Arena/. . Point Arena Jan. 10
Santa Rosa....'. San Diego Jan. 10
Columbia. ...... Porttand .: Jan; 10
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Jan. 10
Rainier... .' Seattle Jan. 10
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 10
Steamer. ;' Destination. I" " Sails. I Pier.
Albion....... Honolulu ....Jan. S. 20 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena... Point Arena.. Jan. 5, 2 pm Pier 2
Eurrka Humbolilt ...Jan. 6, 9 am Pier 13
Santa Rosa. Pan Diego.... Jan. «. 9 am Pier 11
Umatilla Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. «. 11 am Pier 9
Australia... Tahiti . Jan. «. 1 pm Pier T
Rival WUlapa Har. Jan. 7. 5 pm Pier '2
Curacao..... Mexican Pts. Jan. 7. 10 am Pier 11
Mexico.". Mexican Pts. Jan. -7. 12 m S \V, 4
Empire Coos- Bay Jan. S. 10 am Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt ;.. Jan.* 8. 2pm Pier 9
G. Elder.:.: Portland ; Jan. S. 11am Pier 24
Roanoke...'. Pan. & Way. Jan. *, 2 pm Pier 34
Bonlta...... Newport...... Jan. ?. » am Pier n
City Peking China & Jap. Jan. S. . 1 puilPMSS
Peru..".'.". .... Pan: *&>tl'ay.fJan. 9. 12 mlPMSS
Queen....'... San Diego.... Man. -9. 9 am Pier U
Nome City.. Seattle Jan. 9, .....". Pier 20
Fulton...... Grays Harbor Jan. 9. ...;.. Pier 20
Alliance...*.. Ptld&C. BJ»n. 10. ...... Pier —
State Cal... Vic fc-Pgt SdjJan. 11. 11 am Pier »
Arcata...... Coos Bay.%... Jan. 11. 12 m Pier 1»
Corona...... Newoort .....IJan. 1L 8 am]pi«r u
• - • . '. ¦
r* Steamer. I From. - . I Due.
Steamer.
rom.
55 )
South Portland Portland and Astoria.. Jan. 5
G. W. Elder.... Portland ...Jan. i
Roanoke:...:... Seattle Jan. 5
Nome City Seattle Jan. S
Bonltft '-".-. Newport Jan. S
Queen... Diego Jan. 6
Pomona....;.... Humboldt .:.. Jan. S
Fultoni... :..... Grays Harbor Jan. «
Washtenaw..".. Tacoma ."...-. Jan. «
Empire Coo* Bay ....'..'... Jan. . 7
San Jose :.'¦ Xanalmo Jan. 7
Newport Panama & Way Port." Jan. 1
Mattewan...... Tacoma ;..?. Jan. 7
State of Cal.... Victoria * Puget Pound Jan. 7
Gaelic China and Japan.'....... Jan. 8
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. 8
Arcata... ." Coos Bay ; .. [Jan. 9
Corona. ..•....-• Newport .• ...Jan. 3
Crescent City.. Crescent City (Jan. 9
Samoa.. Humboldt Jan. 9
Eureka.. ....... Humboldt Jan. 9
Point Arena/. . Point Arena Jan. 10
Santa Rosa....'. San Diego Jan. 10
Columbia. ...... Porttand .: Jan; 10
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Jan. 10
Rainier... .' Seattle Jan. 10
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 10
Steamer. ;' Destination. I" " Sails. I Pier.
Albion....... Honolulu ....Jan. S. 20 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena... Point Arena.. Jan. 5, 2 pm Pier 2
Eurrka Humbolilt ...Jan. 6, 9 am Pier 13
Santa Rosa. Pan Diego.... Jan. «. 9 am Pier 11
Umatilla Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. «. 11 am Pier 9
Australia... Tahiti . Jan. «. 1 pm Pier T
Rival WUlapa Har. Jan. 7. 5 pm Pier '2
Curacao..... Mexican Pts. Jan. 7. 10 am Pier 11
Mexico.". Mexican Pts. Jan. -7. 12 m S \V, 4
Empire Coos- Bay Jan. S. 10 am Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt ;.. Jan.* 8. 2pm Pier 9
G. Elder.:.: Portland ; Jan. S. 11am Pier 24
Roanoke...'. Pan. & Way. Jan. *, 2 pm Pier 34
Bonlta...... Newport...... Jan. ?. » am Pier n
City Peking China & Jap. Jan. S. . 1 puilPMSS
Peru..".'.". .... Pan: *&>tl'ay.fJan. 9. 12 mlPMSS
Queen....'... San Diego.... Man. -9. 9 am Pier U
Nome City.. Seattle Jan. 9, .....". Pier 20
Fulton...... Grays Harbor Jan. 9. ...;.. Pier 20
Alliance...*.. Ptld&C. BJ»n. 10. ...... Pier —
State Cal... Vic fc-Pgt SdjJan. 11. 11 am Pier »
Arcata...... Coos Bay.%... Jan. 11. 12 m Pier 1»
Corona...... Newoort .....IJan. 1L 8 am]pi«r u
• - • . '. ¦
Sun rises
Sun sets
Moon rl*ps
Sun rises ":2«
Sun sets ." 5:03
Moon rl*e9 ,.... *:0T p. m.
0 Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o H W t. W H W ¦ L. W - •
T~. 0::4 5.0 4:54 2.9 11:CS $.S 6:00 —1.0
«... 1:05 B.I 5:45 2.9 11:43 «.O ' «:43 -0.7
7 ... 1:46 5.! 6:37 2.6 12:40 6.6 7:20 -0.3.
8... 2:28 5.2 7:30 2.5 1:31 5.2 7:5S| 0.2
8... S:C4 B.2 8:30 2.5 2:23 4.« S:30| 0.7
10... 8:40 5.3 9:34 2.S 3:25 4.1 9:10 1.2
U ... 4:1S 5.S 10:361 1.9 4:33 3.8 0:55 1.7
For a Cold in the* Head.
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. May Kcwkfr.e Will H»lp Ev*ry
Women Sieve a Drunkard.
A Trial Package of Her Marrelous
Hoec Treatment j^REEfcr the asking.
Any trus •crciaan mi^ht well be proud to have
eared one poor so-l from the shackles of drink.
but Mrs. nawjiicsiias redeemed Uionsands ty
t' r :.'¦;? tea practical work among those rhc
fc-7e oeen rlctimsof intemperance. Mrs.Hawk-
lau tor years suffered the prief end anguish
eiiared by so raaaytrue and faithful women of
America to-fiay, \rboharedrlnU-Bf£lcted lath-
ers, husbands or sons. She determined to over*
coaae this fearful evil if possible. Her search
for a harmless, perfect and 6ecret home cure
was at last rewarded »hcn an old friend came
to her and pave h'r» remedy which had never
been known to fell Mrs. Hawltlns pave the
remedy secretly and in arewwreks.to her great
Joy, her dearest relative was entirely cured of
appetite for drink and was again restored to
health and manhood.
After this vrona^rtul result Mrs. Hawkins do-
c'.fied to flevcte h'.r life to the work cf belpici
her sisters everywhere, whom she found suffer-
ing' as she had suffered from the effects of tlco-
col upon a husband, father or son. Witb the
ass'st&nce or others she perfected the original
treatment and now o"crs to send thl« treat-
ment free to anjr distressed wlfe.mother or els-
t«r who will wrlt« ror it. Mrs. Hawkins' rreat
desire is that every wemaa who needs this
medicine will write at once to her and g-et It.
A'GmWol Woman.
MRS MAT HAWKINS. Grand BaplOa, Mich.—
I! y Dear Friend: Yon haw l«-ntb«mcansol brlng-
:: cf ur.shlnelaiomy bymo. Last AdfusiI pot roar
remedy and bepan frirjnjrlt toiny huH;and.6nd from
:hat tine until the p rrsont fce hasnot taken a drop of
tnykindof alcoholic drinks. Icarnoteartoo icttrti
torwha;yocrremMTha^«Jon<»formeantlIureeit»i
»fce!p^rtoai!Traothcrjist.eror »^lfe wbo Eball Dead
It Vojrfcfjacerelr. MRS.B. A. LiKC
East Uaapton, lie.. Feb. 14, 1«99.
Thousands have eaved their homes *nd loved
ones by tbis remedy and you can be among the
cumber if you only wish iu Mrs. Hawkins
treats erery letter she receives eaeredly cona-
aential and you need have no hesitancy what-
ever Jn writinij her for assistance. Do not de«
lay; writ* her to-day, iddress
Mrs. Mzy Hawkln' Box 12S. 6raod Rapid*. KicK
f ©t^l Stkaiard rcm»<tjf (or 6K»et, x-^v ]
' QZZ/l 6cncrrt.03i tad Rur.nlr.pa / wirtv 1 1
Ml 4S HOURS. Com Ktt»- IffilDl J I
1 ¦ /^| —yatf BlatKer TfOTbtet. >¦/ I
(UJ. I.ETTEB* JlRE PUBLISHED IT SPECIAL PZBXXSSIO:*.)
Iib V A A A REWARD. —We have deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, |30C0,
Vhilaail **leh will b« paid to any person wly> c.% n find that the above test imohlal !ctter3
nft. l! 13 S3 0 Rre not Benulne. or vrtro published before obtaining the writer's special per-
VVUVU mission. LTDIA E. PIN^HAM MEDICINE CO.
"I cannot say enough in regard to Lydia E. Pinkhain's Vegetable Compound.
It has done me more good than all the doctors. I have been troubled with
female 'weakness in its 'worst form for about ten years. I had leucorrhoea
and was so weak that I could not do my housework.
I also had falling of the womb and inflammation of the womb and ovaries,
and at menstrual periods I suffered terribly. At_times my back would ache
very hard. I could not lift anything or do any heavy work ; was not able to
stand on my feet long at a time. My husband spent hundreds of dollars for
doctors but they did me no good. My husband's sister wrote what the Vege-
table Compound had done for her, and wanted me to try it, but I did not then
think it would do me any pood. After a time, I concluded to try it. and I can
truly say it does all that is claimed for it. Ten bottles of the Vegetable Com-
and seven packages, of Sanative Wash have made a now woman of me, I have
had no wonjb trouble since taking the fifth bottle. I weigh more than I have
in years ; can do all my own housework, sleep well, have a prood appetite, and
now feel that life is worth living. I owe all to Lydia E. ¦pinkham's Veg-
etable Compound. I feel that it has saved my life and would not be with-
out it for anything. I am always "glad to recommend it to all my sex, for I
know if they will follow Mrs. Pinkham's directions, they -will be cured."
Gratefully yours, Mrs. Asme Thompson, South Hot Springs, Ark.
CHANGE OF LIFE. PROFUSE PERIODS.
five rears ngo with < i < V§^T^&>^ ?«i-s T ,^ C °r^. I^f^ 1C v y<^^>^
SllSb >#1|V »°^Ve£ /j^^K
nart a rel.tpse ami ,„ ** *32|| f t a b 1 e Compound I f?f R7>
thrdSt V or n aSSm> [ R^ If I "S^J if^^f
£??£ h^n D fo L I©' /\ «&«* the won- f 4 *\ H
work 6n £ I Va^W^L «t de^ ul ROod {t has ] k5L/ I
flowed very badly K||||f|^ fSittonswere*^ J^f^Z^X
until a year ago f^^fe^ prof use as to leave 7|^^^^^
then my stomach e ve eak for l^^^^C^
and lungs sot so some time after.
bad, I suffered ternbiv ; the blood ,,, -~ ,»'- ¦-,- ¦¦ t<1 , ¦¦ ,
went up in my lungs and'stomach, and J » also . troabled . W1^ h leucorrhoea,
I vomited it up. I could not eat tired feeling, bearing down sensation,
Bcarcely anything. I cannot tell what pain across the back and thighs. I
I suffered with my head. My hus- felt as though there was a_ heavy
band got me a bottle of Lydia E. Pink- weight in my stomach all the time.
ham'syegetableXbmpound, and before j have taken - bott les of the medi-
¦^.Sa^liiUcSSSS:- cine,andnowhavebetterhealththan
Mrs. Pinkham's medicine has saved my J haTe had for four y ear9 *
life. I cannot praise it enough." Mbs. Lizzie Dicksox Hodgs,
M. A..Dexso^, Millport, N.Y. Avalon, Ohio.
tetters Proving Positively that
tKere is No Medicine for Woman's
Equal to Lydia E. Pinkham's
Compound.
EVERY WOMAN
. jjlCL is interested arid should know
j^S^^Jk about the wonderful
Si«\ GdADUCI WHIRLING
P <> SLi.\ \ V, > A The new Vaginal Syrince.
to,KS i'.\As s 'Hi Injection ana Suction.
l\Vi>SS^ 2s^m| Eest-5afest-Most Con-
% L^C^C«» s ivi!w venient. It Cleanses
Instaatly.
A«k yoar inzxhi (or It. \-,. igl&r .r^'.l '^>^^****
If he carnot supply the \£JF^[ ' <5 ,_
MAUVEIj. accept no V..
other. b«i» i«nd stump fcrllli:*- \\ g ''''ifiX/.
irat^d hock— n«"»1ed. It k' t '"' ft'Jl X_V g jm
t^ urtVe-" ""si Vit vii?i."co 1 . 1 ! " **<¦' ji '/ v ,, v
noom20 3 riiiie«in<lr..AewYork t -~"vj i >^
Q visit OR- JORDAN'S great d
mnim c? mwm
§ €-3 iki ujszv: sy. un. zzxrx s.?.sq A
7 The Largest AaatscuoU Muxeusi la the \
m i^Bj—.^ V'osUL Weaka«"»» tr 4r>y conmctcd m
L dvn-ive i««Ul»r ly :uni! Py tbt oldlit Y
S I it? j ~A r a P eculU * t cn tlw CoaK Est. 36 y *t * y
'& &'&**& Oa.JCa3#J4-P!?rfAT£e!3£AStS^
\ » &»!£?}&. <-03«jltfri«i frte »nd tnictly prtr«e \
A I i7S/n Trt irmen- p-r%ona!iy or by litter. A Q
\ ¦ IT M •I* ot - ttw Cure tnwrery cue undertaken. \
Aw- B U&> Wnta for Book. PBiLO«>US > iaa'*ffJ
¥ • <{ II '• aaiiBMCs. MAiLao fus, iat
• i £ |« valuabia book tot tarn) \
7 nr. -t-,»ks3 a 31 & cm., va\ M.ir^st at. a r. f
FREE ELECTRIC BELT JJFFEB
T^ IAL la your owu home, w^
«w3i»JI*\SR^A'' i 53liu'' nl ' h th * eenufn* and
P^i)rVC^*Vvri>-|^,,-:^^N only HKIDBtBEKH ALTgRS 4T-
l?W?6^K«<S^*rr*^*J lsa Cf KB."-* - KHCTK1C BKLT*
1 WTSsszTTZilSFSfeteB **> an T •¦e»oer of this parwr.
VJSfig^^V^OV^Jf " S» BCH7 In miTM**! »»ry taw
">?&9*teir *<n!ipc«ltlT»fO.irt«1f?. COSTS
"v/^iW** ALMOST H3THINQ eompored
with most all other treatment*. cnr»» wh« >JU «tbjr *£¦
trie belt*. myiUam •»•" rrar4ln >»IL Q3ICK CU<tE tor
dtoeaaea, wnkimsea and disorders. For complete
gealM ronfldentUl paUlo«pi», tmtlhtt *«Mt «•< aail mm.
SEARS, ROEBUCK A CO., Chicago.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For- the Cure of Gonorrhoea, Clsot».
Strictures and analoftoas complaints
# of the Organs of Generation.
Price $1 a.bottU. * F or «ale by druggiita.
iZ ': NEW WESTERN HOTEL, i
KEARNT AND TVASHINGTOX ST3.-RE.
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. SOc to II SO day;
Jj to S3 week: JS to S3) month. Fro batoa: bot
and cold wattr avtrrroom: fir* grata* ia me/
room; elevator ruai aU aJfht.
|T ASK for Whe FULL, NAME 71
¦fill* -' ( - m^^w * r 1 -.*- i- ¦ ' : f £ • ItHm
imj To Obtain the best and safest Natural Laxttlrj Water Enonn to thn medical pro- ' jm
pjv fession, a neTcr-falllng remedy for all dliordeni of the stomach «nd llrer, of lnval- a*
jW uable serTioe to people of sedentary habits and an absolute cure for chronic itOi
I Lonstipationv i
[UJj * For Dyspe P sIa ' Biliousness, and for Htcdarbe arising from oTerloadlng the stnm- Mj
<•$> ach, no remedy in the world has been so thoroughly Indorsed by the medical' prof <*¦-,. <VV-
lUJ eion generally as this well-known Aperient Water. . . L , '' . :„ A [LQ|
SsT LARFL! ONI ROTTLF ¦*¦ blub . IK]
£& V" D !~ T V \* D^ ' • : Lm r t ) With" RED Centre Panel. £&
ADVERTISEMENTS.EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Grain and Produce.
Bradstreet f s Financial Review.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Bradstreet' s on Trade.
Continued on Paze Thirteen,
.*-— — — A
NEW TORK, Jan. 4.— Bradstreet' s to-morrow
will say:
* Trade . has been 4 quiet > in '¦; all * lines, interest
being concentrated ¦ largely , in stock , taking ' and
contemplation of 1900 results. * Colder weather
#— _ — . ._ — ___ . — _ . __£
¦ '.CHICAGO, Jan. .4.— While ;' the .volume-, of
business' in wheat was less than yesterday and
away. under recent ; days, the tendency
to" relinquish lately made gains was checked
and . a v substantial recovery % recorded. /Longs
sold \ at the beginning of • the - session because
cables were '¦ lower - and < outside : interests , were
doing " nothing. .. May opened lower . at
76VS@76ytc.v ' A rally to 77c. followed during the
flrnt hour on i the light : Northwestern receipts
and small -Argentine' shipments. On profit
taking the market following: this bulge reacted
>to ¦¦ 76%c. • but .this" In turn was: followed- by a
rally to 7T5»c t under: th» : influence of the report
that recently closed Minneapolis flour '.mills
would resume ) work Monday and .-buying by
exporters. The close was strong/ May lUc
higher, at '77%c, ; '
Corn "i- was ¦-., moderately active. :'. The wheat
strength • helped ' the market. ¦ May ; closed firm.'
%®%c higher at 27H#-7Hc. '•
Oats < were narrow. - The . strength of wheat
and . icorn- sustained' prices. May closed %c
higher at ; 24%c.V i •¦.
¦ Provisions were moderately active and firm.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld-Ask. Bld.Asi
4s quar ccup..H4ViU5 4s do cp <new).i37 1371 '¦
4s do reg.....,114 115 3s do coup. ...no in
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
£*, y C° PCo5«- 1(M1| 4 _ .oak Water 5». - ura
Cal-st Cab 58.115*4 — Oceanic SS Ss.IOSuJm v
C Water Ss.106% — . hm C Ry to!. 12S —
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Jan. 4—1 p. m.
There was a fair business on the morning
session of the Bond Exchanje. but quotations
showed no noteworthy change.
In the afternoon Gas & Electric sold down
to J44 BO.
A heavy business was done on ths Oil Ex
change in the morning, the largest sales being
in Petroleum at 2S'?30c. Monarch of Arizona
end Monte Cristo were weaker and Peerless
and Reed higher. The other stocks were sus
tained as a rule.
In the afternoon Peerless advanced to $7 23
and Reed to 76c. i
At a meeting of the dlrectora of the West
ern Meat Company on the 3d a dividend of t
per cent was declared on the company's cap
ital stock of $760,000. payable January 15.
The Montana Ore Purchasing Company ha*
declared a regular quarterly dividend of $1
per share and an extra dividend of $2 per
share, payable January 21.
The Napa Consolidated Mining Company
raid a quarterly dividend of 10c per share on
the 2d. The amount. Is $10,000.
The New IdrtA Quicksilver Mining Company
paid a quarterly dividend of lOe per . share
and an extra one of the same amount on the
2d. the two aggregating 120.000.
The stock of the California Wine Associa
tion, has been listed at tho Stock and Bond
Exchange. Ttaa number of shares reported la
42.727. The first sale of the stock In the board
was fifty shares at $100.
THE STOCK MARKET.
FLOUR-Callfornla Family' Extras,' $3 25®
Flour and Millstiiffs.
Chicago was firm at the closing price of the
preceding day. Trade was moderate and there
•was ?ome short covering, but more disposition
to buy. The feeling, however, was very un
settled. Commission houses sold. Flpur buy
ers have not been following the advance and
moat of the Chicago mills are closed down.. The
large line of Wheat controlled by the Gates and
Steel . and Wire coterie has been closed out,
but Counsel & Day have taken about 4,000,000
bushels during the past . three days and arc
said to-be still buying. Argentine shipment*
for the week are only. 72.000 bushels.
The San Francisco market was dull, feature
less and not msterlally changed beyond a
slight: recovery In futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1; milling. $1 02H@
1 05 per ctl. - . , ,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 12,000 ctls,
Jl 05>,4. • . '»••-
Afternoon Sessioh-4000 ctls. »1 03%; 8000,
U 0S%- 12. CM. *1 05%: 2000, $1 06.-,
BARLEY— The market continues to advance
under very light epot supplies and a good de-
Fe'cd, 77^4c ' for choice bright, 75c for No. 1
and 70@72%c for off grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, S0l?S5c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.'
Regular Morning Session— May— 4000 ctls,
73V4C : 2000, 73%C. ; •: . _ ': - • ¦ ;
Afternoon 1 Session — No sales.
, OATS— There are more blacks offering, as the
demand for seed has called them out. Whiles
are scarce and firm. Prices for all kinds re
main unchanged.
rt White. Jl 3001 50; Surprise.' , nominal; Red
Jl 25i@l 40 for Feed and Jl 35ig:i 43 - for Seed-
Grey, nominal; Black, for: Feed, Jl I5@i 20- for'
Seed. Jl 2oCM 30 per ctl. »¦:.. ¦ u ¦. >---
CORN— The market continues dull and un
changed, r . ¦ . ,
Yellow. Jl 12%<5fl 15; White. $1 10®i 13; East
ern > mixed, Jl 12% per ctl. 3U
RYE— S5@87%c per. ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 73® 2 per ctl
WHEAT— Paris was lower and Liverpool
weak. New York advanced from 81%c to 83c
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...... — . $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87>,i
Sterling Cables — 4 8SU
New York ; Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17<4
Fine Silver, per ounce ; — 63}»
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50% Q 61
Exchange and Bullion.
* — *
NEW TORK, Jan. 4.— Bradstreet' s Financial
Review to-morrow will say: Anticipations . of
a bull market at the end of the year and
the beginning of the 'new century were . fully
verified by the strength and activity displayed
on last Saturday and Monday, many prom
inent stocks making new high record prices on
thoso days. When the market reopened on
Wednesday the upward movement continued
with public buying on a' large scale, support
and manipulation being displayed in various
parts of the list. Before the end Of the day
there was, however, a slackening of the mar
ket's progress and the realizing sales became
rather more prominent than the buying, and
prices consequently eased oft some and later
reactionary I tendencies asserted themsel\Ss.
This was due almost entirely to the advance
of the Bank of England rate from 4 to 5 per
cent, made necessary by the reduction of the
Institution's reserve to 27^4 per cent of its lia
bilities, tho lowest figures of the kind In a
generation. On last Saturday the London mar
ket suffered from the collapse of a large min
ing promotion company, the London and Globe,
which precipitated a dozen or so of failures In
the mining stock section of the London Stock
Exchange. This had an unsettling effect on
the whole London market and was niomentar
lly felt on this side. It did not' however, pre
vent London from responding to tJie continued
improvement on this side and on Monday
Americans were the only strong feature there,
while the foreigners were buyers in New York.
Meantime, . however, bad news about the sit
uation in South Africa depressed consols, and
the unfavorable position of the Bank of Eng
land in the London money market was be
coming more of a factor. Consequently, -when 1
the Bank of England rate was advanced, giv
ing evidence that the position at London was
considered sufficiently serious to warrant a
radical step, liquidation of stocks on a heavy
scale set in at the Britjsh capital. Heavy sell-
Ing of our stocks for'forelgn account at once
resulted, the pressure from . this | source being
sufficient to unsettle the entire market.. The
favorable New York bank statement ! of last
Saturday, the general belief that further ad
vances in prices were imminent and the freely
circulated reports of various deals and devel
opments have In the meantime resulted in
a considerable Jncreasa of speculative commit
ments. The, market, in fact, gave evidence, of
an accumulation of weak specnlatlve holdings,
and though fresh buying and support appear
ed at the concession on Thursday, i the profes
sional ¦ element - In - Wall street ; quickly devel
oped a readiness to -work on the short Bide
Stocks were accordingly pressed for sale by the
bears and though ¦ , the ' foreign selling • had
slackened, the pressure from this source caused
considerable liquidation and dislodged many
insufficiently protected long holders of stocks
In Fomo cases, notably Jn American Sugar, the
break sassumed a sevete form, which had a
tendency to still further unsettle 'the market
NEW YORK, Jan.: 4.—COTTON— In the first
call prices declined 1©5 points In response to
disappointing Liverpool cables and in keeping
with foreign selling orders. : The low price
brought out speculative buying and local cov
ering and, in a short time quotations were ud
6@8 points, and for the rest of the session the
general tendency of variations, though slug
gish, was upward. A. flurry, of proflt-taklng
cut down, the; advance several points near the
close.-.- but ¦ on . the reaction ¦ there was nothing
in, the way of bear speculation noted. The
close . w«s I barely steady,* with prices net l@u
points higher. * ' . .
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
evaporated apples ruled steady and moderately
active, prompted by smaller receipts than
looked for and favorable . country advices. At
the close, ¦ however, prices were at. last night's
basis. State common were quoted at 4®5c:
prime. 4%®5Vic; choice. 5>4®6c; fancy, 6@7c.
California dried fruits were Inactive.
PRUNES— 3%@8%c per pound.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll<314c; Moorpark, 151316c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@20c; unpeeled, 6@9c.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. Jan. 4.— FLOUR— Receipts, 1S.
187 barrels: exports, 12,232 packages. Market
quiet but held with more • confidence at old
prices.
WHEAT— Receipts, 65,700 bushels: exports,
70.000 bushels. Spot— Market firm; No. 2 red,
82M<c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. fcOc elevator: No.
1 Northern Duluth. 87V»c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 91%c f. 0. b. afloat. Op
tions after a steady opening manifested
a bullish tendency and throughout the
session advanced steadily on active buying for
both accounts, partly for Wall street. Other
factors in the rlee were export rumors, better
cables , than expected, small Argentine ship
ments, renewed flour demand in the North
west and estimates for a decrease in Monday's
visible. Closed firm at %@lc net higher. Janu
ary closed S0%c; March, 81 9-16©82%c, closed
S2%c; May, 814@S3c.: closed SI%c.
HOPS-Qulet.
HIDES-Steady.
WOOL-Steady.
SUGAR— Raw, steady but quiet. Refined
dull. A
COFFEB— Spot— Rio, dull: No. J Invoice, 7c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 9%S13Vic Futures-
Closed rteady at a net decline of 6@10 points.
Total sales, • 1S.250 bags, including: January,
Jo 60; February. $5 70; March. »5 80: May. J5 85;
September, $5 8506; October, $6® 6 05; December,
JG 10.
BUTTER — Receipts. 940. Market steady.
Creameries, 17S25c: June creamery, 17@23c;
factory. im@16c.
EGGS — Receipts, 4335. Market firm. Western
average, at mark, -22® 26c; Western, loss off, 27c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NKW TORK STOCK LIST.
Fhare« Cloving
Sold. Ptnck— • Bid.
2«\r/M Atchinon 46*4
41, sno At^hison rrefd R9«4
*14.«VK) Baltimore & Ohin 85'
2.OO1 Baltimore and Ohio prefd 85%^
r/*> Canadian Pacific 91%
2.400 Canada Southern , tf
lfi.1t*> Ohrear^ake & Ohio 4114
B.BOO Chicago Great Western 17
rs.WW Chicago, Burlington A Qtilncy 142H
WO Chiearo. Ind A Louisville 25
1.200 Chirsgo. Ind & Louisville prefd 60
200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois K
S.tW» Chicago & Northwestern..... 173«
<7,<*0 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific. ..121»J
4.C00 C C & St Louis J7H
4.2O0 Colorado BoaUwrn 7%
l.ooo Colorado Southern lrt pr«tfd 42
10O Colorado Southern !d prefd - 16%
4.100 Delaware & Hudson.....* 182 '
2.000 J>4air are. Lack & Western 1M
• «S.4A0 T>nrer & H',o Grande «H
£.300 Denver &. Rio Grande prefd.......... S5?i
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— To-day was one of the
most exciting days in the history of the New
York Stock Exchange. The matter of record
ing the transactions on the exchange is in
exact at the best and particularly In such a
market e.s to-day transactions are likely to
be lost from the record. But there cannot be
any doubt that the aggregate sales for to-day
excted anything ever done before on the ex
change. The recorded transactions fooled up
l.S3V,a'.O chares, compared with the previous
record cf l.€22,S'I& shares on November 12, 1SO0.
There have been wider price movements than
any of those made to-day in individual stocks,
or In groups of stocks, but it is doubtful
whether there has ever been so violent a fluc
tuation in the average price for all stocks
traded in as from the low price to the high
price to-day. The confusion during the early
hours of the market, while the ultimate course
of prices was still In controversy, was beyond
a.11 description and the excitement during the
late hours of the day, when the demand was
at its height and prices were moving most rap-
Idly upward, warrants the use of the term
frenzy. Blocks of znany thousands of shares
of stocks were banaied about from hand to
hand among the brokers with no more appar
ent consideration beyond the. excitement of the
came than boys fhow In playing marbles. Con
sidering the extreme variations In prices and
the highly concentrated character of some of
the dealings, it is not exaggerating to say
that vast fortunes were made or lost on the
floor of the exchange during the day. The oc
casions are very rare when sentiment on thJb
exchange has been so abruptly changed from a
mood of depression to one of excessive exhilara
tion as shown to-day, though events have oc
curred to precipitate sudden panics In the
rcid£t of tpeculative excess. It would be use
less te attempt to analyze closely the causes
underlying euch a market. There was a re
crudescence In full force of the bullish senti
ment ¦which has stirred up the stock market
for two months part, and the effect was the
more acute by reason of the rebound from
yesterday's depression. The day opened with
the bears In a confident mood and they at
tacked the market wltb enthusiasm. The de
cidedly gloomy state of mind in London stock
circles was of great aid to them and they
were able to force declines running from 1 to
1 points at the very outset. Yesterday's sharp
reaction broupht in profit-taking and stop-loan
orders from many outside sources, but the evi
dences of support were sufficient even in the
opening dr-allngs to serve as a warning to the
bears, and they began to cover very early.
The rebound In Sugar on the etory of a settle
ment of the trade war was In its effect a back
pet for the bears. The powerful level which
moved the whole market was St. Paul. The
Mory current for some time that the road
Is to be leased to the Northern Paclflc and
Great Northern on the guarantee of a dividend,
¦with xrrellminary distribution of the company's
priiat surplus, received renewed credence, al
though there was no additional confirmation.
The variations wrought in this tale in th»
current rumors were almost infinite and will
probably never be straightened out _ until an
official authorized statement Is given out. It.
Is sufficient to state now that the price moved
upward as a r<*ult U% points from the low
level of sales of over 24?.000 rhares. Notwith
standing feverish vlbrationo the price closed
within M cf the top. Parallel with thin rise
was an upward movement in Northern Pacific
of s points and In Great Northern preferred
of 7 points. Without attempting to specify
other Individual movements, it is sufficient to
*ey that the rains In ail the stocks most ac
ttrely traded in ranged from 2 to over 6
points, and in New Jersey Central the rise
reached nearly S points. The market closed
btsH Intense excitement and furious activity.
¦with many stocks at the top price* and rising
buoyantly.
Recoveries In the bond market were not so
peneral as in stocks and the weakness of many
railroad hnrifls perrlrted. Total sales, par
¦value. C36A.OO0.
United Pta:*« new 4s coupon declined 1 per
<y>nt; do reriFt^red. 94. and refunding 2», >J; old
<s coupon advanced \tl
New York Stock Market.
Vegetables—
Asparague. per lb3O0— Onions, per lb.... ja—
Artichokes, dx73c©n 23 Okra, dried, lb...— <»2S
Beets, do* 1M&- Peppers, jr.. lb._t%®—
Beans, white, lb.-154J20 Potatoes, per lt>. «# —
colored. p«r lb.io«— Rhubarb, per lb..— ©15
Lima, per lb.... S^IO Sweet Potatoes.lb »#—
Cabbage, each .. 5O— Parsnips, per dx.l0&— >
Cacltaowers, ea... I®— Radlshes.da bchs.l5®29
Celery, head I®— Sas-e. Ant bnchn..K«»
Cress, doz bncl^s.l^iin String Beans, R>.._)^—
Cucumbers, pr dz..$2 00 Thyme. p«r lb 2&t*3O
Egg Plant, lb ftxre"!55 Turnips, per d*..in<»— .
Green Peas. lb.... SSlOi Tomatoes, per lb..tC$P—
Lettuce, per coz.ll'aZ'i
Fish-
Barracuda. l3i9iniShad 3913
Carp 84)13 Sea Bass — <OU
Codfish ..". 12013 1 Smelts liS—
Flounders WU\i, Poles 10^—
Halibut 10'3l5. Skates, each 8813
Klngflsh 9»— iTomcod — «1S
Mackerel U©— Clams, gallon 50<J>—
Do. Horse ...._*H«— T>o - hardshell, lb S©19
Perch 104*12 Crabs, each ....12H8>—
Pom pino 90<#— ' Do. softshell. dx40*P—
Rockflsh 12H©— Mussels, quart fc919
S.timon. fresh 20®— Oysters. Cal. 100.40664
Do smoked ....— *rlS Do. Eastern, di.lo^W
Shrimps 8®10
Butter and Eggs are cheaper ca dar larvar
supplies. Cheese shows no change-
Poultry Is rather dearer, but Ga_« la e_eaper
owing to liberal supplies. There Is little chaos*
In Meats.
Fruits and Vegetables remain —boot th«
same.
Ccal. per ten—
Cannel J ®12 00 Southfleld
Wellington .. @11 00 Wellington — ©11 M
Seattle 9 0CQ Coos Bay .... @ 7 E0
Dairy Produce, etc. —
nutter, choice, sq.M® — 'Common E^rffS-.—.JO©- -
Do. good 35'a4olRanch Eggs, per
Pickled S5@4O dozen KJ©33
Tub, per n> 25t£— | Honey Ccmb, per
Cheese. Cal 15«1TI pound 15/831
Cheese. Eastern. ..17#2O Do, extracted... 10<S12
Cheese. Swiss 20^35
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 13#lS!Round Steak ....10O—
Beef, choice _<«20 Sirloin Steak ....15©—
Do. good —Sill Porterhouse do ...20&—
Corned Beef —*» 10 Smoked Beet —CIS
Ham 12 / 313|Pork. salt ........i;gl3
Lard — ©lSIPork Chops- 15013
Mutton 10'rfi: Pork Sausages.. UHffca
Lamb —©12 Veal 12O13
Pork, fresh 15#—
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 600731 Doves, per dn*..S5<!«J!l
Young Kuosters, O/aall, per di.$l 7S©3 53
each 63#9O English Snipe, per
Old Roosters. ea-.5C!g65j doten I2®2 S
Fryers, each 80® — (Jack Snipe ..'. $i 75
Broilers, each 50<®€0! Mallard, pair 50@6O
Turkeys, per Tb..309~ l Canv_sback J0@65
Ducks, each 6Cg3O' Sprig 40^50
Geese, each.. .11 M@l 73 Teal JO'S*)
Pigeons, pair 40050 Widgeon 35343
Rabbits, pair 400— Small Duck K©3a
Hare, each — 'ill) Wild Geese, pair. — 050
Fruits and Nnt»—
Almonds, per lb..l5CJ0>Lhnes, per do«....IO©lS
Apples *tP 5 Lemons, £ox UQ2S
Bananas, doa ....20<923 Raisins, per lb £&—
Oranges, dox 15S50 Walnuts, per lb..l5G3O
Family Retail Market.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
El; minimum, -SV; moan. 50.
WKATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of considerable energy overlies the
southwestern portion of the country. Heavy
rain has fallen from Pen Harford north. An
area of hi£h rressure moving southward from
Alberta, will j'robably retard the eastern pas-
F«*e of the l>ixr jsil furce it southward and
probably a littie westward.
The pressure has riser. rar>idly over the north
ern half of the Pacific Coast and conditions are
favorable for temporarily fair weather Satur
day north of San Francisco.
liastbour.J travelers are warned of heavy
enows in the mountains and cold weather on
the i'lair.s.
A rainfall ci 2.44 inches is reported at San
Luis Ob:spo. The following maximum wind
velocities are reported: Sacra-memo. 30 miles
per hour, from the south; Portland. 26 miles,
Irom the west; "VVinnemucca, 2& miles, from
the south, and Salt Lake City, 30 miles, from
the eouth.
Forecast mace .at San Francisco for SO hours
ending midnight January 5. 1&01:
Northern CaJiforr.ia — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Saturday, with occasional rain; brisk
eoutherly winds; snow in the mountains.
Southern California— Rain Saturday; brisk
eoutherly winds.
Nevada— P.a'.r, cr enow Saturday.
Arizona — Snuw In northern j>ortioa Saturday;
rain in Eouthem porticr..
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, unsettled
weather Saturday, with occasional rain; fresh
southerly wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
In spite of the interruptions. of the holidays
and of the usually heavy annual settlements
In all lines of. business, the new year opens
with indications of further progress. There
Is no lack of 'contracts offered at steady prices
in the country's leading industry and in some
departments of cotton . goods there Is a bet
ter movement, though . speculation has de
pressed the price of the raw material. Other
wise a decline in wheat Is the only noteworthy
move instanced. It Is. explained by a reduc
tion in the flour output at Minneapolis, somo
mills shutting down, while the foreign demand
at Atlantic seaboard cities Is not brisk. The
ordinary measures of business make gratify
ing exhibits. No alteration has yet been made
in quotations of steel products and this In
dustry Is on such a firm foundation that most
large concerns have maintained wages at the
old scale, instead of making the reductions
anticipated. Iron ore prices are also unchanged
and no action Is now expected until March,
although - a ¦ lower rate was looked for • early
ta January.
Coke is firmly held at ConnellsvlHe and there
are fewer idle ove-ns, while the much discussed
fall In prices seems confined to inferior quali
ties at outside furnaces. Pig iron sells freely
for delivery up to April and there is no indica
tion of weakness. All finished products are
eagerly sought, many large contracts having
been placed for structural material and others
are under consideration. An American com
pany Is the lowest bidder for the large bridge
at Sydney harbor, Australia. The purchase
of seven hundred acres near Plttsburg by a
leading steel company Indicates great enlarge
ment of Its plant. Aside from one reduction
of wages at blast furnaces in the Mahontng
and Shenango valleys, the week's news is most
encouraging in this, the greatest of American
industries.
The market for textiles has been featureless,
as the holidays and stock-taking reduced busi
ness to limited dimensions. Wool has again
declined, making the average of 100 quotations
19.2C cents, according to Coates Bros.' circu
lar. Sales at three chief Eastern markets
amounted to only 3.121.000 pounds for the week.
and there Is much uneasiness over the state
ments .of largest stocks at the end of the
year, . while recent failures have not tended
to Improve the tone. Cotton goods have not
the same difficulties to contend with, but an
abnormally high price for raw material acts
as & check on this industry. Local jobbing
and retail trade is brisk In : boots and shoes
and many manufacturers are behind with or
ders. Yet uneven distribution of business has
left some shops ready to make concessions.
Shipments from Boston for the week were
82,443 cases, against 91,665 a year ago. Sole
leather Is purchased freely, but less activity
in upper tends to weaken prices. Exports of
sole from this 'city were heavier In December
than in any previous month last year, but
the total for 1900 fell 3C6.936 sides below 1?99.
For the first time In many weeks there was
some recovery In hides In Chicago.
DOMINION OF CANADA.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 1 California, 6s
4%d; No. 2 red Western winter. 6s %d; No. 1
Northern spring. 6s 3%d. Futures— Firm;
March, 6s 2%d; May. 6s 2%d.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, easy. 4s
%d; American mixed, old. firm, 4s 2d. Fu
tures — Firm; January, 3s 10%d; March, 3s 9%d;
May. 3s 9d.
LONDON, Jan. 4.— Consols, 97 5-16; Silver,
29 5-16d; French rentes, 102f 2214c; wheat car
goes on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1
Standard California, 30s 9d; imports Into
United Kingdom, wheat. 266.000; Imports Into
United Kingdom, flour, 219,000; wheat and flour
on passage to United Kingdom. 2,420,000; wheat
and flour on passage to Continent. 740,000.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 4.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 4d@63 4%d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, quiet; weather In
England, foggy.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 17-32d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
with 7S3.CG3 bushels of wheat valued at $177,200;
British bark Centeslma for Antwerp with
wheat valued at $95,000; British bark Sofala
for the Continent with wheat valued at $74,000.
PORTLAND, Jan. 4.-^WHEAT— Steady at
E6c for Walla Walla for blue stem.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 4.— WHEAT— Quiet afld un
changed; blue stem. 57%c; club, 55c. 1
Cleared— British steamship Hyson for Europe
OREGON'.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jaa 4.— Clearings, $463,
752; balances. $37,3S6. _<
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
poor to 'medium. $3 65Q5 20; cows, $2 65@4 15;
stockers and feeders, %'i 758*4 40; heifers, $2 75®
4 50: canners, $2@2 60; bulls, $2 90®4 40; calves,
$4 £0®6; Texans, fed Heers, $4®4 90; grassers,
$3 30® 4 10: bulls, $2 50-53 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-0ay, 20,000; to-morrow,
20.00C ; left over, 3000: market generally 10c
higher: clcsed easier; mixed and butchers,
$4 93@5 25; good to choice heavy, $5 0&S3 25;
rough heavy. $4 90®5; • light. $4 9005 20; bulk
of sales. $5Q'5 15.
SHEEP — Receipts, 6000: sheep and lambs, 10®
15c higher: good to choice wethers, $3 75@4 70;
fair to choice mixed, $3 40®3 85; Western sheep.
$3 75® 4 65: Texas sheep. $2 60tg3 65; native
lambs, $435 75; Westsrn lambs, $505 65.
CHICAGO, Jan. 4.— CATTLE— Receipts, 4000;
steers about steady; butchers' stock slow to
¦hade lower; good to prime steers, $5 30<@6 10;
ket abroad, closing at $17 for Lake Superior
and $16 62% for casting and electrolytic here and
£72 7s Cd in London. Domestic iron markets
were without any change as to price or fea
ture. Trading was confined to supplying'Im
mediate requirements at appended prices: Pig
iron warrants, $9 50O10 50; Northern foundry.
$15@16 50; Southern foundry, $14 60@15 75; soft
Southern, $13«rl5 75.
English markets continue on their downward
course, again scoring a loss of Is 6d to 55s 6d
at Glasgow and 6d at Mlddlesboro. Lead was
¦very dull and nominally quoted at $4 37%, at
which price there were sales of small lots of
pig lead. London reported unchanged prices
at £16 Ss 3d.
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW YORK. ' Jan. 4.— Speculative dealings
in the metal market were very meager. To
day's cables from London furnished little if
any Incentive In either Hrie. but, however, the
market displayed a general weak undertone
in the absence of support from buyers. Spel
ter was the only metal changed on the list
and 2Vt points lower, owing to an absence of
buyers, closing weak at. $4 10@4 15. Tin, in
strong contrast to the activity of yesterday,
was very dull and nominally unchanged both
here and In London. Copper ruled dull lo
cally, despite a weak and somewhat lower mar-
« — — : — - — — — — *
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Feb. Mar. May.
Opening 6 1T_ 6 1T4 6 2%
Closing ......61% 62% 62%
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.-Jun*.
Opening 19 60 20 75
Closing .• 19 60 20 75
Flour-
Opening 25 45 • 26 65
Closing 25 45 26 65
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.-The - following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the -bank clear
lng-s at all principal cities for the week ended
January 4, with the percentage of increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
C2%h Meridian— Paclflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 4-3 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
peaeon. and rainfalls in last 24 hours:
Weather Report.
Isurnal Revenue Collections in this dlttrist
In December were J2C7.274, the leading items
being as follows: Beer. SS0.125: fruit spirits.
$30,642; grain spirits, 1*6.291: cigars, $20,662; ci
parettes, JilTl; tobacco, $4735; documentary
etamps, JCLTiS; proprietary stamps, $11,418.
Internal Revenue Collections.
The markets here were fiat at the opening
to-day, but a general recovery took place In
the afternoon on. a more favorable view of the
outcome of the Whltaker-Wright : group col
lapse. Americans were the center of Inter
est. They opened hopeless on New York's
overnight prices, sales being well nigh Impossi
ble In some cases, but presently • good buying
was observed at the lower level and when New
Ycrk opened cheerful ther« was a sharp re-
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial : cablegram says:.
London Market.
L837.900 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
TJ S 2a refunding, L & Nash uni 4s.. 100%
reg 105 N Y Cent lsts ....10C%
do coup 105% N J Cent gen 5s. .127%
do 2s re* 109% No Pac 3s 71%
do coup 110 do 4s 104%
do new 4s reg. ..137 If Y C & St L 4s. .108
do coup 137 Norf & W con 4s. .100%
do old 4s reg 114 Or Nav lsts 110%
do coup 114% do 4s 103%
do 5s reg 112% Or S Line 6s 129
do coup 112% dt» con Es 113%
Dls of Col 3.65s... 12S Reading gen 4s .. S3%
Atchison gen 4s...lC2»j ROW lets 38%
do adj 4s 87ft St L & I M con 5s. 114
Can So 2ds 10& St L & S F gen 63.125%
Ches & Ohio 4%b..1O4 St Paul cons 186
do 5s ..: 121 St P C & Pac lsts. 117%
C & N W con 7s. .139 do Es H9U
do S F deb Ss 125 ISo Paclflc 4s 83%
Chi Term 4s 9i%jSo Railway Es ....111%
Colo So 4s 84%'S Rope & T 6s.... 71%
D & R O 4s 100% Tex & Pac lsts. ..115%
Erie een *j ... 85 do 2ds ..' 85
Ft W & D C lsts.. 78 Union Paclflc 4s ..105%
Gen Elec 5s 157 Wabash lsts 118%
Iowa Central lsts. 116 do 2ds 108
K C P & G lsts.. 100% West Shore 4s ....113%
M K & T 2ds 76% Wis Cent lsts .... 85'i
do 4s 97%|Va Centuries 86%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief „ 16
Alice 45 Ontario 5 75
Breece 1 *<5 Ophlr 70
Brunswick Con ... 20 Phoenix 10
Comstock Tunnel . ill Potosl 15
Con Cal & Va..... 1 8S Savage u
Deadwood Terra .. 65 Sierra Nevada .... 2;
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes 60
Iron Silver CsjEtandard 3 70
Leadvlll«*Con Ml
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Rubber 24%
Call loans 4£3 Union Paclflc 82%
Time loans 405 Union Land 3
Stocks— . West End 9314
A T & St Fe 47% Bonds—
Do prefd 89% Atchison 4s 101%
Amer Sugar 140% N E G & Coke 6s 70%
Do prefd 117% Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 155% Adventure 10%
Boston & Albany.. 253 Allouez Mln Co.... 3
Boston El 159" Amal Copper 91%
Boston & Maine.. .193% Boston & Mont. ..321%
Chi B & Q 142% Butte & Boston.... 80
Dominion Coal .... 38%|Calumet & Hecla.835
Do prefd 108%j Centennial 23%
Federal Steel 5« Franklin t.... 18%
Do prefd ........ 76% Humboldt 60
Fltchburg prefd ..139% Osceola 65
Gen Electric 188 Parrott 49%,
Do prefd 156 Quincy ....; "173'
Ed Elec III 245 Tamarack 323
Mexican Cent ..... 14H Utah Mining .«3S
N E Gas & Coke... 14 Winona $«'
Old Colony 205 Wolverines 49
Old Dominion 31
E4.S0O Erie .". 21%
45,400 Eri« 1st prefd 66
4,200 Great Northern prefd 194H
COO Hocking Coal 16%
100 Hocking Valley 41%
4.300 Illinois Central 131%
4.200 Iowa Central , 26%
2,250 Iowa Central prefd &3%
W0 Lake Erie & Western 44
Lake Erie & Western prefd 112
Lake Shore 235
11.400 Louisville & Nashville 87%
2J,300 Manhattan Elevated U8%
6.S00 Metropolitan Street Railway 168%
6,200 Mexican Central 14%
200 Minneapolis & St Louis 69%
2oO Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 102
7.400 Missouri Paclflc 73
Mobile & Ohio 45
220 Missouri. Kansas & Texas 15%
11.100 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 45%
6,000 New Jersey Central 134%
12.0TO New York Central 144'A
7.0X) Norfolk & Western 43%
100 Norfolk & Western prefd S3 ¦
160.800 Northern Pacific 87%
13.4W Northern Paclflc prefd 88
3,700 Ontario &. Western 30H
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
10S.400 Pennsylvania 151%
4«.1<X> Reading- 28
41.SKX) Reading 1st pwfd 71%
42.E00 Reading 2d prefd 41%
200 Rio Grande Western C5Vi
Rio Grande Western prefd 90
4.200 St Louis and San Francisco 23
l.yOO St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd SO
2,600 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 65U
4.200 St Louis, Southwestern 1S%
11. 100 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 4oH
243.700 St I*aul 15S%
:00 St Paul prefd 190
200 St Paul & Omaha 128
34.1C0 Southern Paclflc 42V4
22.000 Southern Railway 21%
8.6C0 Southern Railway prefd 71V*
1L70Q Texas & Pacific 25
14LS00 Vnion Paclflc 81%
6.100 Vnion Pacific prefd 83*i
COO Wabaeh H'U
5,200 Wabash prefd 2aH
3,'X-O Wheeling & L E 12H
2,500 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 29%
l.SOO "Wisconsin Central 15%
100 Third Avenue 118
9.250 National Tube 67»i
900 National Tube prefd ..1C5
Express Companies—
Adams 145
100 American 185
United States 68
Wells Fargo 135
Miscellaneous—
700 American Cotton Oil 30?*
American Cotton Oil prefd 90
100 American Malting 4%
300 American Malting prefd 26%
12,000 American Smelting & Ref 55%
1,000 American Smelting & Ref prefd 96H
American Spirits 11%
American Spirits prefd 17
8.9C0 American Steel Hoop 31%
1.400 American Steel Hoop prefd 77H
17.900 American Steel & Wire 44H
600 American Steel & Wire prefd 87
17,9<)0 American Tin Plate 6?%
American Tin Plate prefd 60
17.500 American Tobacco 113%
American Tobacco prefd 138
500 Anaconda Mining Co 47%
41.300 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 84
5,600 Colorado Fuel & Iron 51%
16.500 Continental Tobacco 40%
1.000 Continental Tobacco prefd 9Z%
22.200 Federal Steel 5C
500 Federal Steel prefd 70%
2,100 General Electric 1S7
CM Glucose Sugar 51%
....... Glucose Sugar prefd 93
1.500 International Paper 25^4
000 International Paper prefd 73
Laclede Gas 72%
2,600 National Biscuit, ex dlv 42H
National Biscuit prefd 94
200 National Lead 19
National Lead prefd *.. S2
3.200 National Steel 42%
3.200 National Steel prefd 93
2,400 New York Air Brake 160
2.5C0 North American 2014
100 Pacific Coast E8%
Pacific Coast let prefd 89.
Paclflc Coast 2d prefd C6
2.200 Pacific Mail 40%
16,100 People's Oas 104
1.2C0 Pressed Steel Car 60
Pressed Steel Car pj-efd 62%
Pullman Palace Car 198
Standard Rope & Twine 5%
109,700 Sugar 140%
400 Sugar prefd US
9.100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 63%
6,300 United States Leather 13H
500 United States Leather prefd 76%
C.800 United States Rubber 25
3,900 United States Rubber prefd 71
7,100 Western Union 83%
Republic Iron & Steel 16%
EO0 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 64
P C C & St Louis 69
17,400 Amalgamated Copper 91%
) On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dull. Creamery, 15@23c;. Dairy,
12@20c. Cheese, dull, lOUOH&c. Eggs, quiet;
fresh, 22c.
Articles — -' A. - 5 Re&ipts. Shipments.
Flour, bushels ..."86.000 47,000
Wheat, bushels 217,000 36,000
Corn/bushels .".... .;.437.000 234.000
Oats, bushels ....340,000 247.000
Rye. bushels 14,000 3,001
Barley, bushels 70,000 10,000
FOR FRIDAY. JANUARY 4.
Flour, qr sks ... 1.63S Hides, no tS9
Wheat, ctls 46C Leather, rolls ... RJ
Oats, ctls 375 Tallow, ctls 224
Beans, sks J.20O Wool bale 1
p ,?^,**' 8k9 — 4iK2 WIn «' k* 1 ' ."V."_a.os>
Middlings, sks .. 50 Sugar, ctls ...... K9
Hay. tor.i 220 Quicksilver, fiaks *03
Pelts, bdla 130 Lime. bbl« ...ZZ 4»
Receipts of Produce. ] * *
BAGS — San Quentin Paj^s, J3 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags, June ar.d July, 6%c; Wool Bags,
ZSHigsS^c: Fleece Twine, 7H<«.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington. $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $7: Coos Bay
$5 CO; Wallsend. |9; Co-operative Wallsend ©•
Cumberland, , $12 In bulk and $13 25 In sacks-
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $U: Cannel. $ld
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and $13 in
eacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $s 45 p«r
2CCO lbs and $9 DO per ton. according to brand
RICE — China mJx«d. $4 2CX34 2j; Xo-1 $4 TDia
4 85; extra. $5®3 50: Japanese. $4 93(g5 50; Louis
iana. $4<&6 50; Hawaiian, nominal.
SALMON— Round lots are quoted aa follows:
Alaska red. $1 20; medium do, 51 10: pink 85c-
Columbia River. Chinook, II 73 for tails and
$1 S3 for flats; barreled Salmon. $10 for Alaska
barrels and $0 50 for half-barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in lCO-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.15c: Powdered. 5.73c; Candy Gran
ulated 5.73c: Dry Granulated. 5.55c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.65c; Magnolia A. 5.23c: Extra C
5.15c; Golden C, 5.86c; barrels, 10c more; halfl
barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 60-lb bags
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-bar
rels. 6.40c: boxes, C.65c per lb.
General Merchandise.
Prices for Hogs, after remaining stationary
for some weeks, have at last changed, as th»
packers bave ad\-anced their bids, owinsr to
lighter supplies. Other Meats show no change.
BEEF— 708c for steers and 6a7c per lb lor
Cows.
VEAL— Laree, SfiSc; s— all, 9«10c per lb. •
MUTTOX-Wethers, 9S9%c; Ewes, 8HS9c per
pound.
I,>MI_ K(n(\u. c per lb.
PORK— Live Hoes. S^c for small and SKo for
medium and o 1 *'©:; 3^ for lanye; dtock Hogs and
feeders. 5V4c; dressed Hogs, 7 ! i'384c
San Francisco Meat Market.
fall or medium skins, 20c: winter or thin
cklns, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angora*. 73c;
lartfp.-ind smooth. 50c: medium. 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb: No. 3.
3©3%c; grease. 2©2%c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is nnotable as follows:
Northern, free. 15@16c; Northern, defective, 12®
14c; Middle County, free. 15#16c; Middle County,
defective. 12ffl4c; Southern Mountain, 13
months'. 9310c: Southern Mountain, free. 7
months', llffll'c: Southern Mountain, defectl-e.
7 months". M?llc: Humboldt and Mandoclno. 14
©17c: Nevada. 13(316c per lb.
Fall clip— San Joaquln. i'-*U*c: do Iambs. $Q
9c; Middle County. 9®10c; Northern Mountain,
free. 10®lle: Southern Mountain, 7%3S%c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, llS12c per lb.
HOPS— 12fl6c per lb.
tS 1 ?!? 1 -"?. 1 ' 4 buying In the street, al-
E hv g M« e pubUc !s now inclined to fight
6hy. Money was plentiful.
CLOSING. •
T.h?^" D ?, N 'TT Jan - *•— Atchison. 46%: Canadian
f™ r^" ?« ; UnlOn Paclflc Preferred. 83%; North
ern Pacific preferred. 68%; Grand Trunk. 7V; ;
ounr & 9% - Bar SIlv er. quiet, 29 5-16d per
ounce. Money. 3% per cent.
Nexv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— Money on call, steady,
at S%®5 per cent; last loan. 4% per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 4Xfl5Vs per Bti , sterling
exchange firm, with actual business In bank-
M S i»ui!_ l .?i$ WSfiViQMSeK for demand and at
li f?^f£, 82Vi for 8lxt J* da >' 8 : Posted rates,
*4 8 u (g4 87; commercial Mils, $4 8H404 81%. 811
y. er certificates. 64%®65c. Bar silver^ 63%c.
Mexican dollars. 49%c. Government bonds, ir
regular; State bonds, strong; railroad boods
irregular. . '
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4._To-day'a statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund
gofdT'mssi^ 1 ' C4 «\ balance. $l«.067.5S0;
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet and steady: No. 3 spring wheat,
63<672%c; No. 2 red, 75@78c; No. 2 corn. 3CV 4 c:
No. 2 yellow, 'S6Uc; No. 2 oats; 23%@24c; No. 2
white, 26U(f26%c: No. 3 white, 25%@26%c; No.
2 rye, u20>53c: fair to choice malting barley,
SS@63c; No. 1 flax seed.- $157; No. 1 - North
western, $1 57@1 58; prime timothy seed, $4 70:
mess pork, per barrel, $13013 10; lard, per 100
pounds. $7®7 02%; short ribs sides (loose). $6 53
1i'G 85; dry, salted shoulders (boxed). 5%©6%c;
short clear sides (boxed), $7 0507 12% ; whisky,
basis of high- ? wlnes, $1 27; ''sugars, cut loaf.
6.29c; granulated, 5.70c; confectioners' A. 5.69c;
oft A, 5. 54c 5 clover, contract grade, $10 50. ¦
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
______ — — _ *
Silver considerably lower. Exchange unchanged.
Slight recovery in Wheat futures. Barley higher and firm.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay in lighter receipt and steady. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Pink Beans higher. OtJicr descriptions Unn at previous prices.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables quiet and steady.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs lower all around.
Poultry firm under light supplies. Game exactly the opposite.
Oranges loivcr and zvcak. Lemons also depressed. Limes steady.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisuis flat and nominal.
Provisions stand as before, with a quiet market.
Hides zveak and quiet at the decline. Wool and Hops neglected.
Hogs at last advanced under lighter offerings.
Articles— . Open. ,-HIgh. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— 7
Januaxy ....... 73% ¦ 1i% 73 74H
February 74^ 75H 74V4 75Vi
May 76& 77% 76V» 77ft
; Corn No. 2 —
January 86 36H 85% 36V4
February 36% 36^ 26V4 36*»
May.... 37% 37% 37 37%
Oats No. 2— ¦_¦... •
January 22?4 2274 22% 22%
May 24^ 24% 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January ..13 05 13 07^ 12 95 13 05
May 13 05 13 20 .13 00 13 15
Lard per 100 pounds-
January 6 97% 7 02% 6 97% 7 00
May 7 15 7 17% 7 15 7 15
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-^
January ...., 6 67^ 6 73 6 67# 6 73
May 6 80 6 82% 6 75 6 80
Hides are weak and quiet at the decline. Wool
and Hops are very dull.
;,1 HIDES. AND SKINS— Culls and £mnds sell
about lc unSer quotation*. Heavy Pnit-.i Steers
9Hc: medium, 9c: light. SiSStie; Cow Hides. 8Hc
for heavy and SiiSVic for light: Stags. «e4Uc'
Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal. 9c: Salted Calf"
10c: Dry Hides. ISHc: culls. 13Hc; . Dry Kip!
15c; Dry Calf," 15016c: culls and brands 14c-
Sheepskins, shearling*. 2(X5?3Oe each; «hort
Wool.' 3O0S6C each; medium. 60<873c: long Wool.
7.*>e«i$l each: Hor«e Hides, salt. $2 5*$2 73 for
large and *2{T2 25 for medium. $1©1 13 for small
and 50c - for colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for
large, $1 50 for rr.e.ilum. $1 25. for small and 60c
for colts.. Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 25c:
Quotations remain undisturbed, and business
Is quiet.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. lUgll^c per lb for
heavy, 11HQ12c for light medium. 12H©13c for
light, 13%<B :14c for extra light and 15fl5<4c for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 11HO
12c ;' Mess Beef , $12 50 per barrel: extra Mess.
$13; Familv. $14; extra Prime Pork, $16; extra
clear. $19 60; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c per
pound.
'LARD— Tierces quoted at 6\c per lb for com
pound and 9*4c for pure: half-barrels, pure
9V;c; 10-Ib tins. 10c: 5-lb tins. lOVia.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 8^4c; thre«
half-barrels. 8c; one ', tierce. 7%c; two tierces,
7$ic;<flve tierces, 7Hc per lb.
Hides, Tdllozu, Wool and Hops.
The market continues fiat at nominal quo
tations.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes. 3c;
40-509, 7c; 6O-60s, 5%c; 6O-70s, 3\c: 70-SOs, 3%c;
S0-90s. 2%c; 90-lOOs, 2«ic; 100s and over. 2»; ru
bies, Uc premium; Sonomas, He and San Joa
qulns, He less than Santa Claras, except 100a
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6@
8c for Royals and 10#10&c for Moorrarks;
Evaporated Apples. 5<U'tjc: sun-dried. SHii-iSc;
Peaches. • 4@5c for standard. 54/Sc for choice
and 6»i@7c for fancy; Pears. 2ft7c; Plums,
pitted. 54}6^4c; unpitted, IiglHc: Nectarines, 5®
6%c for red and i^Qtc for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
Reason of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy. 12o
per lb; choice, lie: standard. S%c; crime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy. IOVjC per lb: choice. 9V4c: standard, 8%c:
prime. Sc; unbleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless*.
r.O-lb boxes. 6»£e: 4-crown. 7c; London Layers,
2-crown. 11 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. Air
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California. '
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7H<39c per lb for Italian:
Walnuts. No. 1 softshelU lie: No. 2. 8c: No. ¦ 1
hardshell, 10c: No. 2, 7 1 ,»c: Almonds. 12®13c for
rapershell. 9@lle for softshell: Peanuts, E@6c
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts. 13c; Pe
cans. 11913c: Cocoanuts, $3 5085.
HONEY— Comb. 13V4014Hc fcr brieht and 12H
©13c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7%@Sc; light amber, extracted. 6>i@7c; dark.
6fi6'ic rer lb.
BEESWAX— 24 @*6c per lb.
Provisions.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
A car and a half of Oranges sold at auction
as follows: Fancy Navels. $1 50<§l €5; choice
do. $1 40*31 50; standard, $1@1 10.
Oranges and Ltmons continue -weak and
quiet. Limes (Stand the same. A few Alliga
tor Pears came in and sold at $l'g"l 50 per
dozen. •
Choice Apples continue in moderate supply
and firm, but inferior lots show no Improve
ment. Pears are offered lightly, and meet
with poor demand.
Cranberries are very scarce.
' DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—30<8€0c per box for common and 85c
®$1 25 for good to choice; Spttzenbergs, $i@l 75;
Oregon Spltzenbergs. I1©1 25; 'Lady Apples,
$li31 50 per box.
PEARS— Wc®$l p«r box.
CRANBERRIES — Jerseys. <12: Wisconsin*.
113 50: Cape Cod. $14 per barrel: Coos Bay, 12 30
©2 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges $1®2;
Seedlings, 50c@$l; Tangerines, nominal; Man
darins, $1©1 25; Lemons, 25c® ll 25 for common
and $150<&2 25 for good to choice: Grape Fruit.
B0c®*2: Mexican Limes. *4 6035: California
Limes. 2T.ii 35c ; Bananas. $1©2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $1®2 per dozen. - > . *
Deciduous and Other Fruits.
Butter, Ch'eese and Eggs were lower. Ex
tra creamery was steady at. the decline, but
medium and lower grades of Butter were weak
and accumulating. Supplies of Cheese continue
light, but the demand Is quiet. Eggs are In
moderate supply, and the demand is light, and
receipts are expected to Increase sharply after
the storm.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 21.100 lbs Butter, 602 cases California
Eggs, cases Eastern Eggs, 7500 lbs Cali
fornia Cheese and lbs Eastern Cheese. '
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extra*, 25c; firsts. 23c: seconds,
21c
Dairy— Extras, 21c; firsts. 13c; seconds, ISc;
store, 15c.
Storage — Creamery extras, 22 Vic; firsts, ac:
seconds, 20c; dairy extras. .
Pickle— 19c per lb.
Keg — 20c p»»r lb.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 12Hc; choice.
lie; common, nominal; Young Americas, 13c;
Eastern, full cream, 15©16^4c per lb.
EGGS—
California ranch— Selected white. 30c; mixed
: colors, 2Sc per dozen.
California gathered— Selected, 27c; standard,
26c; seconds, 25c
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, 26c;
seconds, . . /
Storage — California fancy. 25c; standard. ;
Eastern fancy, 25c; standard, ; seconds,
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Game continues to drag. Receipts yesterday
were about 125 sks, and there was considerable
stock carried over, which had to be taken care
of. hence the market continued depressed.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 12@14c for Gob
blers and 13® 14c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
15@18c: Geese, per pair, $1 73@2; Goslings, $1 7f«
@2; Ducks, $4 50@5 for old and $5 5Of£6 for
young; Hens, $4@5 50: Young Roosters. $6<H6 50;
Old Roosters, |4ff4 50; Fryers. *5 5O®6: Broil
ers, tzaiii) 50 for large and *4®5 for small ; PlK
eons, $1@1 25 per dozen for old and $2 25®2 50
for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $150; Mallard, $2@3; Canvas
back, $2@3; Sprig, $1 50©l 75; Teal. $1; Wid
geon. 75c<J?$l; Small Duck. 50@75c; Black
Jack, $1; Gray Geese. *3; White Geese. $1;
Brant. $1 23@1 50 for small and $1 75®2 for
large; Honkers, $304 50; English Snipe, $1 75;
Jack Snipe. $125; Hare. $125; Rabbits. $1 25&
1 CO for Cottontail and $1 for Brush; Doves, 65©
75c per dozen. >.-<• ¦_. •
¦ Arrivals of Eastern Poultry this week have
been light, amounting to only five cars, and no
more is expected until Monday. As receipts of
local stock have been limited, especially since
the storm, the market Is very firm, and prices
table?, and they are quiet. Potatoes and
Onions stand about the game.
POTATOES— River Reds, 70g85c; Burbanks.
80@40c for River and $1®1 23 per ctl for Sa
linas and 60'3S5c for Oregon; Sweets, 35*3403
for Rivers and 75S90c for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 65@2 per ctl; Cut Onions, $10
1 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 5®6c per lb;
String Beans. C@9c; Cabbage, 90c: Tomatoes.
Lcs Angeles, $1@1 75 per crate; Egg Plant, Los
Angeles, 10@12c per lb; Green Peppers. Los
Angeles. 4"35c per lb for Chile and S@10c for
Bell; Dried Peppers. 9® lie; Dried Okra. 10@15c
per lb; Carrots, 23<g3oc per box; Hothouse Cu
cumbers, $1 50 per dozen; Summer Squash.
$1 50 per box; Garlic, 4®5c per lb; Marrowfat
Squash, J10@15 per ton; Mushrooms, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
The stgrmy weather is against Southern Vege-
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The demand for Pink Beans la better and
prices arc higher. The other descriptions show
no change.
BEANS-Baycs. $2 £002 70; Small White.
$4 C0@4 65; Large White. $3 65®3 80; Pink. $2 10
@2 25; Red. $2 73@3; Blackeya, $3; Limas, $5 50
©5 65; Pea. $4 25© 4 50; Red Kidney. *3 75®4 per
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, "^nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. J2 50@2 75;; Canary.
3V4c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 7%®9V£c; Rape. 2%©3c; Hemp, 434tfc;
Timothy, 4$4%e.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $2#2 60; Green. $2 70
©3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
Offerings of Hay. are light and are absorbed
upon arrival. The feeling is consequent^
steady. There Is no change In FeedstufTs.
BRAN— 514S15 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-J1S 50«19 50 top ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $lG@n per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the _mlll. $25^««; Jobbing,
$:6 50; Cocoanut Cake. $1'81S; Corn Meal. |26©
26 10; Cracked Corn. *26 30®27; Mixed Feed.
J1 H AY — Volunteer, $3@8; Wheat. »11@13 60;
Wheat and Oat. 110*512 50; Oat. |9®12; clover,
nominal; Alfalfa. $Sg9 50: Barley. $7 50@3iO
rer ton. h . ' ,
STRAW-35®47&e per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
2 50,' usual terms; Bakers" Extras, $3 1S@S 23;
Oregon, $2 75@2 85 per -. barrel for family and
%2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers', $2 75
63. :
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are * as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, *3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, |S 73; Rye
Meal. *2 SO; R!ce Flour, ?7; Corn Meal, « 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50; Hom
iny. $3 6003 75; Buckwheat Flour. $434 25;
Cracked Wheat. S3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, {3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $6@
7 25; In sacks. $5 75@7; Pearl Barley. *5; Split
Peas. $5; Green Peas, J5 50 per ICO lbs.
has proved>'a slight' stimulenf- to the retail
trade . In winter goods, but stocks In retailers'
hands are reported large. Cereals and provislona
have advanced this week,. while stocks have de
clined, but the upward movement has been one
of those familiar of late, a short selling with
small fluctuations, limited by a feverish desire
to bag profits. Railroad earnings hold up well
for the Beason and the great dividend pay
ments on record were reflected in the largest
day's bank clearings ever reported at New
York. Failures show the usual largo crop of
email disasters, • a feature ¦ of the turn of the
year, but the - results for ; 1900 as a whole are
not all discouraging. December bank clearings
hold the record, although, the total of 1900 as a
whole is 8.6 per cent behind 1899.
Ootton is rather quiet and unchanged on the
week, while . cotton goods are without much
movement, . except as to slightly weaker quota
tions for gray cloths at Boston. Fall River
mills have paid 7& per cent for 1900 and an
average of 6.50 per cent for eleven years past.
Spring, trade In prints and- glnffhams has be
gun In fair volume at Boston. Wool is dull and
rather : easy. Outside of , the United States,
however, the. situation U a strong one, aa In
dicated by the firm Melbourne and London
quotations. Manufacturers will- only i buy
against orders, and except In plain dress wool
ens nothing special is doing.
All branches of the leather and kindred trades
are in apparently cheerful mood.
Lumber Is rather quiet, but it is to be noted
that pine stocks are slightly smaller than last
year. . War is reported broken out in rub
ber firoods and quotations have certainly been
cut. Sugar. prices are also lower, while coffee
(roasted) has been advanced, which is charged
to "readjustments."
The feature of the week in iron and steel has
been the large sale of steel rails reported, and
from Chicago particularly, reporting 25,000 tons
sold in one lot. This spirit of activity contrasts
strongly with the quiet reported In nearly all
finished lines and also in raw pig. •
Structural material makers have been getting
good orders and brldgemakers are looking for a
heavy business. This month may witness the
eettlement of the vexed ore situation and also
some readjustments of wages to lower costs.
Bessemer iron producers have reduced wages 15
per cent. Export trade Is still quiet, and It ia
notable that for the first time In years exports
of . manufactured goods In November were
smaller than the year before.
' What locked for a while like a real bull
movement In wheat developed at the close of
last week. Realizing by^Jthe bulls lost most of
the advance, but there Is a feeling in the trade
that a strong operator could materially affect
prices In the present condition of the market.
Corn arrivals are still of notably poor grade
and quotations are higher In sympathy with
¦wheat and on large export movement.
. Wheat, Including flour, shipments for the
¦week aggregate 3.914.301 bushels, against 3.66S,
155 last week, 2.609.C82 In the corresponding
week of 1900. 6.860,268 in 1899, 3,481,576 in 1S98 and
3.108.6S8 In 1S97.
From July 1 to date this season wheat exports
were 0S.0C5.E78, against 106,503,875 last season.
and 128.388,971 In 1898-99.
- Business failures for the week number 268 In
the United States, against 213 last week, 229 in
1900. 237 in 1899. 333 In 1898 and 488 in 1897.
The ¦ opening ' was -. higher • on an advance In
prices at the yards and on heavy shipments.
A | good cash demand.; outside ; buying and I the
grain strength helped. May pork, closed 17%c
higher; lard. 5c higher; ribs, 7%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ CAI/L, SATURDAY, JANUARY 5, 1901.
Bank Clearings.
Foreign Futures.
Dun's Reviezu of Trade.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Chicago Grain Market.
CITIES. Percentage.
Amount. Inc. Dec.
CITIES.
Amount.
iPercei
Inc.
New York $1,688,959,072 42.1
Boston 15S.4S2.54O 13.3
Chicago 13S,12S,O58 3.8
l'Mladelphla-... 1CO.664.877 4.7
St. Louis ; 46,262,658 1.1 ....
HttEburg 35,533,413 36.9 • ....
Baltimore 21.719.1C3 .... ' 6.9
Ban Francisco 21,727,890 4.7
Cincinnati .......... 16,938 SiO
Kansas City 15.S42.5SS 32.S !.!.
New Orleans 11,190,513 5.7-
Minneapolis 11,015,204 10.8
Detroit 9.004.25S 4.0
Cleveland 12.277, WO 15.1
Loulbville S,260,!»O9 3.8
Providence 7.391. S0O 11.1
Milwaukee 5.77S 573 . . 4 2
St. Paul 4,367,462 .... 6.6
Huffalo 4,804.93a
Omaha 6.882,200 6.3
Indianapolis 6,132 300 ... *>4 1
Columbus, 0 6.030,900 4.0 '..'..
Savannah 3,666,073 l 5
Denver 3.909,943 •.... 13.1
Hartford 3,253,037 .... 13.2
IMchmond 3. lS2."ai 6.3
Memphis 2.031,307 32.9 ....
Washington 2.427,246 10.5
Peorla 2.122.UB4
Kochester 3,444,333 39.2-
New Haven 1,590, S62 .... 3.9
Worcester 1.533.71/6 6.0 ....
Atlanta 2.1S3.499 16.9
Salt Lake City 3.294.231 43.0 ....
Springfield, Mass... 1,640.877 8.9
Fort Worth 2,423,150 21.5
Portland. Me 1,335,258 1.2
Pcrtland. Or 2,087,824 11.0
St Joseph 3,243.839 .... 10.4
Los Angeles 2,188.407 11.6
Norfolk 1,080,751 .... Is. 4
Syracuse 1,394,897 .... 10.2
Deb Molnts 1.575.6S0 .... 4.4
Nashvill* .1,623,147 3.7
Wilmington, Del.... 1.040,633 12.8 ....
I"aJl River 1.510.801 16.7 ....
Scranton 1,232,835 2.0 ....
Grand Rapids 1,276,601 13.7
Augusta, Ga 1,031,861 65.8
Lcwell 583,243 .... 7.8
Dayton, 0 1.1S2.414
Seattle 1,799,265 2.5 ....
lacoma 1,022,401 15.4 ....
SpckaDe 1,193,450 1.9 ....
Sioux City 550,260 .... .2.1
New Bedford 364,518
Knoxville. Tenn.... 677,253 17.3
Tcpeka 906,636 45.8 ....
Birmingham l.Oll.US 16.3
Wichita 2S7.160 .... 3S.4
Binghamton 402,6ui .... 15.0
Lexington. Ky 517.6S6 19.3
Jacksonville, Fla... - 236.849 25.7
Kalamazoo 3S6.338 .... 5.6
Akron 326.S0O 8.6
Chattanooga 2^6,623 .... 15.6
P.ockford, 111 245,000 9.3
Ccntcn, 0 270,400 6.5
Springfield. 0 316.638 9.7
Fargo. X. D 364.212
Hioux Falls. S. D.. 162.S44 1.2 ....
Fremont. Neb 110.194 .... 14.0
Davenport 1,045,543 .... 14.0
Toledo 1.832,009 .... 23.4
Gclveston 7.976.CO0 2S.9
Houston 7,002,347 12.2
Helena 6ol,C24 ....
Kvansvllle E2«,9S5 .... 29.2
Macon 681, COO 30.2
Little Ilock 668.C77 25.5
Springfield. Ill 57S.S1S 26. 7 ....
\oungstown 325.8S0 20.8 ....
Colorado Springs.... C66.9S5 .... ....
—
Totals, U. S |2,r.W, 175,743 23.5
Totals outside New
York 720,216.671 8.4
CITIES.
Montreal
loronto
Winnipeg
Halifax
Hamilton
St. John. N. B
Vancouver
Victoria
Percentage
Amount. . Inc. "Dec
$14,454,113 SS.ff ....
11,633.741
2.530.206 .... )2.9
1.660,667 .... 5.4
891.675 .... 5.8
C51.975 .... 4.6
669.2J2 .... 31.6
479,695 .... 23.8
12,971,364
9.
This
| Last
s'S,
. I Seasor
j S3. ll
4
12.40
8.6S
13. S2
1J.T1
«•"
13. IS
o.iv
5.0S
.?S
1 12. S3
r -q
«-:«
1.73
2.60
This
| Last
s'S,
. I Seasor
j S3. ll
4
12.40
8.6S
13. S2
1J.T1
«•"
13. IS
o.iv
5.0S
.?S
1 12. S3
r -q
«-:«
1.73
2.60
CITIES. Percentage.
Amount. Inc. Dec.
CITIES.
Amount.
iPercei
Inc.
New York $1,688,959,072 42.1
Boston 15S.4S2.54O 13.3
Chicago 13S,12S,O58 3.8
l'Mladelphla-... 1CO.664.877 4.7
St. Louis ; 46,262,658 1.1 ....
HttEburg 35,533,413 36.9 • ....
Baltimore 21.719.1C3 .... ' 6.9
Ban Francisco 21,727,890 4.7
Cincinnati .......... 16,938 SiO
Kansas City 15.S42.5SS 32.S !.!.
New Orleans 11,190,513 5.7-
Minneapolis 11,015,204 10.8
Detroit 9.004.25S 4.0
Cleveland 12.277, WO 15.1
Loulbville S,260,!»O9 3.8
Providence 7.391. S0O 11.1
Milwaukee 5.77S 573 . . 4 2
St. Paul 4,367,462 .... 6.6
Huffalo 4,804.93a
Omaha 6.882,200 6.3
Indianapolis 6,132 300 ... *>4 1
Columbus, 0 6.030,900 4.0 '..'..
Savannah 3,666,073 l 5
Denver 3.909,943 •.... 13.1
Hartford 3,253,037 .... 13.2
IMchmond 3. lS2."ai 6.3
Memphis 2.031,307 32.9 ....
Washington 2.427,246 10.5
Peorla 2.122.UB4
Kochester 3,444,333 39.2-
New Haven 1,590, S62 .... 3.9
Worcester 1.533.71/6 6.0 ....
Atlanta 2.1S3.499 16.9
Salt Lake City 3.294.231 43.0 ....
Springfield, Mass... 1,640.877 8.9
Fort Worth 2,423,150 21.5
Portland. Me 1,335,258 1.2
Pcrtland. Or 2,087,824 11.0
St Joseph 3,243.839 .... 10.4
Los Angeles 2,188.407 11.6
Norfolk 1,080,751 .... Is. 4
Syracuse 1,394,897 .... 10.2
Deb Molnts 1.575.6S0 .... 4.4
Nashvill* .1,623,147 3.7
Wilmington, Del.... 1.040,633 12.8 ....
I"aJl River 1.510.801 16.7 ....
Scranton 1,232,835 2.0 ....
Grand Rapids 1,276,601 13.7
Augusta, Ga 1,031,861 65.8
Lcwell 583,243 .... 7.8
Dayton, 0 1.1S2.414
Seattle 1,799,265 2.5 ....
lacoma 1,022,401 15.4 ....
SpckaDe 1,193,450 1.9 ....
Sioux City 550,260 .... .2.1
New Bedford 364,518
Knoxville. Tenn.... 677,253 17.3
Tcpeka 906,636 45.8 ....
Birmingham l.Oll.US 16.3
Wichita 2S7.160 .... 3S.4
Binghamton 402,6ui .... 15.0
Lexington. Ky 517.6S6 19.3
Jacksonville, Fla... - 236.849 25.7
Kalamazoo 3S6.338 .... 5.6
Akron 326.S0O 8.6
Chattanooga 2^6,623 .... 15.6
P.ockford, 111 245,000 9.3
Ccntcn, 0 270,400 6.5
Springfield. 0 316.638 9.7
Fargo. X. D 364.212
Hioux Falls. S. D.. 162.S44 1.2 ....
Fremont. Neb 110.194 .... 14.0
Davenport 1,045,543 .... 14.0
Toledo 1.832,009 .... 23.4
Gclveston 7.976.CO0 2S.9
Houston 7,002,347 12.2
Helena 6ol,C24 ....
Kvansvllle E2«,9S5 .... 29.2
Macon 681, COO 30.2
Little Ilock 668.C77 25.5
Springfield. Ill 57S.S1S 26. 7 ....
\oungstown 325.8S0 20.8 ....
Colorado Springs.... C66.9S5 .... ....
—
Totals, U. S |2,r.W, 175,743 23.5
Totals outside New
York 720,216.671 8.4
CITIES.
Montreal
loronto
Winnipeg
Halifax
Hamilton
St. John. N. B
Vancouver
Victoria
Percentage
Amount. . Inc. "Dec
$14,454,113 SS.ff ....
11,633.741
2.530.206 .... )2.9
1.660,667 .... 5.4
891.675 .... 5.8
C51.975 .... 4.6
669.2J2 .... 31.6
479,695 .... 23.8
12,971,364
9.
AUCTION SALES
5^ AUCTION, j^
~ A MASCOT STABLE. .,
•. 11C6-110S Golden Gats ave.,
THIS DAY.
SATURDAY JANUARYS
At 10 a. m. without reserve.
FIFTY ' HEAD OF WELL-KNOWN TROT-
TERS, ROAD HORSES AND CARRIAGE
AND SADDLE HORSES, together with buff-
Kles, surreys and harnesses, for tho benefl:
of my creditors.
By order of DAN. MeCARTY.
I S. W ATKINS. Auctioneer.
5^ AUCTION SALE!
CLOSING OUT HAI-K OF RED FRONT
STABLES and TEAMING BUSINESS, corner
Sixteenth and Guerrero sts.
MONDAY, Jan. 7. at 11 o'clock. I will sell the
contents of above stahl*>s. consisting of 21 Head
of Horsws: Sand Wagons: Dump Carts: Sine'.e
and Double E^nresn and Delivery Wagons: Bug-
gies; Carts: Heavy Team Wagon and Buggy
Harness; Coal Scales; Screens: Blocks and
Tackles; Tools, etc. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.Two negatives being equivalent to an
afflrmatlve( most girls say it:' "No, no."
Coroner Cole : held an inquest yesterday
upon the body . of Mrs. .Minna P. Tatum,
Accidentally Asphyxiated.
Stewart Awarded Damages.
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.— The California Im
provement Company -\ must pay M. Y
Stewart $1250 damages for Injuries sus
tained in a runaway- caused by Stewart's
horse taking f right ; at » one of the • com
pany's'road engines. The case was de
cided by the Supreme Court > on appeal
from the Alameda County Superior Court.
Jeremiah Sullivan.
VALLiEJO. Jan. 4.— Jeremiah Sullivan,
e. veteran of the navy, died this morning
In thin city, aged 72 years. He was almost
continuously in the service from 1855 to
3S37. _
•; A. C. Sanford.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 4.— A. C. Sanford. a
capitalist, died suddenly to-day of pneu
monia." He was 49 years of age and a na
tive of New Haven, Conn.
« ? « ¦
REAX ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of Ban Francisco to Julius
and Caroline Ulienth&l. lot on W line of Dour
hin place. J00 S of Ellis street. S 25 by W PO;
Hlbernla Pavings and Loan Society to Her
man £nalnwald. lot on B line of Valencia
street. £50 8 of Fourteenth. S 60 by B 100; $6000.
City and County of Fan Francisco to Cel<>s
tlne Kloffer, lot on SW corner of Seventeenth
and Rhctwell *treet«, \V 25 by 8 100; I .
Augutta Ptaud to Mrrv S. Thaller and Fred
erick A. and Frank £taud. undivided tizii «T
lot on 8 line of Nineteenth street, 899 W of
Valencia. \V 25 by 6 1M; gift.
F.aJety Mutual Building and I^oan'Association
to William H. F<-hooler, lot on 8 JUie of Twen
ly^retamt, 206 K «rf COfitTOk B 25 by S 114;
LOS ANGELJES, Jan. 4.— The date of La
Fiesta de las Flores has been changed, as
well as the Btyle of entertainment. In
stead of a street fair, as was arranged, to
be held In April it will now resolve itself
into a May floral parade on one day and
an industrial parade on the following day.
The two events will be held the second
week In May, In order to comport with
the plans made for the visit of the Presi
dent to this city and that he may see
what Los Angeles can do in the matter of
floral decorations. ,
Secretary Zeehandelaar of the Mer
chants' and Manufacturers' Association
has. returned from San* Francisco, whither
he went on matters appertaining to the
visit of President McKinley in connection
with the plans made by the association
for La Fiesta. Acqordlnjr to the plajis as
now arranged the President'- will leave
Washington on .May 1 and will make
stops at New Orleans, Houston. Phoenix
and at either lndio or Colton. The stay
of the Presidential party in Los Angeles
will be either, two ¦ or three days. From
here the party will go to San Francisco
to be present at the launching of the bat
tleship Ohio on May IS. ¦ .
SAN JOSE, Jan. 4. — The first organized
step for the great floral fete to be given
in honor of Prepldent McKinley's visit to
the coast next spring was taken this aft
nrnoon. -The committee appointed by
Mayor Martin met and organized. Mayor
Martin was made chairman and Major H.
S. Foote secretary. It was decided to ap
point committees on finance, reception,
decoration, advertising, entertainment and
flowers and flower supply. Adolph Green
inger was chosen director general of the
fete. A committee was appointed to se
lect a suitable > name for the event. The
ladles will be asked to • co-operate,: and
Mayor Martin was empowered to appoint
a committee of twenty-five ladles to as
sist. Citizens have been urged to plant
flowers for the show, which will be one
of the greatest ever held on the coast.
Two Great Floral Shows in Honor of
the President.
CALIFORNIA'S GREETING.
FIERCE STRUGGLE
WITH A MADMAN
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Jan. 4.
After destroying $5000 worth of property
and nearly killing himself and the officer
who frustrated his attempt at suicide.
I..ouis Peterson of Pleasanton is safely
confined In the insane ward of th© Re
ceiving Hospital.
Last night some of Peterson's neigh
bors discovered that his house and barn
were on fire, and gathered to help him
save his property. Peterson lived alone
on the Schweer ranch, near town, and the
flames had gained good headway before
the neighbors reached the spot. They
found Peterson gloating over the destruc
tion of the buildings, and when they
asked him what he was doing he burnt
into maniacal laughter and attempted to
rush into the blazing house. He was
overpowered and taken to . town and
lodged in a room at the Pleasanton Hotel
for safe keeping. Shortly afterward the
proprietor of the house saw smoke issuing:
from the room where the insane, man was
confined, and called Marshal. Ed Head to
•help. him. Together "they entered the
room. The lunatic was lying 6n the mat
trees, which he had' taken from the bed
and set, on fire. As soon as he heard the
men opening the door he leaped up. and
as Head entered struck the marshal a
knockout blow on the forehead. As the
officer went down the furious prisoner
caught up a chair and brought it down
upon his head. laying the scalp open and
nearly fracturing the skull. Before he
could strike again a half-dozen men were
upon him. A frightful struggle ensued In
the blinding smoke, but finally the mad
man was secured and bound and. the fire
extinguished. He was then locked up In
the- town Jail awaiting his removal -to
Oakland, •
Head will recover. Besides the bruises
en his head ho has an ugly wound on the
right hand, where the maniac .fastened
hin teeth during the encounter.
Schwcer's loss on tho house, barns and
granary, which were ' burned to the
ground/will amount: to several thousands
of dollars, as he is only; partially Insured.
' Peterson ¦was examined this afternoon
by Drs. Ewer and Knox and recommend
ed for commitment to the asylum. .
Pleasanton Officer Is Nearly
Brained by a Crazy
Farmer.
who was found on the morning of Jan
uary 1 asphyxiated in her bathroom," 2525
Pacific avenue. Dr. Barger testified that
he found a partly' burned match on the
floor alongside the body, and that Mrs.
Tatum. having been subject to fainting
6pells, had probably fallen in a faint while
attempting to light the gas and had been
asphyxiated. The Jury returned a ver
dict of accidental 'death.
INQUEST OVER REMAINS
OF ijr;K.TVTAN A. STENDEL
BERKELEY, Jan. 4.— Th* Coroner's In
quest In the Herman A. Btendel case was
commenced to-night, bnt postponed on
account of the illness of the autopsy phy
sician. J. S. Eastman. Xo evidence) was
Introduced to show how the captain of
the Lulu came to his death.
• Mrs. Stendel. the wife of th© deceased,
testified that the body found was that
of her husband.. The la.«t time she saw
him was December 23 when he left their
home in 8an Francisco on a trading
cruise. Mrs. Stendel said she knew noth
ing of his business. Martin 'Wulbern.
who found the body. James Maginnes.
who knew Stendel. and Deputy Coroner
J. E. Strelghtlf testified. The Inquest will
be completed Tuesday evening.
RAH/ROAD ACCIDENT
CAUSED HIS INSANITY
ALAMEDA, Jan. 4.— Charles W. Tap
pan, whose Insanity was the result of In
juries received In a railroad accident eight
years ago. died last night In the Stats
Asylum at Napa. Tappan was the engi
neer of a Southern Pacific train which
collided with another train at Port Costa.
He received Injuries from which he never
fully recovered, there being times when
he was quite rational and others when ha
was violent.
The deceased leaves a widow and one
child. He was about 50 years of . age.
Hla brother is 'Robert E. Tappan, a wall
known attorney.
of California on a subject which had been
with him a life study. He continued his
address, Faying:
I have spoken of this as an auspicious occa
sion. Perhaps very few here understand the
significance of this meeting. This work goes
by the deep purpose Implanted In the hearts
of a few people.
I do not know of anything more Important
for the State of California than the formation
of a Ptate Board of Charities and Corrections.
Now, what Is a State Conference of Charities?
It Is an educational Institution. The simpler
your machinery the better. The simplicity
of such an organization Is essential to Its
suocess.
A platform has very little practical utility.
Much valuable time is wasted arguing on
platforms. Come together and talk these
things over freely; discuss them with one an
other. If you are to succeed in your particu
lar line of work you must broaden your vision.
I said this should be an educational institu
tion, and it Is astonishing how much you can
learn. I don't know what would become of us
In this world If there were not some poor
helpless brings to take care of.
You will make a mistake If you get legisla
tion too soon. It Is a mistake to get legisla
tion before your public are educated up to the
necessary pitch. Tour work Is to educate the
pr.ople and then you will get legislation. We
are building for generations that are to come.
You can't grow a social Institution In five
years. This work Is one in which we can af
ford to go slow enough to give It a normal
growth.
It Is not discouraging when you find plans
Augustus J. and Qeorgrena F." Ranker (own
ers) with McCullough Contracting Company (a
corporation) (contractors), architect J. A. Mn-
Cullough— All work for a 2-story frame rough
basement and floored attic building on B linn
of Twenty-flfth street, 100 E of Dolores, E 50
by 8 110. H. A. 31: $3500. .
W. J. Dlngee (owner), with .'W. C. Watson
(contractor), architect W. - J. Mathews— Latb-
Ing, plastering, frleres, cornices,' arches, etc.
for a frame., dwelling house on NE corner of
Washington and Franklin streets, N 167:8% by
E 124:3, W. A. 91; $2000. . .:
Herbert E. Law (owner) with- Kuan A Storz
(contractors), architect Fred II. Meyer—Ex
terior and Interior painting and finishing for
three two-story, basement and ; attic framn
bulldlnfrs on E line of Van Ness avenue. 6ft S
of Green. 8.82:6, E 169, N 66. E 25:5, N 27:6,
W 94:5; 11275..
Builders' Contracts.
City and County of San Francisco to Agnes
L. Sutllff. lot on W line of York street, 208 8
of Twenty-fourth. S 25 by W 100; t .
Leonlde H. Burling to Bridget M. McLaugh
lln, same, quitclaim deed; $1, etc.
John M. Burke to Maria Burke, lot on S line
of Twenty-seventh street, 1C5 E of Dolores, E
25 by S 114; J10. \
Emll O. and Mary A. Klujre (Schneider) to
C. Frederick Finnen, lot on E line of Church
street. 49:8 N of Twenty-third. X 24:10 by E
70; tm».
William C. and Sarah J. Hamerton to Alex
ander S. McBride, lot on B line of Sanchez
Btreet. 7S:6 S of Duncan. S 25 by B 100; $2500.
Carrie and Louie M. Welsmann and Freder
ick, John, Charles J. and Henry A. Staude to
Kllsabeth Staude (widow), lot on N line of Va
llejo street, 157:6 E of Powell. E 40 by N 65;
also lot on S line of Pacific street, 137:6 W of
Stockton, W 137:6 by S 137:6, quitclaim deed;
J10.
Estate of Mary W. Shores (by Leander
Shores, administrator) to Angelo G. Baldoc
chl and G. Chiapparl, lot on 8W corner of
Bush street and Chelsea place, W 67:6 by S
114:6; $43,100.
Nathan Rogers to Seth Mann, lot on S line
of Francisco street. 91 :fi W of Mason, W 83,
S 55, E 4. S 82:6. E 79, N 137:6; $10.
Seth and Maud I,. Mann to Stephen Lago
marslno, same, quitclaim deed: $10.
William H. and Florence A. Deming to John
J. Moore, lot on BE line of Mission street, 45:10
XE Of Beale. KB 451:10 by SB 137:8; $44,000.
Willard V. and Marie L. Huntlngton to Jo
seph Seldl, lot on W line of Sixteenth avenue,,
100 N of B street. N 25 by W 120; $500.
Sam* ,to Harvey E. Harris, lot on N line of
C street. 67:6 E of Tenth avenue, E 25 by N
100; also lot on S line of B street, E7:6 W of
Ninth avenue, XV. 25 by 8 100; $1500.
J. W. Wright & Sons Investment Company
to Kokenjo Nagata, lot on W line of Forty
fourth avenue, 60 N of K street, N 50 by .W
95: 110.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to Dom
inique Vlargues, lot on NE line of Thirteenth
avenue. 125 SE of P street, BE 75 by NE 100,
block 230, O'Nell & Haley; $1000.
Dominique and Jeanne Vlargues to Leon
Cantaloube, lot on NE line of Thirteenth ave
nue south, 175 SE of P street, SE 26 by NB
100, block 250, same; $1000.
A. C. and Abble F. Hussey to Spring Valley
Water Works lot on SW corner of Rlpley
street and Columbia place, W 80:9 by 8 120;
$1000. *
George H. Peek Jr. to Elizabeth* B. Cum
minE. lot on 8 line of Lobos street, 675
E of.Marerigo street, E 50 by 8 125. . block N,
Railroad Homestead No. 2; also lot 418, Mis
sion Street Extension Homestead; $590.
Frederic E. and Walter Magee to Adolph
and Anna C. Wldell, lot 16. block E, French
and Oilman Tract; $1000.
J, W. Wright & Rons' Investment Company
to William Ehrenpfort, lots 332 and 324, Gift
Map l; $000. _ ,'".'¦•
President Davis Introduced Dr. Hart,
whoso appearance was the signal for ap
plause. Dr. Hart spoke of his pride and
gratulation at being granted the oppor
tunity of addressing the reform workers
Dr. Hart's Opinions.
I am here as a learner, not as a teacher.
Here we are to do this work as best we can.
This work has rot to be done: those who are
down have to be lifted un. And now we want
to know what Is the best method to accomplish
this great work. This is our first experiment In
this State, and under It we hope to do great
Rood. We get together and warm our hearts by
the mutual enthusiasm we create.
There Is one thing tn particular that I want
to — - done by this conference. I want to se«
it do all It can town— * a Ptate board of chari
ties. It Is no new "experiment.- It has been
tried In many States. Its functions are ad
visory *nd its power that of investigation. It
has the power to iro into any State charity and
report to the Legislature the result of Its ln
ve»tliratlon. The remarkable thine about them
is that no State that has once had one has
ever been able to do without it. I- think that
will be the ease If we establish one here.
The President's Address.
dlence on the subject nearest their hearts
and paid a well-worded tribute to the
speaker of the evening, Dr. Hastings S.
liart of Chicago, secretary of the National
Conference of Charities and Corrections.
an able speaker and competent authority
on philanthropic work. Mr. Davis spoke
in part as follows:
LEADIN'G SPIRITS IN THE CALIFORNIA STATE CONFERENCE OF
CHARITIES AND CORRECTION. WHICH INAUGURATED A FOUR
DAYS' SESSION AT THE OAKLAND CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.
"The city to which I welcome you Is not
so unfortunate as to need any ministra
tion of the kind which you are assembled
here to-r.Sght to discuss. We have here
no need for the soup kitchen, no potato
patch, from the parasite we are free. The
work of the Associated Charities has been
so well done that the. parasite has sought
other pastures. This city acknowledges
its debt to the originator of the Idea. W«
make no boast, we welcome you unselfish
ly to this our conference. Tou will besret
in this our city a new enthusiasm for do
ing good."
The election of the following officers of
the conference was then ratified: Horace
Davis, president: Rolla V. Watt, first vice
president; D. Edward Collins, second vice
president; Katherin<? Felton, recording
secretary and treasurer.
Chairman Pendleton having Introduced
Mr. Davis the president addressed the au-
MAN FROM MEXICO
HIS OWN ATTORNEY
Welcomed to the City.
PHILANTHROPISTS of both sexes
and many creeds, but each and all
actuated by one primal motive,
that of extending a helping hand
to the inmates of institutions of
restraint or reform, met last night in the
chapel of the Congregational church of
Oakland and Inaugurated the four days'
session of the State Conference of Char
ities and Corrections, the first gathering
of such a nature to be held in the extreme
Western States. In the fact that tho
conference is being held the speakers who
addressed the meeting found much of
pratulation and promise.
The motive underlying the address of
every speaker lay in the necessity each
felt of securing legislation to establish
a State Board of Charities with advisory
and perhaps reformatory powers, and the
applause with which their views were
met showed that tho sentiments of each
speaker found an echo In the hearts of
the hearers. An ,ict has been drawn
up in the rough and will be presented to
the conference for its Indorsement.
At the hour set for the meeting to as
semble a representative gathering of the
State's charity workers was called to or
der in the assembly hall of the chapel by
Chairman B. H. Peodleton, who. after
prayer had been offered by Dr. Brown,
the pastor, introduced Mayor Snow of
Oakland, who delivered a cordial address
nf welcome tn the delegates, speaking In
part as follows:
Funds for Costs.
Mantel Makes Some Counter
Charges, but Pails of
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Jan. 4.
Adam Mantel, the matrimonially mixed
man from Mexico, has made a start to
defend the accusation of desertion which
his pretty young wife, formerly Ml-;s
Eva Cuthbert, has laid against him. Man
tel appeared in the Superior Court to-d^y
with an answer and counter charges. He
made ready to act as his own attorney
In the divorce proceedings, but his lack
of sufficient money to meet the necessary
court charges blocked the hearing. Man
tel was compelled to ask for further time
In which to arrange the financial mat
ters.
Mantel has a special grievance against
Miss Carrie Maxwell of Fruitvale, whom
he specifies as having caused his wife
to leave him in Mexico. On the other
hand, Mrs. Mantel has narrated a story
of remarkable misconduct and ill treat
ment. She fortifies her complaint with a
stack of letters from the man she wedded
and from whom she was parted an. hour
after the ceremony.
But for the willingness of Attorney A.
V Mendenhall, Mr?. Mantel's counsel, to
hav« the Issue forced upon the husband,
Mantel would have lost all chance of
meeting the charge, in court, because
the legal time for appearance has elapsed.
"In view of the publicity Mantel has
eiven to his accusations, Mrs. Mantel is
depirouB of making the contest in the
courts." explained Attorney Mendenhall.
"We have heretofore not taken advan
tage of the technical right to a default.
Mrs Mantel was abused and 111 treated
so grossly that she desires to vindicate
herself." " ? 'l^
A board of control In this State would, I
think, wrench the workings "of our Institutions
out of order and would Inevitably lead to cor
ruption and dishonor. Ruch institutions aa
Whlttler and lone should have boards of trus-
John P. Irish, Speaks.
that have been discarded by the people of the
more progressive States still in force In the
West. I hope you will send a good, strong del
epatlon to the National Conference at Wash
ington ¦ and that they will keep their eyes
upon what In best In public institutions.
State . boards of charities differ in different
States. In Minnesota the State Board of
Charities had no executive function beyond
that of inspection. In Illinois the State board
has no function but an advisory one.' There
has been much debate as to which method Is
best. State boards of control are always sal
aried.
What Is a State Board of Charities for? It
Is for the inspection of the charities of the
State. They study the condition of the In
stitutions In order that they may give advice.
The State Board of Charities becomes a bal
ence wheel to regulate the management of the
institution. It is hard to continue abuses
when there is publicity. A State Board cf
Charities must be free from the baleful ele
ment of partisan politics.
Now I wouldn't: recommend that you oome
out and eommrnca war upon politicians. But
I would recommend that you lend all your ef
forts toward bringing about such reform aa
hhs taken nlace in Indiana.
If there Is one man in this audience who hna
made up his mind that there shall be a Stata
Conference of Charities he'll get it. If the
Governor can understand what this thing is
he will eurely further your efforts. There is
one thing people don't seem to understand and
that is how much can be done without legis
lation.
The average ltfe of an Insane person after
entering an institution used to be twelve years.
It is longer now, since the advent of the Board
of Charities.
To run a State Board of Charities It is ab
solutely necessary to keep away from partisan
politics. To do this the best method Is to
give no salaries with the positions. Now the
question arises shall you hare an advisory
board or a State board of control? If I were
established In this State -I should advocate the
forrr.a.tlon of an advisory board. I believe you
will find an advisory board your best plan.
I bolieve that now you are In the Inception of
a great movement. Now Is the time for you
to j>ut yourself abreast of the great thought
of the time. If you compare your peniten
tiaries with those of the other great State* I
think you will find that there is room for lm
provementr
'In the general discussion which followed
Colonel John P. Irish delivered himself as
following regarding the advisability of ap
pointing a board of control:
Their Misdeeds.
Heirs' Attorney Objects to
Fees for Defense of
VARNEY TRUSTEES
GRILLED IN COURT
tees composed of people with a Bnnp&thetlc In
terest In the work which they are to do. Each
Institution phould be left In care of a board
local to Itself. Such a board should contain
men who have the humanitarian Interests of
the Institution at heart.
California's criminals and insane persons are
maintained at a much lower per capita and per
diem rate than is Incurred In any other State.
I favor the establishment of a State board of
charities. It would prevent the evil effects of
the political clean sweeps which have, in numer
ous Instances played havoc with the workings
of many of our best managed State institu
tions.
The conference will meet this morning at
the Congregational Church and discuss
the social work of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association and kindergartens, J .W.
McClymonds acting as chairman. This
afternoon, to-night and the remaining
days of the conference the programme
will be as follows:
Saturday afternoon — Constructive work; pro
gramme in charge of Professor Mary Roberts
Smith of Stanford; subjects, "Tha Compulsory
School Law," report by Association of Col
lege Alumnae; "District Nursing," Miss Oc
tavlne Brlggs.
Saturday evening — Prison system of Califor
nia, programme. In charge of Mr. Robert Fitz
gerald, Prison Commissioner; "Reform Schools
of .the State," Mr. Sherman Smith, superin
tendent of Whlttler.
Sunday — Conference sorrnon by R«v. Charles
R. Brown of Oakland.
Sunday afternoon — "The Institutional
Church."
Sunday evening — "Child Pavlruc Lecture." il
lustrated with stereopticon views. Dr. H. H.
Hart.
- Monday morning— "California's Caro for the
Feeble-Mlnded," Dr. A. E. Osborn*: "Btate
Hospitals for the Insane," Dr. Hatch, super
intendent of State hospitals; "County Infirm
aries," chaplain of the r San Francisco City
and County Infirmary.
Monday afternoon — "Dependent Children,"
GUgrffestlons from H. H. Hart on the care cf
dependent children tin California: Informal dis
cussion by directors and superintendents of
children's homes, programme in charge of Miss
Miner and Miss Trevor, discussion to be opened
by Father Crowley of the Youths' Directory.
Points to be considered: (1) What can be done
to develop the individuality of the institution
child? (2) What becomes of the Institution
child after 14? (S) Is 1t advisable that an in
stitution providing support for the ehlM should
require a surrender of guardianship from the
parents?
Monday evening 1 — "Co-operation Between Pub
lle and Private Charities," Mrs. Paulina Dohr
mann, delejrate from tho Associated Charities of
Stockton; "The Denver and Liverpool Plan of
Supporting Private Charities." Mr. Davis of
the Merchants' Association. San Francisco.
- Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway-. Jan. 4.
The Varney case In Its present status
affords Attorney Wheeler the- sweets of
revenge for the excoriation he endured
from counsel for the trustees .In the
former trial. In to-day's hearing 'he un
mercifully grilled the guardians of the
Varney estate.
During the examination of Henry P.
Varney. brother of Thomas H. B. Varney'
the matter of the transfer of tha Kennedy
mining stock, so disastrous to the estat©
and finally to the trustees, was taken ud
Item by item. "
"What about these bigr Hems for attor
neys' fees?" asked Wheeler. "Here Is a
payment for $600, for instance. What was
that for?"
Varney identified a voucher describing
the account. It appearing that the fee waa
paid for settling the second annual ac
count of the mining stock transfer
"Well, your Honor, we object to that
Hem. Your Honor has decided that that
was a fraudulent account, and it would
seem hardly the thing to charge the fee
to the estate."
The objection was sustained.
Again. Attorney Goodfellow was made
a partner. with the trustees in a payment
of compliments from his old opponent
"Here Is another Item of $500 for attor
ney's fees. What 19 that for?" asked
Wheeler.
The voucher showed that Goodfellow
had received the sum In question In pay
ment for his legal services In defending
the Ayers suit against the trustees.
¦ "That would better come out." remarked
the attorney for the hdrs. drily. "Mr
Goodfellow received $300 for the defense of
the misdced3 of. the trustees, and the
trustees turn around and charge It to the
very heirs who suffered by those mis
deeds. We object to the Item."
The $500 was not allowed.
NEED OF OAKLAND
HAHBOR REVIEWED
DENVER. Jan. 4.— Ml*s Belle Fremont,
prlma donna soprano of the Bostonlans'
died at th« Tremont Hotel to-nicht of
pneumonia. Her home was In Washing
ton. D. C. Thin Is the second death of
members of the theatrical profession here
¦within a week. Miss W>st Temple of the
"My Friend From India" company hav
ing died on Wednesday last.
Miss Belle Fremont.
6ANTA CLARA. Ja_i. 4.— Mm. Lucy
Owen, wnose husband, now deceased, was
one cf the rlone«- r Methodist ministers
of the Btate of California and Dreslded
over the first McthodSrt convene? held
on the coa*t, died at her nome In this
p.acft this m».rninRr at the a«* O f S<5 years
£ier imsband Rev. IsajLc Owen. w«f;
founder of the T.mverslty of the Pacific'
vrhleh was originally located in Santa
Clera.
Mrs. Lucy Owexu
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— General Batch
<l<!er, former quartermaster g-enexal of
the army, died here ihia afternoon at 2:25
o'clock.
Oeneral Batchelder had been In delicate
>e a ith for several years past, but his 111-
PCM did not assume a critical phase, until
just before the holidays, wttun he suffered
from an attack of angina pectorls.
Interment will bo made at Arlington
Cerr.etcry Monday, after cervices In All
BouIk Unitarian Church.
Ot-neral Batchelder saw considerable
Fervlce jn the quartermaster's department
en the Pael'":e Coast, doing duty as chief
£vf£«~ a?tcr at Poland and depot
quartermastpr at San Francisco.
General Batchelder.
Oakland Office Fan Franelfoo <_au,
1115 Broadway, Jan. 4.
The completion of the tida! canal, the
wiSonirur and r> r >' as i™<* <1e«»pc-ninR ¦"•* th<>
rhann^l Sn Oakland harbor to. twnty
f.ve feet are lhe important features In
the report to the War D^partm^nt of
Colonel VF. H. Hfucr of th«» United States
engineer corps uoon the Improvement of
the estuary, tiSal basin and the connect
ing caral. The report, which -was mad"
public to-flay, has attracted wide atten
tion In this* city. The Board of Trad*
held a special meeting and arranged an
appeal to Senator Perkins for as?!?tanre
In putting through the comprehensive
recommendations contained In the re
port.
Colonel Heuer's report Fettles fleflnitely
the question attending the completion ot
the tlflal canal. fW which the people o1
Alarrseda have long been clamoring- ThP
engineer recognizes that this ¦work to to
be continued ur.der an act of ConpTpp*.
ar.fl he s&yv:
"Reference to the tidal canal 1? h*r«
made bwause Cnrgr»s!> has" Indicat*d In
r»<-ent appropriation? for the harbor its
<!eslre to carry out the exi^ine project
cf which the tidal canal 5? B P" ;; '
Tn explaining the reason* «*T l ' iat P art
ff the proposed improvement ha* not
been completed Colonel M^;er p«lrtf nm
the long delays due to Judicial condem
nation of land and the r.rr. plications arm
ing about cor*truct:ni 0* bridges across
the canal at points DWMJIT to provide
for team and railway traffic.
At the outset Colonel Heuer says that
en recount of th" preat Lccr<-ase of com
merce the har^' ll worthy of further Im
provement fnil'T th*> net of Coner^?
< * June « MOO. the report now mad* was
r-a>--ed CansressiBUi Metcalf having had
fhie Stem Included in the river and harbor
bill.
Colcne! Heuer starte at the eastern end
r>f the hnrnor. the tidal bnyin so called.
end rei-^mmrnds a channel 3^0 feet ¦wide
arid 12 fe«»i d«rp at low tide around the
basin. His reMOQ follows:
•'When the tidal canal is cut through
and the tidp wntprp of San L^andro Bay
-rail b* diverted through it. additional
-"»poF!tP on th<» rbb tide are likely to oc
- .r in thp basin. To maintain a pood
circulation of tide water in and arnurni
this basin and rtt the same time .ifford
icditional harbor facilities, should any
¦><? required to the towns of Rrooklyn and
Mameda. the channel should »e dredped.
Continuing;. Colonel HenCT Fays:
"A* the commerce of Oakland harbor
is gradually growinp and oxtpndinjj oast
>f T\V>b«ter-=treet bridpe. it is believed
that the existing channel between Fal
ion street and the tidal ba?in Fhould b«?
r-.afle 309 feet in width and 17 feet doep
it low water.
"The Improvement which it is believed
the present and prospective commerce of
Oakland harbor reeds, west of the tidal
canal. Is a channel ;>00 feet wide and 25
feet deep at low water, r-xtending from
riepp waser in San Francisco Bay to Fal
len street, thence a channel 300 feet wide
p-r.d IT feet deep to the tidal basin, and
then a char.r.r-1 entirely around the basin
"Vt foot wide and 12 feet deep."
The total cost of this improvement is
estimated ?t J»"4fi.2S3.
"In connection with this estimate." re
ports Colonel ' Heuer. "it must be said
:here jp a very strong: feeling among
many pronulnent business men of Oak
»nd thst a 2fi-f<-,nt depth channel In this
iarbor is insufficient for the requirements
¦>f c/>mmerce. It is true that when the
-arbor was planned In 1*74 th* number of
reseda engaged in commerce nf this coast
5-ftw!ng more thsin twenty-four feet of
narer was very limited. The population
-f Oakland has increased, being now a
little over 70.000. The tannaee of com
r-iere*» entering Oakland harbor was ln
rreased something- like twenty fold and
row fx.cfr-Af S.nnn.mn tors prr year. Of
this amount, however, about K> per cent
[a Transcontinental railway freight, which
only passes through Oakland in cars
and which enters and leaves Oakland
hsrbor on ferry or transit boats, drawing
when laden about twelve feet of water.
"Vessels drawing more than twenty
feet canr.ot enter the harbor at low wa"
f>r. and have to be liphtercd to enable
thom to reach wharves."
Colonel Heuer claims that to drefljrp to
fwpnty-flve fret depth wnuld require roo«t
rtf th»> excavation to he made in hardpan.
He supplies estimates upon two other
pmrramaies of Improvement. They fol
low:
'•fhnrnel r/v) fer-t wide and 25 feet deep
from Fan Francisco Bay to Fallon street
thence 2X> feet wide and 20 feet deep up
to and nrotind basin. S1.CS7.S16.
"Channel 500 feet wide and 25 feet deep
to Chestnut street, thence 300 feet and 25
r cet <irrp to Fallon street, thence 300 feet
r--i<*e and 17 feet deep to .tidal basin.
'"^ ri> 3™ fe*-t wide and 12 feet deep
-round tidal basin. J3P.6.K3." •
The Roard of Trade sent the following
i«->gTam to Senator Perkins:
~>e Oakland C^ard of Trade thi« flay took
»• foTlowinr action: Imp-r.vement and <Wp-
Tirjj ro twenty fert of harbor ** recommended
tv < oion*l Heuer very ("exirrble. If not ob-
LsJrr.We thi» *e«glon try and secure special
ippropriatlon to immediately inrreare depth of
r^fr-nx rhB-rnrl from entrance of Oakland har
¦nr ur tn Fa'.lon street to twenty-five feet
it low water, to meet present requirement, of
•h!ppln»r.
The city is now <lred»rlnff to twenty-flve
'eet of depth at the cltv whaT-ves
Colonel Hener Slakes Estimates on
Possible Deepening to Twenty-
Five Feet—The Tidal Canal
Completion.
Engineers' Report Rtcom
mends Widening of the
Ship Channel.
STILL LOVES MAN
ONCE HER HUSBAND
of Berkeley and now staying in San Fran-
Cisco, came to Oakland to-day and de
posited 120 ball for his appearance In Jus
tice Qulnn's court next week to answer
to several charges of battery ami disturb
ing the peace preferred by his late wife.
The Hulls squabbled for years before
they were legally separated In Arizona
a short time ago and they are still at It.
The moment their marriage- was annulled
both headed for Berkeley as fast as they
could to take possession of the property
at 2127 Ashby avenue. Both arrived at
the same time and took possession. They
lived In the same house without having
anything to do with each other until
Mrs. Hull yesterday got a deputy con-
Stable and had her former husband
ejected. She then secured warrants for
his arrest upon several misdemeanor
charges. Hull left his wife In possession
of the Berkeley property and went to San
Francisco, where he is staying at the
Palace Hotel.
Hull is said to be worth half a million
dollars and to be interested In the copper
mines of Montana with W. A. Clark.
When Hull came to Oakland to-day and
deposited his ball he refused to make any
statement, but his ex-wife was more com
municative. Mrs. Hull told the following
story of their difficulties and why she had
her husband arrested upon misdemeanor
charges:
"Mr. Hull and I were married tn
Phoenix. Ariz., three years ago. We went
East and lived in Boston for some time.
Then we went to New York, where my
husband deserted me. He left me and
my child in a boarding-house and was
gone for seven months before I heard
from him. As I was without money. I
returned to Boston, where I had friends.
At the last extremity I applied to some
stock brokers in Boston who were doing
business for Mr. Hull and got money
from them. I was 111 at the time, and
when I recovered I went to them for
more money so that I could go to my
home. They told m* Mr. Hun had tele
graphed them that he would arrive the
next day. I waited for him and when he
came he told me I was a vile, drunken
woman and that he would have nothing
more to do with me. He also declared
that he had a divorce, but I knew this
was false, because I had not been served
with papers. We were inf his lawyers'
office when he told me that he would,
have nothing more to do with me. I
dropped my head on his shoulder and
wept I couldn't help it. He said he.
didn't want any scene there and pushed
me out into the hail.
"Later he went to Providence, R. I.,
and in November of last year commenced
divorce proceedings there. He hired two
men to testify that they had seen me
drunk. It was necessary for him to swear
that he had been a resident of Providence
for a year before he could commence di
vorce proceedings. It was proven that
he hadn't and the Judge wanted me to
swear to a warrant for his arrest for per
jury- I refused until my husband was
safely out of the way. I refused because
I loved my husband and I love him still.
I love him just the same as when we were
married.
"Mr. Hull returned to Arizona and I
followed, first swearing to the perjury
warrant. We met and I told him not to
go East because he would be arrested. He
went, however, and was arrested in Prov
idence, then In Boston and again in Al
bany. I Baved him by not appearing
against him.
"When he returned from the East we
came to California and he purchased thi.^
house in Berkeley, having the deed made
out in both- our names. He also deposited
$5000 tn the Oakland Savings bank on our
Joint account, arranging for me to draw
$100 a month.
"Three months ago h* went to Arizona
and commenced proceedings to have our
marriage annulled. Twenty-five years
ago, when I was a very green girl, but
17 years old. I married a man named Low
ell. Ha deserted me after three year?.
and later I got a letter from a friend.
Jules Howard, who said that Lowell had
died In Albuquerque. Mr. Hull hired a
man to pose as Lowell. This man claimed
that he was my legal husband, but he was
nothing but an old bum. Mr. Lowell was
five feet eight inches high and had gray
eyes; this man was stx feet tall and had
blue eyes. On his testimony and the free
use of Mr. Hull's money our marriage
was annulled.
"I started Immediately for Berkeley and
arrived here New Year's day. the same
day Mr. Hull did. I found th» house oc
cupied by Mrs. M. J. Hewett. whom. Mr.
Hull had brought from Boston. We all
occupied the house and Mr. Hull lived
with her for three days under the same
roof with his wife and child. If I had
been a desperate woman I'd have killed
her.
"Wednesday, when I was in Oakland
on business, they packed their things and
left. I think they were frightened out.
"Back of all this trouble Js Mr. Hull's
mother and his family. They are trying
to get rid of me bodily so that they can
keep his property from m«. There are no
grounds upon which he could get a di
vorce. I have been a faithful wife and
mother. Mr. Hull has told many vile
things about me. He said that I beat my
child, but only once In Boston I slapped
its legs and then ray husband struck me
and I fell unconscious.
"I have been married three times. After
Mr. Lowell died I was married to a San
Francisco 'man. He was worthless, and
Mr. Hull, who wanted me then, paid for
my divorce. I cannot give my second
husband's name because many of my old
Ban Francisco friends would know who
I was. Under the name of Hull they don't
know me, and I don't want them to know
of all this trouble."
Mrs. Hull is not positive what her fu
ture steps will be. She will, however, ap
' peal .the annulment case to the higher
Arizona courts In an endeavor to prove
that she Is Hull's legal wife. She will
also try to get a division of property.
She says that she does not know Huira
exact wealth, but that he owns the town
site of Jerome. Ariz., and many valuable
! copper mines.
: Since yesterday the Hull residence at
I 2127 Ashby avenue has been watched by
Jack Haggerty. who says that he Is em
ployed by Hull to see that nothing Is
taken away from the house.
This morning A. R. Peterson was ap
pointed by Judge Ellsworth to watch
after the Interests "of Henry Bias, who
holds a chattel mortsrage on the Hull
property.
OAKLAND, Jan. 4,-Georgr? tV. Hull,
late of Montana, later of Arizona, latest
Late Wife of the Mine-Owner and
Capitalist Tells the Story
of Her Marital
Troubles.
Mrs. Hull Declares Her Mar
riage Was Annulled ¦
by Bribsry.
Helpers of Fallen Humanity and of the Inmates of Prison Cells Inaugurate
Four-Day Session in Oakland, Listening With Eagerness and Applause to
•the Advice With Which Authorities on the Subject Address Them
EARNEST PHILANTHROPISTS MEETING IN CONFERENCE
DISCUSS WISDOM OF GETTING LEGISLATION FOR
STATE BOARD OF CHARITIES AND CORRECTIONS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, JANUARY -5, 1901.
11
THE DAY'S DEAD.
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets. *
4. • ' "V •'-••'¦ •}.
i . A great two-step by Ednard 4*
•• Strauss, the waltz king, will H
" be given free with next Sun- i [
' I day's Call. This is a gem— do • •
1 1 ¦ not fail to get it.' 4.
' ¦ ' ,¦--•'¦.' *i*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, JANUARY 5, 1901.
12
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BTTEIXESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; opea
until U o'clock every nlrht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until S:38 p. m.
800 Hayes rtreet: open until S:SO p. m.
£39 McAllister etreet; open until »:30 p. «.
CIS Lerkln street: open until 8:50 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
22€1 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until S p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1PCS Valencia etreet; open urtll 9 p. m.
Xorthwert corner Twenty-second and Ken-
turky streets ; oren until 9 p. rn^ - '¦-¦¦'¦¦'.'
MEETING .\OTICES.
CROCKETT'Lodge No. IS?. F. and A. m
M. -Degree 2. THIS EVENING. Jan. _/\_
:. i>.t 7:30 o'clock. By of the TLJt
W. M- H. FORTRIEDE. Sec. /^T^
2JI5PION Lodce No. 16S, F. and A. M.— *
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _/V* 1
EVENING, b.-- 7:20 o'clock. First de- JLj\
gree. GEO. P. FLACK. Sec. /^T >
EOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212. •
F. and A. M.. will meet SUNDAY, _J\^
.larukry €, ti 1 o'clock p. m.. for the Tty\
rurpoee of conducting the funeral cere- / '
rnony cf our late brother, JOSEPH T. HARE.
By order of
SAMVEL HANSEN. Wor«hlpful Master.
JiCDOC Trite No. 57, I. O. R. M.— <*^CZ^Si
y.err.bcre are earnestly requested to
assemble In the wigwam on 8UN- *B^r
DAY. Jaxuary €. at 12:45 p. m.. to attend the
ruseral of our late brother. J. F^MEEKS.
H. MTJLLER. C. of R. . .
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN
RULE BAZAAR— To the Stockholders of The
Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar, a Cor-
poration: Fieaae take notice that the annual
meeting of the etockholders of The Empo-
rium and Golden Rule Bazaar, a corporation, j
will be held at the principal office cf the j
company. In the Parrott building, located on
Market St.. between Fourth and Fifth. In the
citv and county cf San Francisco. State of
California, on THURSDAY, the 17th day of
January, 190L at 2 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose cf electing directors and for the
transaction of euch other buslnesa as may
properly come before the meeting. By order
cf th« Board of Directors. j
ANDREW U. DAVIS. Secretary.
Dated January 3, XML
NOTICE is hereby given that a ppeC.al meet- I
ing of the stockholder* ot The San Francisco j
and Reji JoaQuln Valley .Railway Company t
¦rill t>e held at the principal office of the j
company in the city of Pan Francisco. Cal., |
cn SATURDAY, the nineteenth (19th) day of j
January. DO. at 12 o'clock noon, for the pur- j
pose cf approving and ratifying an agree- j
merit for the sale and conveyanace to and j
rurchafe by The Atchlpnn, Topeka and Santa |
Fe Railway Company of the railroad, prop- j
erty and franchises cf The Saa Franclnco and j
Fari JoaQuln Valley Railway Company, and
to transact ar.v other business that may I
legally come before the meeting. i
ALF.XANDER MAOKIE. Secretary.
San Francisco. January V 1901-
ANNTAL MEHTIXO— The regular annual
rre<t!:ig of the stockholders of the Pajsro •
Valley Consolidated Kal!road Company will j
be held at the offi-e of the company. 227 '
Market Ft.. Fan Francisco, on MONDAY, the j
twenty-first dcy .of January. 1901. at the hour
rf U o'clock a. m.. fcr the purpose of elect- |
ir.g a board of director* to serve for the j
enduing year and the transaction of such j
ether bua'.npfs as may come before the meet- |
lr.p. The transfer books •will close on Friday,
January IS. I9C1. at S o'clock p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— The annual meeting of
the San Francisco Ladles' Protection and
r.elief Society vril\ be held at the "Home."
on Franklin et., between Post and Geary, -on
Thursday. January 10. at 2 o'clock p. m.. |
for the purr*se cf electing managers and
trustees for the ensuing year and transaction
cf such other business as may properly come
before It.
K. F. HUTCHINSON. Secretary. -
ANNUAL MEETING — Regular annual meet-
ing cf the stockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Company wUl be held at the office of j
the company. ZT, Market ft., in the city and |
county of San Francisco, on 'Wednesday, the
;cth <lay of January. 1901, at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing I
year and the transaction of such other busl- \
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans- i
fer bocks will close on Saturday, January 6. '
1301, at 12 o'clock m. :
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re- |
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic )
process from John Costa et al.. In the Lady's j
Canon Mine, near Sierra City, Sierra Co.. to !
<!Fpes't taJllnps in worked-out pits; from W. B. i
Dudley et al.. in the Dudley Placer Mine. I
r.esr Xorth Columbia, Nevada Co.. to deposit i
tt!!!r.F5 in a worked-out pit; from the Eagle j
Gold Mining Co.. In the Reichel Claim, near i
Mountain Ranch. Calaveras Co.. to deposit I
tailings in Murray Cr«*k. and from the Em- J
«>ry Gold Mining and Water Co., In the Rose
Bin Mine, near Mountain Ranch. Calaveras
<~c. to deposit tailings in Murray Creek, gives
BCtJee that a n-.eot'.r.g will be held at room £9. j
Flood building. Ssn Francisco, Cal., on Jaa- ;
uary 14. 1901. at l:S0 p. m. j
El'RING Valley Water Works— Annual Meeting |
—The annual meeting of the stockholders of j
the Spring Valley Water Works will be held I
Et the efflce of the company. No. 12G Stock- j
ten street. San Francisco, California, at 12 i
o'clock M.. on WEDNESDAY, the 9th day I
ri J&nuary, 3901. to elect trustee* to eerve ]
Xor the ensuing- year and for the transaction j
cf ruch other business as roay come before
the rseetirg. San Francisco. California.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
annual meeting cf the stockholders of the !
Nevada National Bar.k of Fan Francisco. Cal..
will be held at its banking house, SCI Mont-
pcrrery et.. Fan Francisco. Cal.. on TUES- I
PAT. January 8. 1S01. at 2:15 o'clock p. m..
for the election of directors to serve for the
«nsu'.ng year and the transaction cf tuch
rther business as may come before the meet-
ir.K. GEO. GRANT. Cashier.
San Francisco. December S. 1*00. :
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; pri-
vate entrance. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant av.
AGEXTS WANTED.
AOENTS isake £200 per month selling our nov-
e!ty machines; on application will eend cut
and prices. FOOTE MFG. CO.. Los Angeles.
SOLICITORS •wanted; men or women: good
salaries warranted; payable either weekly or
monthly; expenses paid. 927 Market, rm. 615.
FINE business for ladles. Call or write 16
ft. Anns' BuiMins:. 6 Eddy rt.. S. F.
ADOPTION.
A GOOD home open for girl or boy baby. Add.
Vr» Dr Fiinke. 1416 Eighth ft.. Alameda.
ASPHALTL'M IIOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal, me Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
~ ATTORXEVS A.T LAW.
R. W. KING. S27 Market Bt.. Cth floor, room €27
— l^tates. damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
cc'lectlcns; all cases; fair fee; no advance
charge*; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
/.IjVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W
HOWE, atty at law. 800 Market, cor. Stocktn.
FRANK W. SMITH; mining and probate law a.
specialty. Mills big., r. 8. 4th Or.; tel. Red S616.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
VT. DAVIDSON. S27 Market st,. opp. Mason.
J. EDW. JARRETT. Hearst bldg.. Third and
Silaxket sts. ; phone Red S2S2.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels b!dg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
BCSIXESS CUAXCBS.
A— J2S0— CIGAR etore on Market St.; rent $20-
a good-paying stand. Call R. G. WILKE.
2C6 Kearr.y Et.
Jl— SJOO— CORNER grocery and bar on Langton
ft.; rent $20; place estab. 20 years; must sell,
as owner wants to retire and give long lease
to right party. R. O. WILKE. 28^, Kearny.
A— S25O— PARTNER wanted in an employment
office; can clear easily J1E0 per month; only
good, active man need apply. R. G. WILICE
2S-4 Kearny et.
A— J450— CORNER grocery store, with bar. la
the Mission; 4 large rooms; rent t25; dally re-
ceipts about $15. Call R. G. WILICE, 2«i*
Kearny et. ¦ -'
A-S2TS: CORNER saloon In the Mission; rent
$20; lease; pood-paying business. Call R. G
WILKE. 2CKj Kearay St.
A— *7M>; CORNER grocery and bar, with 11 fur-
nished rooras; rent $40; finest business corner
la Western Addition; is doing a splendid
business. Call It. G. WILKE. 2C*4 Kearny st.
A— S300; RESTAURANT In the Mission, kept by
present ftwner g years, and always cleared
above 5125 per month; rent 123; with 8 rooms.
?45. Call It. G. WILKE. 2C'j Kearny st.
A— S2KW; CORNER grocery and bar on Nine-
teenth St.. known as one of the best paying
corner groceries in this city; rent $40; stock
Tv-IH invoice {2000; horse and wagon; only rea-
con for selling owners to retire. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2C',j Kearny Et.
A— I ::/ : restaurant with 2S furnished rooms, in
Stockton; rent $25; 2 years' lease; owner to
leave for East; must sell quick; a good-paying
buslner;:. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
a3;225: RESTAURANT and cbophouse opp. VL.
R. cable house; rent {20; good paying place;
Investigate soon, as rare chance. Call R. <J.
WILKE. 26'4 Kearny st.
BE8TAX7HAKT with living rooms; good prices;
rr.oetly transient; doing a nice business; well
rrnshd.; must eel!. LANK & CO.. S65 Market.
$3W— RESTAURANT bargain this day. Uc^
LAUGI1LIN & CO., 7774 Market et.
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
PARTNER wanted In a large old-establUhed
profitable business, controlling a .good tare,
solid and reliable trade. Owing to retirement
cf former manager owner has decided to sell
an interest to an acceptable party; duties will
be the keeping of the accounts and assisting
generally In th« management of the business:
capital required $3000 to $10,000: full value In
sight; books and business open for Investiga-
tion. Apply J. W. DONNELLY &. CO.. 632
Market st.
BRANCH bakery: 2 rooms furnished; little
money. DONNELLY. 632 Market St.
•S00 JSOO $800
CORNER GROCERY.
FULL VALUK IN STOCK.
FINE HORSE'AND WAGON.
Means a fortune to any one possessing aver-
age business ability; no room to doubt: must
eell: retiring. STKNHERG CO.. 75!) Market.
TO oil companies and promoters— 5<W0 acres
Kern oil land; »2 EO and upwards: part cash,
part stock. Address box »49, Call office.
$1200— RESPECTABLE, genteel and very pioflt-
able business: suitable for lady or man and
wife. Apply SCHOTTLER A CO.. 3 Eddy St.
$110— PARTNER wanted to tend cash counter
la restaurant: lady preferred. Particulars of
SCHOTTLER & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
A-WAXTE D— A good tenant for grand corner
etore and basement, with fixtures suitable for
grocery business; epecial inducements. Ap-
ply SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
RESTAURANT: income $50 dally; estab. 12
rears: long lease: meals S5 cents. Call on
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market; by Call bldg.
WANTED— Lady or cent with $200; salary $17
per week. Including all expenses: must travel
and act as cashier. Box 961, Call office.
I WOULD like to engage a party If competent
and give becurity to run my coffee house. Call
cr address COFFEE JOHN. 613 Clay tt.
$250 — GROCERY for sale at above price If
taken right away; well located and paying.
ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
GOOD-PAYING cigar store. Inquire at 29
Ninth st.
CIGAR store, fine location, for eale cheap. 29
Ninth st.
RESTAURANT; bargain; paying business;
cheap rent; good location. Apply 269 Hayes.
JSOO — RESTAl'RAXT; fine location; low rent:
home comforts; sacrificed for other interests.
Geo. W. Caswell & Co.. 412-414 Sacramento:
H<~»G and chicken ranch: $8. Inquire at Eight-
Mile House, Colma. t^an Mateo County.
RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; daily re-
ceipts about $C0. Call at place. 410 Kearny st.
"CAPITALISTS attention"— An investment of
$12,500 by one or more parties will purchase
controlling interest in eetab. business that
will pay $5000 per month: this Is bonande; will
stand investigation. 927 Market, room 615.
A— PLAY THE RACES—
20 to 50 per cent profit monthly on our new
system ; call and investigate. N. S. HAND &
CO.. expert handlcappers, suit 12, 34 Kearny.
FINE paying restaurant for sale; must sell
account of serious sickness; sell at big bar-
rain. Box S29. Call.
MKSSRS. A. NEUBOURG Sz CO. of Shanghai
desire to come Into touch with capable San
Francisco or Eastern manufacturers with a
view to busisess in China. Address L. RO-
SEN1HAL, 1263 Octavia St.
PARTNER wanted In wholesale fruit and
produce business; well established; splendid
opportunity to right party; capital required.
$:XOO to $4000. Apply P. O. box 251. Sacra-
ircnto. Cal.
BUTCHER business In thriving country town;
estab. over 40 yrs. ; owner wishes to retire;
property will invoice price. Box 806, Call.
FOR SALE— Cheap; restaurant and chop house;
retiring on account of dzath; must sell this
week; best location; low rent. Box 811, Call.
A— NICE Ealoon; must bo sold; good reason for
celling. Call 247 Fifth st.
PARTY would like to invest in business; small
capital; willing to work. Box 946. Call office.
SALOON for sale. 23 East st.
$30 WINS $300 per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbscriptlons has been established at 10S6
Valencia st.
LODGING-norSES FOR SALE.
A FEW OF H.' a*DECKER'S BARGAINS:
24 rooms; house clears $100 $2000
14 rooms on Mission Bt 600
B-room flat on Taylor et 210
E0 rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 2600
15 rooms on Third st 600
£0 rooms cn Powell ft 9M
, 46 rooms; tine corner; clears $200 3oOO
24 rooms on Geary St.; clears $150 1900
28 rocn:s cn Kearny ft.; clears JO....... KOO
I SELL AND EXCHANGE
BCSXXKSS PLACES. CITY AND
COUNTRY REAL KPT ATE— WHAT HAVE
YOU TO OFFER?
40 rooms; boarding-house $4800
S3 rocms on Market st 1404
32 rooms on l'ost: in payments 850
' 12 roc.rrs; clears $73 450
; SCO OTHERS— PRICES FROM $100 TO $25,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT I/DWEST RATES.
CALL AND SEE HE— OFFICE OPEN
EVENINGS.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 MARKET ST. ; PHONE
MINT 7S6.
! MONEY loaned on lodging-houses. 1H p. c. ;
I anything you want In lodging-houses; s'mpls:
C rooms on Turk st rent $27. .Price.- $300
7 rocms on Larkin st rent $40. .Price... $450
\ 10 rooms on Taylor st rent $40. .Price... $550
1 1! rooms on O'Farrell st..rent $50. .Price... $55»
. 12 rocms on Mason st rent $35. .Price... $J50"
I 1£ rooms on O'Farrell st-.rent $55. .Price... $750
16 rooms on Turk Bt rent $65.. Price... $800
16 rocms on Howard st.. ..rent $25. .Price... $750
17 rooms on Taylor st rent $S0.. Price. ..$1475
19 rooms on Taylor st rent $75.. Price. ..$1250
24 rooms on Leav. st.. r ..rent $125. .Price. ..$1900
87 rooms on Powell st.V^rent 8175.. Price.. .$l»00
44 rooms on Market St.. .rent $175.. Price... $2400
More money wanted to loan on lodging-
houses on 1-3 value at 1 per cent up;
gilt-edge security; no expense to lender.
For quick eales list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY. SIS Market St.; phone Black e215.
j 60 ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $150 $3000
37 rooms; money-maker; near Market 1900
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn; extra... 950
15 rooms: Leavenworth; rent $57 60 900
10 rocm. $450; 10 rooms, quick s'O
20 rooms; detached; handsome yard, with
drive to barn and lease $10 month, leaving
rent only $65 month: clears $100 month; special
enap. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market.
17 rooms; cheap rent; only $650
21 rooms; rent $G0; must sell 1000
23 rooms; part cash 700
46 rooms; corner; rent $(0 1100
100 rooms; men only; see It 10G0
\ LARGEST list lodging-houses; good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD.
rms.1-2. 917 Market St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
FOR SALE — Cheap on account of death: a fur-
nished house of 9 rooms; all full. Call or ad-
dress S73 Mission st.; no agents.
i $1100— €0 ROOMS: fine location: well furnished;
i all rented: low rent. B A PILE, 3 Eddy st.
A NICELY furnished 9-room house; easy rent.
8« Post st. .: :\ ;
FOR f?ALE— Rooming house, 12 rooms; cheap.
415 Powell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM. world^«iow^ed~spIriU
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorce*, deaths; unites the separated:
mining a specialty; clrs. Sun., Wed.. Frl.ev's.
corne and be convinced. Permanently located
£13 Eddy et., bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
MRS. LESTER, reaJIngs dally, circle every
eve.. 10c. except Wed., devel. circle. 222 Turk.
EARLE, 305 Taylcr St.. corner Ellis— Slttingi
dally; eeance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
G Mayo-Steers, 112% Oak, trance medium;
readings. $1; hours, 1-5 p. m.; tel. Howard E27.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAlllster-Mre. C. J
Meyer, sittings dally; tests to all to-night; 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
CLAIIIVOYAXTS.
' MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permantly located at 1206 Market
St., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25- and
£6; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; 15 years' experience; her knowledge of the
uc*een forces is invaluable to professional and
business men, to wives and lovers; follow het
, advice and you will make no mistake. 1194
Market eu. corner Mason, room 28. ,
A— Mrs. Dr. Saylor, queen of clairvoyants and
palmists; Important advice on mining specula*
ticn, business, law; evil Influence removed;
fee 50c, mall $1. 15UK Market, opp. Van Ness.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double vell*-second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit.. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; . advice
I given In all affairs of life; satisfaction guar.
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third st. next Examiner.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, . clairvoyant " ta!
palmlet, permantly located 1143 Market, opp.
Cth: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LA ROSE, clairvoyant; card reader: best
t advice, 25c up." 472 Stevenson at., cor. SfxtU
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c 1149 Mission.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant and
water reader. 11 Sixth St.; German spoken.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; pant,
present, future; 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny st., rooms 8-10.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is The great palm-
ist and card reader: 25c. 7 Seventh Bt.-
CLAIR\^3YANT, mineral psychometrist. palm-
ist and card reading, 25c. 1241Vs, Market st.
MRS. BROWN, scientific card reader; readings
dally. 309 Fifth St., room 2.
BORROW on diamonds: secrecy: private en-
trance; private rooms. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S% Jessie st.'
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
art vice; names given; 23c up. 5 Fourth St.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works, 233-357 Tehama st.: tel. South 40.
STANDARD. 313 Guerrero— Curtains and bjan-
kets renovated. 2£c per pair; carpets cleaned.
3c yd: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 108.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at 6c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: .tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beatingr and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Eutter St.;
tel. Main 894. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'6 Carpet-Beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for rale cheap. &32 Mission.
CHIROPODISTS, jj
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, 'warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
less successful. - Room 310. 927 Market st. .
dentists:
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Ma£
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly;- teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,"
$3 50 up; plates, oxtractlons free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D., Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of CO per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldrework. See our new.
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 50: fillings. 50c; plates.
$5, full eet; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prlies for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method : 20 years' ex-
perience; no' students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, SO O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM KILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 960
Mission st.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction,, 50c.
A. L. SIMPSON. D.D. S., 1206 Market St.— Kx-
pert tooth extractor; crown and bridgework.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st. •
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut: evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng.plnklng. 121 Pout, overO'Connor & Moftatt.
' EDICATIOSAL.
EVENING SCHOOL, S?~fT"bUSIN ESS COL^
LEGE, 1236 Market St.; Individual Instruction
in bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market at.— Day
and evening; $g per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 1C4 positions secured for our students
during the past 5 months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
i Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand, rrportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, Kngllsh branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and mndlcal col-
leges: references. President Jordan or. any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to It by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 3G5 Larkin st.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand: Pitman sys-
tem; private lessons by an experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL. 126 Kearny St.. r. 53.
ATTENTION!— Terr's pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; short time; college«graduates
I peifected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
j ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mlning.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.; est. 1561.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
MISS M. O. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy:
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from $1 to $1000. at UNCLE HARRIS'.
15 Grant ave.
French, Spanlsh.etc.,Prof.DeFllllppe's Academy
of languages, 320 Post ;estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
TEACHERS' Agcy, A. McNlell,Mgr..r. 31. Flood
bldg.; high school, grammar, private teachers.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
lLLUSTRATION^PARTINGTON'S~r>AY and
ILLUSTRATION; night class. 424 Pine Bt.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.. day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants; 421 Post
St.; tel. Bush 135. GEO. AOKI BROS, tt CO.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est.
: 1870: practical recommend: try them: removed
to 419 Devlsadero: teL Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
RELIABLE Japaneee-Chlnese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. !15 Stockton; Main BUS.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. C26 O'Farrell St.: tel. Hyde 2191.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
' • OKPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
; nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: teL Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
I Best help. 4UH O'Farrell st; tel. East 428.
; EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
; A RESPECTABLE woman would like a place
i to do general housework; Is a good cook; no
objection to children. Call 49 Shipley st.
A NEAT, reliable girl Wishes a position of
second work: wages $20; references. MISS A,
. 1429 San Bruno avenue. - ¦ ¦ ¦ -: -
' WANTED— By German lady, position as work-
• Ing housekeeper in respectable family; city
or country. Call or address 2787 Folsom st.
• MIDDLE-AGED German lady wiBhes position
as working housekeeper or light housework In
small family. 1308% Devlsadero st.
WOMAN wants work by the day; housework or
laundry; good cook. 1052 Howard st., room 2.
! COMPETENT . executive % housekeeper and
' amanuensis; unexceptionable references; sal-
I ary $100 per month; New York and London
experience; understands charge of, servants.
t house parties, dinner companies, an- well as
correct dally routine.^ Address MRS. ED-
] MUND, : 16 North E St.. Tacoma, Wash. ,
• AN elderly American woman wishes position
1 to do light housew'ork in a small family; good
" home more of an object than wages. 700
1 • Twenty-seventh st., Oakland. . • • •
: POSITION wanted for man and wife 'to take
1 charge of "lodglng-houre; country preferred.
] Box 942, Call office.
LADY wishes to ; work by the day or take
: washing at home. Apply MRS. F.. 335 Fourth.
; BORROW, money of the' respectable. and rella-
, ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant ave.
- YOUNG lady wishes situation to nurse parties
s going to Europe. / 717 Clayton st. ¦ _ . - :
i WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mw-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 CO night. $1 60. to $t
' week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and ; from ferry.;.
- A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
t subscriptions' has been; established : at ,1006
.' Valencia, at", -j. : ¦ ¦....¦'. ;
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
CARPENTER; good all around mechanic, -nei-
ther drinks nor smokes; ' member of M. E.
church; wide experience; has worked as mlll-
wright," at wagon-making and cabinet-mak-
ing; for some company or institution; reason-
able "wages: good references. Address box
8C9. Call office. ¦ ' - - '
SVANTED— Position as foreman in planing
mill; 8 years In last place; understands all
branches; would go in country. Address
box 959. Call office. '
RELIABLE middle-aged man wants to take
care of horses, cows and do chores. Apply 9
Geary et.. room 8.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged man as
bartender; Iirs hnd some experience; will
work reasonably. Box 962. Call office.
\ YOUNG and active man wishes situation as
porter in store or any kind of work. Address
CHAS. GANSBERG, ¦ 031 Sacramento st.
STEADY, reliable man: understands care of
horses, cows, etc. : good driver; general handy
man; willing and obliging. Box 971. Call.
SITUATION by a German as bartender, lunch-
man or as waiter In a restaurant. Call or
write B. W.. 625 Pacific st.
fOUXG man, well educated, holding respon-
sible position with wholesale ¦ house, desires
employment evenings; clerical or otherwise;
can furnish bond if necessary. Address box
92S. Call office.
9ALKSM AN ' wants position in country store;
best of city references; has been 15 years In
the la* t two situations. Address Box B5I,
Call office. -r .
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant ave. . ¦ .. . ¦ ¦ • . \
COOK would like a situation in hotel, restau-
rant or boarding-house; city or country'. 3
Stevenson st '
MARRIED man wishes a position as porter,
janitor or night watchman; aged 4(1 Address
box 937, Call office. . ..
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady
position. Address H. ICIEHL. New Atlantic
Hotel. 207 Montgomery aye.
AN. experienced man in liquor buslnees desires'
situation in wholesale house; speaks German
and Spanish; good references. Box 933, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation at>
watchman or porter work In store; best of
references. Box 936, Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been " established at 10W
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertiyempnts and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlcc.2200 Flllmore at.
' FEATHEK PILLOWS.
IIO'telS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FRATHER FACTORY. 244 SteVPnaon st.
FLATS TO LET.
A BUNNY flat; 4 rooms and bath; good condi-
tion; $14. 39 Langton St., near Seventh.
A SUNNY upper flat of -4 rooms: good condi-
tion; $10. US Perry 3t.. near Third.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
BUNNY flat. C rooms and bath. 733 Turk St.,
corner Franklin.
TO let— Sunny rear flat of 4 rooms. 119 Leav-
•enworth st.
1515% MISSION, near Eleventh— Large sunny
roomg; bath; laundry; rent $20. ¦
17 — 4-ROOM flats on Victor St.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
rilllMTl'RE FOR SALE.
"A GREAT SNAP"— «-room flat; 802 Devlsa-
dero; rent $30; brand new, mahogany mantels,
ga3, grates, porcelain tub, elec. lights, porce-
lain tlnk. Tennessee marble washstand; fur-
• ntture for sale: mahogany, golden oak furni-
ture, metal beds.Axmlnster carpet, round din-
ing table, pictures. Apply 1 to 3. or ad. box 910
FURNITURE for sale— Flat to let; 6 rooms:
bath, yard. 3570 Seventeenth st., near Guer-
rero: apply 9 to 11 a. m. : gentleman who left
umbrella Thursday please call. . j
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $48 40, with No. 7 !
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel.PolkS34;
furniture & furn'd nouses bought: spot cash.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys j-our furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. : tel. Jessie 761.
TO receive highest value for fur., carpets, etc.,
see W. E. CODY. 757 Mlfslon. tel. Red 3363.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: teL Red 1354.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO "Phone. Grant 1S5.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $30; 4 waitresses, Los An-
geles, $2i), free fare; 2 waitresses Salt Lake
City, fare here; 10 waitresses different com-
merical , hotels. {20 and $22 50; 8 waitresses
very best city hotels, $20; 4 chamber maids,
city, $15 and SIS; 3 chambermaids to wait,
$20; woman cook, $30; fancy lroner, $35: flrst-
class chambermaid, Santa Barbara, $20, see
party here.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Infant's nurse, $2T», ref.; 2 or 3 young girls to
do plain Ironing and t>ewlng, $20; chamber-
maid and, waitress who can sew, $25; scrub
woman, no Sunday work, $1 a day. steady
place; houseglrls, second girls, nurseglrls. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
NURSERY governess who has Al reference
from private family where she has had full
charge of two or more email children: none
other need apply; $40. C. R. HANSEN &
CO, 104 Geary st.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12—
6 chambermaids, city, $15 and $20; head
waitress, $25; 4 waitresses, city, $20; cham-
bermaid, country hotel, $20, free fare.
WANTED— In Oakland, a reliable girl or mid-
dle-aged woman to asstst with upstairs work
and care of children: no washing: wages $12.
Address MRS. A.. Call office, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED operators on knitting ma-
chines. Apply to J. J. PFISTER KNITTING
CO., 412 Polk St., near McAllister, San Fran-
cisco.
WANTED— Young woman to take full charge
of restaurant; $100 required; good chance to
make money. Apply 906 Market St., room 8.
"WANTED — A thorough, rapid and accurate
stenographer, who is also a good accountant;
permanent position in wholesale house. Ad-
dress box 970, Call office.
ELDERLY German Cathollo-woman for house-
work; no washing; sleep home; $15. 782 Ful-
ton st,
WANTED— Finishers on pants; steady work:
• good pay. Metropolitan Tailoring Co., 947
Market st.
WANTED— Girl between 25-35; good cook; first
floor work; wages $25 per month. Call 212
Ashbury st., near Hayes; car fare paid.
EXPERIENCED bindery girl wanted. MT-
SELL, ROLLINS & CO., 22 Clay st.
WANTED— Lunch cook. Corner Pacific and
Broderlck sts. .
YOUNG girl for general housework In a small
family. 2040 Sutter at., near Flllmore.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' custom
and stock shirts. 535 Valencia st.
A GIRL for second work and waiting. Apply
at 1224 Geary st.
WANTED— First-class waitresses. Hotel Repe-
Her, 781 Sutter st.
WANTED — First-class chambermaid; must un-
derstand . waiting at table. 1001 Push at.
YOUNG woman, light housekeeping; $10 mo.j
- small place. Call afternoon, 710 Lombard et.
GIRLS wanted. Apply at U. S. Laundry, Slj>
teenth and Valencia sts.
YOUNG girl to help: sleep home; small fam-
Uy; wages $10. 723^ Turk st
GIRL to assist with general housework; sleep
home. 435 Fell St.
GIRL to assist with general housework; wages
$15. 629 McAllister st.
GIRL for cooking and general housework; 2 In
.family; wages $20. - 2D99 Howard st.
SEWING machine operators wanted at Lerl
Strauss A Co.'s overall factory, 32^4 Fremont
• St. Apply to MR. DAVIS. .
WANTED— A good girl for cooking and gen-
eral housework: references required; good
wages. Box S29. Call otlice.
LADIES wishing to marry good '-men call or
write MRS. HERTZ. 7C6 Ellis St.; no charges.
BORROW.-.- on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
paintings; secrecy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant av.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats.
Apply 461 Jessie st.
YOUNG girl; light housework; pleasant home
$10. 1424V4. Jackson st.
WANTED — A neat young girl to mind chll-
dren. Call 338 Sixth fct.
DRESSMAKER, skirt hands and new , begln-
ners. MRS. M. SCHNEIDER, 2300 ¦ Poet gt.
WANTED — Conscientious -woman capable ol
taking charge of .business and directing em-
: ployes; . must ! have references. ¦ Address boj
944. Call office. .
WANTED— Flrst-claes . finisher ¦ on custom
coats. M. WEINER. 222 Kearny st.
APPRENTICES" for ladles' tailoring. A. A
1IOENIG. 819 Post *t.
. HELP WASTED- FEMALE. .
EXPERIENCED' operators wanted ; to sew
shirts; a few inexperienced ' taught. Apply
The L. ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st.
WANTED— A lady for sewing: good home and
fair pay for right party. Call after 2 p. m.
at' 116 . Taylor Et. ,: ¦-..-¦- ,.. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
. lencla st. ' ¦
HELP WANTED-MALB.
A— MURRAY & READY.:. ..Phone Main 5843
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT. 7 A. M. TO-DAY
painter j; £0 day, see boss here
/ Carpenter, bridge aarl trestle work.. $70 and fd
f Cabinetmaker ...Drillers, city
(....DAIRIES FARMS .....STABLES....
Buttermaker. Sonoma County.. 530 and founnd
Farm hands and teamsters Pruners
Buggy washer, $30 and found; stableman,
$43: boy for store. $10 and found; choremen
and boys; S woodchoppers, Santa Cruz Co.,
80c and $1 23 cord, tools and provisions fur-
nished; woodchoppern and tiemakers. all
parts of California. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay St.
A— NIGHT cook, $60; second cook. $50; baker.
country shop,' see boss here; bakers, $14 and
$15 week; second baker. $10 week
'.Ranch cook. $20
2 waiters, same country hotel... $25 and found
Cooks, city and country; dishwasher for
mine. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at
C. R. HANSEN A CO ...Phone Grant 1S5
RAILROAD WORK....
20 teamsters. State of Nevada $2 a day
25 laborers, company work .$1 75 a day
Free Fare Free Fare.;. Free Fare
4 farmers, orchard work, Alameda Co., $20;
i asphalt miners. $2 a day; driver, milk
'wagon, $30: grocery clerk, $10 a week
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, $60; dishwasher, $25, same country
hotel; fry cook, $60; broiler, $50: head waiter,
$45; waiter, $40. for- hotel. Nevada: night
cook, country hotel. $30: houseman, country
hotel. $20; 2 bell boys. $17 EO and $20; oyster-
man. $35 .'.
C. R. HANSEN & CO... ....104 Geary st.
STOREKEEPER, first-class country hotel; one
who has been steward preferred; $50
C. R. HANSEN & CO ; 104 Geary st.
A WANTED
Cook, nice country hotel, $50. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 gay st ¦
A — HOTEL Gazette, 26 Montgomery, room 12.
5 colored waiters, city hotel, $25: chef. $90:
pastry cook and confectioner, $75: 4 waiters,
country hotel, $30; third cook, $30.
A. F. DRAGO & CO., Employment Office. 24
Montgomery ave. — Wanted, 6 woodchoppers.
pine. Jl 23 per cord; redwood, 75c; rough hard-
wood, $1 50; shingle bolt, $1 50: a night bell-
boy; waiter for country hotel, must speak
Italian and English, free pa?s.
A — 1 SIIAPER hand. ?¦ sticker hand, non-union;
carpenters and planing mill machine hands
please register; new Jobs daily; no office fees.
Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny
et., room 9.
BARBERS, notice — Journeymen Barbers' Inter-
national Union No. 148 meets MONDAY, Jan.
7, at 8:15 sharp; public Installation 9 p. m.;
32 O'Farrell st; proprietor barbers invited.
' L LESS. Secretary.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment: only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 15J.
"WANTED— Office boy 16 to IS: must write a
good hand. Apply at 814 Montgomery St.,
rocm l. Saturday 2 p. m., with written appli-
cation and references.
THOROUGHLY experienced pawnbroker's
clerk; good position to one understanding the
business; state references. Address box 965,
Call office.,
BOY experienced In composing room: also boy
experienced In pressroom. PERN AU BROS..
643 Clay st. ¦
WANTED— Underpreeser on pants; steady
work: good pay. Metropolitan Tailoring Co.,
947. Market st.
EXPERIENCED salesman to take orders in
country town; chance to make big money.
Call at once. 9 Leavenworth st.
WANTED— A barber fcr Saturday; wages $3.
1209 Point Lobos ave.
2 GOOD barbers Saturday and Sunday. Shav-
and haircuttlng parlors, 14064 Dupont st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday: must
belong to union; wages $5. 614^4 Third st.
BARKER wanted for Saturday. 664 Mission et.,
downstairs.
WANTED-.Good cook. JB10 Stanyan St., opp.
Golden Gate Park. >
BOY to carry morning papers In Western Ad-
dition. Box 968. Call office.
WANTED— Cook at 1012 Battery st.
ERRAND boy, well recommended. 535 Valen-,
da st. v
BRIGHT boy for Jewelry etore; state refer-
ences. Box 966, Call office.
MAN to cut wood by contract. $3 per cord. 1123
Market st.
SHOEMAKER wanted for custom repairing.
Call at 939H Mission st.
WANTED— An elevator boy. £9 Stockton st.
WANTED— A cook. 1024 Hyde st.
WANTED— Two good oyster men. 113 Ellis st.
ANY amount to loan on your diamonds: low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
GET your nhoes half-soled while- waiting: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HELPER on sheetlron work; state age. where
last employed and wages expected. Box 919,
Call office, c-'vs*
YOUNG man In retail gents' furnishing; make
himself generally useful; state. experience and
salary. Address Custom, box 951, Call.
HELPER on wrought and cast Iron work. Ap-
' ply 814 Kearny st.
WANTED — Young man about 18 to learn bar-
ber trade; private shop.' Box 955, Call.
A HARNESSMAKER fcr Sacramento County;
$2 £0 a day and board. ' H. M. QUAST, 400
Market st.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
¦ character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 6 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet
1 inch in height: able to read, write and
speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
St., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— A man who is or has been an en-
gineer or conductor on the S. P. R. R.: must
be a good mixer; a splendid opportunity for
the right man; must be industrious and am-
bitious; If in doubt address or call upon the
Syndicate Company, 5 Market st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements; catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay et.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price, f.62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and Id sts.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
BARBER wanted to buy 6-chatr barber shop;
running 4 chairs steady; best location In city;
price $330. Address box 903, Call office.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c Boston House. 930 Howard st.
AGENT to introduce best thing on the coast.
Address Dundee Mfg. Co.. 14 Flood bldg., 8.F.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard A Co.. old reliable
firm. S06 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741 A Howard st,
8. F. Barber School.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; readlng-rooma; free
'bus Rnd baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subpcrlptlons has been established at 1008
Valencia st. ' "
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
ppKtage paid. :¦.-• • '
I1EMOH H : HO1OS
AN Y~case~oT Plies. Piles, Piles, Piles; over 200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be interviewed;
; .no surgery, ealves or ointments; no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc-^-For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons/, buggies,
carts.' harness. ¦ Grand Arcade Horse Market.
¦327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every .Wednesday.
SULLIVAN ;& DOYLE, Auctioneers.
GOOD work horae for sale. S. McCREADY,
1121 Vermont et.
HOUSES TO LET. ~~
A^pIuNT^dXiS^^ for cir-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
V HOUSES TO LET—FURNISHED.
PACIFIC Heights; 14 rooms; "modern; $130.
THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. HAYMOND— Strictly reliable; t«aches
hypnotism in five lessons for $5. 997 Market st.
_JV VALID CHAIRS AND TRICYCLE3.
SOLD and rented: manfr. of the Eames tricycle
chair. EAMES Tricycle Co.. 2100 Market st,
LOST AND FOUXD.
PURSE lost yesterday on Valencia car or go-
Ing from there to Powell, then to Sacramento
car; orlzed as gift. Please return to KEX-
NEDY-RAPJOHN CO., Post, near Montg'y.
LOST— A Scotch collie bitch. Return to 804
Larkin st.. barber shop, instead of Atlas
store; reward. i
$100 REWARD— On New Year's eve. a purse
containing solitaire diamond ring and small
gold. Box 972 Call office. i
REWARD; no questions asked; disappeared
from Terminal warehouse: watch. Elgin.
4.359.623, boss case 2.013.9C5; chain square-link
and links round; small ring attached, with
garnet set: "II. T." engraved on watchcase.
Return to 629 Seventh St.. or to 532 Townsend.
LOST OR STOLEN— From Eleventh and Mis-
sion sts., a Gordon setter bitch; reward. Re-
turn to J. MULLER.
LOST— New Year's eve. In Lorentz*s bakery, 133
CFarrell St.. light-brown fur collarette. Re-
turn to 605 O'Farrell St.: reward.
LOST— January 2. plain gold ring. Return to
office. 1004 Market st.; liberal reward.
LOST— In San Lorenzo. Gordon setter, calls by
name of Jack; reward. . Address Postmaster.
Ban Lorenzo. ____^__
LOST— A Scotch collie bitch; return to Oe«JT
and Larkin Atlas Grocery Store; reward.
ANY old thing; also diamonds, sealskins; money
- on them; private entrance: perfect secrecy.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. moved to 101$ Market,
opp. 6th; world-renowned- ladies' specialist;
safe, reliable; prartlced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully ;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all other fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 897 Market St.. cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; treatment
$5; positive cure guaranteed; when others fall
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
MR& DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
of flee. $3; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post st.. bet. Hyde and Larktn.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market— Ladles"
specialists: 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed: ladies treated can return same
d»y; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps, dr.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007'i Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice in S. F., a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles spe-
clalist; safe'and sure cure, |5; best care; low
fees: when all others fall consult free.
LADIES' Home Remedy Co.. 212 Ellis st.— Pri-
vate diseases of women: satisfaction guaran-
teed or money refunded; sanatorium.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 87 years for female
troubles. 323 Kearny st.; call and see me.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist; home
for patients. 504 Eddy st.
DR. NO TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 704 Sacramento St.. near Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & "WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
33 complete outfits on'one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 4» California
St.; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A — BUYS, sells or rents 'gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pines, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
SOME nice furniture for sale very reasonable.
Call 8 to 9 a. m. and 7 to 8 p. m., at 1840
Sutter st.; no dealers. \
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill
air compressors. JARDINE'S. 220 Fremont st.
GAS engine, one horsepower. $75; can be seen
at work. Shirt Store. 535 Valencia st.
CHEAP— Aermotor windmill and two tanks. P.
O. box 214, San Rafael.
2D-HAND steam, gas, oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. 516 Mission.
BLUE gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KEY-
SER. 206 Clay st.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 216 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand' moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 121 Post St.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A FIRST quality Invalid's chair, with or with-
out wheels. Box 973. Call office. , _ ; .
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought A
sold. Ellverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. . H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AA— BEST rates and easles terms.
Second Mortgages
Interest in Estates
Undivided Interest in Real Estate......
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY amount at. 6 per cent; 1st, 2d and Sd mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgagos and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. t,
ANY proposition, any amount: ( per cent; first,
second mortgRgea, estate* In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
' est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market.
st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture, pianos, no removal, or any other
security: quick; lowest rate;- easy terms: no
brokerage; private, reliable parties. 1170 Mar-
ket St., room 68.
A— $10^000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWXSTONE, 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 81xth;
highest- price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
AXT amount.* lowest rates, on furniture, etc.;
no removal, no commission: strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave. - -
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex., 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansome. rm. t.
CASH loaned on salaries : New York pi»"
THE TOU3LEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.^
8% cn furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 8 Eddy st.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country; 6%; undi-
vided lnts. ; estates. HARPER, 397 Parrott big.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott build-
, Ing;. men can secure loans on personal notes.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market st..- room L
ON furniture and pianos; no removal; con-
fidentlal; on dlamonde, etc. 33. Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid.
. ¦ -MUSICAL'- INSTRUMENTS.
A GREAT reduction on pianos left from 1900 sale.
Guild $33
' Emerson 65
Stelnway 195
Chlckering •• 325
Haynes > ••: 285
Hallet & Davis.......... 43S
Heine. ; 433
20 new pianos at........ • 143
HEINE PIANO CO.. : 217 Geary St.. agents
Hallet & Davis.' oldest and most famous piano
in existence. Rents and easy payments.
BEAUTIFUL Chlckering upright: cost $475.
now $275. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
1-PEDAL upright piano; sacrifice: party going
• East. 419 Van Ness ave.. near McAllister st.
A CLEANING out sale of pianos In storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage, 1710 Market st.
MUSICAL TjfSTBPMBllTg* %
ANT person having use for a. plaao «a*« >Jgr
commodated at Sherman. Clay * Ctt-ew"?
easiest payments, lowest Prices and nw***:
• liable makers to choose from. Each the^be-t
of their grade, from Stelnway down- Frtv
liege given to exchange medlnnx and low-
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any urn*
within three years from date ot P"***/^
Beautiful new uprights sold f°r *6 ' e" a "g
13 per month. We offer to »«n somejrogl
Hanoi for «. J4 and J5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY A CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner kearny and Sutter st, San
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. O"
land. -
NOW is your chance to buy a _good Iplwo for »
small sum of money: J50. J75. J100. Jlo^ ".ay
price you want. Now. what do y» u ., w * n i 5 t -
Call on ua and get It. MAUVAIS*. 7O Market.
FOR the first 15 days of 1301 we are going to
sell our pianos and all kinds of musical gooas
at special reductions, with an extra discount
for cash purchases; make money by saving it
at MAUVAIS'. 7S9 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the, oldest and largest hoaae
west of Chicago ls'KOHLER A CHASE'S. 28.
28 and JO OFarrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grade*
end prices; terms easy; prices lowest: •very-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. '
A BIG sale of pianos now going on; all pianos
at reduced prices; fln« Urge one. »155; num-
ber on time limited: agency Chlckering Ma-
son A Hamlln. Vose Sterling etc HENJ.
CURTAZ & SON'. 1« O'Farrell st.; open e-ren-
Inss. ¦
BYRON" MAUZY. agency 8ohm«T A C^iByroa
Mauzy. Gabler and Speilman pianos. K» Post.
THREE-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain;
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission it.
GREAT many bargains In Jnd-hand vVftf*** :
small Installments. Honmng «¦» McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Bteck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. ft* Po**.
AT KEZFF1TS. 9S3 Market st.. 4 elegant np-
rights at your own price. Shonlngar agency;^
BEST rent stock In city: new ptanoe, IS P*r
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, tlthers, old and new.- H.
MULLER maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BAROAIN-Mutt be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.. next Hlb. Bank.
OIL.
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Company buys, de-
' velops exploits and sells oil lands: has excep-
tional "advantages for securtng Eastern capital
in proved fields; communications confidential.
F. H. HAUSMAN. Sec., room 32. Mills bldg.
•0 OR 49 acres for sale In !4 — 18 — 27 Kern River
Oil District: a grand chance for a company If
taken immediately. J. S. EWEN, 10 Cali-
fornia St.. room 1. J5an Francisco. Cal.
MUST have money: will sacrifice from 60 to
500 shares stock Diamond OH Company at SDc
per share; company's price 75c. with imme-
diate advance to {1 announced. Address box
933. Call ofHce.
HOW to get rich— Buy these bargains: 10d>
shares Bear State oil stock, sacrificed: 500
shares Sunset, only $30; 100 shares. {10. 935
Market St.. room I.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine street
MEMBER PRODUCERS' ' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country corre«rx>ndencg solicited.
~ OIL I*ANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River; proven territory; line of R, R.
Newton. Carmen & Somes, r. 134. Chronicle.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades: rooms papered. S3
up. Jensen A Bath. 208 Sixth et. ; open evening*.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scl»ntlfla palmist. (IS
Tsylor su. bet. Geary and Poet: teL Black Ml.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless) successful.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
OWEN McCABE. Importer, dealer In feathers;
: hair mattress and pillow manufactory; old
feathers renovated and purified; all feathers
sold warranted well dressed with my patent
steam renovator. 870 Mission; tel. Jessie 1114.
TO whom it may concern— I. AUGUSTO DO-
BELLI, having disposed of my Interest In
firm known as Dobellt & Fomentini. doing
business at 1313 Stockton it., will not be re-
sponsible for any debts contracted by sail
firm.
ALICE — The Gem Nursery at Los Gatos gives
grand presents for selling 91 or $50 worth
of vegetable and flower seeds or plants; par-
ticulars and samples free; send for catalogue.
Superfluous hair removed with electric needle:
electric roller facial treatment for wrinkles;
all branches taught. Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
' FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward; $1
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS. teL South 792.
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed: fine uphol-
stery; goods carefully packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKE BROS., SIS and 320 11th st.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
2"c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $4 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-<ruarter
or double. $125.. EASTERN OUTFTTTINO
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
tS OR $S00O to loan on diamonds, sealskins, sil-
verware, all valuable. UNCLE HARRIS. IS
Grant ave.
YOUNG buslnees man wants lady partner with
means; object, matrimony. Box 3913, Call.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ALFREDUM3 Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes^ play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 2Sc: all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL-Ofnce and residence.
lOSltt Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
PARALYSIS, rheumatism, asthma effectually
cured. DR. J. H. ReeVE. KM Kearny st.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
PRESTDIO^HETGHTa!
SUNNY CORNER.
FINE VTJEW. •
NE. cor. Clay and Locust ste.. I block* wtst
of Central ave.. on« block from doable track car
line on Sacramento st. : lot 75:6 front by U7:8 ft.
deep*, large, fine lawn: very solid and conve-
nient house of 14 rooms: the first floor Is built
in rock and cement; fine neighbors; price only
$25,000: easy- terms.
THO6. MAOEE A SONS. » Montgomery t.
IF you have property north ot the Far* and
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
OUNN. 8S0 California st.
MODERN houses bunt: lowest price*: plaas and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
DESIRABLE building lots; near a §ahool; prlo*
reasonable; on easy te*ms- 64» Minna, tt.
HOUSE and lot for sale at a «acrtSoe; account
of departure. IPS Post st.
REAL ESTATE—^C0U5TRY---Fog !•!•
MARIOX GRJUTJriN. 71* Market st.
Circular* free of Farms In all ta* cxmtlee.
Also city and country exchange list.
RANCH TO LET.
NEAR Haywards, 10 acres; wen Improved;
cash rent. 89M Sixteenth St.. city.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY RELAX ESTATE.
4-ROOM house; high basement: lot tftztU:
fenced; chicken house and yard: street mac-
adamized: price $300. $1CO down, balance $10
per month. Take Berkeley train, get off at
Lorln and Inquire for RUDOLPH. PERKINS
& LYON.
6- ROOM. 2-etory house, high celling; large cor-
ner lot. 50x130: good well and plenty of shrub-
bery on the place: price $1250, $150 down. bal.
ance in monthly payments. RUDOLPH.
PERKINS A LYON.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKU5D REAL ESTATE.
$350— A SMALL home of 4 rooms and bath- must
be sold: 33th st.. near Telegraph ave.; 25xioo
A. J. SSTDER & CO.. Real Estate, m Ntnt*
St.. Oakland. Cat ' . ,
OAKLAND FtnyiTTOB FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa the,
furniture dealer, Uth and Franklin. Q*kUndLContinued FrSm Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
Rolling Stock in New Zealand.
This Government has recently placed
¦with one of our well-known firms an order
for sixty odd passenger coaches at a cost
of about $500,000, to be built under the su
pervision of a railway official who is now
en rout© to the United States. The plac
ing of this order has caused much ad
¦verse criticism among the labor parties,
but the Government does not appear to be
greatly perturbed. The order calls for
specially designed and constructed
coaches to suit the narrow gauge railways
throughout the colony, and they will be
of the latest and most modern pattern, In
cluding every up to date Improvement
known to American carbullders. It is ex
pected that these coaches will be shipped
from New York City in March, 1901.
Mr. "Ward, the Minister for Railways,
while in the United States last year, thor
oughly studied our railways, coaches, lo
comotives and general : management, and
has. In consequence thereof, inaugurated
many reforms in his department.— Frank
Dllllngham, Consul at Auckland.
HOTEL AKRIVAXS.
GRAND HOTEL
H O Wilson & w, Butte
I S Logan, Riverside
C A Miller, Los Ang
A E Nutt, 8 Diego
J Campbell, Los Ang
J G Lovern, Eureka
E M Burke, S Barbara
J J Burkett, Stockton
A P Adams, Fresno
P Thies, S Jose
W Scarth& w, Cal -
F F Rogers, Phlladel
A R Curtis. S Rafael
C von Knobloch & f am,
Salt Lake
L Relnhardt, St Louis
G Chase, Chicago
R Keating, Palo Alto
W F Sheard, Tacoma
H S McKelllps Nev
L McKelllps, Nevada
G H Anderson. S Jost
G A Kellogg, Eureka
S S Hall. Sacto
Mrs F A Fisher. Astort
B Kaintze, Hanford
W B Guild, Boston
C H Holly, Visalla
J G McMillan, Cal
J Gardner, Palo Alto
H S Gans. R Bluff
H C Mackey, Medford
J B Bais, S Cruz
E-Bals, 8 Cruz --
A J Larson, Lodl
R B Burns, Los Ang
J H E%-ans & w, N Y •
C F Bryant, Cal -
C Wheeler, Reno
MF Johnston, Cal
L Schilling, Yuba
E E Stone, Marysvllle
W C Swain, MrysvUle
M Diggs. Woodland
S B Lelghton. Minn
W F Maggard, Corning
PALACE • HOTEL.
R J Davis, Ross
G A Lowery.. Stanford
T It Bacon & w, Cal
A J Westerfleld, Reno
T B Phlby, Oakland
T C Robertson.' Conn
W J Sherman <_ w. Cal
F M Stone, Oakland
T J Kirk, Sacto <
H W Keller. Los Ang
E C Campbell, PltUbrg
C F Clarke, Chicago
W J Hunsacker, L Ang
II Gelder & w, L, Ang
W Heffelflng-er & w,
I-cis Angeles
A J Ormsbee "& w, NY
C M Ingram, N Y
G Stowell. Boston.':- ri
HP Colbelt, Phila
A E Heyman & w, Cal
P Henshaw, "Chico
D G Stuart, Texas
D 8 Glass, Berkeley
G Mohrfl N Y
Mrs W Daniels, Colo
O C Townsend. Colo
G Lufkln. St. Louis
W Howard. San Mateo
J G Junge, Hamburg
R C Shayer. Colo
Mrs J F Kidder, G Val
Miss Kidder. Grass Val
O-W Meysenberg, Chio
W A Junker. Del Monte
S E Knapp & w.L Angr
C. Ray & w, Coulterv
J,B Gildersleeve, L A
NEW WESTERN HOTEL..
S Greenberg, . N Y
M G Baker & w, Ohio
W Hllleary & w, Utah
B Stein, Oakland
A C Ryon, N Y
J Finn. Portland !
G Piper & w, Utah
L Travis & vr, Wyo
Mrs Klogh, Sacto
Miss Madsen, Sacto
A F - Dawson, Phlla
D Bayslnger, Utah
Miss S Applegate, Or.
J F Connally, Boston
J R Madison, Portland
W G Daunt. Tulare
W V Reppert, Iowa
J C Laws, Bakersfleld
R Talfor, Crockett
A P Wagner, Mo '
J E Hall, S Rosa
Alpha 03 05 Justice 03 03
Alta ............. 05 06 Kentuck 01 03
Andes 08 09 Lady Wash — 03
Belcher ........ 11 12 Mextean 42 43
Best & Belcher S2 33 Occidental 05 Off
Bullion ....r.... 12 04 Ophlr 82 S3
Caledonia ...... 6i 67 Overman 13 14
Challenge Con. 18 -19 Potosl 19 20
Chollar 20 21 Savage 19 20
Confidence ..... 60 ' 65i Scorpion ....... '— 04
Con Cal & Va.2 35 2 40 Seg Belcher.... 02 03
Con Imperial.. 01. 02 Sierra Nevada. 33 84
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill...;.- 43 60
Eureka Con — ' 35 St Louis ; 06 —
Crown Point... 13 13 Standard 3 60 —
Exchequer ,'01 Syndicate 11 —
Gould & Curry. 62 53 Union Con 32 34
Hale & Norcrs. 20 22 Utah 05 08
Julia 01' 03 Yellow Jacket. 17 18
FRIDAY, Jan. 4—4 p. m.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Following were the sales .In the Paclflc Stock
Exchange yesterday:
• '¦ - V" • Morning Session.
800 Belcher ........ '11 200 Crown Point... 11
300 Best & Belcher ,27 200 Gould & Curry. 41 ¦
200 Best <fe Belcher 26 600 Mexican ....... 86
200 Best & Belcher 25 800 Mexican ....... 35
100 Caledonia ..... 54 700 Ophlr 71
100 Caledonia ..... 63 250 Ophlr 70
600 Chollar 16 200 Ophlr 69
160 C.C & Va....3 1O 2000 Savage "15
400 C C & Va....2 C"M 600 Sierra Nevada. 26
600 C C & Va....l 97ft 200 Union Con 23
60 O C & Va....l95 ¦
Afternoon Session.
eOOAlta-.. ........:: 06 300 Mexican ...'.... 43
lOOOAndes 08 700 Mexican 44
300 Best & Belcher 30 200 Ophlr 77
.200 Best & Belcher 31 • 250 Ophir 78
900 Best & Belcher 33 '200 Ophlr :... 79
1000 Bullion'..«;.... 7 03 80O Ophir .......:.. 81
. 100 C C & Va,'...2 15 150 Ophlr 80
300 C C & V8.....2 17% 600 Onhlr M
300 C C & Va....2 20 1000 Potosl W
200 C C & Va....2 25 600 Potosl 20
400 C C & Va.»..2 27V4 90O Savage 18
200 C,C & Va....2 37% 1000 Seg Belcher 02
200 C C & Va 2 40 500 Sierra Nevada. 30
1000 Con Imperial.. 01 300 Sierra Nevada. 32
800 Crown Point... 11 100 Silver Hill 43
200 Gould Sc Curry. 47 100 Silver Hill...,. 43
200 Justice 03 800 Union Con..... 80
100 Mexican ....... 37 350- Union Con..... 81
400 Mexican ....... 41 200 Union Con..... 33
600 Mexican 43 ,400 Union Con 84
600 Mexican ....... 44 300 Utah 04
600 Mexican ....... 42 ' . '"
Following: were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: .
. Mornlns Session.
600 Andes'.'. .Y 09 400 Ophlr 70'
100 Best & Belcher 29 100 Overman ...... 10
100 Caledonia ..... 65 300 Sierra Nevada. 29
100 Gould & Curry. 44 200 Silver Hill 49
600 Justice 03 200 St Louis 06
100 Mexican ....... 33
. . Afternoon Session.
1100 Best & Belcher 34 350 Ophir 76
100 Caledonia 62 600 Ophir 7» .
400 Chollar 18 200 Ophlr '77
100 Chollar ........ 19 200 Overman ....... 12
1100 Con Cal & Va.2 20 600 Potosl IS
600 Gould & Curry. 4S 1000 Savage 16
400 Justice 03 550 Sierra Nevada. SO
600 Mexican 40 100 Sierra Nevada. 31
200 Mexican 41 100 Union Coun
1100 Mexican 42 100 Union Con..... M
300 Ophlr 72 1000 Union Con 30
200 Ophir .'.:..:..... .73 100 Union Con 81
200 Ophir;. •.... 75 100 Union Con 83
Sterling O. & D. Co.. .......... 3 00 J 05
Sunset Original — 45
Twenty-eight — 147%
West Lake ................:. / 23 23
AVest Shore ". S 80 —
Yukon: .........;.... — 45
. MINING STOCKS. .
FRIDAY. Jan. 4-2:30 p.m.
CXOSING QUOTATIONS.
. Morning Session.
Board— .
300 California-Standard „ gf
500 California-Standard, b 30 """ ¦ ¦50
700 California-Standard "" %t
1C0 Caribou "" £
150 Caribou """" «
400 Four Oil Co. ............*" m
1000 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River • ¦' 40
500 Home OH ' ¦ ,
600 Home Oil '410
850 Junction :.... .""-"• ii
200 Kern Oil Co...... -. '" u 5X
300 Lion Oil Co ....."I! 19
200 Monarch of Arizona ..II 71 :
700 Monarch of Arizona.. ..'...........,.,. 70
200 Monarch of Arizona..,.. *" eg :
m Monte Crlsto ....;... ' a 15
60 Peerless '.. . a 25 ¦
250 Peerless :........ " « In
100 Peerless, b 30 « g-jii
2250 Petroleum Center ' 29
2200 Petroleum Center " ««
2000 Petroleum Center, b 90 :.; " 20
200 Queen Esther ; : " in
100 Reed Crude Oil Co.. " 71
1100 Reed Crude Oil Co ' 7 i
1000 Reed Crude Oil Co 7J
100 San Joaquin Oil & Development..... is 50
60 San Joaquin Oil & Development.. ¦ is 55
Street— ;
100 Reed Crude Oil Co n h
200 Lion OH Co.. ' so
1000 Four Oil Co..; .......A...... 69'
1300 Petroleum Center 29
Afternoon Session.
Board— •
l?00 California-Standard 37
COO Caribou ......; ss
500 Four Oil Co............................. 5^
50 Occidental of West Virginia 65
10OI1 City Petroleum .... 36 CO
100 Peerless 6 75 .
150 Peerless 6 87'4
J 00 Peerless 7 00
230 Peerless .;.....*,.... 7 25 *
4500 Petroleum Center bo
EOO Petroleum Center, b 60........ >o
4200 Petroleum Center 29
1CO0 Petroleum Center ...................... 28
1800 Reed Crude Oil Co.. ..........;...,.„" 74
1000 Reed Crude Oil Co, b 30............... 7*
inOO Reed Crude Oil Co. b 60...;......;.... 75
100 Sterling. O & D Co.:. ..."'.'.'.:.;:....;.. 8 10
100 Sterling O & D Co...........:.. j 00
1300 West Lake 23'
1200 West Lake . 23
100 Wolverine 1 45
Street— ' ¦ . ..'¦;"
600 California-Standard ...... .............. 87 '
PRODUCERS' OIL
Afternoon Session.
. Board— . , .
13000 Contra Costa Water Bonds in« ko
$13,000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds "10s Kft
.100 Paauhau S P Co...... II.!.'.. 81 25
20 Paelflo Gasa Improvement "*" 44 En
65 S F Gas & Electric Co ' A m
130 S F Gas & Electric Co A «
31 Spring 'Valley Water 03 «
6 Spring Valley Water '.'[ I3 3?^
Anglo-Cal Ltd 78 — First Nation!. 310 — '
Bank of Cal.. — 413 Lon P & A.... 143 —
Cal B D & T..104 — Merchants' Ex 16 —
SAVINGS BANKS. .
Ger S * L..1860 1900 fSav _ _ So . - —
HumS&L...- - Sec Sav Bk...275 -
S U Fit^ k ::^ = |Unlonjr Co... - -
, STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California ....129%— OS LA H... 40 —
Oeary-fit 45 — Presidio 18 11
Market-st .... 687. - .:, .
t ;" POWDER STOCKS.
California .... — 160 Vlgorlt 8 ZY.
Giant Con Co. 83% 83% . . ™
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 6% t% Kilauea S Co.. 20% 21
Haw C & S Co — 90 Makawell S Co 40% 41
Honokaa S Co. 31 31% Onomea S Co. 28 28«4
Hutch S P Co. 25% 25% Paauhau S Co 31% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
AI Pack Assn. — 124«4 Oceanic S Co.103' 103U
Cal Fruit Asn.103%104 Pac A FA 2 _
Cal Wine AssnlOO — Pac Bor Co.^163 154
Mer Ex Assn. 95 - Par Paint Co.! 12% _
Morning Session.
Board—
*SW>C*M°™l*8tntt Railroad Bonds... us 00
160 Equitable Gas ago
60 Hana Plantation Co, b 90 g 2a
60 Honokaa Sugar Company " »i «
6 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co.... *" 20 rtu
150 Market Street Railway ........ ii ««
S2000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds..'.. '"ins r*t_
70 S F Gas & Electric Co..:.......""." Si 00
50 S E Gas & Electric Co. s 90. " « Oft
22 SpFing Valley Water 93 03
50 Spring Valley Water 93 on
$500 United States 8s (coupon) ""no 60
Street—
800 S F Gaslight..... 4 M
Cent L & P Co — 4% Pao L Co 43U 45
Eqult G L Co ZM 3 Sac E G&R Co — 40
Mutual El Co. 8 10 8 F O & E.... 44% 44%
OGL&H.... - - San Francisco. - 4%
Pao Gas Imp. — — Stktn G & E. — 14
,.'... INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.228 , - ¦ • .• ¦
BANK- STOCKS.
Contra Costa. . 70 71V4 ( Spring Valley. 93U 93U
Marin County. 51% — J
GAS AXD ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Ed L & P 6s.. 131 135 Pao G Imp 4s. — 100
F & ClRy 68.114*4 — P & Cl Ry 6s.lOS —
3eary-st R 66. - — P 4 O R R «i, - —
H C & S 64s. — — Powell-st R 6s.ll8 —
Do 6s 103H — Sac B G&R 6s. — 100
L A Ry 6s....lll>4 — B P & SJV 5s.H9T4120 l ,i
L A Lt Co 6s. — — S R of Cal 6s. — 113
Do gntd 6s. — — S P R of A 6s.U0%lllU
L A gntd 6s.. — - SPCSi (1905,
L A P R R 6s. 100 — Series A ...10914 —
Market-st 6s.. 126 — Do (Series B)lioi_ —
Do 1st M-6s.l21%122% Do (1906) ....115, 112%
N C N O R 7a. — 112 Do (1912) ....120% —
N R of Cal 6s. — 114 S P R 1st g 6s.lO7 108^4
Do 5s 119 — 8 P B R C 6s.l31 —
N P C R R 6S.101 i-SV Water 6s.. 114UU6
Do 6s 106H - . Do 4s ........103% —
N Cal Ry 5s.. 110% — Do 3d mtge.,102 —
O G L & H 6s — 111V4 Stktn Gas 6s.. 101 V4 102%
Oak Tran 6s.. — —
WATER STOCKS. :.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 5, 1901.
13
_6.|M.|T. |W.|T. |F. | 8.
~IlIEllIl~E
• I T| r. s J » |U[U|U
U 14 | 15 | 16 | 17 I IS | 1»
©Full Moon,
' January 4.
Moon's Phase*.
SLast Quarter,
January !>¦
10 I a I 22 j 23 f'M | 25 | 26
— I— !-rl— I— !— I—
/» New Moon.
Vd? January 20.
tl I 28 I H I SO |St
-m First Quartor
1 J? . January 27.
_6.|M.|T. |W.|T. |F. | 8.
~IlIEllIl~E
• I T| r. s J » |U[U|U
U 14 | 15 | 16 | 17 I IS | 1»
©Full Moon,
' January 4.
Moon's Phase*.
SLast Quarter,
January !>¦
10 I a I 22 j 23 f'M | 25 | 26
— I— !-rl— I— !— I—
/» New Moon.
Vd? January 20.
tl I 28 I H I SO |St
-m First Quartor
1 J? . January 27.
Peter Rafferty, a native of Paterson, N.' X,
a^Pd 7S years.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to r attend the funeral- this day
• (Saturday), ¦ from the Chapel of the I Passion,
' attached to St. Mary's Hospital, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
r Interment . Holy Cross Cemetery, by < 10:40
o'clock train from Third - and .Townsend
• streets. ¦ .— \ ¦:.. ¦¦-.
SARSFIELD— In this city, January 2, 1901,
Mary, beloved wife of the late Michael Bars,
field, a native of Ireland, aged 78 years and
9 days. . , '- ¦ . .. \ ; . .; -
IC?" Friends 'and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew ¦ & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thonce . to ' Sacred Heart Church, . corner Fell
and Fillmore streets, where a requiem - high
mass will Be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, ' commencing: at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SIMPSON-In Alameda. January 8, 1901. Ellen,
3 beloved wife of William Simpson, and mother
of Obert F., M. W.. Theodore H., Edna, and
Howard Simpson, a native of Belfast, Ire-
land, aced 68 years. ...
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence,
1417 Ben ton street, Alameda. Interment
: Mountain View Cemetery. \ " ¦
STAU_>-In this city. January 8. 1901, Augusta
A. Staud, beloved mother of Fred. Frank and
J. _& Staud. Mrs. O. P. Theller and Mrs. W.
T. Arundell. and sister of Fredrick 'Traut. a
native of Germany, aped 52 years and 8 days.
£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 8587 Nineteenth street. . Interment I.
: O. O. P. Cemetery- , :¦ , .
STEINER— In this city, January 8, 1901, Paul
F. _„, dearly "beloved husband of Martha A.
: Steiner, a native of Marysvllle, Cal., ag*d
22 years 9 months and 18 days.
STREET— In this city, January 8. 1901; at her
residence, 223 i street, . Ethel, beloved
sister of George, and Mary Street, . & native of
London, England, aged 21- years and 6 months.
TOMPKINSON— In this city, I January 4, 1901,
Julia, beloved wife of James Tbmpkinson,
daughter of Barney F_rley, and sister of Mrs.
James Anthony, Mrs. D. Sexton and Sadie,
Barney and John Farley, a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years 9 months and 7 days.
WALKER— In this city. January 4, 1901. Fred,
beloved husband of Franclsca Walker, a na-
tive of Switzerland.
WATTS— In • this oity, January 4, 1201. Rob-
ert Watts, dearly beloved son of Everett and
Mary Watts, a native of Mountain View.
Santa Clara County, aged 4 years | and 4
months. * ¦ , •¦
ZAZZI— In this oity, January 4. 1801, Stephen
J., dearly beloved son of John C. and Katie
- Zazzl, brother of Elvira Zazzl, ( and srand-
son of Pietro and Teresa Zazzl and John De-
benedettl, a native of San Francisco, aged 6
years 4 months and 14 days. < ¦ ¦ ¦
E7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock,' from the
residence of his parents, 635 Greenwich street,
between Stockton and Dupont. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. .
RAILWAY TRAVEL ;
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F«rry. ;.
Commencing . September 30, ¦ 1900.' ¦'
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:65. *9:15. 11:00 a. m.. »1:4S,
»:15. 4:00. 6:15. •6:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p.- m.
8UNDAYS-»8:00, 'lCtfO, »ll:30 a. m.. •1:13.
S:15,!*4:45.:6:30, 9:00 p. m. -"<•
- Trains marked (•> run ¦ to San Quentln.
From san rafael. to san Francisco
WEEK DAYS—5:20. »6:30. Z:45. 9:30 a. m '
•1_:3CV1:45. "3:30. 4:30, 6:20 p. m. ~ t
EXTRA ' TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20, *8:00. *10:00, »11:45 a. m.
•1:40. '2:15. 4:45. «6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start trom ' San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:45/ 6:45, 7:55. 9:30 a. m"
12:25, 2:10.' 3:30. 4:54,^5:20 p. m.
EXTRA 'TRIPS on _ Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. •• . .
SUNDAYS— 8:05,, 10:05 a. m., 12:05. _:15, |:S0,
6:00, 6:45 .-p.? m.
, ¦:.;. TRAINa
6:E5 a. m. week days— Caradero aad way
stations. •.:..- - 1 ¦-. . ¦ v
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations. •' r- ' " '."..¦ '¦'¦-,
8:00 a. m. , Sundays— Tomales . and way
stations. .-.-"-:.%....»:. . '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS; RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via" Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS. ...9:15 a. ra.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS S:0O, 10:00. 11:10 and 1:15 p. m.
> Fare, San Francisco to Summit and Return,
1140.: - ;-. ; ,. ..,-¦,: v. ¦-,... .:: . -.,-. ¦ . . .„
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket of flees, r 621 Market st. . % Sau sal Ito Ferry.
y^|^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jL,«J|lG29 KEARNYST. Established
HT*? ji tMB'" is3 * for the treatment of I'rlvate
sn jV jBy Dlsfases. I^wt Manhood. 1 I)*hllity or
BaB_ma_^__i'1ispa«'» wpiiiiujroii liodynml mind and
Jfl IB^kii) Diseases. Tlie Doctorcures when .
¦|othprs fall. Try him. Charges low.'
i^ffiHQ_|f'urf « tensrnntrrd. Call or write.
l>r. J. JF. «IBBU>, Ban Fraucisco, CaU
NOCTIir.lt!* PACiriV CO3IFAXT.
(rAcma ststcm.)
Ti-slas Icsrs nml nrs d«« to nrrlv* mt
MAN FllAN«:iM<:o.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
liaTB — . From: Jascabt 1, 1901. — _R_t»s
?>3O_ Benici-, Suisun, Elmir-. VacaTlUe,
Ramsey and Sacramento 7il3r
7:3Oa D-tU, Woodland. Knights L-ndln j,
M»rj»fllle, OrotlllB.. 7:13p
7)80* Atlantis Kipress— Ogden ana East 12:13r
8:00 a Martinez, .Sau lUniou,ValleJo.Nspa,
- ' •• CalUtosa and .S-uta Rosa flslSr
8:OOa >"iles, Lifermore. Txiey, L-throp,
8tockton 7il3p
¦:3Oa Shasta Expreu-EHTis, Willl_ms (for
Bartlett Sprlogs), Willows, Bed
Bluff, Portland... '. 7«43p
¦ iSOa Ban Jon, Llfermore, Stockton,
. lone, Hacraineuto, Placerrllle,
. MarrsTllle, Chleo, lleil Hlnit 4il*r
¦i3Oa O_kd_le, Chinese, Honora. Carters... 4s!3r
9:OOa Hay wards, Miles sod Way Station!. 1 1 1 154
UiOOaLos Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Lathrop, Htookton, Msreed
Freauo and Los A-geles 7il3r
9:»0a Vallrjo. Martinez ami Way Stations Di4!>r
I OiOUa The Orerlaud Limited— Ogdeo, Den*
Ter, Omaha, Chicago «:43r
' 11:OOa Ktles, Stockton, .Sacramento, Men-
dot-, Fresno, Hauford, VUalla.
Forutrrllle •.... 4il»r
- IIiOOa LiTermore, 8aog«r. Qoehen Jono-
Uon. BakerifleM, Los Angeles ' "*
I 1 sOOp Sacramento Klfec Steamer* {SiOOa
* 3:OOr Haywaxds, Nlles and Way Station*. Szlftr
4i»ur Martiuez. Hau lUinou. Va'.lejo,
Napa, CallntoKa. Hauta. Ho*- HiISa
4i00r Benicla, Winters, Hacramento,
Woodland. Knights Landing,
MarynTllle. Oroflllo l«:4_a
4 i»»p Haywards, Mleaand Ban .lose t* ! 4»A
S:OOr Nlles. LiTermora, Stockton. Lodl ... 10:43a
«3:00r So-set limited. El Pmo, Xev
Orleans and East. «10i13a
5:00pThe Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresno.
Bakersneld. 8_mus for SanU Bat-
bar-. Los Auaeles IO1I8A
BiOOf New Orleanf Expros-Hakenlleld.
bant* lUrbara. Jkjb Angeles. Dem*
Ing. El Paso, Now Orleaus aud
East 7i4»a
0:OOp Haywards, Niles and Hao Joss 7:4.1a
tttiOOp Vallejo lli4S4
UtOUr Oriental Mall-Ogilen. Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago ". \»ilar
6:00r Oriental Mail— Ogden, DenTer,
Omaha, Chicago 4il3p
7i00r Oregon snd California Uiprew.Hao.
mm mi tn, Marys* II le, lle<l<llng,
' l'urtlunif. Puget Hound and Kast Sl43l
Si«-1pSan Pablo, Port Costa, Marlines ",•;,-•
and Way StaUons 11>43a
18iO3p Vallfjo 7i45f
COAST 1UVISIOX (burrow iiange).
(Foot ot Market Street.) I
SiISa Newark.CenterTille.San.Joae.FcltO-,
BoulderCreek.SauUOruiandWsj
HUtlons •'«»»
. fa»I5p Newark, CeiitetTllle. San Joi«, New
AlmadeD, Felton, Itoiilder Creek,
. Sauta Cruz and Principal Way
8utio»s.. fio.aoA
4:l3p Newark, Hau Jose, Los Gatos 8i»0a
a0:3Op Hunters' Exeurslon, Bsn Jose »nd
" Way Stations !?«»•>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fro-SlH ratS01SG0-rHt «r Mirml 8tnii(S:ii8)~
17:15 9:00 11:00a. «. 1:03 3:33 8:53 rw.
rrsmOUUH— rsststBrsiiwsj.— 1«:00 tM:OO tSKW
10;OOt.M. 12:00 2:03 «:03 B:»r.-. •,
COAST IHTISIOX (IJroul Gauge).
¦ (Third Mid Tovrngeml Sts.)
10:IO\ Ocean Viaw. South Man Fiaudscu.. t«*»«*«»r
7iOOa 8au Joae and Way SUtluns (New .
Alinadeu Wednendayiouly) lilOp
UiOOa Hau Joie. Tres l'inos, HauU Cms, < I
Paeilie (irots. Paio ltobles. San
Luis Ohlsim, Surf, Lompoo and
Prindiial Way SUtlona 4ilop
I«:IO» Baa Jose and Way (Stations «>39a
II<»Oa Hau .losu ami Way Statioi 8i_t»r
f4i4Sp Sau Mateo, Itedwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Sau .lose.
Tres Pinos. Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey aud PaclBe GroTe flO:»«l\
t a: an p San Jose and Way Stations 7i3Op
tl:15r San Jn«f ami Principal Way Statloui »)43a
t5:00rSan Jose, Los G-tos snd Principal
Way Stations *9:O»*
SiSOp SanJose and Principal Way Statiooa »i:»5a
tfs:tOpSan Jose and Way Stations t»'«>«»A
«ll;4apSaii Jose and Way SUtlous «iSOp
A ior Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday eicepted. t auuday only.
t Mondays, Wednesdays, Friday*.
e Tuesdays, Thursdays, Sundajs. -
o Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to* San Rafael.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35, S:S>.
5:10. 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50 and
, 11:30 D. m.
SUNDAYS-3:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:30. 6:00,
6:20 p. m. __
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:60. 9:50, 11:10 a, m.; 12M5.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 8:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Bchaetzen Park.
same schedule as above.
Leave • I In Effect | Arrive
San Francisco. | Nov. 7. 1900. 1 San Francisco.
~Week 1 Sun- I I Sun- I "W«*k
Days, f days. - 1 Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am| 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 8:06 pmllO:23 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm] 6:23 pm
- , ¦ Fulton. I
i 7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
, . . Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale.. 7:38pm 6:23pm
7:30 ami I Hopland I I
| 8:00 am[ and UXlah. | 7:85 pm| t:22 pm
7:30am J *-l " 15:25am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm t 6:22 pro
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 1:15 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm (:23 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am]10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm) Sebastopol. f 7:35 pm| 6:22. pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
SprinKS and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria;at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for SkagRs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Sprlnjrs, KelsevvlIIe. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, "Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley*s, Bucknell's
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr"s Hot Springs
Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal'
Willetts. Laytonvllle, Cummings. Bell's Springs'
Harris, Olsens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ,
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all point-
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlce, 630 Market st.. Chronicle build.
Ing.- - ¦¦-¦ R. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt. %
.; ; .Gen. Manager. -
- OCEAN TRAVEL.
PANAMAl7R7s r
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Fare— Cabin. S75; Steerage, $40
- S. S. ROANOKE sails January 8, '
: S; S. ST. PAUL sails January 29,
From -wharf, foot of Fremont -s_.- at' I n, m.
Freight and passenger offlce. 330 Market it.
. ¦ . v y.F.-F. CONNOR, Paclflc Co-s"Agent
compaonie )jenerale trarsatlantiqixe l
DIRECT LINE' TO HAVRE- PARI3. -_»,__."
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of &WWft%
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42 S^g^J
North River, foot of Morton. street. Flrsf class
to Havre. $35 ' and upward. • Second ' class to
Havre, US and upward. GENERAL AOENCT
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA M
Broadway Uludson building).. New York. J
F.FUOAZI & CO.. PaoiHc Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue.' San Franclsca Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. •
I_RODERIc"_Tls-Two~_r7hre« neauTTuj^
r.'.shed rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
PEVISADERO. lSUH— 1 or 4 handsomely fur-
nished tunny ran, for housekeeping, til or 115.
FOLSOM. £34-Large sunny bay-window room
and klicr.f n ; modern conveniences; $3 week.
MINNA. 2S— Nice eunay furnished front house-
keeplng and single rooms; 75c and 11 week.
MINNA. 646— Furnished rooms, compleu for
housekeeping; large ytrd.
MISSION. ll_Si»— Front suite complete for
housekeeping, and other rooms; reasonable.
OTARRELU 742— Nicely furnished sunny par-
lors; pas, bath and phone; light bousekeep-
lr.g; other rooms.
POLK. t_2— Unfurnished and furnished rooms
•for housckeep Ing.
EECOND. 212— Newly furnished; reasonablt and
respectable; very convenient and quiet.
, A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
-•ubscriptlon* ha_ been established at 1096
agenda rt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch oifice. 2T00 Flllraore st.
KOOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Infnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. £21 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel la city; polite attend-
trice; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 60c .up: first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK House. US Elxtb— Rooms 25o
to tl per night; 11 _S to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all sight.
BURNETT. 3426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fttr-
El*hed rrns., suites:, rlncle; also "bnfurnlshed.
lil'SH. r_0 <The Elk)— Nicely furnished eunny
rmf; day. lie up: wk.. tl 60 up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
ELLIS. 60S. corner Larkfn— Bay-window alcove.
- mantel, kitchen, pas ttove; eingle cr en suite.
GEARY. 405<The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rmscTultes or single; travelers accommodated.
GOTTEN Gate eve.,"C22— 1 single sunny front
room; clean and comfortable.
jrC&JLKt) 5SOCT1IERN. toutheast corner Beventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
tinfrle; ladies' parlor; reading-room ; elevator.
LAS PALM AS. 1ES0 Market et.— Suite or I or 3
rray; private; bath; sin. rms; board optional.
LEWIS place. 18— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let; single or en eulte. j
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. J2 a week up; 33c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
eievator; electric llphts; day. wk., mo.
PO«T, f«3— A bay.wlnflow alcove furnished
room; runr.'rur water.'
BOS-_DAI_B House. |_M3I Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. T5c to II; week, fl 25 to J4; open night.
ROTAL House. 126 Elii? ft— Incandescent light;
reading-room, srnokinp-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms. r«r r.irht. S5c to %1 50; week. $2 to
J": month. 18 to $30; elerator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
FHEnMAJC Apartment House, 23 Eighth St.,
mar Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
61TTER. STC -4— Changed hands; newly reno-
v»tc-d: single rooms. ?S; suites. t12 to $23 mo.
PI*TTEn. 717. nr. Taylor— Sunny, choice: $11;
appreciated if seen; baths; please Investigate.
TT'RK. 12S— Furnished room suitable for gen-
- tlemar.. ?5 i*er month.
VALENCIA. :rs— Sunny furnished front bay-
¦a-lndo-.- room; suitable for 2; apply tipper flat.
A BRANCH rffice for Call advertisements and
rubscrlrUons has been established at 1096
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
A^_ l be c!d Etever.son mansion, opp. Graoe
c~v_reh, with annex £C7 California st., may
oe found a rnc« exceptionally good table, at-
¦ and siy ht!y roorne at modest rates.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
T ?.P' G-1!!M Juet Stocfcarsed from army would
- iiKe room and board; home comforts* will
pay in advance. Bo_ »S7. Call offics.
Special jtotices^ ~
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kio
E20 Lake «.. Ban Francisco. Cal ,
r.as received the following orphans, one-half
orshan and abandoned girls from Oct. 1.
1900. to Jan. l, i»oi: EUxabeth M. Godwin, J
years 4 month*: Mabel Godwin. 7 yearV «
¦ J?°5ths: Grace E Godwin, t years; Hildreth
. Oark. 13 years: Lillian E. Wood. 11 years I
months; Ethel Wood. • years 7 months- Lau-
¦ I? Schul ". * rears S months; Myrtle Medlen.
11 years 2 months; Hazel W. West, ( years-
/er_e.?r.e E. BJyth, f rears I months; Edith
M Clothier. 13 years 7 months; Ruth
« tnthier. 3 years 6 raoatha.
6A.V FTIANCISOO. Dec »L l»00— The secretary
«l the San Fra_e!sco Protestant Orphan A«v-
lum Society, situated oa Haight street, herebv
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have b-en received
et the institution from July 3L 1900 to Janu-
ary L 1301: Julia Reese. 14 yrs. 4 mcs.; Annie
Han:ke, i yr*. Jl me*.; Mary W. Peterson 11
yrs. f mos.: Mary P. Beott. 7 yrs. S mos •
Mary E. Curamings. 4 yrs. 4 moa.; Hilda Olsen
:2 yra. 13 mot.: Annie E. Zwaal. 6 yrs. 4 a<n '-
Herman H&rsike. S yrs. 8 mos. : Willie Ran-
kin, 14 yrs. 9 mos.; Charles A. Peterson, 9
yrs. t mes.; Hugh Cavanaugh. 7 yrs. 7 mos ;
Clarence Cavanauph. 6 yrs. ; William J. Scott.
t yre. 2 mos.; Edward Cummlngs. a vrs 2
rnes.: Charles J. Zwaal. E yrs. 1 mo.; Harold
F. EIMot. 7 yrs.; Jchn H. Hansen. 8 yrs 2
rnos.: Richard J. Nlcholdson, 7 yrs. i mos
ar.d Stewart H. Pilot. 6 yre. 6 raos.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<:5 Montrcrgfry rt.. rooms 8-10: teL S5S0.
SEWING MACniXES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds boupht. «old and repairing g-uaran-
tee3. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 16th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
pa'-.-ed; open even.; phone Black 11-4. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, -old rented, repaired; needles and
rhuttlCT: reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 6.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
TIII.SON RROS.. etora^e and mortnr; covered
vans. Tenth end Market; phone Sooth 762.
EEKircS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission et.-
T<-1, Ma.S:i IMP; chirping at cut rates.
SLOT MACUI.NES.
ELOT machines— Latest style; W each. 1167
Market st.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ASSESSMENT AOTICES.
A? F EESUENT Nctire-Honolulu Plantation
Corn; ir ,y. lotion of principal place of busi-
ness, .-an Francisco. Cal.— Notice Is hereby
fiver, tfearat a rr.eetlr.j: of the board of di-
rectors, held on the 17th day of December
r^ri^HT^l/ 0 - 3 " Of One (tl > do11 "
r ? .1 as !evled u^ n capital stock
cf the corporation, payable Immediately in
< Et \ le » « old coln - to e*cretarf at
Acy stock upon which this assessment shall
19CL will be -eUaqoect and advertised for
«_e at public auction, and unless payment ll
rr.ade before, will be scld on TuesdaV th«
Utta dsy cf February. 1901. to pay ?he Z-
¦ linQuer-t assessment, together with the cott
of a_vertlEir.g _n_ expenses of »ale.
Secretary cf Honolulu Plantation Com*n-.n-
Orfice located at Z27 Market ttreet Ea-i
Francisco. Cal. .
ASSESSMENT Xotlce— Honolulu Eugar Com
pany. locstlon of principal place of busineU"
Kan Francisco. Cal.— Notice la hereby jrlven
- . that at a meetin* of the board of directcr*
held on the 17th day of December, isoo «r
• assessment. No. 11. of nine («) dollars' per
ehare was levied upon the capital stock of the
.corporation. r«y_ble Immediately In TTnlted '•
6tates fnlri coin, to the secretary, at the of- !
. flee cf the company. 327 Market street. Ean I
Krar.c'.rco. Cal.
Any etock upon which th's awsEinent shall
remain urpaid on the S%h day of January
1901. will be delinquent and advertised for
*ale at rublic auction, and unless payment
1* made before win l>e »oid on Tuesday, the
is>th day of Fetruary. 1901, to pay the de-
linquent aepesfiaent, together with the cost
cf advertising and expenses of sale.
E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary of Honolulu Sug-ar Company.
Offlce located at 227 Market street. Ban
Francisco. Cal.
PROPOSALS. ~
BAN F-RAKCISCO, Cal.. January i, im.—
¦ Bealed proposals, In triplicate, will be re-
- celved here until 11 o'clock. *. tn., January
22. 1201. and then opened, for construction of
Hospital Steward's Quarters at Fort McDow-
ell. Cal. - Government reserves right to reject
or accept any or all bids In whole or In part.
Preference given to articles of domestlo pro-
duction, conditions of price and quality (in-
cluding in the price of foreign productions the
' duty thereoc) being equal, and such prefer-
nt«' (riven to articles of American production
produced on the Pariflc Coast, to extent of con-
sumption required by the public .service there.
Information furnished on application to j'
M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster Genl
. *>ral. Chief Q_ M.
PnorosALS for Subsistence Supplies— Offlce of
Pt'mh-Flnir <Virnmi«>sary, San Francisco, Cal.
January 4, 1901. Sealed proposals for furnlth-
5nB and delivering of such quantities Of subsis-
tence Mipplie*. delivered at- puch wharf or
wharve* «-,»¦ nu^h — .-arehoupes in San Francisco,
Cal., :-.' x*t circular to be «e«n at th!« office
will be received here until 11 o'clock a. m.,
Tuesday. January 15. 1901. and opened im-
mediately, thereafter in prrnence of bidders.
Fpeclflratlonn, reneral instructions to bidders
and blnnk fnrm of proposal will be furnished
<o eittahiiphed heater* on application to W. H.
BALDWIN. Major and C S.. U. S. Army
Purchaelr.g Comj-lssary.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTr^EWRITERSr^W»
sell better machines for less money ?>i«n any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 638 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Writ* fcr prices to L. AM. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st. • ' •.;,-.-
' DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-California Safe beposlt
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts.— For the elx months ending
December 31. 1900. dividends have been de-
clared on deposits In the savings department
cf this company as follows: On term de-
pesits at the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per an-
num, and on ordinary deposits at ths-rate of
3 per cent per annum, free of taxes,, and pay-
able en and after Wednesday. January 2.
1901. . Dividends uncalled for are added to the
principal and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal from and after January L
190t J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Cora-
Pany. Con. A dividend. No. 25. of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the Issued capital
Btock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, 430 Califor-
nia street. Ban Francisco, on January 10, 1901.
Transfer bocks close January 8. 1901. at noon.
. A. A. BPARKS.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion. 222 Eansome St., has for the year end-
Ing December 31, 1900. declared a dividend ot
8 per cent per annuia on ordinary dei/oslts
and 6 per cent on term deposits. - -
WM. CORBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Security Savings 'Bank, 231
Montgomery st.. Mills bulldlnc — For the half-
year ending December 81, 1900, dividends on
term deposits at the rate of three and six-
tenths (3 6-10) per cent per annum, and on or-
dinary deposits at the rate of three (3) per
cent per annum, free of taxes, will be pay-
able on and after January 2, 1901. ;
S. L. ABBOT' JR.. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco. 33 Pest St.— For the half year
ending December 31. 1SO0. a dividend has been
declared at the rate cf three (3) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Wednesday, January 2, 1S01.
GEORGE A/STORY. Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society. 18 I
Geary st.— The directors have declared a divi-
dend of l\ per cent per. annum on Its de-
posits, payable en and after January 2, 1801.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
MATtBIAQE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses wers Issued
yesterday:
John Roee, 80, 1401 Fourteenth avenue, Eouth
San Francisco, and Catherine E> Fitzpatrick,
26. 107 Diamond street.
Thomas H. Murray. 35. 713 Folsom street, and
Lizzie Colleran, 35, 219 San Carlos avenue.
Jean B. Bouchet. 25, 415 Shotwell street, and
Rosle Lacoste, 2L San Bruno road and Twenty-
ninth avenue.
Henry G. Sehug, 27, 19 Rausch street, and
Jennie Naloskoska, IS, 1836 Minna street.
Stanislaus D. Hare, 23, 153 Tenth street, and
Moll* Brennen. 22. 211 Ninth street.
John SJevers. 36. S62 Mission street, and
Emma Burket, 8L BaiuRalael.
Solomon Berenbaurr^tS, 327 Third street, and
Rose Weintrop. 65. 413 Clementina street.
Dave Franks. 28. 116 Russ street, and Sarah
Leblinr, IS. 735B Ellis street.
Albert Cohen, 45, city, and Mary Wall, 86,
city.
William H. Welch. 37. 601 Geary street, and
Cslista O. Getty, 25, 1922 Butter street.
Jean A. Nougue, 23. B58 Sixth street, and
Gabrlelle Tourrucou, 21, 260 Clementina Btreet.
Hermann M. C. Dinslage. 25. 523 Grove street,
and Anna M. Goessel. 22. 123 Grove street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not b* Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the time published.
BORN.
SHEAN— In this city, December 19, 1900. to the
wife of William H. Shean. a son.
TVTARTIIED. ~~
BEECHELB-ROESLER— In this city. January
2. 190L by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. Philipp
Beechele and Friederika Roesler.
CHALVPECKY— NEW— In this city, January
2, 1901, Charles Chalupecky and Ella New.
GREEN— BIALOGLOWSKI— In Oakland. Janu-
ary 1. 190L by the Rev. M. Frledlander. Dr.
J. S. Green of Alaxneda and Gertrure Btalo-
ClowEkl of Oakland.
HARVEY— GREGORY— In this city, January L
lf'.l, at the Howard-street Methodist Episco-
pal Church, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wil-
son. John Albert Harvey of Ukiah, Cal.. and
Annie Edith Gregory of Ashland. Or.
_____
Atkins. Lillian A. Krumbeck. Minna
Brunner, Jacob A. Legasse, Annie
Caen. Mrs. Flora Lovett. George H.
Connolly. Ann Lynch. John
Corcoran. John McLaughlin, Mary E.
Dahl. George J. McLaughlin. Patrick
Davis, Hanna -• Marinl. DomlUlla
Delury Elizabeth Meeks. J. F.
Donovan. Eugene • Megladdery, Francis
Dorgeloh. Carl B. Mugge. John
Famariss. Fanny O'Malley. Ann
Fischer. Gottlobe Palmer*. Thomas V.
Hanna. Thomas Peterson. Mary A.
Harde. William I* Rafferty. Peter
Hare. Joseph T. Sarsfleld, Mary
Harrington, Kather- Simpson. Ellen
lne E. Btaud. Augusta A.
Hauser. Leo Steiner. Paul F. S.
Hoelscher, Fanny Street. Ethel
Kelly. Jane Tompklnson, Julia
Kenney, Susie Van A. Walker, Fred
Kllllnger. John A. Watts. Robert
Knlef, Elisabeth Zazzi. Stephen J.
ATKINS— In Alameda, January 3. 1901, Lillian
Anna, beloved daughter of Charles and Eliza-
beth Atkins, vid granddaughter of Mrs. Mar-
garet Harkins, a native of San Francisco,
aged 16 years 6 months and 1 day.
C_~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:S0 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 219 Pacific avenue. Alameda,
thence by 12 o'clock creek boat. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery, San Francisco.
BRUKXBB- In this city, January 4, 1901,
Jacob A. Brunner, beloved father of A. L-,
Henry, Clara, Johanna and Helen Brunner
and Mrs. Lee Jacobs, a native of Austria,
aged &0 years and 7 months.
IT_rFTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:43 o'clock, from the family
residence. 1915 Pierce street. Interment Home
of .Peace Cemetery, by train leaving Third and
Towr.send streets at 11:30 o'clock.
CAEN— In this city. January 4. 1901, at 6 a-fai.,
Mrs. Flora Caen, widow of the late Jacob
Caen, mother of Joseph, David, Julius, Mar-
tha and the late Morris Cae_, sister of the
laxe Helman and Simon, Scxnurl. Solomon,
Isldor and Benhart Isaacs, and aunt of Ida
and Jce Isaacs, a native of Kurnick, Ger-
many, aged 41 years and 11 months.
? c_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 647 Lombard street. Members of Au-
rora Lodge No. 202. K. and L. of H.. and the
Flr*t Ladi?s" Hebrew Benevolent Association
will pleaso take notice to attend. Interment
New Salem Cemetery.
CONNOLLY— In this city. January 3, 1901, Ann.
beloved wife of Thomas Connolly, and mother
of Thomas F. Connolly Jr.. a native of Long-
ford. Ireland, aged E8 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Nees avenue, thence
to Holy Cross Church, Eddy street, for ser-
vices. Interment Mount Calvary. Cemetery.
CORCORAN— In the City and County Hospital.
January 4. 1&0L John Corcoran. • .
DAHL— In this city. January 4, 1901, George J.,
beloved husband of Martha S. Dahl, a native
of Germany, aged SO years 11 months and 4
days. * ,
DAVIS— In this city, January 3, 1901, Hanna
Davis, beloved wife of George Davis, and
cousin of James, Mary and Ella Galvln, a
native of Ireland, aged 23 years and 2 months.
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
i 'Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the funeral par-
| lors of Charles H. Jacob &. Co.. 318 Mason
etreet, between O'Farrell and Geary. Inter-
irif-r.t Holy Ones Cemetery, by carriage.
DELLUY-In this city, January 4. 1501, Eliza-
beth, dr-arly beloved wife of George Delury,
and mother of James, George, William, Jere-
miah, I>aniel. Mary, Katie and Thomas De-
lury, Mrs. j. r. Chambers and the late John
M. Delury, a native of Tralee, County Kerry.
Ireland, aged 66 yean 2 months and 2 days.
ir7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
DONOVAN— In this city. January 8, 1901. at
St. Mary's Hospital. Eugene, beloved husband
SJ th *-.. Ia h* Hanora Donovan, and father of
Mrs. William OXonnell, Mrs. Maggie NelH
and Mrs. Thomas Tannian. a native of
County Cork. Ireland, aged 70 years -
(ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
etreet. thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
requiem hifh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 8 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DORGELOH-In this city, January 4, 1901. Carl
E., dearly beloved son of Martha and the late
Claus Dorgeloh. and loving brother of Mrs'
J. H. Brown and Mathilda and Frederick
Dorgeloh, a native of San Francisco, aced 16
years « months and 11 days.
tv Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully tnvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother, 1304 Page street, near Lyon. In-
terment I O. O. F. Cemetery.
FAMARISS — In this city, - January 3 1901 =»
Et. Luke's Hospital, Fanny, beloved wife of
Alfred Famarlss, and mother of George Hat-
tie and Richard FamartsB and Mrs. George
¦ Wegener. a resident of Livermore. aged £0
years and 25 daj'fl.
C_~Friends of the family are invited to at-
tend the funeral services this . day . (Satur-
HENRY:. J. GALLAGHER. CO~
(Successor <o FJannagan"'& * Gallagher.)
DANIFL ¦ P> DONOVAN. MKr.
FUNERAL DIRECTOKSAND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth ex., opposite Lincoln School.
T<J '.£flon« South SJ. .
day), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray
&. Co., 641 Sacramento street. Interment pri-
vate.
FISCHKR— In this city. January 3, 1901, Gott-
lobe. beloved husband of Marearet Fischer,
and father of Henry A.. Edward E. and
Adolph J. Fischer. Mrs. k. Moore and - the
late Mrs. P. L. Leeper of Angels Camp, a
.native of Bavaria, Germany, axed 63 years 1
month and 26 days.
Ipr Friends and acquaintances are respect-^
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking: Com-
pany. 2425 Mission street, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
HANNA-Ia the City and" County Hospital.
January 4, 190L Thomas Hanna, a native of
Illinois, a red IS years. ¦
HARDE— In this city, January 2. 1901. William
1*. beloved son of Metta Harde. and brother
.of Bernhard Harde, Mrs. J. Howe, Mrs. N.
Bullerdleck and Mrs. J. D. Slemers, a native
or Oldenburg-, Germany, aged 41 years 9
months and 4 days.
C7ITriends and acquaintances are rcspect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street. b«-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
£3t"hth and Harrison streets.
HARJQ-In this city, January 4, 1901. Joseph T.
Hare, a native of Ohio, aged Tl years and 26
days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the , Masonic
Hall, South San Francisco, under the auspices
of South San Francisco Lodge No. 212, F. and
A. M.
HARRINGTON— In this city, January 8, 1901.
at her residence, 243 Eleventh street. Kath-
• erlne D. Harrington, dearly beloved daugh-
¦ ter of Peter J. and the late Nancy Harring-
ton, and dster of Margaret and Charles J.
Harrington, Mrs. A. G. Beaslll and John P.,
Frank F.. Andrew J. and Robert L. Harring-
ton, a native of Uvermo-re, ¦ Cal.. aged 24
years 2 months and 2 days.
B7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral at Llvar-
more. from St.- Michael's Church, upon arrival
of 8:30 o'clock train this day (Saturday),
from San Francisco. Interment at Llvermore.
HAUSBRr— In this city, January 4, 1901, Leo,
dearly beloved and only - son of Chris and
Sophie Hauser. and brother of Frieda Hau-
eer, a native of Ban Francisco, aced 2 years
and 27 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 635B Minna street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
HOELECHER-In this city. January 4, 190L
Fanny, dearly beloved wife of Frank Hoel-
scher, and sister of Mrs. J. H. Read and Wil-
liam, Joseph and Michael Golden, a native of
Qulncy, Mass., aged 38 years ahd 12 days.
C7 Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Notice of funeral hereafter.
KELLY— In this city, January 2, 1801, Jane,
beloved sister of the late Patrick Kelly, a
native of County Armagh, Ireland, aged 67
years. >
C7Relatlves and friends are respectfully In-
vited to attend the funeral this day (Sat-
urday), at 9 o'clock, from her late residence,
410 Franklin street, thence to St. Ignatius
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencinc at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
-Cross Cemetery. «^
KENNEY— In this city, January 4. 1301, Susie
Van Arsdale Kenney, beloved wife of John
J. Kenney, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. G. W.
Albertl, and sister of F. J.. L. B., M. V., G.
F. and Ida Albertl. a native of Yuba City,
aged 23 years 8 months and 21 days.
(ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Ss Eleventh street. Interment private.
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KILLINGER— In this city, January S, 1301, at
his residence. 232 Thirteenth street, between
Mission and Howard, John A. Kllllnger,
dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth Klllln-
ger, and beloved father of Louisa and Lldia
Killlnger, a native of Wurtemberg. Germany,
aged 71 years 8 months and 8 days.
inyprlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 232 Thirteenth street, between How-
ard and Mission. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, by electric car from Fourteenth
and Mission streets at 2 o'clock.
KNIEF— In this- city, January 3, 190L EUxa-
beth Knlef. beloved mother of Mrs. Marie
Ehlers and Wiechen, Henry and George E.
Knlef, a native of Loeste. Hanover, Ger-
many, aged S3 years 8 months and 9 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her son, George E. Knlef. 3100 Bu-
chanan street, corner of Filbert. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
KRUMBECK— In this city, January 3, 1901.
Minna, dearly beloved wife of C. Krumbeck,
a native of Germany, aged 61 years.
(r^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1709 Eddy etreet, between Pierce and
Hyde. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
electric funeral car from Eighteenth an.l
Guerrero streets.
LEGASSE— In this city, January 4, 1901, Annie,
beloved mother of William P. and Josephine
Legasse, a native of County Meath, Ireland,
ased 65 years. .. . •.«¦¦ .;':. ¦¦'*.* ¦¦
(n^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
January 7, at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 12 Adam street, off Army, thence to
St. Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
hirti mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
. Holy Cross Cemetery.
LOVETT— In this city, January 2, 190L George
Herbert, beloved son of Charles E. and Ma-
reilla J. Lovett, and brother of Edward T..
Leonard L,. and Charles E. Lovett and Myrtle
L. Cleaves, a native of California, aged 23
years 11 months and 26 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully "Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first,
interment Masonic Cemetery.
LYNCH— In the City and County Hospital.
January 3, 1901, John Lynch, a native of
Georgia, aced 57 years.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city. January 8, 1901,
Mary B., beloved, daughter of Michael and
Mary McLaughlin, and Bister of John, Ed-
ward, Nlel and Michael McLaughlln and the
late Mrs. Rose McEleaney. a native of San
Francisco, aged 17 years . 11 months and 23
days.
E7"Friends an( j acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her parents'
residence. 1 Boyd street, oft Chesley, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
bouI at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
: Cemetery.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, January 2. 1901,
Patrick J.. dearly beloved son of Hugh and
Eliza McLaughlin, and brother of Hugh, John
and Mae McLaughlin, a native of Newery,
County Down, Ireland, aged 85 years 7 months
and 8 days. ,
ICTFViends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 850 Church street, corner Twenty-
first, thence to St. James Church, corner of
Guerrero and Twenty-third streets, where a
requiem h!ith mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARINI-In this city/ January 2. 1901. Doml-
tilla, dearly beloved wife of Nicola Marin i,
and beloved mother of Frank, Maggie, Louisa,
' Annie, Rosle. Jennie, Mamie and the late
Michael L. Marinl, a native of Italy, aged 65
years.
CjTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at. 10:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1703 Mason street, thence to Sts.
Peter and Paul's Italian Church, Filbert and
Dupont streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
eoul. commencing at 11 o'clock, thence from
the church at 1 o'clock to the vault in Mount
• Olivet Cemetery.- 1
MEEKS— In St. Helena, January 3, 190L J. F.,
beloved' husband of Lizzie Meeks.
CTTTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post, under the auspices
of Modoc Tribe No. 67, Impd. O. R, m. In-
. terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MEG LADDER Y— In New York City, January
- '1. 1901, Franoifs J. Megladdery. beloved son of
. Mary Megladdery. and brother of James L.
and Mark L. Megladdery nnd Mra. W. R.
FcroeB*. a native of Portadown, County Ar-
;magh, .Ireland, aged 31 years.
MUGGE— In this city. January 4. 1901, John,
beloved - husband of Mary A. Mugge, and
father of Mrs. D. Denartlni and Mary, Roeie,
Henry, Amelia and Annie Mugrge, a native of
Germany, aged 45 years. v.v
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Bundsy), at 12:30 o'clock, from St. Patrick's
Church, Mission street, between Third and
Fourth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
* Remains at the parlors of Halsted & Co.. 946
Mission street. ¦ .
CMALLETY— In this city, January 3, 1901, Ann,
beloved wife of Charles O'Malley, a native of
the parish of Six-Mile Bridge, County Clare,
Ireland, aged 70 years. (Boston papere please
copy.) •^¦MMswmMnbVB^MiRfnHngBH
fCT Friends and acquaintances are, respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:80 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 129 Fair Oaks street, thenoe to St.
Jamea Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. , Interment Holy
-Cross Cemetery-.
PALMERE — In this city. January ,' 3, 1901,
Thomas F., beloved husband of Emma Pal-
mere, and father of Mrs. B.*H. Ames, a na-:
¦ tlve of. New York, aged'66 years 3 months and
11 days.. . '.. • -¦ ,-r' . ¦' ¦, ' •¦¦¦
|C7F"uneral private. Kindly omit flowers.
PETERSON— In this city, January 2, 1901, Mary
A., beloved wife of ..¦ George ',W. Peterson
dearly beloved mother of George, Irene/ Rob-
ert. Adelaide, .V«na and Harold Peterson and
the late Isabel ' Peterson, and beloved daugh-
ter of the late Daniel and Elizabeth O'Nell. a
.'native of San Francisco. • . • ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ; ¦ ¦ . -j
IC7The funeral will, take place to-morrow
? (Sunday), at' 8:30 o'clock, from. her. late. regi-
¦ dence, 258 ¦ Clinton : Park." thence » to Mission
Dolores Church." where a requiem high' masn
will -be celebrated for the repose of • her soul
at 9 o'clock.- Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery/. :.-:.-• .'.._;. . . - - •.• •- ¦¦-...--
RAFFERTY— In this city, January 3, 1901,
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
On the Santa Fe ' I
you can travel with speed as well as
comfort from San Francisco to Chi-
cago in 75 hours. Leaves every morn-
ing at 9 o'clock.
California
Limited !
: . . r ' '¦ ' - <
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot
Local Llm'dlOvTl'd Local
Dally. Dally. | Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran. 7:20 a »:00a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton . 10:25 a 11:43 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
•• Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15a
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:33 p 3:05 a ,,
" Hanford . 4:23 p 3:!7 p 7:08 a
" Visalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:43 a
k" Tulare... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
. " Bksfleld . «:50 p 5:10 p 7:30 a
." Kan. City 2:4t a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second clars
tickets are honored en this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. sally.
'4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrfVes 11:03 a. m. datly.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace 1 and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cut» out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:53 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. is Eakeirfleld Local, stopping
at all points tn San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1113 Broadway, Oak-
land^
MEXICAN
INTERNATIONAL RAILROAD.
EAGLE. PASS ROUTE.
THE SHORTEST STANDARD GAUGE
LINE AND FASTEST TIME BETWEEN
PRINCIPAL CITIES IN THE UNITED
STATE3 AND MEXICO.
NO CHANGE OF CARS AT THE FRONT-
IER. .. THROUGH PULLMAN BUFFET
SLEEPING CARS DAILT BETWEEN NEW
ORLEANS AND THE CITT OF MEXICO.
MONTEREY AND DTJRANGO. DIRECT
LINE TO MONTEREY. DURANGO, ZACA-
TECAS. AGUAS CALIENTE3. SAN LUI3
POTOSI. GUADALAJARA AND CITT OF
MEXICO. ALL TRAINS MET AT THE
FRONTIER BY REPRESENTATIVE OF THE
PASSENGER DEPARTMENT TO ATTEND
TO INSPECTION OF BAGGAGE. EXCHANGE
OF MONEY. ETC.
FOR FTJRTHER INFORMATION CALL ON
OR ADDRESS ANT AGENT OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY. OR
C. K. DUNLAP,
. General Freight aad Passenger Ageat.
C. PORF1RIO DIAZ, Coah, Mcx.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
», Steamers leave Broadway
•^^ ~. wharf. Ban Francisco:
tS^w^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. n..
KgfSrK Jan - J « 8 - **• 18 - »• 2«. JL Feb.
tg?J^V*»v 5. Change to company's steam-
Efifc.iv%l\5&4 ers at Seattle.
f fiS**2ljgr For Victoria. Vancour-r (B.
iWiTlmr^i C-)l Port TowR send. Seattle,
i f- WkW Tacoma. Everett, Ar.acortes.
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
_ 11 a m.. Jan. 1. «, u. 18. a. m.
81. Feb. 6, and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., Jan. S. 8
13. IS. 23. 23. Feb. 2. and every fifth day there-
after. •
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.:
steamer Santa Rosr> Sundays. 9 a. ra.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m.; steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Knsenada. Uagdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mm.)— 10 a. m. 7th each month
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing.
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & It. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
P* O IR, T JLj J^IXID
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CA DC $12 First Class Including Berth
IHIIL $8 Second Class arjd A\eals.
COLUMBIA Sails Jan. 3, 13. 23 Feb 3
GEOk W. ELDER Sails Jan. 8, IS 23
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E, C. WARD. Genera! A«ent.
CO Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at I p. m..
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing. #
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 84. uai
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 19. tan
SS. AMERICA MARU
; Friday. March 15, MCI
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, comer F*irst.
W. H. AVERT. General Ax-nt.
AMERICAN LINE.
HUT TORS. S0BTHAMPT0H. LONDON. PARIi
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Kensington Jan. SIVaderland Jan. 19
Noordland ......Jan. l«[New Tork Feb. «
Friesland Jan. 23 1 Kensington Feb. VI
* v- RED STAR LINE.
vjr*r. New York and Antwerp.
From* New Tork Every Wednesday, 13 Noon.
Kensington Jan. StSouthwark .Jan. m
Noordland Jan. 15 1 Westernland ...Feb. •
Friesland Jan. 23 1 Kensington Feb. 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
. :--• • CHAS. D. TATLOR.
General Agent Paclflc Coast.
30 Montgomery st.
oceafflcs.s.co. assess
BS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ........
Sunday. January 1, 1 p. n.
ES. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only) -
Wednesday. January 18. 2 p. m.
SS SONOMA." for Honolulu, Samoa; New
'Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. January 23. at 9 p. m.
J. D.SPBECIEIS k BROS. CO., Itnsra! losnts, 327 Marts! St
Cro'l Passenger Otto, 843 HM 3t, Par lo. 7. Paeffle St
BAY. AND .RIVER ST"RATffTTRS.
FOR U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
\, Steamer "Moritlcello.**.
. MOX. . Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. • and Sat. at » :43
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m and 1:30: Sundays. .10:30 a. m., S
p m. Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1505.
¦ FARS SOo.Trunks and traveling bars. Before buying see
our "bureau trunk." a. B. Smith Co.; 12S Sins.*
Dr. H. ,W. Hunsaker hat , removed i his office*
to Parrott ' (Emporium). bid*., rooms 615 and 616,'
6th floor. Elevator at west entrance, 80S Market.*
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late Emma'L.S, Mangel b
was filed yesterday.'- The * estate is - ap
praised - at $498,922 95. It consists largely
of Hawaiian • Sugar, Spring . Valley and
railroad stocks, real estate i and personal
belongings. iTaNSBSSWlHBMfiBBlBH
Emma Mangles Estate.
Mrs. Kate Clarey. a woman about 45
years of age, who resided at 42% Juniper
street, died last night at the Receiving
Hospital . from the effects of a dose of
washing ammonia, and evidently taken by
mistake.
Mrs. Clarey, who was a widow and sup
ported her 13-year-old daughter by tak
ing in washing, went to a closet about 5
o'clock, took down a beer bottle and
poured out a glassful of the contents.
Without looking at what Bhe, was drink
ing she drained the glass and fell writh
ing on the floor.
Mrs. Clarey' s daughter called in the
neighbors, and they caused her removal
to the Receiving Hospital. Dr.. Bunnell
treated her, but without avail. She died
about S:SO o'clock, and her body was re
moved to the Morgue.
Draught
DRINKS AMMONIA BY
MISTAKE FOR BEEE
Mrs. Kate Clarey Dies in Receiving
Hospital From Effects of the
John Corcoran, • aged 70 years, died . yes
terday morning In- the City and County
Corcoran Dies of Paralysis.
:The $10,000,000 worth of new Southern
Pacific bonds, which were placed on the
local market a week ago, are having a
good sale, according to I. W. Hellman of
the. Nevada Bank, who has the matter In
charge.
"The total Issue of the bonds is J15.000.000,
but only two-thirds of this amount is
offered investors at this time. The se
curities are \\<t per cent gold bonds. They
are. offered at 9S per. cent and accrued In
terest: •
..Mr. Hellman, . in speaking of the sales,
paid yesterday: "The subscriptions have
been surprisingly large. The eagerness of
Investors to take up the bonds Is exceed
ing our expectations."
Demand for New Issue Exceeds Ex
. pectations of Southern, Pacific
: \ b . .-'¦• •;'¦ • Officials.
RAILROAD BONDS ABE
HAVING A BIG SAXiE
D<vrws of divorce were granted yester
day to Mapgie Brunt from Ralph Brunt
for <Jt-s*-rUon. Martha A- Olark from
Oeorpe F. Clark for desertion and Annie
T<afc from John Tease for neglect. Suits
for divorce were filed yesterday by Louise
B. aganist E. Waldrr.n for cruelty. Vic
* toria acalnst Charles Lorch for failure to
provide. Annie B. against Frederick J.
Smfth for failure to provide and Vincent
Onlin against Catherine Calln for deser
tion.
In the Divorce Court.
Bridges Smith, Mayor of Macon, Ga..
made his first money peddling papers in
the streets.
The cases of Ernest Auguin. R. L. Clapp
end S. P. Blumenberg. charged with keep-
Ing houses cf ill fame on Bacon place,
were called in Judge Fritz's court yester
day. In the case of Blumenberg Attorney
Shortridge appeared and said that Blu
menberg had not been the lessee of the
houses for some months. He asked that
the case be dismissed. Captain Wittmpn
e^ked for a continuance till to-day so
that he could make inquiry as to the
proper lessee and the Judge granted his
request, continuing the other two cases
till the same time.
The cates of yuon Ming, Chin Sam. Ah
Cheng and Ah Le*. charged wrih being
the keepers of houses of ill fame in China
town, v\<re also called before Judge Fritz
tnd continued till Tuesday.
In Judge Cahanlss' court the case? o*
Ah Sam end \V. O. Brand and Paul
Day, white men. who were arrested
Thursday night at lin? Dupont street by
Captain WHtman and posse, the former
for conducting a lottery and the two lat
ter for aiding and abetting a lottery, were
heard. The Judge held there was no evl
denoe against the two white men and dis»
rr.'iFPed the rases. The rase of Ah Sam
was continued till Monday.
Till To-Day.
Cases of Augnin, Clapp and Blumen
berg Are Called and Continued
LESSEES OF DENS
OF VICE IN COURT
Garcons of San Francisco c Spend a
Merry Evening .With Song . •
. and Story.'
The new officers of the' Pacific Coast
Waiters' Association were installed last
night at California Hall. The retiring of
ficers had handled the affairs of the asso
ciation with such skill tnat they* were en
abled to turn over to their successors a
large bank account and the new officiate
in taking their chairs promised to follow
the good example.
Retiring President G. W. Rowe admin
istered the oath of office and with a few
appropriate remarks turnedthe block and
Ravel over to President. Cnarles McKen
fi e ' i, T 5 e ?L atter lx \. accepting his charge
thanked the members for the trust re
posed In him and followed with a few're
mark .8 on his Idea of the duties of the
presiding office of such an organization.
The meeting then adjourned and th»
members prepared to ?njoy themselves in
the "smoker" that "followed. George W
Rowe was selected as sire and for several
hours the crowd waxed merry. Songs that
touched the various members of the as
sociation in tender olaces, speeches re
plete with witty sayings were heard and
toasts that caused hearty applause wei«
given and answered. Following is tho
complete programme: . .
Song, J. G. Hanson: recitation. John
Daly; stories, Professor Barnett; imper
sonations, Louis Hess, specialties J Hol
land; selections. J. Harris: recitation
James Morn: four-round bout between
Brennan of Dawson City and Newberry
or Mexico (draw):song, George Bartletf
song. Professor Epstein; stories, F Ma
honey: recitation, G. W. Sade.
The officers installed were: President
Charles McKenzie: vice president Fred"
Errett: treasurer, Chailes Stickles- re
cording secretary. W. E. Collins; financial
secretary.. J..E. Marsh. The board of di
rectors is as follows: W.. Duggan H
Besenthal, L. Hpss, L. L.. Hayden. George
Bartlett, Frank Brennan and Paul Petit
the combine of Los Angeles and San
Francisco. Politicians professing to speak,
with power to deliver the goods, cannot
redeem the promises already out, to say
nothing of the promises to come. The
notion that forty or more Assemblymen
representing the agricultural and mining
districts of the State can be "bunkoed"
by the San Francisco push Is only enter
tained by the fresh lobsters of Kelly's
contingent.
Perhaps every Republican Assembly
man wants the chairmanship of a good
committee. It Is natural to Infer that a
member should prefer an important to a
subordinate place. It is obvious that sev
eral Assemblymen are anxious to get on
the winning side In order to secure the
committee recognition desired, but there
are many able and intelligent Assembly
men who regard it their highest duty to
get on the right side. Recognition is
bound to come to public men who adhere
to principles of right and decency.
When the Assemblymen elected to serve
the State get together in Republican cau
cus at Sacramento they will consider the
moritB of the candidates for Speaker and
indorse the man that seems to possess
the ability, experience and integrity re
quired to discharge the responsible duties
of the position.
New members of the Legislature may
be impelled by a sense of duty to make
Inquiry concerning Pendleton's record as
a member of the Assembly and his career
as a lobbyist during the two sessions suc
ceeding the last session, in which' he
served as a member. Diligent inquiry and
honest action at this time may prevent
a' session abounding In scandal. Martin
WAITEES INSTALL
THEIR NEW OFFICERS
Reaction in Favor of Anderson Sets In, While Efforts to
. Round Up Assemblymen From the Interior for Pendle
ton Are Not Meeting With the Sueeess Anticipated
Kelly announces that he is familiar with
Pendleton's record and commends it.
The charge is laid against Alden An
derson that he voted against Colonel
Burns for United States Senator. It la
the truth that he voted for General W.
H. L. Barnes at the regular session and
for Thomas R. Bard at the extra session.
The Examiner and the Phelan evening
paper openly assert that the politicians
who were in sympathy with Colonel
Burns during the Senatorial contest have
combined to defeat Anderson.
The scene of activity in the contest for
the speakership will ee transferred to
Sacramento this evening. Yesterday Sen
ator Luchsinger of Solano arrived at the
capital and opened Anderson headquar
ters. Mr. Anderson Tiill leave San Fran
cisco to-day for Sacramento. He is con
fident -of election, having direct assur
ances of support from several Assembly
men whose names have- been placed in
the Pendleton column.
tumultuous enthusiasm over
I the indorsement of Pendleton's
II candidacy for Speaker by Boss
XL Martin Kelly's bunch of San Fran
cisco Assemblymen has percepti
bly subsided. A reaction in Anderson's
favor was noted yesterday by calm ob-'
servers of the contest. Boss Kelly plan
ned secretly for the conference Indorse
ment, hoping to create a sudden storm of
enthusiasm that would swing the arriv
ing Assemblymen from the country Into
line for Pendleton.
When reports of the slump were taken
to Boss Kelly last evening, he decided
that a livinp example of leadership should
be exhibited at once, hence he sallied
down to the Grand Hotel and joined a
few of his faithful followers at the bar.
His presence, however, did not inspire the
enthusiasm that his previous exhibition
aroused.
Ref.ublican members of the Legislature
are beginning to perceive that it -would
be bad for the Republican party and bad
for the State of California to accept a
programme of organization from Martin
JCeUjr. When Assemblymen Schillig and
Gans arrived last night they were impor
tuned to Join the Pendleton forces, but
they wisely refrained from committing
themselves.
Kelly's "nucleus" is not as attractive
to th* interior delegates as It appeared to
bo to the push last Wednesday night. The
country members who are being tempted
by glittering offers of committee chair
manships to J-.'in Boss Kelly's "nucleus"
F.hould keep i.i mind the fact that the
prize committees have been promised to
HELEN GOULD SENDS fggi
NEW YEAE GREETING
in a Kindly Worded letter She
Wishes Presidio Soldiers All .
Happiness.
In answer to an appeal from the Red
Cross ladies of this city Miss Helen
Gould sent the following message to the
soldiers at the Presidio:
£79 Fifth avenu*. ¦
To the Soldiers of the Presidio General Hospi
tal, San Francisco. Cal.— Dear Sirs: This even
ing I received a letter askinf me to send you
a me*sa£e of ChriBtmas greeting, the letter
ka\-in«? been somewhat delayed in reaching me
on account of having tone first to our out of
town address. It lc rather late to write wish
ing you a happy Christmas, as it will be sev
eral days before my letter can reach you, but
I do send best wishes for the new year— the
year that begins a new century.
Since the outbreak of the Spanish war many
of ua women have been interested In every
thing that concerns the welfare of the en-*
listed men of the army and navy, and we have
worked together in such societies as the Red
Cross or those with which I have co-operated —
the Women's National "War Relief Association
and the Army and Navy Department of the
Young Men's Christian Association. It has
b«en a. great pleasure to us. I assure you, to
try and do a little for those who are in the
service of our country.
With good wishes for your speedy recovery.
I remain very truly,
HELEN 5TTLLER GOULD.
December 24, 1MX). •
The Chamber of Commerce of this etty
has received a letter from Captain "Wil
liam L. Merry, Minister to Nicaragua, la
which he makes the following statement:
that.it i 9 Bolonger * question of a cualbut
T r~n^. naI? - ShaU H ** a caaal manage by
a French corporation, with high tolls as at
Suez, to make dividends on Yn «norn£usly
watered capital; tolls which cor p^lTmust
pay or shall it be a canal ownedand man
?*i^ v y our - Government, with onlr enough
i™.wVl? t ** p *J. c< SL 0 ' »«tat«uuie« and *
small sinking fund? The difference will mak*
millions to our country annually, and to kr«at
h a 7^l Pacl «° Coast' Interests that th« Issu«
stiould be made plain to the people of the Pa-
CAPTADT MEBEY WHITES
ABOUT THE NEW CANAL"
He Says the Nicaragua Canal -Will
Greatly Affect Pacific Coast
Interests.
BOSS KELLY'S "NUCLEUS" NOT
INCREASED BY THE SHOUTING
AND ENTHUSIASM SUBSIDES
iJ^/J"i t ?" i " *"»• to neonatal. If II
» oot iloctaawm J«a. Moor. "AA" irtlttoj.
Business of Importance Is Transacted
and New Unions Admitted.
At the meeting of the Labor Council
last evening at labor headquarters there
was a general representation of the vari
ous organizations. The reports were most
encouraging, that of the Milkers' Union
being the cause of considerable satisfac
tion. The organization has succeeded in
securing the drafting of an ordinance to
be submitted to the Board of Supervisors
next Monday evening which will, if
passed, provide for improved sanitary
surroundings for the employes of the
dairies. A copy of ihe ordinance was sub
mitted to the Labor Council by Health
Officer O'Brien, who asked the views of
the council upon the merits of the pro
posed regulation. j ¦'-v:.'
The ordinance was adopted wltn a few
minor changes and a committee was ap
pointed to confer with the Health De-
P?-*jnent and assl3t that body in secur
ing'the passage of the proposed law. The
committee consists of A. R. Andre. A.
Dijeau, J. Bowlan, A. lien and M. Barn
aby.
The Retail Clerks' Union reported that
with but three exceptions all employers
approached had agreed to the early clos
ing movement. ... ,
The Barbers' Union also reported a gen
eral acceptance by employers of the early
closli-g schedule. The council Indorsed
the proposed Federal legislation, provid
ing for an eight-hour lawon all. Govern
ment work, the present law only being In
force as regards Government buildings.
Letters were ordered sent to the Califor
nia Representatives and Senators In Con
gress asking their • support' for the pro
posed measure. •
Twenty-flve delegates from newly or
ganized unions were admitted to the coun
cil The Beer Drivers' Union was re
ported by Secretary Andre as being the
latest body to organize. The new organi
zation Is a local union of the national
union of United Brewery Workmen and
will within the next few months take In
all the keg and bottle beer drivers of San
Francisco and Oakland. The following are
the i officers: President, H. L. Mueller;
vice president. Fred Meyer; secretary. A.
R. Andre; treasurer, Ed Hanson; ser
geant at arms. Fred Gross; delegates to
Labor Council— John Lutgen. C. Metzen
haur; examination committee— Fred Gro
vermann, John Lutgen, John Lafranz;
local executive committee— Tom Flood. C.
Wunder. H. L. Mueller; auditing commit
tee—C. Adams, \V. Rohrer. P. Burke.
LABOR COUNCIL IN SESSION.
A gathering of representatives of trades
unions from all parts of the State will be
held In Pioneer Hall on Monday. January
7. Fully 250 delegates are expected to be
present. The convention, In the eyes of
those experiencd in local movements, will
be an Important epoch In the history of
unionism. It is called for the purpose of
forming. a permanent State Federation,
which will greatly enhance the power of
every organization affiliated with It.
W. McArthur, chairman of the commit
tee of arrangements, will call the conven
tion to order. After the disposal of the
necessary preliminaries the convention
will be addressed by Jefferson D. Pierce.
State representative of the American
Federation of Labor, who Is well known
throughout the country as a powerful
orator on all labor questions.
The sessions will be open to the public,
the galleries of the hall having been set
aside for their convenience. •
Following are the names of the com
mittee, all of whom are at present dele
gates to the Labor Council: Walter Mac-
Arthur, chairman; Benjamin V. Smith,
secretary: R. I. "Wisler. T. E. Zant. A-
Iten, A. Dljeau and A. R. Andre.
Labor Convention Called to
Meet at Pioneer Hall
Next Monday.
UNIONISM WILL
BE DISCUSSED
GENTLEMEN OF THE ASSEMBLY!
ASSEMBLY!
Do You Intend to Choose THIS for Your Leader?
Tribute to Claus Spreckels and the
Proof He Has Given of His
Love for San Fran
cisco.
Eminent Surgeon Speaks on
the Beauty of the City's ?
Pleasure Place.
DR. LANE TALKS
OF PARK WONDERS
Dr. L. C. Lane, the eminent surgeon,
opened' the "nineteenth annual course of
Lane lectures at Cooper Medical College
last evening with an exhaustive address
on Golden Gate Park. The flora and
fauna of the park were treated from the
standpoint of the scientist, but the tribute
he paid to those whose efforts have done
most for the Improvement of the park
proved that, aside from matters of scien
tific Interest, the park was to him, as to
all, a source of Individual pride — the pride
of a citizen in meritorious public achieve
ments, .i ..
That, so much had. been done In a few
years was a source of wonderment to him,
he said, and even more so was the great
advance of recent months in the construc
tion of new driveways and lakes and
structures that will, ever stand as evi
dence of. the love of some citizen for his
home city and Its great pleasure place.
James Lick, he said, saw before he passed
from this life that ample provision was
made for the raising of the magnificent
monument Inclosing the statue 'of Fran
cis.. Scott Key, writer, of, "The Star
Spangled Banner"; Senator Sharon, In
the last hours of life, provided for a play
ground for the city's children: under the
direction of former Mayor Alvord the
great work of the park was commenced;
Charles Crocker aided in the re-estab
lishment of the conservatory; Mr. de
Young has established the great museum,
and to the love of Claus Spreckels for his
city and the park the erection of Its
crowning "architectural wonder" Is due.
"Claus Spreckels. whom I will ! name
am^ng the proven friends of the park and
the city," said Dr. Lane, "has contributed
more than any other man to the industry
and advancement of the Pacific Coast.
It was he who went across the ocean and
established the vast sugar industry that
has given employment to thousands of our
citizens, and hia vast refineries are *the
result of his enterprise. It was he who
has made the' sugar beet Industry one of.
the greatest of the coast, and in the same
line has advanced other industries and
commerce. The last act of this remark
able man has .broken the shackles of
monopoly that held fast the people of San
Francisco, who will now enjoy the com
fort and warmth of light at reasonable
rates. To every great and modest under
taking his purse was open. An archi
tectural wonder In the park— the great
music stand— Is but one evidence of his
love for San Francisco and her Institu
tions, and it will ever stand an Imperish
able monument of his love for Golden
Gate Park."
From his tribute to the worth of those
men whose energies have made the park
what It Is to-day. Dr. Lane rapidly con
cluded his discourse on trie plant life In
the park. He followed his expression of
gratitude for the preservation of the
great forests of this State to his expres
sion of contempt for those men who de
stroy animal life In the pursuit of their
enjoyment of plant life. He referred to
those men who enjoy the fragrance and
beauty of the flowers and fields of the
park and In doing so drive Jaded horses
to death or add to their sufferings with
the lash.
"It Is a fact to be regretted, but every
day one is forced to see horses In the
park suffering In silence as they bear the
whip," said the lecturer. "Mohammed,
when he established his religion, did not
forget the horse. 'Be good to your
horses, 1 he said, and I add to Mohammed's
mandate: Don't cut off their tails."
Dr. Lane pointed out the fact that
Golden Gate Park contains 1070 acres,
"which are more than are contained In
all the parks of a number of the biggest
cities. Water has been developed," he
said, "lakes and cascades add their
beauty to the general scene and out of a
wilderness of sand a paradise of green
has grown for the comfort, for the pleas
ure, for the enjoyment of all."
In London, he concluded, men have
been dragged from lives of drunkenness
by having their interest In plants and
nature's beauties revealed to them
through the efforts of a society for that
purpose. There, he said, the curing of
the drunkard had been effected through
centering his mind on the better .things
of life. There his plants were raised In
little pots or boxes, for soil was scarce.
If such good as thus reported had come
from those plants and flowers all citizens
of San Francisco should glory in the
magnificence of nature's favors to them,
which, aided by the art of man, had
given them one of the world's most beau
tiful pleasure places..;-^ .:
WATER INQUIRY
NEARING THE END
gineer Schussler.
Supervisors Are on a Still
but Vain Hunt for En-
Important Testimony Given in Refer
ence to tlie Valuable Calaveras
Property of the Spring
Valley Company.
The Board of Supervisors Is nearlng the
end of its Inquiry into the affairs of the
Spring Valley Water Company prepara
tory to fixing rates for water for the next
fiscal year. The Investigation was re
eumed last night and developed two points
of Interest. Hermann Schussler. chief" en
gineer of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany, and the witness whose testimony
Is of vital moment, was not present, and
there is nothing to indicate when he will
be, as he is reported ill. The other point
was the admission under oath that the
Spring Valley Water Company made Its
investment in the enormously valuable
Alameda and Calaveras property not for
¦existing n^eds of San Francisco but for
future uses.
Pelham W. Ames took the witness" stand
as soon as the beard convened. As secre
tary of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany, he supplied the board with a se
ries of facts and figures which ' for tne
purposes of the inquiry was neither ex
ceptionally interesting nor important. Mr.
Ames gave the cost of tiie Belmont, Ala
mt-da and other properties of the com
pany. These facts have been given time
after time and naturally added no new
fact to the inquiry. In giving the cost
expenditures made in development and
Improvement were also included.
Ames was submitted to a close exami
nation, during which it was discovered
that he could not give the cost of the
local distributing system, the Searsvilie
and Pescadero plants. Information re
garding these particulars is considered es
sential, and Mr. Ames jiroir.ised to supply
It in tv.o weeks. He also submitted a
tabulated statement of the receipts, dis
bursements, operating expenses and ex
penditures of the Spring Valley Water
Company for every year since 1SSL lie
yond this Mr. Ames had no informatior.
to give and was excused.
Then there was a search for Hermann
Schussler, the chief engineer of the Spring
Valley Water Company. But Mr. Schuss
ler was not there. Assistant Engineer M.
M. O'Shaughnessy informed the board
that his chief was ill and by the orders
of his physician could not leave his homo
at r.ight. He would be pleased, however,
to meet the members of the board at his
office during daytime.
Mr. O'Shaughnessy was asked Jl bis
chief could not come to the board rooms
during the day. and he replied yes if the
board would give some assurance in ref
erence to the temperature. The assistant
tr.grineer could not be piven the u-ssur
aiice. The board is therefore in a uuan
cary. Mr. Schussler can't go to it and it '
wll not go to him. While he was away I
in Europe. Supervisor Reed suggested, th«i
board had postponed its inquiry in order
t.hat he could give his testimony when he
returned. Now that he has returned he
c;nnot appear before the bonrd. Super
v'sor Connor was appointed a committee
to -wait upon him and see when ne can be
r-'^ent.
tiQSjP*. wltness of th e evening was M.
M. O >haughnessy. who was called to tes
tify la reference to th<? AlameJa an>i Cri
av. ras property of the Spring Valley
Water Ccmpany. After a great deal of
wrangling and argument, he testified that
th9 property was purchased to provide tor
Invert, uses of the city. The ooara then
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 5, 1901.
14
For a* Cold in the . Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. •
T I"I--I"!"I"I"I"I"I"1--I-I I I-I-I-I--I-1 11-1-+
•• A gTeat two-step by Eduard I!
! : , Strauss, the waltz king 1 , will I [
'• * . ' be given "> free with, next Sun- • •
:•-. day's Call. This is a gem— do. X
1 1 not fail to get it. T
q1i»t.. i .. i .. i ., i m-i-h* •i-i-i-i-i'M-'i-i-i-r-ho
AD VEHTISEMEU TS. \\~.\
The man -who Trould sit on a cake of
ice to cool off would be considered crazy.
Yet it is a very common thing for a per-
son heated by exercise to stand in a cool
draught, just to
cool ofl. This j£35*
of many a cough V**!
¦which ultimate- — «*<^5j*^^— .
ly involves the /^1m1£ j&lE!3i
bronchial t ract >^la IA M^ffl
eud the lun-s.
any stage there
is no remedy so
valuable as Dr. /r~^Z. f ~V-_
Pierce's Golden ( >^^^?«*v- - | QD
Medical Diseov- I \^(TBry' (1\\
exy. It cures 1 I llJLW/ / v\J
deep-seated, ob- \ N kS? If Amy\
stinate coughs, t^^ I *[/ /* ifcSJ
lungs, and like - ¦
conditions •which if neglected or unskiH-
fully treated terminate in consumption. .
There is no alcohol in w Golden Med-
ical Discovery," and it is entirely free
from opium, cocaine and other narcotics.
Accept no substitute for "Golden Med-.
ical Discovery." There is nothing "just
as good."
"I took a severe cold which settled in the
bronchial tubes." writes Rev. Frank Ilay, of
Xortonville. Jr.Terson Co., Kansas. "After try-
iug medicines labeled 'Sure Cure.' almost with-
out number. I was led to try Dr. Pierre's Golden
Medical Discovery. I took two bottles and was
cured, and have stayed cured.
"When I think of the great pain I had to
endure, and the terrible cough I had, it seems
.blciost a miracle that I vr&s so soon relieved.
"That God :nay spare you maay years and
abundantly bless you is the prayer of your
fTatcful fncad."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, containing iooS large pages, is
Bent free on receipt of stamps to pay ex-
pense of mailing only. Send 21 one-
cent stamps for toe book in paper covers
or 31 stamps for it in cloth binding. Ad-
dress Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
: V • COMMENCING TO-DAY W£ START OUR
General Clearance Sale!
Some goods have been cut to one-half their regular price.
We must have room for Spring Goods. Note a few of our
' : 'many, "great inducements:
wool waists. Dressing
. FLANNEL WOOL WAIST, black' only; aaiU S /Gft^lk
fe^^S^^-^ e 5.c; Sacaues S^
FRENCH FLANNEL WAISTS, all wool; T ' T \}\J
lined throughout: all sizes and CJ I *7 C all sUes and col- nL-'" ZV«^
colors— $2. BO quality "¦•* W ors— |l quality— S?hxS^fe+i*.
'.> SILK WAISTS, all colors, and sizes; - - f S*«;:»?T'R«\
tucked front and bnck-{5 CO QC^ ri 1 n FkioW^^W-'^iw'A ¦
Equality-sale price 5>^5»O«> rmlHISlCttfi BmV£'&?&3J#&
SATEEN : WAISTS, all sizes. Off^ " ,. n . '^ t£&sj&£imi$&£8r ¦
B0c quality UOWIIS '
Children's Coats. <waiit y -«ai e -
¦ Wehave a lot of odds and ends of Chll- » r* I 1
. dren's "Jackets; all-sizes — some are worth 'H"tC'»
as high as $$— you may have your pick for
$1.00 to $2.00 feheT 5 ; Skirts.
¦ mm'f • WOMEN'S ACCORDEON PLAITED mf- "
: ' OT-^Ba Wr^nnarC DERSKIRTS, lined— Jl quality — CZ.C\s-
1' \^j9 TT I QUIJCl a sale price OUC
' './kfrk^ FL'ANNELETTE ¦ HrvfTnow C*^*»i«;^li. ¦' ' i
/5?f$ilsSk wrappers, in aii nosiery Specials. . .
mmm -iS.- : ;.^m.« r ™worS: rib*™** wv 111^*?*'* FIXE
~jj%M W 7lr H^SE^^t^Uc^^Pslze^ f %™
'iS* Tmff ffl inrV) sale price, per pair IJm
ft! i Ttoa Vttii We you 30 pep cent of 1
f&Bii M l^Ull on all our CHILDREN'S HATS
Ml PI IlfifiprwP^f AND CAPS ol! the very latest
>wl 1 : '"• * .style of goods. ; .; ~ £
jWS| ; |||M upCCialS- We are offering some excellent
W»IIISV women's long bargains in LACES and EM-
%x8 : B : B$k-i IP slkeve VESTS-25C BROIDEIHES. It will pay you to
quality : Bale 1 CS • . x. . - * " J ¦ '¦ » ¦
;\-~..* . .' ¦ price;. ........ :JIOy - price . tnem : before purchasing
women's heavy weight' lono elsewhere.
SLEEVE t VESTS, In Bray and-QQ^ . _^_
ecru— 40c quality— sale price..'...".. ,^6Ow ; "',' , .
imported half sleeve vests, oil Look at our window display—
.:s^oY"n J sa^°^ . h^?." 6r5C; : it nieans money in your pocket
1212=1214 MARKET STREET, T ayi^Soi es :
¦ V MAIL ;ORDER8 RECEIVED.
CNC9&90RATE0 B^S^ S» TS&P mBS
SPECIAL BARCAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY and TUESDAY
TOMATOES, Columbus brand, 4 cans 25o
Extra quality. Reg-alar lOo can.
SYRUP. Kairomel brand, qt can loo
Finest Table Syrup. Regular 23a.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square. .45c
Fine Butter Is our motto. Regular 55c.
CHOICE POINT REYES BUTTER, square 35c
Good value for 43c.
BEST CITY EGGS, dozen 35c
From the Mission. R«ru!ar 43c
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS, dozen. 25c
Ouaranteed. Regular 35c.
MACARONI, VERMICELLI, box 20c
Spaghetti. Regular 23c
COX'S GELATINE, p*g 10o
Regular 15c.
J. H. FLECKINGER PRUNES, Ib .5c
Best French Prunes. Regular 10c.
OLD KENTUCKY WHISKY, gallon. . .$2 50
Rye or Bourbon. Rexalar (3 SO.
GHIRARDELLTS COCOA, can 20o
Regular 25c can.
IRISH and SCOTCH WHISKY, qt bot.-.$1.00
•' Imrorted; Belfast/ Regular H 25.
Extra Choira Family FLOUR, 50-Ib sack 80o
.Regular 95c.
IMPORTED SARDINES, 3 cans .25c
Flag Brand. Regular lTUc
DUFFTS PURE MALT WHISKY 75a
Regular 85c
BEST TABLE SALT, paper pkg. ... . . . 5o
From the Hatchlnson Salt Co., Kansas.
..Pure. Regular 10c
I. W. HARPER'S WHISKY, tot 85o
Received Gold Medal Paris. Reg. n 25.
IMPORTED CASTILE SOAP, 3-Ib bar . . . 25o
Virgin. Regular JOc.
SNIDER'S TOMATO SOUP, 2-Ib can 12|o
Regular 20c can.
BALTIMORE COVE OYSTERS, 3 cans . . .25o
- Regular 10c can.
CIGARS CUT— Renown 7 for 25o
Humboldt. Sanchez & Haya. Belmont and
all leading brands. 12Hc size. 10c
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of these "special" sales.
We ship free of charge wttMn 100 miles, on
all orders exceeding $5. Ask for monthly prtc«
lists— free.
1348.1354 Market Street.
Opp. Seventh. 'Phone S. 232. Xo Branca Store*.
MONARCH SHOE COMPANY FOR SALE.
Tho undersigned offers for iala as a whol*
only, the entire stock of boots and shoes, wit a
all store fixtures and good will appertaining
to the business known as .-"Monarch Shoe Com-
pany." located at' 1345 Market street, Saa
Francisco, Cal.
Store will be closed January 8 and 7. 1901.
for the convenience of Intending purchaser* to
examine the stock and to obtain . other par*
ttculars of the busienss.
: Bids must be addressed to W. Wolf. 1846 Mar-
ket street, and will be- oi «ned January 8, 1901.
2:00 p. m.
No bids will be considered or entertained nn-
less accompanied by a certified check of 10 per
j cent of the gross amount offered, returnable ia
case of rejection of bid. ¦
"drSotjltyT
rpn 13 WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
L Specialist cirfM B!o<xl Poison, Uonorrhcsa,Gleet.
Stricture, £enil»al Weaicnesn. Impotence and tbalr
allied Disorders. • Book on Diseases of Men, frea.
Over20rear» 1 exp€r<ence.Tennsrea5onab!e rfour*
«to3d a llr;8:»toV30eT^s.8undaStoliOon S nT:
fci tlon free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROSCOR MeXDLTY, 31. D.
SO H Kearny S t., Man Francisco* Cels
Hale'a.
m at reduced prices. M
|p our hair goods department is on the mezzanine floor. Jl |
ffl/l All the switches In this sale are made from first quality French \ II,
'l/n and German hair. The prices are for ordinary shades. Our prices \\\
II fn for the rare shades of golden blonde, auburn and gray are very I
Ha reasonablp - We make a specialty of front pieces to order. \y/
///I lS-lnch first quality French hair switches— regular price $2.0O-sale VI
1/ 1 price Sl.SO \ v
I B IS-Inch first quality Gorman hair switches— regular price $1.50— y\
I sale price 81.2.1
Al I 20-lnch first quality French hair switches— regular price J2.3O— sale \\
I I price..... 92.OO ®J
tf I 20-lnch first quality German hair switches— regular price $L75— i^s
Wl I sale price 81.50 J^.
I 22-lnch first quality French hair switches— regular price $4.00-sa!e iVVV
I /I Price 83.^5 V\
k , 22-inch first quality German hair switches— regular price 13.50— A\
imVt sale price 83.OO \J>
roll _, 24 * lnch first Quality French hair switches-regular price $5.00— sale \\\
All 24-inch first quality German hair switches— regular price J5.0O- 111
All " ale P rt « V. .....84.50 l|y
m after stocNaking prices in the drag dep't. |v
S m These offerings mean active business. Not to take advantage oi IP
lit them Is extravagance. 1) .
///// Kirk's yellow rose toilet soap Violet talcum powder— recula- M
I —worth 26c a box of 8 cakes- price lOc-our prlceT..!TT!r575c vKj
I °Mennen' B 'bora'ted taicum"^ er 5n?? U bon£ let 8ec tollet ZS*' II I
y, der— our price .......15e er— per do .tie j^c 1U 1
'/ Hudnut's perfumes— per ounce Hudnut's violet sachet— per ||JJ
• • 5Oc <> unc « 5Oc Wl
..r^ t ,.PO wd er-the popular Tappan's petroleum Jelly- B. /
I feather brand— our price per chemically pure— our price for 2- vJh
box ."»<? ounce bottle t^ c M
Glycerine soap-per box of 3 ' Pure rastile soap-half pound W
caKes 10c bars only --..5c Wf
Market street, near Sixth, opp. Golden Gate avenne. J|~
Hale's.