VOLUME LXXXIX— SO. 69.
Holland Rejoices. in Her Approaching
Marriage to Duke Henry.
QUEEN WILHELMINA
BECOMES BRIDE TO-DAY
CHIEFS OF BOXERS
WHO ARE TO DIE
Ministers Demand the Punishment of
Twelve, Including Tuan and Siang.
CHURCH WHERE RELIGIOUS
SERVICES WILL BE HELD
AFTER CIVIL, MARRIAGE.
GLvfERAL .TUNG 'F.U'.SIANG/JN.; WAR. COSTUME. .THlsV NOTORIOUS
LEADER CARRIED OUT PLANS' FOR. 'ATTACKS. ON FOREIGNERS.
THE CHINESE GOVERNMENT IS STRIVING TO SAVE -US HEAD.
'king the plans against the foreigners, and
who commanded the attacks on the lega
tions and the soldiers who assassinated
the Japanese«Chancellor.
: XI PING HONG, who used his Influ-.
ence to have the Boxers recoenlzed a3
loyal and patriotic men. and who led the
Government to use them with the object
of extermination of foreigners.
HSU TUNG, who ha3 always been one
of the officials most hostile to foreigners.
who praised the Boxers, of whom he was
an accomplice, and who used all his Influ
ence with high persons in the empire, be
ing tutor to the heir apparent.
HSTJ' CHENG YU, who has the same
responsibility. #
KIH SU, one of the officials most hos
tile to foreigners and the minister at the
rites of service of the Boxers.
The Ministers definitely decided to de
mand the imposition of the death penalty
qpon all twelve of the Chinese officials
named in the list submitted, including
those who are dead, on account of tho
moral effect upon the Chinese.
The sentence. on the living must be in
flicted, except In the cases of Prince Tuan
and Duke Lan. which the Emperor may
commute to banishment to Turkestan.
The foreign Ministers gave out for pub
lication a, secret Imperial edict handed to
them ¦ yesterday by the Chinese peace
plenipotentiaries, which pleads especially
for the life of Tung Fuh Siang. commander
In chief of the army. It says the only
reason Is on account of the turbulent pop
ulation of - the provinces of Shensl and
Kansu. who are devoted to him, and might
rise and commit acts of violence againsr
the missionaries and' Christians,- which
the court would greatly deplore. . Conse
quently his punishment' requires caution,
deliberation and ' careful consideration.
The Emperor. It is pointed out. even In
the punishment j of Princes of the blood,
has not been moved by motives for their
protection. Why. then, should he do so
In the case of Tung Fuh Slang? What
had already been don» . should be taken
Into consideration. His army had been
reduced to 5000 men with the object of
lessening his power and with the ultimate
object of his : future punishment which
will be promulgated In an edict, the lan
guage of which. will not be too patent.
After the deprivation of his official rank,
the' Emperor will hereafter decide on a
heavy punishment.
TWO IMPERIAL EDICTS.
They Show That China Means to
' ; ... Make Reforms. •";:
SHANGHAI, Feb. 6.— Two Important Im
perial edicts were issued to-day. The
first provides, in accordance with article
III -of. the peace conditions, for the sus
pension of . official examinations for five
years in places ' where foreigners were
killed.' The second edict forbids anti-for
eign societies, recites punishment of guilty
parties and says local officials will be held
responsible for the maintenance , of order.
If' trouble occurs th? officials will' be re
moved without delay and will never again
be allowed to hold office. '
V, These edicts, together with that of yes
terday, arranging for. a conference of high
officials to devise a dan for reforming the
Government, are ¦ received : here ' by all
classes of Chinese conservative reformers
Breat'enthuslasm. v "
GENERAL; TUNG ; FTTH SLANG,
P -EKING, Feb. 6.— As had been ar
1 ranged-at-the-meetingr of-the-for
eign Ministers and Chinese pleni
potentiaries - to-day, the ' entire,
proceedings were, conducted orally, no
writings being- presented to the Chinese.
A formal, indictment, against 'the twelve
officials whose, punishment k had be en de
manded by the powers was read, however,
though Rang" Yi and .LI , Ping Heng are
dead. The officials whose punishment has
been demanded are:
PRINCE CHUAUG, commander !n:
chief of the Boxers, who held a large
share In the responsibility for promises
of rewards of fifty, taels for the capture
of foreigners and the death of persons
protecting, them.
PBINCE TUAN, the principal insti
gator of the /troubles . into which ; he
dragged the Chinese Government, - who
was appointed president of the Tsung.Ll
Yamen, after giving advice to the Chinese
Government; -who was responsible for the
edicts against foreigners issued between
June 30 and August 16.- and is mainly
responsible for the massacres in the prov
inces, especially Shanst; who ordered the
troops to attack the legations In opposi
tion to the wish of high mandarins, who
were looking to a cessation of hostilities:
who secured the execution of members of
the Tsung Li Yamen- who -were favorable
to foreigners: who Is the. recognized au
thor of the ultimatum of June 19 directing
the diplomatic corps' to leave Peking
within twenty-four hours and wlio. or
dered before the expiration of this delay
firing upon all foreigners found upon. the.
streets of. the capital, and who was prac
tically the author of the assassination of
Baron von Ketteler. the German Minister.
DUKE LAN, ".vice president of thePo
lice Department, who was accessory to,
the giving of orders j for the capture of
foreigners and was the first to open the
gates of the city to the Boxers. .
YING NIEN, who was criminal ac
complice of Prince Chuang and Duke Lan
in their machinations.
KANG LI} onQ of the instigators and
counselors of the Boxers, who always
protected them and was most: hostile to
any understanding looking to the ; re-es
j-ablishment of peaceful relations with the
foreigners and who. was sent at the com
mencement of, June to meet the Boxers
and endeavor to deter them from enter
ing the city, but who. on the contrary,
encouraged them to follow the work of
destruction, and who signed- with Prince
Tuan and- Ting NIen their principal no
tices and prepa'red the plan for the ex
pulsion and annihilation . of foreigners in
the provinces of the empire.'
CHAO : SU KIAM, j a member of the
Grand I Council and j also Minister of Jus
tice, who was one 0% the leaders' against
the 'foreigners and mainly responsible for
the execution"; of the officials /killed dur
ing the siege for' having tried , to' stop the
attack against the legations/and who ten
dered the Boxers every encouragement.
YU HSIEN, who recognized. the Box
ers,, was the, author/of the massacres \ in
tho Shansl ' Province "and assassinated
with his j own hand foreigners and mis
sionaries.^and who was noted for cruelty,
which stained "with blood. the whole .coun
try over which he was Governor, v
who with Prince Tuan carried out in Pe-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 "Broadway. Feb. 6.
Maddened because of her refusal to be
come his wife. Bert Henderson, a tele
phone employe, shot Fannie O'Nell, IS
years old. in a rooui at the Ross House
at 11:30 o'clock to-night and then killed
himself as he lay in the bed from which
the wounded girl had fled to escape thi
point-blank range of the bullets that were
fired at her. • /
Miss O'Nell was fortunate in that only
one of the leaden missiles took effect. The
ball entered her left cheek, ranged under
the nose and lodged under the right eye.
Henderson's wound was In the right tem
ple.
The girl Is an attendant at the offlce of
Dr. A. S. Larkey. She resides at 538 El
Dorado avenue, better known as Buena
Vista avenue. Piedmont. The tragedy fs
the outcome of an acquaintance sfw»
formed six months ago at a lodge of
United Moderns In this city, of which sh»
and Henderson were members. In a short
while after the engagement matters took
a course displeasing to the young woman
and she broke off the affair. She declares
Henderson continued to shower his atten
tions upon her and she continued to re
ceive him In spite of the ending of their
proposed marriage plans. There was a
meeting to-night between the pair by ap
pointment at Fourteenth street ami
Broadway, the girl bavins? come* down
town on a Piedmont car to meet Hender
son.
From there they walked together to the
Ross House, where, according to the
young woman, they were to go ana tar*
over their disagreement. Mrs. Abbie E.
Woods, one of the owners of the hous-.
iriet the pa!r* arid Henderson «r.gas*d th»
room. No. 2, paid the, rent for one night
and the girl* passed In with him.
The wounded girl on the operating table
at the Receiving Hospital told the follow
ing story of the subsequent happenings:
"Bert locked the door as soon as we
entered and pulled out a pistol, command
ing me to disrobe and retire, under pen
alty of belns killed. He kept brandish
ing the pistol in a crazy sort of way while
he kept up his threats to shoot me.
"Trembling with fear. I obeyed him. an-t
then he prepared to retire. I expostulated
and he kept on thrusting the pistol Into
my face. It seemed to me as if I would
be shot any second. I didn't, care to
scream, because I thought he would sure-
?•Then he declared I must promise to
marry him: that I must then and there
make good our engagement. I told him
I would not do that, and then I Jumped
up from the bed as he pulled the pistol
and snapped the trigger. I heard one ex
ploslon and as I ran toward the door I
felt the sharp sting of the bullet that hit
me and nearly knocked me down. Strug
gling over to the door and dripping with
blood. I managed 1 to unlock It and scream
for help. Then there was a third shot,
and I saw Bert fall back on the pillow.
He had put the pistol to his head and
killed himself. By that time a lot of peo
ple had gathered. . Some one came and
put me on the sofa, where I remained un
til the police ambulance came."
Miss O'Nell said Henderson's home was
somewhere .In San Francisco. Before h»
went to work for the telephone company
he had been in the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company's employ.
The elrl Is a brunette, plump and of
dark complexion. She Is quite prepossess
ing. On the operating table she displayed
a phenomenal nerve, even before the- sur
geons assured her that sne would not suf
fer permanent Injury from the wound.
She will be kept at the Receiving
Hospital until she has fully recovered
from the shock. The police are satisfied
that her version of the shooting Is true.'
Dr. H\ $. Ktrgan, who was passing on
Ninth street near the lodglng-bonss.
was called in- He gave the girl tempo
rary attention. He examined the man
and pronounced him to be dead. Th»
police sent the wounded girl to the hospi
tal and then the Coroner took charge of
Henderson's body. The scene In the death
chamber was a ghastly one. The bedding,
walls and furniture were covered with
blood; the clothing of both the girl and
her companion was strewn about the
place, and the hprror of the scene was
heightened by the dramatic story of the
young woman who so narrowly escaped,
death.
The pistol used by the desperately In
fatuated man -was a weapon of bulldog
type, carrying a hea%T bullet. The one
which struck Miss O'Neil would have
pierced "her brain if It . had been aimed
half an Inch higher.
The wounded girl accepts the situation
Ilk© a stole. Her most serious fear was
that the wound would Injure her features.
The hospital surgeon assured the girl that
this would be obviated by the careful u>»
of the surgical Instruments. As she
awaited the operation the young woman
Impatiently said:
"It Is too bad. I know. If I had only
taken the warning of my folks this would
not have occurred. They told me that h»
would make trouble 1 for me. But I had
no Idea he would try to kill me. It was
only to have a quiet discussion that I
went to the room with him. and I did not
realize what was to occur until he be
gan to threaten me with the pistol.
"I never was at that place before, and
had no idea where he was taking; me."
Rejected Oakland Lover
Commits Desperate
Deed.
He Dies • Instantly
but She Will
Recover.
JEALOUS MAN
SHOOTS GIRL
AND HIMSELF
EMBASSADOR. CECOATE
• MAY SUCCEED GRIGGS
His Name Prominent Among' Those
, Mentioned forthe Office of
Attorney General.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6.-In Cabinet
gossip the latest Is that there is a strong
desire at the -White House to have Em
bassador Joseph H. Choate, If he Is in
clined, to surrender, his post In England,
return and become Attorney General.
Prefcident McKinlcy is giving serious
consideration to the selection of a suc
cessor- to Attorney General 1 ' Griggs. A
number of names have been considered.
Including those of Mr. Choate,, P. C.
Knox of Pittsburg, Solicitor General Rich
ards and Secretary of War Roo*
Official German Paper Wishes Wilhel-
CONGRATULATES - THE QUEEN.
mina Much Happiness.
BERLIN, Feb. 6.— The official • Relchs
zaneiger, in warmly congratulating Queen
Wllhelmina' on her approaching marriage,
says: "The German nation associates it
self with the Dutch people In the joyful
assurance that from this bond between
the two countries may spring unalloyed
happiness, both for the newly wedded pair
and The Netherlands. May the bond
formed by sincere attachment be a sym
bol of the growing friendship between two
peoples destined to live side by side."
BOXERS SLAY AND MUTILATE.
Japanese Soldiers.
Overcome a Party of British and
VICTORIA: B. C Feb. 6.— >?ot always
do the expeditions of the allies against
the Boxers, meet success, for according
to advices received by the Empress of
China to-day a small foraging expedition
of Japanese -and British were badly cut
up by Boxers on January 15, not far from
Shanhaikwan. The party, which num
bered ten or. twelve, started from Shan
haikwan on a foray and had arrived at
the village of ¦ • Lochunton. three miles
from Shanhaikwan, when it was attacked
by a band of 300 Boxers. The British and
Japanese made a running fight .of it. Five
of the Japanese managed to get back to
the camp at Shanhaikwan that, night and
another very • badly wounded man was
brought in after nightfall by Chinese.
The remainder of ;the party. were killed
and their bodies .were horribly mutilated*
Two companies were sent against the'vil
lage to punish the Boxers for the attack..
About Peking quite a number of brushes
with the Boxers occurred in the first two
weeks of January. Irt one of the expedi
tions Lieutenant McPherson did a brave
act. He outdistanced his men while lead-
Ing them 'against" a" temple, and. scaling
the .wall, found himself alone/. He backed
up against^ the; wall and kept the' Boxers
at bay until help arrived. Two were killed
with his revolver,- but as he'was out of
ammunition he must have been killed had
his men not arrived just in time. .
tish soldier belonging: to one of the Brit
ish posts at Peking was killed a few days
eg-o by the Germans' when the latter were
raJdlng a Chinese settlement. According
to Hongkong advices, the Scotchman,
whose name was Carness, was dressed In
citizens' clothing and had been wander
ing aimlessly about the city. The Ger
man soldiers made the raid to punish
font robbers who had burned a house
rear the German camp and murdered the
Inmates. The Germans were-Elaylngr right
And left, determined to leaye a lasting Im
pression against the stealing propensities
of the natl\-es.
Carness started to run away from the
scene and was ordered by the officer in
charge to halt. He kept on running
and a balf-dozen Ehots were sent after
him by the Germans. Later he was
ricked up quite dead and conveyed to the
Rrittsh headquarters.
An Investigation wa»< made and the Ger
man? were found blamable, although no
official action could be taker
VANCOUVER. B. C. Feb. €.— A Scot-
KILLED BY GERMAN SOLDIERS.
VICTORIA. B. C. Fob. C— Captain W.
A. Watts-Jone?, the British officer of the
Royal Engineers who was entrusted with*
en Important mission to Central and
TVeetern China by the British Govern
ment and who has been missing so long
has been accounted for. Advices have
Just reached Peking in letters to Captain
"XVir.gate . from, a reliable source that
Watts-Jones and his Chinese were mas
sacred near, the borders of Mongolia, at a
point where the roads from Turkestan
p.r.d Thibet for Peking cross, about 250
rr.ltes from Peking and known as Kwclha-
Cher.g or Kuku-Photo.
Captain Watts-Jones and his unfortun
ate companions were slain in a horrible
manner. The Chinese who' seized them
tortured them Inhumanly for three or four
<!aye, mutilating and burning:, piece by
piece, until death released them from the
fienfls. Grant Birch, who accompanied
Captain Watts-Jones through Central
China on part of the Journey, was
drowned in crossing the Yellow River and
the captain had pushed on alone with the
Chinese.
SUCCUMB TO AWFUL TORTURE.
¦fr ! : «K
THE HAGUE. Feb. 6,— The wed
ding eve of Queen Wilhelmina and
Duke Henry of Mecklenburg-
Schwerin shows a winter carnival
holding sway over The Hague. It is an
ideal evening, clear and cold. Already
100,000 Hollanders, with many foreigners,
have been added to the city's population
and trains from many parts of this an
cient kingdom are bringing thousands
more. People are marching about or in
carriages, singing or playing the national
anthem. Wherever a band is heard they
take up the hymns "Wilhelmus Van Nas
sau" and "Wien Neer Lands Bloed." Ev
erywhere are singing societies in uniform
and wearing medals, sober looking Dutch
men who chant solemnly, officials and
prominent visitor*". Groups of young men
and women costumed In -white and orange
and In other bright colors are parading
about singing and making fun with the
crowds as in the MardI Gras. The tri
colored flags of Holland, the house of
Orange, are everywhere displayed, with
an occasional light blue banner of Meck
lenburg-.
Orange paper lanterns hanging among
the fir trees which line the main streets
and looking like big clusters of oranges
throw light over the decorations. Every
man and woman wears an oraHge rosette
with a picture of the bride. Some, though
these are few, display also a portrait of
the bridegroom. -
Queen Wllhelmina dined at the palace
this evening with Duke Henry and the
families of the two. Occasionally she ap
pears at an upper window to bow in re
sponse to some serenading party.
A striking feature of the festivities is
their democratic atmosphere. There are
no cordons of policemen or soldiers to
hold back the crowds. There are no
swarms of detectives. There is no talk of
anarchists.
The Queen and Duke Henry have spent
a large part of the week thus far in driv
ing about' the city In order to give the
¦people a chance to see them. During the
afternoon to-day they rode out a few
miles along snow-covered roads to Fix
hing. a village, where a fisheries exhibi
tion Is being held. They went In one of
the state carriages, which was drawn by
four horses. Her Majesty, who wore a
red and gold cloak and furs, carried a
big bouquet of white flowers tied -with
orange ribbons. The Duke was arrayed
in the uniform of a Dutch admiral. The
Queen Mother and the mother of the
Duke, with several ladles of tbe court
and a few officers, followed [n carriages.
The Queen's constant escort Is twelve
young noblemen, riding bay horses with
white Faddles and wearing maroon
uniforms primmed with black fur. W her- T
ever the royal cortege appears the people
good naturedly clear tne way. "When the
crowds are thick policemen and others
clasp hands and form a line to keep .them
back.
The Queen bows and smiles with gen
uine youthful enjoyment. The Duke Is
considered ' cold, however. and looks
bored. He raises his hands stiffly in mili
tary salute. His friends say the truth
is that he Is exceedingly shy and, being
only Ci years of age, Js greatly embar
rassed by his prominence.
The programme for to-morrow Is as fol
lows: At 1:15 a. m. the Minister of Justice
and the witnesses of the marriage will as
semble In the white room of the palace.
At 11:30 a. m. the civil marriage will oc
cur In the presence of the nearest rela
tives. After that the royal party will
proceed to the ' church in procession.
'After the religious service the royal party
will return in procession to the palace,
where Queen Wilhelmlna will hold court
and receive the. congratulations of others
than members of the royal family and
representatives of the royal families.
At 1:30 p. m. there will be a gala
luncheon and at 4:15 p. m. the couple will
depart on their honeymoon, which is to
last a. fortnight. It will be spent at the
royal country seat known as Het Loo,
and on Us termination bride and bride
groom will go to Amsterdam, where a
number of receptions will be held. An
immense concourse of royal visitors Is ex
pected and not only will all the royal pal
aces at The Hague and in Its suburbs be
taxed to the utmost, but likewise every
room of the Hotel du Viex Doelen has
bern taken b.y the Queen for her wedding
week for the accommodation of her
guests. /fV^-*
The gowns of the Queen's trousseau are
mostly pale greens, grays, blues and
whiten, tliese suiting her blonde complex
ion •best- Her bonnets , arc of a severe
style for a young woman, most of them
being close fitting toques, instead of. the
broad brimmed hats worn by most girls.
For her public entering Into Amsterdam
her Majesty has a royai robe of white
velvet, with a train trimmed with ermine
and a mantle lined with ermine. At one
of the receptibns In Amsterdam after
honeymoon she will wear a gown of white
satin, embroidered around the hem and
bodice with a small tracery of orange
leaves and a court train of rich orange
velvet lined with white silk. She has an
outdoor crown of delicate gray, combined
with white and pale blue, "scarcely show
ing embroidered steel arnrf silver sequins.
With this goes a large hat. She has also
a soft hunting costume, of dark bottle
green, unornamented. and another of
trimmed cloth applique. There is a walk-
Ing dress of dark green with gold threads
and another of green mignonette cloth,
combined with white. The Queen has four
plain riding habits.
BEAUTIFUL WEDDING DRESS.
It Will • Bs the Most Magnificent
Bridal Robe of Modern Times.
THE HAGUE. Feb. 6.— Queen Wilhel
mlna's wedding dress, fs of course, a mat
ter of supreme interest in connection with
the happy occasion, and few have enjoyed
the privilege of seeing what will be per
haps the most magnificent bridal robe of
modern times. It has been designed by
Messrs. Nicaud of Paris, and meantime
the marvelous embroideries, which will
constitute one of its most notable fea
tures, are being executed in the Royai
School of Art Needlework, in conjunction
with the Rljks Museum of Amsterdam.
This Institution follows closely the model
of .a. similar school at South Kensington
and is directed by Mme. Van Emstede
Winkler. a lady who Is a practical worker
herself. She has selected her eight or nine
most highly skilled students, one of whom.
Mrs. Tue Laer, the only American woman',
and for some weeks past the ladles have
all been continuously employed upon their
beautiful task.
The entire dress itself is to be of cloth
of silver, so exquisitely supple and fine in
texture that It suggests those Indian mus
lins of our grandmothers which "could be
pulled through a ring." It has been es
pecially woven and naturally at a great
cost. It will be made uo over the richest
white glace silk, and the bright shimmer
of the tissue is even »>nhancsd thus. The
whole front of the jupe will be worked In
a tapering design, harmonizing with the
train, broad at the hem and narrowing to
ward the waist. The full court train of
two and a half meters on the ground falls
from the -waist and Is surrounded by two
broad bands of the embroidery. The gen
eral idea of this Is detached sprays of
orange blossom and their foliage con
nected in artistic style by scrolls and rib
bons. Each of the clusters of the flowers
has a single fully opened bloom, and Is
surrounded by buds more or less devel
oped. F2ne seed oeaiis are being- used
for these, while the foliage is indicated by
silver threads and paillettes.
In addition to the pearls and paillettes
no fewer than six kinds of silver bullion
twist are employed to produce the differ
ent effects required and most of tha Intel-
lacinc ribbon suggested is highly raised.
or, in technical form, "couched." The
embroidery is worked upon tl.e silver tis
sue and the white silk foundation as well,
thus imparting to- it richness as well as
flirr.ness. No work Is to appecr upon the
bodice, which, according to Dutch custom
for a state wedding, will be cut low. It
is to be draped with. Brussels laeo, "of
which the Queen possesses an extremely
valuable collection. bo:h of antique an.1
modern examples, and the veil will be of
the same lovely order. It Is Impossible
to imagine a dress more regally appro
priate for the wear c! the fair Queen
bride. The Queen's mother will wear at
the ceremony a dress of a beautiful tono
of heliotrope velvet, the bodice draped
with lace and •mousseline" de sole. "
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 6.— Cuba is the
most serious question, now before: the
Government. It is the one question which
may cause an extra session of Congress.
All other questions can be disposed of by
the present Congress or can wait until
the regular session of the next Congress
in December. There have been many pro
tests by Senators . a"nd Representatives
against an extra session, but the Presi
dent sees danger in delay. The constitu
tional convention in Cuba is rapidly draw
ing near its adjournment when It will
present the product of Us work to this
Government for approval.'
The President insists that this Govern
ment should not keep Cuba waiting for a
verdict. The United States, as liberator
of Cuba, must be prepa'red to deal frank
ly with the new republic because. of the
relations it must bear from now on for
all time to this country. Congress, by its
sentimental gush over .independence for
Cuba two years ago. made it practically
impossible for the President to ac«t alone
In this matter. Congress must- share re
sponsibility with the executive of saying
whether or not the Cuban- constitution
meets with the approval of the United
This question is regarded as more seri
ous than that of subsidy bills, appropria
tion bills or civil government for the Phil
ippines. It is a crisis t in Cuban .affairs.
It is as great as the crisis three years ago
when Cuba was fighting for independence
and the TTnlted States Intervened to drive
Spain from the island. It is a crisis
which demands immediate attention after
thn con vert^iorr in I iavana- ; -aa ' afibpte d~a
constitution. It is to -be the birth" of, the
republic for which thrts Government
stands sponsor, and the President insists
the responsibility is -so great that Con
gress should meet in extra session to ap
prove or disapprove of that constitution.
If is one question the -President looks
upon as grave enough to justify an extra
session. He may not call an extra ses
sion, but is prepared to do so 'and will
do so if the Cuban constitution is sent
to Washington within the next two
months. I
It Is not a question as to whether that
constitution meets with the President's
approval or not. It is not a question
whether {he Cuban convention recognizes
any relations with the United States or
not. He will call Congress together to
act upon the constitution, whatever it
may be. The President has been frank
with Senators and Representatives who
have discussed the question of an extra
session with him. He has told them that
Congress must act with the executive
upon this question of the Cuban republic.
He is not disposed to find fault with the
pledges made by Congress in the Cuban
resolution of April. 1S9S. He approved
these resolutions at the time, and acted
upon them in using the army and navy
for forcible intervention in Cuban affairs.
A new feature of the Cuban question
has now come to issue. It is what limita
tions, if any. phall be put upon the Inde
pendence of the Cuban republic. Con
gress must decide whether the constitu
tion of Cuba justifies this Government in
withdrawing its troops. and leaving the
child it has taken from its old parents
to stand alone and shoulder all the conse
quences and responsibilities of indepen
dence. The. President believes it unwise
to delay action or adopt expedients. He
believes the relations of Cuha to the
United States should not be fixed. His
expression is: "We are to make our bed,
and we should ree that it is one on which
we can lie."
Extra Session to Consider
the. Constitution ol the
New Republic.
President Submits a
Moot Point to
. Congress.
MUST DECIDE
AT ONCE UPON
CUBA'S RULE
TOPEKA. Kans., Feb. 6.-Ch!ef of Po
lice Stahl and Sheriff Cook went around
to the keepers «if the joints last night and
insisted that they close until the Nation
excitement blows over. The jointists prom
ised, but to-night they arc open as wide
as *»ver. Mrs. Nation announces that she
has some plans for future action which
will make the jointists remember that she
i« still in th» city. but. of course, she
dr>«»s not ilivulpe tbem.
Mrs. Nation spent mo?t of the day in
visiting the different Jail* of the city and
rraying and talking with the inmates.
The "drunk" prisoners were the objects
nf her especial solicitude, end she talked
to them all in a motherly fashion. Some
of them sobbed while she exhorted them
to live a better life and many of them
promised that in the future they would
not drink ar.y more liquor.
The Korr.e Defender?, which is the or
ganization formed by Mrs. Nation, held
*r,oiher secret meeting to-day to which
no one but members would be admitted.
Mrs. Nation received some curious let
ters and telesrainsj but now she is receiv
ing hatchets of many different makes. A
man in Junction City. Kans.. sent her a
hatchet to-day with many contrivances
on it which w'll tend to make it a dan
cerous weapon for the joint-smashing
business. ,
A special from Arkansas City. Kans.,
rays: The conservatlx-c ministers of the
city are having a. hard time to keep some
of the citizens of this city from raiding
The joints. A committee of ministers vis
ited the Mayor this evening- and insisted
that he close the joints. He promised to
take the matter under advisement. In
the meantime the Jointistr, have all their
••¦4i!teaT)tS ~Rxl JT'PS removed or "boarded up.
A special from Corcordia. Kans.. says:
This city i« dry again. The six jointlsts
who have been paying monthly fines of
SI**) each to the city refused to pay to
day, ar.d all closed up their saloons as a
result.
A "Wichita special says: Several -women
brought hatchets here this afternoon, and
a raid on the saloons is expected to take
place In the early morning. Thirty
guards, with deputy Fheriffs' commissions,
ere watching' the saloons to-night.
CHICAGO SALOONS SAFE.
Peaceful Mission.
Mrs. Nation Goes to "Windy City on a
CHICAGO. Feb. 6.— Arrangements were
«~Tnpleted to-day t>y the Press Club of
Chi>-apo and Mr?. Nation"s representative,
whereby she will lecture at the Audito
rium next Tuesday under the auspices of
iY* Press Club.
Mrs. Nation's visit, according 1 to her
friends, will be a peaceful one, as she
«rtH not undertake to destroy any saloons
in Chicago. Her coming to Chicago, it Is
*£sertp<3, ip merely to place the situation
In Kansas before the people and to ask
aid In the FupprcsFion of the liquor traffic
in Kansas.
Promise Smasher
That They Will
Reform.
Crusade Plans Attacks on
"Joints" and Receives
Many Hatchets.
DRUNKARDS
SOB AND MRS.
NATION TALKS
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1901.
States.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.well in the district. - Mr. Robert, however,
made no definite charge, having only a
suspicion upon which to base his opinion.
"While you were on a tour of inspection
of Chinatown with the Police Commis
sioners did you discuss with Chinese the
proposition of having gamblers in the dis
trict pay $3000 a menth for immunity?"
"I did not, sir," was the reply.
"Did any one else make such a proposi
tion?"
"Not to my knowledge, sir."
"Do you know whether or not Chinese
were warned of raids to be made by Cap
tain "Wittman?"
"I do not know that any such warnings
were ever given."
"During your occupancy of the position
of Chief of Police Uid you-ever. receive an
intimation from any of the Chinese gam
blers that they were being blackmailed by
members of the department?" »
"No such intimation was ever made to
me." replied the Chief.
"By whose orders were the Immoral
women of Chlnatow.i. forced to move from
the lower floor of buildings?"
"By my orders alone. When lottery and
gambling dens wort forced to obey the
same orders their number decreased one
third." ; _¦"¦:'.•'- :•'-
"Can you take the committee through
Chinatown and without the aid of Cap
tain WIttman's list point out the lottery
agencies and gambling houses?"
"I cannot. I am able only to show you
where are the clubs."
"When you issue an order for a raid do
your captains know of your order?"
"Certainly, as soon as the order Is Is
sued." ¦;
"Have 1 ycu ever tried the experiment of
making a raid without letting your cap
tains know of It?"
"No, sir, I never have."
The investigation was again leading
toward Wlttman, who eits in the court
room uneasy, unhappy, twirling his mus
tache and trying with lamentable auc
cess to look unconcerned.
"Where does Wittman keep himself?"
Webber asked.
"His office is in thlfc hall."
"How often Is he In Chinatown?"
"I do not know. He has been there
several times, with me."
The Investigation then turned to that
famous telephone message from Mayor
Phelan to Chief Sullivan. Webber went
fishing in an effort to discover where
Mayor Phelan was at that time, but the
endeavor was futile. Again Chief Sul
livan declared that the Mayor was In
most excellent humor.
"When you discovered that the pro
posed plan to license Chinese gambling
was contrary to the law what was done?"
asked Webber. H c ;
"The plan was v abandoned." was the re
ply. "And I was commanded to enforce
the law. The Police Commission had nev
er adopted the plan. They had simply
taken It under advisement and when Its
illegality was discovered It was aban
doned."
"You eald yesterday that all the news
papers were favorable to the plan with
the exception of the Examiner, which ob
jected to the gambling feature. Do you
know this of your own knowledge?"
"I do not know that of my own knowl
edge. I was told so by Commissioner
Newhall, who Informed me that the news
papers were willing to give the plan a
fair trial and not to hamper the commis
sion In its efforts." . v
The Inquiry then turned to a detailed
discussion of. the social evil and the rea
son of the Police Commission for tolerat
ing It In this city. In this discussion
Chief Sullivan had very much the best
of the argument- He showed that the
policy has been to tolerate what is be
lieved to. be a necessary evil and to im
prove the conditions under which it exists.
Mayor had not 'concluded when the hour
for adjournment arrived and he was tol<l
to be on hand again at 10 o'clock this
morning, which he promised to do. He
was led part of the time, by the question
ing of members of the commission. Part
of the time he had his own way and
volunteered several statements that were
not asked for. He began by telling his
name and the facts concerning his holding
office as Mayor. Thi3 was his third
term. Two terms were under the consoli
dation act and the present one under the
new charter. The powers he derived from
the charter, as related. to the Police De
partment, were to appoint the Board of
Police Commissioners and It was Incum
bent on him to see that the Police Com
missioners properly performed their duty.
He was also enabled, under the charter, to
make, recotnendations to the Police Com
missioners concerning their policy. He
could attend the meetings of the commis
sion and take part in discussion, but had
no vote. ' ;
"Did you offer any suggestions concern
ing appointments on the police force?"
asked Mr. Schillig.
• "I did not offer any suggestion concern
ing appointments, with i one exception,
which was in relation to the office of Chief
of Police. I recommended the appoint
ment of Chief Sullivan."
—Mayor Phelan then testified that, under
the charter, the executive sessions of the
Board of Police Commissioners were sup
posed to be secret. The Commissioners
were given sole control of the Police De
partment by the charter, but he did not
wish to hold out these, facts to keep
back any information
\'P° o?^ ou , g1ve tne Ch 'ef of Police his
policy?" asked Mr. Schillig.
"No.- The Commissioners should act in
dependently; but. if they have a bad
p< i!A? y ' 1 ou S ht to be present and object."
Then Mayor Phelan said that he had
thought about the Police Department con
siderably. He believed that there had
been attempts in Chinatown to corrupt
policemen and he believed there had been
corruption, but this he had only by report
and not by personal knowledge. He con
sidered that, since he heard of this cor
ruption, he had made radical changes In
the Police Department. In the first place
he had named a new Board of Police Com
missioners and he had also recommended
the appointment of a new Chief. He be
lieved the department to be on a better
footing than formerly, so far as corrup
tion was concerned.
"Why did you recommend Sullivan for
Chief?"
"Well, he had been my secretary and I
knew him. The recommendation was
made when there was a contest for the
place and a deadlock was on."
Dldn t you think there were good men
in the Police Department for the do
pJtion?"
"There was no such man that I was
aware of. In Sullivan I knew that I had
a man of Integrity. He had been In my
office and I - knew of . his methods
Honesty appeared to me to "be the first
requisite for the place, and ordinary ca
pacity to know the duties of the position
was the second consideration. I knew
that he had been in the National Guard
for a long ¦ period. . I was surprised,"
added the Mayor,. "to hear Chief Suflivan
testify that he had not read the Penal
Code, for we often had to consult it
when . he was in my office. I think that
he must have meant that he had not con
sidered It as a student or as a Jawyer "
The Mayor testified that, until he had
the responsibility of naming the Police
Commission, " he did . not have any very
Intimate knowledge of the affairs of the
Police Department. Probably there were
men In the department who were quali
fied to be appointed as Chief, but he did
not know them. While he had studied
law fjor two years once, it was from the
historical side and concerning the under
lying principles. Ho had a general knowl
edge of the Penal Code. The sections
concerning which the commission had In
quired had never been called, to. his notice
by any citizen. No one haa ever nsked
him to attend to the enforcement of an
ordinance concerning vice and crime, not
even a clergyman. . Certainly, It was the
duty of the Police Department to tarry
"I do. not think so."
"There are gambling dens In this prop
erty,, are there not?"
"Not that I know of. There Is a house
of ill-fame in one of the buildings."
"Do you know the house 703 Pacific
street?"
"Yf \ That is In the Sullivan property."
"Do you kmAv that it Is a lottery
place?"
"I do not."
"Do you know that the Sullivan prop
erty has been condemned by the Board of
Health?"
"I know that it has not been; the
plumbing has been condemned." / "
"Have any arrests been made on the
property?"
"I do not know."
"Do you think the Mayor knows of the
vice being conducted In his brother-in
law's building?"
"I do not know."
"Do you think he would suppress It. If
he knew It?" .
; "I do not know."
"Do you think Sullivan knows of this
vice?"
"I have not the slightest idea."
"How many men would you need to de
stroy gambling in the Chinese quarter?"
"Between 300 and 400 men."
' "How many patrolmen are there In the
City?" \
"There arc 505 men."
"How many Sn Chinatown?"
"Between six and eight men."
"Where is the principal defect In sup
pressing Chinese gambling in this city?"
"The principal defect Is the difficulty In
securing evidence. In most contested
cases there Is an acquittal on this ground."
"Did- Chinese a"t any time make an ac
cusation against Officers Young and Sam
uels?" . • .
"Such charges were made," was the
answer. "The officers were tried by the
Police Commission and were exonerated."
"Were accusations ever made to you
against Sereeant Brophy?"
"No charges, were ever made against
him," was the reply.
"Do you know Ho Yow, Chinese Consul
General?" •
"I do."
"Did you not visit him and did he not
directly accuse Sergeant Mahoney of cor
ruption in Chinatown?"
"Ho Yow never made any such charges
to me."
"Did Captain Seymour tell you any
thing?"
"He did not." ~ .-,-'-.;
"Did any one ever ask you to rescind
your order forcing gamblers up from the
ground floor?"
"Yes; several persons asked me to do
so. Among them were Attorneys Joseph
Coffey and Keough and John H. Wise, ex-
Collector of the Port."
"In your efforts to suppress Chinese
gambling have you ever tried to learn
who are the owners of the property in
which games are conducted? 1 .'
"I have not."
"Don't you know that the Penal Code
makes It an offense to rent property for
gambling purposes and that, knowing
this, you could go after the owners?"
"I have never gone after them."
A running nre of questions relative to
State laws on gambling and social evll3
was- then -mado by Assemblyman Laird.
Chief Sullivan showed himself rather hazy
on these questions, none of wh'lch, how
ever,'were of particular Importance In ref
erence to the purpose of the inquiry. The
questioner did not seem to understand
that It has been the policy of the police
.for many years to tolerate social vie© as
long as It does not become offensive to
the general public and submits to regula
tion. Webber" also took a hand In 1 the
affair, and with that unfairness which
seems to characterize his part of the ex
amination he made matters worse. Chief
Sullivan was then excused from the wit
ness stand.
PHELAN EXPATIATES
ON POLICE CORRUPTION
Explains Why He Secured Election of
Sullivan, Who Admittedly Was
Not Exparienced.
* Mayor Phelan had two spells on the wit
ness '. stand, being , Interrupted ; In his ..tes
timony by the* desire .'of ' the commission
to put Police Captain Seymour on. The
The plan of the commission was not only
to. license but to regulate so as to protect
pubic health.
Then came again tho discussion of
remedial laws In reference to Chinese
gambling.
"You think," asked Webber, "that if we
were to modify the laws of incorporation,
you could suppress gambling in China
town?" •
"I believe," was the reply, "that if the
laws of incorporation ¦were modified we
would be very greatly assisted."
"Do you know Attorney Coffey?"
"I do."
"Has he ever been your representative
In Chinatown?"
"He has not."
"Iras he ever conducted negotiations
with Chinese for you?v
"No," was the emphatic reply. ,
"Has he ever received -any fee?"
"Not to 1 my knowledge."
GAMBLERS HERALDED
POLICE PROTECTION
Chief Sullivan Gives a Peculiar Rea-
son for Removing Officer Upon
Whom Suspicion Rested.
Back again to .the Phelan plan of li
censing crime the committee went, but
very little of Importance was elicited. It
was developed that the consent of the
Police Judges had not been secured for the
plan, and even If the commission had
reached a conclusion the acceptance of
the Police Judges would still have been
necessary.
"When the Illegality of the proposed
Phelan plan was discovered," asked
Knowland, ""did you and Mayor Phelan
or you and any member of the Police
Commission enter into any private agree
ment to carry the plan into effect?"
"No, sir; absolutely no. such agreement
was ever made."
"Did Dent Robert and Thomas Williams
of the Examiner ever make any direct
charges to you against Sergeant Ma
honey of the Chinatown squad t"
"They, did not. They declared their be
lief that things were not right with the
Chinatown squad, but no direct charges
were made."
"Why did you remove Sergeant Shea
from the Chinese district?" • . .
"Because he requested me to do so.'/
"Was there no other reason?"
"Absolutely none,"
"Have you ever removed any officer
from the Chinese district?"
"I have. I have removed- Sergeant Ma
honey because I believed that he was not
as activo as he should have been in his
duties. He was lax and I removed him.
I had no other evidence than my own
observation. - I do not believe that he
was levying blackmail. As far as I am
concerned 1 do not believe that he was
dishonest. There was a suspicion, . of
course, that because he was -not active
there might be dishonesty, but Mahoney
has been in the department many years,
has an excellent record and I had nothing
to show that he would jeopardize it."
"But you removed him because of the
vague attack of -Examiner representa
tives, did you not?"
"I believed the Examiner was ¦ sincere.
It was then friendly to the department-"
"Since you have had differences with It
you believe now that It Is insincere?"
"I simply share a general public opin
ion In that regard," was the answer. -
"Are there any papers in San Francisco
which are sincere?
"I will have to refer you to the pro
prietors," was the Chiefs reply.
"Do you know that Chinese bulletins
were posted in i the Chinese quarter/ an
nouncing that persons could visit > gam
bling games without fear of police Inter
ference?" -y
"I do not know the fact. This Is the
first -I. have heard of it."
"Do you know Frank J. Sullivan?"
"I do." .
"Relative of yours?"
. "I regret to say • he is not. . He - is a
brother-in-law of Mayor Phelan."
"He owns property In Chinatown In the
square bounded by Stockton, Dupont, Pa
cific and Jackson streets, does he not?"
.; "He does." " 7
"This property Is (among the foulest In
the Chinese district. Is It not?"
LEADING FIGURES IN THE POLICE INVESTIGATION,
out the provisions of the Penal Code ant
the ordinances of th»» city, whether anj
one requested It or not. He dM no
know any reason why there had been i
failure to carry out these provisions.
MAYOR SAYS BRIBERY
IS IN THE VERY ALB
Insists That Chinese Are Extremely
Cunning and Take the Initia
tive in Tempting.
Concerning the treatment nf gambllnff
houses and houses of prostitution, he
caid that there .had not been any plebis
cite or referendum on the part of the
citizens of San Francisco, and he. there
fore, considered that It would be difficult
to say what their wishes were. How
should any one know? It was like rumor3
of bribery— In the air.
The upper office of the Police Depart
ment consisted of the detectives and the
Chief. . He had heard the Chief testify
that the upper office consisted of the de
tectives. The Chief had been too modest
to include himself. He had talked over
the affairs of the department with the
Chief, and was convinced that there bad
been corruption, especially in Chinatown,
lie had a statement from ex-Chief Crow
ley that he had been offered from $3000
to J4000 per month If he would permit a
Chinese syndicate to name the China
town squad. He, the Mayor, knew that
the Chinese were bribers. If there had
been any wrongdoing going on In China
town it was safe to say" that some one
had been receiving" money.
' Soon after he received the statement
from Chief Crowley, that he had testified
to, a personal friend of the Mayor carna
to the city from San Jose and told him
that a Chinaman who had formerly
worked for* him and who had become tho
secretary of a Chinese society, had tele
phoned for him to come up to San Fran
cisco and had offered him $200 per month
for himself and had also offered to pay
any sum for the services of an attorney
if he would manage to secure Immunity
for the Chinese lawbreakers. The Mayor
conferred with the Police Commissioners
about that matter- He knew from the facts
he had mentioned that the Chinese would
take the initiative In bribery. He thought
that the Police Department needed over
hauling and recommended the appoint
ment of the present Chief for that rea
son.
"Do you think there has been any Im
provement In the lower ranks of the Po
lieo Department since you have been in
office?"
"I feel that there has. The personal
appearance of the men and their disci
pline has Improved."
The Mayor said that he did not per
sonally know of any gambling going on
in Chinatown, but he believed It to bo
going on every day and night In the
year. He presumed that the fault was In
the law of evidence and in the three
stout doors. . >- '¦ -¦•
"Are you responsible for this?
"I am in a measure responsible. I have
advised with the Board of Supervisors
about legislation. I have been advised
that such legislation would be of nw -val
idity. The doors they have In Chlna
tow'n are of wood, common house doors.
Any legislation that would apply to them
would apply to house doors."
The Mayor said he had not personally
visited the gambling houses of the city.
He went to. a Chinese gambling house
about three months ago and found no Im
pediment to entrance. The Chinese were
not gambling but were seated around a
table. At another place the doors wero
shut. He was Informed by an officer who
accompanied him that .gambling waa
probably going on Inside, but he did not
go there to arrest any on©.
"What is your remedy for these evils?"
asked Mr. Schilllg. .
Tho Mayor answered that this Involved
questions of constitutionality. In France
the size of houses and their height Is reg
ulated by law. Possibly the California
Legislature would amend the law of evi
dence as to what should constitute proof
of the existence of a gambling house. The
present outfit of a Chinese gambling
house consisted of a common, plain table
and some beans. Uncooked beans were
no evidence of gambling, but with. beans
the Chinese played fantan. There had
been arrests, but the courts have held
that beans and a table did not constitute
evidence of gambling and had thrown the
cases out of court. If the police drove
fantan out of the gambling houses it
would be played In the Chinese wash
houses. The Mayor did not believe that
any white men were gambling at Chinese
games, with the exception of Chinese lot
teries. The only injury done by fantan
was to the Chinese. The morality of the
Chinese had not received much attention
when there was such an abundance of
people on the outside calling for atten
tion. The ownership of the houses In
Chinatown had been discussed and It had
been ascertained that they were princi
pally owned by foreigners and non-resi
dents.
PI»EA FOB THE PLAN
OF LICENSED CRIME
Other Cities and Takes Fling
at the Press.;
His Honor Describes Experience cf
The Mayor took a shy at the news
papers and* said that they were shielding
the white gamblers. They wero printing
the lists of the lottery drawings. Some
time ago it was proposed to arrest the
proprietors of. the papers for this. They
were conferred with, but said that they
were gentlemen and did not wish to be
arrested . and . put in jail to consort • with
gamblers and prostitutes. They suggested
that a newsboy be arrested to . make a
test case, . The case was thrown out of
court. In view of ' that experience fair
The legislative investigation of the Police Department of this
city Zi'as resumed yesterday and although the testimony was of pub
lic interest absolutely nothing lias yet been developed to support a
charge that corruption exists in the department in reference to Chi
nese affairs. Chief of Police Sullivan placed himself in a most em
barrassing position by denying the truth of a recital of an incident
to the truth of which Captain Seymour subsequently testified.
Maxor Phelan teas also on the zntness stand and related rvhat
he thinks he knozvs of police affairs and things in general. lie be-
Heirs that the department is pure and if it is not. it should be made so.
The inquiry zrill be resumed this morning.
CHASING SHAIX>WS OF
POLICE •RT.Arrrr-M-ATT.
Investigators Fish Again and Again
in Captain Wittman*s Direction,
but Without Eesult.
When the Investigating committee met
yesterday morning Webber was again
i&te. He seems to think that late arrivals
are fashionable. Chief Sullivan was at
ence summoned to the stand and present
ed the Wlttman list cf white and Asiatic
houses of -evil name and also of Chinese
gambling houses. The list was formi
dable If not exhaustive, the credit which
WHtmsin claim- for It.
Chief Sullivan wa« given permission to
change bis testimony of the day before
end to tell the committee that while Ser
geant Malioney was Jn charge of the
Chinatown squad complaint was made by
Kobert of the Exaxninw that all was not
Plaj might have been expected. The
..layer saic! that he wished, then and
there, to give notice that he would have
the proprietor of .-my newspaper publish
ing a lottery drawing in the future ar
rested, and ho would have him prose
cuted umier the State and the Federal
laws. ......
The Mayor. a!so testified that he had
considered th*» Pittsburg plan and tfca:
he had corrcspondtd with the Mayors of
Seattle and Plttsburg. He read the letter
from the Mayor of Seattle. In that epistle
the Seattle city executive wrote that it
was not in the power of any man, as ;h»
world was constituted, to entirely abo'isli
gambling and prostitution. He had told
his constituents so when he was a candi
date for .election, and had also said to
them that If they expected their Mayor
to accomplish any sucn thing they wc>uM
do well to look for another man. If Christ
were on earth the evils could not be whol
ly eradicated. But every gambling hou.->e
In Seattle was put under surveillance .
There were no gambling games going on
in saloons. Prostitutes were compelled t>
pay a regular ftne whenever they were
arrested. There was no grafting goiiv.j
on. The fines for the past year collected
from gamblers and prostitutes approxi
mated 130.000.
Alayor Phelan answered a question
silked bv on* of the commission that ho
expected to collect' lines by the ordinary
machinery- of the law. I'nder the old sys
tem there were ugly stories of mear.3 t>
evade arrest. Under the present plan ev
ery offender was to be arrested. Ho sup
posed a large force of police would be
needed to do tho business. There were*
to be no exceptions. When this plan was
proposed the great Journals of light of
tfan Francisco, the daily papers, had been
consulted. Their proprietors, like practi
cal men. had said that It was a good
thing. There was one exception, tho
Morning Examiner, wh!ch had moral
scruples against gambling, but not th«*
slightest sc-uple against prostitution.
The plan, he reiterated, was to arrest
every offender. Then these people coulil
ccme and make their resistance. No ono
had been sent to inquire whether they
would consent to the plan.
"I gave an authorized interview." said
the Mayor, "even to the Examiner. writ-
Ing it cut myself, that I might be correct
ly reported on that point."
"I have talked about the enforcement
of the law by the police. I suppose they
are enforcing It. If they do not I will be
called upon to net."
The Mayor acknowledged that an Inter
view purporting to bo had with him had
been correctly reported In the Examiner on
January 17. He then alluded to the caso
of "a man who was shaken down In the
Palace Hotel.,", as he expressed It anrt
who was made to give up money that did
not belong- to him. although there was no
process under which he was then held.
For this work he gave the credit to "an
attorney named Pillsbury," who advised
that that was the only practical way to
get anything.
The Mayor testified also that he was not
aware that any compromise had been
made under the present plan of procedure
against gamblers and prostitutes. He did
not believe that there had been any com
promise. . ¦ - ' •
Commissioner Laird asked whether the
Chief had the power to make appoint-
He considered the Police Department to
be novr above reproach. He had heard
that certain parties were raising $2000 per
week for a corruption fund. If that was
true he would Ilka to know of it.
Chief Sullivan Is Impeached Before Assembly Inquisitors; -by the Testimony of Captain Seymour
. in Reference to Chinese Blackmail— Mayor Phelan Discpurses on the Corruption Alleged
to Be Existing Among the Force and Makes Some Suggestions as to Possible Remedies
TESTIMONY OF A SENSATIONAL CHARACTER BROUGHT
OUT AT THE POLICE DEPARTMENT INVESTIGATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1901.
Continued on Page Four.
2
CHIEF OF POLICE WILLIAM
P. SULLIVAN JR. has forc-3
himself into a ir.ost compromising
and unfortunate position. He
stands Impeached before the leg
islative Inrestteatora who are
probing the affairs and policy <>I
the Police Department. He has ev.orn to
Fomething which Captain Soymcur swore
v.as r.ot true, and Sulllvaa'a testlmonv,
given yesterday before the inquisltorp. has
been flatly contradicted by the Captain o'
Detectives.
• Chief Sullivan's predicament pocmn
doubly strange from the fact that he ap
peared to bo telling what he knew with
transparent honesty. He sf>cme<l inclined
to disguise no circumstance of importance
nor to shield any one. hut the fact re
mains that his testimony shows him to b<?
l&mer.tably lacking in memory or one
who did not tell the truth. And stranger
still i? the fact that the incident of which
hf said he knew nothin;r had no material
•bearing on the primary purpose cf the in
vestigation.
While there was much of incidental in
t*rest in the general inquiry yesterday,
most attention ¦was naturally given to
Chief of Police Sullivan, and the predica
ment in which voluntarily* he has placed
himself. The incidents which resulted in
his discomfiture are of ' moment While
Sergeant Mahoney was in charge of the
Chinatown squad Ho Yow, the Chin. *?c
Consul General, asked and received an in
terview with Captain Seymour of the Po
lite Department. • ' -~
At that Interview Ho Tow told Captain
Seymour that four notorious Chinese
L-laekmailers were demanding money froc:
coolie gamblers on the representation that
it was to be paid as hush meney to th-i
police. Ho Tow declared that he had no
evidence whatever to prove that the po
lice received the moi:pv a;-d he conceive 1
it to be his duty to inform the police for
their own protection, pledging Captain
Seymour to consider the interview a?
strictly confidential. Seymour promised
to do so. asking, however, that he be per
mitted to give the information to Chie'
Sullivan, also with the same limitation of
conf.der.ee.
When Chief Sullivan wes on the stand
yesterday he was a*ked if Captain Sey
mour had ever had a conversation of any
fort relating to Chinese Rambling with
him. Chief Sullivan <jfnic-d emphatically
and repeatedly that Seymour had ever
discussed the subject v.ith him. The r.amo
of Ho Yow was mentioned to refresh the
memory of the Chief. l#ut asain he denied
the alleged interview. Captain Seymour
then took the stand and after securing
permission from Ho Tow told the entire
conversation and added that he had re
lated to Chief of Police Sullivan all that
had been said. This start'ing contradic
tion of the testimony of Chief Sullivan
created the sensation ot the day.
Chief Sullivan was on the witness stand
during the .entire morning session and for
part of that of the afternoon. Ho was
much more self possessed yesterday thaii
on the previous day, but he seemed to be
more eagw to protect the officers of the
department than he had boon the day be
fore. He resented the slightest insinua
tion of th« possibility of police corruption
in Chinatown, and when th« investigators
led gently and gingerly tow.ird VYittman
«he Chief balked. He passed an unpleas
ant half hour in a discussion nf the prop
erty owned in Chinatown by Frank J. Sul
livan. Jjother-in-law of the Mayor, and
Ftumbled in trying to explain to Assem
blyman Laird why he had not enforced
the laws against gambling and the social
•evil which are now upon the statute
books.
He was then excused and the courtroom
rustled In anticipation when the name of
Mayor Phelan was called as the next wit
ness. His Honor was diplomatic, cau
tious, alert and sarcastic. He took his
customary fling at the newspapers and
committed the blunder of Chief Sullivan
in Baying- that the newspapers Indorsed
tho plan to license gamblers add social
outcasts. Ills Honor has evidently not
yet learned that hearsay testimony la
wort hJ ess.
He outlined the powers which the char
ter gives him over the Police Department
nnd made the remarkable assertion that
vhen he Insisted upon the election of Sul
livan as Chief of Police he knew of no
one In the department whose ability made
him an object of serious consideration foi
the place. Mayor Phelan also took occa
sion to denounce the Police Department as
corrupt before he assumed direction and
to praise it as pure since he has. He re
lated instances of Chinese cunning and
attempted bribery and offered various
huggeEtlons for the improvement of police
administration through it modification ol
Slate laws. He was then excused until
this mornlns 1 at lfl oVlorlf
To Cure toe Grip in Two Days
Laxative Bromo-Quinlne removes the cause.*
To Cure a Cold in One Bay.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If it falls to cure.
E.W. Grove' ¦ signature Is on each box., 25a. *
ADVEBTISEM2ITTS.
A CAUSE OF HEADACHE.
One Very Common Cause, Generally
Overlooked.
Headache is a symptom, an Indication
of derangement or disease in some organ,
and the cause of the headache ia difficult
to locate because so many diseases have
headache as a prominent symptom: de-
rangement of the stomach and liver, heart
trouble, kidney disease, luns trouble, eye
strain or 111-nttlng glasses all produce
headaches, and If we could always locate
the organ which Is at fault the cure of
obstinate headaches would be a much
simpler matter.
However, for that form of heaaachn
called frontal headache, pain back of the
,eyes and in forehead, the cause is now
known to be catarrh of the head and
throat: when the headache Is located In
back of head and neck It Is often caused
from catarrh of the stomach or liver.
At any rate catarrh Is the most com-
mon cause or such headaches and th«
cure of the catarrh causes a prompt dis-
appearance o? the heada"ches.
There Is at present no. treatment for
catarrh so convenient and effective as
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, a new Internal
remedy In tablet form, composed of anti-
septics like Eucalyptol. Gualacol and
Blood Root, which act upon the blood and
cause the elimination of the catarrhal poi-
son from the system through the natural
channels.
Miss Cora Alnsley, a prominent school
teacher in one of our normal schools,
speaks of her experience with catarrhal
headaches and eulogizes Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets as a cure for them. She says:
"I suffered daily from severe frontal
headache and pain in and back of the
eyes, at times so Intensely as to Incapa-
citate me In my dally duties. I had suf-
fered from catarrh more or less for years,
but never thought It ¦was the cause of my
headaches, but finally became convinced
that such was the case, because the head-
aches were always worse whenever I had
a cold or fresh attack of catarrh-.
"Stuart's Catarrh Tablets were highly
recommended to me as a safe and pleas-
ant catarrh cure, and after using a few
BO-cent boxes which I procured from my
druggist. I was surprised and delighted
to find that both the catarrh and head-
aches had gone for. good."
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are scld by
druggists at fifty cents per package, un-
der the guarantee of. the proprietors that
they contain absolutely no cocaine (found
In so many catarrh cures), no opium (so
common In cheap cough cures), nor any
harmful drug. They contain simply tho
wholesome antiseptics necessary to de-
stroy and drive from the system' tho
germs of catarrhal disease.
WHEN TOTT ARE 'TTRKD OS* BEEtfO
humbugtred And pending large sum* of
money with phystciana who gives co.re!l«f. you
trill at last. If you deslra a care, be obl!g*d to -
1 dm Ui» VITAL RE3TOUATIVE treatment.
' which ts tbe only certain cure for weakening
. Srals*. lost power and physical decay.
Call or writ* for boob of special aci-.'ice: also
FR"E TRIAL BOTTLE, aad t» convinced. Ad.
dr»M p& COCPBJt A CO.. 113 Kearay it.. 6-g.Crown Claims Open to ' Miners.
SEATTLE, Feb. 6.— A special dispatch
from Dawson says that all mintng claims
held by the crown, including fractions,
with the exception of some in litigation
and others reserve'd for compensation,
will be thrown open ¦ for. staking- in Fob
ruary. Hereafter no crown reservations
of mining property are to be made In the*
Territory^
SENATE HEALTH COMMITTEE REPORTS QUARANTINE BILL FAVORABLY
Governor Gage's $100,000 Health Measure
Will Be Bitterlg Opposed.
PROMISE OF A LIVELY
FIGHT IN UPPER HOUSE
VOTES AGAINST POFTJLAB
ELECTION OT SENATORS
Senate Defies ths Sentiment of the
People, as Expressed at
the Polls.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 6.— Davis' Joint resolution
recommending to Congress that Senators
be provided for as are Presidential Elec
tors, which would open a way for their
election by the people, was beaten before
the Senate to-day. The measure was op
posed by Lukens and supported by Cut
ter, as well as Davis, who explained the
workings of the scheme. The method
was objected to and the form of the res
olution as well, and the propriety of the
idea, even In the face of a recent vote on
the. question by the people of the State,
in which, by an overwhelming majority-,
they declared themselves in favor of the
popular election of Senators. No dffer
of amendment was made, however, the
Senators just voting on the rollcall. The
vote stood 16 in favor of it to 14 against,
but 27 votes were necessary to carry it.
Corlett Introduces in the Senate a
Bill Aimed at Gambling in
Chinatown.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 6.— Corlett introduce* in
the Senate this afternoon two bills for
the regulation of gaming. One is aimed
at gambling in San Francisco's China
town by making it 'a misdemeanor to
rent a house to a tenant who intends to
use It for gaming purposes. The second
bill is a general act prohibiting gambling
and the operation of all percentage de
rices, including nlckel-ln-the-slot ma
chines.
Kelley introduced in the Assembly a
measure designed to straighten out the
registration tangle in Alameda County.
It empowers the County Clerk to employ
deputies for the registration of voters
who fail to register at the County Clerk's
office. • These deputies are allowed 15 cents
for each affidavit of registration.
The Assembly passed a bill appropriat
ing $20,000 for Its contingent fund to meet
the expenses of this session. The consti
tution was suspended and the bill given
Its three readings and passed by the As
sembly, and it was sent immediately to
the Senate, where It was passed in the
same manner.
r«* ¦ •
EDUCATION COMMITTEE
FAVOES "OMNIBUS BILL/'
will Report Measure Drafted by City
and County Superintendents'
Association.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 6.— The Assembly Commit
tee on State Hospitals and Asylums to
day made Important amendments to Ben
nink's bills appropriating money for the
Southern California State Hospital. The
bill appropriating $32,000 for an adminis
tration building is reported with the
recommendation that it do hot pas~:
the.j.Otfj appropriation for improvements
is cut to 5500); the JaO.OuO appropriation
<° T ™ a( S es ls cut lo S 20 - 000 - an « the bill
for JJ500 for a steam-heating plant is
recommended for passage
a Committee on Education
decided to-night to recommend for pas
sage the "omnibus bill" drafted by th.»
City and -County Superintendnts' Assoclai
The Assembly Committee on Irrigation
is working on an amalgamation of bills
framed to provide for the disorganization
of irrigation districts formed under the
Wright act. Stewart's bill, with amend
ments, probably will be recommended for
passage. f t s_
ASSEMBLY ADDS TO %
ITS CONTINGENT FUND
Its visit to the Veterans" Home in Napa
County. The sub-committee of the Ways
and Means Committee has a claim for
$133 60 for each of its three members,
amounting to $406 &0. for the trip to the
Southern California Institutions.
Assemblyman Duryea Presents a Bill
Shutting Off Mileage Al
- lowances.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 6.— The expense of junket
ing trips Is still a matter that Is arousing
comment in the Assembljr. Other resolu
tions in favor of such claims came in to
day and Duryea instituted a reform move
ment by the Introduction 2>C.a bill making
It illepal for more than three members of
a committee to go upon any trip to a
State institution and providing that only
actual and necessary expenses be allowed
them, instead of mileage.
The Committee en State Hospitals and
Asylums sent in a claim for $121 60 'mile
age for each member for its trip to the
Southern^ California State Hospital, tho
total claim being $1459 20. The sub-com
mittee of the Committee on Public Build
intrs and Grounds has a claim for $153 63
for its visit to the Chico State Normal
School, and the sub-committee of the
same committee demands $42 mileage for
ment Committee of the Senate this after
noon. The bill leaving Sacramento shorn
of one legislator was fa.vorably passed
upon by the committee, and to-morrow
it will be recommended for passage by the
Senate.
In accordance with the only chance
given him Devlin appeared before the
committee to-day primed with a scheme
of apportionment that left Sacramento
untouched and did tricks with the Sena
torial districts of Flint and Davis. Both
of these are large districts, and Devlin
had Juggled them so as to get one of their
Assemblymen over into the. proposed dis
trict of Mono, Inyo and Alpine, and leave
Sacramento still with her three. But the
committee would not accept the scheme,
and refused to let Sacramento have more
than two Assemblymen.
Luchsinger was on hand with a scheme
to filch from Alameda one of her . three
Senators, in order to make of Solano a
Senatorial district by itself, but the com
mittee would not hear of the change.
JUNKET EXCURSIONS '
PROVING EXPENSIVE
troduced to perpetuate those conditions.
He described the amendments drafted by-
Councilman Bowen and City Attorhej
Matthews of Los Aneeles to the Brough
ton bHl. These strike out the clause per
mitting the raising of the bid after the
sealed bide are opened and grant the
municipal legislative body the power to
reject all bids and make the bond more
stringent.
Devlin contended that" the 10 per cent
raise in bids was ft desirable device, in
suring to the municipality the highest
possible price for it.-? franchises. Thomas
said the clause would operate against the
man who wanted to use the franchise,
illustrating his argument with supposi
titious cases. .»
SACRAlVEEirTO TO LOSE
ONE ASSEMBLYMAN
Devlin Argues in Vain Before the
Senate Apportionment
Committee.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 6.— It was without avail
that Devlin fought for Sacramento's van
ishing Assemblyman before the Apportlon-
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 6.— The Health Committee
cf the Senate to-day passed favorably on
the bill appropriating JIW.OOO to be used
by the Governor In the pursuit of elusive
bacilli In this State and to-morrow the bill
will be returned to the Senate With the
recommendation of the committee that It
be referred to the Finance Committee
frith the favorable recommendation of the
Health Committee. This is the bill that
•was fousht so hard by the delegation of
business men from San Francisco last
tii^hL The vote in committee was 3 to 1.
M.:;;sard, Bettman and Nelson voting in
fijvnr of It. and Rowell's vote alone being
cast in protest. There was not much
consideration given to the measure and
there was no discussion. Rowell will
submit a minority report, recommending
that the bill do not pass.
The other two bills Introduced by the
G.'\>rnor — that requiring all local health
boards to report to the State Board, and
llat making <t a felony to publish the
presence of contagious diseases— were not
considered by the committee. It is prob
able that whoa the 51<r>.ooo appropriation
bill comes before the Senate it will stir
up the hottest light of the session.
¦ * ?
ASSEMBLY DELAYS ACTION
Ecsolution Thanking President He-
Kinky Goes Over.
CALL HEADQT'ARTKRS. SACRA
MEXTO, Feb. 6.— The wheels of legisla
tion, were somewhat L*npeded this morn
ing in the Assembly by the absence of
Johnson, action on various measures be
ing postponed on that account. A con
test was expected on Assembly concurrent
resolution 6. from the Committee on Fed
. ral Relations, thanking President Me-
Kinley. Secretary of State Hay and Gov
.rnor Cage for prompt action in regard
jo the bubonic plapue scare of ISM). ine
opponents of the anti-Kir.youn resolutions
couple the two Bets and plan to defeat
both of them. . . • _
The resolution. was on the special order
Hie. but Knifrht. chairman of the Commit
tee on Federal Relations, moved that ac
tion be deferred until to-morrow, the reso
lution retaining its place on the file.
"Membf.-s «re absent." Kjiight sala.
"who are anxious to be heard on this
matter and I request this delay."
Brown of San Mateo, an opponent of
the resolution, moved as an amendment
:!iat action be postponed until Thursday,
I-V-bruary 1*. the resolution retaining- its
place as a special order. He said that
jther bills and resolutions similar in
pmeral character were pending and dele
gations for San Francisco were to be
ii. ard in opposition to them and after
such hearing the Assembly would be in a
better position to judge as to the merits
Li the resolutloas In question.
Brown's amendment was carried by a
larpe majority, though Knight offered
vigorous opposition to delay of more than
a. day. claiming that such delay even was
a considerable concession.
Johnson's bill, 230, regulating the prac
tice of osteopathy, also a. special order,
was allowed to retain Its place on the file,
no action upon it being taken in the
absence of Johnson. This bill will meet
considerable opposition.
MEDICAI* EXAMXPTEHS
BILL WARMLY DEBATED
Eenatcr Sh.ortridge Makes a Fight on
Behalf of Christian
Scientists.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 6.— Assembly bill 2S4. regu
lating the practice of medicine and estab
lishing a State Board of Medical Exam
iners, was the subject of debate for near
ly the whole of the afternoon session of
the Senate to-day. Repeated attempts
to amend it were made, all of them fail
ing, and finally it was made a special or
tl»-r for to-morrow.
Shortridge. Curtln. Simpson and Wolfe
led the opposition to the measure, while
Rowei!, and Cutter were promi-
Bent among its champions.
The rhief contest came up on considera
tion of pubdlvision 4 of section 16 of the
Jiii!: which section Fpecifies what persons
tr.;.U be deemed as practicing medicine or
purgery within the meaning of the act.
The subdivision objected tt» specines as
folio*.*:
"Tho?e who shall investigate or dlag
r.fiMicaie or offer to investigate or diag
i: >: irate ar.y physical or mental ailment
<if any r>ersori with a view of relieving the
s-.ime, or who shall, for pecuniary or valu
able consideration, prescribe, suggest or
recommend any drug or medicine, mag
netisnw electric appliance, application.
operation, manipulation or treatment, cf
¦whatever nature for the Intended relief,
palliation or cure of any wound, fracture
or bodily injury, infirmity »r disease."
Curtin moved to strike all of this out
im;<1 made an irnpasFioned speech on the
f-ubject. He said the paragraph in ques
tioa was a blow at personal liberty. It
would close all the mineral spring estab
Hshments in the State and would prevent
the sale of proprietary medicines. No
xrcan had Ihe risrht to say that another
should not take treatment for his ail
ir.ents from whomr-vf-r he wtehed.
Shortridge ppoke twenty minutes in sup
port of Curtin's amendment. He de
nounced the whole bill as an abridgment
of the liberties of the people. He made a
direct appeal for the (ihristian Scientists
end for those who administer electrical
treatment. lie said th<* paragraph which
• 'urtin wanted to eliminate was worthy of
th*> dark ages.
The amendment was lost by a vote of 1*»
to 17.
Shortridge then offered an amendment
to the section which establishes exemp
tions from the bill's provisions by adding
the* clause "and those who treat by
spiritual means and without ' drug's and
remedies." This amendment was laid over
with the bill Itself until to-morrow.
HEARS ARGUMENTS OK"
THE BROTJGHTON" BILL
Senate Municipal Corporations Com
mittee- Addressed by Los An
jreles Citizens.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 6.— The Broughton fran
chise bill was vnder consideration by the
Eenate Municipal Corporations Commit
tee this afternoon and to-night. Repre
sentatives of Los Angeles property own
ers and of the Los Angeles Traction Com
pany were present to oppose it and As
eemblyman Broughton and Senator Simp
son to defend it. No action was taken
by the committee, but from the trend of
the argument DevMn. Shortridge and Tyr
rell of San Francisco will uphold the bill
as it came frcm th.» Assembly. Smith of
Los Angrles and CaMweU will favor the
incorporation in It of the amendments
tent up from Los Angeles and Taylor
jjrobably will support some at least of
those amendments.- Jkshe. who was not
present to-day, is understood to favor the
rill in its present form.
<\ F. Guthridge, representing property
owners of the Second. Kourth and Sixth
¦wards cf Los Angeles, addressed the com.
mime at 4 o'clock. He said the people
of bis part of Los Angeles had been try-
Ing for fr.ur or five. years to get a-com
peting street railway In order that reason
able service might !>e had. but every ef
fort had been blockeJ. It was bad enough
under the present statute, he said, but
und^r the Broughton bill the legitimate
Vildder might be ehut out e\*ery time. He
explained the working of the clause per
mitting successive bids of 10 per cent in
crease aft^r bids are opened as worklns
to that end and he declared sealed bids
with power .to reject all or to award to
the highest bidder afforded the only so
lution.
F. J. Thomae, who appeared frankly as
the attorney for the Traction company,
related the etory of the fruitless struggle
of his company for four years to obtain
franchises under the present Btatute and
asserted that the Broughton bill was in-
Constitutional Amend
. ment.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 6.— Cutter's constitutional
amendment to allow churches to hold so
cials for their own benefit in their .own
buildings without danger of losing the
privileges of exemption as allowed by the
amendment recently adopted by the peo
ple came before the Senate to-day and
was beaten.
It was found that the amendment
adopted by the people precluded the hold
ing of church fairs or socials In the build-
Ings to be exempted, and Cutter's amend
ment was to allow these when they were
held for the benefit of the churches.
Smith of Kern opposed the amendment
Senate Votes Down Cutter's Proposed
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 6.— The mining bill, appro
priating $150,000 additional for the con
struction of the debris Impounding system.
on the Yuba River, came up In the As
sembly this morning on second reading.
Some unfriendly questions were asked,
which necessitated a defense of the bill
by Irish. It happened that Ralston was
In the chair. Ralston originally made
the fight against the bill during :»ts career
in committee, but agreed to withdraw ma
opposition in view of representations to
him at the meeting of the Miners Asso
ciation Saturday night that Colonel Heuer
of the Government engineers would rec
ommend to the Federal Government that
no money whatever be expended until tne
entire amount necessary for the con
struction of the system waa available.
Chandler expressed a fear that the
dams would not be permanently success
ful, but that In the course of twenty
years they would give way and the whole
of the impounded debris would be swept
down the rivers, devastating the valleys
and impeding navigation. *
Irish explained that the restraining
dam was to be of solid stone masonry,
built to last for ages. This dam would
catch the coarse debris and turn the cur
rent laden with light sediment into a
canal carrying It Into a settling basin en
tirely outside of the river basin. The
silt deposited in this settling basin, be
ing away from th<? river basin," would
never be carried down by floods or the
giving away of dams.
Carter asked whether it was reason
ably certain that hydraulic mining could
be resumed after the impounding system's
construction: also whether the bill were
for the benefit of the agriculturists or the
replied Irish, "that "it is
for the benefit of the entire State. In
my opinion within five years the increase
in the tax rolls in the hydraulic mining
district would return to the State in taxes
the entire $400,000 appropriated. A total
of $100,000,000 was invested in hydraulic
mines when they were closed down. The
mines became at once worthless. The
construction of the impounding system
will return these values to the list of tax
able property. It is a mistaken Idea that
the entire country of the hydraulic region
may be washed down into the valleys.
The mines are limited in area, just as
quartz mines are, and they probably win
be worked out within twenty years after
the resumption of work in them. We cer
tainly believe that the system JfiU be a
success, and that mining may be'resumett
and that agriculture and navigation will
be protected."
The report of the committee of the
whole that the bill pass was adopted
without a negative vote and the bill was
read a second time.
Ralston's bill reducing the salary of the
Debris Commissioner; from $3600 to $600
per year came up on second reading.
Ralston asserted" that for the past eight
years the. Debris Commissioner had had
no duties to perform other than drawing
his salary and that the State had paid to
him and his secretary $35,000. He ex
plained that when construction work
should begin on the debris impounding
system the Debrl3 Commissioner would
, have only" the duty of perfunctory' Inspec
tion and of signing the warrants drawn
against the State's -appropriation. For
this one day's work in every month he
would receive $50 under the new bill,
which the author and others considered
very liberal - compensation. '
Ex-Senator E. .C. Voorheis of A mad or,
president of the- California Miners* Asso
ciation, arrived last night from San Fran
cisco. He took an active interest in the
mining bill, urging leaders of the Assem
bly to support the appropriation.
TABOOES BHE HOLDING
OF FAIBS IN CHURCHES
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
on the ground that It was needless. Lara
ner and Shorvrldge spoke In the same vein
and so did Davis. They all echoed
Smith's declaration that the constitution
should not be "tinkered with." The
amendment was lost by a vote of 6 ayes
to 25 noes.
MURCHAJNTS A'""'? OPPOSED
TO QTTAB&HTrffE BILLS
Assembly Committed listens to Some
Very Strong' Arguments in
the Matter.
Assemblymen Hasson, Foster. Franklin.
Hourigan. Klncaid and Evatt. who com
pose the Committee on Health and Quar
antine, visited this city yesterday and
after listening to arguments advanced
against the passage . of tho quarantine
bills pending in tho Legislature, visited
the United States Quarantine Station at
Angel Island as the guests of Dr. Kln
youn.
The special meeting called by President
Xewhall of the Chamber of Commerce for
yesterday at 1 o'clock had its pood result.
There was a representative gathering of
business men, who expressed them
selves as being opposed to the passage of
Asscmblv bill 2M. which provides for th»
appointment of a quarantine State officer
at this port.
A. A. Watklns president »f the Saa
Francisco Board of Trade: Captain
Charles Nelson, ex-president of the Cham
ber of Commerce: J. C. Stubba, vice presi
dent of the Southern Pacific Company:
Julian Sonntag and A. Sbarboro of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion; Georsre M. Newhall. president of tho
Chamber of Commerce, and A. M. Simp
son of the Shipowners" Association were
present and voiced their protests.
At the close of the meeting. Dr. Kln
youn escorted the committee to the quar
antine tut?, which took them to the quar
antine station. The committee will im
mediately return to Sacramento to formu
late Its report.
ASSEMBLY PASSES DEBRIS
BILL TO THIRD READING
Irish- of Sierra Replies to Objections Urged
bg the Opponents of the Measure.
, ..... -
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,— FEBRUARY 7, 1901.
A ' Swiss dog fancier . at Rorschach has
a pet animal ; which understands twenty-
Beven words and phrases, and never
makes a mistake in regard to them.
Hansen Charged With Murder.
- VALLEJOi Feb. 6.— The inquest over, the
body of Walter Clark, who' was found
dead In South Vallejo on Monday, . was
held : last \ evening. . The Jury ' returned a
verdict to ; the effect that '"Walter Clark
came to his death on February 3 from a
gunshot .wound at v the 1 hands of Erlo
Hansen, and we hereby charge' Hansen
with murder." ¦ '¦ ' v
Pensions issued: California — Original —
Silas Pruden, Acton, $6; John D. Purdon.
Los Angeles, $8; James Waterburg, dead,
Clarksburg. $5; Zachary T. Snyder, Sol
diers' Home. Los Angeles. $8; John C. Fi
lield, Los Angeles, $8. Increase — Samuel
Thomas, Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles. $10;
William Jehu. Alameda, J10. Widows-
Caledonia Parke, San Francisco, $3. War
with Spain— Original— Charles Wade, San
Francisco, $45; Malcom H. MacCoe. Field
ing, $S.
Oregon — Original — Peter • Fridrickson,
Juntura, $5. Increase— Philip il. Coonse.
Molalla, $S.
Washington— Original— Henry Ohland,
Pontiac $6; Henry S. Rlxler, Des Molnea,
$6. Increase— Frederick Flahant, Seattle,
$10. War. with Spain— Hugh Waters, Se
attle, no.
Postmasters appointed: Washington —
D. C. "\y. Dean. Holly, Kitsap County, vice
Robert Wyatt, deceased; F. P. Avery,
Miles, Lincoln County, vice Jennie Nee.
resigned; G. W. Tabbetts, North Bend.
King County, vice W. C. Weeks, resigned.
Representative Kahn to-day introduced
a bill granting American register to the
barkentlne Hawaii, owned by Hind, Ralph
& Co., San Francisco.
Army orders: Acting Surgeons "William
Alden and Edward A. Southall relieved
from duty at the Presidio Hospital, San.
Francisco, and assigned to duty with
the troops en route to the Philippines.
Postmaster commissioned: Washington
—Clayton L.. Campbell, Pialschle.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 6.— Postofflce
established: California— Duna way, Mari
posa County, Albert E. Helm, Postmaster.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. . 6.— Three, dental
offices in Watsonvillo were raided by " a
burglar on Sunday night. -The only" thing
stolen was gold. The following night the
dental parlors of F. "W. Bliss of this city
were entered. . Ths thief got ¦ sheet gold
valued at $20. . ' >
Thief Balds Dental - Parlors.
COAST BREVITIES.
WOODLAND. Feb. 6.— The Board of City
Trustees has stirred up municipal affairs by
the adoption of an ordinance closing saloons
at midnight. . .'. -' •
MODESTO, Feb. 6.— The election • for offi
cers of the Modesto Irrigation District to-day
resulted • In the choice of a board of directors
favorable to early completion of ; the canal
system.
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. 6.— The Northwest
Fruit Growers'. Association decided to-day that
hereafter all boxes used by association mem
bers in packing fruit should contain an exact
bushel. .
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 6.— Andrew Bachloni, a
boy 7 years . old, was ¦ drawned this morning
near his parents' home at Otay. The boy was
attempting- to , ford • a stream and was carried
away. The body was recovered a half hour
later. ' .
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 6.— G. W. . Rife, alias
P. Tv MeSorley, who has been employed here
in the railroad yards as - a switchman,, was
arrested to-day by Detectives Max Fisher and
John Fitzgerald. Rife is wanted at Columbus,
O., .for an alleged criminal assault upon Mrs.
Edna -Watson. He is said . to < have choked
her into insensibility , and .. then poured coal
oil over her clothes and Bet fire to it.., Neigh
bors rushed in and extinguished the fire- In
time to 8a ve the woman's life. .¦¦•• ...' ,.-. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 6.— In Frank Johnson
and George Hazel the Sheriff's office has
captured two desperate and experienced
crooks. Besides confessing to the burg
lary of the Mathewsoh residence on North
Ninth street, they, admitted under the
"sweating" process to-day to Sheriff
Langford that they had planned the rob
berv of the Commercial and Savings Bank
of this city. They had been in the city
a month, during which time they had
familiarized themselves with the. banks
premises at the corner of First and toun
tain streets. While these plans were ma
turing they committed no less than • a
dozen burglaries, and the officers became
so close on their trail that they were
obliged to leave the city. Last Saturday
they were arrested at Watsonville by
Deputy Sheriff White. Since having been
brought here they have confessed to all
these crimes.
The plot of Johnson and Hazel to i rob
the Commercial and Savings Bank was a
daring one. They had learned that_ for
a few minutes during the noon hour
Cashier McGeoghegan was the sole official
at the bank. They had planned to enter
the bank at this time, engage the cashier
In conversation, and when his attention
was attracted one of .them was to cover
him with a revolver. The door of the
bank was then to.be closed and while one
held the cashier at bay the other was to
dump the money into saexs they had con
cealed about their persons. A buggy was
to be in waiting outside. The cashier
would then be gagged and placed in the
bank office. The robbers would carry
their bags of gold out to the buggy, climb
in and drive off into the hills, where the
booty would be cached. The. team would
then be returned to San Jose and tied on
the. streets.
Johnson and Hazel believed the plan
would be successful and intended to carry
it out had they not been compelled - to
leave because of the burglaries they com
mitted. As it was, they intended to.re
turn to commit the robbery. . -, ¦
The men are believed to be' Eastern
crooks. They 'have been ' charged with
burglary, and pending their conviction an
attempt will be made to obtain their
records from the East.
Two Crooks Confess Daring
Plot to Garden City
Officials.
PLAN TO ROB
SAN JOSE BANK
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 6.— On July a.
1SS2, John O'Connor, a laborer employed
by the Southern Pacific, was run down on
a sidetrack at Pomona by an engine of
the company. O'Connor died instantly.
He left" a widow and a tiny baby. The
widow remarried and Is known as Maggie
Phelan, while the child has grown to
young womanhood.
The daughter, Mary O'Connor, believes
she Is entitled to damages for the death
of her father and has sued the Southern
Pacific Company for $25,000 damages. She
says that she was left helpless and that
by reason of her father's death has not
had the advantages of a good home and
of a proper education. Miss O'Connor al
leges that the engineer failed to properly
warn her father of the approach of the
train.
Southern Pacific Railway
Company Defendant in
a Peculiar Case.
WAITS TWENTY
YEARS TO SUE
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 6.— The Paris inves- 1
tigatlon has ended, so far as the
taking of testimony is concerned,
for Bliss, the chairman of the
committee, announced this afternoon that
no more witnesses would be heard. This
augurs well for the commission, for be
fore he left the stand this afternoon,
Foote submitted a list of names of men
he wished to have examined, should the
committee feel unsatisfied with the show-
Ing the Commlssoners had made. 'He said
In submitting the names that he believed
he had the right to have witnesses he
should name examined, and the committee
seemed to agree with him. In the face of
this the witnesses were not called, nor
were any statements from them asked
for.
Tho names of those Fcote wished Jo
have called were: Claus Spreckels. "W. It.
Crocker, S. G. Murphy. C. F. Fair, Wil
liam Fltzhugh, James McNab, Dr. R, \V.
Murphy, W.,C. Irwin. W. H. Roder, Mr.
Lournstein. J. D. Grant, W. J. McGee. M.
H. de Young. W. J. Landers. George
Rann, A. W. Scott, Mr. Boss, Mr. Bush
nell, Mr. Bryan, Mr. Ainsworth of Lo>
Aneeles. Dr. Clow of Sacramento, E. H.
"Woolsev, J. P. H. Dunn. Jack Conners. K.
Peixottb, Mr. Miller. I. W. Taber. Mr.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Feb. 6.— A peculiar
religious sect, the feature of whose singu
lar beliefs is based upon the eating of
peanuts as their principal article of food.
Is thriving in Vancouver, and throughout
British Columbia. There are 200 members
in the new church In Vancouver, and their
numbers ' are growing daily. Six months
ago the sect was first formed as a branch
of the Seventh Day Adventists, and now
it has gone so far as to erect mills equip
ped with machinery for the grinding and
manufacture of various kinds of food
from peanuts.
In abstract belief, one of the principal
opinions held by the new organization is
that Christ will appear on earth within a
few months and perhaps within only a
few weeks. They therefor© wish to bo
prepared. In order that they may "shuffle
off this mortal coil" with no difficulty.
That they might be able to do this when,
the-tlme comes they made searching in
vestigation of the most healthful and pur
est foods, and came to the conclusion that
peanuts were the most proper diet. Their
leader, James Charman, who was former
ly a minister in the Adventist church, was
sent to New York, and there made a con
tract for a large weekly shipment of pea
nuts to Vancouver. Suitable works have
been' erected and equipped with | machin
ery, and now "all kinds of peanut products
are being turned out.
The peanuts are first boiled, and then,
ground into a meal, and- are used to make
nearly every kind of baked and cooked
dishes In which flour is ordinarily em
ployed/Brazil nuts and walnuts are used
by way -of variety, but these three con
stitute almost the entire means of sus
tenance of the • 200 ; persons In Vancouver
who belong to this queer sect.
-Several missionaries of the new move
ment have lately been sent out through
the province - and they report that they
are making good headway. In- the conver
sion of people to the gtrange belief.
Peculiar Religious Sect Is
Gaining Converts in
Vancouver.
at bank: that his expenses were very high
because he thought it was his duty to
live in accordance with his position as a
representative of California.
Emlay was called to tell over again,
about his connection with the medals, and
In this connection two telegrams were
read, one asking Lathoud who sold Emlay
the medals, what he had charged, and the
other In which Lathoud answered, "Em
lay pays for medals— Grand $35, Gold $30,
Argent $25, Bronze $20,"*the figures in each
case being taken to mean dollars. These
are the prices for which Emlay sold the
medals.
C. L. P. Marals, the commercial agent,'
was the last witness. He hewed close to
the line in several matters, but could not
be induced to make any definite state
ment in regrard to the doings at head
quarters, except to say that every one
drank. He was questioned about the time
Truman saw Runyon off for home, aijd he
said It was evident then that Truman
had been drinking too much. He went
Into the medal controversy, but added
nothing to it. and he said a little about
the flow of wine. In thlB connection he
eaid that as far back as two months be
fore the close of the fair, Truman had
prepared a list of the wine he had taken
and had given it to Marals to use. ¦•'in
case an investigation waa held. 1 ' Even as
far back as that the wily Truman had an
idea of what was coming. •
A few parting questions were fired at
Gaskill, Runyon and Emlay. and then the
committee closed the testimony for good.
PEANUTS THEIR
SINGLE RATION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Feb. 6.— A. M. Robinette, the
former Sacramentan, who confessed to
the police last night that he kidnaped
and murdered the 4-year-old child of Mrs.
Clara Kavanaugh because she deserted
him and married A. D. Colburn, was
taken before Chief of Police Meredith to
day and questioned. At first he was sul
len and refused to disclose what he had
done with the child. At last, however, he
admitted that he had not committed mur
der, but. refused to tell where the little
one was secreted. He was returned to his
cell, where he is still confined.
The police finally succeeded in locating
the child in a room on the third floor of
the Alhambra lodging-house. It appears
that Robinette had a room at the Ven
dome and also one at -the Alhambra. At
the latter place he locked up the child
and then went out on a spree.
Mrs. Colburn swore to a complaint to
day charging Robinette with kidnaping.
The case will come up to-morrow In the
Justice Court.
Seattle Police Find Babe
Robinette Claimed He
Had Murdered.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Carrothers. C. A. Baldwin. William Beck
man of Sacramento. Frank Carolan. D.
Kricot, M. mansard, J. Z. Auguereri and
W*. A. Stanford
The report of the committee may be
rendered on Friday.' It is probable It will
be somewhat critical in form, but there
has been no proof of wrongdoing. The
medal episode has Deen explained, the
money spent has been accounted for, the
headquarters has been justified, even by
Mills, and all that remains is a contract
or two that Kmlay says he was wrong in
making, and that the commission "called
him down" for obtainlnc The fact that
the commission knew very little about
the work and doings of its subordinate*
stands out in bold relief, however, ani
probably will be the burden of part of
the report from the committee.
Foote was the llrst witness called this
afternoon. He explained the episode in
which the Alaska Packers' Association
award was raised from a silver to a gold
medal on «a re-examination, but he denied
that the fact that he had stock In. the
concern interested him in the award, and
he declared he had no further hand in
•the change than to suggest that some
thing ought to be done to have the award
made better. He said nothing about the
Sacramento River Packing Company,
whoso award was not raised. Foote ex
plained his drafts upon the funds of the
commission, and concluded with the state
ment that he had put so much of his own
money with his salary and expense ac
count" that he was $3000 or $4000 overdrawn
MRS. KAVANAUGH'S
CHILD IS LIVING
Inguirij Committee' Finds No Proof of Wrongdoing, but Laxity
in Management of California's Exhibit Will Be Criticized,
INVESTIGATION INTO THE PARIS
EXPENDITURES COMES TO A CLOSE
SOfliE SPECIALTY STUNTS BY THE LAWMAKERS.
3
ADVEBTXSE2CE27T8.
GpiRasflcs
Will do much to develop a nrnscular
body. But the strength of the body is
not to be measured by its muscle, but by
its blood. If the tyood h impure, the
body, in spite of its bulk and brawn, falls
an easy prey to dis-
I I] There is no medi-
I jf~^S>. t c * tle equal to Doctor
AM Jarflftfe il ? ierce ' s Golden iled-
ical Discovery for
feS^^S^^i^' / blood. It carries of?
fegStfJtfC/ the poisons which
KimiaM contaminate the life
fisfsSfa** fluid. It increases
BgPyTJ the activity of the
jfig^gj&f' blood-making glands
fca&^M and gives the body
flfifgyjj pi an increased supply
jdB8Sfcgfep\ of pure, body-build-
' tar lET ) ing blood. It builds
jg I up the body with
/V^X^ I sound, healthy flesh
IJ «• I instead of flabby fat,
/£~Jri \ promotes the appe-
V^SMF f tite, feeds the nerves,
L I / and so gives to weak,
\A J / nervous people vital-
p\ MJ ity and vigor.
jiC^n <^/ There is no alcohol
(jli'J contained in "Golden
Medical Discovery,"
and it is absolutely free from opium,
cocaine and all other narcotics. *
"I feel it my dnty to write to you of the -won-
derful curative powers of your * Golden Med-
ical Discovery.* ¦ writes George S. Henderson.
Esq.. of Dcnaud, I^e Co., Florida. "I had a
bad bruise on my right ear and my blood was
badly out of •order,- I tried local doctors, but
with no good results. Finally I wrote you the
particular 1 in ny case and you advised your.
r Golden Medicnf D^covery.' which I began to
take. From the c bottle I began to feel
better, and when I uad taken eight bottles the
sore was healed up. I wish you success."
T)r. Pierce' s Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent utamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
TO THE fUBUCI-
SAN FRANCISCO- Oct.
•• lxa — To '»' n oni It may
*aJS<*^i&3 concern: This 1b to certify
TmSJ that DR. WONO HIM of
«££){£ 1 115-1H Mason street. San
Vf / * /' Francisco, has cured m»
%'fiS'V / of kidney trouble and
fitted / .rheumatism and I am
,jfo^*»— , [ harpy to maJte this state-
y~X2C^7* jK^V nient. as I find the Doctor
(fjp5v v *i__rf*jf5S^ w , Btiictly hon?st In every
* - *$rwf^ii V*»* rrnse of the word and an
*«A.» w tfK2?C.7** honorable man In all hit
dealinsa. DR. C. A. GAY, Dentist. 902 Second
are., Seattle, TVash.
December 15. MOO— This is to certify that t
was ¦ufferine for fifteen years from Bright'*
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
¦ide. I tried a number of doctors and various
reraediss without affording me any relief. ' That
¦lx months ago I applied to Dr. Wong Him of
11S-117 Mason street. San Francisco, and now
after six months of his treatment I am entirely
cured and In perfect health. I write this In
my appreciation of Dr. Won? Him. and that
other sufferers may b« relieved, and I win b*
glad to certify to this In. person to any on*
that may call upon me at my residence.
MRS. JOHN AL.LANSON.
Orchard avenu*, Elmhurst. Alameda Co.. CaL
S. F.. December 4. 1S»— Dr. ¦Wong Him. MS-
117 Mas~n «t.. 8. F.. Cal.— Dear Sir: For tho
benefit cf others I wish to make a statement of
ny case, which was heart trouble. AXttr treat-
las with six eminent physicians my case was
pronounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Won*
Him. and his wonderful cures. I decided to try
bis herb treatment. He did all he claimed, and
after treating six months I am now well aad
•tronr. Tours. resp*ctfully.
MRS. BARLOW. 1027 Mission St.. 8. V.
visit OR- JORDAN'S skeat*
HUSEUM OFJMlllTOBY*
Cf Tho L*Tj*«Aa»to«s ! .c»J Ma.vrta» m tb« T
,-**— P—^ V/oitd. WnJuKWi a* Any contracted 4
SSJCQB disease p«3t«i»»ly c-srwi by the i^d«T
iRtjl apecuilite* fee Coast. EsLjSyeat*. $
d fl5£?& C5- JCUDAN-fBrtATE DISEASES #
i «f f«2i5jl Coarotwtlon fr» ««1 Krctiy prir»t« \
B R vTvJt O "^ n Kment p"»°n»"y «•» by lstt»r. . A m
\ H {/^H /•a.Mw (W»la every c**e ondertsiea. T
AFn l<£» Wnte for Book. raiLOSOPM7«fJ
""!l P SABBUfiK, JMILED FaSS. (Af
X fl /I ' »alu«^ie book tor ami A
y nil JOR34S <fc t«.. ICGt AlarH-t SS..S, F. ¥
fH^^fr^fc^fr*^ -Sfr m**&^&
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IN VIGORA-
tor and .Nervine.
Th» most wonderful aphrodisiac aad Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sezes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tfeeKid-
ceya and Bladder. Sells on lta own merits.
• N'ABEit, ALFS & BRCNE, Agents.
tn Market st., S. F.— <Send for Circulars.)
JOHN C. DAVIDSON,
CURIOS; .
1S4 KE.AJRJSnr ST."There has been a certain toleration of
Chinatown."
"With the indorsement of the whole of
S.an Francisco?"
"No. I wouldn't say that the whole com
munity was involved."
The final topic that the Mayor was
called upon to talk about was the slave
girls. He did rot know that the police
had been called upon to rescue slave girls.
He did not know whether the Police Com
missioners had discussed the rescue of
the slave pirls. The missionaries were
rescuing them and they did. not want to
be rescued.
Police Captain Seymour, when he was
placed on the stand, requested, after a
few preliminary questions, that he should
not bfc called uimn to testify to the sulj
r-tanre of a conversation that he had with
Ho Yow, the Chinese Consul General,
about Chinatown, until he could gain the
consent of the Chinese official, for he had
considered the matters talked of as con
llderulal. After pome urging Captain
Seymour was permitted to have his way
and he worked the telephone while he was
off tho stand to such effect that the Con
f=ul General consented that he should re
late their conversation.
This conversation, so Captain Seymour
said, took place in the Consular building.
He had had several talks with the Consul
General about Chinatown in the past
year. It was on December 20 or 21 that
the conversation concerning which he was
about to testify took place. Ho Yow told
him that Chung and San Jose Charley and
two other Chinamen, whose names he did
not know, were collecting .money In Chi
natown for the police. Ho Yow described
these Chinese as blackmailers.
"I don't know about the police getting
the money," said Ho Yow, "but that is
the story that they are telling, jand I
wanted to let you know."
There -was no further communication
then, so Captain Seymour testified, ex
cept that Ho Yow said: "I consider this
confidential. These loose stories about
Chinatown do harm and I do not want
them to get out."
The next day, so Captain Seymour testi
fied, or the day after that, he called upon
Chief Sullivan and told him about what
Ho Yow had said.
"Thjen you did tell the Chief about this
conversation?"
"Yes sir. I did."
Captain Seymour was then excused and
the 'inquiry was suspended until this
morning at 10 o'clock, when Mayor Phelan
will again take the witness stand.
GRAND JTTBY TAKES,
UP THE STILL HUNT
Chief Sullivan Passes an Hour in Se
• cret Session With City
• 'Inquisitors. '
The Grand Jury began its investigation
name should have been brought up in the
legislative investigation, and was indig
nant that Mayor Phelan should have re
ferred to any of his actions as being "a
shake down."
"In the Green-Howard case it was sim
ply a matter of. this man .Howard, being
caiiRht in dishonest work, cornered In "the
act and making restitution in part. How
ard did it voluntarily. He was confrpnted
and informed that his fraudulent prac
tices had been discovered.
"Howard could not be charged with em
bezzlement. After due consideration . of
the case, we took the best steps. we couid
to recover what we could for Green.
There was absolutely no 'shake down', in
the case. A demand was made on How
ard to make his crooked work good and
no made a partial restitution. This is all
1 have to say on the matter."
Army and Navy Parlor Minstrels,
The ,., minstrel performance In Native
Sons' Hall last night, given by the mem
bers of Army and Navy Parlor, was equal
to that given by many professional com
panies. The stories and jokes were new,
the songs well rendered and the choruses
pleasing. The performers were: Interlo
cutor, Frank S. Drady; bones, Jim Whit
temore and Jack Miller; tambos, Harry
McCurren and Harry Aucrback; Richard
Hunt, John D. Lynch. : Frank Everson,
Charles V. Drady. Francis Rudolphus.
Harry S.' Coleman and W. L..' Smith.
Dr. 'Beckys Wife Sues for Support
Cassie C Beck commenced suit.yester
day to compel her husband,. Dr. Henry
Martin Beck, to contribute toward her
support. Tho couple were married in
Alameda County September 5.' 1S94, and
have been separated since. April last. It
o a i Bed tnat since the separation Dr.
Beck, who Is employed In a 'downtown
pharmacy, has refused to support hte
wife. . . . ¦
I-ecture on "L'Aiglon."
A French lecture en Rostand's drama
of "I/AIglon" will.be delivered by. Mon
sieur E. B. Lamare,: on' Tuesday,'.Febru
ary 7, at 3 o'clock p. m.. in the parlors of
tho First Unitarian Church, under the
auspices of the Channlng Auxiliary. A
cordial invitation to attend is extended to
students of French. ¦ • • >
Wants .Big Purse > for Hegarty.
George Harting. manager of Tim Hegar
ty. .the champion feather-weight of Aus
tralia, declares that his man- is not yet
matched to ¦ fight Terry -Mc^overn, as
Eastern dispatches announce. He accepts
McGovern's challenge, but wants the big
gest purse obtainable.
of the Police Department last night with
Chief Sullivan as the star .witness.- All
tho members of the inquisitorial body
were present when Foreman Dunker
called the jurors to order. District Attor
ney Byington was present and conducted
the examination of Chief Sullivan and
two other witnesses who. had been sub
penaed, D. H. Robert, a newspaper man,
and H. I. Torres. The fact that the Dis
trict Attorney Is the legal adviser of the
Police- Commissioners as well as the
Grand Jury did not interfere with the
proceedings, although one of the, grand
jurors raised the question.
After a short discussion II. I. Torres
was placed on the stand. Torres, who Is
employed by J. II. Barry in his news
paper ollice. is saic} to have played fantan
in Chinatown at the latter's solicitation,
in order to demonstrate that white men
are permitted to gamble in that locality.
Torres did not enlighten the Grand Jury
to any alarming extent, and Robert was
called to tell what he knew of the al
leged evidence discovered against tho
Police Department in having openly per
mitted gambling and other evils to flour
ish in Chinatown. Robert declined to
divulge the names of the informants, and
he was allowed to go after being before
the Grand Jury for less than ten minutes.
Chief Sullivan was the next witness and
was kept behind closed doors for over an
hour. Ho emerged therefrom with smil
ing face at the end of the ordeal and did
not appear to be much perturbed. Neither
he nor the members of the Grand Jury
would tell the nature of the questions
which he was called upon to answer. It
was stated, however, that the examina
tion was merely preliminary and related
to the original preparations, made by tho
department for tho licensing of Chinese
gambling. Police Captain Wittman wait
ed in the anteroom in the expectation
of being: called, but he was informed by
Juror Kelly that he was excused until
next Friday afternoon, when the Investi
gation will be resumed. When Wittman
desired to know whether he should obey
the eubpena of the legislative committee
should it come at the same time as that
of the Grand Jury, Chief Sullivan replied
significantly: .
"You obey the summons. of the Grand
Jury, as it certainly has jurisdiction,
whereas the . legislative committee has
not." '
PLLLSBITRY INDIGNANT
AT FHELAN'S CHARGES
Denies That He Contributed in 1 . Any
Way to What Fhelan Calls a"
"Shake Down."
E. S. Pillsbury was ; seen last evening
at his rooms in the Palace. Hotel. r; The
attorney was greatly* surprised that his
.NEW YORK.' Feb. 6.— Th,e announce
ment this morning that Andrew Carnegie
had disposed of the control of the Car
negie Company to J. P. Morgan and his
associates attracted widespread attention*
among business men here to-day. Not
Only Wall street but the entlro commun
ity appeared deeply Interested in the
transactions with what the local news
papers denominate a "billion dollar steei
combine." It was tho all-absorbing topic
in • brokers' oiTlces, and under persistent
repetitions of ihe report the stocks of the
leading steel companies made rapid and
violent advances.
As far as positive direct Information Is
concerned there was practically none to
be had to-day from Messrs. Morgan and
Carnegie, Mr. Morgan declining to con
firm or deny the report, while Mr. Carne
gie would make no statement whatever.
The fact, however, that these two mei*
permitted the reports to- continue in circu
lation without even attempting a denial
was generally regarded as a strong indi
cation that they were well founded, and
there was something, In the manner In
which the reports were put forward that
added to the general public's confidence In
their credibility. Numerous "semi-offi
cial" statements were put forward,, but
those could not be traced back to the
principals in the deal. .
- According to these reports J. P. Morgan
is afthe head of a svndlcate which con
templates the organization of a mammoth
steel combine to include the Federal Steel
Company, the National Steel Company,
the Steel Hoop Company, the Sheet Steel
Company, the American . Steel and "Wire
Company and the American Tin Plato
Company. The consensus of opinion among
bankers and brokers seems to be that
what Andrew Carnegie had really done
was to sign a contract to deliver his stock
holdings in the Carnegie Company to J. P.
Morgan & Co. , •
All statements as to the price to be paM
by Mr. Morgan and the men associated
with him in the. transaction appear to ty*
mere idle speculation. ' Some - business
men. who In the natural order of things
would not be particularly friendly to .1
huge combination of this character, did
not: hesitate to call attention to the fact
Result of the Transfer, of
Carnegie's Stock to
Morgan. • ,
GIGANTIC STEEL
TRUST PROBABLE
Continued FVom Page T\a/o,
Walter' Klleen, . driver of a mjik -wagon
collected .$17 r from "consumers.- which by
right belonged «to his employer, Leopold
Anthieu.'"Kileen wag enticed to place the
amount on a losing nag at Tanforan on
Monday. His employer had him arrested
for misdemeanor embezzlement. " "
Tanforan Causes His Downfall.
WATER COVERS
MERCED STREETS
Entire Town Is Inundated
and Business Is at a
Standstill.
* . -
MERCED, Feb. «.— Water from three
inches to three feet deep la standing In
every yard in Merced. Every cellar Is
filled and business la at a standstill. For
hours thi3 morning all the express and
delivery wagons and drays In town were
kept busy transporting business men from
their homes to their stores and offices In
nearly every yard chickens were roosting
In trees and on roofs and fence3. there
being no bare ground for them to alight
on. About ten Inches of water is stand-
Ing in. the basement of the High School
building, putting out the fires in the fur
naces and, of course, no school waa held
to-day.
The Santa Fe and Southern Pacific
tracks are washed out south of town for
ficd .tf 0 !? ° f ne^ rly a mlle and trall « are
tied up here. Both roads are still open
slnTa v" e t f Orth * Two • no«h-bound
south J. ? aln3 are ««i-.up\two miles
S f t0Wn> and a local! liveryman
.ook a contract to transport the pa Ssen .
gers. about.100 in number, from there to
*Z?* W . here they C0Uld transfer to
*?j??? r ; traln going -north. Charing the
m«« «SrfM ! hTidso on the J Santa Fe a
mile- north of town washed out. but by 11
o clock this m-rning it had been put in
P'ace again and waa ready for traffic
STOCKTON. Feb. 6.-The water in the
Uta / l 5 s l eadln S from the mountain*
oast of Stockton arose -very rapidly dur
fns lasfnisht, and was on the upward
trend to-day. Mfner and Mormon chan-
Tiels came up several feet, and were
heavy with sediment. East of the citv
Mormon channel left its banks and cov
ered-considerable lowland. The. rain haa
been heavy in the hills, and- a contlna
ance of the precipitation, with a melting
of the sno-w. makes a freshet possible .A
message ¦ from Banta reported that the
San Joaquin River at that point was very
high and was- rising rapidly, but Para
dise Cut dam was holding, and that ther«
was little fear of Its giving away
MODESTO, Feb. , t-Last night Toul
umne River rose seven feet' -within two
hours. The: ferryboat at ,Tublumne City
was r washed v 9Qtand disabled, and is now
tied to the bank by wire cables. Ferry
man Thomas Farrell had a narrow escape
from drowning in attempting to save the
boat.
SENSATIONAL TESTIMONY SUBMITTED TO INVESTIGATORS OF POLICE.
Medical Fraternity Dance.
The members of the 'Alpha Kappa
Kappa Fraternity of the medical depart
ment of the University of California gave
a dance in Golden Gate Hall last night,
which was well attended and greatly en
joyed Those who directed the function
were Earle Stone, floor manager, and G.
P Purlenky. H. Elwln Piper. Herbert F. .
True. Clarence Wills, John N. Force and
H. M. Simmons.
Gun Thieves Speedily Captured.
Thieves broke into the. gunstore of
Louis Moller. at 7>">5 California street, on
Tuesday night last and carried away a,
number of guns and pistols and a quan
tity of ammunition. Detectives Whit
taker and Ed Gibson were detailed on the>
case, and in a short time located some of
the stolen property in a room of a lodg
ing-house at the southwest corner of Val
lejo and Powell streets. William Reed
and John Hoey. occupants of the room,
wore arrested and locked up in the City
Prison pending Investigation. When Reed
was- searched a pistol was found on him
which was identified as one taken from
Holler's store.
1755 Dandy Jim ...101 lfiCT Birdl- Stone... 81
1S2S I-avator 10! 1766 Handh-apper ..10S
1734 Kspirando .....10H a751)Torsina 103
YlfA .Sybnrls ........101
Sixth Race— One mile; four-year-olds and un*
sfilinsr: ¦
1761 Sunello 1071 175$ Lamaehus .. 110
1761 Stequoe 1(W 17fi3 I,a Maecotta.. 10S
1723 Bo K ns Bill ....107 176S Uarda 08
1540 Alee 110
Probable Winners.
First Rare— Mochanus, Sad Sam, Pt. Wood
Pr-cond Race— Telamon, Rernota, Grafter.
Third "Race— Parm^nion. Formatus, Barney F,
Fourth Race— WnrlnK, I>onnep, The Monk.
Fifth Race— Torsi na,' Good Hope, Boundlee.
Sixth Race— Alee, Uarda, Sunello.
Barkeeper Badly Beaten.
Charles Stegeman, a bartender at the
Njftw Arrival saloon, corner of East and
Mission streets, had an altercation' yes
terday afternoon with a man who re
fused to pay for a round of drinks which
he Wad ordered. During the fight which
followed Stegeman was beaten over the
hoad with a bottle and received a num
ber of ugly wounds. He was treated at
the Harbor Hospital. .
Police Stop Wrestling Bout.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— -For one hour and
seventeen minutes Ernest Roeber. the
American wrestler, and the French
champion, Paul Pons, struggled for su
premacy in a roped ring in Madison
square Garden to-night. Inspector
Thompson stopped the bout at midnight.
Siegel in Town.
Mr. Siegel. the famous mandolin vir
tuoso, has arrived' In San Francisco and
is enjoying California's balmy climate.
Incidentally he is taking a much needed
rest after his extended northern concert
tcur, which, by the way, was the most
successful mandolin tour ever undertaken.
Mr. Siegel Is known throughout the East
as the finest maqdolin player the world
has known. San Francisco's musically
inclined people will spend a most enjoy
able evening Friday. February 8. at V.
M. C. A. Hall, listening to the sweet notes
from this very fine instrument in the
hands of an artist. Teachers throughout
the city are recommending their pupils
attending this musical feast, as it will be
of great benetit to them. While Mr. Siegel
is resting. Miss Mary Chester Williams
will render a vocal selection in her sweet
and charmins manner and she will be
followed by Mr. Harry Hastings, the
banjo player. The following programme
will be rendered: Part one— (a) "Fantaslo
Medley," unaccompanied (Arr. Siegel);
<b) "Cradle Song," duo (Hauser); (c)
"Reverie," unaccompanied; harmonics,
duo, duo with left hand pizzicato accom
paniment and arpeggio variations, violin
style (Siegel): (d) "Patrol." <.e> "Medley of
Popular Airs;" "Delight" (Luckstone),
Miss Mary Chester Williams; "Polish
Dance" (Scharwenka). Mr. Harry Hast
ings. Part two— (a) "Cavalleria. Rusti
cana.". Intermezzo (Mascagni), <b> Fan
tasie," "Carmen" (Bizet), (c) "Melody in
F" (Rubinstein), (d) "Spring Flower
Gavotte" (Siegel), (e) "Witches' Dance"
(Siegel).
that in the spring of 1S99 there were very
positive rumors that the great Carnegie
inierests were to be transferred aiuiAhat
an option had actually been given by/ Mr.
Carnegie. Nevertheless, the deal fell
through. It Is claimed that H. C. Frick
and men associated with him actually
paid at that time $1,000,000 in cash to bind
the bargain, and that, falling to secure
the necessary capital. Mr. Carnegie prof
ited by this particular transaction to the
extent of $1,000,000. It" was claimed, by
these men that the purchase could havo
been effected at that time at a lower scale
of prices, and that $30,000,000 in cash only
would have been necessary, whereas a
considerably greater amount of capital
would be needed now.
On the other hand, Interests in "Wall
street friendly to air. Morgan called at
tention to the fact that conditions' have
materially changed In. the last two years;
that this is the day of big things, And
that the men now reported to be anxious
to secure control of the Carnegie interest
are vastly stronger in the world of finance
than the men who planned the great steel
combine two years ago.
All resorts seem to Indicate, however,
that Mr. Carnegie has obtained a higher
price for his stock than was indicated Jn
the proposed preat steel combination of
1899. Railroad and steel experts accounted
for this in two ways: First, that the price
of stocks In general and steel stocks in
particular had advanced during the two
years. Second, that Mr. Carnegie, hav
ing secured an independent railroad line
from his plants in Western Pennsylvania
to Lake Erie, and having undertaken
large operations in connection with the
town and harbor of Connaught. Ashtabula
County, Ohio, and halving planned an in
dependent railroad through Southern
Pennsylvania to tidewater as well, was in
a position to ask from the men associated
with J. Plerpont Morgan a higher price
than he could -have obtained two years
ago.- » r ' .
British Subjects Are Grateful.
A meeting of the British and American
LJpJon was held last evening to hear th<»
report of tfje officers on th,© recent fun
eral services held In honor of the lato
Queen Victoria. President William Ore»r
Harrison and the secretary. I>r. Frederick
d'Evelyn. addressed the meeting an.i
tnelr remarks were received with contlvi
uous applause. There were passed unani
mous votes of thanks to the people of 9a?j
Francisco for sympathy extended on the
loss sustained by the death of the Queen;
to the press for valued services in r*>
portinff procerdlnsrs In England and Amer
ica and to tho allied societies vho helped
to make the funeral services a complete
and remarkable event. On motion .>£
President Harrison, seconded by Dr.
d'Evelyn. Arthur A. fx>tto of th* Call wn
elected an honorarv member of tho
.union for services rendered as a member
of the press committee .. f the general
committee- having in charge the arrange
ments of the recent funeral service.
Results at New Orleans.
' NEW" 'ORLEANS, Feb. 6.— Weather clear;
track fast. Summary:
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Four Leaf
C won, Dlggs second, Innjvator third. Time,
121?* 1
Three and a half furlongs, two-year-olds.
st-Ulnr — Blue Ridge won. Ardlta second. Miss
Charlie third. Time. :43.
Steeplechase, handicap, ehort course — Dona
tion won. Bristol second, Free Advice third.
Time, 3:02H. " ' _
One mile, handicap— Picador won. Empress
of Beauty second. Cluster third. Time, 1:42.
One mile, selling— Jim Conway won, Edna
Rlley second. Colonel Cassidy third. Time,
Six and a half furlongs. . selling— I^aureata
won. Ciales second. Kight Bells third. Time,
1:21'.*. • ...
(174K)Graft"r 109;(172S)Telamon 117
174S Ada N 1"7 1741 Loneliness 107
1743 liernota 109;
Third Race— Mile and seventy yards; four
year-olds and ut>; felling:
I7«7 Barney F .., . . 91 ! 175R Racetto 107
ITr.S Rurdock 101 1 1762 Formatus 101
172T. Sam Howard.. 107! 17M Parmenlon 101
173S Morella 89 17C6 Fille d'Or 96
Fourth Rare — Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and uj>; handicap:
<l<amYaxinK ?.i24 il707)Tlieory .110
.... The Monk liol 1C33 I^-nnep 103
(I7S4)E1 Mldo 95 1
Fifth Race— Feven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
174* Rollick ....:... M 1717. Wyoming ......114
<1737)Goo'l Hope .... S9 (1639)Boundlce 103
THE GALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
l~*i—. FIRST RACE— Six furlonps; selling:: three-year-olds and up; purse. $350.
j IPo.l ~ , Betting
Index 'Horse, Age, Weight. |Pst! St. Ji %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi.' Cl. PI.
173T, ,'Invirtun. 3 10« 31 2 H 1 2 ... 12 Stuart 7-2 9-2 »-2 2
ltT.7 jM.rida. 3 102 12 7 7 2 5 1 ... 2 H Buchanan .. 7 7 •' • 7 . 5-2
17Z". I'ormatus. 4 ll«j 11 2 6 1 3 1 ...i 3 2 K. Jones 10 20 ¦ 20 8
1732 lAphroiis, 3 105 7 « 5 1 7 1 ...' 4h O'Connor .. 5 7 6 2
am) Sublime. 3 102 <i 5 4 U 4 H ... . 5 h Ransch 5 : 7 '6 . 2
1732 <Vrro Santa, 3...K4 2« 31 61 .... 62 Domlnlck .. 10 15 i 12 6
1JS2 Rldred. 3 1"»2 li> I 3 11 2 1 ...' 7 1 Weir 30 100 ¦ 20 ¦" 8
1583 Quibo. 3 IV 19 8 3 8 2 ... 8 1 ¦ J. Woods... 20 .50-40 20
17^S Mrs. C. 4 m 4 11 10 3 9 1 ... 9 2 Bullmau ... 8 20 ' 15 6
¦ 16C6 Mad Anthony, 5.. list! 9 4 9 1 in ... 10 1 Mounce • .... 15 40 » . 30 12
.... Robert J. 3 117| S 10 1112 11 «. ...' 11 T. Burns.... 13-5 6 16-5 7-5
3722 i'Jnylon Hrown, 3.105] 8 12 12 13 „ . 12 Henry'. . 6 ¦ 15 15 5
Time— »i. :2S«i: t±. :5rt; %. 1:18V. Poor start. Won easily. Second and third easily. Win
ner. T. Kentoti & Co.'* bile, p. by Inspector B-Iowa. Eldred wont out in front with a
flashy turn of speed, hut four.d ih» firing line too hot. Invlctus then took command and
was ridden out. Merlda wan closing fast. Robert J couldn't untrack himself. Sublime and
Aj'hnwiis ran fairly well. . ¦ •
J T*Ki. SECON'D HACK — Seven furlonsa; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse,'$250.
| Po. " ~fT~. Betting
IndrxiHorye. Age, Weight. Pst St. Vi. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
17.7* (Scotch Plaid. 6. .107 So 3 »4 3 h 2 2 1 *i T. Burns.... 2 11-5 2 4-5
ISM Imperious, 6 107 93 lh 23 11 24 Dominlck .. 4 5 7-2 • 6-5
17M !Hiph Hoe. 6 1P6 18 SI 52 41 33 O'Connor ..4 6 6 2
1719 U Meddlerome, 5.1(6] 4 7 7H 7n 5 V, 4 »i Buchanan .. 15 25 25 .8
17<>7 Duckoy. 4 lu 39 54 52 31 5 3 E. Jones.... 7 13 12 5
17M (The Singer. 4. ...107' 10 6 42 4h 7 6 2 Bullman ... 7 15 15 5
!«<;« Saintly. 5 in-| 7 1 2 M lh 6 1 7 6 Henry 9-2 5 5 2
n7js» (I,oth1an. i 107! fi | 1 10 10 R 8 5 See 30 100 100 40
17X<! Monrovia, a in:. 2 ill 96 84 9 96 Knos -30 M0 100 40
1723 lLa. Mascotta, a..lQ5__aj 2 8 3 9 6 10 lit Mounee .... 20 40 40 il
Time— V.. :25; U. :5">: S. 1 :<U3 ; %. 1 :30t;. Good start. Won handily] Second and third drlv
inij. Winner. Burns & Walerhouee'e b. R. by imp. Midlothian-Mottle. Plaid looked beaten
three furlongs away, but came apain. Imperious probably a bit short. Saintly quit after
cha^fhc out with Imporious. I^a Mascotta cut off at start. The Singer found the music
too filfficult. Scratched— Joe Rlplcy 110, Jpnnio Reid lO.i. %
1 7*i-t. THIRD RACE — One and a half miles; hurdle; four-year-olda and up; purse. $430.
• JPo.l , — netting ,
Index !Hor5e, Ape ? Weight. |Pst|St. Std. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
<174:,) [Predo. « lW 714 11 11 15 3 10 'Sutherland . 4-5 6-5 1 1-2
174.". ,I»mo. a l.V,! « ; 21 220 220 220 |n. Henry... 5 5 6 6-5
I7ir, |J O C. a 1S.% 3I2 3 4 3 8 3 4 3 1 (McMahon .. S'l R0 f.O IS
172S lOranprr, a 145 43 5 48 4 10 420 ll^enhart .... 15 20 20 8
174:. iMay Roy. 6 ISO 5 R 4 4 5 5 *B WorthinRtn lft 20 20 6
174". iKoenlg. 5 132 2 1 • ' ... ... ... JHucslon ... 4 4 4 8-5
17r.H IRio Chlco. 5 14«! 1 t Kl^JW-|lson.. 5 6 6 .2
Tiin'--2:.V!. Good start. Won easily. Second easily. Third <1rivin«. Winner, C. K. Dur
neii's b. jr. )>y Morello-Prlzo. Credo Is a cultured fellow at the fencing K«rnc I-omo ran
to form. Gouty old J O O did all h<? knew how. Koenig seemed to have forgotten how to
Jump. "Foil, -fl^ft.
17«;.1. F'j RTH RAi.'K- 1 1-16 miles; Alexandria Park hdcp; 3-year-olds and up; purse, SSSO.
IPo.l j / Betting—' '
Index I How, Age. Weight. Pst|St. U- *4- 8tr. Fin. | Jockeys. Op. HI, Cl. PI.
17.™ "Astor. 6 104| 4 11 14 14 13 .14 ST. Burns.... 2 1^5 1U5 1^2
<17nKt ractake. 6 1M 3j4 4 4 32 2n iMounce 6 7 7 2
C1705) Uanlee. 3 l<>7i 2|2 J l'i 2 3 SI 3 2 'Bullman .... 7-5 11-5 11-5 7-10
172^ JAnjou. 4 Ulj 1J32H31 4 4 [Huchanan_.. 5-2 5-2 11-5 3-5
Time— 1-16. :07: 5-lfi. :32%: 7-1B. :4.-,«i: 11-16. 1:11; mile.. 1:45; 1 H6niTrrsT4. GoodTtart. TNVm
easi!y. Second ani third driving. Winner. C. R. Ellison's b. g. by Aintree-Stephanle
Astor had the other cakewalkers all "faded." Janice couldn't concede the. welKht. An
jou executed a carom shot or two and then put his cue back in the rack. Scratched—For
ntTn 103. Telamnn 103.
17<ilt. FIFTH RACE — One mile; selling; four-yea r-olds and upward; purse, $400.
I iP°.( j "prttlng
Ir.deilHorse. Ape, Weight. ]Vtt\ St. %. H- Str. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl^ PL
(1734) jHandirarper. 4 ..112! 1 j 2 1^11 12 1 2H |T. : Burns.... 2 5I iil 2^5
17«7 SybPris. 6 107 2 I 1 3H3la24 24 Henry « S S 7-5
I7ri3 farda. C K7J 615 44 48 J2 31 Mounce 5 25 '5 6
17r.fi IKickurr.bob. 4 ....1021 4|4 '56 56 41 46 Stuart 30 60 60 15
ilftf7) lOreat Bend, 6. ...110 3|3 2 l'i 2 11.4 5 10 f> 10 - Domlnick ... 7-10 7-10 J-5 1-1
1725 'Fllle d'Or. 4 90 5 1 6 6 6 6. 6 Ranpch 60 60 60 S
Time-Ji. :2fi>, : 1^. :51S; »i, 1:18: mile. 1:45^4. Good start. Won ridden out. Second antf third
drivir.sr. Winner. W. Shields' b. K. by Strathmore-Zuhlan. Handlcapper outfooted his
field from the, jump. Great Bend warmed up rather "dickey," and h!s game leg went
bark on him. Uarda had pome Fpeed. Going i suited HybariSi Scratched— Aetor 107 La
machus 1ML "
I7«S7. SIXTH RACE— One mile and a pixteenth; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $W0.
I 'Po- 1 w , »
Indrxj Horse, Age. Weight. jPFt|Pt. *&. M. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. Pi.
17." jPre.-tome. 4 111! * ! 4 2 2 2 2 13 12 T. Burns.... 1 ~<wj I T^
17..3 il^a Borgia. 4 ....lOfli 2 6 3 'i 3 H 3-4 2 1 OTcnnor ... 2 16-5 16-5 4-5
17S3 Barney F. 4 VA\ 11 12 13 2\ 3 6 Stuart 20 35 30 7
16'^ !l>r. Marks'. 6 Ulj 7 2 5 6 4^41 42 IMounce 10 15 15 1
1713 IPr. <'ave. 4 105 6 ! 3 4 1 5 4 5 3 El 1.1. Woods.... 5 8 16--, 1
17^4 iRapido. a Ill 3J7 7 7 7 fi 1 R. Murphy.. 10 40 40 8
17.>5 IRufalha. a 109 4(5 6 10 6 10 62 7 Henry 15 40 40 10
Time— 3-16 :19; 7-lfl, :45; 11-1<!.»1 :12: mile. 1:47%; 1 1-lCm, 1:54H. Good start! Won easily
Second and third driving. Winner.'W. P, Magrane's b. g. t>y imp. PrestonpanB-Beeswinc'
PreFtomo is a c°od one in the slush. Barney K cu,t quite a figure in the first act. Dr'
Cave left his speed in the medicine chest. Scratched — Autumn 116.
TIRED of finishing emong the "also j
rans" Tommy Bump has ceased |
traveling over the moonlight route. )
and down at Tanforan Park yes- j
terday came near being the whole
thin?. In the first sprint Tommy had the
leg up on Robert J.. a piping hot tip.
which finished back in the ruck. After j
this, though, he took every other flat j
event on the card, fipishlns first In suc
cession on Scotch Plaid. Astor, winner of
the Alexander Park handicap: Handicap- i
per and Prestome. Burns rode with all *
r'is «1a?h and vim, and as very!
fair, odds wore •obtainable against each, i
those who followed the Canadian boy en
joyed a profitable day.
The track was in an exceedingly sloppy
cnr.dition, still favorites kept up their
winning clifC* annexing four of the six |
cvt p.ts decided. IJctting was far livelier I
lhan on the preceding day and the ma
jority of books did far better than make
¦ st-ind off- of it.
Acting: for August Belmont. Thomas EL j
Williams Jr.. president of the California
Jockey Club, coaipleted arrangements
with the father of Owen Mounce yester
<iay by which the Idaho lad will do the ,
lightweight riding for the wealthy and in- !
fluenmi New York turfman the coming j
e-eason. Mounce will report in New j
York en May 1, and while the remunera
tinn he U to receive will bo large, the i
amount was not givrn out lor publication. I
Kir^t to be decided on the programme j
v.as a six-furlor.g selling dash, with a
held of twelve starters. Robert J., a
newcomer, closed favorite on the strength
eti" pome reported. last workouts. Ho could
DOt walk In the going, finishing fur back
in the rear. Takinp: the lead from Eldred I
before the stretch was reached, Invictus.
a. t\s to 1 chance, won somewhat handily
from Morida, ih" Schreiber entry.
While Scotch I'laid looked the class o
the tt-ven-furlontr silling run, there was !
t-uch steady demand tor Imivericus that \
2 to 1 could b<_- had p.bout tne Uurns &. '
U'aterhouse horse. High Hoe, Duckoy
and The Stager also came in for scatter
ing support. Kor a time as he sailed out !
in front. Imperious did look dangerous, )
but he fell a t»it short and under hard urt;- !
ir.g fc>cotch i'laid got up. winning cleverly. ;
Jiigh Hoe ran into the show.
Any sort of an old price against Credo j
looked soft and ve!v«ty, still the ring laid i
ti to a against the jumper. The distance j
was one and a half miles over six ob-
Ftacley, and the crack hurdler eras never
headed. Lonio ran to the notch. leading
out J. O. C for the place. Koer.ig. ridden i
I'v Hu^ston, had sfond call in the ring. I
bat jumped miserably and came to jrrief j
i:t tho third lo«p. Rio Cbieo acted surly
at the pos-t, finally getting left.
The neld competing for the Alexander !
Park handicap over one mile and a six- j
tc-emh. valued at $vvn, was reduced to four j
by declarations. Asked to give away a
lump of weight to Astor, Castake and
Anjou. <Jr**en Morris' filly Janice receded
to 11 to 5, after opening up a 7 to 5 choice.
At post time Castakc was the outsider, i
with 11 to S apainFt either of the other
three starters. Burns was first away on
AMor. and n»ver fully extended. Charley
Ellison's gelding 'canie hume an easy win
ner from Castake and Janice.
Bookmaker Fred Cooks Groat Bend was
the medium of a heavy plunge at short
<-.¦:= in the speculating on the mile selling
affair. I'nfortuntcly the horse's euspi
cious underpinning t-arly gave away, and |
ho iinisheil on throe Iorp, f;ir from first j
money. Han^icapper le-d from the start, j
finishing. rid<3e-n out. over two lengths be
fore Sybaris. Winner was second choice
at odd« of 2U to L
Burns finished up the day by landing
Ffptome fir^t for the final mile and a
sixteenth numher. I>.-» Borgia secured the
l^lace, ridden out. from Barney F.
Track Notes
There is no r-h.ince of the four cornered
rare heinp repeated on Saturday, a? Roll- ]
jr.? Boer and Brutal are In no condition to
race. However, if the track is pood. Can
more and Articulate will meet, as Walter
Jennings is anxious to demonstrate that
the victory of <_'anmore was no lluke.
Farn HiMroth had another Ftreak of
lock yesterday, l'revious to tho racing
tie purchased Credo and Lothian from \
"Boots" Durnoll. giving JJxto for the
former and $13»i> for tho latter, it is saiu. I
J.iothian was entered iu the second race
to be pnld for J-'WM. and never overlooking
bargains. "Billy" Magrane, owner of Tiie
Singer, claimed HiMroth's purchase.
Following are to-d:iy's entries: ?
Fir*t Rare — Fix furlongs; thro^-year-ol<?i< and j
VJ : **!linR: • #
1ES7 Prestidigitator 512 1 1613 Mfehanus 115 !
374S SpM" 105 1617 St. Wood 115
;;<v Toah 1«2 IT.r: Sad Sam 102 i
1C<R Rio <Je AJtar...JO5 13S3 Un Cadoau 112
<l"SS)Edir:Vxiro»a?li ..115
P*con1 Rare— One mile; threVycar-olds and
cr; rur«?: |
By :f\ ie. 3^xjn.i3:Qi_,i J^L3sr3Z). j
Assistant Adjutant General Adams
stated this afternoon that probably two
regiments of. State troops would be use-1
in case the step became necessary to pre
vent the fight. . The Third Regiment,
with headquarters at Day.ton, and the
Second, with headquarters at Lima, will
likely be those chosen, as it is not the
policy of the State to use local yoopj
in a disturbance like this. • .\
FLEISCHMANN ON THE STAND.
Says He Was Justified in Issuing
Permits for the Bout.
CINCINNATI. Feb. 6.— The second day
of the Jeffries-Ruhlln prize-fight cases in
court brought no indication as to when
the hearing would be concluded. The
State is making a most exhaustive effort
to show that the fights scheduled for this
city on February 15 would be a public
nuisance under the provision of the
Ohio law, and on that ground a perma
nent injunction is asked. The promoters
of the fight and their counsel are contest
ing every move made by the State and
claim to be hopeful of polling off the
boxing contesf under the permit of
Mayor Fleisehmann. notwithstanding
the radical action taken by Governc-
Nash and other State officials since las,.
Saturday, and especially to-day.
The sale of seats, the training at the
quarters of Jeffries. Ituhlin. Martin and
Chllds, the work of arranging boxes and
seats at the big hall and all other prep
arations for the event one week from Fri
day night have been proceeding to-day as
usual. It is evident that everything will
be completed and in readiness before a
decision by Judge Hollister can be ren
dered. The only suspension seems to be
In withholding the lithographs and other
display advertising o" the events. Tneae
will be rapidly distributed if Judge Hol
lister refuses to grant an injunction.
Fcnton Lawson, director and secretary
in both the musical and the athletic as
sociation, was the principal witness to
day.
FAXLS TO SIDEWALK
AND FRACTURES SKULL
Sichard Schwarz, Proprietor of Meat
Markst, Meets With. Fatal Ac
cident on Union Street.
Richard Schwarz, proprietor of the New
Golden Gate Valley Market at 1987 Union
street, near Buchanan, fractured his skull
by a fall in the street near his place of
business Tuesday evening and expired
a short time afterward. The ease was
investigated by Detective Tom Gibson
and the officer came to the conclusion
after a careful • examination that the
butcher must have stumbled over a man
hole in the sidewalk and struck his head
against the sidyof the building. Schwarz
had just closea his shop and on. his person
was found $127. His account books, which
he had evidently started to carry home,
were lylne beside him. '
Soon after Schwarz had -fallen Joseph
Austin and John Degtrello found him ly
ing on the sidewalk and carried him to
the oftice of Dr. Giberson. near by. He
was sent from there to his home at 1SS0
Union street, .where he died at .g|:45 p. m.
Schwarz was a German, 51 years ( old and
leaves a family.
Owen Mounce to Ride for August Belmont, the New York
Turfman — Favorites Do Well at Tanforan Park.
COLUMBUS, Feb. 6.— At the re
quest of Governor Nash the
State Emergency Board to-day
authorized him to incur any
• "expense necessary to prevent the
proposed Jeffries - Ruhlln prize-fight,
billed to take place in Saengerfest Hall,
Cincinnati, on February 15.
The request was granted by unani
mous vote of the finance committee,
chairmen of the two houses of the Gen
eral Assembly, the State Auditor and
the Governor.
It is possible that none of this will ba
needed in case the courts should enjoin
the fighters, and even If it becomes necs
sary to use the militia it will hardly be
necessary to call out more than one regi
ment, and tttat will not entail anything
like $3O,0fX> in expense.
The members of the board did not
know until they arrived here that they
were to be called upon to approve such
an expense. • , iU _
This movement on the part of the Gov
ernor leaves no question as to his Inten
tion to use the military arm if the State
law falls to prevent the fight.
following 1* the Governor's letter ask
ing the emergency allowance: ¦
"To the Emergency^ Board of Ohio-
Gentlemen: Whereas there is reasonable
apprehension that a body of men are act
ing together in the city of Cincinnati and
Hamilton County with the intent to com
mit a felony, to wit, bring off a prize
fight, and by force and violence to break
or resist the laws of the State, therefore
I respectfully ask your board to author
ize the adjutant general to create a de
iiclenvy for the transportation, subsis
tence, pay and general expenses of tho
Ohio National Guard in case It should be
come necessary to use them in preventing
the commission; of said felony and in
avoiding the breaking of said laws and
in overcoming resistance to the same
said deficiency not to exceed In amount
$50,000. Respectfully,
"GEORGE K. NASH. Governor."
Daisv Claire; J. Carroll's Master Clalr vs.
Curtis & Sons' Cavalier; J. R. McCarthy's
John Doe vs. George Sharman's Chicago Boy;
J. Carroll's Auckland vs. OoM Dust Kennels
Brutus; P. Doyle's Thelma vs. J. Dean's i-is
quoc; Pasfla Kennels' F*iery Face vs. Krwln
& Lyon's Silver Wings; T. Tierney'e Tea Rose
vs. F. A, McComb's Sir Pasha: George Shar
man's-Black Flush vs. P. J. Reilly's Willful
Widow: Curtla & Sons' Shadow vs. Aeneid Ken.
, n<?ls' Achilles; Pasha Kennels' Roman Ath
lete vs. E. M. KellopB's Iowa Maid; Curtis &
Son6' Vulcan vs. Yosemite Kennels' Sir \an:
Russell & Allen's Spiteful vs. V. J. Healy's
Urania; Russell & Allen's Strayaway vs. J.
Kearn's Lancashire Lass: Ci.etiham & Part
inj?ton's Representative vs. P. A. McComb s
Bonaparte.
After the draw the Interstate Coursing
Club met to perfect plans for the Belle
Brandon cup and the California plate.
State Emergency Board Authorizes Governor Nash to Utilize]
National Guard of Ohio if Necessary. (
William Ramsay, who was attorney for
the Saengerfest Musical Association, had
a wordy conflict with Mr. Lawsnn during
the noon recess of court. Ramsay, as at
torney for the Saengerfest Association,
advised against a scheme which tvaa
called ¦<% lottery In wMch it was proposed
to offer the hip hall as the first prize.
This fjlan was dropped and then, when
the musical association reorganized iisclf
into an athletic association other counsel
than Ramsav was secured. Ramsay tooH
radical exceptions To the testimony of
Lawson during the forenoon and when
court reconvened in the afternoon Law
son and Ramsay wrte put on the stand
fcr their respective statements.
The most Important witness was Mayor
Fleisehmann, who tfstifieil as to the con
ditions under whlcn he granted the per
prize-tlght and ho felt confident that lie
waa jusiifU-d in so uoins. as he gave a
permit for a boxing contest that would
come within the laws of Ohio.
Henry Straus, at Vhosfl cigar store tick
ets are on saio. was kept on the stand
most of the afternoon. Straus testified
to the great demand for tickets and sai'l
the meeting between Jeffries and Ruhlin
was to be a boxing contest and not a
prlze-aght nml he felt confident that h«*
was not selling tickets for an illegal per
formance, but for on« that came within
the provisions of the laws of Ohio.
A feature or the afternoon session vat
an argument between J<jhn M. Waxrins
ton and Judge Moses Wilson on the com
petency of the admission of. the rules cf
the Marquis of Queensberry In evidence
The. court overruled the objection of W^
son. and a copy of tbe rules was admUt* 1
£s evidence. As the contracts that ha\ ¦•
been entered'lnto prcvldw tor contests un
der these rules the r.ttorneyfl for the in
junction consider that they have made a
strong point in theft' efforts to show thit
the event here on February 13 Is to be a
prize-fight for the championship rather
than a boxing contest. The attorneys tot
the Injunction read these rules in open
court with great effect and commented o;i
the brutality that was possible under
them.
WARRANT TOR' ARREST
OF HUSBAND BEATER
Afraid His Wife "Will
Kill Him.
Frank De deer, an Aged Man, 13
Frank de Cleer. an old man living on
Powell and Washington streets, secured a
warrant from Judge Mogan yesterday for
the arrest of his wife, Margaret, on th-j
charge of battery: He did not wish a
more serious charge preferred against
her, he said, because ihey had been mar
ried for many year3.
The old man's head was bound up as the
result of the last beating he received from
his wife and he said his body was cov
ered with bruises and lumps. lie said she
beat him on the slightest provocation ar. I
he was man enough not to strike n.
woman.
"About a week ago," he said, "she bent
me and then presented a revolver at mr
head, threatening to kill me. I ran our.
of the house and I>r. Lord, who was pass
ing, took the revolver from- her. othpr.
wise I am sure she would have shot me."
Sterl & Knowles' Olita won the sixty
dog midweek stake at Union Park yester
day. The favorites had things pretty
much their own way, but few short-end
er s getting the ¦ money, although In the
last course Snapshot, runner-up, was fa
vorite over Olita. The results:
First round— Curtis & Sons' Kcho beat C.
Bonnar's Wild Norah; D. Dillon's Granu'villa
beat Voremlte; Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist
r*-at Pasha Kennels' Run Alone; II. A. Deck
elman s Snapshot beat M. Kolander's Le Roy;
J. Cane's Master Davenport beat G. Lennon'a
Mr Crawford; Sterl At Knowles' RiDDle beat
h . A. MeComb's Crawford Lass: R. E. de B.
Lopez & Son's Minnie Wa Wa beat H. A.
Deokelman's Flyaway; Curtis & Sons' Kibosh
beat Pasha Kennels' Round About; Curtis &.
fr-ons Psyche beat J. Holden's Royalist: R..-
Strahl's Three Cheers beat Curtis & Sons'.
Fashion Plate; F\ A. McComb's Frosty Morn
beat C. E. Wiley's Alatneda Lass: ,H. A.
Deckelman's Lawrence beat Curtis &\ Sons'
McKinley; P. Reilly's Cascade beat Vlnal &
McCarthy's Prairie Princess; J. Hurley's Hur
ricane beat Chiarinl Bros.' Brass Buttons: H.
Perigo's Controller beat L. Hoffman's Prairie
Boy; George McDougall's Colonel I^opez's and
J. R. Smith's Injury In a double bye; Pasha
Kennels' May Hempstead beat J. R. Smith's
Jenn!e Wilson; P. Stelnhoff's Veto beat J. R.
Smith's Password; Cheetham & Partinstoii's
Whim beat Beck & Hoffman's Momus: Sterl
& Knowles' O'Hara beat S. A. Smith's
Hhaughran; L. F. Bartels' Banner Bright beat
J. Smith's Boney Boy; Connell Bros.' Mamie
Pleasant beat O. Zahl's Hummer Boy; Sterl
& Knowles' Rusty Gold bent W. J. Leonard's
Daylight: G. Lennon's Halfmoon beat Yo
fiemlte' Kennels' Rebecca; Sterl & Knowles
Olita beat K. N. TVhitesides' Gold Bur; Pasha
Kennels' Real Article beat -Curtis & Sons'
Rosinante; T. W. Bartels' Best Brand treat J.
Clement's Wautaugh: H. Pertgo's Lady Dav
enport beat F. A. McComb's Royal Fashion; O.-
Zahl's Miss Wilson beat George Sharman's
The Doctor. /
Second round— Granuvilla beat Eoho: Snap
shot beat Sleety Mist: Master Davenport beat
Ripple ;• Minnie Wa Wa beat Kibosh; Psyche
beat Three Cheers; Lawrence beat Frosty
Morn; Hurricane beat Cascade; Controller beat
Colonel Lopez; Veto beat May Hempstead:
O'Hara beat Whim: Banner Bright beat Mamie
Pleasant: Ru.«ty Gold beat Halfmoon; Olita
heat Injury; Real Article beat Best Brand;
Lady Davenport beat Mies Wilson.
Third round— Snapshot beat Granuvilla; Mas
ter Davenport beat Minnie Wa Wa: Lawrence
beat Psyche; Cascade beat Controller after a
no ro; Veto beat O'Hara; Banner Bright beat
Rusty Gold; Olita beat Real Article; Lady
Davennort a bye.
Fourth round— Snapshot beat Master Dav
enport: Lawrence beat Cascade- Banner Bright
beat Veto: Olita beat Lady Davenport. • •
Fifth round— Snapshot beat Master Davenport;
Olita beat I^awrence.
Deciding course— OHta beat Snapshot.
NINETY-SIX HOUNT>S
FOR THE OPEN STAKE
Draw for the Coursing at Union Park
on Saturday and
Sunday.
The draw for the open stake, ninety-six
entries, at Union Park on Saturday and
Sunday, was held at Pythian Castle last
night. The first train on both days will
leave at 10:15 a. m. The draw resulted as
follows:
Draw of open stake, ninety-six entries— T. J.
Cronin's Vixen vg. Curtis & Sons' War Eagie:
A. Bucher's Kanaka xr. \V. C, Glasson's Dew
drop: George "Whitney 1 h Theron vs. .Walsh A
Heenan's Sacramento Boy; H. A. Deckelman's
Uocker vs. Yosemite Kennels' Freedom's Ban
ner; H. Lynch's little. M vs. IV. K. de B.
Lopez's Jewess; Captain Cane's Oreenhall vs.-
S. Handy's- Twin City Girl: Pasha Kennels'
Helle Clalr vs. Joe Smith's Master Workman;
M. Ounlea's Krln vs. I\ J. Rellly'B L*>ckn«?aKh ;
The Star Kennels' Master Lawrence vs. Pasha
Kennels' Rural Artist; Curtis &. Sons' .War
path vs. E. M. KpIIorr's Sweet Emma; J. K.
Smith's Sylvanus vs. Curtis & Sons' Narcissus;
Aeneid Kennels' Agdraemnon vs. K. Geary's
America: E. M. Kellogs's Crawford Belle vs.
J. K'-nneiy's HidalRo; J. Hurley'* ,O K Capitol
vs. J. Hurley's Gramercy; F. A. McComb's
Royal Flui?h vs. T. Doyle's Liberator: J. R.
Smith's Petronius vs. T. J. Cronin's
Wild Tralee; T. Barre's Walt-a-Llttle vs. J.
E. Hopkins' King's Cashier; T. J. Cronin's
Vandal vs. Russell <$r Allen's First Foot: T.
J. Cronin's Daisy Pale vs. J. Kennedy's Ever
Shore; F. Jones' Wedfcewood vs. Jeff Marti
net's Slim: T. Tlerney's Lucretla BorKia. vs.«
W. C. Glasson's lone-; R. E. de B. Lopez's
Sweetness vs. Russell & Allen's Talk to Me;
Curtis & Sons' Maud S vs. H. A. Deckelman's
Master Rocket; Chlarin! Bros.' Santonin vs.
D. J. Healy's Tapioca; Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas
vs. Krsklne & Jones' Lavender; The Star Ken
nels.' Fontenoy vs. George • Parkerson's B*n
Lomond; T. Xeenan's Bab-a-Dim vs. RusspII
A Allen's WeddinK Bells; Chiarlnl Bros.' Bunco
Bill vs. Curtis & Sons" Kins Cotton: Curtis &
Sons' Charta vs. Captain Cane's Victor Boy;
P. Jackson's Honor Bright vs. E. Geary's Ire
land: Yoeemite Kennels' Uncle Fuller 'vs. Yo
semlte. Kennels' Beauty Snot; Gold Dust Ken
nels' Forget vs. Connell Bros." Lob Boy; Cap
tain Cane's Victor Queen vs. E.' Geary's Palo
Alto: R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's The.Levlte
vs. E. M. Kellogg's Kid McCoy; Russell &
Allen's Faithful Lad vs. Russell & Allen's
Second Class Hounds Run Well to
Form and Pikers Go Home
, IMssatisfied With
Besults.
Favorites Rule in the Chas
ing of Hares at Union
; ' Park.
OLITA CAPTURES
MIDWEEK STAKES
TOMMY BURNS FINALLY BECOMES
SET AND PILOTS SOME WINNERS
MILITIA MAY BE CALLED OUT
TO STOP JEFFRIES-RUHLIN FIGHT
RACING, COURSING AND OHIO'S FIGHT ON PUGILISM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1901.
The Divorce Court.
Judge Graham yesterday granted Sarah
A.' .ilcGee .a . divorce /rom . Joseph McGee
on the/ground 1 of desertl&n.. MJnnle Cra
goe secured a'divorce- from ¦William Cra
goe because of his failure to support her.
Judge Kerrigan. granted Agnes Beamish a
divorce T from George M.'; Beamish 1 on the
same ground.'
Aflolph .Gold, who wu adjudged guiitv
of contempt for failing to pay his wife
Minnie Gold, $20 alimony, was discharged
from the custody of tne' Sheriff on prom
ising to 'pay the money, within a week.
The following new ¦ suits "for "divorce
were filed: ; Rose Smith from George D
Smith, failure to provide;. Mary a ?Mox,'
burg from • Andrew ¦¦¦ Mooburg, crueltv
Mary E. Murphy from Joseph E. Murohv
cruelty. . " _"" ¦ — v»* ,
ments and dismissals in the Police De
partment.
"I can appoint arid dismiss the Police
Commissioners." was the answer. "I
have rerommen<W I lie appointment of a
Chief nf Police. Whether I have the
power to remove -.the Chief of Police is a
question. There -are two views of that
matter. The charter gives me no power
to command the police excepting in times
of riot."
SchilHg— Would It be possible to block
sd*- the gamblers?
"I think so," answered the Mayor. "It
would take at least three police-men for
each samnling-houK<\ Estimating that
there axe sixty gambling-houses in China
town l^ft poUoemen would be needed for
that service. The houses' of prostitution
ran be blockaded more cat; fly. White men
have shame when arrested, but the Chi
nese hav<> no shame when their names are
published in the papers."
HO YOW AND HIS TALE
OF THE BLACKMAILER
Captain Seymour Confounds Chief
Sullivan and Contributes the
Sensation of the Session.
An Interview in the Examiner' was re
f<rred to. The Mayor 6sid that the alle
gation in that Interview that the China
town snuad had bocn bribed had had no
reference to the regime of the past year.
Hf> had no suspicion tha.t the" present
Chinatown equad had been bribed. If such
was the fact the remedy would be decapi
tation cf the offenders. With the excep
tion of the Chief. all the other officers of
the Police Department were irremovable
except for cause. The present. Chief, in
reorganizing the department, was asked
to make recommendations if. he found
t^ar.ces to be advisable. He made no sug
pestions for a change, but reported that
the department was working harmoni
ttusly. • ...
Echffflg cskod v.'hether the Mayor had
knowledge that captains of police had let
the orders for rai<is get out before squads
moved.
The Mayor said that such action would
bo j»ufncicnt cause for removal ; that it
would be in the nature of treason. No
complaints had come to the Mayor ask
ing lor the discipline cf any police officer.
Therefore he concluded that the people
were satisfied. The Chief of Police had
told him that he had no control over the
Chinese lottery dealers. lie could do
nothing with them except arrest them.
They had no respect 'for their word. He
did not believe that the police had any
moral effect in Chinatown. It .would l>e
a good thing to clear out th« lottery
joints, for white men get In there surrep
titiously.
"Why haven't they been closed in the
past?" asked Schillig.
4The members of thfi Pacific Cat Club
held a meeting yesterday afternoon at tha
California. Hotel to uerfect plans for tho
second reception and exhibition.' It. will
be held on February lii", between 7 p. m.
and 10 p. m., at the residence' of Mra.
George Law. Smith. 1E2G Jackson street.
The officers of the club are: .President,"
Mrs. C. E. Martnling: secretary, Mrs. A.
H. Brod; corresponding- secretary, Mrs. A.
H. Hoag; treasurer, Mrs. Hildebrand.
Cat Club Exhibition.
Arrangements— M. Stanlslch. E. GudelJ ana
K. Mandlch. Floor— G. A. Dafoovich (man
ager), V. Milisirh (assistant floor manager),
B. GudelJ, M. Stanisich. C. Mandlch and C.
Sladovich. Reception— M. Zenovich. P. S. S«t
encich, G. Kovacevich, L. Achlmovich, B. Mat
kovich, M. Mlsevlch and J. Zorlch.
The Servian-Montenegrin Society held
its twenty-first anniversary ball last night
at Saratoga Ha.ll. and the members and
friends had a very pleasant time. The
affair was under the direction of the fol
lowing committees:
Servian-Montenegrin Society Ball.
Club is in a quandary over the attitude of
the Eastern amateur boxing champions
and their contemplated visit to this coast
for a tournament In March.
In a letter to the Olympic Club Director
W. E. Sullivan of the American Union
declares that the champions. Scholes.
Mumford. Rodenbach and Brown, will not
come to the coast unless they receive re
compense for what they, will lose In their
business positions. The Olympic Club re
fuses to consider this side of the matter
at all. It will pay all actual expenses,
entertain the boxers most hospitably, but
that Is all. It appears that' Scholes, feath
er-weight champion, is the one who wants
money, something beyond the pale of
amateur conduct. The Olympic Club di
rectors feel no doubt about the accept
ance of their original offer.
Brltt will train for tho feather-weight
contest. : ! . r , ¦
EJ.STERN BOXERS MUST
•^^COME OFF HIGH HORSES
Olympic Club Directors Are Satisfied
That They Will Accept the
Original Offer.
The board of directors of the Olympic
Santa Barbara Special Policeman
Puts a Bullet Through Thomas
Collins' Heart.
SANTA BARBARA, Feb. 6.— Thomas
Collins -*. was shot through the heart bv
Special Policeman E. C. Nlles and killei
Instantly. this evening in front of a Jap
anese disorderly house. Collins attempt
ed to wreck, the house and was shot by
Officer "Niles. who fired -through the front
door, having- been, summoned to protect
the place. ' Collins was an ex-convlct.
Women Wreck Drug Stores.
¦ CHICAGO. Feb. , 6.— Crying out < tfiat
drugs ; were agents of the devil, a half
dozen women, followers of Dowle, the
faith-cure leader, adopted the tactics of
Mrs: Carrie . Nation to-day and - wrecked
a number of drugstores on the West Side.
In some Instances there were, hand-to
hand fights -with the druggists. No ar
iests were made. .
SHOOTS THROUGH DOOR
AND KILLS A ROUGH'
V: v ments.
" WASHINGTON, Feb. 6.— Debate on the
postofflce appropriation bill consumed an
other day In the House. About two hours
were consumed by Chairman Loud of the
Postofflce Committee, who was a member
of the Postal Commission, in the discus
sion of the subjects investigated by lt.
The remainder of the time was occupied
in debate upon the three subjects, pneu
matic tube service, special mail facilities
and railway mail pay. It was agreed be
fore adjournment to-day that the debate
should close to-morrow at 12:30 p. m.,
when the votes should be taken upon the
several amendments which are pending.
Time Set for Closing the Debate and
Taking Vote on the Amsnd-
POSTAL BILL STILL
BEFORE THE HOUSE
Americans.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 6.— Americans
interested In Korean gold mining and
other Industrial projects are alleged to be
at the head of a plot to practically cause
the overthrow of the present Ministry of
Korea. Four high Ministers are charged
with treason at tho instigation of the
wealthy and adventurous Americans an-J
several officials of the present adminis
tration are likely to lose their hold in the
squabble: Japan has taken an active hand
in the' difficulty by demanding that th-?
four Ministers be dismissed en account of
their share In the ttlal. conviction- and
illegal execution of Ah and Kwong. whose
deaths last year created such a sensation
in Oriental politics.
The officials are L! In Yong. president
of the Seoul-Wljt Railway; Chang Pongh
wan. Chief Chamberlain: Aroer Sak and
I,u Fong Tu, Privy Councilors. The ac
cuser of the latter three was originally
Li In Yong, w-hosa name now Is at the
head of the list of alleged traitors.' LI is
especially charsed v/ith havlnp first been
in league with the executed fugitives from
Japan and to have then turned against
them and caused their ruin.
Various telegrams from Seoul say that
a political crisis is expected and there is
great excitement in the capital. The dis
patches say that the American clique is
undoubtedly at the back of the trouble,
as the Ministers accused belong to the
old and useless scnool ¦ which is putting
every hindrance in the way of industrial
enterprises.
Charges of Treason Preferred at the
Instigation of Rich
PLOT TO OVERTHROW
THE KOREAN MINISTRY
SING EING. N. Y.. Feb. 6.-Lorenzo
Priori, who murd<>rfd Vincenzo Garuzo 5n
N^w Y<->rk City Docpmber II. 1S9*. and a
few weeks njro secured a stay of execu
tion by the representation that the crime
was committed by his wife's brother.
James Sar-<-ardo. was put to death In the
electric chair In the State prison here to
day.
Priori Executed.
WASHINGTON. Ffb. 6.— The President
to-day Fer.t the following nominations to
the Senate: Carroll D. Wright of Mas
rachus«»ttF. to be Commissioner of Labor:
Oscar Malmros of Minnesota, to b<» Consul
Rt Colon. Colombia; Edward P. Seeds f>t
Inwa. to be Dfputy Auditor for the War
Departmert; John B. Pclton of Colorado,
receiver of public moneys at Montrosp.
<~olo.: trfasury. revenue servic*> — Flrs»t As
*!star.t Knglnror Fred R. Falkenstein of
Maryland, to bo chief cr.glnr-er: Third As
sistant Engineer William V. Sullivan of
Mississippi, to be second assistant engi-
r *^ r - • &9&I
Nominated by the President
Xar.v Lives Lost in Russian
T rans -Caucasia.
BAKU. RuEElan Trans-Caucasia, Feb. 6.
—A Ore" broke out yesterday in the maga
zines of the Caspian and Black Sea Com
pany, which contained six million poods
of petroleum. The conflagration resulted
lr. grr-at loss cf life and widespread dam-
Th»> flames ppread to other depot?, hav
ing a capacity cf 12,000.000 poods of
naphtha, which poured out like a stream
of lava, inundating and setting fire to the
dwellings of the workmen, which were to
tally destroyed. Many persons perished.
Twenty charred bodies have been found
and upward of fifty people ar«» terribly
hurned. Four hur.dr«l families lost every
thing they pop«f.c S<S( j
The magazines ar* still burning and
neighboring r«»sorvoim are In great dan
fr*>r. A general panic prevails.
Etcht naphtha pprlngs belonging to the
Melikoff. Ralskl and Caspian companies
caught fire on February 3.
Forty D-wellings Are Destroyed and
ELAZIXG PETROLEUM
CAUSES HAVOC AJTD DEATH
"That the superintendent of the Mili
tary Academy shall make such rules, to
be- approved by the Secretary of War, as
will effectually prevent the practice of
hazing, and any cadet found guilty of
i participating in or encouraging or coun
tenancing such practice shall be sum
marily expelled from the academy, and
shall not thereafter be reappointed to the
corps of cadets or be eligible for appoint
ment hs a commissioned officer in the
aTmy or navy."
The bill as amended then was passed.
Aldrich of Rhode Island next called up
the war revenue reduction bill, and it was
read. He said no written report upon the
bill had been submitted, but he would ex
plain the committee's action after he had
perfected the measure.
The first amendment added to the
"promissory notes" (providing for the re
peal of the stamp tax on such instru
ments) the words "and any renewals
thereof."* _¦"„ I 1 ' ¦¦'- .'.-
The second modified the paragraph re
moving the stamp tax on bonds, making
it read as follows:
"Bonds of every description, not includ
ing, however, the bonds provided for In
the first paragraph of schedule A of said
act of bonds for indemnifying- any person
or persons, firms or corporation who shall
have become, bound or engaged as surety
for the payment of any sum of money or
I for the due execution or performance of
the duties of any office or position and
to account for money received by virtue
thereof." The ameuuments.were agreed
The next amendment Included "perfum
ery and cosmetics," providing for a pen
alty for failure to affix stamps to medici
nal and'proprietary preparations. It was
agreed to. as were other amendments as
follows; Providing for a rebate upon un
broken packages of cigars and tobacco;
authorizing- the cancellation of stamps on
fermented liquors by. perforations: reduc
ing by one-half the tax on foreign bills
of exchange; for the appointment of a
competent person ta secure the enforce
ment of- the tax Imposed .upon legacies
and distributive shnres of personal prop
erty; providing that the purchaser of. an
uncompounded medicinal drug on which
Consideration of the Military Academy
appropriation bill then was resumed, the
pending question being the amendment
qffered by Allen of Nebraska, pro
viding that cadets, upon entering the
academy, should take an oath not to en
gage in hazing, and if found guilty of
hazing should be dismissed from the
academy and not bo eligible thereafter to
hold a position either in' the army or in
tho navy. of the United States.
As agreed to, the hazing paragraph
reads as follows:
An amendment substituting an Income
tax for the war'revenue measure, offered
by Morgan of Alabama, was rejected by a
party vote, 21 to 38.
Beginning at 8 o'clock this evening the
first of a promised series of night sessions
was held to discuss the shipping bill. The
entire session was devoted to a continu
ous round of intellectual pyrotechnics.
Practically every question that has been,
or Is likely soon to be before the Senate,
was discussed, but very little time was
devoted to the pending measure." Notable
speeches were made by Jones of Arkansas
and Aldrich of Rhode Island. The Ar
kansas Senator was passionate In his de
nunciation of the methods of the majority
to force the shipping bill to an Issue and
Aldrlch's response was quite as keen and
vigorous in their defense. From a specta
cular point of view, the session was inter
esting, and. the sharp colloquies and snap
py speeches were hugely enjoyed by those
on the floor and by ' the large crowds In
the galleries.
Several bills were passed, including one
appropriating $50,000 for the preparation
of a site and the erection of a pedestal
for a statuo of the late Major General
George B. McClellan in Washington City,
and one authorizing- the Arizona Water
Company to construct a power plant on
the Pima-Indian Reservation, in Marlcopa
County. Arizona.
During the remainder of the afternoon
session the war revenue reduction bill was
before the Senate. A determined but un
succccssful effort was made to reduce Ihe
tax on bank checks and to provide that
telegraph and express companies should
bear the burden of the tax on messages
and packages sent. The Finance Com
mittee amendment, levying a tax on
transactions in so-called "bucket shops,"
modifying the tax on cigars and cigar
ettes and providing for a rebate on un
broken packages of tobacco, in addition- to
several others of a minor character, were
adopted.
WASHINGTON*. Feb. 6.— Two important
measures were disposed of by the Senate
to-day, the Military Academy appropria
tion bill and the war revenue reduction
measure. The former was under con
sideration less than an hour. The only
change made in it was the strengthening
of the provisions against hazing at West
Point. w 4». ; ;
At the night session practically no busi
ness was transacted. Arguments were
heard for. and against the necessity of
night sessions, pending legislation was
extraneously discussed and much petty
quibbling indulged In. At 11 o'clock the
Senate adjourned.
Allison offered an amendment exempting
from the tax levied upon life insurance
companies any post mortem assessment
association organized and conducted sole
ly for the members thereof, which was
agreed to. The bill was then passed with
out division. «
A committee amendment modifying the
tax on cigars and cigarettes In accordance
with tho proposition made previously by
Platt of Connecticut was agreed to.
The amendment of the committee fixing
the tax upon transactions In stocks
through so-called "bucket-shops" was
agreed to, with an amendment offered by
Mason providing that a tax of two cents
instead of one cent "on each one hun
dred dollars in value of the merchandise
covered or pretended to be covered."
the tax already has been paid shall not
be required to pay farther tax.
Operation on Kruger's Eye.
UTRECHT, Holland. Feb. 6.— A_n opera
tion on Mr. Kruger's right eye was suc
cessfully performed to-day.
NEW YORK. Feb. 6.— Justice Lawrence
in the Supreme Court to-day signed a de
cree of divorce In the suit brought
by Mrs. Wilhelmina Marie McDowell
apainst William Melbourne McDowell,
the actor and former husband of Fanny
Davenport. The papers in the case were
not made public, and the name of the co
respondent is not known. By the terms
of the decree Mr. McDowell is forbidden
to marry again during the life of the
plaintiff. WtHEl
SAXTA CRUZ. Feb. 6.— Mayor Parker
has received a reply from, -an Invitation
extended to President McKinley to visit
this city. The letter, dated "Washington,
January "4." is as follows: ¦:,-.•: .-
Tour letter of th<> 17th Instant, extending to
the President a cordial invitation to visit your
city en the occasion of his proposed trip to
the Pacific Coast, lias been received. In reply
I b^r leav* to Ftate that th» plans for the
trip have not yet been completed, and lt is
rot known what cities will be Included In the
itinerary. I shall, however, be glad to call
attention to your wishes when the details of
the Journey are un«ier consideration. Assur
ing you of the Precldt-nt's cordial appreciation
'GEORGE B. " CORTEL.YOU,
Secretary to the President.
Actor McDowsll Divorced.
Receive Attention.
Invitation Sent by Santa Cruz Will
MR. McKINLEY-S REPLY.
In a memorandum Issued to the troops
under his command at Aldershot General
Buller, referring to the British army In
South A/rica, criticizes the lack of in
itiative and independence of action shown
by subordinate commanders and refers to
the independent, intelligent action on the
part of the rank and file.
A special from Bloemfontein says: The
Pos=t publishes a passionate appeal from
Plet Dewet, chairman of the Peace Com
mission, to his brother, Christian, to sur
render.
A Lourenzo Marques special says: The
railway has been cut by the Boers fifty
three kilometers from here.
General Kitchener, in a. dispatch from
Pretoria, says: "Smith-Dorrien has oc
cupied Lake Charisse. French is driving
back the en<=my to Amsterdam. Dewet's
force Is still north of Thaban'chu. His
men damaged a train of transport wagons
at Pompey's siding this morning."
LONDON. Feb. 6.— Tho "War Office an
nounces that in view of the recent Boer
activity the Government has decided In
addition to the large forces recently
equipped locally in South Africa, to re
enforce General Kitchener with 30,000
mounted troops. In explaining how these
re-onforcements are to be obtained the
War Office says recruiting for the Im
perial Volunteers has been so rapid that
it is anticipated 10.000 men will shortly
be available from this source. The new
mounted constabulary may be relied upon
to furnish 8000 new colonial contingents,
replacing withdrawals therefrom. Prob
ably 5000 of the remainder will be sup
plied by cavalry and mounted infantry at
home.
More Men — De^et's Force Is
Very Active.
Kitchener Will Get Thirty Thousand
FKESH TROOPS TO
FIGHT THE BOERS
Under the new bill Secretary Gage estimates there will be a surplus of
$26,000,000 at the end of the next fiscal year. In his calculations, however,
he estimates an Increase of $S3,000,000 in expenditures. The estimated receipts
under the bill are $74,533,955.
Schedule A, stamp taxes on bonds, certificates, etc., $11,290,000: schedule
B, proprietary medicines, cosmetics, etc., $2,700,000; beer, $13,765,707: special
taxes, $2,077,127; tobacco. $8,389,311; snuff, $447,522; cigars, $1,594,822; legacies,
$576,805: cigarettes. $4,000,000. ", ¦: ".
WASHINGTON, Feb. C— The war tax reduction bill as passed by the Sen
ate to-day reduces the revenue $44,S2l,537. as follows:
REDUCTION OF THE WAR TAX.
Kearny street, announcing that she would
return home in a few days. The girl ran
away because a 74-vcar-old tailor named
Jackson, who has a shop at 009 Kearny
street, and for whom ane had been work
ing, gave her mother some sound advice
as to the proper way in which' a young
girl should be reared, and suggested that
it was wrong for a girl to flirt with
young men.
Sitmor Saracco. the Premier, thereupon
declared -that in view of these singular
results in the voting he would consider
what decision he would adopt. The CnaiP
ber then adjourend.
It is thought probable that the Cabinat
will resign.
As the previous motion formed an
amendment to thip latter motion. Signor
Daneo asked to be allowed to modify it.«
The President refused the request and tho
Chamber rejected Slencr Daneo's motioa
by a votp of 22S to 1.
The President of the Chamber then
submitted a • motion made by Signer
Daneo, to the effect 'hat, as the dissj
lution of the Labor Exchange at Genoa
had demonstrated the uncertainty of tl-.e
economic and politic.il intentions of the
Government, the Government be invited
to explain its policy.
ROME, Feb. <?.— The Government was
defeated in the Chamber of Deputies to
day by* a vote of 31S to 102 on the debate,
on the dissolution of the Labor Exchange
at Genoa, which has lasted several days.
Government Defeated in the
Italian Chamber of
Deputies.
LABOR EXCHANGE
IS DISSOLVED
Senate Passes Appropriation and Revenue
Bills and Holds Night Session.
DEATH BLOW TO HAZING
AT MILITARY ACADEMY
who left home suddenlv about a month
ago, leaving no trace of her whereabouts..
Is In Portland, Or. A letter was received
from her yesterday by a friend in this,
city, in which Theresa says that- she went
to Portland with two girls who* used to
perform at the Cineograph Theater in this
city under the name of Howard and Scott.
She sent a dispatch yesterday to her
mother, who keeps a lodging-house on
Sixteen-Year-Old Vestmaker Writes
That She Will Rsturn Soon to
Mamma.
Theresa Johnson, the 16-year-old" girl.
MISSING GIEIi THERESA
JOHNSON IS IN PORTLAND
THE REV. FATHER P. D.
BRADY, POPULAR PASTOR
OF ST. JOHNS PARISH.
Lieutenant Colonel Charles Keeler, Twenty
f>»crnd Infantry; Lt. Col. S. P. Jocelyn. Twenty
fifth Infantry: Major Guy L. Edlc, surgeon
V. S. V. ; Captain Thomas Peabofly, for
mer master of the Cyrus Wakefleld; First
Lleu.tenant R. C. Marshall. Sixth Cavalry, and
wife: First Lieutenant Thomas J. Powers,
Twentieth Infantry: First Lieutenant XV. E.
Stewart. Third Infantry :¦ Second Lieutenants
C. H. Wilson. Thirty-second Infantry; Charle3
AV. nowdle. Thirty-ninth Infantry, and Robert
A. Caldwell. Forty-second Infantry; Acting
Assistant Surgeons C. H. Pitcher. William K.
James and Wllllajn H. Roberts: Mrs. C. K.
Stanton, Mrs. Roberts, Mrs. Uoodyear, child
and nurse: Mrs. L. P. Smith, Misa Winifred
Mean". Miss Ida Leary. Miss Jeanette Mc-
Donald. Miss Abble H. Zanero and MNs Caro
lina Felt, contract nurses: W. A. Shannon.
Postofflce Department; Julian F. Trask, ex
clerk Quartermaster's Department: Harold
Lazares. engineer Medical Department; Charles
Rlevelev.' ex-clerk Quartermaster's Depart
ment: E.'H. Oullck. employe Quartermaster's
Department; Otto HennlnR. ex-mate Cyrus
Wakefleld; I... H. Prince, clerk to Lt. Col. Joce-.
Ivn. and seventeen men of the crew of the
Cyrus Wakefleld.
The cabin passengers on the transport
In addition to the oncers of the Thlrty
eeventh are:
The 250 sick soldiers on the Sheridan
were sent to the Presidio, where it was
found that 125 were fit for immediate dis
charge. The rest, including the eieht lit
ter cases, were admitted to the General
Hospital. •
Quarters have been prepared at the Pre
sidio for the newly arrived volunteers and
they will be taken on bay steamers this
morning at 9 o'clock from the Sheridan
and landed at the Presidio wharf.
At Nagasaki Paso.uale Tuozzo. one of
the forty-two general prisoners on board,
escaped. He was being transported to
this country to serve a sentence of ninety
nine years.
Nelson Larrbie. Company F, Thirty-seventh
Infantry: AV. R. Anderson. Company A.
Fourth Cavalry: Fred Whitesell, Company B,
Third Infantry: Benjamin Taylor, Company
U. Thirty-seventh Infantry, and H. M. Wain
ing 1 , Company E, Forty-second Infantry.
The Sheridan had a smooth voyage, the
deaths of five soldiers being the only dis
tressing incidents. Two of the deaths oc
curred shortly after the vessel arrived in
port. The names of those who died on
the voyage are as follows:
Colonel B. F. Cheatham. Major B. M. Kceh
ler. i'artains Sam Van I^oer, Nick K. Glvens,
r. N. Clark. J. E. Moran. W. B. Hanna.
Michael Flaherty and A. J. Erlckson; First
Lieutenants A. j. Brijjht. J. C. Patton. R. O.
KaR.«rlal<\ C M. Mcl/ester. E. D. V. D. Murphy.
Frank Auswald. .T. S. E. Youjif. E. D. Sinks
and Winston" Pllrher: Second Lieutenants K.
V. Raskette, William I). Alken. Harry J.
OBricn. John Storck. \V. <}. Miles. L. W.
• •aw. R. AV. Walker. H. K. Totter and J. AV.
Melntyre.
Only 654 men of the original regiment
arrived on the Sheridan, the rest having
been invalided home from time to time.
The transport's burden of soldiers con
tained those upon whom two and a half
years' of arduous toil and hardships in
the swamps and rice paddies had made
no Impression other than the browning of
skins and the hardening of muscles.
The Thirty-seventh Infantry enjoys the
distinction of having upon its company
rosters soldiers who are the pick of the
replments sent to Manila at the com
mencement of Ihe Spanish war. It was
organized in Manila from the men of the
Tennessee. Montana. Kansas and South
Dakota regiments, who preferred the $100
bounty .money, and the travel pay from
Manila to place of enlistment and the
chance of continued war to an earlier
return to their homes. One battalion is
made up of Tennesseans alone. Uncle
Sam's liberality has given the Thirty-sev
enth a reputation to be proud of.' It re
turns to this country the richest regiment
in the service. The paymaster has de
posited to the credit of the men more
than $150,000. a third of which sum is
owned by the men of Company D, Colonel
Cheatham. in speaking of the regiment
under his command.' paid:
"I would like to tell you of the splendid
behavior of my men. In every instance
where the officers have promised anything
on behalf of the regiment, the men were
as one in acting so as to enable the offi
cers to keep their word. The Thirty-sev
enth has since its organization bee"n a
source of- pride to the army. Company
after company, when given an opportuni
ty, has behaved in a manner worthy oC
such a gathering of American boys. Con
stantly in the field, they were enabled to
show "the stuff they were made of. and in
r.o single instance have they failed to 'get
what they went for.' General MacArthur,
in piving us our orders to return to oui
homes, complimented the regiment highly
on its splendid behavior.
"The amount of money In the hands of
the paymaster, credited to the men. is
proof that they have not wasted their
substance in riotous living, or in giving
their commanders cause for worry. When
the Sheridan landed at Nagasaki I gave
everv man permission to go ashore and
remain until a certain hour, and every
man answered to his name when the time
was up. They are all ashore now with
permission to" remain until 11 p. m.. and
every man jack of them will be back on
time/'
Following is a list of the officers of the
Thirty-seventh Regiment:
Once again throngs of San Franciscans
have turned out to welcome Uncle Sam's
returning volunteers. Hundreds of people
gathered on the water front' yesterday to
tender a hearty greeting to the Thirty
seventh Infantry, which arrived here ear
ly yesterday morning— the advance guard
of the 25.000 volunteers who for tho last
two years have been enduring all sorts
of dangers and encountering stirring ad
ventures under the Stars and Stripes in
Luzon.
ization — Iteginrent Has Accu
mulated Both Honors
- and Cash.
Recruited From Men of State Organ-
Thirty-Seventh Infantry Re
turns After More Than
Two Years' Service.
SHERIDAN BRINGS
HOME VOLUNTEERS
He Will Lecture To-Night at Metropolitan
Hall in Aid of St. John's Parish.
Individual judgment as to the merits of
Father Kruger's power to heal the sick
and larne is of little consequence com
pared with the assertions of thousands of
men. women and cnildren whom he has
treated arsd cured. He is a remarkable
man. hut he is not entitled to be classed
xviih the Sehlatters and other self-styled
messiahs who rose to eminence a year or
two p. go.
Fa:h«=r Kruger's fame is spreading
throughout the United States. Some of
the subject? treated by him claim his
vovrrr to be divine, others say It is hyp
notic, ar.d again it is said to be magnetic.
As for Father Kruger. it is understood
that he docs not define his powers.
Father Krucer has been denounced as
a C'jack by physicians, but he continues
his work without Jot or hindrance. He
has b<"-en called twice to Rome, but each
time the Pope decided that the arraign
ment was baseiep^, and that there was
no cause for the Pontiff to interfere with
the work of the priest.
The records show that more than 6000
people have received treatment at his
hands during the last year. Many are
the stories told of Father Kruger's won
derful cures, which, for the most part,
seem to have been permanent ones. A
recital of some of the twentieth century
marvels performed by him would seem to
be incredible. Whatever may be said con
cerning Father Kruger. it cannot be
charged that he ministers to the fick and
r.ee-iy from selfish motives, for he makes
no char^» for his labors.
OMAHA. Feb. 6.— Adi-ices from Canova,
B. P.. tell of the wonderful cures of Fath
er Krcger, which in some instances ap
pear to be ali but miraculous. The trains
are laden with people bound for his parish
house, eager to subject themselves to his
rnlnistratior.?. The r"gn~age pf afflicted
people to this Mecca baa assumed enor
ir.o-js proportions and the present limited
hotel accommodations are overcrowded.-
Father Kruger's attempt to meet the de
mand by improvising a dormitory, or
rjuartcrs. for the pilgrims has given rise
to the impression that he is maintaining
a sanitarium.
Ppec'.cl P:?r*tch to The Call.
.
Thousands Treated by the
Priest in South
Dakota.
FATHER KRUGER'S
WONDERFUL CURES
The prir e of Rdmleslor. to the lecture ha«
been fixed at 50 cents, with a charge of C3
cent! for reserved peals. Tickets will b?
r>n pale to-day at Gildea's clothing store,
rr.rrer of Grant avenue and Market street,
from 10 a. m. to Z p. m.. and at the hall
this evening.
St. John's parish, of which the Rev.
Father P. D. Brady is= ;>a"=tor. is to receive
The proceeds of th<* Kcture. The monev
is to be appJieii to t«<* building fund of
that parish, whirh is -><i th<^ Mission roa I.
and or.re contained St. Mary's College.
The Rev Father Bixdy is one of thi
ablest and most popular priests In Sar
Francis'-" and his efforts to unbuild hi.*
parish ar.d erect a church bulldinir ar
unceasing and nre meeting with Fucces?.
The parish has suocee<1ed In erecting a
parn<-hia] residence and now desires a
suitable h^use of worship, it is only a
matter «f time, in view of Father Brady
energetic efforts:, when this drsire will be
fulfilled. He invites -ill his friends to at
tend The lecture.
the people of San Kran<-lsco wtil
p»rharw ever have ihe opportunity of
J'stening to. it is on the subject. "The
Prison of the Pope." JU.d the Rev. Father
ivter C. Yorko will deliver it. Father
Yorke is one of the ablest lecturers of the
day and the subject he has chosen is one
of the most Important known to ths
<'hristisn world, deaiiii^ a? it does with
ihe relations existing between the Quirinal
ar.d the Vatican. He .-ludied it. personally
¦while in Rome.
AT Metropolitan Hall, on Fifth
street, there wl'l be delivered th!s
*>ver.ir.g ow of the most ontertain
!r.c and Instructive lectures that
"PRISON OF THE POPE,"
FATHER YORKE'S THEME
•rf-=v>y OSE, the little 12-year-old daugh-
II JW ter of °* Kreitler . w ho resides
\h\ at 40 Clementina street, disap-
IL^N peared from her home last Wed
nesday and no trace of rfer Has
since been discovered. The circumstances
surrounding the case seem to indicate that
the child was enticed from home.
The missing girl was a pupil in the
fourth grade of the JefEerson Grammar
School on Tehama street and on the day
of her disappearance she left school at
noon presumably to go to her dinner,
since which time she has not been seen.
The distracted parents, assisted by the
police, have assiduously searched for her
in this city and in Oakland, but without
success. It is thought by the police that
she is being concealed somewhere in Oak
land, as she h< reported, by one of her
companions as having said that she In
tended to visit across the bay.
The circumstance that led the police to
believe that she was enticed from home
is that she frequently had money In her
possession which was not given to her
by her parents. It is thought that those
who gave her this mon*y enticed her from
home.
Rose is described as being a comely
child, well developed and very bright
She was well treated at home and had
no cause to run away. The parents of
the child are recent arrivals from Gw
many and" she has no relatives in this
country.
Twelve-Year-Old School Miss Believed to
Have Been Enticed Away. • . .
LITTLE GIRL STRANGELY
DISAPPEARS FROM HOME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1901.
ROSEKREITLER. 12-YEAR-OLD
SCHOOL GIRL, WHO IS MISS
ING.
5
wjflo|^^|M^^RuBfiv nHS^^^—gHH iPBMIdl -i^JUftiy
THE BEST
\3 *" vPtt^^r B B wSfc k4 vtj vNS |BH
:•¦;'¦; ' ¦ .¦•"•:
"4 CesHine Old Brandy made from Wins.
; '.' »:. >' — Mtdvxl Prtst xLondori), Avg. 1389 ¦
flT ALL RESORTS AND RESTAURANTS
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO., sax francisco
Pacific Coast Acents
H^^^^ is only possible wliin your H
M feet are on the p^da'.s, and behind the pedals E
I MORROW COASTER BRAKE. I
H Adds one hundred per cent, to the plf-asure of B
HJ cycling. Sold by aU dealers. Booklet free, g
R Ellipse Ml*. Co., Manufac'n, Elmira, N.Y. fj
For sale \fl- all dealers In bicycles
and bicycle sundries. ¦
Broken
Eyeglass
1j*™** r*T>t»c»4 for 50 c«ntt.
Any A«t!«rra«tie Irases duplicated for 91.00
and 91 .SO.
Guaranteed correct and best quality.
Oculists' pTMCTlption* fllltd. Factory on
prtmlaes. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 10.
OPTICIANS^ HM >«™*.
642 Market St. instruments
uMotB cHRo*m building. Catalogue Fr".^
DR.MEYERS&CD. jgfH%
Specialists. Diseas* x5»?" '
and -weakness \ of fS^f
men. Kstablish?a S§Vf *^Z&&&R\
ISM. Consultation cVTgf f&P\Zf
and private booit v«y. I /-A
free, at offlco or by wirld $3a
mail. Cures euar- WftftWaMi'— "t *-¦ ¦
anteed. \".% t Mat- fc«*Li*2cSD''£ '
ket street (.elevator A^Wl^
entrance). Si.! y^\Jv^^M^
:v v ADVERTISEMENTS.
Of National Reputation Are the Men Who
Recommend Peruna to Fellow Sufferers.
A Remarkable Case Reported From the State
of New Y6rk.
CONGRESSMAN HOWABD OF ALABAMA.
Mouse Of Representatives, ) , but was taken with very distressing pains
• r- i y -tnnn r * n stumach.
Washington, Feb. 4, 1899. \ "I seldom haa a passage of the bowels
' naturally. I consulted another physician.
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, with no better results. Tho disease kept
_, . growing on me. until I had exhausted the
UnlO: ability of sixteen of Rochester's best phy-
_ » *•-- i r . i n sician?. The last physician advised me tn
Gentlemen — "/ have taken Heruna give up my work and go South, after he
now for two weeks, and find lam very §»] RSBi"£S ?&r£Srb examination
much relieved. I feel that my cure with the x-ray. They coum not even de-
.... . ,, i a l termine what my
will be permanent. I have also taken trouble was. some. ¦
it for la grippe, and I take pleasure °^°^ [Z li no'J IBlPBllllB
in recommending Peruna as an excel- Chester papor? \^^hr< ts&jfgblSIs
»¦¦'•¦• i * ii i it it f seempd to me Frgrjfy ™ xKSSS
lent remedy to all fellow sufnrers. — worthy of consid- glp.f »s?
M IV HnwnrH eratioh. a n '1 T £&£?} — -» _m. ?^^
tn. W. nnwara. made up mv mind g^*t £3J| gp^ fjg
Congrsssman Howard's home ad- bogieof gag v jjj
dress is Per* Payne, Ala. the bottle wn? |p§la ;fg\ Jlil
MOST people think thnt catarrh. Is a tlc-rl "a chance 5c5ii|j'\^
disease coniinod t<> thf> head and for the better. I f£2?yKL \ Zf IBSSS
nr>.«e. NVthinR i< farther from the am now on the W&'ij*^*\/>j5£i&£i
truth. It may be that tho nose and throat rifth bottle. anJ \" ./, '• S&^wWSKiIXt;
is the oftenost affected by catarrh, but If have not an ache \ ¦'SX
this Is so it i« so only because these parts or pain anywhere.: ,. .„ -, p
are more exposed to the vicissitudes of My bowels move; . f\{ "z *:. r^ "
the climate than the other parts of the regularly every, .-i "II s i'Vrlv .feart
bod >'- , , da >'- and J nave with ?atar?hai Tdvsrfen
Every organ, every duct, every cavity taken on eighteen lik and am nnw a 5fJli
of the human body is liable to catarrh. A pounds of flesh. I n and *™ n °* a f^«! 1
multitude of ailments depend on catarrh, have recommend- J^*"' i tif.1' »,.,„ ?«;
This is true winter and summer. Catarrh e d Peruna. to a ! "*".* r e _ or m ore
causes many crises of chronic disease. Krea t many, and l *S.% I }* > ce >e , a " ° t r ""d
where the victim has not the slightest sus- tney recommend! hv ":.«,?£ plnfnl t hIt-2
piclon that catarrh has anything to do ! u very highly. I £L* consiStEd bv a
with ft. have told several manv neonl J»^
The following letter, which gives the ex- people that if.
Derience of Mr. A. C. Lockhart. is a case they would take, %v • *' eter - on -
In nninf a bottle of Pe-
\ r A' C Lockhart. We«t Henrietta. X. runa, and could then candidly say that It
V' box 68 in a letter written to Dr. Hart- had not benefited them. I would pay for
man savs' the following of Peruna: the medicine. >t -A. C. Lockhart.
"About fifteen years ago I commenced If you do not derive prompt and satia-
to be ailing and consulted a physician. He factory results from the use of Peruna.
pronounced my trouble a species of dys- write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
bensia and advised me. after he had full statement of your case and he will
treated me about six months, to get a be pleased to give you his valuable advice
leave of absence from my business a"nd bo gratis. ;¦:• . '
mo the countrv. I did so and got tern- Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
porary relief. l"went back to work again. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.
A TOUGH CUSTOMER
a man must be that we can't suit in fln«
laundry work". We have yet to find him.
and would like to see what he looks like.
Connoisseurs give us the palm for the ex-
quisite color and finish that we lay on
their linen and claim that our work Is
unsurpassed In beauty and in economy
of your garments. Bring In your shirts.
collars- end cuffs and sample for yourself.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Stress
Telephone-South 42O,
Oakland Offlce-62 San Pablo Ave
DR. HALL'S BEIS VIGOB ATOBSraia
Fiv? hunJred reward for any ftMTrtH
case we cannot cure. This secret |JmU MHp
remedy stops aU leases In 2* hours. 3 3
cures Emission*. Impoter.cy. Vari- gQ BTB
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. WW Rffl
Stricture*. Lost ManhcoU and all LLUJ L&-J
wasting effects or self-abuse or IeWL)* 5^
excesses. Sent sealed, t- bottle: 3 Bu&SEVSwQ
bottles. $5: guaranteed to cur* any case. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, »i
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at \31l~.
Market St.. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for free book.
OR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GOMOUKHOEA. GLEET3.
STRICTURES and analogous complaint* of Um
Orleans of Generation.
Price SI m bottle. For sal* by drusxtsta.
Weekly Gall. $1 per YearAssemblyman Hourigan of San Francisco has con
tributed to the glories of Sacramento a new style of
oratory. It seems to be a cross between profanity and
pigeon English.
The hrad of the nation who chopped the joints of
the cherry tree with an ax met with a somewhat bet
ter reception than the head of the Nation who
chopped the joints of Kansas with the same instru
ments. One was received with tnoral suasion; the
other with a broomstick. • -
Mayor Phclan has at least one satisfaction in the
revelations of failure which are now being made in
reference to local poiice administration. . He said l-.e
wanted to be responsible, and nobody wants to de
prive him now of the dubious honor. He ought to
write an essay on "Hew Not to Govern Municipali
ties, by One Who Tried."
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 513 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
The increase in the shipments by rail is particularly
gratifying, since it implies an increased demand in the
Eastern States for our wines." Those States ought
to furnish the best market in the world for wine, and
as soon as they are educated up to the use of table
wines they will undoubtedly do so. Taking all things
into consideration the outlook for. the wine industry
as a whole is distinctly good. There is a promise that
the dark days of the vineyardistand the win.emaket
are about over, and that from this time on' there will
be a steady improvement for at least some years to
come. . .
The Review says the facts of the increasing trade
are most strikingly noticeable in the records of the
exports of both dry and sweet wines, not only to do
mestic but to foreign markets. The grand totals of
shipment by sea were 7128 cases and 5,631,060 gal
lons. The figures do not include exports to Hawaii,
in which market it is known the trade has increased
It is pointed out that one of the surprising features
of the statistics is the great growth of shipments by
rail. It appears that during the fiscal year ending
June 3°. iooo. the total wine shipments from the State
by rail aggregated nearly 13,000,000 gallons and about
30,000 cases. Thus the shipments by rail and by sea
taken together. were in the neighborhood of 19,000,
000 gallons; and, as it is estimated that the demand
for wine for consumption on the Pacific Coast is not
less than 4,000,000 gallons annually, fully 23,000,000
gallons will' be required to meet, the demand each year
even if no further increase in demand takes place. '
Coming to details concerning various markets it 13
noted that New York took an increase of more than
1,000,000 gallons by sea; .China, Japan, Manila, took
double the number of cases and more than four times
the amount of bulk wine taken in 1898. There wa.s
also a strong growth in the demand from Central an.-i
South America, so that we seem at least to be getting
something like our proper share' of the wine trade of
the countries to the south of us.
PROM a review of the wine trade of the pasc
year given in the January number of the Pacific
Wine and Spirit Review it appears the year was
marked .by a considerable improvement in the trade
and that the prospects of the future are brighter "than
they have been for a long time past.
OUR GROWiNG WINE TR<1DE
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Choice candies. Towrisand's. Palace Hotel.*
A CHANCE TO SM-LE.
Hubbite— Not at all. So many of your
fellows have been frozen out by them, you
know.— Boston Transcript.
Gothamite — I suppose you may-think we
fvew Workers are rather severe on your
Boston girls when we speak of their cold
bloodedness?
"Auntie. I've Just been reading about
China. Did you come from there?"
, " w^y« no > John. What put that in your
head?
"Because I heard Uncle Billum tell pod
you were a Tartar."— Philadelphia Times.
"How did Eleanor.announce her engage-
Srid?inf;^ h u e ck flnSer . that ™* the
WINE STAINS ON LINEN— D. W.,
City. The following are methods used to
remove wine stains from linen: If the
stain be from claret or port wine, apply
table salt to the spot stained and moisten
with sherry. After washing no trace of
the stain will be r.een. The ncid contained
in claret decomposes the salt and sets free
chlorine (bleachlnp gas), which removes
the vegetable coloring of the wine. If the
stain is; from port, the addition of sherry
to the salt is essential. If the stain be
of long standing the spot should be rubbed
on each side with yellow soap, after which
there should be laid on the spot or stain
a thick mixture of starch dissolved in cold
water. This should be rubbed in well and
the cloth then exposed to the sun. If the
first attempt is not successful renew, the
process, and the stain, it is said, will dis
appear.
BANANAS— J. A. S., City. There is no
particular "approved -way to eat bananas
at present" except the good old way of
masticating- the same. If. however, you
mean how they should be prepared for
the table, there are several ways. One
i3 to cut them in round slices/ cover them
with sugar and put a little sherry or white
wine over them; another is, slice them
and put . them in gelatin seasoned with
lemon, and still another is to slice and
serve them with shredded cocoanut.
VINEGAR TEST-A. H. B., Oakland.
Cal. The methods ot testing; the strength
of vinegar will be found in books to be ob
tained In the Oakland libraries under the
head of acetimetry and acldimetry. This
department has pot the space to pive the
various methods. To test pure vinc:gar a
method is to write on or smear a piece of
paper with the vinegar to be tested. If the
paper is not charred when held before a
lire it is pure; -if it is charred, it contains
fully, 2 per cent of sulphuric acid.
PATENT ATTORNEYS-INSURANCE
— N. N., City, and L. A. HY, Sacramento,
Cal. This department has on a number
of occasions' announced that it does not
vouch for the reliability of any one en
gaged in business, ns it has not the op
portunity to investigate the standing of
business men or firms. There are mer
cantile agencies in this city that furnish
that class of information.
CHURCH RULES-RlRorlst, City. If a
party should go to the church". In which
he is a communicant and that 'church
should not recognize the right t of j a, di
vorcee to marry again, and that divorcee
should override the decision of his church
and be married in a church of .another
denomination, he would have to suffer the
penalties imposed by the church. ¦-¦¦.>: . v
STREET CARS AND DOGS— M. II..
City. Seats in street cars, as well as seats
in all other vehicles of transportation for
the public, are intended for the use of
human beinps. A conductor would be jus
tified in refusing a passenger a seat for
his dog 1 .' even though he offered to pay for
a seat for the dog.
AT HOMES-J. A. S., City. A person
who receives air at home card from a
newly married couplo and cannot attend
by reason of disdance incloses his 01- her
card and sends it by mail. No other for
mality is requisite..- i/.«. *
WHITE HOUSE- O. S.. City. As you
do not designate wiiich White Mouse this
department is unable to determine which
one your query has reference to— the one
in Washington. D. C, or the one of that
name in this city.
COINS— J. W. H., City. Five-dollar
pieces coined in 1S3S- do not command a
premium from dealers; neither do half
dollars of 1S35. Dealers will sell the former
for $7 30 and the latter for 75 cents.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
NETV" YORK, Feb. 6.— The following
Californiana are in New Tork: From San
Francisco — H. L. Moore, at Grand; Miss
Baumgarten, at Kensington; J. E. Cottle,
at Sinclair: H. Olson, at Hoffman; A. L.'
Amberger. at Holland.
From San Diego — Tj. S. Grant Jr.. Miss
E. Wood, at Manhattan.
From L03 Angeles— B. Duncan, at St.
George.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YOSK.
With the advancement made in all kinds of mechan
iirh for facilitating trade there should come, a lessen
ing of the burdens upon all classes of working.peo
ple. It is not right that any human being should be
compelledi'to pass nearly the whole of his wakeful
hours in earning the means of subsistence. Where.it
:s necessary for a business to be open nearly air the
time there should be a double set of employes. The
early closing movement is therefore a reform that ; j3
quite feasible, despite the difficulties that seemingly
stand in the way. Let the community as a whole give
In this, as in every other reform, there- will be of
course considerable difficulty in getting the general
agreement necessary to its success, and doubtless
some temporary disturbance of trade in carrying it
out even after agreement has been attained. The dis
turbance, however, will not be of long duration, and
in the end the reform, like those which have preceded
it, will be justified by the results.
From immemorial time there has been a proverb in
our language that all work and no play makes Jack
a dull boy. The common sense of our ancestors rec
ognized the need of recreation to the human brain.
The United States lost nothing in the efficiency of its
factory labor when the length of the working day was
reduced from the long hours that prevailed when the
factory system was first established. Neither vail the
mercantile activity of the city- lose anything by short
ening the hours of labor required of those engaged
in it.
Our needs are largely the result of our habits. We
are accustomed to have the shops open for a consid •
crable portion of the twenty-four hours, and because
we have that custom- we believe the long hours are
necessary to public convenience. If, however, we
should once succeed in bringing about a general prac
tice of earlj' closing public convenience, would soon
adapt itself to the new custom. Trade can be done
in regularly fixed hours in retail stores just as easily
as at Government, offices, factories or any other busi
ress where an hour is -established for closing. "As
soon as the people know they must do their shopping
within a given time it will be easy for them to do it.
There is nothing radical or revolutionary in the
movement. ..It is in line with the efforts long ago
made by mechanics and other bodies of organized la
bor to reduce the length of the working day and ob
tain for each individual a .portion of his time for re
creation and amusement There is no reason why a
reform which has been so beneficial to the members
of the trades would not be equally beneficial to the
employes of shops and stores of nearly if not quite
all kinds.
AMONG the many movements going on in .the
community for the improvement of social con
ditions and the promotion of the welfare o£
working men and women none is deserving of a more
general sympathy and support than that known as
"the early closing movement," which has for its ob
ject the relief of employes in a large number of store?
and shops from the excessively long hours, that are
now required of them at their posts of duty.
EfJRLY CLOSING MOVEMENT.
If the lobby at Sacramento were as successful in its
efforts to raid the treasury as it is various and motley
in the interests it represents, taxpayers would have
serious cause to look to their pocketbooks.
G. Gallet, Governor of Tahiti, arrived on
the steamship Australia and 13 at the
Palace.
S. M. Anspacher, a commission man of
Livermore. accompanied by his wife, la
at the California.
, David Starr Jordan Is a guest at th«
Palace. - : '~-'
J. H. Einhorn. a merchant of Santa
Rosa, i3 registered at the California.
Joe Terry of Sacramento and Jackson
Hatch of San Jose are at the Palace.
J. B. de Jarnett. a mining' man of
Colusa, Is a guest at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
W I^'GLED with the universal expression of re-
I \ sret an d utterance of sentiment proper to such
an occasion as the death of Victoria was the
hoarse bawling of the news faker, shouting, "I told it
Having built up a pseudo reputation as a newspaper
by faking, the Examiner and its combined associates
in New York and Chicago must sustain that reputa
tion by continuing to fake.
Exposure in such bald impostures as the pretended
interview with the Pope, the Queen of Spain and Mrs.
McKinley ha«. not admonished the Examiner style of
journalism, which substitutes invention for fact and
pretense for enterprise. A catalogue of the raw fakes
perpetrated upon the readers of the Journal, American
and Examiner would more than fill all the columns of
one edition of either paper. Both living and dead
had been used as advertising media, and so had ail
available objects, animate and inanimate. Even dis
ease,'as in its bubonic plague fake, was made use of
to secure notoriety and get an undeserved reputation
for enterprise. Perhaps the most laughable 'of all
these fakes was that in which Mr. Hearst himself was
used as material. When the National Bryan Clubs
met last fall in Indianapolis the Chicago American
printed a long account of the triumphal entry of Presi
dent Hearst, leaning on the arm of Chairman Jones,
while a hundred brass bands blew brazenly "Hail to
the Chief" and frantic thousands shouted until purple
in the face, while their veins stood out like whip
cords. The cold and clammy fact was that Mr.
Hearst was not there at all, nor was Chairman Jones,
nor the thousands, nor the shouts, nor the trombon
ing. It was all a gigantic fake.
Of course with such a record the death of the Queen
must be used for advertising purposes. Her last days
and the solemn close of her long life focused the at
tention of the v.-orld. Any item that carried her name
was sure to be read. So the Examiner intruded it
self upon the scene, yelling its merits as a getter of
news and asserting that it was the first to announce
her death. The Associated Press has thought the mat
ter of sufficient importance to be exposed, and has is
sued a complete refutation of the Examiner's claim
ar.d has proved it to have no foundation in truth, but
to have rested on a fake dispatch to the Archbishop
of Canterbury from. the death chamber, which was
never sent and never received. The Associated Press
proves beyond dispute that if any announcement of
the death were actually made in advance of that over
its wires it was made purposely and with the inten
tion of using it to claim priority of information and
superiority of enterprise.
But this complete exposure will not deter the same
papers from repeating the offense.
The people of every city are accustomed to such
advertising. If a military procession, a funeral or
other pageant pass down the street while thousands
3ook on, close to its rear always goes a wagon, hooded
with muslin and usc.d by the advertising faker, to call
attention to "Miss Fowler's floral fit preventer" or
"Mrs. Purley's patent parlor kidney f olish."
This -is the method followed and faithfully copied
by the Examiner.
A FnKE EXPOSED.
NARRATION™ Mrs.NATION
She is causing consternation.
Dealing out much devastation.
With occasional, recitation o.
Of the wrongs done all creation
.' By the dram-shop's dispensation /
Of "llqulrf hell-flre and damnation."
When she gets off at a station
There enttues a great sensation;
All the folks of that location
Gaze with bated respiration
While she makes the declaration
That, without fear or hesitation, ¦ ,
She will take up her vocation,
• Wield the ax of desolation.
¦Waiting not for invitation.
Caring not for egg'e gyration
(If they've had no incubation).
Be he stranger or relation
Matters not. Her imitation
Of a cyclone In rotation
Is a startling revelation.
She may think that civilization
Gazes on with approbation
When, with but a single ration.
She assumes the incarnation
Of a vandal's vindication.
To her female congregation
She makes effort at oration;
Then. breaks up affiliation
Of those seeklns a potation.
And compels the segregation.
Of the selling population
Who dispense the distillation.
fihe may have an aspiration
To prevent all liquidation
By her work styled "Inspiration.**
Thousands give their attestation
That she missed her calculation,
And could check intoxication
Far more by conciliation -*V. >
And the proper presentation
Of philosophical dissertation, •
Than by such intimidation,
Open to the detestation
Of those of peaceful inclination.
Hero's the truth of the situation:
She's achieved a reputation:
That's what pleases Mrs. Nation.
H. BARTLETT LINDLEY, in Chicago Journal.
ON the Great Lakes, according to
the New York Press, has ap
• peared a new style of lifeboat,
invented by Captain 3Iayo of
the life-saving service. He ha3
tested it himself and believes it to.be a
success. He has gone to Washington to
present the model of his invention for
the consideration of the Government. The
new lifeboat is really a sort of "life car,"
the principles being much the same as
those embodied in the latter device. The
life car is supposed to be hauled ashore
by lines, while the Mayo lifeboat is in
tended to be blown or rowed ashore, ac
cording to circumstances. A line of
steamers sailing out of Chicago has been
equipped with the Mayo boats, and the
captain and his associates are hopeful.
The newly devised boat is a cone, round
ed at both ends. It is intended to be
thirty feet long and seven feet in diame
ter. It is perfectly round, there being
projecting fins, or bilge keels, to keep it
from rolling. The shell is built of three
inch oak, covered with aluminum, or sheet
steel, as the builder desires, and is shaped
on strong: oak ribs on the inside. The
forward and after end of the boat are
air chambers, built in such a way that
crushing or puncturing are practically im
possible. Around the shell are openings
filled with heavy plate glass, set In rub
ber and steel gaskets. >= , ><.
On two sides are manholes set in the
same kind of gaskets, and on each -side
two portholes large enough to push an
oar through. The ports are closed with
heavy doors of steel and every opening
is closed and locked from the inside. The
only unprotected openings are at the ends
of the cone. The forward one is a man
hole large enough for a man to move
about in easHy, and at the other end is
an opening designed for the lowering of
an anchor. Inside there are accommoda
tions for fifty people ami lockers large
enough to Etow the food necessary for
their sustenance . for thirty days: also
water tanks with a supply of drinking
water sufficient to last for that time.
The seats are so arranged that they
revolve completely around, no matter how
often the boat turns over, and the pas
senger is always kept upright. The in
terior is fitted with two aluminum bulk
heads, which swing about with the mo
tion oX the seats inside the boat, always
keeping the ventilators a safe distance
above the water. To avoid the danger
of filling, the ends of the boat are. fitted
with wa<er vents, and as the whole boat,
loaded, draws less -than Tour inches there
is enough of it always exposed to the in
fluence of the wind to allow of its being
driven ashore. A device for locking th«
swinging seats In position keeps them se
cure and allows rowing when rowing is
practicable.
SECTIONAL. VIEWS OF THE NEW LIFEBOAT DESIGNED BY CAPTAIN
MAYO, SHOWING INTERIOR AND EXTERIOR. REPRODUCED FROM
Fuller information will be given later on. In the
meantime those who have followed the course of
Home Circle Studies may be assured that the change
will mean progress and improvement, and the new
series will be even better than the old.
The Saturday papers will discuss "What the Gov
ernment Does for the People." They will be under
the supervision^of Dr. A. C. Trude, general director
of Government Agricultural Experiment Stations.
The papers will be worth a thorough study by all who
wish to understand the dealings of the Government
with the people. In fact, the course will be of in
terest for study in the higher grades of the public
schools as lessons in American politics and adminis
tration.
¦ The Wednesday course will be "The Women's Club
Movement," and will be in charge of Ellen M. Hen
rotin, ex-president of the General Federation of
Women's Clubs. Hardly any subject can be of more
interest to women than this, for the women's club
movement means something more than a social en
terprise. In it is involved almost every important
issue connected with the general subject of the im
provement of the condition of women and the pro
motio'n of all the great causes with which women are
particularly identified. ::• '"
On Thursdays there will be a notable series of pa
pers and discussions on "The Art of Living ioo
Years." To that series a large number of emi
nent authorities on matters of health will contribute >
Among them will be such well-known men as D:.
George F. Shrady of New York, Dr. S. Weir Mitchell
of Philadelphia and Surgeon General Wyman of
Washington, D. C. ..'
The Friday papers will present "Pictures of Ameri
can Life a Century Ago." To that series many of the
best knofvn writers on American historical subjects
will contribute, and for the general reader it will be
one of the most fascinating of the whole. The life of
the people of this country a century ago was full of
picturesque features, and these will be depicted by
persons who are not enly familiar with the subject by
careful study but are skilled writers, capable of bring
ing out all that is interesting in the time.
The Tuesday articles will deal with '.'Colonial Gov
ernments of To-day,' fc and will be under the direction
of Professor Finley of Princeton. It hardly needs
to be pointed out that the course is pertinent to per
haps the most important political issue now before
the people of the United States— that of providing for
the administration of affairs in the new possessions
that have come to us from the war with Spain. .
The articles to be published on Mondays will deal
with "The Opportunity and the Man." .The course
is to be conducted under the editorship of President
Draper of the University of Illinois, and will b'e con
cluded by an article by Senator Hoar of Massachu
setts. The series will prove of interest to all classes
of readers and will be of especial value to young men.
The Current Topics Club will consist of a. series of
papers giving information upon all sorts of matter*
of timely and general interest. The plan of the se
ries will be as .follows:
The change. from the Home Study Circle to Cur
rent Topics is due to the demand for progress in all
lines of work. The studies have found a large circle
of readers and have carried entertainment and in
struction to thousands. The public appreciation of
them has been highly gratifying. The change toa
new series is therefore due to no lack of interest 'in
the one now running, but solely. to the fact that by
experience with the home study papers more has been
learned of the popular needs for reading of that kind
than was known at first, and accordingly the" Cur
rent Topics Club has been undertaken for the pur
pose of improving upon the former series and pro
viding a course of reading which will appeal to an
even larger circle than the Home Studies while at
the same time proving equally interesting and in
structive.
UPON the close of the series of Home Studies
•now running in The Calljherc will begin an
other series, to be known as "The Current
Topics Club." The yapers of the new series will be
about the same length as those of the Home Study
Circle, and, like them, will be furnished by writers of
eminence in their several lines of work.
A CURRENT TOPICS CLUB.
THURSDAY FEBRUARY 7, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
llirtu All Cosccsiettioas tt W. B. LEAEE. Kaitger.
m %\'Ac;r.K*s QKFrcR. . ... . ; '.T'.'f P- ??-i!!!!L^l
ILULICAUOX OKF"ICI3...M«rl£et and TtoirO. 8. F.
Telephone Preki -01.
CDXTOPIAi; ROOMS SJf to 221 StereBMn St.
Telephone l'i-«-«» SOS.
DellTerefl »«v furrier", IK O*it« Per W«tfc
fflnrte Copleo. S Cent*.
Trrm> tor Matl. Inclndfnc Poataaret
SAIT-T CaLTi flnclnij'rr Pcn<J«y>. oc» y*ar t«.M
r>ArLT CALT-. «!ne!cClre Furidav), C menths.. ................ ».W
PAILY CALL Cnctoatm EBnfl«y>. I months..... 1.69
DAILY CALL— By £in*l<» Month. «S«
FWDAT CALL* Oct Tear -. 1-M
V.'EEKJLV C/.LU One Tear l.tfl
AH postmaster* are nntftortzed to recelr*
rnli«crtiitl<mn.
Fi.t=r.-» cop!m will be forwarded -xbea requested.
Katl rc*#crlh»rr !« erfl^rinc chanr* of nAAr*** nboutfl >*
ptrtlcutar to etv bcth NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la c'rf^r
U. z.-Lni a iTcmpt «ad correct compliance with their reqneat.
VAlLLJi.SU OFFICE: .1113 Broadway
C. CCORGB KROGXESS.
King f r Foreign AArtrtisisg, Xargcette Building. Chieigc,
(Leer Elitance Telephone "Central :ei>.">
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAHLTO.V Herald S«nare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
1 1 EPHES B. SUITI! So Trlbonr Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
XTtliori-Ancriu. Ectel; A. Brectano, O TJclos Ba?are:
tanw HXI1 BcteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS*
Ebercxn House: P. O. Nein Co.; Great Northern Hotel ;
rttaent Hcoxe; Anflitorlna Hotel.
WASHIjrGTOW <n. c.> OFFICE. . . .X4OO G St., !C. W.
MORTO.V E. CRAMS. Correspondent.
HBAJfCH OFFICES— 527 Mont^oirery. nrrn*T of Clay, op*"
csttl »:» o'clock. 100 Hayes, cpen until 9:80 o'clock. 633
McAllister, cpen cntll 1:11 o'clock. €15 Larkln, open until (
•:ro o'clock. 1*41 Missies, cpen until 19 o'clock. ISSl Market,
comer ELxteectb. cpen untU 9 o'clock. ICS6 Valencia, open
until » o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
sct Twraty-wtond and Kentucky, open until t o'clock.
One of the discoveries from the lately
unearthed Babylonian records is to th«
effect that in 2200 B. C. King Hammurabi
-discovered a case of official bribery and
ordered both the briber, the bribed and
the money taken into custody and brought
; before him. Another record discloses a
; case of usury and extortion for which the
• same King ordered the punishment of the
usurer. This is referred to as a peculiar
evidence of the long standing of thesa
vices and an interesting evidence of the
way justice dealt with them. The rigor
of the ancient justice In suppressing such
vices may be surprising, although a cyni
cal view of it may be drawn from the
further statement that while the King
refused to touch the 400 ounces of gold
offered as a bribe and ordered it return^!
to the briber, he cannily rlireated that SM
ounces be first taken for legal expenses
and two ounces for fees to the servants.
But that in a primal stage bribery and
extortion were practiced i? neither new
nor surprising.— Pittsburg Dispatch.
Edward should be a peace loving king:,
though at the same time he may be safely
counted on to stand firm for his people's
interests when he thinks they are threat
ened. By temperament and training h»
should he now, at €0 years of age, a very
reasonable, sasaciou^ and peaceful ruler.
—Providence Journal.
A Primal Immorality.
stantiated by probabilities. The closeness
of his relations with the German Emperor
is natural in the circumstances of. the
moment, but it does not necessarily nor
even probahly mean that the British sov
ereign is dominated by the truculent spirit
of the German monarch. By all argument
from antecedent circumstances, indeed.
It may be true, as M. Lockroy. former
French Minister of Marine, says, that the
death of Victoria removes a real/and ef
fective element- of peace from European
politics, but the accompanying belief that
there is reason to fear the "war lord"
proclivities of Kins Edward is not sub-
A writer in Ainslee'3 Magazine finds
public opinion in Delaware divided on the
subject of the whipping-post. Those who
regard the lash as dejrradihfr to the crim
inal and demoralizing to the public are
in the minority, though nearly all admit
that the penalty is too indiscriminately
inflicted. Nearly all grades of crime, in
cluding bank robbery and arson, are pun
ishable by whipping in addition to con
finement in Jail. The practice is supported
by some on the plea of economy. It short
ens Jail sentences, and in some eases does
away with them entirely, thus relieving
the county of the expense of supporting
as many prisoners as it would otherwise
be called upon to feed and lods;e. It is in
teresting to know that the people of Dela
ware are satisfied with the old-fashioned
deterrent, but it is hardly probable that
other States wMl take it up. except possi
bly as a punishment for wtfe-beaters and
certain more brutal classes of criminals.
—Minneapolis Times.
For P«ace or War?
It is estimated that the support of
tramps in the Ignited States costs over
$25,000,000 annually, which 13 contributed
by benevolent people or by people from
whom the vicious -tramps pilfer. If the
tramps could be set to work, there would
be some quid pro quo for this expenditure,
and the tramps on the whole would be
much happier, for the majority of them
lead a truly miserable existence. The en
ergy which they expend and tho hardship
which they endure in dodsins doss,
brakemen. officers of the law and irate
farmers and housekeepers would, if prop
erly applied, support them all in compar
ative comfort.— Minneapolis Tribune.
Will Keep th.9 Whipping Post.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Why EDglish Yachts Lose. '
Watson, the English yacht designer,
thinks he has discovered the reason
America has always beaten that country
in the cup races. The new challenger has
the bulk of the hull much further forward
than any of its predecessors. Heretofora
th*> bulk of the Er.&lish hulls have always
been about three miles too far in the rear.
—Omaha Bee.
What Tramps Cost.
We rejoice that Bishop Potter has raised his voice
for justice, and that the English Cardinal, Vaughan,
has also pleaded for honor and justice in a matter
which will long last as the odium of the Christian
world.
Shiploads of stolen property, looted from its own
ers, have been sent out of Chinese ports. There have
come into San Francisco hogsheads of costly finery,
belonging even to American ladies, consisting of silk
and ermine lined garments torn from the backs of
Chinese ladies, who were certainly as gentle as their
white sisters who are willing to wear them. Yet we
have not been at war with China, and there is lacking
the rude and brutal title written in warfare to the
personal effects of non-combatants.
We are glad that our Berkeley correspondent with
holds his approval from the cruel outrages that the
Western armies have perpetrated in China.
Having passed out of that phase of the relation of
government to religion as between themselves, hav
ing drenched Europe in blood to assert it before it
was abandoned, why should not Christendom apply
the wisdom it reached to its dealings with China?
Yet the Chinese treaties just to that extent subvert
civil government in China and grossly disturb the
equilibrium of that people.
" We insist that the civil governments of Christen
dom have no governmental mission to evangelize the
world. Neither they nor the sects agree upon what is
evangelical. Once ajfttnit the principle and the world
enters upo« a turmoil that will never end. Shall Rus
sia say that, as she regards the Greek rite only as evan
gelical, she may use her power to enforce it against
the Latin rite, which is regarded as the sole evangeli
cal expression by Austria and Spain?
Another correspondent from Berkeley, who must
have overlooked the admission of the fact, disputes it,
or calls for proof. Our proof is in the English press
of Shanghai and Hongkong, and in the knowledge
that many American missionaries have of the transac
tion. Therefore it is rot necessary that we restate it.
We only ask that those who know thp interpolation
of the missionary clause to be a fact, and admit that it
was done, shall furnish us with another term than for
gery, in which to describe it. We have not objected
to missionary work in China, or elsewhere. But we
insist that such effort fhould be carried on without any
partnership with political government. Under treaties
that have been forced out of China her subjects be
coming converts in the missions cease to be subject to
her laws. They have the right to protection from the
country' whose Mag is over the mission tc which they
are attached. It is notorious" that" this has caused
Chinese lawbreakers to profess Christian conversion
as a means of avoiding punishment for their offenses.
Such treaties we regard as unwise. Their motive may
have been good, but their effect is extremely i evil.
Suppose that the Procestant powers, taking advantage
of Spain's weakness, ohould force her, a Catholic
power, to make the same agreement, putting her sub
jects beyond her control and giving them the protec
tion of the Government whose flag is over a Protes
tant mission when they profess Protestantism. In
such case would not the evil and injustice of it be
perfectly plain to the Christian world? Would it not
be plainly seen that missionary progress under such an
arrangement became a most dangerous subversion of
the civil government where it was carried. on?
The facts as we have stated them were admitted by
our missionary correspondent recently; who only ob
jected to the use of the term forgery, which he re
garded as a too harsh characterization of the act.
THE CALL is the only paper 'in the United
States that has developed' the facts concerning
the missionary clause in the Franco-Chinese
treaty of i860.
THE CHINESE TREATY.
the promoters of the plan an earnest support and it
will be accomplished without injury to any trade or
inconvenience to the public. N "
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1901.
NEW LIFEBOAT WILL
WASH ITSELF ASHORE
6
AUCTION SALES
THE KIND OF A WIFE I WOULD CHOOSE
SF A E> Ml V QOW !K Cen e ra » O. O. Howard. Rev. T- Spurgcon.
I UK IVl I OUN* Bishop Vincent. Jossph C00K. Rev. Jaseph
w " ParKerand Will R. Moody.
©2®"®®««» TIT — — — — « oooueac
e SSf° II. W i •••••
•»• I g /% a ©»•
© T — rr S
! SAN FRANCISCO'S TWENTIETH CEM- 8
§ TURY WITCH. g
. © — : o
g ST. VALENTINE'S DAY. •
• - ©
g ARE VEILS INJURIOUS TO THE LYE- |
% SIGHT? . •
0 — S
© v •
2 . @
§ PECK'S BAD BOY AND GROCERYMAN |
| CELEBRATE VALENTINE DAY. §
® ¦ WSr : — "Us! " %
1 A DVV WITH THE LIFE-SAVERS. g
8~ HOW TO COSTUME FOR A MAS- |
2 . QUERADE BALL- g
• •.. ...» g
O99 d~^ All' OOO
ao«ed ft ,criS p| eased
®ogjgj»«® ; m .,,,.,... ffjf**"* 9 * 0 **
THE KJftD OF A HUSBAND I WOULD CHOOSE
F0RA1Y DAUGHTER, By AlaVlon Harlaod. Harriet Sporford.
A arietta Hollcy. Margaret E. Songster and Countess Schimmelnjanij.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tivoll— "Sell Gwysne."
Central— "A Daughter of the Millica."
Caij:orr.!a— "Tess ot the dX'rbervilles."
Orthtuaj — Vaudeville.
Grar.d Opera-house— "ShAJrus CBriea."
A'.hambra— "The Sorrows of Eataa."
Alcazar— "Judat."
Columbia— "A Midsummer Nieht's Dream."
OlymDia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaude\lile every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple— Lecture by liev. Peter C. Xorke, this
evening.
Metropolitan Temple— Henschel's Recital this afternoon.
Y. M. C A. Hall— Mandolin Concert to-morrow ni^ht.
lanloran Park— Itaces to-day.
riy Sullivan & Doyle— Saturday. February 3. at 11 o'clock.
Horses, at corner Eighteenth and fiorida streets.
I'.y \Vm. G. Layr.jr — Monday, February 11, Horses and
Mules, at 721 Howard street.' NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last tide
of • the i day.' except when there are but three
tide?, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign (—)¦ precedes the height, and then
the number given is- subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean- of. the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Officer U. 8. N., Mer
chants' . Bxchange,. San Francisco. Cal.,
February 6. 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Terry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. e.."at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time." _
. ¦ . C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, . U. S. N., in charge.
The Power of the Press
I? a 'common expression, but few realize Its
actual power. Great a? ts the Influence of the
press it cannot begin to equal the power of
HoUetter's stomach Bitters over dlseaF*.
The Bitters strengthens the stomach, purifies
th<> blo-)d and cures dyi»pep3la, indigestion
and constipation. It will tone up the nerves,
t-timulate inactive kiilneys, and as an appeti
zer it Is unequaled. If you want to get well,
an<l keep well, use Hostetter'i Stomach Blt
trrs. • : *\; -
TO SAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Const and Geodetic Survey-
Times end Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay, Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and. low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flve minutes later than" at Fort Point: the
height of title Is the name at both places.
Many Passengers From Papeete.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia arrived from the French possessions
yesterday. Head winds and heavy seas
delayed the vessel and In consequence she
will not Ret away again until the 11th
lnst. at neon. The Australia brought up
the following cabin passengers:
G. Gallet. Lieutenant Labarre. B. T. Simon.
Mail Steamship Australia Brings Up
BACK FEOM TAHITI.
TWENTY-NINE shipwrecked sea
men arrived from Tahiti on the
Mail steamship Australia yester-.
day. They had several narrow
escapes and had it not been for the
assistance of the Pltcalrn Islanders some
of the men might have lost their lives. A3
the case stands, the British ship Pyrenees
is a total loss and her cargo of wheat and
barley, valued at about JaJ.OOO, has gone
up in smoke.
The Pyrenees left Puget Sound in Octo
ber last with a grain" cargo. She wa3
bound for Leith, Scotland, and when
Captain Bryce sailed out through tho
Straits of San Juan de Fuca he made hi3
course and thought everything looked like
fair sailing. For nearly a jiionth his best
hopes were realized. The vessel bowled
alons with a favoring breeze and all on
board looked forward to a quick run
home. Karly In the morning of Novem
ber 16 the carso was found to be afire and
the watch below was called. Captain
Bryce took in the situation at a glanco
and ordered steam in tho donkey
boiler. Water was pumped continuously
on the deck to keep the seams from open
ing.
When day broke Pitc.iirn Island loomed
up on the port bow. The British flag was
set union down and Captain Bryce headed
for the rocky shore. Intending to run his
ship on the beach. Captain McCoy, Gov
ernor of the island, however, put out In a
whaleboat and boarding the Pyreneees
advised running for the tJamblor
group and there beaching the ship.. Every
Btltcb of canvas was set and when Manga
Iteva Irlar.d was reached there were no
chances taken and no time lost In looking
for the opening in the coral reef. The
vessel piled up on the reef and the crew
pot ashore as quickly as possible. Luckily
the Pyrenees swung clear and of her own
accord drifted ashore and beached her
self. By this time her hold -was a fur
nace and it was not long before the deck
burst into flames. Soon after the sails
caught fire and then the masts went by
the board. When last seen the once clip
per Pyrenees was a broken-backed hulk
and the natives of Manga Reva were seek
ing her cooling hull for loot.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NANAIMO— Arrived Feb 5-Br stmr Milton,
from San Dlero.
Sailed Feb 6 — Nor stmr Tltanla, for San
SYDNEY— Arrived Feb 3-SchV Ariel, from
Tacoma. Feb 6— Br strnr Miowera, from Van
couver.
PENSACOLA — Sailed Feb 6 — Schr Fred
Cower, for Paysandu.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Feb 6— Br stmr Em
press nf China, from China.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Feb 2-Stmr City of
Praa. for San Francisco.
MELBOURNE— Arrived prior to Feb 5— Chtl
ship Republic, from Chemalnus.
PANAMA— Sailed Jan 16— Stmr Costa Rica,
from- Chamj>erlco.
Sailed Jan 19— Stmr City of Para, for San
Francisco.
BRISTOL— Arrived Feb 5— Dan ship Jupiter,
fr«m Ore— on.
ETEN— Arrived about Feb bark La
tona, from Port Blakeley.
BRISBANE— Sailed Feb 1-Br stmr Warrl-
Aioo, for Vancouver.
HONGKONG— Sailed Feb 3— Br stmr Mon
mouthshire, for Oregon.
VICTORIA— Arrived Feb 6— Br stmr Empress
of China, from China.
r . OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 6— Stmr New York,
for Southampton; stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool.
SYDNEY— Arrived Feb 5— Stmr Miowera.
from Vancouver, via Honolulu, etc.
QL'EEXSTOWN— Arrived Feb 6-Stmr Ocean
ic, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. *
Sailed Feb 6 — Stmr Saxonla, for Boston; stmr
Lake Superior, from Halifax and St Nohn,
N B, for Liverpool.
PERIM— Passed Feb 5— Stmr Glenlochy, from
Tacoma. via Singapore, for Liverpool.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Feb 6— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York. via. Boulogne.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Feb 6— Stmr Patricia,
from New York, for Cherbourg and Ham
burg, and proceeded.
FOREIGN PORTS.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
ARRIVED. . •
Wednesday, February 6.
U S stmr Sheridan, Pierce, 27 days from
Manila, Via Nagasaki 18 days.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 37 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Fulton, Lcvinson, 4 days from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, B8 hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. 12 hours from
Point Arena.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Anderson, 12 days from
Kahului.
Stmr Australia. Lawless, 14 days from Ta
hiti.
Stmr State of California, Jepsen, 60 hours
from Victoria, etc.
Stmr Greenwood, FaKerlund, 24 hours from
Rules Landing.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, 24 hours from Eu-
Stmr SIen.il, Bendesard, 7S hours from Co
lumbia River.
Strnr Empire, Maccenn, ES hours from Coos
Bay.
Schr Ocean Spray,~~©l3en, 3 days from Iver
eens Landing.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, February 6.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad & Nav Co.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle; Pollard &
Dodge.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, Caemalnus; K
Dunsrnulr's Sons Co. ¦
SAILED.
Wednesday, February 6.
Stmr Argyll. Gilboy, Panama.
Stmr Rainier, Hansen. Seattle. '¦-> , :=¦-.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Ellefsen, Seattle.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, Victoria, etc.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson, .
Stmr South Coast, Oljsen. .
Stmr Scotia. Walvly, Eureka. .
• Stmr National City, Dettm<re. .
Stmr Navarre, Hanpen. Blhlers Point. :..;.-
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, Grays Harbor, etc.
Stmr Jklandalay. Recq,
<icr atmr Sesostrls. Temme, Hamburg.
Nor stmr Tellus, Federsen. Chemalnus.
Bark Annie Johnson, Nelson, HIlo.
Brig Galilee, Dinsmore, Mahukona.
Schr Western Home. Christensen. Coos Bay.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel, Bowens Landing.
Schr Challencer. Anderson, Port Blakeley.
Schr Mary C> Campbell. Bodega.
SPOKEN, f. ;.*.•: ¦"::
Dec 9. lat 35 S. Ion S2 W— Ger ship Slrene,
from Tacoma. for Queenstown. •
Jan 28. lat 27 N. ldn 33 W— Br ship Cam
brian Hills, hence Oct 2. for Queenstown.
Br ship Pyrenees, bound from Tacoma. for
L»lth, took fire on Nov 16. and on Dec 2 was
beached' at Manga Reva Island, one of the
Gambler group. • Captain and 28 of the crew
arrived at San Francisco by stmr Australia.
Smoke was discovered coming through the ven
tilators on Nov 16. As the fire could not be ex
tinguished. It was thought best to do would be
to beach the vessel, which was .done Dec 2.
MISCELLANEOUS.
VICTORIA. Feb 6— Stmr Queen City reported
revenue cutter : Grant found life preserver of
ship Ilala near. Ucletet.
TELEGRAPHIC. '.:'./
POINT LOBOS. Feb 6. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind south, velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Arrived Feb 6— Stmr Coronado.
from Grays Harbor.
COOS BAY— Arrived Feb 6— Schr Monterey,
•hence Feb 3. ' •'
Balled Feb 6— Stmr Arcata, for San Fran
cisco. ¦ .
REDONDO— Sailed Feb 5— Schr William Ren
ton, for New Whatcom.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Feb fr-U S stmr
Adams, from Honolulu. . . .- ¦¦ .
EASTERN -.. PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived : Feb : 5— Stmr City of
Washington, from Colon.
Balled Feb 5— Btmr Finance, for Colon.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Xotle Is hereby given of changes made In
the aids to navigation In this district.
nie following nffects the List of Light and
Foff Signals, Pacific Coast, 1900:
Coon Island Post L'ght iTage 23, No. 121,
IJBt of Beacons and Buoys. Pacific Coast, 1901,
page 60). — The three-pile beacon from which
this fixed white llKht Is shown, and which
was reported (January 16, 1901) damaged to
pnch nn extent as to render the discontinuance
cf the Hftht necessary, has been reconstructed
end the light re-established (February 1, 1901)
in Mr former position on the N\V side of the
entrance to the 'Willamette River, Oregon.
Swan Island Bar Lower Post Light (Pass 30,
Xo. 129, L!st of Beacons and Buoys, Pacific
Coast, 1901, papre 61).— The three-pile beacon
from which this fixed white light Is shown, on
the lower end of Swan Island Bar. Oresron.
which was carried away on January 17, 1901,
arid the light extinguished, was replaced in Its
eld position and thg light re-estabilshtd on
February 1,. 1S01.
Swan Island Bar Upper Post Light (Page 30.
No. 131. List of Beacons and Buoys. Pacific
Coast, 1B01. page 61). — The three-pile beacon
from which this fixed red light is shown, on the
east fide of the channel, near the entrance to
the- drydock at Alblna. Oregon, which was
carried away January 17. 1301. and the light
extinguished, was replaced in position and the
lipht re-established on February 1. 1SCL
By order of the Lighthouse Board, ¦
W. I*. DAY, Commander U. S. X.,
Lighthouse Inspector.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspec
tor, Portland. Oregon, February 4, 1301.
Notice to Mariners.
WILLAMETTE RIVER, OREGON'
Tho Harbor Commissioners held a
lengthy session yesterday. The work of
making additional wharf room * for the
fishermen was let to Healy, Tlbbetts &
Co. for $2353.. The matter of heating th>
ferry depot with oil instead of coal was
considered and the offer of Charles C.
Moore & Co. to install the plant was re
ferred to the chief engineer. The E. K.
Wood Lumber Company was informed
that the question of tho wharf on the
south side of Channel street would be con
sidered. The company built the struc
ture, but the Commissioners own the land
and E. K. Wood wants to compromise.
Famsworth & Ruggles | want pay for a
horse and wagon that was run over on the
belt railroad. The matter was referred
to the yardmaster for a report.
The steamer South Portland is still un
der water. The" tug Relief Is at work
on her, but the chances of getting her
afloat seem remote. Whltelaw goes to
work on her to-morrow and expects to
have her alongside the wharf again by
Saturday.
Water Front Notes.
Captain Hryce, H. L. B. Wills, T. B. Sever
ron, F. Kelly and wife. O. Wlrstoe, T. C.
Burns, G. F. Wells, T. Maloney.
G. Gallet was Governor of Tahiti and ia
now on his way home on a vacation.
BRITISH SHIP PYRENEES ASHORE ON THE BEACH AT MAXGA REVA ISLAND. THE VESSEL CAUGHT FIRE
IN MIDOCEAN AND WAS RUN AGROUND IN ORDER TO INSURE THE SAFETY OF THE PERSONS ON
BOARD.
Cargo of Grain Catches Fire .From Spontaneous Combus
tion and the Captain Beaches the Vessel in
Order to Save Lives* of Those Aboard.
* — - — y » j
The Kembles.
The period between Garrick's retirement i
and the dawn of the romantic school of j
acting is filled by the Kembles, the great- J
est family of actors that ever graced the j
English stage. A talent for acting is not J
uncommonly handed town from father to |
son, but in the cars of the Kembles there j
have, been five generations of actors.
Roger Kemble, the father of tb,e family, i
married In 1753 the daughter of a strolling ;
manager who had been an actor under I
Betterton. Of their twelve children eight I
reached maturity, and all of these made I
some appearance on the stage.
The first and greatest was Sarah, best
known as Mrs! Slddons. "the Tragic i
Muse." She was on the stage from her j
very cradle, married 'at 13 a handsome
young actor who boasted that he could I
play anything from Hamlet to Harlequin, j
and made some reputation in the prov- j
inces. before Garrlck invited her to join |
his company In London. Her first season j
with* him was anything but successful; j
¦she played Lady Anne to his Richard and j
was pronounced "lamentable." She was ;
forced to retire again into the prov
inces and to perfect herself In her art.
When she reappeared at the capital six j
years later It was to win an instant and j
overwhelming triumph. Her beautiful j
face and figure, her thrilling voice and
her complete absorption in her part,
showed her a tragic actress such a3 the
London stage Lad never seen before. It
was only gradually that she ventured en
Shakespearean loles. Isabella in "Meas
ure for Measure" was her first, and Con- |
stance in "King John" her second. But
her greatest part beycYid all question was
that of Lady Macbeth. Her performai.ee
of this character was pronounced perfect I
from beginning to end. The sleep-walk
inR scene, especially, she filled with such
a horror of remorse as to leave an indeli
ble impression on all who saw her.
Mrs. Slddons was essentially a tragic
actress; she was never successful in com
ic parts. Her great roles were those of
Lady Macbeth, Constance, Queen Kather
ine and Volumnla. She did not charm
so much as overwhelm,, and her worship
ers wee never weary of commemorating
the divine awe which she evoked. "She
was not loss than a goddess or an in
spired prophetess," says Hazlitt. This j
lofty manner of the stage she carried into j
private' life, and many stories are told
of her high tragedy airs toward servants
and strangers. "She reminds me, said
Washington Irving, "of the knights of
Branksome Hall —
""Who carved at the m<;al
With gloves of eteel,
And •drank the red wine through th* helmet
barr'd." N
Her brother. John Philip Kemble. was
probably her inferior in genius, but»none
the less he was the greatest actor be
tween the retirement of Garrick and the |
llery dawn of Edmund Kean. Like his
lister he appeared on the hoards in ex
treme youth. His sister's great success
brought him to London, where he made
his debut in Hamlet. It was not an In
stant success-. Many found him hard and
cold; his harsh and tuneless voice dis
pleased those -who remembered the thrill
ing tones of Garrlck: but all admitted
that It was a great performance, studied,
thoughtful and filled with a certain high
nobility. Tliis, In fact, was the keynote
of Kemble's character as of his acting.
He was proud — vain even, his enemies
said— but he was a scholar and a gentle
man, and all that he did was nobly done.
His delivery was. In a sense, a return to
the artificial school which Garrlck- had
banished from the stage. Xot that he
ever fell into the old droning sing-song,
but in comparison with the natural liveli
ness of Garrick and the pas3ionate utter
ance of Kean there was always some
thing of the consciously elaborate in his
declamation. * „ "
Little need be said of tae other mem
bers of the family. Stephen distinguished
himself by playing the part of Falstaff
without padding, probably the only actor
since Qutn capable of so appearing in the
part. Charles Kemble was called a first
rate actor of second-rato parts. His Hot
spur. Falconbrldge and Mercutio were
unrivaled. His daughter, Fanny Kemble.
carried on the tradition of the family till
well into the middle of the nineteenth cen
tury-
Three Great Players of the Nineteenth
Century.
Edmund Kean, who arose In the early
years of the nineteenth century to chal
lenge John Philip Kemble's undisputed
sovereignty of the tragic stage, was the
strongest possible contrast to that stately
and intelligent actor. The son of a stroll
ing actress, Kean had passed a youth of
incredible hardships. He tramped the
country with his mother, giving exhibi
tions at country fairs and in the public
rooms of village taverns. He lived off
turnips and cabbages in the fields. He
shipped as cabin boy to Madeira, Through
all nia trials he preserved the same
haughty and Indomitable spirit, am
bitious,- passionate and unrestrained.
AVhen an unknown actor in the provinces
he ran away to the Woods rather than
play Laertes to the Hamlet of Master
Betty, an infant phenomenon, of the day.
"I'll play second to no man in England
but John Kemble," he cried. The time
came when he was no longer to play sec
ond even to Kemble.
After many years of acting in the prov
inces he at last secured an engagement at
Drury Lane. For a lom? time, however,
he was not permitted • to make his
debut. Ho insisted fiercely on 'appearing
as Shylock, and in spite of the opposi
tion of the manager and the sneers of the
company he gained his point. His debut
is one of tho moat remarkable events In
the history of the English stage. Un
known and friendless, playing to a cold
and critical audience, he simply took the
house by storm. No such first night had
been known in London since Garrick's
day. In Richard, his -next part, he chal
lenged comparison with Garrick himself.
"By Jove, he Is a soul!" 'wrote Lord
Byron on witnessing the performance.
"Life, nature, truth without exaggeration
or diminution. Kemble's Hamlet is per
fect, but Hamlet is not nature. Richard
Is a man and Kean is Richard."
He went on from triumph to triumph.
Hamlet was thought 4 to be Kemble's
greatest role, but Kean : s passionate emo
tion showed a thousand new* beauties in
the part. His Othello was said to have
been unequealed in the history of acting.
In Lear he had the courage to restore the
original fifth act of the play. Ions: super
seded on the stage by Tate's absurd
"happy ending." "No one knows what I
can-do till he sees me with Cordelia dead
In my arras," Kean said, and the effect he
produced upon his audience was utterly
beyond description. But perhaps his
greatest -Impersonation was that of Sir
Giles In "A New Way to Pay Old Debts."
¦ During the last scene ladies were carried
from the boxes in hysterics, Ix)rd Byron
fell into a fit of strong convulsions, and
the actress who was playing Lady All
worth fainted away on the stage.
But the very violence of passion which
made Kean so great was the means of hi*
destruction. Ho was unable to withstand
the temptations of his suddenly achieved,
success. He squanderea money like a
madman, setting his child to play with
piles of sovereigns and bundles of bank
notes, signing away huge sums to sharp
ers, drinking, reveling and playing all
manner of wild pranks. In America he
joined for a Um« a band of Hurons, who
elected him their chief, and from whom
he was rescued by his friends on the
verge of insanity. He finally sank to .t
stage where it was !mDO9slble for him to
act except under the stimulus of heavy
doses of brandy. At :ast, at. the asre o"f
fifty, he broke down altogether. He was
playing Othello to his eon's Iagro. but In
the third act he fell forward upon hlj
son's- neck. "I am dying. Charlie: speak
to them for me." he whispered. Six weeks
later he passed away, muttering broken
phrases from his great Darts.
Kean's genius was limited to certain
parts, 1 but in these he was supreme. "To
see him act," -said Coleridge, "la like
reading Shakespeare bj flashes of light
ning." He had few physical qualifications,
a lowt and meager - figure, a dark, rrlm
countenance and a husky voice: but hla
Copyright, 1901, by Seymour Eaton.
amazing power of concentrated effort, ani
his boundless capacity of emotion, raised
him to the very highest pinnacle of his
art.
William Macready, the first of the srreat
actor-managers of the nineteenth century.
Is .hardly to be clas^e-1 along with Kean
and Kemble as an Interpreter of Shakes
peare. He had neither the passion of ttw
one nor the perfect art of the other. Buc
he wa3 an actor of vfrv srrent merit, de
voted to his art, thoughtful; studious,
sensitive and emotional. He made hi*
debut as a boy of seventeen as Romeo "at
Birmingham, and six years later won a
place for himself in London against 3ucn
rivals as Kean. Charles Kemble. Youss
# and the elder Booth, lie may be said t<>
have been eclectic In als acting, natura.,
classical, or romantic, according to thu
part he sustained. His great strength,
however, lay in his rtnderlnE of solemn
passion and of profound sorrow.
His first BQCCeaa was won In Richard.
In which he dared to challenge the hith
erto incomparable Kenn. So good a crit!-?
as L-eish Hunt held that, honors wero
evenly divided between them. If tn*> tw<>
performances could liave been combined,
he said, the result would have been per
fect. As he rose in reputation. Macready
uevoted himself to bntisirifj out- the !es-»
; known plays of Shakespeare. He revived
the second part of "Henry IV" and
achieved a great success in the role of
the world-worn kir.p. He brousrht "Henrv
V" once jnore u;>on the boards, and hi.-*
"King John" was considered one nt hi*
finest ports. He was a devoted student oT
Shakespeare, and. profoundly impressed
by Colt-ridge's famous tegturta, did all m
his power to discard the degraded acting
versions and restore "he true text of th<-»
poet to the stage. A thorough artist, sin
, cere and very much in earnest, he was a
favorite with the educated public, and
I counred amonjr his fritnda such m"n M
i Browning, Dickens. Bulwer. Talfourd and
] Tennyson. His voice wa« melodious and
of great power and flexibility, and hU
readings of plays were almost as fine «3
; his impersonations. He retired from th<*
I stage In 1251, appearing for the last timo
in his favorite parr of Macbeth.
It is tit and pleasant to close this sketch
of a great ciyn.isty of English actor3 with
the r.ame cf tht> American whose ances
try as well as his genius linked this coun
try to the motherland, and revived in th«
New World the splendid traditions of
Shakespearean acting In the Old. Edwin
Booth, born at Beialr, Md.. In 1SH3. was
the son of Junius Hrutus Booth, the oUl
follower and one time rival of Edmund
Kean. The boy bf^an at an early ap:**
I to accompany his father on his theatrical
j tours, and at 1»J made his first appear-
I ance on the stase in the very minor chaj--
I aeter of Tressil in Clbber's version of
"Richard III." Before long he took th«
part of Richard himself on an occaslo.i
when his father, quite .is noted for his ec
centricity as for his frenlus. declined at the
last moment to appear In this hi3 favorite
character. He underwent a long and try
ing novitiate on the Pacific Coast, whither
he had journeyed with hi* father shortly
after the discovery of gold in' California.
He was snowed up in little mountain
towns among the Sierras, learneokto know
| the pinch of poverty, fatigue and hun
ger, performed with his own hands tho
most mental offices of a theater, an 1
squandered tho resources of his art on
audiences that would have preferred
a comic song aiul a breakdown. But his
trials only served to enrich, purify and
heighten his character. There was little
of the "Bohemian in Edwin Booth, nothing
of the restless ambition or the wild de
bauchery of Kean. He had In early life
a hard battle with the vice of intemper
ance, inherited from his father, but ha
mastered it. and from that time till his
last day was ever the same simple, kindly,
honorable gentleman — with one exception,
perhaps, the best loved actor that has
ever trod the stage in thl.s country.
Booth returned to the East in 1S57 and
established himself at once as the con
tlnuator of the Shakespearian tradition in
this country. In a long engagement In
New York he acted Richard III. Shylock.
Lear. Romeo and Hamlet. In 1S83 he u>
dtrtook the management of the "Winter
Oarden Theater in New York, and in the
following winter brought out a splendid
performance of "Hamlet." which he play
ed for a hundred consecutive nights, a
record unparalleled In the history of tho
stage. t
It would serve no purpose here to go
into the detail of Booth's life. It was
devoted throughout to his art. He con
ducted for a time the noblest theater that
this country has ever seen. He traveled
throughout the land, spreading every
where a taste for the beautiful and the
Ideal in dramatic art: he visited England
and Germany and won from foreign audi
ences the most generous tributes of
praise. He lived to be the dean of the
profession In this country, the founder of
the Players' Club in New York, and the
revered and beloved friend and patron of
a younger generation of actors. No player
since the time of Betterton has occupied
the position that Edwin Booth held in hl3
last years.
Booth had nothing of the versatility of
Garrlck. and was happily devoid of that
craving for novelty which led Kean and
Kemble to waste their genius on trifling
parts. His roles were few In number, but
{ each was a finished and noble piece of
workmanship.
"The salient attributes of Booth s art.
says his biographer, "were Imagination,
insight, grace. Intense emotion and melan
choly refinement. The controlling at
tribute—that which Imparted Individual
character, color and fascination to hl3
acting— was the thoughtful introspective
habit of a stately mind, abstracted from
passion and suffused with a mournful
dreaminess cf temperament." His fine
person, his grave melancholy face, his
golden miracle nf a voice, all contributed
to make him an- Ideal poetic actor. But
his physical gifts shrank into Insignifi
cance when compared with that mental
superiority which lifted him so far above
the rank" and tile of players. Booth was
a modest and unassuming man. but he
never reeded to claim the first place on
any stage. It was conceded to him at
once as an Inherent right.
He was the finest Shakespearean actor,
with the possible exception of Kean. that
has ever been seen in America. He was
great as Shylock, Lear. Macbeth. Richard
and Iago, but greatest of all as Hamlet.
This was his own favorite part; he built
it up by long and careful study, and left
such an impression behind him that to
this day the figure of Shakespeare's prlnc«
is toSnany a mind completely identified
with that of Edwin Booth. "He seemed."
s»ys Mr. "Winter, "to live Hamlet rather
than to act It." It was a most intellec
tual but at the same time a most poetic
and emotional interpretation. There
were few great "points'." In It, few of
Kean's lightning flashes, but a calm an<i
steady glow of sympathetic comprehen
sion. The princely grace and courtesy,
the brilliant wit. the dominant Intellec-
I tuality. and. above all, the vast and
brooding melancholy of Booth's Hamlet
can never be forjrotten by any one who
has had the good fortune to see that most
memorable display of the actor's art.
It may seem strange to close such a
study as this without a word of Sir Henry
Irving, the present great upholder of the
Shakespearean tradition. But he Is still
too near us to be properly judged. Hla
services to -the cause of the legitimate
drama have been very great; may fee Ions
be spared to render them.
T. M. PARROTT,
Princeton University.
Note — An examination on this coarse
will be published on Monday next as a
basis for the granting of certificates.
Shakespearean Actors of Three Cen
i'turies— The Kembles, M^tcready
and Kean. .
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
CREW OF BRITISH SHIP PYRENEES
NARROWLY ESCAPES INCINERATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 7; 1901.
7
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Mackinaw Seattle Feb. 7
Santa Rosa San Diego Feb. 7
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb. 7
City of Para.... Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 7
Zealandla Honolulu Feb. 7
Creacent City.. Crescent City Feb. 7
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Feb. 8
Royalist Oyster Harbor Feb. 8
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 8
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 8
Coronado Ventura '.Feb. 8
Hyades.. .Seattle Feb. 9
Jeanie Seattle Feb. 9
Nippon JIaru... China and Japan Feb.' 9
Columkffa Portland and Astoria.. Feb. 9
Progreso JTacoma Feb. 9
Queen tJSan Diego Feb. 10
Bonlta |Xewport :|Feb. 10
Pomona jHumboldt IFeb. 10
Coquille River. jGray3 Harbor Feb. 10
New-burg IGraya Harbor Feb. 10
Koanoke Panama Feb. U
Walla Walla... 'PuKet Sound Ports Feb. 11
l^oelanaw Seattle Feb. IX
North Fork Humfcoldt Feb. 13
Corona Xewport Feb. 13
Steamer. Destination. ISalls. Pier.
February 7.
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor I Pier —
Mandalay Coqullle River )lO am Pier 2
Czarina.. Seattle & Tacoraa. 5 pm Pier S
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Pomona Humbcldt 2 pm Pier 9
Curacao. Mexican Pom 10 am Pier 11
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier —
Kebrnary S. j
Kmpire Coos Bay 4 pmlPler 13
Guatemala... West Coast & Way 2 pmjS.W. 1
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Pts 12 mlPMSS
Corona.. Newport 9 ami Pier 11
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
rehronry O.
Doric China ami Japan.. 1 pm PUSS
Point Arena., i'olnt Arena 2 pm Pier 2
February 10.
Arcata Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa.. San Dleiro 9 am Pier 11
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Eureka IHumboldt 9 am Pier 13
February 11.
Australia Tahiti 12 m Pier 7
Fehrnarr 12.
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Bonita........ Newport 9 am Pier 11
February 13.
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts 9 pm Pier 7
Queen •. . San Diego 0 am Pier 11
Sun :
Sun. f
Moon
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 7.
rises ' 7 :C0
tetn :.: 5:39
rises '..... 9:58 p. m.
< ..:
7 ...
8 '..,
9 ...
10 ...
11 ...
12 ...
13 ...
Time jTlme Tlmej JTime
Ft. Ft. [Ft.! Ft.
H Wl IL TV ¦ H W , L, W|
1:40 6.3 7:07 2.0 1:16 4.9 7:19 0.8
2:12 h.l- 7:«5 1.9 2:04 4.5 7:52 1.3
2:43 5.2 8:43 "1.8 2:65 4.2 8:23 1.7
8:15 5.1 9:34 1.6 8:53 3.9 9:0Z 2.1
3:50 5.1 10:31 1.4 5:06 3.7 9:50 2.5
4:27 u.l 11:36 1.1 6:30 3.6 10:43 2.3
5:14 5.3 12:3Ti 0.S 7:40 3.8 11:50 3.0
6:0? 5.2] 1:28 O.oj 8:42 4.1
Sun :
Sun. f
Moon
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 7.
rises ' 7 :C0
tetn :.: 5:39
rises '..... 9:58 p. m.
< ..:
7 ...
8 '..,
9 ...
10 ...
11 ...
12 ...
13 ...
Time jTlme Tlmej JTime
Ft. Ft. [Ft.! Ft.
H Wl IL TV ¦ H W , L, W|
1:40 6.3 7:07 2.0 1:16 4.9 7:19 0.8
2:12 h.l- 7:«5 1.9 2:04 4.5 7:52 1.3
2:43 5.2 8:43 "1.8 2:65 4.2 8:23 1.7
8:15 5.1 9:34 1.6 8:53 3.9 9:0Z 2.1
3:50 5.1 10:31 1.4 5:06 3.7 9:50 2.5
4:27 u.l 11:36 1.1 6:30 3.6 10:43 2.3
5:14 5.3 12:3Ti 0.S 7:40 3.8 11:50 3.0
6:0? 5.2] 1:28 O.oj 8:42 4.1
Steamer. Destination. ISalls. Pier.
February 7.
Grace Dollar. Grays Harbor I Pier —
Mandalay Coqullle River )lO am Pier 2
Czarina.. Seattle & Tacoraa. 5 pm Pier S
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Pomona Humbcldt 2 pm Pier 9
Curacao. Mexican Pom 10 am Pier 11
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier —
Kebrnary S. j
Kmpire Coos Bay 4 pmlPler 13
Guatemala... West Coast & Way 2 pmjS.W. 1
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Pts 12 mlPMSS
Corona.. Newport 9 ami Pier 11
Coronado Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
rehronry O.
Doric China ami Japan.. 1 pm PUSS
Point Arena., i'olnt Arena 2 pm Pier 2
February 10.
Arcata Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa.. San Dleiro 9 am Pier 11
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Eureka IHumboldt 9 am Pier 13
February 11.
Australia Tahiti 12 m Pier 7
Fehrnarr 12.
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Bonita........ Newport 9 am Pier 11
February 13.
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts 9 pm Pier 7
Queen •. . San Diego 0 am Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Mackinaw Seattle Feb. 7
Santa Rosa San Diego Feb. 7
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb. 7
City of Para.... Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 7
Zealandla Honolulu Feb. 7
Creacent City.. Crescent City Feb. 7
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Feb. 8
Royalist Oyster Harbor Feb. 8
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 8
Arcata Coos Bay Feb. 8
Coronado Ventura '.Feb. 8
Hyades.. .Seattle Feb. 9
Jeanie Seattle Feb. 9
Nippon JIaru... China and Japan Feb.' 9
Columkffa Portland and Astoria.. Feb. 9
Progreso JTacoma Feb. 9
Queen tJSan Diego Feb. 10
Bonlta |Xewport :|Feb. 10
Pomona jHumboldt IFeb. 10
Coquille River. jGray3 Harbor Feb. 10
New-burg IGraya Harbor Feb. 10
Koanoke Panama Feb. U
Walla Walla... 'PuKet Sound Ports Feb. 11
l^oelanaw Seattle Feb. IX
North Fork Humfcoldt Feb. 13
Corona Xewport Feb. 13
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
' of ¦ railroads.
Office, 30 Montgomery : street.
; ; J|§|§| Is a Healthful Drink.
1 1 srrcsnrs; Recommended
:*~gr* By Physicians, !
| r^pf^^r fo r Gout and Rheurrm- |
1 %$&&}$ tlsm, Indigestion and
' ¦' W^z[M Stomach Disorders. ]
'¦' fNf^wir^* Beware of
,; g^^ Cheap Substitutes.
:' Vichy is Only Imported In Bottles, !
(So-called) Vichy uratra from
I tho eoda fountain or put np
in syphons, IS NOT VICHY.
| The Only Cknuine Vichy It to\A\n Bottles '
' | like this cut, and not in any other form. ' j
General Aecncy.ca) Broadway, N. T. j\
Any one knows and known when cured. We
hare offered a reward of 525 for 4 years here
!n L$s Anfj-elps to any one with Piles who could
not be cured with 1 Box of Verus Pile Cure,
and not one person has claimed the reward.
We now offer and will pay »ny one suffering
with Piles %*0 who .cannot be cured with Verus
Pile Cure. Our record shows over 10,000 cured.
Write for Information. Perhaps we hava your
neighbors testimonial. Price |2, postpaid.
VERDS PILE CDfe CO., Room 226, Wilson -Btt
Or ELLINGTON DRUG CO.. Wholesale and
Retail DnifTBlsts. Agts.. Fourth and •
Spring Sts., Lo» Angeles. Cat;
D A I A Or The " hotels pos "
rALAlir ««s the attributes
i ninui. tourists and
0 fl fl travelers appreciate
Uliu —central location,
RRANI1 liberal manage-
UrinllU ment, modern ap-
U ft TCI p pointroents and
Sail FranCiSCO. ropean plans.
Only they who use it
know the luxury of it.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world*
AHUSEMElfTS.
LAST TWO WEEKS' ENGAGE- j
MENT.
IRS. FISKE
Fm:£ENTING
TESS OF THE
D'URBERYILLSS.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY of J
TESS cf the D'l'RBERVILLES.
•
Uoaflay. Fflrusry r. LAST WEEK OF \
WHS PSKE
. j
Mcr.dsy. Tnet lay ar.a Wednesday, • ;
TESS OF THE Q'URBEiWILLES. j
Thursday. FrWay ar.l Saturday Night and |
Saturday Matlr.ee, 4
"BECKY SHARP."
PEATS ON PALr THIS MORNING.
I!ar.sRers WaccafcaU ana Kemper Present
LOUIS ICATIir.TX
JAMES •« KIDDER <
TO-NIGHT. rV'.dav r.Icbt an* Pat. Matinee, I
Grand Scenic Revival of
"A MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S QREAM"
Faturday Night, "RICHARD III/*
Sunday Ni£ht. "MACBETH."
COHINQ TO ALKA? B3A
NEXT SLJ!\Drt.V NIGHT.
£<•!,'* m F a!» at Alfc&rr.bra t^x efflce. S CON- j
OKJ'.T?. I
COLUMBIA TflEATEB-Extra
5UNDAT AFTHRNOCN. FEB. 1?.
At i o'clock eharp.
KINTH ANNUAL BENEFIT
In aid of the
CHARITY FUND
P.'-N FRANCISCO TX)PGE, NO. 21,
Theatrical Keshahics 1 Association.!
BEST PILL EVER OIVKX IN THE CITT. j
Ttesprvfi spat*. l r -c ar.l it
Now rn Kale at the box office.
ANOTHER BIG BILL!
JimRAT AND LANE. KATIIRTN* OSTER-
?,:.\N-. Ell PI RE CITT COMEUT FOt~R.
UZZIE AND VINin DALT. FOT AND ;
CLAEK. LEA1IEH BISTERS. TCABRSN
ANL> BLA.NCHARI). THE BIOGUAPii.
SECOND WEEK OF
THE NINE NELSONS.
Rp«^riPi Pest!!. ZZr; Bal-onr. 10c; Opera.
<~ha:rs and Box S<>ati=. :.<V\ '
ftlatineei Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
*TI VOLI*
IT'S ALL THE KAGE!
Ever!rss at S. Matinee Saturday at 2.
Till: COMIC OPERA* PAR EXCELLEXC2!
1'LANQUETTE'S
Ccrc'.ns-WIZARD OF THE NILE. With
"HOOT MCN" WHEELAN.
rorULAK PRICES Zi acl GO cent*
Telethene— Bu«h J.
ALF EXUXGHOCSE Prop, fcrd Manap«r
PHONE \fcOl-TH 770
A TKTT.T ARTISTIC SUCCESS
Every Evening Th;* Week— Matinee Saturday.
VTM. A- BRACT'S Orand Production of
•'THE SORROWS OF SATAN."'
A EEAI'TIFIL PRODUCTION.
A&Sl&ed and Dramatize frnaj the *"amou«
Ncvel of MAIilE COR ELM. ps Origin-
ally Pnxiuwd at the Shaft»sbury
Theatr*. L-mrton, England.
Beautiful Costume?! Elaborate Bcenery! Mar-
velous EIrrtrl'-al Effects! Prr^-rited by
a Carefully S^lectfd Company cf
1 "layers.
rVEXIXG "c, i-dc and T>?
MATINEE 15c. 25e, 25c and SOc
Next Bandar pver.tns.
CAl JCR BEATS NOW RKADT.
v3UUO>V ALHAMISRA BOX OFFICE.
QLYMPIA &£ r »ilo*
THE ONLT FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IX
THE CITT.
FAnnWELL WEEK OF
THE MORRISSES,
One of the O!yinj!!a'» greatest importations.
QUERITA~VINCENT,
fan Francisco'* favorite sons bird.
mabelIiTjdson,
In a change of repertoire,
AND OtTR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANT.
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAT.
ADMISSION FREE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JQGKEYGLUB.
TANFORAN PARK-THIRD UEETINCL
L'.r.ccy. January ZU to Saturday. February
t. Inclusive.
fclX Oil UORE RACES EACH TTEEK DAT.
eix EUJc* Events, Three Hurdle Races aad
E'.x Steeplechases.
FIRST H CE OF THE DAT AT MO P. M.
Train* leave Third and Townsend streets for
Tanforan Par* at 7, 10:49, 31:33 a. m.. 1, 1:10
*r»<l 2 p. in. Trains leave Tanforan Part for
frisrn Frr -• ¦- at 4:13 p. m.. followed after the
Iztt race at Intervals of a few minute* by lev-
•ral »ptcia>. iv.sts In rear car« reserved for
lui • s and ihetr «-r-«-rte. Arfzcissloa to course.
.lccJudlne ralircad fare, J1.2C.
MILTON 6. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWAr.r. POTVEB. Racial Secretary.
CFPGEI GREATEST LIVING •
JICtlJDL, HANDOLW VIRTUOSO.
FEATS ON FALC at Tbe 7.BXO MAUVAIo
MUSIC CO.'S STORE. TC» Market st.
Y. M. C. A. HALL.
FRIDAY NIGHT, Feb. 8.
ADMISSION. 50c; RESERVED SEATS. 75c.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ftftsg&irel? csrccl 07 tbaso
JUttle Pills.
They also jxlieve Distress froin Dj»pq»2a» I
Indigestion aad Too Hearty Eatijig. Apo* |
feet renncty tor Dizziness, Kausca, Drovrst j
ness, BadTastem toe fiioutn- Coated Tcngtic I
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They !
Reruiate ihe Bowels. Purely Vegetable , j
StnaU Fin, Sroafi Dose*
': Srefr!! PilZ2*'
| KERN RIVER OEL LANDS j
Proven territory, en line of railroad, for ;
rale Eplendliicj^ance ior tIlCFe about to j
fcrm an ell corr.pary. NEWTON. CAR-
J MEN' ,& SOMES (S. C. MASON, agent).
101 Cfc'rcn'.O b!<3-.. San Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND' OPERA. HOUSE j
MATINEES SATURDAY and FUNDAT.
LAST FOl'R NIGHTS OF TtIK GREATEST
LIVING IRISH COMEDIAN,
CHARLES ERIN VERNER,
LAST FOUR NIGHTS,
SHAMS O'BRIEN
TRICEP— 10c. lie. ISc. EOc A fsw front rows
In OrchcFtra. Toe. Good Reserved Sea.t In Or-
ilieitl* at all Matinees, 25c. Branch Ticket
Offi' e Emporium.
February 25-REOPENING OF THE MO-
KOSCO STOCK SEASON.
KSOROSGO'SGRANDOPERA-HOUSE, Special
GOTTLOn. MARX & CO. an4 WALTER MO-
ROECO Announce the Farewell Ap-
pearance In This City of
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT
M.
Under the Direction of
jv\Ft. mnupiCE or?/\u.
FOR TWO WEEKS ONLT.
Commenci i - MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
February 11, in
ROSTAND 1 B DRAMATIC POEM.
s&tSSSSs? "L'AIGLQN"
Saturday Matinees.
OR. THE EAGLET.
SEATS NOV." ON BALE at Box Offlce. Orand
OjfOra-hcuse. and at Hranch Ticket
O'flce. Emporium.
PRICEf-Sl 50. $2. P and ft. Boxes. $^>. tU
end ?12. General Admission, J2. Gallery, fl.
Sunday Evening. February 17.
"PHEDRE" and
"LBS PR5CIEUSBS RBDICULE")
MME. BEHXHARDT and M. COQUELIN j
Will Appear at Every Performance.
F-:ats on Sale for This Performance Monday j
Morning. _ j
I ftVHEATRr ?<>
LAST FOUR NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
E. S. Willard'a Success of Two Continent*,
By Henry Arthur Jones, Esq.
NEXT WEEK
Augnstln Daly's Kasclnatinz Comedy.
"A NIGHT OFF."
j SEAT? NOV.' READY.
i '
Phcne South 5C3
TO-NIGHT-EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SIWDAY.
A BIO HIT— POWERFUL MELODRAMA— A
DA LIGHTER QF=
THE MILLION.
Not In Us Fifth Tear in England.
Novel and Startling Situations.
A Stupendous Scenic Production, etc
DDIPFC Evenings lCc. 15c, 25c, 33c, SOc
rfillLJ Matinees lCc. lie. Kc
NEXT V l T:EK-"AFTER DARK."
CHUTES_AND ZOO
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT :
THE AMATEURS
IN A
mJJmWj 11 1 vlli i/luv it £
! TELEPHONE FOR SEATS. PARK 23.
THE PRISON J THE POPE.
LECTURE BY
REV. PETER C. YORKE
For tbe Benettt of ST. JOHN'S PARISH.
(Rev. Father Brady. Rector.)
Thursday Evening, F ?M901,
At S o'clock.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Fifth and Jessie Streets.
TICKETS 50c
THE HENSGHELS.
SECOND RECITAL at METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
> THIS AFTERNOON AT 3:15.
Subsequent Recitals:
Eiturday at 3:1S p. m.. Monday it 8:15 p. ra.
•\Vertneeday at 3:15 p. m. Lest recital Thurs-
day, Feb. 14, at i:is p. m.
Prices— 75c, f L |1 SO and 12. Seats for all
recital* on talc at fiherman. Clay & Co.'s. -
PT?f!rIFR >{ ? CONCERT HOUSE.
riai/nUK O Admission IOc.
All Zada. Ualton ana Lewi?, the Marco*,
Godfrey, Lillian Levy, Cunningham, Harry de
Lain, the Fairbanks brothers trad Hlnrlchs*
orchestra.
Reserved Seats 25c Matinee Sunday..'•'lzu York. Stock Market.
NEW TOIIK. Feb. €.— The trading In stocks
end bonds to-day showed extraordinary volume
nr..I variety, the apgresate sales of all stock*
reaching 1.S94.200 Bhares.. compared with the
record of over 2.100.000 shares which .only ex
reeils then. The day's business In bonds wa*
also x-ery !«rs:e. but <JId not reach the level
Attained at various times In the bull market
of the spring of 1893. It must be bome in
ralnd also that the dealings In bonds are esti
mated according' to the par value of the ascuri
ties tmnFferred, and ¦ the ' bonds which were
innst pro«ninent In the day's transactions were
low grade speculative bonds. In many cases
»»lHn*r at leas than naif their par value. The
demand for railroad bonds is nevertheless a.
very notable feature tn the current ma.rket and
the pressure of Investment funds Into these
•»m!-s,p*culatlve «*ctirHles had a great lnfju
«nc* on Fueculatlve rentrment In -. the stock
market. The day's market divided Itself quite
CHICAGO. Feb. 6.— The opening In the wheat
market was not cheerful. In the way of news
there was nothing, of moment save the fact
that Liverpool had declined agreeably | to the
example, set on this side yeeterday. - Outside
Interest was still undeveloped. \ This left .- the
generally bearish crowd to furnish a demand,
and they were in no .wise inclined to do this,
the liberality of . offerings ¦ from 'commission
houses and individual longs resulting In heavi
ness early. May wheat, which opened lH@V«c
lower at 74^4.t/7**»c. gradually worked ¦ oft - to
74%c. The demand, ¦ such as it was, "came al
mo«t entirely from shorts who took the oppor
tunity to secure profits. At the same time,
however, some of them ¦ put: out other lines 1 on
the belief in -f till lower Agurea. for 'the' cereal.
Two recognire'd bulls bought moderately, .even
when the world's' visiblo increase announce
ment had caused "greater • bearish ' confidence
among their neighbors in the pit. r Their buying
had much- to do in .steadying the. market at
74%c. 'It made the crowd nervous.;.' Attention
was called to the -statement' of ¦ an Antwerp
cc»re«pondent that ¦; Europe. waa dependent on
EASTERN MARKETS.
There was less activity In the oil stocks,
though business was very good nevertheless'
and quotations as a rule were steady to firm.
Giant Powder wa3 again the active stock on
the Bond Exchange, selling at $S5 30@85 in the
rnorninff and $S5*fS4 50 in thp afternoon. There
were sales of Oceanic Steamship at J101©
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
WEDNESDAY. Feb. 6-2 p m
UNITED STATES BONDS.
U S 4s coup...ll3U114H US 4s cp(new)l.T7>i'l\7»i
Do 4s reg.... 113 1,11 4H, Do 3s COUp.'W"ari2
> MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bay C P Co.. .10-, HCtf Oak Tr Co 6a.. 114 113
Cal-st Cab Ss.116 - Oak W Co os". -. ' lJrt;
C C Water .'s. — — Oceanic S S 5slO7 107*i
Ed L & P 6s.. 13 — Ora C R Gs 12S —
F & Cl Ry 6s..ll»',i - Pac G Imp Vs'.lOO -
'i'. eary^ St -, U lS \T . ~ Pk & <n R 63-105 —
Haw C o' /a s..,.10SU — Pk & O U 6s.. — —
T Do 5s 104',, _ Powell.^ n fo,!^ _
L A R n 5S...112U - S E G & R 5s. -ICO
L A Lt 6s — — 8 F & SJV 5s.lM —
Do gntd fis... — 104 S R of Cal 6s.. 110 —
Do gntd 5s... — — s P of A 6.«...lW;iU«i
'< A P 6s 101V, - Is p of A «s...U0» 4 -
Markt-st C 6s.l2S — ; Do (Series B)lll —
Do 1st c as. .122 — i Do <1906> 113 —
N C N G R 7s. — 113ii Do <1912) — 122«i
N K of Cal 63.113' — !S P of C lc os.107 lOSVi
Do r.s 120 — is P Dr R 6s. ..1314 —
N P C R R es.lOl'i — SI' Water 63..1!4^H5
Do 5s 108 — D.-» 4." 103 —
N C R R Ks... — 113 . Do 3d mtg...l0S —
0 G L & II 5s.Hl — Stk O & E 6s.lO3 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 67ij 63 jSpring Val .... 32 82«J
Marln Co 52U — {
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... S 4 IPac Lt Co..... 43 —
Equit Gas D 3%,5? E G & R.... — 37ij
Mut El Lt 7',i 7'iUS F G & E.... 47\ 4S»,
O G L & 11... — -O^ij San Fran 4*i 44
Pac Ga3 Imp.. 41 41'i Stktn G & E.. — u
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firems Fund..232 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Angio-Cal 77 — Lon P & A. ...143 —
Bank of Cal... 4 10 — Mr Ex <liq)... i» _
Cal S D ,10^.4107 S F Natlonal.,120 123
1st N of S F.. — 3124
SAVINGS BANKS.
German — 1S-0 Sav & Loan... — _
Humboldt — — Security 27a —
Mutual 30 — Union Trust... —
S P Sav in... 510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Cal-st ..... 13-> 110 jO S L & H..'.. 40 —
Geary-st 47«i — Presidio — 20
Market-st 6S»i — I
POWDER STOCKS.
California 150 — Vlyorlt *. 24 —
Giant Con .... 84 S4'i ;.,¦_.; ¦-.•.
SITGAR . STOCKS.
Hana Plan ... SH SH Kllauea '....... 214 —
Haw Com ../. — 8"Vi Makawell 42 —
Honokaa 30»i 31 Onomea 27*i —
Hutch S P.... K»i 27" Paauhau, 33 3$4
Kan Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
E>; minimum, 41: mean. 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly along the
roast from Point Conception northward. It has
fallen rapidly over Arizona. Utah and east
ward to the Mississippi.
The ttorm nver the Sierras is moving slowly
eastward nnri will probably cross Utah and
Arizona hy Thursday morning.
Heavy fni«t ere reported in Northern Ari
rona and Utah with high west and southwest
winds.
The temperature has fallen over the greater
portion of the Pacific slope. - ." •
EaRthound travelers are warned to expect
Fnow and brisk southwest wind*.
Forecast made at San Francisco for ' ,»rty
hour* ending midnight February ":
Northern California— Cloudy Thursday warm
er In southern portion; light southerly winds
changing to northwesterly.
Pouthftrn California— Cloudy Thursday prob
«My clearing during the day; frerh southwest
winds.
Nevada-Snow Thursday, warmer; brisk north
ninds.
Ctah-Snow or rain Thursday; fresh souther
ly winds.
Arizona— Snow In northern portion Thursdav
rain In sovthern portion: fresh west wind '
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Thurs
day: I'gM southerly, changing to fresh we»
terly wind. ALEXANDER G. McADIE
Forecast Official.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Feb. «.-FLOUR-Recelpts,
13,555 barrels: exports, 30S3 barrels; quiet and
weak, buyers and sellers remaining 5@15c
apart: winter straights, $3 40.
WHEAT-Reeeipts, GS.100 bushels; exports,
lCCX) bushels; spot, steady; No. 2 red, 80%c t.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 79c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, S6c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Dulufh. ?9>4c T. o. b. afloat. Options
opened ea«y and later were weak under liqui
dation, bearish Liverpool cables, small sea
board clearances, foreign selling and liberal
increase in the world's stocks. On the decline
exporters bought freely and caused a final
slight rally, the market closing steady at a
partial \\c net decline. March, 7SVi«r79c. closed
T^c^ea'af 79^! " ffiSJ JU ' J ''
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOI.I— Steady. ¦ ,
S l ; ?, AR 7 R « Wl l ' tenJ 5" Tafr refining, 3*; C ;
centrifugal. $6 test, 4'.;c; molasses sugar 3»*c :
refined. steady. *!TV ;
COFFEE-Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice. 6'*c
roild, quiet; Cordova. *®12'-ic. Futures, steady
In tone, with r>rlcos unchanged to 10 points
higher: total sales reached 27.000 bags Includ
ing February. J5 40; March. $5 45«5 M; Mav
$5_50575 C3: July. * BO&S 60; September $5 65®
Scf7a h cto C r r^Tl^iv^ 2:C: JUn6 g^gS
EGGS— Receipts. 6724 packages; firm; Western
2oV2 n ic. rkett 21 ® 21 ' ic: 8cut £™ at marke?
The market for evaporated apples ruled quiet.
but st ;5i y ;.. at unrnans"! prices. State com
mon, 3»i@4^c; prime. 4%®5c; choice. 5»tQ6c
fancy. 6@7c. California dried fruits, quiet
Prunes. 3ViQ8>,4c per pound, as to size and
(j*u ?i 1 1 ty .
01Ec RICOTS ~ nO> ' aJ ' '^^ Uci Moorpark. 8Vi
PEACHES— Peeled. 14gi8c; unpeeled..6V4Q > 10c.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. Hay.
Opening ' g 00 6 »i
Closing 5 HSi ¦ 6 V»
PARIS.
Wheat— Feb. Apr. -May.
Opening 19 15 10 35
Closing ' 19 20 20 35
Flour — .
Opening 24 40 26 10
Closing 24 43 26 05
Available Grain Supply.
NEW TORK. Feb. 6.— Special cable and tele
graphic communications to Bradstreet's show
the following changes in available supplies,
compared with the previous account.
Wheat United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease 1.0S1.0C0 bushels: afloat
for and in Europe, Increase 2.7CO.O0O bushels;
total supply, increase 1.616.CO0 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the-
Rockies, increase 1,060.000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease 3S7.000 bushels.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. Feb. 6.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
There is a continued improvement In the
movement of wool, but It has been at the ex
pense of prices, which have, been weak and
lower, except on a very few grades, such as
washed delaines and (juarterblood unwashed
combings. Some houses are willing to Fell at
lower prices than others, so that the market ia
to a considerable extent an Irregular and un
even one. but it Is possible to buy nearly all
grades of wool now at material concessions
from the prices ruling a month ago, and each
week sees some shading. In values, especially
on low Territories. Foreign wools, also, under
the influence of the depression existing abroad
and the disappointing course of the London
sales, are weak, and a considerable amount
of speculative wool carried over from 1S97 is
reported to have been disposed of in this mar
ket in the past week or ten days at a material
concession in price. The course of the goods
market thus far has been a slow one. The
present volume of orders is unsatisfactory in
size, but It is considered a healthy one. as the
clothing trade Is pursuing a very conservative
course, and such orders as they have given
are- not likely to be canceled. Taken alto
gether the situation is unsatisfactory, although
it is gratifying to know that a baals has at
length been reached on which manufacturers
are willing to operate when they need wool,
but there Is little satisfaction for the wool
merchants in doing business on the level of to
day's market.
The tales for the week In Bostpn amounted
to 3.114,340 pounds domestic and 823.000 pounds
foreign, making a total of 3.939,400 pounds,
against a total of 3.456.COO for the previous
week, and a total of 3.812,000 for the corre
sponding week last year. The sales since
January 1 amount to 13.534.400 pounds, against
21.421.6CO pounds for the corresponding time
last j'tar.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. Feb. 6.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales numbered 11.CS3 bales, consisting
n-.ostly of new clip stock. Merinos In fair de
mand. A good supply of crossbreds was
bovght freely by the home trade.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal offerings
were In slow request.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Feb. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts 20.C0O.
including SCO Texans. Steers weak at 10c
lower. Butchers stock steady to a shade
lf.wer. Texans steady. Good to prime steers.
$3©6: poor to medium, $3 40^4 90; stockers and
feeders, weak to a- shade lower. $2 75@4 50;
cows, $2 50@4 15; heiTers, $; 60@4 50; canners.
weak to 10c lower. $1 90@2 50; bulls, $2 7564 21;
calves, $4(S6 15: Texas fod steers, $4K4 SO:
Texas grass steers, $3 2C@3 00; Texas bulls,
$2 50ST3 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day 43,000. to-morrow
rO.OCO; left over, estimated, 4000. Active. Sc
lower. Top. $5 33. mixed and butchers, $:. 10
<35 30: good to choice heavy, $3 1O®5 TO; light.
$3 1CS5 27 \i: bulk. $5 20©5 35.
Nczv York Metal Market.
SHEEP— Receipts. 15.CC0. Slow. closing
steady for choice sheep. Lambs weak to 10c
lower. Good to choice wethers, $3 80^4 30: fair
to choice, mixed, $3 50ia3 SO: Western sheep.
JS 75@4 2. r >: Texas sheep. J2 60(R3 50: native
lamb*, $4 25(ff5 20; Western lembs, $1 9085 23.
NEW TORK. Feb. 6. — It was a day of small
things In local metal circles generally, even
rr.oie so than in the past few weeks. A stead
ier feeling, however, prevailed In tin. despite
weak ndvlces from London, where prices were
lf.s lov.-er on spot to £122 13s. but trading was
heavy and dull. The close here was quiet and
steady nt S26 &0. .
Copper was without important. new features,
ruling dull and easy at $17 for lake and $16 C2',i
for casting. *
L«ad continues to rule dull, with trading of
a hand-to-mouth order, at $4 37%. • . ¦; -
Spelter was weak, closing at'$3 9o^?4
Pig Iron '.- warrants ensy at $3 50(310 iO.
Northern foundry. $1S@16 50.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK, Feb. 6.— The .cotton market
opened steady with prices 2 points higher to
one point lower. The initial figures proved
to be the lowest of the day, as a spurt of gen
eral buying led by pit shorts, carried values
up 5 to 7 potnts above yesterday s closing,
after which . there was no Etriklne reaction.
At th» close the market was quiet, undertone,
unsteady, with prices net 2®* points higher.
Portland's Business.
Northern Wheat Market.
* POUTLAND. ' Or. . Feb. 6.— Clearinsrs, $339,S30.;
balances. »54,396. ¦.
:•'/'• :¦ ' . .'¦'•' ' OREGON.
PORTLAND. Feb. 6.— WHEAT— Walla Walla,
54Mt<g'03c; blue stem, 67c.
' The combined stock ' of wheat af Portland.
Or., Tacoroa and. Seattle, "Wash., ; Increased
94 000 bushels last week.
Cleared— Steamer Coudon . for Callao with
21 220 barrels ¦ flour. .
WASHINGTON.
," TACOMA. Feb.r «.— WHEAT— He lower; and
quiet. Blue stem, 67^4c; club. 55c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON'. Feb. - 6.— Consols. 97: Silver.
28 l-16d :; French " rentes. 102f . 15c : wheat car
goes on passage, quiet ., and : steady; ; Walla
Walla, ISs; English country markets, part 6d
cheaper.- ... "- ' ¦¦• ¦-. .'. ' ;¦: -
LIVERPOOL." Feb. 8.— Wheat, quiet; Xo. 1
Standard .California, €S;SdS'6s ZMd; wheat :1a
distinctly into three classes. The first was
comprised in the opening bulge in which the
violent competitive bidding due to the con
gestion of urgent buying orders over night
caused some sensational advances. Prices
promptly ran off on- profit-taking attracted by
this hiph level and the market yielded so,
easily that the bear traders made a vigorous
attack, causing some uther serious breaks in
prices. This- comprised the second cycle of
the market. When the selline mood had ex
hausted Itself traders began to he Impressed
with the character of some of the buying at
the decline. When the semi-annual dividend
on Heading first preferred was announced,
showing an increase- from lt±. the previous
rate. tr> 2 per cent, the buying again tx-came
furiously active and a considerable short in
terest was driven precipitately to cover. This
comprised the: last cycle- in the market. .The
1 final recovery was bronen by frequent periods
of realizing, which continued In some cases
to the close, making the tone slightly irregu
lar at the last, though the undertone was
strong. The opening bulge was most pro
nounced in the swi stocks under the influence
of the growing belief in the plan to consolidate
all the great steel combinations. This billion- '
dollar consolidation is so stupendous In Its
proportions and offers such vast possibilities
for flotation of new securities as to dazzle the
, mort fertile speculative imagination. The cur
i rent belief in its accomplishment really un
derlay the whole speculative moment of the
cay. although there were other considerations
which supplemented it. The most conspicuous
movement* in" the steel stocks and the largest
transactions were In 1'ederal Steel and Steel
rnd Wire. Federal ?t=el rose 3*» and the pre
ferred 4'i. Pteel and Wire rose 3 and the pre- i
ferred 2. National Tube was up 3V and lie- :
public Steel preferred 4' 4 . Th»re were consid
erable reactions in this- group, as well as in
the whole group after the opening bulge. The
selling toAake profits showed signs of urgency
at many points in the railroad list and some
of the leading stocks got from 1 to 2 points
un.lfr lust night. Thn.«e which have recently
advanced most strongly were weakest on the
decline. Pennsylvania, the coalers, the gran
g«-rs the Southwestern, including Atchison
and Southern Pacific &nd Louisville, were all
conspicuously heavy. Some of them remained
comparatively heavy until the close, although
the late violent recovery in the Readings and
St.. Paul affected the members of their re
spective groups. rnlon Pacific yielded under
the effective profit-taking, but took a very
prominent part In the recovery, reaching a
level of VA over yesterday. Denver and Rio
Grande made a sensational advance of 5li and
the preferred 2U. while the other Colorado
stocks were affected to a lms degree on the
supposition that their amalgamation was con
templated, rail money again rose above the
recently current rate in the late dealings, but
without affecting the bullish enthusiasm. Xo
gold was engaged for export, which was not
a surprise In view of the downward" course of ,
foreign Interest rates and the general expecta- 1
tion that the rate of discount of the Bank of
England will be reduced to-morrow to be fol
lowed by like action by other foreign Govern
ment banks.
Wo bash debentures were the feature of the
bond market, rising 4U points. Other low
priced bonds were in large demand. Total
sales, par value. tS,f>$9,000.
I'nited States refunding 2s declined >1 cer
cent en the last call. ¦
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Clc*inir
SOW. Stock- , b,?*
62.200 Atrhlson i,L
29.400 Atchison prefd u.-n
14.600 Baltimore & Ohio ".'.'.i SI'*
Canadian Pacific "" 9T1' !
1.000 Canada Southern '.'.'. „$:? '
4.200 Chesapeake & Ohio ..." 41 i
1.4C0 Chicago Great Western 20'm i
23,700 Chicago Burlington &. Quincy l«7-->.
4,100 Chicago Ind & Louisville
1.4f<0 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 6bhl
1,200 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 9$U
300 Chicago & Northwestern 174 "
22.4>» Chicago Rock Island & Pacific !l28-»
200 C C C & St Louis 77
3.400 Colorado Southern '.'.'...'.'. 8Vi
4,100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd '." 43',
1.200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd """" 17»;
2,500 Delaware & Hudson '.'. y^u,
300 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. !l96*i
:C.100 Denver.& Rio Grande 4o4
14.600 Denver & Rio Grande prefd >,!>>,
18,100 Erie " ¦»«'*
40,100 Erie 1st prefd .'.'.Y.WW'.Y \" " 67«
&«) Great Northern prefd "m
700 Hocking Coal .' ifi>
4.100 Hocking Valley ' «C
4.K-0 Illinois Central 130'..
2.400 Iowa Central [ "J-i"
1,9^0 Iowa Central prefd " '" 541,
400 Lake Erie & Western '.'.'.'.'.'.'" 44
I^ake Erie & Western* prefd '..'.'.112
Lake Shore '. vtn
15.100 LouieVIIle & Nashville . "3-5
12,400 Manhattan Elevated ".] 1191'
3,1'fl Metropolitan Street Hallway". ". leu
500 Mexican Central ' 16
I.2C0 Minneapolis & te't Louis "" r>\i
100 Minneapolis & Bt Louis prefd '..'.'.'.'.107 1
1S.100 Missouri Pacific .... qii
1.900 Mobile & Ohio •"""" 69
29.SM Missouri Kansas & Texas' -.-i;
16.K0 Missouri Kansas & Texas pre'fdv"' 59%
.WO New Jersey Central .......... i 52
5.6MJ New York Central 145x1
I-,4Ct) Norfolk & Western ...:.... '.451!
Norfolk & Western prefd .' si'H
10r..») Northern Pacific ...!.....""" IU'
6.200 Northern Pacific prefd . " km*
36.200 Ontario & Western «, *
Oregon Railway & Nav . 4g
";;V^ '.y**™ Railway & Nav prefd. .'.'.'.'..'. 76
69.600 Pennsylvania , 19t ,
€6.700 Reading ,,,'*
92.100 Heading 1st prefd .'....'.'. -til
49.C0O reading 2d prefd i?i*
:'C0 nio Grande Western ...'.'.'.'.','.'.'.'."" 7? *
Klo Grande Western prefd '"' " "
10.1(0 SI Louis & Fan Fran jur
100 St Louis A- Kan Fran 1st prefd'!'" M
S.Sf.J St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 60 U
9.4'*) r-t Louis Southwestern -gi 7
10.TC0 Ft Louis Southwestern prefd " Ejs*
C3.400 Pt Paul *"" 1-0.
100 St I^yl preM ,», "
St Pa*Jl & Omaha m
77.w:o Southern Pacific """ I--
46.3fO Southern Hallway '".', <»i£
14.4O<) Soujhern Railway prefd •••••• »W
7.W-0 Texas & Pacific '.'." 4n{?
203.700 rnlon Pacific Zi
14.r«oe Union Pacific prefd ' rt*
17.200 Wabash ,- v
44.SOO Wai>ash prefd ••¦•....... io^
16.700 Wheeling & Lake Erie .....'. Ji'
7l ;S J>: h< "* lln K & l-"ke Erie 2d prefd::" 3114
! 400 Wisconsin Ontral Tt
y<0 Third A%enue ', iii
2.200 lUltlmorc & Ohio '. l- v
16.300 National Tube Co .". «i,*
4,400 National Tube Co prefd.; .".'.'."" 'lot t 1
Express Comranies— ••-••• ¦*
Adams « r r
American Jj-.
United States ~J~ « |
Wells Fareo I *' -.i,
WiFcellaneous—
E.OOO American Cotton Oil ; ? n V
AmeHcan <^otton Oil prefd L01J
American Malting .'.'.'.'.'" 45.
I American Malting: prefd »j * ,
14.700 American Smelting & Refining.*.""* Jim
400 American Smelting & R»f prefd «w
American Pplrits "" i
American Spirits prefd -i
11.M0 American Steel Hoop ....' ,i
600 American Steel Hoop prefd.... -7
124. !lO American Steel & Wire...... «ja,
5.S00 American Steel & Wire prefd vttl
3.600 Anwrican Tin Plate
i 4.K'0 American Tin Plate prefd.... Si
20.700 American Tohacco ""li-»;
American Tobacco prefd ilo
vo Anaoonda Mining Co "mi
19.200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit -« *
13.600 Colorado Fuel & Iron......... "" ri\x.
22.200 Continental Tobacco .... ]'" li£
9.100 Continental Tobaccd prefd . " '," 2
12,100 Federal Steel |j
42.600 Federal Steel prefd mv
1.2C0 Oeneral "Electric ,m)
SCO. Glucose Sugar * iJiu.
100 Glucose Sugar prefd . 12 *
2.400 International Paper .r.'.I""* 21M
l.tOO Internatlontil Paper prefd •••••• *j.a
... Laelede G«t ••••••• 1
. $M National niscult- .". 3*41?
• 4f"0 National Biscuit prefd ' <nil
. 400 National Le»i»_.. ----••*••• ,12
Dried Fruit in A'ot 1 York:
Mail reports from »w Tork say: "'There
Is tra.de, but It fs almost exclusively in
small lots, and at low prices. The better Job
bing demand for prunes, already noted, con
tinues, and feme houses report a very fair
business. Prices for prunes vary widely. «c
rordinj: to Quality of fruit and feeling of the
bolder.
"California raisins are easy. There were ru
ncrF of pales of 1000 boxes of S-crown yester
day around l\c. but tliis could nnt be con
firmed. Ps> of BW) boxes of 4-crown ru re
ported also, but the price was not learned. It
was believed to b* a round 6Hc. Some little
demand is noted for California Sultanas and
seeded raisins. Trices for the latter are in
buyers' favor.
"Currants are quiet. Local stock rti In
creased Xry the arrival of £50 barrels from Rot
terdam. Dates are in some request and Fllghtly
Bnaer. Prime evaporated apple* are dull, with
quotations nominal. Fancy and choice are firm
¦ nd in some demand. Grenoble walnuts are
wanted, and some business Is reported In Va-
Jer.cias."
Conditions in Wall Street.
,The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"The nock market continues an enigma to the
average observer tnd eiiows an utter disregard
of all precedents. Activity haa been greatly
diminished and tome €florts were made to force
decline*, but with very limited success. At
the moment the public shows no disposition to
enlarge its purchases. The average outsider
hes made money during the last few months
and has either taken h'.t> profits and withdrawn
until lower prices or seme other inducements
tempt him to re-enter, or he is fo confident
of th» future that he is content to -wait and
take the chances of rtill larger profits. Since
railroad earnlr.es are larger and general busi
ness irihf and there p.re fewer weak ac
counts open to attack than usual there seems
to h» nothing In Fight to check the present
wave of optimism until the latter has spent
its force and begun to recede. When that
point will be reached i*. of course, beyond
human wisdom to determine. Just now the
outlook for a reaction is not very positive.
Prices M*m very high and good securities
scarce. Solid investments are rapidly settling
down to a SSS* per cent basis, and so Ion*
es money continues abundant we are not likely
to see any Important recessions, in the best
securities, u is the difficulty of finding Faf*
¦nd rrofhaMe employment for money that is
really underneath the present strength of the
market. Manipulation* and deals of various
torts are simply the levers by which prices
have been lifted. Th.?y could never have st
ttined the present high level but for the pro
longed period of cheap money, and until this
*jnderlyinR condition is changed we do not
look for any serious reaction in the stock mar
ket.
"Fcr the average outsider the market *t
present is a somewhat dangerous one; being
particularly dependent upon manipulations of
k»t is more complete than usual by reason of
»he deals they can mak* or break es their in
terests prompt. The industrials are an element
Of uncertainty, the *p>'«-u!ation in this quarter
being le*f legitimate, fl u«l while business con
tinues large in vnlume prices are declining and
the profits of 1900 are not likely to be repeated
In 1901. New competition is steadily increas
ing in the industrial* and the experiment of
putting: a lot of scattered establishments into
huge (ingle concerns has not by any means
proved a x>ermanent tu *<-esn.
"The money market continues easy and seems
likely to remain so. ur.til the April BHtlements
become a factor. Funds are plentiful and ship
ments of gold to Europe have started on a
Hbe.ral scale without causing any concern. The
fMtuatton In Kurope will be strengthened by
Thts movement, and once more New. York Is
rhowing Its ability t-j lend assistance to for
*i*cn money markets. Exports continue on a
large «?ale, while imports remain compara
tively stationary, and there are few signs of
Bttrope lc-Etenine her debt in the United
Fcalefc."
Weather Report.
nroth Meridian— PacIHc Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. February 6— S p. m.
The following; are the seasonal rainfalls to
<!ate, as compared with those of same date
lart season, and rainfalls In the last twenty-
MISCELLANEOUS.
<-ai Ft Can.... — i;$ p ae 1 p » ¦>
Cal Wine A... 100 _ p r nrt &"V* ~
Mer Ex AssnJoo - f£^&^Z
B <i _^ Iorc -'- n - Session.
JI^^K e a s s r r wco8s ™%
EO Giant Powder Con.. ~ ".I"""" |! TS
« G'ant Powder Con :. « on
120 Hana Plantation Co....... g 2J,-
J2iC^J^ 9 A . n * tle3 R >- 5 » »>onds.. ..¦:.v.::'ii2 5.1*
10 Oceanic Steamshlo Co m m
?2.COO S T & S J V bonds 130 M
4S California-street Railroad 135 po
«»,?2V aIlforn!a W|ne Association. 100 O
J10.C0O Hawaiian C A S Co 5s vu I!
S2.000 n p c r n ss bond 8 :::::::v.;:;;;l>, »
Afternoon Session.
Board— ¦
$10,000 Contra Costa Water bon<S« m <n
It) Giant Powder Con .*. BM
*0 Giant Powder Con „ ;» -5
15 Ulant Powder Con "" 54 «^,
5 Giant Powder Con „ 545^
10 Hana Plantation Co 51 r
140 Kllauea Suzar Plantation Co "• -,
25 Market-street Railway »r<.
115 Makawell 4 -> lV ,
25 Makawell. a 90 >•"
25 Oceanic Steamship Co io> nn
ZOO Paauhau S P Co 32 r - .
19 S F Gas & Electric Co 4$ tO
20 3 F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 4? CO
21 Spring Valley Water »l o>)
Street —
15. CCO Hawaiian C & S Co> 5a 13* a
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Board —
100 Bear Flae a*
100 Caribou »
6<V> Caribou i
100 Continental 1M
«C0 El Dorado * Jr.
3MO Four Oil Co '" s^J
IOO Four Oil Co. a 30 f«
200 Hanford-Frei -Kern River" '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 31
. 400 Independence n
104 Junction " * m
30 Kern Oil Co ' «cu
fcO Kern River 13 CO
| 1C0O Ltcn Oil Co ti
| 2<XiO McKttt.-fck Consolidated ll"ll"llll'\ ifl
I 100 McKittrlck Consolidated 11
S-fl Monarch of Arizona ss
SO Monarch of Arizona us
. 50 Monte Cristo. b 30 . j jd
ICO Occidental of West Virginia 72
10f> Occidental of West Virginia, s *>... 7H
10 Peerless g s;u
i^0 Petroleum Center 23
.".CO Petroleum Center, b 30 2»
inoo Petroleum Center 2*
4ST.0 Petroleum Center, b 50 24
SiOO Reed Crude Oil Co s*
50 Senator 2 jo
25 Senator 2 2.".
100 Sterling O & D Co. b 5 2 3»
2fO Superior 30
rOO Wolverine i «;ij
1C0 Wolverine I 60
Street-
SCO West Shore .¦ 4:0
Afternoon Session.
Board —
MOO Aetna. 41
600 California Oil & Gas in
2f.O El Dorado 2 OS
700 Four Oil Co (9
ICO Four Oil Co. a 30 I*
1150 Four OH Co » ¦
SCO Four Oil Co 57
400 Hantord-Fresno-Kern River 30
150 Home Oil 4 25
10) Home Oil 4 30
l«0 Lion Oil Co : 21
10O Monarch of Arizona .... S3
1S00 Petroleum Center 14
8SS Petroleum Center, b 30 !?
10T.Q Reed Crude Oil Co «"»
50 Twenty-eight 2 23
25 Twenty-eight 2 2"'~%
SCO Wolverine 1 «3
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. «— 2:39 p. m.
MINING STOCKS.
Th* following were th<» nales tn the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Mornlnjc Session.
5M Alpha Con .... 02! 850 Ophlr 75
IWCon Cal & Va.l Wl 100 Ophir "*
300 Mexican 2S! 100 Overman 15
200 Occidental «'
Afternoon Session.
lrtO Beat * Belcher 2<!f 100 Potosl M
CO Con Cal & Va.l 53 • 3fK> S*va*« 17
100 Mexican -W, lOOrtah ........... M
200 Ophlr 721 a*> Yellow Jacket. U
The following were the sales la the. Pactfle
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mnmlny Session.
200 Best A Belcher 27 300 Mexican M
200 Con Cal & Va.l 60 300 Ophlr "3
200 Con Cal & V.I 5"H 200 Overman IS
200 Con Cal & Va.l 55 500 Sierra Nevada. 13
300 Mexican 23
Afternoon Session.
$10 Alpha Con 02 400 Bent A Belcher Vt
170O Andes 09 200 Mexican 2?
M0 Belcher 17 300 Ophlr M
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Feb. «.— I P. to.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha •.. 02 03 7ustle« ' <* 0*
Alta 03 05 Kentuck «1 "3
Andea ." , C8 C9 Lady Wash ... — "3
Belcher 17 IS Mexican » H
H«t & Belcher 2« 27 r>cc1dental P* "7
Bullion 02 04t^phlr ?* "2
Caledonia «7 «3:L)verman ]* 15
C-nalleng* Con. 15 17 Potos! «* 10
C.Tiollar Jl 13iSa**ait» M '•
Confidence 70 r.'Scorplon — 04
Con Cal & Va.l K 1 «0.S*K Belcher.... 01 ¦ (tt
Con Imperial... — 01; Sierra Nevada. 17 It
Con New York. — 01 Silver HIM .... 43 4-1
Crown Point... 14 1* Pt Louis — f,.»
Eureka Con .. OS —'standard 4 20 4 *n
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — n»
Oonld & Curry 39 4rt I'nlon Con .... 23 r>
Hale & Norcrs 13 *) Ctah ........... 07 09
j u ji a .. 01 K5i Yellow Jacket. 13 1*
CALL CALENDAR.
.
February. 1301
A Ir.mp wick •with an incombustible tip
has-been patented In England."
CR«h quotations were as follows:
No. 3 spring wheat. C5@72c; No. 2 red. "ifp
76c: No. 2 corn, STUCfs'V-c: No. 2 yellow. 37V*
©37Hc: No. 2 oats? S5U»KHc: : No; 2 -white.
27u«?27?ic; No. 3 white. 27@27»ic; No. 2 rye,
M@5lc; good feeding barley. 42®48c; fair to
choice malting. 49®5Sc:'No. 1 flax seed, SI W^:
No. 1 Northwestern, $165V-: prime timothy
seed. $1 60: mess pork per barrel. $13 S0I&13 S5;
lard, per 100 r>oun1s $7 S7'A@7 43; short ribs
sides (loose), S6'85@7 10; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 6U@6Hc; short ciear sides (boxed).
$7 lo@7 25; whisky, basis of high wines, SI 27;
clover, contract grade. $11 25igU 40.
Articles — . . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels * 64.000 35.003
Wheat, bushels 44,000 85.000
Corn, bushels 232,050 . 105,000
Oats, bushels .S20.t»0 ~ 175.000
Rye. bushels .13.000 . 14.000
Barley, bushels 54,000 S5.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creamery. 14@21c: Dairy. 12
fil8c. Cheese, dull, 10'i@ll**c. Eggs, firm;
fresh. IS'^c. :- : •
Silzrr lozccr again. Nczu York Exchange very firm.
Wheat and Barley futures fractionally lower.
Other grams as before quoted.
Hay raiher steadier under decreased receipts. ; Bran still strong.
Beans dull, but z'cry firmly held.
Potatoes steadier under lighter receipts, Onions slightly firmer.
Southern Vegetables in light supply and firm.
Eggs still lozecr. Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Young Poultry very firm and old weak and hard to -move.
Game steady under lighter receipts.
Oranges in lighter supply, owing to heavy rains down south.
Bananas in lighter stock and steadier. No more Cranberries.
Prunes continue to improve slozvly in Nczu York.
Provisions rule firm at unchanged prices.
Oil stocks not as active, but steady.
Local stocks and bonds selling fairly.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver Is oft again. New York Exchange Is
very firm and some banks yesterday were sell
ing-higher, than the quotations below.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days - $4 So V,
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S9^i
Sterling Cables — * 30V*
New York Exchange, sight — l«Ms
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 22V£
Silver, per ounce — 61
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 @ 5i
IVJicat end Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets continued un
favorable. Liverpool reported .larger offerings
from private liquidation. The Argentine situ
ation continued bearish and & Rosarlo cable
said: "Holders weakening and supplied in
creasing." ¦ : " ;•»*'''.*¦
New York and Chicago were both weak, and
trading was small at the latter point. The
crowd was bearish and disposed to sell, but
toward the close more buying orders appeared
on the market. New York reported 2:0,000 bush
els taken for export thus far thin week, in
cluding 100,000 for Lisbon. Bradstreet's gave
an estimated decrease east of the Rockies of
1.064.000 bushels, and an increase of 2,iOO,000
bushels in Europe and afloat, making a total
increase of 1.61S.C0O bushels. "
The local market was weak, with a slight
decline on call. '
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 97Vsc; milling. S1®1 0a
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 6000
ctls. tl CGVi. May— 40OO. $102»i: 16,000. $102%.
Second Session— May— 6CC0 ctls, $1 02H- De
cember-4000, SI W%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2C0O ctls,
$1 C2%. December— 2000. tl C6T4.
Afternoon Session— May— 4000 ctls, -SI 02%: 40C0,
$1 03.
BARLEY— The market continues very dull
and prices Fhow little change, except a de
cline on call.
Feed, 75c for choice bright. 7214®73»ic for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77V4©S2V4c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls. 69Vic
Second Session— December — J00O ctls. 65$ic.
Regular Morning" Session — No sales.
Afternoon Seesion — No sales. ¦•
OATS— The situation remains as before
quoted.
White. SI 30®l 50: Surprise, nominal; Ited.
$1 25'<?1 40 for Feed and $1 S5@l 45 for Seed;
• Gray, nominal: Black, for Feed. $1 17>4g;i 20;
for Seed, $1 2501 30 per ctl.
CORN-DulI and nominal. Yellow. $1 12'iU!
1 15; White, SI 15; Eastern, mixed. $1 12ft per
ctl.
RYE— S5<3S7%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 S3 per ctl.
flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 2."<JI
3 SO, usual terms; Bakers* Extras, $3 1*>@3 25:
Oregon. V 75©2 S5 per barrel for family and
1 2 75® 3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', $2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, *3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 73; Rye
Meal. $2 JO; iTTce Klour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 73;
extra cream flo. $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 10: Horn
lt.y. S3 E0fi3 75; Buckwheat Flour. J4«4 2H:
Cracked Wheat. $3 50: Farina. S4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour, J3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6®
7 25; |n< sacks, S3 "o©7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, S5; Green Peas, $5 JO per ICO lbs.
Hay and Fccdstuffs.
Receipts of Hay fell off sharply and the
market was steady in consequence.' Bran con-
BRAN— S1S91S per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 5O@1S 50 per ton. ''V .:
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $15tfl7 per
U.n: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@25: jobbing.
f2« 50: Cocoanut Cake. J1701S; Corn Meal. S23
if?23 50; Cracked Corn, J25 5O@26; Mixed Feed.
$:5^fl6.
H AY — Volunteer. K@*: Wheat. SU^U:
Wheat and Oat, SD??12: Oat, JHfll 50: Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa. JSftD 50; Barley, $7 :0$ 9 50
per ton.
STRAW— 2S@47He per bale.
Bains and Seeds.
There Is nothing new. Beans are dull but
firm In anticipation of the coming Government
purchases.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 50£2 75; Small White.
$4 CC84 90; Large White. $lff4 23; Pink. $: 15®
2 3S; Red. S.1#3 50; Blackeye. $303 23; Lirnas.
J3 60ti5 70: Pea. cleaned up and nominal; Red
Kidney, J3 75(Ji4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 "0 i ff3: Canary, ZK®
3*;c for F.astern: Alfalfa. 'V,b@2\bc; Rape, 2®
2V»c: Hemp. 3H@3Sic: Timothy. 6V4c.
' DRIED PEAS— Niles. $202 50; Green. J2 70
4?3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions' and Vegetables.
The lighter arrivals of Potatoes are having
a beneficial effect on the market, as the feel
ing is reported steadier. Good Onions are
bringing a email advance.
Arrivals of Southern Vegetables are light,
owing to the rainy weather in that part of the
State, and some of them show the effects of
the wet. Prices are firm. *
POTATOES— Early Rose. C5S73C; Burbanks.
Co@5Cc for River. JKSl 25 per ctl for Salinas
and 50cJ?$l for Oregon; Garnet Chiles, frcm
Oretfon. 65<??85c; Sweets. $1@1 C5 for Merced.
ONIONS-si 60#2 -per ct | ; jfevadas, SI®:' 20;
Cut Onions. $1 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES- Rhubarb. G'ffSc: Asparagus,
from Sacramento, 15<g25c per lb; from Alaxneda
and Bouldln Islnnd, ; Green Peas. 5@Sc per
lb; String Beans. 12(ji ISc: Cabbase, 90c; Toma
toes. Los Angeles, 65c®J150.per crate; from
Mexico, S2 23<fi2 CO per crate; Egg Plant. Los
Angeles. 15(S20c prr lb: Green ¦ Peppers, Los
Angeles. laJilSc'per lb for Chile and 20c ' for
Bell; Dried Peppers. SSJllc; Dry Okra. 10<ai5c
per lb; Carrots, 25@£ic per box; Hothouse
Cucumbers, SI 25 per dozen: Summer Squash.
Jl JC(R2 per box; Garlic, 3<fi4c per lb; Marrow
fat Squash, ?12^20 per ton; Mushrooms. Z'u IJc
per lb. ¦
Poultry and Game.
Young Poultry of all kinds — ducks, geese,
roosters, broilers, etc.— continues very firm at
the good prices, while liens' and old roosters
are weak and hard to sell. The market Is still
overburdened with this .class of stock, both
Eastern and local. A car of frozen Eastern
young stock Is offering. Two cars Eastern
live i-tock came i". • • •
Receipts of Game were acain light, bplng
only 70 sacks, and the market was a satis
factory one tor sellers. •
POULTHV— Live Turkeys, lUjfllc for Gob
blers and 11(7130 for Hens; Dre.«*Pd Turkeys,
lOfilfcc: Geese, per pair. $1 50JJ2; Goslings.
$; iO(<J3: Ducks. J3 E0<f»4 5>i for old - and tt'&T SO
for young: Hens, $3 oOifH 50: Younsr KooFters.
J.ifffo'fO: Old Roosters. $3 ZOfti; Fryers. $3#6:
Broilers, ?5<fJ5 &0 for large and 53<@4 for
finall; Pigeons. $101 23 per dozen for old and
$2 S0(S2 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. II 2j for Valley. and $2 23C2 50
for Mountain; Mallard, $3®-*: Canvasback, $l 50
©3 50; Sprig, »2«2 60; Teal, $1 254*1 50; Wid
geon. SI 25(&1 CO; Small Duck. Sim 23; Black
Jack. $1 25(51 CO: Gray Geese, %2; White Oeose,
{•101 30; Brant. St 601; 1 75 for small and $2»52 23
for large: Honkers, - $3«4 50: English Snipe,
$2 EO«73; Jack Snipe, $1 255J1 £0; Hare. $l«il 25;
nabblte. $1 25&1 50 for Cottontail and Jl for
Brush; Doves, 75c por dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of Eggs continue to Increase. . as
usual nt this time of the year, and prices are
again lower.
Arrivals of Cheese are also larger and the
market 13 weak/though prices show no de
cline. . •
Butter etands exactly as before, fine grades
being firm and the lower grades weak and dull
Receipts, as reported by the Dairv Ex
change, were 37.900 pound? Batter, 1112 cases
Eggs and 17.4S4 pounds Cheese.- ¦"«„¦•.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras. 21c; firsts, 13c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras.' 15c; firsts.. 15c; seconds, I4o :
store, IIcj .
, .Storage— Creamery extras, ; firsts -•
seconds, ; dairy extras, -. ' '
Pickle. per pound. %'.:.'-
Keg; per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, lie; choice
9V4c; common, nominal: Young Americas llHc"
Eastern, full cream. .15® 16Vic per lb '¦
EGGS—
California Ranch— Serected white, 21c-. mixed
colors. '20c per dozen.
California gathered— Selected, 20c; standard
. — •; seconds, .
- Fresh Eastern — Fancy, ; . standard,
seconds, .¦'..:.
; Storage— California fancy, - — ; standard,
Eastern fancy, ; standard, ; seconds)
Deciduous and Citrus • Fruits.
¦ Only two cars of Oranges, were offered at the
auction, as the heavy rains -down south are
Mnderlng. picking and shipping. '..The sales
....... Xational Lead prefd S9
o2,EOO National Steel 4514
• 3,600 National Steel prefd 931*
20) New York Air Brake 160
2.0C0 North American 2<H4
Pacific Coast 54
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 87
Pacific Coant 2d prefd 63
sno Pacific Mall 44
E.COO People's Oas ; lOWi
¦ 1.100 Pressed Pteel Car 3!>H
400 Pressed Steel Car prefd 76'^
200 Pullman Palace Car ."....199
;«!0 Standard Rope & Twine 8%
13,(1-30 Sugar 137
100 Sugar prefd 119 •
13.200 Tennessee Coa.1 & Iron 66*i
6,4f>0 t'nited Ptates leather 13V
1,000 I'nited States leather prefd '.. 75>^
:C0 United States Rubber 19?i
WO United States Rubber prefd 60 .
15/100 Western Union S3*;
4.310 Amalgamated Copper H>Vj
S.600 Republic Iron & Steel Co 36»»
2,9i0 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 16%
PCC4 St Louts 69
1.S04.2C0 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
L* S 2s ref reg ;1OS¥ Sf Y Central lsts..lP7
' Do coup 105V; f J Cent gen 5s...l2<!'i
Do 3s reg 110» Northern Pa Ss.... Tl»i
Do Ss coup 1MV Do 4s 1 lns'i
Do new 4h reg...l37<i V Y C & St L 4s.. 109
Do new 4s coup-.H" 1^ Vorf & con 4s..l01Vi
Do old 4»«reg ll<tv. Oregon Nav lsts..lO9
Do old 4s coup..llS',4 Do 4s 103^
Do 5s reg 110V; Oregon S H 6s 127 •
Do 5s coup llOVi Do con 6s IIS'4
Die of Col 3.65s. ...123 Reading Gen 4s.... 95'i
Atchison gen 4S...103H R O West lsts 100
Do a«J 45 PXV5, St L & I M con r.s.116
Canada South 2s.. 110 ?t L & S V gen 6s.l29
Ches & O 44s 107*4 5t Paul cons 1S4
Do Ss 120 St P C & Pa lsts..ll"?H
C &-N*w con 4s 13!Hi Do fs 120'.,
Do S F Deb 5a.. .121 Southern Pa 4s 91
Phlcagft Ter 4s 96 Southern Ry 6s 116
Colo Southern* 4s.. S4*; Stand R & T 63... 63
H & R G 4s HV5U Texas & Pa lsts... 116*;
ICrle Oeneral '4s MU Do 2df> 96
F W A D C Xsts... SI LTnion Pa 4s 106»i,
General Elec T.S...1C0 Wabasli lsts 11«4
Towa Central lsts. 115 Do Ids 110
L & N unified 4s. .101^ SVest Shore 4a 114
M K & T 2ds 791,4 Wis Central 4s S9
Do 4s 977«IVirg Centuries 96
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 14
Alice 45 Ontario G 23
Breece 2 00 Ophir 70
Brunswick Con 39 Phoenix : 09
romstock Tunnel... 04 I Potosl 08
Ton Cal & Va 1 45 j Savage 12
Peadwood Terra.... 50ISIerra Nevade 14
Horn Silver ..1 10!Small Hope 65
Iron Silver '65! Standard 4 17
Leadville Con 061
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . Union Pacific 93 7 £
rail loans 3f4 Union Land 24
rime loans 3g4 vVest End 83*i
Stocks— CVestinghouee Elec 55
A. T & S F 64»i Bonds-
Do prefd &s£ Mchison 4s 102
American Sugar.. .137'i N'E Gas & Coke Ss 63
Do prefd 119 Mining Shares-
Bell Telephone lfi3H Adventure 10
Boston & Albany. 254 Bingham lS*i
Boston Elevated ..16) Amal Copper 90'i
Boston & Maine... 194 Atlantic 26»i
Z B & Q 147Vi Boston & Mant....31»
Dominion Coal .... 37 Butte & Boston ... SO
Do prefd 103 ICalumet & Hecla.S52
Federal Steel 54 jl'entennial 22%
Do prefd mi Franklin IS
Fitchburs prefd... 141»i jflumboldt 25
Seneral Klectrie. .. 191Vn Osceola S3
Do prefd.'.... 159 Parrot 43
Ed Elect 111 230 jQuincy :....16"i
Mexican Central . 16'i Santa Fe Copper.. 6
¦ N E Has & Coke.. 13 Tamarack S32
Did Colony 208 ITtah Mining 32!4
Itld Dominion .... 31»; Winona 6
Rubber 19*4.; Wolverines 49?«
— — — — ~ •*
London Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
All business In the stock market here to-day
centered In An#rtcans, which were buoyant
and brisk throughout the session. Denver and
Rio Grande issues took the lead on two larg«
orders, the source of which could not be
traced, but the stock kept to the front and
held that position strongly all day. There was
some- talk of the line deriving benefits from
the Sou* hern-Union Pacific deal. New York
Bent early orders and was a stronger buyer,
especially In the bonds of the Wabash com
pany, about which there was some vague talk
of pendlnjr consoMdation. . Berlin continued to I
buy Canadian Pacific shares, although it is
not yet expected that the dividend will be in
creased. Union Pacific stocks seemed inclined
to go higher. The money market was about
steady, call loan rates remaining 3 p«r cent.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Feb. 6.— Atchison, t,Vi,; Canadian
Pacific, 91; Union Pacific preferred, S7!i:
Northern Pacific preferred. S3 l ic; Grand !
Trunk. 7V»: Anaconda. 8T». Bar silver, uncer- !
tain, 28 l-16d per ounce. Money, Z@Z\i- per
cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— Close: Money on call,
ralher easier at 2Q'3 per cent; last loan, 2 per
cent. Prime mercantile paper, 3«?4 per cent.
Sterling exchange, easier, with actual business
in bankers' bills at' $4 SSiff4 SS'Ji for demand
and at $4 S4%®4 84^4 for sixty days. Posted
rates. $4 SO4?4 Sj',j and (4 83. Commercial tills.
$4 S4®1 S4'i. Silver certificates. 61H@6Xc. Bar
Bllver, 61c. Mexican dollars. 47Hc. Bonds-
Government, weak; State, Inactive; railroad,
strong. i
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 6.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150. 000.009 gold reserve, shows-
Available cash balance, 1141,218,211; gold
SUMMARY 'OF THE MARKETS.
this country for the best part of its Imported
wheat, and that the lifelessness of Continental
markets could be removed by encouragement
from this side. As if in confirmation of these
assertions exporters at the decline began re
porting foreign engagements which before the
end of the session aggregated ninety-six loads.
Shorts, already nervous, betook themselves to
protect their operations made earlier and May
rallied to 74T4c, closing firm and unchanged at
that figure.
Corn enjoyed moderate activity within a nar
row range of pricee. May closed &c lower at
3S%c. • >
Oats were - quiet but firm. May closed He
lower at 25">ic. ¦ •
Business in the provisions pit was dull and
the atmosphere of the market heavy until Just
before the close, when prices rallied on a few
buying orders. ; May pork closed 2V4c higher,
lard a. shade up and ribs 2 l .i@5c Improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
WHEAT— Firm: No. 1 California, 6s 3W.
No. 2 red Western winter, 6s »id; No. 1 North
ern spring, 6s. 4d. Futures — Easy; March, 5s
ll»id: May. 6s Hd.
CORN— Spot, quiet: American mixed, new.
3s lOd; do old, 3s HVid. Futures— Easy; Feb
ruary, 3s 9}id; "March, 3s 9!4d; May, 3s S\Ld.
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm: French coun
try markets,.-. quiet ;but.. steady; weather In
England, cloudy. ¦ , '
COTTON— Uplands. 5 13-3:d.
CLOSING. ¦'¦ J ¦?¦"¦
were at $1 4301 60 for choice Navels and 93c©
}1 Co for standard do.
Supplies of Oranges are expected to decrease
somewhat during the next few days, owing to
tlft reason given above.
Bananas are firmer, as* supplies are not as
large as they have been.
Cranberries are off the market.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
¦APPLES — 35©63c per box for common. 73c®
tl 50 for good to choice and II "5Q2 for fancy.
PEARS-65C5S1 B0 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS^Navel Oranges. $1^2: Seed
ling* 60c@Jl; Tangerines. 75c©$l 50; Mandarins.
75c«il" Lemons. 2i for common and tl SO
&" for good to choice: Grape Fruit. S1Q2: Mex
ican Limes. S&S5 50; California Limes. 23ig50c;
Pananas, 7^ca$l 73 per bunch; Pineapples. 73c
g|2 per dozen. * '
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The Improvement In the demand for Prunes
at New York continues, as will be seen In the
first column, and it may be the awakening of
this fruit from its unprecedented and abnormal
dullness.
Provisions.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras. 4 sizes. 3c:
S0-40s 7c; 40-30s. 614c: 50-608. 4Uc: 60- 70s. 3\c.
70-SOs. "SUe: SO-90S. .3y t c: 90-100s. ?«,ic; 10O-12Os.
IVic- rubies. %c premium; - Sonoma*. He and
San Joaqulns, %C less than Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same. Apri
cots frffSe for Royals and 10<ai(Hic for Moor
parks- Kvaporated Apples. 4'&3'-ic: sun-dried.
1" i02%e: Peaches. 3«?4c for standard. 3>6&5c for
choice and M4#E4c for fancy; Tear*. 2@7c;
Plums, pitted. iQVnt: unpitted. l'SlHc; Nec
tarines. 5€5Up for red and 5»i?i6c for white.
R-MSINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has* established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12e per lb; choice, lie:
standard, 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
sons 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10%c per
lb: choice, 9%c: standard, S*4c; prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes.
giAc- 4-crown. 7c: 3-crown. 6Hc; J-crown, Be.
Facifio brand. -2-crown. 5c; 3-crown. 5%c. and
4-crown S'ic; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy,
16-ounce. 7c; 12-ounce. l\*c; 15-ounce,
6*ic; 12-ounce. 5',«c: London " Layers, 2 -crown.
Jl 50 r«-r box: 3-crown. Jl 60: Fancy Clusters,
J2; Dchera. J2 £0: Imperial. J3. All prices t. o.
b at common shipping points In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, StflOc per lb for Italian;
Walnuts. No. 1. softshell. 10c; No. 2. "fac: No.
1 hardshell. 9<ic: No. 2. 7<# Almonds, 12gl3c
for papershell. 9011c for softshell: Peanut9, 5
@6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts.
13c: Pecans, ll<^13c: Coccanuts. 13 i, r "nC..
HONEY— Comb, ISVj^HHc for bright and 12^4
<E?13c for light amber; water white extracted,
T^ifiSc; light amber extracted, 6^97c; dark,
6/rrr.u.r per lb.
BEKSWAX— 24@2Sc per lb.
.There Is noting new In the situation, th»
market continuing firm.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. llSll^c per lb for
heavy, IlH©12e for light medium, VZMQXSc for
.light. 13fe014c for extra light and lSQISUc for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12c;
Mess Deef. $12 per* barrel; extra Mess. J13;
Family, $M: extra prime Pork. $15(315 50; extra
clear. S19 60®2O; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef. 13c
per pound.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6H®<!*4c P' r lb for
compound and 3»ic for pure; half-barrels, pure.
9Hc; 10-lb tins, lCc; 5-lb tins. 10>»c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels, £c; one tierce 7" 8 c; two tlercea,
7%e; five tie-ces, 7?*c per lb.
Hides, Ta/lozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
?U«lCc: medium. 3c; light. StT?Hc: Cow Hides.
S'ic for heavy and 8@SV4c for light; Stags. 6®
C'ic; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 9310c; Salted
Calf. 10c: Dry Hides. ISc; Culls. 14c: dry Kip.
.13816c; Dry Calf.' l&t?l?c; culla and brands.
14® 15c: Eheepsfeina, shearlings. 20ff30c each:
short Wool, SOU-SOc each; medium. 60375c; long
Wool. 73c£U each; Horse Hides, salt. J2 5C-3
2 73 for large and J2<32 23 for medium. SI 25 for
small and EOa for colts; Horse Hides, dry. 1Y 73
for large. Jl SO fcr medium. $1 23 for small and
E^c for colts. D^erykins— Rummer or red skin*.
3">c; fall or medium .skins. 30c;. winter or thin
skins, 20c. Gcatsk'ins— Prime Angoras. 73c;
large ami smooth. iOc; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4'it?4?ic per lb:
Xo. 2. 4'34< l ic: screa«e. 2W2K-C.
WOOL— Spring Clip is" quotable as follows:
Northern, free. 13??16c; Northern, defective. 12®
14c: Middle Count v. free. I501fe; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 124814c: Southern Mountain. 12
months". Sfflfic; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months'. 11 012c : Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months'. 9«llc: HumholtH and Mendoclr.o, 18
<gl7c: Nevada, 13*3260 per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. Gty@Sc: do lambs. S®
9c: Middle. County. 9010c; Northern Mountain,
free. ICffnie; Southern Mountain. 7^i®SHc;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. llg-llc per lb.
HOPS— 13Q 16c per lb; from second hands 163
2Cc are the asking prices.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF-7©?c for Steers and 6#7tfc per lb
for Cows.
VEAIy- Large. T'QSc; small. 9c per lb.
Mt'TTOX— Wethers, 9U.<ai0c; Ewes. 9f?3Hc
per lh.'
LAMB— lCfillc per 1b: spring. I2^c per lb.
¦PORK— Live Heirs. 6«6\»c for small and ftO
t%e for medium and J«ifl5 7 ic for large; stock
How. 523Uc: feeders. VAS&AC, dressed Hogs.
"HS9c
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bass. $3 83; Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. 6Vic: local make.
6?ic; Wool Bags. 30@32Hc: Fleece Twine, 714c.
COAL— Wellington, J3 per ton; Southfleld
"Wellington. $?: Seattle. J7; Bryant. $7: 'Coos
Bay, 13 50: Wallsend. $9: Co-operative Walls
end. $D; Cumberland. J12 In bulk and «3 25 in
sack?: Pennsylvania Anthracite EgK, J14:"Can
nel. J10 per -ton; Coke. J15 per ton In bulk and
$18 in racks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. J3 45
per 20C& lbs and $S 50 per ton. according to
brand.
SUGAR — The Western fugrar Refining- Com
pany quotes, per 1b, In 100-lb bass:
Crushed. 6.23c; Powdered. o.Soc; Candy Gran
rlated. 5.S3c: Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.7-c; Magnolia A. 5.35c; Extra C.
5.2."»e: Golden C. 3.13c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25o more; boxes, 50c more: 50-lb ba^s.
10c more. Xo orders taken for less than 73
barrels or its equivalent. Pomlnos, half-bar
rels, 6.30c; boxes. 6.73c per 1b.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 8.
Flour.' qV sks.... 22.333 1 Straw, tons 1?
Wheat. ctl3 910|nran. sks 1,415
Barley, ctls 9.703' Hides. Xo 852
Rye. ctls 66fl;Pelts, hdls 3.0CO
Fotatoes. sks.... 2.920 IQulcksilver. flks. 41
Brans, sks 676! leather, rolls .. 130
Middlings, sks... .223,' Sugar, ctls 1.345
Onions, -sks ...- SO; Wine, pals C9.000
Hay. tons 100'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1901.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
Nezc York Grain and Produce.
STOCK MARKET.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
Articles— Open. High.
Wheat No. 2-
Febrtiary 72*4 72"&
March , 731, 73%
May y 73^ j 74ft
Corn No. 2—
February ; 37 37
March ;..... 37>4 37>4
M «y •••• 30U 33W
Oats Xo. 3— :
February ?{K 24H
May 25»i •. 25>s
Mess Pork, per barrel-
February ..."
May 35 1100
l^ard. per 100 pounds-
February .... v
March 7 491' j 4314
May 7 45 7 50
. Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
February
May 6 93 7 O2 1 4
Low. Close.
. 72i; 72S
72% T3>Hi
74»» 74Ti
38^4 36?i
37H 37V»
3SV» 3S?,.
:4«i 2j»4
25'i C5U
13 SO
13 90 14 03
....' 7 40
7 « 7 5)
6 3<)
6 93 7 02'4
STOCKS. ft I Bid. | A»ked.
American rue! & Oil Co W —
California Standard V S3
Caribou SO S3
Kl Dorado * 05 « 10
Four 65 57
Hanford — 122 00
Home 4 30 4 3S
Homestake — 19 .">)
Independence 13 20
Kern Tl 25 12 00
Kern River 17 60 18 5rt
Lion Oil Co 23 24
1.03 Aneeles O & T Co 3 5i> — "
McKittrlck Consolidated 10 13
Aetna 40 41
Bear Flagr — -47
Klack Jaclc 123 —
Pitisburs 40 50
Superior i 29 3>>
Monte Cristo 2 40 2 50
Occldrrta! of West Virginia... 70 72
OU CUT Petroleum 34 00 33 on -
Petroleum Center 23 24
Re?d Ciude • 68 *»
Rex 65 75
Pan Franciscrt A McKlttrlclc..: lit 2 CO
Han Joaquin O & D Co 13 CO 13 37 Vi
Sunset OrlKtnal :... 20 —
Twenty-«lRht 2 20 2 23
V.'estlake 23 :4
Westshcre — 4 75
Yukon R3 52
Oalifornla Oil & Gas 1 SO . —
Continental — 1 <*>
Junction 87 89
Peerless S 50 ? *>
Senator 2 00 2 zs
Thirty-three Oil 13 50 13 50
¦
statio:
XS.
| Last | This I
24 Hours Season.
I I^ast
Season
-1 1 _l
I
Eureka ,
R"d Bluff ....
=a/ramento ,
>an Francl^c
Fresno ,
UuiR Ob
-an Pifgo ..
co
.......
31FPO....
O.r-0 1T.S7
0.00 13.32 i
.. Trace 14.24 i
.. o.sr 8.« ;
0.14 4. S3 I
P. 40 55. M !
.. f.SS 12.47 i
.1 0.31 I 6.3! i
I 33.13
1I.»
' 13.69
; 14.57
I 6.15
I 2.0J
i 12.50
I 4.57
¦
statio:
XS.
| Last | This I
24 Hours Season.
I I^ast
Season
-1 1 _l
I
Eureka ,
R"d Bluff ....
=a/ramento ,
>an Francl^c
Fresno ,
UuiR Ob
-an Pifgo ..
co
.......
31FPO....
O.r-0 1T.S7
0.00 13.32 i
.. Trace 14.24 i
.. o.sr 8.« ;
0.14 4. S3 I
P. 40 55. M !
.. f.SS 12.47 i
.1 0.31 I 6.3! i
I 33.13
1I.»
' 13.69
; 14.57
I 6.15
I 2.0J
i 12.50
I 4.57
STOCKS. ft I Bid. | A»ked.
American rue! & Oil Co W —
California Standard V S3
Caribou SO S3
Kl Dorado * 05 « 10
Four 65 57
Hanford — 122 00
Home 4 30 4 3S
Homestake — 19 .">)
Independence 13 20
Kern Tl 25 12 00
Kern River 17 60 18 5rt
Lion Oil Co 23 24
1.03 Aneeles O & T Co 3 5i> — "
McKittrlck Consolidated 10 13
Aetna 40 41
Bear Flagr — -47
Klack Jaclc 123 —
Pitisburs 40 50
Superior i 29 3>>
Monte Cristo 2 40 2 50
Occldrrta! of West Virginia... 70 72
OU CUT Petroleum 34 00 33 on -
Petroleum Center 23 24
Re?d Ciude • 68 *»
Rex 65 75
Pan Franciscrt A McKlttrlclc..: lit 2 CO
Han Joaquin O & D Co 13 CO 13 37 Vi
Sunset OrlKtnal :... 20 —
Twenty-«lRht 2 20 2 23
V.'estlake 23 :4
Westshcre — 4 75
Yukon R3 52
Oalifornla Oil & Gas 1 SO . —
Continental — 1 <*>
Junction 87 89
Peerless S 50 ? *>
Senator 2 00 2 zs
Thirty-three Oil 13 50 13 50
AUCTION SALES
POSTPONED!
£a fes fe
Th.» mamraoth auction aala of German Gov-
ernment' a
400 Horses and Mares and 175 Mules
has been postponed on account of weather to
MONDAY, February 11.
Watch this column for further particulars.
WM. O. liATNG. Auctioneer
Occidental Hora« Exchange.
721 Howard it.
SPECIAL AUCTION SAlif
AT £»
COR. EI8HTEENTH AND FLORIDA STS,,
SATUBDAT. February 9. at it a, m .
By Order of W, E. mil*
V,> will sell 3t> IIEAt> OF HORSES ' b*>v n «m«
to r>nnisson Contractinu Company, rarir'nl in
weight from 1200 to I43u pounds, tnm i fo 3
years uld. These hors^ must he sold, wVhout
limit or «a-r^. and can be seen any ttrn- be-
fore sale at the above place.
SULLIVAN & POTLB. Auctioneers
Offlce 327 Sixth it.FAN* JOSE. Feb. f.-Ind!caUons of a
very rich cuicksiiver rrir.e have been un
earthed by the Filvr «'reek Mining Com
pany In the f no* hi!!* three miles east of
Ever<:r**>n. Cinnabar float has been found
In abundance, and one tunnel is now fol-
Irwinc a !«*dsr» f<-*!irt'»<*n 5r.eh«»* thick.
Strike of Quicksilver.
VICTORIA. B. C, Feb. 6.— The steamer
Tees, from the north, brought news of a
very rich find in the Atlin district, near
Discovery, on Pine Creek. Fritz Miller
found gravel going $3 DO to the shovel on
bedrock. Prospectors In the Stewart Riv
er 'country are no longer confining them
selves to Clear Creek diggings, but they
are now pushing over the divides to
Twenty Mile Creek and even farther,
where rich strikes have been made. Thou
sands of acres of Yukon hydraulic con
cessions have been thrown open for placer
entry.
Gold Stride in Atlin.
WOODLAND. Fob. 6.-The Board of
City Trustees last night adopted rigid
measures of retrenchment, as a result of
which there are pfae vacant appointive
offices In this city and several other of
ficers are working for reduced wages. In
stead of two night watchnvn, there will
be only one. The City Hall janitor lost
his job. as did the assistant engineer at
the city water works. The salaries of
night watchman. Superintendent of
streets, sewer and water works were cut
ten dollars per month and part of the elec
tric lights In the city were ordered dis
continued; all of which was deemed neces
sary by the board In order that contingent
expenses be met at the proper time.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 6.— Chief of Police
Sullivan this afternoon received jy. tele
gram from District Attorney George
Cummings of Harrison. Michigan, re
questing him to hold Henry Green and
stating that Green would be (sent for and
brought back to Michigan for trial for
murder. Green walked into the Sacra
mento police station at a late hour on
Christmas night, and saying that his con
science was torturing him, confessed to
the robbery and murder of Owen Feeney
a lumberman, in Claire County, Michigan
twenty-five years ago. He has subse
quently recanted his confession hut the
Michigan officials evidently believe' thev
can prove him guilty of the murder of
I- eeney, and will put him on trial.
Retrenchment in Woodland.
Green to Be Extradited.
The annual convention and election of
oncers of Golden Gate Christian Kn
dr-avor r*nlon will take p!ac« ih!s evening
In Plymouth Congregational ChurctoJ Post
street, between Buchanan and "Webster.
The Ftate president; Mr. Warren, will be
present and will deliver an address.
Christian Endeavor Con-cention.
Senator Iiarela's object in introducing
the repolution was. as hp expressed It, to
atone for the action of the Victor mob In
assaulting Roosevelt during the campaign
last fall. He paid that Colorado could
phow her disapproval of mob rule in no
more fitting way than by extending of
ficial courtesies to Mr. Roosevelt. Senator
John A. Rush of Denver opposed the reso
lution in a violent speech. He declared
that Governor Roosevelt had come to
Colorado to "flaunt himself jn the. face of
his defeated political opponents." that he
had been killing game in violation of the
laws and that the Senate would be "stul
tifying Itself by Inviting him to address
It. "I object." he said, "to the Demo
cratic party bowing In apology for any
thing that occurred at Victor. I do not
believe In this body creating a Daniel and
thrusting him in a Routt County lion's
den, possibly to be devoured, while hunt
ing for tnis flamboyant Roosevelt."
The Senate was In an uproar in a mo
ment, cries of "Shame." greeting Rush
from all sides. After the noise had sub
sided the resolution was adopted, 25 to 4.
and Senator Farwcll (R.) was chosen the
official mossengcr.
DENVER. Feb. 6.-A resolution intro
rfur^d In the Sena£e to-day by Barela
<D.). providing that a messenger be sent
'o tho hunting grounds of Routt County
to carry an invitation to Vice President
elect Roosevelt to address the Legislature
was the occasion of a bitter personal at
tack on the distinguished nimrod, al
though it finally was adopted.
?p"-ial Pispatfh to The r a ll.
Rush Creates an Uproar in
the Senate of Colo
rado.
BITTER ATTACK
ON ROOSEVELT
SONOMA. Feb. 6.— The body of a young
man was found this afternoon In a barn
on the Filippini ranch, six miles east of
Sonoma.. A piece of rope was about the
neck" and the corresponding piece dangling
from a beam above told the story of his
death. He evidently had hanged himself
about ten days ago and ; the rope had
parted from the weight of the body.' The
suicide was well dressed and had a watch
and other valuable^ In the pockets of hi*
clothes. There Is no clew to his identity.
Body of an Unknown Suicide Found
in a Barn on ". a ' Sonoma
-r'lz '¦'¦'—.¦ Ranch. - - • —
ENDS LIFE BY HANGING
HIMSELF TO A RAFTER
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 5.— C. J. Stenzel
was to-day, held to answer for having ob
tained goods by false pretenses from J.
Dalporte, a bean grower in the Sacra
mento River district. It developed during
the examination that Stenzel visited Dal
porte at his ranch, and representing him
self as the agent of Crane & Co., a San
Francisco commission firm, induced Dal
porte to deliver to him his crop of beans
valued at upward of $2000. Stenzel shipped
the beans to San Francisco, sold them
and it is supposed "blew In" the proceeds
on the races.
Stenzel was regarded locally as some
thing of a protege of "Boss" Martin Kel
ly of San Francisco, and the latter was
present at his arraignment. Stenzel one©
backed James J. Corbett, the pugilist.- He
will have to stand trial before a Sacra
mento Jury for defrauding - Dalporte.
STENZEIi IS HEI/D FOR
H? AN ALLEGED SWINDLE
Former Backer of Corhett Accused of
Having Defrauded a .
Farmer.
Standard Oil Company's New Vessel
Is Obliged to Return to '
New York.
NEW YORK, Feb. 6.— Mutiny on the
high peas among the crew of the Astral
caused that four-masted steel sailing ship
to turn about In the face of a southeast
pale Sunday night and return to port
While she lay at anchor outside Sandy
Hook bar to-day, warrants were Issued
for the arrest of her crev.
Laden with 1,400,000 gallons of oil des
tined for Shanghai. China, the Astral was
the first of the Standard Oil Company's
new fleet of sailing vessels to fly tho
American flag. Under Captain Dunham
whs a crew of twenty-three men who
shipped as able seamen. There were also
three American apprentice boys.
There were rumors to-day that there
was a show of violence on the Astral be
fore an understanding was reached be
tween the officers and men. The state
ment is made by officials that Captain
Dunham and his mates found that only
eight of the men had knowledge of the
first principles of seamanship.
Directors Authorize the Issue of Five
Million Dollars* Worth of Mort
gage Bonds.
NEW YORK. Feb. «.— Xo action was
taken on the question of dividend on com
mon stock by the board of directors of
the Atchlson, Topeka and Santa Fe Rail
way Company to-day and none was ex
pected, as It was pretty generally under
stood that that matter would be deferred
until the June meeting of the company.
After the meeting It was stated that
only routine business had been transacted,
hut It was ascertained from • thoroughly
reliable sources that among these routine
matters was the authorization by the di
rectors of a further insue of $5.0O0.O0O pen
f>ral mortgage 4 per cent bonds. For what
purpose these bonds are to be Issued could
not be ascertained, ar, no direct statement
concerning them was obtainable. .
Under the terms of the general mort
gage of the Atchison road, general mort
gage bonds can only be issued at the rat<3
<>f J3.0flQ.0Q0 in any one year for new con
struction and betterments and aodition'il
rolling stock, of which not more than
JTaft.Oiwj shall be for extension; and undpr
tho original reorganization plan $30,000,000
of bonds were reserved for these pur
poses. : ¦-: ..¦¦¦'¦¦¦
IJonds were reserved to the total aggre
gate for aJl purposes of $68,50<>,onr), of
which the principal sums were $l5,500,O i 'W
for the acquisition and redemption of
puarantee fund notes, car trusts, obliga
tions and equipment bonds, $20,000,000 for
the acquisition and improvement of other
roads and $30.nno,000. »*• already stated, for
construction, betterments and additional
rolllns stock.
MUTINY ABOARD
THE SHIP ASTRAL
SANTA FE DEFERS
ACTION ON DIVIDEND
I man> rieht to Iab«r a* he may see. fit: that'
the may as well Insist that In work <1one
frr t*ie right hour?" labor only shall he
receivnJ from each laborer, as that materials
or workmanship of a certain quality only shall
h<" nroeptert.
For my part I am unable tn detect any flaw
!n the r?asonlr^ "f the New York and Kansas
cobrts. 1 can Fee nu valid reanon why. if the j
State deeir.s that better work will he don* hy i
men nrrkintr n>->t more than etcht hours each
day. or that a wise public policy requires that '
It ftlFtnbute the wor'c to be ilcne amonc a
(treater number of men. it may n«>t effect these.
object* hy requiring as a condition In all con
tracts that no man he allowed to work more
than eieht hours each aay. r?ut unfortunately
for the contention of ihe counsel for the de
f^ndrint the- Pupreme ''ourt of this State, as
tvas ver>- frankly a»imtttp*i. has taken a con
trary view of an ordinance nf the city of Ix>s '
Angelei In no wise distmculshahle in principle
frrm the law un.ler consideration.
The court then cites the decision of the
Stnte Supreme <*ourt holding that a Los
Angeles city ordinance, identical with the
Prate eipht-hour law, is unconstitutional.
He resumes:
«f a city void an lnfrincinp upon th« rights
guaranteed hy the constitution would renier a
law of the State void. As a nisi rrius .Tudg»j
I am oblige^ to follow the law as expounded
ry the Supreme Court of thff> State, for which
consideration is Invalid and Void. Therefore
the demurrer to defendant's answer must be
J-ustained.
Attorney McElroy raid: "We will at
once take an appeal to the Supreme Court.
That body has already decided apalnst
the statute, once, but we want a decision
which will definitely settle the question.
If this law H-tiseless we want to know it
Jn time to get a better one before tho
Legislature at this session."
' SUPERIOR JUDGE L. P. HALL.
WHO DECIDED AGAINST THE
EIGHT-HOUR LAW.
?•We became er.Kasred and I came here
t*> marry her. Everything- was ready.
b'U flip wanted me to tell her how tnany
cMckeng. coirs, orann tir-es and straw
brrry plants I had. It was too much. I
rcfuse<l and *he said ft wsia all off."
They were to have been married to-night
hy Rev. Camden M. Cohern. pastor of
Trinity church. Th« jrirl Is tho daughter
of a wc'.l-t^i-do machinist.
DENVER. F'h. 6.-Afte r travelirc all
the way fmm Or»ne". <"h!.. to Denver to
•n • d Mi!=<! K. I>uci!le M«*Kee. who had won
his heart, William J. Wickersham. a fruit
ftowfr. was Jittrd because ho would not
{rive th«> pfrl an inventory of bis farm.
Mi« "cKw's tr f| usprau was complete
»n<1 th»» weddlr.K wa-« sot for to-nifcht. but
this afternoon she told the farmer "nay"
and thf> '!i<!''on?olate man departed for
Ojlif'TTiJa. *"It will take me a yar to
make up the expense of this trip," paid
Wickersham before he departed. "I had
an idea I .was a fncl for banking on an
uncertainty and now I know it. I used to
be a t father in Minnesota. I went
to California and taught there until I
rarr.M enough money to buy a little farm
n«>ar Orar.pe. Two year? ago my wife
flt*d snd lately I corresponded with Miss
MeKre.
Fperiil rv.rpatrh to Ttie Call
Californians Unpleasant Ex
perience "With Fickle
Denver Girl.
JILTED ON HIS
WEDDING DAY
Puhstantially the rearins ar" that f.ich laws
dimply embody conditions apon whirh work
rr.My he <5one for the State n- it« po'-Itiral Fub
dtrisioaB or agrencies. anfl do not restrict any
Pi-niia?- statute* fiavf t>»en before th» rnurt!
nr oth^r than California tar ooiMSdcra
tfoa, ar.fl J.y the courts of imrh Ftatr* he!>i
tn he nlld s^i in no way Impairing the con
ftltutir.na) rijrht* of per*oriF. The reas^nlnit
upon whlrh th"** l»xrs wfi» urh'i'i by the'
rrnrt» »»f v»ry rlearly. for'-ihly aril r^rrectly
t-*a-*-d hy counsel for the defendant uj-on the
fi-ei:rT»*TU before me of this ri-Tiurrer
rrrnrir.e]y t-tatf-i th« art make* it unlawful
for any contractor doing: work f^r th» S"ta*p,
fr any po'irirai roMHistoa thereof, to (x>rrriit
sny workman t" labor <t> *uoh work BMW* tr.an
<=ipht h"urs Sn ar.y «->n»> rai"n<iar <l*y sr.-l im
j-^i^o^ oa th»> f*mra'-t<->r as a p^fulty for a
vini^tion thereof a forfeiture of J!"i ;*r day
fat MCti violation and makfs thp offpn^e a mi«
deamner punifhahle i,y a fine anJ bspriaon
rrTT nc w*>'l.
. Here the Ju'lpe quotes the statute, the
validity of which is i.ttack?d, sunomin»j
up in those words:
In *urport of his .l^tnurrpr it i* urft?d on
th» pert ot Oif plaintiff that th* art of th»
th»r»fr.r» void Tho mnpt Important point
rat(«><1 nt the b»"iirinf van that it is in con
flirt with portion 1. article I. onnt:t!!ut(on n 1
Calif nrr.la. and infrin^fs ur^ the riftht "of
Acmdrisc pj">s.«"Fs : :njr ar.d protecting property','
and u;v->n the "Ti^ht to ir.ako «a3 rriforr^ eon
any lawful ••gi'tnir, net infrintring up^-Ti th«>
rfehts= of <nh»rs."
Judjrp Hall declined to renoer an off
hand Judpment on th? demurrer, rcir.ark
ir.e that th<» issue raised was of such far
reachir.sr. importance inat he wished op
portunity to examine .-ill th<» authoriti^
j-""arinp on the ca«=o. In his opinion the
Judc fays:
Th- jpfuc was raised- by Contractor
W'-r^hinjnnn's attorney in his suit to coin
rH The «"ity Auditor <o allow his claim ot
J'T'-r- r' 1 . which claim was protested by Uw
Boudinx Trades Council, on the irrouni
That Wnrthingtor. had worked his m^n
more than eig-ht hours a day in perform
;r? his contract with the city.
Attorney McE'roy. who wa; retained by
the labor unions to ficht the case, enterod
a (i'murr»r to the suit on the ground that
1t was directly oppoFcd to th^ St.atf oiph«
y.<-n:r law. In arguing the derrn:rrrr At
torfxjr Button, representir.R the plaintiff.
c'A not shirk this issue, hut attacked tht>
statute, arpuing that it was unconstif;
:i<->nsl.
"As a els! pries Judge I am nbligcd to
follow the law sj exoounded by the Su
preme Court of thp State, for which rea
son, upon i ho authority of the decision
quoted. I sm constrained to hold the act
undor cor.;=ic<?ration invalid and void.
ThT^fnre the demurrer to defendant's
ar.5w*>r must be sustained. It Is so or-
Gfrea.
"The same reasons that render an or
£!ri«r!ce of a rity Invalid as infringing
upon the rights guaranteed by section 1.
ert!c!e I. constitution of California, wouM
r^ndT a law of the Strite void.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
IliS Broadway, Feb. 6.
,^ UPERIOR JUDGE L. P. HALL
rendered a decision to-day de
4^~^/ daring that the eight-hour la-w
governing the time of labor
upon public "works throughout tlw
State of California is null and void
urder the constitution.
The Judao concluded his decision as fol
lows:
DECIDES THAT EIGHT-HOUR
LAW IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL
Superior Judge Hall of Oakland Makes the
Ruling in a Contractor's Suit.
Will Run as an Independent
for Mayor of the City
of Oakland.
»
H. C. Capell Declines the Democratic
Nomination for Councilman From
the Seventh Ward for
Business Reasons.
«
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Feb. 6.
John L. Davie made an announcement
to-day of his candidacy for Mayor, as it
was expected he would. He declared that
he would run as an Independent without
an attempt to get any party behind him.
"I will make municipal ownership of
water and the dollar limit my campaign
cry." said Mr. "Davle. "I believe that the
city of Oakland can be run on $1 and that
I can show the people that it can be
done."
The Republican City Central Committee
will hold a meeting to-morrow night at
which Its plan of campaign will be out
lined. It is proposed to make an aggres
sive fight with meetings In all parts of the
city and the liberal distribution of cam
paign literature. It is proposed to form
a general campaign committee, composed
of about 100 prominent Republicans who
are not candidates, and who were not con
nected with the convention that nomi
nated the candidates, and put them In
charge of the work. This will show the
j interest in the ticket taken by the party
in general.
The filling of the vacancy caused by the
resignation of "W. W. Childs of the nomi
nation for Councilman from the Second
Ward is not yet settled. The resignation
has been referred to Chairman Everett
Brown, who comes from the Second Ward.
The Second Ward delegation that nomi-
I nated Mr. Childs will be sot together and
I make an effort to induce Mr, Childs to re
| consider his resignation.
I J. S. Wixon would like the Republican
I nomination for Councilman from the Sec
f ond Ward.
The Municipal League and the Socialists
tiled their tickets with the City Clerk to
day.
The Municipal league has retained the
rooms at 1004 Broadway as their head
quarters and Secretary Archie Gray will
be in constant charge until after the elec
tion.
H. C. Cane!!, who was nominated for
Councilman from the Seventh Ward by
the Democrats last nlprht. has issued the
following statement declining the nomina
tion:
Killtor Call: The announcement In the
morning rtaillp)- that I was nominated by tbe
I^*rnocrat ic convention for the office of Coun
ellman comes as a srreat surprise to me, and
m. doubt to my friends. The nomination was
unauthorized. unsolicited and, therefore,
wholly unexpected.
While I am thankful fnr this compliment,
voluntarily tendered by the -convention, par
ticularly ttjat portion of it represented by the,
Seventh Ward delegation. I must decline to
accept, pivlni* as a reason therefor that busi
mes *>n*ra£ement!« require all my attention. It
vould b» impossible for me to makf a proper.
canvHs-s of the ward in which I reside. Proper
rotlftcatien will be furnished the City Central
Committee.
Kindly convey the foregoing to your readers.
Respectfully. H. r. c A PELL.
t=an Krancifco. February 6. 1901.
DAVIE ANNOUNCES
HIS CANDIDACY
London's debt. Including; the sums ow
ing by ithe I city corporation,- now reaches
the'great sum of £50,564,019.
¦OAKLAND, Feb. 6.— A. Larrouy. ac
cused by S. H. AVilUqms" of attempted
blackmail, has, throuch his attorney, P.
A.- Bergerot. referred the charges he
makes against Williams to the Grand
Jury. Larrouy. who has -well-to-do con
nections' in San Francisco, was released
on $200 ball to-day. He has demanded
a speedy trial In the Police Court, and de
clares that he will press to ¦ an Issue the
accusation which his prospective alster
in-law, Marie Briehl, 15. years of age,
makes against Williams.
Turns Tables on Accuser. " f
At last night's meeting of the Gael::;
League Chairman T. J. Mellott appointed
a committee to make final arrangements
for a members" soclalon the evening of
Tuesday. February 19. . After listening to
songs In Gaelic and English by Stephen
McCue, Denis O'Connor. M. K. Hosan. M.
B. Clennan, Miss -Delia Lorrigan. Hon.
Stephen R. O'Keefe and Theodore Lynch
the league adjourned to Sheridan Hall as
the guests of a sister society. Division No.
2. Ancient Order of Hibernians, who-.se
hospitality they enjoyed until a lats hour.
The Gaelic Tongue.
Irving M. Scott Addresses Students.
BERKELEY. Feb. 6.— IrvingT M. Scott
lectured this afternoon In room 13,» North
Hall before the commercial .students of
the university. His subject was "Shlp-
Buildinsr on the Pacific Coast."
Mr. Scott outlined the growth of the
Union Iron Works and told of the method
of securing building material on this
coast. He gave the young men some good
advice regarding the entering 1 of commer
cial business, as a life work and spoke
encouraging words for the energetic ones
who were bound to succeed-
Thls was one of a series of practical lec
tures to be delivered by prominent men in
different branches of business. •
OAKLAND. Feb. 6.— George T. Wright.
Lady .Yarde-Buller's newly appointed
guardian, has begun suit in her ladyship's
name to have the trust deed. annulled by
¦which Lady Butler's property was con
veyed, in 1S93, to E. H. Wakeman. and
also the deed by which Wakeman trans
fered the property to Attorney W. II.
-In his complaint "Wright alleges that
Wakeman's action was not warranted by
law and was in violation of his trust.
Seeks to Compel Former Guardians
to Restore Property Belonging
to the Estate.
LADY YARDE-BULLEB'S
GUABDIAN FILES SUIT
..WILL OF BERNARD HORN FILED. -The
will of Bernard Horn, the .cattle king. : who
died a week ago, was filed for probate yester
aay By the terms of the will Mary A. Bris
lan' a ' niece, Is to reeelve $10,000. mnd the real
due of the estate, ,whl<tfi Js probably worth
tijOCOO, is to go to the four children of the
testator. Bernard "J. Horn. Thomas Horn, Mary
J. Horn and Elizabeth : A.-, Horn. The slaugh
tering business of the decedent Is to be car
ried'on by his, two sons.,;
: HEIGHT OF BUILDINGS,— The Supervisors'
Joint Committee on v Judiciary ; and Fire met
yesterday for the purpose of, hearing contrac
tors and j architects in regard to - the building
ordinance which it is proposed to amend. The
limitation ; at present is J?> feet for fireproof
bulldingf and eighty feet ¦ for semi-fireproof
'bulldinga " of six * stories. President . Mendell of
.the Board of Public Works stated that : no de
cision • had : yet' been " arrived at by Ms board
as to the height of buildings and the commit
tee postponed action until the repcrt Is made. '
NEW PUBLISHING COMPANY IXCORPO
RATRS.—The. Pythian Chronicle. . Publishing
Company was Incorporated yesterday by 1L R.
Arndt. S. W. Powell. H. Schaffner and C. W.
Nevin of this city and George Samuels, W. J.
Kidd and J. ; P. Abbott ot Alameda County.
The lneorporatora Intend publishing « a paper
devoted- to the interests -of the -.Knights of
Pythias. - The capital stock Is placed at $10,000.
of which amqunt- $S300 nan been subscribed.
try' to sell stolen horse feed.—
Thomas Carroll, George Murphy and Richard
Richardson were arrested by Policemen Taylor
and Lycett on Eighth street yesterday on the
charge of grand larceny. The trio tried to sell
a load of . horse - feed which was taken off a
waeon belonging to P. Story of Ocean View.
SUDDEN DEATH OF MICHAEL GLEASON.
—Michael Gleason, a 70-year-old Inmate of
the Almshouse. died at 6 o'clock yesterday
mornins, presumably of heart disease, but the
case was reported to Coroner Leland, because
in an altercation last Sunday Lorenzo Parlnl
struck him In the stomach with his fist.
-UNSTAMPED SPIRITS SEIZED.— Special
Revenue Agent purt M. Thomas visited China
town yesterday and seized 764 cases of medi
cated-liquor warranted to cure all diseases.
The bottles had not been stamped in accord
ance with the revenue laws.
BRONSON DIES OF HIS INJURIES.—Wil
liam Bronson, who fell into the hold of the
steamship Queen of the Pacific, died nt the
City and County Hospital yesterday afternoon.
The Coroner was notified and had the body
removed •• to the Morgue.
LECTURES ON RUBBER CULTURE.— Mrs.
Frona Walte. Colburn lectured last niKht at
Metropolitan Hall on the culture of rubber In
Mexico The address was illustrated by stere
optlcon views from photographs taken by the
lecturer.- .
DOWNTOWN PAVING.— The Board of Pub
lic Works will on F^day recommend to the
Board of Supervisors that an asphalt pave
ment on a glx-lnch concrete foundation be laid
on Pine street, between Sansome and Battery.
.LABORERS' PEMANDS HELP UP.—Audi
tor Wells yesterday held up a score, of de
mands aggregating $1642 65 for laborers in the
School Department, en the ground that they
are not signed by the Board of Public Works.
BERNHARDT'S FAREWELL.— Another of
Sarah Hernhardfs "farewell" engagements
will commence next Monday at the i.rami
Opera-house. The advance sale, which opened
yesterday. . realized JH.OOO.
NOME CONTEMPT CASKS.— Presiding Jndge
Gilbert of the United States Circuit Court ot
Appeals announced yesterday that next Mon
day the court will hand down a decision in
the Nome contempt cases.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
MEXICO CITY, Feb. 6.— K. Nott Potter,
a brotber of Bishop Potter of New York,
died of heart failure at 0:45 o'clock this
evening at the Hotel Jard!n. in this city.
E. Nott Potter.
iX " K Builders' Contracts.
Charles Musante (owner) with J. B. Jteltw
(contractor), architects Rousseau & Son— A!l
work except mantels, gas fixtures and shades
for a two-story frame buildlnff «f!r-.ts>. on N
line of Germanla avenue, SX:3 E of FHlniore.
E SO t>y N IS); 4233.
James L. Flood (owner) with Gray Bros,
(contractors), architect Albert Pissis— Grading
and removing of debris of lot on NE corner
of Eddy and Powell streets. N 22:8. NE 1S«.
NW 60. N US. \V 137 :«. S 273: $2672:
F H. Woods estate (owner, by H. T.
Woods. C. C. Mlntfle and. Edward Barry. «x
ecutors) with T. W. Kern (contractor), archi
tect Henry H. Myers— Iron, carpenter and
mill work, glass, glazing, lllumlnatlnir tiles,
palntinir and varnishing of store fronts and
other alterations to a «lx-story brick butMlnp,
on N line of Geary meet, 120 E of Grant
avenile. E 35. N" «:«. E 20. N «3, X7 M. 8 *>.
XV 13. S «2:«: $:9». _.\ -¦;•'-
William F. Ambrose- (owner) with I. V, .
Coburn (contractor), architect Matthew O'Brien
—Carpenter and . mill work, paintinjr. plumb
ing. - grading and mantels, etc.. for s two
story frame building with brick foundation,
on E line of Stetner street. 27:' S of Fulton.
S 27:6 by E 119; 14900. -
Louis and Rachel Landler <by J. B. R?ln
stein. attorney) to Jacob "W. St»rn. -lot on W
line of Brooertck strc»t. 143 H of Haieht. 8 S
by \V l«0:- »:**».
Estate of William II. Churchill (by B. P.
Oliver, commissioner* to lllbemia Savins* anil
Loan Society, lot on NW" corner of Hilght and
Broderlck streets. XV T!:S by N 110; J<C25:
Joyeph J. an<1 Parhara Mason t<* C H. Mc-
Lenath^n. lot on NW corner of ¦ T'nlftn and
"Broderick street*. N U. XV 103. SB 47. E 73:3;
Elizabeth Ruttncr to Hedwltr J. Holley <wlfe
of E. W.>. lot on S line of tTnlon street. 213;VJ
W of Baker. W 27 by S ISO; Kift.
Catherine I*. Juhnstnne (wife of W.) and
Sarah A. Coleman iwife of James) to H!ber
nia Savings and Loan .Society. Int on SEJ Him
of Mission street. 11.1.03 SW of Kleventh. SU"
25. SE S4.«. NE ZSt NW 83.S0: ZJCW.
Jacques and Marie Labataille to John IT. anct
Katie Xlbbe. let on E ltne of Alabama street.
100 S of Twenty-nrnt. S Z> by E 1C0; JlfiM.
Frank and Ida Pauson to Ontral Light and
Power Company, lot on NAV fine of JmwI©
street. 225 NE of Fifth. NE 5 by NW 73: $10.
Catherine Campbell to James J. Campbell,
lot on SE line of Minna street. 150 SW of
Sixth. SW S by SB W Kift.
Ertatr of Alexander Kidrl Pr. (by Alexander
Kidd Jr.. administrator) to John Hlnkel. lot
at intersection of S line of Ellen (now Marl
pos-a Terrace) and NW line of Heron streets.
S 50 by NW 23; J1S0O.
G*orce Marns to same, same, quitclaim
<le#d: *3. . .:_?...
Sarah Thor»en (Kidd) to ramf. game, quit
claim de«d; $30. . ,, .. , »
Andrew Monbur* to Mary A. Moobunr. I wt
on E line of Vermont street. US S of Sierra.
S 23 by E 100. an<l all right under homestead
in 60. Hd. 137; S3uO. > -
Ellen Swett and Mary H- Jordan to Solomon
Getz. lot on NW corner of J street an<1 Forty
severith avenue. N 13. W 11>. S 23. E 12* S
ICO. E 707 :«: M0M>. J, , ' _,
. C N • Johnson to James Q. rhxon. lot on 7*
line .of' T street. 82:S W of Forty-fifth avenue.
'Caroline Dtbblee (wife of Wililam) to James
Mooney. lot 44. block 5. Holly Park; &*>¦ •
Antonio and Ida Cuneo to Carlo. A. and Mary
Mapistra. lot on NW line of Arlington *t!yt.
3C5 SW of Roanoke. SW TO by NVV 13. lot 4.
Jones' Ad'litlcn to Falrmount: $1000.
J W Wrirht & Sons Investment Company
to Charlotte O. Kummer (wlf» of II. U>. lot
on SE line of Naple* street. K5 SW of Japan
avenue. SW » by SE 100. block 10, Excelsior
H Katherfni Su°hr (Daakwerth) to Andrew and
Simon Wllll. lots -2. 3 and 4. bio* 27. West
E Odd M Fel!o'ws' Cemetery Association to Lydia
Popp. lot 1. Plat 11. Od<} Fellows* Cemetery;
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SALEM. Or.. Feb. 6.— To-day witnessed
a slight break In the tedious repetition
In the rote for Senator, ' -when Senator
Reader of Umatilla ' changed from Me-
Bride to Corbett and. Dresser, of Clacka
xnas changed from' \ Moore to McBrlde."
There is a feeling among those watching
the contest that changes will be of daily
occurrence until an. election shall- result.
The vote was as , follows: Corbett' 30.
Smith; 26, McBride 21. Herman 7, Fulton
2,. Moore 1, Towell 4; not voting 1,-ab
sent L - ; ¦ J -¦¦"¦ .-.-¦¦ \.
San Jose Chinese Beaten on the Head
and Left for Dead.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 6.— Ah Goon, a Chinese
on whose head a price of $300 was put by
the Hip Singr.Tong, was found in an.un
conscious condition on North First street
last evening. There were four ragged
wounds on the, top of his head, and he
was nearly dead from loss of blood. • He
was removed to the Receiving Hospital,
where the flow, of blood was checked and
his life saved. Goon had been hit on
tho head with a heavy iron pipe. and left
for dead. The attack was the outcome of
the war between the Hip Sing Tong and
the Bing Ong Tong.
To-day Goon had sufficiently recovered
to tell the police that a highbinder named
Wong Choy had been his assailant and a
warrant was Issued for the latter on a
charge of assault to kill.
Deadlock May Soon End.
Suisun Farmer Meets Peculiar Acci
dent While Prospecting
for Oil.
SyiSUN. Feb. 6.— George Miller, a
farmer residing three miles north of Sui
sun, met a peculiar accident to-day, on
his farm.. The Miller ranch was recently
leased to a number of local residents who
have organized an oil company. There
are oil seepages and signs of escaping
gas in several places on. the ranch, and
Mr. Miller and his brother, Hugh Miller,
were prospecting for gas with a post
augur. In a place where the escape of
gas- was strongest a hole five feet deep
was bored. Satisfied that the vein was
reached, Mr.* Miller dropped a lighted par
lor match into the hole. An explosion
took place, burning "Mr. Miller consider
ably about the face. The flame from the
burning gas shot high into the air.
ATTACKED BY HIGHBINDER.
Camping Trip and Come
to Grief.
PETALUMA, Feb. 6.— Two runaway
boys from San Francisco are in the Peta
luma City Prison awaiting the arrival of
the father of one of them from San Fran
cisco to-morrow. They are the 13-year
old son of Police Sergeant Green of the
Hall of Justice and Thomas Kearney, a
14-year-old boy living at 408 Golden Gate
avenue. The boy* came here on the
steamship last night. They spent the
night at a hotel and were picked up by
the officers this morning. Young Green
passed* most of the day In tears.
The boys expected to be joined by a
third in a day or eo with money and the
trio Intended to camp out. They brought
a hatchet along with them to cut wood
for their camp fire. The officers will try
to apprehend the third boy when he ar
rives. Young Kearney worked until late
ly for Zobel & Banner, wholesale mil
liners, and young Green worked for Has
kall & Meugge, Kearny-street jewelers.
Sergeant Green sent word this evening
that he would come to Pctaluma to-mor
row after his son. .
BURNED BY NATURAL
'<.*}¦ 'r- GAS EXPLOSION
Two San Francisco Lads Start for a
RUNAWAY BOYS IN
JAIL AT PETALUMA
DAYTON, Ohio, Feb. 6.^-Rev. Jonathan
Weaver. Bishop Emeritus of the United
Brethren church and an aged divine, wide
ly known in religious circles, died this
morning at his home in this city. His re
ligious career beean In 1S41. .
Rev. Jonathan Weaver.
SUISUN. Feb. 6.— W. T. Kennedy, a
pioneer of Solano County, died in Sulsun
this afternoon. Mr. Kennedy had resided
here since 1Sj6. He was ;* native of Fred
ericks County, Maryland.- and was" S<5
years, of age. A v.lfe and live children
survive him.
W. T. Kennedy.
BERKELEY, Feb. 6.-Mlss Florence L.
Tickncr, the 19-year-old daughter of Leon
Tickner of 1531 Prince street, died this
morning of pneumonia after a short Ill
ness. She was an operator In the local
telephone office. The funeral will be held
Friday at 2 p. m. from the family resi
dence. "The interment will bo In Mountain
View Cemetery. ;
Diath of Miss Tickner.
OAKLAND. Feb. «.— Miss Edna Cahlll.
daughter of Patrick Cahlll. residing at
1012 Fifty-sixth strset. passed away last
night after a few days' illness from ap
pendicitjs. Miss Cahill was prominent in
a wide social circle and her untimely
death will be a shock to many friends of
the family. The, young lady was 20 year3
of age. She was cue of the prominent
graduates of Blake Seminary. Her father
is a member of the Cahlll-Hall Elevator
Company of San Francisco. He occupies
a prominent position !n the manufacturing
business of the Pacing Coast. The funeral
will take place Friday afternoon at 2
o'clock from the family residence.
BERKELEY. Feb. 6.— The
announcement was made
to-day of the appointment
by the President of George
Schmidt as Postmaster, at
Berkeley, and with this announce
ment ends one of the big political
contests that have been waging in
the little college town.
Tho position of Postmaster of
Berkeley is particularly desirable,
for the salary is good compared
with the amount of responsibility
involved.? In this respect It Is
more, desirable than the Oakland
postoflice. This is due to the fact
that the University of California
makes large purchases of postage
stamps, and this keeps the Berke
ley postofflce in a higher class
than the population of the town
would otherwise Warrant.
The. struggle for this position is
always a determined .one in Berke
ley, and in this case there were
five candidates— George Schmidt.
A. K. Weir, J. M. Pierce. Pbilo
Mills and John M. Fox. Schmidt
secured the support of Congress
man Victor II. Metcalf, and this
gave him the coveted appointment.
George Schmidt Is a real estate
dealer, and has always been a
prominent factor in Berkeley poli
tics. He was once a candidate for
Town Marshal, but met defeat.
He served for a number of years
as Superintendent of Streets. Of
late he has devoted himself to his
real estate business. Mr. Schmidt
lives, with his family. at 2025 Uni
versity avenue. . '
The term of .Postmaster Ole C.
Vlnzent has expired, and the ap
pointment of Mr. Schmidt will
take effect as soon as he can pre
pare and file his bond and have
it approved. The red tape sur
rounding this act Is considerable,
and, will take some little: time.
McKinlay admits that he and Pardee
were at the place, but they declare that
Norn's story °f the assault is a fabrica
tion. According to McKinlay. he and Par
dee were passing tho shop and saw -Nom
standing In the doorway and made a de
mand for the costs. In law the costs
stand as a judgment against the China
man and his property is subject to a levy
by due process.
Chief of Police Hodgklns has begun an
independent investigation through Cap
tain of Police Wilson of the at-air.
That there was trouble between the
Mongolian and the policeman Is a fact, for
hundreds of people were attracted to his
shop about 2 o'clock this afternoon by the
lusty blowing of a police whistle, which was
being blown by a Chinese employe of the
lottery king. Norn was in his shop nurs
ing a "cauliflower" ear and holding a pis
tol from which he had fired a shot Into
the floor of his place, he said, to frighten
away the two policemen. McKinlay and
Pardee did not respond to the whistle's
blowing but slipped into an adjoining
blacksmith shop until the hubbub quieted.
Then both men hurried to the City Hall,
closely followed by Nora, who went. In
company with 1 his attorney, to the Police
Court, where he demanded McKlnlay's ar
rest.
The trouble, so the Chinaman claims,
arose from the demand of McKinlay that
Nora pay him $11 50. being a portion of
the costs of court In a recent suit brought
Bv Nona against the policeman. Nom sued
for damages, claiming that he had several
ribs broken by McKinlay. who had raided
his place in company with Pardee. The
Chinaman lost the case and the costs
;were adjudged against him.
¦ Nom says he was sitting In his shop this
afternoon when McKinlay, opening a
looked door with a skeleton key, entered
with Pardee and demanded the costs. The
Chinaman referred the policeman to his
• attorney, T. F. Garrity.
'•Then McKinlay," said Nom to Deputy
! District Attorney Samuels, "called me a
1 bad name and punched me twice on the
i ear. My Chinaman, who saw the assault.
! ran out into the street, blowing a police,
I whistle, and as the policemen left I fireo.
I a shot Into the floor to make a noise and
get policemen there to protect me."
Patrolman Frank Lynch responded to
the whistling and took the pistol, which
Nom turned over to him. • "
Application was made to-day to the
District Attorney by Gee Norn, the Chl
ese lottery king, for the arrest of Police
man Albert R. McKinlay. who Is accused
of having assaulted the Chinaman this
afternoon, after breaking into his shop
on Seventh street, near Broadway. The
accusing Chinaman claims that Policeman
Thomas Pardee was with McKinlay dur
ing the affray.- Deputy District Attorney
Samiiela began an inquiry at once, and
will decide to-morrow whether a com
plaint shall Issue against the accused pa
trolman. McKinlay denies, and is backed
in the denial by Pardee, that he struck
Gee Norn. The Chinaman exhibits a bad
ly swollen ear as a portion of his evi
dence in substantiation of his charges.
Oakland Office San Frane'.3co Call.
1118 Broadway, Feb. 6.
Chinese Lottery King De
mands Warrant Against
A. R. McKinlay.
ASKS FOR ARREST
OF A POLICEMAN
OAKLAND. Feb. 6.— The wedding of
Abe P. Leach and Miss Freda
Curdts took place this evenir.f at
the residence of Dr. H. B. llehr
mann of - Golden Gate, MI33
Curdts being a sister of Mrs. Mehrmann.
The wedding was a very nuiet affair,
only the members of the two families be
ing present. The ceremony 'was performed
by Rev. Charles R. Brown, pastor of th«?
First Congregational Church, and was
verv pimple. The bride was attended by
her" sister. Miss Eda Curdts, as brides
maid, while Edwin R. Leach, a brother of
the groom, acted as best man. '¦
¦ At the conclusion of the services", at ->
o'clock, a sumptuous wedding supper wad
served the wedding party. In the evening
there was a reception at the Mehrmann
residence, at which the couple received
the congratulations of their many friends.
In connection with the Republican con
vention the following names have 'been
mentioned as candidate": For Clerk, C.
E. Thomas: Treasurer, C R. Lord; As
sessor. M. Anderson.
BERKKLET. Feb. C— Th<» political sit
uation here la far from being without
complications. All nominees of the new
fusion party must file certificates as in
dependent candidates. That is the gen
eral opinion nor of those who havs
looked up the legal points of the 1 subject.
The old Non-Partisan and Independent
Taxpayers' parties had legal standing and
there would be no question about the po
sition of a nominee of either, but the
fusion of th> two has given a new party,
the Non-Partisan Taxpayers. This party
has of course never had the opportunity
to poll 3 per cent of the votes at an elec
tion and hence it does not exl3t legally.
It is also declared that the fact that no
primaries were held would make it unsafa
for a candidate to trust alone to the Non-
Partlsan Taxpayers' nomination.
Clerk M. L.' Hanscom. Assessor I. W.
Wells and Treasurer John Squires have
been visited by representatives from both
the Republicans and fusionists and of
fered renominatlon. As the fusionists
meet to-morrow night they will have tha
first chance to nominate them.
Its Candidates Must Run
Independently to Insure
Safe Election.
FUSION PARTY
IS NOT LEGAL
Mr. Leach is one of the most popular
young men in Oaklanu. He is the son of
Frank A. Leach. Superintendent of tha
United States Mint in San Francisco. Hn
was admitted to the bar several years asfl
and has advanced in his profession with
rapid strides. He <s a member of tho
firm of Crowell & Leach, and la also Pros
ecuting Attorney of ih» Police Court an>t
Deputy District Attorney of Alameda
County. Mr. Leach Ij a prominent mem
ber of the Masonic order, holding an offi
cial position in Live Oak Lodge of this
city, a member of the Elks and president
of the Nile Club during last year.
Mrs. Leach is well known in San Jos?,
where she lived for some years, and has
a large circle of acquaintances. She, has
made many friends *fnce enmins to this
city to reside with her sister.
There will be a short weddlnsr tri-» after
which Mr. and Mrs. Leach will take u;>
their residence in this city.
MR. AND MRS. ABE P. LEACH, WHO WERE MADE HUSBAND AND
"WIFE YESTEKDAT AT THE RESIDEXCE.OF THE BRIDE'S SISTER.
MRS. DR. H. B. MEHRMANN', IX GOLDEN GATE.
¦ . . — i
Opinion Goes on Record To-day and
Covers Question, of Opening
Thoroughfares Around
Bay Shore.
— ? :
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, Feb. 6.
After working for more than a year on :
the testimony in the re-trial of the Oak
: land water front case. Judge Ogden has
' prepared his decision, which will be hand
ed down to-morrow morning. The opinion
covers the title of the city to such streets
as may be found to be open thorough
fares, in accordance with the lines laid
down by the, Supreme Court In the orig
inal decision of the case.
I Under that opinion the second trial was
ordered upon the theory that the city
was entitled to maintain title through the
water front property to all streets which
were open and dedicated in lSfiS. This was
the date when, the Supreme Court de-
I t-ided. title to the certain portions of
I the water front was vested by the city of
I Oakland in the Water Front Company.
The Supreme Court paid that the city,
under the Merritt compromise, had grant
ed to the Company all lands lying between
the line of ordinary high tide and low
i tide that was then within the corporate
limits of the city, and which extended
from the center line* of the north arrr. of
the estuary around to Twenty-second
street on the west shore. The decision
also gave to the Water Front Company
all lands which had been improved and
maintained. The strip covered by the
tide as far as the ship channel was de
clared to be under State title, excepting
such portions as might have beer sold as
tide lands by the State. - ~ ;
I The court left to the city Claim upon all
| streets that miRht have been open in 1S68,
j and the second trial was for the purpose
1 of determining what thoroughfares had
been dedicated, and can now be declared
open across the Water Front Company's
strip.
The question whether Broadway was
open will be dealt with in this decision.
The determination will have a bearing
upon the suits against the city now pend
ing'in the United States Circuit Court,
where the Water Front Company claimed
damages for the forcible opening of that
thoroughfare by former May.or Pardee.
Many of the streets now open to First
street, lying west of Broadway, will be
considered in the decision and all of the
streets from Broadway east to the north
arm of the estuary are involved. The
streets from Seventh north* to Twenty
second w'ere also Included during the sec
ond trial.
The decision covers twenty-four pages
of typewritten matter.
Judge. Ogdan's.' Decision In
the Water Front Suit
LABORS A YEAR
ON TESTIMONY
FREDA CURDTS BECOMES
THE WIFE OF A.P. LEACH
Popular and Successful Young Attorney Bids
Gbpd-By to Bachelorhood.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1001.
President McKinley Ends
a Local Contest by
Naming -Real Estate
Dealer for the Office
SCHMIDT WILL
BE BERKELEY'S
POSTMASTER
GEORGE SCHMIDT, WHO HAS
BEEN APPOINTED POSTMAS
TER AT BERKELEY.
During the last twenty-five years the
worth of precious stones.
At a meeting of the Longshoremen's
Protective Association, held last night,
the following named officers -were elected:
II. J. Jackson, president: L. E. Richard
son, vice president: Knut Bergendahl,
corresponding secretary; John Ashman
financial secretary: Frank Green, treas
urer; C. R. Goodridee, master at arms,
and J. J. Ferris, business agent.
Longshoremen Elect Officers.
9
THE DAY'S DEAD.
GRAPE-NUTS.
FOOD BUILDS TEETH.
Boy cf 6 Lacks Teeth Until Fed
A llttl* chap f5x years old. the son of
W. Wells of Ravenswood. III., had, up to
a Ehort time ago. cut v«_-ry few teeth. Nat-
urally the Imperfect mastication of food
caused Indigestion and a poorly nourished
ftystem. "When I fir.«t saw the lad," says
Rev. W. Osborne Stranahan of 3007 X.
Winchester Ave.. Ravenswood. he was
v.-ao ar.d pale, greatly emaciated, with im-
poverished b!ood, and Jacking all the es-
Frr.tials which go to make up robust
Mrrnpth and visor.
"Many remedies and different foods had
bern .tried, but none seemed to meet his
need. I kr.c-w somcth:r.s cf the value nf
Grape-Nuts food, and recommended ;ts
une. TJm first trial convinced the parents
cf one thing — at least they Jsad found a
food th* boy really liked. "He empties his
dish and calls for more.' the mothpr said.
"Astonishing results followed its use. al-
most immediately: Gcfii was rapidly put
on. the face, from being pallid and thin,
began to Cll out. the cheeks were plump
and rosy. The body, properly nourished,
began Its work of upbuilding- the system.
The most wonderful thine of all, the
Grape-Nuts food seemed to contain the
necessriry elements for the formation of
bor.e tissue, and presently the tardy teeth
began to erlck through.
~To-day the boy is strong and hearty. In
perfect health, with a full set of teeth
rapidly maturing. The Grape-Nuts food
alone has brought about this marvelous
result."THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, 7 FEBRUARY 7, is-ui.
10
SAX FRASCISCO CALL. j
BUSINESS OFFICE of Ths San Frandsco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets ; open
until 12 o'clock every nipht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
corr.er Clay; open until 8:30 p. n.
C00 Hayes street; epen until S:SO p. m.
€33 McAllister fctre**; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
:r;i Marion street; open until 10 p. m.
I2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cr.tll 9 p. trs:
1C6 Eleventh street; epen until 9 p. m.
Z^C Valencia rtreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etrwrs: op^n until 9 p. m.
VEETISG NOTICES.
A STATED meeting of Terba PI
D-Jcna Chapter No. 1, Roee Crolx, , — )JL — ,
A. ariT A. Scottish Rite of Free- gjh — I
masonry, will b» held In Com- Kj
sr.cr.dpry Hall. Mn.vnir Temple, ?1
on THURSDAY EVENING. Feb- IV I
nian 7. ISO. nt 8 o'clock. {_}
HEXJtT BCBXEg. Secretary.
MISSION O-apter No. 79. R. A. M-— m,
Wair.1 n:eeun(j THIS (THtTR5DAT) JV^,
KVKNING. 7:29 o'clock. Mission Ma- yLjSL "
ron'.c Tewple. 2ttJ Mission »t. Dusl-'^
> fss V. M. and 11. 10. M. decree*. Hy order
r.1 t!.e 17. P. JXO. R. H1LLMAN. Sec. \
CALIFORNIA Lodjre Z<o. 1. F. end A. /»
M.. wl'.l meet THIS (THUn.SDAY) _C%_
EVENING. February '. nt 7:50 o'clock. X3T
Stated meeting. J3y orier of the ' V
Mafter. FRANKLIN H. DAY. See. .
JtDKlTtY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. M. ft
Rate-i meeting THIS (THURSDAY) m £\ m
EVENING, at 7::» o'clock. Third De- /W\
pree. Mastrr Masons cordially Invited. ' V '
IJy order of the t\-. jj.
" FrtKI>KRICK BARRT. Secretary.
DOK1C Lodge No. TIB. F. and A. M.— «
FtateJ meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
KVENING. at 7:20 o'clock. Ey order ]%JX
€jf the Master. »^r >
.T. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
THE Htttcr Painters' Association of the Pa-
rifte Coast will meet at the Guilders' Ex-
. chance. <0 New Montgomery nt.. FRIDAY
EVENING. February K. at S o'clock.
. B. If. IJLACK. President.
H. F. "WAGNER, secretary.
NOTICE cf stockholder*' meeting— A eperlal
meeting of the stockholders of the Honolulu
Hutar Company is called for and will tve
held st the otfice oT the company. No. 327
ilarke.t ft.. San Francisco. Cal.. on 1ION-
PAY. February IS. PCI, at 11:30 o'clock a,
n.. for the purpose of considering a propo-
e'.tlcn tr» <*irsnlve the corporation and to con-
sider such other business as rr.ay come b»-
lore the meeting. Ey order of th^ President.
E. EX. SHELDON.
Secretary Honolulu Sugar Company.
Dated San FYan'-iFoo. February J. 1SC1.
THH annual iriwtlry? of the «ockhola»r» of
the Sierra Railway Company of California
will be held at the office of the company,
rubber 223 Crocker bulldinj:. City and County
rt Pan Frandeco. State of California, on
MONDAY, the 11th day of February. UOl. at
the hmir of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purposs
of electing directoni for the ersulng: year and
the trarractlon of such other, business as may
coat before eaid meetlrg.
S. M RICKET. Secretary.
nate^ Jwnuary SS. 19C1.
AGESTS WAXTED.
AOENTP— Best "Life of Qu»n Victoria." Coa.-t
headquarters for complete and authentic
memorial volume: outfit free; send 10c for
!«CFta$ri». R. R. Patterson. i?9 Mont'BT. B. F.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to fell than hooks or Insur-
nnce? Add. F. PERSON', r. 41S. Parrott b'.Jy.
WANTED— Firrt-clays spent? to handle first-
r'.afs o'.l and water color pictures. £72 Eigh-
teenth Ft.. Oak'.and.
GOOD agents to sell our Tyrolean harps; bis
money. l'C2 Market «t.. bet. 11th and 12th.
A' : KN"TP— 1Mb money: write quick: county
rtpht free. AMBROSE. 1.'23 Market Ft.. S. F.
A<i::NT. large income, as representative of
IochI manufacturer. Write to hox 1516. Call.
ASIMIALTl SI HOOKIXG. •
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidotralks re-
paired: postal. IIS-; Mlsfion: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTOUXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S30 Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK \V. SMITH, mining and probate law a
specialty. Mills big., r. 3. 4th fir. ; tel. Red 3G15.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. \V.
%V. DAVIDSON. S2T Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bid*.. 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation frr-e; no fees In advance.
nOARDI.\G FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED— A l>aby to board; good home. SI
South Park.
L.ADT with own home would like 1 or I email
children to board: pood care. 3I1S ICth et.
BOSXSBSS CHAKCBS.
A— 1700; half interest in one of the best ealoons
on water front; party must be honest and
food business man. CaU R. G. WILKE. 2f£)
Kfarciy Et. j
- " i
A GENERAL merchandise store; about SO miles j
from S. F. : estab. rr.any y<-ars end doing a !
first-class paying frU2inesE; price $4jO0; a very ;
rare chance and fullest investigation solicited. :
Call R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st. j
A— SCO': DAIKY produce and delicacy stand; In ]
leading market of city; rent $15; nood paying;
I.artnerg- can't agree. R. G. WILKE. 2»4
Kearny et.
A— K50; s=ALOON. v.ith mercantile lunch; also •
livlr.g ro-jniF; among the wholesale houses;
low rer.t: pood business. Call It. G. WILKE, I
»»J4 Kearny Bt.
A— $2"0; SALOON, few doors south of Market
6t.; place kept by owner 12 years and is do- }
Inir a cood buElnesF; sickne?? only cause of
pale; ntt rent $C5. IDquire R. G. WILKE, 26Vi
K«>amy st.
A-$7.^; SALOON; rent $20: place doing a buoi-
nese of IToa per month; patronized by sailors
fcnd soldiers: about $300 cleared In SO days.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26'j Kearny rt
A— $1000; TEA. coffee and crockery • store, on
Stockton St.: rent $45; living rooms; fixtures
and Ftook will Invoice the nrtce: owner *n-
Kased otherwise. Call R. G. WILKE. 2€V~
Kparny rt.
A-JS00-. CORNER butcher shop, in northern |
rart cf city: rent $CD: horse, cart; celling 4 i
cattle and about 15 Fhe»p per week; a cash
custom. Call R. G. WILKE. 2SH Kearny st. i
A— $12f<0:' RESTAURANT and coffee saloon [
close to Union Iron Works; rent $C0; 4 years'
lease: a firft-class paying business: ownei
roust leave for N. T. to settle estate: lnve«-
tiga:<? and make offer. P.. G. WILKE, 2€ 1 ,4
Koarry et. i
PARTNER wanted In a larsre. old-established !
rri.fltaLIe |pu*ln<-s?. controlling a good, safe. !
foIM and reliable tra-le: owing to retirement I
of former manager own«*r has decided to sell |
nn interest to an ncceptable party; duties i
will be the krejMr.z of accounts and asslbt-
lnp generally In the management of the busl- I
r.esK: one accustomed to horses preferred; j
oepit^l r-<it:!red J"'*)') to $10.(«0; full value In
«t!fc-ht; Jxxks and iviFiriess open for investiga-
tion. J. \Y. Donnelly & Co.. €22 Market et
A partnership; profitable business; ca«h capital
retjutr«i1 J2iO: bal. cart be paid from profltB.
Particulars DONNELLY CO.. 632 Market.
TO bay or sell, cigar Ftores. bakeries, restau-
rants. Falcons, butcher ehops or business of
r.ny kir.fl see EcreUa Real Estate Co., 28 €th. I
$160— BARHER fher: 3 chairs: cheap rent; i
_ union shop. M. LESS. 760 Market et. j
J3M- PARTNERSHIP; can make JIM a month;
pleasant occupation. Cal. Bus. A**n. SC3 Mkt.
GENTLEMAN about t<5 make trip to Japan
It desirous cf introducing novelty there.
Ilease a<!1re«a "China and Japan," box 1C14
Call office. ";;, s.
JJTSO-CORNTR <fty ealoon; good location -
»roo<: reason for Belling; no agents. Box 17&7
Call office.
TOR pale— Paper routes In country town. Box
1TCS. Call office.
AA— $400; GJIAND opportunity for lady or-genf
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room. 224 «\e. station. 12. Oakland.
rnOV. JOHN TILTON— Rheumatism, sprains '¦
rott.LliIg.. 4th fir., rmf. 4Ti-4T6; 10-12 m. 1-3 pi
TOR Mie— Millinery business established 9
¦yrarf. fine location: gr«at barealn. For par-
ticulars Inquire of MRS. E. E BANGS
Stockton. Cal.
?J7^GROWINO office business at cost; for
lady or pent: JCOO In eight; must sell' this
week. IJox 20$.*. Cell offire. Oakland. •
FOR «ale — Can<1y etore. factory «nd Ice cr**m
parlor or. principal street; established many
ye&ifc. IC42 Market Et.
GENTLEMAN would like a lady with email
• npital an partner In poultry business. liox
1773. Call offlce.
FOR tale— A pood store flttlr.R and carpenter
shop; half Interest or the whole thin*;; well
established. Box 1710, Call office.
TO !r«f; — Unfurnished, hotel. 21 rooms, rood-
t.arlrc bar. at Ha.n Rafael station. Owner, zi
Lyon et.. San Francit-co.
LAUNDRY route In largest and oldest estab-
lished laundry in city: $450. Address box
IS2S. CaU offlc*. _j - - -. ' .
KEAL ettate and busipess agency; offlce to
rent; fixture for tale. 906 Market Bt. rra. 8.
rOIt eale cheai>— A complete - patent brick
plant. Address Rldenhour Brick Co.. Hilton,
Sonoma County, Cal. "
I*
BUSINESS CBAXCES— COirrwrCED.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for tale. Apply
Call Business Of3ce.
FOR cale— Well improved vegetable garden
with etock and all farming implements on
easy terms.. Address box 1780. Call offlce.
STATE rights; up to date freezer; ice cream
in half-minute: $1000 required. S. SWEE-
NEY. French Hospital.
CANDY, cl^ar and et&tlonery store; laundry
cfPice: those meaning business. 603 Post st.
SALOON, ciRar etore and clubroom cheap; go-
ing to Alaska. HANSEN, 777 Market. st.
RESTAURANT and coffee ealoon: daily re-
cei pts a botlt <60. Call at place. 410 Kearny.
$5S0— CANDY store; choice location. Call 927
Market, r. 30?. 12 -m. to 1 p. m.. and 5 to 8:30.
$30 WINS 5300 per month at races: references
given. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 4.
LARGE Inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business offlce. ¦
A BRANCH office for CaU advertisements and
cubecrlpUons bas been established at 10M
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
, 13-ROOM Hat: downtown $SO0
14 rooms; on Mission Ft &00
60 rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 2C0O
18 roome; on Third *t 600
46 rooms; fine corner; clears $200 3oOO
!4 rooms: on Geary st: clears $160 1900
2S rooms: on Kearny St.; clears $150 1600
23 rooms; on Market et 1*00
12 rooms; clears $75...- 450
BOO others-Prices from $100 to $25,000.
MONEY TO. LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market: phone Mint iH.
j .MARION GRIFFIN. -' „.
719 Market st. near Call bldg.. Tel. black 1S0S/
Over f>co housps'for sale; please call; 10 rooms,
rent tZ>. income $W. J350; 27 rooms, nice. In-
come J2J0. fine furniture, owner leaving city,
reduced from $2600 to $1800: 17 rooms, n. Mar-
ket, easy terms, respectable. $708; 22 rooms,
rer.t $60. must be sold. $1000.
WINSTON & WOLF. 10C6 Market st.
The Leading and Reliable Brokers.
56 rooms: J25O cash, balance $10 month.... $600
T4 rooms: rent J60: a snap 1000
25 rooms; corner; rent $30 12W
37 rooms; cilices; money maker 2100
€0 rooms; rent $115: north of Market 2700
j 40 rooms: modern house; elegant 3000
j 1X)DGING-HOUSE buyers, notice! I have larg-
est list of lodging-houses and hotels; can suit
all buyers; title Riven with each house sold;
mcne,y loaned buyers: no f«ke prices; before
buying call and be convinced.
O. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Rooms 1-2, 917 Market st. ; tel. Mint 131L
C3 ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $130 13000
r: rooms; money-maker; near Market 1900
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.; extra.. 930
15 rooms; Lea ven worth ; rent $57 50 900
10-rooms, $150: 10 rooms, quick 8M
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
i A— ?S MCALLISTER ft. fine bay-window
house; the best neighborhood In the city:
finely furnished; handsome chiffonier, brass
and oak beds; clears J30 over rent; $2M cash;
JIM en mortgage; no agents. .
CALL and Bee our list of bargains in houses:
wo have them In any part of the city and at
eny price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S
Sixth st.
BUYING and selling ledging-houses. business
j r'aces a specialty; hcurs 2 to 4. HAYNES.
! 11 City Hall square.
' A SNAP— 6 rooms, bath: other conveniences:
steady roomers; going East; make offer. 413
Larkln st.
i JI4.1—H ROOMS: fine location: well furnished;
! all rented: low rent. BASILE. 3 Ed*y ft
jSOO—lS ROOMS eood furniture; rent $44; pays
well; always full; going away. Box 17S9. Call.
I TO buy or sell business chances or lodging-
I houses, gee ANDREW PRICE. SO Keamy st.
: SPIRITUALISM.
i MR!*. DR. FARNHAM. world -renowned splrlt-
I ual medium: advice in all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining: a specialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed.. Fri. ev's.
Comp and be convinced. Permanently located,
613 Eddy st. bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
] MME. YOUNG' S convincing test circle to-
nlKht: 605 McAllister st; 10c; come skeptics.
' MRP. EBERHARDT'S test meeting to-night.
| 3C50 22d St., bet. Mission and Valencia.
' MEETING to-night; convincing test readings,
1-5 p. m. MRS. MAXWELL. 1238 Howard St.
EARLE, 305 Taylor St.. corner EIIlc— Sittings
dally; feanee Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus.medium.llfe
reader, medical clairvoyant 1164 O'Farrell.
I MRS. GILLINGH AM— Hours. 9 to 4: meetings
I Tues., Thur, Sun. ; devel. Frl. eve. 305 Larkln.
! MRS. LESTER— Reading*. 50c; circle ev»ry eve,
j ex. Bat. 30c; devel. circle V.'ed. eve. 222 Turk.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer:
! readings daily. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
, ; MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
i healer and card reader. 146 Eddy St.
j C. Mayo-Steers, 112H Oak st. trance medium;
readings $1; hours 1-5 p. m.; tel. Howard 627.
; FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
j Meyer; Fittlwr" daily; test* to all to-nirht;10c.
¦ i — "^ »^ —^m
1 i CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and busings, medium. 17 Third Ft.,
next Examiner building. She reads your life
t-orrectly. gives an accurate description of the
past, reveals the present happenings and por-
trays events to occur ii> the future. If you are
In trouble, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fied in life, or have domestic, love or business
troubles, consult this treat medium and you
will be told how to overcome them. Valuable
Rdvice In all affairs ot life; 25c up; perfect sat-
isfaction guaranteed.
CONSULT the Quaker medium anii palmist: «he
will reunite you with your loved one; her ad-
vice can be relied upon In all business- affairs,
sales of property, oil. mines and lawsuits: do
vou want a better position? Coll and learn hov»
'to get It. MRS.E.SANDERS.1104 Market, r. 23.
MilS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Jt.. corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 23
and 18: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail: send Ft amp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— Eecosxi sight;
rtlagnoFes disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
K»>nts $': palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 123 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located IMS Market, op.
Cth. private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
iMMK. LAROSE. best Clairvoyant, card r^Rder,
free test* 25c up. 472 Stevenson St.. cor. Sixth.
MRP. VALEEN. palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader and magnetic healer. 215 Leavenworth.
MRS. Melvlll. well-known clairvoyant water
reader. U. eth;Oermau spoken ;tel. Howard 1S4S.
MRS. B. BAUMAN. the well-known fortune
teller, has removed to 222 Eddy et.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past,
prefect, future; 25c. US Sixth St., room 14.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1143 Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant, business me-
dium; mining a specialty. 215 Kearny, r. 8-10.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; ?5c. 7 Seventh st
MME. SYBILLE — Cradle to crave; future hus-
band's picture 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448% Jessie st.
MME. RAVEXNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names riven: 25c up. 5 Fnurth st
CARPET DEATIJfG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become di*gu*ted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, SC3-S57 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c.
ETRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL,. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 gutter St.;
tel. Main S94. OEO. WALCOM/ Proprietor.
CONKLIN'6 Carpet-Reatlns Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHIIIOPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, lnsrrown nails, warts, chil-
blains; painless cur*-. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES. 5
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Aprncy— No chars- un
less successful. Room 310. 827. Market st.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLIXIcr^09^Tan
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you car
have your extractions done painlessly; teetf
without plates our specialty; gold crowns
$3 5fi up: plates, extractions free.. $4 SO up; of
lice hours. 5 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to '.
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager
A— DISCOUNT of M i>itr cent for 20 days on al
plates, crowns and brtdgework. 6ee our nev
unbreakable plate, the Hose Pearl, warrants
for 20 years; crowns. 53 SO; fillings. 60c: plates
to. full Bet: all work painless and warranted
Chicago L'ental Parlors, 24 Sixth et . <
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144S Market, nr. Eleventl
—No charge for extracting when plates ar
made: old plates made over like new; teetl
J from $8 per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
as working housekeeper; city or country. 3
Seventh st.
SWEDISH cook would like situation to do
cooking or general housework. 111B Phelan
St., off Fourth.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day washing
or lronlns or house-cleaning; $1 per day. 444
Jeseia et'
KIND, competent ladies' nurse: day, week or
month; good cook and seamstress. ' Address
Nurse, 620 Van Ness ave.
AN elderly Protestant woman; first-class Amer-
ican cook; elegant baker; clean and careful;
small family: wages $3 a week. 770 Harrison.
COMPETENT old lady desires to keep house,
email family: no objection to children;
wages $10 to $12. Address 15S Fifth St.. r. 12.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman wishes a
situation to do light housework In American
family. 1604 . Howard Bt.
YOUNG lady wishes a place to work part of
the day; housework or sewing. Call 116A
West Mission Bt, near Thirteenth.
GIRL wants plain cooking and housework.
Apply 72 South Park; no postals.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes situation with
pmall family. 127 East Bt.
REFINED young woman of good education,
with taste fcr nursing, desires position In
doctor's office or caring for Invalid during
daytime. Address box 1771, Call offlce.
.VISITING governess ; English and German in
I- all branches; artistic pianoforte playing;
\ children and adults taught: city or country
engagement; credentials. Address MRS. L.,
box 1767. Call offlce. . . .
COOKJNG to do by young American woman
for 10 or 12 men. In country; will go to Ari-
zona or Oregon, or In the mountains; wages
$25 to $33. Box 1766, Call offlce.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third .Ft. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 night, $1 CO to $6
.week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore «t
. EMPLOYMENT WANTED- — MALE.
— ~- ,
GARDENER wants position: handy with car-
penter tools. J. II. EICHELBERGER. 417
Kearny st. .
YOUNG man wishes position as elevator
operator; can give first-class references. Ad-
dress E. M. W.. £64 Natoma st. ,
WANTED — Position as fireman or take night
nhlft on stationary engine. Box 1620, Call.
WOULD like to take charge of. rooming house
in popular part of city. Add. box 1786, Call.
A WILLING young man of good habits from
the country would like to Ket some work to
do. Address FRANK JONES, 737 Howard et,
San Francisco House, room 20.'
A SOBER, reliable, married man desires a po-
sition of any kind; is handy with tools and
a good engineer; good references. Address
box 1604. Call offlce. .
EXPERIENCED farmer and dairyman desires
position as foreman; good references. F. W.,
box €4, Benlcla. - - «
CHRISTIAN man needs work; Is sober, indus-
trious, energetic; understands care of ani-
mals; Is a handy man. 824 Bush st, room 8.
SOBER, steady. mlddle-as;ed man wants situ-
ation as dishwasher or kitchen hand In small
hotel, board! rig-house or restaurant Address
1785. Call office.
EXPERIENCED roan < and wife desire posi-
tions In- hotel; city or country;-no cooking*
references. Box 1772, Call offlce. ¦ ' -
THOROUGHLY competent . beekeeper desires
. to take charge , of apiary in good location.
Box 1781. Call offlce.
BARTENDER, German, good mixer, would
like pdsltlon; city or country.ibest of refer-
ences. Address G. M..' 110> Larkln st.
GOOD carpenter wants -work, either by day or
take jobs; rood references; give address. - A.
I>., Frultvale, Cal. "
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia Bt. ¦ ' .- *~ - ¦ •¦;...
.FUItMTUUE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in'oak:$4S 40. with No. 7
range. King; Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FUaNITUnB; WANTED. .
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc /see W. E. Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin :tel. Polk C94;
furniture & furn'd houses : bought ; spot | cash.
CHAS.' LEVY buys your ,. furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st ; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission ; «t..\ pays highest
price for second-band furniture; tel. Red 1354.
SEWING machine-' operators wanted at Levi
Strauss & Co.'n overall factory, 32H Fremont
et Apply to MR. DAVIS.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts and overalls at GREENE-
BAUM, WEIL & MICHAEL'S. 531 Mission.
LADY who knows something of Japanese art;
Falarjv Call between 2 and 4. room 5, 5 Mar-
ket st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
Market ft
FIRST-CLASS operators on pants and vests.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
(upstairs). -^
WANTED— Experienced operators on ladies'
waists. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market st
APPRENTICE to learn halrdresslng. 240
Stockton at
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker and finisher;
stendy work; good pay. 115 Rues st
OPERATORS and riveter3 on overalls. HEY-
NEMANN & CO.. ¦ .0 Mission st. ' - \
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. (upstairs).
EXPERIENCED buttonhole operators on
Bhlrts. BRENNER-ULMAN CO.. 19 Battery.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
in factory. 723 Market et.. rocm 35.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call Branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
isubscrlptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st -
HELP -WANTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. Phone Main 6S4S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Man and wife for Oregon, see boss at our
office, 9:30 a. m. to-day
Farmer and wife on shares, see boss here....
2 stablemen $25 and $30
Hostler, city stable $35
Buggy washer 3 laborers, city-
Boys for city factories $6 week
FARMS, DAIRIES, ETC
3 farmers : $25, $26 and $30
Man for chicken ranch, see boss here
2 farmers for vineyard $26
Piuntr and grafter, vineyard, fare 50c
2 pruners, orchard • $28
Cboreboy. $15 Choreman,* $23
Milker, Santa Clara County $30
Milker, north $35
Buttermaker and milker
10 men. to chop wood, make posts', ties and
pickets, tools and provisions furnished, to go
to-day, big Job : .-..
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay »t/»
A— COOK, officers' mess ....$50
Arm waiter, ' Nevada, faro paid..
2 waiters, country hotel ;....... $30
Bartender, country hotel, see boss here
.' * $20 and found
Porter, and drive bus, country, hotel $23
Old man, porter work .'.»•". ..$10
Bell boy, second cook, bedmaker
MURJIAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
A— WANTED ...... ........
Choreman for . ranch who understands rais-
ing chickens, $20; man for grafting and
planting orchard and vineyard, $28 and
board; 2 milkers, country, $30 and $25; la-
borers for sawmill, $26 and boerd. W. D.
, EWER t CO., 610 Clay St. - ;
!5 'HAMMER men. Chatsworth Park, free
fare; outside solicitor; helper : on wagon;
usher In theater: colored porter, saloon: bar-
tender. German: oyster opener; waiter; also
.cook. JOHNSON'S EMPLOYMENT OF-
FICE, 135 East st. telephone Main 1656.
CO REDWOOD tlemakers,- 9c to lie; 4 experi-
enced calkers for ¦ pipe line, $2 SO to $3 - per
day. California Employment Agency, 69
• Third Et. : .¦--. -. -. . -.' | ¦- .
A PAINTER; 2 first-class bricklayers: .non-
, union; no -offlce fees. Mechanics' Registra-
tion Bureau, 410 Kearny Et., room 9. - ¦*
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 28 Montgomery, room .12.
Colored ¦vyalter, |33; waiters, country, ?30.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union—
i Free employment: only recognized union. 113
Turk: - tel. : Folsom -1S83.V I. LESS. Secretary.
WANTED— Partner with $1000 to $1SCO in estab-
,¦ llshed manufacturing business investment:
' guaranteed; ¦ rare chance. Apply .at cigar
; store, 247 Fifth. St. .-.-.. , -.
STEADY, reliable man .with small- capital to
buy small coffee ealoon; clears $100 a month;
No. 1 chance for suitable party. -. Box 1613,
. Call offlce.
WANTED — Cash boys, 14 . years \ of age and
over. Apply at. HALE -BROS.. S79-9S7 Mar-
ket St., bet. 8 and 10 airm. , ;
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
• good opportunity to right man. • F. PERSON.
¦room -4 12. Parrott 'building. •--.¦--. ¦ •-,'
WAITER wanted; steady; wages $25. Apply
' immediately, Troy, Hotel, 506 Twentieth et.,
Potrero. „• • : , . , ; ,:--.j ¦:..',
FIRST-CLASS pantsmaker at ROSENBLTJM &
r ABRAHAM'S. : 1103 Market Bt. ."¦=.
'help wanted— male,
AT C. R. HANSBN & CO?S..Phone Grant 185
.......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..........
• Baker and pastry cook, hotel. $60; broiler,
t60; cake baker and omamenter. country
-'(hop, $50; starch lroner, 135; hotel laundry,
country; 6 bell and elevator boys, $10, $12 50
and $23
Blacksmith, country shop, $2 DO a day, see
boas here; foreman for solar salt plant, $3
a day. C. R, HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A — TWO stenographers and typewriters, i one
-for hotel and one for business house. C. R.
HAXSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Flrst-claes clerk for grocery and
bar; must understand the business; refer-
ence. Box 1790, Call offlce.
YOUNG man, strong and steady, to learn bak-
ing trade; some experience • preferred. Ad-
drfss Imperial Steam Bakery, San Jose.
POULTRY ranch hand; understands business;
German preferred; $25. 465 Tenth st., Oak-
land,, room 6/
AN experienced apprentice Job printer. 933
Market St., fifth floor.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS shaft miners. Call at room 302,
Call building, after 10 a. m.
BOY to run; electric elevator. CaU 11 Battery
Btreet.
WANTED— Good barkeeper. Corner Lombard
and Lyon sts., near Presidio; O. WEINHOLD.
WANTED — Wagon blacksmith. 637 Brannan
street
GOOD shoemaker wanted for repairing. 194}
Mission Et.
WANTED— First-class waiter at 29 Stockton
street.
WANTED— Upholsterer and carpet layer. 2103
California st, near Flllmore.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 25S First street.
BARKEEPER, German; none but quick, first-
class men need apply; refs. Box 17S8. Call.
AGENTS to take orders for custom ehlrts: city
or country: no experience required.- O. BER-
,'MAN. 48 Ellis st.
THOROUGHLY competent bookkeeper wanted:
city references. Apply in own handwriting,
box 1615. Call offlce. ••
WANTED — Good paying barber shop in coun-
try town immediately; cash. G. A. DAVIS,
102 E. Sonora st, Stockton. Cal.
SZO — PARTNER wanted In small restaurant: $40
monthly; no experience required. 496 4th st.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
$?. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet
1 Inch in height: able to read, write and
speak English. For further information ap-
ply Rt the Marino Recruiting Offlce, 40 Ellis
st, Ean Francisco, Cal. '
MEN OR WOMEN
Paid Bifr Commissions
. UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY, 21 Spear st.
WAN'iSD — Boys about 16 years of ase. Apply
nt Rope Walk, Potrero.
COAT finishers wanted at 21 Hayes st.
BARBERS — Transient barber shop for sale;
cheap. Inquire 222 .East st. "
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c. 15c and
20c. Boston House. 930 Howard st.
GET your shops half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d Ets.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
Inducements: catalogue free. MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. 662 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
BRIGHT men of good address; money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
9 a. m. at !02 Post st.
PENSIONS— J. II. Shepard & Co., old reliable
firm, 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry-
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
• carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth »t.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast, sec, 510 Golden Gate ave.
THREE fast road horse*: also some good
business horses at 721 Howard st.
A— 100 SETS, second-hand harness: wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1143 Folsom.
WANTED— Light covered delivery wagon,
horse and harness. Hoover. 1327 Market., r. 1.
JCO — TOP buggy, piano box, nearly new; bar-
gain. C32 Market st. room 6. . .
AN A No. 1 express wagon, cingle. also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. C32 Mission.
' ' . HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for ctr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
DC>WNTOWN~FLAT. '''~~~ —
.Four rooms and bath: modern and new: fur-
¦'nlture for sale: porcelain tub; rent $22 50.
Key. room 12S Murphy building, 1236 Market
SUNNY, -clean, newly furnished home. $10- a
month: 10 minutes from Chronicle. WILLIAM
BUTTERFIELD, Phelan building, room 42.
WILL rent all or a portion of a sunny, well-
fumlshed hoase of 10 rooms: gas and a coal
range; telephone; yard; stable. 614 Capp st.
HOUSE CLEANING.
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co., estab. 1890;
removed to 419 Devlpadcro rt.. tel. Fell 138.
LOST AND FOUND. ~
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Saving!
and Loon Society of San Francisco in th«
name of JOHN F. JACKSON or SUSIE I
JACKSON. No. 21S-444. Finder will pleas*
return to bank. . > '
LOST— Certificate No! 2S3 for 60 shares Occi-
dental Oil Co. Return to 122 Fourth st
reward.
LOST — A small closed gold watch and brooch
Return to Y. M. C. A. offlce, I Mason anc
Ellis sts., between 9 and 5 o'clock; reward.
LOST— In neighborhood of 809 Sansoma st.
Gordon setter pup, 6 months old; noddln;
liead. Return to above address and receivt
reward. - ' . . •
WILL the lady, who picked up the gold, pearl
• handled umbrella In the Orpheum Wednes
day afternoon please leave at Orpheum offlce'
liOST— Blue enameled ¦ gold watch, betweei
Hotel Colonial and Ellis and Hyde sts; lib
eral reward. D. SAMUELS Lace House Co
LOST — Lady's opal watch, surrounded by smal
diamonds, pendant frr.m a heart-shaped opa
pin, ¦ surrounded by pmall diamonds. Retun
to MR. WILLIAM CLAUSSEN, 803 Batter
st. ; liberal reward and no questions asked
LOST — $25 reward; January 30, Oakland o
Berkeley, lady's grold liuntlng-case watch, en
graved. L. K. Hay ward. Store, 4208 Pled
. mont ove.. Oakland. -
LOST— A bunch of keys north of Market- st.
between East and Kearny. .Finder will re
celvo liberal reward at 68 Second st.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O.- Nolle
Jeweler. 213 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason
OLD gold silver, diamonds and precious stone
bought.. J.-JEfe , JENKEL. 317 Market et.
A BRANCH offlce. for Call advertisements an
= subscriptions has been established at 109
Valencia St.
MATTIIESSES AND PILLOWS.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 792
• made to order, renovated: honest work guar
anteed ; feathers and hair cleansed ; flue up
holstery: expert carpet-cleaning and laying
HOPKE BROS.. 318 and 320 Eleventh Bt.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1SS7: reliable & con
fldontial; lists. 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 706 ElUs si
MEDICAL.
DR. : and Mrs. DA VIES. 122S Market. ¦ the welJ
¦ known ladies' specialists; 32 years" practlc*
perfectly reliable; a positive cure guarantee
. at office; patients treated can return sam
dav; those wishing to treat themselves shoui
Fend for the HINDOO HERB HOME TRHA7
¦ MENT, a sure cure: gives Instant relief; hanr
. ¦ less; any one can use It; stamp for circular.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, moved to 1018 Marke
' opp. Eth: world-renowned ladles' specialist
safe, reliable: practiced In San Francisco fc
•¦.years; treated thousands of cases successfully
treatment can' be used at home; consultatlo
; free. After all others fall call on him."
MRS. DR." ALLEN. 1033 : Market— Ladles' sp«
cialist: safe and sure cure, $5; best care; lc
fees; when all others fall consult free.
aiEDICAL. '
MRS DR. KOHL, 997 Market st. cor. Sixth-
Safe and reliable ladles' physician; 25 years
successful practice; positive cure guaranteed:
when others fall consult free. MRS. DR.
KOHL. ; ;
MRS DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 23 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
offlce: any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1OO7V4 Market, expert on dis-
eases Of women; 15 years' practice in S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; see free.
DR POPPER. MRS. DR LA TOUR, ladles'
sp'ecialists: new process; sure cure; no medi-
cine ;every woman her ownphy»1cian.323Keamy
MRS DR. GWYER. ladies' specialist ; home
for 'patients., 504 Eddy st.
BUNKS A.ND MIXING.
MINES bought and sold; also stocks In mines
and oil companies. Prof. John Tlltoa. r. 4,u-
476. 4th floor. Parrott bldg.: 10-12. 1-3.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALB.^
EOlLE^RS^l^nelne?. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, rnlrtors. showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon o^flts on hand
33 complete outfits on one floor ready made.
we can ship everything In Zi h °«"; ¦»•
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth: write for catalgoue.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for $5 down ami
$3 per month: write for catalogue and price
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st.: rentals, new machines. $3 per montn.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery. «n-
Blnes. boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Syar St.
FOR sale— 1 iron planer, almost new, size 32x32
Inches by 8% feet long. B2S Brannan st.. near
Fourth.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Apply at 216 California st.
A 15 AND 25 H. P. boiler; 8 H. P. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE. IS* Beaie st.
1 BARNES 8-in. swing lathe: 13 H. P. Hercules
rasollne eng.; 1 No. 3 Dow pump. 631 Mission.
GAS engine. 1 horsepower. $75: see at work.
Shirt store.. 535 Valencia st.
J3-SINGER sewing machine in good order. 1571
Market »t.. near Twelfth.
ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery St.. eell
at low figures all makes 2d-hand typewriters.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
2D-HAND steam, gas. oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. 516 Mlsjlgn.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern &ood3
bought, sold, exchanged. 100 Montgomery st
SAFES— New . and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving
pictures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and s<»cond-hand : all slsea. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pagea. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
SOME electric motors. 1 to 6 II. P.: state make
end time used and condition: must be cheap,
for cash. Box 1770. CaU office.
A — KLEIN pays best price for clothing, bric-a-
brac, old gold. 109 Sixth St.; phone Jessie 14L
WANTED— 2nd-hand naphtha launch; 2 or 4 II.
* P. A. J. Gustaveson. Berlin bids.. Tacoma.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 9SI Folgom: tel. Folsom 1191.
MONEY TO LOAX.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to Day on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their, frlendshlD: do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no-d'-lay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. V» Market St.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
serond mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in esttes, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle buikllng. HALLORAN & OLSEN
ANY amount at ft per cant; 1st. 2d and 2d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and le-gaeies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before dalnz business else-
where. R. 'MoOM.OAN._J!»JM™tgomejry J jr^
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
Bt. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 third st.
A— $SOO,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates: chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery at.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jonea.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamond,
watches, jewelry. "W. .J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, planes: no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 6S.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home-Bldg. Co., 222 Sansoma, rm. 2.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtg9; city, country; 6%: undl-
vlded Ints.: estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan.
THE TOUST-EY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market st.. room 1.
CASH lr/aned tt> salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
donwr. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
musical instruments:
AT agents' cost closed out Walla Walla ag'cy.
3 Stelnways $125. 1S6. 1324
1 Hallet & Davis $490
2 Chickerlngs $165, $233
1 Novella $85
1 Heine ..$292
3 Haynes (50 others) $235
We handle all -makes; agents for some old-
est and most famous pianos in existence.
Our new rent contract, rent or buy, $4.
Privilege to return or exchange at any time.
Hall.-t & Davis pianos, exclusive, oldest,
most famous. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary.
WANTED— Agents In every town; .write cata-
logues; wholesale prices. Heine Piano Co.,.
217 Geary st. . *
ANY person having use for a piano <5an be ac-
, commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable, makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from dato of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for J3. J4 and 15 per month. 8HER-
MANA CLAY & CO.. gteinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
.corner Broadway and Thirteenth St., Oak-
land. -.';"-
THE public have appreciated our very generous
cuts in prices by patronizing us liberally dur-
ing the great sale we have just been having;
eo many sales have been started but not yet
completed that we "-are going to continue tha
"cut" for a few days. In order that no one
may feel disappointed who Is Inclined to take
advantage of It; remember that all our pianos.
Decker & Son, Packard. Baumelster. Straube,
Arlington, etc.. etc.. are Included In the sale.
MAU.VALS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chlcapo 13 KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26.
28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
5 ORGANS, from $23 to $C0.
3 second-hand pianos, fmm $75 to $145.
4 new uprights from SlSC to J195.
Guaranteed: easy payments. BENJAMIN
CURTAZ & SON, 1G-1S-I0 O'Farrell st;
Chlckerlng agency..
ON sale— Steinway upright. $1SS. 217 Geary
St.. room IS.
FINE 3-pedal upright piano: standard make;
sacrifice; leaving city. 224 Golden Gate ave.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. AHen Co.. 814 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORMUXQ. 21* McAllister st.
A CLEARING out sale of pianos In storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage, 1710 Market st
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Ca. Byron
. Mauzy. Gabler and Spellman Pianos. JM Post.
SPECIAL SALE— Immense reductions; see ouj
leader, only $130. BRUENN. 208 Post.st. *
3-PEDAL upright: nearly new: bargain; pwnei
leaving city. 2233 Mission St. .
AT KEEFFE'S. 833 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own pries. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock in city: new pianos. $3 pex
month. SCOTT-CURT AZ. 660 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, .old and new. '11.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
CORNER store— "West corner Fourth and Perrj
¦ sts. ; occupied as grocery and bar for past *
' years; rent $20: water free..: Apply to O. H
UMBSEN & CO.. H Montgomery st.
CHEAP, light offices. Emma Spreckels build
inc. 927 Market st.
OIL. _
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pino atreet.
MEMBER PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANCJE.
Country correspondence solicited.
2M0 ACRES oil land: *3 to *3Cnt per acre. W.
C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood building.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River; proven territory: line of R. R-
N'twtnn. Carmen & Somes, r. 101. Chronicle.
I'AIVTERS A>D DKCOUATORS.
Wall paper, window shade* ; rooms papered. $3
up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth: open evenings.
TALMISTnY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. 'scientific palmUt. 513
- Taylor at., bet. Peary and Post: tel. Black 5»U
PATE.tTS A.ND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
OEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
- ', peiisosals. •
PAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 703 Flfth.Oakland.
DESERVING women needing aid on suits or
legal questions, address box 17S4, Call offlce.
HEALTHY boy or girl baby for adoption. MR3.
DR. FUNKE. 14IS Eighth 3t.. Alameda.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. D. RAY. K7 Jessla st.
FINK 5uits. $10: dress pants, $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHINO PARLOUS. 437 Montgomery St.;
open evenings until S o'clock.
ELECTRIC llglit In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third- st.. near Market: 700 rooms:
!3c ta $1 50 per night: $1 B0 to $8 per week:
free 'bus ami baggage to and from th» furry.
A— J3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 333 Keamy st.. near Fin*.
WHITE enamel Iron beds single, thre*-quarter
cr double. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton at., near Broadway.
WHY guess? You are certain of style and fit by
using Standard Patterns: February styles
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 1021 Market st
SUPERFLUOUS hair and mojea destroyed wlthi
electric needle. MISS EATON", 1113 Sutter »C
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wIks;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO., 723 Mkt.
DR LAMOTTtTS French Corn Paint. th» beat
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gnr
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
A 'WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The "Weekly Ca!!,
•18 pagea. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per yar.
PHYSICIAXS A.\D SURGEONS.
DH C C. O'DONNELL— Office and re*ld»«ne».
1021H Market »t.. between Sixth and Sgv»nth.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOIl SA»,B.
REAL ESTATE BAROAINS.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE KEARNT.
$2100— REDUCED FROM $2500. .
Four flats: rents $30: all rented.
J3C0O.
Four Cats; rents $JS: downtown, nr. Fourth.
JSCOO.
Three choice flats: near Post and Taylor sta.;
pay» 10 per cent; 27 fttt front: offer wanted.
$550O-HYDE-ST. CORNER.
12-room house; lot -JOxSO feet. ¦• ." <
$11. COO.
Butter St.. near Taylor: very cheap*
J70CO.
Flats: brand new; east of Van Ness »t».:
rents $72; all rented.
$14. COO.
Grand 14-room residence on Jackson st.
$11.CCO-REDUCT.D FROM $13,5C0.
Business property: same tenants for years;
store and roomlns house.
tis.ooo.
• Grand corner: Leavenworth at.; «0 feet front;
all rented for $125; mortgage $90C0 can remain
at 6 per cent.
$75.000-REDUCED FROM $S2.0C0.
Choice corner lot. 73-loot front; within half a
block of Market »t. ; with old Improvements;
rents about $400; the only corner that can ba
bought vicinity of Sixth st.
$12.0CO.
Rents $100; three new flats; choice locality.
$3),C0O.
Corner, 60-foot front; vicinity Butter st., east
of Hyde; grand hotel, cBice or roomlng-housa
tlte; rents $107.
$30.CC0.
137:6x123 feet.: northwest comer Clay cad
Couch sts.; cheapest and choicest residence
corner to be had; £rand panorama nlo view;
easily worth $40,0CO.
K5.000 INVESTED. ".'-
Grand corner; brand new bulldlnx; guaran-
teed lea«» pays J50O a month net.
J13.00O— VICINITY SECOND ST.
Corner 85x103 feet, with improvements; rent-
lns for $iiO per month.
This district is boorolnff.
JH.000— NEAR SECOND AND MISSION.
Lot 45x70 feet; rents nominal; a sure snap.
$:o.coo.
Sutter-st. corner; S7:BxS7:6: elegant Improve-
ments; rents $1800 per annum.
$33,000— REDUCED FROM $63,000.
Corner Mission and Fourteenth sta.; lot 170x
160 feet; tljree frontagts; offer wanted; must
* elL A. M. SPECK & CO..
~" C67 Market St., opposite Kearny.
Correspondence solicited.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
Choicest and jcheapest lota In thl« city.
We can positively flftlt you.
$73, $100, $200 and $300— near M!»3lon-st. elec-
tric car cr grand ocean boulevard; $5 monthly.
$3C0 to $900— Choicest graded Sunset, Nine-
teenth ave. boulevard and Richmond lots; $10
monthly. f - •¦¦»,-.
$750. $1000. $1300 to $2iC0-^Splendld cottages,
good locations near cars; all bargains. Must
be sold. Installments same as rent.
Branch office Ninth ave., sear H St., Sunsst.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM 54. CHRONICLE BUILDING.
$100 LOTS I1C0 LOTS J100 LOTS
Building lots— Lota for speculation, close to
car lines. In growing sections ot the city; buy
cne for the baby; buy another for yourself.
ONLY $10 CASH. $5 MONTHLY.
jlOOr-Nice level lot at Ocean View.
$230— SOxlCO; close to cars at Ocean View.
J173 — Twelfth ave., south of the Park; fina
views; 2 lots, each 25xl^>; snap.
$275— O st. and Ninth ave.; graded and,
fenced; worth $C0O.
5530— Corner Tenth ave. end O St.; south of
I th« Park.
$4i0 each — Chenery st. : fins building lots;
close to Th^rleth st.; Guerrero-st. cars pass
pioperty.
$173 each— Twenty-seventh ave., near Point
Lobos ave.; 2 cheap lots; KxlSO.
$400 — Stanyan st.. near Eighteenth: a bar*
gain; Btreet work done; close to th« Park.
LYON & HOAO.
11* Montgomery st.
A FINE marine view; lot sunny side of Union.
on the hill, close to Scott; 25x110; only S1S0O;
stone pavement, basalt blocks; all str«et work
done: ready for building: surrounded with.
gardens; cars pa»s: a fine purchase. W. J.
GUNN. 520 California St.
FOR the best located lots In Richmond and tha
cheapest, call on W. J. GUNN. 530 California,
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park then
call on W. J. GUNN. S30 California at.
SACP1FICE: departure from city; a new mod-
ern cottage, gas. gas grate, coal grate, enam-
el bath ar.rl sink, cold storage, cement tubs.
cranlte curb, Iron fence, cement walks. 321
Fourth ave.. bet- Geary and Clement st3. S. P.
CHEAPEST and teat la America— Tha Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any. address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, sells and exchanges
city and country realty; printed lists; Sono-
ma. Santa. Clara, Shasta and other counties.
WRITE J. W. HORN. S12 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma. Co. real estate bargains.
A WEEK'S news for S cer.ts— The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMCDA KEAL ESTATE
VERY special bargains: forwlosurs properties;
gesuine snaps: enough said, as I do not be-
lieve In extended ads. J. A. REMMELt Bay
station. Alamcda.
$G«— TO clcs» an estate; fln» building corner
lot. 40x100: bet. railroads: 2 biocks m*h.
Bchocl: street wrrk complete: bargain. S*>»
cwr.tr. A. O.ffTCRXS. 1501 Park St.. Alarncd-u
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IN the lovely Tfciley Scenic Park— Only 2
blocks from university grounds: two-story
house of 8 rooms; Just finished: fine corner
lot; only SCOO. JOS. J. MASON. Real Es-
tate, adjoining P. O.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS..
AN Introduction to you "f rom"*!? Schellhaaa th«
furniture dealer. Uta and Franklin, Oakland?P J Murtha.' Ohio
H.J McFarland. Ohio
A Llndcnberif. ¦ Sacto '
A G Brooks & w. Cal
C B Newbj'. Ind;
E P Dermer, Mont x
F W Bennett. Seattle
A Helstand. Seattle
A Foster, Seattle .'
F C . Uroit;- Tanforan
0 E Moorehead, Cal
£ *£ 9, ummln^ 8 - ut «h
O'Bell. Mont • ¦¦ '' •
W J Corbett * w. Uth
K Westcott, Soledad
W H Dally. Dawson
W : Drew, Ky .
Gen-C Gordon. Seotlnd
F Powell NY
W Anderson." N T
H Jerome. Ind
J Barber, . Ind '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G A Blrelow, -8 Matro
G W Dickie. t> Mateo
M J Gardner. Stktn
C Uodse, Oavls :
J B Ward, Carters
W L Crfan Cal
L Hasler & WJ Cal
It Benjamin. Napa
J Camcbell & w.Ariz
O A ¦Ware. "Williams
A Brown, Walnut Gr
G B Powers Yountvll
G Shurlev & w, N^Y
F Groteflnce. Redding
KB Butler. Fresno
F M Bybee. Idaho Flls
C E Welsman,- Idaho F
H J Whttlesey. : Wash
M D Cook & w. Colo
Hnrtr. S*Ule
W r B Hayne?. Seattle
I. D.nysn, ¦ Seattle
Mrs I Woodhaus. Cal
n ?. Moo^y. San Jose
1> C W Hodekln. Cal
J Ludes. Chicago
r J loU >' Alameda
Alameda !
"•», Adams, Eureka
v i
F HarkneSs, L An B
mi J a <;>t"on. L. Gatoa
M as L Cordes, Lathrop
Miss E Cordes. Lathrop
tx Peterson. Lnthrop
o «P^ he &.w. Cal
r? Vc VO^dinB. Sonoma
R McFadden. Stanford
Mrs f T McCowan,
Ukiah
E L Passmore. .Vf
E O Oole, Chicago
W D TllloUon. Keddne
Mrs K V«n Bremef
I New York
GUAND HOTEL,
PALACE IIOTKI>.
J Bollineer. Cal
C G Follis, Cal
J J Walerer, Chicago
F P Fitzgerald, Cal
J Marx, Cal
A D Curtis & w. ChgO
L M Hall. Oakland
W Lilndley, Kalamathn
M Drufi»s. Phlla
Mrs li Brlttan, Cal
Miss C Krlttan, Cal
C J Scnnobel, Ptland
J A Blum. Omaha
It H Saunders. Phlla
H f Adams, NY
H J Shlnn & w, Spokn
P A McCue. N Y
J J Charlcson Jr. AVis
C IV Ixange, Victoria
J-F Conrad, USA
K Durant, Rossland.
J Harvey. Leadville
G Gallet. Cal
Ft Colesrore. PI ;"-'iT
S-W liassett, Omaha
T V T ? I^ Roberts - U S A '
J E Terry. Sacto
Mrs L p Smith, Waeh
" S Palmer, NY
0 M Gottschall. Daytn
p S Jordan, Stanford
J BrouRhton. Butte I
S Urainard & . w
( Toledo
jH Harwood, Cal
« I Lufkin. St I»uiS
M Haralamb. Cal .
1 J Curson. Prtland '
n o Raymond Cal
« A Junker, l)el Mont
J Hatch. Ran Jose '
I ?, ?, att °n. San Jose
« 2.**PCreerj'. Cal
O Reuckmeycr, Hong-
w kOn|C
Mr and Lady Eva Dug
dale. London ,
C K TJrqjihart & w .
Omaha.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
The general committee of the Lincoln
Monument League held a meeting last
night at the California Hotel. The post
commanders of. the G. A. R. presented
lists of the veterans who' have been de
tailed to visit the schools on Lincoln day.
An effort will be made to have a repre
sentation at all the schools. A letter
from Secretary Long- wan received In
forming the committee that tho "Mohi
can" would participate in the celebration
and would fire a national salute. Reports
from the Interior show that the circulars
of the league have been -thoroughly dis
tributed. John J. Valentine has volun
teered to act as collecting agent and will
receive all donations from the interior.
If Hon. John W. Foster arrives In time
an effort will be made to have him de
llvcr the oration at the entertainment in
the evening, when the following woll
known people will render selections: Sam
uel Adelstein. J. Hushes Davis. Henry
Mclvin and Charles E. Taylor. Punlls of
the Emerson school and the Arlon Vcreln
will sing choruses. •
Lincoln Monument League.
G-eneral Acosta a Prisoner.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Feb. 6.— General
Acosta,, chief of the revolutionary move
ment in the Carupano district, is a pris
oner in the hands of the Government
forces.
Sumatra.
AMSTERDAM, Feb. C— Advicfa from
Batavla, Island of Jnva. capital of Neth
erlands Indies, says the expedition sent
nsalnst Samalanga, island of Sumatra,
has captured the Achlnese fortress of Ba
torlllk. The Dutch loss .was six killed
and forty wounded. The Achinese lost
seventy.
Success of the Expedition Ssnt
Against Samalanga, Island of
DUTCH TROOPS CAPTURE
. . AN ACHINESE FORT
Church in England. '
LONDON, Feb. 6.— HUdebrarid de Brito
Lyra, a relative of the President of Bra
zil, Dr. Campos Salles, was incarcerated
in an asylum for the Tisane to-dav after
committing a sacrilegious outrage In a
Roman Catholic church at Matlock Bath,
a bathing place two miles south of Mat
lock, in the County of Derby. Lyra sud
denly appeared in tho church during the
service, jumped over tbe altar rails and
attacked a statue of the Virgin Mary. A
priest seized the Intruder, who struggled
violently. Some time afterward he was
certified to being insane.
Insane Relative of President Salles
of Brazil Is Arrested in a
ATTAjCKS A STATUE
OF THE VIRGIN MARY
MANILA, Feb. 6.— Theodore Carranza,
r prominent and wealthy Spanish mer
chant and hemp and cocoanut buyer, was
arrested this afternoon charged with
furnishing supplies to aid the insurgents.
Carranza is also a partner of D. -M. Car
man, an American contractor and owner
of boats, who had considerable transpor
tation contracts with the Government.
The Provost Marshal and Secret -Service
officials have been watching a number of
merchants and transportation men ¦ for
some time past. The police officials have
had a long interview with Carranza and
the arrest of several merchants Is expect
ed to result.
At the close of the interview between
the police and Carranza. the latter was
placed In continement. in the Andu-street
police stntion. Carman was arrested to
night and after considerable questioning
was sent to 'the same station. The men
are charged with the conducting of the
business of buying copra (the dried kernel
of the cocoanut broken up for export)
from insurgent presidents at Pagsan.ian,
in the eastern extremity of Laguna de Bai,
and also with paying assessments for tne
insurgent cause. The evidence adduced
to-night was to the effect that ths prison
ers have supplies of the striped clothing
used for insurgent uniforms. Both insur
gent prcsldentes who claim to have dealt
with Carranza and Carman are now Im
prisoned in Manila. One of them, Fabel
la, fears hanging because he was captured
fts an insurgent after having sworn al
legiance to the United "States. He made
strong statements intending to implicate
Carman and Carranza and confirming the
.statements of. Reich, who became presl
dente of Pagsnnjan after Fabella's arrest.
The police have letters and verbal state
ments from Carman, who sought Fabel
la's release, saying that he was a pat
riotic American subject. - According . to
papers found both the presidentes are
culpable Insurgents. Carranza and Car
man admit trading with the Insurgents,
but deny contributing to their cause or
furnishing them with supplies.
. Carman is one of the best known Ameri
cans in Manila. He has a monopoly of
carrying goods going through the Cus
tom-house ashore from the snips and has
made a great deal of money. He possessed
the confidence of General Otis.
Other Manila merchants are being In
vestigated.
Charged With Dealing With
and Aiding Insur
gents.
TWO MERCHANTS
UNDER ARREST
The ninth annual benefit In aid of the
charity fund of San Francisco Lodge No.
21. Theatrical Mechanics' Association, will
take place at the Columbia Theater next
Sunday afternoon.
<cj "1^-jvDeiiie Wldor
Mrs. Henachel.
Duet from, "De Xouveau Seigneur de Vil
lage" ....Boieldteu
Mr. and Mrs. Ilenschel.
* • • •
Leopold Godowsky. the phenomenal
pianist, will begin his series of three re
citals at Sherm:m-CIay .Hall on Tuesday
afternoon next. His appearance Is await
ed with highest interest In musical cir
cles. The sale of seats begins to-day at
Sherman-Clay's music store.
Bongs — (a) "Nachtlgall" (from Op. 97).. Brahms
(b) "Therese" (from Op. 86) .... Brahma
tc) "Die Rose" (from Op. 7) Dvorak
(d) "Auftrage" Schumann
Mrs. Henschel.
Five songrs from the Cycle, "Die Wlnterrelne"
-'• • Schubert
(a) "Der Llndenbaum"
<b) "Die Krahe"
(c) "Letzte Hoffnungr"
(d) "Das Wlrthshaus"
(e) "Dcr Lelermann"
Mr. Henschel.
Duet from "Elijah" Mendelssohn
Mr. and Mrs. Henschel.
Songs— (a) "There Was an Ancient King"..
Henschel
(b) "A Lullaby" .' Henschel
(c) "Where be Goln?" Old Cornish
Mrs. Henschel.
Songs— (a) "Dir Asra" Rubinstein
fb) Two Venetian boat songs. Schumann
(c) Ballad. "The Erlklng" Loewe
Mr. Henschel.
Songs— (a) "Les ¦ Herceaux" O. Faure
(b) "Crepusculo" Massenet
(c) "IVAbellle" Wldor
Arias— (a) Come racKlo dl Sol (1670) Caidara
(b) From "II Maestro dl Musica"
(1710) Pergolesl
(c) From "Don Calandrlno"...CImarosa
Mr. Henschel.
This afternopn the second of the Hen
schel recitals, at Metropolitan Temple,
with the following charming programme
will be given:
Duets — (a) From "Joseph" Mehul
(b) From "Richard Coeur de Lion"..
Grety
Mr. and Mm, Henschel.
Besides the everyday bill at the Chutes
nnd Zoo to-night's programme includes
the amateurs In "A Brownie Show."
Kathryn Osterman and the Nine Nel
sons are headliners at the Orpheum this
week. Other new names on the excellent
programme are Murray and Lane and the
Empire City Comedy Four.
• » » •
At Fischer's AH Zada is the chief at
traction, and other names on the bill are
Dalton and Lewis, the Marcos, Godfrey,
Lillian Levy, Cunningham, Harvey de
Lain and the Fairbanks brothers.
The Central Theater Is' doing good busi
ness, this week with "A Daughter of the
Million," a melodrama of most melodra
matic kind, with a more than • usually
clever arrangement of the usual melo
dramatic situations. The whole company
is well cast, and this, its first hearing in
America, is a not inauspicious Introduc
tion of the play. Next week, "After
Dark."
Marie CorelH's latest protege, the sor
rowful Satan, is still finding sympathisers
at the Alhambra Theater.- "The Sorrows
of Satan" will be followed by SouSa's
band.
A strong presentation of the E. S. Wil
lard success, "Judah," is being given by
the Alcazar company this week. Miss
Llla Convere Is excellently suited in the
role of Vashti Dethick. The new leading
man. Joseph Kilgour, has found much fa
v.or with Alcazar audiences. Next week
"A Night Off" will be put on.
? ? «
. "Nell Gywnne," the pretty Planquette
opera, has caught on at the TIvoll. An
nie Myers, as. Nell Gywnne, Maude Wil
liams, Georgle Cooper as Marjorie. Almee
I^elcester and Julie Cotte are all well
heard in their parts: and with Tom
Greene. Joseph Fogarty and Arthur Boyce
tunefully to assist, Ferris Hartman and
Edward Webb keep the funny • business
going. "The Wizard of the Nile"- will fol
low.'
"A Midsummer Night's Dream," with
Liouls James and Kathryn Kldder in the
leading roles. Is in its second week at the
Columbia Theater.
"Tess of the d'Urbervllles," In which
Jlrs. Fiske has proved herself one of the
greatest .players on any stage, is crowd
ing the California Theater nightly with
an army of admirers. Only second to
Mrs. Fiske's performance in point of In
terest Is the work of Miss Francesca Lin
coln, an Oakland girl, whose Marian
shows her to be easily capable of much
more important roles than those In which
we have had opportunity to see her.
"Tess" will continue this week, and will
be the bill for Monday. Tuesday and Wed
nesday nights of next week. On Thurs
day. Friday and Saturday nights and at
the Saturday matinee next week Mrs.
Fiske will revive "Becky Sharp." ¦
and Tivoli, Too, Are .
Crowded. 4
"Judah" Is Scoring a Big Success at
• the Alcazar, and the Orpheum
Mrs. Fiske's Dramatic Talent
Proves an Attraction at
the California.
"TESS" DRAWING
LARGE AUDIENCES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1901.
11
!>?.>' Now York and Antwera.
From , New Tork . Every Wednesday, ' 12 r.oon.
Kensington .....Feb. 1* Southwark ...Marsh «
Koordland ......Feb. 20 Westernland ..March 12
Friesland Feb. 27 Kensingtorv ...March 20
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coajt,
M Montgomery street.
RED STAR LINE.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. .)..>
From New Tork E^-err 'Wednesday, 10 a-'-m.
Kensliicton Feb. HlVaderland ....March 4
Bt. Louis... Feb. 20 St. Louis. March 13
Kew York ..Feb. 27IN«w York..... March 10
AMERICAN LINE.
¦jfEW.TORK. BOnTHAMPTON. LONDON. PA211
Tuesday. Anrll 9. 1BC1
¦ ..Tuesday. February 19, 1D01
SS. AMERICA MARU.... Friday. March 13, lwi
SS. HONGKONG MARU......../.....; ,
Tuesday. April 9. 1SC1
Hound-trip tickets et . reduced ratss. For
freight. and passage apply at company's ofllee.
421 Market street. cotT.er First."
W. H. AVKRY. General Agent.
CTEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
O ner First and Braimnn streets', at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, falling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nasasaki- and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong wltu steamers for
India: etc. No carso received en board on day
of sailiiiB. ¦
6S. NIPPON MARU
TOYO RISEN KAMA.
OCEAN TEA VEIL.
KATT.WAY TRAVEL*
Resting
Yet
Kunniflg
made possible ov/ the
• famous train over the
Santa Fe— 75 hours
to Chicago.
California
Limited
sodtkrm rAfiriti tonriiT.
(FAOirio sirrcu.)
Tralaa l*i»v* nn.l nr« •!¦*• to MrVIv* s>«
MAM nUMCIMU.
- (M»!a Li:ie. Foot of Uarkel Strati) <*
XJIATB — F»OM JASUABT 1, 1901. — *»*!?«
7:30a Benicl*. Suisnn, Elmir*. V»oa»lll9.
Ramsey and Saoramento 7tlSp
¦5:30a Dark, Woodland. Knight* Liadlnf.
H.rjifille. OrofliK. 7<«Sp
• TiSOa Atiantio Kxpresa— Ogden and Eul 12;13r
S:Ui»* Martinez. San ICtmou. Villejo. Kapa,
C»il«u»ea »ud aaats. Bom «il3r
N:UUA >*Het. Lireraore. Tncy, L*thxop,
. - Stockton TilSr
¦>3Oa Sbvru ( ipress— D»rU, WlUlun* (tot
BtxtUtt SpriDS)), Willows. Rod
Illufl, Portland. 7ii3r
¦ i30i Sail Juie. Lltermote." Stockton. ¦>
lone, Sacramento. Plaeertllla,
M«ry«»l!l«. Chico. Kelt lituff 4il!tp
HiS»a Oakdtkle. Chinese. Sonor*. Cuter*... 4tlSr
1>:UWa HajwarUs. Niks and War HUtioos. lli»«
UiUO A Los Angeles Exvrtss — Mmrtinei.
Tracj, Lathrop. .Htocktim. ilsrceU
Frenuo and Los Aniwles 7:1.1 r
!it:iu* Vallfin. Martlnesaml VV»y Station* ai43p
IUiOOa Th« OrerUud Llmited-Ogden. D»
¦ t», Oruaha. Chicago •!•»!»
1I:OOa Nilcs, Stockton. Haeramento. Men*
dot*. Fresno. Iiantord. Vbalia,
PcrteniUe 4il3»
It <OOa LWermnre. Baos«r. Goahan Juno-
Uuo. Bikenfield, Lot Anseles
tliOOr SaciaineiitH i:i»er Steamer* {aiOftA
:i:<top l{a;wwls. NiUs and Way Stations, at 1.1 r
4-.onr M»ttinex. Hail lUinm.. Vallajo.
• Maim. C»!i«t««a, Saala llosa «>it3a
4i«or IJ-uici*, WlBlers, «acr»incnto.
Woodland, KnlnliU lauding,
M>TT*tlll«>. OiotUla 10:11 »
4*at*r H»r»*rd«. riHoaami Sun.loie jAt4^A
SiROr NUes. U»enaore. S»oekt^o Lodl ... I«>»45a
«3:OOp Bao»et Limited. El Paso. 2«sw
Orleans m<l K*it clOtlS*
3:«OrTli« Owl limited— Tr»CT. Fresno.
lMkersoeld. 8»ngna fur bauU Bar-
bara. Ix>a AoKeles. 1»:I-1»
9 tOOp New Orl-ant Ezpraas— lla>ker»l>«ilJ.
.SmiU ll.irbtr*. Log An*rle». Deu>>
Inc. £1 1*»'O. New Orlaaus and
East 7»4!»»
. «l:O(»r Harwaxds, NIleiaudHau Joac T « « -¦» a
1*:O»i- V»II«J<» lit*.!*
UiOUr OrienUl Mall-Ogilen. Cheyenne.
Omslia. Cul<r»go ltUSt
«:OOr Oriental Slail— Ogden. Denter.
Omaha. Chi<ngo. 41>I3r
TiOOr (jreaou ami Caliii>rnlA K«|««««,M«>
MuisiiIiil Mariatlllv. Ba»MW
I'lKllalMl, Piigttt H.Mii.d kihI Kask ":I5»
«i»5r?in Pib'.o, P»it CuaU. JlirtiaeJ ",-*
ami Way SUtiuus 1 1:4»*
;<:«5r V»ll>).i irfSf
CO AST I>1 V1MON (NiirroiT UaMge).
(Font ntM:irket .Street. >
(1:1.1a Newark. CVntBrTllle.Haj.lose, tVltmi.
Uoiil(!erCrt;ek.8aiita Crux and Way
(StattoM ••-• ••»•»
tatlllp Ncw*rk, CentetTlile. Ban .loan, N»w
Ainivlen. tVlti.n, I'.nuliltr Cr«wk.
Hanta t.'iiu anil l'rluolpal Way
Stations f •••»••
4il.1p Newark. 8»ti Jo««. Lcs Gatos SjSOa
a9>3Op Ilnnten* Exsnnton. San Jcso and
WaySt%tions . !•»•»»>•
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnsSll fHiSCISW— r.it .f lafial Strut (SI:? !) —
ft-JM 9:00 11:00a.m.- l:0» S:0O (:13p.m.
From Oakland— Foot of Broadway. — 19 tS t3;0»
10:(Ca.rr.. :2:C0 1:00 4:00p.m.
COAST DlTtHIO!! (IlroaJ <<anff«t).
( Ihlnl niMl Tovrnwml St» )
1 t«:IOA Ocean View, ooutn Man Krauct»e».. I'"* 1 "
«iO»A Hau Jom> and Way HUU..ii» (Sow
Almadoii Wo.>ii««lajsonly)...:~. li»l»»
•>••* Hau J.im. Tr«i Hiiiw. Hm.U t'r.is.
r«i-ii'.c Bw» !'»*•> Kolilra. Han
l.iiia OUiaiMt. Hnrf. I-ouipoc aitd
l'rinaipal War HUthms J»«J»
IflilO* San J.«» ami Way MUtiont «'»»»
I U3»a Sau Jom W«1 Way MUtii«is ..••..•• 8 ' ao »
t'Ji'lSr Ban M»tro, lUdwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Cl»ra.-Ha» .»<«*.
Trea Plnos. S»it» Vwin. Sallaaa.
Moulerey a».l l'aciflc r.r»T9... v . t»»«5"»
f:i::twps»n.lutaan<l Way 8UUoi.s IfTi*
HilSr Sa 0 Jo.e»ii.JPri«oipai Way Station. »:15»
tStworSan Jo**. Los Gatos »nd rriudpal
I Way Stations t J t ??*
I atSBp San J<n« au.l Principal Way Statioue »=•*•»»
1 fi«:i»p 8an Jose »u.l Way. StatiiMis 'I 1 ,,.*
I ail;l5pS>n Jweaint Way 8tatii»us «:3'»P
A for Momlnc. i« for A (terrwwn.
| t Hm..l»r Biorpted. X 3«ndai COW.
'' j Mondays. Wedoe»aa,y«, Fttaays-
I c Turidtys. Tbuwdaj*. Saadaja.
j a S >.tur«lay only.
j — ;
CALffOBSU RDRTBWE5TEEN BY. Ca
LESSE23
SAS FRAKGISCO AND N.BTH PACIFIC -
RAli-ViAY CO.WPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St
•*»nn Francisco tn Ssn R«fi»*T.
TIBUKON FEKRT- FOOT OF MAKKET ST.
"WKKK DATS— 7:30. »:0O. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35. »:J0.
6:10. (:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at ll:M
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlpa at 1:50 aa4
11:30 p. rn.
SUNDATS-«:00. »:S». 11:00 a. a.: 1». t:M. S:0».
(:!0 p. m.
' 8an ISafa-st to S»n Francisco.
WEEK DATS-«:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:49.
3:49. 5:13 v. m. Saturdayt-Eztra trips at 1M
and C:3S p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: l:«0. 1:40. J:0».
C:2S pl m.
Between San Frmnelseo aad Schustxen Park.
same, gchedule as above. ¦
Leave [ In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Not. 1. U00- I San Francisco.
Week I Srin- 1 I Sun- I W«el*
L'ays. I Cays, f Destination. I days. I Pays.
7:$0am %:«> in Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 an
I:» pm J:S0am Petaluma. «:05 pm 10|K am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa. Rosa. T:SS pmj %:ti pra
Fulton.
1 jo am Windsor. 10:33 *a
Healdsburr.
Lytton.
Geyservitle.
S:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm g:2t pm
7.30 ami I Hopland I I
I 8:00 am] and Vlt\&b. \ 7:35 pm| 1:12 pm
7-SOam ~ 10:23 *a»
S.-00 am Guemsvllle. 7:25 pm
» -.30 prn . <:g pm
7 30 era 8:00 am Scnoma t:lS am S:t0am
and
. 5:10 pm .S:W pm Glen Elian. <:05 pm I:M pm
7 10 am! 8:CO aral . 110:40 amjW.SS am
3:30 pm I 5:00 pm I SebastopoL I 7:35 pm| *:tt pm
7 Stages connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark Weat
Eprlcgs and White Sulphur Springs; at Pulton
! for AUrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: it
| Oeyservllle fcr Skasrs Springs: at Clo-verdal*
[ for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
I Springs. Highland Springs, Kelsejrvilie. Carl»-
bad Springs. So»Ja Bay. Lakeport and Bartlft?
Sprir.Es; at Ukiah lor Vichy Pprlngs. Sarato*»
1 Spricss. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
I John Day's. Riverside. L.terley*s. BuckneU «.
! Sanhefirin H«!eht!>. Hull villf . Orr's Hot Springs,
i Mendocino City. Fort Brass. Westport. Usal.
Wllletts. Lay tonville. Cummines. Bell's Sprlnf ».
Harris. Oisens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to an points
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market st.. Chronicle build-
in*. R- X. RYAN.
H. C "WH1TIXO. Gen. Pass. JUrt.
Ren. Manasrer.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS 9:U a. ra. : 1:43 aad 4:00 p. ra.
SUNDAYS S.'OO, 10:00, 11:30 and 1:15 p. nu
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and return.
' W 4%
I KiTOT TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEX.
Ticket nfrtee". «H Mirkrt »t.. «^w»)illtr» F«rry.
y^"""**^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
MmctiSM <5— (> KE.4BSV ST. Established
rWiP'>r*i i " ***•*•• for tlle treatment »f I'rtVHtnt
rflrK. *gW Disj-Hxes. Ixwt ManJUMnl. Debility or
Bft£*V&fl^ ll^-as^ w*>:irii;ffnn t>o(lyanil mind and
*v •ml»T*a > ' kin l>is««»es. Thp Doctorcureswhcn
fail. Try htm. Charges low.
Cull or writa.
Dr. J. F. VIBBOX. »au Francisco, Cal.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
flK Steamers ' leave - Broadway
ftbt - wharf, tan Francisco.
VJ?a>-~. £"or Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
ePhSIL. Keb - E - 10> 13> Io> 2y> March 2 -
KpKjJS^, Change to company's steamsrj
felik*jljill For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
«qjj3w£3Xs| C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
i^^^^l Tacoftia. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom <V."3sh.)—
¦ 11 a. m., Feb. 6, 10, 15. 20, 23,
March t. and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Taeoma
to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay—* p. m.. Feb. 2.
7. 12. 17. 22. 27. March 4. and every firth day
thereafter. • -
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Lea Angeles nnd Redcndo <Loa An-
«;ele3)— Steamer . Queen. Wednesday*. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundaytr, 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (Pan -Luis Oblspo). Gavl-
ota. Santa Barbara, Ventura.* Huenem*. San
Pedro. East San PeOro (Los • Ang-rles) »nd
Newport— Steamer Cortna. Fridays. 9 a. m. :
steamer Ronlta. Tue3<iays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Miff-!a!rna Bay. Pan Jrs* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santii Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mm.) — 10 a. m- 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folder*.
The company repervs* the right to char.*?
tteamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing.
without previous" noM"**. ¦
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New MontroirSery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PKRKIN3 * CO.. Gen. A«t§..
10 Market nt... S.in Francisco.
THE 0, R. & B, CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMEIIS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CAQC $12 First Class ' Including Berth
iMn". $3 Second Cias* arjd Veals.
COI.UMEIA Sails ...Feb. t. 12. 22. Mar. «
Gt:O. W. ELDER Sails. ...Feb. 7. 17. 27, Mar. 9
Short Line to Walla, Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and . all points in the Northwest.
"hrough tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General. A«r«nt.
630 Market St.
I SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti .\..
Monday. February 11, 12 noon
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. February 13. at 9 p. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. February 23. 2 p. m.
I i. 0. SHEKELS & BEOS. CO., Btnera! Agents. 327 Karkst 31
Sea'l Paatngsr OHta, 643 Uarkat St., Pfer la, 7. Paciih St
PANAMA R, R. S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. flO.";: Steerair*. $-tO.
S. S. Boanoke sails Tuesday, Feb. 19.
S. S. St. Paul sails Tuesday, Karch 5.
S. S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March 19. j
From wharf, foot of Fremont st.. 'at 2 p. in.
Freight and pa**enser offlce. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast A cent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIQATIOX CO. AMD
C0MPANIA SUD AHE3ICANA DE VAP0RSS
To Valparaiso, stopping 1 at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. From section No.
1. Seawall. Palling:
S. S. GUATEMALA February S. 1W1
S. S PALKNA February 20, 1301
S. B. COLOMBIA March 7, 1901.
S: S. TUCAPEL March 20. 1901
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passeniter service.
(No chanse at ArapUlco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 31R California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
COMFAGrnS GENERALS TRAKSATLAXTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE Tp HAVRE-PARIS. *.<mm,
every Thursday. Instead of <Su£rn
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. - ;a *X?<-jr*
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. $55 and upward. Pecond class to I
Havre, J45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. M
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. TlckJts
pold hv all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND KIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. \\m YARD AND VALLEJO.
StearHr "*'n-? : f?'ir"
JION., Tues.. "Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex, Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and S:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 1
p. m. Laodlncr nnd office. Mission-street Dock.
Pi»r N'n. j Telephone anin l^iS.
RAILWAY THAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Der>ct.
I Local lLlrn'd lOvrl'd! Ivjcal
I Dally.! Dairy.) Dally. Dally.
Lv. Fan Fran] 7:20 a »:00 a* VOO p | 4:20 o
Ar. Ftccktcn 110:25 a 11:45 a 11:03 p I.ti p
" Merced". JH:23p 1:17 p l:lSa .'..
•' Fresno ' -..I »:K» p t:Zi p 3:05 a
" Hanford .1 4:« p S:»7 p 7:0« a
" Vlialla .. 4:10 p 4:l'> p 4:« a
•' Tulare .. 4:JTp 4:27 p 8:03 a
•• BlcsfleM . «:50 p 8:20 p 7:Jaa
•• Kan. City 1:41 a "r.SHu.
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
ii for mornlne. D for afternoon.
5:00 a. m. train l« the California Llraltsd.
Carrylnir Palace Pleeplntr Cuts and Dlnlnr
Cars thrcueh. to Chicago. Chair Car rum
to Daker«field for accommodation of Incal
f.r^t class passengers. Na second cla^s
•tickets ore honored on this tratn. Cor-
re.«pondin.s train arrives at 5:33 r». m. dally.
4:*0 p. m. I* Stockton I^ocal. Corr»»po.nd-
Inu train arrives at ll:«5 a. m. dally.
8:09 p. m. Is the Orerland Express, with
throuch Palace »n<J Tonrlut Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. ts Dakersfleld I^ocal. stopping
at all points !n San Joaquln Valley. Cnr-
re!«ponc!lnfr tr»ln arrives at 8:40 a. m. «lally.
Offlce"— 641 Market street and In Ferry
D»pot, San Francisco; 111S Broadway. Oak-
lnr^. *£:
]CHICACO~\
In LESS ' Aan
\ THREE DAYS
San Francisco At 10 A. M.
Chicago, Union Pacific
& North-lVcstern Line i
T~\ OWBLE Draving:T{oom SUeiing
J j Cirs; Buffet, f nuking and Library
-*-^ Carsivciih barhr. Diit'nz Cars —
I meals alt card. TDat'lr Tourist Car
Service and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions tz:rv vctek' from Sin Francisco
a. 6 p. m. . The best cj tverrthing.
n. n. Ritchie:
617 Market £t General Agent Paeljlc'cbatt
Palace Hotel SA -V rEAXCIiCO
HOBTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. Via Scosallta Ferry. ¦
Commtndnt' September SO. 19*).
FKOil s»A>f FKA.N CISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAM RAFAEL.
WEEK E>AYS-6:K, »9: 13. 11:00 a. a., 'VAi,
315 4:O<>. B : lB. ¦•«:!$. C:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill ValUy and San
Fafael on Mondays. -Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:33 -p. m. «
SUNDAYS— *S:HV 'IOiOO. .'11:33 a. m., •i.-ij,
115. N:45. «:S0, J:w) p. m. '
•Trnlns marked (V run to San Queat'n.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN* FltAJCCIScO.
WEEK DAYS-S:M. •!:», 7:45. 9:30 a, m
•1^301:45, '3:50. 4:30. 5.10 p. m. ™-
FXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays
and "ftoturttayi at 6:45 ahd 10.13 p. m. waai^
•IMO, «2:15. 4:45. *«:30 p. ». "*'
Train* marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DATS-5:43. «:U 7:55. 9:») a. m
12-25. 2:10. 3:39. 4:54. 5:20 p. m. ™ #
EXTRA TRIPS _ on ? Monday.. Wednesday,
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. in.-
¦ SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:01 v a., m.. 1T:35. 2:li i-m
5:00. 6:45 p. m. - - , '. ~
THROUGH . TRAINS.
C:5$ a. m. week days— Cazade.-o »nd wt -
statlons. . .
- 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and ¦wm.r
stations. ¦ .......... . *
8:C0 a. m. Sundays— Tor; ales aad way
' ttatlons.
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association -
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. . Dominic's Church
Bullilingr Association, and for the parents ami
relatives of living; members, will he sung in
St. Dominic's Church this day (Thursday),
at 9 o'clock.-'
(CKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 403
Powell street, near Post. Members of Seven
Pines Circle No. 3, ; Lndies of the G. A. R..
are respectfully Invited to attend. Interment
National Cemetery. ...
WOODWORTH— In this city: February 6. 1901.
Cornelia J. ii., wife of Rev. James AVood-
worth. daughter of the late Weston F. Birch,
and sister of James T. Birch of St. Louis,
Mo. 1
(n7"Remalns at the funeral . parlors of
Charles H. Jacob <fc Co.. 818 Mason street,
between O'Farrelt and Geary, Kotice of fu-
iiera! hereafter.
WARNECKE— In this city, February 4. 1901,
Hermann Warnecke, a 'native of Germany,
areO "C years.
ID^Friends and acquaintances and members
of above order are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 2
o'clock, from tho funeral parlors of Theodor
Dierks, 957 Mission street, between Fifth and
Sixth. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
TALCOTT-In. this city. February 6, 1901,
Harvey D. Talcott. beloved husband of
Georgia S. Taleott, and father of John and
Dorathy Talcott. a native of Herklmer
County, New York, aged 3C yeara 10 months
and 12 days.
> ETTrlends and acc'Jaintanees . are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.; 313 Mason
srtect, between O'Farrell and Geary-
SCHWARZ-In this city, February 6. 1901,
Richard, beloved husband of Ellue Schwarz,
and father of Tillie. and Freddie Schwarz. a
native of Thurlngen. Germany, aged 51 years
5 months and 21 days. A member of Golden
West Tent No. 5S, Knights of the Maccabees.
feldt, father of ' Fred, Lizzie. Minnie, War-
ner and Annie Schoenfeidt, a native of Prus-
sia, aged 53 years and 9 months. (San Jose
papers pltase. copy.) . .
I'AKLAXD ADVERTISEMENTS. ! ;
uFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
itAKI-AM) RKAL KSTATE.
: r.\<]l. ta'.ance Ji; T.O m.-.nthly till paid—
<¦. ;tase cf 4 large rooms; v.ica bixh ba*e-
meat: Uriel: founilat:cn«; iarjre new t.nrn:
:'r<.- <hicken-hi.UKes. 4 fine brooslerW-5. chicken
f!;il> and dlSckra runr: plenty of BM v.atcr:
i.t-ar o '.'ne fchoo'.h.iuse, wide avense and
L* u'evard: IVi acret-, moie or lesr. o'.l fencel:
Bite, i:i!^:a.tc and toll the very test; this Is
:. 1 ro;-»-iiy well \v<jrth seeing. fiJ"i I" - very
¦/.-.'ra.l l*-p.i:n; with n. nlc* young fruit or-
• 1 '.n lit«.r'.r.£: price, ail told. J1S0O. Call ;
• r rerul tor circular fcr •¦heap lets. 4^0 Sev- j
. r.tii Ft., OaV:laii>l. Umsdvia" station; car- '
rla«e fre*. H. '/.. JON1CS. owner. j
SACRIFICE; dej-arture from cliy: 2 cottae«?s !
;.'vi tot SCxl90; 1 modern 7 rov.r;;s. furnislit-d. 1
faraJtura near, gas, ca> Etove, cement walks;
1 eottac* 4 roc'!«* «nfurn;£-li»'d: price tSotK*: !
CO* ea*li. li^lanco ir.staUiiK'iits. Aw>I>' Te j
Vri:i<-y st.. Oakland. I
A SACRIFICE: 1 fclwk from main street and I
leading hote'. of OiUnnd; lot Tixl30; cornor I
Ninth and Clay Fts.: Mr.JV-st bareain in Oak-
lar.d; IU.000; \vcrt!i at l.-^st *l.;,Cvy; must t<>i; '
:.t nna>. 1>. F. M'jL'MN AL1> i CO.. 47S !
Tor.th rt.. Oakland.
ROOMS I'on UOCSEKEEPIXO;
I5KANNAN. ~~~. above Ftxth— Sunny kitchen
iir.rt bedrwta; r»ml«S»ed: J7.
CLUS. iH-NV^Iy furnished flat S rooms com-
piste; uho i rooma complete for liousekeepj;. |
KI.LTS. r:\ -Xloely furnished Fuile of 3 rooms !
h<-u*-k-.-. ;:::>:. S— - r 0. j»iFi m r<<xn;, J10.
HLLIS. 11*^ 5 ol^art Dnfnmtsbed rooms for
]-...i:s. ktij.il-,*:; i»1sl) iilgh t-ur.ry b::seraont; no !
rfiiUJrcn. j
BMAIJ. Z livinfr rn:s. : suitaW? shoe- i
njak.r. bufotriupp. «iihouFe. 2C«00 McAllister. .'
Vi.-t>!"N. Nicely furnished suite cf 2.
roosn fcr light lious^kocplnj;.
if'TAVIA, 14 r 5. cor. Geary— Large sunny bay- I
v. indow room, mantel, Welslach; alsu room !
with kitchen. |
r<~>LK. LiS — Dcsirabl; comsy unfuralshed house- i
kpcptng rooina.
I 1 ' i?T. Ill— Sunny suite cf rooms, conveniences
f'T housck*»f;i:xK; private family.
; IXTIl, 156— Suar.y rooms lor light fcoasekeej<-
ir.g.^
CLASSIFIED advcrtlsfmects an1 Fubserlpticns |
tectived at Call branch off.cf. 1200 Fillmnre. |
ROOMS TO LET X'arn. nnd I'nfnrn. !
AHI-BORN HOTEU B21 Grant ave.-Be-t dollar |
n Cr.y family hct^l in city; polite attendance; >
large rooms; medern conveniences: rooms o0c
up; fir£t-clE5s meals T5c; free coach.
A-HOTEL. Rnbinscn. IM9A Market: new man- j
apement: furrithed rcon:«, en suite or single; ;
for houpekeopinp; vory rcasonablfc 1
fricr-5; f'evatnr service; trarsier.t. j
A-BRL'NSWICK Hcuse. KS Eixth— Room* 25c
tc Jl r-<T night ; Jl 2Z to $D per week, and Tight I
housekeeping; open all nighty j
ALTON. »04 McAllister— I^rjre sunny well fur- j
n'.shcd front suite: Fuitab'.e for 3 or 4 a>lults. '
UrRN'ETT. 1426 Market (old No. J364»— Kur-
nished rms., eultes. fir.?i»': also unfurnished.
lil'SH, trs fThe Elk)— Changed hand*: r.lcely j
f'jrn. sunny rms.. eir.fle. rn eulte. newly reno- 1
veted; all conven. Mrs. EC M. Ramsey, prop, j
EDDT. 4~— Kror.t r>->-->m. r.tv.ly furnished, with j
closet. J7 p»*r month.
KI>r»Y. ff~— I>crpe bay-window front room; also !
"¦mali fr^Rt and Fi'le room*.
J' V.'fXK; larpe funr.y furnished room. clos?Pt, '
private; call ly K p. m. SC4 F<jl?om Ft. j
GEABT.tti 'The Navarre)— Elfgar.tly furnished
rn:*> suites or eingle; travelers accommodated.
CCABT. f~— Elegar.t funny furnished ' parlor j
fl r; FuStaMe frr r^y'cian: other rooms. ;
GOLDEN GATE ave.. f"3— Nfwly furnished!
double, ringle ro^ms; rent reasonable, j
C' :I.1'KN OATE ave., V3S— I small Fingle rooms, |
•-uitaYilP f<>r lady or gentleman; many.
iIRAXn SOrTHEUN. Foutheast corner Seventh ]
and IK:.=&!nn Fts. — Sunny rooms, en suite cr 1
eingle: ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
BOTTA&D. fH betTTth and Eth— Newly fur- ,
r.iF'.ied rooms; tultef. cinrle and houpekecr!ng. j
iTaP PALJIAS. I8H Market St.— Suite of 2 of J '
rrr.5; private; bath; sin. res; board optional, j
MCALLISTER. I*— Fine sunny front bay-win- '
<i>w; g,-i? and running water; $3 S per week. ¦
MINTN'A. O~~. rorner EJKhth— Newly furnifhed :
b.«y-win<1r>w room: Jl per week; transient.
NTV.- AUMNOTON. 1015 Market st.-Nicc!y
Fursisbed looma. *2 a u-e«>k up: 2.V- a day up.
OKAHKELL. 20— Sunny rurr.ished rooms and j
offices ; elevator: elec. lights: day, wk.. mo. i
CTARRKLL. B05— Keatly furnished rooms for
gentlemen; rent reasonable.
l:f.YAL Hooae, 1M Eliis— Incan<!f5rent lisht: I
reading-room, err.cking-room a,nd ladles' par- !
lr>r: ropnm, per nleht. S5c to Jl 50; week. J2 f> j
* r : menth. J<; to SZO; «rlfvatcr on ground flocr; ¦
rfiorr.« with hot and cold water; baths.
!:^EDAI,E IIou«.e. S19-K1 ElIts~Ft.— Rooms. !
r.ipl-.t. Toe to SI; week. Jl 25 to Jl: open night.
FEVEN'TIi. &1— T«o tenements. $3 50; up or
down flairs: cr the whole house, JC. Key at
"-, 5ev«»:>.th rt. . |
fUKMMAN Apartment House, TS Eighth ft.. !
rear Market— Furnished cr unfurnished.'
f-J'TTER. SiMJ— Changed hands; newly reno- j
¦¦ated; f-ir.gl-? rooms, SS; rviltes, J!2 to JI5 mo. I
TUT': Oliver House, pej Folsim ft., corner of .
Sixth— Furnished rooms; a'.r-o housekeeping.
"KK. I2t— A furnished sunny froat room; j
suitable for one or two gentlemen.
VAN NK;?. Zl*— S netvly furnished cunny j
roorr.f; gents only; reasonable.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
rotjacxipttooa ha« been established at 10K
Valencia Ft. I
nOOMS AND BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace j
Church, with annex W~7 Califcrnla. Ft., may j
I* f'.und « most •'xcrlionaHy g<K«l talJ». at- j
trartlve and pightly rooms at m-vji-st rates.
ELEGANTLY & newly furnished sunny apart^ I
ii'T.ts, with or without board; cuisine unex- j
<-<>!le<i. WCM Broadway, oor. Z.2\h Ft.. Oak- I
land, top Boor: MRS. M. C. ROBUCSOX.Prop. !
ROOMS vith board, bath. pas. J18. J20; private
family; g^nt>men only. 110'4 McAllister. .
I *F"'~« S .? ""* board; prices re&sonabls] 415
ROOMS WASTED.
GENTLEMAN' wants r^ml~~ p 7ivTto~"raTnri'v"- "l
b- art ciptioral: ymio xptv.\^. Hox 1C1S. Call.' '
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIKP-CI-.lrhest^r English IVnn"v7ovar~f^ i
erf the bPS-t: paf>. reliable: tAk» no olhrr- '
spnd 4f namps for particulars; ••Relief fcr
L*41et" in letter by return mall; at drue- I
_ giyty. chlchrcter Chemical Co., I'hiladM.. Pa" !
HAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made- '
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION" <"O '
41^ Montgomer>' ft., rooms 9-10; tel. DCS?.
SEWING MA CHIVES AXD SUPPLIES. |
ALL kinds boupht. e^ld ajid repairing: gruaran-
teea. Charles Flam beck. 1515 Mission, nr.ir.th. !
ALL klr.ds biurht. sold, rented, exchar.cerl re-
palrea; cpen even.; phone Black 1124. 2C3 4th. ¦
roUGHT, Bold. rer.t»d. repaired; needles and
rliiml>«: rtviur^d rates. 1<5 €th: phone Mint B. I
STAKLES TO LET. j
BARNS— 1 for ?*. other for R2: S-story; stalls-
P*s'.» C T Iiec I!?T;*,- : v " r<5: c ?™r Hearne and
STORAGE AMJJ^ATIEIIOI'SES.
fH^^dK^ifSlESr*** i <ua*'Mwln» Co.;
office. I'O5t and I'owoli «(¦."; tel. Main £713
GOLDEN WEST Btoraga Warehouse. M0 Mig-
flon tt.; tel. Mint IBL F. W. ZEHPDSa
rEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st •
tel. Main 2f>(0: fhlfiplng at cut rates.
TVPEWIIITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
CRKAT- PAROAIXS IN TTPE\VRITERS-\\>
•sell better machines for lens money than any
hou« Jn tbe fity: rentale. »J. Tlie Typewriter
Excliange. ~56 California: telephone Main 266.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~~
DIVIDEND ICotlce.— California Wine Asso-
ciation. — Dividend No. IS of elxty cents per
trara :.r.n been declared, and Is payable en
and tfter Monday. February 11, 1SC1, at the
" Union Trust Company cf San Franciaco.
ttcck r»,,-.ks will close on Tuesday. February
•'• i:-' 1. tt 2 o'clock p. m.. up to which 6at*
tranEftrs of Etock may be made at the Union
Trust Company. 13y order of the Ucaro cf
Director*.
IIENRT VAN* BERGEX. Secretary.
IJIVIDEXD Xotlce — The "Giant Powder Cora-
I any. Con. A dividend. No. 26. of Seventy-
five Cmts <~Zc) per ehare on the Jssued capi-
tal Ftotk nf the company has been declared,
payable at the offlce of the company. 130
• caUforuia rt.. Kan Francisco. «n Kebruar7
Jl. i:«Cl. Transfer books close Kebruary 4.
K-Cl. at nooti. a. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Dividcr.d No. 24 (thirty
rents per rharc) of the Paauhtu Surar
Plantation Company trill be payable at th«
*^ flo » nf the company. 227 Market St.. on and
after Monday. February II. 1901. Tran*fer
books clo*« en Monday. February 4, 1901,
at 3 o'clock. B. II. 6HELDON,.Sec. J
PIIOPOSALS.
PKOPOSATir7or~c!G^b!nira^
pot Quartermaster's Offlce, SC New Mont-
f°^ Q V st - Ean Francisco. Cal.. January 19,
J»o:— healed proposals, in triplicate, will be
received at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.,
Jjiluay. February 8, 1001, Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Wool-
en Blankets. Drab Campaign Hats, Black
oak and chrome tanned CalfsWn Shoes. Rus-
J«t Shoes. Nuinsoolc Undershirts. Nainsook
iJiawtrs and Chambray Shirts. Quantities to
Se subject, to an Increase ol 20 per cent If
cerircd by this Department. Unguaranteed
l)lds P -"<1 bids upon samples differing from
standards and epecif.cations. will under no
circumstances be considered ; proposals for
Ipss quantities than advertised for will be
entertained. Bids will be opened for the de-
iivory cf the same articles at either the San
i-ranciseo. Boston. Chicago and Philadelphia
l'cjoJs. but none will be given consideration
ion Inspection or delivery at other points
tnan these named above. Early deliveries
are essential. The rate ar.d time of deliv-
ery must be stated Ly bidders in their pro-
I-cFals. and r.o preposition fhonld.be made
w-r.ich th^-y are not positive that they can
absolutely fulfill. Preference will be "Riven
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, corJltioi-.s cf price and quality be-
»n« equal (Including in the price of foreign
production and manufacture the duty there-
>-n>. and ruch pr*f«fenca will be Riven to ar-
ticles of American production and manufac-
ture produced on the Pacific Coast, to the ex-
Jeat of :he consumption required by tho pub-
• io FTvice there. The United States reserves
tne rifjht to accept or reject any or all pro-
;««;als or any part thereof. Information and
blanks, for pro^oF.als will be furnished on
ni'iiicatlon. Envelopes containing proposals
will l,o indorsed "Proj->05.-ils No. 403.'' and
¦ddrgfed to MAJOR OSCAH F. LONG
Ouartrrmartor, V. S. Yds.. Depot Quarter-
in.vter. •
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage. Depot
Quartermaster's office, S6 Xew Montgomery
f'.. San KranoiBco. Ca!.. February 2. 1901. —
Fealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
reired at this oUics until 11 o'clock a. m.
Friday. Fe'i>ruary 8. Moi. Pacific standard
tin-e. ar.d then opon»d, for rurnlshinn Nan-
Ue.?n J3rawpr.«. Nankeen Fhlrts. Carbonized
Paper. Crystallized Napthallne and Flax
Twine. Preference wiil be piven to articles of
<!orr.«>fiic fh'ductlnn ai.d manufacture, condl-
l\dbn of price and quality hcins equal (in-
cludlns in the price of foreign production
and manufacture tlie duty thereon), and such
preference will be given to articles of Amer-
ican production and manufacture produced
en the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the
. coBwnpuoa required by the public service
Uiere. The United States reserves the right
to accept or reject r.ny or all proposals or
any part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposal* will be furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals will bo
indoryrd "I'lopcsals .No. 82T>." and addres»ed
to Major OSCAR F. LOXG. Quartermaster.
I . fc. \<il!=., Depot quartermaster.
U. P. ENGINEEU Office. Flood building
Fan Francisco. Ca!.. January S. l?01.— Sealed
proposals!! for building steam vessel will
M recelvtd here until 12 m.. February 8,
!!<C!. and then opened. Information furnished
on apiiliratlon. CHAS. E. L. B. DAVIS.
Majcr Engineers.
SIABRIAGE IilCiSBTSES.
Tl-.e following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Hi.rrv p. Hubbnrd. 15. 437 O'Farrell street,
an.l Kthel E. Phillips. 21. «6 Ellis street.
Walter J. Oarrick, 2S, city, and Josephine F.
Swasey, 24. city.
Edward F. Tryon, S3, 1303 Seventh arenue,
and Majrpie O'Brien. 2S, 1305 Seventh avenue.
J.-an A. L. Laurent. 2?. South San Francisco,
and Irene K. Kounlde?. "4. 6S1 Mission street.
'Jeorge G. Stanfbrd, "1. 3424 <"lay Ftre<?t, and
Frviia K. Mfrfing. "%. (SI I>evisadcro Ftreet.
J. Athnl Kraft, ;s, Waiisworth, Nev.. and
Kathr>n L. Urur.ner. 27, city.
Prank C. O'Connor. 23, V'-Zi Paclnc avenue.
an>l HanM Worklns. 26. 2"fl."> tireen street.
JOBeofa Wyant, IS. 74J Howard street, and
TliPreEa Pico, 23. 312S Fulton street.
Ji'^e C. Asuedeo, 24, Pan Rafael, and Mary
r. . g ilva. 2^. San Hafacl.
BIRTHS— MRRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriace and death notices s=*nt by
mail will not be Inserted. They must b» handpd
in at either of the publication offices and be
In.iOrs<d with the name and residenc* of per-
sons authoitzed to have the same published.
30RN.
DALTON— In this" city, ' February 5, 1901, to
the wife ol n. «'. I>altcn, a son.
GOLJDENBERG-^-To the wife of A. Golden-
berff of P.ert.iing-, a daughter.
MARRIED.
OOHN— CAMERON— In this city. January 80,
1301, Herman \V. Colin of Portland. Or., and
Citta. E. Cameron of San Francisco.
GOOJ>ALL— HKIMMTHN— In this city. February
C. ISOl, by the Rev. John Stephens, Harry W.
Go- ida II and Alice M. Hepburn, both of" San
Fra ncl^co.
HritnAUn—PHILLIPS— In this city, Febru-
ary .".. ISOl, by the Rev. F. A. E>oane. Harry
S. Hubhard and Ethel E. Phillips, both 61
San Francisco.
HrPER-KKNNKDY— In this city, February 2.
1M)1. by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, Charles
«*. Kuber of Xewman, Stanislaus Count\,
Cal.. and Louise Kennedy of San Francisco.
"VV.V'K— DALLIHA— In this city, February 6,
IML by the Rev. Dr. Jolm A. B. Wilson,
J> hn Joseph Wack uf Oakland and Mary
J^illiba of San Francisco.
DIED. """"""
Abrahams. Henrietta Klrchner, Mrs. E.
Hadaire, Alber| Krauze, Flora
I<arb«-r. Charles J. Loyali. J.'amilla F.
Itranson. William B. IlcCun, James A.
Brinkmann. John E. McCarthy, Mrs. Brld-
lirown. Sarah A. 2»>t E.
Cehill. Edna %V. Mallon. John
Clinton. Joseph ' JIanlon. John J.
Conbor. Patr-ck J. Martin. Amelia
Conrady, LiUIe Mtrade, Joseph P.
Conway. Thomas Murphy, Mary A.
Uivi«, Paul Nlrsen. Err.est '
l>«.ran. James Olsen, John
Ijow.i, Hugh Post. Mary A.
(Jamba, Felici Rutherford. Thomas
Gunn. Mary A. Ryan. Martin T.
Hancock. Mary A. Schoenfeidt. Wm.
Harriman, J. T. Jr. Schwarz, RichaTd
Hu«*ry, Bridget 1 aicott. Harvey D. .
Kearney. Mary J. Warnecke. Hermann
Kinp, Thomas Wood worth. Cornelia
ABRAHAMS— In this city. February 6, 1501,
Henrietta, beloved w;fi> of Max Abrahams, a
native of Germany, aged 22 years and 4
months. (St. Lnui.". Ho., papern please copy.)
jC^Friends" and ac"iuaiiitan<*«». are resprct-
fu'.ly invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday). &t lO^O o'clock, from the funeral
parlora ol Theodor Dierks, 1)37 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth, thence by 11:30
o'clock train to Xew Salem Cemetery for In-
terment. .
IJADAIICK-In this city. February 5, 1901, Al-
bert 15adaln», belovM husband of Mrs. Laura
IJadalre. a native of France, aged 37 years 2
nnnths and 17 flays. • •
(TTKri^n^B 'an.l acquaintances are respect-
fully Inviteil to attend the funeral to-morrow
(F.rWay>, at 1:3) o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Oodeau. 30j MontKnmpry avenue,
tJ.enco to I^O. O. F. Hall, corner Seventh
and MarkftX-treets. where fser\-Ices will l>e
held linger the au^ulrea of Franco-American
I.'-'iie No. 2<i7. I. O. O. F.
BARBER-i-ln Ms AnBele?, Charles J. Barber,
"l.flove.1 fath?r of H. H. Barber and Mrs. A.
H. I»ay. a native of Khode Island. as;cd 73
rears 2 months and 22 days. (Grass Valley
and Eureka r-apers please copy.)
CTHurlal ti-rrorrow (Friday), at 11 o'clock,
at I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
IinAX?ON-In this city. February 6. 1901. Wil-
liam H. Hranson. beloved husband of Char-
lotte liniifon, a native of, London, Kngland,
acd 47 y<ats. '
BRIKKMAKK— In this c'.ty, February 6. ' 1301.
John Edwin, beloved eon of Charles and
Ellen P.rinkmann. and brother of Minnie,
Lena and B«-rtha Erlnkmann, a native of San
Francisco, aged S years 3 months and xi
days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. 43 Federal street, off First. In-
treraent Laurel Hill Cemetery-
BROWN-In this city. February 6. 1301, at her
rcf iderce, 1SU Larkln street. Sarah A , be-
loved wife 'of the late Alex B. Brown, a na-
tive of New Ycrk.
E7KoUce f-f fun»ral hereafter.
CAI11LL— In Oakland, February 6 idoj Edna
jy-, l t!',V C(1 '^ l!^ hter of 1>a trlck and 'Emmn
I. Cahlll, aged 20 years.
|C7 Friend" and. acquaintances are respect-
fully 'nvited to attend the funeral serviced
to be held at the residence of her pa^nt '
IMS Fifty-sixth street. Oaklnr.d *Go!d?n Gate
stntion). to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock
Interment ;>rivate. " "'
CLINTON— In this city, February 4 1901 Jo
sc.,h. beloved son of Hose and the ' lati»
Thf.m;is Clinton. aT.d brrther of Mr» John
O'Connor. Mrs. John O'Rourke and the late
I'atrlck, James, Henry and the late AIIcp
Clinton, a native of County Armagh Ireland'
aeed 21 years 11 months and 21 days \
member of the Pacific Coast Marine Flr^
men's Union. • " . "
JC7"Friend» and acquaintances are resnect
fully invited to attend the funeral this djv
(Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. KS'i Ninth street, thence to St
Jwpli'p Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hi*
pool, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. '
COXRADY— In this city, February 6. 19C1 Lu.
He. beloved dauchter of H. P. and Theresa
Corrady, a native of San Francisco, age2
CONBOY— In this city. February 5. 1901 Pat-
rick J. Co:iboy, a native of Ireland, aeed 70
years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are reapect-
HCNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3
10 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Tl and 3 Fifth «t. TeL South 167.
FUNERAL D1RECT023 AND EKBALMER1.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
(E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), nt 10:30 o'clock, from hla late resi-
dence, 1583 Folsom street, thence to St. Jo-
eeph's Church, where a solemn, requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of 'his soul,
oommenclrier at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
SCIIOKNFELDT— In Belmont. San Mateo
County, February 6, 1901, William Schocn-
ICTFuneral services will be held to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence,
1212 Hyde street. Interment private. .
ItYAN — In .this city, February 6, 1901. Martin
T.. belovefi son of Thomas S. and Elizabeth
Ryan, and dearly beloved brother of Kathleen
Ryan, a native of San Francisco, ased IS
years and 8 months. . . . ¦
£7" Funeral to-morrow (Friday), flt 2
o'clock, from her late residence. 2522 Mission
street, between Twenty-first and Twenty-sec-
ond. Funeral and interment private. Please
omit flowers.
RUTHERFORD-In this city, February 6, 1901,
Thomas Rutherford, father of the late T. L.
Rutherford, and erandfather of T. L. and
George Y. Rutherford, a. native of Waddlng-
ton, tit. Lawrence County. N. Y., aced 96
years 11 months and 2 days.
(CTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
full-/ Invited to attend the funeral this day
iThiirsuav). at 8:4J o'clock, from her late
resid?ncel 255 Natoma street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, . where a solemn requiem
hlrh mas* will be celebrated for the repose
of her-«£oul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
N1SSKN— In this city, February 6, 1991, Krnest
Niisen beloved godfather of Ernest Fmith,
and beloved friend cf John II. and M. L.
fcmith, a native of HelllKenhafen, Holateln,
Germany, aged 72 years 31 months and 21
uays.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maas3. 917 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
OLSEN — In this city. February 6, 1501, John,
beloved hustJand or Annie M. Olsen, and
father of Thora, John and Henry Olsen, a
native of Norway, aged 55 years 4 months
and L r i days.
TOST— In this- city. February 6. 1901. Mary A.
Post, beloved mother of Marcel C. and George
C. Pott, a native of Middletown, New York,
ased 62 years and 26 days.
C7Frfer.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursdav). at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, ACS V.'aiier street, near Fill-
more, thence to St. Boniface's Church. Gold-
en Oat? avenue, between Jones and Leaven-
worth streets, for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
MURPHY— In this city. February 5, 1901, Mary
A., wife of the late Matthew B. Murphy, and
mother cf James E. and Ramund Murphy. *
native of Ireland, aeed G6 years.
CT^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend'the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at !> o'clock, from the. undertaking
parlors of O. laecherl. C29 Broadway, thence
to St. Francis Church, where a solemn ro-
imlem hizh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing nt 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
BIEADE-»In' this city, February D, 1901, Jo-
seph Philibert lieade, dearly beloved son of
Henry an3 Barbara Meade. and' beloved
brother of Otto, ilrnry Jr. and Willie Meade.
a native of San Francisco, aged 10 months
nnd 20 days.
tE^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fun?ral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, "52Vi Clara Ptreet, between Fifth
an.l Sixth, thence to St. Patrick's Church.
Mission . street, between- Third and Fourth.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MARTIN— In Berkeley. February fi. 1901, Ame-
lia, dearly beloved daughter of Mrs. and the
late C. F. Martin, and sister of Frank F.,
<Je<irjtf J. and Charles F. Martin, a native of
Sac-raniento. Cal.. aged 25 years.
C7" Friends and accalntsnces are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
.(Friday), at o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1*27 Green street, between Octavia.
and 1-asruna, thence to St. Brlfrid's Church,
Van Ness avenue, and Broadway, where a
solemn requiem high ma-s will be celebratei
for the repose of his roul. commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
MANIO.V-In this city. February G. 1901. John
Jam»s Manion, beloved son of John and MaK-
Kie Manion, brother of Joseph, Elizabeth,
Francis. Gertie and (iladys Manion, and
prranHron of James Glynn. a native of San
Fr!in<-i=cr>. aged 1« years and 3 months.
rr?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 3:30 o'clock, from her late reei-
d'T.ce, 1512 Howard street, thence to St. Jo-
HPjih's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her foul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crops Omettr;-.
MALLON— In this city, February fi, 'iSOl. John,
dearly beloved husband of Catherine Mallon.
and loving father of John F.. Michael J. and
Katherlne I). Mallon ami Mrs. Mary E. Jlc-
Nerney, a native of County LonicfonJ. Ire-
lai'.d. A memlvr of Fairmount Lodge No.
'J47. A. O. U. W.
Vv\ WARIN. Secretary.
MCCARTHY— In this city, February 5. 1901,
Mrs. Bridget E. McCarthy, a native of Ire-
lam!.
E"7"Friends> and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited t-> attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 5:1.1- o'clock, from his late,
rcsidrncf, 1*4 Potrero avenue, thence to St.
Joseph's Chun-h. Tenth street, near Howard,
where a requiem mass will be cc.ebrated for
the repose of his soul, commcnclnc at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
NOTICE, M. E. P.. A. No. 35-Pl*ase meet at
renrtlnfj-rooma this day (Thursday), at 8:30
o'clock. To attend th? funeral nf late brother,
J. A. McCann. J. R. FLOCD, President.
CTFuneral private.
Mi-CANN— In this city, February 5. W01. Jam<»s
A., beloved husband of Isabella A. McCann.
father of Stanley McCann. and brother of
Mrs. Bessie Monroe, a native of £an Fran-
cisco, aged 30 years 7 mr,nths and 11 days. A
mc-mber of the Marine Engineers' Beneficial
Association No. 33.
lT?*Rcmaln!« at the residence of her sister,
14u3 Eleventh street. Oakland. Notice of fu-
neral hrreafter.
K RAISE— In New York City. Flora, beloved
wifp of Marks Krause, and beloved daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. J. Warshawski, formerly of
Pan Francisco. . •
LOYALI^=-In this city. February 5. 1901. Ca-
milla France? Loyali. a native of Norfolk, Va.
ICT 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at S:CO o'clock, from her late
residence, hi Fair Oaks street, thencn to St.
James Church, coiner Twenty-third and
Guerrero s-treets, where a requiem mass wiil
be c<-l»>bratod fnr thp repose of her soul,
commenclnK at 3 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crcsa Cemetery.
KIN'G-In this city. February 5, 1301, Thomas
-Kinc. a native of Ireland, aged 63 years.
KIROHXER-In Oakland, February 5. 1901.
Mrs. Elizabeth Klrchner, beloved wife of
William Kirchner. and beloved Bister of Mrs.
Lacy Flynn, a native of Ireland.
CtSTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral this day
(Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 23 Fifth
stnet. thence to St. Rose'b' Church, where d
requiem big!) mass will be celebrated for the
¦repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KEARNEY— In* this city, February 4, l!)01.
Mary Jane, beloved wife of Patrick F. Kear-
ney, mother of Margaret. Mamie, Annie,
Frances, Gertrude and the late Theresa
Kearney, and daughter of Mrs. A. Tregalllb.
a. native of Sydney, Australia., aged 2% years
and 4 months.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Hose's
church. Rrannan street, between Fourth and
Fifth, where a solemn requiem mass will l>e
celebrated for the repose of her noul, com-
mencing at — o'clock. Interment Holy Crcsa
Cemetery, via 11:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
HAHRIMAN- In Frultvale. February 5. 1S01.
John T. Jr.. infant sen of John T. and Lot-
tie Harriman, a native of Oakland, ased 7
months and 1G days.
HUSSEY— In this city, February 5. 1301. Brld-
B?t, beloved wife of Lawrence Hussey, a na-
tive Of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 7S
years.
[TVKrier. Is an*J acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tnureday); at 1:30 o'clock, from" his late
residence, 2 Varennos street, off Union, be-
Inwn Dunont and K«-arny. Interment Ital-
ia n Cemcterv.
GUNN— In Oakland, February 6. 1901. Mary
Ann. wliiow of the iate Captain J. C. Gunn,
nnd mother of <.'harlcF T. Gunn. Mrs. Mary
L. Merchant. Mrs. Jane 1*. Dryden and the
late Mrs. Hertha C. Curti*. a native of New
Hampshire, aged SC years 11 months and 6
days.
HANCOCK-In this city. February 5, 1301.
Mary Anna, beloved wife of Francis O. Iltm-
c-ock. and mother of .Victor A.. Jules F. anil
Frank J. Hancock, a native of Franc", aged
t-S years 8 months and 1 day.
ITTFrienvis and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), nt 5:C0 o'rlcck.. from his late resi-
dence. 9 Wettr.ore street, off Washington, he-
tweon Powell and Mason, thence lo St.
Mary's Church, corner California and Dupont
Ftrpets. where a solemn requiem ma?s v.ill
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
nir-ncint; at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GAMBA— In this city, February 5, 1001. Fellci.
dearly beloved husband cf Lizzie Gamba, and
father of Antonio, Joseph, Franc's and Rosie
Ganiba, a native of Italy, ased 56 years.
(L>M Ansreles Datjprs please copy.)
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the VnltPd Undertakers,- 27 and 23 Fiftn
meet, thenco to St. Patrick's Church for
services at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DOWD— In this city. February 6, 1001, Hugh,
beloved husband of the late Mary A. Dowd,
father of Mary, Gecrse. Alice and Lottie
I->o\vd and Mrs. II. Ileinze, and brother of
Mrs. John Swetznore and the late P. T.
Dowd. a native of County Kosccranion, Ire-
land, .aged CO years 4 months and 21 days.
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
ir , ursda >'>. at 0 o'clock, from the parlore oC
M , cAv ,°y & Co.. 1233 Market street, between
tichth and Ninth, thence to St. Paul's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CO - NWAY — In this city, February 6, 1303.
Thomas Conway, a native of Ireland, aged
33 years.
DAVIS— In Grand Rapids, Mich., February 6.
1901, Paul Davis, brother of the late E. C.
Davis, and nephew ol Mrs. E. J. Mihturn, a
native of California, aged 39 years.
DORAN— In this city. February 5, IC'01, James
Doran, a r.ative of County Lcuth, Ireland,
asod t" years. .BILL REQUIRING RESTAURANTS
TO KEEP A PUBLIC REGISTER
How Senator Corlett of Napa Proposes to Regulate the
Morals of -."Golonel" Brady's District. .
12
T1TB SAN FRANCTSCO CAI/L, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1901.
WHAT MAY HAPPEN SHOULD SENATOR CORLETT'S BILL REQUIRING- RESTAURANT-KEEPERS TO REGIS
TER THEIR GUESTS BECOME A LAW. THE CARICATURIST SHOWS THE WOES OF VARIOUS PEOPLE
WHO ARE INTERESTED AS THEY APPEAL TO HIS SENSE OF THE HUMOROUS.
Section 1 provides for the keeping of a
register and that persons occupying rooms
which contain sleeping accommodations
must register their true names as occu
pants of such rooms.
Tho second section provides that the
police shall designate the public place for
keeping the register. It also gives to the
police and Deputy Sheriffs the right to
inspect the rooms at any time.
The third section provides that a res
taurant keeper who shall violate the law
may be fined $200 and sent to jail for
ninety days.
Section 4. adds degradations to the fine
and imprisonment by declaring that a
person convicted of violating this law
shall be deemed a dissolute and immoral
character and that his license shall be
forfeited. ¦ ¦ ¦
Old fashioned Democratic statesmen
such as General Thomas J. ClunJe, Ryland
Wallace, W. D. English and Major P.
J. Harvey would call the act "sumptuary
legislation." They all acknowledge that
they do not know exactly what sumptu
ary legislation means, but they do know
that a declaration in a party platform
against it catches the votes of all the non
partisans who like an occasional dinner
down town.
Apart from the political phase of the
proposed law "Colonel" Brady and his
associate statesmen, even if they are not
responsible for the Introduction of the
measure, may consult with the leading
restaurant keepers as to the adoption of
means to defeat the bill. The use of
money should be discountenanced at the
outset. ' A strong argument would be one
depicting the spectacle of the police in
vading one's private room In a swell res
taurant to ascertain if the persons at din
ner are other than those whose names are
on the register.
A mass meeting against sumptuary laws
drinks ar« sold or served, and providing for
the keeping of a register of names of occu
pants of such rooms, and the investigation,
inspection and examination of such register
and rooms by the police authorities and Sheriff
of the. place where such restaurants are lo
cated: and providing a penalty for the viola
tion of the condition of such regulations.
Incandescent light wiring a specialty. Elec
trical Engineering Co., 609-511 Howard st. • '
Robert E. Glare was yesterday held
without bail by Judge Conlan to answer
before the Superior Court to the charge
of murdering hisl partner, William Tre
whella, at tho Windsor Hotel. January 14.
When the case was called Attorney A. T.
Vogelsang, for the defendant, asked for
a continuance, but District Attorney
Bylngton objected.
Glaze Held for Murder.
Daughters of Liberty.
California Council of the Daughters of
Liberty had a social reunion In Shicls
building last evening In celebration of
the sixth anniversary of tho Institution
of the council. There was a large attend
ance of the members, as well as those
of Martha Washlnpton Council, and of
the local councils of th*» Junior Order of
American 1 Mechanics. There was an en
tertaining programme of music, sontrs
snd dancintr. besides a sketch. "Courtship
TTnder Difficulties," presented by Miss
Lizzie Cantus. .Charles Johnson and liar
man Mocnnlr.
When that tired feeling: comes alone, side
track It with Jessa Moore "AA"- the best
whiskey in the land.
frank Oakley, chief clerk of the gen
eral freight department of the Southern
Pacific, with headquarters in this city,
died suddenly In Los Angeles yesterday
from hemorrhage of the brain. He had
been sick for several weeks with a severe
attack .of Influenza. Deceased was 40
years of age and was 'well known In rail
road circles.. His body will be brought to
this city for interment.
Frank Oakley . Passes Away.
Eugene Zimmerman Will Be the
Guest of the Duke in Ireland
Shortly.
The Duke and Duchess of Manchester
and Lord Lambert spent the last few
hours of their visit In San Francisco on
the golf links at the Presidio. Last even
ins: the entire party, lncluclinjr Eugene-
Zimmerman, father of tKo Duchesa. left
for the East on the overland In their pri
vate car. •
Eugene Zimmerman said just b«for*
leaving: that the party would stop oft tor
a day at Salt I^ake ani would then Jour
rey to Cincinnati by way of' St. Louis.
In the latter part of this month the Duke
and Duchess, accompanied' by Mr. Zim
merman, will go to London. They will
also visit the Duke of Manchester's estate
In Ireland.
Manchester and party
LEAVE FOR THE EAST
Maritzen-Montag^ue Wedding 1 .
The wedding of Miss Dollie Montague
to Henry. W. Maritzcn was BOlemnized by
the Rev. Father Maximilian Newman at
9 o'clock yesterday morninjr in St. Boni
face Church. Golden Gate avenue. Tho
br.de js the youngest daughter of the late
Dr. J. C. Montague of Weaverville. Miss
Emma Lorenz of Weaverville was the
bride s maid. The jrroom Is a young busl
n«s* man of this city. Sydney Melbourne
? h c i ed .. a « »>est man. After the ceremony
the bridal party went to the residence
of the groom's uncle. II. C. Maritzen 627
Hayfcs street, where the wedding break-
Quiet Ceremony Which Is Witnessed
Only by Eelatives of the Con
tracting Parties.
Harry "W. Goodall and Mrs. Allle Hep
burn Veie quietly married yesterday at
noon, at the residence of the groom on
Spruce street. No invitations were issued
for the ceremony and only the immediate
relatives of the contracting parties -were
present. The bride looked charming in a
black tailor gown, the tight-nttinjr "jacket
of which was relieved by a white vest and
collar. A largs black picture hat with
nodding black plumes completed the cos
tume. Captain Charles Minor Goodall
brother of the groom, officiated as best
man. The bride was unattended.
Mr. and Mrs. Goodall left last evenlne
for a week's southern trip. On their re
turn they will occupy the residence on
Spruce etreet, from which they were mar
ried.
GOODALL-HEPBUBN
NUPTIALS CELEBRATED
D. C. Saddlemire. 53 years, fought with New
York regiment in civil war; -has family In
Oakland, Cal.; died of pneumonia and ab-
Rceesea. originating from scratch of finger
nail, n*>ce*sltatiriK amputation of arm.
O. n. -Gustafson, 25 " years old. native of
Sweden, formerly lived in South Dakota; pneu
monia. ,•--¦«
Griffith Griffiths, « years of age, quartz
recorder at Dawson. formerly church organist
at Vlrtoria. B.'C; pneumonia,*
Bernard Connelly. 35 years., from Australia;
pneumonia.
Edward Charles Gordon Touch, native of
England, ¦ mother and sisters in Chicago, h!»
former home; was employed in Gold Commis
sioner s office here and waa to be recorder at
Forty, Mile; pneumonia.
• Henry .Bromley, 2> years, nativo of Aus
tralia; pneumonia.
Frank Rllcyy- 40 years, \ native of California:
lived at Juneau. where ho had a married sis
ter; pneumonia. . \
. J. S. Remington. B2 years, native of Quebec,
where he leaves a family; pneumonia.
nonald McCrea, native or Scotland, ajed 60
years; formerly a resident of Juneau, and
later -'employed on Yukon Rl\*er steamers:
killed by. being crushed in a cable on Kldge
road. •
George Dldgy, died in his cabin on Bonanza,
of pneumonia.
A. . J. Walters, formerly of I^owell. Wash..
pneumonia. •
DAWSON, Jan. 22, via Seattle, Feb. 6.—
Albert J. Kronquist, recently killed here
by falling earth; was formerly a resident
of Seattle. Details of the accident, which
occurred In a shaft on John King's claim.
46 Below, on Bonanza, have just been re
ceived. The earth was dry and not frozen,
and, crumbling from the" roof, came down
in a -great heap. • Kronquist was slightly
crushed, but death resulted, it appears,
from suffocation. lie was 35 years old,
single and a native of Wisconsin, where
it is presumed his parents live.
William Levy, -who waa killed by earth
falling on him while at work in a shaft on.
Hunker Creek two weeks ago, was a
former resident. of Carbonado, Washing
ton,.where he was a coal miner, lie was
a native of Wales.
Frank Swope. killed on Hunker Creek
at the same time as Levy, was from Fort
Worth, Texas, where he has a father in
tho real estate business and a sister.
Others who have been buried this
month, together with the causes of deaOi,
occupation,* former homes or nativity, fol
low: ,;:'.-•¦.;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Official Mortuary Record
Prom tho First of the
New Century. ;/.
JANUARY'S DEAD
IN THE KLONDIKE
Perhaps the bill may refer to some
restaurant that Is not particular. The
Senator, however, asserts that he has
never had any personal experience with
such places, but he expresses the opinion
that tho bill is a good measure. Tt has
been referred to the Committee on Public
Morals, of which Senator Simpson of Los
Angeles is chairman. The Napa Senator
fancies that the committee will amend the
bill making it broader and more stringent.
Senator Corlett does not appear to be
an enthusiastic advocate of the regulat
ing measure. In an interview at Sacra
mtnto yesterday he said: "I Introduced
the restaurant registration bill at the re
quest of a man in San Francisco. I can
not tell you the name of the man who r.e
quested me to introduce It, but I can say
that the bill is not aimed at any par
ticular restaurant."
If this bill is permitted to go through
without remonstrance additional burdens
may be imposed. Four years hence Sen
ator Corlett's successor from Napa and
Lake may come down with a bill for an
electric illuminated register. The ulti
mate law may require the names to be
placed in brilliant letters on the house
top.
Should the pending bill become a law
despite all opposition. It would then be
time to consult the Police Commissioners
as to the best means for evading: or vio
lating it. In Colonel Brady's district
rights of registration are not strictly re
spected. In close political contests one
may voto the registered name of another,
hence in emergency John Smith might
sleep in a restaurant under the registered
name of. John Brown.
would not be out of order. 'The cooks and
waiters could engage Metropolitan Tem
ple, secure the services of the" Press Club
Quartet, and then invite the members
of the Pacific-Union. Bohemian. Uni
versity and San Francisco clubs to Join,
them in a remonstrance. Martin Kelly,
Colonel Brady and the Speaker should be
petitioned to discourage all attempts to
kill the registry bill by the use of money.
The battlecry should be. "We demand to
dino unmolested— to sleep unregistered."
Ho was taken to the. Receiving Hospital,
where he was treated by Doctors Bunnell
and Murphy.
Clancy waa working on a staircase, and
his duty was such that he was compelled
to make many trips from the second floor
to the basement. In order to expedite
matters and to save lfimself the labor of
running down so many steps, he utilized a
rope used for hoisting material. It was in
making one of these slides that the rope
broke. The unfortunate man owes his
life to the presence of a coil of rope, upon
which he fell, preventing his striking the
hard cement floor. . . .
"William Clancy, employed on the an
nex of the Claus Spreckels building, fell
sixty-five feet yesterday. Through the
breaking of a rope down which he was
sliding he was precipitated to the base
ment, sustaining a fracture of three ribs
and of the left hip joint, besides numerous
bruises. It Is also feared he Is Injured In
ternally.
Alights on a Coil of Rope
Which Prevents Fatal
Injuries.
LABORER FALLS
SIXTY-FIVE FEET
SENATOR CORLETTS bill, provid
ing that every restaurant shall
keep a register for guests, occa
sions some surprise, if not alarm.
In San. Francisco. As the Senator
hails from Napa Countv it Is assumed
that the chief object of the proposed new
law Is to preserve the moral character of
the restaurants In Xapa City, but as there
can be no special legislation under the
constitution that which* Is good for tho
Napa goose must likewise be good for the
San Francisco gander.
In this city several of the leading hlgh
class restaurants are in the Forty-third
Assembly District, a subdivision of the
commonwealth that happens to be repre
sented In the Legis.ature by Martin
Kelly's friend, "Colonel" Martin Brady.
Restaurant-keepers are wondering if Sen
ator Corlett Introduced the bill without |
soliciting the advice of tho "colonel." It
can hardly be credited that the Senator
from Napa Ignored the representative o*
tiie Forty-third In the preparation of th-i
measure. Such conduct en the part of
the Senator would cast the imputation
that "Colonel" Brady was not a fit per
son to supervise the morals of a restau
rant. In some of the swell restaurants in
"Colonel" Brady's legislative territory the
menu is long. It is a far cry from soup
to black coffee, considering the lnterme
diarv attractions pt the feast: nence it Is
not "uncommon for a statesman, bowed
under the weight of public cares, to re
cline between courses. Several of Colonel
Brady's constituents declare that it would
be a grievous hardship to compel a man
! to openly register in order to obtain a
| wink of sleep after dinner.
I The title of the proposed law will show
J the extent of the regulation which the
! Napa Senator would impose. Here Is the
! title, and he who engages a private room
• in which to dine may beware: . • • ,
An act regulating the keeping of restaurants
to which are connected lodging rooms or rqpms
furnished with uleepinir accommodations. In
1 which meals, liquors, beer, wine or . other
A resolution was adopted which recites
that Mrs. M. Nolan, janltress of the Park
Primary SchooK having proved herself to
be unsatisfactory, -was dismissed.
Mrs. M. Johnson, Janltress of the Falr
rriount School, was transferred • to the
Park Primary School.
Leaves of absence were granted to Miss
f/i rri tr h\ Norton. Margaret Bailie and
Miss M. C. Sutherland.
Miss E. J. Sullivan was assigned to a
¦ new class In the Grant School and Miss
j A. E. Cookson was transferred from the
j Cooper to the Grant School to relieve the
I principal. Miss Ida Shaw, who, now that
j there are eight classes In the school, will
not have to teach. Miss I. Hainmingway
was placed on the substitute list.
The spring vacation was fixed for the
j week beginning on March 25, 1901.
Mrs. M. E. Maguire. having returned
from a. three years' leave of absence, was
placed at the foot of the unassigned list.
The sum of $25 per month additional In
payment for extra work in the French
department of the Polytechnic High
School was given to E. J. Dupuy from
I February 1, 1901. . ""»
"There is only one way to deal with
men of Webster's caliber." said Casserly,
"and that Is to give them a nose pulling.
Only the fear of getting my picture in the
papers deters me from administering a
casTigatlon which he well deserves."
Casserly then went on to tell of the
fruitless efforts made by the messenger of
the board to find Webster. After tho
meeting had adjourned, Casserly, who. by
this time had become greatly excited,
launched out into a tirade against the
absent Superintendent.
I rise for the purpose of contradicting cer
tain published statements made by Superin
tendent Webster, about me. I hereby brand
every one of said statements as a malicious
and absolute lie. I have no terms strong
enough in which to couch my denial of these
unmitigated falsehoods. I had hoped that the
Superintendent would be prcsent'when I made
this statement and I used every effort to se
cure his presence. Immediately upon reading
the statements I went to his lodgings and,
falling to find him. left there a card, stating
that I had called In reference to the lies about
me. These false statements are in line with
others equally false, emanating from the Su
i*crintendent's office in reference to thi3 board
and its members. ' ' ¦
The only Incident which marred the gen
erally dignified proceedings of the Board
of Education occurred at yesterday's
meeting when Director Casserly in a, ver
bal statement passed the lie to Superin
tendent of Schools Webster. Casserly
took vigorous exceptions to Webster mak
ing public the fact that the last named
had held up a bill for hack hire incurred
by the board In visiting schools. The Di
rector's ebullition was caused mainly by
the fact that Webster had singled him
out as the only one ¦who had used the
hack. Webster was not present at the
meeting, it being reported that he was
ill at his home. Immediately preceding
adjournment Casserly addressed the board
as fallows; ;
Declares at School Board
Meeting That Webster
Is a Liar.
CASSERLY FLIES
INTO A PASSION
The afternoon session concluded the
annual meeting of the association, the
last business being the election of officers
for the ensuing year, as follows: Presi
dent, .George W, Dornin; vice president,
\V. H." Gibbons; secretary and treasurer,
Calvert Meade; executive committee.
Frank J." Devlin. Holla V. "Watt and Wil
lian Sexton.
In the evening more than 200 gentlemen
prominent In the tire Insurance business
gathered in the Maple roonvof the Palace
Hotel to partake of the annual banquet
of the Fire Underwriters* Association. A
number of distinguished guests were
present. Including President Jordan of
Stanford University. President Wheeler
of the University of California. Mayor
Phelan. Deputy Commissioner of Insur
ance Shively of Washington. ex-Deputy
Commissioner Helfner of Washington
Mr. Lane of Denver and H. J. Grant of
Salt Lake City.
Frank J. Devlin, the retiring president
of the association, was In the chair, and
was supported by the Invited guests and
his successor. George W. Dornin. Durinjr
the dinner the assemblage waa In the
best of spirits, joining In the popular airs
played by the orchestra. It was almost
10 p. m. when the speechmaklng com
menced President DeVlln make a short
but pointed address, in which he thanked
all present for. their support during his
year of office. Speeches were made by
Presidents Jordan and Wheeler of the
universities. Mayor Phelan. W. J. Dutton
Rhiyely E. G. Ileifner. George D. Dornin.
E. W. Carpenter and Max Berteau.
The reading of "The California Knap
sack" by George P, Grant and Colonel
KInney was provocative of the heartiest
laughter. "The I Knapsack" consists . of
amusing incidents and anecdotes supplied
by members of the organization, many of
the reminiscences being from actual ex
perience.
Colonel KInney read a humorous paper
entitled "From the Northwest," prepared
by J. W. Gunn of Portland, Oregon, and
Harry W. Kores discussed "Methods and
Results." Mr. Fores deprecated the rat»
war of 1S95 and the annual scramble for
growing grain Insurance. He claimed that
insurance men should conduct their busi
ness 'with the same dignity as marked the
methods of banking men.
"A Reinsurance Controversy" was tho
subject- of a paper edited by W. il.
Speyer and read by E. B. de Golla, It
dealt with the Insurance of certain prop
erty by one company and Its reinsurance
with other organizations. "Some Re
marks on the Shingle Mill Question," pre
pared by L» \V. Knight, were read by
Mr. Folger. He showed the danger from
fires In the shingle mills of the Pacific
Coast and pleaded for a uniform system
of building and maintenance o* these con
cerns.
At the morning session an able paper
on "Settlement of Losses Under General
Form Insurance" was read by F. B. Kel
lam. "A Long Felt Want" was the sub
ject of a humorous paper by James A.
Carey. Robert H. Delaneld read a paper
on "Wine Cellars as a Klre Hazard. Ho
declared that more rigid inspection and
rules governing the building of wine cel
lars should be established.
The annual meeting of the Fire Under
writers' Association of the Pacific was
brought to a conclusion with the morning
and afternoon sessions held yesterday at
the headquarters, 303 California street.
Annual Gathering Concludes
With a Banquet at the ;
Palace.
UNDERWRITERS
MEETING ENDS
B^^BnBvK9 |jf vck Wt*5Sr F^W »S»>-3P
T6-Day arid To-Morrow
SPECIALS
• There are only five of them,
but they are great snaps.
§ Misses'
Dressing
Sacques,
In fancy stripes, all
elzes, ' regular Jl CO
value— on sale,
'5O' r 50c.
English Flannel Waists
This.enda our sale of these waists; all
choice colors; our. Jl 00 quality £?flf»
Taffeta Silk Waists.
All colors,- tucked front and fl»ft K£\
back, Ji 50 quality, on sale... <DmiOU
Flannel Wrappers.
To-day and to-morrow will end our Flan-
nel ¦Wrappers, will sell the bal- *7 y* ~
ance of our {1 Ti wrappers at.... C Tf \*
Knit Vests.
¦Women's 33c quality Knit Vest. 1 C\ J,
In all Eizes, medium weight itjC
Embroidery Sa e.
T\> have i commenced our GRKAT EM-
BROIDERY SALE. Hundreds of bargains
Our window display of prices will tell the
story.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
• Bet. Taylor and Jorw.
Mall Orders Received.
1- r
FRIDAY....
February 8th.
j « m
| Our
| Begins.
NEW
SHOES.
You know we've only
been in business three
months, and our new. stock
will be sold at lower figures
than other houses sell old
styles.
FITS, TOO!
We can fit anybody in
j any kind of a shoe. This is
| one of our strongholds. See
| our windows.
! Liopitt & Fisher,
945 Market St.
tOured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
•*Gr»n-So)Teni" eissolves Stricter* T!ke snow b*>
¦eath tbe tun. redaoes Kn ary-ed Prostate not
ttrenr'.beni the Seminal Dncu, siopplnz Drains as4
Smiwlons in Fifteen Dark
No drccs to rain tbe stomach, but » direct local
WKJ posture nrpiicallca U) the enti re or-thra) tract
finn-NJiTcri Is cot a liquid. It is prepared la
tbe form of Crayons or Frnc;>. ?moots tnd sexjbl*
%*C *o umtow t» to p*ss the c)o«est Stricture.
Eycry Man Should Know Himself.
ne St. James Asm.. Box VA. Clsdenatl. O- baa
swpared at vre&t expense an exhacM- r*lt f" t" ¦
5re illustrated Treatise upoo tbe mala L D L C I
qrtietu. which tb*» wtu send to *n/ r ft r f J
si. JA-,o aSA
510 J&~ RUPTURE CURED
- S3 V ; V/r io * TEIt DOLLARS.
-?¦ VitfFfitBiZs!.- 2r XKii^v^- Thousands bave been cured
-'f/Z?:-ii -?7; ipK^fTfJi J- attjwir ownhoinrn lor tins
fr 1 /" 4'feJ; " v ¦¦• V?*J ««ail rr.<-t. (.rrateH la-
VvVvl! « t ¦ : v> J witlon of th* Ace. • h^rar-
;V^|x^^;J V .'• f^/ ity knd<-oni!ort to tl.* rup-
ft. — t»T* '- rr" «a*^*T^ — » ture.1. X o worthless halves
j^*-« ¦•¦ -"it-i^JSr^L!^- 11^* or lotion* to ruh on. It <1<_ts
7X \zt ™ 'k^' tbe work. luTertijrate!
"R»«ii«*!U.i'* rfTtag taU Information mailed. lmTneili-
atelT on receipt 2e. lOamp and thtiAdvt. i'a\\ or address
*AC»ETIC TEUSS CO. c;o s»rut Mr~i, Si» FKAKCISCO.
5p Hoffman ettes £p
¦ v. Cigar. uu
THE HILSON CO . Movers. N. Y.
K IV. 8ADLEB t CO.. SUtribctsra. Saa f r*as;s:x
MISCELLANEOUS
McAllister Street, Near Larkin,
. § mm S2 J ftsjro fl! 5
The above five-story ouilding represents a new, high-class room-
ing-house, which will be known as THE ARGYL, named after the cel-
ebrated Duke of Argyl. This handsome building has been designed
and constructed by Mr. S. L. Sly. It Is the last one of. the many
buildings erected by him during the last few years. It is modern in
every respect; fireproof, electric elevator; absolutely the finest and
most up-to-date building of its character on the Pacific Coast. It
contains 130 rooms, of which 10 are suites with baths attached; 20
suites without baths.- The balance are single rooms. There are
two additional bathrooms on each floor. This house has been ele-
gantly furnished by San Francisco's leading furniture house. The
Pattosien Company, corner Sixteenth and Mission streets. Mcst of
the floors are covered with the finest Axminster and Wilton carpets.
The furniture in the parlors and bedrooms Is of the most modern and
approved kind and the house is open for business.
Hale's. J Hale-a..
Lamps Marked Down,
75 People Will Share Them To-Bay.
Two weeks ago they held first
Ji. -'¦'«*¦'•' place. Since then we've seen
x /X '~&|p^N. some new decorations. So they
/ \ must give way — But what differ-
Lk/^^^MJk \ ence d° es tnat make with you?
&^^^ < W r AJ The lamp value is as truly there
fMj^^w now as ever * Who evcr t]^ ink5 of
V^l&? / style in lamp, anyway, but a store-
• \^^^\£--m / / keeper? Here are the prices and
details — see lamps in the window.
Lamps np to $549 for $3.85
%^~^~=jl£~^%e( Some were $4.25, some $4.87, but most
)JY W1^ 4 '^ \ of thcm were 55-49— all have center
JLz± J*$L \ draft burners, highly decorated globes—
• /{^iT5^V^Jg^\ choice while they last, J3.S5.
mi$g?*®$ lamps op to $2.25 for $1.68
Some were $1.87. others $1.95, othera
$2.00— many o f them $2.25— but take
l !! e T t0 " da >' at °r.e Prtce-Sl.iK-they have
shades or globes and are highly decorated.
(fgf^^^ $1.25 Lamps for 98c .
Shades or globes— they can't last lonff.
10c Finishing Braids 5c.
Why? Just because we can. When there's a trade advantage Hale's
always get it. The braid is in 6-yard pieces — white — assorted oat-
terns— to-day, half price, 5c
A New Granite Cloth 50c.
Something entirely new, something novel, something no one e!*s
has. Something cheap, too. Something every dressy woman will .
want the minute she sees it. Funny how light it is — yet how strong.
Hard finish surface in pebble gunpowder effects — 37 inches across
—Eight spring shades. 32 pieces ready this morning — 50c a yard.
Colored Jhirts, Ken's & Boys', 55c 27-in. Parisian Flannels to day 10c
Worth 75c. Fancy dress shirts — Hundreds upon hundreds of yards
laundered percales with detach- of daintiest patterned dress flan-
able link cuffs, in an endless va- nels suitable for wrappers and
riety of colors and designs — in child's dresses. Dots and figures
sizes from 12 to 16— also fancy, on grounds of pink, light blue,
soft negligees in pinks, blues or lavender and red. Every yard will
helios^ — to be worn with white go to-day. Don't come late if
collar— sizes 12 to 16 33c you're after the prettiest. While
they last ; lOc
Market >«ap opposite
street, *^zM&/ J2^> /I/ d&& 9 <^* Golden
near Gate
Sixth. .^g-^<^cSp#>r> oooo^y^ avenue.
SPECIAL SALE!
Thursday— Friday— Satarday.
Liberal purchases at these
prices will prove a paying
. investment. -"Nothing but
the best.
Eggs, dozen 25c
Guaranteed fresh.
Caiitorn a Olive Oil 2!-E*-T2?
"Santa Barbara." Absolutely pure? '
Regularly 83c and 50c.
Anker's Bouillon Capsules,, box. 25c
Pure extract of beer.
Regularly 30c.
Shredded Wheat Biscuits, pkg.'.12lc
A health food for weak stomachs. "*
Regularly ISc.
Maple Sugar, lb ....... 15c
Make your own rnaDle syrup. t
Regularly 20c.
Stuffed Olives, bot..... 30c
Alden Apples, 3 lbs... 25c
Fancy evaporated apples. Flno flavor
Regularly 2 Rs 23c
Whiskey, bot 75c, 3bots $2
Gallon $3.00
K. C Berry Bourbon.
Very old and pure. Regularly |1 and J4.
Key West Cigars, each.. 5c
Box of 50 $2.23
"Perla «e Santiago." Clear Havana goods.
Great bargain. •>«».
COCJJTRT ORDERS SOrjCIXEIX
CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
Telephone. Main C25. :
// Cash cr Littk-at-a-Tims. )J
It Combination Book Cas« and U- //
(f brary rtesk— a regular |3 oSerln* [( •
\\ this week tor \\
// S16.00. :((
XI Mad* o£ beauttfal colden oak. J)
( THE J. NOON AN \
7/ FURNITURE COMPANY. Incl //
Ji 1017-1025 MISSION STREET))
(I Above 6th. Saa Fmclsco. //
// PHOXB-SOUTH 14. \\
Dr: Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a C9ntury.
DR.MCMLTY.
TniSWKUrKSOWN AND RKLrABLE OLT*
.1 Specialist <r»«»r* Blood Poison, «onorrhOBa,Oleet,
Stricture, S?ralii»I Weakness. Imnotrnc* and tbelr
allied Disorders. Hook on Diseases of Men. tree*
OvprCOyenrsVxperence.Tprmn reasonable. Hours
eto3dally:8:noto^.30ev'ffs. Kundajrs.lOta 12. Consul-.
tatlon free and sacred ljr confidential. Can or addreaa
P. ROSCOE McX'IUVTY. 51. D.
. 2GK iiearny Sf M San Fra ncisco, C£L