rHB CudeJxy kMneptrvr will be foV
lewed by ecaers all vrme tn* coun
try." eay« tha treat detective. Pin
ker-ton. Tfcere wlP b* more of th«
- easse kind, for the«* tnlnes go like an
epidemic" And Plr.kerton Is the greatest
prartlca! stuficr.t of crime in America. H<;
cpv. forecast it a* the weather Is fr-reca?.*..
Stealing: millionaires is an Industry
vl.'.ch apr^als to all of the truly ambi
tlrtUs amor? th^ thief cr?^t. Gold is
worth only thre^ hundred dollars per
i»o'.i?)fl. It'« dross compared to stealing
mUlior-alr^: -
If thr pentl^wi i* worth tl.5V.O0it an.l
Tfi^.s l.Vi f«rjri^i.H. rmt ur.usutil fijjurc-s. it
lirinpr<= him out a'. i';a very nice, ovr:i
win of ZSfl,<r*l prr pound on, the hf*of. as
Mr. Cudfthy wau»fi m*v. the child U
c^ar-r th«:i ?h- parcuL
T^e wonder is tr.at U.e curse of bri^
¦TJds^re has pot sooner comn upen the i>eo-
Our country 5<» !;ke a house without
<^oorc. T'no world at large has taken th<?
fr^^^.om cf sending to us thr.ss pnenie? ct
5fTipty vi'ho are cnrrdaal by birth anj
r.'irma.ily Inmates of 3<iil or pocrhouse. T •
t'ur.spo-t them to "America Is a cheap re
l!«?f to the crime-cotis^'ted society of Eu
rope. Tn themselves they may b» too lovr
aru3 brutish to shire as criminals: the/
I are only animal, but within them !s th*-
which remains eoiiietimes for the
eeeer.'l fren.eraT!cn to AcwAop th«» brains
r«?ri»Fsery to make a fctrJkir.jr'iy successful
crimJr.aJ.
America orTers a tempting- field for th»
k:«rjtp«r. It is full "t mflHorsJres. N>w
T^rk akn* has 23.000. Trey ere so nu
m*rous there that rso one rays any atten
ti^r. to them.
Th«r«« rr.en of milllors^ are all. compaxa
tJve'y «p^«.klng, n*w!y made. They ro
honestly Lnd openly alone uaon? the peo-
X>!e at all times, with a democratic free
dom which is found nowhere Use In the
World. ; m -'
They thus U-^jrt their precious persons
abroad upon the streets while their money
!s carefully locked In civpj of *teeL It
is. neverthelrsa, true tnat a man will
usuaJly give all of h:a mo:«ey to pave hla
'.Iff, crprciaily In ruch cni»«»s as tho«e
¦where the brigands -:tv« sent one of his
ears alorir as a sort of an exclamation
point to add to the force of the letterj
demandlsc ransom.
Now it does not njjpear to, have hereto
fore occurred to the wicked '.hat white
they have been straining themselves try
ing to pry open the millionaires' *aie*
esd bank vaults that they were overlook-
Ing- the mo3t valuable thing In the whole
r-rcserty list, and that is wie millionaire'"?
person or that of some cherished member
cf his family.
Here in California is a paradise of plu
tocrats, a wilderness of forested moun
t.>:.'_« e.nd a boundless ocean filled with
- iplands beyond count, where one may lose
themselves till their bones have bleached.
The easiest place on earth to suddenly
disappear forever If need b«.
The brigands have flourished In the
•outh of Europe, where In every way they
have less chance than here. But now
methods more daring than are usual with
them Jiave been successfully practiced In
the heart of the wealthy residence dis- '
trlct -of the city of Omaha. There, too, ;
everything was against the plotters, for
they were in the miflst of a network of
railway? and telegraphs from which ft j
•would take many days' Journey to extrt
"cate them. . '
.Her*! in San Francisco the conditions I
mr* reversed. There :s scarcely an hour
of the day that vessels are not departing t
to distant shores, where cables do net /
extecd and travelers are unknown. ,
Twenty nlinutes after one steps on board
the «bb tide has swept him. out of civlll- '
cation and on to the bosom of the end-
ie?£ eea Vhat sweeps round the poles with-,
out a break. He Is, if bn bo desires, as lost \
i to clvllixation as thouerh nr had cone to /
the stars — and all within half an . hour
troa. the caster or the city. I
mother by torturing a child for money.
.- And •' money ' so got ; will forever burn
the hand that holds It. " .
Was Cudahy right In giving the money
as ho did? . ;
Going 'over the ' facts ; step ' by step Is
there ' a' man ,who . can say: that he himself
would have done otherwise?
'T At', 8 "'o'clock" In the as the 15
year-old " son of the multimillionaire was
returning to "his home, from a' neighbor's;
ho . was seized by two armed men, who
told him. that they '.were.sheriffs. and that
he was one Eddy McGee, who was wanted
for .'some crime which they ¦ named.•Think
ing It a caae'of mistaken"; identity, the boy
went along with v them,* making no outcry ."
as he'- supposed Uhat'. identification : ,woiild
¦effect- his 1 Immediate' release.- After ; ; he
was placed in the carriage and they were
" driving away he j saw . an' acquaintance- on
¦ a streetcar and, offered; to give his captors
an assurance that he wasnot^thecrimlnal
they ' supposed.* .Thereupon '•' they /¦ bllnd :
folded him as they drove and silenced him
' -with threats. * He knew, that mischief was
intended. -*He 3 taken" to ftheVrembte
: house ;that J the < Vplotters ! had; secured* and
th«r» '^Mifiti^^-Vha^"** 1 to the floor. night
•M flay, within sound of hla
father's factory whistles, while
all the men that the Cudahy mil
lions could marshal were search-
Ing for him.
Twenty-five thousand dollars
left near a lantern on the road
tide by hla father secured his re-
Time must answer whether tt
: ; was wrong for him to have done
»o. If Plnkerton, the king of de
tectives, and Bare, the king of
money loaners, are correct In
their cold-blooded reasoning, then
the millionaire meat-packer was
wrong; but where is the father
under the flag: who would not
knave done the same? He was hu
man and humane.
Russell Sage says It was wrong
because It win encourage xnao.
stealing In general, and he ha-s
had ' some experience of the sort
himself. A crank. once came into
hla office and demanded a large
sum of money, threatening as an
alternative of not being Instantly
paid that he would blow up ev
erything with an Infernal ma
chine, which he held In hla hand.
' With characteristic economy Mr.
Bags refused to give the money,
and with equal presence of mind
pulled a young clerk who
was present In front of
him as a shield. The ex
plosion happened. Russell
was unharmed, thanks to
k his Improvised human
M^, fortification, and the last
HBk , memory of the public la
[^jjj^ , that the young man was
mffeCn still using: his somewhat
®? «4 ' damaged mouth to whia-
tie for compensation.
•t* ; fi«Hl That Is the point of
vlew the great money
JMKf^B lender takes. He chose
32fi^^- to stant * tf!e consequence"
PP^^ of a dynamite blast rath
„ . er than submit to extor
tion, and he. does not see why Cudahy
could not submit to the test of having his
son's eyes put out with vitriol.
.It was not a* thoughtless act on the part
of the wealthy father to pay his son's tor
mentors rather than take the risk of their
putting .their threats, into execution. He
is a man of phenomena! good sense In all
matters of business. He- has c'lmbed to
the 'top rung of the commercial ladder by
the exorcise of quickness, industry 8nd"
discretion: * ¦ ,
«.• lathe, time of .troubled when the life of
.his son and hla own happiness hung upon
his judgment, he did not 'hesitate tb casf
a stfle the. advice of the 'thief-catcher who
knew" criminals, and the atMreey who
knew laws and customs of men— left them
: both"< talking, deaf-eared, to* follow his
own decision; * : ••
/ It. showed; that In -his' opinion thoVman
of money. was helpless in thepower of the
childstealer.^A beef baron- with all the
power of, his, millions and the law. of the
; land . behind .' hi m^ yet there \was , no . hope
; butT In 'surrender.* If :' the captors carried
out their threat; then'
'All the King's horses and all the; Kind's men
Cuuld notputHumyty Uumpty together «r*>TV
The manstealers released him tn despair
The archfiend TVlntlirop. who planned
the abduction, deooyed the ag*<! man to
the lonely houss and then knocked hla
senseless, was soon caught by tn* active
police . and still lives in State's prison,
serving out a life sentence.
For many reasons It looks as though
the Cudahy abduction might ha-rs been
carried out by some of the same people
who participated In the Campbell affair.
or by persons who had mads a study of It
and avoided Its mistakes.
In the Campbell abduction the maa
thleves had reasoned well, but still easM
to fallacious conclusions. They took aa
old nan, wealthy and far from home,
but though 63 years of age. he was far
from being feeble and felled one> of his
captors with a blow of his fist. Further
more, the very fact of his aja made him
put such a light value upon the remainder
of his life that his affection for his fam
ily overwelghed It. Also as tha captors
had him bound hand and foot, and It was
necessary. to keep him «f>, ticre was.no
one' to draw the large sum of money from
the bank without exciting: suspicion. la
the Cudahy affair all of this was reversed.
The goose which was to lay the golden
egg was unhampered. The child was too
young to make troublesome resistance,
and that powerful force, parental affec
tion, which, brought to the test, overpow
ers'all other human emotions, was enlist
ed upon the side of the plottera. Cudahy
may have technically compounded a fel
ony, but he did it In obeyance of aa over
mastering force that eclipses all other
passions.
Where b the man who. In his placa,
would not hav* don* th* same 7
Wherever a stray boy was found wb*
came near the description there Ok* fatte
er rushed, only to find disappointment.
Tricksters and charlatan* of the prtrata
detective variety taw that his misforttsa*
made him an easy, subject for tTwtrrv^ %aA
they laid schemes without end to e*t Me
money.
He gradually tp«nt his entire fortaaa
In fruitless payment of rewards that nswer
were earned. His search for his mo
ended only at his death, and the latter
part of his traveling h« was enabled t*
do only by beta* the recipient at ehart
ty: for he dl«d poor and, the name of his
son Is at!U a lynonya far tha lrrecoTeva
ble.
Ban Francisco has already' had an *yU
sode of this sort, which, fortosatery owtBg
to the bravery of do Intended- Ttortax
was not a tragedy.
J. A. Campbell, a wealthy plaster «C
Hawaii, was accosted at the Ocd&nxtai
Hotel by a atracger who said thtUt bis
Invalid wife had been ordered to Hono
lulu for her health, but that she fc&md
the trip and climate; would the klaA
planter com* out to the house aad tsia
sure her?
On this errand of meroy th« «4d maa
went. He was overpowered. gu*-g*d aad
bound as he entered the door of a cottage
at 4109 California street. Here he was.
tortured and threatened with death un
less he would sign and cash a check torn
125,000— a favorite sum. apparently. wtUk
kidnapers.
For two day* the hrire old man t— tat*sV
saying:
"I have but a little time to trre: ktB
me; but my family s&all have the 1000*7
for which I have worked so bard. X will
not rob them."
The result was that for years ba cfc*s«d
back ar.d forth over the country hunting
false clues.
By advice of the police th« f«.t»«r took
tli« coursa which Sage would have rd
vised and refused to pay th« blackmail
ransom.
Mr. Ron of Philadelphia waa/lfte bim
relf, a rich mar.. H:.n little son wu stoi«a
on the atrceta by som» men who a*ke<3
Him to get in with tteia aad c*k» a rids.
Ills return was offered to the family for
twenty thousand dollars.
It means that tha brigand Is fcba« wtoaa
he chooses to commence his reign. Tk«
world Is his oyster which he may «p*n
by force "er" cunning as h* will.
Very easy for ths sores to my that
the father did wrong, but with the mea
ory of the lost Charley Rca* vividly la him
mind, as It must have b**rs. he mumt
congratulate himself on tn* difference la
results.
Evidently Mr. Cadafay'i estimate etf 0*
power of th* liw to protest la Get* h
amount* to nothing. K» C1C not gxr%
away the gross price of a fctmdre* th*O
tond tins of corned bc«f wlthoct dctsft
eome quick thinking before tnrnln* It
over to the men whom of all In tiw» -woaUk
he had most reason to **n*».
means., to' ':V**- '¦'¦+ « ransom, j- He' ,gavej
money and .encouragement, to the most
horyible" - criminals ' that" blacken;/ the
rogues' calendar— a crime that murderers/
robbers * thieves,"- burglars 1 and f all others
shun. ; .They j may; cause . red blood to • flow i
and seize 'red gold ¦ that j Is not theirs, but
they will not twist the heartstrings : of a
snr^HERE :is no reason why
jf there should be a general
epidemic of abductions and
kidnaping for the purpose of ex
torting money as is prophesied by
Pinkerton. Yet the crime, while net
probable, is always possible 'when
the monsters capable of committing
it are at large.
As to methods of prevention it
is impossible to do anything itj ad
vance to prevent occurrences like
this. It is easy enough to say that
children should not be allozved on
the streets alone or that men should
not go alone into strange places
with insistent ' strangers. Every
week tJiough bunko men are getting
people, smart fellows, tool some, of
tliem, into rooms and robbing them.
Crooks of this sort come into town
often unknown, hire rooms in re
spectable places and by one of '; the
aidless number of devices which
they make it their life business to
study they interest the victim. If
he is a mining man they have some
wonderfully rich^ samples to show
him from a mine which must be
sold for a song. If : a farmer they
have land maps or any one of a
hundred things and their devices
are as witching as those of ; the
Piper of Hamelin.
If this can be done every day*
with grown: smart ; business ¦ men
how much easier it is to entice away,
d, child or young person [from the'
streets?. They are helpless ytode-i
fend themselves from capture orito
escape afterward.'
CAPTAIN SEYMOUR EXPRESSES HIS
VIEWS ON THE SUBJECT.
to foretell the probabilities when
the facts are aet forth.
In a single day's work, "right
In your own town," as the adver
tisements for "agents wanted"
Fays, a few men cleared $25,000 in
pold, "$5, $10 and $20 pieces" they
sieclflrd, and so they pot them.
More mone'y than most 'of us
pet by a lifetime of hard work.
ICnough to make them independ
ent for life, except for the fact
that a curse usually goes with
money obtained in that manner,
and its evil genius punishes more
EUrely than human retribution.
This money, too, was gained al
most without risk, for the offense
under the law is so slight that
the ordinary vagabond suffers al
most as much penalty. Th« risk
was nearly nothing; the possibili
ties Rreat; the result as much as
the possibilities warranted. "
The way is open. It was done
by the great butcher when he
paid a fortur.e In what appeared
to have been, under some Inter
pretations of statutes, the com
po*undlng of a felony. He saved
his son, but he Imperiled the chil
dren of every man who has the
The abduction of children is little to be
feared when aJi are -igual or nearly so in
wealth or power. With the concentration
cf money Jn a few hands and the power
that it gives cemps the awful compensa
tion in the value that it puts upon the
lives of those who are dear to the holders
of money and the dangerous temptation
which they become co thn unscrupulous
as tempting subjects of larceny.
Happy is the count: y that has no his
tory ar.d almost as nappy is the family
that has ¦ no money. The physician finds
that they ne*d no medicine. The sur
ireon's knife leaves them unscathed; even
the devil spares them some temptations,
ar.d nature kindly dulls their senses to
inany pains. The child-steaJ«r will have
no terrors for them. Strong as their pa
rental love may be. iho kidnaper ¦will have
no chance to trade upon the strength of
thtlr parental aflecticns and coin their,
love for their children into gold more Ml
gotten than that of the ehoul who rob3
the graves.
It does not require a Plnkerton's genius
SUNDAY CALL.turning to captivity it again begins to
weep.
When seals are tormented they weep
and bellow In a way which expresses that
they are in distress. They do not exhibit
any vengeful feelings, like the ape. Their
weeping is sad and appeals to. the hearer,
with great force. While conducting the
weeping experiments 'on seals the French
savants were often deeply touched by the
piteous pleadings of the animals.
Some remarkable facts ¦ have been ob
served with regard to : the dolphin! This
fish, as , is well known, changes all its
colors when dying, but that 'phenomenon
Is not all; it weeps profusely. Just at the
moment of death It sighs as if in great
sorrow..' The sighing of the dolphin Is not
like the gasping forbreath of .'other fish.
It is deeply drawn and has almost human
qualities.
"It's always dangerous to jump at con
clusions," said the careful man. "You're
liable to: make yourself ridiculous, to say
the least." " _, •
. "That's right," replied the Jersey, com
muter; "I 'Jumped at ' the conclusion of a
ferry-boat: once, and: missed it."- 1 — New
York Weekly*
toads and found that every en« oS thos*
in the sandstone cells was dead. Their
bodies were considerably decomposed,
showing that they must hav» baen dead
for months. A majority of the larger
toads in the block of limestone w«r» alive,
but in every instance the glass covers
were cracked.
The toads were -weighed, and it was
found that No. 1 had decreased from 92-t
grains to 60S grains; No. 5, from, US3 to TZ3
grains, and No. D had increased from 9SS
to 1116 grains. In the case of No. 9 the
glass wag cracked and insects had got in
side, so that the toad had found plenty of
food. In the case of the other two toads,
while the glass was not cracked much of
the clay had fallen off and had. of course,
left an aperture.
The conclusions at which the professor
arrived were these: That toads cannot
live a year totally excluded from atmos
pheric air. and that, they cannot live two
years when they are totally deprived of
food.
Four toads were also placed In a block
of plaster of paris in cells four Inches
deep and five Inches In diameter. At tho
end of one year the toads nearest the sur
face were alive, the other two dead. Tho
professor concluded from this that plaster
of parls Is porous and admits air.
When a miner or a fanner finds a toad
In a piece of coal or in a tree he naturally
pays more attention to the toad than to
the cavity, and as no examination is ever
made until tho toad is discovered by
breaking the mass In which It Is contained
—when It Is too late to ascertain with pre
cision whether the cavity was air tight
no satisfactory results coud be obtained.
The professor's experiments, however, re
move all doubt as to tho remarkable vital
ity of toads.
Some toad3 placed in a specially pre
pared cavity of an apple tree by tho pro
fessor at the same time were all found u
OCCASIONALLY the discovery of live
toads lnc'.osed within blocks of
stone and wood, in cavities that ap
part ntly had no connection with the
outside air, has led to the common belief
that they can live without air. Toads
have quite frequently been found In trunks
of trees, and' have often been found by
miners deeply Imbedded In strata of coal.
With a view to ascertaining just how
true was the notion that toads do not re
quire air, the ReV. W. Buckland, late pro
fessor in the University of Oxford, recent
ly made some Interesting experiments,
. He first secured a large block of coarse
oolitic limestone and prepared twelve cir
cular 1 cells in It. each about one foot deep
and five Inches In diameter, and having a
groove or shoulder at Its upper margin so
fixed as to receive a circular plate of glass
and a circular piece of slate to protect the
glass; the margin of this double cover was
shut up tightly, so as to render It perfect
ly impenetrable to air and- water. He
then prepared twelve smaller cell3, each
six Inches in depth by five Inches In diam
eter. In a large block of . siliclous sand-
Stone, these cells also being covered with
glassy'and slate and fluted around with
soft clay.
The object of the glass covers was to
allow the toads to be seen without having
to remove the lids and thus let. in air and
Insects. The limestone was porous x and
was not Impervious to water, and prob
ably allowed air to get In also. The sand
stone, h6wever, was very compact.
One live toad was . then placed In each
cell, the covers were placed on and ce
mented down. The weight of each toad
was carerully ascertained by two physl
• dans, the smallest of the toads being
found to weigh 115 grains and the largest
11S5 grains. . The large i and small toads
were distributed equally between the lime
stone and the sandstone cells.
: Both stones " were- then burled -under
three feet of earth. After thirteen months
had elapsed.- the professor, eihumtd th«
however, between tho hostess and the
artistic dignity. Later on Lichtensteln-
Koevessy took h!s musicians to I^akc
wood, wI'.itc the Goiild-Casteiiane union
v.as In process of construction.
There was a great .ioal of gayety in the
resort and the services of the orchestra
were called for dally. Music was wanted
at the hotel and at private houses. The
orchestra was. most In] demand by the
Goulds.
One night the violinist's work was over,
he thought, and he went comfortably to
bed.
It was after midnight when he was
awakened.
"A message for you," he heard breaking
in upon a dream of nocturnes and sona
tas. ' The message proved to be from Mrs.
Gould. Music was wanted -immediately
at the hotel.
VThis is most disgusting," he protested
while getting into his clothes.
He could not go until the artistic hair
was brushed correctly and the mustache,
the delicate, subtle mustache, curved to
a nicety.
Then he hastened. He was altogether
displeased; at being awakened^ from the
Bleep which an artist needs,' but he felt
it best to hasten. .
When he reached 1 the hotel he found
that ho was expected in Its theater^ Here
he found a small party impatiently wait
ing for, him. ..
"Hurry up," .they cried. "We want to
dance."
They hurried him almost off his trim
little feet, 1 and heWentvon a trot to his
place and struck up before he had gotten
his bearings between A and G.
Only the 6o_uld family was present, and
the little Count. This was during Bonl's
courtship and he, was almost as good as
"one of the family already, , although he
had not yet made himself thoroughly at
home with the family bank account.
"A waltz," Anna cried. "No, that Isn't
lively enough. A two-step — hurry up— a
two-step."
The little Hungarian was so .confused
that V ' he wavered between , a schottlsche
and ' a ¦ polka; but , the party didn' t seem
to notice the , difference. .They .danced a
variation of a Sunday picnic two-step and
were well pleased. .-
The variation grew, before long, to be
nearly, tho real I thing, and. 'finally i\ was
' ' '' - • -"
The professor's granddaughter was lcok
lng at a half-tone portrait of Prince Al
bert of Flanders and the- Duchess Marl*
of Bavaria.
"Who ara these people, erandfather?'*
she- asked.
"Those are the Belgian heirs.** replied
the professor. — Chicago Tribune.
"But thof Astors, Sloanes, Goulds!
They r.re different." ,
Gay times, he said— big and little affairs
for wh'ch he played.
"They hear that music is fashionable. "
he :<ays. "therefore they wish to have tmi
f=ic. They talk while ore renders the works
of great composers. It maddens!
"Once Mr*. Kir.sdon. the mother of Mrs.
George GouMj. taid to me:
•" 'I, nif h jrS\° come an<i_play for m?
at a murj'cRle, To °ntcrtain my guests.'
"'Vfrywelj, «adani? said I.
'• 'Now where will you te plrccd?' she
asked.
"I chese the side of the room fror.)
which I judged that tho music \vou':J
sound best.
" 'But you can'-*' have that space/ sh<r
protested. *I need it for the guests.'
" 'Then upon this s!<>.' I safe.
" 'Not possible.* :-'ne t< piled. 'I m'J. ; "
have potted palma there.'
"And so on with every place I men
tioned. She complained each time that 1
would take up ton much room.
"Then I grew very angry. 'Is this to
be a musScale, madame?' 1 Inquired.
" 'Mo?t certainly,* cl»e resiled;
" 'A Tr.usir.ilp and no room for the rrr.j
6lc!' I retorted, with scorn. 'Then, m.i
dame,' said I; *j - ou had best purchase :i
music box which you can place up3fi tls*>
mantel yfcelf. 1 will not be placed up:m
the rrwintel shelf,' I told her.
"It was required by my digntty as ar.
Somehow matters were patched up,
wept real tears.
Ordinarily we do not look to the bear
for weakness. Bears do shed tear*, how
ever. Though the occasions are rare on
which Bruin may be observed to indulge
this womanly trait,' still the fact has been
ecientlncally recorded.
Eears, on the near approach of death,
•weep copiously. Their whole being seems
to be shaken with sorrow. They weep si
lently. "When a bear Is dying it lies on
its side, with the mouth open, and the
Fcalding tears pour freely from the eyes.
Just at the moment of death It gives vent
to a few almost human sobs, • '-;«,
mAXY animals express various
forms of sympathy for man; and
science has recently discovered
that animals actually weep.
A eeries of carefully conducted experi
ments have been made on a number of
animals, domestic and wild, and the fact
fcea been brought out that they actually
che i tears.
."To cry like a calf!" has long been a
proverb; but few who made use of it sup
posed that calves actually wept. The term
¦was an opprobrious one, denoting weeping
of a boisterous sort— a clownish bellow
ing.
Now, It comes to light, through experl
xnents conducted by Geoffroy Salnt-Hil
cire, F. Cuvier, E. Tennent and others,
that calves do possess lachrymal glands,
¦which operate on occasions which give
their corners distress.
Deer are also endowed with a similar
tppaxatus, and when a stag is at bay It
"weeps hot tears." On examining the
eyes of wounded deer It was found that
they were literally swimming with tears,
caused by the pa!n and alarm under which
the animal labored.
On removing a calf from Its mother
tears were seen to be streaming from its
eyes lor.g after the first excitement had
passed over. This seemed real grief and a
special record was kept of that case. On
examining other . calves, under similar
circumstances, the fact came out that all
When the giraffe is wounded, if the pain
be severe, it shods tears, and its grief is
not allayed until the wound censes to
throb. Giraffes have brr>n eeen to weep
also from wounds, which. wTiile not es
pecially painful, are disfiguring to the fine
coat with which their body Is adorned.
Perhaps the esthetic taste of the giraffe
Is wounded deeply at the disfigurement;
perhaps Its soul cannot bear tho sight of
blood. These latter points yet remain
mysteries to science.
Elks weep when wounded, especially if
the wound be slight in its nature. On
deeply wounding an elk no tears are ob
servable. It is the smarting superficial
wound that brings out the tears in this in
stance.
The lachrymal duct of the ape opens on
slight provocation. When vexed an ape
will cry. especially if he is unable to re
taliate. Apes have also been seen to weep
when badly frightened.
The ape is also afflicted, when alarmed,
with a nervous chattering- of the teeth,
very much like the 'nervous chill" which
human brings sometimes have under sim
ilar circumstances. ¦
Elephants, in captivity, have been
known to weep Incessantly. Captivity! is
borne by elephants with little grace. All
are restless most of the time, and some
never cease to shed- tears.
When an elephant has been unsuccess-
ful In an attempt to escape it seems his
spirit is forever after downcast. Keepers
of elephants under these circumstances
have found that the poor brutes cry most
of the time.
Elephants have always exhibited very
human traits; but this one" of crying
brings them closer, to the human family
than any other attribute.' An elephant
weeps practically for the same cause
which would make a man weep. On set
ting the animals free, which has been
done for experiment, tear shedding; im
mediately ceases and the animal returns
to its cheerfulness of disposition, On r*.
evident that a select group cf the Four
Hundred was on a time.
"Skirt dancing Is more fur. than this."
said Anna at last.
Thsreupon she left the encircling waltz
arm of Bonl and ascended the stage.
"With nn admiring family about her (all
admiring save Helen) she performed a
skirt (lance that regarded few of the laws
of dar-clns. However, her kicks atoned
for any irregularities in the two-step.
Anna proved to be a superb kicker.
Then* is no telling where she had learned
the art, but she was mistress of it.
Eon! de Castellane gazed in admiration
that opened his mouth. He stood spell
bound^ until the premiere danscuse cried:
I"Ccrne on/Boni boy; ses if you can beat
o."
Upon that George leveled a horizontal
alking stick and the contest commenced.
"One. two. three." and she hit it.. "One.
vo, .three," end he dirt likewise.
George raised It higher and one-two
;reeJ ajrain. This time Anna knocked
nearly out of his hand, while only the
tiny tip cf the little Count's shoe touched
Again and she hit the mark. He failed.
"Hurrah for Anna! Anna's the little.
Inner!" .iccl.iimert the assembly.
Th«-n she was borne off the stage upon
masculine shoulders and Bonl palled up a
POtted palm and presented It to her by
way of a bouquet.
"She can keeck," squeals Mr. Lichten
stein-Koevessy in wondering recollection.
"How she can keeck!"
The memorable event In the Fiddler's
history was the Bradley-Martin ball.
Part of the JIOO.OCO that the host spent,
against the expressed wish of his un
invited, countrymen, went Into Air.
Koevessy'a pocket. He and hl3 musicians
were hidden under the pink roses in the
reception-room and there they greeted tha
guests Immediately after llrs. Bradley-
Martin passed them on.
"It was gr-rande. ah so gr-r-rand," he
remembers. "The hostess wore tha
r-r-rcpe of diamonds, of which I had
heard. I saw it very near that night. It
made a queen of her.
"She was queen of the night and John
Jacob Astor was king. Before the guests
assembled they had, a slight Quarrel over
the way in which the affair should be
lead, but It was nothing as quarrels go.
I have seen Mr. and Mrs. Sloane flghtlnjr
like the cook and coachman over a trifle.
"All the ladles looked beautiful at that
ball, so dazzling were the costumes and
the pains taken in arranging them so
great. Every skilled hairdresser In Ne.u»
Tork had been employed preparing . tha
guests for the occasion. Art can do much,
I hear that it has mada a good-lookiner
¦woman of the Countess da Castellane. I
wonder can she ever leara to dross? She
had always the fault of wearing costumes
for display of riches, not display of grace.
"Miss Helen Gould would say. 'That
gown la not appropriate. Anna.' and Anna
would reply, 'Do you think I may not
wear what I please?* Not very congenial.
I think, those two sisters.
"There la not enough Independence tn
being at the beck and call of those. I
wish to lead my own orchestra, as I wish."
So It comes about that Maximilian
Lichtenstein-Koevessy, the 'dapper little
Hungarian, who so nearly resembles tha
Count de Castellan* that BoTit himself
can tell the difference only la lucid Inter
vals—It comes about that he la no longer
Fiddler to the Four Hundred.
*-ipUE i-our Hundred art- glad to dance.
but loth to pay their piper."
il This Is the opinion of Maximilian
Uehtenstein-Kcevessy, who is now
the director of the orchestra at the
Louvre In this city. He ought to know,
for before coming here he fiddled for big
dances r.r.d small, all the way from the
Brau5-y-Mnrtir.s' J^),000 shock io the
eiure nous kicks with which Anna Gould
entertained her liuSe Count during the
period of courtship. "They like to dance.
but they do not like to pay." says Maxi
milian LSchtenstein-ICcevessy.
"I tc!I them the price and they cry:
•Ah, ve are bavins hard times. We can
not afford s-o much money. Make it cheap
er.' 1 hey fear sa to spend a. few dollars."
So it conies to pass that the dainty little
violinist, the dapper little orchestra lead
er at the Louvre has brought from New
Tork few shekels but a comfortable dish
Cf gOESip.
His hardly-won musical education of
Budapest and his Amati. a sift of King
Jcseph, were the capital which he brought
to America. Upon his arrival a valuably
elgned letter of introduction presented
fcim and his accomplishment to the swell
eet.
He was just what they had been want
ing. He was a stranger and they took
) .:. in.
Mrs. Sturvesant Flsrh was going to give
a xnusicale. He would do for the music
Jchji Jacob Astor was making out his
blacklist for a ball. The Hungarian and
fcis musicians would fill a corner neatly.
Coafuela Vanderbilt enjoyed music for
music's sake. The Hungarian was a born
er.d made artist and she liked to have him
£lay and talk to her about music.
He eaw palmy days ahead. As it turned
out the palmy Cays mostly consisted of
hard work, Email pay ar.d being bullied.
Kow *a<* then, especially in Washington.
fce was well treated.
"Mr. Levl P. Morton is a most kind gen
tleman," he says, "and his daughters are
musical. Therefore his treatment is al
*ways most appreciative. He kno-srs what
tt means that I am a graduate of Buda
pest's Conservatory of Music and a pupil
ef Gobbl and Hubay.
"AJso Mrs. Anna WolcotL She is my
benefactress. She sent me back to Europe
•with CB.003 that I might study further.
Khe la a noble woman.
-
THE SUNDAY CALL;
2
WHAT THE "FIDDLER" TO NEW YORK'S
"400" HAS SEEN
ANIMALS THET WEEP WHEN
THEIR FEELINGS ARE HURT
HE PROOVED HOW LONG A
TOAD LIVES WITHOUT AIRstated that he had pursued. the moose for
four "days and had killed It near the head
waters of the StewarE'River, two or three
hundred miles from Dawson \ Citv. the
chief town : of the Klondike River dJs-
After killing him,. however, he felt a su
perstitious fear; of I selling 1 , the head and
determined never to part with It except
on the compulsion of, absolute want. Four
years later "Scotty" was killed In a snow-
kindness than In Gr«at Britain, and with
more cruelty. than In Italy, and the treat
ment accorded to them in the other coun
tries may fairly be gauged according: to
the number of murders committed la
each.
fur tmslneM for thirty years or more and
who has devoted special pains and con
siderable sums of money to securing the
tersest known cane beads. His name is
W. F, Ebeard, and be la the possessor of
among taxidermists ;. and sportsmen of
splitting the skulls of animals before
inountlnj? them, so as to secure a wider
spread of the horns, Sheard has left this
bead unmounted.
/ The largest elk head on record Is a re
markably graceful one. ' The horns are
seventy inches long and their spread is
sixty-eight inches.
The record Rocky Mountain sheep head
The moose head has a curious story con
nected with it. For 'several years the In
dians around Fort Selkirk. arid the mouth
of" the Stewart . River ' in the Northwest
Territories of Canada frequently told tho
traders about a huge moose that they
had often seen but. had not been - able to
kill. In course of time a superstitious
feeling of reverence for the mysterious
beast which escaped unhurt from all their
attacks came over the Indians, who,de
clared it to be the reincarnated spirit of
some great warrior. The traders, however,
paid no attention to 4 he story, setting it
down as one of the fables that , all tribes
of Indians tell. But in October, 1897. a
French half breed came Into the post and
All the above mentioned trophies "have
been on constant exhibition in Sheard's
show room and were measured before
being mounted by, hundreds of sportsmen
and others. The measurements were most
carefully madje with steel tapes by many
persons and are absolutely exact;. the rec
ords have all been published in Rowland
Ward's "Records of ' Big Game," which
is published In London and is the accept
ed authority among sportsmen.
The record cariboo head has horns 54^4
inches long, with a spread of 51^ Inches
and forty prongs.
I have not. at hand the dimensions of
the grizzly bear hide shown in" the pho
tograph, but the comparatively small size
of the figure of the man standing In front
of It shows what. an enormous creature
its living" owner must have been.
. ¦ .- . •_>'¦' ¦' ' ¦ ¦ "'¦¦' ¦ - "
has horns which are 52% inches long, with
a curcumference of 18^ Inches, and Is
valued at $1500.
These figures, he maintains, are Just
what might be expected. In no country,
he says, are animals treated with more
Out of every million inhabitants, he
says, there are in England and Ireland
only six murderers; In Germany. U; In
Belgium, j4; In France, 16; In Austria, 23;
In Hungary, 67; In Spain>83, and In Italy.
93. , .
According to an Ingenious statistician,
who has been at work on the subject ever
since the assassination of King Humbert
of Italy, the greatest number of murders
is likely to be committed In that country
in which animals are treated with tho
most cruelty.
white men went out from Port Selkirk
and the carcass was brought In. Next
year the head was sent down the Yukon
River to Tacoma and was sold to SheaVd,
who Is known to be always ready to pur
chase record game heads. ,
The mountain sheep was killed by an
old hunter named "Scotty" Macdougall in
the Selklrks^of British Columbia after a
long' and arduous stalk. Macdougall said
that he followed the sheep from one range
to another over a distance of several hun
dred miles and found him the craftiest old
ram he ever tried to capture. Though he
tried many long shots at him he never
succeeded in hitting him. At last, after
stalking him for weeks, he left his coat
and cap on a wooden cross and, making
a long circuit with the Vlnd fn his favor,
he came up within seventy-five yards of
the animal, who was still watching the
scarecrow Intently. For a while the old
hunter was too nervous to shoot, but at
last he fired and wounded the ram fatally.
trlet. When the hnnter tried to get soms
Indians to help him carry the carcass In
the superstitious men absolutely refused
to accompany him. and for a long: time the
tribe would not forget what was consid
ered a sacrilegious act. At last some
In addition to the record Bpcctmena de
scribed above W. F. Sheard possesses an
extremely valuable collection of furs and
of Arctlo Tivfflin beskftts, weapons, etc.
In his bly show room there are no fewer
than two thousand sable skins and count
less other valuable furs. The six black
fox skins In the foreground of the pic*
ture are valued at $5000. JL single rare fox
skin at the March sales In London fetchoi
$3500 and at the recent sale In October
two skins were sold for the same larg<*
sum.
eiiae snti Us partner sold the head to
Bhe&rd, for whom It h&4 originally been
killed.
The largest moose head on record has
horns with a spread of "5 inches
and forty-three prongs. The largest pre
viously known specimen was also owned
by Sheard and was sold bv him to th<j
Duke of Westminster for $1500. It had a
spread of seventy-two inches, or six feet.
The same price Is set on the head now
owned by Sheard. As there Is a practice
Sheard has seen and dealt In enormous
quantities of fur-bearing animals and
hides. He was in Montana for twenty
five years buying: hides and heads. In the
five years from 1S73 to 1SS4 he bought no
fewer than S3 ,000 buffalo hides, and he ha3
seen spots where a man could walk for a
half-mile on the carcasses of buffaloes.
At that time^his sole thought was to buy
hides, and he preserved no heads. One,
however, out of all the thousands did at
tract his attention, from the fact of Its
being nearly twice as large as any of the
others lying on the range. This is the
record buffalo head, the horns of which
have a spread of 35 Inches, their circum
ference at the base being 15'i Inches and
their length 21M: inches. The head Is val
ued at $1000.
a finer collection of furs and game heads
than can be found elsewhere in the United
States.
*i —^ VERY one knows how the buffalo,
(¦ — •}
¦which once roamed in countless
t\ 9 myriads over a large part of the
American continent, has practical
ly been extt-rmir.ated by increasing popu
lation and the reckless use of the repeat
ing rifle, only a few very small herds, and
most of these semi-domesticated, being
row In existence. And not only Is tlie
buffalo nearly extinct, but all large game
animals are rabidly becoming scarcer.
Moose and Rocky Mountain sheep are
almost killed en*, and grizzly bear are
rarely peer.. A really fine moose or griz
rly takes from twenty to forty years to
attain his full growth, and nowadays no
big animal ie permitted to live so long,
for If a hunter strikes his trail be keeps
en. It till he kills his victim. The elk is
. almost the only large game animal that
exists in considerable numbers, many be
ir.g FtiU left in Montana. "Wyoming, Idaho
and Colorado.
In view of the scarcity and approaching
extinction of the large game of North
America 1j '• tatisfaetory to know that
the nnest rjea/J^ on record of the principal
fpecies of large game rjaimals of the
American continent are to be found on
the Pacific Coast. Up in Tacoma there
lives a man who has been In the hide and
THE SUNDAY CALU "
3
THE
WORLD'S
RECORD'" In "Shall We Believe in a Divine Provi
dence," D. W. Faunce, 1D.D., makes no
attempt to solve all. the mysteries of
providence. He even holds that- mystery
In part, during his present life, Is itself a
providential arrangement; giving,' as it
does, room for trustfulness and incentive
to courage. But there are .some 'very
serious misunderstandings which make for
men a needless and harmless mystery;
Shall We Believe in a Divine Provi
dence p;.
A Godson of Lafayette.
Elbridge S. Brooks, the well-known his
torical writer for boys, has written an
'excellent book in "A Godson of Lafay
ette." The work is intended as the sec
ond in the series of "Sons of ;he Repub
lic," the first one of; which dealt with the
adventures .of Tom Edwards, I the son of
the P^volutlcn. j In the present volume
Mr. Brooks gives a dramatic. account 'of
that phase of .American history which
deals with ¦ Elcazer 'Williams' crazy at
tempt to unite the Indians of America
into one great confederacy, which should
dominate and control the -West. Eleazer
Williams believed that he was the los»t
Dauphin of France, son of Louis XVI atirt
in line for the, throne. .In this story he
wins the^ boyish heart of the hero by
his glowing accounts of what he Intends
to accomplish. The youth goes through
all kinds of interesting adventures ero he
has his ideals in regard to Williams final
ly and effectually shattered. ,
This book, as are all: of Mr. Brooks'
works In this order. Is exceptionally ac
ctlrate In historical details, and will com
bine mutjh instruction ss well as pleas
ant reading for the fortunate youth who
Is afforded the opportunity of perusing
Its pages. (Published by W. A. Wilde
Company, Boston. Price $1 50.) ¦
lines have an artistically finished effect
scarcely equaled. In the present collec
tion "The Sphinx" occupies the place, of
prominence*, although not the longest— it
earns the position, however, through the
originality of the thr;i;ghj expressed. The
last four stanzas of the reply of the
Sphinx to man's (luestloning road:
""from the silence that I hold
Thou would*st my meaning tear?
My riddle would'st unfold,
And Icy my secret bnre?
"Fool! thrice fool Indeed I
Back to thy folly so'.
RMcile?— There's none to read!
Secret?— There's none to know!"
She ceased; and a vapor ctirl'd
Over the face of the shy; '
And behold— no Sphinx— no world— •
. Nothing— not even II
If I recall it arl-jht.
This is the dream- 1 dream'd.
It did not seem strange in the night.
Waiting, how strange It seemed!
.' The quatrains which close the book arc
<iy /7ILL1AM HENRY HUDSON, pro
\Y\// . fessor of l*'S llsh at the Leland
w'M 'Stanford Jr. University since
1S02. has just issued through his
publishers, -Messrs. Klder & Shepard of
San -Francisco, some charming verse un
der the. title, "Tho Spninx and Other
Poems." j His poem* possess tho touch of
sympathetic sincerity to a degree anil his
WfTTfatr* R^y F^Udsprj.
?•specially well chosen. Here are three
which will tend -to give an idea of their
excellence: .''j «
PAST AND PIIESENT.
This same day's actions will to-morrow b* ¦
Tart of thy heritage of memory.
Think well, ho%- much each present, at the last.
Of cood or evil draws from out the i<ai>t!
REALISM.
Obscene lmaglnlnf.«— gibbering shapes impure—
The refuse oT the .gutter and the sewer—
With these the dreary unclean page ia rife.
Aud the treat aitist tolls us— this is life.
CARI'E DIEM^
Live while you live. Life calls for all your
power*;
This ins-tai.t day your utmost strength demands.
He. wastes himself who stops to watch the
sanfli",
And. mlecr-HUe. hoard up the golden hours.
Professor Hudson was born in Kngland
in 1SS3; was librarian of Sioa College, Lon
don. '18S5-C; librarian City Liberal Club,
London, 1SS9-90; assistant librarian Cornell
University, 1S01-2. He was for some time
with Herbert Spencer and has written a
most valuable Introduction to that great
thinUer's works on philosophy. He Is a'.so
an author well established in the higher
fields of .literature through his writing
on "The Church and the Stage," "Studies
in Interpretation," "idle Hours in a Li
brary," "The Study of English Litera
ture," etc.
Instructions in Hypnotism.
Plain Instructions in Hypnotism and
Mesmerism" is the title of a small book
recently written by Al E. Carpenter, for
thirty years a demonstrator of practical
psychology.
Hypnotism is constantly attracting more
antj more attention, and no other man In
tills country- is' quite so\wcll able to give
a plain, popular and yet scientifically ac
curate account .of its nature and uses for
the -instruction and entertainment of the
general reader . as Professor Carpenter.
The thousands who have been amused and
instructed by- him during ;the last thirty
years will rejoice to know that he has
at last consented to Isstre a book In which
he tells tho public all he cpn, and in the
clearest possible manner. Part II is -de
voted to the narrations of psychic ex
periences, strange but true, and the book
concludes with a strong
chapter on auto-suggestion. (Published
by Leo & . Shepard, - Boston. Price, 75
cents.) '
. Adventures of Joel Pepper.
Every one remembers the "Five Little
Peppers and How They Grew," and the
dear, homely, delightful "little brown
house" which Margaret Sidney told about
so well. The friends pftthe little Peppers
will.be glad to know that there has been
recently publlshefl another volume about
the same family. "The Adventures of
Joel Pepper" is 'the story of the irrepres
sible Joel, Joey or Joe, who, while he was
the harum-scarum of the Pepper family,
is nevertheless ¦ a prime ; favorite > with all
readers simply because he is so full of life
and so often getting into, "scrapes." Mar
garet ; Sidney, also, "it, Is evident, Is quite
as fond ; ofj this ', well-meaning,' heedless
and lovable small boy aS are. her readers,
and her story of Joel, his adventures and
A book upon a subject so Important aa
American banking prepared under the di
rection of Buch an authority as Mr. Knox
:nerits the attention of every etudent of.
our history or of banking problems. In
this country there have been almost all
kinds and forma of banking known to
man. The FYEtema tried in one State were
revcr exactly the same as those tried in
another, and moreover. In all of the older
Slates several different systems were
tried one after another hb each successive
one failed to produce, good results. The
work contains a comprehensive review of
all these experiments, and In that respect
may be called a storehouse of wisdom
drawn from experience for the enlighten
ment of legislators in providing banking
law?. #
Before entering upon the record of
banks In the United estates, Mr. Knox de
votes a chapter to the origin and devel
opment of banking in Europe from the
days of the Banks of Venice and Amster
dam down to the latest regulations for
the bar.ks of England and France. He
ihcn proceeds to American affairs, begin
ning with the establishment of banks and
tho Issues of paper money by the colonies.
ia interestfxiff account follows of the
Then It is discovered that instead of
being killed by the King Don John has
been merely stunned by his fall. The
King, glad to escape so easily tho conse
quences of bis act, withdraws his opposi
tion to the union of his brother and Do
lores and the etory ends In the conven
tional way most pleasing to the majority
cf readers. (Published by the Macmlllan
Company, New York. Price fl 50.)
3anking in the United States.
Or.e cf the more notable publications of
the season Is "A History of Banking in
the United States," by the late John J.
Knox, who after five years as Deputy
Comptroller and twelve years as Comp
troller of the Currency, became president
cf the National Bank of the Republic in
?Ccvr York, and in that position estab
lished a reputation as a banker second to
rone in the country. The work Is a com
pilation rather than a completely digested
history, for it is composed largely of pa
pers written by a corpa of writers in vari
ous States. The whole has been revised
by Bradford Rhodes and EL H. Young,
toltors of the Bankers' Magazine. Thus
the authorship of Mr. Knox appears to
have consisted in writing a portion of the
work and directing vrhat other material
should be used.
private chamber. Dolores, by threaten
ing to expose Philip, gains an order fcr
th<> reieaf.e of Mendoza.
ON'E who enjoys a *tory for the '
euyry'e sake will take pleasure in .
"The Palae* of the King." by Mar
lon Crawford, which Is now putf
li?hed in book form after having appeared
as a serial In one of the magazines. It is
a romance pure and simple— all diversity
of Incident with no attempt at anaylsis
«tf character. Now that the romantic
r.ovel is having a renewal of its day, al
most any story tnat Is written in readable
Engllfh and crowded with a sufficient
number cf stirring scenes stands a good
chance of being sold by the thousand and
perhaps even attaining to the dignity of a
Christmas edition with binding and illus
trations of the most approved elegance.
While this last book of Crawford's is
better than some of the novels of the
year which have mot with success, it is
r.ot a book that will repay a second
reading, as its chief charm lies In its
wealth of novel incident, and in the swift
unfolding of Its plot. Still, the romance
is well worth one readlnp to a person who
cares for the class of fiction to which It
belong?.
It may not be amiss In this connection
to quote a short paragraph written by the
late Eugene Field in 1S94. which read:
"The new National Library will have
rpace for four million books. We men
tion this merely to encourage Mr. F.
Marlon Crawford to keep right on."
"Whether or not Mr. Crawford has been
actuated by Mr. Field's good advice Is a
hard matter to say— but certain it is that
he has "kept right on." and Judging from
the number of volumes he has turned out
rince 1SS4 and others ar.jjfunced to follow
the present work he ce2\ainly Intends to
••keep richt on."
The palace of the King, which Is the
F.-ene of the stcry, is the Moorish Palace
In Madrid, where Philip the Second ho^d
lii.s court. The principal characters" arc
the Kinp's half-brother. Don John of
.Austria, and a maid of honor to the
Queen. The entire took is taker, up with
Th«? chief events of an afternoon and even
ing at court. Mr. Crawford shows his skill
end his esperier.ee as a story-teller in the
Clever combination of circumstances
which does not let the interest of. the
r f -.ider flag.
When the story opens. Don John of Aus
tria is al.out to return to Madrid fr>m a
Fiiccessful campaign which he ha:- been
carrying on apuinst the Moors. On hi?
prrival he is crated by the fopulaee with
viM enthusiasm and l«y hi>« brother
tilth jealous hatred which Philip can
Eccreeljr conceal under n pretense of prat-
Itude ard ¦JEablUty. Don John is the idol
cf the people, who see embodied In him
tho qualities cf ihe heroes of romance
Joined with a praciousnes? and sweetness
Vr.r different from the moroseness of the
Kins. Rut tincie ?.s is the welcome of
i\'.k- people; it cannot have for Don John
iho charm of the .ioy.yh«wn at hi< return
by Dolores de Mendoza. a beautiful maid
of lionor, to whem he is secretly be
ln ;hed. Dolores is the daughter of a
nobleman devoted h^art and soul
t<» the interests of the Ring, who knows
that a marriape between Don John and
his daucht<"r would be too unequal to
have the approval cf the Kins and who,
therefore, has done a!l in his power to
k.-« p his daughter away from Don John.
So the meotin? between Dolores and the
Prince has to be in secret. When Dolores
t-ecs Don John, she tells him of the threat
«'f her father to send hrr to a convent
where ehe will be eafely guarded from
the Bisfat <-f the Prince, and where she
v.ill end her days, unless she promises to
rivt- up all idea of marrying Don John.
Don John, kr.owir.s that the King will
secor.d the? effort* of Mendoza to pre
vent his union with Dolores, decides to
carry her away to r place of safety where
tbry can be married. Unable to trust
eny one with his plan, he conceals Do
lores in one of his apartments while he
prepares for flight. The King comes to
Vtatt the Prince and Is received in a
room adjoining that in which Dolores is
looked. Philip prows enraged at Don
John and strikes him to the floor, ap
parently killing him. Dolores hears the
Quarrel, its end. and then the entrance of
her father. She hears Mendoza implore
the King to let him bear the blame cf
the murder. The King consents and then
departs to go to the throne room, where
he is to receive the nobles of the court.
Soon after the reception begins Mendoza
appears before the King to confess the
murder of Don John. Mendoza Is led
away to prison, followed by the execra
tions of the infuriated people.
Dolores meanwhile has escaped from th«
Prince's apartment through a window.
In order to save her father she file? to
the- throne room and before the assembled
court tells of her presence near the scene
of the quarrel and of the death of the
Prince by some one other than her father,
though the does not say that it Is the
King who is the murderer. She is sent
before the King, who has retired to a
tarly banking acts of Congress, Including
an elaborate history of the famous con- t '.
test between the United States Bank and
President Jackson.
Interesting as is th* account of the
United States Bank, perhaps the student
of politics as applied to finance may flud
more Instruction In the record eiven of
State banks. The various papers on that
portion of the general subject constitute
a special feature of the work and add
much to Its value. . . ¦
The volume is handsomely printed, is
Illustrated with steel engravings of the ¦
more .eminent financiers of the republic,
and contains brief biographical sketches
reviewing their work not only in finance,
but in our political history generally."
(Published by Bradford, Rhodes & Co.,
New YorkO. '.':'.}.- -i''
" Spencer's "First Principles."
Herbert Spencer's "First Principles" has
become an established classic of philo
sophical literature, eo tnat the appear
ance of a new edition to meet public de- '
mand Is not surprising; nor is it neces
sary to make any comment upon the na
ture of a work so well known even to
those who have not read it but who have
learned of it through the widespread pop
ularity given to its essential elements and
doctrines. Evolution has become the ac
cepted philosophy of the time,' and this
work stands to-day as it did when it was
first published, as the cleverest, the ab
lest and the most forceful presentation
of the principles upon which that philos
ophy Is based.
The preface to the new edition (the
sixths, dated April 27, l!X>0. says: "In ten
days more forty years will h«ve passed
since the liist Irr.rs of • tills work were
written. Nothing was done to it until
1SG7. when a further development of it?
Icad'ng conception necessitated reorgan
ization of ihe second part. In 1ST5 some
changes were made in the chapters on
•The Indestructibility of Matter.* 'The
Continuity of Motion' and "The Persist
ence of Force.' more fully harmonizing •
the vitws set forth in them v.-ith the con
ception at that time reached. , Since then
there have been Introduced no alterations
v.orth mentioning."
The new edition makes many changes
of Illustrative passaged and contain?
many Improvement* in the form In which
the subject Is rretcr.teJ. ' In revising the
work afi-T so many years. Mr. Spencer
eays: "I am able to criticize my ex
position as though it had come from an
other. I discover a good rte::l of redu:i'*
ance. superfluous words, phrases, clauses'
and occasional paragraphs. The erasure
of these, while it has. I believe, conduced
to lucidity, has entailed considerable
abr!dg:ment; so tluit notwithstanding
many additions, the work is nuw dimin
ished by fifty pases."
Tho edition Is provided with~a striking
portrait of the author when 7«. ycanj old.
(1'ubiished by D. Appleton '. & Co., New-
York. Price *-'.)
The Spiritual Significance.
In "The Spiritual Sijniiticanee" Lillian
Whiting gives us another of her so-called,
•'spiritualistic'' books. The title comes
fmm "Aurora Lieigh," where, she also
finds her keynote:
"If a man could feel, not one day in the
artist's ecstasy, but every. day. feast, fast
or working day, the spiritual signiticance
burn through the hieroglyphic of material
shows, henceforward he would paint the
globe with wings.". „ . >. , ¦ . -
She brings to her work most conscien
tious study and quotes scientists and lit
terateurs glibly. In the chapter "Pj;yehlc
Communication" she Kives full ' accounts
of interviews with her lifelong friend
(Kate Field) through Mrs. Piper, the me
dium employed by t'ae "Society f"r Psy
chical Research."' and she claims that
several members of that society, "such as
Professor William James of Harvard. Sir
William Crookes. F. W. H. Myers*. Pro
fessor SIdgwick of Cambridge (England).
Dr. Richard Hodgson and Professor Oli
ver Lodge, president of an English col
lege, unreservedly announce^thcir convic
tions that there Is intercourse between
those in the seen and in the unseen
worlds."
She believes it to be only a question of
time before the world shall see "the de
velopment/ of nan's psychic faculties.'
making each individual to enter directly,
without benefit of medium. Into communi
cation with those in the unseen world."
The aim of this book, as of all her oth
ers. Is to prove the close correspondence
between the developments of . modern sci
ence and spiritual law?. A constant sense
of the divine presence, she reiterates, en
nobles life lierp and brings us Into closer
relations vritrrthoFe in the spiritual world.
(Published hy L'ttle. Brown & Co. Cloth
Jl, decorated cloth 51 25.) . .
Faiths of Famous Men.
"Faiths of Famous Men." compiled and
edited by John Kcnyon Kilbourn, D.D.,
Is a unicue work. There has never- be
fore, perhaps, been an attempt to gather
Into one volume a consensus of the per
sonal opinions of the world's great thlnk
cr» and doers upon the leading topics of
religious belief, and Dr. Kilbourn's. work,
thf rc-fore, stands alone. The extent of his
performance shows tireless industry and
tho widest range of patient reading.. He
gives us Augustine and Irenaeus, Wik
lifre, Luther and Calvin, Bishop Butler,
Phillips Brooks and Dr. McCosh, Tom
Paine and Robert Ingersoll, \ Grover
Cleveland, Benjamin Harrison and; Wil
liam McKinlcy, Confucius, Socrates and
Mohammed, Jew and Gentile, heretic and
true believer, agnostic and devotee,
dreamer and thinker, poet, Fdentlst, sol
dier, statesman and man of affairs in
every walk of life. More than five hun
dred people, women as well as men, are
here made to speak for themselves \ in
numberless extracts. It is a sort of dic
tionary of personal faiths and a book of
vivid Interest as well as a valuable work
of reference. To the preacher, the writer,
the public speaker, the teacher or. thfe
journalist it is a volume -whose 'uses are
evident; and certainly it may have a place
in any library for constantly recurring
use as well as for present .readable Inter
est. !>• «
The arrangement divides' .the subject
Into nine topics — "God," "Creation," "The
BIBle." "Christ." "Immortality," "The
Millennium," "The Intermediate State,"
"Resurrection,'' "Heaven,", and in each
division the quotations are given under
the authors' name alphabetically. There
1b also a full Index. (Published by Henry
T. Coates & Co., Philadelphia. Price ?2.)
Yankee Enchantments.
In "Yankee Enchantments" that genial
humorist. Charles Battell Loomis, intro
duces us to a strictly new, kind of : fairy
tale. Mr. Loomls' is a thoroughly scien
tific, up-to-date fairy tale; It takes ac
count of trolley cars, liquid air, automo
biles, and village libraries. It Is, in this
way. thoroughly practical. , And yet It ia
Just as fairy-like as any other. fairy tale.
Simply by the power and spell of his hu
mor, in the heart of Connecticut and New
Jersey, under circumstances the most
matter-of-fact and realistic, the fairies
perform their strangest tasks and play
their most fantastic pranks with entire
convincingness. The boy who became' en
dowed - with more than a steam engine's
strength whenever he filled himself up
his pranks, his impulsiveness and his con
trition, his love for Mamsle and his Inev
itable retreat to the mother arms of that
unfailing fount of admonition, reproof,
and forgiveness, is one of the best vol
umes in the famous Pepper set." (Pub
lished by the Lothrop Publishing Com
pany, Boston. Price 11 50.)
vivV:. The Fields of Dawn. .
* Considering a sonnet as a fourteen
line poem written in iambic pentameter
and rhymed according to diagram, many
sonnets are written, j Considering it as
a poem, few sonnets have appeared In
contemporary literature.
Lloyd Mifflln's new volume contains
some pages of the latter. For the most
part, "The Fields of Dawn" is more
studied than Inspired, but now and then
the true poetical feeling hides in the
formal lines. A touch of wistful sad
ness in many lines suggests itself as more
adapted to lyric form than to the stately
Bonnet. "The Dying Day," "Estranged,"
"Fettered," mourn even In their titles.
Neither is such a theme as the elder press
adapted to this form, as is evident in the
lines:.
The waiting load of pippins yet to aquteae.
And "' ¦¦¦-¦''
Then dr&wior forth the barrel's foamy buns.
But in VTo an Aged Poet" . there Is no
lack of dignity; no whimpering complaint.
It is written in the true spirit of the son
net and is worthy the name. r
What If the boat be drifting down the stream.
And oars, well worn, hang Idly by its side?
Muet man forever pull against the tide :*\1\
Nor bask a little .in the sunset beam?
O, v.-firker in the plerioua realm of dream,
Hert thou awhile, and 1st the river gul'la:
Far— far beyond tiice, as the waters' (IM?,
Bt-hold the D^auteous City, golden, gleam 1 .
Vox not thy soul, nor fear the coming night :
When evening coea, rhail burst the mornlPS
light
O'er all the otean of eternity:
He *ure, O friend, thero ia a Destiny
That holds the rudder. *nd that steers aright-
Then let the current sweep us to the sen'.
(Published by Houghton, Mlfflln & Co.,
Boston. v Price Jl.)
The Young Bandmaster.
Captain Ralph B«. nohill has plven pleas
ure to many a boy and girl through his
wartime books and records of recent
events in Cuba, in the Philippines and in
the Huwalian Islands. He now publishes
a now story, whoso hero, Paul Graham,
is a splendid young fellow, who, through
the rgbCaUty of his guardian, is forced to
make his own way in the worlii.
He inherits a great talent for music,
nnd by trading a pair of skatp? and a sled
for a cornet he earns money with which to
Vake lessons. He'- first joins a theatrical
company and then a regular band, of
which he later on becomes the bandma.«
u»r This is at li\n tlir.e of tho war with
Spain, and Paul joins one of our leading
military bands and takes part In the
Jownfall of Santiago.
Tho book is tun of Interest, depicting
Paul's tips and downs while he belongs to
various theatrical companies. He has
rather a hard time of it until he becomes
the leader of an orchestra, and from then
it is plain sailing. He goes tr> Cuba, but
alter the victory at- San Juan he asks to
return to the- United States and onve more
Joins his band. '_
' Ho ivmes In for an Inheritance which
his guardian had tried to confiscate, and
at the close of the book he is leading a
band, playing solos, making himself fa
mous and generally endearing himself to
the young reader who has been following
his career. (Published by The Mersnon
Company, Now York. Price U 25.)
A Hero of the Forecastle.
Every schoolboy is familiar with the
story of the sailor who bravely interposed
his own person between ' tho descending
scimetar of a pirate and the life of his
commander, Stephen Dccatur, In one of
the battles of the Trlpolitan war nearly a
.century ago. In a recent volume in the
"Young Heroes of the Navy". series Cyrus
Townsend Brady has given us many par
ticulnrs of the life of Reuben James, a
common sailor, who, having as a chila
been ,¦ befriended by, Stephen Decatur, fol
lowed that .great commander throughout
his naval fiareer. In his later years James
fell a-victlm to that besetting sin of the
sailor, drink, and was occasionally repri
manded by his superior officers. Once
during the twenties, while serving on the
corvette John Adams. Captain Dallas, his
-commander, determined to punish the old
sailor, and calling him up before al! hands
said: "Reuben James, you are a trouble
some old rascal, always getting drunk,
nnd 1 am going to make an example of
you. You are herewith disrated from the
position of, boatswain's mate to -that of
seaman." "Thank you, sir," said Reuben,
"for your high opinion: but,, if your
Honor pleases, I am only celebrating the
day when I saved Captain I>c'catur's life,
and I will promise not to get drunk again
except when f f?o on liberty." "Who will
go your security, sir?" said the captain.
Commodore Portor. who was walking tlie
quarterdeck, stepped forward and said:
"I will go his security, Dallas; a man
who saved Decatur's life is entitled to get
, drunk occasionally.'* (Published by D.
Applcton & Co., New York. Price $1.)
With Preble &t Tripoli.
In James Otis's latest book. "With
; Preble at Tripoli." there is enough of his
i torical fact to make the work Instructive
• ami yet plenty of plot and adventure to
• Hshtep events and render the story inter
esting for boys. .-The author takes up the
causes which led to the. Tripolltan war,
giving them in the words of an old sailor
the "Captain of No. 8 gun." The destruc
tion of tho Philadelphia, after she had
' been captured by the Trtpolitans; the par
: suit and "capture of blockade runners; th<
' bombardment of Tripoli, and the desper
' ate venture with the Intrepid, which cosi
the lives of so many brave , men, are aV
! set forth in detail. (Published by W. A
1 Wilde Company, Boston. Price $1 50.)
';? The Treasury Club. ~
5 The first volume' In the United State:
Government Series, .which Is to be rui
j by the W. A. "Wilde Company, Boston, li
r '/The Treasury Club," written by.Wll
. '¦•. linm Drysdale. The book portrays th>
J Inner workings of the Treasury Depart
, roent of our National Government— no
" m the ancient history of its organization
but the story of its vast business as 1
c is conducted to-day, where the, mone;
, comes from and how it is spent.' Th
j book is written in an Interesting style t
5 hold the 'attention of boys. It givea th
story of Leonard Gray and his buslnes
experiences and adventures. From hi
] position he Is able to gather much info?
ination about the department. /The char
acters Introduced an\ officials who ma;
e be: met with any day. In the Treasur;
J building and the ; facts and figures Uav
1 been passed upon as accurate by forme
3 United States Treasurer 7 Daniel N. Mor
1 gan. Price }1 50.)
f ; Nature's Miracles.
- . : It Is certain .that whoever has read th
s .first volume of Professor Eilsha Gray'
'. familiar talks on science, treating.o
.1 "Earth, "Air and "Water," andthe seconc
e 6n "Energy , . With Its ¦ Manifestations i
- Heat, Light, Sound and Explosives," wi;
e eagerly look for the third and last, o
s /'Electricity and Magnetism." This is th
i, special domain in which Professor Gra
d stands among the first authorities.' Dui
Ing his long and active life he has spent t
forty years In the laboratory— forty years I
on the frontier line of electrical science, t
Electrical currents, generators and atmos- j
pheric ' conditions; the measurement of 1
electricity; the various interesting details l
of the telegraph and its working, lndud- <
Ing the marvels of multiple transmission; ,
the telephone and how It talks; divers <
curiosities ; the telautograph: submarine ,
and wireless telegraphy, and finally a j
Series of chapters on the use of electro
magnetism in manufacturing processes,
as at Niagara Falls, are among the topics
treated. It is a book written for "the ,
plain people"— but in that phrase are in- ¦
eluded the mest of us, educated and un- •
educated alike— the high school youth, the J
collegian, the business man end the pro- •
feseional, whose knowledge does not lie
In a clear understanding of the common
place "miracles" of nature and science.
(Published by Fords, Howard & Hulbert,
New York. Price 60 cents.) - • j
A New Physiology.
There has just been Issued for use in i
higher grammar grades a new physiology !
belonging to the New Century Series of :
Physiologies, by Winfield 8. Hall, Ph.D..
M. D. (Lelpslc), Northwestern Medical
School, Chicago. It is officially Indorsed
by the department of scientific lnstruc- '
tion of the W. C. T. U. of the United ]
States. It Is founded on the experimental i
method which to-uay is so popular in ,
school Instruction. The subject of human ;
physiology Is introduced with a brief ,
treatment, largely experimental and (
practical, of the physiology of the grow
ing plant. Through this means the Inter- (
dependence of the plant and animal king- ]
tloms is shown together with the unity ¦
and harmor.v of nature. The appliances
and material suggested for the experi
ment may easily be provided by any in
telligent teacher. (Published by the
American B.jok Company. New York. J
Price 75 cents.) y ••¦
A Daughter of Freedom. <
The bloody Southern campaign of the
Revolutionary war affords an author an
excellent scone for dramatic as well as
romantic work, and In "A Daughter of
Freedom," by Amy E. Blanchard, ad
vantage i3 taken of the exciting situa
tions of that period, and an excellent his
torical romance is the result.
The daughter of freedom. Byrd Graham,
ie the daughter of a South Carolina regu
lar, and is residing when the story opens
with her brother In the home of her
grandfather, who is a stanch old royalist.
She and her brother are ready to stand
by the cause for which their father died,
ard this difference of opinion with the
grandfather provokes many domestic
eruptions. .
The last chapters picture an old Vir
gi'ifan plantation at Christmas time, and
they afford a -peaceful and effective end
irs to the warlike story. The book"has a
few very pretty Illustrations, which have
been capitally done by Ida Waugh. (Pub
lished l>y W. A. Wilde Company, Boston
and Chicago, Price $1 50.)
Doctor North and His Friends.
Dy the perusal of "Dr. North and His
Frlrrcls," the recent work of Dr. S. Weir
Mitchell.. one is permitted to enter- a cir
cle, of gifted people whose finished conver- -
Fation, wf'Se experience and keen observa
tions give to the reader a loftier concep
tion of life. Like many of the other
work? of Dr. Mitchell, this story contains
valuable psychological material without
losing any of its charm of fiction. The
id»al home, the man of law and of medi
cine, the absorbed scientist, the fascinat
ing ana nonchalant artist," the woman of
thought, beauty and refinement, make up
the subjects of this narrative, while about
them springs up and endures one of the
most unusual and the tenderest of ro
mances. This romance which quletlv
threads the tale begins unceremoniously
at an informal dinner party at the coun
try' home of the American scientist and
closes amid the ancient splendor and al
luring beauties of a Venetian palace.
(Published by the Century Company. Xew
York. Price $150.)
The English Flower Garden.
Charles Scribner's Sons have Imported
a book which at first glance one would
claim for a botanical library, but It Is
not at all a botanical book. "The Eng
lish Flower Garden," as it is called, deals
with the Question of design, and is fol-'
lowed by a description of the plants and
shrubs of Great Britain and Ireland. The
engravings on wood are nearly all taken
from photographs which have been used
in this, the eighth edition of Mr. Robin
son's book. English names are given
where possible so that the descriptions
do not shut out people who have a heart
for a garden, have not at hand the
Latin names which are a growth of our
own century and entirely unnecessary.
Price $6.
Heels and Spindles.
"Reels and Spindles," by Evelyn Ray
mond, will be found excellent reading for.
young girls of about fourteen. It tells
the story of a girl raised in the midst of
culture, wealth and refinement who- Is
obliged finally to face the hard world at
actual necessity and make a living for
herself. Her bravery In taking up her
life In the humblest walks and doing her
best though at first in the smallest ca
pacity, and then the success which crowns
her efforts, is all well told and will prove
an inspiration to the young reader. (Pub
lished by W, A. Wilde Company Boston.
Price $1 50.)
The Animals of Aesop.
AH children delight In animal stories,
and especially if well Illustrated, Joseph
J. Mora has Just Issued a volume of this
kind with the stories fitted to the animals
. of Aesop— Aesop, as It were, brought up
to date. Mr. llora Illustrates his own
stories and It Is difficult to say whether
the tales or, the pictures should rank first
—certain It is that they are both excel
lent. There are many colored full pages
In the volume to give life to the book, and
as every page Is profusely Illustrated It
cannot fall to please the youngsters. The
type is clear and large; the cover bright
and well ornamented, and the stories
themselves just the kind to hold the In
terest of the younger generation. (Pub
lished by Dana Estes & Co.. Boston.)
, Price Jl CO.)
Chatterbox for 1900.
; Chatterbox for 1900 is full of good things
1 for young and old. There are a great
¦. number of excellent colo^ pages included
; In .the contents of this year's number.
' The Usual number of good short stories
and interesting articles are there, besides
; some serial articles both instructive ami
amusing. There are puzzles and games,
" anecdotes and plenty; of pictures.' Thi
tone i» good and wholesome throughout'
(Published by Dana Estes & Co., Boston'
Price Jl 25.) " "
! . Drawings by C. A. Gilbert.
j "When, the' Life Publishing Company of
i fers anything to the public It Is pretty
I safe to 'count on Its being something good
i even before you have seen it. They em
j ploy, artists who are artists; the line*
' that they fit to the drawings are alway
• cood, and the "style In. which their book^
re printed Is always most artistic. Thej*
test publication. ••Overhe-artS In tne • >^_"—
ngton Family." to no exception and win
rove a most creditable addition to any
brary table. Mr. Gilbert's work U bard
r as even aa the drawings of Gibson,
hrtsty or Wenzell. but some of his flg
res are really splendid and more than
Dmpensate for others of his sketches
hich are not so attractive. Tha voluma
beautifully bound and printed.
Idylls of the Kin*.
This Is a most Interesting 1^*
clectlc English classics, now so widely
sed In secondary and preparatory
chools. as the Idylls stand first amonff
ennyson'a poems In grace and in human
iterest. Though not so fieltful to tho
tioughtful mind as "In Memorlam, tnejr
ppeal to a far wider audience. . .. ¦
The book also includes the history of tha
Arthurian legends, a chronology and a
ibllography.
The note* have been well edited by alary
'. Willard and seem sufficiently full for
he use of students. (Published by Amer
?an Book Company. New York. Price*
) cents.) " -£,.
The Filibusters.
In "Th» Filibusters" Cutcliffe Hjm» ha»
rrltten a romance containing not the least
ttle bit of romance. He-lntroducea all
tie stock characters so dear to the hearts
f readers of the late lamented Beadle &
.dams series of thrillers, but fails' to get
hem moving fast enough to cause a stn
le heart-beat. It la sheer waste of time
0 open the covers, which reflect great
redit on the" artistic taste of Lie pub
shera, Frederick A. Stokes •& Co. of New
'ork. Price $1 50.
Literary Notes.
The winter number of the Book Lover
f San Francisco Is filled with Just that
eculiar sort of real bookish articles that
he real book lover is happy over—arti
les about books as books, atout extended
>ooks, -about collecting and .about men
.•ho love books.
Messrs. Thomas Y. Crowell & Co. an
loxxnce that they have arranged with tha
Ion. Joseph H. Choate to Issue tmraedi
ttely in beautiful form his famous ad-
Iresa, "Abraham Lincoln," delivered on
•fovember 13 before the Edinburgh Philo
sophical Institution.
In the last number of the London Acad
emy is a symposium, 'of opinions from
amous literary men on books which havo
lppeared in 1900. Among them Fred
•ric Harrison says that "the only first
•lass book of 1900 has been Maurice Hew
ett's 'Richard Yea and Nay." "
The December number of Current Hls
ory has an unusual abundance, of timely
irticles of interest, among them reviews
if the most recent developments in China,
South Africa, Europe and the new Ameri
:an possessions. The treatment of th«
French Canadian question is especially
ible and worthy of attention.
The Christmas number of Camera Craft.
1 magazine published here in San Fran
•isco and of interest to all photographera.
•ontalna some of the finest half-tone work
ind photographic studies that It" has been
>ur pleasure to see for a long time. East
ern publications of a similar nature can
well look to their laurels when we are
ible to place In the field a magazine of
such excellence as Camera Craft.
The Raven, which has been published
luring the last year by Mary Lambert in
Oakland, is out with an exceptionally
jood number for December. The maga
zine has shown that it can live up to Its
motto of "Originality, quaintness and
quality." It Is filled with literary gems
In the way of short stories and poems
that reflect the greatest credit upon th«
enterprise and taste of Its editor, Mlsa
Mary Lambert.
"Winston Spencer Churchill, the English
war correspondent and son of the lat»
Lord Randolph ChurchiU. has written for
the January number of the World's Work
an Intimate and graphic character sketch
of Lord Roberts, much of the material
for which was gathered at first hand in
South Africa. An infinite capacity for'
taking pains is set down as the secret of
the success of England's ablest general.
•With the beginning of the year R. H.
Russell will issue a large and unique
Hcrnhardt souvenir. This Is a departura
from the usual run of the Russell souve
nirs in that it will contain 06 pages, with
a historical and critical slcetch of Ma
dame Bernhardt with an autograph in
troduction by herself. There will be sixty
five splendid pictures showing 1 her in all
her famous roles and in her home, to
gether with a portrait of her in her girl
hood, and reproductions of many cartoons
and other drawings of her by well-known
artists. The price of this is 50 cents. It
constitutes a notable addition to the Rus
sell list of theatrical publications.
In the Christmas edition of the Owl,
which Is published by Hoitfs School at
Menlo Park. San Mateo, there appears a
remarkably well written sketch by ''R. B.
S." We have heard that "R. B. 8." is
none other than John P. Irl3h Jr. Such
being the case. It would seem that th*
youth has inherited quite a bit of h!s
father's talent. The Owl is a very credi
table little publication and its editorial
staff Is deserving of compliment for. tha
work of the last year. A magazine pub
lished by a school and for the school is
an excellent scheme and of far more im
portance In the way of Instruction than
might at first seem apparent to the casual
observer.
Books Becelved.
THE REPtJBLIC OF AMERICA— By R«-r. U
B. Hardman. D. D.. LL. D. Th» Abbey Preas.
New York. Cloth. 50 cent*. Pap«r. 25 cents.
EGYPT AND SCYTHIA-Hero*«U3. Cas
sell's National Library. New York. In paper.
10 cent*. ,
SCENE3 OF MY CHILDHOOD— By Charles
Elmer Jenney. Fresno Republican Publishing
Company, Fremo. Cal. $1 50.
CITY BOYS IN THE COUNTRT-By Clinton
Osgrood Barling. Th« Abbey Press, New
York. tl.
COLLEGE ENTRANCE REQTHREMENT3
IN ENGLISH-1301-190S. American Book Com
pany. New York. $1.
THE RELIGION OF ABRAHAM LINCOLN
— Correspondence between General Charles H.
T. Collis and Colonel Robert O. IngersoU. G.
W. Dilllnghara Company. New York- la paper)
3 cents.
THE STORY OF CYRtJS-Adapted from
Xenophon's Cyropaedla— By Clarence W. Clea
eon. A. M. (Harv.) American Book Company.
New York. 75 cents. *
OVID - SELECTED WORKS - Edited by
Frank J. Miller. Ph. D. American Boole
Company. New York. It 40.
TWENTIETH CENTURY GUIDE TO PAL
MISTRY-By Tbo ZancJgs. The Henneberry
Company. Chicago.
THE ROTAL HOUSE OT ISRAEL AND
JtTDAH— By Oeorze O. LUtle, D. D. Ftrak A
"Wag-nails Company, New York. $3,
MOORE'S METEOROLOGICAL ALMA.V^O
AND WEATHER GUIDE— Rand. McNally *
Co.. Chicago. 50 cents.
. OVERHEARD .IN THE WTTTINOTON
FAMILY, with drawings by Charles Allen GU
btrt. The Ufe Pubilshjns Company.. New Yo-X
"Rita," by Laura K. Richards, is a
story of .the Spanish-American war,
wherein a little Cuban girl undergoes
dangers and privations without number.
For young girls who delight in hovels of
adventure "Rita" will be found enter
taining, but Is rather too.' lull of ad
venture'to be especially recommended to
the youthful mind unless well balanced.
(Published by Dana Estes & Co., Boston.
Price $1 25.)
.and the attempt is made to lift some of
; these denser, shadows which . are cast
more by our human mistake than by any
thing which the divine -wisdom sends upon
us." Tho 'more nearly' we can come into
the; position where we see things as
through the eye of God, the clearer and
wider will be our vision. --. ¦*
Ministers and students will find present
ed in the new book an unusually thorough/
basis, not only in. the intellectual and
moral realms, but in the physical realm .
also, for our belief in a 1 God whose'provi
dence is not only ours; but in all the'
world. The, discussion is necessarily brief
on these two topics; but It is sufficiently
full for the end intended, and is. in accord
with the method of argument' used by our
best moderri v thinkers.( Published by Funk
& Wagnalls Company, New York. Price j
Jack Among the Indians.
Nothing is more engrossing to the small
boy than a good Indian story. George
Pird Grinnell has sent the flutters
through many a , youthful heart by hla
tales of adventures among the red men,
snd his latest- book,, "Jack Among the
Indians," will well sustain the reputation
nlready made In "Pawnee Hero Storle3."
•Blackfoot Lodge Tales," "The Story of
the Indian," "Indians of To-day,", etc.
The present book is supposed to be an
account of the further adventures of
"Jack, the Young Ranchman," or in other
words a recital of what befell. Jack the
next season, when he spent the summer
with the buffalo paters of the Northern
plains, hunted their game, fought their
enemies and lived their life. (Published
by Frederick A. Stokes Company, New
York. . Price $1 25.) ,• ¦ -.;,;*/',:
with a certain kind of apple that grew In,
his father's rock-bottomed orchard— there
is . no crediting his achievements, '-of
course; they are quite impossible— until
you read Mr. Loomls' plain, straightfor
ward, gospel-truth account of them. Mr.
Loomis' are genuine American fairies, full
of -American cleverness and Invention
and humor, and thoroughly endowed with
the modern democratic spirit. (Published
by McClure, Phillips & Co.. New York.
Price $1 25.)
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Rita.
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
4At the time of bis other vacation ha
went to England and to Scotland, to
France, Germany, Switzerland and Italy.
He was Intensely bored until he rot to
Rome. After going to the Vatican and
seeing the Pope, after visiting the great
art galleries and tha catacombs, Mr.
Pierce and some companions got into a
carriage and were driven through the City
of the Seven Hills and out Into tha coun
try.
Shanghai began to show deep Interest,
and some of his companions heard him
saying something like:
"It's fine; It's great; I had no Idea It
great rate. . He had a large amount of
money loaned out. and had big deposits
In many banks. Then he began, to branch
out. He started a bank in Galveston, and
he became interested in the building oC
a railroad from Galveston to Beaumont.
The bank enterprise did not prosper. A
year or so ago the bank went into liquida
tion. It paid dollar for dollar, but it is
an open secret that the undertaking cost
Shanghai a quarter of a million dollars.
That loss is small- compared with th©
loss the cattle king sustained in his rail
road speculation. The road, known as the
Gulf and Interstate of Texas, was seventy
miles long until the 8th of September.
Now It is thirty-eight miles long. The
great storm tljat devastated Galveston
washed away thirty-two miles of the
road, and It ia almost a certainty that
the line will never be rebuilt. It cost
5700,000. Pierce owned the majority of the
stock and bonds. The road never paid a
dividend and as a railroad Is hardly
worth anything to-day.
In addition to his losses in the banking
and railroad lines Shanghai has within
the last few years been involved In seem
ingly" endless litigation. D. Sullivan of
San Antonio, formerly a minor partner
of the cattle-king, has been suing for an
accounting, alleging that the boolcs of
Pierce have been juggled. Hundreds oC
witnesses have been examined In this
case, thousands upon thousands of pages
of testimony taken and dozens of law
yers engaged.
The banking troubles, the destruction of
his railroad and the worries over the blgr
law case are beginning to affect Shanghai
Pierce's health and he Is no longer the.
robust, big-voiced man he used to J>a.
There was a time when he made so .much
noise when he talked that he startled
the natives, but that Isn't the case now.
From long life on the prairies he had
become accustomed to snouting, and it
was his boast that his voice. In hia or
dinary speaking tones, would carry naif
a mile. When Tie went to New York, to
Chicago, Kansas City, St. Louis or any
of the big cities and entered the office of
a friend and began to talk crowds would
congregate in the street, thinking a great
row was going on inside, but now Shang
hai's voice, although still a roar. la not
of the tremendous volume- of- former
times. Neither la his ambition as vault
ing as In olden days. Now ha Is content
to close up his outside speculations and
confine his attention to his ranches and
his cattle, t . ._
That he lpves cattlo and loves the- plains
Is Illustrated by two happenings during
the two vacations— the only two he ever
took in his life. Once he went to the Yel
lowstone Park. He looked at tha great
mountains the massive trees, tha water
falls and the marvelous creations of na
ture, and he never had a word to say un
til one of the members of the party gald:
"Mr. Pierce, isn't this wonderful?"
"Wonderful!" snorted tha cattle king 1 . "I
wish to the devil the conductor would
etart this train for the prairies, so w«
can see something."
than It is now. The boys would come In
from the .'range and .'shoot up* the town
regularly. There were lots of desperate
characters, j and life was held cheap.
After I got my money for my bunch of '
steers I found that 1 was being 'treed' by
three-men. They didn't make any -play -
during, the day, but I knew that during
the night "they determined to murder me.
I: had enough money in my pile to tempt,
any ; one. ,' I was comparatively a stranger,
in San Antonio, and had few friends here
upon whom I could depend. I didn't know
Just what |to do, but determined to meet
the situation calmly. The first opportun
ity that -developed I rounded up the three
men who were trailing - me and invited
-them to drink.. I acted like a good fellow
'with them for ah hour or more, getting
( them to drink all I could. Then I made
an appointment with them for the even-
Ing, and telling them I had some business
to attend to in the nature of collecting
some' more money due on my cattle I left
them. I went over to a place where I
knew a fellow had a thoroughbred horse.
I priced the animal and got possession
of him. Then I got aboard that thorough
bre«l-and I started out of town. Before
I had gone a mile my three friends.dis
covered what I had done and they began
to chase me. I never took my leg down
from that thoroughbred until the next
morning. When I did dismount I was
seventy-five miles away from San An
tonio. The three men who meant to rob
me followed roe all through the night.
They kept to my trail and they got warm
on It. the next day, but not until they
were well into the country where I be
longed. They were ambushed then."
"What became of them." Shanghai was
asked. .
"Really, now, I can't remember," the
big i man replied.
But Shanghai hasn't had the better of
all the adventures in which he has par
ticipated. He had an argument with an
Indian Territory cowman named Miller
a few years ago, and had it not been for
the intervention of friends Miller would
have killed Shanghai. Another time they
met on a train and Miller invited Shang
hai to get off the train with him, ride
out into the country a bit and have a duel
with Winchesters.
Shanghai told Miller he would see him
later.
He did see him later. It was in the Tre
mont Hotel in Galveston two years ago.
MlUer was a witness in a suit brought
by a banker named Sullivan of this city
against Pierce. Miller declared that he
wasn't going to leave Galveston until ha
had -Shanghai's scalp. Shanghai notified
the chief of police and the thief sent two
detectives— Murphy and Waters— to act as
a bodyguard for the millionaire. Miller,
who appeared to have some humor, re
sponded by hiring two of the biggest ne
groes In town to accompany him wherever
he- went. For three or four days the two
detectives stayed with Shanghai night and
day and the two negroes walked with
Miller in and about the" hotel. Both Miller
and Pierce stopped at the same hotel and
the bodyguard fo/ce was the Joke of the
town. '
THE SUNDAY CALL.
The tall | young Yankee was provident.
\Vhile other cattlemen spent their money
in gambling and riotous' living young
Pierce • attended strictly . tQ ; business. , Ho
rounded up his bunch at, the -proper, time,
overlooked no mavericks, kept his brand-
Ing Irons hot and always took good cat
tle to market. ' ,
In the early seventies it bi-Kuii to be
appreciated that Shanghai Pierce was
getting rich again. When other cattle
men got short of money • and -were j forced
to sell a portion of their herds Shanghai
was always able to buy. for he had plenty
of money or abundant credit; If a cow
man "wanted to dispose of a tract of land
and 'waV willing to sell '-cheaply Shanghai
wus at|o to ft:r::Jsh the money. .
false. It 'Is .generally, believed In the 'cow
country.
"Once upon a time Shanghai had a closo
call in Sajv Antonio. He .tells the story
himself," and he calls if'Shanghai Pierce's
Retreat." ' .: *?.' ' ; ' " ; : "
"I .cam is to San Antonio' with a bunch of ¦
¦cattlo," .Kald>he.'."and tlsoldnhem 'at at
good price. '.This was a tougher town then -
wBfe •• - '... -^sgra&v- •- -- .:-... •.
There was no doubt-about Miller,mean
ing business." He went to Galveston with
a regular arsenal, put the action of Shang
hai made if Impossible' for him ' to pick a
quarrel : with- the cattle king." .
There was; a time a few years ago when
It seemed that Shanghai Pierce was going
to be the richest man In ' the Southwest.
His cattle holdings were immense, and his
lands ¦¦ were . : appreciating In . value at a
was anything lHse this."
"I thought Rome, the Eternal City, with
Its art treasures. Us historical associa
tions and Its sacred memories, would
arouse you." said his companion.
"Who's talking about Rome?" asked
Shanghai.
""Weren't you?" asked his friend.
"No." replied Shanghai. "I was sayfnjr
.what a great country this would be out
here for cattle raisin?."
try along the Tres Palocios, gathered such
cattle as he could find and started once
more as a ranchman. It was slow work
for some years, but the tall young Yankee
was patient and persevering. Land was
cheap and cattle were cheap. The range
was illimitable, There were no fences.
The winters .- were mild, the cattle in
creased rapidly, and it cost little to live.
Cattlemen as a rule were ¦ profligate.
The war left Shanghai penniless, but un
daunted. He returned to the prairie coun-
Yo-<3ay he laughingly declares that ho
v.y.n the rear guard of every advance ai:d
the advance guard of every retreat while
he was in the army. However this. may
be. old soldiers say that Shanghai alwuys
had plenty of cattle In nls herd and the
soldiers never 'suffered for fresh meat
while he was with the .army.
He prospered amazingly and was con
sidered quite rich at the time the war
broke out. The war upset all of Shang
hai's plans. He couldn't dispose of flls
cattle, and with a threat of confiscation
of his 3^ock on the one hand and conscrip
tion on the other he determined to make
the best of a bad situation, so he entered
into a contract with the Confederate Gov
ernment to supply one of the armiea with
beef.
Old man Grimes thought that the brand-
Ing of mavericks was too easy a game
for his foreman, and he quarreled with
Shanghai. The tall young Yankee had by
this time learned enough about the cattlo
business to shift for himself, and he
parted company with nls employer and
branched out on his own account.
Before he had been with old man UrtraM
long he was selected as forenruui of the
gang. There was one thing about Shang
hai that soon became noticeable. When
"on the drive" with cattle his herd ln
creastd amazingly- Possibly Shanghai
was more successful In gathering the lost
and the strays than other foremen. Pos
sibly he knew where o iind the maver
icks. A maverick is an unbranded cow
or steer, and Shanghai was a wonder in
discovering cattle that bore no brand of
ownership.
For five or six years before the War of
the Rebellion Shanghai acted as foreman
for Grimes. Then, with Yankee thrift, he
began to buy cattle on his own account-
He had his own private brand, and when
It came round-up time he used his private
brand on a falr'shait of the mavericks
that were gathered.
When he got to Texas he had nothing
but the clothes on his back, a rugR»U
frame, lots of energy and a determination
to succeed; He got work as a cowboy with
a man earned "Grimes, who owned a great
ranch extending from -Corpus Christ!
north to where the town of Cuero is situ
ated. It was in the «*arly llfties that"
Shanghai came to Texas. The country.
was wild in those days and a cowboy's
life was- full of hardship. Shanghai soon
showed the etuJT of which he is ma'lc.
He could ride with the best of the Mexi
can or Texas cowboVs. his Judgment of
cattle was excellent and he was . untirinc.
Abel H. Pierce was Lor;i in Rhode Islani
sixty-two years ago. When only a boy he
went to Tfsas. He was in search of ad
venture and a fortune. On account of h'.s
extreme height— he is 5 feet 4— he got the
sobriquet cf "Shanghai," and/it has 'clans
to him bo well that few persons know iiiu
Christian name, and £«» refers to hlmseif
os 'Shang," while many of his friends
lengthen it to "Shanghai Pete."
Texas has mar.y <j*ueer characters, but
none odder than Shanghai Pierce. He is
the richest of the cattlemen, the oldest \n
point of active service and the most en
terprising. A thousand good stories ast
told about him, some apocryphal, but th*
majority true. He is as •well known In
bar.klr.g circles In New York as on th;
prairies cf Texas, and the big moneyed
men of Chicago, St. L»ouis and Kansas
City know him almost as well as do the
people of the larger towns of Texas.
Nothing is too big- for Shanghai to take
a hand In, be it a poicer game or a blini
pool in Wall 6treet. but the only thing he
prides himself on Is his knowledge of cat
tle. He says he is the best cowman >r»
the world, and it would be difficult to
prove that he is wrong In his opinion. It
•was a chance meeting with Shanghai that
led Charles H. Hoyt to write "The Texas
Steer." They met on a railroad train. an3
Hoyt conceived the Idea of writing a plav
around the Cattle King. Of course. Hoyt
took all sorts of license with his char
acter, but thfre was <r-noujjh cf the e-s
fence to Justify the whole.
monument and st-ttln? ;t in place was not
easy, especially as the roads in that por
tion of Texas are none too good.
This monument is of marble and gran
ite, about thirty-five f< et high, and cost.
s«t in place, about $13.')t0. The pedestal is
of Texas praEite. -while there is an heroic
figure cf "Shar.g" In marble surmounting
the whole. Smaller figures commemora
tive of stirring- events in his life are ia
niches about the pedestal, and panels are
chiseled with inscriptions, telling of Mr.
Pierce's career. As the cemetery at Dem
leg's Eridge is nearly thirty miles from
a railroad, the task of transporting the
f.
y IC the Pierce family cemetery at Dern-
Ing's Bridge. Mataporda County, Tex
as, there is a magnificent monument
erected to the :ncmory of A. H.
Pierce. Everybody in that portion or
T<xas knows that "S'.i^nphaJ." as A- 11.
Pierce is better known, is Ftill living, bet
that makes no difference. The monument
tells of the virtues rt Shanghai. The
statements are no dou->t true, for Shang
hai had them chiseled out of order.
"I'm not going to wait until I'm dca'l
to have a monument raised for me," said
Shanghai, in «-xpla.iring why he antici
pated the future. "You may talk as you
please about me now, but I don't know
what you'll say when I'm dead. I'm en
titled to a monument and I'm going to
make pure of having one. so I've put one
up In 'memory' of myr-cif."
•-So things went 'on year In arid year out- -
Other cattlemen complained, .but Shang
hai Pierce prospered; and ¦ the longer he
worked the richer he became. There is
only one record of Shanghai making a
In these early days. That was
when he .got the. Kansas fever. He ,dis- '
, posed \ of all his Texas holdings", and with |
a lot of other South Texas .. cattlemen
migrated to Kansas.' One year there sat
isfied him' that he was in the wrong, pew.
He moved ' back to Texas, sadder and
about $100,000 poorer. ,He says now that
this one mistake made" a difference of
"$1,000,000 to him, for trie loss' of $100,000 at
thattime cut .him off from' profits later
that would have made up the larger sum.
Once back en the old ground Shanghai
again made money. .He had recovered all
. his losses "within a few years and again *
was rich. When the range began to be
fenced Shanghai vas one of the .first to
see the- necessity, for owning land. He
bought all that he could get in big strips
and managed to get some of the choices^
grazing lands In the low country between
Vthe Braz.os, San. Bernard, Caney. Tres Pa
laelos, Colora'do, Guadaloupe and San An
tonio rivers. Not*conte"rt with this, ho
bought *a* great' rantfh" In' the Indian" Ter- "
ritory.' \,
A few years ago when an. inventory of
Mr. Pierce's property was ma«l,e it •howeW
that he was. worth in: excess of $3,000,000.
That' was before .the big advance In cattle
and before the land was considered of any
value except' for grazing. Now the ap
praisement" on . the . same property would
probably double the figures.
But Shanghai Pierce. has not become a
millionaire without many thrilling adven
tures, and he declares that the making of
a fortune is simple and easy compared
with the task of keeping it. Many- a
nicht he slept on the prairie only to- awake
in the morning to find that rattlesnakes
. had crept into his blankets In the night
to get warm. Many a time he has faced
dcuth , at the* pistol point, but he seems
to bear 'a charmed life, an£ although he
. has been shot at frequently and des
perate men have followed him with the
intention of murdering him, he has es
caped all the bullets that were intended
for him.
There Is one'story about Shanghai that
he never cares to hear. It relates. to a
battle with cattle thieves. .Shanghai was
the leader of the pursuing party, and
when, after a running fight, the thieves
surrendered it was discovered that the
robbers were cowboys who had formerly
worked on the ranches that had been
depredated.
The usual short, summary .trial was held
and the thieves were sentenced to be
hanged.
"Have you anything to say before you
die?" one of the cattle thieves was asked.
"Yes," he replied.
"What is it?"
"Well." said the cattle thief, "I'm guilty
and I guess I ought to be hanged, but
don't let 'Shang' hang me. I never got
the Itch for branding cattle until I went
to work for him."
Shanghai says this story Is a. creation
of his enemies, but whether It is true or
5
MANGAI PETE
KING OF CATTLE KINGSHer mouth was not so very large.
Yet. In a conHdentlal. minute.
She told the dentist that she had
Three well-developed achers in It.
—Baltimore American.
sh*. 'An* I Bhuppcse/ eex I, "that :r<T they
axed ye to stick a feather In a washtub
an' put It an yer head, 1 eez I, 'ye'd do It
to be fashnybil/. sez I. But she 1 med ru
no answer, Mrs. McGlaggerty; she eimply
bhtuck her shnout up in the air ah*
walked out av the room, ynsslln' her
tail loike Mrs. Leslie Ca-arter dlz in
'Zazyo.' Oi threw a head av cabbage at
her be wa-ay av correctin' her bad man
ners, an' aff it wasn't -that/she -guessed
fwhat was comln* an 1 dodged Jlsht In
toime dlvil the mooch av the panca-ake
hat Id be left, Mrs. McGlaggerty.
"Turra, but «t's tne quare conrectionairy
intoirely , me frlnd. That's fwhat the bong
tongs calls hats an' bonnets now—confec
tlonairy—so aff ye want to be. in the
shtoyle. Mrs. McGlaggerty, be sure that
ye don't, call. thim hats an' bonnets, but
ccnfectionalry— jlsht loiko goom dhraps
«« .«>«Ac*°late carrymills. The panca-ake
hat looks for. all the world loike a shtove
led clapped on the top av the head. Upon
me word there's not thet hpight av crown
to it," said, tho widow, measuring off the
sixteenth of an inch on her thumb nail.
"Aft wa.i av Barnlm an' Bailey's big
bechuxt yerself an* meself, It's plinty. f Ur
it wud be a s,in to eplle a couple av
ya-ards av gud ribbon an sooch a nolght
mare av a hat, Mrs. McGlaggerty.
" 'Fwhere in the na-ame av' all that's
horrible an* heejous did ye get that thing
Toozy, me darllnt,' fa ez I to her fwhln she
came In the room the suekor.d toime wid
it. *I bought it, m!rr.rr:aw,* j=ez she— sho
always sez mlmmaw bc-kase it s-itir.da so
hoigh chooncd, de ye molml. Mrs. iXc-
Glaggerty? 'Bought It?' sez I. 'TIs. and
red me gud elghty-noir.e clnts fur it.' sss
she." 'Fwhy didn't ye pay the full dollar
an' get a little mora hat.' sex I. 'for that'j
nothins but a lalf." seas I. 'an' a dar.getl
mane an'.malsly laif. at that, too,' sez I.
•But it's all the stoyle, mlmmaw.' sez she.
an' talk as moeh as I moight. sorra tha
nothcr bit av ushkvise or thanks she'd
give me con?arnln* It. c:e frir.d. I'd give a
cud dail to see the Dutch saloon keeper
around t'le cawmer Inat s'.vcs iz only twr>
p:a*scs av beer to the pint, dead, lira.
McGIass-erty. but, be me Fowklr.s. I'd not
wear that panca-ake hat av Toosy's in
Ins fimeril. not aft It was to keep his stin
gy carcass aloivc for tin tiunrlert year.
Mrs. McGlaggerty. The ca-art phwerl
hat was bad enough, an' the holgh Stoifta
Tower hat wa» a soight, an' the little
MicJicsr.s av bonniu war no bigger nor
postage stamps war rallly an' thruly cu
ras3itl-s. but the par.ca-ake hat rr.alcej
thim all luk loike twinty-dollar goo!«l
pieces alongsolde av a tin milk tlckit. It's
the limit, an' aff ye don't say so yerself
phwln you x get a guJ squint at Toozy'a I'll
let ye alt me alolve phwere I stand, ilra.
McGlasserty, an' divil the kick I'll maka
pwhollc ye're doin' It, aither.
"Th* cldya av panca-ake hats beln* med
the stoyle!" said the widow. Indignantly.
"Fwhy. the head is no pla-ace for pan.
ca-akes; they belongs la the shtomlck.
They wur tnvlnted'to alt an' not to wear.
I'm mlxen the batther for some av thlm
now, Mrs. McGlaggerty!"
JOHN J. JENNINGS.
ellyphants had shtepped an It an' after
ward shlept an it, it wudn't be anny
flatter, me frind. A little wisp av ribbon
primped up in the middle av the pan
ca-ake Is all the thrimmlns It has, an*
I
Copyright, ISO?, by Quail & Warner.
D'D ye p»»e me daughter Tcozy's new
hat, Mrs. McGlaggerty?" Widow
Maffccr!n asked her neighbor.
"Oi raw that she had a new hat
an, but I didn't u^actly s?e fwhat it was
lolkc," answered the neighbor.
"Thin ye mist a great solght. me frlnd."
"How is that cgrah?"
"Do ye molnd thlm new pancake hats
that the heigh, choonles dlz be weartn'—
there's pic-.hur? av thlm In the pa-apers
Hiry Sunda*. Mrs. MrGlagrcrty— they call
thin rancakc hats. an', begorry, that's
jisht fwhat they luks loike— well, it was
wan av thira Jim Crow things Toozy had
an, Mrs. McGlagjrerty, an 1 she w.is that
F.htuck on herrclf tekeie she had It an
that she v.-Int out av the <5ure wid her
nose pinted up in the air an' her skurt's
wiggling loike she was the only peyaMe
in the patch."
"It must be a very fooney hat, Mrs.
Magocgrln." said the neighbor.
"Throth'n it is." said the widow. "I'd
loike to descrolb it to ye. but, as the lad
dybucks that writes for the pa-apera
cften sez, words are too walk to tell
about it. Upon rr.e sowl. but fwhln I first
eaw It ir.esc-lf, Mrs. McGlaggerty. I
thought somebody had sot down on it
an' crlshed it, an* I begun to cay to Toozy
that it was a sin en' a shame for any
body to desthr'y her noicc new hat la
that way, fwh'.n up she holes at rao an"
tells me I'm a hunddert years bchoind
the tolmcs. an' that I ousht to buy an
alarm clock to wake me up. "Can't y«
eee that it's the latest thing outr sez eha
In a tone av v'ice that seemed to say shs
*u Barry to have a raooth/sr that was no
iffnorcrlous. *I can see that it Id be a
danged solght Uter gettin'. out aft I had
acnytbinir to do wid It/ cez I, 'fur. be
erorry. It Id never be out,' sex L 'Fwhy,
mimmaw,' sez she. 'can't ye see that It's
waa av the new ehtoyle paaca-aka hats?*
sez she. 'I see that it's fiat enough foj !ta
na-ame,' isez I. 'but fwhat the divil pos
eesEes ye that ye want to wear such a
Ekinnymarlnk nv an crnymlnt as that *-
upon yer »olir eez I. 'If a fasbnybil.' B « .
"Xow, then." said Mr. Bowser as all
was ready. "I take it that you feel cold?"
"W-e d-o!" replied the men In chorus
through their chattering teeth. . , •
"That Is splendid. I estimate that there
is a difference cf at least 40 degrees be
tween ycur temperature and that of the
weather. You will now each of you take
n lozenge in your mouth and let it slowly
dissolve. In two minutes 3 # our blood
oupht to be the same temperature as the
weather. In five you ought to Imagine
that rcbins nre singing and daisies bloom
lnc; around you."
A<3 Mr. Bowser wasn't experimenting on
himself he discreetly retired to the warm
atmosphere of the kitchen and took ftls
stand at a window. H; had scarcely be
gun his observations when one of tho
tramps rolled over and began to kick like
a horse tanpled up In his harness, while
the other sprang to his feet and spat and
spluttered and coughed and crammed his
rnouth full of snow.
"What are you fellcw? up to?" shouted
Mr. Bowser es he rushed out.
Th'ey gave him no heed. They seemed
to be acrobat3 let loose, and they went
through more antics than as if they had
picked up a dozen hot horseshoes. It was
five rrlnutes before either of them could
sreak. and then one cooled his month
It norrrai, and tneii escorted them
to the back yard. Thev were snowbanks
against the fence, and he selected posl-
t
their backs to the ranpe In the kitchen
and hungrily eyed the remains of dinner
he took their temperature and pronounced
tions and sat them down. It was a keen,
cold night. "one made to order for such an
experiment.
ship, nr.d Bowsers lozenges do the rest."
••Rut you haven't tried them yet?"
"No, but I am about to do so. I won
der if our cook wouldn't eat one and then
sit on a snow bank, in the back yard and
see how Jt worked?"
"Of course she wouldn't."
"Well, there are others. I'll find a cou
r> rf tramps who'll pit out all night for a
quarter apiece. I'll run a pair of them In
at once and get the experiment under
way." s
"You'd— you'd better wait!" she falterci
ae he started for the door.
"Why wait?" h" a?k«*d. "It's a cold
night, with snow and tramps at hand for
experiment. If an expedition is to b<?
pent out. It ¦will wish to start In the
spring:."
"But it will ond in a row."
"It will end In the discovery of the
north pole and make the name of Bowser
better known than that of Columbu.1.
You just keep quiet and let me run thi3
thine"
He put on h!p hat and orerccat, and "t
did not take him five minutes to find a
couple of tramps who were sloshing about
between his house and the corner. When
he explained what he wanted r.nd his
willingness to pay they both cheerfully
accompanied him. As they stood, with
with an Icicle htrtgintr to the clothesline
and stuttered:
"B-b-boss, what s-s-sort of a (r-g-game
Is this?"
"Yes, what sort of a g-jr-yame?" added
the other as a snowball melted !n his
mouth.,
"It's no came at all. It's an experiment,
as I told you. "What have you done with
those lozenges V
"S-s-spIt 'em eut, durn ye!"
¦ "Yes; sp-spit 'em out!"
"But you mustn't do It. These are to
raise the temperature of your blood until
ft affects the temperature of the atmoa
phere. If you'd keep sucking the lozenges,
you'd have- been perspiring by this time.
Sit down and try it again."
"Bill." said the first, as he continued to
eat snow and draw In Ions: breaths of the
frosty air, "does It look like a cold-blood
ed attempt to burn up the vitals of two
respectable gents?"
"It do, Sam; It do."
"And by burnin' up our vitals take
away our appetites?"
"That's the game."
"If I was playing any gam«. would I
promise you a quarter apiece?" asked Mr.
Bowser.
"It's • my solemn cplnyun that y«
would."
"That's our solemn cplnyun."
Mr. Bowser was about to protest and
increase his cash offers when the two
gentlemen with burned vitals fen upon
him. The three went down together,
and Mr*. Bowser, looking frcm a baelt
window, and the cook and cat looking
from a back door, could see nothing: for
the rext two minutes for the cloud of
snow in the air. Then the two tramps de
tached themselves from the circus and
climbed the yard fence, and the household
went out to look for Mr. Bowser. There
were thousands of traces of him at hand,
but It took three minutes to discover hln
actual presence and dip 1* out from under
the snow. He had been thumped and
kicked and choked, but Hfe had not de
parted. He soon rallied and sat up, anrl
after being helped to his feet h« made
his woozy way to the kitchen and thenee.
up stalrB. He did not ask what had hap
pened, and Mrs. Bowser gave him a rest
of fifteen minutes on the lounge before
she said:
"With your temperature at the point
It Is do you think you can reach the north
pole?"
He lifted up his head and glared at har.
"I suppose the Go\-emment ought to
be notified at once, and If you don't feel
well I can do it myself."
Another glare, followed by a gritting
of his teeth, and it was ten minutes be
fore she observed:
"I've told the cook to heat some witch
hazel to wash off the blood. Do you
wish for any particular temperature?"
But Mr. Bowser had grown weary of
north pole and fallen asleep, and sha
counted seven different scratches on hJs
nose and wondered how he'd look on tha
street on the morrow.
Copyright, 19M. ny c r». I-ewis.
DO you know." began Mr. nowser
after dinner the other evening—
"do you knew what prevents m?n
frrm reaching the north pole?"
"Several thinps." replied Sir?. Bowser,
who, heir.p the only or.e present, took It
that the query was addressed to her.
"Yes. several things. V>ut principally be
cause of the coM. ITut for the awful
temperature p.round 'he pole m»n could
ras!!y overcome the other difficulties.
¦When the thermoiretcr registers 100
degrees helow zero toe life bleed of the
Ftronpes: man cor.Kcsis. He must either
retreat or die."
'"Well, what of It?" she asked.
"What of itl" re repeated with a
chuckle. "If ytm overcome the cold you
fiiJrover The pole, don't you?"
"And you havo fnun! a Way of over
coming: the coH. I *ir>r>ose. It Is two
¦weeks slrce :• oti ba«J .-i fa«l. and I was
¦wondering: what -wov'd come next. Tf
you are poinp to visit the north polo with
r. let nf hot water h^.^s strapped around
your body to keep roar temperature at
fiiTr.rr.fr heat, let's fatal about it."
"Being ?!? you arc a woman and b«-
Irg es every woman if .about half idiot.
I can overlook vojrr snrrapra. Y«ur
tray of encouraging a :.u«band to seek Ttr
fern* is to belittle every plan he origi
nates, llr.rt Columbus hrd a •wife like you
this Anirriran contip^".: would have con
tinued to be a par.i'ii^p for iroodchuckf.
Kxcrptirp nothing ~i't ridicule and sar
casm In reply. I nil', lowever. ask you
a Questi' • two. Suppose that a man
poirg out with a temperature of 20 de
crees below zero raises the temperature
Cf his* hnfly "0 r.r 4^> decree**"
"That would offset the cold," replied
Mrs. Bowser.
"Tour head is r.ot filled with sawdust
after mXL Y>s, Jt wcul<1 work that way.
and don't you see my plan? To meet
the cold cf the north pile we pimply keep
en raising the temperature. It's the sim
plest thing in the world, and yet nobody
cecms to have th'vtsrht r.r it. v rs . Bow
ser, consider the ncrth po> as discovered.
Consider It discovered by Mr. Bowser."
He rtrpjvd **aek and bowed before her.
end the cat came from under the lounge
end soulntc.d at both and wondered
whether it was a question of science or
mousetraps.
"Yes. tut how ar*» you grclng to raise
the temperature of the body n hundred
degrees or more?" queried Jlrp. Bowser.
"Just as eery as llftlrg up your foot.
Do you soe there lozenges? They con
tain no !e?s than six different redhot in
gredients, Including cayenne pepper. Two
cf them are warranted to make the blood
fa'rly boll and cause the temperature
around the pole to Ff-em like zn August
day in America. I shall at once consult
the G^vrrrraont about sending out an ex
perlitim. The Government provides the
; THE SUNDAY CALL.
WIDOW MAGOOGIN
SHE DOESN'T LIKE ARETHUSA'S PANCAKE HAT,
WHICH IS THE VERY LATEST STYLE.
MR. BOWSER'S TRIBULATIONS
HE MAKES AN EXPERIMENT IN THE
INTEREST OF SCIENCE.
6And then they went in to dinner and
prepared for their first nhrht In New
York. / GEORGE W. PECK.
"Me?" said the Bad Bov. taking a
roll of bills from hi* pocket. "I went
down to. Wall street and took a flyer in
sugar stock and cleaned up $300."
''Well, we are $260 ahead."* said the
old man. "Steer me onto this Wall
street game and I'll cive uo society."
"Well, by gosh, I have had a time!
First I met a gentleman whose uncle i3
president of our bank at home, and hr
remembered, when he was uo there two
years ago, going to my grocery with his
uncle and doin^ some trading with me.
I was sort of squeamish in Dclmonico'i.
he «aid it was. on Sixth avenue, and lie
looked ever to a round table not far
away, and, by gcewhillikens! he saw
his sister eating lobsters and he intro
duced me to her. My. but she was a
beauty, and the most tender-heartedest
girl I evej saw. She felt of my pulse and
said I needed some pepsin, because ths
water didn't agree with me. and she
said she would go out to a drugstore
and buy me some. She wanted to pay
for it herself, but I am too much of a
gentleman to allow that, so I cave her
$10 and she went out and and cot it and
came right back with the chance. The
pepsin bottle cost $o 80. but it was worth
it. Say, pepsin comes hich in this town,
don't it? After I took it I had a nice
nap and then we all three went to a
show. They left me at the show and
went home, up Fifth avenue, because
they were to have a dinner party, and
the show was no good and I went to
sleep in my sent, and when it wa3 over
the show people woke me up and told
me which way to go to meet up with
the hotel. I never went to a show be
fore where the actresses wore poke bon
nets and played tambourines and sane
hymns and charged $3 a seat. But I
was glad to those folks that were
so kind to tne. I am invited to dine at
their house to-morro.v nicht and co to
the opera. Oh. say, we are cettinc rizht
in society! But there oueht to be a law
against such matinees as we went to.
just to hear church singinc Bat when
they got through the show I'll be darned
if they didn't take up a collection in a
tambourine, and I found I didn't have
a cent. There must be a hole in, my
pocket somewhere."
"You are too easy!" said the Bad
Boy, and he laughed so the roof shook.
"You have been bunkoed. That man
never saw or heard of you before, but
just fooled you, and his sister was a
common canary who gave von knock
out drops, stole all the money they
didn't borrow of you. and took you to
a Salvation Army service and played it
on you for an opera at $5 a seat which
you paid to your new friends, and here
you are with your old 7-cent poefcet
book filled with tissue paper as safe as
possible."
"But what did you do all day?" asked
the old man.
at supper time and see which ha3 had
the most interesting" experience. Come
on, old Hayseed!" and the Bad Boy put
on his overcoat and" gloves and was
ready.
"Wait till I stuff one of mv 7-cent
pocket-book3," sa"id the old man. as he
filled it with tissue paper, and the oM
man and the young man started out tor
experience.
The Bad Boy got back to their roonu
in the hotel before dark and waited for
the old man, and after awhile he hear.-l
a noise at the elevator, and going out in
the hall he tound the old man having
some words with the elevator boy. and
he finally, got him to the room an<I
asked him how he enjoyed himself. Ths
old man dropped into a rockine-chair
with a dull thud and said he was prettv
nearly bushed, and if he had a pepper
mint sling he thought he would be all
right. The boy ordered a couple of
cocktails, and after the o!d man had
drunk his cocktail and fished the cherry
out of the bottom of the class with hi*
jackknife he said:
"Well, we will go out prettv soon and
look over the town. I want to give you
some pointers on how to act while you
are here. This is the greatest town in
the world. Everybody 0 here tries to
make it pleasant for strangers. If you
see a carriage in front of a store or a
residence with a driver in Hverv and, a
footman and want to take a ride, iust go
and get right in the carriage and tell the
fellow with buttons on where you want
to go and who you are. Some days you
may be Chauncey Depew or Rockefeller
or John Sullivan,- but. whoever you say
you are stick to it and they will take you
.where you want to go. If there is a
lady in the carriage get right in iust the
same and give the grand hailing sign by
placing your fingers on the side of your
nose, thus, and ; winking with your left
eye." I . ¦•• ¦ ' : J:::l
"Say," that is Masonry, isn't, it?!' and
the old man looked wise. "I had a clerk
once who said he was a Mason, and he
was always making signs and passwords
and 'grips, and once' he got me to join.
years and read all about how people are
robbed, and they have got to get up
early to catch me. But what are we co
ing to do, now we arc here in New
York?" \ . .-.'•'•¦'
"What did they do to you?" said the
Bad Boy, as he fingered' a Masonis
charm on 'his watch chain and made a
sign with his fingers.
I "Well, five or six of them took me to
a schoolhouse, and after takinz off the
most of my clothing they made me walk
around the schoolhouse in the snow
nine times, barefooted, and 4hen they
took me upstairs and rode me down the
stairs sitting :' down, ¦ and every stair I
struck seemed to go right up to my hat,
right through me; : and they then took
me to the' ice on the river, tied a rope
around me and soused me in the water,
and then dried me by mauling: me with
box covers, . and then they blindfolded
me and took me on 1 a bridge across the
river after midnight and told me to co '
home, and I walked about a mile and
found I was in a graveyard. Say. wsfs
that Masonry or hazing?"
"Oh, that was Masonry all rightl' "
said the boy. They gave you the thirty-. .
fifth degree, that very few attain. But ;
, now, that you are up . in Masonry, \ and
immune against robbery, .we will go out
around town, separately, and come back
Do you know, I have often thought they
just hazed me instead of giving me the
real thing." § »
"I got them to be robbed of." said the
old man, with a wink. "That girl who
took me for her Uncle Abner" got the
first one, and it was filled with tissue
paper. But while she was lying on my
shoulder there in the depot and taking
my pocket-book T was turning a little
trick, too. - I have not been in the gro
cery business forty years for ; nothing.
I took that earring out of her left ear
and put it in my pocket/ and when she
"What have you got three dozen
pocket-books for?" said the boy, look
ing into the old man's valise, where one
end was full of cheap pocket-books.
"Well, sir, I was never more surprised
in my life,'' said the old man. as he took
a bit of jewelry out of his pocket and
handed it to the Bad Boy. She rushed
up to mo and said, 'Why, Uncle Abner,
I am so glad to see you!' and she rush
ed into my arms, and I had to drop my
valise and hold her up. I felt her dear
little hand in my vest pocket and knew
she was taking my pocket-book — one of
three dozen I bought at auction for 7
cents apiece."
came off the cars and seemed to be a
long-lost daughter?" and the Bad Boy
punched the old man in the ribs with hi3
thumb. . ¦ : .-;
"No, sir, I am no common robber."
said the old man, looking hurt at the
insinuations of the Bad Boy. . "I have
had charge of the grab-bag concession
at a church sociable and done the best
I could to accumulate money for the
good cause, but this woman is the first
person I have ever despoiled of her jew
elry, andif she had not begun it she
would never have lost anything through
me. I bave taken a weekly papw tar
"Well, I'll be condemned if it isn't a
diamond earring!" said the Bad Boy. as
he held it up to the* light and saw the
shimmer of different colors. "Say. you
have demonstrated an ability as a busi
ness man that will give you high rank
on the Stock Exchange, or you could
get a job with the management of any
great enterprise that required nerve.
Did you ever do any robbing outside
the grocery business? Ever rob graves
or anything of that kind!"
went off happy, after seeing I was not
her dear old Uncle Abner, I got a $14
earring. When anybody starts a game
on me I play it to a finish." and the old
man looked wise and rubbed his stubby
beard with his thumb ' as though he
hadn't lost any tricks in the first game
tried on him in New York.
THE Bad Boy and his friend the
old groceryrr.an had arrived in
New York after their perilous trip
in the sleeping car, and the old man
had been trying to explain to the boy
th2t he <5:d not have any designs on the
woman into whose berth he had gone
looking for painkiller for his stomach
ache. He said that he had been raised
in woman's societ}', and that when a
man was sick his first thought was to
find one of nature's noblest inventions —
woman — to relieve him, and he con
fessed that he felt hurt when, taken with
a griping pain beneath his vest while h;
was in the sleeping car and suffering
greatly, he applied to the woman in the
opposite berth for painkiller, which all
women are supposed to carry in their
satchels, he should have been kicked out
of the berth and screamed at as though
be was a burglar. *
"Well," said the Bad Boy, "I have
brought you to a hotel where women
are not admitted— a strictly bachelors'
hotd— and you are safe. Who was the
woman who rushed up to you when we
(Copyright, 1001, Press Publishing
Company, New York World. All
Bights Reserved.)
THE SUNDAY CALL.
PECK'S BAD BOY AND
THE GROCERYMAN SPEND
THEIR FIRST AFTERNOON
IN NEW YORK.
7IN MALE ATTIRE
learned the trick of small quantities.
Dlgges was in an unusually good humor,
and Zella flattered him until the great
brute fairly posed as he lolled against
the saloon counter.
Rorty Jaggers and Rafferty Jones and
others chimed in, and they were a merry
party. Later Zella sat In at a game of
poker. She wanted to obtain possession
of Digges" knife. She might, perhaps,
have coaxed it out of him. In that, case
ehe would have felt handicapped. Sho
would like to win it from him or to ex
change it with her own.
Over the game when there was a jack
pot which ehe felt sure of winning she
said to her rival for it, who was Digges,
the rest having withdrawn: "I dare say
if I asked you to swap knives with me,
you would?"
"I reckon I might — or I mightn't."
"I'd like to have the knife as a trophy; a
knile that has become famous; that, in
deed, was famous to begin with. It would
be a nice souvenir to take home when 1
go."
"I've raised you ten dollars," was his
reply.
"I know," said Zella. "and I'm going
to raise ycu out oi your boots— lf I feel
liki it. But as I was saying "
"What are we playin'. youngster?" '
"Drawpoker, But there ain't no hurry.
I've heard of a game being postponed
ur.tll the next day, money and cards de
posited at the bankers. Now. look here,
Digges. don't be ugly. This is what I
want to say. I'll raise you my knife
against yours, with this understanding—
that whichever takes the pot don't keep
the two knives, but exchanges."
"Exchanges, be damned!" said Digges.
"I raise you the limit, $20; and. on top o'
that, flings in my knife ag'en yours."
"You are very kind," said Zella, laying
down her knife.
"I'm a doggoned fool," he replied. "But
ef you'd asked me for it, by thunder, I'd
a giv' it you'."
He laid It on the top of Zella's and the
pile of bills and silver and gold, no very
serious amount, with a $20 limit.
"Then I call you, Abner Digges."
The other players and a. few lookers
on craned their necks over the board.
"What have you got, Digges?"
"I reckon that's a full king high!" lay
ing down his cards with an air of satis
faction.
"No good against four aces, Abner,"
said Zella.
"And you drew two cards! — you!" he
exclaimed, pushing back his chair and
rising from the table. " take such
luck!"
The air was sulphurous for a minute or
two, with a blasphemy that need not be
translated. Zella pocketed the pool and
thrust Dlgges* knife into her belt.
"Say, Digges, don't be angry," she said.
"You fehall have your revenge— and you
muEt have my knife."
"Git!" said Digges. "Don't you come
nigh me. Git!"
•'What for? Is :t the money you re
gret? Then, hang it, take it!" And she
flung a pocketful back upon the table.
"Don't anger him. you young fool!" said
Rafferty Jones.
"Who cares about angering him?" she
said. "I don't want his tinpot knife, nor
his dirty bills!" .
She knew how fir she could go. It was
not the first tiff she had had with Digges;
nor would It be the last.
"Look here, boss, take my knife. That
was the bargain; I wouldn't have played
otherwise. And perhaps it is too bad to
collar your knife; take It back."
"Git! Before I bash you!" he said.
"Git! Gimme time! Don't you see. Gimme
time!"
"All right, boss," she said, stepping
aside.
"He'll get over lt.^with another drink;
give him time." advised Rorty Jaggers.
"All right," she said; and. taking out a
cigarette, sat down and smoked and chat
ted with the camp generally, and pres
ently sat in at another game.
It was at this point that Dave went to
the Gulch and told Dankes all that had
occurred; and Dankes stamped about the
cabin and in and out of the door, and
when Jim howled in sympathy at his heels
kicked at the dog. and then started off
down the trail, to bring Philip in.
"To think that one of his 1'arnin' and
style should spend his time with such a
vile crew!" he said. "By the heaven
that's above us. ef it goes on, he shall
quit! I won't see him ruined, perhaps
killed, in some row with Digges or an
other."
"Don't ppeak to me yet, dear old
friend. " she said, meeting: him halfway
up the trail. "I am not quite myself."
"Not quite yerself ? I should think ye're
not. cavoortin' wi' such scum!"
"It isn't that. Dankes. 1 don't quite
know how I feel."
"Had too much rum. p'r'aps."
"Solomon Dankes! \\ nat do you mean
by daring even to think of such a thing,
let alone to say It?"
"I've hear'd on yer boxin' and sparrin'
and yer high jinks, as my dear old pard
would say, and yer drinkin' with Dlgges
r.nd makin 1 him yer friend, and then
t^uarr'llin' with him, and then . But
th«»re! Good Lord, I'm too durned mad
with yer for words!"
"I've gotten something here, Dankes,"
the said, in a hushed voice, "that should
set your thoughts in another direction."
"What have yer gotten? What's the
matter with yer?"
"I'm worn out, I think," she answered.
"1 should think so! Eh I didn't care for
yer and respect yer, and thin* mucn of
yer, would it matter to me a wooden nut
meg what yer did? Whether yer was
Digges' friend* or his enemy, or whether
ver stooped to his level, or others?"
"Stop! stop! dear friend; you don't
know what you're talking about. I'll ex
plain to you. Don't turn against me.
You'lJ be fonder of me one day than you
were of Ned Glover himself."
"Shall I! Well, they say miracles still
happens." - .-• : c;
"You saw 'vour dear partner, the best
fellow that ever lived, slain "
"More's the pity, I did: and by the very
man you're "
"That will do," said Zella.' "I'm In no
humor to bear more in that vein at pres
ent. Here is the knife that robbed him
of life. Take it, and go and kill his mur
derer, if you are so devilish brave -and
loved him so. . . . Ah, an! I thought
that would touch you up. . . . Don't
get In my way. . . . I'm Just a bit
crazy myself to-night!"
She ran past him and never stopped un
til ehe entered the cabin. Then she flung
open the door, rushed to her own room,
fastened herself in, flung herself upon the
bed, and lay there motionless for an hour.
"WaB Mx. Grey drinkin' anythin',
Dave?" -.---<
"No; no mor'n Just as he doea here;
sorter compliment, as he says."
"Then, what's the matter with him?"
"Can't tell. Seemed lively enough, and
that springy and clever you'd enjoyed the
way he let out at Dlggea."
"Seems quite crazy, to my thlnkln',"
said Dankes. '*j
"They say genuses is that way," said
Dave. "Never aaw but one genus, and
that was Bunco Sam, as nayther mule nor
'oss as was ever foaled could buck 'lm.
They say he's in a drcus'now, makin' 800
dollars a week in Ban Francisco."
"A genus, was he?" said Dankes. "And
you think Mister Grey's one of that sort?"
"I dew."
i "Doee genuses take supper?"
"Whin they kin git it.' r said Dave.
"Then give a hand, and let's try and
tempt lllster Qrey. . . . D'ye see that,
"I see It."
"'It's Abner Dirgea' knife."
"The knife as he "
"Yes. ths same. Mister Grey Just glv*
It me."
"I'd like ter tickle Digges' ribs with It!"
said Dave.
"Lay the supper, Dave."
"Yes. boss."
CHAPTER XXXIV.
voice from under the bedclothes, though
the weather was warm. -
"Alnt sick, I hope?"
"No; quite well. I was used up last
night, rve a lot to tell you." -
"So long as you ain't mad with me, It
don't signify."
"Not at all, dear old Prudent."
"Then I kin say mornin'. Mister Grey,
and feel kinder happy. . There's a letter
as I'm leavin' on the table. I've b'en
a-spellin 1 through it. There aint nawthin'
that's private in it; you can read it. If
you feels disposed that ways, and advise
what I've gotten to say by way. of, an
swerin' of it. It's from "Richard Lotri
mer of London, Ned Glover's friend.
"Very well, thank you, dear friend,"
said Zella. "Pull the door to after you.
Where's Dave?"
"He's out wi' Jim, after the mule.
There's a feller comin' to buy It, since
you don't want to keep it."
"That's all right. I shall give Dave the
money. Good morning. Don't keep sup
per waiting when you come home."
She raised herself on her elbow and lis
tened. The doer was shut. She heard
Dankes moving off down the trail. Then
she slid from her bunk/ drew on her
breeches, unfastened her door, and, en
tering the general' room of the cabin, car
ried off the letter Dankes had spoken of,
and climbed' back into her berth. .
The letter was more of a private letter
than one of a legal character. It was
written on the noteheading of the firm of.
Straker. Love & Lorrimer: but it was
signed "Richard Lorrimer, and it was
addressed to Solomon Dankes Esquire.
It bore numerous postmarks, and had
come by hand from the Forks, where let
ters for the Valley were left, to be called
for. The mule wagons and the pack
mules from time to time brought in any
letters addressed to the Gulch or the
Valley. It had been a long time on the
road.
"You are, I understand, my friend, Ed
win Glover's partner. He has, in your
keeping, certain stock in the Gulch enter
prise, certain stock in the Platts Valley
MIr.es (the last-named endorsed to him by
Hiram Dexter), certain moneys in specie
and a certain quantity of gold dust and
nuggets. I am writing this at his request,
in case he does not survive an encounter
that has been forced upon him, he says,
from which he feels that he will not come
out alive. Glover is my dearest friend.
Next to me, he Is attached to you; and
has the fullest confidence Jn your hon
or and good faith. He has forwarded a
copy of his will, which, he tells me. has
been duly executed, and- is In the hands
of his Chicago lawyers. He bequeaths all
his possessions, existing and that may
come to him hereafter, to his fiancee, Zel
la Brunnen, of ihe Boarding House, Park
side, Chicago; and you and Mr. Storey, of
the Chicago Dally Mail, are nominated
as her trustees. Glover has previously
written to me of his engagement to Miss
Brunnen, and the happiness it gave him;
and, if hia instinct as to the encounter
he speaks of has misled him. and he lives,
I shall hope to welcome him and his wife
in London; if, peradventure. he is dead —
which God in heaven forbid— I shall de
sire to see her in town all the same, since
no one else can so well assist her in car
rying out Glover's wishes, not simply in
connection with his estate, but probably
as to her future. It Is a very strange
thing for me to write this letter, meet
for either fortune; but I am simply act-
Ing on the very strict and urgent direc
tions of my friend. You will be good
enough to cable me If, alas, you are the
surviving partner; lf not. you will hand
this letter to my very dear friend."
Zella arose and dressed herself; unfas
tened her trunk, took out Ned's picture,
kissed it. replaced It, flung open the door,
looked out across the trail, listened to the
music of the summer air, humming vrith
insect life, and watched a' brace of butter
flies of many hues dancing in the sun.
It was all very beautiful.
The barking of Jim roused her. The
terrier came bounding out of the bush
right of the trail.
'.'How are you. Jim?" she said, in a
dreamy, far away kind of voice.'
Jim licked the .hand that had patted
his head, then bounded down the trail, to
return with Dave at his heels.
"Mornin', Mister Grey. . The boss is
havin' a deal of business. Here's a cable
dispatch for him, and another letter: they
come with the other, but barman at the
saloon thought as he'd sent 'em with the
fust letter."
"A cable?" said Zella. "That looks im
portant."
"Won't you open it, and see?"
"No, I think not, Dave."
"Ain't you his pard?"
"You had better go and find him, Dave.
He's gone first to the mill, and then, he
said, he would have to go over to the
Ridge." ,
"But you ain't had no breakfast?"
"Don't mind me, Dave. Go, straight
away. Say" that I have read the lett-*.- he
left for me and will help him to answer
it; and that if, when he. has read this'
other letter and the cable', he would like
me to read them, you will bring them
back. I am having a day off; shall be
about the cabin all day."
"Yes, mister," said Dave. "I see you
glv it old man Dlgges; you just busted
him! *,
"Think so. Dave?"
_ "He'll be goin' on a bender to-day, and
be tearin around for the rest of the
week."
"I have never seen him the -worse for
drink.
», "if 1^.* 3 . 0 .?,' 1 often do , !t - n would take a
hull distillery to make him helpless; but
he gits on at times. Pete Kerridge was
tellln me that after you left the saloon
last night he put on the gloves with Rorty
Jaggers, and knocked his eye out well
nigh; would make Jaggers turn to. They
say he s scorchln' mad, as you got his
"Is that so? Well, never mind. Dave
Go now and find the boss and give him tho
letter and the cable."
"Yes. mister." %
"And when Is there another mule train
to the Forks?"
"Startln' now," said Dave.
"Do you think there's time for me to
send a message?"
"Why, yes. I'll catch 'em Up."
"Then please wait one moment."
She sat down and wrote upon a sheet
of note paper, addressed: "From Solomon
Dankes to Richard Lorrimer Esq., Messrs.
Straker. Love and Lorrimer, Bedford
Row. London, England: Alas! Glover's
instinct waa fulfilled. I sent the news to
Zella Brunnen, and hear she or her repre
sentative has started for London."
"It'll come to a main heap o' dollars "
said Dave. "Ain't it?" ; -
Zella counted out the money.
"At the Forks they will copy It out on a
proper form."
"But. lord lord. Mr. Grey, you'll find
the kerrect thing in your room, under the
papers on the shelves. Mr. Glover was
used ter send cables. I kin find 'em "
Zella stood and watched the lad as he
opened her room door and went to the
shelves -and produced the forms. She
thought Bhe had turned over everything
but at anything in the shape of letters of
documents she had paused, with feminine
delicacy, and so had overlooked the cable
forms.
She rewrote the message, and then, hav
ing another form handy, considered
whether she should send one to Chicago
They would have been expecting to hear
from her from the Gilsey House; even
from Liverpool or Southampton by this
time.
"Better wait and see what the letter
and cable for Dankes may contain," she
said to herself: then addressing Dave sho
said: "Thank you, Dave; now, away you
go." '.';:;.• ' . ,
And away he went, Jim bounding on In
front, Zella watching them out of sight
and then re-entering the cabin to read
over afresh the strange, fateful letter
from Richard Lorrimer.
DANKES APOLOGIZES
Dankes was up early the next morning.
He had had a bad night. Zella had not
elept well. Dankes felt remorseful. Zella
was resolved to have her eight hours'
fcleep. She was in training for her tragic
enterprise. Her latest effort of active
diplomacy and the capture of Digges'
knife had tired her.
"Ain't yer goin' ter git up, Mister
Grey?" Dankes asked at her door. "I
hear'n yer a-stlrrln'i or I wouldn't ha'
spoke."
"No. I'm going to have & day ¦ off,"
she said.
"I'm away to the mill," said Dankes;
"and I guess I've business at the Ridge.
I wont De back afore supper'tlme."
"Very well."
"Reckon I waa mad last night. Hope
you won't think any more 'bout what I
ea!d."
"Oh! but I will," came In a muffled
"Are you froing down to the Valley
again, Iiive?" .
"I wasn't thlnkin'of it; I was a-goin' to
the mill.; But I'll . go anywheres . you
likes." . • ¦
Zella took it front him, felt the blade,
passed it from ' one - hand ¦ to the other:
held It lightly, manipulating, it with her
fingers, as If It had been a mere fan;
tossed it up. caught it; gripped the haft
and struck upward with It; and excited
Dave Into expressions of wonder and ad
miration. , ' ¦¦".:; , ¦
"Don't bend much; Just enough: I once
heard Dlgges say so: goes straight 'ome.
don't double up at a bone; would go' clean
through a' plank. He said he could drive It
through an Iron plate."
"I knows that knife; it's the one as
D! gores have done all his bloody work
with." .
He took It up by the haft, drew It from
its case and tried Its temper. ~ ¦
I "The fortune of war, Dave; I must sub
scribe to that hospital. And now, look
here, Dave; are you any Judge of steel?"
"You would ef you'd seen It; but not
after. Mister Dankes. he was with him
when I was up at the Ridge .. and he's go
in' to keep him till he's weir."
"Thank you, mister; the ruv-nor told
me that was your Idea. I meant to ha 1
sold him; but I think I'll keep him, for
spcrt. Thank you, mister. : I'm gettin'
fond of hlm.You'd ha' died lafnn' ef you'd
ha' seen him pretend to let the feller as
come to deal fancy as he had got him un
der. . He " bucked him higher nor a kite;
and old Doc' Smithers. assets bones, up
yonder at the Ridge, he says it's a double
fracture; and "
'.'I shouldn't have laughed at that
Dave." '
"Herwas one o* them greasers, he could
ride anythin'. But you never see anvthln'
ao-artfulNas. that mule! Buck? -Why, a
mustang ain't In it with him; and as for
lyln' down and rollln', he's Just a lump of
injla-rubber.'.'
''Well, I have given him to you, Dave.
You quite understand?"
"Really? . I'm sorry."
"Been riding that mule?"
''He's good sport, mister. The man as
come to buy him'U go lame for the rest
of his life." .-- •
"I don't know a* 'he knows what he
thinks; but he's mighty, fond of you, and
that bothers him, I reckon."
"Yes; and he said as he of ten - thought
as ' you was a-thinkln' of yer mawther;
and that young fellers with sorter tender
hearts wanted their mawthers to say their
prayers to of nights."
\ "Thinks I'm homesick?" ;,t--'f
" 'Why is he doin' the soft sawder, as
Mieter Glover would have said.' says Mis
ter Dankes, 'a-bummin' around' with him?
Is . he afeard as Dlgges'll quarrel with
him, and knife him?" -
"Oh! He thinks I'm making up to Dlgges
because -I'm afraid?" -
"Well, you see, It's like tale-bearin', as
they say; but I ain't a mean cuss", so
what's It matter, ef it's like this or the
other. Old Boss Prudent, he says ter me,
•What's Mister Grey up to with Digges,
Dave? You sees more of the Valley than
me, and more' n I like yer to see, though
I think yer 'ead's In the right place!"',..
• "And I'm sure your heart Is, ,' Dave, -I
trust you "
"I wonder what's yer game, mister, with
Boss Dlgges? It ain't for me to take a
hand in it. I*' expec's: but Mister .Dankes,
he's puzzling hisself a good deal 'bout
you and Digges."
"Is he, now? Sit down and tell me,
Dave." -.
"To have some fun."
"I hope not. for the present. Dave; but
you never know, as you say. By the way,
I think I shall go down to the Valley,
Dave," she said thoughtfully.
"What for?"
"Dave," paid Zella, suddenly Interrupt
ing him, "when I leave the Gulch, as some
day I shall, you'll find, on the shelf where
you keep the cable forms, a few dollar
bills to help you see San Francisco
through still more radiant glasses."
"Hope you ain't goin' to leave us?"
"He sleeps all dav. and is busy goin'
his rounds at night. Mister Dankes. how
ever, was gettin' lonesome before yon
come. He'd -off'n keep me • talkin' after
supper, it would ha" -done vou. pood to
ha' seen-:hlm and Mister, Glover sittln'
by thj stove and; talkin' ; one asren" the
other— Mister Glover \ on witJs his yarns
about London, and the"boss on with his'n
'bout old frontier days, and s!ch."
"Yes. indeed it would; Dave."
"It's pettin' to be much the same with
him and ycu."
"Except,, that I don't talk about Lon
don, Dave." / .
"Ireclion It ain't no ; bigger than Chi
cago or New York." j I
"Yes, it is, Dave." 1
"You don't say! I ain't ben to New
York, but I guess San Francisco's hard to
beat. Why. it's all garden and flowers,
and fine houses, and street cars that gay
It's just heavenly. And thar's the sea!
Sometimes I hev a longin' for the sea that
seems to Send mo crazy; and the. boss, he
says, byme-by, when the new lead nans
out as he expec's. in a year or so, we'll go
to 'Frisco; and——"
"Oh! he don't want no company; and
«he don't trust some of the Platts Valley
men. Thar, ain't no love lost, as they say,
between the Gulch and the Valley."
"But von are only a lad. What could
you do if anything happened in the
night?"
1 I kin keep my weather eye open, as
Mister Glover used ter say, and I've got
ten a dawff down yonder as Is spry as
a 'lectrlc current."
"Why don't you bring him up to tho
cabin?"
"Ask me another. Mister Grey. Rorty
Jaggers says he've killed six or. seven m
retr lar duels; but there, you never know.
All we kin say right here is that we know
of three as he's done for; and the last,
as you know, broke Mister Dankes right
up. He never spoke to a soul for . two
day?; wunst I thought he would ha' gone
down to ithe Valley and shot Digges on
sight. Byt there, men gets over these
happ'nln's: you has to, ef you lives in a
new minin" camp."
"How long have you been here, Dave?"
"What, In Platt's Valley?"
"Yes." - t
"Oh! I reckon from the fust. Come over
with Mister Dankes."
"Where from?"
'"Way back of San Francisco."
"Why don't you sleep up here?"
"I . looks after the mill; got diggin's
down thar."
"I should have thought you • would have
been company for Mr. Dankes." ' •'
"Do you think It's true?"
"And yet he's the boss in the Valley?"
You see, he's such a tough? got such a
wrist, and. the pluck of forty. Why, he'd
think no more of flghtin' a rlgment than
eatin his supper. They say he -' killed a
Marshal and a hull posse 'way beyond
San Francisco, five year back, afore he
come out here."
"Digges? Why, they say he'll be a mil
lionaire, one day. He's got a millionaire
for a backer. That's one of the things
Mister Dankes could never understand
how Mister yiram Dexter, the great
banker, could have deals with Digges; as
big a thief. Mister Grey, as big a lyin'
sneak as there is this side the Sierras."
'.'The boss says they're of no import
ance," said Dave, as he handed letter and
cable to Zella. "But thar's a hi' jinks
a-goin' on, as Mister Glover used ter say.
down at the Platts Valley camp. I told
you how -it would be. Boss Digges, h's
started In on a bender. Entire camp's
out on the spree. They've even stopped
tne mill. Yo-u can't cuess what a day
they re havin'. Boss Digges is sparriti'
with the gloves and thar's be'n a race be
tween Jumper Bill and Frenchy Nick for
a jar of whisky: and old Jake Sharp and
Frenchy have had their foils out; and
It s a regular sportln" day. I never see
anythin' like it. And the boss, he keeps
a-sayin' 'Whar's that dude. Mister Grey?'
Rorty Jaggers says for a dude you've got
the biggest muscle he ever felt grip a
man with. I didn't know as you'd nipped
Rorty. Whar's Old Prudent? they wanted
to know. I told 'em he was at the Ridgii
and would be there all day."
"And will he, Dave?"
"I guess so. He and the boss thar is
havin' a deal, I. think, about a new claim."
"Is Mr. ¦ Car>tain Dan dovwn at the
saloon?" ¦
"Yes. He's doin' a bit of chaff all round.
He s good company, ain't he?"
"Very. And a good fellow, feh, Dave?"
"I should smile. Why. there ain't a man
in the Valley as wouldn't take his word
for anythin' ; and yet he ain't supposed
to be what they calls warm."
"Dlgges 1b?" %
We are sending our Mr. Hildyard to
interview you in connection" with the will
of the late Edwin Glover, your partner in
the Prudent Gulch mine," ran the cable
to : Dankes from Zella Brunnen's lawyers
in Chicago. • :.-;?:,- ' '
The letter was on a matter of ordinary
business,, connected with some goods
Dankes had. ordered from Denver.
with strength. Once she would have liked
to have said, "What does that remind
you of, you brute?" But she reserved her
taunts for a more serious time, and when
the serious time should come she would
r.o doubt be sufficiently occupied with the
wprk . in hand to think of nothing else.
_^She was disappointed with the result of
Dankes' reading of the letter and the
cable. She had a vague kind of hope that
they might contain some news of Bridget
U'Hagan or of Mr. Storey. She found her
self thinking, between other things, of the
letter from Richard Lorrimer. He hoped
to see her. He should. - It would be a
comfort to her to have him talk about
her dear Ned. Already her mind began to
be occupied ' with London. • • • Would
ehe ever see London?
THE FIGHT.
Zella threw her gloves aside, took up
her knife, that haa been Digges', un
sheathed it, and stood on the defensive-
Dlgges rushing towards her, as he spoke
She awaited him, clutching the weapon!
He fell back.
A number of men Invaded the ring and
sought to restrain the rage of the beaten
hound.
"Gentlemen," said Zella. pushing her
way among them, with Dave close at her
side, give him his head. I am not afraid
of him.
Digges picked up his coat and drew
from It the knife which he had exchanged
for his own with Zella. «*-a»nsea
., "Bade, you. all of your he shouted.
"This is my show!" "
"Disges! Boss!" expostulated Captain
Dan. in the wrong. This must
atop."
.?"iP?*"* 78 "J 118^ By heI1 ana thunder,
if don't stop! We'll see if the ——
young dude has learnt the lesson I've
taught him. I ain't learnt his."
"Captain Dan! gentlemen! comrades P*
cried Zella, "I have learnt it— I hav«
learnt it!! If Ned Glover had done so hi
wouldn't have been murdered."
Most of the men fell back.
"That s insult enough, sure!" said Jar
gers. "He calls the boss a murderer'"
"I repeat it," said Zella: "a black-heart
ed murderer; and there are some amonr
you who are little better than he " • °" B
>" B a7Z~' U>s true! ," 8ald th « Southerner
•and there are pals of mine who think
flwT^
KfV^fighi" lf there WM *°*™°
"Men, I am not much* account amonjr
yo'." said Jumper Bill, "but I'm on tnl
?lr e .£i» he A"!Pil 9 ' V s Mlster Glover use!
ter «ay! And he stepped up to Captain
Meanwhile Digges had submitted to be
sponged.
"This is a-Roin* on," he said "This Is
a fight on Platts Valley rules "
Bill aln>t fair and squar> '" aald Jumper
"Not by a sight!" said Dave.
"Out n- the way,- yo* mule driver." said
Jagsrers.- pushing Dave aside.
'1 11 settle wi' you one day, Rorty Jag
gers," said Dave.
"Comrades."^ said Zella. "I am most
concerned In this business, and I ask you
to let Mr. Abner Digges have his show
out I am willing."
"You hev' Insulted the camp," said Jae
gers. R
"Then" I withdraw the offensive re
mark. ' said Zella,* "since It hurts your
pentle feelings. I will be content to sav
that your boss is a liar, a beast, a skunk
and a murderer!" . " """- x
. "By jupltah! that's Btralght from the
shouMah, youngstah; and I'll see fair
"So will we all!" shouted a dozen voices
"And I want no second." said Zella!
"I'd rather have a clear field." "<"»*-
"You'll have it thar!" he said, suddenly
flinging himself at her, with murderous
intent.
She caught him under the jaw with her
left, and as he staggered hit him full in
the face with her right. He fell like a
bullock.
"Hello, hello!" said the Southerner.
Strike stakes; that's enough!"
"Who says it's enough?" growled
Dlgges. "Gimme a minlt!"
He scrambled to his feet and flung his
great arms about, clearing off his sup
porters with the strengtk of a giant, des
pite being half-stunned. :
"Gimme room!" he shouted; " you
you dude! Gimme my knife!"
He tore off his gloves.
"Gimme my knife. I'll kill you!"
CHAPTER XXXVIJ.
'^ r ery well. Here I am," said Zella
every move she had ever learned from
her British tutor at her fingers' ends
"Where will you have it?"
It was wonderful to see the youngster
hop round him and tempt him to strike
Digges followed her with his bloodshot
eyes, ready to hit out with all his might
aiming at her heart, as if he were fighting
with a bowie. "
"That'll do! Leave me alone," said
Dlgges, pushing aside his supporter, who
was sponging hi<? face. "Leave me alono!
It s nawthin'. Come on. you!"
He leaped forward and stood like a rock
'Come on. I say. you dude! I'll
bash yer hide, before I've done wfth yer!"
.,",{ th0 .H? ht th!s was merely sport." said
Zella. Gentlemen. I did not understand
that
"Come on. I say, you dude! " I'll
sport yer!" x
Zella advanced cautiously. * .
"David and Goliath, by Jupiter!" said
the Southerner. . > .
• The combatants v.-ere facing each other.
I>ip«*e9 made a feinr with his left and was
cleverly countered. Zella stood on the
defensive. Dipges strode up to the young
ster with energy and lunged with his left.
Ae }\ % dodged the blow. and. stepping
aside,' hit him under the ear.
, you!" exclaimed Digges. Then
n© made an ugly rush at her, and was re
ceived with ji facer that felled him.
His second assisted him to rise. JTe
was bleeding from the moutb> There was
a. hush among the crowd. The thing
looked serious. Zella accepted the kindly
offices cf her 'attendant with a smile.
Dlgges had never as much as touched
her.
As he threw the bottle aside he again
splutterlngly invited the camp to drink at
his expense. \
"Nevah seen yo' in so fine a mood!"
exclaimed the captain.
"When you've filled up." said Digges,
"me and my friend. Mister Grey's goin'
ter shew you a sample of the noble art. of
self-defense. Rorty, whar's the glovesf
Rorty produced several pairs of gloVes
with, a "Here y'are, boss!"
"Don't yo' think yo' should ask Mlstah
Grey's permission, befo' makin" such an
announcement?" said Captain Dan, in his
most Southern manner.
"Mister Grey said he'd giv' rne'my re
venge; and, anyhow. Captain Dan. you
kin keep your chin music till It's called
for."
"It's called fo'. sah, whenever I chuse to
turn it on."
"Gentlemen, gentlemen!" said Jaggers.
"Oh, him!" grUnted Digges, turn
ing 1 away.
"I'm quite ready to oblige, comrades. If
the Boss Is In the humor for it," said
Zella.
A general cheer greeted Zella.' s accommo
dating remark, and almost immediately a
ring was formed and .Zella and Digges
took their positions.
Digg-es stripped himself to his shirt
and breeches, and it was noticed, with
surprise, that his shirt was white— "had
been fresh boiled," as one of the men
remarked, and yet they'd "neither coolie
nor female on hand." Digges had washed
his shirt.
"Hello," said Captain Dan. "To* shames
the camp. The first boiled shiri we've
seen!" • -
"Seem'd as ef I'd like ter be a sorter
dude myself on this occasion. Can't a
man be dressv ef he pleases? Look at
Mister Grey: done up for a tea-party. I'm
goin' ter take the tea-party out'n you,
youngster, to-day."
"Very likely," said Zella. "Come one!"
Digges had hardly souared himself and
stood on guard before Zella danced round
him and hit him twice in the face, to a
roar of laughter and applause.
"No. yo' don't!" said the Captain, who
elected himself umpire, as Digges started
to follow Zella up.
Being an informal set-to it was not
considered necessary to have seconds
Captain Dan seemed all at once to be
seconds and umpire in one.
"Look here. Captain, no nonsense
Bbout this thing. Jaggers, second me.
Pete, ef Mister Greys wlllin', you stand
by him. said Dlgges.
"I am' willing." said Zella.
."And we'll have the ropes, and do the
thing In ordah. gentlemen," chimed in
the Captain. "Mistah Digges is on his
mettle, and the youngster seems in form."
Zella smiled and looked round to see.
close by her side as he could get. her
henchman, Dave.
"Where's Dankes? ' Zella asked him.
Lp at the Ridge."
"That's right," said Zella. recalling the
fact that he had supported Glover when,
on that fatal day. on ¦ this very sp- 1 .
Glover had fought with Digjres. She did
not want the presence of Dankes an a re
minder. She was Philip Grey, and she
meant to goad Dlgges into a, serious en
counter before she left the ring.
"Time!" said the Cantain.
Dirges straightened himself to his full
height: a formidable looking opponent,
broad of chest and back, his shirt, being
open, showed a coating of thick hair; his
arms wero long and similarly covered,
though In a lesser degree; his forehead
low, his neck thick, typical of strength
and brutality. His opponent was the per
fection of a Ughtwefer-t; supple, deep of
chest, strong in the wrists and with a lejc
that the captain had said over and over
again ought to be modeled. The voung
ster's chin was full and betokened firm
ness, and there was a gleam of some
thing in his eyes that, to Captain Dan,
was more than earthly. Zella laid aside
her gloves, her hat. her knife and her re
volver, and tucked up her sleeves to the
elbow. |
,' B J w ! I '? ok ' s "ke what one might
picthah a revoltin' angel, when Satan fell
from heaven," said the Southerner. "Who
in thundah is he, anyhow? And why is he
in this hell of a camp? S'pose we'll
git at it. In time?"
, ; '.'Why. shrivel my bones, her* y'are!
To- hell with «yer low-down drinks!" ex
claimed Digges, sweeping the captain's
and Zella' a glasses off the counter.
"Here's liquor for you, Grey! Drink with
mi '" rffMTUrt'pLril[riiii'iWWiWn<]iipt|iii|i|i» 1 i' i^
He picked up a tumbler and the first
bottle -of -wine" that was opened and
filled a. bumper for Zella.
-"Captain Dan, 'scuse me, this is the
stuff for gentleman of the army.",
"He filled - another . glass to overflowing
for Captain Dan. ./¦
"Yo 1 are up in the skies," said the cap
tain." "What Is it? Struck a new lead?"
:"No; a new liquor," said Dlgges, putting
the bottle to his mouth and draining the
rest of; the contents.
"Bully for you!"."Hr\ hi*, for the boss!"
and "Who said he was mean?" and other
cheery cries greeted the announcement;
and forthwith the bartender. began to let
the -corks fly.' ¦•" - -"
Then it was that Dlgges saw Zella and
Captain Dan at the further corner of the
bar.
"Hello! my dandy, my dude down-
Easter, rigged out fo' a mash! Pity ther'
ain't no dainty female to respond. Why,
Mistah Grey, glad ter see yo . Shouldn't
wondah you're fo' a day off, like the rest
of us?"
"Guess again, and you would be wrong,
Captain Dan," said Zella.
"Yo 1 are the author of. the high jinks;
yea, yo' are! Yo' fired the Boss with such
an extravagant desiah fo' sport that he
set all the camp movin'. We've had box-
In' and racin', and, by Jove, yo' might
have thought yo'self in old Kentucky, ef
yo'd seen Frenchy Nick and Ole Dutchy
Franz turn to with the foils; and then
Boss Dlgges with the bowie. He's been
a-sending messengahs aftah yo', sah!"
"Indeed!"
"Yes, sah, indeed. He's in what Hamlet
called a holiday mood; and would fain
have yo' try a bout with him. Between
yo" and me, Mlstah Grey, Boss Dlgges
is not always sweetest when most he pre
tends; or drunkest when most he lurches
on his pins. • Come- here, youngster."
The giant thrust his arm under Zella's
and walked aside, out of hearing.
:, ."Take this from me: I'm. Interested in
yo* sah. - Boss Digges bears yo' ill will:
You don't love Boss Dlgges. I haven't
lived in this kind - of damned wicked
world without takln' It in, sah. He's Jeal
ous. • Yo've hit him everv way. To've
made him tolerate yo'— made him think
he likes yo'— but yo've made him jealous.
The camp's been plyin' him with doubt*
about . his science, and when I ventured
to chime In with the remark that In part
in' - with i his knife he'd given away his
luck he got mad and him and ¦ me nigh
come to a quarrel."
"Thank you. Captain Dan. If I should
want a friend badly to-day will you stand
by me?" ¦¦ • -.¦ •
"Will I? By the blessed home of my an
cestors, sah. I'll stand by yo' agen the
entire camp! Come and have a drink."
As they entered the bar the faro party
came noisily out from the back. Dlgges
at their head, all talking at once— some
cursing, some laughing; the winners Jubi
lant ."the losers down on their luck.
'.'Come od, boys," fc shouted Digges. "The
Forks hev sent us*, case of champagne,
and. by thunder, I'm goin' ter call the
lot!""
As Zella lounged into the arena, as it
might well be called, Captain Dan rose to
greet her.
They had rlssed up an awning over the
front of the saloon. Captain Dan, who,
had he' been dressed in woman's clothes,
might have passed for a blonde giant,
was sitting smoking in the shade of the
ship-like rig, watching a game of poker.
In which Pete Kerridge and Rorty Jag
gers. Jumper Bill and two others were en
gaged. ¦ Inside the, saloon a lively faro
bank was in operation. In front of the
saloon the place, or "piazza," as Frenchy
Nick called it, had been swept and sand
ed, and there was evidence of sport hav
ing already rumpled it. The ropes and
posts used for the ring when serious busi
ness was on hand were lying In a corner.
SKIRMISHING
CHAPTER XXXVI.
This was, probably, the' last time sh<*
would stand there, among the pines ani
brushwood, on the threshold of the cabin
that had given her shelter, -where the
man she had loved had spent some happy
days, working for her, talking of her,
dreaming of her. It had given her many
a heartache to be sitting where he had
sat, to be lying in tne bunk where he
had lain; and at times it- had inspired
her with a strange, vague pleasure. . ,-
All her young life passed before her, as
she stood on the borders of the ' f ore«t
primeval, and on the -ringe of what may
some day be a great city, rivaling Carson
and Denver. The Indian frontier, with
fading recollections of the old fort and
the music of the military bugle, the
school, wnere ehe had been unhappy; the
home with her aunt, where her soul had
revolted at the cant of a queer, crabbed
religious discipline; her revolt, and tha
peace of Parkslde, dear old Bridget O'Ha
gan, Old Glencoe, and the coming of her
English lover; she saw the sunny shores
of the lake, the sandy cycle track, with
two flying figures spinnlnsr along;; she saw
her centerboard boat, with its lugger sail,
her lover hauling the rope, herself snugly
ensconced behind tne rubber ;bar, watch
ing and secretly loving him; she felt the
jar. of her last encounter with Dexter:
she saw Storey's anxious face, charged
with the sad news of her lover's death;
she- saw herself Interviewing the police,
the Press, her lawyers, with no prospect
of Justice being done to her martyr, and.
finally, she saw herself rise up. heroical
ly,- to take upon herself what she con
ceived to be a great duty of vengeance.
\ It was a dramatic panorama of events
that passed before her. She had invoked
it In a . diagnosis of her position. She
was mentally climbing tho hill of her des
tiny, by way of justifying her latest as
cent. Had she mistaken the trail? Waa
she, on the right road? More than once
it had seemed to her that she was not
herself:, that she was traveling through a
strange, dream; that she had never been
Zella Brunnen, but always Philip Grey.
Bilf these fancies came during transient
momenta, in the cloud of a cigarette, or
even under the passing .influence of an
extra sip of old rye: at no time taking
more than enough to give color to the
fresh water she always drank with it.
"one of his durned .British peculiarities,"
they said In the camp. But now she was
serious and eminently herself. She had
looked back over her life and found noth
ing in it to regret that she could have
altered; except the death of Ned Glover,
and she blamed herself for letting him
go away. As if it were given to any hu
man power to arrest the hand of fate!
Presently she went to her room end
made a careful change of clothing. She
laid aside her ordinary gray shirt and re
placed it with one both lighter in ma
terial and in color. She laid aside- her
braces and- donned a broad belt that she
generally wore when she engaged in trials
of strength or dexterity. It was a soft
suede belt,' of unusual thickness consider
ing its pliability, with a buckle admirably
.qontrived to adapt itself to the ngure,
partly made of steel chain and silver. Bhe
changed her boots for a pair that looked
much heavier than they were, pliant in the
upper parts and giving well in the soles,
such as a cyclist might wear for scouting
in '.wartime; strength, with ductility. She
tucked her breeches, into the tops, giving
her nether limbs the characteristic touch
of the mining camp: and, that the boots
might. not look too clean and "dandy," as
Dankes had styled them, she muddled
them; at the bench- outside the cabin.
her throat she wed a loose gray
neckerchief; in the left back pocket of
her .breeches she thrust a small revolver.
She pushed her short hair back from her
forehead; pulled on, at the back of her
head, the felt cowboy looking hat, and
was a perfect picture of handsome, ath
letic yotuifj manhood.
At nrst she thought of carrying her knife
in the breast pocket of her jacket, where
the Southerner advised her to wear it;
but. supposing she tried a boxing bout
with Diggos it might incommode her, or it
might even be jerked out. so she fastened
It in her belt. Then, calmly surveying the
room she closed the door and passed out
into the open. Taking her way down tho
trail, her lips tightly closed over . her
white teeth, her blue eyes looking out
from. their depths with a steady gaze, un
shadowed from the sun by their long
lashes, the face calm In Its expression of
a fixed resolve, as of a general going into
battle.
"I am going to the saloon. Dave. If
there's so much fun going on, It's a pity
not to see some of It."
"Do you want, to have another bout
with Digges? He says he's goin; tobe as
spry with the gloves as he Is with the
bowie... If, Master- Dankes was here, he
wouldn't like you to go down there now."
"I .am going down because he is not
here, :Dave. I may need a , friend. . Keep
your eye on me, Dave.-,
- His hand. on his hip-pocket.' Dave said,
"Ef any harm comes to you, Mister Grey.
I'll let daylight into Boss Digges,; sure! 1 '
It: was a blazing hot day. Not sultry.
There was a slight breeze. It came, from
the. hills, in: gentle puffs; too furtive and
soft to ; do .much more than make the
heart pulsate. The singing birds, none of
which at any time had more than a few
vague -notes, had ceased to punctuate the
hum of insect life with staccato reminis
cences of some previous existence. The
silence was. profound. Zella stood con
tomplating the scene before her. She
listened for the last indications of Jim's
cheerful bark and Dave's responses.
"Abner Dlgges, I pronounce that a
foul." said the Southerner. "Persisted in.
I'd have shot you in your tracks."
A shout of approval greeted the um
pire's Judgment.
"An accident of the game," said the
baffled ruffian, "and counts."
"A. foul!" exclaimed the Southerner.
"And a low thingr to do."
Dlgges suppressed the curses that wera
bubbling to his lips in face cf the general
support of the umpire's emphatic, not to
say insulting declaration.
"X say it was an accident." repeated
Digges. "and, by , It's got to go at
that!"
"And that's, the end of it." said Jag
gers.
"Anothah such an accident, sah." "a!i
the Southerner, "will be settled by the
Recording Angel, you bet your life:"
Zella leaned against Dave, and breathing
hard for a fev.- seconds recovered th«»
shock of the incident and took careful
note of the fact that before Digges re
sponded slowly to the "Time gentlemen!"
of the captain, he twice passed his kn'fa
from one hand to the other. This might
mean a trap for her. or it might mean a
certain forsetfulneps of all the hints he
had given her In their practice. Their
rounds with the gloves had not tended to
that calm repose wihlch he was accus
tomed to show on occasions of serious en
counters. Ii had hitherto been notieeabla
that Dirges had entered the arena steady,
watchful, vigorous. pulling himself
together, straightening his lumbering
figure and looking formidable from hia
very stolidity.
The encounter with Zella was. however
a sudden thins; the sequel to a quarrel
while his words were hot and his brain
in a whirl of an?w. That the sympathy
of the fr.ivd. even those of hia own par
ticular paia. had turned against him. only
served to make him desperate, which
might be to the advantage of Zella, or
ctherwlso. Anyhow, she seemed to gau?»
h.s mocd, and to be prepared for him
nowever he might attack, fair ortouL
The captain watched her keenly. It had
been in his mind to stop the fight on the
foul; but something told him that the
match was not the unequal encounter
that some of the crowd were inclined to
regard it. He observed how quickly tho
youngster leaped out of danger, even on
the stumble, and how. after a % passing
tremor, he recovered from the shock of
it. and at the same time took in his calm
smile of confidence, his nerve, the perfect
symmetry of his form, and the apt way
in which he avoided every dangeroua
move of his opponent. "As if It was an
avenging angel, by thundah!" he eaid to
himself, and drew nearer the combatants
now that they were once more at fence "
Zella. with her alertness, had an intel
lectual superiority that counts In fencinr
whatever the weapons may be. Her ob
servation was acute in the extreme. She
saw every movement, even before It was
made; and she knew her adversary's fa
vorite mode of attack, which, she was
now convinced, meant that rapid char.sra
of right hand to left which had hlthert©
won him his victories. She had not
loosened the strap on her wrist, except
k°ni?e V waVf U ree Play: *° W "^ that hls
To Dlgges the chief idea of the art o<
fencing lay In the weight of the body at
the psychological moment, the length of
arm and the force of a hit. The British
expert with the gloves at Chicago had
taught Zella that unless the mind be en
tirely engaged bodily strength Is of little
avail; and so had the Southerner at the
gymnasium, who. explaining something
of the uses and abuses of the koife. point
ed out to her that it waa alertness, the
trained eye. the interpretation of the very
thought of the foe that brought the duel
ist home with his blow at the right mo
ment and In the right place. "It don't
take much strength." he had said "to
puncture a man's heart; the thing is to>
strike the right place and at the right
second; if you are so inclined you can
make it Just as tho probe of a lance; It
doesn't want the stab of the butcher, bat
the prick of the artist."
Zella had laid all this to heart and she
had been greatly encouraged by the way
in which she had been able to punish
Dlgges with the gloves. He came at her
now. In this last round. «rt:h the persplr*
tion pouring down his face, his mouth
half open, showing his black and broken
teeth, and he came at her slowly, affect
ing a contemptuous languor; the cat and
the mouse business that Zella had been
told of in his previous encounters. But
she saw a gleam of intensity in his eyes
and the twitching of his fleshy lips that
argued a sudden rush.
As they met again Zella held the knife
between her thumb and two fingers, as if
it might have been a rapier; held it al
most jauntily. He gripped hts weapon
low and stiffly approached her slowly,
pushed his blade at her stealthily. Sh«
caught it on her point, with an almost
seeming playfulness, and glided past him.
threatening hia left guard. Not that they
had any guard except their own bare
a EP?J no , nonsense of arm
shields or cloaks for Digges and hia
camp; so that none of their encounters
were of long duration. Heenan. In the fa
mous Anglo-American battle, broke Say
era' arm in almost the first round. It
was no uncommon thing in the Platts
Valley encounters for a man ta be dis
abled right away: and thus, one-armed
for all practical purposes, to be with
drawn by his backers, and the fight
ended, "honor satisfied."
Neither Digges nor Zella had found any
opportunity to strike as yet, and Dlg^ea
had resolved to push the business, in this
second bout, to a finish. It did not looic
like it to the crowd: h'e was so gingerly
and careless, as it appeared to them
But when most he was edging from Zella
or elaborating his attack as if rather for
show than for practical effort, he was
preparing to take ground for a desperate
spring and lunge that should rip hia ad
versary to death. ,
Zella saw this, and was never durinff
the encounter more calm and collected
"Lemme 'stand by yer." Bald Dave,
dodging under the rope that had one*
more been stretched for the encounter.
' 'Come outer that!" exclaimed Jaggers*
"No; let him remain," said Zella; n«
shall attend on me." ...
- "And by the Lord." said Dave. "I will
agen' all coders!" „
He spoke w ixC a whisper, and Zella
thanked him. . _. _
Then Pete Kerridge fomented, further
discord by suggesting that an umpire
should be a man who had shown no lean
ing to one side or the other; whereupon
Captain Dan said, anyhow, there was
enly going to be one umpire on this event
ful occasion. " . ¦•''¦ ¦¦¦-¦¦' _.
"Ain't that playin* a highhanded gamer
asked Kerridge. ; c. ...
"If you think, in your shriveled heart,
sah that a man can't be honest and still
be human: if. sah. you are of opinion that
an umpiah should be an automatic ma
chine, why, you are entitled to pity, but
if you chalienge my honah, that's an
othah mattah. Mlstah Kerridge. you
have the flooah." ¦-, ¦¦_ ¦ ¦¦
"I'm not one to etand in the way or
business." said Kerridge. -.-;- ;
"O'let it go'" "Back down, Xerndge!
"Captain Dan's the umpire!" and other
encouraging remarks came from the
crowd: and the captain, removing hia
broad -brimmed felt hat. with a mock
flourish, said. "MlsUih Kerridge. the
camp's agen 1 you. sah; if you want a fur
ther judgment. I will ae« you latah.
Pete Kenidge shrugged his shoulders.
and made way for Jaggers and Jumper
Bill, v.-ho marked the ground, carefully
watched by Captain Dan; and the tight
Zella. pale and confident, stepped within
the zone. , «'li
"Will you shake, gentlemen? asked thm
umpire.
"Nary a shake for me." said Dlffges.
"I'M give you a shake that will last
yon." said Zella.
She felt it a gain to Irritate her adver
sary; and she was as certain of kllllnj
him as if she had received a flat for the
work direct from heaven.
They maneuvered. The Southerner
noticed, with a smile of satisfaction, that
Digges lacked the self-restraint that bad
hitherto characterized him when In the
ring. He seemed to be In a hurry. The
youngster watched him with a steady
eye, and held his knife with a grace that
was snake-like, he thought; seemed to
balance it between his fingers, as If with a
certain kind of contemptuous ease. Dlgges
never once tried to trifle with the young
fellow. He was in brutal earnest. He
approached the youngster savagely. The
youngster gave way, and kept him at
arm's length, with a subtlety of defense
that he recognized as one of his own deft
inventions. Once he flung out one of hia
long arms, and almost touched her cheek;
but she dodged him with an alertness
that seemed to bewilder him. All through
the round he was the attacker. Her de
fense was perfect.' There was, however,
one awful moment, in which Dave sought
his hip-pocket.
Dlgges put Into operation a trick h« had
not exploited, either In their play or in
his oral lessons. Nor was It regarded In,
the rough rules of the camp as legitimate.
He tripped her, and as she stumbled It was
evidently the brute's intention to follow
her at the disadvantage; but she recovered
with an almost miraculous success. Had
she not done so, however, she -would have
been protected by Captain Dan, who
leaped between the assailants and called
the bout ended.
THE SUNDAY CAIjIj.
(Continued next weti.)
'Seem to, mieter. seem to; and that's
what worries yer man. That's one dodge
All fair and square. You've a right to
use all yer knows, and all yer experi
ence. This is another— what I calls the
feint foxy. You loafs about— so; takln'
ground here, and takln' it thar; you
eeems to dodge and get nervous; but you
defends all right, though you makes yer
man venturesome, cocky, as they say;
thinks he's goin' ter have yer. sure; then
when you begins to puff he goes for you,
sudden, when he can't make you out.
all at once, like bell. It's a certain; never
knoWd it fail!— you Jumps for him.
catches him this way— and he turns up
his eyes."
Again he hit Zella in the self-same spot;
and ajjain she staggered fcr a moment
en5- turned alternately pale and red.
"Dcn't like the touch of it. eh?"
"No; It's awfuL I think we'll chock It
now. Thank you ever bo much. May I.
stand drinks, gentlemen?" •
"Why. certainly!"/ they said. . ,
Fortunately, each mac filled his own
E-laes from the , bottle, and Zella had
Zella examined the knife; held It by the
end of the blade, gripped the haft of it.
fastened It to her wrist, and was lnte£
rupted twice by Dlgges showing her some
technical detail In the handling.
After a little while they began their
sham fight with knives, Zella doing all
ahe, knew, and Dlgges commending her
"When you've played yer adversary in
every way but the one you mean to hit
him In there's a move as staggers him
It's) this: A feint— bo, to the left; a push
forward, and retreat; and, just as he ex
pect* an undercut with the right, you
have changed your knife to yer left *iand
—a thing he never expects— and he's done
— «o!"
The sheathed blade struck Zella In the
region cf the heart.
"Yes, I see," she said, staggering, the
color leaving her face for a moment, to
come back, hot and red.
"But don't you fasten the knife to your
wrist T'
ZeUa picked up her jacket and took
from the breast pocket the knife the
Southern soldier had given her
"You take mine." said Digges. "They
says I've some advantage wi'my weppln'
tnat'B what a cursed kyote said wnen f
{ought last. You can't tell bo well when
It ain't naked: but there, look at it. I
¦wear to hell yours ain't no wore*,
•heathin' them; why, it'« all one; might
as well be a pair o' wooden things, only
for the balance of weight."
"Now and ag*en there's a dodge and
a lunge, and a feint and a defense with
the eloves as ain't altogether new to a
fighter with the bowie or the rapier. Not
as I know much about sword play; but a
man lams a good deal, up and down the
world, mixin' with fighters of all sort*.
Now, look ye here; gimme yer knife."
"Not eo cleverly as you cotton to the
Cloves," interrupted Zella, flattering his
\-aaity.
And then Digges and Zella turned to
again; and. Zella having permitted him
to hit her fair and square, she begged for
another lesson with the bowie.
"GucES # you knows pretty well every
trick of it." he said; 'and you just cot
tons to it:"
That's sol" they all said
OVER the liquor. !n which the look
ere-on joined, Dlgges said: ""When
first 1 met yer. up yonder at the
Gulch, I hadn't much of a hlndine
to be friendly. We discourage strangers
In the Valley; 'specially jays and the like,
and youngsters, oufn cities; and I'm god
doned to hell ef I haven't come to like
»er. And what I likes, the camp likes
ein't it, pards?"
CHAPTER XXXIII-Continued.
Copyright. 1900, by Joseph Hatton.
Under the name of Philip Grey she makes a
lrf?n<3 of Solomon Dankes and lives Jn his
cab*n. Bhe meet* Digges and proceeds to wla
fcte conf-dence.
Zcl'.a recovers from the shock of this news, she
pretends to leave for a trip to Europe, buj in
reality cons male attire and Bets out for the
prlft to avenge her lover's death.
Dlgges stabs Glover to the heart
Clover and his partner. Solomon Dankes. at
tend a celebration at the drift. Dlggea inten
tionally insults Glover and challenges him to a
<5uel with bjw ie-knives.
Dexter bribe? a woman to say that she Is the
dr-serted artfc of N^d Glover, but this scheme
fall* through owing to the shrewdness of Mrs.
O riagan. Zella's Xriead. Glover writes encour
aging letters from the mining parr.p. Zella re
sign* her r>cs!tlon in Dexter' f office.
Joe Wll'.iaras warns Glover about the Inten
tion* of Dexter, tmt without avail, for fce eeta
out for the min^p. Ijexter hinta at love to
Zella, but is repulsed.
Glover accepts a mlrlr.sr interest from Dexter
which will take him to Colorado for several
months. He hopes to make a fortune and then
return to marry the wiping Zella. Dexter, how
ever, makes an arrangement with Dlgges by
which he ir.ter.ds to have Glover killed as soon
as he reachei the mines.
ZELLA BRUNNEX. a member of the Chicago
Women' a Athletic Club »nd typewriter to
Hlrajn Dexter, millionaire. Is Insulted on her
¦way horr« by a ruffianly miner, Abner Dlgges.
y*& Glover, an Enflishar-aa and writer for the
Daily Mail, Interferes. Diggee flrawe a knife
and lar^ee at Glover, but 1b knocked down by a
blow from Z*;ia_ Joe Williams, a detectlre.
arrest* IDlspes, but hi* case Is dismissed with
t JJght pectence. Dlgpes e wears vengeance on
Glover. Aeio* Storey, proprietor and editor of
the Daily Mail. Is a personal friend of Hiram
Dexter. Ptorcy eends Glover to get an article
on the llle d the n-.Jlllonaire. Dexter takes a
fancy to the youns man and propose* to give
him an interest in some mining ventures. Glo
ver finds that he is living above his means, and
tjpon mentioning the latter to Storey Is advl6ed
to take a room at a certain boarding-bouse,
which turns out to be the same one where Zella
Bremen lives. He there meets the girl who
Raved his life end whom he has sought for in
vain. It Is a ca*e of love at erst eight. Hiram
E>exter'E good feeling for Glover changes to
hate when fce finds that the young man is vir
tually the accepted lover of Zella; for the mil
lionaire. In pplte of his age, wishes to make her
hi* wife.
Synopsis.
ZELLA LOOKS BACK AND GOES FOR
WARD. -
Zella waited Impatiently for Dave's re
turn; waited and wondered. It had been
borne m upon her that her mission of
vengeance, for weal or woe,. was on the
eve of terminating-. .
She never seriously doubted what the
end would be. Yet there were times when
she was much less confident than at
others. It surprised her, when she re
membered in detail almost every lesson
the had received in the art of self-defense
at the Women's Athletic Club, 'and how
every supplementary hint and suggestion
that she had obtained from Abner Dlgg-es
had combined with it into a solidified and
unique knowledge.
In her bouts of boxing with Dlgges and
with others In the camp she had never
once used all her skill, until last night,
when she had hit Digges dexterously and
CHAPTER XXXV.
&
8adoration. The new' life, becomes a pow
erful influence for good if It clings to that
Love Is the friction that kindles within
the human heart . the tiny spark that
grows brighter and brighter until it con
sumes all of self in its Intense fiery pas
sion and lives only for the object' of Its
All traces of anger left the face of the
youth as he listened to the hot, passionate
words issuing from the lips of the one he
loved so well, and he answered In a gen
tle voice: "Star Byes, I love you as no
brave love you. No listen Umlwahtah, but
wait until come back. You will not hide
face from shame for Tall Pine. I go war
path; bring scalp. Will you wait? 1 .' ! :
"Indian gal wait," whispered Star Eyes
softly. Then she fled like a frightened
fawn back to a place of safety.
The girl turned upon him like a tiger
held at bay. Her eyes seemed as living
coals glowing beneath the bellows of
anger. "If do I kill you." she hissed
through her set teeth. . "You laughed at
by all tribe now. No good they think.
Would make It worse? Redskin gal never
forget, never forget word."^
a great pine. Scalp no' dangle at belt.
You no stand torture." Here a silvery
laugh echoed among the mountains* liks
the rippling of a stream. "I see nqw," she
continued, "you forced to put on war
paint. You thought you fight, an' you
look like paleface. Go way! Indian gal
no want coward."
"Beware what say," he cried fiercely.
"You no love me: you love Umiwahtah.
You be squaw Umlwahtah; but If do there
is room for scalp on girdle of Tall Pine,
but It be no scalp of pale face."
The night wm so dark that It was with
difficulty Tall Pine found the deep ravine,
which he purposed'to follow. Many times
he stumbled and fell, yet he pressed on
ward, until the eastern sky gave faint
signs of coming dawn. Then, over rocks,
up almost perpendicular walls, he climbed
until n. sheltered nock commanding the
desired view, of the uneven, mountainous
trail offered protection from the heat of,
the approaching sun. He threw himself
upon the ground in utter weariness and
slept until the daylight began to wane.
lo the peaceful valley twenty-two faces
of men. women and children gathered to
gether and partook of the uncooked food
with a . keen relish. They laughed and
talked in subdued tones, and as the dark
mantle of night was spread over them
they retired within their tents, resting In
¦ ¦ ¦ '> ¦
Two scouts nodded over the dying em
bers of the campflre, and a light step
passed and repassed so softly that the
ears, keen even In slumber, did not detect
the sound.
The words, "Go away! Indian gal no
want coward!" burned ' into the memory
of Tall Pine like a brand, never again to
be effaced. They changed him from .the
careless. Indolent, fun-loving youth to the
cruel, fierce, blood-thirsty warrior. The
nature of the savage seemed to awaken
from its lethargy with all of the pent up
force of years, and he yearned, with an
intense longing that could never again be
wholly quenched, to exercise his realized
powers.; Vv ¦
which lifts up and ennobles; but how
often" It sinks to the lowest depths but to
prove Its loyalty.
the sweet fervor of security. Nearer and
nearer came the danger,-8O guarded
against 'during weeks of slow and weary
traveling.-; Thus it ever, is; when the thtng_
we. most long tor Is' within our reach or [
the object for which we have" striven dur
ing sleepless days and nights is nearly
won, we relax our . vigilance and too.
late awaken to : the fact that all is lost". •
For, nearly three months careful watch
had heenkept, but.upon.the eve, of com
pleting their journey all were found sleep
ing^ ' .
A .strong will- indomitable cruelty, mus
cular fingers and the dread scalping-knife
performed a night's work of barbarity
only found'recorded In the history of sav
age : -nations.''. 'The morning sunlight was
veiled l>y heavy clouds, and the raindrops
fell softly upon upturned faces and torn
the brightly blazing campflre. Within Its
radius stood Tall Pine supporting a pole
•from which twenty-two scalps were sus
pended. Black paint covered his body, re
lieved In darkness only by • a'
head-dress of gaudy feathers. He
looked like a statue carved from
the. heartwood of ebony. Neither the
feeling of triumphant pride nor the long
ing to break the bonds of restraint ana
yWinking is reflex and Inborn, as we sea
In an Infant. Frogs have double eyelids
and wink Infrequently. This protects
them under water. Just as many birds vaa
both eyelids to protect them in rapid
flight.
The 'eye regarded as "the window of th»
soul" is somewhat out of date. Modern
scientists prove that all the expression is
in the lid— whether quick or slow in ac
tion, drooping and dreamy or alert and
rapid. The clean cut eyelid Is an Indica
tion of health. The Orientals r Up the eye
lashes of their infants, so that the lashes
may grow long, full and curving, to cur
tain them . from the rays of the tropical
sun and also to protect them from tho
sirocco driven sand.
this function by giving the higher species
longer and finer lashes than the lower or-
AS quick as a wink" is a proverb of
comparison. The rapidity of th»
wink is, however, of more Inter
est to scientists in Germany, who
have lately computed that in our waking
hours by winking once a second on an
average man performs the involuntary
function no less than 5O.0CO times a day,
or in a year something like 19.000.000 times.
Measuring the distance that both eye
lies travel as a quarter of an inch. It is
seen that the total distance traveled in
a lifetime of fifty years is no less than
72«.J miles. ,or one-nird way around the
globe.
"And yet these common wonders of
our daily life grow insignificant when we
come to consider the several functions of
i • normal body," said Dr. George F.
Shrady. In commenting upon these cai
culatlons. "The miracles of our ordinary
existence have grown ro commonplace by
familiarity that we seldom regard these
things In a serious light. Take the cir
culation of the blood and the action of
the heart, for instance, which does a
work in a lifetime which represents tho
lifting of several million tons. The cal
culation of the eyelid Is merely typical of
-all parts of the body performing functions
dally which, when reduced to figures,
seem colossal."
An eminent New York practitioner sup
plemented this view with observations
pertinent to the case. "These figures are
decidedly inaccurate," was his comment,
"for the reason that people differ in tha
' frequency of winking as in any other nor
mal action. For Instance, the dark-hatr«d
and nervous type of both sexes winks fas
ter than the phlegmatic, and while ona
wink to the second will do for such an
organization, one wink In five to eight
seconds suffices for the phlegmatic. Inac
tive organism. The more sensitive tha
quicker and faster the action of the lids.
.Nature has provided v very carefully for
Do You Wink Faster
Than Other Men?
The tell-tale blood mounted to cheek and
brow and the light of a great Joy flashed
into the eyes of the dusky maiden as she
liEtencd to words that fell like sweet
music upon her cars, yet ehe veiled this
look with her long lasnea until all the
light had died out. Then Bhe raised her
lids, and looking into the face of her
lover said: "Umatilla gal love— love
rhame to me. You no set scalp; no get
fcoaor; no get not'ing at all. You big as
"Star Kyes." said Tall Pine one evening,
"by the Great Spirit in yonder waterfall
I swear my love to you. I make wigwam
ready. You come be my squaw. Love
always."
The affections of Star Kye 8 yearned to
ward the former, but she felt proud to
own homage from the latter— the young
est warrior of her tribe.
Umiwahtah possessed all of the daring
qualities lacked by his more successful
rival. The highest mountain l»ut served
as a delight for him to scale, the deepest
precipice had re-tchoed with the sound of
his light footfall, and he never lost an op
portunity of dangling a fresh scalp at hla
belt.
Tall Pine was fair to look upon. The
war paid could not hide his regular fea
tures nor cloud the brightness of his eyes.
He was tall and F.tralght as an arrow,
end his well-developed muscles might
have been the pride of Kawawa. the old
chief. But beauty of form and feature
cannot compensate a warrior for the lack
of those qualities In his son h*» so much
admires. Tall Pine shunned the war path
and was content but to fish and hunt.
In a tribe cf Umatilla Indians, where
the squaws were happy in being 1 but the
attendants and servitors of these beings
of the wilderness, there dwelt a youthful
maiden, born with the same surroundings
end reared with the same servile training
as that of her sisters, yet nature had des
tined her to rule, not to be ruled. At
times she serrred like a sweet wnd bird
of the forest as some plaintive melody is
puod from her lips, but again, with Indian
pccacity and cunning, she appeared lik>;
the tiger about to leap upon its unwary
victim. Her eyes, dark as right, pierced
the hearts of her sisters with dag^T
thrusts or caused them to flutter with
pleasrd expectancy by their archness. H«t
hair was parted and combed low over the
smooth forehead and hung In long, glossy
braids down her back. A mantel of the
finest fkins covered her person, while
moccasins of deerskin, t-titched with
beads of the brightest hue. protected her
feet. From f-arlicst childhood she had
b*"-cn known as Star Eyes, and many an
Indian brave would gladly have taken th.j
Umatilla maiden into his hostile camp.
but Star Eyes prff^rred remaining with
her own race, where her attentions were
divided between Tall Pine and Umiwah
tah. A growing hatred had sprung up
v.-ithln the hearts cf these untamed men
of savagery-
5TANDTNG on the lofty summit of a
mountain and with the eye tracing
the course of the Sr.ake Kiver. as
it winds In and out amor.g the foot
hills of the Rockies, one cannot help feei
lr.g that the sapphire waters, sparkling
as though myriads of diamonds were
floating beneath the surface, had been
transformed Into a huge serpent, wending
its way toward the quiet depths of the
Pacific.
Many years ago the portion of this river
row known as the Whisky Rapids was i
broad, smooth stream, resembling a sheet
of glass glimmering In the sunshine. Here
f.fh of all kinds, weary of battling with
the swift currents, barked in the quiet of
these waters. During the summer montbs
numerous tribes of Indians camped upon
its borders and spent their time in the
eport so dear to the heart of every brav<=-.
Hostilities were forgotten and the pipi? of
peace was freely smoked while lingering
upon its shores. Strange legends ha\>
been told of these early Inhabitants, some
cf them forgotten, while others seem to
brighten as the years go by, because na
ture herself is the narrator and carries
forward Into the centuries the never
faUlnc proofs of the. authenticity of in?
tale cf which she bears evidence. As we
gaze upon the turbulent, seething waters
of Whisky Rapids and recall the stories
related by father to Fon of its early quiet
ness and beauty, we cannot doubt thnt
some strong forte, other than human,
wrought the change, and it is rot hard
to believe the following etory worthy of
credence.
The curse of Umlwahtah still rests upon
Whisky Rapids, although his soul has
gone to reap the reward of his mad ven
detta. \
A tiny, beaded moccasin was found
floating near the /outlet of Snake River,
while JusJ benea/h a small dusky hand
lay closely clasped within the embrace off
a larger one; though severed at the wrists
the clinging fingers were a bond still
uniting the two lives so ruthlessly cast
asunder. -Tv 1 -*-;'
• , - • •
Slowly the contents bubbled forth and
mingled with the clear, crystal drops at
his feet. In a moment it seemed that an
unquenchable flre had been kindled be
neath th«» bed of the once placid stream;
the foam gathered upon the disturbed,
agitated waters and rocks sprang up by
magic. The frail canoe shivered like a
leaf before the destroying gaie and then
was shattered in pieces, while its occu
pants were rudely hurled against the*
rocks as the swift current carried them
6*nward. . .
A dark form crouched upon the bank,
while the keen eyes of Jealousy watched
every movement of the light craft until
it had reached the center of the stream-
Then he drew from his pocket a small
flask of whisky. "Now time," he whis
pered, exultingly. "Paleface black devil
come aid— have me — no hunting ground
go with you. Paleface sells out Indian:
sell soul, too. Ugh! Yellow devil do
work. Do work well— soul pays price!"
The hours glided by, and under the star
lit sky the lovers were free at last to seek
their own pleasure. The tiny canoe*, which
etood In waiting, was soon pushed from
the shore and out upon the sparklinjr
waters. The world was forgotten while
the oft-repeated story of love was told
with a charm that makes It ever new.
upon the evening Sir like the murmur of
the brook, their eager eyes noting every
movement of some favored brave. Th»
face of Star Eyes was radiant with a
happiness she no longer tried to conceal;
proudly she watched the erect form of
Tall Pine, clad in the garments so dear to
the heart of every Indian girl. The fetters
of shame that bad bound the love within
her breast were loosened, and what cared
she then for the fierce and sullen looks
of Umlwahtah as he went by unnoticed
and unheeded, even when a muttered,
curse was breathed in passing.
of daring. The luminous sparks from tha
fire seemed merrier upon their brightly
painted bodies while they danced hand-ln
hand or singly, singing rude songs, broken
by ruder cries, until the perspiration stood
In great drops upon their foreheads and
the weary dancers dropped upon ths
ground, but to be replaced by others. The
low, rudely constructed wigwams were
lighted by torches that seemed but the
faint echo of the light without. The
squaws moved silently as the darkening
shadows upon the mountainside or sat In
groups conversing In low, subdued tones.
while the laughter of the maidens floated
hear the worts of eennnanfiailm frora
the lips of hi« chosen r bride- betrayed,
themselves In his stole countenance, al
though both strove- for the mastery.
Nearly thirty Umatllla warriors were led,
by Kawawr, their chief. In the war danc»
historically noted for Its diabolical Influ
ence upon the savage, participants. It
served as a stimulus to acts of cruelty
and revenge, or It proved an expression of
fiendish delight after some notable deed
tr.d bleeding heads. Nattrr© *eemed wee>.
Ing for her children.
As darkness again covered the hills ths
' ro^s were piled higher and higher upon
—
THE SUNDAY CALL.'
der."
9
VMIWAHTAH'S REVENGEthose personal qualities which are ever
a mystery to the Individual and an open
book to the rest of the world, may make
a journey to the university where is to
be contained all the knowledge of all the
ages, claim admittance and learn to know
himself. .
Here he will be *met by the trained
delvers Into character. Here he will be
j studied even as under the microscope the
scientist studies a rare find whose dis
section Is to benefit all the worlds. I Here
': the"; young man will be Informed of his
defects, mental, moral, physical, and of
his stronger capabilities. Here he will
learn to ascertain in others the advan
tages lacking In ¦ his own composition.
Here he will. bo furnished with a diploma
declarine him eligible to a Ufa partnershla
samples of lace she showed me were ex
quisite, bo I told her It would be all right. -
She gave me about ten yards of the lace,
and It was worth every .cent of what was
credited her for It"
"I was paid in washing for a divorce I
secured," said J. H. Paul. "A woman came
to me one time with a tale of woe about
her husband, and wanted me to get a di
vorce for her. She said. that she didn't
want any work done for her for nothing,
but that ehe was not able to pay money. .
She would do my washing for twenty-five
weeks, though, If I would free her from ¦ t
her husband. She refused to let me act
in charity for ber. and as she wanted a
divorce so that she could marry another
man I accepted her offer, and she washed
away, literally, her marriage ties,"—Mil
jrankM EcnUaeL
"I asked her to what Iofige ho be
longed and Eh c told mo (ho xuuna of an
SOMETIMES there are fabulously
large fees paid to attorneys for ser
vices which seem trifling In com
parison, but it is only sometimes,
Bot always, that such fees are paid. The
boy who is educated for the law. who
thinks that within a year after he "hangs
cat his shingle" he will have a practice
TrnSch will Insure him a competence, will
find that he Is "up against" an entirely
different proposition when he enters on
fcls chosen career. Even the old lawyers
Co not always get cash fees, and the dor-
See of queer foes that have been paid to
Milwaukee lawyers alone would fill a vol
ume. Burglars' loot, farm produce, labor
of all descriptions, almost everything im
aginable, would appear on the list.
The story of a fee told by one young
lawyer Is one of the kind where a lawyer
docs not like to have his name mentioned,
but it probably wasn't his fault. A vis
itor was in the bachelor's den of the
young lawyer, when he noticed an en
graved spocn hanelng- by a ribbon among
eome photographs, as though it might be
e relic of some sentimental collegian's
love affair.
"That cpoon Is a fee for clearing a
client one time," said the owner of the
decoration. "1 had that given to me afttr
I defended old Bill Bradley; the burclar.
"*Wh< n I v.-as practicing up north," said
Judge \V. H. Halsejr. "I bad a fee in -kind
that I appreciated as much as I have 5309
fees at other times. I had defended an
old farmer in a small suit, though I did
uot expect to get any pay from him. The
euit was decided in our favor and the
old tanner and hi-s wife went home. Some
months afterward the two came Into my
office with a. package and a bundle tied
¦up in a handkerchief. The package was
a roll of butter, tbe handkerchief bundle
tras hazel nuts, and from the old farmer's
pockets oarre two h!g rosy checked apples.
That butter, apples and nuts' fee was as
satisfactory to me as any I ever re
"For ten years I have never paid to
have an umbrella mended," said one law
yer.
"The rich landlord of the story book
style wanted the 6tore the old crippled
cmbrella man was using for a chop, and
started to force the old fellow out. I
fixed bim so nice that he was allowed to
ctay, and ever since that I have taken
my rain shield* to him for free mending.
That was sill the fee I received for that
case, too."
"I had the secrets of my own lodge of
fered to me as payment for a service,"
eaid one attorney, who belongs to several
secret orders. "I was sitting In my of
fice one day when a well-dressed woman
came in and wanted advice. Her hus
band, to whom she 1 was but recently mar
ried, was a member of a secret society.
" *I tbink It's perfectly horrid of him,
too,' she Baid. *to have secrets and not to
tell them to me When he married me be
(said he would chare everything with me,
and the first thing I ask, almost, be won't
Co. Can't you make him?"
Queer Feas of Lawyers.
"We have been selling very few fane of
late years," says one of San Frar.cisco's
dealers. "The trade has been pocr sine*
gas gave- way to electric lights and ball
rooms are cooler than formerly."
As !f that had anything to do with it!
Wouldn't the Cubans laugh, at the
tio'jjrht? What <3o you girls suppose a
fan is lor, anyway?
For flirtation, to tw? sure!
Not for a vulgar code of signals, such as
Europeans in past ycars / established. If
Clrtation were put t>elwe«n covers by a
Pole or a Cavendish, who directed that a
fan cpenwl against the left shoulder
meant "Com*," and against the right
laear.t "Waft," then flirtation would be
as scientific a game aa whist and the art
cf It would be a lost art.
It is the fan's very spontaneity that
snakes it flirtatious. It beckons alluringly;
It flaps angrily, it closes In cruel reserve.
It wafts tenderly. It has all the fickle
.moods of ¦woman and it makes hers
doubly charming.
She is never so dangerous as when
exmed thus. Didn't the Portuguese ladles
of the fourteenth century discover this
fact before they adopted fans? Didn't
Catherine de Medld know this when ehe
Introduced them Into France? Didn't
Eizabe-th know this when she gathered
en arsenal of twenty-seven * fans with
which to besiege mankind?
There is tie synopsis of a whole ro
nance In the attitudes of a fan. Watch
It for a while and see how It changes ex
jxreesion and you will come to the conc!'i-
OUR Cuban sisters, with all the
heart-playir.pr .'nstinets that belon?
to their Spanish blood, are teaching
ys the methods of warfare.
"The fan is our weapon." they say.
They have cheeks and lips and eyes, to
be sure. But without the fan, thev tell
ta t these would be as an attacking army
¦manned.
"Give us a fan or we are helpless,"
ttey assert.
Bo that is how they do It. We know
now. We know how 't is that masculine
nearts which visited the West Indies ir
bygone years never came back. We know
why palrny, balmy Gulja has had a repu
tation for being- a very isle of sirens.
Borne of those sirens have escaped since
tJxe annexation end have come to us. And
¦we find that not In a 5ong but in only a
fan lies their dangrcr.
We have always t:sed fans, to be sure,
but we have been so hideously, Ameri
canly practical about them. We thought
the use of a fan was to keep us cool. Ye
The wondrous twentieth century Is
looked for to produce undreamed of pos
sibilities, but it Is safe to pay that the
projected establishment of a college for
courtship will not take the least rank
osiong coming novelties. When* the plan
materializes the young man untutored in
the ways ( of love, divinely Ignorant of
REAT Eros! Think of It! A school
,f~^ for courtship! An Institution where
U. ft the man and the maid may be so
trained in the way th«y should go
as to result In the upspringing of a new
race, a race of intellectual and physical
giants! A university of examination Into
character, with the experts of the faculty
passing upon the peculiarities of the stu
dents and assigning to each his or her
affinity!
college For Courtship.
Watch it woo. Word that lips may not
say It says for them. It touches one ca-
It can defy, too, and scorn. But thesa
are not its charming moods. They are its
ways of blowing cold.
Again, "How you bore me!" says the
fan. Its owner may save her manners,
the fan speaks for her. It Is languid, full
of ennui. It wafts ever so slowly and at
last rests. It challense* a talker to be
more entertaining.
It grows angry. Ton can hear It flap
like a raging bird. A woman angry Is
usually a sorry sight; but her fan storms
more gracefully. It even lends grace to
her fury.
order of which I myself was a member.
Then she went on:
" 'I tell you what, if you will make him
tell them to me, I will tell them to you
to pay you for making him do what I
want. That's fair, isn't it? I should think
you would like to know such things. Need 1 '
them in your business, you know."
"I didn't accept that fee."
"I had a good offer from one woman
that I did accept." continued the attorney,
"for it was" too Rood to refuse, although
It was not in cosh. I had represented her
In an action for divorre, and after the suit
had been won she wanted me to accept
part payment in handsome lace. The
It is as reserved as she. Could any
thing be more defensive than its closed
panels? A man's impulse is to get past
that defense.
As conversation warms the fan takes
nart. Its owner is found to have very
What about the fan?
addition to a theatrical poee. but it Isn't
worth beans for flirting. It is clumsy.
Borne little fan of gauze can b« handled
more readily. A little gauze and silver
and ivory affair is up to date and adaptive
as welL
Now notice how It behaves when given
Its own way.
Suppose the owner is entering into con
versation with a new acquaintance. She
Is somewhat reserved and secretly crit
ical.
If you would be well armed choose a
fan, not for Its cost but for Its trace.
An Immense feather fan makes a showy
elon thai it 1* a ver*atn» coquette. * - or
the essence of coquetry is, after all, that
same char.gefulness. whimsicality.
jwertlve opinions and the fan tap-taps
to emphasize them, t is energetic, but
¦till.closed. f - * l ° reserve Is by no means
penetrated
Not ur.'i at occurs does it open freely.
Once opt:: f hat a myriad of whims It dis
plays.
It doubts. See how it draws back, paus
ing
"Guided and directed by competent •*
perts in the science of human character
every one fit to" marry could select wtS
certainty, a better half and posterity hi
dowered^with & legacy 6t S2S «id
brains. There would thus bo no dJror««
courts or miserable* mlsmated homesk
"T. J. BROOKa.*
"Would you give your brains, or any
part of them— any part of your accom
plishment, or any. part of your physical
health and well being— for any legacy of
wealth? A sound and vigorous physical
and mental inheritance is the greatest
legacy man can hold In fee. A mated
pair, a young. couple of sweethearts, are
the napplest souls alive.
"If scientific courtship and propagation
were established there would be a race,
of people reared up in two generations
as far superior^ to the present race as
the present race is above the Bedouin.
The application of scientific principles to
courtship and propagation will mark tha
grandest epoch in the progressive evolu
tion of the human race since the moraine
stgrs sang together. *
It is horrible to think of the haphaz
ardnesa of present and past methods of
matchmaking.
"Every marriageable man and woman
should have the X-ray of science turned
upon him or her, and the physical and
mental makeup of each indicated on tab
ulated charts, and the character of tha
person suited for a life companion made
known. A heavy penalty should be at
tached to the fraudulent use In any wav
of these charts. The millennium win
never come at a bound. It must ba de
veloped. ¦ u **
"How came you in this world? Are you
not what you are and who you are as a
result of a train ofj'clrcumstances whlcU
brought your parents together in wed
lock? Are you not concerned about what
ever was left you by them as a heritage?
Arc you not concerned about what you
leave as a heritage to your posterity?
Perhaps no better explanation of tha
idea can be conveyed than by quoting an
expression of purpose which ita originator
has made:
"Born October 17. 1S70. Paternal grand
father came from. Ireland. Reared on a
farm. Lived there most of the time.
Teach school and metldle In politic*.
Blond. Temperament biliou3 and san
guine compound. Unmarried."
The father of this scheme for the
world's regeneration i3 T. J. Brooks. Mr.
Brooks is a resident of Atwocd. Chances
are. the average reader has heard of At
wood, but Mr. Ercoks purposes to mak»
the name of the obscure lUtle Tennessee,
town go thundering down the asr«>s as the.
birthplace of mankind's redemption. Mr.
Brooks has clipped deep into the mysteri
ous pool known sometimes as "the new
thought." He is in many ways a remark
able man. His autobiography ia terse and
characteristic of the inr.n. Here It Is;
As a result of this system there are to
be no more unhappy marriages, because
there are to be no mtsmated couples.
Consequently there are to be no more sep
arations of the onw wedded, and the oc
cupation of the divorce lawyer, like that
of Othello, will be gone. The world Is
to be distinctly bettered by this gran<S
plan, and the demon of discord Is to b«
exorcised frcm the pleasant land.
with some young person of the oppotrfts
sex whose character, having been Inquired
Into by the faculty, haa been determined
as most suited to blend with bis own.
Let your fan follow its own devices. It
won't do so long without flirting and that
The coquette of to-day has more art
than this. The keynote of her fan flirta
tion is spontaneity.
When the Europeans of years bade— tha
French, Italians," Spanish— first cams to
carry fans they were so delighted with
their possibilities that they adopted vari
ous actions in handling them which soon,
grew to be a code of signals. An old num
ber of the Spectator proposes a drill In
fan signals.
What a peephole! And arranged, what
Is more, with the- art that conceals art,
for was ever anything more natural than
to place a cobweb among the- grasses? It
Is the guileless little web that ensnares
many a victim. m
The cobweb fan is good at that sort of
thing. It is painted In a leafy design and
a big summer cobweb spreads in the most
natural fashion amid the grass. This web.
Instead of being painted, is delicately
woven of silk threads and the background
cut away.
barricade, most likely, and turns him
back. Then, as he is retreating, out from
behind the barricade peep laughing eyes,
tempting: him on once more and ho can
no more resist than can sailor at siren'*
sons. In spite of all his bachelor vows
the chances are he will be satisfied only
when the fan drops In final surrender.
There are some of our own San Francis
co girls who handle the death-deallns
weapon like the senoritas of tradition.
Laura McKirstry has be<m known to
work havoc in a sincrle evening with on»
of the black fans which she always car
ries. Met demure they look, the somber
sinners, but they accomplish what no
Mauser ever could.
It is said, too, that Walter Hobart fell
before a little white gauze- fan that
wheedled him. Mrs. Walter has it In ons
of her drawers to this day. preserved Ilka
the musket of a veteran.
Birdie Fair, when she was yet Birdie,
had a collection of carved sandal wood
fans— the kind that were strung on blu*
ribbons and laid away in our grandmoth
ers' drawers, where tiiey answered the
purpose of sachet while off duty. You
know they are carved so openly that all
sorts of little peepholes appear in them.
Birdie used to set behind these and watch
the glances that would try to penetrate,
her barricade.
resslngly. It beckons him airarragly an4
anon, when he ha* followed. It builds a
THE SUOT> AY CALL.
Co€e!
10
CUPID'S DEADLIEST WEAPON AND
HOW TO USE ITCamera fiend— 1 1*» no crime. I ruess. to
take a snapshot at anybody.
Commonplace young man— It Is to taka
one of me. I'm copyrighted.— Chicago
Commonplace young man (scion of Illus
trious family)— HI, there I Don't you point •
that thing this way!
A "gem," strictly speaking, is not mere
ly a precious stone. It is an engraved stone
Two thousand years ago 'gem cutters'un
derstood how to polish the cutting of an
engraving throughout on both sides. The
art is ;nowjlo9t. ' A gentleman' called
Thornton, residing in Sydenham. has. in
his possession a, chrysoprase with a per
fectly cut and polished engraving upon
it. It . was found many • years ago in the
catacombs of .Rome. ~,.A\ Hebrew: banker,
who ¦ has a wonderful collection of en
graved stones, ; has 'offered as much as
$40,000 without tempting the owner to part
with it— Chicago, Tribune. ;
twelve months.- But he has had no re
ply. • ...- ' \
A German" physicist, G.\Tammann, has
recently discovered some hitherto unnoted
facts concerning ice and the freezing, point
of water.:. He; finds that ; not only does the
freezing point vary with the pressure, but
that' three different' kinds of ice can-bNa
produced,' each possessing its own crystuj
line. 'structure. Thus water may." now be
said ' to " have ¦ five known forms, namely,
watei> vapor, water as a, liquid, ordinary
ice, called by Tammann ice I, ice in its
second form, or ice II, and ice in its third
form, denominated &¦ ic« III.'
' ¦ . ¦ '- .. : ' * ' ¦ -
of the back hair, is an absolute novelty
and one that is very charming.
Just a word here as to the pins that are
so "nobtruslve and yet so all Important
an item in the coiffure's of the smartly
groomed woman. Never under t any con
sideration should one uso wire hairpins,
except, of course, those infinitesimal ones
called the "invisible." The imitation shell
hairpins aro ever.RO much better taste,
year for life. The owner refused.. . i
One of the most" perfect safes In the
world is in a church at Genoa. Italy. In
it Js a vaso cut from a single emerald.
It is twelve and a half inches in diameter
and five and three-fourth inches high. .No'
other emerald approaching it in size
Is known. A millionaire offered $1,000,000
for this treasure, but was assured that
money would not buy It.
On the occasion of the Queen's recent
visit to Ireland a programme of all . the
traveling arrangements and details of the
Journey was made up.. It Included a map
of the railway/route, a map of Dublin,
the order of the procession and a lfst^of
prominent: Irish officials. Only bnecopy
was printed, and this was ,bound ¦ In green
velvet, with a ? gold harp and crown on
either," side. •». A*- Dublin brewer/ of , groat
wealth was most anxious to induce .'the
firm which, printed this -unique specimen
to duplicate it. lie met with a flat're
fusal. ':¦-. .- '•¦'¦•': .'¦''.. '¦.
Of Shakespeare's signature there are but
seven known specimens, one of '! which is
doubtful. That one in the British museum
cost : $15,000. "A' millionaire recently offered
$100,000 for a genuine autograph y'bf
Shakespeare if . brought to him within
The most expensive picture known Is
the Raphael In the '. National ' Gallery of
England, which cost the nation $350,000.
It cannot be bought. Another famous pic
ture by the same great' artist is in pos
seFsion of a country squire In ; the Mid
lands. He is not a rich, man, and it must
have been a temptation when a million
airs baron sent him an offer, accompanied
by a blank check. The check was return
ed.; ; Undlscouraged, the baron made a
ru.finito nn*«r— $250,000 down and $10,000 a
.'¦.'¦ ' -. ' j
about the soft folds of the hair and bring
ing the ends together under the knot of
the hair. That is, when the coiffure is done
low on the neck a~d waved loosely back
from the forehead. For high coiffures,
when the knot la made not too far front,
two loops at pearls laid over the natural
waves above the forehead, ¦with one
wound around the knot itself and two
others caught loosely against tho softness
years ago. He saw great flocks of the
alpaca wandering on the Andes. Being a
wool grower himself, he was struck with
their splendid fleece. -He resolved to buy
some and take them home. He found that
the Peruvian Government absolutely pro
hibited their export. lie tried, by char
tering a special ship, to smuggle some off,
but was unsuccessful. Then the idea oc
curred to Him of taking them out of tho
country eastward. ike bought a large
flock, engaged trusty men. and had the
creatures driven over the passes, 18,000
feet Rbove sea level, and then clean across
the continent to Buenos Ayres. This lit
tle expedition cost him $13,000. But the
long march had so weakened the alpacas
that they all died on the voyage.
when one cannot keep a stock of real ones
on hand. Many a girl goes "Bhort" on
matinoc caramels, to keep her supply of
real shell pins undiminlshed. A great
ma.ny people are prone, to. think that there
is.no difference whatsover, so long' as
the imitations arc- fairly presentable, but
there . is a difference, and Just the one
that you'll notice between the boots that
you buyrendy made and the snugly fit-
whose solo companion is a splendi.1
Angora cat. Alone the two lived In the
comfortable house, and, very rarely dM
either go far away from home. A short
time ago, however, tho lady felt very
lonesome, and no she decided to invite a
few of her neighbors , to dinner. . They
came, and after dinner* the cat entered
tho room and' on account of its beauty at
once attracted general attention. "
The guests petted It fondly and finally
one of them, an elderly spinster, tpok it
up in her arms and'asked it a cur/oua
question^
VTell me, pus?y,", she *nid, "which of
U3 who are now in the room will die
first?"
Straightway the cat leaped from her
arms, and with tail erect and loud purrs
went straight to an old lady who sat at
the other end of the room. - Not being
superstitious the entire company burst
out laughing and the hostess was warm
ly congratulated on possessing such a
wonderful ca> • '
CAT THAT POR5TOUD DEATH-
SX a neat little villa at Oentilly. near
Paris, thero has lived for several
years a widow named Mme. Richard,
A few days later, however, the old ladT
who had been selected by the cat as
death's next victim actually died, and,
then. the storm arose. Some persons in
sisted that Mme. Richard was a sorceress
and that her cat was an evil spirit, whlla
others maintained that thfe cat alone was
to blame and ought to be promptly killed.
The clamor at last became so loud that
six of the ladles who had been Jinn.
Richard's guests on the eventful evening
decided to. take definite action, and so
they laid a formal complaint before the.
police- authorities. In which they urged
that the offending cat, whose eyes they
described as "supernatural and diaboli
cal," should be killed without delay.
What action, if any, the police have taken
is not yet known.
ting ones built over "our own particular
and exclusive last. '^
Much might be said, and most appropri
ately, on the care pf the hair, but cer
tainly the maid who is desirous enough
of looking her best and of wearing a fil
let of pearls in her coiffure has that same
hair shining: and soft from the constant
grooming she has given it.
Simplicity in decoration always results
In the nappleat effects, and the festoon
ing loops of pearls can be worn in half a>
dozen ways.
The woman who owns a lustrous strinst
of beautiful pearls can vary the mode o*
wearing them in the hair— around tha
throat, or caught among the dainty lacea
of an evening; gown, to suit her Individual
taste ar.d the occasion. They are appro
priate for any affair.
e=TptHAT exqulElte pallor peculiar to
j prarls has been one of their great-
Jl est attractions to women, and since
the stormy days of Cleopatra— and
who kcows how lor-* before?— pearls have
held their own in the afTectipn of the sex.
To-day to an elegant frock and a fash
ionable and becoming coiffure a string of
pearls brings the one touch of luxurioua
noFs which mar net be at all necessary
to the satisfaction or the wearer, but,
which will produce an added glow of
conscious Fuperlority. All women love to
be well dressed, and no one can hope lo
attain this end without certain chic at
tention bestowed upon the dressing and
tl.e decoration of the hair.
The festoon of pearls is always grace
ful, and often the quaintest Old World ef
fects are obtainable by looping the pearl*
?HTNGS MONEY CANNOT BUY-
ON tlie top of the Prince of Wales*
coronet is a Email tuft of feathers.
The wife cf a rich Manchester
cotton Epinncr endeavored to get
Feme similar. She was told that there
v.Tf nose on the market. This made her
the more anxious to procure them. "I
don't mind -pending £1$)," she said. The
I.iuir.e seller smiled. "They will cost you
the price of a cpecial expedition to New
Guinea." he observed. Her husband was
enormously wcathy and she Induced him
to authorize this.
Last June the plume hunters returned.
They had been away nearly a year-and
(¦pent over $4500. They reported that the
foriwah, the particular kind of bird of
paradise from which the plumes are
taken, is extinct.
It Is a part of the Mohammedan creed
to smash the noses of all idols they may
come across. When they invaded India
they defaced in this way every Hindoo
cod. A figure of Vishcu cut In green Jade
¦was burled in the bed of the Ganges dur
ing this invasion, ar.d is now preserved
la a tercple in Benares. It Is the only per-
feet image left of all the old idols, and its
sanctity Is such that the priests at Alla
habad have offered for 'it Its 1 weight in
gold, together with two magnificent
mbies. formerly the eyes of Buddha. But
they cannot buy it.
An English Earl, whose wealth is count
ed by hundreds of thousands, has a splen
did collection of Greek statuary. His
great ambition has been to possess a
Sarr.ian Apollo, of which two only were
known to be in existence. Last year he
had news from his agent that another had
been unearthed in a village near Athens.
The real value of such a statue is about
$0000. but Greek law strictly forbids • the
export to foreign countries of any an
tiques. The agent bought the statue from
its finder and then set to work to emuggle
it out of the country. He had his flnd re
moved to a little-known fishing: village on
the west coast of Greece and chartered a
eteam yacht to fetch it- But the Govern
ment officials got wind of his project and
the Apollo l» now In an Athens museum;
An enterprising Australian millionaire
named Leonard took a trio to Peru sonw
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
EMPEROR
FRANCIS
JOSEF12
THE S US DA Y OAtili.PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN -FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 6, 1901— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 37.
Mrs. Frank Bindsile, Wife, of the |Ste ward, a Bride and the Only Woman on Board the Wreeked Vessel, Describes Her Awful Night
of Horror Amid Scenes in Whieh for Many Hours She Was Threatened With Imminent Death— Bonfires of Distress Blaze
From the Wreeked Ship and These Are Answered by the Flaming Signals From the Anxious Crowds Watching on the Shore
Chief Engineer William Burrill, After a Desperate Struggle With the Waves, in a Lifeboat Twiee Upturned, Reaches
Bolinas Beaeh and Then Makes a Hazardous Night Journey Over the Mountain to San Rafael to Seek Aid.
One of His Companions, Reported to Be John Dolstrom, Loses His Life in Making the Attempted Rescue
CREW AND PASSENGERS OF THE STEAMER IAQUA
BATTLE TWELVE HOURS FOR THEIR LIVES AGAINST
THE RAGING WINDS AND WATERS ON DUXBURY REEF
DRAMATIC INCIDENTS WHICH MARKED THE WRECK 'OF THE IAQUA ON DUXBURY REEF
"When day broke I stood down toward
the stranded steamer and offered to take
all hands off. Captain Bash said ten of
the men wanted to go, so I sent a boat.
We had to 'make three trips. Four men
came aboard the • first , trip, four on tho
second and two on the x last. ; Before we
left Bollnas Steward Frank Bindslle and
his wife were takm ashore. I learned
that Mrs. Bindslle waa formerly a Miss
Floy Thomas, a Eureka girl, and has
only lately • been married. She was al
most crazy when the beach was reached
Captain George" Gibson of the Jessie
Matsen was an eyewitness of the disas
ter. : "We were lying at Bollnas. and
about 6 p. m. the Iaqua, came along." said
he yesterday. "I wondered what she was
doing so close to the point, and then waa
startled by one long whistle and then
three short ones. Then the whistle began
to toot, toot, and I knew there waa trou
ble. Then, I afterward learned, the cap
tain had blankets, bedding and inflam
mable material gathered together and
saturated with coal oil. This was set flra
to and the blaze could be seen for miles.
We made a fire on the beach to show
them we were on the lookout. About 9
p. m. Chief Engineer Burrill and a man
named John Llder came ashore in ose of
the ship's boats. They reported 'all hands
drowned,' and said that John Dolstrom
had been with them in the boat but had
been washed out and thrown against the
side of the ship. ,
the gasoline schooner Jessie Matso.i
came in from Bollnaa with ten of tho
crew of the doomed Iaqua. They were
First Assistant Engineer M. Gray; Second
Assistant Engineer John Hennig. Oilers
Joseph Simpson and Joseph Tlbbits,
Firemen Thomas Rlley, John Toole an/I
John Swanson. Cook Tavlor Thorson anti
Seaman Jack Sohlin. Besides these James
Logan, a passenger from Eureka, cama
back on the vessel. Every one of them
was soaked to the skin, and it waa a rush
for dry clothes as soon a* they set foot
on the wharf at the foot of Washington
street.
'Continued on Page 14*
He Describes His Night of Terror,
Battling With the Waves
for Life.
"We left the wharf , at San Francisco
about 4:30 o'clock. It was not blowing
very flard at the time. The bar was
breaking badly, when we went out, anil
the vessel took'the north. channel. A lit
tle later, it got, foggy. We passed the
steamer Eureka just outside, and just
this side- of the north head we passe!
the San Pedro. 'After, going into the
north channel it, became foggy, a driz
zling rain setting in. -
¦ "I do not know how the accident hap
pened. It was about 6:30 o'clock. We
were running about ; six knots an hour, I
should judge. . I had the vessel at half
speed, and then got the signal for three
quarter ; speed ; shortly i before ' she struck.
The '' chief officer ' was on the bridge, but
the captain was on deck. ."
"I 1 was just coming from the captains
room when \I> heard , ihe mate ;cry
'Breakers ahead!" ' and ¦" then . I ¦ jumped
for the .engine-room. No bell was struck
to' go' back, but I turned the- steam on
the reversing engine before any one had
time to -give'- an' order. : Th'V boat would
not ; move. She' was hard - and r fast on the
reef, but .straight up.
¦ /'Tha sea, was heavy,, but was not break-
Ing over the house.- Captain' Bash ordered
a boat launched, but the men did not seem
quick /enough to obey and I ; jumped in
with two sailors. , We got, the boat in. the
water.: I^had. the painter, and Bignaled to
let, go the stern line.' As this was done a
big ;wave came and' knocked ; all; three of
us [water.; I • let t go .the ; painter.
One of : the : men ¦ went - under '¦ and never
BURRILL TELLS
TRAGJC STORY
and one of the men was drowned. The
other two clung to the overturned boat
and reached the shore. One of them was
Chief Engineer W. Burrill. and he told
the following story of the disaster to the
United . States Inspectors of Hull3 and
Boilers yesterday:
The people of Bolinas had seen the fires
from the ship and they had . set a - great
pile of brush and lumber ablaze to tell
the wrecked people that aid would-be
given as soon as possible. The boniire on
the beach attracted everybody in the
neighborhood of U>« town and * ranchers
Groping in the darkness, passengers and
crew began a night of terror^ Not two
miles away waa the little town of Boli
nas, but there came no sign from it that
the signals of distress had been heard or
seen. Two Bailors, John Llder and John
Dolstrom. volunteered to make the des
perate journey to the shore and seek as
sistance. A lifeboat was lowered, but so
high ¦was the sea and fearful the tempest
that it was In Instant danger of being
crushed like a shell against the eide of the
Bhip. * V: •
Chief Engineer William Burrlll lowered
himself over the ship's side to help the
struggling men. The lifeboat was cut
adrift and not a hundred yards *from the
black hull of the Iaqua it capsized. When
it waa again righted only two men were
In It. John Dolstrom had disappeared,
and his body probably will never be found.
For three hours his companions battled
in the sea and when they reached shore
a remarkable scene had been in progress
for more than an hour.
Despairing that their signals of distress
would be seen or heard, the passengers
and crew of the Iaqua sought everything
which would burn on the vessel. Mat
tresses, linen, sheets, clothes, were gath
ered on the decks, saturated with coal oil
and fired. The flames shot high into. the
air and the anxious, eager, fearful beings
on board waited in an agony of suspense.
Presently there came an answering blaze
from the shore, and the wrecked crew and
passengers knew that their distress signal
had been seen. But they were to pass
many hours of dread before relief came.
from shore. The strong current and the
raging southeasterly gale had ended her
last voyage. Signal rockets were fired
and siren and whistles sent out their
hoarse messages of distress, but they
could not be heard above the thunderous
sounds of the elements.
Puxbury Reef, not a mile and a half
ONLY o^e life vr&a lost In the wreck
of the steamer Iaqua., the mag
nificent coasting vessel which,
driven by a fearful gale and car
ried Irresistibly by a raging cur
rent, crashed helplessly upon Duxbury
Reef and added one more to the roster
ol ehipa which have been lost on Cali
fornia's coast While the loss of life for
txniateJy waa email the story of Friday
rl^ht on the treacherous reef had few
parallels !n the history of marine disas
ter* In Its thrilling, tragic Interest:
Durinsr all the blackness of the night,
from the moment the vessel struck upon
the reef until day q^wned, twenty men
and or.« woman battled for their lives.
Around them the wind raged In terrifying
violence, tearing away parts of the super
structure and lifting heavy bundles of
shingles csxi hurling them through the
blackness like feather*. Incessantly the
ehip ground and pounded upon the rock*
and a terror-inspiring tremor passed
through her as If the next moment she
would gt> to pieces end seed her human
freight to death.
Accompanying* the death roar of the
elements was the crash and smashing of
every portable thing upon the vessel. In
tremendous volume the waves dashed
over the deck, carrying In their resistless
sweep missiles which meant imminent
death to the drenched, terrified beings
who clutched desperately to any support
which might mean a chance against death
in Its most terrifying form.
The etorm was racing when the vessel,
only four months In commission, left this
harbor Friday afternoon for San Pedro.
The captain felt confident of himself and
his ship, however, and determined • to go
to sea. Besides himself be had on board
twenty-two men and a woman, a bride
who was making her first Journey with
her husband, the steward. The northern
passage was taken and then darkness fell.
The wind was blowing a gale and the
ship, stanch as she was, tossed In the sea.
Suddenly, without warning and without
premonition of Chaster, the lookout
shouted, "Breakers ahead," but it was
too late. The Iaqua was fast upon the
. . Story of Weird Signal Fires
¦ *'.'% of Distress.
: Burrlll came over from San Rafael
earl7 yesterday morning, and about noon
Captain Gibson Relates .a Graphic
RESCUE BY TKE[
JESSIE MATSEN
¦•'Bedding, pillows and a gangplank were
washed ashore before I left, which .was £»
soon as possible, as I wanted to telephone
the owners. Mr. Hays drove me to San
Rafael and i got In there a. little after
midnight. As we drove over the ridge wo
could " see the vessel's - lights. She waa
lying quartering on the reef."
"We drifted along for I don't know how
long. Both of us, Lider and myself, were
badly r battered up. When we struck the
beach we were about a mile above
Bolinas, midway between a high head and
the town. The sailor did not want to get
out at first. Hey was afraid he would, be
killed. The sailor was -afraid he was go
ing to die, so I left him and walked Ino
Bollnas for help. I walked him about 200
yards up the beach before leaving him. I
'hollered* loudly as I went along. I wai
nearly, used up, but kept going, and fin
ally came to a house. They, took . me in
and then went and brought my partner.
People went out on the ' beach with lan
terns. . - .' '..'..
came up. I crawled back into the boat
and the other sailor did the same. She
was washed away from the ship, and all
but one of the oars went over. I picked
one up, but it was of no use, as I had to
use one to steer with. A heavy sea was
running, and it was dark and misting. As
it swept us from the ship I saw the cap
tain send up the surf signal.
• "When we were on top of the waves we
could see the lights at the masthead and
the electric lights on board. Then we
would be out of sight, as the boat dropped
into the trough. The captain had given
orders before I left to launch the life raft,
but we could not " see whether this was
done or not. It was not many minutes —
not more than twenty— after she struck
that I was in the boat with the sailors.
An hour' later.; the ; Iaqua was ; hard; and
fast'on'Duxbury "reef.'-and the engineers
and ffremeh had ? "toj clamber. on ; deck to
escape, the '; lnrushing,' water." The -boats
were ordered ; cleared away , and i three men
got into .one of them. . The boat capsized
' "We passed the Iaqua in Bonlta channel
about one mile west by north of A Point
Bonita light. It was low water and there
was no current. * When close to buoy No.
3 the Iaqua ! blew ' one whistle and I an
swered, it. We passed each other: within
a distance of v about! 100 yards. As\he
passed Captain Bash whistled ' 'good-by.'
This was .'• at G:35 ; p. m. • Ordinarily *a
steamer- would run-along-, for- about-an
other mile' and a half and' would" then
change her • course to west-southwest.'
What Captain Bash did, ''of course, I don't
know. There waa , a . very ugly ; sea run
ning' but ¦ no fog, and <•/ 1 could ' see the
shore line.; L?ter 'it 'began to get thick
and a drizzling rain began to fall." v ..'v
The Iaqua left Eureka op. Thursday
morning and passed out over the bar in
company with the Eureka at 1 o'clock. The
Iaqua made a quick run to San Francisco,
where she landed her' passengers at 3:53
p. m. Captain Bash was in a hurry. to get
away, in order to make a good offing be
fore dark.'so he sailed promptly at 4:30,
leaving J. Loertcher.P. P. Fisher and E.
M. Mattison, men who. had secured pass
age . on '.the Iaqua, behind him. These
three are now thanking their lucky stars.
Passing out through the north channel
Captain Bash and the Iaqua met the Eu
reka and Captain Jessen passing In. As
the Iaqua, had given the Eureka a bad
beating on " the run down the coast Cap
tain Bash .waved his hat to Captain Jes
sen and gave three "toots" on his whistle,
wishing the Eureka good-by. It is. inter
esting that "Iaqua" is an Indian word,
meaning "How do you "do?"
In speaking about the matter yesterday
Captain Jessen said:
-he finest vessels of her class afloat. She
cost $95,000 to build and was "A 12-knot
boat." She has been running between
Eureka, San Francisco and San Pedro
since she went into commission and has
been very popular.
In this <; way I^uxbury Reef has added
another disaster to the, many that have
occurred on that treacherous point. From
Tennessee Cove to where ."• the steam
schooner laijua went on the rocks last
Friday, night. the beach Is strewn with rev
mains of vessels that came to an untimely
end. Some* of them were driven ashore
like ,the ship Tennessee that waa ' driven
into the cove named after her. but the
great majority came to their end on the
reef. Rarely has a vessel got off Dux
bury. The last one to go on and get off
was the steam schooner Noyo. She came
in ¦'waterlogged and ' It cost ; half the ; value
of the vessel to repair, tier.
. The steam schooner . Iaqua was one of
Crashed on the Treacherous
Bocks.
How the Iaqua, Driven by the Storm,
DUXBURY REEF
A DEATH COVE
As soon as Chief Engineer Burrlll
reached the beach he discovered that the
people of Bolinas could do nothing-. They
had no facilities with which to give aid
themselves and the telephone wires were
down between Bollnas and San. Rafael.
Exhausted, drenched and nearly dead
from his struggle in the waves, Burrlll
insisted upon making the terrible journey
over the mountain to give the alarm and
ask assistance at San Rafael. A team
was secured, andVith John Hays, BurriU
made the trip. But no relief could come
from San Franci.*co until yesterday
morning, when tugs were sent to the
rescue. In the meantime Steward Blnd
sllo and his bride, with three other men,
got away In a email boat, Mrs. Blndsile
being dragged through a window of the
ship into* the boat. The gasoline boat
Jessie Matsen secured several more and
the tug^j completed the rescue.
and farmers, in teams, carts and wagons,
flocked to the scene. By this time the
beach was strewn with the cargo of the
Iaqua. The vessel carried 800,000 feet of
lumber, and poachers were eager to get
it, scrambling even into the surf to carry
it away.
Pages 13 to 22
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.in the Appraiser's stores building an-1
waa Instantly killed. The police assert
that the man killed himself deliberately.
A letter 'which was found on Lansings
desk was sent to the Coroner.
Foster Elected President.
NTTW YORK, Jan. 5.— General John 'Tv*.
Foster haa been elected president of th»
American Bible Society by the board of
managers of that organization, to> suc
ceed the late- Enoch L. Fancher, deceased.
plaza, being an attack on class legislation
and imperialism, and In the evening he
delivered his set lecture on "The Ancient
Landmarks." ~VY
Falls From a "Window.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5.— Ralph S. Lansing.
30 years old, assistant of William J. Gib
son, counsel to the Government in the
United States Appraiser's store,, jumped
or fell to-day from a ninth-story window
Co., while out hunting with the hounds
to-day was thrown from his horse and
dragged a distance. His face was badly
cut. ¦
Ovation to Bryan.
SHERMAN, Tex., Jan. 5.— William J.
Bryan was met by a brass band . thin
afternoon and his passage through the
city partook of an ovation; the streets
being thronged with people. He made two
addresses, one in the afternoon, on. the
Governor ' of Natal.
8T. JOHNS, N. F., Jan. 5.— Governor
McCallum of . Newfoundland ; has been . ap
pointed to succeed , Sir Francis
Hely-Hutchinson as Governor, of Natal
and Zululancl. -'*¦ :-'.: -¦''... ¦'-.•,
Lord ; Ravelstoke Injured.
LONDON, Jan. V 6.— Lord c- Ravelstofce
{John' Baring), ; a director of the Bank of
England and a partner In Barinr Broe, &
WANT MOBE BELIOION
TAUGHT IN SCHOOLS
Conference of - Anglicans,- Catholics
and Presbyterians Is" Discuss
ing the Matter in Manitoba. '
WINNIPEG. Manitoba. Jan. 5.— High
representatives of the Anglican, Catholic
and Presbyterian churches have been con
siderlng representations that there is not
sufficient religious teaching in the . pub
lic schools. About ten years ago the pro
vincial school act was changed/making
the schools secular and allowing only cer
tain portions of the 8ciiptures to be rea3
and this at the option ef school boards
There is a growing feeling among tha
heads, of the leading churches that reli
gious exercises have been too much cur
tailed and neglected. The Catholics and
many of the Anglicans and Presbyterians
are very pronounced.
It was the Green way government which
carried through the piesent school act
while the present Promier, Mr. Roblin'
was strongly opposed to it. , Any attempt*
however, to introduce changes will me»t
with tremendous opposition In* all oarf*
of th« province. . . .^l
Stevedores' Strike Is Off.
HAVANA, Jan. 5.— The strike of steve
dores and sugar handlers haa been de«
clared off, an amicable- settlement havlnr
been hastened: by the' presence, of 'cav
alry. " • - ¦ • ¦ - .
Declare a Big Dividend.
HAMBURG, Jan. 5.— The directors of
the Hamburg-American Steamship Com
pany, at a meeting to-day, declared a div
idend of 10 per cent.
MARSEILLES, Jan. 5.— Archbishop Fa
vier, the head of the. French mission in
North China and Vicar apostolic of Pe
king, arrived here to-day from the Chi
nese capital after a short visit to -Rome,
where he discussed with the Pope the sit
uation in China. In an interview regard
ing the conversation had with the 1'opb
on December 3 by a correspondent of the
Matin, in the course of which his Holiness
made a highly important statement of the
Vatican's policy toward the French Gov
ernment apropos of the intention of the
Waldeck-Rousseau Ministry to introduce
a bill agalnBt the religious orders and
also in relation to the letter from the
Pope to Cardinal Richard, Archbishop of
Paris, dealing with the proposed' bill,
Archbishop Favler said: .•••
"I can affirm that Pope Leo XIII Is a
mirably disposed toward France and has
not the slightest intention of resorting to
the severe measures which have beerf
mooted, and there Is no question, of- a
diplomatic rupture. •* His Holiness said to
me. *I love France with all my soul.' " •
Mons. Favier said .that the Pope
would never withdraw 'his protectorate
over the Christians in China from France,
and, that -any effort of Germany to this
end would remain fruitless.
•he Archbishop is'an optimist regard
ing the Chinese situation, and expresses
a conviction that a settlement of the dif
ficulties -will shortly be reached.' He pro
ceeded to Parts, where he will confer with
M. Delcasse,. the Minister of Foreign Af
fairs. • " :
Policy of Vatican Friendly
Toward Government of^
the Republic
POPE LEO SAYS
"I LOVE FRANCE"
EEIRA, Portuguese. East Africa. June
5.— On the arrival cf the German steamer
Hertzog at Eeira with 136 Abysssinians
and SomoMIs for the Rhodesian mines,
the "boys," as they are called, were In
formed by the firemen that they would
be compelled to work in chains. There
upon they refused to go ashore.
Portuguese police and troops were sum
moned and a big fljrht ensuett. the "boys"
Hen. Bef use to Leave the Steamer on
Being Told They Must Work
in Chains.
POBTTJGUESE POLICE
BATTLE WITH SOMOLL1S
Bride of the Steward Kept Dread
Hours of Watch With Her
Husband.
When asked how she felt when the ship
struck Mrs. Bindslle said:
"I didn't have time to think. The shock
was so awful that 'I thought instant death
was rear. The ship shook all over. The
table at which we were eating was swept
of everything. Dishes rolled and fell all
about us. Everything that could be torn
loose in the cabin rolled about the floor.
"All the time the roar of the ocean and
the pcunding- of the ship upon the rocks
rang in our ears. Great waves broke over
her and swept the cargo away. When the
first boat went away and we saw it soon
turn over we thought its whole crew
was drowned. On the beach a great lire
blazed, and we could see the people feed-
Ing it. They could not help us, but their
fire and presence told us that our peril
would soon be known to the world 1
cannot understand why help did not come
J2 \, ?* ?. burned signal firea made of
the ship s linen saturated with oil, but it
brought no rescue. I would have died had
it not been for my husband. He put on
a bold front and told me that we would
HSnf"' 6 !?* P n sn ,° r . e we found kInd and
willing hands to help us."
-^9l a rx * l80n tells a graphic story of the
scene when the Ehlo struck. Nelson
snipped on the steamer when she came
Into San Francisco. It was his first voy
age for many months. Nelson seemed
none the worse for his experience and as
he leaned against the raft of the Jessie
Matsen talked about tne wreck as though
it were an every-day occurrence. Sea
man s luck is the way he puts it.
. " I . wa « lying in my bunk smoking," said
ne. when the first warning of the disas
ter that was to overtake us occurred. I
had Just come off watch and remarked to
the chief mate as he relieved me that I
thought we must be somewhere near Dux
bury—near enough to be careful. I hava
been up and down this coast many times
but that night was the worst I ever re
member having experienced. A heavy sea
was running and the gale and the heavy
current that seta about the reef were re
sponsible for our loss. Xo blame can at
tach to any one, in my opinion. I think
that it was beyond human power to save
the ship. Of one thing 1 am nearly cer
tain. She will leave her bones on the reef.
There Is <jnly one thing that prevented
her from going to pieces when she struck
She is a new ship. Had Bhe been an old
one I do not doubt that we should all have
been lost with her.
"My first intimation that anything out
of the way was happening came in the
form of a heavy shock. I thought It wa.5
a wave which had struck the deck ani
took no further notice of it till a sec
ond heavy blow, which seemed to wrench
every timber in the vessel, caused me
to spring to the floor of my cabin. I had
h ,}V touch «- d the floor when a long,
gr.ndlng shock, accompanied by a fear
ful groaning and wrenching of the shin's
beams told me better than any words
could have done what was the matter.
As I opened my cabin door and etood oa
the deck the scene was a wild one. The
night was thick as pitch and the wind
blowing great guns. Some one was pull
ing the whistle cord and the shriek of
the Kiren added to the welrdness of the
situation. Everybody was running about
wildly and shouting all kinds of order"
Captain Bash and the first mate seemed
the only ones with their wits about them
Lvery now and then a great white-headed
comber would break over the stranded
hulk and then It wes a case of clintr
to what came handy to avoid being car
ried overboard. The shl:> all this time
kept a bump! bump.! oump! on the re*f
like a bucking horse, and it seemed a 8 If
she must go to pieces eveYy moment
"An attempt was made to launch a raft,
but it was swept away before any one
could get on it. Then the boat was
g:ot off. but instantly capsized, one of Its
three occupants being drowned.
"All this time some of the men were
burning extemporized 'flares.' They had
taken blankets and mattresses, and hav
ing poured kerosene on them set them on
fire, the glare enveloping the ship and
our drear surroundings in a weird illumi
nation. In this way the night passed.
W hen morning came, and with it the turn
of the tide, the storm subsided, and we
put off to the Metson, which brought us
to San Francisco."
Joseph Tibbetts. one of the oilers, is the
son of Captain Tibbetts of Eureka, presi
dent of the shlnsle company that controls
the laqua.
When the Sea King left the scene about
2:S0 p. m. the Monarch was standing by
the wreck and Captain Bash. First Officer
Durbach and one seaman were still
aboard the wreck and refused to abandon
her. An hour later, however, the laqua
began to show Plgns of breaking up. and
then the trio agreed to board the Mon
arch ajid leave the steamer to her fa to
Mate Durbach was in charge of the
ship when she- went on th* reef, but Cap
tain Bash wns on deck, although not on
the bridge. Both captain and mate re
fused to make a statement any further
than to say that the force of the wind and
tide had been miscalculated and that the
inset had carried the laqua down on Dux
bury.
Captain Bash was formerly master of
the steamer North Fork, and is known
from one end of the coast to the other
as a careful and skillful navigator. Chief
Engineer Burrill was for years on the
Humboldt bar tug Ranper. and has a host
of friends In Eureka. Mate Durbach has
been for yearn on the coast, and is a care
ful man. and is at a loss to know how
the laqua came to land where she did.
Nothing but an official Investigation will
lay the blame where It belongs.
The abandoned Ianua was built for the
Humboldt Shingle Company by H. Ben
dlxsen last year, and has only been In
commission four months. She was 187 feet
long, thirty-six feet beam, fourteen feet
deep and had a capacity of 800,000 feet of
lumber. She was fitted with triple ex
pansion engines and made better' than
twelve knots on her trial. - She had ¦ ac
commodation for fifteen cabin and eight
steerage passengers. . ,
It was the custom for the'' laqua to book
passengers at Eureka for San Francisco
She would call in here. land, her passen
gers at Powell-street wharf and then pro
ceed to San Pedro. On the -return trip
she would brinf passengers from San
Pedro to San Francisco, and on landing
them here would • proceed to Eureka Xor
another load ot shingles or lumbec. ',
and it will be several days before'she can
be moved from the hotel.
"The laqua is bumpiny heavily and the
mountainous rollers are making clean
breaches over her. She has a slight list
to port, but 1 think by this time the
jagged rocks have torn the bottom out
of her."
At 3 p. m. the tug Sea King arrived
from the sc«ne of the wreck with the fol
io-wing members of the crew: Second
ilate Olaf Xelson, Seamen Victor Hender
son. Edward Taulson, S. Larsen and
Henry Bleuss.
MRS. BINDSILB'S
NIGHT OF FEAR
Continued From Page 13.
PASSENGERS ADD CREW OF IAQUA
BATTLE HOURS FOR THEIR LIVES
LONDON, Jan. 5.-The Brltfsh Admi
ralty has decided to build two battleships
which are intended to be the largest in
the world. The distinction of having the
largest warships has hitherto been hold
by Italy, with the Lepanto and her sister
ship, the Italiana. Great Britain's two
projected large warships, to be respect
ively named the Queen and the Prince of
Wales, will be 2000 tons heavier than the
Italian ships -mentioned, each having the
displacement of 18,000 tons, which ia 3500
heavier than America's biggest armor
dad \ easel. These tremendous British
vessels will carry nothing larger than 12
inch guns. Their batteries v.-lll chiefly
be composed or these guns and 7.5-iuch
and c-inch guns. The determination'to
increase the bulk of the battleships waa
only ur rived at after much discussion, for
Since the days of the Koyal fcoverenjn, of
f; .. tons> tne Admiralty haa been in
clined to lavor battleships of smaller dis
placement, of which the Canopus, of
J2.SW; tons, is the best type. In the mean
while Russia, France, the United States
ana Japan have all been increasing their
displacements, until Great Britain nas ai
most been left behind. Now she steps in,
taking the lead with the Queen and the
iTince ot Wales, to say nothing of the
,London and the Formidable, both of
lo.OW tons, now nearing completion.
The Admiralty apparently nas as great
conhdence in George W. SVatson as Sir
inomas Llpton, for it has called on the
yacht designer to give advice in regard
to the new royal yacht, now better known
as the "royal naval farce."
Though the entire force of draughts
men at the the Portsmouth Dock Yard
has been persistently working in the en
deavor to patch up this unlucky boat, the
authorities have boen unable to effect
anything. It is hoped Watson will be able
to save the enormous amount of money
expended on her, though it is not thought
the Queen will ever trust herself on board
the beat.
Denny Brothers are increasing tho pre
cautions to prevent anything leaking out
regarding the construction of the Sham
rock II. rso great progress appears to
have been made so far, though a dredger
is engaged in clearing a channel outside
the yard twenty-two by six feet.
There is much Interest in yachting cir
cles over L. C. Currie's challenge for the
Seawanhaka cup. He is as determined as
Mr Thomas Llpton to leave no stone un
turned which could aid his success He
is building no less than three boats— one
at Harley & Mead's, Cowes, and tho oth
ers at Stevens' yard at Southampton. A
fourth boat may be built, so that by next
July Mr. Currie hopes to have the very
best talent England can produce for the
contest.
The latest grievance of English trade
against America consists in the Govern
ment purchasing nour in the United States
for South Africa, A writer in the.Morn
ing Post declares this action ia a fit sub
ject for an inquiry and that it constitutes
a most unfair handicap for English mill
ers, "while the Americans, who pay no
taxes, are able to dispose of inferior
grades." . ¦¦
It appears that large quantities are be
ing purchased In America on account of
the standard brands and shipment being
better and ready at the dock. The cham
pions of the English millers maintain that
the Government is wrong in believing the
American article has these advantages
averring that the English mills are now
fitted with machinery superior to that in
uee In America, and that they are quite
able to supply the demands for South Af
rica. The protest, however, is not likely
to deter the Government from patronizing
this branch of American industry.
Another example of American aggres
sion calls for their protest. It appears
that a wealthy American is negotiating
to buy the famous Carshalton (or Case
liorton) gates, in the old Surrey village of
that name, ten miles from London. Thev
are all that remains of the place where
the doomsday book was compiled. They
stretch 120 feet, were designed by Leorit
and are supposed to be the finest speci
mens in the world. The ironwork is at
tached to massive stone piers surmounted
by groups of statuary. If the negotiations
are successful they will be taken to Amer
ica, though metropolitan art critics are
getting up a fund in an endeavor, by out
bidding, to retain them in England.
The report is again current that if Ladv
Curzon's health, which sty much worries
the Viceroy of India, fails 'to improve he
Intends to return to England this year.
In an answer to inquiries the officials of
the India Office say they have not heard
anything tending to confirm the reports.
Baroness de Roaues is or.ee hnore ac
tively agitating in behalf of her daugh
ter. Mrs. Florence Maybrick. She had
two interviews with United States Em
baesador Choate this week, and received
little but a polite assurance that the Cas»
would be presented to the new Home Sec
retary, G. T. RItchey, when an opportu
nity arose. The Baroness is mucn dis
turbed about the health of the famous
prisoner, but she is confident that the
new evidence and the renewed efforts of
their friends in America will have the de
sired effect. '¦•-..:.. • .....
Lord William Bere3fcrd has been dead a
week, but glowing tributes to his memorv
still continue to appear. Ills bravery and
sportsmanship keenly appealed to the
English people. Few of the numerous re
cent deaths of public men have been so
deeply felt. At a memorial 'service on
Friday many distinguished people gath
ered to pay a last tribute to Lord Beres-
£ ord V £ he pri " c ? of Wales, the Duke of
Cambridge and Lord Roberts were spe
cially, represented, while Lord Lansdown,
and other prominent persona personally
attended. At the time of Lord Beresford's
death the Relft brothers were under en
gagement'to ride, for him and for Mr
Whitney next season at a salary of £2500
each. --•
Admiralty Plans Con
struction of Monster
Vessels.
British Merchants Protest
Against Purchase: of
American Flour.
ENGLAND WILL
OWN LARGEST
BATTLESHIPS
BERLIN. Jan. 5.— The prees was oc
cupied this week with political and busi
ness reviews of IMS, threshing over old
political straw and forecasting the work
©X the R*ichstag and Diet, which will
reassemble Tuesday. The Ditt's session
trill take place earlier than expected, so
«£ to allow sin ample discussion of the
cf.jia.1 till which will be introduced next
week. The bill's prospects are by no
nears bright. Besides warning the Con
s>erva.tiv« press that the Government Is
enly jweparing: for another defeat the
Cologne Volks Zeitur^, the leading Cen
trist organ, also printed an article tills
week wjiieh attracted wide attention, ad
zSKXing that the ca:.-l bill is as hopeless
as ever. The paper In Question points out
that tie Government's policy upon the de
feat of the former canal bill undoubtedly
ruined the chances of the present meas
ure, which nobody can sa.ve. It mentions
the weak, undecided policy of the Gov
enunejit in retiring tlie officials who voted
against the bill and in promoting them
afterward to better positions. The dis
cussion of the measure will begin at an
early day.
It :e already announced that the Min
iitry will make «¦ hara fight to secure the
bill's passage. The debate will be par
ticularly iBte;-estirur sine* it will be the
first occasion requiting the new imperial
Chancellor. Count vor. Bulow, to show his
hand in domestic politics. Deep interest
is felt regarding his Srst bout with the
A,.-.- .•¦...:-. In the meanwhile Von Bulow
continues mute. "On all domestic ques
tions," the Voesich* Zoituns (.Independent
Liberal) says, "Yon Bulow smilingly as
pures us that nobody really knows him,
fcr Vo:i Bulow is an unwritten page
therein." i
la the Reichstag: the work of the re
maining session is not expected to be Im
portant. After disposing of the China bill
the budpet will corne up, but it is now
generally admitted that tariff revision
will be postponed io the autumn session,
la the mtii-nwhne the Berliner Tageblatt
(Liberal and Free Trade) reasserts, upon
inquiries in cSlclal circles, that the Gov
ernment has already decided to raise the
grain dutie* to at least flfty marks per
ton and aiso to introduce maximum and
minimum duties on grain. It further aB
6erts that the Government is resolved to
make new commercial treaties after the
expiration of the present ones.
The trees has given much space thl»
wetk to the discussion of the project to
make a separate prefecture of Berlin,
the liberal papers en the proposition
seehig therein the intention of the Gov
ercaeEt to more sharply oontrol Berlin's
local affairs. The semi-official papers, on
the ether hand, assert that the proposi
tion Is based on the Idea, of providing
better local adxulnibtration.
Veriou* cases la which physicians have
exceeded humane bounds In the experi
ments on patients having attracted at
tention during the last lew years, the
Prussian Ministry of Pubbic Worship and
Education has now Issued a decree re
straining the owners of clinics, etc, from
following such practices.
The United Service Magazine's article
suggesting that Great Britain exchange
the isliind cf Cyprus for German East
Africa is widely discussed this winter.
The proposition finds absolutely no sup
pert in the German press. The Cologne
Voiks Zeitmg especially emphasizes that
Germany's possession of Cyprus would
give the lie to her protestations of hav
ing purely commercial Interests in Asia
Minor.
The Berlin papers discuss in a llv«ly
manner this week methods for preventing
iatai accident* on street railways, and
much attention has been given to the
American devices In this connection. The
pai.ers are printing illustrations of the
various American car fenders, for which
a German word does not even exist.
The German Society for Social Reform
•will be organized to-morrow evening in
Berlin, many members of the Reichstag,
manufacturers, merchants, officials, cler
gymen, EchoJars, writers and representa
tives of various labor organizations and
charitable associations participating. The
EOdety will be the German branch of the
International Association for the Protec
tion cf Labor, organized in Paris during
the summer of 1900.
The trade returns of the Baltic and
North Sea canal for 1>X) show a big
increase, and it is considered certain that
the receipts will soon clear the expenses.
Emperor "William has prepared a memo
rial tablet In memory cf the German sol
ders killed in China for presentation to
their relatives. It Is adorned with scrip
tural texts.
The January concerts of Berlin Ehow
the International character of this city
as a musical center. The performers
comprise four French artists, two Rus
elans, two Poles, one Finn, one Rouma
nian, one Hungarian, one Bosnian, four
Italians, two Scandinavians, four Dutch
cce English and threo Americana. The
latter are L.. Godowsky. Kptelle "Wilba
and Enndnxan. Godowsky will on Janu
ary 16 p'.ay four of his own compositions.
The intensely cold weather has caused
the suspension of all building. The Ice
harvest is g-oine on and traffic on the Elba
and Trave canal Is suspended.
Reichstag Will Probably
Postpone Tariff
Bill.
LITTLE HOPE
FOR GERMAN
CANAL BILL
Government's Past Policy
Has Ruined Its
Chances.
barricading the fore deck. Victory rested
with the police after an hour's fighting.
One Somolli was killed and thirty-six
¦were wounded. Nine of the police force
were wounded.
Subsequently it was found that there
were only fifty "boys" on 'the steamer,
the remainder, having: Jumped, overboard.
STUDENTS TO MARCH
IN INAUGURAL PARADE
Assurances Received That Delega
tions Will Be Present From
Forty-Three Universities.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5.— It is proposed
that one of the most conspicuous features
of the forthcoming inaugural parade shall
be a Bectlon composed of college men from
all the leading universities of the United
States. Arrangements are making to se
cure the attendance of a very large con
tingent of these men and assurances have
been received at inaugural headquarters
indicating the presence in the parade of
delegates of from 50 to 200 men each from
forty-three educational institutions. It is
proposed that each body of students shall
wear the distinctive colors or insignia of
the college or university it represents.
BY CABLE TO THE CALL.
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 6,' 1901.
14
175 ; first-class ' to New ..York! via ' Pan-
BJna- '. Three weeks a through the tropics.
5Clck«ts 830 Market Btrett. ¦ ,^ »
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I TO \i\/E/\IC 7V1EN!
I Do You, Want to Be Strong? #v
I To feel as vigorous as you were before you wasted your sm>nrth? " __, d'&.^lh t >-^
} To enjoy life ag^ain? To. get up in the morning refreshed by sl^n and v-^" \ W U^ ') 1*22^1
| "not' more tired than when you. went to bed? To hav* no weaknl^n I &) H -^ f fcsSS^:
j the back or "come and go"- pain*? No Indigestion or Constlpaiion^ ¦ Tn 'A k." A
jknovr^ that your strength is not slipping awayf-To once more h -ive / i^f""^^^^^ iT^^ P
I bright eyes, healthy color in yput cheeks and be confident that who? " tT "^7* /
J a^Zn^mo^ <0 y ° U? In »; do >™ wa'i X ' ' L<^ •
I dr. Mclaughlins electric belt. '^^jG^^P^JisL
i ' Tliore ia nothing so penetratinar. nothlni? so InviEroraMntr nM vin. /*5S^^^^-
V'"f iTl "»' 1<lwer ,I> r » T """"«Tlt. With his Electr"c St hf S5" cured W^&PfF^^^SSKSSS?/
10.000 ncak men (lurine the last five i-ar^-mt-n who ?-d h/cn iroublld v|H(P?S.'-."V-\''?35!5«ESf/
! f^^;^?»a^^|^?S^ 1^ i
! DON'T BE A WEAK MAN. YOU WERE INTENDED TO BE STRONG, AND YOU CAN BE
! : nervJi°wl C th n th?^ 'tawM have more confidence in yourself. Steei your.
\ DR. M.C. McLAOGKLIN, 7 m?^J^> <
i Nt&_ Compiled by the Greatest Living Authority
SLcrk favored sections- : •• ' Catarrh of stomach.
§119 of 2O deaths from catarrfi. fRW|\ cS'Srrh of bowels,
i^^iPnf nl'i'linl rllcoocoo r»r»/»t?r»t1 \ffi%yffivz%frs>L^' 4A. *-ia Ccltarril Ol KlunCyS,
|>H| 19 of 40 dcntlis from catarrh, er ca^ arr^* prevails most north. v^^^^Fe male catarrh^ '
of 1 0 deaths trom catarrh. ;^6& The Cause of Most Bodily Ills Is Catarrh. *^
MOST WINTER ILLS: COUGHS', GOLDS AND LA GRIPPE'/ARE TYPES OF CATARRH.
The above map has been carefully com-
piled from United States documents by
The Peruna Medicine Company, of Co-
lumbus, Ohio. The figures were taken
from the mortal statistics published by
the government and entirely agree with
the archives kept at The Hartman Sani-
tarium. • ...
The map is made in four shades'..- The
lightest shade shows the states .which
have tho lowest per cent of deaths due
to catarrhal diseases. . In these states
very close to 42 per cent of all deaths in
3SJX) were due to catarrhal diseases. That
is to say, over foilf out of. every ten
deaths were from catarrhal affections'.
In the states of next darker shade the
per cent varies from 42 to 45. In the next
darker shade 45 to 4S per cent of the whole
number of deaths resulted from ca-
tarrhal diseases. In the darkest shade
we have indicated the states in which
over 50 per cent, or one-half or more, of
all the deaths were directly traceable to
catarrh as the cause.
This is an appalling state of affairs.
This nation has got io confront the
fact- that catarrh has become a
national curse. Catarrhal diseases
threaten the life of our people. Over
one-half of the people suffer' from
some- form or degrae. of catarrh.
Fully thirty-fivs million people ars
personally interacted in th^discovery
of a radical catarrh curs. ''
Hon. Dan A. Grosvenor, of the well-
known Ohio family, in a letter written
from Washington,
j^CpttiBfr^V "Allow me to ex-
m&1 W press my gratitude
fiSSf ji» r X\ to you for tho bene-
Y«*2 _«!^?«¥l* s tl1 derived from one
¦ B> bottle of Peruna.
¦ 3^?m^^^Tb\i& On'e week has
•^^Fv^/ri^VVi. brought wonderful
i^S^^iffi^we^. chan 6etJ and I am
sf*&&£$i&Wj£x now as wel1 as ever.
-tvJs I?f ' s5des being oik;
Dan A. Grosvenor, f, ar , r ,^ r , emC( £ y -"—
of Ohio. - 1 A - Gros-
venor.
Attorney Simeon Armstrong, Suite 026,
Reaper Block, Chicago, 111., writes in re-
gard to Peruna: VI was afflicted with
catarrh for seven years. I tried many
remedies without any profit. My catarrh
was located mainly In the head. I ap-
plied to several doctors but they were not
able to care me.
"I learned • of the medicine. Peruna,
through a medical pamphlet.. I can
warmly praise Peruna as a certain rem-
edy. It has been three years since 1 was
cured, and I conrlder my cure lasting.
"I crave to express. : for the benefit of
the public, my experience with the re-
nowned catarrh medicine. Peruna. I
took It for seventeen weeks and am now
completely cured. It cures when all
others fall."— Simeon Armstrong.
Hon. W. . V. Sullivan, Unitod States Sen-
ator from Mississippi, in a letter recently
written to' Dr. Haetman, says the follow-
- , , . ' - . ¦ ing of Peruna as a
¦ dff—r-i ' " catarrh remedy:
jteSitSfoJ***^ "For some time I
'BBS • \ have been a sufferer
ggft from catarrh in it?
Sjf' /*=*» g»A incipient stage, so
gw ¦ <<»j n> mush so that I bc-
V\ \ v y»'x.\ ¦ came alarmed as to
fetmJ m y 8 e neral health.
/ j" . But, hearing of Pe-
s'/z/yji^ /*¦ runa as a cood rem-
' ///Ja^ '^^J^. • edy * save it a fair
/ywjjV^ trial and soon befjan
j&Zt&k. i lo improve. its ef-
fects were distincly
lVf^Af'4^ beneficial, removing
¦ »"ir 'r the annoying symp-
Hon.W.V. Sullivan. i?iJJfi I .,* n i n w ? 3 par "
U. S. Senator. tinle
"I take pleasure in recommending
your great national catarrh cure, Peruna.
as the best I have ever tried."— W. V.
Sullivan. ... >£
Catarrh is a systemic disease ; of cli-
matic and nervous origin. With Peruna
the nerves become strong and the mu-
cous membranes are consequently
strengthened, thus protecting the person
from the bad effects of a changeable cli-
mate. This Is why eome people do not
have catarrh. ¦ .
Hon.: J. Courtney Hlxson. ex-United
- States Consul at
/0BJ£k!*~^%s3l Foo Chow, ChlnR ,
XB^" , of Washington, D.
- «g C, says the follow-
fm ing of Peruna: "I
Ju 4^^ £S J° ln with my dis-
;uS *&* 15* d tingulshed friend,
\\v\ ' / \ / General Wheeler,
flrKll -rfl&an. ' °'- m y State, In
i\\vw>$SSSl^ reco ni m e n d I n g
r\\V^3fc $*%£&& ' \ your Preparation,
\ \\- tfiBvSOTVTV Peruna. Friends
* A^&^A wh0 nave used Jt
r^f \§^rl/daak. recommend it as
t*£&L~2^ bj&mXfcb*. an excellent tonic
a n d particularly
Vr^^mmW B° od as a catarrh
/ / ««S25'^ cure." — J. Court-
Hon. J. C. Hlxson. n^ y ftt , H i? s^- no .^ ftn
Ponwiii tn r"hino Hon. H. W. Ogden,
Consul to China. Congressman from
Louisiana. In a letter written at Wash-
ington, D. C, says the following of
Peruna, the na-
tional catarrh rem-
edy: "I can con- ' teX^^aSK.
Fcientiously rccom- ' ~ «*i i
mend your .Peruna 5|§
a.-* a fine tonic and St 'SS?' \?*
ail round good . tct
medicine to those 1&\ ."•-? »
who are In need of VMmA t fes •
a catarrh remedy. W/gSa ffii.
It has been com- «'%'«""* J tcBfe
mended to me by I llpr /* ft&§t>
people who have ,-r«flr jA ftiffiW'
u?pd it. a.» a rem- «!6zra'JRl5raB^«#*£
edy particularly ef-
fective in the cure v*'*
of catarrh. For Congressman Ogden
those who need a of Louisiana.
Kood catarrh merflcine I know of nothing
better."— H. W. Osden.
Mr. J. Orpe, corner Twenty-seventh
and Market streets, Galveston, Texas,
writes: VI was afflicted with a case of
chronic ' catarrh of twenty years' stand-
Ing- 1 had been partially deaf on the left
side for twelve years. Six months ago 1
had to be propped up in bed at night and
lip on my side for fear of choking. I
did not think I could be cured. I began
taking Peruna. however, and now believe
myself to be thoroughly cured. My
breathing is perfectly free and easy, and
I cannot too highly recommend your
remedies." — J. Orpe.
Hon. John V. Wright, Law Department,
General Land Office of Tennessee, in a
letter written from Washington, D. C.
says the following 1
. -m> of Peruna for ca-
<*^--f' 1 \>*^ v tarrh: "I have used
f"v*" tt - > «^~^s^> Peruna in my fam-
9"'- V&Pk lly and can cne « r -
f~ i %&cSft fully recommend It
* .<ci? -*<5&. v83f as being all you
•M"^/">r* represent and wish
-—2Li'\~ *¥ ¦ every one who la
2|! /T\ f S' suffering with ca-
:|§sa Kt?*v i.wW' tarrh, general de-
£sgS&[j.~.y yKs§S& WHty, or prostra-
Se^as^^^ifisK^i tion could know of
W^^rpMl^^ U ' l wouId advise
iy^P^£^» a11 such to take »t
*^^JW*1f£7-^ in time and fore-
stall the terrible
Gen. J. V. Wright, consequences. I re-
of Tennessee. gard It as a most
valuable remedy,
and most cheerfully recommend it."—
John V. Wright.
¦ Congressman Amos J. Cummings of
New York writes the following letter in
regard to Peruna:
NEW YORK, Oct. 11, 1S98.
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, O.:
Gentlemen— Peruna ',.
is good for catarrh.
I have tried it and >fi^Si^~ J T
know it. It relieved /igSjggU \
me Immensely on my fa&ujfc&h!, \
trip to Cuba, and I MMt^fWi m+ I
always have a bottle £af \
In reserve. Since my Ev5Fi» \
return I have not /^R~n
suffered from ca- y»^ ' tr»n
tarrh, but if I do I T . VStfo/r
shall use Peruna '#v
again. Meantime you J\\. ,*rflss?\
mlsht send me. an-^gv\ /V^H
other bottle."— Amosn^*. i^tXTV^
J. Cumming?, Mem--V^3^flL i^'(.A /'/
ber of Congress. "^fSSfsCTP^^V'
The women recom- N
mend Peruna also. pr nn a t ri'mm»«»=
The following are °Sr New ySK
testimonials from OI Aeff "«•
thankful women prominent in society and
business who use Peruna:
Mrs. Jan© Gift of Hebbardsvllle. Ohio,
writes: "I think.I would have been dead
long ago had it not been for Peruna. I
have used It In my family for coughs and
colds and la grippe. I would not be with-
nut it in tho house. I really think that
it has added years to my life." — Mrs. Jana
Gift. ,
Mrs. Theophlle Schmitt. wife of ex-
. Secretary German
Consulate, writes
from Chicago. 111..
* u >i£ir^**irtiv 3-U7 \Y abash avenue:
/ «*H«r?^»&!n "' suffered this win-
i*X Vfi^^S^ti-i ter wlth a severe at-
yt* w^Jx^^waf tack of la grippe.
/ *~ an<i heard of tha
S^ * » • bS?3T valu & of Peruaa ia
4J W T^i*/ such cases. After
j Y2TST "sing only three
Lgg».- «lr>. bottles I not only
found that the la
<?5 =r S*Hg^£^£i'%3i grippe had disap-
,^)ifi^%r->\ pf areil but my gen-
•^^^^S^^^>y^.*rr^<^ j^** e**al health w a s
much better." — Mrs.
¦«.__ c-hmitt Theophlle Schmitt.
Mrs. Schmitt. United States Sen-
ator Warren's wife, in a letter from ISIS
Wyoming avenue, Washington. D. C,
says: "The sample bottle of Peruna sent
to my husband came when I was suffer-
ing from a cold, and I used it with good
results."— Mrs. F. E. Warren.
Mrs. Grldley. mother of Captain Grid-
ley, who was In command of Dewey's
flagship Olympia at the destruction ot
the Spanish fleet at Manila, says of our
remedy. Peruna:
"At the solicitation of a friend I used
Peruna. and can truthfully say it la a
grand tonic and Is a woman's friend, and
should be used In every household. After
using it for a short period I feel like a
new person."— Ann E. Grtdley.
Mrs. G. Brtggs of Minneapolis. Mlr.n.,
Treasurer and Conductor Wm. Downea
Corps No. 43. Wo-
raan's Relief Corps.
writes from 2413 yffaiS^^fc^V-
Central Ave., Min- DffiB^gXngv
neapolis, Mir.n.: "A ?Sf
few months ago xny \B a £*••*
health seamed to ?V 1£*a?\
break down all at /v *3>?Spg>
once. I found no >_ A*«<£Sf'
relief from the pre- -«gy /?^*»
scription of my phy- |>^k. iJ^i'
siclan. I. began -the •^F«»3£L— ¦ -r' 'i&*i?l
use of Peruna and /^^^-^S^i--^ - : ¦
before I had taken + &<!$*2S£SS5}8&' £
the second bottle I *$*%TttS»%r&r
was completely re- *tZ,i ih Y V
stored.' —Mf s. G. •*«*/-*»
Briggs. Mrs. G. Brigss.
Any one who *°~
wishes perfect health must be entirely-
free from catarrh. Catarrh is well nigh,
universal; almost omnipresent. Peruna is
the only absolute safeguard known. A.
cold ia the beginning of catarrh. To pre-
vent colds, to cure colds, is to cheat ca-
tarrh out of its ' victims. Peruna not
only cures but prevents catarrh. Ev-
ery household should be supplied wtth>
this great remedy for coughs, colds and
so forth.
A book on catarrh sent free to any ad-
dress by The Peruna Medicine Co., Co*-
lumbus, Ohio. --.•."'.
PE-RU-NA RESTORES 200,000 _CATARRH VICTIMS EACH YEAR.'
r ir"vr"^ i *f Hf all ° ther 1
fv$£*j 3B SUBSTITUTES |
£™=^i Ijj FOR LARD OR §
'I'ZySfM \ cooking
a*||P|[- !{ HAVE FAILED
fl^||i BECAUSE OF
*6|jjij|p<i I !' THE ODOR
¦"- *^!^I**5 | t^ <= AND TASTE
I : GIVEN THE
F ° ° D IN "
-y£v .T- .;': WHICH THEY
'¦¦¦.'¦¦¦it-* V l ARE USED.
\ I t»n b* tts*4 over ftgftift aa4 over acmin until tti • 8
Q Uct drc-p hat don* its appetising werL It remalfift p
K twe-t. ptrrt tad r1«ac toit* \%t\ And tti.% not ex- H
£1 ch*og» th«fi*Ycrotibt v&rloas f oodi cookeft In It. J|FIELD MARSHAL COUNT ALFRED HEIXRICH CARL LUD WIG VON
WALDERSEE, COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF OF THE ALLIED FOREIGN
FORCES NOW OPERATING IN CHINA. * :
"I tell you, my brothers, that it does
not make a copper's difference whom you
put In or whom you put out. No one man
can create a force loyal to duty unless be
hind that man or that Commissioner there
1b the pressing force 1 of public opinion,
which makes him feel that his position
would be intolerable unless he did what
was right. Organization, co-ordination of
forces, these are the things that are most
needed and it is along these lines that the
victory must lie.
"The element of indifference, however,
is not the only one against which we
have to contend. There ¦ is also that of
cupidity, that greeel and passion to get
out of every office every possible emolu
ment and a powerful organization at the
top that allows this to go on.
"I suppose that it will be no surprise to
you to learn that before the letter in re
gard to Herlihy and Cross which I wrote
was sent to the Mayor I waa approached
by a great many persons, emissaries rep
resenting all sorts Of interests, to know
what sacrifice it would be necessary for
them to make to satiate my desire for re
venge. I desire to disclaim here any feel
ing of that kind, or, in fact, any feeling
arising out of tho personal discourtesy
shown to one of my clergymen. That was
in itself a small matter. ,
"The point lay in the spectacle of a
person going to the men for protection
who were supposed to be conservers of
the laws and the peace of the community
and being deliberately insulted. It was
the spectable of the police ranging them
selves on the side of crime and degrada
tion against the, decent element of tho
community that was intolerable.
"Among those who- came to me waa a
man ¦ who said that i he represented Mr.
Croker. He asked m« If I would be satis
fied to drop the matter if Captain Herlihy
and' Inspector Cross were beheaded. I
told him that this was not a question of
men. These men did but the bidding of
those above them, and those above them
in their turn were the creatures of those
still higher.
"I told him that it was a system we
were opposing; - not a man , or men, for
he knew as well as you and I that the
policeman does not hold his place through
devotion to duty or honesty, but wholly
and solely by the favor of those above
him. who are responsible for the system.
"Some time ago I stated— and there were
many criticisms on my statement— that
money was the root of all I tho evil. A
condition of society where gain excuses
all doings must naturally affect the
mechanism "which runs a city such as
this. There must be some higher aim.
"There must be some loftier motives.
"We must recognize all who- are worthy
are striving for the right. The feeling
must be fostered and nurtured. There
must be personal sacrifice and vigilance,
and when you can . achieve that -there
comes the awakening of a great enthusi
asm. The rest will be an easy matter."
"It ia the duty, it seems, of every man
of the 'brass buttons' to help a 'pal.' Do
you recognize what a system like that in
volves? It means that you must bring
wrong-doing home to the culprit in such
a way that it will be impossible for this
kind of loyalty to be of avail and it is
impossible to accomplish this without per
sonal vigilance and constant watchful
ness.
"But .they are the creatures of a sys
tem," said the Bishop. "I did not come
here to cay pleasant things and the sys
tem exfs ts largely because of your indif
ference and mine. The solution of the
problem lies in Individual activity and
vigilance. I am sorry for one thing, my
friends, and that is that in spite of the
approval with which my remarks made in
St. Paul's Chapel seemed to have met
at the time, they really fell abso
lutely dead. What have any of you done
along the line \ of personal vigilance in
bprie of your evident desire to bring about
cnanged conditions? You will never get
results until you get up the proper spirit
of personal sacritice and vigilance.
"is'othing better was ever done by Mr.
Roosevelt when he was Police Commis
sioner than the nightly tours he made
through the city watching the police and
seeing that they performed their duty. It
brought the men to a sense of feeling that"
they were being watched. Every man
charged with otneial duties ought to have
the same feeling. Now I would like to
ask you men here how far any one of
you has troubled himself to observe tht»
discharge of duty by the members of the
police force.
"A well-known Judge said to me several
days ago that the men of the police force
are bound together by a kind of loyalty
that makes it incumbent on each one to
see that his brother gets out of trouble,
no matter of what kind.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5.— Bishop Potter
spoke on "The Causes of Our Present
Municipal Degeneration" at a meeting of
the City Club last night. The Blshop.be ¦
gan his address by making a plea for tol
erance. He said that conditions as they
existed were largely the result of the com
plexities of human nature. He was not
prepared to maintain, he. said, that the
police as a body were corrupt and said
he believed that there were among them
as many men who had aspirations toward
good and aims, that were commendable aa
among any other body of men of the same
size.
He Criticizes Members of the City
Club for Not Doing What
He Says Is Their
Duty.
Bishop Potter Speaks of
Remedies for Existing
Evils.
POLICE ONLY
NEED WATCHING
MARIETTA, ; Ohio, Jan. 5.— Nellie Mor
ris,"-who , was severely cut last night by
Walter Weinstock at , Hackney, is still
living, .with chances in , favor of her re
covery. Excitement in the vicinity of
Hackney runs high, and but for the girl's
request that • Weinstock should not be
lynched while she lives < summary justice
would have been meted out to him. The
constable who took Weinstock to the jail
at itcConnellsvUle drove atty. milea in a
Lynched.
At Her Bequest Weinstock Was Not
lOSS MOBRIS MAY LIVE.
WASHINGTON." Jan. 5.— Captain H.i H.
Blunt of ; the Louisiana ¦ Forty-ninth Vol
unteer : Infantry ".was ; convicted ' by court
martial ; at ; Tuguegaras, ; Cagayan, '".-. P. ¦. I. ,
of i conduct unbecoming, an ; officer, and a
gentleman and sentenced : to :dismlssal
from , the ¦ service.?* It" was - alleged that
.while acting as ¦• officer.; of i the day he as
saulted a private soldier and drew his re
volver .• on : another ; private, and j also ! that
he wrongfully : obtained money . that did
not belong- to him. The President baa ap
proved the sentence of : dismissal," to take
effect from the 24 iast, ; -
Captain Blunt Dismissed.
WASHINGTON, Jan. \ 5.— "The gross
gold in the treasury to-day," said Ellis
H. Roberts, United States Treasurer,*. "is
WSO.709,005, breaking all records. At the
end of March, 1899, the treasury held $328,
293,901, which was the largest sum ac
cumulated . during any administration in
recent years" until within' the last two or
three years. Our Immense gold holdings
are due, : of/ course, to the gTeat prosper
ity of the country, to the | increased pro
duction of gold in: all directions and in
large part to the fact that the United
States is now the < creditor nation of < tne
world.".. -•¦.•• -••-¦ ¦'. .-¦,' ¦ ; • ¦ ¦ •-¦•¦
Gold .in the Treasury.
Anotlo Vidal, first clerk in the second
flection of the treasury, made out the war
rants for the payment of bills in the De
partment of Finance and Zapata paid out
the money. The two, it- is charged
formed a conspiracy, which was easlly
successful.- :
Vldal si? under arrest. Zapata and he
were oM and trusted employes.
CITY OF MEXICO, Jan. 5.-A shortage
of $300,000 has been discovered at the
national treasury. The discovery was
made after the death of Salvador Zapata,
paymaster of the Department of Finance.'
The peculations had been begun twelve
years ago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Shortage of Three Hundred
Thousand in Pinanc* '
Department.
MEXICO'S MONEY
BOLDLY STOLEN
PEKING. Jan. 5.— Li Hung Chang has
suffered a relapse and because of the seri
ous effects of this and his. great age, it
is feared that he will be unable to act
as plenipotentiary In arranging a settle
ment of the troubled In China and that
the difficulty and delay in securing a suc
cessor may cause the postponement for
a time of negotiations..
Peace Negotiations.
Illness May Cause a Delay in the
LI HUM"G CHANG "WOBSE.
roundabout way to avoid lynching: parties
that had organized. Weinstock made a
written confession to-day In which ha
said: <
"I do not know why I aid it. I wanted
to kill her. I have no excuses to offer
for the crime, and if they want to kill
me they can."
"In the pavilion at Bellevue there was
no safeguard for the patients against the
nurses. In a place of that kind there
should be a physician on duty all the
time.
"The mechanical restraints still used at
Bellevue are an open door 'to brutalities.
They save'a lot of trouble for the nurses,
but they are out of date and often injure
the patients.
-. "With the 4 worst cases on Wards Island
they have never used mechanical restraint
of any kind since 1S84."
"It was a common thing while I was at
the insane pavilion* to find patients with
bruises on their faces and other marks of
physical violence. While I was at Wards
Island we used to get patients frequently
from the insane pavilion at Bellevue who
were badly marked. Sometimes they had
broken ribs. It got so bad that Dr. Mo-
Donald kept a book in which he entered
the injuries on patients received, so that
they could not be\ charged to his subor
dinates.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5.— Dr. Alexander
Traiman, who was superintendent of the
Insane asylum on Wards Island when it
was under the city's control, speaking last
night of the alleged abuses in Bellevue
Hospital, said:
Dr. Alexander Traiman
Tells of Abuses at
Bellevue.
NURSES BEAT
THE PATIENTS
Commander Hutchlns, commanding tho
Buffalo, senior officer in command, • ha3
been Instructed to co-operate with Minls
tec Loorals and he has been advised, of
the character of the instructions forward
ed to the diplomatic representatives.
General F. V. Greene of New York
called at the State Department to-day and
delivered an argument before the solicitor
of the State Department, Penfield, in sup
port of the claim of the New York and
Bermudez Company to the pitch lakes
embraced in what is known as the Felld
dad concession. General Greene was ac
companied by Lawyer H. W. Bean of
New York, who it appears was the mys
terious passenger conveyed by the Hart-
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET.
N. W., WASHINGTON. Jan. 5.—Ameri
can marines will be landed to protect tho
property of the New York and Bermudas
Asphalt Company in case the Venezuelan
Government should attempt to dispossess
the agents of that corporation. In fur
ther instructions given to Minister Loom's
the State Department has made it plain
to him that he must spare no effort to
urge the Venezuelan Government to re
frain from taking action against the Nevz
York and Bermudez Company until the
Supreme Court has announced ' its de
cision on the pendlns suits.
Judge Penfleia will submit a report to
Secretary Hay, with a recommendation
for such action as he may consider de
sirable. The department is anxious, how
ever, that the pending suits in Venezuela
will be pushed to a prompt decision, in
which event there will be no reason for
action by this Government.
Regarding the allegation that the title
or the New York and Bermudea Company
was defective General Greene produced a
map of the territory in dispute, showing
that the concession followed a meander
ing line along a footpath to the nearest
town. The Venezuelan Government, he
claims, has in a "iater map arbitrarily
straightened the line, thus throwing the
asphalt lakes, which are the bone of con
tention, outside of the company's conces
sion.
ford from La Guayra to Curacao two
weeks ago. Mr. Bean was in Venezuela
making an investigation of the situation,
and desired to return quickly to the
United States, and upon request the State
Department placed thb Hartford at his
disposal to convey him to Curacao. Gen
eral Greene attempted to show that the
Venezuelan Government In endeavoring to
dispossess the New York and Bermudas
Company was acting In an Illegal and
arbitrary manner, contrary, he said, to
decisions already made by the Supreme
Court of Venezuela.
PARIS, Jan. 5.— The Foreign Office Is
advised from Shanghai, under date of
January 3, that advices from Sinfu con
firm reports of the execution ofYu Hain,
former Governor of Shansi, guilty of mas
sacring about fifty missionaries, whom he
invited to accept his protection, Decem
ber 19, by order of the Dowager Empress.
Prince Tuan is still at Ninghl. There
are thirty thousand Chinese regulars at
Slnfu. The court has made preparations
to return.
His Barbarity.
Brutal Ruler of Shansi Punisied for
EXECUTION OF A GOVERNOR.
dition which started Christmas for Lien
chenghsu, under, command of Colonel
Greuder, returned Thursday. Colonel
Greuder reports the capture .of - forty
three Krupp field guns and the destruction
of 2000 rifles and large quantities of am
munition.
The decision of the Philippine Commis
sion in the San Jose Medical College caso
unanimously refers the settlement, of the
questions involved to the courts and pro
¦vides trustees, who, with the assistance
of the Attorney General of the Philip
pines, will inaugurate and prosecute the
litigation. Many listened to the reading
of Judge Taft's opinion in English and
Spanish. A bill has been passed carrying
out the terms of the decision. It appoints
live physicians as trustees, including Dr.
Tavera, who is complainant .throughout,
and Colonel Greenleaf, chief surgeon in
the Philippines. The trustees V are re
quired to begin suit within a month in. the
Supreme Court of the Philippines to* de
termine whether the ownership of the col
lege Is in the church or in the Govern
ment. -; The Dominican rector of St.
Thomas University and Archbishop Cha
pelle are required to defend the suit on
the part of the church. The act provides
that the decision of the Philippine court
is not to be bo final as to make it Impos
sible for Congress to provide for an ap
peal to the United States Supreme Court.
The opinion states that "a case involv
ing: construction of the treaty of -Paris
and the effect upon public trusts of a
transfer of sovereignty from a kingdom
in which church and state are united and
inseparable ; to one in which church and
state are entirely separated is of such Im
port that it ought to be submitted to. the
highest tribunal." . . . >
/The commission, recommends that'Gen
eral MacArthur rescind General Otis'-or
der suspending the conduct of the medical
college under the rector of the St. Thomas
JJalversity;,
MANILA, Jan. 5.— Private George H.
Ray of the engineer corps; his assistant,
Private Lyons, Company K, Fifth Infan
try, five native policemen and two scouts
have been captured while on the way to
Balaca by insurgents. On receipt of the
news an American column was dispatched
against the Filipinos, but failed. to over
take the party.
Filipinos Capture Privates
Ray and Lyons and
Two Scouts.
TIENTSIN, Jan. 5.— The German expe-
TAKEN PRISONER
BY INSURGENTS
German Expedition Also Destroyed
Chinese War Material.
CAPTURED MANY GUNS.
LONDON, Jan. 5. — A special dispatch
from Peking under yesterday's date says:
According to an official Chinese source,
Russia has arranged to make a treaty
with China at St. Petersburg. The Chi
nese Minister there has been appointed to
act for China.
China at St. Petershurg.
Arranges to Make a Treaty With
RUSSIA'S SI/5T DIPLOMACY.
SHANGHAI, Jan. 5.— A dispatch re
ceived here from Tientsin says Field Mar
shal Count von Waldersee has notified his
staff to cease hostilities, but that ' some
of the commanders have not been in
formed of these instructions. . It is ex
plained that they are in .the field after
Boxers. Prince Chlng and IA Hung- Chang
have again urged Count von Waldersee
to ask the commanders to desist from
hostilities.
structions to His Staff.
Count von Waldersee Issues Such In-
TO CEASE HOSTILITIES.
rived here from St. Petersburg. M. Ko
mura was formerly Minister at Washing
ton, from whi h city he was transferred
to St. Petersburg in 1900.
Sped*! Dispatch to Th* Call
Determined to Prevent Citizens From Being
Ejected From Asphalt Concessions.
AMERICA MAY LAND
MARINES IN VENEZUELA
Joint Note of Powers Declared Not
Comprehensive Enough.
PEKING, Jan. 5.— A meeting of pfotes
tant missionaries was held to-day to con-
Eider the terms of the joint note of the
powers to China. Among a majority of
the missionaries the consensus of opinion
was that the note was not comprehensive
enough. Finally two representatives - of
each mission were appointed a commit
tee to formulate thf views of those who
took part in the meeting.
Baron Nissi, the Japanese Minister,
leaves here to-morrow, the new Japanese
Minister, N. Jularo Komura, having ar-
PROTEST OF MISSIONARIES,
Britain Expected to Take Territory if
Assassins Are Not Punished.
SHANGHAI, Jan. a.— The French intend
to send a force overland from Tonkin to
Chentu should the Chinese court go there.
"It is rumored on the best authority,"
says the Chinese newspaper Chung Wei
Jeh Pao, "that a foreign power, probably
the British, will resort to force, first seiz
ing Churan, unless the persons guilty of
the massacre of Christians at Chuenow
are beheaded."
It Is considered possible that Sir Ernest
Mason-Satow, British Minister to China,
Is moving in the Chuenow affair.
Among the bank notes which the Chi
nese paid to the foreign Consuls as In
demnity for the missions destroyed^ at
Sheklung were five-pound notes that had
been raised to fifty-pound notes and ten
pound notes that had been raised to 100
pound rotes.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET.
N. W. WASHINGTON. Jan. 5.-
The Call correspondent has ob
tained copies of important decrees
Issued by the Czar of Russia,
which go to show that th.; St. Petersburg
Government contemplates no departure
from the policy of evacuating Manchuria
as soon as circumstances permit. These
decrees, which are in the form of instruc
tions to military and naval commandeis,
further show that the Czar has beea
strenuous in his orders to avoid looting or
ill-treatment of the. inhabitants of the ter
ritory occupied by his troops.
One telegram sent by the Minister of
War to General GrodcKoff, commanding
the Russian troops in Manchuria, reads:
"His Imperial Majesty orders me to
send you the following: tiia Majesty's de
sire is that not oniy there should be no
annexation of territory oi Rusdia, but, as
has been published in the oi.icial com
munication of September 1, mat our
troops should later ue recalled from Man
churia, if there be no hindrance thereto
by the Course pursued by other poweis.
In accordance with tnis imperial uccit,.oa,
you will do all that is possible to bring
ihe military operations in .Manchuria to
a s-peeuy end. At present KU*.5;a s prin
cipal Object is the construction and com
pletion ot railways we are i'U,iu..ii. , i'our
efforts must be oirected to heln this vvoriJ
and guard the wor&men. Russian admin
istration must not be introduced in the
territory occupied by our troops. You will
reassure the population, remove their
fears and brine them oack to their ordi
nary occupations in time of peace. See
that the soldiers commit no violence upon
the inhabitants after the last shot of the
battle. Life, honor, property and customs
of the natives must be sacred to the
troops."
The Czar had many weeks before wired
this order to Admiral Aliexelf :
"Strictest discipline, irreproachable in
ternal order, respect for the peaceful citi
zen, compassion for the vanquished, re
gard for their property, must be enforced
by you with an iron hand."
Tnis was followed by these orders to
both General Grouchoft and Admiral Al
iexelt, sent early in August, just after
the Russian troops had crossedinto Man
churia:
"Circumstances having obliged our
troops to crcs:= the frontier into Man
churia, we will soon have quelled the re
bellion. Order will be restored equally
soon on the Manchurian Railroad, and
work will be resumed under the protection
of our armed forces. But that is not
enough. It is absolutely necessary that
the peaceful inhabitants of Manchuria
should nd join the rebels and create the
painful necessity of making war upon the
whole Chinese nation.
"His Imperial Majesty therefore directs
me to instruct you to take stringent
measures so that war shall be conducted
with the inexorability inherent to all war
fare, only against C iilnese troops and
armed citizens; they must be defeated,
deprived of their amis and the furtillca
tions destroyed.
"But the peaceful residents, their home
steads and their property must not be
touched by our valorous soldiers or by
border Cossacks. Xo unnecessary cruel
ty or devastation should be allowed. De
struction of cities or villages and burn
ing of farms may be reported to only in
extreme oases as punishment for heavy
and bioody crimes. Such measures In
cense the population against us. Anv
kind of looting: by sojaiers or Cossacks
must be punished with the utmost sever
ity, including a court-martial of offend
ers. Any subsistence provided by the in
habitants shall be paid for in cash.
"Terrible in battle our soldiers must, in
Manchuria, as they have always been
everywhere- and at all times.- kind and
humane, not only to «.he peaceful citizen
but also to the conquered foe. The verv
next day after the battle you must exerr
yourselves to be on a friendly footing
with the inhabitants, feo have we always
done, with preat success, in the Caucasuj
and in Central Asia. In giving you these
instructions his Imperial Majesty is con
fident that the brave troops under your
command will not dim their glory by
any kind of cruelty to peaceful, unarmed
citizens. The Emperor expects that every
man will do his best to maintain good or
der and friendly relations."
Information received in an official quar
ter here is to the effect that the instruc
tions as given above nave been carefully
observed. Reports are current here that
because of the recent decree issued by
Russian officials in Manchuria, seeming
to imply a protectorate over that Chinese
province, the United States might have
asked from the St. Petersburg authorities
an explicit explanation of its purpose. So
far as can be ascertained officials here
have no such purpose. Other reports as
serted that this Government had sounded
or would sound Euru^an powers with
reference to Russia's conduct in Northern
China. It is stated emphatically here
that no negotiations are in progress re
specting China except those in Peking.
MAY SEIZE CHUEAN.
Regular Troops and Cossacks Operating in Manchuria In
structed to Be Most Careful With Inhabitants and Avoid
Looting and Destruction of Property of Non-Combatants
RUSSIAN DEGREES INDICATE
THE POLICY OF THE CZAR IN
DEALING WITH THE CHINESE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 6, 1901.
15
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re- _^ r!^.
sponslble for more sickness and suffering -^-" — "^^^^N
than any other disease, and if permitted
to continue fatal results are sure to fol- -/^ l^WvS
low - Mi/m;-:-
The kidneys niter and purify the blood— V0^¥^"- — V^W'
So when your kidneys are weak or out lilM'r^M^^^'^'ar^A
of order you can understand how quickly m^^Wi^U&^^^^t^^ v&^4\'\
your entire body ia affected, and how y WsWW^^^r %^*£ /«ft
every organ seems to fall to do its duty. '/ v(&Ww0^&&%&r. "jR^vivA
Among the many cures of Dr. Kilmer's /////!^%Wfr'---. '^M'" V' Ml 1 ® A V
Swamp-Root, the great kldnej-, liver and ///Z^%'MM^i- £zg&J\: plWwV
bladder remedy. Investigated by The Call, /^^=^H^^^' £&&?*•-- \\ ££$$$&¦
the ones which we publish this week for M%£§^MX%&'/£ £rX!JJ3>»2* %• jP^?^*w^
the benefit or our readers speak in the WW^^i
hlphest terms of the wonderful curative J' l ?W?ms^
properties of this great remedy. -<^/^^/fW^^^^^^^^ f^V^vSY^
DE^ MOXXES. Ia., Oct. 20. X900. -fW^S\^vVA
"I have been out of health for a long time, */7///fimi\v8x.\ SM i&S. /^WsSn^ ftU>»
and I was taking medicine from a doctor's Ull ifTAl Wff^'A^J^*^ /?^W^^\\\li
prescription when I received your sample 'IlllfiVJl \\^M\ V^
bottle. I. stopped taking the doctor's medi- "iml\ Wm\\ Jf^AVvi*'
cine and used the sample bottle of Swamp- ' r/Vll U,\b'Y\ 1 BiKS\V^'
Root. I afterwards took . two of your large '/'/l «w» I flvVv y^S./y
bottles, and it cured me entirely, and I have 'l/i \w>\\\\\l M\
not felt so well for years. I thank you very 1 rwV0\ fity ///
much for sending- me the sample bottle." * _ Vo\y^ /ir^ Ar
I>. W. SMITH.
What a Woman -,T Mrs - N< Wheeler of " 7 HlKh Rock street, Lynn,
vL u " iau Mass., writes on November 2, 1900: "About eighteen
Snvc of months ago I had a very severe attack of grip. I
_ *-»ta,y 0 u* was extremely sick for three weeks, and when I
8wamD=ROOt. was . finaIly abl e to leave my bed I was left with ex-
¦iJSlV™ h^ * r .^elating pains In my back. My water at times
looked ver> like coffee. I could pass but little at a time, and then only after suf-
ln r,fn S^r, Pa^; y ? hyBic^i cond J tlon w » s s «ch that I had no strength and waa
fv,=ri£ down - The doctors said my kidneys were not afTected. but I felt certain
l^ i l^ ey W f re . the^ au ?®, of m y trouble. My sister. Mrs. C. E. LlttlefieM of Lynn.
advised me to give Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root a trial. I procured a bottle from my
druggist, and found it a very pleasant medicine to take, and inside of three days
commenced to get relief. I followed up that bottle with another, and at the comple-
tion of this one found I was completely cured. My strength, returned, and to-day
I am as well as ever. My business is that of canvasser. I am on my feet a great
tZ 11 VL e 9 and ha y e v to use mu ch energy in getting around. My cure la thsre*
fore all the more remarkable, and is exceedingly gratifying to me."
T , MRS. H. N. WHEELER.
' J« you are sick or "feel badly" begin greatest and most successful remedy that
taking the famous new discovery, Dr. science has ever been able to compound.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon as Sfimnlf To P rove its wonderful
your kidneys are well they will help all curative properties, send
the other organs to health. • A trial will Bottle X^L^kvuSS^ 5 dd^ 3
convince you-and you may have a sam- F« ee Bingh^mTorT nT Y.'!
pie bottle free for the asking. , I 1 WW» wnen yotl wIU receivei
When your kidneys are not doing their free of all charge, a sample bottle of
work some of the symptoms which prove Swamp-Root and a valuable book by mail,
it to you are pain or dull ache In the back. &^tta^S^5i^ M of^^oiffil
excess of uric acid, gravel, rheumatic letters received from men and women who
pains, sediment in the urine, scanty sup- owe their good health in fact, their very
ply. scalding irritation in passing it. lives, to the wonderful curative properties
obliged to go often during the day and to of this world-famous kidney remedy
get up many times during the night to Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take and is so
empty the bladder; sleeplessness, nervous remarkably successful that those of our
Irritability, dizziness, irregular heart,- readers who have not already tried it are
breathleesness. sallow, unhealthy com- advised to write for a sample bottle and
plexion, puffy or dark circles under the to be sure and mention reading this' gen-
eyes, loss of ambition, general weakness erous offer in the San Francisco Sunday
and debility. Call.
Swamp-Root is used in the leading hos- Swamp-Root is pleasant to take, and if
pimls, recommended by physicians in you are already convinced that this great
their private practice and Is taken by doc- remedy Is what you need, you can pur-
tors themselves who have kidney ail- chase the regular 50-cent and $1 size bot-
ments, because they recognize in it the ties at the drugstores everywhere.
To Prove What the World-Famous Discovery
Swamp-Root Will Do for YOU. All Our
Readers May Have a Sample
I Bottle Free by Mail.
WONDERFUL CURES
ADVTSKTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ont of the chaos of old-time failure comes %
new and startling cure for rupture. Dr. W. S.
Rice, 413 N. Main St., Adams, N. T.. haa in-
vented a method that cures without pain.
Famous Method Free to All.
Dr. W. S. Bice, the Well Known Au-
thority, Sends a Trial of His
Free to the
Ruptured
SEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAIWY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RB-
Dodeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. iOc to $1 M day:
ti to is week; ii to 520 month. Free baths; hot
*iid cold water every roam; tire Kr&tc* is ev«rv
tP0B& fc^etra; jcua* All JIM 1 ;, f.
Bi HALL'S HELNVIGOBATORWWSJ
Five hundred reward for any W3s%$Tt5
rue we cannot cure. This secret JjpHB "-*-Jl
remefiy stops ali losses In 2* hours, E H
cures Emittion*-. Iropotfncy, Vari- Sag C£>
cootie. Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Hffi rfiTii
Ktrtctures. Loet Manhood and all tJ^J \XXJ
wasting effect* of eelf-abuee or W&S Lr¥i
»-xc«««. Bent waled. J2 bottle; 3 Ui rill fW'JAi
ixyiUtM, SS: sruarant»«l to cure any case. Ad-
dress HAIJys MEDICAL. INSTITUTE. 85i
Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also for ea!« at 1073'*
Market «C. & F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Eend for free book.
danger, operation or an hour's losa of tlnw
from the day's work. To avoid all questions of
doubt he sends free to every sufferer a frea
trial of his method and there can be no earthly
reason why any one. rich or poor, should not
avail themselves of this generous offer. As an
instance of this remarkable method, th» curs
of Charles Lange, Morrison, Ills., is a welcoma
piece of intelligence."
Mr. I-ansre ia a well preserved eld gentlaman.
73 years of ace. .and for eighteen years had a
bad double rupture which no treatment could
cope with. After a short use of the Rica
method the left rupture healed entirely and the
right waa almost closed in a few weeks. To-
day he Is as sound as a dollar, wears no truss
or other | support and his cure is only one of
hundreds of similar cases reported by tho*o
who use the Rice method. Send for this free
trial. Don't be backward.'- It will surprise
you with Its wonderful power to heaL And i;
you know of other ruptured people ask them
to write or . -write for them. Do not fall tq
write at once; do sa to-day %
MR. CHAS. LANGE.
The surest and safest treatment for any
form of Catarrh is an internal remedy
which acuJ specifically upon the blood ajid
mucous membranes. Such a remedy is
the new preparation sold everywhere by
druggists as Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, a
medicine in pleasant tablet form. ¦
These tablets contain in highly concen-
trated form well known germ antiseptics
like sanguinaria. guaiacol. Red Gum and
similar curative elements, and no one who
suffers from any form of catarrh and
has experienced the inefficiency and in-
convenience of powders, sprays and Inhal-
ers will ever co back to such antiquated
remedies after^once trying bo pleasant a
treatment as Stuart's Catarrh Tablets,
and one which gives so much relief in ao
short a time.
Druggists sell Stuart's Catarrh TaW«t«
at fifty cents for full sized package, and
their daily use will effectually cure this
troublesome 'and dangerous disease;
The danger from catarrh is that' it is a
short road to consumption, to chronic
stomach catarrh and to catarrh of liver
and kidneys. . ¦ .; *
Most cases of deafness are caused from
stoppage of the eustacbiSC tube aa a re-
£Ult OX caXoxrb, .
gated to the Bear.
Local Treatments for Catarrh Rele-
HAVE HAD THEIR DAY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sewing a<* a business is an exacting and
exhausting occupation. Long hours, fine
work, poor light, unhealthy atmosphere
— these are only some of the things
which fret the nerves and hurt the gen-
eral health. Often there is a diseased
condition of the womanly organism
which causes backache or headache and
the working of the sewing machine
under such conditions is akin to torture.
Thousands rf ., mii i.in him iniiin i iin
r on,« n who work |j|«||I||||f]i |
R. V. Pierce, whose fSTJ^Wlr^S !i I
n Favorite Prescrip. IJbJH [mftrj *\ I
tion " has cured fcSliholJllK^Sii. \M
their womanly ills Wff^TK/^^y
and established KaBIvLf t /I/
their general B IA \\ > If
health. "Favorite B HM^Ay,'!' ft
Prescription " es- |^nty^ '^ZT/f
tablishes regular- [/</ WHE|
itv, drie* un- Y//t/ 1 W^^
healthy and off en- Lrar i^^i»
¦ive drains, heals W ff$ \
inflammation and \jfu- vl V t \y\
ulceration, and \llu // 0^ •» m\\
cures female weak- Wf/yjjf\ j Jtf *
n e s s. 1 1 makes WM& s^ 4@' I
¦ \ weak women J nff - ¦ - I
strong and k sick I jr |
women well. - .
. ,' Side women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce by letter '-free, and \ so avoid the
Indelicate i questionings, 'offensive ex- 1
aminations : and obnoxious /local treat-
ments deemed necessary by some physi-
cians. AH correspondence _private. Ad-
dress Dr. R. V. Pierce,' Buffalo,- N.Y.
"I take great pleasure in' recommending Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription for female wealc-
; ness." writes ' Mrs.' - Susannah \ Permentor, of
Pauls Store, Shelby Co., Texat. ' I was troubled
'with bearing-down pains ia my back and hips
for six rears, and wrote to Dr. l*i«rc« for adrke.
I triad ¦ hia «.* Farorite Prescription ' . and : six
. bottles cured me. '. Z fact like a new person and
I thank Dr. ; Pierce • for my health. Life is a
burden to any one without health. I have told
' a great many of my friends about the great
medicine I took."- V. ":.--.¦ "
;""¦¦ Dr. Pierce's ' Common Sense ! Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is veatjree : on
receipt !, of ii j one-cent fstamos to . pay
expense of niailing(0»(y... Address Dr.*
R. V. Pierce, Buflalo, N. Y.
R. P., December i, 1898.— Dr. Wong Him. 115-
117 Mason St.. S. P., Cal.— Dear Sir: For th«
benefit of others I wish to make a statement of
my case, wfcich was heart trouble. After treat-
ing with six eminent physicians my case was
pronounced incurable. Hearing of Dr. Wong
Him. and his wonderful cures, I decided to try
his herb treatment. He did all he claimed, and
after treating- eix months I am now well and
etxong-. Yours, respectfully. «
MRS. BARLOW. 10S7 SXlssion et.. 6. F.
PINOLE. June SZ. 1£8»— I take this means of
«xj>r<e*s!Es tny thanks to Dr. Wong Him 115-
117 Mason street, San Francisco, for h&\in«t
cur»d n>e of kidney, womb trouble and cancer
ot the stomach. I was a gTeat sufferer for is
years and found no permanent relief until I
tried Dr. "Won* Him and in etx months' time
fce ha* cured me. Any person wishing me to
certify this can find me.
MRS. GEORGE BETZ.
Pinole, Contra Costa County, Cal.
BAN FRANCISCO. Oot.
¦ ffi^Si (j ' ''^ Jft ~~° 'whom it may
Kjff^^S concern: This is to certify
lf>j that DR. WO.N'G HIM of
5^*^ I 115-117 Mason street. San
H£. JLmi. I Kranclsco, has cured me
Tpj5±£ / of kidney trouble and
§ZL~ / rheurr.ii.Usni and I am
<Jn?*r. S\~ happy to makt this ftate-
>©*T^ r >RV «n*nt. as I find the Doctor
»y£**&53rTHt1ak^' Ftrtct'.y honest In -very
•rafilr&SS? %£ »enee of the word and an
TO THE f*{JBUC!
Ismar can be consulted daily
from 10 a. m. to 5 p. in. at her
office. 114S Market St.; two doors
below Weinstock & Lubin's.
Reader, if you are in trouble, if
in need of advice, seek Ismar. It
is indeed a privilege to meet
this wonderful enchantress, with
such a power over men's and
women's destinies.
All is happiness now — no long-
er a sorrowful, tearful little wo-
man, but a bright, cheerful and
contented wife, thanks to Ismar's
truthful prediction. Owing to
too much publicity no names are
here given.
True to this marvelous wo-
man's prediction, on the 24th of
December her husband returned.
ISMAE'S TRDEJROPHECY
Brings Back Joy and Happiness to a Heart
Where Desolation and Sorrow Reigned.-
A few months ago a modest,
neat little woman of about 30
called on Ismar. the celebrated
Egyptian Seeress. Her life in the
past 12 months had been one of
suffering and privation. A year
ago her husband, then an en-
gineer for a certain railroad com-
pany, suddenly disappeared, leav-
ing her and her two little ones j
alone and forsaken. For twelve]
long months she had not heard j
a word from him, her little sav- i
ings were almost gone, when a ,
friend told her to consult Ismar. i
To her she went, and amengj
many other things Ismar told her j
that her husband in a fit of de-
spondency had gone north, but
would return to her on the 24th
of December.
DCB. KILMER'S SWAMP-EOOT.
DR. HEECE'S <£& EGDT-BATTERY
Hew y^^^K Wak
Gifst. ide^Xv \ !$i*^ stm2 -
V>\ \ ft: Si A modern ap-
Ey means ot v*HiA**«*AiI^' P'lance! It
ra\ Pieroe's tZZz~~~&?> " fil '» the body
b"-t »nd At- fe-S^-^^H. w!lh *'«ctrlc-
•-*_¦.:?. ecu a 7?T#'ivtffcA il >'- thui ** v -
i>o»-*rfui cur- li»iv\***\S ln Nature's
r»ct ui e)«rc- /\^ v VY>j#> v d warmth and
ulcitymayb* [sWjtiaSgxii «trea*th to all
oonveyed to Rajfe/f^ 1 "5 w^° UEe il -
tny part of j^tWp^S-, ipo-dily cures
th» body of I >/\5f \ i!% withoutdniffs
th« wearer, 1 (iV \ i B and *¦ *¦ <ood
Irora head to \ j V I * J for women
toot, thereby \}. ' I . i « for man.
Imparting I',. 1 i Pric«s j-ea-
Mmaadrl^or \ t I $, sonable. Xo
to all w*ak \ i I ii "V r e e" or
saru and \ \\', "Half Price"
drlv:as *w8.yp > "tyj A 4. offar» made
«¦ c h e ¦ &&4 ~*&3£ to •*!' thl»
P*ina aa it — T|F BELT. If
by magic ItjSK *" ou w "-nt the
VrOur new "Book- S **J BEST, you
l«t No. 2" rlv«a full in- nuiFt h a ve
formation Fr»» »t ot- "Dr. Plerc« - s."
Co* or mailed to any address- for a 2-cent
stamp. Cail or address PIERCE ELEC-
TEIC_CO.. H4* Broadway (above 26th Bt.>.
K*% TcTk Padfl£ Oo&<t Offioo, CIO Mar-
ie* »t. (ox:x>o«ite Psiac* Hotel). Stn Fran-
elfeoL
When -writloc. kindly mention this paper.
ILa i M HI H i§£ n&Blf
ISMAR.Panama Railroad Steamship Line to
New York. Excursion rate 175, first class.
Tickets, 839 Market street. •
SUISi:K. Jan. B.-J. L. Mile*, a prom!
rent farmer of Sulsun Valley, was killed
by a train last July at a crossing on the
public road known am the "new road" be
fwfrn Bultion and Falrfleld. Mrs. M. A.
Miles, hi* widow, and Miss Gussie Mile?,
it daughter, have filed suit in the Superior
Court her*» against th« Southern Pacific
• •omntnr, aekinc tor damages In the sum
Su-s Hallway for Damages.
VALLEJO. Jan. 5— Chief of Police
Ftandford, before Judge Genty to-day,
filed a complaint charging \V. Accck of
the Waldorf raloon with selling liquor
without a license. Acock's license was
taken away from him at the last meeting
of the Board of City Trustees. Stanford's
move Is part of a vigorous crusade
against gambling houses here. A few
months ago Acock attacked the Chief of
I'olice and was Sned $300.
Crusade Against Gamblers.
; TREK A, Jan. BACllnton AI. Withan.
aged 80,- was killed yesterday in an acci
dent at La French mine near Hornbrook.
His family resides In Angels Camp.
Killed in a Mine Accident.
VALLEJO. Jan. 5.-H. Lee Smith, ship
keeper on Mare Island, died In the Astor
House last night from an overdose of
laudanum administered by himself. Of
late Smith had been drinktng heavily and
had not been living with his wife. On
Thursday night he was out all night, and
yesterday his wife called to .see him.
When she came down from his room she
Informed. the hotel people that her. hus
band had a bottle of laudanum and might
do himself harm. Two of his friends were
summoned and went to his room, only to
find that he had already taken a portion
of the deadly ' drug. He ¦ Informed his
friends' that he had taken It to produce
sleep. Taking the remainder of the poi
son from him. they left him. When they
visited him again he was in a. critical con
dition, and died before a doctor could
reach him ijmii JIWiyMM :j JIIBiPWTllL*JLJll||'l7Mffil8ffli
Shipkeeper.
Death of H. Lee Smith, a Mare Island
TAKES TOO MUCH LAUDANUM.
San Vicente Eanch , Sold.
SANTA CRUZ/' Jan. B.— Th* San Vi
cente ranch, th© property of th© Santa
Cruz Lime Company, has been sold to
Case.
MARYSVILLE. Jan. 5.— The applica
tion of Hugh Buchanan, the convicted
murderer, for an order discharging his
attorneys and to have his commitment to
San Quentin signed, came up before Judge
Davis this afternoon. Buchanan ap
peared for himself, and made an eloquent
appeal. His attorneys. Colonel Forbes and
W. H. Carlln, opposed his motion on the
ground that they had a contract with
Buchanan's brother. The debate was ex
citing and the Judge held that the de
fendant • was entitled to a voice and or
dered the attorneys dismissed and the
commitment placed In the hands of tha
Sheriff. Buchanan, was opposed to an aD
peal to the Supreme Court, preferrinc to
at once begin serving his sentence Hla
brother sought to continue the fleht for
his freedom.
Murderer Buchanan Defeats His At
torneys' Plan to Appeal His
GOES TO SAN QUENTIN
ON HIS OWN MOTION
PETALUMA, Jan. 5 -J. W. She! ton 1 was
arrested' here to-day on' a charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon. John Cramer
alleges that Shelton attacked him with a
revolver. Shelton Is out on $250 bonds
Charged With Assault.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 5.— News reached
here to-day of three. murders Just across
the New Mexican line. At Falrvlew on
Monday night Buck Powell was shot and
Instantly killed by .David Allen, while
both were drinking at a saloon bar. Jose
Sanchez shot and Killed Catarlno Alaman
darez near Santa Rita during a quarrel on
a hunting trip, and John McMillan a
prominent ranchman, was murdered by
three Mexicans, one of whom was a 16
year-old boy. . .
Three New Mexico Murders.
A heavy norther was blowing when the
City of Seattle sighted the wrecked
steamer City of Topeka. Captain Con
nell of the Seattle believes If a southeast
gale comes up the vessel would 'speedily
go to pieces. Another hole was punched
Into her bottom, Just under the engine
room, when she was let down after the
pumps gave out In the first effort to raise
her. She is still In a good position, how
ever, so long as the wind does not blow
from the southeast.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Jan. 5.— The
steamer City of Seattle arrived this morn
ing from Skaguay with forty-one passen
gers, fifteen of whom were from Dawson.
She brought news of rough weather and
much trouble from floating Ice. Tho
steamer Danube of Victoria, as well as
the steamer Dirigo of Seattle, had an en
counter with an Iceberg, causing more, or
less damage. The Danube was obliged to
put Into Juneau for repairs.
to That of the Dirigo.
Danube Has an experience Similar
COLLIDES WITH AN ICEBERG.
Fpecial Dispatch to The Ca!l.
STOCKTON, Jan. 5.— Carlo Bisagno of
thl? city celebrated the death of his rival,
Cai»sar* Caroline, by rather unseemly de
portment at the funeral yesterday. He
went to the cemetery in a hark drawn by
four white horses, and when the cere
mony had reached the "ashes to ashes"
point he- threw a handful of gTavei down
on the casket.
Casollne, having become enamored of
Mrs. Bisagno some time ago. won her af
fections from her husband. Mrs. Bisagno
left her husband and took charge of Caso
llne> household. Bisagno was surprised
by the decamping of his wife to the home
of his rival, but he did not take the law
lr.to his own hands. Caroline suddenly
died, and Bisagno for a time was discon
f*>la.te. It was not the ordinary sorrow
tvhlch comes to a man who has lost a
friend, but was due to the fact that his
chance for revenge seemed rone forever.
Suddenly a happy thought came. He
¦would pet four white horses and have
thorn harnessed to a hack. Then he would
occupy a prominent place In the funeral
Cortege. With mingled feelings of exul
tation, hate and joy he proceeded to car
ry his plans Into execution. With white
horses there could bo no indication that
he was in mourning, and he was willing
his wife snouia supply the tears and sor
row. On the other hand, it gave him a
feeling of self-SAtlsfactlon to parade his
deliKht at the death of his enemy.
Wh^n the funeral procession wended Its
way to the last resting place of Casoline.
lilsagno was conspicuous in It "When the
*o!emn words "ashes to ashes, dust to
dust" were pronounced and the grave
digger scattered some earth over the cof
fin Bisaeno cast In some small rocks.
After the obsequies he held a levee with
his friends In celebration of the event
Stockton Han Goes to Funeral in a
Hack Drawn by White Horses,
and Throws Rocks Into
the Grave.
GLOATS OVER COFFIN
CONTAINING HIS FOE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, Jan. 5.-While the American
transport Athenian, formerly of the Can
adian Pacific railroad service, was lying
at Taku, Mr. Davidson, her third officer,
came to his dea^h In an extraordinary
manner. He was walking up and down
the deck chewing a small Japanese tooth
pick. Something occurred to cause him to
laugh and he swallowed the toothpick.
At first the incident was deemed to be
of a more or less jocular character, and
until the victim began to show signs of
severe distress it was not treated serious
ly. The ship's doctor was then called and
he at once sent ashore for further medical
assistance. .
The toothpick passed down through the
unfortunate man's throat and Into his
stomach. Almost immediately inflamma
tion set in and despite all attention, Mr.
Davidson died from peritonitis.
Third Officer Davidson of the Trans
port Athenian the Victim of a
Peculiar Accident
at Taku.
SWALLOWS TOOTHPICK
AND DEATH RESULTS
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 6.— Judge Smith. In
his decision in the case of' the people
against B. B. Parker, accused of violat
ing the liquor ordinance, to-day passed
upon a point never before raised in this
State. The defendant claimed that the
ordinance contained a proviso 'which made
it unconstitutional, Inasmuch as it con
ferred on citizens the right to revoke per
mits for a license by petition of a major
ity of voters; also that it was special
legislation, for the reason that all parts
of the county were not treated alike.
Judge Smith, In declaring the ordinance
valid and constitutional, held that under
the statutes of 1897, the Supervisors had
the right to adopt an ordinance licensing
the sale of liquor, and to provide the man
ner in which licenses should be granted or
revoked. The case will be appealed to the
Supreme Court. . , ¦...•>,.
Santa Clara Comity's License Ordin
ance Declared Constitutional.
LIQUOR-DEALER LOSES SUIT.
Special Dispatch to The Call. . \ .
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 5.— A special to the
San Diego Union from Glamis tells of the
finding of the body of W. L. Hopkins on
the great Colorado desert. Hopkins had
been living at Mosquito Lake for about a
year developing some mining properties
which he had in that portion of the desert.
He was acquainted with" every foot of
ground about there, po those who sawhlm
start for tho desert thought nothing of the
fact and believed he knew exactly whither
he intended to go and what he intended to
do.
It was on the afternoon of the 19th of
last month that 'he left his home and went
to what is known as Red Cloud Camp for
a bucket of water. At Red Cloud House
he hune the bucket on the fence and
seemingly started for the placer diggings
about a mile and a half from the house.
He was seen going in that direction, but
little was thought of the fact until the
next day, when the water pail was still
hanging where he had placed it.
A search was instituted. The man was
tracked as far as the imprint of his heavy
shoes could be followed in the soft earth,
but where the ground was harder the trail
was lost. It is believed that he walked
farther than he Intended and when ni<ht
came on he became bewildered. Possibly
insanlty, which Is freqent -with those who
are lost on the desert, came to complete
his confusion.
The search was kept up and to-day the
body was< found miles away from where
Hopkins was last seen. The man had been
dead for many days before, he was found.
He was nearly 70 years old and came from
New York.
Searchers rind the Body of W. L.
Hopkins on the Sands Near
Bed Cloud
MINER PERISHES ON
THE COLORADO DESERT
The evidence at the Coroner's inquest
on Monday was conclusive and Cannon
was commltteed on the charge of murder
In the first degree. The preliminary trial,
which folowed on "Wednesday, wound the
coils, and Justice. Relff held Cannon with
out bail.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. 5.— News comes
from Yuma of a brutal murder that oc
curred near Kinsley's lodging-house early
last Sunday morning. Thomas Cannon
was the murderer and Hugh McGuire his
victim. ',
Some time after midnight William Kel
ley and C- F. Marshall, two young men
from Los Angeles, went to the lodging
house to get a bed for the night. >V nils
waiting for the proprietor to open the
door they heard the groans of somebody
In great distress coming from the cellar
excavation Just north of the lodging
house and went to investigate. It being
quite dark, they struck a match, and its
light disclosed a big. vicious-looking man
dragging a much smaller man around by
the heels. One of the boys protested and
the fellow, who proved to be a miner
named Thomas Cannon, rushed at him
with knife, threatening to km him.
Both of the boys moved away but the
light from the match had revealed blood
on Cannon's hands and on the ground
about the place, and. realizing that some
thing ought to bo done, one of them,
who saw that Cannon was intoxicated,
a^ked him if he wouldn't like to have a
drink He replied that he would, and
Kelley told Cannon that he would go and
bring him oae.
Cannon assented and the two. boys at
once started down the street to look for
an officer. They notified some men at
the Phoenix Restaurant and in a few mo
ments a crowd was at the scene. JThey
found the man whom the boys had heard
groaning to be Hugh McGuire, a miner,
and he appeared to be suffering greatly.
A hack was procured and the Injured man
was laken to the hospital, where he died
two hours later. There were several cuts
on his body, the fatal one being a terrible
knife wound In the groin. Cannon was
not arrested until Monday, although he Is
said to have boasted In a saloon shortly
after the wounded man's removal to the
hospital, that he had "fixed McGuire."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Thomas Cannon Brutally
Murders Hugh McGuire .
at Yuma.
DRAGS DYING
VICTIM AROUND
BY THE HEELS
Disaster to the Recently Constructed
Municipal Plant at Santa .
Clara,
SAXTA CLARA. Jan. 5.— The holder
and surrounding tank at the recently
completed municipal iras works lie scat
tered over an acre or more. The tank was
being tested and ' was filled to the top
with water. Its capacity is 165,000 gallon?
and that volume of water suddenly liber
ated by bursting hoops rushed in every
direction, carrying the staves with It.
O. S.'Rclph. engineer at the works, was
at the upper edge of the tank and haJ
Just turned off the water when he hear»l
one of the great hoop^ &nap. He ran alon£
the footway to the corner of the gas gen
erating house and leaned twenty feet to
the ground uninjured as the great wooden
tank collapsed. The steel inner tank o: %
holder was at the top of the frame and
came down with a crash on the floor of
the tank, crushing the timbers and tilt
ing to one side, battered and broken. IJ.
will cost $10,000 to repair the damage done,
as the tank will have to be entirely re
built and the steel holder must be takei
apart to permit the work to be done. !
The delay Is unfortunate, a* It was ex
pected that the works .would begin sup
plying the town with gas next week.
Contractor Lowe, who Is at I/ong Beach,
was telegraphed to immediately. He ha*
had supervision of the work or construc
tion and it was expected that the plant
would be accepted by the Board of Town
Trustees In the near future.
The oil storage tank twenty feet from
the holder is set Into the ground with
room at the sides for a coll of steam plpc-q
to keep the oil at a certain temperature.
Into this space the water from the large
tank rushed, raising the tank from its po
sition, breaking inch pipes like sticks of
macaroni and twisting the framework in
such a manner that it also will have lo
be rebuilt.
GAS-TANK COLLAPSES
WHILE BEING TESTED
PACIFIC GROVE. Jan. 5.— This being
the last working day of the Pacific Grova
Students' Conference, which will finish
its sixth annual session in this city to
morrow, a large amount of business was
crowded Into It. The lir?t hour was devot
ed to a final conference of the presidents
and secretaries of College Young Men's
Christian Associations who are present at
this convention and after an address by
E. T. Colton, international college secre
tary of the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation, the other members of the confer
ence discussed with Mr. Colton the many
problems that alway3 present themselvts
to leaders In the course of the college
year.
The day's Bible classes were conducted
as usual and at their close John R, Mott
of New York, general secretary of the
World's Student Christian Federation, ad
dressed the day's public session on "Jesus
Christ as Our Pattern." Before the
speaker began the. conference quarte*
rendered "Angels of Je&u3" in a pleasing
manner. Mr. Mott's discourse was a con
tinuation of the general theme which he
has been following during his presence at
this convention. Speaking first of Christ's
preparation for his work among men he
then passed to the methods used by the
Great Pattern in his evangelistic, life and
which are as applicable and us«ful to
day, declared the speaker, as they were
1900 years ago.
, , -To-day's association conference was ad •
dressed by E. T. Colton and by Robert L.
Ewlng of the University of Washington.
This exercise closed the morning session.
•: Instead of. the customary "life work
conference,"* the students who have
chosen their careers spoke this evening to
the other delegates, each telling how he
had chosen and why. There are seven
of these men. all of whom have joined the
great Gtudent volunteer movement and
nave . determined to go Into the foreign
field to carry on Christian work, not only
as preachers, but as physicians, teachers,
translators, etc. Five, are from Califor
nia colleges: one, George W. Leavitt. ia
traveling secretary of the student volun
teer movement, and another, C. V. Hlb
bard. Is from the University of "Wisconsin.
Coll«ge Men at Pacific Grove Make
Good Use of the Closing
Hours.
LAST WORKING DAY OF
STUDENTS' CONFERENCE
All day long people watched along the
beach for the unfortunate young man's
body, but it has not yet been recovered.
Moran was a popular young man and
had many friends In this county. He
was the third son of Patrick Moran.
A number of persons in time past have
lost their lives by being washed from the
rocks at this same spot. The breakers
are the most treacherous along this part
of the coast.
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 5.— Martin Moran.
son of a wealthy Santa Cruz farmer, was
drowned yesterday at Black Point, the
cliff which projects into the bay at the
end of the Twin Lakes beach, near Santa
Maria \ del Mar. Michael Corcoran, a
neighbor of the Morans, passed the young
man a short time before the drowning. A
few minutes later several men, who were
on the veranda at the HoteL del Mar, saw
Moran walking along the treacherous
cliff. They saw him slip and fall and the
next moment h© was carried down by a
heavy wave. He struggled and clung to
the rock, <but another large wave washed
him out and he was not seen again.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Spectators on the Veranda at the
Hotel Bel Mar Witness the
Unfortunate Young
Han's Death.
HIS BODY IS NOT RECOVERED
Wave Washes Martin Moran
From a Cliff Near
Santa Cruz. \
LOSES HIS LIFE
IN THE BREAKERS
AT BLACK POINT
Mrs. Ruff is said to have had some
money when she married her husband.
It was her money that brought them to
this country and purchased the dairy
property. The fact that she had been
locked in her room has caused the addi
tional theory to be advanced that she
was to be mado away with. Since the
flre her husband has practically deserted
her. He has not gone to see her, nor
even Inquired after her. He had got all
of her money. Her attorneys declare
that the husband and his brothers tried
to persuade her to send to Germany for
pome money she had there. This she re
fused to do. The insurance had been
turned over to his brothers, and It Is said
Mrs. Ruff's name was forged to a- letter
relinquishing all right to it. The fact
that she stopped, the payment is believed
to have caused her arrest.
It is said the Sheriff's office Is In pos
session of evidence that shows one of tho
Ruff brothers was in the vicinity of the
house shortly before the flre started
William Valdez said to The Call cor
respondent this evening that he was-- sat
isfied: the house had been set on flre nnd'
he believed Mrs. Ruff had done It. Two
«lays before the flre, he said. Ruff brought
home a five-gallon can of coal oil or gaso
line. This, he believes. Mrs. Ruff used
to fire the building. The flre burned «<o
rapidly that it must have been fed by
oil or gasoline. He declares Mrs. Ruff
and her baby were outside when he and
the husband rushed from the barn at the
"alarm of fire, nnd that she was not
dragged through a window by. himself or
Ruff.
This statement about gasoline having
been used coincides with the storv of tho
flre told by Ruff and his wife: They de
clared a gasoline stove had exploded and
burned . the house, but an Investigation
showed there was no gasoline stove on ths
place. If Valdez can substantiate his
story it will undoubtedly connect the
husband with the starting of the flre. Ho
It was who brought the can of gasollna
to tho house, and that Ruff should buy
it when they could not use It and after
ward attribute tho flre to an explosion of
gasoline Is suspicious.. . ¦¦¦
Carl and Jonas Ruff were released on
ball this evening.
Conrad Ruff, her husband^ yesterday de
clared to Dlstric" Attorney Campbell that
he had locked Mrs. Ruff in her room on
the morning of the flre when he went out
to milk the cows. He gave no reason for
doing so, except that she was afraid to
remain alone. In trying to account for
the conflagration he said that at 2:30
o'clock that morning he got up and re
plenished the flre in the cook stove In or
der to prepare some food for the baby.
He declares Mrs. Ruff and her baby were
outside when he reached the burning
house. This is denied by Mrs. Ruff, who
says that either her husband or the hired
man helped her through the bedroom win
dow.
The placing of the four children In a
single room for the first time and the
locking of Mrs. Ruff's door so that she
could not enter any other part of the
house point to incendiarism. It is be
lieved that the bunching of the children
together was done so they could be read
ily rescued. The tlnder-like structure of
the houee was evidently not considered
and It burned so rapidly that it was im
possible to rescue the little ones.
Mrs. Sallie Ruff, who was arrested yes
terday on complaint of Carl Huff, her
brother-in-law, who charged her with the
burning of the house and the murder of
his nephew, Carl Ruff, one of the woman's
step-cnildren, was arraigned In Justice
Rosenthal's court this morning. In her
arms she carried her four-weeks-old baby.
Many spectators had been attracted by
the case and were present. Attorney J.
B. Kerwin and Karl Klein appeareu as
counsel for Mrs. Ruff.
After advising Mrs. Ruff of her rights.
Justice Rosenthal set her examination for
January 14 at 10 a. m. The Justice said
that as the presumption of guilt of the
defendant was not very strong, and as she
had a small baby to care for, he would
release her on her own recognizance. At
torney Kerwin having pledged himself to
produce her in court when wanted.
Mrs. . Ruff, who had spent some time
in consultation with Sheriff Langford and
District Attorney Campbell, then swore
to a complaint charging her husband. Carl
Ruff, his brothers ana William Valdez
with arson. While this is the specific
charge, it is intimated that it will be fol
lowed by those of murder and conspiracy
to defraud an insurance company. Con
rad Ruff was taken into custody at the
O'Connor Sanitarium and his brothers and
Valdez were arrested at their homes,
north of San Jose. Bail was fixed in the
Bum of $5000 In each case. They were
arraigned before Justice Rosenthal this
afternoon. Attorneys Oneal and B. A.
Herrington appeared for the prisoners.
The date of their examination was not
set, but it probably will be January 14.
A theory that is advanced by some of
the officials is that the fire was the re
sult of a conspiracy to defraud the insur
ance company.. The contents of the
house had been Insured in the Girard
Company of Philadelphia for Sli'jQ. This
is believed to have been two or three
times their value. It is not believed the
death of the children was contemplated,
but rather that this was an unforeseen
calamity. The sadness of the case and
the sympathy of the community for the
Rufts caused the^lnsuranca company to
waive Its right of delay In payment. The
draft for $lu00 had been drawn and for
warded, whens Mrs Ruff had the pay
ment stopped, as her husband had trans
ferred It to his brothers. .w». ¦ -_. .. ,
While the evidence the,. officers have
connecting' the accused : men with the
fatal fire nas not been < made "public. It is
believed it will dean 7 Mrs. "Ruff of the
charge against her. ..:.* % .. .". :• ".' "-'
SAN JOSE, Jan. 5.— SenBatlon Is follow
ing sensation In the Investigation of the
burning of Conrad Ruff's home on Decem
ber 22, when four children perished In
tho flames. Conrad Ruff, his brothers,
Carl, L>udwig and Jonas Ruff, and Wil
liam Valdez, the hired man, were arrested
to-day on charges of arson. The com
plaints were sworn to by Mrs. Sallie
Ruff, th« wife of Conrad Ruff,. who yes
terday was accused of murder and arson.
She was prompted in this move by Sheriff
Langford and District Attorney Campbell.
Evidence, though somewhat contradic
tory, is accumulating to show that the
'flre was incendiary, and the officer* feel
confident that when the affair is sifted
to the bottom the guilty .person will be lo
cated.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Complaint Charges Them With
Having Started the Fire in
Which Four Children
Perished.
HIS BROTHERS ARE IMPLICATED
Prefers Counter .Charge of
Arson Against Her
Husband.
ACCUSED WIFE
CAUSES CONRAD
RUFF'S ARREST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 6, 1901.
th© Ble Creek Power Company. Then*
are more than eight thousand acres In th >
ranch and It Includes the hairnet, hotel
and wharf franchise of Davenport, up
the coast. Owlns to the changro of owner
ship, the Santa Cruz Lime Company has
been reorganized with officers as fol
lows: President, J. O. Packard: vice
president, F. W. Bllllnjrs; secretary. J- E\
Coope-: treasurer. W. T. Jeter; superin
tendent, J. "W. Forgens.
16
Bankrupt Sale
THIS SALE COMMENCES
—MONDAY MORNING-
JANUARY 7, 1901.
J [___
i . i- - ' - - . —
You can have your choice of any article
displayed in our west window, comprising
SHIRTS, DRAWERS, HATS, TIES, Etc., for
20 cents:
And in our east window your choice of
any SUIT or OVERCOAT for
$195
fill JBj f Bvvtt E34 Qff mtu TMtiJnW man VMH 9u HM I j m^n 4f~J
Always the Cheapest!
915=-Market Street==915
SAN FRANCISCO.
WE CLOSE AT 6 P. M., EXCEPT SATURDAYS.
ADVEBTISEMEHTS.
Bad way's
Purely TereUble. mild and reliable rian
perfect dlseatlon. corcplet* absorctloa aad
healthful rerularlty.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach
Ltw. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. FemaSir-
reruJarlttes. Sick Headache. Bluooaneaa. Con-
st! paUon. Pllea and all deran«em«nta of tha
Internal VlaceTa. I3c a box. At Drug (tit*. «£
by malt KADWAT & CO.. NMrySk"
C0LD3
Influenza— Cold in the Head
Is an Inflammation of the lining mem-
brane of the nose. Commences with ting-
ling, itching and dryne3s of the nostrils;
followed by a v:a.tery or mucus discharge;
frequent sneezing; dull pain and sense of
weight in the forehead; Increased secre-
tion : of tears; occasional chilliness and
fever."
If not arrested the Catarrh spreads to
the throat and - respiratory organs, at-
tended with : Hoarseness, Sore Throat,
Tickling Cough and Oppressed Breathing.
Checked Circulation, the cause of near-
ly all "Colds, produces these symptoms.
The Use of "77". starts the blood tingling
through the. veins until It reaches tho ex-
tremities,- when the feet warm up and the
Cold is broken. At all druggists. 25c, or
by mall.
..New pocket edition of Dr. Humphreys* Man-
ual of all diseases, mailed free.
Humphreys'. Homeopathic Medicine' Co.; ccr.
William and John sta.. Kew York.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
§ Second WeeM, Great January Clearance Sale!
gs To-morrow marks tho beginning 1 of tho second week of our Annual January -^
2£~ Clearance Sale. We shall make the same conspicuously memorable by :^2
ZZ placing on sale NEW and FRESH lots at UNEQUALED PRICES. Because 3
£ we have In view an Immediate clearance of Fall and Winter Stocks, we 12
S= quoto these tremendous price reductions for the coming week: =^
I A GREAT CLEAN-UP OF SILKS. IMMENSE DRESS GOODS VALUES, i
Choice SI.OO Foulards for, 59c; Yard. 50c Plaids 25c Yard »«- lncl1 ah-wooi puu r»ress Goods, this =5
«»»- eludes all th» favored and much-wantffd deslpns and colorings, Iara -^vrw ~*m
Vticr?.^?*^?"™*.?^:.™^:.^ 59c Venetians and Broadcloths. SrtST^ESf S J5SSVE? 3
£ 75c Black TEffeta SPBfeSSiS&SSS b * ar K 31.50 Ya'ues for 98c Yard. W 2 r^**Z£p. 3
~- 48C Yard. relVat^c W a"d Ta^lV a pr"-r rtP VarJ 48C r ' gM a> ° nK at * l: * a >' aM - To close .'..Yard OCjC
R^r Rla^k FiPHrPfJ Th "" i are - 4 inchen wide and Fold all 75g Rlaplr GhefiOl fl ° P |ec *« «>-lnch All-Wool Black Cheviot: *^
»^ O3C DlflyR llgUICU Ollna eeaeon at S5o a yard. About ten dif- • J: w " luy 'J i "•"»•••'• you must personally nee It to appreciate -^
SZ R c r Y»Tf1 * fexent deM*™ to choose from; ' 48C TSrOi this b*raln; regular value. loc-AQs* -^
•^ 3wG UIU. a rood ueaiing Taffeta. To FlPt n iwuibiu. a yard. To clos» .Yard 4 OC -3
g- doe* Tard UO^
ZZ q oc * 7«!p and RRr PnlnrPil Tonr cho!c * ot •*«*» of the lead- S 1.50 BlaCK Venetians »v£i? c t, 8 £*- ln = h 1 * < ; k Venetians, an- -—
«P— DcSl lUC CIIU ODC UQIOICU i r . c F had-» in plain Taffeta Silk: a on. v«.J " "¦ool: & heavy, richly finished cloth; —^
jg Taffeta 65c Yard. SBC^dKSSS 65c 89c Yard ' g 1 STftX B « SSL.'^KSi 89c 3
E SI.25 Black Satin Dochesse E? h -^LSTSS^ feu?.: Rich Black Mstelasses, ££&£•# |f £Lon 8t b^ ££$" 3
89c Yard. a^&^SS^T^pfiSSi "«* "¦» «' *» *£. %™\r$£k?k WEfFkllzi 1
E On Sale $1,40 Yard. ffi|€^^fgl|3
H PHENOMENAL WAIST BARGAINS. EMBROIDERED FRENCH FLANNELS. EMBROIDERIES AT HALF PRICE. S
Ocx ftrtfl roller U not to carry * dnflt W i r^«. S n?5i 89fi Yard. 0 *, nee<n e w «*. made en substantial =5 !
g- cr« orer; therefore t2U. •xtraordlnary prlc« Sale Price UOU I QIUi. mat«rl»la, at M* reductions.
»- euttirr TJ»ea« exqulaite flannel a, «o popular *«___,,, . — — I
•— v ""~ & *' walsta. In fleer da 11s and polka, dot de- VUG EUluTO dfifV fdF lfll» Cambrlo Em- -+
Si tign: In colore of old roee. cardinal, royal. , w tMlu '«"U5l| IUI lUb. broidery Edg- =2 !
ZZ 9f!fr Wskfc t9 RQ Farh I***** TaS»- rray, cadeL black and white; regr- OQ/> »«f •, »ood qnallty; choice patterns. 3 to 12
\^Z OlIK fiai&IS a/. 03 C3Cn. taSUk Waist*, ular valne fl J8. Sale price.. Yard ¦ Ocf C * lnch«s wide; Insertion to match, fl /\/-» ~*
y~ tacked all orer frert, back and sleeves; SaJ« pric* Yard-lUC
mr— very fajrhlonabl* and perfect fitting: In col- _,. , _ .««.,. ORp PmhrnMaru tnr IO1« V a 1 n ¦ n nlc —^
T- «rs of old roee. turquoise, cerise, cardinal. £ dertfOWfl F aiine 29C Yard. 0C tmDf «lu6iy TOT IZsC. E irbrold- -Z2
fc: Mue. rurrie. white and black: elzes S: to uiubiuuhii 1 latllici cn\i mill. EdglnKs snlendld nnnlltv- <i?intJ
44; worth IS. 00. Pale rriee CO.6!- The re^ilar 45c Quality All-Wool Elder- s £ns; 3 to 5 lSche 8 wide^ Inser- « rt 1
fcl E&chOi down Flannel for lounjrlnjr robes and tlon to match. Sale P Hce Yard B "«C =S
WZZZ sarques. In colors of pink, blue, cardinal. „_ _ '""|-"' D1 " e price iara *.••„'•* -*o
tan. gray, lavender and black. QQr> AuR FmhrO iff PTV fflf l c f» Cambric Em- _»
% $7.50 WahU lor $3.98. WM """"" ~ &;»S~S"i| 8 '
»- Taffeta Watnts. handsomely hemstitched jf,2> fla^hmPfP FhnHPk I9(» YaTll Sale P r 'ce Yard IOC ~*
g— and tucked: b»shr>» and rtress sleeves; In lc »'' W«alllllCIC ridllliCla 1/0 IdlUi *j iara v^>* -—
SZ colors and Mark and white: all eizes; re*- A cranfl variety of these pretty flannels rUTc UlUW lOrC'Ofl L ? CeS and
«T- ular r.M walstt. Salepric*.... «?O.»8 to be cloeed out to-morrow. In choice color- , in fi •„-,," ",7«. II »? , I n Bertlonn; ZS
Each OO in K s and Prettiest designs. In «ripeg. dots. LI \ S v " r 1} e %* " e >» r * ttle8t Patterns: were
•_ scrolls and fleures; were 16 2-3c 1 Or Sale price Yard. yi c
yard. Sale price Yard I -&W '."I'"'. •-W ;^
Noreiti Wool Waists- S 1 ,; l vt%$* "if^ — Imitation Dushesse Renehsarce end
£ rSSri^ Bath Towels. Point rie Paris ZJ^J^a^ 3
E SMf??^&2SB2 ; S4i? SL r e%r!c; nif: rwlar *«?.£& 24c *"*• **•< *««Z—*™™ 49c
£ — P = 35c Veilings 19c Yard. M- =*
£ S5.00 Flannel Waists S2.69 Each. Sheets and Pillow Cases fU eat En SSSSr lB -oS'2 « S : Sff q i a^ : 3
Perfect !n e^-»ry particular; made of a °- uaml **' already hemmed, ready for use: prlc« Yard IcFV* -^
JZZ f.ne French Flannel, tucked ail cner front. K «*S0 -*2<? each 63i*0 *5c each 95C HSndkfirChlfifS IB^fi Farh 10 ° dozen Z3
Si back ana «leer»»; in all color*: CO6^ "2*90 5Oc each MxJK)....57Hc each *•"• nailUHBIWIIBI5 IOsU Mill. Ladles'
TT tiere K 00 To close Each O-^ • Pure Linen Hemstitched Handkerchiefs; —«
5= " v »r.« nr -^... very exceptional; with a dainty hand em-
5- EXTRA SPECIAL— broldered Initial; re K ular value $1.50 a box =58
Dress Skirts. iffiT TrV.S 8 ™?.^.?:.^.?^::::^$l™
fc SJr^S^J^JfS^/^^ .0 dozen PiKow Ca^ M x3«......15c each ClEhlBerB HOSB 23C Pair. 5 C°h« d ,are^ 3
ind'^OO^^I^prtc^.'.^f.^Eaci $2— Tahlfi 1 inPIl « Pieces W-lneh flne Table Cashmere Ribbed Wool Ho*e. fast blTck
S5— T^ ittMIB ulUClli Damask, bleached, a srood dye, double heels and toes; sizes 5 to 9^4; : 55
•— ' ¦ quality; resrular value J65c. Sale AAf regular S5c hose. Sale price OQr> "^ *
E Tjlllftr-Madp I« Oxford rray. with prlC * I T&rd tv'JSTi ¥* T\. —
E STS'SiSl 8 *^ %£Jr&£8 German Linen. Mr'a 1^ i a f les $l ' 00 Underwear 79c Each -
price n:-». Sa^e Price Each^»- g f „.„ „ wo nh § % J j^J^«Z3^&?1 »£?«*>
g- UJ&jaro. price iara \j**-~ all elses; gold before at |1.00 each. rrQ^, -*•
' SZ TahlP NankfnC SO aoxra All-Linen Nap- Sale price Each (^ :^J
A GREAT WRAPPER BARGAIN. iS%Sy n8 ,' a SSSS LININtTSAVTHeS
We are determined to close out every *¦*»»• U 75 a dozen. Sale price ej-35 pnEMIFR SKTRT TTVIvr- =3»
5^ Wrtrper tre have: these rrlcee will do It: Dozen €D 1 , 7/Li.M. J?. il i, HI N S ;
M dozen Ladles- Wrappers, very ityllshly ., a dependable wearing quality: the, 20c -—
S= made of German Eiderdown Flannel. !n ! fnon NaDklliS doBen flne Llnen Nap " ' w 3 br ? wn - STee , n -
SH rn-tty etr-.pes. in the best colorinpi: nlcelv LUICI1 nfl H RI " 5i kins. full sire. extra red. pray new blue turquoise, purple.
¦f- braided, extra length aad width, lined heavy, all new designs; worth CJ.H5 tan and black. Sale price 1 Of» Z2t
IZZ throughout waist; were eold before at J2 T8 dozen. Sale price Dosea *J> 1 — Yard a^,^. -^a
JT" one price Each O » TnmfnriprC 13 dozen larce size Bed Com- lIClIUIl CdtCCll TVdlOl Lining ors , : r,. KU . "-•
2E= UUUUUIlCia. forters. filled with pure white i ar value 25c a yard. Sale price 1O>»
—— " cotton and pr»tUly covered; regu- OSJr» Yard IOw "¦"¦»
£ $1.50 m $1.25 Uffltf Flannelette ™/Y1£" H _ 1 S^U^Si^i
C= GnWllS 9fiC FaCh bSuSpreaaS. Spreads. full size, choice > ard - Sale price IDC 3
"T" nUlliJa SOU Lfltll. ««±tern«- worth «1 50 Sale orlc* <T* 1 in Yard IC/k/ "^J
S= XB crren Isles' Flannelette Gowns, in f^" ™. "... *I^. ...*.... ....„..! Each $I_ Jt lnch: r^ Ular Value *' 3C - Sale ft^C
\T~ very pretty stripes, made of best quality prlce TariJ "V^ ""2
•— E=«t!!sh Flacnelette. henvtltched anfl lace Whltfl Riankptc 150 r* lrs All -Wool Call- 500 boxes Black Cube Pins. Speclal..5c box — m
trlwmefl collar* and cuffs, extra length and flUllC OlallRClOi fornla Blankets, extra 15c French Tooth Brushes. Special.. .Oc ea '^g
£^ full width; worth J1.2S and tl.50. QO/-» large size and heavy weight; CQ-"* 15c Children's Black Hose Supporters.. !^S
Sale price Each tjOs* worth $3 00. Sale price Pair «DO Oo pair — »•
£ SALE OF COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. LADIES' =3
¦^— ~ A t.» rl^sea out; your W^^^ '^^^^fcl*r»__ trlmmul with wash _«
¦> ' * "^^fflBWly^ _^^^»^H^BP^ braid: prpat value at '¦
y*~ enolc* fc^*xL.^^Baai^ ——-——»- M»«Mf7^Cr«_Mp^ "•' c - a le price ZZ»
ATVirFrR.TT gl * m w.MifL
1 B. KATSCHINSKI, I
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. 1
tj 10 Third St.. San Francisco. .]
i CLEARING THEM OUT II
I BEFORE STOGK-TAKINB. |
in Every year a» this tlms we clear out I
n all our broken ilnea before stock-taking:. H
fj They must b^ sold and we a*ll them fc3
IB regardless of cv.sr. Special — Ladles' flne K
il lace and button shoes In Viet Kid — IS
tfj patent leather kangaroo calf— and Box tj
5J Calf, with coin Of square toes and tips, n
H hand-turned and han<t-welte<1 soles an<1 6
3 cloth or kid tor..--, will b*- sold at iMJl.* £ 1
D a. paJr; formerly sold from S3.m ?.> $5. no. 1
N Hemember we have every width and K§
1 stze In some style, but not all sizes El
H In every style. i}
p SPECIAL FOR CHILDREN-Brokea 1
Pi ltnea la Lace and Button Sho««. kid or 4
SI intent leather, with vestlna* top*. 1
¦ turned aoles and vprtn* heelj. mad« by "4
m Laird. Schober ft Co. and J. & T. Con- |
H *lns: widths A to E, sizes i to 8. Re- j
Hj duced from ll.CO to 05c »
m Wo do net guarantee to fl!l country L
H crdera. £
M >.*QTICE— Th!* store closes at « p. rn. i
j and will continue to close at that hoar I
H PROVIDED ALL OTHEIl SHOE 1
U FIRMS WILL JDO THE SAACC i
I PHIUDELPHiTSHOE CO. |
I ' 19 THIRD ST. San Francisco. |
APV KK.TIMfiBinfilMTM.MARSHAL REPORTS
ON TARRANT FIRE
Building Contained Tons
of Dangerous Chem
icals.
The report shows that the Bureau of
Combustibles did not grant a permit for
the storage of chemicals in large quan
tities, but granted a permit for the stor
age of chemicals in small quantities.
Mr. Seery said that the investigation
showed that the whole building was given
to the manufacture of drugs and storage
cf chemicals. On the fourth floor were
stored thirty-flve tons of chlorate of pot
ash. "100 barrels of roll sulphur, 44 barrels
of flour of sulphur, 55 kegs of chlorate of
potash, 165 kegs of nitrate of strontium,
CO kegs of nitrate of potassium and other
chemicals.
NEW YORK, .Jan. 5.— Fire Marshal
Seery, who in connection with Assistant
District Attorney Walsh has been Inves
tigating the fire and explosion at the
building occupied by Tarrant & Co. In Oc
tober, in which seven persons were killed
and several buildings destroyed and oth
ers damnged, with" a loss of $1,000,000,
made his report to Fire Commissioner
Scannell to-day. The report concludes:
"In view of the loss of life and the de
struction of property. I respectfully rec
ommend that the testimony taken be
transmitted to the District Attorney in
order that he may aid us in determining if
there is any criminal neglect on the part
of the Tarrant Company. 1 '
WALTHOUR WINS
SIX-DAY RACE
BOSTON, Jan. 5.— In another of the
cyclone iinlshes for which he is famous.
Bobby Walthour of Atlanta, the South
ern champion and the seventy-three hour
world's champion, won the international
six-day bicycle race at Park Square Gar
den, which ended tb-n'.ght. ( He did not
let himself out until ' the last lap, and
when he did it did not seem as if any of
the others were riding at all. Willie
Stlnson of Cambridge came in second
place, while Archie McKachern of Toronto
waa third. .The distance was 1099 .miles
2 laps. The final score, at the end of the
sixtieth hour, was as follows:
Walthour (leading by two lengths).
1099.2; Stinson. 1099.2; McEachern, 1099.2;
McLean, 1099.2; Fischer, 1009.2; Kaser.
1099.2; Downey, 1099.2. Babcock and Mul
lerMeft the track after the fifty-ninth
hour so the leaders could be given as
clear a field as possible. Among the
most sensational features of the day were
the gaining of laps by Babcock and Mul
ler during the evening. <
The riding has been uniformly good and
wa8 marred by no serious accident. There
were fully .10,000 ¦ people in attendance
during the evening.
Babcock and Muller.who left the track
after the fifty-ninth hour so the leaders
could have a clear field, had scored 1081
and 1071 miles respectively.
Crosses the Line in One
of His Famous Ojclone
Finishes.
THREE WORKMEN
INSTANTLY KILLED
Powder-House of Repauno Chemical
Company at Thompsons Point
Blows Up.
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 5.— A frightful
explosion of powder occurred in the
powder machine house of the Repauno
Chemical Company, whose works are lo
cated at Thompsons Point, N. J., on the
Delaware River, three miles below this
city. The building was demolished and
three workmen in It at the time were
blown to atoms. They were:
OLIVER McIbVAIN. Glbbstown. N. J.
WALTER WHITE. Gibbstown. N. J.
JOHN KIRBT, Thoroughfare. N. J.
• • Several ' workmen In other buildings
were hurt by the fore* of the explosion;
but none seriously. ,
; _ m ¦
To : Make 3>octinients Public.
WASHINGTON. "Jan. 6.— Senator Bacon
to-day introduced - the following resolu
tion : ; "Resolved, by the Senate, that any
and - every -. public - document, paper or
record of any department ot the.Govern
ment to any . subject whatever
over, which 1 Congrress has any - grant- of
power, jurisdiction or control under the
constitution ' is subject to the call or . in
spection ' of the Senate for. Its . use la * the
exercise * of its constituional powers - and
jurisdiction." The resolution went over
for further consideration.
Lab an Sceerce.
WILLOWS, Jan. 5. — Hon. . Labfui
Boearce ' of 1 Orland dkfi last night *t 10
o'clock. He was a pioneer, having come
to California In 1S49. He vu 77 years of
axe. -.- • '¦¦::-:-;' .- ; r- i -: -~; . .. ¦ •
States Consul at Bombay has forwarded
to the State Department tho following let
ter from Lord Curzon, .Viceroy, of India,
in which he expresses his appreciation of
the contributions made > by the American
people for the relief of the famine suffer
ers of India: .- - . -:«/.,
VICEROY'S CAMP. Nov. 23,. 1900.
Dear Sir: The Viceroy ha* th« greatest
pleasure in adding his testimony to that which
he understands you are »endlne to the Ameri
can people as to tbe ' iznmsnse value of the
contributions that havo been made by the
American people to the : relief of th« recent
Indian famine. "Whether these contribution*
have taken the form of . money or clothing or
grain i they I have ; sprung ..from the noblest of
human sentiments, ¦- viz. : • -The feeling for suf
fering manhood and the recognition. of a com
mon aid between the two great branches of the
Kngllsh speaking race, and they have exer
cised a positive and material influence in thc
mitigation of the greatest' calamity. with whtob
India has been afflicted for many years.
I am, dear sir, yours faithfully,
WALTER LAWRENCE.
¦ Private Secretary • to the > Viceroy.
Th« Hon. . Mr. * William T.< Fee. United States
. Consul, Chairman of the American Indian
- Famine Relief. ' ,
¦¦' . .'• ¦ .. ; ¦¦ ¦ • '
Bicycle Thief Sentenced.
LOS ANOBLBS, Jan. 5.— Glan Russell,
an 18-year-old boy, who pleaded guilty to
having stolen a bicycle,. was thia morning
sentenced ? by Judge : Smith ¦ to five years
in San Quentin. An officer. took him north
on the noon train. .T:iMHin8MttHHE"SSMl
Expresses His Gratitude for the Con
tributions in Aid of the Famine
Sufferers.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5.— The United
VICEROY OF INDIA
SENDS LETTEB OF THANKS
3TQ BEWABS FOR THE
CAPTURE OP CBOWE
Con-riction Hot Necessary to Secure
the Money Offered by Uil-
lionaire Cudahy.
OilAHA, Jan. 6.— A specific reward of
$13,000 is now offered for the arrest of Pat
Crowe ar.d ngthlng is eaid In the offer
•.bout conviction. The police to-day pre
pared and are sending out 6000 circulars
bearing: a picture and minute description
of Crowe. They will be sent broadcast
aad will also bear the description of two
other men t-rid a woman supposed to b«
connected with the Cudahy abduction.
The offer for Crowe is made uncondi
tionally, the arrest and delivery to the au
thorities being the onlv requisite for se
curing the reward. This will allow no
excuse for any one refusing to turn him
over os the score that he cannot be con
victeo. and the police expect this will
greatly assist in securing his arrest. The
offer has the indorsement of General John
C. Cowla, personal counsel for Mr.
Cufiahy. ¦_ _^
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5.— Senators Proc
tor and Burrows of the Senate Military
Committee had a. loi;«r conference with
Secretary Root at the War Department in
regard to the military situation in the
Philippines with special application to the
bill providing for an increase fcr the reg
ular army under consideration in the Sen
ate. Just before the conference the Sec
retary talked with a number of newspaper
men. In the course of the conversation ho
said there 'was no foundation for the
statement published in soim» newspapers
that he had predicted mat the troubles
in the Philippines would end with the
re-election of President McKinley. He ex
plained that he had always avoided th^
making of prediction* in. any matter and
he certainly had never made the predic
tion In question about ihe speedy termina
tion of the Philippine troubles. The near
est he had ev«r come to doing so was in
his last annual report to the President,
when he summed up tne military require
ments in the Philippines as demanding
60,000 men for the .-mmediate future,
though this number nr-ght be progressive
ly decreased by the restoration of order,
the creation of a. native police and the
use of native troops in place of Ameri
cans.
We should acquire peimanently an army
of about 60,000 American troops, he said,
and during present conditions In Cuba an-1
the Philippines about the present number,
100,000 would be required. In answer to a
direct question Secretary Root said thnt
final arrangements for the return of the
volunteers from the Philippines would not
be made until Congress had indicated its
Intention with regard to their replacement
by fresh troops.
One thing settled, however, wa*.he said,
that the volunteers broueht back to the
United States would be mustered out at
points as ri par trulr places of enlistment
as possible and not at San Francisco, as
was originally intendod. In explanation
of this plan of action he said it was based
on the experience gained in the muster out
of the volunteers at the close of the Spaji
ish war, when it was found that tho vol
unteers brought home from the Philip
pines spent all their money in places of
amusement in San Francisco and were
financially unable to continue the Jour
ney to their homes. II the Secretary
stands by his announced programme it
said that it will completely upset the ten
tative arrangements already made by the
adjutant generals and the quartermas
ter's department, which contemplate the
muster out of all the volunteers at San
Francisco and their transportation to
their homes as individuals at reduced rail
road rates. The plans reached a point
where the transportation companlii
had prepared a schedule of rates between
San Francisco and all points in the United
States.
Confers With Proctor and
Burrcw3 on Philippine
Situation.
ROOT IN FAVOR
OF LARGE ARMY
WASHINGTON, Jan. B.-Whlle the Sen
ate was in cession for more than three
hours to-day, little In the way of im
portant legislation was accomplished. The
committee amendments to the army reor
ganization bll! to which no objection had
been raised were agreed to, but none of
the contested amendments we're consid
ered. Dilatory tactics were employed by
Pettlgrew of South Dakota to prevent the
consideration of matters that would ad
vance the business of the Senate. A few
unobjected measures were taken from the
calendar and passed.
When the Senate convened the bill ex
tending the mining laws to saline lands
was passed. #
The Senate tfcen proceeded to the con
sideration of the army reorganization bill.
Proctor of Vermont, for the Military Com
mittee, offered as an amendment to sec
tion 22 thc provision Introduced by him
self yesterday concerning vacancies in the
position of chief of staff. The amendment
was adopted.
When the section of the bill was
reached providing for the appointment of
volunteer officers to be officers in the reg
ular army an extended discussion ensued.
Money declared there were many officers
in the volunteer army who were as clear
ly entitled, as gentlemen and officers, to
eommijssions in the regular army as ca
deta who, by hazing and by their testi
mony before investigating committees,
are to-day disgracing the whole country
at West Point. - ,"
The committee amendment providing
that volunteer officers might be appointed
to second lieutenancies was disagreed to,
thus restoring the House provision that
volunteer officers may be appointed to the
grade of first lieutenant.
Commenting on this part of the bill,
Daniel of Virginia declared that he wholly
disagreed with the committee which had
drawn the bill. As to the proposition for
the appointment of volunteer officers to
the regular army, Daniel said:
"It looks like a skillful piece of engi
neering by a regular army officer to keep
in the army many of the brightest and
best military spirits of the country. This
is the most prescriptive bill against the
volunteers of this country that has ever
been presented."
Daniel declared sarcastically that the
bill constituted a beautiful welcome to the
volunteers returning from the Philippines;
providing as it did that no volunteer of
flcer could look forward to any better
grade than that of the first lieutenancy
In the regular army.
Hawley offered from the Committee on
Military Affairs an amendment providing
that the President shall have the author
ity to fix the component parts of the
army ration. . It was adopted.
Spooner, at 1:45 p. m., moved that the
Senate return to unfinished business.
Allison, chairman of the Appropriations
Committee, tried ; to obtain consideration
for the executive, legislative and judicial
appropriation bill, but Pettlgrew objected.
Minor Changes Are Agreed
Upon With Little
SENATE AMENDS
THE ARMY BILL
The committee probably will finish lt«
work In Philadelphia Monday and will be
gin the taking of testimony of the cadets
at West Point on Tuesday. The commit
tee's examination of witnesses here and
The feuturc of the two sessions held was
the examination of Rev. Alexander Alli
son, pastor of the Bristol Presbyterian
Church, at which the Booz family wor
shiped. Dr. Allison delivered the funeral
sermon at the obsequies of Booz, In which
he made what the committee thought
were implied charges of severe hazing of
cadets at West Point. The committee had
newspaper extracts of the sermon read
to the pastor, which he pronounced as
correct. The members of the committee,
especially Brlgga of New York, tried hard
to have Dr. Allison go over the state
ments in the sermon. This, however, he
could not do, saying he based most of his
remarks on what the family had told him
and of what he knew of Oscar Booz him
self.
BRISTOL, Pa., Jan. 5.— The Congres
sional committee which Is investigating
the alleged hazing of Oscar Booz com
pleted its work hero late this evening and
wiy reconvene in Philadelphia on Mon
day morning. Most of the testimony
heard to-day related to Oscar Booz's men
tal and physical and personal character
istics. Every witness called spoke of the
high character of the young man. He
was considered in good health before he
went to West Point, and many persons
testifled as to his changed condition when
he returned from the academy. It was
also brought out that he was proficient in
his studies.
Howard Booz, Brother of the Dead Youth,
Tells What Oscar Revealed to Him.
at Philadelphia has heen most searching:,
and the Congressmen Way they will also
make the West Point Investigation a
thorough one.
Harry Lazarelle. Louis Spring: Jr. and
Albert Baker, companions of Oscar Booz,
were called In the order named. Eacli
paid a high tribute to the deceased youn*
m#n. Lazarelle said that Oscar told him
that upper class men ""had treated him
like a dog." Baker testified that he haJ
received a letter from Oscar in which h«
said several of his teeth had loosened as
a result of his fijrht.
Howard Booz. Oscar's young brother,
who became ill while testifying yester
day, was recalled to-day. Howard re
lated how he went to West Point to se-y
his brother, on which occasion he waited
thirty-flve minutes- and then had to leaves
without seeing- him on account of a storm,
coming ui>. Howard said he wanted to
come to West Point after Oscar had re
turned home, but the latter said:
"You will be killed If you do."
I>rigg3 asked: "Did Oscar In hi* resig
nation give as a reason falling eyesight
instead of hazing for the purpose of
avoiding notoriety?"
•'I think'he d!d,"~was~the" reply. "Ha
did not want to give th* place a ba3
name."
After William H. Booz, Oscar's father,
and Miss Nellie Booz, his sister, had testi
fied to a few minor dclalls regarding Os
car's Illness and hts school duties John
K. Wildman. president of me Board of
School Directors of Bristol. al3O testified
to the good character of the young man.
The committee then adjourned to me«t
in Philadelphia on Monday morning.
UPPER CLASSMEN'S CRUELTY
TO WEST POINT CADETS
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 5.— The feature of
th« debate upon the reapportionment bill
ta the House to-day was a two-hour
speech by Littlefleld of Maine in favor o£
the Burleigh bill to increase the member
ship of the House :o SSC. He had a num
b&r of sharp excr.anges with Hopkins.
chairman of the Census Committee, in
which he sustained htf reputation as a
hard-hitter and v:gjrous debater.
During the course cf the day Hopkins
expressed a willingness t 0 accept an
amendment to his bill which would give
an axidiuor.al BcprcKBtailw to Florida.
Colcrado and > r:.. DaK^ta. the three
i>u.:oa with majority CnctlVS? unrecog
nized in bis bill, lie claims assured vic
tory for his bill, but the &u»'.vau-s of the
Burleigh bill Insist almoet as connaently
th&t the Hopkuis 010 will be beaten.
Speaker Heiidcrswn was again d».tained
at :..= nome by ilhic»k and i>alzell pre
k.deu over the House.
The proposition ol the minority was,
LJiUencid said, that uo titate should iose
repifcbeniation undur the u«w Apportion
ment.
L>:iUeneia called attention to the para
coxes of Hopkins' system of computa
tion*. The bjsttm b.eaica UeaiKUtu, iiti
t>AiU, to play L.a.tticcore and sauiuecocK
witii the oiate ot jSi^.ne. "In it goes ana
out it toe*, ' said lie. "whether me rep
resentation toeo up or cu»u. '
"Xhe t<=:iiieiiian points out these alleged
paracoxes unuer tuc operation ot tne iig
ares ol uie i^ieetor oi tno Census." in
terposed liopiiir.s, "yet tnw Burieign bill
ia upon the sams process."
Aiur a. Baatper excaange icuu usual
wttb Hopkins ut cinur wa* ooiigea to
cfc-ll the ffeniieman to order ana to caji
iiiteauoa 10 t^«= ruie which provides tliat
the sc^Uenian on Hie Iloor tanno; ue m
terrupiva w.tnout iU*j coiiatnt ol me
cnair, «»i.u iu&o to the rule mat members
cannot uuuiess ea.cn other by the tecond
"'Aiie" gentleman has already interrupted
me about twciit>-iive unies in violation
of Um rult." observed .Uulenela, as lie
was itbout to resume. "Ana the gentie
rii^-i from l\ia.me na.s vioiattd the ruie
with rcicr«.-:ict to tiie second person about
lorty times,*" exciaimtd iiopKinh.
"'Xiie tciitlemiin is becomiiijj exceeding
ly techiiicai ana sensitive, " letorted L.U
tieiield. "1 will reier to him later in the
MCOttd person, ana loiter isuil i anticipate
mat he will nave smuuii suifioentiy to
permit me to rtier to mm iu u.c louitn or
liitii person, ai.U pernaps in the end I
tan eliminate uiui aitoiieiber." (.Laughter
and t;;..i.tc.j
jrToee^^sins Uttleneld argued that the
constitution in providing tor decennial
apportionment contenip»a.t.ed an increase
Ot membership until me House should
tecoiiie uiiwitidy.
Shaituck or Ohio followed Littlefield.
He lr.sUic-d that in making the reap
portiuuraent the representation ihouid oe
reduced in all States where th«* right to
vote is abridged. He claimed ten £tatas
abridged the suffraa* to an average of
i'J per cent.
klutz cf North Carolina, a member of
the Census Committed argued in favor of
tne Hopkins bill. He favored S57 because
lie thought the House was already large
enough, and because on that basis there
woula be no partisan advantage to either
party, either in th« House or in the
Electoral College*
Southerlaiid of Xebra*ka replied briefly
to ih« »*triciur«3« upon Nebraska and Pop
uiisra made by Hopkins yesterday. He
bald one had as well accuse McKinley of
bring responsible for the loss of a Repre
sentative in Ohio as to cay that Bryan
i*ki was responsible for a similar loss la
Nebra&fca,
Ltnney argued that under the oaths to
support the constitution measures on the
ita; p' rtionxnent must take cognizance of
th* a-bridgments of suffrage. He scored
ti:e Democrats mercilessly for their ac
tion. He was especially severe in hie con
demnation of their course in calling the
Legislature together last summer to past
a ; aw to prevent the issue of writs of
Sims (D.) «f Tennessee aeked if the real
c&use of the alleged crime recited by Lin
r.ey was not to prevent negro domination.
Linney replied that the fear of the ne
gro domination was pure "rot"; that all
pretext of such fear could be destroyed
by retiring all ofScers of the Stats and
county to five bond.
Basil of North Carolina asked Linaty
: r.e charred fraud in his district.
"How many iierroes are there in your
£:«trtct?" asked LAnney.
"I do net know, but the negroe* har*
not i majority," replied Small.
'•Then, replied Linney, quickly, "it 1$
poesible that you may have squeezed
through by leaving: hair on both sides of
the hole without stealing." (Laughter.)
The House at 5:20 p. m. adjourned.
Southerland Denies That Bryanism Is
Responsible for Loss of a
Representative la
Nebraska.
Representatives Look Horns
Over the ReappDrtion
ment Bill.
SHARP DEBATE
IN THE HOUSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, JANUARY 6, .1901.
Will Attend Barber's Funeral.
CANTON, Jan. 5.— President and Mrs.
McKinley are expected here Thursday
evening to attend the funeral Friday of
Jame* Saxton Barber, their nephew, who
died in Hongkong of typhoid fever while
on duty as paymaster in the navy. The
body reached San Francisco on the trans
port Grant and Is expected here to-mor
row. ... -,..¦¦.
Bullet Ends His Life.
STOCKTON, Jan.- 5.-Richard Laughton,
a water'front frequenter, committed sui
cide ¦ this afternoon in a saloon on the
water front by shooting:. , . ¦ ¦»..¦•
17
To Oare Every Form of Pile*.
Tbe only sure way to cure every form
of piles Is to use a remedy like the Pyra-
mid Pl'.e Cure, which is applied directly
to the parts affected, and its wonderful
healing effects are apparent from the firs!
application becauet its medicinal proper-
tics are rapidly absorbed right where-
needed by the delicate tissues and sensi-
tive membranes of the rectum- The cure
is natural and easy and almost before
the patient Is aware of It every trace of
piles has left him.
Tola la cne reason why the Pyramid
Pile Cur* haa been so uniformly success-
ful.
It Is In *uppository form, applied, at
night directly to the diseased parts, where
It is most needed, and not by the round-
about way of the stomach nor the harsh,
barbarous method of surgical operation.
Direct applications to the »eat of dis-
ease is the only common sens« cure, and
this is fully accomplished by the Pyramid
Pile Cur*.
If the voluntary testimony of thousands
le worth anything, then no sufferer should
delay in giving this splendid remedy at
least a trial, as it costs but SO cents at
any flniff store, and Is guaranteed abso-
lutely eafe and free fxom opiates or co-
caine, so commonly found In so-called pile
cure*.
Nearly every drupgtst has some favor-
ite pile cure on which b* can make a
Jarrer profit than he can on the Pyramid
»nd oftentimes to substitute, but when it
Is remembered that the Pyramid Pile
Cure is the only remedy for pil^s that ha*
a national reputation and is sold by every
drus-pist in the United States and Can-
ada, it means something: it means that
no remedy could do this unless it pos-
6fM?s«=-d positive, unmistakable merit.
The Pyramid Pile Cure has cured thou-
sands of sufferers from the different
forms of the disease, whether itching,
bl«*&ms cr protruding piles.
THE ONE SURE WAY.
ADVEBTISEMEMTS.
Our treatment gives vim. visror. \-i-
r^Si^ijgj^ tality, ? trength and ambition to men.
young or old, married or sinzlc. rcrard-
-*S«SS*riSHi^^ less of thc cause of their trouble. We
¦I .4* - master wasting weakness, etc.. quickly
and permanently.
»«%i]!In ¦?!£»%£? VZSl* 1 d u contracted dlseaae*. Including contajlous blood
«?lne b'adder 4tc ' ° CC ' rupture ' P il8s - <«s«ases of the kidney,
v 9ST/« rel ?^ le w* whI «* . have »tood the trylne test of time, are compounded
SSirK'nrQ pharmacists In our own private laboratory- FREE TO PA-
Our methods and appliances have proved, by thousands of actual tests,
to be superior to all other*. Our Institution Is the largest and beat equipped
and our practice the most . extensive.
The reputation of our Institution !s the" best. We are popular because
we cure our patients. .We gained our present high standing by curing dleases
and weakness, not only In tholr earlier stages, but those which had become
chronic and dangerous by bad treatment or neglect. Every member of our
EtanT has had many years' experience in hospitals, general practice and as
specialists in curlru? dleases and weakness of men.
We have long- been operating a successful home cur* system. Private
book for men, question list; advice, eta, free at office or by mall.
DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 M^^r-
ELEVATOR ENTRANCE. Hours — 3 to 5 Daily, Eieologs 7 to 8, Sundays 9 to If.
JSaS!!!, S !£ 2? U f$ §&&£&&&&§ B&S^* f^ffWStS^BS^ffM^ffS Men ' s Under-
the 'following popular sonK md instrumental X&B^ B \£s&F (SmsM M M CMV^bI^ Vttlf 00^9 W^if £? WiM£*22lB* i^iS}/(£a
F^... onip "l a .. M . c .! t ..'.::: f&G New Items From ihe Dry Goods, Suit and Cloak, Muslin Wear and Many Other Men's irgh grade Underwear, fleeced
•K^^^fflH^'S^SiK l /Departments. with pure Ok, ideal garments for
••since Tbtn ThS^BeSn " xo u*ht About Astonishing reductions have been made in prices that were the lowest in San Francisco — reductions to * e *"** ™ ho c*™ 01 wear wool,
• s^fr^v. close out at once -a wide range of merchandise that was bought for this season's selling, and that must, in ac- *°° d lo0^ made u»icrw«
¦•s€le£r u :"' cordance with the policy of the big store, go this season. The sales at The Emporium will be to-morrow's big- " r n " a on T^Z Y J.c Lmorrow
•x»e«^^e%dVro^"m E a^a-«« two- g e st bargain event. The partial list given herewith of ihe offerings of {Monday and the week indicate the liberality during the week. . . .
-bum rerSv-er p«.t." of our price- cutting to effect an early "clean-up" of surplus stock. t% &&C
Owersio&kGd SaBe of G® Sored Dross G toads. Special Sale Linens. January Fismitgare
£i*S!©id'& Owet*COatSm Speoial Clean-Up Sate for ihe Week. Nqw Items in the January Cfean-Up. g *G$eS&2t-$$p*"
\zo v»rd» of ci an! C4. inch All- Wool P. f af«# RaOk Skfrttna In our Linen Department there are many lines of which " j i r v j j r i
W-*i™^MM^ ° f « «" %S^w3K» "5 the varieties are not complete; many short L and odds and ] One-quarter to one-third less fcr hundreds of u.erul
YT^^S^M^^ff 1^^ u e pjpu:ar C0l0rS ' 8UcI ? aSbr ° Wn ' ° xf °? ' Cidet ~ « **** ««£ Thh week we continue the clean-up sale, offering and ncccssa /X hous.-fumishmg things 'that have been deeply
1 A^^^^^^MiL^^ SS± 5 i^ extra values in medium and fine table cloths, table damask! P""^ 1 f ° r thc gr«t Semi-Annual Clcaring-Up Sale.
J>*< •^£*/>- v /f^KtS^I&^i***'^** 1 and $2.00 per yard. Monday and during the week 5^ •"^¦•^ . Below arc four samples of money-saving possibilifes as they
-^ \ SsY-^tW£^M€ , 1 25 y« cf^ani 5S inch GnlfO Oiki QS— Stricry all wool remnants of toweling, etc. . . * TW~- nf .
>£rl fluia * k MA ' _( n0 shoddy or cotton make)— but made of high-grade yarn and fast Lfncn Tab O Cloths- 8-4, patterned borders, bleached all- CXISt now m thc * " rnlturc department.
/-"'^'^rvr^p^'jv 4r\*'l *^ c — * n a f P' en d'd assortment of co'ors — regular linen Table Cloths, 63 inches square, a Jl. 50 value, clean- C*-4 4*> BottrOOTlM Sst — A» Li
/I l\ /^"V ¦"*% S 2 -5° an 1 3F3 - 00 qualities — on sa'e Monday and up price. JpA»ilu cu: — 3 pieces, solid oak. 7=-s^i^T=»
/ fl \ &S*')F dunngth.week...... JPMb1&& Damask Fringe OfOthS-t A ««, extra fin. quality, *«". has .*4*3» .SP***gI|fef 1 I fe %\(?
\ \ MM.!/ 3<« yard! o f 44 ani 51-mch al-wool Gamei'S Hair PlaidS ttrictly all linen and a good $1.50 value, clt«n-up price... . ««1 1Q Frc ?, C^ P - """^i ° n * { U^**8*&*--% FA f%-4'\\
I \ \ BF&ZM ~ In ttyfon color combination, very suitable for school suts and tep- - JjI.lO welled tront, bed neatly U\s^-- l|— i* . Iff ¦' rV/ \ j)
'SJ EW^mSt «oft»oyawti?-i«p-i»-i— ¦¦."iJ--- T ft -*d.>*«f $!?':> ...... $23.75 ggHB
¦\j J z^CI%^!^&£t(vr handsom: no'.elti-«, on sile Monday and during week, if quantity — _. - . ¦ m m *rmn. * * \ -- F "^•'-'^ < *7 T. " •* *-T
VJ laa,* exactly h >l f^CO. * ButieHOk PfiffiOFMS T™1 Jg^fegfe^
I ,;/. «,^ 59.00 Parerns, now.... 94, 5O $1 5.00 Patterns, now. .#7 50 ?;¦-£--- f E»-^" !_,—.,
» n -J Sts^L^*^^^ $10.50 Patterns, now. . Sm23 117.50 patterns, new. . Q m 75 and! PubSlcsilons for February 1 r. N w uffijEJ *'
W % U - fl^fp^^^V ?"?- * 25 °° Pa "" nS ' n0W " W ' O ° On sale Monfay. Tho Fohvuary Delineator, price fe^fe^l > IP^^=U
. We arc quite heavily M3.50 P*»ems now.. 6.7a 1 S c a c. py, bv^sc%tbn |"oo per%", contain. , very compTete CMtd'S WiC^er GHb
N^^^ (_=— -J O\erstOCked With men S fine » : asscrtmsnt of 'the prevailing styles. The February GJ3SS Of I^^V^Sm^q^^^^S^J a fett - inchc* wide 4. fe t 6
Kersey and Covert Cloth lf^(T$£,TS&3&8]<Si HTl R*£jittgZ& i 'lff E$£&&3£ FiShivn. price 7 c a copy, by subscription 60c a year, is repete ¦r^V-U^'fe &> 'ct ; 2ffi9^ ; ~ », ", * • ;' ~ h
Hi! II Overcoats These hand- W*»ff*6jr»J tL$8~*&$fM1&B"$[ BW&WS with roilwinter suggestions for drr.s. February Fashion CT^^^ffir^l. inches Jcn5 ' " m p:ctuie; WOrth
If 1 some garments are made of HOW market! H^lf PriGG. *"**'* a " d Catalogues free at the Pattern Couuters. |». 5 o_saI C price..
strictly all-wool materials, To cose out the balan-c of our fine Yoking and a con- f* S »M*ng*4& B*M8*0G -*O%*& Golden Oak Sido board- '2
'^^^^ thc hnm S* and workman " siderab c lot of Dress Drapery Nets in all silk, we reduce f«*fif #"£*«£ «Sj FKi£gg& mW&Si As Dictated, fit:H wth ig X i 4 bch v*^5v
. c • . . , , S . P thc y ci7 bcSt that Can thcm for Monday and for the week, if quantity lasts, eX - M BB9ff%3c*aaB1i9CZ Fr ? C l &*' handso "! eh v carved
be furnished at our regular low prices. Monday and during ac tly OW*-ha'f. ' B-ZBa&MeUBFM&a "ji h's^y poshed; on= of the best W^^^^^^.
the week we ofFcr these overcoats at One-quarter The as^tmenrconsists of cutout taffeta?, embrotdered chiffons and Hundreds Ot rolls of new this season's productions in. JrieTjaTso^.'sTrc-^ <vTSc
Off In 3 rsgular prJCaS. mou«clines. braided duche«e, rucked chiffon, 45-inch Drapery Nets, popular makes of Carpets at extremely low prices. $&£.£j j3Jft^ Wk
Men'S All.Woet Kor^y nvo-noitm-lto*. tV^'u'Z"* now S1 S n i^^inS-Br^U weave, strong and durab£, a com- E»* m *l *d SccfS-AU »,, wi h
blick or brow.i; e;th r heavy tarmer siteen linings or «il< Hning: extra tl' oo eff-cs' no v 0O ' £2 00 effect' 'now «f nn P lctc lineo ' h * n<! » om; ncw P a «crns, regularly 45c per yard, now UV/V brass rods and trimmings, l^-i.ich postj, Sf^"~~ "*2i!»i
wrll mtde, p;rt"ect fitting; our rrgular $15.00 &*$•§ *& £2 * v' ' ' ** ' '1— 9'-"U JJWOStry BrU*SOls—Gooi quality, wool surface, V. n_ made of excellent irjn, wdl enameled, '^^^^ff*3l|»0t .
coats— "e'ew-up" fa'e prxe <r£P S E a £m W fintlne o-'p-stterns, hal andsta'r effects, regularly 6ocyard, now ftDC » _j^ 0 fag*gfe>^g^
Men's ASS- Y/O- 1 GoVirt GvrcoafS in all of WWSSSS fRStKSZSS* <*£«$*©«• All' WOK I tngriains- Heavy grade, in very strlkin- Pft S" T ~T^Z — fl" Or^^V^r^K
the popular shales, tlie . htist cut and sp'eniidy made, well-fittin<t . . * Ori:ntil and Person effect!, regularly 75c yard, now . JVC d7i~~$~^~^~V~f~%7~n W*Os\ tJ^Stw^t*
<":'¦ co $h «T r , COa '-' t' WC •"" r ' 6Ular:> ' f ° r && SB pSCla J reduch0H IOr one Week Oniy in the following sinford s Taawtry Brussots-Do^ extra quaUty, I^BSBWS
JH.50 - dean-up talc pnce <& *Jr C f*J *» papers: an immense assortment of th= newe.t styles, with or without 7^ K^lh4twP !l K>l«-P\ 1 T " " ' ' f * SSt *" l —S .
Boys' S»6m5O V**f*tn& SuftS $4-m98 — A special lot, Extra heary 12-inch Gilti, plain and embossed, v/ith borders and ceilings borders to match, this is the 95c per yard lO-wire grade, now lUt fw^T """ i — I I I l^s.'
ESQ^ss^s s $B&,mi&toi t s^i io '""" y soc p " to " e s& a]t pri - ihi ' 25g M''Mi A i xmi ? ¦ ti °w f tk ' m ' Piiffilliiii — - •- »=>' ~* -»?
: wMtesftonm^m^i**, P«. T .»i.h b.rd OT -jjg s- ft -= -*¦* »*• ««***'-4. «-« i7i GrooerJesandEJauors
ad rci ings to match; a large lot that has ju.t arrived from _, ' ' r ~ _ . *»
"*1 E&3fiT}&Bfffi*&*& the Eistern «a«or'e<; p-r double roll U&G Linen War S3 M tttingi— Doubly dyed, ar: design?, good A t DcparlmSnt StOrS PflGCSm
Z*SXJ!3UU#<sa^ 9&VMW7 whi . e B . ank| in good patttrn) and C0 , oringSj borfen and cciUngs {o heivy qua'ity, an excellent wearing matting, regularly 2 7 #c *\tl Standard TomatOCG- Good pack, Monday only, 4 tins
V^^v^wft (£**?& ff/r» match, tuimrrly 15c to 20c prr douV.e n gJI-a** a yard, now. U\t\, 2SO
WMfA i&SBS&m " ; 1» on sp ci»! aale this w«k VUO 3K6I bZG MaQU0ttO Rugs— S4«7 inch", & new patterns tf^ «Jfi C off eO—Ovx best Mocha and lava, on Monday only-
L.W fine Vici Kid Lace Shoes, doth or kid tops, -d coloring,, each $Z.OJ Jfe
1^^^ flexible sole, worked cye^'maie on a new,' <°™< h >P««^«* *^fi® MoquattO #tes-7«36 >™*«, •» standard tfj^ ,Q Q l g ( and V-li, ti™. .... ... \ 22o
!fe«P& modcrn hir » a ver y neat and drcss y 8hoe ' worth Window Shades. ¦ rattcins > choiCe colonngs> Mch 41O.U V Jsms antt jaiitos—i^ j«, pure goods, jar ; 1 so
%~>^¥?^9^ regnjarly $3.00 per pair, all sizes and c ._,, ,,.. , ¦ , . r l -^ Sni 'MX Rugs — Best a"J-wool, 60x30 inches, rich colorings, SnidCf'S Cat? UB— On Monday only, pint bottle* 200
'tSSss i 01. 38 3*S Bfe "••"'- Ssa "^* &std M8 -- eith $2.45 **«*» «»««iw-ii^*- **, .... to> ,* .
V__£3 ' ' " SS^^-§^«3^^sa^^SS5 " f «t?»H"'**y»rT 1 *J Kta -. I1 7" I f*$585 t^^M^M^^^^'^BsM
m '' -«. _. r rn _ t-K:? } ' W*^« .. «i 8O li eolcnnF?, an exceLent high grade, regularly each . . . .8 MOW 2SO
LadSo*' Storm Rubbers fro ™ BOo upward w§( R 5-^4x27 inches heavy fringed ends, J 7 5 n Stwe Polek-Khin^ Sun, large rixr, cake 6J
i±°RubS Sl^erSfT^^ V p a fn *s a*"l Varnishes w^$!J£J£Ll:* w gMf Jd»..' $3.35 ¦ ¦ too
Stcrm Rubten, made to nt over tne I \ , • ¦, Qhir&rttoiii 8 EiglO Ohooofato Cak« 23 O
new shape shces, will be on special V^-^"^ % A ' so at reduced prices — Lucas and Emporium Pa'ntS, Varniihes, Wood Splendid qualhy heavy Llnoteunt — Neat choice patternt, LP^ Rru nOB Choice quality," 5-lb tint .'.'.'.'.40O
tt'e Monday on:y, per *% \ = ~^$*-+^ Siains, Ensfnelg, Urushr;, Lincruita Walton}, MuraloWall Finishes, etc. V* T •quare yard ' *iuJV< p anC y GrBOkOrS —^g Bars arid Sultanas ft 14O
p^ sat^^ — — i- — . , : . . — : Gulden DUos-i-bT*^c*,tich '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. t2o
We SsBk®16n@s 7lo Yd. B °°^~ iHlE £^^®BCii|w SfaS? ;;: . ; S!
A particularly good 10c quality of \ard \nde Silkoline, in yiu i/u "« I^Cp^ 0 ** Zj- Ltehig's t-Jta.t Extract— Pr dcr-n $2 4O
pretty patterns for comforters and draprries, 5 different Gnc-Thfr>d {Si F* jJa^^H^B^*—^ -»_-B^«, i»S?^iS ™«* ? 1^ ** S "«* e S^- -«- V. H. O.n-The gfnu-ne per botfe §1.5O
colors, 1000 vards on sale Monday and during —I . Regiiir *^ WidtelliCllle W^S^^SfL^STo 35o Ib, On B ? ttiGd OlmrOt-t^k Letter brand, 3 yean old, quar , p«r
week, while quantity lasts. .[ # 2® Prices. CALIFORNIA'S I^RQEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE 3 lbs for $U WoodAtaohof-Q^n \^:V^.V^M^*?4&a
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.SUNDAY
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor
BONANZA— Subscriber, City. Bonanza Is
Spanish and means fair weather at sea,
prosperity; when applied to mining, a sud
den and extraordinary widening- of a pay
ing vein. Hence any successful enterprise,
particularly applied by Americans to min
ing-
SCOTCH SLOGAN*— Subscriber, Gold
Run. C&L The Scotch Blogan or rallying
cry has not been set to music for repro
duction en the piano.
MEN NEED NOT TRT-S., City. The
saying, "lien need not try when women
fail." is credited to Euripides, a Greek
tragedian who lived B. O. 4MMQ5.
THE KIIXING OF HERRICK-Sub
ecrlber. City. William Herrlck. cashier of
a branch of the Bavings Union In San
7ranci£co was ehot and killed at his
desk by William Fredericks, In an at
tempt to steal money from the bank.
WO1IAX SUFFRAGE— E. M., City. It
•was on the llih of December, 1S36. that
troman suffrage in Idaho became an ac
complished fact. At the election the of
ficial count showed that the amendment
received 11.106 votes for and 62S2 acalnst.
But as It had not received a majority of
t}ie 2?,C37 votes cast a question iraa raised
that the amendment had not carried. The
case west to the Supreme Court of the
State, which on the day named decided
that it had carried.
THE ROSETTA STONE— M. B. O., Oak
land, Cal. The so-called Rooetta stone
was discovered by a French, officer of
engineers In 1T?3 in an excavation made
at Fort Jullcn, rear Rose-tta. a city on.
the west bar.k of tne o?d Balbitic branch
of the Nile, about four miles above the
mouia of the river. It Is of black basalt,
about three end a half feet long by two
ti.d a half in width, and has upon its face
the trilingual Inscription la the hiero
glyphic, deraotie or enchorial and Greek
iar.fe-ux.ee, by whose aid a key was ob
tained to the interpretation of the ancient
hieroglyphs. It was set up 195 years be
fore the birth of Christ.
PAWN BROKER'S SIGN— S.. City. The
three bcils used by pawn brokers as a
Blgn were originally th« arms of the Med-
Jd family, the earliest and most lmport-
money lenders of L>ombardy. The
three balls were first used in London by
an agent of the Medicis and were after
wara copied by other* who went Into
the same Une of business, rtcscoe. In the
"Life of Lorenzo de Medici" <179S) tells
how the family adopted the three balls
as Its arms. Avwado de Medid. a com
mander under Charlemagne, slew the
giant Mupello. whose club, which had
three Iron balls upon It, he bore as a
trophy and in commemoration of this vlc
tory th« family adopted the three balls
as its arms.
TO BECURE ' A PATENT— M. H. M..
Montague, Cal. The proper Btep to take
to eecvr* a patent Is to engage the ser
vices of a reliable patent agent. An In
ventor who wishes a patent may act for
himself, but he takes the chances of
making a mistake that may cost him his
patent. The Patent Office fees, which are
exclusive of the attorney or akent's fees,
and which must be paid is advance, are
as follows.: On filing each original appli
cation for a patent, !15. On issuing each
original patent, $20. In design cases: For
three years and six months, ?10; Tor seven
years. $13; for fourteen years, $30. On
filing each caveat. $10. On every appli
cation for the reissue of a patent, $30. On
filing each disclaimer, Jio. For certified
copies of patents and other papers in
manuscript, ten cents per hundred words;
for certified copies of printed patents,
eighty-five cents; for uncertified copied of
printed patents, ten cents. For recording
every assignment, agreement, power of
attorney or other paper of three hundred
words or under. $1; of over three hundred
and under one thousand words, $2; of over
one thousand words, $3. For copies of
drawings, the reasonable cost of making
them.
PERSONAL MENTION.
TV. H. Wcscott of Sketchikan. Alaska. U
stopping at the Grand. He is here for a
abort stay preparatory to returning- to the
north.
George J. Apple, D. McGlllvery, Mrs. C.
Spencer and Miss May Douglas, who are
Interested in mining and business ventures
In Dawson, are registered at the Grand
HoteL Mr. Apple and Mr. McGlllvery will
return to Dawson In a few weeks.
William Brennan. formerly In charge of
the cafe of the Rainier-Grand Hotel In
Seattle, Wash., arrived yesterday In Ban
Francisco and registered at the Rum
House. Mr. Brennan will take charge of
the cafe at the Russ In the course of the
next week.
Mrs. W. H. Rice, Miss Mary B. Rice.
Miss Anna 22. Rice and Philip Rice, who
are prominent residents of the Hawaiian
Islands, arrived In the c!t5' yesterday from
the southern part of the State and are
sojourning at the Occidental Hotel. They
will leave In a few days for their inland
home. ¦'. ':', "¦¦•-
¦ ? ¦
CAUIOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW TORK, Jan. 5.— The following
Calif ornlans are In New Tork: Mrs. Ash
ley, at the Victoria: WJ F. Lelstler. at the
Broadway Central; J. C. Harron, at the
Imperial; II. M. Levington. at the Xor
mandle; H. Thorn, at the Victoria; F.
Longford, at the Hoffman; It. E. Xoble,
at the Grand Union— all from San Fran
cisco; H. Evers Jr., at the Ashland, from
Oakland.
• ? »
AMUSEilEN'TS.
Grand Opera-houe« — "Nell Qwyn."
Alhambra— "Old Jed Prouty."
Alcazar— "Nell Gwynne."
Columbia— "The Belle of New Tork."
Tivcll— ' -Cinderella."
Central Theater— "The Heart of Maryland." '
California— "Human Hearts."
Orpheum — Vandevlll*.
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets—
Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— TaoderllU every
afternoon and erenlns.
FlBcher'B— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple — Henschel Redtale
Tuesday, February 5.
Union Coursing Park-rCourBlne.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Races to
morrow. - ' -
AUCTION SALES.
By S. WatOiin*— Monday. January 7, at li
o'clock, Hed Froat Stables, at comer Sixteenth
and Guerrero itreeu.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
-Now that the storms have helped us to get rid of the ugly and dangerous advertising fences,
the \ Supervisors should maintain the advantage gained and forbid 'the erection of any more
nuisances of the kind. ¦ >
A recent student of affairs in Georgia says that wherever a cotton factory has been es
tablished in the State the Democratic majority has been reduced; and thus we see how one im
provement brings about another.
Cleveland has been telling the Democrats what they should do in the way of amending their
policy, and Harrison has been giving something of the same kind of advice to Republicans; so
it looks as if the two would, like to get back into the ring and show the boys what veterans can do.
IT IS like the opening of a new epoch for the presidency of the Southern Pacific to pass
to a stranger.
The original builders of the roads composing the system retained its management and
presidency until the last of them passed away. In that respect it differs from any other rail
road in the United States. Indeed, it seemed for years as though these forcible men Had estab
lished a business dynasty, that would long reign over the enterprise they founded.
They were identified in many ways with California, and had accumulated here the friend
ships and the enmities of long lives.
Suddenly, with the death of Mr. Huntington, all this Jong control ceased, and a new presi
dent comes to the State, a stranger, though no stranger to the railroad world.
His reception is pleasant, our people are glad to see him, and to know his ideas of the prop
erty he is to operate and of its relation to the welfare of the commonwealth.
His idea has been expressed in an interview, in which he said: "How will I run the South
ern Pacific Railroad — as a railroad or a political machine? Why, as a business proposition most
assuredly. The, road will cater to the people first; last and all the time, and no discrimination will
be shown; but I shall never forget that my first duty is to the stockholders of the railroad. A rail
road can subserve the interests of the people and at the same time be a money-making prop
osition. These two things I shall endeavor to do as long as I am president of the Southern
That is a well-balanced statement and has a rugged tone that will be appreciated.
The old days have passed away. The entry of the Santa Fe into the State has increased
railroad facilities, and the two systems have it in their power, by proper co-operation with the peo
ple and proper encouragement of production, to increase business up to their joint capacity.
President Hays will find U necessary to remove the impression which exists East that Cali
fornia transportation is a bar to the settlement and development of the State. Whether right or
wrong, that impression is widespread, and is an incubus upon our progress.
Another thing needed is a more general advertisement of California railroads in Eastern cen
ters. It is almost impossible to find, in hotels and other places where men congregate, any infor
mation about ~bur railroads. Their limited trains are supplied with literature which is seen only
by those who are going out of the- State, or by those already embarked to come into it. That use
of the economic, scenic and industrial literature of California has but little good effect. Eastern,
northern and southern railroads use hotels, reading-rooms and other places of public resort for the
dissemination of literature. .
California railroads are interested in the winter tourist travel, but information about our re
sorts is not circulated by them off their trains.
The summer and winter resorts in the Southern States from Virginia to Florida are adver
tised everywhere in the East by the southern railways and the Plant system. A tourist can find
in any hotel descriptions of every resort from the White Sulphur Springs to the St. Johns River,
with hotels and rates and the railroad fare. While President Hays is looking over his new field, in
which The Call wishes him a continuance of that remarkable success he has had heretofore, he mav
well devote some attention to this subject.
RAILROAD AND PEOPLE
NO OTHER thing is more important to the State than the education of its people. Higher
education in this country is provided, like common school training, at the public expense.
European authorities ascribe the rapid progress of the United States to the general educa
tion of our people. Trained minds in all departments of trade and industry produce better results
than untrained. The opportunity for all to be strengthened and fitted for duty being better here
than abroad, it is taken as a natural consequence that we are leading the world.
The American system of State universities is a powerful agent in this training. The States
in which they exist take a just and proper pride in their maintenance, and where they flourish there
is found, in business and the professions, a well-trained citizenship.
These considerations affect California, and should impress the Legislature. Our State Uni
versity, in its work and number of students on its rolls, has flourished exceedingly. The found
ing here of Stanford University has demonstrated that there is work enough to tax the energies
and resources of both, and that each is helped by the presence of the other.
But the resources of the State University are inadequate to the demand upon them. It has
the second largest enrollment of students iii the ynited States. Its increase of attendance in ten
years is 400 per cent, while its' increase in revenues for that period is only 70 per cent. Every year
it struggles with a deficit which has to be made good by some painful abridgment of its work,
or be carried on in a constant accumulation which will finally, like compound interest, eat up its
whole endowment. v
In this emergency the institution appeals to the people and the Legislature. It asks an in
crease of $100,000 per annum in its income. It is proposed to do this by an increase in, the State's
charge for granting articles of incorporation and by a tax to equal amount on foreign corporations
doing business in the State, and by a direct inheritance tax on real estate. In our judgment the
only objection will lie against limiting the inheritance tax to real estate. The reason given for it
is that the Federal Government levies a war tax on the inheritance of personalty, and not on real
estate, which is therefore free for the purpose proposed. The Federal war revenue law is, at its
worst, but a temporary measure, and its imposition may cease very soon. But even granting its
permanency, a small university tax on both real and personal inheritance will be felt less and will
cause less antagonism than a larger burden placed on realty alone. Besides the possible consti
tutional objection that a tax on realty alone would be discrimination against a form of property, the
owner of realty may well claim that he is being dealt with unequally and may make his objection
felt by the Legislature. Real estate cannot evade taxation. It cannot be sequestered at assess
ment time. Its locus cannot be changed. Being fixed and immovable it has to sustain its burden
of taxation. While this is true, it is notorious that personalty, being mobile, capable of sequestra
tion, nowhere is subjected to -its share of taxation. It is exposed in full only once in each gen
eration, and that is when it goes through the probate court in its transfer from the dead to the liv
ing. Then it must appear as moneys and credits, stocks and bonds, jewels and objects of art.
Caught at that point of transfer it cannot evade taxation and may properly pay for its past evasions
by yielding up a tax to support university education. An exemption of estates appraised at $10,000
or less would be proper, and so might be a graduation of the tax as the value of the estate rises.
This suggestion is made also in view of the fact that an increase of $100,000 per annum in
the university revenues will not long suffice. At the present rate of increase in the attendance
the necessary outgo of the institution will soon overtake it, and it will find itself again just where
it is now. Therefore only good will be done if the additional revenue should be found in excess of
present demands, for it could be added to the invested endowment, with the privilege of future
withdrawal as capital and use as income.
The people deal in a liberal and enlightened spirit with educational institutions, as
was proved by their decisive vote to strengthen Stanford University. They will not fail to in
dorse wise liberality toward the State University.
UNIVERSITY NEEDS.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... _... .. Mapket ond Third. San Frnnclsco
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Maniger
ALL who have read Filon's "The Eng
lish Stage" will remember that the
excellent English translation of that
excellent work was made by a Mr.
Frederick Whyte. who now appears
with a delightful book of his own entitle-J
"Actors cf the Century: A Play-'.over's
G>ar.!r.Fs From Theatrical Annals" (Bell,
London).
Tou will take notice that, unlike our
friend of last week, who discovered twen
ty-ftve "famous" actors living In th%
United States alone, Mr. Whyte ha?
chosen a most modest title for his book - ,
a title. Indeed, that implies something of !
en undervaluation of the subject matter
treated. Kernble. Mrs. Siddons. Kean the
elder. Booth. Macready, the Bancrofts, j
Fechter. Irvlrg an<S Torry— -these are the '
distinguished actor names of the cer.tury |
In Englar.d, end cf these Mr. Whyte
treats. ,
Of the six eras into Which, for conven
ience, the author dlvMes the histrionic
century, the first is that of the Kembles
OS00-1E14). When the cer.tury opened
Earah Kesnble (Mrs. Btfdcns) could look ]
back to nearly tv.enty years of triumph — j
a triumph won in the face of most bitter
dlscouragreraents, as wimess this char
itable notice by Horace Walpole of her
first London appearance: "She is a good i
figure, handsome enoush, though neither j
nose ncr chin arcordlr.it to the Greek
standard, beyond which both advance a I
pood deal. Her hair Is either red or slvrj
has no objection to its being thought so I
er.d had used red powder. • • • Her ac- j
tion is proper, but with little variety, and j
when without motion her arms are not '
genteel (!)" This was in. 1775 and It toolc j
Mrs. Kddons seven years more to con
vince people that she was not the fool
¦Walpole thought her. But she finally did
bo and In 17£3 Reynolds felt honored In be
ing allowed to paint her rs the Tragic j
Muse. Inscribing Ms carne upon the hem j
of her garment that thus he might go !
down honored to posterity. Her brother, j
Jonn Kernble, endured in his early days j
all the privations incident to the life of j
a. strolling player ar.d rose slowly to dis- 1
tinctlon only as his f-i;ter's glory waned, j
He had no use for new plays. "He made j
tip hi* rn'.nd early," Charles Lamb, j
"that Ell the pood tragedies which could I
be written had been written and he re- I
Bested ar.y new attemrts. His shelves
were full. The olfl standards were scope I
enough fcr his arcMticns. He ranged in !
them absolute and fair in Otway, fuli in ;
Shakespeare shone," • • • The most ;
vivid description of Kemble's actlns Is
that by Sir Walter Scott, with whom he j
had many a drinking bcut.
"He seems to me." pays Scott, "always
to play best those characters In which
there Is a predominating- tinge of over
mastering passion or acquired habit of
acting and speaking, coloring the whole
mac. The patrician pride of Coriolanus,
the etoiciem cf Brutus and Cato. the rapid
and hurried vehemence of Hotspur, mark
the class of characters I mean. But he
falls where a ready and r'iable yielding
to the events and passions of life makes
•what may be termed a more natural r>er
eorase."
The era cf Kean may be Bald to extend
from his f;rst successful London appear
ance in IS1< to h!i= fieath in 1SS3. How far
he had advanced la his profession by 1S09
we may Judge by this account of Grat
trn's, who saw him at Waterford in that
year: "After the trajredy Kean gave a
specimen of tig-ht-rojx? dancing; and an
other cf s; Hrring with a professional pu
gilist. He then played the leading part
la a musical interlude and finished with
Chiiapanzvt . ibe monkey, in the melodra
matic pantomime of "La Perouse,' and
In this character he showed agility scarce
ly Flr.ce surpassed by Mrirurice and
GauJTe, and touches of deep tragedy In
the monkey's death fcen» which made the
audience shed tears." Having for twen
ty-ceven years endured the stings and
arrows of a most outrageous fortune,
Kean conquered that fortune at last by
hls magnificent performance of Shylock
at Drury Lare Theater January- 25, 1514.
Fortunately for him and for us, Hazlitt
¦was present thct r.fjfrht and recorded his
Impressions as follows : ""In giving effect
to the convict ar.d passions arising cut
cf the contrasts cf situation, in varied
vehemence of declamation, in keenness of
earcasm and. the rapidity of cis transi-
The era of Irving— from 1S70 to the pres
ent day; that is merely a rough classifi
cation, as Mr. Whytfl acknowledges. Dur
ing the first half of this period Irving
undoubtedly reigned eupreme; but he had
practically nothing but the old plays to
go on. It is true he made several
courageous attempts to put Tennyson on
the stage, but taken as a ¦whole these at
tempts were a failure. "With the new
movement represented by the plays of
Pinero, Jones and Phillips Sir Henry Irv
ing has had nothing: to do. Of many of
the actors whom these plays have made —
Mr. Hare, Forbes Robertson, George
Alexander— Mr. "Whyte gives interesting
accounts. And. oh. such beautiful pictures
is he has lavished upon his book! Every
body, from Mrs. SIddons to Mrs. Patrick
Campbell, is there. From such richness
it is hard to pick out the richest, but I
think my favorite is the lovely portrait of
Miss Ellen Terry as Imogen. This picture
makes you understand what Du Maurier
meant when he wrote of Trilby: "She
was about as tall as Miss Ellen Terry —
and that Is a charming height, I think."
This brings us naturally to the decade.
1S50-1S70, when Tom Robertson shone as
the leading light in the theatrical firm
ament, with the Bancrofts as his satellites.
Poor Robertson! If ever a man had
cause to cry out upon a '"monstrous, vain,
unprofitable world" it was he. After
Sardou, Sudermann and Pinero his, plays
seem to us artificial and woefully 111
cor.structed, but when they were written
they were the best things done since
Sheridan. The Btup!city and timidity of
managers made his life one long hope
deferred that makeih the heart sick;
¦when at last success came, thanks to the
Intelligence and courage of one woman,
Marie Wilton (now Lady Bancroft), the
sands of Robertson's life were about run
out.
There is little of Interest in the person
ality of Phelps. who kept Shakespeare
alive at Sadler's "Weils from 1S47 to 1S62.
His limitations are easily discerned when
we remember that Bottom was his best
impersonation. Yet he did a good work
in presenting a Ions series of Shakes
pearean plays in fair shape and at prices
so moderate that the poorest laborer
could afford a seat In the pit. As Pro
fessor Morley says: "It is hard to say
how much men who have had few advant
ages of education must in their minds and
characters be strengthened and refined
when they are made accustomed to this
kind of entertainment." To Phelps this
generation also is Indebted, for his com
pany furnished the prototypes for those
delightful stage personages in Mr. Pln
ero'B "Trelawny of the "Wells." Tom
Robertson was a general utility man at
Sadler's Wells and Mrs. Telfer is not un
like the Mrs. Warner who was for some
time a joint lessee with Phelps.
From Kean the theatrical scepter
passed to Macready, already well known
for his performance of Virginius in Sheri
dan Knowles" bombastic tragedy of that
name. Macready seems to have been a
better man than he was an actor, with a
literary Fen.=e rare in the actor's profes
sion. "The Lady of Lyons." "Richelieu"
end "Money" are n«t great plays, but
they are not contemptible and they owe
as much to Macready as they do to Lyt
ton. He did much to elevate his profes
sion socially and he had the good sense
to retire (in lSSl) at the age of BS, when
Ftill in vigorous possession of his powers.
Never could it be said of him, as of so
many actors, that superfluous lagged the
veteran on the stage.
tions from one tone and feeling to an
other. In propriety and novelty of action.
presenting a succession of striking pic
tures and giving perpetually fresh shocks
of delight and surprise, it would be diffi
cult to single out a competitor." In
"Richard III." "Othello," Iago and Sir
Giles Overreach, he proved himself
equally great; indeed, there can be little
doubt that with the possible exception of
Garrick he was the greatest actor that
has ever trodden English boards. But ho
could do nothing in comedy; he lacked
Garrick's versatility, and he lacked also
that mastery over himself and that ro
bust common sense which brought to Gar
riek wealth, friends and happiness. Poor
Kean! his first, his worst and his last
friend vas the brandy bottle.
To Indulge In the thought that so long as
irresponsible power may arbitrarily de
cide for both parties the right or wrong
cf a controversy, these conditions
will ever be remedied Is to induljre In
an iridescent dream. Many people be
lieve, and believe honestly, that wars pro
duce prosperity, •wealth and ultimately
benefits even to the vanquished. I re
spectfully 'dissent. The world has ad
vanced, become more civilized and wealth
has accumulated, not by wars, but in
spite of wars. "When the Prince of Peace
was born war undisturbed in fact or in
theory had held undisputed sway on
earth for more than 4000 years, but at
the moment of his birth peace prevailed,
but not the peace of contentment or jus
tice, it was the peace of Rome's arbitrary
and , undisputed sway; the peace of a
great standing army. The world peaceful
because suppine beneath the irresistible
power of Rome's yet undefeated and un
decayed legions. In, those 4000 years had
war anything to its credit? Had it re
lieved the world of superstition? Had" It
Civen it any real science, any real truth.
Is there in progress to-day any war, or
anything resembling war, that calls for
the admiration of this generation or the
emulation of succeeding generations?
Each and every, war In progress In the
world to-day was Inspired, instigated or
continued by commercialism, where
strength Judging of its own alleged
wrongs or rights- and Interests demands
and receives or forcibly takes Its own
measure of other peoples* goods, chattels
and possessions. The British In Africa.
The Americans in the Philippines. The
allied powers In China:, the latter having
some reason for being there, but no ex
cuso whatever for what they are doing
there. Trying to preserve the "integrity"
of China, a Lilliputian task compared with
a like effort to preserve the "integrity"
of the allied powers as they slaughter
the guilty and the innocent. Permitting
soldiers to rob homes, to reward the pros
titutes; destroying the tombs of the dead
and the arts, treasures and scientific ap
pliances of the* living. Is it admirable,
is it Christian, is It human, is it even
war? To dignify any one of the contests
going on to-day as war would be about as
preposterous as to describe a mastiff with
a mouse in its mouth as engaged In a dog
fight.
"War is, and always has been, awful be
yond description. The most terss and sat
isfactory description of it was produced
when General Sherman said "War Is
hell." But In other days and times even
war has had some attributes to relieve
it in part of its horrors and malignity.
Much inspiring bravery, ambition, love
cf home and country, and pride of an
cestry and devotion to principle. "While
war has undoubtedly done vastly more
harm than good, looked at for such char
acteristics, no doubt even war has done
much to strengthen, elevate and refine
mankind. Many a youth has been spurred
to ambition by the stories of Alexander,
Caesar and Napoleon, and inspired to far
better things by Leonldas, Horatlus, Ar
minius, Charles Martell and "Washington,
by Thermopylae, Marathon, Marston
Moor and Bunker Hill.
While there is not to-day a real war
in progress In the world, there never
was a greater absence of peace or a
greater prevalence of the horrors of war.
If this statement is correct— and we do
not think .It will even be attempted to
be denied — there is a more immediate and
pressing demand than ever before for
some efficient ways and means to put an
end to such a useless and wholly degrad
ing condition.
People have never ceased to dream of
universal peace, and now and then a hope
ful cessation of war has appeared when
cannons ceased to roar and the sword
sought its sheath, but always to return
again with increased vigor. Kings were
formerly charged as being responsible for
most wars, but during the present genera
tion the people have more often forced
the rulers into war than they have been
led to war by rulers.
It can hardly be supposed that law en
forced against nations was never thought
to be right or necessary, but the difficulty,
at first the impossibility, of Its establish
ment and enforcement alone prevented it,
and the world by long observance became
accustomed to the absence of law between
nations. So much accustomed to it. In
fact, that we hear no end of speaking
and prating about the theory of the law.
but no Intimation about something real,
efficient and powerful for the protection
of mankind. An International congress
meets and solemnly provides for some
pretentious but wholly inefficient pro
cedure that may be respected or ignored
and the congress adjourns and the world
sets up the Joss and goes merrily on In
the old, old way. The so-called court Is
about as efficient to prevent, restaln or
punish national crimes and outrages as
the spice scented breezes of Morocco to
raze the stormproof walls of Gibraltar. It
would seem that after all the centuries
that have passed and the general dissemi
nation of learning and respect for right
and justice, and the close communication
between nations we ought soon to see the
end of all this reign of international an
archy and the establishment of law and
order among the nations as well as the
individuals of the world.
If any person should seriously assert
that the people of the world only needed
a theoretical law for their government
and control and no court was required to
Interpret and decide and enforce the law
he would at once be rated a lunatic or a
most dangerous type of anarchist.
Yet nations are only combinations of In
dividuals and crowds will do what in
dividuals will not and we have law and
enforcement of the law for the individual,
but never for the combination of indi
viduals called nations.
That international law exists only as a
matter of theory, rhetoric and declama
tion is an assertion capable of easy dem
onstration. It has been a matter solemnly
discussed and ostentatiously paraded for
thousands of years and during that tim-3
has been about as efficient a force for the
protection of the world and its Inhabitants
as the turtle created by the Egyptian
astronomers to sustain the world in it3
accustomed place. A. law that cannot be
enforced and has no power to enforce it
is more frequently resorted to as an ex
cuse or Justification than to redress a
wrong. International law was promul
gated by the powerful for the powerful,
and it has been usqd ten times as a Jus
tification for an outrage or an aggression
where it has been asserted once success
fully to repress a wrong or punish an in
ternational crime. Nothing more or less
could be expected where the only court to
hear or decide any case is the country
directly interested; sitting as its own
judge, jury and executioner. The few In
stances of agreed arbitration only prove
the rule in all other cases. Even in cases
of arbitration the nation Is only bound in
honor to comply with the award. No
power can compel an arbitration or en
force Its award unless the aggrieved na
tion Is strong enough to do so and In such
a case no arbitration Is necessary.
THE reader who peruses this article
for the purpose of being enlightened
on the intricacies and subtleties of
international law will be disap
pointed for two reasons; first, for
the reason that the writer is not suffi
ciently versed in this supposed branch of
legal learning to discourse with even ap
parent wisdom thereon, and the further
reason that there 13 really no such thing
in a legal sense. International law is only
a fine spun theory as to what the law
should be if there was such a thing as
international law and a tribunal to en
force it.
t"o accomplish this result would requlrs
between the nations, or & s-offlclent num
ber of them to enforce- the court's author
ity, a treaty establishing a court with
Jurisdiction, pewer and authority to
which a nation, big or little, could go with.
Its complaint, have Its adversary sum
moned Into court, that each party might
hare Its hearing and its day In court. la
the meantime the court could restrain by
injunction violations of Its orders and
compel obedlenca to Its final decrees.
All nations standing pledged b7 treaty
to respect, enforce and execute;
all of Its orders and decrees.
Such a court could and would have pre
vented all, or a great part of all. th»
trouble and horrors that have occurred
In China. Including Injustice* occurring
for a long series of years; would have- set
tled Justly all controversies in South Af
rica; would have- prevented the war with
Spain, or In any event would have prompt
ly adjudicated oar rights in. tie PfciUp
pines and saved all ths loss cf Ufa, ex
pense and trouble that we have had there.
Only an International pirate or freebooter
would or could object to such a tribunal.
The details of its creation. Jurisdiction
and powers could only be arrived at after
careful consideration by the best minds In
the world. It would be the greatest and
most honorable tribunal that ever existed
or could ever be created. Its suggestion
Is nothing intangible or theoretical; the
necessity for It is obvious; the good, It
would do la Incalculable. Law and Jus
tice go hand in hand. The world has tried
thousands of years of absence of law or
restraint between nations. It has seen aa
equal number of years of controversy,
war and Injustice. The Caliph Omar at
Alexandria sent up In smoke the accumu
lated learning of centuries: the Count von
"Waldersee permits. 20CO years almost after
the coming of Christ, the accumulated art
and learning of the oldest existing civili
zation to be scattered and destroyed. If
a etronp man should hold up a weak man
on the highway to forcibly relieve him of
his worldly goods, which the strong 1 ona
had decided were not being properly used
by and were In fact of no benefit anyway
to the weak one, and If the Sheriff should
happen along and command the robber to
desist, he would hardly answer, That la
my business, and none of yours,** as tha
nations -would do and are constantly do-
Ing. The only reason the robber floes not
so answer Is because it Is the Sheriff's
business as an officer of the law. and the
only way nations can ev.er be made to
cease answering in this way Is to have a
law on the subject and make It the busi
ness of some officer of the law. as an of
ficer of the law and of the. court, to en
force the law between nations.
If England is right in South Africa,
would not her rights be secure in an ab'.a
and honorable court? If the Boer* arw
right, or have some rights, should there
not be an able and an honorable court to
stop the slaughter, to end the devastation
and bring again to that distressed, home
less and fugitive but brave people the op
portunity for industry and the blessings
of peace. No country Is so powerful to
day that she might not welcome the shel
tering protection of an efficient court to
morrow. Is It not full time to stop mor
alizing, theorizing and dreaming, and to
set up. ordain and establish a tribunal for
the nations that shall exist in fact as well
as In theory; that shall be vested with
power to command, restrain and prohibit
to hear and determine all complaints and
controversies between all nations, a3
courts have done with individuals, cor
porations and municipalities ever slnco
they have existed, and have required such
control as they always have and always
will require to be controlled— Just as na
tions always have needed to be and al
ways will need to be controlled?
There Is. there can be. but one remedy,
and this has never been tried or seriously
attempted, and this is to establish Inter
national law that is law, and establish a
tribunal to enforce the la-w. The man who
would object to such a procedure wonld
object to a law protecting tha Individual
In his person or in his property.
Who can say to-day, thoughtfully and
truthfully, that amen? the family of na
tions anywhere right without might Is se
cure or defenseless liberty Is anywhere
safe. If national right is not secure. If
national liberty 13 not safe— and it is not—
it ought to be made so.
Startling as the results have been, they
are natural enough when the causes and
the natural result are considered. "While
these things have been achieved for tha
individual, the nations of the world, with
relation to each ether, continue in an
archy and primeval darkness bo far as
any international law is concerned or any
real controlling power.
any real Justice? Had !t given It even
comparatively great wealth? There would
have been no lost arts, no forgotten sci
ences, no wasted literature hail the world
not tolerated international anarchy and
recognized as legitimate between nations
the same acts that are plain felonies be
tween Individuals. The* wealth accumu
lated by one generation has but furnished
fuel for the bonfires of the next genera
tion when at war. An international court
might not end all war, a3 law and court3
do not end all crimes, but would irameas
surably lessen the numbers and horrors
of crimes. Teach and practice liberty and
equality and administer justice and you
increase science, art, llteratura and
wealth.
The present century opened as an ideal
one for liberty, equality, democracy and
law. It has seen more of these thing*
established and practiced than all pa3t
centuries. It has not only realized this,
but ha3 added more to inventions, science,
art and literature than any other two
centuries; not only this, but it has added
more to the world's wealth than any pre
vious five centuries In its history.
Its ideal was liberty, and liberty Pro
duced character, enterprise, thrift and
wealth. Let the ideals of the comlns
country be the same an* the results will
follow and continue, but let our Ideals ba
commercialism or. as Mr. "vVatterson
proudly says, "markets." and liberty,
character and thrift will decrease and in
dustry and wealth wi!l diminish. This
country was founded more in the spirit
of liberty, equality and democracy than.
any other. In a single century It baa pro
duced more wealth than any other one na
tion or race of people has ever produced
in all time.
"We make a mistake when -we o-rerloo'i
the responsive effect of a national policy
or enterprise on Individual character. Ona
illustration proves the whole case. Our
fathers In unselfishness labored to found
and did found a true democracy respect-
Ing the rights, liberties and equalities of
all citizens. Every citizen was an equal
part of his country, proud of her origin,
loyal to her principles, proud of her star.3
lng and Jealous of her reputation. Every
real man had not only the right but th«
Incentive to work; he felt It a duty and
a privilege to Improve his mind and as
sist in advancing learning, science and
literature; not only this, but to iraprova
those dependent upon him, to make him
self and them worthy to be citizens of a
great and free country.
ACTORS WHYTE'S OF THE CONTURY
BY L. DU PONT SYLE.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 6, 1901.
BY FRANK SHOFtT.
NATIONS LAW OF IS ONLY THEORY
JANUARY 6. igoi
18
Choice candies. Townsend*s.Palac« HotsL*
Townsend's California glace fruits. SDc a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
633 Market street, PaJaca Hotel buildic- •
Special Information supplied daily ts
business bouses and public men by Um
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 513 &ont«
gomery «t Telephone Main Via. •
I CuiUaf a lea cream. ™«-fii c-suseUa, pirtac&e
cUooolate cakts. 106 T^rVln, ph»« East US, •Pictures for 1 90 1 .
We have on exhibition a fine lot of
framed pictures, showing all the new ef
fects in Flemish, old Dutch and ebony
frames. withJ tinted mats to match. AH
the newest pictures in Copley prints, plati
num, sepia and water color. Good goods
and moderate prices. Sanborn. Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
The skeleton In many a closet Is tbe re
sult of tbe jam . Inside the small boy.
Last month Mr. Pattosien of the Pat
tosien Company^gave all of his salespeople
a per cent of the sales they made during
the whole month | for a j Xmas present.
Some made more ; than their salary
amounted to, and the salary paid is the
best in the city. ¦ Mr. Pattosien does not
believe in only treating the public well, he
believes in treating; employes Just the
same. This Is worthy to be copied by our
merchants and factories ; in fact, by all
who- employ people. There would ' be
more contentment by the wage-earning
people. .By everybody following this
example the great poem of Markham
"The - Man With the Hoe," would never
have been written. - : ",.
A Fine Xmas Qif t.'
barge to carry the output of its quarries.
The Sacramento Transportation Com
pany's steam barge Fort Bragg has been
•chartered for nve years, and will carry
loads cf 500 tons dally.
Tffrti Employed by Colorado Fuel and
Iron. Company and in Star
Mine Quit Work.
GALLUP. N. M., Jan. 5.— The men em
ployed at the mines of the Colorado Fuel
and Iron Company have struck. The men
working In the mines owned by Senator
f'lnrk and others are still at work. A
teSSfrom Mr. Mitchell, chairman of
t ho National Mine Workers' Association,
advised the employes of the Colorado
Fuel and Iron Company's mines to strike,
saylns that they would be Bupported.
Several hundred men are out.
ASPEN. Colo.. Jan. 5.--The miners of
the Star mine have struck because of the
attempt of the owners to enforce a ten
hour day system. ¦
Wanted on a Forgery Charge.
DAWSON. Dec 27. via Seattle, Jan. 6.—
A warrant is out for the arrest of C. IX
Cole, formerly of the Skaguay Budget, on
a charge of forgery. The affidavit upon
Which the warrant was issued was sworn
to by Whitney &» Pedlar, meaxihants of
Dawson and white Horse. Cole Is ao-
HUNDREDS OF MINEBS "€¦[
ABE OUT ON STBIKE
>rw<^ HE members of the Democratic
I State Central Committee at a
I meeting held yesterday afternoon
il in their rooms at the California
Hotel devised a way by which the
$2600 indebtedness incurred during the last
campaign will be wiped out.
An agreement was drawn up In legal
tleroen have subscribed to this agreement.
"It is hereby understood and agreed
that by the signing of this agreement
each subscriber .thereto becomes respon
sible for the payment of $100 only, and
not jointly, with the other subscribers to
pay the $2600. which is the total amount
of the indebtedness of said committee. ,
"It Is hereby understood and each sub
scriber to this agreement Is hereby em
powered by said committee to raise said
amount, $100, by subscription or In any
other manner he may deem proper."
Joseph Nolan, a boy aged 18 years, re-
Fldir.g at 71 Fourth street, whil© riding
J;ls wheel down Market street yesterday
afternoon undertook to adjust the chain
over the hub sprocket, and in doing so
rot his fingers caught. He was taken to
the itt-ceiving Hospital, where Dr. Starr
found it n<rrc<-5sary to amputate the first
Joint cf the third linger on the- right hand.
Of late f-overal accidents have occurred
to wheclmr n in a similar manner. They
try to adjust tijeir chains over the
cprocket while in motion.
Finger Caught by Sprocket.
PETAL.UMA, Jan. 6.— The Petaluma
Paving Company has sold Its quarry and
crushing plant south of this city to a San
Francisco firm, of which Arthur B. Nash
is representative. The new owners have
started In to fix up their acquisition for a
long run. .The company has obtained
some Mgf contracts for crushed roek at
Mare Island and Hunters Point, and haa
contracted for the services of a steam
Sale of a Petal tuna Quarry.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 5.— Mrs. Nellie Mc-
Daniels, who conducts a lodging-house at
222 Turk street, San Francisco', was struck
by the ncrth bound train near San Rafael
to-night. Her Injuries aro believed to be
fatal. Her right leg is broken/her
shoulder crushed and it is believed she is
internally Injured. She was taken to Pet
aluma for medical attention.
San Francisco Woman Believed to
Be Fatally Injured.
STBTTCK BY A TRAIN.
"For the purpose of liquidating the in
debtedness of the present Democratic
State Central Committee of the State of
California, we, the undersigned members
of the Democratic party, hereby agree to
become responsible for and to pay to the
Democratic State Central Committee of
said State the sum of $100 each within
thirty days after twenty-five other gen-
cused of having forged a check for $23
In payment for clothes sold and delivered
to him. The warrant was sworn out to
day, but the arrest has not yet been made.
form, binding each person Blgnlng it to
pay $100 toward the liquidation of the
debts of the committee. Twenty-six sig
natures will be secured to this agreement.
Of this number four were affixed yester
day. The signers were J. C. 8ims,.W.,H.
Alford, M. F. Taxpey and Frank H. Gould.
In the agreement, which follows, it is
provided that each subscriber is empow
ered to rai3e the $100 which he agrees to
pay in any manner he may deem proper.
The agreement reads:
DEMOCRATS PREPARING TO
MAKE GOOD DEFICIENCY IN
CURRED DURING CAMPAIGN.
A man who gave the name of John J.
O'Brien had a bad knife wound dressed
fcy Dr. Starr at the Emergency Hospital
at 4:t5 a. m. yesterday. O'Brien walked
Into the hospital accompanied by a friend,
&s he termed him, and stated that a man
bad cut him with a knife on the left wrist
c.t Fourth and Mission streets. The name
cf the man who cut him or the place
whero it occurred he declined to state.
The wound was a deep one and came very
near reaching the artery at the wrist
joint- The police have an idea that
O'Bricn'B wound was received In a etreet
or barroom fracas.
Declines to Tell Who Cut Him.
"Flret ofTer.ses punished lightly; second
more severely." This is the rule laid down
by the Fire Commissioners. Two of the
£m offenders were before the board yes
terday for Flight infractions of the rules,
»nd as a. consequence they will not draw
a. full month's pay at the end of. tUa
month. Joseph Iiyan, driver for truck 8,
trill forfeit fifteen days' pay for trying
t!s muscles on the jaws and face of a
companion belonging to the same com
paj;y. James FitZRerald, stoker of en-
Klr.e 26, will drop ten days' pay into the
tremen's fund for the privilege of dispos
ing of U ccnt3* worth of liquor at a time
vrhen he was on duty.
Disciplining th.e Fire Laddies.
The total sold production of the world
in 1900 amounted to $256,462,438, which com
pares with $313,641,534 in 1S99, the decrease
being entirely owing to the stoppage of
gold production in the Transvaal by the
war, nearly all other producing countries
showing an increase. In 1900 the. United
States took the lead among the gold pro
ducing countries, with $78,653,755; Austra
lasia ranks second, with $75,283,212. The
large production of the Klondike has put
Canada in the third place, with a total
output of $26,000,000, while- Russia was
fourth, with $23,090i862. These four coun
tries produced over 80 per cent of the gold
of the world.
The total amount of dividends paid 210
companies allied with the mineral Indus
tries of the United States In 1900 was
$130,954,000. This large disbursement places
mining among the most profitable of the
country's industries. The metal mines
paid $51,502,000, or 34.3 per cent of the to
tal, and the Industrial companies $75,
439,000, or 60.7 per cent. Among the lead-
Ing payers were the copper mines, with
$33,433,000 to their credit; the gold and eil
ver mines $13,907,000, and the petroleum
companies, with $48,816,000.
Other important products of this class
includ«d cement, of which 17,828,698 bar
rels were made: salt, copper sulphate,
mineral paints, phosphate rock and slate,
while the minor mineral products Included
a variety too numerous to mention.
The more Important Items of this pro
duction in metals were gold, valued at
$78,658,755; silver, valued at $o7.0S5,24S; 615,
756.S02 pounds of copper, valued at $100,154,
345; 251,781 tons of lead, valued at $22,005.
659: 122,850 tons of zinc, valued at $10,786,230
and last, but not least. 13,914,505 tons of
plgiron, valued at $238,078,737.
Of the non-metallic products by far tha
most Important was coal, of which the
United States produced no less than
274.847,779 tons; the greatest quantity ever
produced in one year by this or any other
country. In 1899 the United States was the
largest producer of coal in the world and
this pre-eminence was Increased in 1900.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5.— The Engineering
and Mining Journal to-day gives a sum
mary of the mineral and metal production
of the United States for the year 1900. This
summary has been compiled from ad
vanced figures furnished by producers and
from official sources, and gives a complete
statement of the gold production for the
year just closed. The total value of the
metal produced in the United States in
1900 was 1509,800,992. as compared with
$046,057,320 in 1S09. The value of the output
of non-metallic substances was 5755.6S0.901,
as against $645,754,305 In 1S93. The total
value for the two years, after allowing for
duplications, was respectively $1,157,162,182
and $1,049,230,594.
Summary of the Production
for the Year Just
COUNTRY'S VAST
MINERAL OUTPUT
Twenty-Six Hundred Dollars, Spent by State
Central Committee in Excess of Money
Received, Is to Be Raised by Members
The chair was authorized to appoint a
committee of five to go before the Legis
lature and advocate these measures.
A resolution was adopted urging the
Legislature to obtain the redwood forests,
known as the Big Basin, and hold them
for a public park for the people. It sets
forth the material benefits such a forest
reservation would have on Santa Cruz and
the adjoining county In regard to rainfa'l
and climatic conditions. It ia suggested
that a commission to consist of the presi
dents of -Berkeley and Stanford universi
ties and the Governor, or some person
named by him, have charge of the park.
Another resolution adopted urges the
Lesrislature to create a water and forest y
commission to care for forests and
streams and guard forests from fire.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 5. — A large and en
thusiastic meeting of the Sempervirens
Club was held this evening at the Board
of Trade rooms with a view of having
steps taken to preserve the Big Basin for
ests. District Attorney Campbell wa3
elected chairman of the evening. Ad
dresses pointing out the benefits to accrue
from a preservation of the forests were
made.
islative Action.
Scmporvirens Club Appeals for Leg-
TO PRESERVE THE BIG TREES.
Senator Perkins to-day secured the pas
sage of a bill in the Senate providing for
acquiring by condemnation or by pur
chase for not exceeding $125,000 two groves
of sequoia glgantea in California, with
a view of making national parks thereof.
Washington— Renewal— William H. Sick
les, Orting, $10. Original, widow— Mary
A. Sturdevant, Dayton, $8.
Pensions Issued: California — Increase —
Oran Sumner, Cloverdale, $10. Original,
widow— Mary L. Fisher, Roaeburg. $S.
The Civil Service "Commission will hold
an examination February 5 for the posi
tion of immigrant inspector with experi
ence as a Japanese interpreter.
WASHINGTON. Jtn. 5.— Postofflce es
tablished: Washington — Collins, Skamanla
County, Leon W. Hunting, Postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned: California-
Daniel It. T. Rout, Boulder Creek; Ora
Oak, Cucamonga; Estella B. Adams.
Olympla; E. Martinelli, Olema; . Edward
T. Barnes, Pacific Beach; Catharine A.
Suffell, Hooker. Appointed: California-
David J. Parker, Los Alamltos, Orange
County, vice J. II. Badgley, removed.
Oregon — Edward M. F. Roebe. Biglow,
Sherman County, vice Anna F. Lynch, re
signed.
chase of Big Tree Grove.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Senate Passes Bill Providing for Pur-
BOSTON, Jan. 5.— Commodore William
H. Harris. U. B. N., retired, died in this
city to-night.
Commodore W. H. 'Harris.
BERLIN, Jan. 5.— Charles Alexander,
Grand Duke of Saxe Weimar, is dead.
He was born at Weimar in ISIS.
Duke cf Saxe-Weiraar.
NEW YORK. Jan. 5.— Henry Philipps,
well known in fporting circles in this
country a_nd !n Canada, whose home is in
MuntrcaJ. died in the Roosevelt Hospital
to-day of apoplexy. He was formerly
manager for John L. Sullivan, the pugl
li?t, and was Sullivan's backer when the
champion fought Charley Mitchell.
Henry Philipps.
IsTrs. Mary Hedding.
rETALUMA, Jan. 5.— Mrs. Mary Red
oing, wife of Thomas Redding, died at her
home at Nicasio yesterday. A year ago
she toll and broke her leg, and she never
recovered from the shock of the accident.
Mrs. Reddins came to this countv forty
year? ago. She w?.s a native of Ireland
and 71 years of age.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. £,.— John Bards
ley is dead of heart disease after an 111
r.ess of ten days. Mr. Bardsley was born
In England September 5. 1S36. He cams
to this country with his parents in 1£47.
Mr. Bardslev engaged in manufacturing
linen in this city. As treasurer in 1S30 he
became Involved by the failure of the
Keystone National and Spring Garden
banks. He was charged ¦with the embez
zlement of 5335,000. sentenced to fifteen
years' imprisonment and fined $237,530. Ho
was pardoned in 1S55.
John Bardsley.
DEMOCRATS ARE CALLED UPON
TO MAKE GOOD THE DEFICIT
LEFT AS A CAMPAIGN HERITAGE
DAWSOX, Dec. Li, via Tacoma. Jan. 5.
—John Parks, a Pinkerton detective from
Chicago, has arrived here en route to the
Lower Yukon after "Shorty" Morgan,
who is wanted in Colorado for murder.
Morgan is believed to have killed a man
in one of the Colorado mining camps. He
succeeded in eluding the officers at the
time and got out of the State. The feel
ing against him ran high and the officers
were determind to capture him if pos>
slble. To that end they employed detec
tives, who have traced Morgan to Sknx;
uay and Dawson. He left the Klondike
before the river froze up and Is believed to
be at Eagle City or Rampart.
On a Murderer's Trail.
CAPE TOWN, Jan. 5.— The heads of
firms here are hastily organizing their
staffs into companies of the city guards,
independently of the colonial defense.
Their Staffs.
Heads of Firms Hastily Organizing
GUARDS FOR CAPE TOWN.
work of reorganizing the War Office will
be left almost soiely to Lord Roberts.
The adjutant general. Sir Kvelyn Wood,
who is personally responsible for the re
cent action regarding Major General Sir
Henry Colville (who was asked to resign,
but refused to do so, as a result of the
Yeomanry surrender at Lindlev in May
last) is likely to be one of the first to
go. It is thought he will do so with
honor. More troops are to be sent out to
South Africa, The present plans are to
dispatch infantry. This the most capable
officers in the service devoutly hope Ix>rd
Roberts will frustrute, substituting cav
alry, which is so much needed.
LONDON, Jan. 5. — The peace over
tures at Pretoria are not regarded very
Lord Kitchener reports to the War Of
fice tinder date of Pretoria, January 4, a3
follows: "The Boers have reappeared
along the railway in the neighborhood of
Rheinoster, but it is doubtful if Dewet is
with them. With regard to the situation
in Cape Colony, the western commando
seems to be making toward Galvin and
the eastern party appears to have broken
up into Email parties. Another small
body crossed Orange River, west of All
wal North, yesterday." .
LONDON, Jan. 6.— A special from
Cape Town says: An emergency
meeting of the Cabinet was con
vened at noon to-day after a. long
consultation between the British
High Commissioner, Sir Alfred Mllner,
and Premier Sir J. Gordon Sprlgg. An
important pronouncement is expected.
hopefully In Government official circles.
"So long as the Boers take prisoner^
and we only capture cartridges," said one
well acquainted with the opinions of th«j
War Office, "there is small likelihood of
peace coming through the burghers at
Pretoria or any other place."
General Kitchener is not going to take
command of the troops in India. The
work ahead of him in South Africa is ex
pected to occupy ali his energy for many
months to come. General Sir Arthur
Palmer, the acting commander in chief in
India, will probably shortly be confirmed
to that command unless Lord Roberts in
terferes, which is not likely.
There is much talk in the papers and
elsewhere of Lord Roberts insisting on
ful'er privileges as commander in chief
of the forces than was accorded to Lord
"Wolseley, but it is learned that he had
done nothing of the kind. He accepted
office on the same terms as his predeces
sor, though the personal relations exist
ing between him and the Government
officials assure greater co-operation than
was possible with Lord Vv r olseley. The
Activity of the Invading Boers Cause the 'British High
Commissioner and Premier to Hold a Long Consulta
tion and Summon the Members of the Cabinet
All hands went up. "All down on your
knees," and all dropped to their knees.
Zahn whirled around and reached for a
revolver behind the bar. As he turned a
shot was fired, striking him in the abdo
men, and Zahn fell heavily to the floor.
The small man then rifled the safe and
money drawer, obtaining about $S0. Th«
taller man with the missing fingers stood
in the doorway on guard. The men left
as quickly as they came and in a minute
or two twelve men were on their trail.
Two of them started north toward Crow
ell.
SNYDER, Jan. 5.— All yesterday after
noon three men were loafing in Zahn's
place, playing cards a little and once in
a while taking a drink. They were
strangers In the town and were not no
ticed by scores of the frequenters of the
place. Shortly after supper they left.
About 8:30, while a dozen men were sit
ting at the tables playing cards, the door
was suddenly thrown wide open and one
of the smaller men rushed in, followed by
the others. Leveling his gun he called
out. "Throw up your hands!"
A Fremont special says the man with
the missing fingers, who was implicated in
the Zahn murder, was arrested this after
noon two miles south of Crowell. He
was taken without much difficulty. Ono
of the other parties who was with him
escaped. The posse pursued him, firing
a volley of shots, none of which took ef
fect. Crowds of men from the country
are collecting at Crowell and Scribner
and the officers fear they will be unable
to protect him from the mob. The prob
ability is that the man will be lynched,
The capture of the third bandit is only a
question of hours. •
Special Dispatch to The Call
OMAHA. Jan. 5.— All day long an excit
ing man hunt was indulged in by farmers
and deputy sheriffs. near Snyder for the
murderers of Hermann Zahn. Late this
afternoon bloodhounds followed a trail to
within a mile of Crowell. where two of
the guilty parties were secreting them
selves in a house. The house was fired
and the bandits, upon being forced to
abandon it, ran from it to the woods,
shooting as they went. It is further re
porteil that one of the men has been cap
tured. The Sheriff and armed men are
leaving for the scene. There Is also a re
port of another man • being captured at
West Point.
One Man Is Captured Near Crowell,
and Officers Fear They Will
Be Unable to Protect
House in Which They Are
Concealed Fired by a
Mob.
HOUNDS TRACK
ZAHN MURDERERS
VTinana Michael "vVigrser had been
Eishop of New York e:nce 1£8L Ho was
horn In New York December 9, 1ML lie
•was graduated from St. Francis Xavier
CoHeg'e In 1SCO, and studied theology in Se
ton llall, N. J., and was ordained a priest
In ISO. During 15C3-73 he was rector of
St. Vincent's Church, Madison. N. J.: St.
John's. Orange. 1S73-T4; Summit. N. J.,
l?74-76; returned to St. Vincent's, Madl-
Fon. and remained there until consecrated
Bishop.
KEVT YORK. Jan. 5.-Bishop W. M.
TVIs-ger died shortly after midnight to
tlg-iit a.t South Orang-e, X. J.
Bishop "W. 1L Wigger.
THB DAY^S DEAD.
SEATTLE. Jan. 5.— Alfred II. Seymour,
¦wlio has Iteozx victimizing people in this
city ajid in Oropron and British Columbia
towns, vas arrested to-day. He Is said
to have defrauded many rorsons in this
city on various pretexts. The attention
of the local police was first called to Sey
mour's operations last May, when they
nere notified that he had uttered several
worthless checks. The police endeavored
to arrest the man, but he fled. After-
Trard they received letters from Chief of
Detectives Seymour of San. Francisco,
vho said that an impostor vras palming'
liimself off la this city as his brother.
Investigation shov.-ed that Seymour had
obtained leans of morey in this city on
the pretext that he was waiting for a re- i
mittance from his bi other. Detective
teymour.
Just before leaving the city for a sec
ond time Seymour borrowed a youiis la
dy's watch and forgot to return it. It
Is said that Seymour then went to Ore
gxm, where he resided recently. When he
returned to Seattle the police ren i- on
the lookout for him and as soon as Sher
iff Meredith learned of his arrival he or
dered his arrest.
Seymour sold shares In many bogms
rnlnicg: properties in Victoria before com
injr to this city. Ifis British Columbia
Bwlndllnf operation spjrregrated several
thousand dollars. To-'iay Seymour ad
mitted his £Tiilt. but claimed that he did
rot really mean to swmdie the people. H«
rays that ho has a mania for palming
himself off as some c-.e el^e. He will be
v*>m r^r^'rtr orders Trom Oreron officers. !
EpeclsJ Dispatch to The Call.
Chief of Detec
tives.
a Brother of San Francisco's
Culprit Passes in ICorthern Cities as
Arrest Alfred H. Seymour
on Numerous Charges
of Fraud.
SEATTLE POLICE
CATCH SWINDLER
MILNER AND SPRIGG CALL
AN EMERGENCY MEETING OF
EXECUTIVES OF CAPE COLONY
THE SAN FBANC1SCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 6, 1901.
SIR ALFRED MILTCER. GOVERNOR OF THE TRANSVAAL. AND BRITISH HIGH COMMISSIONER OF SOUTH AF
RICA, AND PREMIER SIR J. GORDON SPRIGG, WHO. AFTER PROLONGED CONSULTATION, CAUSED AN
EMERGENCY MEETING OF THE CAPE COLONY CABINET.
19
CLEARANCE SALE
Odd articles accumulate rapidly in the course of business.
We watch them closely, however, and by cutting the price way
down sell them while they are yet in style. Everything offered
, below is of the very latest, although there are not many of each
kind. The selections are very good, however, for those who
come early. ?
Waists, Suits and Skirts.
. Ev v ery garment is well and stylishly made and sold well at
the regular prices all season. The prices at which they are now
offered are remarkably low.
Taffeta Silk VS^aists. Ladies' Tailored Suits.
Made from best quality taffeta silk. „ Th «e suits are well made from fine
nicely tucked and hemstitched, made Sn'Tn t^vS* tateS^tyto^trtS
In the season's latest styles, with mines of the very best, flt nicely and
Bishop sleeve and new cuff; all sizes arc altogether very desirable suits
and all the new colors; considered at former prices: the sweeping re-
good value at S5.0O— ductions made now cannot fall to sell
• Sale Price S3.5O them ver y readily.
All $12 suits Now $7.23
Taffeta Silk Waists. All $15 and us suits... Now $£.75
Well made of good quality taffeta AU * 20 ' J22 and » ¦ ultaNow $l4 * 75
silk, nicely tucked, very latest stylw Walking Skirts.
and all desirable colorings; regular An ready made walk i nB skirts now
value H00— Sa!e Price $2.50 on hand must be sold: they are all
\ well made and fit and hanpr well; ail
/ Alpaca Waist. good sellers at former prices.
Shirt waist made of good quality All $3.30 skirts Now §2.35
alpaca, in navy and black; well lined £" W.50 skirts ........ .Now |3.2o
and prettily trimmed with braid; spe- $8 feSfifeJ f^^SS
cial $L5O- To close S1.1O All J10.CO skirts .Now $7. 15
Fancy Dress Silks 49c.
These* two lots constitute one of the greatest silk bargains that
we have ever been able to offer. We have gathered every odd
piece in the entire stock, and feel justified in sayintj that more
sweeping reductions were never made in seasonable silks. You
should certainly take advantage of this opportunity.
A special lot of fancy dres3 silks A special assortment of good
in all the leading styles and the lat- heavy quality fancy strip© and black
est colorings plain and fancy which brocadod gllk8 which soId for $1.00
yalVn^ST sSe u'nirfspofedTf and $1.25 per yard; are now on salo
at— Per Yard 49c at— Per Yard 69c
Ladies' and Gents' Umbrellas.
Our entire stock of this season's importations of ladies' and
gentlemen's taffeta silk umbrellas has been reduced in price. It
embraces a great variety of designs in natural wood, horn, pearl
and sterling silver handles. Notice reduced prices:
• 7Sc now 55c $1.85 now SJ-95 $4.00 now $3.00
$1.00 now 7Cc *2.V) now *I.7S $3.00 now .*a.7S
$1.-5 now 9oc $3.50 now 62.5O $8.00 now 6(5. OO
Ladies' Kid Gloves.
A good line of two-clasp ladies' kid gloves, strong and perfect fitting.
in all sizes, in the latest shades of browns, tans, reds, also black, fully
equal to the usual $1 glove, every pair fitted if desired. On sale at—
Per Pair 69c
Ribbons, Doylies, Etc.
AU silk taffeta ribbons, 3 1 4 inches llomle linen doylleg, openwork and
wide: also fancy striped ribbons Zhi frlnped. 8 Inches square: worth 75o
anrl 4 inches wide, in all desirable per dozen; now — Per Doz. SOa
colors: formerly 15c per yard: now- Embroidered bureau sets of 4
.Per Yard IOc pIeceSj BO j d formerly at J2.00; now-
Good duality taffeta silk ribbon, p e r Set $1.00
%°r°^ a £? P £ e &r8? 1*U«- pur. linen initial hanker-
now— PerYordlOc chiefs— Special, Each 12 *o
A lot of colored velvet ribbons, No. Ladies' white aprons, good mate-
0. l«i Inches wide, good quality; U3- rial, cluster tucked—
ually sold at 20c per yard; now— Special. Each 19o
Per Yard IOc Ladles' white eprons. {rood mats-
Hand embroidered openwork doy- rial, full size, trimmed with embrold-
lits, S inches square— Each 29c «T— Special, Each 23c
Tambour openwork doylies, 12 Special line of pillow cases, good
inches square— * * Each IOc Quality. 45x36 Inches— Each IOc
Tambour openwork doylies, IS Extra quality b«d sheets. 81x30
inches square— Each I5c Inches— Special, Each 50o
ON SALE AT BOTH OUR STORES*
Stamping free on all goods brought to us to be embroidered. Lessons g/ran
in embroidery, free delivery in city and bay towns.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"The people who push into society now-
adays illustrate a degenerate state of
things." . •¦•-.•:
"Oh,; take . a broader view of 'it— they
only - pror« evolution." — Indianapolis
Journal. ¦
Great Britain loses on an average ISO
people a day by emigration.
Very few things are injurious and the
food cranks who advocate the use of a
few grains and vegetables and decry the
use of sweets and meats are in error, as
a wholesome variety of meat and vege-
table food Is absolutely necessary for the
maintenance of the highest condition of
health.
The best rule to follow is to eat what
the appetite craves, and if there is any
discomfort or trouble in digesting meat
and . sweets the difficulty can be readily
overcome. by the; regular use after meals
of some safe digestive composed of pep-
sin and diastase which will assist the
stomach by Increasing the flow of gastric
Juice and furnish the natural peptonts
lacking in weak stomachs. •¦
The "best preparation- of* this kind is
probably Stuart's - Dyspepsia Tablets,
which may be found at all drug stores. •
• Years of use- have 'demonstrated the
value | and effectiveness of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets in all cases of impaired
digestion. . •
Candy was never furnished to the
United States army ' before, although it
has been commonly used as a ration by
the' French ' and British troops In the
tropics. '
This explodes another old-fashioned
theory thai sweets were injurious to the
digestive organs, -while a moderate use of
sweets Is actually beneficial.
Thi« is done upon advice of the medical
officers of the army, because it is a phy-
siological fnct that a moderate consump-
tion of confectionery promoted health and
satlsiles a natural craving of the stomach.
Fifty tons of candy have been sent to
the soldiers In tha Philippine Islands by
the commissary department of the army
during the last three months and large
amounts to the soldiers In Cuba and Porto
Rico.
Philippine Islands by the Gov-
ernment.
Have Been Sent to Our Soldiers in the
FIFTY TONS ¦¦ OF. CANDY
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
| !&?s Perfect
HIH Complexion
Possible, and such thines as tan.
sunburn, sallowness. oilv or muddv
skin, pimples and blackheads *re out
of the question if you use
GREME DE LIS.
Sold by druRRists and Brenera!
dealers, or sent prepaid on receipt of
price — 50c.
E. B. HARRINGTON & CO.. Mfr*
Los Angeles. CaL
tVERY- LATEST
Straight proof;
Hand* Mads
SAPPHIRE
CORSETS
$aoot«$i6rOu
PER 9XBL. •
10 GearD St*
COJCTEH KBJUUrT. 1
CHESTER F.WHI6HT,
Royal Worcewter Cof^
¦st-FittlBff Parlors.
EVERY WOMAN
.^^ is interested and should know
jsgjSfes^v about the wonderful
Ja£sjS»w\ UAQVEI WHIRLING
Jf^#lm ""•"¦ tL SPRAY
*ifl U V cb '« » \ The new Vazioal Syriaee.
SwVv^VN 1 * '* V til Injection and Suction.
W V K**^ '§>• '$ Best-Safest-Most Con-
\S^CSy^L. venient. It Cleanses
N; ><igg^? 4^^ iMtaatly.
At Jc yoa r drantat tor It. \x [mh?;X7'&jf&'~~'~*
If h« cinnot supply ths Aly^lL '' "£f?Zlt£> i
MARVEL, iscrpt «><» Kk H Jwrafc5e—
ether, but lend iUmp fcr JHu*. g
tnted book— sealed. It gf*«* ?ill 1/V / '"'if
nartlculan »art direction* invaluable Ml
tolidis- MARVEL CO..
Room nd».,.*ew work *"••>— j~*
A visit OR. JORDAN'S ohcat£
SxasEUi of anatomy)
\ fcy Tbe Ltrrttt AgMtwrtnl Uamam h> Ox \
A .-jTH-.i Wen A Wukmnm •* in esamct«4£
7 Ho ft 3 d*»e»te p«J«M«w»lT»«»«4nyU»aoJd«t Y
rv gg-7 p' A 3pcci*an oa t^c Cm«c EtfLJdyau*. 9
A fljsPji 03. dORDAH-PBJYATE D1SEAS53 6
\ j i \$t Q CKtmliftttco frto Ana »l#!ctfy priv&t£. \
A I Y£\Sy El T™ 'H"*"" perionally or bjr letter. A Q
Wi VqB >n#Jtt» C*re In «ery cat* uciJem*«v \
Am I fi» Write for Book. raiUMOP«T*f A
9 9 ( | V ia.tunu«K. maiuo Fxas. ( A W
A (i /''" * alalb " b&ck lot mra> A
f OU JORDAN A C». . ICa Market 8t.,a 9. ¥
Weekly Call, $1 jot Year
it rcra b«,Ten't a rccular, healthy morement of th«
iowrli crerr doy, you're til or will be. Keep your
We'i opcnfandW well. Force, In the «hapoof rj»-
lT.t pintle or pill poison, u cuixrerouii. Tbe rmooth-
eii eatlr-t most perfect way ot keeping U»« bowels
clear and clean i* to take
EAT a EWI LIKE CANDY
Ple»r«nt. I'i!r,<aMe, Potent, Taete £oo<J. Do Ooo^
revet EicLen, Wee ken. or Grip*. 10, »• *J» 4 e °~
|j*r ( boi. Write for free eunple, and booklet^n
iTtBXISQ ttSTDT COXTxXT, CHICAGO er n» TOUX.
KEEP YOUR BLOOD GLEANA meeting was held last evening at Uni
versity Mound of the delegates of the
Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs. President A. 8. Lillie in retiring
from office delivered' an address criticiz
ing the city's government under the reg
ime of Mayor Phelan. The speaker de
clared that the benefits promised tho city
Criticizes Mayor Phelan.
P. C. KELLY; Assignee. •
Has begun at the Assignee sale of cloth-
Ing. 250 men's suits, worsted, , in checks
and stripes of the latest weaves, either
gray, brown or olive, or woolen cheviots
In solid black and patterns of various
shades; single or double breasted; worth
$10 to $12.50 each; to-morrow for $4.65 a
fiuit at the Clothing Assignee sale of the
Boston. 775 Market street, near Fourth.
The New Century
At the annual meeting of the members
of the San Francisco Golf Club held yes
terday afternoon in the clubhouse, the fol
lowing were elected 1 to serve on the coun
cil for the comlnar year: Charles Page, J.
W. Byrne, Andrew Carrigan, II. D. Pills
bury and H. B. Goodwin. At a meeting
of the council to be held this week a cap
tain, secretary and other officers will be
chosen. Under the rules hitherto prevail
ing the captain has presided at the meet
ings of the council and selected teams to
represent the club. But, according to an
amendment passed yesterday to the by
laws, the council will elect a president and
also appoint a captain, either from among
the members of the council or from the
club at large. The captain so appointed
w-H select and manage teams represent
ing the club, and will arrange interclub
tournaments.
J. W. Byrne and L. O. Kellogg played a
very close match yesterday In the round
robin tournament, being all even at the
end of the second round. Another pole be
ing played to decide the match. L. O.
Kellogg won 1 up on nineteen holes. H.
D. Plllsbury played a practice match with
S. L. Abbot Jr.. beating him 1 up.
To-morrow, at 9:30 In the morning, there
will be a tournament over eighteen holes,
medal play, with handicap, for ladies on
the PrcEido links.
The ladles' putting contest, set down for
yesterday on the links of the Oakland Golf
Club, was postponed.
PRESIDIO GOLF CLUB
IN AUHUAL MEETING
Council of Five Elected to S»rve on
the Board During the Coming
Year.
under the new charter had not accrued to
the city, mainly on account of the actions
of Mayor Phelan. The promises made by
the Mayor had not been, fulfilled and tax
eaters were as numerous now as under
the previous regime. The demands of the
citizens for more economical government
had been ignored by the Mayor, and the
same treatment had been accorded to re
quests for permanent and necessary im
provements. The citizens could only look
to the Legislature to redress the wrongs
now existing. The delegates adopted a
resolution in favor of the proposed 2V
cent fare for school children, and also
discussed the proposed primary law, con
demning that portion which compels a
voter to disclose his politics when casting
a vote. At the next meeting- of the feder
ation officers will be elected for the ensu
ing year.
A Sale in Lace Curtains.
While buying furniture and carpets at
the Pattosien Company's challenge sale,
buyers should not forget the lace curtains
and draperies; they are going as cheap as
the other lines; $4.00. $5.00 and $6.00 cur
tains are selling at $3.00. Corner Sixteenth
and Mission streets. • •
ANNUAL MEETING OF THE YOUNG
WOMAN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
Officers Are Elected for the Ensuing Year and the Secretary's Report Shows That Much
Good Has Been Dona in the Last Twelve Months.
3S4 were Americans and 245 foreigners.
The various classes were well attended
and tho employment bureau secured posi
tions for 700 applicants, v.-hile library and
reading rooms were kept open day and
evening. The sewing school at 1259 O'Far
rell street had an attendance of 200 chil
dren between the ages of 6 and 15 years.
The Howard-street lunch rooms served
23.512 lunches and at 118A Davis street.
<1.6i2 lunches were served.
These rooms are furnished with pianos
books and papers and provide a homelike
noon resC.
The relief committee assisted 1230 indi
viduals. The travelers' aid committee at
the steamers and overland trains assisted
400 strangers during the year.
The treasurer reported $17,643 18 received
and ST.3S6 SS disbursed, leaving a balance
on ha id of $247 f,0.
EDGAR WEBBER
IS PARALYZED
FROM A FALL
Edgar Webber, a longshoreman, fell
over the banister in the hall of the Fill
more House at Stockton street and Broad
way last night and received injuries
which may result in hi3 death. Webber
has been 111 for the last few days, and
complained last night of feeling ¦ weak.
He left his room, telling his wife that he
thought the fresh air would revive him.
On his return he was seen going upstairs
and a moment later the landlady heard
him fall, and going to the hall found him
unconscious at the foot of the stairs.
The ambulance was telephoned for and
the man was sent to the Receiving Hos
pital, where it was found that he had sus
tained a fracture of the vertebrae, which
caused paralysis. Webber is 39 years of
age and Is married.
Police Court ITotes,
Alexander Binnak, who stabbed a clerk
In the Empire House In the left arm with
a penknife because he refused to allow
him to go to another man's room, was
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon in $2000
bonds.
Fannie Stewart and Margaret Wilson
•were held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Fritz yesterday on a
charge of grand larceny in $1000 bonds
oach. They were accused of stealing $130
from Henry Pearce, hotel keeper at
Colma.
The prisoner is also accused of stealing
a gold ring from Blanche Barbour and a
gold watch and chain and a pair of gold
bracelets, the property of a woman who
is known as Mrs. F. Nelson.
Police Officer Peters located the stolen
property under an unused ice chest in
the basement of the Commercial Hotel,
where Smith was at one time employed.
Several other charges will be placed
against Smith to-day. About six months
ago, it is claimed, he broke into a res
taurant kept by M. Barasch at Montgom
ery and Washington streets and stole a
lot of cigars valued at $500. Subsequently,
it is said, he stole a sewing machine from
the residence of a woman who is known
as May Mortimer. The machine was re
covered yesterday In a second-hand store
on Kearny street, where It had been sold
by Smith.
Edward Smith, a cook, Is locked up in
the City Prison with a charge of grand
larceny recorded against his name. Last
Thursday night he was allowed to sleep
in the residence of Mrs. Goldman at 615
Washington street, and to repay her kind
ness he stole tome silverware which •was
a present to a woman from her rela
tives in Germany on the eve of her wed
ding.
HIS PLUNDER
FOUND HIDDEN
IN BASEMENT
President, SIrs.-W. O. Gould; first vice
president, Mrs. George W. Prescott; sec
ond vice president, Mrs. J. F. Merrill;
third vice president. Mrs. M. P. Jones;
fourth vice president. Mrs. H. J. Sadler;
fifth vice president, Mrs. A. R. Baldwin;
recording secretary, Miss Helen Van Win
kle; corresponding secretary. Mrs. S. P.
Tuggie; treasurer, Mrs. I. H. Morse; audi
tor, E. J. Bowen; directors— Mesdames L.
C. Ridington." W. O. Gould, G. W. Pres
cott. J. F. Merrill. M. P. Jones, H. J.
Sadler, A. R. Baldwin. George P. Thurs
ton. S. P. Tuggie, I. H. Morse and Miss
Helen Van Winkle.
At the twenty-third annual meeting of
the Young Woman's Christian Association
held yesterday the following officers and
board of directors were elected:
Trustees->I. F. Merrill, W. H. Crocker,
A. B. Forbes. W. F. Whittler, George W.
Prescott, William Dutton, E. B. Pond.
Managers — Mesdames J. L. Martel. F.
A. Ijams; M. J. McDonald, M. Beardsley,
A, Unger, M. Godlev, E. T. Allen, J.
Spruance, N. G. Kittle, B. M. Gunn. G. B.
Warren. W. H. Crocker. I. S. Van Winkle.
William J Gunn, J. A. JTIllmore. W. C.
Pond, George Crocker, John Stephens J.
Hemphlll, P. D. Browne, Leopold Aigel
tlnger, Edwards and Miss A. L. Reed.
Attorneys — Judge E. D. Sawyer, A. G.
Booth.
Consulting physicians— Adelaide Brown,
M. D.: S. P. Tuggie, M. D.; W. H. Gris
wold, M. D.
The ar.nual report showed that the home
at 1259 O'Farrell street had 630 boarders
during the year, representing thirty-two
States and twenty-two countries. Of theso
Davis wore a Knights of Pythias locket
on his watch ybain and had nearly $40 in
his pockets, while less than $2 In silver
was found in the pockets of Burnham. A
railroad excursion ticket to Montague
irom this city, providing for a trip to be
gin yesterday morning, was also found.
T- here were . two gas burners In the room
and the key of one was turned partly on.
It is probable, judging from the fact that
Davis was alive at 2 o'clock in the after
noon, that the men's lives would have
been saved had the gas been turned oft
at the meter at 7 in the morning, or if the
condition of the men had been discovered
at that hour or earlier.
about midnight of Friday and both were
under the influence of liquor.
At 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon H. E.
Osborne, the elevator boy, noticed a
strong odcr of illuminating gas proceed
ing from the direction of the room occu
pied by Burnham and Davis, and notified
the landlord of that fact. The door was
forced open and Burnham was found in
bed dead. Davis, in the other bed, was
alive but unconscious.
Dr. Kuckein was hastily summoned and
worked for a half-hour In the endeavor
to save Davis, but he did not succeed, the
'carbon monoxide poison having had too
much time in which to operate.
EJ. BURNHAM. superintendent
of the Ash Creek mill, near
Sipsons.Siskiyou County, and
O his friend, I. M. Davis, from
the same place, were found
asphyxiated In their beds yesterday after
noon In the United States Hotel, 123 Eddy
street.
The unfertunate men came to the hotel
together en December 2S and registered
from Sisscns. They engaged a room with
two beds in it and seemed to be engaged
In taking in tfcp sights of the city. Land
lord Charles ccholz says that they retired
We do not want to suppress their religion,
but we do want to suppress this evil which
threatens the United States. We aek you to
sign a petition to your Representative in Con
greps and get his assistance to pass thla con
stitutional amendment to put 'a stop to this
blot on our civilization. We want the assist
arce which a constitutional amendment would
give us, and we feel that wo have a right to
ask it at your hands.
The Rev. Dr. S. E. "Wishard, who is su
perintendent of home missionary work in
the Presbyterian synod of Utah, lectured
to a fair sized audience, in the Academy
of Sciences last night on "The Mormon
in Politics," The lecture was confessedly
inspired by the ignominious failure of
Brigham Roberts to get a seat in Con
gress, and contained much of novelty in
its treatment oi* the well-worn subject.
Dr. "Wishard warned his audience of a
grave menace that would come up out of
Utah should the polygamous proclivities
of Joseph Smith's followers not be curbed.
In Roberts' election the lecturer found a
grim significance.. The Mormon doctrine,
he declared, is one of supremacy and the
trend of its teachings lies in this direction.
With a government within a government
Dr. Wishard found no fault, nor with the
Mormon religion as a religion. He showed |
by extracts from . their prophets' works
that in practicing polygamy they • were
violating their own constitution. The
Mormons, - he said, already control the
balance of power in five, possibly six,
States. In concluding his address the lec
turer made an earnest, appeal to people of
all creeds to use their faithful endeavors
toward securing a constitutional amend
ment to suppress polygamy.
The speaker was introduced by the Rev.
William Rader of the Third Congregation
al Church, and tpoke in part as follows:
Why not a Mormon in politics? He has a right
to be in politics. He is a citizen of the United
States. Why has he- not a right to be in poli
tics? In Christian politics every Christian
should be there If he do his duty to his country
and his flag. But he has no right to bring his
denomination into politics. I am sorry to cay
that the Mormon church is a political machine.
Its history has been a political . one. The
rounder or the sect was in the race for the
Presidency of the United States.
Its political scheme is that it is to be a gov
ernment within a government— a government
that shall finally domineer all governments.
Such may be Been to be a fact by reading the
works of the Latter Day prophets. They say it
is the only legal government which can exist
in any part of the earth.
In a conversation I had with Moses Thatcher
he said unless the Mormon church takes its
hand oft the State of Utah the Government
should take away Utah's Btatehood. The Mor
mon political doctrine is absolute supremacy.
There are three doctrines that keep the Mormon
church. First, the doctrine of revelations from
God. They believe the Apostles receive reve
lations from God concerning not only religion
but money matters, and so forth. Secondly, the
doctrine of the priesthood. Which is that God
has appointed certain priests who are supposed
to become a part of him. These priests, there
fore, have unlimited power and when the tithes
become low the priest has a revelation of
damnation. These are the doctrines that bind
them together and unite them for their aggres
sive work in the country. And bo they manage
to control the Mormon vote.
One morning the Mormon people woke up and
found that by the influence of the apostles
hte People's party had been abolished and that
there were only the Repubiican and Democrat
parties left, and so the political situation has
been In the hands of the prophets ever since.
The Mormon people have been led and guided
by the leaders of the church In politics as In
everything else.
They undertook to get statehood In order
that they might carry on polygamy undis
turbed. So they went to the President (Har
rison) and an amnesty v.'as cranted on the
condition that they should give up polygamy.
The condition on which they were to receive
statehood was that polygamy should be given
up in Utah forever. The Mormons called a
convention, framed a constitution. They got
statehood. And then Utah had a Mormon Gov
ernor, a Mormon Secretary of State and Mor
mon Prosecuting Attorneys, then polygamy be
came openly practiced. Then they sent Rob 1
erts to Congress. You all know the outcome;
he came out, that wa3 the outcome. Then
there was a constitutional amendment intro
duced to prohibit polygamy. Now the point
I want to make is this. That although the
atormons have pretended to go out of politics,
they are, through the medium of their church,
still active politically.
We do not want a constitutional amendment
against the Mormon church. Every man has
a right to worship in his own way, but they
murt not be allowed to violate their own con
stitution. . They hold the balance of power in
Wyoming, they control Utah, they are col
onizing New Mexico. We are faced now with
the possibility of having five and possibly six
States from which they can send a Congres*
ninn.
Tli© Polygiunist's Religion Is Found
ed on Principles Deleterious to
the Union, Says Rev. Dr.
S. E. Wishard.
Lecturer Finds Grave Omens
in Combination of Mor
mon and Politics.
SEES DANGERS
IN MORMONISM
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 6, 190J.
ADVEBTISEIIENTS.
K. J. Burnham, Mill Superintendent, and, I.^M.
Davis, Both of Sisson, Come to San Francisco
for Good Time and Meet Accidental Death
TWO VISITORS ASPHYXIATED
BY GAS IN THE UNITED STATES
HOTEL THROUGH CARELESSNESS
THE TWO RESIDENTS OF SISKITOU WHOSE PLEASURE TRIP ENDED IN THEIR DEATHS • IT IS STTPPOSFD
THAT ONE OF THEM IN TURNING OFF THE GAS ACCIDENTALLY TURNED THE KEY AGAIN PERMIT
TING THE FLOW OF THE FLUID INTO THE ROOM.
20
WOttTHKRA IVUI>H: «OHrAiT.
(PACirto sTirrsif.)
Train* l«atc t%n>\ »r« •!¦¦•> »<» i*rrl«« mt
man rn a mcmco.
(Main Line, Foot ot Market Street)
LliTI — VbOH JaXPAJIT L 1901. — AKaTTB
7:30a Benida, Suiion, Etoir». V»c»Tii:«.
Ramsey au<l Haerameuto 7s4l3r
":3a* D»tU, Woodland. Kni»hU Laadlnf .
Mu^ilile, Oro.lUe- ,1'! 5 '
7:30a AUauUo Kipre»»— Ogden and Eaat 12il3r
8:O«a MartiL-ex,SauHamou,VaUejo,N»r*.
• '»li.«r tf* and .SanU Rosa oi I <lp
H:OOa ii'llea, Livermore. Tr»cy, Lathrop.
Stockton 7»15*
»:3o* Shasta Express— Dati*. Williams (for
Bartlett SprlugsX Willows, Red
Blufl, Portland. 7««*
liHOt Ban Juae. Iiiermor*. H took ton,
I»u«. HaeTameuto. PlaeeitUla.
M«rj«rl!l«. Chieo. Uotl IHulT 4>l3r
Si3l>* Oak dale. Chinese. -io:ior» Carters. .. -fil-ir
«:«»* Hsjw»ril8. HUes and Way Stations. 1 1 : 13*
9:00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Traey. Lathrop. .-uoefcton, M:tceu
Frrmio »n<\ Lc» Aneeles 7ilAp
<l::int Vullrj... Ma.ttiiir.i»iia VVitj Stations Iki43r
IO:O»4 The Oterl md Limited— Ojden, Den-
Ter, Ointha. Chicago 9i-\*r
I 1:OO. v Nilrs, Stockton, aacranwnto. Men-
ilota. Fresao. Hanford, VU.ll*.
Porter»«l« «tl3r
II:OOa Li'crmorc, SangBr. Goshen Jono-
too, Bdkorsfleid,L«8 Aogeles
tl:OOrSacraiiietit»i:iTer.St0»iii«ra {3:00*
3:OOr Hayward*. Nilrs and Way cJUtlonj. S:-i.1p
Mior Mudiiet, H»n Raino... Valiejo.
Nipa, U«H't»K*. S»ut« Ro«a Vila*
4«»«r n-.nicia. Winters, Hacramenlo,
'»Vw.ill»ml, Ki.lkhtt Jandiug.
&1»ryavIU<-. Orr.vilto *2 ! !J*
4«»«*pH«yTranls. Nllwtaiirt HmJojo...... J™ : *2 A
5:OOf Siiei liirermore. Stockton Lodl ... 1O:-*3a
7-1 :OOr Unit et Limt'ed. El Paso, >iew
t>rlaani and test. «1«H13a
S:»(ipTlw Owl Limited— Tracr. fieaoo.
iUkersaeM. Mangiia for Santa Bar-
bara. Ia>* Aii«W«i ¦•••• 1«:13A
SiOOrNew Orleans Kxpress-llakerstluli!.
Naiit* llnrliara. Li>a Anjsles. Dem-
ln«. Kl Puo, New Orleaus aud
East ••••.•••••••¦••••••• Ti-sHa
«:O«»p Haywardi.'SileVa'ud'.ia'nJoaa .T* 4: **
iOiOOr Vallolo - IIs-sSa
«itO»rO'ient.il Man-Ogden. Cbeyenne.
Omaha. Chicago 17:13r
O:OOr Oriental MaU — Ogden, Denver.
Omaha. Chlcvro. 4:13p
TiOOr Oregon awl California Ktprew. s»o-
r»,,,m.t,.. M.irj»»!llH. IC»<1.1ln«.
I'ortbinif, I'ngm Sound au<l Kaak »:I.Ta
RiOApBan Pib'.o. Port Coit*. Mirtlaei
au.l \V.» SUtioua 11i4Sa
:«:Oap V»l)i-j<> .. 7>43p
COAST BITlHlOa (^arrort <<anffe).
(Foot ntMnrket Street.)
!»:l."»* Newark. vJontorTille.San . I nse, Pnltoit.
BoatderCreek.BautaOrniand Way
hUtlotis Shaop
tailSr ITewark. CenterTille. San Jose, New
Almaileo. B>!tr»i. ItonMer Vr?et.
Santa Cm and Principal Way
Station* flO»J»i»»
4>l»p Newark, Hm Joa«, I<os Gatos 8i»«4
a9:30p Hnnters' Ex?nnlon. San Jose and
W«y?Ut?oe» «. t7r»0y
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rmaSlil rKnCISCO-'jat «r Harktt Xtri.t (Slit 8)—
r.M • 9:00 11:00*. M. 1:53 3:33 8:03r.M.
rriisOitURB— rMl*tBtwa>»T.— trt:00 U-00 13:03
10:00a.m. 12:03 2:03 t:03 5:15 r.u.
COAST DIVISION (Ilroail (laage).
(Third nnd Towngeml Stg.)
tOslOAOeean Vlow, :i«,.it:> .S»u Fraucixco.. (ttaitop
":*«<»* Hail .loss anil Way SUtli-nn (New
Almvien Weilneodaya only) liSUp
»i«O» Man J<me. Trea l'luos. Hmttx Cms,
Paoiilc <!m»e. 1'aso Kobiea, 8au
l.nls Otiimio, Surf, I.ompoc aud
rrincl;>»l Wa» Statl.ms -t«l«-
lot««» San Joa« am) Way Stations « t :i5%
I IiSOa Nan Jims ami Way SUtimis 5i»0P
fJi *-">r Sail Matro, Uetlwuoi!, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Bauta Clara. Man Jimm.
Tres Finos. .Santa Crux. Saliaaa,
'*-•''- Monterey ami J'acilic i!rn»a fl»:aai
tS:»»r »u Jotaaud Way Stations 7t3Up
t4:1.1r 8an Jose and Principal Way Stations *:43a
t A:WOp San Joso. Los Oatoa and Principal
Way Stations t»i««A
SiSOp San Joae ami Principal Way Stations 8>23a
O:3OrSan Josa and Wayflutlona t*>°**A
qlli4Sr 9an Joae and Way Stations 7i30p
AforMoniini P for A fsemoon.
t Himrtajr exempted. I Sunday only.
ff Mondays, Wednesday*, Fridays.
e Tueadsy*, Tboradays, 8 andjja. ¦*
a Saturday on It.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CALL ON
OR ADDRESS ANT AGENT OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY. OR
C. K DUNLAP, •
General Freight and Passenser Agent.
C. PORFIRIQ DIAZ. Coah, Mcx.
THE SHORTEST STANDARD GAUGE
LINE AND FASTEST TIME BETWEEN
PRINCIPAL CITIES IN THE UNITED
STATES AND MEXICO.
NO CHANGE OP CARS AT THE FRONT-
IER. THROUGH iULLMAN BUFFET
SLEEPING CARS DAILY BETWEEN NEW
ORLEANS AND THE CITY OF MEXICO.
MONTEREY AND DTJKANGO. DIRECT
LINE TO MONTEREY. DURANGO. ZACA-^
TECAS. AOUAS CAL1ENTE9. SAN LUI9
POTOSI. GUADALAJARA AND CITY OF
MEXICO. -ALL TRAINS MET AT THE
FRONTIER BY REPRESENTATIVE OF THE
PASSENGER DEPARTMENT TO ATTEND
TO INSPECTION OF BAGGAGE. EXCHANGE
OF MONEY. ETC
EAGLE PASS ROUTE.
DMHATIOHAl RAILROAD.
MEXICAN
Ooaracteed cmi»ct and bast quality.
OcnlUta* prescriptions filled. Factory on
premise*, Quick repalrlox. Phooe, Mala 10.
OPTlCIANS^L^APf^^w.
64Z Market ot. instruments
oHotR cMRowcs.tByn.otN6. Catalogue pR[t
Broken
Eyeglass
Lenset replawfl for 50 cent*. . ;
Any A"t)matlo leases duplicated for 91.00
end tl^O.
CALIFORNIA NOfiTHWESTcRN fil. CO.
LjBSSES
SAN .FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
Kan Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON FERRT-FCOT OF MARKET ST.
WELK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12c35. 3:30.
5:10. 6:S0 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:20 D. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m. : 1:30. 3:30, 5:00.
G:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Frnncmco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. «:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
S-.40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and «:S5 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, S:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park,
came schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | Nov. 7. 1900. ( San Franctsco.
~Weck I Sun- 1 I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluraa. 6:05 pm 10:26 am
6:10 pm| 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Falton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:23 am
Healdsburg.
, Lytton. .
Geyserville,
8:39 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:20 ami I Hopland I . j
I 8:00 -im! and Ukiah. | 7:33 pm! 6:22 pm
7:30 am I I |1O:2T. am
8:00 ami Guernevllle. 7:35 pml
3:30 pm I | 6:22 pm
7:r»0 am] 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:10 am
and
6:10 pm| 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:06 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami S:0Oaml 110:40 am 1 10:25 am
S:30 pml 5:00 pm| .Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and' White Sulphur Sprlnjjs: at Fulton
(or Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs- at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Bprtnps. Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ulciah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. >, Porno. Potfr Vallev
John Day's. Riverside.' Llerley*s. BuckneirV
Sanhedrin Heights. HullvlUe.Orr's Hot SDrlnirV
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,. Westport TJsaT
WilUtts. Laytonville. Cummlngs, Bell's Snrii^.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r«-
duced rates. ™*
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all noint.
beyond San RAfaet at half rates. PWnta
- Ticket offlce. 6S0 Market st.. Chronicle build-
""• °- G^ T S a ,er. %*?•*£?%«.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
Via Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing September 30 1900.
FROM SAN JHANCISCO^O^LL^ALLE,
"WEEK" DAYS— 8:55. »9:15 J100 ¦- m »l.«
3:15. 4:00, 8:15. ••6:15. -«:40 p. m ' ntt '
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valler «n* «.„
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays a^d H^t
urdays at 8:00 and il:85 pTm fe
SUNDAYS—^OO. *10:00 •11-10 « _ 1.1-
«:». -4:48. 6:30. 9:00 p. m. XB " :U
Trains marked (•) run to ° San o n .»M.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO BAN YR^NriRm
WEEK DATS-5:20. 4:J0 V« l>3o^ 2?'
•U-.30. 1:45. •3:10.- 4:80. S-Mr m '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondara. W«dne«dav«
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10-& \ *[* ln «*a* r i
BUNDAYS-*20. •g;^ *" .«".« . „
•1:40. 4:45. •«:»> p rnV U ' U *" "-
fMM i imV k v*T < V^V*^'™ 181 8 » n Q««tlii.
FKOM MIIyLj VALLEY TO BAM FRivmom
8:0^^ I 8^; 05 * 10: ° 5 a -- m -r UM - »:«.»:».
K THROUOH TRAINB.
.tat" at "• Wttk * u r- CmAm «<» way
sti : tlk>n.^ "¦ hl "* jriJI ** 1 -« way
•UMom?* ¦*¦ Bxmi *T— T °"rt- Mi wm>
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
am, CNICMCVTCR'S CR6U8N
PESKYROyfiL PILLS
ISfr^^Vi U KCD u * ColJ c«umo b«z«. mled
jtX -^lgfy»«>b;Berlbb©». T.kr no other. RcfkM
1 / «T •*¦••• ¦*/ •» T—t IfrucciM. or mb« 4«. IB
*AT_ ff ' t«r» MaU. IM.OOA TMlanltU. 8*14 k*
„ «»'««*"* Cateamter Cm «¦*!«*! C*.
UmtSm. tfali pt[«r MaJlMB !*«•*. PniLA?p£
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street F<rrr Depct.
~ I Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Iy.cal
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran.] 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton . 10:25 a 11:43 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno... 2:2) P 2:25 p 3:05 a
•' Honfortl . 1:22 p 3:27 p 7:05 a
" Vlealla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfield . 6:50 p «:Mp 7:30 a
" Kan. City ........ 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:C0 p |
a for mornins. p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train le the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleepinr Cars and Dining
Cars throush to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakercfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. Mo second clars
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 r. n». lt> the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palace
Sleeper, which cut* out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrive* at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7-20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
rcrpondlng train arrives at 8:40 a. ra. daily.
Officen— 64t Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1118 Broadway. Oak-
la nd^_ ¦
It's all well enough to be charitable, but
you should pay your debts first.
The head should be educated to think,
the heart to feel and the body to act.
rvery time I look at a newspaper
late.* I'm proud I'm a woman. Hardly
a day passes but the papers report
Borne great work done by a woman for
her sex, some large fortune expended
for the good of the race. Tears ago
Emma "Wlllard started woman's work
•when she begran her efforts toward
higher education for girls, and since
then our sex hn> never been out of the
iieJd of philanthropic work.
Think cf the schools for girls that
have been started since then, and the
great advancement made by women in
Bclcnce. Think of .the millions Mrs.
Phebe Hearst alone ha? plven to fur-
ther the work of the University of Cali-
fornia; then there are the donations of
Mrs. L-eland Stanford to the Stanford
TTniversity; the founding of the Emma
"WPJjird School for Girls by Mrs. Rus-
sell Sngf 1 . cv.ft hundreds of other gifts,
that women mi£-ht receive an equal
education with men.
I like to think, too, of the municipal
reforms started by womr-n. It is large-
ly due to their efforts that the streets
of our lerpe cities are clean, that ty-
phoid breeding places have been re-
moved. The uplifting of the poor,
teachirpr them to care for themselves.
seeing that they have pure mi!k; the:
founding of working girls' club«.
mothers' clubs . . . all these have
been aeeomplrrhed by v.-omen.
Then there is woman's work in war.
Men may boast about victories won.
but v.-here would the British army be j
to-day were it not for Florence Night-
ingale, or what would any of the
armies of the world be without the Red j
Cross Society, started by Clara Bar- j
ton? How many poor fellows have i
they saved from the grave and put Into
condition to again fight for their
country?
The X«w Maine, the hospital ship j
fitted up by American women to send j
to South Africa, was an act to be proud j
of, and no one can forget the efforts of [
Helen Gould to save the poor "tin"
Boldiers who had enlisted to fight in
the Spanish War. but who for the j
greater part got no further than near- i
by camps where they waited, and sick-
ened, and suffered, and died. Many a
sick soldier ov.-es his recovery to thlf
kind-hearted woman; many can thank
her for dainties they needed so much,
but vrhich the camp was unable to
supply. It wasn't as If she simply gave
the money to be used as It seemed best.
No, she herself went to camp, saw each
soldier, knew his needs, and then per-
sonally saw that they were supplied.
America has cause to be proud of her.
But best of all I like to think of the
•work being 1 done by Mrs. Pinkham,
for this Is entirely for those of her own
sex. Think of the thousands Mrs. J
Pinkham has cured! It Isn't as though ¦
Ehe merely saved one life In each In-
dividual case, either, for In strength-
ening women she makes them more
v.-orthy and able to become mothers of
strong, healthy children. Thus she
lays the foundation by which future
generations will become more perfect i
physically — and that surely is the I
greatest work of all. ;
The result of Mrs. Pinkham's efforts ;
reaches all. Every woman who is ill, j
whether rich or poor, whether young |
or old, may have the advice of Mrs. j
Pinkham. "without money and with- j
out price." She asks them all .to write ,
to her of their ailments, and when
they do write, she shows them how
they can be made well women, strong,
and healthy. You cannot find a single
¦woman who has not either been cured
herself or knows some one else who
has been cured by Mrs. Pinkhajn.
And that is why Mrs. Pinkham's
work is bo much better than any other.
Take the young girl g-oing to school.
She is getting white and thin and
round-shouldered from too much 6tudy.
Her mother writes to Mrs. Pinkham,
and before many months the young
girl Is rosy and eager to work.
A few years more and our young
girl has a position In shop or offlce, or
perhaps is filling a place In society.
Civilization to-day demands much of
the young woman, and often the place
Ehe fills In the world is entirely too
much for her strength. But to all
Mrs. Pinkham lends a helping hand.
If, when the day is done, they are too
tired to sleep, if every bone in the body
aches, if the back seems ready to
break, Mrs. Pinkham is Just the friend
they need. She will show them how to
cure all the pains, how to get so strong
that their work will never weary them.
Then comes the young married wo-
man. Before marriage, perhaps, she
has overworked, and is now too frail
to bear a child. Yet neither she nor
her husband v.'iir be happy without
one. and day by day they grow more
discontented. It is in cases like this
that Mrs. Pinkham has done her most
effective work. Hundreds of proud
mothers write letters of gratitude, en-
closing photographs of handsome chil-
dren that are the pride of their homes.
And so on through the years of a
woman's life. When trouble comes,
•when housework is too heavy, when
the nerves are all unstrung, -when the
change of life occurs, Mrs. Pinkham
Is ever ready to help and cure. Thou-
sands of women sing her praises every
day . . . women happy and content-
ed, who before they took Mrs. Pink-
ham's advice were slclc. and nervous,
and fretful, and utterly unable to do
their share in making home happy. I
do hope that every woman who doesn't
feel Just right, no matter what her
trouble, will write to Mrs. Pinkham at
her home in Lynn. Mass.. and learn
from her how to become well and
strong. HELEN MARVIN.
Being a Chapter in Which Helen
Marvin Commends Her Sex for
Its Good Deeds, and Is Thank-
ful She Belongs to It.
WOMEN'S WORK FOR WOMEN
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
t Successor to Dr. LAI PO TAI
rraduate of Canton Medical
College, after a very success-
ful practice of many years In
China, has located In San
Francisco. The surprising and
marvelous cures effected by
his herbs demonstrate their
potence and hla skill. Thes*
• herbs cure over 40O different
diseases. Including Bright'*
Disease* Diabetes, Consump.
.- — ; . tlon. Aithma. raralysls. Brain.
Nerve. Cancers. Tumors. Blood. Mote and F<£
mala Maladlea. All persona afflicted with any
kind of malady whatsoever are Invited to calL
Office, 727 Washington it. Offtoe hour*- J &,
m. to 12 m.. 1 to 9 p. m.; Sundays. 10 a. m. to
u m. Accept grateful thanks for effecting a
cur* of asthma of several y-arV standing .
A, DAKLET, ja*a Bafa«V ,
TONG f=»O CSH^V.
BEFORE DURING AFTER
yzSkstf^ 1^ %Yor!d Famous- Mariani Tonic
FOR BODY AND BRAIN
\Affi$^£(weJr^ Sinco 1SC3, Eadorsed by Medical FYofessfon.
mediate lasting efficacious egreeabJe
¦ At Druggists Every wh"r\ Refuse Substitutes.
KATLWAY THAVEL. -&h _t_ -_-.-,-.-.
un tne re x
';'-. . you can travel with speed as well as |
S>i; comfort from San Francisco to Chi- J
||: cago" in 75 hours. Leaves every morn- j
<\\ ing at 9 o'clock. . . ;|
I California 1
i limited I
ft More Bargains and Bigger Bargains Wspp. II B
g In this season's styles only. New Dresses, Jackets and Fur Garmsnfs W^^^^ / H
M on sale at one-half to one-third less than eirar sold in this city. vwiuf^^ £ Hi
M THIS SEASON'S JACKETS. FUR CAFE3 AND COLLARETTES wM I J i\ 9
tq $10.00 TAN COVERT CLOTH *, - o FUR COT T 4RFTTFS M / A- H
W JACKETS,. silk lined, now. 9- ». OO cnt; n Unpri now K.*? O(> »£a / Xk 19
KtB <!t-j m TTT7PCTTV f~J ATU T A r« • Satin lineu, now *j»t*. v<r pj*. [ f ; Rf|
fin •pl^.50 JVCKolil CLUlrl AC- Cinnn rHMmWATTDM T7TTT? m*^ Wj/JR '. B*i
tf'tim VT?TC Mt i* j atw tri* oIO.OO IVl JD 1 IN A 1 IWiN i'UK . SftSi I Bnl
VM KJiTb, silk lined, now $7.50 COLLARETTES, now.... $6.OO .'.iaj V^T^ \\\ H
EJ3 AUTO BOX JACKCTS $i S .oo CHINA SEAL FUR |K >=^t» \V\\: ffl%
m $1500 PLAID BACK COVERT CAPES. i6in. deep. now.. $K>.00 ftK \f^ \\\\\ fil
M CLOTH BOX JACKETS, now $16.00 ASTRAKAN YOKE and \\U \\\\\ ffl
M A -.910.00 BALTIC SEAL CAPES, now llf WvA» fit
pi $17.50 KERSEY CLOTH BOX $11.50 \\¥i \.\\\\\ E9
m JACKETS, satin lined, now $45.00 NEAR SEAL FUR TAC- UK |\\\\ M
M' ;;•- •• 912.50 KETS, now .......... .930.00 JIK ||\ ( W
M $22.50 KERSEY CLOTH BOM D1INV r, AV « VII?^« fll|2 \\ W\Vv S
II JACKETS satin lined. now ~ RAINY-DAY SKIRTS. WUl : I'lV-. E|
pi J?l«.r>0 $5.00 PLAID BACKS. 10 rows |}K If. M
E| TAFLOR-MADO DRESSF.«. titc^j^^k'r^'-rj o4?*°« IJIS \ f M
0 $15.00 BLACK CHEVIOT DRESSES. $"-5o PLAID BACK CLOTH, all 3jiBPa A \ V
|1 Jie.B^Blo^SE'bRWssWsrno^vV.!:!!!! $izso >1 ' SKIRTS," with ' voice 'and ffli^^O^ ' \ \ H
Wi $22.5b"'TRIMMEb' DRESSES.' "noV! '.\*.°. buckles, now $7.50 WjSj^i^^^^v^__^^^ 11
'Wj mdo'VBLVBT'TTffififMBD DRESSES, ' ; LONG STRBF.T SKIRTS. " Ji JM^^^i, |
m now ••- ( :"^;-— ;^ S22 - 50 $S.oo BLACK SERGE SKIRTS^^SW^PfePi^i^
fri CLOTH WAISTS, black and all col- ?».5O PEBBLE CHEVIOT '3ai£aV* : - : - J^a— gd
fe| ora, now.. ..»1. $1.25 and $1.50 SKIRTS, now ............ 96.OO, . ll [. m *.**+* ' gfl
hi Country Orders Carefully Filled. Satisfaction Guaranteed. LONG AUTOHOBILES. raj
KJ . " iS|i!iSj $25.00 *i LENGTH KKRSET («
I.KELLY&LIEBES' c^ dSllitHouse ' °^piS^il I
m XjlJJJLJJL. A UU JLJJLJUaJLJJUk) 120 KEARNY SI w.m-lono auto coats. \M
Km ««v lEunun i wx. elegrant linings, n<w. . *3<>.OO ISS
uDVZKTISEItEKTS.Camera Club Md-ting.
The monthly jneetlnff and entertainment
of the California Camera Club will ba
held afthe clubrooms ln the Academy oC
Sciences bulldine Tuesday at 8 p. m. A
set of prize lantern glides will be shown
during the evening:, followed by a pro
gramme in which the following: clever
people- win appear: Little Cecil Cowlea,
Dr. -W. H. Sleberst and Mlsa Emily Cole
maa. sW3B
The experiments, which have been ex
tended over a period of six months, have,
according to the physicians, made practi
cable a new system of bleeding and sub
stitution of salt solutions for persons suf
fering from pneumonia, typhoid, malarial
fevers, peritonitis., acute •-, and chronic
Bright s disease and all* heart affections
resulting from the last named complaint
Much success has followed all their ex
periments, the physicians say, particular
ly --those made with pneumonia and
Bright's disease, . .
In their experiments the physicians used
more than 100 dogs, and found it possible
to withdraw 70 per cent of the circulation
from an animal before it was necessary
to inject a stimulant. The final test was
made on a dog from which. 90 per cent of
the blood had been withdrawn. A needle
connected with a salt water/apparatus
containing a 2 per cent solution was in-
Eerted ln the jugular vein, and a second
needle inserted in the Junction of the
large veins lying close to the heart. After
the blood had been drawn off the salt so
lution was forced in around the heart and
Into Vhe vessels of the brain. The doff
was aNe tS stand inside of an. hour, and
on the following day was able. to walk.
A human patient suffering with pneumo
nia who was operated .upon recovered in
much shorter lime than Is the rule with
those stricken '.vith that disease. In cases
of malaria the injection of the salt solu
tion was made directly into the spleen
and ln six weeks all the symptoms of the
disease had disappeared. No- claim was
a cure had been effected in
peases of Bright's disease, the physician*
merely asserting that they had removed
several of the most troublesome feature*
of the complaint. ¦ .
CHICAGO. Jan. 5.— As. a result of a pro
tracted series of experiments with salt
solutions, the efficacy of which in pro
longing life was recently increased by
Professor Loeb of the University of Chi
cago, two prominent physicians " here
claim to have remonstrated that ln cases
of great loss of blood by disease or in-
Jury normal salt solution as a restorative
will save life even when 90 per cent of the
blood has been lost.
of the Blood Is
Lost.
demonstrate That Life May Be
Sav-ed When Ninety Per Cent
Interesting Experiments Be
ing Conducted by Chicago
Physicians.
SALT SOLUTION
US A RESTORATIVE
' Some ' additional - facts are supplied by
th« Toronto Mall and Empire concerning
the deal In coa^ mines which Sir William
Van Home and his associates have made
in the Okanognn district, in the interior
of British Columbia. The company they
have orgnnired has been. capitalized at $4,
000,000. The ultimate proposal of the com
pany Is to control the entire coal and coke
business;, in connection with mining, in
the interior, in opposition to the hightir
developed properties ln the Crows Nest
Pass. The. directorate of the new com
pany is ¦ composed of Sir W. C." Van
Home, C. R..Hosmer, R.'B. Angus. W. D,
Matthews and other Eastern capitalists.
The powers of the company are to acquire
and operate coal fields over a district ex
tending fifty miles from the southern end
of Okanogan. The Fairview corporation
two years ago prospected the ground and
sold M coal I to B the • surrounding v neighbor
hood^-Transportation was so difficult that
th« ooal project was dropped for the time
b«in<r. -Now that 6ir WUflanvVan Horn*
and nis business associates are taking up
The Director of the Mint In his prelim
inary estimate of the production of gold
and silver ln the United States for the
year 1900 affords a basis for interesting
comparisons. The aggregate of gold is es
timated to be 3,532,213 line ounces, the
value being $79,322,2S1, and the 'silver out
put is placed at G9.630.543 ounces, valued at
$36,262,431, on the basis of^the approximate
average price of 61 cents per ounce for the
year. The estimates for. California coin
cide within a few dollars with those pre
viously given out by Superintendent
Leach and Statistician Charles G. Yale of
the branch mint in this city, the figures
being: Gold. $14,377,200: silver, $556,808. ap
plying the average price of 61 cents to the
quantity reported to have been produced.
Colorado. is credited with $29,F>00,000 In gold
values for 1900, Montana $5,126,615. Nevada
$2,250,000, Ortgon $1,175,762, South Dakota
$G,617,67Q, Utah $4,237,726, Arizona $3,500,030,
Alaska $7,771,000 and Washington $826,872.
•The greatest silver producer is Colorado,
with Montana second, Utah third and Ari
pona fourth. Colorado's silver product
was 20,292,000 ounces, Montana's IC.750,000,
Utah's 9,500,000. .
The Pacific Coast holds its own as a
gold producer. The total for Alaska, Ari
zona, California, Oregon, Utah and Wash
ington is $31,888,561. The falling off in the
gold production of California from $15,336,
031 in 1899 to $14,337,200 in 1900 Is .attributed
to the lack of -water. . . The outlook for
water for the coming year owing to the
huge deposits of snow that has just fallen
in the mountains, Is good. The extension
of the work of the dredgers, -which are
estimated to have an output of $1,000,000
for tho year Just closed, will also help to
swing the figures back in the right direc
tion. Several new plants will also be pro
ducing the yellow metal.
This is the period when mining statistics
abound. Crippll Creek is the theme of
some of the statisticians. The Dally Min
ing Record makes the claim that the dis
trict produced '$22,569,875 last year. The
past week rounded out the tenth year of
the existence of the camp. The Mining
Record says: .
During tho decade the<-minen have produced
$95.249.2&O.. and have paid public dividends
amounting to (18.630,975 37, while about )2.0OO,C00
has been carried out by the successful leaaei,
and $5,000,000 remains in the treasuries of the
leading mlnlntr stock companies as cash assets
available for future dividends.- This will make
the totel profit* taken from Cripple Creek s In
the way of dividends paid and available $£5,000 -
COO. Twice what has been distributed as divi
dend* has been paid out in wages, making the
dividends distributed to labor %?J), 000, 000. The
remaining 120,000,000 .has been consumed In the
installation of heavy plants of machinery, the
conduction of extensive mining; operations and
lrv meeting the other items of expenditure in
cident to mining. ¦ ' -. ¦
f
All Signs Are Favorable for
an Increased Output
This Year.
MINING RETURNS
FOR LAST YEAR
The Los Angeles Oil Exchange is no
more. The Los Angeles Stock Exchange
has taken 4ts place. The old organization,
under the new name will deal in the fu
ture in mining and bank stacks in addi
tion to oil stocks. This change haa been
anticipated for some time. No unlisted
stocks are to be called on the floor, al
though trading in such securities may go
on among members iri an Informal man
ner, without any record of the transac
tions being made. Only a -single member
of any firm or corporation will be permit
ted hereafter to do any trading in the
exchange at one time. Such is the gen
eral statement of the facts made by the
Los Angeles Express. It Is not long since
there were two oil exchanges in full
swing ln Los Angeles. The fact was that
tho thing was overdone. Unlisted stocks,
which were long the bone of contention,
between the two exchanges, have now
been given a back seat. There is a busi
ness moral in this that a man riding- by
in an automobile can see. On all trans
actions in the Los Angeles Stock fix
change of the value of 50 cents or over
a commission of one per cent on the value
of the transaction may be charged.
.The output of the Fullerton fields dur
ing the month of December is estimated
to have been 51,000 barrels. This district,
together with other southern districts,
sttll struggles with the price to be paid
on oil contracts. Better prices have been
offered than were expected two months
ago, but there are no large 1901 contracts
yet to placa on record.
There appears to have been a mistaken,
notion abroad that the "scrlppers" would
not be a very formidable factor in the fu
ture of the oil industry of California.
This impression seems likely to be dis
sipated soon. There Is a lively lobby at
Washington hard at work. One of their
first points of attack is the mineral lands
bill, which*has been advocated for a long
time . by the California Miners' Associa
tion. This fact binds the interests of the
mineral claimants - to oil land and the
miners for metals closer together In in
terest than before. The oil miners and
all other miners whatsoever ln the State
have an equal interest in foiling the
"scrippers." The "scrippers" believe, so
the news comes from Washington, that
If they can hold up the mineral lands bill,
which would injure their chances for tak
ing up oil lands with forest reserve scrip,
they will be able to get a new case before
the Interior Department, with a possible
prospect of having: Commissioner Her
mann's decision reversed. The Interests
at stake are too great to warrant a hope
of speedy settlement of the pending con
troversy. ' •
An interesting experiment has been suc
cessful in the Los Angeles field. There is
an artesian water belt In the oil field
about Western avenue and the water haa
caused no end of .trouble to the well
drillers. Water flowed a 10-inch stream
above casings that projected fifteen feet
above the surface. The Cahuenga Oil
Company solved the difficulty. Petroleum
cams up with the water, showing that the
fuel was in reach, but .the problem was
how to shut oft the water. The drillera
decided that the oil must come from a
stratum above the water and tried the ex
periment of plugging the hole at the
depth of 500 feet. Inside of half a day
after this was done the pump was bring
ing up a pure utream of crude oil, the
water having been exhausted by rapid
pumping-.. ~
The northern counties ar« puahins"th«
work of well drilling satisfactorily and
the owners are expecting to "strike oil"
in payingr quantities. There will be same
failures, of course. Some well may open
up a district ao larsre as the Kern River
field. Every field haa had a begtonto*.
The- opinion* of the State jDneraloiflat
and of Profeaior Watta are that therm
Mineral Claimants Are Not
Through'With Scrip
Contestants.
DEVELOPMENT
WINNING WEALTH
Hotel floated snatches of aria and scraps
from tne opera. In the snowy street be
low her window the late passers-bv.
halted by the blrd-llke trills of her fail-
Ing voice, listened reverently when they
knew that the little singer was dying. In
the midst of the air. "I'll Give You a
Kiss." the singer's voice faltered, then
ceased and her last audience knew that
she was dead.
Railroad Sheds Burned.
BOSTON, Jan. 5.— Fire to-day in the
hay sheds of the Boston and Maine Rail
road in Chariestown did $113,000 damage.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5.— The handsome
clubhouse of the New York Athletic Club
on Travers Island was destroyed by fire
to-day. It was caused by badly insulated
electric wires. L«oss $75,000.
Clubhouse Destroyed.
I/)NTX)N, Jan. 5.— A dispatch from Ma
nila states that the bark Leonora, flying
the United States flag, has been wrecked.
Part of the crew were landed, but Ihe
remainder, including the captain, are
missing.
mainder, Including the Cap
tain, Are Missing.
Fart of Crew Is Landed, but the Re-
BARE LEONORA IS
A TOTAL WRECK
NE1Y YORK. Jan. 5.— J. P. Morgan
& Co. arc reported by a Wall
street news bureau as announ
cing that they have bought the
control of the Central Railroad
of New Jersey and have offered it to the
Reading Company, which has accepted
the proposition.
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 5.— President
Harris to-day practically confirmed the
frtory from New York that Morgan & Co.
had "secured the Central Railroad of New
Jersey and offered the property to the
Reading. He refused to discuss the de
tail? or terms.
Additional confirmation of the deal was
given here to-night by a member of the
BELLE BARTLETT
DIES SINGING
In Last Hour of Delirium
She Imagines Hersolf
on the Stage.
eyeclsJ Diepatdi to The CsJL
DENVER, Jam. 5.— The merry little air
from '.The Viceroy." "I'll Give You a
Kivss" was the death sons of Miss Belle
Eartlett. a singer in the Bostonians. who
di«-d here last night. Miss Bartlett was
a niece of Jessie Bartlett Davis. Her
stage name was Belle Fremont Her last
performance was ln the part of Annabel
in "Robin Hood" a week .i«*o last Thurs
day Right, when sh© took to her bed with
pneumonia.
In the delirium of her closing hours.
Miss Kartlett was arain on the Ft^e in
her favorite role in "The Viceroy."
Through the still corridors of the Tremont
The Herald haa made frequent reference to
the case of H. P. Crlpps et a!, against the
Aetna Petroleum Company and contra suits
instituted against Crlppa and hla associates
by the Aetna Company. In a brief opinion
handed down a fe^r days asro. Judge TVelborn
of the United States District Court dacided.
that where two parties claim th* same oil
land, neither shall govern tha other by Injunc
tion .until they have their several titles adjudi
cated by the General Land Office. The Issues
were set forth In the two separate cases of tha
Aetna Petroleum Company vs. Henry P. Cripps
et a!., on Injunction. Both parties to the ac
tion assert title to the same oil lands ln Fresno
County, and some weeks ago the Aetna secured
an Injunction preventing Crlpps from exploring
for oil. This injunction waa dissolved aad an
explication for a similar injunction denied. The
court held that equity would nor permit either
party to despoil the property while Its title was
being determined ln the land office. The de
fendants were not to be prevented from mak
ing: such explorations aa would enable them to
overcome. If they could, the prim* facie evi
dence aa to the character of the land as de
termined by the Government survey. Coos«»
quently both parties are In possession/ of tha
land. The petroleum company put scrip on tho
land, and will now have to wait until the land
office eettles the scrip question.
It Is. figured out that there are now 4500
producing wells ln California.
Heavy machinery has been ordered by
the Sunset Center Oil and Development
Company and as soon as it la Installed on.
the company's lands ln Kern County. 10
11-2J. which will be about the 15th lnst.,
drilling will be commenced. The company
has engaged C. F. Summers of Oakland
as superintendent.
• The Hanford Journal has a long account
of a recent visit of inspection to tho
Coalinga field. The estimate la roado
that there are S3.0CO barrels of oil in stor
age in tanks at Oil City and vicinity.
The output of l'JOO in the district is esti
mated at 2S4S barrels, as against 313-1 in
1SW. .
Natural, eas has been struck In an
artesian well in Alum Rock Park. San,
Jose.
Oil has been discovered at Rosalia,
Wash., near Rock Lake, and the peoplo
are excited.
A singular phase of the oil land owner
ship issue Is reported by th© Los Angeles
Herald as follows:
L. Van Vlack, the contractor, arrived home
yesterday from the Richardson Springs prop
erty, where he has** been for several days en
gaged ln erecting a derrick. The machinery
purchased last week will be shipped to-morrow
by river steamer and will arrive at Chlco Land-
Ing some time next week. Just as soon as it
arrives it will be taken out to the oil fields
and the work of Installing the plant will fol
low Immediately.
The Chlco Enterprise says:
The Fresno Democrat reports that ex
perts look confidently for a larger output
from Coallnga. Xew territory is con
stantly being developed. The- Pioneer
Pipe Lin© Company has a mound graded
at the oil station, half a mile east ot
Coalinga, for another big oil tank. A
new company has been formed to drill in
San Diego County in the district east of
Banner. Work is proceeding steadily at
Moreno.
The Bakersfield California^, says that
it Is probable that the construction of the*
railroad to the Sunset district will begin
within thirty, days. The grading outfit
is at Gesford, awaiting the signal to go
to work.
The Orovtlle Register reports that a
well near Orovllle Is down ISO feet. Pro
gress is being made on several wells in
Glenn County.
are just as good areas' in the State as
have already been discovered.
the project it is expected that the whole
field will be thoroughly opened.
The Peacock group of copper mines In
the Lava Bed mining district of San Ber
nardino County, eight miles south of
Lavic station on the Santa Fe, has been
sold to an Eastern syndicate. Develop
ment work will soon begin. The company
will put up a flfty-ton concentrating plant
and will run a 600-foot tunnel to intersect
work that has already been done. The
former owners worked the property about
four years. The group comprises the Tip-
Top, Kenton, Tip-Top extension, Annex
and Summit mining claims, two lime
claims, Don Carlos and William, which
were located with the view to using lime
as a flux in smelting, and also a mill site.
The Southwestern Miners' Association
is trying to build up a bureau of informa
tion concerning the mining industry of
the Southwest. A strong effort is being
made to bring together mine owners who
need men and miners who are out of
work. -
According to the Redding Searchlight,
there is a good prospect for the location
of a smelter In the Callahans mining dis
trict In Stskiyou County during the pres
ent year. ,
- "The miners In Siskiyou County," so
says the Scott Valley Advance, "are com
plaining of having too much water for
present use. A great amount of damage
has been done to several new ditches."
The Redding Free Press tells of activity
In filing mining location notices in Shasta
County. County Recorder Lowden re
ceived over thirty filings one day. The
filings were for Buckeye, French Gulch,
Chumtown, Centerville, South Fork,
Shasta. Old Diggings,. Backbone and I»ow
er Springs districts. ¦
The Philadelphia Commercial List,
speaking of the tabulated statements con
cerning the production of the mines of
tho United States, calls attention to the
changes that have taken place in the pro
duction of various products. It says:
i The value of plglron ln 1S30 was $lal,0C0,0CO.
ln 1899 $245,000,<X/0. That of copper has risen
from (3,000,000 ten years ago to $14,000,000 in
1899. Zlno from J6.WO.000 to $13,000. Aluminum
from tOl.000 ln 1S90 to U. 700,000. Bituminous
coal,' the value of which was $110,000,000 ln
1S90, was $167,000,000 in 18S9. And so we might
continue down the list of structural materials,
bricks, cements, etc., chemicals, pigments and
sixty different products enumerated aa the
mineral products of the United States. Their
Infinite variety and character cannot but Im
press tho reader with the vast and wonderful
resources of this country- j, ;
John Byrne, inspector of mines In Mon
tana, has submitted a report for the year
1900. This ' shows | that there are 13.000
men employed in the State as miners, an
Increase of 1000 over the year 1S99. With
the report is a statement concerning the
depth of various mines in Butte and also
the number of men employed by each.
Thc'Anaconda employs 853 men and heads
tho list. No mine in the district is down
more than 2200 feet. The Anaconda is
down 1S90 feet. Twenty mines are less
than 1000 feet deep and half this number
are under 500 feet. Ten thousand miners
are employed in the Butte district. Cop
per Is now produced ln Beaverhead, Deer
Lodee,- Granite, Jefferson and Madison
counties, * and Lewis, Clarke and Teton
counties promise ¦ to become important ln
this line, but Silver Bow is distinctively
the copper county of the State. -
;¦ C. F. tOwen; State Inspector of Coal
Mines In Washington, reports that returns
from different coal mines in the State
Indicate- that this year's output will reach
2.250,000 tons, as against 1,037,000 last year.
He estimate! that. there are 500 more men
employed in coal mining this year thnn
last, when some 3300 were on the pay
rolls. Two- new coal mines havo been
opened, one at Lea'ry and the other at
Fairfax. Besides these five other mines
are now being opened; The year has been
a record-breaker in: the matter of devel
opment, one of the principal features be
ing- the prospecting of vast coal areas
in Lewis County. •
r?.Th«i' total .value of precious metals
treated by smelters and ; mills in Colo
lado in- the year 1900 was 184.296.294. Tho
gold was .worth $43,740,432: silver $18,611.-.
656; lead J13.024.4S9; copper J3.6SS.672. Theso
figures are taken from the Rocky Moun
tain Newa. - - :, - r. .
- The ' bullion • totals -'for each ore treatment
plant In the Colorado; territory are given with
the Omaha and Argentine plant*. - and the
United . States oconcie* at - N«w . Vork. Phila
delphia and St. Louf*.. confined to Colorado
ores and bullion. . In 1S99 the chemical plants.
In which chlorlnatlon - and ¦• cyanide are us<»d,
produced $7,119,794. -Their, output for last year
wau $10,165,123, showing a: gain of $3,015,329, ; or
In excews of 42 per cent.;. The other »yBtem«
represented , ln the table are stampmlll ana 1
gramatlon and . plaoerlna;— which are covered by
the - Denver.- branch mint . fleures — lead basts
¦melting, copper basis ¦ smelting ; and ilno
lead basis srntitlnr. For th* first time Is many
yean there is Do return front pyritio Bmeltlna\
Payment of the New Jersey Central
stock purchase will be made by the Read
ing company by means of low rate col
lateral trust bonds, the purchase stock
to be the basis upon which such bonds
will be issued by the Reading company.
It is reported that in all likelihood the
Lehigh Valley Railroad Company will
also Become part of the Reading system,
and in case it does it will not be by least*,
but by purchasing a controlling interest
executive committee of the board of di
rectors of the Reading company, who
further stated that the directors of the
company would meet Monday to officially
complete the purchase and arrange for
the formal transfer of the Jersey Central
stock to its new owners.
Northern Pacific and Great Northern
Begin the Work in Montana.
HEL.EXA, Mont.. Jan. 5.— The Northern
Pacific and Great Northern railways have
notified their agents that beginning Feb
ruary 1 passenger rate3 in Montana will
be reduced from i to 3 cents per mile
It is expected the Oregon Short Line
at Great Falls and Canada, Burlington
and other roads will do likewise.
REDUCING PASSENGER RATES.
Secure Concessions Prom the North
ern Pacific-; Company.
ST. PAUL. Minn., Jan. 5.— George L.
Hampton of Tacoma. Wash., press repre
sentative of the grievance committee of
the Northern Pacific Telegraphers, who
have been negotiating with the officials of
thatconwany since December 9 last, to
night gave the Associated Press the fol
lowing statement:
»u" We h , ave nnis hed our negotiations with
tne railroad ofllcials and are returning
home very well satisfied with the result.
The statement that we are going awav
disgruntled and that a strike Is likely to
occur is absolutely untrue. General Man
ager Kendrick, who has conducted tho
negotiations on the uart of the company,
has been uniformly courteous* in his treat
ment of our committee, and while we
have not been able to secure- evervthinicr
we asked, concessions have been * marie
which are highly Important to us. In
the first placo the company agrees that
every operator, day and night, shall have
eight consecutive hours 'for rest. This is
of great benefit to stations where but a
single operator is employed, for under
the present system of 'calls' he is liable
to be routed out at any time and his
rest broken in upon so that he is unfit
for duty. Then we have secured a re
duction of two hours in the tima of 'split
trick' men, and the allowance of an hour
for meals in each twelve-hour trick. This
Is something that has never before been
allowed by the road. In the relay offlca
from Duluth to the coast hours have
been reduced from nine to eight and a
half.
"The company was disinclined to grant
our request for recognition of the Order
of Railway Telegraphers, but have
agreed to recognize us as a body of em
ployes. This is practically what we want
ed — It does not make material difference
whether we are recognized na a labor
organization or not so long as the com
pany is willing to treat us as a body.
The question of wages was one of mi
nor importance, and we are satisfied that
it will be properly adjusted.
"The agreement has been signed in be
half of the company by yi. C. Klmberley
and O. C. Green, and has been accepted
by the grievance committee in behalf of
the operators. The presence of Mr.
Dolphin, the president of the Order of
Railway Telegraphers, has no slgniflcanco
whatever. Mr. Dolphin is always called
in whenever a grievance committee of a
system has reached an agreement with
the company, and his position is an ad
visory one only. I will say. however, that
Mr. Dolphin is as well satisfied as we
are with the concessions we have gained.
Whatever talk there has* been of the pos
sibility of a strike has not emanated
from any member of this committee, and
our relations with the company a.:id its
officials have never been pleasanter than
at present. It is true that the company
sent some thirty or forty operators West
as a precautionary measure, but we un
derstand that they have been recalled."
TELEGRAPHEHS-ITOT TO STRIKE.
\\ n } a S ro P crt - v - T^s interest. It is be
tn^l'K* as « n ? w . been secured, as it was
to-nlKht officially announced by E. T.
fhnt C s £ ur >\ a member of the Drexel firm.
riMo? 1 ??*?! & » Go - have Purchased the
thVntfV a l Iey ? a . iIri >«« Company stock
p«nKr i 1^" h r eld by the- estate of Asa
.Packer and the I^enlgh University.
J. P. Morgan & Co. Buy Control of Central of New Jersey and
Sell the Property to Reading Company-Telegraphers Se
cure Concessions on . Northern Pacific—Strike Averted
RAILROAD COMBINATIONS AND
DEALS APPEAR TO BE THE ORDER
OF THE DAY AMONG EASTERN LINES
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. JANUARY 6, 1901.
JAMES J. HILL, PRESIDENT OF THE GREAT NORTHERN, WHO IS RE
PORTED TO HAVE SOCCESSFULLY NEGOTIATED ONE OF THE
MOST GIGANTIC RAILWAY DEALS OF RECENT YEARS.
The most charming effects in natural
wood moldings In the- dull Flemish and
polished flniBhes. Many new tints in mat
boards recently added. : Tiny blacks
grays, greens, mahogany and gilt .mold
ings "Used for framing small .pictures-pro
duce such pretty gams for wall furnish
ings at most. reasonable prices. Banborn,
Vail & Co.; 741 Market street. *
Good Effects in Framing.
This afternoon, weather permitting, the Park
Band will, render the following- numbers: <~ .
March, "American Republic"............ Thlere
Overture, "Merry Wives of Windsor".. Nlcolai
Selection. "The Black Hussar"...... Mllloteker
AVatt», "ArtUt*', Life" Strauss
Descriptive, "Musical Tour of JSurope"
Overture. "Morning," Noon and Night" '. . Buppo
Bong. "La Noel" .*..,. Adam
Themes from "Faust": Gounod
Intermeiio. "BaJoma" Loralno
March. "Salute to San Francisco"
......... f ..... ....E. L. Merrltt
Park Music Programme.
Let's Make It Unanimous.
A step in the right direction. The Re
tail Clerks' Protective Association Is all
right.
I wish I was a member of it. I am.
ln a sense, for the "Art Carpet Shop"
closes at 6 "tight as a drum."
If the bosses want to stay after 9 to
try and sell a few miserable dollars'
worth of poods, why let them. But \S
the rood . citizens ot our royal city will
stand by. the clerks and make their pur
chases In the daytime, the proprietors
will soon ret tired of standing on one lei;
watching the gas burn for customers thai
never come. ¦ E. .T>. BERRI.
22S Powell street. •
21
VCe answer the ques-
y-~rr*fr~^^ tions briefly. It you
r^*"^k cut an ******' ln
/ x^L'kSw y° ur arm you °°
/ not tak© internal
}"fc. fr-l^«^a medicine to Mop the
C~\ \* *)}$l L'SE LOCAL AP-
iSj SS^W PLICATIONS. Sim-
1 *3B^ TT marly when the ure-
>'^-; jf _^sja thral ducts become
jUk iC*sVit*». weakened and re-
P*Jdn~X-m Stir lous t0 take Internal
treatment, which must pass through the
stomach and urine before It reaches the
seat of disease. The seminal ducts project
Into the uretnral canal through the Pros-
tate Gland, and are easily reached by LO-
CAL TREATMENT. The St. James treat-
ment Is prepared ln the form of crayons.
very narrow, emooth. flexible and wholly
soluble, which are Inserted into the water
passage at night, where \hcy dissolve
and deposit the medication in 1U full
•trensrtli upon the
Prostate Gland, •
Contracting and strengthening the ducts,
PGRKVEK STOPPING drains and emis-
sions, and purtnc while the patl»fit elrepn.
I>r. Carter's "Gran-Solvent" soluble
Bouries will dissolve, digest «nd^ foret'er
remove urethral
Every Man Should Know Himself.
EEC prepaid • •
HOME TREATMENT CAJf ZL^rFtHZ Z&8&& na
St. James Assn., 250 Elm St., Cincinnati, O.
Stricture
In 15 days, without pain, injury or Incon-
venience. The bougies arc inserted at
night and act while you sleep. "Gran-
Solvent" (remove* every symptom of
stricture, leaving the canal as healthy
as when nature formed It. NO BRUTAL
CUTTING OR DILATING. NO INJEC-
TIONS TO IIIRITATE THE MEM-
1IRANE. NO INTERNAL DllUGQING
TO UUIK THK STOMACH. The St.
James treatment is local, direct and posi-
tive.
Varicocele.
Varicooele Is an accumulation of slug-
gish blood in the veins of the scrotum,
due solely to imperfect circulation, and
hns Its origin in a diseased and torpid
Prostate Gland. Operations in this dis-
ease are only temporary, and no me-
chanical device yet discovered has cured
a dngle case. Oran-Solvcnt heals the
Prostate and restores healthy circulation.
Varlcoccla disappears and, tho sluggish
accumulation is replaced hy pure, healthy,
red blood. .
19,846 men strictured. weak, wasting and
despondent were cured »nd restored by
the St. James method last year. A vast
army of men. in whom the- light of life
has penetrated the -fearful nightmare of
stricture and seminal decay.
Why Weak Men Are Restored by the Magic SU James Treatment
Applied Locally and Directly to the Affected Parts. ; 3
Why the Frightful Tension of Stricture is Dissolved Like Snow
Beneath the Sun— IN FIFTEEN DAYS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
, A lucky Catch for You and Our Evar-Popular Corset Department Has It's a Very Sensible Vogua That Coon- Has the Little One a Cough, i
1 for Us. Another Surpr's? for Its Ever- , teoances tfia Short Walking or Coused From Bedclothes |f
1 a r»n' 000 yards of - Ready Customers. Fa'ny-Day Skirl. Being Thrown Off at Nkjht? V
CTa EMBROIDERY an d LADIES' EMPIRE GIRDLE COR- lA^ . Have you experienced !L ->
•StiKjti INSERTION !n nhnni SETS, made *»f pood fast black sateen the (reeilol _ th(1 .. rhlf . ( 7..'9^ ,*'I U ? V n l .P r event the f
• SWFv JnaEh liUff in about or wMlte sateen, well boned and ¥» rreedom. the chic- n\gvi clothes being thrown off. but &
K3&\ 500 diffjrent oat- steeled, trimmed with lace beading *£J ness, of one yet? If not PT7>) you c?n , P»" p vent the cold
i ftf*T\l^ , OH A i, l and satin ribbon; others ask $1.00 for /j«k here Is an opportunity ) contracted while the chiM la ;
i .JgljM.-'®^-*'*'/;*"?™ M$L not to be overlooked. \ Si^leSW-'SSJift '* ffta J
\ -/rSaSP S *" SS ¦ ">onufaeiur- P pop'i:XiiiFa WHO V" aIx-T STAXri ! LADIES- S K I R T S. ) made ot P iSpertSrTn" ' fabric" £
la 5^£$&m er ' s eni ; r3 suro / us THF PRF^f'PP nF A ST^P /Mk ma^ °,i 5ood» quality / 70 per cent wool, smooth and W
I? , . . , A -ri" vvpr t nSn mufn- lf\if wwi /##! wool-golfing w e 1 1 e d /•/ aoft to the skin, and finished »
I SV~.53^ siock bought at 30c IpVoniTnvwTOViMPBnAPP Mms feams stitched bottom. I with thf improved moccasin 5£
narrow, medium and aide Widths. li is made of best French sateen. anything ever offered be- sizes 50c— laree size 7.1c* !8
lu ,„ w i/>« .,.. button or steel front, shoulder straps f °re ln quality and price " f§
•'t* in' wide *3 <; -wtth elastic ends, new Improved at- 5 - £2.73 WE CARRY THF VFRY RFST M
r k in wide -«V e tachment for hose supporters, hl 5 h UVDV Tr\ mnnnewx? "-WBKI IHLVtKI DL3I fed
sV wide ' iiy. bust and ! on * over the hips or cut- HERE TO-MORROW. .si GLOVE H
And many'oVh^'in'^Vproportloi »».W^ and gray: only.81.00 One Item fro* , o ur_ HAXDKEU- OKTHECoSt IT^SAN'EX- f
If you anticipate using embroideries Such, a variety of welcome op- o, ¦*«£« t * rSrfic. ir«>mtrr. n AGGERATION. BUT IT IS TRUE Sf
for or.e or two years to come you will portunities to economize is Bel- CHIEFS mndT if «ll ' n»™ r»i? o^ NEVERTHELESS. OUR DOLLAR
never regret having inspected these * Z, . , . ," «" moin " iO 1S Bei I n^ F °« „!?£{;*,,?,? al L pu I e ? elfa > 1 GLOVES EQUAL IP NOT EXCEL «
values. dom afforded to the customer as is \ in ,??\ hemstitched and hand-made MANY A GLOVE SOLD BY OUR 0
A Lively Time in Our Hosiprv Dpnt h «*- e to - da y and to-morrow m our t^^SS^S^'SS^^jxSi co^ pet i t ors for asana n.50. a
n LISUi MIIIC III UUI nUOlClJ UCUli k-n»r+j><l nnA*rari>nT Aa-nnv+me-nt n *¦>* n ,., -*¦«•»«- We are offering this week aa a spe- ll
lS&&!t4\ Llke a continued LAmES- CO^BIxItio^ s™ ACAIN ' ' gjl atttacUon our regular IL3 rtovo \
8t0ry ' 0Ur °« erlng3 OnelS^ ?tyle^bu?tJnftig SroSf^The , S1Jght1^ S olled from beln^ s P la y ed t T^V^r^'AV;^ 05c I
ftls avil THE »row more and mor« iinrit. ™=vf' «?-£«„? -,,,oiiV,r a,, ln our windows. . LADIES' GLOVES, made of beat 1
lira A I'll !$f^ Interesting from day traflan wool stVam shrunk and m£u~ ¦ m Jozen LADIES* HAXDKER- quality Italian kid. soft and pliable, g
HWfflWMiai to ' lay - SThtah b^A ffw <5^m mfMnfl CHIEFS, lace trimmed, embroidered stitched back, two clasps, over seam \
ifF'W MP Oc for the best 25o JfaltiP Lnkio i?nJS£ Irav L It- M(1 henistltched; come four In a sewed, all sizes, all colors. Our spe- \
W W U B Hoce ln Frisco. First Rosenberg nrfr/ g * bunch: marked 16c and 25c a bunch, cial inducement 03c *
ill pa.rlLADIEs'HbSF CHILDREN'S 0 VESTS.- made^ HALF OF USUAL PRICE. • I npV| p,, rphae a FMh!p< Ik M flffST *i
%i P a |£ s^i> IES HObE Egyptian cotton, high neck. lon K Do you want a good, strong umbrella A LDCS| rDlCDaSe tnaDieS US 10 UTTSr
» SS 1 rsBM ""• ' ffit£^S«5?»& ?C'« &£& "StigJHZ Flannelette Wear. I .
3 ANOTHER. J Pants, same quality as above, ankle for the least. THE GARMENTS WILL GO ON S3
75 dozen of LADIES' FAST BLACK le ? R A th V T ,T o r . en ?^a£ n , d 'J 2f »° LADIES' OR GENTS' rM SPECIAL SALE AT PRICES THAT If
1 EXTRA FINE PERUVIAN COTTON LA .P IE > S VESTSl m^ d £ of * ood BRELLAS made of -ood oualnv WILL COMMAND THE ATTENTION ffl
HOSE, double he*ls. double toes, full Quality Peruvian yarn, high neck, long Italian will -loth s'teefrod StlVl OF HOST S OF WOMEN. >$*
|j length soft and pliable; the kln.l that sleeves, neck finished with crocheted tr&ml natural wood handles G^nan LADIES' FLANNELETTE SKIRTS. «
\ will not burn if you are troubled with ??£•. d r a *£ thr0I JJL h wlth sllk ta P e = a11 metal trimmed TandleT a varietv^f Inade of S ood «?« a "ty striped flannel- ffl
[tender feet. Century Sale Price... 25c- z a e^ ln white and gray; a rnre styles to Choose from; attmctive°y ette umbrella flounce French band of U
• L ., ,. . ., „ . pavtc"". U.V: .........4J)t? priced i»atujri, good white muslin. The material alone \\
In3 NovBltv of tns Centurv *??£ *, TL mattn ' anki « length. •: .••••• ••• .....-..-ic wm C08t more tnan ask f »
lll» I1UVCIIJ Ul HIS UCIIIUIJ, French band 4f) c - We Cha\ letltlQ YOU. Beat this varment complete :S5 t . ffl
• The Ribbon Spikes used for the trim- FATTV: WAT TAI/CC T l- ic %/ n " cuu LADIES' GOWNS, made of very best M
mine of ribbons, dresses and making I/\LIC>, I\U I lAKLO. IniS ll YOU Can, quality flannelette, double yoke back «f
the new (La Aiglon) Belt come in srllt 4 dozen SILK WAISTS made of the ?391 vardq nf ATI ciiv t^tttit -c and front, rolling collar; yoke, collar. «k
or silver, ln plain or fancy effects. We best Swiss taffeta; the kind that will PACED SATIN* R[RRfA-'i^i^' cuffB and front trimmed with featherl fm
are never undersold.... -5c each wear; lined throughout and cluster neWeft shades ' 6 stitched finishing braid: in solid blue. &
ftrrf» ItPm Frnm /a tucked front and back; the new Bishop Width No. 40 .' i 7n pink or cream. Worth double the price «
IFjte iiem rf.Om m Sleeve and finished with fine pearl but- Width No «0 •»•»£ we ask tfl.OO
ft... l«^(k n . M tons; perfect fit and perfect workman- Width No.' \W '.'.'.'.'.'".'.'.'."." ~>\\U LADIES' WRAPPERS, made of £f
UtlT Leatner f\ ship. Our windy competitors call them We don't know how lone the" oniiu B ° od Q ualltv flared flannelette, fitted m
_ / \ a bargain at J5.00. The reliable store's tlty will last, so to avoid disappoint- back - loos | front . epaulettes over the g?
GOO(J>} DeOt. . * / \ I )rlco S2.05 ment come early. disappoint 9hou i d ers. flounced I bottom, waist lined. M
t AiMPS 1 ntiTP 3 \ all sizes, extra wide. A bargain not to TO
IIS^H M 8 ll^rket Street, isMSSsf '
••:•••• «> J > C RU^NING THROUGH TO 11 O'FARRELL. leggins same quality as above....5Otv^UNKNOWN SUICIDE. WHO SOUGHT A SECLUDED SPOT NEAR COLMA
TO END HIS LIFE. AND WHOSE BODY WAS FOUND THROUGH AN
ANONYMOUS WAITER.
Their Employes at an Elab
orate Banquet.
In celebration of the fifteenth anniver
sary of the founding of the Italian pa
per, I/Italia, the editors and proprietors,
Messrs. G. Almagia and J£. Patrizl, en
tertained the entire working staff of the
paper at a banquet last evening at a
downtown restaurant. •
In honor of the occasion and the birth
of thr» twentieth century L'ltalia issued
a special "new century edition," consist-
Ing of. seventy-two pages. The special
number of L' Italia' is replete with half
tone photographs and information as to
the events of the last century, and is a
volume well worth keeping as a souvenir.
At the banquet last night the editorial,
business, mechanical end distributing
forces were present, and from 6 p. m. un
til midnight the cares of work- were for
gotten. . A bountiful repast was enjoyed
and the evening was spent in music, song
and speeches. Toasts were given to "The
President." "The King and Queen of
Italy," "The Great Men of the Age."
"Verdi, the Grand Old Man of Music."
"Our Friend, The Call," *;The Ladles,"
"U Italia'! and "Our Hosts, Messrs. Al
magia and Patrizl." . .
.Speeches were made by Messrs. Alma
gia, Patrizl, GodJ, Smith, Rodriguez, Ler-
L'lTALIA CELEBRATES
FIFTEENTH ANNIVEaSAJBTC
Editors and Proprietors Entertain
pipe and a pamphlet printed In German
on the tactic.-; of ihc German army were
found in the pockets. '
The man had placed the barrel cf the
revolver in his mouth and the bullet had
found an exit near his left ear. But ono
chamber had been discharged. !
Cunningham and his posse returned to
Baden and in the afternoon a Jury was
impaneled and taken to within a mile of
the spot In a bus. the rest of the dis
tance being covered on foot. After view
ing the remains the Jury returned to
Baden and a verdict of suicide was re-
tora, Abrate, Jacini and Torre. Among
those present were Mr. and Mrs. and
Miss Almagia. E. Patrizl, Miss H. Set
taro;Mnssr« O. M. Ratto, Guldo Almapia,
C. del PlrvG A. Abrate, C. Vaile, A. l,er
tora, L. Abrate. A. Godl, A. Jacini, Fred
Rodriguez. L. B. Smith and M. Torre.
Congratulatory letters and telegrams
were read at the.banquet from the leading
papers In Italy and from the Italian-
American papers in this country. At a
late hour the merry party dispersed after
giving three hearty cheers for their ge
nial hosts, the editors of L' Italia. .
Two Insolvencies.
Petitions in insolvency were filed, in the
United States District Court yesterday as
follows: Luca Zuanlch. tinsmith, Oak
land, liabilities $1634 20. no assets; Salva
tore Clucci and Charles Davinl, mercan
tile partners, San Francisco, liabilities
$1291 30, no assets.
Mrs. Julia Coogan Missing.
Mrs. Garvey of 134 Fourth street report
ed at the Coroner's ofiice yesterday that
Julia Coogan of the same address had dis
appeared on January J! and had not since
been seen. Mrs. Coogan is 83 years old. .
NO MEDALS FOB ADVANCED
EIGHTH GRADE PUPILS
School Board Notifies Principals That
Graduation Diplomas Will Be
Ready To-Morrow.
The Board of Education issued a circu-
lar yesterday to principals containing the
following information:
"You are instructed to send at once to
Mr?. Kincaid the number of girls of 5'oiir
school who have been in the seventh
grade for the last six months.
"Diplomas of graduation will be ready
for distribution Monday, January- 7, 1901.
Janitors may call at the office of the Su
perintendent of Schools for diplomas on
Monday, after 8 o'clock a. m.'
"After further consideration, It was
finally decided not to award medals to
graduates of the advanced eighth grades
who were successful in the recent exam
inations held in the high schools.
"Pupils who from sickness or for some
ether good cause failed to take the re
cent examination for promotion, and who
were eligible to do so. are privileged to
report to the principals of any high schools
which they desire to enter. The princi
pals of the high schools are instructed to
examine said pupils.
"Both seventh grade and eighth grade
classes in manual training will continue
the work on the fame days and at the
Fame hours as per schedule of last term.
Principals deeiring any readjustment of
pupils or classes in manual training
should consult with the supervisor."
ATTORNEY ARRESTED
FOB ALLEGED *FELONY
Charles W. Smythe Charged With
Collecting a Judgment and
Keeping the , Amount
Charks \V. Smyttie. a young attorney,
was ariP5tfd yosterJriy by Detective Rom
Whitaker on a warrant charging him
with ft-Iony embezzlement. The complaint
was sworn to in August last before Jtulgc
Ionian by James Fhzpatrick. residing on
Crescent avenue. He alleged that -Snay the
collected a Judgment for $500, which he
had obtained against his brother, but
Pmytho had only paid him $230 of the
amount. . .
About the time of the Issuance of the
warrant Smythe went to Arizona and did
not return till a few days ago. Fitz
patrlck learned of the fact and notified
the police, with the result that Smythe
was arrested. r ,-'^-'
Bain Did Not Stop the Crowd.
Since the opening of the great chal
lenge pale of the Pattoalen Company the
store was crowded with buyers In
spite of the bad weather. Yet -it is not
surprising when furniture and carpets
are selling at such low prices. Those
parlor suits at J17 are a gem. Six-foot oak
dining tables, well ¦ polished, $5. A hand
some gondola couch, $14.25. In fact
everything is marked down. This is a
good time to fit out houses at the chal
lenge sale of the Pattosien Company
Sixteenth and Mission stieets. ' • '
Two Clerks Appointed.
The Board of Public Works'' yesterday
appointed James B. Camden and Isaac L
Bevans from the civil eervlco eligible list
t» ba clerks. ; . *
"This court is of the opinion that no
skillful pilot would have that night taken
such a huge ship as the May Flint under
sail up the fair way along the water front
above Iximbard-street wharf, where there
irai plenty of wind, but instead would
have wore ship on* shore and come head
to wind on her starboard tack and let go
her anchor where sufficient room could
readily be found. I hold that the appel
lant erred in his judgment by putting his
helm to starboard in lieu of to port when
he firft sighted the Iowa. The findings
are approved."
Captain John Bermingham, Supervising
Inspector of Hulls and Boilers for the
First District, handed down a decision
yesterday affirming the findings and Judg
ment of Local Inspectors Bolles and Bul
ger in the matter of the sinking of the
ship May Flint in a collision with the
United States battleship Iowa in the bay
on the night of September 8. The local
inspectors found that Captain M. A.
Woodside, master of the May Flint, had
navigated the May Flint on that occasion
in an unskillful manner and they accord
ingly suspended his license for one year.
Captain Birmingham in his decision
says that the May Flint was one of the
largest sailing vessels in the world, and
adds:
Judgment in the Case of the
May Flint* Disaster -Is
Affirmed.
MASTER MUST
PAY THE PENALTY
THE anonymous letter sent to Cor
oner Crowe of San Mateo County
stating that the. body of an un
known mail was to be found in
the hills four miles back of Colma
was substantiated yesterday. Following
the directions given by the anonymous
writer, aided by the map drawn on the
back of the letter, a Coroner's posse
found the remains of a man about SO years
of age half hidden from view in the
bushes. The right hand grasped a cheap
revolver and a gaping wound .in the head
told the story of the strange suicide.
Last Thursday evening Coroner Crowe
received a strange missive through the
mail. The writer briefly stated that if
some one would follow the directions laid
out in a. map on the reverse side of the
letter that a body would be found. The
writing was In a man's hand and the per
son had evidently taken great pains in
the execution of the map, every detail
being correct, as was proven yesterday.
The letter was forwarded to Deputy
Coroner Cunningham at Baden and ho
was Instructed over the telephone by his
superior to make a thorough search for
the body. Cunningham scoffed at the idea
and It was not until several citizens had
insisted on some action being taken that
he decided to form a posse and with the
aid of the map make a systematic search
for the body.
Yesterday morning Cunningham and a
party of mounted men started out from
Baden. Leaving the county road near
Colma the trail was taken over the hills
to the point designated by the anonymous
writer. After riding about four miles into
the hills the body was found, lying In
the thick brush of a big gulch that runs
through the Jersey Cow Dairy ranch,
within a few feet of a Spring Valley
Water pipe. The spot selected by the
unknown suicide Is a weird place, which
was probably the reason why It was
chosen to be the scene of the passing of
a despondent and der-pairing soul.
Deceased left no clew by which he could
be identified. The body was of a man
about 30 years of age, five feet ten inches
in height, brown hair and mustache and
weighing about 160 pounds. Deceased was
dressed in a sack suit of black diagonal
cloth, negligee shirt and tan shoes. There
was no money on the body. A cheap
white-handled clasp knife, a briarwood
"The character r>f the commission in
sures the State against any wrongdoing
or jobbery in the purchase of the land.
Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars
is to bf> appropriated, because the lumber
men olaim that is the value of their hoid
inps: JTiOrt.ono is the limit set. because that
amount will buy all of ihf Big Basin and
makf- n park of grand proportions. In the
future iho *-r.the basin may bo preserved
Hth^r by State aid or by private sub
scription.
"The commission may proceed by con
demnation should the •lumber people hold
rral for an exorbitant figure. National a!d
Is not asked, because our Representatives
in t'nngress and Senator Perkins have as
sured up that there is no hope for aid
from that source. Action should be taken
nov.\ because the best of the redwoods
will be cut down first. The establishment
of schools of forestry by the two great
universitips will practically solve the
problem of preserving our forests."
"The Sempprvirens Club." said Mr. Reed
in discussing the proposed measure, "be
lieves that the Big Basin of Santa Cruz
County possesses the finest specimens In
this State, and that the land is best suited
for a park for their preservation. The
Big Basin comprises 14,000 acres, sur
rounded by hills beautifully watered by
the Waddell Creek. It has been practi
cally uninjured because of the distance
from the railroad, but the outside timber
has been cut. The Big Basin itself is now
threatened, and at the present rate of de
vastation not a single tree will be left in
four years.
Pec. 4. TU<» said Commissioners shall have
no salary, but shall have full power and con
trol over the said park, over the fund? pro
vided fT the purchase and maintenance of the
fame, ami shall make and enforce all neces
sary rule? and regulations for the care, maln
tenan^ ami government of the same and for
carryirjr nut the purposes of this act.
See. b. This act shall go into effect immedi
ate:}.
Sec. 3. The commission shall have the power
to purchase surii land or a portion thereof, or
it may rror^cA by action at law to condemn
the same or a portion thereof in the name of
the people of the Stale of California. The
coirmisslcn may also receive contributions
from any source for the purchase of additional
laniV, nnd the care and maintenance cf lands
and forests under its charge.
Pe<\ z. There is hereby appropriated out -of
the funds of the fiscal year 1&iH-1&02 the' sum
of CS6.40Q, which shall be subject to the con
trol of swid comminioa, but which sOiall be
used solely for th»- purchase of land suitable
for the iiark herein provided for.
Section L The Governor of the State of Cali
fornia, or some person appointed by him, the
president O f the I'nlverslty of California and
the president of the Leland Stanford Junior
University shall constitute the California Red
wood Park Commission, whoea duty it shall
be to select land in the State of California
upon which are growing trees cf the species
known «s fc>ii'joia and which.
in th? Judgment of said commiFFion, is most
suitable for a park whose purpose is to pre
f='r\<» a ti'.iy of th<v-» trees from destruction
*nd ynalntaJn than f<-r the honor of California
and th^ l«-n»>fit of eucceedinjr generations.
Said land t-he!l not exceed I300.00U in value.
Ehould tber? be a •\axancy at any time in the
office of president of rither of said universities,
the Governor may appoint some person to act
as commissioner while 6uch vacancy continues.
\Yh«reae. The*e trves are the oldest and
largest in the world, and being peculiar to
California contribute to her tame and are
naturally the subject of State pride and pro
tection; therefore.
Whereas. The redwood forests of California
are rapidly disapijearlng before the demands
of commerce and the ravages of tire, and will
shortly I*? osiinct unless adequate means are
taken for their perpetuation, and
A committee of the Sempervlrena Club,
consisting of Charles Wesley Reed, presi
dent. ex-L,ieutenant Governor Jeter of
Santa Cruz and A. P. Hill of San Jose,
•will wait on Governor Gage on his ar
rival in this city for the purpose of en
listing his favorable consideration of a
proposed act providing for the creation
and management of a California redwood
park. The act, which was drafted by
President Reed, provides for a commis
sion whose duty it shall be to select for
purchase at a price not to exceed $500,000
the best land suitable for the preserva
tion of the trees known as Sequoia. Sem
pervirens. The committee desires to ac
quaint the Governor with the contents of
the bill before presenting it to the Legis
lature. It will therefore present facts and
figures to *how that the redwoods are
fast disappearing in this State and urge
the necessity of taking steps to preserve
them us far as possible. The bill reads as
follows:
The people of the State of California, repre
s« nted in Senate and Assembly, do enact as
follows:
ing for Creation and Manage
ment of a California Red
wood Park.
Committee "Will Submit Act Provid-
REDWOODS MAY
BE PRESERVED
Sempervirens Club to Urge
Governor's Support of
Its Project.
.We have a fine assortment'of New, Year
cards. ; calendars.' diaries and : daily Jour
nals. ¦ Sanborn, - Vail . & - Co., 741 , Market
street.''^^g§*g^^^s|t3S?^ •.. : : \, .,-:•*,:
Calendars and Diaries.
Suits- for. divorce were filed yesterday
by.: Lulu :M.; aeainst L* -St. D. Roylanoe
for - failure to provide; . trances against
William D. McCauley; for failure to pro
vide, und Joseoh I>. against Mary F. Go
mez for cruelty. " \\ •.. ,-
Divorce 'Suits Filed.
The United States Civil 8ervlc© Com
mission announces that on February 5 an
examination will be held in this city and
elsewhere for the position of draftsman
in the geological survey. Persons deslr
\ng to compete should address the United
States Civil Service Commission. "Wash
ington. ¦ D.- C, for application forms 304
and 375. i • . ' ¦
Geological Draftsman Wanted.
City Kngineer Grunsky filed a volumin
ous report with the Board of Supervisors
yesterday relating. to the water supply of
this city, the supplies on hand and capac
ities of existing reservoirs and the costs,
pressures and sources of water supplied
to various cities.
•The aveiage'dally consumption and cost
of water works-Oi , New. Tork is 364.300,000
gallons and $110,000,000; St. Louis, 60,685,000
gallons and $17,000,000; Chicago, 321,000,000
gallons and $33,000,000; Philadelphia, 225,
000.000 gallons and $35,000,000: Baltimore,
49,910,000 gallons and $10,500,000; Milwaukee,
24,000,000 gallons and $5.000.000; 1 Boston. 80.
000.000 gallons and $28,000,000; Cincinnati,
39.S74.000 gallons and $12,000,000.
The amount of water on hand on No
vember 15 in Pilarcitos reservoir was 338,
768.000 gallons; San Andreas, 1,831,824.030
gallons; Upper Crystal Springs, 1,7.35,318,
000 gallons; Lower Crystal Springs. 4.125,
620,000 gallons. Total. 8,331.530.000 gallons.
Alameda Creek and Lake Merced can sup
ply 10,000,000 gallons per day. Bacterio
logical examinations of Spring Valley
water show very slight sediment, and a
decrease in bacteria as the^ water ap
proaches the city. The report- concludes:
"The use of lands on the banks of the
creeks and canals for sheep and cattle
pasturage at certain Seasons of the year
subiect the water there' flowing to all the
dangers of contamination resulting from
such ure of open water conduits and lands
adjacent thereto. The extent of drainage
area tributary to Alameda Creek above
the Sunol dam is so great and the uses to
which the lands can be put are so diversi-,
fled that it seems out of- the question to
expect that possibility of contamination
of the creek'8 natural flow will ever en
tirely be removed." '--
City Engineer Grunsky Sub
mits Some Interesting
Figures.
COST OF WATER
IN THE BIG CITIES
turned. The body was also taken to
Baden and will be buried by the county.
The anonymous letter informing Cor
oner Crowe of the fact that the body was
lying In the hills is supposed to have been
written by a man who Is employed by
Miller & Lux. Last Sunday he was hunt
ing in that district. He called at Me-
Mahon's saloon near Colma on that day
and stated that he had seen the body, but
added that he was a very busy man and
as he had no time to show the Coroner
where the body lay lie would inform him
by letter.
Herman Luhrsen, a lad In the employ
of Lewis, Anderson & Co., had a narrow
escape yesterday. Ho had taken a coil
of rope in a wagon to a ship at Mission
No. 2 and after delivering it was on his
way back to the store. A steamer
whistled and frightened^ the horse, which
boeran to back. In spite of Luhrsen's ef
forts the animal would not go ahead, and
when one wheel was over the stringer the
boy jumped to s^ve his life. The next
moment horse and wagon were over
board and out of Fight. Men will grapple
for the wagon and harness to-day.
Just Escapes.
Animal Backs Into Bay and Driver
HORSE AND BTJGGY SINK.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 6, 1901.
Remains Are Those of a Young Man Well
Dressed, but Nothing Is Found by Which
Identity of Deceased Can Be Established
BODY OF A SUICIDE IS FOUND
IN HILLS NEAR C0LMA BY AID
OF MAP SENT TO CORONER
22
SPECIAL^
On MONDAY, Jamiaru 7th, will commence our SEMI-
ANNUAL SALE OF HOUSEKEEPING LINENS. We Will
offer at this time large Quantities of the verg test makes
of IRISH, GERMAN AND SCOTCH LINEN GOODS at much
lower prices than same goods can he Imported for at the
present time.
FIVE SPECIMEN VALUES.
50 IRISH DAMASK TABLE LINEN SETS, one Cloth, 2}
uards long and 2 uards wide, with one dozen Nap-
kins 22 inches sauare Price $4.00 Set
75 IRISH DAMASK TABLE LINEN SETS, one Cloth f 3
uards long and 2 uards wide, with one dozen Nap-
kins 24 inches sauare Price $6.00 Set
285 Dozen BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK NAPKINS, 25 and
26 Inches sauare, Yeru handsome designs. This lot
of Napkins uire from German, Irish and Scotch
makers..... : .Price $3.50 Dozen
Good value for $5.00.
300 Dozen HEMMED AND HEMSTITCHED HAND-LOOM
HUCK TOWELS, size 22x40 Inches. These Towels ara
from the Hlllshorough Linen Co., Belfast, Ireland..
Price S3.5O Dozen
Good value for 55,00.
4 cases 24-inchchecked GLASS LINEN, assorted pat-
terns and colors. These Linens were hought from
William Liddell & Co., Ireland .Price 15c Yard
Regular value 20c.
WE ONLY HANDLE THE VERY BEST MAKES OF
LINEN GOODS.
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET,
EXPERT OPTICIANi
24 Sixth Street.
on All Plates, Crown*' and
¦ Bridgework. _ _
Flllinfis, 50c Crowns, 63.5 0
Plate*. $5.00 Full Set
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
30 Days Only,
¦20^
% *& DISCOUNT
DR.MQNULTY.
H'HWWklX-KNOVX AND RRLIABLK OLD
.1 N|>.>-uUit<-'«r»-t ltl«H-.t l'i>i«jn.«loaorrbt«iu.niee*
strtrturv, Hemlnnl Wmknui, Jmpotfnp-niul th«l#
allied M^r.!#r«. Hook on D.*ea,Uj of Men frwl
OTfrXtt*n'*\\*Tiw.T*Tm* reasonable. Honr<
»to3tlally:*::l>trt*.»#Y*«x8tti>dj.yvli>taliConsolI
P. ROHCOK MdXrLTT. H.D.
Strauss Sued by* Musician.
.Kduard Strauss, the orchestra leader,
¦*vas sued in th 1^ Justices' Court yesterday
by Herman Hand, a musician in hi? or-
chestra, to recover the Mjm of ?22 alk-ged
to be due for wages under contract \
writ of attachment was immediately 1s-
eaed and served on Strauss at the Cali-
fornia Theater yesterday afternoon
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Z>rucEirts, DOc flafk Richards & Co., 406 Clay. •
The care of Mrs. Nettle R. Craven,
charged -srltb perjury, wa: called in Judge
Cook's court j-esterday for the defendant
to plead, but was continued for a week
es her attorney. T. P. Biorduu was en-
paged In the Graham-Da ingertield contest.
Craven Perjury Case.
If aCaire o: the beati or •¦motions of love
lct«r»«t you. t-he gi^'es exact and truthful r*v-
elatlccs of all love affairs. setiieF levers' quar-
rels, enables you to win the efteem and af-
fection oi any one you dosire. causes speody
ted happy majriagrr; trlls If the one you love
i* trup; al*o da'.c of juarriase; rp«tores lost
tflectirva. r*»t-e ami ••onfi'lence to lovore an-I
<!!sc->r<l8-nt famili'-s; givrs you the full secret
cf how to control, fascinate and charm the
esc > ou love; also those you mf*et, and how
to m.ike a r>erson at a distance think of you.
ASPTSTANCE FOR TRCtTBLED OR UNFOR-
TUNATE.
If roa at* 1n trouble of any k1n3, fliscon-
t»n».ed. ur.bapry. or not 6atls5eJ in life, or
have <iom<-stic or love or business troubles.
Tour wish and object In life can be obtained.
A you shcuM know the power to con-
trol.
AX.VTATS CONSULT THE BEST.
Perfect satisfaction p-uaranteei by mail.
Send stani;> for circular, with ereeial terms.
All buein»>ss sacred &rA confidential.
Pickr.ers. losses, death, etc., will be omitted
from you? readir-j: Kt your request; othei-wlse
«-%-er>nh:ng. good iir.d bad, will be given.
MRS. DR.~F. CLARK,
1206 MARKET ST.,
Corner Golden Gate Avenue.
Take El:vator.
Hour*— in «.m. to 5 p.m. daily. Inducing Sunday
A PROSPEROUS YEAR.
Notable Progress of a Local Institu-
tion of Learning 1 .
Mr. J. TV. Griffith and wife have re-
turned from a *<?ven months' tour of Eu-
rope and the Ea^t. The trip tvas taken.
In conjunction with a party <if over eig-Jit
hundred professional x^-'V^- and, while
one of plcasare, was jret turned to excel-
lent advantage in visiting the riiief rdu-
c«tioaial institutions of tho center* of
lp«rn!iiK In this country ?.nd Kuropp. Mr.
Oriffith is the manager ar.«i principal of
lieald't: Busings t'oMege Nieht School.
The coUece has enjoyed a taoet protmer-
ous ><-ar ur.der the ah'e dir«-<tlon «»f an
efficient corps of rapablr- manager? and
teacher?. Tlic an^ndaiice ha= never be-
fore been oaualed in its hiptcr>-. With the
knowle<Jcp gleaned hy hi!« foreirn trip Mr.
Oriffith will l>e ablp to Ftill fttrer.frthen the
courses of Instruction of the college.
LOVE OR «-OURT5HIP.
age eiiirs, divorces, de*oi>, mortgages, olaiiiij.
coUftctions. speculations, adveatures. goM min-
Jng stocks and all fiaanoial difficulties. Truly
predicts the euccesa or lailure of new inven-
tions, r>atent». pending pension claims, etc.;
tells whetiier you will receive fair <i< alines wita
pertrera. If you care to know what business
you shall follow to te ¦uiUMflil. where you
ehf>u.i gt> and whom to avoid; if you intend
to :s«ke aay changes or lu etart a busin^i'*,
buy or s<"ll rrcr«rt> . cr, in fact, take any iru-
porttr.t step, fion't fail to consolt Dr. Clark.
Hex advice may be the means of saving you
thousands of dollars' ani a pi-pat deal of trou-
ble. Remember, your prospects of to-day may
oe your fortune to-morrow if riphtiy handled.
Ehe elves dates, facts and f.rures, reliable
aad Important advice and information on all
matters oi iatcrest ia business transactions.
lawsuits, contested wills, life insurance, dam-
CONCERNING BUSINESS AFFAIRS
C«ct free on application with S-cent stamp,
and learn more alout the laws of life and her
own peculiar and wonderful powers than you
have ever known. •
READ HER CIKCUL.AH,
Ehe Is a tfTf&S oonriectlon between the ua-
n»r. existence and this world. Che can read
the lEiierraofi thoughts of kouIs, see the past,
present and future as in a rairror. and by h«»r
inj-steiious power can tell how to avert evil.
how to euoeeed in business and obtain (rood for-
tune. She locates mines an-1 buried treasure.
nUneirais, old «»stat«s. los' friends, etc
OTHERS. BUT WHAT SHE WILL.
IX) FOK VOU.
So natter what trouble you may have with
youreelf or oUiers, corae and «he will guide
roa. She aan»e6 you with a certainty high«r
than liunian povar.
ITS NOT WHAT EHE HAS DONE FOR
1206 MARKET STREET.
WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PER.nANENTLY LOCATED AT
THE QKRMAX TOCPKRT OPTICIAN.
The American College of Ophthalmology eendi
the followlns letter: .'
GEORGE MAYERLB— Dear Sir: The faculty
Is highly pleased with the SPLENDID MAN-
NER in which you have. succeeded In pausing
the examination. You have been awarded di-
ploma conferring the Doctor *>f Ophthalmology
Degree. The faculty considers that you fully
merit this high honor, as the examinations Im-
posed were of such character as to thoroughly
determine your fltnecs to follow the. noble pro-
fusion you have chosen. Very truly yours,
WILLIAM F. CATHCART. M.D.,,
•".:¦-. v , ' . ;..,;' .President.'
NEGLECTED EYESIGHT AFFECTS.
• THK BRAIN..- .
Mayerlo's Glasses Are Now Used by the High-
est U. 8. Army,- Navy and Govern-
ment Officials. '
,: GEORGE- MAYERLE. : German Expert Optl-
clan.-charter member American Association of
Opticians. . 1O7U4 Market street (opposite Hlber-
nla Bank).- - •, .•:•:.< •-•¦>% "
• Consultation.' Examination and Advice Free.'
OPKN EVENINGS - UNTIL 0. * .
GERMANBTEWATER «) CENTS
(See City IMrectory for Graduate Opticians.) I •
: — CUT. THIS OUT1— — ;<•;':¦'
ifirti ¦ tnf^Lffk.rli'TASl Py^w^I
SPECIAL SALE
FOR
MONDAY, TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY
ONLY!
BEST CRKAMERT BUTTER, per square 40c
Rejrular &5c. Try Our Butter. It Is Delicious.
IS IbSBEST CANE SUGAR..... #1.OO
BEST EASTERN HAMS, per lb 12o
CHOICE MARIN COUNTY BUTTKR.
per square 33c
FANCY^PETALUMA RANCH EGGS.
per dozen •- 23c
Guaranteed to bo fresh.
3 cans BEST SUGAR CORN 23c
Very Choice SANTA CLAKA PRUNES,
12 lbs for 25c
Best L*rse FRENCH PRUNES. 6 lbs for 23o
CHOICE TABLE PEACHES. PEARS or
APRICOTS, per can 10c
Regular 15c per can. ' ,
10 lbs GOOD ROLLED OATS.... 25c
1-lb can ROYAL BAKING POWDER.... 40c
Reeulor 45c.
Best JAVA and MOCHA COFFEE, per lb 25e
Regular 33c. Try It. It Is unexcelled.
Any Brand of TEA Tou Wish, per lb 40c
Regular 60c.
Best Old BOURBON WHISKEY, per gal.f 2.5O
Regular $3.00 per gallon.
BEST OLD PORT or SHERRY WINE.
per gallon '. 75c
Regular $1.00 per gallon. This Wine la 7
years old.
BEST PORT or SHERRY, per bottle 25c
Resular 40c.
BEST IMPORTED ZINFANDEL. WINE.
per gallon 33 e
Noted for Ita richness and purity.
-REMEMBER THE STORES
122 and 124 NINTH ST.,
And 226 SIXTH ST.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AD VBBTI R F.M K N Tti.
WRS. DR. CLARK,
iv'W;z^\
h Shermsn. Oay & Co. desire
J to call your particular attention
H to the "Violin Family"' disola»*
m in their show windows, where
II ar* exhibited some rare oM
« makfs such as MattJiias Albani.
S Majrini. Hardie, Garzont.
Z Staincr, etc., violin?: also Gand
I £: Bernardel. Voirin Parisian
I bows and C. F. Albert Phila-
! dclphia bows; copies of Stradi-
| varius and Barnabetti cellos.
1 and a French double bass, all
l| made of fine selected woods.
I Of especial interest to the pro-
¦ fessional musician is the ex-
m liibit of sample* of work done in
3 Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Violin
9 Repair Department, showing a
jj violin in the course of construe-
0 tion. Their violin maker is an
9 expert second to none in
\ America.
I'. If interested, visit the sample.
g ware and repair rooms of Sher-
M rian. Clay & Co. — vou are cor-
a diaily invited.^ althoucrh vou
m have no intention of buvinc:.
1 Sherman, Clay & Co.
•4 Stehway Pi&ao Dealers,
B Cor. K»>*rr7 and f?uttw tstm.. P. T.
M Cot. 12th and nroa<1wRy. Oakland.
li Oor. Park and T\*Bshlneton, Portland.
H 7U ppcond «\f,, Seattle.
DOCTOR WM. F. CATHCART.
An eminent physician and surgeon. President of
the AMERICAN COLLEGK of OPHTHALM-
OLOGY, confers the HIGHEST HONORS and
awards a dioloma to
I THE j
BLACK GOODS
HOOSE,
i (106 Market Street. |
>| TELEPHONE SOUTH 479.
g At a moderate
fj cost w« mak* to
i| -J^R, order tha s«waat
n r£=*G& shapes of
1 wh TAILOR-
i Jc£ MADE
1 /V&n SUITS—
1 /A Ifjfi $20.00
I // r^W $5O.oo
I ¥ {.i \ MOURNING
I'M I SUITS. £
y V I 56.UO
rj jn\ V Moornlux Salt*—
I ZlP^. >^A 8S.SO
B VT^'^A. Muarutug Snlt»—
B * s^ «io.oo
fj Moarnlnt Su!t»—
|j $12.80
N OUK rAClLITIES EXABLB CS TO
H COirPLETE MOCRNIXO OUT-
H , FITS IN A FEW IIOIHIS.
j R. T. KENNEDTCOMP^Y.
/5T f pedal this V e tffj%
CASH-OR-LITTliE- AT- A-TIM EL
Starting Cut th8 New Year ;
With a Tremendous Value.
METAL. BED, la irtitt* enuntl and
brass trimmings: reduced C^*-6O
for a week's special to t^-T— _
"WORTH TWICE AS MUCH.
S THE J.]SOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc.,
1017-1023 MISSION STREET
Afcova etb, San Francisco.
r V rHONE>-SOUTH 1*. j
1 ST. 6ERMA1N BILLIARD CO.P*Nr,
H v Formerly JACOB STRAHL.E St CO..
1 . Established 1S33. '
B 409 MARKET STREET. SAN TBANCI3C0.
m Manufacturers ot
¦ standard r Billiard ¦ and Pool Table*.
H * '" Lager • and Steam Bear • Pump».
H Billiard Tables on Installments or
¦ ;• .'- - - Rentad., . *- _ ,
ADVESTISEHElTrS.Demented Woman Arrested.
Accidentally Shot.
PHOENIX. Jan. 6.— Bob Bailey, a real
dent of Clifton for many years, was seri
ously, perhaps fatally, rhot a few days
ago in a railroad camp near town. A
Mexican boy accidenially discharged a
Winchester rifle forty yards down the
side of the gulch. The bullet passed
through the floor of Bailey's tent ani
penetrated his - body near th« •pinal
column.
Cart Wheel Passes" Over His Leg.
Charles ."Foster, 'a colored boy, aged 19
years, had the. bone. of, his*- left leg broken
yesterday on Eighteenth ¦ street I by falling
from his season a coal cart. •'Foster, who
is employed byAV. Jackson, a coal dealer,
sent the boy out with a load of fuel for
delivery', and- while going. down Eight
eenth street,' between Mission and -Valen
cia, he. was thrown; from his seat and the
wheel passed over -his leg; at ' the- ankle
Joint: ;y He • was taken to ithev city : and
County ' Hospital by -Officer Feeneyfrom
the Seventeenth-street station, where the
limb was set. :--.•.:-¦-•-• ..'•,.
Matteo Laduce Attempts Suicide.
Matteo Laduce, a baker,' residing at 107
Dupont street, was discovered In his room
last- evening 'in an unconscious condition
and suffering from a severe wound In the
abdomen. A butcher knire lay beside La
duce, and as his room was locked on the
inside it is supposed by the police that he
Inflicted, the wound with ' suicidal intent.
The injured man waa removed to the Re
ceiving Hospital . where Drs. Bunnell and
Dorr, treated him. The doctors found
that the intestines had -been perforated
and gave little hope of Laduce's recovery
Little is known as to the Injured man's
connections; but It is thought that finan
cial and domestic troubles caused the at
temnt at self-destruction. . -
Fine Leather Goods.
Don't forget our carload prices when
looking for trunks, dress-suit \ cases,' val
ises, traveling bags, coin purses and
pocket-books. Lettering name in gold
without cost to purchaser. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Hotel-Keepers and Lodging-House 3
Don't neglect the great challenge sale
of the Pattosien Company. Just now
tapestry Brussels carpet la selling at 45c
a yard. Oak bedroom suits, $15k Corner
Sixteenth and Mission streets. •
A Sailor Attacked by Thugs.
William Smlvely, a sailer, was attacked
last evening by three thugs at the corner
of Pacific and Front streets and badly
beaten on the head with blackjacks.
Smivtly was on his way to the water
front when the three men suddenly
jumped out of a doorway and assaulted
him. His cries for help attracted a police
officer and Snflvely'B assailants fled, es
caping in the darkness. The injured man
was taken to the Harbor Hospital, There
It was found that he had sustained a
number of scalp wounds. Smlvely was
able to eive a good description of the
footpads and the police hope to shortly
place them behind the bars.
Chinatown Guide Buns Amuck.
W. J. Taylor, a Chinatown guide, who
is known under the alias of "Mushhead
Bill," was arrested last night and
charged at the City Prison with assault
with a deadly, weapon. Taylor- while
drunk met Joseph Goetz in Chinatown
and cut him across the face with a knife.
Goetz followed his assailant to Sansome
street, where he Informed Policeman Mor
ris of the assault and caused Taylor's ar
rest. About twenty years ago Taylor was
convicted of the murder of "Doc O'Neil
on Bush Btreet, in this city, and served
ten years in State prison for his offense.
When under the influence of liquor he Is
troublesome, and on more than one occa
sion has resorted to the use of weapons
It io thought that he is of unsound mind
Taylor Is 66 years of age.
The New Year
Will be Inaugurated at the Shoe Trust
sale by placing, on the table to-morrow
shoes that have been sold heretofore for
S2 to $2.50 for only 75c a pair. Shoes for
ladies, girls and boys, only 73c a pair at
the Shoe Trust sale of the Bee Hive Shoe
Co. 717. Market street, near Third. •
GALE WBECKS CLUBHOUSE.
Petaluma Huntsman Has a Narrow
Escape From Death.
, PETALUMAv Jan. 5.— J. B. Dickson.
captain of Company C, National Guard of
California, of ,th!s city narrowly escaped
death in Thursday night's storm. The
captain is the president of the gun club
annex to the company -and is an enthu
siastic sportsman.' When the big storm
came on he saw visions of long strings of>
canvasbacks. arid soon was on his way to
the marsh. He sought the shelter of the
clubhouse, on the bank of the. creek near
Lakeville. .The clubhouse was a frame
structure, situated some distance from the
marsh. Shortly after Dickson entered the
building and as he was 'comfortably seat
ed before a roaring fire the wind careened
the house and hurled it down into the
marsh. The captain was thrown upon his
back and the falling timbers almost com
pletely covered him. The clubhouse was
nearly . demolished.
After : an : effort Captain \Dlckson suc
ceeded In getting : from under {¦ the 1 loose
timbers that Immediately encumbered him
and cut his way out of the. wreckage with
an ax.\ The, h«avy rain that. fell, put out
the , fires In the , stove and ; heater and pre
vented'-a .conflagration. After getting
clear from the debris Dickson had a hard
fight to get to dry .land. The marsh was
covered by. thaVflood .and- the creek ; -was
running , like • a mlllrace. Dickson finally
succeeded In. getting to high ground. with
one i of, the rlub's.boats, but* was so driven"
by wind 'and .flood that it was" an hour
; before he* reached a landing, place. 'His
little hunting boat was time after time all
but swamped. -• •¦ : ¦'-> ....:¦ :. ¦ j . : ;
¦ Such an experience as the cao tain went
PREDICTS A QUIET SESSION. <
Governor Gage Knows ~ of Nothing
That Would Cause a
Squabble.
LOS ATCGELES, : Jan. 5.— Governor Gage
left to-night for Sacramento on the Owl
train, to be In attendance on tuo meeting
of the Legislature. Asked what he ex
pected in the way of legislation, he said:
"Whatever I have to say will be said in
my message to the Legislature. ( The pres
ent session has no Senator to elect, and
the Indications are for an uneventful ses
sion; but a Legislature Is like a Jury, and
no one can tell what may happen. There
Is nothing in sight that I can think of
now that will cause much of a squabble,
but, as I say, no one can foretell what a
Legislature is liable to do."
of that there seems to be no doubt) that
Interference should arouse the resentment
and antagonism of ¦ members who do not
fall within hia sphere of influence."
Interior members of the Legislature
who represent Republican counties- may
recall the significant fact that the coun
try once gave M. M. Estee, Republican
nominee for Governor. 12,000 majority. . In
San Francisco Boss Kelly had the worfts,
including the ballot boxes, and when the
returns were given out as Kelly's agents
made them up Jame3 H. Budd, Democrat,
had a majority in the city a little in ex
cess of 12,000. A Democratic Governor
was inaugurated because a weak. Repub
lican Legislature, whose members feared
that Budd might win and veto their pet
measures of legislation, had not the cour
age to order a recount.
Boss Kelly is behind Pendleton in this
contest, not because Pendleton is a Re
publican, but because: he is a programme
Republican, who will make up the com
mittees to suit the boss element in politics
and thus make It easy for the bosses to
do business at the old stand.
Pendleton was in San Francisco for two
or three weeks seeking to obtain. the
caucus indorsement of the San Francisco
delegation, and he did not obtain It until
¦ he came to the terms prescribed by Boss
Martin. Kelly. The delegation from top
to bottom is owned and controlled by
Kelly. The boast is made by the. boss
• MINNEAPOLIS (Minn.), Jan. 8.—
Seven men were suffocated, in a fire
that broke out at 2 :30 o'clock this
morning in the Harvard lodging
house at 115 Washington avenue,
The dead are:
NAT PEBLEY.
JOHN SKIDMORE.
JOSEPH E. mCXSON.' \ *
NIGHT CLERK BENTLEY.
GEORGE RIDEY.
D. SCHOFTELD JACOBSON.
can manage affairs with the assistance of
a lobbyist from the south. The main prop
osition to the boss of either party Is to
secure a proper organization of the Leg
islature—to get the committees so consti
tuted that the honest, straightforward
members from the country cannot get
their own measures considered unless they
consent to advance the bills in which the
boss is interested. His special work now
Is to organize the Assembly, so that a
bond of sympathy will exist between him
self and the Speaker. '
Several of Pendleton's friends are afraid
that Kelly's prominence will Injure the
prospects of the Los Angeles candidate,
and they have advised that the boss
should be kept in the background. The
same advice was given- at the time the
boss took the leadership of the Republi
can Municipal Convention at B'nai B'rith
Hall. Kelly refused to take it and one of
the railroad organs read him out of the
party, but as soon as the battle for the
Speaker-ship began the organ read him in
again.
Boss Kelly is not concerning himself
about, the party. He has other business
In hand at Sacramento. When It serves
his political purposes he takes his bunch
of followersvto the Democratic party.
SEVEN MEN DIE
IN A HOTEL FIRE
AT MINNEAPOLIS
that, he controls all the members com
prising this Assembly delegation. He
boasts that he can handle them at Sacra
mento as readily as he controlled their
action in the caucus last Wednesday
night.
Boss Kelly was Informed from day to
day and from hour to hour regarding ne
gotiations for the caucus, but did not yive
the order for his men to go into confer
ence and indorso Pendleton until thf lat
ter accepted the terms prescribed by
Kelly.
The boss programme was handled for
Kelly by Martin Brady of the Forty-third
District. Immediately on the adjourn
ment of the caucus Brady went as
straight as he could go to Kelly, who
was waiting for news in the court of tho
Palace Hotel, and informed him that the
programme was executed. The delegation
then escorted Kelly to the bar of the
Grand Hotel. Pendleton was brought in
to hear the news, ami he gave thanks in
person to Boss Kelly for the Indorsement.
The absurd story. Is circulated that the
only interest Kelly has In the matter la
the hope of being rulected as one of the
committee to purchase a gift for the
Speaker at the end ol the session. Th«
boss has other enterprises In view, but
If he should be selected to buy the present
In San Francisco he will at Iea3t get
something for the money that .will not
tarnish before It reaches Sacramento.
through wculd have been sufficient cause
for many a hunter to lay aside his gun
and close his hunting career; but not for
Dickson. To-day he went again in his
small boat to the marsh and. helped the
gun club members to rebuild the wrecked
clubhouse. -
suspect that the chairmanship of the
Committee on Education will not compen
sate him for the loss of the good opinion
of the citizens residing- in the Thirty-ninth
Assembly District. Macbeth should go to
"Colonel" Brady for consolation. The
"colonel" knows where it can be had.
Solace for the sorely distressed and con
science-stricken members can be obtained
where "Colonel" Brady gained his mili
tary title.
Yesterday Boss Kelly declined to go Into
details regarding the particularly bright
spots in the legislative career of his can
didate for Speaker. He deemed It suf
ficient to say that he had observed Pen
dleton's career in the Assembly and stood
ready to Indorse it.
It is a well-known fact that'Boss Kelly
has business which seems to require his
presence at Sacramento throughout every
session of the Legislature. He usually
makes his daylight headquarters in 'the
lobby of the Assembly and passes the
evening hours in the sweet society of the
San Francisco delegation. It is of little
consequence to the boss whether the dele
gation is Democratic or Republican.
When the Democrats dominate the ser
vices of Sam Rainey.are frequently called
in. When Republicans dominate Kelly
t^ ARLY yesterday morning Boss
Martin Kelly went to the Grand
Hotel saloon and assumed per-
sonai leadership of the Pendleton
forces. He was radiant and smll
1ns aa he Btood at the bar chatting with
Assemblyman Roberts of Humboldt and
telling the statesman from the redwoods
that the interests of the Republican party
of California demanded the election of
Pendleton to the Speakershlp.
The scene at the Grand early In the
afternoon reminded one of the Senatorial
contest at Sacramento two years ago,
when the push and touts shouted that
their candidate would be nominated on
the first ballot. Many of the old-time
hustlers were on the ground taking an
active part In the movement to punish
Alden Anderson for refusing: to accept
boss programme two years ago.
Boss Kelly Is keeping In condition for
active work at Sacramento. He Imbibed
nothing yesterday but Bartlett water, a
beverage which seemed to excite the spe
cial wonder of Assemblyman Roberts.
It appears that Assemblyman Macbeth
is the first member of the San Francisco
bunch ready to acknowledge that a mis
take was made when the city delegation
met in caucus and accepted Boss Kelly's
programme. Perhaps Macbeth begins to
show a disposition to frown upon Martin
Kelly's attempt to control the affairs of
the Legislature, and are not at all awed
by the imposing- front of "Kelly's nu
cleus." The personnel of the San Fran
cleco delegation, as its members have
reached Sacramento, has not lessened the
conviction of the country members that
bossism needs a rebuke.
Assemblyman W. S. Mellck of Pasa
dena, although a neighbor, politically
speaking', of Pendleton, is one of Ander-
Bon'e stanchest supporters. He does not
hesitate to condemn In strong terms the
part Kelly is playins in the contest for
the Speakershlp. He said to-night: :
"We .in Pasadena who do not know Kel
ly personally are constrained to remember
that his reputation has been judicially
determined to be worth U. In fact. In
Pasadena -his- reputation is not worth
even that, and we do not want to be In
his corral.
"The principle at stake in this contest
is contained in this proposition: Shall
independent manhood, as represented by
Alden Anderson, . or bossism, as repre
sented by Martin Kelly, triumph? I re
sent deeply the Interference of Kelly In
this question of the selection of a Speaker
by the Assemblymen."
F. E. Dunlap of Stockton Is another of
the members who would like to see the
contest one of merit alone. He said. this
evening:
"I am opposed to the Interference of, a
boss In a contest of this sort, and'par
ticularly a boss of the type to which
Kelly belongs, according to all reports. I
do not know Kelly personally, but bis In
fluence is pernicious and if. be- was In
strumental In swinging the San Francisco
delegation Into line against Anderson (and
Pendleton Failed to Get the Caucus Indorsement of the San Francisco Assembly
Delegation Until He Came to Terms Prescribed, by Boss Kelly— Scenes at the
Grand Hotel Yesterday Called to Mind the Great : Contest of Two Years Ago
BOSS MARTIN KELLY GOES TO THE FRONT AS
LEADER OF THE PENDLETON FORCES IN THE
FIGHT TO ORGANIZE REPUBLICAN ASSEMBLY
'•Him There They F"ouncJ
"Squat Like a Toad, Close at the Ear of Eue,
"Assaying toy His Devilish f\rt to Reach
• The Organs of Her Fancy,"
Oakland Office San Francisco Can.
2113 Eroadvray. Jan. 5.
The month of January will probably see
all of the tickets for the approaching Oak
land municipal election nominated and In
the field, as a result of the sudden move
of the Republican City Central Commit
teo Jn placing everything in the hands
of the committee of twenty-eight. No
sooner was this done than every other
political organization began to roll up ita
sleeves for the fray, and dates for prima
ries and conventions are being announced
in rapid succession. Up to date the com
mittee of twenty-eight is a little ahead,
fcr it has fixed Its primaries for one week
from to-day and its convention for two
weeks later.
The committee of twenty-one, represent
ing the Pardee-Dalton element of the Re
publican party, shied its castor Into th»
ring almost immediately after the com
mittee of twenty-eight was organized.
This committee has organized and ap
pointed a committee of ways and means,
consisting of M. J. Keller. Dr. J. L. Mayoa
and Bartholomew^Noyes. The latter de
cided to communicate with the Municipal
League to see what could be done look
ing toward a combination with the organi
zation of the non-partisans. *
The committee of twenty-eight will hold
its last meeting before the primaries on
"Wednesday evening next. There will then
be presented the names of 203 gentlemen
who will be selected by the committee to
be voted for at the primaries next Satur
day. This will not prevent any one else
from putting up a ticket composed of an
equal number of delegates to be voted for
at this primary, but the indications ax»
that only the ticket nominated by the
committee will be presented.
The other parties are in much the same
position. The Municipal League will hold
primaries, but only members of the leaguo
will be permitted to vote and there will be
a suggested list of delegates who will
probably be chosen without opposition
from within the league.
The Democrats have appointed a com
mittee of three — consisting of C. H. Bros
nahan, P. E. Dalton and J. C. Bullock—
to suggest a list of delegates to be voted
for at the Democratic primaries, and the
indications are that this list will so
through without opposition.
The conditions that surround the nomin
ations of delegates and the control of tho
formal primaries are such that there can
hardly be a contest at any primary. Each
one of the lists of delegates suggested by
the numerous committees wljl probably b«
carried -without opposition and the final
flght will be between the different ele
ments and factions at the polls.
The committee of iwenty-one to-night
decided to support the Municipal Leapt!*
ticket while retaining their organization.
The meeting was a long one. Some want
ed to put up a completely Independent
ticket and others wanted to surrender to
the Municipal League completely, but
these two plans were rejected. It was de
cided to draft an address to the voters
of Oakland giving the reasons for thejr
existence, to maintain their existence a»
an organization and to select a list of
delegates to a municipal convention and
submit these names to the Municipal
League with the expectation that the
Municipal League would give them rep
resentation from this list In the conven
tion of the league. The committee of
twenty-one will then support the Munici
pal League ticket.
The Democratic City Committee met to
night and set the date of their primaries
for Saturday evening next. A club roU
will be opened which Democrats must
sign to be able to vote.' There will be bat
one polling place— rooms 41 and 42. Biak*
& Moffltt buildlns. A list of delegates to
the municipal convention waa submitted
by the committeemen and approved,
the Leaguers.
Republican Committee of Twenty-Ona
Decides to Support Ticket of
Preliminary Work Being
Rushed Tlirougli by
All Parties.
OBJECT TO
BOSS KELLY'S
"NUCLEUS"
-OutofTownMemte
Decline to Be
Herded.
Refuse to Take Orders From
San Francisco's Saloon
Politician.
Notorions Character of Pendleton's
Backers £wiigs Doubtful Assem
blymen to Anderson.
tptslil TV.spctch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 5.— The vanguard of the
Legislator* has arrived and to-night K
street was lined with Senators. Assem
blymea and would-be officers of both
ho-jses ard their fnencis. It was a quiet
r.'.^.t, but there was an undercurrent cf
ir.'erest that best manifested itself in the
cuestlcn heard on every side:
¦What Is new in the Epeakershlp fight?"
There Is nothing really new la the fight
in Sacramento. Botii sides are In the
Fame attitude they have held for a week
past — that of supreme confidence— and
both candidates and their friends are
working hard. Anderson Is In the Cap
ital Hotel on one side of the street and
Pendleton is In the Golden Eagle oa the
other, ard the crowd divides itself,
A!<2en Anderson arrived early In the
day. Pcr.dleton a. bttle later. On the
evening train came Jere Burke to look
after the Perfileton force* and Joe Know
land and a host cf Anderson men who
went at once to the Capital Hotel to as
t .-. ¦-¦ their leader of support and assist
ance to the end, despite the riaJma of
th» Pendleton workers.
The out-of-town delegation* came filled
to the brim wltxi Indignation over the
manipulations of Kelly and his lleuten
tr.ts, eo apparent in the actions of the
Fan Francisco Assemblymen. That be
ctmed the delegation every one believes,
and that in going into caucus they but
expressed his will Is the opinion of every
man of the out-of-town districts that has
expressed himself.
One of the question* first asked on the
etreets has been answered. The Governor
has promised to keep out of the Speaker
f .-. •; flgbt. He has assured Anderson him
self that he will remain neutral, and he
h£* assured Mellck of Los Angeles that
he win tike no part In It Before allying
h'.rrtnlf with Anderson, Melick went to
*e« tie Governor In Los Angeles and
asked him if he had any preference in the
Cght ever the Epeakereh'p. Gage said he
fce.S ~o-e> — that h« had no Interest in the
£«-bt amd wonld remain neutral. It was a
poeltv* assurance, willingly riven, and
Uellck aayi nothing could have been
plainer or more to the point.
Before Gag* went south Anderson saw
tics e-id asked him If he would take any
lrterest In the Bpeakershlp, and he frot
the e&me assurance that wu given to
MeMck. Gsige told Anderson positively
that te would not Interfere In his fight.
These rU-ternects of the Governor are
riven out authoritatively by those who
fc^ard them, and are held to be sufficient
lE^cetJon of the attitude of the Governor.
Anderson Is as surt as ever that he has
his T.gtt won. He said this evening:
"W ben I came here to-day I found a
great rr.a.r.y of my friends waiting for
xna. I round the situation satisfactory In
every way. and as the men keep com
ing in from the outlying districts I find
renewed premises of support. In not one
case have I been disappointed, and In
more than one Instance I have found sup
port where I did not expect it. The sit
uation Is satisfactory to me. I am Just
es confident aa ever of winning."
Pendleton la ecually confident "I am
rure I shall win." he eald this evening.
**Z know my friends and I know I have
Tctes enough to elect me. I have re
ceived renewed Dromlses of support from
friends from north and south, and I think
I urn stronger now than I have eo far
been. I have friends enough to bring a
caucus, and the caucus will settle It."
There is but one other Cg-ht besides that
over the Epeekershlp— the one over the
chief clerk of the Assembly. . So far it is
an open three-cornered fight between
Jamei 1L Oliver of Alameda, Clio Lloyd
of Easts. Barbara and Harry Wanzer of
R&nta Cruz. Judson Erurie was* men
tioned as a candidate, but It was mainly
i-s a threat to keep the subordinate flght
from mixing up with that of the Speaker
ehip. A cood. etrosgr man in the field
might upset the calculations of a good
many, for the flght Is even and the desk
bo far belongs to nobody.
In the Senate there will be no contests,
and the old officers win be the new ones.
There 1» not much talk of the caucus to
n!£ht, but what there Is Indicates that it
•will be held on Monday morning- before
the Legislature has been convened. Just
who will call It to order Is not discussed.
Eenator S. C. Smith of Bakersfleld has
been mentioned, but no one has been
definitely decided upon.
The Question of patrons ce is belns <Us
cuEeed by those who have declared them
selves on the £ peak erehip., and so have
t:ine to think of other thing's. There will
t-e more than there was last session, but
the Individual shares will be smaller.
The Legislature will be called to order
ax noon on Monday, Lieutenant Governor
Jacob H. Neff presiding In the Senate and
C W. Kyle, who was Its chief clerk last
session, in the Assembly. It la under
stood the burden of the Governor's znes
fca^e will Le economy.
The complimentary vote of the Demo
cratic minority for. Speaker will go either
to W. F. Cowen of Sonoma or Bert SchTes^
lr-ger of San Francisco.
DENUNCIATION OF KELLY.
t Assemblymen Resent the Interfer
ence of "One-Dollar Martin. V
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. b.— Assemblymen from the
Interior who have reached the capital
Are Lining Up for the
Municipal Cam
pulp.
POLITICIANS
OF OAKLAND
VERY ACTIVE
PARASITE LOST WITH APOLOGIES TO JOHN MILTON.
Pages 23 to 32
Pages 23 to 32
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 6, 190
GAGE KEEPS OUT OF SPEAKERSHIP CONTEST
SAN RAFAEL., Jan. 6.— Sheriff Taylor
was' notified this afternoon that a dement
ed woman was acting: strangely on tho
railroad near. here. .He captured 1 her and
fche.is now In his custody. Her name is
Mrs.' O'Connor. ; Armed .with an ax, she
had attempted to drive her daughter from
their home at San Anselmo. •¦ •Bamboo Fiber.-
Bamboo fiber, makes absolutely the best
copying-paper there is, and, the bamboo
5aper is made almost.'- -exclusively -.in
apan. For that reason— simply because
they have the raw material and we have
not— we buy a great deal of copying paper
in Japan, and the Japanese, on the other
hand, buy large quantities of . different
kinds of paper from us.— Exchange.
Work on Cup Defender.
BRISTOL. R. I., Jan. 5.— A consignment
of steel angle Iron for lack of which work
on the new cup defender has been greatly
delayed, arrived to-day from Phoatiixville,
Pa. The work of fastening the keel Is
progressing rapidly. Work was begun to
day on the steel mast for the new boat.
What the^Sea Swallows.
The sea is a vast laboratory In which
all things are dissolved. It is a- signifi
cantly curious fact that of all of the thou
sands of dredgings made in the deep sea
bottom nothing man-made ever has been
brought up, except .some worm-rlddlc-il
portions or a ship's plank, dredged by Sir
Murray -from a depth of three-quarters of
a mile, to the north of .Scotland, during
the Triton expedition. - although many
dredgings have been taken in main routus
of vessels across the Atlantic* The ocean
receives what fortune brings, and not only
swallows It silently," but utterly wipea it
out of existence, in its original form, until
Its substance is a part of its own trails
parent blue.— Exchange. - . .
THE RUSSIAN CENSUS.
Czar's Subjects Have Almost Doubled
in Forty Years.
Russia seems to hold her place as the
most populous of civilized powers al
though there Is less and less occasion for
the rest of the world to stand in awe of
her vast population. According to the
latest census, the inhabitants of the Rus
sian empire nnmber 156,000,000. This is a
gain of SI per cent.sinco, 1860, taking into
account the people acquired by annexa
tion as well as those added' through the
excess of births over deaths. In the same
period however, tha United States- has
gained, exclusive of annexations. 140 ner
cent-the largest gain l.y far of any power
In the world.
Russia, as a formidable force among the
nations of the earth, should not, however
be reckoned with upon the basis of her
gross population, for the purely Russian
—the genuinely loyal subjects of tho- Czar
—do not number more than spme 86,000 000
ES ople< <.£&££ ?re 9>X>.W0 Poles, « ooolow
Finns, C.000,000 Lithuanians and 11000 000
Turks, all of whom wnjld hardly glvd vol
untary support to the crown, and most
of whom would, in fact, be glad of an op
portunity to enter upon a revolution that
had fair promise or success. There aro
also 4,000,000 Jews who .ire almost in a ser
vile stats in the Russian empire. *v: ::-¦¦: •
The various census returns indicate that
the United States will, "In the compara
tively near future, be the most populous
of ail the civilized powers, as she, will be
—much eooner— the greatest nation in the
world in most of the qualities and achieve
ments of civilization.— Chicago Timea-
HeraKL ..
ENGLAND'S SLOW MAIL.
One Latter Was Thirty Years Beach-
ing Its Destination.
A .letter addressed to Miss Pocock at
Hungerford was posted at -Swlndon in
1871. It was delivered the other day
twenty-nine years '-late. »
-The explanation Is that after being past
ed the letter lodged behind woodwork at
Bwindon postofflce. It was discovered ac
cidentally when the postofflce fittings
were being repaired last week.
Since the date of posting the addressee
has changed her name three times, but a
local postman was able to trace her
London Mail. . .
Sometimes It Is to a man's credit to for
get what he knows.
QUEER TAX SUIT.
His Success.
Won by a Man Who Soon Regretted
The income tax laws are very stringent
in the cantcn of, Zurich. This often
causes amusing complications. A short
time ago a physician, sold his practice to
another for a certain sum of money. The,
buyer sued the doctor a few months later
for exaggerating the -value of the prac
tice. In court the former practitioner
showed hi« books that ho had had an
Income of $4000 a year, which was all
he had claimed. He won the suit, and
great -was his happiness.
A few day? later ho received a sum
mons to 'appear in court to answer a
charge entered against him by a tax col
lector for defrauding the Government by
giving his income as JCOO when it was
lately proved to have been 34000. He not
only was obliged to pay a larger income
tax for the future, but he also* had to
pay the difference between his stated and
Ws real income for eight years back, as
well as the fines, which are very largo
In these cases, so that altogether his bill
amounted to $5$50. which- somewhat di
minished his joy over winning the other
suit.— Zurich Correspondent In Chicago
Record.
Building contracts fcava been placed ea
record aa follows:
Augustus J. and Geergena V. RaakaQ with
the McCullough Contracting Cotat»ay f for all
work on a 2-story fram» building en ta» »outa
line of Twenty-fifth street. 1C0 feet east from.
t Dolores. 60x110. $3000; W. J. Dlage* wtti VT. C.
Watson, for lathing-, plastering, frlesaa, cor
nices, etc., for a frame dwelling: hooso on tha
northeaat corner of Washirnrtoa and Franklin.
'$2000: Herbert E. Utr with Kn»s A Storr. for
painting three 2-story, basement and attio
frame buildings on the east line of Van Ness
arenue, 60 «outh from Green street, $1275; Lewis
Meyersteln with H. L. Peterson and Donald
Falconer, for excavating, grading, coacr«tot
artificial stonn, etc.. and also for mill -work,
roofing, plastering, plumbing. gasfltUng-, «to.,
for alterations and additions to a 2-story and
basement frame residence en the northwast cor
ner of Clay and Franklin streets, $7SS7; 8om
mer & Kaufmann with. Petterson A Persaun.
for tearing down and remodeling ators front
to building, Jh'cb. 833, 834, 838 and 833 Uark*t
street, $256S; estate of Solmoa Adler with M.
R Stanford, alterations and repairs to build
ing at 120 Front street. $2400.
Several quite large mortgages have been
recorded. Among them Is ona ot $55,000
by Fltel Phillips to tha Hibcrnla Sav
ings and Loan Society on the southwest
corner of Ellis and Mason streets and tn«
north line of Bush, 60 feet east from Du
pont, and the east lino of Stockton, 73:1
feet north from Sutter; one of J53.000 by
James A. Oliver to the Hiberala Savings
and Loan Society on the undivided north
west corner of Mission and Eighth
streets; Edgar F. Preston to th© Hlbeir
nia Savings and Loan Society for $30,000.
37:6x62:6. on the south line of Post street,
27o east from Grant avenue: San Fran
cisco and Pacific Glass Works to th© Ger
man Savings and Loan Society for $58,000.
northeast corner Fifteenth and Folsom
streets; San Francisco Coke, and Oas
Company to the Germanla Trust Com
pany for $1,000,000, leasehold Interest in
block bounded by Beach. Powell. Jeffer
son r.nd Mason streets and all machinery
pipes, mains, etc., and £000 bonds of $300
each.
The larger releases of the week hare
been as follows:
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Fred
erick C. Feters. southeast line of Mission. 81 J
northeast from Boale>, «;10xl37:6, $83 000- Ili
bcrnia Savings and Loan Society to Sarah B.
and Drury Meione. southeast corner Valencia,
ar.d Qulnn. east lino of Valencia, near Qulnn
8)x50, 3:SxS0. 47:4xS0. three pieces! and aUo
cast line of -Valencia. 164 north from Four
teenth. 1$0*335xS3:7^xU3:7. $».0W- l£af and
Dumb and Blind Asylum to JoTn ,K^
beth Staude. 137:6x137:8 on the south line ot
Pacific 1S7:« west from Stockton. $18,000; HI
hernia Savings ani Loan Society to Mary XV.
Newman. o.:exll4.8 on the south line of Bush!
1S.:6 east from Powell. $3,000. .
The progress of the Sunset District ia
shown by the better and more substantial
improvements now being erected. Tha
requirements of the residents in that fa
vored section are being granted by de
grees, fo that they will not have to put
up with any more inconveniences.
c , « ru K 3 tore on Ninth avenue, next to
Sol Get* & Bro.a real estate branch of
tlce, has been opened. It Is reported that
the CallaghaHT estate has in contempt
tion the donation of a largo sized lot on
I street, near Thirteenth avenue, for a
Catholic church site. Several enternris
inj? ladles of the Sunset District with
Mrs. Angelo at the head, have formed a
library, club with a vwir of enterr-iin
ins the youth of the district. SolGetz i
Bro. are erecting a large building on I
street, between Eleventh and Twelfth
avenue». which the ladles have leased for
a term of years. It.is Intended to havo
free reading- rooms -for people of the ill*
trict. Entertainments by local talr-nt
will also be given from time to time
This undertaking deserves the com"
blned assistance of not alone the cp«J
dents of the district but all the enrTrt
people at large to help along in ;«
worthy an enterprise. . . so
L.E. Grennan has nearly completed an
elegant lU-story residence of six room*
on Twelfth avenue, between I- and r\
streets. a J \
- Mr. and Mrs. Loufs Holz have moved
into their new two-story residence Jtm
purchased on Ninth avenue aur k
atreet.
Three pieces of proptity that were re
cently sold at the large combination auc
tion sale have since been resold at a
protit to the purchasers at the auction.
One of the buyers cleared $500 by a re
sale before he received the deed. On an
other piece a- resale has "been made at
an advance of $2500. It is easier to make
terms now than it has been at any time
in years. Shrewd men are buying busi
ness properties. Leases at large figures
are the rule for the light location. Not
only Is this true, but there is a shortage
of flats and other residence properties In
the market. The fast, accumulating mil
lions in the savings' banks may soon be
turned to the, improvement of reality.
Such is the view of Intelligent real es
tate brokers and of many other onlookers.
• Thomas Magee's Real Estate Circular
saj'S:
The outlook for elty rral estate In good. The
year 19C0 closes upon a FteaUy market, but one
that, seems persistently non-speculative and
tvlthout any trace of excitement. Investment
or actual use are. the.' legitimate facts actuat
ing buyrrs. On nearly every hand, when people
pjit-nk of real estate, they ask, "How about a
boom?" "When will boomlns? time begin?"
"When ere we to have a real, old-fashioned,
Jumping market?" etc, etc. In answer, we
would say that there IS no trace of excitement,
and we hope there may be none. .But the now
very rapid growth of business,- especially of
wholesale businey* and of.our manafacturlng
interests, fully Justify an Increase of prices of
all business properties, and of land in many
dwelling districts oi the city. We believe these
advances will take place, beginning with this
year, and Increasing for five or six years to
come. We hope these advances will come slow
ly and not In leaps upward, by booming and
excitement. Some of these latter features may
characterize tho market this year, but we hope
not; A heavy winter's rainfall will help the
real estate market very much.
The Real Kstate Rtcord published by
G..H. Umbsen & Co. sava:
Investment properties are being eagerly
sought after, but are difficult to find In' the
wholesale business districts. The great growth
that has taken place in mercantile affairs, ie
causing a desire to spread out in order to meet
the new demands of commerce, and this In- turn
Is producing a demand fcr this class of realty.
Gradually also the prosperity of the wholesale
district Is making itself evident in the retail
section*, while there is good Inquiry for valu
able residence properties and an increasing
purchasing of small properties.- Rents are like
wise hardening in both the business and.resi
dence parts of the city, while oil of the»e-con
dlttons taken together are compelling buyers
to abandon their haggling tactics of the. past
nnd to be willing to pay fair asking prices for
Improved ¦ real estate. December transactions
have been. fully up to the normal. of the year,
and it looks as following the lean periods that
have afflicted San Francisco property there
was going to be a corresponding succession of
Tat years. This city's future is' extremely
hright, and the situation of the real estate mar
ket is 'solid. ¦ * ' ' • • '
There were 3259 real estate sales in San
Francisco In 1900, representing $18,627,814,
an increase o.ver the preceding year of
200 sales in number and $3,972,677 in aggre
gate values. Of the total sales qf. 13M
&,S29,313 went into 50-varas, '$3.16«.381 Into
100-varas $009,750 into city slip and Water
lots, $126,350 into South Baech. $321,640 tr»
the-Potrero. $2,155,090 to the Mission* J4,«
760,712 to the Western Addition. $125,490
to South San Francisco and $403,038 into
outside lands. . ' * . ¦ <-.-.:'
Real estate owners borrowed only $2,322,
4S9 more last year than they paid, back
The real estate mortgages numbered 4010
and amounted to $17,034,453. The release*
numbered - 2239,"-* representing $14,711,1W4.
The building improvements in the ¦ year
1900 numbered 1023 and cost $6,149,807.' Thg
preceding year there were ,882 building
improvements, costir.gr $4,710,909. . -
G. L. Page 'has sold; through the Burn
ham. & Marsrh Comtm.n.v, to KmmA- Jo
soph,-for $50,000. the lot 45x137 on the eaBt
line of Taylor street, U2:6 north of- Turk
with old improvements. This Is the third
piece of property to change hands in this
block in the last six months, the first be
ing the northwest corner/of Taylor and
Turk' streets, 82:6x112 :C,. which ;. sold ; for
$180,000; the second the southwest corner
of Tavlor and Eddy streets, which sold
for $167,500; size 137:6x137:6.
The'Burnham & Marsh Company have
also sold the lot 43x30, with thrm flats, on
the north line of Clav street, 94 feet east
from Leavenworth. for $12,000, for I. G.
Hoffman to V. I* Podcata: also for Mar
tin NIelesen to Julius Miller, for $3600, the
four flats and lot 25x75 on the north line
of Natoma street, 250 feet west from Sixth
street,
' The Von Rheln Real Estate Company
report the following sates:
Northeast corner of Leavenworth and Clay
streets, 30x9} fett. with improvements, 1300 to
1304 Leavenworth »treet. J14.000. "William Hencke
to the Mercantile Trust Company of San Fran
cisco; north line of Xatoma street, soutlrwwt
of Tenth, thence southwest 60x75 feet, $8000,
Thomas Rychold to John Kane; east line of
Van New avenue, 27:S'/4 feet south of Pacific
avenue, 25x100 feet, with Improvement*. 202-J
Van Ness avenue, «tK00, Bertha Schmld to
Henry E. Bothin; lot on the east line of Scott
place, between Broadway and Paclflo ttrcet,
25xJ« feet, with Improvements, 18 Scott place.
$16G0; lot on »outh line of Vallejo «treet. be
tween Kearny and Dupont. west 20 by couth 60
feet, with improvement*. 613 Vallejo street,
$2000, ftoaario and Antonio O.-Mlnore to Au-
Kustinr> A. Cerfghlno; estate of Bridget Alvey,
lot on the east line ot Dupont street. 70:8 feet
south- of Filbert, thence south 27x60 feet, with
improvements, 1536 Dupont street, $3300; lot on
the north line of Clay street, 60 feet west cf
Stockton, W:5x68:9 feet, with improvement*.
90S Clay street $2700. W. H. Hardy to Stephen
L.agomarslno; lot on the east line of Stockton
street, between Filbert and Greenwich, 27:4
x87:6 feet, • with improv*ment«, 1710 Stockton
street. J. H. Gibbons to Mrs. P. Barbetta.
$1100; lot on the west line of Dupont street.
46 feet north of Filbert. 91:6x77 feet. 1605 to
1611 Duiwnt street, and 4 to 10 Medau place,
J13.5C0, V. Formhals to B. Huth.
Sol Getr & Bro. report the following sale*:
25x100. with 5-room cottage, north line of Itlch
lnnd avenue, near AndoVcr street. $1000: 50x
120. WMt line of Twenty-third avenue. 130 feet
south of Clement street, for $10CO; 25x100, south
line of Victoria street, 250 feet west of Shields
•treet. for $100; 50x130, east line of Twenty
seventh Avenue, 200 feet north of C street, for
$50o; 23x100, south line of California street, 32:6
feet *nst of Fifth avenue, for $10O0Tf~ 25x100,
south line of I street, 82:6 feet west ot Elev
enth avenue, for $8C0.
Herman Shainwald has sold to I.
Schwartz lot on the east line of Valencia
street, 250 feet south from Fourteenth tOx
10"). tor $G500. This property Mr. Shain
wald bought recently at auction for $£000
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have sold lot
25x137:6, on the north line of Grove street
171 feet east from Baker, for J4500. the
seller being Mr. Hammond and the pur
chaser C. E. Hansen; also lot and resi
dence at 3S59 Twenty-flrst street, near
Castro, the lot being 25x114, for the Safety
Mutual Building and Loan Association, to
W. H. Schooler.
The Hartland E. Law property on the
corner p,f Mission and Annie streets,
which has 1 been sold by Thomas Mageo
& Sons for $100,000. fronts 67:6 feet on Mis
sion, 80 on Annie and runs back to an
alley. There is a six-story brick build
ing, rented to the Government, on the lot.
The purchaser of the Deming property
on the southeast line of Mission' street.
45:10 feet northeast from Beale. IS J. J.
Moore, The brokers were Thomas Ma
gee & Sons.
A. Schleninger has bought the property
at the southwest corner or Fifth and Fol
som streets from the estate, of Daniel
Swett for ?Z5.000/ The lot is 7a»90.
two lot* on the west line 0? the Cor
bett road have been ¦ sold by Oacar Hey
man for $330 each.
j The sale of the furniture and business
of the Russ; House by Colonel Young to
C.\S. Harrison for $50,000 was effected by
Boardman,' Hooper & Co. The property
has been leased for five "years for upward
of $100,000. The Russ estate will expend
$40,000 In improvements of the hotel prem
ises.
* The " Contra Costa County Supervisors
will again ask for bids for constructing
a; county courthouse. The bids recently
opened were not within $39,000 of the cost'
to which the building was limited.
The ; sale of tho southwest corner of
Bush street and Chelsea place by the es
tate" of Mary W. Shores to Angelo O
Baldocchi and G. Chiappari for $45,100 has
been placed on record. The lot Is 57:fix
114:6. •
V- p * " r ' ' ' ' . ¦
vorce.
Decides Also That She Does
Not Want a Di-
WICHITA. Kan., Jan. 5.-Mrs. Mary E.
Lease has changed her mind about suing
her husband. Charles Lease, for divorce.
The suit which was prepared two months
ago was never filed and never will be
unless the Leases quarrel again. Mis.
Lease has Instructed hur attorney to pro
ced no further with the case.
The reconciliation was brought about by
their children, all of whom are now of
age and living in New York with their
mother.
Mrs. Lease will shortly return to Wichi
ta, quit politics and settle down to domes
tic life. Her husband said to-day:
"My wife will not push the divorce case
she started. I never knew she was going
to file it until her attorney gave it to the
newspapers. She will return to Wichita
and live with me. We never did have any
quarrels, although I disagreed with her
ideas of politics and reform. She will quit
all that. Our children all have steady
employment in New York and will re
main there."
Rain at the South.
RIVERSIDE, Jan. 5.—The extreme cold
snap which has been In this section for
a week was broken last night by a heavy
shower, which whs timely tor young
grain, as the north winds had dried the
field?. The indications to-night are fa
vorahle for more rain.
SANTA ANA, Jan. 5.—Rain Is falling in
copious showers to-n<ght.
Races! Races! Races!
Overnight San Francisco prices,* prob
able scratches. Jockeys and other infor
mation of value. Correspondence solic
ited. Jackson & Co., 315 Ellis st.,* S. F. •
MRS. LEASE WILL
QUIT POLITICS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. Jan. 3.— The local station of
the United Statc-s Coast and Geodetic
Survey is finishing the compilation of
data obtained during the past season's
work In Bering Sea and on the Alaskan
coaFt, and the first charts from the sur
veys are expected from Washington in
the course of six weeks. Captain John
F. Pratt, in charge of the work, says that
a portion of the information will not on
account of lack of time be given out in
charts. The engraving and preparing of
maps will consume too much time for all
the charts to be back here by the opening
of spring navigation.
However, this information will be
given to the transportation companlea arrd
to masters of vessels plying between here
and the Alaskan coa^t in tho fornrof blue
prints, which are as accurate as the fully
prepared, charts and contain the same In
formation. The masters of the vessels
of the- Nome and St. Michael fleet will
have new data concerning the coast and
Bering Sea next spring.
These new charts convey a vast amount
of information which was hitherto un
known. The data obtained has added be
tween 39,000 and 40,000 square miles to the
Alaskan coast. Of this vast area 38,000
equare miles Is at the mouth . of the
Yukon. - *
The Yukon flats have, for the past threo
years been an object of much speculation
to navigators and shipowners. They ex
tend far out ot slight of land, and at low
water are In most places submerged but
a few feet. There has been but one prac-'
ticable channel, even for river steamers,
and It has been hoped that a deep water
channel would be discovered. Last sum
mer's work located the deep channel, but
as it has only nine and a half feet of
water at low tide and is very tortuous it
Is Impracticable. Furthermore, buoys are
not possible on the Yukon flats, owing to
the masses of Ice which come out In the
spring.
These would carry out to sea the buoys
or beacons. During the past three sea
sons the Pathfinder and the Gedney have
put In, under Captain Pratt's direction,
temporary buoys for the guidance Of tho
steamers.
The bays and harbor on Norton Sound
and Kotzebue Sound have been charted
and much new and valuable data given.
The work has been carried on with the ut
most difficulty during the summer. This
can be readily seen when the fact Is taken
Into consideration that the coast is one of
the worst, bo far as storms are concerned,
that Is known.
Bering Sea and Alaskan
Data Will Soon Be Ready
for Use.
who.=f services are claimed by Atkins &
Lottridge. is on his way here with the In
tontlon of riding, and ask that he be no
tified to return to California within ten
days under penalty of the revocation of
his license.
CHARTING NEW
COAST SURVEYS
RcV.ew of the Prevalent Conditions and ,Some of tfoe Big Sales
During the Past Week.
Swclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 5— The Call
correspondent saw Sam Harris
to-day in regard to the signing of
the Jordan articles for the Eng
land fight McGovern and his
manager have been considering. 1
"We have decided to call all that off."
said Harris, '"We have much better of
fers for a so In San Francisco, and have
decided to stay here and take that up. I
can't say yet whom McGovern will fight
out there. " ,
"You know, there are always lads bob
bing up for a chance to win a lot of,
fortune and fame by licking 1 this boy.
They can all have a chance. Terry don't
have to go out of the feather-weight class
MOVEMENT OF REAL ESTATE
IN AND ABOUT SAN FRANCISCO
TERRY McGOVERN IN HIS FIGHTING ATTITUDE. HE HAS DECIDED
TO REFUSE THE OFFER TO FIGHT IN ENGLAND AND WILL COME
TO SAN FRANCISCO. .
TWO DAMAGING ERROSS.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 5.— Two errors In th©
seventh Inning, by which th© ball was
thrown under the bleachers, first on ona
side of the diamond and then, on th*
other, caused San Diego to lose a gama
to-day to the Maier & ZoDeleln baseball
team of Los Angeles. The game was full
0/ snappy flelcllng and fine work with the
stick. Both teams were able to hit tha
ball, but some fielder seemed certain to
be under It each time It cam© down. Ths
outfielders had twelve chances to pull
down long hits and they managed to find
every one of them. To-morrow the two
teams will meet atrairv. "Dumby" Taylor
will be In the box for th© locals and Bab
bitt for the visitors. The score:
San D1«sro— Ron* I. hits 5. errors 5. M.iIt
& Zobcleln — Runs 4, hits ?. errors 1. Batter
ies — Doyle and Works; Salisbury and Adams.
Umpl re— Sylvester.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 6.— No baseball
game here to-day — rain. «"
i ttou »T FTOgT, RACE-rFtotUrlty course; Belling; three-year-olds and up; purse, J330.
j Index j Horse. Age. tVeisht. 1'atjSt. «4. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. '"op. ff^^Cl. .Pi"
I J2J VP'ft Hoe - 6 1Gr '! 3 2 1 n Tn^ 1~^ 1 ns Bas<slnBe~" 5~" 1~ 7 5^
i }^i '}^ liM -*;- 1°2 S 3. , «1 52 2 2 2 4 iluunce 6 - 7 ' 7 '5-2
| J:** Jfnny Belie. 3...J05, 5 5 6 1 4 >i 3 1 3 3 Enrs 10 15 15. 6
J^ l r, lal , t '- r «; S E M ' • «5 6 1 f'i.42 J.Daly 8 10 5 2
}-ti it Wood. 6 110 2 8 62 7*,*6h 61 Buchanan .. 4 7 6" B-2
l.« jKlorinel II. 4 103 9 1 3n 8171 6 5 O'Connor ... 8 12 12 4
ICT lAmaea, 6 107 4 i ¦ 2 H ttfi.4% 72 Ransch 5 6 ' 9-2 8-5
JS iif 1 ! 1 " 11 ;- 4 N* 1 6 9 U S2 S6 1>lielan 8"' W 20 8
J-i-2 Matt Hoean. 4...1051 . 6 7 7186 9 9 jj. W.wJs.... 4 7-7 5-2
T l!?r" T «r" :;i^ ; ,»° .'>• : f C L. Ia f t *• 1:0£; short *• 1:li nad 6tart - Woa flrat ««'ree driv
ivf;,uVn? o£< . Uom '^ s ,V- m - ** Himyar-Janet N. High Hoe raced Amasa to a
*cr£r\i\ pI ? atsI S2 <Hl m ,.? t sal ne " SftHPV * nd A^asa oil poorly. Lomond" no * f «ed.
1C3, H.lly Lyons i)€, ii;nion l> 107.
I l_ <;t>1 - SEOOXD RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year.-olda and up; pureeTTIoivr*^^^^^'^^^
H- hT Str. Fin. Jockeys.
tJ55* |?, el , amcn : 3 94 / 4 'I 2 2 H IT 1 ns J. WalshZ/ 1 6-5 1.
, J -AL L^ Imlay - , 6 1C M 3 3 31 3h 21 2 6 O-Connor ...5-2' 3 C-2 3-5
/-sN ;«T.T ck -- IS r> * x * 4 2 *» «S. »2 Buchanan .. 3 ,6 9-2 1
i T iH!1~l i '- : \ 3 vV H> 'I 7 *: ?r;J- :C2?i: ?*• 1:29 - ¦*"«i«*'»t«t; Won cleverly. Se<-ond and third
' r^lU^n *"*"•> V. 1IJWre ' h ¦ b - c- by. ilcnover-Tolache. Volsh cr. Telamon nearly
; % J^X^^ " a! ll > wil!e turn mto gtrett.li. Saintly und Ixuielinpss away poorly.
l(i(>2. THIRD RAt^K— Three Turlong?; two->eor-ol<ls; PUrTeP^M.^^^^^^ 1 " rW^*^^^^-~
Ind.r^ Horsy and Weight. jfstSt. U. «;. Str. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. HlV'"?'!" Tl?
|Yank w Dame....l,0 9 , ... \\ "[ I I 'i: '"s '1 '1 $
U;.--'-|W«ter • ficratch...lM|-* « \ j C 1 ... 9 |Knos ¦-.__¦_.._. 10 12 --12. 4
Ti h l< f-&- -r^^A» :37Vi 'r. B l d ¥? T \- Von first tliree 'drtvlug. winneV. "lhTm7"& W r al^rhoTi^
\ki .!X ' ana Lichtenneln will da Sn-atchrd-Prenano 100. Evinder 1C5. Flora
JanionaT|i\^Onpj>l(».1 with Yankee Dame. ¦ .
m«Kt. rorHTH RACE— Stvcu furlongs; XagW selling stakes: thret>-ycar-old« and up; $1500.
Indfx I Horse, Ag^. Weight. Fgt|st. \j. \j. Str. Fin. Jockeys. r ~O^~
JJ-o w' e », rriJe -- 5 ??f ' 7 5 * 42 S * 1 l~]O-Conno~~ 2 I 2 7-10
(lS?e> Mrehanu?. S 108 .4 4 2h 23 31 2 1 Mounce .... 2 13-3 5-2 1
«!Gr^fac f m,i|j:3 h (¦» 5! 4 1 Jnii Stuart IS SO 30 12
\*t\ S2°l?^'l? ¦? l 5 33 lh ln ** J- Walsh... 5 S S "
1-94 ;Sybarl«, 0 97 2 6 63 65 08 5 10 Buchanan.. 6 6 11-2 8-5
,£<* (Larator. 5 99 11..! 7 7 6 1 Fhelan S 12 12 3
<1SS7) iDoIlr Welthog._5._?5 _6_\j 1J4 3 h 5 8 7 Kansch 5 13 15 b
T i^r*Vnn:^i wJrtSii - : ° 2 K i: \ 1:^ V4 -, FairBt »rt- Won 'att^tTi^nd and third drlv- -
las'. W.nn ,, J V hitten s b. g. by Dundee-BeeFWinp. Tho Pride best ridden after getting
away poorly. Grand Sachem weakly piloted. ?o wo? Ordnung. Scratch«l-Sea Lion 1OC%
(Specific 103. . -
1G«»». FIFTH RACK— One and a sixteentn^n^IeTrTro^wn^rTmuji^a^r^
up; pursp. J.>'"0.
Index JHorse. Age, Weight. j.Pst St. »4. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys.. ' Op. ~ rn'.'^cr FT
i; he Fretter ' 5 --" 113 6 5 32 3~2 1 '-4 13 M^In7e ~.~ 3^ %2 7~2
(l»%) jLennep. 6 117 4 3 lh 1.4 2 «i 2 1 ' K. Jones.... 2 4 7-2 8-^
ISC jL. Meddlesome. 5. SS11 42 52 42 3h Buchanan .. 6-2 5-2 11-5 4-5
CUM) JSpedflc. 4 MC 24 fi 4h 32 46 J. Woods.... 5 5 6 3
«15:u> Bathos. 4 104 312 2h 2h 55 58 Stuart 6 9 8 3
1^3 1 Ringmaster, a.... S5| 5 16 on 6 6 6 J. Daly 20 SO 12 5
Tirae-1-16 :07; 5-16. :31i4: 9-16. :56*i: 13-15, 1:23: m. 'lT^iilTlCmTlTr^Good starr~VVon
jas'.ly. Peconfl and third driving. Winner. F. J. O'Rourke's ch. h. by imp. Brutus-
Norva. Th» Fretter outclassed hi» field. I^ennep under the weight ran a punerl) race Med
(l!"fom» up against it. Specific no "mudder."
1C05. F1XTH RACB-One and an eighth miles; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
]Po. . Retting '. '
Index j Horse. Age. Weight. |Pst St. Vi. S6, Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. .PL-',
1593 jMorlneL 6 104( 3 7 5h 32 4112 Mounce "7777 2~ i 7-2 ft.-,
1SCS ! Lou Key. 5 1C9] 2 4 12 14 22 2 3 Knos g y> 20 8
1553 iDonator, 6 106! 85 32 23 In 3 ns IBasslnger ..] 3 5 5" S-5
15S3 jEssence. 4 1C4[ 6 8 72 52 31 4 10 {O'Connor ... 3 8 11-5 4-1 ¦
1.-.49 Klckumbob, 4.. ..101] 7 3 62 4H 56 53 IJ. Walsh.. 6 * 8 1
1455 lExpedient. 4 ....101! 4 2 4h 7 2 6 2 6 2 J. Dalv 10 20 20 8
(1M4> ]The Bobby. 4 101 S 6 S 8 7 3 *7 5 I Buchanan .. 6 8 8 3
.1507 (Castake. 6 10c' 11 in 6 3 8- 8 [Phelan 6 6 6 2
?55£T 4fc : \W^ :3 fj 1:0 ?'-J%- 1: ? : m - 1 -^ 1 '*- IHm, 1:5S. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner, M. Storn*? b. m. by Morello-Sunlit. Morinel won on eamenf« Lou Rov
ran ahead of his number. Essence awav badlv r.-- J
FOOLMEN ABE BEARING
OUT THE STTPTTLATION
Edward Wilson Pleads Guilty and It
Is Said Harry Corbett Will
Follow Suit.
- The cases against the poolsellers In
Judge Cabanlss', Judge Conlan'» and
Judg-e Fritz's courts were all continued
by consent yesterday till next "Wednesday.
In Judg-e Cabanlss' cour^ Edward Wilson,
one of the defendants, pleaded guilty and
was fined $lf). He was not represented by
Attorney Collins. Judge Cabanisa also re
ceived the remittiturs In th« "bucket
shop" cases from, the appellate court and
he issued bench warrants for the arrest
of the defendants. W. H. Valentine, H.
Muller, M. Burke and A. Prltchard. At
torney Collins has secured » -writ of cer
tiorari in these cases.
Attorney Collins said yesterday that tho
Grand Jury would take up the matter
of the stipulation between Chief Sullivan,
and the poolsellers, but he appeaxed to
be the only one who knew ajiythins
about It.
Harry Corbett will. It is said, plead
guilty to all the cases now pending:
against himself and hia clerks In the Po
lice Courts, notwithstanding Attorney
Collins' declarations to the contrary.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
by Quiet, unassuming
; | Tcm Ryan, who cenld tell a Craw
i I ford peach from a pumpkin in the
H dark. The Pride, with Winnie
O'Connor up, captured the Naslee
Belling Stake at Oakland yesterdav. Again
the Illinois horteraan had the big Satur
day crowd g-'jessiHS, 'or everybody was
wondering; whether or r.ot the Dundee
celdin? would go seven lurlongs. The
erots value of the stake was $K>00, and
after Ordnung; had led Into the stretch
O'Connor simply blazed his way to the
front with The Pride, beating Moehar.us
eut a lenprth. Grand Sachem, weakly rid
den by Suiart, was a clo^e third, and
with any tort of clever handling would
have been hard to beat.
The t-ruck was muddy, still the first
choices manapod to make a stand-oft by
taking three purses. O'Connor and Mounce
divided the saddle honors, each riding a
pair of winners.
After vainly trying to beat the best
horses in training Frank 0"Rourke Prop
ped The Frotter in the Crescendo Handi
cap at a mi!« and a sixteenth.
Lady ycditfesome. with SS pounds up.
was the warm tip, clcping an 11 to 5
choice. Slio.was outfooted and outclassed
from the jump. Mounce had The Fretter
In front when the stretch was reached
and with plenty to Epare led Lenncp out
throe lengths. Much was expected of Ba
thos, but he failed to cut any fig-ure in the
running.
J. Ransch had the leg up on Amasa In
the opening sprint over the Futurity
course. The celdiiig could have won had
Jiis rider not been asleep at the start, but
lis it was ran unplaced.
In a lcr.g. hot drive the colored boy
Bassinper. astride High Ho*, sot the de
cision from Is=al!ne by a nose. Tenny Belle
ran a pood third.
Little J. Walsh came within an ace of
losing- the second event, a seven furlon?
run. with Tclamon. the even money fa
vorite. He bit i!;e stretch In front, but
mafic such a sweeping turn that Jenkins,
on Malay, passed him. Then ».he preco
cious young man awakened to the situa
tion and In a fierce drive received tha
verdict by a ncse.
CJreenock, £aint!y and lx>neMr.css were
the orJy other siiiiters.
Just as she should have done, Dorine,
the fast filly from the Burns & Water
hotUH stable, captured the two-year-old
event at three furlongs. Buchanan, on
Yankee Dame, beat the others away three
lengths, but Dorine res=pondea to every
call of O'Connor's and. ridden out, won by
two lengths. Had Yankee Dame not mad<»
each a wide turn Into the stretch her
r.umber mlgnt have Leen displayed on
top.
Riding a splendid race Mounce landed
the clesinj? mile ar.d a furlong- selling af
iair with Morinel. Four to one was once
had against the sweet little daughter of
ilorello. which dowr.ea Leu Key by a
couple cf lengths. Essence received ex
tensive backirjr. but getting away from
the post none too well cwuld finish no bet
ter than fourth.
B^sults at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 5.— Results:
' Six iurione*. falling — Sall'.e J -won, Barrica
pecond. Fluke third. Tixr.e. 1:14.
Seven furlon??, polling— Orion won. Lady Cur
con s«cor.J, IMok Kurber third. Tiaie. I:S8.
i-te<?i>l«-chas^. short courf — Isen won, Harve
11 *«<»ond. t>on Olarencio third. Time. •5:D:-- t .
Audurion handicap. on<» mile and a sixteenth—
Mcnk Vayrnan wren. Strangest second, Albert
Vale third. Time, 1:61'.,.
Biz and a. half furlongs, selling — Bara Gaump
won Bean i**r*>n&. titorsia Gardner third.
Time, l:3Cii.
Six fi:rl"nET— Pue Totiaaon won. Mecio Marie
secor.a. St-gurar.ca third. Time. l:23't.
Cobura. Must Upturn.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 5.— The Califor
nia officials have- notified the stewards of
the local meeting that Jockey Coburn,
STREET DUEL
IN NEW ORLEANS
Sheriff Dunns Kills For
mer Court Clerk
Tompkins.
:CETV ORLEANS, Jan. 5-Sherift
Dunne of Hart Carroll Parish this oven
ing p.hot and killed J. D. Tompkins, clerk
of court, in a desperate street duel. The
aJTray took place on the main street of
Lake Providence, the larcest town In the
perish. Both Dunne and Tcmpkins wrrc
identified with the oldest families in this
section cf the State.
To-day Tompkins met Dunne, who was
«-tan<!!nir on the street, and asked him who
fcbd b«en telling lies about him. Dunne
replied that hf was responsible for the
statement he had made, whereupon both
mon drew revolvers. Eijrht phots had
been exchanged when Tompkins, shot
through the hfi-art. fpll to the ground dead.
Dunne was shot through the body and
In the rijTht hand. Hl.« body wound Is se
ricus, but it Is not believed to be fatal.
By :f\ e.
Eastern Jockey Samply Rmes Circles Arommid the Other
Riders— The Fretter Wies Asraiira.-
Offes of 'Western Mem Prpve^AIIuiriinig, but Oppomemt
IHas Not Beee Selected-
tor poes. They "will always be coming to
NEW YORK, Jan. 5.—Kid McCoy and
Tom Sharkey were matched late this aft
ernoon to fight a twenty-rounu battle at
the opening of t-ie Twentieth Century
Club in San Francisco on February 28.
Jim Kennedy, matchmaker of the new
club' saw the men this afternoon and of
fered them asood percentage of, the re
ceipts. Both men readily accepted and
signed articles of agreement. Charley
White has been selected as referee. Ken
nedy also signed Terry McGovern to fljnt
In the latter part of May. Nobody fca3
been selected to meet McGovern, but It la
likely that Kid Broad will be Terry'3 op
ponent. :*'¦¦./.-'¦-'<¦
Choynski May Fight..
CINCINNATI, Jan. 5.—Manager WD
11am A. Brady, who will manage th© con
teat between Jeffries and Ruhiln at Saen
gerfest Hall here on February 1». left Cor
New York to-night. Brady announced to
day that Jack Jeffries, brother of the
champion, and Joe Choynski would likely
go on In the preliminary.
THE PRIDE, WITH O'CONNOR
UP, CAPTURES THE NAGLEE
Speedy Hound Is Favored to
Win the Open Event at
Union Park.
The "Introduction," Which Will Have
Precedence on the Card, Will
Bring Sixteen Champions
Together. . . .
The first round of 'he .112-entry Re^
serve stake- was run down at Union*
Coursing Park yesterday.. The harea
were fairly strong and Lhe surprises many,
short-enders getting the flag often
enough to make the players of favorites
dig deep into their pockets.
The storm of Thursday played havoc j
with a portion of the grand stand
roof .and 'trees on the south sida of tha
park, but the rain lafi the field in flue
condition for hares and dogs and a good
day's sport resulted. The" promise of the
sport to-day is,, of the glowing- kind. In
the Introduction at'ak^ ihw'champlons will
have a chance, to distinguish themselves
among champions. Then there will be the
concluding rounds of ilie Reserve stake, a
card big ltj nuftiber and quality'.
War Kaglt'.is the stake favorite at 5 to
1. his jaeterence against Rest Assured
has set .the talent . heads.,
iiut War Kagle does not stand alone in
prospective glory. Here are others which
ure likely to ligure for -,take honors: Fiery
Kace. Mac's Melody, Av'ildTralee, Royal
Anne, lavender. Sir 1'as.ha and Pleasant
Girl.
The short-ender3 wen in small bunches
yesterday. Mountain Beauty started this
Bame on the short end of a 0 to 1 shot,
beating Tyrone. Prince. Then came Racy
Anecdote at 1 to u against Lilac. Wild
Nora at 3 to 5 against Charta and Minn to
Wa Wa at 2 to 6 agairjst Bowery Boy.
Lavender and Walt a Little were 2 to
C in thrlr races and Master Workman and
Mamlp Pleft.«=ant were sold at '3 to 5. Stray
away won a bye with Victor Boy at 1 to
2. MlfiR Wilson, 1 to 3, took Flyawav's
measure arid Wedding Bells, 3 to a, put
out Rosinante. J.ucnrra Borgia, at 3 to
6, won from GallP.nt; Master Lawrentv,
1 to 2, from Candelaria; Kid McCoy, 3 to
o,*from Game Cock; Daisy Clair, 1 to "
from Bona Fide: Belli Clair, 1 to 5, fro:n
Silver Cloud. The • scores and winners
yesterday follow:
First round— J. P. Thrift's ft. Mlclnel beat
1J. A. Detkelman'p Helle Rocket; I'asha Ken
nels' Fiery Face boat George Hharman's Th«
lJoctor; J. Sulton's Herschel's 1'rHe beat Cap
tain C«nc r s Victct Boy: .O. Zahl\s Miss Allen
beat E. M. Kellogs' a jften" t SitA)c; Curtis <fe
SonB' ' Warpath beat^W. Cairns' Imperial;
Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire beat J. P. Thrift's
Forget: . George Pharman's St. Ives beat (*.
llandy'e Twin City Girl: A. Johnson's Moun
tain Beauty beat J. I'. Thrift's Tyrone Prince:
T. J. Cronln's Vixen bent Sterl & Knowies'
Rusty Gold; T. YV. Bartels' Mac's Melody
bf-at P. Doyle's liberator; J. Carroll's Auck
land beat P. McCabe'a Craig Bey; R. ¦ K. <le H.
Lopez & Son's Minnie. -Wa Wa beat CSeorRe
f?harinan'n Bowery Hoy; Aencjd Kennels"
Achilles beat A. Johnson'g Lowlander; Pasiia
Kennels' Racy Anecdote beat H. ' Lynch* a
Lilac; C. Honar's Wild Norah b*at Curtis &
Pone" Charta: T. J. Crontn'a Wild Tral<-e b<*at
l'asha Kennels' Rocuish Antics; D. J. Healy's
Tapioca a bye with Twin City Girl. Krin with
drawn; George Hharman'it Annie Laurence
beat Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon; D. . J.
Healy's Urania beat Pasha Kennels' Ready
Always; l'asha Kennels' Koyal Anne beat P.
J. Itellly's MoonbriRht; Erskins & Jones'
Lavender beat D. Dillon's Dewdrop; T. Barre's
Walt.-a-I.ittle beat D. J. Healy's Nicasio; J.
Smith's MnstT Workman beat Sterl & Kr.o»'es'
Sleety Mis>t: Curtis & Sons' Caiph beat Connell
Brcs.'-Mamte Pleasant; -Maher <e Reid's Uncle
Fuller b^at J, Smith's Boney Boy; J. Carroll's
Master Clair beat J. A. Klein's Coronado:
Curtis & Sons' War Kagle heat l'asha Kennels'
Re«t Assured: Sterl & Knowlea" Olita beat
Curtis & t-ons' Klbceh;; F; A. McComb's Sir
l'a*ha hpat I". Jackson's Honor Bright: Ruh
mII & Allen* 8 Strayaway a bye. Delia M with
drawn; George Sharmatfa Black Flush beat
A. Johnson's Tod- Sloan; D. Toland's Pleasant
Girt beat Curtis A Sons' Pxyche; H. A. Deckel
man's Snapshot beat Sterl & Knowles' Ripple;
O. Zahl's Miss "Wilson beat H. A. Deckelman'a
Flyaway; 1J. Silvia's Reannex beat A. T. Bid
die's Little Beauty; CurtiH & Sons' Rector beat
George Macdougall's Colonel . Lop«a; Georse
Parkinson's Ben Ivomond beat A. Buker'h
Kanaka; Rus.?ell & Allen's Wedding Bells beat
Curtis & Sons' Rcstnante; Pasha Kennels'
Round About beat W. C. CSlasson'fi I<ady Sears:
E. Gearv'« Bonnie Pasha beat J. Dowllnjc's
Sir l^aurence; Ruspell & Allen's nrst Foot
boat P. J. lteilly's Plough boy: A. Johnson's
Bald Eagle a bye, Brass Button withdrawn;
T. Tlcrney's Lucrelia Borcia beat J. Dean's
lial!ant. after an undecided; Lande & Gerber'o
Xienzl beat J. C O'Donnell's The Owl; J.
Suttcn's (nami'H) Master Lawrence beat Cur
tis & Sons' Candelaria; J. Dempsey's Jingle
Bells beat L. J. llodgklns' Kins CaKhier;
Mailer & Reid's Bad Boy beat Pasha Kennels'
Random Aim; E. M. Kelloger's Kid McCoy beat
H. . Lynch's Game Cock, after an undecided;
E. Geary's America beat Captain Cane's Victor
Queen; R. L. Taylor's (name;!) Beauty Spot
beat Curtis? fz Sons' McKlnley; F. A. McComb's
Royal Flush beat P.. K. de B. Lopoz & Son's
Warrlgo; Russell & Allen's Daisy Clair beat
P. A. McComb's Ucna Fide; Captain Cane's
Grcenhall beat Thomas McCool's Fin McCool;
Pn«ha Kennels' Belle Clair beat C. O. Peter
son's f*llver Cloud after an undecided; G. Len
non's Half 'Moon beat Aeneid Kennels' Aethra;
Curtis Jb" Sons' Echo beat Russell & Allen's
Scotland Yrt. ...
PICK WAR EAGLE
TO CAPTURE STAKE
GAME TERRY McGOVERN
TO FIGHT IN SAN FRANCISCO
SAN FRANCISCO THE MECCA OF PUGILISTS OF NOTE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY,, JANUARY 6, 1901.
24
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The planet of Neptune was discovered
with the telescope in 1848.;
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
SENT FREE TO MEN!
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men,
A Free Trial Packag-e Sent by Mall
to All W.ho Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble renifdy are being: mailed tfl all who
•will write the State Medical Institute
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute fre©
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who suffer
from any form of eexual weakness result-
ing from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
nnd development just where it Is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that come
from years of misuse of the natural func-
tions and has been an absolute success In
all caws. A request to the State Medical
Institute. 22S Elektron building. Fort
Wayne, Jnd., etating that you desire one
of their free trial packages, will be com-
lulled with promptly. The Institute is de-
sirous of reaching that great class of men
vho are unable to leave home to be treat-
ed, and the free sample will enable them
to see how easy it is to be cured of sex-
ual weakness when the proper remedies
are employed. The Institute makes no re-
strictions. • Any man who writes will be
sent a free sample, carefully sealed in a
plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or public-
ity. Readers are requested to write with-
out delay.The Rev. Mr. Drahma spoke as follows*
It is an axiom in penology that the worsi
prisons turn out the worst prisoners and tht
best prisons the best prisoners. The lde«
then of reformation strikes one at once. Tht
history of prisons only serves to Ulustrati
"man's Inhumanity to man." The congregau
system of punishing men for their crimes li
best exemplified at the prison at Albany. Most
of the prisons of the world are congregate in«
stltutlons. The solitary confinement systen
is In vogue in Philadelphia. Vnder the con
gregate system reformation of prisoners is oui
of the question. Old and young, the novltiatt
and the hardenened criminal, black and whita
mingle together. V
The young men come Into contact with th«
old jail birds and the effect is to hardcl
them, too. The men live sometimes twentj
In one room and It is utterly useless to trj
to do anything for them. They ought to b«
together only a reasonable time each day. Ai
night there ought to be single cells for eac»
of them. Otherwise the prison is a hotbed foi
crime.
I advocate another prison in this State, n
should be built in the southern part of th«
State. The saving in railroad fare for trans
portation of prisoners and officers would paj
for it. It should be composed of three sec
tions—one for whom reform la impossible. on«
for first tenners and one for young men. I)
would result in the moral and Intellectual In*
provement of prisoners and pave the way for
their reform. The present system of sentencing
prisoners is utterly wrocjr. In this State w«
have the definite system. The matter of pun
ishment Is left to the discretion and capiict
of a Judge who is often times unfair and In.
consistent. We should adopt the indeterminati
system of sentencing. It is now la vogue it
nearly all the States. The prisoner, under It
is practically sent to prison for Ufe and hit
sentence Is determined just so soon aa hi
shows evidence to a body of competent met
that he has reformed.
The parole system in this State Is an np-to>
date institution. Under certain conditions
when a man has served half his term, ha li
released from prison. Ho Is taken charge oi
by friends, who have secured him employments
This ameliorates his condition greatly, as usu
ally a prisoner when he Is released, ts bank
rupt in pocket and character and reputation
The reform schools are grand institution
and I wish we had more of them. There li
only one trouble about them, however, ant
that is that they don't keep the boys lorn
enough. They are sent there for a year or tw<
and don't have a chance to learn a trade, lei
alone form their character.
Dr. Hart, Professor Smith, Craig**
Sharp and M. R. Blank of the "Whittiel
Reform School entered Into the discussion
which followed Rev. Mr. Drahms' address,
Sherman Smith, superintendent of the re.
form school at Whittler, who was to have
spoken upon prison reform, was unab'«
to be present on account of pressing busi
ness.
•H-M M-I-M-M I I I-H- M M I- 1 I I- !-q
seriously injured about their withers anj
chests. In the excitement the occupants
of the buggy vanished, leaving theii
broken property unclaimed.
New Year Dinner.
OAKLAND, Jan. 5.— The employes of
the • Oakland - branch of Sherman ¦ & Clay
were given - a r. dinner ? last - evening r at a
local ; restaurant. Those who ; attended
were: John C. Walling, C A. Neale, F.
Lindeman, R. C. Rose; ¦ W.- L. Mason, W.
M. Doyal, A..O. Schmitz, Louia 8chmltx,
Charles Skinner,. George Flick, Fred Jep
son.and J. T..- Prince. ¦'-; v .; -s
To Test Billboard Ordinance.
BERKELEY. Jan. 5.— J. C. Green, a
bill poster, was fined $10 . to-day by Jus
tice Edgar , for violating the town bill
board ordinance. Green's attorney filed
a bond and gave notice of appeal to the
Superior Court. \_ - .
This was the first trial . under Berke
ley's new ordinance, which provides that
billboards shall not be more than six feet
high and must. be six feet from the side
walk.. Green admitted that his. billboards
were not - as -required. * but held that ¦ the
arriiiu.nAa was unconstitutional. ,-:¦'•¦
Runaway Collides With Car.
A runaway team attached to a buggy.
In which; * were - two men. caused no end
of excitement along Montgomery, avenue
last night. At the Junction of that ave
nue ' and ' Pacific street the runaways
knocked over, a sandwich wag-on, injuring
nothing but .-.' the .- proprietor's stock In
trade,, and, continuing their mad career,
broke -their traces by colliding with an
fleet ric car at Montgomery - and
California streets. '. Freed, the horses con
tinued but a short distance farther before
being: caught. They were found to be
Pulled His Own Teeth.
OAKLAND, Jan. 6.— Judge Greene be
lieves that a man who can- pull out two
of his own sound teeth Is not In his right
censes.' That was * the evidence offered in
the case of Cornelius O'Neil. who was up
for commitment on a charge of insanity
yesterday/ O'Neil pleaded that the
teeth were too ¦ long, but the court held
that ¦: the r weight ' of the ¦ testimony < was
against: him.
Cared For in Old Age.
OAKLAND. Jan. 5.— Mrs. Constance Da
vidson, one of the first members of the
Congregational church, will be cared for
in her old age by that Institution. The
church will purchase for her a place Jn
the Old Ladles' Home at Temescal. She
was under restraint because of her weak
mental condition and the church will pro
vide for her so that she will not have to
be sentto an asylum.. Her family is not
in a position . to care for her.
EX-MAYOR MACK WEBBER
SUDDENLY PARALYZED
Attacked in His Office and Removed
to St. Luke's Hospital, Where
He Lies Unconscious.
OAKLAND, Jan. 5.— Mack Webber,
former Mayor cf Oakland and one of the
well-known citizens of the clt>'. was sud
denly stricken with paralysis on Thurs
day while in Fan Francisco and was
taken to St. Luke's Hospital, where he Is
now lying In a critical condition. The
stroke came while he was In bis office,
and he w&s at once taken to the hospital
and his family sent for. He became un
conscious at the time he was . stricken,
and has remained so ever since.
Mack Webber was elected Mayor of
Oakland in 1873 and served one term. He
had previously nerved three terms in the
City Council. He has always taker: a
prominent part in politics since that time,
but has held no other office.
Barbers' Officers to Be Installed.
A public installation of the newly elect
ed officers of the local branch of the Jour
neymen Barbers' International Union of
America will -.take place to-morrow even
ing at 32 O'Farrell street. In consequence
or the closing hour, 8 o'clock, -the time
fixed for the commencement of the cere
monies is 9 o'clock. In recognition of the
good feeling '. existing between employers
and employes all of the proprietors of
union shops will be present. A select pro
gramme, consisting of oral 'and Instru
mental music, . has been arranged for the
occasion. The barbers, .considering the
short time they have been organized Into
a union, have . surpassed the expectations
of the promoters of the craft's affiliation.
IMMIGRATION FOR THE YEAR.
A Washington dispatch to the New York
Sun says: Nearly hair a million people
from other parts of the world have come
Into the United States during the year
1900 seeking permanent homes. The de
tails of the immigration during the ten
months ending with October, gathered by
the Immigration Bureau and published by
the Bureau of Statistics, indicate that the
Immigration for the calendar year will
reach about 460.000. Of this number more
than 100,000 come from Austria-Hungary
another 100.000 from Italy and nearly an
other 100.000 from Russia, while the United
Kingdom furnishes more than 50.000. of
which number 40,000 are from Ireland. Of
the 460,000 immigrants, rally 430,000 come
from Europe, while only about 4000, or
less than 1 per cent, come from the
trcpics.
The Indisposition of man in his migra
tions to select a colder country than that
to which he has been accustomed is dis
tinctly perceptible In the history of our
immigration.
The following table shows the total Im
migration Into the United States and the
number from the tropics in each year
from 1880 to 1900:
Total . From
Fiscal Year. Number. Tropics.
l£R0 457,257 3.CO0
18£1 C69.43I 3,511
1X82 ........".... 788.992 2,8i3
18X3 •. 603,322 2.403
1884 518.592 3,811
1885 393.346 3,bOJ
1886 334,203 4,381
1SK7 490,109 6.C92
I«i8 &46.8S9 7/J5J
1889 444.427 7.942
1800 455,302 5,212
1881 660,319 6.586
1892 f23.OS4 o.Sl'J
1S93 502.S17 742")
1894 314,4*7 OW
1S95 279 f 9<S 4.67$
1896... .143.267 7.263
1897.. :.... 230.832 . 4.5S3
1*93 223,299 2,586
K99 311,715 3,115
1DO0... 448,572 6.637
Total mlnna lm.!/..... JLS43 .230 I 101 laa
POLICEMAN LAWRENCE'S
ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCED
ALAMEDA. Jan. 5.— Joseph Lawrence,
for thirty years a policeman. Is to be mar
ried to Mrs. Constancia Rosa, a San Le
andro lady, within a week. The engage
ment was announced to-day.
Lawrence's first wife died about a year
ago. It transpired after her death that
she had transferred her half of the com
munity property to her two daughters.
She • was jealous of her husband and
feared that he would marry again. Law
rence commenced suit for the recovery of
the property. The suit was decided in his
favor. Now he is to be married, but he
has provided his daughters by giving
them a house to themselves next door to
the one he will occupy with his bride.
DEATH OF SAMUEL
ROGERS FROM TYPHOID
Thought That It Was Malaria and
Refused a Physician Until
Too Late.
OAKLAND. Jan. 5.— After a very short
rlcknr-ES Samuel L. Rogers, a San Fran
cisco attorney living at Frultvale, died
last night from typhoid fever.' Mr. Rog
er* was taken sick last Monday with what
he believed to be an attack of malaria.
He refused medical attendance upon the
ground that he had often been similarly
affected, J>nd would recover. He grew
worse, and Dr. J. H. Callen was called on
Thursday. The physician pronounced it a
case of typhoid fever and eaid that the
patient was even then dying.
Mr. Rogers wes 73 years of age and a
widower, and leaves a brother and two
sons. The whereabouts of the boya are
unknown, as they had left home. He prac
ticed law in San Francisco, but main
tained offices in the county seats of sev
eral counties Ja this State.
Firemen Elect Officers.
BERKELEY, Jan. 5.— The Alert Volun
teer Fire Company has elected the follow
lowing.officers: President, F. W. Lock
yer; vice president, Edward Lemmon; re
cording secretary, Ernest Reuden; finan
cial secretary. Albert .Miller; treasurer.
George Kohler; foreman, George Horgan;
sergeant at arms, Richard Davis. :
PROGRAMMES FOR
OAKLAND THEATERS
The Macdonough Will Try a Week
of I*ow-Priced Standard
Drama.
OAKLAND, Jan. 6.— The Macdonough
Theater will try a week of popular price
drama, beginning Monday. The Jessie
Shirley company will open Monday even
ing with "Trilby" and will play through
out the week. "Trilby" will be produced
on Monday and Thursday evenings, the
"Country Girl" on Tuesday and Saturday
evenings, "Moths" on Wednesday, "The
Ugly Duckling" on Friday, "Little Lord
Fauntleroy" for the children's matinee on
Saturday and "For Liberty and Love" on
Sunday evening. This is the third season
of this .company on the road. The most
expensive seat will be 50 cents.
The Dewey Theater will produce "The
Last Stroke" during next week.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL bJREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 5.— Much inter
est was displayed in diplomatic circles
here to-day in Senator Hawley's state
ment on the floor of the Senate during
the debate on the army reorganization bill
"that we are, not altogether out of sight
of some possibility, of war with some Eu
ropean power." This power Is undoubted
ly the one that Secretary ' Root referred
to in his sensational speech several
months ago In New York, and to meet
which both the army and navy are mak
ing preparations.
While there is not an official willing to
stand for the statement, it is evident that
the national . authorities are carefully
watching Germany, and it is known that
the policy of the board of which Admiral
Dewey is president has not lost sight of
the desirability of having American.men
of-war distributed in such fashion that
American interests will be adequately pro
tected In case of war.
Germany ordered four battleships last
summer to China. This was met by the
dispatch by this Government of the bat
tleship Kentucky, and by orders recently
given to the New York, making the total
effective force of this Government in
Asiatic waters, in addition to gunboats
and protected cruisers, two battleships,
the Oregon and Kentucky; two monitors,
the Monterey and the • Monadnock, and
two armored cruisers, I the New Tork and
the Brooklyn. Besides these .vessels, the
United States has Its. Pacific squadron,
which would promptly reinforce the
Asiatic- command,' consisting of ¦ the bat
tleships Iowa" and Wisconsin. The
Philippines would undoubtedly be the
battleground, as the German vessels
would have to be near. their base of sup
plies in case of war. '¦ •-- ¦'.¦'. -.¦• ¦
With respect to the Atlantic coast it. is
known that Germany has not -been col
lecting any supplies of coal. or munitions
of war In the .West Indies, and, so far. as
known, she ' is not . in alliance - with . any
power which will , place: a base at her
disposal. Consequently she . would have
to seize a \ base and the ¦ Caribbean : Sea
would, therefore, . be a scene of, conflict,
as it was during th« war with Spain. .
I It is particularly, desirable from a naval
point of view that the United States
should acquire the Danish West Indies,
as ' they could be . promptly - fortified . ana
held, while Denmark, because of h«r
close relations : with . the Berlin . Govern
ment, might deem ; it ' advisable to give It
the right to occupy an Island and use It
as a' base of. operations: .- .... '.:- ¦
ThlB Government is gathering an effect
ive force, however, in the Atlantic, thert
Talk of the Possibility of
War With Somt For
eign Power. \
CLOSE WATCH IS
KEPT ON GERMANY
This morning at 1:30 the fishermen at
the wharf at the end of Clay street were
alarmed by the actions of a young girl,
who was loitering on the dock. Ere they
had time to approach her and make In
quiries concerning her actions the girl
gave a cry and leaped off the 'dock into
the waters of the bay.
The fishermen quickly launched a boat
and rowed out into the darkness . of the
bay where they faintly saw the body of
the girl. As she was sinking for the sec
ond time the men took hold of her cloth-
Ing and pulled her into the boat. With
heroic eftorts they strained every nerve
to reach the dock on quick time, and fif
teen minutes after the girl had jumped
from the dock the fishermen were con
veying her unconscious form to the Har
bor Hospital. -
The doctors at the hospital had been In
formed by telephone of the attempted sui
cide, and had everything prepared to re
vive the unfortunate girl. As soon as the
limp and saturated body .was laid on the
operating table the doctors detected a
faint sign of life, and worked with heroic
vigor to revive the flickering spark. After
thirty minutes' work the doctors " an
nounced that they had every hope of sav
ing the life of the one who would have
drowned herself. ¦
The would-be suicide is a brunette be
tween 19 and '20 years old, about five feet
three inches in height and was dressed
in a plain black dress and bodice, with
black button shoes nnd black velvet hat.
Neither gloves nor ¦¦• purse were , found in
her clothing; and the only article of value
was a gold ring set. with. a single opal.
Young Girl Leaps Into the
Eay Prom the Foot of
Clay- Street Wharf.
WEARY OF LIFE
SHE SEEKS DEATH
ACCUSES HIS BROTHER
OF PERJURY AND FRAUD
OAKLAND. Jan. 5.— Papers filed with
the County Clerk by James Rankin and
Henry Mohr allege that R. D. Rankin, a
brother of the former. In his testimony
regarding his own insolvency swore false,
ly. and that he concealed certain prop
erty to defraud his creditors.
R. D. R«nkin's accounts are in charge
of the cc*rts in insolvency proceedings
and his petition for final discharge is
scheduled for hearing next Monday.
In opposition to the granting of this pe
tition the brother and his partner, Mohr,
made the affidavit referred to above.
They claim that R. D. Rankin transferred
his re.al «state to other parties to avoid
attachment by creditors.
MORE EVIDENCE WANTED
ON PEDEBSON'S LUNACY
Court Holds That Not Enough Facts
Are at Hand to Convict Al
leged Maniac.
OAKLAND, Jan. 5.— Judge Ellsworth
df-cided to-day that the evidence against
Louie Pederson, the Pleasanton man who
burned his home and nearly committed
murder and suicide afterward, was not
sufficient to warrant his commitment to
an insane asylum. In the course of the
examination it developed that the sus
pect has twice been confined at Stockton
already. *
Pederson was not discharged, but will
be held until Monday, when Tony
Bchweer, the owner of the ranch where
Pederson lived in Pleasanton, Marshal
Head, whom the alleged madman nearly
killed, and the proprietor of the Pleasan
ton Hotel will be present to testify in the
case.
Pederson has quieted down and now de
nies the charges made against him. Ho
admits that he had been drinking heavily
before the trouble occurred.
being available the battleships Kear
sarge, Alabama, Indiana, Massachusetts,
Illinois and Texas, in audition to pro
tected cruisers and gunboats.
President Wheeler's Report
to Legislature Is Good
BERKELEY, Jan. 5.— The biennial re
port of the president of the University of
California to the State Legislature wll
be received from the printers by to-mor
row and will be made public at once. The
report makes a phamphlet of 190 pages.
This will be President Wheelgr's first re
port to the Legislature. It is a very Im
portant document and contains many rec
ommendations and suggestions to the
State's law-making body.
In his report President Wheeler first
speaks of the university as it was when
he came to it. Its growth, its present po
sition among the universities of the world
and its future position are carefully dealt
with. Particularly is the future of the
university spoken of. At considerable
length President Wheeler gives his plans
for the coming years, offers suggestions
and recommendations and speaks of what
must be done to follow the growth of the
State institution and how that growth
may be further continued in a healthful
way.
Each department of the university Is re
viewed and criticized. President Wheeler's
ideas of what should be done for the bet
terment of these departments are given.
Some valuable statistics, showing the ex
act financial condition of the university
and comparing It with other universities,
are In the report. Ways of securing bet
ter financial support in the future are
pointed out.
The recommendations will be considered
with unusual interest on account of the
new president, the rapid growth of the
university and its bright prospects.
OAKLAND, Jan. 5. — Kindergartens
and compulsory education, two
subjects that are dear to the
heart of the California educators,
were under discussion at the ses
sions to-day of the State Conference of
Charities at the First Congregational
Church. They were exhaustively discussed
by the various Interested persons piesent.
For the system of kinciergartcning now in
vogue there was some severe criticism,
and the bill prepared by the educational
commission, proposing compulsory educa
tion and parental schools, received its
share of attack. " There was a large at
tendance at each of the three sessions.
School Superintendent J. W. McCly
monds of Oakland presided during the
morning session, when the relations of
kindergartens to the public schools was
the topic for discussion. He delivered a
short address in introducing the discus
sion, making the declaration that if the
preliminary instruction of children was
well done there would be no need for re
form schoolF. Love, not the amount of
knowledge put into the infant's head, was
the way to win it to future usefulness.
The kindergarten 1 !* office should Le to sup
ply the absence of the mother. The love
of a good mother is th^ greatest charac
ter-making influence in the world, and its
place should be filled, when there is a.
lack of it, by the kindergarten. •¦•—•- 5
Something of a sensation was sprung on
the session when a paper written by Mrs.
Lucy A. Walker, a teacher in the primary
school department of Oakland, was read.
Mrs. Walker was unsparing In her criti
cism of present methods of conducting
kindergartens. She combated the idea
that the kindergarten child is taught to
think. It was her experience' that such
children are too dependent— that Instead
of being taught to rely upon themselves
they sought assistance from companions
or their teachers.
"Children with kindergarten advan
tages ought to be found superior
in all ways to those who are
deprived of them," read Vrs. Walker's
paper. "But there is general com
plaint from primary school teachers
that kindergarten pupils give more trou
ble — that is, they have less respect for
authority — than any others; that- they are
less teachable; that they show less con
trol of attention and are less willing to
work, and that they have little sense of
personal responsibility.
"The trouble is that the underlying
principles governing the practice in these
TELLS OF NEEDS
OF UNIVERSITY
privilege would be abused, of course, but
that anything more rigid than the pro
posed law would not pass the Legislature.
"Distruct Nursing" was the subject ol
a paper read by Miss Octavlne Briggs of
San Francisco. Miss Briggs told about
the little home she lives in in Tehama
street, where the sick and needy send for
things to eat and medicine and to borrow
money. She is able to carry on her work
through voluntary subscriptions from
friends of the cause and the small sums
from her charges. She pleaded that the
usefulness of nurses would be doubled If
they went to live among those whom they
help.
The proposed act creating a State Board
of Charitits and Corrections provides that
such board shall consist of six commis
sioners, who shall hold office for six years
each, the members of the first board,
however, to classify themselves by lot so
that two shall go out of office every two
years for six years; that the Governor
shall be a member ex-offlcio; that women
may be appointed members; that no of
ficial or director of an Institution subject
to the terms of the act shall have a place
on the board; that the Commissioners
shall act without pay, but shall receive
their traveling expenses; that the ex
penses of the board In any one year, in
cluding the secretary's salary of $1800.
shall not exceed $4000; that the board
shall provide itself with offices in the city
of San Francisco; that the failure of any
Commissioner to attend three consecutive
meetings, unless excused by a vote of the
board, shall be construed as a resigna
tion;-that the board shall investigate and
make reports upon the public charitable
and correctional institutions of the State
and cities and counties of the State, and
such private institutions as receive pub
lic funds other than State hospitals; that
all plans for new jails, workhouses, aJms
houaes, children's homes, orphan asylums
and public hospitals, and for Important
alterations to suich like institutions as are
in existence, shall before adoption be sub
mitted to the board for suggestions and
criticism.
Prison Director R. M. Fitzgerald was
in charge of the programme at this even
ing's session. Prison reform was the sub
ject under discussion. Before introducing
Rev. E. Drahms, chaplain of San Quentln
Prison, Mr. Fitzgerald gave a brief history
of the prisons in this State. The first
were located In ships' hulks. San Quen
tin was located in 1851. Prisoners were
loaned to contractors for terms of years,
which proved a pernicious practice. Prison
directors, when they got into office, used
the place to pay their political debts.
There was an utter lack of discipline, and
escapes "were frequent.
two branches of education are antago
nistic; so much so that the one cannot
possibly serve as a preparation for the
other. If asked to specify some point
wherein this antagonism is most evident
I should say it is in the ideas of what
constitutes the greatest good for the child.
The kindergarten s>ays if only the child
is kept happy all other goods will be
added unto him without effort on his
part. 'The school eays the child must en
dure a season of Jiscipllne to secure his
ultimate happiness, which Is held to- be
the same in both cases, viz.: The highest
mental and moral attainment. Here we
are precipitated Into the old world dis
pute as to what constitutes happiness —
immediate pleasure or future reward.
Kindergarten practice emphasizes the
former Idea, school emphasizes the lat
ter."
Superintendent McClymonds. replying to
Mrs. Walker's views, said that all she
advocated would come in time. Just now
efforts wore being' directed toward har
monizing the work of the kindergarten
and the primary school. This had been
accomplished in the one public kinder
garten of this city, Mr. McClymonds said,
and teachers were glad to have pupils
come from it.
Addresses upon kindergarten work were
made by Miss Anona M. Stovall of the
Golden Gate Kindergarten of San Fran
cisco, Miss Grace Bernard of Oakland
and R. M. Fitzgerald, president of the
State Board of Prison Commissioners. .
The work of the Young Men's Christian
Association was' discussed Just prior to
the talk and papers on the kindergarten
work. The speakers were D. Edward Col
lins, president of the local association;
Henry J. McCoy, secretary of the San
Francisco Association, and W. M. Par
sons, State secretary of the association.
The interesting statement was made by
Mr. McCoy that in the night schools con
ducted by the association In the United
States 26.000 boys were enrolled andover
four hundred associations were formed in
colleges, with a total membership of
38,000.
With Professor Mary Roberts Smith
presiding the afternoon session com
menced with a discussion of the com
pulsory school law which is to be pre
sented for passage at the next Legisla
ture. Miss Jessie Watson, representing
the Association of College Alumnae, read
the bill and commented upon Its features.
It proposes to authorize the boards of
education of the State to compel children
under fourteen years of age to attend
school and to maintain parental schools,
where a truant officer provided for will
detain incorrigible children. The bill pro
vides that where the parents can show
SOME OF THE MEN PROMINENT AT THE STATE CHARITIES' CONFERENCE JN OAKLAND.
BERKELEY. Jan. 5.— A dispatch from
New York two days apo said that Benja
min I3e Wheeler, president of the Uni
versity of California, had received Infor
mation from the sons of Filipe Buenca
mlno. a wealthy resident of Manila and
former Secretary of State In A&uinaldo's
Cabinet, to the effect that Aguinaldo is
dead.
The sons of Buencamino, referred to in
the dispatch, are attending: a. private
school in this city. They are In constant
communication with their father, but
have received no word concerning Agui
nj-.ldo's death. The last letter they re
ceived from their father arrived from Ma
nila Thursday. It stated that Aguinaldo
was being closely pursued by the Ameri
can troops and that many of the Filipino*
v.ere withdrawing their support from
ihtir former leader. Although deserting
Apuinaldo, his countrymen still consider
him h. great patriot and will not betray
him. The senior Buencamino does not
state what he considers will eventually
happen to the Filipino general.
"If Apruinaldo is dead." said Phillip
Buencainino to-day, "my father would
c«TaJrIy have known about it and he
would have written to us. I have not
feen President Wheeler for two months
ar.4 have not been in communication with
him.'-
Buencainino stands hiph in Manila. He
was or.e cf the trainers of the Filipino
constitution and was Aguinaldo's Secre
tary of State and a close friend of the
rebel chieftain. Before the war he was
Judge of one of the provinces under the
Cpar.'.Fh Government.
Bueneamlno was captured by the Amer
icans with Agruinaldo's mother and child.
Recently he has become a stanch sup
porter of this Government. He has done
much to assist the Filipino Commission
end has often entertained that body at
his home in Manila. He is looking for
ward to peace in the islands and is do
ing what he can to bring it about.
Four months ago he cent his two sons.
Phillip ana Victor, to this country* to be
educated. President Wheeler consented to
Ik-< -'me their trustee, and the boys were
placed in a private preparatory school.
Later they will attend the University of
California. They expect to remain here
five years before returning to Manila.
Phillip is 14 years old and Victor 12.
Bnencamino Boys Say They
Have Not Heard of
His Death.
KNOW NOTHING
OF AGUINALDO
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Jan. 5.
The city of Oakland did not give its
consent to the retention of commissions
by R. W. Snow when City Assessor, by
the fact that the accounts of the Asses
sor were approved by city experts. Judge
Hall so ruled to-day in the suit brought
by the city against the Mayor to recover
these fees. All evidence upon this point
was ruled out and the trial went on upon
the legal right of the Assessor to with
hold those commissions.
At the resumption of the trial this
morning City Clerk Tompkins, to await
whose return from his vacation the court
adjourned before the holidays, waa called
to tell what he knew about the missing
JIO.000 bond filed in 1S37 by Mr. Snow upon
taking office. The loss of this paper made
It impossible to proceed with the trial at
that time.
Tompkins said that he had made a
thorough search of his office for the bond,
but had been unable to ilnd it. In an
swer to further questions, he testified
that he had no recollection of receiving
the paper from ex-Mayor Thomas. The
latter had given him a number of such
documents, but he had given them back,
as he did not consider It within his prov
ince to be responsible for them.
City Attorney Dow then proposed to in
troduce a certified copy of the bond.
Attorney Charles H. Wilson for the
bondsmen objected to the admission of
the copy. The court, however, allowed it
to go In.
Attorney Coogan, for Mayor Snow, then
began offering the evidence to show the
city's consent to the retention of the fees
to lay a foundation for a motion for a
nonsuit.
E. H. Morgan, who served as city ex
pert under ex-Mayor Thomas, was called
to testify to having examined and ap
proved Snow's accounts as City Auditor
and Assessor. City Attorney Dow ob
jected to the question.
"I can't see that the witness' testimony
on that point could show that the city
consented to the retention of the money/'
said Judge Hall.
"It would tend to show It," said Coogan.
"I think not." said the court; "the ob
jection Is sustained."
The testimony of the expert that he
knew that the fees were being held out
was also rejected and the motion for a
nonsuit was denied. Both sides then
rested and the court set next Tuesday as
the date for hearing the arguments.
Judge Hall Denies a Non
suit Asked by Snow's
Bondsmen.
COURT RULES
FOR THE CITY
ARTHUR ARLINGTON'. SWIN
DLER, WHO WILL. HAVE
LEISURE TO REPENT.
Supreme Court Decides That
Swindler of Women Must
Go to the State Penitentiary
OAKLAND. Ja.r 5.-The life sen
tence imposed upon Arthur Ar
lington, '-he lonfldence operator
who victimized unprotected wom
en, has been approved on appeal
by the Supreme Court.
The specific offense lor which Arlington
was prosecute*! was the theft of $214 S5
from Mrs. Minnie Smith. According to
his usual method of operation Arlington
had obtained control cf his victim
by an offer of marriage. On the
pretense of rhowing her the loca
tion of their new home he took
her to a lonely spot '. and ¦ then
robbed her of her satchel containing the.
money. Many other Instances, of the
swindling schemes worked by Arlington
have come to light since he was sent tv>
1ail. Letters, some of them inclosing
money, have come to him at the County
jail from female dupos In various parts
of the country. About a. month ago a
woman from Oregon arrived In town ex
pecting him to meet her • and become
her husband. So completely had he ob
tained control of her ihat^ven when she
found him a prisoner in the County Jail
she was not convinced that she had been
tricked.
Arlington was prosecuted by Deputy
District Attorney George Samuels befofe
a Jury.
ARLINGTON MUST
SPEND REMAINING
DAYS IN PRISON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JANUARY 6, 1901.
Sensation Is Created by Mrs. Luey A. Walker of the Oakland School Department, Who Reads a:
Unsparing Gritieism of Present Methods of Teaching Tots — At the Evening Session Priso
Director Fitzgerald Presides and the Reverend E. Drahms, San Quentin's Chaplain, Is Hear
DAYTIME SESSIONS OF THE STATE CONFERENCE
OF CHARITIES ARE TAKEN UP IN DISCUSSING
KINDERGARTENS AND COMPULSORY EDUCATION
that they are poor nnd dependent upon
their children the Board of Education can
excuse them from attendance.
"There is no doubt that the lack of
a compulsory education law In this State
has caused many mental and physical
wrecks," said Superintendent McCly
monds. "The schools have not been es
tablished for the simple purpose of giving
citizens an opportunity to send their chil
dren to them. If the State gives us
schools it has a right to expect the chil
dren for whom they are supported to go
to them. It ought surely to have the
right .to compel them to go If necessary.
"There is a law on the statute books
now compelling parents to send their chil
dren to school. It was passed in 1SS4.
But It Is inoperative because It makes no
provision for truancy. The whole force
of the statute lies in ~the fact that a tru
ant officer is provided. If there Is no Buch
provision nothing can be accomplished.
"Children intrusted to our care ought
to have the best possible education under
the best possible conditions. We spend
lots of money on schools, but ought to
spend more. We would then have to
spend less on penitentiaries. I'm a firm
believer in the doctrine that the child
should not be sent to school if Its parents
are to be pauperized in so doing, and I'm
a believer In- the doctrine that the child
should not be pauperized In mind and
body for the sake of its greedy parents.
This proposed law contains a provision
that Boards of Education shall decide
whether parents are able to support their
children. I think that Is the safest way
to submit it to the Legislature, as it will
be sure to meet with opposition unless it
contains some such relief measure for
people who are really dependent.
"The parental school is a necessity.
Without it a compulsory education law
amounts to nothing:. In my capacity as
School Superintendent many parents come
to me for advice. I can't do anything but
tell them to send their children to the
reform school if they are particularly bad.
A reform school Is the only place In the
State where we can send such boys."
During the general discussion which fol
lowed Mr. McClymonds' remarks, L. P.
Fisher, principal of the Central High
School, Dr. H. H. Hart, Mrs. Watson,
Professor Smith and Miss Katherine Fel
ton spoke . Mr. Fisher said the disposition
was to interfere as little as possible with
the rights of parents. Dr. Hart thought
the . provision giving educational boards
the right to excuse the children of poor
parents would have the effect of render
ins the law ineffective. Parents • would
be apt to pauperize themselves, he con
tended, and appeal to the sympathies of
the board. Mr. McClymonds thought the
Storm Does Good.
OAKLAND. Jan. 5.— The storm has dom
no damage in Alameda County, but hat
been of immense benefit. There has beet
a rainfall of 1.12 Inches for the storm, an«
a total of 10.51 inches for the season
against 16.69 inches last year. Crop pro»
pects are of the best.
25
¦ More miBery and crime result from Idle-
ness than from all ether causes combined.
After a girl has been a wife for two
week* she loses all Interest In love stories.
f 715 Market St: S.F. Shattuck Av.BerkeW?
x 9th A Was'h*n. Oak Central Arts, Alameda. A
W 7th & Wood, Oak. ',» 8. 1st St. . San Joa». '
i 917 Washington Street, Oakland. .
iBa stern Hams lb ii^Cj
\ Sugar cored. Extra selected.
# Medium size. Monday and Tuesday. \ '
#Tepee Soap 15 bars 250
For regular washing. Same siz#— *
same^quality as Lenox. "
Made by Cudahy, Omaha. ', a
Fancy Dried Apricots i
Moorpark's. Large, „ 1V... «.«^.
cleanand bright. 3 lDS 2 5 C
Guatamala Coffee (Roasted)
MUd-dellcate pQUnd
SfsfS"- 7 pounds *i.oo
' New Teas pound 30c
« Your selection from Ooloogr. EagUab.
Breakfast, Green Japan, Ceylon.
, Our regular CO cent quality.
| A. V. H. Gin bottle $1.35
Genuine. Regular SL5Q.
Naglee Brandy bottle $1.00
I 1970. - Ago guaranteed.
- White labeL Usually 51.W.
1 McBrayer Whiskey
1892. • Genuine. ~ n '\'\mm *«% ~~.
k Regular $3^0. gallon J2.5O
iPure Rock and Rye
CrysUlized. Rock Vi/xff'U «-„
Candy and pure DOttle 7CC
Rye whiskey— for colds. Reg. Jl.oo.
Shaw's Pure Malt 75c
A wblnkey for your health and.
. wellitess. Regular Sl.OJ.
Table Sherry gallon 50c
¦ St. Lawrence Vineyard,
Fresno Co. Regular Tic. N
iA. B. C. Beer
f quarts dozen $3.00
1 pints dozen 1,30
! . Monday and Tuesday.Ascents of Mont Blanc in 1900.
SERMONS FOR
THE SABBATH
Discourses to Be Delivered
at Various Churches
To-Day.
A solemn high mass will be celebrated
at 10:30 this morning in St. Ignatius
Church in honor of the feast of Epiphany
of our Lord. Rev. Joseph ,Landry, S. J.,
will preach the sermon. At 7:30 o'clock in
the evening there will be solemn vespers,
a sermon by Rev. Father Woods, S. J.,
and benediction of the blessed sacrament.
"Lessons of the Century" will be the
subject of Rev. John A. B. Wilson of the
Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
Church this morning. In the evening he
will preach on "The Men for the New
Century."
At the Epworth Methodist Episcopal
Church Rev. W. W. Case will occupy tho
pulpit Jn the morning, and at the evening
services Rev. W. M. Woodward, the pas
tor, will preach on "Forgetting the Past."
The Rev. John Stephens, pastor of the
Simpson Memorial Church, Will preach
this morning on a theological theme. In
the evening he will discuss "Religious
Prejudice."
"The Kind of a Church a World Needs"
is the timely subject of a sermon to be
preached by the Rev. Bradford Leavitt to
the congregation of the First Unitarian
Church this morning. In the evening the
firBt of a series of addresses to be given
on "The Outlook of Our State and City at
the Beginning of the New Century." F.
W. Dohrmann, president of the Mer
chants' Association, will discuss "Good
Government" to-night.
In the absence of Pastor Hutslnpiller of
the Central Methodist Episcopal Church
the pulpit will be occupied in the morn
ing by the Rev. Herbert Briggs, and in
the evening by his brother, the Rev Ar
thur Briggs.
At the First Methodist Episcopal
Church. Powell street, near Washington
the Rev. Frank K. Baker will preach both
morning and evening. At the morning
services he will speak on "The Emmaus
Walk, or Intimacy With Christ," and in
the evening on "The Way to Heaven."
Rev. J. N. Beard pastor of Grace Meth
odist Episcopal Church, will preach at
both services.
"Your Personal Concern in the Matter"
is the subject of a sermon to be preached
b J*? ev VrF' H -, Av ery to the congregation
of the ' Westminster Presbyterian Church
this morning.
During the erection of their new edifice
the congregation of the Calvary Presbyte
rian Church will hold services in the audi
torium of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation on the Sabbath. This morning
the services will be devoted to sacred mu
sic, and in the ', evening • the Rev. John
Hemphill will preach on "Urgency in the
Kings Business." ' '
The Rev. William Rader, pastor of the
Third Congregational Church.- will preach
this morning on ."The. Panoply of God."
and in the evening on Rubens' "The De-^
ecent From the Cross."-
The First Church of Christ (Scientist);
which. holds services at 223 Butter street,
announces that its morning; services 'will
be devoted to "God." '
The.Rev. E. A. Woods, pastor of the
First Baptist Church. : will preach this
morning on "Every Christian a Builder,"
and In the evening on "Our Motto for the
New-Year." =":.v.\ ¦¦.¦-¦-.¦¦. - .,- ¦¦¦-..• ¦
The Rev.. Philip O'Ryan will preach the
sermon at - the 11 o'clock mass' in St.
Mary's Cathedral this morning. - In the
evening after vespers the Rev. J. Prender
ga«t, V. Q., will deliver the sermon: < ¦
. The Rev. Milton D.; Buck will preach at
cumstance of a Shooting Affair.
"Speaking of pistols," said a New Or
leans lawyer, "I am reminded of a re
markable case in which I was interested
soon after the war, when I was practicing
over in' Alabama. A general shooting, af
fray, growing out of a family feud, had
taken place at a crossroads store, and an
influential planter named McDermott was
killed. He was standing behind a little
shed a considerable distance away at the
time, and a young man named Lee Allen
was firing out of. the store window at an
other of the crowd. McDermott was hit
in the head and the bullet was identified
as coming from Allen's pistol, which was
an English weapon of a very unusual size
—caliber 47. But the singular part of the
affairwas that the place where the plant
er stood was out of range of the window.
The corner of the shed interposed, and it
was simply impossible to understand how
the missile reached its mark. * I was en
gaged tor the defense, and after carefully
measuring the ground and firing several
test shots I became convinced that my
client was innocent and that there had
been another 47-caliber pistol in the fight.
The circumstantial evidence seemed to
bear out my theory indisputably, and I
felt, confident of an acquittal, when, at
the eleventh hour. • the unexpected hap
pened and knocked out my props. It oc
curred to the prosecuting attorney to test
Allen's weapon and find out exactly how
it carried. Accordingly, he screwed it In
a vise and blazed away a few times at a
target at different distances. The result
was astounding. Up to about fifty feet
it shot all right, but at that point the bul
let suddenly, veered off at all sorts of ex
traordinary tangents. Sometimes it sailed
up into the air. sometimes it plunged
downward and sometimes it swooped off
to one sl«e. The explanation, however,
was simple. It seemed that Allen had
found the barrel too long, and a week or
so before the fight had filed off several
inches. That operation completely de
stroyed the effect of the rifling, and in
stead of imparting a true circular twist
to the bullet It gave it a peculiar 'Eng
lish,' as billiard players would say. which
was as liable to send it In one direction
as another. That experiment fully ex
plained the mystery of McDermott's tak
ing off. My client was convicted of man
slaughter and afterward pardoned. I
don't know what became of the pistol. It
should have been preserved as the only
gun on earth ihat pitched curved balls.—
New Orleans Times-Democrat.
PISTOL FIRES CURVED BALLS.
Lawyer Relates a Remarkable Cir-
in cases in which soldiers suffer from
sleeplessness, while he adds that, as an
aid to the digestion of often fairly indi
gestible food the pipe is invaluable. Again.
It is stated that, so far from drying tho
mouth, the fumes of tobacco are recop
nized by soldiers as assisting to quench
the sense of thirst. I suppose it will al
ways be so in this matter of tobacco
smoking and its pros and cons. To my
mind, it is a relative question at best.
The "one man's meat another man's poi
son" idea contains a grave physiological
truth. To the majority of modern:*
smokers. I believe tobacco is a sedatlv»
not without its uses in this age of hurry
and scurry. — London Chronicle.
Incandescent Ught Not Harmful.
Consul Hughes of Cobnrg informs the
State Department that the medical facul
ty of the University of Heidelberg has
made a very interesting report on the ef
fect of incandescent light (gas or electri
cal) on the eyes. After having carefully
weighed all the pro3 and cons on the ques
tion, the verdict is that the incandescent
light is not harmful. For lighting large
halls or places of entertainment, elec
tricity is especially recommended • trora _
hygienic point3 of view. C?
Tobacco and the Soldier.
A discussion has been taking place on
the use of tobacco by the soldier in the
field. One side of the argument holds that
tobacco 'smoking is detrimental to good
shooting, and it is added that at Bisley
the best shots are "almost invariably non
smokers." This latter allegation is stren
uously denied by the opposing camp, and
it would be interesting to obtain reliable
evidence on this point, apart from mere
assertion. The 1 old argument is also re
vived that smoking, by drying the throat,
encourages drinking. To this conclusion
Is opposed the pregnant fact that a very
larye proportion of total abstainers enjoy
their pipe. A writer who has been
through many campaigns, and whose ex
perience is. therefore, worth recording,
speaks warmly of the value of tobacco
our loss of place by the reflection the Enp
llsh ascents were most numerous in the
days when Mont Blanc was more difficult
than it is now. The pioneers, in 17S6. were
Savoyards. The first Swiss and the first
English ascents followed in 1787. Then
came the first German ascent In 1802. the
first Polish ascent In 181$, the first Ameri
can ascent in 1819, the first French ascent
in 1S34, and the first Italian ascent In Is JO.
"The Two Ways" is the topic of the
sermon to be preached this morning to the
congregation of the California-street
Methodist Episcopal Church by the Rev.
A. C. Bane.- In the evening he will preach
on "Jepthah."
the Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church
this morning on "Spiritual Barrenness."
In the evening he will discuss "Spiritual
Fruitfulness."
Choice Stationery.
Everything In the line of office and cor
respondence stationery; fountain pens,
Koh-1-noor pencils, legal blanks, blank
books, typewriters' materials, diaries and
dally journals for 1901 now on sale. San
born,.Vail & Co., 741 Market street. • .
LIKE BAISING THE DEAD.
An Account of a Gruesome Experi-
merit In a Hospital In Denmark.
Dr. Soren Christiansen of Missoula,
Mont., was in -Missoula yesterday on hla
way home after a two months' visit in
Denmark. Dr. Christiansen was present
at a remarkable attempt to bring back to
life a man who had died in a hospital at
Xaestved, Denmark, two weeks ago. The
experiment was measurably successful, as
resuscitation was effected several hours
after the man was pronounced dead. Dr.
Maag, who was in charge, was unable to
maintain life, however.
The patient had died from typhoid fever
and Dr. Maag decided to try an experi
ment Respiration had ceased completely
and the body was cold. Direct massage
of the heart was resorted to. The chest
was cut open directly over the heart, and
through tne Incision the physician passed
his hand and seized the heart. He com
menced a series of compressions, -and in
a' short time the heart commenced to
work of Its own accord. The action of
the heart gradually became stronger, but
the man had not commenced to breathe.
Only after the heart had been acting half
an hour did the first 'gasp for air come.
The patient was then assisted in this for
about an hour until finally he was able
to breathe quite freely. At the same time
his cheeks ' began to assume . a natural
color. He lay in this condition for an
other half hour, but without regaining
consciousneB* or appearing to feel the ef
fects of the Incision. Then there was a
reaction and respiration ceased, although
the heart continued to act' eight hours
longer. A second effort -was made to in
duce heart action, but without result —
Minneapolis Times. . "
Mamma— "Why are yon so qutet. Robbie?
Robbie (agred 6)— I was thlnkin' how glad
I am Christmas doesn't come In the sum
mertime.
Mamma— Why?
.. Robbie— 'Cause I wear *nch te»nty
we«nty little cocks In the nummertime.—
Catholic 8tandard.
The sale of season .tickets for the
Henschel series of recitals in February
at the Metropolitan Temple will begin to
morrow morning at Sherman-Clay Hall.
Mr. Russell retired from the platform
in the early '60s, by reason of a severe
nervous shock and appeared 1 only once In
public afterward. ' ,-!
Clark Russell, the writer of sea stories,
and "Landon Ronald," a clever composer
and conductor at the Lyric Theater, Lon
don, are sons of Henry Russell.
Here it was that Russell composed his
ilrst song, "Wind of the Winter Night,"
to the words of Charles Mackey's nne
poem. He was so encouraged by the re
sult that he has been writing songs ever
since. All kinds of stories of his power
over his audiences are told. He pos
sessed the most exquisite gift of sym
pathy and moved his audiences to smiles
or tears with exquisite ease. By his con
certs during the great famine in Ireland
he raised £7000 ($35,0U0), which he turned
over to the suffering people. His great
est song. "To the West, to the West,"
was composed about this time,' and part
ly through lts\ inspiration, and with the
help of the Canadian Government, thou
sands of poor Hibernians were helped to
the New World and are now among Its
most honored citizens.
Henry Russell, the singer and sons
writer, composer of "Cheer! Boys, Cheer I"
"The Old Armchair." "O Woodman,
Spare That Tree," "There's a Good Time
Coming, Boys," and the glorious "To the
West, to the West!" is dead.
With the close of the century, on De
cember 13, and at his home In Malda
Vale, the veteran song writer went to his
rest. Eight hundred songs are his con
tribution to the vocal literature of tha
century, and among them classics like the
above mentioned, which have place and
love in the hearts of all the English
speaking people. Mr. Russell was born
in lsUI, says the Sphere, on Christina**
eve, at Sheerness. He appeared on the
stage ot his native town at the age of 3.
As a child of 8 he was singing in a chil
dren's opera at the Surrey Theater. At
10 he was apprenticed to a chemist, but
found hlmseii unsuited to the business,
and in 1525 went to Bologna to study
music. in 1S3S he toured the United
States, which tour was enormously suc
cessful.
• • •
White-gloved, with grave, unsmiling
face and tall, slim-walsted figure of court
ly cut, breasted with honorable trinket3
of all sorts and sizes, Strauss steps on
his conductor's throne tne very incarna
tion of dignity. For perhaps five whole
minutes he remains the philosopher, quiet,
inperturbable, but with the second move
ment, his violin probably in hand, the en
chanting lilt and dreamy charm of the
waltz have him at their mercy. The
idol's feet are discovered not of clay bait
quicksilver. The philosopher shamefully
betrays the feet of Pan, and for the rest
of the evening Strauss may be seen foot
ing it featly through waltz, and march,
and polka indifferently, but always with
a certain air of martyrdom, as if driven
thereto by a merciless demon of rhythm.
He actually waltzed in the Chopin "Fu
neral March" to a bit of interpolated
Strauss rhythm.
As a man driven by his own peculiar
genius into sometime distasteful ways, he
is to the full as interesting as he is a*
the leader of the best band of its kind
in the world. He has the all compelling
genius of his famous family, without its
all-absorption. He might have gained
name in other walks of life. Not they.
And the consciousness aevnns forever with
him, a wonder as to the "worth-while
ness" of that which he has chosen, or,
rather, that which chose him. But .we
who listen neither woijjler nor question.
Strauss Is the waltz king, the last of th«
dynasty.
It is with Strauss as with a "pled piper
of Hamelln," compelled to dance to his
own piping, and, furthermore^ compelled
to -pipe. Originally intended for the Con
sular service, he received an academic
training and is a graduate of philosophy.
But early in the sixties his musical Dent
became too strong and hia career as an
orchestral leader began. But the diplo
mat is never forgotten, and the war be
tween musician and statesman is as
pretty a thing in dual personalities as one
may see on any platform.
Sousa may be usefully compared. Their
methods of obtaining results is another
story.
At the Resorts.
HOTEL METROPOLE— Among the late
arrivals at the Hotel Metropole are: Mr,
and Mrs. Oscar H. Curtaz, Dr. E. R. Bry
ant, F. J. Grace, E. R. Conrad, A. A.
Sandahl, wife and son, E>r. and Mrs. How
ard Morrow, Mrs. L. Helmont. From
Berkeley— W. A. E. Woods. From Oak
land—Mr, and Mrs. B. Ransome, George
C. Edwards and Miss M. R. Edwards, C.
N., C. H., G. T. and N. E. Wilcox.
sembly at Golden Gate Hall Friday even
ing, January 11.
.The Orientals have issued invitations
for a dance on Thursday evening, January
24, at Golden Gate Hall. The officers of
the club are: Harry Levison, eminent
pasha; Louis A. Colton, grand vizier; ad
visers—John Mues, Robert Barthold. Fred
Charlton, Louis Guedet, D. H. McNeil,
M. Savannah, J. Llebert and G. Tooker.
Invitations are out for a dance to be
given by the Associated Assembly on
Tuesday evening, January 15.
Personals.
¦ Mr. and Mrs. William Marks and their
mother, Mrs. Maurice Marks of 124 Golden
Gate avenue, left for New York last
Thursday morning.
Mrs. William Wolff and Miss L. Wolff,
formerly of 268 Ninth street, Oakland,
have moved to 1S15B Ellis street, San
Francisco, where they will be pleased to
see their friends.
In the Future.
The Deux Temps will hold its next as-
opticon views. At midnight refreshments
were served, after which dancing was
continued till the rising of the new year's
first sun.
/N /S OU never can tell!
j \ If the average citizen of San
j I Francisco or even the wise
JJ impresario had been invited to
I ' J^T prophesy as to which musical.
C^>V venture, the Strauss or Grau,'
would prove tho more widely
popular here, nine times out of ten the
answer would have been, "Strauss, of
course."
Which shows that one never can tell.
Strauss, with his wcrld-famous orches
tra, which in New York drew an audience
whose surplus meekly availed Itself of tho
front steps of the opera-house in hope of
catching even an echo of the waltz kine's
rhythms; Strauss, who victoriously invad
ed the very citadel oZ the symphony,
Music Hall, in Uostuii; Slniuss. heir of a;i
unbroken line of seventy years* brilliant
triumphs of the aristocracy of tho dance,
in San Francisco finds his Waterloo. He
is in good company, belike, a strange and
various company, but who would ev*r
have prophesied that pleasure-loving,
laughter-lovingr San Frcnclsco would havo
coldly' declined Vienna's magic "invita
tion to the dance';? It is a case for thd
psychological crank, with his damp finger
upon the esthetic pulse of the city. It Is
a case, too, of practical import to ths
Impresario and a study in artistic aber
rations to the musician.
It has been roundly hinted that our
new-found name as a Wagnerlan strong
hold has something to do with the casa.
We are accused of being the nouveau
riche musical, jealous and fearful of our
small new thing in reputations and lu
dicrously persuaded tl:at a bowing ac
quaintance with our former tuneful lovea
would imply the exclusion from the Wag
nerlan visiting list — w.iercon our name is
still wet. Curious, inaeod. would.lt be lft
our native easy catholicity of taste were I
succeeded by a prigtfibhness' a musical
snobbishness, which could give point?
even to Uoston itself, and this happening
rather points that way. It might have
been reasonably supposed, had not every
other house of entertainment been crowd
ed during the we*k, that the ChrlstnuiS
tolls were responsible tor the cool wel
come accorded the Strauss orchestra. Tl>«j
raised prices at the California would also
have had to be taken into account wer-
It San Francisco's way to look twice at
a dollar, where her pleasure is concerned.
But, be the reasons wtiat they may, the
Strauss orchestra, which in New York
drew audiences of 5000 people, which was
approved by the foremost musical critics
in the country — Finck. Henderson, Hune
ker, Philip Hale, Krchbicl and Louis El
son among them— has played here to
empty houses, and orchestra, conductor
and the rest of us are still wondering
why.
• • •
Strauss himself, as has been before said,
would have been cheap at the price with
out the band. Of all leaders with whom
we are at all familiar the Viennese con
ductor has the most strikingly picturesque
personality and from a dozen different
standpoints. Mancinelll, master of his
art, with his eminent dignity and abso
lute repose, conceals with calm clever
ness every possible scrap of the machin
ery of conducting. Damrosch, with pos
sibly as much native dignity and genius,
but younger, still permits himself a few
picturesque tricks of the baton wleldcr.
Souea, the monarch of the march, be
tween whom and Strauss the most obvi
ous comparisons arise, is the poseur from
the mathematical part in his military
coiffure to the irreproachable heels of
him. There is an almost indecent lack ot
mystery in his method. A child can st-e
the "wheels go round." His work has the
apparent fpontaneity of the achievements
of a nickel-in-the-slot machine, the mys
tery and subtlety of the performance of a
glass-faced clock. He has the mechanical
perfection of a toy drummer, "correct,
ridiculous, charming," with the most un
affected delight in his own paragonic
graces. His affectation is natural to him,
a second nature. Sousa, without the pol
ished, impeccable, bijouterie of his
method, would be no longer Sousa. And
in spite of all the tricks and frills and
airs of him, how splendidly the march
king does "get there"!
It is in the results of their work, the
color, rhythmic magic, irresistible swing
of waltz and march that Strauss and
Eome Gatherings.
A fieligtitful New Tear's eve function
¦was that given by Miss Eva Walcorn. as-
Fiste«l by Miss Mollie Commerford, at
!!24S Bush street. The parlors were taste
fully decorated for the occasion and the
frueprs had a highly enjoyable evening,
ir.twFj >er5e'd as it was with games, vocal
ar.d Instrumental music and dancing. At
midnight a repast was perved and the
new year toasted in speech and song. The
pueMs were: Mleses Vera Mayers, Mar
gaict Burns, Lucie Pohlmann, Cordjle
Wetjtn. Edna Harris. Christine Goedje,
Florence Wilson. Alice Homrnelten
hergr, Mr. and Mrs. Lemon. Henry
Wlndt, Harold Goedje. Kenneth Mathe
son. B. Wittoraore, William Matheson,
Calvin Everhart. Albert • Windt, Harry
l-:bbey, Arthur Hawkins, GeorKe Haley,
Mr?. J. Walcom and Mis? Ida Walcom.
A dinner was given on New Year's day
at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. A. C.
Barraza. 51S Diamond street. Covers were
laid for eighteen. After the elaborate din
ner there was an evening of singing, reci
tations and games. The following named
wore pre52nt: Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Barraza,
Mesdames E. Valencia. J. Moraines. May
A. O'Brien and Esther Connelly Dunn,
Misse* R. Morano. May Fuller, Mae Dris
c^ll, Valentin*; Gross and Eleanor Sles-
"Wedding Bells.
The ir.arringe of MIfs S. H. Gre^nbcrg
to Samuel Livingston of Oakland was
eoiomr.tzed Tuesday afternoon. January 1-
will be at hora<? Tuesdsy and Friday even
irirs during Januar>-.
The enpas-etnent reception of Miss Ethel
JJrhtig and Herman Wiener will be held
this afternoon from 2 to 5 at 1256 Howard
¦treet.
Ralph Le^T and Mis? Lizzie Levene
will hold th^lr erg?.g«*raont reception to
dny from 2 to 5 at 1424 O"Farre!l street.
The fciigapement is announced of Miss
fadee L. Williams :o Rudolph F. Ruff.
They're Engaged.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Nettie Applotcn to Max Rosenbach.
Mrs. Julius Cohen of 1023 Buchanan
rtre<?t ann^xir.cee the engagement of her
<3augr^teT Rose to Louis G. Gosllner, «jon
of Mr. ar.d Mrs. Simon Gosliner. They
s-,™^ 'rfHE first week of the new cen
/f |" tury was a very Gray one.
fl j Dances, dinners and luncheonc
( V I Scepr the Finart set busy and
\^*— L-y the present outlook is that the
new year vJ! continue to go
on thus merrily until the
great Maxell Gras ball at the Art Insti
tute, which v.-ill brin^ the social season
to a brilliant finish.
Perhaps the most delightful function
ever civen by the Entre Nous Cotillon
was the entertainment and ba.i given on
New Year's eve at th-» CllJT Houso. Th3
ballroom, porches, parlors and suppcr
room were beautifully decorated with
ra!rns. btir.tinff. evergreens and lanterns
end fairy lights. The following pro
rrmrrme and toasts were given during
supper: Address of wrlcoiae. Walter. H.
Robinson: sola. Hurry WooU Brown; rrci
tation. Virginia Gco'Jscl!; ¦ toast. ¦'Our
PeHos and Bud«." John J. Var. Xos
trr_nd: specialties. Georce Hammersmith:
toast. "Our Olub." Samuel O. Stanyar. ;
polo. Philip J. El&Mxniann: toast. "Our
fhaperonrp." Mrrritt Kobison; flute sclo.
Mac B. L-ufilow; eolo, l>r. Joseph 1. Rich
fire's: toast. "Our Bacfceior Membors."
Coral Gilbert: "A Few Remarks,"" Jame*
T I.udlove- a-nd Merritt Robison: toast.
"Our Charter M«mbeis." George D. Gra
ham.
Suj>t>er wa? served at 2 a. m. and the
cotillon danced two hour? later. Hand
some souvenir menu cards and favors
were distributed. There were forty
couple* In attrrOancc. The young ladies
were iS har.fl?omeiy srowr.ed.
The regular monthly entertainment and
dance of the Native Sons of Vermont took
place on Friday evening, January 4, at
Odd Fellows' Hall. The following excel
lent programme was well received by the
large audlenc* present: Overture, "Twen
tlctn Century," Delleplane's orchestra;
baton exhibition, Ed. Higglns; impersona
tions, "The District School," Jean Durell.
Comic operetta in one act. entitled "Turn
Him Out"; cast — Nieodemus Rlloy (In the
honey business), James C. O'Donnell;
Mackintosh Brown, Roy Barrett Kay;
Eglantine Roseleaf. William Ogilvle;
Julia <Brown'» wife). Charlotte E. John
ston; Susan (a maid of all work). Miss
Etta M. Welsh.. Scene— Interior of Sun
flower Lodge. Time— The beginning of the
twentieth century-
A merry welcome to the new century.
given under the auspices of the Columbia
Social Club, took the enape of an enter
tainment and dance at Mission Masonic
Hall, Tto« hall. waa artistically decorated
¦with «ver*r»«ns and the club colors. The
early part , of the evening: wu pleasantly
pasted In recitationi, Binding and stere-
Club Parties.
On Wednesday afternoon last an elab
orate Christmas party was given by Wil
liam Biester at his residence. 1124 Leav
enworth street, in honor of his little son,
Freddie. The parlors were handsomely
decorated: scores of colored incandescent
lights were scattered throughout the fo
liage of evergreens and also Illumnlated
a beautiful tree tastefully decorated ani
bearing a gift for each of the little ones.
Master Eowara Jones acted as Santa
Claus during the presentation. For the
entertainment of those present Ilttls
Blanche Levin and Master Paulo Du Puy
danced a cake walk. Master Louis Mer
tens recited ¦ "Where la My Wandering
Boy To-nightT' Master Joseph McEvojr
danced a "sailor's hornpipe," Elizabeth
and Harry Sullivan sang a Christmas
carol and Eddie Krelss sang a coon song
with a piano accompaniment by Mrs.
Hugg. Mrs. John Golden and Mrs. Hujfg
assisted in receiving the children. Those
present were: Miss Grade Sullivan, MIjs
Hattie Levin. Miss Elizabeth Sullivan,
Miss Carrie Wood. Miss Lena Randolph,
Miss Hattie Coogle. Miss Emma Sullivan,
Mies Blanche Levin, Miss Grace Church,
Miss Maggie Krelss, Miss Ursula Fehan,
Miss Rebecca Randolph, Miss Tillio Mer
tens. Miss Mauflie Wade, Miss Pansy Gib
bons. Miss May Sullivan. Miss Marie Ed
wards, Miss Nellie Rattigan, Miss Goldlo
Levin, Miss Ethel McKay,- Miss Flossie
Wade. Miss Elsie Blester. Eddie Kreiss,
Paulo Du Puy, Louis Mertens. William
Rattig-an. Oscar Louckhardt, Freddie
Blester, Bacclgalupl Zlse." Herble Kreiss,
Franklo Best, Jimmie Sullivan, Berty
Oesting, Eddie Jonas, Georgie Kreiss,
Harry Sullivan. Willie Sullivan. Adolph
Wolfo. Georgie Wise, Joseph Tilson, Ed
die FitzBimmons, Joseph McEvoy, Eddie
Randolph and Johnnie Kane.
Miss Belle Hechtmao entertained at a
"confusion party" at- her home. 2338 Pa
cific avenue, Friday afternoon. Her guests
were her little schoolmates at Irving In
stltute. The decorations were in red.
AfteT refreshments the children were de-
UphtM with a huge Christmas tree and
rifts from the hands of a dear old Santa
Claus. Among those present were: Mla»
Florence Aitken, Miss Lucille Murphy.
Miss Wynn Martin. Miss Ella OttJnger,
M!.«s Alexandria Shields, • Miss Janet
Klinlc Miss Genevieve Mersfelder, Miss
Florence Slmklns. Miss Marjorie Stotz,
MIbb Hertha Ladd. Miss Carrie Hoyte,
Miss Sara Bhiels. Miss Florence Wend
llng and Miss Mildred Gilbert.
A new century party was given by Dr.
and Mrs. Blumenberg on New Y r ear's eve.
A very fine programme of vocal and in
strumental music was furnished by the
hostess and her guests. A bountiful sup
per was followed by dancing, which was
continued well into the new century.
Among' those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
William Blackwell, Mr. and Mrs. John
Bulger, Mr. and Mrs. Bruckman, Dr. and
Mrs. W. A. Harvey. William Murdock,
Mrs. Stewart Murdock, Miss Rosa Mur
dock. Mr. and Mrs. Tricon, Judge Hill and
Miss Hill, Professor Sawvell and Mrs.
Sawvell, Mrs. S. Parker. Miss Uarby,
Mrs. K. Murphy. Miss L. Mativa. Miss
Hazel Blackwell, Miss Lulu McLeod. Miss
Minnie Martin, Miss White. Miss Politeo,
M. W. Politeo. Miss Kensa, Mr. Leonard,
Mr. Pierson, J. D. Hanna, Albert Miller
and Maurice Kramer.
A sheet and pillow case surprise party
was given to Miss Edna de Wolf on New
Year's eve. The evening was passed with
dancing and games, the prizes being won
by Miss Ottie Gllllland, Miss Ethel Mc-
Clure, Miss Carrie McLean, Julian Wolf
sohn, Victor Massie and Gloucester Wil
lis. Those present were Miss Edna de
Wolf, Miss Grace Taylor. Miss Edna Os
born, Miss Anita Rose, Miss Daisy Wol
ters, Miss Edith Alderson, Miss Carrie
AicLean, Miss Harriet Keep, Miss An
nabel Keep. Miss Ottie Gilliland. Miss
Ethel McClure, Miss Harriet Pugh,
Charles Massie, Victor Massie, Herbert
Taskett, Julian Wolfsohn, Roy Taylor,
Charles Copper, Milton Lewison. Wilber
Strawbridge and Gloucester Willis.
A pleasant domino eurprise party was
given to Miss Myrtle R. Saylor at her
home. 242 Twelfth avenue, by Misses
May Lohmann and Adrlanna Lesser, Sat
urday evening. December 22. Those pres
ent were: Mr. and Mrs. D. W. Saylor,
Miss May Lohmann, Miss Addie Majorie
Lesser, Miss Evelyn Lesser, Miss Isabell
Miller. Miss Gail H. White, Miss Daisy
Upham, Miss Tillie White. Miss Edna
Young. Miss Addie Buckley, Miss Alice
Trewln, Miss Grace Steison, Miss Sophie
Dressier, Miss Clara Pratt, Miss Myrtle
Saylor, Mies Ruby Saylor, Miss Grace
Saylor, James Jordan, Jack Bolger, Harry
Lohmann, R. Gus White. Al Lesser, Ar
thur Johannsen, Andrew Foreman, George
Hawkins, Fred Grannis. W. Geddus. Mr.
Jones. Walter Upham. Walter Plank,
Harvey Cochran. F. Forrester, C. Qudens,
Master Louis Saylor and Mr. Worth.
Mr. and Mrs. S. l>. Mish entertained
about seventy-five little girls and boys at
their residence, 1K2 Post street, on Satur
day. December 29, In honor of the tenth
anniversary of their youngest daughter,
Florence. Their spacious halls and par
lors were tastefully decorated with flow
ers, ferns and pmilax, and the little ones
Indulged in various games, dancing, sing
ing and recitations. During the afternoon
a novel feature of the entertainment was
furnished by Mr. Huzzard. a ventriloquist.
Among these present were: Ruth Sadler,
Rosebud Mish. Gertie Creger, Florence
Sahlein. Myrtle Mueller Gladys Bush,
Florence Mish. Jeanne Block, Myrle Badt,
Gertie Siedenb^irg-. Alice and Irene Schles
ingpr. Rose Morris. Leonie Posener, I'.es
sie Rattagan, Viola Beszynsky, Genevieve
Raphael, Zene and Lilian Roman, Helena
Schweitzer, Lizzie Mayhew. Rose Gruhn.
Aln;a SummerfieM, Mira Harris. Maoel
Green, Tillie Bcyken, Bertha Asher. Uore
ta Lachir.an. A<~iele Ash, Gladys DeuUch.
Louise Eschman, Elizabeth Well. Alma
Schlesinper. Alice Plagomann; Manters
Herbert Bennett. Ambrose Gepan.. Henrj'
Creger, Jesse Muller, Frederic Raphael,
Rudolph PlaRcmann. Walter Newman,
Arthur Summerfteld, Mark Loszynsky. Isi
dor Mend^lsobn, Georgie Johnson. I>avid
Eahlein. Roy Van Vliet. Charlie Bush.
Louis Lengfeld Sidney Graf. Harold Iken
borg, Leopold Schlesinger, Mtrvj'n Schles
ingrer and others.
An enjoyable dinner was given by Mr.
and Mr*. H. Xeilsen at Ifrnacio on New
Year's day in honor of their many young
guests. Covers were laid for twenty.
Sonps were given at intervals by John
Staude and Jim C. Staude. Christine
Hock. Lillian Hildebrand, JeaJiette Saun
ders and Roy Barney, after which danc
ing followed and all present had a very
pleasant time.
On New Year's eve "Wayland E. Jones
was given a surprise party at his homo
in the Mission. There was a large com
pany of friends present to enjoy the va
rious amusements of the evening.
A most delightful New Year's eve party
was given at the cozy home of Mr. and
Mrs. K. li. Hildebrand, 314 Thirtieth
Street. The evening was spent in music,
sinsins and dancing. At 11 o'clock supper
w.ns served; a'ter which-all were present
ed wit!i horns with which to welcome
Ore new year. Those present were: Mr.
and Mm. C-. \V. Douglas Sr.. Mr. and
Mrs. Chris lloval of Woodland. Mr; and
Mrs. G. \V. Smith. Mr. and. Mrs. F. H.
Hildebrnr.d. Mis. C. Schwab. Mrs. M. J.
Reynolds of St. Louis, Mo.. Miss U. Helb
ingr, Paul Schwab, Miss Pauline Hinderer,
Erv.in Schwab and Miss Lottie Hayden.
A very pleasant little party was plven to
Miss lfnm.a Cohen in honor of her sixth
birthday at her residence, 426 Church
street, on Dscember 30. Among those
present were: Misses Helen Katschlnskl,
Kmma Cohen. Anita Junk. Gertie Meiers,
Rosa and Mvta Band. Esther Bash. Kuth
and Hazel Chalpen. Rosa and Sadie Roh
feld. Fannie and Flora- Bucksteln; Irpne
KeUte Ahcme. Jessie and Stella
Goldberg-. Eninia. Stella and Mamie illl
koviich and Blanche Sanneborn, and Al
bert Uornunp. Julius and Harold Cohen,
Birdie and Isidore Bur.d, Carl Bash. An
drew Aherrc and Alex ar.d Louis Rehfeld.
senser, Messrs. Octave Carnaud. J. W.
Cameron, Gordon Good, E. Driscoll and
Lecn. Alfred and Herman Barraza.
By BlanchePartington.
SOCIETY
MUSIC
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 6, 1901.
The table of ascents of Mont Blanc for
1900 has just been published, says the Lon
don Globe. It shows that the Swiss lead,
with thirty-eight ascents, followed by the
French,' the Germans and the Americans,
England being quite low down on the list
with only five ascents. A good many of
our climbers were on other kopjes at the
time, and we may console ourselves for
26
Great Sacrifice
CLEARANCE SALE!
The great success of our annual Clearance Sale not-
withstanding . last week's stormy weather is proof of the
MARVELOUS BARGAINS OFFERED throughout our
PEERLESS STOCK OF LADIES' and MISSES' STYL-
ISH OUTER GARMENTS, and guarantees a still more
favorable reception for the
STILL DEEPER CUTS IN PRICES MADE THIS WEEK.
t
OUR SPECIAL ITEMS DESERVING OF
PARTICULAR NOTICE.
ioo LADIES' ALL-WOOL CAPES, mercerized silk lined,
value for $7.50 each, marked down to Q tf) Q A
* • >-.:w.... : ~/.:-..: Each 5Z.3U
TAILOR-MADE SDITS MADE TO ORDER.
IMPORTED CLOTH SUITS MADE TO ORDER.
CHEVIOT SUITS made to order, Satin lined sleeves and
waist, mercerized silk lining in. skirt, value for $30,
marked down this week to Suit $20.00
BLACK TAILOR-MADE SUITS, imported cloths from
the renowned manufacturer, Brooks of Leeds, Satin-
faced, seven flare skirts, waists and sleeves lined with
black silk, former price $60.00, marked down this week
to Suit $35.00
J.O'BRIEN&CO,
JM^»*6 Market St.
You Can Get Rid of
FACE TORMENTS,
FRECKLES,
PIMPLES,
SALLOWNESS,
MOTH,
PATCHES,
WRINKLES,
By taking my treatment at my par-
lors, or I can treat you successfully
by mail, confidential.
WM MHK
tf^^wm pdpmi 1
Krs. luttie Etrriun s I J [j Pi III Pi
Is a pure, delicate appearing solid resemb-
ling sweet country butter. Absorbed la
the «k!n pores by gentle robbing; It re-
vives and restores the skin's vitality, the
relaxed muscles and iibro-js tissue beootne
rested, the blood which Is the
SKIN'S LIFE
at onoe circulates freely, and the result
Is a dear, smooth, velvety complexion.
Price, 75 cents per Jar, postpaid. Ladles
treated by mail for ill blemishes.
TDlAl DOT L«d!o« sending
1 KIAL, fKJ i . thlst ad. with IO i
cents In stamps will receive a book of
Instructions and a bax of 6ktn Food and
Face Powder Free.
Yonr Gray Hair m^ r ««'- «-
Not Wanted. fts=U" - -
But there is relief from it. In
Four Days it can be Restored
To Its Natural Color by using
¥^PlHair Restorer
It is not a dye, but in a natural way
it acts on the roots, compelling the
secretion of the pigments that give
life and color to the hair— In four
days— $1 a bottle, at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS
LI A I D ThMt ST««test of all di«-
nL in flgnrementiofawo-
¦ ¦ *¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ man's face, permanently
removed, ia the only snoceuful -way
—with the ELECTRIC NEEDLE, m
cpemUd br Mw. Harrlion.
Wart«, Freckles, Mole«, Pimpl.i
tad Wrinkles quickly nmored under
pxy personal treatment at my X>er-
ttatologlcal Parlors. .
Mrs. Nettie Harrison,
DERMATOLOGIST,
78 and 80 Geary Street.
•Ait ntiiffcisco, cxu. v. 8. a.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And' all other facial blemishes are removed by
DH. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
bulMlmr, 1170 Market st., > cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29. with the electric needle without pain or
•car. Permanency guaranteed: hours 1 to 4 p. m.
Tha greatest nkln . food and tissue . builder,
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by making the skin firm:
It renders the skin soft. , : __ ¦¦. : ¦¦¦-¦¦•¦ •.
smooth, clear, white and' 1 ™
youthful and cures Poison ftiTiJsi 11 Tl
Oak and Eczema. It Is a TnJgTM sVTJfc
liquid. : Any cream of the a*S»2»5p^Bt
consistency of butter will fBWBF**-VWB'
stimulate the growth of H^F-3tficlH
hair on tha face. Brah- WBS ~% - fjffift
man Toilet Cream Is CaBM *fUfiS9E^
guaranteed not to do so. -iSfiik **»3Ba'
Price &0c. Brahman -tTWfbrflJ'Sjff'V
Tooth Powder. 25c. All rsVgiK^fy >
drugirists and 'at office of """" **™™*ss*fcj
A. W. TRAVERSE, M. D. Large stock always
at J. S. Potts',-. Drug . Co. ' '- .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is a * Lydiii Eu Plnkh&m's VegeisblB GoBisssoaiMS I
I \ Gub*gsI me Absolutely* ;
)'i! U Backache Is a' forerunner and one of tho most p
I ' common symptoms of Kidney trouble and womb m
displacement, which are Invariably prevented 1*
\^^6uMMpJ and cured- by Lydla E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com" p
pound, Read Miss Stevenson's fetters ¥-
4^£ix£m£?i M I §jwk "Deak Mrs. Pixkham: — Your Vegetable Compound has worl-ed wonders § v
MpRBsslai^ w^k me - * wa3 a S 1 ' eat sufferer with ulceration of the womb, had such backaches |^;
J&ii&gii^ra f £ I iji and bearing-down pains that it required a great effort to do a small amount of
my household duties. Since taking Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
I am able to do a11 mv own work and feel Uko a neTV> woman - Your Sanative |.
j^^H^^^^^^g jjjffflj Wash also is something I could not afford to be without. |/
B^^^^^^^^^^^ "I cannot say enough in behalf of your remedies. I heartily recommend £;
Si^^^M them to all suffering women. "-Hrs. P. C. Bazley, 724 Fourth Avenue, |:
Oon't make the mistake of trying to oircrccmo |;
hackacho by heroic endurance* There is always |<
1^^^^^^^^ something serious causing this trouble* YJrate to h
IR^^i Mrsm Pinkham about it. Her address is Lynn, Mass, g
¦hHHHh191b firs. Henry Galtosu, 1825 Charles St., La Crosse, Wis., writes : v
m9^B§^KSkmSsB "Dear Mrs. Pinkhaji: — 'When I first wrote to you for advice I was in a c
, ffil^^W^^ra^^^^^^ vcrT k^ condition with falling of the womb, backache and bearing dotvn.
B^H^^^^^^^^^^^a, Could not stand five minutes. I followed your advice strictly and have used Jt
JwTflfl^SB|^iMpitMi^^k seven bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, two of Blood f'
||j^JK«^^aij^w^BL Purifier and four packages of Sanative Wash and am now perfectly well." B^
roBllHraJfflWiiiMSByg^S^^^^,^^^ CQIvlPQlSPffi X£? y f&' have deposited with the National City S.
yJBBaWWwiBMfi}l^^iMBK^wn°y AflnrO Ban'*, of Lynn, Mass.. $5,000, which will S :
J^fj*^^g^K^^^^E^rgHEg« I W«J'ra&^ be paid to any person who will show that the above testimonials are net &
KwmWf^PtKStBU'^B^SBISsit j r E3/\ CblS A fiLSC genuine, or were published before obtaining the writers' *pscUlpenatHioa.-» e
CSMlcilJiiflBhm Lvdia E. Pinkham Meoicinb Co., Lynn, Mass. | v
Half Illn \ ftrr, d<>r * never f - iL
8 Milt If IA VHU-U»Uil..<LcUfli;5Bating KaUway .Iron.
Iron for the blood- has evidently been
prescribed for the quails of Florida; at
feast; these birds v are eating steel rails on
the tracks of the sugar Jjelt nearRunny
mede. The report, which is well authenti
cated, does not charge the quails with
actually swallowing, the rails, but It does
say .: that they pick away their . particles
wherever ¦ they find , a rusty, spot where
they, are loosened. /.¦;•¦•¦. : - . ...
From several points In the State comes
tho report of holes found In steel rails, and
In cases they are large enough to serious
ly weaken the material. Where : a T rusty
spot starts and is picked out. It naturally
holds moisture, . continues ¦ to rust, . to be
again ' picked : at. . and so ¦. the work \ of de
struction goes on. r. \
Railway engineers : really." believe . that
the quails take the Iron tonic because they
are not well, and find It relieve* their
distress." " ....
California'Lodge of the Independent Or^
dcr of B'ne B'rith will give Its thirtieth
anniversary ball In B. B. Hall on the
night of the 23d Inst . •
Crexnleux Lodg« has slcetod too follow*
B'ne B'rith.
Hesperian Grove has had initiation or
conferring of degrees at every meeting
sine* the 1st of last October. This grove
will have work In the initiatory degree on
the night cf tho visit by the past arches.
Perseverance Grove has declared that
June 16 shall be French Druids' day, and
on that date will have a monster excur
sion to and picnic at Sunset Park.
District Deputy Grand Arch B. Harmon
called at the office of the grand secretary
last week and reported that Hayward
Grove Is prosperous, having during the
laet term made a net gain of thirty-six
members. He stated that the grove ex
pects to make as good a showing during
the current term. On the occasion of the
official visit to this grove the groves at
Liver-more and Pleasanton will be asked
to Join in to make a grand Druldic nigrht
A number of Oakland Druids are work
ing to organize a new grove In Alameda.
Columbus Grove of San Jose Initiated
six candidates in Dffcember.
Loleta Grove, Instituted in November
last, is actively at work and has some
thing in the degree line for tho officers
at each meeting.
Past Chief Druid N. Dimmer, who
passed away a few days since after a
fingering illness, was laid at rest last
Frldav. the service being conducted by.
the Masonic order, of which : he was also
¦ member. The members of Hartnagle
Chapter attended the funeral.
Roma Grove of Oakland now has the
names of two hundred members on Its
roll. V
Olema Grove closed the century with a
grand ball in its large hall, which was
a pleasant and successful affair. This
grove h&s reduced its initiation fee for
threa months and expects a large sain.
Twelve Druids will receive the chapter
degree at the meeting of Hartnagle Chap
ter next Thursday.
About thirty members of the Fast
Arches' Association accompanied James
F. Martinoni. the president, on his recent
visit to Galileo Grove, and the visitors
were received with a warm welcome.
During the evening the visited grove
elected a stranger, who on the night of
the Sth inst. will be initiated with six
others. A number of the visitors ad
dressed the grove.
The Association of Past Noble Arches
at its last held meeting elected fifteen
eligibles to membership. • The president
announced that the next visit will be to
Hesperian Grove next Tuesday, and that
there will be a visit to Laurel Grove on
the 2ith inst. The last named grove,
which has offered a gold emblematic pin
to any member who will bring In and
have Initiated live members on the night
of this visit, will have work that night
At the request of a number of Druids
of Los Angeles, Grand Secretary Graves
has forwarded literature to enable the
applicants to organize a Past Arches' As
sociation in the city named.
Druidism.
San Francisco Lodge celebrated Christ
mas by the initiation of ten applicants
and the reception of fifteen applications
to be admitted to membership. This lodge
now numbers 3T>0. Exalted Ruler Bonnet
has almost recovered from the effects of
the accident he met with several months
ago, and is now able to walk without
crutches. W. S. Barry of this lodge, who
recently underwent a severe operation at
one of the local hospitals, is on the road
to recovery. The lodge's ways and means
committee Is arranging for an Elks' night,
te be given during the latter part of the
current month. A number of novelties
and surprises will be introduced. The
committee on Grand Lodge meeting of 1902
Is working bard on the preliminaries and
will soon issue a circular to all lodges of
the California jurisdiction. The commit
tee on new locale for the lodge has held
several meetings, but it has not yet de
cided on a suitable place. Brother
Wheelock is one of the proudest Elks in
this city. He is the grandfather of nine
boys, and he declares that every one shall
become an Elk as soon as he becomes or
age.
Grand Exalted Ruler Fisher will it is ex
pected visit San Francisco In March, l*jl.
on his way to Honolulu to institute a new
lodge there.
Eureka Lodge, with a charter list of 175,
will be instituted during the latter part
of the current month.
The charter list for the new lodge that
is being organized in Santa Rosa will soon
close.
In Elkdom.
The National Union.
T"nd<*r the direction of the energetic
committee cf the National Union Social
and Literary Club, that organization, with
the patronage of the San Francisco Cabi
net, will give another of its delightful en-
Ltrtainmcnts in Odd Fellows' Hall on the
nijrht of the 9th Inst.. on which occasion
Dr. A. H. Millberry will be the chairman
of the evening. The programme will in
clude the following numbers:
Selections. 8 to S:15 o'clock, Sichel's Or
chestra-la) march, "Oh. Oh. Miss Phebe"
(Von Tilzer); (b) sextet, "Lucia di Larn
mermoor" (Donizetti); (a) "Anchor's
Weighed" (Rraham) . (b) "She's All My
Fancy Painted Her" (Millard). Henri
Fairweather; a few minutes with Miss
Helen Stuart; soprano solo, "Good-night.
Btloved, Good-night" (Oliver), Miss Ina
Allen; Chinese impersonator, Harry Wal
tcn; (a) "Pretty Swallow" (Brahms). (b>
"My Soul I Dip in the Chalice" (Franz),
(c) "Good-night" (Rubinstein), Henri
Fairweather; comedy. "The First Kiss"—
characters: Jack Ludlow (a young bene
dict). George Hammersmith; Louise (his
wife>. Harriet Barton; scene, sitting-room
In Mrs. Ludlow' s flat.
Norman R. Arter, a very energetic
member of Golden Gate Council, an
nounces himself as a candidate for sen
ator to represent the National Union at
the sessions of the senate to be held next
July. Mr. Arter has been a member of
the order almost since it was established
on this coast, has gone through the chairs
of Golden Gate Council, was its president
for two successive terms and is now pres
ident of the San Francisco Cabinet
All arrangements have been made for
the installation of the officers of Aurora
Lodge of the Knights and Ladies of lion
or to-morrow night In Union-square Hall.
This lodge has a plan by which It ex
pects to have a large attendance of mem
bers at meetings, and It will be devel
oped at this meeting.
Aurora Lodge, K. and L. of Honor.
The increase in the order during the
month of December will exceed that of
November, which was a net gain of 12J.
Valley Lodge opened in its new quarters
in the Pioneer bulldinu last Wednesday
night and there was present a very hirge
attendance of members and many visi
tors. During the evening Major Black
man. D. D. G. M. W.. assisted by "Walter
S. Malloy. S. K. C. noting as guide, in
stalled the officers of the lodge. Then fol
ldwed a number of snort addresses for
the good of the order. After the close of
ihe lodge about sixty of the members
adjourned to a dining hall, where a fine
collation was served in celebration of the
change of meeting place.
Sts. John Lodge has removed from the
Alcazar building, where It had occupied
quarters for many years, and is now lo
cated in the blue room of the Pioneer
building. It held its first meeting there
Icrt Thursday
The meeting held Jn the hall of Mag
nolia Lodge on the night of the last day
of the century was an interesting one.
The master of the iodge initiated eight
candidates for Magnolia. Valley, Prosper
ity. Harir.onv and Nve Vailey lodges.
The officers of Fidelity Lodge will be
installed on the 9th inst. those of St.
John on the 10th, those of Franklin on
the 12th and those of Superior Lodge on
tho l«th.
During the month of December, Deputy
R. F. Wells, who has been working in
Santa Clara County, succeeded in placing
in Enterprise Lodge of San Jose eighty
strangers who were Initiated as candi
dates^ This lodge has one of the best
drill teams in the State. It will enter the
contest In April next for the prize offered
by the grand lodge. During the same
period the same deputy secured forty
members for Mount Hamilton Lodge, who
were placed on the roll of membership,
some by initiation, 'ome by reinstate
ment This lodge is second in member
ship in the jurisdiction, having within a
few of &X'. It also has a drill team that
ts ii!J to date.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
that ever presided at a noble grand's sta
tion.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge will give a mas
querade ball in Odd Fellows' Hall on the
night of the 22d of February.
OAKLAND, Jan. 4.-fThe Mothers' Un
ion of Golden Gate has elected the fol
lowing officers: President, Mrs. H. Wlsh
an; vice president, Mrs. P. Cahill; treas
urer, Mrs. E. Crist;- secretary, Mr. J
IV McSure. A chairman waa also
appointed for each .. committee. Two
poems by Ella Wheeler Wllcox were
ably read by Mrs. P. - Cahill.
Mothers' TJrdon Elects Officers.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 4.— Oak Grove Lodge,
F. and A. M.. Installed officers last night
In the Masonic Temple.. C. H. Wever, the
retiring worshipful master, conducted the
ceremonies and waa ' presented with a
Jewel. The now officers are the follow
ing: Worshipful master, Philip S. Teller;
senior warden, "William ' H. Baurhyte;
junior warden, J. E. "Youngberg; treas
urer. T. W. Leydecker; secretary, Oswald
Lubbock; chaplain, H.S. Lubbock; mar
shal. C J. Hammond; senior deacon, A. S
J. Shannon; Junior deacon, Joseph R.
Knowland; senior steward, Albert Ben
nett; junior steward, ' M. W. Simpson:
tyler, H. C. Decker.. .' -.
Masons Install Officers,
The first meeting In the new century
by the Good Templars of Oakland was
well attended. It was called to order by
Chief Templar A. H. South wick, who
brieily stated the object of the meeting
and incidentally called attention to the
work of the templars in "lifting the fal
len and protecting the young from falling
Into tho snares of the tempter." Then
followed a programme of entertainment
and Instruction. Miss Clara Norman en
tertained with a: .pli»no solo. Miss Inez
Scott gave a recitation, which called for
an uncore, Miss Claudie Dumont sang a
ballad,, this was followed by a recitation
by MIbs Strasbury and selections by the
William Handel Maiidolln Club. After
that the Rev. Mr. Plneo. for many years
a worker in tho cause of temperance, de
livered a spirited address, and George
Lee of Valley Lodge Of San Francisco
also addressed the cudlence. He spoke on
tho work done in the Good Templars'
Home, showing that out of 1700 orphans
received there but twenty-three were
those of Good Templars, showing, as he
asserted, that "the order is unselfish and
that Good TemplarB-do not often leave
helpless orphans for. others to take care
of. There were, other. musical and liter
ary numbers and then a collation.
Good Templars' Work.
The several local camps of the Wood
men of the "World have started In the
new. year by receiving a number of ap
plications, which have been referred to
committees on investigation.
There will be a public installation of
the ollicers of Redwood Camp In the
Pioneer building on the night of the 10th
Inst.
All arrangements have been completed
for the public installation of the officers
of Golden Gate Camp In Native Sons'
Hall on the night of the 17th inst. A lino
programme of dances will follow the cere
mony.
Redwood Circle of the "Women of Wood
craft held a special meeting last Wednes
day night for the purpose of making
arrangements for the Installation of the
offlcers next Tuesday night. <
Woodmen of .the World.
The report of the supreme office, dated
January 1, shows that since the previous
monthly report 135 dtaths were reported,
of which seven -were credited to Califor
nia. Forty of the death claims were paid
before the list was issued and the cur
rent assent will be buUicient to pay tho
balance by the 10th indt., and leave a sur
plus of $9S,000.
On the 24th inst Grand Dictator Archi
bald will visit California Lodge in Sacra
mento, on which occasioii the officers will
be installed in public.
On the night of the 14th Inst. the offi
cers of Yerba Buena Lodge will be In
stalled, and on the 'ilst inst. there will
be the installation banquet.
Unity Lodge will install its officers on
the night of the 14th inst.
The officers of .Norman Lodge will be
Installed next Tuesday night and after
the ceremonies there will be a bantiuet
tor the members.
The officers of Keystone Lodge were in
stalled last Thursday night in the pres
ence of a good attendance of the mem
bership. .
Knights of Honor.
A company of the uniform rank Is be
ing organized at Lincoln, Placer County.
The grand chancellor will shortly call a
session • of the executive council of the
Grand Lodge of this State for the pur
pose of presenting to It the report of the
supreme representatives in relation to the
session of the Supreme Lodge, to bo. held
in this city in 1S02. It Is probable that a
preliminary committee will be appointed
to suggest the work for the other "com
mittees.
Unity Lodge of the Knights of Pythias
has noticed the effect of the dispensation
granted to it some time since to Initiate
candidates at charter rates for a period of
three months. This has resulted In a grat
ifying Increase in. membership and a bet
ter attendance than the lodge has known
for years. This lodge will install Its of
ficers in public in Pythian Castle on the
night of the 10th inst.
Herman Schaffner, great keeper of rec
ords and seals, will be with Madera Lodge
of Madera next Thursday, on the occa
sion of its anniversary celebration. ,
, The chiefs of Carqulnez Tribe and those
of Alita Council were Jointly and publicly
raised up in Crockett last night.
Knights of Pythias.
Great Sachem Brandon has arranged a
list of visitations that will occupy about
two months of his time. He will start next
week by visiting. the tribes and councils in
Sarramer.to County. ¦
The new tribe recently instituted at
Geyserville has been named Illinl and its
number is 109. It starts with fifty charter
members. Frank Burr is the sachem and
Harry Black chief of records.
Pocahontas Tribe of this city at its
meeting last Thursday night had twenty
palefaces to adopt. The work was well
done.
Bald Eagle Tribe at its meeting last
Wednesday night had several adoptions,
thereby increasing its membership to
nearly 250 and placing Itself In the list of
tribes that have passed the 240 mark. The
membership of this tribe has been very
active of late, and it Is striving to reach
the top notch of the fraternal pole.
Improved Order of. Bed Men.
Grand Sub-Chief -Companion Miss Alice
Ticoulet will make nfucial visits to the
following circles In January and Febru
ary: January 14, to Bay City Circle; W.
to Pain Alto Circle; 18, to Hamlet Circie;
22, to Mizpah Circle; February 7 .to Bon
ita Circle: 12, to Diana Circle: 19. to
Golden Gate Circle, and 21, to San Fran
cisco Circle. She will make a special visit
to Pride of the Forest Circle on the 5th of
March. •
Mrs. Kate Agee/ grand chief companion
will visit Santa Rosa Circle on the 4th of
February and Robin Hood Circle on the
6th of that month. .V;V
The officers of Live Oak Circle have
been Installed by Deputy Herman Kohn,
assisted by Kate Campbell as marshal.
The new officers are:' Mrs. B. Harris, C.
C; Mrs. M. Hastedt, S. C; Mrs. M. Low
den, T.; Nat Rothman. F. 8.; Mrs. E J.
N. Steinweg, R. S.; Mrs. F. Pyborne K.
G.; Mrs. M. Spencer. L. G.; Mrs. J. Mar
go. I. G.; Mrs. M. Sanders, O. G. ; Mr<«.
J. F. Spellman, P. C. C. A badge of ner
rank in the order and a certificate was
presented to Mrs. .Spellman.
Henry Nicolai, I. G.; Mrs. J. Ebner O.
G.. After the ceremony the circle, through
the installing. officer, presented a jewel of
the rank of past chief companion -to tho
retiring Junior past chief. The installa
tion was followed by u collation and a
social hour. .
Alma Jensen as marshal and a corps of
assistants: Mattle Webb, N. G.; Harriet
Eeckley, V. G.; Barah A. Draffln, R. 8.;
Uay Lawtqn, F. 6.; F. W. Derby. T.; Mrs.
Stlckney. W.; Amy Webb. C: Sister
Blade, O. G.; Sister Thomas. I. G.; Lena
JarviB. R. 8. to N. G.; Mrs. Dupea, L. S.;
Mrs. Meyerdlrks, R. S. to V. G.; Mrs.
8 Pots wood . L. S.; Mrs. F. W. Derby,
chaplain. The work was performed in a
most impressive manner and vac highly
coTcmenaed by the many who witnessed
It During the evening Past Grand Mas
ter Barnes presented on behalf of the
lodge a handsome jewel to the retiring
past noble grand. Marguerite Derby, and
llary Van Slyrk then presented to Mrs.
Allie Parker the retiring noble grand, a
beautiful collar Indicative of her rank.
Under the administration of Mrs. Parker
as noble grand Oriental Lodge has made
a good record, having initiated twenty-one
candidates. The noble grand during her
term displayed more Independence and
force of character than any one who has
ever filled the " eame position. Her aim
was to carry out the ritual in its perfec
tion, and those who watched her say that
In that the succeeded admirably, ft was
during her term that the lodge celebrated
Us fifteenth anniversary, and the banquet
that was served In commemoration of the
event was the most elaborate that has
ever been got up for a Rebekah lodge in
this city. A feature of the lady's adminis
tration was the Introduction of some so
cial function after the close of business
en almost every meeting night.
The following elected and the appointed
oUcers of Templar Lodge will be installed
on the night of the 19th Inst.: WInnifred
M. Dowle. noble grand; Geneva H. Ash
worth, vice grand; Beseie Monroe, record-
Ing secretary, and Delia Spinney, treas
urer. Mrs. Tressie Hopkins will become
the Junior past noble grand and she. will
retire with the satisfaction of having won
the admiration of every one who ever
saw her preside in the lodge for the re
markable executive ability she displayed
and the fact that during her term she
never used a ritual and rendered all her
decisions without consulting any parlia
mentary work. She has the reputation of
being the most perfect parliamentarian
Th« following named omcers of Oriental
Ix>d*~e ot tee Rebekahs were Installed last'
Wednesday by District Deputy President
Mrs. Eola M. Cyrus, assisted by Mrs.
Bebefrnh Lodges.
has consolidated with Hydesvilla En
campment, the consolidation having been
ejected by Thcmas K. Carr.
Golden Gate Encampment No. 12 will in
stall Its ofSeers on the night of the 12th
last. The officers of Wlldey and Unity
encampments will be Jointly Installed on
the Sth.
Orlental Encampment had its officers ln
etaliea last night In the presence of a
larg-e number of the members.
The new offlcers of Yerba Buena Lodge
and of Presidio Lodge were installed last
Thursday night. After the ceremony
Yerba Euena Lodge entertained the new
officers and the members at a collation.
Templar Lodge has arranged to install
its officers on the night of the 16th mst.
The officers of Parker Lodg» will be
publicly Installed on the night of the 8th
inst.
C. E. Port has been appointed a director
of the Odd Fellows' Hall Association, vice
H. S. Jones, who has taken up his resi
dence In Los Angeles. Herman Joost nas
been appointed a director of the eame as
sociation, vice Emll Nelmler, deceased.
next Tuesday night. The programme
committee nas arranged a pleasant en
tertainment to follow the closing of the
chapter. This chapter will have a public
entertainment en the night of the 22d
inst. In the nature of a bonbon party.
The plan for this event was discussed at
the residence of Mrs. Helen Edwards, the
conductress, on New Year's eve, and the
la.£y at the termination of the business
made the committee l.er guests at a dain
ty collation partaken of while all were
vetchlng the old one out and the new
one in. _
I>a&t "Wednesday night the new officer*
cf Ivy Chapter tendered a collation to the
retiring one and a number of the mem
bers. It was a private reunion.
The officers of Oakland Chapter were
ir.stalled last Thursday night.
Golden Gftte Chapter bad candidates to
lr.ltia.te at the meeting held last Thurs-
CoJ- night.
There are prospects of a new chapter
being organized at Fort Jones, Siskiyou
County.
The grand matron, has sent holiday
freetlngs to all the chapters In the Juris
diction.
California, Chapter had a large clans
of candidates to Initiate at its meeting
last night. After the clos« of the chapter
there was a collation served to members
and visitors.
Odd Fellowship.
Friendship Encampment of Rhonerville
Eastern Star.
Unity Chapter No. Go, Order of the
Eastern Star, of Oakland, received ap
proved applications of six candidates at
the last held meeting on Christmas night.
These, called "Unity's Christmas gift,"
¦will b« Initiated at the meeting to be held
Hiss Juliette Turpin. C. C: Miss F. Vol
puard. e. C. C; Mrs. Jennie Bcrger. F. S.;
Mrs. Ida McCready. R. S. : Mrs. M. Gar
borirJ, T.; Benjamin Noble, R. G.; Mrs.
A. S. Blanchard, L. G.; Mrs. N. Clark, I.
G.; Mrs. A. Fonley. O. G.; Dr. W. D.
Clark, physician. The installation of
court and circle was followed by a pro
gramme of dancing until midnight.
The following named have been installed
as the officers of Ophir Lodge. I. O. O. F..
for the current term: A. Plath, noble
grand; S. Har.sen, vice grand; J. R. Mor
ris.on. recording secretary; Thomas Ste
venson. Sr:aneia! secretary; F. \V.Thomp
son, treasurer; J. R. Duly, warden, R. H.
Botm, conductor; J. "13. Russell, right
tupporter to noblo grand; E. Berry, left
supporter: J. VT. Leonard, right supporter
to vice grand; L. N. Hansen. left sup
porter. The installing officer was J.*"D.
Davies. district deputy grand master.
District Deputy Grand Master A. J.
Btyck has JnstalU-d the following named
es the officers cf Sargent Lodge of the
Independent Order of Odd Fellows: John
McLa-ghlin. N. G.; A. C. Dllly. V. G.;
George W. Dixnn. R. S.; Guy Lathrop. F.
S.; Alexander Hay. treasurer; H. H. Mc-
Pike. W.: C. Grerr.len. C; C. E. Smith. R.
S. to N. G.; C. Griffith. L. S.; D. T. Han
dall. R. S. to V. G.; W N. Lyon. L. S.;
William Edmonds, organist.
The followlr.jj named officers of Apollo
Lodge, I. O. O. F.. have been Installed by
Deputy Grand Master W. H. Blunden for
the current term: Charles E. Perry. N.
G.; F. V. N. Cox. V. G.; W. F. Norcross.
R. S.; V. C. Post. F. S.; J. Glasman. T.;
W. H. Gibson, W.; W. C. Dupea, C; J. J.
App'.egate. R. S. to N. G.; N. A- Carlson,
L. S.; H. B Packscher. L S. to V. G.; N.
D. Eickels. L. S.; J. W. Perry. C. H. H.
Zobel becomes junior past grand. This
lodge will be visited by the grand master
on. Friday next.
The following named will be publicly ln
stcJled as the officers of Seven Pines Cir
cle of the Ladies of the Grand Army in
the Alcazar building on Monday night by
Angle M. Avers, deputy department com
zr.ar.der: Abb!e A. Powis, president; Bes
sie M. Gerrish, senior vice president;
Ella Tate. Junior vice president: Martha
Finch, chaplain; Laura I. Oblinger, Eecre
tary; Lena Scholten, treasurer; Eadie
Pierpont. conductress; Annie Burkhardt.
assistant conductress; Callie Sherwood,
puard; Jennie Houston, assistant guard.
/f^zTT AJ3T Friday night the officers
Ml I ot Court Apollo. Ancient Or-
I jj I der cf Foresters, and those of
\)\) j Artemis Circle of the Com-
-y panlons of the Forest were
Installed In public In th« so
cial hall of the Forester?'
building in the presence of a large audi
ence, considering the Inclement weather.
The officers of the court, who were
Installed by Deputy High Chief Ran
cor George Monk, are: B. F. No
ble. C. R.; F. M. McCready. S.
C. R..; W. A- NScholls. F. S.; M. Merl
in. R. S.; T. F Hatten. T; J. C. Winters,
B. W.; Jacob Johnston. J. W.: Allan Mc-
I>onaJd, S. B.; Charles O'Connor, J. B.;
W. H. Fuller, George J. Berger and Dr.
W. D. Clark, trustees.
The officers ol the circle were then in
stalled by Mrs. A. Boehta. deputy grand
chief companion, assisted by Miss V. Nor
ton as marshal, rhe r.ew officers are:
District Deputy Mrs. H. Worms, assist
ed by the modest member of Inter Nos
as Marshal, has Installed the ., following
officers for Loreley Circle:^ Mrs. A.- Unnr
P. C. C: Mrs. A. MunkyC.C.; Mrs. fe.'
Burgh. 8. C. C. ; Mrs. Antoinette Graft '
recording ' and : financial . secretary: -..Miss
Martha Papa, R. G.; Mies C. Munk. L. G.;
Another new circle has been instituted,
this tlm« at -Anaheim, with thirty-six
charter members. The instituting officer
was Mrs. Helena Worms, grand trustee
assisted by about forty members of Fidel
ity Circle of Santa Ana.
The following officers of Robin Hood
Circle were installed last Wednesday
night by District Deputy Mrs. Emma
Harrington. P. G. C. C. assisted by "Pat
sey" Forrest a* marshal; Lizzie von
Puttkamer. C. C: Bertha Bruce, 8. c •
Mrs. Louise Ticoulet., T.; Mamie Schoen'
F.-S.: Alice Ticoulet.' grand subchlef
companion, re-elected rs recording secre
tary; Mrs. Ray Micheels. R, ; G.;
Hllkens, L. G.; Mary Habkirk. I. G.; An
nie. Erhardt. This circle has decided to
Increase the pay of its financial and re
cording secretaries. On the night of >tho
23d the circle wlllgive a social in the-so
cial hall of the Alcazar.
American Companions.
Court Ferrudo had Its officers Installed
In Washington Square Hall last Thursday
night by A. N. Cordelia, D. G. C. R,, as
sisted by G. Crema, acting as herald. The
new officers are N. Lauritano, C. R.; C
ParodI, S. C. R.; C. Glugnl, T.; E. For
mentini, F. S.: L. Magnelli, -. R, s.; A
Quaranta, 8. W.; G. Navache,' J. W.; B
Cltrlnla, S. B.: F. Marino, J. B.; G. Si
monelli, G. Creme and L. Frezzlnl, trus
tees. The ceremony was witnessed by
many members and by Grand Subchlef
Ranger J. Heenan, Grand Secretary Cor
dy and Jacob Label of the American For
ester Review. After the ceremonies the
visitors and members partook of an -Ital
ian-banquet, nt whicli the new chief ran
ger presided as toast master. The visit
ors- responded to sentiment offered and
the new officers gave expression to what
they expected to do during the current
term.
Grand Secretary Conly and Jacob Label
of the American Forester Review were in
Redwood City last night on the occasion
of th« Installation of the officers of Court
Madrooe.
Court Inter Nos has elected John Flem
ing as Its recording and P. A. McCarthy
as its financial secretary.
The officers of Court Washington were
installed last Thursday night, after which
the members and new officers enjoyed a
collation.
The officers^ of Court Chris Bremer
were Installed at Crockett last night.
Foresters of America.
Oro Fino Parlor will give a social In the
assembly hall of the Red Men's building
on the night of the 18th Inst. under the
direction of Mrs. J. J. Meyers, Miss L.
Seller, Miss J. Fleming. Miss E. Grenlng
er. Miss IC Holland and Miss J. Stark,
the committee of arrangements. On the
night of the 15th inst. the officers of this
parlor will be publicly installed in their
hall in the Native Sons' building, on which
occasion Mrs. J. J. Meyers •will enter upon
the discharge of the duties of president.
Oro Fino donated the sum of $20 to the
Native Daughters' Home as a Christmas
gift.
Orinda Parlor has arranged for a Bnow«
ball party oa the evening of Tnesday
next. Aside from the main feature of the
evening's entertainment there will be the
presentation of tokens of remembrance
to the children who shall attend. The
committee guarantees a pleasant even*
ing's entertainment to its many friends.
The following named were the visitors
at the office of the grand secretary last
week: Mollle B. Johnson of Calaihi Par
lor, P. G. P.; Mrs. Jennie E. Brown, Pied
mont Parlor; Mrs. L. V. Holmes, Occi
dent Parlor; Mrs. Gladys Bouton, Am
apola Parlor: Mrs. Bailey, Darina Parlor;
Miss Lilly O. Relchllng. Ursula Parlor,
founder of the order; Miss Grace Wil
liams, Alta Parlor, and Mrs. Rosabel Mol
ler. Las Lomas Parlor.
Information has been received of the
recent death at Wallace, Idaho, of Mrs.
Helen Biggs, nee Ferry, who was a char
ter member of Princess Parlor and one
of the very active and earnest members
of the order.
The members of Amapola Parlor will be
the Bpecial guests of the Native Sons of
Sutter Creek at a grand ball to be given
on the night of the 22d of February.
The officers of Las Lomas Parlor will
be Installed on Monday, the 2Sth inst.
Ruby Parlor of Murphys closed the last
year of the century with a grand ball,
which proved a great eoc.'al success.
Miss Agnes Raab of Genera Parlor of
¦Comanehe is visiting this city. .
Miss Laura J. Frakes. grand secretary,
paid a fraternal visit on the night of the
29th of December to Alta Parlor, and on
the night of last Monday she patd a like
visit to Darina Parlor.
Alia Parlor last Wednesday night ten
dered a banquet to Its 1900 committee in
recognition of the good work it did dur
ing the semi-centennial celebration.
The officers of Buena Vista Parlor will
be installed in public In the Native Sons'
building. .
Mrs. Sara Osterman, appointed special
organizer, has gone, to Mendocino and
Humboldt counties to organize parlors in
that section of the State.
A new parlor of the order of Native
Daughters of the Golden West has been
organized in Berkeley, by Mrs. Jennie E.
Brown "of Lorin.
Native Daughters.
There are prospects that the parlor in
Lkian will be reorganized on the 12th
inst. with forty charter members.
Arrowhead Parlor of San Bernardino is
reported as meeting with remarkable suc
cess. It has now one hundred and twenty
live names on its roll of membership.
The officers of Bay City Parlor were in
stalled last Wednesday night, after which
the members enjoyed a social hour.
Grand Organizer Frank Mattison left
this city last Wednesday to make a tour
of Siskiyou County in the interest of the
order
Native Sons.
Councils Nos. 6, 8 and 31, of Oakland,
and No. 24 of Alameda, held a joint
meeting last Thursday night In the hall
of the last named council for the good of
the order. It was also the occasion of
the official visit of Supreme President
Kierce and Grand Directors Dollard and
Myrlck. - /
Columbia Council has made arrange
ments for a social to be giveirln the lat
ter part of January or the early part of
r ebruary. _
To-morrow night Grand Vice President
O Leary and Grand Director Dollard and
Grand Secretary Stanley will pay a visit
officially to Ignatlan Council. - The last
two named will officially visit Pioneer
Council on the night of the 10th. The
same night Capital Council of Sacra
mento will be visited by First Grand Vice
President O'Leary and Grand Director
Mahoney.
On the 13th inst. Grand Directors Wha
len and McKinnon will visit Leo Coun
cil at Port a Costa.
Young Men's Institute.
Ihe following Monday evening this
lodge will give an entertainment in its
hall, when a literary and musical pro
gramme will be presented after an ad
dress of welcome by Past President Frank
\; Smlth - After the programme there
will be dancing. The members of the
lodge have extended an invitation to
members of s!ster lodges, to their friends
and to sojourning member? of. the order
to be with them on that night.
This order, of recent origrin. with head
quarters in Los Angeles, has started a
number of lodges in various parts of the
Pacific Coast States. Two lodges are !n
existence in this city. One of these, Har
mony, which formerly met In the Alcazar
buhdlr.g. has moved to Washington Hall,
in the Red Men's building, and will meet
there to-morrow night for the first time,
when the following officers will be In
stalled for the current term: James H.
McKnight. president: Carrie F. Curr,
vice-president; Carrie E. Kelsey, secre
tary; Clara B. Steers, treasurer; Annie
C. Miller, chaplain; Blanche F. Perry,
mistrtss at arms; C!ark Bradford, uer-
Stant; Louis Xuussig, inside doorkeeper;
oeorge W. Young, outside doorkeeper;
Drs. E. H. Mercer and Watson Truett,
physicians.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
™ e ?, fflcers for the ensuing year: Georgre
w.- Alexander, monitor; Dr. Joseph Byer,
president;- Samuel Fromholtz, vice presi
dent; Samuel S. Green, secretary; I. P.
Strassburger,' treasurer; Max Alexander,
assistant monitor; Abraham Morris, trus
tee: ,E. I. Wolfe, Samuel S. Green,
I. P. Strassburger, H. Gutstadt, S. Hoff
man. L,. C. Levy and^P. Flatow. repre
sentatives to the District Grand Lodge. •
THE FRATERNITIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- SUNDAY, JANUARY 6, 1901.
27
CITY °i#8| PARIS!
Dry Goods -*flli|I^P§ Company, i
' I J^
Genuine Reductions •
Previous to Stock-Taking! ;
BROKEN LINES OF IMPORTED NOVELTIES II
AT CLEARANCE PRICES! \
Fancy Silk and Wool Mixtures, / I
.'¦. ¦ ~ <¦ •,- Reduced from $200 to $1*00 YflPd '.
Reduced from $3.00 to $1.50 Yard ;
High-Grade Paris Novelties,
Reduced from $27 50, $30 00, $35 00 to $15.00 Suit. .^
3000 Remnants, Ail Lengths, at Hal? Price : l
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. *
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
SE. Corner Geary and StooVton Streat3, San Francisco. 'j
UNION SQUARE. 4
AMTJSEKENTS.
WEEK COMMENCING TO-DAY
(SUNDAY) MATTNEE. JANUARY KH,
THE WORLD'S MOST FAMOUS
VAUDEVILLE CBLBBRITIE81
Imported directly ' from Europe.
THE FIVE OLRACS
England's Premier Com«dy Acrobat*
BETTINA GERARD
The Famous Comla Opera Btar .
jTf! INEZ
CROSBY'"- FORMAN
AND COMPANY. Preaentlna; "A DTJTTilOATB
HUSBAND," by Edwin B. Tilton.
THE WILLY GOLLINIS
Terpslchorean Marvel a,
¦ JOESANTLEY
Th» Famous Boy Soprano. _
SISTERS HAWTHORNE
In entire change of resertotr*.
WILLIAM CAHILL DAVIS
Singrs Irish, talks Irish, looks Irish. He to Irish.
GREAT AMERICAS BI06RAPH
Return' for one week of
SHEAN AND WARREN
Presenting their biz succesa. "QUO VADI3
UPSIDE DOWN."
Farquet. Z3c, any seat: balcony, We: children.
10c. any. cart (except reserved): a few front
orchestra rows reserved, BOc; front rows of bal-
cony (reserved), 23c v
*T!VQLI*
FOURTH" WEEK,
SECOND EDITION,
BEGINS MONDAY. January 7, 1901,
Or the Splendid Holiday Spectacle,
By FERRIS HARTMAN.
A CHARMING ENTERTAINMENT FOR
EVERYBODY.
Hear the Ke« Scn^s: See the Nev Dances:
:: K n His l0 Do;tj.ThBDazzlngElBctrIo
ooty," Girls,
Song and thensw Tn8 ™ Cafta3 ™»
verses for "Con- and Toads, Dogs
undrums," and Kittens,
"They Kern Do That /. n . „.
f 0 jy| e ii Ado tne Big §00-
"A Little Song to flower Sne" and
Sing." Patriotic Finales.
E VESIN03 AT 3. M ATI.SEJE SATURDAY 2 SHARP.
POPULAR PRICES— 25 AND 60 CEKTS.
TELEPHONE BL'SH t.
CHUTES^nd ZOO
TO-DAY! ; TO-NIGHT I
yf s
JuAST TIME OV
TEN DAYS £ FAIRYLAND
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL!
Holiday Present for Every Child!
TELEPHONE FOR SEATS. PARS JS.
RACING! RACING! RACING t
1900— WINTER MEETDJa— 1S03.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
dec n to jax. ». iNcujsrm ¦
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Raeinj: Monday. Tuesday, Wedn-sday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or abia«-
five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 d. m. sharp.
Ferry-beats leave San Francisco at 12 m. aa4
12:30, 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and S p. m..- connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th*
track. La*t two cars on train reserved for
ladles and ttielr escorts; no smoking.. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All' trains vi»
Oakland mole connect with Saa Pablo *Tenu«
eelctric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oafc»
land. Also all trains via Alameda mol» con-
nect with Son Pablo avenue cars at FourU*nta
and Hroadway. Oakland. These tlactrlo car*
to direct to tb« track tn fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave th# track at 4:15 a&4
4:43 p. tn. and Immediately after the last rac«b
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS XR-. Prealdent.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
nil 1 Of" Tbese hotels pos-
rlll Ulir sess the attributes
I rtLrtUL tfaat toarigtj and
Qnn travelers appreciate
" ' ¦ u —central location,
PQ A Kill liberal manage-
U llA till ment, modern ap-
IJftTri ft pointments a n 4
nUltLOi p A crfcct «***
7 American and l£a- .
San FrailClSCO. ropean plans.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. DTVIOOJIJU
¦ tor and N«rvln*.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for toe Sexual Organs, for both •«•*.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases or tba KL<U
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merit*.
XABER, ALFS & BRCNE. A*ent».
SO Market st.. 3. F.— <Send for Circular*,)
v .-.•¦' .
I KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Prown ttrrttory, on Una of railroad, for
lais. Splendid ehane* for those about to
form an oil company. NBWTOJI. CAJW
MSN * BOME3 (S. C. MA3ON. a««ntX
101 Chronicle bids.. Ban Fraadsca
WEEpAUj
$1 per Year.
UNION COURSING PARK
Sunday, January 6th.
INTRODUCTION
OHP A T7"17
Ol AJ\£.
/6- CHAMPIONS- IS
RESERVE
STAKE
112— NOMINATIONS—112
S2000 S b y $2000
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 8:15 a.
m. and 10:15 a. m., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1p.m.
Returning at 4:45 p. m. and after the last
course. San Mateo electric cars every six
minutes.
ADMISSION 25c LADIES FREE.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAY.
Last Night of the Success of the City.
Week commencing- TO-MORROW EVENING.
William Crane's Great Success,
"A VIRGINIA COURTSHIP."
First time in America at popular price*— 10c
15c, 25c and 50c. '
Good reserved seat in orchestra at all matinees
25 cents. " *
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
OL YMPIASSZl.n'6.
The Only Fre« Vaudeville House In the City.
REAPPEARANCE OF
OUHAMA,
The Famoua Ju«ler.
MABEL HUDSON,
The California Nlg-htingule.
ANITA LA MONT,
Cannot Bo Described. Must Be Seen.
THE DULQtE SIS1ERS
And OTJR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAT.
ADMISSION rREEv.
MR. AND MRS. CEORG
HENSGHEL
IN BIX GRAND RECITALS
'—— AT. METROPOLITAN TEMPLE— —
February 6th, 7th, , »th, 11th, 13th. luh.
Sale of Season Tickets Begins
To-Morrow Morning at 9
AT SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S.
BUTTER AND KEARNY.8TB.
. Season Tickets Transferable.
PRICKS-»P.OO. »7.OO and »5.Oft
BRUSHES 2?88K»«E
, ; -— houses, billiard tablea,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera,
dyers, . flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factorial, sta-
blemen, tar- roof era, tanner*, tailors, eta.
, : BUCnA.>AiN BROo..
Brush Manufacturers* 609 Sacramento St
ALF ELLINGHOUSE. Prop, and Manager
Phone South 770.
,«TAJrnwc ./V| ATIINEE
bro-/v/c»n TO-DAY
SPECIAL. ENGAGEMENT
RICHARD
GOLDEN
IN* THE ORIGINAL, AND BEST
OK ALL.
DOWN EAST PLAYS.
OLD JED
FROUTY
THE SWEETEST STOP.T EVER TOLD.
. "HE DOES NOT ACT
DENMAN THOMPSON."
I consider Richard .Golden the best living;
character actor, and when I say this I am not
forgetful of Joseph Jefferson, Sol Smith Rus-
sell and' James A. Hcarn.— Amy Leslie, In Chi-
enco News.
SPECIAL PRICES
EVE— 25c. 35c. 50c. 75c and JJ1.OO.
MAT — iiSc. US c and SOc.
Next— The New York Manhattan Theater Suc-
cess. "A STRANGER IN A STRANGE
LAND."
f*ftl B!!H3 LSI A SAN FRANCISCO'S
VULUIWI DIM LEADING THEATRE
TO-NIGHT— Leat Time
Geoorgre W. Lederer's Great Casino Success,
The Belle of New York.
Commencing TO-MORROW NIGHT, Jan. 7,
Wm. A. Brady presents for the first time here
the pastoral idyl,
WAY DOWN EAST.
COMING— MLLB. DOLORES (TSEBELLI.)
AFTERNOON CONCERTS— Jan. 16 and. IT.
BELASCO**oTHALL$*tffl&
m sg**i^ ¦ .- W mwzcartuu
Phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-D AT— TO-NIOHT AT 8:15.
LAST PERFORMANCES.
THE HEART OF MARYLAND.
Week Beginning TO-MORROW (MONDAY)
The Great London and- New York Melodra-
matic Triumph,
WOMAN AND WINE!
Produced exactly as seen at the Academy of
Music. New Tort. Magnificent Scenery — Gor-
geous costumes — Superb Ensemble, etc.
Over 100 people In this blgr production.
First appearance at this theater— ADA LEWIS.
PRICES— Evenings, 10c, 16c, 25c, 25c, BOc Mat-
inee*, 10c, 15c. 25c. :
January 14— Elaborate Production. "THE TWO
ORPHANS." ,
fiVu PA T R li^O
V Jsm • n mkJTX I m\ *— - V
THIS SUNDAY NIOHT at «.
TO-MORROW • NIGHT BEGINS SECOND
\vp.ir.v
FLORENCE ROBERTS
IN THE ADVENTURES OF
NELL.GWYNNE
ONLY MATINEE- SATURDAY.
Beats aiz dayi . In < ad vano©.
PTCPHPRN CONCERT HOU8B.
Oro, Bernard i and Oia : Marl* D. • Wood, Hd
. Baxter, Mild. Atlantis, Rouseil Brothers, Nell
Mdntffomery and Antonio. and Conchlta Mar-
tirtea. : . ¦ -¦ •'-".¦
Reserved Beats 25o. Mat inea Sunday. ¦'-¦¦_
C A I 1 CADMI A THE POPULAR
VALlrUKlNiA* house.
| WEEK STARTING SUNDAY MATINEE, JANUARY 6 - |
W. E. NANKEVILLE Presents
THE BEAUTIFUL PASTORAL SUCCESS,
— — — — ¦———¦¦¦¦ — —^—mm
SPECIAL SCENERY FOR EACH ACT! || A SPLENDID COMPANY OF PLAYERS !
| Exactly as Presented for 303 Nights at ttia Fifth- Aye nu a Theater, New York I
USUAL POPU-J Evening— 76c. 5Oc, 25c I MCVT A DDCC7V Tllir
LAH PRlCt-S. I Matlnee-5Oc. 25c. I HtAI A DnttlT MMC,
ADVERTISEMENTS. •THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 6, 1901.
28
CXA-RVOVAJCTS.
MM_, PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— seoond sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 60o,
genta $i; palm, and clalr. alt., $1 60. m Turk.
MMB, BERNARD readi lift fluently; adrfc*
given in all affairs of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed; 25c up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
paJmlet, permantly located 114S Market, opp.
8th; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MMB. LAROSE. clairvoyant, card reader; best
advice. 25o up. 472 Stevenson St., cor. Sixth.
MRS. BROWN, scientific card reader; readings
dally. 109 Fifth at., room -
MME. AUOU8T, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 2Sc 1146 Mission.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader. 11 Sixth at.; German spoken.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past.
present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. B. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny st.. rooms 8-10.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
lst and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh et.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrtet. palm-
lst and card reading. -25c. 1241H M-rkef st.
BORROW on diamonds; secrecy: private en-
trance; private rooms. Uncle Harris. _ Grant.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S',4 Jessie st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLBAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
STANDARD, 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated, 25c per pair; carpets cleaned.
3c yd; laying a specialty. Phone Mission 106.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at 6c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-CleanlnK Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for rale cheap. S32 Mission.
GOOD strong business buggy: also Giant punch
and shears. 1370 Turk st. ¦ j
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, ingrown nails, warts, chll- :
blalns: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter. ;
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un.
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3335— Cottage, 3 rooms; large
yard; rent $S.
$6— HOUSE of 4 rooms, worth $14, in city, near
Holly -Park; water free. 64 Silver St.. oft 3d.
DENTISTS.
AT^"EL*EC^b"-D£\ : TT£^fNIc71oTl_ar^
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can.
have your extractions done 4 painlessly; teeth
•without plates our specialty: gold crowns. ;
J3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 e. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to J
p m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager. |
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all '
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new ,
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted '
for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings. SOc; plates,
$3. full tet; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth at.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 years' ex- I
perlence: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and Kuarant^ed; lady attendants. :
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. j
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new: teeth
from IS per set; extracting. SOc; iras given. j
THE New York Dentists have moved to 963
Mission St., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, SOc.
A. L. SIMPSON. D.D. S.. 12(« Market St.— Ex-
pert tooth extractor: crown and bridgework.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 233 Kearny. cor. Bu?h—
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns, $3; filling*. 25c
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G. i
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk at. j
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut: evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing.plnklng. 121 Post. overOConnor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL,.
EVENING 6CHOOlT^r^'." ll "BUsiN_Ts L "cOir
LEGE. 1236 Market st.; individual instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
Civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
ATRES 1 Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; $S per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a compkte business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
.during the past 5 months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
: Shorthand, typing and bookkeeplnj; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand, reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
. tie— 1 bookkeeping, full count, $50; catalogue.
UEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. : day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A-THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLF.GE has posl-
, tlons guaranteed to it by written contract,
. and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 805 Larkin at.
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; Pitman sys-
tem; private lessons by an experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL, 126 Kearny st.. r. 63.
ATTENTION!— Tarr*s' pupils thorough book^
keeping figures: short time; college graduates
petfected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. minlnK.mech.,sur-
vey. atftay. cyanide, arch.: day. eve.: est. 18St.
VAN PER NAILLENT SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
HIGHEST grade violin, zither, guitar, banjo,
mandolin lessons. C3c. CHAMBERS, 204 Sut-
ter St.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from $1 to $1000. at UNCLE HARRIS'.
35 Grant ave.
VISITING povernees: English branches, piano
and bookkeeping; EOc a Wa on. Box 747, Call.
FREXCH.Spanlsh.etc.Prof.DeFllippe's Academy
of languages. 320 Post;e«tab's 1871: ablest profs.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing Rookkwp-
Ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter; pr.
TEACHERS' Agcy. A. McNlell.Mgr..r. 31. Flood
bldg.; high school, grammar, private teachers.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music studio.
violin. Kiiltnr. mandolin, banjo. 1836 Eddy st.
ILLrSTRATION-^PA RTINGToTFs'TTaY nnd
ILLUSTRATION; night class. 424 Pine St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
etc.. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. ath
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible housecleaning ca: est
1S)O; practical recommend: try them: removed
to 419 Devlsadero: teL Fell 136. F. IIAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help. of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants.' GEO
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
ficc; all kinds help. 3X5 Stockton: Main »lgg.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. E26 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 8191.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 644 California; phone James 2601.
ORPHKUM Employment Of nee— Japanese. Chi-
neee help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; teL Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st. : tel. East 428.
EMPLOYMENT AVAXTED— FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman, refined and
trustworthy, wishes situation as working
housekeeper; »Bht work; moderate wages
MRS. M. LISTON, Station M, Richmond Dlgj
WANTED-Situatlon . by competent woman as
infant s nurse; best references. Address 1223
Bush st.. rear bouse. *
REFINED teacher. Ions experienced In teach-
; in* backward or delicate children, would like
PUP"; :,,F«nch. and music; reference. Box
SS4, Call office.
YOUNO girl wishes a situation at light house-
*?! ' 8l . e ,t p TT h ? me pref-red. Please call or
address 111 Valparaiso it; • below PUbert. be-
tween Taylor and Jone*. ~T;
: . _ _ ;
CHEAP lot. accepted business street, with
ca_h. for city Income property! H0.OOO. AS-
MUSSBN. T13 Valencia si
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 2>4 Stevenson st.
FLATS TO I_3T.
A SUNNY flat: 4 rooms and bath; good condi-
tion; $11. 39 Langton it., near Seventh,
A SUNNY upper flat of 4 rooms; good condi-
tion; $10. 118 Perry at., near Third.
IF you want to more get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEARLY new modern sunny upper flat; six
rooms; rent $14. 4392 Seventeenth st.
NEW Rat, 4 large sunny rooms; water free. 22
Sumner St.. off Howard, near Eighth.
TO let — Sunny rear flat of 4 rooms, ilt Leav-
enworth st.
UNION 1352— Sunny flat cf 6 rooms and bath;
fine view. '
4-ROOM flat. $>. S» Harriet St.. between Sixth
and Seventh. Brannan anjl Bryant sts.
J7-FLAT of t rooms. 244 Harriet st. between
Sixth and Seventh. Harrison and Bryant.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor st.. off Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
$16-SUNNY corner flat. 7 rooms bath, modern:
$S 3 sunny rooms. PATTERSON _ CO.. 11
City Hall square. .
CHEAPEST and best In America— The WeeW
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year lor $1.
postage paid.
FLATS TO LET — PPRN13UED-
BEAUTIFUL new flat: furnished: 6 rooms and
bath. Call Monday or Tuesday. 1932 Eddy st.
FLATS WANT— D.
WANTED— By family of 4 adults, furnished
, flat or house; 5 or 6 rooms; near Fourteenth
and Mission Eta.; must be sunny. Box 939.
Call office.
furxituhe for sale.
"A GREAT SNAP"-<-room fiat. $02 Dev-lta-
dero; rent $30; brand new. mahogany mantels,
gas, grates, porcelain tub, elec lights, porce-
lain sink. Tennessee marble washstand: fur-
niture for sale; mahogany, golden oak furni-
ture, metal beds.Axminster carpet, round din-
ing table, pictures. Apply 1 to 3. or ad. box S10
FURNITURE for sal*— Flat to let; « rooms,
bath, yard. 3570 Seventeenth st., near Guer-
rero; apply t to 11 a. m.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $43 49. with No. t
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-_31 Market.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkin: tel. Polk «34;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
FURNITURE AVAXTED.
TO receH-e highest value for fur., carpets, etc,
see W. E. CODY. 757 Mission, tel. Red 8363.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carp«U,
pianos, etc. H35 Market St.; teL Jessie 76L
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; teL Red 1354.
GAS ENGINES.
NOTICE to gas engine buyers — The J. von Ler-
key combination gas engine is the latest In-
vention; it is the best and cheapest; it Is self-
starting under full load and reverse without
clutches or gearing; i3 noiseless and Is very
economizing and simple. 10S Main St.. San
Francisco.- Cal. Price $40 per horse power for
medium sizes.
HELP AVAXTED — FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO PHONE GRANT 133
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, . $30; S first-class waitresses, '
Los Angeles. $20, free fare; 8 waitresses, city '
hotels, $20; 3 waitresses, same commercial
hotel, $20; 7 waitresses, different commercial
hotels, $20 and $_ :¦.•; 5 chambermaids, South-
ern California, $20; 2 chamberm— ids, country
hotels. $20; 2 chambermaids, city. $1S; S
chambermaids to wait. $20; woman cook. $33.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houiegirl, small family, city, $30; Infant's
nurse, $25; nursegirl. country. $21*. fare paid;
cooks, housegirls, second girls, city and coun-
try. C. R. HAS SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED nurs* for 2 children in hotel
in city, $20; must have references. C R.
HANSEN - CO.. 104 Geary st.
AT the Woman's Educational and Industrial
Union, 7 Van NeGS ave.. English. French.
German, Spanish, mandolin, violin, guitar,
< banjo, dressmaking, hair dressing, manicur-
ing taught for $1 50 per month: singing and
cooking taught for $1 per month. ¦
GOOD. reliable woman for cooking and general
housework: family of 4; no outside work or
•windows; must have good references: wages
i23. Call Monday between 9 and 12. _£1
Scott St.. near Pacific ave.
WANTED—Mllllnery salesladies with city «x-
perlence for trimmed and un trimmed stock; (
o'clock hours; steady positions for good, peo-
ple. Address, with references, box 9S3. Call.
WANTED— First-class laundress In a private
family; must assist in housework; city refer-
ences required. Call between 10 and 12 o'clock.
621 Leavenworth sf,
EXPERIENCED ODerators wanted to sew
sh'.rts: a few inexperienced taught. Apply
The L. ELKUS CO., 23 and 31 Battery sl
RELIABLE girl for housework; small wages.
633S Halght st.
PROTESTANT woman for cooking. Apply 67$
Harrison st.
WANTED — French second girt. Apply 1200
Geary St.. Monday. Jan. 7.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework and taka
care of baby. 1042 Ellis st.
NEAT young irirl for general housework, in
family of 4 adults: must be good plain cook;
German or Swedish preferred. 114 Twelfth
street.
GOOD plain cook, family 2 adults: no window
cleaning: wapes $20. Call 861 Masonlo ave..
rear Hayes, 10 to 3.
GERMAN or French nursegirl: must have ref-
erence; wages $20. Monday 10-12. 2233 Wash-
ington st.
A FEW experienced operators, and also glrla
for Instruction at tho Standard Shirt Fac-
tory, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Girl for general housework,; wages
$20. Call S34 Shrader St.; references required.
WANTED— A young German girl from 15 to 1J
years to assist in light housework and take*
care of children. Apply at 201 Potrero ave.,
corner Fifteenth St.. city.
WANTED—Rellable. Intelligent, lady over 28
for responsible undertaking. Box StoJ, Call.
WANTED — A girl for general housework. Call
at Humboldt House. 1309 Stockton St.
WANTED— A first-class stenographer and type-
writer; salary $63; commercial hours. Ad-
dress with references, box lOtS. Call office.
"WANTED — German girl: general housework
and cooking. 713H Treat ave.
ELDER— T lady: small wages; a permanent
home. Apply Monday, 810 Howard st.
WANTED — A working housekeeper by a gen-
tleman having one child; In city: wages $?_
Box 1023, Call office. "~-
TO assist gener—l work, boardlnr-house. Ad-
ply 9-11 a. m. Monday at 850 Van Xees ave.
A NEAT young girl for housework, 719 Hyde
street.
GIRL to assist with housework. 625 Valencia
et. ; good home. .- - ->:
SUCCESS! SUCCESS ! SUCCE^'
McDowell Dressmaking and _"lll!nery School
is giving more to its patrons than ever be-
fore. We have the leadin- system of the
J world and tho most practical course in milli-
nery given on the coast. Special offer to those
entering before Jan, 15. Patterns cut to
order. McDOWELL' S. 1019 Market si.
A LADY of Indomitable energr. possessed of
self-assertion: good opportunity to right D«r-
ty. F. PERSON, room ill, Parrott building.
WANTED-In Oakland, a reliable girl or mid-
dle-aged woman to assist with upstairs work
and care of children; no washing: wages $_.
Address MRS. A.. Call office. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED operators on fcnlttin* ma-
chines. Apply to J. J. PFISTER KNITTINO
CO.. 412 Polk St.. near McAllister. San Fran-
cisco.
ELDERLY German Catholic woman for house-
work; no washing; sleep home: $15. 7_ Ful-
ton st.
¦WANTED — Girl between 25-33; good cook; first
floor work: wages $25 per month. Call 212
Ashbury st. near Hayea: car fart paid.
EXPERIENCED bindery girl wanted. MY-
SELL, ROLLINS Jfc CO.. -» Clay st.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' custom
and stock shirts. 635 Valencia tt.
A GIRL for second work and waiting. Applj
at _24 Geary st. . . -..--;
GIRLS wanted. Apply at V. & Laundry, six-
teenth and Valencia ¦_. ¦
GIRL to assist with general housework; wages
$15. 6_ McAUUUr st. ... - ¦
SEWING machine) operators wanted at Lerl
Strauss & Co.' a overall factory. 32^4 Fremont
;; St. Apply to MR. 3DAVIS.
T.ATvr— s i wishing to < marry good rnen call or
writ* M-IS. HERTZ, 70S £___ K.|uc_i«
'.** * ."^_Mi_ariaur*_«_r<-->.
ncsiirass chakces— co arm ukd,
PARTNER wanted In a tax* old-MtabUsnt-
p rod table business, controlling a good safe,
solid and reliable trade. Owing to retirement
or former manager owner has decided to sell
an interest to an acceptable party; duties will
be the keeping ot the accounts and assisting
generally in the management of the business;
capital required ISOO0 to 110,000; full value la
sight; books and business open for Investiga-
tion, Apply J. W. DONNELLY ft CO.. 633
Market at.
BRANCH bakery: 1 rooms furnished] little
money. DOXNE— — Y. 632 Market st.
FOR sale— A first-class hotel containing 40
rooms, furnished throughout; in running
order; been open 10 years; on principal street; ;
trie leading hotel; bar attached; at one of the
prominent summer reeorts, within S hours*
ride from San Francisco. Address for full par-
tlculars box 3998, Call office.
TO oil companies and promoters— 6000 acres
Kern oil land; J! 50 and upwards; part cash,
part stock. Address box 949, Call office.
WANTED-Lady or gent with JJOO; salary 117 :
per week. Including all expenses; must travel
and act as cashier. Box 961. Call offlce.
I2S0-GROCERY for sale at above price If
taken right away; well located and paying.
ALDEN CO., HIS Broadway. Oakland.
CIGAR store, fine location, for sale cheap. 29
Ninth st.
RESTAURANT: bargain; raying business;
cheap rent; good location. Apply 369 Hayes.
HOG and chicken ranch; tt. Inquire at Eight-
Mlle House, Colma. San Mateo County.
"CAPITALISTS attention"— An Investment of
$12,500 by one or more parties will purchase
controlling interest in estab. business that
will pay $5000 per month: this is bonaflde; will
stand investigation. S27 Market, room 615.
A— PLAY THE RACES— "
20 to 50 per cent profit monthly on our new
system; call and investigate. N. S. HAND &
CO., expert handlcappers, suit 12. 34 Kearny.
MESSRS. A. KEUBOURG & CO. of Shanghai
desire to come into touch with capable San
Francisco or Eastern manufacturers with a
view to business In China. Address L. RO-
SEN1HAL, 1263 Octavla st.
BUTCHER business in thriving country town;
estab. over 40 yrs.; owner wishes to retire;
property will Invoice price. Box 806, Call.
$30 WINS $3C0 per month at races: references
given. Information Lyons. S21 Market, r. 4.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fllimore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A FEW OF H. C. DECKER'S BARGAINS:
24 rooms; house clears $150 $2000
14 rooms on Mission st 500
5-room flat on Taylor st _.. 250
60 rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 2600
18 rooms on Third st 600
20 rooms on Powell st 950
46 rooms; fine corner; clears $200 3600
24 rooms on Geary st- ; clears $150 1900
25 rooms on Kearny st. ; clears $150 1600
I SELL AND EXCHANGE
BUSINESS PLACES. CITY AND
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE— WHAT HAVE
YOU TO OFFER?
49 rooms; boarding-house $400<>
I 33 rooms on Market st 1400
12 rooms on Post st.; in payments 850
12 rooms: clears $75 450
500 OTHERS— PRICES FROM $100 TO $25,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
i CALL AND SEE ME-OFFICE OPEN
! EVENINGS.
i H. C. DECKER, 1C20 MARKET ST.;
| PHONE MINT 7?6.
I MONEY loaned on lodging-houses, lhi p. c;
' anything you want in lodging-houses; s'mpls:
6 rooms on Turk st rent $27. .Price... $300
7 rooms on Larkin st rent $40.. Price... $450
10 rooms on Taylor st rent $40.. Price... $550
12 rooms on O'P"arTell st..rent $50. .Price... $550
12 rooms on Mason st rent $35. .Price... $S50
15 rooms on O'Farrell St.. rent $65. .Price... $750
16 rooms on Turk st rent }55.. Price... $S0O
IS rooms on Howard St. ...rent 4-5. -Price... 1750
17 rooms on Taylor st rent $S0.. Price.. .$1475
19 rooms on Taylor st rent $75.. Price. ..$1230
24 rooms on Leav. st rent $123. .Price. ..$1900
35 rooms, nets $100 rent $S0.. Price... $S90
37 rooms on Powell st rent $175.. Price..'. J1900
44 rooms on Market st...rent $175. .Price. ..$2409
More money wanted to loan on lodging-
houses on 1-3 value at 1 per cent up;
gilt-edge security; no expense to lender.
For quick sales list your houses with A. L.
WILLEY, 916 Market »t. ; phone Black 5115.
! 33 ROOMS; central; rent $S0; price $500; net ln-
! come $100. WILLEY, 916 Market st.
_____________
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
11 rooms... $200 1 20 rooms.. $9001 S3 rooms. .$3CC0
11 rooms... 40<)|20 rooms.. 12U0 73 rooms.. 4000
12 rooms... 600|24 rooms.. 14001 65 i-Jnms.. 4500
13 rooms... 350 26 rooms.. 16501 63 rooms.. 3T.O0
12 rooms... EO0]36 rooms.. 1SUOI C2 rooms.. 3000
14 rooms... 35030 rooms.. 2100| 60 rooms.. 7000
17 rooms... 350J34 rooms.. 2650] 60 rooms.. 320U
15 rooms... SCO;27 rooms.. 27501100 rooms.. 1500
18 rooms... 600,30 rooms.. 2500 50 rooms.. 7000
IS rooms... 475 40 rooms.. 30001 60 rooms.. 5000
19 rooms... 7C0J4O rooms.. 4000! 64 rooms.. 200U
17 rooms... SO0[43 rooms.. 35001 46 rooms.. 5000
CO ROOMS; newly furnished: rent $150 $3000
I 37 rooms; money-maker; near Market 1900
I 20 rooms; Van X«es; finely rum. ; extra.. 950
I 13 rooms; Leavenworth; rent $57 50 900
10 rooms. $450; 10 rooms, quick 850
I 20 rooms; detached: handsome yard, with
! drive to barn and lease $10 month, leaving
! re-nt only S65 month; clears $100 month; special
| snap. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
¦ 17-ROOMDD house; a bargain $300
i 3*>-room«-d house; cheap.
< 19-roomed hou?e $350
! SS-roomed house J600
i EMERY & CO., 3 Eddy St.. room 1.
LARGEST list lodging-houses; good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD.
j rms. 1-2. 917 Market St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
! FOR sale— Nicely furnished lodging-house, 15
rooms; rent $30; all full. 10S Eighth st.
FOR sale— Furnished house. 10 sunny rooms;
all rented. Inquire second flat, 13$ Tenth st.
MASON, 503—14 rooms; rent $40; water free;
centrally located; no agents.
j A NICELY furnished 9-room house; easy rent.
I 943 Po«t st.
FOR SALE— Rooming house. 12 rooms; cheap.
415 Powell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
I MRsTIdR. FARNHAM. worliTrenownea Bpirtt-
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
' suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated:
mining a specialty: clrs. Sun.. "Wed., Frl.ev*s.
! come and be convinced. Permanently located
j 613 Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
MRS. LESTER, readings dally, circle every
eve., 10c, except Wed., devel. circle. 222 Turk.
EARLE, 305 Taylor St.. corner Ellis — Sittings
dally; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
C, Mayo-Steers, 112H Oak, trance medium:
readings. $1; hours, 1-5 p. m.; tel. Howard 627.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C./J.
Meyer, sittings dally: tests to all to-night; 10c.
MRS. J. *J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium.
life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
CLAin VO VAXTS.
ISMAR THE GYPSY. ™~ ~
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws asld« the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
Co hand in hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess Is roeelble were It not for a lack of fore-
sight Into the future. If you are In trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fied In life, consult ISMAR, for she is a proph-
etess of world-wide fame and her name has be-
come a proverb In thousands of homes made
happy by her aid and advice. ISMAR can be
consulted daily from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.. Bun-
days by appointment only, at her office, 114$
Market n., onp. Sixth. Full life reading by
j mall. IS. See my display ad. on page 15.
________________ .
215 XEARNY ST., ROOMS 8-10.
Late of Los Angeles.
MRS. DUVAL is a natural born clairvoyant
and business medium. She tells your past,
present and future life, diagnoses diseases,
cures deafness, etc. If there are obstacles In
the path of your life she can tell you how
to overcome them and how to avoid them.
MRS. DUVAL has practiced successfully, in
Los Angeles for the past nine | years for all
the principal buriness people, as -well as those
in the highest society, and still has patrons
there, to whom she will continue -to give her
valuable advice.
MM_'M. BERNARD. '¦ ~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and Business Medivm.
Is permanently located at 17 Third «t., next
the Examiner. She reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
v«-als the present happenings and portrays
events to occur In the- future.
Valuable Advice in All Affairs of Life
If you have any anxiety about affairs of any
kind consult this greet medium and you will
make no mistake. Full life reading by mail;
send stamp for terms; 25c up; perfect satisfac-
tion guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permantly located at 1206 Market
St.. corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for pamphlet
with gpeclal terms. Dally and Sunday.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
- 1st; 15 years' experience; her knowledge of the
unseen forces Is Invaluable to professional and
business men. to wives and lovers; follow her
advice and you will make no mistake. 1194
Market st.. corner Mason, room 2S. ¦
A— Mrs. Dr. Saylor. queen of clairvoyants and
palmists; Important advice on mining specula-
tion, business, law: evil Influence removed ;
fee SOc. mall II. 15UH Market, opp. Van Ness.
Bat-T-OTMEJIT WA~T_P— .F_aiA_JB.
WANTECD— By man and wife, employment in a
: ' country hotel or to take charge of a mining
. boarding-house. . Box 941, Calf offloe. •
CAPABLE woman, not afraid of work, wants
responsible position In hotel or boarding-
house; first-class city references. Address
A. B.. 92» Pine st. .
— XP_RI_XC_D nun* for child or invalid.
Call at 889 Pine st ,
RELIABLE! American woman, good cook,
wishes position; will. do small washing. Ad-
dress 1163 Market st?
WASHING, ironing. houBecleanlng by the day,
II 60. ANNA BROWN. 8483 Eighteenth st.
YOUNG lady music teaoher wishes a position
In refined family to give dally piano lessons
for room; owns piano. Box 938. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady without incumbrance de-
sires position as working housekeeper la
small family; references exchanged. Box
100?. Call office. •
A YOUNG woman lately from the East wants
a position as housekeeper; only those meaning
business need answer. Box 1005, Call office.
PROTESTANT woman desires a steady posi-
tion doing housework; good housekeeper and
plain oook; able to take full charge; refer-
ences. Address 41 Madison ave., off Harrison
St., between Fifth and Slxth.^
ENGAGEMENTS wanted by experienced con-
flnement nurse. MRS. WILLIA-I3. IK Fifth.
ELDERLY lady would like to obtain a position
in a first-class family to take charge of linen
and sewing or a position as housekeeper in a
widower's family where there are 1 or 2 chil-
dren. Address 154 Golden Gate ave., in the
basement.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants a place to do light
housework; Is "a competent nurse, or would
like to take care of a child. Box IOCS. CalL
COMPETENT woman wishes a position as
housekeeper or companion to old lady. M. F.
• J.. 1133 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED and capable woman (German)
wiches place as working housekeeper in hotel,
lodging-house or widower's family, or as
cook for a number of men; Is able and will-
ing to work; city or country. Address 97a
Howard st. - '
THOROUGHLY competent young woman, un-
derstanding children's sewing and mending,
wishes place In small family: will assist with
children and chamber work; best of refer-
ences. Please address box 1019. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED English woman desires cook-
ing care of children or chamber work, from
7 ft. m. to S v. in.: U a week. Box 1021. Call.
RELIABLE middle-aged American lady wishes
to assist in good country home; moderate
wages; references. Address box 1CZ2. Call.
AN experienced dressmaker and ladles' tailor
wants work by the day in family; J150 per
day. 308 Fulton Et.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing,
ironing or house cleaning; $1 per day and tar-
fare. Address MRS. R., Call branch, 300 Hayes.
A CONSCIENTIOUS, experienced lady from the
East' wants care r' Invalid lady or child; con-
versant with several languages; willing to
travel; can make herself useful In many ways;
references exchanged. Address Nurse, 602
Fourteenth st.. Oakland.
WANTED— Plain sewing, mending or linen
room work by the day; will go to country.
Address box 1025. Call office.
A NEAT, reliable girl wishes a position of
second work; wages $20; references. MISS A,
1129 San Bruno avenue.
WANTED— By German lady, position as work-
ing housekeeper in respectable family: city
or country. Call or address 27S7 Folsom St.
COMPETENT executive housekeeper and
amanuensis; unexceptionable references; sal-
ary $100 per month; Now York and London
experience: understands charge of servants,
hous-s parties, dinner companies, as well as
correct daily routine. Address MRS. ED-
MUND, 16 North E St., Tacoma, Wash.
BORROW money of the respectable and rell^-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third ?t., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 night. $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bagKage to and from ferry.
EMPLOY3IEXT AVAXTED — MALE.
FATHER of family, can talk French and Eng-
lish, with certain education and good refer-
ence, wishes to get a situation of some kind.
Address 179 Minna St.
WANTED— Situation by competent, reliable
business man aged thirty: thorough account-
ant; genteel appearance and address; good
references and bond; peculiarly unfortunate
lately, hence unemployed. Box 9S3, Call.
A GENTLEMAN of address and business expe-
rience desires occupation of some kind;
amount of salary not important. Box 9S3, Call.
WANTED— To learn grocery or hardware busi-
ness with Intentions of going in business for
self; will work for small money. 781 East
Fifteenth St.. East Oakland.
IN grocery or general merchandise store, by
young man: speaks English and German: in
city or country. Address box 82S, Call office.
AS nurse, companion or attendant to Invalid
gentleman, physically or otherwise, by Ger-
man, well recommenced: knows massage;
terms moderate. II.. 562 Minna it.
STEADY, middle-aged man desires situation as
choreman in private place; small wages; good
references. Box 979. Call office.
POSITION wanted on a chicken ranch by a
sober, steady man; good worker; handy with
tools. Box 97?, Call office.
YOUNG man desires position; 5 years' ex\>e-
rience in poultry raising. Box 976. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER and expert accountant is de-
sirous of betterlnp his position; is thoroughly
competent and reliable: a good office man-
ager; Al references. Address Accountant, box
»T5. Call office.
A GRADUATE of Hastings Law College and
experienced law clerk desires position in this
city; city references. Address box 992, Call.
WHISKY and cigar traveler, commanding large
country trade, will be at liberty Jan 9; either
salary or commission. Box 930. Call office.
A SOBER, industrious young man desires a po-
sition; night work preferred; some experience
as bartender; also bandy with tools; refer-
ences. Box 991, Call office. - ,
A PRACTICAL, up-to-date machinist and tool-
maker desires to take charge of manufactur-
ing plant. Box 9S3, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man want- situation as
watchman or porter work in store; best of
references. Box 938. Call office.
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desirss steady
position. Address H. KIEHL, New Atlantic
Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave.
ARTIST — Pen and ink work and poster sho-w r
cards; steady position or piece work; designs
: sketched for advertising. II. P. COOK. 118
Etcckton et.
AX elderly man. who Is carpenter and can
do farm work and milk wants work on a
chicken ranch; city references. L. J., 43s
Fifth st., room 14.
COMPETENT stenographer desires position;
experienced: references. Box 995, Call office.
SITUATION wanted on ranch or gentleman's
place by middle-aged man who understands
general farming, orchard and vineyard work,
vegetable gardening and raising poultry on
large scale; references. Box 1004. Call offloe.
YOUNG man, 23. stranger, neat, educated, re-
liable. Rood salesman, penman and all-round
first-class man. at anything, anywhere. Box
100U, Call office.
CUTTER, first-class. Just arrived from the
Krm, wants position with a tailoring firm la
city or healthy town in Cal. Box 98L Call.
YOUNG man of 23 wants Job on small ranch
or private place in country, or would drive
small milk route. Address 403H Twelfth St.,
room 21, Oakland,
GOOD, sober, steady man. plain gardener,
wishes position with private family; under-
stands care of horses, cows and chickens; ex-
cellent references. A, ANTHONY, 131S Sev-
enth ave.. East Oakland.
WANTED — Position aa foreman In planing
mill; 8 years in last place; understands all
branches; would go Jn country. Address
box 959, Call office. •
RELIABLE middle-aged man wants to take
care of horses, cows and do chores. Apply 9
Geary st., room 8.
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged man as
bartender; has had some experience; will
work reasonably. Box 562. Call office.
A .YOUNG and active man wishes situation as
porter in store or any kind of work. Address
CHAS. GANSBERG, 631 Sacramento st. '
BTEADY, reliable . man; understands care of
horses, cows, etc.; good driver; general handy
man; willing and obliging. Box 971. Call.
SITUATION' by a German as bartender, lunch-
man or as waiter In a restaurant. Call or
write B. W.. C25 Pacific st.
YOUNG man. well educated, holding respon-
sible position with wholesale house, desires
employment evening-; clerical or otherwise;
can furnish bond If necessary. Address box
»2S. Call office.
SALESMAN wanta position In country store:
beat of city references; baa been 15 yean in
the last two situations. Address Box 531,
Call office. l ,-, - . . ¦ < ;,- -.:
WELL-EDUCATED Japanese wants to work
. from 9 to 3 or all day in Oakland. J. K., 633
Sixteenth : st., Oakland.
JAPANESE, honest boy, wants position as a
school boy - in the city or country. . 8. NA-
KAN'A. 1606 Jones -t. , ;„¦-¦ • v . . , ;
H0O.0OO TO loan on diamonds, watche*. silver,
. sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave. ¦ ; - .-'- - . - > ¦-¦ ¦
TFm!f f l» TT ANTED— -F—MAl—J.
WANTED— A thorough, rapid and aeeurat-
stenographer. who U also a good accortTtfant;
permanent position In wholesala nous— >_-
dress box 170. Call office. ___
BORROW on danos. furniture* fllamond*.
paintings: secrecy. Uncls Harris. 13 Grant it.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats.
Apply 461 Jessie st, __________
YOUNG girl; lUht housework; pleasant borne;
?10. 1424'.* Jackson st.
DRESSMAKER, skirt hands and new begln-
nera. MRS. M. SCHN- IDER. COO Poat st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. _!Q0 FUlmor* •:.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C So V--
lencia st.
HELP WAXTED-MALB.
A— MURRAY _ READY Phons Main BUS
.. Leading Employment ar.3 I_bor Agents...
..; WANT 7 A. i_ TO-DAY
Carriage painter, country shop. $2 30 day. se*
boss here cabinet-maker
4 drillers, city •¦¦Vi day
5 labors—-, die ditches J~ and found
buggy washer, country stable JGO and found
4 farm hands 3 prunera
boy. country stor» *l ft and found
....TTEAIAKERS W_ PAY YOUR PARC
23 tlemakers, 9c to 12c each, fare paid and
tools and provisions furnished; woo<lchoppers.
Santa Cruz Co., tools and provisions fur-
nished
240 woodchorpers. different places. MURRAY
6 READY. «S4-_ 6 Clay St. ¦
A— STENOGRAPHER and bookkeeper fir a
ranch $20 and found
MURRAT — READY. i3i-(Z 8 Clay st.
A— CHEF and second cook, same placa. ISO an.l
tZS; 2 waiters, country hotel *9
first and second bakers *15 and 110 week
night cook. $ei> g cooks. $35 to Jo)
ranch cook, dishwashers, etc.; cook and dish-
washer J .;. $40 and S3
MURRAY & READY. 834-0*5 Pay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S.. ..Phona Grant 1S3
RAILROAD WOKK
25 teamsters. State of Nevada. JC a day
23 laborers, company work $1 ~Z a day
Frea Fare Fr»<» Fare Frea Fara
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waiter. !_•; waiter. WO, hotel. Nevada:
honsen— in. country hotel, J1~J; 3 hotel waiters,
120 and £5.
C. R. HAX3EN A CO VA Geary st.
STOREKEEPER for nrst-c!_3s country hotel;
one- who has been eteward preferred; £0.
C R. HANSEN - CO 1,4 Peary »t.
A CORRESPONDENT, familiar with Ea3t*rn
and Coast trade, in dried and canned fruits,
salmon and general line of provisio— i; salary
to oommer.ee- with f_3.
C, R. HAN3EN & CO..~ 104 Geary st.
BARBERS, notice — Journeymen Barbers' Inter-
c— tlonal Union No. 148 meets MONDAY. Jan.
7. at 8:15 sharp; public Installation 3 p. n_;
32 O'Farrell st. ; proprietor barbers invite—
L 1—153. Secretary.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International U_Iot:—
Free employment; only recognized union. 113
Turk; tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS' Progress! v« Union— Free employ.
ment. H. Bernard, sec. 104 7th; tel. Jesst* VX
H0"W TO OBTAIN
A COMPETENCY TS TJIS
BUSINESS OF LIFE INSURANCE*
Address JNO. I. D. BRISTOL*
No. 1 Madison Avenue.
New York City.
EuVT.N better salary & po*iticn: study electric-
ity, mechanical engineering and drawing at
home by correspondence: T. A. Edison in-
dorses Institute: book "Can I l>ecoi_9 an El-
ectrical Engineer?" mailed free. Electrical
Engineer Institute* New York.
SALESMEN to sell imported and domestic 1!-
qcors. principally fine Kentucky whiskies anl
M-jndj. case Jt barrel goods, to Jot-bers & sa-
loon trade: good chance to ritrht man: salary
cr commission. R. S. STRADEXi _ SON'. 71
E. Main St.. Lexington, Ky.
"WANTED — A _rst-cla?>» window trlir _r :er and,
salesman for dry goods store In country; ref-
erences required. Apply 17 Golden Gata ave.,
between 8 and 12 o'clock, ilanday.
A— 1 ENGINEER for rlar.lr.g- mill. S carpenter*.
1 sticker hand: all non-union: no office fees.
Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 413 Keamy
st., rocin 9.
WANTED— Dre*s good3. drapery and domestic
salesman: state exr-erience. reference. sa_vry
expected. Apply box 977. this office.
GOOD tobacco strippers wanted at gi Clay st.
WANTFH) — Four b«ys. about 15, to work, !n
wire factcry. Call Sunday. 2 o'clock, at W.
F. BOARDMAN'S, 113 Davis it.
YOUNG man for office work in wholesa!<»
house: experience neceypary. Address, with
references, box 1CC1. Call office.
NEAT boy fcr efflce work. Address, with ref-
erences, box 10C2. Call office.
"WANTED— -Male an— female solicitor s at IBS
Montgomery st.
WA_\TET>- Smart boy 14 ta IS yean o£ ag«.
Box 10t<. Call office. .
CABINET-MAKER and boy to learn tra~_
FINK _ SCHINDLER. 1303 Market St.
\VANTEI>— A solicitor of hi?h grade- wha can
present a high c'aas proposition to select. >1
Individuals; no canvas-lnsr: high, pay for
right man. Room 5, S Market st.
BOY wanted in sheetiron an.1 p!urnbi_{r shop
to learn trade. 110 Steuart st.
LADY or gentleman wanted: neat appearance;
¦ecurlty required. Box 1X9, Call cf-ca.
15c BARBER shop; cholco location: Markst st.;
first-class trade: bargain. Box V-7>, Cadi.
"WANTED — Good cook. 610 Stanya — St.. oppo-
site Golden Gate Park.
BIO Inducement for young man to solicit fcr
merchant tailor. 1213 Market st.
A STRONG boy wanted to learn bl_c_smithir.jr.
1163 Mission st.
15c BARBER shop upto— n: desirable locality;
cheap If taken Immediately. Box UE9. Call.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable enerjry arii i>u>«h:
good opportunity to right man, F. PERSON*,
room 412. Parrott buildlne.
THOROUGHLY experienced pawnbroker" a
clerk; good position to one -under s tandins tha
business: state references. Address box S6C,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED salesman to take orders in
country town: chance to make bis — lonej-.
Call at once. 9 Lenvenworth st.
ERRAND boy, well recommended. 535 Valen-
cta atfr
BRIGHT boy for Jewelry store; state refer-
ences. Box MS. Call office.
ANT amount to lean en your diamonds: low
Interest. UXCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
GST yonr shoes half-soled while waiting: _a
to EOc :e; Minion St.. bet. 1st and : ! sts.
HELPER on sheetiroa work; state agt. w>.era
last employed and wages expected. Cox 91).
Call office.
WANTED — Young man about 13 to learn bar-
ber trade; private shcr- Ba* »&. Call.
WANTED— Recruit- for the Marine Corp*. U.
8. Na-y. able-bodied unmarried men cf gocil
character, between the ages of it and S3; not
less than t feet 4 Inches and not over • feet
1 Inch tn height; able to read, write ana
¦peak English. For further Information «i>
ply at the Marine Recruiting OfSc_. _ _U11_
St.. San Fraacisco. CaL
MEN wanted to learn barber trads; only eicht
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
Inducements: catalcsTJe free. MOLEIi _
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly da-uurod. ha_
price. IC Mission St.. bet. 1st and JJ «t*
WANTED— Laborers and mechanic- t-> kne—
that E<1 Rolkin. Reno House proprietar, still
runs D«nver House. 217 Third st. : 1^> — rga
rooms: »Sc per r.ight; II to J3 per week.
BARBER wanted to buy 8-chair barber «hcp:
running 4 chain steadyi best location la city;
price jao. Address box 9C3. Call office.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, lfc, 15c and
30c. Boston House. 93) Howard st.
AGENT to Introduce best thlrr on th* cos.«r.
Address- Dundee-Mr,-. Co.. 14 Flood bl_g.. S.y.
PENSIONS-^. H. Shepard & Ca. old reliable
f.nn. 806 Market, room 4?. Phelan buUJtny.
MEN to learn Mrber trade. 741A Howard s_
8. F. Barber SchooL ¦
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands*
all pans O f wcrU. H_P_VtAN'S. 13 Steuart.'
WINCHESTER Hous-. 44 Third St.. nesir _ar-
ket; 7"O rooms. 25c nJ*ht: readlngr-rooms; free
'bus and bag— ase to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an i
subscriptions has been estahUsned at taa
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED ad— •rtlsements and -aMcrfDtio--*
received at Call branch office. _00 FUUaore •£
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weeklv
Call. 1* p— gea. sent to any address in thd
United States or Canada one year for f
postage paid.
HEMORRHOIDS.
ANY case of Piles. Piles. Piles. Piles- "or«r^i
permanent cures amens bu a t E( -, men of «l-i
Francisco alone; mea who can be lnter^ewe,'
BO surgery, salves or ointment*; no Jnter-tr*
ence with business -urine tre*U_ent fS t£Z
ther particulars add. Ptoy«lc__Cbo_li^c_5r
MEETI5G y _? T A^?.? 1 L
CATHOLIC Spiritual Association— Live ques-
tions discussed: free platform; good speakers;
each speaker limited to 10 minutes; strangers
•specially and cordially Invited to take part;
_ to 4 p. m. to Eddy st.
THE Milk Drivers' Union will hold an open
meeting at Mangsl's HalL Twenty-fourth and
Folsom sta.. WEDNESDAY. January ». 1M1.
at S p. in. Prominent speakers will address
th« meeting, after which the charter will
doge-. '
NOTICD is hereby given that a special meet-
lrg _f the stockholders of The San Francisco
and Ban Joaqu'.n Valley Railway Company
win be held at the principal offloe of the
cempany in the city of Ban Francisco. CaL.
on 6ATURDAY. the nineteenth (Wth) day of
January, 1901. at 12 o'clock noon, for the pur-
pose of approving and ratifying an agree-
ment for the sale and conveyanace to and
purchase by The Atchison, Topeka and Santa
F« Railway Company of the railroad, prop-
erty and franchises of The San Francleco and
San Joaquln Valley Railway Company, and
to tranraet any other business that may
legally come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIK. Secretary.
Ean Francisco. January 4, 1501.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Pajaro
Valley Consolidated Railroad Company will
be held at the office of the company, 827
Market St.. Sa_ Francisco, on MONDAY, the
twenty-first day of January, 1901, at the hour
cf 11 o'clock a. m., fcr the purpose of elect-
ing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. The transfer bouks will close on Friday,
January IS, lfOL at c o'clock p. m.
VT. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— Regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Company will be held at the office of
the cotnrany, 327 Market St.. In the city and
county of San Francisco, on Wednesday, the.
16th day of January, 1901. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. iff.; for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, January 5,
IC'01, at 12 o'clock m. .
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from John CoEta et al., in the Lady's
Canon Mine, near Sierra City, Sierra Co., to
deposit tailings in worked-out pits: from W. B.
Dudley et al.. in the Dudley Placer Mine,
rear North Columbia, Nevada Co.. to deposit
tailings in a worked-out pit; from the Eagle
Gold Mining Co.. in the Relchel Claim, near
Mountain Ranch. Calaveras Co.. to deposit
tailings In Murray Crevk, and from the Em-
ery Gold Mining and Water Co.. in the Rose
Hill Mine, near Mountain Ranch. Calaveras
Co., to deposit tailings in Murray Creek, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room 59,
Flood buildin?, San Francisco, Cal., on Jan-
uary 14. 1901. nt l:S0 p. m.
SPRING Valley Water Works— Annual Meeting
—The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Spring Valley Water Works will be held
at the office of the company. No. 126 Stock-
ton street, San Francisco, California, at 12
o'clock M.. on WEDNESDAY, the 9th day
cf January. 1331. to elect trustees to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
cf such other business as may come before
the meeting. San Francisco, California.
PELHAM W. AMES, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco. Cal.,
will be held at its banklnff house. 301 Mont-
gomery st. San Francisco. Cal.. on TUES-
DAY. January 8. 1901. at 3:1S o'clock p. m..
tnsuing year and the transaction of such !
ether business as may come before the meet-
ing. GEO. GRANT. Cashier.
San Francisco. December 8. 1900.
BORROW on diamonds: perfect secrecy: pri-
vate entrance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av.
M ~~~ l mm "*~— — ~— — — — — ~— * — ¦ — — * — » — ¦ — ¦ ~ — — » — ¦ — i
AGENTS "WANTED.
0. C. C. DEPILATORY— A harmless liquid for '
permanently removing superfluous hair; will
r.ot irritate, burn nor poison the most delicate
skin: personal demonstrations free: agents
wanted. Ontario Chem. Co., accy.. 416 Ellis.
AGENTS make $200 per month selling our now- '
elty machines: on application will send cut
and prices. FOOTE MFG. CO.. Los Angeles.
SOLICITORS -wanted; men or women; good
salaries warranted; payable either weekly or
monthly; expenses paid. S27 Market, rm. 615.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit- ;
able and easier to pell than books or Insur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. «_. Parrott bldg.
AGENTS WANTED— Just closed contract for
big Eastern success; Fer.d stamp for reply.
THE PACIFIC CO.. San Bernardino. Cal.
BATH CABINETS: ROBINSON. Niagara, Per. |
fection and others. Agency, 426 Ellis st., S. P.
FINE business for ladle*. Call or write Z6
Ft. Ar.r.?' BuiMine. 6 Kd.ly gt.. S. F.
ADOPTION.
A GOOD home open for rlrl or boy baby. Add. i
Mrs Dr F'tirike. 1416 KlcMh «t.. Alamed— .
ASPIIALTLM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. J1'6 Mission- tel. Fnlsom 1B07.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
bT"'«v7"k:INgTm7 Market St.. 6th floor, room 627 1
— Estate*, damages, attachments, bankruptcy. I
collections; all cases; fair fee; no advance I
charges; leans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537. '.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private: !
no fee without succeed; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. s-50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
FRANK W. SMITH; minirj? and probate law a
specialty. Mills big., r. S. 4th fir.; tel. Red 3516.
AIJV1CE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON', S-27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
1. EDW. JARRETT, Hearst bids.. Third and
Market sts. ; phone Red S2C2.
I_ 8. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bids., 327 Mar-
i ket irt.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
PATH CADI NCTg.
ELECTRIC light bath cabinets to let and for
¦ ' sale. Ii36 Point Lobes ave.
DOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED — To board child under one year;
mother's care. 1310 Green st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — Tv"ANTE_» — A good tenant for grand corner
Etors and basement, with fixtures suitable for
grocery business; special inducements. Ap-
ply SPECK _ CO., 667 Market st.
RKSTAT7RANT with living rooms; good prices;
mostly transient; dolns a nice business: well
frnshd.; muEt sell. LANE & CO.. £65 Market.
RESTAURANT; income JDO dally; estab. 12
years: long leate; meals 25 cents. Call on
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market; by Call bidg.
PARTIES having restaurants, lodging houses,
I bakeries or any kind of business for sale call
on A. PRICE & CO.. SO Kearny at.
J300— RESTAURANT bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN — CO.. 777H Market St.
WANTED— Partner with some capital willing
to Invest same to develop seven free milling
mining prospects; all Al properties; situated
In Southern Oregon, between Gold Hill and
Grants I'ars; party investing can have In-
terest In one or all; references exchanged;
full particulars at interview. Address Quartz.
Bex S34. Call office.
FOR sale— Well stocked hair store, suitable for
hairdrecslng and manicure business; location
Oakland. For full particulars apply to H.
_. SMITH. 202 Market st. Ban Franclsco.
AP ARTM EN X house, SO rooms. In the heart
of Oakland, elegantly furnished, for sals:
party going East; no agents. Box 20C3, Call
cfSce. Oakland.
$409— FIRST-CLASS good paying restaurant; an
opportunity seldom offered: 'will take part
down. D. McRAB FURNITURE CO.. S37 Mis-
sion St.
HOTEL for 6ale— -A good paying SO-room hotrl:
good location; terms reasonable. Apply at 1433
Polk St.. Mcnday, bet. 10:30 and 12 o'clock; no
agents.
1200— PARTNER wanted ;xnod paying light bus-
iness; prefer partner to hired help: no experi-
ence required ; trial given. 9 Geary, room 2.
FOR BALE— Fixtures in a hardware store; V)
to 20 per cent discount: register, safe, scales,
etc. Box 2087, Call office. Oakland.
GROCERY ana saloon: large stock; elegant
lixtures; a bargain; call to-morrow. Corner
Twenty-fourth and Alabama sts.
AT ence. cheap, New England Home Bakery,
Guerrero St., near Twenty-second; death
cause of sale; call at bakery.
J1S0O— EJARTNER; young machinist to start ma-
chine shop; country town. Box $80, Call office.
PARTNER wanted: legitimate money making
enterprise ; mutt invest tlWO. Box 3911. Call.
fCOO— FOR sale; grocery, bakery and notions;
sell on account of sickness. 141 Clara at
GOOD paying restaurant: central; suitable for
man ar.d wife. Box 1CS4. Call office.
OYSTER, fruit and notion store for rale; reason
slcknets. nco Golden Gate ave.
SALOON for rale. 73 East St.
BUSINESS opportunities. Immigration Bu-
reau. 211 Examiner bnilMlnr. _^
TWO-CHAIR -5c barber shop cheap. 856H Ho--
ard St.; apply S04 Seventh st.
FOR Bale— Good paying oil route. Apply tili
Sixteenth tt.. near Market
WANTED— To buy good »hoe shop, eheap. Box
1027. Call office.
RESTAURANT and ooffee saloon; dally r»-
celpU about JGO. Cail at place. 410 Kearny it.
Euur r-jurcnoo ca___
BUS— K— 93 OTTZCS of Tb« Baa Frt—dseo
Call, ooroer ot Market aad T_ird streets; open
«___ U •'dock every — lr_t In the -«_-.
BRANCH OFFICES— cr Montgomery _tr*H.
•oroer CUyj opea until J:M p. m.
KM Ka-M street; open _n_l ISO p* m.
CSt Mr „ Ulster tsrm; open until 9:83 p. x_
CI L_rl__ street; op«- until S— 9 p. ra.
IHI aoation street; open urtll 10 p. z_
tttt _j__st street, corner Sixteenth; open
_rt_ i p. d.
VOt _lenecth street: ep«— until • p. ra.
SON Valencia street; open until 1 p. m.
Va rttweet oorner Twenty-second and Eea-
toc— y streets ; cpen cntll S p. ra.
CHCHCH SERVICES.
CKTTA__AN Church iPlrst). southwest oorner
O— — ->' and F*ra_kUn sts- — Rev. Bradford Leav-
JO. n__j »ter; Rev. Dr. erebbina, minister
— sierltus; C— — rle« A. Murdock. euiwrintend-
«ct of Buad-y-cchool: the Sunday-school is at
10 o'clock; the nxorning service is at 11
o'clock; scries of addresees to be given on the
Sunday evenlnr* in January, at 7:45 o'clock on
t_» octlook for our Stats and city at the
beginning of the new century; Jan. 6, "Good
Oov_-__ent.'' Mr. F. IV. Dohrtnann; Jan. 13,
"_auc_Uo_/' President Jordan; Jan, S3,
~Oo__«rc* and Trade," Mr. Irving M. Bcott;
Jaa. S7. "Art and __sic" Mr. Robert Flet-
cher. Mr. Locis Lesser. There wl'J be tnusio
fcy t_e Quartette Choir. Tb* publlo Is cor-
-ially Invited. *
TFtEiST Congrejratioa— Chnrch. corner Post and
Mason sts.— Hev. Georgw C. Adams. P.D..
pactdr. will pre*ch at both services; at 11
a. m.. theme. "In Ren__ibra_ce of Me." fol-
lowed by reception d members and Holy
Co__n_nion; at 7:30 p. in., theme "This
Year Also." All are core— — !y invited.
CjO-VaRY Presbyterian Churc_, at Y. M. C.
A. bull Jing Mason and Ellis sts.— Rev. John
He-ip—iU. D.D., pastor, will preach at 11
a. m. and 7:S? p. m.; address to young Even In
the evening; topic, "Urgency in the King's
Business"; e»eciai music by the choir; Sab-
bc—h-school and Mr. Johnston's Btble class
at 11:29: Christian Qideavor Society at 6:S0
p. ra. : Wednetsiay evening service for young
a_d old at s o dock. All strangers cordially
welcomed. Young men specially invited.
TTilNITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts.,
th« Rev. Frederick "VV. Claaspett. D.D.. rec-
tor—Holy Communion, S a. rn. and 11 a. m.;
tcrr.ing eervice. 11 o'clock: evening prayer,
4 o'clock; Fn_a.y eervice at 11 a. ra. for army
ai_d navy.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan sts.—
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach
_t 11 e ~. and 7 :8j p. rn.. ; the monthly musi-
cal «ervioe will be held In the evening, con-
sisting of choruses by a large choir, from
8ch__a_n. Rosini and Handel; solos, duets,
C-i .~r".-.-'? and male ch^rtit-e?. with cornet soio
a_4 orr*n music; I. H. Blake, conductor.
S— its free; all invited.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block. _3 Sutter rt.. between Kearoy st. and
Grant ave. — C_risU_— Science Bible lesson at
;i _ a; subject. "God": Sunday-school for
children at the same hour; Wednesday even-
lag njeetings at t> o'clock; free reading-room,
toe Kearsy st.. r-xre ::0. AH are welcoms.
REORGANIZED Church cf Jesus Chnst. K0
Pest st.— Preaching. 11 a. ra.: subject, "Jeeu6
Christ as the Redeemer of Man and the Ne-
cessity of Obedience 13 the Divine Plan to
Acoornp'.lsh t!:e Divine Pun«5se." "He that
h_:h the ton hath life." The mo?t desirable
thing. This church organized by divine com-
mar.l. Preaclur.g 7:33 p. _.., Golden 'U'est
Hall.
THE Z_KMOP___ Society— Public Jecture tt>-
ni_ht st * o'clock, in Odd Fellows' bulliing.
by Miss Jessie C. Brodie; subject. "Desire";
Sunday. Jan. 13. Mr. C. W. Leadbetier. in
Odd Fello-a s' Hall.
FIRST Mertal Science Temple meets at 11 a.
ra.. In Golden Gtte Rail: usual Sunday serv-
ices; rut-He invited; free lecture by Chas.
Lcaibard.
SC.VUAY.
DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN lectures this even-
irg *X Crypta! Hall. Pythian Castle. SC9 Mar-
ket st- Sutject. "How to Ma— O" to Stay
>l_rried,"' foiicwed by magnificent views cf
tha E_pc___— • of Chicago and Paris. Free
tickets fcr X-ray exhibition next Tuesday
evening — — I he distributed. Seals free. No
collection.
ER, BINES' Spiritual Society, S-.* ilarket; 11.
free; S-S, !f>c; 6 g^od mediums; a Jubilee in
Crystal Hall. 1<CS Market. Jaa. 16. 8 to 10;
teets. Sharp: social: talent. J. R. Little. S?c
JlT Whitney Hall to-night, 11C4 O'Farrell, near
Franklin, tests and questions answered by
Mrs. J. J. Whitney, medium; 10c: Ellis cars.
KATIE HEUSSMAXS test circle to-night and
Fridty evening, _>c. 114 Russ, off Howard,
between Sixth and Seventh; sittings daily.
JOHN SLATER'S test seance to-night. 6:15
s__— >; :..¦... &'/3 Market Ft.; test*. _essages.
Questions a_Ewered; adir.lssion 15c.
KARL EBERHARDT'S test meeting to-night.
10c _30 Twenty-second st., corner Bartlett;
readings __'.y.
ARNOLD A DICKSON— Tests to all to-night;
15c; Eplrit photos and readings dally, us Sixth
st., room 6.
ilP-S. HAJ_.AND'S test meeting to-night:
sealed letters r*a<3; 10c; sittings. 60c, t_ IIS
E_nh Et.
CIRCLE to-night. I sharp, 10c; readings dally.
!__. MAKQCISE. 5 Hyde Et.. nr. McAllister.
C. V. inLLITR, material irtr.r. ethereallxlrig
seance; I p. ci.. 50c. UH Bush, nr. Leav'Wth.
URS. EVANS— Circle tc-day, : and 8 p. ra.: 10c;
also to-morrow eve. ; readings daily 1CS Sixth.
EARLCS seance to-night. JDS Taylor •_
1__E. YOUNG'S convincing t_t circle to-night,
CCD McAllister Ft.; 10c; come. Ekestlcs.
mSCTOICS — mire-sal Urotherbood.
INTERNATIONAL Brotherhood League (non-
political and nonsectarian) will h&ld its semi-
laocthly meeting to-Right at Academy of
Sciences Hall, S13 Market st.. 8 p. m. Sub-
ject. "UnbrotherlineFs— Insanity of the Age"';
muelcal selections; all invited. Sunday next,
special meeting, twenty-fifth anniversary of
Theoeorhica 1 work : Monday evening, four-
teenth Greek rymposiam. "Hypatia"; Tues-
4ay. 15th, children's festival.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
EOtrni Sa_ Francisro Lodge No. T12, *
F. and A. M.. will meet SUNDAY. __%_
January c, at 1 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of conducting the funeral cere- /^r»
mcay of our late brother. JO^UPH T. HARE.
Uy orter or
SAMUEL HANSEN, 'Worshipful Master.
OFFICER- and --.embers cf Beulah __,
C__ pter No. 9i«. O. E. S. : You are _B^
hereby notified to _tr»r.i Th-_- funeral of *"Ci— *
Brother JOSEPH HARE from Ma- T
eonic Hall, South San Francisco, at 1 r. m.,
SUNDAY. Jan. 6. By crdcr of the Worthy
Matron.
CA_IiX>RNIA L ©dse No. 1. I. O. _^*axvs»T~
> •. F.— Mei-ben w;II attend MON-~^>^S5_
I'AY EVENING, J_.\j:,ry 7. Jr.-
e_i:a_on of oJScen. Visitors y wl*v' > ~
welcome. J. H. HANSEN. N. Q.
rNTTT Lodgs No. 1S8. L O. O.
I".— Installation of officers next §?2^_?X_.
TUESDAY EVENING. January
S. All members of the order are "*&«??*•
Invited to ctter.d. K. L. SIMPSON. Jf. G.
J. H. HUD6OX, Secretary.
MO DOC Trite No. S7. I. O. R. M.— «^&^
Members ».:e wraestly re<juest< J to ,-MSiV
assemble In the wigwam on SUN- VaW*
DAT, January •;, at __S p. ::... to attend the
Xuceral oi our ?-•« brother. J. F. _tE__3.
H. A. SLOSS, 5.
H. MULLEK. C. of R. '
PIONEERS — The regular |f >ri_~g_yr i«
monthly rr.tet:.-.c of th» >_7"j_*^5»**vir?_.
py>::*eVs w-.:i be* heir©-
ternianoe is requested. —3—'^ «—__*' MM
ma the matter uf having an elevator con-
structed la th* '_ck pert of the building will
be- acted on. J. I. SPEAI'., iiecmary.
ANNUAL Meeting— Tiie regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Oceanic Steam-
ship Oo*nj_r:y —.-ill be held at the office of
th* oompaay, 227 Market st., Snn Francisco,
California, on MONDAY, Jar.a_y 1L 1S01. at
th* hour cf 11 o'clock a ol, . for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of IXrectors to serve
tor th* e_su:&r year. a_d the transaction of
«u_ other business • as may ccme before the
meeting. Transfer bocks will close on Thurs-
_ay. January 10, 190L at 3 o'clock p. no.
. E. II. SHELDON. Secretary.
_>FnCE OF THE EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN
I'.'JLE BAZAAP.— To the Stockholders of The
Emporium and Golden Ilule Bazaar, a Cor-
poration: Please take notice that the annual
meeting of th« stockholders of The Empo-
rium and Golden Rule Bazaar, a corporation,
will b« held at the principal office of the
company. In the Parrott building, located on
Market st., between Fourth and Fifth. In the
city and county cf £an Francisco. Elate of
California, on THURSDAY, the 17th day of
January. 1VH. at 2 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of electing directors and for the
transaction cf such other business as may
rropexly come before the meeting. By order
of the Board of Director*.
ANDREW M. DAVIS. Becretary.
T>ate4 January S, l?01.
THE annual rr.eetinc cf the Association cf the
Hospital for Chiidren and Training School for
Nurses will he held at the hospital. 1700 Cali-
fornia st-. THURSDAY, January 10. 1901. at
1:S9 o'clock p. m.
JENNIE M. DUXBAR, Rec. &?c.
ANNUAL MEETING— The annual meeting of
the Sin KrancJsco Ladies' Protection and
Relief Society will be held at the "Home,"
on Franklin et.. between Post and Geary, on
Thursday, January 10, at 2 o'clock p. in-
fer the purpose cf electing managers and
trustees for the ensuing year and transaction
of cucta other business as may properly come
before It.
K. F. HUTCHINSOX, Secretary.THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JAOTJART 6, 1901,
29
B~A_ E8TATB>-CTTr--J^H I-UB.
BA_D— TN * HOWELL,
10 MONTOOMJCKY 8TRB_~,
I33C0— Tw enty-flrst st, near Castcot cottagt, C
rooms and bath; lot NxlU.
$3*,000— VsJlajo St.! modern marine rUw resl-
dene*; tot «ttx_7:l
~B0O— Howard St.; nicely located residence: I
rooms and bath. eta. .
$3100— Fifteenth st. near Market; two Bio*
flats; rents $300 per year; tot KzlOQ.
14280— Chestnut st^ near Powell: two-story
residence and. two flats; rents $41 per
month.
$3» etush— $800 mortgage; can remain; cottage. .4
rooms; rented $10 per month; near Lar-
kln and Jackson sts. ; bargain.
. $8500— Near Washington and Larkln sts. : t
substantial flats In good condition: rents
$62 60 per month; beet bargain offered.
$1710— Dolores st.; nice cottage, three rooms
and bath, pantry, etc.; lot 23x100.
$3750— Price greatly reduced; only $500 cash re-
quired: two flats, on Sanchez st. near
25th; flrst-class repair; rent will pay
the Installment*.
$30CO— Choice bargain; Shot well st; lot SOx
122:6; house. « rooms and bath; large
stabls. driveway, etc.
$3500 — For cash; new, modern, np-to-date cot-
tage of 6 rooms and bath; Frederick st,
near Ashbury; splendid view.
$10,000— O'Farrell st: only one block from Tay-
lor: three separata flats; must be sold
Immediately.
$900— House of 4 rooms; very blgr bargain; one
block from Hyde and Union st. cars.
$275 — Only $50 cash for a very d«airmb!e home
lot; olealy located in the Mission: one
block from the electric cars; lots 30x109
each.
Want offer— Rents $177 50 per month; 3 new,
elegant, high-class, up-to-date flats of 7
and 10 rooms and batb each: sightly
elevation, exceptional surroundings; lot
27:6x137:8. • ¦ .:
$7000— Fulton st, near Laguna; two houses of
I rooms, bath and basement each and
S flats In the rear on the small street;
rent $62; lot 27:6x120.
$5000— Jessie st, near Fifth; I-story frame
building: of store belo— and two floors
above of 8 rooms; rent $20: lot 25x70.
$5000— Golden Gate ave., near Lyon et. : 2 flats
of 6 rooms and bath each; rent $42 50;
25x137:3.
$5000— Green st. near Gough; flne residence of
9 rooms and bath, laundry, etc.; lot 26:6
xl37:6.
$4660 — Hermann st., near Fillmore; two 3-story
bay-window houses of 6 rooms and bath
each; rents $40; lot 25x120 to rear street.
$14,500— Bush-st/corner: store below, flat above:
and three 2-story houses; total rents
$105: lot SaxlCO.
$17,000— Powell st: 4 bay-window flats of 7 and
8 rooms and bath each; rents $138 50; lot
44x117:6.
GOLDEN GATE PABK LOTS."
Fronting H st, on electric line and Nlneteenth-
ave. boulevard: lots any slie; terms $10
monthly; Interest 6 per cent: streets macadam-
, ized, on official grade; also gas and water
service; only 26 minutes to City Hall; close to
all Pafk attractions.
Money advanced to help you build. Call at our
offlce (week days. Sundays or holidays), cor-
ner H st and Ninth ave.. south of Park.
Sunset district
Horse and Buggy at Tour Disposal.
PRICES REASONABLE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
$14,000— RENTS $102 50 per month; three ex-
ceptionally well built modern, 1 up-to-d&ts
French flats; situated on Jackson st. near
Larkln; always rented; owner must sell.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKER3!
We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains in
Income-producing orchard, vineyard, grain
and stock farms, many of which are bank
foreclosures, that we have for sale. Mr. Bush,
having had forty \ years' knowledge and ex-
perience of the value of lands, and being the
owner of an Income-producing orchard and
vineyard, can intelligently direct intending
buyers to the best lands and best bargains
in the State. Call or send for particulars.
DAVID BUSH & SON. 14 Post St.
WRITE or call for list of
BAN MATEO RESIDENCES,
FARMS. GRAZING AND MARSH LANDS.
ORANGES. * LEMONS.
Buy a home In the oranxe and lemon colony of
Northern California: no scale; no frosts;
abundance of water for irrigation; in tracts
of 5 acres and upward.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st, S. F.
FOR RENT. SALE OR EXCHANGE— One of
the finest stock, hay and grain ranches In
Lake County; 4 barns, horses, furnltur* and
Implements complete. J. H. FIEGE. 33 East
St., San Francisco.
BEAUTIFUL suburban home of TV4 acres; all
Improved. Owner, M. KORTHRUP, Dlmond
Postofllce, Fruit-rale.
CALL on MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st,
for circulars of farms and city property.
BARGAINS In country real estate, sale or ex-
change. ANDREW PRICE & CO.. SO Kearny.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in th*
United States or Canada one year (or $1.
po«»ta"* paid.
RANCH TO LET.
NEAR Hay ward 1. 10 acres; well Improved:
cash rent. 2926 Sixteenth St.. city.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
TO exchange — 25 acres fruit land: 11 acres in
bearing orchard: balance hay; situate Sonoma
Co.. near good town; price $2500: exchange for
residence or lodging-house. G. W. SCHWEIX-
HARD, No. 917 Market: telephone Mint 1311.
WANTED— To exchange, a ranch of 200 acres
In Oregon for a small place In or out ot
Oakland. Address box 2070, Call offlce, Oak-
land.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY A HOME IN
ALAMEDA.
We have the best properties at the lowest
prices ever offered.
Come and see them to-day. Easy terms.
Just like paying rent.
$1100. ¦-.•,¦
Buys a home of 7 rooms near trains and
schools.
$1350.
Buys a nice 5-room colonial cottage; large lot
11500.
Buys a choice t-room house; flne location: a
snap.
$2250.
Buys an elegant 6-room cottage; lot 58x150;
windmill; must be eold on account of death In
family; this Is a great bargain for some one.
$2500.
Buys . a 10- room cottage; lot 42x150; stable,
etc.: near Morton-st. station; must be seen to
be appreciated.
$4500. ;.'•;:
Buys a t-room colonial two-story house; short
time, built: owner compelled to sail on account
of departure East; a snap.
£500.
Buys an elegant residence that cost $13,509:
owner is sacrificing the property: It Is one of
ths finest homes in Alameda; In the very
choicest part of the city, consisting of 12
rooms, stable and large grounds surrounding It
Call and sm tha above to-day.
AH the above on easy terms. Can be sold to
suit purchaser.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park St., Alameda, and 20 Post st, 8. T.
Offlc* open Sundays and evenings.
PROPERTY wanted: large lot sni table for sub-
division in Alameda (clear) In exchange for
new house of 8 rooms (clear); owners only. J.
H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st. Alameda. Cal.
$2000 — N>w colonial cottasre. 6 rooms and bath;
lot 45x120. J. H. YOUNG, builder, 1243 Park.
_________ __ ,-_-__._
Large modern residence of nine rooms, with
conservatory and hot air heater; lot 50x150:
near bathing beach and best locality: great
bargain: see and be convinced; only $1000
cash, balance on mortgage. Address Owner,
box 2068. Call offlce. Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NOW then, are you tired of paying rent? If '
so. read this description: Bargain; new 5-
room cottage; modern In every respect; por-
celain bath; tile sink; patent flush closet;
hot and cold water; rtationary tubs: brick
foundation; bay-window; folding doors; med- I
lclne closet; large hall; high basement; t
' blocks from railway station and only one-
half block from electrlo cars; only $150 cash,
balance $17 per month: the same as paying
rent Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin
and Inquire for RUDOLPH, PERKINS &
LYON. ¦
4-ROOM house; high basement; lot 30x113'
fenced; chicken house and yard; street mac-
adamized; price $800. $100 do— n. balance $10
per month. Take - Berkeley train, get ' off at
Lorin and inquire for RUDOLPH, PERKINS
_ LYON.
6-ROOM. 3-story houa«. high calling: larg» eor-
ner lot. BOxlBO; good well and plsnty of ihrub-
• bery on the place; price $1550. $150 down bal-
ance in monthly payments. RUDOLPH
PERKINS - LYON. '
$1700— SEE this new 6-room cottag* on a 180-
foot street: street work all done; right at
A shby station; high basement; fin* -mantel:
$200 cash, balance $17 per month. W ¦ C
, MORAN. . Lorin Station. . Berkeley.
t ACRES of land, house, large barn and chick-
en-hmise; 1 blocks from electrlo cant |7 par
month. Apply f Van Ness av«*, B. JT.
PERSONALS.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, threeHioarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
$8 OR $8000 to loan on diamonds, sealskins, iil-
verware. all valuable. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Qrant ave. - — ; » ;;
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
DR. LAMOTTETS French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
___ PHYSICIANS 1 ASP SURGEONS.
DR^, C ' . C - O'DONNELL-Offlce and residence,
1021H Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
PARALYSIS, rheumatism, asthma effectually
cured. PR. j. h. REEVE. 26H Kearny «t.
I PltOI'ERTY WANT13I).
PROPERTY wanted! large lot suitable for sub-
division In Alameda (clear) in exchange for
new houee of 8 rooms (clear); owners only.
J. H. YOUNG, in. Park at.. Alameda.
OWNER— Wish to buy a lot In Richmond, be-
tween 1st and 13th aveg.; cash. 345 Clement.
KKAL KSTATli C1TV FOR SALES.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
... REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
."a- 220 Montgomery st., Mills building.
Ils.OoO— A marine view residence; north side
of Vailejo st, near Buchanan; 12 rooms and 2
baths; lot 40x137:6 ft.
$4100— Lot SE. corner Washington and Lyon
«ts.; a corner 31:3x100:4 ft; very cheap.
J_o00— Lot and imps.: north line of Washing-
ton st. near Leavenworth: sold to close estate.
13700— Lot west line of Van Ness ave., near
Union st; 33x105 ft.; ready to build.
\\ e have a number of very choice Presidio
Heights lots with marine view, which we are
authorized to sell at reasonable prices; get list
at offlce.
$9000-Paciflc ave., near Pierce St.; 40x127:8%
feet: beautiful residence lot; best portion of the
avenue; price reduced to make quick sale.
125.000— North side Pacific ave.; lot 6S:9xl27:8ii
feet, with beautiful modern residence; abso-
lutely unobstructed marine view.
$4000~Corner Oak and Baker sts.; 26x9fi:10H:
facing Park Panhandle.
$10,500— Liberty st. near Guerrero: the Nob
Hill of the Mission; lot 80x114; residence of 11
rooms and bath. . .
$:0CKV_WeBt Hue Church et., south of Twenty-
elKhth; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; rents for
$15: modern: lot 25x100; a bargain.
$20.000— Reduced from J2S.O00; north side Sac-
ramento st., near Van Nesa ave.; flne resi-
dence: large lot, 6S:9xl27:8V4.
$1950— Price reduced from $2350: modern cot-
tage on Second ave., near Point Lobos; 5 rooms
and bath: lot 25x120; or 50x120 for $2750.
JSOOO— Three modern flats; Jackson St., near
Broderick; rents $78 60; for sale at less than I
cost
JSOOO— Marine view; modern cottage; Chestnut
st, near Hyde; 6 rooms and bath: lot 27:6
xl37:6.
$2760— Marine view; corner of Vallejo st, near
Jones; 34:6 front; improvements rent for $21.
$12.500 — NW. cor. Page and Lyon sts.; modern
residence; 12 rooms and 2 baths; furnace; 7 bed-
rooms; lot 33:6x95.
$22,600— California and Octavia sts.; SE. cor.;
fine residence lot; building now on lot to be
removed;' size 68:9x187^6.
$2100 — And your own terms; new cottage, 6
rooms and bath; Church and Twenty-second
sts. ; lot 26x126.
$31,000— Sutter-st. investment; monthly rents
J305; will pay about 9 per cent net; lot 40x110
feet: with substantial offlce building; always
1 rented.
t23,5f«— Third st. : 2-story brick building; rents
to one tenant $130; lot 25x75 feet
• $4300— Rents $50 monthly; store and flat; West-
ern Addition; on cross street, close to Polk;
lot 2. r .xi«>.
fS2.*.O— Reduced from J9000; elegant Presidio
I Heights residence, with 6 bedrooms; first floor
has hardwood floors throughout; finished base-
ment with furnace, etc.; lot 24:lUxl27:S l i; flne
marine view.
$7000 — Very pretty home on Ashbury Heights
of 9 rooms and bath: completely furbished; lot
35x186:8, to rear street.
PHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
21S-220 Montgomery St.. Mills building.
LYON & HOAG 114 MONTGOMERY ST.
$2,900— A bargain: corner store and flat; close
to 16th and Potrero ave.: new building.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$4,600— Rent $40; good flats on Golden Gate ave.;
built about 3 years; always rented; lot
25x137-6; a snap.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
$3.000 — Ha ward, near Twenty-fourth; large cot-
tage of 8 rooms, etc.; great big lot 45x
122; lot alone worth the money.
BARGAIN OX MCALLISTER STREET.
$3,500— Three-story building: flats: rent $."15: lot
2.->xl37:6; must be sold to c\ofi partner-
ship account: assessed value JSoOO.
FILLMOHE-STREET COTTAGE.
$3,000 — Contains 6 rooms and bath; lot 30x87:6;
commands flne marine view; mortgage
$1300 cp.n remain.
*400 CASH: DALAMCE $25 MONTHLY.
$8,100— Handsome home on Castro st, near
Twenty-third; contains 7 large rooms,
bath and all convenience; size lot, 25
xlO3.
{5.2S0 — Great snap: Presidio Heights residence:
modern; contains 7 rooms, bath, etc.;
lot 25 by over 100 feet; Clay st.: large
mortgage can remain; this Is a real bar-
gain in a swell part of town.
j9 > e00 — Kent $90; splendid new building: eon-
tains 3 handsome flats. 6 rooms and bant
each: all rented; choice location; noth-
ing better for the price In the market.
j_,E0O— A forced sale; Chattanooga, near Twen-
ty-third; a good cottage, 5 rooms andg
attic; lot 25x117:6 to alley.
$10,000— Rent $100; business corner at the Mis-
sion; large saloon and flrst-class gro-
cery; 2 flats above; lot 60x80; a splendid
buy.
$4.5C0 only — Hayes-st. residence, near Lyon St.;
Kood, substantial residence; 9 rooms,
bath, etc.: lot 25x100; a bargain.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
STORY OF THE MISSION!
IN FLATS, HOUSES AND LOTS!
It's like dealing with the owner to
deal with us. We've a plain old-fash-
ioned way of selling our snaps.
IMPROVED.
, $1950— Clipper St.; lovely cottage; cost $2600;
5 rooms, bath; (1500 cash makes the
turn; lot 26x114.
$_550 New cottage 4 rooms, bath; lot 25x100;
a poor man's chance for a medium
man's home.
$2259— One and a half etory cottage, 5 rooms,
bath; big lot; yard, garden; fine con-
dition; could be hammered into flats;
near S car lines; block full of flne
houses; on Jersey st, and on the level.
LOTS.
$30— At IngleBide. *T wouldn't be a bad
scheme for daddies to make over one
of these faraway lots to suckling chil-
dren. When the kids grow up, the lots
will be ready for flats for Greater San
.?: ¦ • Francisco. Ain't much of a risk. Is It?
JJOO — Two flne lots on Bernal ave, ; ready to
build; Just a block up from the Mts-
*lon-st cars and a block sfmth of
Twenty-sixth st. This Isn't one of your
"over-the-hllls-to-the-Poorhouse," "pay-
us-anything-a-month" lots.
$2450 — The only lot on Camp st, betweenVVa-
lenda and Guerrero and Sixteenth and
Seventeenth; size 30x130.
DOYLE-PRYAL CO.,
Renters and Sellers,
479 Valencia St., near Sixteenth.
H. E. POEHLMAN, Real Es.tate and Insurance
Agent.
216 Montgomery st
$CGO0 — Only $S00 cash, balance monthly; Bu-
chanan st, near Vallejo; nice home, 9 rooms;
see it
$5500— Richmond: exquisite home; « rooms,
! etc. ; hardwood finish; basement; lot 50x120;
8 car lines; part cash.
J2C0O— Collins st. near-Geary; 2 flats, 4 rooms
bath and kitchen in each; brick foundation;
outhouses, etc.; lot 50x120.
Alameda corner home. $3000: small amount
cash, balance $25 p«?r month; 8 rooms, bath,
etc.; lot KbtKO.
$1350— Corner Point Lobos and Twentieth ave-
nues; 54:3x100; fine ccrncr lot.
J2250— Lewis st. : lot and 2 flats; rents $312
yearly; near Post and Tnylor; bargain.
$8650— Natoma St., near Eleventh; rents $511)
yearly; lot 2?.xS' 1 ; half cash.
t50C0— Lot 75x137:6; McAllister, near Central
ave.
$1500— Marine view; Green st, near Baker;
flne lot 26x137:6; safe buy.
$S£0— Eighteenth ave., close to Clement St.,
60x120; J6C9 mortgage.
$575— Twenty-first ave.. near A st; C0xl20;
fine lots: enhancing location.
11. E. POEHLMAN. 316 Montgomery at
FOR SALE BY
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.
DOWN— GEARY ST.— TOWN.
$24,600— Keduced from $28,600; rents $175
month; near Taylor and Union Square; same
tenant for years; flne improvements; has a
good future.
CHOICE DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$12,000— Rents $100 month; large lot and splen-
did 2-story building; only one block from Mar-
ket and Third sts. ; tenant pays water and
makes all repairs.
JCoCO— Choice Geary-Bt. residence: 10 rooms
and bath: all modern and runny: 12 minutes'
to Kearny st. ; don't mUs this chance; terms
to suit.
$20.000— Turk st; rents $130; best buy on the
street downtown: 60-fcot front: 3-story build-
ing; by. changing Into stores would rent for
$250; eee this at once.
$7750— Rents $71 a month; few feet from Sixth
st, near Mission: large lot. 41x70; full particu-
lars at offlce.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
20 Montgomery st. .
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent, 824 Montgomery st.
Make offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
end Douglass nts.; must.be sold; 80x114 feet.
.' $1600— North line Carl St., near Stanyan; 25x
1S7:6 feet . ," ¦*';.
ALL sorts of financial problems "solved by H.
¦ MURPHY. 630 Market; 2d mortgages; estates.
REAL ESTATE — CITT — FOJR ¦-___.
EASTON. ELDRTDO- _ CO.,
633 MARK_T STREET.
MUST BE BOLD.'
Tfc» following properties must ba sold to -tot*
the following- estates. Proceeds to t» divided
among heirs.
MAKB AN OF~EB-0EnOHBST OFFER OHTS
THE PROPERTY.
BRANNAN-ST. IITv_8TM-_NT.
Estate of David Roy. deceased.
Four flats of E room- each: al— ays rented for
¦»¦- .--.*!-¦: $52; »7:exl87:«: close to 8. P. depot and
property • recently purchased by Santa
Fe Company.
SOUTH PARK INVESTMENT.
Cstate of David Roy, deceased.
Three-story brick building, containing I flats ot
6 rooms and bath each; rents $28.
NATOMA-ST. INVESTMENT.
Estate of J. Klnsella, deceased.
13500— Make offer; S flats of E. 4. 8 rooms!
rents $37 SO per month; 35x75.
CLEMENTINA-ST. INVESTMENT.
Estate Ellen N. Rlckards, deceased.
$37E0— Four flats of S and 3 rooms; rents $42 60
per month; lot 25xS0.
FULTON-ST. BARGAIN.
Estate of Ann Hayes, deceased.
$4600— Reduced from $6000; make offer; lot
27:6x137:6; 2 flats and rear cottage.
CHEAPEST LOTS IN WESTERN ADDITION.
Estate of Francis L. Wilson, deceased.
$6000— Three flne level lots each 27 feat wide;
on Post st., near Fillmore; street bltum-
lnlzed; cement .walk.
CHEAPEST FLATS IN THE CITY.
THINK OF IT. -
$27E0 BUYS 2 beautiful modern Mission flats
with porcelain tubs, tile mantels and
every modern improvement.
$500 CASH— BALANCE AT 6 PER
CKNT.
CHEAP WESTERN ADDITION COTTAOB.
$2500— Well-built cottage of 5 rooms and bath,
on north side Post Bt; lot 25xl37:C.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
FORCED SALE.
$10,000— Worth $16,000; 11 rooms and stable; lot
40x137:6 feet; sunny side street
Submit all offers to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET STREET.
___________ „,
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY. JANUARY 16TH, IML
At 12 o'clock noon.
At our salesroom. 638 Market ot
HOWARD- BT. INVESTMENT.
No. 829 Howard St.. near Fourth; 2 stores and
rooming houee, 85' rooms and concrete base-
ment; rents $125 per month; lot 25x80 feet.
NEW MODERN MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 1117 Sanchez st, near Twenty- fourth:
new cottage of 6 rooms and bath; every modern
Improvement; lot 25x75 feet
TEHAMA-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 351 Tehama st., near Fifth; front house
7 rooms and porcelain bath, and rear house 4
rooms; lot 25xS0 feet
DOWNTOWN WAREHOUSE PROPERTT.
South side Union st.; 25 feet east of Battery:
2-story and basement brick building; lot 25xtO;
block from East st and all the wharves.
MINNA-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 737, 737U, 737V4 Minna St., near Ninth;
3 bay-windowed modern flats of 5, 5, 6 rooms
and bath: rents $52; lot 20x80 feet,
MISSION WARM BEX.T COTTAGE.
No. 51 Chattanooga st., near Twenty-second;
flne well-built cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
lot 25x125 feet; midst sunshine and flowers.
EI,EGANT MODERN RESIDENCE.
No. 310 Fulton St., near Franklin; largo ele-
gant residence, 10 rooms and bath; every modern
improvement; lot 3S:9xl20 feet to Ash ave.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
No. 2902 Bush st, near Lyon: large modern
residence of 8 rooms and bath and finished
basement; lot 25x75 feet; modern and up-to-date.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
West side Pierce et., 45 feet south of Vallejo;
2 lots 27:6x112:6 each; flne marine vie—.
Further particulars and catalogues of sal* at
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
, - . - - 633 Market rt.
FINE FLATS.
2 fine modern flats In Panhandle district;
rented for $70 monthly; price $7500.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
A house of 12 rooms on Laguna st. In Paclflo
Heights; lot 27:6x107; It must be sold; reduced
to $10,000.
$12,000— Four ne— modern flats near Park;
rented for *112 50 monthly.
Rents $:: 60; price $5000.
Two flne new flats In the Panhandle district;
all latest modern Improvements; a good In-
vestment; this property must be sold.
A beautiful corner lot on Pacific ave.. on the
Heights; marine and city view; 45x100; will
sell cheap.
Reduced to $4000; good home of 7 rooms and
bath on Stelner st, near O'Farrell; owner anx-
ious to sell.
$60 per foot; any size, lot on Clay st. ; Presidio
Heights; all ready to build on.
$2400— A pretty Mission home; 6 rooms and
bath; wide lot.
Only $12£0; cottage of 4 rooms on Noe st.;
lot 2S:6xlO5.
LOTS— LOTS— LOTS.
In Pacific and Presidio Heights. Paclflo ave.,
Devisadero, Vallejo, Clay st, etc; all sites
and prices.
San Mateo Homes for City People.
McAFETE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st
___________________ __ „ ___
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$40,000— Choice Investment; Sutter st. near
Montgomery: central, safe: pays over S
per cent net; make an offer.
$6000— Flats; Larkln st., near Chestnut; near
Hyde-st. cars; 13 minutes from Market
St.: rent $3S; view of bay.
$6500— Cottage and flats: O'Farrell st. near
Buchanan; rents $50; good investment
$9000— House, N side California st, near Web-
ster; 10 rooms; in fine condition.
$2500— Comer lot; Larkln and Filbert sts.;
. 41x62 feet; very cheap: view of bay.
$6500— NW. corner Hyde and Filbert sts. : 60x
137:6 feet; fine view southward.
$1200— Lot Stockton st, near Chestnut; 22x65;
flats on It would pay well.
$600— Lot on London st., near Russia; 50x100;
•lectrlc cars; ready to build on.
$9000— Scott st, near Washington; facing
pretty park; choice neighborhood; ele-
gant home; 8 rooms.
$5500— Nice home; Octavia St., near Broad-
way: 8 rooms, etc.; good neighborhood.
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery St.
$4000-CHOICB lot on Mission st, near Four-
teenth; good depth; It must be sold, as owner
must have money.
11400— Large corner; 100x100; close to /Mis-
sion cars; house, barn, large pigeon house, etc.;
fine place to raise pigeons.
$350— Very cheap lot near Cortland ave, and
Mission St.; street graded, sewered and macad-
i amlzed.
$350— Fine corner of Ban Jose ave. and Broad
st.; splendid future to this lot.
McEWEN BROS.. US Montgomery st
THE COMING CITT ...SANTA FH
At Point Richmond. Terminus of Eanta Fe
Railroad.
Bound to grow. Lots are bound to Increase.
1 Railroad car shops located bare.
An Important . railroad terminus and head-
quarters. Manufacturing and shipping inter-
ests sure to Increase; lots $125; all level;
streets graded.
$10 cash $5 monthly.
¦ McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st
JOHN PFORR. 403 Pine st. near Montgomery.
Going out Valencia st. look up Thirteenth st.,
173 feet west from Valencia, you see4 fine lots.
2jx90 feet each, the price, of which has Just
been reduced to $2500 apiece.
Also to $1250 apiece, 25x70 feet, on Clinton
Park : this Is the most advantageous and cheap-
eat property offered in this city.
$7500 — A S-story ' house. In flne condition, on
Sacramento Bt. ; 12 rooms; large' lot.
$4000— Credit sale of a Park Panhandle prop-
erty on Oak st.. near Central ave.; flne cottage
of 6 rooms and bath: lot 25x110.
$11, CCO — Rent $123; corner property In a grow-
lr.K manufacturing neighborhood; stores and
flats.
A BARGAIN.
The only corner; J st and Forty-ninth art.;
87:6x120; fronting; Ocean Beach boulevard;
street all graded; a splendid business corner
for a saloon or hotel. '
JACOB HEYMAN, 117 Suttw st.
MAKE A START AS OTHERS DID.
Instead of paying rent, apply the same
money in paying off a new 6-room and bath
house on s Hoffman, ave., near electric car.
Twenty-second st. ¦
Four-room and bath on Hoffman ave.
Agent on Heyman Tract.
, JACOB HEYMAN,. 117 Sutter st
WANTED— City income property and park lots.
. ANDREW PRICE & CO.. 80 Kearny st
$400— EQUITY; store and flat; Pacific st.j raort-
gags $2500. Box 1007. Call of flea.
$S0O EACH. ¦
Two choice building lots ; on sunny ltd* of
Collingwdod st; near Nineteenth: 17:8x106 each,
O. ¦ H. UMBSEN & CO.. " 14 Montgomery st
IF you have property north ot the Park and
you -wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
GUNN. B30 California st. -: ¦>• ,y ¦ , -
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
I estimates furnished. - Campbell, 1147 Mission.
HOUSE and lot for sal* at a sacrifice; account
of departure. , 1625 Post st. ' :
FRDITYAiEADYERHSEMENTS
F— UT_— TA— B HEAL ESTATE-
SPECIAL NOTIC_—
Tb« Hozn* Building Company ha_ imaofia
its ofneo to south si<2tt of railroad track oa
Frultvalo avenu*. .
tCEO-^Hous* of 4 rooms. I block from ¥"r_ttn ila
avenue; % mil* to station; SIM casb. bal-
ance $7 per month: Just 1&» r«n_
1900— Houa* ot I rooms: "new"; lot 43x143:
chicks a bouses: Urmt to salt
I12CO— 1 acre; I good booses: chicken heo-ec;
fine well; clear water; elegant vie—; th-
is a bargain.
*300 — Houa* of 4 rooms; lot 80x50: good jmx—P.
JlSOO— Modern 3-room house; bar-wood mantel:
bath and high basement; chicken houses;
I blocks from station; good side— alk.
fl6C»-Hbu8* of 8 rooms; bath: large lot; sear
station. We will loan you the money to
buy this place.
ISOO— Ntca horn*; i rooms; bath; lane* stabl*;
several chicken bouses; city water; 10 1
SfclSO; terms to salt
$3000— Modern 2-story bouse; • largo sensy
rooms and batb; mantel; stationary wash
tubs; oloeet in every room; 1 block from
station.
Houses of all kinds for rent Remember this
address.
THB HO1TE Btm-DtNO COMPANY.
South side of Railroad Track.
Frultvale av«noe.
"W. E. RUDELL. FrulUale. Cal.
FOR BALE BT H. A. PLEITNER.
Chear>e9t Lots Ever Offered bi Frultvale.
Choice building lots $73 and upward; $5 ca«n.
$5 monthly: Pleitner Heights Tract: location
the best: no fog nor cold winds here; the oll-
mata is the best In the State.
$650— Lot 60x375. containing B0 bearing trait
trees.
»4C0— Lot lOOxMO. fronting ca t street*: tarn
place for chickens.
ICOO— Cottage of 5 rooms: ehlc_en-hons« and
yard; city water; 1 block, from electric cars.
$SI0— Coiy cottage of 3 rooms and batb; high
basement; brick foundation; gocd well: wind-
mill: tank: stable; shed: chicken-house; IS fruit
trees: lot 75x100; all fenced.
S1100— J100 cash, balance sain* as rent; modem
cottage ot 5 rooms and bath, basement, etc. ; lot
3CxH6; must be sold; an opportunity worth in-
vestigating.
$17CO— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath, basemect.
eto.; 3 chicken-houses: SCO chickens; choice fruit
trees; lot 50x280; 4 blocks from Fruttvala sta-
tion.
Offer wanted for a beautiful story and a half
Colonial rtyle residence, containing 3 rooms and
bath, basement, nna mantel, cas. eto.; larg»
lot; street work and cement walks all complete;
owner Is going away and Is obliged to sell; sea
this for a bargain. For particulars apply to U.
A. PLEITNER. rrnltvale station. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE^
A HAPPT NEW TEAR TO TOU!
LATMAN'CE REAL ESTATE CO-,
Office and salesroom,
4C0 AND 4C2 EIGHTH ST., OAKLAND.
OAKLAND HOMES.
$100.000 — Magnificent suburban mansion; en*
of the fine homes ot California; thoroughly
modern; finest collection of flowers and shrub*
beries In the State: Eastern owner; wanta a
cash offer or exchange for first-class EVastem
real estate; Chicago preferred.
$14,000— Cost $37,OjO; flne modern centrally lo-
cated home; estate; being sacrificed.
$12.000— Vernon Heights; near Senator Per-
kins' beautiful home: corner; grandly situated.
145.000 — Due bank $26,000; must sell or «s-
ehcrge equity; handsome home; also extra
choice lots; all centrally located; no choicer
property.
$10,000— Finest centrally located home in tha
central r"irt of East Oakland; cost $13,000.
fStCO — Choice bar_ain; fine modern 10-roona
corner residence. Tenth ave.; ccst $12,000.
$7000-1— keslde district; beautiful 10-room t
modern residence; specially constructed.
$5000 — Fina 9-room house; Albion St.
$4650— Fine 9-room home; Filbert st,
$5750— New 8-room home; Lakestde district.
JMOO— Fina 9-room heme; Telegraph ave.
J.J100 — New 8-room home; Twenty-seventh st
and Telegraph ave.
t3500 — New S-room home; Adeline station.
$375O— New 8-room hom«; Blackstone Heights.
$3650— New S-roora home; Twenty-elg_t_ at
and Telegraph ave.
$3cOO— One of the pretty colonial homes near
Linda Vista: 7 rooms: mortgaged; must selL
J3100— FrultvalB ave: snap: Una 2-Mory. 1O-
room corner; lot 111x233; land worth mow.
jjCCO— Ninth ave.; beautiful cottage borne; has
every appointment: SOxliO.
$2650— Latham terrace: beautiful 8-room home;
40x166; stable; flne view.
$27S0— Near Bread way and Twenty-sixth st;
corner; 8-rocm home; offer wanted,
$3CC0— Business corner; 60 ft; worth IMOO; has
flne future; fair Improvements; always rented:
$33 month.
J2500— Near Seventh and Broadway: store: 3
rooms; flat ( rooms; modern build Lag; flna
order: rents J23.
$2J.C0— Prominent corner on Telegraph ave.: SO
xlOO. with store and cottage on same.
J2500— Near Senator Perkins'; *250 cash. $_>
month; new colonial 8-room house; bank sale.
$150 cash buys equity in new S-room housa
within 6 minutes' walk of Broadway and Four-
teenth st: tnenmbrance $2750; sacrifice.
$2250— Neat 5-room cottafre near City Hall;
rents $20; nice neitftborhood-
$1500— Foreclosure sale; offer —anted; 7-roora
cottage; bath; 50x160; bet. Grora st and Tele-
graph ave.
$2250— Near Telegraph ave. and Thirty-eighth
st; modern 2-story house; 7 rooms, bath, ce-
ment basement; 60- foot lot; flna $750 barn; flat
mortgago of $1500; offer wanted.
$1750— Near Telegraph ave.: extra cozy, ne—
2-story home: 6 rooms; porcelain bath; mort-
gage $1200; snap.
$1750 each— Two 6-room cottages; bath: rent-
ing |13 month; north Market st. station; bar-
gains; must sell.
$1650— Flats; 4 and 5 rooms; well located:
rents $18; near Market-st. station; .north ot
$1405— Bank mortgage $1200; $230 cash: ne—
cottage ? rooms, porcelain bath, mantel; Thirty-
fourth st: near cars.
' $1400— Foreclosure; bargain: cottage 5 room*.
bath; near Clinton station: rents $15; must sell.
$14C0-Cost $1500 at foreclosure; modern 5-room
cottage 1 lot 81x170; near Frultvale ave.
$1C«O— Myrtle St.. near Twenty-eighth; neat
home; S rooms, batb; stable; lot 23x132; street
complete. ACRE . vGE .
$13,500. assessed value— M-acre tract frontlns
San Pablo ave.: has water frontage.
$650 per acre^ — Special bargain: adjoining
Broad-way; 1 to 5 acres; terms. $100 per acra
cash, balance monthly; worth $1000 per acra
to-day.
$3000 for 5 acres— Elmhurst: makes 53 lot*:
level- finest soil: near electric cars; local trains;
only $3» cash; will subdivide.
$3500— Four acres. Improved, near Oakland;
stores schools, cars; choicest fruit; finest soil;
5-room cottage; a bargain can be secured.
$9<X)O— 30-acre tract, suburbs of Oakland; tha
finest realty bargain around Oakland; $10CO
acre once refused: mortsase $4500; trade equity.
Write or call upon us for anything In Oak-
laBd REAL ESTATE CO..
4S0-462 Eighth St.. Oakland. Cal.
$S300-COST LATE OWNER $4000,
Pair of Cat.; 5 rooms and bath each; Market
st station, Oakland; being 12 per cent per
annum on Investment; first come, first served;
must be sold at once. J. S. MYERS & CO..
1003 Broadway.
$IS0O— "WORTH $C000; Harrison st. front!-* City
Park; 3 blocks to Broadway; 2 blocks to
schools and local station, etc.: nelshborbooii
the best; 6 rooms, bath and basement; fur-
nished and ready for occupancy; terms IS
desired; must b« seen to be appreciated;
positively must be sold this week; first come,
first served. J. S. MYERS — CO.. 1002 Broad-
way. '
16000-ACTUAL COST JS300.
House. 9 rooms; corner lot: plate glass win-
dows. 4 blocks from Broadway and 3 blocks
to narrow and broad gauge local stations; In
the finest neighborhood; open plumbing; the
latest ideas In architectural construction. J.
B. MYERS & CO.. 1002 Broadway.
$*1350— OWNER IN NEW YORK— $1—0.
Modern Eastlake cottage, with bath. hall,
bay window. hUh basement, brick foundation,
etc.: lot 37:6x125: street work complete; sunny
front: stone walks laid: close to school,
churches and cars; sun all day; nice garden;
good neighborhood: title perfect and no mort-
K&ee; near San Pablo ave.; look Into this bar-
gain.
12500 FOB A I COO HOME.
Modern 2-story dwelling of 9 rooms, bath.
double parlors, bay windows anl all In first-
class condition: lot 10x140; north or sunny aMa
.if the street. In the very best location close
to Telegraph ave.: mortgage of $2500 on this
property forces the owner to sell; this place
r. worth $4500. geo _, ArgTrx &
IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
$250 CASH. $13 monthly— A model home; ne—
Iti-story house of S rooms; porcelain bath;
plenty of closets: lovely, large, complete pan-
try; in fact everything Is up to date; the lo-
cation is charming; Al soil and superb ell-
mate- city water: sewer: about 9 minutes'
easy walking from local steam cars: 1 square
from electric car line and close to a high-
grade public grammar school : neighborhood
well assured: adjoining Eaut Oakland: price,
all told, $1790; call or send for circular. 4_S
Seventh st. Oakland. Broadway station: car-
rtage tree. H. 2. JONES, owner. ¦
$S50— A SMALL home of 4 rooms and batb: nun
be sold: 39th st.. near Telegraph a**.: 25x1*0.
A. J. 6NTDER ft CO.. Real Eatat*. 4«7 Ninth
st. Oakland. Cal. ¦ •
1750-4 ROOMS: 33x100; must be sold. A. J.
WTTtFTt «• rT> 4«r Ninth «t.. Oakland.
OAK—AXD FTRXITCBE FOH SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. ScheUhaa*. th-»
furnltnr* deal«r. Uth and Franklin. Oakland.
For Additional Classified Advertise*
meats Se« Page Thirty,
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Ete— .For Sale
_S HORSES for sale; also — agoos, bugirlee.
carts, haraees. Grand Arcade Horss Market.
I*, eixth st; anctlon sale* «venr Wednesday.
BrX-LTVAN _ DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR __!•— Gou__ black mar*, e years old:
work* single or double: -bout 1500; pric* $150. |
Inquire 2711 Twentieth st, near Haxnpi_hlre.
FOR tz.lt — 6-year-cld horve; weighs 1S00 pounds:
•ouad and well broke: pood worker. 4460
Citrtteenth st. corner of Dosglass.
K5J-A FINE horee and new burgT and har-
neae far sale; a bargain. Apply 714 Te-
*y?rrs ft.
FOR SALB— T— o cholc* fatally cows. One
Mock west Crora. Broadway, on Fortieth 6t,
Oakland.
HOUSES TO LET.
A-PRINTED LIST Houses to let; tend for dr-
rv-.br. G. H. I'MBSKN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
norsEs to jlet — fuhxisiied.
FOR RENT— To responsible party, elegantly
Turr.lshed modern house; 20 rooms; 1837 Jack-
eon et For cerd of admission apply to CHAB.
C. BEMIS. SU Montgomery et. Real Estate
Agest
PACIFIC Ilelf-hts: J4 rooms; modern; flSO.
THE McCAKTUT CO.. C46 Market st
HOUSES WAXTKO.
TO_"C1£IIEO flat or house wanted: from Feb-
ru—ry to October; < or 8 rooms; between
Jackson ana Vallejo, Van Ness and Gough;
muj-t V>« sunny ride cf street; marine view.
A<Jdret*. Fl-.-lnff full particulars, R. F. A.,
Pav.'v Hilf!. room $!.
HYPNOTISM.
PP.OF. RAYMOND, strictly reliable, tmches
macnetl'' heallns and claJrvoy-
crcy; free demonstrations dally, 2 to 5. £97
Market st. ,-¦.':.,
rVV£LII>jCIIAIRS ANI> TRICYCLES^
BOLD and rmM; re anfr. of the Earn es tricycle
ch^ir. EAMHS Tricycle Co., :iC0 Markot ft.
1X>ST AM) FOOD.
LOST— On New Year's eve. purse containing
oertlieate cf dej>oplt cn L-Dd oa & San Fran-
cisco Bank, a receipt ana HO gold piece.
Please return certificate to eljove ha^k. keep
(rold and no Questions atked. J- IX K.
LOST— Jar.usxy 1, 2 ___ona4a; or.e black and
tan. ether black end tar. srtth white neck and
brenrt. Return tame to A. IV. LEHHKE.
corner Marlposa and Minnesota, st-.. and re-
ceive reTi_-d.
LOPT^— Small Ciarsonci rr-sxeuise ring; of small
value except to owr.fr. He-ward of $10 If re-
turned to GU.VN. :-^ Clay St.
LOST— At Gcidcr. Gate HalL po!d fleur de Its
pin set -with r*a:is- Suitable reward by re-
turilr.g to JOHN BENNETT. _> Sansonie et
LOST Bl&ck Kailier pouch containing receipts.
Ilefjra n fH'-i Linien ave.: reward.
LOST— I>._tr.oniS screw earring Friday. Re-
turn £11 (juerrero st. end receive reward.
X/36T— A Scotch cclMe bitch. Return to 804
L_r_ a st.. barber 6h?j>, instead of Atlas
Ft::*; reward.
BUM BETWAJBD — On New Year's eve. a purse
c^r-airingr solitaire diamond ring and email
gold. Bex S7T Call office.
L ~> C T— January ", plain soli rlr.g. Return to
c~e«. I"~'4 Market St.; liberal reward.
LOST — In San Lorenzo. Gordon Better, call* by
rumse of Ja<:k; reward. Address Postmaster,
fiaa Lorenzo.
ANY old tiling; also diamonds, sealskins: money
on th«ii: private entrance; perfec* eecrecy.
rXCLK HARRIS. IS Grant ave.
MEDICAL.
T>Ji- O. W. O'DONNKLL. moved to 1C1S Market,
opp. Cth; worl^-rcnowned ladies' specialist;
safe, reliable; practiced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cas<*s successfully;
treatnient can be used at home; consultation
free. After all other fail call on him.
_!KS. DR. KOHL, r-37 Market Ft. cor. Sixth—
£_> and reliable ladies' physician; treatment
fS; positive cure niarar.teed : tvhen others tail
conFU'.t free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
SIF.S. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist; Zo yrs.'
eucregyful practice; gt-ra—teed treatment at
office, S5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
fuit free. S42 Post Et.. bot Hyde and Larkln,
DR. A-\'» ilUS. DA VIES. 1_:S Market— Ladles'
rpec:a!!sts; Zt years' practice; positive cure
Kvara^J^ed; !afl:es treated can return _am<t
day; HINDOO HEP.n home cure; -tamps, dr.
»KS. GOODTn.V. l-W-i Market, expert cn dis-
eases of »-omen; 13 years' practice In S. F\. a
(81 gx:araTite«<;; tj at of fir*; have cured thou-
t: ¦.'.: of cases; unexcelled success; s»e free.
iir.?. DR. ALL-EN. 1025 Market— Ladles epe-
cla!i«: safe »n3 sure cure, S3: beat care; low
fee?: vrhen a'.l c.hers fall consult free.
INDIES' Home Remedy Co.. 212 Ellis *t— Pri-
vjue diseases cf women; ratisf action «^iaran-
t^e-l or money re-funded; sanatorium.
ITJ. POPPER. 5T>ecialist Icr 27 years for female
troubles. £23 Kearny st.: call and eee me.
-IKS. DR. GWYHR. taffies' specialist; home
for ratier.ts. J04 Eddy ft.
DR. NO TOY KHE cures disease by herbs;
fiiiviee free. 7C4 Pacramer.to st.. near Kearny.
3IISCnU_AAEOCS KOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinerv. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLl'MAN. 1S5-1S7 Fremoct fit
EARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and Becond-hand; we always
have a iar^e Ftook of «aloon outfits on hand:
tt complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
w* can ehip everything in 24 hours. J.
NOOXAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission st.
_XIH Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— ALMOST mew Colt's hammerlees 12-bore
Damascus "traj>" shotgun for 160; was crig-
lr.slly specially ordered from Colt'e factory
tr.-i has coct tlTZ. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Craiit ave. - - •
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
t5 \,'-t moj:th; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
Bt. : rentals, new machine*. $3 per month.
A— BUYS, etlls or rents gear machinery, en-
F'.nes, »)nllf— . vrater pipes, shafting pulleys,
t-te. ¦U'HITET.AV.'. 2:6 Fpear rt.
TjI^YCLE. nearly new; gents'; higrh rr— de;
very cheap. Bex 101S, Call offlce.
2D-HAND etcara, ga*, oil, water and air ma-
chinery bo'jpht and sold. V.'hite. 5!« Mission.
BLUE rum Title* for eale. Apply PAUL KET-
£CR. :¦>€ Clay st
PORTABLE rnpir-es, boilers; Iron and wood
rlarjers. lathe-: M-h&nd. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
FIRST-CLAF-S necor.d hand modern engines and
boilers bought and fjid. KROGH Mfg- Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and maple lantern goods
bought eold. exchanged. 10» Montgomery st
10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burglar
proof pafe. 218 California st.
FA FES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-4-3 Sacramento St.
MAGIC lantern*, new and M-han*- moving:
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post et.
SAFES — New snd *eeonfl-hand; all dzes. THE
WAT.TZ SAFE. zm-lTl Market *t.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
T7 ANTED— Subscriptions for National Mines
:-¦-¦'¦.; rr f-r.x 6toc_; Co a there. M. _>. GAGE,
Part:fiel<l, Cal.
GOOD recond-hand C-inch or $-Jnch sticker:
mm be rhfap. Box SIS. Call cOcc.
A niXST quality invalid's chair, with or wlth-
out wheels. Box S72, Call office.
XlADIES' and pents* caf-t-ofT clothinr bought &
•old. 8!lvprman, SS4 FolKom; tel. Foltom 11S1.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHTTEHEAP. 171ft Market gt. _^
MOXEV TO L.OAJV.
Kjx— BEST rates and eamles terms.
Second Mortgages
Interest In Estates
Cr>dU"1ded Interest In Heal Estate......
Financial problems cf all rorts and siren
srlved by HERMAN MURPHY. €30 Market.
A -MONEY to loan et rates vhich people can
tSToTtl to pay on furniture, pianos, etc; do
not borrow of your frle_ds or you will losa
\\:r\r friendship; do busings with strangers
and you tvlll be better satiefled; no delay; no
publicity. Rooesp 2 and 10. »06 Market st
AV7 amount Bt 6 per cent; 1st. 2d ana Sd mort-
r^es, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
l*ue; mortgsses ar.d legacies bought; no de-
l«yj *et my terms before doing business e-lse-
wl <<re. n. McCOl/iAN, £4 Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY proposmon. any amount; 6 per cent; first,
Ftccnd mwtr*ce«. estates in probate. Interest
in estates, lejraciec; corporation loacs, chattel
mortfraKes end securities. Room 16. 1st fleer.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
L'IGHLT respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Etore, *4« Market
ft.; tel. Main 1B44. Braach 1> Third ct
OX furalture. pianoe. no removal, or any other
eecurlty; quick; lowest rate; ea*y terms: no
><rc.l:erag-e; private, reliable parties. 1170 Mar-
ket «U. room CS.
A-V-'»-'.000 OX city and country real estate and
estates; chuttel mortgages; notes and collat-
eraiy. J. BHOWNKTONE. 11 Montgomery st
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. 3. HESTHA—, lfl Sixth;
2^£-esl pries Icr cM sold, -liver, 61&mo_-s.
MONEY TOLOJUf.
ANT amount. lowest rates, on furniture., eta;
no removal, no comraisslon; strictly conflden-
tl_L Room 8. Conservatory bldg.. SOI Jone_
$100,000 TO loan oa diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNC__ HARRIS. 16
Grant ave.
MOXET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
J100.000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Sansorae. rm. 2.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. >21 Parrctt bldg.
1% cn furniture and pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81, 6 Eddy et
LOANS. 1st or 2d nitre: city, country: 6%; undl-
vtded lnta.; estates. HARPER. S97 Parrott big.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. JW Parrott build-
ing; men can •scan loans on personal notes.
MONEY to lean on furniture by private party;
low rate. 317 Market st.. room 1.
ON furniture Rnd p'.anoe; no removal; con-
fidential; cn <*.iamond«. etc. 23 Taylor st.
CASH losned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRKLL, 600 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bid.
MUSICAL, I.NSTRUMEXTS.
ANY psreon having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s wltb
easiest ra.y«*" nts . lowest prices and most re-
lUUe makers to choose from. Each the be*t
of their _Tade. from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low-
pneed pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $C cash and
$6 r>er month. We offer to sell some jepM
pianos for $!. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Keamy and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner IJreadway and Thirteenth et., Oak-
land.
A GItEAT reduction on pianos left from 1900 i<ale
Guild |3S
Emerson 65
Steinway 193
Chlckerlng 320
Uaynes ;s<;
Hallet & Davis «ss
Heine 493
10 new pianos at 14S
HEINE FIANO CO.. 217 Geary Et..' agents
Hallet & Davis, oldest and most famous piano
existence. Rents and easy payments.
PIANOS at $100. J125 and *150 are not to be
compared with the bargains that — e offer
you. Call on the ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 7C3 Market -t.
DECKER & SOX are the old reliable makers
of first-class pianos. New styles and low
prlcee at MAUVAIS'. 7C9 Market st
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and large-t house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26.
JS and SO O'Farrell et. : pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A GREAT bargain sale of second-hand uprights
and squares tak— 1 in exchange for new pianos
during our great special sale. $C0 up. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell St.. Chlckering
agency.
A CLEARANCE sale of pianos; elegrant up-
rights; left over after holidays; to make room
for stock now due; liberal discounts. J.
DEWING & CO.. 12 Flood building.
CAHINET grand upright ; must b« sacrificed
in 5 days: leaving city. 413 Van Xess ave.,
near McAllister st -; v>"
REAUTIFUL Brand uprijrht piano; 3 pedals;
used 2 mo*. : must sell. 995 Sutter. cor. Hyde.
WANTED— Upright piano; will pay $1 a month
rent. Box 1C23. Call office.
BEAUTIFUL Chlrkerine upritht: cost $47j.
now $275. HEIXE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary et.
A CLEANING out sale of pianos In Etorage;
dirt cheep. Wilson's Storage, 1710 Market st.
BYRON MAUZY. ajrency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy, Gabler and Speilman pianos. 20S Post.
SPECIAL Kale— Immense reductions; see our
leader, only £150. BPXENN'. 208 Post st.
THREE-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain;
owner leaving city. 2233 Mission St.
GREAT many bargains In 2nd-hand uprights;
small Installments. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; steck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S, m Market St.. 4 elegant up-
| rights st your own price. Ehoninger acency.
BE?T rent rtock in city: new pianos, {3 per
month. ECOTT-CX-RTAZ. SCO Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old ar.d new. H.
ML'LLER maker, repairer. 2 Latham place,
BARGAIN*— Must be sold; nice uprteht piano.
SCHM1TZ. 18 Mr-Allister vt.. next Hib. Bank.
OFFICES AXD STOlilTs~TO~LiiraTT~
$1&— CORNER Etore. 3 rooms: suitable dell-
cat essen. 323 Bryant St.. bet. 1st and 2d.
OIL;
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Company buys, de-
velops. exploitF and sell* oil lands; has excep-
tional advantages for Fecuring Eastern capital
In proved fields; communications confidential.
F. H. HAUSMAN. Sec, room 32, Mills bldg.
20 OR 40 acres for sale In 24 — 2S— 27 Kern River
011 District: a grand chance for a company if
taken Immediately. J. S". EWEN. 10 Call-
forala St.. room 1. San Francisco, Cal.
MUST have money; will sacrifice from 50 to
600 shares stock Diamond Oil Company at 50c
per share: company's price 75<r, with imme-
diate advance to $1 announced. Address box
S23. Call orf.ee.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. £30 Pine street
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
WILL soil for $2Tfl 6003 non-assessable shares In
jrood oil company; best location: Fresno Co.;
drilling outfit ordered. Box 98S. Call office.
WANTED— Five pood men as directors In new
oil company; ground floor; good proposition.
Box y/i. Call offlce.
FTN"E oil company offices. f4fi Market st.
i OIL LAXDS FOR SALE.
H PER acre: a plclrup: S20 acres of Al oil
land In Monterey County; oil seepages on the
property. JEROME ENGLISH, 11 Montgom-
ery st.
KERN 1 River; proven territory: line, of R. R.
Newton. Carmen & Some*, r. 104. Chronicle.
, PAIXTERS AND DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades: rooms papered. S3
up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth et. ; open evenings.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist, 615
Tsylor st. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PATENTS AMI PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unlem successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSON.U.S.
A YOUNG Englishman holding a good position
in a firm In China desires the acquaintance of
a young lady with the view of matrimony;
American Protestant and of a homely dis-
position; a genuine offer to the rleht party;
no notice unless photo Is sent. Address A. B.
C. care this paper. A. B. C. In care of the
U. S. Consul, Shanghai, China
PERSONAL — A grentleman recently from tha
East would like to make tha acquaintance of
a young lady or widow under 30; object nxar-
riaxe. Box 974, Call.
BUSINESS gent. 45, temperate habits, affec-
tionate nature, desires corresoondence with
pood womanly woman; object matrimony. Box
W32, Call.
ALL scalp and hair diseases; a euaranteed cure
at the Hirsutine Co.. 6 Eddy st, rooms 73-74.
MRS. E. R. DUN'LAP. Proprietress.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 257 Jessie st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs. *llk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
CANCER cured at home by Internal treatment:
no fenife, piaster or pa'.n; book and testi-
monials mailed free. Canc»r Institute, 121
West Forty-second st. N. Y.
ALICE — The Gem Nursery at Los Gatos gives
grand presents for selling $1 or $50 worth
of vegetable and flower seeds or plants; par-
ticulars and samples free; send for catalogue.
gupcrfluous hair removed with electric needle;
electric roller facial treatment for wrinkles;
all branches taught. Miss Eaton, HIS Sutter.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery Et
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hatfl, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 220 Kearny st, near Pine.
SUITS to order on installments; $15 upward; $1
a week. LEON LEHO2, 1117 Market st.. be-
tween SeventhandElghth, -
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 792,
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; flne uphol-
stery: goods carefully packed for shipment" or
storage. HOPKE BROS.. Sltf and 220 Uth st.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co.. 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas Hotel.-
ALFREDUMS Egyptian . Henna; rtstoree : gray
hair to Its o&tural color; J}; it all druggists.
RE Ali ESTATE — CITY — FOR 8AUS.
G. H. UMBSEN ft CO.,
REAL ESTATB AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$6000— Sold by order of German Bank; 2 flats
on Oak st, close to Laguna, and cot-
tage on rear street renting low at (40 per
month; lot 2Bxl20.
$5000— Rents $47 per month; corner oa O'Farrell
st, in the Western Addition;- improve-
ments consist of 4 flats of 4 and 6 rooms
and batb each.
$6000— Tehama St., near Third; several tene-
ments and lot 40x80.
$3500— Rents $32 per month; X sunny flats of 4
and 5 rooms and bath each; on Guerrero
st. close to 22d st; this property is in
the warm belt of the Mission. »,_ block
from 22d st electrlo cars, and Guerrero st.
electric cars pass the door.
$5000— Rents $42 per month; fine grocery corner
. near Haight and Fillmore sts., store and
flat: good business location; both streets
accepted by the city. ¦ '
$3503— Rents $32 per month; must be sold by
order of German Bank; 2 fiats of 5 and
6 rooms and bath each, and cottage on
rear street of 6 rooms and bath; lot 37:6
xl20; Greenwich st, close to Fillmore; a
• reasonable offer will be entertained.
$2300— Rents $403 per annum; 4 flats and lot 25
\ . . x85 feet ; near Ninth and Harrison sts.
$2S00— Cozy cottage of 6 rooms and bath; all
modern Improvements ; large lot, 84x80
feet; convenient to several lines of
6treet cars; nice location. >W.VJ
$4000— Rents $624 per annum; 6 tenements and
lot 50xS0 feet; near Sixth and Brannan.
$5250— Rents $792 per annum: price greatly re-
duced to close the estate; near Sixth and
Harrison sts.; 7 flats and lot 50xSO feet:
this is a bargain and no reasonable offer
refused.
$1300— 2-story house of 6 rooms near Ellis and
Devisadero sts.; lpt 25x90 feet
New Pocket Map of San Francisco County, 25c
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Re-
cords," which contains a list of properties for
sals In all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st
GEORGE M. WILLCOX,
328 Montgomery st.
JSO.OOO— McAllister st. opposite City Hall: sub-
stantial; 8-story and basement; 60-foot
front building: S tenants; always rented
and sure to enhance In value. .
$20,000— Fillmore st. near McAllister; rents
J1710 per annum: thoroughly up-to-date;
EO-foot front; S-story and basement
building, containing two stores and four
modern 7- room flats.
$11,000— Golden Gate ave.. near Laguna st; 2
modern flats, 7 and 8 rooms and bath;
also 4-room and bath cottage and sta-
ble; 30x120.
$10,000— Annual rental $1200; Jackson st busi-
ness property.
J9000— Hayes St., opposite Alamo Square; mag-
nificent view; elegant 8-room and bath
residence; In perfect condition; cost
$12,000.
$3000— Nineteenth st., near Bryant; cozy, at-
tractive 6-room cottage; lot 15x100.
$2700— Clara St., near Fourth; well-built house
of 12 rooms; 27x75.
$2500— Fifteenth ave. south; cost $8000; &-room
house; 75x100.
GEORGE M. WILLCOX
328 Montgomery st
________________________ _________
Established January, 1S5S.
Real Estate Agents.
Full charge taken of property.
C26 Market st., opposite Palace Hotel.
$2200— BROADWAY, near Jones; must be sold;
rent US; this Is In good condition. MADI-
SON & BURKE.
J650O— PINE St.. near Scott: 2 flats; rents $57 50;
lot 25x137:6. MADISON & BURKE.
$7000— 3 FLATS; near O'Farrell and Webster;
well rented; lot 25x90. MADISON & BURKE.
LAUNDRY building with 2 flowing- wells of Al
water, tanks, barn and lot 16SX120, on north
line of Lombard st., bet. Fillmore and Btein-
er; also lot 152x130 on Chestnut st., in rear;
rents $73 per month: must be sold on account
of non-renidence. MADISON & BURKE.
BUSH-ST. corner, near Kearny; lot 60x70, with
large, substantial buildings; rents $230 pe?
month. MADISON A BURKE.
MISSION-ST. bargain, near Twelfth; large lot;
new improvements, etore and flats: rents $110;
price $1S,OOO. MADISON & BURKE.
$10,500— FIXE vacant property: lot 87:6xM. with
2 corners; Taylor and Greenwich sts.; Just the
place for a grocery .' MADISON & BURKE.
$8000— AN elegant north corner In the Presidio
Heights district: 60x30; this is choice prop-
erty and very cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
gGoOO — BUSH St., near Webster; 8 rooms and
bath; elegantly finished interior; 27x100.
MADISON & BURKE.
$1R,COO— AN elegant marine view house. In the
. best of condition; will take a smaller house
for part pay If not too far out. MADISON
& BURKE. i
SUTTER st.. corner of Buchanan; 35x87:6: only
SSOOQ. MADISON & BURKE.
$17,000 — TWO new modern residences Just be-
ing completed on Spruce st., near Washing-
ton; 14 rooms, 2 baths, 3 toilets, dining-room
and breakfast rooms finished In oak; parlor
in mahogany; reception -*¦ hall and chamber
floor In white cedar; hardwood floors in hall,
dining-room and bathrooms; basement and
back yards and all steps concrete; tiled ves-
tibule, marble steps to front doors; wine
room, storeroom, laundry and turnace In
basement; servants' rooms and billiard room
In attic; sun in every room; flne marine view.
Further particulars of O. D. BALDWIN &
SON", 22 Montgomery st.
$2100— RENT3 $30; 25x87:6; on Montgomery st,
near Filbert; 3-story building In front, with
store and 2 flats and two-story ln« rear. O.
D. BALDWIN & SON, 22 Montgomery st.
$4100 — RENTS $36; reduced from $5000; must
sell to close estate: 27:6x120 and two houses
on north line of Fulton st., near Gough. O.
D. BALDWIN & SON. 22 Montgomery st
$1000 EACH— $100 cash, balance In monthly $10
Installments; lots on Greenwich and Brod-
erick sts.; 25x137:6 each, all level on grade;
flne marine view; cars within one block;
north side of street. O. D. BALDWIN ft
SON. 22 Montgomery st.
$375 CHEAPEST lot in town; north side of
Geary .st, near Baker; 24:6x80; street accept-
ed; cable cars. O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22
Montgomery st.
$2500 EACH — Choice lots on the east side of
Van Ness ave.. near Lombard st. ; 25x109
each; only I lots left; street bltumlnlzed and
accepted. O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22 Mont-
gomery st. '
VON HHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
613 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$20,000— Corner on Montgomery ave. ; stores
and lodKinc-house: rents $176 50. v
$13 500 — Cor. Stelner and Waller sts: 43x81;
store and 2 flats; rents $63 90.
$12,5C0— Union st, near Taylor; 3 modern flats
and rear house; 25:9x128:9; rents $97.
$12,000— Corner Bush and Hyde; 25x57:6; store
and 2 flats; rents $70 60*.
110,000— Stockton st.. rear Sacramento: 40x137:6
with L 26:3x56 on Prospect place; old improve-
ments; rents $23.
$10,000— Twelfth st.. near Howard; 68x115; 10-
room dwelling.
$6000— Lombard St.. near Dupont; 40x90 to rear
street; 4 flats: rents $56.
$5250— California St., near Baker; 25:3x52:6; t
flats: rents ?42 50. . .
$5600— Green st. near Dupont; 16:6x80; S bay-
window flats: rents J55.
$45C0— Kearny st., near Union: 20x80 to rear
street; 2 houses; rents $38 25. '
$3600— Shipley st, near Sixth; 25x75; 6 flats;
rents $36. . UNIMPROV ED.
$30,000— Cor. Broadway and Broderick sts.;
137:6x275.
$12.500— Corner Clay st. and Central are.: 86:1
xl30; will subdivide.
jgooo — Cor. Cole and Carl: 100:7x87:6.
J7CO0— Cor. Guerrero and Fourteenth; 68x98.
$S500— Fulton St., near Fillmore: 32:6x137:6.
$3000— Laguna st. near Page; 23x100.
$3000 — Steiner, near Waller; 24x81.
$2750 each — Post St., near Devisadero: 2 lots.
$2000— Waller St., near Stanyan; 23x100.
$1500— Butter St., near Lyon; 35:3x100.
$1000— Fifteenth st. near Castro; 25x103:4%.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New Resolutions for the New Year.
Invest Your Surolus In a Good Lot. :.-!.
$100, $200 and $300— Very best Ocean Boulevard
residence lots; none can beat us; only $5
monthly.
$300 to $900— Graded Sunset, 19th ave. Boule-
vard and Richmond lots; $10 monthly. ,
$75 to $100— Level lots near Mission and San
Mateo electric cars; $5 monthly.
$500, $750, $1000 and $1500 each-4 splendid cot-
tages; good locations; near cars; large lots;
payments same as rent.
Branch office— 9th ave., near H st. Sunset
SOL GETZ ft BROTHER.
V Room 54, Chronicle building.
THB choicest lots in Richmond for sale, either
1 for cashr. or i in ? easy payments, i same ' price,
no difference, at such figures that the buyer*
cannot help -but double their money; street
¦work all -done; water," gas and electricity
ready to turn on; cable and electric cars pass
in front; cheaper than anything else offered;
, call and get list; these very desirable lots are
all on this side and : east of Twelfth - ave. ,
and not far out. and Just what is. wanted by
those locking for. homes. W.. J. GUNN. 530
California st. ¦. :. - -
TWO, nice, homes In -Richmond; not far-out;
all, street work done; within 200 feet of the
electric -cars;: 9 rooms and bath; lot- 27x
120. $3C0O; 6 : rooms : and . bathroom, lot 25x120;
' $2625. . I can arrange for easy terms the same
'. as i paying - rent j both ; are ¦ bargains. Vf. . J. ¦
GUNN, 639 California st, between Montgom-
ery and Kearny.DISTINGUISHED CITIZEN WHO
IS TO PRESIDE OVER A
STRONG ORGANIZATION.
Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company,
ex-presldent of the Olympic Club and I»
prominent In business and fraternal cir
cles.
SECRET SERVICE MEN"
AEJELEST COTTNTERFKITERS
Believe They Have the Men Who
Have Bs*n Flooding New York
With Bogus Coin.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5.— For at least
two months the secret service people have
been at work to discover the makers of all
the sliver counterfeit coins, mostly quax
teres and halves, which were being freely
circulated In New York City. Last night
and to-day officials of the secret service
*,nd the i Treasury Department, under
Chief \\ ilkle's direction, arrested Plo Pa
ria and seven companions.
Octogenarian Commits Suicide.
RIVERSIDE, Jan. 5.— Laurent Huezel
S2 years old, committed suicide this morn
ing by shooting himself in the head. He
formerly resided in San Francisco, where
he was Coming to Southern
California in boom times he invested and
lost a large share of his wealth.
Secretary of the N"avy Decides That
One of the Contracts Must Be
Let on Pacific Coast.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 5.— The Secretary
of tho Navy has arrived at the conclusion
that the law relating to the building of
new ships requires the department to al
lot one of the vessels to the Pacific Coast.
Therefore he has announced that he will
award the contract for one of these bat
tleships to Moran Bros, at Seattle, one to
the Bath Works of Maine and one to the
Newport News Shipbuilding- Company.
These awards will be made conditional
upon the bidders named bringing their
proposals within the $3,000,000 limit of cost
fixed by Congress and restoring- many
important items cut out of the specifica
tions of the department by them. Moran's
bid was $3,865,000, Bath $3,590,000 and New
port News $3,594,000. If bidders decline to
accept the department's conditions the de
partment will amend the specifications
and readvertlse.
ONE BATTLESHIP TO '
BE BTJTLT_AT SEATTLE
EORGE A. NEWHALL will be
ft Tf- : ttii next ; president of the San
11 "' I Francisco Chamber of Com-
N^ a= J> merce. This honor ha» been ten
dered him by the nominating
committee of the well-known organiza
tion and he has consented to allow his
name to head the ballot which will be
voted on by the members on Tuesday
next.
Captain Charles' Nelson, -who baa pre
sided over the Chamber of Commerce for
a number of years, surrenders the honor
on account of ill health. Mr. Newhall,
who is vice president of the organization,
has acted as presiding officer for some
time because of the continued illness of
Captain Nelson. He has proved an able
executive officer and the high honor con
ferred upon him Is In appreciation for his
services. The Chamber of Commerce is
composed of the leading: business men of
this city.
Ballots will be sent to the members to
day by Secretary Scott. Henry F. Allen
is named as first vice president and Cap
tain William E. Mighell as second vice
president. There Is no opposition ticket
and the gentlemen named will be elected
unanimously. The nominating committee
has /made but few changes in naming- the
new board of trustees. It will be com
posed of Wakefield Baker, E. R. Dlmond,
W. J. Dutton, A. B. Field, William L.
Gerstle. William Haas, C. Os^ood Hooker,
"William H. Marston, George W. McNear
Jr., H. Rosenfeld, A. G. Towne and
Charles M. Yates. Ebenezer Scott, tho
efficient secretary, will continue to act in
his present capacity.
Mr. Newhall Is one of the leading men
of the State. He is president of the Board
of Police Commissioners, president of the
i . / - , " _- ..V'. . ' ' „ ¦_.. .. : "«>••¦. i- . '
Nominating Committee of the -Organization
Tenders Him the Honor.
NEWH ALL FOR PRESIDENT
OF CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
Company H of the League of the Cross
Cadets will play the Princetons a match
football game on the Sixteenth and Foi
spm streets grounds this afternoon A.
there is a strong rivalry between the two
Uams a hard strujgjtfe U expected. •
Si£«Mi3imM^g~?. ¦ ?*-i ' 1
Football Game.
Rev. Thomas P. McLoughlln. pastor of
Transfiguration Church. New York City.
will deliver his famous lecture on "Th»
Ancient Melodies of Ireland" for the ben
efit of the League of the Cross. The lec
ture will be delivered In Metropolitan
Hall on January 16. General admission
tickets and reserved scats may be secured
at the Catholic Truth Society office, room
87. Flood building.
Father McLoughlin's Lecture.
Judge Hebbard. havlnr occe decide*
the question of the legality of orvil ser
vice, will not try the action instituted
against Tax Collector Scott and the Civil
Service Commission and the case has been
transferred to Judge MursLsky for hear
ing. Judge Murasky issued a temporary
restraining order yesterday enjoining Tax
Collector Scott from making appoint
ments from the civil service list until tho
action has been decided. Tha east wiU
be called for hearlnar Monday.
Schaezlein & Burrid?e, goldsmiths, . 1
Hardle place, have applied ror an injunc
tion to restrain Labor Commissioner
Meyers from attempting to regulate the
sanitation of their place of business. The*
allege that the Labor Commissioner l.»
attempting to compel tiiem to adopt meth
ods and machinery which are not neces
sary and has already damaged them, la
the sum of (500.
During the recounting of ballots In th«
Daingerfleld-Grahani contest yesterday
Judge Dalngerfleld gained seven votej.
which leaves Grahanvs majority but 100.
On Monday those Judges elected at ths
recent election will take their seats on
the bench. Judge Kerrigan will bo as
signed to department 3, Judge Graham to
department 7 and Judge Slosa to depart
ment S, which will bo vacated by Judgs
Murasky, who will go to department 2.
Judge Coffey will transfer department 9
to, the courtroom occupied by Judge Daln
gerfleld. _
Court Notes.
CTapp and 9. P. Blumenberff, charge4
-with keeping: houses of 111 fame on Bacon
place, were called again in Judgo Frtu'j
court yesterday Captain Wittman a»ke<i
that tne case of Blumenberg be <11*
missed. as Elizabeth H. Dunn, better
known as Lillian Dale, was now the lesae^
of the cribe. She had been arrested and
the bail of $125 put up for Blumenberf had
been transferred for her release* Blu-
TE«nb«rg's case was dismissed, and th«
cases of Auguln. Clapp and Dunn war*
continued by consent till next Tuesday.
The warrant clerks say that la futur* la
all similar cases tho ball will be fixed by
them Instead of by the- Pollca Depart
ment, subject to their approval.
Ah Wing and Ah Poy, two of th« Chi
nese lottery dealers arrested Wednesday
and who had their ball forfeited, aa they
failed to appear in court, were arrested
on bench warrants and brought into
Judge Fritz's court yesterday. The Judg*
after hearing the evidence dismissed tha
cases, but the ball remains forfeited. The
police intimated they had been unable to
nnd Ah Lee, Ah Boo and Ah Lot. th*
three other defendants whose bail had;
been forfeited, and their case* wer« con
tinued till Tuesday.
TAXING VICE BY MEANS
OP POIJCE COTJE.T FHTE3
Small Progress Made In tho Cases ol
Lessees of Houses on Bacon
Place.
When th» cases of Ernest Auguln. R. I*
During the two years live new compa
nies of infantry were mustered in, oa«
each'at Woodland, Placer villa, Ldvermore,
Hanford and Anaheim.
The report says that by the increase oC
the national- appropriation from $400,000 ta
$1,000,000 for arming and equipping the cit
izen soldiers of the several States, Cali
fornia's allowance will be raised from
$7763 51 to $19,403 73. •*whlch amount, with,
the State appropriation, will enable tn«
adjutant general to greatly improve th»
equipment and efficiency of the National
Guard of this State."
The adjutant general recommend* that
members of the National Guard who
served as volunteers In the Spanish war
and re-enUsted in the militia be tfven the
credit of continuous service in the State
organization: that those officers on the re
tired list who entered tne volunteer ser
vice be, after discharge from the United
States service, restored to the retired list
with the rank held by them In the guard
at the time of enlistment in the volun
teers;' that an appropriation be made to>
compile and print 5000 copies of a history
and record of the California volunteers
In the Spanish-American war; that an ap
propriation be made to pay the claims or
companies B and D, Second Infantry, for
services In 1SS7. when sent to Colusa to
prevent the threatened lynching of Polrer.
This Is a claim for $455 37 for pay. trans
portation and subsistence. That the rules
and regulations be codifled and published,
as In some respects they are contradic
tory, in others ambiguous and confusing
and In -some cases obsolete and useless;
that machine gun batteries be organ
ized, one to be attached to each of th»
three brigades; that an appropriation b»
made sufficiently large for the guard to
go into camp for eight days each year;
that an emergency fund be established to.
be used for the pay. travel and subsist
ence of the guard when ordered out In
case of war, insurrection, rebellion or re
sistance to the execution of the laws or
the State, or for other necessary pur
pose, and that a State arsenal b« built at
Sacramento for the safe keeplng^of mili
tary stores and supplies; that a State ar
morer and storekeeper be appointed at a
salary of $60 per month, and that an ap
propriation of $50 a month for rent and
other expenses for each detachment of
the sanitary corps on duty with each of
the five regiments of infantry be made.
A meeting of the newly organized as
sociation of officers of the National Guard
•of California will be held In division head
quarters next Saturday night, when of3
cers will be elected and matters for tho
interest of the citizen soldiery will be dis
cussed.
Captain A. J. Kelleher. adjutant of tn«
Flret Infantry, who several weeks ago
tendered his resignation, has been placed
on the retired list.
An election for a lieutenant In Company
I Fifth Infantry, has been called for tn«
24th lnst.
The report of the adjutant general for
the two years ending June 80. 1900. has
been Issued. It Is a volume of 14* pages,
the smallest Issued In years. An excuse
for this Is that it was cut down by order
of the State Printer. At the date of th»
closing of the report the organtr.eq
strength of the guard was four troops oX
cavalry, fifty companies of Infantry, threa
signal corps and seven divisions of naval
militia, with the general officers and staff
officers, aggregating 4002 officers and men,
organized in one division and three bri
gades. The naval militia numbered at
that time 425 officers and men. Ther*
were 268 officers on the retired list.
The local officers of the National Guard
are very curious to know what recom
mendations Governor Gage win present
In bis message on the subject of the arm
ed force of the State. What he will offer
on that subject may In a measure affect
much proposed legislation. Among meas
ures which are talked of 13 one to hava
the legislative body make a request that
the War Dtpartment substitute Krag-
Jorgenson rifles for the old Sprmgflelds.
wltn which the guard Is at present arm
ed; another la to authorize the erectioa
of armories to be maintained by the coun
ties In which located, the same as Is don*
In the State of New York; a third pro
poses the organization of a regiment or
battalion of artillery to be located In Saa
t Francisco, and a fourth, the revision of,
the red book of rules and regulations.
Report of Adjutant General and Bee
ommendations Ha Hakes
for the Good of
Service.
Anxious to Know What the
Governor Will Have
to Say.
GUARDSMEN ARE
ALL GUESSING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 6, 1901.
30
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec !L 1900— Ths secretary
of the Fan Francisco Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum Society, situated on Haight street, hereby
Klves nctice that the following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have been received
et the institution from July L 1900, to Janu-
ary 1, 1901: Julia Reese. 14 yrs. 4 mos.; Annie
Haclke. 5 yrs. 11 mos.; Mary W. Peterson. 11
yre. S mos.; Mary P. Scott. 7 yrs. 6 mos.;
Mary E. Cummings. 4 jts. 4 mos.; Hilda Olsen.
12 yrs. 10 mos. ; Annie E. Zwaal, 6 yrs. 4 mos. ;
Herman Hanlke, 8 yrs. 8 mos.: Willie Ran-
kin. 14 sts. 9 mos.: Charles A. Peterson, 9
. yrs. S mos.; Hugh Cavanaugh, 7 yrs. 7 mos.;
Clarence Cavanausrh. 6 yrs. ; William J. Scott,
* yrs. I mos.; Edward Cummings, 8 yrs. J
mos.; Charles J. Zwaal, 6 yrs. 1 mo.; Harold
F. Elliot. 7 yrs.; John H. Hansen. 9 yrs. 2
mos. ; Richard J. Nicholdson. 7 yrs. 4 mos..
and Stewart II. Elliot. E yrs. S mos.
FREE clinics for the deserving poor will re-
open Feb. 1 at the Pacific Coast Regular Col-
lege of Medicine, SIS Howard st-. near
Fourth.
LADIES— Chlehester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; eafe-, reliable; take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladies" in letter by return mall; at drus;-
Klsts. Chichester Chemical Co., Phlladel., Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
41K Mentc-nm»rr rt.. rooms 9-10: tel. 6580.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DUIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 2S (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
cf the company. 327 Market st.. on and after
Thursday. January 10. 1901. Transfer books
closed Thursday. January ». 1901, at 3 o'clock
P- m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery sts.— For the six months ending
December 31. • 1900. dividends hai-e been de-
clared on deposits in the savings department
of this company as follows: On term de-
pcalts at the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per an-
num, and on ordinary deposits at the rats of
3 per cent per annum, free of taxes, and pay-
able ca and after Wednesday. January 2
19CL Dividends uncalled for are added to the
principal and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal from and after January L
1SCL J. DALZELL BROWN, Manager
lETKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
ZAZZI— In this city, January 4, 1901, Stephen
J.. dearly beloved son of John C. and Katie
Zazzl. brother of Elvira Zazzl. and grand-
son of Pietro and Teresa Zazzl and John De-
benedetti. a native of San Francisco, aged 5
years 4 months and 14 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
this day (Sunday), at 1:80 o'clock, from the
residence of his parents. 625 Greenwich street,
between Stockton and Dupont. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
commencing " at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. •
O*SHEA— In this city. January 6. 1801. Mar-
garet, beloved daughter of Mary and Corne-
llu « O'Shea, a native of San Francisco.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
PETERSON-In this city. January 2, 1901. Mary
A... beloved wife of George W. Peterson,
dearly beloved mother of George, Irene. Rob-
ert, Adelaide, Verna and Harold .Peterson and
the late Isabel Peterson, and beloved daugh-
ter of the late Daniel and Elizabeth O'NelL a
native of San Franoisco.
/J E3r 7 >he will take place this day
(Sunday), at S:S9 o'clock, from her late resl-
denc«, 263 Clinton Park, thence to Mission
mi "?* Cnurch . where a requiem high mass
»y be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. ' . . ." t . ;-
R0 ,BERTS-In this city, January 5. 1901, Rob-
and ! a native of Wales, aged 66 years
?..^T F / le P da . ana acquaintances are respect-
Jg "y Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Theo. Dlerks. 957 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
b?^? 1 ?"; 111 *T"Htvale. Cal., January 6. 1301.
Samuel L. Rogers, a native of the United
States, aged 73 years.
S1^ T , H ,~ In thU clt^ January 4. 1901. Llsile
a native of Missouri. a«ed So years.
T ,F\" ema! ns at Metzler's funeral parlors, 636
«ashlnston ctrwt.
S^ A^P~"i n thls clt y- January 3. 1901. Augusta
A. Staud, beloved mother of Fred. Frank and
J- »I. Staud. Mrs. G. P. Theller and Mrs. W.
n^ti" 111^^ 1 ' ana slste r of Fredrick Traut, a
rr^2 f ° erm any, aged 52 years and 3 days.
r,,ii t . 8 and acquaintances are respect-
fS,, * in Y lted to atten <i the funeral this day
<? u ° da -Y,>- at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
n ? % ?' "^Nineteenth street. Interment I. i
O. O. F. Cemetery.
STEINER-In this city. January S. 1901. Paul
F. E.. dearly beloved husband of Martha A.
fctetner, and brother of Herrman. Christopher
and George. .Hofstetter and Mrs. Emille La-
fournette. a native of MarysviUe, Cal., aged
SZ years 9 months and 18 days.
.SOUTH San Francisco Parlor No. 157, N. S.
£»,¦ * v -—Members are hereby notified to assem-
ble at Maeonio Hall, Tuesday, January 8 at
1 o clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother. P. F. E. Stelner.
_. -,.__, BD J. TAAFFE. President.
D. HARRINGTON, Rec. Sec.
TAUSSIG— in this city, January 6, 1901, Louis,
beloved husband of Annette Tausslg, and
father of Mrs. Henry Mltau of Sacramento,
CaJ.. a red £3 years.
,»?- r T he L fun eral will take plac« to-morrow
(Monday) at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2127 California street. Funeral strictly
Private. Positively no flowers,
WALKER— In this city. January 4. 1901. Fred,
beloved husband of Franzesco Walker, and
brother of John and Joseph Walker, a na-
tive of Switzerland, aged 40 years.
WHIPPLE— In Oakland, January 4, 1901. Lucy
M.. wife of Stephen B. Whlpple of 1005 Cali-
fornia street. Saji Francisco, a native of Mas-
sachusetts, aged 67 years 5 months and 17
aajs.
WIGGINS— In this city. January 5. 1901. Wil-
liam H. Wiffglns Jr.. beloved husband of Jen-
P. ** w 'SKln«. father of Edward P.. Wli-
W^i. H- and J> L - Wiggins, and oldest son of
William H. and Sarah F. Wiggins, a native
of San Francisco, aged 40 years 2 months and
21 days.
A. SPARKS.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. A dividend. No. 25, of seventy-
five cents f.oc) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the- company. 4S0 Califor-
nia street. San Francisco, on January 10 1901.
Transfer books close January 3. 1901. at 'noon.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAnLAyP LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE
AX ELTOANT BUSINESS CHA1CCE.
C.7M — Entlr* furniture and rood will of s
very select is-roorn prlnte boarding an£
lodglnjr house; right down town; folly occu-
pied; a splendid paying proposition; must b<
•old Immediately.
CEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOL'SEKEEPI.VG.
BARTLETT. 414— < eunr.y connecting house-
keeping rooms; elnk and bath. .: .
BRODERICK. CS-Two or three neatly fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; reasonable.
DEVISADERO. 1211V4— S or 4 handsomely fur-
nished tunny rms. for housekeeping. $12 or 115.
T*ITTH. 24S— Furnished and housekeeping:.
FIFTH. S£3— Furnished for housekeeping, dou-
ble parlors, kitchen, bath. {20; also single 55.
KOLSOM. S34 — Sunny front bay-window room
«_'i3 kitchen; bath; modern conveniences;
private; 13 week.
FOURTH. ZZ— Rooms suitable for light house-
keeping; also t'.:.g:e.
FREMONT. 304— Hous?keep!ng, furnished or
ur.rur:. •:>;¦¦• -2: also tingle and double rooms
fcr gentlemen.
GROVE. 304 — Tbree unfurnished rooms for
fcouseke*p!n£.
HYDE, 40S— Sunr.y front parlor suite. {3; also
suite suitable tor S, $20; basement suite, $12.
JESSIE. 3£3, near Emporium — Furnished rooms.
JS; housekeeping, 1$.
IaAKKIN. EM-Two hack rooms furnished for
housekeeping, fll; double room, Si.
liEAVENW'ORTH, 1503 — T*o sunny rooms for
housekeeping; use cf kitchen and bath.
MARTHA place, 3, off Geary, near Mason— 2
sunny rooms; convenient; reasonable.
MARTHA place, 4. err Geary, bet. Mason and
Taylor— 2 eunny furnished for housekeeping.
JCOH. 153—4 connecting rooms: lower flat; sun
all day; gas range: errate: yard; $15.
OAK. SI— Front may room; running water
and set
OAK. 119 — One very sunny room, furnished for
housekeepins; «ove. closet, water; JS.
POLK, £22— Unfurnished ana furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
POST, 972 — Four r.ewly furnished housekeeping
rooms, with batb; call 1-3. 7-8 p. m.
EECOND. 212— Newly furnished; reasonable and
respectable; very convenient and quiet.
¦WASHINGTON. 1C1— Four housekeeping
rooms; stationary tube; good yard; rent J15.
I NICE unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
Apply l'C'l Mission St.. corner Thirteenth.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
ecbecriptlons has been established at 10.-5
Valencia tt.
CLASSIFIED aflvertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2100 Fillmore st.
ROOMS TO LET — Knrn. and I'nfarn.
AHLBOrtN HOTEL. S21 Grant" ave.— Beet dol-
lar a day family botel in city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
roome J>0c up: first-class meals 2Bc; free coach.
JL— BRUNSWICK House, lis Sixth— Rooms 25c
to f: per night; tl £5 t-> Sa p«r week, and light
housekeeping; open ail night.
ASH ave., 11 off Larkin-Sunny front bay-
window room nicely furnished; gentlemen
pretcrred.
BURNETT. 1426. Market (old No. 1SC4)— Fur-
nished rms.. sdtes, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. CIO <The E!k>— Nicely furnished eunny
rms; day. I£e up: *k., Jl 60 up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
CLARA, 141A— Two large front rooms for 1 or
t gentlemen,
""CLINTON." IT Polk. nr. Mkt.— rinely fura.,
en suite, single; reasonable; hot. cold Wd.ter.
EDDT, E10— Nicely furnished room and office,
with running water, suitable for a doctor;
epl«ndid locs-ticn.
FOLSOil, EI3— Large bJLy-wlndow front room,
nicely furnished with all conveniences, for
2 gentlemen; private family.
FOLSOM, E?4— SI lb week; eunny front furnished
room; closet, bath; private.
GEART. 4<?5<The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
nns; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 409 — Small sunny room;
double bed; closet: gu: S7.
GOLDEN Gtte ave.. £22— 1 e'.ngle sunny front
room; clean and comfortable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission ets. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
eingle; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HAYES. 4CS— Or.e larg* room, furnished cr un-
furnished.
LA? PAI.MAS, 1820 Market et.— Suite or 2 or 3
nnf; private: bath; sin. rms; board optional.
LEWIS pla'-e. IS— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let: eir.rle or en puite.
SriNXA, =3T. bet. S3 anfi 4th (New Tork House)
P;ng!e, ficmbie and housekeeping rooms.
31INXA, €CT. ccmer Eighth— Nicely furnished
bay-w:n<!ow room. $1 per wsek; transient.
STEW ARLINGTON. 1C15 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; y>c a day up.
OTARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
cfflc*F; elevator: electric liirtits; day. wt. mo.
PINE. H<0— New Sat; private family: back par-
lor: r.5; large e'Ae room $10; gentlemen.
POST. «S1— Surny room. 19, furnished; $7 unfur-
nished; Protegtuttt Christians preferred.
POST. 643— A bay-window alcove famished
room; running- water.
r.OPKDALE House. 813-SI1 Ellis St.— Rooms,
niirht. ISc to II; week. Jl 25 to U; open night.
KOTAL House. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent light;
rcadins-rocm, emoking-room and lades' par-
lor; rooms, per night. ISc to $1 50: week. $2 to
$$; month. SS to J20: elevator on rround floor;
rooms with hot and ool<5 water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— FurniFhfd or unfurnished.
BXTH, R8. corner Shipley — Sunny front room
by private family; suitable for two.
PTEVENSON. amB— Lady wishes a few more
roomers, with or without board.
EVTTER, 2SC6 — Changed hands; newly reno-
vated: sinp'.e rooms. JS: rultrs. $12 to $25 mo.
CTTTER. "S-Oir.venient, well-furnished Iront
offices or de«irab!e living rocms.
SITTTEP.. TIT. nr. Taylor— Sunny, choice. Jll;
appreciated if seen; baths; please investigate.
FCTTER, 9S5. corner Hyde (The Iowa)— Nicely
furnished room: also parlor suite; reasonable.
Ti-'RK, ITS— Furnished room suitable for gen-
tleman, $5 per month.
VALENCIA. US— Sunny furnished front bay-
window room; suitable for 2; apply upper Cat.
VALENCIA, ires, near Tweaty-flrst— Nice room
for gentleman, ?2 £0.
A. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S«
Valencia *t.
ROOMS AXD DOARD.
AT the olfl Stevenson mans'on, opp. -Grace
Church, with annex S07 California st. may
b« found a most exceptionally good table at-
. tractive sni s'rhtly rooms at modest rates.
ROOMS A\D BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG man Just discharged from army would
like room arid board; home comforts; will
TT m advance. Bjx ?C7. Call office.
ROOMS WAVTEtt
MOTHER and rrown son want private apart-
ment or flat of S or 4 partly furnished rooms-
modcrr.: rc-as'.natle; ptrmanent. Box SS3. Call.
SEWIXG MACHI.\ES A\D SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bonght, sold and repairing guaran^
Ued. Charles Plambeck. 1S15 Mission, nr. 15th.
> LL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1U4. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, solfl rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 6.
STORAGE A\D WAREHOUSES.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 7C2.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st. •
tel. Main IMP; shipping at cut rates. *
SLOT MACHINES.
ELOT machine*— Latest style; $40 each. 1167
Market ct.. bet. Seventh and Elrhth.
TELcPHONES ~~~~
TELEPHONES, house or private lines, $4 60 a
¦et; electrical work Installed. ISM Pt. Lobos.
TrjPE WRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TY PgWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in th« city; rentals, $J. The Typewriter
Exchange, m California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAT0 bargains in typewriters; any make.
Write for price* to L. * M. ALEXANDER,
XI© Mixugomerr I
JOHNSON — In Valley Kord. Eonoma. County,
December 30. 1900, to the wife of John John-
son, a daughter.
KORTS— In this city, January 1. X90L to the
wife of Henry Korts, a daughter.
CXEIL-In this city. January 3. 1901, to the
wife of Thomas H. CNeil. a son.
ECHRAMM— In this city, January 1, 190L to
the wife of Karl Schramm, a son.
SHACKELTON— In this city, January 8. 1901.
to the Trtfe of William Peter Shackelton, a
daughter.
TAYLOR— In this city. January 1, 1301, to the
wife of L. A. Taylor, a eon.
BORN.
HENRT— In this city. December 23. 1900. to the
wife of George J. Henry Jr., a daughter.
JOHNSON— In Bodeea, Sonoma County, De-
cember 23, 1900, to the wife of A. B. John-
Birth, marriage and death notice* sent by
mail will nbt be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offlces and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
The following irarri&ge licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Nicolas Klcr>. 3G, 1224 Vallejo street, and
Christine Adam, 29. 1224 Vallejo street.
Cleto Croce. IS, 1237 Stockton street, and Lou-
isa T. Mantl. S2, 426 Francisco street.
James P. Furlong. 21, 17 Verona street, and
Margaret M. Buckley. IS. 45 Clementina street.
Alfred J. H. Junateuf. 28. 129 Eddy street,
and Emlrentla A. H. Hanson. 26. 12S Eddy st
Carlos MonelEvals, 60, 1362 Vallejo street, and
Andrea Hernandez, 15, 13S2 Vallejo street.
John Wikman. 40. 1110 Steiner street, and
Minnie M. Blass. 24, 23S1 California street.
Charles T. Corbin. 2C. 605 Post street, and
Cora M. Burrell, 22. Napa.
Charles W. Jackson, 49, Famoso, and Mary
L. Rodgers, 23. 1133 Guerrero Btreet.
William L. Whelan. 21. 16 Erie street, and
Alice H. Alford. 18. Watsonville.
Giovanni Ferrari. 30, S31 Broadway, and Maria
Borella, 21. 731 Vallejo street.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
ACKERMAN— DREYER— In Ukiah, December
23, 1SO0, Charles A. Ackerman of Ukiah and
Elizabeth E. Dreyer of Oakland.
SCHROEDER— WEISS — In this city, January
2, 1901, by the Rev. J. FUendellng, Nlkolaus
Schroeder of San Francisco and Gretchen
Weiss of Siege. Contra Costa County, Cal.
WILSON— FITZPATRICK— In this city. De-
cember 23, 1900, by the Rev. Feather McDon-
nell of St. Peter's Church. John Wilson of
Dover, Me., and Cecelia, eldest daughter ot
Mr. and Mrs. Fltzpatrick of San Francisco.'
MARRIED.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at S:45 o'clock, from the family
residence. 1S13 Pierce street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by train leaving Third and
Townsend streets at 11:80 o'clock.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Monday). at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1819 Addison street. Berkeley, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, Berkeley, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of h«r soul, commencing at 10
o'clock sharp. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery.
BRAHAM— In Manila, P. I., October I. 183S.
Edward Braham. late of Company E, First
California U. 8. A. Infantry, beloved grand-
son of Mrs. Kate Braham, and cousin of The-
resa Farrell. Alice Hennlg and Arthur Felne,
a native ot San Francisco, aged 23 years and
2 days.
BRUNNER— In this city, January 4. isoi.
Jacob A. Brunner, beloved father of A. L.,
Henry, Clara, Johanna and Helen Brunner
and Mrs. Lee Jacobs, a native of Austria,
a^-ed SO years and 7 months.
ANDERSON— In thU city, January t, 1301,
Hazel Anderson, a native of -San Francisco,
a;red 9 months.
C Remains at Metzler's funeral parlor*, 636
Washington street.
ATKINS— In Alameda, January >, JiOl, Lillian
Anna, beloved daughter of Charles and Eliza-
beth Atkins, and granddaughter of Mrs. Mar-
garet Harklns, a native of San Francisco,
aged IS years 6 months and I day.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 219 Pacific avenue. Alameda,
thence by 12 o'clock creeJt boat. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. San Francisco.
BLACK— In Berkeley, January <, 1901. Miss
Mary Black, dearly beloved sister of James
1=". Black, Mrs. Elizabeth Flaker. the late
Daniel J. Elack and the late Mrs. Margaret
Christy of Charleston, Mass., a native of
County Antrim. Ireland.
DIED.
Anderson. Hasel Kllllnger. John A.
Atkins. Ulllan A. Krumbeck. Minna
Black. Miss Mary Legasse. Annie
Braham. Edward Levingston.' EJmanu»l
Brunner. Jacob A. Logan. Maria
Caen. Mrs. Flora McCarthy. John
Chapman. Caroline Meeks. J. F.
Cleary. Catherine Muck. John
Connolly. Ann O'Malley. Ann
Dahl. Georte J. O'Shea, Margaret
Delury. Elizabeth Peterson. Mary A.
Dorg;eloh. Carl E. Roberts. Robert
Dotter. Mary C. Rogers, Samuel L.
Fischer. Gottlobe Smith. Lizzie
Ham berg, Amy I*. Staud, Augusta A.
Hare, Joseph T. Stelner. Paul r. E,
Haueer. Leo Tausslg. Louis
Hoelscher. Fanny Walker. Fred
Jeffrey. Bert Whlpple, Lucy M.
Kelley. Annie WlrglnB. Wm. H. Jr.
Kenney, Susie Van A. Zazrl. Stephen J
Kllday. Bridget
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Eucceseor to Flannagan & Qallajcher.)
'¦ DANIEL. P. DONOVAN. Mr?.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKRS.
20 Fifth et., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
n and 2S Fifth «t Tri. South in.
ZUNEBAI, DIRECTORS AND XXBALXEB8.
Dne»t Equipment at Moderate R«.t»>.
Extraordinary Values in New High Grade
Black Silks
While our buyers were in New York last fall special preparations were made for a black silk
sale which is to begin to-morrpw morning, January 7th, and continue throughout the week. At
this sale you will find a collection of clean, fresh, choice black silks at prices that will surprise the
most critical buyers, as the magnitude of this order enables us to save fully one quarter of the
value. Following are the weaves and prices and upon investigation you will find that no similar
opportunity has ever been offered in this city.
/Black Taffeta Black Satin de Lyon
36 inches wide worth 1.25 sale price 1.00 yard Black Satin de Lyon
Black Guaranteed Italian Taffeta (Extra Heavy Weights) I*.
20 inches wide worth $1.00 sale price $ 82 yard 20 inches wide worth $1.25 sale price $1 00 yard
21 inches wide worth 1.10 sale price 88 yard 21 inches wide worth 1.65 sale price 1 <>5 yard
26 inches wide worth 1.35 sale-price- 1.10 yard '".•'--.* *
r>i 1 r> j o • Black Faille Francaisc
Black Peau de Soie 20 inches wide worth $ 95 sale price $ 75 yard
19 inches wide worth $1.00 sale price $ 78 yard 21 inches wide worth 1.10 sale price 85 yard
20 inches wide worth 1.25 sale price 94 yard r>i 1 •
24 inches wide worth 1.75 sale price 1.25 yard Black Faille Francaisc
Black Satin Duchesse . h (*»» IW Wdgto)
Tn . . . . ,, • , 21 inches wide worth $1.25 sale price SI. 00 yard
11 i| wS r t h h ? . 11 ill * 1 j§ 2i '— wwe -* II p"« II y>«
22 inches wide worth 95 sale price 75 yard Black Gros Grain
Black Satin Duchesse Black Satin Rhadame
» inches M&;^% e S ,oo yard % wide woS $ ,Vo safe gig * g £3
27 inches wide worth 1.65 sale price 1.25 yard y
Black Armure . . Black L ° ui^
.9 inches wide worth S 8 5 sale price S 60 yard % "* W Wl *" """ $lM
21 inches wide worth 9s sale price 75 yard Black Poplin '-
23 inches wide worth 1.10 sale price 88 yard « inches wide worth $i. 7s sa.e price S 1.25 yard
Our January Clearance Sale
Ifi^i^rll^'lll Outa " our ° dd Iine *° f llfH si|l «t Price, lower than
S5 an^'^tsi. 1 ?or k * affeta WaiStSi " blaCk a ? d ~'W tucked and stitched and Hned throughout, worth
Tremendous Reductions in Odd Sizes of
Underwear and Hosiery
We are sacrificing all our odd sizes in ladies' and children's hosierv anH *™A~*,.**
P^^our annual stock taking, having marked them at pS,' ft^ "a^y
..-- - ' )
Endows for styles and prices. Write for our illustrated cataln^ -3^
CAEN— In this city, January 4. 1901, at 8 a. m.,
Mrs. Flora Caen, widow or the late Jacob
Caen, mother of Joseph, David. Julius, Mar-
tha and the late Mortis Caen, sister of the
late Helman and Simon, Samuel, Solomon,
laldor and Benhart Isaacs, and aunt oX Ida
and Jce Isaacs, & native of Kurnlck, Ger-
many, aged 41 years and 11 months. •
(CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 647 Lombard street. Members of Au-
rora Lodge No. 202, K. and L. of H.. and the
First Ladles' Hebrew Benevolent Association
will please take notice to attend. Interment
New Salem Cemetery.
CHAPMAN— In Oakland, January 6, 190L Caro-
line S., beloved wife of the late A. P. Chap-
man, and mother of A. F. and the late C.
XV. Chapman, a native of Connecticut, aged
80 years 1 month and IS dnye.
E^N'otice of funeral In Monday's papers.
CLEARY— In this city. January 4, 1901, Cather-
ine Cleery. beloved wife of the late Bernard
Cleary. and mother of Kittle Cleary, a native
of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 4S years.
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 42H Juniper street, off Folsom. be-
tween Tenth and Eleventh, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.'
commenclnr at S o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CONNOLLY— In this city, January 3, 1901, Ann.
beloved wife of Thomas Connolly, and mother
of Thomas F. Connolly Jr., a native of Long-
ford. Ireland, aged 6S yea re.
(C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:20 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to Holy Cross Church. Eddy street, for ser-
vices. ¦ Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DAHL— In this city, January 4, 1901, George J .
beloved husband of Martha S. Dahl. a native
of Germany, aged 80 yeara 11 months and 4
days.
tL^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
at the residence. 724 and 726 California street,
at 3 o clock. Interment Stockton Monday.
DELTTRY— In this city. January 4. 1901. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of George Delury. and
mother of James, George, William, Jeremiah,
Daniel, Mary, Kate and Thomas Delury, Mrs.
J. R. Chambers and the late John M. Delury.
a native of Tralee. County Kerry, Ireland,
aged 66 years 2 months and 2 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 911 Folsom street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
eoul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DORGELOH— In this city, January 4, 1901. Carl
E., dearly beloved son of Martha and the late
Claus Dorgeloh, and loving brother of Mrs.
J. H. Brown and Mathilda and Frederick
Dorgeloh. a native of San Francisco, aged 18
years 6 months and 11 days.
(?>¦ Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence o
his mother, 1304 Page street, near Lyon. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DOTTER-In this city, January 5, 1901, at 1302
Pine street, Mary C, beloved mother of Mrs.
K. Hammer, Mrs, C. H. Edwards, Mrs. E. J.
Donnelly and Rose and William Dotter. a
native of Mexico, aged 75 years and C months.
ICT Notice of funeral hereafter.
FISCHER— In this city. January 3. 1901. Gott-
lobe,- beloved husband of Margaret Fischer,
and father of Henry A.. Edward E. and
Adolph J. Fischer. Mrs. M. Moore and the
late Mrs. F. L. Leeper of Angels Camp, a
native of Bavaria, Germany, aged 6S years 1
month and 25 days.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from tho mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
HAMBERG — In this city. January 4, 1901, Amy
L.. dearly beloved daughter of Olaf F. and
Hanna Hamberg, and sister of Anton F. and
Olaf J. Hamberg, a native of San Francisco,
aged 7 years S months and 20 days.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
tho parents. 26 Cuvier street, off Mission road.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HARJE3— In this city, January 4, 1901, Joseph T.
Hare, a native of Ohio, aged 72 years and 26
days.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Hall, South San Francisco, under the auspices
of South San Francisco Lodge No. 212, F. and
A. M.
HAUSER— In this city. January 4, 1901, Leo,
dearly .beloved and only son of Chris and
Sophie Hauser. and brother of Frieda Hau-
eer. a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years
and 27 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 635B Minna street, between
Seventh and Elghih. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
HOELSCHER— In this city. January 4. 1901.
Fanny, dearly beloved wife of Frank Hoel-
ecber, and sister of Mrs. J. H. Read and Wil-
liam, Joseph and Michael Golden, a native of
Qulncy, Mass., aged S8 years and 12 days.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
JEFFREY— In Santa Cruz. January 5. 1901,
Uert Jeffrey, a native of California, aged £9
year3.
E7" Interment at Santa Clara, January 7.
KELLEY— In Antioch, December 29, 1900,
Annie, beloved wife of W. HT KeJley. and
daughter of Mrs. A. Burns, a native of San
Francisco, aged 87 years.
KENNEY— In, this city, January 4, 1901, Susie
Van Arsdale Kenney, beloved wife of John
J. Kenney, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. G. W.
Albertl, and sister of F. J.. L. B., M. V.. a.
F. and Ida Alberti. a native of Yuba City,
aged 22 years 8 months and 21 days.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 38 Eleventh street. Interment private.
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KJLDAY— In this city. January 14, 1D01. Brid-
get, beloved wife of the late Edward Kllday,
and beloved mother of Frank Kilday. Mrs.
Annie McComb, Mrs. B. A. Gilson and the
late Edward A. Kilday; a native of Ireland,
ared 72 years.
O" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-raorrow
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, 223 Eleventh street, thence
to Et. Joseph's Church for services, commenc-
ing at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. \
KILLINGER— In this city. January 3. 1901, at
his residence. 232 Thirteenth street, between
Mission and Howard, John A. Killlnger,
dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth Killin-
gs r, and beloved father of Louisa and Lldla
Killlnger. a native of Wurtemberg. Germany,
aged 71 years 8 months and 8 days.
£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 232 Thirteenth street, between How-
ard and Mission. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, by electric car from Fourteenth
and Mission streets at 2:30 o'clock.
KRUMBECK— In this city, January 3. 1901.
Minna, dearly beloved wife of C. Krumbeck,
a native of Germany, aged 61 years.
E?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1709 Eddy street, between Pierce and
Hyde. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
electric funeral car from Eighteenth anl
Guerrero streets.
LEGASSE— In this city, January 4. 1901, Annie
beloved mother of William P. and Joeephlne
Lecassa. a native of County Meath, Ireland,
aged 65 years. *
B7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday-), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 12 Adam street, off Army, thence to
St. Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
hlirh mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. -¦_'
1EVINGSTON— In this city, January 6. 1901,
Emanuel Levlmrston, beloved father of Mrs
E. W. Bicbel and Bailie, Harry and Lafay
Levlngston and Isl Levtnnton of Honolulu, a
native of Germany, aged 80 years 6 months
and 18 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1C:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1023 Bush street. Interment Home of
Peace . Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
LOGAN— In this city, January — . 1901, Maria,
wife of Edward Losan. mother of Mary, An-
nie and Edward Logan, and daughter of the
late Arthur and Anna McMahon. a native i.f
Virginia, County Cavan, Ireland, aged <2
years.
CyNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mis-
sion street.
MeCABTHY— In this city, January 6. 1901, John
McCarthy, a native of the parish of Knock-
drew, County Limerick, Ireland, aged 61 years
6 months and 7 days.
MEEKS— In St. Helena, January g, 1901, j. p.
beloved husband of Lizzie Meeks, and father
of ¦ Everett Meeks, a native . of Farina 111
aged 32 years and < days.
IC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company 405
Powell street, near Post, under the auspices
of Modoc Tribe No. 57. Impd. O. R. M. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MUGGK— In this city, January 4, ijol John,
beloved husband of Mary A. Mugge am)
father of Mrs. D. Denaxtlnl and Mary Rosie
Henry, Amelia and Annie Mugge, a natlva of
Germany, aged 45 years. ...„".*";
£7Fnends and acquaintances are resnert-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from St. Patrick's
Church. Mission street, between Third and
Fourth. Interment ~ Holy Cross Cemetery
Remains at the parlors of Halsted St Co S48
Mission street. ' "°
CM ALLEY— In this city. January 8, 1901 Ann
beloved wife of Charles O' Mai ley, a natlveof
the parish of Six-Mile Bridge, County Clare
Ireland, aged 70 years. (Boston papers pleaso
"; CTFrieads and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Sfc Fair Oaks street. fc*nce to St.
Jam e« Church, where a requiem high mass
V4U U o*fefente4 Car th» repose of fier soul.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Horn*
Society b«r*by tivee notice that they have
admitted Into the Orphanage from July X. 1800,
to December 31, 1900, the following named or-
phans and half -orphans, boys and glrla:
Katie Stein, 12 yn. 2 mos.: Julia Stein. 10 yrs.
E mos.; Ida Stein. 8 yre. 3 mos.; A. H. Frank.
11 yrs. 9 mos.; Edna Frank. 10 yrs.; Freder-
ick Bebergall, 10 yrs. 9 mm.; Dora Levy. 9
yrs. 7 mo*. ; Louis Levy. 7 yrs. 10 mot. ; Jacob
Shaphran, '10 yrs. S mos.; Sam Shaphran, 8
yrs.; Annie Ehaphran, 6 yrs. 2 mos.; Esther
Forman, 10 yrs. 6 mos.; Etta Forman. 7 yrs.
6 mos.; Bertha Forman. 6 yrs. t mos. ; Mollle
Forman, I yrs. | mos. ; Frank Shaphran, 4 yrs.
S mos.; Mary Laser, 8 yrs. S mos.; Augusta
Laser, t yrs. 11 mos.; Cella Twiner. 10 yrs. 9
mos.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage, E20 Lake St., San Francisoo, Cal.,
has received the following orphans, one-half
orphan and abandoned girls from Oct. 1.
1900, to Jan. 1, 1901: Elizabeth M. Godwin, 8
years 4 months: Mabel Godwin, 7 years 6
months: Grace E. Godwin, 5 years: Hildreth
Clark. 13 years: Lillian E. Wood. 11 years 2
months; Ethel Wood. 8 years 7 months; Lau-
ra Schulti, 9 years « months; Myrtle Medlcn,
11 years 2 months; Hazel W. West, S years;
Zerneene E. Blyth, 9 years 6 months; Edith
M. Clothier, 13 years 7 months; Ruth
Clothier. 3 years B months.J D Newton & w. Sac
F Paterson, S-Juan
F II McCorrctl. Cal
Q W Towle, Towle :
G Wright, Alaraeda
C B Greenwrtl, Cal
R Halsey, S Jose
A A Tiege'dogo. Cal
R D Spencer, Chicago
W E Cummlnss/ L A
A C Hp aid, Boston
Mrs Heald, Boston
A J Whitney & w. Cal
D A Depue, w & c.
Salt Lake. t s94MB|
P Smeed, Petaluma
J D O'Meara. S Rosa
Irs Towle. Towle
W A Sleep, Grass Val
W Thomas. Grass Val
R Cllne, L Ans
W F Parker, L Ans
GIT Tro-wbridsrc. L A
Stella Drain, Stockton
a Elliott & w. Portld
J W Owingr. Cal
Mrs w A Davis. Seat
C D Buck. Minn
E Johnson, .Seattle
E C Brewston. Boston
W Westcott Alaska
C E Wllber. Portland
O Spenc-r. Spencer
H Brockman. Salt Lk
B'H Decker, Nevada
J Westcott, 8 Rosa
C n Kaiser, Reno
J L Bryson. . Stockton
Mrs Wilson. S Jos*
Miss Spooner, S Jose
M Gllletpie. L Ang
W Grosvenor. N Dak
G W Smith, N Dak
A L Harris & vr. Cal
H Lowanskl, N Y
W Thornton Cal
J Sullivan. R Vista
T L Gates. Vacarille
D B Derby, Vacavllle
"VV Wagner, Chicago
,L O Halght, Redlands
PALACE HOTEL.
C A Tuttle. Colusa : •'
Mrs McLaren. Colusa -
J 8 Elliot.' Menlo
Mrs D M Delmas.S Jse
Miss Oelmas. S Joss
J W .Winston. It Auk
R' Harris.-Los 1 ' Angeles
B Cawston. Cal
W P Hammon.Orovlll*
E T Wallace. Yreka
B L Ilowe, Chtcaso ¦-"
Mrs Howe, Chicago
O A Hurrhes, Seattltt •
Mrs Hughes. Seattle
R M Donovan, Portlnd
J P .Treadwell. S Clara
Miss Treadwell. S ara
R Watson. Stanford
F T lireene. Iowa .
O Don worth. .Seattle
B Crowd 1, Ohio
W W Rldenour. Mich
C R Btewart, 8 Diego
P K Ollrian. Stanford
F" B Smith. New York
A McBrlds, ' Nano.
J F Watson, Chicago
W H Becker. Peorla
Mrs P L Shumsn. Chgo
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
'. LONDON,' Jan. 5.~Th» •wool market ; during
the ' week was firm, j but quieter, owing ' to the
London Wool Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan, 6.— Wheat V4o higher nnd a
better demand. BlUestem., 68c; club, 65Hc.
. Cleared— Steamer Kuisow for St Vincent
with 182,233 bushels wheat; ehip Scottish Isles'
with H2.I535 bushels wheati ship Alice/with
119,326 . bushels wheat, both Tor Queenstown.
PORTLAND, Jan. "6.— In the local wheat
market the future: had been pretty well dis
counted and some of the exporters were less In
clined to elevate prices than they were • last
Monday before the temporary setback occurred
Kor Walla Walla E5*£<&:5Cc was ¦ quoted. ¦ ..... ¦ ..'
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Jan. 5.— Clearings, (360,915; bal
ances, 551,551. -
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK.. Jan. B.— In the' absence of ad
vices from foreign sources the local metal mar
ket was void of special features to-day. Specu
lation was almost entirely lacking, but the
bcom tn Btocks helped to establish a healthy
undertone ¦ to the general list, though prices
wera without quotable change at the close of
business. Copper was quiet at »17 for Lake
Superior and $10 62":4 for casting and electro
lytic. Lead. |4 37H. Tin was quiet and nomi
nally quoted at $26 60. . Spelter, easy at yes
terday's decline to $4 10@4 15, while the iron
markets were about steady but dull on the
basis of $3 6O®10 50 for plfrlron warrants.
Northern foundry SlSBie 50, Southern foundry
(15 4O$15 75 and soft Southern H3g 12 73.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Feb. Mar. May.
Opening '.... 6 2% ' 6 3',i
Closing « 2% 6 3Vi
Wheat— ' Jan. Mar. -June.
Opening 19 65 20 85
(posing 19 C5 20 85
v Flour—
Opening 25 60 2G 80
Closing 25 40 26 63
New York Metal -Market.
STANISLAUS RIVER AT OAKDALE
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT JEI.LYS FERRY
SAN JOAQUIN RIVER AT HERN DON
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN
New York Stock Market.
?>i:vr TORK, Jan. 8.— Speculators Jumped
Into the clock market this morning and put
prices Into a state of violent effervescence.
They culckly eklnm3«d the froth at the top
level cf prices to take profit* and attracted so
large a following to the selling tide that the
eer.satlonal opening rains were mostly wiped
out beTcm tte close and in all ca*e« greatly'
reduced. After a day <* violent excitement at
exceedingly wld* fluctuations the market was
decidedly easy in tone at the close and at a
level eeneraily below laet sight. There were
eorue important exception* and there were a
¦ouTO'ber of ?•;:.• mc-ile rallies of weak stocks on
covering by s-horts. It was a speculator s day,
pur« and elrr.;j!e, and whatever subEtantial con
siderations niay have been behind the buying
demand, they were almo6t completely lost Eight
cf In a fremy of speculative excitement. No
fry was too wild cr Improbable to gain
ready credence. The growth of the conviction
c: •. St. Paul Is to ; a-f- to the control of the
Northern transcontinental lines has made the
eriecuiative minds <?;¦¦¦•» to almost anything: In
the way of rumors regarding railroad combina
tions. Capitalists who hav« been Influential in
the £:. Paul deal are sur^osed to have addi
tional far-reaching plans. These supposed
plans were made the basis of to-day's extra
ordinary movement. The authorized announce
m«r.t before the close that J. P. Morgan & Co.
hsd secured control of the Central Railroad of
New Jersey in the Interest of the Reading Com
pany offered Eonie basis for the rumors current.
Tte Heading stocks were most prominent !n the
rpc-.lrg cpurt of prices, the first preferred
tnounticg I x>oints, the a«con>} preferred J~4 and
the common 6%. The extreme advance in New
Jersey Central was 5"*. In the heavy buying
at the opening there were advances also of 4
points tn Missouri Pacific.. 3*£ In St. Paul, »•*
tn Erie first preferred, 2Vi In Erie common, 3
In Erie second preferred and tK in Rock Island.
Gales of from 1 to 2 points were numerous all
through tte list. The eagerness of the selling
to take profits caused sudden and violent de
clines, successive sales Jn #ome cases clipping
a half to a -point from prices, until they were
carried bitck to last eight's level or below.
Meantime, th»r« was a growing weakness in
eujrar, Tennwg^ coai, the Rubber stocks and
•oral other induitrlals. Th* feverish excitement
on the floor of the exchange was Indescribable.
With prices In a *tat<> of wild fluctuation the
KOSt of Jnisecurlty became overwhelming. Vio
lent advances were follow^ by wide relapses
aod as sudden recoveries. The evid?nt inotabii-
Hj of Drtces Increased th» dlFpositlon to eell.
••• ". tb« favorable bank statement was taken
bCvant&ge of to further unload. St. Paul re
fccted 04 from the tcp; New Jersey Central 4-
Northern Pacific 3!4. and Pennsylvania, 3U.
The Reading stocks showed 2 to 3 points net
Cain for the day; Baltimore and Ohio, 3<Ji; New
Jersey Ontral, 2*i. and Missouri Pacific, l"i
OtbenrlM there was nothing important on the
*!5e of cains and the list present* a ragged line
Of net lorars.
NE*VT YORK STOCK LIST.
H-aret Cosing
Cold. Stock— I Bid.
/.:•!.¦¦:; 4C>4
Atchitf>n prrtd ? &,%
lialtiraore &. Ohio 8S%
'"anadian Pacific ..' 51J4
'"eneda .Southern '.*. .' £C*^
<'b»*ap^3ke & Ohio .*... 41V4
Oilcaffo Great Western UU
Chicago, Burlinrton A Qulncy 1<2%
Cliicago. Ind & Louls-viMe.... 24
"hicago. Ind & Louisville prefd GO
<hlesaro &. Kastfirn Illinois $>4
Chicago * Northwectern , 172«4
Chicaso, Jtook Island & Pacific 121»i
<: CC & Bt LrtUis W\
Onloraflo Southern %
ColcfTado Hoathern *Ut Arefd 42H
Ojlorado Southern 24 prefd 17
fj»-laware &• Hudson .134%
Delaware, Lack & Western 182%
r>mver &. Rio Grande 3Ui
oenvtr & Rio Grande prefd..../..,.. 82fy
i«''pVrfd".*.".V.V.V.'.V."V.".V.V.'I."I! 68
°re«t Ncrthern prefd ,.....1»
Hockln» Coel ..' ?..... \\
IIocKlns Valley 42H
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close..
Wheat Ko. 2—
January 7534 76% 75*>4 , ',^S\
February 76'^ 77U 76Vi * "7>i
May 79'A 79*4 78V* 79?,
Corn Xo. 2 —
January 3GV 3C*i 86',4 S»%
February 38 V. 37>; S6»4 B7V4
May 37% 8i^» J7»i 3s><.
Oats No. 2—
Januarj- 23 23H S3 23H
May 25 2&H 24T4 25Vi
Mesa pork, per barrel-
January 13 25 13 T,Vt 13 25 13 771,4
ilav 13 35 13 82V4 13 32H 13 80
Lard, per 100 pounds —
January 7 07V4 "20 7 02'4 7 17H
May ....i.. 7 17^4 7 40 7 1714 7 32^
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
January ...6 80 6 95 6 80 ¦ C y2vi
May 6 S2V4 7 0S 6 82*4 7 (XJ
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet: winter patents, $3 705$ 9C; straights,
« 70«iS 65; clears. $2 80^3 40; spring specials.
It 30ff4 40; patents S3 60@3 00; straights, $3 20®
* 55; bakers', $2 20122 70; No. 3 sprinp wheat,
"CtjTflc; No. 2 red, 77679c; No. 2 corn, 3714c; No.
J yellow. 3"',ic; No. 2 oats. 22V4®27c; No. 2
white. 26HS2<V4c; No. 3 white. 26*v;ig>37c; No.
2 rye, 52<6@£3s; fair to choice malting barley,
J*@tle; No. 1 flaxsecd, $1 IS; No. 1 Northwest
ern. SI 5SS§1 CO; prime timothy seed, $4 70; mess
p<Tk. per barrel. $13 Zhlxn 60; lard, per 100
pcunds, $7 lit/ 7 20; short-rib sides (loose), $6 Cu
$7; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $5 87%@6 12',4;
ffhert clear sides (boxed), t! 20^7 30; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, contract
grade, $10 So.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 47.OCO 37,000
Wheat, bushels S0.0OO 40,000
Corn, bushels 231,000 212.0CKJ
Oats, bushels £63,000 161.000
Rye, bushels 8,000 5,000
Earley, bushels 25,000 21,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull; * creameries, l£<@23c; dairies,
1*:Q20c. Cheese, dull, lO'.^ll^e. Eggs, quiet;
lresh, 20c.
Bay Co PCoSs.KW^ — Oak Water 5s.. — 103
Cal-st Cab os..H5T$ — Oceanic S3 5s.lOSi;iCSH
C C Water 5s..lM»i — OmCHr 6s.;. 128' —
EaiifeP 6». ..131 133 Pao G Imp 4s. — • 100
F & Cl Ry 6»..114',i — P & Cl Ry 6s. 105 —
Geary-st R 5s.. — .. — P&ORRCs. — —
H C A S 6H«.- — — IPowell-st R 68.113 —
Do 5s- 1O3',6 — Sac E G&n 5s. — 100
L A Ry 6s 111% — S F & 8JV 53.11971120H
L A Lt Co 6s.. — — S.R of Cal 6s. — 113
Do gntd 6s.. — — S P R of A Cs.llO'illlVi
L. A P R R os.100 — S P C 63 (1905).
Market-st 8s.. .128 — Series A 109^4 — '
Do 1st M 6s. — 122V4 Do (Series B)110V« —
X C N G R 7s. — 112 Do (1306)..... 112' 112*1
N R of Cal 6s. — 114 Do (1912). ....120% —
Do 5s 119 — 8 P R 1st p Ss.107 108%
N P C R R 6S.101 — - S P B R C- 6s. 131 —
Do 6s 105% — . 3 V "Water 6s.. 114^116
N Cal Ry Ss/.llOtt — . Qo 4s 1C3\ —
OOIi&H 53. — 111V4 Do M mtfre..lC2 —
Oak Tran 6s... — .- — : . Stktn Gas 6s... — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa... 70 71%/Spring Valley. 93% — [
Marin County. 51H — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent l> & P Co — . 4tf Pac L Co..... 43 —
Eqult G L Co Vk 3 Sac E G&R Co — 40
Mutual El Co. 8 10 S F G & E.... 44«4 45
OGL&H....49 50 San Francisco. 4»4 4?i
Pac Gas Imp. 44 44V4 Stktn G & E.. — 14
; INSURANCE STOCKa
Flrem's Fund.22S 233- ->:v ; iv>>>
BANK STOCKS. .
Anglo-Cal Ltd 76 — First N'atlonl.310 —
Bank of Cal.. — 412 Lon P & A. ...143 —
Cal S D & T..1C4 — Merchants' Ex 18 —
PAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L...1S60 1900 Sav & L So... _ • _ ;
Hum 8 &!•:..¦ •¦— — Sec Sav BK...275 —
Mut SavBk.'. EO — Union T Co-... — —
S F Sav U... SCO — . . ' .\
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California .....130 133 O S L & H.... 40 —
Gcary-st ...... 4S — Presidio 18 21
Market-st ..... 6ST, 69',i ; -',
; ' POWDER STOCKS.
California .....— 160 Vlgorlt t •- JH
Giant Con Co." S3«A 81 . >,
! SUGAU STOCKS,
liana 8 P Co. 6^4 7 Kllauea S Co.. 20*; 21
Haw C & S Co — 90 Makawell S Co 40% 41 .
Honokaa 8 Co. Sl',4 31V4 Onomea S Co.. 28 28=54
Hutch S P.Co.'»VS 20% Paauhau S Ct> 31«i 31%
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
\\ Pack Assn.123%124% Oceanic S Co. .103 103%
•ral Fruit Asn.lO3!ilM Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cal Wine 'Asn. 100 ••.. — ' Pao Bor Co... .153 154
Mer- , Ex Assn. 95 — Par Painty Co.. 1214 —
¦>.'. Morning Session.
Board—' '
1 Giant Powder. Con.... SG 00 '
-- C Honokaa Sugar Co. cash.............. jj j;
25 Makawell Sugar Co..... ;.V..;.... ...... ti p<) ¦¦
15000 Oceanio Steamship Bonds...... 103 50
¦145 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 75
12000 Stockton Gas & Elec Light Bonds.. 102 00
.- - - ..Street— ¦ ¦ - • . . .• - \' ¦;',; ¦
40 Kilauca Sugar Plantation Co......... 21 00
$2000 Market Street -Ry 1st con 5s.... .....122 £0
J.-000 Oceanic Steamnhlp Bonds. ......... ,.ics 50
119.000 S F & 3 J V Bonds. ...\. ........ ..120 00 " !
tO S F Gas & Electric Co.........;...... 44 62',9
PRODUCERS' OIL JSXCHAXGE. v
-Morntnv Session.- .
ajBmS Board— ''/}&SSB3SBSgggg&&^BBi
40 Caribou ..«. 15
3100 Four Oil Co...... .....,...,',.. »„„,,.«¦ U
, 600 Hanford-Fresno-Kern\ River.......... 44*. <
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4squar coup. .111 115 Is do cp (new).137 : 13SV4
4* do reg 114 113 3s do coup 110 ill
UNITED .STATES BOXDS.
The oil stocks continued extremely active, the
leaders being; Peerless, Petroleum Center, Four,
nanford-Fresno-Kern River and Reed. Monte
Cristo was weaker at $2iSJ2 10 and San Joaqutn
at $12 7,"(Ji 13. Peerless was higher at $7 7S@
8 50 ana Hanford-Fresno-Kern lUver at $44@4Sc.
The following were ex-dlvldend: Onomea, 25c;
Pacific Lighting, COe.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Jan. 6—13 m.
The market for local stocks and bonds con
tinued dull and uninteresting. 1 •
EASTERN MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Following is a statement of the estimated
flow of certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are
from J. B. Llpplncott, hydrographer of the
United States Geological Survey: •
FI/OW OF RIVERS.
Arirona — Cloudy Sunday; probably showers in
eouthern portion; lU'ht snow in northern por
ticn.
Pen Frarseisoo and \icln5ty— Cloudy Sunday,
with occasional showers; lirht southwesterly
vinC. ALEXANDER G. Me ADI E.
Forecast Official.
Southern California — Cloudy Bandar, with
tbowera in the m&rnlng: light southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Sunday, with occasional
Ehowere; light enow !n the mou.nta.lns.
Utah— -Cloudy Sunday, with occasional »how
rrr: I'rht enow In the mountains.
ICcrthern California— -Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Sunday, with occasional light, showers; light
•southerly winds. '.
Rain J* fallirs In moderate quantities from
Fan Diego to Fan Luis Obispo. Light rains or
enows will probably fall early Sunday morning
over Southern Nevada a.nd Northern Arizona.
The observer at Eureka reports considerable
enow lallins ia the foothills east of that sta
tion.
The river at Marysville is lt.fi feet and rising.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
tours, ending midnight. January *, 1S01:
tan Francisco cata: Maximum temperature,
U; minimum, 48; mean. • 1
¦HTZATHEIl CONDITION-^ AXD GENERAL
FORECAST.
The preware has risen slowly «ver Northern
California and northward, and hps fallen over
the valley of the Colorado and eastward. Con
ditions are more favorabie for settled weather
than taey have been since the beginning of the
xncnt*h.
Warmer weather prei-ails along: the coast of
C*:i:orr::a and In the San Joaquin Valley.
* . x-
CHICAGO, Jan. 5.— At the beginning and a^t
the end of the session In the wheat pit bullish
ness of a decidedly- strenuouB order made the
market an exciting: one, while the period be
tween these extremes was marked by a nervous
ness amountire to speculative ague. The
mprket was almost entirely a creation of senti
ment, based on the stock activity and rumors
of Wall street interest In thf local grain mar
ket. May wheat opened l@l-%c higher at 7S*£
4.J7&UC under heavy buying pressure wherewith
the rumor connected the name of James IC.
Kr«-ne. the New York stock operator, Ar
enormous business was transacted tho llrst ten
minutes', longs scattering to the open mouths
opened to them with such liberality that tht
price of May dropped back to "S^c. Trade be
came more quiet, but feverishly nervous for
the next hour. May rallied to 7S!ic but dropped
back asain. Offerings were light and the price
w&8 gradually worked up again to 79c. At
this mark more profit-talcing, • together with
some short Billing, was attempted. Meanwhile
commission houses had received more buying
orders. The readlnoss with which offerings
disappeared into this quarter alarmed the
bhort Interest, and on a sharp burst of activ
ity May Jumped to 79>4c, high price of the'
prerent season. A reaction to TSVie followed
this bulge, but^the market was aggressively
string. »nd the close was I*;t< l'ic higher at
T9HG72%c.
The bull fever spread to corn, as It did to
ether leading speculative markets.
Tlie close was strons with May "»c higher
at 78»4«?78%c.
A biff cash business and the wheat strength
gave oets a boost to-day. May closed %c
higher at 25%c.
Htrength in pork wai the feature In the pro
visions, although lard and ribs were also firm.
May pork closed 63c higher; lard l"Hc up and
ribs 20c Improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
THE CALLS CALENTJAR.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5.— FLOUR-Recelpts, 109.
760 barrels; exports, 23,801 barrels. Quiet but
firm.
WHEAT— Receipts. I7.C0O bushels; exports.
4S.226 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 83Hc f. o.
b. afloat; Sl'ie elevatcr. Options had a strong
and active opening at a cent advance and closed
firm, ?i3mc net advance. January closed S2e;
March 83^(58SHc. closed 83%c; May. closed S3%c.
HOPS— Quiet. Pacific Coast, 1900 crop, 1SQ>
19c; 1&89 crop, 10@14c; old olds, 2®6c.
HIDES— Firm. California, 21 to 25 pounds,
19c-
WOOL— Quiet.. -Domestic fleece, 24Q-2GC;
Texas wool, 15®17c.
COFFEE— Futures cloned barely steady at an
advance of 10@20 points. Total sales, 24,750
baps, including: January fo 80; March. $5 90®
SS3; July. $6 15© 6 20. Spof coff«e— Rio, steady;
No. 7 invoice, 7Hc. Mild— Market quiet; Cor
dova, 9Vi©13»4c. »
SUGAR— Raw, quiet and steady. Refined,
dull.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. ft. 1801—5 p. m.
The following axe the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate. as compared with thope of th« same date
last season, and rainfalls In the last twenty
four hours:
020th Merllian-Padfle Time.)
Weather Report.
•¦TraSe la«t week mj iccy elow. the market
following its natural ojr*e during Christm&s
xreek. gome l/jsiners was dene 1n loose raisins
at low figures, bjt.3 the spot holdings of cne out
fifle CaJlrcrr.it padir-r. who has been In the city
ren>onai!y cCerlnt Ida goods, are understood to
have been disposed cf to a local house at around
t\c to 6c for S-citi»B and 3-crown loose. Soire
little busir.pp* In 3-crown was reported late in
tt« week as !on as the equivalent of S.fca. Con
ruffiptlvc jerroLnd for raisin* Is almost at a
Ftar.d*t!;; A little more Inquiry was In evi
dence Satsztfaar 'cr apricots and peaches at low
pricef, i:.d currants and nuts were in fair re-
Quest for the reason cf the year. Jobbers re
portel ijuite a fraod business In Krench,
OrcDjtl" and Marbct walnuts to the city trade.
EvaporBied apples v.-ere dull and unchanged."
Mall advices from N>w York Bay
Dried Fntit in Xra.' York.
The local bar.k cleartnt* 'or itt past wee«
amounted to $:8.4?4.3f.4. ara!n?t J1J.J05.C44 tor
ti3« ume week laft year.
Bank Clearings.
C S h ref reg 103'4 X Y C lsts 1W4
Do coupon lOS 1 * X J C gen Es 127»4
V S 3s re? 1094 N Pacific 3s 71*
Do 3s coupon 110 Do 4s 1C4&
Da new 4s ree...l37M> N T C St St L 4e.,10S
Do new 4s coup..lJ7}4 X & W con 4b 100«4
Do old 4s reg 114 Or Nav lsts UOft
Do Old 4s COUp.. .114 Do 4s 1C4
Do Bs reg 112 Or Short Line Gs...i2:<"i
Do 5s coupon. ...112 Do con Za ll.Vi
Dlst of O.I 8.O.. ..125 Reading gen 4s.... !>3%
Atchlosn gen 4s. ..102V ROW lsts M%
Do a<Sj 4» 874 Bt L & I M con 6s. 114
Canada So 2ds....,108 Bt L & S F gen 6s.l2£H
Che* & O V,ia l©4«i Bt Paul cons .1*6
Do 5s 121 St P C & P lsts...ll7vi
Chi & N con 7s. ...139 Do Is 119Vi
Do S F deb G«...12S S Pacific 4s S4
Chicago Term 4s... M'4 8 Railway Ee 112%
Colorado Bo 4a M»il8tand R & T 6s.... 72%
D & R G 4s lOOHITex A Pac lsts... .113*4
Erie gen 4s i»\i\ Do 2ds S5
F W & D C lsts... 78 U Pacific 4s... 1C£*4
Gen Electric 6s. ...155 Wabash lsts 11814
Iowa. Cent lsts. ...116 Do 2ds 10$
L & K unl 4s lOOVitWest Shore 4s 113^
M K & T 2d!« 76 V.'lse Central lsts.. ¦ iCU,
Do 4s 97UIVa Centuries 86%
MINING STOCKS.
Adaznc Con 2n Little Chief 15
Alice 45 Ontario B'W
Breeca 2 00 Ophir 67
Brunswick Con ... 22 Pho*nlx s,....< 10
Comstock Tunnel... 04 Fotorl 16
Con Cal & Va.... 2 29 1 Savage 17
Deadwocd Terra .. UjSierra Nevada SO
Horn Silver 1 10| Small Hopeg 60
Iron Silver 6.vstandard « 3 £0
Leadvllle Con 06 1
BOSTON BTOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— (Rubber 22V4
Call loans 4^5% (L'nlon Pacific .... 81%
Time loans 4475 I L'nlon Land 2^4
Stocks— j West End 93
A T A fit Fe 46H Bonds-
Do prefd 8^.4 Atchlson 4s 101H
Amer Sugar »7V4 N K G & Coke 5s. 70%
Do prefd 117 .Mining Shares —
Bell Tel I s * Adventure 10
Boston & Albany. .232* AUouei Mln Co... 3
Boston El 159 Amal Copper ...... 91'
Boston & Maine:. .'.1«S Atlantic 28>,4
Chi B tc Q 142!« Boston 3c Mont. ...319
Dominion Coal .... 40 (Calumet & H<- c ]a..S.:5
Do prefd ........lOSH^Centennlal 24
Fed Steel 64%!Franklln 1S«
Do prefJ :••....-'. "« jHumboldt *. 50
Fltchburg prefd -.139 O^ceola 82
Gen Electric ......137% Parrott 49«i
Do prefd 15« Qulncy 172
Ed Elec 111 ...... ..240 Santa Fe Copper,. 6%
Mexican Central.... 14% Tamarack 3tt
N E Gat & Coke.. UV4 Utah Mining 33
Old Colony 205 Wlnona 6
Old Dominion 30H Wolverines 49
Nezv York Money Market. -
NEW YORK. Jan. 5.— Money on call,; steady
at 4 r*r cent. Sterllnar exchange, nominal at
U S6V404 86U for demand and |4 61K434 81ii for
sixty days. Bar, silver. «3Hc- State and retl
road bonds, firm; Governnuytt bonds, lrresular:
Associated Banks' Statement.
KEW. TQRK, Jwul.^-TlJt.wtrtrir. •Uteiaent
of the Aesoclateg Bftnlv them: Loans. 1803,-
CLOSING BONDS.
Illinois Central 1JU4
Iowa Central /.., 26
Iowa Central prefd...; 53<4
Lake Erie & Western 44
Lake Brie A Western prefd 112
Lake Shore 2J0
Louievllle ,£ Nashville S7H
Manhattan Elevated 112*4
Metropolitan Street Railway 165^5
Mexican Ontral 15
Mliineajwlis & 8t L*mls «SH
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd lOlife
Missouri Pacific 74?t
Mobile it Ohio M
Missouri. Kansas & Texas 16?i
MUsouri. Kansas & Texas prefd 43Vi
New J«rsey Central 167
New York Central 143
Norfolk * Western 43ty
Norfolk & Western prefd 82
Northern Pacific *7«»
Northern Pacific pr*fd. ..'...... (j7H
Ontario & Western , 30ii
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
Pennsylvania i'.i
Heading 33
Reading 1st preM 74
Reading 2d prefd 45>i
Rio Grande Western 6r>H
Rio Grande Western prefd i»5
fit Louis & San Francisco 23U
St Loots & San Fran 1st prefd 7»',»
St Louis & Sen Fran 2d prefd K*i
St Lculs, Southwestern IS*;
6t Louis, Southwestern prefd 45vi
St Paul I57\i
St Paul prefd '. i»oii
St Paul « Omaha 12$
Southern Pacific 42
Southern Railway zri
Southern Railway prefd 71 5 i
Texas & Pacific 34H
Union Pacific gl*j
Union Pacific J>refd 83
Wabash us;
Wabash prefd 25>,
; \Vh**llnjr & L E 12s,
•XVheell*} A L E 2d prefd 29»*
WiseoSetn Central 15
Third Avenue US
Baltimore & Ohio prefd Sft
National Tube 66
National Tube prefd 101
Express Companies—
American , 18«
United States 59
Wells Fargo 135
$ Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil 30%
American Cotton Oil proM 83
American Malting 4T4
....... American Malting prefd 27
American Smelting & Refining...... 55*;
American Smelting & Refining pfd. 95
American Spirits : 114
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop : ¦ 30»;
American Steel Hoop prefd p'£
American Steel & Wire ./44
American Steel it Wire prefd f. 87»i
American Tin Plate 57*i
American Tin Plate prefd «)
American Tobacco 113'j
American Tobacco prefd ...1S8
Anaconda Mining Co 45 1 ;
.. Brooklyn Rapid Transit 8?"i
Colorado Fuel & Iron KJTfc
Continental Tobacco 40H
Continental Tobacco prefd 94^i
Federal Steel 53»i
Federal Steel prefd 7«ij
General Electric \%*
Glucose Sugar 6i>H
Glucose Pcgar prefd S4
International Paper 2444
International Paper prefd 73 l i
Lacled* Gu 72
National Biscuit 41
National Blrcult prefd 94
National Lead 18 l ,4
National Lead prefd SI
National Steel 41=4
National Steel prefd 91
New York Air Brake _ 160
North American 2-T;
Pacific Coast 59
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 91V4
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 6*
Pacific Mall 41
People's Gas 101
....... Pressed SteH Car 49%
Pressed Steel Car prefd 8?.
Pullman Palace Car 19*
Standard Rope & Twine IM
Sugar 128
Kngar prefd 118
Tennessee Coal & Iron 5Mi
United States Leather 1**4
United States Leather prefd 77^4
,.....,. United States Rubber ; 23
United States Rubber prefd 70U
'....... Western Union 83H
Amalgamated Copper 91%
Republic Iron «r- Steel 16U
Republic Iron & Steel prtfd 63H
}* C C & St L DS
SATURDAY. Jan. S— 12 m.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Justice 03 04
Alta 05 t* Kentuck M 02
Andes 09 lf> Lady Wash — 03
Belcher II 12 Mexican 44 4 r .
Best A Belcher 33 33 Occidental 07 CS
Bullion 05 04 Ophlr 93 93
Caledonia 7S 80 Overman 15 17
Challenge Con. 20 21 Potosl 19 21
Chcllar 21 22 Savage 23 23
Confidence 60 K Scorpion — 04
Con Cal St Va.2 45 2 50 Seg Belcher.... 02 C3
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 37 38
Con New York. 01 — Sliver Hill 49 50
Eureka COn — 35 St Loul 0« —
Crown Point.... 12 13»Standard A 60 —
Exchequer . — 01 -Syndicate 11 —
Gould tc Carry. 66 5Si Union Con 35 36
Hale & Norcrs. 23 24 Utah 09 10
Julia 01 03'Yellow Jacket.. 20 21
CLOSIXG QUOTATIONS.
tOO Alpha 03 1200 Mexican 43
500 Andes 1» S00 Occidental 07
BOO Andes 09 3CO Occidental 08
700 Belcher 14 15S0 Ophlr 82
«C0 Belcher 13,300 Ophlr S3
600 Best & Belcher 33 200 Ophir „... 81
300 Best A Belcher 31 »0O Ophlr ..— 83
400 Caledonia , 74 309 Ophlr 8"
300 Chollar 21 200 Ophlr 83
500 Chollar 20 2C0 Ophir 95
750 C C & Va J 40 20O Overman 14
SOO C C ft V« 2 42H 4W> PotOBl 19
1230 C C & Va 2 45 3«O S&vage «
€00 C C & Va J 35 SCO Savage 20
30OC C & Va....2J0 tW Sierra Nevada. 32
2C0 C C & Va 2 47H 300 Sierra Nevada. 21
1060 C C tc Vi.,,.2 50 ! SCO Sierra Nevada. 33
300 Crown Point... 12! 250 Sierra Nevada. 35
700 Gould & Curry. 51 200 Stiver Hill 50
200 Gould & Curry. 65 UlOO Union Con 33
400 Hale & Norcrs. 22 j 500 Union Con 34
E0O Hale & Nbrcra. 24 40O Union Con 35
200 Hale * Norcrs. ">3 5flO Utah £>
SCO Mexican 42 200 Yellow Jacket.. 20
€00 Mexican 41 500 Yellow Jacket.. 13
Mornin™ SessSon.
Following were the sales In th« Pactfto Stock
/ Excbaa2e yesterday: -•.-.,
Mornlnc Session,
200 Andes 0V 70O Ophlr 8S
SOO Belcher 12 300 Ophlr 89
500 Best A Belcher 34 200 Ophlr 90
200 Caledonia 75 1000 Overman 15
600 Challenge 20 14M) Overman 16
gOOChollar 21 SCO Potosl 2P
500 Chollar 20 5C0 Savagu 20
J0O Ctin Cal A Va..2 4i 20O Savage 19
2<X> Con Cal A Va..2 40 200 S«g Belcher.... 03
100 Crown Point... 13 100- Sierra Nevada. 3«
100 Crown Point... 12 500 Sierra Nevada. 33
£00 Gould Sc Curry. «<J ICO Sierra Nevada. 33
3no Hale & Norcra. 23 20O Stiver Hill »0
300 Justice 'C3 10O Union Con 34
1000 Mexican 45 709 Union Con 3<>
600 Occidental 06 iM Utah W
300 Occidental 03! 300 Yellow Jacket- 13
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
Deciduous and Other Fruits.
One or two cars of Oranges will be offered
at- to-morrow's auction.'
All descriptions of fruit, are as before Quoted,
citrus fruits being plentiful and Apples of the
choicer grades In moderate supply.
DECIDUOUS KKU1TSJ— . ¦ >
APPLES— SO@COc per box for common and 65c
ETL 25 for good to choice: Spltzenbergs, Jion 75;
Oregon Spltzenbergs, |1Q>1 23; Lady Apples,
$101 CO per box. .
VEARS— 50c<311 per box.
CRANUERK1KS — Jerseys. «2; Wisconsin*.
118 BO: Cape Cod, (14 per barrel; Coo» Bay. $2 30
fit 75 per ¦ box. ¦¦-. • '
V CITRUS* FRUITS— Navel Oranges |l®2;
Seedlings, 60c(S$l; Tangerines, nominal; Man.
darlns. Mil S3: Lemons, 25cis:$l 2i for . common
and *1 SOffZ 25 for good. to cholc*; Grape Fruit.
B0c©J2: -Mexican-. Limes, 54 5C25; California
Limes, 25939c; Bananas, $192 per bunch; Pine
apples, . $i$0>2 per Coxen.
.[Dried} Fruits, Nuts and. Raisins.
FRUITS— Prnnes, Santa Clara*, 4 sizes, to;
40-lOs. 7c; '60-608. 5%c; W-70s,' 39ic; 70-80s, J^c;
Receipt* a? reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 37.304 lbs Butter, 43$ cases California
Eggs, — cases Eastern Eggs. 925 lbs Cali
fornia Cheese and lbs Eastern Cheese.
BUTTKK— ' •
Creamery— Extras, 23c; firsts, 23c; seconds,
21c.
Dairy— Extras. 21c; firsts. l»e; seconds, ISc;
store, 13c. ¦¦¦-¦.
Storage— Creamery extras, 22V4c; firsts, 21c:
seconds, 20c; dairy extras, .
Plckle-18c per lb.
Krg — 2Ce per lb.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 12',4c; choice,
llo; common, nominal; Young Americas, 13c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16}ic per lb.
KGGS— ...
. . California ranch— Selected white, 30c: mixed
colors, 2Sc per dozen.
California gathered— Selected, 27c; standard,
2Cc; seconds, 25c.
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, 28c;
seconds, — . • • >.
Storage— California fancy. 25c; standard. :
Eastern fancy, 3fpc; standard, ; seconds.
Prices for everything remained unchanged.
Dutter was In good supply and the medium and
lewer grades were especially plentiful. Cheese
and Eggs were barely steady at the recent de
cline. •
Butter, Cheese' and Eggs.
GAME— Quail. $1 50; Mallard. |3 5C#3; Can
vasback, $2 E.0Q3; Sprig. $160; Teal. $1; W'ld
e«-on. 75cffi$l; Small Duck. 75c@$l; Black Jack,
jl; Gray Gees<\'$3; White Geese, $1@1 23; Brant.
*1 50 for small and ?2 for large; Honkers, $3©
4 50; English Snipe. $1 75; 'Jack Snipe. $1 25;
Hare. $1 2'>ff/l 50; Rabbits, $1 10 for Cottontail
and $1 f»r Brush; DOves, 63<373c per dozen.
. . . • . :¦ ¦'/•'¦' l .
rOL'LTRY— Live Turkeys, 12£l4c for Gob
blers and 12S14C for Hens; Dressed Turkeys.
15til8c: Geese, per pair, $1 73(52; Goslings, $17.'
(S2; Ducks, $4 50ig5 for old and $5 60®C for
young; Hens, $4{T5 50: Young Roosters, $G(g'6 60;
Old Itobiiters, $494 50; Fryers, $5 5006; Broil
ers, $5(33 50 for large and $4£i5 for small; Pig
eons. $!(Jjri 23 per dozen for olcl and $2 23@2 30
for Squeh*.
The Poultry market closed firm at the com
paratively high prices. One and perhaps two
cars of Eastern will be put on to-morrow.
Receipts of Game continued liberal, being 158
cache! nnd low prices still ruled.
Poultry and Game.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 60^73c; River Reds,
S'.c; Burbanks. 30<?KCc for River and |1@1 20
p*r ctl for Salinas and C0!9'90c for Oretron;
Sweets. 35<340c for Rivers and 75@90c for Mer
ced.
ONIONS-J1 65®2 per ctl; Cut Onions. $1@
1 23 p<?r ctl.
VEGETABLES- Green Poas, CSTc per lb;
String Beans, tiSOc; Cabbage. fK)c; Tomatoes.
Los Aneelcs. fl{i2 per crate; Egp Plant, Ixjs
Angelea. 6@12c per lb; Green Peppers. Los
Angeles. 4@&c per lb for Chile and S@10c for
Bell; Dried Peppers. 9@llo; Dried Okra, 10® loo
per lb; Carrots. 25©33c per box; Hothouse Cu
cumbers, $150 per dozen; Summer Squash.
SI 60 per box; Garlic, 4@5c per lb; Marrowfat
Squaeh, tl(?@15 per ton ;* Mushrooms, nominal.
A few Flight changes In Potatoes will be seen.
Onions are steady. Some Loe Angeles String
Beans sold up to 12Vz@15c per lb, but the ma
jority went as below.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. J2 60&2 75;; Canary.
me per lb for California and 4r. for Kastern;
Alfalfa. 7t*«?9Hc; Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp, 4:{?4%c;
Timothy, 4®4Vic. ,
DRIED PEAS-Nlles. $2@2 50; Green, $2 70
ftS per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and. Vegetables.
BEANS— Iiaycp. ?2 30(52 70; Small Whit*.
J4 Mfl4 65: Larse White. 13 65@3 SO: Pink. $2 10
©2 25; Red. $2 75®3; Blackeye. S3; Limas. J5 50
iii 05; Pea, H 23'tM 50; Red Kidney, }3 Tj'ij'4 per
ctl.
Pink and White Beans continue firm and In
demand, while the other descriptions are quiet
at unchanged. prices.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50019 EO per ton.
FEKDSTL-FFS — Rolled Barley, $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake M«al at the mill. J25@26; Jobbing.
$28 50; Cocoanut Cake. I17CT1S; Corn Meal, $26^
28 50- Cracked Corn. $26 30327; Mixed Feed,
J163J16.
KAY —.Volunteer. $5@8; Wheat. $11313 50;
Wheat and Oat. $10<ftl2 50; Oat. I3©12: Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, JSQ3 50; Barley. $7 50ij9 50
jer ton.
STRAW-03JT47HC per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Feed»tuff9 have not changed for some time.
Hay remains steady, with moderate, receipts.
HRAX—?H#*6 per ton. *
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25®
S 60, usual terms; Bakers' Kxtras, $3 15^3 20;
Oregon, 12 75g2 S3 per barrel fcr family and
J2 7S#3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', $2 75
63
MILLSTUFFP— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 1C0 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75; Rye
Meal. tJ50; P.'.ce Flour, $7: Corn Meal, 12 73;
extra cr«>am <lo, $3 50: Oat Groats. $1 50; Hom
iny, ti I04J3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $<Jf4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 60; Farina, U 50;' Whole
Wheat Flour, ?3 IS; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6#
7 25; In sacks, $5 7CQ7; Pearl Barley, |5; Split
Pea3, $5: Green Ppbb. $3 30 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Informal Session— S:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Seeslon— No sales.
OATS— There ! Is nothing- new to report, the
market belnc as firm as ever.
White, fl 30#l 50; Surprise, nominal; Red,
fl 23@1 40 for Feed and Jl 85jfrl 45 for Seed;
Grey nominal; Black, for Feed, $1 13@1 20; for
Seed. J> 2.^01 3" P«" r ctL
CORN — Previous prlpes are quoted, with a
dU Vello" k fV'l2%©l 15; White, $1 10@l 13; East
ern mixed. $1 12H Per ctl.
RYE— SJSS'Hc per ctl.
liUCKWHEAT- Quoted at SI 75©2 per CtL .
Flour and Mill stuffs.
CAI-L. BOARD SALES.
Regular Morning Session— May— 34.0C0 ctls,
Jl 07; 2000. H 07»«; 10, COO, $1 06%. December—
SCOO. Jl 11: 4CC0. niO'fc.
nARU^Y-r-Thp market stands firm at the ad
vance, with continued light oCterlnss. though
there is nnthinc doing on call. *
F«'d.s''r7Vic for choice brisfct, 75c for No. 1
and 70672&C for oft grades; Brewing and Ship
ping crade*. SOSfoo; Chevalier, nominal.
Informal Session— 0:15 o'clock—Way— 6000 ctls,
$1 06%.
Second Session— May— 6000 ctls. $1 Of.%.
CALL HOARD SALES
New York.' Paris and Liverpool were all
6llshtly higher. Chicago •was active, excited
and Irregular. Speculation was reported broad
ening in all markets. The early break was due
to selling: by longs. The recent heavy buying
is now ascribed to James It. Keene.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $ligl01\i: milling.
Jl C2',4©1 c; per ctl.
WHEAT— The market/ closed the week at a
recovery of a cent and over.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling ExctianBe, 60 days — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — ' 4 87>4
Sterling Cables .*. — 4 SS%
New York Exchange, sight...... — 13
New York Kxchange. telegraphic — ' HVi
Fine Silver, per ounce — «3V4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 5OV4 ® 5>l
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Bank clearings show a decrease from last year.
Wheat closes, the week at a recovery.
Barley firm, with light offerings. Other grains unchanged.
Hay, Beans and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Scz-cral slight changes in Potatoes and Vegetables.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs stand as before.
Poultry firm and well cleaned up. Game dull and cheap.
Citrus fruits in good supply and dull.
Choice Apples in light stock.
Nothing doing in Raisins and Dried Fruits.
Hogs firm at the advance already noted. J '
Local stocks and bonds continue dull.
Heavy transactions at firm prices on the Oil Exchange.
Proposed formation of a local Proz-ision Exchange.
Russia has no intention of invading In
dia at present: she is too much occupied
with her railway to Port Arthur through
the Gobi DeSert, that will ake years yet.
Her invasion, of India would be a ftsh not
worth the fly. So the bogy can bo dis
missed for the present.— ¦Westminster
Gazette.
The first would be the transport of her
army, which would necessarily be jrreat.
Lord Roberts experienced srreat difficulties
with supplies for his 15.000 men durinr? his
famous march from Cabul to Candahar.
hardly any food for man or beast being
procurable, the resources of that part of
the country belnjr exhausted.
Russia's difficulty in maintaining 1 *"* an
army of ten times that sise would bo
great irt either city or Kabul, whose in
habitants' are half-starved. The re
quirements of the Russian army, accord
ing to Colonel Ilanna. would be for 130.0O)
men at least a million tons, and lt Is un
likely that any general would enter on an
Indian invasion, defended by British and
native troops, with less that* threei
months* supplies. Skobeioff had two an. I
a half months for use atrair.st tho
Turkomans and we had six months in the
Afghan war. A three months' supply
would mean "1.0C0.900 tons to carry, for
which something like 500.000 camels would
be required, equal to- the cargo of forty
large steamers." If she could pet all
these animals, how would they be fed
amon? the mountain* and fruitless
deserts which intervene between Afghan
istan and British India?
Supposing Russia prepared to seiaa
Herat or threaten ' Afghanistan, what
would be her position? What ia tho
aspect of a Russian invasion of India?
What are tne great difficulties Russia
wouia have to face in her march toward
the Hindu Kush or Sulnman range oz
mountains, which latter place or position
would command all the passes by which
India could be invaded from tho north
west?
WOX71/D RUSSIA ATTACK HTDIA?
An English Writer Figures That She
Is Too Busy Now.
LONDON, Jan. 5.— Consols for money, 974;
consols for the account. 97*4; Atchlson, 43 1 ;;
Canadian Pacific. 94*4: Union Pacific preferred,
57; New York Central, 149; Erie, 23; Reading.
lc%; Northern Pacific preferred, 91V* : Grand
Trunk. 7%; Anaconda. 10; Rand Mines, 33; bar
Eliver. steady at 29 5-lCd per ounce; money,
J&3H per cent.
CLOSIXG.
NEW YORK. Jan. 5.-The Commercial Ad
vfrtiser's London cablegram says:
The markets were good all around here to
day:- The American department was wildly
excited and there was a great rush of profes
sional buyers to get in the market. Chicago,
Milwaukee and St. Paul especially were
sought, and in the mad bidding for them th»
I rice was run up from 164 to 16S in a quarter
j-CJan notir. the close being 166%, and the mar
ket generally reacted after the extremely strong
commencement until another purchasing wave
came along and carried everything to a finish
a', the. top.
London Market.
?nr^2 : '".rjrifS-J 7 - 632 ' 400 - Deposits. $303,988,600;
Increase J16. 760.000. Circulation. J30.082.50O; de
f™«' !£A1 Lesal tenders. fCT.0C9.80O; in
jrinji'^ ,- 800 ''^' 3 gpecle - tH4.851.800; increase,
«ii!'ix2* otal re8 er\e, $231.8S7.6uO; !ncrear.c.
Reserve requirements, 1*17,737.523; In-
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
LONDON', Jan. 5.— Consols. 97 7-15; silver.
20 5-16d; French rentes. 102f 30dJ wheat cargoes
on passage, firm. but not active.'
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 3.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California, 6s 4d©6»- 4%«J; -wheat in
Paris, firm; flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
frosty. • - V '
COTTON— Uplands, 5 19-32d.
Foreign Markets.
holidays and the nearness of the first series
or auction sales. The second sales ¦will open
March 17, and the arrivals will cloee when
200,000 bales are available; the third series will
open April 30. arrivals closing when 230.000
bales are available. The arrivals for the first
series of . sales- amount ¦ to 223,881 bales. In
cluding 33,000 • forwarded direct. The iniports
of wool durlnff the week are:
New South Wa.l*s. 5900; Melbourne. 1714;
South AU3tra.Ha, 2941; New Zealand, 6190; Cape
of Good Hope and Natal, 130; elsewhere, 350.
— ¦ .,. .,-,¦->
SATURDAY. Jan. 5-11 a. m.
1100 Jlajiford -Fresno-Kern, Rlrer.......... 4S
SCO Home Oil 4 00
300 Independence, b (0 22
500 Independence, b 30 . 22
150 Kern OH Co »- . 10 75
15 Kern River :. 16 SO
WOO Lion Oil Co 16
«7 MeKlttrick :.'. ZO
2C0 McKlttrlck Consolidated 28
M> Monarch of Arizona 69
400 Monte Cristo 2 Iff
&00 Occidental of West Virginia J5
SO Peerless 7 75
100 Peerless 8 CO
SO Peerless 3 r.
150 Peerless » ZlVi
25 Peerless .. -. 8 50
MO Petroleum Center 2S
600 Petroleum Center, b 90 30
«000 Petroleum Center .:. _... 27
10CO Petroleum Center, b 30 :. "30
7C0 Petroleum Center ~ 30
500 Reed Crude Oil Co ....."". it
32C0 Reed Crude Oil Co 74
2400 Rsed Crude Oil Co........ 73
SCO Reed Crude Oil Co, b 10.'. 73
175 San Joaquln OH & Development 12 75
150 Pan Jcaqnln Oil & Dereiopment..... IS CO
200 Twenty-eight 2 MVt
200 Twenty-eight ...~ 2 43
io<i Twenty-eight 2 4rt
100 West Shore 4 00
109 Wolverine ; 1 50
200 Wolverine 1 47Ji
Street—
K3 Wolverine 1 50
CLO3IXCJ QUOTATIONS.
FOR SATURDAY. JANUARY 5.
Flour, qr sks 34,228" Hay, tons j;g
Wheat, ctls 47,897 Pelts, bdls 13.-.
Barley, ctls 4,635; Hides, no 45n
Oats, ctls 200 ; Sugar, ctls 300
Com. ctls 80 Leather, rolls ... 137
Potatoes, sks ... 835 Wine, sals 45,900
Onions, sks 10 Tallow, ctls ' 212
Middlings, sks .. 335 Limp, bbls 317
Bran, sks 1,632 Quicksilver, flsks 10
Shorts. Bks-.T...: 45 1 Chicory, bbls .... B0
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed, 6.15cr Powdered, 5.75c; Candy Gran
ulated. ~ 5.75c; Dry Granulated. 5.65c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.65c; Magnolia A, 5.23c; Extra C,
5.15c; Golden C, 5.05c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 23c more: boxes, £0c more; 30-lb bags.
10c more. No orde/s' taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-bar
rels, 6.40c; boxes, 6.65o per lb.
COAL— Wellington, $& per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington. *9: Seattle, 17: Bryant. 17: Coos Bay
15 60; Wallsend, »9; Co-operative Wallsend. Id-
Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel, $ie
Vtr ion; Coke. 115 per ton In bulk and $18 in
Hacks; Reeky Mountain descriptions. JS 45 per
2uvo lb* and $8 50 per ton, according to brand.
SUUAll— The Western Sugar Keflnlnjj Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-Ib bag's:
\ BAGS — San Quenttn Bags, $3 «5: Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, t%c; Wool Bags,
2S%<3'3! 1 ,ic: Fleece Twine, 7»£e..
General Merchandise.
Hogs rule firm at the noted advance, with
lighter offerings. The other Meats show no
change. ;
BEEF— 7#Sc for Steers and 6®7c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. &39c; small, 9-aiOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, SSTSVic; Em-es. 8HS9C per
pound.
LAMB-10@10>^c per lb.
PORK— Live Hor», 5*4c for smalf and 5*Jc for
medium and SH@5-Hc for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5Vic; dre»aed Hog*, 7%®S%c
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring clip Is ouotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15016c: Northern, defective, 12@
14c; Middle County, free. 13@16c; Middle County,
defective, 12?J14c: Southern . Mountain. 12
months', 9® 10c: Southern Mountain, free, 1
months', 11512c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', SQlIc: Humboldt and Mendoclno. 18
@17c; Nevada. 12©16c per lb.
Fall clip— San Joaquln. S>4<g8c: do lambs. 8®
9c: Middle County, seiOc; Northern Mountain,
free, 10©llc: Southern Mountain. T^igJ^c;
Kumboldt and Mendoclno, Ilgl2c per lb.
HOPS— 12© 16c per lb.
HIDES AND^KINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
9Vsc; medium, 9c; light. 8@SVJc: Cow Hides, SV4c
for heavy and 8®8**c for light; Stags, 6@64c;
Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, »c: Salted Calf,
10c: Dry Hides. l$^c; culls, 13%c: Dry Kip,
15c; Dry Calf. 15@16c;- culls and brands, lie:
Sheepskins, shearlings. 2ttg3Oc each; short
Wool, CCg55c each; medium, 60(375c; long Wool,
7.1c*tf$l each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 5*22 73 for
large and $2^2 23 for medium. $1@1 23 for f»mall
and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry, SI 73 for
large, $1 50 for medium. $1 25 for small and 50c
for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c;
fell or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin
cklns, 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 75c;
large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4e per lb: No. 2.
3B3V4c; grease. 2©2Hc
CURED .MEATS— Bacon, lieil^c per lb for
heavy, U%<f?12c for U?ht medium. 12H$13c for
light 13»A@Hc for extra light and 15015'Ac for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 11H©
12c- Mesa Beef. $12 SO per barrel: extra Mess.
»13; Famllv. $14: extra Prime Pork. $16: extra
clear, $19 50; Mess. $17; Smoked Beef, 13c per
pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6»ic per lb for com
pound and 9\ic for pure: half-barrels, pure,
9}4c; 10-lb tins. 10c: 5-lb tins, 10*4c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8VJc; three
half-barrels, 8c; one tierce, 7%c; two tierces,
i&c; five tierces, 7Hc per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
It Is reported that a meeting or loeal Pro-
Vision men will be held this week to consider
the formation of an association or exchange
c:i the lines of the other locat exchanges. Other
wise there 1» nothing new In this market.
Provisions.
80-908, 2%c: 90-iOOm, thie: 100a and over. 2a; ru
bles, He premium; Sonomas, %c and San Joa
qulns, %c less than Santa Claras, except 1008
and over, which stand the same. Apricots, 6@
Scfor Royals and lOtUOVtc for Moorparks;
Evaporated • Asples, 5S*»c; : sun-dried, - 3H@+Hc:
Peaches, 4@5c for standard. 6©6c for choice
and 6&<S7c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums,
pitted, hQVkc; unpltted, l@lHc; Nectarines, 6@
6%e for red and 6%©6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers" Association
has established the* t ollowlns prices for • the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12«j
per Id; choice, lie; standard, S%c; prime, 8c;
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy. lOV&c per.lb: choice, 9VJc: standard, S%c:
prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless,
SO-lb boxes, 6%c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, i\ DO per box: 3-crown, $1 60; Fancy
Clusters, J2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices -f.'o. b. at comrncn shipping points In
California. '
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7%®9c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, lie; No. 2. 8c: No. 1
hardshell. 10c: No. 2. 7tfc; Almonds, 12®lfc for
paperehell, Ofiillc for Boftshell: Peanuts, 5®6c
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts, 13crPe
ctins, ll&13c: Cocoanuts, (3 5095.
HONEY— Conxb. 13',4®14Hc fcr bright and 1J%
tg 13c for lfght amber; water white, extracted,
V&6&C light amber, extracted, 6%®7c; dark,
6(S6V4c ocr lb.
BEESWAX— 24©2Gc per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 6, 1901.
LOCAL MARKETS.
New York Grain and Produce
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
31
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
STOCKS.
Bid
Asked.
Caribou
Dominion
Four Oil Co k
Kanford
Hanforcl-F'resno-Kern River .
Homo Oil Co....
Independence
Kern Oil Co...
Kern River -
Lion Otl Co
MeKit trick Consolidated
Monarch of Arizona....
Junction'
McKlttrick
Monte Cristo
Oil City Petroleum
Petroleum Center ...<-...
Reed Crude Otl Co
San Joaauin O. & D. Co
Shamrock
Twenty-eight
West Lake- •-•
"YVoI verine
57
SI
m a>
4«
3 99
I 20
15
3S
C5
1 60
2 CO
23
72'
2 40
23 ,
143 r
90
SO
59
124 00
43
4 0O
22
10 73
16 73
16
40
63
(.2
41
: io
3S 5"
30
73 j
13 12', 3
1 00
2 45
2S
ICO
a
iOUTB
4S
This
eason.
La*t
Season.
j
I 29. ES
.'ii
.17
8.20
U.05
13.66
c %1
M
! 6.10
in
14.22
7.0S
X.T3
\ 12. 60
4.57
3.60
1 Second Feet,
TN A HT»T* I _
DATE.
1S». 1900.
December 23 12S* 1365
December U 1200 1045
December 25 1200 - • J0O
December 24.., 1045 V T*»
December 27... 1045 . - 300
December IS..'. 1200 833
r>ecerr.b<r 29 IMS 760
DATE.
*•
(Second Feet.
ISM. I 19C0.
\_~""' I """•
December 23..
>cember 24
December 23 1
December 23
December 27
December 28
December 29
I
. 10.700 29.200
. 19.700 20,800
. 9.8C9 1S.J40
. 9.SC0 14.900
9.500 13.4CO
9.200 11.9C0
. 8,915 10.700
I
Second Feet.'
DATE. . ¦'¦••• ¦-, (-
t
(-
1S». I 1800.
ISM.
19AA.
December 23
3«;ember 24
December 25
December 26
December 27
December 28
December 29
1KJ.
9S3
743
745
630
690
690
69.)
WUV.
1230
1230
1110
990
1110
1110
990
DATE.
Second Feet.
1S39. I MCO.
>ecember 23 .
tecember 24
•f-cember 25..
December 26
lecetnber 27.....
?ecembtr 28 ..r....
tecember 79 .....j
4099
3S34
ZV>{
4099
3614
3414
4099
itlO
1440
13CO
11S0
1WO
930
950
DATE.
(Second Feet.
1339. t 1900."
December 23
December 21
December 23
December 26 '.
December 27 _ ... .
December 23
December 20.
90S
9-:s
903
9C«
903
849
849
7!S
723
624
624'
f.2\
62t
1 Second Feet,
TN A HT»T* I _
DATE.
1S». 1900.
December 23 12S* 1365
December U 1200 1045
December 25 1200 - • J0O
December 24.., 1045 V T*»
December 27... 1045 . - 300
December IS..'. 1200 833
r>ecerr.b<r 29 IMS 760
DATE.
*•
(Second Feet.
ISM. I 19C0.
\_~""' I """•
December 23..
>cember 24
December 23 1
December 23
December 27
December 28
December 29
I
. 10.700 29.200
. 19.700 20,800
. 9.8C9 1S.J40
. 9.SC0 14.900
9.500 13.4CO
9.200 11.9C0
. 8,915 10.700
I
Second Feet.'
DATE. . ¦'¦••• ¦-, (-
t
(-
1S». I 1800.
ISM.
19AA.
December 23
3«;ember 24
December 25
December 26
December 27
December 28
December 29
1KJ.
9S3
743
745
630
690
690
69.)
WUV.
1230
1230
1110
990
1110
1110
990
DATE.
Second Feet.
1S39. I MCO.
>ecember 23 .
tecember 24
•f-cember 25..
December 26
lecetnber 27.....
?ecembtr 28 ..r....
tecember 79 .....j
4099
3S34
ZV>{
4099
3614
3414
4099
itlO
1440
13CO
11S0
1WO
930
950
DATE.
(Second Feet.
1339. t 1900."
December 23
December 21
December 23
December 26 '.
December 27 _ ... .
December 23
December 20.
90S
9-:s
903
9C«
903
849
849
7!S
723
624
624'
f.2\
62t
a
iOUTB
4S
This
eason.
La*t
Season.
j
I 29. ES
.'ii
.17
8.20
U.05
13.66
c %1
M
! 6.10
in
14.22
7.0S
X.T3
\ 12. 60
4.57
3.60
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tun.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:U
a. ra.. S:15, 1:80 p. ro. <ex. Thurs. nlsht); Fri-
day*. 1 P. m and 8:30; *3ua4ar«, 10*20 a. a., t
p m. Landinr and office. Mluslon-itreet £>oek.
Pier No. i Telephon* Main ISCt.
FASH ,.~.~. .- »,.... OBO.
C0HPAOMIZ GEXS3AL5 nUi:3ATLA»Tl(lCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Saillnir every Thurs-iay, lnsroad of <=Xivi>5
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier uZ******
North Klver. foot of Morton street. First class
t.i Havre $35 and upward. Second cla«« to
Havr? *« and upward. GENERAL AQENCT
FOR UNITEP STATES AND CANADA. M
Broadway (Hudson bulldlnj), X«w York. J.
F FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast ArroU. 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tlckst*
«cld by all Rallrocd Tickot Agents.
S.S. ST. PAUL sails January 29,
From wharf, foot of Fremont st. nt 3 p. ra.
Freight and r*ssenrer office. 330 Market st
F F CONNOR. Paclflo Coaat Ag«nt.
Fare— Cabin. $73; 6tecra*«.' %i9.
S. S. RQAHQKE sails Januirj 8 f
PANAMA R.R. S S
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
occanic8.sxo.ssi
SS AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti....
Monday. January 7. 10 a. ra.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
'.; Wednesday, January 18. t p. m»
SS SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand arid Australia
Wednesday, January 23, at 9 p. m.
I O.SPBECXELS & B50S. GO., general Agents. 327 Slariat St
Sn'l Paampr 03k8. 643 Hartal St. Pier Ho. 7. ftsiS; St
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlcgo), Nagasaki and SnanshaJ, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day 0;
sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARtf
Thursday, January 24. 1301
SS. NIPPON MAUTT
{. Tuesday, February 19. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU
Friday. March 13. lt»l
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. • For
freight and passage apply at company's offlca.
411 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVKRY. General Agent
AMERICAN LINE.
KZW T03K. B0OTHAMPT0S. L03D05. PA2I3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Kensington Jan. }|Vaderland Jan. 30
Noordland Jan. 16 New York Feb. «
Frlesland Jan. 23 1 Kensington Feb. 13
RED STAR LINE;'-
New York and Antwerp.
From- New York Every Wednesday. 13 Nboa.
Kensington Jan. f f^outhwark Jan. 39
N'oordland Jan. 16 Westernland ...Feb. i
Friesland Jan. S3 [Kensington Feb. 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
. General Agent Pacific Coast.
30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
C ft DC $12 F'rst Class Including Berth
l-Hnu $3 Second Class arjd Mtrals.
COLUMBIA Sails Jan. 3, 13. 13, Feb. 1
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Jan. 8, 13. 23
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points tn the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agrent.
CO Market st
From Spear-atreet Wharf at 11 a. n.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
I 3 O R.TL^.2SriD
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
10 Market «t-. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
•s. . wharf, San Francisco:
I Sfei-^ F° r Alaskan Ports— 11 a. in..
S^SJSk Jan. 1, 6. 11. 15. 21. M. SI. Fea.
<?>*?*? Ngw^ 6. Change to company's iwan-
j^l^iWi er» at Seattle.
R'XSv&i 'Va= For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
tS£$M55S& c *>' Port To\vn?«d, Seattle.
/•** B^Hp«gn& Tacoma, Everett. Anacortaa.
anr j xew What corn (V.'uh.)-
II a m.. Jan. 1. 8. U. IS. 21. J8.
II. Feb. 5, and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this comtjany*s steamers
for A task a and O. >f. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
Kor Eureka. Hnmboldt Bay— S^k. m., Jan. 3. »,
13. 18. 23. 25. Feb. 2. and every fifth day there-
after.
For San DleKOi etopjlr.c only at Santa. Bar-
bara. Port Laos Angeles and Redosdo (Loa An-
geles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 au ra.;
steamer Santa Ros» Sundays. 9 a. ra.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay«
ueos. Port Harford (San Lula Obl3po). OaTtoto,
Santa. Barbara. Ventura. Haeneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro flos Anseles) and, Newport-—
Steamer Corona. FritJays, 9 a. m.; iteamer
Boclta. Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Knsenada. Ma?dalena Bay. San Jos» del
Cabo. MaiaUan. Altata. La. Pax. Santa Rosalia
and Guaytnaa (Mez.) — 10 a. tn. "th each monta.
For farther lnformatloa obtain company* 3
folders. • ,
Th« company reserres th« right to char.?»
*team«r9. salllne dates aod hours of talUas.
\rtthout previous notice.
TICKET . OFFICE— ( Jlew Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). *
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AUCTION SALES
J^ AUCTION SALE! Jfe
CLOSING OUT SALE OF RED FRONT
STABLES and TEAMING BUSINESS, corner
Sixteenth and Guerrero sts.
MONDAY. Jan. 7. at 11 o'clock, I will sell tho
contents of above stables, consisting of 21 Head
of Horses; Sand Wagons; Dump Carts: Slnsla
and Double Express and Delivery "Wagons; Bug-
Srtes; Carts; Heavy Team Wagon and Bugsy
Harness; Coal Scales; .Screens: Blocks and
TacUles; Tools, etc. S. W ATKINS. Auctioneer.
BAY AND BIVBB STEAMEBS.Sun rises ..:..... .'............:. .7:28
Bun sets ........ :..:.'....;...:.:'.... ............ B^o«
Moon rises ....:.'... 7:09 p. m.
"William J. Herrin, Utorney for Sheriff
Lackmann, filed his annual report yes
terday. In which he directs attention to
the fact that Sheriff Lackmann has not
had to pay out anything on account of
any liability Incurred In Els official capac
ity. ' This Is eald to be unnrecedenteil
In the history of the Sheriff's. office.
Sheriff Free Prom Inability.
The Shasta division of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad, which was disorganized by
the recent storm, was reported last even-
Ing to be in regular working order.
Yesterday afternoon the telegraph ser
vice was repaired and the snow blockade
on the Cascade Mountains was raised
Trains bearing passengers and perlshabl^
freight were running north and south over
the mountains and it is expected that
trains with heavy freight will get through
to— day.
The Oregon express lelt last night from
this city for Portland and carried a largo
number of delayed passengers, including
500 excursionists, who came to San Fra.ii
clsco for the New Year's celebration. "
Th« reports received from the various
agents on the Shasta division showed that
the Btorm had . abated, and the indications
ware for clear wea.tb.or. ,
TRAINS ARE RXTNTTENTO
OVER SHASTA ROUTE
. Stmr Hyades, ¦ Garllch, ¦ Seattle: -
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart. San Pedro.
Stmr. Gipsy. Leland, , Santa Cruz.
Stmr Mamlalay. Reed,' Coijuille River.
.,Stmr North Fork, McLellan; Eureka. /-
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth, Crescent City.
¦ " Stmr National City. Dettmers. Grays Harbor.
Ship Isaac Reed, HolraqulBt, Seattle. •
Bktn S N Castle. Nllson, Honolulu.
•'Br ship Porf Patrick. McLellan.Queenetown.
Schr Newark, neck; Bowens, Landing. ' ;
'Schr Eliza Miller, Brummer-.; La Paz.. -.* •.
Br schr - Enterprise.- Oullln.. sealing- cruise. '¦
¦ : ¦ :¦' ; -TEliEGRAPHIC. \ .',:) '•/:-' . ¦
POINT LOBOS. Jan 5. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy;. wind calm.
, DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRATS : HARBOR— Sailed ' Jan 1— Stmr Co
nullle'River. Jan 4— Stmr Santa Barbara, for
San ¦¦ FrancUco. , : . ;.-LV :; . ...v
;: Arrived Jan 4— Brif Geneva, from San Pedro.
SEiA'A'LE — Arrived Jan 4-^Stmr Rainier, hnc
Deo U. ¦•¦-;¦-..
: ' :'<::¦>¦ Saturday, January 6.
Stmr Propreso, Monroe, Tacoma."
Stmr Brunswick. Andreaen, Eureka.'
SAILED
CLEARED.
- Saturday, January E.
Btmr rmatllla, ' Cousins, Victoria and Pngret
Bound; Goodall, Perkins & Co. ¦ I .- ¦ ,
Stmr Australia, Lawless. Tahiti; J T> Sprecfe
ela & Bros Co. '• - '*
Ship Aryan. Whlttler, New Tcrk; John Ro
senfeld'a Sons. ," Y
Fr bark Lamorlcere, Sauvimon. Que«nstown;
L Kauftman.
Shipping: Intellig-ence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, January 6.
Stmr . Mackinaw. Uttlefleld. 90" hours from
Seattle.
Stmr .National City, | Dettmers. Si hour* from
San Pedro.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. 64H hours from
Portland, via Astoria 63 hours.
The .commercial quarter of Chinatown
was In high rlee yesterday .over the fact
that several firms had at last succeeded
in preventing Federal Quarantine Officer
Kinyoun from spoiling any more of their
Imported fish by fumlffatlns It with 111
smelllng drugs.
It has been the custom of Dr. Kinyoun
In his search for bacteria and bacilli in
the cargoes of vessels arriving- here from
China to fumigate dried fish and other
eatables Intended to tickle the Chines©
palate. A few weeks ago five Chinatown
firms received consignments of dried fish
in tins. Dr. Kinyoun had no authority to
open the tins and he fumigated the out
side merely, but instead of the duty of
three-quarters of a cent per pound th©
Chinese were charged 30 per cent ad va
lorem, that being the duty on fish in tins.
Then a white broker advised the Chinese
to pack their dried fish in zinc, and they
would not have to pay more than the
three-quarter cent per pound rate. This
whs done and the first consignment
passed through the Custom-house yester
day unfumlgated.
Fumigating.
Pack I>rled Fish in Zinc and. Dr. Kin
/ ypun Is Prevented From
CHINESE OUTWIT THE
QUARANTINE OFFICES
A. Foster of the International Security
Company, 503 California street, swore to
a complaint in Judge Fritz's court yes
terday for the arrest of Michael A. Cus
sen, 452 Page street, on a charge of for
gery. He is accused of forging the name
of his brother, J. Cussen, to a promissory
note for $125 on October 31 last. Tho note
was made payable two months after date
Cussen was until January 1 employed
in the White House, where his brother
ia also employed. Foster says that Cua-
Ben called upon him on tho date men
tioned and Raid he was hard up for ready
money and 1 wanted a loan of $125. He was
told that he must get some one to loin
him in the note, and he returned with the
note signed by himself and by J. Cussen "
who he said was his brother.
When the note became due it was xxnt
honored and Foster called upon Cussen,
¦who informed him he was unable to pay
the amount. J. Cussen was then called
upon but he declared that his signature
had been forced and declined to be re
sponsible for the amount. Hence the
warrant. It is said the defendant has left
the city.
ACCUSED OF FORGING
HIS BROTHER'S NAME
Warrant Out for Arrest of Michael A.
Cussen, Who Has Left the
City.
BRISBAN-E-S&il«a Jan 4— Br Btmr Aonaxl.
for Vancouver.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Jaa t—Btmr City oC
Seattle, from Alaska.
PANAMA— Arrived Jaa 4-£chr Uas, h«ae*
Oct 30. via Cllpp«Ttoo Island.
VICTORIA— Arrived Jan 5— Stmr Tmcoma.
from HcDgkons.
OOEUX ETXAHXR3.
NlflW TORK— Sailed Jaa 8— Stmr AJtoria. ftsr
Glasgow; stmr Ctrurla. for Liverpool: «trcr
Minneapolis, for Louden; stmr Phlla-ieiphiaa.
for Liverpool: stmr Fuertt Bismarck, for Gib
raltar, Naales, eto.
VLADIVOSTOK— Arrived D*o «*— Btmr TJta*>
ver»e. from Portland. Or.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Jaa I fUnij
Ntppo» Mam, from Saa JTraacIsco, via Hono
lulu etc.
LIVERPOOL— Arrtv«4 Jaa t- 8tmxm Bortft
and Canpaaia. from New Tork.
Sailed Jan 5— Stmr Umbrla, for Nrtr Tork.
MANILA-Sailed Jaa 6-Stmr Port. Albert,
for Seattle.
ANTWERP— SallM Jaa B— Stmr Soct&warl^
for N«w Tork.
HA VRE- Failed Jaa B— Stmr La. ChjtmjaLrM,
for New York.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street , wharf) about' twenty-
Hve* minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
Time Ball.
Branch Hyrtrographlc . Office. U. 8. N., Mer
' chants* Exchange, Ban Francisco. Cal.,
January 6. 1901. ¦ . . ¦ ¦ ¦
The time ball on the tow«r of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I.' e., at noon of the .120th -meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time. . -
; C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. »s. jj.. in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States ' Coast and Geodetic Survey —
'Times and Heights of High and... Low
Water's <<at~ Fort; -Point, • entrance- to -Ban
Francisco < Bay. Published by official j au
thority of the Superintendent. -.-\ .. • ¦ .
Additional Cargo.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
Alameda, which sailed Thursday, carried the
following:
For. New Zealand — 16 cs . dental goods, 11 <-t
books, 8 cs shoes, 2 cs olives. 1 cs photo feooJs,
3 cs household Roods, 3 *as engines, • 400 cs
rolled oats, 1 cs leather. Value, $J847.
In transit— 50 cs cigarettes, valued at $6351.
For Australia— 2 cs dental Roods. 1 cs silk.
2 cs plated ware, 3 gaa engines, 350 cs railed
oat k, 140 cs alfalfa 6eed, 10 bales hops. Value,
$4265. V:\-V,
In transit— £5 cs drues. valued at $4525.
- Th« following vessels have been chartered to
load wheat at Portland for Europe prior to ar
rival: The Inchcape Rock and. the Luclpara at
40s; the Tarpenbek, 41« 3d; the Province, terms
private. The Bertie Minor loads lumber at
Eureka for Honolulu; the John G. North, mer
chandise at this port for Honoipu. -'.*:;
Shipments of Wheat.
The French ibark-Lamorlciere-cleared yester
day.for Queenstown for orders with 54,200 ctls
of .wheat, valued at $34,200, and 20,000 feet lum
ber as dunnage, valued at $300. •
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The schooner Mary Bidwell goes to Oak
land Creek to-day for an overhauling.
When the repairs aro completed she will
probably go into the Mexican trade.
The steam schooner Barbara Henister
is on the drydock. getting a new shaft
put in. When repaired she will go Into
the coasting trade.
Watsr Front Notes.
Tho mail steamer Australia will not get
away for Tahiti until 10 a. m. to-morrow.
She ,was to have sailed this morning, but
the i!cn-arrival of the French mails has
detained her.
Australia Delayed.
There have been many inquiries about
the steamers Titania and Pomona, which
went out In the teeth of Thursday's gale.
The Titania has not had time to reach the
Sound, and the wires to Eureka have been
down for several days. There is not a
doubt, however, but that the Pomona la
eafe In port and will be back in San Fran
cisco before the news of her arrival in
Humboldt Bay has boon telegraphed.
The bar was ptlll rough yesterday and a
number of coasters that made an attempt
to go out came back. The captains, after
looking at the heavy swell that was roll-
Ing in, put about and came to an anchor
age. The big steamer Ilyades started for
Seattle, where she Is to load for Hono
lulu. After getting into the north channel
the captain decided that discretion was
the better part of valcr, so he put about
and came back to port.
Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Al-Kl. from Skaguay-
SAN DIEGO-Salled Jan 5-<W ship Alster
kamr>. for Portland.
COO6 BAY— Arrived Jan 6— Schr Monterey,
hence Jan 2.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 6 — Stmra Pomona, Sa
moa and "Westport, hence Jan 3; schr Mab*l
Gray, from San IXego: stmr Brunswick, hence
Jan 4; pchr Jessie Minor, from Honolulu. <
Sailed Jan 6— Stmr j Pomona, for San Fran
cisco.
A BERDEEX— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Newburg,
h^nce Dee 21.
SAN PEBRO*-Arrived Jaa 6— Schr L«cy.
from Umrxma.
EVERETT— Arrived Jan 6— Brlr Courtney
Vord. from Hilo.
FOREIGN* FORTS.
NANAIMO-Arrived Jan 4— Nor Btmr Tellus,
hence Dec 31.
Sailed Jan 4 — Stmr San Jose, for San FYan-
CARDIFF— Arrived Jan 4— Br ship rrankis
tan, from Astoria.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Jan ?— Ger ship Robert
Rickmers, from Astoria.
QUBENSTOWN — Arrived Jan S— Br ship
Blackbraes, hence July 23.
VESSELS ARE DELAYED IN MAKING PORT BY A BREAKING BAR
the early morning tides ar* given In th« l«ft
hand column and the successive tides of th*
day in the order of ' occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the. last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occur?. The heights given
aro In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast ' Survey charts,, except when a
minus sign (— ) precedes the. height, and then
the number given. Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
From the description given by Danattl
of th© men. Detective Ryan is satis
fied that they are the individuals •who re
cently forced another stranger to sign a
check for $150 after they had taken all the
money he had, amounting to about $65.
"I signed the check," remarked Danatti.
when telling his story to Detective Tom
Ryan at police ' headquarters, "as I
thought the fellow meant to kill m© un
less I complied with his demand. After
I had attached my signature to the check
I was promptly ' ushered out of the place
and warned not to Inform the police un
der penalty of being made a subject for
the Coroner." . ,
Apparently dissatisfied with taking all
the money their victim had three bunko
men, who are still at large, compelled J.
Danattl, a recent arrival from Chicago,
to sign a check for $100 at the point of
a pistol. Danattl, who speaks very little
English, says that he was walking along
Market street yesterday morning, when
he •was accosted by a well-dressed man,
who, after representing himself as a mil
lionaire merchant of New Tork, asked
iilm to take a walk with him. According
to Danatti's story th© stranger, after
showing him the tenderloin district, took
him to a room on Kearny street Three
men were in the room, engaged in a game
of poker. Danatti was induced to take a
hand, and In a short time he lost all the
money he had. amounting to $10. Evi
dently thinking that ha had more money
th© bunko men dealt him another "hand.
Danatti, satisfied that the three aces
•which had been dealt him formed th© "top
hand," bet $100 that he had the winning
cards.
His opponent, of course, held four
deuces, and as Danattl refused to make
the bet good, one of the sharpers sud
denly drew a revolver, and alter threaten
ing to make him a subject for the Coroner
if he refused, forced him to attach his
signature to a check for $100, drawn on a
bank In Chicago, where Danattl has
funds.
J D'natti, a Stranger, Held
Up by Three Desperate
- Bunko Men.
FORCED TO SIGN
AT PISTOL POINT
Mr. Hays said he found the very best
of feeling at New Orleans, where a good
deal has been said regarding the new
policy of the company toward that city.
"I ehall make It a point to know some
thing of the pass system. If the privi
leges have b«en abused in the past I have
not vet learned of the fact.
"Will I sign the passes? Well, probably
not. I shall have other things to attend
to."
Mr. Hays Fald this Is his first trip to the
Pacific Coast in twenty vears. He hard
ly recognized the country*! bo great has
been the change. He expressed himself
as pleased with what he had seen of tho
Southern Pacific lines and h© Intends to
make a more thorough Inspection of the
system later on. He also said he would
Interest himself in the affairs of the Pa
cific Mail In bo far as was practicable.
In recard t» the report that he would
bring several Grand Trunk officials here
later he said that such a move was un
likely. At least no plan to that end had
been formulated thus far.
"Well, we will see. I have lots to learn
yet. My policy will be to run th© com
pany as a railroad, not as a political ma
chine. The interests of tne people will
be as much guarded as the interests of the
railroad. If the people are prosperous th«
railroad will be prosperous. We want both
out here."
Asked if he would attend to the distri
bution of passes the president replied:
Mr. Hays talked freely to a Call repre
sentative on his private car yesterday
afternoon. He was told that among th©
many questions which it is expected he
will have to Bolve in his new position nono
is of greater Interest to the people of San
Francisco than the question of taking the
railroad out of politics.
"Is the road in politics?" he Inquired.
Being assured that it was Hays re
plied bluntly:
ajeo Mr. Hays is a director. Regarding
the dispensing with elnecure officials and
the pruning of salaries Mr. Hays desires
to study more closely the situation before
announcing his intentions.
THE NEW" PRE6IDENT OF THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAIL
ROAD.
A* Mr. Hays will be the head of the
Bouthrm PaeiSc, he will also assume
oversight of the Pacific Mail, which com
pany is very closely identified with the
Southern Partf.c and in which company
The n^w president's methods and policy
be broad, liberal and up to date. He
¦will etudy the needs of the company. He
will inquire Into the much talked about
political affiliations of the road, and if be
finds there Is a call for a change of at
xnosphere politically he will not hesitate
to make good use of his official position
In a way that will leave no question of
doubt bs> to his views upon the manage
ment of a mc-fiem railroad.
Tne party left New Orleans December
n, the president having spent two days
In the Crescent City. Sablne Pass, <Jal
•veeton. Houston and San Antonio were
the principal stopping points on the way
:o I-os Ar:ge!es. A foil day was spent ia
OaJvceton. Work on the Southern Pa
cific's new wharf is progressing rapidly
end it is nearer completion now than It
was before the storm.
Tfce F^rty got into Los Angeles Friday
TT.omlng and a Ftop of only one hour was
made. While Mr. Hays W2S receiving a
delegation of prominent Los Angeles
business men th.e ladies in the party en
joyed a drive through th© city. At Santa
Barbara, which was reached at 1:25
o'clock Friday afternoon, another drive
•was taken by the ladies, and then tae
train continued without a stop to Surf,
¦where the night was passed. The Jour
ney was resumed at 7:§Q yesterday morn
ing. At San Jose President Hays was
criven a warm welcome by Mayor C. J.
Slartln. Postmaster Hawley and a dozen
representative business men of the city.
The train stepped only ten, minutes and
thea carae straight through to this city.
The ccmir.g cf Mr. Hays to the Pacific
Coast Is of unusual interest to San Fran
<risco and in fact the entire State. His
coming means almoet as much to the
community as to the big railroad. Mr.
Hays will find conditions here which per
haps he r.«ver met before in gJI his varied
railroad career. That Mr. Hays will b«
««qual to the task Is taken for granted by
thoee who know him best. The same rare
rrecutive ability which the new president
Rpplied to the administration of the Grand
Trunk, bis friends say, will not b« found
lacking in his direction of Southern Pa
cific affairs.
The fiwdal train was made up of Fix
f£TE, four of which were occupied by Mr.
3Iavs end ©facials of the company with
their families. Th* Otsego carried Vice
Prerider.t IL E. Huntington and Secretary
C E. Graham nnd Chief Kngineer William
Jlood. In the Slishawaka were Vive Pres
5<5er.t J. C. Stubbs and bis two daughters.
MIfs Mary and Miss iioith. and Mr.
Ftubbs' fVcr.tary, William C. Martin.
President Hays a:io f.-unily occupied the
finnfret, the Guadaiupe bringing up the
rear with General Manager Julius Krutt
f chr.itt and wife and tii«>ir two daughters
and sons. The observation end of Mr.
JCruttschnitfs car was used as a sort of
rendezvous by the party, all of whom
reared in pointing out to the new presi
dent the many objects of interest along
tne j;!cturesque route.
The Sunset al«=o carried Mr. Hays' chief
clerk, R. H. Ingram, and stenographei.
H. S Phillip". At Castroville the party
¦wa? ir.et by William Sprouler freight traf
fic rr.anapPT. ar.d E. O. McCormlck, pas
senger traffic manager, who went down
on the S o'clock train from this city.
Although .President Hays find family
rper.t five days en the cars all etood the
!org Journey* without any apparent sign
of fatigue. The trip was made somewhat
faster than was expected. Had Mr. Hays
stopped at even* point where the citizens
desired to banquet him he would have
beer another wetk on the road.
KARL.ES M.-HAT8, the new pres
(( lient of the Southern Pacific Com
(v > pany. reached San Francisco early
\^^ last evening and for the present
will make his home at the Palace
Mr. Heys is accompanied by hl§ wifo
«nfl four daughters and his eister. The
preeldenf s special train pulled Into the
Flat Ion at Third and Townsend streets
rhortly before 5 o'clock, having made tho
run from Los Angeles over the new coast
Jtne -with only three stop* cf any Import
ance.
M. S. Morli, the Japanese hotel runner.
who is charged with attempting to bribe
Deputy Immigration Commissioner Schell
to allow four Japanese girls to land from
the -City of Peking, will be prosecuted for
perjury In addition to the charge of at
tempted briber}'. United States Court
Commissioner Heacock yesterday In
structed Assistant United States Attorney
Banning to draw up a complaint charg
ing Morll with perjury, and the case will
be prosecuted vigorously.
Morli is a runner for the Oiso Hotel,
S10% Stockton street It Is alleged that
in the presence and hearing of Immigrant
Inspector Engelcke he offered Deputy
Comroissioner Schell $100 to land four
girls from the City of Peking, and gave
the Commissioner $25 In cash for the land-
Ing of the girl Naka, who has since been
ordered deported. In the examination of
the case yesterday before Judge Heacock
Messrs. Schell and Engelcke testified to
the statement of facts as outlined above.
Morll went on the stand and flatly de
nied the testimony of the officers and as
eerted that he gave the $25 to Captain
Schell with the positive Instruction to use
the money in providing the women on
board the steamer with food and such ar
ticles of clothing as they might need.
Morll was held for trial on the charge
of attempted bribery, with bonds fixed at
$3000.
One Japanese Hotel Runner
Who Runs Afoul of
Uncle Sam.
ADDS PERJURY
TO HIS OFFENSE
SAN JOSE, Jan. 6.— About a hundred
city officials and prominent citizens wel
comed the arrival of President Hays and
the first train over the Coast road this
afternoon. When the train pulled Into
the depot Mayor Martin and George M.
Bowman, president of th© Improvement
Club, entered the car and extended a
welcome to President Hays and party.
A few pleasant words were exchanged
and the Mayor said he hoped that at a
later day the people of the city would
bs given an opportunity to tender a more
formal reception. President Hays re
sponded. When through trains begin run
ning a celebration probably will be held
her*. . '¦
Mayor Martin Extends Greeting to
the Bailway President
SAN JOSE WELCOMES HATS.
the removal of headquarters to Houston
and the transfer of a portion of the com
pany's steamship freight business to
Galveston. Much of this. It appears, was
made necessary by quarantine and th?
company had no redress or relief save to
act as It did.
In regard to Senator Clark's proposed
new road between Salt I^ake City and Los
Angeles Mr. Hays said that all he. knew
about the project was what he had seen
In the papers. He saw no reason why the
Southern Pacific should entertain any un
easiness, at least not until the much
talked about road had been started. From
what he could glean from the map he did
not consider that the country warrant rd
another road.
As the president of the Southern Pacific
Mr. Hays will not only be the chief ex
ecutive officer but win take a hand in the
financial affairs of the company. He will
authorize the purchase of new rolling
stock and negotiate tr-.e leasing of branch
lines; he will authorize his subordinates
In their actions ronc.pniing rates and. in
fact, will be responsible to the board of
directors for everything: concerning the
operation of the system, earnings, ex
penses and plans.
« Mr. Hays was born at Rock Island,
111., and has been In tne railroad business
twenty-seven years. He began at the agre
of 19 as clerk In the St. Louis freight of
fice of the old Atlantic and Pacific road
at a salary of $40 a month.
He began pushinp himself the day he
went to work. In March of the following
year he had pushed himself from the $40
a month position Into a place In the audi
tor's office, which paid $50 a month. With
in a year he was a clerk In the general
superintendent's office with a salary of $75
a month. In 1877 he became the private
secretary of the general manager of the
Missouri Pacific at St. Louis, and here
he learned how a railroad was governed.
In 1884 Mr. Hays became the private sec
retary of General Manager Talmage of
the Wabash, and two years later he was
made assistant general manager of that
road with a salary of $200 a month. A
year later he became the general man
ager of the "Wabash system, and his sal
ary went up to $12,000 a year. By this
time he was attracting attention In rail
way circles the country over. People were
beginning to talk about "that man Hays."
He continued In this position six years,
and the Wabash system Improved In a
way that made the general manager much
In demand by railroads which needed m*n
such aa the Wabash had found in the
hour of Its need. Among these roads was
the Grand Trunk. The Grand Trunk peo
ple eent to St. Louis for Mr. Hays, and
In January, 1896, he became manager of
the Canadian road, holding that position
until he resigned to become president of
the Southern Pacific.
President Hays Says He Will Run the Road
in the Interests of Stockholders and the
Public, Taking It Entirely Out of Polities
SOUTHERN PACIFIC'S NEW CHIEF
REACHES SAN FRANCISCO AFTER
FIVE DAYS OF RAILROAD TRAVEL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 6,' 1901.
TO SAIL.
SUNDAY. JANUAIIT 6.
32
m Time "¦ Time
S Ft.
S H W L. W
T~. 1:05 5.1 5:45
7 ... 1:46 6.2 .6:37
8 ... ,"2:2« 5.2 7:30
9 ... 8:04 6.2 8:30
10 ... 3:40 5.3 9:34
II'... 4:18 6.8 10:36
a ... -4:B8 6.2 11:31
Ft.'
1 2.9
2.6
2.B
2.5
¦2.3
1.9
IJ2.2
Time • • Time "V
Ft. Ft"
H W L W
11 :« 6.0 6:40—0.1
12:40 5.6 7:20—0.:
1:S1 6.2 7:53 O.I
2:25 4.6 8:30 .0.1
3:25 4.2 ¦ 9:10 1.1
: 4:33 ,».8 9:55 : 1.1
5:43 3.6 10:40 ' 2.<
NOTE — In the above exposition oX to* : Ui
Steamer, i From. Due.
South Portland Portland and Astoria.. J&n. 6
Ronlta Newport Jan. 6
Queen Han Diego Jan. S
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 6
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Jan. 6
Kmpire Coos Bay Jan. 7
Han Jos<* Nanalmo Jan. 7
Newport Panama & Way Ports Jan. 7
Mattewan Tacoma Jan. 7
State of Cal.... Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 7
Santa Barbara. Grays Harbor Jan. .7
Nome City Seattle Jan. 7
Fulton Grays Harbor Jan. 7
Gaelic China and Japan Jan. 8
Alliance ¦ Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan.. 8
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. *
Corona 'Newport Jan. 9
Samoa Humboldt Jan. 9
Kureka Humboldt Jan. 9
Newburg Grays Harbor Jan. 10
Point Arena... Point Arena Jan. 10
Santa Roea San Diego Jan. 10
Columbia Portland Jan. 10
Robert Dollar.. Seattle Jan. 10
Rainier Seattle Jan. 10
TV. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor ...IJan. 10
Crescent City.. Crescent City ...[Jan. 10
North Fork Humboldt |Jan. 11
Steamer. Destination. , Sails. 1 Pier.
Pt.' Arena... Point Arena.. Jan. 6, "2 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt ...Jan. 6, 9 am Pier IS
Ranta Rosa. San Diego.... Jan. 6, 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla.... Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. 6.11 am Pier 9
Australia... Tahiti Jan. 7, 10 am Pier 7
Albion Honolulu .... Jan. 7,12 m Pier 2
Curacao Mexican Fts. Jan. 7, 10 am Pier 11
Mexico Mexican PU. Jan. 7. 12 raSff)
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 8, 10 am Pier IS
Pomona Humboldt ...Jan. 8, 2 pm Pier >
G. Elder Portland ..... Jan. 8. 11 am Pier 24
Koanoke.... Pan. & Way. Jan. 8. 2 pm Pier 34
Bonlta Newport /....Jan. 8, 9 am Pier 11
City Peking China & Jap. Jan. 8, 1 pm PMSS
Peru Pan. & Way. Jan. 9. 12 m PMSS
Queen...:... San.Plegro..;. Jan. 9. 9 am Pier 11
Nome. City.. Seattle Jan. 9, Pier 2rt
Fulton Grays Harbor Jan. 9 Pier 20
Alliance Ptlil & C. B. Jan. 10, 10 am Pier?-
Statr- Cal... Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. 11, 11 am Pier n
Arcata Coos Bay.'. ... Jan. 11. 12 m Pier 13
Corona Newport Jan. 11, 9 am Pier 11
Rival... Willapa liar. Jan. 11, 5pm|Pler 2
i Don't let the home suffer
j By comparison with places and scenes
1 the holidays brought to your attention.
• Freshen up bathroom, kitchen, closet &
i pantry with new oilcloth — Remnants,
i 15 c a yard, or Linoleum Remnants, 60
1 75 and 80 c grades at 35 cents a yard.
I Bring your measurements.
¦ Free Delivery in Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley i
! M. FRIEDMAN & CO. j
! - (Incorporated) j
; 2SS-K35-237 Port fit. Opea Krmlagt j
Our store Is a comfortable place; warm,
well lighted, plenty of seats— welcome.
Can't be Helped —
This wintry weather, but In our Drap-
ery Department are many helps to be
comf crtable. The warmest and best of
blankets; comforts merely for comfort
or, in finest silk for bedroom beauty;
sheets, shams, spreads, slips Sc pillows
to delight the careful housekeeper.
Those books you got on
Christmas deserve a book-
case. A secretary - book-
case is the most satisfying.
This one Is a handsome piece of furni-
ture. Golden oak, polished and well
made. Glass door, broad writing-leaf;
lots of room for private papers and ac-
counts. Carving and bevel plate m!r-
ror. 40 In. wide, 70 high CH 75
013. iJ
GIGANTIC
THE GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE,
1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST.,
Having Purchased From M. S1.M1NOFF, the Lar£«st Manufacturer
on This Coast, for
S5O.OOO, *
His Entire Sleek of the Lat'at Fall and Winter Productions of
Tailor Suits, Jackets "'Gapes
45C ON THE DOLLAR!
We Will Offer the Same on MONDAY, January 7th, at Less Than Whol«-
Pr Ices, In Fact at 7
PRICE9 THAT WILL AMAZB!
NEVER BEFORE SUCH BARGAINS OF-
FBRBD. LOOK AT THESE FIGURES:
ladies' Kersey Jackets- • • • • • -51,75 ' B'ack Honiesunn Skirts, linad. . . .95c
Ladies' Fr'zze Jickets .-......$! 95 Raijiy-Day T klrts 95c
Correct Ja:kets- - • • -$245 Ta lor Suits .....:.... . . .$3 95
Walking Skirts, lined. ... - - . • -75c- MackClotiSolts. • J6 95
¦ •• '' ¦ ¦ «5 PFrr* I A ¥ " '" -'
150 TAILOR-MADB SUITS, that were $20, will be sold for $9.0S.
M Twenty different styles to select from."
SOLD pURISa.THIS SALE WILL NOT BE EXCHANGED.
GOLDEN GATE GW^J^ffHSBSEr
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.* . r^
"THE CREDIT HOUSE"
Six Stories High
Eala'a.
Haie'fc
Hole's.
'i^^wBH^^^vSBfi^K ' for the pur ? ose of bein *s c ° nsi . stcnt . with the Hale Dolicy ° f BI '
Jj^ili'v^Sj^Mi^^rA'^ \ffil anc^ f ea -ther pompons. Were son's shapes. You'll find val- VB &
f^^^^yf^^'/y 4 /'.^/K *v n x IBafl $3-5o to $5.00 each — now... ues in this lot you'll never for- JJJj Ej
\ljmj castor, prray, blue, brown and Ladies" trimmed hats. Were Jjc
Ubm black. Now, each 29e $2.50 to $5.00 each— no.v Sa
1T||^ mim] __ - -*qp5l Fancy feathers and auills — a 92.00 and... $1.50 «i ¦^ggg^g^^S.
m men's good?. ahn.iMiflif^nV^ for Sflmnip nnrtpf-hoftt^ Iadies ' onter g arments - W
IV Men's unlaundcred white "WUUl 1U111 = U1 it J 1UF ZdllipiW UUtKClU JUlVOi <, . . ° . tl
?i shirts— made from a splendid bevcral important lots of Jm
ft! quality of muslin with lone? or ' To-morrow starts the selliner of a prominent Eastern manufacture"? snits, jackets, skirts and wool
li short" linen bo-om-— rein- sample collection of pocket-books, at about half the price they were intendoi waists wiu Deat a rapid retrea^ f^l
'J. forced backs and fronts, con- t0 sdl for - The >' ar c all this season's goods and in perfect condition. Some undc [ tnc P ro iK'"nB: power of nil
i/i tinuous facinjrs and split neck- are handsomely mounted— others are richly plain. Here are the prices: popular prices. Ihe reduc- [I*
II bands. Now. each. 5oJ 25 e 49c $1.25 ?2.25 Se" anTdcSlSw? SddS Hi
// ( Men's nightshirts of heavy for 5OC for 7 , c to $I-00 f or $2 . 25 t0 $2 . 50 for $ J 50 to S.^.OO be fore-i* cVer-hav c *?$£ II
m oni 5 °\-n ir ;r ! r pocket-books. pocket-books. pocket-books. pocket-books. !££ to offer so much excel- Oil
j'jji>< cinci cxiici iuij. i\ o trim- . , * ¦ • < • t^^iHv to w^ar imr rJtUt
1 s SL^k,:°cl fiPSt bj £ domestic sale of the S d S I
$1 JSnd. ThSrT, as'weu'lpok " neWCCIltUPy. °llj«- «cn Ucfc« ? of fin. V
till as well and will nleiso vnu a* o . •• ' , . • . . covert — made witn nien col- 11
Wi well as mo.t Wher iricJd col Sevcral blR and J P lcndld lot s ot domestics that came to ns at rare price l ar3 and lined throughout
(/// i»ri Ai? \\!i . ™ S«~," concessions go on sale to-morrow at less than present mill rates. It's an Sizes 33. 34. .*5 and .t8 only. UV
W/ kZVu % n« occasion of great interest to every economical housewife— to all vrho bay Worth $S CO each — sale orica \V\
Lacl1 lfc these goods. ». . . ../. 92.45
£t Silks and dreSS (Wnd^ Handsome cashmere finish wrapper Silkoline covered comforters with , Lakes' all-wool kens«r YH
SIIH^OHU Ur»S gOUUi. flanne i s _ pretty patterns printed on dark plain lining— filled with laminated cot- Jackets ra tan or eastor-tnm- ? \Y
M J 1 pic and , ! P an frcsh 00<ls m grounds— three-quarters of a yard wide. ton. Size 72x78 inches— our price, each med *"* sl f 3 5 law oearl bat- /(
1]/ this season's newest and most worth ioc a yard— our price 7c ?1.75 tons an « " ned throusrhotrt.
T w£f«r ( .niinn"t 1 ,,t C l^ ei Flannclett; skirt lencths-prettv pmk : Wool and cotton mixed white blan- Worth $7 " 5 ° CZZh ~^%Soo
1/ beSnnnrofeerv^ stripes with fancv borders kets with pink, blue and red borders- ' IVdYes'' '^1 'w^Vs-all thh
W i?S51 , !J1 WOTen on liEhtKrounds. We've sold soft and fleecy. Size 72x84 fnche*. s ™ n ' s Joods Cnt Sd fci
i |^5^-h^?haf^d and hundred^of these identical eoods at r,c Worth $4.00 a P ai M ur price... 93.UO JSdg" tn^emost kShenSc ffj
) Fancy waist silks— broken . , •"•' '- , All pure wool California white blan- winter fashions. AH wanted \\j
Iw lines of the handsomest silks . Eiderdown flannel nrsolid colors— 23 kets with beautiful pink and blue bor- colors and all sires. The $$.00 All
\f/, that ever left the looms to sell inches wide. No need to print the resr- ders — silk bound. Size 68x80 inches. waist3 are now 92.05— th- Av\
iff at $1.25 a yard, iq inches i-lar price— you know it as well as we Worth $6.50 a pair— now ?5.S5 $4.00 waists 1*2.45— the $.1.00 WOI
\ff wide. Sale price 85c do. Now, per yard. .25c A u p Urc woo i California made blan- waists $1.95 — the $2.«;o J^l
Jf\ Black satin duchesse — an/ Unbleached canton flannel with a very kets with handsome fancy borders^— silk waists $1 •45 — the so vMI
extra hea-vT quality and full 22 heavy and silky nap — 2Q inches wide, bound — long springy fiber — luxuriously waists . -^ Ooc ml
mi inches wide. Worth $1.50 a You've always paid 10c a yard for this soft and fleecy— worth $8.50 a pair— now Ladies' box front kersey *.W|
WI. yard. Sale price $1.19 quality. Now 7i/£c $7.45 jackets In blue or black— trim- \\M
Wj Black satin duchesse— sruar- Double bed size comforters— covered both sides with figured silkoline J"" 1 . *? th pe ? rl . a °J U»
Iff/ a " t / ed «J PU J" C Sl1 I0 . mc c h " ' and filled with snowflake laminated cotton. - Now, each .$2.00 lined Jj 1 . 1^? h S t ; i , Size ? - v ? \\\
lyl wide. Worth 4 75c a yard. Sale , 42. Worth 56.7. 1 ? each— sale yUl
Wt Black taffeta silks— 22 inches jA JfiZSff mf^&f -, mJ&/ 'S&^^ Ladies' fine hornesrmn sen- W
f/j. All-wool homespun suitines MPpKWt (yty nn /s/">rf>T>~^*^^ Extra heavy cream whits /"N3
Wu in fashionable shades of $rr?.\ /frnfT^^.^g^SSigjBK.^^j.ggMM^'* 18^^^^ cotton ?haker flannel— 20 j. l f
¦rVjl and brown— .17 inches wide. " -^c-antjr^- ¦ n "Wi*"" "¦ % inches wide. Worth 7i4c a /jf
Kjl Sale price, per yard COc Market street, near Sixth, opposite Golden Gate avenue. yard— our 5c JqM
Hale'fl.