; The present .distance of the comet from
the, earth is some 80.000,000 miles 'and, the
distance Is increasing.' The. brlghtneng is
decreasing, bo' there is no chance .that the
oniect . will " be visible without a telescopeJ
LICK OBSERVATORY, Dec. 31.— The
comet recently discovered by Giovanni
Gla'copinl at Nice, France, In the con
stellation of Thetis has been observed
here the past week by Mr. Altken. It is
a faint object of the eleventh magnitude
and therefore requires a telescope of con
siderable 1 size to observe It. , Mr. Altken
has determined the path In which the
comet is moving. Its perihelion passage,
or time of nearest, approach, to the, sun,
occurred December; 1, at a distance only
2 per cent emalier than the ; earth's dis
tance from the sun. The plane of Its orbit
makes an angle of - 31 degrees v with \ the
elliptic, and intersects It In longitude 193
degrees.
It Is a Faint Object and Its Distance
From the Earth Is Constant
ly Increasing
GIAC»PINT'S COMET
OBSERVED " AT LICK
His Holiness "UWerrs^ in the New
' Century^ in ;-; His ' ; Private ¦
; ••.' : -Ctiapel;\: ;
.[.'¦: ROME,' : Jan.; fl.— The? Pope celebrated
: midnight mass in* his private chapel.; Car
dinal '¦ Rampolla;; Papal .Secretary, of , State,
celebrated at , St. 5 ; Peter's Cathedral, where
there : was a huge trowd : In -spite of- the
, rain.'. .:-/''.
Record of the I*ast Year's Work in
' , the Government Office at
; Seattle.
SEATTLE, Dec. 31.— At " the close of
business hours for the nineteenth century
and the year 1900 this afternoon Assayer
Fred A. Wing of the United ' States assay
ofnee at . Seattle , said that . In the past
• twelve . months his receipts at the office
havs been forty-six- and. one-eighth tons
of gold and sliver. The total quantity of
gold for the" year was 1,345,123.41 troy
ounces, with an assay value of $22,038,
755 12, and it : represented , the individual
deposits of 7108 persons. More than $16,
900,000 came from the Klondike and the re
mainder from other parts of Alaska, Brit
ish Columbia; - Washington ' and '.other
States. The highest mark was reached In
JulyVlast, when more than fourteen tons
of the yellow metal was deposited in ..the
assay "office v in ;twenty-slx working days.
Nome's outpuYwas $3,723,272 14. .
MORE THAN • FORTY-SIX
TONS OF GOLD ASSAYED
.'.'In your, alleged plurality of IS votes
out of a total of 51,392 votes cast in the
district, .you are the b'eneficiary of the
methods 'and proceedings . aforesaid, as
well as the beneficiary of manifest errors
in the count and return of votes, and div
ers and sundry Illegalities and irregulari
ties."
i 'Mr. Lentz then sets forth in detail the
specific grounds of contest, alleging that a
systematic plan of campaign was project
ed' by the Republican leaders connected
with -the administration at Washington
and "that a large corruption fund,
amounting to many thousands of dollars,
was procured by men residing beyond thai
boundary, of this district' and sent into j
this district -with the determination to se- j
cure your election and.^nftornpass my de- j
feat^by \ bribery./ because^ certain Repub- •
"I claim and shall prove that your al
leged plurality of 18 votes was ob
tained by bribery, debauchery and corrup
tion of/ voters; seducing certain students
in various educational institutions in the
district to remain here and vote for you
•without having any legal right to vote
in this district; by Inducing many of the
employes connected with the . various
State - institutions located in this city to
remain here and vote for you, although
their voting residence was in some oth«jr
district in the State; by importing and
colonizing voters in this district' for the
purpose of having them vote in your be
half and against myself. ,
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Dec. 31.—Congress
man Lentz to-day served formal notice
on Congressman-elect Tompkins that he
would contest the latter's seat in the
House on charges of wholesale bribery
and fraud in the county.
In his notice of contest addressed to
Tompkins, Lentz says:
misrepresentations as to the conditions of
the Philippines; of President McKlnley 'a
use of the United States army to intimi
date and destroy union labor in the Coeur
d'Alene district of Idaho and President
McKinley'a appointment of Orson Smith
and J. C. Graham, polygamist Postmas
ters at Logan and Provo City. Utah, an«l
my criticism of President McKinley's rati
fication of the treaty permitting slavery
and polygamy In the Suiu Islands, a part
of>the Philippine archipelago; and my ex
posure of President McKinley'a appoint
ment of Rufus W. Lane as Consul to
Smyrna immediately following and In con
sideration of 'his voting for , Marcus A.
Hanna for United States Senator, al
though said Rufus Lane was elected to
the Legislature of Ohio on the Democratic
ticket; also on account of my expo
sure cf President McKinley's treatment
of Secretary of State John Sherman." He
alleges that William Burns, assistant
chief of the United States secret service,
participated in the bribery and debauch
ery of voters In a scheme to elect Tomp
kins, and that he was assisted by va
rious other agents of the Federal Govern
ment.
Specific Instances of bribery are alleged,
but the names of the persona alleged to
have received the bribes are not given. _
There are In all twenty-nine specifica
tions, alleging bribery. Illegal voting and
other Irregularities.
Data of Wilhelmina'a Marriage.'
| THE H AGJJE. , Dec. : 31.— The * marriage
I of Queen Wllhelmina to Duke Henry of
j Mecklenburg-Schwertn.has been officially
1 fixed for February J, 1901. •
• -¦.-¦¦
lican leaders connected with the national
administration at "Washington feared the
effect of my exposures of the meaning of
the Eagan pardon by President McKln
ley; my exposure of President McKinley's
It is said at the Indian Bureau that Two
Strike never preteniled .to be reconciled
to the supremacy of che white man, and
never modified his intense hatred for eith
er. .' the ' whites or the Pawnees, the
hereditary enemies of the Sioux among
Indian -tribes. . He participated in the
AYounded- Knee uprising againstythe
whites about ten years ago, and he had
.the distinction of leading the Sioux In
their campaign- against the Pawnees In
1874, when there occurre'd the last 'battle
oh the American continent between two
hostile tribes "of Indians.
j CALL BUREAU. H06 G STREET. N.
"U*.. WASHINGTON, Dec. 31.— Two Strike.
the noted chief of the Sioux. Indians and
Implacable foe cf< the whlta man and
Pawnee Indian?, Is dying. Information
has been received -at the Bureau of In
dian Affairs that the old warrior is lying
• at the point .of death at Pine Ridge
agency. ..
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEWSPAPER MEN GRIN
AT MR. HARMSWORTH
matters during the war with Spain." . :
•v General Miles Is anxious to ; make ¦ a
statement regarding General Alger's attl-"
tude not "only ..with respect to the beet con.'
troversy but also with' regard /to. other
matters of . discussion • beween them . when
Gen'efarAlg-er.waVat'the head of the War
Department, but: he - )s^disinclined to '[. go
farther " than he -did > this v morning urilll
he, canidlscuss iin detail .the statements
made.: In : the } North i v Amer lean ) Review/ ar-"
tide. 'Acloaei personal friend of; General
'Alger ' stated , tof day>lhat he ': believes the
former. Secretary/ of^VVar has the com
xnandlnBisrenerai ; .on';the",hlp.. ¦ ¦
-- - - . ;•¦¦¦ •.'.:.. .'; ' ' '
tion has been given to General Miles that
any answer he may make to General Al
ger will bo construed :is an attack on the
commissary department, and will be fol
lowed by proceedings which may resuit
<n his relief from command of the army.
Such -action will cause the reduction of
General Miles to the rank of major gen
eral, as the law reviving the grade of lieu
tenant, general declares especially . that
the senior, major genemi of the line com
manding the army shall have ; the rank,
pay and allowances of a "lieutenant: gen
eral. ••
General Miles Is not -In especially good
standing with the War Department be
cause' of his antagonism to. the. artillery
feature of the. Root army bill— an antag
onism participated j in j by : every depart
ment Of the army, except.' the : adjutant
general's department. ! Nor Is he in | favor
with the administration, because of his at
titude on various questions that have aris
en, and It Is freely stated In administration
circles that, provided ''there is sufficient
'cause,-' the President 'will not hesitate to
detach General -Miles from duty as' the
commanding general and direct him to
await .orders.
" It '¦' Is • also- pointed out that , if . General
Miles disregards the _ advice of his supe
riors it will be ' possible for the depart
me.nt to suggest^that in the pending army
reorganization bill a. provision be inserted
repealing the , law ; authorizing the revival
of the grade of lieutenant 'general. 'It Is
learned that the 'article published is only
a chapter in General Alger's forthcoming
book, and .' that i it Is only • the .entering
wedge' for a sensational exposition of Gen
eral " Miles'- attitude on many important
CALL BUREAU, 1W3 G STREET. N.
W.,' WASHINGTON, Dec. 31.— Secretary
Root has; strongly advised Lieutenant
General Nelson A. Miles not to answer the
articles of former Secretary of AVa-r Rus
sell A. Alger on the Miles-Eagan beef co'n
troversy. It Is rumored— but the rumor is
denied by high officials— that an Intima-
Special Dl?patch to The Call
Should He Do So the Com
mandino'.General May
' 'Lose His Rank. • .
MILES ADVISED
NOT TO REPLY
TO GEN. ALGER
EL PASO, Tex., Dec. 21.— The recent
discovery of .several large diamonds in
the foothills near Capltan. Otero County,
New Mexico, has created Intense excite
ment in this city among mining men, and
prospectors are flecking to that locality.
The first discovery of four diamonds was
made hy the merest accident. J. J. Blow,
general manager of the LInderman Coal
Company, noticed the stones in an anthill
on the. surface of the ground, where they
had been deposited by. the large red in
sects. He was convinced that the gems
were diamonds, and took them to a local
Jeweler for examination. The Jeweler de
clared that the stones were of the first
water and were.very Valuable, rivaling in
beauty those from the South African
fields.
' Blow Investigated further at the spot
where he found the jewels, and at-a depth
of twelve feet uncovered a bed of pre
cious stones, collecting twenty frorii the
sand. The nevre of the discovery, created
the greatest excitement in the small vil
lage of Capitan, causing many miners to
quit their positions, to prospect for dia
monds, and when the report reached El
Paso it immediately .started" a rush 'of,
prospectors to the. Capitan district. The
diamonds have been forwarded to New,
York .'to be tested by experts. ,
Special DiFi>atch to The tall
Recent Discovery of the
Precious Gems Causes
a Big Rush.
DELVING FOR
DIAMONDS IN
NEW MEXICO
Implacable Foe of White
Man and Pawnee
. Is Dying.
SIOUX CHIEF
TWO STRIKE'S
LIFE CLOSING
frrtment received a dispatch from Min
ister Conger at Peking, dated yesterday,
fcrnour.cing that the Chinese plenipoten
tiaries have notified the representatives
of the powers the Errpcrcr decrees the
acceptance cf their ckmsnes as a whole,
end Prince Ching requests a furlher con
ference. They also desire that military
expeditions to the interior eecs3.
-At the Sane Time the Emperor Ds
rires to Stop Military Expeditions.
WASHINGTON. Dec. Sl.-The State De-
CHINA ACCEPTS DEMANDS
.Chinese answer which asl:ed for It has
IWen received Vy the Minister? at Peking-,
for they assume that arswer was not re
ceived until last nl£ht. However, it is
Vucgested that the rather vigorous ex
pressions of dissatisfaction by fome of
'the power* at the prosecution cf these
military raids rpon Chinese who are
Knowing no disposition to attack forelsn
erf= may hnve I'ad some effect at la?t. The
State Department pent a stror.? ;n?truo :
t?on to Minister Conger directly in line
with the Chinese request for a suspension
of military < xcursion?. It Is not an
"armistice.'* technically speaking, that Is
nnked for now. but merely a sufpenpion
It military activity. Were the powers
'crmally to consent to an armistice they
•.herebs- would commit then-pelves to a
-ri-OffnltL ::«" >f tf.e V-Urtc-Eec i>! rciuo! «j;
xlth Chlnn. and there are stror.p reasons
why such a committal should be avoided
But tlie Po-srers Do Not Admit Exist
ence cf "W&r With China.
LONDON. Dec. SI.— A d'spatch to the
Pall Mall Gazette" from Pckirjr. dated
Sunday, December ?0, says an armistice
fc&s been proclaimed.
WASHINGTON. Dec. Cl.— The ofneisis
here are puzzled to account foF the
ennouncement of thif armistice before th?
LENTZ MAKES OPEN
CHARGES OF BRIBERY
Contests Tompkins' Right to a Seat and
Attacks the Administration.
Cape Government Calls Upon Loyal
ists to Lend Aid.
CAPE TOWN, Dec. 31.— The Cape Gov
ernment has called upon the Loyalists in
twenty-seven districts. Including Cape
Town, to assist the military to repel in
vasion by the formation of a paid force.
In a preamble to the call the Govern
ment announces the situation as follows:
"Owing to the fact that the armed
forces of the enemy have penetrated
south of Carnarvon in the west and south
to Victoria west at 7 o'clock yesterday
morning. They were going south and
were closely followed by Thorney croft
and Delisle.
"Very few recruits from the; colony
joined the enemy. Hertog's men are al
ready dropping their worn horses."
READY TO REPEL INVASION.
body to-day.
••The force which entered the colony to
the west passed the road from Carnarvon
LONDON, Dec. 31.— Lord Kitchener in
a dispatch to the War Office dated De
cember 31 says:
"A small portion of the enemy's force
which entered the colony to the east broke
away. In a southwestern direction and
crcied the * l mII-jv t.}- At a ,>olr.t* between
Bangor and Sherborne. They did some
damage to the railway. The column un
der Williams will be in touch with this
Kitchener's Troops Worried by Rapid
Tactics of the R3publicans.
INVASION OF
CAPE COLONY
CAUSES ALARM
.-... - - I, i a ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦" - - ¦ ¦
i ¦ . -.-,'¦ ; , .. . . -
Loyalists Are Appealed To in the At
tempt to Resist the Advano
¦ •
Meanwhile Kruger Importunes Powers
of Europe to Stop the South
¦:¦ . . . - -- .
LONDON, Jan. '{1. — The Boers have'
now reached a point half way be
tween the Oranse River and Cape-
Town; and. In spite . of optimism
"of the London press, the Govern
ment announcement at Capa Town shows
how seriously the invaslcn is regarded
there. The only thing, that really -touches
the British public is the loss of a big
rlaval cun. The Times to-day, however,
draws attention to what might prove a
serious danger, namely, the possibility of
another outbreak of enteric fever among
the soldiers worn down by the hardships
and privations of aprolonged and excit
ing campaign.
It Is now ascertained that the Boers
who trekked westward from Vryburg and
¦who were supposed to be going to Da
maraland are making for the Prieska
district of Cape Colony.
A dispatch from Cradock says: "The
Boers burned empty goods train near Ros
mead Junction. The authorities at Ros
mead have sent the women and children
away to Cradock. It is reported that a
commando has crossed the line and is
making toward MIddleburg."
Mr. Kruger Is again Importuning Queen
Wilhelmina. says ti\e correspondent of
the Dally Mall atrThe Hague, to write
personal letters to Emperor Nicholas,
President Loubct and Emperor William
with a view to stopping the war. It Is
reported that the Queen is not unwilling,
but The Netherlands Ministry Is divided.
• ..-'•¦?-
BOERS DAMAGE A RAILWAY.
of Mlddlesburs In the east it is necessary
to repel the invasion promptly, and the
Government calls upon loyal inhabitants
to aid the military In > tbis duty by the
formation of a colonial force for the sole
and exclusive purpose of repelling Inva
sion, guarding lines of communication and
maintaining order in the disturbed dis
tricts. Volunteers should enroll with tha
civil commissioners in their respective dis
tricts. They will be paid 5 shillings per
day, ¦with rations, forage, arms and
horses. The term of service Is not expect
ed to exceed three months. This notico
especially applies to the districts named in
it, but other districts may assist. Enlist
ing will begin Thursday."
It Is estimated that no fewer than 1X0
Cape Dutch have joined the invaders, who
have penetrated further south than ever.
TRAPPED BY BOGUS TELEGRAM.
Boer Strategy Caused the Undoing of
General Colville.
LONDON. Dec. a.— Since his arrival in
London, Major General Sir Henry Col
ville has received information tending to
show that Lieutenant Colonel Spragge
actually received a forged telegram, pur
porting- to be signed by General Colville,
dated LIndley, May 23, saying:
"I am badly In want of mounted troops.
Come here at once."
The above telegram was sent off three
days before General Colville reached
Lindley and was the cause of Lieutenant
Colonel Spragge hastening there.
One of the principal charges against
General Colville Is that, after appealing
to the Yeomanry for help, he abandoned
them to their fate.
"I never heard of this telegram." saya
General Colville, "until now. But it ex
plains the mystery of my alleged message
to Colonel Spragge. It was known at the
time that scrat- one ¦vras tampering 1 with
ihfc'-wrires o/SZjt LJndley in the Interest of
the Boers." ;' "
General Colville reported himself at the
War Office to-day.
General Sir Evelyn "Wood, adjutant
general, merely sent a subordinate to
meet the general.
HELVETIA POST SURPRISED.
Kitchener's Version of the Disaster
to the British Troops.
LONDON, Dec. 31. — General Kitchener,
telegraphing from Pretoria, Sunday. De
cember 30. says:
"The post at Helvetia was surprised
at 2:30 a. m., the enemy first rushing a
4.7-inch gun. At. dawn the officer com
manding the post at Swartzkopje sent
out a patrol and shelled the enemy out of
Helvetia, making them abandon the gun
temporarily. The Boers, however, formed
our prisoners around the gun and got
away eventually. No ammunition be
longing to the gun was captured. The
casualties were four officers wounded,
eleven men killed and twen*>-two
wounded. A column was sent out from
Machadorp, but, owing to the bad roads,
it failed to arrive in time."
December 23, Corporal Charles Cooper.
Sixth Cavalry, gunshot wound, left tho
rax.
December 25, Frank Claplln. Ninth In
fantry, pulmonalis. : CHAFFEE.
TIENTSIN. Die. 25.— Adjutant General,
"Washington: The following casualties
have occurred since last report:
December 22. at Peking. George %Bell,
Ninth Infantry, pr.eumcnia.
fee's latest casualty list is as fellows:
CHArFEE'S CASUALTY , LIST.
American Ccnuaandsr Sends Names
cf Troops Who Htvve Eisd.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 31.— General Chaf-
BERLIN, Dec. ?.1>-Count von Waldersee
reports to the V»'ar Office under date of
Peking. December ?':
"The Chinese v/ho fled Fouth were pur-
Fued by Iriot's .squadron to Sck'en. south
west of Peking, where the Chinese scat
tered. Grueberg's column seized great
quantities of munitions, quick-firing and
Krupp guns. Maxim rifles, etc.. at Sinnan
Cher., twenty-one kilometers east of Pao
\\ -.lis-ltti.- tt*' IcU" fcud • be«a aUaado:ied . hr.
the f.fteins Chinese."
One Foreign Column Ssizsd Aban
doned Munitions of War.
FREEING CHINESE PTXRSTJED.
tions, or endeavor to ameliorate the
terms before the final signatures are af
fixed. In any event. It Is felt that the
gTavest feature of the trouble is over
come by the submissive attitude of the
Emperor, and but little remains now but
to perfect the details of the peace treaty
on the general lines heretofore laid down.
Minister Wu is back from his trip to
Montclair. JC. J-. but is still without ad
vices from Peking as to what has been
done. The report cf an edict frcm the
Emperor directing an acceptance has not
reached the Minister, so that he had no
occasion to-day to confer with the State
_ i; ¦ ¦ . ; ••>¦ -¦.".-.•• ¦ ,¦-,'*
Department.
the note first and then ask for negotia-
this is not an urcor.ditior.al acceptance,
although It Is such a concurrence In the
general principle of the note that th>» pow
ers cannot well set It as'.de. It appears
to be directed toward reopening- -the word
"Irrevocable" and securing more definite
and. if possible, more moderate condi
tions on seme of the points Involved. It
is not clear whether the envoys will sign
Among d!p!omr.tic quarters It is said that
This, last request is in accordance with
the views of the President.
In diplomatic quarters the acceptance
given by the Chinese envoys Is regarded
as a most ingenious stroke of diplomacy.
REGULARS AND
BOXERS LINE
UP TO FIGHT
mustering of Chinese Forces Along the
f Railway Between Peking and
Emperor Approves Demands of the
L Powers and an Armistice for
Ten Days Declared.
l^np^yARIS. Jan. 1.— The Haras Agency
ij^)Jhas received the follov.inc dispatch
Sf from P»klng: "A mustering of
* jTi regulars and Boxers Is reported In
the suburbs and alone the railway
between Peking and Paoting-fu. The
P"rench and German posts have been
<5oub!ed to avoid purrrise.
"Colonel Gulllet aro" 1500 men are threat
ened near Tchior.g-Tingfu by several
thousand reg-ulars, and General Bailloud
has trcne to the rescue."
¦^According to a special dispatch from
Peking General Sir Alfred Ga?elee. cr>m-
Z&fwder of the British forces in China, Is
¦*lcuply m -
WHAT WILL ANSWER BE?
SAN FRANCISCO, TIJESpA Y, 1 ./JAN UARY 1, 190J ':
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 32.
Radical Changes in the" World's Appearance
Made by the London Editor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
*XE"v7 Yf'IUv. Jan. l.--Nc\vr;pnper yrork-.
•rs on Park Row wear a broad grin this
morning over the very odd appearance of
the new century Wor'.d, which is pub-
J'.shed for tni* day only by Alfred Harms-
Vf&rth.- proprietor cf the London Daily
'•fail, la accordance with hi* advanced
.Jlleas of new century Journalism. The
rjVorld would cot be recognized by its best
\tr\f.tA.' It resembles an old fashioned
flrtJg-Ktcre almanac, is four columns wide,
nearly a yard long, and constets of thlrty
tv.-o pares. Eut it was not in the appear
ance of the paper that he made the raost
radical changes. That came in the treat-
Eient of the news Itsslf. When he finished
it 3 o'clock this morning there was hard
ly; a dry eye in the house over the way
lp which he* had handled acme of the
3:!rgs dearest to the-heart cf an Amerl
'•csau newspaper man.
ViMr. Hannsworth cheerily waUced intc
tie managing editors office at 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon and the paper be
came his. In fifteen minutes he had the
paper decapitated, ctst aside the display
type, annihilated subheads, massacred the
ubiquitous freak and put the art depart
ment out of commission practically.
•'Picture* are pretty," he said genially.
•'but crowd out too much important news.
VtVe will not have any story to-nlgnt
ljrlKpJ" than 250 words."
hldkt an hour later a cohort of editors
ianaefwith *la3 lights tn their eyes.
* •?Otf, elr," they exfiatmed In chorus,
ttneire ha» been a rsurder over In Brook
j>n. A woman efcet her sweetheart.
i.ooti »tory back of Jt. human interest.
ueart throbs and pathetic circumstances."
" "Splendid enterprise," was the enthusl-
comment. "If It turns out very good
jrou can frtve It full limit of space— 250
vvcrds. Condensation Is the password for
h« coming newspaper. Everything should
jpresented in condensed form. People
¦<t not time to read' long etorles."
«y prearrtJTpement *he World men all
rie down to the offlci- In evening clothes.
, ,:t Harmsworth never showed the sllght
t ret Intention o* changing his. He opened
-ills valstcoat and hi* necktie slipped up
behind hie ear. He had one lead pencil
¦tuck behind bit*: ear and One In his hand.
He" never seemed to notice his costume,
and was in and out of the oi!lce as ac
tively as the office boys.
PLANNING THE RECEPTION
• TO PRESIDENT McKINXEY
Acres of Flowers Will Be Planted in
Sante Clara County to Be Used
in Decorations.
SAN" JOSE, Dec. 31.— Preparations for a
floral fete In honor of President McKln
ley's vjslt to California in May will com
mence the present week. The President
will be invited to spend a day in San Jose
and the citizens here propose to give him
a reception In the shape of a flower car
nival that could be equaled nowhere else
on earth. A meeting of the executive
commktee has been called for Friday
evening. jj Plans for the event will then
be perfected. Santa Clara County will
be carpeted with orchard blossoms In
May and the rcses and other flowers of
the gardens will be at their best. • •
The invitation to President McKlnley
was extended by Professor Dailey of the
Xormal School, who is now in the East,
and the executive committee has been
assured that he wculc". come to San Jose
if he possibly could.
Besides the mass cf flowers that will be
in bloom in May, the committee will see
that acres and acres of sweet peas and
marigolds are planted to be used for
decorations.
CONTROVERSY OVER
ASPHALT IS GROWING
Venezuelan Government Igpndrts Pro
tests Forwarded From Officials
at Washington.
CURACAO, Island of Curacao, Dec. 31,
via Haytlan cable.— The diplomatic con
troversy over the rival asphalt interests
in Venezuela is approaching an acute
stage. The Venezuelan Government Ig
nores the protests of Washington against
the gemi-ofnclal conspiracy to deprive the
New York and 'Bermudese Company il
lepally of the Burmedese asphalt lake.
Minister Loomls at Caracas Is striving for
a peaceful settlement of the dlfflcnitv.
The San Francisco Call
m ~
AX AB.HISTICE PEOCXAIMED.
POPE CELEBRATES
MIDNIGHT MASS
U DON'T!
/During Tills Century
Don't Be a Clam!
TURN
That New Leaf on the
Century Plant!Mayor Moores Urges Cudahy to Withdraw
His Tender of a Bonus.
OMAHA COUNCIL OFFERS
REWARD FOR KIDNAPER
MAYOR I^RANK K. MOORES OF OMAHA. AT WHOSE INSTIGATION THE
CITY COUNCIL HAS OFFERED A REWARD FOR THE ARREST OF
THE KIDNAPERS OF EDWARD CUDAHY JR.
LONDON, Dec. 3L— Severe snowstorms,
deluging rains and furious gales 4iave cre
ated havoc in the United Kingdom. In
many parts of the country there have
been disastrous floods, landslides and
washouts. Much stock has been drowned
and railways and highways are blocked.
Buildings and bridges have been carried
away and overflowing streams have in
undated miles of country, while the
streets In many towns are three and four
feet under water. At Coventry a number
of factories have been flooded and. hun
dreds of the Inhabitants are imprisoned in
their homes. The town of Bath Is endan
gered by the rise of the Avon, which is
now ten feet above the normal state.
Immense tracts of land In several coun
ties have been transformed into Inland
seas, the Inhabitants seeking refuge In
the upper rooms of their dwellings. Many
.villages are altogether Isolated, and some
fbwns of considerable " size are without
gas, owing to the works being flooded.
More Failures Follow.
The fears of further failures in connec
tion with the collapse of the London and
Globe Finance Corpdration (Limited) were
but partly realized to-day, and the whole
tone of the Stock Exchange steadied In
consequence. The failures of Thomas W.
Egan. G. W. Barber and Fitzgerald &
Co., Jobbers in the West Australian mar
ket, were announced, but they had little
effect. Americans were marked up from
one-half to four points, and the rapidity
with which all the offerings were taken
up for JCew Tork had a good effect In
steadying other departments. There was
even a better feeling In West Australians.
Lake Views f hewed a recovery, but Lon
don and Globo waa offered and further
declined 2 shillings 6 pence. British Co
lumbia* were steady. Lerol No. 2 was one
point higher.
The London and Globe Finance Corpora
tion sent a circular to its shareholders to
day calling for a meeting for January 9
for the purpose of passing a resolution
to wind up the company. The circular
pays the capital of the company Is locked
up in securities on which at present It Is
Impossible to realize, and the corporation
therefore, by reason of its liabilities. Is
unable to carry on Its business.
Major Cuignet Tried.
A special from Paris saya a military
hoard of Inquiry, presided over by Gen
eral Noellat, commanding the sixth divi
sion of the Third Army Corps, began at
Fort Montvalrlen to-day an investigation
into the charges against Major Cuignet.
The indictment charges him with writing
directly to the Premier, M. Waldeck-
RouBseau. and to the Minister of War,
General Andre, Instead of through his im
mediate superior officer, and with pub-
Uphljig these letters and with refusing to
reply to General Andre's Interrogatory.
Th« witnesses included the following
Ministers of War: De Gallifet, Zurlinden,
Cavaigmac and Kranz. and Generals Ro
fet. De Boisdeffre and Gonse and Deputy
>aFcp.. . ¦ .
The Inquiry was concluded this after
noon, but the decision- of the board was
not divulged. It Is understood, however,
that a decision was arrived at on the
question as to whether Major Cuignet's
offense justified his being dismissed from
the army. ,
Grand Duke's Condition.'
A Weimar special says: Th© condition
of the Grand Duke of Saxe- Weimar, who
is suffering from influenza complicated
with inflammation of the lungs, is very
serious. The action of his heart is weak
ening. His illness is painless but tne
worst Is feared. ¦
The Czar Has Recovered.
¦ A St. Petersburg special says: The Czar
has completely recovered his . health and
Is able to- take long walks and drives
daily. ¦ One of his Majesty's physicians
has conveyed to the Dowager Czarina fa
vorable reports of the Czar's health.
Many Towns in England
Are Several Feet Under
Water.
OMAHA. Dec. 31.-At a specially
called meeting of the City Council
that body this afternoon adopted
a concurrent resolution offering: a
reward of $25,000 for the arrest
and conviction of the persons who abduct
ed Kdward Cudahy Jr. on the night of
December IS. For the arrest and convic
tion of one the resolution provides a re
ward of $5000; for two $15,000 will be paid,
and the whole amount is offered for the
three principals
The members of the Council did not de
liberate long and the vote by which the
resolution was passed was unanimous.
The Council also asked Mr. Cudahy to
withdraw his offer of a reward of an
equal amount for the capture of the crim
inals. The object of the city's offer is
largely to relieve Mr. Cudahy and his
family of the fear 'of reprisals from the
bandits and to remove from the police
STORMS RAGE IN
UNITED KINGDOM
Frecial Dispatch to The Call
CALL BUREAl.', 14W G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Dec. 31.— More de
tails of th" family troubles of Robert
Burton Rodney, retired paymaster of the
navy, and his bride were brought to light
to-day in th<» hearinc of the suit of Miss
Elizabeth Col<* agrainst Mr. Rodney for
$*>7 salary as companion to Mrs. Rodney.
The trial room was crowded when Mi?s
<^ole entered with Mr. Archer, her law
yer. She is a handsome younx woman, 23
years old. Mr. Rodney plared fiercely at
bier during the three hours of the hcarinp.
Me had to be restrained by his attorney
at times, as he seemed to think it was
1-isf duty to comment upon Miss Cole's tes
timony.
Rodney testified that his wife and her
f'-malr companion kept him out of their
< ompanmer.t on the train V> Washington,
and that Miss Cole had slammed the door
of the compartment in* his face and locked
ft on the inside. Th<» two women have
boen constantly together, and he com
rared them to the Siamese twins.
AskPd why he wrote letters praisinp the
ynuriK woman, he said ho was only "val
??niinincr"—that he was ot a very eallant
nature and that he did not mean what he
paid. Mips Cole, he understood, came here
rjs a Riiest. and he wouid do anything if
she would return to Canada. He said his
wife never comes to him unless she needs
money. ,\ "<¦
Says She and His Wife Are as In-
separable as the Siamese
Twins and He Is
Passed Up.
Will Do Anything in Reason
to Get Rid of Miss
Cole.
RODNEY TELLS
HIS TROUBLES
A GREAT BUSINESS YEAR.
The New York Life Insurance Com-
pany's Wonderful Showing.
NEW YORK', Dpc. 31. — The closing- day
of the year indicates great prosperity In
every business direction. The large mer
cantile houses, the various banking In
stitutions and the trades generally are
quite enthusiastic with the records made.
The Fire Insurance business has not
resulted In great profits for stockholders
owing to the poor rates obtained, but the
regular, or old line life insurance com
panies, on the other hand, will make a
splendid showing. The leader In the busi
ness obtained and In force will undoubted
ly be the New York Life, as President
McCall has Issued a statement that the
new applications to his company In 1900
will exceed three hundred and twenty mil
lions of dollars, or more than a million
n day for every working day in the year.
The company's new paid for business In
1900, excluding- risks rejected, etc., is $230,
000,000. The total paid for Insur
ance In force is $1,200,000,000, a gain of
JUO.OOO.OOO over the previous year. It is
believed in financial circles that many
of the foreign governments will be ap
plicants for largw loans in this market
early- in the new year, and the orders
from Europe generally for steel rails, en
gines, agricultural implements and ma
chinery of all kinds, are in excess of all
previous years.
RYLEY'S NEW PLAY ;. • .
SCORES A SUCCESS
Henry Miller Appears in the Title
Bole of Richard Savage at
Rochester.
ROCHESTER, Dec. , 31.— Wagrenhal &
Kemper Inaugurated their managrement of
Henry Miller at the, Lyceum Theater to
night, presenting Madeleine Lucette Ry
ley's new play, "Richard Savage."
The title role firives Mr. Miller one of
the greatest opportunities of ¦ his career.
The play scored an emphatic success.
The author, who had come direct from
London to se«» the performance, was pres
ent. The play was superbly Btnsrpd ati'l
costumed. The '.company '-includes Mrs.
Boucicault. Florence Rockwell, Jenni»
Eustace, Owen Fawcett, Arthurs Elliott
and Joseph ."Wheeler/- v
EDWARD G. COFP^CAN
COMMITS STJTCIDE
Secretary of the South Agricultural
Works Ends His Life at
'"..' New .York.
ATLANTA, Ga, Dec. 31.— A private dW
: patch received , In. Atlanta -to-day, "from
i New York saya that Kdward G. Goffman,
i the alleged : absconding secretary and
treasurer of the South .Agricultural
"Works and ... manager .'of the Atlanta
Handle Company, committed suicide in
New t York last nigi: ( . Those i companies
.were- financed largely by Milwaukee. men
and ¦ the president of the : company, .¦ S.
'Landauer. killed himself In Atlanta about
six months, ago.
NEW YORK, Dec. 31.-An official state
ment of the objects of the new combina
tion of traveling theatrical managers has
just been made. The name of tne organi
zation will be "The Association of Travel
ing Managers." In general the object is
mutual protection. Papers of incorpora
tion were executed and filed at Albany to
day. Nearly 150 traveling attractions are
already represented in the membership.
Offices will be established at once and
general and assistant managers will b<;
appointed.
One of the chief objects of the associa
tion is to secure better terms from rail
road companies. The managers believe
that transportation rates are at present
excessive.
Another Important object Is the estab
lishment of a system of attorneys and
bondsmen throughout the country.
Unreliable actors will be tabooed by the
association. If violation of contracts ami
gross misconduct upon the part of any
actor are proven no member of the as
sociation will be permitted to give him
further employment. In a measure the
general manager will supplant the the
atrical agents, for lists of available per
formers will be kept. Tne members of
the association expect in this manner to
expedite the matter of engaging talent
If this is carried out, it means loss of
business to the agent and saving of com
missions to the actors.
The Century of Wonder.
The Rev. Minor' J. Savage, preaching
lasj night in the Church of the Messiah
on "The Century of Wonder," eaid in
part: .
"There are no classes In this country,
and the a«ltatlon that is going: on as to
the condition of the laborer, instead of be
ing a discouraging sign, is altogether a
hopeful one. It Is said that the rich are
growing richer and the poor poorer. ThU
is simply not true. There are more rlcn
people in this country to-day than ever
before, but there are not more people poor
according to the population. There never
was a time, let me say In a general way,
when wages were so high as they are to
day — when the common people could earn
so much and so easily. -
Dr. Savage referred to the advancement
of woman's position during: the closing
century, and said that as soon as all the
women of this country desired the right
of suffrage they would receive it. He also
spoke of the present reform movement In
this city, hoping for its success but depre
cating the exploiting of.information about
vice.
Order of the Holy Cross.
It is announced that the community o'
celibate priests, known as the Order oZ
the Holy Crosa, formerly resident In this
city, but for a number of years estab
lished In Westminster, Md., will soon re
move from its present home and re-estao
lish Itself within the hmlts of the Epis
copal diocese of New York, although net
within the corporate bounds of the city.
The life of the members of the order ha3
not been' altogether happy In their pres
ent surroundings;: for' Bishop Parot, ¦ the
Bishop of Maryland, has disapproved of
their ritualistic practices, and. inhibited
them from performing priestly f unctlor.a
within his jurisdiction. * The Rev. Jamea
O. 8. Huntlngon. the father superior, who
Is a son of Bishop Huntingdon, announces
that a plat "of land for the new monastery
has also been purchased at -West Park,
, on the bank of the Hudson River, about
seventy-five miles from New York.
Calif ornians in. New .York.
The following ¦ Californlan3 are In New
York: A., Baum£ a*tner , at; .Imperial; M.
Bauer at" Holland; T*. ¦ P. Butler, and wife
at St. Cloud; J. "(V. Dorsey at Belvidere-
W. N. Egun at Amsterdam : F..G.'Hans
ford at Grand Union;- R,J.* Jose and-wlfe
at Gllsey; Mrs. Kelly at Criterion;' Mrs.
S. Kelly at Gerald ; W, S. Sussman ; at
Netherland: W. L. Weinman,' L.R. Wein
man at St. Denis; H."A_ B. Cooke at Mur
ray Hill; K./H. SaJti. Mrs.K. H. Sakt
at Normandie ; L. E. JDavis at Gerald ; W.
L. Steele, Los Angeles, 1 at Ashland; H. G.
Thomas, . Oakland, at Cosmopolitan.
Association by WMeh The
atrical Men Will Shut
Out the Agents.
and detectives the restraint they have felt
in trailing the bandits on account of the
very trying position in which Cudahy has
been placed. The action of the Council,
is generally commended by the citizens.
Mayor Mooiv.s, speaking of the matter
to-day said: "Bullets or no bullets, I in
tend to offer a reward for the arrest of
the Cudahy kidnapers. That last letter
from the kidnapers puts such a serious
coloring on the case that it Is not right
to expect Mr. Cudahy to continue his offer
of I25.CKX) for the arrest and the convic
tion of the men who stole his boy."
Notwithstanding the anxiety of Mavor
Moorcs to relieve E. A. Cudahy of the
"burden" of offering a reward of $23,000
for the airest and conviction of the kid
napers and the offering of another reward
of $2o.000 based on the Mayor's "personal
guaranty" to ntise it by popular subscrip
tion. Mr. Cudahy declines to be relieved
of the burden, and announces that his re
ward will stand.
NEW COMBINATION
OF THE MANAGERS
Break Through the Cordon
Drawn by General Fred
Grant.
General MacArthur Sends a List of
Those Recently 'Killed or
"Wounded in the Phil
ippine Islands.
MANILA, Dec. 31,— General Alejandrino,
the rebel commander, who was "followed
to Mount Arayat by, a force under Gen
eral ; Fred Grant,' made a ' successful . at
tempt at- midr.ight last night to
i through the cordon' drawn ; around his
forces by the American troops. ' He, lost
a few mfrji wburidedi I General -; Funstoh
will reinforce General. Grant "with- 'five
companies of tlie Twenty-second Infantry.
On the northeast slopes on Fri'day" night
Lieutenant O'Shea' of th'e" Fourth Cavalry
t and Lieutenant Wright of the Tv.-elth In- I
! fantry, with forty-two, men, had: a two
i hours' engagement with a rebel force un
! der. Colonel. Tecrson.- The Insurgent colonel,
j who was wounded, escaped 'disguised as a
! priest. \ ¦_•
•The Philippine Commission has complet
ed the preparation of a general municipal
government bill. The provisions, inmany
| respects, are similar 10 Geno-al 'MacAr- :
i thur's order relative to municipal govern
| ment and authorlzir.K elections, but -they
i are much more elaborate, covering all de
! tails. The ; mobt notable new: feature is
I the establishment of the land * taxation
and the doing away ol cedula •' (or. head
tax) and taxation en people's occupa
tions. A feature new to the Philippines
j is that the revenue from land taxes is to
i be expended where it Is collected. " Tlv>
i manner of holding elections and ,•¦ the du
| ties of officers are prescribed. -;-
I A. decision in the oan Jose Medical Col
lege case has been' deferred until Satur
! day. . .-
WASHINGTON,. Dec. SI.— General Mac-
Arthur sends the following casualty list:
j Killpd— November, 'i*. Cabanagan. Lu-
I zon, Sixteenth Infantry, Joseph Hockbuil;
j December 21, Callgnan, Panay, Thirty-
I eighth Volunteer. Infantry, William Mans- j
i kcr. ,
! Wounded— Passl, Panay, Twenty-?ixth
•Volunteer Infantry, Sergeant Roy Emigh,
moderate: December 16, Duero. Bohol,
Acting Assistant Surgeon E. P. Rockhill.
¦ slight: December 19, Limbonas Cove, Lu
j zon. Fourth Cavalrj*. Andrew Steen. ear,
! slight; November 23. I'alauma. Luzon,
1 Ernest Hagedorn (seronS lloutenant)^
: wounded In leg above knee, slight; No
' vembcr 8, Augadanan, I^uzon, Sixteenth
i Infantry, Edward L. Kershner, wounded
I In chest, serious; December 1, Jiminez,
' Mindanao. Fortieth V9luntcer Infantry,
: Sergeant Walter Huff, thigh, serious; No
vember 6, Barugo. I^eyte, Forty-third In
, fantry, Julius A. Perelval. arm. moderate:
¦ Forty-third Volunteer Infantry, Corporal
Robert C. Mahon, thign, serious: Novem
' her 24. Cobo, Luzon, Forty-seventh Volun
teer Infantry. William F. Howard, seri
ous: John B. Gould, arm. serious: Decem
ber 12, Tescn, Panay. Eighteenth Infantry,
Sergeant William J. Meyers, elbow, se
. vere; November 22. Hilongas. Leyte. Com
1 pany A. Forty-fourth Volunteer Infantry.
¦ Bvans F. Benner, thi^li, serious; George
B. Rezener, foot, moderate: November 21,
Calignan, Luzon, Troop E, Ninth Cavalry,
Corporal Martin Bacon, foot, slight; Wil •
Ham B. Rushing, wounded In leg aboy<s
knpe. serious.
j The Secretary o/ War has communicat
ed to Congress a cablegram from tha
Philippine Commission indicating a grave
i crisis In the monetary affairs of the archi
j pelago. The message was communicated
to Congress in connection with a mass of
I memoranda bearing on the problem which
is now to be solved, as to the coinage of
nomc kind of silver to take the place of
the Mexican dollar In the Philippines. The
commission has cabled that the stock of
silver in the Islands is rapidly diminish
ing, and they urge that they require an
answer to the message sent September 7,
patting out the necessity for prompt ac-»
tlon and asking what remedy shall be ap- s
plied. It has been found impossible, ap-'
parently, to continue the ratio of 2 to 1,
established and maintained arbitrarily,
and the Mexican money is being drained
away rapidly toward India, making it dif
! flcult for the disbursing officers to trans
act business.
Adjutant General Corbln received a ea-
I ble message from General MacArthur this
morning saying that the transport Buford
I with S00 recruits tinder Colonel Kline.
from New York, arrived at Manila anil
that the transport Warren sailed for San
Francisco with 300 convalescent soldiers
and a few other passengers.
| According to enblf advices received at
: the War Department this morning, the
' transport Port Stephens has left Naga
' sakl for Seattle and the transports Cone
maugh, Fredrria and Westminster n'avo
j left the same port for San Francisco.
ALEJANDRINO'S
TROOPS ESCAPE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 1, 1901
2
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
On the Santa Fe
9 'you can travel with speed as well as
comfort from San Francisco to Chi-
cago in 75 hours. Leaves even* morn-
ing at 9 o'clock.
California
Limited
BAIXBO AD TRAVEL.
To Cure a Cold .'n One Day.
Take Laxative ¦ Bromo ! Quinine • Tablets. All
druggists refund money lf.lt fails to cure. £.
W. Grove's signature is on-tach box. S5c. •
STATEMENT OF CAPITAL STOCK
OF THE
GERMAN SAVINGS AND
LOAN SOCIETY,
A Corporation Doing Business at No. SIS Cali-
fornia Street.
DATED DECEMBER 31, 1900.
Capital stock, actuallv raid up
in «rold coin 91,000,000.00
Resrrv* fund, actually paid up
in gold coin J|tJ»f»5.000.0»
B. A. BECKER..
President of the German Savings and Loan
Society.
GEO. TOURNY.
Ercreta ry of the German Savings and Loan
Focietj".
State of California,
City and County of San Francisco— «s.
B. A. Becker and George Tourny, being- each
separately duly sworn, each for himself, says:
That eaid B. A. Becker is president/ and that
Fald George Tourny is secretary of the German '
Havings and Loan Society, the corporation ,
above mentioned, and that the foregoing state-
ment is true. B. A. BECKER. !
GEO. TOURNY. '
Pubscrlbcd snd sworn to before me this Slst i
day of December, 1900.
'Seal) GEO. T. KNOX.
Notary Public In and for the City and County
of F-aa Francisco, State of California,
SIXTY-SIXTH HALF YEARLY REPORT. V
OF THE
GERMAN SAVIXGS AXD LOAN SOCrETY,
5» California Street.
Saa Francisco, California.
SWORN* STATEMENT
OF THE CONDITION AXD VALUE OF
the assets and liabilities of the German
it&vinrs and Loan Society, a corporation doing
business at No. E26 California etreet. In th«
City and County of Ban Francisco, State of
California, and -where said assets are Eituated,
on December 21, 1300.
ASSETS.
V- 17,000,000 United States 4 per
cent registered bonds
of 1907, the value of
whidi Is : 1 1,120,000 00
1,650,000 United State* 4 per
cent registered bonds
of 192S. the value of
fhich Is M4«,7StO0
Of these bonds $7,660.-
000 are kept In a box in
the vaulu of and rent-
ed from the New York
Stock Exchange Safe
Deposit Company In
New York City, and
the remainder In the
vaulta of the Corpora-
tion.
8,208,000 Mleoeliaseoss First
¦"" Mortgage Rtl Iroad
Bosds of the State of
California. Cable and
Street Railway, Light
and other Corporation
First Mortgage Bonds
and Sharen of Stock.
the value of which is.. S.570.W0 00
All of eaid Bonda and
Shares of Stock are
kept in the vaults of
the Corporation.
tn.T^.OOO $13,S36,760 00
Standing on the books of the Cor-
poration at $12,906,248 28
J— Promissory notes secured by first
mortgages on Real Estate,
within this State, the States
of Oregon. AYashington, Utah
and Nevada.
The value of said promissory **
notes Is ..£. .......... 14 746 260 54
«— Miscellaneoun - -Railroaa, Street '
Railway and other Corporation
Hoi.ds and .Stock Certificates
j>l«-d#;ed to fhe Society for tne"
amount of 631,800 00
All said Xotes. Bonds and Cer-
tifir«fs are held and kept by
raid Corporation In its own
vaults.
4— Bank Building and Lot, the
value of which is UO.OOO 00
S— Oth»r Real Estate situated In the
gtate* of California, Oregon,
Washington and Utah, the isJtt
value of which is 1,392,858 04
6— Furniture in the bank office of
said Corporation 1,000 Ot
J— Cash in United States Gold and
Eliver Coin, kept by said Cor-
poration In Its own vaults, the
actual value of which is 2,(Ut,281 20
Total $3L72«,925 8S
LIABILITIES. =====
J— To Depositors: Said Corporation
owes Deposits amounting to,
and the value of which is $23,659,864 13
*— To Stockholders: The amount
of Capital Stock, actually paid
up. Jn Gold Coin, the value
of which is LOOO.MO 00
The condition of. said liability
to stockholders is. that no part
of the amount can be paid to
them, or Jn any way r>» with- '
drawn, except In payment of .
ioMies during the »>xiFtenre of
the Corporation, nor until all
Depositors *ha!l have be*n paid «
In full the amount of th»ir de-
KpoFjts and accrued dividends.
To Depositors and Ptorkholders:
(a) The amount of the Reserve
Fund in Gold Coin, th» value
r of , Z Mcb I* ••••• sa»"ooopo
Including the amount of ma-
tured b-at -uncoJlected Interest
on lo&nc.
fb> The amount of the Contin-
ent Fund, the value of which
is fig 5»S 17
The condition of said Funds Is,
that the same have been cre-
ated tor the purpose of addi-
tional security to Depositors
against losses. v
4— EUt». City and County Taxes
assessed by the Government
but not yet payable 78,502 ES
Tct *! .$21,726,925 86
jj. j^ BECKER.
President of the German Savings and Loan
Society.
Fecretary of the German Savings anei^Loan
Society.
Mr. 6tat * of CaWornla,
r, ? lt l, *5 d C 0 " 11^ ot 6*0 Francisco-ss
B. A. Becker and George Tourny. being each
separately duly eworn. each for himself eavs-
That e*ld B. A. Becker is president, and that
nald Ooonre Tourny is secretary of the Oern,an
Pavings and Loan gociety, the Corporation
above mentioned, and that the forejrolng etate-
xr.ent Is true. B. A. BECKER.
GEO. ' TOURNY
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Slst
day of December, 1200.
iFeal) GEO. T. KKOX, Notary Publio,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
. Leaves ssan Francisco, via Sausallto Fern:
WEEK DAY8....»:16 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. ra.
SUNDAYS 1:00, 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
'Far*. San Francisco to Summit and Return.
|1 40. - -'- ¦-- '•- ¦.--'.¦'.— -. . •:-»¦,- -.. ,-;, ¦
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPBN.
Ticket offices, Ol Market it.'Saimllto Ferry.
CALIFORNIA N0RTHWE5TEBN RY. CO.
T_iI3SSH3El
SAHi FRANCISCU AND NuRTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon ferry. Foot of Market St.'
Kan Franclnco to Sun Rafael. .
T1BURON" FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET" PT. I
WEEK DATS— 7* n . 9:M. «:«) a. m.: 12:S5. 3:»>.
8:10. 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip at Udfl J
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at VM and
11:30 r>. m. ¦
SUNDAYS-S:C0, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; l:S0, 3:30. a:M,
6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK r>AYP-S:li\ 7:50. ?>:;«. 11:10 a. m. : EMS.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:10. 9:4). 11:10 a. m.: 1:«>. 3:10. »M,
6:23 p. m.
Between San Franrlsco and Schuetzen Park.
same schedule as above. '
Leave I In Effect I Arrlv«
San Francisco. | Nov. 7. 1900. | Pan Francisco.
"Iveek i Sun- j I Sun- J W>pk
Days. I days. I Destination. | days, j Days.
7:30 ami S:00 ami Nova to. i 10:40 am '¦ 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma, I «:05 pmil0:i". am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. | 7:33 pmiS^pm
~ j f>ui ton
am Windsor. 10:2."» am
IleaM^burgr.
Lytton.
Geyservllie,
K:30pm S:00 am Cloverdale.' 7:35 pmj «:I2 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland i
' j 8:C0ami and L'kiah. | 7:35 pm; 6:22 pm j
7:30 am! * I 1 10:23 am j
|S:00am Gu<«rneville. 7:35 pm'
3:;0pm| i I 6:22 pm j
7:30 am *:00am Sonoma I •:15 am 8:40 am |
and !
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, j «:05 pm 8:22 pm j
7:30 ami «:00 am! 110:40 am!10:23 am
3:30 pml 5:00 pm | Scbastopol. | 7:S5 pm| 8:22 pm
Stagres connect at Pxnta Rosa for Mark West I
Springs and Whit# Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for AHruria: at Lytton for Lytton Spring^: at J
GeyaerviUe for skaKss Springs: at Clorerdale j
for th^' Geysers: at llopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Car!*-
bad SprinRn. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Hartlett
Spring;*; at Uhlan for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blu<» Lakes. Laurel Dell Lakp, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley>. Bucknelt's.
Sanhedrin Heightii. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Pprin«s.
Mendocino City. Fort Brasre. Westport. ITsal.
WiHetts, I^aytonvllle, Cummings, Bell's Springs.
Harris, Olsens, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re- \
duced rates..
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San R&fael at half rates.
Ticket office, «50 Market St.. Chronic]* build-
ing. R. X. RYAN,
H. C. WHITING, Gen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manaser.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing; September 30. lWtt.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-«:56. '9:15. 11:00 a. m.. *1:45.
3:15. 4:00, 5:16, •J:15. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and &»n
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at «:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDATS-'S.-CO, *10:(K>. *ll:30 a. m.. •1:15,
8:15..»4:45. 6:S0, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qutntin.
FROM, SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:I0. •«:*). 7:45. 9:30 a. m.
•U:30. 1:45. *3:*>. 4:30. 5:20 p. m.
EXTR^ TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at <:45and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:20. *3:00, *l(>:00, •11:43 a.m.,
•!:«». »2:15. 4:45. »«:M p. m.
, Trains marked <*) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-«:45. «:43. 7^5. 9:30 a m|
12:25. 2:10. 3:30. -4:54, 5:20 p. m.
.EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and" 10:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:C5. 10:05 a. m.. 11:05. 2:15 J »
5:00, 6:45 p. m. . .
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:53 a. m. week days — Cazadero and wax
stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way
stations. •
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy
LEAVE MARKET-STRKET FEBRT PETOT.
I^ocul Cal'fnla Over- Stock-
Rxpress Limited ' land ton
Dally. Dallr- Daily. I.ncal.
Leave— 'I
Pan Francisco 7:80 am 9:00 am 1:00 pm!4:M pm
Arrive— I I
Stockton 10:25 am!ll:45 am 11:03 pmj7:25 pm
Merced ....... 12:25 pmi 1:17 rm 1:1* am
Fresno ....... 2:20 pm| ":S5 pm 3:05 am
ITanford ..... 4:22 pml 3:27 pm ':H am
Vi*alia ... 4:10 pm 4:10 pm 4:4Sam
Tular« :. 4:27 pm 4:27 pm i:diam
Bakeirflelii ... '6:60pm 5:20pm 7:30am ........
Kansas City.". ..... 2:40 am 7:30 am ........
Chlcagro. ...... ......... 2:15 pm 8:00 pm ......:.
9 A. M., train U the CALIFORNIA LIMITED.
Correspond Ing train arrives at 5:5S P. M. daily.
4:20 P. : BT. is STOCKTON I.OCAU Corre-
spondin«; train arrives 11:05 A. M. daily.
8:00 P. M. - is the OVERLAND RXPRESS,
with through Palace and , Tourist Sleepers.
Corresponding: train arrives at 5:55 P.. M. daily.
7:00 A. M. is BAKERSFIELD LOCAL, stop-
plns; at all points In San Joaquln Valley. I Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 A. M. dally .-
-- OFFICE— 641 MARKET ST. and . In ' FERRY
DEPOT, SAN FRANCISCO; 1118 BROADWAY,
OAKLAND.
.»oi"riir.K!« i-4«iki«: rojlPUT.
(r»cinc aTSTKM.t
«**.> rnAHCMca.
(M»in Line, Foot c( Market Street.)
Lbatk — From January 1. 1331 — axkits
7:3Oa BeriicU, Suisun. Elrniri. Vac*ti!>.
Rnmsey and Sacramento 7«-l.1r
7:3* a Davis. Woodland. KnlghU Landing,
Maxisriile, Orotillo.. . 7tl3r
7::i»» Atlantic Kxpress— Oeden and East l*il-1p
M:O»a Martinez. S»n Uamou, V \*Ueju. Saps,
( '» list oj» »inl rf»u t :» K<>s» • J I S F
•.:<»<» a >"i!es, LiTermora, Tricj, Lathrop,
Stockton »««»' '
S:30a Shasta Espre»8-Da»is. W;il!ini* (for
Bartlett Sprlnss). Willows, Ke«t
Biulf, Poi*l»nd. 7!i5p
Ii3O« Ran Jose, Li»erraoie, Sti>cktmi,
lone iSacraiiicuto. Plicctfilie,
M»rj»»ill«, Chico, K»4 Jiluif 4:ISf i
StSO* OakiUif. Chinese. Sonora. Carters... ¦* sl *«'J
»:»»4 Uajwards. Niks and Way ->«:i«.i.§. 1 1 1 15*' j
IiMiLm Angela* Exiwew— &J*rtli.«w, i i
Tracj. LaUirop, .Stock ton. M--rcrd J ,
Fremio and Los Angeles 7: 1 Jrl
»:U»A V»Il, j«i. Martin w ami \V»y Stations •*>: l-1rf
UIHMH The OTerlmml U-nited-Oudei:. Den- tf
¦fer. Omaha. Chics«:> 8 : *?f j
ll:ltU\ Nllra. Stockton, .iaor*mF:it'>. M-n- ,1
• lota. Fresno, U»nf:irJ. ViaaU*. _*'
PonetTillo ••• ••• -isl**
1 1 :00a Utermore, Sarjsr. Gonhen June- /!¦
• Uon. Bakersfleld. Los Aagelea '«.]
tl:»»p.1«ciamw)»i> Kiteratonin««« |3:O»a ¦
Stoop lUywaida. Nil*s ami Wa» 8t*tJ«n«. «: »*p *
l:«»i- Mxrtiu**. Sail Kki.iou. Vail«jo.
N»i*. <:»H»»i«i{>%. sniit* iti>«» »ii3_4' ¦
¦littttr It.uida, Winters. » Hacra;»ie»to,
. Womtlnml. Unhjlits laiitUng. '
M«r>«»"'. <>f>»Mle »•: !•¦»*¦¦
r»:«f»i- NI.cj. LiTcrraore. 3r»ek;--va Loll .. ••!!».! \
<i--j:1H>!- Sn-itrt tiaiUed, El P*so, i.w , * ?
Orleans and Ka»t cl»»l.l*/
3:0«rTi>« Owl Limited -Tracr. iiestio. I
lUWentfol.l. Sang'" f o' SiuU Uar- /
1»:O«P New Orl»ao» Express— It»k8tntml< I. i
SauU i:«r).»r», i <¦* Anj-l-». I'- in- 4
ln». El Taio. O t le»ui and *
Eait • I'"** I
«j««pHa»wardi, MlwaodMau Jo»« .l 1 !} 4
1«:O»p Vallejo ¦¦¦ ll«4^4
«.O«r Oriental Mail-Ocdso. Chejenne. • J
Oaahs. Cbi<ngn "'"ff
fliOOr Oriental Mall-Ogde». DenTex. f
Onwhn, Chicajfo «:iap|
7:»»P Ore 8 t)i» »ad Ca!ifor:i» KipreM,Sa C - f
r»ni«iiti>. Mttrfttiilo. K«<M!>iw. I
PortlMH.I. I'llgrt .Sound «im1 i:»«l SiI'IaI
UtaSrStn VtV.o. P-r* Co«t«. Martinez .3ft L
•ml War Mtatiovs 'I .2241
H^apValli-jo....; ImJ
(OiSI !U VISION (Narr.»»» «4n^e). WQi
(Foot ot Market 3 tract) rft
»»I»A Newark. OenlBr»iil«,S»o.lo»».Frl^>ii. ~~!f
HtatiOlU ,. ••••• •»»•«
\2i 1 3r Netrirlr, CenUrTitle. S»u Jobs. Nr\r
AhnadflD. r«ltou, lloiiliwr Crneir,
Sauta Cms and l'tiuciyal Was
S-Htio:.» ?!•»•¦»»*
4 1 1 » p Newmrk, H»n Jo«». los Galon 8s»w*
a»:I«' Hunten' ETonrsion, San Jose and
WayHUtiona t"***
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. ;
ritm s»» ratsoisco— r>it «r awioi su-mksu*!)—
t7:l» 9.00 lliOO».«. 1:C3 J:C3 8:33r.«-
rnaOlIUHR— rwt*r3rwi*«j.— 1«:00 t8;00 t3*3
10:00«.ii. 12:38 183 4:C3 5:13r.M.
COAST DITISIO5 (Uroatl ««br«). {
tO:l*>A Ocean View, gontn saa WnutimeoT. 1»'***r j
7«»oa Sail Jo«e ami Way 8Uii»n» (S«w _Jf '.
Almvleu WeJnwdajioiil?) **VCZr
»i«O» H»u Jose, Tie* rinoi, Hauta Cm*. f . -
: r*cille Uiot*. l"»s> Unblea. i5au I « 1
I.nls OliiRiui. Hurf. Lompoc autl / 9 J
Priixrfpal Wa» Station. »... 1 *'**:•
I«i4O. Ban Jose and War HtaUotu. xS'i^t
1 lt»O4 8a»i Jo»« autl Waj SUtlona \ s <»ft
t»»«r 8.5 Mateo, Redwoo"!, Menlo Paris, \ f f
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San .low,
Tnm Ptno». Ha.ita Cms. 8^laaa. -
MonMxeyand I'aotHe Gtot* tl*>**l
fSsSapSaaJoaaand Way StaUom "Sian?
M:l»r San Jn>eao-t Principal WayStaUoa* U:I1,
ISiOOrSan Jot«. Los Oatoi and Prladpil
W»y8UUon« t»:0»»
5iS«r 8anJo«e and Principal Way Station* fc:35,
S:»»p 3kuJoaeaua W*y. Stations f»!«o %
Clli4»p 3an Jw»»ml W»y Statioue ¦ 7i3»r
A for Murninc P for Afternooo.
tRimdayexeeptad. » Sunday caly.
g Mondays. Wednesday*, Friday*,
e Tuesday i, Thursday*, Sundays.
O Saturday on) jr.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
G29 KDABXY ST. £stab!l*b«i j
In 1154 for the treatment ol rr!v»t»J
Dl^f-sues. Lmt Manhfod. Debility r^J
<li»caso wearkpiron body and mind »:<l J
Skin Disease* The Doctor cares "»•«¦
others 1*11. Try him. Cbmjt» 1v*M
I'nrttfuaraalffd. CallorwrlUkfl
Dr. J. V. CilBRQS. b*u Fr*nd»co, Cat _ -M
STATEMENT
TWENTY-SECOND SEMI-ANNUAL
OF THE
Mutual Savings Bank
OF SAN FRANCISCO,
No. 33 F»OST STREET.
Capital stock subscribed JLOOO.OcO
Of which has been paid In gold coin 800,000
Statement of the condition and value of the
assets and liabilities of the Mutual Savings
Bank of San Francisco, a corporation dolnsr
business at 33 Post street, city of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, and where said assets
were situated on December 81, 1900. ,: . *
ASSETS.
Bank premises J275.I31 Ofl
Real estate taken for debt 6R.7W 7..
United States bends 733,62« 55
(These bonda are owned and con-
trolled by this corporation, and are
kept in the vaults of the National .;"'
Hank of Commerce in New York
City and the Safe Deposit Vaults of
the First National Bank of San
Francisco.) .... .„. ,-
Miscellaneous bonds l,31S,o6o 3o
(Fromisoory notes secured by first •
mortgage on real estate within
this State, Portland, Or., and Spo-.
kan». Wash.) ¦"
The actual value of said promissory
notes is 2.109.S73 43
Bonds and shares of capital stock of
corporations upon which this cor-
poration has advanced 13S,a-S 00
(All raid promissory notes, bonds
and stock certificates are kept in the
vaults of this corporation and in
safe deposit boxes in th<» deposit
vault department of the First Na-
tional Bank of Pan Francisco.)
Ca*h in gold, silver and currency,
the actual value of which Is:
In vault J34.3H 0?
In banks S27,U5 SI 362.033 £
Taxes in advance 4,oSj di
Total assets JS.017,206 SI
LIABILITIES.
To depositors this corporation owes
deposits amounting- to and the
actual valu« of which in .....J4.-92.41! 9S
To stockholders the amount of capi-
tal paid in, th»« actual value of
which is 3M.«« M
Surplus , S».0O 00
(The ccnUItlon of said liability to
stockholders is that no part of the
amount can be paid to them, or In
any way 'Withdrawn, except In pay-
ment of losses during the existence
of the corporation, nor until de-
positors shall have been i>ald in full
the amount of their deposits and
declared dividends.)
Contingent fund, not including the
amount of accrued hut uncol-
Ifccted interest on investments 33.793 63
Total liabilities .. $5,017,208*1
MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK OF SAN FRAN-
CISCO. By
JAMES D. PHELAN. President.
GEORGE A. KTORY, Cashier.
State of California, City and County of Sail
Francisco— ss. *
"We do solemnly swear that we have (and
each of us has) a personal knowledge of the
matters contained in the foregoing; report, and
that everjl allegation, statement, matter and
thins; therein contained 1* true, to the best of
our knowledge and belief.
JAMES D. PHELANY President.
GEORGE A.. STORT. Casht*r.
Subscribed and sworn . to before me this 31st
day of December. A. D. 1900.
R, E>. McELROT,
Notary Public In and for th» City and County
of San Francisco,' State . of California.
A^great two-step by Eduard
Strauss, the waltz king, will
be given free with next Sun-
day's Call. This is a gem-do
not fail to get it:
i ADVERTISEMENTS. » "* ¦;*;;
8 Wednesday at 9 a. m. we begin our Gigantic Sale o! |y
i : * : Kl Jackets ' Dresses, Skirts, Waists and Furs. Every gffl
M W-^^^^'-f^* garment offered is this season's style and is well |*||
H $!$^\^ik^' niade of the best materials.
B 2H> / i Decided price reductions are interesting to every- £M
i 7 I body. The following items speak for themselves: ir!jl
lUi W\ I LAPIFP- COVERT CT.OTH JACKET?-R»«u- TAILOR-MADE DRESSES. W§jj
i fJ !?r..^.^™:~:r.v.: 86.00 all-wool cheviot cloth Ml
¦' . I r i t t i n g jackets— Rreuiar err t^f| DRESSES: regular price $15.00: fHJ
/ price 112.50, now «P C •<OVJ nQW ° .^tO.OO «|
m M J°. «°-ft ™^ TS - R^ ul&r 812.50 ALL- WOOL "LADY'S CLOTH M]
SS I k inrh rov -niTN p«ruiar £> < /^ rk BLUosh UKhisbho, regular price Bvj
£*%¦ ' i 'I IX»NG AUTOMOBILES — Regu- C|Q AA FINE CHEVIOT OR LADY S
pa / lar price 127.50, now 0*0«UU CLOTH DRESSES; regular price ?£U
M - : --v /»]•'- \\ WAISTS MODEL TAILOR "DRESSES: regu- tM
hM/'-y *v \ Va \. Regular price k.oo, now !« i .izT. DRESSES: regular price $35.50 to •-^ 1
|S- -^ '^*** ta^eta "silk "waists -Regular RAINY-DAY SKIRTS; regular^no: gH
M ' XEAR SEAL FUR JACKETS— Have COMBINATION FUR COLLARETTES MISSES' RAINY- DAY SKIRTS: |]fj
W real Mink Storm Collar* and Revere. —Regular price %o.W. CO f\f\ regular price $6. OO: now S?4.OO Wit
Sa R^RUlar price *bO.0O. now ft42.."t<« now «!>O«VfU c-rDc-r-T cvtdtc 1 . • ~ 15 i.
Same with Cut Mink Collar and Re- ,,.. „_.„,„ c,^.^^,. ¥ T . „ . „., bTKEET bKIKTb: rejTJlar once S>
P vprn /. .frtO.OO ELECTRIC STORM COLLAHS-W 1th «- - Q . 9r».O'» fl
m ELECTRIC SEALPUR-CAPES-Havf 6 arBe tails. Regular C'A (\(\ T X'<V TJI Arir " CVTDTC." ' r.^Ur Hk
real Persian Lamb Yoke and Storm P rlce J"- 50 . now <i>^T*\J\J LONlj BLACK bKlKlb: rPSfUiar |> [
*j5 <:ollar. CHINA SEAL FUR CAPES-16 Inches price $500 : now 9^»^ < * 1^
SSfl 14 In. deep, were $22.50, now.. *a<».oa de^p, elegant «atln lin«d. ReKul«r pi irv rTIP\"inTn OTH CITTRT'n fS
fSA 16 In. deej., were J23.0O, now..«21.r»<> price J15.00. now CIO DA LA^ K^ llh . u^ 1 LLU1H 51 i'. i« OR
. is in. deep, were ;l'7.oo, now..$aa.tM» OIvr»vFl/ — regular price 5r2.5o; now. . .«}•«. «>u j j
ii COUNTRV ORDERS CAREFULLY FILLED. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED. - |l?y
I KELLY 8c LIEOES' cloa ko a u n s d e su1t I
i 120 KEARNY STREET. B
RAILROAD TRAVEL.MABTSVILLE. Dec. 21.— Hugh Buchan
an this evening notified Judge Da\*is that
he did not desire to appeal his case and
asked that the commitment be sljrneii
and he be taken to San Quentin. This
was against his attorneys' wishes, and,
Buchanan filed with the clerk a notice
that on Saturday, January 5. he will movo
In open court to have his attorneys dis
charged. .
Attorneys' Discharge.
Serves Notice of a Motion for His
BUCHANAN WXLIi NOT APPEAL.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 3t— Leo! Getz. an
aged searcher for the burled treasure.- was
to-day : fined - JS 50 by Justice : Rodd.en • fdr
digging up the ranch; of Frank Foster at
Larkspur. Mr.Getz claims to., have re
ceived a ."hunch" , from • the spirits of
the other world to the ; effect ' that much
buried gold : Is lyinp hidden ¦ around this
county.- For. several years he worked on
the hills near this - city,; but found . no
treasure. For. some time past ' he has la
bored at Larkspur. -: His search was car
ried-on with such .vigor-; on', the .-Foster
ranch : ' that ». its owners : became alarmed
at .the « havoc < wrought and called upon
the ! officers to ston it -
tory That He Is Fined.
Aged Man "Digs Up So Much .Terri-
SEEKING BURIED TREASURE:
' wpODlJAND^oDec, -;3U^-The' coldest
•wave,of'the;, season Is : sweeping- over ' the
Sacramento sVailey. ;,.The fog which pre
vailed'..' fwr . . about -j. two .weeks - has given
way to a cold north .wind and very heavy
¦ frosts. -, The cold snap : willbe , an advan
tage to.; the fruit trees. .
fog; and Heavy Frosts.
holders. '. Senator Miienter.. will ;eariy-=;durr'
ing the coming session of the Legislature
introduce: a bill reducing; their- salaried
and he will have the support , of at least
one of the two Assemblymen from? this
county. This programme Is in-aceorU*nce.
with the platfoim adopted by the late Re
publican County,' Convention. ; .. : i. : .
The Grand Jury , to-day recommended
that salaries In this county-be. reduced: as
follows In^the next county- government
•bill: •.•-Sheriff-.: from $3600 to $3000; Recorder,
from 52500 to! SlMiO; , Auditor,- from $1000 to
SVW; Assessor, from 114.000 to $11,000; the
Assessor to pay. all deputies, furnish ' a
military roll free of cost and pay into the
treasury all fee* on poll tax and personal
property tax; County Clerk, from $3500 to
State Senator MiicnterjWill fiitrpduceV
-„ - 'a Bill -Cutting Down Their
Salaries.
Oec.^^
Srt^J^\amb^ff:'SiLn'.'Joa'.qu^:':County:\6fflcfe-.:'
CdNSTEBJCTATiOir AMONG "
SAN JOAQtriN OFFIciALS
f JJeuteriant JJC.'Burnett is to. report 'at
the San ; Francisco • naval training station
on January'/; 10 ? as ;"; assistant . officer ' ; in
charge of the naval recruiting rendezvous.
Acting 'Assistant Surpeon Thomas W.
Jackson,"; on j arrival at San Francisco, ; is
assigned to duty at the general .hospital.
Presidio;;; v : : - . • . .:-.-.¦ \ -;-+s-:l
, Deo, 31.-Postmasters
commissioned:... -, : . California— William P.
' Burise>y. /• Altrurja :" • : ¦ F.i-ederick ? Reetzke,
;Stpw^;;V r^regon-r-^Michor . E..7 Page, * Clat3
k.'uiie, Washington— Charles . E. Moaler,
Pateros. . ' • :¦ ':
'" The. iio*tr>ni<-f*s at .Picard and Green
¦'wa"yi?:Cn.liCorrJfa't '.will ; r'b.'e. domestic money
\Otiev^;6pSQ.ia fia.ttor: : Jsinuary 2. ¦ -.;¦ ' .
¦¦¦I'eniioh**- Issued :¦•: ;<Jarifornla : (origiriaO—
Danie:lVS. ; f Quimljy;'PoIiiL: Arena; $$;' Isaac
H. ;Hurne.tt; '-Vallejo; ;?G; .Augustus Cook,
Bah ::T>iegor ; -"$r« -Increase— Peter Cassidy,
:VaJle:Jo;..^lft.-'-Reissue— Michael St. Marie,
Soldiers' '.Ilome,"lx)s Angeles, $8. Widows
(priglrial)^-Aiice E. Ghapin, San Jose. SX
• Oregon . (original)— Ezra. Crossi Portland '¦
$e;'Andrew-.:'Wil8.ori.-Inciepe.ndence. $6; Wfl
¦llam--:L, f.Towne, Salem; $6; . Restoration
nha^relssue^Mllton Uarner',' dead,' Baker
City; 517.
,.X Washington (original)— James M. John-
EOn; ; Colfax; : ?6. ¦¦: ':¦.- ¦¦¦¦¦¦_ .•r--'.v'."". ¦ .'-¦. : . ¦¦'.:; >T-.-..v : '.'
Pensions Granted.
Postoffice Appointments and List of
INTERESTS THE COAST.
BUSY DAY FOR COLLEGE
MEN AT PACIFIC GROVE
Field Sports and Discussion of Chris
tian Topics Divide the
. Time.
PACIFIC GROVE. Dec. 31.— Thla, the
last day of the nineteenth century, was
a busy day for the college men assem
bled in Pacific Grove.
The first session of the convention was
the morning meeting of the missionary
Institute, which Is under the direction of
George W. Leavitt-of New York, travel-
Ing secretary' of the Student Volunteer
movement In North America. Mr. Leavltt
spent an hour in discussing plans and
methods for carrying on effective mission
ary work In colleges., At' 9 . o'clock the
two dally Bible classes were conducted by
E. T.-Colton of New York and C. V. Hlb
bard of Chicago. Mr. Colton"s talk dealt
chlefiy with the question of personal work
in the futherance of Bible study among
college men, and Mr. Hlbbard spoke of
the way of carrying on Bible classes in
college associations. Both classes were
well attended.
At 10 o'clock the usual platform address
was delivered by Dr. Charles S. Nash of
the Pacific Theological Seminary of Oak
land,'his topic being the "Supremacy of a.
Life , of Service." The mst hour of the
morning was occupied by Chairman , Col
ton with a talkto'the conference upon
"Work for New Students." - : irHWCTfflBhrf
The first baseball tournament -was held
this afternoon at the City, Baseball Park,
the players being divided according to
classes. The nine composed of the class
of '04 men, captained by Lam of the Uni
versity of the Pacific, played the class of
'03,' which McDonald of the University -of
Washington captained, .the '03 men win
ning by a score of 23 to 4. The class of '02.
captained by Cuttle of the. University of
California, won from the class of '01, cap
tained by B,ixby of Pomona, by a. score of
4 to 3,' and in the finals '02 defeated '01 In
a. well contested game, the score of which
was 9 to 5.
Theilast exercise of the day. was the
evening v "Life Work * Conference," which
was addressed by. Mr. Col ton. ; The sub
ject presented to-night was the "Sacred
ness of Secular Things," and the leading
point brought out' was mat a man need
not choose a religious calling | in ¦ order I to
Berve God, but, that If every man selected
that career for .which he was. most suited
and -felt that- he was lir^ It by the will of
God.- he was furthering- the- kingdom' of
God asmuchln a. secular as in 'a religious
.calling/. - ; . ;.- .'-.-. :-..•' -.v ;".-.-¦• :¦;•.. -": •¦'-' ; . - ; . .
SPOKANE. Dec. 31.— Frank Hodge, an
actor, has begun suit against Ed^F. Car
penter. a • mining man of Republic, ask
ing, for $50,000 for the alienation of his
wife's! affections. Hodge claims that the
-woman eloped ; with Carpenter from . a
town in Michigan three years ago, taking
with them Hodge's ll-year-old child. He
says he has been trying to .track them
ever since, .and Just missed catchine them
in; Chicago several months'. ago.' "Carpen
ter Is said to be the son of a millionaire. :
Against a Mining Man of
• Republic.
Actor Frank Hodge Begins an Action
SUES FOR ALIENATION . '
OF WIFE'S AFFECTIONS
Emmington was awaiting trial for an
attempt to murder State Prison Guard
Samuel Randolph, whom he shot at Point
San Quentin last month. While confined
In the penitentiary he conceived a hatred
of Randolph, and after his discharge he
returned to the Point and waited for Ran
dolph to come from the prison for his
mall. He attacked Randolph and fired
upon him. inilicting a severe flesh wound.
The desperate man took to the hills and
eluded his pursuers until midnight, when
he was captured by Sheriff Taylor on the
ridge back of this city.
Emmlngton's escape to-day was due to
a violation of Sheriff Taylors Injunctions
to his deputies never to allow the man
out of the steel tank without a guard be
ing present to -watch him. This afternoon
E B.-Martlnelll called to see Emmington.
and Deputy Sheriff Lucas let him out of
the tank. When Martlnelli departed the
prisoner asked for and was allowed to
take a bath. When Lucas returned at
supper time Emmington hid behind the
door and escaped. Sheriff Taylor went
to San Francisco In the afternoon and did
not: learn of the escape until his return,
about one hour afterward.
Several posses are searching: for the «
convict. It Is reported that he was seen
going toward Point San Pedro. His cap
ture Is almost certain, as his face has a
large scar, which will easily lead to his
detection. ¦ _ -
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 31.— J. Emmington,
an ex-convict, escaped from the County
Jail here this afternoon at 4 o'clock and
Is still at large. lie got away while Dep
uty'Sheriff John Lucas was feeding the
prisoners, hiding behind the door in the
main corridor until Lucas had passed in
and then walking out.
Randolph of San Quentin,
Gains Freedom.
Emmington, the Assailant of Guard
EX-CONVICT ESCAPES
FROM MARIN'S JAIL
Over 300 head of pure bred -and high
grade cattle have been entered for the
exhibition. This stock is from Missouri,
Illinois, Kansas, Colorado, Iowa, Nebras
ka and Utah. Most of it will be offered
for sale at the close of the show and it
will therefore attract considerable atten
tion from the breeders of this and ad-
Joining States.
The mall of the national association as
well as the general committee in this city
Is daily burdened with letters containing
the same information. All of them ask:
"Will the Southern breeders be at your
meeting" If they are coming up, we will
be there to talk business and make con
tracts for this year."
J. M. Boardman, ore of the leading cat
tlemen of Montana. In a recent conver
sation said: "Our State has not over 43
per cent of the cattle on the range that
ft should have. The percentage has been
growing less for two or three years past,
and our grasses are going to waste be
cause of lack of stock to" eat it. We have
held oft buying because we thought South
ern prices too high, but as present Indi
cations are that they will be maintained
for some years to come, I believe the
feeling to stock up again Is becoming gen
eral among- our people. If we cannot
make contracts for steers at Salt Lake In
January we will be compelled to go to
New Mexico, Arizona, Oklahoma and
Texas and pick them up as we can."
The demand for steers this year will
be greater than heretofore for several rea
son?. The Asiatic orders at the Pacific
Coast markets during the last twelve
months have been so 'great that the terri
tory usually depended upon to supply
them has been completely denuded of all
desirable cattle, and. the railroads to-day
are called upon to carry stork to these
Western markets from Wyoming. Mon
tana, Utah and even Western Colorado
In numbers heretofore unheard of. The
demands made upon the northern and
western terri^rv by the Eastern mar
ket* have beeiT equally as pressing, with
the result, as one Montana man expressed
it. that "there are no cattle in our coun
try."
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah. Dec. 31.—
Heretofore the annual convention of the
National Livestock Association has been
the occasion of a vast amount of trading
between the range men of the North and
the breeders from the Southern States.
Salt Lake City, during the week begin
ning January 14, promises to break all
previous records as a market for young
Southern steers, and it will be no great
surprise if contracts for spring delivery
amounting to $2,500,000 will be signed up
during the seyen days the stockmen are
here.
Westsrn Market Is Unable
to Supply the Present
Requirements.
SOUTHERN STEERS
ARE IK DEMAND
Lumber, : ;and '-:Pianlny:.MHl2n^'^eeii'.'pJjps.ed
ind^n\tely4'- : thtowlne'-%(^.:\tn.en:iout^6iV^ih-.
ploymentj ¦: !The payroll .to about,
$4000 monthly, and the shutting: down "of
•the ;! mHi;- : Vwhl(eh:vwitt»'-.oh^.:;Qt/;ihe"\la'rR>ai
in the interior. Is a. blow to the' clty. : .The
financial-condition of the • property : Is -said
to;' be .good, but- H; • K- Moore'; who; with
the Moore minors, is the principal owner;
says, that he knew nothing; of .the' lumber
business and could not at : - his ¦ advanced'
age give: the business- the attention it re- !
quired. '- The Jj. E." White .Lumber : . Com
pany, of San Francisco "is a. large 'stock
holdenjayjggyBg IBnSaStfUSS^CS^
Stockton . EumbaV 'MUi:;Closed;
PETALUMA, Dec 31.— Peter Schubert.
a civil -war veteran, took a dose of. iodine
this morning at his home here under the
Impression 'that it was cough medicine.
The s lodfaeand cough cure .were, in- sfrrilr
.Jarly -shaped bottles' and placed ori - a 'shelf '
together. y- Schubert was invthe custom." Of.
taking a: °* niedlclne every .morning;
arid.'thla tinio^ .'lie got.holiSQf; .the.^wfoni?:
: bottle.- vThe / cough -medicine-., w;as- ¦¦'bitter
;ap'd/'he! j alwaya-- drank 'V qtii^kly; ;Thus ; h«
'dld..-hot :rtptic« .his .•mistake " until. "h« : had
-sfcTBtlloSyed -all of -the. lodinfe.A^ physieian^
¦ ; W.h;a:.caHed'i^atid-with. t^QM^tp^t0i^0s
•pump relieved' t.ho patient. : ; :,. ; '¦.:¦•¦.¦¦¦:•:-.¦,-;¦;¦-.
SEATTLE, Dec. Sl.-,Robert Moran,
head of the shipbuilding firm of Moran
Bros, of this city, returned from Wash
ington yesterday, where he has been in
connection with his company's bid for the
construction of one of the new sheathed
battleships. lie says the firm's bid has
been scaled dawn to Its limit, * which is
about $100,000 in excess of' the limit Hxeil
by Congress. The project will not be
abandoned, but will be laid before the
Seattle Chamber of Commerce to-day.
That body will decide whether or not It
Js worth while to the city to guarantee
the difference between the. Morans" bid
and the limit fixed by Congress.
Swallows Iodine by Mistake. \
Contribute Toward Battle
ship's Cost.
Seattle Chamber of Commerce May
Two letters written by Peterson and ad
dressed to Supervisor Ole 'Simonson were
found. They directed that his property
be sold and the proceeds forwarded to
his sisters In Chicago and Norway. No
reason for the suicide is known. Peterson
was unmarried.
M0B.ANS DECLINE TO
REDUCE THEIR BID
UKIAH, Dec. 31.— August Peterson, a
prosperous farmer of Little Lake Valley,
in this county, committed suicide by
Bhootlng- himself through the head early
yesterday -morning. The deceased was a
native of Norway, aged about 32 years.
Two neighbors who went to his place yes
terday found his body on the hearth In his
sitting-room. A pistol was lying by its
side, and an examination showed that a
bullet had entered the ear, penetrating the
brain.
Dwelling Near Ukiah.
August Peterson Found Dead in His
FARMER COMMITS SUICIDE.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 31.— The
last spike on the rJ Southern Pa
cific gap was <jri//n this after
noon, when the riHsr were laid
across the Alcatraz vt- lluet a tew miles
south of Gavlota, The hoast road is now
complete. This (foes n||t mean that it i«
ready for train service. Between twenty
live and thirty miles of the»new track
remain to be ballasted. This is being done
with crushed rock from tho San Luis
Obispo crusher at the rate of about one
mile a day, .which is fast work. Officials
here say they have an intimation that
the middle of February will hardly see a
regular schedule. There were no ceremo
nies when the last spike was driven..
Gap Between Santa Barbara
and Surf.
Rails Now Span the Southern Pacific
IiAST SPIKE DRIVEN .
ON THE COAST LINE
$2300; Treasurer, from $2500 to $1600;. Tax
Collector. -from $lt*0 to $800; County Su
perintendent of Schools, dispensing with
mileage; Supervisors, from $900 each to
$600; Road Commissioner's, mileage not to
exceed $300; District Attorneys, no change;
Assistant District Attorney, from $1&<JO to
I120-J. • . ¦'
Mrs. Allen possesses all her. senses and
they .are comparatively: unimpaired, ex
cept that her. eyesight is dim.
A few yeara later Mrs. Hankerd, became
Mrs. Thomas Allen.After a long residence
at Sidney Mr. and Mrs.' Allen removed to
Beechville, ,Ont.. where twenty-eight
years ago Mr. Allen died. Allen had par
ticipated in the battle of Waterloo and
was a : pensioner of the , British Govern
ment. ;
After the lapse of a year she married
Michael Hankerd, : an Irishman. Hankerd
lived scarcely more than a year. Three,
months after his death a little girl was
born to the widow, who was then 51 years
of age. This little girl is Mrs. John Mor
rison, > herself a widow, with whom the
aged woman now makes her home.
Mrs. Allen' was born In Invernesshlre,
Scotland, December 23, 1798. Her father
was Duncan MacDonald, a ship carpen
ter, lie lived to be 98 years old. Mrs. Al
len has been three times widowed. Her
third husband' died twenty-eight years
ago. She was first married In 1819. Her
husband was Allen Black, who followed
the calling of a ship , 'carpenter. Three
boys came to blesS this union, two. of
whom' died In Infancy. The son that lived
and grew to maturity Is Duncan Black,
who has for years resided in Detroit,
Mich. Allen Black left Scotland with his
wife and boy for Nova Scotia in 1846.
Black died on the way across the Atlan
tic. The widow and her son settled near
what became Sidney, Nova Scotia.
Mrs. Margaret Allen, aged 102 years,
makes her home with her. daughter, Mrs.
John Morrison, in a modest cottage on
North J street. At a family reunion to
morrow her relatives will celebrate her
good health. A week ago Saturday even-
Ing hei;,ohe hundred and second birthday
was observed. Not the least merry.in the
party was the centenarian, who danced
and sang just to show that time , had
neither aged her heart nor stiffened her
limbs.
TACOMA. Jan. 1.— Tacoma has one resi
dent that has lived in three centuries. She
was born in the latter part of the eight
eenth century, lived through the nine
teenth century and at midnight last night
made a start on the twentieth century. •
Special Dispatch to The Call
Born in Eighteenth Cantury,
Mrs. Allen Sees Dawri'of
the Twentieth.
TACOMA WOMAN'S
WEALTH OF YEARS
v- ¦; ' .¦ - ¦¦•
FATHER- TIME— WELL. IT'S UP TO YOU, SONNY. TROT ALONG NOW. !. *
YOUNG CENTURY— IT'S A PRETTY TOUGH PACKAGE TO HAND TO A YOUNG FELLOW, BUT I GUESS I CAN
MANAGE IT. '-.'*¦'>-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadwt.y, Dec. 31.
' Ttoe committee of arrangements for the
Sta"te conference of charities and correc
tlbns has completed th6 programme for
the four days' convention which will open
Friday evening at the First Congrega
tional Church. A reception to Dr. Has
tings H. Hart, superintendent for the Illi
nois board, of State aid for children, will
be given Friday afternoon at from 3 to 5
o'clock-at the Social Settlement, 709 LJn
den street. Dr. Hart is secretary of the
national conference of charities and cor
rections. . ¦
The opening session will be devoted to
addresses by Mayor Snow, Hon. Horace
Davis, president of the conference, and
Dr. Hart, followed by a general discussion
upon the objects of the conference.
The remainder of the conference pro
gramme is as follows: 18X0
Saturday, January 6— Morning session: Social
work of the Y. M. C. A.; kindergartens; J.
W. McClymonds, chairman.
Saturday afternoon— Constructive work, pro
gramme in charge of Professor Mary Roberts
Smith of Stanford, subjects: "The Compulsory
School . Uw." report. by Association of College
Alumnae: "District -JsurelaK," Miss Octavine..
Brlgg». • .
Saturday evening— Prison system of Cali
fornia, programme In charge of . Robert Fitz
gerald,-Prison Commissioner; "Reform Schools
of the State," -Sherman Smith, superintendent
of -Whittler.
Sunday— Conference sermon by Rev. Charles
It. Brown of Oakland.
Sunday afternoon— The Institutional church.
Sunday evening — Child «avlng lecture. Illus
trated with Btereopticon Views, I>r; II. H.
Hart.
Monday morning— "California's Care for the
Keeble Minded." - Dr. A. E. Osborne; "State
Hospital* for the Insane." Dr. Hatch, Super
intendent of State HoHiiUals; "County Intlrm
aries," chaplain of the Son Francisco City and
County Infirmary.
Monday afternoon— "Dependent Children,"
suggestions from II. H. Hart on the care of
dependent children in California; Informal dis
cussion by directors and superintendents of
children's homes, programme In charge of Miss
Miner and Mies Trevor, dlscuulon to be opened
by Father Crowley of the Youths' 'Directory.
Points to be considered: (I) What can be done
to develop the Individuality of the institution
child? (2) What becomes of the Institution
child after 14? {3) la it advisable that an in
stitution providing aupport for the child should
require a surrender of guardianship from the
parents? Settlemt?n: work, JJr. Dorothea
Moore, Mies Alice Coliurn. I
Monday evening— "Co-operation Between Pub-
Mo and Private Charities,". Mrs. Pauline Dohr
mann, delegate from the Associated Charities
of Stockton:- "The Denver and Liverpool Plan
of Supporting Private Charities," Mr. Davis
of the Merchants' Association, San Francisco.
(In Denver the charities are supported from a
common fund raised by a board of prominent
citizens, and it Is understood that no one who
contributes to the general fund will lie so
licited for money or ottered tickets by any of
the charities so supported.)
Sessions wilt be open to the public. Morning
sessions will begin at 9.30 -o'clock. Afternoon
sesslsns at 2 o'clock, and evening ses-slons at 8
o'clock.
Special hotel rates have been secured
for those atendlng the conference from
$1 50 a day up, at the Hotel Crellln, Hotel
Albany, Hotel Tourame and Hotel Metro
pole. .
Following are the committees:
State committee of Indorsement— Senator
Thomas R. Hard, Rev. Charles Brown, Dr.
Charlotte Brown, J. K. Collins. Horace Davis,
William R. DaviB. President David Starr Jor
dan. .'William H. Mllln, Rt. Rev. \V. K. Nichols,
Warren Olney, ! Georg 1 * ¦ C Pardee. Senator
fJeorge C. Perkins. Professor Mary Roberts
Smith. President Benjamin Ide Wheeler, Rev.
J. K. Mcl-rf-an, ReV. Thcmas McSweeney. Rev.
I). O. Crowley, John M. Barnett and Rev. Dr.
Jacob Vooreanger.
.Local, committee of arrangements— B. H.
Pendleton, chairman; 1). Kdward Collins,
t-lialrinun of finance committee; Charles Mur
doch. ' chairman of San Kranclsco committee;
J. B. Richardson, chairman of committee on
legislation; diaries S. Green, Mrs. John dish-
Ing, press committee; Katharine C. Felton,
general secretary.
lteception. cominttteo-R. W. Snow. Mayor;
S. P. Hall. Judge Superior -Court; John Allen,
District Attorney; • Fred K. Stratum. Mrs.
Henry A. Butters, Dr. S. I. Shuey. Mrs. C.
C Clay, Mrs. Robert Watt, Mrs. Paul I»hse,
Mrs. C. R. Mrown, Mrs. Jame* MoRltt. Mrs.
Henry Wadsworth, Dr. Myra Knox, Mrs. V.
M. Smith. Dr. -A. Ulllencrantz, Mrs. O. M.
McNear. Miss Annie Alexander, Mr*. R. C.
Craft, Mrs. J. J. Val»ntine. Mrs. M. H. Coffee.
Mrs. D. F. Oliver, Mrs. K. A. Bulkley, Mrs.
It. II. Chamberlain. Mrs. II. B. Smith. Mrx.
John Yule. Mre. G. W. Bunnell. Mrs. John
Glascock. Mrn. I. 'I* llequa. Miss Helen Pen
dleton. Mrs. Matilda Brown, Mrs. E. C. Ses
sions, MIsh Sarah Morton, Mrs. W. S. Sharon,
Judge Van Dyke. Mrs. C. M. Cooke, Mrs. T.
L. Barker, Mrs. George E. Whitney, John P.
Irish. Mrs. S. B. Cheek. Dr. Kdward von Ade
lung and Miss Ethel Moore.
Conference Committee ? An
nounces Programme of
the Session.
Convention Opens Friday. "With Re
ception to Dr. Hastings H. Hart,
the Eminent Eastern
Expert.
STATE CHARITIES
TO BE THE THEME
PASSING THE BUCK OF THE AGES.
THREE OUTUWS
ROB A STAGE
Relieve the Passengers of
Several Hundred Dol
lars in Coin.
Driver cf a Coach on the Harri*on
Hot Springs line Is Compelled'
to Give Up the Ex-
press Box..
Special Dispatch to Tfce Call
VANCOUVER, Dec. 3L— The Harrison,
Hot Springs mail nage was held up at
1:30 o'clock this aiternoon by three
masked highwaymen. The state was
passing througti a belt of woods five miles
from Affassiz Static n. on the line of the
Canadian Pacific Railway, about sixty
miles from Vancouver, when a tall man
holding' a rifle sten>ed from the bushes
aad seized the horses' bridles. At the
cunt moment two other men presented a
rifle from either side, covering the driver
and the nine passer gerb within the coach.
The latter were rr-ostly travelers from
i Vancouver and coast cities going into
Harrison, a village of 500 people and fa
mous baths. One of the passengers was
a woman.
All held up their nanfis and they were
then requested to climb out and line up
for examination. One of the robbera
searched their p^cketb. obtaining money
and valuables worth $500 or $6C0.
A consignment of Government timber
dues of t'Md was supposed to be on the
coach, but It had in r eallty been shipped
by another route. Five mail pouches
were cut open and their contents exam
ined. A Dominion express package, which
contained several thousands' worth of pa
per but little actual ca*h, was taken. The
robbers then allowed the men to resume
their places and ordered the driver to
hurry forward.
The woman, who evidently was poor,
had only 65 cents, and the tallest robber
cave the money back to her, saying that
he could not take so small an amount for
New Year's. Ke took a $5 piece that he
had just extracted from another man's
pocket and handed It to her.
This Is the second time in a year and a
iialf that this stagro has been held up in
the same spot. On the last occasion a
comparatively small haul was made by
a lone highwayman. The provincial po
lice are making every effort to locate the
robbers.
DESTBT7CTTVE FIEES
AT CENTURY'S CLOSE
Valuable Property in Iowa, "Wiscon-
sin, Michigan and Pennsylvania
Gees Up in Smoke.
BHEPOTGAN'. Wis.. Dec. SL— Fire
oroke out tnis afternoon In the Reiss Coal
Company's dock No. L tea moment the
entire dock was wrapped in flames. The
CSS. it is stated, will reach $15,000. The
ause of the fire was spontaneous combus-
Jon.
FAIHBANKS. Iowa, Dec. 3L— Fire to
lay destroyed nine business buildings.
The entire destruction of the village was
prevented only by the tearing: down of
leveral structures. C. W. Eckelburs: of
.Taterloo and John McCunniss of Fair
banks were perhaps fatally Injured.
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich., Dec. 31.— The
<ntlr* plant of the Grand Rapids Bock
i&fe Company was destroyed by fire to
lay, together with the greater part of
ast •.•aFon's output. The loss Is about
30.0CW. •
PITTSBURG. Pa.. Dec. SI.— The Penn
?etroleum Company's plant at Coreopolls,
Pa,, was almost completely destroyed by
5re U>-o»y. Loss $100,000.
Preparing- Harbor Bill.
TTASHINGTON, Dec. SI.— A sub-com
mittee Qf the House Committee on Rivers
ir.d H^rjws m^ to-dav ??r the purpose
>f Vrtzlng the river and harbor bill in
tiiSVi for presentation to the It'll com
nittee, which will meet next Wednesday
o take up the bill. Chairman Burton
tes that one meeting: oi the committee
be sufficient. He expects to have
bill prepared for presentation to the
jse on Thursday. He will then ask
o hav* It considered on Friday and Sat
irday.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JANUARY 1, 1901.
3
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL
TELEGRAPHIC LIST
(First 36 Prizes)
KENTUCKY
LOTTERY
)rawn Monday, Dec. 31.
51472 $15,000
15481 :.- 4,000
96123 2,000
26678 .--- 1,000
V7805 500
98908 500
39218 ' 200
12828 200
35771 200
31739 200
'2829 200
16797 60
18696 / 60
I'46trJ-?.-r 60
0358-.---. 60
7244 J 60
2752 60
.4357 60
37253 • 60
39533 60
, f 2514 — -.-. 60
18962 60
45083.-/-----.- . 60,^
74983--v«->~ - 60
18415 60
¦ .;V: : il2335;-' - ~. : -v-^ ; . § ¦ v60^
55322-..- 60
J2930 .-. 60
. 77530 60
J8261.;--—- 60
40545 — 60
60
72895.- 60
- : 45995 ; ' - : 60
Tibc abov« Is for $1 tickets; 50c end 25c
,,-ktU ia proportion. ;V. ¦: :V
The mild and Immediate effect of Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney
t»nd bladder remedy, is soon realized. . It
stands the highest for its wonderful cures
of the most distressing cases. Swamp-
Root will set your whole system right,
and the best proof of this Is a trial. .
ST. LOUIS. Mo.. Nov. 20. 1900.
"I have used • Swamp-Root for years
•whenever I was troubled with my kld-
neys, with constipation, or whenever I
felt the need of something to tone and
trace me up. This has given me such re-
lief that I do not find it necessary to take
medicine regularly now, as an occasional
dose of Swamp-Root keeps me In shape
for my work— that of head cutter In the
Clothing Company of Rath & Jean. I am
pleased to give a testimonial for your
splendid medicine, and I cannot say
enough for what it has done for me. I
gratefully recommend It to any one need-
Ing a thoroughly reliable remedy." Yours
trSly. HARRY GIUBAKD.
1S21 Papln street.
You may have a sample bottle of this
famous kidney remedy, Swamp-Root, sent
free by mail, postpaid, by which you may
test its virtues for such disorders as kid-
ney, bladder and uric acid diseases, poor
digestion, when obliged to pas3 your wa-
ter frequently night and day, smarting or
Irritation In passing, brlckdust or sedi-
ment In the urine, headache, backache,
lame back, dizziness, sleeplessness, nerv-
ousness, heart disturbance due to bad kid-
ney trouble, skin eruptions from bad
blood, neuralgia, rheumatism, diabetes,
bloating; irritability, wornout feeling, lack
of ambition, loss of flesh, sallow complex-
ion, or Bright's disease.
If your water, when, allowed to remain
undisturbed in a glass or bottle for twen-
ty-four hours, forms a sediment or set-
tling or has a cloudy appearance. It ia
evidence that your kidneys and bladder
need immediate attention.
If you have the slightest symptoms of
kidney or bladder trouble, or if there is a
trace of it in your family history, send
at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton.
N. Y.. who will gladly send you by mail,
lmmediatelj'. without cost to you, a sam-
ple bottle of Swamp- Root and a book con-
taining many of the thousands upon thou-
sands of testimonial letters received from
men and women cured. Be sure to say
that von read this generous offer in the
San Francisco Dally Call.
Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take and is
for sale the world over at druggists in
bott'es of two sizes and two prices — fifty
cents and one dollar. Remember the
name. Swamp-Root, and the ftddress,
Binghamton. N. Y.
SB. KXLMEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
YOD SHOULD NOT
NEGLECT YOUR KIDNEYS
Because at All Times They Have the Most
Important Work to Do.
Weak Kidneys Caused by Overwork, by Lifting or a Strain.
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy, Will Do
for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May Have a Sample
Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for much sickness
and suffering, therefore, when through neglect or other causes,
kidney trouble is permitted to continue* fatal results are sure
to follow.
It used to be considered that only urinary and bladder troubles
were to be traced to the kidneys* but now modern science proves
that nearly all diseases have their beginning in the disorder of
these most important organs.
Your other organs may need attention — but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
If you arc sick or "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root* the great kidney* liver and bladder remedy* because
as soon as your kidneys are well they will help all the other organs
to health. A trial will convince any one.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
13 9
soap is not only the best
in all the world for toilet
and bath but also for shav-
ing. Pears was the in-
ventor of shaving stick
soap.
All sorts of people use Pear** soap, all sorts
of stores sell it, especially druggists.
~ •> i^l t& S^J not 5 k^ (€«! « r?
» * lwgE5yS« Iv iff i i r'niKw^gBQi en o
• fcMB^^B^^WWB^^. ~^ wSLJw 9 A ft 1 •
fii ra8^i^—-vr-^^^6H £ t
> fact^Ss it Vtl^l J -
• • - - - .
DR.MEYEBS&GO.
ireei'. at^citllc© or ¦ by : ."
J&^qjjgfo '"•ANDY CATHARTIC V °* '
Genuine stamped C. C C Never sold fin bunt -1
Beware of tht dealer who tries to idl-- V '
something "just as ipod. '¦'/ ¦]¦'¦ I
: .' ¦ ' ' '-/¦¦:¦ ¦.¦'¦:** '. • . -.-"..' ., .'. ' : '¦. ' ,. .
: A" great two-step by Eduard'
Strauss, the waltz king, will
ibeVglyeir'f ree with next Sun-
day's , Call. This is a gem— do
not fail to get it.'THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, JANUARY 1, 1901.
Continued on Page Seven.
The members of the; Coneordla Club
celebrated' the 'dawn of the twentieth cen
tury wlth^ a Igrrand /entertainment nnd a.
ball, .which- wns attended -.by ; the; elite of
Jewish circles. In this city. g| ¦'/¦''
The ppaclousr clubhouse on Van Ness
avenue ,waa % gorgeously decorated ;; with
overgxeens,' flags and rosea, which made a'
fitting setting .. to T the costly gowns of . this'
ladles who .attended. :
'¦'¦i The principal ;' part i of the - celebration
Members Present an Entertain
- - Ing Burlesque and- En jap a
¦'Bflnauet and Dance,
CONCORDIA CLUB
ENTERTAINS GUESTS
tJBiftn iff mw^vm!ipmSY^" l vrrr^riff^
KUPERT SCHMTD'S 'MODEL OF
THE PROPOSED RED CROSS
MONUMENT.
courage, honesty, common sense and a
knowledge of duty alike to himself and
to others."
Letters were also read from General O.
O. Howard. General E. Otla, General Leo
Raussler. Camille Flammarion. Ian Mac-
Laren, William T. Stead. Hall Calne, Wil
liam Jennings Bryan, Samuel It. ¦ Gallo
way, Governor Stone of Pennsylvania,
Governor Kussell of North Carolina, Gov
ernor Lee of South Dakota, Speaker Hen
derson of the House of Representatives..
Senator Morgan of Alabama, Senator
Sewell of New Jersey, Senator Galllnger.
Senator Turner and many others promi
nently known In the world.
As the clock struck the hour of midnight
and heralded the birth of the new cen
tury the entire audience arose and to the
strains of "America" played by the artil
lery band Joined In slnglnjr the national
air. • ,
The ladles and gentlemen then congrat
ulated each other, and after prayer had
been offered up by Rev. Dr. Hemphlll the
large audience dispersed.
The King and Queen of Greece, through
their Minister at Washington, wrote as
follows: "May the* dawning; century be
one of peace on earth and good will
among nations. But;lf. humanity, should
again be afflicted by the horrors of war,
may God in his mercy 'protect and
strengthen, as hitherto, the Red Cross
Society in Its work of love toward heal
ing the wounds and softening the * pain
caused by war." .. -
General Joseph Wheeler wrote as fol
lows: "I" am very, glad .you are .using
your best efforts to extend the influence
of the Red Cross. It is hard • for me to
express to you the great good that your
organization is doing."
Governor. Roosevelt, Vice President
elect, wrote In •» the r following strain:
"During this century, we have, on a whole,*
moved upward; I hope- we shall continue
so to move.*' but whether we do or- not 1
will ultimately depend upon whether on
the average the Individual • -man shows
Mark Twain cent the following charac
teristic greeting: "I bring you the state
ly matron named Christendom, returning
bedraggled, besmirched and dishonored
from pirate raids In Klaochau, Manchu
ria. South Africa and . i the Philippines,
with her bouI full of meanness, her pocket
full of boodle and her mouth full of pious
hypocrisies. Give her soap and a towel,
but hide the looking-glass/'
Sir Henry Irving wrote as follows: "I
have the deepest sympathy with the ob
jects of the American Red Cross Society,
and I Join with you in the hope that the
new century, which will soon dawn upon
us, will be laden with more blessings of
peace that the whole* world craves."
Lord Roberts, under date of November
9 writing from Johannesburg. South Af
rica, says: "The present century has
brought with it many discoveries Which
have done much to alleviate the miseries
of suffering humanity. I pray that the
coming century may be equally produc
tive of a further progress In matters that
conduce to the health, happiness and well
being of all people."
These words of Kngland's great soldier
struck a responsive chord in the hearts
of all who heard the message last night,
and it was greeted with round upon round
of applause.
Band played a number of patriotic airs
during the evening. Camille d'Arvllle-
Crellin sang a number of songs, and the
choirlstefs of the Mission Good Samari
tan rendered carols and hymns. Tho
musical portion of the programme in
cluded Hother Wismer, Miss Marie Wil
son. Mrs. Arnold. Mr. Young, Mrs. Wal
ter Fonda and Miss Moroney.
The various speakers of the evening
dwelt upon the wonderful developments
of the dying century and hoped that the
twentieth century would see ptlll greater
advancements. Mayor Phelan made a
stirring address, eulogizing the noble
work of the Red Ctoss Society, and his
words were rewarded with hearty ap
plause.
The Mayor drew attention to a small
model of tho monument which Is to be
erected In this city in the near future,
commemorating the work of the Red
Cross Society. The model was displayed
on the stage and Is the work of Rupert
Schmidt, the local sculptor. The design
is an emblematic, one, typifying the work
of the xved Cross Society.
During the evening a number of tele
grams and letters were read, the senders
being prominent In the world's affairs.
These messages of greeting were sent to
Miss Clara Barton, the head of the Red
Cross Society, and at the various meet
ings of the society throughout the coun
try were read last night. The telegrams
apd letters were read by Rabbi Voorsang
er. Rev. Mr. Leavitt and Rev. Mr. Tur
ner, and were received in every Instance
with continued applause.
President McKinley wrote as follows:
"I send cordial greetings to the American
Xatlonal Red Cross on Its auspicious en
trance upon enlarged fields of usefulness
with the new century."
! The nineteenth annual Hogmanay -sup
•*per. and dance of the San Francisco Scot
tish Thistle Club came off at Shiels. build
ing. 32 O'Fnrrell street, last night.
Brawny lads In kilts blowing bagpipe ran
pic led the grand march at 8:30 around the
floor of the large hall, after which danc
ing was kept up until: 11 o'clock.; when
couples strung out; and headed for the
banquet hall, upstairs.^
After the disposition of -the good things
; prepared for ..the occasion, and when the
i .... - utt'.in > Av«H' maue to ilislouK'" tht*i •¦
rorku, UiiiKts were drunk and responded
to. "The I»rc8l(lcnt of the 5 UnIted States"
riimo flriit, and then "Que«n Victoria."'
-"The T*nnd of ;Otir Adoption." "Oor Air
CountrW "Our: Sister Socjetles," ''Hog
mnnny." -"The Press" and,. last but no'
h-nnt. "Th« Ladles." ;
¦¦* All hands Joined In singlngr-the good olr"
Hogrnnnay noug-r- @&«ftf££|»££l
nixe up. Kuld wife, an'sbak your rea.thern. "
l>lnna think that we are beggars;
i '•¦ •We'r* but balms' come oot tae play,
nine up and jcle'n oor hogmanay.
¦ « GoM'nlcht,';an':Joy,.hewlVyoU'*y ¦
The" entertainment was under the man-,
agement of the following. named:
John Robs, Alex. Strang, ) George .W. Pater
___-___H-H_HI_8--__&ShBB^^ > ' " ¦ .'
Pipers and Manu Toasls
Drank at Banauet.
Grand March Headed bu kprvv
HOGMANAY SUPPER
OF THISTLE CLUP
was the presentation by club members of
a parody on "The Only Way." which was
entitled '"rtie Other Way." The members
«nd their guests assembled in the ball- j
loom, one end of which was fitted up as
a stage. The musical burlesque was cred
itably presented nnd did great credit to
all who took part in It. If the club
should ever decide to send tho "com
pany" on the road It would be sure to at
tract crowded houses. For two hours the
tuirllence laughed heartily at the Jokes,
songs, dances and situations, and "The
Other Way" was voted by all a complete
success.
Those who took part In It were: Milton
Bremer_J. E. Beln, M. S. Alexander. S.
L£ Jacoui. Morris Sldeman. Max TCosh
land. Julius Cahn. Irving Jacobl. Clarence
AVnterman, Le Roy Schleslnger, Phil
Bush, Sidney Lippitt, Herbert Waterman,
S. B. TIaber. Lee Clayburgh. M. S. Laz
ard. K. D. Bachman. Karl Welbach. Sam
Jacoby. H. G. Sheltfeman, Albert Cerkel,
Andre Levy. AValter Levy, Sidney Acker
man, D. Elsenbaeh, J- Triest. The bur
leFque was written and staged by local
professionals nnd the handling of the
r 'mob scene" was as realistic as th<» one
shown by Henry Miller.
After the presentation of the burlesque
the members and their friends sat down
to an elaborate banquet In the supper
room. As the, clock struck the hour of
midnight, telling of the end of the nine
teenth century and the birth of the twen
tieth century, all the guests rose to their
feet and In bumpers of wine drank to the
new era. A beautiful Illusion was dis
closed to view on a small staare set In a
corner of the supper-room. Master Nor
man Phillips, drrssed as Father Time,
was seen on a bicycle riding toward a
r-cst marked 1900. As the clock sounded
the last stroke of midnight the scene was
changer! to a country road, on which , a
young girl In an automobile was starting
out for thejtwentieth century post.
A ball followed the supper. Professor
Rosner of the Orpheum supplied the
dance music, that for the burlesque being
furnished by. Professor Leo Brook.
The ladles who are prominently identi
fied with the Red Cross Society were
peated'on the platform: Mayor Phelan,
Colonel Rawles, commandant of the Pre
sidio, Colonel Girard of the Presidio Hos
pital, Rabbi Voorsanger, . Rev. George
Adams, Rev.'- B. • Leavltt. Rev. Mr.*
Turner, Rev. John HemphlH* and others
also being present. The Third Artillery
All elapses and creeds were represented
last evening at the watch meeting held
by the Red Cross Society at Golden Gate
Hall, €25 Butter street, and on the broad
platform of humanity all present Joined.
T.he entertainment provided was # for the
benefit of the funds of the Red" Cross
Society and the vast hall was crowded
in every part.. The hall was decorated
with American flags and the' white ban
ner with the red cross was in evidence
everywhere. Blazing in red electric light
over the stage the emblem of the society
shone forth and carried conviction to
the hearts of th<» audience of the. noble
work It represented.
ties Read at Superb En
tertainment, «
/ ¦ ______
Messages From World's Celebri-
RED CROSS HOLDS
WATCH MEETING
ebrating in their own peculiar, original
way the departure of one century and the
admit of another. When darkness came
people hastened from all parts 'of the city
to Market street. Armed with horns,
lattles, trumpets, noise-provoking Instru
ments in all their variety, men, women
and children left their homes and flocked
to the main thoroughfares of the city.
On Market Btreet, in one great, swaying,
noisy, gooJ- humored mass of hu
manity, they met. Some were in mas
queradp. in grotesque, odd costumes. In
the fantastic livery which told that for
one night «t lea«t they intended to forget
the Eeriou.T.esy of life and treat it as a
farce.
Boys, bubbling with fun. marched the
street?, yelling, shouting, cheering, beat
ing improvised tomtoms, blowing horns,
swinging ratties, exploding bombs and
wishing to every one in their path a hap
py New Year. Girls, flushed with excite
ment, exhilarated by the myriad, happy.
Jolly faces that greeted them, elb.owed
their way along the streets, pre-empted
the wagon waye. gave noisy greeting to
friend and Ptrangerand accepted in lauj»h
i:iK good nature the ear-splitting replies
to their caiutations.
fitald men of affairs passed -along the
streets blowing horns with all the se
riousness of an affair of state. Gray
haired women played the pranks of their
grandchildren and laughingly received the
showers of flour which followed their
greetings, noisy, startling and indiscrim
inate. San Francisco had forgotten its
classes and castes, and in one homoge
neous whole was taking a night off.
And at midnight— at the moment when
one century and its thoughts passed into
history, and another with its hopes was
born— pandemonium reigned. From the
ships in the harbor, from the factories
and the Bhops, came the deep-toned blasts
of whistles. Bells were clanging and' there
wa« the roar and rumble and bewildering
confusion of countless sounds. With one
impulse the crowds in the streets stopped,
greetings and good-wishes were exchanged
and for a moment at least there were no
distinctions of class or position In San
Frarocisco.
While thousands of merry-makers, mas
queraders, boys, girls, men and women,
thronged the streets other thousands
crowded the sanctuaries and meeting
houses of the city. In churches devotees
saw the old century go and the new one
come. With prayer, invocation and sa
cred music the night was passed. Socie
ties, clubs and associations kept the
watch of the night and in re r velry and
good fellowship and good cheer celebrated
a night exceptional in Its Bentlment. Per
haps in the history of San Francisco no
other celebration possessed bo much of
unique Interest as did this, in which tht,
people of the city gave. good speed to a
departing century and welcome to the
coming.
?
• - ¦
The auditorium of the T. M. C. A. build
'ng was crowded to the doors last night
A'lth members of the association and theft
friends,. who assembled to watoh the in
coming of the new. year and century. The
»arly' hours of the. evening were -levoted
6 the slngln? of hymns, prayrs by cler
rymen and the delivery of addresses by
nembers of the association. The follow
'ng programme was then rendered:
Selection, orchestra; electric elub swinging.
At. C. O'Brien: reading, D. M. Blrrell; vocal
win. - Sidney Wall : fendnr and single sticks.
Meosrs. Merx and O'Brien: selection, orchestra;
election. Knickerbocker Quartet; atnsingv
'America'!: "Retrosr*ct." an addresaby Rev.,
tohn HemohiU. D.D.; barytone solo. Robert
, LJojd: "Prospect," an address by Rev. F. W.
Clamnett, D.D. ; soprano solov "etar-Bpuiffled^
With Song and Prager Associa
tion Members Extend Their
Greetings.
Y. M. C. A. WELCOMES
THE NEW CENTURY
California and Martha "Washington
councils of the Daughters of Liberty held
a watch meeting In the Shiels building
last night at which there were a large
number of young people who sought ref
uge from the nolae of horns on the street.
There was an impromptu programme of
music, song and dancing. A great deal
of merriment was created by the young
men asking ladies aa they entered the hall
to walk up to the secretary's desk to reg
ister and then making them pass under a
bough of mistletoe and demanding the
penalty. The affair was managed by Miss
Ella Crawford, Miss Laura Cantus, Miss
Minnie Sproul, C. T. Qulrey. C. Johnson
and H. Mqnig of California Council, and
Mrs. \Y. E. L# Dieu, Miss E. Moore and
Miss G. Diemer of Martha Washington
Council. At midnight there was a wishing
of happy New Year and the blowing of
horns that equaled the noise of the street.
Ix>yal Rebekah Lodge also had a watch
meeting In Odd Fellows* Hall. At first
it was decided to have a quiet meeting,
but the young people did not think a
Quaker meeting was in keeping with the
enthusiasm of the close of the year, so
they started a dance and kept It up till
midnight.
Pocahontas Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas, Improved Order of Red Men,
.also joined In the festivities by having a
lancing party to celebrate the departure
/if the old and to welcome the new year.
The hall was crowded to Us utmost and
all had a very enjoyable time until the
proclamation was made that "the new
vear has come." Then there was a wild
hurrah In which men and woraen Joined
with a will.
SEE THE OLD YEAR
OUT, THE NEW IN
Watch Meetlncrs bo Daughters of
Liberty, Daughters or Poca
hontas andRebekahs.
At the quarters of the Cathedral Mis
sion of the Good Samaritan the birth of
the new year was celebrated with prayer
and song. At their cozy quarters on the
corner of Second and Folsom streets a
large crowd gathered, joining the hymns
and re-echoing the prayers offered. The
address was delivered by Bishop W. F.
Nlchol^, assisted by Revs. TV*. I. Kip, J.
P. Turner and Clifton Macon. During the
evening the choir, under the direction of
Miss Brown, rendered the following
hymns: "A Few More Years Shall Roll."
"Let Saints on Earth In Concert Sing"
and the "Gloria Patrla."
At Their Home on • Folsom
SlreeUhe Birth or 1901 Is
Celebrated.
son. Robert H. Murray, John Swan. X«H1 Camp
bell, Donald MeLeod, John Donaldson. Pet»-r
Rlddell. Richard F. 'Wllaon. George Miller.
William Murray, Thomas Christie. Jame« Law
rence and Peter D. Flndlay.
GOOD SAMARITANS
GREET NEW YEAR
SAX FRAXCISCO met two cent
uries last night and doffed his hat
to both; cue was dying and the
other was feeling the throb uf
new !!fe, end San Francisco, In
the delirium of pood fellowship, gave to
the one a noisy requiem and to the other
& boisterous, hearty greeting of good will.
At r.lpbtfaJl the streets of the city were
hiark with people, viiii noisy, laughing.
Jostling, jesting throngs of men, women
and children. There was in the air the
hum and bustle and confusion of myriad
Founds. Horns wen? blasting the air with
their discordant, blatar t notes. 'Whistles
from Fcores of factories were sending
their Fhrill -welcomes through the city,
he'.i? were ringing, bonfires were blazing
*nd redf.re.lit up In weird silhouetted
shadows the building of the town.
The people of S-an Francisco were eel-
The Columbia Club of Court Columbia.
Foresters of America, had a social In
ITnion Square Hall that was attended by
about 3500 persona, who spent the last
tiours dancing lr the very elaborately
decorated hall. Thomas F. Tully was th«
Sequoia Parlor of the N"atlve Sar.f of tn«
Golden West terminated the year 1T00 with
a smoker and hl*h Jinks in the banquet
hall of the Native Sons' building There
¦were about 600 present to enjoy th« pro
gramme, smoke, sandwiches and Jljrht re
freshments furnished. B. P., Alden
was the sire ttri under ifta dirte M '*\ there
were vocal selections by the Knickerbock
er Quartet, buck and wing- dancing t#".M~--
Hlckman, He dancing by Master Mon
tague Barton, specialties by J, H. Facio,
and boxing bouts by D. Carroll, Julius
Klsenbach. J. H. Fado, Al Doyle and J.
link. Music was furnished by the Xatlvn
Sons* band under the leadership of Pro
fessor Barton.
bers Celebrate,
tional All Association Mem-
Native Sons, Foresters and Na-
SPLENDID TIME
OF FRATERNITIES
Banner." Mrs. J. W. Madden: "The Aasoctn
tion Outlook." A. P. Black; prayer. rtev. J. B.
Orr; singing; reading of Vic« Presldent-elfct
Roosevelt' •• address* Rev. George C. Adam*.
D.D.
As the hour of midnight approached
services were commenced, lasting- until the
new year had been fairly ushered In.
¦ —
In Seriousness and in Jest San Francisco' Pays Tribute to a Dead Century and, Welcomes the
Advent of a Living Age— Strange Sights and Scenes in a Night of Exceptional Interest.
GREETING TO THE NEW BORN TWENTIETH CENTURY
4
ADVEKTISEMENTS. j (
• ' | .
wipji
bQ / J In all departments j
JgL . * J of active semce j
y^SL/ I stand in need of the
J readiness of mind |
and promptness of !
action which depend on a healthy nerv- I
ous system. I^et a railroad man be " rat-
tled," and every iffe depending on him |
is in danger. A great many railroad i
men have found in Dr. Pierce's Golden ;
Medical Discovery a valuable tpnic for
ftbe overstrained * nervous system. It j
builds up the body, purifies the blood, j
nourishes the nerves, and induces a
healthy apatite and refreshing sleep.
¦I RuCrred for ?ix yrarrs with constipation and
in<1ijre*.fion. during which time I employed bcv-
eral ph>-«.icians. but they could not reach my j
case." writes Mr. G. Poppicwell. of | Eureka
Spring. Carroll Co.. Ark. "I felt, that there !
wai no help for me; could not retain food en my j
stomach: had vertigroand.would fall beJpless to ¦
the floor. Two years ago I commenced taking I
In. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery and lit-
tle ' I'rllets.* and improved from the;start. Af-
trr taking twelve bottle* of the * Dfeaovery ' I
«r»f able to do l:jht work, and have been im-
proving crer since." '; '-!;'
Send 21 one-cent stamps to; pay ex-
pense of mailing and get Dr. ; rierce's !
SledifAl Adviser in paper covers, free.
Addres* Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
EVERY WOMAN
_^^ is interested and should know
j^**';>??v _bout the wonderful
,4^^vvX uantrci whirling
t ¦'¦ ;¦«.; Si ,"'• Jji.A The new VA^lnal Syrintc
\ . '' 'S«*''*4 Jnjrction ana Suction.
V- _.^ ' 2^ »' I Best— Safr^t-Most Con-
\ venieat. ItCieacsef
**v»r^5 -f^^^fo™^?*^. ¦ Instantly,
Ai-raH'&arrlstforft. \ f§b~FrrT£~3^~~~~~
If h* i»nnot k..-p;i!y tl.e X/4/^f 'f'/fO ,
BIABVl'U «crp;no \t k-/^ —
ou<n. *kS tend ««»»"" for TTus- \*, g • ¦/•'.: >'\y
mi": i.o-k- k>>a]#-d. Itcl«^<J» V*, / ' Af
f»Tt:^ul-t^ ****¦ r.irf' :-i*K irvahable **\' g la
toUrtie- KUtUXl'O.. _['"•>"#
tluoin jo^rimr. BdR., irwYtrk o^^Jr
2visrr OR- JORDAN'S oreata
SHUSEUH OF SfiSTGKY?
A Cjl SSn Vi T.ZT7 B.. tat. tltTX Z.T.2X i
\ tjj Ttit L_r^ect Aattcstcat Museum in the \
A t C Jr. , V.'c«(l W «Jt utt- m tt -n* cnr.tr let rd m
V KcpCj €!!*»»•.€ pe«IU»-l>e»ti»4 by thfoloeajf
• #SjjS bpecMliacatkvOi-K. Est.s6yau»- $
$ 0^- -ORBAS-PEJYATE DISEASES *
\ B CVji Con-ult»nori frw tnd ttrictly privttc \
A I iiVf Trt nent pnscwJiy or b» letter. A g
\% W Q Pujlmm Ourt In rrery o>i«tmccrtakn_ T
Ar'J tli • Wrtt*forJlock.rKiU©J.O_»_l*»i A
V • 8 HT HAMmUCK. WAILED FKSB. (Af
i A R,' nl-Ut tac- in nra) ¦ \
W nk iOBD AX * CO., ICO: liartet St., H. F. f
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 S^ PRICE i
iriAirSADL-^ScCO.'l
1 SAN FRANCISCO.CftL f |
FREE ELECTRIC BELT OFFER
Ji&i&iirSnr&Spi&Sm. TRIAL la your own h> me, w*
K^rtJ __(_ ajL<-K3-JuA-l furnish the ¦ (renu'.rs » 1
fe*K5^Sii*>^£Sv;ioplY 1IKIDGLT.ZUH iLT titW t-
fef«K^/^5_^?^^ )}l''fiCl'KK*-> ¦ ELKCtHlCBVLri
t'jS5_i5tT^ii^r^ 5Luto«nT .-waerof thii<p«fV'-.
: '-^<Zy-** «Oilip««Wl»»«n*r»«l*»- C3STS
, -'/tuv- ALMOST M3THIR8 ecxrort^d
with molt -U other trwttment-. C»rwi »h« »i I _ 1 l >»'*}r*
trie Wlt», •vfltweM »-* •*-**•« f»«. OgiCI CU«t'«
more th»a bailments. OSMSCBtrtBlVor »"o«rj»*
_1s«-»ps. • we_kne»se« and dtoord^ri. For roMTi^H
««_l«d confldentUl cauio«ae, catUl* ilntirfMii f —•
GEARS, ROEBUCK. A CO., C.hlcrT •Reform School Boys Escape.
SACRAMENTO,; Dec. 31— A special -to
the Bee V this ¦'. afternoon from : lone says
that six - boys escaped to-day '¦¦ from • the
State School of Industry. .-. They, are: "Jo
seph Cornish; Arthur Sharp, Frank Perry,
Frank Pferman; Henry Simon and Robert
Harry.
Fourth Race— One and an eighth miles; . all
ages;,New Tear ha'ndlcap:
1543 Andrisa 1141 1543 Mortgage 95
1478 Wax 1 105 (1560) The Fretter ..111
1572 Bathos lOOl 1543 Vesuvlan 122
1543 Advance Guardll8 1543 Malay 106
1572 Havlland 102 1553 Lothian 100
Fifth race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds ani
up: Berkeley handicap:
1Z36 Theory llTj(15K)Lennep 117
1071 Fidel Toulln .. 90 1533 Pat Horrtssey..lM)
1.M3 Headwater 119 1538 True Blue 117
O.",36)Mwhanus 117 1458 Frank Boll. ...112
(1116)Jerid 103 IMC Good Hops .... 95
Sixth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and up; selling:
(1X4) Morlnel 103 1563 Grand Sachem. 85
(15€S)Opponent 9S 1412 Trevathan 90
136? Dr. Bernays ..103 15M Owensboro ....107
1JCS St. Wood .../.10.1
Probable "Winners.
Firet Race— Astor, Alicia, None Such.
Second Rice— The Pride, Gibraltar, Ralston.
Third Race— Golden Cottage, Dorlne. Carlo.
Fourth Race— Jennings Stable, Mortgage.
Fifth Race— Frank .Bell. True Blue, Lennep.
Sixth Race— Morlnel, OwenEbc.ro, \ Dr. Ber
nays. \ \
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 2L— Results:
One mile, selling— Plaintaln won, Alvin'W
second, Jlandy third. Time, 1:S1H.
Blx and a half furlongs, selling— Shut TTu
won. Bcmmerack fecond, Waterplant third.
Time, l:12«i.
One mile, selling— Dan Cupid won. Judge
Magw seoend. W. B. Gates third. Time, 1:49%.
One and a eixtccnth miles— Strangest won,
Albert Vale second. Monk Wayman third.
Time, 1:09.
Six furlotgs, selling— Ed Gartland II won,
IIor»C£hoe Tobacco second. > Scrivener third.
Time, 1:194. '
Five and a half' furlongs, selling— Gracious
won. Quite Itlght •crOTJfl, Eduw.Vi t^.Ua. Time,
Special Dispatch to The Call
VALLEJO, Dec. 31.— Perry Fitts, who is
alleged to have blown open^the pafe of a
lumber company in Santa Rosa on Christ
mas night, was captured at Benicia'yes
terday by Constable Hyde at the direction
of Chief of Police Stanford of Vallejo.
Chief Stanford received a telephone mes
sage from Santa Rosa Saturday night
stating that one of the men implicated in
the safe-cracking had left. Santa Rosa for
this section. Stanford instituted a search
and ascertained that the fellow had been
seen In the vicirjity of South Vallejo on
Saturday morning with two companions.
Presuming the trio had gone to Benicia
Stanford telephoned a description of Fitts
to Constable Hyfle of that place and later
received word that the three men were
held by that officer. ; ,
Chief Stanford drove to Benlola: yester
day and found that one of the men. was
Fitts. This morning Constable Plerman
of Santa Rosa accompanied Chief Stan
ford to Benicia, where they took Fitts in
charge and: brought him to Vallejo:
FIttsis a small, smooth-faced man. He
does not seem much concerned about his
capture and took things In a matter-of
fact* sort of way. In company with Con
stable Plerman he left ¦ for . Santa ¦• Rosa
this a/tcrnoon. One of his alleged con
federates, a man named iMooney,' Is al
ready held In custody, there. ..
The sum which the. cracked safe con
tained was something like. $6,' the lumber
company using it only for the safe stor
age of books. Aside from a small. amount
of change no money was ever left in the
safe.
Constable Hyde of Benicia
Take3 Perry Fitts Into
Custody.
SUPPOSED SAFE
BOBBER CAUGHT
WICHITA, Kans., Dec. 31.— The County
Jail was quarantined, for smallpox to-day.
The prohibitionists allege that the quar
antine was put on by pressure of saloon
interests as an extra punishment to Mrs.
Nation, the saloon smasher, who is con
fined there.
Mrs. Nation, in the course of an appeal
to women everywhere to aid in the cru
sade against saloons, says:
"I can stay in Jail and eat my bread
and gravy in a tin pan and with a spoon.
I can stay here and be quarantined from
seeing any friends. 'I. can sleep on a' bed
without a pillow and take the fare of the
poor criminals and feel this a small sacrU
flee. Can you not do something? «.
"Take your consecrated rocks, , hatchets,
brickbats and . everything that comes
handy and you can clean this curse out.
Don't wait for the ballot. . * .
."I have exhausted every ordinary means
and '• looked ; into the faces of mothers,
wives,, daughters, who • were broken
hearted; till I Have become almost desper
ate, and I , have done the-best I can, the
worst I can and all I can and expect to
continue If It ends at the stake.'JggMgBBSBS
"I expect to lay..- my ashes here.teven'lf
my body shall be cremated by the whisky
element." ; , *
Smallpox Said to Exist in
• the County Jail at
Wichita.
Mi NATION NOW
IN QUARANTINE
rights reserved.)
noon Till be the New Tear handicap at
one mile and a furlong. In the Berkeley
handicap the best of the sprinting- brigade
will rrceet, and nine baby rac«rs will line
up In the first two-year-old event of the
year.
Raclnp will begin promptly at 1:45 p. m.
Instead of 2:15 as is customary.
Yesterday Gibraltar was bid up $400 over
his entered selling price of $500 by Tlni
Murphy. The stable bid the usual $3. and
the sprinter remained Sam Hildreth's
property.
Twenty-one bookmakers chalked up
odds yesterday.
The conditions of the champion hurdle
race to be run at Tanforan on January 24,
1MJ1. have been changed to read: Ten
pounds below the scale, maximum weight
to be 175 pounds; winning penalties shall
not count above this weight; entries to
ciose January 10, 1901, instead of January
1, 1901.
following are to-day's entries:
(Coryrishted. 190L by F. W. Leavltt. All
First Race— One mile; four-year-olds and
up; selling:
1479 Ringmaster ...1M 1517 Astor T.106
1523 Rey d Band!dosl06 1547 Melkarth 106
3313 Evirato 106 1339 None Such 106
1303 Alaria 104 13S3 Alicia 104
la30 Monrovia 10J '.'¦-
Second Race — Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and up; spiling:
1480 Cora Goetz 93J 1430 Miss Rowena ..115
.... Aurora B 113 14S1 Ralston 117
1471 St. Cuthb«t.-.117| 1518 Merlda 93
1419 Briar Hill ....120 (1373)Gibraltar 120
1533 Ada X 99 The Pride ......117
14S6 Vantine Ill 1470 Dr. Boyle 113
Third Race — Three furlongs; two-year-olds;
first event; purse:
Carlo Ill 10S
St. Carlo-Imp- Ellee. Torso-Decoy Duck.
..., Golden CottagelU .... 108
Imp. Golden Garter- The Greek-Peril.
Pink Cottage. ' .... 108
Dr. Scharfl 101 Crescendo- Amid a.
Donald A-Mlssourl Eva G ....10S
Dfrlne 108 Imp. Juvenal - Sister
Imp. Prestonfans-Ka- Geneva.
tie Fletcher. Sol Llchensteinlll
Imp. St. George- Apa.
THE blor.ae-r.airal plunger, cnaney
Ellison, said au revoir to the old
year at Oakland track yesterday
With a tinge of regTet in it all.
He plucked an ice cool S3Q90 from
the ring over the spread-eagle win of the
third event by his: good two-year-old Bard
cf Avon, and when Specific snickered In
first for the mile | and a furlong run
cleaned vp a IJke amount. That is money
enough to make one like any climate or
year, so with hiS podtets bulging out with
twenties Charley said he would see what
sort of metal the new century was com
posed of to-day.< The win of Specific made
it unpleasant, though, for Sam Hildreth,
who does not seem to be playing- in the
best of luck. Hildreth's Bangor. with
Bultoan and 111 pounds up. closed a 6 to 5
favorite. -In .the East the blinkered horse
was ccnsldered an Inconsistent perform
er and in yesterday's race gave a pleas-
Ing but expensive exhibition of temper.
¦While running In fourth position on the
back stretch Bu-llman said his mount was
bumped by Topmast, after which Bangor
fell completely out of the race, being
eased up at the finish. In front from
flagfall. Specific, ridden by Mounce, won
galloping from Campus and Topmast. At
the conclusion of the afternoon's sport
the fudges announced that the Hildreth
F.tabfe stood tuspended. pending a further
investigation of the race.
A large crowd attended the reopening
of the track over the bay. The favorites
did rot behave nicely at all. Gibraltar
at 9 to 10 and Rollick, a very meek choice,
to be pure did manage to win. but the
downfall of four cither well-backed ones
was a hard blow to the talent.
Just because she belonged to Burns
& Wattrhouse. ' perhaps. everbody
warted a ticket on Dolly Weithoff to take
tee first event, a six furlong selling dash.
I>olly. with O Connor in the saddle, al
ways occupied a prominent position
among the leaders, still could not deliver
the merchandise. Clem Jenkins dropped
along toward the last with Vohlcer, a 6 to
1 shot, rocking the favorite to sleep quite
handily. Matt Ilogan, a 15 to 1 shot,. ran
a close third.
The ten starters Jn the scramble over
the Futurity course for two-year-olds fur
nished a tiptop guessing affair. Dandy
Jim. . after his win at Tanforao, looked
best, but had an inferior rider up. and
was almost lost sight of in the ring as
well as in the race. Dominick and 100
pounds on Rollick looked tempting, the
odds falling down from 6 to 4. As usual
Dominick was first away, and cutting out
a fast clip was never headed, beating
Grafter a couple of lengths. Not far back
Flatterer, with J. Daly up, finished third.
It is definitely settled that Bard of Avon
can climb over a route. Those who back
ed Silurian and Havlland in the seven
furlong run, third to be decided, will bet
on it now. With H pounds and .J. Daly
pitched up on his back the Bard Just tin
canned along in advance of his company
from start to finish. Dominick rode Hav
lland hard to down the 100 to 1 chance.
Imp Broadbrim, piloted by Eddie Jones.
J. Walsh on Pat Dunne's Silurian, the
mild 2 to 1 choice, got away from the post
badly, never being a factor.
Hildreth's Gibraltar looked to outclass
the other starters in the fourth number
ar.d was sent Into Mr. Caidwell's bands,
a 9 to 10 favorite. Bullman beat the
bunch away from the barrier, but took him
back allowing Amasa to make the pace.
It carne very near being a dangerous ex
periment, for Gibraltar c had to be hard
ridden the last furlong to beat Socialist,
a 20 to 1 outsider, ridden" by Eddie Jones.
Tiburon and Alice Dougherty were both
disappointments.
Dominick scored his second 1 win of th«>
day with Wyoming irr the final mile sell-
Ing run. Six and 7 to 1 could be had about
the I'-rown entry, which made an end to
end thing of it. The winner was allowed
to Ftoal too much of a lead, for when
BuJlman on Horton c and Mounce astride
lh* first choice. Flush of Gold, made their
moves it was too late. The favorite lost
the place to Horton by less than a length.
Great Programme To-Day.
The feature of the great card this after-
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
1 <
'•AK'l.AXn HACKTRACK. MONDAY, DECEMIiER Zl.— Weather fine. Track fast. ,
157<>. FiitsT n.vcn— six furionss; thmri rrnr-aidi and up: y<*uins: purs<>. yt^o. ;
~Tpo~] j , — Bettlnx . ]
Index jllorse. Aw, WVipht.ji'.xtSt. H. ';. «tr. Fin. | Jockeys. Op. Hi. 01. PK '¦
1437 Vofaicer. 2 !07{ 24 2h 41 31 1 ', |J< nkins S 6 5 n 2 ;
1535" I Dolly \Vt!thofr 4 13 » 1 ."SI 3'4 14 23 lO'Connor ... 1 6-j 3-lw --J ;
L»< |Ma;i H.^an. a... J<s; 11 » 4h 12 2U 3 '.» IJ. Walsh..:. S 13 15 6 .
I5tf : <Jt'nua, 4 103| 5 6 Cl 2141 44 jVic'.ioo' 1 :> u() -"' z ~ \ \
J->>C ;lsa!i:ie, Z ;»s 6 12 9 1 ii ;: 54 JDaiiKman .. 8 13 12 » i.
O457) jLc*t Girl. 6 303 12 ill 10 H » ! i 7 1 Cl jS'.uart li -') -<> ? ¦
ISM IiJot. 3 *.... US 81 J 5h 6h 6% 7 h J. Daly 15 « 30 ; 13 ,.
tl^Jfi) Lomond 3 101 (13 lh 81 81 82' iDomlnick .. S 12 12 4 I ,
1501 AJumir.urri, 5 105 s :. 11 10 2 »1 93 ! Buchanan -.12 50 ?
1549 BUly Mo->re. 3. ..101 1 Z 8 h 12 10 10 iMounce 6 10 10 4 ;
.... U|tle MInch Jr.. 103 10 10 7 H 7 1 11 11 IGray 20 100 100 4a !
I4S6 Dlompd, 3 135| 7|8 12 112 12 12 |J Woods.... 15 30 30 12 |
Tlrrai " ~C :24^; »*, -49- «,, 1:14. Good start. Wen cleverly. Second and third driving. Wi";
aer. C. H. Wllilar-.s & Co.'s b. c. by Imp. St. Oeorec-Kanfave. Favorite inclined to proc
dot»n the back stretch. Winner perfectly rid<icn. Genua ran pamely at the route. Lo
mond interfered trlth on a couple of occasions. Billy Moore no speed. Aluminum pocketed j
round tar turn. " ~! -^s*^~
1S7J. SECo.VD liACE— Futurity course; soiling; two-year-olds; puree, ?SD0. ;
I 'PoTj "! j 1/ Dettlns
Index jHcrse anJ TVeicht.!Pet;St. U- H. Str. Fin. | Jockeys, j Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
"<?3 Rollick 100' 51 In 14 15 12 'Dcminlck .} € 6 4 3-2
1552 Grafter 106] 10 « 6HS10 43 3»i Jenkins .... 4 5 5 8-.> j
1525 Flatterer 103| 67 72 : 4 31 »1J. Daly 5 15 12 5 j
1488 jTenny Belie HOj 33 3h 41 2n 42 jBullman ... 7-2 6 5 2 ;
1463 jlvUrcsa ld| 25 4h 72 61 55 Mounce ....' 7 10 10 ¦ 4
15C7 Tola 104i 7i2 5 4 Bh 52 62 jO'Connor ... 8 12 12 5
1489 jQull II 103' 84 22 «H"H72 Enos 5 15 15 4
(1C61) IDandy Jim 1C3 *8 8 10 6^81 88 Matthews ..4652
Io61 .KtrursteUe loo! 4 19 10 10 9 2 9 5 Buchanan ..7 8 8 S
1143 [El Karn 96 1 1 I S 14 >1 !» 10 Dangman .. 15 53 50 20
Tim*— To 14, :I1; to 4. :43U: last •». 1:01; ehort «i. 1:10'-;. Good start. Won all out. Second
and third driving. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's ch. g. by Take Notice-Happy Maiden.
Away sa'"nF, E.olllck t-et a merry clip. Grafter in bad positlqiyunttl too late. Too far for
Tennv B« . *. Qvtiz Quit. Dandy Jim acteil sor« and was badlir ridden. Scratched — Screen
-^iL'^*-^? }°9'- l^ nie ForP»t_100. . „ „ rw¦w¦^^-o_f^-^-^ l -Jx J^_r¦¦P^-o-^^
1572. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; all ages; puree. $400.
j PoTj ~~ ¦ < Betting > j
Index ;Horse, Age, Weight. 'PstiSt. U- H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI. |
~1355 JEard of Avon. 2.. K4J 2 ~2^ 1 IVt 1 2 Ts 1~2 |j. Daly 3 3 3 1 j
14S5 lHavlland. 3 101: 64 2h 3 b 23 22 Domlr.lck ..3 3 11-5 4-5 |
1471 jlm. Eroadbrtin. 4.110! 55 61 61 61 3nE. Jones.... 4) 100 100 4ft ;
15T5 iSilurlan. 2 73 7 7 6 2 5 h 3 1* 4 2 J. Walsh.... 5-2 5-2 2 7-10
14S2 iTony Ix-rping, 2.. S2 3 6 4 2 4 1 5 H B 4 |W. Waldo.. 15 30 25 . 10 ;
15C3 Bathos, £ 110 4 3 7 7 7 6 2 O'Connor... 6 12 12 4
14S0 JDunfree. 2 84; 11 3h 2h 4n 7 |Ransch 8 15 15 6
Tim^—^, : ;j ; t,, t -.rev. %, i:01; "i. 1:27. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, C. R. Ellison's b. p. by The Bard-Water Lily. Bard is better than given credit
for. He won under reefed sfcilo. Broadbrim is fast. He was cut off furlong from home by
Silurian STvervinjr in toward rail. Latter was away poorly. Bathos no speed. Scratched
— Soa Lion 115. Dar-rerous M ajd_ 103. -. „ „ „ -. -. -r^-^-^^-^-*
i^f^T^^Tv^TlT^PiAcS^^x'. turlonRS ; selling-; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
j \Po.\*: '• '¦ j ,¦ Betting
Index Horse, Ag«, "Weight. Pst St. »4. %. Str. Fin. J ' Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
( t > ; — , —
i^?? 'Gibraltar 5 li:' 31 21 21 21 1% Bullman .... 1 7-5 9-10 1-2
1547 iSoci^llEt. 5 109 1 5<6 «h 32 31 25 E. Jones.... 10 I) 20 7
• <I419) iAma>H. 5 1C3J 14 12 11 1H33 Ransch 8 25 25 6
1496 iXecklsce. 6 103 4!3 S2 «4 4^* 41 Mounce 8 15 15 4
IV>«, C>ur Llzxle, S 111! 22 3h 52 €2 5% jO'Connor •-.. 4 7 2
14(9 Tibur.'n 4 10o! 8|7 715 7 20 7 IS 65 Dangman... 8 20 20 1
1528 ¦ \1. tvugherty. 3..1C-6 6 h 6n 6H 51 715 IJenkins 5 7 7 2
(i:.S0) : Prestidigitator. 3.1g: 718 8 8 8 -8 ! ,J. Daly 6 % 7 2
•Time '». :24V>; 't. :*£**: *i. 1:13V Iiad start. Wen first three driving. Winner, S. C. Hil
dreth'e' br h. by imp. Stonehedge-Chpmise. AVinner beat his field away. Socialist had the
r ifiktmaxe and 'rolled out of bed again. Our Lizzie wears a weary look. Tiburon speed
lets. Alice Dougherty lame. Prestidigitator practically left. Scratched — Good Hope 103,
Herculean 154. St. \Hooi 106. Jerid 110.
1574. FIFTH RACE— One mile and an eighth; selling; three-year-olds ' and up: purse, $400.
(— jPoTj j , Betting
Index jHorse, Age, Weight. jPstiSt. %. Str. Fin.) Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
liCl f-peclfic 3 10J| 22 12 In 12 1 1^ j Mounce 2 5 4 6-3
ISO tcarnpus 4 Ufl 33 81 32 !S !h Domlnlck ... 4 11-2 11-2 8-5
15o6 ITopmast. a lOJJ 11 6 4^44 34 JO* Connor ...I S 10 10 3
<U A ! Essence. 3 S3 E6'2h II 22 46 Ransch 5 6 4 8-5
iro6 'Kwr.lg. 4 1C3 €6 5n515 5 J. Miller.... 15 25 25 8
1534 '.Bar.gor. 4 111! 4 4 lh 6 « ... | Bullman .... 1 S-5 6-5 1-2
Time— 1 * •!*• **. :S7^i: KJ UBH: ft. 1:25; mile. l:405i: lHm. l:E3>i. Good start. Won easily.
Second' and third driving. Winner. C. R. Ellison's b. c. by St. Florian-Specialty. Specific
rrsbbed the rail an<5 vac hard to cs.tch. The clip he set ruined Essence. Topmast did
well. Koenir ne-ds a lrt-up. Bangor was bunped by Topmast, after which he sulked.
Scratched— Sir RoHa 1C5. 'Pulled up.
1575. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling: three-year-olds and upward; pune, 1400.
i iPo.l ~ i Betting .
Index ;Hor*e. Age. Weight. ' Pst 'St. hi. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
T«~iWycr.lng. a. 1C2 1 TJi In In 11 1H IDomlnick...! 5^ 7^ 6 8~7
1<95 IHorton 4 10?) 4 S Sh In 2h 2*i IBullman B-2 5-2 6-2 3-5
l.-.C'j Flush of Oi'.d, 8.103^ 61 6 6HS1 * * 'Mounce 7-10 4-5 4-5 1-3
1549 Tomli* Event. I. 93! 2 S 2 2 2 5 4 2 4 >i Ransch 6 12 12 4
1.V.1 'Lemachus. 2 104! 36 42 41 55 51 !O"Connor ... 8 15 ; 15 5
::,C5 Sur.r-llft. 3 102! 5 4 5 H 6 f. 6 'J. Walsh. ... 20 100 100 20
7 :rri A_i 4> : 23; 4, :4?s,; =;. l:14"-t; mile, 1:4C\. Good start. Won first three driving. Win
r.er, J. G. Brown & Cc.'s b. g. by Parolee-Carrice. Winner allowed to steal away too
far in the lead. Flush came from far back. Lamachus won't do. Scratched — Limelight
1/4 Grand Sax-hem IOC. Mocorito 107. Uarda 104. Malar H'6. Astor 103.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
BANGOR SULKS AGAIN.
OWNER IN TROUBLE
Ruled a 6 to 5 Favorite anc 1 Hildreth"
Stable Is. Suspended.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 1, 1901.
5
OCEAN TBAVEL."" ~
& N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Sp*ar-street Wharf at 10 a. rn.
CADE "2 First Class Including Berth
InnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails Dec. 24. Jan. 3
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Dae. »
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WABD. General Agent.
: 630 Market St.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHAHP. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. in.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 24. 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU
• Tuesday. February 19. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU :
Friday. March 13. 1501
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Kor
freight and passage apply at company's office.
4?1 Market street, corner First. -
W. H. AVKRY. General Agent.
PANAMA X1TK?"
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
S.S. ROANQKE sails January 8,
S. S. ST. PAUL sails Janaary 29,
From wharf, foot of Fremont st, at 2 p. m.
¦: Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
i| AAOnlA C g 4>A HAWAII, MKOA, NET! :
SS. ALAMEDA/ for Honolulu, Samoa, New
¦ Zealand 'and Australia ••
a ..V. Thursday, January 3. 1901, at 9 p. m.
SS.' AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti....
<?.;............. :..... Sunday. January C. 1 p. m.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only).
; '....Wednesday. January 1*. 2 t>. m.
/; D.SP8ECKELS k BROS. CO.; Beirara! Aoents. 327 Hartal St
Bea'l Passangar OtSsa, 643 Harht St., Ym lo. 7, Padfc ;Sl
OCEAN TRAVEL. "
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
* Steamers leave Broadway
fc^ wharf. San Franclaco:
yattii For Alaskan Ports— U a. m..
BJEgggk Jan. 1. 6. 11. 16. Jl. 25. 31. Feb.
ESjffEXjin". s - Change to company's steam-
II&Sb'* For VI c tor 'a. Vancouver (B.
EA?S!-V*S?Si C.), Port Towr.send. Seattle.
f^**t&JlS8s\ Tacoma, Everett. Aracortes.
and New Whatfom (Wash.)—
11 * rj., Jan. 1, 6, 11, 16. 21, 28.
tl. Feb. 5. and every fifth day thereafter.
Chance at Seattle for this corncany's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vanconver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Hamboldt Bay—! p. m.. Jan. 3. 8,
13. 18. 23, 28. Feb. 2, and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Loa An-
geles)— Steamer Queen, "Wednesdays. 9 a, m.;
steamer Santa Ros» .Sundays, 1a.m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
uccs. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Kueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona. Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays. S a. m.'
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Gu&ymas (Mex.)— 10 a. rn. "th each month.
For ' further Information obtain company's
folders.
¦The company reserves the right to changa
steamers, sailing: dates and hours of saillnK.
without previous notice.
TICKET * OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
OOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
COKPAGNIB 6SN2&AI.2 TSASSATLASTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Satlinjr every Thursday, lnsfoad of ¦*^3mS*
Saturday, at 10 a. in., from Pier 42. -wrVMIRM
Nor»h River, foot of Morton street. First class
i ?•• Havr*. YZ and unw.iril. Second class to
Havre. $45 aad upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. S2
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI i CO.. Pacific Coast Asents. 5
„ ...,._.-«.,> >vtuu«, e*an Franciscot. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY/ AND, RIVEB STFlAIVrrrrlS.
' FOR IK S/NAVYliFHYALLEJOr
" Steamer "Won tlccllo.".
MON.. Tues.. -TV«d.. Thurs. aad • Sat. at 9:O
a. m.. S:15, 8:20 p. m. (ex. Th'jn». ninht): Fri-
days. 1 p. n and S:3;l: Sunrtay.-*. 10:30 a. m., 3
p m. -Landing and offt'.' " '^^lon-street Dock
Pier Nor t. Telephone if '%¦;, ;
FARE ..............# L........50-.
7
SHARES OF
Have Been
Bought and Sold
-by— ~.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ,
Member Producers' Oil Exchange,
Booms 9-10, 330 Pine street,
Tel. Bush 385,
Who Solicits your orders and corre-
spondence and will furnish reliable
information on oil stocks without
charge.
WeeHyGall SLOOperYear
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
' HEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PABIS.
r ¦ Stopping ' at «' Cherbourg; westbound.
From New/ York : Every Wednesday, ;¦ 10 a. m.
Kensington ../..Jan.' 3|Vaderland .......Jan." 30
Noordland :...... Jan. 16 1 New York....... Feb. 6
Frlesland .....'.; Jan. 23 1 Kensington .....Feb. 13
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York , Every IWednesday, 12 , Noon.
. Kensington ..^.'.Jan.'-9 Southward. . ¦.'.:: Jan. 30
Noordland ¦'.. Jan. 16 Weaternland -...Feb. 6
Frlealand' . ;;.;.. Jan; 23 Kensington '..... Feb. 13
INTERNATIONAL." NAVIGATION COMPANY '
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. '
General-Agent- Pacific Coast.'
,> 30 > Montgomery * st. -
I %_§&M$JARY $ffiLEA$4-SJp SmLES B3e®$N Y. \
| Goods Bought iot* the Winter Season— 19OO-O1 a f
I Must Gio , Now, stnd Quickly I I
£ • Up-to-date storekeeping makes no provision for carrving goods, over from season to season, and this is a strictly up-to'-da'.e shopping
St : place. Five years ago it was called the "Twentieth Century Department Store," because its methods .were so far in advance of
i hose of ordinary establishments. Mir.y, indeed, have oeen the improvements since then, and there will be no abatement in our efforts to ,%
% make shopping easier, more'pieasant, and expenditures more economica 1 . In the line of making "expenditures more economical," we ¦ begin .%
£ the new year and the new century by quoting prices on merchandise that you a want^ that are from one- quarter to one-half less than those :j
If oiisi-alv asked. : ' ,* . \
|| csean-up-saieot . j% $al® ExtraorsBsnBP^m Groceries, I
i| £Li$$®L?3&a Bsaufifu] Novalties Worth From $1.25 to $2.50 per yard for 73d. LitgBXOPS* 5
\% fninpnrhrr thi^ morn About 3500 yards of choice high-grade Novelty Silks, bought from one of the largest Sugar—^st Dry Granulated, 18 S
* : hg we 'nan? vi'e -> and most prominent, joobing houses, go on sale to-day and balance 0/ week. \i quan- lbs $1.00 ;«
ii" lir&n _f\L n,,r 'rmiciifliiv tj * v lasts » &' a faction of its re \\ value There are about 120 different patterns. Washing Powder— -Pyramid, 5
• jp Illieil bdie. \JUl UHUbUrtiiy all good stylish colorings, of Striped Taffetas, Sitin S ripes, Corded Strip«, SoUd Color PUsse Effects, Small Jac- 6-oz packages, 1 2 for 25c *
I Urge business during the f - quard Designs, i-Pr.mcd Warp Effects, also a ievv Black and White Novelties; these Silks 'are all this Fall's style, SsftTIGIS Guarantee brand, 3 tint jj
!» HolidaVS has left On Olir. • both French and Domestic weaves, and among them you will find fabrics suitable for evening m _ ms _&*& • • 2So tJ
&; counters many broken line;, and we want the dresses, strret costumes, shire waists, underskirts, rufflings or elegant lining. They were ™J& ±Kd*T 4kf^ Tab r G FfUits Victory brand "*
I T™£?££™\™£.™ fe manufactured to retail at *i.a 5 , $ ii 5 o, $i,7S> oo and per yard. The special g A? £ QU and p ears> , *
J very 1 ghfy considered by u* when we irnem to 8ale-pnce - H/ Ce _Good quality, 6 lbs . . . 25C *
* c'.eai up. a stock. RtmemDer that toes: are ; ««o«s 1 y Z? X
Jf alireiable, desrable, f ood c a s linrns for e- s^* 29 "S~* '& MUSh Victory brand, of Cream >T
gfc ho'd 11 c. Many very fine damask cliths wi h- '^B jK*F -T7&^? ff j^T? W*\/^ 3 ff J^^jfff f~&*e**$T £W%~ S& i^^ Flaked Wheat, 4 packages .. .25O %
S "L^t^ZL'Sk?^^? ' /M jf^^r^ < i^ r ' 31 " U f* jM/' ~L rablo Ctorcf-Good crdbary, ]«
ki if. Brlow are a fe v iamp"e values: B aJW^$\ '¦ J~* If? IF s/^ 9 " it* h dMlf&XHk $*^j» gallon 3OO
I s "S"h™,o D '™ ;>6 °^@© JM IW c/Krf^ mmik %% Amzrtcan Cub Whiskey *
% 6,= w.H.'ii 1 ;;*!!- ** W mr| fJk'Jlh°n<5r°y and W$$W #£}$ I ° y $z ' s ° v " g s°2'oo S
V inches w!de, cut to A^ J^^, _ &£&<LsJ! +S ****** f^3&V\ Y ' 9^.UU
|«f 85c Bached Table Dama,k, 7 z R-J^ /SSft A(&*&> /T £ # Wit 9 / SS&Z \ WhUe Lafool StOUt— The best J
|JL inches wide, cut to.... &iC \^M{/]mi ] Mj?//7 F # MM,4J M ~ money can buy, dozen. . . $1.95 $
j jg $2.00 per dj>z=n Bached 3-4 (&fl __%£& /v^^^V'AA T\>4 Almost without exception everything in these departments is . 5
jg. Dinner Kapkins, cut to. . .cj^ » a*^CP 0/]r5^^ EXl " n^ vv dee P 1 . v ' price-cut. Cost co-jnts for naugnt this month Ik < \ — 5
g 8 %z Damask Crash Ro-krng, cut to ££** . Q^ on ladies' and children's Garments and Millinery. S:ason goods III \ \ * •{
% P"- Ar • ¦'.¦¦¦/'¦¦ jLA r*A0^P must c-o. Come to- dav. if you can, but ccme any dav and you // I i^l3¥1?B. : ?fi£S£5§[ti «2
» 5i. 00 per drzen Fringed Nspkir.s, m *SfJJI tf9k S*^ I h " v\W -n c : j v.- v. ¦ ' ' // I **u* si m •&*
1 aU linen, cut to. . , £*§•& \ will find big bargains. I ij\ \ .J
j; $i.7s F er doz.-n he» T Huck Tow-^^_ / \ V Jackets [ a&d A'jtcmobifes Reduserfm JgttsZ^ZSRK M @y§ jv
2 -f Is, \ cry large biz; each B/SaUjf J \ _ ot ._ A? oned i ot o{ fin . " m .A\ am anl heavv a 1-wcol Warm Jackets, all sizes and -_ Q -, ¦ (/0y/jf^fwS\& jS. OJ ££ i» " «
Die-jcned ana Uuoleaclim, LJwli vL/"' llackf » <>oublean(1$ ' n s le breasted » fittrd ba:k? > f^ n and have b-en-Q Q _ Qu te a large collection j$
\\ Odd lotS Of Filie Ti.WelS,e!C, 1 l^LJ< $I S oo,$i6. 5 o,$r8.o Oa nd 520.00; 2 n-up"prce >V.W _V int^r^^tino- TOVS come- I
* unm mir?'d at dean-ut Lot 3-As-xtteiiot of medium length Autom,^ fine ioc« teiu «j YSrzppGrs, Petticoats, Etc., Reduced, oi iiueresi.i^ ioys some g
i TrLc P ™f« n i*t**£>^>^ km .cly, all coir, £ ' a ' . ¥ WQr$e fa fa^..
% priCeS. A an black, have been fzo.oo, $22.50 and "clean- 495 .^l-JWp" price . . 9SC .. , .- , %£&£ the X
a , Vrnce.. ..... ....: : -T^va Lot 2 J. Ass , :t d , t of 3 n , w tZ flmnefett- \v« r p p », b«t making a nd hr g and display durmg the .*
h' = Lot . 4-Full! length long coats- A-.tomohl^; ' «>k anei throughout g- d wa ; r ,^ r . v $t . 7y " «cl«n-up" „ ,- « r oot Phri^trPIC: Tl^h N^VV "5
5 a^m mm £» m — ! loose bickf, the extr.i rtyiisb cost, in fin: Ii^ht and md.un shad s of fc » ' b - * ' » r \1 V< grCal lUbll. INiJVV, .J
5 GieSSIi-Up &8W OT tan and black, hav.- been J25.00, J27. 50 and $30.00; Vin iV ! JV' 'a '" Vt' ' ">'&*' u" " ';V^'ii V ' "i" " 'a " 'i '»' a m D^^«;« T.Ul of . c^r* n A X
Si a i( , n ., '• ? 3 > *- / 3 *) S19.75 L0t3- A-sjrt.-dloto hn: "n-arsilk' Undersknts d:rp pleated ruffles, Gn Bargain 1 ableS, SeCOnd S
*•' Was »»»«-.#§^>St<H clean-up price. •?**. " fiQ . g^ _ ¦ Jn thc b . s£ sbadts and black _ nd 1 , j - , Q » ' . jj
j^ b &Brn-'%MW&r TaUor Drsssss Reduced, re^hri.- $z!z 5 , S o and $x 75 | "cban-up- price $1.48 floor. Take your choice for *
** Lot I— A sortei lot of thb and last season's Tailor Dressef, "ra'ny-day" Let 4— Assorted lot of th; fins: "near silk" sa cen and si k moreen m .«
*t %J&BB5iir&m and the rscular dres: style, a splendid let of al! wool d.es s, 'and all Unfcnkir: , mo t leautlfaUv ma J e geed', black and all fine -.* Q >, fr&SlSM ff^S^ISSSa »
D Th- balance of a colors and b'acks, have been $12.50, |i 5 .oo and «2o.co; -_„ co ors; r.-gxilarry f * J4.50 and $5 "1 an-up" price *^.^J .«
K f$m -=§3^ big j SK. «Kk "clean-up" price'........:*..'.'.*. 5 *...... $7.9^ L t 5-Ca.lden', Ruto-r Co.« .bt, out,d=, .ubcer kn n,, $J .q J
£ S^lpL ~ " .,,3^ c f the latest style Lot 2— As:ortei lot of newest Tailor Dresses, with and without reveres, deep cap:; r-gul At $2.75, "A avu; pr:c.e *
?. ,^^tlXa^i^^ p o ; nt Venise h"gh and turn-down collars and double ani single breasted, in coverts L",t 6- A;srteJ bt cf Ladies' Mickhtcshe?, ?11 fine fancy plaid linings, >j
. I **UBr --2^0] Embroidered ani cheviots, in all col.r, an! b'ack, have bern 5lS.oo and _,„ cn «ool = shrner; covering, d LutL- reasted c^prs v.lvet co-Jir; 5*03 ClBaSt-Up OSJC Ot J
* Jj^ Turn- Over Col- *».oo; "clean-up" price ,,., $1^50 « 6 «larl $ 6.50, J 7 . 5 o and $ 9 . 5 o, "clean-up p,,ce **.*.> — «.-«»•««. rf«, S
& Iars, imported this Ut 3— A-sorted lot of our finest new Tailor Drrses, tnTmei and phin, _rB3P %
ti «»son from St. Ga'l, Swi if rlanl, about "100 beautilul goods and styles, havj be;n $25,00, f 30.00 and ~ t ' Q _., _ ~ril~- ! .9 nr t r>f>.V#/ M n' c , -. r* x. u- 1 5
J doz-n in a«;rtei Jatterne; worth regula.ly S35-°o; "c!ean-up" price. . . ; '. $19.73 t^^'^f *, C *L"« rCJ9 f All Fur Garments have been greatly |
J» a5 c each—on 8 F e;iai siie to- Skirts Reduce:!. i. Muslm Westr RetfuCCCf. reduced in pnee. g
J »idbabnceof-the week, fl _^ gj* Lct j_ New i fra - ny^ ay » an j drKS i engt h all-wool Skirts, all this sea- No ore has tertcr Undermuslina-'cw keip as good-mi a'l rirgains Thcse two specials indicate how liber- &
?• ••..........,. Mn , b . ack Ml colo Ull £ S-OO «. clean - ice • ~ e l :d " : °" r re^ar sto:k, tuC goods bought to bz .old cheiply, but „ _.. p ri ce . cu: ang in this de- •*
J, joj.^7 4 J all finely m-ide. Netbnvj small about them. ' r ° Jm
__-" - •" _• Lot 2—' AVpieVdida/sortmVn"t"o7' < ra*iny^ay' ; 'skirU I5c partment. jf
l» CBC%6fi m %fB$ SSBQ QT and plain oacks, and also many styles of Dress S'cirts, plain and $1.00, 85c and 75c Corjr: Covr s, rr.ixd lor, cu* to 50c Extra, choice qua'ity of China Seal }f
t( a *w^ __r r- trimmed, new flaring styles, have been $7. 50, $8.50 -J o _ £1.00 line Cambi: D a vcrs, line embroil ry, cut to; 39c Cap- with Russian Mink Collar, '^
I lace Curtains. |rp$&p&f£; %SM$u :^ IM S: < £%^^^^:™":::::::::::»M ss*S «* m m, and tm »*. *
j^ About 250 half pairs of Lice Curtains, a!l of trimmed and plain, fine linings and fin; :ty!cs, all colors and -, --, $1.25 Fine Muslin Gown?, empire style, cut to 75c 14-inch, for- 5
3b them about 3 'j \ards long and from 50 to black, have b?en >IO.OC; "c.'ean-up" price. $2.75 Elegant N'ainsoo'c Gov ns, bee insrrion, cut to $1-75 mer'y $IO, cut *j
J. 60 inches wide, assorte! patterns, heavy TA/-r,e*:f*s f&t*r!r*f*£zrf f 3.00 Elegant Emb-oider\--Trimmed Skirts cut to 52.00 , Q ' &fi RCZ VNMWiSjF •*•
J. linen effect, Brussels effects, Battrnbrrgs', yw^is»i:> ntbu^tfus J4.00 El-gint Skirts, 3 lace imer.ions and edge of lace, cut to. . .$2.50 'V- u f )£?^Mfi
»T etc., wiU b: placrd on tale to-day and ba'ance Lot I— A splendidly ported lot of new a'J-wool Waists, lined thorough- $5.50 Elegmt 2-RutBedSkir:s, and bs:rtions,2edgeso: lace, cu:to$3.00 ItMncn, Wr- " S» *SL "5
* of \v;ek, if quantity lasts, at (QSS than out, in all the newe t and best colors ani bhek, all s'z^, pVm anJ j; 5 .oo Eleg nt Skirts, 3 insertionsoflace, aedgesoMice.cutto $2.75 merly$ll, cut m&ZJs& ' 3*
V OnO'hati their real valur— each trimmed, tucked and cor >cd and peart-l, regularly <i.75, 5. ,- KL-gant All-Lav.n Skrt C )emis% lace t.immed, cu: :o ... .$1.75 to ST.^5 J^ir?*^ '**
** JraiTSi^ A 4f*+ m/T% oo ' $z ' zs anJ i " 2 - s ° i " cl " n - u P" P rice *1.M 5 . y. o an j < 4 . 75 Corse: Covers and Skir: Combin-d, cut to... $2.00 7e : nr u f nr A^^tt-^^ V
V *&lBi2 fO *5ial3£3 Lot 2— Assorted lot of our best mediu-ii graic3 and style? ot" all-wool J ' VJ3 * +o Ib-inch, iOr- y^gfcfJ^S^i %
J. wmBW*** Flannel Waists, perfectly made and al the newest an J best -, AQ merly S»2-5O, j^^^fS^^a. 3»
*- colorsandb'ackf, r.-gubr y <2. 5 O and 52.75; "c!ran-up" price $1-O> CStsMrSSl'S GSflS, GlOSkS Ond DrSSSQS CUt U3.$8m15 jjjfffiflpf|j I jiS^ 2
t* . Lot 3 — Assorted lo: ct" plain and po'ka dut Waists in all-woul rla nel, all __ , . __, t < m at •• r* t p.... /.k«t/-» Si V£&m « 8 W«fi SCtfV •
» GBean-Un SaBe of thc colors and k » *^ ™ 3* rf Ik Dg and ' Rsdused fcr "Gtean-Up" Sale. Extra choice |^ .;
k . l^llcftf UP &m<S Or n $ > ani j lld lJ up ,, price ; $2.^ $ ,. OO Co!or,d SUk Cap. fur trimrr.ed, cut to 50c f^Y °* f C Mi»^f 5
** 3 SSS4IP£2><£:* &§&»&&«& Lot 4— A-sortel lot of silk and French flannel and veheteen lancy <i .50 Co!o:ed Silk Bonnrts, cut to Sl.CO Seal and Astra- ft
J» «-*«««*«?«» ' Wa gts, model styles, all finest shades and finish, rcgu'arry -,, Q -, < 4 . 50 Co o: el Silk No mandy Bonnets, cut to ...$3.00 chan Collar- IM^^y^^
An ssscrtedlo: of Ladies' Belu, about 300 in. . I5.00 and f 6; "clean-up" price $J.VJ $3.00 i-p'e:e D.esses, ages 12 anJ 14, cut to $2.00 g£ former '?
I S!SS^MM^10M A " Miitinery Reduoea. u .°°,™<° ss.so \
V sold at 75c and $i.go each, on special sale me MiLinery breasts, pompons, ehapes, hats. . $7-°° White Btd.ord Coa-sfor babies, cut to 55.00 • :¦¦;.: .,.. •»
!» to-day and balance ot week if 0% gg *o° ' ar g e black, white qull fcrcast effects; wers 35c, cut to 10c $1 75 White Cashiltre Coats ior bib : es, lut ta. $1.75 ¦ jj
ft,* quant tv lasts each AGtik&C 150 two-tone J quill pompons, d'.zen in bunch; were 75c; now p.-r Int'ar.td* Wh t; Lawn D.eaes t:iat wrre $5.03, cn: to $2.Q5 _ -*** x
j. .. "*" • bunch, cu: to.. 15c Infant}* Soft S.le Shces, b!atk, tan, choco ate, tba: were 50c, cut to.. I9c : .'•"'," MJM*IG~r~iGCU J*
»' : 200 bunches Winter Violets, were 75c and J1.00 per bunch, cut t>.25c Children's long and short White Dresrs reiuced. >¦ m ut m X
Jio 00 Trimm-d Hats, finely made, now $3.75 Children's Box Coat;, brjken lin:', agc3 4 to 14, all rrduced. #V ©C J^©£$&» ft
S ™i ? W . tH'.lo Imllnld Hat's'. '. '. '. \ \ '. '. \ '< '. '. '. '. '. '. '. '. '. '. '. '. '. '. '. '. ) '. '. \ '. '. '. Corsai."sTendid fyS^redoced. Fancy Needk Books, a sort :d . . 13c to $1.00 £
X with a large assortment o: designs, that arr 1^ raS^D^^ E? <^^ Gold Spikes, assorted sizes, each ... 5c to $».5O \f
ft worth regularly at least 3 cc each; on tpjdal M ' 0 m «££ a *X9% *• T M Dress Shelds, al! sizes and makes. . .5c to 50c £
§• nk to-day and balance of 0% JOj . P 8 C^^B^i^EB H^S^iCJ K^S^SSlS15*« *^ French Seeing Cotrcn, 500 yard spool 15c X
§ &?&.%$:;:. a * G . CALIFORNIA'S IJVRGEST-AAIERICA'S GRANDEST STORE 5
<U> ¦.'--. :'-. . %^
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
TITE EMPORIUM.WASHINGTON, , Dec. 31.— T. Dlckson la
at the ; National ; Mr. Velltchers Is at ; the
Ht. James ;k\V.'H. Metson and wife are at
the Arlington; • C. - ; E. --.TVordon, F. M. '• Far
rar and L. R. Payne and wife are at the
Raleigh— all from San Francisco.
CAJ j IFO:RNIA2*S IN WASHINGTON
! The Oaklander who. sliced off his thumb, while try
ing' ;to cut for himself a bit of free lunch the other
day would probably resent a suggestion that he was
overcome by some hidden prompting which leads to
cannibalism. BPtt
.'-. The ; venturesome hunters who narrowly escaped
death in a raging torrent in Dry Creek would prob
'ably like to meet the idiot who gave that name to the
stream. •
Although the postal card was designed for the pur
pose of convenience the' report of the Postmaster Gen
eral shows that during the past year there' were sent
through the mails six letters for every postal card. It
appears we are neither so lazy nor so economical as
some folks. think. We would rather write a letter and/
pay two cents postage than to scrawl a postal card and
send it for a cent. ,
Colombia insists that the sovereignty of the Amer
ican", isthmian canal shall be hers in order that she
shall" be the bulwark" against which the aggressions
of greedy nations shall not avail. She must feel like
the little boy who wanted to go out and whip the
world and was brought back to his senses by an ap
plication of the maternal slipper.
The old-time assessment system by which subordi
nates in public offices were forced to make holiday
presents to their superiors seems this year to have
been reversed. The "packages" have been handed to
the deputies in the form of dismissal for "the good of
the. service." • ' . • . ' V
The world's railway mileage Is 440,000.
Of this 230,500 is in America. North and
South.
• Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invigoratorl
The best liver medicine. A vegetable cure tor
liver Ills, biliousness. Indigestion, constipation.*
Gaa Consumers* Association, 344 Pott St.. re
duces r&a bills' from 20 to 40 per cent. Gas asd
eleetrlo meter* tested. Electrical department.
All kinds of electric work promptly attended to."
There are no old maids in China; a hus
band-is provided for each girl. Hs may
not be to her liking, and It is not usually
with her consent that she Is .married.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tbs
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 310 Mont
gomery st Telephone Main 1042. *
Choice candies. Townaend's.Palace Hotel.*
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50a a
pound. In fire-etched' boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street, Palace Hotel building. •
For some time past there has been much opposition
in New York to the project for a deep waterway
from the lakes to the ocean on account of the loss
of business the construction of such a canal might
entail. The operation of the new vessels will show
whether the fears of New Yorkers in thai respect
are well founded. As four of them.are to be 1 engaged
in the trade and as each of them -lias a -capacity of
7000 tons, it will be seen they <will be ablcf to very
thoroughly test Chicago's fitness to compete with
New York as an importing city; and the results may
materially hasten the construction of the c proposed
deep-water canal by demonstrating the benefits direct
communication from the lakes'to the sea will.be to
the people of the Mississippi Valley. • '
' The new boats will be freighters only, but will
probably have the effect of cutting down to a con
siderable extent the .trade New York has carried on
in the way of handling Chicago's traffic with'the Old
World. As grain and other freight shipjied by the"
newly launched vessel and others like it will not have
to'break bulk or be transshipped, there will be a large
saving as compared to the presentmode of shipping,
and New York will have to offer counterbalancing
advantages or lose the trade. • • •
/"""•HICAGO managed to launch before the
( close of the nineteenth century a ship designed
to make the voyage from the lakes across the
ccean to Europe. It is a step toward the accomplish
ment of an object upon which Chicago enterprise
has iong been bent. So eager have they been to
place their city into direct communication with th?
ocean in some way that most Chicagoans would have
felt a good deal of regret had the century closed with
out showing something done in the way of its ac
complishment.
PROM LAKE TO OCE0N.
% Commander ! Drake, ' who : was to have
Vailed on the Coptic several days ago but
who waa detained at the last minute : by
the I serious \ illness . of his ; wife, is at ; the
Occidental with ¦ Mrs. ¦ Drake, . she ; having
recovered. They will leave for the Orient
on the next steamship.
George Clarke, who has been superin
tendent of the Pullman Company at Oak
land pier t or . twelve years , has been : ap
pointed superintendent of the Chicago di
vision; He leaves for the East to-morrow
morning.
Mrs. R. B. Paddock, wife of Major Pad
dock/ located at Manila, came in on the
transport Grant, yesterday, and •will leave
in a day or two for Chicago, her home.
Dr. Bertha A. H. Saunders, wife of Cap
tain Saunders of the Pacific Mail, is at the
Occidental after an absence of six months
attending the. Paris Exposition.
Frank P. Flint, United States Attorney
for the Southern District of California, ar
rived In the city yesterday.
Governor Gage left the city for Los An
geles Sunday afternoon, expecting to re
turn next Thursday.
Robert G. Barton, proprietor of the 4 Bar
ton Opera-house at Fresno, 13 registered
at the California".* .
W. J. Holllngsworth, a prominent Los
Angeles real estate man, is at the Occi
dental.
I. A. Nadeau of Seattle, general agent
for the Northern Pacific, is at the Occi
dental.
J. C. Muir of Uklah Is at the Lick.
George " E. Goodman Jr. of Napa Is at
the Palace.
Dr. A. C. Winn of Marln County is at
the California.
T. It. Reed and H. M. Reed of Reedly
are at the Grand..
Chaplain James I* Smiley, U. S. A., is
at the Occidental.
Dr. R. B. Ward of the United States
navy Is at the Palace.
Captain E. P. Newhall. a Grayson min
ing man, is at the Russ.
' R. G. Morrison, an oil operator at Ba
kersheld. Is at the California.
\ H. A. Jastro, a prominent Bakersfleld
business man, is at the Grand.
Frank H. Webster, a Minturn vineyard
let, is registered at the Grand.
A GIFT DEED-^A. S.. City. A person
the owner of a. piece of realty may exe
cute a deed of gift of the same to a child
for love and affection as a consideration,
but If the party making such gift "oes not
want the child to come in possession 0 of
the property during the tffe time of the
maker, the 'party executing the deed can
place it in escrow with a third party, to
be held until the death of the grantor,
when it shall be delivered to the grantee,
arid it can then be placed on' record. Or
the party may make an absolute deed to
the child if such Is of age to enter Into a
contract. In such a case there must be
a consideration named in the deed. It
may be as low as a dollar. A party wish
ine to make such a conveyance should
place the matter In the hands of a repu
table attorney, «who will prepare the
papers as they should be.
- IMMIGRATION— H. J. F.. Decoto, Cal.
An Immigrant ) coming to the United
States from a foreign country does not
have. to pay a bonus before he can' land.
You probably have in mind the follow
ing from the law that governs the land-
Ing of immigrants, which* requires that
every vessel bringing immigrants must
be supplied, with a manifest giving a com
plete list of immigrants on board and the
following Information rs to each immi
grant: ¦•;
¦."The full name, age and »ex: whether married
or single: the calling or occupation; whether
able to read or write; th*- nationality; the last
residence; the seaport for landing: In the United
States; the final destination. If any. beyond the
; seaport of landing; whether having a ticket
j through to such final destination; whether the
Immigrant has paid his own passaire or whether
It has been paid by any other person, or any
corporation, society, municipality or govern
ment; whether In possession of money, and, If
so. whether upward of JJO. and how much -if
J30 or less; whether to Join a relative, and M
so, what relative, name and address; whether
ever before in th* United States, and If so,
when and where; whether/ever In prison or
-almshouse or supported by charity; whether a
tolygamist; whether under contract, express or
fmplledrto perform labor In the United Ptatea,
and what Is the Jmmljrranfs condition of health
mentally and physically, and whether deformed
or crippled, and If so from what cause.
TWO HOTELS— Bl. City. The Palace
Hotel was opened In 1873 and the Bald
win In 1S77.
A HAND IN CRIBBAGE— Sub, Gold
Run. Cal. Three sevens, , one six and
eight turned up,. In cribbage, count
twenty-one point*;
TO SOUTH AMBRICA-A. P. G., Mor
rlstown, Tenn. Steamers for Guayaquil
and other South American ports leave San
Francisco pn the 8th and 18th of each
'month. ' - ¦--
HUMP ON THE NOSE— B. G., City. A
hump on the nose Is the formation of na
ture. This department does not know of
any home treatment that will reduce such
a hump.
ON THE PHILADELPHIA— M. V..
City. For such information as you desire
about your son who is on the United
States steamship Philadelphia, you should
'address a letter to the executive officer,
and If the information you seek can be
given It will be sent to you.
. There are other dark spots. Recent reports to
the War. Department are to the effect that attempts
to supplant Mexican silver- in the islands with Ameri
can money have been futile, that the alien contract
labor law of the United States could not be enforced
there without injuring large agricultural interests,* and
that .various- efforts to establish civil administration
under American supervision have failed.
The .brighter side of the problem isi.presented in a
recent letter from Colonel Parker, who is in com
mand of a province in Southeastern Luzon, with a
population of about 50,000. The letter, written* to "a
friend, was published in the .Outlook." The writer
says: "Things are gradually progressing here. We
have- Mayors and police "in ; all the. towns of the
province, and also schools. I'detail a soldier to teach
EngKsh in each school- and the children are making
great progress. On- account °of the confusion' of dia
kctsj BIcol, Visayan, llolan and Tagal,°th<; text books
have, always been Spanish. I trust that the commis
sion will not allow this system to be perpetuated." -I
*propose"rhat in the fchools of this district the chil
dren shall learn geography, history an ji arithmetic fn
• English,' as they desire to° do."
The notable -point in the statement is -the an
nouncement that the children jdesire to learn in Eng
lish/ Their: willingness implies an-almost equal will
ingness .on the part of the.parehts, for if the children
were taught at home to hate Americans, or to be op
posed to American ways, they would show the result
of that teaching by sullenness and by antagonism to
everything American introduced into their lessons.
• As an illustration of the. temper "of the people
toward American instruction, Colonel Parker says:
In one of the fcchools I have established here the*
children, uruffht two hours daily by a eoldler,- orally, (for
1 have, ho booics^have , learned In six -weeks; over 500
English words, and^ can even ¦.sustain, a short conversa
tlon^thelr.accent being clear and distinct. Nowadays, as
I ride about my. province J am saluted nt every. door by
"little childish, voices piping up. "Good morning, colonel."
[l stop and speak wifjj tfcfcn in English. They answer
USMnHnBHMllBfli ' * ' ¦ ' ¦'¦ " '
The dark side of the situation is fairly well under
stood. Aguinaldo shows no signs of either making'
an unconditional surrender or of accepting any con
ciliatory tactics on our part. His followers, though
weak' in & military sense, are. still so numerous as.
to require us to maintain an army of 60,000 tnen in
the islands to keep the prestige of authority. As for
making a well ordered peace and keeping "it un
disturbed, that appears for the present to be an im
possibility. \
OJsE of the questions which will engage the
attention of all patripts in pondering upon
the problems which confront the country at
the beginning of the new century is that of our
dealings with the Philippines. There is much of
gloom upon the prospects there, but evidence is not
lacking of a coming light that will clear the skies. If
affairs be' not well now, there is, promise at least they
will improve from this time on!
LIGHT IN THE PHILIPPINES.
That, then, is the result of trying to run. an ideal
newspaper according to the notions of men who
know nothing about newspapers or the newspaper
public. Men are not as bad nor are Christians as
weak as Dr. Parker reports them. There is much
of virtue and of intelligence in the world, as all true
newspaper men know. The trouble with Parker is
that he tried to reach that intelligence and appealed to
that virtue in the wrong way. The moral of the les
son is' that if the ideal newspaper is to be developed in
this century it will be developed under the direction
and according to the ideals of newspaper men.
His remarks revealed that he was disappointed by
the failure of his anti-gambling cruFPfle in that paper.
He said he almost feared it was impossible' for a daily
paper to live without gambling. Christians were dead
or it would not be so. A theoretical Christian laid aside
hi;? Bible and hymnbook to follow the betting newsl A
Christian c of this type barred the greatest reformation
the world would ever see, namely In the region of Jour
nalism. Continuing, Mr. Parker said: "The letters I re
ceived from nominal Christians during my editorship dis
gusted me. Christians are becoming invalids, and the
church is a hospital. Nurses are wanted. • Manliness is
dead."
In the absence of «ny o production from Dr. Park
hurst, we shall have to set against the paper which.
Harmsworth will present the experience of Rev.
Dr. Parker of the City Temple, London, who for
a week had charge of the London Sun and conducted
it according to his notion. 'Parker was not satisfied
with the result of his efforts and concluded that the
public and not the press is to blame for whatever
may be deserving of blame in the modern newspaper.
A' dispatch giving a report of his allusion to the
subject in his Christmas sermon says: „¦ 0 . .
r~" OMETHING of regret may be felt that Dr.
Parkhurst did not have .an opportunity to
*— ' bring out this morning his ideal newspaper,
so that it might be seen in contrast with that which
Alfred Harmsworth, editor and proprietor of the
London Mail, is to get out for the New York World.
The ideal paper of the zealous moral' reformer and
the ideal paper of the practical editor appearing on
the same day would furnish an interesting and pos
sibly an instructive object lesson for editors.and re
formers alike. » *
THE IDE0L NEWSPAPER.
No matter how grave a crime he com
mitted, he never could' be electrocuted
for it.
He had never heard of the germ theory
or worried over bacilli and bacteria.
He had never looked pleasant before a
photographer or had his picture taken.
He wouldn't have known a complex lens
from a jinrickisha-
He had never heard of Neptune and
Ceres.' . .- .,
He couldn't measure the distance be
tween the stars.
He had: heard of oxygen, but would not
have understood an allusion to liquid air.
He had never heard of the molecular
constitution of matter, or the conserva-
One hundred years ago a man could not
take a ride on a steamboat.
He could not go from Washington to
New York' in a few hours.
He had never heard of a Pullman palace
car porter. ,
He had never seen an electric light or
dreamed of an electric car.
He could not make a cake of ice as big
as a lump of sugar.
He could not cool himself under an elec
tric fan or warm himself at a Bteara ra
diator.
He could not send a telegram.
He could not talk through the telephone,
and he had never heard of the hello girl.
He had never seen a shirt waist or a
rainy-day skirt. •
He could not ride a bicycle.
He could not call in a stenographer and
dictate a letter.
He had never received a typewritten
communication. . • "¦.
In short, there were several things that
he could not do and several things he
did not know.
He never heard a phonograph talk or
eaw a kinetoscope turn out a prize fight.
He never saw through a Webster's Un
abridged Dictionary with the aid of a
Roentgen, ray.
He had never taken a ride In an eleva
tor.
He had never Imagined such a thing a
type-setting machine or a typewriter. ¦
lie had never used anything but a wood
en plow.
He had never seen his wife using a
sewing machine.
He had never struck a match on his
pants or anything else.
He had never hung up against a gas
post.
He had never /seen a searchlight or
drunk a cocktail.
He couldn't take an anesthetic and hava
his leg cut off without feeling tt.
He knew nothing of geology because
geology knew nothing of itself.
He had never visited a free library.
He had never purchased a ten-cent mag
azine, which would have been regarded
as a miracle of art.
He could not buy a paper for a nickel
and learn everything that had happened
the day before all over the world.
He had never crossed an iron bridge
or traveled in a public omnibus.
He had never sailed through the Sues
canal.
He had never used a deadly explosive
or tried 'smokeless powder.
He was aware that there was such a
thing as electricity, but looked upon It as
a germ.
tion of energy, and did not know that
he was descended from a monkey.
He could not predict a rain or announce
the coming of a cold wave or a cyclone.
ONE HUNDRED YEARS AGO.
There ought to be common sense 'enough in the
country to stop the. destruction and begin the process
of rehabilitation. Australia has done this and so has
Texas. Must the United States confess that it has
not their wisdom, and permit the flocks and herds
to disappear with what they feed on, and the price
01 meat to rise until its consumption is limited 'to
the few who can afford it? The Salt Lake Gty con
vention will discuss this subject California should
Ve repfesented there. We believe the Governor has
the appointment of delegates and the State Agricul
tural Society is entitled to representation, as are the
\arious livestock organizations and the railroads. The
State has a vital interest in the subject. # Not only ou'
domestic meat supply is in peril, but a possible ex
port trade of great proportions. The stock ranger,
Jhe consumer and the transportation companies have
a common interest in the matter and should work
together. Who will see that the State is represented?
* r 'HE annual meeting of the National Livestock
I Association occurs at Salt Lake City on= the
* 14th inst. This is the most* important gather
ing of stockmen in the history of that industry. It
may make /or the permanence of the interest it rep
resents, and it may make for its destruction. Thi
rrost portentous economic fact at the close of the
century in this country is the decadence in our meat
supply and the startling advance in price to the con
sumer. These things are brought about by the de
struction of pasture on the domain, used
for stock ranging. That pasture is natunJly one of
the great sources of national wealth. When destroyed
the nation has lost cue of its potentialities, and the
public treasury has had no return. •
THE STOCK CONVENTION.
BARELY fifteen years have elapsed
since the automatic coin-In-the-slot
machine first appeared in public
places to supply customers with ci
garettes, matches, .chocolates,
sweetmeats, stationery, etc., while in its
latest phase this contrivance — in conjunc
tion with a lighted street lamp— has been
made available for the automatic purvey
ance of hot -water and hot drinks. Surely
it may be thought this extremely utilita
rian invention can only have been due
to the ingenuity of the present generation;
and it is, therefore, startling to learn that
tile automatic machine is one of the old
est projects in everyday use, since It was
known a century before Christ, being the
invention of that great mathematician.
Hero, of Alexandria, who flourished B. C.
117-81.
The explanation of the mechanism in
side the vase was very simple; the vessel
contains another holding the wine, ami
near to the latter is placed a vertical rod
about which turns a well-balanced beam.
When the coin is dropped through the
slot it falls on one end of this- horizontal
beam, which, being depressed, opens a
valve suspended from a chain at the other
end, and the wine commences to flow out
through a pipe.
Hero, according to Good "Words, invent
ed what he termed a "sacrificial vessel
which flows only when money is Intro
ducod." and a full description of this ap
paratus i3 contained in his famous treat
ise on pneumatics, reissued by ¦Thovenot
royal librarian to I-ouis XIV of France
in the year 1C02. "If into certain saeriflcia
vessels a coin of 5 drachmas be thrown
water or wine shall flow out and sur
round them," so runs the postulate.
The views thus presented "must be given serious
consideration. American society is confronted by a
serious evil, one with which we have had. little ex
perience; and consequently one whose most effective
punishment is unknown to us. The one thing certain
is that something should be done at once. Already
there have come reports of other attempts' at kidnap
ing, the criminals being doubtless incited thereto by
the success obtained in the Omaha case. Nor can
it be questioned that the danger is great. \ If a boy
of 15 can be abducted frbm a public highway in a
well-settled .district and carried off with impunity in
one locality, the same thing can be done elsewhere.
By some means the law should deal out to.it a stern
justice that will deter criminals from attempting it.
Kidnaping differs from other crimes usually pun
ished with death, fn that the perpetrator, after the com
mission of the act. has it in his own power to inflict still
greater injury If the exigencies of his escape from cap
ture require it. The prevailing theory in the Cnarlie
Ross case Is that the little boy was put to death when
It became evident to his captors that his existence in
the flesh embarrassed their chances of evading detection.
If such a result could follow— and If it didn't follow in
the Ross case it might in* some other — when the child
was of tender years (.four years old), and when the pun
ishment was only a term in the penitentiary, what might
not be done by unscrupulous brigands with. a boy of
fifteen— young Cudahy's age^if detection meant a sen
tence to the gallows? It is Just possible that punishment
may be made so extreme as to defeat its own ends.
There is the further danger that, instead of acting as a
deterrent of crime, the death penalty may, as it does so
often in murder cases, act as a deterrent to conviction
on anything but the strongest form of direct evidence.
It was not to be expected that all should take
the same view of the question. There are many
voices in opposition to the 'death penalty for such
an offense. It is argued by- the Baltimore American,
for example, that the imposition of an extreme pen
alty might produce more evil than good. It says:
The Call has pointed out that under our existing
statutes no adequate punishment is provided for the
crime of abductfon »vith the intent of extorting ran
som, and has tentatively, suggested a death penalty
for the offense. A similar view has been taken else
where; and it is reported that in Illinois a strong
movement has been started to procure legislation to
that effect. By reason of that movement the issue
has taken a definite shape in the East, and is. being
extensively discussed there. »
PENALTY FOR KIDNAPING.
V/t R. CUDAHV of Omaha is reported to have
/ \ received an anonymous letter warning him
, .. that if he persist in his'efforts to capture the
criminals who kidnaped his son and extorted a ran
som of $25,000 for his release, the "job will be fin
ished with a bullet." The threat of murder is thus
added to the original offense, and another incentive
is given to the immediate adoption of legislation
tending to the suppression of that form of crime.
TUESDAY ......... /JANUARY I, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Aidrcts All CesriLocititicEs ta W. S.- LEAKE, Kutgtr.
MAVlGKRtu OFFICE. ....... .Telephone Prei» 2O-*
rLBLICATlOX OFFICK...Mnrket and Third. S. F.
Telephone' Pressf 201. »
EDITORIAL ROOMS. ... .217 in 221 Stevenson St.
'Telephone; Pre»» 202. c .. •
Delivered t»r Carrier*. 1ft Cvnim Per Week.
Sfitcle Coplen. » Cent*.
. TfmiK by- Mat]. IncJndlnK Poatajcret
DAILY CALL (Inducing Sundar). cce year- ..J6.0J
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). « month* 3<W
DAILY CALL {Including Sunday). S months. 1 .. .'. l.M
DA1LT CALL-By Single Month t5f
BCNDAT CALL. One Tear 1-S»
WEEKLY CALL, One Tear »•«
All postmaster* nre authorised to receive
» u h-ortvt ion*. ¦ "¦
Ss^rp'.e eep!e» «U be forwarded when wqueeted.
Mail *cb«rr1ben> . In rrdertni? rhanre of adflreps »fcould ;«e
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prempt and correct compliance witb their request.
OAhlA\D OFFICE. 1118 Broadway
c. george Knocxrrss.
Kuirtr Tmign ktniiiiizg. KirgcetU Building. Clitip.
iLon« Instance Telephone "Central Zlli.") , .
JCEW TOIIK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAIILTO\ : . Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
KTEPHES II. SMITH 3l> Tribune Ituildlne
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
\Talcorf-Aetcr5a Hotel; A, Brentano, a Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel. ' - ¦
CHICAGO XHtVS STAICDS:
Eherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hate!:
Fretccst House; Auditorium Hotel. .:.«..
WASHINGTON <D. C> OFFICE 14OO G St.. N. W.
31 Oil TON IJ. CRANE. Correspondent.
ERANCH OFFICES— CJ7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, cp'n
until t:Z? o'clock. 800 Hayes, cpen until 9:33 o'clock. €33
McAllister, oren until 9:S0 o'clock. '€15 Lsrlrtn, open un'l!
»::* o'clock. 1941 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2X1 Market,
ccrr.er Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 0 lCSt Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, cpen until 9 o'clock. NW. cor- I
n«r Twer.ty-seoor.d and Kentucky, cpeh until » o'clock. i
The United States stands definitely
pledged to give Cuba a chance to try-Inde
pendence, and President McKlnley has
piven every proof of a des'ro to fulfill this
pledge. Any utterance casting doubt upon
Its ultimate fulfillment places the^admln.
lstratlon in a false light and makes the
task of Cuban reconstruction more dim
cult.-CHICAGO TIMES-HERALD.
Akin to Savagery.
Out of college the barbarism of haztns
survives among- srown men. Nearly ev
ery friendly and benevolent order has it->
rite'of initiation based on ridiculous forma
of cruelty and torture, and middle-aged,
sober business men seem to take the Bamo
dellBht in It as the boys. Our boastea
civilization is not so deep all-
Scratch a man deep enough and you wl.i
find a savage-and^ you dont need to
scratch a boy to find on©.— NEW YORK
"WORLD.
Fine Distinctions.
A good deal is said about the "flna(dis
tinctions" amonsr the words of foreign
language* and the delicate shades of
meaning obtainable by their c° r J ect . 1 u ( fj > -
But the very persons who make tnes«
fine points are advocates of the loosest
use of our own speech and derena a 11
sorts of misuse of words on the ground
that it Is "Justified by custom wnlcla
makes language. These are the People
to whom we are indebted for sucn en
richments of our tongue as "Peopla oZ
both sexes" and "politicians of both par
ties." But the last is not su;h a ranty
as the first.— HARTFORD COURANT.
Advantages of Metric System.
The practical advantages of the metric
system, if not numerous, would certainly
be great. It would simplify the count
less computations of business In two
ways. A- decimal system of weights and
measures, like the decimal system of
coinage, facilitates all calculations in
which fractions are Involved. And the u#ff
of the same standard which prevails tn
countries from which we Import largely
would render it unnecessary to convert
meters Into yards and liters into bushels
or gallons. It must b<» remembered that
at the present time an immense quantity
of merchandise imported rrom Europe Is
bought by one standard and sold by an
other.—NETV YORK TRIBUNE.
More Sailors Wanted.
England, with her superior naval re
sources. Is never above criticism in the
House of Commons, but, compared with
the United States, she ta always in a
state of preparedness. Her difficulty is
In finding sailors to man an establishment
which includes hundreds of war vessels.
In this country there is no lack of men
to serve, but a lack t>f the necessary leg
islation to enlist them. The needs of the
army may be greater for the moment, for
the pacification of the Philippines is press
ing; but in any war which can be con
ceived of the navy would become of the
greater importance. There must be legis
lation for both- establishments before
Congress* adjourns in. March, and liberal
ity would be the truest wisdom.—BAN
GOR NEWS.
Bryan Don't Understand.
No Democrat will be in the least sur
prised to learn that Mr. Cleveland's stir
ring adjuration is wholly unintelligible to
W. J. Bryan. Re-establish the old-time
faith? I do not know what that means,
says Mr. Bryan. Mr. Cleveland must ex
plain. Return from our -wanderings?
How could Bryan be expected to under
stand that? He never saw the old home,
and for the life of him could not tell
where It stands. Nor can the nomadic
adventurer comprehend the reference to
strange symbols on banners borne by un
familiar hands. He never stood beneath
the old flag. Any banner, any symbols
will do for him. if they are changeable
at his will, and the chieftain of a rabble
army recruited on the march is never too
particular about the hands that hold up
the staff.— NEW YORK TIMES.
Naturally Belongs to TJs.
"We have long believed that Cuba, would
logically and Inevitably become a part
and parcel of the United States, as a re
suit of the war with Spain. We also be
lieve that this will be with th« full con
sent of the great majority of the
Cubans themselves. The conservatlva
men of the island must have mado
up their minds that it would Toe a
hazardous undertaking for the Cubans ta
set up an Independent republic, and tv-»
feel sure that all such people, down In
their hearts, prefer tooe a part of a great
country like the United States than to be
independent and without the protection
of our flag. These men know that so Ions
as the stars .and stripes float over Cuba
there will be law and order and guarantee*
of the protection of life and liberty and
property rights. Cuba is naturally a pai t
of the United States, as much bo aa Flor
ida is. and natural laws will assert them-
B elves.-RICHiIOND TIMES.
STATE JOTJRXA^.
Our Manifest I>estiny.
There are many other Oriental countries
besides China whose wants are being ae
veloped by civilization and which we are
In the best position to supply. Our mani
fest destiny" Is taking us across the. Pa
cific Ocean as well as to the Soutn.—
LOUISVILLE COURIER JOURNAL*
Give Cuba a Chance.
TJnif onn Divorce Laws.
The present Congress may be asked to
consider the expediency of un.lorm mar
riage and divorce law*.' The ease or
American divorce Is one or the # natl °£*I
jokes. There la an apportunrty for win
legislation ' In • that dlrectlon.-OHIO
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
SLOT MACHINES PLAYED
BY THE WILY ANCIENTS
Hero, Who Flourished Before Christ, Invented a Device
That Responded Only to Coin.
The century that is now aged less than a day
conies in with all the possibilities that are in agencies
yet untried, though known. From the last one it
takes liquid air; the conservation of solar heat; the
harnessing of the power of the tides. It knows all
about the conservation of force and the transmission
of energy, but must upply that knowledge to forces
not 3 f et utilized. If it solve these problems it m^r
obsolete the steam engine, and antiquate all the de
vices for power that have revolutionized economic
production since 1800.
The centuries have met, saluted and parted. The
old one is history. The new one is hope.
The English language during the last century so
enriched its vocabulary. an^ was so fertilized by the
humus of speech long dead, that the plain people
have to-day a larger vocabulary than students and
scholars could command a hundred years ago. There
fore all vho speak this language think" more than
they did then. Language is but a transportation facil
ity for thought, and with increase in facility comes
enlargement of that which uses it.
Philologists know that the adolescence of races
is marked by the growth of the language they speak.
Rome grew while the I*tin tongue grew. As long
as it assimilated from other languages, absorbed them
end added to its vocabulary and its vigor, the race
that used it grew. And then they died together, not
in a day, nor a century, but they died.
One great fact stands out in the century's record,
and that is the controlling influence of the races'which
speak the English language.
We may fairly take to ourselves the credit .of the
century's great progress in the science of govern':
ment. Our example made men everywhere ea:'gcr to
have a voice in their political destiny, to influence
the measure of taxation they should endure, and con
trol the purpose for which their substance is spent.
The luxuries of a hundred years ago, limited to
the few, ire now 'the comforts freely enjoyed by all.
Since the forehead of man rose above his ears there
lias not been as general diffusion of learning as that
century sa^v. With learning has gone hand in hand
a greater recognition of popular rights. At the cen
tury's beginning the right of the people to some voice
in their government was recognized, practically, only
in this country* and our Government was an experi
ment only thirteen years old. Xow every great
Government except Russia has a parliament through
which the popular will is impressed upon its policies.
The century came in with travel and transporta
tion carried on by horses and cattle and sail ships.
When it went out men traveled and goods were car
ried in fast trains, capable of making a mile a min
ute, and in great steamships that nearly repeat on
the sea the speed of movement on the land.
The nineteenth century was nearly a score of years
old before gas was used for lighting. But it reached
its end in a blaze of electric light, and the watcher*
and the revelers who celebrated its close rode home
in cars lighted and moved by the same agency.
Last night two centuries met at midnight, one to
cease, the other to begin. Since< life, was conscious
of time, countless centuries have met at one point
and second of time, but never has one rolled up iti
scroll as filled with the record of man's progress and
deeds accomplished -.s the nineteenth, and none has
received from its predecessor such a heritage and
held out such exalted promise as the twentieth, oi
our era. The century that ceased so recently that its
pulses are not yet still was peculiarly one devoted to
the application of all the knowledge that man had at
tained before, and to the addition of wisdom and
learning to the heritage of things known, which
it inherited a, hundred years ago. The world we live
in now is so different from that of 1800 that we could
not endure the conditions of that far time.
That cne day is the one that begin as the hand
on the dial moves the smallest fraction past midnight
on the 31st .of December, in. all countries that keep
the Gregorian calendar.
MEETING OF THE CENTURIES.
WHILE it is. true that every day is the begin
ning of a year and of a century, the definite
division and measure of time invests one day
with a certain noble interest. "
. There is, then,, that much of light in Luzon, and
it is a light that promises great things, for when the
children learn our ' language' they will learn , our ideas
and something of our social and political aspirations.
They .wili then seek better conditions of life and
improve in industry and morals... '
me proudly from their little " store of newly acquired
knowledge, and as I ride , away, they always cry out,
"Good-by. colonel." The boys are all our friends. They
play with the soldiers and talk to. them. There is no
use for., Spanish : here any . longer, i Only those who , re
ceived an unusual education can talk and read Spanish!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JA^UAfeY 1, 1901.
i r It v the world "bo divided ; Into land and
water hemispheres,: London Is theconter
of the land. New Zealand of the water. .
6
la removing competent clerks; efficient: deputies
and experienced subordinates, " and substituting^ for
them men who gyre jio indication in their services
that they know any business bjut ahat of deception,
local civil service has fulfilled the prediction of his
Highness the Maydr that i^ would create a revolu
tion in San Francisco. • . :
The revelations of a certain trial recently # held in
one of our local courts indicate, very clearly that
woman as her own defender is a shining example of
everything which is not conducive to a tipping 0.1 the
PERSONAL MENTION.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
DIRECTORY
OF HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH, lawyer.
803 'California at., Clqnle bqfldlng.
COAL, COKE AND Pld IRON.
J C WILSON & CO 80<> ***««? Street.
J-V- ITIlOUil (»Wr Telephone Main 136*.
COPPERSMITH. "
C W. SMITH i£! p P 1 "* 1 *^*. Steamboat and
W« TT« JSJU1 U. Ship Work a specialty. 18 and
13 Washington st Telephone Maia 4641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS ROYFS&Cft Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3- DUlE3ttWU- clay. Tel. Main 12J4.
— OILS. ' "'
LtTBRICATTXQ OILS. LEONARD A ELLIS
; , 413 Front st. S. P. Phone Main 1713.
PAINTS. ~~ o
Cylinder & Lubricating Oils, Schneider's Minim
Candles. C. O. CLINCH & CO.. » Front, S. F.
PRINTING. — —
E. C HFTfiHFS PRINTER,
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKB-JTJDD CO..
Z3 First St.. 6an Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te cffe, ht0 PARTRIDGE' m **£?*
WHITE ASn STEAM COAL. SSF&Jk'
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO., at Its OREFV
RIVER COLLIERIES, Is the B*»t Coal In th-j
market. Offlc* and Yards— <50 Main street
¦ 1 ii
AMUSEMENTS. c ;
Columbia— "The Belle ct New York. s % \'
TivcU-'-Cicderella." *=t
Central Theater— "Tfcf'Hurt of Maryland.:' * %
California— Kdirjird Strauss. " f
OrxheuTi:— Vau-Jfville. ••
Orand Oj*Ta-House— "Nell Gwyn."
Alhambra— ••Phe-.atidoab." •
.Alearar — "Nell Gwynne." - ¦¦¦-,* — »W' •
'"•lj-mriia. earner Mason a.nd Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
KiErher'6— Vaudeville.
Union Coursinc Park — Coursing. c
Metrorwlitan TTnile— Yale Glee and Banjo Clubs. Thursday
January Z. rmore conven'ent to raise a bucket from
a well by drawing downward, as Is the
case where the rope passes over a fixed
pulley above the head,' than by drawing
upward, leaning over the curbing.
From Its portable form, its cheapness
and the facility with which it can be ap
plied th© pulley Is ,one of the most con
venient and most useful of mechanical
powers. ..
Pulley blocks are used very generally,
especially In building operations, where
4. — . — — -I- -
Where there are two pulleys, one mov
able and one stationary, as In. figure 1. tha
relation between the power and the weight
is as 1 to 2, considering, of course, that
the pulley Itself has no weight. A power
of fh-e pounds pulling down on the pulley
rope will balance a welKht of ten pounds.
This 13 easily explained by the fact that
the ¦ tension on the rope Is • uniform
lhroughout andthere are really two ropes,
holding up the weight.* bo that a' tension
of five pounds on each iseqUal tO;* Uftr
ing power of ten. pounds.. ¦.•-¦¦•:'.¦¦:: ¦ -. ¦
ft this principle is carried to figure 2 the
student will notice that there are three
heavy beams, girders or blocks of. stona
have to be raised. On board ship It Is the
favorite mechanical power by which rig
gin?: is raised and cords and ropes are
tightened and goods lifted from or low
ered into the hold.
A movement Is on foot in New Tork to
have the city buy Faunce'a tavern,^ the
sole Revolutionary relic in the downtown .
district. It was -there that "Washington
bade farewell to his officers December 4.
1783, the one hundred and seventeenth an
niversary of which haa just been cele
brated In the historic edifice.. -:.".:.-;
1. A safe weighing 4000 pounds is beinsr
hoisted to the window of an office build
ing by & system of pulleys, each Dlock of
which has four pulleys. What power will
be necessary to hold the safe? (Answer
—500 pounds.)
2.' In a system of triple-block pulleys a
weight of 180 pounds rests on the floor;
the power Is twenty, pounds. Find tha
pressure In pounds of weight on the floor.
(Answer— €0 pounds.
Problems.
ropes holding the weight and that is a
consequence a power of five pounds will
balance a weight of fifteen pound?. Apply.
this principle again to ft sure 3. vhich !¦»
the comme'n form of pulley used' to lift
heavy weights. The student will notice
that there is a four-sheave block at the
top and a three-sheave block at the bot
tom, with the end of the rope fixed from
the top block. The three-sheave block la
movable. A power of five pounds win
with this form of pulley balance a weight
of thirty pounds.
Note — When estimating the number of
connecting ropes, the one being held or
drawn by the power is not considered.
We defy all competitors to compete with
our" prices. To-morrow (Wednesday)
will place on. sale 500 pairs ladles' patent
leather, enameJed. or; box-calf shoes. In all
sizes and widths, standard price S3 50, for
U 65 a pair. One pair to each customer.
No shoes Bold'nfter 6 p. m.< Standard, 1029
Market street, between- Sixth and Sev
enth Btreets. •
Our Challenge Is. Out.
Colonel John P. Irish, \United States
Naval Officer," in ; accordance with his
usual custom presented each of the clerks
in his office with a twelve-pound turkey
with which to celebrate the advent of the
twentieth century.
Irish 1 - Turkey -for New Year.
At noon yesterday the last decree of
divorce of the. century. to be issued out
of the local Superior Court wai granted
Constance Parker frora Herbert Parker
on the ground of desertion. Earlier in
the day Carrie O. Bergr '¦ was granted a
divorce from Edward H..Berjr onthe
ground of desertion, and Mary V. "Woods
was granted a decree from John A. r Woods
on the ground of failure to provide.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Nella Moore de Quadros against Manuel
S. de »«uadros for milure to provide; John
Madoox against Mary Maddox for cruelty,
and Harry L. Speer against Ida L. Speer
for desertion.
Last Divorces of Century.
Thanks to the Public.
As we are now approaching the twen
tieth century and have* succeeded within
four years in establishing the largest fur
niture and "carpet house west of Chicago,
we feel it our duty tc' extend best of
thanks to the kind people of the Pacific
Coast for assisting us in making our store
the greatest in the city. Of course, it
must be admitted that -we have-not ne
glected the kinJness.v Our principle froiu
the start has been fair and honest deal
ing with all. -and this with the new cen
tury we shall continue to do. / Wishing
you 'all a happy. New 'Year, we are.; re
spectfully yours, Pattoslen Co., Sixteenth
and Mission , streets. •
The indicated horsepower of an engine
is the true measure of the work done
within the cylinder and can be accurately
calculated. The things necessary to be
known in order to make the calculations
(a) The diameter of th« cylinder In
"(b) The length of the stroke .In feet,
(c) The average pressure of the steam
on the piston during the full length of the
stroke. ,
• (d) The number of revolutions per
minute.
To calculate the horsepower or an en
gine proceed as follows:
1. Find the area of the piston. . . - •
2. Find the pressure in pounds on the
piston by multiplying the «wrea by the
pressure per square inch. . >£*
3. Find the space In feet traveled by the
piston per minute by multiplying 1 the
length of stroke in feet by. twice the revo
lutions per minute.
4. Find the units of work done by the
engine per minute by multiplying the an
swer to No.- 2 by.the answer to No. 3.
6. Find the horsepower by dividing the
gross • number . of units .'of work (some
times called foot pounds) by 33,000.
Note the -following. exercise:
What" is the horsepower of an engine,
the diameter, of the cylinder being 14
inches, the length of stroke S feet, revolu
tions per aalnute 110 and the average
A unit of work Is the force or labor
required to raise one pound through the
space of one foot.\ A horsepower Is 33,000
units of work performed in one minute. A
horse really performs nothing like this
amount of work; possibly not more than
two-thirds.
.*.— _ ; —^
off. In the accompanying sketch the
angle inside represents the loop, and A B
represent .the two centers and C the
pencil. By moving the two centers you
can make the ellipse any length or width
desired.
XXV—-H0W TO FIGURE HORSE
/ POWER.
Port Collector Stratton announced yes
terday that he had appointed William B.
Hamilton, formerly casnier in the Cus
tom-house, his special deputy in place of
Stanley Jackson, the holdover from the
former administration, and that the va
cancy in the cashiership created by Mr.
Hamilton's promotion would be filled by
Clem. G. Perkins, a- nephew of United
States Senator Perkins. Messrs. Perkins
and Hamilton took the oath of office yes
terday and will enter upon the discharge
of their duties this morning.
The Collector has dismissed from the
force of laborers in the Appraiser's de
partment Warner . M. Horr, John W. Hil
ton, R. A. Harrison and John Heffernan.
and has appointed in their -places A. J.
Santus," R. A. Brown, O. Whipple and
George Cook. The position, of laborer is
not protected by the civil service system,
and appointments are made at the pleas
ure of the Collector. He has also ap
pointed Fred C. lngersoll, Charles H. Fan
cher, H. II. Geary and Henry Padilla on
the emergency list.
Newly Appointed Customs Cashier'
and Special Deputy Enter Upon
Their Duties To-Day.
HAMILTON AND PERKINS
TAKE OATH OP OFFICE
The Garibaldi Guard Mutual Aid Socie
ty gave its annual ball in Garibaldi Hall,
423 Brcadway, last night. A large crowd
enjoyed the festivities. Dancing until day
light was the order of, -the programme.
The Swedish Singing Society gave its
New Year's .festival and ball at Turn
Verein Hall. 323 Turk street, last night.
The early part of th'e evening was given
to the o rendition of a programme in which
the Swedish Quartet, W. Beach, K. Jur
gens. Messrs. Brunell.and Pihlstrom, Miss
M. Schultzberg and Miss I. Llndstrom
participated. Dancing followed.'
Garibaldi Guard Ball.
Swedish Society Bail.
The Golden Gate Park band, under the
direction of A. Spadina, will render the
following programme this afternoon:
Prophet, V March" •• •••• Meyerbeer
Overture, "William Tell".... — Rossini
Selection, "The Serenade".. Herbert
Waltz; "Reclts d'Amour" Waldteufel
Tone. "Pictures of the North and South
BendlX
Overture. "Poet and Peasant" Suppa
Flute solo, Fantasia from "Traviata".... Verdi
Performed by A. Iiombardo.
Descriptive, "A Musician Astray In the For
eB t p ¦ ». Herman
Patrol, "The Blue and Gray" Dalbey
March. "Banda Rbssa" Sorentlno
Music in the Park.
The, employes of the Harbor Commission
some time ago selected the handsome
token of their esteem for Ilerolil, and .ex-
Governor Budd, William D. English, Per
cy Henderson and Fred Raabe took
charge of the presentation. After the in
vited guests had assembled last night ex-
Governor Budd arose and delivered a
glowing tribute to the work and public
career of the Commissioner and tendered
him the token on behalf of the men In the
employ of the commission. Mr. Herold
made a short reply, in which he thanked
his friends for their kind remembrance
and wished them all a happy New Year.
After the presentation refreshments
were served. The entire boai-d of Harbor
Commissioners were present. The orches
tra from the training ship Pensacola fur
nished sweet music.
A handsome silver, water service was
presented to Harbor Commissioner Ru
dolph Herold by the employes of the com
mission last evening. The presentation
mad© t-y ex-Governor Budd at the
ferry building in the presence of about
lilty people. . .'..-v. .;;•;.
Harhor Commissioner Made the
Recipient of a Silver Service
Donated, hu Employes.
HEROLD RECEIVES
HANDSOME PRESENT
reception floor waft given over to the
guests, and immediately upon their ar
rival dancing was inaugurated. At mid
night supper was served, after which
dancing was continued well into the hours
of the first day of the new century-
• Mrs. Jewett's invitation calledfor her
guests to come in costume representing
some fad or fancy of the old year, or
some anticipated fad or fancy of the new
year. This request was followed by all,
and the result was more than : pleasing.
The keynote to the entertainment was
struck in the ! decoration , of the elegant
home. - The great Inventions of 1 the; past
century, the ¦ progress in art and the ad
vancement in civilization were all aptly il
lustrated'by means of books, pictures and
flowers. The many fads that marked the
dying year were not- neglected, andthey
also found representation in . apt and ar
tistic fashion. In , the dining-room most
delightful results were achieved by means
of pictorial : advertisements. . ' Scattered
about - the • rooms :.were phonographs , and
nlckel-in-the-slot machines and other de
vices, that were known to part, the end of
the century, man from his money.;
At 10 o'clock the guests began to arrive.
They were ' received by Mrs. ¦ Jewett; who
was attired to represent a "waitress." , The
lady- decided that one of the fancies of
the past ' year was the - love ..of receiving
Burprisos. .Mrs. Jewett is noted for being
a magnificent dresser." Her simple dress
was a surprise for her guests. «¦ The entire
One hundred merry-makers assembled
by invitation at the home of Mr/ and Mrs.
J. H. Jewett last evening, and *amld the
jollies t surroundings bade farewell to the
old year and Joyously .welcomed the new
century In.
Guests in Character Costumes
Welcome the New Year at
. the Jewett Home,
DANCED MERRILY.:
INTO NEW CENTURY
The watch night service at the Central
M. E. Church was marked by simplicity
tinged with appropriate musical and
electrical grandeur. The service opened
at 9 o'clock with the rendition of the
gloria by the choir, followed by the sac
rament, which was given with the hy
gienic innovation of individual cups.
Susie F. Abbott spoke of the origin of
the watch-night: J. H. McCallum on the
Christian Endeavor and Epworth League;
R V. Watt on "The Sunday School," and
Susie A. Ward on "Our Publishing Inter-
CS a\ 10:15 there was a love feast,' followed
bv a sermon on the coming century^by
Bishop John W. Hamilton, LL.D. The
reverend speaker, after mentioning the
deep significance held by the coming cen
tury and enfolded in the history of the
las went on to speak of the changes
wrought by religion during the past few
J forward into the years to
come," said he. "I see a glorious prospect.
War will be abandoned. It haft already
become an antiquated thing. * It settles
nothing and never did settle, anything.
Since th'e world began the classes have
been ranged against the masses. The his
tory of the 'world, has been a history of
battles. Henceforth it, will, be the co
operation of all the world for one man
and this man for all the world." °
Bishop Hamilton Would See
Nations at Peace During the
; Coming Centuru.
Overture, by orchestra: address of welcome.
Mrs. Hull; fancy dance. Miss Hazel Meyer? ;
hornpipe, Gertrude Maddisan and Olfta Ilanl
lne; comic gone. James Fol«-y; coon special
ties- Pearl Bry*on: violin duet: epeclaUies ;
Miss Elsie Anderson: "Somethinc Funny.
Willie Fleminsr: "Just From Coon Town. J .
B. Johnson; fancy dance. Miss Annlo Burg.
Then' followed the distribution of New
Year's gifts to the children of members.
The affair waa under the direction of Mrs.
D E. Carcass, Mrs. K. Harmon. J. H-
Garralt and G. Terkildson. :¦, _¦:.- ;;'
ABOLITION OF WAR
PRELATE'S DESIRE
fioor manager and Louis J. Smith assist
ant. Thev were aided in the management
of the function by Fred Traueck, J. O.
Chase Jr., James Kerrigan. l>d Uiggins.
John T. Hayes, I^uis P. Mohr, • J. C.
Nolan, J. E. O'Brien, E. Herringer, John
Thompson and H. M. Preece. ; -; ;^^
The members of Union Lodge of the
National Aid Association held their an
nual festival and dance in Foresters Hall
last night. The following programme was
carried out:
GREETINGS TO THE
NEW BORN CENTURY
Continued from Page Four.
jf OHN ill CHRETIEN*. 5 the dls-
I graced convict attorney, was taken
I to San Quentin yesterday after-
QJ} noqn to servo his sentence of four
teen years for forgery. It was at
his own request that tho term begin at
once. '/.¦'•
Chretien on October 2". last made ap
plication, to the Supreme Court through
his attorney, W. 8. Barnes, for a stay of
I proceedings. ' ..V.
Yesterday an application was filed for'
the dismissal of the stay. The- prisoner
in the petition declared that he. was anx-
ious to begin the serving = of his term of
imprisonment without delay. - .Chretien
donpair^d of ever having the Judgment of
the court set aside and figures that the
Hoonrr ho commenced srrving- his sentence
the sooner he would again be a free man.
The clone confinement in the County Jail
Is not to his lfklns and ho concluded lo
waste no more time. •
Chretien was the chief, mover In a con
spiracy to loot the rstat-n of the late Jo
seph Sullivan, and the plot was exposed
by The Call. The conviction of Chretien
quickly followed. »nd cince that time he
has vainly endeavored to contrive some
scheme to evade paying the penalty, for
his crime.
THE CONVICT ATTORNEY WHOSE BOLD CONSPIRACY TO LOOT THE
ESTATE OF THE DEAD JOSEPH SULLIVAN WAS tfULLY EX
POSKD BY : THE CALL.
If one were to arrange In order of merit
the three most popular war dramas of
this decade, "Secret Service" vrould un
doubtedly stand first, '. "Shenandoah"
would come in a fair third and "The
Heart of Maryland a bad second.
This last mentioned ' play was mads
much loss by its own merits than by the
refusal of a Chicago millionaire to pay for
Mrs. Ix^slie Carter's tuition In the dra
matic school of.Mr. David Bolasco. Every
one remembers how, on the witness stand,
that distinguished adapter swore he had
drag:gr>d Mrs. Carter around the room by
the hair in order to make her a great
actress, and hundreds of thousands of
people were anxious to see whether the
results of this process were all that Mr.
Relasco claimed for them. Hence "The
Heart of Maryland." with its overheard
conversation?, etc.. antiquated asides, its
banalities, brutalities and bestialities.
Yet, in spite of these defects and in
spite of: Mrs. Carter, iiie play must havo
pome merits or It could hardly have held
the stage as long as it has. These merits
are a somewhat ingenious plot and a skill
ful use of those mechanical stage device?
that are impressive only when their
sources are unknown. Combine thas?
with pood acting and you have a product
that may charm the collars out of many
pockets. But let us not pretend that any
other object is aimed at or hit.
Scenicaily the production at the Central
The new faces at the Chutes axe Querita
Vincent, coon singer and , dancer; Hal
.Conlett, monologist, and Heuella, female
impersonator and dancer. The holdovers
are Ahem and Patrick, Irish comedians;
Rose Lee Tyler, soprano; new moving pic
tures and the spectacular holiday success,
"Ten Days in Fairyland," by a clever Ju
venile company. .
Chutes.
A large attendance attested last night to
the excellence of the bill at the Olympia.
Mabel Hudson and the Dulcie Sisters were
well received and all the other numbers
got a share of the freely extended ap
plause. -V ¦
Olympia.
Fischer's good programme for the week
with Blanche^ Mallory. Tom Mack, L.ean
dor Brothers, Marie Woods. Arnold
Grazer and Blanche Trelease, Kalcratus,
Charles Stanley and Minnie Woodward as
attractions, drew a crowded house last
evening.
Fischer's Concert House.
Th« farcical comedy, "Naughty An
thony," furnished no end of fun at the
Alcazar Theater last night. The house
was packed and the amusing situations
were thoroughly enjoyed. To-morrow
night "Nell Gwynne," the play that has
caused such a sensation in London and
New York, will be presented, with Flor
ence Roberts in -the title- role.-
Alcazar.
Every seat was occupied at the Tivoli
on the last night of a century. Ferris
Hartman was awfully funny, and his
wicked little jokes about San Rafael hav«
made that village as famous as the town
of Milpitas used to hx*. Between acts the
tin horns in the audience were heard de
manding all kinds of encores.. ¦.: ¦ v :
Tivoli.
Orpheum.
The splendid Christmas programme at
the Orpheum does duty as a new century
greeting, with the addition pf the beauti
ful Hawthorne sisters In their picturesque
hit, which they term a musical concep
tion and which Is entitled "The Willow
Pattern Plate." The Hawthorne sisters in
this selfsame sketch were seen here be
fore, but age has not withered nor cus
tom staled the beautiful conceit. The blo
graph has a series of splendid new views,
which helps to swell the finest vaudeville
show ever offered at the Orpheum.
The war drama is in all its glory at the
Alhambra, where ''Shenandoah" is
filling the body of the house and packing
the galleries. General Sheridan is nightly
ridlng to glory amid the rattle of rlflps
and supposititious boom of muzzle-loading
cannon. Cavalry dash over the Shen
andoah Valley roads; men. begrimed and
gorr, valorously battle and work up a
climatic effect that compels repeated cur
tain calls from a screaming gallery. There
are a few tears also in it and love stories
that are well told by the stage people.
The staging is good and the acting effec
tive. The play will run all the week,
with special matinees to-day and on Sat
urday. .- '
"Shenandoah."
In spite of the new century music on
the streets and the various other attrac
tions of the evening, a fairly large audi
ence greeted the famous Strauss band
last night at the California Theater. An
even more interesting programme tha,r.
that of the preceding evening was given,
and given with all the trrace and eclat for
which the band is so famed. The menu
was heavier than SuncViy's. including tho
Chopin "Marche Funcbre," orchestrated
by the conductor— and. by the way, con
taining a rather trivial interpolated trip
let accompaniment in the beautiful trio.
Grieg's "Anitra's Danre" was given with
exquisite finish and shading. The "Sylvia
Pizzicato" was a dainty piece of work
manship, and Ihe Meyer-Helmund waltz,
"The Mountain Spirit," was played. with
a lace-like delicacy and fineness than
which nothing in its own line could be
more delightful. The "Carmen" arrange
ment, arousing a host c£ memories of the
fascinating gipsy's interpreters of the sea
son, was enthusiastically encored for it-*
clever rendering, and Strauss' "Morning
Journal" waltz, an "Evening Song" of
Reineoke'K, and a Strauss galop ended
the' programme. The same infectious
swing, nicety of phrasing, brilliant attack
and perfect ensemble that distinguished
the first night's performance was again
happily in evidence.
California.
The theater last night was like an ice
box. The management owes it to the pub
lic to introduce heating apparatus at
once. L.. DUPONT SYLE.
Theater Js creditable, as is also much of
the acting. Mr." Lefflngwell makes .a cap
ital villain— so capital that he Is received
nightly with hisses that very properly
amuse him immensely. Miss Darling is
a good emotional actress, judicious in not
tearing the passion co tatters. Mr. Hail
is called upon by the author to represent
The Ideal Man— always a difficult
thing for anybody with>a sense of humor.
How to be an Angel in Uniform and a
Human Being— this is the problem Mr.
Hall is required to solve: he does it with
a combination of manliness and sweetness
that holps to renew one's faith in pour,
fallen human nature. A man who can
forgive David Belasco for writing that
part can forgive anybody anything. Mr.
Charles Arthur (Lieutenant Telfair) i3
a new name to me; he has a pleasant,
manly way with him and bids fair to
develop into an excellent actor.
The most simple and quickest way to
make a perfect ellipse is the string
method. Tie a string so as to make it
endless; use two pins or tacks for centers
and place the loop over both centers and
use the pencil inside the loop and mark
¦-¦-¦"- — ; ; . . . ¦ .-"';%
XXIV— HOW TO MAKE AN
.. . ellipse. - . ";y:^
(1) 93. (2) SO. <3> 59, (4) 105. (5) 60. (6) 56,
(7) 89, (S) 5o. (9) St. U0) 59. (ID $30 32, (12)
$126. (13) $90 76, (14) $55. (15) $51 10. ; .
Answers.
In the following exercises the student
will reckon. the discount (interest) on a
basis of 360 days in a year. ¦¦ V :
11 A. note for £5M fs dated January 3 at
sixty days and is discounted January 12 at
6 per cent: find the discount. • ¦ ¦
12. A note for $7200 is dated September 14
at four months and is discounted October
2 at 6 per cent: find the discount.
13 A note for $3960 i3 dated June 27 at
four months and is discounted July 10 at
1M per cent: find the discount. ¦¦: .
11 A note for $4736 SO is dated May 15 at
ninety days and is discounted May 30 at
5»4 per cent; find the discount. ¦
35. A note for $7923 25 Js dated July .30- at
thirty days and is discounted August 1 at
S per cent; find the discount-
Exercises for Practice.
Xot«— In th« follo^ine exercise the date of
the note is given first, then the time as stated
on the fac« of the note, then the, date upon
which the note is discounted: it Is required to
find the number of days for which discount Is
to be reckoned. Consider February as having
twenty-eight days.
1. March 20: 3 months: March 20.
2. April 4: 3 months: April 18. = „
S. May 23: 2 .months; May 23.
4. June 15; 4 months; July 3.
5. January 10; 3 months;*February 20.
(5. September :i: 60 days; September 26.
7. October 4: 90 days: October 6.
8. May 20; 90 days: June 25.
9. June 30: 60 days: June 30.
10. August 31; 90 days; October 2.
- Having learned how to find the time, we
proceed to find the discount in precisely
the same manner as we find the interest.
The discount is really the Interest on the
face of the note for the time the banker
has to wait.
Note the following illustration:
A note for $12f<0 Is dated August 3 at
three months and is discounted September
5 at 6 per cent. Find the amount of the
discount.
Due November 3.
September 5 to November 3=a3 days.
Counting both days=60 days.
Discounted for sixty days.
We are required then to find" the inter
est on $1200 for sixty days at 6 per cent.
This you have already learned how to do.
The answer is $12. -i,-
Exercises for Practice.
Notes are not always discounted upon
the day they are made. It is to .the Ad
vantage of the holder to discount only
whpn he ne^ds money, and. besides, many
of the bank's discount only upon certain
days of tho week. The time considered Is
always the time from the day of discount
to the day of maturity.
[ 2. Note dated July 10 at sixty days: dis
counted July 18. Find the time for which
discount is reckoned. 'fei.-vi
This note will be due September 8..
July IS to September 8=52 days.
Counting both days=33 days.
Discount will be reckoned for fifty-three
days.
In the first note the even months are
considered in getting the day of maturity;
in the second note the exact days are con
sidered. The first reads months;, the sec
ond reads days. If days of grace are to bo
considered add three additional days.
1. Note dated May 3 at three months;
discounted June 5. Find the time for
which discount is reckoned.
This note will be due August 3.
June 5 to August S=53 days.
Counting both days=60 days.
Discount will be reckoned for sixty days.
Note the following Illustrations:
The student must remember in taking
up thiij lesson that methods of discounting
differ considerably in different cities and
among different banking institutions.
Bankers and note brokers buy notes at a
discount from their face value. This dis
count is really the interest which they
charge for the use of the money which
the>-, lend, for, as a matter of fact, the
money Is lent and the note is held as se
curity. The rate of discount depends upon
the tightness or abundance of money in
the market, as well as upon the financial
standing- of the persons whose names ap
pear as maker* or Indorsers. «
The following general rule for reckoning
time will serve the purpose of thi* lesson.
The student will remember, however, that
this rule is not uniformly adopted by
banking institutions.
In reckoning the time count from the
day of discount to tho day of maturity
and include both days.
Copyright, 1QOO, by Seymour Eaton.
XXIII-HOW TO RECKON DIS
COUNT ON NOTES. ¦
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
Night School Course -— Hovv to Do Things.
Method of Reckoning Discount on
Notes Explained.
pressure of steam per square inch en the
piston 30 pounds?
Let A=area of piston— 154 sauare inches.
P=:pressure per inch=30 pounds.
R=revolutlons per mlnuterrllO.
S=len*th of stroke in f«*ct=2 feet.
Then H. P.=(2XAXPXRXS)-r33,000
=2X1*1X30X110X2.
=O.« H. P.
ss.eon.
XXVI— HOW TO ESTIMATE PTJL
LET POWER.
"When the block In which the pulley
turns ir fixed the .pulley Is said to hs»
fixed. There is no mechanical advantage
pained by a single rope over one or more
fixed pulleys: but this combination la of
the createst use In enahllnr us to ehan?r»
the direction of the. force. Thus It la much
Creditable Production ;pf "The Heart
of Maryland" at i Central
;.- Theater.
POOR PLAY NICELY
STAGED AND ACTED
THE SAN. FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUAKY 1, 1001.
7
JOHN M. CHRETIEN
IS IN SAN QUENTIN
Convicted Attorney Gives Up His Fight
for Liberty and Is Taken to the Pen-"
itehtiary :fo Serve 14 Years. .'¦"¦
c PATTOSIEN'S.
'.;¦••: $6.00
-WILL BUY TEB isEW PATENT BURNER
s ; OIL-HEATER.
P * 6ent en tpproval,
,- jBt city or oountry. to
/M2Dftiik ' b« returnod at our
¦ expense if not satls-
1^^' WB PAY THE
i2® FREIGHT.
l^'^^v 4 . This heater has
fk% ',"•!»{ large Iron base, re-
MLW movable ca.«t top,
fipSSbfil • 1' par.t nickel trini-
fSr5^ J '^r*-~ f uiiiigs. Russian iron
% C J Under, heigbt 31
&**&£&& '"Z^ inches, base spread
¦' Wf sip*""""^wfc. There are other
" O (M heaters, but no oth-
'«!S «r beaters are eold
with a guarantee
llk« cure.
$0.00. send for catalorae.
PATTOSIEN'S
*CRNTTURE EXPOSITION BUILDING,
f ; fijxteerth sad Miasioa Streets
AMUSEMENTS.
Frecia! Satinet To-Day. NEW YEAR - S DAY.
Reserved tests. 2Ec; baicony, 10c; opera
chain: choice Metis, EOc. :
SAN FRANCISCO CAPTURED!
THE TALK OF THE ENTIRE COUNTRY.
E.VDORSF.& BY PRESS AND PUBLIC.
THE GREAT
UnPHEUM I SECOND AND
* "-ill FINAL WEEK.
SPECIAL MATINEE
SHOW. I — TO "* Y I
..'".' E%*ERY7HING NETV. : -. .
Ar.d In eddltlcn the worlfl-renowned
SISTERS (t^la ar.4 Nelll«) HAWTHORNE.
•WlLLtAUf CAHILL DAVIS and THE
¦> . BtOCHAPH. ¦¦ ¦ '
EXTRA NEW YEAR'S MATINEE sr.4 EAT-
K^DAY at I r- m, SHARP. EVENINGS AT S.
THE MAKVELOfS HOLIDAY SHOU'.
By /...FERRIS HARTMAN.
be st;ke axd bring thk children.
Si Oscar L. Fest« Fine TRANSFORMATION.
The Flowery Kingdom.
POPULAR PRICES .15 aad 60 cents..
Telephone — Bush •- ' •
BEIASCO A*a THALCSjfefitfg.
i* uHSxarrtiAu
-.: Phore South 533.
last t nights-Last t nights. •
MATINEE TO-MORROW— NEW" YEAR'S .
DAY!
To-r.ight and Every Evening— Sat. Matinee,
THE GREATEST SUCCESS IN YEARS.
Davifl Belase3"s Faracus Military Romance.
™e HEART OF MARYLAND
THE BEST nv ALL BIG PL\YS!
SEE THE GREAT BELFRY PCENE!
<MiiC!i;£pfr.t ard Realistic Scenery. Excitinr
Clims-xes. arrusir.g the greatest enthusiasm.
rpffCC n%-*rs— V«c, Ibc, 25c. Sic. 60c.
ICIWL3 Mat'nees— 10e. 15c. !5c. No hirtw.
o -Secure Seats at Box Office of Theater.
NVxt Monday— "WOS AN AND WINE."
y ULUIVSsSl A LEADS53 THEATRE
r A GREAT BIG HIT!
HQLIIJAY MATINEE TO-DAY.
: Mat!ne*» nt Specially Reduced Price*. ¦
: MR. GEORGE W.LEDERER Pre5*-nts His
Famous Casino .Tlieater. New York <^itj% and
Shaftetbarj' Tbeatcr, London, Success. . .. /
THE BELLE
OF NEW YORK;
THE MOST FAMOUS COMIC OPERA IN THE
WORLD. . " .
NTXT MONDAY, JANUARY 7. -. ¦'/
"WAV DOWN EAST."
• •¦•. A!.'. DiH«slJ''U»'f....Prcpri<'tor and Manager.
. ¦ . • ; •. .. Phcae^South 7TQ. .. - '
MATTNEE TO-PAyTIcEW YEAR'S DAY..
EVERrEVF.NIXd THIS WEEK.
JACOB LrrTS MaKnlHeeiit Revival ol
SHENANDOAH!
2OO— PEOPLE ON THE PTAGE-2OO
5O-HORSES^5f>
25— VETERAN ARTILLERYMEN-25
FROM CUBA AND THE PHILIPPINES.
Words of Praise From GEN. MILES: "The
Verr Best Play I Have Ev*r Been."
I5VHNING....... ........15c, 25c, STic, 60c and 75c
MATINEE ........ISc :5c. C'c and SOc
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON.
Special Enfra*r*>mor.t of RICHARD GOLDEN..
: in 'OLD JED rROCTV."
Yheatre^A>
NEVV YEAR MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT. Farewell to
NAUGHTY ANTHONY.
BEGINNING TO-MORROW NIGHT, e
. Special Encasement of
FLORENCE ROBERTS
IN THE ADVENTURES OF
NELL qWYNN
Hem Scenery. Painted From HiEtorlcsd Re-
' ¦ . ¦ ' Bearches. .. - ¦ ' :. ¦• • ¦ .
I FEATS FIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
RACING I RACING I RACING I
1SW-WINTER MEETING-ISOL
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC^ 21 TO JAN. IS. INCLTJSrVE. .
'. i ¦ OAKLAND RACETRACK.
TUcinz Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
'day, Friday and Baturday. Rain or shine. ¦
Flv* or more rac*s each- day. ' ¦'.'.¦¦.¦ ¦
j-.ic t etart at 2:13 D. m. sharp- ¦
Ferry-boats I»*'ve Ran Francisco at 13 m. and
-2 -30 1. 1:80, 2. 2:30 and a p. m.. connectlnif
with trains storplns at the entrance to the
track. Lart two cars on train reserved for
ladtre and their «*corts: no smoking. Buy your
f«-rv ticket* to Shell Mot»n<l. All trains via
Oajciand mole connect with Ban Pablo avenue
eplctric cars at Seventh and Broadway.- Oak-
land Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Ban Pablo avenue care at Fourteenth
and Umadway. .Oakland. These electric cars
co direct to the track In fifteen minute*.
Returning — Trains Jeave the track at 4:J5 and
4«5 r ra. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. n. MILROY. Secretary.
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY, January 1st, 1901
SPECIAL HOLIDAY EVENT!
64-HARE-CHASERS-64 '
TRAIN SERVICE.
'Leaves Third and Townsend streets. 10:15
a. tn., 11 a. m. and 1 p. m. Returning at
4 4' p. tn, tnS after the last courre. San
Mateo Electric Can every dx minutes.
Admission 25c. Ladies Free.
* -IV-y WBBtBBSaSBk
ADyEETISEMENTS.
BY
INSISTING
WHEN YOU BUY
That the selvedge shall be
perforated every five yards
;
• . • •• • •••• •»••#•• • •••
• •• •«. «• • ••• ••••
• •*••• •• ••« •••» *¦• • • • •
• • •••••• ••• •••; • •..• •- •
........ • ••• •••••«.
• •••••• • • ••*••• •••••
None Genuine Without It.
All First-Glass Dress Goods Houses Sell It
fl A I A OF These hotels pos-
rALAlJL scss the attributes
j that tourists and
Qnfj travelers appreciate
""" — central location,
H R A N 11 liberal manage-
UriHIlU ment, modern ap-
yftypi ft pointments a n «i
HUltLOl P crfe^ cuisine.
1 American and Eu-
Safl FranCfSCO. ropean plans.
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
• Proi-en territory, on lln« of railroad, for
eale. Splendid chanc© for those about to
fcrm an oil company. NETV'TON, CAR-
MEN L. SOMES (S. C. MASON, agent).
101 Chronicle bldg-.. Ban Francisco. ...'• '•'••
" ;. AMUSEMENTS. ' :-..; ";
.: ; j THIS WEEK OSZ.T.
"Incomparable, is Strauea."— Call.
"The night was a positive euccets."— A«hton
Stevens, Examiner.
"The waltzes and polkas, with all their more
or less tricky effects, might have made the
audience dance, if the floor had been cleared."
— Chronicle. *
Special Matinee to-day CCew Tear's day) aad
Saturday. 1 : <.'
EDUF%RD STRAUSS
Court Ball Musical Director to His Majesty
the Emperor of Austro-Hungary and
His Famous VIENNA ORCHESTRA.
CHANGE OF PROGRAMME NIGHTLY.
Commencing Sunday afternoon, "HUMAN
HEARTS." That delightful Idyll of the Ar-
kar.saw hills.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
CROWDED ALL THE TIME.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
The Greatest Success In the City.
— OLIVER-LEHLIE COMPANY
ALL THIS WEEK.
Marie Doran's Romantic Play,
Received last night with enthusiasm by a
crowded house.
tEvenlnp Prices— 10c. 15c, 25e, 60c
A Few Front Rows in Orchestra, 75c.
Good reserved seat in orchestra at all mati-
nees. 23c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
CHUTES_AND ZOO
NEW CENTURY ATTRACTIONS.
j QUERITA~yiNCENT,
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE COMEDIENNE,
TEN BAYS IN FAIRYLAND
. JUVENILE SPECTACULAR
BOSE XTJ TYLER, HAL CONLETT.
AHERN AND PATBICK, . •
KENNELLA.
NEW YEAR'S PRESENT TO EVERY CHILD
TELEPHONE FOR SEATS, 7»ARK 23.
MR. AND MRS. GBORG
HENSCHEL
IN SIX GRAND RECITALS
AT METROPOLITAN TEMPLE-
February 6th, "th. 9th, 11th, 13th, 14th.
Sale of Season Tickets Begins
Next Monday Morning
AT SHERMAN, CLAY &. CO.'S,
EUTTER AND KEARNY STS.
Season Tickets Transferable.
PRICES-f ».<*>, $7.OO*and $."t.OO.
FISCHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE.
riDUnUn O -Admission. IOs.
Marie D. Woods, Kalcratus, Blanche SAllory,
Stanley and Woodward, the L»and6r Brothers,
Tom Mack. The Grazers and Others.
Reserved SeaU 25c' Special Matinee New Years
Keep Your
Blaciikets
ad soft as new, by A
¦washing them in fj
GOLD DUSTS
Washing Powder [
9 . an
A great "two-step -by Eduard
Strauss, the waltz king, will
be given free . -with next Sun-
day's Call. This is a gem— do
not fail to get it: BgjNew York Stock Market.
SHV TOKK, Dec 21.— The- year closed on tb%
EASTERN MARKETS.
liKht northerly w!nds.
Ran FranciBcn and vicinity— Fair Tuesday,
booming cloudy by night: light northerly
changing to fresh southeast wlnfls.
t ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Fx>reca»t Offlc:aJ.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperatore,
¦tir, minimum, -40; mean, <."..
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
*.• ' . FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the Pa
cific Coaet, * north cf Caf>e Mendoclno and ha*
ri*en rapidly over Southern California, Arizona
and Utah. ! area of hljrh pressure extends
fromr Wyoming, southeast to Texa*
It Isf Ei:«riitl)' cooler, over the entire countrv
ue«t t of. the Rocky Mour.lains and in general
low temperatures i.-rwai] over the entire coun
try west o£ the Mississippi.
Haetbound travelers are warned to expect
vtry oold weather ia Colorado. Utah. Arizona
Xew M'xlco, Texas and eastward to the Mle
sl^ifpi.
c Light rain hai fallen at Xeah Bay. Other-
V!te there ba» been no precipitation on the Pa.
o'flc Slope.
The deficiency In rainfall at San Francisco
lo* December. 1300, Is J.6« inches. In Southern
California the month has been the dryest on
r«-cord, only a trace being at Los Angeles
vhile no rain fell at San DIeso.
Forecast m«de st Sao Francisco for thirty
hounr ending midnight. January 1. 1901:
Xorthern California— Fair Tuesday, becoming
cloudy al r.lfihf. continues cold weather; fresh
northeast -winiJe: hea\-j- frost In the morning.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday, with light
frosts in the morning; heavy Jn the Interior;
Kureka 0.00 ».17 27.43
P.ed BJufT 0.00 8.71 | 10.72
Fnerarnento t'.OO 8.04 j 10.01
htr. Francisco ...... O.O0 7.22 10.86
Kresno ...: ;.. COO 6.43 } 4.81
Zr,6ex>er.ar-nc*! 0.00 2.27 J.7S
hen Luis Otlspo 0.00 8.J2 10.27
Lo« Angeles ..J..... O.OO 6.7J 3.40
£an Diego 0.00 1.7J 1 »3
! Last I This La«t
STATIONS. 24 Huurs ( Season. Season.
70c; raw, 6So; cases. 5c more; Lucol. tSc per
gallon for boiled and S7c for raw; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 7:)c; cases, .oc:
China Xut. 5t>t?66c per gallon: pure Xeatsfoot
Oil, barrels. «5c; cases. 70c: Sperm, pure. 63c:
Whale Oil, natural white. a7'itf*42Hc per gallor«
Fish Oil. barrels, "»c: caso. 4Oe.
COAL OIL. GASOLINE AXD -EEXZIXE—
Water White- Cos.! Oil. in bulk. Wic: Pearl OH.
oases, 18'ic; Astral, txu'.c; Star, lS^c: Extra
Star. 22>ic: F.lalne, CHV-c; Kec«-ne. 2OHc; D»
fwlorlzcd Stove Gasoline.* In hulk. U l ~c: caaos.
2T-»o; nrnslne, bulk. 13iie: cases. l» l ic; S«-de
gree Ga«oltr». -bulk. 20c: cases, 26c per gallon.
TURI'KXTtXK— Sl<? per gallon in cases and
I"? In drtims or Iron barr»l9.
HED AND WHITE LEAl^-Hed Lead. 7Vi' 1 f
7%c ner lb: White Lead. 7«7*ic, according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— #7 30© «S :0 per flask for lo
cal use and $43 for export.
SUGAR— Th" Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 1^0-lb bags:
Crushed. S.15c: Powdered. 5.73c: Candy Gran
ulated, 5.73c: Dry Granulated, 5.63c; Confer
ttoners' A, 5.C3c; Masrnolla A. 5.E3: Extra C.
5.15c; Golden C, 5.03c; barrol.x, l^c more; halr
tarrels, 2Sc more: boxes. 50c more: 50-tb bags.
10c irore. Xo orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-bar
rels. {UiV; boxes. 6.63c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordlrary si-es. $l&?ri7; extra sizes, higher: Red
wood. $17©:S for No. 1 an1 $13tn<5 for Xo. 2:
Lath. 4 feet, $3 30f4; Pickets. $18; ShtnKles.
$1 75 for common and $2 73 for fancy; Shakes.
$11 for upllt and «2 for sawn; Rustic. $20®:a.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MOXDAT *31.
Flour, qr sks S.5! Tny. tens 471
P.ar!ey. ctls 27.r 'Iddlings. «ks ... v+
Oat.i. ctls 1" -father, rolls ... 179
Feans. ctls 1.25; uickMlver. risks lft»
Corn. East. ctls.. 2..^' brandy, gals .... 75>>
Potatoes, sits .... 12SC V.'lne. gals 67,000
Onions, skfl 1.6?f.l Pelts. lv!!s W
Fran. *ks 175 KMw. Xo 13-"
Shrsr-.s. sks ~\ Sugar. ct!a &0
Straw, tons 7 Tallow, ctls 20t
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 23.1C8 Onicr.3. sks 92
Oats, ctls .• 330 Pran. sks 8.160
Potatoes, sks 2.730 Wocl. bales I
The Stock ar.d Bond Exchange was not la
session yesterday.
The OH Exchange did its usual good busi
ness, the leading stock being San Joaiuln.
which advanced from $10 62V- to $12 23. Mont«
Cristo was slightly off.
The fallowing dividends will be paid to
morrow: The Honokaa Sugar Company. 30
cents per share, or $30/<00; the Oceanic Steam
ship Company, Id centa per share, or $12,500;
the San Francisco Gas and Electric Company.
53 centa p»r share, or $-13,434.
Ir.t»r?st on the following local bonds la now
payable: - ¦
California Street Cab!» Is $22,-o0
Contra Costa Water Is 50,000
Lcs Angeles Lighting *.s 30.000
Market Street Cable <s 90.C0C
Nevada Co. X. G. Ky 7s 8.730
Xorthern Ky. Cal. 6s 13-I.SSO
X. P. Coast P.y. 5s 22.700
Oakland Transit Co. Cs 42,000
Oakland Water Co J7.500
Oceanic Steamship 'Co. 3s H.2M
Park and Ocean Ry. 6s 7,500
Park and C. H. Ry. Cs 10,500
S. P. of Arizona Ry. 6s SOO.COO
Total $S07.3Sa
Also the quarterly interest on the United
States 4 per cent bonlj of 19C7. amounting to
$3,255,676.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
400 California Standard 87
lOOO Lion .• 20
2C0O Monarch «1
300 Mor.arch 83
500 Monarch 6S
2D<» Reed «5
IC00 Kecd W
1400 Reed M
13 Oil City 88 00
53 San Joaquin 10 60
50 San Joaquin 10 87*4
200 San Joaquln 11 00
60 San Joaiuin 1112*4
200 Occidental <3
1.7) Sterling 2 73
20O Junction M
4'X» Monte Criato "35
153 Monte Crtsto JM
00 Monte Crino J 25
100 Queen E •**
IDt Qu»n E 50
200 Wolverine 14*
1C0 West Shore JW
Afternoon Session.
Board— .
200 Home * 23
400 Heed *»
S4O0 Heed es
500 San Joaquin 11 60
100 San Joaquin 11 73
ZO San Joaquin 12 O
ZOO San Jcariuln .13 25
,l?00 Independence 21
'r~>?> Four 59
510 Four 5S
30 Oil City : 3« 00
:o> Sterling 2 75
4'X) Sterling 2 80
i:0 Sterling * •*
700 Lion 20
lW Lion 19
100 Junction w
500 Callfornla-Ptandard 3«
400 California-Standard ."- 37
50 Monte Cristo - S 2>
100 Monarch •»
10O Caribou K
TOv> Queen E »
500 Petroleum 2*
100O Montana 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Dec. 31—2:30 p. ra.
STOCK. I Bid. | Aak r
California Standard 38 87
Caribou •- 53 S3
Kour ••- 57 —
Jlrroe * n —
Independence 2n a
Kern River 16*') 17 DO
I.ion Oil Company ! 19 23
Monarch oi Arizona I .j 73
Junction [ #* —
Mor.t«» Crtsto I 2 30 2 40
P.eed Crude I «S «7
Rex J « -
San Jcaquln O. & D. Co I 12 25 12 SO
Sterling O. & D. Co I . 2 90 3 00
Twenty-eight ] 2 40 ; ¦ —
Westlake 22 —
Weatshore ! !*' 3 75
Wolverine I 143 ISO
MIXING STOCKS.
- Tie following wers the sale* In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
2C<» Best & I>lch»r T.'J 7P0 Con Cal & Va..l 73
10O Caledonia 4C • GOrt Gould A Curry S3
300 Challenge 17 1 1?00 Mexican 33
2*X> Challenge :*¦ 200 Ophlr 69
530 Con Cal & Va..l 65i 30O Savage 14
Afternoon Session.
200 Eest & Belcher 26 [ 1C0 Overman 03
300 Con Cal & Va..l 70 200 Sierra Nevada. 14
100 Crown Point... 11 ! ion Bllver Hill SO
300 Gould & Curry 331 ICO Silver Hill 49
200 Mexican ST | 100 Yellow Jacket.. 45
100 Ophlr 72;
The following were the sales la the Pxcl"c
Etcck Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher Ill 500 Mexican 3S
2C0 Challenge Con.. 17 1 200 Mexican M
3nn Chollar 13 ( 3C0 Ophlr 67
1200 Con Cal & Va..l 65; 600 Ophir «jj
530 Con Cal & V.I S7'i' SCO Ophlr fl>
35d Con Cal & Va..l 70 3W» Ophlr 73
1000 Crown Point... 10 C \> Silver Hill 60
21C0 Mexican 3t 200 1,'nlon Con 23
Afternoon Session.
SCO Best & Belcher 26! 250 Ophlr 7j
200 Chollar 14 ? 500 Overman 08
2C0 Con Cal Sc V.I THil 500 Potoal 14
900 Crown Point... 11 j 200 Sierra Xevada. 23
200 Mexican 36 1 50 Union Con 23
300 Mexican 37! 3C0 Union Coa 23
CLOSIXG QUOTATIONS.
MOXDAY. Dec. 31—4 p. m,
i Bi.1.Ask. f BJd.Ask.
Alpha 03 0» Justice 01 03
Alta 05 C* Kentuck n w
Ancles 0* W Ledy Wash _ 03
Belcher 10 « Mexican 37 33
Best & Belcher 23 27 Occidental C2 03
Bullion 02 04 Orhlr 71 73
Caledonia 49 51 Overman cs 09
Chollar : 13 IS Potosi 13 14
Challenge Con.. 15 li .Savage m 13
Confidence ..... CO 53 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 70 1 75 Sep Belcher .... 01 C2
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Xevada. 24 23
Con Xew York. 01 — Silver Kill « ji
Eureka Con ... — 35'St Louis C8 _
Crown Point 10 1*. Standard 3 S3 4 00
Exchequer — C2 Syndicate 11
Gould & Curry 32 34 Union Con XI *»
Hale & Norc... IS IDUtah 04 03
Julia 01 C3| Yellow Jacket.. 14 15
Th« Giant Powder Co.. Cbn.. has declared
dividend Xo. 23 of 75 cents per sha£9.
Copper has done nothing startling, variations
remaining within the range of three-quarters
of a cent. Opening at 16V6c, : there were salea
as low aa 16V*c, ¦ and the close was at the top
at 17c Trade ha« been active and - domectle
production pushed. One authority places the
Tin bounded upward from 25Vic at the opening
to 35c in July, and then gradually lost all the
gain. But during the last week there was a
recovery to-27V4c. ¦ ' ¦¦
Manufactured articles have moved along
similar llnea. Quotations of Iron and steel
products at the beginning of the year were lit
tle below, the level prevailing thirteen years
ago. and the fall was almost uninterrupted un
til October, when the average was but G3.68 per
cent of that prevailing January 1. 1SS7.
It & difficult to Belect one branch of this
Industry cb being pushed harder than another.'
Railway supplies of all kinds have, sold very
freely and the market is flooded with urgent
orders for freight cars. Structural material,
particularly for brldgen and ships, has been In
much better demand than eupply. Steel rails
were reduced from lRst year's price of $35 to
I2«. but it was an open secret that the former
figure had only been nominal. for. months prior
to the official change of September. | Contracts
for 1,200,000 tons deliverable during' 1301 have
been placed at $26, and numerous export orders
also suggest the probability: that the list win
be maintained. ¦.'.&3$& l £<t : QSH'*mF!<gc£
Business conditions were satisfactory, how
ever, and demand expanded while exports of
finished products grew heavy when prices
reached a level that made competition possible
with brand producers. In two months ending
December 1 furnace stocks of piglron decreased
118,315 tons, and the tone was bo much Im
proved that many Idle furnaces resumed.
Conditions of iron and steel during 1900 were
much, more 6ound than In the preceding year,'
when speculation wasjrife and prices inflated
far beyond the bounds of reason! Statistics
of the weekly capacity of furnaces In blast show
that the highest point on record was -reached
February 1, while there was little diminution
during the next few months. But with the
collapse of speculation during the spring and
realization of the fact that operations had been
overdone there came a steady. reduction in out
put. Frcm 296 furnaces in blast on February
1 there followed a^continual shutting down
until but twenty-one were In operation on No
vember 1 and the weekly production decreased
82,710 tons. Even at this rapid rate of de
clining output stocks accumulated with start
ling rapidity, and on October 1 the top was
reached at C'0,631 tons. : V' :
NEW YORK. Dec. 31. —pun's review. In its
summary reviewing the business of the year
Just elbsed, will say regarding the leading
maikets: '¦'l'^<''i~:< : -'.}P- "..¦'
NEW YORK, Dec. 51.— Speculation was Blug
glsh. in, the ,: cotton ;' market ; to-day " and _ at no
time! was there, an attempt made to*stlmulate
It - by \ Investment buying. : .The ' market : closed
steady, with prices net 4 points higher. ¦ .„•
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 81.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday, . December ' 29, as • cqmplled by the
New York Produce ¦ Exchange Is as follows: '
Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat ......:.... 61.40O.0OO ' G4.000
Corn ......; ; 8,054,000 1,430,000 .......
Oats 9,333,000 , 30,000 :......
Rye 1.262.CC0 ' : • 6.000
Barley 2,662.000 ....... 1S7.000
Visible Grain Supply.
1 NEW. YORK,' Dec. 31.— So tar as business was
concerned, the local metal market was practi
cally at a standstill to-day. ¦ Traders., were on
hand only to receive the cable advices from
London, which were on th» whole very unsatis
factory to friends of the. market. Iron In Eng
land scored about the lowest prices for nearly
two years, touching 60s at Glasgow and 43s Gd
at Middlesboro. Tin was £10 lower at £123 6s.
owing to a lack of speculative interest and
clceed weak. Copper advanced 2s 6d. Lead
and epelter were unchanged. As to local
prices there was no actual basis of operations;
being nominal In all cases. Tin was quoted at
$2« 00«?27 20; lead. $4 37H: spelter. $4 12^«M 17%.
Copper,. $17 for Lake ' Superior" and $16 62',4 for
canting. Piglron warrants, $9 50@10 CO.
New York Metal Market.
SHEKP— Receipts, M00; 10c higher; active;
good to .choice wethers. $3 85<Tj4 60; fair to
choice mixed, $3 60©3 P0; Western sheep, $3 80®
4 CO; Texas sheep, 32 E0@3 60: natlye lambs,
J4 23<Sj5 CO; Western lambs, $5@5 60.
HOGS-^Iteceipts to-day, 22,000; - to-morrow,
30,000; left over, 1S22: market 10c higher; top,
$5 05; mixed and butchers, $4 75@5 02VJ; good
to choice heavy, H 85!&5 05; rough heavy. $4 70@
4 SO; light. $4 75S5; bulk of sales; $1 90tff5. .
CHICAGO, Dee. 31.— CATTLE— Receipto. 12,
500; market 10@15c higher; good to prime steers;
$5 4006. 10:'" poor to medium, $3 75Q5 30: • stock
ers and feeders, $2 WQA S5; rows. . $2 6004 '30;
heifers, S2 60(& I CO; canners, $1 85@2 10; bulls,
$2 C0Q5 B0; calves, J-JyO &0; Texas fed steers,
$4 10{j>4 90; Texas grays cteers, $3 55@4 10; bulls,
?2 r.0(H3 30. - ¦ - '-.--. .
Chicago. Livestock Market.
Charters.
The W. O. Irwin loads merchandise for Hon
olulu, . . ¦ ¦
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Teb. Mar. May.
Opening 6 IVi 6 1%
Closing «1% 8i%
PARIS. J
Wheat— Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening H S 20 70
Closing • 13 35 -20 73
Flour—
Opening 25 3."> 26 «5
Closing 25 15 26 65
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet -and flrm; Xo. 3 spring wheat.
C4«72%c: Xo. 2 red. 74@77%c: Xo. 2 corn. 36Vfcc:
No 2 yellow, M -,.«•; Xo. 2 oats. 22<?223V4c; Xo. 2
white. 25V4026c; Xo. 3 white, 23%®:Cc; Xo. 2
rye 52c; fair to choice malting barley, 53{?ti0c:
Xo.' 1 (lax seed. $1 53; Xo. 1 Northwestern. $1 56;
me?spork, per barrel, $11 50@ll 62%: lard, per
100 pounds, $5 90<Sfl 92H; short ribs sides (loose),
$6 40®C 70; dry salted shoulders (boxed), a'\<{i
6HC; short clear Fides (boxed), $6 80@G 9);
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, con
tract grade. $10 25@lO 35.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 45.000 38.0*)
Wheat, bushels ,. 132.009 3,000
Corn, bushels 320,003 TD.OM
Oats, bushels C96,0tt) 201.000
Rye, bunhels 4.000 2.WW
Barley, bushels 31.000 21.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dull. Creamery, 15S23e: Dairy, 13
(520c. Cheese, dull, 10V4@ll%c. Eggs, flrm;
fresh, 23c.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat Xo. 2—
December 72% 74% 72% 74%
January 73- 74% 72tt 74%
May 76% 78 .75% 77%
Corn Xo. 2 —
December 35% 36% 36V4 26tt
January 3&i 36% 36% 36%
May S6% 37ft 36% 37H
December ".. 2 7. 22% 22* 22% 22H
January 22 22% 22 22%
May 24»i 24V4 24V'» 24'.i
Mess Pork, per barrel-
January 12 50 12 CO 12 42^4 12 5714
May 12 65 12 85 12 C2H 12 75
Lard, per 100 pounds-
December 6 95 6 03 6 90 6 94
January 6 93 7 00 6 K7H 6 90
May... 7 10 7 12V4 7 02ft 7 07*
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— -
Januarv ..6 50 rt 52V4 6 45 6 aO
May..". 6 62^ 6 65 - 6 57>4 . 6 G2-H
45.c6o.00O bushels, and that of an inferior grade,
for export. The sentiment in the pit was bull
ish to a degree which nct-ded but little to set
It aflame. /On the report of a visible decrease
of 63,000 bushels, the demand became even more
presolng than before. Shorts and those who
load taken profits earlier added to the clamor
from the commission houses, and In steady
leaps May nacended to 78c. Offerings became
weighty again, but the prices held sturdily and
May clDeed stronic. 2%@2%c higher, at 77%c.
Corn was only moderately active early and
responded but slowly to the wheat strength.
There was a fair shipping demand. May closed
Uc higher at 37®37i,4c,
Oats were moderately active and flrm, in
sympathy with wheat. May closed M<3Mo up
at 24!ic.
Provisions were moderately active and flrm
on light hog receipts and in sympathy with
wheat. The advance was made at the opening
and thereafter prices merely held, the closing
being steady. January pork closed 25c over
Saturday, lard unchanged and ribs 7V»c better.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
CHICAGO. Dec. 31.— There was heavy pres
sure from buyers on the wheat market at the
start. May opened wild, %@%c to l@l^c
higher at 73'/4©76Uc. Despite heavy proflt-tak
lng by longs during the first hour, the price
held remarkably steady. May dropping only to
75%c. The opening strength was based on an
advance, at Liverpool equal to l*4c here, on
moderate Northwest receipts and a reiteration
of the report that Argentina would have but
The following- are the reasons! rainfalls to
<!ate a* compared with those of the eame date
last season, ar.d rainfall in la« twenty-Tour
Lcura;. !-*. r V :
FAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 31. Ii00-S p. m
ri20th Merldian-Parlfic T me.)
Weather Report.
LUMIJEK — Shipments of Lumber for Decem
ber were 2.174.000 ft. against 2.542/>00 ft for De
cember, 1S2S. Sinr? January 1 these fhip
mentg compare as follows: For 1900— 25 £4' 009
it, against 22,011.000 ft for 1S93.
SALMON— Exports of Salmon for December
¦were 14S.7CS <-s. i'M pkics, against 139.0SS cs, S243
jikgs for December. 1«?. Since January 1 these
Fhlj;mer.ts e^rr.pare an fellows: For -1S00— S0S.205
cj>, 15.743 pkes, against •¦•,.<¦;•', cs. 32,146 pkgs
during 1>!*.
QUICKSILVER— Exports ot Quicksilver dur
ing the month of Ijeceinber were 711 fla«k«.
valued at 127, 74S. against 4",1 flasks, valued at
j:i.C22, during December, 1S33. Since January 1
thrse shipments compare as follows: For lfroO—
72SS flasks, valu«"l at tC37.0tt\- for 1S&S — 10,075
fisekf, valued at $401,104.
WINE— Shipments of Wine by sea from this
port during December were 406,711 sals, 601
cases, vaJued at ?I25,546. against 158.6S1 gala,
<if> casee. valued at $C4.C«00. during December,
1SS3. Since January these ehlptnents com
pare as follows: For 1»»— B.SOO.Cl gals, SIC
cases, va.!ue<l at f l,€r.6,119; for 1SSJ— 3,124,631
pal*. 7oe» cases, valued at fl.l£&.S65.
FLOUR— The Flour exports from San Fran
cisco during December were llfc.O bbls. valued
fit J3C5.31S. against 100, 3S4 bbls lor December.
1SSS. For the first six months o' the cereal
year these Ehipments amounted to 4S5.973 bbls.
valued et tl.576,546, against 433.J48 bbls, valued
at Jl. 420,575, during the eame period In 1S3S.
BAKLEY — Exports of Barley from this port
for the month cf JV-cen-.ber amounted to S4.
7:5 ells. vaJued at S41.V24. apainst 2&O.GC0 ctls,
valued at 276.7S7, for December. UM. Since
January 1 these exports amounted to 2.503. S31
els. valued at t2.S44.5Cfi. against 3.135.9a ctls.
valued at $3.ri«.2r>6. for 1S39.
WHEAT— Experts of Wheat from this port
during the month of December were 8CS.G57
c -E. \alued at J-J22.39S. against J1DS.217 cits for
December. ISS9. For the first six months of
the cereal year, commencing July 1, these
ehlpmentB compare as follows: Per 1S00— 3.12S.-
C32 ctls, valued' .at $3,273,23i; for 1£S»— L94S,SS1
ctls. valued at f;.CS4.Ci<l.
Experts of Suples in igoo.
"New Khadrawl dates are lower at 3 :^c.
• nd fia.iT similarly reduced at 2%c. Hallowi are
ftlll held at 3'^c. Nuts generally fhow declines.
1'razUs are quoted as low as l?*c and lO^c. Al
mond* ar* lower fc-r most sorts. French wal
nuts are offered at Sc."
••Curr&Ets are about He lower. Good cleaning
cur.'ity are quoted at 10c for Pir.all lots, but &'»c
probably would buy a round lot.
"There were rumors on Monday of sales of a
r.umber of can of 2-crown ar.d 3-crown Califor
nia raisins at lower prices than have been re
ported heretofore. These reports could net be
confirmed, however. Offerings of inferior goods
tl'at have been rejected were reported at 5%c
e&d €c for 2-crown and 3-crown, respectively,
er.d it is understood bids 1 ic under these quota
tions were made for the goods. It was not
learned that the negotiations came to anything.
Loose ralsir.s are very "weak, but It would be
difficult probably to buy good fruit under 6c
lcr round lot* cf 3-crown.
Mail advices from New York say
Loral bank clearings In. December were ??3.
470.700. against $«7.22S.122 for December, 1S39.
F<-r the year 1?00 they were $1.02S.tS2.325, aguinst
SjCi.O15,C72 in 18:<S. Last year was the first In
¦which our local clearings ran over nine figures,
hence it Is to be inferred that the business of
the port list year was the largest ever known.
Nuts and Raisins in Nezv York.
Bank Clearings in ipoo.
Co!r.a»re at the local Mint for the month of
rvecernber was ss . follows: Double eagles.
HL7n.CN; half eaxles. ICSjOOO: standard dollars.
Jl. 040.000. Total. I'j.ZiT,, {.'.«<. against $6.n7.O<H) for
December. 1S99. Since January 1 the coinag?
amounted to S57.4-;t".634. being less than the
coinage In ISC'J. which amounted to $60,109.
825. ' ..- ¦¦-.:;. "
Local (Min: Coinage
Call saies on the Produce Exchange in De
ctmber were 53,200 tens wheat ar.d f>?00 tens
barley, making total sales for the first 6lx
n:pr.ths of the current crop year of £70,300 tons
v.heat and Si'.iOO tons fcarley. ...--. ;
Produce Exchange Sales.
Receipts cf customs duties at this port for
the past month cmousied to $5S1.C39, again*!
JC4 7C0 for December. 1899. Since January 1
these duties amounted to $7.6S3.2£5, against
J6.S12.312 for ISM.
Loci I Custom; 'Duties.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
36.400 Atchlson 47%
20,653 Atchlson prefd S3
10.2W Baltimore & Ohio 83?i
Canadian Pacific 92
4.300 Canada Southern 67^
17,9i» Chesapeake & Ohio 42> t
2.9M Chicago Great Western ISTi
33,1-00 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 142%
-1.200 Chicago Indiana joiis & Louis T5
300 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pfd. 62
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 92^ j
300 Chicago & Northwestern 171V4
15,000 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 120T4
4.100 C C C & St Louis 73Vi
Colorado Southern 754
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 4.1
200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16*4
7,510 Delaware & Hudson 13114
1.200 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.l93H
2,700 Denver & Rio Grande 32%
2.30O Denver & Rio Grande prerd Klhi.
78.600 Erie 2<5»i
8,400 Erie 1st prefd 62%
LCOO Great Northern prefd 183V4
3.3O0 Hocking Coal 17
1.800 Hocking Valley 42"4
3.000 Illinois Central Ul^
10.00J Iowa Central 26'4
5,000 Iowa Ce.ntral piefd 504:
200 Lake Erie &. Western ...„ 46
Lake Erie & Western prefd ..112
Lake Shore 840
17.700 Louisville & Nashville &$%
VZ,'J<*) Manhattan L 115^4
8.4 f *t Metropolitan Street Railway 19ST4
3,4i0 Mexican Central I61>i
1,700 Minneapolis A St Louis 70
i CiO Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 1O2V4
12.300 Missouri Pacific 71V
1.500 Mobile & Ohio 47%
4.D00 Missouri Kansas & Texas 1014
20,8-10 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 43^4
500 New Jersey Central 146%
13.C00 New York Central 144%
7.C00 Norfolk & Western 43
Norrorlk & Western prefd 82*4
80,600 Northern Pacific 81%
8,410 Northern Pacific prefd 87»^
27.000 Ontario & Western 31%,
Oregon Railway & Navigation it
1 . .. Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd. 76
61,000 Pennsylvania 14ST«
13,000 Reading 25
43,000 Reading ltt prefd 7114
19.000 Reading 2d prefd 38%
Rio Grande Western 65',*
....... Rio Grande Western prefd 86
3,600 St Louis & San Francisco 23*4
St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. 77
4,200 St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. C3 T /4
2.6O0 St Louis Southwestern 18
S.100 8t Louis Southwestern prefd 447£
S2.1W St Paul »14C%.
200 Et Paul prefd 187
M.500 St Paul & Omaha 124.
50.700 Southern Pacific 43T4
26.709 Southern Railway 21%
3.900 Southern Railway prefd tt*A
22.70D Texa* &. Pacific 2CH
143,900 Union Pacific 834
24.600 Union Pacific prefd 81%
600 Wabash 12%
4.900 Wabash prefd 25%
S.fioo Wheeling & Lake Erie I2t£
1.200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 29%
201 Wisconsin Central ..- 163
100 Third Avenue .118
l,2<y> Baltimore & Ohio..... 85%
8.SS3 National Tube C9%
400 National Tube- prefd 10514
Express Companies —
100 Adams 14$
........ American .188 ¦
United States 56
Wells Fargo, ex dlv ;.138
Miscellaneous —
COO American Cotton Oil 31^
....... American Cotton Oil prefd..... 90
100 American Malting 5
£00 American Malting prefd....... 25
€.200 American Smelting & Ref '.... 54%
200 American Smelting & Ref prefd 96^*
....... American Sptrtts ;. 2
....... American Spirits prefd...; 17
2,200 American Steel Hoop.....* 22
100 American Steel Hoop prefd.. ' 7714
17.700 American Steel & Wire.. ..46
1.400 American Steel & Wire prefd Kgi,:
2,200 American Tin Plate 66%
400 American Tin Plate prefd..... gju
11,400 American Tobacco 113
American Tobacco prefd .....135
2.700 Anaconda Mining Co......... 4a
54.300 Brooklyn Rapid Transit Kj'/i
2.2O0 Colorado Fuel & Iron........ 54^
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock Exchange with the buying power of the
market maintained, as is evident from the vol
ume of the day's business. In a number of
important etocks the net changes for the day
are impressive. The full strength of the mar
ket was not maintained to the close and prices
showed a tendency to slip back during the
latter part of the day, in spite of the sustain
ing force of extraordinary strength In a few
stocks, fiut the closing day of the year and
the century was nevertheless signalized by the
highest prices for the year or for all past
time In not a few stocks. The most conspicu
ous of these was Pennsylvania, which opened
with an upward rush under a congestion of
buying orders which called for no less than
10.00U shares to be immediately purchased at
the opening. This carried the price up to
149«i. The price got back to the high point
at^iin after the opening rush, but did not
hold and closed nearly a point lower. St. Paul
crept up perilously near to Pennsylvania's
level, selling at one time only % below th«
great trunk line stock. The absorption of
Northern Pacific was very heavy, the pried
rising at the opening 3% over Saturday under
a competing rush of orders to buy at the mar
ket. Later In the day thf-re was a recru
descence of strength in the Erie stocks under
the influence of the semi-official announce
ment of the terms of the bond Issue for financ
ing the purchase of the Pennsylvania Coal
Company. The first preferred stock was rush
ed up to 634. which was 5Vi over Saturday.
The prices of all three of the stocks mentioned
were high above all previous records. The
same was true of other stocks in the railroad
list, but the general movement otherwise was
to a large extent In sympathy with the move
ment in this group. This specialized strength
also served as a sustaining force for a vary
larce amount of profit-taking as has constant
ly been the case recently. After the manner in
which London's weakness was Ignored on
Saturday the apprehensions of trouble there
to-day were not looked to for much effect here.
But the unexpectedly favorable aspect of af
fairs there did serve as a fill-up to the market
and London buying here was a factor of
strength, although there was sufficient selling
for that account in other stocks to leave the
buying on balance only small. The strength
of the sterling exchange market In face of
London buying here was very significant. Com
mercial bills of exchange against both cotton
and grain are reported rather scarce, and it Is
asserted that there is some demand for ex
change for remittance of annual obligations to
London. But that special demand for sterling
fa probably to be explained by the lending of
New York money in London. The exigencies
of the London market and the abundance of
funds in New York in spite of all the extra
ordinary demand, point to such a process. The
year closed with a 6 per cent call lain rate.
r.nly momentarily maintained. It ran off after
ward to 3 r*r cent and lower. This was partly
due to the fact that many loans last Friday
were made to carry over until Wednesday.
There was some diminution from the buying
in bonds and prices declined In some portions
of the list, while advancing at others. To
tal sa]*>5. J4.375.000.
The notable r-lapse In the prices of Govern
ment bor.ds Is a significant reminder that the
price premium commanded by the process of
refunding Into the new 2s is no longer payable
by the Government, the refunding operations
ceasing to-dav.
United States old 4s declined 2%; Ss, 1%;
coupon. Vi; do registered, IVi : 2s. %, and the
new 4s, U rer cent on the last call.
Receipts cf Dressed Turkeys were 154 cases,
exclusive ' of a, few cases of Eastern, and
brought high prices.
-Three cars of Eastern came In and sales were
made at $5©5 £0 for Hens and young Roosters.
$4 50 for old Roosters and old Ducks. $4 for
Fryers $6 50 for young Ducks. $2 23 for Geese,
$1 25 for Pigeons and 13c for live Turkeys. ¦
Receipts of . Game were 150 sks and sold off
well at firm prices, the New Year's demand
"POULTRY— Live Turkeys. J2@13c for Gob
blers ' and 13(S14c for Hens :¦ Dressed Turkeys.
16«?20c; Goese. per pair. 51 73@2; Goslings. $1 75
fl">- Ducks, $384 for old and ¦ $4 50(35 50 for
yoiins; Hens. $3 50(715; You ns Roosters, $4 50©6;
Old Roosters. $3 50«S?4 60; Fryers. $4«?4 50; Broil
ers $4{H ">0 for large end S3 5O@3 73 for small;
Pigeons. *1 per dozen for old and $2@~2 25 for
S< GA^n5— Quail. $1 60; ' Mallard. $3(fr4; Canvas
back, ?3#4: Spric. *2 23#M 50; Teal, • $1 50;
Widgeon, $101 E0; Small Duck. 75c@$l; Black
Jack, $liQl 60; Gray Geese. $3; White Geese,
tlffll 23; Brant. $1 R0 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers. S4 50: English Snipe. $1 75©2; Jnck
Snipe, $1 23; Hare, $1 23®1 CO; Rabbits. $1 23®
Poultry and Game.
Onions are fairly staady, but Potatoes con
tinue easy. Fcur cars of Merced Sweets sold
at the quotations. Southern Vegetables were
generally lower. ;
POTATOES— River Red*. 70i3S3c; Burbanks,
33S45C for River and 90c#$l 20 per ctl for Sa
linas and 60g90c for Oregon: Sweets, BCQ-COc
for Rivers and 73090c for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 50®2 per ctl; Cut Onions, $1
©1 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES-Green Teas. 4JJ8c per lb;
String Beans. 6S 10c; Cabbage. 90c; Tomatoes.
Los Angeles. Slf?2 per crate; Egg Plant, Los
Anselep, 10«?12c per lb: Green Peppers. Lou
Angeles Sffec per lb; Dried Peppers. 9#llc;
Dried Okra, -10® 15c per lb; Carrots. 25@33c per
box 1 Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 30 per dozen;
Summer -Squash. $150 per box; Garlic. 4®3c
per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $KJI12 per ton;
Mushrooms, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
¦SEEDS? — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Muetard, nominal:- Flax. $2 30<??2 75;; Canary.
3V«c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 7%<x9'/2C; Rape, 2',i83c; Hemp, 4@l',ic;
Timothy, 451-lHc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $25f2 50; Green. $2 70
@3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
BEANS— naycp, $2 50©2 73: Small White.
$4 50*74 65; Large White. $3 65@3 SO; Pink, $2 10
ff!2 15; Red, $2 73J?3: Blackeye, $3; Llmas. $3 50
<j?5 63; Pea. $4 255/4 50;- Red Kidney, $3 75@4 per
ctl. ¦
Bean dealers are talking of another advance
In whites immediately after the 1st, but there
was no change yesterday. The market rules
very flrm. however. There Is nothing doing
In Seeds.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay and Feedstuffs remain as previously
quoted, all rleserlptlor.3 being In ample supply.
BRAN— %Hfi\o r#r ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50019 50 ner ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. J16(ffl7 per
ton: Oilcake Men! at the mill. $i5@26 : Jobblnc.
526 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17(f?lS: Corn Menl, $25**
26 50: Cracked Corn, $2G30Q27; Mixed Feed,
$15<filC.
HAY — Volunteer, $5iJ8; Wheat. $Hfil3 50:
Wheat and Oat. $10«T12 30: Oat. 19312: Clover,
nominnl; Alfalfa, SS@9 50: Barley, $7 50<g9 50
STRAW— 35@47!ic per, bale. %' : \
Hay and Fccdstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25®
3 DO, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, S3 lS-ftS 25:
Oregon, ?2 75©2 85 per barrel for family and
$2 7503 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', $2 73
@3. '¦ '
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. S3 per ICO lbs; Rye Flour, ?2 75; Rye
Meal, 1 $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 SO; Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny, $3 50*73 73: Buckwheat Flour, $4(^4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50: Farina, $4 50: Whole
"Wheat Flour, $3 23: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6®
7 15; in sacks, ¦ $5 73® 7: Pearl Barley, $3; Split
Peas, $3; Green Peas, $3 50 per 1C0 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CORN— The market continues very dull and
quotations are largely nominal. Receipts from
the East are larger apain. Yellow. $1 12V4'51 13:
White, $11G@112}4; Eastern mixed, $1 12',, per
Ctl.
RYE— 85@S7Hc per ctl. The market continues
neglected.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 73@2 per ctl.
White. $1 30$il 50: Surprise, nominal; Red,
$1 25® 1 40 for Feed and $1330145 for. Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed, $115^120; for
Seed; $1 "ofjl 30 per ctl.
OATS— There was no business yesterday, for
the reason given under the head of Barley. The
market rules flrm. however, with light stocks.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
Second Session — Xo sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Feed, 75c for choice bright. 72Hc for No. 1
and 67H@"0c for off grades: Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 77^igS2Vic; Chevalier, nominal.
BARLEY— In expectation of the usual fire
works and pandemonium of the closing day of
the year there were no camples shown on the
Produce Exchange. But owing probably to the
lively Wheat market the usual festivities were
omitted. The market consequently showed no
change, and no sales were reported.
Regular Morning Session— May— 32.000 ctls,
S106V4; 16,000, $106?; 4000, $106%; 14,000, $105-%.
December, 1901-2CCO. $111; 2000, ?1 10%; 2000.
$1 10%; 12.000. $110T4-
Afternoon Serslon— May— 2000 ctls. $1 06%. De
cember. 19C1-20CO, JHOTi.
Second Session — May— S0OO ctls, $1 05%
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 44.0CO
ctls, $1 06; 2000, $1 05%. December, 1901—4000,
$1 10%; 4000. $1 10%: 4CC0.. $1 10%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
At Chicago there was more disposition to buy.
though thero was considerable realizing. There
was also fair outside buying. Wall street pur
chared freely. It was announced that some
Minneapolis mills might close down on account
of high freights, bat in view of the good de
mand for Flour this was considered a bluff on
the part of the mills. The report gave the
market a little setback, however.
The San Francisco market advanced, both on
and off call and was very flrm.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, SS%c(8»: milling, $102^4
@1 05 per ctl.
Liverpool was stronger and Chicago reported
a big speculative demand at an advance. New
York rose 2%c, the sharpest rise for some time.
The American visible supply decreased 64.000
bushels. The world's shipments for the week
Included 73,000 bushels from the Argentine and
15,000 from Australia, both Email. All mar
kets renorted active speculation.
WHEAT — The century closed with an unex
pectedly higher and stiff market. . ,
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are unchanged and
quiet at 3Ss, usual options. The chartered
wheat fleet In port has a registered tonnage of
63,900, against 27,400 tons on the same date last
year; disengaged, S630 tons, against 2118; on the
way to this port, 10S.470 tons, against 201,700.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86U
Sterling Cables — 4 87»i
New York Exchange, sight — 12&
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Sll\-er, per ounce — 63%
Mexican Dollars, nominal MVi ® 51
Exchange and. Bullion.
The market for evaporated apples ruled in
nctlve but steady In tone at unchanged prices.
State common was quoted 4@5c; prime, t%@
6V«c; choice, BVi^ia: fancy, 6Q8c.
California dried fruits quiet. Prunes, 3%@
Ztee; as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, llpHc; Moorpark, 15316c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@2Oc; unpeeled, 6<g9c.
.t. ¦ . ' <^
DRIED FRUITS.
)*— 1 . _^ : — . -.£
; NEW YORK, Dec. 31.— FLOUR.— Receipts.
2J.094 bbls.; exports. 14.098 bbls.; stronger.
Winter patents. '$3 70^3 95; winter straights/
$3 C0(fi3 CO; Minnesota patents. $3®3 30; Minne
sota bakers, $303 25; winter, low grades, $2 45®
2 CO.
WHEAT— Receipts, 19J.3CO; exports, 39,731.
Spot, strong; No. 2 red, 83H f. o. b. afloat; No.
2 red, S2c elevator: No. 1, Northern Duluth.
S"Hc; No. 1 hard Duluth,: 91%c f. o. b. afloat.
Options had a strong opening on a big demand
from shorts, higher cables and foreign buying.
Subsequent unloading by big longs and selling
fe»r short promoted a decided raactlon, which In
turn was followed in the last hour by a second
violent upturn based on covering, active outside
support and the visible supply decreased.
Closed strong, 2%©3c advanced. January. 7S%g>
81%c, closed SlVic; March, Sl%SS3&c, closed
83V 4 c; May SltfGS3ttc, c i oged 83%c .
HOPS-Steady.
HIDES— Steady. ..
WOOL— Dull. -
SUGAC— Raw, dull but steady; fair refining,
3 7 ,ic; Centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar,
"%c; refined, dull.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio. dull: No. 7 Invoice, 7c;
n.lld. dull: Cordova, 9%S13',ie.
BUTTER— Receipts. $5 57; firm: Creamery. 17
<J?25c: June creamery, 17<g23c; factory, ll%©16c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6585. Firm; Western, aver
age packing at mark, 21g24c; Western, loss off,
26c.
Nezv York Grain, and Produce}
Wheat closes the century higJier and very strong.
Other cereals quiet, as usual on the last day of the year.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Hay and Fccdstuffs unchanged.
Dealers predict a further advance in Beans. . ,
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about as before.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry in.
Dressed Turkeys in moderate receipt and high.
Game sold off zvcll at steady quotations.
No further change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Orange auction to be resumed to-morrow.
Oranges and Lemons plentiful; Limes in light supply and firm.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins neglected and nominal.
Provisions dull at the old prices.
Hides quiet and weaker. Wool and Hops unchanged.
Meat market shows no variation.
San Francisco bank eleanngs touch the billion dollar mark.
Increased customs collections in ipoo.
NEW YORK. Dec. 25.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram, says:
The markets here were all disorganized again
to-day on account of the West Australian
mining failures and the consequences of- them.
There were three more failures to-day and
others are virtually certain to come at the
next settlement, since the bulk of the trouble
occurred after this settlement had all been
arranged. The American department was the
chief feature all day. It was buoyant from the
start to the finish, mainly on over-night ad
vices from America and large buying orders
which New York sent early In the morning.
The English public is slill standing aloof re
garding the market as being In the hands of
manipulators ¦who may pull out the pegs at
any moment. Berlin was a buyer of Penn
sylvania shares. Gold tc the amount of £40.000
was taken for Paris and £3O.C0O for India.
Money was In strong dtmnnd for the «-nd of
the year, but rates were unaltered. Hills went
to 4Vi on a. rumor that the Bank of England
was refusing at less than 5 for terms longer
than January 15.
CLOSING.
Atchlson, 4SH: Canadian Pacific, 94%; Union
Pacific preferred. 86V>: Xorthern Pacific, fO%:
Grnnd Trunk. 7%; Anaconda. 10. Bar sliver,
steady, 23 9-16d per ounce. Money, 4 per cent.
The Stock Exchange here and the Continental
bourses will be closed Tuesday, January 1.
WASHINGTON, Dec. St -To-day's statement
cf the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
divlrion of redemption, Rhows: Available cash
balance, 5U4.141.471; gold, $95,3S7,6h8.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 31.— Money on call, flrm,
at 45JS per cent; last loan, 4% per cent: ruling,
5\4 i>er cent; prime mercantile paper, 4%ijf3Vi
per cent. Sterling exchange, strong, with ac
tual business in bankers' bills at $4 85V&&4 S5%
for demand and $4 SU;<g4 $1% for sixty days;
posted rates. $¦! 82 1 /i and $4 S6'4; commercial
bills. $4 M%ffi4 81Vi. Silver certificates. 64Vi'tf
C5c: bar sliver. 63T4c; Mexican dollars. 50c
Government bends, weak; State bonds, inac
tive; railroad bends. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
r,349,G00 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
US 2s ref reg 106 |N Y Cent lsts 109%
Do coup.. 106H N J Cent gen 6s...i:9!a
Do Ss reg ex int.109^ Northern Pac 3s... 71U
Do 3s coup 110 Do 4s 105%
Do new 4s reg.... 138 N Y C & St L 4s.. 107*4
Do new 4s coup. .138 N & W con 4s 100
Do old 4s ret' 114 Or Nav lsts llOVa
Do old 4s coup. ..115 Do 4s 104>»
P° 5s reg 113 Or Short Line 6s. .129
Do 6s coup 113 Do con 5s 118};
Dls of Col 3.65s.... 125 Reading Gen 4s.... 96
Atchlson gen 4s. ...102% R G W lsts 101
Do adj 4s SS*i St L & I M con 6e.H4
Canada Sou 2ds....lO9'4 S L & S F gen 6s..l29U
Ches &. Ohio 4V4s..lO4'i St Paul com 185%
Do 5s 12014 St P C & P lsts. ..117%
C & N Con 7s 139M, Do Cs 12214
Do S F Deb 5s. ..123 Southern Pac 4s... S3%
Chic Term 4s 95 Southern Ry 5s....ll4V4
Colorado Sou 4s 84%|Stand R & T 6s 70
D & R G 4s IO214 Tex & Pac lsts....H5>i
Erie Gen 4s. 86 ) Do 2ds 90
F W & D C lsts... 80»4| Union Pac 4s 107%"
General Elec 5s. ...160 "Wabash lsts ;...117>4
Iowa Cent lsts 116 I Do 2ds ...1C8U
L & N Uni 4s 1C2 West Shore 4s.. .i...ll<H;
M K & T 2ds 77U Wis Cent lsts SR>*
Do 4s SS^IVa Centuries....:.. SG
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con. 20 Little Chief 15
Alice , 45 Ontario 6 75
Breece 2 00 Ophlr 63
Brunswick Con IS Phoenix 10
Comstock Tunnel.. 0-J Potosi 10
Con Cal & Va 1 50 Savage 12
Dead wood Terra... 5f Sierra Nevada 20
Horn Silver 1 10 Smnll Hopes ..' 60
Iron Sllvvr..... 66,Standard 3 25
Leadville Con.. 06 f
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ,Unlcn Land 3
Call loans 4HS5 West End 93
Time loans 4rtjo Bonds-
Stocks— Atchlson 4s 101H
Atch Ton & S F.. 4SU|N E G & Coke 4s.. 7OVj
Amer Sagar 145% Mining Shares—
Do prefd 117 Adventure 10%
Bell Tele 154 AUouez Mng Co.... 3}i
Boston Elev 160 Amal Copper 94
Boston & Maine. ..195 Atlantic 28
Chi Bur & Q 142»i Boston & Mont.... 325
Dominion Coal .... 39 iButte Sc Boston 83%
Do prefd 1C8 Calumet & Hecla..S30
Federal Steel 66% 'Centennial 21
Do prefd 7~ 1 .?' Franklin 16
Fitchburg prefd. ...139V»'Humboldt 50
Gen Electric 1 W.i Osceola 73H
Do prefd 156 il'arrot 50
Ed Elec III 245 IQulncy 170
Mexican Cent 16V4I Tamarack 335
Old Colony 203 jutah Mining 33'4
Old Dominion 31 8 » Wlnona 6\i
Rubber 2SH j Wolverines 48
Union Pac 80^1
New York Money Market.
6.400 Continental Tobacco : ,. 39 :
¦ 300 Contineutal Tobacco prefd.. 92%
12,000 Federal Steel ....;...;. -"v 66%.
200 Federal Steel prefd: 77^
600 General Electric .' .....131-',
SCO Glucose Sugar S2
•••••-• Glucose Supar prefd 95 .
2,200 International Paper .25-
J.700 International Paper prefd... 73'A
200 LacJede Gas ..........; 74
3,<00 National Blmilt ........;."!.." 37U
. 1.0C0 National Biscuit prefd...... 91
100 National Lead 19J4
-. 3.500 National Lead prefd 01^4
... National Steel ...; «Vit
SCO National Steer prefd 92'i
6,200 New York Air Drake..... .ICo'
North American ..» 21
Pacific Coast v 69V4
Pacific Coast 1st prfed ¦. ;. 89'
• Pacific Coast 2d prefd 67
100 Pacific Mail 43
13,350 People's Gas . 1C5
300 Pressed Steel Car '.'.' ;"""" - M i£
, 200 Pressed Steel Car prefd 82>S
1.S18 Pullman Palace Car 2C1
, 1W Standard Rope & Twine 6U
119,500 Sugar 14CU
SCO Sugar prefd ........,!!!!."!in'
6.f00 Tennessee Coal & Iron 64
6,000 United States Leather 14Vi
i'^2 H nlted Stat «s leather prefd.. 7SH
6,000 United States Rubber 28%
2,100 United States Rubber prefd.-. 79
500 Western Union ; 84%
1,200 Republic Iron & Steel 16%
600 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 64
•;••- P C C & St Louie ES
«.4,220 Amalgamated Copper •. 84
SUMMARY OF* THE MARKETS.
. Total wheat shipments for December were
2,103,713 bushels. Total wheat shipments from
Portland for the year to all ports (flour In
cluded) were 13,S88,3S7 bushels.
From Puget Sound points, total shipments
were 10,299,216 bushels.
• OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec. SI.— WHEAT— Firm, In
sympathy with other markets. Walla Walla,
55 1 ,4@J6c; blue stem. f>Rc ¦
¦ Cleared— Ship Andret.i, with 101, 8S2 bushels
wheat; ship C. H. Watjen, with 103.S13 bushels
wheat; both for Queenstown; French bark
General Melllriet, for Algoa Bay, with 62,769
TACOMA. Dec. 31.— WHEAT— Better demand
and prices Vi<sJ\c higher; blue stem, 57V4c;
club, ojc. :
.WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Dec. 31.— Clearings, $126,228;
balances. $36,349.
Portland's Business.
WHEAT-Spct, firm; No. 1 California, 6a 3d:
Xo. 2 red Western winter, 6s ll^d; No. 1
Northern spring. Us 2\d. Futures, steady:
February. Cs l&d; Marc-b. 6s l'fcd: May. 6s 2Hd.
CORN — Spot, firm: American mixed, new, 4s
Id; do, old. 4s 2d. Futures, firm; March, 3s
Wd; May, 3s 9d. .
CLOSING.
LONDON, Dec. 31.— Consols. 97%; . silver,
29 9-16d; French rentes. lOlf. "Wheat cargoes
on .passage, sellers asking an advance of 3d;
cargoes N6. 1 Standard California, 30s 3d; car
goes. "Walla Walla. IOs 3d: English country
market3, quiet; import3 Into United Kingdom,
wheat, 266,000; Imports into United Kingdom,
Hour. 219,000.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 3J.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, . 6s 3dffCs 3V4d; wheat In
Paris, firm; flour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, firm; weather in England,
unsettled. . • •.
Foreign Markets.
Lead, fell from $4 70 at the start to $3 75 and
recovered to $4 37. where It haa been maintained
by the smelting companies for many months.
The 'year 1900 opened with;, favorable condi
tions prevailing In nearly every branch of the
dry goods trafle. The home trade was go6d
for. the first three months, and then fell away
until 'by June the market had lapsed tnto pro
nounced dullness, and from a steady upward
courre In prices began gradually to decline
again. The arrest of buying was remarkable.
The cloBinu year of the century was a re
markablo one for farmers and planters, notwith
standing the. fact that some sections harvested
smaller crops than preceding years. While
the South produced less cbtton than' In two
previous -record-breaking Beasons, prices' were
the hlshest.ln ten years.: ami the net profits
made on plantations were enormous. Spring
wheat States lost much grain, but Kansas and
other larce winter wheat growers made bit?
crops, nnd the average price was hleh. In
fact cereals were all abnormally advanced.
But there occurred an actual loss In exports
so that Russian parts were able to procure much
for. foreign trade that had belonged to American
producers. •. •
American made in advance of any other coun
try. ..-.:. :•-.,, . ..- ... ¦ ¦• •¦ c
OILS*— California Castor Oil, In cases. Xo. 1.
75c: rurc. $1 30;Lln«ed Oil. In barrel*, boiled.
LEATIIER-Sole, heary. SS<e33c per lb; Sole
Leather, mcdltm. 2«S30c: Sole Leather, light
•Oiff^c: Rough Lather, heavy. 27ip23c; Rough
leather, light. 25fiMc; Harness Leather, heavy.
S2'fi'3Sc: Ilamcs I^eather. medium. 30®37c; Har
ness Leather. 11-rht. 20^15c: Collar Leather. lig>
16c per foot: Kip. vnflnl«hed. 40«50c per lb:
Veal, finished, 5W55?: Calf, finished. 75c^$l 2*"':
Sides. . finished. 16tf 17r per foot; Belt Knife
Split!". MfM6c; Rough Split*. S^lOc per lb.
- TANBARK— Ground. $25i{?2S per ton; Stick.
$13*120 p^r cord.
Guatemala and Mexican — Y-lfHf.c for prime to
fancy washed: ll%*?12»ic for strictly good
washed; — «?10Hc for good washed: 0%ftVHic for
fair washed; 9t?9Hc for medium ; 6%@S»ic for
Inferior to ordinary: \2fifUe for good to prime
washed peaberry; llff? UVic nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry: . lOCflO^jc nominal
for good to eurerlor unwashed.
Nicaragua — lSf?l£c nominal for prime to fancy
washed: lWni^c nominal for fa!; lo ftrictly
good washed; syifTlft^c nominal for good to su
perior unwashed: ll$UHc nominal for good
to prime unwashed peab«rry.
Salvador— lliJlSc for good to prime washe'd
10©10%c for fair washed; ll©12Hc for good to
prime washed peaberry: NVU*?HHc for good to
prime semi-washed; — ©lOijc for superior un
washed: 10@10Uc for good green unwashed; 11
©ll'.ic for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
708^*0 for common to ordinary.
COFFEE — Costa Rica. — 13014c for prime
washed; lKgl-'ic for good washed; 12f?13c for
good to prime washed peaberry; ll@ll=ic for
good to prime j.eaberry; llfflllc for good to
r>rime; lOtftloaic for good ¦ current mixed with
black t>ans; OVsGWic for fair; liQSYtc for com
mon to ordinary. ,
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, 3c;
cases, 3Hc: cases, extra large, 4e; cases. Imi
tation Eastern. 5c; BoneU'ss. 4!ic: Norway.
Strips, 4^c; Narrow Gauge. 4*;c; Silver King.
6c; Blocks Oriental, 4*ic; Seabright, 5c: Tab
lets, 6c; Middles. Golden State, 5^c: Middle*.
White Seal, 7c; 5-lb boxes fancy Boneless, 8Vic:
Desiccated, per dozen. 73c; Pickled Cod. bar
rels, each. $6 50; Pickled Cod. half-barrels,
each, $3 75.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 124c per lb;
Sisal Mzes and bale ropes. 9c; Duplex, 8c.
Terms, 60 days of IVi per cent cash discount.
COAL— WellinR ton, S3 per ton; South/field Wel
lington. $9: Seattle. $7; Bryant. {7; Cocs Bay.
jr. 50; Wallseml. J8; Co-operative Wallsend. $3;
Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Cannel, $10
per ton; Coke, $15 per ton. in bulk and $13 In
sacks: Reeky Mountain descriptions. Js 45 per
2<X'O lbs and W 50 per ton, according to brand.
CANNED FRUIT— Extras in 2%-lb tins are
quoted as follows: Apricots, ?1 50; Cherries, $2
for black and $2 for Iloyal Anne; Grapes, $135;
Peaches. $1C3<&173; I'ears. $1 Si; Plums, $135®
140: Quinces, $165: Strawberries, $175.
BAGS— San Quentln Bass. $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July, 6%c; Wool Bags,
tS^O&utt; Flepce Twine. 7'ic: Fruit Bags>. S'.j®
t*ic for white and SVi^S^ic for bleached Jute.
, : PORK — Live Hcgp, a^ic for email and 5Hc for
medium and 5 l /4fi54f,c for large: stock Hogs and
feeders, S$5%c: drfssed Hogs, TU^SHc
General Merchandise.
There has been no change In Hogs for some
weeks, as the "demand and supply about bal
ance. Beer. Mutton and Veal are still In light
stock and flrm.
BEEF — 7if?Sc for Steers and C@7c per lb for
Cows.
VKAL— Larce. S@Dc; small. 9f«10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9«0'ic; Ewes, S's^c per
pound.
LAMB— 10<3lCic per lb.
Fall clip— San Joaquin. G^'JSc: do lambs. S1J
9c: Middle County. OgflOo: Northern Mountain,
free, lWllc: Southern Mountain, 7»i§SHc;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, HQ12c per lb.
HOPS-12©16c per !b.
San Francisco Meat Market.
'WOOL— Spring clip Is nuotable as follows:
Northern, free, 13@lGc; Northern, defective. 12®
14c; Middle County, free. 15«21€c; Middle County,
defective, 12tfS14c: Southern Mountain. 12
months', 9^10c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months', ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', Jiftllc: Humboldt and Mendoclno, 18
£' 17c; Nevada. 13S16c ner lb.
HIDES AXD SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about le under quotations. Heavy Salted Steer".
10c- medium, 9c; li?ht. Sf/S'ic: Cowhide*, S'i«*
9c for heavy and S&S4c for light; Stags. 6{i6Uc;
Salted Kip. 9^9'ic: 'Palted Veal, S«9Uc; Salted
Calf, 10o; Dry Hid^s. lS'ic: culls, ISHc: Dry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 16e; culls and brands.
He; Sheepskins, shearlings. 20030c each; short
Wool. SOS 50c each: medium. €0!fi75c: long Wool.
73c(g?l each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 50112 75 for
large and $2 25 for medium. $1 "5 for small and
00c for colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large.
$1 50 for medium. $1 25 for small ar.d 50c for
colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skin3, 3."c;
fall or mrdium skins, 20c: winter or thin skins.
20c. Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. i'Cc; medium, ""c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4(g4'ic per lb; No.
2. 3'^c: srease. tQVfc.
Hides continue weak and feme dealers are
quoting a further silent decline. Wool and
Hops are dull and nominal, as usual at the
close of the year.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, HfHUjC per lb for
heavy, 1134012c for light medium, WifJlSc for
light, 13 1 .4<!rl4c for extra light and 15®15 l ic for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, ll^i®
12c- Mess Beef. $12 50 per barrel: extra Mess.
$13; Famllv. $14; extra Prime Pork. QC: extra
clear. 119 DO; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c per
pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6 s ic per lb for com
pound and 8»ic for pure: half-barrels, pure,
9&c- 10-lb tins. 10c: 5-lb tins, l(Hic.
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel, SUc; three
half-barrels. 8c; one tlarce. 7T»e: two tierces.
7%c; five tierces, 7Hc per lb.
Hides, Tattoiv, Wool and Hops.
The market continues dull, as usual at the
close of the year, and prices show no change*.
Provisions.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras. 4 sizes. 3c;
<0-COs, 7c; 50-COs. l\' t c: O-TOs. 3%e; 70-SOs. 3V»c;
8O-3Os, 2%c; SO-lCOs. 2Vic; IOC's and over. 2s; ru
bles, Vic premium; Sonomas, Vic ar.d San Jca
quins, Vic less than Santa Claras, except l'Ks
and over, which Ftanu the lam". Apricots, 6^
Sc for Royals and lOfHO'-ic for Moorparks:
Evaporated Auples, S'fjec; sun-dried, 3M'4Vsc;
Peaches. 4'ft3c for standard. 5©6c for choice
and 8U*»7c for fancy; 1 Pears, 2^r7c: Plums,
pitted. Lfa^f. unpitted, W-ic; Nectarines. i®
5V?c for red and i'^Sc for white.
RAISINS-aTho Raisin Growers* Association
has establishes! the following prices for the
season of 1&C0: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie: standard. s\c; prime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's. 9c rer lb. Sultanas-
Fancy. l<Hie per lb: choice. »4c standard. S?ie:
prime. 8c; unbleached Pultanas. Sc: Seedless.
5€-lb boxes, 6Mjc: 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 E0 per box: 3-crown. II 60; Fancy
Clusters. $2: Dehesa. J2 50: Imperial. $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS — Chestnuts. 7'i^??o per lb for Ital.an:
Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. lie: Xo. 2, Re: No. 1
hardshell. 10c; No. 2. l%e; Almonds. 12"S13c for
rap»»rKhe!l. Sfllle for soft«h?ll: Peanuts, 5^fic
for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts. 13c; Pe
cans 11913c; Cocoanuts. $3 CO?j.". '
HONEY— Oomb. lSH'fiU'ie for bright and 12^
<7rl3c for light amber; water white, extracted.
7%if?Sc; light amber, extracted. 6H1J7c; dark,
&0614C T>*T lb.
BEESWAX— 24tf?26c per lb.
There Is nothing at all dc'.nsr at the moment,
though the demand is cxp?cted to pick up with
the advance cf the new year.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES— 305160c per box for common and 63c
SSI 25 for good to choice: Spttzenbergs. $1©1 .o:
Oregon Spitzenbergs. $l®l 23; Lady Apples.
$1 7^.";: 3 per box. .
PEARS— 3"cS$l 10 per box.
CRANBERRIES — Jerseys, $12: Wisconsin*.
$13 50; Cape Cod. 114 per barrel; COoa Bay, $2 30
*22 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1©2 25;
Seedlings. 75c©$l 50; Tangerines, $1®1 25; Man
darins. $1"31 25; Lemons, 25cfl$l 23 for common
and $1 5C@2 25 for good to choice: Grape Fruit.
E0C3J2; Mexican Limes. $4 5©<©5: California
Limes. 2iW35c: Bananas. $1S2 per bunch; Pine
apples, Jl@2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Several cars of Oranges will be offered at aui
tlon to-morrow. The feeling in these goods is
rather weak, owing to cold weather and liberal
stocks. The latter would probably be muc'.i
larsrer If the railroads were not short of cars.
Lemons are dull and weak, but Hews are firm.
There Is no change In Apples or Pears.
A few large Strawberries came In and were
slow of ?ale at $2vM per chest.
Deciduous and Other Fruits.
Storage— California fancy. 23c; standard. ;
EnFtsrn fancy. 25c; standard, ; seconds.
CHEESE— Kancy. full cream. 13c; choice, 11<":
common, nominal: YnunR Americas. 13'^c:
Eastern, full cream, teSiWkc per lb.
EGGS—
California ranch— Selected white, 31c; mlxc 1
colors, 25c >»r dozen.
California jyathered— Fancy, 2Sc; standard.
;• seconds, .
Freph Kastern— Fancy. ; standard. 27'.it-;
seconds, .
-Extras, 25c; firsts. 23c; second*.
Dairy— Extras, 23c; firsts, 20c: seconds. ISc
ston-, 15c.
Storage— Creamery extraa, 22'^c; firsts, 21c
seconds, 2»c; dairy extras, . ,
Pickle— 20c v*t IB.
Ker— 20c i*t lb. . .;-". ¦ i
Creamery-
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchnnss
were 40.500 lbs Butter. 507 cases California
Kkks. . canes Kastern Eggs. 85CO lbs Cali
fornia Cheese and lbs Eastern Cheese.
. BUTTER—
There was no further change In anything on
the Dairy Exchange. Extra Creamery Butter
was quoted steady, while all other grades were
weak and accumulating. Cheese continued
firm under moderate supplies. - ••
Eggs continued In moderate receipt and goid
demand and prices were firm.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
1 BO for Cottontail and llffl 25 for Brush; Dovei,
€o@i5c per dozen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAYv JANUARY . 1, 1901
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
£ D//»'i of Trade for igoo.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
STOCK MARKET.
8
AUCTION SALES
fe AUCTION. fe
A MASCOT STABLE.
- "¦• ¦'-' ¦•- 1106- U08 Golden Gate ave.. -
SATURDAY JANTART »
At 10 a. m. without reserve. ____
FIFTY HEAD OF WELL-KNOWN TROT-
TERS. ROAD HORSES AND CARRIAGE*
AND SADDLE HORSES, together with bug-
gies, surreys and harnesses, for the benent
of my creditors.
By order of DAN McCARTT.
¦:.".-;, \~: S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.St. Alban's LI teraryi, Society.
The St. Alban's Literary and Eoci-tU So
ciety will give its next entertainment and
dance Thursday evening,' January 8. 1301,
at Golden Gate IiaJL
Dr. TV. T... Williamson, veterlnarj' sur
genn. U. S. A.. Rrrived from Maniia yej»
terday on the transport Grant. Dr. Wil
liamson had charge of the stock on the
l;or*e transport Leelaaaw on her last trip
to Manila, during which the vessel en
countered a> typhoon of such violence that
even' animal on board was killed.
Returns From Manila.
ARRIVED/ : • •
Monday, December at.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, — - hours from "Eureka."
Schr Del Norte, .Tacnbson, 4 . days from Co-
Quille River.
SArLED. -
Monday, t December ' 81.
Ptmr NeTTbure, . ;* ' ¦ : ¦
DOMB9TIC: PORT. ,
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived ! Deo 81— Stmr-
S&nta Barbara, hence Dec 27.
LAJTE BHIPPDro INTBLLIQBWOB.
C. Mitchell, whose real name Is C. Cheb
ekar, was convicted yesterday on the
charge Of carrying a concealed weapon
and was ordered to appear for sentence
Thursday. A charge of threats to kill
preferred by his wifp, who lives at 21
Glover street, was Continued till the same
date. Mitchell was arrested Saturday and
when searched at the City Prison a note
was fcund in his» pocket that he Intended
to commit suicide. About ten years ago
he killed a saloon keeper named Martin
and has not been In his right mind since.
Bent on Murder.
S<egistra-r's Clerks Appointed.
The Commissioner* yesterday
appointed J. H. Zemansky, C H. King Jr.,
D. J. Gordon, J. X. Strand, J. J. de Haven,'
P. Koesman. J. L). Dwyer. W. Greenblatt
C. C. Pratt, J. A. L»yncb. ITerman Guti«
tsdt and J. H. Dlgnan from th# civil ser
vice -eligible, list to be clerks in the Regis,
trar'f office. Of these. Roeffman and Dwy
er are new employes and replace C. P.
Campbell, who did not take the examina
tion, and Frank PreWe. who did not ge»
a 'high enough percentage to be certified*
for appointment.
Mn«. KramR Young, the woman who
rame so max being counted among the
dead at the clom* or the old century
through her Inhalation of Illuminating gas
at H29 California street on Sunday night
has recovered. Her chance for life at the
tixn« she was brought into the Receiving
Hospital w«* 5O slim that It was consid
ered almo»t Impossible to save her. Dr.
Dray, who was on hospital duty at the
time, loft no time In working: on her. and
saved hor life.
Sirs. Yoxtng Has Recorered.
Patrick T. Lennon, an ex-soldier, broko
into the premises of the Merchants' Cold
Storage AVarehouee stablea. 2109 Mission
street, Sunday night and stole an over
coat. He was observed by the stable
,man and fjed. but was caught by Police
man B. J. (Thompson and booked on a
charge of burglary. The case was called '
In. Judge Cabaniss'., court vesterday and I
by consent continued till Thursday. ".
Edward Kane, the Eastern crook who
played the- "palm" trick in jewelry stores
and stole valuable diamonds from Meyer's
and Vandersllce's stores, was convicted
on two charges of petty larceny. In Judge
Conlan's court yesterday and was sen
tenced to. three months in the County Jail
on each charge. .. -
Charles Lowell and Bugene Cereghlno.
two Eastern crook*, were held to answer
before- the Superior. Court by Judge 'Mo
gan yesterday on two charges of burglary
in JMOO bonds on each charge. They were"
accused of breaking Into the residence
of, Mrs. Ford. 1716 Baker street, and Mrs.
Pauline Hlrshberg, 2313 California street.
Police Court Notes.
Beginning' of the Baby
Century.
It is easy to dato-a marriage from Jan
uary 1. 1801, which is porhaps the reason
why bo many licenses were taken : out
yesterday and why no many clergymen
will be busy to-day. It is a great thing
to turn over a new leaf, settle dpwn,
swear to be good and sober and pet a wife
all In the same day, but thore are twenty
seven men in this city who are willing to
go the length.
They all appeared before Cupid Dan
forth yesterday and pot their licenses and
to-day they win all Jw married. It Is epi
demic, for San Francisco is not the only
place so affected. It augurs well for th-i
city and State, however, and for the new
century, too. To be ushered In with
marriage rites to spare Is a privilege- not
accorded to every year, and 1901, being
the really first of its kind, is doubly hon
ored.
Would Date Their Bliss From the
WILL BE MABBIED
NEW YEAR'S DAY
The- b»Uef entertained by the attorneys
representing Judge DaJngerfield that
fraud ha«3 been committed by election of
ficers to the Iops of 100 votes for their
cMerit has 'proved to be without founda
tion. A further examination of the' Regrf3
trar'a flirures strove^ that tbe number of
ballots returned to court exactly corre
tpon4 vr!th th* ofneial flirures, and tbe
motion to throw out the ballots of three
prodnots was withdrawn. ¦ Jud^e Da.ln
pet-fl«ld grained one \-ote yesterday In the
recounting of baJlots In his contest to the
eJectinn of Thomas F. Graham. This
brinfc* fcis total pain to date up to 165
VO1WS.
Boxes Were Not Stuffed.
A Williams & w. Mo
Hetta Parrott. Sacto
J Hooker & w. L. Ang
J Ferxuson. Denver
L J Greer, Iowa.
M Butler & w. Pa
S Butler, U S M C
H D Parkin, Stanford
G Goodman Jr. Napa
T-F MIlIard.N Y
C K Kloeber. X Y
C Hutchlnson, Auklnd
H Martin. N Y
H A Noble, Seattle
C Tuxbury. Allch
C Dunphy, Mllbrae
W O Krohn," Chicago '
F Stern & w, S; Jose
F G Burton, U S M C
"E .Churchill. Napa
\V : F Dunphy. Mllbrae
T\' Murphy, Stanford
A B Cohen. St Joe
A W Howard, Chicago
W C DanleU. Denver
O C Townsend. Colo
A ¦¦Waldo. L Ang -
I J Pew A w, Be.lTdre
GRAND HOTKU
•Mrs v 5 R A Brownlee,
I : Napa ¦ .
CFCutts Aw. Carson
K f" I^rrott, 8 Dleso
? J'Py**™. BaJcersfleld
C M Lewis & w. Cal
E T Maxwell, Cal
|R DIIlBr. Chlco
B M Godsel, Wash
A Hampel & w, Cal
« 'i^wn. Bol«8 City
O F Wate. Cal -. ¦
C H Wetherbee & w
Oakland „-,-.•; -^ ¦¦ ..!
MIsb J - Cooper. . Cal •
Wm Olffln & w, Nev
O P Gunter & w, Cal
L Rimonjten & ; w, Cal
W West A- w. Lo, Ang
M™ N Kline. Los A.n£
C Selsmer. ¦¦ N-. Y-: -. . . - ¦
B Schmlert,- Astoria ;
E Marx. I Portland
R 8 Stubbi. Reno
B D Lyman. • Runo '-' :
HE O'Neal.Tanonia
K J Nichols, Sacto
W A Jones. . Montana :
B P '¦¦ Henshaw; Petalu
B P Henshaw. Cal
G H Rice & w. ; CaJ
H W Earle. • Stockton "
T L O'Neal,, S Cruz .
Mies D M Snowdon, Cal
Mr» A LLusch, Cal
W E Wilcox, Cai
Mrs w T Jewell, Sacto
W r MeDermott. B Uike
.TV G Clark,- Seattle
H Bryant & w, Fulton
Mrs B Peck. Chicago
"W B Parkinson, N D
V E Putnam, N D
J Kullman, BenlciR
.TV". --Wagner, Chicago
T, - V, Flint. Sacrto :
J F'Clapp, Chlcaao , .
T.P Burns, Cal ¦•:',:".¦
E A Fref ether. Cal
J H Fannin, Cal "^ *
C W L« Nolr, BRCto ;
C N I..e Nolr. ; H&cto ¦' > |
A" Blum, - Alamedi. i
WE Moldrup, Calv- »
W O McFarland. " Cal
Ii II KaKnilnsky. Bucto
H Smith. Cal :i
C Hunnlngaen, P Costa
A B Smith, Fresno v .
C Stewart, i Pasadena ".
F H Web«ter, Mlnturn
Mm . W West, Los Ann
Mrs. ; N ,' Flint * moth
• er, Ix»a Angeles '
C. Se!m»»T. N Y *
B Schmidt,- Astoria ;
E Marx,'" Portland
H A Jostro, Bakerufleld
W- West.' Ix>b ' Ant : - ¦. ..
Ft, Gilbert * w. Cal
O . W . Hagard, Iowa ;¦ : j
A M -¦• McQueen '¦: A. w,
Berkeley; - :
T L Reed. Reedley
HMiReed.'Reedley
S Billing!, N V ' r ¦:[}: -.7
W Ft Green, Chicago
W S Crone. Montreal
fJ H Youni*. is 1 T ¦ '
R M Young. -N'T
N A MeNeal, NT
Miss MoNeal, N\Y
E J Watt. London
Capt Grofan & w, I>jn
Mm P F Mercer. N Y
C Daughter. N Y *
J Wehner, Brisbane
W V Petit, Colo
R C Thayer, Colo \
J Brill &. w.- Clnn
'V<' Shannon & w, Cinn
H MillK, ChicHgro
MA Parks, NY
J ,ToriPf», N Y«
G Packer. Kansas Cltv
P Herrlngr. N Zealand
B Sherman' *-w. Oakld
R E Hy<J«,-. \'l»alla
I! Abraham. N Y'
E J Connely & w, N Y
Minn B C Dodge, N Y
J F P»tem. Stockton
J Dennoyer & •«•. - Mo I
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PAI>ACE HOTEL
The cases In Judge Fritz's court and in
Jud&e Oabanls*' court were also continued
till Friday. One of th* defendants In
JudRe Mogan's court,. Edward" Morgran,
for whom Attorney Porter Ashe appeared,
agreed to abide by the stipulation arid
plead guilty.
When the poolrocm case? were called
In Judge Mohan's* court yesterday It was
expected that Harry Corbett, who was
present, would acknowledge that the stip
ulation made by him with Chief Sullivan
on behalf of himself and other poolsellers
would be adhered to, but he was silent.
Attorney Cnllins for the defendants
;.Kaiti contended that he was not bound
by the stipulation, and at the request of
Attorney Coffey for the prosecution the
cases were continued till Friday so that
Stenographer LiOngr of Judge Mog-an's
court mieht have the opportunity . to ex
amine his notes to see. whether Collins
was or was not a consenting party to the
population. , •¦,.
Courts and by Consent Con
tinued Till Friday.
Cases Are Again Called in Police
POOLROOM MEN KEEP
UP DEFIANT ATTITUDE
Consents to Meet Members of Manu
facturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation."
The Manufacturers' and Producer*' At
foriation of California is making exten
sive prrperatlons for the banquet to be
ier.der«*d Charles M. Hays, president of
ihe Southern Pacific Company. • Presl
<>nt Hay? has accepted the honor. The
following dispatch was received yester
day:
xnw ORXJSAica, l«-. rvc. so. woo.
A. Pbf.T-tv>r". presl<3«»nt Manufactnirr?' and
Froanrm' - Amrnrtaxion — President Hay* ln-
I»\ructi< me U> a<~know>dfre and accept for him
the cnurteoy* Invitation from the Manufactur
ers' »ai Producers' Anaociation of California
end to mCKWt January IS a* a date which
would aocord with nla convenience if ajrrveable
to you. . J. C. STUBB&
PRESIDENT HAYS SETS
A DATE FOR" A BANQUET
The Board of Health met yesterday and
reappolnted John A. Brown from the civil
service eligible lift to be secretary. Dr*.
Hassler. Hereford, Hartley, Keenan and
Green were also reappolnted from tho
eligible list of assistant sanitary Inspec
tors. For food inspectors the board ap
pointed TiV. Robertson. George McGinney,
J. F. Derham, E. F. Murphy. G. W. Duns,
ter. T. P. Lydon. J. W. Tracy and J. T.
Silvera, The appointment* must be made
over again, however, aa the Civil Service
Commission filed no certifications Tor the
positions. The Health Board used an un
official list of eligibles to select from. K!l
vera's position may be endangered, an he
friends No. 11 on the eligible Hut. and the
commission will certify the names of
only ten for the eight positions. Among
the ten are J. F. Lahaney and Daniel
Riordan, either of whom would be In line
for selection. John Jenkins was appointed
night messenger for the City and County
Hospital.
The plans submitted by the Board of
Public Works for a bui-Tdlng for the head
nurse and sixteen assistants in the City
S-nd County Hospital, to cost $2000, were
approved, and the board was notified to
begin its erection at once.
An ordinance was approved and will be
submitted to the Board of Supervisors
which will compe. dairymen to provide
better sleeping quarters for the milkers
in their employ. A copy of tho ordinance
was *ent to the San Francisco Labor
Council.
-. resolution was adopted providing that
no physician shall be placed In charge of
a ward' In the City and County Hospital
unless he has had five years' experience
as assistant in such ward. Dr. Bazet di
rected attention to the large number of
Irresponsible medical college? In this city
which he ascribed as a reason for the in
troduction of the resolution.
Health Board Acts Irregularly in Se-
lectlng- Inspectors — Will Erect
Nurses* Building.
APPOINTED FROM CIVIL
SERVICE ELIGIBLE LIST
Bobbers Obtain a Small Sum and a
Wallet Containing Important
Documents. ; -'} _;ji;"
SEATTLE. Dec. 31.— S. X. Baird. treas
urer of the Everett and Monte Cristo Rail
way, was held up in Everett last evening
by two masked high.wu.ymen. Balrd was
relieved of $25 In cash end a large wallet,
containing mail and official documents be
longing to the railroad company, which
the robbers evidently thought was ple
thoric with money.
The holdup occurred within four blocks
of the PoPtofHee, in the business part of
town, at 8 o'clock in the. evening. While
the streets were not crowded, there wen>
many pedestrians abroad. The robbers
were disturbed in their work by the ap
proach of 'several perrons, leaving Baird
in possession of his diamond ring and
gold watch.
The highwaymen were two undersized
men and were seen by several persons,
but,- as they were armed, no one had
pluck enough to give chase. It Is thought
the robbers believed Ba!rd to have a large
amount of cash on his person for the pay
ment of company salaries at the first of
the month. After taking the money and
wallet, they returned a bunch of keys at
Balrd's request and then* made off In the
darkness. i£ ¦".
Cup Defender's Lines Laid.
BOSTON". Dec. 31.— The exact line* of
the I/awson cup defender were laid down
at the South Boston yards of Lawley's
Shipbuilding Company to-day. The linen
were taken from the model of Designer
Crowninahleld and George I^awley, Kred
I.awley and Draughtsman Daniels* of De
signer Crowninshleld's office. r.
— .
RAILWAY TREASURER
HELD UP BY FOOTPADS
The funeral of the late Edgar M., better
known as "Ned" Foster, will be held from
Porter & White's Undertaking Parlors. 122
Eddy street, at 2 p. m. to-morrow. ,The
remains will be interred at Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
Funeral of Ned Foster.
Cited to Appear B!fore Judjre Morrow
in .His Suit Against Mary
B. Britton.
T'ntted Stat*^> Circuit Jud«-*» Morrow has
rnadr- an or'ler citing Baron von Bchroeder
t" appear before him on January 7 and
t-how cause why the court should not dis
»r.T=« th<» .=uit of J. H. von Schroeder vs.
Mary B. P.ritton.
The «uit wa.« brought in the United
States Circuit Court some months a#o to
thate a nuisance and to recover damages
ffiid to have ber-n Inflicted upon the
Haron'p property nn Bluxome street, be
tr.f<>n Fifth and Sixth, by reason of a
t.rSck wall of the defendant's building en
croaching for s=even and a quarter inches
Tr>on the Baron's premises.
In the examination had before I'nlted
Ftale? Court Commissioner Heacock the
Paron testified that he was a capitalist;
that he w.\s a subject of the German Em
i-rror and a captain of reserve in the
'« Wrd Draeoons. and that his wife had
<i«--^ded him the property on November 3ft,
Judg«* Morrow'? order states that it ap
j^ars from affidavits that the Baron gave
vie wife no consideration for the de«d of
tho proi>ertv on Injury to which he bases
MS BUit.
EAEON VON SCHROEDER
MUST SHOW CAUSE
THE DAY'S DEAD.
John T. Wamelink.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Dec. 31.-John T.
Wamelink, head of the J. T. Wamellnk A I
Sons' Piano Company, died to-day of
heart disease^ He was one of the most
prominent business men of Cleveland and
one of the best known musicians of the
Middle West.
I "¦-.., James Matthews. '
PETALUMA, Dec. 31.— James Matthews j
died In this city last night after a resl- ]
dene'e here of nearly fifty years. He had I
been ill for several weeks. A widow and J
three sons— Thomas and Henry Matthews
of Ogden and Arthur Matthews of Peta
luma—survive him. Mr. Matthews was a
native of New Jersey, aged 64 years. He
came to California In 1S49. and a few years
later to Sonoma County.
Cassnean McLeod.
RICHMOND. Va.. Dec. 31.— Caaene&u
McLeod was found "dead In the bathroom
of his residence this morning with a bul
let hole In hi3 head and a pistol lying by
his side. It Is believed ne committed sui
cide. He was a JConfederate soldier and
afterward private secretary to ex-Gover
nors Fitzhugh Lee and R. W. McKinley.
He had been secretary of the Tobacco Ex
change.her©, for about twenty years.
Jacob Henry.
WOODLAND, Dec. 31.-On the 17th of
December Jacob Henry of Capay Valley.
an old and highly esteemed resident, fell
from a wagon and sustained serious in
juries. Tho phock was too great for a
man of his age and enfeebled condition
and he never rallied. He continued to fall
gradually and died eaxly Sunday morning.
The funeral will be held In Capay to-mor
row at 8 o'clock. The deceased leaves a
widow,: and eight children. Three of his
sons— Andrew J.. "William A. and Ira M. —
are Residents • of San Francisco. Mr.
Ke-nrv was a native of Ohio and nearly
eighty-three years of age.
ALLEGED MTJTTirEERS FREEH
EUREKA. Dec. XL— Sailors; Barney "Wll
son and Harry Sanders of the schooner
Free Trade, charged with mutiny for hav
ing taken the wheel from their skipper
near Trinidad on the night of December
22, were discharged to-day by Unitcl
States •Commissioner Ford. The Commis
sioner found the men acted without crim
inal Intent or malice, but under the ba
lief that their, captain would *.Treck the
schooner in the breakers If allowed to con
tinue In the course he was sailing-. ,
•
Choynski Preparing for the &tage.
CINCINNATI, Dec. 31.— Joe Choynskl.
the prizefighter. Is hero arranging for* his
forthcoming venture in vaudeville. A
thirty-minute sketch, entitled "Sketch
Factory," ¦ has been wVitten for Choynskl
and his wife (nee Lut?mll)*r), '-who Is a
singer and- actress. Owing to his engage
ments In this line Choynskl would not en
tertain any proposition for the prelimi
nary at the Jeffries-Ruhlln fltrht.
VS> now stand at the threshold of the twen
tieth century, and the nlnete«nth Is a thing of
th« . Daat. ¦ It will, howevar. bt known aa tha
cenfury of Indention and discovery, and
among «orrn " of tho greatest of these wt» can
truthfully, mention Hoetettur'B Stomach Bit
tera, th* celebrated remedy for all atlmtnt*
arising from a - weak or disordered stomach,
such as dyspepsia, indigestion, flatulency.' con
stipation and biliousness. x "\
The Twentieth Century.
Lillian Merrltt, daughter of Captain Ben
Merritt of San Quentin. who was arrested
Saturday evening on a charge of stealing
a valise from the Tiburon ferry depot,
was discharged by Judge Conlan yester
day. The police acknowledged there was
no evidence against t.h<* girl and Captain.
Seymour asked the Judge to dismiss the
case.
Police Acknowledge Mistake.
Lieutenant Crimmins is quite a young
man and is devoted to his military duties.
Jie is well known in N6W York, where his
father Is prominent in political circles.
The date of the wedding hag not yet
been set, but it will not be long delayed.
Lieutenant Crimmins will leave for the
Islands soon and the ceremony will tak<
place before his departure. He will take
his bride with him to the Islands.
Miss Margaret Cole is the younger of
two sisters, daughters of the late Edward
P. Cole, who was prominent as an attor
ney. Mr. Cole died three or four yearn
ago. The bride-to-be Is a prett3" young
woman. She made her debut about three
years ago. The Cole family resides at
2C15 Buchanan street.
The latent engagement which Is inter
esting society Is that of Miss Margaret
Cole and lieutenant L.. Crimmins of the
Sixth Infantry. The betrothal of the
young people was announced on Sunday
evening at a dinner given by Mrs. Eleanor
Martin at her home on Broadway. The
announcement was a complete surprise.
Miss Margaret Cole and Lieu
tenant Crimmins.
The Engagement Is Announced of
WlXIi WED YOTJNG
ARMY OFFICER
Whitney's story of the go-ahead signal
from the bridge is corroborated by train
men of the Oakland broad 'gauge local
from the Alameda mole, who have assert
ed they saw the signal from their train
when It was running up to the bridge All
such evidence will be heard by Superin
tendent Agler at the investigation..
Whitney was on his run this mornine.
He is married and has a larg* family of
children. For some time he has been run
ning as an extra engineer. ¦
officials. \ As I said last night, the switch
was open and I .was- signaled to go ahead
by the operator from the bridge. Of
course,,:.! was running slowly, and that
contributed .to the. lessening of danger
after thf : whee!s left., the track and de
railed th» engine. . 1 have nothing to say
about blame, carelessness -or anything
Pertaining to the cause for the open
switch. That Is a subject In the hands of
the officials of the division," -
Whitney's act In stopping his engine at
such a critical moment -was beyond ques
tion the deed of a level-headed and brave
man, who was bent upon saving his train
at all risk to himself. If his engine had
pushed on a foot further, and on the
floor of the bridge itself, the locomotive
must have toppled into the estuary, car
rying with It the cars of passengers, then
on the highest rise of the embankment
approach.
!.- -^s.-AKLAND.Dec; 3t— The: Southern^
(/ \\ Pacific Company', officials.; . are
II •': Jl ;murh disturbed- t^caiisie/'vpf. .the.
: 'i\^ys - '¦ narrow escape -la-s't vnight:- of', an;':
f/'} •¦•... Alameda locaL : train from: being
: thrown . into the estuary at -. .th^'app roach;
.t<i If arrlpon-street . bridpe..' iPreliniln.ary"
investigation? have fiettled. practically, the
: cause of the derailment of Engineer W.
H. Whitney's locomotive. While no official
announrement has be«>n made; : the- railroad
nven say that the bridge operator's failure
to close the narrow gauge switch after
the evening freight train for Fourteenth
and Webster streets had passed, shortly
before the Alameda local struck the open
switch, was the cause.
The formal investigation will take place
before Division Superintendent Agler this
week, and responsibility will b*> definitely
fixed. In the railroad yards it Is openly
declared that the bridge tower operator
had acknowledged his failure to close the
switch, and that he had admitted his care
l*»s=Rne«s to Krig-fn<»«r Whitney, whose
nerve and coolness saved the train from
disaster. Whitney when seen to-day at
his residence. 1470 Twelfth street, refused
to either confirm or deny the story, say
ing: "So far as the affair Is concerned I
have made my statement to the proper
ENGINEER W.H.>WHITNET;%HO PREVENTED A DISASTER BY HIS
COOLNESS IN; STOPPING LibCOMOtlVE, WHIOT CAME WITHIN
ONE FOOT QF, PLUNGING INTO i THE ESTUARY. ¦•:>/:; : :
night after a tour of the. East, on which
he scored successes that have placed him
in the front rank of his class. ... •
; It is expected that McFadden's hext
match will be with Oscar Gardner, who
is now on his way to the, coast. The Kid
Is more than 'willing and from all reports
Gardner will go out of his way to meet
him. McFadden is in the best of condition
and ready to flgrht at short notice.
Game Little v3oxer, in Prime Condi
\. tion, Declares Himself Ready
."?.¦•'-; . . ' ..for All Comers. .;./;;.
: Kid McFadderi, California's prize ban
tamweight pugilist; arrived home last
KTp McFADDEN, BANTAM ; ;
':;¦£ "fighter^ reaches town
Atlanta, ' tho , 73-hour champion, led" the
field of fourteen ; riders at the end of the
first ? day < of the six days' racing ; at Park
Square Garden 'to-night. Right on his
heels are seven other men .riding Just < as
steadiiyas he. The first day!s racing, was
a bic. success In: every way. One 'record
went down, the: 100 miles.; Kaser setting
the flgure3 at-4 -hours 27 minutes ; 21 3-5
BecondH.ia liberal cut : from Miller's pre
vious figures... ¦•¦' .- ¦ .-¦¦ : " -- "¦'¦. •-,
-The track proved to be a little risky, al
though the falls to-day did ; not ¦ prove se
rious to : the men. .. Pumice-stone on ¦ the
boards was the chief cause of trouble.
Educational ; Test for Immigrants.
VICTORIA, = B.C. I Dec. 31.— The provin
cial Government to-day : proclaimed ) regu
lations for", carrying 'out the immigration
act, which was: passed at: the > last' ses
sion, prescribing the educational test. ? A
bl IE, ••fights wills be made by:- the; companies
engaged In .bringing in Japanese and Chi
nese, a« thA o/itii an: •tractive bar to their
entry. wB&&£EBSBXEaSS$i - v ¦;¦ '
Record Broken in the Six-Day Raco
5 at Boston. *
BOSTON, Dec. 81.— Bobby. Walthour . of
IN THE LEAD.
Five Deaths .- From . the Malady in as
Many Days. o
DAWSON, Dec. 18 (via Seattle, Dec. 81).
— Dawson is stricken with a terrible epi
demic of pneumonia. There have been
five . deaths In as many "days from the
dread malady and others are suffering
from It. People are greatly worried. Ty
phoid also is ; epidemic, but it is subsiding
and it Is prenerally believed that the worst
is over. Smallpox has about disappeared.
There, are now only two smallpox patients
In the entire district. Five. thousand vac
cine points were received' to-day and it is
announced that compulsory vaccination,
to Include every man, woman an.d child in
the city and on the creeks.. la.. t.9. proceed
at once. .Twenty-five hundred polntSiWere
received pome time ago. > |
PNEUMONIA AT DAWSON.
Brother of Man IJost in Yellawstane
Park Petitions for Letter^ of
Administration.
SAX JOSE. Dec. 31.— Papers were filed
In the Probate Court here to-day: which
recall the mysterious disappearance of
Leroy Piper in Yellowstone Park, Wyo.,
last summer. John W. Piper petitions for
letters of administration on the estate of
his brother, who. It Is stated in the peti
tion, died on or about August 1 last.
Piper and a party of friends went to
Yellowstone on an outing. One day Piper
left their hotel, alone, for a walk. Noth
ing more was ever seen of him. When
Piper's absence caused alarm his friends
hired guides and cowboys to search the
reservation, but In vain. A large reward
was offered for him and his description
sent broadcast. , i.. .
The estate consists of about $13,000 cash
and land valued at 134,000 Hn counties in
this State. The totab value Is placed at
$60,000. The heirs nre. Lilian Piper, the
widow, and a daughter"' two years old, re
siding at St. Marys, Ohio.
RECALLS LBB0Y PIPER'S
STRANGE DISAPPEARANCE
PORTLAND, Dec. 31.— The United States
transport Thyra sailed to-day for Manila with
£50 horses and a cargo for the army in the
Philippines.
SANTA CR.TTZ. Dec. SI.— Th* Supreme Court
has denied the petition for a writ of habeas cor
pus in the case of Dr. Harlan, who is Benin* a
six months' sentence in Jail for haying made
threats against Mls>s Floy Firman.
PACIFIC GROVE. Dec. 31.— The thermometer
this morning renlstered 26 decrees above zero.
Ice formed over standing water in exposed
places and many tender plants were killed.
Heavy frost is expected to-night.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 31.— A rumor published
by an afternoon paper to the effect that tho
Union Oil Company had sold out to the Stand
ard is emphatically dpnled by the officials of
the former company, who assert that no such
deal Is pending or contemplated.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 3X.— John Cannon, an
lronmolder, was to-day found dead In bed In the
St. George lodging-house. He had taken his
life with poison- Cannon had been drinking
heavily for several days and was out of em
ployment.
PORTLAND, Dec. SI.— At a. meeting of Ore
gon and Oriental Steamship Company to-day
the followine board of directors was elected:
R. A. Graham, H. I* Pittock. (I. Rosenblatt
and George F. Myers, of Portland and Robert
Hann-a of Wa*hlnffton. D. C. I
COAST BREVITIES.
Tf-^?v ERKELEY, Dec. 31.— Henry S.
L-2f Eastham, : .the last survivor of
hp""^V the crews that served In Comrao-
Xl^i/ dore Perry's famous expedition
to Japan, died this morning at
his home, 2123 Kittredge street. Although
he had been in ill health for many years
his death; was unexpected. The deceased
was a native of New Bedford, Mass., aged
66 years.
i "Captain" Eastham, as he was gener
ally known, was a familiar figure about
the Berkeley streets. Up to a week ago
he walked down town every morning,
leaning on his staff; He was known by
all the old inhabitants and the new ones
soon became acquainted with the genial
old sailor.- ; : '"!. ; .l , ';
Mr. Eastham came from a seafaring
family. His father was master of a ves
sel, and while still a boy young Eastham
went to sea. He appeared much, older
than he was and became mate of a mer
chant vessel before he reached his twen
tieth year. When his time expired East
ham joined Perry's fleet, then in the
South Seas on its way to Japan. The
young Bailor was assigned to the flagship
Mr. Eastham became m during service
and at his request was Invalided home.
He was honorably discharged from th»
United States steamship Warren and from i
the naval service In 1855. The Warren at
that time was at the Mara Island navy
yard, i
Several attempts have been made to se
cure a pension for Mr. Eastham. At pres
ent there Is a bill before Congress, cham
pioned by Congressman Metcalf, to grant
the old sailor a pension of $20 a month.
with forty-five years' oacK pay at the
same rate. He had expected this bill to
go through and had hoped to pass his
last days in peace and comfort.
The deceased leaves a sister. Mrs. E. F.
Gwynneth, with whom he resided. Fu
neral services will be held January 2, at
10 a. m.. from the late residence of tho
deceased. The Interment will be private.
and formed part of the crew which man
ned Perry's gig.
He served throughout all the stirring
scenes of 1853, when Perry with his ten
warships opened the ports of Japan to the
commerce of the civilized world. He help
ed fight the Chinese pirates who swarmed
the Asiatic coast at that time. When in
9 reminiscent mood Mr. Eastham was
able to tell many thrilling tales of ad
venture and warfare while serving In the
far East.
Mrs. J: B. Barber, Niece of President
WIDOWED BBH>E BRUTGS
HOME HUSBAND'S BODY
McKinley, Arrives oa tiie
Transport Grant.
Among the arrivals on the transport
G.rant yesterday was Mrs. J. B. Barber,
widow of Paymaster Barber, U. S. A.,
who died at Hongkong two months after
his marriage. The couple had Just com
pleted their honeymoon and Mr. Barber
had started for Manila to take up his du
ties as paymaster in the army when he
was taken ill with fever and died a few
days later.
The remains of the dead paymaster will
be taken direct to Canton, Ohio, for Inter
ment. Mrs. Barber is now at the Occi
dental. She is a niece of President Mc-
Klnley.
HENRY S. EASTHAM. HE WAS' THE LAST SURVIVING SAILOR WHO
WENT WITH COMMODORE PERRY ON HIS MEMORABLE TRIP
THAT CAUSED THE AWAKENING OF LONG-SLUMBERING JAPAN.
The Mechanics' Pavilion was the scene
of the grand masque ball of the Mardl
Gras last night, it was late, for every
one wished to see the old year and 'century
out from the Pldcwnlks and the crowds,
but as soon as there was no doubt
that the new century was well in the
crowds headed for I^arkin street and
danced until -daylight drove them home.
The arrangement* this year "were far
superior to. any the association has evei
had. There was. a bar. but there was no
drinking there. Tho seeker after refresh
ment had to sit in "h table and order
what lie wanted an.l the waiter got it
for him. but he -could not get it himself.
A new feature was the erection of two
score or more tents, each with a table
large enough for six people, and those to
whom the public '.eye was an annoyance
sr-ought thf> seclusion -o? the tents and
camped. There was in disorder and' no
confusion and the dances followed each
other without hitch <r hindrance. Fifiv
waiters, looked oyt for the wishes of the
Kiiests and thirty policemen looked out for
theii safety. The cstumes were variol
and novel and the ball was one of the
successes of the season; -.
Besides S. H. May. president of the
Mardi Gras Association, and R. L. Knapp,
vice president, the following named com
mittees were in charge:
Reception — Jnds<» 8. H. Cabanas. Hon. <?. A.
I»w, J. H. BassPtt, William A. Worster, ¦ F.
E. Muller, 05. • E. r*>tch*r, Kent Matheson. If.
ffcrcovlch. Judge George («roezinKrr. 3. I'au
son. G. H. Field. William d* Barry. J>»o Xolan,
C. I* Barnes, Lyman A. CraiK, William Oohn,
Hon. Geors* C. Perkins, B. . I. Hroitiertou. H.
G. Gray. Barnry Weil. C. E. nine. William
Clark. \V. A. Peacock and Fred P. Plagemann.'
Floor — Oscar A.- To!l<» (manasrsr), A. B.*
Woi-Rter-' (assistant). .1. H. I'llmsn. Harry
Sten?<».. Hfnry J. Muller. Charles W. ¦'Whitney..
Barton Chancy, C. Orfen.: Charl*s W. Frankel.
Charles lleyneman, \V. LAke. Dick Israel. A;
P«ldner, Frank Byrne,'. Frank Levy, E. Bloch,'
CharlPs Drake. Charles R. Scott. Hon: .1. K.
KMIojtk. M. A. JacobK, J. H. Bien, M. Stonp,'
Krnest Kennedy, G: Lowenthal and ft. Rosen
thai. ••¦" : -v ; ;: -..: . ¦=;:¦ ..:..¦ ¦ .- ..-•
Beautiful Costumes Were the Order
of the Evening and the
Revelers Had No
Masquerade Ball at Pavilion
Draws Crowds From
the Streets.
DANCE AS THE
CENTURY WANES
For a third time within six months th«
guests of the Hotel Bertling, at 736 Bush
street, have had occasion to hurriedly
pack their baggage and make a hasty exit
from the caravansary en account of fire.
Shortly before noon yesterday a blaze that
broke out in the north wing of the hotel
threatened a serious conflagration tn the
block and caused a hasty scramble among:
the occupants of the place.
When the fire was discovered the flames
had almost enveloped the roof of the por
tion of the structure known as the ser
vants' quarters. An alarm wa3 sounded
from box 133, and there was a wild scram
ble among the guests, who soueht a place
of safety.
The fire department quickly responded
to the alarm and the work of fighting the
fire began. The firemen, after a hard bat
tle, prevented the nre from spreading to
the lower stories, and thus a%erted a dan
gerous blaze. The pruest3 continued re
moving their belongings until it was an
nounced that the fire was out.
According to fire reports the Hotel Bert
ling has been visited by the element of
destruction throe times within the last
elx months. On the two previou3 occasions
not much damage was done.
The fire yesterday will cost the. proprie
tors of tho hotel $2^00. Th« roof of the
north wing was badly gutted and a num
ber of rooms were damaged by water.
Flames Are Quickly Extinguished
and Frightened Patrons of the
Hostelry Return to Their
Rooms.
Guests of tha Bertlicg Hur
riedly Pack Their
Btlougings.
BLAZE IN HOTEL
CAUSES AN ALARM
Inquiry Into' Danger to Engineer Whitney's
Train Ordered.
BLAME IS CAST
ON BRIDGE MAN
HE SAILED WITH
PERRY TO JAPAN
Death of Last Survivor of That Famous
Expedition.
THE S A^ FR A NC1SCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 1 , 1901.
Tcny ]>rasr. > s Tllily Aimed Bullet
Der. .*oy« I?; ¦ and May
'. Jvcitaai ,1 jr &?; ult in
tth TJjatl .
Mike fpti«-i>K 4 lA'Kir:-, may lose his
life ai :h« i ! **vft .fc-.ic -• -ckless shooting
of Tor.; j|»-ir .fc. 'of 12:i Kearny street
shortly 8.:t..* •• ?-**> Rt : tVH morning. Du
r«^a v-tv .*»t ni, tf.f advent of the
new cfnr.rr. 1 '-' O |ci. ir.it! g a revolver in
• .:.... ,-rricr of Green
riaxiccd cr<v-;: v <etti. who was
»t*ffl8a|r|>' MHkfefcM** »-V. <n the eye.
?pj.i.'t; s vi-iii; J.urriea to the Receiving
Hospital Uflere his wound was mendrd
to by Police Surgeon Jiunnell and Dr.
Bacieralupi. Spinettf will lose his eye aid
possibly his life.
Drrar.d wms arreFtr.i and lodged in tho
lanks at the Ha'.J of Justice pending the
result of his reckless work.
==
IirSTTRANCE MEK REWARD
: A F.\ITHFTJL OFFICIAL
Deputy Insurance Commissioner
Rohrer Receives a Handsome
Ne-nr Year's Gift.
"M. M. n"j<.r.»r. D*puty In5-irar.c# <>m
n^issjnjirr of ihf Stale nf California, wa*
; -:reably surprised "yeKterd:«y by r^oeiv-
Inn a purne of ?3i.">0 from the various in
*uranc»? chiapanles drlriR business In this
city. He was greatly surprised and
highly gratified that his services had been
appreciated/: •
Infuranw Commissioner Clunie sent
Rhorer ov*»r to the ottlres of the P'acitic
Mutual Company to •ecarc fiRures on real
ff-XtLXf. Up was utfii>-r<*d into th<» room
peneral'y occupied by th*- tioard of di
ro«ors and he was astonished \o find half
a hundrc-4 of the ir'adir.sr Ins'iranoe men of
th^ 6tat«? pathorpil th<re. Before he had
e.n opportunity to withdraw. Charlep D.
Haven arose and addressing him dwelt on
the Fplcndld assistance he hart rendered
the ccmpaii:»»« during his twenty-five
j"e>ar? rf pcrvicA as deputy commissioner.
C. F. UDUln* followed nnd dwelt <m the
courteous treatment Mhorf-r accorded the
insurance m»>n and this was followed by
enother laudr.tory Fp<^ch hy John J^and
ers. TV". R. Hifrg-ins mado an elaborate
presentation cpe^ch and handed the
purse laden Kith phlr.inR pold over, to the
Furprifed recipient. : — \ .... .
Rhnrer was overwhelmed by the kind
t\ordp nnd renfr<>?ity of hi* friend? and in
r few frelinp penTrnce<« thanked them for
their poodr.es? to him. •:¦
Fcllowlne 1? a copy of the letter which
accompanied the r^esent: . . . .^
pan rrnNcisro. r>e<\ 3i. i»on:
Mr. M. M. Rhorer. JVputy In*uran'-e Com
rr.iEsioner cf the BtSt* <¦•¦ CaliJornia— Pear Sir: 7
>t tbe close nf twenty-fl\e years of Venice In
the resronj-ibie pf>5!tt"ri »hich you now hold,
the insurance ccTrpani*>« and their representa
tives de«:re to expr^s t-> you their hirh appre
ciation nt your virtues a* a citizen, a rentle-1
rr:an and an PfflclaJ. ¦;•'••• ¦¦¦:¦¦¦¦"-¦ .'¦¦¦¦ '.¦
For a quarter of a century y^u have per
f.jin«l the important dutien of your office in
n raw acceptable manner to ihe public, your
fiperlor officers and to the insurance frater-:
Vou bare •Iwsyit b^en fair, honest, efficient,
kind and courtecuf. nn<3 in recognition of thosi 3
oualitie* Rnd of the lor.e tfrm ot your pt\ ire.
»'<" afik that you pcrept the accompanying pr^s
«-t e? a plight token of our respect and regard
' ir J " U - '', _.
We fin'-ereir wlrt that you mar have tiiany
yee.ru ar.d much prosperity and that yon may
rftair, •¦•¦ur pr*>#pr.t offlcial position durlnit the
7v-niain«l«;r of your buf=lnei<B life.
9
STRUCK IN EYE
BY PISTOL BALL
Mike Bpinetti h Viotim of
11 okless Now Year
CeUbration.
OP BEEF for
.IMPROVED AND ECONOMIC COOKERY
COWPANY'S EXTRACT
No waste of time or materials, for with
a smsli quantity of extract, remnants
which by themselves woold be insipid
andnceless can b« mads into a delicate
eoup, or savory dlsb.
No Waste in the Kitchen
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JKarteks
MEamgBP Bb 1% sf^S
J?o«Sttv©l7 cored Qytbose
little Pills.
1 Ttey also r^krve Distress from HjwpeadB,
tndlgotloa and Too Hart? Eating, A "par-
fixt irexmdy to Dhstoess, Nausea, Dro^d*
ness, Bad Taste fa tbe Mouth, Coated Tenon-
Pain in tbe Side. TOStPID LIVER. They
i Regulate the Bowds. Purely Vegetable.
Smeapm. Small Dosa.
i Sma!! Price* '
?©?©?o*o*o*o#o*o*o*o»o*o#o'
i¥IISffV IS HEALTHFUl I
0 ' 19 N **«»l Minml Watar J
O Wlth n " s(!IJclfl »l Qoatltla*.
I summ s 0 -*** 10 * VICHY I
? j^^§ IN SIPH0N3 ?
I jrafBM VICHY i
? .K 5^^^^ Oet tho GonuJns £
O a. VlCNlER.Dlslrlbutln« A^ant ,
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fiff een Days
I' -Gtmn-8«lT«t"«l»«olTe«S«r»«tWT0t!*» mow b«-
'¦ Bfa»h th« inn. reduces Knlarged Prosutta »nJ
I itre&fUieos tfe* Seminal Pacts, stopping Drain* »ntf
I Eaiiulon* I* riftesa Day*.
1 No drvfi to rain th« stomach, but > direct lociu
and po«iUTe application to tbe entire ur«tbra! tract
! Gran-So!»-nt Is no: » i:«ui<1. It is praparert Is
the form of Crayons or Peneiis. smooth and tirxl&l*
Mid to Barrow aa to pass tbe closest Stricture. ¦
Every Man Should Know Himself.
The St. Jan*« Awn.. Box S3*. Cincinnati, O_ kat
¦iguaiBd a* «r«at rtcsm an exh»n«t- p n rpf
rrvlJlnatrated TreaUn* open »he aaale LULL
Sl JAn^SA<I^N 250 ELM ST..
31. JXnLD A32PL, Cincinnati, Ohio.
BM^^?y^^n^5^a cannot be cured by
raSv\^L/V^ j£a&!J * a l ves - lotions, eom-
! SEs^KK^jf^W^ men trusses, cr
CT-^-«?WoTHer2*£iT^ "Q-jack" operations
fi^^ft^y^DR. PIERCE'S MAGNcTIC
« SZ&\ ELECTRIC TRUSS" Is dif-
i m JUS\ fcr«nt It does the work I
: ' tan information. Call or wrtte
for !t *
MAGNETIC ELA6TIC TRUSS CO.
620 Market it. (opp. Palace Hotel). S. F.
R HALL'S REINYlGORATGRBrngr
Five hundred reward for any klWT^C^
case we cannot cure. This s«em LaM • 2W!i
remedy stops all losses in 24 boare. I ' J«j
ciu-es Emissions. Impot«ncy. Vari- {Ran FJTKl
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Flti. f&*% F*^!l
Strictures, Lost JIanhond and all Wbi IL*JLJ
wastinjc efTeota of self-abuse or fggfc K*^]
excesses. Sent sealed, ?2 bottl«: 3 Ht»w*ift^
bottles, $5; guaranteed to cure any ca*%. - Ad- ¦
dres* HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 85i
Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also for dale at 1073 j
Market ft. S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. Send for freebook.
i»| BIIA Laflln A Rand Waterproof
Ob StllC* Smokeless Po-«-der, la bulk
B_| ! fll and loaded la shells. S»ml
UUII %J goodn. OEO. W. 3HRHSVB.
¦ ¦ '^ 733 Market streetTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 1, 1901.
10
SAJT FRANCISCO CALL.
BUEINTJES OFFICE of The San Franclso
Call, corner cf Market and Third etr«et«; opea
until 12 o'clock every right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery ¦treet.
corner Clay; open until i:l0 p. m.
S90 Hayes street; opea until 8:35 p. m.
CSS McAllister street; open until 9:M p. m.
CIS. Larkln street: cpea until 9:30 p. m.
I9<1 &I!ssloa etreet: cpea until W p. m.
1261 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
cntil 9 p. ta.
10« Eleventh street: opea antll » p. ex
1096 Valencia rtreet: open until 6 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA CHAPTER No. 6, R. A. ¦
M-. will meet THUS (TUESDAY)
EVENING. January 1. at 7:i - 0 o'clock. jLJ\
Stated meeting: and installation of o(-/»>
ficers. By order of the II. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and •
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS (TCES-^*^
DAY) EVENING at 7:S0 u'ci(yk. By 75L>\
order of W. M. /^r^
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodre No. ICC. F. and A. M., m
121 Eddy st.— Stated meeting TII1S .»*\»
(TCESOAYi EVENING at 7:30. Jvy\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. fV *
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. a
M. -Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _J%
EVENING, k o'clock. ?*J\
A- S. HfBBAED. Secy. /^T >
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society— Of- fi>
:-.'•<..¦¦» ar.3 members: You .u--<' here- g^sfci
bv notified to utifnJ your n-su'.ar ic.iy**
meeting on \TEDN*E6DAT EVEN- pi-JKSS
ING. Jar.uary 2, 1901, at 7:J0 o'clock. **r
All the members tre requested to be present
for donation aad appropriation and Insula-
tion cf officers. By order cf
J. L. RADOVICH. President.
Arc. MTKULICH. Rec. Sec.
SERVIAN - MONTENEGRIN • L- ~jT~
and B. Society. 9P9 Market Btreet Jrtnn&
—Quarterly meeting of Servian- yyr*^ ..
Montenegrin L. -and B. Society pi 1 S t Vpi'-,a
will be held WEDNESDAY SjSijfeaa
EVENING. 'Jaxmary 2. 1S01, at W^M'S'*!
7;S0 o'clock, at 909 Mcrket Bt All fc ; MJ5i3'\W
of Seers and merr.txrs are
earnestly requested to attend.
Installation of officers far the
year 1K>1. Fines for non-attend-
anc<* will be etrlcUy enforced. By order
M K- TASOVAZ. President.
PPIRO S. VUCOSAVL1HV1CH. Sec. j
DIVISION No. 2. A. O. H-— The regular \
monthly meeting of this division will \^-.-Mf
be h* Id at Hib*rn'.a Hall. 120 Ninth JfA* '
etreet. cn WEDNESDAY. Jan. ?. W01. fS*3*]
rt 7:30 p. ra. JOHN KENNY. »^a |
T. L- CLANCY. Secretary. President, f
THE California n*t>r3s Commission, having r«- ;
reived ar?5ictiticrs to mine by the hydraulic j
process fr.-«m John <"0Fta et al.. in the Lady's i
Canon Mine, near Fierra City. Sierra Co.. to ]
deposit tailings in worked-out pits: from W. B.
rHidley «t al.. in the Dudley Placer Mine, j
near North Columbia, Nevada Co.. to deposit ,
tailings in a worked-out pit: from the Eagle !
Gold Mining Co.. in the Reichel Claim, near !
Mountain Ranch. Calaveras Co.. to deposit '¦
tailings in Murray Creek, and from th« Em- :
ery Gold Mining and Water Co.. in the Rose I
Hill Mine, near Mountain Ranch. Caiaveraa
Co.. to deposit tailings in Murray Creek, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room SJ.
Flood buildir.jr. Psn Francisco. Cal., on Jan- j
uary 14. 1S01. at 1:S3 p. m. • I
SPRING Valley Water Works — Annual Meeting I
—The annual meeting cf the stockholders of j
the Spring Valley Water Works will be held
at the office of the ccn-.pany. No. 12S Stock- J
ten etreet. San Francisco. California, at 12 ,
o'clock M.. on WEDNESDAY, the Sth day
cf January, 1301. to «?lect trustees to serve j
for the ensuing year -and for the transaction
Df such other business as may come before
the raeeticg. Pan Francisco. California. '
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary, j
TJTE annual meeting of the stockholders of th» j
Nevafia National Bar.k of San Francisco. Cal., (
orlS be held at Its banking hcuse, SOI Mont- i
Fomery st.. Bsjn Francisco. Cal.. on TUES-
DAY. January S, 1901. at 3:15 o'clock p. m.. |
tnsuing year and the transaction of such j
rther business as may come before the raeet-
Jr.p. GEO. GRANT, Cashier.
fas Prar. cisco. December 8, 15C0.
BORROW on diamonds : perfect secrecy: prl- j
vate entrance. I'XCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av. .
¦ ' ' ¦ j
ADOPTION.
A GOOD home open for elrl or boy baby. Add.
Mry. T>r Furkt. 1416 Eighth «t.. Alamed*.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
B. \Y. KING. 9^7 Market et.. Cth floor, room €27 \
— P-t-tr.£. -amazes, attachments, bankruptcy.
**''i:ectlons: aii caf^s; fair, fee; no advance I
charges; loars on estates. Tel. Howard 1527. J
ADVICE free; <5lvcrce law a epecialty; private; j
tie fee without success- collections. O. W. !
HOWE. att> at law. f.50 Market, cor. Stocktoa. I
};ii.NK V.'. yiUTH: i».:n!nr and probate law a |
Fj-'f-ifclty. ili'.ls tig., r. J, 4t.h flr. ; tel. Red 2516.
,M> VICE free; no chanre unless successful. W. J
W. DAVIDSON. S!7 Market St., opp. Mason. ¦
J. EDW. JA1IRETT. Uearrt bid*.. Third and
Market «s. : phone Red £25*.
1-. S. CLARK. Eama Epreckels bldg'.. 917 Mar-
. fc»t f-t.: 'ccryultation tree; no fees In advance.
AGEXTS WASTED.
SOLICITOP.S -wanted; men or -women ; good
salaries warranted: psryabl* cither weekly cr |
monthly: expenses paid. S27 Market, rm. 615. j
¦ — — ¦— . —^— — i
ASPHALTl'M ROOFIXG. I
3. PELTIER, ESfhalt roofing, sidewalks re-
r.a:r*d; postal. m6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
BITSIXESS CHANCES. ; ;
A— PARTNER wanted in first-class butcher '
Jh.'p; barcain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
A— CIGAR Etand; heart city: must sell. COW- j
ING &. CO.. 719 Market st.
A— GROCERY and bar. with rooms; fine loca- |
tlon; good stock. COWING & CO.. 719 Mkt.
A— PLUMBING shop: big stock; horse, wagon; i
rlcknegg. COWING- & CO., 719 Market St.
PARTNER wanted in a large old-established !
profitable business, controlling a good feafe, j
solid and reliable trade. Owing to retirement i
of former inanager owner has decided to sell !
aa interest to an acceptable party; duties will i
be the keeping of the accounts and assisting !
penprally In the management of the business;
capital required Jieoc to SIO.OO; full value in j
sight; books end business open for lnvestlga-
tUm. Apply J. W. DONNELLY & CO.. Ofi
Market et. ;
tU 0— nnSTA URA NT witli 4 rooms in a live )
(•art of city: '(rood prices; will clear $150 '
- moMhJy; must a bonanza for man and I
wire. LANE & CO., SC5 Market st. v .,.\
A— WANTED— A good tenant for grand cor-
K: t-r etore and basement with fixtures cult-
il.f tor grocery business; special Induce-
tnerts. Apply FPECK & CO.. S67 Market.
A— RESTAURANT: daily sales {20: price $400;
r^nt J22 b'r. fine for man and wife. MARION
''.KIFF1X. 71S Market Rt.. by CaU building.
J12*— CIGAR rtand; toanraln; near Market.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 7~H Market st. j
A BARGAIN— JliOO; grocer:.' Ftock down town (
«-n Kan Pablo ave.. Oakland: stock al! new
: ¦¦'. clean: doing a cash business. Address
«.r oil. 1073 Twelfth St.. Oakland.
TO MILKMEN-
To let contract for brewery pprouti for one
your, beginning January 1. 1901. Apply at
72S Howard st.
XH7TCHER inj^iness in thriving country town:
frtab. over 40 yrs.; owner wishes to retire;
ITOperty will invoice 'price. l!ox SOC, CaH.
iniEUMATISM. sprains cured; 16 years' ex-
ftrlfnce. Room 475-6 1'arrutt bids.; 10-12 m.
to 1-3 p. m.
RKSTAURANT; barrain; paying business;
cheap rent; good location. 3C3 Hayes st.
iTHSERS. A. NEUBOCRG & CO. of Shanghai
rieslre to cotae into touch with capable San
Francisco or Eastern manufacturers -with a
view to buslress in China. Address L. RO-
KEN1HAL. I2C2 Octa,via tt.
WANTED — A ctrtner or promoter. Box 80S,
Call.
HAKERY and restaurant for sa!e cheat): rent
{;3. £il Illinois st.. near Union Iron Works.
V< >V c«n win every day at race*; a system any
one can win with: to. Address box 904. Call.
*-PLAT THE RACES—
fT> to CO per cent profit monthly on our new
fjttcm; call and Investigate. N. a HAND ft
CO.. expert handlcappers. cult 12. U Kearny.
I5AKERY and notion store on account of slck-
nej=£; price $300; S living rooms. 29 Zoe st.,
bet- Bryant and Erannan, Third and Fourth.
PARTNER wanted In wholesale fruit and
rroducp business; well established; splendid
opportunity to right party: capital required.
. T5CC0 to $40C0. Apply P. O. box 231. Sacra-
n:rnto, Cal.
WANTED— A good man with $JCO or $1000 cap-
ital to buy livery stable In a first-clan eoun-
ti->- town; cheap rent. Particulars at 48
Eighth rt.
TOR 5 ALE— Cheap; restaurant end chop house:
retiring on account of death; must sell this
r-eek; b^st location: low rent. Box 81L Call.
J4<« — GRAND opportanltyfor lady or gent: loca-
tion perfect: cigars, Btatlonerv, notions. Wait-
ing-room, 23d-ave. station, Eaet Oakland.
FALOON for sale. 23 East et.
JiSO— HALF interest In splendid Job printing !
office; good trade. 402 McAllister st.
j'*> WINS *300 per month at races: references
tvfx Infcrmatlon Lyons, $21 Market, r. 4.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A FEW OF H. C. DECKER'S BARGAINS:
24 rooms; bouse clears $150 $2000
14 rooms on Mission st 60(1
C-room fiat *cn Taylor st .*.« 250
10 rooms; paying- transient house 4afl
60 rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 2600
13 rooms on Third st .".....; 600
J» rooms on Powell st 95C
15 rooms; Just furnished 1 3000
*i rooms; fine corner; clears $200..'. 5500
24 rooms oa Geary St.; clears $160 1900
28 rooms on Kearny st.; clears $150 1600
I SELL AND EXCHANGE
BUSINESS PLACES, CITY AND
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE— WHAT HAVE
YOU TO OFFER?
40 rooms; boarding house 4000
K-room country hotel »00
SS rooms on Market st. 1400
12 rooms on Post; in payments.. EjO
14 rooms on Taylor st.; see it 600
12 rooms; clears $75 Ll5S2
600 OTHERS-PRICES FROM $100 TO..$25,000
I PELL AND EXCHANGE CITY AND
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE AND BUSINESS
PLACES— WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER.
i JO^) Market Et.. opp. Fifth; Phone Mint 796.
MONEY loaned on lodging-houses. 1H P. o.;
anything vou want in lodging-houses; s'mpls:
6 rooms on Turk st rent $27.. Price... $300
7 rooms on Larkln st..'...rent $40., Price... $450
10 rooms on Taylor st rent $40.. Price... $550
12 rooms on O'Farrell st-.rent $50.. Price... $550
12 rooms on Mason st rent $35. .Price... $350
15 rooms on O'Farrell at. .rent $65.. Price... $750
16 rooms on Turk st rent 165.. Price... $S00
IS rooms on Howard St.. ..rent $25.. Price... $750
17 rooms on Taylor st rent $80..Prlce...$1475
is rooms on Taylor st rent $75.. Price... $1250
S4 rooms on Leav. st rent $125.. Prioe.. .$1900
57 rooms on Powell st rent 1175. .Price.. .$1900
44 rooms on Market st...rent $175.. Price. ..$2400
More money wanted to loan on lodging-
houses on 1-3 value at 1 per cent up;
: jrMt-edge security: no expense to lender.
For quick vales list your houses with X. L.
WILLEY. 916 Market St.; phone Black 5216.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market; by Call bldg.
10 rooms, new fur.: new carpets; furnished 3
months: rent $27 60: best residence part.... $1000
11 rooms; rent $40; good carpet3; good fur.;
good location; owner leaving city $550
79 rooms; respectable; clears $1SO to $190.. $2600
14 rooms: rent $55; good location: can be
bought cheap enough to be refurnished.
15 rooms; respectable; rent $65: residence.. $1000
24 rooms; good fur; good carpets; best loca-
tion; clears $133 per month: extra $2000
40 rooms; elegant; rent $150; fine $4500
62 rooms: rent $135; good: pays well $3000
60 ROOMS; newly furnished; rent J150 13000
43 rooms; apartment; rent $120; price — 3000
;* rooms; money-maker; near Market.... 1900
12 rooms; Market; «ro«d location 1000
V) room?: Van Ness: finely furn.; extra... 950
IS rooms; Eddy; Just tut; only 9oO
23 rooms; Market; elegantly furnished... 1S50
V< rooms: I-eavenworth; rent $57 50 900
10 roorr.s. $<^0; 10 rooms, quick 310
20 looms; detached: handsome yard, with
drive to bam and leaee $10 month, leaving
rent only $65 month; clears J100 month: spe-
cial snap. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market, :
17 rooms; cheap rent; only $650
21 rooms: rent $60; must sell... 1000
13 rooms: part cash 700
46 rooms; corner; rent $60 1100
1<jO rooms; men only: .see it — 1000
SS ROOMS; »outh of Market... $650
17 rooms;" rent $50; ....av.. 5^0
& rooms . .;..,!.*..-«. •'^••. ••••••.••.. 300
17 roorr.s;:wn Kddy., ....; ; . »00
See large list of other bargains at office.
EMERY & CO.. 3 Edily St.
$4C-TO)DGING-KOi:SE to rent: Nos. 16 and 18
Steuart. near Market: 1J rooms; well planned
and newly fitted up; money for the occupant
at once. 'TUTTLE. C30 Market «t.
BOARDING i lodging hcuse: 40 rooms; doing
fine bar trade: cheap; eold on account of sick-
ness. PATTERSON. 11 City Hall square,
LARGEST list lodging-houses; good bargains;
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD,
rms. 1-2. 917 Market St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice In all affairs of lif«. law-
euits. divorces, deaths; unites the separated:
n-.tninsT a specialty: cirs. Sun.. Wed.. Frl.ev's;
come and be convinced. Permanently located
US Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
C. V. MILLER materializing eeanc© to-night.
8 p. m.. SOc. 10S4 Bush St., nr. Leavenworth.
MlfE. TOUNG'S test circle to-night, 605 Mc-
Allister; 10c: prophecies for 1901.
MRS. HARLAND'S New Year's te*t circle to-
night; articles; sealed let. read; 10c. 148 6th.
C. Mayo-Steers. 112vi Oak. trance medium;
readings. »l; hours, 1-5 p. m. : tel. Howard 627.
EARLE. 305 Taylor St.. corner Ellis— Sittings
daily; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and oard reader. 148 Eddy et.
FR'ENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer, sittings daily; teets to all to-night; 10c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
C. Mayo-Steers. 112*4 Oak. trance medium;
readings. $1: hours. 1-5 p. tn.: tel. Howard £27.
~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. K. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Market
st., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for pamphlet
with 6pecial terms. Daily and Sunday.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; 15 years' experience; her Vnowledge of the
unseen forces is invaluable to professional and
business men. to wives and lovers: follow her
advice and you will make no mistake. 1104
Market 'st.. corner Ma.son. room 2S.
A— Mrs. Dr. Saylor, queen of clairvoyants and
palmists; important advice on mining specula-
tion, business, law; evil Influence removed;
fee SOc. mall $1. 1511H Market, opp. Van Ness.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles SOc;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. BERNARD reads life fluently; advice
given in all affair* of life; satisfaction guar-
anteed: 2Sc up. 17 Third St.. next Examiner.
IEMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, opp.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
BORROW on diamonds; secrecy; private en-
trance; private rooms. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past,
present, future; 25c. 148 filxth St., room 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrist, palm-
1ft and card reading. 25c. 1241VJ Market St.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant and
water reader. 11 Sixth st; German spoken.
MRS. BROWN, scientific card reader; readings
daily. 109 Fifth St.. room 2.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S^ Jessie st.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. 1» the great palm-
ist and card rearder; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25a 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M. DTJVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny et., rooms 8-10. ,
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
a«1v1c-e: r.nme* dven: 23ctid. B Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing "Works. 23-257 Teharna st.': tel. South 40.'
STANDARD. 313 Guerrero— Curtains and blan-
kets renovated. 25c per pair; carpets cleaned,
3c yd: laying a specialty. Phone Mission 108.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at Sc.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carp»t-Beatlng and* Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 594. GEO. WALCOXI. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 233 Golden
Gata ave. : telephone East 126. .
CARRIAGCS i AXD WAGONS. '.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for rale cheap. 632 Mission.
FOR SALE— Fruit wagon and harness, $30.
NEUMILLER. 19 City Hall ave.
CHIROPODISTS^ ~
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains: calnlejw cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION. OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
leyw -succefsful. Roon 330. 927 Market St.
/ DENTISTS. .. *'"•«..
ATthe EL*ECT^b"i)ENT^'^fNIC, V Jtm''.Ma^
ket at., cor. 4th. rra. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our 1 specialty; gold crowns.
$> to up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 19 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 3
y. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M. P., Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent ror 30 days on all
'Plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 year*; crowns, $3 10; fillings, tOc; plates,
{5. full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth St. .
EIGHT prizes for . best crowns, . plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or mi ings by my won-
derful secret, rainless method; 20 years' ex-
perience; no student*; advice free;: prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at.
PARIS Dental Parlor. Z2$ Kearny. cor.. Bush—
Full ect of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market «t., corner Sixth.
' DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. SOc; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to 969
Mission st, cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, EOc.
MODERN DENTAL PARLORS, 1206 Market
St.; expert extracting, crown and bridgework.
A. L. SIMPSON, P. D. 8.
SET 6f teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk <t.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
lng, pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
EVENING sr^\~BtJSrNE^S COL-
LEGE 1228 Market St.; individual Instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL students I but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St. '
AYRES 1 Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening: $S per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and ehorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past 6 months: catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.—
shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
• ehorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post St..
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tiens guaranteed to it • by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 305 Lftrkln st.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
t.-hool for the university, law and n.fdical col-
leses: reference*. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ATTENTION!— Tarr's pupils thorough book-
keeping figures; short time; college graduates
perfected; expert accounting. 220 Parrott bid.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from tr to $1000. at UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant ave.
FRENCHMAN will rive lessons: violin and
conversation. ANTOINE. 304 Stockton, r. S.
VISITING governess: English branches, piano
and bookkeeping: SOc a lesson. Box 747. Call.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. minlng,mech..sur-'
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN. SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mail; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
TEACHERS' Agcy. A.McNiell,Mgr..r. 31. Flood
bldg. ; high school, grammar, private teachers.
MR. and MRS. D. MANSFIELD, music etudlo,
violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1838 Eddy et.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION: night class. 424 Pine St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment con-
tractor; estab. over 10 years; all kinds help.
421 Post st., near Powell; telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est.
1S70: practical recommend: try them; removed
to 419 Devlsadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 526 O'Fajrell St.; tel. Hyde 219L
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
r.ese help. 426Powell. nr. Butter; teL Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411VJ O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED — FEMALE.
NORTH German nurse, middle aged, wishes
situation; <!are of children; assist with up-
etalrs work; plain sewing; speaks German
correctly* best reference; fare returned. A.
B., 1702 Devlsadero St.. Postofflce.
ELDERLY lady wishes a position as working
housekeeper or cook in a good family where
other help is kept. Address S. E. C. 1037V4
Market st.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a position.
to c»re for a child or Invalid: Is a competent
nurse; reference. Box 921, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation as
working housekeeper for gentleman or wid-
ower; with references. MISS COLLINS, 905V4
Valencia St.
A NEAT young lady wishes a position as
cashier In restaurant or bakery or lady's
maid. 4 Vernon place, off Hawthorne st,, be-
tween Folsom and Harrison.
BORROW money of the respectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket-200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night. $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlsementB and
subscriptions has been established at 1099
Valencia St.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 1C pages, sent to any address In thn
United States or Canada one year for $1,
r>o*taee paid.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
SITUATION wanted by competent male steno-
grapher, aged 26, with one year's experience;
understands bookkeeping: moderate salary;
recommendations. Box 915. Call office.
A GOOD, steady cook wants position; club or
mess preferred. J. Sweetman, 417 Bush st.
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady
position. Address H. KIEHL, New Atlantic
Hotel, 207 Montgomery ave.
WANTED— A gentleman of address and busi-
ness experience desires a. position; amount
salary not Important. Box 902, Call office.
YOUNG man would "like to take care of
chicken ranch; understands Incubation thor-
oughly; 5 years' experience. Box 914, Call.
STEAJJY man with good references wants sit-
uation on private country place* as coachman
and general worker. Box 804, Call office.
A GOOD cook wants a situation in hotel, res-
taurant or boarding house. 62 Second, rm. 17.
BY a middle-aged, sober man, situation a&
watchman, porter or work In store: -bonds
and references furnished. 1 M.. 1096 Valencia.
SITUATION by young colored man ' aa
waiter or porter; will call. Box S07, Call.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant ave. ' ¦ ¦ .. ¦ -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. EUbscriptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt. .
~ FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and .renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st.
FLATS TO LET.
A SUNNY flat: 4 rooms and bath; good condi-
tion; $14. 39 Langton St.. near Seventh.
A SUNNY upper flat of 4 rooms; good condi-
tion; $10. - 118 P?rry at., near Third. ¦, ..- .•
DALE pi., 12,.cff Oolden Gate ave., bet. Leav-
enworth and Hyde sts. — * rms.; no children.
ELEGANT upper flat, 7 rooms and bath; rea-
sonable. 12» Fair Oaks, near Twenty-third.
IF you want to move get printed list fiats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
SHIPLEY. 291. near Sixth— Flat of B rooms and
bath; gas; nice yard; $11. -
UPPER flat 5 sunny, rooms; gas; cellar; rent
reasonable. 710H Clementina 8t.
$11 50— UPPER flat 4 rooms; lower flat $9 50.
129 Ivy ave., corner Van Ness/ nr.- Hayes st.
$7— 4-ROOM flats on Victor St.; oft Errant, bet.
Tth and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
$16 — UPPER-sunny 4-room flat. 72B Laskle St.,
off Mission, near Ninth; no children.
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED.
FLAT 5 rms.; newly furnished; bath; $20 a mo.;
1L6 Hawthorne, nr. Folsom & 3d; no children.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
, 5 T ~~ . —^^. —
"A GREAT SNAP." - •.'.'¦
Six-room flat. 802 Devisadero st:; rent '$30; •
brand ¦ new; mahogany mantels,: gaa, grates,'
porcelain tub, electric lights, porcelain v sink,
Tennessee marble ' washstand; furniture ' for
sale; -mahogany and golden oak furniture:
metal r beds, Axminster- parlor -• carpet, :• round
dining- table, pictures. "Apply . 1- to 3, or(ad-
dresa Oxford, box 810,. Call orHce.' , •
4 "ROOMS furnished "in oak $48 40, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., J127-llii .Market.
FUHNITUIIE WANTED.
i CHAS.' LEVY buys" your furniture,' carpets.
I . pianos, etc , 1115 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
TO receive highest value for fur., carpets, etc.,
see W. E. CODY. 757 Mission, tel. Red 3353.
| A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st.. pays highest
; price lor second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
. Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk691i
: furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
HELP WANTED FE3IALE.
' C. R, HANSEN & CO.... Phone Grant 185
i- HOTEL DEPARTMENT....
J ¦ 8 waitresses, Fresno. .$20, to go to-day; 15
1 waltreeses, different commercial hotels, $20
and $22 50; 4 waitresses, south, $20, free fare;
S waltresaea, city, $20; 8 chambermaids to
wait, $20; fancy ironer. Southern California.
$35 and found, special rates...
FAMILY DEPARTMENT....
, House girl, Sonora, $30, .2 In family, see party
hero; Catholic woman aa housekeeper tor 2
men and child, $12, city; German houseglrl,
Kureka, $25. see party here, free fare; others.
C. R. HANSEN * CO.. 104 Geary st.
NURSE, Institution, J20; woman with a child
to assist, $15. same place. . C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary at. .,
A— HOTEL Gazette, 26 Montgomery St., room
12. Head waitress, $25; chambermaids, $20.
THREE experienced waitresses at Interna-*
tlonal Hotel. 824 Kearny St.; wages $20 and
found.
GOOD waitress;- respectable restaurant; want-
ed atonce^^A^pjyLAN^&CO^ses^Market.
WANTED— Two girls to handle type. PACI-
FIC STATES TYPE FOUNDRY. 508 Clay St.
300 HANDS to take work home, on ladles'
underwear, waists and wrappers. 723 Market
.St.. room 35.
OPERATORS wanted, to work in factory on
waists and underwear. 723 Market et., rm. 16.
HANDS wanted to sew by hand. 723 Market
St., room 36. ' |
HANDS wanted on automatic machine. 723 ,
Market St., room 35.
WANTED— Refined lady solicitors: those hav-
ing had experience in life insurance pre-
l'erred. 203 Montgomery st.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter; state" ex-
perience and salary' desired, and give refer-
ences. Box 913, Call.
WANTED — A girl to do housework, with two
in family. 141>4 Krle. .
GIRLS wanted. National Laundry Co., 411 San-
ch«*a Bt.
GIRLS to sew. 27'4 Fourth st.
GERMAN or American girl for housework;
plain cooking; 2 In family. Call 607 Polk st.
GOOD elderly woman wanted; call early; good
home. 5B0 Mission St. .
GIRLS wanted at the St. Nicholas Laundry.
Seventeenth St., bet. Folsom and Harrison.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
• painting's: secrecy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant av.
GIRL; general housework and cooking. Call
Monday morning bet. 9 and 12 at 2321 Scott st
WANTED— One housekeeper, country; woman
:¦.' cook, country, $30; 8 house girls, $15 and $20;
woman nurse, country- Plaza Employment
Office, 626 I St.. Sacramentoj Cal.
WANTED— Woman with reference, as working
housekeeper. Box 90S. Call office.
SEWING Machine operators wanted at LctI
Straucs & Co.'s overall factory, JJVi Fremont
•t. Apply to MR. DAVIS-
THREE or four young ladles of good address;
salary and commission. CURTIS PUBLISH-
ING COMPANY, 69 Columbian building, city.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10K
Valencia st. ' •
A-WE WISH YOU ALL A HAPPY
AND PROSPEROUS NEW YEAR
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY......
MURRAY & READY Phone Main E848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
CARPENTERS... Read this... CARPENTERS
4 carpenters, bridge end trestle work for a
large company $70 and found
Carpenter for 'an Institution $40 and found
OTHER MECHANICAL HELP..
Blacksmith helper. » $35 and found
Blacksmith, country bhop
Cabinetmaker, steady place, city
6 carpenters, different places.. $2 50 and 13 day
TO THE GOLD. SILVER & OTHER MINES.
15 iaboii'is. no experience required.. (34 and fd
2 laborers, same mine, south {52 60
4 tingle-hand miners $C0
5 coal miners, California
FARMS, DAIRIES, ETC....
Farmer and wife, south $40 and found
6 farm hands....' S20 to 130 and found
3 roilkc-rs and chortmon for dairy ranch
...; $20 to $30 and found
2 boys to learn foundry trades $6 ;week
7 choremen and boy* $10 to $26 and found
6 laborers, no experience, city $175 duy
FARE PAID
10 tiemakers, tools and provisions furnished
and ; Fare paid
CO woodchoppers for all parts of California...
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL AND BAKERY DEPT
First baker, country shop $15 week
Second-hand baker, same shop .'*10 week
6 first, second and ch!rd hand bakers
$14 week, $35 and $30 and found
Experienced bakery waKon driver.. $25 and Id
6 cooks $:i f » and $40 and found
2 waiters. French restaurant $40 and found
2 waiters, same country hotel
Dishwasher for. a mine
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay'at.
A 50 Coal Miners....^
50 Coal Miners
60 Coal Miners..
For Gallup, New Mexico
Large vein; 70 cents a ton
Free Fare .'...Free Fare Free Fare
. ..See superintendent in our office to-day..
Married and single miners
• Call, phone, wire or write for Information.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A CORRESPONDENT familiar with Eastern
and Coast trade. In dried and canned fruit*.
salmon and general line of provisions; salary
to. commence with $125. C. R. HANSBN &.
CO.. 104 Geary st.
A FIRST-CLASS head waiter; must be a
thoroughly competent man, one who has been
in business for -himself preferred; $100. Ap-
ply, C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN &. CO.... Phone Grant 1S3
RAILROAD WORK
20 teamsters, railroad work $2 a day
For State of Nevada .....Free Fare
25 laborers for Company's work. Surf
.'. $1.75 a dav
Free Fare .-..Free Fare Free Fare
10 tunnelmen, big tunnel. Chatsworth Park
.' $2. a day
Free Fare Free Fare Free Fare
2 more miners, asphalt mine....... ...$2 r day
Coachman and gardener, private place.
country •¦•• $30
HOTEL • DEPARTMENT '
Second cook .ISO
Head waiter $100
'3 French and'Itallan waiters.., $11 week
2 waiters, country hotels <¦ $30
Colored waiter, country club.'.......... $35
Colored waiter, country hotel ..$23
i Polisher and starcher, country laundry $fi0
C. R. HANSEN &.CO., 104 Geary Bt.
A-WANTED......
Gardener and' .milk 2 cowb/ private place,
'. country. $25 and found. W. D. EWER &
..CO.. 610 Clay- St. . .
A— HOTEL Gazette. "26 Montgomery st,"- room
12— Bellboy; 10 dishwashers, $20; head waiter.
$40; waiter. $25. . ¦¦' ' .'
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
i free employ, bureau ;¦ only recog. union bar-
' bers. 116 Turk;, tel. Folsom 15S3. I. Less, sec.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
; ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th;- tel. Jessie 152.
HOW TO OBTAIN
A COMPETENCY IN THE
• -BUSINESS OF LIFE INSURANCE.
Address JNO. I. D. BRISTOL.
No. 1' Madison Avenue,'
New York City.
A GOOD steady: barber wanted at 1780 Seventh
St.. West -Oakland; to a good workman a
steady place. . ' . l .
BOY wanted to keep books and " collect." Ad-
dress Plumber, box 911, Call office.
EXPERIENCED knife cutter. 723 Market St.,
.¦¦¦ room 25. ¦•¦...- ; . "
WANTED— High-class solicitors. 105 Montgom-
ery^st. , . ¦ ¦ ,-y ¦ ¦ -. -,-.. .: '.:,: .-: :¦.. -. . . -¦'
GOOD type caster wanted. Pacific States Type
. Foundry,' 608 Clay st. : . ..; - ' ¦_.
WANTED— A ' cabinetmaker. WALTZ- SAFE
AND LOCK CO., 100-111 Market st.,;S. F. . .
WANTED— A man : to cook > for *" 4 or 5;. men;
. wages $10 a month. ; Call B00 Halght st.
WANTED — Two machinists to go to country;
fare $1. Address box 947. Call ortice. :.-
FIRST-CLASS barber shop; central: Market stT;
* 4 chairs; newly furnished: increaHing trade; a
bargain on account going East.'^Bojc 917, Call.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 609 Larkln; * barber
« Bhop.'. ,.."..••¦.- \:: ':':'¦. ¦.' :: \V'.\ . .- ¦¦.¦-:>¦.'.;.'..'• ¦.,
."ANY. amount to loan on your diamonds: low
Interest. -UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.- v J
HELP WANTED—MALE.
BARBER wanted to buy 6-chalr barber shop;
. running 4 chairs steady; best. location in city;
price $350. Address box 903. Call office.
BOY to make himself, useful about house. Box
840. Call office. u- r-
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to EOc. 662 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third.. et.: loO large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GOOD day cook In a restaurant. 1759H Mission
street.
WANTED— Foreman cake ¦ baker. 966 Seventh
tt.. bet Myrtle and Filbert, Oakland.
AGENT to introduce best thing' on the coast.
Address Dundee Mfg. Co.. 14 Flood bldg.. S.F.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, - 930 Howard st.
PENSIONS— J. .H. Shepard & Co., old reliable
firm. S06 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard st.,
S. F. Barber 'School^ V,
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Stauart.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade complete
from elx to eight weeks; tools donated; w«
have the only barber college in Southern Cali-
fornia: no side issue; special discount; don't
be misguided by flowery catalogue or photo-
graphs; we 'can give you references from all
parts of coast. GORDON Barber College, Los
Angeles. r . '¦
WANTED— Recrultn for the Marine Corps, U.
S. Navy, able bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
1*S8 than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
1 Inch in height; able to read, write and;
speak English. For further Information ap-
ply at ths Marine Recruiting Oir.ce. 40 Ellis
st., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— A man who Is or has been an en-
Klneer or conductor on the S. P. R. R. ; must
be a good mixer; a splendid opportunity for
/^the right man; must be industrious and am-
¦ bltlous ; if in doubt address or call upun the
Syndicate Company, 5 Market ?t.
MKN wanted to learn barber trade: only eight
weeks required: position guaranteed: special
inducements: catalogue free. HOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
BARBER'S good-payinz C-chalr shop; central
location: old established place: a bargain.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 662 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d its.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus «nd bagKHse to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlee. 2200 Flllmore st.
A ERANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
HEMORRHOIDS.
ANT case of Piles, Piles. Piles,, Plies; over 200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
FOR SALE. .VI
A perfectly matched team of royally bred
horses, both of th» Electioneer family, 6 and 7
years old next spring, 16 hands 3 Inches high,
beautiful dark bays, with no white; sound and
gentle, having 'no bad manners: neither has a
blemish; a better or more stylish team cannot
be found in California.. Can be seen at CAR-
SIDY'S, corner of Point Lobos and Twentieth
aves., city; will be sold at a reasonable price
and guaranteed.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN Sc DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^PR^NTE^XlST^H^u^e9^to~IeJ^end^f^clr^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOJSTD— Strictly reliable: teaches
hypnotism in five lessons for So. 997 Market at.
INVALID CHAIRS ASD T1UC\CLJSS.
SOLD and rented; manfr. of the Eames tricyol*
ehiilr. EAMFS Tr1ovol» rvv »'fin Marfc-t •'
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST — Diamond locket and fob, with the
Initials i>. F. Suitable reward will be paid
or. returning same to MEYER BROS.. 7 and
9 Battery su
LOST— Saturday evening, December 19, a gold
ring set with a pearl r.nd rubles. Finder will
return to HARRY C L1SS. northeast corner
Sixth and Hryant sis. ; reward.
LOST — Greyhound bitch 3 months old, light
brlndle. white neck and forehead, white tip
on right hlpf Suitable reward 813B .Valencia.
LOST — A .heavy black overcoat, with velvet
collar, oh Sixth st., Sunday night. Return to
137 Perry st. ; reward.
SMALL yellow bitch; answers Mamie; collar,
white bow. Please return 9 Page st., reward.
LOST — Fur boa. Saturday night. Van Ness,
Sutter. MOS Van Ness ave.; liberal reward.
LOST— I-iarge SL Bernard dog: brown and
white. Reward at 1732 Washington st.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Lean Society of Pan Francisco, in the
name of JOHN MURRAY. No. 236-12SS. The
finder will please return to bank.
$25 REWARD for return of gray horse, about
14 hands high, weigh* about 1400 pounds. 215
San Jose road, bet. t> and 7 mile house.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MARY J. McCONAHT. No. 172-1403.
• The finder will please return to bank.
ANY old thine: also diamonds, sealskins; money
on them: private entrance: perfect secrecy.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave. \
CHEAPF.ST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, is pages, sent to .any address in the
United States, postpaid, for tl per year.
MEDICAL.
Dlt. O. W. O'DONNELL, moved to 1018 Market,
opp. Eth; world-renowned ladles' specialist;
ES>fe. reliable; practiced in San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be ued at home; consultation
free. After all others fail call on him.
MKS. Dlt. KOHL. 397 Mirket St.. cor. Sixth-
Safe and reliable ladies' physician; treatment
15; positive cure guaranteed; when others fail
consult, free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
MUS. DR. WKETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES, 122S Market-Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed; ladles treated can return same
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; atamps cir.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1007% Market, expert on dia-
eases of women; 15 years' practice in S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of ca»es; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladtes spe-
clallst; safe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fail consult free.
LADIES' Home Remedy Co.. 212. Bills st. Pri-
vate diseases of women: satisfaction guaran-
teed or money refunded: sanatorium.
DR. WISE, the ladles', specialist. 1118 Market st.
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. S23 Kearny at.; call and see me.
MRS. DR. OWYER. ladles' specialist: home
for patients. Mi Eddy st. ;
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
advice free. 7(14 Sacramento St.. near Kearny.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
VALUABLE 'gold 'mines 'and patents for sale.
Rooms 475-6. Parrott bldg. ; 10-12 m. 1-3 p. m.
...SIISCELLANEO17S— FOR • SALE.
EOILERS. Engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IXTQSH & WOLPMAN, 135-197 Fremont st.
BAKS. -back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters, |
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand; I
1 32 complete outfits on one, floor, ready made; I
we, can .'ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission st..
: above Sixth; -write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and price. !
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 409. California!
'St.-; rentals, new machines, $3 per month. ;
A— BUYS,* sells : or * rents " gear machinery, en- J
glnes," boilers, water pipes, ' shafting pulleys, !
etc. WHITELAW. T16 Spear st. I
SOME nice furniture for sale very reasonable. |
• Call S'to 9 a.m. and "to 8 p. m., at 1S40 .'
Sutter et. : ¦ no dealers. > ' !
A— 100-HORSEPOWER engine, boiler, two-drill-
. air, compressors. JAREMNE'S..22O Fremont st. j
FOR >: sale— Pet deer: cheap. - : Box 908. Call •
- office. >".;'¦:¦ .. ¦, . ¦¦¦¦:' . , •¦ . ¦. I
GAS engine, one horsepower.' J7.1; can be seen
V: at • work. v- Shirt Btor". 53T> .Valencia st.
CA NARY * bird* s choice ' songsters. . 1377 Minna
"'.st..*- near Fifteenth. ". .
CHEAP— Aermotor windmill and two tanks. F. !
O. . box : 214, San Rafael. „ '
2D-II AND ' steam. ' gas, oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and eold. White. 516 Mission. .
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BLUE gum piles for sale. Apply PAUL KEY-
BER. 206 Clay »t. . • ¦ . _
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROOH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burglar
proof safe. 214 California st. ¦
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECIC. 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all slses. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOLS WAA'TS.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 934 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1131.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash.- H LT
WIHTEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
MOXE V" I'O LOA.V.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
- < Second Mortgages
Interest in Estates
Undivided Interest In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 650 Market.
A— MONEY to lean at rates which pecple can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
> publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market et.
ANY amount at G per cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing buslneis else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. i.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
, in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor.
Chronicle buUdlng. HALLO RAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY' respectable, private place to, cbtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est ratee. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
St.; tel. Main 16<4. -Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture, pianos, no removal, or any other
security; quick;' lowest rate; easy terms: no
brokerage: private, reliable parties. 1170 Mar-
ket St.. room 6S.
A— $500,000 «n city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
eials. J. BROWNSTONE, 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 13 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, eta ;
no removal, no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
J100.WO TO loan oa diamonds, watches", silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant ave.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
{100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
lew rate. Ilom»'Bldg. Co., 222 Sansome. nn. 2.
CA£H loaned on salaries; New York plan.
THE TOTTSLET CO., 321 Parrott bldg.
8% cn furniture and pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room £1. 6 Eddy st.
LOANS. -1st or 2d mtgs. ; city.country: fi%; undi-
vided ints. ; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott bid.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott build-
ing.; men can secure loans on personal notes.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
ON furniture and pianos: no removal; con-
fidential; on diamonds, etc. 33 Taylor st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bid.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A CHEAT clearing up sale; all 1900 styles 23
per cent discount. Net bargains for holidays:
Guild $3§
Emerson 1*3
Fisher $$3
Decker $135
Btelnway upright, slightly used $li>
Chickerlng S21S
Hallett & Davis 1475
Heine HS5
Rent allowed; Installments. S* down. }( per
month up: open evenings. HEINE PIANO
CO.. 117 Geary st.
BEAUTIFUL Chlckering upright; cost *475.
now |27a. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
ANY person having usa for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
eaniest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege jlven ta exchange medium and low-
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights cold for f< cash and
$R per month. We offer to sell some K<»-.d
pianos for S3. U and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Keamy and Sutter «ts.. San Francisco:
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak-
land.
NOW Is your chance to buy a 1 good piano fur a
small sum of money; $00, $75. $1CO, $15C. anv
price you want. Now. what do you want?
Call on us and get It. MAUVAIS'. 769 Maiket
FOR the fir«t 15 days of 1901 we are going to
sell our pianoa and all kinds of musical soeds
at special reductions, with an extra discount
for cash purchases; make money by saving It
at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous-9
west of Chlcaco Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 28.
18 and JO O" Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer. *
A BIG sale of pianos now going on; all pianos
at reduced prices; fine large one, $133; num-
ber on time limited; agency Chlckering. Ma-
con & Hamlin, Vose. Sterling, etc. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 18 O'Farrell St.; open even-
ings.
3-PEDAL upright piano: sacrifice: party going
East. 419 Van Ness ave., near McAllister st.
PliSpNO: great bargain: must be sold before
Tuesday; $145. 1259 Mission st. '
A CLEANING out sale of pianos in storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Speilman pianos. SOS Post.
SPECIAL sale — Immense reductions: see our
leader, only $150. BRjJENN. 208 Post st.
THREE-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain;
-owner leaving city. 2133 Mission st.
GREAT many bargains in "nd-hand uprights:
small installments. Hornung. 21G McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & other». W. B. ALLEN A CO.. 314 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rlshts at your own price. Shonlpger agency.
BEST rent stock in city:' new pianos, $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 580 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMIT7.. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The- Weekly
Call. 16 rnges, sent 1 to any address In the
• Vnltefi rtxteii nr Canada one year for ti.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO=LET.
$20— NOS. 92S. 830 Harrison St.. near Sixth: llr-
Inc-roomB attached: good business, blcrttc
TUTTLE. 633 Market St. •
$45— STORE. 1<? Steuart st., near Market: ready
this week: fine business location. TUTTLE.
630 Market St. ] '
MONTGOMERY/. 621— Hepth 130 ft. : suitable- fop
machine, carpenter shop. : wholesale or mnfg.
oil!
HOW to get 'rich — Buy these bargains: 10W
shares Bear State oil stock, sacrificed:' 500
' shares Sunset, only $30; 100 shares. $10. 935
Market 8t., room 8. '
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 350 Pine street.
MEMBER. PRODUCERS'. OIL EXCHANOE.
' ---•-.,¦ Country correspondence solicited. 9
35CO ACRES oil land. strMlv in oil belt. SG to $GPO
per acre. WM. C. HAMILTON. Flood bid., r. 8.
OIL LAXDS FOR SALE.
KERN River: proven territory; line of R. R.
Newton. Carmen & Somes, r. 104. Chronicle.
PAINTKIC ASD DECORATOR.
Wall paper, window shades: rooms papered. $3
•-• up. Jensen & Bath. SOS Sixth st.: open evening*.
H. JEROME FOSSELLt.- scientific palmist. 5>3
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: lei. Black 561.
PROF. HAIGHT. Palmist— Readings this week
only for 2.'C 1916 Market St.. S. F.
PATENTS AND .. l»iiNSlO>X.
AI)VlCE"*fre»: no charge unless successful.
GEO. t>. CAMFRELU Lawyer. K»«>mlniT big
PERSONALS, i '/
OWEN McCABE. Importer, dealer in feathers:
hair mattress and pillow manufactory; old
feathers renovated and purified: all feathers
told warranted" well dressed with my patent
steam renovator. S70 Mission, tel. Jessie 1114.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. . Popu-
lar. Price Hatters. .330 Kearny. St.. near Pine.
PERSONALS. I
TC7JNO mechanic wishes the aeqnltntance et
' a good girl about IS years old; ollsct matrt-
mony. Box 920. Call office. I
FIRM changing hands wants place for invalu-
able woman employe: speaks Spanish. •J™ 9
Gcnnan~ reliable, genteel. Box 810. j Call of Bee. •
XS OR 13000 to loan on diamonds, sealskin;. •11-
verware. a.11 valuable. UNCLE MARK* 9 - u
Grant ave. __| .
NOTICE— I. W. D. Knight, will ;»ot b« v-
Bponsible for any debts contracted by BT
wl>. Ida Mar Knight, after thla (fate.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOW3. tel. 733.
made to crder, renovated; honest worftr. ffoar-
anteed; feathers antl hair cleansed : ftne t»pnoi-
stery; goods carefully packed for shipment oe
storage. HOPKE BROS.. 31S and fiO U- 1 * >u
FLECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. nea-1 Market: 700 to;mJ.
2Sc to $1 50 per night: ? L 50 to *S per w< **«-
free 'bus and baggage t and from the terry.
IF ALBERT ELSEY CA IVER. who was re-
siding in and near \a couvef British Co-
lumliia. during the yeo s .S9l to 1S3J. and
afterward In California, and viaa j? 8 *, 11 '*,™
of In Sonora. Calaveras ounty.] n t-aliforola.
about June. 1S3«. will ipp - -b the u^-r-
slcncd he will hear of oni- ihl g to nis aa-
vantageV WKLLS & B ND * licltors. Not-
tingham. Eng. .
Superfluous hair removed wit el CttWMflgW
electric roller facial tcj tm nt *or rt n««*'
all branches taught. Miss I ttcfo 1U9 Sutter.
FINE suits. $10: dress iant« ¦ JC£i MI3FIT
CLOTHING gARLORS} 43TtfMcht*omery tt.
WHITE enamel iron beds. «ln i^TH-Jf*:^""
or double J2 23. EASTER . [OlTFITTlNa
CO.. mO-J312 Stockton St.. erfrl Broadway.
HAIR positively grown on bali rtftds by purely
vegetable compound: absolute proof. Call or
address DR. O. S. MOORE. 4S3 Geary St.. S.F.
SUITS to order on installments; S13 upward: Jl
a week. LEON LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. ______
YOUNG business man wants lady partner with
means; object matrimony. Bo* 3313. CalL
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
lng Co.. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 19
years' experience. J. B. RAY. &7 Jessie St.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Ita natural color: »: at all druggists.
MASQUERADE oostutnes. play bocks, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c: all druggists. ¦ _
PHYSICIA.\S .AND SUIXGEOXS.^
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and reaidene*.
1021H Market St.. betw-en Sixth ar.d Seventh.
— . — — *
PARALYSIS, rheumatism, asthma effectually
cured. DR. J. II. REEVE. "6'j Keamy st.
REAL ESTATE CIT V— -FOR SALE-
TO arthlteots. real estate agents and owners-
Opening announcement. I will open Jan. 4.
1301. a carpenters' Jobbing shop at 57 Eeala
St.; all crdcrs ' Intrusted to me will receiv»
prompt attention; estimates furnished. m
JAMES C. .MURRAY. _;
HOUSE and lot for sail at a sacrlnce: account
of departure. 1625 1'ost St.
$700 — 4-ROOM sunny cottage; « years old: near
Dernal Primary School. Inquire Flelhop's
grocery, 213 Cortland ave.
IF you have property north of the Parlc and
you wleh to sell qniokly. then call on W. J.
GUNK. 530 California st.
$4C0 CASH: J2M0 remain; store and flat; rented
t32; Pacific at. Box 9:S. Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1« pages, sent to any address In th«
United States, postpaid, for n per year.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
A CHRISTMAS gift of »10.0OO; $3 for $1; don"t
be such a fool aa to doubt without Investiga-
tion; Just think of it, only J35 per acre for a
lovely tract of 100 acres, the finest land oa
earth; almost adjoining the depot and steamer
landing of Napa City; all highly cultivated
lsvel loam: 20 acres perfect garden land:
living creek forms one boundary; includes
crop, now looking fine, worth »130O; easy
terms: must be sold before New Year's; tak>
my advice and buy this on speculation or
for lovely home; it's worth and will sooa
bring *200 p«r acre. N. T>. SICKLES.
The LAND AGENT. « Geary St.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st» *
Circulars- free of Farms In all the counties.
Also city and country exchange list.
ACCURATE knowledge, each of the S00O ranch.
es on my sale and exchange list— more than
all other agents In city; state what" • wanted.
X. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary »t.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$170*)— SEE this new «-room cott.og* c8r''a 130-
fout street: street work all d,ne: right at
Ashby station: high basement; fine mantel;
$3k) cash, balance $17 p*r month. W. C.
MORAN. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
ji;00— NEW cottage of 5 rooms and bath; larg»
lot- on sunny side of street; 2 blocks to cars;
11C0 cash, balance J13 per month: all sewered.
W. C. MORAN.
J3T.C0— New 8-room house with fine mantel, gas
fixtures., sideboard, etc.: bank loaned J3CC0 on
this place; 5 minutes' walk to university: S
bloc!;3 to local train; lot 50x135; cement
walks all around place: only $5C0 cash, bal-
ance same as rent. $40 per month.
W. C. MORAN. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
$4.'0O— WITHIN 2 blocks of university; In the
¦*ery besf part at beautiful Berkeley.
New house of 9 rooms and bath; thoroughly
modern in every respect; fine corner lot;
splendid view.
KaOO— 2-story hcuse of 7 rooms and bath;
near station: street work all done: a bargain.
Apply to MASON & McLENATHAN. ad-
Jolnlng P. O-. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND -REAL ESTATE.
HOo'cASh"*" 50 monthly till paid for; cottage
of 5 rooms and bath; large bam. chlclcen-
houso and run; fruit trees and shrubbery; a
nice cozy home In the right spot. bein<
healtHful: 2 fine lots. 130 feet deep; picket
fence- city water and sewer; near a model
scboolhouse and electric cars; nice neighbor-
hood; sandy'loam soil; view something grand:
away from cold winds and fog; adjoining
East Oakland; call or send for circular for
cheap lots or acreage. 453 Seventh St.. Oak-
land Broadway station. Carriage free. U.
Z. JONEg. owner.
I2M0-CO5T LATE OWNER K0O0.
Pair of fiats; S rooms and bath each; Market
st. station. Oakland; being 12 per cent per
annum on Investment; first come, first merved;
must be sold at once. J. S. MYERS & CO..
1C02 Broadway.
jlSOO— WORTH $3000: Harrison st.. fronting City
Park; 3 blocks to Broadway; 2 blocks to
schools and local station, etc. : neighborhood
the best: « rooms, bath and basement; fur-
nished and ready for occupancy; Ui-ms J*
desired; mast be seen to be appreciated;
positively must b* sold this week; flr« come. .
first served. J. S. MYEKS & CO.. 1003 Broad-
way. - .
$6000— ACTUAL COST JSCOO.
House, 3 rooms; corner lot: plate glass win-
dows, 4 blocks from Broadway and 3 block*
to narrow and broad gauge local stations; In
the finest neighborhood; open plumbing; th«
latest ideas in architectural construction. J.
S "MYERS & CO., 1002 Broadway.
OFFICE OPEN JANUARY 1. NEW YEAR'3
DAY.
•S50 A SMALL home of 4 rooms and bath; nrait
be rt>Irt: SSth st.. near Telegraph a-»e. : KiIA
A. J. SNYPER «: CO.. P.eal Estate. 487 NIntij
St.. Oakltnd. Cal. ,_
«7q0— 4 ROOMS: 23x100: must be sold. A. J.
SN'YDKR A CO.. 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The "Weekly CaH.
1$ paces. In wrapper, for raaillnr. Jl per year.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
I AN introduction to you from H. Sehellhaas. tha
i furniture dealer. Hth and Franklin. Oakland.
" ROOMS_FOR JHOL'SJBKEEPixC.
i BARTLETT. 414 — Three sunny housekeeping
I rooms; sink and bath.
BUSH, 1201— Large snn*y front room with gaa;
unfurnished. .
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622 — Sutte of rooms for
housekeeping: also & single room reasonable.
HOWARD. 827A— Suite housek**plns robms. 12.
HYDE. 403 — Sunny front parlor suite. $37; ratta
suitable for 3.\$3>: also basement suite. <!».
JACKSON. 93), near Masoa— Ftrnished larga
sunny housekeeping rooms. $7 to ti; single. }4.
NATOMA. 701— Sunny housekeeping rooms for '
man and wife..
OAK. 11»— 2 sunny rooms, furnished for heavy
housekeeping: yard: $11.
O'FARRELL. 745— Nicely furnished sunny par-
lors; k»5. bath and 'phone; light housekeep-
ing: other rooms.
POWELL. '415%— 3 unfurnished rooms for house.
keeping. • -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10M
Valencia rt.
CLASSIFIED advertlsemen's and subscriptions
received a* Call branch offlc*. 2200 Fillmore st.Exciting Moment for the Shorts Who
Bid Hid High", but Are Unable
to Purchase.
DUL.UTH, Minn.. Decl 31.— The Decem
ber -tixseed deal In the December market
went out to-day and it was an exciting
moment for the shorts. With less than
a total of 10,000 bushels to deliver, they
bid the price to $1 82^i without gettiny
any.
E. C. Warner of ..Minneapolis Is the man
who held the corner. He began to ac
cumulate the December option In this
market early in September. During the
progress of the deal he has bought about
65.0(10 bushels and within the last five days
1ih has put the price to $1 82'A from f 1 65.
This morning about 40,000 bushels settled
at $170. The amount not delivered must
be bought in by tb^fe clearing-house Wed
nesday morning. /
WARNER HAS .CLOSE
CORNER IN FLAXSEED
Maxim, -who was born in. Maine and who
is" the inventor of the automatic system
of firearms. He is knighted.
Sir Alfred Mllner... the administrator of
South Africa, is made a Knight of the
Grand Cross of the Bath; Colonel Kltson,
formerly commanding at Kingston Col
lege, and Lieutenant Colonel Irwin. sec
retary of .the Canadian Patriotic Fund,
are made Companions of the Order of St.
Michael and St. George, and Sir Samuel
Griffith is made a Privy Councilor.
In addition there is a long list of Aus
tralians, prominent in the federation, who
have received minor honors.
Colonel Jekyll, secretary of the British
commission at the Paris exposition, is
made a Knight Commander of St. .Michael
and St. George; CliveBingham, an attache
of the Peking legation, and C. W. Camp
bell, Vice- Consul at Shanghai, who both
served with Vice Admiral Seymour's relief
column, are made Companions of St. Mi
chael and St. George, as are several other
British Consuls in China.
No Peers arc created, and only a few
persons are made Baronets or Knights.
On the whole. It Is an uninteresting list
with the exception of the foregoing.
Edmund Bartol, former Attorney Gen
eral of New South Wales, is also made a
Privy Councilor.
MAXIM'S NAME IS
ON THE HONOR LIST
Inventor of the Automatic System of
. Firearms Is Knighted, in. Great
Britain.
LONDON, Dec. 31.— The. New Year's
honor list includes the name of Hiram S.
This afternoon a dispatch waa received
In Napa conveying the news of the death
of Samuel E. Holden at Dr. Burk's Sani
tarium at Altruria. ' Mr. Holden was a
native of New Hampshire, aged &5 years.
He had been a resident of .Napa for a
quarter of a century.- He was president
of the Sawyer Tanning Company, the
Napa City Water Company and the Napa
Woolen Mills Company and also a director
of the Bank of Napa. He Is . the last of
three partners that have for. years con
ducted the Sawyer Tannery, Messrs. Nor
ton and Manasse having passed away be
fore him. Mr. Holden was elected twice
as a member of the Board of City Coun
cllmen for Napa under tho new charter,
but resigned nearly two years ago on ac
count cf ill health: He was a prominent
Methodist. For years' he was a trustee
of Napa College and the University of
the Pacific. H© was a strong believer In
Republican principles and In all of the
political campaigns except the last he
took an active part. ¦ -, „ t ? '
NAPA. Dec SI.— Napa la mourning the
death of two of her citizens. Attorney
Charles J. Beerstecher passed away at
the Napa Sanitarium this mornlnjar after
an Illness of eleven we«ks. ; He was a na
tive of. Germany, aged 49 years. In the
early '70s Mr, Beerstecher served as
United States Commissioner for the West
ern District of Michigan. : Later he came
to California and in 1S78 he was elected
a delegate to the Constitutional Conven
tion from San Francisco. He had an abso
lute majority of all votes polled, although
there were five tickets In the field. A
few years after he was elected Railroad
Commissioner. Fifteen years -ago Mr.
Beerstecher settled In this valley. The
Superior Court to-day adjourned out of
respect -to his memory and a committee
was appointed to draft a set of resolu
tions. : <V:':J; '¦-¦
Special Dispatch to The Call
Charles J. Beersteoher; and
/Samuel E.Holden Die ¦
With the Century, v
PASSING OF TWO
NAPA RESIDENTS
* Captain Von Helms of the stmr Mexico re
ports that the work on the Manzanlllo break
water In progreMing very favorably, consider
ing the delays caused by no n -arrival of ma
chinery and locomotives so essential for expe
ditious work. Still Colonel Kdgar K Smooth ts
satisfied that be will be able to finish his work
In time and he has ¦ t w everything In shape
for rapid handling f * ;he material necessary.
The Mexico delivered «dere machinery that laid
in San Francisco since October.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 31. 10 p m— Weather
clear: wind north: velocity < miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT REYES— Passed Deo H. at 10:20 a m—
Stmr Matteawan, from Port Los Angela*, for
Tacoma. ¦• - i»ft»>«g»%fi ,«« •uwujijbjm M'i^iiiiu^ip
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 30— Schr Ha Mc-
Kay,, from Eureka; schr Occidental, . from Eu
reka.
Arrived Dec 31— Schr R W Bartlett. from New
Whatcom. . - .
1 -EUREKA— Arrived Dec 31— Stmr San Pedro.
: hence - Dec ». .
Sailed Dec 31— Stmr Pomona and schr Free
; .Trade, for Sen Francisco.
CltESCENT CITT— Sailed Dec 31— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco. •..,-.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 30— Stmr Nome City,
hence Dec 27. ;
I -Sailed Dec . 30— Sehr Fred E Sander, for fan
Pedro. ¦ ¦ . .!¦•¦-,...
ASTORIA— Arrived Dee 30— Stmr South Port
land, hence Dec 27.
'Arrived Dec 31— Br. stmr Kaisow. from Shim
oneski; stmr Despatch, hence Dec =27; stmr
Geo W Elder," hence Dec 23; stmr Alliance, hnc
rm 'i «j''»i'"H>ji"w>^»"'iiii^w"Mai»ji i -
.Sailed Dec 31— Br nhio Ardencraig, and Fr
bark Gen Mllllnet.'for Queenstown.
MEMORANDUM.
LONDON. Dec 29— Br ship King Edward,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco, has an
chored in Downes with loss of sailor, having
b(*?n driven back by heavy weather.
Wreckage from ill-fated Br ship Primrose
Hill has washed ashore near Holyhead; also
tome of cargo. Vessel broke in two.
Dec -2S, 55 miles north — Ship with mlzzen
mast and some sails carried away: from Car
diff for Santa Rosalia, Br ship Plnmore.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SAILED.
Monday, December 31.
Stmr Lakme. Schage, ——: -
Stmr Ralnlar. Hansen. Seattle.
Stmr Iaqua, Bash. Eureka.
Stmr Alcatraz, ¦.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pederaon. Chemalnus.
Schr Stanley, Schmaltz. Kahulul.
SPOKEN.
Nor stmr Titanla, Egenes, Naoalmo; John
Rosenf eld's Sons.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Chemalnus; R
Dunsmulr Sons Co.
Schr Julia B Whalen, Errmtt. Apia.
8chr Stanley, Schmalz, Kahulul; Alexander
& Baldwin.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, Ctiemalnus; R
Dunsmuir Sons Co.
Monday, December 31.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall. Victoria, etc; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Bonita, Norander, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Queen. Thomas. San Dlero; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Schr Mary E Russ, Wlkender. 5ft hours from
Coos Bay.
Schr Alelancthon. Olsen, 4 days from Coos
Bay. . ' ,.-
Schr Newark, Beck, 14 hours from Bowens
Lending:.
CLEARED.
ARRIVED.
Monday, December 31.
Stmr Lakme, Schagre, 26 hours from Eureka;
bound south; put in to land passengers..
Stmr Navarro, Peterson, 12 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Stmr Columbia. Doran, 52% hours from Port
land, via Astoria 41Vi houra.
Stmr Iaqua, Bash. 60 houra from San Di»r°.
5 Stmr Peru, Plllsbury, M days 15 hours from
Panama and way ports.
U S stmr Grant, Schiller, 30 days 9 hours
from Manila, via Hongkong 2S days t hours,
via Nagasaki 18 days 8 hours. .
Mex stmr Mexico, Von Heims, ( days 19 hour*
from Manzanlllo and way ports.
Nor stmr Horda, Svendsen, 19 days from Mo
roran.
Ship Dashing Wave, Lancaster. It days from
Tacoma, via Port Angeles 7 days.
Bark Ijevt G Burgess, Younggren, 5 day» from
Tacoma.
Schr Webfoot, Mercer, i days from Grays
Harbor. *
Schr Corinthian. Korth, 4 days from Coquille
River. .
fog signals, Pacific Coast. 1300. page 40. No.
191 (list of beacons and buoys, Pacific Coast,
1900, pare 80). • \
SEMIAHMQO POST LIGHT. :
On December 29 the three-pile dolphin from
which this fixed red light was displayed was
carried away, and will b« replaced as early
as practicable, until which time the light will
be displayed from the cannery wharf at Sem
la-hmoo.
The following affects the list of beacons and
buoys. Pacific Coast, 1900:
WILLAPA BAY, MAIN CHANNEL ACROSS
THE BAR AND UP THE WILLAFA
RIVER. ¦¦:-¦ :.¦--.
Wlllapa Bay, outside bar whistling buoy
(pages 61 and 83)— This black and white per
pendicularly striped second class whistling
buoy, marked "Willapa Bay" in white, is re
ported. December 23. as having gone adrift.
Willapa. Bay. outer buoy (pages 61 and «3>—
This black and white perpendicularly striped
first class can buoy, marked "W B" In white,
is reported, December 23, as hiring tons
adrift.
Willapa. Bay. channel to Oysterrllle (page
6<D — Oystervllle channel buoy No. 4, a red. sec
ond class nan, is reported, December 24, as
having gone adrift.
The foregoing buoys will be replaced u early
as It la practicable to do so.
By order of the United Etatea Llg-ht-fcous*
Board. W. P. DAT,
Commander U. S. N 1 ., Light-house Inspector.
Office of United States Light-house Inspec
tor, Portland Oregon, December 29, 1900.
SWAN ISLAND UPPER POST LIGHT.
WILLAMETTE RIVER. OREGON.
Notice Is hereby given that on December 21
the three-pile beacon from which this fixed
red light was shown, on the east side of th»
channel near entrance to dry dock at Alblna,
Oregon, .was carried away and the light ex
tinguished. / The < beacon and light will be re
established as soon as practicable.
This notice affects the list of lights and fog
signals. Pacific Coast. 1900, No. 131. page 30;
also the list of beacons and buoys. Paclflo
Coast. 1900, page 60.
By order of the Light-house Board.
— W. P. DAT,
Commander U. S. N.. Light-house Inspector.
Office of United States Light-bouse Inspec
tor, Portland, Oregon, December 2S. 1900.
Shipping Intelligence.
Notice to Mariners.
; ; Notice; Is v hereby Kivpn of the' following
change* .'. In 'the aids to -navigation ' in 'this
district.
i The following affects the list of light* and
: LONDON, : Dec.L 31.— In the inquest <- on
the bodies " of; the victims of the British
bark Primrose Hill, Captain Hill, from
Liverpool ;." December 23,- '; for- Victoria,
which sank . near HolyJiead December
28, the Coroner's jury added a rider to
the verdict of accidental death.T to "the
effect • that * the ¦ vessel ¦: was ; undermanned,'
having too many apprentices. . •
,, Primrose 'Hill. Undermanned.
Tug El Salvador in a Storm.
SAN DIEGO. Deo. 5!1.— The tug El Sal
vador, which left San Francisco Inst Wed
nesday, having in tow a barge for Aca
pulco. arrived here, this: morning some
what disabled." On her way south she ex
perienced terribly rough weather, hut the
little boat' weathered the storm r in good
shape and the only 'damage suffered was
in her engine. <Th_» will be repaired here,
and in "a couple of days the tug ~ will be
ready to proceed on her voyage. She will
take on coal andgeneral provisions here.
Ijton de Bernard!, head of all the news,
boys on thi» front, banqueted "the gang"
at Lombardi's yesterday. There was a
right merry -time, and many a song and
speech was made that would have made
Its author famous ha.] it only been heard
from a public platform.
Bernard! is to' be married to-dav at St.
Francis Church to Miss Adele M. Thiel,
and It is safe to say. that every. newsboy
In town will be there to wish the newly
wed couple a century of happy new year*.
Newsboys Banqueted. '
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
meda will not .get away for Australasia
until Thursday at 2 p. m. She was to
have got away Wednesday next, but, ow
ing to the English-Australian mail being
behind time, the vessel has to be held to
await Its arrival. Captain Herrlman will
take the Alameda out on this occasion
and Captain Van Oterendorp of the Ala
meda will assume command of the' new
steamship Sonoma, Tho latter vessefls to
sail for the colonies on January 23. All
Captain Van Oterendorp's friends wero
congratulating him yesterday on his new
command. '-,' ,
Mail Steamer Delayed.
Brings Many "Passengers and Num
ber of Dead Bodies.
The United States transport Grant came,
in from Manila via Hongkong and Naga
saki yesterday. There were four deaths
during the trip and in consequence it was
after 8 p. m. before Dr. Kinyoun released
her.
Those who died during the run were:
December 6. Henry Cioncio, a member of
the band of the Forty-seventh Infantry:
December 15, Carl Miller, Company K,
Thirteenth Infantry; December 24. Henry
P. Miller, corporal Company _¦', Twenty
ninth Infantry, and December 26. John
McCall, chief cook of the transport.
Besides these remains the Grant brought
over 121 civilians, among whom are three
press correspondents, seventy-nine dis
charged men and forty-five prisoners. Tha
remains of 398 soldiers, besides thoseof the
ones who djed on the trip, were also
aboard. Th* transport came to an an
chorage oft Folsom-street wharf late last
evening and will probably dock to-day.
She was thirty days from Manila, twenty
five days thirteen hours from Hongkong
and eighteen days eight hours from Naga
saki, .v ",;
THE overdue fleet Is still arriving
and last night there was outside.
bound In, a fleet that has' been
plvlng- the owners some anxiety.
Strange to say, all the vessels had
remained under shelter until the storm
was over and all made remarkably quick
trips down the coast.
The Levt G. Burgess 1 came down from
Tacoma in five days, the W. F, Jewett i:t
two days from the Columbia River, tho
Antelope in three days from. Coqullle
River, the Roy Somers In six, days from
Port Hadlock, the Del Norte in three days
from Coquille River and the Westport in
thirty-six hours. '
Some of the incoming fleet report a
schooner bottom lip off the t Humboldt bar.
The captain of the Sacramento reported
the disaster yesterday and said he
thought it was the scnooner Conflanza
This was proved to be Impossible, how
ever, as the Conflanza did not leave the
Coquille River for San Francisco until
December 28, whereas the ' wreck was
sighted on December 23.
Shipping men have crave fears, how
ever, for the schooner Joseph and Henry,
which left here December 13 for the Co
nuillo River. She was in ballast and when
last seen was making heavy weather of.
It. She carried a complement of five ail
told— Captain Rasmussen, Mate Hansen
and three of a crew.
If the Joseph and Henry has gone, all
hands went down with her.
There is absolutely nothing however,
on which to base tha supposition that the
derelict Is the Joseph and Henry. She
left here on December 13 for Coquille Rlv
er.and while she was undoubtedly caught
in the gale, still she may have been driven
off shore and may be still safe.
On December 22 one of the Oregon tug-3
sighted a wreck, bottom up, seventy-flvo
miles west by north of Umpqua light.
On December 23, in almost the same.po
sition,- the schooner Sacramento passed
the same derelict and the captain so re
ported. On his description of the vessel"?
hull seafaring men base their opinion as
to the name of the craft and that is ail
that goes to prove that the derelict was
the Joseph and Henry. .
TRANSPORT GRANT ARRIVES.
PORT HADLOC-C—Safled Dee n—Stmr Ri
val, for San Francisco. ..•..•..• •¦,:¦•;. '•
EASTERN PORTS, ' / \'.-v- •¦'•'..
NEJW YORK— Sailed Dec: »-Stmr Michigan*
for Colon: Br Btmr GI»"iie_k; for Manila. ¦"¦--:-•':- «
PHILADELPHIA—Cleared Pee. _*-Stmr "Ven
tura, for San Francisco,. and passed Delawar*
Breakwater on tha 30th.: ': •". ¦ '.', '¦¦ .'-'.
FOREIGN PORTS. :'¦¦. ';,
MAZATLAJT—Arrived Efco 17— _er. bark _1I*
Nlcoll, from Hamburg. '.'••- ' • . •¦•••.
SAX BLAS-Salled Dec 22-rGer bar* Pro
fessor Koch, for Columbia River,
At a bay Just NW of Chamela— Sailed Deo
23 —Schr Gen Banning, for San Francisco.
CCXHATEX-Passrt Dec 27—Dutch s_1l>
N»Hlerlan<i. from Hamburg, for Santa Rooalta.
LONDON—Cleared Dec 14—Ger stmr Pentaur,
for San Francisco. .-'•>•
MANILA—Sailed Deo 10—Br ship Glooscap.
for Puset Sound.
CALLAO-Sailed Deo 24 —Oer «unr Saaqstris.
for San Francisco.
NAGASAKI—Sailed Deo tl—Br ttmr Port
Stephens, tor Seattle: ttmr Connemauxb. for
Ban Francisco: Aus stmr Frederic*, for Baa
Francisco; Br itmr Westminster, for San Fran
cisco.
¦1 OCEAN STEAMERS.
BREJ1EX—Sailed Deo 30-Stcr Koela. for
New York.
NEW YORK—Arrived Deo tl—Stmr Pretoria,
from Hamburz. - r . * •i.
Sailed Dec 81—Stmr Meeaba. for London.
LIVERPOOL—Arrived Deo 8V-fflmr Oeonio.
from N»w Tork.
Sailed Deo 81—Stmr Cevlc for New Tork.
NAGASAKI—Sailed Deo 2*—3tmr Port SUph
em. from Manila, for Seattle. '? s-•_',*¦•";
¦.' . .
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
SCHOONER SACRAMENTO STANDING BT THE "WRECK OF THE VESSEL. OFF TJMPQUA HARBOR IN ORDER TO
DISCOVER HER NAME. THERE WAS TOO HEAVY A SWELL, HOWEVER. AND THE NAME OF THE DER
ELICT IS STILL IN DOUBT. / : y .' v v • : ¦ : . : ¦
SHIPPING HEN BELIEVE
THE CAP5IZED VESSEL IS
THE JOSEPH AND HENRY
Wreck Was; Twice Sighted Off Umpqua About
Nine Days Ago and That Schooner Left
Here December 13 for Coquille River.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 1, 1901.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. 8. Jf.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.
December 30. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the n«w Ttrrr
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at •
o'clock p. m., Greenwich tlm«.
C. O. CAT.BTTXS.
. Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N.. la charge.
NOTE— -In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the l«ft
band column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence a* to time of
day, the third tltno column (fives the last tld*
of the day. except when them are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Surrey charts, except whan a
minus sign ( — ) precedes .tho height, and th«a
the number given Is -subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plan* of .reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey—
Times and Height* of High and tan
•Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Baa
Franclse» Bay. Published by official au
thority of th« Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at tea
city front (Mission-street wharfX about tweaty
flve minute* later than at Fort Point; th«
height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. JANUARY 1.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
11
Steamer.
From.
Due
Willamette.... Seattle ,.... Jan. 1
Coronado San Pedro ...Jan.. 1
City of PeMngr China -.and Japan; Jan. 1'
Pomona Hnmboldt. .............. Jan. 1'
Mexico Mexican Ports ........ Jan. 1
Arcata.. ....... Coos Bay Jan. t
Corona Newport I Jaa. 1
Umatllla Victoria & Pu?»t Sound Jan. 1
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. 1
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. t
Point Arena... Point" Arena Jan. 1
Santa Rosa.... San Dlegro Jan. S
Empire Coos Bay • Jan. t
Eureka Humboldt Jan. I
O. W. Elder... Portland .' .....Jin. 5
Nome City Seattle Jan. 5
Roanoke Seattle Jan. I
Eonlta {Newport Jan. i
Qneen iSan Diego Jan. 9
Newport I Panama & "Way Ports. Jan. T
State of Cal.. ! Victoria & Fu?-t Sound Jaa. 7
u. Dollar., urays iiarDor Jan. l. 3 pminer I
W. Kruger. Gray* Harbor Jan. 1. 13 m Pin- 13
Eureka Humboldt ...Jan. 1. 3 am Pier 1.1
Walla Wai. Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. lUtm Tier •
Bonlta Newport Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay.. Coquille R!v.. Jan. 1. 10 am Pier 1
Coronado... Grays Harbor Jan. 2. 5 pm Pier 1
Alameda. . . Sydney & Wy Jan. t. 9 pm Pier 7
Queen San Diego Jan. 2. 9 am Pier It
ExcelaVor" AIas - v - Seat - Jan - - l pmlOHWks
5amoa Humboldt ...Jan. I. 10 am Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt . . . Jan. 3. 9 am Pier 3
Columbia Ast'la & Ptld Jan. 3. 11 am Pier 34
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. i. 12 m Pier IS
Czarina Seat. & Tacm Jan. 3, 5 pm Pier J
Pomona.... Humboldt ...Jan. 3. 2 pm Pier »
Corona Newport {Jan. 4. t am Pier 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena..|Jan. 5. 3 pm Pier 3
Mexico Mexican PM. Jan. B. II mPier-
Emplre Coos Bay [Jan. 5*12 mPlerl.t
Rival WilUpa Har. Jan. 5. 5 pm Pier 2
Santa Ro«a San Diego.... Jan. «. 9 am Pier 11
Australia.. Tahiti Jan. ». 4 pm Pier •
Umatllla... Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. «. 11 am Pier 9
Curacao.... Mexican Pts. Jan. 7. 10 am Pier 11
City P«kl3i China & Jap. Jan. 8. 1 pm PM33
!un rl*e»
lun seta • ••••
loon »et»
T:»
>:0I
.3:SS a. m.
n Tlm« Time Time
f Ft Ft Ft
J» L W H W !• W
TT7. 1:» J.T 7:51 (.3 I:57r-fl.5
2 ... 3:30 t.S 8:41 6.4 3:49 -0.9
S ... 3:14 3.9 9:31 6 5 4:36—1.0
4 ... 4:04 3.0 10:21 6.5 5:17 —1.1
H W L. W H W
5 ... 0:24 5.0 4:54 2.9 11:08 (.3
C ... 1:05 I.I 6:43 2.9 11 : 45 (.0
7 ... 1:<S 5.2 *:37 2.6 12:40 5.«
Time
Ft.
H W
1040 4.4
10:51 4.1
11:40 4.S
il'vr
6:00 —1.0
6:+i— 0.T
7:30 — 0.3
Steamer.
From.
Due
Willamette.... Seattle ,.... Jan. 1
Coronado San Pedro ...Jan.. 1
City of PeMngr China -.and Japan; Jan. 1'
Pomona Hnmboldt. .............. Jan. 1'
Mexico Mexican Ports ........ Jan. 1
Arcata.. ....... Coos Bay Jan. t
Corona Newport I Jaa. 1
Umatllla Victoria & Pu?»t Sound Jan. 1
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. 1
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. t
Point Arena... Point" Arena Jan. 1
Santa Rosa.... San Dlegro Jan. S
Empire Coos Bay • Jan. t
Eureka Humboldt Jan. I
O. W. Elder... Portland .' .....Jin. 5
Nome City Seattle Jan. 5
Roanoke Seattle Jan. I
Eonlta {Newport Jan. i
Qneen iSan Diego Jan. 9
Newport I Panama & "Way Ports. Jan. T
State of Cal.. ! Victoria & Fu?-t Sound Jaa. 7
u. Dollar., urays iiarDor Jan. l. 3 pminer I
W. Kruger. Gray* Harbor Jan. 1. 13 m Pin- 13
Eureka Humboldt ...Jan. 1. 3 am Pier 1.1
Walla Wai. Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. lUtm Tier •
Bonlta Newport Jan. 1, 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay.. Coquille R!v.. Jan. 1. 10 am Pier 1
Coronado... Grays Harbor Jan. 2. 5 pm Pier 1
Alameda. . . Sydney & Wy Jan. t. 9 pm Pier 7
Queen San Diego Jan. 2. 9 am Pier It
ExcelaVor" AIas - v - Seat - Jan - - l pmlOHWks
5amoa Humboldt ...Jan. I. 10 am Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt . . . Jan. 3. 9 am Pier 3
Columbia Ast'la & Ptld Jan. 3. 11 am Pier 34
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. i. 12 m Pier IS
Czarina Seat. & Tacm Jan. 3, 5 pm Pier J
Pomona.... Humboldt ...Jan. 3. 2 pm Pier »
Corona Newport {Jan. 4. t am Pier 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena..|Jan. 5. 3 pm Pier 3
Mexico Mexican PM. Jan. B. II mPier-
Emplre Coos Bay [Jan. 5*12 mPlerl.t
Rival WilUpa Har. Jan. 5. 5 pm Pier 2
Santa Ro«a San Diego.... Jan. «. 9 am Pier 11
Australia.. Tahiti Jan. ». 4 pm Pier •
Umatllla... Vic & Pgt Sd Jan. «. 11 am Pier 9
Curacao.... Mexican Pts. Jan. 7. 10 am Pier 11
City P«kl3i China & Jap. Jan. 8. 1 pm PM33
!un rl*e»
lun seta • ••••
loon »et»
T:»
>:0I
.3:SS a. m.
n Tlm« Time Time
f Ft Ft Ft
J» L W H W !• W
TT7. 1:» J.T 7:51 (.3 I:57r-fl.5
2 ... 3:30 t.S 8:41 6.4 3:49 -0.9
S ... 3:14 3.9 9:31 6 5 4:36—1.0
4 ... 4:04 3.0 10:21 6.5 5:17 —1.1
H W L. W H W
5 ... 0:24 5.0 4:54 2.9 11:08 (.3
C ... 1:05 I.I 6:43 2.9 11 : 45 (.0
7 ... 1:<S 5.2 *:37 2.6 12:40 5.«
Time
Ft.
H W
1040 4.4
10:51 4.1
11:40 4.S
il'vr
6:00 —1.0
6:+i— 0.T
7:30 — 0.3
3ffAKBIAGE UCENBES.
The following marriage licenses w«r* Issued
yesterday:
Edwin G. Goggln, 27, Santa Rosa, ar.d Irene
Van Baarc-n. 19, Napa.
Albert G. Rlebellng, -2. 908 Pacific street, and
Cresenda Delgado, 45, 908 Pacific street.
George E. Eayles, 35. Marysville. and Ida
May Collins, 24, 816 McAllister street.
Frank W. Bancroft. 29, Berkeley, and ESea-
nor M. Stow, 26, Berkeley. .
Tfcaddeus J. K_l«arif. 26. 1007 s * Harrison
street, and Katie M. Tuohey, 2S. 100714 Harrt-
ron street.
Alban C. Bleily. 24, 206 Clement street, and
Charlotte G. McFaddin, 20. 1134 McAllister st.
John S. Delancey. 23. Oakland, and Isabelle
Macklnnon, 22. Oakland.
William H. Irwin, 27, city, and Harriet 8.
Hyde. 24, city.
iabez Banks. E9, Lakeport. and Levenla
Schuster. 29. Lakepcrt. >:i: vL.'i
John A. Harvey. 25, Uklah. and Anna B.
Gregory, 22, Ashland. Or.
George D. Zeile. 27. £38 Lombard street, and
I-abelle Shade. 22. 1111 Vallejo street.
Vincenzo Modena, 28. 1-4 Paclno street, and
Cat-Tina Pardlnl. 28. city.
Herbert W. Smith, a, Vallejo. and Orpha G.
Pride. 19, Vallejo.
George A. Weishar. £5. Vifalla. and L«lu R.
Magee, 19, 1029 Church etreet.
Joseph Farlaer. 38. 114 Padflo street, and
Manana L. Silva, ft). 114 Pacific street.
Herman Liehtenfeld. -2. Stockton, and Helen
Roeenbaum. 27. city.
George J. Robbins, 40. Twenty- first and K
streets, and Meta M. Froehlich, 26. Twenty-
first and K streets. ' _ .i r '
George E. 'French, fl. Alameda. and Mamie
B. Ghllieri, IS, Alameda.
Fred R. Fricker. 85. S31 Stevenson street, and
Bertha Vorel, 34. 611 Van Ne.s avenue.
John E. Gardner, 40, city, and Mary C. For-
dyce 33 citv.
Martin J. Connolly. 21, 875 EYrisom street, and
1T.nr.iiti F"-eney, IS. 343 Tehama street. „ .¦• ,-,
Edmund R. Rockwood, 63, 609 Van Ness ave-
nue end Eleanor II. Sefton. 61. Healdsburg.
George A. Day. 21. Vallejo. and Mattl. E.
Burton. 23. 7S! Harrison street.
Harrv S. Summers. 26, Sacramento, and
Ethelbert IViUElas. 22. city.
Ktr_lna_id F. Erdmann. 3S, Bakersfield, and
Maria I. Delgaflo. a. city.
James MacLeod, £2. _an Jose, and Ella Da-
kan. 29, Santa Crut.
Albert Cant-* 22. 261 Dore street, and May
Smith. 22. :€! 1 ore street.
BIRTHS— MABRIA6ES— DEATHS.
BO-US'.
BOUCHER-In this city, December it. 1900, to
the wife of Henry S. Boucher, a eon.
BOTTER— In Alameda, December 25. 1900, to
the wife of J. A. Boyter, a son.
CO-TROY— In this city. December 12, 1900. to
the wife of R. M. Conroy, a son.
FITZPATRICK— In this city. December 26, 1900.
to the wife of Thomas F. Fitzpatrick (nee
Donlon). a daughter.
GORHAM-In this city. December 12. 1X0, to
the wife of J. J. Gorbam, a son.
LOWELL—In this city, December 21. 1900, to
the wife of F. A. Lowell (nee Shattuck). a
daughter.
MAIUXG — In this city. December 22. 1900, t»
the wife cf F. E. Marinr, a daughter.
STAXTOX— In this city, November 27, 1900, to
the wife cf William P. Stanton. a son.
MAHRIED.
FARBER— GOLSTEIN— In this city. December
80. l?00, by the Kev. Dr. H. N. Schoenfeld,
Morris Forber and Louis Golsteln. both of
San Francisco.
LE_TMON— MATHESON— In this city, Decem-
ber II. ISOO. by the Rev. lid par J. Lion. D.D..
Dr. Charles F. Lemmon of Oakland and Isa-
bell E. Matheson of San Francisco.
PUGSLEY— SUTHERLAND-In this city, De-
¦ cember 29. WiH. by the Rev. E. II. Avery.
D.D.. Leonard D. Puggley of Ftort Benton,
Mont., and Alice May Sutherland.
RVAN-FOLSOM-In this city. December t.
l?00, at 6t. Mar>'s Cathedral, by the Rev.
Father PrendergaBt, John H. Ryan and Mary
Abigail Folsom. ¦ - " '•
_____
Butterfield, William Johnson. Oscar
Oalmers, John Kullman, Herman
Cassidy. Phlllo Lee. Charlotte
Citron. Abraham Longfellow, P-ter G.
Coughlin. Maud ¦ Loulzelle, Sarah
Cowan, Ewing Lynch, Arthur A.
Dayton, Helen F. McGowan, Patrick
Erickson. Leros McGuire. Mrs. Mary
Fitzgerald. Nicholas Pfarrer, Eleanor E.
Foster. Edgar M. Picasso. Frank
' Green. Thomas Rosman. Peter
Harrington. John P. Schenk. Annie
Harrison. George W. Scullion, John T.
Hegelund. Ida AV. C. Smyth. Clinton W.
Heler. John J. Sullivan. Mary
Herz-erg. Julia Thorn. Dorethea
Irwin. James
BUTTERFIELD— In this city. December 2?,
1905. William Butterfleld. twloved father of
Mrs. E. J. Dutton of Jolon. Monterey County,
Cal.. a native of Ohio, aged 57 years. ¦ .
CALMERS— In this city. December 30. 190O.
John Calmer-, a native of Belgium, aged D6 '
year- i months and. 29 days.
E7FriendB and acquaintance- are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
at 3 o'clock, from the parlors
of Julius S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CASSIDT— In this city, December 30, 1900.
PhillD, beloved eon of the late Mary and
Philip Cas-idy, and brother of Mrs. Mary
Halpin. the late Thomas, Joseph and Alice
Caesidy and Mrs. Annie Mehegan, a native
of San Francisco, aged SO years 10 months
and 20 days. ; *
tC-^Friends and acquaintance- are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister, Mrs.- Mary Halpin, 967 Harrison
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church for ser-
vices at 12:30 -o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CITRON— In this city. December 31. 1900. Abra-
ham Citron, beloved husband of -Ernstlne Cit-
ron, and father of Julia, Harry and Jessie
Citron, a native of Poland, aged 51 years 10
months and 36 days.
COTTGHLIN— In this city. December 30, 1900,
Maud, beloved and only child of Daniel and
Teresa Coughlin, a native of Marysvllle, Cal.,
ag*d 11 years 0 months and 8 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atfnd the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 2oA Silver etreet. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ;
COWAN— In Oakland. December 31. 1900. Ewlng
Cowan, father of five Fona and four daugh-
ters, a native of Louisiana, aged 79 years.
DAYTON— In this city. December 60, 1900,
Htlen Franklyn, beloved daughter of John
F. and I-plen Dayton, a native of San Jose,
ag*>d 1 year.
ERICKSON— In this city, December 80, 1900,
Leros Erickson, a native of Sweden, aged 77
years.
E-TFriends and acquaintances ,are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FITZGERALD— In this city. December 81. 1900.
Nicholas, beloved husband of the late Cath-
erine Fitzcerald, and father of John S., Ed-
ward, Nicholas and Joseph M. Fitzgerald, a
native of the city of Cork, Ireland, aged 67
years and 4 months.
B_rFriend_ and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Rose's Church for ser-
vices at 2:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. •
FOSTER— In Oakland. December 80, 1900, Edgar
M. 'Ned) Foster, beloved husband of Fannie
A. Foster, and father of Eddie Foster, a na-
tive of Missouri, aged '61 years.
C7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter &. White, 122 Eddy streets.
Interment Odd Fellewi' Cemetery.
GREEN— In this city,, December JO. 1900,
Thomas Green, a native of Ireland, aged 70
year*. •> ¦¦',-'.:
(E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to" attend the funeral to-morrow
<WednpRday). at 19 o'clock, from the Chapel
, of the Passion, attached to St. Mary's Hospi-
tal, where a solemn requiem man will be
eelebr_ted for the .repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by 10:40 o'clock train from Third
tnd Townsend -treets.
HARRINGTON— In this city, December SO, 1900,
. John P. Harrington, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 63 years.
(T?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully im-it«*d to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Wed_fwlsy). at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlorB of Hunker * I^nnt. 2W»i Mlfslon rtreet,
l>»twe*>i- Twenty-second and Twenty-third,
• Ml-sion Masonic Temple. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ? '
HARRISON— In the City and County Hospital,
' December 31, l&oo, George W. Harrison, a na-
tive cf Kentucky, aged 67 years.
•HEGELUND— In Alameda. December 29, 1300.
.Ida W\ C. beloved wife of the late Jacob R.
Hegelund, and mother of Mrs. Serena E. Cox
and Harry R. Hegelund, a native of. Den-
mark, aged S5 years 4 months and 19 days.
• C7"Friend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend -the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the famlly.resi-
• dence. 3413 Buena Vista avenue, Alameda. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
HEIER— In this city,* December 31, 1900, John
J." Heler. a native of Germany, aged 45 years
A member of the Norddeutscher Vereln.
EXNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
tho parlors of Theo. Dierks, 957 Mission
etreet.
J_ERZBE-tG— In Martinez. Cal., December 81.
• ISOO, Julia, beloved wife of Martin Herzberg,
mother of Therese and Joseph Herzberjr and
Mrs. Meyer Abrahams, and Sister of Mrs. Jt
Joel, a native of Westphalia, Germany, aged
• £3 years and 6 'months. (New York papers
please copy.)
KTNotice of funeral hereafter.
IRWIN— In Uklah,. ¦ Cal., December 31, 1900,
James Irwin, fathei* of Mrs. Emma F. Guer-
rero and Washington Irwin, a native of Ire-
land, agred 75 years.
CyFriends are respectfully Invited to -at-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
• ¦ DANIEL. P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 10 o'clock,, at his late residence, . 819
' Oak street. Interment private, Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
JOHNSON— In the City and County Hospital,
December 81, 1900, Oscar Johnson, a native of
Finland, aired 37 years. -
KULLMAN— In this city, December SO, 1900,
Herman, beloved husband of Amalla Kull-
man, and father of Jacob and Herbert Kull-
rr.an, Mrs. Alphonse Judis, Mrs. Jacob Adler
and Mrs. Edward Salz. a native of Ungstein,
Germany, aged 69 years 7 months and 12 days.
(Stockton and Benicla papers please- copy.)
E7"Frie_ds and acquaintances "are respect-
fully Invited to attend th» funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2109 Broadway. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by special train from Third
and Townsend streets at 11 o'clock. Kindly
omit flowers.
LRB-In this city, December 31, 1900. Charlotte
Lee, beloved mother of Benjamin F. Lee, and
daughter of Mm. _"l.'>ma_ Keane. a native of
New York, aged 44 years and 7 months.
lt_^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the reit-
deno. of her mother, Mrs. Thomas Keane. 1902
Stockton street. Interment private, in Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
LONGFELLOW— At Mare Island. December 30.
1900, Peter O., beloved son of Henry 1* Long-
fellow, and brother of Henry A. Longfellow,
a native of Ban Francisco, aged 25 years 1
month and 16 days.
LOUIZE____>-In this city, December 30, 1900,
Sarah Louitelle (nee Keenan), beloved mother
of Mrs. J. J. Collins, Mrs. Louise Meyer and
Mrs. Sadie Morton, a native of County Ty-
rone, Ireland, aged 74 years 6 - months and 6
days. (Winsted, Conn., papers please copy.)
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. J. J. Collins, 103-
Howard street, thenoe to St. Patrick's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repoee of her soul at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LYNCH-In this city. December 29, 1900, at his
residence, 26A Silver street, Arthur Ambrose
Lynch, beloved son of John and Abbie Lynch,
and dearly beloved brother of Joseph. Mar-
guerite and the laje Walter and Mabel Lynch,
a native of San Francisco, aged 21 years 10
months and 16 days. .
•J_rFriend_ and acQuaintancea are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 26A Silver street, thence to St. Rose's
Church for services at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, . • -'
McGOWAN— In this city. December 30. 1900,
Patrick, beloved husband of Kate J. llc-
Gowan, and father of Mrs. George M. Jewett
and Henry H. MeGowan, a native of Ireland,
aged 74 years 9 months and 16 days. (St.
Louis, Mo., and Marysvllle and Sacramento,
Cal.. papers please copy.)
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 88 Chenery Etreet, thence to St. Paul's
Church, Twenty-ninth and Church streets,
Interment National Cemetery.
McGUIRE — An anniversary requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late Mrs-s Mary McGuire at All Hallows'
Church to-morrow (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock.
PFARREIt— In this city, December 30, 1900,
Bleanor Edith, dearly beloved daughter nf
Charles T. and Johanna Pfarrer, and grand-
daughter of Mrs. A. C. Muller. a native of
San Francisco, aged 7 months and 24 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintance, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesdav). at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. S514 Twenty-first street, corner
of Dolores. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by funeral car from Twenty-second and
Guerrero streets.
PICASSO— In this city, December 30. 1900,
Frank Picasso, dearly beloved Ktepson of Bar-
tolomeo Gatto, brother of William Picasso,
and stepbrother of Louis Gatto, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2S years and 3 months.
ICTFr-lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 326 Francisco street, between Powell
and Stockton. Interment New Italian Ceme-
etry. near Col ma.
ROSMAN— In this city. December 30, 1900.
Peter Rosman, a native of Denmark, aged 47
years. A member of Helga No. 8. Danla.
{r_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from Alcazar
Hall. 120 O'Farrell street, where funeral ser
vices will t>» held under the auspices of Helga
No. t. Dania. Cremation I. O. O. I*. Ceme-
tery. Remains at the parlors of II. P. Peter-
_en Si Co., 22S McAllister street.
ECHENK— In this city, December 31. 1900, An-
nie Schenk. beloved daughter of the late Al-
bert and Martha. Schenk. and sister of Wal-
ter. Lillian, Clara and E_tella Schenk. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2 years 4 months
and 26 da} 1 -.
SCITLLIOX— In this city. December 31. 1D00,
John Thomas, beloved and only child of
Charles and Sarah Scullion, a native of San
Francisco, aped 1 year 3 months and 27 days.
SMYTH— In this city, December 23, 1900. Clin-
ton W., eldest eon of J. Beverly and Mar-
garet F. Smyth, aged 13 years and 9 months.
SITLLIVAN— In this ' city, December 31. 1900,
Man', widow of tbe>, late Maurice Sullivan,
and "beloved mother of William. Dr. 'Maurice,
Nellie and Annl? Suliivan and Mrs. Robert
Finn, a native of County I^ongford, Ireland,
aged 73 years. (Mary-vllle papers please
oopy.)
CJTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
I Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late rest-
. dence, !*K> McAllister street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ners avenue, where
a requiem high 'mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her Foul, commencing- at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
THCM-ln this city, December 31, 1MO, Dore-
thea Thorn, wife rf the late James Thorn, and
sister of Mrs. Sarah Perry and the late Mrs.
W. 'II. Little, aged 54 years 4 months and 10
days.
G3r_*rlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence," 263 Perry street. Services at Good
Samaritan Church, Second street,- near
Folsom. at 2 o'clock. Interment Odd Fellows'
CARD OF THANKS.
To all who partiripat*'! at the funeral of my
mother. Mrs. Caroline Kltzen, I herewith ten-
der my slnrerpst thanks.
WILLIAM J. CHRIST EITZEN.
San Francltco, Dec. 81. 1900.
Special Sale
of Ladies'
Muslin Underwear
Our annual money-saving special sale of manu-
facturers' samples, and also the balance of our fall stock
of muslin underwear will take place commencing January
2nd, 1901. Upon this occasion you will find innumerable
bargains in corset covers, drawers, chemises, skirts and
gowns, well made. of good muslin and trimmed wiih lace:
Corset covers 10c 15c.-20c up- to $3.25 each.
Drawers 20c 25c 40c up to $3.25 each. .
: Chemises 40c SOc 60c up to $4.25 each.
Skirts 50c 60c 65c up to $8.00 each.
Gowns 60c 70c 75c up to $5.75 each.
Km bro ldery Sale
¦ In. order to make room for our spring Importation of
embroideries, we will place on sale to-morrow a large
quantity of last season's broken sets from 'four to ten
inches wide in aVvariety of beautiful patterns with-strong
washable edges, at the special price for all widths of - ¦.
lbbon Special
.• All silk chiffon taffeta ribbons, especially. adapted for*
neck ribbons, four and one-half inches wide in allshades at •
2 OC, a yard
Novelty neck bows tied free at the ribbon department.- '
Write for our illustrated catalogue/
129 K ear nySt reel; i
• ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Uninrn.
k AHLEOHX HOTEL. £21 Grant ave.— Best d.l-
I lar a day family hotel In -city; pollta attend-
r &nce; large rooms; modern conveniences;
:•"•-•.- I' ' up: first-class meals 2Sc; free coach.
U A— BRUNSWICK House. 1« Sixth— Rooms 3c
to Jl per r.irht: (1 26 to « per week, and light
housekeeping: open all night.
f BART__TT. 434— Four larg* completely fur-
r.irhed rwn;, lovrer floor; $25; fine house;
l_-te yard.
nURNETT. J426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nisr.ed rms., suite?, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. K0 (The Elk)— Nloely furnished ssnny
rrrjs; day, S5c up: wk., $1 60 up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
ET>VX. 207 — A email curny "'.r.p'.e room, with
CB.S. &; quiet house.
CEART. 40-<The Navarre)— Elegantly furn!s_ed
rme; _ultes or sinfrle; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission «t».— gunny rooms, en suite or
Elrjfle; la ::--f' f-arlor; rearting-room; elevator.
J.ARKIK. SIT 1^ — Newly fur_!.h"<l sunny rooms,
for centlemen or man and wife; reaeonable.
_.ARKTN. 10CI— €aany furnished front room;
p«_; bath; St. '
1.AS PALMAS. 1S23 Market Ft.— Suite or 3 or S
rrr.y; prt\-ate: bath: via. rms; board optional.
LEAV__Tv7ORTH. <1$-Lerge front eunny al-
cove f .:•"; modern; rent reasonable.
LEWIS place. IS— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms to let : sisgie^ or en suite.
MCALLISTER. ECS^-Large bay-window room,
ra_. bath. gr_te. V- _^_
MINNA 687. cor. Elrhth-NJcely f_rnl«hed
-_y-wln_ow roens. 31 per xreek; tranBlent.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market et.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $J a week up: S5c a o day up.
\ OTARRL'LL, 20— Sunny fi:rn:shed rooms and
» o_8r-e«; elevator; electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
4> . — . — — - —
FRRT, 174— Punr.y frcnt parlor, r.ieely Jur-
r.Ished; pultab'.e for J gentlemen; bath; rca-
f^r.ablf.
POLK. EI! — TTnfurnlshed tnd furnished rooms
tor housekeeping.
POLK. fl9— Elegantly furnished winny _ult
¦with bath.
IIOTAL House. U« Ellis si.— Incandeecw.t light;
r»ai!iEf-room. smoklnfr-rootn and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, rer nlpht. BSc to tl 60; week, $2 to
J?; month. SS to $30; elevator on rround floor;
roon_ with hot ar.<J cold water; baths.
ROi=_DAI._ House. -19 and S71 Ellis » :.— Rooms,
right. Sjc to tl: wef-k. tl a to $4; open night.
SACRAMENTO. lSKB— S rooms: stparate en-
trance; light at:d _ur_y; rent -7.
SHERMAN A:>RrtTner.t Ilouse. IS Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
-IXTU, USA— Frcr.t rooms, ¦ioable and single;
pas: runnir.jt water; ftrer-lacs.
STOCKTON. 7C1. corner C?>:iJora!a— Sunny front
rooms, single or «n -u!te.
-UTTER. Z20\i — Char.fp<1 hands; newly reno-
vated; .Ingle roonr... JS: eultes, tU to J25 mo.
PUTTER. - lCS~Twr> nicely furnlEhfd rooms
with all'taoaera conveniences: rer.t re»»onab>.
TTT?K, 1_6 — -"-¦'-T'.'.Fhed tunny rrnrt room eult-
eble for S.g^rTlemen or man ar.d wife.
VALE-TCIA,- <T1, Ti«>ar fixt-enth— Sunny front
room. Vltch"h ar.d bath.
VALENCIA.' *'l. -rir. 18th — Sunny front room;
eultable for two ireritlemen; private family.
A BRANCH c?_ce for Call advertisements an«
."bserlrtlons- has been established at 1036
Valencia ft.-
CLASSIFTEr* _^v*Ttls»rn»nt« and subscriptions
r*>?*!ved at Call branch office. Z_00 Flllmore Ft.
A PEEK'S new? for Be— Th- Weekly Call. 1«
rares. In rrranner. for malMr.fr. Jl per year.
BOOMS A>_» BOARD.
| AT t_e eld Etev-csoa man-Ion, opp. Grac»
t Cfcurcij. wlth.;annex 807 California et., may
V be found a tzoet exceptionally rood table, at-
tractiv ar.d r!rhtly room- at tnodeat rates.
¦ELLIS. K7-^_un_y boy-window room, with
board, t cr -iyo ' gyr.tlerosti.
SPl^CIAX, JfOTICES.
EAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 11, 1500-The eecrevary
of the Sen Francisco Prctettast Orphan Asy-
lum Society, e'.tuated ca Halpfct street, hereby
Irtves notice that the following orphan and
half-orr-an trirls arid bc>-» have been received
U the Jnstitutloa from July l. LSDO. to J_nu-
_rv l, _»oi: Julia Re*ee. 14 jts. 4 mos.; Annie
Hanlke, 6 yre 11 mo*.: Mary PeterEon. 11
j-rs. i mos..: Marj'.'P. Scott, 7 yrs. 6 mos.;
_l_rj- E. Cu«-.n_ln«rs. 4 yrs. 4 mos. : HlldaOlsen ;
I- jt». 10. mot. : An_i« E. Zwt_, c j-p«. 4 mos. : i
Herman Il&nlke. 6 yn. E moe. : Ran-
kln, 14 yrs. S .mos.: Charles A. Peterson, 9
yr-.. I men.; Hurb Cavanaugh. 7 yrs. 7 mos.;
Clar*_r_'.Cai_r._.iirh. «/»; William J. Scott,
- vrs. * not.; E_ward Ctunmlng-s. 8 yrs. 2
...•> ;'-CbxrI«» J. Z«_t_. Z >r_. 1 mo. ; Ixarold
F.. Elliot. V >t_. ; John H. Hansen. I yrs. 2
rcr>s. • Richard J. Nichold^on, 7 yrs. 4 mos.,
and ¦.Brewart H. EJllot, 6 jtb. 6 mos.
l,At>IE&^Chich-eter Enclish Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
¦ send 4c etaiEpe for particular-: "'Relief for
Ladles" la letter by return mail; at drug-
girt*. Cbichester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city «-¦ r country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Mirt-^rr.erv Ft., rooms. S-10: tel. SMO.
_ET\*I\G MACH.IXES AXD SUPPLIES.
A_L kinds bougrht, sol- and repairing: iruaran-
teed. Charles Plainbeck, 1913 Mission, nr. 13th.
ALL kinds bought, eold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.: phor.e Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, _c!d. rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: re<!u<-ed rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
SLOT MACUINES.
ELOT machine*— Latest style; »49 each. 1157
Market ft., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
STOItAGE AND WATtE-IOUSES.
* WILSON EROS., storage ar.d moving; covered
I varjs. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
EEKI^S Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1M>'': fhlrpir.g at cut rates. : ..-.
TyPEWIHTER- AXD SUPPLIES.
G RE AT_tAJR_AIN¥^N~T TpEwRITE !_tS^We
sell better machines for lees money lhan any
hou?« In the city; rentals, J3. The Typewriter
Exchange, US California; telephone Main 2CI.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
ilO Montgomery rt. ¦
DinDEXD NOTICES.
P-VTDENP NOTICE— California Safe Depoeit
end Trust Company, oorner California arid
Montgomery ftF. — For the _!x months ending
- , I*c»mbfr SI, lSno, <jj-. idends have been de-
dared on depc-lts 4n the «_vlng_ department
cf this compsoiy as fotlows: On term de-
' ' ; - s: _- at the rate of : €-10 per cent per an-
num, and on ordinary deposits at the rate of
S per ceist £ter annum, free, cf taxes, and pajr-
abl« cm and after Wednesday. January 2.'
..'1S01.. Dlvlflends uncalled for are added to tb«
rrtnllpaJ and "bear the same rate cf dividend
• (i ctt* principal from ard after January 2.
' !Pn. t ; 3. DaLZELL BKOWy, Manager.
EIVTDEND Nctlc»— The Giant Powder Com-
. M_sy. Con. A divl-tna, Ko. 25, cf seventy-
live cents '75c) r»r share on the Issued capital
• ; stock cf the company has _een dedcred. pay-
. ebie at the cfice cf the company. 430 Califor-
nia «tre*t,- Eaa Francr_co. oh January 10. J90L
. -_rtftr books (.Ice January 3. 1301, at noon.
- : A, A. SPARKS.
THE Continental Bulling and Ixmlt. Associa-
tion. 23 Banaorne st., has for the year end-
c ir^ Jiec-tnber -t 1SO0. declared a dividend of
_ I per cent per anr.utn en ordinary deposits
tnd .« per cent on terra deposits.
', WM CORBIN. .Becretary.
ZrrVIOENX* notice— Security 6a\-Jr.ps '. Bark. tSi
V T Montgomery «t.. Mills Jbulldlng>-For the half-
yrar endf eg December SI. ' 1900, dividends on
term deposits at the" rate of three and six-
tenth* <l«-;0) pr r rent |i<H-'ar.num. and on.or-
dina_r fiepoKlts 'at the r»te of three <2) per
,rent per *r.nu:n. lr<5» of taxec. will be pay-
able -on and Efter Jarraary J l 1JC1. '
« " S. L. AB3OT JR.. SegretaiT.
OFFICE of -The Jllwrnia Saving* and lyoati
B'xriety. cornw Market. Mr AlHFtrr and Jonet
rr*. Pan Fraiicisco, I>e. Zi. JS'a.-^-At a reg-
ular meeting of the Board of D'irectom of thin
Society, beld this day, a diviien. has _eea
. declared at the rate 6t\*tm* and one-eighth
* rtltS-) P«r c*nt rcr annum on all deposits for
ih« six menths endirij December SI, 1900, fre*
frcrn all tcxes, mi cayable or and after
January 2: I5>ol. % '. * - . .
ROBERT .T. TOBIN. Becretarys
EA.VZVOI and Lean = Society. 1C1 Montcomery
#t., corner «f Gutter— The Board of Directors
declared a dividend for the term ending De-
cember Si. isoo. at the rate ol thnse and one-
quarter <!^4) per cent per. annum ea all d«-
poelts. free of taxes, and t«yable on and after
January 2. IML _>lvlde_ds net called for are
added to. and bear th« earn* rate of dividend
a«. the principal, from and after January L
1SCL CTRUB W. CARMANY. Cashier.
I3IVIDI_ND NOTICE— Mutual Eavlngs Bank of
han Francisco. 2J Post rt.— For the half year
ending December 21*. 1900. a dividend has been
. declared at the rate tf three U) per cent p«r
ennum en all deposits, free 'of taxes, pay'-'
a t i -e on cr/j tff ,- W<-dnc_day. January 1. 1S0L
t GEORGI- A. t-TORY. Caehler.
'kUMBOLDT Eavinc* and Loao Society, It
\ Otary «t.— 7*he directors have declared a dlvi-
I «* ¦. r.-i of ZM per cent per annum . on Its de-
I x>«EJt_, j,h >•-»,> on and after January 2, 190L
to l ERNEST BRAND. Becretary.
/tlVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 112 (fltty
< * cert* per tbare) cf the Oceanlo . Eteamship
;. < empany will 1* payable at the of &c* of
i the company. 227 Market ft., en and after
f-^*iVe_ne.d«y. January 2. 1931. Transfer books
doe* on Wednesday, December ?t. 1800. at J
ko'cl&ck p. m. a H. SHELDON, S«cy.
••I I' !¦ 'I <M"M"-"H' ¦! I ¦:".¦-¦-•. l>+ M"_»
• • A great two-step by Eduard • •
II Strauss, the waltz king, will '\
j^ b« given free with next Sun- ••
•j* day's Call. This is a gem— do »'
£ not fail to get it. '.'.
m*'l'l"l I I'M I I '.fr.-M"M"M- IfrM-ISupervisors Meet and Adjourn.
The Board of Supervisors met yester
day, afternoon, 'but owing to lack of a
quorum the meeting adjourned until next
Monday at 2 p. m.
Claim for Carfare.
The City Attorney, filed an opinion with
the Board of Supervisors yesterday that
the*cloim of 'an employe of the Board ; of
Public Works for carfare expended while
on the city's business was legal, but that
it is within the. discretion of the board
to pay or reject such claim.
Broker Marcuse Fails.
Julian : Mark Marcuse, commission
broker, San Francisco, filed a petition! in
Insolvency yesterday in the United States
District Court. - His , liabilities are $30.
9G8 19 and -he has no assets. ", His principal
creditors are the Crocker-Woolworth Na
tional • Bank, $30,000, and S. ¦ Bachman ¦ &
Co., $19,6S6 69, both being Judgments oh
notes. ." j ffi_mt!Sr
Will Start To-Morrow.
The great challenge sale of the Patto
sien Company, in furniture and carpets
will start to-morrow.. Everybody should
be ready for this sale, wnich will be one
of -the -greatest "of the century. The Pat
tosieii Co., Sixteenth and. Mission sts. ?
Will Start To-Morro-w.
The great challenge sale of the Patto
slen in furniture and carpets
will start to-morrow. Everybody should
be ready for this sale, which will be one
of the greatest of the century. The Pat
tosien Co., Sixteenth and Mission sts, •
No Finer Quality of Champagne
is imported than that of G, H. Mumm'j
Extra Dry now coming to this country,
hence the enormous:, imports of 109,321
cases ¦ ln eleven months in ' 1901), or 72,109
cases more than any other brand. ; •
A Monster Sale.
To-morrow (Wednesday) morning begins
the monster dry-goods .clearance sale of
Livingston Brother's, 123 Post street. It
has'become a fixed policy with this"house
to semi-annually clear their store of all
broken lines in every department at un
usually attractive prices in order to make
room for the succeeding season. At this
time, in anticipation of the early arrival
of their spring stock, the firm Is announc
ing sweeping reductions throughout their
store. It is the business policy of Living
ston Bros, to carry over no goods from
one season to another, or to permit any
article to become In the slightest way
shopworn. While the advertising of this
sale will be very comprehensive, yet it
will not by any means include all the.: bar
gains to be found in each , department.
Livingston Bros., though a comparatively
young firm, has . shown- a remarkable
growth. Reliable merchandise, courteous
attention and prices as low as can be
made have served to place them in the
front rank r of San Francisco dry-goods
houses. : . . .-..-..
- John Crowey, alias John Garner, ap
peared before Judge Conlan yesterday on
a charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
By consent -the case was continued till
Saturday.
Shortly before 3 o'clock yesterday morn
ing "Billy" Abbott arid Crowey were
walking along Stockton street -an^ at
O'Farrell street met Joe Narvaez. Abbott
had a grudge against Narvaez and
promptly began to abuse him. Words led
to Wows and Narvaez went down 'With
Abbott on top of him.
Special Officer Murphy appeared upon
the scene 'and 'tried to pull Abbott off
Narvaez. James C. Stewart went to the
ofticer's assistance. Crowey interfered
¦and Stewart • struck him. " Whereupon
Crowey pulled a revolver out of his pock
et ahd fired at Stewart:
The shot was heard by Policemen Fen
nell and Sullivan and Crowey was ar
rested *nd booked at. the City Prison on
a charge- of assault 'with a deadly weap
on. Abbott was also arrested on a charge
of disturbing the peace.
Abbctt was promptly bailed out, and
when he left the prison he met Policeman
Attrtdge on Merchant street. He called
Attrtdge a vulgar name and attacked
him with both hands and feet. There
was a mix-up and when it was over Ab
bott and Attridge each had a black eye.
Attritfge arrested Abbott on charges of
battery and disturbing the peace.
Yesterday Abbott's cases were called in
Judge Fritz's court and continued till
Thursday. The case of Crowey, alias Gar
ner, was called In Judge Conlan's court
and continued till Saturday. -
Crowey has been in trouble before. A
number of: years ago he shot and killed
a man in Napa, but after a long trial he
was acquitted. His parents were wealthy
and he is said to be/ the owner of real
estate in • Napa. Instead of living there
he has preferred to spend most of his
time in the tenderloin in this city.
Attacks Joe Narvaez and His
Friend Crowey Shoots
at J. C. Stewart.
"BILLY" ABBOT
ON THE WARPATH
The- convention which appointed the
Martin Kelly County Committee was com
posed of delegates who were chosen at 'a
free and easy primary. Ballot boxes were
stuffed and smashed," fraud was recog
nized and violence commended. - Kelly in
person took charge of the convention and
directed its policy. He is now endeavoring
to organize a bunch of Assemblymen fpr
the purpose of doing business at the Leg
islature. So far he has not made much
headway in rounding up the Republican
members of the city delegation, although
the fact is known that the solid support
of the delegation has been promised. The
goods, however, have not been delivered.
It happens that there are several able and
Independent young men in the ranks of
the Republican Assemblymen-elect who
will not take orders from Boss Kelly or
any other boss. They are shrewd enough
to perceive that a primary election law
will put all the bosses out of business and
give the political power of the future to
the voters.
To-morrow night, at Shiels Hall, there
will be a meeting of the Republican Coun
ty Committee appointed under the au
spices of Martin Kelly's B'nai B'rith Hajl
Convention. The old Republican County
Committee of which Aifred Bouvier is
chairman does not appear to recognize the
right of Martin Kelly's committee to take
charge of tho local affairs of the party,
hence a fight is foreshadowed'.
The anti-boss Republicans of ihe city
have not much conlidence ln either com
mittee: In fact, the impression is general
that the Legislature will adopt a primary
election law, which. will permit the Repub
lican citizens to create the next conven
tion and gain control of the local govern
ing body of the party. The rival County
Committees may fight for supremacy
until the next primary election is held.
Bepublicans Care Little for Rivalry,
as They Expect Primary Law.
suggest that Senator Perkins in the next
contPEt should not be unmindful of the
magnanimous withdrawal of Mr. Short
ridge in the last. The example may speak
to the Senator. ..:'
RIVAL COUNTY COMMITTEES.
Samuel M. Shortridge Will Have the Honor
of Carrying the Result to
Washington.
CALIFORNIA ELECTORS
WILL CAST THEIR VOTE
The Electoral College of California will
meet at Sacramento Monday, January 14,
1901. at 2 o'clock p. m. Jacob Steppacher,
assistant secretary of the Republican
State Committee, has arranged a pro
gramme of exercises. The college will
meet in the Assembly Chamber and the
ballots for President and Vice President
will be cast in the presence of the audi
ence. ¦ ;•
The programme will include national
airs by the band, patriotic songs by a
quartet, address by Governor Gage, read
ing -of commissions to electors by Secre
tary of State Curry, organization of elec
tors and voting by ballot for President and
Vice President, signing of certificate by all
electors, as required by act of Congress,
end the election of a messenger to go to
Washington, D. C- • ."•'"¦r •
The ballot box to be used at the meet
ing of the California College will be pre
sented . to President McKinley. Ballots,
as souvenirs of the event, will be given
to the spectators in the Assembly Cham
ber. •: : . . i"V"^*;vh.N ¦
¦The Republican State Committee has is
erued invitations as follows:
A cordial invitation is extended to you to wlt
jiees the ceremonies of the Electoral Colleje.of
California, during which the ballots will be. cast
tor President and Vice President of the United
States. State Capitol, Sacramento. Monday,
•January 14, 1SC1. at 2 p. m. ••
GEORGE ETONC
' Cb*lrman Republican State Committee.'
WILLIAM M. CUTTER. Secretary.
Presidential Elector <Samuel . M. Short
ridge will be chosen as. messenger to
Washington. : It Is the sense of the Elec
tors that the honor should b6 accorded to
him. and he has signified a willingness '.o
visit the national capital on a mission of
this character. No aoubt the President
will be glad to see Mr. Shortridge and de
lighted to receive the beautiful ballot box.
It goes without saying that Senators
Perkins and Bard will extend to the
gifted orator and trusted messenger the
glad hand of friendship. It is true that
Mr. Shortridge aspires to public service
in the United States Senate, standing
ready to relieve Senator Perkins of official
responsibility, but this aspiration will not
dull the edge of cordiality when the Sen
ators and the aspirant meet;. .
Californians are pleased to recall an in
cident which occurred at Sacramento four
years ago, when Perkins and Shortridge
were candidates before the Legislature
for the honor of serving in the United
States Senate. In that contest the orator
-was vanquished, but he did not sulk or
threaten to be revenged. On. the contrary,
be dispatched a message of congratula
tion I to the victor, and received ln reply
assurance of Senator Perkins 1 highest
consideration. The trivial Incident that i
Mr. Shoriridge withdrew from the contest
before the first ballot was : taken was po
litely ignored in the congratulatory cor
rrpponoVnc* and would not" be mentioned
now were m The Call constrained to
Two daring hold-ups that recently oc
curred on North Beach have caused much
activity In police circles, and a number of
officers spent considerable time yesterday
In an attempt to run the perpetrators to
earth.
Early Sunday morning two men who
had been drinking in a saloon at Green
street and Montgomery avenue were fol
lowed by a gang of footpads and one of
them was robbed of $40, while the other
man was beaten into insensibility. Yester
day morning shortly after 6 o'clock a Chi
nese laundryman was badly beaten and
robbed of his money on Filbert street, 1
between Stockton and Dupont. The police
are of the opinion that the same crooks
committed both crimes.
The lirst hold-up occurred shortly be
fore 1 o'clock in the morning. James G.
Wright and James Flnnegan, two labor
ers residing at the Adelaide House, on
Howard street, were drinking In a saloon,
and when they took their departure ob
served that they were being followed by
about twelve men. At the corner of Mont
gomery avenue and Green street the gang
attacked them and a lively fight ensued.
Sandbags or heavy clubs were used, and
after a few blows Flnnegan fell insensible
to the ground. The mob then proceeded
to rifle the unconscious man's pockets,
but got nothing except a few article's of
small value. '.
The footpads, disappointed in their at
tempt to rob Finnegan, then turned upon
Wright. They knocked him down and
took $40 from him and then made their es
cape.
i Fung Lung,- the Chinese laundryman.
was held up ond robbed shortly after 6
o'clock yesterday morning. The affair oc-'
curred on Filbert street. The laundryman
was walking on tho pidewalk when ho was
attacked by a mob. The members of :the
gang searched his pockets and took' all
the money he had. =
Both cases were reported, to the police
and detectives were at once set on the
trail of the offenders. A description of the
footpads "was rrad to the patrolmen -and
the fatter were instructed to keep a sharp
lookout for the'par'ties wanted. ;¦
at North Beach.
Footpads Hold Up Two La
borers and a Chinaman
•fa-.^ tTDOLPH, Count Festetics de Tol
il jM na> must f ace tn e uncertainties
l^' of the new century alone. A de-
JJ^nV cree of absolute divorce was
granted his wife Eila. Countess
Festetics de Tolna, by Judge Bahrs yes
terday morning. If married life was
pleasant to Count Festetics he may bury
his happiness with the ashes of his yacht
Tolna on the far away Malabar coast, for
he owes what woe the divorce "court has
brought him to the erstwhile existence of
that little vessel. Every ground and cause
of action urged by Countess' Festetics has
been sustained as true by the court, while
the brand of untruth has been stamped
on the pages of Count Festetics' deposi
tion, wherein he assailed the honor of his
wife in defense of his own.
Months ago the ashes of the Tolna were
swept up by the sea. The pig that lent Its
odorous presence to the unhappy environ
ment of the Countess aboard the yacht
has long been dead, and the cockroaches
that infested the cabin were lost with the
ship. The Malay crew that frowned dark
on the deck and auded to the Countess'
terror are scattered far, and now the
Count has lost his Countess. The last
chapter of the cruise of the; Tolna. has
been written and the last link of associa
tion has passed from the life of the Aus
trian nobleman. He may take, an appeal
to the Supreme Court, it is true, but out
of the mass of testimony introduced in
support of and against the action for di
vorce Judge Bahrs has taken the salient
parts, and the weight of evidence is
against the defendant— Count Festetics.
Tolna Their Only Home.
After reviewing the facts of the court
ship and marriage of Count Festetics and
Ella Haggin and going over the log of the
Tolna. as quoted in detail in Countess
x estetics* complaint. Judge Bahrs says:
Count Festetics never at any time since his
marriage oiTered the Countess a home or place
of abode other than the yacht Toina. During
the long cruise of the yacht Countess Festetics
underwent many hardships, suffered privations
and perils and was at long intervals without
the companionship of any woman. This life
frequently undermined her health. Speaking
of Countess Festetics' life on the yacht, Mrs.
Ross Thomson, a witness called for the plain-
• "I became acquainted with the Countess and
Count in the summer of 1S96. They came there
in their yacht, and just before they came in
they met with a terrific storm, in which the
yacht nearly foundered. It was a terrific ty
phoon. The yacht arrived there in a very dis
abled condition, her main mast being gone. It
was a very small yacht and the cabin where
the Countess lived was a tiny place, quite
unfit. I should say. for a lady to live in.
Yacht W*s Very Dirty.
"It was very dirty and a pig was running
around the deck. There were a great many
cockroaches all over the place. It. was crowded
and generally had a very untidy appearance.
I have never known a lady before or since to
live In that manner, and It waa the subject of
general remark at that place. The crew was a
mixed lot, mostly natives. There were some
South Sea Islanders brought up from the
islands. They were not a lot I should want a
lady to be left with. I saw no American or
English sailors. The Count was ofen away
from the ship at night. The Countess' health
was not good and she had a very bad cough,
which she waB unable to get rid of for almost
a year. I got quite worried about it. I have
repeatedly heard her express the desire for a
home on shore. She stayed on shore when
she was invited to stay at people's houses.
Aside from their stay on the yacht
the Count was very brusque to the
Countess, very impol'.te. very surly, disagree
able and very neglectful. He paid her no at
tention whatsoever. This want of attention
manifested Itself in absolute Indifference and
neglect. The Count never approached the
Countess. He never went near unless she
GANG OF TOUGHS
ROBS THREE MEN
The outcome of tho court-martial of
Captain Nippert, N. G. C, for having
made a false parade »eport in connection
with the turnout of the First Infantry
Regiment on the 9th of last September has
been the formulating of charges against
Colonel Thomas F. O'Neil, commanding
the regiment. They arc preferred by Ma
jor Margo, brigade inspector. The
charges, which for several days have be^in
in the possession of Major D. S. Dorn.
judge advocate of the Second Brigade, ara
based upon a report and the testimony
given at the court-martial of Captain Nip
pert. They set forth that the colonel, who
at the. time was lieutenant colonel, com
manding the regiment, signed a reporc
certifying that Captain Nippert, com
manding Company F, paraded forty-four
men, when, in fact, as it was shown a;
the court-martial, Nippert did not parada
his company at all and that at the time
the accused signed the regimental report
he was aware of that lact.
The charges have not yet been transmit
ted to General Warrleld, commanding tho
Second Brigade, but as soon, as they aro
a court-martial will bo ordered and tho
accused will have to lace the charges.
It was stated that the presentation of
the chargps would be postponed until af
ter the commander in chief, had passed
upon the NIppert case, but General War
field stated last night that charges will
be preferred irrespective of any action
that may be taken in the NIppert case.
The . charge against Colonel O'Neil is
for a violation of section 8 of the articles
of war» which reads:
Every officer who knowingly makes a 'false
return to the Department of War or to any of
hib superior officers authorized to- call for such
returns- of the state of. the regiment, troop or
company or garrition under his command, or of
the arms, ammunition, .'clothing or other store*
thereunto belonging, shall, on conviction there
of before a cou.rt-martlal, be cashiered.
The making of a false return as Inter
preted, by Lieutenant Colonel George B.
Davis, assistant .judge advocate of the
United States army, is, as follows:
It is .no matter in what the falsehood may
ccnslGt, whether in the number or quality, of
troops of which they purport to be a true ac
count. Whether the deficiency I arose from a
fixed or occasional cause, as from the tempo-,
rary absence, of men, it is the duty of every
.officer -to return things as they are. The of*
fense will be complete if the returns are not
true with the knowledge of those interested in,
making them in any one particular represented.
All military acts and operations must be under
taken on a confidence in such returns, and any
deceit discovered in them, as It might affect
any military plan, is visited with a punishment
severe and terrible.
Co-lonel Davis also holds that an officer
cannot plead . ignorance, for in so doing
it would be admitting a violation of an
other section of the articles of war.
Colonel O'Neil does not at thfs time de
sire to express himself, in relation to ths
matter as he has not been served with a
copy of the charges. •' . '
He Is Accused of Making a
False Return of a
Parade.
called him. She might have been an absolute
stranger to him so far as his actions wont.
When shq spoke to him he answered, that was
all." .
Countess' Health Impaired.
• In her complaint Countess Festetics stated
that In the month of April, 18S9, the defendant
declared his Intention to sail to Colombo. Cey
lon and other places in the Indian O:ean, thence
to the cast coast of Africa. He requested the
Countess to prepare for the voyage.- Prior to
the month of Acril, 1399, the health of the
Countess had been greatly Impaired by her life
upon the yacht and the constant dangers at
tending the eame, and at this time she again
besought the Count to abandon the yacht and
their mode of Jiving thereon and secure some
place on land' convenient and satisfactory to
hlmeelf, which he could have done at no greater
expense. than that of maintaining a yacht. Tho
contemplated voyage to Colombo and. other lo
calities was fraught with great and i unusual
dangers and privations and was entirely beyond
the strength of the Countess; as she informed
the Count at the time he announced his Inten
tion, but he refused to comply with her re
quest or to change his plan. The Countess
there told the Count that it was impossible lor
her to live any longer upon the yacht. These
allegations I find are sustained by the evidence
in the case, many of them being supported ay
the Count fcimseff. * .. . ' -
Count's Charges Are False.
As to Count Festetics' allegations re
garding Countess Festetics' "big flirta
tion" with one Remington of the British
ship Immortalite, the court says:
I can state that in my opinion this affair with
Remington appears to me to be a Btudied effort
on the part of the Count to maliciously magnify
a very natural occurrence inu> some act of im
propriety On the part of the Countess. Even
the Count's version of the affair makes It savor
more of uncalled for Jealousy than a transgres
sion on the part of the Countess. After giving
his version of the Remington affair, the Count
proceeds and says:
'•When my wife came down below I told her
I had had quite enoiich of this sort of flirta
tion, having already seen her engage in similar
flirtations at Samoa and Yokohama, and that I
had had enough of this sort. of thins, and told
her, 'You would better pack up and go back
to your people.' She said, 'All right.' and tak
lnjr her hat went to the telegraph office."
Further testifying, the Count in reply to the
Countess' request to live on land, said: "If
your people give me the amount they promised
me as you know before our marriage, that is. a
million francs, then 1 can give up the yacht
ing- and live on shore."
It appears, therefore, that the Count up lo
the 20th day of April, 1899, never offered the
Countess any hoime or ether place of abode
other than the yacht. ¦ His testimony Justifies
the conclusion that he did not Intend to do so
in the future, and It is not claimed by him
that he ever did offer the Countess any home
on land since the date mentioned.
Conclusions of the Court.
The court lias no hesitation In concluding that
the yacht and the mode of living thereon was
grossly unnt for the Countess as a home and
place of abode, and that she could not live as
he elected to live without great risk to and im
pairment of her health, and without being sub
jected to extraordinary dangers and privations.
On April 20, 1839, the Count sailed away on
his yacht for Colombo and left Countess Fes
tetics at Singapore without money or means
of subsistence other than that which had been
transmitted to her by her parents. Since April
20, 1839, the defendant has failed to furnish
Countees P'estetlcs with means of livelihood and
she is hence wholly dependent upon her parents
for her maintenance and support.
From Countess' Festitics letters to her hus
band and mother U appears that she never had
any Intention of deserting the Count, as they
were couched in terms of endearment and af
fection, and hint at some future prospect of
reunion, but Count Festitics' letters became
cold and formal. He did not offer Countess
Festetics a home. He did not send her any
purport: in short, his actions Justified the be
lief that he had grown indifferent to her. and
her suit for divorce was but the logical result.
I have no hesitation in stating that the fore
poing state of facts, which find ample support
In tho evidence, entitle Countess Festetlca to a
divorce from Count Festetics upon all the
grounds alleged in the complaint, and It is so
ordered.
COLONEL O'NEIL
IS IN TROUBLE
Judge Bahrs Holds That She Has Fairly
;• Established Her Right to Be Free. _
COuNTESS El LA
FESTETICS IS
GIVEN A DECREE
THE -SAW FRAXCISCO CAJLJL., TUESDAr, JANUARY .1, 1901.
Trunk« and traveling: bags. . Before, irySr.g see
our "bureau trunk." A. B. Smi£i C&-". 128 Ellis.*
. If you have never tasted J ease .< Moore "AA".
whlBkey. try it "and be convinced that It la
the beat whiskey In , the Tworld. ¦ ,
A Century Gift.
•j To all children born In San . Francisco
on January 1; 1901, a gift of a beautiful
high chair will be piven by Kragen Fur
niture Co., 1015-1017 Market street. •
The Secretary of the Treasury has fixed
the value* of Uhe .'Mexican dollar for -.the
payment of duties for the coming quarter
at 50 9-10 cents. The. value for the quarter
Just passed was 49 cents. ...
Customs Value of Mexican Dollar.
12
r— j ; — — — - — : — — — - r- — _. . ; ;
T , ; , _ _. ADVERTISEMENTS.
1tFUF1?FmW1!FWWWWWW
I OUR JANUARY CLEARANCE SALE J
£ STARTS TO-MORROW, WEDNESDAY, THE 2d.
S= To-morrow begrins the much inquired after and watched for sale which we declare to be the biggest — «
££= bargain event ever held in this city. *In the preparation of this. Our Annual Clearance Sale, we have used =25
JCI every means at our .command to bring together such values and qualities as shall make this sale one lonsr to ZZ2
25^ be remembered. We have but one object in view — to make a thorough clearance of Fall and Winter stocks. «^3
£= Each and every department will be represented by Bargains unequaled before. From past experience you have j_2
2H learned to expect marvelous saving advantages, and this sale, following as it does the largest Fall business iu __2
• 5^ our history, will more than meet your greatest expectations. := S
AM47INR Rl fli/P ! "OMESPUN CHEVIOTS-60 EIDERDOWN PLAXXEL - 95 RRFAT "^
•*— M!?I.,£.IHU U-UVL pieces all-wool Homespun Cheviot. 40 pieces all-wool Eiderdown Flannel, a UllLMI -^
_£Z _ ___ _,,.,_ • Inches vrjde, a grand wearing cloth, ln grand quality for robes and sacquea. ln . _..__^_. _ _,_..
p_. n^r^RII*<R shades of brown, gray, green, navy and colors of pink. blue, scarlet, gray, tan, FMR^nirirRY -^
i>- Ulli.nii!Ui red; regular . value, 75c yard. A An lavend er and black: former OQ/> LIHU1IUIULI1 1 _^g
2^ son flnr .; t o .,,,. ', Sale price .'.Yard Price 43c yard. Sale price.. Yard *w v .... .._.
&=¦ Cllep Rque^wSktaV PLAIDS-30 piece, 36-lnch all-wool S T 1^*^ 1^™ SL^fv VALUCO.
__—¦ Gloves— Perfect ln every Plaids, this eeason-s brljtht and hand- pu«nf Flannel, a good fleecy nuaj^y —•
3£: particular; made of fine some effects, so much used for children's '^..J""^ anrt 5 „ 1 trtp t? : _ r !^i lar ._ . „ ,. =^
•w. kid,; srussets between the dresses and waists; regular OC; r P rice 10 ° a yard - P^£® RiC «> pieces pure linen *n __.
E fatf/t 8 - SSfe IS ValUe - Ce -" Tard J5C •c; S HMERE"pi.4XXEL E 'i? E - "« '".li £ __f
e_- colors of Tan, Brown.' , CAM S¥' 9 L HAIR ' CHEVIOT-23 35 pieces fleeced back* Cashmere Finish sips; were 50c. |Q/-< _3
2_Z Gray. Ox Blood, Mode. g ie . c f 3 S»-l°ch all-wool' Camel's Hair Flannelette, in rich, dark colorings. Jale price.. .Yard ¦€/** ""<¦
5^ Tearl, White and Black. p ult j_ n «f: heavy weiglit. a grand quality, suitable for wrappers; regular _2»r' ¦ . — *
«•- all sizes; regular $1 23 ln shad .es of rray, brown, blue, green. pr j ce i*^c. Sale price Yard °2^ __J
fc Kloves. Sale 07 r ?a c.wh™"^ 1 " 79C FREXCH FLAXXELS-43 pieces 1500 yds. Cambric Em-
•_= Price Pair O(C « »<>. Sale price Yard t cTW B ,£" embrol< j ere( i K^n F i a nnela. In broidery Edges, good 33
STORM SERGE— £0 pieces all-wool exquisite fleur de IU and polka dot de- quality, choice patterns.
_T" All «Illr Tnff P * n BlacH Storm Serge. - 40 Inches wide, a signs. In colors of old rose. red. royal, 2 to 4 Inches wide: ta-
•fc v« ? f° 0(1 wearing material: regu- QQr> gray, cadet, lavender, black and white; sertlon to match, were __•
E Vfi^lSPSfitiZiT Iarvalue65c ' Salepric e ..Yard d»C re^lar price n 25 a T«d._8ato C f^...^. %£ IOC
quality, in Light Blue. DLACK CREPOXS-100 places wi»V ow'rA«XG— 40 t>1#cm 48 Inch
XI Pink. Cardinal. Lilac. Black English Crepons. the greatest J'!;L O^ 5 cWm a !tante-J — •
mp- price Yard Ow SHEETI>G — 30 pieces 81-inch .»*-.*?(> 5 inches wide-
1^1 , BLACK CHEVIOT-25 pieces 50- bleached eheetlnr. a superior Quality; i0 3 a ta t *£&£.. were --S
S^ . .* t* lnch al'-^ool Cheviot, bought especially regular value 25c Sale price 1 Q-, c a l« B ric» 1O1« "^
•»>- Kxqulnlte Fancy for this sale, a grand cloth, shrunk * C8U "" r ' Tard IQC ZoC - bala ETiS? l*J|iC r^t
m~~. Ribbonn- All silk, Xo. and sponged; good value at QQ r rnMrnnTPn«_r Anifn ——A «^-*w j^
DSVffiLFwfi i KJcS^we^'llSO^alT'cr/l J** «*-&?«* —
fc; 23c and 35c quality. -—-.:/' white cotton; were Jl oO. Sale iC| lw broidery Edgings. to« _•
¦t^ Saleprlce |Q r nniO 1TIH1I .1 price quality, choice designs. —•
•-- Yard 1-tC SENjAllUNAL BEDSPREADS— 20 dozen Hcney- 3 to 7 Inches wide; ln- __g
*^Z uwivniiwnnfc comb Bedspreads, full size, choice pat- sertlon to match: were- —-»
•*-' «^,,^, . .. Oil V 11I1IPT nrrCDIUPO terns; worth Jl 50. Saleprlce «2| 10 SOc. Sale price \rZn __2
«5= Children's Heuvy \\\ I WA|\T nrrtnlNuS. V.. EachO* — Yard IOW _^
-- School Hone-In cot- »-ILI\ 1IHIOI UIILIllPUUi "r_"""' 't AVKETS-150 palra * -—
tC^ and' foot fa'.t black dve Cut to P rlces !n a 'ashlon unknown all-wool California Blankets, extra large
£ S^'rto'^^fff be '° re - These value^areex^aordinary. weight; worth § 3^ JJ;. _!£«_ Torchon
SI Sce h °. Se :....Palr 9C SILK AVAISTS 82 60 EACH- SHEETS AXd'pILLOW CASES L&%Z
fc . ____ Ladles* Taffeta Silk Waists, tucked all _ A t great reductions. Good quail- w ' -^ Sale T 1 r> ""*¦
SH .,^ 7" , ' over - ' ront - back and sleeves, very tlee _ already hemmed, ready for use. Drlce ' " Tanl 4 aC
g-— Cliildren'n Jersey fashionable and perfect fining; in col- 54x90 42e each 63x90 45c each * 4 "- c **"* _^J
"^* Ribbed Vests and ors of old rose, turquoise, cerise, car- 72x90.... SOc each 81x90..57Vic each __g
y*~ Pnnts — In ecru and dlnal, blue, purple, white and black. EYTR4 SPFCI^L— Point de Parts Lace*.
SZ K ,™ y ' ?. n %S nl «£ ed ~'£ 1 1 i!f; l' Z , M 2 w° **'¦ WOrth i 5 a ?h 82°" 1C0 doz. Pillow Cases*. <5x38...1Oc each pretty effecta. J to 5 __•
•= ?-a -i-Jl» n ti Sale price Each ti» <* 50 doz. Pillow Cases. 50x36. 12Uc each inches wide; were 12Hc.
SH slnriw 21C * TSO WAISTS FOR $3 OS 50 doz. Pillow Cases 64x36... 15c each Sale price =^12
fc Sale price... --.mw KA CH— Ladies' superior quality Taf- t.»t»i P , nPV js niece. SO-lncta • Yard Ot * =-S
SS= feta Waists, handsomely hemstitched f/^Vable Daniask beached a r?od 33
It: Ladled Fnnt Ulaek and tucked. Bishop and dress sleeves quallty; regular value S^AAr Imitation' Ducheaio. =5
-^ Cotton Ho.e-Full fln- z / g ° lc ™ r eo 98 §•>• Price Yard^^C R enai S sanc« and Point -—
ular^'vlluT »c\ Bt 1Q e 5: Sale" prlcV^. 1 " . . '. . *. . .^ach $3— GERMAN LIXEN-40 piece, 70-inch de Paris All Over L*C£
«£ Sale prfce..Palr 13C RA IXY DAY SKIRTS-^Choice SaSlSte dSS-.* w^worih^O O 5*^'Uf^TQr =^
5^ B^ e9 , Pla n^ C Ld klrt br O wn- e °riAr a r U 23 a yarf^Sale Sce.^ald 82C Yard 49C
fc Ladle,' One.ta d '/ M aV Lrt W Xli flTo'e" TABLE XAPKIXS-250 dozen All- =5
5^7 TTnlon Snlt«»— In Nat- pr i ce ..Each t$ -4 Linen Napkins. 22 Inches square, good Point d» Venice All -^
Ji= ural, winter welgju.tne nRF .. «;K-inT«_Ta^iM' ail wnol Quality, ln choice designs: regular Over Lac*. 13 Indies Z^
«^- $100 quality. fiQ/> J"^ *%***!^™.^ 5r< £2hinn»M- ZS?a value Jl 75 a dozen. Saleprlce C_1.35 wide, pretty design.; IZS
•^- «?ali» nrlpp Suit UOv Dress Skirts, made of fashionable plaid * Dozen ©I W l-I koc Sale «i\^ — -»
-""^ as-SSMMffSS ffSVoSS •LiiEN"iipK«fS' e Lf» te , " rt »... M . 0 :. « 19c 2
¦_- 36-lneh Stlfc Pre- and $10 00. Sale price.... Each O-S Linen Napkins, full size, extra heavy ¦ — *
SZ inter SUtrt Ltnlnjer- TAILOR-MADE SITITS-In Ox- a " new «,^T al^?= w OrUl tw« Sl^ Patent Torohoa Edg- ;_-
¦»- A dependable wearing ford Kray wltn s nk-llned Jackets and dozen. Sale price Dozen Vi lug9w j to 4 lnche- wlda;
»2 quality, the 20c grade; in the latest flarlngr skirt; former CO 95 HUCK TOAVELS-^OO dozen Linen insertion. to match;
fc: colors of Navy. Brown. crlce $17 M gale price... Suit OO — Huck Towelo. size 17x33; the regular were Mo. Sal; An. =3
Green, Red. Gray New '„£ ».Zn SUrrs^A mit 15c quality. Saleprlce |f| c price Yard **V*
g— Blue, Turquoise. Purple, 11 bl fl d d bTb •• " Each IUv _____ -«_»
¦Z3 Cfll'J nripe B Yard 12C effecVsTsYlk lSTed jackets. In b"ack*\nd HUCK TOWELS- 200 dozen heavy 10 dozen Belt Buckles. US
Sale price.. Yard — color9! ' re _- u lar value 125 00 C1^-'° Ltnen Huck Towels - * l2e 19x38 - * Gold and Oxidized. larg« S^J
•^-.'; and $27 oO. Sale price. .Suit vIO — bargain; regular value $2 2* C|-'* variety, deslrabl* «tyle»; —5 _
¦£= French Sateen FLAWEL WAISTS-Every waist Saleprlce Dozen «?¦ were 73c Bale QO/» 55 J
!~= WnUt Llnlng-In all ™ s t be Xd out! Th«, a7e made BATH TOWELS-100 dozen extra price BachOOVrf __• «
J5r colors; regular value of flne Frencn Flannel, tucked all over, heavy Bath Towels. 24 Inches wide. 1H ¦ —g
a yard. Sale |Oq all colorg; $500 wa i 8ts . Ba ie CQ.69 yards long; regular value , 85c f>An 15 dozen Belts. Polka _—
•£; price ,.Yard ««JW prlce ,'.... Each O-ft Sale price Each *^v Dot V eivet. Black and
•¦— NOVELTY WOOL WAISTS- HEMSTITCHED TOWELS - 73 Ckild trlmnwd. Batln —.
i^ French Hatr Cloth Tour choice of our $6 75. $7 SO and JS 50 dozen fine Linen German Damask Tow- puny and In Black and _3
*•""' —In Black and White — fine French Flannel "Waists on which els, an extra good towel, size 22x43: Colored Leather: wert __—
£ 16 25c?. h '...y?!To"Yn al r U d buslnes^To e{^Z™$& $4— prf^.T^.!!. 0 ?.^^^ $3^ 25C g
g "j^^w GREAT SALE BLACK AND FANCY SILKS. ,,£!!$__£^kgS: =5
«-- '£¦:-'¦ _. . . . „ . One of our famous Silk Offerings. Tou are used to them— but the one an- embroidered an'd fancy __SJ
e-_ Drews Snieian— uooa nounce( j to beeln to-morrow will be a record-breaker. Hundreds of yards of effects: were. 11.60. Saw
g^: qualttles. Stockinet and chf)lcp HLACK HIGH NOVELTY FANCY SILKS will be closed out pr tce US
«__ Nainsook covered :^ie?u- regardless of original cost or value. Here are some details: Each tJV/w _ m
•Z- l!rt<J aIUe Pair *^C 1200 yards Fancy Taffeta Silks, ln all 40 pieces 21-inch Black Swiss Taffeta, , __•
•_-- prl< - c this season's most desirable weaves, extra heavy, high finish, great Ladles* Flannel-
r. / i ,„ mlm 9 silks that were sellln8r at * 1C 2. and valu * atT5c - Sale price.. Tard e«e Pettlooiti; tn 12
£= yarriln^ 11^"'^ » 23 a yard. »£££«£ 67C 20 piece, 27-lnch Black Swls. Taffeta, g^.^^li^'wtltff
-_: piece. Sa>e price 5 c "-•--;• An . sllk tw,,^ Foulards. ? ric^I us f^^ t ] > . lll f 1 1 %- t^f Ik ltln A " sed edged with. Band cro-
ECr ....Piece ** 2 4 ana 5 !? inches wide, this season's best raltj> W E 4"i 87C chetod yarn and prettily -•
SZ ' . „ styles and colorings; were 75c OQ r S* 1 * prtc * Tar<1 v ' * trimmed with wash __£
French Horn an(1 85c . Sale price Yard OUC g5 lece8 n .i acil Colored Taffeta. 45 braid; great valu» atpc --•
21 ?£ n< £T e vrtc?*' K? 1500 yards extra heavy fine Black Peau of the leading shade* Including white Sale prlo..^. ... A%Q
«£- ioc. Sale Price... de g j m i nch es wide; exceptional cream, light blue and pink; the best Eacn *-m** —«
SZ " value at 1123. Sale price.... O"7^ 75c and 85c Taffeta. SaJe price A^f -_S
S^ ci !-? nindlne- YardOtC Tardt>t>C ao2 __ -^ -_»
nZ S U * T a «*• Embroidered and Lac» ?S
f h ? S Ud n in B CO c r ffi y and l COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. w^^"^^^ 3
Jt: Black; regular price 6».«c. • »« .'^ Each C/C =5!
t* Co ia orice. .....¦.*" {^ • ¦¦**"
w* '" >__5*^^' | 5&y^ j^^^MhS A. 200 dozen Ladies' ___J
p. ~~"~" jf^r ffh X jffif~-i .a* - ~^*^^3&'^z£s£\ jf\ Swiss Embroidered ,, »»
fc e 2 re c pale prk-l . A fffl|*'igjL^^^ ValUe 12^ Ct Qr
IniMimiiUUiiuuiiiiuiiuiiiiiiUiUiaiiiiUituaiiuuiUiiuiUitiUJtiiUJUiUiUiiuiijuiuiul
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| In the vast retail establishments of large cities, many
¦ women are employed as saleswomen .
| Men formerly held the positions that women now hold,
I and while women's organism is less strong than men's, they
¦ are expected to do the same "work. Their duties compel them
I to be on their feet from morning to night, and many of them,
I in a short time, contract those distressing complaints called
I Then occur irregularities, suppressed or painful menstru-
I ation, weakness, indigestion, leucorrhoea, general debility,
6 and nervous prostration.
I They are beset with such symptoms as dizziness, faint-
I ness, lassitude, excitability, irritability, nervousness, sleep-
I lessness, melancholy, " all-gone " and ** want- to-be-left-alone "
| feelings, blues, and hopelessness. ©
I In such cases there is one tried and true remedy. Lydia
I E. Finkham's Vegetable Compound at once removes
I such troubles. The following letters prove this. They also
I prove the value of Mrs. Pinkham's advice.
i " Dear Mrs. PnrcHAif :— I take pleasure in writing you a few lines
I thanking yon for your advice. I did just as you told me in taking your
H medicine, and owe my life to you. You are lilte a mother to your sex. I
I was awfully sick, •was all run down and felt sick all over. I looked like a
| person brought out of the grave. My face was as white as the driven snow.
E I was always tired after doing a little work and would have to sit down.
I I was troubled terribly with headaches and my appetite was not g-ood ; ¦
I also, troubled with shortness of breath something 1 awful for about a month.
I I could not go up one flight of stairs without being tired and having to '¦
1 stop to f*et my breath. I was feeling just as miserable as could be. I took
I two bottles of Lydia E. Plnkham's Vegetable Compound
I and cannot express my thanks to vou for what 3*our medicine has done for
I me. 1 * — MISS M. F., 35 Devon St., 6rove Hall, Roxbury, Boston, Mass. j j
I «• I Can Work Every Day in the Week Now."
I *' DeIs Mes. Ptxkham :— I write this letter for you to publish for the
1 benefit of poor, suffering women. Lydia E. Pinkhatn's Vegetable
¦ Compound has done me a gTeat deal of good. I have taken three
I bottles and feel like a new woman. When I begtin the use of your medi-
I cine I was hardly able to be up ; could not do half a day's work. I ached
I from head to foot, was almost crazy, had those bearing-down pains, and
I stomach was out of order. Now aU of these troubles have left me and I
I can work every day in the week and not feel tired." — MRS. JENNIE
B FREEMAN, 402 Pennsylvania Ave., Lima, Ohio. |
SBCil 4v~£ _$Qk 4$\& W% 3T" "IS % A ESS Wtk Owing to the fact that some skeptical
N Me M P (? l3 rffc Yp V^Cj e3 n! 1 1 P e0 P iehavc from time to lime questioned
H-jn. (3 E «fi H BttBa ¥¦ JniS1.5# the Kenuinenessofthe testimonial letters
tlryi M j j« N we are constantly publishing, we have
¥i 3 I a S P H d^posi'fd with the National City Bank, of Lynn, Mass.. $5,000,
' B 8 j j I 9| i which will be paid to any person who can show that the above
Huu l&JS uLl r jK testimonials axe not genuine, or werepublisbsd before obtaining the
Xs* f vty writers' special permission. — Lyoia E. Pivkmam Mxoicine Co.
— a-a-ac — — w*~" '~. ¦ »»¦-"¦': i' I'^-JUJMt— B~at ¦ .'." y ~ ¦» - . 1 1 1. 1./^ ¦ . _^ VIK-3-:
OUR TOAST FOR THE NEW
YEAR.
Health, wealth and happiness! TTe may
be able to add to your health and happi-
ness, if not to your wealth, if you will
permit us to attend to your laundry work,
which we do to perfection. Everything
in your wearins: apparel ready for New
Year's calls? Tell us in time. Domestic
finish for full-dress shirts if you order It.
"NO SAW EDGE3."
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Off lea I004 Market Street "•
Telephone— South 42O, ,
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave/
_>V^!£_3__>_»> > »ff EIj f P '» * non-poiionoin
<*V?aM jp^ **^ya wmedj for Gonorrhoea,
XaSc^CCCEs^&a Gt r- 3j>ormaterrbiCk-*,
/3igSr <altoaa»T«.Ta White*, unn-tnr-1 du*
SfffsCg OnanntMd u] ch&rgt . or aar ia!i*cmi&.
|w| not u> •utaiar-. lion, i ritation or ulcers*
p^^JI Pr«Ttau conmiou. tioa .1 moconi mem«
B7aVH;EvHK3 CHEMlCi'.Ca. branes. >'on-wtringeni.
«_*gkc ; «imn.o._5!g *« ld b r i>Tncsn»t_,
%*_»_. C.8. *. jgi3T*~ «* nt ia P Uin trapse-,
wuT<-nA>J by express, prepaid, for
nOOMBllllFTl ¦ il-^.or 3hottles, »2.73.
• H C_" mlar cent oa re<;ae«l.
v^OEwasnarowa,,^
¥ , a PATEhgTSl 2)
O R rr n Oil I I Corner Fourth smd
CnFt ROYAL M&S
5c. Overcoats and
valises checked treo
DR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the enre of GON'OnRHOEA. ' GLEETS
STRICTURES and anal>goua complaints of thi
Orsrana of Generation.
Price tl a bottle. For sale by dnncgista.
Weak Men and Women/
fiHOUU) USE DAMIAXA BITTERS. THL
Mexican remedy; sives health anj
strensth to sexual organs. Depot. 123 Market.
PILES
"I was troubled with Protruding Ptles many
y«?ars. Tried every remedy I could hear of an4
had them cut out twice. I desj>alred of a
cure until I tried Verus Pile Cure. I wai
never so surprised In my life to find myself
cured before using half a box. It is Indeed
wonderful. E. P. WEIDNER.
"1173 Fifth 6t.. Des Molnee. Iowa."
We will pay any one ISO who cannot be
cured with VEUUS PILE CURE. Price J2 00.
Over 10.000 cures. No claim for reward.
VERUS PILE CURE CO., Room 226, Wilson Btt
Or the old and reliable ELLINGTON DRUG
CO.. Agents, corner Fourth and Spring ats..
Lob Angeles, Cal.
|&s£i 30 Days Only, 1
on All Plates, Crowns and 9
Bridgswork. Kl
M Fillings, OOc Crowns, S3.5 0 9
| Plates, S5.00 Fall Set H
I CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS, |
§ . 24 Sixth Street. . H
j(ggg|gpX ONE PHDr£
r1§|||pA bottle tunhb
/ MCBURNEY'S
7^ S*8w Kl(\ npv» nd B"""
/ " f)W IVIuric j' CURS
tA •*• thorough care lor
R*| I C pains in the back,
W Jk BRIGHT'S DISEASE.
__Ov 24 r J female troubles, incon-
tiuc'iice of urine, brie-; dnst deposits, bed*
wetting of children, gravel, gall stones,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT
DAHLBENDER DRUG CO.. 214 Kearny St..
AND AT
THE OVTL DRUG CO.. 1128 Market »t.
' Send 25c in 2c stamps to W. F. McBurney.
418 8. Spring St.. Los Angeles, Cal.. for 5
days' treatment. Prepaid $1 50. DruRKi.its.
"MmultyT
riMTTS WfclX-KSOWIf AND RKLIABLE OLD
L Specialist cures Blood Poison, Gonorrhoea, Glee:,
¦Stricture, Hpmlimi Weakness. ImpoU'nc* and their
allied Disorders. Itoolc on Diseases of Men. free.
OverI0yeanr<*xper'ence.T«*Tm! reasonable. Hoar*.
ntoSrtally^i.iOtoS.aOev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Connnl-
tationfreeand sacredly confidential. Call oraddresa
.. P. ROSCOE McXUlYTY, 31. D.
20 j; Kenrny Ht.. San Franol-co. *>L
Weekly Gall SLOOirTear