SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, .1901.
VOLUME LXXXIX- NO. 74.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Passing of the Notorious King nilan, Whose
Vices Caused His Exile From His
DEATH OF FORTMER
RULER OF SERVIA
"WRECKAGE FOUND - ON
NEWFOUNDLAND COAST
Believed Disaster Has Occurred Be-
suiting: in Loss of a Steamer
and Her Crew.
ST. JOHNS. N. F., Feb. ll.-The Gov
trnment has received ad\-ices thatwreck-
Ige, apparently yart of a steamer, has
Srlfted ashore near Bacalieu, a small IbI
ind northeast of the Avalon Peninsula.
Other wreckage Is reported at different
9olnts along the chore.. It is believed that
\ nine serious marine disaster has oc-
Ttirred. resulting In the loss of a ship and
ier entire crew. _ "
¦-1 He idled , by strangulation. " The. mob
then quietly. dispersed. During" the whole
affair there was not a word spoken.
:¦ [ Scarcely, any one in the town outside of
the immediate participants knew that the
lynching "was to' occur/-". The,'electrlc lights
had previously been, extinguished and the
town i was I In . total ; darkness. ,
\ Before '. the men dispersed 'they pinned a
card t on' the ; body of i the s negro < bearing
thia7 Inscription: --.,
• '.'Th* 8 - will be the fate of all negroes who
assault Lwhite -women." V.' . '
" The other occupants of the jail who are
colored were greatly, frightened and; their
cries ~ and * moahlngs - could . be heard - , for
several j blocks.' •'-* Half "an ' hour after the
lyrichingf the streets'swere - deserted , and
the lit eless body of I the : negro was sway-
Ing • In : the ". wind. . '¦¦¦;.'¦
The . crime - with - which Carter was
charged wasja most atrocious one. Mrs.
Board. ¦ who is ' the wife of -W. E. Board,
bookkeeper T at the Deposit Bank In this
city,' was on,her;way home about «
o'clock in the evening with her little son.
when she was assaulted by a negro.* Her
cries and those of her son attracted the
attention of. some men, but the assailant
escaped. ' •
Constant efforts were made by the police
to^ detect the \ negro, .but without avail,
until .last, week,' when Bessie Smoot of
Ruckervllle caused a warrant to be Issued
for. George Carter, her brother-in-law, on
a charge, of assault.-
,A photograph ¦ was' secured of him.
which. It is aald, Mrs. Board identified as
being , that . of - her assailant, and at the
County Jail her little son also identified
PARIS, • Ky;. Feb. - lL^-George -Carter, [ a
negro,; who ;.was' In", jail ' here charged with
having assaulted Mrs.'"-_'W'."C: Board about
three 'weeks -ago, was ' lynched by. a mob
early, this' morning, j Shortly after, 2 o'clock
about thirty "determined ; men ; appeared at
the" Jail ' door and 'demanded' admittance of
Jailer : Klrser. He ! refused , and S the Jdoor
was burst "open. ¦ ' " " . ' . . , i.
*. The' jailer was i overpowered ;in ; an'.In
stant, the keys secured ¦ and : inf less] than
flye minutes ; Carter, was f ln ; the hands of
'the' mob. :¦* He refused ;.toj make: a; state
ment. ? It was only ¦' the -work of ¦ a minute
to'; place ' a' rope around his ¦ neck, and- he
/was < then ') half-dragged to the entrance' of
the courthouse." --\ ¦.'.¦:¦¦¦ '.'¦'%"/ ¦'¦ z;» --..-•t
¦ ,The wasUhen thrown over; the iron
arch 7 leading ' to; the entrance; and r- while
several, pulled "in -the rope, others '; lifted
KENTUCKY MOB LYNCHES A NEGRO
ACCUSED OF ASSAULTING A WOMAN
ET. CYB IS j SENTENCED
.TO DEATH BY- HANGING
Dawson Jury ; Finds Him Guilty of
the Murder of Miner
; \. "-.«•.' :.v'^ >-Davis.
DAWSON,. Feb. 6 (via Seattle, Feb.
11).— George T. St.-. Cyr was yesterday
found guilty of the murder of H. Davis
and sentenced, to hang. The juryreached
a verdict- after a. few ballots. St.^Cyr's
attorney ''will attempt to obtain a new
trial, falling in "which an appeal will;be
taken." ' , : .
-The crimed of which St. Cyr was -con
victed . was •.'committed In a cabin at
Hootallnqua in December. Davis and St.
Cyr had-. a \ disagreement arid " St. -Cyr
anried himself with a gun and -went to
tho - cabinof ; Davla i ' and shot him .as he
lay in; bed. • St. - Cyr' a % defense • was • that
the gun was -discharged 'accidentally. .'
St. Cyr comes of a good family and pre
viously • bore v a ; : ' good , reputation. t His
brother, VArthur; St.V Cyr, .; Is f a - Dominion
surveyor, : w ho ' recently, located ' the iriter
p'rovincial'Yukon-British Columbia 4 b'o'un
daryj line. 1 ,- Arthur, St.^Cyr v did • not go \ to
the assistance of his brother.
HIGHWAYMAN] MAKES \
'¦ y AN^OPEIJ' ¦> CONTESSION
• Member ; of -. Prominent ; Iowa .' Family
; Admits Hajving' Held-XJp and:
' '-./-. '.'¦¦: Shot 'a. VLan;-} jy.'^
; ; ALGONAV\ la,.; Feb. - ll.-^-Jack ; Robinson,
son of apromlneht; family,, has (confessed
that he : 'was ' the* f oo*tp"ad who j shot Fred
Foster ? Saturday.' .'.'¦ Foster' Is : likely- to ;die:
The confession" has caused a ] sensation. ' •
maynotbe In accordance with 'th» opinions
or the wishes of subordinate officers, cannot
be allowed without surrendering the judicial
character and confessing the impotency of this
department of the government. Courts com
mit errors and parties may »uffer from the
improvidence or corruption of their Judges, yet
the remedy for these 'is not In Individual re
sistance or In ! a. resort to private Judrrnent.
Kvery court will hear the appeals of these who
conceive themselves to be wronged or threat
ened with Injustice by. the execution of Its
decrees. If Its errors be made apparent It
will do justice to Itself by dealing Justice to
parties without fear and without hesitation.
There Is no excuse for resistance of the orders
of the courts in this country, where their doors
are wide oren and where every human b«lns
may be . heard in the presence of the .whole
people." . .
In the refusal of* the respondent . MdCaaxto
to obey, the writs of supersedeas Issued out of
this court, as hereinbefore found and stated,
it ii. now. here considered and. adjudged that
he did commit contempts of ' this . court, and
for the said contempt so committed in the ease
entitled . Melting -"et al. vs. Toraanses It is
now here ordered - and adjudged that he, the
said Alexander . McKenzie, b« imprisoned . In
the County? Jail of the county of Alanvtds, for
the • period cf etx months, and for th« said
contempt . so committed In the case entitled
Rogers vs. KJellman that he be Imprisoned la
the jail ¦ of the said county for a ' ltk» period
of. six menthsj making cne year la all — the sen
tence | Imposed . In . the ' last mentioned case to
commence immediately upon the completion of
the term of imprisonment' under the first sen
tence herein. • •
The marshal - will ' execute this Judgment
forthwith."
THE RECEIVER WHO MUST SERVE A- YEAR IN PRISON AND* THE
JUDGE "WHO YESTERDAY RECEIVED A VERBAL, CASTIGATION
FROM THE CIRCUIT COURT OF APPEALS. I
VIENNA. Feb. 1L— Former King
Milan of • Sen-la Is dead. He
passed a sleepless night and was
unable to take sufficient nourish
ment.
The remains Trill be interred at Kron
chol, a sacred monastic Bhrlne In Syrmia,
•Savonla, -with the honors due* to a mem- j
ber of the reigning dynasty. Last ;
Ing Milan received Adjutant Popvlas, who
had been sent by King Alexander. . The
Interview excited him somewhat, but he
recognized and talked with the adjutant.
From that time his strength failed rap
idly, and the difficulty of breathing ren
dered further conversation Impossible.
At noon to-day, he again received the
adjutant. He was then In full possession
of his faculties and .seemed to have no
Idea that his life was In danger. Con
sciousness was retained until within a
quarter of an hour of his death, ovhlch
came quietly in the presence of his uncle.
Colonel Constantlnevics, and his friend,
Count Zlchy.
Milan's illness began with -influenza. He
left his bed too quickly and the result was
pneumonia. The doctors. also found fatty
degeneration of the heart,' which was the
actual cause of death, as the danger Im
mediately arising from the lung trouble
had been overcome. Fearing a fatal Issue,
the doctors caused messages to be sent
King Alexander and' former Queen Nata
lie, but although Milan- desired , to see
them and himself sent messages request
ing their presence, neither came. Natalie's
reply, which was to the effect that, she
would come if her presence was really de
elred. reached him just before death.
Emperor Francis Joseph, who sent an
ald-de-camp to the deathbed, has ordered
a military funeral, as Milan was formerly
the colonel of an Austrian regiment. ." It
was Milan's written wish that- he. should
be burled at Synnia. He said he. had
been greatly disappointed at the absence
of his son, whose Ingratitude has. pro
voked much comment in Vienna. Accord-
Ing to the Neue Frele Presse he said to
his physician: "I feel that-I must die, but
It Is very Bad to be compelled to die at 47."
CAEEER OF KING MILAN.
At the royal palace at Topchldas, a
suburb of Belgrade, the Servian capital,
a remarkable picture Is shown to visitors/
It represents a tall, broad-shouldered
man, with a dark face, thick fclack beard,
black eyes and Jet black hair falling down
In a braid between his 'shoulders. * It Is
the picture of Milosh Obrenovich, swine
herd and brigand,' who freed Servia from
the Turkish yoke and became the founder
of the present dynasty. The tales told of
t^e cruelty of this semi-baYbarous Prince
are legion. He once learned that his
brother Yephrem had wronged a peasant
girl and the offender was sent for. "Open
your mouth!" commanded Milosh.
Tephrem obeyed. Milosh took a pistol
from his table, fired It into his brother's
mouth and Yephrem dropped dead.
Yephrem was the grandfather of the
late Milan^who succeeded Milosh on the
throne of Servia. Milan was educated at
Paris. He succeeded his greatuncle Mi
losh as ruler of Servia In lS68,""at the age
of 14. In 1S73, shortly before^.the ¦war with
Turkey. MJIan visited Russia. At the city
of Kishlneff In Southern Russia he was
received with great honors. The Gover
nor gave a reception, which was attended
by all the nobility of the province, and it
was on that occasion that Milan first met
Natalie, .the charming and highly accom
plished daughter of Colonel . Koshko, a
rich officer of the imperial . army. Milan
had even then shown symptoms of the
reckless living that afterward was to ;be
his undoing. Natalie would, as the only
daughter of the colonel,, be entitled to a
large fortune, and by winning ; her hand
his coffers would be replenished. A Rus
sian alliance would* prove of value to him
also politically. * The courtship was ", a
brief one and the wedding a great event
in that part of Russia. The Czar and all
tho nobility took a deep interest In the
welfare of the pair, and the presents that
came pouring in were estimated at' twenty
million rubles in. value.. The newly wed
ded couple visited the principal cities of
Russia. and were met-with boundless en^
thiistasni'every where. "
Qi .. Wanted to .'Be ;Klng.' /. . ..
Soon after Milan's return to Belgrade
tho war against -Turkey commenced.
Thousands of young Russian students en
listed in the Servian army, Russian offi
cers volunteered to fight In the ranks and
In every Russian town money was col
lected for the Servian treasury. The first
success in arms was In favor of the
Servians, but disasters .followed one after
the other until finally the crushing defeat
of Slivltza, In which Alexander of Batten
berg carried off such laurels, caused the
Servians to beat an ignoble retreat.
In August, 1876, a son. Alexander, the
present King, was born to Milan and
Natalie.
Milan wanted to be elevated from a
Prince to a King, and for that purpose
sounded the Czar. He received little en
couragement, however, and in his disap
pointment sought the aid of Francis Jo
seph of /Austria. Here his efforts were
more successful.; /Austria lent her aid,
and in March, ¦* 1882, he was proclaimed
King of Servia. During 'all these days,
however,' Milan was giving himself up to
dissipation.
Crown Prince Kidnapsd.
•In .1887 Natalie left Servia, taking her
son with' her. .She spent some time in the
Crimea, where v agents of, Milan endeav
ored to abduct -the Crown Prince. From
the I Crimea she Journeyed to , Italy and
thence to Wiesbaden. Here, at the com
mand of Bismarck, the German police
forcibly took Natalie's son from her and
turned -him" over. - to Milan's j agent, ; by
whom he was taken to Belgrade.
. In . October, 1884, Milan secured his di
vorce, but bis political troubles then com
menced in earnest. .'The Internal affairs of
the | kingdom were j in disorder and there
seemed no means of bettering things. The
King, perplexed* afraid, storm-tossed be
tween divided '^counsels, ; suddenly an
nounced his intention to abdicate in favor,
of his \ son.. ; After : kneeling : down before
Alexander and j swearing fidelity j to him
as a subject Milan betook himself off for
a tour | of where he could enjoy
himself, leaving'^ the little boy and his
guardians to extricate themselves from a
complicated position as best they could.
Three Regents were appointed and acted
until "Alexander attained his majority.:
A well known writer, ln*speaking- of the
character of Milan and how it was devel
oped, says: "His guardians sent him. to
school in Paris, to the Lycee Louis le
Grand, where neither.;' masters nor com
panions could assimilate with or hold in
check- the wild, obstinate boy from the
barbarian east. He .was , considered an
ill-tempered, : malicious, 'stubborn ' child,
not lacking withal in native - parts. In
Paris the boV all tod early came In con
tact with vice. -He was corrupted in mind
before ever - he . was , mature, this waif
thrown without guide into the waters of
life. An "orphan, 'it' was the greatmls
fw^tune of Milan's ? life that he was ¦ en
tirely ; educated by men, } and these men
professional politicians. Of moral train
ing he received hone. Clever, not 111 read,
in * the main kind-hearted. '. King Milan
never '.learned >the elementary '; lessons of
self-control, purity and ./respect 7 for;'oth
ers." In short, it was a miserable training
he had andaccounis for. many of his fail-
Ings. He knew this hlpiself.* It isLtbld
that his Ministers . once respectfully
remonstrated with him for. some piece of
duplicity, upon which . Milan 'answered:
'Well, gentlemen. ' I : am . what 1 you have
made me.,; If you wanted a" higher moral-"
ity in your King: you should' have brought
:me v up otherwise.* 1 ." r :'£WffiMffl£8il8i&§SB&w
And' it . speaks well for the good,
sobersense of the people gathered on
that £ remote and .-- barren { shore that
they, depended solely upon the courts
for this correction of. the wrongs thus
perpetrated among . and against
them, which always may, be depended
upon to right, sooner or later, wrongs
properly^ brought .before them.
i And ; it . is well. In these' days of the rapid
"The circumstances attending the appointment
of [ the." receiver j In these cases, however, and
his conduct, after.- as well as before the ap
pointment,*'as shown by the record-and-evi
dence, * so' far from impressing us with the
sincerity - of the pretension that ' his ¦ refusal
to obey the writs issued out of- this court was
based upon the advice of his counsel that they
were void, jj satisfy us that it was intentional
and deliberate and in furtherance of. the high
handed.and 'grossly illegal proceedings Initiated
almost as *«opn j as Judge Noyes and McKenzie
had set ".foot . on Alaskan territory at Nome,
andj which jiiay be safely and fortunately said
to have no parallel in the Jurisprudence of this
country,' , u.,.
directing Its marshal to proceed to.Nome."en
force lta writs of supersedeas, arrest the of
fendlnjf receiver and produce him "at the liar
of ahls court. . • ¦ • •( We also find the fact
lo bo that McKenzie at all times had It within
hlsrpowei to'comply with the requirements of
the"? writs j of supersedeas . Issued out of j this
court, , that he J contumaciously refused to re
store-the gold, gold ' dust - and other r.er?onal
property ¦ to' the " defendants as. required \)7
those "writs. •.-¦?;/-• ,,'
THE United States Circuit Court of
Appeals yesterday-adJudgedAIex
ander - McKenzle . guilty of con
tempt of court and sentenced him
. , ; ' to one year's Imprisonment in the
Alameda County Jail for* having dis
obeyed the writ of ' supersedes issued by
the court in the Nome mining cases.; The
opinion of the court was read. by United ;'
States .Circuit . Judge .Krsklne", M. Ross;
sitting -with Judges Gilbert arid Morrow. • «
iThe ,,mosr interested . and - disappointed
person^ In the \ courtroom; was Alexander
McKenzle, six feet, six tall, broad-should
ered aiid ,{deep-chested;' There was an
anxious look upon his face as he' leaned
forward in his chair to hear the opening
words i of condemnation directed against
himself and his friend and patron. Judge
Noyes of < the Alaskan court, and as the
reading proceeded the expression of anx
iety cave way to one of pain.
.Judge Ross paid no heed to the require
ments of rhetorical euphony. .He called
things by their true names. '"His shock
ing record" was the term he applied to
the transcript of -the evidence presented
before Court Commissioner Heacock.
,,The following scorching words are a fair
sample of the tone of the decision, and
they made the Canadian giant writhe In.
his chair:
The following are ; extracts - from the
peroration of the decision: -
"High-handed and grossly illegal
proceedings initiated almost as soon
as Judge Noyes and McKenzie had
set foot on Alaskan territory at**
Nome, and which may ; be ' safely ; and /
fortunately: said* to have (no parallel .
in the jurisprudence of this country." ,
"It's rough on me," was all that McKen- •«
zic hatl to say after he emerged from* the ¦
courtroom in ' custody* of -United States i
Marshal Shine.' . His ' attorney;- Thomas *J.\i
Geary, gray and ; crave," had no words of
legal consolation. \ The Supreme Court of
the * United States had j decided that ' the j
Circuit; Court of Appeals for. the Ninth
District had jurisdiction over the subject :
matter, and that point haying" been, deter- '
mined there was no longer any- hope. •-'
Alexander McKenzie,',. chief," stockholder 1
In an Alaska mining company capitalized
at $15,000,0(X), slept last', night In-: the; Ala- .
meda County Jail . arid '.will \ remain {there ' '.
for a year, just the same as ' though j he |
were ati humble laborer,*" unless" the Presl- •
dent* of the United State's 'shall 'see; fit 'to' !
commute his sentence.' -. ¦¦"'''. -•' ¦ ,!
The evidence taken upon the hearing of. these
proceedings la to , the : effect, and we • find ' the
fact ; to-be, that , the respondent- McKenaie
thereupon 1 refused and 'continued 'to> refuss
to restore, in accordance with the requirements
of the writs of -eupersedeas, the gold, gold
dust and ftther personal : property received ! by
him t under; the orders . of the -.trial ¦ court, i and
that. fact being made to appear. to this court
• ¦ • * this court • thereupon made an order
FORMER KING MILAN OF SERVIA, WHOSE RECKLESS EXTRAVA
GANCES CAUSED HIM TO ABDICATE THE THRONE IN FAVOR OF
HIS SOX ALEXANDER. •
Nome Receiver and His Patron, Judge Noyes, Excoriated From the
Bench by the United States Court of Appeals, Judge Erskine
¦¦JV». Ross Delivering Decision.
extension of our national domain, for all per
sons, whether residing in remote region* or
nearer home, to renumber tnat courts which
respect themselves and have a due regard for
the administration of justice and the mainte
nance of law and order will never tolerate
any disobedience of their lawful orders, write
or Judgments, wherever committed within their
Jurisdiction. "It is inherent In the nature of
judicial authority." eidd the Supreme Court
of Florida. In the case of State vs. Johnson,
•upra, "that every court may : protect and
maintain its jurtadlctton under the law. and
that It shall protect itself against all attempts
to resist; or thwart or overthrow Its authority.
Without the power to Judge of Its Jurisdiction
it is practically without Jurisdiction. Without
the power to enforce Its Judgments it has no
¦Judicial authority. That It be made the play
thing of whomsoever may choose to deride its
judgments or its proctss and ignore Its "ex
istence and Us acts, because the opinions of
the judges and the judgments of the court
may not meet the approval of counnel upon
the one side or the other of a controversy, or
BLOOD FLOWS
AT PRIMARIES
IN ST. LOUIS
Heelers Take a Hand
in a Battle at the
i Polls,
Sergeant of Police and Two
Otners Wounded During
a Lively Fusillade.
ST. LOUIS. Feb. U.— Repeaters Import
ed from Chicago to aid rival factions in
the Democratic primary election had a
hand in a lively shooting affray early this
evening.
More than ISO shots were fired, a ser
geant of police and two negroes were
wounded, and a ballet box was stolen in
the course of a riot about the Second Dis
trict polling place of the Fourth "Ward, at
Twelfth and Linden streets.
It was only after a riot call had brought
Captain Kleley with forty police and riot
guns to the scene that a semblance of
order was restored. Even then the streets
were filled with nesrroes and some white
men, all of whom were armed, many of
them Intoxicated and looking for trouble.
Not a ballot was cast there during the
eay.
The wounded were:
SERGEAXT QUIXLIVAX of the
Fourth District, thot In the leg.
GEORGE MONROE, shot in the arm.
FRED JONES, shot in the leg.
The trouble had been brewing all the
afternoon. The Tinker judges disagreed
with the Wells men as to the advisability
of opening the bark door of the polling
place. One claimed that the other had a
host of heelers in waiting, and If the
Coot wore opened these men would press
In to cause confusion and prevent their
exponents from noting. A third faction
asserted that both the other factions
¦were Jockeying to prevent any voting
whatever, because, they said, the ward
was overwhelmingly for their leader.
Koonaa. The Judges, being unable to
agree, no voting was done. Finally a
*hot was f.red, supposedly from the re
volver of Arthur Gardiner, a negro.
As coon as the phot rang out the street j
eboukthe polling place became the scene
of a fusillade. Every man drew one or
two revolvers. Judge John Ryan ran
out into the street and shot squarely at
si negro advancing upon ths booth, gun
in hand. The police under Sergeant Quln
livan rushed upon the bolder rioters, at
tempting to disarm them.
It was while he was arresting George
Monroe, who had resisted the attempt to
disarm him. that Sergeant Quinlivan was
shot. Detective McGrath ran to his as
f-'stance. disarmed the negro, and in the
midst of a scattering fire wrapped a
handkerchief about the sergeant's wound
ed leg: to stop the flow of blood from a
severed artery.
Ten policemen were on the spot within
a few moments and succeeded In quelling
the riot and dispersing the 200 negroes
•*ho had figured most prominently In the
a!Tray.
After order had been restored it was
found that the ballot box had been stolen.
Every judge and clerk had been at the
windows or front door, holding the fort.
Some one had slipped in the back way
end taken the box from behind them.
The up? hot was that no votes were polled
to-day in the Second District of the
Tourth Ward.
B.EPEATERS ARE AHBESTED.
St. Louis Police Gather in Twenty-
Five Men Imported From Chicago.
ST. LOCIS. Feb. 11.— The Post-Dispatch
rays: Twenty-five men, who say they
are from Chicago, were arrested to-day
on suspicion that they were brought to
St. Louis to be used as repeaters In the
Democratic primary election.
Information reached the police Sunday
night through David Perry, a saloon keep
er, that a large party of men had left
that city for Et Louis with the expressed
Intention of taking part in the primaries
here. According to the terms of their
egxeement. so the police were Informed,
the men were paid $100 each before the
train left Chicago and were to receive
2200 more at the conclusion of their day's
work.
Upon the opening of the primaries, It
1* said, they were to be supplied with
grana and ammunition. Their Instructions,
the police declare, were to vqte at I the
primaries as often as told to do bo, and
to use force with anybody who Interfered
with them, whether police, election offi
cials or party workers.
The police say the arrangements for
bringing the men to St. Louis were made
by two candidates for nomination to tne
House of Delegates. Acting upon the ad
vice of .the Chicago saloon keeper, the en
tire detective force of the Police Depart
ment was sent out to locate the men this
morning, resulting In the arrest of twen
ty-five of the supposed gang. The photo
graphs of some of the men are said to
adorn the collection of the National Iden
tification Bureau.
Demonstrations Due
to Coming Royal
Wedding
¦ *
Senor Sagasta, the Liberal
Leafier, Sees Great
Danger, Ahead. .-. ;;¦'
MADRID. Feb. 11.— Count Caserta.
father of Prince Charles ..of' Bourbon,"
spent the .afternoon yesterday 'in' the
grounds of the palace. The Countess.' did
not leave the palace precincts.
In an interview to-day Senor Sagasta,
the Liberal leader, said he disapproved, of
the noisy demonstrations,. but recognized
that they were -the outcome of the exist
ing situation, which .was. aggravated by
the Ubao affair. He thought the presence
of Count Caserta in Madrid was unneces
sary and that he ought not to have come
to the marriage, as he might have fore
seen his presence | would create trouble.
Senor Sagasta severely ¦ condemned the
brutality of the police, declaring that no
law authorized the Government to order
the police to club the crowds, even though
they raised subversive cries. The offend
ers ought to be arrested, he said.
"The Government." added Senor Sagas
ta, "hopes the agitatiqn will cease the day
rof the wedding, but I doubt it. A car
nival is often the occasion for disorders.
I am astonished that many people do not
attach importance to these events. It is
impossible to foresee what" the future has
in store*. We know how events begin, but
we never know how they will end."
The Imparclal says that a lieutenant
and two soldiers were among the persons
arrested yesterday. The lieutenant was
immediately released, amid cheers for the
army.
The disturbances of -last night, which
were more menacing than those previous-;
ly occurring, left a decided, spirit of nn
easlhess In' official" circles. ' The day passed
without a' startling lricldeot.' But the
' wb'wds^Iricreased^durlSg ' trie *day.' * "The
Idle classes have been 'Wandering in the
streets/, apparently waiting • the cover J of
night to give vent . to their hatred of the
aristocracy. ~~ '
The Puerta del Sol (a large , square -in
the center of the ¦ cfty) was the principal
gathering spot. -Mounted civil guards pa
trolled it all day ions. With the fall of
night the assemblage Increased, until the
square was .black with people. The single
cries and low-toned murmurlngs were be
coming louder, until the outcry almost be
came a roar.
At 7 o'clock the guards cleared the
space and their numbers were increased,
for the carriages of the higher class of
people, diplomats and others, had to
traverse the square In going to the ball
at the palace.' As the Papal Nuncio's car
riage was stoned yesterday evening it was
feared other diplomats might suffer. V
TvrA-B.TTAT. LAW IN VALENCIA;
Anti-Clerical Demonstrations Re-
sumed and Monks Stoned.
MADRID, Feb. 11.— The students to-day
presented themselves at the . gate of the
university, and finding It closed protested
against the holiday 'and marched to the
Prado, shouting "Down with the Jesuits!"
Martial law has been declared In Valen
cia. The • anti-clerical demonstrations
were resumed'In Valencia to-day.
SARAGOSSA, Keb. 11— During an anti-
Clerical demonstration here to-day the
students stoned several monks. They were
dispersed by police and gendarmes. Dem
onstrators carrying a republican flag fired
on ! the gendarmes, . and a" sergeant and
several people in' the crowd were wounded-
. The troops : are '.now I confined to bar-,
racks. Captain ; General Borrearo was
greeted' with cries of "Long live the
republic!" having; reference to his repub
lican antecedents... .
SPAIN FACES
CRISIS THAT
IS SERIOUS
McKENZIE MUST SERVE YEAR
IN JAIL FOR HIS CONTEMPT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Sharkey and Choynski to Fight.
CIXCINXATI. Fab. 11.— Tom Sharkey
to-night stated that he had accepted the
challenge issued by ChoynskL The con
test will take place before the Louisville
Athletic Club on March 9.-. v .
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
aiLXTO. Feb. ll.-The financial fate of
tne university seems to be In a fair way
to be settled, for there are now befora
tne LeElslature. Introduced In the Sen
ate by Lukens, three bills, which, if
passed, will provide for the placing -oi the
L^f, titUtlon ln the eeneral appropriation
bill as ln the case of other State Institu
tions. Senator Lukens is authority for
«fi H ta i em i e .v l l hat Pres^ent Wheeler la
satisned with the arrangement.
,J, h « fr" 1 , Introduced appropriate*
$200,<W0. payable In three payments during
J-.«S eXt t 7"° ye * rs - 1'he payments are
1. 1902, and 175,000 on January 1, 190J
The second bill takes effect at the next
Legislature, when the general appropria
tion bill la being made up, and is in efTect
a declaration of principle regarding the
course which the university appropriation
should take. It is entitled' "An act to pro
vide for a continuous appropriation for
the support and maintenance of the Uni
versity of California, to be an item of
the general appropriation bill and pre
scribing the duties of the Controller ana
Treasurer in relation thereto." The terms
of the bill are as follows:
Section 1. In addition to all other sums of
money or funds provided for the aupport and
maintenance of the University of Cali;ornia
and for the purpose of making a permanent
and continuous provision for the funds of the
University of California., there Is hereby ap
propriated out of any money ln the State
treasury not otherwise appropriated, the »um
of I2C0.C0O biennially, and. commencing with
the general appropriation bill for the nrty
nfth and fifty-six fiscal years, the said sum
so appropriated shall be an.1 become an item
of the general | appropriation bill to be In
cluded therein thereafter each time as a part
or item thereof, and to be paid at the time
and in the same manner as ln each general
appropriation bill is provided for the payment
cf the other items thereof.
Sec. 2. The Controller Is hereby authorized
and directed to draw his warrants from tlm«
to time to the order of the treasurer cf thla
University of California for the same, and tha
Treasurer of the State Is hereby directed to pay
such warrants.
Sec. 3. This act shall take effect from and
after Its passage.
The third bill appropriates 53O.COO to
make good a possible, deficiency In the
endowment caused by the loss of a U~.
000 loan to William C. Turner of Mercell.
The endowment from Congress was given
on condition that any losses of the en
dowment fund should be made good by
the State, and tho loan to Turner seems
likely to become a loss. Should it be so.
the $50,000 will be used to repay It, and la
case the money shall be recovered, the
$50,000 will so Into the general fund of
the University.
Spf-clal tHj-yatch to The Call
Plan Said to Be Satlsfac
toru to President
Wheeler.
Support,
Lukens Presents Bills
Providing fop Its
FUNDS FOR
THE STATE
UNIVERSITY
..SACRAMENTO, Feb. 11— ThV Kin
: PHOENIX, " Ariz.*. Fcb 11 -Jo* Root'
who vas^partner*; of Pearl^- Hart J^ her
stage i escapades? has escaood
trom i the Territorial 'prison at Yum" P
Physicians' Bill > Passes.,
; ../ SACRAMENTO^ Feb. ll.^The Senate to
day; passed the following; Assembly vbills:
Clark's^ providing for .the appointment^ of
county. Inspectors of apiaries; iHlgby's," re
lating to: the 'preservation, of fish;- ;Know-'
land's, appropriating $23o4 73 to pay. the
claim : of . the * Pacific'- Coast ; Steamship
Company; •Schillig's, to* pay : the claim of
$455 M of Companies iB and I). Second*In
fantry, National ¦ Guard ; • McNeil's, appro
priating $2000 for a flfih hatchery in Humi
boldt. County jiHlgby's,-- appropriating $9053
for, the -'transportation of Insane and fee
ble-minded i children; r- Atherton's.r amend
ing section 670 of the act relating to mu
nicipal; corporations" ! . r" ; ;¦•.*•••- ,
UPPER HOUSE PASSES
A GRIST OF BILLS
Senate Bill 163 Withdrawn,
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 1L— In response to requests
•which have been made and letters he ha?
received Senator Welih has obtained per
mission to withdraw Senate bill 163.relatins
to the duties of superintendents of school*
in the classification of classes -and the
certification of teachers. • The bill was be
fore the Judiciary Committee, but no re
port haa been made uoon-tt.
MONTEREY. Feb. IL-The legislative
committee appointed to investigate the
advisability of making ' an appropriation
trom the State funds* for the preservation
of Colton Hall. California's first* State
Capitol, and the old Custom-house at this
place, ppent yesterday in this city making
inquiries And examining the building*. It
Is understood the report or this commit
tee will strongly recommend an appropri
ation of from JSOnl) to 55000 to be used in
restoring and maintaining the Custom
house and Colton Hall. \
SAN* JOSE. Feb. ll.-The AF^emVly
Committee on Grounds and Public Im
provements, which had been on a Junket-
Insrt trip to Monterey to Inspect Colton
Hall and the old Custom-house, stopoed
h»-re this morninp and visited the State
Normal School. In the party were F. M
Rutherford (chairman), John Rutler V
W. Barnes. N. K. Foster. J. J. Houriean'
L. F- Reeber. W. N. John. G^ 3 Mr'.
I^auphlin. B. B.' Knight. F. P. Fellz' D F
McWade and D. M. Noble, a clerk Sev
eral, of the legislators had their wivs
with them. They were shown about the
school and Its needs were explained. The
A«M?mblymen admitted that ther school
needed a new library building and that
the grounds should be Improved They
also appeared to favor a gymnasium
building.
From the Normal School they drove
over to F.vergreen and inspected the
Woman's Relief Corps' Home, and this
afternoon they went to Agnews Asylum
where they boarded the train for Sacra
mento.
JTJNKET COMMITTEE
VIEWS COLTON HALL
Probably Will Recommend That Cali
fornia's First Capitol Be
Preserved:
i CALL HEADQUARTERS, , SACRA
MENTO, Feb. "ill.-Ch.lef: Justice Beatty,
William -Thomas, of San \ Francisco; and
Arthur R.'Briggs '"of Fresno, representing
the , California tyater and - Forest Asso
ciation; J. B. Lippineott, hydrographer in
charge j of that department of the United
States Geological Survey work in - Cali
fornia;: E. T. 1 Perkins of -the * topographi
cal department s of the Geological Hur
vey, r and J.;M.< Wilson of the Department
of Agriculture, appeared before the Ways
and ; Means : Committee to-night in rela
tion».to ; Assembly - bill 148, appropriating
$107,200 to i be UBed In „ co-operation * with
the Federal Government : in a survey to
determine -; the water - resources of Call
fomla and ' the best methods ' f or "i the nre-
Bervatlon-of the forests of tile State ¦
Chief :>Justlce v- Beatty.: and- Messrs
Thomas and Briggs spoke In advocacv n't
the -bill, addressing their remarks main-
Iv - to ; the ; side of i economic gain to tho
State.. The representatives of the Geo
logical < Survey and Agricultural Depart
ment 2 confined i their remarks raaW to
answers to queries as to the intention* r.?
their. departments and the nature of thl
work already x accomplished f tb -?
Chairman \ Flak and. Carter of Los An
geles displayed some antagonism^ t^
bill.v Fisk feared the Federal Govern ml !
wanted to grab all the reierVoi? ,?t£^fSS
Carter , wa« solicitous lest the n7£rt. «
Southern California wouTd Kb ?*overl Joked
n the survey- The full mcmberihlo of
the committee . was « ngt nresim f« -T f
action was taken on the bill. *, d no
State Forest Association Rapre&enta
..tives Address Assembly .
; >: « . ' 'if. Committee.
ADVOCATE A STTBVEY
OF WATER RESOURCES
r - Senator. Nutt has introduced a bill pro
viding : for .the rehabilitation of the old
commission to collect the $3,000,000 due the
State from the Government on. civil war
claims. It. allows "the- committee 15 per
cent of all collections. The bill was passed
by both houses two ; years : a«fo but was
not signed by the Governor.*.. .: ..
To-morrow Senator. Cald well wiir Intro
duce, a J bill for the I dividing of Whlttler
School into two classes, a school for boys
and one for girls, and. the establishment
of the new. school thus erected in San
Jaclnto. J. Riverside : County. ", This would
mean another board of managers, more
officers and ' teacherB . add a State Institu
tion for Riverside County.
. Senator Oneal. has introduced a bill ap
propriating $10,000 to pay for the return
to .their ; native country of all- Inmates or
State hospitals not citizens of California,
Ssna tor Laird has Introduced a bill ap
gropriating $20,000 for the building of a
tate road in Modoc County, from Alturas
to Laktview.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 11.— Senator , Lukens has
introduced a new bill dealing with the
payments of judgments against munici
palities, in which he has added a clause
which allows the Supervisors to ¦ include
a fraction of the total amounts of all
judgments- in. 'the tax' levy lf!ln ; their
opinion . the total is too large to be paid
in one year. It is provided that not. less
than one-tenth of the total shall be In
cluded In any tax levy: This provision
tneets'. the objections made in committee
to his original bill. ; <¦*. - , ,?
Senator Smith, for the Finance Commit
tee, of the* Senate, has . introduced' a\ bill
providing for the appropriation of $15,000
to pay the debts of the State Agricultural
Society, as agreed upon by the committee
last week.' •¦¦-.¦
ment of Judgments Against
Municipalities. -
Lukens Presents a Plan for the Pay-
BILLS INTRODTJCBD IN
SENATE AND ASSEMBLY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 11— Senator Belshaw is pre
paring a resolution which he will present
to. the Committee on Prisons to-morrow,
calling for an Investigation of the State
prisons by. a "holdover", coirirnlttee. <
The Waiden Bcandal at; San Quentin,
rumors of collusions In the letting of con
tracts and various questions as to meth
ods and prison discipline have attracted
so much : adverse . comment- among the
legislators that Belshaw's resolution will
have many advocates.
Special Dlapatch to The Call
Preparing a Resolu
tion'-Aimed at San
Quentin.
BELSHAW
TO ASK FOR
AN INQUIRY
CALL .HEADQUARTERS,. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 11.— The- i protest being
voiced . by manufacturers in all parts of
the State against the bill Introduced in
the Senate by Burnett and in the Assem
bly, by Irving, by which every 'article
manufactured in this State must bear the
name of its manufacturer stamped • upon
it. is bearing fruit in Sacramento. Mem
bers in each house are determined to de
feat the measure. •¦
Wolfe and Lardner attempted to 'have
the Senate bill referred to I the Judiciary
Committee this morning. Each said he
had received so many protests against tRe
passage of the bill and so many asser
tions that it possessed • vicious features
that he desired further action upon it in
committee. The motion was defeated and
the bill remained on the file. ' *
The opposition met more success in the
Assembly. Sutro told of ¦- the numerous
protests he had received. from San Fran
cisco and Carter said Los Angeles manu
facturers and merchants were equally em
phatic in condemning the bill. . A' motion
made In the • forenoon ao refer. It to • tho
Judiciary, Committee .for consideration
lost,-, but during - the afternoon - session - n.
motion to refer It to that committee for
full Investigation and report was adopted.
Committee the Irving
Trademark Bill.
Assembly B«fers to , the Judiciary
Regarding the expenditure of the money
it Is generally believed that what the re
port will say will hurt no one. Should
there be a minority report, it will surely
deal principally with that subject, but if
the reports be based upon the testimony
given they can find no more. to say than
that a lot of money was spent, a fact
which no one denies. The testimony was
to the effect that the entertainment at
the headquarters was most lavish, and
there it branched off. some witnesses de
claring that the money was well spent,
others that too much was spent, but no
one willing to say any found its wayinto
the pockets of the commission. There
may oe some comment on the vouchers as
being too general, but there was no testi
mony that directly impeached the finan
cial policy of the commission.
It is the expectation of the members of
the committee that there will be but one
report, and as the minority, consisting
principally of Melick, is a persistent one,
it is safe to assiime that most of. what
he has to eay will go into the general
report, should there be but one, in a mod
ified form. Otherwise there will be two
reports for the Assembly, to choose from.
The report of the committee will be
submitted on Wednesday,. If possible, -and
if not. then on Thursday.
HEEDS THE PROTEST
OF MANUFACTrJBEBS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 11.— There was a meeting
of 'the Assembly Committee on Commis
sions and Public Expenditures this after
noon, the principal object of which was
to consider the proposed report on the
Paris Commission, which the committee
has had on the grill for two weeks past.
No decision was reached, but the comfnlt
tee went far enough to agree that no part
of the report should • get out until the
whole had been submitted to the Assem
bly. There Is considerable speculation as
to the nature of the report, and a good,
deal of this is not far wrong.
The members of the committee are more
than anxious to avoid a minority report,
and -with that end in view a course be
tween a whitewash and a not roast Is
probable, with a page or so of censure for
Eralay, to whom everything was
passed up. ¦-V~'-':
The commission ¦will receive censure for
knowing so little and caring not at all
about tne doings and misdeeas of its sub
ordinates an*d attaches. Gasklll will come
in for a good deal of this, find also for
allowing the name of the commission to
be used in obtaining contracts for Eralay
and for passing tne matter of medals
over to a auborolnate and giving the sub
ject no further thoucht.
Emlay, according to the testimony,
was the most vulnerable of the witnesses
examined, and the most peculiar part of
the whole investigation was the almost
absolute ignorance of the commission and
its secretary regarding what Emlav was
doing. In the committee's report Emlay
will hear of. the contracts he made, in
which he was to receive compensation for
caring for exhibits when he was paid a
good salary by the commission for devot
ing all of his time to just that work. He
will also hear a good deal about medals,
for the committee has been looking up
that subject since the taking of testi
mony was closed and it has been found
that Lathoud's medals were only unau
thorized copies of the official medals de
signed for the use of exhibitors who had
been awarded official medals in the first
place and wished to expose their prize
goods with the medals they had won in
several places at once. ,
Text of Paris Inves
tigating Commit
¦ tee's Report.
WILL MARE
SCAPEGOAT
OF EMLAY
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 11.— Carter is the author of
a" new apportionment bill Introduced In
the Aesemoly this morning. It la based
on -the Cutter bill, with a number of
changos In both Senatorial and^Vssembly
districts. Following are the Senatorial
District changes: .. •
The Second District •¦ Is made to Include
Plumas as well . as < Modoc. Lessen. . Sls
kiyou and Shasta counties. •• . f
. Plumas : is taken from the Third Dis
trict; lenvlnff Slerm, Nevada ami Placer.
The >-. Thirtieth :¦ District Is changed ; by
taking out San Bernardino and inyo and
grouping • Monterey, San Benlto and
'The Thirty-ilrst DUtrlct Is made ¦- to In
clude: Kern, Tularc And Inyo. Ban Ber
nardino is made the Thirty-second Dis
- tf The Thirty-third District is maflYup of
Santa Barbara, Ventura and San Luis
Oblspo counties. . '. . '
;, In Assembly, districts ch.in«e« are madr
nB The made to Include
Shasta alone, Modcc 'nml LnM«n brln»
cut out. Trinity l«plnc»'tJ, with Tehama
In the Fifth district. Mumai and Sierra
belnir cut out. Mortoc. Plumas, St^rrnnmi
Lassen nre grouped In a n#w Eighth Dl«-
Th*« Tweinty-flfthVnUtrtet la compooM
of Mflrce«l.-8nn Honito and Mwlw», th«
Twenty-sixth of Tuoluwnv. Marlpooa and
atanMiuiH.
Districting -as Proposed by
Cutter. '
Makes Numerous Changes in tho
CARTES SPRINGS NEW.
x APPORTIONMENT BILL
It is provided that the corporation
shall not Insure property outside of the
State; . ncr shall . it - insure any property
for more r than • 75 per cent of . its value
The ; method of adjusting- a loss is by a
committee of arbitration, one member ap
pointed by. the president and another by
the claimant; , and , should they fall to
agree. It is : provided that they shall ap
point a third member, of the committee
The business of the corporation shall be
carried on 'nnd rates be fixed by the com
pany in the manner usual to Insurance
companies.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 11.— Senator Currier haa
Introduced a bill providing for the forma
tion of mutual fire insurance companies
throughout the State. It provides that
any number of persons,? not less than
twenty-five, residing in California, own
ing insurable property aggregating not
less than J100.000, may incorporate for the
purpose of mutual Insurance against loss
or damage by. flre. They. must first file
with the insurance Commissioner a decla
ration of their intention. ; The company
shall have from 9even to eleven directors,
who shall .hold office for one year.. It is
provided that, each member, at the first
election, shall have one vote, but at sub
sequent elections he shall have as many
votes as there are directors to be elected,
and an equal additional number for every
risk he holds it* tho company, and he may
cast them in person or. by proxy, distrib
uting them among the directors to be
elected, or among, a less number of di
rectors, or" for but one candidate, as he
may see fl I I (Vu t>jiAi|Kir j if di»r<riilll.
Los Angeles.
Text of a Measure Introduced' In
the Senate by Currier of
PROVIDES FOB MUTTTAL
INSUEANCE COMPANIES
The first bill. 358. was amended twice^ —
once to provide that an official report of
plague made to a Board of Health was
not to be construed as a "publication" as
defined in the act and punished as a fel
ony, and again to take from the penal
provisions that clause which makes it a
felony to publish the fact that plague
"has recently existed.".
The other bill, 553. which defines new
duties for local boards of health and
makes the State body supreme, was rec
ommended for passage without amend
ment. .
The*e are the two bills against which' a
delegation from San Francisco protested
before the Assembly -Judiciary Commit
tee last Friday evening. It appeared then
as If the pleasure of the trip would be
the San Franciscans' - only reward, and
expectations have teen justified.)
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTOi Feb. 11.— The Assembly Judi
ciary Committee has decided to send back
Assembly bills &3S and 559 with the recom
mendation that they pass. are the
measures that would make' It a felony for
any One to publish the existence of plague
and to compel the local boards of health
to yield obedience to the State Board.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Favorable Report on
Health Bills to
Senate.
COMMITTEE
SIDES WITH
GOVERNOR
: CALL HEADQUARTERS, ,-SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 11.— E. C; Evant of Anti
och, j Contra' Costa ; County, is the ¦ author
of a bill introduced , td daj( : by,. Senator
Belshaw, directed and regulating . savings
banks. " Assemblyman iWilliams refused
to introduce the bill in the Assembly, and
Belshaw at first refused to introduce it In
the Senate, but finally agreed to* do eo,
wlth> the understanding that .not- only
would he not support it, 'but would "vote
against it. . - - ' '
i The bill provides that no bank or asso
ciation shall pay on any savings deposito
more' than/one per' cent ; per: annum,- nor
shall, any . bank,' corporation or. association
make loans on savings account at a' rate
of interest exceeding threes per cent per
annum, '"plus taxes r actually paid : - on
money and securities.'; "This is made .to
apply to -all -present- outstanding loans
after their maturity. ;„ ;-
The bill establishes a'department of the
State treasury , to be known ; as the State
depository; In I which the State Treasurer
shaJl receive deposits ¦ of ; not i less than
$2000, bearing interest at three per cent en
money deposited : for ten • years,* and ¦ two
and a half per cent 'oh deposits for twenty
years, "v Such deposits are to be loaned by
the. State on real estate and other se
curities. : i H'll'^iiUflMMiiHlil HI I'/HiN/IW'HI
MATTES SAVINGS BANK
OF STATE THEASTJRY
A 147.000 loan was made to William C.
Turner of Merced In 1SSD, and some valu
able property In Merced County was taken
as security. Turner, was ¦ a rich man and
the property was ample to secure the
mortgage. Turner died, in 1894, and when
his estate went to probate and the sale
by the executor the University Regents
bid in the property, considering it a safe
investment. They had submitted their
note as a claim upon the estate, and in
the claim they had mentioned that the
note was secured by a mortgage, but they
did not mention the place where the mort
gage was recorded, a technical' defect,
which barred them from offering the can
celed note as payment for the property
they had. bid in. The matter was brought
into court, and the question of exchang
ing the note without mention of the place
of recordatlon of the mortgage for the bid
was submitted and passed upon adversely
as being a bad precedent. , •
-The foreclosure of the note is "now in
the courts. It is properly secured' by
mortgage, but in .view of the death of the
fnortgagee the defective note is limited to
the property actually mortgaged. -. .There
has been some' depreciation in country
lands since the mortgage was made, and
it- was feared that when the foreclosure
proceedings had terminated ; the land
would not bring quite the- face value of
the mortgage. As the State Is bound to
make good any deficiency In the perpetual
endowment, it was deemed best . to ¦ set
aside $50,000 of the money to be appro
priated for the satisfaction of the whole
mortgage, eo that there should.be no
chance of the endowment fund remaining
deficient in the smallest degree until the
next session of the Legislature, when the
deficiency could be made good. The meas
ure Introduced by Lukens Is ipurely pre
cautionary," for it is the opinion" of those
behind the bill that the land will bring
every cent^of the mortgage, and there
will be no necessity for using in that way
the funds , r . ;
The Turner, estate Is' a big one and
should make good any deficiency.' and
there is legal • advice to the effect that a
suit for any balance, due on', the note
would be successful. The $50,000 mentioned
is the same amount intended as addition
al to . the $20,000 originally decided upon.
The bill, while appropriating it, makes it
Immediately available for the endowment
fund, should the need arise.
••-,. . '. ? ¦ -
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 11.— The discussion of meas
ures to supply the State University with
money brings to light* some interesting
facts concerning a loan of $47,000 from the
perpetual endowment' fund. The Regents
did not exercise proper care in proceed
ings to recover the amount loaned, hence
a loss Is threatened. ,
Special Disr<&tch to The Call
Big Loan MaoVbi]
Regents Has Gone
AmisSi
UNIVERSITY
THREATENED
WITH LOSS.
MENTO, '< Feb. 11.— The • ' Senate V" Finance
Committee dealt ; a body blow, to-night \ to
all of thobilla calling for appropriations
for State highways. Coupled with .the
opposition already . developed . in i the As
sembly, it undoubtedly, means the defeat
of, all those measures., , v. . V<- ..
. After hearing: a = number of arguments
in favor of several- bills, particularly the
Senate Santa Barbara and Kern counties
road bill, the committee adopted the fol
lowing resolutions:' ;,;.•} v ¦ !', •:-''¦,
' Whereas,"* Many bills have : been presented to
this eornnrtlUfce calling for State aid to roads,
aggregating $700,000, and the - committee hav
ing fully considered these * bills, i does resolve.
* First— That at the present time; it is imprac
ticable to enter > upon a system of 'State aid
to highway*. . "'¦".'
Second— That • th« - right . of i, the State \ to ex
tend such ¦ aid is questionable and that ' a con
stitutional amendment j; should "be, submitted
providing that the State may under proper re
striction* extend I aid .to the . building of ¦ roads.
Third— That without passing upon the merits
of any particular bill the committee does not
feel Justified In recommending: any of them for
passage at this session ' of : the ¦ Legislature. ., -
Fourth— That a n sub-committee ¦ be appointed
to draft a : constitutional " amendment in . ac-'
cordance ' with this resolution., 1 ¦-;
' .' Senators ' Devlin; e ¦ Belshaw Cand*; Nutt
wefo named as the committee.: . ¦*¦
CAL.I* HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-
BODY BLOW TO BO AD; BILLS.
the Assembly this morning, particularly
the one carrying an appropriation of $85,
000 for a road connecting the road Bystems
of Santa Barbara and Kern cdunties. The
bill came up on the second reading file,
and a strong effort' was made to report it
back from committee of the whole with
the recommendation chat It do- not pas3j
but unexpected strength was developed
by the friends of the measure, and a fav
orable report was adopted ajid the bill
passed to the third reading.
Chairman Flsk of the Ways and Means
Committee and Ralston, a member of the
same • committee. opposed the bill,
although the Ways and Means Committee
had sent in a majority report In its favor.
Flsk, in sympathy with Governor Gage'd
policy of economy, is regarded as the
spokesman on the floor of the Assembly
or that policy. He has consistently op
posed all bills carrying appropriations iov
State highways, and In consequence- the
partisans of these measures are not san
guine of gubernatorial approval of them
in case they are passed by the two
branches of th« Legislature. > ,
When Merritt's bill for the Santa Bar
bara-Kern road came up Ralston spoke In
opposition. He said the Ways and Means
Committee had been asked to act': upon
a measure carrying an appropriation of
$85,000, without any definite information.
No man of wealth would invest auch in
amount upon the information supplied the
committeeor the Assembly. No definite
plans had been submitted: no one know
what sort of a road was to be built. It
was simply "a road." and when the.com
mittee asked what the road's purpose was
it was informed that. the road was to be
built to enable the farmers of the interior
to eet to the coast for a breath of fresh
air.
Fisk said he wanted to go on r«cord as
against the bill, although the Ways and
Means Committee had sent in a favorable
maiority report.
llerritt said the proposition was not a
new one and was quite generally under
stood. It was a matter of vital import
ance to the people of tnat portion or the
State. Kern County had already built
forty miles of the road, and Santa Bar
bara nine miles from its side of the moun
tains. , ¦ ¦ ¦
"Of all the bills I for State highways,*'
Broughton said, . "I believe that -- not
another one has the merit ¦¦. of this. . it
means the opening up of a rich , interior,
giving it an outlet to the seaboard. The
proposes road runs through a mountainous
country, and in the. nature of conditions
existing the counties could never con
struct it" •-;• .
Carter spoke for the bill, as did Greer.
The latter said the proposed road crossed
a Government reservation; and for that
additional reason could not be built except
by State aid.
Chandler's substitute . motion ' that the
committee of the • whole recommend that
the bill do not pass was lost and -a fav
orable report was made.-*.
The Mount llamllton-San Joa/iuln road
bill was allowed to pass on file at the re
quest of Haley, its author. • -' »-•>¦ ¦ •'• i •
Roberts Introduced n, new bill this morn
ing* carrying: an -appropriation of $150,000
for a State thlghway connecting the road
systems of. Humboldt and Shasta * coun
ties. " * .
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, * SACRA
MENTO, Feb. lL-State highway bills
were the' subject of extended , debate , In
Special Dispatch to The Call."\
Opposition in Gov
ePDor's Spokesmen
; Unavailing,
FIGHT ON
BILLS FOR
HIGHWAYS
SOME SPECIAL FEATURES INCIDENTAL TO LEGISLATION AT SACRAMENTO.
WILL AGAIN
ATTEMPT TO
DEFEAT IT
Miners' Measure May
Be Taken Up for
Reconsideration.
Assemblu Committee to
Ask That It Be Returned .
From the Senate-
The Senate bill passed the Assembly
without opposition, but Ralston will be
able- to muster considerable strength, and
mar be able to obtain the bill's recall un
til nom* direct assurance be given as to
Colonel Heuer' s attitude. ¦-•
Acting on this unofficial communication
from an officer no longer connected with
the Debris Commission, .Ralston hurriedly
got together a committee meeting. Dur
yea, Rutherford, Uubbard and Laird were
all absent. Ralston read Mansfield's let
ter and gave notice that whatever the
committee's action might be he would
offer a resolution asking the bill's recall.
Then lie moved that such resolution be
offered by the committee. Irish reminded
him that as chairman he could not make
a motion. Ray accommodatingly made
Ralpton's motion for him and Chandler
It.
"This action is entirely unjust to me
as the author of the bill." Irish said, "and
to the cr«nmittee. I was shown this let
ter, but I was not told that this was the
purpose of the meeting. If I had been I
would not be here to make up a quorum.
Our chairman calls a meeting when he
knows the members who have been favor
able to the bill are out of the city and
ba-ses his request for a reconsideration on
the letter of an engineer, who has not
been connected with the Debris Commis
sion for four months. Colonel Heuer 1s
at present chairman of the commission.
He said to me and he said to the miners*
committee that he would recommend that
no expenditure be made until this addi
tional State appropriation should be made.
"I say further than any assertions ot
misrepresentation are untrue. - ' Colonel
Heuer has been reported as saying these
things and his statements have not been
misrepresented."
Irish snok*> with much heat, and after
the motion was carried by the votes of
Ralston, Chandler. Ray and Stewart of
Amador against his own. he lpft the room
asserting that the action of Ralston an<l
hi? supporters was a cowardly one. taking
a mean advantage of the absence of the
friend* cf the bill.
Colonel Heuer' s letter of January 25. 190L
copy of which you enclosed, states the situa
tion exactly. Very respectfully..
S. MANSFIELD,
Colonel, Corps of Engineers, U*S. A.
Second— Will your commission proceed to ex
pend thi» $500,000 if it is available, or will you
recommend to the department that it be not
used unUl the full tSOO.OOO is appropriated?
In answ.-rinc. I have to say that I severed
my active connection with the * California
Debris Commission when ordered relieved of
my duties in £an Francisco the 23d of Novem*
bcr la«t. Prior to that date the commission
considered that the U0Q.000 appropriated vai
available, but subject to approval of plans and
specification* by the State Board of Examiner*.
as provided by State laws, and the commission
intended to proceed actively with the work to
th* extent of JOOO.OdO, with no thought of
recommending: that it be not used until the
full tSOO.000 is appropriated.
This consideration and tnterxi^n was based
upon the item "Land for debris, dame and lm
pounain* works in California." in the emerg
ency river and harbor act of June 6. 1800 (pub
lic No. 1C).
The question now hinges on' whether
Colonel Heuer will recommend to the
United States Government that no work
be done on the impounding system until
the entire JSOO.000 of the estimated cost b*
available. A number of prominent miners
assured Ralston that Heuer had so in
formed them. Assemblyman Irish ha-i
been given the same assurance. This
.morning Ralston received a letter from
Colonel Mansfield which Rives the Assem
blyman the ground for his contention that
such is not the case and that he was
given mistaken Information. The letter
Is as follows : :+
» t'nlted Etatee Enrin«»er Office.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Feb. 7. 1*01.
TV. C. RalFton. chairman Committee on
Mine* and Mining:. California Legislature, Sac
ramento. Cal.— Dear Sir: 1 am Just now in
receipt of your favor of the M intt.. for
warded from San Francisco, retarding a bill
before your Assembly appropriatinr $150,000 of
the State's money, upon a. like appropriation
to be made by the United State*, for the con
struction of ratralninR barriers in the Yuba
River, and asking me. in view of a misunder
etandlnr by some parties of rtatements made
by Colonel Heuer. these question*:
First— Do you consider the $500,000 appro
priated as available? . '
CALL HEADQUARTERS, ' SACRA
MENTO. Feb. ll.-AKhough the Senate's
substitute for Irish's bill, appropriating
a flr.Al sum of $150,000 for the debris Im
pounding system on the Yuba River, has
passed the Senate and the Assembly, has
gone to enrollment and will go to the
Governor at noon to-morrow for his sig
nature unless there be intervention, an
other attempt will be made to defeat the
tarasure. A. meeting of the Assembly
Committee on Mines and Mining decided
this afternoon to introduce a resolution
to-morrow morning-, asking: that the Sen
ate return the b!U to the Assembly for
reconsideration. Ralston, who originally
fought the bill in committee, but consent
ed at a meeting of the executive commit
tee of the State Miners' Association on
Saturday night, February 2, to withdraw
his opposition. Is responsible for this
coangre of front. He claims to have new
information, which shows the facts io
hax - e been misrepresented to him, and
that, therefore, he is absolved from, his
promise to the miners.'
Special DiFpatch to Tbe Call
RALSTON REOPENS HIS FIGHT AGAINST THE DEBRIS BILL
THE SAN FRANC1SCC> -pALL,; TtJESD A Y^ <p EBRUARY 12, 1 901.
2
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
229 Sutter Street,
Between Grant avenue and .Kearny atreet. 8. F.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
By Famous Masters, such aa
C. DETTI. LAZERGES BEAUQCESXE. MAE*
PORTEJE. SIMONETTI. GASPARIM1.
SALA. ETC.
OIL PAINTINGS
MarKe Statues, Bronzes,
Italian Majoliche and
OLD BRASSES,
7C T0 Cn PERCENT
Ld dV DISCOUNT
Tapestry, Velvets, Damasks,
Lace Curtains and Wall
Coverings,
From Early Renaissance to
Colonial Epochs.
FINE FURNITURE
IMMENSE REDUCTION
Diseases Positively Cured "by
DR. COTTINGBAM'S^Thod
P.erutar rraduata and expert on EAR. XOSS.
THROAT and LUNO DISEASES.
284 Sntter Street, NW Cor. of Kearny
Hours. |-12 a. m. ; 1-3 and 7-S p. m.
bnCt? AN HONEST TRIAL. OF ONE
rKrr WEEK given to show the bu-
- J perlor merit of the treatment.
8000 test cases. &5 per cent cured. Call at
once or write for free treatment.
Catarrh, Deafness,
feL- AP&nra^T Tbroat
Talc* Laxative ' Bromo Quinine Tablets. . AH
drunclata refund the 'money If it (alls to cure.
&. W. Grove's ulrnatui* la on each box. 25c. •
To Cnt e ¦ a Cold " In* One Day.
To Curs the Grip in Two Days
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne removei the cau»e.»
>¦¦¦¦ MHIIIWIHH,— ,,¦! u*FUTURE COMMANDERS OF THE ARMY.
MISS MART CONDIT-SMITH. A HEROINE OF PEKING. WHO WAS MAR
RIED YESTERDAY TO LIEUTENANT RICHARD S. HOOKER OF THE
UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS. . ."
Valentines, for old -and young; the bes^
we" have ever .shown. . Sanborn, Vail &
Co.. 741 Market St. . ..•
CLAIMS HE MAESIED
AU INSAXTE WOMAN
Lcs Angeles Man Petitions the Court
to Annul the Nuptial
Bonds.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 11.— When H. J,
¦tt'arner married Anna Hendricks of Los
¦Ar.frcles In June, iSST. he did not know that
he was tying himself to an insane perso-.
but such he alleges wa« the case. War
ner has petitioned the court to annul th«;
marriage bonds, claiming that he was de
ceived. Warner says that his wife hod
l>oon insane befor* he married her. and
was Insane at tbe time, but that the fact
was* carefully concealed from him. He
also allies that the treated him cruelly.
Mrs. Warnrr has been In an Insane asv-
lum at I.'kiah .for clcht years. Mrs.
Warner's family will contest the annul
ment of the marrUure on the ground that
Khf Is not Insane, but only nervous.' and
that Warner knew her eondltlon when he
married her.
To Slake Ealt From Sea Water.
FAN DIEGO. Feb. ll.-The California
fialt Company to-day entered Into a lease
of practically all the land embraced In
what Is known as Carlsbad Slough. It is
the Intention of the company to at once
'omrnence the laying out of immense vats
<-n the slouch for making salt from t,o%
water, and. If the 'business warrants.'lo
erect a large refinery at the place for the
purpose of handling the salt.
BAKERSF1EI.D, Feb. 11.— ¦While' painting:
electric light poles here this afternoon, a man
whose name ls unknown came In contact with
a live electric licht wire and was killed In
stantly.
SPOKANE. Feb. 11.— A directory censca of
the city has been completed. It will contain
20,010 names, an Increase of 2092 over last
year. The publishers estimate the city's popu
lation at 30.0='..
• FRESNO. Feb.- 11. — The Assessors of Contra
Costa. Stanislaus. Merced, Madera, Fresno.
Kings and Kern counties* met here today to
consider a common scale of rates of assess
ing property. " Rates were fixed for livestock,
grain and bees.
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 11.— Word was received
to-day from Ensecada that Salvador. Salorla
was arrested there on Saturday, charged with
having embezzled tZiZO 50 of the Mexican Oov
ernment's money. Salorla was Municipal
Treasurer for the northern district of .Lower
California.
MONTEREY, Feb. 11.— Nine Japanese fisher
men were arrested on Saturday and takan be
fore Judge Lambert of thU place charged
with illegal catching of abalone. It Is alleged
that they caught the abalone north of the
Carmel River, which point is outside the pro
scribed boundary line.
: : SANTA : ROSA, Feb. 11.— The man found
dead ' upon tbe sumrr.lt of Sonoma Mountain
last week . has been Identified as Herman
Christian of Xapa. He wan a member of the
Order of Hermann'* Sons, and the funeral was
conducted^ under the auspices of that order
to-day. . Christian disappeared some time in
COAST BREVITIES.
SALEM, Or., Feb. 11.— Thomas, Graham,
a farmer living six miles west of here,
climbed a tree after a wildcat this after
noon. His neighbor. J. Thompson, came
up with a shotpun. and seeing Graham's
gray trousers up the tree forty feet above
ground mistook them Tor a wildcat and
tired, shooting Graham In the leg. Gra
ham fell to the ground unconscious. He
was brought to a hospital here for treat
ment and ls in a fair way toward recov
ery. .. -
MISTAKEN FOR A WILDCAT.
SANTA CRUZ. Feb. U.— The two Chinook
Indians from a Canadian sealer who drifted
Into thl» port in their canoe hun>rry and pen
niless, were cent to San Francisco to-day -upon
orders received from the British Consul. They
were Trtthout food or money, and the British
Consul wired requesttcs Uia.t they.be provided
for.
on the Floor.
NEW YORK, Feb. 1L— More than 375
members of the Silk Association of Amer
ica and their guests sat down to the
twenty-ninth anniversary banquet of the
association at Delmonico's to-night. The
conspicuous guest of the evening was the
Chinese Minister, Wu Ting Fang.
Senator Thurston of Nebraska spoke to
the toast, •"The Great Republic In the
New Century." and Senator Galllnger of
New Hampshire spoke to the toast, "The
Congress of the United States in Its Re
lations to the Silk Industry."
The Japanese Minister. Kogroro Taka
hlra. was introduced to respond to the
toast. "Japan and Her Estimation of
America and American Ideas."
The Japanese Minister, began to read
his speech in a very loudV voice, which
commanded attention by its tone, but be
fore he had read far he»pot down to a
sing-song tone, that caused a majority
of the diners to forget the speech and
talk among themselves. , Half a dozen
times they talked and laughed so loudly
that General Conger had to rap for at
tention. Then the Minister would break
out of his elng-song style and read a few
sentences in a clearer tone, but would
soon become almost Inaudible. The talk-
Ing and laughter continued and the
speaker finally threw down his paper on
the table, folded his hands in front of
him. and closing his eyes stood silent. For
a pecond there was QUletnes=*i. This was
broken by a call for cheers for the Japa
nese Minister. They were given with
great vigor, but the recipient was vexed
and flung his paper down on the iloor. •
Senator Galllnger picked up the paper
and handed it to the Minister, who -was
persuaded to start again. He soon re
lapsed into the sing-song style and the
talking and laughter began again. There
upon the Minister flung the paper down
on the table, and resuming his seat would
not finish. Then many of the diners came
up to him and congratulated him on his
effort, somewhat mollifying him.
JAPANESE MINISTER'S
SPEECH INTERRUPTED
Kogoro Takahira, Angered at Inat
tention, Throws His Paper
Bich Strike of Gold.
" Vancouver, b. c. Feb. 11.— one of
the richest strikes in British- Columbia <m
n, year has been made at the Lenora
mine",: in the~ Mount Sleker District,'Van
couver Island.: The ore runs from $300 to
tlOOO ,to the ton. „• A combination, of gold,
silver, copper and lead ¦ forms this enor
mous value. The vein runs parallel with
the -main lead, and has been proved to a
depth of 130 feet. The principal owner of
the Lenora Is J. H. Craft, brother-in-law
of ¦ James Dunsmuir, '¦ Premier of ¦ British
Columbia and -millionaire coal mine
owner.
ment Fund.
¦ LOS ANGELES, Feb. 11.— Mrs. Anna G.
Hough ha3 placed in escrow a deed trans
ferring to, the University of Southern Cal
ifornia property valued at $23,000.' the
transfer to be completed on fulfillment of
the condition that the university raise an
additional $73,000 by October 1. Mrs. Hough
has - alreaily endowed the university, with
a $40,000 business block on Broadway un
der similar conditions. The trustees of the
university declare they will' have no diffi
culty In raising the specified sum. Mrs.
Hough Is the widow of the Rev. '-A. M.
Hough and the. only slsterof Jay Gould.
,GIFT TO A UNIVERSITY.
Mrs. Anna G. Hough Adds to Endow-
PARIS, Feb. 11.— The Gaulols to-day
says that at the obsequies of Queen Vic
toria, during the reception at Windsor,
Emperor William perceived near him a
group consisting of M. Pierre Padl Cam
bon, French Embassador to Great Britain.
Vice Admiral Blenalme. the head of the
French delegation attending the funeral,
and General Dubols. Addressing M. Cam
bon cordially his Majesty said:
"Well. M. Cambon, are you not coming
to greet me?" and as the latter ap
proached the. Emperor said: ,
"I wish it to.be well known that I love
France very much, and shall never al
low her to be touched."
"Sire." replied M. Cambon, ' "I thank
your Majesty for what you have been
good enough to say. France is_ a peace
ful country, but If ever she is attacked
she ls capable of defending herself quite
alone."
Expresses His Friendship for the
Republic and Meets "With
a Rebuff.
KAISEH WILLING
TO PROTECT FRANCE
The Government felt itself called upon
yesterday to deny that Sir Evelyn Wood
was going to the front. The whole Idea
ls simply ridiculous, as Sir Evelyn is not
only Ftone deaf, but not in the least per
sona grata with the King, whose wishes
he went out of his way to oppose in the
matter of a certain appointment a few
weeks, ago. >•
The King- of Portugal's departure last
evenins, it ls learned from diplomatic
sources, " has been Intentionally made
much of. There ls no doubt now that
during his stay here a most important
understanding was come to between Eng
land and Portugal. This was' given still
greater weight by the publication yester
day of a delayed telegram saying that
the Portuguese were co-operating with
the English to prevent the landing of war
material for the Boers.
There ls absolutely no doubt that news
has reached here from German ¦ sources
showing that the Boers are pretty well
at their last stand. The continued harass-
Ing, and the development of Lord Kitch
ener's well laid plans, leave them in a
well nigh hopeless condition. This view
ls also taken oa the stock exchange.
LONDON. Feb. 12.— A very curious
sentiment was prevalent In London yes
terday relative to the condition of af
fairs In South Africa^ It was one of su
preme hopefulness. There has never, been
any such buoyancy of sentiment since
Lord Roberts took Pretoria.
Special Dispatch to The Call
The official denial of the pardoning of
Mrs. Maybrick would have been issued
earlier but for the red tape rule of 'the
Home Offlce. which alone of all the
British Government department requires
that press inquiries shall be made In
writing and answered through the mails.
The only exception known was made thl*
afternoon for the beneflt of the Associated
Press. . After this was done the officials
freely said the Maybrick story was on a
par with tbe recent epidemic of "fakes'
published in the United States. amon<
them being: the statement that King Ed
ward is suffering from cancer: that there
wa3 friction between Lord Salisbury and
King Edward, and that General Sir
Evelyn Wood was going to South Africa
as peace commissioner, etc. The Mav
brlck report was circulated freely here
Sunday, and Mr. Choate, the United
States Embassador. told its authors last
night that It was untrue. .But this evi
dently had no weight with them, -and
when it was published nothing remained
but to wait until the Home Office made up
its mind to break through tradition and
give the quietus to "the latest of the utter
ly baseless reports.
"It <lld not need tho Home Offlce denial
to prove the absolute baselessness of the
Maybrick story. We rvould be the first to
be notified of any such action or proposed
action by the British Government. Xot a
single fact has arisen to give the slightest
justification for the story or to make the
release of. Mrs. Maybrick more probable
than heretofore."
LONDON. Feb. XL— An official of the
United States Embassy said to a repre
sentative of the Associated Press:
\VASHi:CGTON\ - Feb. 11.— The State
Department has not been advised of the
reported Intention of the British Govern
ment to pardon Mrs. Florence MaybrlcK,
the American woman imprisoned In Eng
land on a charge of pcrtsonine her hus
band. It Is said, however, that Mr.
Ohoate has lost no opnortunitv- at all
proper times, to work toward that end,
and it Is understood that his efforts have
been particularly energetic of late. Of
course, these efforts must be unofficial,
for It would not b« permissible for the
case to be made the subject of formal ex
change. Secretary Hay. while Embassa
dor to I»ndon. did all that ho could In
Mrs. Maj-brlck's behalf, and what Mr.
Choate is now doing is simply In continu
ation of that movement. It la honed,
however, that he is working under much
more favorable auspices and that success
is near at hand.
Story That She Is to Be
Pardoned Branded as
MRS. MAYBRICK
STILL IN PRISON
BOSTON, Feb. 11.— Representative Mc-
Fhtrscn of Friiuir:*liam was examined
by the House Committee to-day relative
to the allegation he made at a hearing
last week that $1,000,000 had been set aside
on the books of the New England Gas
and Coke Company for legislative pur
poses, and also that securities of a doubt
ful nature had been sold to banks in this
State. Mr. McPherson repeated his
charges, somewhat modified.
Thomas W. Lawson tes titled that ilc-
Pherscn's charges were true and that the
coke company's books would prove it.
Mr. Lawtoh said that he heard that
Henrv M Whitney, president of the gas
"nd?oke company, had paid him- $1,000,000
to stop persecuting the coke company.
"One of the directors," said Mr. Law
son "told me that the money had been
so voted and that he had been made one
of a committee to see that I got it."
Mr Lawson refused to give the name
of the director who had given him this
information, but said he would do so if
an investigation was held. The commit
tee took the question of ordering- an in
vestigation under advisement.
Representative. McPherson.
lUpsats Charges to Hous«
Committee. • .
COKE COMPANY'S
CORRUPTION FUND
The ushers wore uniforms, as did the
bridegroom. The bride was escorted by
her brother, J. Condit-Smith of New Jer
sey. She wore a superb costume of white
libertv i=llk over which was a satin skirt
.ind bodice heavily veiled with rennais-
Fance lace. Her veil was fastened with a
coronet of orange blossoms, and she car
ried a bouquet of lilies of the valley.
>^AIX BUREAU. 1*06 G STREET.
(7 7, N. W.. WASHINGTON. Feb. 11.—
(L . Miss Mary Condit-Smith and Lieu-
tenant Richard Stewart Hooker.
U. S. M. C. were married to-day
at noon at the Church of Epiphany, Bish
op Satterlee and Rev. Randolph McKlm
oaiciating. The chancel of the church
was decorated with graceful palms, gar
lands of laurel and pink and white roses.
On the white marble altar tall vases were
filled with white roses and lilies. Right
ushers preceded the bride to the chancel.
They were M. Zelenoy, Second Secretary
of the Russian embassy: George Howard,
Algernon Sartoris. Joseph Patterson. Ma
jor Charles McCawley, U. S. M. C: Lieu
tenant Coyle, U. S. M. C; Captain De
leno. V. S. N.; Lieutenant Clellan Davis,
u. s'. a.
One reason why business men In this
city generally believe that the great steel
deal is nearing a consummation. of some
kind Is the announcement that J. P. Mor
gan is planning to close up everything. in
the-next ten days and take his annual
vacation -trip.
It is also said that the American Bridge
Company will in Some way enter into the
new arrangement and that an agreement
will' be arranged with the Phoenix Bridge
Company, the only one outside of. the
bridge combination, . as to prices for five
years. Trade understanding will also be
arranged, it Is rumored, with the Cam
bria, Bethlehem. Pennsylvania and Lack
awanna Steel Company in respect to
prices of ; rails. Jn addition to the
question of the companies to be In
cluded and the methods of financing,
there ls to bfc considered the problems
growing out of legislation in the various
States in which the defendant properties
are located, and every, effort will be made
by those interested to harmonize the deal
with the widely different laws of the va
rious States. According to one Wall street
bulletin, no mammoth "trust" or "billion
dollar combination" is contemplated. The
propositions as discussed Id financial cir
cles appear, to hinge around one central
company as a controlling company.
One Wall street rumor to-day was to
the effect that John W. Gates contem
plated retiring from the management of
the American Steel and Wire ; Company
within the near future. "«
One of the rumors growing out of the
movements of tho steel magnates was to
the effect that a sale of the Carnegie
Company was not contemplated, but that
rather a division of territory was planned
on a pooling basis, and that peace' nego
tiations between the great steel compa
nies was what was really aimed at. On
this subject there is no information avail
able save the recent- statement from ex-
Judge Gary, president of the Federal
Steel Company, who gave out a typewrit
ten statement to the effect that J. P. Mor
gan & Co. are considering plans for the
acquisition of some of the largest iron and
steel companies of this country. The
point of interest at the present time ap
pears to be whether a pool or a great steel
combination is in contemplation. Accord-
Ing to the latest Wall street story, Mr.
Carnegie is to take from the syndicate
which is to purchase his stock collateral
trust notes with a guarantee of certain
dividends not yet agreed upon. The stock,
so the rumor goes. Is to be deposited and
the dividends are to be left to accumulate
to pay for the stock. These interests buy
ing the Carnegie stocks are, it is claimed,
also, to purchase interest in certain other
companies, though it ls not clear as yet
what these companies are. It Is generally
believed, however, that as the deal pro
gresses among the number will be the
Federal Steel. Steel and Wire, National
Tube and National Steel. According to
one story, the stock of these companies
will be deposited with the three trustees
who will hold the stock in trust as a
guarantee that the terms of agreement
will ..be lived up to, certain forfeiture
clauses being provided.
NEW YORK, Feb. 1L— The • arrival of
Henry C. Frlck in this city to-day started
the gossips in Wall street discussing fresh
steel trade negotiations and the' prospects
of bringing them to an early and satis
factory conclusion. • Mr. Frlck was re
ported to have had conferences with Bev
eral persona interested In railroads, Iron
mines and steel mills, but no positive offi
cial information could be had even on this
subject. J. P. Morgan himself, when seen,
reiterated with some emphasis that he
had nothing to say, and that when he did
have anything to say he could be relied
upon to say it. '
No Mammoth Trust or Bil
lion Dollar Combina
tion Planned.
STEEL INTERESTS
MAY BE POOLED
Henry Hooker of Tale was the best man.
The rector read the betrothal service at
the foot of the chancel steps and the cou
ple advanced to the altar for the comple
tion of the ceremony and benediction .by
the bishop. A wedding breakfast followed
the ceremony at the residence of Mrs.
Field, widow of Justice Field of the Su
preme Court and an aunt of the hand
some young bride.
Tho floral decorations were very elab
orate of roses, carnations and lilies. In
termingled with ferns and palms. Only
relatives and a limited number of inti
mate friends were present with the bridal
party at breakfast.
After the honeymoon Lieutenant Hook
er and his bride will reside at the Brook
lyn navy yard, where the former is now
stationed.
Mrs. Hooker was in Peking last sum
mer, a guest of United States Minister
and Mrs. Conger, during the time of the
thrilling siege in that city, and It was
fc-ared for some time that she had per
ished with all tho foreigners there at the
time. Mrs. Hooker has only recently re
turned to this country. While in the
Orient she was a guest for some time of
her brother-in-law, and sister. Lieutenant
end Mrs. Kays. Another sister ls»' the
wife of Major General Wood. Military.
Governor of Cuba. . .
SPOKANE, Feb. 11.— Mrs. Agnes Halo?,
formerly of Denver, commited suicide
here to-day by hanging herself In her
kitchen.. Morris Goldstein, a; tailor, who
had been living with the woman, was ar
rested; but later released. -The couple hal
lived in Denver,' Salt Lake, SanFrancisco
and Butte.~3najHSBaHMMSHMaa£BMmiwfM|
Ends Life by Hanging.
SEATTLE, Feb.- 11.— The steamship
Dolphin arrived in port. this afternoon
with a number ¦¦ of passengers from the
Yukon. She brings the latiat develop
ments in the Dr. -Bettlnger case. The
theory generally accepted In Dawson by
the. mounted police Is that the missing
doctor disappeared with a view of getting
away from^hts wife and friends. The
mounted police have traced Bettinger al
most to the coast. •
Betting'er Probably Lives.
CAPE TOWN, Feb. 12.— The Govern
ment has decided to give notice to foreign
nations of the fact that Cape Town is in
fected with the bubonic plague. There Is
no longer any doubt. as to the nature of
the disease. .Three additional . cases are
announced. ¦
All Nations of Existence of
the Disease.
Government Decides to. Give Notice to
BUBONIC PLAGUE NOW
PREVALENT AT CAPE TOWN
LINCOLN, Neb.. ' Feb. 11.— A posslbls
ending of the Nebraska Senatorial dead
lock came to-night, when seventy Repub
lican legislators, two short of the entire
Republican membership, signed an agree
ment to go into caucus to-morrow 'night.
The call provides that fifty members shall
nominate by open ballot and that nomina
tions for the long and short terms shall
be simultaneous. The agreement came
unexpectedly after different caucus peti
tions bad been circulated during the even
ing. .-It cannot be seen that the agreement
especially favors any one particular can
didate.
in Nebraska Finally Agree to
Go Into a Caucus.
Majority, of Republican Legislators
END OF A SENATORIAL
. DEADLOCK Tit SIGHT
WASHINGTON*. Feb. 11.— The State
Department has decided in favor of the
American wife of Marcus Ezzegui as the
rightful possessor of the $5000 indemnity
which the Government of Morocco ls to
pay on account of the killing of Ezzegut.
Favors the American Wife.
Tariff Act Reaches Washington.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 11.— The long-ex
pected Philippine tariff act, as perfected
by the commission, has just reached
Washington, where it awaits the ap
proval of the Secretary of War.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 11.— Senator For
aker to-day reported from the Committee
on Pacific Islands and Porto Rico a bill
providing for the retirement of Hawaiian
currency and coinage, and the recolnage
of the latter into United States money.
To Retire Hawaiian Currency.
WASHINGTON', Feb. ll.-Senafor Mor
gan gave. notice of an amendment to the
sundry civil, or river and harbor bill,
authorizing the acquirement of sufficient
territory from Costa Rica and Nicaragua
for the construction of the Nicaragua
canal. ,
Morgan Has an Amendment.
The gross receipts of the San Francisco
Postofflce for January, 1901. are $37,720,
egalnst J90.S03 for January. 1900. Los An
geles. J2G.27S. against $23,978 for the same
month in 19C0. .
Free delivers' will be established March
1 at Acampo, San Joaquln County, Cali
fornia.
Washington— Original — Albert A. Blake.
Orttog. $6. Widows— Jennett Williamson.
Latonia. $3.
Oregon— Additional— Charles H. Miller,
Hopkins, $3. Increase^ — William Kertson,
Gaston, $10. Original— Widows— Sarah B.
Evans. Sheridan. $12.
Oregon— J. N. Bramhall, Aims) Clacka
nias County, vice C. K. Bhamhall, re
signed; A. B. Chartraw, Derby, Jackson
County, vice W. II. Derby, resigned.
Washington — J. A. Fanoher, Manila,
mas County, vice C. K. Bramhall, re
signed; Christopher Carrothers, Otis, San
Juan County, vice G. F. Hess, resljsmed;
Ida McCormick. Tulallp. Snohomish
County, vice William McCluskey, re
signed.
Pensions issued: California— Original-
James B. Davis, Ferndale. $12. Additional
—David Stillings. Ferndale. $10. .Increase
¦ — Peter R. I^ear, Soldiers' Home, 1 Los An
geles, $10; Ellas -K. Cooper. Los Angeles,
$12. • Reissue — Henry S. West. Berkeley.
$17. ¦ Mexican war— Widows— Sarah Ann
Fugltt, Glenvllle. . $8. . War with Spain-
Original— Oscar B. Evans, Uklah. $10;
Carl M. Gardner, San Francisco. $8.
Postmasters appointed: California— S.
A. Mclaughlin. Goshen, Tulare County,
vice William Howard, removed..
WASHIXGTON, Feb. 11.— Postofilce es
tablished: Oregon — Reuben, Columbia
County; Ray E. .Watts, Postmaster.
Washington— Bartow, KItsap County;
Louise A. Bartow, Postmaster.
Postofflce Changes and list of Pen-
INTERESTS THE COAST.
sions Issued.
PETTALUMA, Feb. 1L— In spite of the
story and Its subseoucnt corroboration
that James dwell. - an ex-Califomia.
Northwestern Railway contractor, had
commlted. suicide In Alaska. Elwell Is
alive and In good health. In a letter to
Petaluma friends a Dawson City. writer
says that Elwell is In good circumstance*
and that he bad just returned from a lone
hunting trip after moose and caribou.
LOS ANGEIXS, Feb. 11. -Leon Lyons, a
Frenchman, aged 40 years, committed tnlcM*
last night by turning on the gas In hla room
at the Sylvan lodging-Toons*. £3<i East First
stre«t.
James Elwell Not a Suicide.
Burghers Are Now Believed
to'Be at Their Last
Stand.
WAR WITH BOERS
PRACTICALLY OVER
. The nominations of the many junior of- i
fleers of the army under the reorganiza
tion act, it is said at the War Depart
ment probably will be submitted to the
Senate at the end of the present week.
The applications are in the ratio of at
least ten to one, compared 4 with the posi
tions. The War Department has found it
It Is understood there will be a change
in the order in which the nominations
¦were made, which will relieve them of the
criticism that was made on account of
the high relative position the original as
signments gave certain officers.
During the afternoon' there was a hur
ried meeting of the committee, at which
a favorable report upon all the brigadier
nominations before the committee were
acted upon and at the second closed ses
sion of the Senate they were all reported.
These favorable recommendations include
not only the nominations heretofore re
ported but also the nominations of Gen
erals Wood, Grant and Bell, which had
been previously passed over, and also
those of General Fitzhugh Lee and James
H. Wilson, whose names were sent to the
Senate to-day. When the nominations
were reported Senator Pettigrew objected
to favorable consideration, and they went
over until to-morrow under the « Senate
rules.
The Senate held two brief executive ses
sions to-day. for the consideration of the
nominations of the offlce of brigadier gen
eral sent in by the President under the
army reorganization act. At the first ses
sion the nominations which had been fa
vorably commented upon were committed
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Miles, to be lieutenant gen
eral; to be major generals— Brigadier Gen
eral S. B. M. Young, U. S. A.; Colonel
Adna R. Chaffee, Eighth Cavalry. U. S.
A. (major general U. S. V.), Brigadier
General Arthur MacArthur, U. S. A. (ma
jor general U. 9. V.).
WASHINGTON. Feb. 1L— The
Senate has confirmed the fol
lowing nominations:
Major General Nelson A.
Similar arrangements are being made for
the immediate organization of the bat
teries of the light artillery provided for
under the new law.
As the other regiments are organized,
equipped and drilled they will be forward
ed by battalions to San Francisco for
transportation to the Philippines.
The designations of the new regiments
are in continuation of the numerical sys
tem of the existing army. The field and
regimental officers for each of the new
regiments have been chosen and will be
officially announced In a few days.
The First battalions of the Twenty-sixth
and Twenty-seventh have been already
organized at San Francisco and will be
sent to Manila on the Sheridan, which
sails on the 16th inst.
Eleventh Cavalry, headquarters Fort
Myer, Virginia-
Twelfth Cavalry, Fort Sam Houston,
Texas.
Thirteenth Cavalry, Fort Meade. 8. D.
Fourteenth Cavalry, Fort Leavenworth,
Kansas.
Fifteenth Cavalry. Presidio. San Fran r
cisco.
Twenty-sixth Infantry, Fort McPherson,
Georgia. '.
Twenty-seventh Infantry, Plattsburg
Barracks, New York.
Twenty-eighth Infantry. Vancouver
Barracks, Washington.
Twenty-ninth Infantry, Fort Sheridan.
Illinois. .
Thirtieth Infantry, Fort Logan, Colo
rado. »
necessary to ask for some corrective leg
islation, in connection with the army re
organization act. This Is to be secured
by a "rider" to one of the appropriation
bills. The corrections concern the com
missary and quartermaster's departments,
and the purpose Is to open these depart
ments to volunteer officers of all branches
of the service.
Orders were prepared at the "War De
partment to-day for the organization, as
sembling «nd equipment of the tea addi
tional regiments authorized by the army
reorganization law.
According to these orders, the new regi
ments win Tie assigned and located as fol
lows:
This revenue bill, they hold, ls a nasty
piece of legislation, conceived without
proper study of the peculiar institutions
and customs of the island, and with pro
visions utterly repugnant to the tradi
tions of native citizens.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11— Cornins to pro
teat to President McKlnley and to Con
gress against a,revenus bill Just passed
by their native Legislature and signed by
Governor Allen, there arrived in this city
to-day on tne steamer Ponce from San
Juan a commission of Porto liicans com
posed of prominent men. They assert that
they represent practically th© whole of
the more responsible element of Porto
Rico's commerce and Industries. Although
the bill to which they object was passed
by a Legislature elected by the Porto
Hicans themselves, tha Commissioners
contend that its provisions- raising an an
nual Income of the S2.000.000 needed for the
Island's administration are so placed as
to make an unsupportable burden upon
fomc of the most important industries of.
Porto Rico. They have no hesitation in
declaring that Its enforcement would be
ruinous.
Special Dispatdr to Tha Can.
They Claim That Enforcement of "Lomt
Framed by the Island's Leg
islature Would Be Host ;
Ruinous.
Commission Arrives to Fight
the Revenue Bill Just
Passed.
PORTO RICANS
COME TO PROTEST
In the course of the debate upon this
motion Sulzer declared that he was will
ing to father every word of the letter.
The r>emocrats filibustered, against ' the
motion to expunge tho letter, and finally
forced an adjournment.
Knox of Massachusetts declared that
Sulzer's attack was contemptible, anrl
moved that the letter be stricken from
the record.
imatic and consular appropriation bill an
Impassioned pro-Boer speech by Sulzer
of Xew York drew from Mahon of Penn
sylvania a recital of the raising of a fun'J
of $1200 for the benefit of the widows of
the Boer soldiers at a meetlngheld in this
city, at which Sulzer presided. • He de
"clared that only $18 reached, the. Boer
widows. This stung • Sulzer, who, >. in . a
lengthy reply, said he had.no connection
with the expenditure of the fund. He fol
lowed his own defense by havinglread-an
anonymous letter which made a sensa
tional personal attack en Perry S. Heath,
late assistant Postmaster General, who
was secretary of the Republican National
Committee during the recent campaign. It
charged Heath with being Neely's spon
sor and denying it after the latter's ar
rest, and -also mado allegations against
Heath in connection with Government de
posits in New York banks. Sulzer charged
Heath with being responsible for the cir
culation of the stories about his connec
tion with the Boer fund.
During the consideration of the diplo-
WASHINGTON'. Feb. ll.-Thls was a
field day in the. House, being by far the
liveliest day during the present session.
An Interesting debats over the.constitu
tional., limitations on the power of the
Senate over revenue legislation initiated
by^ the House was precipitated when
Payne, the chairman of the Ways and
Means Committee, brought In the resolu
tion of the. committee to disagree to the
substitute proposed bv the Senate as an
amendment to the war revenue reduction
act, and to ask for a conference with tha
Senate. Tawney of, Minnesota Insisted
upon A division of the resolution, and
after the first portion— to disagree— had
been adopted he made the point of order
that the second motion was not in order
bepause the Senate in Its substitute had
Invaded the constitutional prerogative of
the House. The House voted 233 to 3S lo
ask for a conference.
Presents an Anonymous Letter At
tacking Perry S. Heath, Late
Secretary of tfce Repub
lican Committee.
Sulzer of New York Makes
an Impassioned Pro-
Boer Speech.
LIVELY DEBATE
IN THE HOUSE
no fdea. preva:i*»d that in the seventeen |
rtays of »h#» session r^mairJng, the bill, a ;
fienate measure, which would have to be j
pushed bv the House to become a law, )
o<-.u!d be- disposed of. He regarded it "ab
surd" that any thought of passing 'the
measure at this session Should be enter
tain*^. He then moved that the Judiciary
Committee be discharged from, considera
tion cf the anti-trust bill passed by the
House and that the Senate proceed "to Its
consideration.
Pending that motion, "Wolcott of Colo
rado said he folt it his duty to say in
r*ply to Mr. Jor.es' statement that at this
time in the session many Senators were
• bliped to absent themselves from the
Senate chamber in order to attend to lm
;ortant committee work. Their absence
did not at all indicate an indifference as
to the shipping bill.
Upon objection by Chandler, the motion
of Jnn^-s. under the rules, went over until
to-morrow, the Arkansas Senator giving
rotice that he would press It at that time
If he could do so without antagonizing the
appropriation bills.
Platt of Connecticut explained that the
Judiciary Committee for several days had
had the anti-trust bill under considera
tion and he protested that the committee
should not be discharged summarily
from its work.
During Mr. Caffery's speech the Senate
was called several times to produce a
c-jorum. Finally, at the conclusion of one
' f the calls. Frye. chairman of the Com
mittee on Commerce, said:
"The Commerce Committee has permis
sion of the Senate to si: during sessions
of the Scnaf. Jf Senators desire to have
.-•- river and harbor bill at this session it
may not be possible for the committee to
report it '.f it is continually interrupted by
the calls of the Sonate."
"In "order to aid the committee," sug
gested Jones facetiously, "it might be well
for the Senate to take a recess while the
committee is in session."
Caffery's speech was further Interrupted
by a brief executive .session and the pas
page of a resolution offered by Spooner
calling upon the Secretary of the Treas
ury to furnish the Senate the number and
tonnage of vessels engaged in foreign
commerce, number now engaged in the
coastwise trade that could enter the for
eign trade under the pending bill and also
the amount of subsidy each vessel would
receive under the bill. The resolution also
calls for the number of foreign built ves
sels authorized to come under American
r^pistry by the bill and the, amount of
subsidy each would receive and the num
ber of foreign ships registered as con
tracted to be built under .the provisions of
the bills.
Senators Allison. Aldrlch and Jones of
Arkansas were appointed conferees on the
revenue bill. • *,.-J
Resuming, Caffery declared that the b!ll
"is a bald, bold grant of the people's
money to till the pockets of shipbuilders
and ship owners. As such it is absolutely
unconstitutional and void. It Ls robbery
Tinder the form of law. You can tax the
people for a public purpose, but you can
not give away the people's money for a
jirivate purpose."
Before Caffery concluded, the Senate at
E:!E> p. m. went into executive session and
at 6 o'clock adjourned.
nbnut the accuracy of Tillman' s state
ment.
Pettigrew said that when a member of
'•ne of the armor plate concerns was be
fore the Appropriations Committee, he ad
mitted that the Carnepie and Bethlehem
companies had an apretment to bid the
sam« fam for the armor.
TiJlman declared that the hjgli price
named in the contract for armor was rixed
as an Inducement to the Carnegie and
Bethlehem companies to make a large
contribution to the Republican campaign
fund. The bill was passed without divi
sion.
Hanna then moved to take up the ship-
Ting- bill. The motion prevailed by a vote
of S3 to 14.
Caffery of Louisiana addressed the Sen
ate in opposition to the bill, declaring It
¦would not promote the commerce and In
crease the for<*5|rn trade of the United
States, as Its t'.iie proclaimed, but was
really def!jrrje<1 :o furnish a donation to
certain pteamship lines. He believed that
ro new lines would spring: into existence
¦under the bill, as the entire subsidy would
be absorbed by the present Mines. He
Thought the bill : unconstitutional, and
dwelt at ler.gth en the large amount of
subsidy it pave to high speed Ehlps.
Caffery asserted that there was nothing
in the pending bill that would be of ad
vantage to American seamen.
Hanr.a interposed to say that one of the
objects pubserved by The bill would be the
Increased number of places afforded to
p« amen upon American vessels. He point
ed out that Th* waees paid by vessels
under the American flag were Just about
t^ice as larpe as those paid under any
other flap, and under the provisions of
this bill American ship owners would be
able to ray such wages and at the same
t!me nr-n foreign competition in the car
rying trarie.
Jonr-s of Arkansas interrupted, suggest
ing th<? absence of a Quorum.
The rol! call disclosed the presence of
fifty-Fix Senators. Jones of Arkansas
thought therp must be some good r**ai?on
for the "manifest indifference" of so
large a part c{ the Republican Senators
to this bill. In his opinion the reason
for the '"mnnifeFt Indifference" was that
Illinois was passed.
The r.ava! n rproprtatlon bill vr&s then
taken up. Tillman of South Carolina had
• xpected to discuss the armor plate ques
:i<-,n, which was before the Senate when
the Mil was laid aside on Saturday. He
?a!d he de-Fired to present evidence which
mold show the bad faith with which the
•^ampjrie nnd Bethlehem companies had
treated the Government. The companies
l;sd said positively that they were unable
to ir.ake Krupp crmorfor less than 5545 per
ton. fet they had entered into a contract
for r.rmor at a lower price. He would be
f-aripfkd. he said, if the chairman of the
Naval Affairs Committee. Hale, would
t^rroboratp what he said.
Hale replied that there was no question
ate convened to-day p.t 1 o'clock Turley
of Tennessee presented the credentials of
bi» successor. Edward W. Carmack, elect
ed a Senator for a terra of six years be-
March 4. 1901.
Teller of Colorado presented the creden
tials of Thomas M. Patterson, elected a
Senator from Colorado for the terra of six
years beglr.r.in? March 4, 190L The creden
tials of both Senators-elect were filed.
A bill providing for an additional Dis
trict Jv6f:e for the Northern District of
Peitigrew and Tillman Dis
cuss the Armor-Plate
Question.
>
On. Motion of TTurm^ the Subsidy
Bill le Taken TJp, but "Lit
tle Progress Made
With. It.
.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 11.— When the Sen-
SENATE PASSES
THE NAVAL BILL
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAUL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1901.
flarriage of a Heroine of the Siege of Peking
to Lieutenant R. S. Hooker.
MISS CONDIT-SMITH
AN OFFICER'S BRIDE
MILES TO REMAIN
LIEUTENANT GENERAL
Senate Also Confirms the Nominations of
Young, Chaffee and Tlac Arthur.
"WASHINGTON; Feb. 11.— Considerable Interest Is taken In army circles J
In the order in -which the President sent to the Senate the nominations ol 2
officers to.be major generals and brigadier generals. If "the' plan to retire -,
Lieutenant General NelsonA. Miles on August 8, 1901, Is. carried out, these j
officers will be eligible for promotion to the command of the army: *i
. . . • Date of ;
. Retire- *j
Name. Age. ment *j
Major General Elwell S. Otis -. 62 1903. 1
Major General J. R. Brooke 62 1902" J
Major General S. B. M. Young : 60 1901 J
Major General A. R. Chaffee iw..'.:..... ..:... ...*68 1906 A
Brigadier General J. F. Wade * "' 67 1907 .-,
Major General Arthur MacArthur..... 56 190S H
Brigadier General Leonard Wood ': 40 1924 J
Brigadier General F. D. Grant '..' 51 1913 J
Brigadier General J. Franklin Bell.... - 44 1920 j
3
ATWETH.'1'IRTrM KM '!***,
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something -just as good.
Vist? DR. JORDAN'S great n
HUSEUM OF AHATOMY*
.fcf The Uggwt AMtomirtl Mwct hi tfte \
-^ -T., . V'ort ± W •htaftM* «r any contracted 4
*vyi$S cliicite pcsltl«.^3y <Mr*dh 7 *e tldnt V
UtTijJiy bpecnli«tutCh.C<»sCi £u.j6yau». V
«S£f* 2 M * *C2a£+-?p.iy&Ts otsiAsis s
3 StTS5B Ceamlmtan fre« »r>4 ttrlrtJr prints \
J jVrrg Tr« cunt p«rv>n».'!y or bjr Urtcr. A ft
Q fir q| B >w.l'M lVril.-i.r»iry<-»WJuaJrru*en. 7
P i I HKi Write far Back. FOlLOSOraVvf A
"M It ¦absiaok. maius frss. < a f
fl /t. . ' valuable book (or »r«j \
DB. JT&BD AX dtC*..XSltfarfcet 8t..S.f. W
Retail Dnnrplsts. Acts.. Fourth and
Spring Sts., Loa An&slea, Cal.
. Any one knows aad knows when eur«d. W*
have offered a reward of S25 for -4 years hers
in Los Angeles to anyone with Ptl«9 who coul.l
not bo cured with 1 box of V«ru» Pll» Cure,
and not one person has claimed the reward.
We now oSer and tvill pay any one suffering
with Piles iZO who cannot b« cured with Veras
Pile Cure. Our record shows over 10.000 cared.
"Write for Information. Perhaps we have your
neighbor's testimonial. Price %-. postpaid.
VERUS PILE CUBE CO., Room 225, Wilsaa Bli
Or EL.LIXGTOX DRUO CO.. Wholesale and
Every one is in danger who neglects
the warnings of declining health. The
warnings are not as startling as the sud-
den shriek of a locomotive, but thej axe
just as ominous. When the body begins
to lose in flesh,
4 ?gk* •when the cheek is
flS&Sw!*5l<55 = » - hollow and the
J£§5c£&^^ <"^5? skin sallow it i3
sHiiliia * ffcijriHpC? that the body is
"^^g* s_ r*^ff? H, if. failing of proper
B *££ > nourishment. 1 1
gj " a condition of
StU^" sSSi^T. ''weak" stomach,
/t?///A^, *^ and " weak " stom-
'^-. ac^ soon involves
fs^ *" ff other organs. Dr.
* 'xCP^ftJ^k. "*fe^£-Pi er( : e ' s Golden
(ffy/^fffi*; - r ' """' Medical Discovery
<^jr\^ "~"^"— ct:re3 diseases of
COr*Slf /S^the stomach and
Xw^CgM y/W" other organs of
U&~~'^^\. (\ ( digestion and mi-
\$ tntion, and crxr^s
fif^t through the stcin-
** ach diseases seem-
ingly remote, but which have their
origin in the disease of the stomach and
its allied organs.
There is no alcohol in the " Discovery "
and it is absolutely free from opiuni,
cocaine, and all other narcotics. ;
" Bcfcre I cojcnienced to use yonr medicise I
• was in a bad condition (for eight yeanO, and
four doctors treated me." writes ilrs. Bettis
Askew, of Garvstmrs, Northampton Co., N. C.
"They, of course, jrave toe at the time sorrs
. relief, but it did not last Ion?. I was some davs
in ray bed and some days I dragged abcut tno
house. I have used five bottles of the ' Goldea
; Medical Discovery' aad five of the "Favorite
Prescription ' and four vials of the ' Pelletv'
Now I feel like a sew woin&a, asd I wast the
¦world to know it."
Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser, iooS
large pages, paper binding, sent /res on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only, or 31 stamps
for it in cloth binding. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
CA.NO Y CATHAST1C ***
Genuine stomped CC C Never sold Jn bulk.
/^0mk bottle bunto
/ *^&SSt MCBURNEY'S
ft^V JOfi npv an<f ZMtor
$)lw ***»****v' OURB
ty¥ A thorough euro tar
I Q pains in t he tae i,
A* BRIGHTS DISEASE.
. 24 r /^ female troubles, Incon-
i of uili:e, br'.ci dnst deposits, bed-
wettlng o! children, travel, pall ctosea,
dropsy, dlabete*. nnct rho-imatlsirx.
FOR SALE AT
TES OWL DRUO CO.. 113 Market St..
AND AT
DAIILBENTJER DRUO CO.. 34 Kearny «..
Een<t 2Se In 2c stamps to W. F. McBurn»y.
4!S 8. Spr!r.sr St.. Zjom Angel**. Cat., for S
<!«y»' treatment. Pr»rald H 50. Prnrgiita.. OAKLAND- TRACK. Feb. 11.— Weather fine: track heavy. |_v ,_.._¦_.. .-»,-, - .- ¦
171*2. FIRST RACE-Slx furlongg. three-year-olds; purse, HOP. '
j T : ~ " Betting.
IndexiHorge. -Arc "Weight. St. " %.- " %. : • %. Str. Kin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
, JEM |Dunfri?e 119 ~1 1~2 IT 77. Tl l~ii Jenkins ..... 3-2 5-2
1729 j St. Rica 1194 3 2 2 1 ... 2 1 2 2 Ruia » 1 3;5
1740 . jCambaeeres 114 3 414 42 ... 32 36' Fallehy .... 8 Z0
1779 George Dewey ill 2 6 64 ... 42 45 Mounce .... 3 6
1537 Spindle ]jj 6 5 j, 6 ... 6 6 1 Ross 12 30
.... -fAgnaUcla 1W| B 2h 3h ... 5 3 6 J. Paly _10 s0
Time-*. :2oH; H. :5l*i; %. 1:17. Good etart. Won flret three driving. AVlnner, Burns &
"Waterhou^s b. g., by Duneombe-Free Love. Winner best rMden. Ruiz on St. Rica
waited too long. Cambaceres is gradually Improving. Scratched— Follow Me 111, I nil
Archibnld 122. Skip lie 109. ¦¦ __^_^_~
17».1. FECOXD- RACE-Slx furlongs, four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
j ' ~ I ~ Betting.
Index Horse, Age. Weight. St. %. y,. Etr. Fin. Jockeys. Op- Cl.
1671 iFlamero. 5 ...104 1'... 41 31 11 14 IMounee 5-2 12-5
1779 !Ousto, 4 104 s ... 11 1 1H 2 2 2 l'/i 1J. Ransch... 10 ls
17M IClarando, 3 10li 5 ... 21 21 S3 31 Devln 8 12
I"73 jIa Mascotta, a....lC2l 2 ... 3 H 4 1V4 4 1 4 6 Domlnick ..3 6
17?.3 I Socialist. 6 107 8 ... 7 4 7 10 5% 6 1% |Bullman .... 6-5 7-5
1674 Mitten. 4 ...99 4 ... • 61 61 t 61 J. Daly 10 10
1045 Norford. 4.: 104 7- ... 8 8 7 1 7 1 L. Daly 10 60
1671 Rosalhra, a 107| 6 ... 6 6 5 1 6 1 8 E. Ross 10 2o
Time— M, -25; -4, :50»i; %. 1:16. Fair etart. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner,
D. Cameron's ch. p., by Flambeau-Bonlar. Flamero under wraps nmst of the way. Gusto
tired. Clarando shewed Improvement. Socialist away poorly and very sore. Scratched—
: &lor^
17IM. THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; puree, $400. r**"
_ _____
Iadex Horse. Age, Weight. St U- Mi. %• Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
1721 CorrlRan 109 3 ... ... 2 1 ... 1 h Bullman 3 7-2
17^J iDr. Scharff 118 1 ... ... 13 ... 2 4 Jones 7-10 8-0
173» IVassallo ...; 110 9 7 4 ... 3 4 Jenkins 5 5-2
1631 jRarklyite 115 2 3 2 ... 4 2 Ruiz 10 20
1672 IMcnantic 102 6 4 1 ... 6 4 Mounce 6 8
1652 Jl^mha 107 7 ... ... 5 1 ... 6 4 Lo<?ue * "
IMonfoya 110 5 ... ... 6 2 ... 7 5 Gaffney 30 40
lf*t Fre-i Atterbury, 107 8 8 6 ... ? 2 Stuart 20 ¦ 8
1757 I^arghetta 107 4 8 6 ... 9 2 Devln W . " 10
.... Mins Brent wood.. ..up 10 ... ... 10 ... 10 Soils 60 SO
Time— y. :24%; %. :4&H. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. T. CarT*« br. c.
by imp. Saln-Ada Reese. I>r. Scharff outbroke his field, but was trailed down and cut
garnet by Corrlgan. Vassal In cut off at the start; came from far back. Larghctta cut
down. Scratched— Flora Pomona 110. 'Coupled with Barklyite.
1705. FOURTH RACE~Pix furlong*, selling, four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
j ! " Betting.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. ISt. U- Vi- %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
1744 [Frank Dell. 5 10s|"l ~\ 77. l~tt Tl 1 1V6 Mounce .... 5-2 9-5
1772 {Rollick. 3 57 4 43 ... 44 44 2h Ransch .... 5 6
1173 ITellowtail. 4 104 3 24 ... 26 22 32 Domlnick ..11
1661 jTTie IJjrht. 6 US 2 32 ... 34 33 42 ITurner 6 10
1774 !K1 Topio. 3 97 6 5 4 ... 5 4 5 10 6 10 IL.. Daly SO 60
.... jMatlMa P. 3. 95 [ 5 6 ... 6 6 6 jStuart 100 300
Time— ' 4 . :25: H. :49; «i. 1:16. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner,
J. W. O'NVaJ & Co. s b. g.. by Big Henry-Flora Leach. Frank Bell had all the speed.
Yellowtail labored from the start. Too much weight on The Light. Scratched— Meehanus
US. TriRtrain S9. Summer 104, True Blue 119.
171)0. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs, selling, four-year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
j j : ¦ I I Betting.
Index (Horee. Age, Weight. iSt. %. H- %• Str. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. Cl.
1533 'iSea l-lon. 6 106~l Tl Tl H£ T7. 1 2 i Bullman ... 4-5 3-5
1755 Rio Shannon, 4. ...102 3 32 3tt 84 ... 28 |Kelly 100 200
1.-.75 Coming Event. 4... 97 2 2h 12 24 ... 32 [Ransch 6 6
3770 ISam Howard, 4... }»3 8 9 61 65 ... 42 IDomlnick .. 10 15
36T.9 Urchin. 4 Iu6 6 6H 54 6H ... 54 Mounce 7 8
16K! , The Buffoon. 4 106 5 42 46 4V4 -. 64 Devin 8 30
829 Kastalne, 5 107 4 66 82 9 ... 71 Bergen 30 100
17T.6 |Joe Ripley, a 105 9 8 7 1 8 % ... 8 Vi Jenkins .... 5 10
1612 [Ringmaster, a 109 7 7 4 9 7 H ... 9 Howson ;... 13 30
1666 ! Jolly Briton. 4 99;10 Pulled up .^ „; Yancey . 100 100
Time— H. :ir?i; %. :36Vi; %, 1:02; %, 1:29. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner, Caesar Young's b. h.. by imp. Deceiver-imp. Sea View. Sea Lion the class.
Shannon well ridden. Sam Howard away poorly. Coming Event better on a fast track.
Joe Ripley refused ta break. Scratched— Alleviate ICO, Don Luis' 10», Cue 102, Sptke 99.
1707. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongg; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
I I Betting.
Index; Horse, Age. Weight. jSt. %. H- %- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
1742 ijerid. 6 110 1 ... 12 12 11 11 Bullman.... 6 9
1712 ! Maggie. Davis, 5.. .105 4 ... 21 24 22 2h Dominlck ... 8-5 S-5
1173 |Tll>uron, a 101 5 ... 34 34 34 33 Mounce 6-2 5-2
1737 iDolly Weithoff, 5. .102 2 ... 6 >-i 4 1 4 1 4 2 Ransch 2 7-2
17M) I Prestidigitator. 4. .101 7 ... 44 84 6 V, 5 >^ J. Daly 7 10
17M) jBoundlee. 4 li>li 3 ... 6 1 7 6 2 6 5 J. T. Woods 8 10
1712 jGrand Sachem. 6. .104! 6 ... 7 5% 7 7 Devin 20 15
Tlme-H, :24>i; %. :4S>4; «i, 1:14%. Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving.
Winner. J. H. Shields & Co.'? ch. h. by Kabine-Fedalma. Jerld wanted to stop, but Bull
man wouldn't let him. Bit too much weight on Maggie. Dollie Weithoff lacked speed.
"PreFty" sulked. Scratched— Good Hope 103, Montallade 104.
TA XFORAN* PARK. February lC Weather fine Track fast.
17*«*. FIRST RACE — Six and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index (Horse. Age, Weight. St. %i u,. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys, j Op. CL
17C? Toah. 3 92 7 ... 6h 4h 3 4 1 1 J. Walsh 5-2 11-5
(1674) Donator. 5 107 3 ... .7- 54 41 21 Henry 8-5 13-3
li.4 ilmpromptu, 3 9S S ... 4^4 6 2 6 2 S 4 Buchanan .. 4 9-2
<173<;) lEdinborough, 4 107 2 ... 21 lh lh 45 O'Connor ... 6 . h
1TT6 IVantlne. 4 10; 4 ... 3.h 2 1 24 6 n T. Burns.... 4 7
1734 iNovla. 6 105] 1 ¦ ... 14 34 63 66 Enos 6 S
1778 jContlnus. 3 9»j 6 ... ill 7 ' 7 Murphy ..:. 50 150
Time— 3-16. :U%; 7-16. :434: 9-16. :f6; 64f. 1:2114. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and
third driving. Winner, P. Dunnes ch. gr. bv imp. Bassetlaw-Modesty. Toah much the
b?st. When Walsh let him down he came on and won quite handily. Edinborough plenty
of early, rpeed. Vantine and Novla dogged it. Scratched— Osmond 107. Vohlcer 107, Billy
Moons 104. McNamara 104. Morella 102.
17^7. SECOND RACE— Three furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $350. """"""* ~*~~ ~^*'~~ ——^
j I ¦ — - - Betting.
Index JHorse, Age. Weight. St. %. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
1775 I Rory Ough US 2 1H ... 13 Buchanan ., 7-10 1
16C2 [Minerva 103 1 ... ... 3 1 ... 2 ns See 30 20
1775 Maraschino 106 3 ... ... 24 ... 8 1 Henry 7 6
1739 Legal Maxim 105 4 ... ... 4 3 ... 4 6 O'Connor ... 5-2 I
1721 Muslque 110 5 6 8 ... 6 2 Burlingame 40 100
.... ;yuadra 110 6 6h ... C 6 J. Walsh.... 10 30
1737 |E. M. Brattaln....ll3| 8 ... ... 8 4 ... 7 3 Russell 10 20
.... iResln 113j 7 7 1 ... 8 1 Enos 20 100
iRemele 11131 9 9 9 King * «
Tine— 4, :124; %. :36. Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving. Winner, J.
Lodge & Co.'s ch. c. by Imp. Friar Tuck-Queen Kaplolanl. Rory got best ride. Minerva
with a good boy might have won. Maraschino ran to form. Scratched— Luclen \ ADuleby
113^ .
17KH. THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olda and up; purse, $350.
Betting
Index Honse, Age, Weight. St. %. 4. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
1742 Alary'" Garter. 4.. 95 3 ... 12 11 14 * J. Walsh.... 6 10
1S70 Genua. 5 93 « ... 2 4 2 5 2 4 • 6 Eno* 8-5 2
1724 Katie Woleott. 4. .105 5 ... 7 1 6 1 6 »4 3 2 See ... 5 6
1546 C. H. Harrison, 4.111 1 ... 3h 41 42 44 Henry S-5 8-5
1776 Ting-a-Llng, 4 95 2 ... 62 74 64 62 Meade 20 30
1654 St. Anthony. 4 102 7 ...J 5 1 Ch 7 6 6 1 Tullett T.... 30 40
1761 Favorito, 4 97 4 ...' 4 1 3 h 3 h • 7 12 R. Murphy.. 20 12
17S5 Harry Gwynne, a.114 8 8 8 - 8 8 - Dingley 60 60
Time— 1-16, :06%; 5-16, :30; 7-16. :41%; 5%f, 1:074. Good start. Won first three driving
Genua would have won In another Jump. Walcott closed well. Favorito some early epeed'
Alary's Garter well ridden and finished gamely. Scratched— Foul Play 95 Mad Anthony
178J*. FOURTH RACE— One mile: handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $500.
Index Horse, Age. Weight. St. jj. 4. %. Etr. Fin.. Jockeys. O^." 1 cl!
1744 Joe Frsy. 3 1TO 2 11 11 13 13 11 T. Sloan 7-5 (U5
(1746) (Advance Guard, 4.122 1-44 44 41 32 25 O'Connor 4 4
1714 Pupil. 4 S9 4 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 1 3 1 Buchanan".. 20 30
O7G0) ISilurian. 3 85 5 5 5 5 6 41 J. Walsh.... 10 10
1726 jGcnfalon. 4 1»9 3 3h 31 Z V, 41 5 Henry 8-5 2
Tiir.«> — H.-.Xte; Vt. :51; %. 1:16: mile, 1:41. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner, J. F. Schorr's b. c. by Belvidere-lmp. Lady Hawthorne. Joe Frey much
the best and got a swell ride. Sloan rated him first pan. Advance Guard closed stoutly
Pupil's race a good one.
17UO. FIFTH RACE — One mile and an eighth; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Index Horse. Age, Weight. St. H- H- %• Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op.^CI.'
1731 Free Lance, a KT, 1 Ihl2 12 14 14 Henry 15 ""4
17SJ R. del Bandidoe, a.105 2 4h 2h 2h24 23 O'Connor 7-2 3
1717 Locochee, 5 106 3 34 4h 3h 31 33 Buchanan . 6 8
1765 iCastake. 6 100 5 5 3h'44 46 4 10 J. Walsh . 4-5 1
1449 [Sprung, 4 88 4 21 5 5 5 C Preston .11.. | GO 75
Time-4. :13>4: %. :3S*i; %. 1:04; %. l:30«4; mile. 1:43%: 14m, 1:554. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner. W. M. Murry's ch. g. by imp. True Briton-Emma Collier Free
Lance a good horse to-day. Bandidos closed stoutly. Castake badly handled SDrunir
plenty of early speed. Scratched— Topmast 109, Prestome 98. ,
1701. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and npward; purse, $350.
Index Horse. Age, Weight. St. U. 4- %. Str.. Fin. Jockeys. C^p."' CL
1767 La Borgia, 4 99 l 24 2»4 26 24 12 Buchanan .. i 1
1770 Parmenion. 4 94 7 11 13 12 lh 23 Meade fi I
1743 William Ack. 3.... 81 2 44 56 51 43 36 Hall ...'.1"" k 10
1762 Qulbo. 3 S4 5 64 42 31 34 41 ' McOovern .. SO 60
1776 March Seven. 4.... 97 3 72 72 73 73 51 R. Murphy.. 6 15
,1773 Lamachus, 4 97 8 34 3h 43" 51 G3 J. Walsh ! :
1749 Rainier, 5 103 48 S 8 872 Phelan 10 1^
1779 Monda. 5 102 6 5^V6 2 63 61 8 . Tullett'. ..... 40 20
Time— U. :26; 4. :W>4; %. 1:16; mile, 1:42. Good etart. Won first three driving. Winner
Builington Stock Farm's ch. m. by Imp. Brutus-Ledette. Parmenion had plenty of speed
but stopped when La Borgia collared him. Balance of field no account. Scratched— Choteaii
94, Talma 87.
Caiifornia's New Athletic
Trainer Is Enthu
siastic.
Freshmen Beaten in Interclass Base-
LOSE TO THE SOPHOMORES,
ball at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 11.— In
a game rife with errors the sophomore
team defeated the freshmen at baseball
this afternoon by a score of 11 to 6. Both
teams showed a lack of practice, 'which
became less- evident as the game pro
gressed. The second year men had the
advantage of having in their ltne-up the
varsity battery. Parker and Traeger, who
did much toward keeping the. freshmen
from reaching the Initial bag.
To-morrow the Junior-senior match will
be played and on Friday the sophomores
will meet the winners for the class cham
pionship.
The teams lined up as follows: j ;
Sophomores. Positions. Freshmen.
Traeger Catcher. ,.Bower»
Parker & Studley. Pitcher ..Frttch
Horn First base .....Taylor
Ball Second base ....Mlsner
Crawford Shortstop Yerlnston
Moore Third b*iw5............Ballagh
KntKht Right field Wilson
Copp Center Held Lamb
Lowenthal Left field ..Lute
CHRISTIE HAS
GOOD OPINION
OF BERKELEY
Another bloody chapter has been added
to tho Waldron-Walker tragedy. ., When
William Walker, with blood streaming
from a 'dozen wounds, staggered Into the
Coronado saloon, at tho corner of Ellis
and Powell streets, last night he had paid
a dozenfold for his assault on Mllo Wald
ron, the saloon -'man j» whom he cut ana
wounded in the throat at the Palmerlee
on November- 18 of last year In a quarrel
over a woman. • ,. ' • -
Walker when he became sober was
heartily sorry .for his attack on Waldron.
He paid for the doctor and for a barkeep
er to work In the wounded man's place
until he recovered, and when the case
came up in court it was dismissed by
mutual consent. The matter passed ovei
and the whole thing was almost forgot
ten by the friends of both men. '
Milo> Waldrdn did not forget nor '<£&£*
however: Last evening he "?et "Walker
for the first time since their trouble.
Walker was leisurely strolling down Ellis
street about 7:30 o'clock/when Waldron
saw him from across the street and rush-
Ing up behind him stabbed him In tne
neck. Walker turned around to face nis
assailant and Waldron, with brutal venge
ance, slashed his keen b.ade across W alK
er's face, cutting the left eye %o' severely
'that It lay exposed on his cheek. Waldron
stabbed his victim several times more and
then took to his heels.
Walker presented a terrible spectacle as
with blood flowing from a half-dozen
wounds he groped hjs way Into the Coro
nado, where he was in the habit of spend
ing: his leisuro time. As soon as he was
recognized a coupe was called and the
wounded man was taken to the French
Hospital. At a late hour Walker was in
a very low condition, and the doctors hem
out little hope for h.is recoverey.
Where * Waldron went nobody seems to
know.* but the wise ones say that it will
be a bad day for him should Walker re
cover and leave the hospital. They claim
that the first thing that' he would do
would be to secure a gun and start out
to kill Milo Waldron.
The trouble between the men first com
menced over a woman by the name of
Mabel, whom Walker brought up from
Los Angeles about six months ago. The
woman was in the habit of frequenting
the Majestic saloon* in which Waldron at
that time owned an Interest. Mt 13 claimed
that Waldron became infatuated with the
woman and bad blood sprang up between
the two men, who had up to that time
been, friends. The trouble culminated
when Walker found Waldron in the wom
an's room at the Palmerlee and stabbea
him In ths neck.
Meets Old. Enemy Walker
and Inflicts Terrible
• Knife Wounds.
MILO WALDRON
CUTS TO KILL
WALTER CHRISTIE, THE NEW
ATHLETIC TRAINER OF THE
STATE UNIVERSITY
The entries at Oakland are as follows:
First race — Five furlongs; maiden three-year
olds anfl upward; selling.
16C2 El Sonoro 101 1740 El Kara 103
1688 Companion 101 1564 Illusion 101
1761 Hilary 114 1558 Young Morello.llT
1624 Santa Lucia 116 1468 Abble L 101
ir.64 Carrie Lucas.. ..101 1744 Blanda.. 101
1774 Trlstraln 103 1733 Gold Finder.. ..114
163S lvcalonr 103 .... Mollle Connors. 101
Elpba L«« 101
Second race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward ; selling. , ; -,
<lK4)Marcato 104 1742 Nullah 99
1470 TiJtona 101 1479 Ostler Joe 107
1753 Don Luis 10» 1776 Foul Play 89
1776 Del Vista 99j 1570 Lost Girl 102
(l€18)Katie GlbbonB.102| 1371 Little Sister.... 102
17M Alleviate 102 1768 Un Cadeau.....lOl
1793 Rooalbra 107 1617 Jack McCabe...l04
17S3 Morlnga 104
Third race— Three furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse.
.... Huachuca. 11SI .... Graham Green. 118
.... Flora Pomona. .1151 .... Dandy ng
.... Wlnnabell 1131 .... Blarlosa 113
Botany 115 Post Bell 115
.... Lady Carlo 115 .... Malaspina 115
.... B. C. Green 118 .... Jarretierre d'OrllS
.... Klldoe 115 Zlrl 113
.... Llllle Dale 115
Five Good 'Uns Beaten
at Track Across the
Bay --Jake Holtman
to Do the Starting
By F. E. Mulholland.
While the attendance at Oakland yes
terday rhowed the ravages of tho con
flict now being waged between the rival
racing associations, it scorned to be sat
isfactory to the management of the track
across the bay. Fully 12*) people were
ur-e-scnt, the fair sex being liberally rep
resented, nnd though th« betting was by
no means n>rc<\ it was good. Mr. Cald
wcJI'f starting has not pWen entire satis
faction, and at U10 conclusion of the
s=l>ort President Williams announced that
"Jake'* Holtman would replace the vet
eran on Thursday next. Holtman. who is
i*<vpnized as having no peer among the
planers of America, left Hot Springs yes
ttniay for this city. .
. In addition to the regulars, a gay
pa.thorln.ff of poc-lcty folks chatting on the
verandas of the clubhouse or strolling:
about on the lawn lent additional color to
reopening day. Among those present were
Mr and Mrs. G. W. cirayson. Miss Jennia
Uunphy. Mr*=. E. L. G. *Steele. Miss
Stoeie. Miss Plymouth lU-a. Mrs. Charles
Bennett, Mrs. Horace Hussey, Mrs.
Thomas Cole. Mrs. Hayes. Mr. and Mrs.
L,. V, Bell. Mrs. C. F. Price. Mrs. Charles
Kord. Mi*s F«rd. Mr. and Mrs. E. Fay,
Mrs. S. Knth. Ml«« Roth. Mrs. Lucy Hay
Hayes. Mrs. W.'K. Dargie, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Dargie. Mrs. T. <i. Ferguson,
Mrs. J. A. Murphy. Herman Oelrichs,
Thomas McOaJf-b. A. W. May. B. T. Mur
phy. E. Y. Hall. R. K. (irayson. E. F.
GenM, Robert Smith, H. II. Veuve. W.
\V. Foote, Dan Hanlon and FA Donohoe.
Some familiar faces werr» missed from
the. block in glancing ov^r the booking
fraternity in the rinp. still eipht firms
chalked up priors In the big ring, besides
two field books, and after two events
had b€-en decided said the play was sat
isfactory. The following books cut in:
Ridley it Co.. Sacramento Club. Hughey
Jones. Barney Schreilxr, Fred Cook. Wil
lie AppK-gatc. Caesar Young and the
Kmrr> ville Club.
The night ' before. In glancing over tho
entries, it looked like a favorite day;
still Sea Lion was the only winning
rhoio\ Even Yellowtail, highly touted as
he was. rar. third. The track was well
harrowr-d up. which accounted for tho
slow time niadc
Ruiz had the mount on St. Rica, fav
orite for the introductory sprint, but
mad? his run too lite, and was beaten by
I>unfree. The winner rulrvi second choice
in the ring, piloted by Clem Jenkins.
Even with the poor break received,
from the way he ran Socialist had no
chance to take the second number. Bull
man had the leg up, and a 7 to 5 favorite
was unaM<» to land th«* poldinp inside the
money. Flamero, the well played secpnd
choice, finished in front, four lengths be
fore Gusto. Clarando ran third.
All alonjr Barney Schreiber has claimed
his Imp Fain colt Oorrijran was a good
one. and the youngster showed to excel
lent advantage in the two-year-old dash
at four .furlongs. In receipt of nine
pounds from tin? favorite. Dr. Scharff. he
trailed the first choice ail the way and
then in a drive got the decision by a
ho.Td. Va« Fallo camp from the rear, fin
ishing third.
Quito a followiner from Oakland dropped
In to gee yellow! all make his initial bow
this KPason in th<* fourth event, at six
furlongs. The big chestnut with Domin-
Ick up ruled an *>von money favorite. He
was outfooted from the start by Frank
Bell, which won easily. The first choice
stopped very badlv the last sixteenth, los
ing the place to Rollick.
Bookmaker Caesar Young took the next
number with Sea Lion. The Deceiver
horso had a doriripd call in the ring, and
with Rullman in the saddle had consider
able Irft at the wire. The surprise was
furnished by Rio Shannon, a 250 to 1 shot,
I?adinsr out Cominjr Kvent for the plsci*.
Bullman al«o win th«» last event. pilot-
Ing Jerid. a 10 to 1 shot, in first, a length
in advance of the favorite. Maggie Davl*.
Th«» outsider outbroke his company, and
ihoujrh D^minick rode th«» first choice
hard, could not pot un. Dollie Welthoff
lost the place to Tiburon.
Oakland and Tanforan Track Notes.
C K. Durnell has purchased Locochee
from Gn?<:n B. Morris for $700. Locochee
will he trained for the jumps.
The San Francisco Jockey Club rescind
ed yesterday the ban upon horsemen who
Fhould rare at Oakland. Herrafter own
ers may racp at both parks.
Tommy Burns received a telegram yes
terday from W. C. Whitney permitting
him to ride at Tanforan.
Tanforan's president said yesterday that
he was purprisc-d that so many racegoers
were In and about San Francisco. He
hopes that Ingleside may be reopened for
a season of racing. In the advent of the
re-establishinsr of Injrleside the California
Derby will be run on that track. Racing
will then alternate between Tanforan and
Ingleside.
George W. Berry, superintendent of A.
B. epreckels' Napa stock farm, was a
spectator at .Oakland. George reports
fight January Coals, two of them being
the get of Libertine.
The horses in trair.inp owned by Willie
Sink will l>e sold at the Occidental Horse
Exchange to-night. Formero is among
the oonFipnmfnt.
Johnny Bullman rode In jrreat form at
Oakland, piloting three of the winner*..
Eiptit more carloads of horses from
Tanforan Park arrived at Oakland yester
day. Among thom were the stables of
Georee Miller. G. W. Miller, owner of
Lovine Cup, and Gil Summers, who has In
his string True Clue and Tor?ina.
Jake Holtman. who has been eng-asred
to do the Btarting at Oakland, is highly
fpoken of by owners and riders. During
tne illness of Starter l-itzgerald, Holtman
occupied the starter's box at N'ew Or-
Jeanf, where his work was highly com
mended.
Following are the weights for Satur
day's big race at Oakland, as announced
yesterday by ILandicapppr Brooks:
Th* Burns Handicap: J10.000. A handicap for
two-year-olds and uyward at the time of clos
ing. Entrance JM;-$C0 additional for horses not
declared by 4 p. m. on day after weights are
announced; }KX> additional for etarters. Th»
club to add an amount necessary to make the
gross value of the race 110,000. of which «000 to
pecond and flfjO to thtrd horse. Weights to be
announced five days before the race. Horses
not declared before 1 p. m. the day preceding
the race to be liable for full starting fee Wln
r»-r» of any race other than a selling purse after
weights are announced to carry fire pounds ex
tra;, if handicapped at loss than weight for age
teven pounds extra. To be, run Saturday .Feb
ruary 16. HO. One mile and a quarter.
Kddle Jones 12C. Lothian .. 104
Kavonlu» 124aotobed ... * in*
Tlllo .....i:i Sir Rolla .'.V.V 104
Advance Guard 121, Vain .... iXi
Zoroarter 120 Montanlc '.'.'.' 102
Vesuvlan "9'Worlzar 102
TVarlnir U9 Salvation 102
Vulcaln 11* Hrutal . '" ini
F. V. Erode US Uarfa ,01
Andrea 113 Oreat Bend.'.'.'.'.' 101
Gonfalon 115 n^ &u Ormonde.. ..'."."100
The I>ady 114 vv ax 1M
Arbaces 114 The Monk " """100
Vlncitor 114 Herculean .. 100
Babbler 112 Bathos ... ,S
What er Lou Ill John Baker ino
Scales HI ;Sy?,ari« " 1O q
Formero 110 Scotch Plaid.. 100
Inu.-at 110 Pat Morrissey. <m
Vellowt&il 110 Sea Lion.... Z
Free Miner K»! Fonsovannah qs
The Fretter lOSjRio Shannon . "" " j!
WooFter Boy V s Sam Fullen .. """ oa
Fpeclne 108|MacGyle '.'.'.'.'.'" js
Precursor XCS<Lavator q s
Mary 108 Joe Uip'ey «
Malay IC8 Jerid SC
Pt. Slmonian lW.Pilver Bullion. "" vi
Greenoek 10* Plohn -*- o|
Jo« Frey 1"' Tempo oj
Flaunt IT Mortgage '."" 93
Autumn 107 ( Ooldone [\\ 83
Topmast 107.Arlm '" SO
Ptar of Bethlehem. ..inS'Hilver Garter .'.'. 90
Gauntlet 10€ l I>amachu« """" io
El Emp*rado 106;Imp. Mistral II 90
Don Orsino 106;My Gypsy j$
Canmore 106: Alleviate ..." j^
Handlcapper KS.Onyx ' 55
Tornina lOSjGartkline R5
JtoBormond* 105, Alice Dougherty ss
Bamror 105 j Earl Isllncrton 85
noBlnante .lC5|The Benedict g;
Pirate Belle lOSjKalon gS
Imperious lOSjYounsr Morelkt ss
Orrnuhoro lC5|Tony Leppln? SS
nn»t Tenor ICSj Poynt* ss
Bell Punch .....lOSiGold Badge £S
Rolling Boer. 104|Homare S3
Star Chamber 1M El Fonse S5
Mcrioel 104] Mlthrldatea '..... so
Tanforan Selections.
First race—Barrack, Meadow Larki Royal
Prize.
Second race—Matt Iloean. Formatus, Abby
llex I-.
Third race—Waring. The Lady, Specific.
Fourth race—Tola, Argregor. Raveling.
Fifth race—Edgardo, Handlcapper, Owens
boro.
Sixth race—Brownie Anderson, The Phoeni
cian, Artllla.
?
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 11.—Track heavy,
weather showery. Results:
Six and a half furlongs—Little Duchess won,
Elmoran second. Novelty third. Time, 1:28.
Mile and three-sixteenths, selling— Rushrlelds
won. False Lead second, Trebor third. Time.
2:08.
Six .furlongs—Joe Marlin won, Empress of
Beauty second, Hildamark third. Time, 1:17V4.
Mile, handicap—Glen Lake won. Tea Gown
second. Egyptian Prince third. Time, 1:47V4.
Seven furlongs—Lackman won, Wood Trice
second. Swordsman third. Time. 1:34.
Mile—Silver Coin won. Bean second, Scorpo
lette third. Time, 1:48%.
Sixth race — One mile; four- year-olds and up
ward; pellinr:
(1749)Br. Anderson..l06 1734 Hohenlohe 116
(1725)The Phoenlcn...ll7 1763 The Singer 106
17S1 Walkenshaw :.116 17C4 Osmond Ill
1779 Rapldo Ill 1722 Sidelong 113
1736 Artllla 104 1763 Lady Meddlsm.lll
Fifth race— One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling:
1791 Lamachus 8S 17S1 Owensboro 104
1781 Handlcapper ...107 1751 Bdgardo 104
1766 Sybarls 97' 1766 Klckumbob 92
Fecbnd race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; Bellini:
1761 MacLaren 112 1738 Abbylelx L.....102
1745 Pallcua 107 Antagone 1C2
1742 Lit. Mlnch Jr..lO7 1619 Matt Hosan....l<»
1770 Formatus 109 1743 Beautiful Bill. .112
Third ' race— Flvo furlongs ; three-year-olds
and upward; purse:
(1771)Vv'arinic 117 1603 Kenllworth ....106
1136 Miss Madeline.. 107 1726 Specific
176S Rio de Altar.. .106 17S4 The Lady T.112
(1783)Janlee 101 1415 Redwald U7
Fourth"" race — Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds; purse: • •-.
1724 Sebastlna ......100 1774 Raveling 117
.... Byron Rose. ...109 .... Berendos 112
1783 Argot 107 1762 Aphrodls 1<U
1702 Straight Shot.. .102 844 Carlovlgian ....109
(1724)Tola 114 1729 Argrregor 117
1750 Artena 100 1762 Sublime 112
After the rain, the fogs and unsettled
weather of last week, the bright, warm
sunshine was welcomed at Tanforan yes
terday by a regulation crowd of race
goers.
The attendance was fairly good, the bet
ting ordinarily brisk and the card an in
teresting one.
«^i e w en re eular books cut in and two
new books were operated. William Shan
non, t^ie Melbourne Club, Eckert & Co.,
Harlan & Co., the Virginia Club, Jack
man, tho Lurline Club, the Yukon Club,
™ t. GtUnes> Joe Rose and the st - Lou's
Club handled the big money, the Tanforan
and Joe Harvey operating the Held
books. Judging from the long sheets the
books were kept' busy by a crowd that
Se ~ mcd to en J°y the chances offered.
/The handicap, a mile event for "3-year
olds, was the race of the day and was
won by Joe Froy, with Tod Sloan up.
T". 18 . 18 the first winning J. Todhunter has
put to his credit since his return to Call
? ,?' * Vhen he rode up to the- Judge's
stand after the race the jockey packed a
series of smiles on his face larger than
the biggest of the big cigars he habitually
smokes. He will race regularly from, now
OI k just as in merry old England."
*Tom the start Sloan jumped out and
never lost his lead. Pupil, with Buchanan
up, was within shouting distance until
the stretch was reached and then Ad
vance Guard, Winnie O'Connor in the sad
dle, began to show evil intentions.
The "van defender" came thundering
down the stretch, but the wire wasn't far
enough away to overtake Frey, who won
by a full length. Gonfalon, the second
choice, was a trailing disappointment.
This good horse finished fifth. There were
hv© horses in the race.
The third race resulted in a dead heat
between Alary's Garter and Genua. This
Garter was thought to be a cinch, but it
wasn't. At tho stretch Genua was more
than a length behind and then began a
nip and tuck driving race for the wire.
Genua gained Inch by inch as they tore
down the stretch. There were some that
thought Garter gave signs of a victory
by an abbreviated nose, but the judges
called it a dead heat. C. H. Harrison Jr.,
favorite in the betting for a short time,
was handicapped by the length of his
mayoralty name. The owners of the
Garter and Genua divided the purse.
The second race, three furlongs for two
year-olds, was captured by Rory Ough,
the favorite, in easy fashion. Minerva,
one of the outsiders, opening at 30 to 1,
got the place. Legal Maxim. O'Connor
up. was second choice, but Minerva and
Maraschino punched holes in primal legal
principles for the place and show.
Toah, a 5 to 2 favorite, won the first
race. Vantine. with Tommy Burns in the
saddle, was strong until the stretch was
hoofed. Then Edinborough, at that time
In the lead, and Vantine, a close second,
were passed by Donator, who got the
place.
Henry rode Free Lance, finishing ahead
of Rey del Bandidos and Locochee in the
fifth race, mile and an eighth selling. The
three took up their respective finishing
places at the half-mile and kept them till
the end in a driving finish.
The last race, mile selling, was a pro
cession over the back stretch with Parme
nlon leading La Borgia. Buchanan, on
the Burlingame Farm's entry, passed
Parmenion at the stretch and won out
after a driving race.
Following are the Tanforan entries:
First rare — Peven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward: celling:
1735 Meadow Lark. .109 .... Barrack 100
173? Mary Kinsella.107 1770 Itacetto 106
1713 Royal Prize,... 10 1 .* 1761 Talma 109
1653 Dunboy 1M 1645 Greatland 112
1777 Bogus Bill ....106 1773 Slsquoc 106
By Louis Honig.
Tod Sloan Pilots Joe
Frey to a Victory, the
First One Since His
Return to America
FAVORITES TOPPLED OVER AT OAKLAND;
FIRST CHOICES SCORE AT TANFORAN
Racing stable of W. B. Sink Jr. For
mero, Rio Chico, Cousin Carrie, Isallne,
winners of fifty (50) races and $20,000. Wm.
Riley, auctioneer, Occidental Horse Ex
change, Third and Howard streets. Wm.
G. Layng & Co.. proprietors. •
Auction Sale To-Night.
This City for Twentieth Cen
tury Club Fights.
George McFadden, the New York
lightweight, who is matched to battle
with Dal Hawkins before the Twentieth
Century Club the latter part of this month,
arrived In this city yeaterday in com
pany, with Matchmaker Jim Kennedy
and is registered at the Palace. McFad
den'wlll to-day begin active training for
his coming- contest.
The Eastern pugilist is looked upon as
being a rough customer In the ring. Mc-
Fadden's reputation as a boxer has pre
ceded him. He is said to . be in the top
rank in the lightweight; division and a
worthy opponent for Hawkins.
Dal Hawkins is training hard for the
coming battle, which in all probability
will be held in Mechanics' Pavilion.
Match-Maker and Pugilist Beacii
GEORGE McPADDEN AND "
JIM KENNEDY ABRIVE
Oakland Selections.
First race— El Sonoro, Illusion, Companion.
Second race— Marcato, Lost Girl, Nullah.
Third race— Flora Pomona, Lady Carlo, Bot
any.
Fourth race— Morinel, The Bobby, Essence. .**
Fifth race— Lief Prince, St. Rica, Dandy Jim.
Sixth race— Torslna. Horton. Pat Morrlssey.
Sixth race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling-.
J^Horton 113 1674 Pat Morrlssey.. 107
17S0 TorBlna 105 1781 El Mldo.........i07
li»7 Grand Bachem.107 1671 Jingle Jingle.. 105
1771 The Monk 107 1793 Mitten 102
Fifth race— One mile; three-year-olds; selling
i-w2??S? J ' m 11O I 1727 Llef Prince 104
J'»2 St. Rica.-. 110 1783 Homage 99
1760 Bavassa 90j 1730 Cora Goetz...... 99
Fourth race— One mile and a quarter: four
year-olds and upward; selling.
"« The Bobby 101 1727 Morlnel ....... m
ffi.SBffi.:!-:!:Eia
ARRIVED.
Monday, February 11.
Stmr Scotia, Walvijc. 30 hours from Eureka.
Schr Lizzie Prlen, Staneeland, 7 days from
Sluslaw River. '
Schr Parkersburjr, Jorgensen. 7 dayr from
Coqullle R.»ver. ¦ .
Schr Sacramento, Nelson. 6 days from Plus
law River.
DOMESTIC PORT.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 11-Stmr "Westport.
hence Jan 9. ¦ 3M9DHN*0aMMs
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Feb -U— Stmr Aller.
from New York, for Naules and Genoa, and
proceeded." ¦ ¦•..¦_¦,. ; . •
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
That man is foolish who, on vapor thin
holds argument with woman and expects
to win. ••> .
Sohie society snobs 'doubtless pity Adam
because he h'ad no ancestors. • • - -
i FRICTION I CLUTCH UNSAFE.— The Cor
oner" s Jury In the case of Paul Paulaen. who
was killed by a coal, bucket faWn* upon him
while at work on the German bark Sesostric
rendered a verdict yesterday to the effect that
the friction clutch of. the bucket naa not safe
to be used ' In the rain. . v
AN INSOLVENT DENTIST.-Cecll Corwin.
dentist and music teacher. Grass Valley, filed
a petition In Insolvency yesterday In the
Un i l t d v tate " D4str J c t Court. He owes VTU
Death of an Aged Lady.
Mrs. C. C. P. Severance, an old resident
of this city, died yesterday at her resi
dency at 221 Clipper street. Her death
was due to old age., she having passed the
four score mark. Mrs. Severance was a
native of Coventry. Chenanifo County
tl ew .]£ ork ' and was tne mother of the late
Mrs. C. H. Davis and Charles W.. Samuel
J. and Fred V. Severance.
ERKELEY, Feb. 11.— Trainer
Walter Christie will commence
light work with the University
of California track men to-mor
row. He was on the campus this
, - afternoon looking at the facili
ties for training the athletes and watch
ing them at their work. His first ap
pearance on the diamond was to umpire
the Junior-sophomore baseball game at 4
o'clock. Many of the best athletes are
already known to him, as he met them
while they were East last year.
Christie Is enthusiastic over the Cali
fornia athletes and the prospect? for
Western athletes in .general.
"Plaw Is the greatest hammer-thrower
in the world to-day," said Christie "I
watched his work while he was East and
it is certainly marvelous." California sent
a good lot of men East last time, but it
must be remembered that they competed
with championship men. That accounts
for their defeats. The trip also was hard
and left them in no fit condition for
work. ,
"California is better suited for the de
velopment of athletes than the East. The
climate is better here. . With the present
men and the advantages of this climate
we: should develop some record-breakers
I do not know yet exactly what course I
shall pursue in training. My methods
must : be In harmony with the condition
of the men 'and the circumstances under
which they are working. The conditions
here are new to me and I must look
about a bit. We commence light work
to-morrow. 'The track. Is too soft and in
too poor ¦ a condition now for very good
work. It has not been repaired for the
season's training, but will soon be in
good shape."
• Christie was accompanied here by his
wife. They have taken up their residence
at 2217 Fulton street. The new trainer is
a young man. not large, but of excellent
physique. , - . ¦ -
Juniors Win Class Series.
* BERKELEY, Feb. 11.— The Junior nln«
defeated the sophomore team this after
noon on the university campus by a score
of 10-0. The game closed the class series.
"Walter Christie, the new trainer, was um
pire. The .lineup of the teams was as
follows:
Juniors. Positions. Sophomore*.
W. Smith Pitcher Hansen
It ami In.. Catcher Symmes
McKeown First base Barker
Sawyer Second base Talmage
Gardiner ; Third base King
Duden Shortstop Gammon
De Lancey Left field Fautz
I>oremu8 Center field Davis
Parker .nirht floir* . (Tni-tUn
'arker Right field Curtlss
TTRTTretlCH. MAKES SERIOUS
CHARGES AGAINST PARTNER
Claims Joseph MacDonald Is Guilty
of Th-ft, Fraud and Other
Offenses.
Serious charices are preferred against
Joseph Mac Donald in ft suit filed yester
day by B. Heinrich. his partner in tha
West Coast Electrical Works, who de
mands an accounting, together with a de
cree dissolving the copartnership. Joined
In the complaint as a defendant is Mac-
Donald's assignee, Mortimer McRoberts
who also comes In for a share of nlain
tiff Heinrich's charges. P
Heinrich alleges that MacDonald stole
various articles from parties for whom he
was working, and that when he. Heinrich
protested MacDonald said: "Well edu
cate you if you stay long enough witn
Continuing Helnrlch avers that Mac-
Donald has threatened to break the firm's
machinery, has made fraudulent claims
against the partnership and has threat
ened the plaintiff that he would "fix him"
SEJL d ? £ m . UD " lf ne went to the flri »" 3
place of business.
..^"fjng his absence, "on account of the
nVi e 5. t8 2T He , lnrlc A alle&es that MacDon
ald made a fraudulent assignment of the
business to McRoberts. who. it is averred
Is financially irresponsible, addicted to
Upon Heinrich's petition James H.
Snook was appointed receiver of the busi
ness pending the final judgment of the
OLYMPIC CLUB TO -HOLD
SOFT-BALL TOURNAMENT
Handball Experts to Play for
Trophies in the Local
Club. I
Another handball tournament will be
held in the courts of the Olympic Club
during the present month. It will be I
playea by devotees of the gas-ball and
some highly scientific playing Is antici
pated. The entries for the tournament
close to-morrow night. There are a num
ber of clever players already entered and
the tournament bids fair to be as interest-
Ing as the hard-ball tournament which
recently closed.
The committee having the tournament
in charge Is composed of H. V. Ramsdell,
j. nil "Wand and George James. They
have arranged the following rules to gov
ern the contests:
Players will be divided into two classes;
the committee will select the men to play
as partners and handicap teams If neces
sary: all games to be played according
to schedule or forfeit: games will be two
out of three of twenty-one aces each: win
ners will play winners and losers play
losers until -it narrows down to the last
two teams. They will then play for first
and second place; players in the last
hand-ball tournament are barred; games
will be played in the small courts.
Among those who have entered the
tournament are: S. F. Hughes, C. Clouich.
M. M. Green., Al Hoffmann. James Coff
roth, T. J. Powers. T. S. Mulvey. T. G.
Ferguson, Stanley J. Fay. J. F. Cunning
ham. Henry Bostwick, F. W. Krone Jr.,
Wesley Clawson. Jerry Johnson, L. Levy,
A. MacLeod and vi. C. Stafford.
Horgan Wins His Damage Suit.
The Supreme Court yesterday handed
down a decision in the case of John Hor
sran against Hugh B. Jones. Frederick; R.
King and the Market Street Railway
company, affirming the judgment o* the
lower court in favor of the plaintiff. Ic
appears that Horgan received severe In
juries through the negligence of Motor
man A. E. Lidstrom of the railway com
pany, who allowed his car to collide with
a wagon driven by James Norman, an
employe of Jones & King. The horses
took fright and ran into Horgan. Injuring
him badly. He brought suit to recover
damages from *ones & King and tha
railway company. A Jury in the Supe
rior Court awarded him $4000 against tho
defendants and the railway company
took an appeal.
Supervisor Tobin introduced at yester
day's meeting - of the board his Ions
threatened ordinance- which. If finally
adopted, will permit horse radnfr for a
period of thirty-six days within this city
and county and at the same time legalize
the selling: of pools within the track ln
closure where the races take place. To
bin's bill is Intended to amend the pres
ent ordinance which prohibits gambling
by pool selling or by bookmaking on con
tests between horses and - dogs.
"I have Introduced - the ordinance by
request," said Tobin. "I do not at this
time desire to give any expression of
opinion, but only ask that the ordinance
be referred to the proper committee."
"The Committee on Charities and Cor
rection?" ventured the. Mayor, and the
sally was received with loud laughter
by the members of the board.
"I would sufjgest that it go to the Com
mittee on Outside Lands," said Stafford.
"I think the Fire Committee is the prop
er one to consider the bill," put in Braun
hart; "it will certainly be 'hot stuff.*"
The bill was finally referred to the Po
lice Committee. By its provisions betting
on horse racing? is permitted, though to
make wagers on dog races 13 prohibited.
The proposed ordinance reads as follows:
Ordinance No. 66. approved May 14. 13C0, is
hereby amended to read as follows:
Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any per
son or corporation owning:, leasing or con
trolling any race track to hold or conduct or
permit -or suffer to be held or conducted any
horse race meetings, horse races or contests be
tween horses within the city and county of
Ban Francisco' for any longer time or number
of days than an aggregate period of thirty. gir
days in any one year.
Sec. 2. It shall be unlawful for any person
or corporation In the city and county of San
FrancUco to sell or buy pools or make books
or make any bet or wager in any system of
roistering betH or wagers wherein money or
ether representatives of vaiiie or other articles
of value are staked or pledged on races or
other contests between horses or dogs except
upon horse races, held within th* enclosure of
a race track and conducted within- the limited
period of thirty-six days prescribed by section
1. hereof.
* 5**" *"¦^i", pers ,°" otherwise competent as a
witness -la disqualified from testifying as such
concerning the ofTen.«es In this ordinance de
nned on the ground that such testimony may
criminate such witness* under the provisions of
this ordinance, but no prosecution can after
wcrdJae had against such -witness for any of
fense defined In this ordinance concerning
which pe testifies. . .
# S tt-i *• Any. person violating the provisions
of this ordinance shall be guilty of a misde
meanor and upon conviction thereof shall be
punished by a fine not exceeding five hundred
dollars CISCO) or by imprisonment not exceed
ing six months. »** - — •¦¦
s « c . 5. This ordinance shall take effect Im
mediately. • •
Tobin Iptroduces Ordinance
to Permit Thirty-Six
Days' Racing.
WOULD LEGALIZE
TRACK GAMBLING
CINCINNATI. Feb. ll.-Th© hearing of
arguments by Judge Holllster on the ap
plication for a permanent Injunction
.ifraJn.it the Jeffries-Ruhlln contest ne\t
Friday night closed shortly after K o'clock
to-night. Judge Hollister announced
that he would reserve his decision until
U a. m. next Thursday. This means that
the> present suspense of the Saengerfeat
Athletic Association, the contestants and
others will continue until the day before
the date fixed for the contest. All the ar-.
rangements at the big hall and elsewhere
are completed and the sale of ticket3 con
tinues brick.
Manager Brady was In court a short
time this afternoon, but E. O. Cook. Mad
den and all the rest were busy in their
arrangements, and the usual programmes
were carried out at both uuartersr. The
argumenrs of Hertenstein and Bettlnger
and Wlljin, for ' the- defendants, and of
Harmon and Wald. for the plaintiff*, were
very vigorous to-day and commanded the
cloaest attention. The plaintiffa urged thd
court to make a precedent for such extra
ordinary ca.-es. Counsel for the defense
replied bitterly to the pl^a for Inventing
a. precedent. The most remarkable ad
dress or argument was by Gustavus Wald,
who closed anl who. as a representative
German. Insisted that he did not reprer
sent any creed or class, but the Interests
of secular government. Most of the clergy
of the city were in the courtroom.
Wald turned to them when he said that
neither he nor any member of his family
belonged to a church and that none of his
kindred for generations have belonged
to any church, and that he was opposing
the prizefight for the interest of tha
State.
Hollister Will Not Announce
His Dscision Till
Thursday.
STILL IN DARK
ON BIG FIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 19O1.
THE ¦ CALL'S ¦¦.¦RACING FORM CHARTS,
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.-ML GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cura of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURE3 and analoeous complaint* ot th»
Organs of Oeneratton. • j_.__»...
rilco SI •> botUe. For sate tor dmwlata. .
ft ¦ r* f rinilll Comer Fourtli and
CAFE ROYAL .£&&£
"Ill *m IIU«II»* ec overcoats and
xallse. checked (re*
Pears' soap is nothing
but soap.. *
Pure soap is as gentle as
oil to the living skin.
. Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
All sort* of people use It. 'all sorts a* « n ~
•ell it, especially drug B l«t$! «ores
Weak Men and Women
CHOULD USE OAMI^'A BrTTERS. THB
Ocreat Mexican x^T. f»v« J 1 ** 1^"*
•trectth to sexual orfan*. Depot. 173 Ma.Ket.
/«Kv ¦ n n ¦ itx t n f in A Rand Waterproof
UUShU goods i^EO. W. SHHEVB.
m 73, jtarlcet »tr— t. ¦•
OR.MEYERS&CO,
Specialists. Disease
and weakness of
men. Established
1SS1. Consultation
and private book
free, at otllce or by
mail. Cures guar-
anteed. 731 Mar-
ket street (elevator
entrance), San
Francisco.
I Unequalcd 1
8 jg p QUAUTY II
1 SAN FRANCISCO, CM. H
j MMftiaggTJamifta TV K T"^ TV T
! ti;nr\- VOtl ARE TIRED OT EEIKO
money with physicIa-nJ who give no renefji ycu
j will at last. If you desire a cure, be obliged ta
U5« th* VITAL RESTORATIVE twjffiiB
which t* the only certain cure for weakening
iralns, lost power and physical .^
Call or write for boon ot special advice; also
FREE TRIAL BOTTLE, and be convinced. AJ-
dr»s« DR. COOPER & CO.. SIS Kearny «t.. B ¦*.
OR, MEYERS&CO.
Specialists. Disease ypf? !
and weakness of <&2r} j&>
and private book \%ft, JLcJk
free, at office or by > HSUr> jSj^Sj »
mail. Cures g-uar- W^N^Ifr^r
anteed. 7;u Mar- MfflJSE^iJI
ket street (elevator JT^'4»v4^
entrance), San /M v^sKj^
FranctBco. .^fegig JOfa^S* iFalls and Fractures His Skull.
Alexander ' Wolf of 1233/ Buchanan
street . was brought to the - Receiving
Hospital from Fourth and" Market streets
last night by Officer McCormickr and
treated for a slight ¦; laceration ' of ' the
scalp, and'then discharged. A few hours
later he was brought in again by. Officer
Dougherty, who found him at the corner
of Geary and Buchanan streets.- The sec
ond treatment. Was; for a fractured skull;
due to a fall while suffering from an epi
leptic fit. He has • small chance of, re
covery. ¦.." ¦' ' : : ¦..:;'¦; ' ' ¦ .
When Mrs. . Josephine Smith filed her
petition for another round or two ln the
divorce with her former husband, Charles
H. Smith, cashier of the Southern Pacific
Company, she laid special stress upon the
allegations that she was ill and, that her
confidence In opposing Counsel Foshay
Walker had been misplaced.* As Charles
II. Smith is not anxious to undergo again
the ordeal he suffered with" his wife as
cross-examiner he has filed affidavits op
posing that of his wife, bearing the signa
tures of his attorney, Mr. . Walker and
former Judge William R. Daingerfleld, be
fore whom Mrs. Smith made her debut as
Portia in proprla persona.
As to the allegations that Mrs. Smith
was ill. and unable to attend court on the
day her husband was granted a decree on
the ground of extreme cruelty, Judge
Daingerfield says:
I did not observe anythlnr ln the manner,
deportment or appearance of Mrs. Smith at
any of the times she was ln court tending to
show that she . was not well, or that she was
ill or in any way suffering 1 - physically. • I am
certain If there had been any such indications
I ; would have observed them, for I save her
close attention at all times. ,;.-,','
This statement, made by Judge Dalnger
fleld under oath, takes much of the dram
atic interest from Mrs. Smith's averment
that, ill and hardly able to walk she
dragged' herself through the rain on the
night i preceding her husband's victory in
search of justice. - . ,
Foshay "Walker denies that he ever told
Mrs. Smith that he would secure a con
tinuance of the case until she , recovered
her health, as she alleges,- and resents
Mrs. Smith's imputation that he would
betray his client Into complications ln
the divorce proceeding. r
Continuing • in his . affidavit Walker
throws a little more light on the broad
ness of • Mrs. Smith's knowledge of. law.
He says that she seemed to hold him re
sponsible for her own erroneous conduct
d her defense, as well as for the alleged
sins on the part of her husbatid. He says
the deportment of Mrs. Smith during the
whole trial was, so far as he Is capable of
forming an opinion, defiant and exultant,
particularly during her cross-examination
of her former husband and during the
reading by : her oC a large number of let
ters containing the most abusive remark
concerning Mr.; Smith. In concluding, i;e
fcays that the defendant seemed to derive
much .satisfaction from the humiliating
position in which her former husband nec
essarily found hlmself^whlle being cross
examined by his then wife for a period of
two days by a series of questions Imput
ing almost every kind of dishonorable and
odious quality to him. ¦ . > - .
Judge Murasky will pass upon the mer
its of Mrs. Smith's motion for a new trial
next Friday.- siSSS -\ . -. '' ~ . . ¦
~ ¦
By Affidavit Foshay Walker
and Judge Daingerfi eld
Refute Her Word.
One of the first acts of the company
was to purchase a ramshackle structure
at Melrose, , Alameda County. The pur
chase price * of the land and appurten
ances appears, It is said, on the books of
the company at $20,000, but It is declared
not to be worth $2000. - - :
The by-laws of the , corporation ¦ fix no
time '- for the meetings of the directors,
and Partridge claims: that, the time of
holding the ; meetings was withheld from
him; by reason of the majority comprised
of the Pages and Bakers refusing to noti
fy him. - During, these meetings it is al
leged that i those associated with . Par
tridge procured the Issuance of the bal
ance of the stock/President Page secur
ing one block of 99,992 shares. -
-After making his will in favor of Mr.
and Mrs. Page, Partridge parted : with
about $6000, he alleges, and would have
parted with more money had it not been
for the intervention of W. R, Ramsdell,
a mining man," residing at the Palace
Hotel. Ramsdell heard the story of young
Partridge's will, communicated with his
father and Is now prepared to back him
in a legal fight which will probably re
sult in the arrest of both Page and his
wife and George W. Baker and his son,
on charges of ' conspiracy ' and attempted
kidnaping, possibly rivaling ln interest
the celebrated Campbell-Winthrop case,
for which the latter is doing a life sen
tence." ,..'¦'¦
Besides alleging the improper conver
sions o£ stocks and the purchase at ficti
tious prfees of furniture and property, the
complaint s.ets forth that the Pages and
Bakers are about to sell the remaining
shares of stock and divert, misapply and
misappropriate the proceeds therefrom.
A restraining order is asked for the pur
pose of preventing these acts. It is also
asked that the Pages and Bakers be re
moved from the directorate of the com
pany.' . ¦ ¦
It was while Partridge was a resident of
the Page household at 80 Central avenue,
near Haight street, that he parted with
his money and made his will.
"How I came to do it I do not know."
he said last night. "A day or two after
it was made Page came to me and asked
me to throw Baker out as executor. How
he came to know that I had made such
a will I am at a loss to understand. Page
seemed mad about the matter and then
followed a series of petty persecutions.
On Saturday, night Page was looking for
me at the Grand Hotel. He flourished a
pistol and- threatened to kill melon sight.
"Jerry Hurd took the pistol away from
him and told me of the Incident. On Sun
day morning, while I was breakfasting at
the Palace Hotel with Mr. Ramsdell,
Page, who is . a large man,- came ln and
threatened to do me all. kinds of bodily
injuries. He went out quicker than he
came in. ' Since then my footsteps have
been constantly dogged."
As a further source of trouble. Partridge,
in an endeavor to recover the money from
which be parted, has levied an attach
ment on the residence and personal prop
erty of Frank W. Page and Deputy Sher
iffs last night guarded. the premises.
DENY STATEMENTS
OF MRS. SMITH
Aside from the formal allegations of
the complainant, there . is told by young
Partridge himself a peculiar tale of al
leged hypnotic Influence, under which he
declares he was Induced to part withall
his present and prospective holdings, the
former consisting of. his 'interest in the
company named ' and the latter of his
rightful share of the estate of his father,
Joseph Partridge,, a wealthy «nine owner
in Mexico, at present residing in Lon
don. The father's property^ is .valued at
several million dollars. '¦ • • ~
Young Partridge came to this coast
about two years ago with a patented de
vice for smelting ores. He cast about for
capital and met Page and wife and the
Bakers, father and son. The company
v as Incorporated with a capital of $2,000,
000, about August 23,- 1900. Partridge,
Frank W. Page, George W. Baker, Harry
L. Baker and Lillian B. Page, wife of
Frank W. Page, being the directors first
selected. Each of the incorporators sub
scribed for three shares, the balance of
the stock being held by Partridge.
While the company was. -in process of
formation, Partridge became an Inmate
of the Page household. Along about the
first of June, 1900, Partridge claims that
he was induced to make a will in favor
of Page and his wife, in which she, . as
devisee, was to be entitled to two-thirds
of his estate, present and prospective,
and her husband the remainder. George
"VV. Baker, who drew up the will, was
named as executor, and then Partridge ;
began to part with his money. Mrs.
Page, according to Partridge's state
ments, apparently exercised a subtle in
fluence over him. '
Among the first acts of the new cor
poration was that of engaging offices, at
306 Pine street. I These were fitted up in
an elaborate manner at an expense, ac
cording to the bills, of $1700. while Part
ridge and his attorneys, Theodore J. Sav
age of this city and James W. Cochrane
of San Rafael, allege that less than half
that amount would have . covered the
original cost. •
Following this opening expense came
a large number of transactions which
form the basis of the filed complaint.
Partridge was to be entitled to 123,000
shares of the capital stock, but only 2003
were issued to him. He, while awaiting
the transfer of the stock, transferred and
assigned to the corporation all his rights
ln the patent smelter. *
With the election of Frank W. Page as
president. George W. Baker, vice presi
dent, and Harry L. Baker, secretary and
treasurer, the organization was complete.
Partridge and Mrs. Page formed the rest
of the directorate.
SCIENTISTS GOING
TO EAST INDIES
Allen R. Partridge Is ithe complainant
in a suit riled yesterday in the Superior
Court against Frank W. Page, George W.
Baker, Harry 12 Baker, Lillian B. Page,'
the Vulcan Smelting, and Refining Com
pany and a number of other defendants,
demanding an j accounting of I the affairs
of the Vulcan Smelting and -"Refining
Company. : . '.
Professors En Route to
Sumatra to View Eclipse
of the Sun. v
No doubt Sarah Bernhardt will play to
crowded houses; meanwhile . the public
should not forget that the Pattosien' Corn
ea ny for the' last few weeks, rain: or
shine, has- had? a; crowded house all the
time Th«', same is .promised until the
end of one of the greatest furniture sales
ever heard of {on 1 , this coast. All persona
should fit' but? their homes now while
prices •' are' l low 1 .';'- "/-Corner . Sixteenth and
Mission < streets, v'/ . : . . * -'¦
The entire party will leave this city on
the transport Sheridan for Manila; from
there they, will i be furnished transporta
tion to the Island of Sumatra on a cruiser
of the United States navy. The scientists
are well supplied with cameras specially
made, and there is no doubt that they will
meet with great success. The total
eclipse will be Invisible in America, but
will be seen in Eastern Africa, Southern
India. Slam. Southern China, the East
Indian ¦ archipelago, the Philippines and
Australia. ' The path -of the total eclipse
passes over the Indian Ocean, across Su
matra, the southern part of Borneo and
the southern portion of New Guinea.
The expense l of " the expedition . will ¦ be
borne by the United States Government,
the Johns -Hopkins University .of Balti
more and W. H. Crocker of this city. Tfie
only California scientist of the party will
be Professor C. D. Perrine of the Univer
sity of California. Yesterday the members
of the party were busy scouting the city,
buvlng the last few artlclesjnecessary to
complete their outfit, among these being
small portable houses, which they will
erect on the island during their short
stay. - - - - ¦ -¦¦ •¦¦••'
Sarah . Bernhardt ! Will Crowd the
; House.
The party Is composed of Professors A.
N. Skinner and W. W. Dlnwiddie of the
United States Naval Observatory; Charles
Greeley, Abbot and Paul A. Draper of the
Smithsonian Institution, Washington, D.
C; Professor.E. E. Barnard, formerly of,
the Lick Observatory, and Dr. S. A. Drap
er. The party will be reinforced to-day by
Dr. "VV. J. Humphreys and H. C. Curtis of
the University of Virginia. Professor W.S.
Eicelberger, F. B. Lltell and L. E. Jewell
from the Naval Observatory: George Pet
ers and Dr. N. E. Gilbert, the latter from
the Johns Hopkins University of Balti
more. , : ,
A party of scientists arrived in this city
yesterday. They are on their way to the
island of Sumatra In the, East Indies for
the purpose of making photographic stud
ies of the eclipse of the sun on May 17 and
18.^ " . . ' -• . 1 - : ¦ .¦ v
E. D. Hall, the discharged soldier, ¦ who
was accused by. John Murphy, a comrade,
of having robbed 1 him of 5197 in their room
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel .Thursday
morning, left for his home In Boston Sat
urday evening.* 'his father having, tele
graphed him money for hi3 I fare. Fred
Brincl*8, another. /soldier, who. occupied
the room with Murphy and Hall, says, as
does Michael J. 1 Connolly, chief clerk of
the hotel, that 'Murphy! had no, such sum
of money, and that he was not robbed by
Kail or any one else. . Hall went East
without knowing of ; the charge* against
him, they say.
Hail Said to Be Innocent.
SAYS HYPNOTISM
HELD HIM SLAVE
Allen R. Partridge, Son of Hillionaire Mine
~ Owner, Files a Sensational Suit.
* CIRCUIT COURT DECIsiONS.-Unlted States
Circuit i Judges Gilbert. > Ross > and Morrow, sit
ting' as the United States Circuit. Court of Ap
peals, yesterday handed down decisions as fol
lows: -Fred A..Bartlett vs. the United States —
Judgment, reversed and plaintiff /discharged.
Pacific Coast Company vs. 1 A. Anderson et al.—
Judgment affirmed. ¦ Sarah ; Woodward" vs. ¦¦> C.
K. McConnaughey et ' al.— Decree affirmed. ¦ Os
wald Sommer vs. Carbon Hill Coal Company— -
Judgment affirmed.- » C. • E. ¦ "Whitney ; & Co. . \V
Frank Olsen— Decree affirmed, -with' costs. r-
SCOTT CAPITTJXATES
TO £IVTL SERVICE
Accepts the Commission's Dictum,
but the Discharged Clerks "Will
Continue to Fight.
After a struggle with Civil -Service Com
missioners 'and -the : "courts. Tax ¦ Col
lector'Scott decided yesterday morning to
accept the fourteen deputies apportioned
to i him by the commission, and these men
will go on duty this morning. This result
was attained . at ' a conference . held yes
terday morning. In the offlco of the Civil
Service Commission, at, which Mayor Phe
lan, the Commissioners and Tax Collector
Scott were present. '
The outgoing deputies are: 'Harry Baur,
John G. ! Fitzgerald. . E.- J. Casey, -W. T.
Howe, F. M. J. Kelly, J. J.Cooney/ George
Fiddes. Herman .Enkel,, Fred Seyden, Al
Lewald and William Vallette. They will
be succeeded by the following civil* service
appointees:;- ,, ; - v ¦ j . *
•Richard J. Curtin, SOS Fourth avenue; Oscar
L. Tuttle, 543,Halghrfetreet; William I. Rear
don. 391 Oak street;. George A..McCalvy, <3 Van
JCess avenue: Georsre Varcoe. 616 Kills: street:
Edwin B. Trlpp,626 Eddy, street: Edwin R.
iSlon. 403 Turk street;.- Frank ?. IUttigsteln, 253
Fourth street; John* A. Lenahan, 68 Shotwell
utreet; -Ben I. Salomon, 4U Clayton street*
Charles H. Squire,- 810 Eddy street : Joseph K.
Jones. 425 Buchanan street; James W. . McCabe
429 Thirteenth street: Hiram ' P. Goldstein, 330
McAUlBter street; * .
Of these Salomon, Jones ¦ and McCabe
are at present employed in • the office.
Bonds ' ranging t from JS to . $10,000 * will . be
required of the new deputies, the nominal
bond • being ; exacted ' from • Scott's retained
deputies: , . . ¦ .
The clerks in . the license department of
Scott's office, which • is most affected by
the change, do not - proposA to ¦ give ' up
without a. struggle, and were>.Angaged yes
terday, afternoon In seeking \a; Superior
Judge who -would issue ; the necessary re
straining-orders. It. was reported at his
office that Tax Collector Scott i had ¦ gone
out of town.';: , . ¦¦--& . - ¦ ¦
again seen, with increasing admiration at
each successive visit. The actress is un?
doubtedly one of the greatest figures on
the American or any other stage— her art
at once imperious, -subtle and command
ing. On Thursday evening and for, the
rest of the week airs. Fiske will • revive
"Becky Sharp," by request of a large
contingent of admirers of 'Thackeray^
brilliant adventuress, and with ,the Satur
day evening performance of ¦ the. latter
piay will close one -of the most notable
dramatic events of many moons in San
Francisco. Next week "The Waifs of
New York," at the usual popular prices.
Alhambra.
The second Sousa concert will be given
to-morrow afternoon, when the following
programme will be rendered:
Overture, "Tannhauser" ,...7.
Instrumentation by Sousa
Trombone eolo, "Blue Bells of Scotland". Pryor
Arthur Pryor.
?a) "Slavonic Dance No. 2" -.Dvorak
b) "Hungarian Dance So. 6" .'.. Brahma
Soprano solo, '•Chanson Provencal". Dell Acqua
Miss Blanche Duffleld.
Entrance of the Gods In Walhalla ("Das
Rheinirold") Wagner
"Reminiscences #>f Chopin" Winterbottom
(a) Mazurka, (b) Valse, (c) Nocturne, (d) ¦ .
Polonaise.
<a) Polka ¦ caprice, *"SparklInK •. "Women"
(new) Llebllng
(b) March. "Hall to the Spirit of Liberty"
, Sousa
Violin solo—
fa) "l^arpo" Handel
(b) "Elfentani" Popper-Hallr
Miss Bertha Bucklin.
Introduction to the third act of "Loften
grin" Wagner
The programme for Wednesday night will be
announced to-morrow. »i'' "J:,
-Tivoli.
Tivoll patrons are evidently satisfied
with the manner in which the character
of . "Xell ' Gwynne" is portrayed by the
theater staff. Annie Meyers, Ferris. Hart
man, Edward Webb and Tom Greene con
tinued their successes of last week, last
night rendering their parts in tho pretty
little opera 'in. a clever manner. The
choruses are lively and the songs of the
leading people are , greeted with ¦ hearty
applause.
Fourth Henschel Concert. ;
- Chutes.
The Hawaiian Quartet are the headlln
ers at' The Chutes and scored a .big hit
.with their vocal and Instrumental selec
tions. Maxie -Mitchell sang several new
coon songs and met with decided success..
McSorley and Whitney present a laugh
able act entitled, "The Misnt. Gentle
man." George Dunbar does some clever
acrobatic work on . a ; ladder. : : Swor, * Mc-
Greevy and Swpr . continue ; their : '- last
week's ' success. vA' "Ragtime . Reception'!.,
and new comic moving pictures conclude
the bill. ;
/ ' —. ' \
: Central..''
"After ¦ Dark" > was . at '¦ the. Cen
tral Theater last ¦ night and drew a good
house. . The , play was : well staged and
all the leading characters were .well por
trayed. This play has held' its' own for
many a year and is. the joint production
of Wllkle Collins: and Dion -Bouclcault.
It abounds in thrilling situations and? is
sure of '¦ a successful ¦ week's - : run. - " : Next
week, "Chlmmie Fadden."
Lovers' b* ; music wero nresent . In ' laryo
numbers last night in Metropolitan Tem
ple, attracted- there by the talented Mr.
and Mrs..Henschel. who gave their fourth
grand concert. The ; next -.concert- will be
held -Wednesday afternoon, February 13.
Olyxnpia.
Th© bill at the Olympla- this week is al
most entirely; new. .-William de Boe. who
performs -feats • of ' juggling
while balancing, on, his -head. on a slack
wire; made a big hit last night. The other
numbers are good.- .
Columbia.
During the Bernhardt-Coquelln; engage
ment the Columbia ¦ will', remain
closed. ' .
MME. SARAH BERXHARDT AS . THE ' DUC DE REICHSTADT, IN J ROS
TAN'D'S-GREAT PLAY "L'AIGLON! 1 (THE EAGLET), IN WHICH SHE
APPEARED LAST NIGHT AT THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE. :
Nevertheless, the Divine Sarah's Acting Is Great,}and With n.
Coquelin She Scores a Tremendous Hit in Rostand's Rlay.
IT is Impossible to deny that Madame
Bernhardt's performance of "L'Aig
lon" is a thing to be wondered at—
yes, to be wondered at rather than
admired. It is a tour-de-force of ex
traordinary cleverness, but it is never
anything more; it is never convincing;
"L'Alglon" is always a woman mas
querading as a man.
But why go a-masquerading? Why be
anything but a woman— 1 thing far more
lovely in the eyes of God and man than
ever a mere man can be? Because
Madam© Bemhardt has exhausted— or
thinks she has-all the strong roles ever
written for women, and now wishes to
beat men at their own game. That is an
ignoble ambition that must ever fail of
its desire.
The same accomplishments that made
Madame Bemhardt so great in the roles
or her proper sex. appear, though not to
perfection, in "L-Aig-ton." There is the
beautiful voice, the clean-cut elocution.
the studied variation of speed, plt€h and
tone, the grace and strength ot pesture,
the alert Intelligence guiding and control
ing all faculties and devicee. But the
well-known mannerisms are there also—
th© four-hundred-words-a-minute deliv
ery of rapid "passages, and the shooting
out the last word as if fired from a cata
pult.
CoQuelin a* Flambeau added strength to
the cast, of course, but hardly more than
was auided by M. Desjardins (as Metter
rdch)—a well-trained actor with absolute
mastery over his art. if ever there was
one. The rest of the cast had little to do,
and did it well.
The etag« setting was beautiful and ap
propriate, except in th© first act, where it
was mean ar.d shabby.
As to the play itself, it seems to me that
M. Rostand has done wonders with a sub
ject ill-chosen except for rabid Buona
partists. H© has written passages of real
poetic beauty, such as Flambeau's dying
•speeches; a charming comedy scene (that
between the old Emperor and his grand
son, which opens the third act); a strik
ingly melodramatic scene (between Met
ternich and L'Aiglon, at the end of the
third act); a really original death scene
? the whole of act VT). For these let U6
*>* thankful; but how much more thank
ful should we have been could we hav©
been spared much of tho rest! The story
is practically told by the end of act III;
a-fter that there can be no further sus
pense as to the fata of the Duke. The
present sixth act should logically come im
mediately after the third. The fourth act
contains nothing of interest and much
that is puerile; the fifth act is dragged
In merely for a supernatural effect that
reads better than it sounds.
The fourth anil fifth acts were generous
ly cut last night, yet the play lasted four
hours. An evening dragged out to this
length ceases to be entertaining.
I must -not forget to add that after the
curtain fell ar.fi rr>se. dead heroes and
heroines would jump up with alacrity and
all smilingly answer curtain calls. If the
play at any time came near to producing
that illusion which is the essence of dra
matic art, this foolish practice broke that
Uusion completely. Is this your common
practice In Par's, Madame Bemhardt and
M. Coquelin? In stooping to this childish
ness do you honor vour art and do you
uphold the traditions of that Maison de
Aloliere to which you once belonged?
I* DU POXT SYLE.
SOCIETY GREETS BEBNHABDT.
Gives Sarah, and Coquelin a Splendid.
Reception at Grand. Opera-House.
French, other than the Ollendorff varie
ty, was at a premium at the Grand
Opera-house last evening, and the great
French stars were greeted by a large and
fashionable audience whose most notable
deficiency was a French vocabulary. I
The regular first-nighters, the same
who made up the brilliancy of the opera
season, - turned out to welcome Bern
harfit end CoquelJn. They did not have
their opera clothes on, but they wore
their next best frocks and made the
house look bright and warm and elegant.
There was not a vacant seat either in
the orchestra or dress circle. The boxes
and loges also were all occupied and the
effect of the well-filled, well-dressed
house was decidedly brilliant.
The compatriots of the stars filed into
the family circle and gallery and from
those heights enjoyed the splendid acting
and the melodious verse of Rostand's
great play. They started the applause
that broke into the middle of the acts to
approve of the noble and patriotic lines.
They laughed at the delicious wit bo
d*efuy woven into the tragic lines; but
they were only a Emails circumstance of
the tremendous applause that caused the
curtain to be raised time and time again
after each act.
Between acts the gentlemen filed into
th© lobby and discussed the wonderful
caressing voice of the divine Sarah, her
youthful appearance and her Intense act
ing. Marcus Mayer went round glorious
In full dress, with a string of Bohe
mian Club men at his heels. To these
he told little personal bits of the two
great stars and Joined in the chorus of
"wonderful, magnificent." Altogether it
was a great night. Great for art, great
for the stars and great for society.
Godowsky's Becital.
Leopold Godowsky's first recital will be
Orpheum.
Dorothy Studebaker (Mrs. Scott Mc-
Keown) eang to a eympathetic and ap
preciative audience at the Orpheum last
evening. Her sweet voice was heard in
plaintive melodies and the .theater-goers
who filled the playhouse were generous in
their applause. Idalene Cotton and Nick
Long, two well-known Californians. pro
duce one of the cleverest turns seen at
the theater in some time. Miss Cotton's
imitations of Mrs. Kiske in "Becky
Sharp" and Fougere are true to life. Xlck
Long is as funny and as popular as ever.
George Austin Moore Is a vocalist with
a sweet voice and possessed of ability to
mimic His parody on "Dixie" is a gem
in its way and causes much laughter.
Pretty Kathryn Osterman presents a
playlet entitled "The Editor, and she
docs better than in her opening sketch.
Jrvingr Brooks is a good' foil for the ac
tress. The nine Xelsons are never tiring.
Their wonderful tumbling arouses tre
mendous applause. The Empire Quartet
has a number of new songs, j Murry and
Clare, in operatic selections: Lizzie and
Vinle Daly, in new dances, and the Bio
graph conclude an excellent bilL
Kiven this afternoon at Sherman -Clay
Hall at 3:15. The first appearance of this
phenomenal pianist is eagerly awaited
by musicians, and the fonowing unique
programme, of . which the concluding
number 1* said to be the most difficult
piano movement ever written, will be the
opening menu: ;--; :•
Twelve symphonic etufiln ..Schumann
••Earabande," Op. 12. No. 1: "Courante."
Op. 12, No. 3; "Mcto Perpetuo^' Op. 13
Codowsky
"Eclorue ; "At the Spring"; "Concert
Study, tf F rcinor Liszt
••Scherzo." Op. 4 <Rnat minor) Brahms
"Sonata." Op. ZS <u minor) Chopin
Paraphrase* on Chopin studies Godowskv
<ai Op. 10. No. 1 <C minor).
»b) Op. 10. No. 2 <A minor).
<C> Op. 10. No. 3 <F major). *.
\ «J) Op. 25. Xo. 8 (in sixth*).
¦ (e) Op. 10, No. 7 (C minor tranecribed
in O naO
<f) Op. 10. No. 5, and Op. 25. No. ».
combined In one. ,
(Z) Coctrapuntal part&hracrs en Weber's
"Invitation to the Dance" GodowEky
Cv-' Alcazar..
- A Trhole houseful took a night off to
¦witness the opening night of the Daly
comedy, entitled "A Night Off," at the
Alcazar. The play Is rich in humor and
the characters well drawn and presented
Joseph AllKour's MtLrcus Brutus Snan
was a happy conceit, exhibiting the lead
ing man in his most artistic phase of
light humor. Justinian Babbitt, the col
le*?e professor, who in his early days
•wrote a. Roman tragredy that afterward
vrrecked a barn, was a hit at tho handa
of Howard Scott. Messrs. Emery. Web
rter and Montaine filled out the male
part of the cast acceptably. The ladles,
Marie Howe. Llla Convere, Aggie Han
kin and Juliet Crosby, were eo evenly
good that it would be unfair to discrimi
nate. The comedy han the rare merit of
bdns clean and free from vulgarity and
horseplay. _*
California.
Mr*. Fiske in "Tess of the d'Urber
vHles" again drew a crowded . house last
evening- at the California Theater. . This
marvelous interpretation can be seen; and
5U5PICION OF PETTICOATS
IN BERNHARDT'S "L'AIGLON"
THE SAN TOAyCISCO 'CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 12^ 1901.
5
YOU CAN LEAD A HORSE
To water but you can't make him drink—
so, too, you can send your linen to a laun-
dry, but you can't be sure it ¦will be laun-
dered to your satisfaction unless we're
at the other end of the line. Instead of
taking any more chances Just phone South
420 for our wagon to call, and we'll show
you the perfection of modern laundering
for "the same prices you are now paying
for Inferior work.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office IOO4 Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O (
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogrues and Price Lists Hailed
on Application.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IROX
4' \f IT ILOUll O VU« * Ttlephont Mala XUi.
Dfi. HALL'S REIN YIGOBATORBrafja
Five hundred reward for any BjE^wKi
ease m cannot cure. This secret HB ¦Sil
remedy stop* all losses ln 21 hours, I tu
cures Emissions, Impotency, Varl- M H9B
cocele. Gonorrhoea. G'.eet, Fits. WtI Wfu
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all LtiLJ UUil
wasting- effects of aalf-abuse or CM W^M
excesses. Sent sealed. ?2 bottle; 3 ¦ U*fnmtt£j!m
bottles, $3; "guaranteed to. cure any case. Ad-
dress .HALL'S .MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 855
Broadway; Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073^
Market st..* S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. - Send for frea book... • \ --• -. _.
OILS.
I.TTBKICATnfO OILS. LEONARD * ETAUL
4:3 Front at.. 8. F. Fhona Mala 171%.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS' KUXtia tU- clay. TeL Mala 12M.
utffimyy coppersmith. ;-
C W CM 1TH sh 'P Plumblr.tr, Steamboat and
V/-. W • 331 1111 Ship "Work a specialty. 1« and
13 Washington st. Telephone Main IW.
.Uvi PRINTINO.
E t HUGHES. .¦;m*SS2?5*'a»:
JtA&BHtfe&nn m * ? l '.* non-noteoBoai
t/^rWS^ **ll-Aj reniedr for Gonorrhcsa,
/V^^CCKEb^GI Cleet, Spotmatorrhv:*,
Jn 1 tot j«t.^B White'*, nnnatnral dU-
JfHsW GunntMd etiargt , or »ny lnflacims>
VH*W net w> •tri«t»r*. tioa, | rltation or ulcer*-
eonugion. tion ,1 xs\vl cons mem*
IfySlTHEEvms ChehioiCo. brants. Non-Mtrin?3nt.
lg«kCINCIN)ltT1.O.Qa *° ld b ' »rac«Ut»,
U.S.A. or ient ln Pl*ln wTappw,
-Aaffli^ !^l^H h r exprees, prepaid, (or
T^H^ngdP^ll tl.co. or a bottles,- ti.73.
¦ ClZ :alar sent on reQuatC
>- r PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
a First st.. San Fnadses.
¦"••¦:, >; STATIONER AND PRINTBfc
"gST PARTRIIKiE *',SK al *
P^WEEKLY CALL,
PACIFIC STATES
T elBphone T el e gr aph C drnj any
Telephones Irr U.i In the city of 'APPROXIMATELY
6an Francj8co," fr. ¦ •; , * lVAXXIX f* * * J * 1 * - •
January I, 1901, 21,755 January I, 1902, 30,000
WANTED— Men of good address who have had [some experience in
soliciting. [Call [between 10 'and < 12 o'clock, TELEPHONE BUILDING;
216 [Bush street '
TELEPHONES— 5 C^sPw Day and Upward.
jQill In b SI
WS&V While
\^|rV^L You Sleep
*@fc&&$!^ In Fifteen Days
"Gran-Sofrenf'dlssolres Stricture like snow b»>
neath the tun. reduces Enlartred Prostate and
strengthens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains aa4
Emissions ln Fifteen Days.
No dress to rain the stomach, bat » direct local
and positive application to the entire urethra! tract
Gran-Solvent Is not a liquid. It Is prepared la
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth andaexl W»
tad so narrow aa to pass the closest Stricture.
- Every Man Should Know Himself.
ne fit James Assn., Box 834, Cincinnati, O., hat
prepared at irreat expense an exhaust- ph m ¦¦ |
Ire Illustrated Treatise upon the male LULL I
System, which tb*» will send. to any r MI I I
Bs>le appUc&ot, I ¦¦¦»&¦ I
Si". JAMES ASSN - : 2so euw st., 1
Jl. .aciCJ AJJIIh, Cincinnati) Ohio.
810 RUPTURE. CURED
\s \\&£§Ma&A\Ot for TEN DOLLARS.
'^i>*?£«v53>*«5 : 5S?L''- < * Thousands hare been cur.ea
at their own homes for t«s
p"'<^>»\<!ia Binall prl«*e. tlreatest In-
fe^.£~- '*•] W^mO Tantionof the Ape. Sernr-
f^^^^ Ity and comfort to the rup-
jt^^^ST?fcS^^__, tured. Xo worthless wires
. *^S^?j^Ci^^iii!y'^0s^^^ or lotions to rub on. Ituofs
,*\ m-t*^r» the work. InTestlgstel
i«Bo«H.ix«. 1" (rivlns lull tofpntiation nj^^-^d^J:
ately on r»>>1rt Sc. »tamp and this ndTt. ,^» 1 i2"*?IS?
MAoitETIC TRUSS CO. c -° «»•¦'>•» str*ft, SAH FRANCISCO.
r i)
n MARKET ST. S F
EVERY WOMAN
__ -<r r >^ is interested and should know
-«^*^|n^ , about the wonderfnl
<Cp^M^\ HA RUE I whirling
If S^^Rlft Th , c " ew .Vaginal Syrlnre.
Mm<»'\'WNL;M M Injection and Suction.
W<SC*~i§ f ?M ¦¦ Best-Safest-Most Con-
venient. It Cleaaaet
,-^^^^^^^% • Instantly.
AikTocrdrnnhtfcrlt. V'-'AfiS — -*r?r»^~^"'
If hi- cmnot supply- tha \lBrV : '%Wi(5 • v
BIAIlVKIi. »ctfpt no yr. %, . y *t--^-V^-
other. but send stamp fcr Illus* " >JS. J "*'*;&\s
tratsdbook — goaled. It ffirn full V\ W ¦ ¦/a
particulars inrt dlretti<-n» inr.ilnable , **).''#. * /B
toltdie-- 2HABVKL ro.. "
C03 Mission st.. San Francisco. \*<UiZJr •
a The ordinary every-day life of most of our women- is-m
I How much, harder the daily tasks become ¦ when some
| derangement of the female organs makes every movement
| painful and keeps the nervous system all unstrung ! u
3 One dav she is wretched and utterly miserable ; in- a -day
or two she is better and laughs at her fears* thinking there
j is nothing much the matter after all j but before night tho
j deadly backache reappears, the limbs tremble, the lips twitch
— it seems as thouga all tne imps of Satan wero clutching
I her vitals ; she goes to pieces and is flat on her back.
1 No woman ought to arrive at this terrible state of
1 misery, because these symptoms are a sure, forerunner of
I womb troubles. She must remember that Lydia E. Pinfc-
1 ham's Vegetable Compound is almost an infallible cure
i for all female ills, such as irregularity of periods, which cause
I weak stomach, sick headache, etc., displacements and in-
9 flammation of the womb,: or any of the multitudes -of ill-
Mrs* Ooodon v/roteto Mrs.PinkhanrwhGnsho
was Sn groat trouble. Her letter tells tho result.
" Dear Mes. ProKHAM;— I am very grateful to you far your kindness
and the interest you have taken in me, and truly believe that your medicines
I"" ' "'*/—- "" "I an( * & d T } ce are 'worth more to a woman than all the
If^^llxP^'^K. doctors in the world. My troubles began with inflam-
pation and hemorrhages from the kidneys, then
inflammation, congestion and fallidg of the womb,
fl^|££!S~5ii^*U£li5 and inflammation of tho ovaries. I underwent local
Mgg^s-'T* --Hi treatment every day for some time; then, after nearly
&B$3& W&r wo months, the doctor gave me permission to go
pSk^CjJ r f back to work. I went back, but in less than a week
;g|v£& <3£» / was compelled to give up flwH go to bed. On break -
"S?/ down the second time, I decided to let doctors
<^K \fcfr. y medicines alone and try your remedies. Before
1SI3L 8 bottle was gone I felt the effects of it.
IEi£§3|fcg£ggg*w Three bottles of Jjy dia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
|f^^^Kg§fcP!t Compound and a package of Sanative Wash did
MRS L J GOODEN. me more S°°& than all the doctors' treatments and
'.'.'. ' ¦¦medicine. I have gained twelve pounds during the
last two months and am better in every way. Thanking you for your
kind advice and attention, I remain. Yonrs gratefully, 1
"MRS. E. J. GOODEN, Ackley,Ibwa. l » m I
; L
ft JB A A A BFIMfl fflfl% Owln* to tho fact that aom»«kradcal
V. m KumtZMia nr WW UK II P'oP^^efroraUiaetotimaquMtioned
KJJ 9SSS m N Sk m II H Hk VV PillU tliegenuiseoe*. of the testimonial lettera
* fn H H we * re congt *att7 pabliaitiaf, m havo
I deposited with the National City Bank, ot Lyaa, Mas*., I5.000
O IB 1 lip fiS H 3 whi f h wil1 c P** d to ""^ person who will show that the »bov«
Ift^J T&isf i&<!7 T*Sy testimonial is not genaino, or was pablbhed before obtxinlng tho
¦^eer. ¦*&? >B»f writer's tpecial permission.— I/TDIA E. Fz^XSAai MJBSXCHrx Co.
'AD v jaiti' i hk art jdLw m..; The system of rating on the unimproved
land values seems to" be gro Wing in favor
with ; the ; local j. authorities t'of New; Zea
land..'Hitherto the* ; ;land: and: improve
ments have been equally liable to be taxed
for,;: local" purposes," /but * a '¦. ; recent j act . of
Parliament "> made ; it .'* optional *^vith : bor
oughs ¦- whether,- they.j would £ continue /the'
"old system'or/adopt; the *6fitailng
the V unimproved - : values w only.— Baltimore'
Rating Improved Ijand.
CA1HORNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK.; Feb. 11.— The following
Calif ornians are in "New Tork:' From
San -Francisco— S.C.. Bart, >at Cadillac;
J.H.' Clark, at Albert; J.. S. Flynn, at
Cadillac; S. Gerson, at , Broadway ; Cen
tral;-;- H: -Glaus/ at Colonnade: W. ; M.
Heron and; wife, at Hoffman: E.E.-Hew
lett; : at ¦ New Amsterdam ; Captain, I*} J.
Hubert," at- Grand * Union; ¦ J. : Marks,-'at
Herald ;. Square : ; Mrs. A". * Martlx*. at ' Nor
mandie;"J.^ Coleman, at. Rossmore; 'J. C.
Siegfried. , at "Holland. ." • '
From Oakland— J.' A. Britton, at Im
perial. -''.; * ' •-".,' ,• ~*
"I do not believe In telling a child ghost
stories to frighten him when he 13
naughty. "VVhen Clifford is naughty I ex
plain the cerm theory to him and havfv
him look through a microscope at bacte
ria. It frightens him terribly, and at the
same time inculcates scientific knowl
edge." — Detroit Journal.
-• - - 1
1 "From your knowledge of telegraphy .**
said the drug clerk to the operator. . "do
rtu think it possible that the earth ever
can receive sljmals from Mara, as 1 Tesia '
thinks he has done?"
•'Oh yes " answered the operator. "w«
often 'get mysterious signals on our reg^
ular instruments." • .
"But • is it possible those siimals ever
can be Interpreted Intelligently?"
: "Undoubtedly they can: In fact, I think
an experienced operator could have told
Tesla at once what Mars was saying to
"You do?" What do you suppose Mars
¦was gaying?"
"Probably it was 'Get off the line, you
bip haxn" " — Buffalo Express. :
Mrs. Browne— Doesn't Mr. Johnson gt> to
your church?
Mrs. Malaprop—Xo. Indeed. He doesn t
believe In no church.
Mrs. Browne — You don t tell me?
Mrs Malaprop— Yes. he don't believe in
nothln'. He's a reg'lar acrostic,—Cleve
land Leader.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
It goes, without saying that when the trustees enter
upon their new/ domain they,; will ¦ follow the example
set at the University of California, at Stanford' an$ at
Chic|go and prepare' plans for the harmonious group
ing of the university buildings;[and that the structures
will be of a high order; of architecture. Thus tthe!
United States will have another great seat of learning,
notable. for beauty and magnificence as well as 16r ;
: the it provides. '-V" '.• ' . '-
The movement at Johns Hopkins should be a stimu
lus to California; arid prompt :l the* people and the
Legislature to promote "the State university by air
means in their "power. Money, devoted to higher edu-j
catiori~niay be said to be/ invested rather than 'ex
pended. , It advances. every interest 'of the common^
wealth ; it prepares a way for \ future good "of , incalcul-;
able value, and its benefits flow! forth? to all-classes of!
the community. ' In the closirigi years of the last ,'ceri- •
tury many .millions of. dollars were voted by; States or.
'given by munificent millionaires to the cause of high'er;
education, and it is evident that the new century wills
continue' the : good custom.. The timers, not far dis- 5
tant when American universities will serve as models .
for the; world. 1 -• f :,>,' '¦i.:^-''''' ')'•' ¦'''.''
ADVANCEMENT Op UNIVERSITIES.
ONE of the most gratifying features of American
life is displayed in the promptness with which
nearly every demand for higher education U
complied with. As soon as it is known that a uni
versity of the first class is in need of funds the funds
arc forthcoming. %
The latest illustration; of' that fact is furnished by
the people of Baltimore in dealing with Johns
Hopkins University. That .institution has outgrown
its present quarters in the city. Room is needed for
expansion. Only a short time has elapsed- since that
need was first announced to the public, and already
steps Have been taken to' amply supply it. citi
zens of BaltiiH^re have come forward and, offered to
donate to the university 151 acres of; iand,tdescribed
by the Baltimore American as ''being admirably situ
ated on the outskirts of the city." Thejgift.is to be
made provided'that the sum of $i,ooo,oo»' be raised to
increase the university endowment. That[stipulation is
put in the offer because in. the present condition of the
university, finances the gift of land would be a burden
rather than a benefit to the institution.
It is riot to, be doubted that the required million
will be speedily forthcoming.; Johns Hopkins
will then enter upon a new era' in its history. It will
no long"er be confined to comparatively narrow quar
ters within the city, but will have a spacious campus,
ample for all the needs of university life.
'SCHOOL. DISTRICTS — F., Salmon
.Creek, Cal. ~. If a - school district was
formed in a courfty, " the ¦ requisite number
;of children was secured, petition sent to
.the County . Superintendent and all other
were complied with, and a
:year_has passed without any action being
; taken in regard to establishing a school.
ithe- residents of: the district should lay
the matter before the County Board of
: Education and ask ; for reasons.
f ;A MONTH'S RENT— R.R.; City.. It Is
generally understood that *'a" ; person who
hires a room by the month has the privi
lege of the room for thirty days, bin cus
tom 1 ' has made ; it an- unwritten' law that
.If a room is rented on the first of a month
the o6cupant has * the * use - of • the room
until. the first of. the following month ir
. respective of the fact '-that the month
may have thirty-one days.- If : a person
rented a room on the 29th : day of Decem
' ber,;190O, the next month's rent was due
and payableon the 29th of January *> and
as there is; no 29th in : Februarj-, ¦ 1901 the
i next "rent" wilt r be due March a-= that is
following the custom of ; collect!
& s ;1 ll 1 j t 5 :i 5 uirr|f V" 5 ;!? 11010 " 1 Elated on
1 .the thirty-day rule the rent - would be
payable on the 28th. • " DO
NEWSPAPERS-E. E. H., City. A per
son having information to impart to a
newspaper should address bimself to the
managing editor. If it Is a matter of
S M ea i»i lra , por T? n w°. he wlH glve u P«rsonal
attention. If it. is an ordinary item of
news ho will direct some one to receive
the information.
WINDY DAYS-C. P., city. Every day
in the year In San Francisco may bo
called windy, for there Is scarcely a day
In the year when there is not some wind
During the year 1900 the average velocity
was nine and» one-half miles. In that year
July wa» the windiest month and Febru
ary the least windy. £* — -
CABIN BOY— A. J. K.. City. The duties
of a cabin boy on board of a steamer and
on board of. a sailing vessel vary in ac
cordance, with/ the ".rules -that govern the
ship. Such a boy is generally expected
to perform such duties as his age and
physical capacity will warrant. Hl3 prin
cipal duty; Is to wait: on the passengers
and officers of, the ship.
of police in San Francisco and the white
ones on the - sleeve of a patrolman, indi
cate the number of years he has been on
the force. Each chevron means five
years 1 service. ;', • v :
UNITED STATES LANDS-W. H. D.,
City. For rules and regulations concern
ing tho taking ~up of Government Jand
make application at any of the United
States land offices. If you desire laws jm
that stfbject you can find such in the Flee
Public -Library In San' Francisco.
CHEVRONS-A. J. K., City. The gold
chevrons on the coat sleeve of a sergeant
- LUZON JSLAND-F. M., City. For
clerical positions under ' the Government
in the Philippines, address the military
governor of - the Island of Luzon, P. I.
OLD HORSE SALE— A. R. San Jose.
Cal. The old horse sale by Wells, Fargo &
Co/ this year will probably take place tn.
March. The fact Is usually advertised
for thirty days prior to the sale.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES*
E. O. McCormick. general • passenger
traffic, manager- of the Southern Pacinc,
will leave for, Chicago Thursday to attend
the convention ' f of the. Transcontinental
Passenger.Managers' Association "which
convenes next Monday?* ¦-¦'¦-,
H. Wittenberg, connected with the
•Portland- Cracker ". Company * of Portland,
arrived in the city yesterday and is at
the Grand. . . •
J. P.Kasmusscn, a paint and oil mer
chant, and B.\ Langley, a railroad man,
both' of: Portland, Ore., are guests at the
Grand. . , • /
! A. J. * McSorley, a prominent attorney
of San Andreas, and R: B. Butler, a fruit
man- of Fresno, are registered at the
Grand. * ,
R. S. Ruble, traveling 'passenger agent
of the Union Pacific, with headquarters
at Ogden, Is In the city. 'p\ -. C;
': I. Katz.> merchant of Port Townsend,
Wasfi.; arrived In tbo city yesterday and
is registered at the Lick.
Jackson Dennis of Sutter C*eek and "W.
H. Haley of Grass Valley, mining men,
are at the Grand. , ;
General "W. F. -Forsyth and Lee L.
Grey, raisin growers from Fresno, are at
the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION. *
J. R. Foster, a hotelman of Marysvllle,
is at the Lick. . . ¦¦ . - • • /,'
Dr. J. D. Hodgen has returned from an
exte'nded Eastern visit.
P. B. . McCabe, a merchant of Los An
geles, is at the Palace
R. Robertson,, proprietor of Gllroy
Springs, is a guest at the Lick.
R. M. Seltzer, a mining man of Red
ding, is registered at the Grand.
George T. Cameron' and wife of Bakers
field are guests at the Califprnla.
that they might go to the church and Join
in an • early service. Crowds of people
were there when ' they entered, many or
them mothers with screaming", babies in
their arms. A man came forward and
tried to quiet them. Father Johann gave
him a severe look^ and told him that it
was he who was causing the disturbance.
After the service the two ladles went
back o their home, and presently Father
Johann came to them. He listened while
the lady who apoke Russian explained
their errand. Then he put out both his
hands, and drawing Mme, M 'a head to
ward him kissed her gently on the fore
head.
"When two cr three are gathered to
gether," he said, solemnly, and then,
turning toward a holy. picture that hung
in the, corner of the room. 'he began to
mutter long prayers In a voice that was
scarcely audible.
> When he had finished ho turned around
and walked vbrusquely -away. Mme. M
touched his arm and pointed to a pur«e
full, of gold which she had placed before
him. He turned back a moment, seized
the purse and walked off.
He had not gone many .yards when the
ladies saw a. poor man come up to him
begging. ' Without a moment's hesitation
Father Johann drew the purse oat of his
pocket and cave it to him. Money la
nothing to Father Johann. He takes what
each chooses to give and hands It to" the
flr»t who aeks. •
Once a girl pushed her way through the
crowd to his side and said: "I have a
friend who has something wrong: with her
eyes. The doctors say she must undergo
an operation or she will become blind.
What Is she to do?"
"She will get well." replied Fath«r Jo
hann without a moment's hesitation.
"There is no need of an operation."
The girl went away perfectly satisfied.
This Is only- one of ¦ the thousands of
cases brought to him "daily. Sometimes
while the people are telling him their
woes' he reads the newspaper, and more
than once he has fallen asleep while lis
teninET to some long story.
There, are two men In Russia who can
say and do what they please. The heart
of the nation is entwined around them,
and the Government dare not touch them.
They are Tolstoi and'Father Johann., Tho
people look upon Father Johann as a
saint; they believe^that he has the power
to heal the 1 sick, and many ¦ will lell you
they have seen most wonderful cures with
their own eyes. . The old priest. Is more
than eighty years of age. He is too frail
to walk alone in the crowd that flocks to
his side the moment he appears in public.
Soldiers walk on either. side of him when
ever he is seen in the streets and have
hard work to keep the crowd from crush-,,
ing him. When he comes to St. Peters
burg Ms followers stop the traffic in, the
streets. - . •. _. ' .¦
Father Johann lives in Kronstadt, says
the; Pall Mall Gazette, and people of all
classes travel thousands of miles that- he
may heal their diseases.. If the sick can
not come -themselves their, friends come
instead and beseech him to pray, for them.
His eyes are supposed to have miraculous
power. By looking into people's faces h»
can read not only their thoughts, but their
history, and he advises them about tho
future with such satisfactory resulU that
their faith in him is unbounded.'
A lady In Switzerland who had a sick
son heard of Father Johann and decided
that she would so to Kronstadt and ask
him to pray for the boy. Friends in St.
Petersburg put the matter before the
priest, and asked, whether he thought It
would be of any use for Mme. M to
come so far;. .
"No,"- ho replied: "let her remain in
Switzerland. God can cure her son there.
I will pray for her, and she need not
come."
But the lady was not satisfied: she came
to Kronstadt, bringing another lady with
her as • interpreter. They found rooms in
bis house set apart for people from a dis
tance. Everything was. very simple/and,
the moderate sum of one rubie (two shil
lings) was charged, for the night. - -
At 4 in the morning they were awakened
McKENZlE'S CONTEMPT.
7~*HE decision given yesterday by the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals, adjudging
Alexander McKenzie guilty of contempt of
ordering his imprisonment therefor in the County.
Jail for one year, is one of the most striking and re
markable ever rendered in this country. The record
of the doings of Arthur H. Noyes, United States Dis
trict Judge of Alaska, was denounced as "shocking."
The decision recites some of the principal acts of
Judge Noyes in connection with the litigation before
him from the time of his arrival at Nome with Mc-
Kenzie until the arrest of the latter for disobedience
to the process of the Court of Appeals. It dwells
upon the iniquity and corruption disclosed by these
proceedings as without a parallel in the history of
jurisprudence within the United States. The defense
of McKenzie that he acted under legal advice in dis
obeying the writ is pronounced to be simulated, not
withstanding one of his attorneys testified to the
effect .that he was so advised. Another defense, that
the property was beyond his control when the writ
reached him, was found to be equally unfounded,
although supported by oath, of the same attorney.
There can now be no question about the facts which
go to make up the career of this infamous judge.
If the President allows this man Noyes to remain
longer in office he will offer an insult to every honest
Judge upon the Federal bench and* to the whole bar
of the United States. It is understood that McKenzie
and Noyes have friends in high places, including Sen
ators and at least one member of the Cabinet, but if
corruption of this character and magnitude can escape
the prompt censure ar.d action of Congress and the
President, the late ceremonies in honor of the mem-,
ory of Giief Justice Marshall should pass for a hollow
mockery. The Call may congratulate itseif that it was
one of the first to sound the alarm on account of this
condition in Alaska, and that all its statements then
made, after most careful inquiry, have been fully
recorded in the most solemn form by this decision,
which will be read with the greatest interest through
out the United States. All we then said in commenda
tion of the Federal courts of this circuit has also been
realized, and the people will regard them with in
creased favor andesteem for this merited rebuke and
punishment of corrupt practices in judicial proceed
ings. The Legislature of the State and the commer
cial bodies of this city should unite in supporting the
courts and the due administration of the law by pub
licly denouncing this r.buse of justice in Alaska, which
not only cauccd great detriment to many of our citi
7ens, but disastrously affected the general r business of
the city.
EDWARD'S TITLE.
SHORTLY after the, death of Victoria it was
stated in the dispatches from London that
Edward desires to have more prominence given
to the title, of emperor than to that of king when the
time comes for his formal coronation. Not much at
tention was given to the report at the time, for it was
regarded as nothing more than rumor. It now ap
pears, however, that the subject is likely to become
one of some importance, and when Parliament as
sembles it may be requested by the Ministry to change
the title of the sovereign.. and crown Edward as
emperor.
Whether the agitation was started by the King
does not appear, but the discussion of the subject is
going briskly on. The London Law Journal has
openly advocated the change on the ground that the
present title is not sufficiently expressive of the im
perial character of the domain over which Edward is
to rule. It says the time has clearly come when the
title of "emperor." should no longer be confined to
India, but should be made to. include the whole of the
widely extended empire. It is further maintained that
in our time the designation "king" has come to be
more and more associated with monarchs of states of
lesser importance, like Greece, or. that are in a semi
dependent condition, iike Prussia. As Great Britain
is neither a weak nation nor a dependent nation, her
monarch should bear a title which, to the modern
world, signifies' the ruler of a domain of the first class.
The question is a sentimental one, and -yet sentimenr
counts in politics. Ever since the outbreak of the war
in South Africa there has been a growing spirit ot
imperialism in the great colonies of Canada and Aus
tralia. It would be gratifying to them to have the
head of their states known as Emperor of the^whole,
British empire, rather than as King of the compara
tively narrow islands of Great. Britain and Ireland.
That fact may have some influence in determining
Parliament to change the title, and consequently it is
not improbable the world may be called upon to hail
Edward not as king, but as emperor, on the day of
his coronation.
JUSTICE FOR THE BR0VE.
OUT of Secretary Long's recent letter to Senator
Morgan, explaining .why there * has been a
• "failure to recognize' the services" of Lieuten
ant Hobson, Captain Clark and others of the fleet
that fought at Santiago, there has renewal of
the old controversy between the opposing supporters'
of Sampson and of Schley. ; The renewal is to be re
gretted for many reasons. In the first place the whole
subjecthas been threshed over many times,; all 'the
facts are known, and it is not likely the contestants
will ever agree as to the conclusion to be drawn from
them. We are thus having a controversy that injures
the repute of the navy, engenders antagonism between
two officers, both of whom the country, honors, and
all for no good end. The worst of it is that while that
quarrel goes on naval officers who are not in any way
responsible for it are kept out "of their deserved
promotion.
In the. course of his letter^ the Secretary says: "I
feel keenly the lack of- any recognition : of Hpbson,
whose* feat is famous . the" world over." . - Concerning*
the case of Captain Clark;of the. Oregon,. whose flying
trip around the Horn to take part in the battle is one:
of the marvelous feats of naval War, he says: ''Captain.
Clark is two numbers .worse off now than if there had
been no war/' .;" In/othcr words, 1 the men of the Manila
fleet have been promoted and rewarded while those
of the .West ! Indian* fleet , have ; received ' nothing? r
.The..S.ecrctary.says: /'It, is more than two years now:
Mayor Phclan's confession that. he entered. into a
political conspiracy with the Examiner to divert some
of the richest gifts in his official bestowal to "selfish
jrofit-makinR schemers not only proves that -he has.
stooped to that which is discreditable, but that on
occasions he will betray. his. pals.
A whisky trust has been established irdDenver,
where it is said more liquor is drunk than in any
other American city in the Union. 1 This is one of the
few cases where the consumers may be able to cheat
the monopoly by calling upon their internal reserve.
David B. Hill of New York says that he will not
under any circumstances accept the Democratic nomi
nation for the' Presidency. -If this means anything it
means that David has. been too long a mourner to
head the procession in another political wake.
It is to be hoped_ that the legislative investigation
into the affairs of the local Police Department will b«
sufficiently thorough to prove to Mayor Phelan what
everybody else knows — that white men are the vic
tims of licensed Chinese coolies in this city. .
A' measure has been introduced in the State. Legis-
Iature"to abolish' grand juries. Perhaps it would
be unfair to suggest that those who are interested in
the bill consider it to be a measure of protection.
White men, it is said, are leading Indians to battle
in Mexico. ThU* ought to be one of the cases where
the color of the skin is absolutely no ; «HicatJon of
what is underneath. . „', .
FATHER JOH ANN OF KRONSTADT
Many People of the Empire Looking
upon Him as a Saint -
In the present condition of things there it is per
fectly certain that unlawful liquor-selling will cease
during the spasm of excitement, only to be resumed
again under circumstances that teach disrespect for
all law.
In the tnidst of all this hurly-burly it is probable
that common sense enough may appear to resubmit
prohibition to the voters and get from them a de
cision calmly made, and one that will be backed by
public opinion.
Perhaps if Governor Stanley could borrow Mr.
Nation's horsewhip and use it on his rebellious son
the official air of Kansas would be clearer.
Kansas would not be Kansas if this were the only
rift in the lute. The Governor of the State is opposed
to Mrs. Nation's methods. But the Governor's son,
a college student, attacks his father and intimates that
the people made a mistake in electing him Governor.
Surely this is an interesting reform movement. The
liatchet-swinger for prohibition married to a con
genial spirit who does not need to get drunk to use a
whip in enforcing matrimonial 'discipline!
So Kansas has a divided Nation. It appears that
the Nations have disagreed before. The smasher and
her husband came from that seat of universal calm,
Texas, and it is said tobe of record that when Mrs.
Nation chafed under the conjugal yoke Mr. Nation
had the habit of bringing 'her around with a horse
whip. Their neighbors are now of the opinion that
if Carrie carry her hatchet too far afield," on her re
turn to home base she will need it to defend herself
from a licking at the hands of her reformatory
husband.
Then Mr. Nation arose and roared in his wrath. It
was his first roar since these proceedings began. It
was in disapproval of Mrs. Nation's tour . abroad
while unsmashed saloons remained at home. He said
he had invested his hard-earned money in the smash
reform and had stood by his wife while she was
making the domestic rum-§eller seek the cyclone cel
lar, but he declined to; equip her as an invading force
to carry war into the States with which Kansas is at
peace.. • •
But, like some of the storms that sweep across
those great prairie plains between the Missouri and
the Mississippi, Mrs. Nation's' tempest seems to have
spent itself at Des Moines, for she received notice
that her Chicago lecture was canceled, as only $12
worth of tickets had been sold.
All Western Iowa turned out ;to hail the great
Carrie, the war angel of Kansas, the bearer of glad
tidings and a hatchet. The old lady made speeches,
prayed-and extended the glad hand at every station,
and when ; she reached DesMoines business was
blocked by the. crowd and the police had to hew a
path with their clubs before the captain of the Smash
Ladies could go to, her carriage.
THE KflNSflS W0Y.
XA RS. NATION snfashed enough plate glass
/ \ and hacked enough cherry bars to get a stock
of that .notoriety* which is a step-brother to
fame, and then she accepted lecture engagements and
left Kansas to the demon rum while she went forth
to win pin money on the platform. En route to
Chicago she passed across Iowa like a conqucress.
That State has "had her kind of hysterics and has
cherished a desire, to make people sober and religious
by statute. For years the prohibition movement there
suffered from the name of its leader, Mr. Todhunter,
whose peculiar and thirst-suggesting cognomen was
wrought into ribald verse by the scoffers. '^k'k
It is reported that an attache of the American lega
tion is in possession of over $;oo,ooo in money and
valuables stolen from the house of Lu Sen, the • un
fortunate Chinese nobleman who was executed by
order of the Empress Dowager because he was op
posed to the Boxer uprising against foreigners. His
family has been outraged and oppressed, and finally
robb*ed of all they had, by the very people in whose
behalf he lost his life. The missionaries will hardly
expect that family to build. many Christian churches.
White civilian looters now go almost alone through
out North China and demand money and take prop
erty from the terrified people. One of these enter
prising persons started in with no capital but a mule
cart and has robbed until he is rich. He had only tc»
enter a village and announce that he was a "high, top
side English war man" and rob the town as easily as
Black Bart used to stand up a mountain stage. This
civilian stealing, however, is petty larceny compared
to the looting done by the military, under the eye of
the officers who represent the various Christian na
tions that are'lTiere to protect religion and its mis
sionaries.
woman's piercing scream broke from the muffling
depths of a cluster of houses and spent its echoes in
the empty streets." ¦ '
All who resisted robbery were killed, and even the
Sikhs and Sepoys sickened of the mere butchery of
unarmed men while they were begging for mercy.
When another large city was entered without resist
ance by order of Earl Li the troops were fed. There was
no Chinese military force near. The inhabitants were
non-combatants and unarmed, incapable, of resistance.
The day the allied forces took possession the streets
teemed with people and the daily life aiyd business
flowed normally. The next day "shops' were closed
and the streets were deserted, except by German,
French and Italian soldiers wheeling hearts loaded
with stolen property. The city was- systematically
looted. The narrator says: ."Now and then a
The latter has been marked by the German punitive
expeditions, in which the French and British have
taken part, which have^been nothing but expeditions
for murder and brigandage. Cities have been entered
without resistance, and whose people, by orders of;Li
Huqg Chang, had received the foreign troops hos
pitably, feeding them :,nd furnishing all needed sup
plies, and such cities have been systematically looted
and every Chinese murdered who dared to resist the
breaking of his doors and theft of his property.
One of these forays visited the city of Tuliu, which'
was entered without firing a shot and found to be
already in possession of a British non-commissioned
officer and two privates. The troops looted and
burned the town.
But Von Waldersee was commander-in-chief of the
allied forces, and must do something to justify his
journey and his high ppsition. An American, Mr.
Millard, has described the situation as consisting of
three distinct phases— resistance, punishment and're
venge—the first natural, the second necessary, the
third criminal." : "I
RELIABLE reports of the doings in China multi
ply as time goes. on. They come' as a running
commentary ton the extraordinary demands of
the powers for indemnity and blood atonement. The
evil doings began with the advent of Field ; Marshal
Von Waldersee, who -arrived after the reat fighting
was over and the last organized force of Boxers had
been routed and dispersed.
PACIFYING CHINA.
A Third Sex.
In 1540 Harriet Martlneau found only
seven gainful occupations open to women,
and of these but four took them away
from home. In 1830 nearly 4.000,000 Ameri
can women were engaged In 380 out of 369
occupation*. At. present there are prob
ably 5,000,000 American women engaged in
about 400 gainful pursuits. European
women are still more "advanced." In ISiW
only 12 per cent of American women Were
engaged in what might be called exclu
sively bread-winning occupations, while
In Germany the percentage was 23, and
in England 27. In France 40 per cent of
the factory "hands" were women, and
outside of the factories were thousands
more of female workers.
Henry P. Flnck thinks this Invasion by
women of the bread-winning occupations
must inevitably change the character of
women unless it . soon be checked. As
they obtain the same education, engage
In the same pursuits, follow the sama
ideals, their thoughts and feelings, he be
lieves, their tastes and manners, and even
their features, must gradually approxi
mate those of men. The final result then
would be the creation of a sex antagonism
which can have but one of two effects.—
Chicago Inter Ocean.
The serious illness of President Dlni
means "much to Mexico, and his- deatir
would be to that country far more por
tentous than was the passing away o;
Queen Victoria of Enzland. To Porflrij
Diaz, soldier and statesman, who ha*
ruled over Mexico bo ions and so well. 1*
due all Of that country's rapid advance of
the last quarter of a century. Substantial
as that advance bas been, the best ob
servers have feared that when Diaz re
nounced the Presidency a period of dis
order and disturbing change would follow.
and it has perhaps been this feeling that
has caused the man himself to- give up
more than once his cherished desire for
retirement. He is now 7* years old. ami
the auestion of a flt successor is one of
vital moment to the perpetuation of thj
republic which he* has done so much more
than any other one man to found and pre
serve.—Philadelphia Times.
President Diaz.
Loot in Mrs. Nation's Wake.
The Anthony Republican is at hani
with a full account of the Joint-smashing
crusade led by Mrs. Sheriff. A. terrlblo
feature of the 'work, says this paper, was
the opportunity offered and eagerly selzei
for looting. Men and boys followed tho
women from saloon to saloon and helped
themselves to many gallons of liquor and
many thousands of cis'ars. The result was
that the town became filled with drunken
men and boys. Boys could be seen spew
ing about the streets irom the unaccus
tomed use of tobacco, and a number of
them were drunk who probably had never
tasted liquor before In their lives. We
gather from the Republican's account that
the occa.«ion became a big town drur.k.
and it is a sad and curious commentatry
on this kind of temperance education. —
Kansas CItv World.
A nation may lose- a portion of its in
dustries and yet be great in commerce.
It may either lose or win in war without
affecting Its future. But when a nation.
even while its wealth increases, finds ltd
total pauperism swelling It ' has need to
diligently seek to reform things. When
England, with 30,000,000 population, has
over 807,000 paupers; Scotland, with 4,000.
000 population, has S7.00O, and Ireland,
with 4,700.000. ha9 also 97,000. It- appear3
not only that the current ideas concern
ing those countries must be reversed, but
that where the wealth Is greatest there
the proportion of pauperism is the larg
est.—Pittsburg Dispatch.
Pauperism in England.
Late returns from the pauperism of tin
United Kingdom give food for reflection
among those studying the course of Eng
land.
The Tyrannical Turk.
Tho edict of the Sultan of Turker for
bidding alien Jews to acquire property in
the Turkish empire or to remain in the
country lonsrer than three month* at anr
one time .Is a disgraceful admission of
the slothfulness and weakness of th>
Turkish character. By making such a
rule the Turk simply eava that the worii
already knows that he cannot compete
with any race that possesses the qualities
of energy. Intelligence and thrift.— Kansas
City World.
Rome has rone half mad over the pros
pect of- the birth of an heir to the throne.
The Syndic of Rom» and his counsel
ors are already deep In deliberation over
the solemn duties of high festivity rest
ing upon the capital, and associations of
all kinds, not excepting trade unions, ar*
beginning to organize subscriptions for
every manner of present." Well, here'* tcv
the Italians! It s a fine thine to see a
nation, cheering up.— Boston, Journal.
An Heir to Italy.
Absorption of Nations.
Bishop Thoburn thinks It Is all rlffht for
small nations to be absorbed by Irvrfsr
ones, as It does awav with so inarV
evlls. The logical outcome of the Bishop's*
argument Is thar the Creator made a ires
take in permitting: such a diversity o*
peoples, and has now called upon tha
stronger nations to help him correct It
The Bishop seems* flnnly planted on tha
"Might makes right" proposition.— lndl-i.
napolia News. .
For Herself Alone.
Hundreds of cranks are burdentnjr tha
malis with lettars to Miss Hay K f Loa
the. Bridgeport (Conn.) factory girl wh^
recently Inherited J4.000.000, asking her ta
marry, them. Every writer assures her oa
his word as a gentleman that It Is not for
h «r nuftoey but for her own dear self
that he desires her. As they, say so, thero
is no way of disproving It, but the coin
cidence is most remarkable.— Kansas City
\v orld.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Passing of the O. A. TL
The Grand Army of the Republic still
makes such a brave show upon parade
that It comes like a shock to learn how
rapidly Ita numbers are decreasing. Since*
1890 the ranks have been reduced from
4OO.4S9 to 275.662, a great division compris
ing 123.S27 men has obeyed the last com
mand and marched In mystery beyond the
call of human voice or sisht of human
eyes.— Chicago Times-Herald.
since the President sent in nominations for.promotion,
and these nominations; have never, been acted upon
„/ th 5 Sen ate/, At each session of* Congress I have
prepared'and 'submitted bills-asking; for rewards for
these officers ; L no ¦ action" has been taken upon them.
In each of my annual reports I have urged the matter
with all the force possible, but it attracts no attention.";
; It iscertaihly time Yd get theSampson-Schley con
troversy out: of ..thi'' way.- : The general mass of the
people of the United States have long since dismissed
it from memory/and there is no reason why Congress
should not do so. Like the other events of the war,
it; has gone into history and should be left for his
torians to wrangle over." Whether the victory is
rightly due to Sampson or to Schley is after all / a
minor matter. The battle was fought by the whole .
fleet, and every ship bravely performed her part. The
heroes of the West Indies merit recognition equal to
that given to the heroes of the East Indies, and there,
should be no further delay in giving it. . ¦
TITE/SAlSr FRANCISCO CALL^ TUESDAY^ IS^- lUUi.
FOR KING PIERPONT FIRST,
BY DIVINE RIGHT OF WAY
TUESDAY. ...../... 1 . .FEBRUARY 12, 1901
' 'vfiidHN D. SPRECKELS. • Proprietor.
licrtet in CtEEBcicatitss to W. 8. LEAKE, Hmigtr.
MAXAGKIl'Si OFFICE. ...... .Telephone Pre«i2<W
PfBLICATlOX OFFICJsTTTMarliet and Third, S. F.
Telephone Vrrmtt 'Ml. "-V V
EDITORIAL It no. MS 217 to 2^1 Stcrenson St.
Telephone rress*2O2.
Delivered Iij- Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
\ Mncle Cop I en. 5 Cent*.
Terms !»>• Mail. Incladlnff Fostaeet
DATI/T CALL <lnrlndln* Eunday). one year *6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 6 month* *W
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months • I- 5 *
DAILY CALL— By Firple Month C5e
PUNDAT CALU One Tear 1 - M
TTEEKLT CALL.. One Year 1 - M
All poilnitnlrrii ore authorized to receive
• . ¦abxcrlptlonH.
PanipSe copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail riibscribers "In ord«rint ohanjre of address should be
particular to-ri\* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and .-orrert compliance v.ith their request.
OAKLAMI OFFICE *. . . .HIS Broadrrar
C. GEOKCE~ lOtOCSESS.
Ktttgtr Tertica Adrertiste;. Karjsitts Balldiag. Chie*g».
Ojozib Distance Telephone "Central IG9.")
KETT YORK COimESPON'DEN'T:
C. C. CARLTO.X Herald S«nare
KEXV YOHK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX n. SMITH «O Tribune Bnlldinff
XEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
VTaldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Erentano, 81 Unlcn Square;
Murray Hill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASH1XCTOX <D. C.) OFFICE 1 406 G St.. X. W.
MORTON B. CRAM!, Correspondent.
V.R i\< II OFFICES — 52" Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until f.SO o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. (33
McAllister open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larktn. open until
9:30 o'clock. ir<U Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1006 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 1C6 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NVT. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
SUGGESTION FOE A CROWN FOR THE GREATEST RAILWAY ANI?
STEEL MAGNATE IN THE WORLD/AFTER DESIGN BY AN ARTIST
FOR THE CHICAGO DAILY TRIBUNE. \
6
: The best liver medicine. A vegetable ear* for
Uv«r Ills, biliousness. Indigestion, constipation.*
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
. Special in* ormaticn «uppU«d dally to
business houses and public min to tiws
Prest Clipping Bureau (Allen's) SID M ont-
Somery it Teltphonf Main 1042. •
/ When a girl tells a young man all ths
things she loves him for he realizes that
he doesn't possess a single one of them.
Cal. clace fruit We per lb at Townsend'*.'
Choice candles.Townsend's.Palac«Hot«L»
Fischer' e— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Tfmple— Henschels' Recital, to-mcrrow after-
noon.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Piano Recital to-morrow aiternoon.
C&liforria. Jockey Clu.!> (Oakland)— Races.
Tanforan Park— Race?.
-AMUSEMENTS. ?
Orplieura— Vaudertll*.
Gran/i Opera-hous* — "i/Algrlon."
Alca«ir-"A Night Off."
Tlvoll— "Hell Gwynr.e."
Ontral— "After r»«rk."
California— "Tees of the d'Urb*rvUle«."
Cl}-nu>U, corner Mason and Eddy etreets-:Sp«claltieB.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Go to the Inauguration.
Tne S&nta Fe will make excursion ratea from
Calif ornia points to Washington and return on
the "occasion of the relnauguratlon of. President
McKlnley. March 4U>. The tickets will be sold
on February 2JU» and 25th aftd will be jood M
return, starting from "Washington, not later
than March 8th. West of Chlcaso, however, the
tickets will be ffood until March 23th. These
tickets will be honored on the California LJm-
lted. • . • .Rev.' Benjamin Fay Mills will deliver a
lecture in the Academy of Sciences to
morrow, evening under the auspices of the
San Francisco Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals. His subject" will
be, '"The Cry of the Animal SouL"
Rev. Dr. Mills to Lecture.
Branch Hydrosraphlc Office/ U. S. N., Mer
. chants' Exchange. Saa Francisco, Cal..
February 11. 1901. • • -
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th ¦ meridian, or at s
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
. C. O. CALKDfS, ,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., in charge.
State Mineralogist's Term Is Ending
and Speculation Concerning
Successor Is Rife.
Around the State Mining Bureau there
Is a li'/ely Interest just now in the ac
tions of the Governor. The term of A. S
Cooper aa State Mineralogist expires with
the present month, and probably a new
man will be placed at the head of the in
stitution at the beginning of. March. Mr
Cooper has no idea that he will succeed
himself and has already a business loca
tion in mind. . ¦ ;
The various incumbents of positions feel
reasonably sure that they will continue
as. employes > of the State In the bureau
for previous changes in the Incumbency
of the office of Mineralogist have not af
fected the subordinates radically.. Outside
of the bureau there Is also considerable
speculation concerning the outlook, espe
cially on the part of the oil men.: ¦ ,
MINING BUREAU MEN
ARE BECOMING ANXIOUS
MUCH DIFFICULTY EXPERIENCED
IN RAISING SOUTH PORTLAND
. m \ _ . - . ...¦_¦.- * -
Tlie Cofferdam Built to Go Oyer the Hold Does &ot Fit and It Will
Have to Be Ffemodeled Before Vessel Gan Be Pura ped Iput.
THE' wreckers are finding consid
erable difficulty ; In '• raising the
steamship ', South ; " Portland. ; Her
" cargo of lime /, caught ;;flre last
week and the vessel was scuttled
in order to save the hull and upper works.
Since then divers have been at .work and
two tugs- have been constantly employed
trying to pump her out. .
. Several days ago it was decided to build
a. : cofferdam over the ' hold and then ;try
again to pump her out. 1. Tuesday It; was
found that the cofferdam did not fit and
it will have to be rebuilt. . It .was hoisted
up and taken ashore,' where the .necessary
•changes ¦ will ' be made. "In the meantime
the South Portland lies alongside the sea
wall with her bow completely . under
water and her, stern , just showing. It
will probably be the end of the week be
fore the vessel is raised,. and 'then it will
be the first -week in: March, before she is
ready for service, again. , : Xi ".-^
AXTSTil A1.I A SAILS FOR' TAHITI
Goes 'Out Loaded With Freight, but
With Small List of Passengers.
The Oceanic Mail Company's steamship
Australia got away for Papeete, the capl T '
tal of Tahiti, yesterday. She was a lit
tle behind time owing to some freight
coming down at the .last minute, but as
she is in first class trim Captain Lawless
thinks he can make up the delay in port
and make the islands on schedule time.
The Australia did not take away many
passengers, .but there were a number of
tourists among them, and when this new
paradise of the Pacific comes to be known
the rush there will be greater than to
Hawaii. :' ¦* ' ' -.- ¦¦¦¦
The Ventura Delayed.
The Oceanic Steamship, Company's mail
Jjoat Ventura will not get away for Ha
waii, Samoa, New Zealand and Australia
until Thursday. February 14, at 9. p. m.
The Knglish mails are delayed and will
not get here until about 7 p. m. on the
14th, 1 and as soon as they are aboard the
mail boat will sail. • ' *
The accident on board the steamship
Ventura on January 23, in which five men
were killed and five Injured by the burst
ing of a steam pipe, was investigated yes
terday afternoon by Captains Holies and
Bulger, local United States inspectors of
Bteam vessels. The principal witnesses
were S. N. Haines, chief engineer; T. W.
Lawrence, first assistant; J. V. Ainsworth,
second assistant; and M..; McGinn, repre
senting the -builders. The 'chief engineer
and his assistants told about the break
ing of the steam pipe, which they ascribed
to imperfect. construction on the- part of
the builders. There was 165 pounds of
steam pressure at the time of the frac
ture. There was absolutely no unskillful
ness In the handling of the engine, they
said. Mr. McGinn said that he did not
believe in the theory of faulty construc
tion, but when he was pinned down to
details admitted that lie did not know
any thing about the cause of the accident.
The inspectors will render a decision
next week.
The Overdue Fleet.
The Bertha Is now out 111 days from
Welhalwel for Portland;" the Otto Oilder
melster eighty-nine days from Yokohama
for Portland;: the Cap^ Wrath 102 days
from Callao fpr Astoria or Portland, and
the'Andrada ninety-two days from Santa
Rosalia for Portland. On all these ves
sels the underwriters are paying 90 per
c*nt to reinsure their chances, : but the
gamblers will not touch one of the fleet.
On the Ardnamurchan, seventy-one days
out from Frazer River for Liverpool 70
per cent is being paid, and on the" Ilala,
ninety-two days out from Montevideo for
British Columbia. 45 per cent. . The
schooner Vine, which was almost given
up as lost, has arrived at Mollendo, Peru,
after a very long run of 125 days from
Port Bragg. - ~ -* - • .
"Captain Jansen of. the schooner William
Renton was out in the -gale that Is sup
posed to have made trouble for the over
due fleet. He says that off Flattery, there
was never two hours at a time the wind
could be depended upon. Off the Colum
bia River it was still' worse, and while
on one tack with a - strong southeaster
blowing, in five minutes | it would have
changed to northwest; and the schooner
would be thrown on her beam ends.
Then It would blow a gale - from the
southwest and so worlfc. its • way around
all the points of the compass. ¦ ¦
Water Front Notes.
A fleet of coasters made port yesterday
and six more of them ' were outside at
sundown. All of the lumber vessels are
now making good runs down the coast.
The ship Edmund left San Diego to-day
In . tow of the tug L»uckenback. She
should reach, here about Friday evening
or Saturday. morning. •
The new ferry steamship for the Sausa
llto run is expected to he ready to go into
commission about June 1. She is almost
a duplicate of-,the Santa Fe steamshlu
San Pablo. •
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Andrew Welch, will load merchandise
for Honolulu ; the A. J. Fuller, lumber on
Puget Scund for Sydney, 52s 6d, option of Mel
bourne or -Adelaide 60si, Cape Town 75s," or
Dela*oa Bay 77s «d, prior to arrival: the Brit
ish steamer Buckingham, supplies at Portland
for Manila for United States Government; the
Wawona, lumber "at Grays Harbor for Hon-
Shipments of Wheat.
The British ' ship Cawdor' cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 77,722 ctls
wheat valued at : $79,600 and < 25,000 . ft lumber
as dunnage , valued . at $375.".' :-; -
The Italian ship . Cavallere Clampa cleared
yesterday tor Queenitown for orders with
07,270 ctls wheat valued at $57,270 and 19,000
ft lumber dunnage valued at $2So." '
Merchandise for Victoria.
The steamer State of California sailed Sun
day for Victoria : with the .following cargo
valued at J94C3: . 4000 Its beans. 7000 rbs coffee.
3 coils cordage, 3' cs canned goods, ' 6 cs dry
goods,' S5 • pkes . 13,094 It>s ; dried fruit. 190 cs
efrtfs, 10 bbls flour. 67 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 13 cyls gas, 06" C3. hardware. 43 bars
Iron, : 90 bxs lemons, 110 cs ¦ paste, 115 crs . po
tatoes. -200 tins- matches, 1240 It>s nuts, 24.760
lbs- malt," 170 bxs - oranges. 7 bbls .lubricating
oil, 50 bxs raisins, 5 bdls spices, 800 lbs sugar,
264 lbs tobacco, 51 pigs tin, 3 cs 24$ gals wine,
112 era vegetables^',. ¦;_.-' * ; ' .'
A3TXaditional Manifest.
: In addition ¦ to cargo previously reported the
City of Sydney," • which sailed Friday for Pan
ama : and - way . ports." carried ' the ¦' following
merchandise for • Central America . valued •• at
J7S4: 50 cs coal oil, , 14 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 50 crs ' potatoes, p 10 cs table oil, 30
balea hay, 2300 tt>s rolled oats, 10 bbls flour.
Shipping Intelligence.
; AIIRIVED. ..;.,.. ..
Monday, February 11.
Stmr Santa Barbara, . Zaddart," 37 hours from
San Pedro. .--. . . -.. , - ;.-•>.
Stmr • Whltesboro; Olsen, IS houro from
Greenwood. l ; 1 >.• . n. - v -
Stmr- Navarro, -Hansen, 12 hours freni
Bowens - Landing. dW8r^^I^ w ¥*Wsll'''g)WatlM<
Stmr City. of Para, Zeeder, 22 days 14 hours
from Panama, etc. ¦..>-.-.-¦¦ : ¦ : - .. ,.
Stmr. Noyo, . Johnson, 14 hours from' Fort
Bragg. - •' ¦ -¦'!••• /-:¦-¦.. .-.-.-¦ ¦.¦¦• v '-
'- Stmr. Walla Walla, Hall. 60 hours i from Vic
toria : and Puget-: Sound* ports. - . . , • .¦*
:Br'stmr Condor. -Anderson, 3 days. from As
toria: • put : In to finish ! loading. .:.„, . :. • ,.,
."•¦' Barge .v Santa . Paula, , : .\ McGovern, days
from, Ventura,"- In tow, of tug Rescue. ' •
Schr = Mary C, ,' Campbell, 9 hours from Bo
deta.. ' . -.'-¦• ¦¦¦..- -' ¦ ¦ " .¦ . . •
- :Stmr Coronado, Johnson, 34 hours from Ven
tura. ' - : '- ' " ' . ¦ -' •" • -' ' ''¦*' " '-¦'¦-
Schr Falcon, , 11 days from -Port Gamble.
CLEARED. ...;... ,
' ./ ', /Monday, February,' 11/:
• -' Stmr Australia.' Lawless.-'j.Tahltir'J D Spreck
els' & :. Bros i Co. . .: - -¦ » ; - . .
¦••¦ Stmr - Columbia, * Doran, Astoria:? Oregon -R
R & Nav ; Co." >,v - • . - '•¦ - ' : •¦¦'/• •¦;"• ~:
' Stmr ¦ Coos Bay, ~ Nlcol«on, San " Pedro; Good
all.t Perkins : &Co.i*. •*:-.• .. s . .- . r: ; .
'¦ Ital ship Cavallere Clampa, Maresea, Queens
town; L 1 " Kaufman. . . •: . - .
Br ;shiD' Cawdor.^Burch, Queenstown; <Kp
plnger:& Co. , .
- Bark^ Olymnlc. Glbbs.* Honolulu; Williams,
Dimond'.&'Co.".:.--.,:. ¦'¦>' • -¦-». ?<u&nui
Fr bark Vendee, 1« Hegrarat, Queenstown:
Balfour, ; Guthrie & Co. . t
SAILED. x . -
'.¦¦.:. 'Monday, . February 'II,'-:
¦¦ Stmr Geo : Loomis, > Bridgett, ' Ventura.
: Stmr Australia,"- Lawless, : Tahiti.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 1L-No trace has yet been
found of Ralph Beckwith, the feeble-minded
boy who m-andered away from his home near
Los Gat os last Thursday. A couple of hun
dred persons with Sheriff Landlord and others
are out to-day looking for him.
Samuel Ostroskl's $150,000 estate, lo
cated in this city and in Chlco, must
wend Its way through a contest In the
Probate Court before the Jieirs may enjoy
their allotted portions. Ostroski died July
31, 1S97. A will, i£* which he bequeathed
the bulk of his property to his -»wldow,
Amelia Ostroski .' was filed . and In Feb
ruary last was admitted to probate.
Yesterday afternoon Louis J. Ostroski,
Ricka Breslauer. Yettel Sllberstein. Rosa
Cohen and Sarah Wise, nephew and
nieces of the deceased, through their at
torney. Samuel M. Shortrldge. filed a con
test asking that the order admitting the
will to probate be vacated and set aside.
The contestants allege that the deceased
was of unsound mind at the time of the
execution of the will, was unduly influ
enced and that the testament was improp
erly executed. It Is claimed that in 1592 the
deceased suffered a stroke of apoplexy,
which ultimately resulted In his death,
and while still conscious his widow and
other beneficiaries unduly Influenced him
to disinherit the contestants. It Is al?o
averred that the nephew and nieces weru
denied admittance ' to their uncle's sick
room and his mind was poisoned against
them.
Unduly Influenced by His
Widow.
OSTROSKrS HEIRS
CONTEST HIS WILL
Allege He Was of Unsound Mind and
It is the mission of The Can to benefit its
readers at every opportunity and therefore
we advise all who have any symptoms of ktd
ney or bladder trouble to write to-day to Dr.
Kilmer & Co., Blnghamton. N. Y., for a free
sample bottle of Swamp-Root, the celebrated
specific which is having such a {Treat demand
and remarkable success in the cure of the most
distressing' kidney and bladder troubles. With,
the sample bottle of Swamp-Root will also be
8<:nt free a pamphlet and treatise of valuable
information.
¦To-day we see a relative, a friend or an ac
quaintance apparently well, and in a few days
we may be grieved to learn of their serious
illness or sudden death, caused by that fatal
type of kidney trouble— Bright 1 s disease.
While scientists are puzzling their- brains to
find cut the cause, each individual can. by a
little precaution, avoid the chances of con
tracting: dreaded and dangerous kidney trouble
or eradicate it completely from their system
if already afflicted. Many precious lives might
hare been, and many more can yet be saved,
by paying attention to the kidneys.
Kidney trouble often becomes advanced Into
acute stages before the afflicted is aware of
its presence: that Is why we read of so many
Eudden deaths of prominent business ana pro
fessional men. physicians and others. They
have neglected to stop the leak in time.
At no time in the history of disease has
there been such an alarming increase In. tho
number of cases of any particular malady aa
In that of kidney and bladder troubles cow
preying upon the people of this country.
Vital Statistics Show aa Alarming
Increase in an Already Prevailing
Disease— Are Any Exempt?
IS IT AN EPIDEMIC?
The Santa Fe on and after to-day until
April 30 will keep hot on the trail of th»
Southern Pacific in competing for tho
immigration travel to California. "Only
$30 for a ticket from Chicago to San Fran
cisco" is one of the frontispieces of tho
many books that are being distributed in
all the Eastern States. A prominent offi
cial of the road stated yesterday that
they expected to handle an enormous
amount of the so-called immigration traf
rtce this year.
It is the Intention of the Santa Fe Rail
road to strengthen its position and to
handle a larger proportion of the trans
continental traffic via Galveston and th»
part sea route to New York. Newa ar
rived in the city yesterday that an engi
neering corps in the employ pf the Gulf,
Colorado and Santa Fe Railway had com
menced running lines westward from San
AngelO, the present western terminus of
the Lampasas branch of that railroad.
The objective point of the survey Is Pecoa
City, about 13a miles west of San Angelo.
It is the purpose of the company to ex
tend the Lampasas branch to Pecos City.
where connection trill be made with the-
Pecos and North and Northeastern Rail
road, which was purchased by the Santa
Fe system some time ago. From Pecos
City the Pecos Valley Railroad gives a
straight shoot to Roswell, ;N. Mex., run
ning northeasterly from Roswell and con
necting with the Southern Kansas di
vision of the Atchlaon, Topeka and Santa
Fe at Amarlllo. Tex. It is also the pur
pose of the Santa Fe to build a, line from
Roswell to some direct point on the Santa
Fe. This will result In a reduction tn the
distance of 300 miles between Galveston
and the Pacific Coast.
ern States ' and Europe via the Panama
Rallrcad. A short time since the Panama
road formed a combine with several Cen
tral American lines. This combine waa
considered a menace to the Southern Pa
cific, and as the latter company controls
the Pacific Mall Steamship Company or
ders were Issued that all freight carried
by the mail company's vessels should bo
brought to this port and shipped to tho
East and Europe, using San Francisco aa
the gateway.
Freight Traffic Manager ¦William
Bproule said yesterday that all arrange
ments had been made to handle the
freight from South American ports.
Freight that was consigned to New York
would go via Ogden, and that all Euro
pean shipments would go via the Sunset
roulef
With the arrival of the steamship Para
yesterday from South American ports an
entirely new branch of freight business
has teen established for the Southern Pa
cific Railroad. The steamer has on board
£00 tons at freight, which would have gone
in the usual course of routine to the East-
Santa Fe Also Bids for Immigrants
From Eastern States Who WUX
Come to Settle in Call- .
f ornia.
SOUTH AMERICAN
FREIGHT ARRIVES
San Francisco Is Gateway
Instead of Panama for
; European Goods.
RAISING OF STEAMSHIP SOUTH PORTLAND, SCUTTLED TO SAVE HER
FROM TOTAL DESTRUCTION. THE COFFERDAM THAT WAS PUT
OVER THE HOLD DID NOT FIT AND HAD TO BE REMODELED.
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of ref erenc*
is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Greenwood, Faserlund. .
Btmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart. - — ~.
Stmr Coronado. Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Sequoia, Hinkel, Fort Bragg.
Bark St Katherlne, , Saunders. Ht:o. : :i Vr
Schr Jennie Thelin. Jensen. Grays Harbor.
8chr Orient. Grays Harbor.
Schr Kthel Zane. Holmstrom, Port Gamble.
Schr Ralph J Long, Isiekit, Mendoclno.
SPOKEN.
Per ttmr City of Para— Feb 5, echr G W
Wateon, oft Cape San Lucas, steering- to west
ward, from Santa Rosalia, for Port Town
send. -
Feb 7, 7:40 p m— Passed tug It Luckenback.
with Ger ship Edmund in tow, to eastward of
Cerous Island. '
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Feb 11. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS. '
PORT ELAKELEY-Arrived Feb 11-Ship A
J 'Fuller. ' from Kahulul. -
PORT HADLOCK— ArriTed Feb 11— Schr W
F Wltzemann. from Port Townsend.
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived Feb 11— Ship
Iroquols, from Honolulu, for Seattle. ' ¦
Passed Feb 11— Stmr Dolphin, from Alaska,
for Seattle.
Arrived- Feb 11— Dutch stmr Wllhelmlna,
from Manila: stmr Senator, from Alaska; schr
Alice, • from San Pedro. -
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrved Feb 10 — Stmr
Grace Dollar, hence Feb 6; schr Volant, from
San Pedro.
HILO-Arrved Jan 26— Ship Falls of Clyde,
hence Jan 11. ....
Sailed Jan 30 — Schr Maria E Smith, for Port
HOMJLULU-Arrived Feb 2-Bktn Chas F
Crocker, from Sydney.
Sailed " Feb \ 2— Ship. Florence, ; for '. Puget
Sound: Nor bark Prince Albert, ¦ for Puget
found. .¦- - : '
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 10— Stmr San Pedrc,
hence Feb 9. ' ' -
SEATTLE-Arrived Feb 11-Stmr Robert
Dollar, hence Feb 6. ¦ -f&eSjBjim
_ Sailed Feb 11— Stmr Bertha, for Valdez.
Arrived Feb 11 — Stmr Dolphin, from Alaska;
stmr Senator,: from Dyea: stmr 'Wllhelmlna,
from Manila; stmr Czarina, henc« Feb 7.
iV PORT LOS ANGELES-Salled Feb U— Stmr
IMcatraz. for . ¦ - ¦
\ NEAH BAY— Passed In Feb 11— Bark Lev! G
BurRessT hence Jan 23, for Tacoma ; bktn Rob
ert Sudden, from Honolulu, foi-'Pueet Sound;
ship AV H Macy, from Honolulu.
Passed out Feb 11— Stmr Matteawan, for San
Francisco; stmr San Mateo, for Port Los An
geles. ' ' '
POINT REYES— Passed Feb 11— Br stmr
Milton, from Nanaimo. for San Diego.
FOREIGN PORT3.
. OYSTER HARCOR— Arrived Feb 10— Ship
John Currier, from Honolulu. .
ACAFULCO— Sailed Feb 7— Stmr Acapulco,
for Panama.
MOLLEXDO- Arrived Feb 10— Schr Vine,
from 'Port Bragg. ' - •','>
In. port Dec 21— Dec 21— Br bark Harold, for
Tacoma. ' ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ."' '-•''¦¦-• - •
NANAIMO— Arrived Feb »— Stmr San Mateo,
from Port Los Angeles, and sailed Feb 10. for
Port Lob Angeles. .
NEWCASTLE, Aus-In port Jan. 6— Br ship
Fythomer.e, for . San Diego.
Sailed Jan 15— Bark Sonoma, for Honolulu.
Dee 27— Schr Olga. for Honolulu. -
LIVERPOOL— In port Jan lO^Br ship Had
don Hall, for San Francisco.
LONDON— Jn port Jan 31 — Br ship Largo
Lkv, for Vancouver. - -
LEITH— In port . Jan 17— Br ship Thalatta,
for - San Francisco. '
. CARRIZAL — In port Dec 19 — Br bark County
of Pembroke, for Astoria. -.< -
. VAPARAISO— In port Nov 2S— Br bark Glen-
Ogle, for Astoria. -¦•¦'¦"¦ . - :
Arrived Dec IS— Bark Carondelet, from Port
Ludlow. ¦ -
IQUIQUE— Sailed Jan 21— Br bark Ruthwell.
for = Astoria: ' Jan 29— Fr - bark Cap Horn, ¦ for
San Francisco. -
ANCUD— Arrived Jan 22— Ger stmr Pentaur,
from Hambursr. for San ' Francisco. —
CALLAO— Sailed Jan 24— G«r bark Anna, for
Port Townsend. - ¦ • • "
FALMOUJH— Sailed Feb 9— Br ship Budora,
•°SUEzi-^rrived Feb 10— Br ' Btmr , Glenlochy,-
r TOCOPILLA— Arrived Feb 7— Br bark Low
Wod. from New Whatcom." - - •- _
• YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior, to Feb 8— Stmr
Tacoma. from Tacoma. •¦- .¦- ¦- ,"-.**
¦ VICTORIA— Passed , up Feb 11— Br bark An
tiope, - from Kahulul, for Laflysmlth.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed Feb 11— Sttnr "Werra,
from Genoa and Naples, ' for New York. •
Arrives Feb 11— Stmr Auguste Victoria," from
New York, for Algiers. Genoa, etc.
r ... QUEENSTOWN- Arrived : Feb 11— Stmr Iver
nia, from Boston, for Liverpool.
¦CHERBOURG — Sailed ; Feb ¦¦ 11— Stmr Vader
land," from Southampton, for New York. •
GENOA— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr.Hohenzollern,
from New -York,, via Naples. - . ¦ ..-" \.
- LA' Gt? A YARA— Arrived Feb 11— Stmr Prin
sessln •¦ victoria . Luis, • from : New York, via
Portau Prince.; etc. . :
Sun, Moon and ¦ Tide.
United i States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
f Tlmeo * andjj. Heights of High 'and Ix>i»
j Waters i at OFort •> Point, entrance to '; San
t Francisco Bay. •Published by official au
f thority of th« Superintendent.,"; " ¦
' NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street, wharf). about twenty
five minutes later '¦¦ than : at Fort v> Point; - th»
height of tide is the same at both ¦ places.
"My management of .Mrs. Nation ends
here. I return to Topeka to-night and
four of the six women go with me. The
women will return to their homes; dnd
Mrs. Nation, I understand, will proceed
to Chicago." .
Mrs. Nation says: "I am in the hands
of the Lord,; ana will leave for Chicago
to-morrow morning. I will do no smash
ing In Iowa or any other State until all
the hell holes in my own State are wiped
out of existence. Then I will organize a
band of women who will smash ail the
saloons in the world. The United States
first. Europe next."
FINDLAY. Ohio. Feb. U.-The methods
of Mrs. Carrie Nation were adopted here
¦last night by three women and one man
¦with success. A large number of penny
in-the-slot machines had been distributed
In the city by a confectionery firm. The
machines were hung on telephone poles hi
front of every schoolhouse in the city and
aroused the bitterest condemnation of the
parents of school children. At a late hour
last night three women, accompanied by
a man, armed with hatchets utterly de
molished the machines In front of every
schoolhouse in the city. Public sentiment
appears to be with them, and some of the
more ardent Woman's Christian Temper
ance Union women of the city are now"
crying to have the saloons, which are run
notoriously open here, treated In the same
manner. . . • .
TOPEKA, Ka'n., Feb. ll.-As a result of
the meeting of pltizens ofTopeka yester
day afternoon all, the; joints,. of the city
are closed to-day. ; The citizens made th?
peremptory order that , the . saloons be
closed by noon to-day, and .as .far as 15
known the order was regarded. Early this
morning Chief of Police Stahl. with some
of his officers; made the rounds of the
joints and notified the keepers as I far as
they could be found that they, would De
expected to close. They were in'each case
presented with a printed copy of ¦ the citi
zens' ultimatum and commanded in -the in
terest of law and order to close-at:once.
Chief Stahl told the jolntists; that; there
waa an army of a thousand men, Waitinar
to march on a notice, « to- close
the joints of the city,, and that they ; were
of a. class that would not be freightened
out -of -performing their, duty, as they in
terpreted -it. -. Notices were slipped und»r
the doors of the closed places. -
In only one. place did the officers find
any liquor sold, and this place agreed to
close at'once. " ' . , :¦ ¦
To-night Topeka is practically a dry
town.so far as the lolnts are concerned.'
Some of the drugstores are said to be do
ing a thriving business,; but the condition
is much different from a; week. or even a
day ago. when there were about eight v
joints running openly, all of -which Were
equipped with the finest of fixtures. Tile
citizens' commute has made all the neces
sary arrangements for the enforcement
of its orders regarding the Joints, and will
Insist that the order be carried out to the
letter, and that every drinking place t*y
closed and the stock and fixtures removed
from the cityiby next i*riday noon.
The condition of public sentiment in
Topeka to-night is something remarkable.
There has never been anything here ap
proaching It. The vigilance committee is
ready to move on very short notice.
HOLTON, Kan., Feb. ll.-The crusade
against the jointists which was com
menced here Sunday was vigorously
continued to-day. At a mass-meeting
held in the Methodist church a commit
tee was appointed to Investigate the report
that the place owned by Mrs. Hlcks.which
was raided Saturday, was open again.
The committee discovered that the' report
was true, and as a result the temperance
workers again raided the place and com
pelled Mrs. Hicks and her son to slyn a
contract, drawn in a legal form, to the.
efitect that they would never again sell
liquor during their natural lives, arid
the eon agreed to leave Holton and remain
away for a period of ten years. Later in
the day another mass-meeting was held
to consider a proposition to destroy all the
liquor that had been seized by the Sheriff
and stored at the courthouse. A motlpn
that this be done was defeated, but after
the meeting adjourned most of those In
attendance went to tfte • courthouse and
demanded the llauor. The deputy in
charge made a tame effort to protect the
property, but to no avail. The raiders
turned the llauor Into the gutter, and,
taking the bar fixtures outside, burned
them in the street, making the work of
destruction complete.
To-night the Sheriff, accompanied by a
posse, raided a Joint owned by Mrs. Haist.
taking • possession ' of all liquors found
there and closing the place up.
MU8CATINE. Iowa, Feb. 11.— Mrs." Na
tion arrived here at noon to-day and was
met at the train by 4000 people. A squad
of police was on hand, as she had re
quested,, to escort her. to her hotel. The
crowd, however, was = peaceable and evi
dently turned out through curiosity," for
lees 'than 600 people attended her meeting
to-night. ¦ ;
After, the meeting closed and the re
ceipts of the evening were counted the
financial manager of Mrs., Nation dis
solved partnership with her, and he, with
four of the six women who. accompanied
her. returned to Kansas to-night. He
said: . ' "¦ . . • »
i — — •- .-¦ '
Mrs. Nation's Manager Parts Com
pany "With HerJ and Sne Says'
• She Is Now in the Hands
of the Lord.
Owners Heed Warning of
Pqpc« and;;Citizans'
Committee.
DOORS OF TOPEKA
JOINTS CLOSED
NEW YORK. Feb. 11.— Mrs. Josephine
Bell Clopton. whose troubles with her
husband, William C. Clopton, a wealthy
lawyer, have been before the divorce
courts of Dakota and this city, Is now be
ing fcued In the Supreme Court to recover
$500,000 damages for alleged slander. The
case came before Judge Fitzgerald to-day
on a motion made in behalf of Mrs. Clop
ton to file a bill of particulars or to make
her complaint more definite. . —
Mrs. Riker, who Is a* couein of Secre
tary of the Navy Long, figured in Mrs:
Clopton's divorce cult, her name j being
broug-ht into the case. She charges ; that
the statements in Mrs. Clopton'B com
plaint in her suit -for divorce were mali
cious slanders so far as she, Mrs. Rlksr,
is concerned, and she also alleges that on
November 2S last her character was at
tacked by Mrs. Clopton in the presence
of several persons. She claims $260,000
damages for each cause of action for
charges made in Mrs. Clopton's complaint
and for the statements made last No
vember. Mrs. Clopton desires to know
whether one of Mrs. Rlker's causes of
action Is based solely on the charges
made in her Complaint, because if so it is
privileged and cannot be the basis of a
course of acticn.
Mr. Clopton sued his wife for divorce
In Dakota and finally obtained a decree.
Her divorce suit here is still pending.
Judge Fitzgerald reserved his decision.
Special Dispatch to Tte Call
Claims Her Name Was Attacked in
Divorce Proceedings and Other
wise and Seeks Heavy
Damages,
Mrs. Hiker Asks- Remune
ration for Alleged
Slander.
SUES MRS, CL0PTON
FOR HALF-MILLION
THE SAN FR AKCISCO GAI/Ei, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1901.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 12.
Sun rises .'.;......':.. I ...... i.\ .... : ;. . ..7:03
gun -Bets -*.'....!?..* •;•¦ ..................5:45
Moon rises ...............1:31 a. m.
I NOTE— In ' than above • exposition of the tides
the early mornfng tides • are - given In the I left
hand ¦ column '¦ and i the > successive tides of \ the
day in: the '¦ order ' of > occurrence as to time • of
day," the third time column gives the laet tide
of x the ¦ day. except when ' there : are but : three
tides,' as sometimes " occurs. ThB heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States j Coast • Burvey > charts, , except , •• when ». a
minus sign (— ) precedes the height, and then
TO SAIL.
Time Ball.
7
a . < -. ¦
12 ...
4 4k
It ...
Tlmel -..;
1 Ft: I
H Wh
;;t:U 8.2
6:09 6.2
L'.W ;^*f
0:54 S.O
t:0* 2.9
:2:52 2.7
•3:40 '1.2
C4:2S - l.f
Time
12:S5
1:28
H-W
7:03
8:00
8:55
¦9:47
10:39
,"•
0.8
0.S
.5:4
. "5.9
Time '
f Ft. j
H W '
'7:40~Ti
8:42 4.1
L :W v
2:18 0.0
8:01 -0,2
'3:43—0.4
4:26—0.5
Time) ?-¦;.;¦
— rd*"*-
v-vn .-¦¦
11:60 «.•'
ii'w "¦""'
9:30 4.4
18:11 4.1
10:47 5.0
11:21 . 5.J
11:69 .5.4
14 ...
15 ...
18 ...
17 ...
18 ..'.
learner.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
February 12. I
Argo .- Coqullle River I
Pomona Humboldi
Columbia..... Astoria & Portland
Centennial... geatda & Tacoma..
Coos Bay Newport
kt C February 13.
Newburg Grays Harbor
Queen .:. San Diego
February 14.
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts
February 15.
Empire Qoos Bay
Eureka....... Humboldt
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Corona........ Newport
February 16.
Point Arena.. Point Arena .......
North Fork... Humboldt
Mandalay.... Cocfullle River
Some City... Eureka r.....
.- .' .February 17.
Ban Pedro. ... Humboldt
0. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland
Santa Rosa... 3an Diego...........
•.-.-¦ February 18.
Arcata. ....... Coo».Bay-,
21ty of Para. Panama ft Way Pts
Alliance...... Portld. & Coos Bay
I
I 4 pm Pier a
2 pm Pier »
11 am Pier U
19 am Pier ]
9 am Pier 11
S pm Pier 2
» am Pier U
2 pm Pier 7
10 am Pier IS
9 am Pier 13
11 am Pier *
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier i
9 ami Pier J
4 pmfPler 2
I 9 am
110 am Pier 3
II am Pier 34
i am Pier 11
4 pm Pier 13
112 mlPMSS
Steamer.
.From.
I Due.
Roanoke Panama '..... Feb. 12
Progreso Tacoma Feb. 12
Victoria Oyster Harbor Feb 12
Leelanaw... Seattle Feb 13
Eureka Humboldt '. Feb. 13
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 13
Corona Newport Feb. 13
Empire Coos Bay Feb. 13
G.AVi, Elder Portland and Astoria.. F«b. 14
Palena Panama 4b Way Ports. Feb. 14
Point Arena — Point Arena Feb. 14
Santa Rosa San Diego Feb 14
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 14
Mattewan Tacoma : Feb 14
Mandalay Coqutlle River Feb. 14
San Pedro Humboldt Feb 14
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 15
TTmJJmL'""""* £. ortland and Coos Bay Feb. 13
Lmatilla. Puget Sound Ports Feb. 18
Bergenhus...... China via Ban I>ie*o... Feb 18
Arcata... Coos Bay Feb 18
Coos Bay....... Newport Feb." 17
Queen..... San Diego .....;... Fetx 17
City Rio Jan... China and Japan Feb 1J
Co °n... Panama & Way Port*.. Feb. 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria... Feb. 19
a . < -. ¦
12 ...
4 4k
It ...
Tlmel -..;
1 Ft: I
H Wh
;;t:U 8.2
6:09 6.2
L'.W ;^*f
0:54 S.O
t:0* 2.9
:2:52 2.7
•3:40 '1.2
C4:2S - l.f
Time
12:S5
1:28
H-W
7:03
8:00
8:55
¦9:47
10:39
,"•
0.8
0.S
.5:4
. "5.9
Time '
f Ft. j
H W '
'7:40~Ti
8:42 4.1
L :W v
2:18 0.0
8:01 -0,2
'3:43—0.4
4:26—0.5
Time) ?-¦;.;¦
— rd*"*-
v-vn .-¦¦
11:60 «.•'
ii'w "¦""'
9:30 4.4
18:11 4.1
10:47 5.0
11:21 . 5.J
11:69 .5.4
14 ...
15 ...
18 ...
17 ...
18 ..'.
learner.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
February 12. I
Argo .- Coqullle River I
Pomona Humboldi
Columbia..... Astoria & Portland
Centennial... geatda & Tacoma..
Coos Bay Newport
kt C February 13.
Newburg Grays Harbor
Queen .:. San Diego
February 14.
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts
February 15.
Empire Qoos Bay
Eureka....... Humboldt
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports
Corona........ Newport
February 16.
Point Arena.. Point Arena .......
North Fork... Humboldt
Mandalay.... Cocfullle River
Some City... Eureka r.....
.- .' .February 17.
Ban Pedro. ... Humboldt
0. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland
Santa Rosa... 3an Diego...........
•.-.-¦ February 18.
Arcata. ....... Coo».Bay-,
21ty of Para. Panama ft Way Pts
Alliance...... Portld. & Coos Bay
I
I 4 pm Pier a
2 pm Pier »
11 am Pier U
19 am Pier ]
9 am Pier 11
S pm Pier 2
» am Pier U
2 pm Pier 7
10 am Pier IS
9 am Pier 13
11 am Pier *
9 am Pier 11
2 pm Pier i
9 ami Pier J
4 pmfPler 2
I 9 am
110 am Pier 3
II am Pier 34
i am Pier 11
4 pm Pier 13
112 mlPMSS
Steamer.
.From.
I Due.
Roanoke Panama '..... Feb. 12
Progreso Tacoma Feb. 12
Victoria Oyster Harbor Feb 12
Leelanaw... Seattle Feb 13
Eureka Humboldt '. Feb. 13
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 13
Corona Newport Feb. 13
Empire Coos Bay Feb. 13
G.AVi, Elder Portland and Astoria.. F«b. 14
Palena Panama 4b Way Ports. Feb. 14
Point Arena — Point Arena Feb. 14
Santa Rosa San Diego Feb 14
Crescent City.. Crescent City Feb. 14
Mattewan Tacoma : Feb 14
Mandalay Coqutlle River Feb. 14
San Pedro Humboldt Feb 14
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 15
TTmJJmL'""""* £. ortland and Coos Bay Feb. 13
Lmatilla. Puget Sound Ports Feb. 18
Bergenhus...... China via Ban I>ie*o... Feb 18
Arcata... Coos Bay Feb 18
Coos Bay....... Newport Feb." 17
Queen..... San Diego .....;... Fetx 17
City Rio Jan... China and Japan Feb 1J
Co °n... Panama & Way Port*.. Feb. 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria... Feb. 19
PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
. . of -railroads.
Office, 20 Montgomery street. *
Pyrography outfits, cameras, albums
and books on photography In Artists'
Material Department. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 MarJwt st. • •.
TO ESCAPE THE GRIP
I build tip your strength by easily digested I
and stimulative diet. Don't «Kow your- I
6elf to become cold or exhausted but take I
a cap of hot beef tea with Dealt or be- I
tween meals, made from the well-known 1
COMPANY'S EXTRACT . I
OF BEEF. I
DAI HOC These hotels pos-
i i ALAlit sess the att " bute »
, that tourists and
Onfj travelers appreciate
UlIU — central location,
PDA Kin liberal manage-
UllMilU ment, modern ap-
IJrtTPI A pointments and
San FranCiSCO. ropean plans.
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, on line ot railroad, for
eale. Splendid chance for those about to
form an dl . company. NEWTON. CAR-
MEN" & BOMBS (3. C. MASON. a*ent).
101 Chronicle bide. San Francisco.
AETTJSEIilENTS.
Alf. EMnghouse Prop, and Manager
PHONE. SOUTH 770.
NO PERFORMANCE TO-"NIGHT.
POPULAR CONCERTS.
To-morrow Afternoon and Evenlnjr. Feb. 13;
Thursday. Mat»n«e and Night, Feb. 14; Friday,
Matinee and NIpht. Feb. 15; Saturday, Mat-
inee and Nleht. Feb. 18.
SOUS A jgV
AXD HIS BAND S^f
BLANCHE DUFFIELD. .Soprano *£i$^gL'
BERTHA BUCKLIJJ... -Violinist* **"*»*»'
THE SEW SOUSA MARCH— "HAIL. TO THE
SPIRIT OF LIBERTY."
PRICES-SOc. 75c. ¦ 11.00. $1.50.
Next Bandar Afternoon, Feb. 17— "Uncle Josh
Spruceby." Usual Albambra Popular Prices.*
Phone South 633 —
TO-NIGHT and Every Evening This _Week.
MATINEE SATURBAT AND SUNDAY.
Grand Production, Wm.\ A. Brady's Famous
Success,
AFTER DARK.
By tVilkie Collins and IMon Rouclcault.
oprp The London dock scene with real
¦O «-»!-» water, boat*, etc., the tunnel scene
with . the "Flying Scotchman" and the music
hall scene. Introducing specialties, boxing
matches, etc. A GREAT PRODUCTION.
nnifL-C Evenlne* 10c. 15c, tie. Sic, 50c
I aiWLJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Kext . Week— "CHIMMIE FADDEN." *¦;
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFOnAN PARK.
Continuous Racing, BeBlnning: Monday, Feb-
ruary 11, mi.
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAT.
Six Stake Event*, Three Hurdle Races and
Six Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE OP THE DAT AT 2:10 P. M.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets for
Tanloran Park at 7, .10:40, 11:30 a. m., 1, 1:30
and 2 o. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park for
San Francisco at 4:13 p. m., followed after the
lat.t race at intervals of a few minutes by sev-
eral specials. Seats tn rear cars reserved for
ladles and their escort*. Admission to course,
Including railroad j fare, SI 15. '
MILTON 8. LATHAM., Secretary.
EDWARD POWERS. Racine Secretary.,
THE HENSCHELS; i
METROPOLITAN \ HALL. ' '
LA6T TWO! RECITALB.
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON AT i3i!5.
LAST RECITAL
THURSDAY EVENING AT 8«I3.
PRICES— 75e. II, »l 60, J2. " Seats on - sale at
Eberman. Clay & Co.. Sutter and Kearny.
SBEEMAN, CLAY SCO'S HALL
TO-DAY AT 3:1!5,
' First Recital of
GO1>OWSK¥
THB GREAT_ PIANIST.
Reserved Seats— 12. (1 £0 and $L On sale at
Sherman, Clay ft Co.'e. ,
ly O t
ADVEBTISEMENTS. .
SIGK HEADACHE
\ £?O8&v6l7 cttr©d try t!««O
Xdttlc Pills.
' They also rriiere Duress fron Djape?^
tadigestfca sad Too Hearty Eating. Apcc
feet n=ra*d7 far VixxSoess, Nausea, Drowafc
nsss, BadTasatn the Uoeth, Coaled Tongue
PalafnCie Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bcwds. Purely Vegetable. (
SmaU Pin, 8maa Dose.
\Smft!! Priced
'J A2HJSEMENT8.
ORAND' OPEF5A HOUSE
CURTAIN RISES ait 8 O'CLOCK SHARP.
GOTTLOB. MARX & CO. and WALTER
MOROSCO Announce the Farewell
Arpearance in This City or »
MME. SARAH BERl^HARDT
AND
M. COQUELIN,
Under th. EMrectlon of
E\TERT EVENING THIS WEEK
Wednesday and Saturday Matinees,
Rostand's Dramatic roeza,
»'L'AIGLON."
SUNDAY EVENING.
"PHEDRE" and
"LBS PRECIEUSES RIDICULES"
MME. SARAH PERXHARPT and M. CO-
QUELIN Will Arr^ar at Everj'
Performance.
Prices— Jl EC. t2. t3 and $4. Boxof— J30. S24.
St2. General Admission, fr; G*!!er>-. Jl- Branch
Ticket Office, Emporium.
Repertoire for Second We*k Announced To-
morrow. Seats en Sa!» Jhurfday.
LAST tTEEK
MRS. FISKE
TO-.MGHT. TO-MOHROW (WEDNESDAY)
XIGHT. L.A6T TIMES.
TESS of the D'URBERVILLES.
TKt'RPDAY. FRIDAY AXD SATURDAY
NIGHTS. ALSO SATURDAY MATTN'fcE.
"BE.CKY SHARP."
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Sunday Afternoon — The Big Scenic Sen-
•atlon. •THE WAIFTS OK<NEW YORK."
ReeuTT^ticn cf Our Usual Popular Prices.
CALIFORNIA THEATER-Special.
PRELIMINARY ANNOUNCEMENT
Engagement In San Francisco of the World's
Distinguished Violinist.
Leonora Jackson,
in two recitAs only.
AFTERNOONS of Feb. IS aad 20.
. Aeeleted by
MISS J03EFHIHE ELBilRNA, Soprano,
—And—
MR. SELDOH PRATT, Acccmpanist.
FRICES-Jl CO. U and 50c.
Bale of seats begins Thursday xncrcln; at the
bcx office of the California Theater.
SECOND 'WEEK— BIG HIT!
EVENINGS AT S. MATINEE EAT. AT i.
THE PASTORAL HIT!
NELL
GWYNNE!
TUESDAY. Feb. 1*-"EAGLES' NIGHT."
Monday. F"b. 1«— WIZARD OF THE NILE.
With "HOOT MOV WHEELAX.
POPULAR PRJCES 25 and 50 cents
Telephone— Bush 9.
A Bill 6narantEeiflo~Ple2S8 Eieryiody.
TJDALENE COTTON AND NICK LONG
DOROTHY STUDEBAKER. GEORGE'
A.VSTHS MOORE, MURRAY AND LANE
KATIIRTN OSTERMAN. LIZZIE AND
VfNIE DALY. EMPIRE CITY QUARTET. \
CHEAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH. "
LAST WEEK OK
THE NINE NELSONS.
Rpoerved Seats. VZci BaJcoay, 19c; Opera
Chalrf and Box F»ata, 50c
MaUn<-e» T.'edncsday, Saturday and Sunday.
TO-NIGHT AND ENTIRE WEEK.
' A AUGUSTIN V
NIGHT DALrs
l" luni BKIGHTEST
Qppj COMEDY.
MATC.'EES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next "Week— "WHAT HAPPENED TO
RACING! RACING! RACING!
: *»»— WINTER MEETING— ISM.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
FER 11 TO FEB. 23, INCLUSIVE. V
OAKLAND • HACETIIACK.
Hacinr Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday, Tburs-
<¦«»¦ Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five cr more races each day. .
Kaces Mart at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
, Ferry-boats lea%-e San Francisco at 12 m. and
1T-»O, 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connectinc
with trains Etoppinx at the entrance to the
track." La?t two cars on. train reserved lor
ladies end their efcorts; no cmoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mom;d. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
• ;< • trie cars at Beventb and Brpadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mol« con-
r«?ct with Ban Pabla avenue cars at Fourteenth
eCd Broadway. Oakland. These electric car*
go direct^!© the track in fifteen minutes.
Returr.fnK— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 l>. jn. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
n. V. MILBOY. Secretary- . „.. ...¦
/rr^rHFR'^ concert house.
l*K MOST JUVENILE CO. and Falir Ballet,
Fred and Mn. Georgle Cooper. AH Zada. Sifs
Carl. John Wbalen, Lillian Levey and * th*
ilarcoe.
Reserved Seats. Sc Matinee Sunday. !
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
1 Fl GPRUNpj
I Looks like coffee. Tastes fj% --, j
I like coffee. But-there is </ BEST \I
I not a grain of coffee in it. I d^fJlT 1 A I U
Consists entirely of sc- \ Vi^ _ pr _ fl
lected figs, prunes and VtOPFEE
grains— scientifically blend- »^W_
I Hotor cold,Figprune is never insipid— holds
I its flavor to the bottom of
\]f. iJT'/o \ VFree sarop^ 3 at your
If ««^«.ia 1 grocers." Ask for one.
H j*- £ o/ fl Boil from 5 w to JO minutes only.
|\ nrO/o / ALL GROCERS SELL
l^^rednsy^ Figprune Cereal.
Temper, Leisure and
En erg y by_ t h e
-- housekeeper who
D o g 1 o o t e d to use
GOLD DUST
Wa.s King Powder
ADVERTISEMENTS.Chicago - Livestock Market^
CHICAGO. : Feb. ll.^-CATTLE— Receipts. , 20.-
C00, including 1200 Texans.' Good to choice steers
Wheat— ¦/¦¦ Feb. Apr.-May.
Opening .?......:. 19. 20 , .2040 -.¦•¦.
Closing 19 35 ; 20 CO .-
Flour — " ¦ ;~ - ¦. ; . ;.vw"f»j
Opening >l 65" , 2« 15
Closing .•......................;. 24 80: 26 35
THE STOCK MKT, '.• ' 6
."Wheat— March. May.
Opening 6 11% D 11%
Closing-. ..' 6 U«* 5 11%
PARIS." '
LIVERPOOL.
- On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was active; creameries, 14@2lc; dairies
ll%(318c. Cheese, dull, 10i>4@ll%o. Eggs,-dull'
fresh, ISc.
Articles— • Kecelpts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ". 36,000 ,, 30,000
"Wheat, bushels '.¦*... 63,000 ; 67,000
Corn, bushels ........;....... ..S56.OOO '' " S3, 000
Oats, 'bushels .............. ...878, 000 * 118|000
Rye. bushels ....:...... 2,000 . 2.000
Itarley. bushels ................ 4i,000 ¦ 21.000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull:
Xo. 3 spring wheat. 66072%c; No. 2 red, 74®
75%e; No. 2 corn, C8c; No. 2 yellow, 3Sc; No.
2 oats, 25%«25*ic; No. 2 white. 27%®28»4c: No.
3 white, 26»«®28c: No. 2 rye. 51@61%c: good
feeding barley, 40$M7c:falr to choice malting.
48i5C4c; No. 1 Northwestern. {1 62%; prime tim
othy s^ed, $4 WCh 55; mess pork, per barrel,
113 95014; lard, per 100 pounds.. $7 4f@7 47%;
Fhort ribs sides (loose).* $7®7 20; ' dry', salted
shoulders (boxed). 614@«%c; short ' clear sides
(boxed), t~ 25@7 40%; whisky, . basis of '• high
wines, $127; clover, , contract grade. $11200
11 60/ " . '
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—'
February 72% 73H 72»£ 73
March 73V4 74^ 73H 73%
May 74% 75% 74H 75?i
Corn No. 2—
February - ...: 38
March 3*H 3SH 8SH 38>4
May 39% 33% 39<4 39%
Oats No. 2—
February .... .... • "24U
May 25% . 25?4 23U , 25%
Mess pork, per barrel— v /
February ...... 13 92>A
May 14 07>4 1* 12% 14 07% 14 12%
Lard, per 100 pounds— . '-, v
February .. ....?*. 7 45
March 7 47% 7 47% 7 47% 7 47%
May 7 55 7 67% . 7 62% 7 52%
Short ribs, per. 100 pounds-
February .... ..".... 702%
May ....7 07% 7 10 7 07% 7 10 .
NF.W TORK Feb. 11.— There was a very
notable decline In the volume of dealings on
the Stock Exchange to-day and the most active
Ftocks were those under pressure, with the ex
ception of Union Pacific, which was bought
with persistency on a rising scale. The market
¦was again characterized by the wide movement
In a very large number of unimportant stocks,
which are seldom prominent* In the dealings
and which sometimes do not appear in the rec
ord of transactions for weeks at a time. In
this class some of thpbe recently brought for
ward Into prominence continued active at fur
ther advances, while others met profit taking
and turned back.
Chicago and Eastern Illinois was conspicuous
for a violent ripe of 6~>i. the preferred stock
rising 4 and rallying Evansville and Terre
Haute 2U after a decline of a point. Stocks
it. this class : were only prominent, however,
relatively Fpeaking, by contrast with their us
ual obscurity. The movement In the general
3 1st was extremely confused all day and
the greater part of the day's business In stand
ard railroad stocks was done below Saturday's
level.
London pent lower prices for the interna
tionals to start with and there was some \-ery
heavy selling of Atchison and at one time also
of Union Pacific. A strong rally In the latter
rtork and an advance in Atchison to 67 brought
the market generally to the best of the day.
Union Pacific was lifted 2 points over Sat
urday and the preferred 1*». Pennsylvania
was the only other active trading stock among
the standard railroads that rose as much as
a point over Saturday and In fact no railroad
*t«.ck of importance fell as much as -a point
btlow Saturday at any time, thus Indicating
the general sluggishness of the market. The
specialties <Ild better. Sugar rising at one time
2 points and People's Gas 2%, the latter on
the (toed financial whowing made in the annual
r-port. Pacific Mall rose Z\i and International
Paper 2V Western Union was advanced 1%.
The eteel stocks shared In the sluggishness of
the general market and only the preferred
etocks of any companies sold as much as a
point above Saturday. They were, as a rule
however, firmly held. Speculation, having ac
cepted the reported merger as a fake, now
awaits . an authoritative announcement of
the financial terms of the deal for a. further
Judgment of Its Iwneflts. The speculative- en
thus'.aem over the Advantages of the pro
jweM dt-al has become tempered with the con
viction that the eteel trade would be much
woree off failing the deal, than lt has been.
A- rather dlMjrreeable impression to speculat
ors on the steel deal was created by to-day's
clump In the 6meltlug stocks, offering an ex
nrr.pleof the possibility of obstacles to great
consolidation plans, even when far advanced
toward completion. Smelting .common fell an
extreme C?i points under very heavy offering's
end the preferred 4 points. The rallies were
Ctful and feverish, the common closing with a
set loss of 4V«-
The money market condltlcn Alsrlose.] fey Sat
urdaVs bank euueroent had a depressing In
fluence, which was aggravated by the sub
tieafury's large subtraction from the market
en account of Saturday's Central Pacific pay
jr-ent to start the week with. The hardening
of the London market again turned exchange
In ail the great centers. Including Xew York.
In favor of London. The failure of the Im
perial Bank of Germany to reduce the dis
count rate was obviously due to the fear that
London would draw gold, and the Berlin ad
vices to the Associated ¦ Press reporting that
London exchange there is In demand on Amer
ican account, indicates that gold may go from
New YorlTacatn an the triangular operation.
The bond market continued active, but there
were some Important reactions on profit-tak
ir.«. Total sale». par-- value. $S.7SO.O00. - United
Ftates Ss and new 4s advanced U per cent on
the last ealL ' *
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. .
Share* ..'•-.. CT ?» S m B
Sold. Stock- Bid.
17.609 Atchlson •-•-"- 5;
m.COO Atehison prefd •• *»
6.100 Baltimore & Ohio..... 91t4
....... Canadian Pacific .:............ so ;
700 Canada Southern • ••• "»
. % . ¦ . ',,: !
¦ ¦''• ' •
•Yew York Stock Market.'
Dealers are still * In ! , the . dark • as ; to '. the : vol-
Beans] and I Seeds.
Bran continues In light stock and firm. ¦ Hay
Is also showing more tone," owing to continued
.moderate 'receipts.*'" *."."" '>*'' *
' t BRAN- $15B0®16 50 per. ton. .-•- ¦ .¦ ¦
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 50 per ton. - .
- FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled -Barley, * $lfi®17 •¦ per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25026; jobbing,'
?26 50 ; Cocoan ut < Cake. $17@1S ; Corn • Meal. $25
«5 25 CO ; Cracked ' Corn. ' $25 50326 ; Mixed Feed,
$16©18. •-•¦...¦.¦¦¦¦.¦•- •-•.¦. -¦.-¦-'-.¦. •- ;.• .-¦¦•¦.¦ ¦
HAY — Volunteer. $508; , Wheat, . fllOlJ;
Wheat and Oat, $9012; Oat. $9011 60; clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $S@9 60; .Barley, , $7 B0©9 50
per 'ton; '* ¦ -' : ,.^'v " ¦ .¦'::.'• '. .¦¦ •- ,,•
-r STRAW— S5®47Hc , per , bale. ¦:¦•,
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family. Extras, IS 250
3 50, "usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 75®2 85 per barrel for • family, and
\Z "5@3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', $2 75
©3. . ; . '¦:¦ : ¦.;¦•-¦¦ /¦¦-* ; '¦ •••' :.••— '-:
-~ MILLSTUFFS— Prices ' In ' sacks ' are; as ; fol
lows; usual discount to .the trade: ¦» Graham
Flour, S3 • per 100 lbs; Rye : Flour, - $2 75; 5 Rye
Meal, ¦ $2 60; Rice Flour. $7; ' Corn - Meal, $2 75;
extra cream do $3 50; Oat-Groats,* $4 50: Hom
iny, . $3 5Ofl3 75; - Buckwheat Flour,- $4®4 25;
Ciacked "Wheat. - %3 50; t ' Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, S3 25; Rolled I Oats I (barrels),- 1«©
7 25; in sacks, 1 ! $5 75@7; Pearl .Barley- $5; Split
Peas, $5; Oreen ' Peas, •,' $5 50 per . 100 lbs. ; -;
Flour and- Millstuffs.
White 11 30#l 60; .Surprise, nominal;. Red.
>1 25(81 40 for Feed and $135@1 45 for -Seed;
Gray., nominal; Black, for Feed. $1 17H01 20;
for Seed. *1 2.-.01 30 per ctl.
CORN— Neglected -and nominal.. Yellow.
$1 12%@1 15; "White. $1 15; Eastern, mixed.
$1 12% per ctl. ;..."-; . •' . ,
RYE— The market Is lower and weak, with
free sales at 82%c per ctl. • , , ¦
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 85 per ctU <•.. -. ',;
Informal Session— 9:15: o'clock— No sales.'
Second Session— May— 10,000 ; ctla, 70V4c , De
cember— 2000. ; m%c ' ... ¦ .-•-;'
- Regular Forenoon Session— May — 4000 .r- ctls,
70%c: 10.000, 70\c.: December— 2000, 68 T /»c. .
Afternoon Session— May— 4000 ctls, 70%c.
OATS— The market was. very quiet, as usual
just before collection day. ¦ * : ; .
CALL BOARD S-ALES.
- Regular ' Morning Session— May— 2000 - ctls,
$1 01%; 12.000, 1 OlVi. December— 2000, - $1 05'i;
10,000. $1 05H- '
Afternoon Session— May— 8000 ctls, $100Ti;
20.000. Jl 01. December— 6000. Jl C5H. .
BARLEY— The .market, continues weak and
dull. • - • ' .
Feed. 75c for choice bright, ¦,72'i4©7$"Ke for No.
1 and 70c for off grades: Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77%®S2Hc; Chevalier.' nominal. • .¦ ,
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — May— 4.000 ctls
$1 Ol'fc; 26.000. $101. .December— 2000, Si OoU
4000, $1 OaW - .
Second Session— May — 1000 • ctls,- $101; 2000,
$1 01%; 6000, 11 01%;;
r.AUL, BOARD SALES
The American vtstblo supply decreased 1.273,
000 oushels. The world's shipments were large,
as -follow*: Russian, 243.000 quarters; Danu
blan. 106,000: ArKcntlne. 97,000, and Australian,
33.000. Stocks are slowly accumulating.
The local • market . was unchanged and fea
tureless.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, %Y*c; milling. 9S%c@
tl 02V4 per ctl. . •
. WHEAT — Paris and I New York were some
what higher, while Liverpool stood about the
same.
Chicago opened flnn with an upward ten
dency, but dull. There was • some . local spec
ulation. Armour is credited with holding a
gigantic accumulation of May wheat, and as
the crop scare season Is approachirfg he may
be In a position to cinch the market. Export
ers were reported holding off. but Minneapolis
was bidding along Nebraska -. roads from lc
to 3c more than Chicago. ¦ , ¦ . ¦ . . - •¦..•¦-'¦.
IV heat end . Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days........ — $4 85Vi
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8914
Sterling Cables ' — - 4 90%
New York Exchange, sight. — 17V4
N>w York Exchange, telegraphic — 224
Sliver, per ounce ' — 61*^
Mexican Dollars, nominal 60 0 51
Ex-change and Bullion.
CHICAGO. Feb. ll.-Saturdaj-'s strenuous
and confident bears, relying on calculations of
bearish statistics with which to begin a new
profitable week, were to-day driven to cover.
The statistical reports forecasted Saturday
proved accurate, but instead of finding any
yielding market on which to secure profits,
shorts were confronted by a very stiff market,
with the opening price of the May option un
changed at 74H©74\c. The market had been
fold to a standstill and the rush to cover ap
proached a utampede. which, despite more lib
eral offerings from longs on the rise, carried
May to 75% during the first hour. The chief
factor in overcoming the bcarishness of th«>/
statistics was thq strength early develODed lit
the corn market, although a reported reduction
in the estimate of Argentina's exportable sur
plus, steadiness in the Liverpool market and
the moderation of Northwest receipts, were
contributory aids.
Heavy clearances and a decrease In the vis
ible were influential additions to the day's
bullish considerations, which resulted In a fur
ther advance during the afternoon' to 7">5ic.
This bulge near the end of the session Invited
realizing by loncs, under which a reaction to
"oUc took place, but the close was strong, May
%c hlshcr at 'W^i'b%e. A feature of the day's
trading was the relative weakness of July
wheat, which was persistently dumped on the
market in liberal quantities. .
Corn was active and strong from start I to
finish. Speculative Interest was keen, the vol
ume of business heavy and prices above pre
vious high records for the crop. Small receipts,
unfavorable weather and excellent cash de
mand* formed the basts of the market's
strength. May closed %<3"ftc improved from
Saturday.
There was little business transacted In -'the
oats market. May closed %c higher at 25?<iC.
Provisions were moderately active, while
prices were sustained by the reflected strength
of the grain and hog markets. The cash de
mand was good, but the pit trade was without
special feature. May ¦ pork closed 10c higher,
lard unchanged and ribs Sc up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:/' -/.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
Tf; minimum, 41: mean. 45-
V.r:ATlIER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure "has risen rapidly over the west
ern half of the country except Northwestern
"U'ash'n£-tcn. An area of high pressure ovet
1:<>r the country between the Sierras and the
Ricky Mountains.
"No rain has faUen over the Pacific C'.o^.
At Cat ten City there is about S Inches of snow
eti the ground.
The tr.nperature has ilsen slowly" over Cen
tral ard F<-uih«ni California.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
l.o"r« . ending midnight. February 12, 1301:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday with frost
In the morning, cloudy at night; fresh south
«TFtcrly ¦wind.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday with
lieavf frrr«tfc in th« morning; light northerly
wlnos.
Nevada — Fa!r Tuesday, warmer.
Utah — Fair Tur-stiiy. wanner.
Arizona— Fa!r Tu<"sday. heavy frost In south
em portion Tuesday morning; Ught north
TrlniJs. -
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday.
be<-oming cloudy In the afternoon; light north
erly char-Clns to easterly winds.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
San Francisco data
The week started with trading rather glow
in evaporated apples, but held steady in tone
owlnr to the light supply on hand. State
crmmon was quoted at 3"SiS"M"5ic; prime. 4 a i@
6c; choice. B^Ste; fancy, 6<g7c.
California dried fruits ruled dull but steady
at unchanged prices. Prunes, 3V&£SUc as to
size and quality.
APUICOTS-Royal. 7y 4 £12c; Moorpark. 8U0
PEACHES— Peeled. 14@lSc; unpee-led, 6tte'lte.
DRIED FRUITS.
EGOS-Receirts, S043 packages; weak; West
cm at mark, 14%@20c; Southern at mark, 193
19%c ...
SITOAR— Raw, steady; refined, quiet.
BUTTER — Receipts, 964S packages; firm;
creamer)'. 16©I2c; June creamery, laifSOc; fac
tory. 11S14HC.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, quiet: No. 7 invoice. 7c;
mild, quiet and dull; Cordova, 83UV4e. Fu
tures closed quiet, with prices unchanged to
five points net higher. Total* sales reached
6CC0 bags. Including February. $5 55; March,
J5 50@5 65; "May. $s 63; July, jj 70; September,
$j 75; October. $5 SOl
¦\VOOL-Qutet,
HOPS— Steady
HIDES— Firm.
WHEAT— Receipts, 23.700 bushels. Spot, firm;
No. 2 red. S0>4c f. o. b. afloat: No. 2 red, 79c ele
vator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 86%c f. o. b.
afloat; "Xo. 1 hard Duluth. S9"5ic f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened steady and at once advanced,
being stimulated by reports of unfa\'orable
weather In the winter wh.<*at belt, a big vis
ible supply decrease. Influential support at Chi
cago, larsre clearances and general covering.
In the last half-hour, however, prices eased
off under realizing and closed unsettled at V<@
Via net advance. March, 7$»;fl"0"">,c. closed
78Uc: May. 79 6-160SO 3-16c. closed 79?ic; July.
73 l-16®79%lc. closed 79?»C
NEW TORK. Feb. U.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20.7S8 bbls; exports. 9250 bbls. Market, while
firmer in wheat, continued slow, the advance
cutting out buyers.
Ne-<v York Grain and Produce.
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 11-5 p. n.
The following are the seasonable rainfalls
to date ss compared with those of same
d&te last reason, and rainfalls in last twenty
fD-jr hoOrs:
(120th ilertaian-Padflc Time.)
Weather Report.
"Currants are rather firmer Sn sympathy
¦w-lth the English and Greek markets. Dates
and flps are <juiet. Some inquiry Is noted for
lanry i-eaches, business being reported at Sc
!n ?5-l"b boxes. Apricots are going out for
export in & fair irmj"."
"Prunes are In good demand from Jobbers,
but prices show a vride range. Sizes DO-lCOs
and 60-TOs are most wanted. A sale of a small
lot of the former sire Santa Claras was re
ported as low as 2?«c Considerable lots of
outride prunes are Fail to be comlnR Into this
market from near-by points and tales of sev
eral cars are reported from the coast at a
substantial c-Jt under the association price. -
Man reports from New Tork say: "The spot
market on California raisin* continue quiet,
but li a trifle Cnr.er. The block of 3-crown
loose muscatels, which has tx-en offering
sround M4®5Tte Is understood to be practically
cleaned ap and holders are now generally ask
ing C@6\4c Some even a*k CHs for very fine
etock. It Js possible i-cme little lots can still
be had at l%c fc'ale of about 100 boxes of 3
crorn 1s said to have been made Monday at
Et»c. To-n-crowa Is 111 light supply and held
ut S'lic Seeded raisins are weak. Some coast
Beeddi of gcoil quality, v. Is reported, are ob
tainable as low as «*»c. Bleached Sultanas
are steady at $5ir9 t 4c. with some demand.
Stock her* is practically concentrated In the
Prunes and Raisins it: New York.
J.4C0 Chesapeake & Ohio 41H
600 ChJcaeo Great Western 20"i4
S.900 Chicago, Burlington & Quincy 140*4
10.300 Chifca K o, Ind & Louisville 32H
1.400 Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd.... 631i
6,6<,-0 ("Tiicago & Eastern Illinois 10S*£
Chicago & Northwestern 172
7.100 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 125Vi
300 C C C & St Louis 77H
1S.300 Solorado Southern IOH
7.100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 46»*
i.WQ Colorado Southern 2d prefd 20>i
1W Delaware & Hudson 154'
200 Delaware. Lack & Western... 195
3.400 Denver & Rio Grande 41%
400 Denver & Rio Grande prefd $Tn
IP.100 nrie 29/2
9,300 Erie 1st prefd .'..'. 66H
100 Great Northern prefd 192
ICO Hocking Coal 16%
TOO Hocking Valley 48
2.400 Illinois Central 129K
500 Iowa Central 2614
100 Iowa Central prefd E4
Lake Erie & Western 44
Lake Erie & Western prefd 112
I-ake Shore 220
6,000 I^oulsvllle & Xasbvlllc 92«g
7.100 Manhattan Elevated 118%
2.900 Metropolitan Street Railway 163
29,xM Mexican Central ; 19
2O0 Minneapolis & St Louis 71
100 Minneapolis * St Louis prefd 107
«.«*> Missouri Pacific SHi
2.HO Mobile & Ohio 73-V4
7.460 Missouri. Kansas A Texas 21%
9.500 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.... 66*»
New Jersey Central 1E2
1.6C0 New York Central 144«4
1.100 Norfolk & "Western 45%
Norfolk & Western prefd 81
15,6(V) Northern Pacific S3*£
1.100 Northern Pacific prefd 87'i
12,600 Ontario & Western 33?<,
Oregon Railroad & Navigation 42
.- Oregon Railroad & Nav prefd 76
in.5"*K) Pennsylvania 149H
M<y) Reading .« 3314
i\S"0 Reading l?t prefd.... 75U
4.800 Reading 2d prefd 43!,
Rio Grande Western 75
Rio Grande Western prefd S3
13.1W St Louis & San Francisco 32*^
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd Sl»i
1.200 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd &9'i
S.200 Pt Louis, Southwestern T6 1 *,
5.500 Pt Louis, Southwestern prefd ir,%
6.900 St Paul M52
St Paul prefd i90'4
St Paul & Omaha 125
20.300 Southern Pacific A",%
15.300 Southern Railway 23\i
S.100 Southern Railway prefd 75*i
1S.200 Texas & Pacific SO
S6.700 ITnlon Pacific 96
13.500 ITnion Pacific prefd SSH
10.000 Wabash igs!
14.600 Wabash prefd S3U
7«) Wheeling & Lake Erie 15'
6.4f*> Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 33>4
7.400 Wisconsin Central , 1S^
10O Third Avenue 122
TOO Baltimore & Ohio prefd 8714
3,Sftn National Tube ...." eg
1,224 National Tube prefd 104^4
Express Companies —
Adams 155
American xS7
t'nited States 67«i
Wells Fargo no'
Miscellaneous —
200 American Cotton OH 30U
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 87*;
American Malting 4&i
V<0 American Malting prefd 2. ! >
P'.lfiO American Smelting & Ref C6U
20.700 American Smelting & Ref prefd 9SVi
American Spirits (2
American Spirits prefd 17
2.200 American Steel Hoop S2 l i
200 American Steel Hoop prefd 77
31.100 American Steel & Wire {3*4
7.£oo American Steel & Wire prefd 94
12.300 American Tin Plate 65
1,500 American Tin Plate prefd 92t.i
6,000 American Tobacco 11714
American Tobacco prefd 141
2.600 Anaconda Minincr Co 4eu
5,100 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 7sii
1.200 Colorado Fuel & Iron 4514
S.soo Continental Tobacco ¦.., 4g«2
COO Continental Tobacco prefd 96
14.S00 Federal Steel ' 531;
9.100 Federal Steel prefd........ 81>4
1,500 General Electric 19*5
100 Glucose Sugar 47U
Glucose Sugar prefd ,* 941,'
100 International Paper 24
4.100 International Paper prefd * 7374 !
200 Laclede Gas 75"
1,700 National Biscuit ..' , 4Q 7 4 j
National Biscuit* prefd ! 83
National Lead " ];s;
National I>ead prefd " gs
6.100 National Steel 47a/
600 -National -Steel prefd 941?
100 New York Air Drake 155
£00 North American "
racific Coaft "' fa
Pacific Coast 1st prefd R7
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
0)0 Pacific Mall ." 43Vi
17.500 People's Gas 10974
1,200 Pressed Steel Car ;'~ 3*14
«V) Pressed Steel Car prefd 75*4
1,000 Pullman Palace Oar.. 1315'
2,100 Standard Rope & Twine.: 514
60.300 Sugar i ..141U
Fuger prefd 119U
1.C0O Tennessee Coal & Iron «4w
2i.900 United States Leather 141!
4,700 United States Leather prefd 76
1,200 United States Rubber 21
300 United States Rubber prefd 60
20.I5OO Western Union g^
• S.3W) Amalgamated Copper 9m
1,000 Republic Iron & Steel Co 16*4
500 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 6"""»i
P C C & St Louis 60vI
S^ggs*'- :
1,012. S00 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding N Y Cent lsts ....107H
reg ...105% N J Cent gen 5s. ..129
do coup l'Ji'4 N Pac 3s 71^4
do 3s reg 110V4 do 4s 10GH
do coup in"v4 N Y C 4 Bt L 4s..lC*'!i
.do new is reg... .137'^ Norf & W con 4S..102V4
do coup 137Vi Or Nav lats 1(0
do old 4s res,...ll.l lL i do 4s 103");
do coup 11>V Or S Line 6s ......1274
do Cs reg... ..110*4 do con 6s 116K
do coup 110& Reading gen 4s .... 347/
Dls of Col 3.63 123 R « W lsts looii
Atchlson gen 4s ..103«d Rt L & I M con Cs.lic'
do adj 4s ........ 92% St L & S F een 6s.ia»
Can So 2ds 110H St Paul cons .....184
Ches & Ohio 4>,4s..lO7 St P C & Pao. lsts. 11SV4
do 5s ...122' do Es . ...... .v... .120*6
C & N W con "S...133V4 So Pac 4s 90H
do S F deb £«.... 124 So Railway Cs.....iis
Chi Term 4s ....... S>7 S Rope & 1" 6s €2
Colo So 4s £7 Tex A Pac lsts....lHi%
D & R O 4s....... .103U do 2ds 9j
Erie gen 4s S5 Union Pac 4s -. 106>>4
Ft W & D C lsts.. l>4 Wabash lsts 119U
Gen Elec 6s 1GH4 do 2ds 11114
Iowa Cent lsts 11614 West Shore 4s ....lm;
I, & Nash unl 4s...l01» 4 Wls Cent lsts...... tiSU
M K & T 2ds...... 7S1i Va Centuries ...... %u
do 4s .....; 97\i ' v- ..-*'
MINING STOCICa \
Adams Con ........ 20JLittle Chief 13
Alice ..........:.... 45jOntarlo '.. .....6 25
Breece 2 00|Ophlr 90
Brunswick Con ... 35 Phoenix .;... 08
Comstock Tunnel.. 04 iPotosI OS
Con Cal & Va-. 1 55 Savage 15
Dead wood Terra .. W) Sierra Nevada 18
Horn Silver 1 12 Small Hopes CO
Iron Sliver 65 Standard 4 10
Leadvllle Con .... . ¦ 06 1 - , • ti
f BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— * • • Union Land ....... 3',i
Call loans 2V4S3H West E^id n\,
Time loans. 34M Wls Cent 17x4
Stocks—/ .- Bonds—
Atchlson 56% Atchlson 4s '.101V4
do prefd 83 N K G & Coke 6b.. 68
Am Sugar.. ...Hi 1 ; Mining shares
do prefd ........llSVz Adventure .........,l3Vi
Ara-Telephone ....161 Allouez Mln Co 20*^
Boston & Albany. .254'^ Amalg Copper SIVi
Boston Klevated ..1CSV4 Atlantic- Sa
Boston & Maine... 195 Boston & Mont... 323
C B & Q....-......"..14O"54 Butte &. Boston .... 82
Dom Coal 26 Calumet & Hccla..660
do prefd 108" Centennial* 26U
Fed Steel S3V4 Franklin..... 21
do prefd V SI?; Humboldt .......... 60'
Fltchburg prefd ...141V* Osceola :.:.... ...... 88 .
Gen Elec ...:.... "."*.. 197Vj Parrotr-'t.;. ...:..... 50»i
do, prefd ........ 159 Quincy ".'::;....'.:. :;173 .
Mex Cent ISfi Santa Fe Copper... ~\i
MONDAY. . Feb. • 11—2:30 p. m.
Morning 8esslon.
. . . '. Board— ¦
1000 Cala-Standard 38
600 Four Oil Co.. b 10 M
400 Four Oil Co 60
1000 Lion Oil Co. 23
103 Monarch of Arizona 84
100 Monarch of Arizona S3 .
COO Monte Crlsto 2 50
200 Occidental of W. Va.. •. 70
500 Occidental of W. Va...... .7f
23 Oil City Petroleum .*. S3 00
25 Peerless '.. 8 75
4190 Petroleum Center .-... 21
30 San Joaquln OH & Dev 1375
S00 Superior 33
30 Twenty-Eight 2 20
100 Wolverine- 1 5714
:.- . Street..
1000 Reed Crude Oil Co...". (S
1000 Lion Oil Co £3
700 Superior 33
60 Homestake- 9 00 '
1C00 Cala-Standard, - b CO 40
Afternoon Session.,
- Board— . "
.153 Bear Flag {9
100 Bear Flag 41
150 Bear Flag 42
2000 Cala-Standard, b 30 »
850 Four Oil Co. .....' 60
. 130 Four Oil Co. 69.
43 Four Oil Co "65
.. 50 Home Oil 4 33
33 Homestake ....'......... 9 00
1100 Junction......: 80
100 Junction- :....... 81
500 Junction;.:.'...* '. 83
100 Kern Oil Co. 1175
500 Lion Oil Co. : 2J
, 200 McKlttrick Consolidated ...; 21
100 McKIttrtck Consolidated 23
100 McKittrick Consolidated 23 ;
500 Monarch of Arizona 82
" COO Monarch of Arizona '.'. ' S3
: 200 Monte Crlsto .......:... 2 50
: S00 Occidental of W. Va. , 72
25 Oil City Petroleum ....' ...35 00
30 Oil City Petroleum .....36 00
lOOO Reed Crude OH Co. K
- 20 Kan Joaquln Oil & Der 12 624
? 200Buperior .?. • •••• 31
150O West *Lake ..* :...-.. U
" OIL EXCHANGE.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Street — ,„ M
100 Cal Wine Assn j«... J00 00
$SCW Contra Costa Water bonds 1OT 23
$10,000 Hawaiian C & S Co 6s 105 0O
$3000 N P C B. R Ss..... 108 U
Board—
100 Cal 8afe Deposit 105 BO
$1000 Contra Costa. Water bonds 10S 25
820 Honokaa S Co S2 o0
530 Hutchinson S P Co 27 ,5
250 Kilauea S P Co « 2275
100 Makawell S Co • J» «>
$3000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s, s 10 114 60
10 Oceanic S S Co.... »f CO
100 Paauhau 8 P Co 33 25
2S5 Paauhau S P Co S3 50
20 Pacific Gas Imp « 00
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 4S 50
J1000 S F & S J V bonds... —..1W oO
$5P0O 8 P of A bonds.. "2 50
110 Spring Valley Water 93 60
Afternoon Session.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
U S 4s coup...H3mi4»i US 4s ep(new)l37H13?H
Do 4s reg 113»4114»«,! Do 3s coup..U0HUlH
¦¦.;2-' MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P Co 58.105 103H Oak W'Co 5«. — 102t;
Cal-st Cab 6s.ll« — Oceanic 68 5s.lO77ilOS&
C C Water 5s.lO8Vi — Om C R «s 128 —
Ed L & P 6s.l2SHl35 Pac O Imp 4s. 100 —
F & Cl Ry 8S.U4H — Pic & Cl R 68.103 —
Geary-st R 6s. — — Pk A O R 6s. — —
Haw C 5&S..10SH — Powell-st R 6»120H —
Do Es 105>4 — SEOAR6S— 100
L A R R 53..112L-113 SKA SJV 5sl20U —
L A Lt 6s... — — 8 R of Cal 6a.H0 —
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 H P of A 6*. .113 —
Do gntd 5s.. — — S P C 6s (1905) ,
LAP R 5s.. .103 — Series A ....110H —
Markt-st C 6s. 1M — Do (Series B)111H —
Do 1st c 5s. .123 - — Do (1996) ....ll.T, —
N C N G R 7.S — 113H Do <mZ) ....1:2V, _
N R of Cal 6S.114 — S P C 1st g 5alO7 lOS^t
Do 5s ........120 — S-P Br R 6s..l31H -
NPCRR fa.lOltf — S P Water 6s.U4H —
Do 5s 103 — Do 4* 10314 —
N C R R 6s.. — 113 Do 3d mtg..lO2% —
O O L & H 58.113 114 Stkn G & E 6s — 128
Oak Tr Co 6s. 114 US
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. — «9 iSprlng Valley. I2tt »3
Marln County. 52Vi — J
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 4 Pao Lt Co «H — .
Eqult Gas 3 3% Sac E G ft R. -' 37t*
Mut Eleo Lt... 7 - S F G & E.... *W 4S^i
O O L & H.... 50 5-U; San Francisco. 4H 4S
Pac Gaa Imp. 41% 44% Stktn G & E.. — 14
¦;r INSURANCE. STOCKS.
Firem's Fund. 232 ¦ — f
BANK STOCK8.
Anglo-Cal .'.... 77 — ,Lon P & A.. ..143% —
Bank of Cal. ..410 — IMer Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..l05H107 - S F National. .120 123
1st N Of S F.. — 312^1
SAVINGS BANKS.
German — 1850 Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — . — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust... — —
S F Sar U 510 — ¦'?.•¦: :'
STREET "RAILROAD STOCKS.
Californla-st ..135 149 O S L & H.... 43 —
Geary-st 47H — " Presidio — 20
Market-st 69 63'4
POWDER STOCKS.
California ....150 — IVlgorit 2% —
Giant Con — 83%)
SUGAR STOCKS. .j,''i'J
Hana Plan S%. 9 Kilauea 22% —
Haw Com 84 r?H Makawell 44 —
Honokaa ZZ\i Z2% Onomea 28*4 29
Hutch S P.... 27 . — Paauhaa 33^j 3*
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska P A... 12*54127 Oceanic SS Co. 8» —
Cal Fruit Can. — lOSH Pac A F A.... 3 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co.155 —
| Mer Ex Assn.. 100 — Parff Paint Co 12H —
' * Morning Session.
Board —
60 Cal Safe Deposit .'. 1C« 50
100 Otant Powder Con 83 50
$11,000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 10S 00
150 Honokaa S Co 33 00
75 Honokaa S Co 32 37ti
' 50 Honokaa S Co : 32 50
510 Hutcblnson S P Co 27 50
15 Hutchinson-S P Co 27 62>i
210 Kilauea S P Co : 22 25
20 Makawell S Co 43 00
30 Oakland Gas •'•» 50 00
$3000 Oceanic S 8 bonds ,..108 00
60 Oceanic S S Co 89 00
10 Onomea. Sugar Co 2S 75
265 Paauhau S P Co .'. 33 00
200 Paauhau S P Co '. 33 23
25 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 48 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 50
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 4S 73
-25 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 00
$11,000 S F & S J V bonds UOSO
Street-r- ¦ M
250 Cal -Wine Assn 100 CO
$1000 N P C R R 5s JOS 25
$21,000 S P of A bonds 113 00
Three cars of Eastern Poultry offered. Game steady.
MONDAY, Feb. 11—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
- me Jiinjns company naa isvjeo an
assessment of 10c ~»
STOCK AJTP BO1TD EXCTTATTQE.
Business on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange was heavier than for acme time.
The sugar stocks were especially f.rm, Hon
okaa rising; to J32 50. Makawell to $43. Kllauea
to $22 25, Onomea to 125 75 and Hutchinson to
127 62H- Oceanic sold at $33. Gas and Electric
advanced to J49 and Giant Powder declined to
JS3 60. : ...
In the afternoon MaJcawell advanced to J 44
and Kllauea to $22 7J. Gas and Electric de
clined to $43 SO.
On the morning session of the Oil Exchange
trading: was moderate at about the same prices.
Business wu more active In the afternoon
nnd quotation* -were v«rjt steady.
The Chollar Mining Company has levied an
also steadier.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Larger trading in local stocks and bonds.
Oil stocks continue to sell well.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and Exchange as before quoted.
Wheat and Barley dull and unchanged.
Oats quid, Corn neglected and Rye zveak and lotvcr.
Bran very firm under light stocks. Hay steady.
Goi'crnmciit demands for Beans not yet known.
Onions higher, Potatoes unchanged and Vegetables very nrm.
Eggs lozi'cr. Butter and Clicese as before.
Five cars of Oranges auctioned at good prices. j
Fresh Mexican Limes arrived^
Prunes continue to improve slowly in Nciv York, and Raisins
||e, C t h l r Beiche; Si'Sg^ ff
«» Con Cal A Va.lK 1 ™ * "
1C0 Con Cal & Va.l»i 200 sf»^* e <.;•-•• »
:0O Crown Point... 16i 200 Bl«2 v!^** 2
3CO Mexican n, Ktt s 1™ tSS^" X*
27 800 rnlon Con *l
K0 Occidental 07 200 Yellow Jacket" 23
•'' '•' Afternooa Session.
4w Andes 03 2M Ophlr ¦«
i22«*" & Belcher 27 200 Savajc*':.": «
I! JS?teSw s a3S" S
FtSk SSSI?" were the Bale ' to th » Pactio
e-cock txchange yesterday:
*m a a horning Session.
5SrhL C n,* r 17UOOOphlr ..... n
1^^^^ """""I S
2M Sex teat ***** \t Se? Belcher 03
-OOOph.r ... 871300 Yellow Jacket. 23
Aftimoon Session.
$30 Mexican „ 30 m Ov.m.« m
SSSSS? :::::::::: »^S^gr;..:::: = S
Morning Session.
jajws ss-^snA'ast
MININO STOCKS.
LONDON. Feb. 11.— Atchlson, 58; Canadian
Pacific. 23H: Union Pacific preferred, 90: North
ern Pacific preferred. 90U : Grand Trunk, 7:
Anaconda. 9%. Bar sliver, steady, 28',4d per
ounce. Money, 3 l /£@4 per cent.
CLOSING.
It Is estimated that about a million more is
now on the way to London from various quar
ters.
Money was in demand for the million treas
ury .bills which were allotted to-day and for
deposits with applications for- Exchequer bonds.
The date when the listing of applications for
the bonds closes has not yet been announced.
The bank bought £211,000 gold in bars from
the open- market and received by Importation
from Turkey £12,000. -
The American department was very quiet.
This was in anticipation of the holiday in New
York to-morrow. To-night . stock for. which
there was a demand was Atchlson, both Issues
of which were bought largely on orders from
Xew York.
The stock market here was fairly brisk to
day. In eplte of the settlement, i which was go
ing on smoothly.' Consols were hardening on
more hopeful views tvlfieh, axe beginning tw pre
vail now for a conclusion of the war in South
Africa.
NETW TORK, Feb. 11.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— Money on call, steady,
at 2@2*4 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 3M
@4 per cent. . Sterling exchange, firm; with act
ual business in bankers' bills at $4 88l&'for de
mand and at $4 84V4@4 84% for sixty days." Posted
rates, $4 S5H and $4 S9%: commercial .bills.
$4 S3y@4 S4M- Silver certlflcates. 62®63c Bar
silver, 61Uc. • • Mexican . dollars, 47^4c. . Govern
ment bonds, strong; State . bonds. Inactive;
railroad bonds, irregular. ,~ ¦
New York Money Market.
N E G & Coke 11% Tamarack ....338
Old Dominion .....38 Utah Mining ...... S5H
Rubber 20>.i Wlnona *..:.. :V..... 7^
Union Pacific ... v »0 Wolverines ........ 50^4
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
I ' PORTLAND, Feb. ; 11.— The \ Portland \ wheat
market Is quiet and very little selling and prices
are nominally 54c and 5414c for Walla Walla.
Cleared: Ship Scottish Hills, with ,117.105
bushels of wheat; bark Bossuet, with 113,055
bushels of wheat, both for Queenstown. '.: -v- ;
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 11.— WHEAT— Quiet and
eteady; Blue Stem, 57V4c; Club. 55c.-
OREGON'.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Feb. U.-Clearings, J471.9S3: bal
ances, C$3,153.
Portland's Business.
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 11.— WHEAT— Dull; No. 1
California. 6s 2«4d: Xo. 2 red Western winter.
6s m; d; No. 1 Northern spring. 6s 3d.. Futures,
steady: March. 5s HUd: May. 5s ll%d.
CORN — Spot, steady: American mixed new, 3s
9?id; American mixed old, Ss lid. Futures,
steady: February. Ss 9?»d; March," 3s 9ftd;
May. 3s 9%d. ' .
CLOSING,
\ LONDON. Feb. 1L-Conso!s, 97. Silver, 28HiS.
French rentes. 102 f 37 He. Cargoes on passage,
quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 Standard Cali
fornia.-29s 9d; cargoes Walla Walla. 2«3 7%d;
English country markets, generally 6d cheaper;
import into U. K.. wheat, 152.000 quarters; im
port into U. K.. flour. 206.000 barrels: wheat and
flour on passage to XT. K.. 3.000,000; wheat and
flour on passage to Continent. 1.010,000. -¦
LIVERPOOL. Feb. 11.— WHEAT— Quiet: No. 1
Standard California. 6s 2>fed66s 3d; wheat In
Paris, steady: flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, steady; weather in England,
cold. • -:'¦;.-
COTTON— Uplands, 5 7-lfid.
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in ttore and afloat on
Saturday, February 9, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat ¦ B8. 494.000 bushels, decrease 1.273.000
bushels: corn 16.531.000 bushels. Increase 1,121.000
bushels; oats, 10,290.000 bushles. Increase 361. W0
bushels; rye. 1.025.0C0 bushrts. increase. 10.000
bushels; barley, 779,000 bushels, decrease 9000
bushels.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Feb. 11.— Operations in cotton
futures were restricted to unusually small pro
portions to-day and prices kept in narrow
bounds. Taken as a whole it was a day of
professional -settlements" In view of to-mor
row's holiday. On the first class the jnarKet was
three points higher to two points lower. .- f
A brief period of nominal steadiness was fol
lowed by a gradual decline under selling .for
both accounts by pit operators and absence of
support from any quarter. The 'market finally
closed steady with prices 4 to 12 points net
lower. . ,
Nezu York Cotton Market.
'.NEW YORK Feb. 11.— The week starts with
the. general 'situation in local metal circles
about as was prevalent all last week, and in
fact for some months past. Trading was con
fined to supplying immediate requirements and
this business was of a very small , voI . un l e ,- A!,
tendency of values, nevertheless, is downward,
as the statistical poeitlon indicates a b ou ""™
Quantity in all lines. of metal. ? ln . ln .}f™™
to-day was 10s higher at. £12* 15s and as sym
pathetically firm and 5 points above Saturday s
close here at. $26 35. Copper remains dull and
featureless locally.' despite a rise of 10s ¦«>«*«
to £71 15s., Prevailing prices at the close here
were $17 for Lake copper and $15 62H for casting
bo<h ruled dull, with b-J*
nw. slow, closing at $4 37^4 and $3 90S :3 i9o. re
spectively.' Domestic iron markets, though a
jitlemore active to-day, were uBchansea at
$Teo®10 50 for plglron warrants: 0T^ T^J^{
dry. j S16@>1« 50; Southern foundry. $14 50S15 o.
and soft Southern, S13<3^5 75. - i».i__
English markets were dull, Glasgow closing
at 64s 9d and Middlesboro, 47s.
New York MetahMarket.
WASHINGTON, Feb. ll.-To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the S150.000.000 gold P 89 "'?,.-^!?^
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $143,009,394; gold, $72,432,762.
Condition of the Treasury.
strong.- others .about steady.: Goodtc- Prt™"
steers. : $5 05®6: ¦ poor to medium. S3 40©5: etock
ers and feeders $2 75@4 50; cows, ¦ $2 5o<84 25,
helfers.^2 K@4 50: canners.' $1 «f2 »!¦»»«"«:
«7o@4 85; calves. $4S6 25; Texas fed steers. $40
4 80; < grassers, S3 35@4 : bulls, S2 50@3 60. i.'
-¦< HOGS-Receipts 31.000; to-morrow.
40.000; left over, 25,000.- Market 10c higher.^ clos
ing ' eaeier.' Top, $5 60. Mixed and .butche™:
V> 25@5 50: good 'to choice heaj ? % , $5^5 50
rough heavy, $5 20@5 30; light, $5 2a@5 45: bulK ot
"sHEEpliE^ptB, 20.000. ' Sheep -^d - . li . n J^
steady. Good to choice we$hers, $3 90@4 40. fair
to. choice mixed. $3 50(34: Western sheep, $3 w
4 40; Texas sheep $2 60(ff3; native lambs, $4 w$
5 25; Western lambs, $5@5 25.
"> COAI>- Wellington. ;,'? $9 ' ¦' n/er~ ton ; !» Southfleld
Welllngton.-S $9; .{ Seattle. . $7; u Bryant.'* fl; r Cobs
Bay.f $5 50; i.Wallsend,'' $9 ; ' Co-operative '.Walls
end.. $3 ; * Cumberland," $12 in , bu Ik and » $13 23 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite; Egg," $14; Can-
BAGS— San .; QuentlnZ/Sags", i ,'$3 6S: T Calcutta
Grain : Bags.- r June and ¦ July,-, 6Hc": i local make.'
6Hc : j.Wool "• Bags. ".: 30<S32',4c ; * Fleece t Twlne. 7»jc
General i Merchandise.
; The .week opens on an unchanged market...
•j BEEF— 7©3c f . for < dteers ; and !¦ 6@7Ho = per lb
for Cows.', :V '-i'. '¦-'"¦.¦.'¦'.¦ ¦ : '~~ : -•-.'. '' - ; :
.VEAL— Large. 708c; small.- 9c per lb.'-.
\ MUTTON— Wethers, 9H@10c; Ewes. 9®9Hc
OUAMB— 11Q12UC per ; lbj 4 spring, HHigisc per
pound.*— ,''¦•'"'.: ¦'¦ '«^S ¦ *""'¦-'" " '¦ - 1 - .. f~, ir- . ¦. . u
.¦ PORK— Live Hogs, - 6®6Hc for ; small and . 6<a
6Hc for 'medium : and; 5^i®5%c: for 'large;' stock
Hogs. 6@5Uc; feeders, 614®5%c; , dressed Hogs,
7V40»c.- : - •¦" ¦ ¦• ¦¦.•: i'-'-J r' s . •.-¦¦, •¦¦. : ¦ ¦; •
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations." Heavy Salted Steers.
»%®10c; medium. 9c; light; 8«8%c; Cow Hides.
Sttc for heavy' and 8®8tte for light; Stags.i 6©
6%c:»ealted Kip/ 9e; Salted Veal. 9(310c; Salted
Calf 10c: Dry Hides. 16c; Culls. 14c; dry Kip,
15016c- Dry Calf, 16017c; culls and brands,
14@16c: Sheepskins. , shearlings, 20®30c each;
short Wool; S0®50c:each; medium. 60S. ac:_ long
Wool 75c®$l v each :¦ Horse Hides,' salt. $2 60®
2 75 for Urge and $2192 25 for medium, $1 25 for
email and EOc for colts: Horse Hides, dry. $1 73
for large ~ $1 50 for medium. $1 25 for small and
r.Oc for colts. ; Deerskins— Summer or red skins,
3Sc- fall or medium skins. : 30c; winter or thin
skins 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, ,75c:
large and smooth. 60c; medium, 35c. t ,;
TALLOW— No. I' rendered. *MQi%o per lb;
v o «| 404>4c: grease, 2@2V4c- ¦
WOOL— Spring Clip is . quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15®16c; Northern, defective. 12®
14c- Middle County, free. lo©loc; Middle Coun
ty 'defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain. • li
months'. 9«16c: Southern Mountain, free. 7
months' ll©12c: Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9@llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno, ; 16
«17c- Nevada,. lS®16c per lb. • - •*„.*?'
, Fall "•Clip— San' Joaquln..6H©8c; do lambs. 8g
9c--Midaie County. 1 9@10c; Northern" Mountain,
free. 10«llc : Southern . Mountain. » 7%e8^ic;
Humboldt and Mendocino, . 11©12c per lb. ¦
HOPS— 13@16c per lb; from second hands ISA
20c are the asking prices. ;\ -•;•;'.
There Is nothing new to report. Business
Is quiet, but prices are firm..
CURED MEATS-^ Bacon. ll@UHc per lb for
heavy, ll%@12c for. light medium. 12H@13c for
light. 13i4«il4p for extra light and 15^l5Ho for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12c;
Mess Beef. $12 per barrel; extra Mess, $13;
Family, $14: extra prime Pork. $15@15 E0; extra
clear, $19 G0@20; Mesa, $17; Smoked Beef. 13o
per pound. ' - : *
LARD— Tierces quoted at*6H@«Kc Per lb for
compound and 9%c for pure; half-*arrels, pure,
9Vtc: 10-lh tins, 10c; 5-lb tins. lOHc.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 8Vic;- three
half -barrels. 8o; one. tierce. 7%c;.two tierces.
7%c; five, tierces, ,7%c per lb.. •
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
' The steady Jobbing demand for Prunes In
New TorR keeps up,* and . some kinds of Rai
sins are also beginning to do better, , as will
be seen by the mall report in the first coluira.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras. 4 sizes, ic;
30-40»'7c; 40-50S. 6%c; 60-60s. 4%c; 60-70s, 3%c;
70-SOs. «Uc: 80-90»; 3%c; 90-lOOs. 2%c; 10O-12OS,
lV4c: rubles. %c premium;, Sonomas. He and
San Joaquins. 'Ac less -than Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same. Apri
cot*. 6©«c for Royals and 10»j 10Hc for Moor
parks: Evaporated Apples, 4<?5V»c: sun-dried,
1%®2%c: Peaches. 3@4c for standard. 3^j@5c for
choice and 6>*fIfiHe for fancy: Pears, ?®7c;
Plums, pitted, 6@6Hc; unpitted, l©l%c; Nec
tarines, 6«5>4c for red and 5V4C6c for white.
RAISINS— The Ralstn Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, llo;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c: unbleached Thomp
son's 9c per lb. Sultanas^Fancy. lOUc per
lb- choice. 9V4c; standard. S^c: prime. 8c: un
bleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless, 60-lb boxes.
sue; 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, 6Hc; 2-crown,- 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown. 5c; J-crown, 6%c, and
4-crown. 6%c; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy,
16-ounce. 7c: 12-ounce. 6V4c : choice. 18-ounce,
C%e; 12-ounce. 5%c; London . Layers, . 2-crown.
$1 60 per box: 3-crown. ¦ SI 60: Fancy, Clusters.
W Dchesa. S2 50; Imperial. S3. All prices f. o.
b. at common shipping points, In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8©10o per lb for Italian;
Walnuts. No. 1. softehell. 10c; No. 2. 7Hc: No.
1 hardshell. 9Hc; No. 2. 7c: Almonds. 12@13c
for papershell.- 9@Ho for softsbell: Peanuts. 5
®6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 13c: Filberts,
13c: Pecans, ll©13c: Cocoanuts. $3 60®5.
HONEY-Comb. 13H@14%c for, bright and 12H
013c for Ueht amber; ¦ water white extracted.
7\®8c: light amber extracted, 6HO7C; dark;
6eOHc x>er lb.
BEES W AX-24®26c , per lb.
Provisions.
Five cars of Oranges were auctioned, as .fol
lows: - Fancy Navele. SI 600-2; choice do, $1 15
@1 65; standard do. 90c(S-$l 10; fancy Seedlings,
$1 30; choice do, $1; Tangerines,- in' quarter
boxes, $1; In halves. $1 20. »
Arrival of 847 boxes fresh Mexican Umes.
The markets for all fruits remains as before
quoted. ' '¦¦¦
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 35365c per box for common, 75cO
$1 B0 for good to choice and $1 75©2 for fancy.
PEARS— €5c<2$l 60 per box. •
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. Sl®2: Seed
lings. 60cS3Sl: Tangerines. 75c©Sl 50; Mandarins.
75c@Jl; Lemons, 25c@Jl 25 for common and Jl 50
©2 for good to choice: Grape Fruit. $l@2; Mex
ican Llme». J5O5 60; California Limes, 25®50c;
Bananas, 75e®$l 75 per bunch; Pineapples. ; 75c
0$2 per dozen. c ¦ t ' ¦¦ ¦> - -'¦
Dried Fruits. Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dairy— Extras, 19c; firsts,: 15c: seconds. 14c;
Etore, lie. . ' ¦
6torage— Creamery extras, — ; firsts, — ;
seconds. — ; dairy extras, — .
Pickle, per pound.
Keg. — per pound. -
CHEESE — Fancy, full " cream, 10c: choice,
9c; common, nominal; Toung Americas, 10c;
Eastern, full cream, 15©U%c per lb. -
EGGS-
Californla Ranch— Selected white. 18c; mixed
colors. 17c per dozen.
/ California gathered — Selected. ¦ 17c: standard,
; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, — ;
seconds, ¦ — .
storage— California fancy, — ; standard, .
Eastern fancy. ; standard. : seconds.
, Receipts of everything were larger than of
late, but Eggs were the only description to
show a decline. Butter was quoted steady and
Cheese weak for all kinds. - ' .
Receipts, as reported by the Dalrv Ex-
Change, were 66,200 pounds Butter,' 134$ cases
Eggs and 11,150 pounds Cheese. .
BUTTER—
. Creamery— Extras, 21c; firsts. 19c; seconds.
Buiter, Cheese and Eggs.
.Sucks continued firm, as the .125 ska of Game
that; came in ' were . mostly ' Hare. ,
Th'redcars'of Eastern' Poultry were offered,
and' sates were made at UOJWc «or Turkeys
13 59 for Ducks. $1 75 for Geese, J5S6 for Hens
and young Roosters. J4 for old Roosters and
|1 25 for Pigeons. • -rr
¦'•- POULTRY— Live Turkeys. lOtgllc for Gob
blers and ' ll@12c for Hens; Dressed
15c; Geese. . per pair. $1 50@2; Goslings.
©2 50 : Ducks, i S3 50 for old . and -. I6@7 s for
young; ¦ Hen *3 50®4 50; . Young < Roo**er£
|5®6; Old Roosters, S3 50@4 50; Fryers, WQo 50;
Broilers, $5@5 50 for i large and $3®4 50 . for
small; Pigeons, $1@1 25 per dozen for old and
J2«2 60 - for Squabs. ¦ •• .
- GAME— Quail, : Jl 60 for' Valley 'and. $2 50 for
Mountain: Mallard. *3@4: Canvasback, $30* 50:
Sprig. $2 60<@3; Teal. $1 6O@2 25; Widgeon, .SI 75
02; Small Duck. $1250150; Black Jack. $125
#1 50; Gray Geese. $3; White Geese. $WJ1 25;
Brant, $1 60©l 75 -for email and $2 for large;
Honkers. $3ig4 60,- English Snipe, J2 50<^3; Jack
Snipe. « 50; Hare, II 25; Rabbits. »1 23@1 50 for
Cottontail and I $1 ¦ for Brush; • Doves, 75c per
dozen. ¦ -. "
Pouti ryand Game.
'Onions 'are .doing a little better. Potatoes
are about the same. Vegetables continue firm
and high. Southern Tomatoes are showing the
effects of frost. * . * .
POTATOES— Early ', Rose. 65<375c; Burbanka.
S555CC for. River. $l@125per ctl for, Ballnas
and 63c©$l . for Oregorf; Garnet : Chiles. ' from
Oregon, -60@75c;" Sweets. $101 05 for Merced.
•;. ONIONS— $1.65®2 15 perctl ; . Nevadas, J2®2 25;
Cut Onions, $1 25 per. ctl.'." • '"--'¦ ¦• ¦
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, v — — ; Asparagus,
from Sacramento, 15(2T2Oc pef . lb; ¦ from £ Ala
meda, ; Green Pea«. 7@10c per lb; String
Beans. 15@20c; Cabbage.", 90c: . Tomatoes.
Los Angeles." 75c0$l, 75 per. crate; from Mexico.
$-' 25@2 60 per • crate ; Egg - Plant, ! Los •. Angeles.
17'4iS20c Per lb:> Green Peppers. Lo«: Angeles.
15035c per lb for Chile and 25@35c for Bell ;
Dried Peppers, 9@llc; Dry Okra. lOtglac per lb;
Carrots, 25(f35o per box; Hothouse Cucumbers.
$1 50 per dozen: Summer Squash. I $2®2 2a per
box: Garlic. 3® 3'/4c per lb: Marrowfat Squash.
jlOSSo'Per ton; Mushrooms, &@lac'per id.
vnt. of the ¦ Government's S needs. vThus. far
only one I car of large white | has been | publicly
taken. ,'*. though ¦¦ other • orders ¦;.. may * have oeen
given. . The market Is unchanged, s \L\ .
BEANS — • Bayos, J3 60«2 75; Small .-WhttJ.
$1 60©4 90; ¦¦. Large White. $4®4 25: Pink, ft 1M7
2 35; Red. $3#3 60; Blackeye. \ *J#3 25: . Lfc""*
$5 60®5 70 : Pea. * cleaned up and i nominal ; i K«a
Kidney. *3 75©4 per ctl. V > - vl',; il
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; - Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax.$2 50@3; Canary.'»Hg
8%c forEastern: Alfalfa, .7HO9V4c:s Rape. ZO
2Hc: Hemp. 3%@3?4c: Timothy, thtc. 1. ,„
DRIED PEAS— NUes, $2@2 50; Green. , $3 70
@"3 per ctl;; Blackeye, nominal.
-Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
net tlO Per ton: Cok*. $15 per ton In bulk and
117 In sacks ; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 43
per 2000. lbs and »3 50 per ton.- according to
brand. ; ' * ¦ v
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com-
Dany auotea, per ¦ lb. " In 100-lb bags :
"^Crushed. 6.25c: Powdered, 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.83c; Dry Granulated. 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 6.75c; Ma«noMa A, 5.S5c; Extra C.
6 25c- Golden C, 5.15c; barrels, 10c more; half
babels, • 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-Ib bags.
10c more " No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or lta equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, : 6.50c; boxes. 6.75c per.lb. - • •
FOR MONDAY. FEBRUARY 11.
Receipts of Produce.
Wool, bales ...
HONOLULU.
«. 1*»
Flour, qrsks.... 6,163|Hides, No. »8S
Wheat, ctls 13S.5SO Sugar, ctls 1.395
Barley ctls 7.600 Quicksilver, flsks 57
Potatoes sks .... 6,050 Lime, bbls .273
Beans ska •"."" 14 Leather, roll. ... 14*
Middlings, sks.... - 20 Brandy sals .... 1.CW
Hay. tons 425 Wool, bale* 68
Pelts, bdls ....... 135
STOCK MARKET.
THE SAN FR^OISCO cA|iLi TUESDAY, 1 2, 19QI«
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign 'Futures.
8
STOCKS.
Bid.
Asked.
Bear Flagr • — •'••• :.••••
Black. Jack ••••••
Buckhorn ............
Burlington •¦-•;•••; ••.*.••
California-Standard ;
Central f Point Con. ;......:
Century Oil Co _.—
Continental O.I Co ..
El Dorado: ••••••
Four on Co ••;••••••.••••••/."•;•••
Hanford-Fresno^ke'rn River..'.'.'
Home Oil* .:... ...............
Homestake - ••••••.••••"•—
Independence ....^. ..•••••••• ....
Junction '.....¦ •
Kern Oil. Co ..:... :.:...
Kern River^......
Lion OU Co
41
' 42
1 40
2 75'
-: 15
S70
' iO
1 00
2 15
60
us co
. - 23
}• * 4Q :
10 00
13
- 81
• 11 87H
IS 73
Z4
2 00
38
SO
205
sa
113 00
• 4 35
, 9 0O
•., 18
¦¦¦80
:11 50
13 00
'23
MeKlttrlek
Monte Crl»to ...."-....
Occidental tt W V» *
Oil City Petroleum "'
Petroleum Center ¦¦
Peerless •*"'
Plttsburs "*•
Reed Crurt-
Rex Oil Co
San Francisco & McKittrtck"
San Joaquln O & D Co.
Senator i ]
Shamrock
Sterling O & T> Co..
Sunset Original *
Superior ". :...
Thirty-three Oil Co
Twenty-Eight
Westlake '
¦Weatahore
Yukon ;
Wolverine "*" j
SI
240
71
S3 73
22
49
M
71
140
2 CO
3 23
30
12 £0
220
1 M
U
s:
12G
so
3 4.
n
n
13 00
2 zr$
a
4 7a
S3
1 hA
STATIONS.
| Last ! This I Lact
,54 Hour*: S«ason. I Season
Be
Sa
Fr
tm
Fa:
bo
frf
'd
1C7J
in I
id*
m J
r >s .
ia
Biurr
amento
KrancSsco
¦ r.-
pen<letice
Lul» Oblspo
Angeles
Dicro
( ( ,
0.00 81.52 35.15
0.00 19.11 15.29
. P. 00 13.76 13.63
0.(0 14. M 14.57
0.C9 9.S0 - 6.15
0.00 4. S3 2.09
0.00 26.6S 12.50
0.00 12.53 4.57
. 0.00 S.50 2.65
STOCKS.
Bid.
Asked.
Bear Flagr • — •'••• :.••••
Black. Jack ••••••
Buckhorn ............
Burlington •¦-•;•••; ••.*.••
California-Standard ;
Central f Point Con. ;......:
Century Oil Co _.—
Continental O.I Co ..
El Dorado: ••••••
Four on Co ••;••••••.••••••/."•;•••
Hanford-Fresno^ke'rn River..'.'.'
Home Oil* .:... ...............
Homestake - ••••••.••••"•—
Independence ....^. ..•••••••• ....
Junction '.....¦ •
Kern Oil. Co ..:... :.:...
Kern River^......
Lion OU Co
41
' 42
1 40
2 75'
-: 15
S70
' iO
1 00
2 15
60
us co
. - 23
}• * 4Q :
10 00
13
- 81
• 11 87H
IS 73
Z4
2 00
38
SO
205
sa
113 00
• 4 35
, 9 0O
•., 18
¦¦¦80
:11 50
13 00
'23
STATIONS.
| Last ! This I Lact
,54 Hour*: S«ason. I Season
Be
Sa
Fr
tm
Fa:
bo
frf
'd
1C7J
in I
id*
m J
r >s .
ia
Biurr
amento
KrancSsco
¦ r.-
pen<letice
Lul» Oblspo
Angeles
Dicro
( ( ,
0.00 81.52 35.15
0.00 19.11 15.29
. P. 00 13.76 13.63
0.(0 14. M 14.57
0.C9 9.S0 - 6.15
0.00 4. S3 2.09
0.00 26.6S 12.50
0.00 12.53 4.57
. 0.00 S.50 2.65
MeKlttrlek
Monte Crl»to ...."-....
Occidental tt W V» *
Oil City Petroleum "'
Petroleum Center ¦¦
Peerless •*"'
Plttsburs "*•
Reed Crurt-
Rex Oil Co
San Francisco & McKittrtck"
San Joaquln O & D Co.
Senator i ]
Shamrock
Sterling O & T> Co..
Sunset Original *
Superior ". :...
Thirty-three Oil Co
Twenty-Eight
Westlake '
¦Weatahore
Yukon ;
Wolverine "*" j
SI
240
71
S3 73
22
49
M
71
140
2 CO
3 23
30
12 £0
220
1 M
U
s:
12G
so
3 4.
n
n
13 00
2 zr$
a
4 7a
S3
1 hA
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AMD YALLEJO., s
i ¦; Steamer; "Montfcello." f jJ
.MON.. Tues.. ' "Wed.. T"hur»., and Sat. . st t:CT^
a.n»-, »:15, 8:30 p.' m. (ex. Thurs. otght); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. ra.. S
p. ce.-' Landing and office. . Mission-street Dock.
Pier No.'*. Telephone Uala 1503.-
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
COMPAQKIS GS5IRALS TKAN3ATLANnQTO..
TTfRVCT LIVE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^.^. ]
v^VRiVer foo^f Morton street First class
JX »55 and upward. Second claw ta
« J^ «S and upward. GENERAL AGENCT
SS^UVITKD STATES AND CANADA. M
SSSdxrTy <Hudson building). New Tork. J.
? FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Ccaat Agents. 5
MontM»«nr vnm*' San Francisco. Tickets
H?°^ all Railroad Ticket Agents...
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. From section wo.
Is^Sva 3411 !! 1 .::..- ..February * 1901
II: - Colombia :v:...;... •-jf^s J- J?"
Sl. TUCAPEL March ». 1301
ca /LBVOtnPA April 4. 1901
B Th2S rteiSe^i a» buttt expressly - for -Central
Agent,.
PACITIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO. AND
' C03IPAS1A 8UD AM3ICAHA DB yAP0aS8
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twln-Scr«W Exoress Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBUBO, I
Columbia Mch. ZiDeutschland ....Apl. It
1^ Victoria Apl. lllColumbia May S
Twln-^crew Passenqer Service.
PLTMOCTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBXTRG.
Pennsylvania .'..Feb. lR'*Pho*nlcia Mar. 3
p^torta ;:..Feb.23iPatricU Mar. 9
. ~ 'Sails to Hambure direct.
Hamburp-Amerlcan Lloe. 3T B'w/ay. N- J-
HKRZOG A CO.. General Agents for Paclflo
Coast. 401 California street.
J D SPBICKELS & BROS. CO., Baoeral Agents. 327 larint St
Erfi Passngw 018a. 643 Hartet St. Per la. 7. Paaib St
S3 VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
'Zealand and Australia ~—
" 6eala Thursday. Kebruary 1*. at 9 p. ra.
R^ "MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
BS. MAK1^*: * Saturday February ». 2 p. m.
ce "Vt'straLIA. for Tahiti -.. •>
SS. ALSTKA .Wednesday. March 13. 4 p. m.
ViVUlilVCitftVV* DIRECT LIS£ to TAKITt
Cabin. S1(V»: Steerag*. *tf».
& S. Boanoke sails Tuesday, Feb. 19.
S. S. St. Paul sails Tuesday, March 6.
S. S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March 19.
From wharf, foot of Fremont »t.. at 2 p. in.
Freight and paes»n«*r offle*. 330 Market at.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PANAMA .R.*S£
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
From New Tork Every "Wednesday. 13 noon.
Noordland Feb. JOlWeaternland ..March 11
Friesland Feb. 27 1 Kensington, ...March 2O
Southwark ...March clNoordland ....March J7
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY/
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Aeent Pacific Coast.
30 Montgomery street.
RED STAR LINK;
New York and Antwarp.
From New York Ever* Wednetdar. 10 a. in.
St Louis Feb. *i3t. Louis March 13
New York Feb. 171 New York March »
Vaderland March 6lVader!and ....March S7
JOTT TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. LO5DOH. PASXSL
Stopping at Cherbourg, wwrtbwmd.
AMERICAN LINE.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passag* apply at company** ofic«.
43. Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Asent.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ner First and Br.inr.an streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HON'GKOXO. calllnc at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at HonickcnK with steamers for
India, etc. "N'o cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 19. V>n\
FP AMERICA MARU.... Friday. March 15. 1301
SSS HON GKOXO MARU
Tuesday. April 9. tm.
TOYO K1SEN KAISHA.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
S Steamers i»av« Broadway
Jfc -wharf, San Francisco:
Feb. 10. 13. 20. as! ZU-^ 2.
&j£S\£k at la Sea < ttle. C01BP * ny '" Bteaaiera
For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
I '<HtJ!i2aJ Tacoma. Ev.rott. Anacort^
»nil N>w Whatcnm nVa»h.>—
., . 11 a. va.. Feb. 10. 15. 20. 15.
March J. and every fifth day thereafter.
Changs at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska" and O. Jf. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
ccma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Enreka.\Humboldt Bax— 2 p. m.. Fefc. 12.
17. 22, 27. March 4. and every flCth day there-
after.
For San Dlero. etcpplnr only at Santa "Bar-
tara. Port Los Aneeles and Redondo (Los An-
reles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. ra.:
steamer Santa Rcsa. Sundays. 9 a. ra.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Car-
mccs. Port Harford (San Lais Obispo), Gavl-
cta. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenerae. San
Pedro. Eart San Pedro (Los Angeles) asd
Newport— Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Macdalena Bay. San J«» del
Cabo. Maz«tlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mei.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company re«er»e« th» rtjbt to chan*»
eteamers, sailing dates and boars of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montsoaiery
street (Palace Hot*I>.
' GOODALL, PERKIX3 & CO.. Gen. Acts..
19 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAM3R3 TO
PORTIjAISTD
Fron Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. a.
CA DC SI2 First Class Including Berth
lAnC S8 Second Clas» arjd Msats.
COLUMBIA Sail* Feb. 12. 2*. Mar. 4
GEO. "W. ELDER Sails Febt 17. 27. Mar. »
Short Lln^ to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
B. C. WARD. General A e»nt.
OCEAN TRAVEL.OAKLAND, Feb. 1L— Mrs. C. T. Johns,
wife of Attorney Johns, died last night at
their country residence in Shasta County.
The surviving children are Mrs. Dr. R. L.
Hill Jr., Fred C. Johns and Herbert Johns.
Mrs.. Johns' mother. Mrs. H. H. Earl of
Gilroy. and a brother,* Dr. G. W. - Earl of
San Diego, also survive. .'
To Arrange for Primary.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 11.— The executive
committee of the Harmonie -Hall Non-
Partisan Party will hold a meeting to
morrow night at the residence of George
H. :¦ Perry, when arrangements will be
made for the primary for the selection of
candidates for the coming municipal elec
tion. Chairman H. A. Thompson. will also
name^ citizens to fill' three vacant places
on . the committee.
Fischer's Concert House.
At Fischer's Concert House the La
Mont Juvenile company made a tremen
dous hit last night and the fairy ballet
was applauded to the echo. air. and Mrs.
Fred Cooper in their sketch. "The Mid
night Visitor." were thoroughly satisfac
tory. All Zada. the Oriental necromancer,
Is really wonderful. The Marcos, "human
knots." are very interesting. Sue Earl,
soprano; Lillian Jvevey, ginger and dancer,
and John "VVhalen, monologist, are ex
cellent.
FIHE DESTROYS A
. LABGE GLASS FACTORY
Plant of the National Glass Company
at Rochester, Pa,, Is In
. . Buins.
ROCHESTER, Pa., Fob. 11.— Tho town
of Rochester, on the Ohio River, about
twenty-five miles from Pittsburg, to-day
suffered! the greatest fire ln Its history.
The losses estimated at $1,500,000. The fire
started Just after midnight in the cooper
age department of. the National Glass
Company's plant, the largest tumbler
plant In- the world, located outside' the
limits of Rochester. The night employes
turned out with; their own hose and en
deavored to subdue the blaze, but a strong
west wind was blowing and the flames
soon spread to the packing department.
From the packing department the fire
made rapid headway to the main factory,
and within one, hour and a half from the
time the fire was discovered the plant was
ln ruins. The plant occupied several acres
of ground and employed 1500' persons. The
fire departments of near-by towns were
called upon. '-. ¦_'¦-- *..v ¦¦¦':,''
Divorce for Mrs. Wilshire.
LOS ANGELES/ Feb. 11— Mrs. H. Gay
lord Wllshlre this afternoon obtained a
decree of divorce. The case was held in
Judge Cymev's court behind closed doors.
No sensational evidence was. taken. Wll
shlre had made a liberal settlement upon
Ills former wife.
Dies in Stockton Asylum.
STOCKTON, Feb. 11.— Captain Ben Ben-
Bon. for many years a well-known steam
boat man on the Inland waters, died this
morning at the Stockton Insane Asylum,
to which he was committed a few days
ago from San Francisco. He suffered the
amputation of a leg a short time ago, and
was said to have become crazy. because of
his misfortune. The asylum authorities
believe his death was hastened by sending
him to the asylum.
3>aly Wins Championship.
LONDON, Feb. 12.— In a fifteen-round
contest for a purse of £330 and the light
weight championship of England at the
National Sporting Club, London, last
evening, Pat Daly of the United States
beat Johnny Hughes of London ln the
twelfth round.
Gomez's Followers Win.
HAVANA, Feb. 11.— The followers -of
General Maximo Gomez triumphed to
day ln the Cuban Constitutional Conven
tion. The clause making him eligible "to
the presidency of the republic waa adopt
ed by a vote of 15 to 14.
Hon. Samuel Maxwell.
OMAHA, Nebr., Feb. 1L— Hon. Samuel
Maxwell, a member of the Nebraska State
Constitutional Convention, Judge of the
Supreme Court from 1872 to 1S34 and mem
ber of Congress from 1S97 to 1SS9. died of
heart failure at his home in- Fremont,
Nebr., at 8 o'clock this morning. He was
stricken while attending to his furnace.
He was born at Lodl. N. Y.. In 1S28. H«
was the author of several legal works.
William Comstock.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 1L— William Corn
stock, a pioneer, died suddenly at his
home, six miles south of this city, yes
terday. "While bathing he waa stricken
with paralysis and died soon afterward.
Mr Comstock came to California in 1349
and had lived in- this county thirty-five
years.
Henry J. Ellicott.
"WASHINGTON. Feb. 11.— Henry J. El
licott. th» sculptor, long identified with
public works of importance, died sud
denly at his residence here to-day of
pneumonia. Ho waa 63 years old.
Mrs. Rosia Finch.
. SANTA • CRUZ, Feb.' 1L— Mrs. Rosle
Finch, wife of Charles Finch, died yester
day. Sho was a native of New Hamp
shire, 45 years of, age. -
POLICEMEN' LOOK ON
WHILE STJICEDE DIES
Make No Attempt to Cut Down
a Woman Who Hangs
Herself.
SPOKANE. Feb. ll.-Mrs. Agnes Hales,
formerly of. San Francisco, slowly
strangled to death here this " afternoon
while Policemen Parrish and Walker
stood calmly by awaiting the arrival of
the Coroner. The woman was attempt
ing suicide by. hanging, v The -officers
waited ten minutes before the Coroner
arrived. The Coroner at ' once detected
heart beats; the woman was cut down
and he worked earnestly to restore life
but ln vain. All admit that the suicide
would have been prevented had the
woman been cut down when first the
officers arrived.
The victim has been known as the wife
of Morris Goldstein, with' whom she lived
seven years. He beat her frequently re
cently. • Their child, a girl of six years,
came home from school to find her moth
er dead and her father ln Jail for sup
posed murder. * This latter theory was
abandoned and the husband released.
Goldstein tells of their life -together
and of their frequent quarrels. She
passed as his wife at Denver, Salt Lake
and Butte. He -deserted her in the Mon
tana town, but she followed him hither
Then they quarreled again and he went
to San Francisco. He tells of her having
followed him there; of the baby having
met him on - Market street, recognizing
him and calling him "papa." Again he
abandoned mother and child and came
back to Spokane and again she followed.
Coldbloodedly he confesses that he beat
her to make her give him her money.
In the room with her body, he mimicked
her talk in telling his tale to the reporter
and betrayed absolutely no emotion.
GENEBAL SHAFTEB WILL
INSPECT NEW HEGIMENTS
* 'Rookies" Will Be Subjected to Se-
vere Test Before Going- to
TWantin,
The Ia5t Inspection prior to departure
for Manila to which the First Battalion
of th«» Twenty-Pixth and Twenty-seventh
rf-Bitncnts of Infantry now Jn Model
Camp at the Presidio will be subjected
will hf hfld to-day by General Shafter.
Th*» troops will assemble at 10 a. m.. and
pass in rc-vk-w before the commanding of
licer and thf company commanders.
The Twt nty-Kixth will pail on the 16th
Inst., undfr command of Captain Pcshine
and Lleuu-nants M. I.. Crimmins, Her
echel Tupos and F. Van S. Chamberlain.
Aotins: Assistant Surgeons M. A. Hayes,
P. D. Brown. J. M. Hurnell and F. W.
Peas**, en routf to Manila, reported at
headquarters yesterday.
Patrick Connolly, private of Company
K. Thirty-seventh Infantry, was found
dead In h!s= tent by members of his com
pany yesterday afternoon. Connolly had
been on duty earlier in the day and re
tired to his tent apparently ln perfect
hraJth. but succumbed to an attack of
heart trouble.
Two hundrrd volunteers will receive
their finals to-day and be discharged from
the Fervice. They are from the various
volunteer regiments. The work prelimi
nary to the muster out of the Thirty
sevc-nth Is being performed as rapidly as
possible and will probably be completed
about thp 20*Ji inst. <,!,
HOICE BTTLE IS ASKED
FOB MUNICIPALITIES
Merchants' Association. Sends Strong
Appeal to Members of the
Legislature.
The following petition in favor of heme
rule for municipalities was unanimously
adopted by the board of directors of the
Merchants' Association at their last meet
ing and the secretary was ordered to
transmit a copy to each member of the
Senate and AFFembly:
Gentlemen: A number of bills have been In
troduced ln t?ie present Legislature of the State,
the purpose of which Is to legislate upon mat
ter* anVctlre crrtaln municipal affairs of this
city. The Merchants' Association would re
rpertfuHy r*tition you to exert your influence
end cart your vote against any such measures
txtt the following rpa^oni":
In accordance with the constitution of Cali
fornia Fan Fran<"i»r-i> has adopted, in the lan
puagre of the constitution, "a charter for its
own frovfrrr.mf-r.t" that ha* "become the orgranle
law thereof.** FUpTye.iir.ir "all laws inconsist
ent with Fur-h charter."
The oonstituttrrn of California. rro\-l<5es for the
r.roper amendment cf the charter by vote of the
'¦lector* of ihiF city anl subsequent approval
by the lypiFia.tun' of the State. Any supple
mentary legislation can l>e secured through
amendments duly ratified j P y the people and ap
proved by the I>es1s!ature.
The constitution of California has thu* clearly
provided that municipalities ehall enjoy the
r-rtvilejre of self-iroverr.ment in all their muni
cipal affair*. The principle of home rule for
the oitiee or California ha? bwn lawfully au
thorized by the constitution *>f the State.
Respectfully Fubml'^ng the foregoing to your
impartial consideration, we remain, very truly
joure, MEHTHA.VTff ASSOCIATION*.
F. \V. Dohrmann. President.
Special Dispatch to The Call
VICTORIA, B. C. Feb. 1L— The British
ship Ilala, which was causing so much
anxiety to the underwriters, who have
within the past few days sent a number
of long cable inquiries to her consignees
here. Is safe. She came ln off Cape Beale
at noon to-day and signaled, asking to be
reported. A tug has been sent for her.
The Ilala Is nlnetv-seven days from
Montevideo with* general merchandise.
Sixteen days ago an Indian sealer picked
up one of her life-buoys while hunting
seals near Uclulet. This buoy was brought
down by the revenue cutter Grant, and,
as nothing had been heard of the ship, it
was feared she had been lost. The wind,
until Saturday and Sunday, had been
blowing heavily off the coast, which fact
no doubt accounted for her non-arrival
until now. Twenty per cent reinsurance
was offered on her.
¦»
LOST WITH HER CREW
OF TW ENTY r TH REE MEN
Owners of the Ship Ardnamurchan 's
Cargo Give Up Hope for
the Vessel.
ASTORIA, Or., Feb. ll.t-W. Anderson
of Vancouver. B. C, owner of the salmon
cargo of the British ship Ardnamurchan,
has given up -all hope for the vessel. . For
some weeks past salmon has come ashore
along the coast near this city, and
Anderson came over from Vancouver to
investigate. : Inquiry proved conclusively
that the ealmon came from the Ardna
murchan, and he expresses the belief that
tho vessel and her crew of twenty-three
men have gone to the bottom.
The Ardnamurchan sailed from the
Fraser River on November 23 and was off
the Columbia River when the first of the
three great gales arose. Doubtless she
was capsized and carried her helpless
crew to the bottom. The sanw gale
caused the loss of the Andrada, hope for
which has been entirely abandoned.
It now appears that another lumber
schooner has been wrecked on this coast.
as quantities of lumber have come ashore
during the past few days. Local shipping
men are at a loss as to the Identity of
the schooner. . r:-v- *
Sailing Vessel Given Up as
Lost Arrives Off
Caps Beale.
BRITISH SHIP
ILALA IS SAFE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GRASS VALLEY, Feb. H.-Detalls have
Just come to light of a robbery that for
boldness and daring exceeds anything re
corded here in years. A week ago a rich
strike was made in the Empire mine j A
portion of the ledge about six feet long
and four inches wire was seamed with
gold. Before having it removed, the man
agement decided to let It stand until some
of the owners of the mine could arriye
and see the bonanza in its native state
On Sundays no one works In the m'lne
but the pump man. The door barricading
the mouth of a drain tunnel was broken
open by robbers, who traveled 2000 feet to
the shaft. They then descended about
1500 feet and went into a drift 800 feet long
where the rich ledge was uncovered. They
drilled two holes, using forty of the com
pany's drills to do the work and display
ing a thorough knowledge of the mine and
the location of its tools. Then they de
liberately fired the blasts.
The pump man heard the reports, but
thought some of the men beins paid by
the company were at work. The thieves
must have taken at least 300 pounds cf
ore, and it is safe to say they took onlv
the richest, for what they left where they
had been working contained considerable
gold.
It is estimated that the value of tho
stolen ore was not less than $10,000. De
tectives are at work on the case.
Daring Thieves Makt a $10,
000 Haul at Grass
Vallty.
LOOT A MINE
OF RICH ORE
Ebenezer Knowlton, one of this city's
pioneer school teachers, has sued Eliza
beth J. Knowlton for a divorce, alleging
desertion as cause' of action. Knowlton
married In this city in 1S69, but for
seven years, he says, he and his wife
have not lived together as man and wife.
During that long period of time. It is saiil.
they have lived in tho same house, but
have not spoken to each other. A short
time ago Knowlton moved away from nu
old home and the divorce suit was Insti
tuted. He alleges that there la no com-
m knowlum P lias "been Identified with the
San Francisco School Deprtment for a
quarter of a century. He has taught,
either as a principal or subordinate. In
nearly every school ln San Francisco. He
was suspended not long ago from the
vice principalshlp of the Everett Gram
mar School for criticizing tho wearing ap
parel of his pupils. Since his suspension
he has fought in the courts for reinstate
ment, but as yet hia efforts have not been
successful.
MABIE BARCA TELLS
OF HER MARITAL WOE
Their Marriage— Hecord of
Divorce Court.
Says Husband Got Drunk Day After
Marie Barca yesterday filed suit against
Jules Barca for divorce on the grounds of
cruelty and desertion. It appears from the
complaint that Barca, who was a resident
of this city, married the plaintiff on De
cember 14. 1876. Mrs. Barca was only 17
years of age at the time ana her husband
was 37. On the evening following their
nuptials Barca is alleged to have come
home in an intoxicated condition and
treated his wife most cruelly. The fol
lowing day she left him ami since then
they have lived apart. Mrs. Barca is rep
resented by her attorney, George W.
Bourdette. ¦ „ .
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Frankie Gailor from Edward B.
Gallor for failure to provide, and Lulu
"Watson from Alton D. Watson for deser
1 Su'its for divorce were filed yesterday
as follows: On the ground of desertion,
by Georee Hanson against Anna M. Han
son and Gustaf F. Burg against Josephiro
Burg; on the ground of cruelty, by Frank
Decleer against Margaret Decleer and Ce
celia Warren against Joseph S. Warren.
Veteran Teacher and Former
Vice Principal Asks for
Legal Separation.
KNOWLTON SUES
FOR A DIVORCE
BILLS SUCCESSFUL
Hi THE ASSEMBLY
Cutter's Stanford University Measure
Passed by the Lower
House. .
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 11.— The Assem
bly to-day passed Mllice's bill to pay the
claim of the State Board of Horticulture,
and Kellcy's, creating a firemen's health,
relief and life insurance fund ln cities
and counties and towns.
The Assembly also passed these Senate
bills: Davis", appropriating money for
lumber and fencing at the Preston Re
form School: Nutt's, appropriating $300 to
pay the claim of Francisco Torres: Tay
lor's two bills, relating to the time of
commencing- actions to Contest assess
ments, and to improve streets and con
struct sewers ln municipalities; Davis',
relative to rates of toll being posted at
gates: Laird's, to pay the claim of Modoc
County ln foreclosing delinquent pur
chasers of State school lands; Belshaw'a,
to pay the claim of Marin County against
the State; Cutter's, granting to the
trustees of Stanford University corporate
powers and privileges; Byrnes', relative
to mutual, beneficial and relief associa
tions; Mucnter*s, amending the Political
Code relating to election returns and the
committee substitute appropriating money
to pay for printing and supplies furnished
the various State offices and institutions
by the State printing office.
Melick's resolution authorizing the
printing of 6000 copies of the report of the
State Mining Bureau on the oil resources
of the State, at a cost of $600, was
adopted.
TO ENCOURAGE USE
OF VOTING MACHINES
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. ll.-Senator Smith of Kern
has introduced a constitutional amend
ment designed to make optional with the
counties the use of voting machines. His
amendment Is as follows:
Sec. G. The inhibitions of the constitution
notwithstanding, the Legislature shall have
power to provide that in different parts of the
Stat« different methods may be employed for
receiving and registering the will of the people
as expressed at elections and may provide that
mechanical devices may be used within deslfr
tiate-1 FulxllvlBlons of the State at the •option
of the local authority indicated by the Legrlsla
;ure for that purpose.
The amendment is not necessary to al
low the adoption of a voting machine,
provided that the machines are put in use
all .over the State. Smith Introduced an
amendment to the constitution during the
eession of 1Kb and at the succeeding gen
eral election it was adopted. It was
found, however, that it would be almost
Impossible to adopt the machines all over
the fotate at the Fame time, and bo the
amendment has not been taken advantage
of. The constitution provides that elec
tion laws shall bo general and uniform,
and fo until Smith a new amendment has
been adopted no voting machine can be
nut in use anywhere in the State unlosl
& b «iP U K ln S£P rwht **'. a condition which
Smith hopes his amendment will relieve
so far as voting machines are concerned".
FOETY ARRESTS ARE MADE.
Policemen and Rioters Injured at
Madrid and Saragassa.
LONDON. Feb. 12.-A Madrid npecial
rccelved'at midnight say«: It is asserted
to-night that about forty arrests have
been made. Several policemen and some
of the rioters have been injured in Mad
rid, as well as several rioters and four
gendarmes at Saragosea. where martial
law has been proclaimed.
Chinese to Be Barred.
BERLIN, Feb. 11.— "To-morrow will be
held another meeting of the foreign en
voys," says a special dispatch from Pe
king, "but without the Chinese plenipo
tentiaries, who constantly Interrupt and
render any action almost Impossible,
Hereafter the foreign envoys Intend to
communicate only In writing and to
designate their decision as Irrevocable.
M. Pichon, French Minister, with General
Myron, went to-day to Paoting-fu for a
fhort stay." The Berliner Tageblatt pub
lishes a dispatch from a. correspondent In
Siberia who cites evidence going to show
that Russia considers that her recent acts
have annexed Manchuria and Mongolia.
Consul Ho Yow Buying Horses.
STOCKTON. Feb. ll.-Consul Ho Yow,
the Chinese Government representative In
San Francisco, is on a trip down the San
Joaquin Valley looking for blooded horses
for hl« string of racers. He bought three
mares here on Sunday and went to Farm
ington for more to-day. Charley . Bunch,
a well-known horesman, Is with him. ,
QUAKER DOCTORS
SUDDENLY DECAMP
They Make a Clean- Up and
Disappear Prom Their
Offices.
"Leo and Francis. Quaker X>octors:
Office Closed on the Lord's Day," is th«
lettering of a sign on a door leading tc
a suite of rooms In tho building at 933
Market street. That particular office Is
not only closed on "the Lord's day." but
on every other day, so far as tha
"Quaker Doctors" are concerned. J. F.
Hall, who was formerly engaged in the
undertaking business at Fresno, bought
"Dr. Leo'*" Interest In the business for
11000 on the 5th ult, and Is now left to
face tho fury of the victims of the fakers.
"Dr. Leo," whosa real name 13 Fred a
Walton, left for his old home in Boston,
Mass., a week after disposing of his In
terestln the business to Hall. Franz C.
A. Ooersa, who posed as "Dr. Francis."
remained here until a week ajro last
Thursday, and then suddenly departed
for Boston to Join Walton, leaving many
saloon-keepers to bewail the loss of liquid
refreshments furnished him on credit.
The missing "Quaker Doctors" arrived
here In the latter part of October last,
after having made a clean-up in Lead*
vllle. Colo. They opened at Central Parb
and made money. Then they visited dif
ferent sections of the city and gave open
air entertainments to attract crowds.
With the entertainment they gave their
"delighted audiences" an opportunity to
buy remedies warranted to cure any
thing but a broken leg. Offices. were next
opened at 935 Market street and patients
flocked to the "Quakers." For tha sum
of $100. half paid down as a "guarantee
cf good faith," they agreed to cure "In
curable diseases." They numbered their
victims by the hundred. Some of tha
victims received as much as a bottle ot
water with a squirt of peppermint in it.
to be used in the cure of cancer. Others
got water with a little coloring matter,
to cure them of rheumatism. Tha
"Quaker Doctors" had a good time and
a rich harvest.
When Hall bought out Walton's inter
est, "Dr. Francis" agreed to remain hera
and carry out all contracts entered into
by the firm. A week ago.' Monday last,
he failed to appear at the office. Hall
went to his room in a downtown hotel.
"Dr. Francis" excused himself by say-
Ing that he had "gone off on a drunk"
and didn't want to show up until he waa
sober. When Thursday came and the
doctor failed to appear Hall became anx
ious and went to the hotel. He then
learned that "Dr. Francis" had left on
the morning train for Boston.
Hall and the other victims have no re
dress in criminal law. as the transactions
of all of them with th.e fugitives were in
contract form and could only be tried In
civil suits.
On motion of Rowe it was also resolved
to rescind the appointments of all copy
ists made since January 7.
OAKLAND. Feb. 11.— Mrs. Hattie Mc-
Donald, for many years matron of the
Receiving Hospital, has been deposed
from her position by the Board of Super
visors. At this morning's meeting Super
visor Rowe moved that Mrs. McDonald
be removed and Mrs. L. M. Cook appoint
ed In her place. The motion was adopted
with one dissenting vote, that of Super
visor Church.
List of County Em
ployes.
NEW MATRON FOB THE
BEGETTING HOSPITAL
Supervisors Make Changes In tha
OAKLAND, Feb. 11.— Dr. and Mm. H.
J. Plomteaux of 1615 Twenty-third avenue)
are entertaining their son-in-law. Paul C.
Fischer of New Tork. Mr. Fischer la the
Stelnway manager of Pianist Godowsky'a
concert tour.
Manager Fischer's Visit.
At the society's last meeting thirty
three new members were initiated. The
organization provides a sick and death
benefit fund, the former being a minimum
of $6 a week. It alms to bring the men
into eloper personal relations and to pro
mote the best interests of the roads and
divisions upon which they are employed.
The yearly reunion Is one of the means
adopted to lend a social flavor to the
society. The admission cards are in the
form of a railway transfer slip, with the
date and hour of assembly properly
punched out. In the right hand section
is the programme: Dancing S:30, Grand
March 9, "Home, Sweet Home" 1 a. m.
Special cars will be run over the Oakland
city with the exception of the two roads,
San Pablo and TelegTaph avenue lines,
are members. These roads are controlled
by the » Southern Pacific Company, and
Its men are not permitted to join the so
ciety.
Transit Company's system and the Hay
wards road for the accommodation of the
society's guests.
The offlcers.and committees are as fol
lows:
President, George B. McHale; vice president,
J. W. GiUogly; superintendent, W. E. Wat
kins; foreman, 8. Lori* well; conductor, W.
F. Krueiter; inside doorkeeper, R. Scott; out-
Bide doorkeeper, R. O. Watkins; secretary,
David Hughes; receiver, B. B. Booth; treas
urer, J. W. Smith.
Committee on Arrangements— W. E. Wat
kins, J. W. Smith. J. Wllkes, B. B. Booth.
W. F. Krueger. C. McDonald. D. B. Parker.
D. Hughes; floor manager, George Doolan;
assistants, E. M. Spain, H. Kelton, B. B.
Booth and W. E. Watklns.
Reception Committee — George Saake. O. B.
Mcftale, C. Clark. "VV. J. Bathurst. D. B.
Parker, J. H. Smith, W. F. Krueg«r,. R. O.
"VVatklns; floor committee, J. McNamara,
George Messec, A. Ross, C. McDonald and
G. Crane.
OAKLAND. Feb. 11.— The 200 mem
bers of the Oakland Carmen's So
cial and Benevolent Society have
completed arrangements for their
annual reunion, which will take
place on St. Valentine's night, next
Thursday, at Reed Hall. The steady
growth of the organization has given the
yearly public gatherings a prominent
place In the social affairs of the city.
The committees In charge of this year's
ball have spared no effort to insure the
success of every feature of the enter
tainment.
The order has advanced rapidly and
represents a strong alliance of the street
railway employe?. All conductors and
motormen are eligible to membership, as
well as all other employes whose duties
are among the cars. This eliminates only
track and road . workmen.
Representatives of every line In the
CLAIMS HE IS VICTIM
OF FOUR BUNKO MEN
Ah Louie Robbed by Alleged Custom
House Officers and Arrested
for Kicking 1 .
A^i T,"i:!e. a Chinese who conducts a
wash-house at 2V> Tehama street, was
brought to the City Prison last night and
held pending the investigation of the
n'j'i-er stories he told. Kouie attracted a
large crowd on the corner of Powell and
Kills streets through his loud and angry
denunciation of a haekman whom he ac
cused of standing in with two Chinamen
«n<l two white men. who. he claimed. ha«l
robbed * him. The cabby was just as
anxious to accuse ;he Chinaman, claim
ing that the Celestial owed him the fare
for four n«-ople.
Hack of the dispute Is a story of du
plicity in which the principal rogue ap
parently got the worst of It. It seems
that Louie had two friends that were
h*-ld nn the water front pending an exam
ination by customs officials. J»uie was
very ¦nxtona to secure tnelr freedom, and
when be w:is approached by two men
<:.-i:rn:rig to b<» Custom-house officials,
who offered for S2W to free the Mongol
i*r.F. he accepted the offer.
In accordance with the plans made he
wf-nt in a hack to Second street, where
The two customs officials and two China
men that h<- supposed were his friends
pot in. I^ouie directed the cabman to
<1rive to a small street above Powell, be
tween Eddy and Ellis, whe-rs he got out
to visit a follow laundryman. When he
returned to the cab the four rnen were
not to he seen, and the Celestial waxed
wroth at the deception and accused the
cabby of being a party to the scheme to
rob hun.
ARCHBISHOP CHRISTIE
HERE .FROM PORTLAND
His Great Ambition Is to Erect a
Magnificent Catholic College
in Oregon.
His Grace Archbishop Christie of Ore-
Ron arrived in San Francisco Saturday
evening and 's the guest of Archbishop
RIordan. This is the first visit of the
noted ecclesiastic to San Francisco, and
owing to his stay being brief he will not
appear publicly while In the city.
His Grace Is a tall, dignified man and
greatly resembles Archbishop Ireland. He
succeeded the late Archbishop Gross near
ly two years ago, and during that short
time wonderful strides in the growth of
Catholicism in his diocese have been
made. He is at present deeply Interested
in establishing a large Catholic university
in Oregon, and has even gone so far as to
select a site. This institution will. If his
Grace's ambition is realized, be one of the
finest institutions of learning on the Pa
cilic Coast. He also expects In five years'
time to lay the foundations for a mag
nificent cathedral. .
His Grace, accompanied by his secre
tary, the Rev. James H. Black, will re
turn to Portland next Friday.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
parsed to print an ordinance providing for
a grant to the San Francisco and San
Joaquln Valley Railway Company of a
right of way and the right to construct
twelve tracks and operate Its railroad
thereupon from its property acquired for
terminal purposes <*i the north side of
Bryant street, between Main and Spear,
across Bryant street to the ferry slip and
wharf set apart for the company, by the
Harbor Commissioners. Certain condi
tions are imposed, which the company has
agreed to abide by. *
The City Attorney submitted an opinion
that the bill granting a franchise to tho
Kay ami Coast Railway Company to en
ter* the city at Twenty-fourth and Illinois
*trens is "legal and the Itoard has the
power to grant the franchise. The bill
was referred to the Judiciary Committee.
The <"ity Attorney in his opinion says that
one <>f th« streets is misnamed in the or
dinance, .'in<i this error must be corrected.
The ordinance transferring from the
Fch'iol I'epnrtment to the trustees of the
Free Public Library the easterly seventy
feet of the lot at the corner of Clara and
fourth streets and to the Police Depart
ment the westerly eighty feet of the lot
whs pawed to print. The r<*olutlon set
ting aside }2.i.»XM to erect a police station
on the lot was indefinitely postponed.
Bids for official advertising were
I'prned. but as they showed a large ln
orease over the price of last year the bids
\vt re rejected. The Post bid 34 cents and
the Hullctin S9H opnts per half Inch, last
year? rate hfinp 14 cents. The clerk was
directed to advertise for new bids.
The resolution directing the Board of
Works not to disturb the fences In the
University Mound. Lakeview and other
outside districts, except where the board
in its opinion believes the fences should
come down, was adopted.
City Attorney Says Board of Super
visors May Give Bay. and Coast
Railway Right to Enter
City.
Valley Road Is Granted
the Privilege to Cross
Bryant Street. 1
MAY LAY TRACKS
TO ITS TERMINAL
The Supervisors adopted a resolution
yesterday providing for the taking of tos-
tlnony and examining of witnesses in the
matter of flxlnc the rases to be collected,
by companies furnishing heat, lieht or
power to this city or to Its inhabitants
thereof for the fiscal year commencing
July 1. 1501. The rate* must be fixed on
the last Monday of this month, as pro
vided In the charm-. Vhe board was au
thorized to employ B stenographer to tak«>
the testimony, 'the hoard will meet on
Wednesday evening for the purpose
rawd.
The amendci ordinance to prevent the
Fale of any baneful food adulterant or
preservative confining chemicals used in
preserving food for human consumption
was r>asso<i to print. The original bill did
not contain the word "baneful" and rep
resentatives of various canning industries
addressed the board in opposition to it on
the BTonnd that it would prevent the »;.«;
< f what they deem tc be harmless pre
servatives.
An ordinance providing for the paring
ot Pine street . oetween Sansome and Bat
fry, with asphalt at a cost of J2575 was
jiasped to print.
Th*> ordinance Imposing- a license of JfiO
p»»r quarter on pawnbrokers was indefin
itely postponed.
The offer <if J. S. Mockbee to purchase
!he Widher property at Mountain View
was accepted.
The ordnance requirine all r>ersor.s or
corporations owning: or leasing fences for
advertising purposes to tile an indemnity
bond for possible Injuries to persons or
damage to property that rr.sy be caused
by the falling nf yurh f^nrrs was re-re
ferred to the judiciary Committee.
Thf Tax Collector was directed to issue
a Ucont* to tho San Frar.dsco Art Asso
ciation to conduct a m;irdi pras ball. In
the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. on
February 39.
The Board of Education was dlr^rted to
{lie a statement of ho claims held Dy
tr-achfrs and othrr employes for ha« k
tHlnrl^s remaining unj>«i<i. which may be
liquidated under th» constitutional amend
ment Bdooted at the !ast election.
The National Fpnnir.e Club was pxantel
j^rrniFpion to hoi,] a bi xing exhibition in
March.
6a!e of Baneful Food Preservatives to
Be Prohibited— Pine Street, Be
tween Sansoxne and Battery,
Ordered Repaved.
Board of Supervisors Will
Begin the Taking of
Tsstimony.
LIGHTING RATES
ITS NEXT CURE
William H. A. Waldeck, who was for a
short time captain of a company in the
Seventh Volunteer Regiment of lmmunes.
raised In Kentucky during the war with
Spain, was arrested yesterday by De
tective Harry Reynolds at 405 Geary street
and was locked up in "the tanks" at the
City Prison pending developments. He
arrived here from the East about January
9 and registered at the Palace Hotel.
There he ran up a bill amounting to |19 15.
and as he was unable to liquidate It he
was notified to quit on January 16, and
his trunk was detained as security for tha
bill.
Waldeck has been wearing the uniform
of a captain of the army and representing
himself to clergymen and business men, it
is alleged, as still in the service. Com
plaints were made to Captain Seymour by
the officers at the Presidio that WaldecK
was so representing himself and asking
them for money. A firm of military out
fitters on Butter street complained that
Waldeck had got from them a captain a
cap valued at $11 and had left his old one
to be repaired. He had also ordered a set
of epaulette^, which had not been called
for. He represented to them that he was
an army officer. The Rev. Dr. Parrtsh of
the Church of the Advent, who says ha
is so poor that he has to live In the base
ment of his church, complained that Wal
deck had got $3 from him on tho repre
sentation that he was expecting money
from the East. He had called upon other
clergymen, among them the Rev. Dr.
Clampett. who gave him a letter of intro
duction to the Rev. Mr. Hitchcock of San
Rafael. It was those complaints that led
Captain Seymour to detail Detective Rey
nolds to arrest Waldeck.
Waldeck was living at 405 Geary street
under the name of G. Wilson, and it is al
leged that he got goods from merchants
under that name. Among them was the
Welsbach Company. 140 Ellis street.
Among the papers found in Waldeck s
possession was one from Colonel G. L.
Glllesple of the United States Corps of
Engineers. New Jork. dated May 24, 1898.
to the adjutant general of the army at
Washington recommending Waldeck for a
commission in the army and stating that
he had been an officer In the artillery of
the army of the Netherlands, as his father
had been before him. He had also bundles
of letters of recommendation from clergy-
Two letters written by himself, on© to
J. C. Astredo, superintendent of the
Church Mission Home. 606 Folsom street,
and the other not addressed, showed that
Waldeck had contemplated suicide. In the
letter to Astredo he said that he intended
to end his own life, and asked him to get
his trunk from the Palace Hotel and send
the consents to his" wife.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Rev. Thomas Vanscoy.
HELENA. Mont.. Feb. 11.— Rev. Dr.
Thomas Vanscoy, president of the Wes
leyan University of Helena, died to-day
of pneumonia. He was one of the best
educators and churchmen of the city and
State He came to Helena from Port
land, where he was for twelve- years
president of the Portland University. He
was 53 years old, a native of Indiana, a
graduate of the Northwestern University
of Evanston and had served in the One
Hundred and Fifty-fourth Indiana Volun
teers during the civil war.
Colonel Ferris Forman.
STOCKTON, Feb. 11. — Colonel Ferris
Forman, who was In command of an Illi
nois regiment during the Mexican war. of
which he was the last surviving field of
ficer died here to-day at the age. of 94.
years: He was appointed District Attor
ney of Illinois by President Buchanan,
was the first Postmaster of Sacramento
and was Secretary of State under one of
thei earlier Governors. The deceased wa - s
the father of Mrs. J. D. Peters of this
city. ' :;:;^ ; ":":;V. r ¦';
Captain W. .H. A. Waldeck
Charged With Obtaining
Goods Fraudulently.
These examinations are open- to all students of one or more of the courses.
Candidates will be given three weeks in which to prepare their answers. Cer
tificates will be granted in each cou-se to students whose examination papers
rrtect the approval of a committee of examiners. Mail all papers to The Home
Study Circle, San Francisco Call. Mark all papers "Examination."
FORMER OFFICER
OF ARMY JAILED
Directions — Write with ink on white paper and on only one side of each- sheet.
The name and address of the candidate should be distinctly written at the top
of each sheet of examination paper Candidates writing upon more than one
course shouM mail their examinations in separate packages. Mall the sheets
without rolling and with as little folding as possible. See that, postage is fullv
prepaid. ~
The names of successful candidates will be arranged In three groups accord
ing to order of merit as follows: (I) 1 Excellent. (2) good. (3) fair.
1. A street one-quarter of a mile long is
to be paved with asphalt from curb to
curb, a distance of sixty-six feet. Find
the expense of paving at J2 80 per square
yard.
2. Find the value of x in the following
equation: 5
32-2x=ll-i-x
3. The circumference of a circle Is 21 »
feet 6 inches. Find the diameter.
4. Find the cost at bh> cents a square
yard of painting the walls and celling of
a triangular room showing the following
dimensions: Base 21 feet, perpendicular IS
feet, height 12 feet. „
5. Find the cost of excavating a cellar • -
feet long, 54 feet wide and 12 feet deep at
21 cents a cubic yard.
6. Find the accurate Interest on $1500 for
2 years 9 months and 15 days at 7 per cent.
V. Solve the folio wing, equation:
3(5x— TV- 2(7— 4x)= Ix— t(l+4x)+39.
8. Write rules showing how to use cor»
rectly the apostrophe in the use of posses*
slves.
9. What bookkeeping entries would you
make In r-ecordins the following transac
tions: Charles Brown failed to meet hii
note for £50 due to-day. He made a pay
ment o* J100 In cash and gave us a thirty
day note for the balance, adding to tin
face of the ncte $1 for interest. We hav«
Browns renewal accounted, the oan-4
Charg'o^ v.s 75 cents.
10. Goods nic Fold for S242O less a d!s
coint of 3o per ccit. T> i-er cent and s£ ivi
cent. "What i.» the net amount of the Will
11. A note for $25W> is dated January 5 a I
60 days. It Is discounted January 12 at <
per cent. Find the net proceeds (accuratt
interest).
12. Find the square root of 54736.
Examination Questions Covering All the
Lessons in the Night School
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, •1901.
Organization Is Rapidly Increasing in Membership and
Influence and Its Yearly Functions Are Social
CARMEN COMPLETE ARRANGEMENTS
FOR A ROUSING ANNUAL REUNION
OFFICERS OF THE OAKLAND CARMEN'S SOCIAL. AND BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. WHO, TOGETHER WITH MEM
BERS OF VARIOUS COMMITTEES, ARE PREPARING FOR THE ANNUAL REUNION TO BE GIVEN ON ST.
VALENTINE'S NIGHT AT REED HALL.
Still More Counterfeiting.
The Secret Service has unearthed another
b.ond of counterfeiters, and secured a Iar?i
quantity of bomis bills, which are ao cleverly
executed that the average person would never
suspect them of belns spurious. Things ot
great value are always selected for Imitation,
notably Hostetters Stomach Bitters, whlca
has many Imitators, but few equals for dt.i
orders * like Indigestion, dyspepsia, constipa
tion, nervousness and general debility. Always
go to tellable druggists who have the repu
tation of gtvlnc what you ask for.
Cl'g POPI3 AURE8TED.— Cub Pope, who In
"a fit r.t Jealousy ijearly killed Harry Arm
bruft. an Insurance av r.t. llvlni? at 18S1 Stock
ton street. January 31. wai arrested yesterday
at »be Hall of Justice and booked at the City
1'iU-a en a charge of assault to murder.
Lecture on Eastern Rambles.
ALAMEDA; Feb. 11.— Rev. Dr. T. J.
Lacey will lecture -In the parish hall of
Christ Church on Friday night under, the
auppices of the ladles of St. Agnes* Guild.
The subject will be "Rambles In Eastern
Cities." . .. -. \_ •
Death of Mrs. C. T. Johns.
C
9
; U only possible when joar
feet ire on the pedals, and behind the pedal*
the reliable
MORROW COASTER BRAKE
Adds one hundred per cent, to the pleasure of
cycling. Sold by all dealers. Booklet free.
Eclipse Ml». Co.. Maaofac'is, Elmin, N.Y.
For sale by all dealers ln bicycles
- and bicycle sundries.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
yiCTY
Best Natural Alkaline Water.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1901.
10
SAJV FRANCISCO CALL.
BUFIXEE9 OFFICE of. The Sin Fraadsco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night In th« year.
BTULXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery etreet.
co—it Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
roo Hayes etreet; open until 9:33 p. m.
CS3 McAllister fctreet; open until 8:M p. m.
CJ3 X_rk1a etreet: cpen until »:S0 p. m.
IM1 Mission etreet; open until 10, p. m.
ZX1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cr.tll S p. tn.
;rt Eleventh etreet: epen ontll 9 p. m.
3095 Valencia street: open until » p. m-
Xorthwest corner Twenty-second end K«n-
turky ftrpets: open until > p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
A F.EGULAR meetlnz of Jerba ._,
Buer.a Chapter No. 1. Rose Crolx. I
A. and A. Scott'.5h Rite of Free- « —^g — |
masonry, trill be held In Com- -"w?""^
mandery Hall. Maeoric Temple. m
en TUESDAY BVEKDCO. Keb- /I
ruary 31. 1901, at S o'clock. E>e- p
Frees Fifteen, Sixteen ar.1 Seven- LJ
- teen. JIENRY BURNER. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Charter No. 5. K. A. M ; . m
•Kill meet THIS (TUESDAY) EV'EN-^*^
ING. February 12. at 7:S0 o'clock. It. 7_3\
A. Degree. By order cf tbe H. P. ' ~ '
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. M. m
First Degree THIS (TUESDAY) _f%_
nVEXINC. at 7:30 o'clock. 7^J\
A. E. IlunBAnD. Secretary, fyr *
HERMAN Lodge No. 145. I. O. O. oSAS£>
r.— Officers and brothers cf the |g522Svj£
fureral committee are reepect-
fully r^afrt- " to assemble at I. "r " . |
O. 6. F. Hall TUESDAY. February 12. 12 m.. i
to atter.a the funeral cf our late •brother. IL
HAASHAGEN. By order of
GUSTAVE LOET. It G. ,
A. H. BRECKWOLDT. Secretary. j
OFFICERS anil membeis cf Court Twin "«*_?» j
P*ak« No. TXC. A. O. F.— You are <T?f !
kindly requested to attend the funeral JrV
of our deceased brother. ALFRED «* — J
H1SKLF/N. from his late residence. Twenty-
eighth ar.1 Polores s:s., on TUESDAY. Feb-
ruary — . at 1:33 p. m. , By crder
F. A. IRVING, C. R.
ALEX. SMITH. F. S.
XOTICE of rtoekho!d«Ts* meeting — A special |
meeting of t!:e etockhclders of the Honolulu
Supar Company is called fcr- nnd will b«
held at the office of the company. No. JJ7
Market *t_. San Francisco. Cal.. on MON-
DAY. February TS. 1«CL at 11:39 o'clock a. i
m.. for the purpose of considering a. propo- !
fltlon to dlrsnlve the corporation and to con- \
fifler Fuch ether b'islnees as may come be-
fcre the meeting. By crder of the President.
E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary Honolulu Sugar Company.
T>at*fl Fan Franc<sco. February 2. 1901.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS— Authentic and complete life of Queen
Victoria: outfit ready: send 10 cents for post-
!*£*•: host books: most liberal terms. R. R.
PATTrnSON. 4?3 Montgomery ft., city.
OITHN VICTORIA'S Life and Reisn; com-
plete: fully Illustrated ; Rgents save time and
freight: «»»nd us ten two-cent stamps for
outfit. The J. Dewing Co.. San Francisco.
ArtEXT. larpe income, as representative of
local manufacturer. Write to box 1616. Call.
ASrilALTlM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER. a?phalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. '186 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
= I
ATTORNEYS AT L.A1V.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
Tia fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. SZO Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK W. SMITH, mining and probate law a
specialty. Mills big., r. 3. 4th fir. ; tel. Red 3616.
ADVICE frp*>: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
DOARDI\G FOR CHILDREN.
RESPECTABLE German lady wishes to board
a rh'.ld not under 1 year old: references fur-
nished, til Natoma Et.; ring top bell.
LADY would like children to board; a nice
sunny fat; plenty good food and kept
clean. 372 Clementina st.
LADY would like 1 or 2 children to board;
good car-. EK3 Vallejo. Golden Gats. Oaklnd. I
HlSlMiSS CHANCES. ,
A— HOTEL about 30 miles from cHy, S3 rooms, !
dlnlng-r^oTn. kUehen. gas plant, livery stable, j
etc.: rrice $1000; cosh $2ZX>0; balance on mort- i
jrac: rare chance. Call R. O. WILKIE. I6'i 1
Keamy Ft. I
A— J25<v>: saJpFroom of buggies, surreys, phae- j
tons. rtc. new and second-hand: place estab. |
£ years; clearing ab"ut J400 p^r month; actu- j
al value about JlWiQ; investigate. R. G. j
WILKE. :r' 3 Kearny Ft. j
A— Jinon; PALOON pstab. mar.y years and good |
rayine; located close to Hall of Justice; full- j
e?t investigation solicited; this is a rare j
chance. Call K. G. WILKE. 26'i Kearny st. i
A— $:<X>: HALF Interest In one of the best sa- i
loons on wstrr frcr.t: partv must be honest j
tnd roc-i business man. Call It. G. WILKE. j
ithi Kearny Et. :
A— GENERAL merchandise etore: about 30 j
miles from B. F. : rstab. many years nnd do- t
Ing a first-class paying business: price 14000: j
a very rare rhence end fullest Investigation j
solicits!. Cali It. G. WILKE. C6VS Kearny.
A— tZZ'Ji; SALOON, few doers south of Market '
«.. : place kept by owner 12 years and is da-
ir.jr a (r^od business; sickness only cause of '.
sale; net rent fJl. Inquire R. G. WILKE. :
' iC>i Kearny st.
A— t'PO: CORNER butcher shop In northern]
part of city: rent JI0: horse, cart: Belling 4 :
cattle and about 15 sheep per week; a cash j
custom. Call B. G. WILKE. 56Vi Kearny Et. j
A-11200: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon I
close to Union Iron Works; rent $60; 4 years'
lease; /a first-class paying business; owner
must leave for X. T. to settle estate: inves-
tigate and make offer. R. G. WILKE, 26V4 1
Kparny Et.
PARTNER wanted In a large, old-established
profitable business, controlling a good. safe.
»ol!d and reliable traJff: owing to retirement
of fonr.er manager owner has decided to sell
en Interest to an acceptable party; duties \
will be the keeping of accounts and assist-
ing generally In the management of the bust-
rers: one accustomed to horses preferred:
capital required tSOOO to J10.000; full value Jn '
aight; books and business open fcr Investiga-
tion. J. W. Donnelly tt Co.. C32 Market Ft.
A partnership: profitable business: cash capital
required tZtQ; bal. ran be paid from profits.
' Particular* DOXXKLLY CO.. G32 Market. •
A— SALOON" iTirn, au<*r.tion— Saloon at a sacri-
fice this werk: fine fixtures, stock, etc ! good
trade. McLAUGHLIN. 777«4 Market st.
A-KM-CAXDV, stationery and cigar store;
full value; big trade. McLAUGHLIN 777>%
Ifarket st.
lla^-LAI'NTRT mute; good horse and wagon
MeLACCHUH & CO.. 77714 Market st.
A SNAP— Hcuse of 4 large rooms 16x20 each'
rent lrre; ground enough for 1000 chickens;
on shares. For full particulars apply to
JOHN FDER CO.. 22 Kearny St.. Room Hent-
a\ Rureau.
UONEV BBVV4 to buyers; fine openings !n gro-
ceries, saloons, cigar ftcres, hotels and other
businesses: Investigate.
G. W. SCHWLINHARD.
Phone Mint 1S11. 917 Market, bet. Cth & Cth.
%Vtt— Manufacturing business partner wanted;
Investigate; old-established; good chance for
acceptable party. Donnelly Co.. 622 Market.
"WANTED— Man with KDCO td engape In estab^
ll«h*d contracting business worth $7500 a year
c'.ear: money secured; good bonus given to
right man. S!l Emma Spreckels bldg.
CORNER cigar stand, doing fair business,
near Market Ft. : a bargain. Apply at 201
\Zllls st. Good reason for selling,
GOOD chance for a man with $390 capital to
po In the commission business: pays well
Call at <17 Davis tt.
FOn Bale — A fiBh and delicacy etore. Address
C M. W.. 34G Virginia «.. Vallejo.
, A PHOE etore In country for sale; account of
ffickness. Call at 28 Second St.; leather store.
JlTiO— CORNER saloon; no night r work; good
location: good reason ftr eelUns; no agents
Box i:T3. Cell office.
RICSTAURAXT and coffee raloon: daily re-
<VPirt« t.f»out t60. Cell at place. <10 Kearny.
I700-FOR eale. a nice rericurant. with cash
receipts of Jl! to 116 daily. becldM g weekly
ond monthly boarders, with 10 furnished
rooms: rent fre« for one year. Apply mi
Point Lottos ove.
OTTSIDE route en thU paper for sale. Apsly
Call nuslness Office.
AA--W00: GRAND opportunity for lady or Rent;
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notion*.
W&lting-room. S3d ave. station. 3". Oakland.
STATE rl»tht»: money-maklnK pat<snted In-
stantaneous freezer. S. fiWKANV. Frenclt
HoF^I«al.
AN enerrctlc partner with tiOOO to purchase
one-third Interest In a profitable mercantile
business. Address Confidential, box 1795, Call.
PROF. JOHN TILTON-Rheumatlsm. sprains
and bruises cured; iti years experience. Par-
rott bldg.. <th fir., roi, 47^-476; 10-12 m. l-» p.
FOR sale cheap— A complete patent brick
plcnt. Address Kldechour Brick Co., Hilton.
Ecnoxna County, Cal. . ¦ . t
BCSINESS CHAKCB5— CONTINUED. V
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
including sawmill, timber '.ands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teajns, etc
H. & F. L. COOPER. Kevada City. Cal.
$22,600— GOOD business property; steadily rented
$115 per month. Address box 1574, Call cfnce.
FOR Sale— Half-lr.terett !n patent automobile;
best oa record. Box 1530, Call office.
TOBACCO and dear store, with living; rooms;
established; price J4C0. Box 3S0O, Call office.
|5TiO-CANDY store; choice location. Call 927
Market, r. 309. 12 m. to 1 p. m.. and 5 to 5:10.
$30 WINS 1300 per month at races; reference*
given. Information Lyons, 921 Market, r. 4.
LARGE Inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business office.
CLASSIFED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FHlmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia tt,
LODGIAG-IIOUSKS FOR SALE.
FOR SALE-LODGING-HOUSES
HOTELS. BOARDING-HOUSES
FLATS AND PRIVATE HOMES
From 3 to 250 Rooms •
Prices from $50 to J20.000
Payments to suit. Give me a call
Money to loan at lowest rate
Call. I can suit you
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, rooms 1 and 2,
rear Call bldg. tel. Black 1S03. Money to lean.
37 rooms: rent |K5: Income $350 J2000
17 rooms: light, eunny; money makers 1000
17 rooms; rent $60; clears tS5 month 600
9 rooms: central: paying house 350
A— COUNTRY hotel. In best mining town In
California. J2000. For all particulars call on
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., r. 1-2. to-day.
60 ROOMS: newly furnished: rent ?150 ."..$3000
20 rooms; Van Ness: finely furn.; extra... 950
V> rooms, J450; io rooms, quick 850
Grand bargain; 14 rooms; 6teady roomers;
clears fC5 over all expenses; fine furniture;
fine carpets. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
2<) rooms; rent $C5; part cash $650
IC rooms: rent $41; Bee It SCO
36 rooms: rent J40; part cash 1G00
07 rooms: corner: rent 1150 3000
WINSTON & WOLF. 1016 Market et.
LODGING-HOUSES— Sizes and prices to suit all
buyers: titles guaranteed; money loaned buy-
ers; before buying call.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market et., bet. 6th & Cth,
CALL and see our list of bargains In houses:
¦we have them In any part of the city and at
nr.y price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28
Sixth st.
$400— LODGING house; 16 rooms; full of perma-
nent roomers; bargain 'on account of other
bUFineFe. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market.
BUYING and selling lc dglng-houses. business
places a specialty; hcurs 2 to 4. HAYNES,
11 City Hall square.
J24O— 11 ROOMS: fine location: well furnished;
all rented: low rent. BASILE, 3 Eddy Et.
BARGAIN; 10 rooms; a money-maker; see It.
137 O'Farrell St.
13-ROOM house; fine location; well furnished;
full; going away. Box 1531. Call office.
JSOO— 18 ROOMS: bay-window; rent J44; pays
well: always full; going away. Box 1781, Call.
TO buy or sell business chances or lodging-
houses see ANDREW PRICE. 30 Kearny et.
SPIRITUALISM.
KARL EBERHARDT: tests to-night and
Wednesday. 2 p. m. 32.'0 Twenty-second St.,
between Mission anj Valencia.'
SPIRITUAL meeting to-night: convincing test
readings, l to 5 p. m. 123S Howard; Mrs.
Maxwell.
MRP. HARLAND'S test circle to-night: articles
read 10c; business readings daily. 143 Sixth.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat., 10c. 14S Sixth. 2d floor.
MRP. DUNHAM. 14 McAllister Et.. room 83;
circles to-day, 2 and S p. m. : sittings dally.
MRS. LESTER— Readings. f.«c: circle every eve
ex. Sat., 10c; devel. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer;
repdings daily. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium, healer
and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; COS McAllister ft.; 10c; come, skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S trumpet and materlalltlng
seance. 10S4 Bush 5tv M cents.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, removed to 139 Taylor St.;
•materializing Tuesday eve.; 50c.
EARLE, 305 Taylor St.. corner Ellis— Sittings
dally; seance Sunday. Tuesday and Thursday.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus.medium.llfe
reader, medical clairvoyant. 1164 p'Farrell.
C. Mayo-Steers. ::"% Oak St., trance medium;
readings Jl: hours 1-5 p. m. : tel. Howard 527.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
M<-y»r: fitting* dailv: te«ts to nil to-nlgM:10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
iiiiE. m. Bernard!
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, 17 Third St.,
next Examiner building. She reads your life
correctly, gives an accurate description of the
past, reveals the present happenings and por-
trays events to occur in the future. If you are
tn trouble, discontented, unhappy or not satis-
fled In life, or have domestic, love or business
troubles, consult this great medium and you
will be told hovr to overcome them. Valuable
advlre In all affairs of life; :5c up; perfect sat-
isfaction guaranteed.
: CONSULT the Quaker medium and palmist; she
: will reuntte you with your loved one; her ad-
vice can be relied upon In all business affairs.
i sales of property, oil. mines and lawsuits: do
you want a better position? Call and learn how
I to ret It. MRS.E.SANDERS.1104 Market, r. 2S.
: MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is .permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket rt.. corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 23
I and 16; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
I guaranteed by mall; eend stamp for pam-
j rhlet with special terms. Dally and. Sunday.
I MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight:
diagnoses disease with life reading; lidles 50c,
Rents I 1 : palm, and clalr. «lt. $1 50. J26 Turk.
! ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
! palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
1 Cth: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
\ MME. LAR<">SE. best clairvoyant, card rearer.
I free tests 2.'c up. 472 Stevenson «t., cor. Sixth.
i MME. ZF.REDA. the gvpsy. Is the great palm-
! 1st and card reader: I5c. 7 Seventh Ft.. . ¦
j MME. HANSON, palmistry, c.ird reader: past.
present, future 2".c. 141 Sixth St.. room 14.
] MM IS ?CHAFFHR. clairvoyant, card reader;
I sittings dally. 44«'i Jessie st.. bet. 5th & Cth.
; MRP. VALEHN. palmist, clairvoyant, card
r»adpr ar.d majcnrtle healer. 215 Leavenworth.
! MRS.. Melvill. weil-krrwn clairvoyant, water
j rrnr*er. 11. 6th -.German spoken :tel.floward 1R46.
i MRP. B. BAUMAN. the well-known fortune
i teller, has remnvpd to 222 Eddy st. •
'< MMK. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
I palmistry: truth or nj pay: 2r,e. 1119 Mission.
; MRS. E. M DUVAL. clairvoyant, business me-
i dii:m; mining a specialty. 215 Kearny, r. 8-10.
| MME. SYRILLE -Cradle to grave; future hus-
j bard's picture ?."><¦•: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
j MME. RAVENNA read? life fluently; business
¦ rtriro: rwn rlv»n: ?> m. R Fourth «t.
| CARPET PBATTOQ AXD CLEANING.
i WHEN you become, disgusted with poor work
send to KPAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
I lr.K Works. 2j3-3j7 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
i CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard, laid at 6c
I gTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth rt. : tel. Jesgle 844.
I J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating: Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning CO.. 402 Butter «f:
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carppt-Ceatlng Works. 233 Golden
Gate nve. ; telephone East 1-6. '
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunl-jns. Ingrown nails, warts, chll- i
blalns; -painless. cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION' OFFICES.
< CEORCE W. KELLY'S Agency— No chanWUn-
letss successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
, COTTAGES TO LET.
j FOR sale or to let— A nice cottage; 1814 Ba-
ker st. Inquire at 911 Sutter st.
J 9 TEHAMA, near First— Cottage 6 rooms, yard.
j etc.: very central: rent low.
$2S— FL'RNISIIKO cottage. 6 rooms and bath;
nice garden. 722 Shotwell. het. 21st and 22d.
DENTISTS. ~
EIGHT prises for best crowns, plates, bridges
and filling?; extractions or fillings, by :ny
. wonderful secret, painless method ; 20 years'
I experience; no students; advice free; prices
! cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
i | DR. GEORGE XV. LEEK. 10 O'Farrell et.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1H3 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from JS per set; extracting. tOc; gas given. .
THE New York Dentists have moved . to 969 '
Mission et.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crpwns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive pilnless txtractlon. Me
; DENTISTS.
AT t^WLECI^'D^?Alj"^lKi&MTi&&
ket et. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; cold crowns,
*3 CO up; plates, extractions free, $450 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. Bee our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for ?0 years; crowns. |3 50; fillings, 50c; plates.
$5. full set: all work palnlecs and warranted.
Chicago T>nt3l Parlors. 24 Sixth at. ¦__.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. 14; crowns. $3; fillings. 2»g.
DR. H. O. TRUEMAN. dentist*, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market Et., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
EDUCATIONAL.
EVENING SCHOOL. S. F. BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market «t.; Individual Instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil service coaching: tuition $5 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market Bt. x
AYRES' Business- College, 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; $8' per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; t«legraphy, penmhpshlp, etc.; posi-
tions secured for graduates; catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher Of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St..
S. F— Eookkeeplng. shorthand, typing, lan-
• guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions: new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to It by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkln St.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR. oxp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MINING school of H. Hlrschlng, 334 Kearny St.,
open; day and eve. classes; chemistry, llxlva-
tlon. mineralogy, geology, coal oil -formation.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mlnlng.mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. ; est. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN* SCHOOL. 933 Market.
PIANO lessons given at low rates; harmony
and thorough baas also taught. Box 15S8. Call.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, • club prac-
tice. Merkl. reliable teacher, 10C8 Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. j $5 mo, 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON 1 S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine St.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office; best
help turn.; domestic servants; work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 878.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Poet St.; tel. Bu?h 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office:
best help. E26 O'Farrell Et. ; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 8188.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California: phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter;tel. Black 6072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Bept help. ilVA O'Farrell et. ; tel. East 426. '
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation In Insti-
tution; city rcf. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
GERMAN cook desires situation; small restau-
rant or coffee parlor; also German woman
wants a position as working housekeeper;
good reference. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
A WOMAN, with references, desires to bo
employed half days at washing or house-
work; terms 60 cents. Address Box 1398, Call.
TWO Scandinavian girls wish places for gen-
eral housework; small families: wages $20
and $25. Address 255 Lexington ave.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman with little
girl 3 years old wants place to work; small
wages. MRS. L., 4074 Stevenson st.
EXPERIENCED nurse would like to take full
charpre of Infant or two children; best city
references: no postals. 10 Wetmore place.
WOMAN' wishes light cooking and housework
In family of adults; no washing: Call at 409
Minna St., near Fifth.
RELIABLE girl wishes position; general
housework and cooking. Ad. . 132 Clara st.
A COMPETENT Swedish girl wants a position
to do housework; best of reference. Call at
1714 Octavla st.
WOMAN would like situation to do chamber
work or light housework. Call 803 Turk st.
ALL-AROUND cook and help: can take chef's
place or full charge of kitchen; English,
French or German cook; first-class pastry;
first-class hotel references. 212 Natoma 6t.
A WOMAN wishes to go out by the day wash-
Ing or housecleanlng. Call at 615 McAllister.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation to do
housework In small family; good cook; no'
cards. 1303 Howard st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. washing,
housecleaning or washing windows. 1206
Folsom Et.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 10 night. $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
WOMAN would like to do work by the day
or for 3 or 4 hours. 146 Eleventh »t.. room 10.
YOUNG woman wishes to do housework In
- good family. Apply 1263 Broadway, nr. Hyde.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia et.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore »t.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
NATIVE- open for engagement; salesman;
manager; commissions; road experience; ref.;
bonds. Box 1598, Call office.
WOULD like to drive for private family; well
experienced. 171 Collln St., off Geary.
YOUNG married man desires position as ship-
ping clerk." bill clerk or assistant at books;,
experienced: geed reference. Address Box
15S3. Call office.
SITUATION, by m4ddle-aged man; work about
Erivate place; good gardener; take.-caro
orse; raise vegetables; refs. Box 1596, Call.
CARPENTER, first-class; good millwright:
wants to work for some company: steady
worlc preferred to high wages. Box 1599, Call.
SOBER, steady, middle-aged man wants situ-
ation In email hotel, boarding-house or res-
taurant as dishwasher or kitchen hand. Ad-
dress box 1C75. Call office.
COLLEGE man having experience as collector
end salesman seeks position in some mer-
cantile line offering opportunity for advance-
ment: highest city references. Box 1577, Call.
YOUNG man wishes position In a furniture
Louse as drummer or clerk; speaks German
. nd Spanish; ten years'' experience; good ref-
erences. Box 1521. Call office.
A STEADY sober married German wishes posi-
tion of any kind; handy with tools; a good
former; could take care of private place or
ranch; reference. Box 1C2C, Call office.
WANTED — Position by experienced ¦ (male)
stenographer and typewriter. Address box
1S20. Call office. ,,. -
GOOD all-around house painter, papercr, tlnte-.
etc., wants steady work; country preferred; 5
years' In one shop. Box 1407. Call office.
STEADY, sober young man nanti situation; 4
years' experience at printing; would like to
learn electrical manufacturing. Box 1502, Call.
TENOR soloist and choirmaster wants posi-
tion in church. Box 1C".3. Call office.
. a BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubecrlptlons has been established fit 1096
i Valencia Ft. - '
. | FLATS TO LET.
TO LET— New flats on Buchanan st, between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.; 6 and 6
rooms and bath; all the latest improvements
Apply G. II. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
'• TO LET — Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent {10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply O. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
: 14 Montgomery et. . ¦ -
. I A CLEAN, sunny flat of C rooms and bath;
' bay-window: J18 with water. 10% Rlngold St.,
oft Eighth, between Folsom and Harrison.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
' ! from BALDWIN &HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
! LARGE flat reasonable. Apply S20V& Jessie str.
• off Ninth. -¦¦¦¦,> . ' - .:
s LEAVEN WORTH. 1519ft-Flat of 4 rooms; gas
' and bath; rent $15; sunny side.
• LOWER flat of 3 rooms. 1238 Bush St., near
1 ' Larkln: rent- 111. -
; i MCALLISTER,.. 1245,, between Fillmore and
Stelner— Upper flat, 6 rooms and bath;. $23.
¦ j__ gXATS TO *ET-— FURWISHED^^
FLAT to rent; furniture for Bale? new and
elegant; 7 rooms and bath. Key room 123
Murphy building. 1236 Market st.
• FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
- FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st.
PURMTPRE3 FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $43 60. with-No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR sale— Furniture of 7-room house. 132
Turk et. . . -•
FURNITURES WANTED.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent,1305 Larkln; tel. Polk 634;
furniture & furn'd housea bought: spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W. E. Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red S353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your • furniture, - carpets,
pianos, etc. 11S5 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. "VVOLLPERT. 773 Mission st.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red !*><!
HELP WAKT12D — FE-dALB.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Oi"ant 183
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT .-.
¦ Waitresses for first-class hotel, Los Angelen.
free fare $20
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 1M Geary Bt.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
2 waitresses, short distance In country. $20,
fare advanced; waitress, north. $20, fare paid;
12 waitresses, hotels, city and country, $20;
2 chambermaids, south $20; cleaner. Institu-
tion, $20; 3 chambermaids to wait. $20; wait-
ress, restaurant. $30; 5 restaurant waitresses,
$7 and $S a week; girl to do sewing and run
mangle, $20 ¦
• •• FAMILY DEPARTMENT «.
French housekeeper. $30; cooks, houseglrls,
second girls, nurseglrls, city and country,
good wages.
C. R. HANSEX » CO.. 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ....
8 more waitresses. Southern California, $20;
2 waitresses, country, $25 and $22 50; 6 wait-
resses, country $20; 4 waitresses, city, $20;
chambermaid to wait, $20; 2 chambermaids,
$18 and $20; woman cook, plain boardlng-
house, $25; 3 restaurant waitresses, $7; 2
lunch and dinner waitresses, $3. no Sunday
work.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
French second girl, $25; houseglrl, American
family. $25; 2 second girls, $20; cooks and
" liousegfrls, $20 and $25; German girl, Oakland.
$20; young girls, $15.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 835 Geary st.
PRACTICAL Millinery School; established 12
yrs.; trade taught; class now forming; t«nns
easy; references given. 1107 Van Ness ave.
A— GOVERNESS who can teach music for
frown children; country; good wages. Ad-
dress with references, box 1595, Call office.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
lng. 305 Scott st.
GIRL for plain cooking and help mind chll-
dren; wages $12. 38S6 Seventeenth st.
GIRL for light housework. Call at 611V& Capp
St., near Twentieth.
GIRLS wanted. St. Nicholas Laundry, Seven-
teenth and Folsom sts. >
LADY typesetter for occasional work; state
wages. Box 1585, Call office.
OPERATORS wanted on wrappers. ; Apply
JUDA BROS.. 109 Battery Bt.
YOUNO girl to assist with housework and
care of two children. 826B Fulton et.
APPRENTICE 1 wanted for the corset trade;
will be paid what they are worth. MRS.
FORD. B31 Post et.
WANTED— A lady with experience as sales-
lady In bakery; German preferred. Box
1537, Call.
GIRL for light housework. 3627 Seventeenth
street. . '.
A YOUNG lady for bookkeeping; must have
some experience. Apply 2S05 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED apprentice and girls on cus-
tom coats; paid while learning. 126 Russ Bt.
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted at 1007 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED— A competant girl for second work
and assist with waiting; reference required;
call from 1 to 2. 142L Butter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman: plain cooking and
light housework. Apply 515 Pacific Bt., alter
1 p. m.
A YOUNG girl to wait at table; $13 per month;
call early. 195 Tenth st.
WANTED-A first-class waitress at 204 Sixth
street.
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home.
C23 Halght st.
WANTED — Young girl for light housework; 2
in family. 516 Lombard st.
WANTED— Girl who understands machine sew-
ing. Apply at 6 Geary St., upstairs.
GIRL for light housework and plain cooking;
sleep home. 3103 Flllmore st.
WANTED— Chambermaid and waitresses. Ho-
tel Repeller, 781 Sutter st.
A NURSEGIRL wanted. Apply 1836 Sutter Bt.
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 1170
Market st., room 36.
WANTED— Finishers and apprentices on pants.
268 Minna at.. S..F.
A YOUNG girl wanted for light housework and
care of children. 1404 Grove st. f
WANTED— A competent person to do cham-
berwork and waiting; references required.
Apply at 1910 Washington st.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted. • WEMPD
BROS.' Paper Box Factors'. 127 Mission Bt.
WANTED— First-class pants finishers. 2229 VJ
Mission St.; only first class.
GIRL for light housework. Apply at 1134 Turk
street.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts and overall* at GREENE-
BAUM, WEIL & MICHAELS. 531 Mission.
WANTED— Refined, well woman, willing to
learn and assume responsibilities. Box 1546
Call office.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 541 Market st.
FINISHERS on coats and pants and operator
on pants. D41 Market st.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
in factory. 723 Market St., room 33.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' •
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.. Phone Main E84S
leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT, 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Miners .: ;...' Miners
3 machine miners, see boss here.$S2 50 and fd.
2 miners, - machine work, large gold mine;
see boss here; fare paid.... $2 75' day and fd.
2 farmers i $20
Farmer and milk, steady Job $2.">
Choreman $25
Man and wife, ranch and dairy on shares
Butler and wife $49
Stableman i $25
Woodchoppers and tie makers, tools fur-
nished.
MURRAY '& READY ..634-636 Clay st.
A — COOK for mining boardlnjj-house, no bread
or pastry work $50 and fd.
Waiter, north, $25; cook, city hotel, $10; dish-
washers and kitchen help. $20 to $30.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 185
15 colored coal miners, married and single,
for first-class mine; fare advanced* see party
here. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104,
Geary st. .
25 COAL m'ners, married and - single; good
wanes: good mines; see party here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary t;. •
AT a R. HAXSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 185
Head laundryman for flrst-eln*s country ho-
tel: second barkeeper for Hrst-cIa'Bs. hotel,
south; pastry cooks, • bakern . for hotels and
shops $50 and $C0; houseman, country hotel,
$20; neat porter for country hotel. $S5; but-
termaker and milker, $35; ? pruners, $1 a day
and board. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
A— "WANTED
4 farmers, same ranch, steady place. $20;
German or Swiss milker, $30; dry milker,
small string, $25; Irishman for coal and feed
yard, good teamster. S30 and found; pruner
for vineyard. $26; grafter for orchard «nd
vineyard, $26; choreboy and milk, $15;
.German third-hand- baker, $30 and found;
waiter, $3 a week; : woodchoppers, tie and
post makers. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay st. ¦-..¦..-¦. '
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union —
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583.. I. LESS,. Secretary.
WANTED— Young man for office work; must
have had some experience in billing, collect-
Ing, etc. ; write a good . hand and quick ' at
figures; state reference and experience. Box
1594. Call office. •
WANTED— A boy under 20 -to run an electric
elevator in a wholesale house: must live with
his parents; ref. required. .Box 1592. Call. _
BOOKKEEPER, single and double entry;
Kood correspondent and typewriter; ref; state
salary; permanent' position. ¦ Box 1587,- Call.
WANTED— Experienced pressboy. .Apply 141
Fremont st. / • , ' , ' *• \
6 TEAMSTERS > at once; $1 75 per day. . Cal.
Emp. Agency,' 59 Third ' st. : - phone Red SI.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man to Join me In
email restaurant: $30 month: must have some
¦ cash; no experience required. Apply 496 4th.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 920 Howard 8t.
TWO painters: non-union: no office fees. ME-
CHANICS' REGISTRATION BUREAU, .410
Kearny «t» ¦ . •. -
BARBER ehop for sale cheap; 8 living-rooms.
1612% Folaom St.. near Twelfth.
WANTED— A lunch waiter at 223 Brannan
• street. ' - _-
BARBERS— A complete 3-chaIr outfit for salo
cheap. Apply M2 Larkln st. •_
BARKEEPER, German; none but good recom-
mended men need call; call after 9 a_ m. 1003
Market st. - ;
STRONG boy, for tailor shop. 83 Third st.
"WANTED — No. 1 carpenter: union man. 1008
Howard at.. 8 a, m. -_
BOY wanted at Bauer's Lamp and Reflector
- Co.. S2S MlsElon st- ¦ ' ' ¦
GOOD male operators wanted on custom coats.
Apply room 64. 40 Kills St.
WANTED— Bookkeeper; Btate age, experience
and where last employed. Address box 208S,
Call office. Oakland. ,-~
•WANTED— A porter. Apply 19 Powell st.
4- CHAIR barber shop for sale; cheap rent; ac-
count sickness. 759H Howard st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: Ko
to 60c 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d «ts.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
S. Navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of Rood
character, between the ages of 21 and 513; not
less, than 6 feet -4 Inches and not over S feet
1 inch Jn height: able to read, write and
speak English. For further Information ap-'
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
et.. Ban Francisco. Cal.
MEN — Our catalogue explains how we teach
the barber trade in two months, saving two
years: mailed free; we have no 6c shop In
connection with our college. Moler's Barber
"College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Kd Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25o per night; $1 to |2 per week.
WANTED— Competent stationer's clerk; appli-
cant must etate experience and salary ex-
pected. Box 1528. Call office.
BRIGHT 'men of good address; money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
9 a. m. at S02 Post st.
UNDERPREPSERS on coats and vests. BE-
LASCO & HARRIS CO., G41 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop down town: good
trade; sacrifice. D. STOLTZ. 636 Market st.
"WANTED— Graduate o'ptlcian: Al refractloa-
lst; $150 per month. Box 1505, Call office.
2-CHAIR shop for sale cheap; doing godd busi-
ness. -¦ Inquire 394 Sixth st.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, sliphtly damaged, half,
• price. 5C2 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm, 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN' 8. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; "CO rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for-Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C93
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109C
Valencia st.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth Ft.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers..
LARGE dray and driving horses. Just from
country; well matched and yoontr. Apply at
1523 Howard St.. PENN. STABLES.
GENTLE young horse, 5 years old, fine cart
nnd harness for eate at 1503 Church St., near
Twenty-seventh.
STRONG bugry hors 1 ; and harness; $50. In-
quire at W. H. DAVIS*. 41? Twenty-ninth St.,
after 0 a. m.
FOR Sale— A stylish pair of coach horses. 1523
California st.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
THREE fast road horses; also some good
business horses at 721 Howard st.
FOR sale — A Studrbakcr carriage In fair con-
dition. Box 15S9, Call office-.
JJO— TOP buggy, piano box; nearly new; bar-
gain. 632 Market st., room 6.
FOR SALE— Part Jersey "cow and calf, six
days old. 238 Corbett ave., near Danvers.
A— 100 SETS secend-hand .harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsoro.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wasron. tnr i>ale ch^art. 532- Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. II. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BROADWAY, 1832, near Lamina— Eight rooms,
bath, laundry: marine view; rent $43.
8 ROOMS and bath, basement and yard. 2231
Mission Ft., near Nineteenth.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
CALIFORNIA. 1711. near Van Ness — 10-room
house, furnished. Call bet. 1 and 2 p. m.
ELEGANT sunny furnished flat for rent or fur-
niture for sale cheap. 430 Eddy Ft.
HOl'SB ' CLBAMXO.
JAPANESE House Cleaning C<S.. estab. 1SW;
.removed to 419 T>v««nd»ro «t.. tet. F»ll 1M.
INVALID FURNITURE.
INVALID furniture and appliances; saleor"rent;
F. GOODBAN. 1117 Van Ness ave.. nr. Post st.
lost ANn'iroujVD.
LOST— Gold pin; three hearts In one; forget-
me-nots; reward. G. M. CUMMINO, 149
Crocker building.
LOST — Sunday evening, silver wire rose brooch,
on GouRh, Octavia or Geary; valued as keep-
Bake; finder please return to 127 Oak St., and
receive reward.
LOST— On Howard St.. bet. Nineteenth and
Twentieth. Feb. 10. bunch of keys; reward;
return to 224 Capp st.
LOST— Sunday, gold chain with ring attached:
$2 M reward. Office Golden Gate Cloak and
Suit House.. 1230 Market st.
LOST — Gold watch; Inscription, from mother to
Mamie, Christmas. 1S93; reward $15. 2702 20th.
LOST— Silver purse and chatelaine pin; Initials
M. J; L. ; reward. 1317A Flllmore st. *¦-
FOUND — Brindle bull pup; owner can have
same by proving property and paying ex-
penses. II.' McGLAELAN. 233 Second st.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O.'Nolte,
Jeweler. 2 IS O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market ft.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2C0O Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1003
Valencia st. - ' *.-¦"•,;---.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS. .
M^TTRESslinrXND^:^^
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed: fine up-
holstery: expert carpet-cleaninc and laying.
HOl'KE nnOS., SJS and 320 Kleventh St.
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 1223 Market, the well-
known ladles' specialists; 32 years' practice:
perfectly Sellable; a positive cure guaranteed
at office; patients treated can return, same
dav: those wishing to treat themselves should
send for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
MENT: a sure cure; Kive3, instant relief; harm-
less; any one can use it; stamp for circular..
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ; expert on
diseases of women, has returned from Eu-
rope: a treatment guaranteed to give Instant
relief for any ailment: safe and reliable; 10
years in Q. C. Hospital. • London; practiced in
S. • F.' " etnre 1SS4; maternity home; fee low.
1007% MnritPt street.' near Sixth.-
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, moved to 1013 Market,
opp. 5th: world-renowned ladies' specialist;
safe, reliable: practiced in San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully:'
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all others fail call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladles' physician: S3 year*'
successful practice: positive cure guaranteed"
when others fall consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETII. reliable specialist: 23 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office: any ailment: home for t>ati<?nt«: mn-
BUlt free. 341 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln;
MRS. DR. ALLEN— Removed to 1118 Market,
bet. Taylor and Mason; ladies' specialists
MINKS ASD MINING. . ~
MINES bought ard sold; also stocks in mines
and oil companies. Prof. John Tllton. * M7S-
: 47S. , 4th" floor. Parrott bldg. : 10-12. 1-3. ¦ ' . •
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 18S7: reliable & eon-
fldentlal ; lists. 10c. MRS. HERTZ. ?0« Ellis.
MARRIAGE bureau.; est. 1876; reliable; con-
fidential lists, 10c. 323 Kearny at., ma, 5-4.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAS. 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters
' linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon o-tflta on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready m»4e-
we can ship everything In 24 hours. j
NOONAN. 1017, 1019, 1021, 1023 Misston st '
above Sixth; write, for catalgoue.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for to down and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and price
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, -409 California.
- st. ; rentals, new machines, S3 per month.
A— BUYS, sells . or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys
etc. WHITELAff. 216 Spoar St.
A SOLID silver fly-back Chronograph watch,
warranted in first-class condition, for 110
UNCLE HARRIS, 13 Grant ave.
FOR sale — 50,000 feet second-hand lumber at
foot of Second St.; old soap works.
CIGAR factory outfit for sale: tables, molds,
presses, etc. Inquire at 31S Sansome st.
A — 20-TON Howa wagon scale; compound
beam. Apply at 216 California st.
40 II. P. boiler and engine complete cheap; can
be seen running. 204 Mission st.
A 15 AND 25 H. P. boiler; 8 II. P. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE. 13S Beaie st.
1 BARNES 8-in. swing lathe; 13 H. P. Hercules
gasoline eng. ; 1 No. 3 Dow pump. C34 Mission.
ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery St.. sell
at low figures all makes 2d-hand typewriters.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
2D-HAND steam. ga». oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. 516 Misston.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE IIER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and :d-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes.' THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
MISCELLAXEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Small safe In good ordsr; Inside
about 17x12x12. Box 1584. Call office.
WANTED— A coupe or brougham cheap for
cash. Box 1590. Call office.
A— KLEIN pays best price for clothing, brtc-a-
brae. old gold. 109 Sixth st.; phone Jessie 141.
LADIE8' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &
sold. Bllverman. 984 Folsom; trt. Fol»<xn 1191.
MO.\KV TO LOA.V.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lo!?e
their friendship; do l>us!.nes»s with strangers
and you will "be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount- at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84$ Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates: chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erls. J. BROWNSTONE, 11 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place ta borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HEoTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room SS.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
J1C0.00O TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. Home Bid?. Co., 222 Sansome. rm. 2.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs* city, country: 6%. undi-
vided ints.; estates. JfARPER.397 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building. t ;
MONEY to lean on furniture by prtvte party;
low rate., 917 Market st., room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 6C3 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
rtorser. S. F. Discount Ager.i — 143 Pheian big.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
AT wholesale — 100 new pianos till March 1.
$1S8 up. Greatest offer ever mads In San
Francisco in prices and terms.
1 Steinway, all uprights.- ; SH
1 Novella 62
1 Hallet & Davis 439
1 Haines . 143
1 Chickering 240
We handle all makes. Agents for some, of
the oldest pianos In existence— Hallet & Davis.
Behr Bros.. Jewett. etc.: agents wanted.
HEINE PIANO COMPANT, 217 Geary st.
ON sale— Steinway upright, $1SS. 217 Geary st.
room 26.
WANTED— Agents every town: write catalogues
and Drices. Heine Piano Co.. 217 X3eary st.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
• within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for i~> cash and
IG per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for *3. $4 and *5 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers, cor-
"ner Kearny and Sutler »ts., San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st., Oak-
land.
IF its bargains you want, read these prices:
Good square. XJO: French upright, small size,
$1CO: beautiful walnut Merleton, two fine
Decker & Son, almost like new. and other
bargains that we will show you when you
call. MAUVAIS* MUSIC CO.. 769 Market at.
SIEGEL plays the "Regal."
'The ." 'Regal' Is best." says Slegel.
And you want the best mandolin If you have
any at all: you want a "Regal."
We are agents for the "Regal" guitars and
mandolins.
MAUVAIS' MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLKR & CHASE'S. 26.
23 anJ CO O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all otlier musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible dene to please and satisfy the
customer.
E ORGANS, from $25 to J60.
3 second-hand pianos, from $73 to $143.
4 new uprights from $150 to $195. »
Guaranteed: easy payments. BENJAMIN
CURTAZ & SON, 16-1S-2O O'Farrell St.:
Chickering agency.
A FINE stock of high-grade pianos at reduced
prices; a magnificent upright. $123. must sell;
nice upright, $75. J. DEWING CO., 12 Flood
building. S. F.
A BOXA-FIDE cleaning out removal sale of
second-hand pianos at low auction prices, $20
up (this week only). WILSON'S Storage, 1710
Market st.
WANTED — Five good square pianos for coun-
try schools. BYRON MAUZY. SOS Post »t.
PARTY going East must sacrifice fine standard
make upright piano. 334 Golden Gate ave.
$75 — FINE upright piano. Factory, corner
Market. Fourteenth and Church sts.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. HardmanTcon-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co., 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold: nice uprleht piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St., next Htb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 21C McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy, Gabler and Speilman Pianos. 308 Post:
SPECIAL SALE— Immense reductions; se« our
leader, only «00. BRUENN, 203 Tost st.
3-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain; owner
leaving city. 22C3 Mission st.
AT KEEFFE'F, 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
r!ghts at your own price. Shoninger agency.
BEST rent stock in city; new Dlanos. $3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. SCO Hayes ft.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. - H.
- JIULLKlt. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
postage paid. -
OFFICES AXD STOKES TO LET.
CORNER store— West corner FeurtlTand'perTy
ets. ; occupied as grocery and bar for past 30
years; rent ?3>: water free. Apply to U. H
UMBSEN g CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT furnished front rooms, sunny; new
.flat: physician or dentist. 430 Eddy st.
TWO offices and a showroom to let. Apply at
16 Second gt. ;
CHEAP,' light offices. Emma Spreckels build-
ing. 927 Marfcet «t.
OIL.
THE charter subscription list for tb« Gold
Standard Oil Producing Company will be open
for one week commencing Monday morning,
the 11th. and will close Saturday. 12 o'clock
noon, at the offices o" Mr. Sylvain Salomon,
Investment broker, end the Fidelity Real
Kstate Company. 207 Montgomery st.. S. F.
This charter list Is a ground floor proposition -
and worthy of Investigation. The property
la in Kern River an 1 Sunset districts. Apply
Immediately.
SSOO SHARES of Occidental Oil Company of
West 'Virginia for *aie; cheap. Inquire 4aS
Thirty-eighth st-. Oakland. CaL
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMEER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGB.
Country correspondence solicited.
2500 ACRES oil land; JS to *300O per acre. W.
C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood building.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE. j-
KEHX River; proven territory; line of R. B.
Newton. Carmen & Somes, r. 104, Chronicle.
PAI.VTEIIS AXP DECOKATOK9.
"Wall paper window shades: rooms papered. $3
up. Jensen & Bath. 303 Sixth; open evenings.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOPSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor «t.. bet. Qeary and Post; tel. Black 5*1.
pa rtsers wAyyjgp.-
PARTNER wanted for half-Interest In good-
paylnu meat market: only-those meanlns busi-
ness n»«.<i answer; JCOO cash required. Box
lool. Call office.
A ?p^ C ?v fr<N!: no charge unless successful.
GEO. p. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner bljr.
PERSONALS.
WILL MR. ARNOLD OARLITZ call up telo-
phone Dana fr.q. North Eerkeley?
GENTLEMAN of 3-5. with a fair Income,
wishes to correspond with an honest Ameri-
can Protestant working K t r i; obiaet. matrl-
mony; all letters ans-.vered. Box 13i7. Call.
IF you want to be successful in all your aKatr*
and bring health, happiness, love and all that
is sood ivlthln your reach, you must learn
how to influence p<»opie: I will teach you
how. MRS. VALEEX. 215 Leavenworth Bt.
ON and after this date I win not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted In my name*,
unless previously approved by my wife, and
thereafter Indorsed by. the undersigned
CHA3. E. BOWEN.
NOTARY to acknowledge pension papers after
6 p. m. In hotel. Tuesdays and Friday nights;
' state terms. Box KkSJ. Call office.
RHEUMATISM— Have you got It? I can cur»
you: no charge unless cured. Write or apply
16C0 Turk Bt.
SPRINO styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1C21 Market st. nr. Sixth.
A— $3 40 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatt«rs. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINK suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 13
ycar»' experience. • J. B. RAY. 857 Jessie st.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Tb'.rd »t.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; 11 50 to J8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from tha ferry.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, threo-quarter
or double. *2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
MACHINE turning, metal spinning, brass fln-
lshlng & models made. A. Graff. 10 Stevenson.
HEALTHY boy or girl baby for adoption. MR3.
DR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and mole* destroyed with
electric needle. MIS3 EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'3 French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; SI; at all druggists.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
PHYSICIANS AXD Sl'RCKOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and r-sldeneel
lKf4 Market St., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: sea
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
BARGAINS Getting More Scarce Dally.
A. M. Speck & Co.. \ 6S7 Market St.
Opposite Kearny.
Mission-street Corner.
$38.000— Refused J70.C0O T year* ago: corner
Mission anil 14th sts.; 170x160 feet: 3
frontages; bank mortgage $26,000; want
offer; must sell.
Sutter-street Corner.
$100.000— Three frontages: 137:8x275: finest alt*
In city for church or sanitarium.
Two Corners.
J73.0CO— New Improvements; lot 80x123; renta
$i55.
$70.000 — Reduced From $S2,00O.
Choice corner lot. 75-foot front: within H block
of Market st. : with eld Improvements;
rents about $400; the only corner trfcn
can be bought vicinity of Sixth street.
$35. OCO — Corner north of Market, east of Jones;
60-foot front: pays A per cent net.
Clay-street Corner.
137:6x127:8 feet; NW. corner Clay and Cough
sts.; magnificent marine view; cheap-
est 50-vara In tha city for bon-ton resi-
dence or flats; easily worth $40,000.
Hotel Corner.
£3,000— €0 feet front: vicinity Of Sutte* it..
east of Leavenworth st.; finest hotel,
office or rooming-house site.
$13,500— Leavenworth st.; fine locality; renta
$1CO net.
Jackson-street Residence.
I14.C00 — Near Van Ness ave.; every modem
convenience; 14 rooms and t baths:
built S years; mortgage $S000; lot 36x
130: bulldlne cost more than prlo*
asked.
Building for sale; to ba removed; Xo. 420
Eddy street.
A. M. SPECK A CO..
f! 667 Market Street.
FOR the best located lots In Richmond and tha
cheapest call en W. J. GUNN. 530 California.
NEW up-to-date bouses. 7 and 9 rooms: well
built: fine view; go and see them and you
¦will buy. For further Information see owner
on premises or JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Mont-
comery st.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park, then
call on "W. J. GCNN. 530 California st.
SSO— A CHANCE to secure a home; 3 beautiful
lots Kxli". each; money furnished for bulld-
Insr. THISTLETON, 172 Sadowa St.. Ocean
View.
REAL ESTATE COl^TRY — For Sale
A "PICK-UP"— Peculiar circumstances reuses
owner to sacrifice; just think of It. only $60
per acre for 10O acres adjoining city tlmlts:
near in bts demand and easily saJabie la
small tracts at $C0O and over per acre; or—
as It Is first-class, highly cultivated, level
loam, all In crop— It's making of very cheap,
profitable and lovely home ranch; take my
advice don't hesitate, but. make SM.vaO by
purchasing this: easy terms if desired.
Remember, I am accurately acquainted
J with more country property for sale and ex-
I change than all ether agents In S. F. ; 3C0O
ranches on my list: state what's wanted and,
ret reliable descriptions of bargains.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary.
FARM for sale at public auction March J. 1301—
Half mile Sonoma: 37 acre* In orchard and
vineyard: furnished house 11 rooms. 2-story:
barn 40x50; horses, wagons, poultry, farming
Implements; sale on premises at 1 p. m.
FRANK CHELINI, Sonoma.
A BARGAIN
2 houses and lots at Crockett. Contra Costa
County: rented for $33 per month: price $3300.
DAVID BUSH & SON. 10 Montgomery st.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Mala. Petaluma, for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargain*.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
REAL ESTATE.
$100 CASH. $3 30 monthly: Gallndo Tract; Una
corner lot, 210x196.30 for $975; street macadam-
ized; large shade trees and shrubbery; excel-
lent soil; grand view; superb climate; no fogs
nor raw winds; this a rare property and at
one-half Its value; no finer property for a de-
sirable home: adjoining East Oakland, close
to steam local: only one block from electric
car llr.es; come and let us show you this
home site; nice home surrounding; call or
send for circular. 453 Seventh St.. opposite
Broadway station. Oakland. H. Z. JONES.
owner.
A SACRIFICE: 1 block from main street and
leading hotel of Oakland; lot 75x100; corner
Ninth and Clay sts.: biggest bargain In Oak-
land: $12,000: worth at least $16,0t«>; must sell
at once. U. F. McDO.NALD >& CO.. 47S
Tenth St.. Oakland.
FOR barsalns In Berkeley cr Oakland proper-
ty see R. J. MONTGOMERY, room 3. fourth
floor. Mills building. San Francisco, or 467
Ninth st.. Oakland. .
OAKLASD FIRXITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa tha
I furniture dealer. 11th and Fr__ata» Oakland.DEL MONTE, Feb. 11.— Five black
swans were hatched -on the lake In the
Del Monte grounds a few days ago, and
the notable, arrivals are so far thriving
better than any of their kind hitherto
hatched in America. A curious incident
occurred in connection with the arrival of
this brood. When the eggs were laid the
rapid rising of the lake caused by the re
cent rains imperiled their safety, and the
parent swans began building the nests
higher and higher as the water rose. By
diligent work they were able to keep the
eggs above water, and the brood finally
came out without a wetting.
Five Black Swans Hatched.
The , murderer came to Redlands and
surrendered to City Marshal Wallace. He
made 3. statement to the officers, in which
he says he acted In self-defense, alleging
that his victim was intent on robbing*
him.
REDL.ANDS, Feb. 11.— In a fit of Jealous
rage Filomeno Castanara last night
plunged a dirk into the heart of Jesus
Barcelo, killing him Instantly. The trag
edy occurred in a Mexican settlement at
Redlands Junction. The men were rivals
for the hand of a young woman. Of late
the senorita seemed to be the more favor
ably impressed with Barcelo. Castanara
went In search of his rival and last night
they met. Castanara pulled from his
pocket the dirk and used It with deadly
effect.
Quarrel Over a Senorita Leads to a
ELTTNGES A DIRK INTO
HIS BIVAL'S HEART
Fatal Affray Between
' Mexicans.
Schiffler Is a young man, about 30 years
of age. He has eighteen months In which
to complete his trip by way of the Philip
pines and home to Coeslin. Germany.
The traveler was captured by the Flat
head Indians in Montana and remained
three days in the lodge of the chief. He
reached the- Indian reservation cold and
hungry and requested food and shelter.
When the warriors were Informed that
he harl no money they passed. him by
with a sneer. He applied to the big
chief, who took him in and dressed him as
a brave and ordered him to participate in
a native dance then in progress. The
daughter of the chief was given to him
for a partner, and the young German,
dressed in the chiefs robes, was made a
butt of aboriginal ridicule.
A gayly attired young brave, who was
seeking the hand of the chief* daughter,
objected to her being given to the Ger
man. He offered some remonstrance and
was encouraged by others. Soon his an
ger became uncontrollable.
He drew a scalping knife from his belt
ana dashed furiously at the Intruder. The
old chief stepped to the front and quelled
the disturbance, preventing the death of
the traveler.
After the dance was' over the Indians
gave Schiffler to understand that the
whole proceeding -was a joke. They per
mitted him to take several snapshot pic
tures of the camp and warriors and let
, ?° 1 , on hl3 Journey without further
molestation.
SEATTLE,' Feb. 11.— Max Schiffler. rep
resenting a German, sporting magazine,
has been stopping in this city for several
days. He travels by railway bicycle, and
is under contract to make the trip around
the world without accepting or spending
money. From here he will go to San
Francisco, where he will take a steamer
to cress the Pacific. | , •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Man Who Is Traveling • Around the
World on His Wits Has a
Thrilling Experience
in Montana.
Make Pretense of .Murdering
a German. Globi-
REDSKINS PLAY
JOKE ON TOURIST
CRESTED BUTTE. Colo.*,:' Feb. 11.—
"While a mob' wait besieging; the Jail here
and threatening to lynch George Burlc, he
committed suicide by, hanging, himself to
an iron bar - in f his • cell ¦ with , an {¦ electric
light- wire. Buric- had been ; arrested- on
the charge ¦ of : criminally asfaul ting Kate
Muflch, 12 years of age. He declared that
he w&vinnocentiS&gSgfMctfiggisiKraaH
Foils the Mob.
PALACE HOTEL.
C A Baldwin, Sta Clara
W T Henderson, Md
E D Boyle. Va City
F C Femmer, Ariz
F Hanchett, Mass
H G Stevenson & w.
Menjo Park
G W T Barns & w. O
W Mabbins, London
F R Fain & w, Cal
A H Burnham, Folsom
Dr R F Rooney, Cal
A M Skinner, D C
W W Dtnwlodie, D C
C G Abbot. D C
P A Draper, 1) C ;
W H Mason, Mich
H B Soule & w, Cal
Mrs S H Adam», Chic
W J Wiley, Palo Alto
E W Kins, Ukiah
Mrs P Sherman, Chic
Annie P Rogers, Chic
Marie E Rogers, Chic
W H Murphy. Stanfd
W B Hanna, U 8 V
Mr & Mrs Schoenfeld,
Livermore
A E Williams, Chicago
A T Jones, Orovilie
L T Wright, Shasta
M Tremers. Shasta
J- Watson, U S N ":
P B McCabe, L Ans
H Llndley.Klawater
O C Schultz, Dlxon
G W* St«bbln. Cal
S B Hicks, Seattle
W n 6eamen», Sacto
E R Pool. Denver
L GodowskI, Berlin
G Mitchell. Cal
E L Ford. Ohio
R Spear. U 8 N
o McFadden. NT
W Roche. N Y
J C Kennedy & w, NY
P ti Dlvver. NY
Mrs R Ho£an L Ang
Miss M Burke, Minn
Mrs W A Drlscoll, L A
R M Meln, Oakland
T B Sweeney, W Va
D H Barnes, Chicago
T J Norton, L Ang
A K Jones, Orovilie
L T Wright, Shasta
J S Watson, U S N
Mr & Mrs Wllllams.Cal
A S Reed. Victoria
J A Chanslor. L Ang
J E Wellborn. Colo
R F Wellborn, L'Ang
F B Dirt, Fresno
W Stirbling, Mo \
G Heazells & w, Cal
F W Peeple, Chicago
R M Coulter, Ottawa
H W Flewm, ¦Toronto
N E C.Eyr & w, Or
Mrs R M Bchofleld, Or
C D Bee; Spokane
GRAND HOTEL.
J A Sea^ell & w. Cal
G \V Richardson & w,
Ukiah
A W Plummer, Reno
E P Schaw. Sac . •
C i O FleckenstPin. Ill
J Kallman. Benlcla
J S McDonnell. Merlo
A M Allen, Cal
A Wlllard, Red Bluff
R Barry. ; Nevada ¦
E C Hart. Sac
8 Levr, Tuba City
Mrs A W Weir. N J
C M Hartley, Cal
JT Conrad. USA
J Graham, Gait ¦ ' ¦ -
J EVHayter S Rafael
E J Smith, B Rafael
A B Adams. Eureka
M Inaac*. Berkeley.
W E Kent, Sac ¦ .
J W Wrlghtson. Cal
H T Adams, Cal
R, Johnston, Cal .
G H Dunning, Oak
W T Hall Stanford
A J Bright, U 8 A
R G Bartlett, -U 6 A
E Yatea & w. Napa
Miss E Eaklc,- Cal
W B Boardman & w,
Colorado Springs
H L C Rosehlll, N Y
R Emgren. Moline. Ill
Mrs M A Pealer. Sac
A F McEvan; Seattle
A ,JV Maltby. & vr,
Concord, ;
E D Terwllleser & w,
•• Little: Shasta - .
Miss McClatchy. : Sac ,
Mrs^J McClatchy. Sac
Mrs • E • H Samuels,
Mayfleld
M H Dunphy & w.Cal
C Dunphy. Cal
A ¦ I McSorley. Cal
Mrs W Loque. Seattle
Mrs G Delfel, Seattle
I'. H Glenn & w, Cal
J H Harten, Vlsalla
J'J Hebbron, Salinas
W. O Kays, S Jose
Mrs B Downing, ¦ Cal
A D Shaw. HolllBter
H Levitt, Grass V
C H'Blomcr, Sac
OP. Gl After, Denver
H.E O'Brien, Stockton
A J Morse, . Hojavo
DM Wright, "St Louis
Mrs F Ellis. Portland
J C Conkling, 8 Jose
J H Wright, St .Louis
n B Butler, " Fresno ¦
Oeo Staffler Jr.. Cal ¦
W R Jenkins &. w.Cal
J -W Francis, ' Auburn
Mrs R Hogan, La,
MIm Berke, St Paul
L.Bhllli*, iYuba -
8 H Calhoun : Jr. Colo
J M Walbrldso. . Cal
P A ; Perry, ¦ Boston
W Kennelly..Pltt8burB
B H Lamrley, Portlnd
J B Harmon, '¦ Yreka ¦
H AVittenbers & t. Or
J ' P r.n smusscn. ' Or
Huirh Casey. Sao
C Francee,' Salinas -
W A - Hawley, = Grass V
O E Wilson* , Mich r .
J. •DermiH. ? Butter: Crk
OH Hols, . Portlana •
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BURGLAR HOLDS UP'
WOULD-BE CAPTORS
Entrapped in a Vancouver Store, but
Succeeds in Making His
Escape.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 11.— Robert
Walker, . manager of the Royal Bank of
Canada; Police Officer John McLean, and
a . cousin named Jenkins, had a -burglar
safely locked in a store early this morn
ing, yet the robber held up the trio and
escaped. . . . .
For threo months Vancouver's residence
sections have been terrorized by a burglar
who has robbed- from one to five houses
nightly. I He Is never seen and not a cent's
worth of goods he has stolen has ever
been found. • Early this morning Officer
McLean noticed that the rear window of
Pike's Shoe Warehouse, one of the larg
est in the city, was open. He saw the
burglar Inside and hastened for help.
Bank Manager Walker, and Jenkins came
back with him and rattled the front door
of the establishment while McLean wait
ed at the rear window, out of which, the
burglar would naturally" emerge. - «
But the burglar did not fall in with this
programme. When the front door was
rattled he quickly unlocked it and stepped
out on the main street. Covering the two
men with a revolver, he ordered them to
hold up their hands, and, in sight of the
policeman and all he ran down the street
and escaped. ¦ . -
DISSATISFIED WITH!
¦ WORK AT ALVISO
San Jose Citizens Declare Channel
Improvements Will Be In
adequate.
SAN JOSE,^-Feb. 11.— The Government
.work "being done at Alviso to Improve the
channel Is In some respects not satisfac
tory, and the business men of San Jose
who looked forward to a first-class water
way will report the defects to California'3
representatives in Congress. The proposed
cutoff at Devil's Elbow Is the part of the
work complained of. While the intention
of the Government engineers was good,
in that it shortened the distance nearly a
mile, the cutoff is so narrow that two ves
sels will not be able to pass in it. It Is
proposed to make the bottom of this chan
nel only sixty feet wide.
Gift to C. J. Jones.
STOCKTON. Feb. 11.— The merchants
and business men of Stockton to-day pre
sented to C. J. Jones, who has been pro
moted ' to the position of district freight
and passenger agent of the Southern Pa
cific Company, with headquarters at Sac
ramento, an elegant silver service, costing
$325. The presentation, speech was made
by J.M. Welsh, president of the Stockton
Milling Company, at the Elks' lodgerooms
In the Mail building. Mr. Jones has been
the local agent of the Southern Pacific In
Stockton for ten years, and this is said to
be the first instance of merchants giving
a railroad agent a testimonial of regard.
KILLED WHJLE SHOWING
HOW TO' COMMIT SUICIDE
Waterville Lad's Dog Discharges a
Gun as He Is Looking Into
the Muzzle.
SEATTLE, Feb. 11.— Benjamin Dutton,
tne 11-year-old son of James Dutton, who
lives five miles south of Waterville. acci
dentally shot and killed himself yesterday
while his parents were away from home
A disturbance was heard among the
chickens, and believing a coyote was after
them; he and his older, brother, went fo
see what the trouble was.' He- took the
and on returning: to the house, set
the butt of it on the .doorstep, evidently
forgetting to let down the hammer. As
his. brother came up, Benjamin remarked
to him that if he '.'was groin? to kill him
self he would do it this way,", turning tho
muzzle to his face, - leaning 1 forward and
looking down the barrel. Just then his
dog came up and began playing with him
and in some way discharged the gun, the
ball entering the head just above the right
eye. He expired about an hour after the
accident. x " ¦'¦¦.:
VAN KURAN SAID TO BE I ¦
> ' SHOUT IN HIS ACCOUNTS
Treasurer of Oregon Short Line at
'Salt Lake Relieved From
TWO MEN KILLED AND
/ > ONE FATAIiLY. INJXTBED
SAX.T LAKE. Feb.. 11.— Arthur J. Van
Kuran, local treasurer of the Oregon
Short Line, has been relieved from duty,
and it is alleged that he is short in his ac
counts with the company. . r - ¦;--*•, .
The auditor of the road and Traveling
Auditor " CralR <¦ have '* gone ; over > the ao •'
counts for the last six months, and : it is
said there is a deficiency of nearly J9000.
Mr. Van Kuran : savs there Is no truth
In the report of the shortage of. his ac
countsandif there are any discrepancies
they, will be found to be only unimportant
errors^.- . . : " ". '¦ ':*¦¦. •¦, .
Mr. Van Kuran was formerly chief cleric
In the office of the local treasurer ot the
Union Pacific at; Omaha.
Separator in a Wisconsin Creamery
Bursts With Disastrous
'. ¦'.' 'Besults..'' '¦ ;^ ; <-^v;^^
; MENOMINEE FALLS. "Wis. , Feb. 11.—
By the bursting- of -a^ separator at ; the
Champiiey Creamery at Lisbon to-day 'two
men were 1 killed and several "others in-
Jured.'The ! dead :-'•-¦_ .^ ' •
-EDWARD FIRTH, farmer. r '
- JAMES PYBURN, creamery man. ' »
, Wiillam Butler, was probably, fatally, in
jured and others, received slight injuries. 1
REAL , ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
James T. Boyd and Samuel G. Murphy {by
B. P. Oliver, commissioner) to Margaret G.
Fllnn, lot on SW corner of Greenwich and Bu
clianan 'streets. W 152:5 by S 120, except S
Greenwich, 137:5 W Buchanan, W 25 by S 120:
$3:io.\ ¦ ¦ , ,
John Dean to Johanna Dean, lot on 6 line of
Ellis street. 104:9 E of Fillmore. E 33:9 by S
137:6; gift.
Charles L. Beal to Mary A. King (wife of
Charles A. King), lot on N line of Clay .street,
25 E of Steiner, E 25 by N-103:8tf: $10. . "•*¦"
J. O. F. or Ferdniand Wilke to Seraphlna
A. Davidson; (wife of F. N. Davidson), | lot on
NE corner it Guerrero and Eighteenth streets
N 108:S.E 141, N SO, W 1, N 9. \V J:3, N 18,
E 56:9, 8 14:4. W 4:7%, S 11:4. SE B8:2. W 45:01,
8 100. W 149:10?4; all Interest In MB block 70;
gift. > r
• Minnie F. Kltz (wife of Philip Kit z) to Loula
A. Koster. lot on E line of Sanchez street, KS
N of Fourteenth. N 25 by E 125; gift. "9
Edward J.. Katherlne, -William and Eliza
beth McNamnra and Mftry and Patrick O'Don
r.ell to Bernard Neyth, lot on W line of Hamp
shire street, 145 N of Twenty- third,'. N 25 by
w 100; $i&oo. • - - _-
- Bertha E. Ziegenfuss to William A. and Be
linda Newsom, lot on N line of Valley, street.
434 E of Dolores, E 26 by N 114; $1500. .-* . -
Thomas W., Katherlne A., Lily A. and Chris
topher C. Rivers to A. F. Serpa, lot on E line
of Sanchez street, 66 8 of Twenty-fifth, 8 22 by
E 81:8%. ¦ -¦ '.. ; - .
Vivian G. longden (by E. F. Gutschow and
James A. White, trustees) to Progressive Mu
tual Loan Association, 1SS3 O 57, lot on N line
of Elizabeth ¦ street,' 123 W of Douglass, W 23
by N -114; $1500. -
Hir>:rnla Savings and Loan-society to Henry
E.'-Hothln,- lot on t W line of Sansome street,
:ii:6 S of Jackson, 8 25 by W 60; $4500.
John G. ' Druhe to Vlttorio' Traverse lot on
BE corner of Greenwich and Dupont streets, S
23:6 by E 70; *30OO.(" - ' »*
Thomas J. Ford to Margaret ¦ Ford, lot on 8
line of Ellis street, 56:10 E Of Larkin, E 28:11
by 8 87:6; gift, r , ¦ ».' ;•
Catherine and James P. Murphy, Mary A.
Dinnlene or ; Dlnnlne, • Rosa v Burke, •' Margaret
Cullom and EUiabeth Wormsley/to Wales L.
Palmer,: lot on SW line of Baldwin court. 110
NW of Folsom street, NW IB by SW 40; $1000.
George C. Tryon to Relnhold E. Bauske, lot
on SE. line of Minna street, 350 SW of Third,
SW 40 ,by SE ' 70: $12,000. ' : *-'¦•
Kentaro Yanaglya .to R. ? H. - B.' Espey, lot
commencing 138:6 N of Cstreet and 39 E of
Fourteenth avenue," K 25 by N 138:6; $10..
\ R. H. E.' Espey to D. W. C. Gasklll, same;
$75. • ¦ •¦¦ -'-•-¦-' ' ¦¦¦•; .¦-•'¦'¦¦' • ¦ V""- 1 ¦¦¦' •¦-¦.
George • H. Ashton to ' J. ,W.'. Wright ft Sons
Investment Company, 'lot on E line of Thirtieth
avenue. 175 N of J street. N 25 by E 120: $500.. %
- David Fitzglbbon to Robert Louphlin. lot oa
NE line of .Twentieth avenue , south, f 50 SE of
L street, SE 15 by NE 100, block SS7, South San
Francisco Homestead • and • Railroad Associa
tion; : J500. ; — . ,;¦'¦¦ • ' ¦•
Olive • Verkouteren or - Verkouten ' to M. Bal
lin ¦¦- rerecord 1868 D. • 483, • lot- on • SW '¦ line ¦ of
Seventh > avenue : south, 120 NW of . K street.
NW 80 by - SW '¦ 100, . block ¦ 141. Central Park
Homestead: '•. J500.'. . "; ¦" '-.-_¦. „• ,
-v Junetta- E. -. Henley, -> Julia - E. - Bartels . and
Mary F. Qoepel.to.8. : B.» Smith- (trustee Rosa
F. . HuntV> lots 14 to 18, i block 6 • College Home-
William and C.'T: Nlccl to EmilIGunzbur
ger lot 166,; Gift Map 3. quitclaim deed; $35. ¦
. Emll Gun2burg«r to John Manes, same, quit
claim deed; = $l.-. .— ¦ - r: -'- ¦¦ '- ¦'¦"'¦¦ ¦'. - '¦'
Marie , F. ¦ von * Rabenau to Alfred ¦ B.» Spreck
els, lot on NW line of Mission street, 938:6 NE
of 7 Dale ; (Twenty-ninth), -. NE W'by^NW- 100;
$— . -.•.—..,¦ . .-¦->......
Travelers' Outfits.
Dresaisult "cases^ traveling rolls, trunks,
valises, f combs, .; lap tablets,
pocketbooks, card; cases, bill books.^cam
eras " and i toilet^ articles. All fine I leather
goofls lettered In gold free of charge. Best
goods and 'lowest- prices. ; Sanborn, -*Vail
&'Co.,-741 Market; st.' ' ' ¦ \ •
To-day was occupied in obtaining a jury.
Attorney Herrington, counsel for Bege
row. asked that the charges of murder
against Begerow be dismissed at the open
ing of court this morning, on the ground
that the evidence was not sufficient to ob
tain a. conviction, but the court refused
it. ¦..-...'. - / .
:The first three trials were for the mur
der of Joseph Cech, but this one is for
the killing of August Berger. In the first
trial B. Benjamin, a juror, ran away to
Australia just the case went to
the Jury and this necessitated a new trial.
The second resulted in a= disagreement,
the Jury standing 6 to 6, and the third
went tha same way, the Jury standing jj
to 4 for acquittal.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 11.— For the fourth time
Frederick Begerow, an ex-Constable of
Alviso, faces a charge of murder in Judgo
Lorigan's department of; the Superior
Court. On July 15 last Beeerow shot and
killed- Joseph Cech and August Berger
at a picnic given by the San Francisco
Brewers' Union at Agricultural Park In
this city. Begerow, who was a Constable,
had placed George Schmidt, an old man
known as "Bismarck," ' under arrest and
started to take him from the park. Cech
and Berger' interfered and. tried to take
the prisoner from the Constable. They
struck Begerow.V who drew his revolver
and shot both men.- Before firing the
fatal shots he shot oncg into the air. Be
gerow was drunk at the time. He was
roughly handled by the crowd that gath
ered and but for the prompt work of
Sheriff Langford and his deputies he prob
ably would have been lynched. The Con
stable claims he killed the men in Belf
defense, and fired only after he had
warned them to desist and they had
threatened to kill him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Thrice Arraigned for the Murder of
Joseph Cech, Ho Must This Time,
Answer for the Killing
of Berger. '
Jury Being Sworn to Pass
Upon the Constable's
BEGEROW FACES
FOURTH TRIAL
MINNEAPOLIS, Feb. U.-An eager
throne, containing: many women, blocked
the spacious 'corridors of the courthouse
to-day "striving to get Into the large court
room to witness the proceedings In the
trial of Frank H. Hamilton on the charge
of having murdered Leonard R. Day.'-
The State's first-. witness for the day was
William G. Bennett, a SC Louis traveling
niari, who was in the bllliard-rbomof the
West Hotel at the time of the tragedy.
He aaw. the party playing billiards, saw
the 'Hamilton party come in and -heard
Day say to Hamilton: (\ ,;•" . . '" *
'"You're the man I've been looking for."
lie also heurd the talk in which a wo
man "was mentioned," but did not catch
the drift Of the conversation. He saw the
scuffle , between the principals and saw
George, whom he knew, separate them.
Some five or ten minutes afterward he,
with others, was ordered out of the room
by Special Officer O'Malley. He went to
the bar In the adjoining room, but was
called" back by a traveling man named
Barbee. On returning he saw Day on the
floor between the two-tables. - Barbee had
hold of hisYight hand and was supporting
him. Hamilton was not there. The wit
ness continued:
"I rubbed Day's other hand, and then
returned to the bar for brandy. Failing
to get any, I returned" to the side' of the
dying man and found Hamilton and Can
field there. I told Hamilton to slap Day's
hands and take off his shoes and rub his
feet, as his extremities were getting cold.
Neither Hamilton nor Canfleld said any
thing. <I said, 'He: is dying. 1 Hamilton
said, 'Is he?' and reached his hand over
Day's breast. We continued to rub his
feet and apply hot water. About ten min
utes afterward the doctor came in, and
five- minutes later Day died. I said, 'Let
us offer a prayer.' I kneeled down, and
so did Hamilton by my side. The prayer
was a silent one. An officer came and
stood beside Hamilton and. Canfleld: I did
not hear Hamilton say anything to the
officer. I had no knife, nor had Barbee.
Neither of us had any trouble In the room
with any one." : \ - ¦
On cross-examination,' Bennett'- said
there were fifteen, or twenty persons in
the room at the time. There was a row
going on in another part of the apartment.
He had known ' Barbee about six weeks
and had met Day casually.
Stephen O'Malley. v/atchman at the
West Hotel, gave Important evidence. He
saw. Hamilton on top of Day, but saw no
blows struck. Indeed, it is remarkable
that not a single witness thus far saw a
blow strack by Hamilton.
O'Malley arrested Hamilton on the ad
vice of Canfleld, who was one of the pris
oner's companions, but who said to him:
"Hold that man." Hamilton said not a
word up to the time O'Malley turned him
over to Policeman Rooney, to whom the
State charges i hat he made a confession.
O'Malley identiiied a big wooden-handled
knife, with one rusty blade, as the one he
picked up near Day's body.
• On cross-examination the watchman
mentioned for the first time In the case
"a mysterious stranger, a slim, tall man.
with iron-gray mustache, weighing about
150 pounds," standing near a billiard table.
This bit of evidence greatly pleased the
defense.
Dr. Henry S. Nelson, formerly Coroner,
described the cuts on the body, identified
the knife and declared, after the defense's
objections had been overruled, that the
blade of the knife could have caused the
cuts. - -'-¦: -- - . ~ ¦
J. T. Gray, a boarder at the West Hotel,
gave some unexpected evidence. He had
been attracted to the billiard-room by
hearing that some one had been hurt,' and
had gone In twice. Each time Day was
lying on the floor. ,The first time there
was no knife by his body, but the second
time there was.
The sensation of the day was the calling
of Carrie Slagle as a witness. She said
she had known both Day and Hamilton
for about three months. " She admitted
having visited Hamilton in Jail, and said
she was still on friendly terms with him.
Asked if she had had a certain conver
sation with Hamilton before the tragedy,
she turned to the Judge and said:
"I understood that it is privileged."
The defense insisted that the witness
be instructed that she not testify to any
thing that might tend\to incriminate her
self. At least the State should" -^nut Its
questions In writing and submit them to
the court before they were put to the wit
ness. After a consultation between the
court and -the lawyers, the court ruled
that if the evidence tended to Incriminate
the witness she need not answer.
Mr, Penney asked if she was intimately
connected with either Day or Hamilton.
She said she was not, and was then ex
cused. '
: After recalling: -two witnesses to ; clear
up some minor points court adjourned for
the day.
Trial of Frank H. - Hamilton for the
Murder of Millionaire T>ay .
': Begins" at > Minne- :
¦ apolis. i-
Drummir and Alleged Slayer
Prayed by the Dying
Man's Si|de.
WITNESSES TELL
OF DAY'S MURDER
THIi SAISI FUANCIS(^O C^tiL; TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 19011.
11
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needlei and
shuttles; reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint &
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1913 Mission, nr.I5th.
2 STABLES to rent; Eighth and Hearne sts.;
*8 and J12 month; stalls, yard, sewer connec-
tions: two stories. HOWARD H. HOGAN.
104 Pine st.
STABLES TO LET.
STORAGE! AX1P AVAT^EHOUSES.
PIERCE^RODOLPH Storage and Moving C<n.
office. Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main S71S.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40: shipping at cut rates.
GOLDEN' TVEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st.: tel. Mint 1S2L F. W. ZEHFUSS. ,
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
rell belter machines for less money than any
toute In the city; rental*. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 53« California; telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
ALAMKDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
Al-AJIEUA It IM I. KSTAT15.
VERY facial bargains: forecloiur* properties-
nxadoc maps: enough eald. as I do not be-
lieve ir. extended ads. J, A. REUMEL, Bay
Ftstlcn. Alameda.
»6Cf'-T0 close aa etute; fine bulUm* corner
let. <fxlOC: bet. railroads; J blocks High
echcel; etreet wcrk complete: bargain.' 8ee
tTrr.tr. A. O. BURNS. 1501 Park st.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL, ESTATE.
j:;rc— t:0O CASH, balance |15 per month: new
5-room cottage; large lot; 2 blocks to cars:
on sunny side of street; In good neighbor-
hood. YV. C. MORAS. Lorln station, Berke-
lfy.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS, 11S!>— 5 elegant unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; no children. t
GEARY, 1TO — Sunnr floor. 8 furnished house-
ke«-plr.g t rootas; bath: ?arJ. .
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 635-Lc.rgre sunny back
parlor, nicely furr.'.Fhed. with kitchen.
GUERRERO. 305— Furnished bedroom and par-
lor; piano, use of kitchen, etc.; $4 a week.
HOWARD 10O»*-S completely furnished house-
keeping rooms, range, electric lights, etc,
•12; also others.
HOWARD. 12H— 2 cr S large eunny rooms;
Tartly furn. for housekpg.; rent reasonable.
LARKIN. gf4— Sunny single room ceatly fur-*
r.ished. $4 and $3; gentlemen preferred.
HeAI^LISTER. 2000, cor. Central ave.— S sunny
rooms, furnished complete for housekpg, IS.
OAK. i:s— Two eunny front rooms furnished
for housekeeping, fl2; basement room^J4.
OCTAVIA. 14C3, cor. Geary— Furnished bay-
winuow; eun all day; large sunny room and
kitchen.
roST. lOi*— Sunny furnished rooms; suites and
single; also housekeeping; private family.
POST. U3S, ccr. Van Ness— Newly furnished
house, ail sunny, in suites.
tlXTH, 136— Sunny rooms for light housekeep-
:ng; eIeo room for gentleman.
FMALL ehop. with 2 living rrr.s.: suitable shoe-
maker, barber; cpp. ciubouse. 2000 McAllister.
CTOCKTON, 60S— Nicely furnished. eunny
rooms, single or en eulte ; also housekeeping
rooms with all conveniences.
TVTEXTT-THIRD. 3TI6, nr. Dolores— 8 sunny
bay-window rooms: nice, neat, complete.
TWO sunny rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping, rent 12 25 per week; also sin-
gle rooms. Jl per week. Apply shoestore, 662
Mission St.. between First ajid gecond ets.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received fit Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia «t.
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. and Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms 25c
to $1 per night: $1 25 to V> per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 221 Grant are.— Best dollar
a fiav family hotel la city: polite attendance:
larerp rooms; modern conveniences: rooms 60c
up; fir^t-ciass raraJs 25c; free coach.
BURNETT, KI6 Market (old No, I'M)— Fur-
nithed rrcs., suites, single; also unfurnished.
ELEH, f-20 fThe EUc)— Changed bands; nicely
furn. sunny mi., Elncie, en eulte, newly reno-
vated ; all conven. Mrs. K. M. Ramsey, prop.
EDDT. 430— Elegant furnished rooms; single
cr en rultg; suitable for physician or dentut.
EDDT, E^t— Large sunny suite suitable for I
or 3 gentlemen; also single room; reasonable.
FOLSOM. 1SS2— Large sunny room: bay-win-
dow; hall bedroom: %"ery reasonable.
GEAHY.403 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnished
rra?; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
,jnd Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle: ladies* parlor: reading-room; elevator.
HOWARD. CT 'Kemtf furnished rooms to let;
private; quiet; U. tt and $10 a month.
McALLISTER. C12— Eunr.y front room; suitable
for lady or «entieman.
KETV AnLIXGTON. JO:S Market St.— Nicely
fumlfbtd rooms. {2 a week up; 25c a day up.
NEWLY furnished front rooms. Apply 1503
Sacrampnto Pt.. cor. Lrfirkln.
O'FARRELL. SO — Sunny rurnlshed recms and
nfficf«; elevator: elec. lights; day. wk., mo.
ROYAL Ho-Jfe. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, emoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per nijrht, 35c to Jl 50; week.. $2 to
**; month. *S to $30: elevator on irround floor;
rooms with hct and cold water; baths.
hoPEDALE House. J13-321 Ellis st.-Rooms.
night. 2> to tl; week, tl 2S to $4; open night.
e HERMAN' Apa.rtm»»nt House. SS Eighth St..
near Market — F*urniRhed or unfurnished.
FMALL furnished room to let; $5; Protestant;
Christian preferred. CJ1 Post et.
f- ' "TiT-K, ZZOM — Chaared hands; newly reno-
»sttfc sing-le rooms. SS; suites. J12 to t23 mo.
TURK, U2— Clean, quiet, single room for gen-
tleman; private family; J4 M per month.
CI^APEIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call bra.nch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlee for Call advertisements and
HbKriaUma has been established at 10%
Valencia et. " : --^
A "WEEK'S news for 5 c^nts— The ¦Weekly CalL
3? r«Jrf". in wrajiper. for mailing. II per year.
ROOMS A\D HOARD.
>T the old- Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex S07 California St.. may
t« found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and tightly rooms *t modest rates.
ELEGANTLY & newly furnished eunny apart-
ments, with or without board; cuisine unez-
ce!l«.<5. lies'* Broadway, cor. 12th St.. Oak-
land. top floor; MRS. M. C. ROBIN'SON'.Prop.
r.OOHS wltfi board, bath, gas.' 118. $20; private
Tamily; gentlemen only. UO^ McAllister.
I>2pMS and board: prises reasonable. 4U
First et.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 18 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Co., will be payable at the offlc?
of the company, 327 Market Et., on and after
Friday. February 15. 1901. Transfer books
closed Frldey. February 8, 1901. at 8 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
The following raarrlaKo licenses were Issued
yesterday:
James A. U. Camp. S7, 11 P street. South
San Francisoe. and Ellen A. Harvey. 80, 11 P
street. South San Francisoo.
Clprlano D. Monte, 2!, 2014 Powell street,
and Virginia J. Rettagllata, /, 832 Filbert et.
Morran Griffith*. JO. Stockton, and Julia T.
Rettacrliata. 2S. 632 Filbert street.
Hermann Luken. 35, Berkeley, and KUzabetli
Folkens, 26, city.
Ij»o Ancker. 27, Tehachapi, and Frieda Levy.
22, 611 Octavla street. . : •
Henry I*. White, £5. Santa Cms. and Nlco-
line Nelson. 45. city. •
Thomas H. Flynn. 23. Sacramento, and Eliza-
beth Mohn, 12, Sacramento.
Leo A. Fetter. 22, Toledo, Ohio, and Elsie L.
Magers. 19. Tiffin, Ohio.
Paul ». Anderson, 28, KIM Jessie street, and
Annie Mimes, 29, 106 William street.
Otto Wlllwetxr, 40. 814 Geary street, and
Ros* L. Bane, 28, 255 Thirteenth street.
Leon Jacobs, 29, city, and Florence Loewen-
berg;. Zi, city. /
Charles Cassasa, 23. 51S Filbert street, and
Louisa Zazzt, 18, £15 Greenwich etreet.
MAERIAGE LICENSES.
MARRIED.
DILLARD— RUPERT— In Reno, January 81,
1901. by the Rev. Mr. Phelps, Clarence H.
IHIlard of Wadwworth, New, and Irene P.
Rnpert of San Franclnco.
James McGinn. Henry 'Hansen.
JAME * MCGINN & CO., j
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS and EMBAU1ERS
214 Eddy St.. bet. Taylor and : Jone».-<- i
South 57t. - - -
PnOPO?ALS for coal— Of flee ¦ of General Su-
perintendent Army Transport Service. Ban
FranclFco. Cal.. February 1. 1901: Sealed pro-
posals in triplicate for furnishing and de-
llwrlr:* on beard trrof tranroorts at San
Frartci»f». California, thirty thousand "tons,
more or less, average cteam coal, will be re-
. reived at this crfl?e until 1J m., February IS.
!W!1. «n<l then cpened. Information furnished
«n arrlirarlon. Envelr«r>»>s containing propo-
»«li« should be indorsed. "Prooofals - fnr
CobI." and adfirewd to OSCAR F. LOXO,
General Sur^ rintendent. '
to Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln. School.
Telephone South SO. • '. .'" . ¦
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannapan & Gallagher.) *
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FCNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
TOOPOSALS for subsistence supplies — Offlee cf
Purcbaelnr Commissary. San Francisco. CaJ
February 9. 1901.— Pealed proposals for fur-
nlehlng and delivering: of such quantities of
rubrlrtence supplies, delivered at puch wharf
or wharves or such warehouses In San Fran-
c!kco. Cal.. r.i> per circular to be seen at this
office, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m.. Thursday. February 21, 1901, and opened
immediately thereafter in presence of bid-
ders. Specifications, cener&l j Instructions to
t)ldd<>re and blank form of Dropooal will be
furnished to e»tabll«h»d dealers on applica-
<lon to W. n. BALDWIK. Matnr and C. S..
t;. 6. Army Purebaclnfr Comml*sary.
PROPOSALS for Cloth'.ng and Cqulps«e IVnot
Quartermaster- a OfScf. 36 New Montgomery
*t.. Sen F-ranelsco, Ce.1.. Februiry 9 13C1 _
Bealed propotiale. in triplicate, will be re-
reo«lved at tbls offloe until 10 o'clock a m
Monday, February 25. 1901, Pacific Standard
Tim*, and then opened, for furnishing Rub-
ber Ponchos. Brown Cotton Stockings, Garri-
son Flaur*. Poet FTairs. Etorm and Recruiting
r.sEs. Quantitiea to he subject to to per
ccr.t increase. If desired, by this department
Bia« will be opened for the delivery cf the
same articles at either the 6an Francisco.
Boston. Chicago and Philadelphia Depots. To
avoid misunderstanding as to the exact na-
ture of the articles to be furnished, bidders
win carefully examine the standard camples
and fceclflcatlcn*. eo that proposals may be
•ufcmitted by them with a full knowledge of
«rhat will be required. In the matter of Pon-
chne the attention of bidders Is called to the
fact thai the sealed samples do not strictly
conform ta the specifications, that the latter
will rovern exdurlvely, and further, that
the eamplc* show only the reneral character
of the Ponchos to be furnished. Bids upon
•amples differin«T from specifications and
samples upon wblch bids ar«- Invited will un-
der no circumstances be entertained, nor will
tirxtiaraoteed bids be confldered. Proposals
lor less quantities than advertised for will
be enterta!n»d. Bid's for delivery or inipec-
tion at other points than tho«e named above
will not be considered. Early deliveries are
essential. Bidders must state in their propo-
sals the rate and time of delivery should
contract be awarded to them, and that no
proposition ehould be made which they are
not pe*itlve that they can absolutely rulfill.
Preference will be given to articles of domes-
tic production and manufacture, conditions •
cf price and quality belti* equal (including
In the price of forHim production and manu-
facture the duty thereon), and ruch prefer-
ence, will be tfi-en to articles of American
production and manufacture produced en the
Pacific Cbast. to the eitent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposal* or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on application. Envelopes
pontalninc; proposals will be endorsed "Pro-
posals No. 127L" and addressed to Major
OSCAR F. I/5NO. Ouartennacter, U. 8
Vols., Deoot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS.
¦•dtmisx rACivio coxrin.
(TACIVIO IUTU.)
Tiwt— !••»• »»»•* »r« <•>• ¦• •**•*• •»
• MAS riUNCMCO.
~ (Main Una, Foot of Mwrltet S*rwi) **
tun — K»o* Ja»ux*t l 1M1. — AMaxrm
7tSOaBenfc!a. Buistm, Slain. YaeariUa,
Eaiasey aad aaem&anto ,... Tt49»
7iS0a Darts. Woodland. Knijhu Lsodint.
MarMTlll*. Oroide..... 7i43p
TiSOa Atlaatlo Express— Ogdm and K**» tStlSy
8:00a M uHm>, 8aa Uamon, Tallsjo, Bspa,
CaUitog* aad Santa Bosa Siiap
8iO»a 27Il«s. LlTermore, TrteT, Lathrsn,
Stockton ..~; Txl3»
¦ : SO a Bhaste f xvt es«— D» t U, Wffii*m» ( tot
Birtlets Sprlca), Willows, Bed
BluS. Portland?. 7l4S»
¦ i3»a Ban Jose, LUermors, Stockton, A
Ions. 8aenunento. PUe-rrUJs,
MnrjsTtlls. Chico, Ksd Btuff «iM»
¦sSOa Oakdalc. Chinese, Bonora, Carters... 4tlSd
UiOO* n»J*ardi. Nlln»ad W»y SUMom. Ui43t
•tOOA Los Angeles ExproM - M»rtlnet
Tney. Latbrop, Stockton, Meceed
?r«sno and Lm Angelas TilSr
*>304 TaUrjn. MwtSnex sod Wtf Stations BriSr
I o i«o a Tha OrsrUnd Liiplted-Ogdw. Dm*
t«r, Omaha. Chieafa •*«»
11jO»a KUm, Stockton. 8«enaaento, Msa.
.lot*. Fresno. Uaaiord, VbaUa,
PorMrtiille -~. 4«l8»
HiOOa litermore. 8*np!T. Oeahen Jna*
tlon. Bakenflefd, Los Angelas
4l:OOr8acraraeutoKlwSt«am«rs t 3 ' 00 *
Vt'Hir Hay wards, Mlea and War Stations. »il»i
4i«M»r Maitine*. H»» IUomh. Villsjo,
N»o», C'»lUt««*. H»»t» llo«« »il 3*
4liOOrBenlcl*. WiBt«CS, 8»or«m«n»o,
WoutlUnd, Knlgbte Laadhig,
M»rj«Tin». Oiotllle 'I 1 *!*
4i«Or Haywiurds. tillas»n<t Sao Joae i*'\ s^
BtOOp NUes. Iiromore. Stockton. Lodl ... lOria*
,5:OOrHuo.et limited. El P*so. K«W
Orleana and £ul «1*i19a
BiOVrTbe Owl limited— Tracy, Vteno. >*--?*¦
B4kenSetd.g«art>a (or Santa Bae
ban. Los Aofelea... a.. .......... itilS*
Si4»«*IT«w Orleinf Express-naksrsftjld.
H»»U U»rb»f », l.o» Aogales. Hem.
tog. El ruo, Mew Ofiemus and
But Ti4!I»
SittOpBaf wards, NllstaodSan Jom .I 1 ' 1 *
|8i00r V.llojo ll»41»
•.««r Oriental Usil-Ogden, Chejenn*.
Omaha. Chicago — . lX>13v
8i«vr Oriental Mau— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha. Cblcaao. 4tl3r
Ti«»r Oregon and CailfornU Kipr«M,Na».
rftineittn. M»r»»illle. JleriiitiiB,
rortlaml. Pugs» Huiind and Rut 8i4.1a
li»3r Bu P»blo. Port Costa, Martian ¦
•ml W»i Stations 1E '15*
ttioap vaii»in 7«-»y
COAST PlfHIOa (5arrorr JinBge).
(Foot ot Market 9Ue«t.>
¦ti*A Mewwk.UnntattUU.Max Joeo.rf>lton.
IloniderCreek,»auUUruiandWay
tltoUons fi»»»
|9il8r NewMk, Centartllle. B%n .Jo«e, N«w
AlmadeD. Velton. Itoalder Creek.
Smnta, Cru aad l'riooip»l Wtf
Stations...... -..•• T •••»•»
4«1.1p Newark, H»n Jose. Los G».tos 8i(»»a
oB:30p Rantars' Exeunlon. 8an Jose and
. W»y Stations t?r»Oy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrmsn mssisco— r«i« «r *uui suMt(sUti)—
n-.li f:M ll:Wa.m. 1:00 1:00 f:lS?.m.
From Oakland-Foot or Broadway.— H O tl:«i
10:C<kkJn. U:00 I.-00 4 .-00p.m.
COAST DIVISION (Hro«.l tt«n*»).
(ThlrJ md Townaeml 8t».)
t«ilOA Ocean Vie*, South a«n Vnadteo.. W>ivt
7iw»a San Jom and W»» SUIIniia (N»w
Almadan Wedn««d»jsonlj) Ii8tt»
IttttHu Jo««. Ties IMiios. H«nt» Cma. .^ -
PaolSc Orova. 1'uo ItuWes. Km
I.nit Oblspo. Bnrf. Lompoe n>d
S Principal War Sutbihs «•»•»
¦ •i44»a Baa Jose and W»r .Stations •<S34
I lisu a Ban Jnas and Way Stations »t3v»
iS>4Sp Ban Matra. Kedwoori. Monlo Pack.
Palo Alto. Santm Clara. »«n Jo««.
Trea Pinoe, 8i«U Crux, Salinas.
Monterey and P«cMe GroT 1l»i!WU
fXtMF 8an Jose and Wty Stations. J«»Jr
f4il.1P S»aJose«uil Principal WayStallona •«*3a
tasOOrBaa Jose. Los O*»oe and Priacipal
1 WayStaUoas •• !••••»
8tS»r Ban Jose ami Priodnal Way Stations »¦:».!»
«iaop8anJos9»ud Wty Stations *S'2**
Bll:45r8an Joeoan«iW>y SUtlous itZOr
AforMominr Pfor f2S2^sd*
a Mtndays, Wednesdays. TrldaTS.
c Tnesdaya, Thuradajs. Simdajrm.
a Satnr d»f only.
CALIP0RN1A NORTBV-ESTEES £Y. Ca
SAff FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburen Ferry. Foot of Market St
Kan Francisco tn San Rafaef.
TIBUHON FERBT-FOOT OF MABKBT ST.
WEEK DATS-7A, 1:00. 11:00 a. m.; U:3S. l:».
•:1ft, 6:10 pl m. Thursdajra— Extra trip at U:M
p. m. Saturday Frtra trip* at 1:S0 aad
U:S0 p. m.
6UNDAT&-I.-00, •:». U:00 a. m.: 1:30, I:* IM,
«:20 p. m.
' oan Rafoel to Smn Francisco.
WEEK DATS-4:10. ?:S0. 8:20. 11:10 a. m.: U:«.
1:40. 5:10 p. o. Saturdays— Extra, trip* at 1:5*
and i:J5 p. m.
BUNDAYS-i:10. 1:40. U:M a. m.: 1:40. I.W. 1:0^
1:25 pi m.
Between San Francisoo aad Se&netsaa Par*.
same schedule aa abore.
¦ JjetLT* I la XSeet I Anrn "~
Ban Francisco. | Not. T. a«fc \ San rranetooo.
Week I Baa- | I |na- Weak
Days. | daya. I PwtlnatJen. [ days. ( Days.
7:10 a/n t:00 am Norato. 10:40 am 1:40 an
1:30 pro »:30ajm Petaluma. «:05 pm. 13:« am
>:10 pm 8:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:» pm *M pn>
¦ - Fulton, :
IM am Windsor. IBM aa
. ... Healdsburf.
Lytton
Gejraervlue.
1:18 pm 1:00 am qoverdale. 7.-35 pm laapm
7:10 ami I Hopland I I
I »rt» am| and Ukiah. | 7:« pm| tin pm
7:S0 us I 10 a en
- t^0 am Guernenile. I 7:SS pm
1:30 pm 1 *:Kym
7:30 am 8:00 3m Sonoma 1:19 ami S:*0 am
and
i 8;io ta 8:00 pm Glen Ellen. 1:06 pm| t:23 pm
7:Wam| 8:00 ami ~1 {19:40 amp9:» am
1:10 pm I 6:00 pm| SebaatopoL | 7:35 pmj l:H pm
Ftaxes connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark Wen
Eprloas and Whit* Sulphur Springs; at Fnltas.
for Altrurla: e.t 'Lytton for Lytton Sprlnsrs: »t
Geysenrlll* (or Skaes* Springs: at Cloverda.:»
(or the Geysers; at Hopland (or Dnncaa
Springs. Highland gprlncs. Kelieyrllle. Catls-
bad Eprings. Soda Bay. Lalceport and Bartlett
Eprinsa: at Ukiah (or Vichy Springs. Saratora
Bprlncs. Blu« Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. 'Witter
Bprlnr*. '• Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day**. Riverside, t4erley*s. Bucknell's.
Banbedrtn Heights. HuUvllle,Orr*8 Hot S prims,
Meadoclao City. Fort Bran. Westport. UsaJ.
Wllletta. Lay ton ville. Cummin ss.Beirs Sprla^a,
Harris. OUens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets a£ re-
duced rate*. . ¦
Oa Sundays, ronnd-trlp tickets to all polau
beyond Ban Rafael at hair rates. -
Ticket office. ISO Market St., Chronicle build-
in*. R- X. RTAK. .
H. C WRIT1NO. Oen. Pass. Art.
Oen. Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Vij Siiualito Feiry— Foot of Jiirket St.
tv. wn r»a, a*. •»<• rn»H.
1:45 T. H. ¦ WEEK DAYS , p M
4:00 r. if.) Stay over nishtat the tavebn ( 10: « a.m.
%*» a.m.) - f 1.00 r.M.
U:30a.¥. -— .HLaUAYa ¦¦¦¦ 4^ar.j«.
l:l5r.M.J - UUr.iL
Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return. $1.40.
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St., & Sau?alito Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABST ST. Established
tn 1S34 for the treatment of Prinu*
nixpBses. I^iHt Manhood. Debtllty or
dl.was^ ne.arln^on body and nilmi and
Skin Dl»e«»e»VTbi» Do«tor«ir*»whea
others (all. Try him. . Charges low.
Cutt-'CUHrnntrra. Cnllorwrit*
Dr. JT. F. OlMBOS, U»n Francisco, Cal .
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the .funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1875 McAllister street, thence to St.
Agnes Church, Masonic avenue, between
Page and Oak streets, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose ot his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. . - ¦ = •
EISELEN— In this city, February 9. 1901, Al-
fred J. Eiselen. dearly beloved husband of An-
nie Eiselen. and father of Mrs. J. N. Crowlcy,
Mrs T. Duane and Alfred and Oscar Eiselen,
and brother of Max Eis<?l.n. a native of G«-
tnany aged ti years 5 months and 24 days.
iry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence corner of Twenty-eighth and Dolore*
street's, thence to St. Paul's Church. Services
at 1:45 o'clock. Interment • Mount Calvary
EVERS— In Oakland. February 9. 1501. Julius
J beloved husband ot Auguste Evers, son
of' Henry and Mary Evers. and brother of
Henry. Albert and Cart Evert, a native of
Oakland, aged 27 years t months and 23 days.
JOTrtends and acaualntance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock at the
I»II of Athens Parlor So 185. N. S. Q. W..
11M Wa.hlnston Ftreet. Oakland. -Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
OARSOS- In this city. February 11. 1901,
Henry beloved husband of Jane.- Garson. and
father of Mrs. J. N. Ough, a native of Ger-
many, aged 69 years and 6 months.- :'-'¦•
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 7:S0 o'clock, from the par-
lors ot the United Undertakers. '• 27 and ¦ 29
Fifth street, thence to St. *Rom'« Church,
where a requiem high mass. will be- cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 8 o clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to .attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 1:80 o'clock, from Garibaldi
Hall 423 Broadway, where services will be
held under the auspices of the Garibaldi Mu-
tual Benevolent Association. At 9:30 o'clock
the same day remains will be taken from his
~ late residence. 420 Union street, to Ets. Peter
and Paul's Italian Church, where a mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment New
Italian Cemetery.
BASSETT— In Oakland. February 11, 1801.
Henry F.. beloved husband of Carrie Baa-
sett, father of Berntee Bassett, and brother
of J. C. P. L.. T. R-. N. B. and Maggie
Bacsett. a native of Canada, aged 64 year*
10 months and 11 days.
BRIGNOLI-In the City and County Hospital,
February U. 1901 > Charles Brignoli, a native
of California, aged' 25 years.
CONNELL- In this city, February 10. 1901.
William Connell, a native^ of Ireland, aged
CZ years.
CrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), from the Chapel of the Passion,
attached to St. Mary's Hospital. - where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the reposp of his soul, commencing at 7:1»
, o'clock; Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
/ 10:40 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
stre*t»i - I
DE SHIELDS— In this city. February 10. "1901.
Benjamin, bfloved husband of Anna M. de
Shields, and father of Ivan and Bernice de
Shield*, a native of New Jersey, aged 66
years 7 months and 8 days. (New Jersey and
Boston papers please copy.)
(CTFrt^nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Howard-
•treft M. E. Church, between Second and
Third. Interment Masonic Cemetery. Re-
mains at the parlors of the Craig & Cochran
Company. &C Mint avenue.
DAWSON— In this city, February 11. 1901, John
Dawoon. a native of Ireland, aged 80 years.
DOYLE-In this city, February 11, 1901, John
R.. beloved husband of Mary A; Doyle, and
father of Mrs. Harry Young, Mrs.- W. . I.
Eterett, Mrs. Charles Achard and Lillle. Lou-
isa and Annie Doyle, a native ot Weaword,
Dublin, Ireland, aged 65 years.
BACIGALUPI-In this city. February 11, 1901.
Paolo, dearly beloved husband of Rosa Bacl-
'galUDl, and father of Antone. John. Frank,
Fred and Eda Bacigalupl and Mrs. A.
Mitchell, a. native of Italy, aged 67 years 5
month? and 15 days.
DIED.
Baclgalupl. Paolo . Lavin. Thomas P.
Bassett, Henry F. Lennon. Gertrude M.
Brignoli, Charles Leonard. Lizzie
Connell. William Lynch. Haxel P.
De Shields. Benjamin Lyons. Edward F.
Dawson. John McNulty, Daniel
Doyle. John R. Meeslc, Cain. I. G.
Eiselen. Alfred J. lieysenburg. Otto W.
Evers, Julius J. Nulty. Daniel
Garson, Henry Bcheper, Mrs. Helene
Gengnagel, Jacob Severance, Sarah M.
Green, Charles Shore, Martha A.
Hashagen. Herman Hklllen, Dora
Johns. Alice E. Swanson, John
Kenealy. Elizabeth
BIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
-^ BORN.
GREENE— In this city, February ». 1301, to the
*ne cf Thomas F. Greene, a son.
HARRIS- In this city. February It, 1901, to the
wife of Wlllard Harris,- a daughter.
PENDERGAST— In this clty.v February 10, 1901,
to the wife of Michael Pentergast, a son.
WITMER— In this city. January 11. 1901, to
tha wife of E. Witmer. a daurhter.
OEXOnagel— In this city." February 11, 1901.
at ht» residence, 1008 Valencia street, near
Twenty-first, Jacob, beloved . husband of
Charlotte Gengnauel. a native 'of Baltimore,
, Md.. aged 61 years 1 month and »daya. ¦•,.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited .to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at > 1 30 o'clock,' from I Masonlo
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
where services will be held ¦ under the aus-
pices of Herrmann "Lodge- No.- 127,' .F. .- and
A..M. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GREEN -In this city. February 11. ISOC
Charles Green., beloved, husband of AgnM
Green, and father of Karl Green." a native of-
Copenhagen. Denmark, ¦ aged • 37 years »
months and 24 dayB. (Denver, Colo., papers
ple.i?e copy.) -
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morfow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dlerks/ 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. y..u-;i
HABHAGEN- In Livermore, Cal., February
10. 1901. Herman Haahasen. husband Of , the
late Meta Haahagen,- and . beloved father Of
May Hashagen, C. N. Bolte and H. Bolt«,
a native of Hanover, Germany, a*ed \ 62
years 6 months and 4 days. ¦ ; -. •. • t
(LjT Friends and - acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, -at his late
residence, 1640 Ninth street, Alameda, Cal.
(Mastic station). Interment Masonic : Ceme-
tery. San Francisco, via 2 o'clock creek boat
from Oakland. . r -------
JOHN'S— In Lufkl Humma. near Anderson,
Shasta County, February 9, 1901. Alice- E.,
beloved wife of C. T. Johns, and' mother of
Fred and Herbert Stillwell Johns and Mrs.
Robert L. Hill Jr., a native of New .York,
• aged f J years 8 .months and 1 days. - ¦: : • ,
ETFunera! services will be held this day
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, at the. residence, of
Dr. R. L. Hill. 663 Albion street, Oakland:
Interment at Gllroy.: Cal. •-.:;-¦¦: ,
KBNEALY'-At rest, February 10, 1901, Elisa-
beth Kenealy, loving and devoted mother Of
William J.. John J., Grace M.. James F'
and Cornelius A. Kenealy. ..and sister of
Mrs. J. O'Connor, a native of Ireland;
C=TThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resU
dence, 124 Clipper street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of : her. soul,,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private/
LAVIN— In this city, February 11,' 1901,- Thomas
P.. beloved son of John and Delia - Lavin,
and brother of John, James ond Lawrence
Lavin and Mrs. Charles Wldman, a native of
Ban Francisco, aged 25 years 5 months and
10 days. - • - ¦ -.
LENNON— In this city. February 9, 1901. Ger-
trude M., beloved daughter of the ¦ late John
fend Elizabeth Lennon, and dearly beloved
sister of James E.. Bailie' F. . and Ella G.
Lennon. Mrs. James F. Conlon and' the late'
Lizzie Lennon, a native of San Francisco.
ITSTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 527 Church street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose. of her iscul/
commencing at '» o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. • ..
•LEONARD-In this city. February 11, .1901,
Lizzie Leonard, beloved Infant child - of
James F. and Lizxte Leonard, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 months. ¦' s i
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), : at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents. 1223 Filbert street, be-
tween Hyde and Larkln. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. \ . '
LYNCH— In the City ana" County Hospital,
February 11. 1901. Hazel P. Lynch, a native
of Connecticut, aged 40 years.
LYONS— In this city, February 11, 1901, Ed-
ward F., beloved son of Edward and Mary
Lyons, and brother of William, John,
Thomas. Norah and Mary Lyons, a native of
San Francisco, aged 31 years 5 months and 22
days. ¦ .
ItyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 563H Bryant street, thence to St.
Hose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. " . - ¦
MeNULTY— la the City and County Hospital.
February 10, 1901. Daniel McNulty. a native
of California, agred 40 years. rr.
MESSIC— In Santa Cruz, February 9, 190L
Captain I. G. Messlc, a native of. Georgia,
aged 78 years.
E7The funeral will take place Thursday,
February 14, at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. P. B. Tulley, Sixth street,. Gllroy,
under the auspices of Keith Lodge No. 187,
F. and A. M.
MEYSENBUHG— Near San Jose, February 11,
1901. Otto W. Meysemburg, a native of Ger-
many, aged 51 years 10 months and S days.
NULTY— In this city. February 10, 1901, Dan-
iel, beloved son of Nicholas and the late
Mary Nulty, a native of San Francisco.
SCIIEPER— In this city. February 10, 1901,
Mrs. Helene ' Scheoer. dearly beloved mother
of Carl, Emma and Willie Scheper, a native
of Germany, aged 50 years.
E7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully- invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the .parlors of
H. F. Suhr 4 Co., 1147 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment 1. 1 O.
O. F. Cemetery.
SEVERANCE— In this city, February 10, 1901,
Sarah Maria, beloved wife of the late Charles
C. P. Severance, and mother of the late Mrs.
Clarissa H. Davis and Charles W.. - Samuel
J. and Fred V. Severance, a native of Cov-
entry, Chenango County., New York, aged 80
years and 11 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:13 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 221 Clipper street. Interment Mountain
Vl«w Cemetery, Oakland, via 11 o'clock creek
route boat.
SHORE— In this city. February 11. 1901, Mar-
thi. Anne Shore, wife. of the late James A.
Shore, beloved mother of G. 6. Shore. Mrs.
Mary Robertson, Mrs. Martha Thomas,
James Shore, Mrs. Susan Perry, ; Steven
Shore, Mrs. Lida Hastings, Jeff Shore and
Mrs. E. Schinkel. a native at Cincinnati,
Ohio, aged ill years 10 months and IS days.
EKIL.LEN— In San Leandro. February 11,. 1901,
Dora, beloved wife of John Bklllen, and
mother of Charles, Mary, John Jr. and Her-
bert Sklllen and Mrs. Jennie Itawson, a na-
tive of Newport, R. I., aged 61 years and 2
days. ' - -.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
Methodist Church, Ban Leandro.
SWANSON— In this city. February 10, 1901.
John, beloved brother of August Swanson, a
native of Oland, Sweden, aged 46 years. -
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tcfattend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 948 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BAIT/WAY TRAVEL.
Q.LIET couple want 3 or 4 unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping with refined private family;
use cf bath. Box 15*6. Call office.
W A^TED— lly young . lady, - 2 unfurnished
rooms, centrally located, north of Market st.,
running water. Address Csfll Branch Office,
SCO Hayes at.
ROOMS WANTED.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
> city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
416 Montgomery st. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
LADIES — Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable: take no other:
send 4c rtamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" In letter by return mall: at drug-
lfl«t*. Chlchester Chemical Co.. PhlladeL. Pa.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
She's
Fast
She goes to Chicago
in & days-you live in
luxury and leave with
regret the Santa Fe
Galifornia
Limited
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
"- Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local ILlm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily .1 Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. Ban Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:23 a 11:45 a 11:03 p 7:» p
••Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
"¦Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:33 p 3:05 a
" Hanford 4:22 p J:J7 p 7:06 a
"Vlsalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
• " Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:C5 a
'; " Bksfleld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
". Kan. City 2:41a 7:»0a
"Chicago ......... 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
¦ Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars thrnuch to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class No second class
tickets are honored on this train. ' Cor-
responding train arrives at S:X p.m. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local.'. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily.
8:00 o. m. la the Overland ExDress. with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining: Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:J0 a. m. is Bakenfleld Local, stopping
&t all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— «41 Market street and la Ferry
De-pot. San Francisco: 1118 Broadway. Oak-
land.
¦ : — : ¦ \
|CH/C AGO I
'•LESS* 1 "
THREE DAYS
Son Francisco At 70 A.M.
Chicago, Union Pacific
& North-Western Ltnt
y~\OUIlLE Drarting-7{oom Stuping
I J Cars, Buffet, * making end Library
J-*S Cars, with barb/r. Di*mg Cars—
meals a h carte. Vatjr Tourist Car
Service and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions iv*rv XBieh from San Francisco
at 6p- m. ¦ Thi best of tverr thing.
J». tt.< RITCHIE
617 Market St. General Agent raelfe (tout
JPataea Botel BAN t'EAXVriCO
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
VI* SauiallU Fmrry.
Commencing September 30. 1S00.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
.. . AND SAN RAFAEL. t
WEEKDAYS-6:I5.- »9:U. 11:00 a. m., '1:4s.
1-15 -4:00 5:15," '6:15, 6:4O-p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and , San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m. • ¦ /. . -
, 8UNDAYS-*8:00. '10:00. 11:30 a, ra., n:15,
t:15.\-»4:45; 6:80, «:C0 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to 8an Quentln.
FROM 8ANRAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
. WEEK DAYS— 5:J0. '6:30. 7:45. 9:30 a, m..
*12:S0, 1:45. •3:30,4:30. 5:20 p. jn.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:20. *8:C0. «10:00. *U:45 a. m..
•1:40.- *2:15. 4:45. •«:«> p. m.
¦ Trains marked r (•) start from San Quentln.
FBOM MILL VALLEY TOi SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45. > 6:45, . 7^5. J:30 a, m.,
1J:J5. 2:10. 8:30. *:54, .5:20 p. tn. .
EXTRA TRIPS - on Mondays. • Wednesdays
(ind Saturdays, at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:06- a. ;m., 12:06. 2:15, 2:30,
6:00. S.K p. m. w .-:- . -, ¦
THROUGH TRAINS.
6 :55 a. m. week days— Cazadero '• and . way
stations. ¦ ; ¦ -:-¦---¦ - - . . ¦
¦ 1:45 p. • m. - Saturdays — Tomales - -and war
stations. ¦ •¦¦¦ ..- --¦ -x
8:00 a. m, Sundays— Tomales and way
stations. . " • . • ¦_WITNESSES WHO THREW INTERESTING SIDE LIGHTS YESTERDAY
UPON THE LEGISLATIVE INVESTIGATION INTO THE CHINESE
SLAVE TRADE AND COOLIE GAMBLING IN THIS CITY. " '
"They said they did not want to violate
the law. 'Mr. Kane ofithe Society for the
Suppression of .Vice has never; hesitated
to--break ! down 'doors. ; .That is - why we
generally call- on him for assistance. The
police say that they . canno t « break down
the doors without a search warrant. Mr.
Kane never - has a : search '.warrant i.when
we ; go to the . brothels In order to rescue
a minor." .; ; . ¦ . : : - * .:-.:- ; ,., .- ¦-.•.-. ¦•/-.. :\. .
Kequest. of Mr. ' Dunne— I ; . have : mat
white -, men acting ¦ for the ; slave dealers.
Jerome Millard ; is one of cthem. -¦¦;?'¦ •
, Miss Cameron .then testified as follows:
•.-:¦ "Last • year , I ; rescued a ", girl on > Baker
alley. Since then gates have been built
at the entrance to" the alley.' 1 There Is a
watchman on guard, . and > though he al
lows white , people' -to go in- 1 :am not.al-'
lowed to enter. ..r ' ,>< rU\: : \ ':¦'..;;?¦
' Request of Attorney. Dunne— If you had
a.warrant you, could get in-the gates,
could you not? .-. , ¦-; ¦• ¦'.,.•¦. ;v ;:
'¦ I'.'1 1 would- never { wait for. a < warrant | - 1
send / for, Mr. -Kane." ;.--. ¦¦ ' •' ¦
"Do you .know. a 1 nian named. Finn?" •
'Yes ; : : he Is '¦ thevwatchman at •¦ the gates
of i Baker, alley." »^; :...'. v ' \o -,
;"Who owns the: property on Baker al
ley protected ; by gates?" . ; ' <
/-••"I/ understand ; that 'it? belongs- to: the
Sullivan estate." ;. ¦ ¦.» . : . ¦>¦•¦;•¦
¦¦¦'\" What 1 ; Is the : nature of ; the ; property In
Baker alley?" ¦¦.. -. •.-..- , ,' • r%
"All ..' the 'alleys J in - : Chinatown - : have
"Why?"
"They - do shot -show enthusiasm. . , They
are not eager to get into the houses. They
have : often i refused • to break down doors
of brothels for us.',' ••-' •*•-*
"The police have never refused to help
us .when we wanted to go to a, house and
rescue a girl who might have ..written us
that she /.wanted to get away * from her
owners."; j V . , ;
"Do the police give you the proper as
sistance?". * '.': ,'...:- ;-./.-• • i. ' •¦¦¦;.¦ -.
In response to" further questions Miss
Cameron; eald: ;• - ' .v -"
Protect Their Clients in the
Courts. : •
They Act aa jWatchmen and Also
WHITE MEN ACT
FOB | SLAVE-OWNERS
. "Have you seen police 1 officers around
when white men have entered tho houses
of i!l-fume?"
i'Many times; In fact, every, time I go
Into Chinatown." . i
: "Have you ever seen a document're
lating to the purchase of a girl?"
"Yes, I have; . I. think we have a bill of
f.ale ol a girl in the mission now. I will
try to nndlt.and produce It before the
committee. Our attorney made recom
mendations for changes -in the State law
in- order to stop the -slave trade. He will
appear here before you if you desire."
Chairman Knowland— Yes, kindly ask
him to testify before, us. .
Miss Donaldiha - Cameron • of - the Pres
byterian Chinese Mission then took the
witness stand and was. examined by
Judge Laird. The witness told of .being
engaged In the rescue work of girls from
Chinese, brothels and had been so engaged
for six years. . Miss Cameron - was asked
the same line of questions as put to Miss
Lake and her replies were similar in
every respect. "j__-___
• "He comes into- court as the friend of
the- slave dealers and acts as Interpreter
for them. Our Chinese interpreters have
told me that Millard has wrongly inter
preted the evidence when the girls have
been brought into court." ¦
"Has any white interpreter told you
this?"
j "Yes, Dr. Gardner has told me the same
thing." * . .
told by Chinese that they had a corrup
tion fund and were bribing the police,)
"What do you know about him?"
"Yes; he Is a watchman and is a friend
of the slave dealers.". (Mlllard Is the man
who testified last- week that he had been
"Not . all of - them. • Some" were domestic
slaves. They all tell; of .bad- treatment
at the hands ; of .their owners." : . .
"Do you know anything as to th* sale
and purchase of .the girls?" :'.> - . -^,- -
' "Personally I'cannot . state, .but all ; the
girls will : tell :that they have - seen;-, the
money change .hands when they . were
sold.' r . . • '
'¦ Request..:' of - Attorney -Dunne— Do you
know Jerome Mlllard ? ,-<.'iyt'g^4WHMiWJMLijW
"Yes, I do. J If- the committee will ¦ take
Uioi r evidence privately- and ; the '; names
of the girls are not: published there will
be no danger to : them." /
"Are [ all the girls ) in the mission from"
houses of ill-fame?'-' .• "
Follow Revelations ; Made by
Rescued Chattels. -:.
• "Do you feel. Miss Lake, thatf the lives
of these girls will be '. In danger if they
come here to testify"?
Vengeance ;cf Slave-Dealers.^ Would
IF GIRLS TESTIFY
IT MEANS DEATH
"They would be afraid. to talk here; the
Chinese keepers from whom they have
escaped are threatening, them all the
time."
"If these girls are brought here will
the police give them protection both going
and coming. Captain Wittman?" <
Captain Wittman— Certainly we will
protect them from harm. ¦¦ ¦ , .¦"-•¦¦
¦ .
"Are these girls In ; the mission home
willing to tell this committee of their ex
periences?" ' .'
"Well; we usually lose the girl we aro
after when we take the police with us.
I cannot say It is the fault of the police,
but somehow we lose the majority of the
girls when the officers are with "us." ; '
"Do the police help you In the rescue
of the girls?"
"Yes, I have seen little children' 6 or 7
years old. I am quite positive as to the
nature of the houses I speak of."
"Have you seen whites going Into these
houses recently?" v , .
"Ye^, I .hjave. Before last week the
watchmen would object to my going In
because they said I belonged to: the mis
sion. A week or so ago they told me
that no white people could enter the
houses. Last Friday, night I saw
a white man come out of one, of these
houses. I heard the door upstairs click
and assume that he had come from, in
side the place. Before last week I saw
many whites go into these places, but
the watchmen would always prevent me
from entering. Once I went disguised as
a tourist and had no trouble to get in.
The next night I went as I usually dress
and the watchmen recognized me and
would not allow me to enter any of the
houses." • . '.;¦;¦" - »
Visit the Dens of In- •
famy.
"You say you have seen minors In these
houses?"- , "
Positive Statements That White Men
LITTLE GIRLS LIVE
IN CHINESE BROTHELS
afraid to talk, but wheh we get them to
the mission and they realize the differ
ence they all tell us that they were de
tained against their will in the houses of
Ill-fame. Some of the girls,', from ¦ whom
we had letters recently saying they, want
ed us to rescue them, have been removed
since this investigation began."
At the afternoon] session .Witness Leong
was ' recalled I and stated ! that ; he had ' ex
amined the records of the telephone . com
pany, but he'< could not fix .the 7 ' date 'of
Brophy's' drinking at ,a gambling bar.
Chairman " Knowland then telephoned to
the manager ; of ¦.. the r telephone company
and was > told -.that the i. slips referring to
telephone complaints were destroyed after
being kept a'few weeks. ".. -.
*. United States Commissioner of Immi
gration' H. H. ¦ North -: was . the next wit
ness called and seemed ¦ reluctant to give
any; evidence .* which .".might 'bear, on, the
slave traffic.^ Finally Chairman Knowland
put a series of direct. questions to North
who then admitted that She, had made a
special Investigation two , years ago , of the
highbinder questions' :.v . *V-'-t1 ' -,- v '. '.?
V; "In : making , that " investigation % for the
Immigration j; Commissioner North.
" Adds /.Weight; of Testimony . to
I'/" Revelations of Crime.
PEDEBAXr: OFFICIAL
V TELLS} OP, SLAVERY
"Do you: come here of your own free
will?" ! . . t
•"I do." • . . .
."Who owns ' the place where you say
you saw Brophy drinking?" .
j, V.Wong Fook owns it. I cannot remem
berwhen It. was, tbut It was- about a year
ago'.'",.-"'- -'¦<¦ ' =¦¦.¦-';'-.. ; < V : ¦-•¦_•¦• ' - ;-. •--.¦ ¦;
'•The witness was examined. at length in
order to' determine ., the date when he
stated' that . he saw Sergeant Brophy
drinking at the. bar of the gambling
house, and it was decided that he should
go ,to; the telephone company's office/and
inspect; the records -to determine the date
of the occurrence. •'• . . . ,
/The committee then adjourned until 2
p. m. %> ¦ . ' •• ;,' • -
"Are '. you positive that Brophy was in
the bar drinking while Chinese were in
the next room playing fantan ?' '
: "Yes;, I am positive."'.
"You* understand the oath administered
to you?" , . -": ¦¦ - r > -'
"Yes, I do."
"Do you realize the penalty for not tell
ing the truth?" V*
¦ "Yes."\
Request, of •.: Attorney Dunne — Who
asked you:to come-here and testify?
-• ."An Exarainer^reporter." ,
'¦ VHaye S Examiner reporters talked to
you?" -- . ' - -•.'
"Yes, they. have."
"Have^you: been- offered -any money to
testify?" .- , .. •
: VNo."'- :',', ' i - .... •¦
"I saw another policeman In a place on
Ross alley, but I don't know his name." "
"How was It that you saw them? Were
you playing fantan?"
i "No; 1 was in the houses fixing the tel
ephones.'.'
"Where was the house In which you
saw Brophy drinking?" • „
' "At the corner of Jackson and r>upont
streets."
"Tell, us all about It. Where was
Brophy?" .
"He was In the bar taking a drink. The
men; were ln.the'next room "playing fan
tan. The door was not locked.*'
"Who are the, others?"
"What are the names of the officers you
.have seen drinking at the bars of these
gambling places?"
"Sergeant Brophy was one of them."
"No; I have not."
I'DId you ever see policemen in the
rooms when. fantan was being played?"
• Police in Positive Manner of
•' Violation of Law.
"Did. they pay for the drinks?"
"They did not." \
Witness Leong: Accuses Sergeant of
"I know where all the gambling houses
are. j I know of more than ninety. They
play fantan in. those places. I have never
played myself. I have seen whites and
Chinese playing lottery, but ' never saw
whites playing fantan. Every gambling
house has a bar,- where, drinks are sold.
I- have seen police officers at the bars
drinking." ' - ,
SAW BROPHTST DRINK \
AT GAMBLER'S BAR
brothels on each side of them. I am quite
positive as to Baker alley being lined with
those houses."
S. S. Leong was then called to testify
and examined by. Mr. Schilllg. He said
that he was born in this State, though
he. wears the badge of servitude, the
queue, which was imposed by the Mongols
when they conquered China. The witness
said that he was formerly employed by
the telephone company, but at present
was out of a job.
"What^ statements have the rescued
girls made to you after reaching the mis
sion. .
"When we first -get - them - they are
Sickening Details of Life in China
town Axe Told by Ladies of
Missions.
Miss Margaret Lake was then called to
the witness stand and was examined by
Judge Laird. She testified that she lived
at the Chinese mission. 916 Washington
street, and was engaged In the rescue
work of the Chinese slave girls.
"What do you know of the slavery and
the traffic In the girls?" /
"Slavery exists in Chinatown. This I
know from the statements of the girls
made to me after they were rescued."
"Is it difficult to rescue these girls?"
"Most difficult. The keepers of the slave
dens have white men who act as watch
men. It is impossible for me to get to
the girls on account of the watchmen
Sometimes we get word from the unfortu
nate girls' that they want to get away
and designate a time when the watchman
is not likely to be near the house. It is
harder now than at any time to get at the
girls. There are five or six watchmen
employed and paid by the keepers of the
dens. Any time that I go into the alleys
where the houses of Ill-fame are these
watchmen prevent me from enterlne thp
houses."
"What do they say to you?"
"They tell me no white people are al
lowed in tiie houses."
"Have you seen white people go Into
those^ houses when the watchmen - were
"Yes, many times."'
"Are there minors in those places?"
"Yes. I have one at the mission now
who was rencued three weeks ago from a
house on Sullivan alley. w e have an
other who is 7 years old taken two months
ago from a house of ill-fame at 829 Wash
ington street. We also have a 5-year-old
girl taken before Christmas from a den
on Spofford alley." •¦'
"Would these watchmen in addition to
telling you that no whites could enter
the houses prevent you from going in?"
"Yee. they^would bar the entrance by
standing in front of it and holding out
their arms. ¦ " ¦ - ,
"Have you ever known of the police
rescuing any of these girls without be
ing requested to do so by the missions?"
"Never. ¦ . . -
AWFTJTi CONDITION OF
CHINESE SLAVE GIRLS
Officer Davis then said that he had heard
rumors as to police corruption of former
Chinatown squads, but he had not asked
to be relieved last year for fear his repu
tation might suffer.
Both Officers Connor and Davis testified
to taking part in the raid made last' Sat
urday night on a gambling place In Chi
natown, when ninety-five Chinese were
captured, together ¦with the Implements
used in the fantangame.
Police Officer J. Wade gave similar tes
timony to his brother officers, and his rea
son for asking to be relieved last year
from the squad was that he had caught a
severe cold and wanted to go back to his
regular detail.
Sergeant McManus then took the stand
and was examined by Chairman Know
land. The witness testified as follows:
•'I have been on the police force since
1SS4. I succeeded Sergeant Mahoney In
charge of the Chinatown squad. I did not
hear of corruption in Mahoney's squad. 1
never visited the Chinese Consul General
to discuss with him alleged corruption of
the police by Chinese. 1 would certainly
remember t>uch an occurrence. I know the
gamblers called Big Jim. Buckeye and
San Jose Charlie. I read in the papers
about these men having collected a cor
ruption fund, but never heard of it else
where."
"Was an attempt ever made to bribe
you?"
"No. never."
"Did you ever hear of any attempt to
bribe members of your squad being made
by Chinese?"
"No. sir; never."
"Did you aak to be relieved from duty
in Chinatown?"
"I did."
••why?" :;.'v
"Because the work was very hard and
I never wanted to go into Chinatown.
There has been so much talk In the papers
about bribery of the police by Chinese
that I did not want to go up there and
have my reputation at stake. I would not
do duty in Chinatown lor an Indefinite
period even for the salary' of the Chief of
Police. The public generally believe In the
stories of corruption."
"Do you know of any officer ever hav
ing been offered money by Chinege?"
"No, I do not."
"Have you any reason to suspect that a
corruption fund exists among the, Chinese
gamblers and \Mave-dealers?"
"No, I have not. I have never talked with
any member of the Police Department
about corruption in Chinat n, or with
any attorneys for the Chinee. I never
made a suggestion to my superiors as to
regulating gambling in Chinatown."
"Have you made many arrests in China
town?"
"There is not a single lottery place that
I have not raided at some time. I have
even raided private houses in the search
for the tickets. I never hesitated to make
a raid on the gambling places. I did not
wait for orders from my superiors. I was
in Chinatown in charge of the squad and
to do my duty, and I think I did It."
Sergeant Says He "Would Not Stay in
Chinatown Even for Chief's
Salary.
McMANTJS IGNORANT
OF ANY CORRUPTION
give before this committee."
foIJce Officer John W. Davis was asked
the same questions as asked of the pre
vious witness and Davis gave the same
kind of testimony. He had asked to be re
lieved last year from the Chinatown squad
because he had poisoned his foot and
wanted to be on duty shorter hours. The
witness was also not satisfied with the
orders of Sergeant Mahoney as to the
squad doing duty singly.
"I wanted to have another officer. with
me all the time, because the Chinese fre
quently put up jobs and I wanted to have
a witness wherever I went. It is a favor
ite trick of the Chinese to wrongly accuse
an officer."
The first witness called in the morning
was Police Officer Robert Connor, and In
reply to questions by Assemblyman Schll
lig. the witness said:
"I have been on the police force for six
years. I was a member of the Chinatown
Fquad on three occasions. I served in
1SX. 1899 and 1900. I have never talked
with my most intimate friends about cor
ruption of the police in Chinatown. I
atked to be relieved last year from the
squad because I had previously been on
«!uty In Chinatown and did not think it
fcir that I should be put back there. It
is not a fact that I asked to be relieved
on account of corruption in the squad. I
never saw anything in Chinatown to cause
me to fear that people would have a sus
picion that 1 was receiving money. My
only reason In asking to be relieved was
that the work was very hard and the
hours of duty very long. 1 made many
crrefcis of lottery keepers on my own ac
count. 1 never arrested any fantan play
ers of nay own accord. I took part in the
raids made by the squad under orders of
the tergeant. I have served under Ser
geants Duke, Anderson, Mahoney and Mc-
Manus. but not under Sergeant Brophy.
it was always difficult to arrest the lot
tery dealers and the fantan players. We
hai to watch our opportunities of getting
Into the lottery places or get . at them
through skylights. In raiding the fan
tan houses we had to break in the heavy
doors and when we got Inside the evidence
•mas always missing. I have not discussed
with any person the testimony I was to
Wanting to Serve in the
Unsavory Quarter.
Various Reasons Given for Not
OFFICERS DISLIKE
CHINATOWN' DETAIL
THE leirislative investigators of
the police held three long ses
sions yesterday, examined more
witnesses than on any other
day and learned less of mate
rial value to their primary pur
pose than at any other meeting-
During the morning session an effort
was made to show that different police
patrolmen, mho at various times were
members of the Chinatown squad, knew
of charges and insinuations cf fraud and
bribery and corruption, and for the Fake
of their own reputations had asked to be
relieved from duty in the district. Offi
cers Robert Connor. John W. Davis and
Arthur T. McQuaid and Sergeant Ber
nard McManus were placed on the wlt
r.«*5s stand, but not one of them would
afimit that he knew of corruption or had
ever had reason to suspect blackmail.
Connor declared that he was relieved
from duty in Chinatown at his own re
quest. Davis said that he did not like
Sergrar.t Mahoney's method of detailing
patrolmen slnply instead of in pairs, as
opportunity wris given for the Chinese to
$>rinp ur.founded charges, and. further,
the work of the Sfjuad was rendered in
effectual. McQuaid had nothing material
to offer, and Sergeant McManus was cm-
I'hutic in hie assertion that he knew noth
ing definite of alleged corruption. He de
clared that s'jFpIcion falls upon every
< fficer who is assigned to duty in the dis
trict, and very frequently this suspicion
is without foundation. Nothing, there
fore, of value was obtained from the wit
ness cJncers.
The committee then sought to learn
more of the local traffic in Chinese slave
girls. The subject appears to have Inter
ested the Invet=t:{rators deeply and they
are striving In every possible way to
learn as much as they may. They prom
ise even to po to the various missions and
take the testimony of slave girls who
have been rescued. Two women mieslon
arus. Mips Margaret Lake and Miss Don
aldina Cameron, were witnesses anJ
ewore that the difficulties of suppressing
the tOave traffic are becoming greater,
owing to the fact . that the . Chi
cese employ white watchmen. These
white guards will not permit the mission
aries to Ret near the slave tirls. Miss
Leke has even disguised herself in order
to get near the slave girls and attempt to
rescue them.
Chinese girls, she declared, are sold not
onl3* to lives of shame but also to do
mestic service. The police, the witness
haid, are always willing to assist in get
ting possession of slave girls, but every
time they- do assist the slave girls are in
vanalily lost. Jerome Alillard, the inter
preter, was charged with being an agent
and representative of the slave dealers,
und in his capacity as interpreter he does
not translate correctly.
Miss Cameron gave some interesting
testimony in reference to Baker alley ana
the high fencts which recently have been
erected to inclose it. The property thu^
inclosed belongs to the Sullivan estate,
and Miss Cameron declares that the bar
riers now keep her from getting near the
slave girls. By erecting these barriers
the Biave dealers protect their human
chattels. The committee declared its pur
pose to visit the missions and take fur
ther testimony on the subject.
One of the interesting witnesses of the
day . was S. S. Leong. a Chinese who
served as telephone operator in China
town until he struck for wages. He made
the startling assertion that on two occa
fcione he saw Sergeant LJrophy in fantan
gambling houses drinking Intoxicants as
the guest of the owners. While the ser
geant was so occupied, the witness said
fantan was in progress in an adjoining
room, the connecting door being open.
Thib was supposed to have taken place
at Jackson snd Dupont streets and at 7
Rots ajley. There appears to be only one
drawback to this ¦ startling testimony.
Sergeant Brophy has never drunk an in
toxicant in his life and can prove it. %
Immigration Commissioner Hart North;
Yokota, a Japanese lodging house keeper;
Sergearit James Donovan, Sergeant Chris
tensen and Officer Thomas C. Murphy
were T.-itnesses, but testified to nothing
material.
At the conclusion of the afternoon se*
eion the committee took the testimony of
Chinese slave girls at the Methodist and
Presbyterian migsitms. and at night sev
eral police officers were examined on
points which developed nothing of lm
portance.
The Police Department also attempted the theatrical last night and patrolled every allev in China
to&n, keeping every club and gambling-house open to inspection. This, hown'er, did not stop' the coolies
from gambling. The investigation is now nearing its end, and there appears to be practically no hope
that definite proof of corruption, will be found.
Further than this no witness could swear. It was the same in reference to the evidence on gam
bling. That it exists there is no question; but that the police permit it to exist no witness has been able to
swear. The inquiry has progressed no further than this. Last night the police suspected that the Exam
iticr intended to publish a sensational article announcing that several Chinese witnesses zvho are notori
ous gamblers had been spirited away. Representatives of the newspaper and a Deputy Sheriff jive re
searching for them all day, but claimed to be unable to find them. Captain Wittman detailed an officer
last night to find the gamblers, and, to the chagrin of the amateur detectives, the coolies were at the Hall
of Justice in fifteen minutes.
FHE lcgislatiz'e investigators who are trying to discover whether the Police Department is cor
rupt in its dealings with the Chinese were treated yesterday to an elaborate explanation _of the
slave trade in Chinese girls as it exists in this city. Mvst<fff the facts presented were new only
to the committee — the people of San Francisco have known them for years. Women missionaries testi
fied that Chinese girls are bought and sold in San Francisco as so much merchandise, and that the police
arc apathetic when their assistance is asked to suppress the terrible trade. The Chinese have shown re
markable craft, and employ white mm to be the keepers and guards of their human property.
The names of the girls were not made
public, as it is feared they might come to
harm at the. hands of the slave-dealers
who formerly owned! them.
One girl stated that her parents in this
city, had sold her. to slavery when she
was 15 years old. the purchase price being
$1900. She testified that she had seen the
deposit of $300 counted out in her presence
and paid to her. parents. She told of be
ing forced' to .lead a life of shame in a 
slave den, and how she had escaped to the
mission home last October. '
v Another girl told the committee that she
had been sold in this city for the sum of
$2200. She ha4 been also forced into a life
of shame/ and white men had frequented
the den in which she had been detained.
She also had recently made her escape.
*A third girl who escaped from the slave
dealers five years ago told the committee
that she had been sold Jay her parents
in this city for $2800. She had seen the de
posit of the purchase money, amounting
to $300, counted out and paid in her pres
ence.; ¦ _' -• .' .¦'¦¦..-¦ .' .," ¦ . ¦-" '-¦¦- . ."-i
The ladies of the mission produced three
lfttle children who had been rescued from
the slave dens. " The ladles of the mission
had ; watched '. these , girls .' from the time
they were born, and found. that they were
sold i to : the : slave-dealers when 3, months
old for $100 and $150 each. The slave-deal
ers-kept the infants in the: dens; raising
them- as one would- raise cattle— in the
Sergeant H. H. j Christensen was j then
called to the witness stand and waa ex
amined by Chairman Knowland. The
witness stated that ha had been on the
police force for more than ten years and
had served in Chinatown for four years.
He told the same story as the previous
witness as to the dlfflcultles which beset
the police in the suppression of gambling
among the Chinese.
"It is hard to get into tho places, hard
to get the evidence and then it is hard to
convict the men we have arrested." #
The witness then entered into details of
the raid made^ last Saturday night, when
a large number of Chinese were caught.
The cases of the men arrested for playing
fantan are still in the courts.
" "Who is the attorney defending the
men?" < . „. .
"An attorney by the name ot Shorts
ridge.''
"What Is his full name?" i<v - : A.' v i-'
"I don't know: it is an attorney by tho
name of Shortrldge."
Attorney Dunne— There is only one at
torney at the bar by the name of Short-
F cfi^irman Knowland— At the legal bar.
This repartee on the part of 'Mr. Know
land raised a loud laugh In the room.
Police Officer T. C. Murphy was the last
witness called at the afternoon session.
He testified that he had been an officer
for seven years and had served on the
Chinatown squads under Sergeants Ma
honey and Shea. "No one ever attempted
to bribe me, either a white man or a Chi
nese. While I was in Chinatown I helped
to raid many fantan games."
At this point Chairman Knowland an
nounced that as the supply of witnesses
was exhausted for the afternoon the com
mittee would take the opportunity of vis
iting the Chinese Mission and taking the
testimony of the slave girls rescued from
the dens of Chinatown.
At the evening session of the investiga
tion committee but little, evidence was
forthcoming of any material value. A
number of police officers testified that on
January 1 last 'they had received orders
from their superior officers that the doors
of the downstairs gambling places in Chi
natown should be kept open, but no orders
were given as to .the gambling-rooms up-
St Tho* officers testified that last Sunday
afternoon they were instructed that the
gambling places upstairs were also to he
kept open.
The officers who were called to the
stand were: J. J. • Rlley. ¦ E. Curry J.
Isaacs, J. Merchant, George Oxon, J. TV.
Scott, H. H. Hicks, E. H. Murphy E.-J.
McNamara, G. F. Barry and C. B. Kasslg.
After the police officers had testified
Chairman Knowland announced that as
there were no more witnesses in attend
ance the investigation would be adjourned
until this morning at 10 o'clocX. In an
nouncing the adjournment Chairman
Knowland said that subpenas had been
issued for five Chinese, who are the lead
ing gamblers In Chinatown, and asked
Deputy Sheriff Murphy if he had been
able to find the men. The deputy an
swered that he had not been able to do so.
though he had made diligent search for
Reporter Boyle. of the Examiner volun
teered a statement that he had accompa
nied the deputy sheriff to the addresses of
the Chinese and that it was larned that
the men. had left the cfty, b ;lng afraid to
come before the committee.
. When I Chairman Knowland adjourned
the session Captain Wittman went to Mr.
Knowland and asked for the subpenas.
"I will find these men in a little while,"
Captain Wittman said. "I don't believe
these Chinese have left town. It is all rot,
and' I will get them here If it takes every
man In my command to find them." . •
Iri a few minutes Sergeant Donovan,
who had been sent to Chinatown to look
for the Chinese, returned with Big Chlng
Qwong Hlng and San. Jose Charlie. The
three Chinese laughed at the idea of their
leaving town, and promised Mr. Know
land that - they would be on hand this
morning and bring witn , them Buckeye
and Wong Fook, who. are also wanted to
testify. . a
¦ The ease with which Sergeant Donovan
found the Chinese seems to indicate that
the young sleuth of the yellow "monarch
of the dallies" did not take the deputy
sheriff to the proper places where the Chi
nese could be found, and that Captain
.Wittman .In finding the Chinese had
spoiled another sensational "story-"
Chairman Knowland; after the adjourn
ment of . the -.committee, gave out to the
press the result of the examination of the
rescued slave girls, taken in the afternoon
at the Chinese mission.
He Is to Appear for the Chinese Ar
rested in the Bald Hade Last
Saturday Evening. v V
Government I found that the highbind
ers were dealing in slave glrlsi If™ Posi
tive-that slavery exists in Chinatown.
The girls are sold for immoral P ur P°3es
to keepers of houses of 111 fame and also
for domestic slaves. I. secured proofs that
the girls changed hands for money con
sideration. I think I have Photographic
copies of bills of sale I secured. The orig
inals were sent on to Washington. I
never had occasion to investigate the po
lice force. I saw Chief Lees when I *aa
making my investigation and secured a
statement from him and also from lieu
tenant Price." ¦_ _.
"Is the law sufficient to cover these mat
ters and stpp the slavery?"
"Yes: I think the law Is ample.
"What, was the result of your investi
gation?" ' —" —.
"Principally several hundred pages «r
typewritten matter. If the committee de
sires to see a copy of the report I shall
he pleased to show It.'* - .„
A. Yokota. a Japanese, living at o26.Plne
street, was then examined by Mr. Schillie.
Kota said that he could speak English,
but his | examination haH not proceeded
far before he demanded an interpreter.
All that he testified to was that he kept
a • lodging-house and -did . not know "any
police officers by name. Yokota will be ex
amined again, when an interpreter will
be in attendance.-
Sergeant James T. Donovan then testi
fied that ho had been on the police force
for fourteen years and had only been In
charge of the Chinatown squad for nye
months. He told the familiar story of the
difficulty of stopping gambling among
Chinese and the heavy doors, spring
locks, cellars artkl Intricate ways of escape
used by the Celestials to escape from the
police. He thought that a law allowing
doors of certain thickness in Chinatown
might aid the officers. It would help them
in- getting into the raided houses in
quicker, time. ¦,
ATTOEUEY SHOBTRTDGE
BEFENT>S GAMBIiEBS
hop* of securing 1 a big price »>„ ».
were old enough? * fie:i they
The elder glr-s told of how t v PV _
forced into debt for elothir.* an | 7f T ,*
years of bondage added to. Th« bai a W* lr
U!&$S2? mr ot the slr13 b *^™l
This morning the committee »m .,,_
lne the Chinese gamblers who have h»«
subpenaed. and important wltn*, £» !£*
ilkely to be put on the witness stand
Grand Jury Still in the
Dark.
The Grand Jury mel last night and re
sumed the investigation into the alleged
crookedness in the management of police
affairs. Nothing new was developed Aa
semblyman Wright of the tegbZattn m
quisUorial body repeated the story or how
he had entered a gambling-house in tha
Chinese quarter and won a f>w dollars
H. S. Thompson, a newspaper reporter*
testified in substance the saic* a3 ha did
"before the legislative commlttf*. He told
of having heard the proprietor of a Chi
nese gambling Thouse say that the Chinese
¦were paying for police- protection. Ex-
Judge FerraK who was the next witnp**
called, did not enlighten the jSry lie tes
tiffed that his services had been dispensed
•with.because, he heard, that matters bad
been so arranged that Chinese violators
Ot *£% IaW .S° lon^ r required attorneys
to defend them. Dr. Gardner of tha
United States service was the last witnesl
examined. His testimony was the same as
given before the legislative body.
The Grand Jury will meet again next
Friday afternoon to resume the Investiga
tion..
Charged, With. False Shipping.
W. H. Orr was arrested yesterday by
United States Marshal Shine for falsely
marking as "Glass, Handle With Care," a
quantity of nitric add at San Francisco
for Nome In May. 1900. "When the acid
was being transferred to lighters at Nome
the packages were broken, spilling tha
contents, which destroyed a bargreload of
provisions and consumed the barga.
There la no headache In Jess* Moore wM«'r.y.
That'i btcanse it is pure.
One Boy Stabs Another.
Frank Kemp, a boy 18 years of aye, was
arrested yesterday on a warrant charging
him with assault with a deadly weapon.
The complaining witness is Henry Mar
quard, 15 years of ag». Both boys are em
ployed at the .Tubbs Cordage "Works and
Saturday they quarreled. Kemp drew a
sheath knife and Marquard alleges mad©
a lung© at his heart, but he threw up his
hand and the knife struck it.
Girls Are Bought and Sold Into Bondage in this City
and at the Command of Coolie Owners Are Guarded
and Kept From Escaping by White Keepers.
Police Patrol Chinatown and for
the First Time in Many Months
Successfully Harass Gamblers.
MISSIONARIES DESCRIBE TO I NVESTICiATORS
THE HORRORS OF THE CHINESE SLAVE TRADE
THE SAN FRMCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEJiKUAKr 1^ twi.
12
Market and Tenth.
L. F. WEAVER, Manager.
STUDEBAKER BROS. MFG. -CO.
The thirty years' experience selling
vehicles in California brings results in
largely increased business.
Bailey's
Pneumatic mm:
WHALEBONE
>eRoad Wagon
SOLD BY...
dr.mqn.dlty:
rpHrSWfclX-ffXOW?* ANDRRMABLK OLD
I Bp*clallsteur«.t Blood Poison, (ionorrhoju.OI^^
Stricture, U.omlnul Wealcnesn. Impotence and tbelr
allied Disorders. rtooU on DiseaAea o* Men. freit
9 r %lPJ *•/£? x ?^ en^ T*rm-ir««OTi»blo. Hoar*.
UUon free anil sacredly confidential, C»I1 or address
P. BO8COE aieXULTY, M.D
2CJi Kearny St., »an Francisco. CaU
THOS. MAGBB & SONS,
5 Montgomery Street.
Three blocks from Market street
The buildings should be turned into
stores.
$25,000.
37:6x87:6.
BUSINESS CORNER.
TCy^^^HI^F^^B^_^^B%^^aShrwEl*L A 1 ' '
ALL MAKES!
100 NEW PIANOS
Until March 1st, .
$139 -
COMPANY,
217 Geary St. f
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ftTTrDEIUTCRft