Continued on Pagi Thre*
MOURNS FOR :
GRANDMOTHER
BERLIN. Jan. 23.— The Official Gazette
contains the ' following Imperial rescript :
"OSBORNE," Jan. 23.— The 'death 'of my
cate. Of intimate relations between Great
Britain and France. The paper adds:
"It would; be all right for us If he pre
vailed with, such views, for It would then
be easier to find again our natural posi
tion." "".
The Vorwaerta says: * •
• "He has been satisfied with the reputa
tion of being the best dressed' m*an la
Europe, and has never shown mental gifts
of understanding for . more serious condi
tions. His acquaintance with the demi
monde of all : the ; European capitals will
make it easy for him to follow In the foot
steps of the three iGeorgea."
The Cologne »Volks Zeitung emphastzes
that Emperor William's visit to England
Is of a purely private character. .
Emperor^WJlllam's message announcing
Queen Victoria's death to his mother was
addressed to; his -sister. Princess Victoria,
who took' the news to the Empre«3 Fred
erick. The latter was deeply moved.
Discussing 'the. relations between Em
peror William and King Edward VU. the
Cologne Volte* Zelturis:. which' admits that
there was a' "distinct "coldness" until four
years ago. say a: "Repeated meetings and
conversations, however, • cleared up mat
ters* arid their ¦ relations are now cordial.
King Edward's predilection . Wor Franc*
ha's feoqled off . in consequence.; of the Fa
shoda affair,"- and it is probable, therefore,
that; trie 'new monarch will cot throw hla
Influence ..with France against Germany."
gracious figures that ever adorned the
throne of Eneland."
The Post says:
1 "The Qpeen welded the empire into
closer bonds than ever before and fruit
fully upheld and increased its position
as a power of the world."
The Kreuz Zeltung says:
"The German people fully share the sad
event which has brought forth heavy grief
upon a kindred people."
The Cologne Gazette plays a glowing
tribute to the memory and to the virtues
of the deceased Queen and haila the new
sovereign as a gracious and affable" ruler.
free from prejudice and ripe in the ex
periei.ee of the world. "Those qualities."
it adds, "guarantee an undisturbed con
tinuance of the excellent relations ' be
tween Great Britain and Germany."
'.The tone 'of the press toward the new
Kins is .varied. The Post emphasizes hl3
most cordial relations with Emperor Wll-
Ham.'whfch. it adds, have not beeh'wth
out. influence upon his political 'opinions.
Th« Deutsche. Tages Zeltung points to
King Edward's close relations in- the past
with. the British Chartered South; Africa
Company.: Mr. Rhodes and Mr. Chamber
lain; « concluding therefrom that ', he will
not throw- his influence for peace condi
tions acceptable to the Boers, and calls
him no friend of Germany.' but an advo-
•f|-^.ERLIN..Jan. 33.— All the mornlri?
I L2^ papers are hlzhly appreciative of
||-j) tne •ate Queen Victoria's reign
and "concur in eulogizing her vir
; . .tues as ' a sovereigri, but ."while
praising her character, they add genera!
political reflections unfriendly to Great
Britain, particularly in conriectlon- with
the Boer war. "
The Tageblatt considers her death to be
of serious political significance in a mo
ment when Great Britain is involved In
\ the South African* war- and the Chinese
question is not solved! The paper adds:
\ "A* large part of the world which con
demns .the"~war In' South Africa as un
dertaken by r Messrs. Chamberlain' and
Rhodes and other minlLS speculators for
their self-ecrichment and the destruction,
of a- little -freedonx-ioviiig, heroic peopli
will, see in 'her death at such -a mom a hi
a large measure of divine justice, for. ac
cording to " trustworthy, information, it
cannot be doubted lhat the unfavorable
turn of the war for* the English arms dur
ing the past few months - bore : heavily
on' the Queen's heart" and contributed ti
hastening her end."
"jThe\ .Taseblatt al&o remarks: "The
nfenifoJd "threads of ', relationship ; between
Great Britain and* -Germany J cause Ger
many, ao' regard the Queen as. above all,
the % grandmother of our .Emperor;, and It
has proved * the- most enduring bond - be •
twee'ni the two countries." •
*. The A'cssische Zeitung considers.lt un
fortunate that the.,Qucen. cherished a
wish for the title of Empress, which cost
so iiriuch blood in India 'and 'also favored
British^* lmnerlaUsm.* w hieh cost sojanch
blood. In other parts .or the ; world. . But
the paper says: '<• , ....
- "An unusually fruitful life has come, to
an end. 'Her subjects not only , bid ' fare
well to'.' a pe'riod of ¦ British '¦ history to
which posterity will jrive 'her; name, but
they ;also have, to thank her for having
in. her ;family^and. court life set them an
example of '¦ purity,: arid 'truth which! \\\\
endure . for all time." . ' " \\
', The Boersen Courier pralsejs the Queen
as a model of beautiful human qualities
and adds: . ~ .
•"History : knows but few examples .of
such' a; pure, noble, womanly figure upon
a Ithroriei Foreign peoples accord tier the
palm as a noble woman and as an honor
'toh?rsex." j
- The ,. Berliner Neueste .'Xachrlchten
praises the Queen's good will toward Ger
maliy^ apd^Bays: ' ."She saw Germany's
rise;"without envy." * *
? Continuing. -• the paper^surmlses that thft
change^infthe throne will . not affect Brit
ish influence or. the* grouping of the pow
ers - tTj^Sp^
The North German Gazette says::
; 4 "The : British 'emotion is similar to that
which stirred our » hearts ' at the death of
our?Jirit^ Emperor.* ¦; As .-'.that - dosed th©
Wllliara , age In . Germany^so the^Victoria
age "Is ] now closed In Great Britain."
. j The Klein ; Journal says : " .
;»'**With 'her life closed a volume ol "{ho
history .'.of i mankind ' around -. herl Every
one will J feel the deeo ' thrill caused .by
theopenlng of the new age." .
y The J Lbkal ' Anxeiger I says : ; %\
;;;^The TQueen' remains ~one of the most
£ NEvv"^TORK, v < Jan." r 23.— A . Journal , gper
cialffrom* Liondo*n T 'sayB:-- r _In -her. 1a«t' lucid
rally^ before^death; the Queen | summoned
the^WnceTofffWaiefiandithV'KaiTOf^t^
her , bedside Van d ' besought ; them ;\ aa ! they
loved -her, r; to -avoid.* war* arid , maintain
peaeje.";:! *!•; .- S^^Sl-1^*'- ';¦¦'; ¦ ¦¦; '.' : .-; /
;.;,T^e ; Prince'and,Kais€r;knelt and swore
to do all in"; their, power, to \ reign in peace,
never ~\ tot allow* England ¦ and s ; Germany ; to
clash jand^to endeavor ': to induce all other
nations to do like wiie.V '^^^^M^^i
•'It'is riot for mere show that the Amer
icans, have "received theTiews of the death
of I Queen - Victoria ;. as . a bereavement '• of
their own and commented upon It in terms
such would ""employ iin ithe^ case r of
anl honored" President dying, in' ofBce." " ;•
'¦- ¦¦¦/-•->. -«¦—¦- m -~ ¦¦ i. ¦',¦¦- *;¦--¦
ARE SWOWSf- TO
:;> : AyoiD' war
greatest satisfaction that the King has
taken the title of Edward VII. They are
filled from end to end -with descriptions
of yesterday's ceremonies and accounts of
the reception jof^ the new/ of 'the . death
and the accession throughout th'eUhlted
Kingdom and in all .'parts of the world.
King "Edward's first, speech is also ap
plauded. • ¦ , ... ' : . .
The -Daily Telegraph says:
' "It was admirable, touching and breath
ing deep sincerity. It does equal honor tp
the monarch and "the man, arid wfil" carry,
a, fresh sense of hope and corifldence to
the couritry In its trouble." ; .
ICIng Edward will return to Osborne im
mediately after the proclamation- cere
mony to-day.
. Regarding- the cause of death the. Lancet
sa-ys: . ¦.-¦ ... , . ... ¦-¦ ... r - . . ...
"Death was due to cerebral failure.
; rransient but recurring. symptoms of apa
thy'and' torpor, with- aphasic'' conditions,
gave great. uneasiness to the physicians
a ; few"days before the final illness. From
Saturday these symptoms ' grew: steadily
graver,' but the heart's action was^ main
tained throughout and the temperature
was "normal." ; ' ' \' ~ ...-..-.
." Amcng.' the . innumerable' telegrams ] of
sympathy' that continue pouring In- from
abroad," j President McKInley's .gives ; the
createst .pleasure;* V / ; • < ,
-The Daily Chronicle remarks: "
.' "It- is- believed ; that President McKin-
Tey's dispatch was; the . first to ; reach^ the
Prince of .Wales under his! new; title, and.
Just as Frederick the Great was the first.
European ; sovereign - to * recognize : trie ' in-;
dependence' of the -United States,;' so now
the^ President" of ! the great republic has
been the first; \ to recognize tbe'klrigship
of the ; gfeat; t grandson V of ', the .monarch
against whose authority the;" American
colonists successfully
•C'Tbls V is * very- touching- when one re
riiembers- the visit of the, Prince of AValea
to Washington's tomb. Probably 7 it v was
some remembrance of that Incident which
made : . President McKlnley^^hastenl to 'be
first";, to salute > the* Prince of .Wales^ as
King,' and* the compliment,* ",we are - told,
was 'most, keenly* appreciated." ' ; "
The^ Standard sav's.\
services.^ , ; .. '•,-.'.'. "'.' .,' : -.' '• - . 'j J .
'-'¦ AH the Governors -have ''sent: on behalf
of * their respective colonies telegrams -of
condolence ' to King ;, r Edward ; and Joseph
Chamberlain. Secretary* of State for ; the
Colonies: J The ' Marquis 'of Lansdowne,'
Minister of : Foreign "Affairs,, has , received
from the German Embassador a" letter on
behalf of the 'diplomatic corps, expressing
its sympathy : and condolence. The com
munication says:
"".This sad event not only fills the hearts
of her- late subjects- with profound » sor
row, butwill r arpusc beyond: the limits^ of
the British 'empire the; regret jbf those
whom her Majesty was" known to Inspire
with respect and .admiration! Such senti
ments are shared; most sincerely- by [the
members, of .the 'diplomatic corps', , who,
having had the honor of being received at
court arid .-approaching. her l MaJesty,' have'
also . had the < honor ; of . those
rare and incomparable qualities", by whfch
that 'august sovereign; .captivated : .the
hearts of all who 'entered her presence^'* J
~ J 'The ¦ morning ; ! papers ; publish .a/ long
tribute ¦ from '.the 'Poet .'Laureate,. 'Alfred
'Austin., to" the' dead. Queen. ,';'•;• '*"';]
Orders ' have been . issued for , 6500 ¦ troops
to. line, the streets" 1 of _' London "for
the proclamation 'ceremony. " '.. .
The Gazette orders; the court '^to- go into
mourning until ,¦ July - 24, "and into '.half |
mournlngCuritll January.^ 24,^1902. 'Lord
Roberts* * has ordered • the armyj to ; adopt
mourning"untirMarch'5. ', .'^ -_-'- \ ¦. . " *
• : Memorial ''services' will be \ held ; f In r St.'
Paul's morning, and -; evening,
daily ;until the interment. --r_ At) the ' flrsFfof
these,'- held Rafter' the : regulkr evening~ser
¦\-ice ; yesterday, -some : 5000 "person^ r *-wei»
presentl ¦% Bishop. ; Barry^ read '^ the * burf^l
service, \ arid ; the - "Dead ' March « in ' Saul"
and '' "the , funeral^musicj^was] rendered^;/ Z
The morning ; papers record *'. with ; * the
death of Queen Victoria, adding:
•"The event has caused one universal feel-
Ing of regret and sorrow to her Majesty's
faithful subjects, to whom she' was en
deared by the deep interest .in their, wel
fare which she invariably manifested, as
well ,as i by many signal \ virtues - which
marked and adorned ; her character."
• Then -follows the. proclamation- of Ed
werd VII, the acknowledgment ' of alle
giance by the Privy. Council and the
King's speech at hfs accession.
After giving a* list of those who attended
vthe council, the ; Gazette j announces that
the King subscribed the oath , relating to
the security of the Church of Scotland.
It concludes with the King's formal
proclamation 'ordering all officers and
'persons in authority throughout his do
minions to continue: to exercise their .of
fices during the royal pleasure, and ex
horting his subjects to aid and "assist such
officers In the performance and execution
of their duties.-
The sorrow felt throughout the empire
is described, In a constant succession -of
telegrams arriving from every important'
"town in the colonies, all telling of the sus
pension of . business, \. the : ; closing < : of
theaters, the- display; of . mourning /.' emf
blems and- arrangements ; for : memorial
ry ONDOX, Jan. 24.— An extraordi-
I nary * issue . of .the -Gazette this
I morning, which appears with
-*w black borders, announces- the
One Journal. Declares That Freedom-Loving-, Heroic
People Will See in Vic oria's Death at the
Present Time a*Large Measure of Divine Justice
GERMAN PAPERS MAKE
UNFRIENDLY REMARKS
CONCERNING BOER WAR
PRESIDENT McKINLEY
IS FIRST TO SALUTE
BRITAIN'S NEW KING
Edward's -^Proclamation*. ,Orders -All Officers and
Persons in Au hority Throughout His Dominions
to Continue in' Offlee^During' His Royal: Pleasure
WINDSOR CASTLE, PRINCIPAL RESIDENCE OF THE LATE QUEEN, AND FROGMORE MAUSOLEUM
UNDER THE WINDOWS IN WINDSOR PARK, WHERE HER REGAINS WILL BE LAID BESIDE THOSE
OF THE LATE PRINCE CONSORT.
The Kins drove to St. James* Palace
frcm Maryborough House to preside at
the f.rst Privy Council, by way of Marl
boroush House yard, the Mall and gar
den entrance of the palace. He was at
tended by Lord Duffleld and was escorted
by a captata> escort of the Horse Guarde.
The procedure was exactly as on levee
By the time the King arrived a great
[ gathering of Privy "councilors in levee
cre.-=s. with crape on their left arms, had
taken up position* in the thronerocm-
Cabinet Ministers, peers, commoners.
bishop*, judges, the Lord Mayor, etc. In
cluding the D^ke cf York, the Duke of
Connaught ar.d lesser members of the
royal family.
Lord Salisbury, Lord Rosebery. A. J.
Balfour. the Duke of Devonshire. Lord
Stratheor.a and Mount Royal and a host
of the mo«t prominent personages in the
land wrre there to receive the King's for
mal oath, bidding him to govern the king
dom according: to its Iaw3 and customs,
and hear him assume the title of King
Howard VII of Great Eritain and Ireland
and Emperor of India. The ceremony
¦was interesting and according to prece
dent. The Kirjr was in a separate apart
ment from the Privy Councillor?. To the
latter the Duke of Devonshire. Lord Pres
ident cf the Council, formally comunl-
C2ted the death of Queen Victoria ar.d the
Euccession to the throne of her son. the
Prince of Wales. The Uoyal Dukes, with
certain Lordi? of the Council, were then
directed to repair to the King's presence
f> ewja'.r.t him with the terms of the
ord President's statement.'
Mingling with the loyal Dukes and
,,reat personages of the kingdom were a
I few men in plain clothee to represent the
' fact that the §gj»eral public have a nomi
nal right to be present- The King won*
& field marshal's uniform and the ribbon
of the Order of the Garter. As he began j
his epeech hi» voice was painfully broken
with emotion, but he recovered as he
went on.
Shortly afterward his Majesty entered
the room to which the councilors were
assembled and addressed them In a brief
epeech. The Lord Chancellor (Lord Salis
bury) then administered the oath to the
King. Afterward the carious members of
the Council, commencing with Lords in
Council, took the oath of allegiance and
then passed in tarn before his Majesty as
et a levee, excepting that each paused
and kissed the King's hand before passing
out of the chamber. This brought lh»
ceremony to a close*
By 2:30 p. m.. when his Majesty returned
Maryborough Hot^e, the crowd In the
T^ighborhood was of immense proportions.
TV? King's prior Journey was accom
plished in almost complete silence, but on
tkis occasion he "was lustily cheered all
alor.g the line of route.
Immediately opposite Marlborough gates
a tail gentleman. In front of the crowd,
waved h\s hat and shouted: "Long live
' tbe King," whereupon the crowd cheered
redoubled vigor.
Tfce attendance la the House of Com
mons vu large. AH the members.
of Great Britain and Ireland and j
Emperor cf India. Preceded by half a ;
dozen mounted policemen, the new sov- ,
treign arrived in a plain brougham, which ,
was driven rapidly, with the coachman:
and footman In their usual gray livcrie*.. j
with mourning bands on their arms. An
enuerry was seated beside him. The King i
wss. of course, dressed in the deepest and j
most simple mourning, and carefully j
mJsed his hat in acknowledgment of the ¦
eilent uncovering of heads, which was j
raore lmpr»**ive than the most enthusias- j
tie cheers. The King looked tlre-1 and '
\-ery «ad. but very well. Following him ,
came the Duke of Tork, the Duke of Con- i
naught and others. Both the King and i
the Duke of York looked pathetically up j
at Buckingham Palace as they passed, and j
acknowledged the salute of the guard of ]
honor drawn up inside the palace grounds. J
The troops there and elsewhere showed no
signs cf mourning, except that the bands
were not present, btt all the officers had
crape on their sleeves.
LONDON. Jan. 23.— At the meeting
of the Privy Council to-day the
King took. - the title of Edward
VII. King cf the Ifcited Kingdom
LONDON, Jan. . 24.— Edward VII was
proclaimed \ King : of ¦ Great 1 Britain' arid
Emperor, of India In St. James Palace" at
9 o'clock' this morning.
Official ," Announcement of the Ac
cession Made in St. James ¦ '¦
V Palace at 9 O' Clock This
-Morning. '
PROCLAIMED
AS THE KING
'; The serious aspect of this ' matter Js. un
der such condition 1 " of * things that- Lord
Salisbury's tenure of the Premiership can
not, endure longr.J and then the Unionist
Government "will : so to pieces.:;. ','
-.*• These ¦ warning words are said to refer
not to the Mordaunt case of thirty years
ago, nor even to the Tranby Crote scan
dal, but to a more recent :. episode;',, con
cerning which the , Marquis . of > Salisbury,'
In behalf of the Queen.^read the Prince of
Wales a severe lecture; .which ' accounts
for their now reported unfriendly rela
tions. ;
LONDON, Jan. 23.— Prime Minister Sal
isbury's absence from Osborne House dur
ing the Queen's last moments have not
been publicly explained and cause wide
spread speculation, especially in court
and political circles. . According to relia
ble information. Lord Salisbury remained
away owing to strained personal relations
between. him and the present King. The
Times in an editorial to-day on; the new
ICIng partly affords a clew to the mys
tery where it says, "We shall not pretend
there Is nothing In his lengthy^, career
which* those who" respect. and admire him
could not wish otherwise." !
Indicate That the Premier's
Tenure of Office Cannot
Endure Long-.
V ' • ¦ •
Strained Relations Which Seem to
SALISBURY AND
THE NEW KING
Buckingham Palace Is being made
ready for the royal persons who are ar
riving in London. Representatives of
all the royal families In Europe will prob
ably be present at the funeral, including
the Kings of Italy, Belgium and Greecd.
the Crown Princes of Germany and
Sweden and Archduke Francis Ferdi
nand of. Austria. All the European
courts will go Into mourning for various
periods.
It is understood that he will return to
Osborne this morning to direct the fu
neral arrangements. These were 'dis
cussed at a meeting of authorities of the
royal household at Buckingham Palace
last evening. At the College of Arms it
was said that the date of the funeral
could not be settled until it was know.:
when the Eropean royalties or their rep
resentatives would arrive, but that the
function would be held at the earliest
possible date for the convenience of Em
peror William, whose stay In England
might be unavoidably limited.
¦ - - . , ¦ . -'¦.-¦
LONDON. Jan. 23.— The King, who re
mains in London over night, was (driven
to Buckingham Palace after taking the
oath by the Privy Council and 'dined
there with the Duchess of 'Albany.
Subsequently he went to Maryborough
House to sleep/yV-i
Families in Europe Expected
to Attend the Solemn
Function.
Representatives of. All the Royal
London is taken as a precaution atralnst
any anarchist attempt on the life pf Em
peror William and not on account of the
neW King - 1
DATE NOT SET
*"• FOR FUNERAL
of her eldest daughter.
On Tuesday afternoon all the family
were In readiness for the end. At 4 o'clock
the Prince of Wales was summoned.
Half an hour later he. was joined by: the
other, members of the family. At \5
o'clock the Duchess of York arrived, and
the Queen kissed her. saying: "am
glad you have come."
The Bishop of Winchester began to
pray. The Queen slowly sank into uncon
sciousness. At €:15 p. m. the: end was
thought to have ¦ cotn«. ! The Prince of
Wales and several others walked" out. of
the room. But the vitality; of; the Queen
once more won the day.' For, another flff
teen minutes, with only the'-Princess f of
Wales and a few others - present. the"
feeble spark of life was maintained.'.
A large force of detectives" present from
, •
CO WES, Isle of Wright. Jan. 24, la.
m. — At 11 o'clock this morning: the mem
bers of the royal family will gather
around the body of the late Queen, which
lies in a simple coffin, the chapelle ar
dente. festooned with red and white hang
ings. The Bishop of Winchester, standing
before an altar removed for the occasion
from the private chapel, will read a por
tion of the service for the dead.
The coffin rests on a specially erected
platform draped' with royal purple, the
feet lying: to the east. The head faces
the simple altar. Over the features is a
thin veil.
For a ffcw hours before this service the
public will be admitted to the room and
allowed to view the remains of the sov
ereign who for so long 1 ruled over them.
The body will rest there until Sunday,
and It is probable that no removal will
occur for ten days.
The correspondent of the Associated
Press learns that the cause of the
Queen's death as officially given was
"senile decay."
The doctors have adopted this expres
sion as most suitable and. truthful. They
attribute the paralysis which attacked
her as secondary to the general -weakness
of her condition, nor Is It considered ad
visable, for reasons of state, to' Intimate
that her Intellect was dimmed '¦¦ by that
particular form of disease.
Details of the dying hours were not ob
tainable until last evening. It appears
that the Queen was moved on Sunday
from her big bed into a small cot especial
ly built with spring?, which was .Bur
rounded by a screen.* t This was to "enable
the doctors to reach the patient easily on
both sides, which was impossible when
she lay In a bed six feet wide. In this
small bed she passed away. . *
When Emperor William arrived * he
rushed In, without,.' taking off -his over
coat, to her bedside, and the first words
he said were words of regret that his
mother was unable to come;
"Yes," murmured the Queen, "I wish
'Vicky* could be here," using a pet name
The Members of th.e Royal Family
"Will Gather This Jffbrn
ing Around the
-¦:\t :T Bier.
SERVICE FOR
THE 'DEAD QUEEN
In the House of Lords the oath was
CSTcen by the" Duke of YorkrtneHDuk'e'.of
Connaught. Earl Roberts, L/rrd Ro«ebery.
Lord Salisbury, the Duke of Argyll,' Lord
Lansdowne and a hundred others. ' The
House of Lords then adjourned until to
morrow.
dressed in the deepest mourning, stood up
as the Speaker, Mr. Gully, entered and
announced that by reason of the deeply
lamented decease of her Majesty. Queen
Victoria. It had become their duty to take
the oath of allegiance to her* successor,
his Majesty Kin* Edward VII. The
Speaker then administered the oath and
the swearing: In of the members proceed
ed. Joseph Chamberlain, the Secretary of
State for the Colonies; Sir Michael Hicks-
Beach, the Chancellor of the Exchequer:
Sir Henry Caxnpbell-Bannerman, the Lib
eral leader la the House, and Sir William
Vernon-Harcourt were the first to sub
scribe their names on the roll.
LOXDOX, Jan. 21. — Following is the full text of his Majesty's accession speech:
"Your Roxal Highnesses. My Lords and Gentlemen: This is the most painful occasion on
which I shall cier be called upon to address you. My first and melancholy duty is announce to you
the death of my beloved mother, the Queen, and I knozv hozv deeply you. and the zvholc nation, and
I think I max sax the whole zvorld , sympathize with me in the irreparable losszvc have all sits
"I need hardlx sax that my constant endeavor will be always to zvalk in her footsteps.
"In undertaking the heaz'y had zvhich nozv dez'oh'es upon me I am fully determined to be a
constitutional sovereign in the strictest sense of the zcord, and, so. long as there is breath in m\' body,
to work for the good and amelioration of my people.
"I have resolved to be known by the name of Edward, zvhich has been borne by six of my an
cestors. In doing so I do not undervalue the name of Albert, which I inherit from my ei'cr to be
lamented great and zvisc father, zcho by universal consent is, I think, deservedly knozvn by the
name of Albert the Good, and I desire that his name should stand alone.
"In conclusion, I trust to Parliament and to the nation to support me in the arduous duties
which now devolve upon me by inheritance, and to which I am determined to devote my whole
strength during the remainder of my life."
KING EDWARD VII PROMISES
TO DEVOTE LIFE TO ARDUOUS
DUTIES HE HAS INHERITED
impressive Leremofues in the Throneroorti or bt James Palace
Mark the Advent of the New Sovereign 1 — Principal Nobles of
the Realm and Members of Parliament Pledge Allegiance
EDWARD VII TAKES OATH AS RULER
OF THE UNITED KINGDOM AND INDIA
-0LU31E LXXXIX— NO. oo.
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
SAN FRANCISCO, THUBSDAY, JANUARY 24^ 1901.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.CALi; ; HBAI>QUARTERS, SACRA
MBNTOi^ Jan. ¦ 23.-Millce of Riverside in.
troduced to : day a bill by which he hopes to
bring about the j establishment 'of .a State
Prison In Southern Calif ornJaT It Is en
titled I'An act j to" provide f or : the appoint
ment of a. commissions to. promote prison
reform, and to that end to- investigate and
report ; upon' the' feasibility j of. establishing
a prison for, the confinement and reforma
tion ; : of } prison ' convicts, to ' a Bite
theref or,-i arid \ secure : anf option * purchase
therefor and submit sketch of -plans and
specifications for said prison and to invest
tigate and i report : upon the ; f easlbilitv of\
segregating prison er8 ln ; tne , State p ,* 6 «*
Into- classes. , with- a.; view to . the confine
ment ? of j incorrtglbles ¦ at certain = Drlaon«i
and \ the • confinement < of those } capable of
reformation' at 'other prisons of the State
and ; to make an ¦- ; appropriation for - such
purposes. ".- -,:/%¦- ¦-"';-.,¦ , ¦<--:;--,- :..-.•". "
\, The 'bill 1 provides tor. three commission
ers^ to be appointed , by , the Oovernorr and
appropriates ?3000 for -expenses.
STATE PBJ35OX "FOBy;
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
EDTJCATION'AL'BIIXS /
¦UNDEii rasdussioN
V CAL.L. HE ADQUARTERS,' ,r SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 23."— A Joint : meeting; of ithe
Senate and Assembly, Committees on Edu
cation ;f-. t was ;' held '. this > ' evening ;* in order
that :' some of the * Important -' educational
measures now/;J before 1 the y Legislature
could ,be explained . by I some [one who ' had
been instrumental in having them drawn
: up-- v V' ¦ : ", v :'-.r-- : ' "¦ -' : -<\ ;¦¦¦- -'<\'.'':^-:' : --,
Mellck'B Assembly bill No. 10 and Tay
lor's Senate bill No. 110, companion 'meas
ures providing : a , compulsory educational
law.'i were i first . discussed \ by .tH.'^Wein-r
stock,'': president ' or, the ' State Educational
Commission;' and •¦¦ ¦' J.'-l'W.V: McClymonds,'
Superintendent •* of . Schools ; of ; Oakland.
.These 'Mils are the ones providing for, the
establishment 'of "parental" - J schools 'for
the ' detention I of ? truants," and • providing
for '¦ oxi ¦' Vattendance'^'offlcerA whose 5 duty
it would be. to arrest habitual truants and
have :> them * sent .to < the » parental • schools.
If was ' explained * that- some > such , way of
dealing with truancy,; was ; one of tho ele- ¦
ments of any: law on compulsory educa
tion. .-The \ bills " also . define a '"reasonable
excuse'.'' for ' absence from ' school. \ '
;.- Professor Beat tie of Berkeley, secretary
of - the " State : Educational ¦ Commission,
and J/ "W. i" L-lhecott,': . Superintendent *¦' oi
Schools of Santa Cruz, spoke on the bill*
referring to the ; certification | of * teachers,"
and Senator Simpson ' and ; Dr. l George • H.
Martin,.- spoke • on the constitutional
amendments and the bills relating to the
course : of | study,; introduced < by • Knowland
in the Assembly . and i by . Simpson ¦ In * the
Senate.' '¦ "v The o constitutional ' : amendment
provides f or y ? a : uniform s course ; of : study,
and, the bill provides for a State j Board: of
School Trustees.' in; lieu i; of s. the /^various
county 'boards ¦ now; in T existence, ¦ and the
uniformity £ ' of ' the . : courses v* of i< study
throughout :. the j State, and t forbids ¦ home
work and: more • than ; eighteen ¦ recitations
a week for, children, under 15 years of, age.
The , bills "were" drawn | In | pursuance I Of | a
•paper read ' by- Dr. » Martin; before, the -last
s^jslorl of the State Homeopathic Society.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
wide latitude and great power. But when such
an officer, "drest in: a little brief authority,
but most Ignorant of what he's most assured,
like an angry ape, plays such fantastic tricks
before high heaven as make the angels weep."
it is time for the commonwealth he threatens
with ruin . to call a halt. Exposed by the
report of the Governor and the • investigation
of the Federal; court; denounced by the great
commercial and Industrial bodies of the me
tropolis of California, by ; the ; presa of the
State | with I scarcely an exception, i and by tbe
people at large. It , only remains for this Leg
islature to set the seal of Its condemnation
upon this man of abandoned and malignant
heart.. Every Senator to -whom the fair name
and fame of our beloved State is dear, every
benator who desires the , advancement of 1 her
material Interests, and who would not--will
ingly eoe uhem stricken down without warn-'
ing Rnd paralyzed by a foul and dastard blow.'
should vote for S this ' resolution. 'The sword
or / Damocles should ! not longer be permitted
to hang ¦ over ¦ ' heads of our - people. • It
should be removed, that - at night they may
sleep undisturbed and by day follow their avo
cations without fear. Therefore,- I- ask, and
confidently expect of . this Senate," the unani
mous passage, of: the resolution. : *
•' Belshaw followed with a plea for a sep
arate investigation by the Senate, and the
appointment : of a special committee for
the purpose, but his suggestion found lit
tle i favor. ' ¦ Bettman told 'of his experi
ence a few. weeks ago, when he was Kept
out of the State of Texas until he could
get a pass or be fumigated/Cutter spoke
again upon . the fact that, had the State
quarantine not:' been. raised as quickly as
it was, the entire fruit crop would have
gone -to waste. To simply request that
Kinyoun be removed, he said, was treat-
Ing him leniently, r. He* remembered the
time in this State when no official would
nave - been requested— when such men as
Kinyoun, in the language of the nihilists,
would-have been "dismissed."-. , • •¦- ,<¦.
Smith of Kern favored the Belshaw idea
of' a' special * committee, .but Devlin op
posed the proposition on the ground that,
leaving out of the question all consider
ation of .whether Kinyoun wai right or
wrong on the plague question there still
remaim *the .fact- that 'he, ; ; waa '.unani
mously, execrated : throughout * the ¦; State,
and he Ehould no longer\be retained here.
Belshaw then wanted >to refer .the in
vestigation .to the Health • Committee, but
upon a point ¦ of order being raised - he
moved to refer his resolution to thavcom
mittee. ; Wolfe opposed the idea, and de
manded* the. passage of the Cutter resolu
tion as the proper one.;- He referred to the
Governors message-for proof of the; fact
that already, there had been : investigation
enough.-—. '-..-,. :-_- •'.•.,/ . ,-v,. :-¦-:. . ; .;
"All we ask,".' he said. _"is that they re
move him from this coast. ( .; He is an an
noyance to ¦•• us. Let - them take „ him
away.'.';>k;:..'-"s .--.;-. ., ; :/f- '¦ - _.¦.. ¦.->.•-,•
Selvage ; favored the reference of the
Want a Larger Appropriation.
\\ OODLAND, Jan. 23.— A committee will
srp to Sacramento on , Monday and'-en
deavor,, to induce . the -. Legislature •-- to • in
crease the appropriation < for the • fortieth
Agricultural; Association. .
CALL HEADQUARTERS. ' : *SACRA
MENTO. Jan.. 21— Atherton of Majin
County . introduced * in the Assembly, to
day a bill designed to. rid '. Sausalito of
poolrooms. It; is ; amendatory , to ¦ the act
relating to the organization of . municipal
corporations, and the -vital clause is one
specifying that the ¦ Trustees :¦ of cities of
the sixth class shall not license the "sale
of pools when the same : is made outside
of race tracks. .
...The ~.il ia designated ' as Assembly bill
No. 422. lit is so drawn that It cannot In
terfere with race tracks or coursing parks
and it may affect cities, of the sixth class
only.. Its author hopes.' it -, will not "meet
any serious opposition. v' "
ATHEBTON INTBODFCES"
anti-poolbo6m: bill
MENTO, Jan. 23.— It was time for ji
Junket, so two i ('solutions providing : fa
as many were introduced in the-Senat«
to-day. One was long and the oth^r im
portant, and the extent of both aroused
fears in the breast of Leavitt for/the
maintenance of a quorum. He was.reae
eured, however, and the resolutions" went
through. ".
The important one, submitted by Bel-'
chaw, provides that a special committee
of seven, composed of three members
from the Committee of Finance and four
from the Committee on •Prisons, be au
thorized to visit and inspect the • State
prisons at San Quentin and Folsom. The
visit to San Quentin will be an important
one from the fact that It may form the
basis for a motion by Belihaw to Investi
gate the recent scandal there. He has
said be would take no action in the prem
ises until the inspection had been made,
but he has said as well that there eeems
need of some such investigation. • ¦ ¦
Senator Maggard introduced the less im
portant but more" extensive resolution.
His measure provides that Senators Row
ell and Laird of the Hospitals Commit
tee, Senators Pace and . Maggard of the
Health Committee, Senators F./M. Smith,
Devlin and Bettman of the Reformatories
Committee and Senator Caldwell,- the Sen
ator from San Bernardino, Riverside and
Orange counties, be given permission and
the necessary leave of absence and mile
age to visit the Whittier; Reform School,
the Normal School at Los Angeles, the
State Hospital at Patton and the Normal
School and quarantine station at San
Diego. < AnHS»B8BSHBn "¦ -
Provides That a Committee /Visit
and Inspect San Quentin
Prison. „
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-
BELSHAWS RESOLUTION
PASSED BY THE SENATE
lution would be an Insult to the negro
race, and en his mfiioa the resolution
was tabled.
Berry's bill to repeal the act declaring
Lake Earl, Del Norte County, navigable
was passed. The author of the m«asur«
explained that the lake had never been
navigable except for the rafting of logs,
and that even that glory remained to It
no longer, as logs were now hauled around
the lake by railroad.
Assembly bill No. 33, relating to th»
stealing of electric current, and Assembly
bill No. 95, relating to exceptions that may
be taken by the defendant on the trial
by indictment ox Information, were both
passed. . v •
STBIKDTG MINERS
FAjCE OTABVATXOU
VANCOUVER, B. C. Jan. 23.-Two hun
dred and fifty miners who have been on,
strike for four months in. the Alexandria
mines on Vancouver Island axe in
straitened circumstances. Some of them
are actually threatened with starvation.
According to a letter sent to-day by the
secretary of the miners' union to the Clty
Council of Xanaimo and to coast newspa
pers, there are families which are in want
of daily necessities. Special arrangements
haVe been necessary to supply them with,
the food they have required from day to
day. A fund is being raised in Nanalmo
and the assistance already given will re
lieve immediate wants.
The idle miners compose the entire pop
ulation of South Wellington. On account
of a dispute in wages last September the>
men threatened to strike and at the sama
time the management of the Dunsxnuir
Colliery Company posted a notice to the
effect that tAe closing of the mines had
been In contemplation for some time and
ordered all men to leave their work at
once.
Cutter opened the debate on, the resolu
tion by, summing up the efforts of -the
people" or the , State to rid ; themselves of
the official Incubus,' not. primarily, because
of : his theories on plagrue bacilli, .but be
cause he ' had conducted : himself in ? such
a high-handed, unwarranted manner and
had done such willful, unnecessary, and
terrible Injury to the State. "Cutter -told
also of the efforts 'of - the State Central
Committee to have Kinyoun '- transferred:
and of ¦ the telegrams -• which '¦ had - passed
between the State officers i and VWashlng
ton on the subject.'.-.' He told- how,; when
the United States courts had raised: the
quarantine ' which • Kinyoun . • had : r . placed
upon Chinatown, Kinyoun V quarantined
the State., This quarantine was raised by
the Government ' as soon as it was . com
municated .. with; •»: but ; in the meantime
lasting injury had been done. In , conclu
sion Senator Cutter/ said: ; ; ;'
It Is fitting and 'proper, as we -all know and
recognize, that an officer having •: In charge
the health of a community should be allowed
Resolved, By the Senate and Assembly of the
State of California, Jointly: That, • for "the
reasons ¦ contained in the report of Governor
Henry T. Gage to the i Secretary of ? State : of
the United States, in the resolutions unani
mously passed by the Republican State Central
Committee \ of California, at a meeting : held
on the 18th day of June,- 1900, a dopy of which
was forwarded to the ' executive at, Washing
ton,, In the ¦ resolutions ' elnce. adopted by.< the
Chamber of Commerce of San ¦ Francisco and
other public bodies, - and in the universal e^
pression of the press of the State, r all of
which reasons . still, exist - and,' If > possible, in
'greater; force, • the/ President" of the United
States be and he is hereby respectfully but
most earnestly requested to direct that Dr.
J. J. Kinyoun, United States" quarantine .offi
cer for San Francisco, be .relieved ; from ' fur
ther service on the • PactQp Coast. » ¦¦ . ¦ •¦ -,-
Resolved, That the secretary of the ; Senate
be and he is hereby ; directed to transmit l the
above resolution to the President of the United
States.' ¦ _-;.-. ,.. ' '¦ ¦¦ '; •-•-.••
>-*¦¦¦¦¦•'¦•¦¦¦¦ " -
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 23.— The Senate has
passed the joint resolution intro
duced by Cutter, asking that Dr.;
J. J. Kinyoun be : removed from
the quarantine service of thia coast, and
in passing It treats the quarantine
officer to a roasting that for . a time
has driven away rain and fog and has
raised the. mercury in thermometers in
this, section generally. An attempt 'was
made to cause a delay with motions and
counter motions, but the Senate .'.; Boon
sifted the proceeding down to the - main
question, and sent the resolution -through
by a vote of 20 to 9. The resolution is as
follows: ; -
Vhofe matter to the Health Committee.
Bhortridge spoke of a stand in mpport of
the attitude of the Governor, who,'- he
said,: was practically on trial in the mat
ter. Rowell said that while he was not
prepared to pass upon Klnyoun's Judg
ment in the matter of , plague, the fact re
mained that Kinyoun's actions had been
hasty, unreasonable and overbearing and'
while the resolution asking Kinyoun's re
moval was not exactly to his liking, stilL
he would vote for it.
Cutter declared that the substance of
the whole proposition was not a question
of the- plague, but was contained in the
fact .that, • in -his baffled rage -over the
action of the United States court in rais
ing the "quarantine on Chinatown in San
Francisco, . Kinyoun quarantined thB
whole State. ,. .
. 7 And he Bhoul d have been hanged for
it," added Cutter. \ . .
• This ended the debate, and after the
Senate I had voted . down Belshaw's reso
lution it passed Cutter's resolution by the
following vote: ,7
Ayes— Bettman, Corlett. Curtin, Cutter. Da
vis Devlin, Greenwell,- Hoey, Laird, Leavltt
Lukenn. , Maggard. : Nelson, Nutt, Oneal,'
Rpwell. Selvage. Shortrldgre. SimpBon, Smith
or ¦¦¦ Kern, Smith of Los Angeles, Taylor Tyr
rell of Nevada, Tyrrell of San' Francisco,
Welch and ¦ Wolf e— 26. • ¦ \
¦ Noes— Ashe, - Belshaw, Burnett, Currier
Flint,' Goad, Lardner. . Luchslnger and Sims— 9*
> Absent— Byrnes. Caldwefl, Muenter, Pacei
Plunkett — 6. :*-.. • : i - "* •'•* r- . .- -"-•».
A" resolution of thanks to the President,
the Secretary I of - State, = Governor Gage
and the Senators and Representatives of
California for - their ' efforts in behalf of
the creo.lt of the State during the bubonic
plague scare was proposed -In the As
sembly Committee l on ; Federal Relations
to-day, as a report on .that portion of the
Governor's message referred to it. The
resolution will be recommended for pass
age in the Assembly to-morrow. ,,The re-
B Y^ Tal PJ^srapna ; of preamble/
eets forth ; endeavors ; of those men
tioned to have the : effect of * the quaran
tines enforced by Kinyoun minimized and
proceeds to the following resolution! : - .
> Resojved. By. the "? Assembly . of the State of
California, the Senate concurring, . that the
grateful thanks of the f entire people of this
?c ta £ e , d "« a" 3 ne «by tendered to- William
ri C v. K1I ii cy> E 1 * 81 * 16 "* of the United States to
J6hirHay^ Secretary of State, at .Washington
D.*C... to Henry T. Gage, Governor of the
State of California, and to each of our Sena!
tors and Representatives in ¦ Confrfcsa, forTthe
respective ¦ parts - taken by them in > the mat
ters in this resolution, above mentioned/ That'
Charles F. Curry. Secretary of Bute for tha
State -of California, be and he Is reque 8 ted*tS
properly ensross and certify one copy ¦hereof
f or; and to ; forward the same to ¦ each 'of the
persons ' herein " mentioned : ind tendered *¦ the
thanks of the people. • . • • -.. ,
Health Officer Flayed by Members for the
Irreparable Damage He Has Done.
STATE SENATE DEMANDS
DR. KINYOUN'S REMOVAL
The Governor Is squarely opposed to
the inheritance tax. He calls it taxing a
man for dying. He reasons that a man
who has accumulated a fortune to leave
to his children or other heirs has paid
all of the taxes on the property during
the years of its accumulation, and that
•subsequent tax on the inheritance Is
double taxation, grievous and oppressive.
"1 venture the opinion, therefore, in the
light of the past history of the university,
that standing taxes for its support are
not as productive of benefit to that
splendid crown of the common schools as
appropriations passed by each Legis
lature according to its increased or di
minished necessities."
Responding to inquiries yesterday the
Governor spoke frreiy of university af
fairs, expressing his admiration for the
institution at Berkeley. He said distinct
ly that he was not demanding the re
peal of the perpetual tax. On the con
tiary he was In lavor of supplying the
university with the money required for
its support. If more money were needed
than ih<» perpetual tax afforded, it should
be provided by direct appropriation. /In
his message, however. h« made this sug
gestion to the Legislature:
The term of Daniel E. Hayes as a mem
ber of the State Board of Prison Directors
expired last January. Until recently it
was supposed that he would be reap
pointed for a term of ten years, or at
hast serve until the close of the present
State administration; but late develop
ments retarding the management of San
•Juentin Prison cause a surmise that Gov
ernor Gage will soon announce the numa
of a new Director.
Politicians are slightly disturbed by a
rumor -that the Governor will make no
appointment until the Legislature ad
journs. They maintain that the appoint
ment should be made before the end of
the legislative session, so that confirm
ation by the Senate could give clear title
to the office for a term of four years. It
is readily admitted that the appointee of
the Governor would take his seat in the
board and hold office until the Legisla
ture of 1903 convened, but it is said that
he might not hold lodger. The point is
raised that a Democratic Governor might
be chosen in the mean time and that he
could recall the nomination made by the
f>resent Governor and send to the Senate
or confirmation the name of another per
son. The politicians hold that danger of
a Democratic administration of State af
fairs is remote, yet titty insist that no
chances should be taken. -V,-. •
Governor Gape arrived In this city from
Ijos Angeles yesterday forenoon and left
for Sacramento at 6 p. m. He was busy
at the Palace Hotel until nearly train
lime. It was understood that affairs con
cerning San Quentin Prison and the State
Board of Harbor Commissioners engaged
his attention. Several well known appli
cants for the honor and emoluments of
service on the corritalsslon were in the
court of the Palace. Major P. J. Har
ney'fi four-year term as Commissioner
will expire on March 19 next and appli
cants to pucceed him are legion.
"It is to be hoped that our Sena
tors and Representatives in Congress
may induce the United States Gov
ernment to make up this shortage
without further demands upon the
State; but should this be- found im
possible, and should the national
Government insist that the original
plan obligated the State to pay half
of the expense of the completed work,
then, in view of the great benefit to
be derived, rather than see the work
fail or remain incomplete after the
expenditure of $500,000 thereon, of
which sum the State has already ap
propriated §250,000, it would be
well perhaps to make an appropria
tion for the payment of half of such
balance."
Dispatches from Sacramento represent
that Assemblyman Ralston "of-- Calaveras
is holding up the appropriation. It was
surmised that he received a hint from the
Governor that an appropriation of $150,000
was undesirable. As the Governor In his
message practically recommends the al
lowance, the representatives of the min
ing interests In California arc wondering
from what source Ralston is obtaining his
inspiration to light the appropriation.
Governor Gagre has not taken a ftand
in opposition to the measure appropriat
ing $150,000 to complete the work project
ed for the protection of mining and agri
cultural interests. In his message to the
Legislature he said:
••You will observe that, in order to final
ly complete the. work undertaken, either
the State alone or the nation and State
will be required to furnish $300,000.
Friends and supporters of the State
University are not alarmed ! or uneasy
concerning the Governor's attitude
toward the institution. It is called to
mind that the Governor appointed to the
Board of Regents such eminent men as
Stephen M. White, W« II. L. Barnes,
George C. Pardee and A. W. Foster. The
incident Is also recalled that the Gov
ernor actively favored the election of
Benjamin lde Wheeler to the /presidency
of the university. ;c";:
Mellck, v Carter and Savage made
speeches in favor of the measure, and
throughout the debate it was evident that
Southern California was lined up solidly
for it. The San Francisco delegation
voted against it almost to a man.
The committee on contested elections
made its report of the contest of Lacy
versus Franklin in the Twenty-eighth Dis
trict and recommended that Franklin be
declared regularly seated. A resolution
to .that effect, offered by the committee,
was adopted.
• A resolution offered by Henry of San
Francisco directing the sergeant-at-arms
to exclude "Long John" "Wilkins from tha
Assembly chamber was promptly shelved.
Henry said in its defense that he and
every other member of the house was be
ing, pestered every day by Wilkins In his
attempt to have his claim put through.
Schleslnger eaid the adoption of the reso-
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 23.— Melick's bill to make
the Ithef t of a bicycle grand larceny came
up for passage in the Assembly this morn
ing and precipitated a long debate. On
roll call the bill was passed by a. vote of
48 to 20. ' • .
Johnson favored the bill, which had the
support .of the League of American
Wheelmen. Cowan argued in opposition.
He claimed that present laws were ade
quate and that . a law making - bicycle
stealing a felony would fall of its object,
for no Jury would send a man to San
Quentin for stealing a fifteen-cent bicycle.
He said it would be vicious legislation to
make it possible to send a. poor tramp to
State prison who maybe had taken a
wheel only In order to escape from an
officer. • - . ' % . " •»¦- ".-¦
Melick's Bill Meets Considerable Op
position, but Goes Through.
the Assembly.
The committee met at 3:30 "o'clock this
afternoon and promptly went Into execu
tive session. Chairman Bliss informed the
members that W. W. Foote had communi
cated with him by telephone yesterday
afternoon; Commissioner Runyon- being
present in Foote's office at the time. And
had informed him that they were willing
to come before the committee at any tlma
without the formality of a subpena. Mr.
Foote said that .they expected to be able
to close their - accounts - within ten days
or two weeks and to present a final report
and file the vouchers.
The committee debated at some length
as to what methods of procedure to adopt.
Stewart of Amador contended that the
• . -
MAKES THE STKAT.TTTQ
OF BICYCLE A FELONY
CALL HEADQUARTERS, BACRA
MENTO, Jan. 23.— The Committee on
Commissions and Public Expenditures,
booted and spurred and tied In Its saddle
by the Assembly; but still very much
afraid of its horse, will make Its first sally
into, the field of Paris . Commission af
fairs next Tuesday afternoon. That much'
was decided at an executive session of
the reluctant investigators this afternoon.
So much decided in secret, they say that
the investigation Itself . will be public.
They will hire a hall downtown ana make
the Xexowing of the commission the so
cial feature of the session. '
Assembly resolution forcing the Investi
gation was In effect a direct charge of
malfeasance in office, and that following
the rule In civil actions the accusers
should be examined first. He moved that
Grove L. Johnson, who offered the reso
lution, be subpenaed and examined first.
Treadwell seconded the motion, but after
ward withdrew his second, and the com
mittee decided to begin with the examina
tion of the Commissioners themselves.
If it suits the convenience of Commis
sioners Foote and Runyon, the Investiga
tion will begin ¦ on Tuesday afternoon.
Chairman Bliss will find a nail conven
iently near the Capitol and tha committee
will start in upon Foote and Runyon, Sec
retary Gaskilf and such vouchers they
produce by a sort of hit-and-miss plan,
each member going after whatever scan
dal has bespattered the walls of bis mem
ory.
If Major Ben Truman gets home from
Europ> tn time he will be subpena*d.
George Rice, publisher or the Graphic of
Los Angeles, Truman's paper, has writ
ten to llellck asking if ho will get hi*
expenses paid for comics: north to tell
what he knows of the perfidy of Foote
and Runyon. Mellck replied that Rica
had offered as a citizen to help expose
malfeasance and that he could show his
disinterested public spirit by coming north,
at his own expense. *
Gage Is Not Demanding Repeal of Standing
Tax to Support the University.
ASPIRANTS FOR OFFICE
BESIEGE THE GOVERNOR
Investigation . Will Be Made the Social Affair
of the Legislative Session.
PLANS FOR LEXOWING
OF PARIS COMMISSION
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAtlRA
MENTO. Jan. 23— The bills ap
propriating J150.0U0 to complete the
p!an*cf the Government engineers
for impounding debris fared well
fit the bands of committees to-day, for
the Assembly bill was favorably consid
ered by the Assembly Committee on
Mines, when it was feared there was dan
ger* of it being turned down, and the Sen
ate bill of similar import was similarly
dealt with by the Senate Finance Com
minee. Doth will be recommended for
passage in the separate houses to-morrow.
In view of an antag-onlem to the bill
shown in the Assciablv Committee on
Mines, it was expected there would be
Fornething of a row, and there were some
words over the measure, but in the end
there was no dissenting voice when a vote
v.-as taken on a motion that the bill be
reported back with the recommendation
that it pass. It wa? a viva voce
vote, however, and Ray. Duryea and Rals
ton, the three who spoko against the bill,
did not vote either tray.
Lieutenant Governor JCeff was present,
bvA when the bill came up for consider
ation he was asked to address the com
mittee. He was- deeply interested in the
measure, he said, and he did not under
ttifnd the antagonism to it, in view of
the pledges made to Congressman Woods
and the representations he' had made in
Congress.
Ray of Coulterville, a Democrat, was
the first to speak against the bill. He
said the general opinion was that the bill
was a mining measure pure and simple.
but he had always be^n sure it was a
compromise measure. He referred also to
a threat he had heard to the effect that
the valley men would not allow the ear
ning on of hydraulic mining:, even be
hind the barriers proposed, and he wished
to know how much better off the miners
would be then.
Irish subsequently disposed of this con- fl
tfntion ny saying that with the dams ,hy«
draulic mining would not Injure the farm
ers, and therefore they could have no.
cause upon which to enjoin the miners.
Ray also declared that Colonel Heuer of
"Now as to this $150,000, I'll vote for it
because I think it is a benefit to the riv
ers and harbors of California, but I
don't think it will .benefit the miners one
-iota."
The friends of the measure-Laird.
Rutherferd, Irish and Chandler— urged
the good faith of the State, the petition*
of the Miners' Association,, the pledges
and promises made and the assurance on
the part of Colonel Heuer that no work
woufd be done until the whole appropri
ation was in sight. They denied that
the dams were for the benefit of the
rivers, for the rivers were getting along
very well without them, and they main
tained that thia plan was the only- means
found, after years of Investigation of
the- question, that would allow the hy
draulic miners to work without damage
to the country below them.
Ralston and Ray declared more than
once that Colonel Heuer. had made con
tradictory statements,, but Irish silenced
comment of that kind by stating that
Colonel Heuer : had courted questions
after his address to the committee, and
It looked as if he "had purposely been al
lowed to go unquestioned in order that
his statements migrht • be brought up in
his absence, when he could not set them
right.
A vote was then taken on the propo
sition to recommend that it do pass, and
it was carried.
the Debris Commission had said that $o00,
000 was more than he could use in a long
time, and Governor NeflT Interrupted to
call attention to Heuer's statement that
nor one dollar would be used until the
SSOO.000 was in sight
Duryea was also in doubt as to the
propriety of voting for the appropriation
before It was needed, despite the fact that
the bill makes it payable two years from
now. He maintained the bill . was a
river and harbor improvement measure,
and could not be considered a miner's
measure.
Ralston spoke in the same strain, the
burden of his words being that the $150, ~
000 should not be appropriated until . the
$500,00$ or part -of it had been expended.
In conclusion he paid:
PLACES FOR FIVE
CAMP FOLLOWERS
*
Republican Assembly Caucus
Adds to the Attache List.
»¦" ¦• — ?_ i —
Special Dispatch t« The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 23.— The hunger for
patronage is .not yet appeased.
Disregarding the strong adverse
sentiment created by former re
peated additions to the list of attaches,
a Republican caucus .this afternoon de
cided' to give "five more men positions
where they will be able, in the words of
Grove L. Johnson, "to render valuable
service to the State." .
The caucus was not a harmonious one
by any means, and the place-hunting
¦ schemes were carried through against the
judgment of a large number of the mem
bers, malnly^by virtue of the strength
of lungs of the San Francisco crowd, as
sisted .by the favors of Joe Kelley, chair
man of the caucus, and the parliamentary
skill of Johnson. ;.-. '
Jacob Steppacher is to be put on the
salary roll as a" reapportionment clerk.
In -reality he is to be a clerk to the San
Francisco delegation, mainly to look out
for its. reapportionment Interests. When
the proposition was first made in the cau
cus It was voted down, but Johnson intro
duced another resolution to the same ef
fect, and when It came to vote the San
Francisco delegation shouted louder than
before : and the resolution was declared
adopted, 'Steppacher will get $5 a day.
He would have been called a committee
clerk, but that would have fixed his sal
ary at $4.
Thomas Delahanty. a member of the Re
publican County Central Committee of
San Francisco, will be made clerk of the
Committee on Engrossment and enroll
ment. . Franklin, Martin Kelly's man from
the Twenty-eighth District and chairman
of the committee, asked for the appoint
ment, frankly stating that Delahanty had
been hanging around him ever since he
had been in Sacramento, and that he had
to feed him and was getting tired of it
Hourigan, author of telephone bills, also
said that he had been helping to feed I>el
ahanty and wouldn't star.u for It any
longer. ' This argument was convincing,"
and, although It was pointed out that tha
committee already had a clerk, Franklin's
resolution was adopted.
The first question that came up in cau
cus was a proposal to place two tempo
rary appointees of Sergeant-at-Arms
Banks on the regular pay roll. Banks
¦was sent tor and said that the extra men
were needed, especially in view of tha
extra railing that is to be put hi for
the "members' • lobby." Some one said
it was specifically understood that extra
attaches 'were not to be detnanded on
account of the new lobby, but no one ven
tured an explanation.
Then "Major" William Geary was
named as a tile clerk, although two men
have been successively appointed to that
position and each in turn transferred to
other positions not statutory.
After Jake Steppacher had been taken
care of and Franklin had put forth -his
unique but successful plea for a special
clerk, the caucus adjourned and Marti a
Kelly, who was waiting outside In tha
corridor, was joined immediately by
Franklin in high glee.
Kelley -will be under the necessity of
offering the resolution to-morrow placing
these additional attaches on the pay roll,
and will have to face a minority already
indignant at repeated raids of this sort
on the treasury and also a large number
of Republicans who feel outraged by this
latest and boldest bit of treasury looting.
It will not be a pleasant position for tha
caucus chairman and the resolution will
not be adopted -without a fight.
Among the men who protested in cau
cus, but who will have to be Bllent In tha
face of Democratic criticism, are Rad
cliff. Brown of San Mateo. Webber.
Knowland and Macbeth.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
'¦-- .»-"•¦ "
IRISH SILENCES
CALAVERAS MAN
Committees of the Senate and
Assembly Favor Debri§^Bill.
RALSTON FAILS TO KILL MINING APPROPRIATION
THE \SAJS FK ANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 24, l»pi.
2
Oratorical Spellbind
ers of the Senate and
Assembly Wooing the
Votes iofrTHeir Feflow
tefirSslatorS' °From
Snapshots Taken by
Cartoonist Warren.
- ; , To; Cure^a^Cold^iniOneiDay- ,:'
Take < Laxative" Bromo £ Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund t the I money | if It fails to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box. 25c •
¦ ' ;..:-: ... ' =' -'-".I ': '-- ' "' ','-¦ ¦' - --¦
SELLING OPT,
, :We are selling oat stock in nearly every line except groceries and
provisions to make room for the
H BIG DEPARTMENT STORE,
Which will open in S. C. a. Buildingr during next month. Unheard-of prices
are named air along the line. Come to-day if you can. A few things men-
tioned in each /department. All staple goods. •
Men's heavy gray winter undershirts 20c Ladies' ct misses* strong shoes. 1 to 1 03©
Ladles' winter-weight underwear..... .-Oo Ladies' or misses' Sunday saoes 95o
Extra sizes for ladies' tl goods... t 4Ue Men's medium-weight congress or DaIs..fjl.2S
Combination suits, ladle*' or child's... 4Oo Boys" cloth hats. 80c kind 25c
Wool hoods (dark), Jl kind .S»e Men's work gloves, good to wear zSe
Saxony: yarn, variety of colors, best.. ..7 l--o Men's neckwear., closlos lots .\.loo
Scissors,: 4 to 7 inch, i-blt kind. V.Bo, lOo Boys' J-plece suits, your choice K2.0O
Felt hats, ladles' or misses', closing lOe Young men's S-pieee raits, 17, 18, U £4.00
Table damask, red. fast color... ....13o Goir caps, men's or boys' 15o
Zephyr, best 2 or 4 fold, now....."......* l-2c Little boys" overalls. » to • years ioa
Butchers' and grocers' passbooks, dosen....Go Wallpaper, ln lots, slngie piece a l-2o
Matting, special, worth 80c per yard ...Bo Carpet, yard wide, good to wear \Se
Hoods for the north,' sheep lined..... .10c Men's fur coats or parkays $3.3u
inr Vnil illTCDCCTCD In the sale of" goods? Do you want a department
Ant TuU III I tlitO I LlJ at nominal rent or rent free for the sale of any
nilL VrV J'V'r" of the following articles or others, to wit: Boots
and shoes, wearing apparel, gloves, hats and caps, stationery or books, frames or
toys, notions, dry goods, : musical Instruments. Jewelry, bicycles, floor . coverings,
window' fixtures, ; furniture, millinery, : J-jpanese goods, wallpaper— several lines
yet to dispose of? Tha business awaits the right man at once. Inquire of
ing Goods, Asbestos Goods, Traveling "i/^^3 il^^S PH " el P3 1?3'^.^^bT
turfngr Business, Offices or Sample Rooms -. .1 . jr^ *y -
fitted for Merchandise Brokers or Manu- tf* /^ Kj II (g> BsB fX r^ »¦ »
facturera' Apents' / Sample Rooms. Res- tjL'^9 wTS C9 I Urft^'
taurant on Uhe sixth, floor,' with fixtures, Miwuam o •»_• T^
for rent. Passenger, and : freight elevators 2o-27 Mar i it Bi , Sin mnoiioo, G»X
free. i P. C. > . a
ADVEETISEMENTSr
HAVE YOU ANY OF THESE
Symptoms of a Very Common
• Trouble P.
There Is no disease so common In the
United States as catarrh because it ap-
pears ln so many forms and attacks so
many different organs.
It is a common mistake to suppose that
catarrh is confined to the nose and throat.
Any inflammation of the mucous mem-
brane wherever located accompanied by
abnormal secretions is catarrh." Catarrh
of stomach or bladder, or intestines is
r.early as common as nasal catarrh and
much more serioue, although- it Is true
that stomach catarrh and catarrh of oth-
er internal organs is the result of neg-
lected nasal catarrh.
A new remedy -has recently appeared
which so far as tested seems to be re-
markably effective ln promptly curing ca-
tarrh, wherever located. The preparation
is sold by druggists generally under name
of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, and in addi-
tion to being very palatable and conveni-
ent, possesses extraordinary merit, ln
many cafes giving immediate relief from
the coughing, hawking and constant
clearing of the throat and head, those
symptoms with which evervone Is famil-
iar who has ever suffered from colds in
the head and throat. ... * ¦..'¦¦
¦ Catarrh IS* simply a , continuation of
these symptoms -until the trouble becomes
chronic and grows gradually worse from
year to year. . v—»
6tuart's Catarrh Tablets are composed
of Hydrastln. Eucalyptol. Gualacol and
Elmllar antiseptics and catarrh • specifics,
from which -it will be seen that so secret
Is made of the Ingredients and also that
no mineral poisons are used, as is the
case with many well-known catarrh med-
icines. - >..,
For catarrh of the nose, throat, bron-
chial tubes, for catarrh of stomach. In-
testines or bladder no preparation is so
eafe and gives such rapid and permanent
results as Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.
All druggists sell them at 50c for full
Flzed package. You can use them with
assurance thaxyou will not contract the
cocaine or morphine habit as the results
from this catarrh cure are apparent from
tbe first day's use. *.
,XTo Care Hub Grip in Two Days
Laxative Bromo-Qutnlne removes the cause.*At a meeting of British and American
residents of San Francisco last evening
In the offices of Dr. D'Evelyn, plans were
considered for funeral services in memory
of the late Queen Victoria. The meeting
was called by President W. G. Harrison
of the British and American Union after
consultation with the British Consul, XV.
Clayton Pickersglil. The presidents of
the various British, Scotch and Welsh so
cieties were present, as were the British
Consul and the Vice Consul. W. Moore.
William Greer Harrison occupied the
chair aad in feeling tones said that
Britons and Americana alike desired to
testify their expressions of grrlef and
sympathy caused by the death of the be
loved Queen of England.
Mr. Harrison outlined the plan of the
funeral service which will be held In the
Mechanics' Pavilion on the same date as
that on which the funeral service will be
\eld in England. Consul Pickersglil ex
pressed thanks for the spontaneous dis
play of sympathy shown In San Francisco
when the news of the Queen's death was
made known. The presidents of the vari
ous societies Indorsed the plan outlined
by President Harrison and the various
resolutions presented were carried unani
mously.
Mechanics* Pavilion was tendered by
the trustees at a nominal rate. The ser
vice will consist of religious and> musical
exercises. Rev. Dr. Clampett. Rev. Dr.
Hemphill and Rev. Dr. Gardner were ap
pointed a committee to invite air the
clergy of San Francisco and the bay cities
to be present. Wallace Sabtn and Dr.
H. J. Stewart and Donald de Vv. Graham
were appointed a committee to secure the
services of the leading choirs and to ar
range for a large orchestra. Consul Pick
ersglil was requested to issue the invita
tions to the city and State officials, army
and navy officials, foreign Consuls and
distinguished citizens to attend the
funeral service. Bernard B. J. 8. Cahlll
and Vincent P. Sallom were appointed to
attend to the arranging and draping of
the pavilion and the Misses Worn were
placed in charge of the floral decoration.
The officers of the British and American
Union together -with the presidents of the
various British societies •will act as- a
committee cf the whola and take charg*
ORDERS WITNESS INTO
CUSTODY FOR PERJURY
ney Serves Notice That He Will
San Joaquin County's District Attor-
Prosecute a La-wysr.
" STOCKTCFX, f Jani; 23.-rArthur '". Ennl v
on"e of the Lodl men accused of bavins
stolen a hog from Ross Sargent's homo
ranch, had his preliminary examination
before Justice Parker to-day. John Sten
nett. the main witness against him, suf
fered a remarkable lapse of memory on
the witness stand. Stennett himself had
been accused of complicity In the crime,
and at the jail made a statement Impli
cating Ennis and a man named Davis.
It was taken down In shorthand and
transcribed. Stennett signing the trans
cription. When placed on the witness
stand to-day he could remember little
about his statement.
While Stennett was still on the stand
District Attorney Ashley ordered him into
custody for perjury. The order was car
ried out immediately tnd the court took
a recess. The District Attorney said In
open court that he would present charges
against Attorney Carpenter to the next
Grand Jury, presumably on some miscon
duct In connection with the witness.
«
•KTTT»S HER LITTLE BOY
AND ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
Sad Tragedy Enacted by an Arcadia
Woman of Unsound
Mind.
MONROVIA. Jan. 23.— Mrs. Frank B.
Smith shot and killed her little boy in
Arcadia' this afternoon and made an ca
successful attempt to commit suicide by
shooting herself In the head. Arcadia Is :
one mile west of Monrovia, at Baldwin's
ranch.
• For some time the woman has been la
boring under the delusion that some one
was going to kidnap her son- She became
so wrought up to-day with fear that when
the little feliow asked his father for a
buggy ride and was given permission ta
go she committed the crime. While the,
father was at the barn hitching up the
team the mother called the little one into
the house and with a 3S-callb€r revolver
shot him, the ball entering at the rlgh*
temple, causing instant death. " * ]
The crazed woman then turned the
weapon upon herself and fired a ball into
her head. It was a glancing shot, how
ever, and did not kill her. She will re»
cover. ¦
Ornithological Club Meets.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 23.— The Cooper Ornith
ological Club of California at an annual
meeting In Santa Clara elected the fol
lowing officers for the ensuing year; Pres
ident. Joseph Grlnnell of Palo Alto; vice
president, H. R. Taylor of Alameda- sec
retary. C. Barlow of Santa Clara: treas
urer, Donald A. Cohen of Alameda The
club has a membership of 120, and Is pub
lishing a magazine known as The Con
dor. A committee of thirty of its mem
bers in different parts of the State was
appointed to encourage the protection of
wild birds. A bill prepared by the club
looking to the protection of birds is now
before the Legislature. The next meeting
of the dub will be held at Haywards In
March.
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 23 Jockey' Mays
was suspended Indefinitely to-day. Re
sults: **
One mile. Belling— Elsmore woo. Faith Ward
weond. Tom Gtlmore third. Time. 1:4 J«4
Seven furlongs— "wyj. Deboe won. Mfeu Han
over second, Lady Callahan third. Time.
1:22^1. :
Steeplechase, short course — Don Clareacio
won. Miss Ransom second. Ison third. Ttm«.
One mile, handicap— Callear won, Egyptian
Princess second. Tea Gown third. Time, 1:13.
One mile, selling— Eous won. Til lie W second.
Colonel Casaidy third.' Time. 1:«H.
One mile, selling — Beana won. Petit M&ltr«
second. Little Boy Blue thtni Time, l:U.
Bollinger Brothers Quarrel.
'Warbuxton Arraigned.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 23^-Willlam P.
Warburton, who shot and killed Matthew
Kellly ¦ last Saturday ~ evening, •. was ar»
ralgned to-day before Judge ¦ Angellottl.
He will be examined next Tuesday. >
GEEEZ LETTKH SOCIETY GTRL
BRANDED FOR LIFE
With Nitrate of Silver Letters Are
Burned on Her Forehead and
the Scars Will Remain.
WICHITA. Kans., Jan. 23.— Miss Paul
ine Leweliing, second daughter of the
late Governor Lewellinjr, was brutally
hazed by women members of the Alpha
Theta. Mu Society of the Wichita High
School. The letters. A. T. II.. were
burned across her forehead with nitrate
of silver and the doctors have informed
Miss Leweliing that the scars cannot be
removed. The letters are in Greek.
Miss Leweliing allowed the reporters to
look at the scars to-night. They are
one-fourth of an inch deep. When asked
for the details of the hazing, she refused
to disclose the names of any of the women
who took part In the hazing and would
not even tell when or where it happened.
The School Board will have the young
women arrests-.! if they can fiml-out tbeir
names. To this action the victim takes
radical exception and says she does not
want them punished because It was all
done in fun and she was very anxious to
Join the Alpha. Tbeta Ma, no matter how
severe were their Initiation ceremonies.
BRYAN'S PAPER ISSUED
The Commoner Makes Its Appearance
at Lincoln.
LINCOLN. Neb.. Jan. 23.— The first
number of The Commoner, the weekly
paper published by William J. Bryan, was
Issued this afternoon. It is a neat ap
pearing sheet typographicallv. The
salutatory says:
"Webster defines a commoner aa 'one
of the common people." j The name has
been selected for th.s paper because The
Commoner will endeavor to aid the com
mon people In the protection of their
rights, the advancement of their inter
ests and the realization of their aspira
tions."
Jessie Morrison's Razor.
EL DORADO. Kans.. Jan. 23.— G. W.
Sexton, while preparing to move a barn
on a farm west of town, found a razor
with blood stains on It. In a case between
the weatherboards and the casing of the
barn. It is supposed to be the one with
which Jessie Morrison killed Clara Castle.
Beveridge for President.
NASHVILLE. Term.. Jan. 23.— The Re
publican members of the Tennessee
Legislature in caucus to-day adopted a
resolution favoring Senator Bevertdge of
Indiana for the Presidential nominee in
1304. t
Baresford's Horses Sold.
LONDON, Jan. 23.— The late Lord Wil
liam Beresford's horses were sold at
auction at Newmarket to-day. Caiman
was sold for 25CO guineas: Jolly Tar, 220Q
guineas, and Democrat 910 guineas.
DECISION RENDERED
I2» CASTELLAXE CASE
Transactions Divided Into Three Se
ries, Some Favorable, Others
Unfavorable to Bcni.
PARIS. Jan. 2.— Tre first civU tribunal
cf -.--.= Seine has deciied the ntt of the
Count ar.d Countess Je Castellane against
Wcrthctmer. the bric-a-brac dealer, by
divic'ins ttm transaction into three series.
I"r. the first it is declared that the pur
chases were freely agreed to and in good
faith ££.1 therefcr* ccuid not be naodi-
Cec.
Tr.e s^icni Eerie*, ccmrrlstng the ex
changes, is regarded c£ liatle to the sus
picion of usury an.d the court therefore
has arr-ointed three experts to appraise
the articles. £.r.al iudgsient being gives
afrer their rexwrt.
In the ifcird Eer.es. ccncemlng art works
belonging to Count B&nl de Caste-lane
e<-'!d by Wertheiaer. tie court declares
the transaction holds gocd, but calls on
Wertheimer to submit proof cf the sale
in order to shew ia d:a net realise ille
~ e " 2 " .
lOt-RISl' TSAHT IS
WBECKED IN AEKA1TSAS
High,-sraym«n cr TJnfcio-w-a. Mis
creants Open a S-sritch, Intend
ing to Derail Canncn 7*^1-
LTTTLE ROCK. Ark.. Ian. 7Z.— A special
tourist train on the St. Louis, Iron, foun
tain and Southern Railway, from St.
Louis to Mexico, due here early this
morrririg, was wrecked, near Walnut
Rldire. The only person Injured was the
Pullman porter. The passengers were
fca<ily shaken uo.
Free passe— gers. arriving to-night, who
ep*nt the day at the scene. It Is learned
that the accident was the result of an at
tempt to. wreck th-? Cannon Ball train,
•which was due there an hour later, by
opening a switch. The train was com
posed of five coaches. Including three
tourist sleepers built for this trip. Thre«
cars turr.ed entirely over and it was
miraculous: that none of the sixty pas-
F?nEr«-r« tva« kil'ed. Three of the coaches
trer SesaoQshed.
EXTCHZirEB MOVIXG TO
CIBCTJMVZNT BOEHS
Disposes His Forces in Great Semi-
Circle to Hem in the
Enemy.
CAPE TOWN. Jan. 23.— General Kltch
er.«?r is disposing great forces eeml-dr
ccJarty. h'.a extreme left resting on the
s<*a. to circumvent the Boers. The
ttrtarani move sirr.u'.taneously. in touch
with «^a. b otber. The greatest danger of
the Eituation is the possibility of General
Dewefs epp^arance in Cape Colour. It
Is beiieved that none of the Dutch would
resist his personal call to arms. They
think the fame cf Ka^c'.eon and Welling
ton pales in the presence cf his military
per.ius.
AmUttg a r.u=:b«r of captured !etter« is
cne frcm General Herzog to President
Steyn asking tor ISM unmarried young
men to enter Cape^Colony and btat cp re
cruits.
lie Icwa at San Dieeo
of raising funds, to which only British
subjects will be asked to subscribe.
Consul Pickersgtll was requested to
cable to Lord Salisbury the sympathy and
expression of grief felt by the' British
and American residents of San Francisco,
and President W. G. Harrison will by
cable order a wreath to be placed on the
Queen's coffin as the tribute of- the Brit
ish-Americans in this city. The hour of
the funeral service was arranged at 2 p.
m. on the day the service Is held In Lon
don. The presidents of the various Brit
ish societies will receive sufficient invi
tations for the members of their organi
zations and any British or American resi
dent who desires to be present at" the
funeral service will be able to secure In
vitations from William Greer Harrison,
3)6 California street, or from Dr.
D'Evelyn, Phelan building.
The invitation card will be a very sim
ple one and will bear the British coat of
arms. It will read as follows:
Funeral Service.
Mechanics' Pavilion. San Francisco. Cal..
, January — . 13C1* 3 p. m.
THE QUEEN.
"Her. over ill whese realms to their last Isle
The shadow cf her loss draws like eclipse.
Darkening the world."
These last lines were written by the late
Lord Tennyson on the occasion of the
death of Prince Albert, consort of the late
Queen.
beloved, highly honored and never-to-be
forgotten grandmother. Victoria, has
plunged me and my house into deepest
mournteg. I know mv army sincerely
chares in the grievous less I have sus
tained and I hereby decree that all officers
of my army shall wear mourning for four
teen days.
"The First Dragoon Guard Regiment of
the Queen shall go «nto mourning for
three weeks.
"Flags on all military and public build
ings shall be half-masted.
"WILHELM."
CONDOLENCE
FROM DUBLIN
An Amendment to the Lord Mayor's
Motion Causes Angary De
bate in the Cor
poration.
DUBLIN, Jan. 23.— At a meeting of the
Corporation of Dublin to-day the Lord
Mayor moved a vote of condolence with
the- royal family. M. T. Harrington.
M. P.. introduced en amendment, but
the condolence resolution was finally
passed by 20 to 22 votes.
The following was the text of the reso
lution proposed by the Lord Mayor:
"We beg respectfully to tender to the
members of the royal family our since-*
sympathy with them and our feelings o*
deep regret at the great ai3iction that
fe«» - twfaiiea ttera in" tb<S death—of "txsr
ilajesty Queen Victoria."
The amendment proposed by Mr. Har
rington, who Is the Lord Mayor-elect,
was as follows:
"Without in any way detracting from
the high personal qualities of the de.
ceased and carefully guarding against an
expression of feeling which might seem
ungracious or unworthy of the traditions
cf our nation, this Council must decline,
in the present political condition of Ire-
Land, to take part in any demonstration
cf loyalty to the Er.gll?h throne."
The introduction of the amendment led
to an angry debate.
"MERE TWADDLE,
TISSUE OF LIES"
TITLE FOR THE
. HEIR APPARENT
DENVER. Jan. 23.— The Lower House
of the Colorado Legislature to-day
adopted resolutions deploring the death
of "Victoria, the noble woman and wise
and gracious Queen," and extending con
dolence to her bereaved subjects. A pre
amble of 500 words highly eulogizing the
late Queen was characterized by Repre
sentatlve Barney O'Connell of Clear
Creek County "mere twaddle" and "a
tissue -of lies." and he offered a substi
tute resolution merely expressing sym
pathy for the English people In the loss
of their sovereign Queen. The original
resolutions, however, were adopted by a
large majority.
LONDON, Jan. 23.— Contrary to geseral
opinion the Duke of York does not at
once become Prince of Wales through the
accession of his - father. --^-The title of
Prince of Wales becomes merged in the
sovereignty, but the King will exercise
his prerogative and confer the principal
ity of Wales on the heir apparent. The
new King was born November 9. 1S41, but
he was only crpated Prince of Wales on
the following December 4. There have
b«en six royal Princes who have never
been created Prince of Wales. However,
Great Britain's Itepresentative at
Washington Receives Messages
of Condolence From Many
Sources.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23.— The British
Embassy Is shrouded in gloom to-day and
the heavy hangings of black within and
without the stately old mansion give
tribute to the memory of the departed
Queen. The Eritish flag hangs at half
mast above the porte cochere fronting the
building. Around the royal arms which
top the portico hang heavy masses of
black, and from the large columns are
draped long bands of crape. All the cur
tains of the embassy are drawn and the
entire place presents an aspect of silence
and mourning.
Lord Pauncefote remains In retirement
with his family and staff most of the
time, only occasionally seeing some dis
tinguished caller who comes to pay a
tribute of respect and condolence. These
cosdeiences have come In "the " most
abundant form and testify to the - wide
spread feeling which the death of the
Queen has awakened in all classes. They
come In the form of notes, telegraphic
messages and cards, running into the
hundreds, besides the many personal calls
which the officials of the Government and
of the diplomatic corps have paid. The
sentiment of this Government w-as the
first to express Itself In the calls of the
entire membership of President McKin
ley's cabinet. Including Secretaries Hay,
; Gage. Lorg. Wilson, Hitchcock, Attorney
General Griggs and Postmaster General
Smith and the leaving of cards from Sec
; retary Root, who is confined to his home.
The British officials throughout the coun
; try also have taken occasion to send their
expressions of grief.
The official announcement of the Gov
ernment as to the procedure to be fol
lowed has not come. For the time being
there is little to do but testify In silence
to the affliction which has come upon the
British nation, and then to take up the
business under the new sovereign. Lord
Pauncefote and his family attend St.
John's Episcopal Church on Lafayette
Square, fronting the White House, which
will be the place of commemorative ex
ercises if any are directed from London.
The rector of the church. Rev. Dr.
Mackay-Smith, called on the Embassador
to tender the use of the church for this
purpose, but in- the unsettled condition of
the arrangements no final reply could be
given. There had been some doubt
among the British officials here whether
Parliament would be Immediately as
sembled, but . the announcements from
London appear to make this certain. Lord
Pauncefote is a member of the House of
Lords, but It Is hardly expected It will
be necessary for him to go to London to
attend the session under the new sover
eign and to receive the new credentials of
Embassador from King Edward VIL
PLANS FOR THE
LOCAL SERVICES
British and American Residents to
Unite in Paying Tributes to
the Memory of Queen
Victoria.
the Duke of York becomes at once Duke
of Cornwall and the Duchess of Fife
fPrincess Louise of "Wales) becomes a
Princess Royal, as this capacity ia treat
ed by the law in much the same way as
the mother of a queen consort.
GLOOM SHROUDS
THE EMBASSY
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Pensions Granted, Army Orders and
Postal Changes.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— PoatoQce es
tablished: Washington— Freeman, Spo
kane County. Charles P. Thomas. Post
master.
Postmasters commissioned: California-
William C. Goldsmith, Lower Lake.
Washington— Edward F. Carpenter. To
ledo.
Free delivery service will be estabUshed
February 1 at Everett. Wash.
Pensions granted to-day: California —
Original — Milton McGrew. Oakland. $S;
Ivy N. Nichols, Banger, $8; Edward H.
Farley, Santa Ana, 16. Increase — John
Elkington, Sacramento. $S; Richard R.
May. San Jose. $10. Original widow—De
iila Devendorf, Crescent City, $8.
Oregon — Reissued — William H. Bxxrg
hardt, Oregon City. $17. Original widow-
Jennie Brown. Albany. $1
Army orders: Second Lieutenant Ralph
P. Brower, Third ArtHlery. will report in
person to Colonel Jacob B. Rawles. Third
Artillery, president of the examining
board to meet at the Presidio, San Fran
cisco, for examination for promotion.
First Lieutenant Otto B. Rusenbauni.
Seventh Infantry, is detailed to act as re
corder of the board during the examina
tion of Lieutenant Brower.
The bill of Representative Barhans In
troduced to-day, providing for the irriga
tion of arid lands as outlined In his ar
gument before the committee yesterday,
will probably not be acted upon by Con
gress owing to the .press of other busi
ness.
Senator Perkins. Representatives "Wat
ers and Needham and Mr. Oxnard had a
final hearing before the Senate Commit
tee on Foreign Relations to-day. In oppo
sition to the Jamaica reciprocity treaty.
The strength of the opposition to the rati
fication of the treaty is so great that there
appears to be no probability of final ac
tion by Congress. The treaty la already
regarded as practically defeated.
BBTTAIN CLAIMS BIGHTS
TO SIBUTU A2TD CAOAYAH'
Ratification of the Spanish Treaty,
However, Makes Am erica's
Title Clear.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 3.— Official corre
spondence between the Duke de Arcos,
Spanish Minister in "Washington, and the
Madrid Government relative to the sale
of Sibutu and Cagayan, Sola Islands, to
the United States, shows that Great Brit
ain Intimated to the State Department
that she had certain rights to Sibutu
which she might press for consideration.
Any such rights, according to adniinia
tratio^ officials, will disappear with the
formal proclamation of the treaty rati
fied yesterday by the Senate, which will
soon occur. The treaty cedes the Islands
absolutely to this Government, giving a
clear title, and If the British Government
has any complaint u> make she must sub
mit It to the Madrid Government. The
correspondence also shows that Secretary
Hay made a strong effort to purchase the
Islands for $30,000. but In view of the In
terest of Great Britain in the matter It
was deemed expedient to pay the Spanish
price of $100,000.
EBYAX WILL PAY A
VISIT TO OO2I PAUL
OMAHA, Jan. 23.— W. J. Bryan will soon
start for Europe. It is his purpose to
call upon President Kruger, but the ulti
mate object Is a tour of the Continent. Ha
may visit all the British Isles and espe
cially Ireland. The success of his news-
paper, the Commoner, has been so great
at the outset that he feels warranted In
going abroad in quest of material for a
series of letters for his new paper. In
the course of-his travels. It is said to be
his Intention to treat on imperialism as he
finds it and to make a special study of
colonial dependencies.
The exact date of Mr. Bryan's departure
Is not given, but will likely be In the early
spring. .
Nelson & Sons* Company, $150,000; Beard
more & Co.. tanners. $100,000: Silverman.
Bolton &Co.. hats, caps, etc, $125,000;
Goiistlne ¦& Co., -furs, $3^,000; Seybold,
Sons & Co., JSO.OOO; Redmond. Greenlesa
& Co.. hats and furs. JoO.QOO: H. Levy,
woolens, etc., $60,000: C. Choullau & Co.,
commission merchants, $S,000; B. Levin
& Co., furs, $00,000; Gilmore Bros. & Co..
commission merchants, J5O.0CO; Laporte,
Martin & Co.. $50,000; J. Cohen & Co..
wholesale clothiers, $40,000.
The fire started at S.-05 o'clock p. m. In
the premises of M. Ssute & Sons, whole
sale clothiers, at Lemoine and St. Peter
streets. The streets In the locality were
deserted at the time and the fire apparent
ly had good headway before the first
alarm was sent In. The firemen found the
i building, a three-story stone structure, a
mass of flames. The flames soon leaped
across St. Peter street, which Is very
narrow at this point, and attacked the big
five-story stone building occupied by H
[ A. Nelson & Sons Company, dealers in
; fancy goods. Here it spread as rapidly
[ as it had In the Saxe building. In almost
¦ an Instant It seemed as if the entire build
i ing was a roaring furnace.
The warehouse of Beanlmore & Co., the '
l tanners, adjoining Nelson's to the south, f
: was next attacked and from there the i
i flames comunicated to the establishment
} of Silverman, Bolton & Co.. wholesale
' hatters and furriers. Here another In
| flammable stock added to the fierceness of
I the fiames.
In the meantime the Barnes had con-
I tinued down St. Peter street on the side
of which the fire started to St. Paul
street, licking up th* premises of J. Bour
deau & Co.. Jobbers In hats and caps. St.
Peter street for an entire block was a
mass of, flames on either side. During
MONTREAL. Jan. 2-J-One of the most
destructive fires from which this city has
ever suffered began at S o'clock last night
and. notwithstanding the efforts of the en
tire fire department, che progress of the
flames was not checked until 1 o'clock
this morning. By that time It had de
stroyed property valued at between $2,500,
000 and $3,000,030 and was still burning,
though the appearance was that the fire
men had at last *rot it under control.
Included in the property burned is the
splendid Beard of Trade building? which
cost $500,000 and housed more than a hun
dred tenants, and a half dozen large busi
ness houses ar.i two .scores of small con
cercs. Outside of the Board of Trad
buildir.g there was not a modern struc
ture anior.j those burned.
The narrow streets. antlQuated build
ings and the innammable nature of the
stocks they contained made a combination
which the" department was powerless to
overcome. Moreover, the cold weather
gre&tiv hampered the firemen.
The Sre practically burned until it came
to open space, which gave the firemen an
opportunity for effective worlc For a time
it looked as if the flames would spread
alcng Commissioner street to the Urand
c£ce building, in the course of erection
there. Crowds of people jammed the nar
row streets and the police could not con
trol them. Women fainted and their
clothes were torn, a few women bein?
slightly injured In rushes for safety. Fol
lowing are the estimates of the principal
losses:
Board cf Trade. $€00,000. Insurance W00.
000; tenants of building. JIOO.OOO; M. Saxe
& Co., wholesale clothiers, fo.OW; H. A.
Continued From
this time a great fight was being made
to 8ave the big Board of Trade building,
erected ei^ht years ago at a cost of JSOO.-
C00 and adjoining the Xelaon building on
the north. For a long time the efforts of
the brigade were successful, a plentiful
supply of water keeping the exposed por
tions cooL But the flames had extended
all along the north side of St. Paul street.
going west from Sliverman, Bolton &
Co.'s, licking up half a dozen concerns In
Ita way. until It reached the big wholesale
fur establishment of James Coristine &
Co. This building extended all the. way
from St. Paul street to the Board of Trade
building and the flames appeared to go
through it like a tinder box.
When the rear wall of this building- was
reached It was seen that the Board of
Trade would have to go too. Solid sheets
of Same sprang out and up and seized
hold of the big building In a dozen dif
ferent places, driving the firemen back.
The newer and more modern structure
burned more ?lowly than those which al
ready had fallen prey to the flames, but
the firemen could not stay the march of
the devouring .element.
From the north s!de of St. Paul
street the flames leaped across the street
and destroyed the premises of Thomas
L>avidson & Co.. the dry goods establish
ment of H. Levy and half a dozen other
smaller concerns.
On Lemoine street the extensive whole
sale grocery store of Laporte, Martin &
Co. took fire. After the firemen had aban
doned all hope of saving the Board of
Trade building they concentrated their
efforts mainly on this building, for the
spread of the flames In this district would
have meant the loss of the entire whole
sale dry goods section. At 12:30 it looked
as If the building might be saved.
EDWARD Vn TAKES OATH AS RULER.
Continued From Page One.
Property Valued at About Three Millions of Dollars, Includ
ing Board of Trade Building, Is Devoured
itrzaay Befuses the American Pro
posal for the Withdrawal of
Troops Upon the Signing
cf the Note.
Z3», by tfce AMod*te3 Pt«m.
BERLIN. Jan. 23.— The semi-oficial
Press spates that G"rma.n\^ has refused
the American proposal for the withdrawal
cf troops 'rcm C u .:na. The reason given
is that all the security offered for the
carrying cut d tie peace conditions is
merely en paper, without any kind of
KoaxmEtee, Hue Cologne Gazette declares
that before tvacuation takes place a de
mand thouli te made for the payment of
the sum at a rniUloa marks, ar.d that for
• ga -u?i:a.'. sr.culd be allowed to take a
part in Soatng this lean only after three
conditions htve been fuUfiiled: 1— The
doubling of custor=-house duties; 2—In
spection fcy financial agents cf China's re
sources; a.r.d, 2 — Transformation of Ukin
taxes iota a p€rmants.t tax payable in
taoney.
PEKING. Jan. 13 (delayed in transmis
¦foea . — The German Minister disapproves
cf the tone and coxttenta of the Chinese
rcte. An attempt will be made en Tues
day to cssenbia the Ministers to draw up
a. reply, but agreement cr concerted
action is irspossiDie.
Chinese expedicicr.s and the withdrawal
cf foreign troops to garrison tow^s and
reads is the pcint upen which cc-cert will
be split.
The Japanese Minister to-day proposed
as a compromise course, the gradual
withdrawal o! the foreign forces and its
turning ever of the territory relinquished
to Chinese troops. However, the Min
irter has small hopes of the success of
the plan. If the ilinisters repres^nt fixed
policies cf their Governments, the concert
cf powers Is ended.
CSHrzSZ TROOPS ASSESEBLETG.
At Changting-Fa, Within a Day's
of the Canp of the
French Forces.
PARIS. Jan. S.— A dispatch to the
Havas Ascncy Cnaa Peking says 23.000
Chinese crocpa have reassembled near
<rr.2.ntin?--fu. a day's march frcm the
French troop*. General VeyTOD is closely
v:zx.cting them tad IL Pichoa. the
French jCslxter. L:ls requested their iin.
x^e£:ate dispersal.
Cncert Relative to Chinese
Affairs Imminently in
Danger.
POWERS VERGING
0N DISCORD
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— Consideration
of the shipping bill was resumed this af
ternoon in the Senate. At the Instance of
Frye of Maine., who relinquished the f*>i»\t
temporarily to take charge of the meas
ure on the fioor. it was made the unfinish
ed business of tfce Senate, thus restoring
It to it3 privileged position.
Vest of 'Missouri took the fioor Imme
diately and made a brilliant, forceful and
nteresting speech that occupied nearly
three hours. He advocated free ships and
vigorously attacked the navigation laws
of the United States, holding that they
were responsible for the decauencs of the
merchant marine of America. He was
accorded close attention by hid colleagues
on both sides of the chamber.
Early in the session Hawiina (D.) of Utah
precipitated a lively colloquy by charging
that a deal had been entered into between
the Republican members of the Utah Leg
islature and certain railroad interejts and
the oincials of the Mormon church to se
cure the election of Thomas Kearns to
the Senate from that State. He aroused
Hale of ilaine and Changer of New
Hampshire, who contended that the state
ments of Kawlins ought cot to be made
In the Senate at this stage of the proceed
ings In Utah, as the Senate could not con
sider the question in any phase in ad
vance of action.
Are Responsible for the Decad
ence of the American. 2£er
cfcant Marine.
Says the Present Navigation Laws
Vest Makes Brilliant Spiech
on the Floor of the
Senate. •
STRONGLY FAVORS
SUBSIDY BILL
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— The House to
day passed the District of Columbia ap
propriation bill and entered upon consid
eration of the naval -appropriation bill.
Several provisions of the bill were defeat
ed on points of order, including that to
give warrant officers the commutation for
quarters allowed second lieutenants of the
marine corps. A point of order was sus
tained against an amendment to Increase
the number of chaplains in the navy from
twenty-four to thirty-four.
Alter the passage of the District of Co
lumbia appropriation bill the Senate res
olution for the celebration cf John Mar
shall cay, February -4, was adopted.
The House then took up the na.vai ap
propriation bill. Foss of Illinois, chair
man of the Naval Committee, explained
its salient features. Ke said that the
American navy ¦was larger than the Ger
man navy and was keeping a. little ahead
of It. Grosvenor cf Ohio said he consid
ered this remark unfortunate. and capable
of misconstruction. America, he said,
was friendly with Germany, and there
was no reason why tnat ; country should
be singled out for the purpose of compar
ison. Foss disclaimed any idea thkt the
Government was directing its energies to
ward keeping ahead of Germany. He had
simply stated a fact. He believed in a
strong and efficient navy, not so large as
England's, but of moderate size, built on
conservative lines and capable of uphold
ing the honor of the country and the flag.
Richardson of Tennessee, the minority
leader, called attention to the fact that
the bill "carries an Increase of ?12.0U),000
In time of profound peace."
"This bill carries Jj,Cm),C%'0 for carrying
on work previously authorized," Inter
posed Dayton of West Virginia, "and $3.
tuO.toO for rehabilitation of the naval acad
emy." ~
* J rhat may be," answered Richardson,
"bet last year the bill carried 513,00O,0&)
more than the bill for the previous year.
Last year the size of the bill was apolo
gized for. What I desire to emphasize Is
that year by year there come these great
increases for the navy. The present bill
Is J20.ttO.OOii larger than the bill of two
years ago."
After completing five pages of the stx
ty-elffht of the bill the House at 5:10 ad
journed. .¦ -A
Grosvcccr Fears That th* Remark
May Be Misunderstood fcy Ztu
peror William and Disturb
iTiendly Eelitioas'
Statement Made by Chair
man of Naval Committee
of tht House. -
NAVY LARGER
THAN GERMANY'S
CITY OF MONTREAL IS VISITED
BY DISASTROUS CONFLAGRATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, THURSDAY, JANUARY ' 24, 1901.
BAN DIEGO, Jan. ZJ.-The battleship
Io"xa. which has been oa a cruise to the
;- :::'.: a- *.r :.» C'.r-tral America, arrived
T*is evtnlr.s- with Admiral Kautz.
3
SA.N JOSE. Jan. 23.— Another sensation
has b«en injected Into the contest over
the will of Christian BolIIngrer, deceased.
The two brothers, George . Y. . and I>avid
Bellinger, opposed the contest instituted.
by the wISow, Mary L. Bollinger, which
recently resulted In a disagreement of the
jury. No? these two have quarreled over
their shares, and David Bolllnger has
filed a cross complaint in 'which he alleges
that $30,0» belonging • to the estate has
been misappropriated by George Y. Bol
linger.
An overworked nervous system ia always an exhausted 'nerv.
otis system, rhe body is robbed of -its vital forces, the nutritive
organs suffer for lack of control The supply of blood and the
action of the heart are seriously disturbed. Sick headaches, dull
pains in back of neck and down the spine, dizziness ringing in the
ears, dimness of vision, twitching of eye lids and eye muscles and
a general tired feeling tell of the failing strength. There is nerr-
o^isness, irritability, wakefulness, loss of memory, brain fag and
depression of spirits. A remedy for nervous -debility should begin
at the foundation of the trouble; and, by checking the unnatural
waste of nerve-force and stimulating the digestive organs, build
cp the vitality and resistive strength of the whole system.
"For years I wa3 very nervous, sleepless, "and had
sever* headaches. I had -iizzy spells, when I would stag-
ger and almost fall down. Could not attend to my bus'
i:c£5 mere than half the time. Doctors did not help i£L
co I be^aa taking Dr. Miles' >'erTine. It braced me c:
frora the start and has done wonders for me. n
D. L. Steahl, Gardner, Ills.
. t
Is the exact remedy for that large class of persons" who
are nerro weakened and debilitated, feeble, tired and run
j^ down in health. Now is the time to try it. Begin to-day.
&^by<3rc£gis^^a^gnaranteaw J Db. Mma Hepicaej3o., jStthart,* In&
ATT r~i a /^*nn i \z r*?
FIJRNJTIJPF
We are displaying HUNDREDS OF PIECES of FTJEJilTUHE
in the latest and most correct designs — goods made by the best
manufacturers in the country at REDUCTIONS of 25 to 50
PER CENT* off regular prices.
An immense line of Corduroys, . Velours, Annures, Tapestries,
etc., AT VALUES THAT WILL BE APPRECIATED.
FURNITURE COVERINGS.
LABGE ASSORTMENT at REDUCTIOXS OF 33 1-3 PER
CENT off regular prices. '- ;¦
LACE CURTAINS.
We particularly draw your attention to the BEDTJCED PRICES
throughout our lines of LACE CURTAINS.
SIG ASSORTMENT OF MADE-UP CARPET RUGS at ONE-
HALF regular cost.
Bring dimensions of room so as to select a rug of suitable size.
PSEE OUR SHOW WINDOW FOR DISPLAY OF SPECIAL VALUES.
LARGEST STOCK ON THE COAST TO SELECT FRO3L
Carpets— Furniture— Upholstery,
114, 116, 118, 120; 122 POST STREET;
AT) V h H |ff M^*.J.'S«
TELEPHONE GRANT S3.
<0& CO.***
222-224 SUTTER ST.
Coastry ort-rs §!:i;5«d frs« wltiln
1M dl» on all crdsrs cr U.CO tad
over. Ask far cxtalccae— KRE2.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
THURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY;
0. K. WHISKY. L. L. & Co.'s
The old reliable Bocrbon.
R*S. Jl boCUa 3 bcttlw 92.00
tits. ** gallon. J03.OO g&i!aa
; CLARET k-rg^* 1 * 3;cp!
AH wises bare aad are adraacJss—
take airar.-.a?* w&la the cli^atock kuu.
PATE de FQiE GriAS - EOs tla
TruTSes. L&forcst. Glaas jars la t!ss.
TOILET SOAP. "4711." 2*,£^
SSSLr*"^ 3 cks cartsa 45c
TOOTK BHUSHES. 8££ 25c
Best ta ti# world: c-oaraslced for a
year. Reg. 3£e.
TOGTH PO'ADEB, JS 20c &QX
"Victoria." LJsterattd cr plaia.
CASTILE SOAP 25c bar
French. Reg. JOc O«sal2t taportsi
GO?.H. Giicics New Eastern,
P.*s. l»Hc lOe c«a
Reg. R 35 »U5 i;-ie-
TURKEY OB GHIGXEH. £«?$
Most select pcoltrr.
W». rey. 23c 2f*e tin
Vs. reg- 45c ......-4OC t.n
AMMONIA, V/aslfug, qt M 20c
Re?. 25c Greer' s— the only seaolae.
CIGARS— Pell assortment.
TO THE PUBLIC!
SA?f fraxcisoo.. Oct.
/Bk*4t£\ i. 13C0— To ties tt rr.iT
V£?' concern: T>.;s it is o»rt:ry
«ffi* lr that DR. WONG HTM of
V>£; 1 C: F liS-117 Ma»n itrwt, Saa
K A.I I Francisco, has cur«d rao
5£*-»«0 / cf kldaey trou&Ia an4
£J/«b */ rietuaarisia aad X am
¦^*5^»t :A- baspy to maie tAJs sta»>
>«WT^^V^ i* 1 "*- *» I Sad «:• Docior
m» ; W£^"*»— r£"?iV^ strictly hcr.fs: i = -very
fccEcrab.'e raaa ia all hi*
iie&llags. DR. C. A. UAT. Deali3t. M3 Second
are.. Seattle. Wajs.
Deceisfcer 23. lXfr-TfeJs Is to e«rttfr tfcat I
was uiffertss for fifteen years frcin Bright'*
disease d the kidneys a=d a taiacr oa my left
aide. I tri*d a number a! doctors maii various
remedies wttioat affording me any relief. That
«lx months ago I appiied to Dr. Woa? Him cf
113-117 Mascs st.rtsu Sjj: Fraacisco. asd new
aiter stx months cf his treatment 1 ia entirely
cured and la perfect heaJtlj. I write this !n
my appr«Tiaticn of Dr. Won? Him. aad tuit
other suUersrs may b< relieved, and I win t-
fflad to certify to this In person to any en*
that isay call open me at my r?si<ierie«.
MRS. JOHN ALLANSOX.
Orchard avenue. Elaihurst. Alazzada* Co.. <**»»
S. T.. December 4. 1«5>— Dr. Wok? Htns. 113-
117 Mason «.. S. F.. CaJ.— Dear Sir: For th*
benefit of others I wish to make a statement of
my case, which was heart trouble. After treat-
Ins with six eminent physicians my case was
pronounced Incurable. Hearing of Dr. Won?
it.'n. aad his wocderful cures. I decided to trr
his herb treatment. Ha did all he claimed, ar. 1
after treating six" months I am now w«a an<S
strong. Tours, respectfully.
MRS. BARLOW. 127 Mtsstca St.. B. T.
t Cured While
You Steep
In Fifteen Days
| "*Gran-8olTenf* dlssolres Stricture ITXe waarm B^
' eeath the tea. redsces Es larked Prostate an4
• ttren^aens the p«nuna4 Occu, suppLaz Urals* *a4
i Ea:!*Sions In Fifteen Dars.
No dr-jrs to roia tie s:casaea. &vt» <!!reettoeaJ
and posr.lre application :otse eat! re urethra: trxrb
Graa-^o tec; Is not a Herald, li U prepared ta
th* form of Crayooa or PencUa. sosoc:a and -ei.x»
aad to narrow as to pas* tae closes: str.c: are.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tte St. James A«*a.. Box u'A. Cladsa*tt. O.. tit
' •re^.red at rrea: expense an exhaust- •* f, f r* f
• Ke illustrated Treat.sa apen ::« icale LULL I
! *T«ea» wbiea ih*r will teaa w aay | fl L f_ ¦
Bale applicant. • ••¦¦•
«l JA-r>*Si\ 23O ELM ST..
JI.JA;O^.i\, Cincinnati, Ohio.
Be Lfllal ©
PERFECT
I
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
IWiJW!
J£m^- ml* M r
4r*f^9 *«* :t ««»v»*c»r",
A WELCOME CALLER.
Onr delivery man 13 met wtth smile*.
not with fruwns. for what he presents
briasrs certain satisfaction to wife aad
mother. hMbar.ti aad brother. Ia two
words: It's riziit! That applies to every
einsle article washed. starch»d and Ironed
In this establishment. Modem appliances
and skillful har.d'.Ir.? tell the story.
Domestic finish for full-dress shirts If
you crder It.
No saw edsres. ¦
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO+ Market Street
Telephone — Soirtri 42O.
Oakland Offlce-62 San Pablo Ave
Broken
Eyeglass
lecse* r*plac*4 for CO c*atsu
Acy Ait:r=atic Itssc* dsptlcaUd tst #1.00
aad flJSO.
Goaxa&tMd om.'ect ic* bast u.ianu.
Oculists* prescrrpCao* fined. Factory oa
rrtrnf"*- Quick repair 4 .- ¦;. ?'.—.-". Uaia 19.
OPTICIANS^C^^T,^
642 Market 5t. i«otru>«nt3
tu*ct" cxsoxii BjnjJt*&. Ga!*ICGU£ Fst£-
WEEKLL CALL
$1 per Year.Photographic Salon. Open to-night, 8
till 10. Promenade concert. 'Also daily,
including Sunday; 9 till 5. Admission 25c. •
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
The handball games at the Olympic
Club last night attracted a great deal of
attention. The players were in good form
and though some of the scores were one-
Bided the games were Interesting. Russ
won two games from Duffy by scores of
21-17 and 21-9. Newman beat Butz one
game by a score of 21-13, but the latter
took the next two by scores of 21-12 and
21-16. Next Friday ' night Russ plays
Oeoree James and W. Cartwrlght plays
Fred Butz .. T» ¦.•".»..
Butz and Buss Win at Handball.
Reserved seats will be sold at the pas
toral residence, fit. John's.* Mission road,
opposite old St. Mary's College, until Feb
ruary 1. after that date they will.be on
Ka^ at J - J - G1!<i ea's. 756 Market street.
The general admission has been placed
at 50 cents. Reserved seats. 25 cents
extra- The lecture In to be given, for the
benefit of St. John's ChurchI *» lvc " Aur ""*
Fathf r Ycrko'p great popularity has led
to po considerable a demand for tickets to
his lecture at Metropolitan Hall Thurs
day evening February 7, entitled, "The
Prison of the Pope," that the committee
In charge has decided to place them on
sale In different localities In the city. The
following places have been selected for
public convenience: Gallagher Bros., 18
McAllister Etreot; O'Brien's book store.
227 Hayes street: Deasy Bros., 20 Sixth.
•tre*t; Mahoney's drug Btore, Tenth and
Folsom streets; D. F. Kecfe, corner
Twenty-third and Harrison streets; Daw
¦on's pharmacy, corner Twenty-third and
Valencia streets; Withers' I>rug Com
pany, corner Valencia and Xlneteenth
streets; CaFtro-street Pharmacy, corner
Twenty-fourth and Castro streets; Shu
mate's pharmacy, corner Sutler and . De
vlsadero streets; J. J. Glldca, 756 Market
street, corner. Grant avenue; D. J. Ryan,
liroderick and Washington; the Eagle
Pnarmacy. Twenty-ninth and Mission;
James Ward, grocer. Fell and Webster:
McGlvern'e pharmacy. Seventeenth and
Oruerrero; J. j. Uonovan. Twenty-sixth
and Alabama.
The Prison of the Pope.
Class 7— Architecture and Interiors: First
prize, R. J. Waters, San Francisco, arches of
Stanford University; second prize, H E
Hooper. Pasadena. Interior or Congressional
Library, Washington. D. C.
The exhibition will remain open to-night
in. order to ctve those who are not able
to attend during the day an opportunity
to view the display. 1
Class 4-Anlmal Studies: First prize F
d'Estrella, Berkeley. "Hats"; second prize K.
W. nice. Hazards, "Seeing: Things •? '
Class 5— Genr»: First prize. A. S. C. Forbes
T.cs Anwifi, "Zunl Women": second prize'
H. H. Latimer, Boston, "Testing Fruit '^
Clafs C-Flri!t prize, Arnold Oenthe. San
Francisco, study, head and hand; second prize
I^nura M. Adams. San FTanclsco, portrait or
Class 1— Landscape: First prize, W J
Street San Francisco. "The Passing Bhower"i
second prize Mrs. Myra Albert Wiggins
balem. Or.. "Through the MisL" 6 ' '
Class 2— Marine: First prize. W. J. Street.
Pan Francisco. "Passing of the Storm"; slc
end prize, H. H. Latlmer. Boston, "Coming
Worm" (yacht Constellation, N. Y. T c raeef
ClaF8 J-Stlll LJfe: Flret prize. W. jTktreet
Ban Franclaco "A Pair of Teal"; second
"Tril'llunV" - Nel8On CrowrtI . <5a° FranclsS?
The institute awarded a first and second
¥Za f ,v cat^ ?£ me « rI U n each of the classes,
and the California Camera Club presented
a. gold medal to the one who made the
best general display, a sliver medal to
the winner of each class and a bronze
medal to the second bost in each class
Tho Jury based its opinion in making tho
awards on the degree of artistic merit
and pictorial Interest displayed. The fol
lowing are the prize winners and the
names of pictures for which thev tv>»
awarded prizes: «c io
The California Camera Club, under
whese auspices the salon was arranged
desires to bring together the examples
of photographic work of the day pos
sessing the highest degree of artistic
merit and pictorial Interest. This and
more too, has certainly been accom
f'tl,, The importation of foreign works
of merit will serve to infuse niw ideas
5^L T ambltlon s Into the local devotees
hi/i.?" 0 . 3 ", 8 - The In nuence of such an
exhibition in favor of culture and educa
tion cannot be overestimated. The exhi
bition will undoubtedly be made an annual
teature.
The photographic salon which Is now
In progress at the Mark Hopkins Insti
tute of Art, although the first ever at
tempted on the Pacific Coast, is meeting
with a magnificent success. Portraiture
of artists of fame from all parts of the
United States and even from England and
Scotland is on exhibition. Historical and
classical representations, picturesque
scenes from nature and human life In its
various types, conditions and environ
ments are all portrayed with a high de
gree of artistic skill.
Photographic Salon at Hop
kins Institute Is a
Success.
ART EXHIBITORS
RECEIVE AWARDS
B- — EST of all the English riders.
Sammy L.oates, was a keen ob
server of racing at Tanforan
__ Park yesterday as conducted in
this far western country. A
cautious chap Is this jockey from the
other side, speaking in quarter sections,
as if his innermost thoughts were re
tained for airing at some distant time.
On the ground also was Lester Relff, who
crossed the pond and led all of the riders,
English and American alike, by his bril
liant work in the saddle. Upon his re
turn home Loates will probably have a
good joke to relate about Reiff. for, i;i
an evil moment. Lester agreed to accept
the mount on Slap Dash in the final six
and a half furlong sprint. The American
rider received an ovation as he Issueu
from the paddock on the back of "Boots
Durnell's gelding. At the start Rasp, a
100 to 1 shot, swerved, and Relrt was
compelled to take up his mount to a
standstill. By this time the bunch had
slipped away, and Slap Dash was target
bearer. Mounce on Maresa went on and
won from Phil Archibald, a 15 to 1 shot.
Nash Turner had the leg up on Edna
Brown, a 7 to 10 favorite for the race,
finishing unplaced.
The track was still In a very muddy
state, and first choices at the San
Mateo County track took but two
purses. The card- was far better than the
average, attracting a large crowd.
Ordnung, the trained horse from tha
Schorr stable, defeated a fast band of
sprinters for the Coney Island handicap,
at six furlongs. Carrying 115 pounds, and
extensively played at 4£ to. 1. the chest
nut gelding made a show of the com'
pany? winning galloping from Scotch
Plaid and Rolling Boer.
The races run by Ordnung haye slmplj
been disgusting and disgraceful, and on
anv foreign race course would have con-
SlgUd ? his owner to exile and oblivion
On Saturday, at Oakland, Ordnung ran
like a common car hor B e in the race won
by BUI Garrett. If the Indiscretions of
a wealthy owner are to be overlooked by
officials the country over, because this
turfman may make liberal nominations to
many stakes, then poor owners should not
ho rnked over the coals for indifferent
Slrfo a rrnan C O e 9 er of cheap selling platers It
Vould be interesting reading to many to
know with what disease Ordnung wasaf
flicted when beaten last meeting a Tan
foran by Jerld and Prestidigitator. On
that occasion the gelding's odds opened
at 3 to 2 and went to 2, with Toramj
Burns in the eaddle. Jerld from the time
the entries were Issued was tou ed as a
"good thing" and was hea 7 iIj -%i ; ?-nwi
10 to 1. Neither does the ride of this same
rider Burns, astride Formero on Tues
day, reflect rnuch credit when it is known
th-it several large commissions were
Saced on Herculean through the messen
ger service. Many races have been^run
during the present season that have worn
a very rotten look, and It .behooves the
officials of both tracks to keep a watchful
Tom^Xpse at the "dope" book. It
looked as If Duckoy held his field safe In
the opening event; still 6 to 1 was laid
about the gelding. With Coburn up., he
won hands down from Tenny Belle, while
the favorite. Isaline, ran unplaced.
Pat Dunne started Nansen In the mile
selling affair for maidens. Fortunately
for -the -horse's friends, who accepted 7 to
10 about him. he was much the best. Get
ting a poor start, Henry sent the favorite
around his field and the last part was
eased up almost, to lead . out George
Dewey and Sam Howard. „,„»„
In the hurdle event over two miles,
Lomo. the 7 to 10 choice with Cairns up.
enjoyed a cakewalk. Granger downed
NeBtor for show honors. . . ,,„_,„
. No blame could be^ attached to Marty
Bergen for the downfall of The Lady In
the mile and a furlong handicap.. At the
weights. Eddie Jones, with 113 pounds and
Jenkins in the saddle, was simply a bet
ter horse, for he won in romping fashion.
Bathos disposed of - Autumn, the only
other starter, for third place.
_ Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and up; selling:. ,
1402 Monda. ....'... ..10S| 1687.TuthlIl ..103
1681 Ada N. 8S,(162S)AnJOU ....... ..109
<1673)Theory 105' U669)MivgBie Davis. .101
(1547)Pupll 1031 .... John Baker 106
Second race— Mile and a sixteenth; four-year
olds and up: purse: .... .
(1579)Advance Guard.119 1019 Periwig 121
; .... St. Krlstine....ll9 1628 Greenock .10*
1606 Billy Moore.... 101 1560 Montanic 1C6
1646 St. Slmonlan...lH
Third race— Seven furlongrs; three-year-olds;
purse:- ¦¦ ¦ ,¦..- ",."¦. ¦'¦ ., - .¦-¦'¦'
I 1500 Bob Palmer.... 107 1444 Rip de Altar.... 110
1572 8llurlan 107 1667 Tony Lepping..llO
1681 Bernota ........112
1 : Fourth ¦'• rac»— Six -furlong*: three-year-olds
."-¦¦- ¦ . ¦ . ..¦-*¦¦¦
BIT F. E. l^TJIL.IiOLIL.AISriD.
and up; Belling::
1681 Boundlee 101 (l«43)Lomond ........ 10«
1597 Cyril 104 1655 Flatterer 89
1453 Poyntz 95 lWAmaja 104
1678 Salvado 107 1640 Sybarls 104
1647 Jerld 107 <16S3)Aator 107
16S5 Compass 99
Fifth race — One mile; four-year-olds and ud:
purse:
1640 The Fretter... .1141 1670 Wyoming Ill
1675 Vulcain 109/ 1579 Vesuvian 109
Sixth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; soiling::
1353 Barney F 101 1673 Esplrando 104
1654 Simon D 104 1687 Florlnel II 101
1561 Sad Sam 86 1605 Cantlnus 98
(1655)Alzura 84 (1666)I>r. Boyle 101
1551 Uarda NNi 16S9 Kickumbob ....101
.... Mistleton 107' 1673 Dcvereaux .....101
Probable Winners.
First race— Tuthlll. Maggie I>avls. Theory. \
Second race— Advance Guard, Montanlc, St. !
Stmonlan.
Third race — Silurian, Bernota, Tony Lepplny.
Fourth race — Flatterer, Poyntz. Boundlee.
Fifth race — Vesuvlan, Vulcaln, Wyoming.
Sixth race— Sad Bam, Alzura. Esplrando. '
The lonirest tunnel" In California — and
there are some pretty long ones — and one
of the largest tunnels in America is now
in rourse of construction by the Southern
Pacific Company. Although the work has
been going on for several months the im
mensity of the undertaking has never be
fore been brought to the attention of ths
public nor has there been anything more
than a casual reference made to the costly
piece of workmanshlo.
The tunnel is being dug In the Chats
worth Park cut-off and when completed
will be a part of the new coast division
between this city and Los Angeles. Th<}
cut-off is really between the towns of
Montalvo and Chatswcrth Park. The San
ta Susana range occuoles a vast field o:
spare between these two points and it is
'his great rai:ge that the tun
nel is to pa??.
The total longrth of ihe underground pas
fage will be 7100 feet, <r nearly a mife and
a half. The tunnel next largest to this
is at San Fernando, the latter being ti370
feet long. The building of this tunnel will
involve the expenditure of more than
$271,0110. The work was started last fa.l
&nd a large force of laborers is now be
ing employed both day and nlpht with a
view to completing t'lP structure this
ioar.
Much Wasting and dredging is neces
sary tJoA v machinery is being used wher
ever rira<nlf-a!)!e. Electric lights are used
to facilitate th«» work, \ihich Is beingr car
ried on from t-arh end by two gangs of
m^n and a double sunnly of Implements.
The big drills are run by electricity and
a powerful blov.fr is iisod to pump air
into the tunnel for i!:e men to breathe.
The passage will be -seventeen feet wide
and twenty-one feet four inches high
above the rails.
Mile and a Half of Under
ground Railroad for the
Coast Line.
LONGEST TUNNEL
IN CALIFORNIA
HONG AH WING, a Chinaman,
was a5sassir.at<*d about noon
yesterday in the kitchen on the
top floor of 26 Sullivan alley.
The Instrument used was a
knife with a Made nine and a quarter
inches lone\ which was found covered
with blood beside the dying man. George
Duffield. a collector In Chinatown, was
the first to hear of the murder. He was
r.n the corner of Jackson street and Sulli
van alley about 5 minutes past 12 o'clock,
when a Chinaman told him that a man
had rwen cut on the top floor of 26 Sulli
van alley. Duffield told the Chinaman to
roUfy the police and hurried to the place.
He found the man, whom he recognized
ap Hone Ah Wing, stretched out on the
floor. He discovered a wound In his left
*;de and tried to get him to talk, but
failed.
Policemen Connolly and McNamaxa
were on their way to Chinatown from the
Central police station when they were no
tified of the stabbing. They went to Sulli
van alley and at once telephoned for the
patrol wagon. The wounded man was
»-*nt to the Receiving: Hospital, but died
Wfore he could be placed on the operat
ing table. His body was then removed to
ihe Morgue, where It was foun<i that b«-
Fiilos the fatal wound on the left side
there wtre two slight wounds on the left
shoulder.
T)ip murdered man and Chen Hoot K.ee,
fruit dealer. 716 Jackson street, had a fight
Tur-sday nicht in the fruit store. When
Policemen Barry and Fanner reached the
store Chen had Hong across a table and
bad a knife in his hand ready to plunge
it Into him. He was disarmed and both
(hen's friends held an indignation meet
ing in his fruit store Tuesday night and a
delegation was appointed to go to the Hall
of Justice yesterday morning and lay the
facts before the Judge. Attorney Mack
was engaged to defend Chen, and when
the caw was called in Judge Mogan's
court Mack made an explanation and the
Judge agreed to release Chen on $150 cash
bail, which was at once forthcoming.
Chen was released at ten minutes to 12
o'clock, and as the ftabbing happened a
few minutes later he was arrested at his
Ftore by Policemen Connolly and McNa
mara and locked up In the tanks" pend
ing further investigation. He denied that
he knew anything about the stabbing and
said he went direct from the Hall of Jus
tice *o his store.
Detective Ed Gibson was detailed on the
case, and after making an Investigation
he was inclined to believe that Hong had
been decoyed to the top floor of 26 Sulli
van alley and assassinated by some of
Chen's friends, although Chen had ample
time to commit the deed after being re
leased. Both of the men belonged to the
Sam Tup organization. Hong had been
fed and provided with a room for some
time by Chen, who quarreled with him
a few days ago for going home at too late
hours and refused to keen him any longer.
This "was the cause of the fight Tuesday
night. Hong had been married to an
Alaska Indian and has a son about 12
years of ape. to whose support he had not
contributed for j'ears.
were taken to the City Prison, where
Hong preferred a charge of assault to
murder against Chen and he was booked
on that charge. Chen protested and de
clared that Hong was the assailant, and
he showed two fingers on his left hand
out to the bone, which cut, he said, was
caused by his forcibly taking the knife
from Hong;.
MAX WHO WAS STABBED TO DEATH AND THE ONE "VTHO IS SUS
PECTED OF HAVING BEEN INSTRUMENTAL IN HIS DEATH; ALSO
PLACE WHERE THE STABBING OCCURRED.
Champion stake, sixteen entries— J. i Sutton's
Herschel's Pride vs. Curtis & Sons' Narcissus;
Curtis & Sons' Luxor vs. Curtis & Sons' War
Eagle; Gold Dust Kennels' Brutus vs. Curtis
& Sons' Beacon; H. A. Deckelman's Master
Rocket vs. Russell & Allen's; Daisy Clalr;
IVf-ha Kennels' Rural ArtlFt vp. Curtis & Sons'
Anchor; Yosemite Kennels' Mose vs. D. J.
Healy's Lady Clair; P. J. Rellly's Royal Union
vs. J. B. McCarthy's John Doe; J.'R.. Smith's
Sylvanus vs. Walsh ' & Keenan'e Sacramento
Boy. • •--. •-•- ¦ ' - •» ,
Reserve stake, 113 entrles-rPasha Kennels'
Real Article vs. C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud;
J. E. Hodgkln's King Cashier vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Roundabout; A. T. Deckelman' e Lawrence
vs. G. Lennon'B Half Moon; Russell & Allen's
First Foot vs. J. R. Smith's Petronius; E. J.
Rellly's Willful Widow vs. P. J. Rellly's Miss
Evans; Pasha Kennels' Rose Attwood vs.
Aeneld Kennele' Fine Fire; J. Smith's Boney
Boy vs. J. Hurley's RUey Grannan: H. A.
Deckelrnan's Flyaway vs. W. Cairn's imperial;
T. J. Cronin's Vandal vs. Tosemlte Kennel's
Beauty Spot; Ersklne & Jones' Lavender vt.
P. J. Rellly'e. The Grafter; Pasha Kennels'
Risky Attempt ve. George Nethercott's Flood
gato; J. I. O'Brien's Statesman vs. J. P.
Thrift's Tyrone Prince; H. A. Deckelman's
Belle -Rocket vs. George Sharman's Chicago
Boy; T. W. Bartels' Best Brand vs. J. R.
Smith's Injury; Captain Clarkson'a Golden
Garter vs. Gold Dust Kennels' Sir Hughie;
Yosemite Kennels' Sir Van vs. Tosemlte Ken
nels' Rebecca; P. J. Rellly'e Early Dawn vs.
J. R. Smith's Password; George SharmanlH
Black Flush vs. A. Bucher's Kanaka: D. J.
Healy's Tapioca vs. T. J. Cronin's Wild Tra
lee; Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist vs. Pasha
Kennels' Roman Athlete; J. Hurley's Gramercy
vs. Curtis & Sons' Maud S; T. Tierney's Tea
Rose vs. Georee Sharman's Bowery Boy; J. I.
O'Brien's Wandering Tom. vs. F. A. McComb's
Bona Fide; J. Smith's Master Workman vs.
Russell & Allen's Spiteful; E. M. Kellogg's
Iowa Boy vs. Captain Cane'o Greenhall; E. M.
Kellogg' s Sweet E-mma vs. Curtis & Sons* Vul
can; H. Perlgo's Controller vs. Yosemlte Ken
r.els' Freedom's Banner; F. A. McComb's Sir
Pasha vs. T. Tlerney's Lucretla Borgia; D. J.
HeaJy'B Urania vs. A. Vanderwhlte's Lear
King; Curtis & Sons* Charta vs. R. Strahl's
Three Cheer*; Russell & Allen's Talk to Me vs.
Pasha Kennels' May Hempetead; Gold Dust
Kennels' Forget vs. Pete Brophy's Benlcla
Boy; E. M. Kellogg's Kid McCoy vs. George
Parkereon's Ben Lomond; Curtis & Sons' Echo
vs. D.. Jackson's Honor Bright; Yosemlte Ken
nels' Uncle Fuller vs. T. J. Cronin's Vixen;
Erwin & Lyon's Silver Wings vs. J. Hurley's
Hurricane; F. A. McComb's Royal Flush vs.
Aereld Kennels' Achilles; L. F. Bartels'. Best
Bargain vs. Curtis & Sons' Warpath; Russell
& Allen's Strayaway vs. Curtis & Sons'
Shadow; \V. C. Glasson's Dew Drop vs. J.
Dean's Slsquoc; J. Hurley's O K Capitol vs.
Pasha Kennels' Ready Always; Gold Duat
Kennels' St. Michael vs. Sterl & Knowles'
Ollta; H. A. Deckelman's Snapshot vs. T: W.
Bartels* Mac's Melody; Aeneld Kennels' Aethra
vs. J. Kenny's May Boy; M. Dillon's Challenger
vs. P. Doyle's Thelma; Curtis & Sons' McKln
ley vs. Pasha Kennels' Belle Clalr; Captain
Cane's Master Davenport vs. Pasha Kennels"
Run Alone; Yosemlte Kennels' Nordlca vs. Cur
tis & Sons' Kibosh; Russell & Allen's Wedding
Bells vs. A. Vanderwhlte's Mister Gordon-
Russell & Allen's Faithful Lad vs. • P. J. Rell
ly's Lochneag-h; Pasha Kennels' Random • Aim
vs ' George McDnuKal's Colonel Lopez; T. J.
Cronin's Daisy Dale vs. P. Doyle's Liberator;
J. Dowllng'e Sir Lawrence vs. Russell & Al
lan's • Caetaway; Cheatham & Partlngton's
Whjm vs. E. Geary's America: D.-J.- Healy's
Nlcaslo vs. Curtis & Sons'- Psyche; II. H.
Gray's Bannockburn vs. Aeneld Kennels'
Aeneas. . .
As a preliminary to the draw of the 112
entry reserve stake and the sixteen-dog
champion stake, the card for the cours
ing at Union Park next Saturday and
Sunday, H. A. Deckelman, chairman of
the California coursing committee, deliv
ered himself of a speech last night at
Pythian Hall, packed with trainers and
followers of the coursing game.
The trainers were officially apprised of
the recent action of the committee in re
gard to the restriction against the use
of stimulants for dogs. Mr. Deckelman
warned tho trainers that any breach of
the new rule would be dealt with sum
marily. He received a hearty round of
applause at the conclusion of his remarks.
The draws resulted as follows:
Fifth round— Vandal a bye with Honor
Bright; High Born Lady withdrawn; Echo
beat Sweetness.
Deciding course— Echo beat Vandal.
CHAMPION AND RESERVE
STAKES AT UNION PARK
Fourth round— Vandal beat Master DaVen
port; High Born Lady beat St. Ive«: Sweet
ness a bye; Jingle Bells withdrawn; Echo beat
May Hempstead.
Third round — Master Davenport beat Vixen:
Vandal beat Round About; St. Ivee beat
Sleety Mist; High Born Lady beat McKlnley;
Sweetness beat Cash; Jingle Bells beat Fash-
Ion Plate; Echo beat Minnie Wa Wa; May
Hempstead a bye.
Second round — Master Davenport beat Stam
B; Vlven beat Lear King; Round About beat
Petronius; Vandal beat Usurer; Sleety Mist
beat Urania; St. Ives beat Ollta; McKlnley
beat Black Daisy: High Born Lady beat Ro
slnante: Sweetness beat Briar Root; Cash beat
Pass Word; Jingle Bella beat Challenger;
Fashion Plate .beat Strayaway; Echo beat
Peter West; Minnie Wa Wa beat Royal Fash
ion; May Hempstead beat Daisy Dale.
Wednesday, midweek reserve, first round— J.
Cane's Master Davenport beat J. K. Smith's
Injury; D. Shechan's Stain beat Pasha Ken
nels' Rollicking Airs; T. J. Cronin's Vixen
beat P. J. Rellly's Early Dawn; A. van der
White's Lear King beat L. F. Bartels' Beer
Brewer; J. R. Smith's Petronius beat J. W.
Bartels' Best Brand; Pasha Kennels' Round
About beat P. J. Reilly's Fly the Flag; R. E.
de B. Lopez's & Son's Usurer beat J. Cane's
Victor Queen; T. J. Cronin's Vandal beat Cur
tis & Sons' Kibosh; Sterl <fc Knowles Sleety
Mist beat Pasha Kennels' Hun Alone; D: J.
Healy's Urania beat A. Vanderwhlte'a Master
Groom; Sterl & Knowles' Ollta beat A. Jack-
Bon's Honor Bright; George Sharman's St.
Ives beat Russell & Allen's Scotland Yet;
Curtis & Eons' McKlnley beat J. Button's
Master Laurence; J. McCormlck's Black Daisy
beat II. H. Gray's Bannockburn; D. E. Wiley's
High Born Lady beat Pasha Kennels' Ready-
Always; Curtis & Sons' Roslnante beat A.
Vandenvhlte's Montana Belle; A. Roy Harri
son's Briar Root beat J. Dowllng's Sir Lau
rence; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Sweetness
beat P. J. Rellly's Willful Widow; Curtis &
Sons' Cash beat F. A. McComb's Frosty Morn;
J. R. Smith's Pass Word beat Curtis & Sons*
Yellow Kid; D. Dillon's Challenger beat H.
H. Gray's Commander; J. Dempsey's Jingle
Jingle beat J. H. Perlgo's Controller; Curtis
& Sons' Fashion Plate beat W. F. Leonard's
Daylight; Russell & Allen's Strayaway beat
George Macdougal'e Falstaff; P. J. Rellly's
Peter West beat R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's
Jewess; Curtis & Sons" Echo beat Pasha Ken
nels' Racy Anecdote; R. E. de B. Lopez &
Son's Minnie Wa Wa beat Curtis & Sons*
Psyche; F. A. McComb's Royal Fashion beat
J. H. Perlgo"s Lady Davenport; Pasha Ken
nels' May Hempstead beat Curtis & Sons*
Director; T. J. Cronin's Daisy Dale beat W.
High Uorn Lady was the pikers' guard
ian angel. One dollar played on D. E.
Wiley's dog and left to remain would
have won in the four courses in which
the dog appeared somewhere in the neigh
borhood of $450. High Born Lady had
hard and tough courses, but stayed with
the game until the fifth round, when she
was withdrawn. The scores:
In the third round I taster Davenport
won from Vixen, 1-5; .High Born Lady
from McKinley, 2-7, and Sweetness from
Cash at 1-7. In the fourth round High
Born *Lady beat St. lves at 1-8.
Short-enaers won in such profusion yes
terday that the pikers couldn't pack ttielr
winnings home. In the iirst round Stam
B beat Rollicking Airs, Black Daisy beat
A^annockburn, Briar Koot beat Sir Law
rence and Koyal Fashion beat l^ady Da
venport at odas of 1-5; Usurer- beat Victor
Queen at 1-3; Lear King beat Beer Brew
er, Ulita beat Honor Bright, McKlnley
beat Master Lawrence, 3-5; Fashion Plate
beat Daylight and Minnie Wa Wa beat
Psyche, 2-h. Two dumps occurred in the
second round— High Born Lady beat Ros
lnante and Fashion Plate beat Strayaway
at odds of 1-5.
Both dogs tore up the field together,
coming upon the hare as if they were in
the slips. Echo then began scoring. Dur
ing the middle of the course Vandal work
ed up six points, but Echo got in again
and nnished a strong winner.
Curtis & Son's Echo on the short end of
a 1-2 shot defeated T. J. Cronin's Vandal
in the nnals of the midweek coursing at
Union Park yesterday, thereby winning
the btake. Echo won this course by a
score of 12-6.
Echo Captures the Midweek Reserve
Stake, Defeating Vandal in a
Long Course in the
Talent Is Overwhelmingly
Submerged at .Union
. Coursing Park.
SHORT ENDS WIN,
PIKERS REJOICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JANUARY 24, 1901.
CHINAMAN DECOYED
TO ROOM AND SLAIN
Hong Ah Wing Is Stabbed to Death
and Chen Hoot Kee Is Accused.
Meets With Poor Success in Trying to
Land Slap Dash.
REIFF LOSES ALL
CHANCES AT POST
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
XouO. FIRST ItACE— SevenfurlorigV: seTungTthree-year^o7^sandiiiplpurae7**$350r >^^^"*^^
t~a~ tI P°- t Betting — ¦ I
f Dde * Horse. Age, Weight. Pst St. %. H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
\t-i £ uck °y. 4 101 S6 51 12 12 IS Cobum 6 6 9^2 3^2
i«. Jenny Belle. 3... 103 11 In 42 24 22 O'Connor .. 3 16-5 16-5 7-5
}iit f arn >eriion, 4 105 67 4HBh S3 36 T. Burns.... 4.6 62
wi J? a "rie. 4 101 22 62 31 41 43 Mounce .... 2 6-2 B-2 1
}3 g urdoc l«. 4 101 8 4 3h 71 6 10 65 Fauntleroy 15 80 80 40
i«i? S2 ul o Pla >'' * " 78 2h 21 51 61 Ransch ..... 30 100 100 40
"S The Singer. 4. ...101 4 5 7H61 7 10 7 10 Domlnlck •.. 5 6 6-2
ilA-Hglii. 1^ « -103 3 3 8 8 8 8 Stuart 50 8ft 60 20
Time— %. :13*4; >4. :26Vi; %, :51; %, 1:32. Fair start. Won easily. Second and 'third driv
. "? *^ lnner > H. J. Jones' b. g. by Imp. Brutus-Decoy Duck. Interfered with slightly at
8 ~ rti _ w 'nner ran circles around his field. Isallne ran well for half a mile. . Parmenlon
cut -on at back stretch turn. The Singer and Morella almost left. Scratched— Gold
Bad K e 89. Jerld 110, Formatus 101.
liiiil. SECOXD RACE-One mile; selling; maidens; three-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Po^ ~ ! < Betting
index Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. Vi. V4. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CI. PI.
.... Nansen, 4 ll& 46 3^2H16 16 Henry 1.1 7-10 1-4
1384 George Dewey, 3.101 11 8 61 23 21 Mounce .... 10 25 20 &
J5i* am Howard, 4.. 116 84 5n 51 32 33 Bullman ... 5 8 7 8-5
,?XX Haralamb, 3 ....103 6 6 42 4n 51 4n. O'Connor .. 8 10 10- S
J??? ambacere8 - 3....104 08 62 73 66 5H Coburn 8 8 7 2
loll Red Cherry, 4...114 3 2 21 32 41 6 10 Jenkins .... 20 30 30 10
.... The Hoodoo, 3... 99 23 71 8 7 10 7 15 Ranach 20 60 60 15
.... Cerrosanta. 3 ...101 77 lnll 8 8 Fauntleroy 30 60 50 20
Ttme — %. :37H; H. :52H; %¦ 1:22; mile, 1:50. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, P. Dunne's ch. g. by Bramble-North Anna. Nansen pounds the best
ana compelled to be. Was not straight when barrier was released. Sam Howard able
to be out again. Cerrosanta had a bushel of speed.
l«9a. THIRD RACE— Two miles; hurdle; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
I Po.l ~™ ~~ ~ r Betting :^ >
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. Pst(St. lm. IVi. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
(16S0)-Lomo. a 155 2 3 11 14 18 110 Cairns 4-6 4-5 7-10 1-4
1880 Granger, a 150 5 4 3 10 26 24 23 Hennessy ..466 3-2
Ia66 Mestor, a 150 11 22 3 50 3 3 G. Wilson.. 10 12 .12 5-2
.... The Californ'n. 5.126 4 2 5 10 5 100 • ... Worth'gton 10 15 9 3
if^O William O'B, a. .153 3 6 4 20 4 50 • ... Cooper 10 40 SO 8
I 09 ? Negligence. 6 153 6 5 6 6 • ... Hueston 4 7 6 2
Tlm e— 4:12. Fair start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner. W. P. Fine's ch.
g. by Red Iron-Lily W. Lomo only galloped. Granger is Improving. Mestor consistent.
Negligence lame. 'Pulled up.
1CO3. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; Coney Inland Handicap; three-year-olds and up; $895.
i _, Po. I, BetUng >
Index Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
C678) Ordnungr. 6 115 6 3 2111 11% 12 J. Miller 3 9-2 9-2 8-5
16S3 Scotch Plaid. 6. .103 4 6 66 6 18 6 15 2 % O'Connor ... 12 20 20 •
1C77 Rolling Boer, 3..10S 72 52 4n 3^31 Coburn 3 7-2 7-2 1
(1649) Kenllworth. 3.... 105 35 3n 2V&21 4^T. BUrns.... 3 4 7-2 3-3
(1CS1) Mocorlto, 6 105 2 4 42 54 42 6 10 Henry 6 10 8 6-J
1C16 Hermoso. 6 Ill 11 111*32 S2 6 15 Dominick ..4 4 7-2 7-5
(1607) Asian. 4 lOj 57 7 7 7 7 Mounce 8 12 10 4
Time— U. :25: H. :49H; %. 1:11 Stragglln? start. Won handily. Second and third driving.
Winner. J. F. -Schorr's ch. g. by Imp. Order or Jim Gore-imp. Highland Lore. Ordnung
won under restraint. Almost left, Plaid ran a remarkable race. Boer no wonder. Kenll
worth joking^ IlermoEO ran a fast quarter. Acian left.
3004. FIFTH RACE— Mile and an eighth; handicap; three-year-olds and up; purse, $500.
Po. 1, Betting
Index Horse. Age, Weight. Pst St. %. «4. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI?
U543) Eddie Jones, 6. ...113 14 3H34 11 13 Jenkins .... 8-5 lTi i>5 jTs
1675 The Lady. 4 1G6 31 23 lh 24 28 Bergen 4-5 4-5 4-5 1-4
(1640) Bathos, 4 93 2 3 12 2 1 3 12 3 15 Redfern .... 6 6 11-2 6-5
1£2« Autumn, 6 106 4 2 4 4 4 4 Henry 6 15 12 3
Time-tt, :13; K. :25%: %. :52V4: %. 1:18*4 i mile. 1:46%: «lV4m. 1:59H. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's br. h. by Morello-Early
Rose. Track Just suited winner. He won galloping. Lady did her best. Bathos out
classed. Autumn ran poorly. Scratched— Vulcaln 107, Formero 59. Greyfeld 111.
1G}»5. SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
jPo. Bcttlnn
Index Horse and Weight.' Pst St. hi- %• Etr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. CK Pi?
1655 Maresa 117 6J*11 lh 12 12 Mounce 3 I 9T9 7T5
1667 Phil Archibald... 122 61 23 25 24 26 Frawley .... 8 15 15 4
1610 Courtier 119 7 4 4^42 32 36 Bergen ..... 8 15 12 5
1375 Argot 117 33 34 84 44 44 Jenkins .... 7 10 9 J
U»64) Edna Brown 117 15 64 51 61 64 N. Turner.. 4-5 4-5 7-10 3-10
1584 Slap Dash 121 4 6 6 50 6 60 6 100 6 160 L. Reiff 3 6 6 7-5
1377 Rasp 112 2|7 7 7 7 7 Tullett 40 100 1QQ 40
T!me-1-1«. :07; 3-16. :19H: 7-16. :44%; 6%f.l:2<5. Bad start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, J. Dolan's b. f. by Imp. True Brlton-Mayetta. Maresa can run In some
numbers of mud. Archibald unfastened. Edna Brown seized with a fainting spell appar
ently. Rasp swerved In front of Slap Dash at start. Scratched— Introductor 115 Gaylon
Brown 119, Alzura 117. Straight Shot 119. «ay,oa
4
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Cough. Cough.
Ni^ht and day, until the strength is
entirely exhausted, and that dreaded
word « Consumption" begins to be whis-
pered among; friends. That's a common
story, familiar to the people of erery
town and village. /
There's another story which ought to
be as widely known as the story of dis-
ease, and that is the story of the cures
effected by the use of Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery. Bronchitis, asthma,
obstinate, deep-seated coughs, bleeding
of the lungs, and other forms of disease
which affect the respiratory organs, are
permanently cured by the use of " Golden
Medical Discovery."
"Only for Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-
covery I think I would be in my grave to-day,"
writes Mr. Moses Miles, of HilHard, Ulnta Co..
Wyoming-. "I had asthma so bad I could not
sleep at nisrtit and was compelled to gire up
wort. It aflfected my lungs so that I coughed'
all the time, .both night and day. My fnends
all thought I had consumption. My wife in-
sisted on my trying Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery — wrlich I did. I have taken four
bottles and am now a well man, weighing 185
pounds, thanks to Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt of stamps
to pay expense of mailing only. Send 21
one-cent stamps for book in paper covers
or 31 stamps for cloth-bound. Address
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
DR.MEYERS&CO, jg^ftk
Specialists. Disease Sg*^
and weakness of Ss^»
men. Established {&%& v
1881. Consultation; Win r j^^fS/
and * private book* NSfcy. \ :• /I \
free, at ofllce or by iSIm,.} yV*SKj
mall. Cures guar- °?|M« ffiwUfi *
anteed. 731 Mar- NsfllSl^W
ket street (elevator A^*iBBiwN§
entrance). San ,>£ S. iRqWKal
Francisco. **3§feM*e?a3X55^
JflllCARTEKS *
81GK- HiADAOHi
cored toy tlMfle
XilttlO PillS.
They also reiirve Distress tram Dj*pt?*tft,
todlgotlon and Too Hearty Eating. A per.
fisct remedy tot Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsl.
ness, Bad Taste id tbe Mouth, Coateo Tongue
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
lU^ulate the Bowda. Purely Vegetable.
8ifiall Pin* Small Dose*
8ma!! P?!ce>
v& Genuine
>l||iL IS IMPORTED
'^^^^^ from V1CMY, France,
g^^^§ In Bottles.
VICHY Wbenjoadriakso-caDed
r ~/f^i***""" p in Siphon* 70a are
fMj5^^*^S drinklnttacheaplinitaUon
¦S N *iS i '§ which contain* no raedlcl-
t *£*?-:i_.v<if+z sal properties, like that
~V.£l found In tha Natural
iyU^fcliJygD Vichy Water.
Taken with meals'
It PREVBNTS and CURES lnrfire*tl«a.
Be SURE the BOTTLE
; LOOKS LIKE THIS CUT.
I For Sale at all HoteU, Cafe* and Drwggtst*.
General Ajtency , 230 Broadvar. K. Y.
Cp Hoffmanettes Cp
Jb cigar. "«
THE HILSON CO. Movers. N. Y.
MAU, SADLER & CO.. Distribatsra. San franeitM .
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains—Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local IJm'd 1 Ovrl'd | Local
Dally. Dally.l Dally.l Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a I S:00 p ' 4:TO p
Ar. Stockton 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
•' Merced .. 12:25 p 1:11 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 1:20 p 2:35 p- 1:05 a
" Hanford. 4:22 p 3:Z7 p 7:0« a
** Vlsalla .. 4:10 p .4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p B:«oa
" Hksfleld . «:50p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago .| 2:15 p I 9:00 p |
a for mornlns. '¦ i> for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited,
CarrylnK Palace Sleeping Cars and Dinlntr
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car run*
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class pawoerurers. No second class
tickets are honored on "this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palae*
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally. *
7:20 a. m. Is Bak«>rsfl*M Local, stopping
at all points In' San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding: train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco: 1118 Broadway. Oak-
land.
Chicago
in 3 Days
San Francisco At 10 A, M,
Chicago, Union Pacific
£r North-Western Line
TROUBLE Drawmg-T^oom Sleeping
I J drs, Buffet, < making and Library
-*S Cars, tcilh barb. r. Di'ing Cart-
meals a It carte. "Daily Tourist Car
Service and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions every tceek from San Francisco
at 6 p. m. The best of even thing.
It. K. JtfTCfffB
6 17 Market St. General Agent Paeljle Ctatt
Pilate Botel SAX TRAXCPiCO
Are You
interested in
Mexico?
We are thinking of running
a cheap excursion to Mexico
about March ist. Do you
care anything about it? Let
us know if you do.
F. W. PRINCE,
. Santa Fe Agent.
641 Market st.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vi« S«usal!to F«rry.
Command n« September 30. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALIJBT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:53. *9:15, 11:00 a. ra., 1:45,
8:15. 4:00. 6:15. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Ban
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m. KSaVM
SUNDAYS— *$:M, *V>:W, •11:30 a. m., »l:li.
3:15. «4:45. 6:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO
WEEK DAYS-5:20, «6:30. 7:45. *:SQ a. ta.1
•12:S0, 1:43, '3:30, 4:30, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday!
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:20. ••8:00. »10:00. 11:45 », m_
•1:40. ¦•2:15. 4:45. *«:30 p. m. *
Trains marked (?) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-S:4S. «:45, 7:55, 9:J0 a. mT
12:35.. 2:10. »:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. nT *»»•«..
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday^
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m. .
SlJNDAYS-8:05. W:W a. m. f 12:05. 2:15 am.
S:00, 6:15 p. m. . . .**
THROUGH TRAIN'S.
6:53 a. m. week days—Cazadero and «u
stations. r .¦> • ¦ .
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and war
stations. >
- 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way
stations. _ . ¦¦',¦_.,
BAII.'WAY TaAVEI£^__^
_____
Who Runs;
May Read
On the
California Limited
Real electric lights
In every berth—
Coins to Chicago
On the
Santa Fe
mouT-Irrji rAcirii! co.nr._MT.
(FAOtriO IINTCM.)
Tralaa ¦••«• wn<l «•••• ««•«•• «• mrrtW ••
MAN riU!««:iM:o.
(Main line. Foot of Market dlr-eO
tiATi — Fkq- Jawpa-t 1. 1901. - A»am
7:_Oa BorieU. Sulsun, Klmir*. V*c*»lU«,
Rumse? and .Sacramento 71-t.ir
7:30 A IHtis, Woodland. Knight* Landing.
Marywilie. Urotill- , 7l !3 P
fiSO* Atlantic Kipreu— Ogden and Eaat 12:1>P
»:«• a Martincx. ~au Uaiuou. Vallejo. Kapa*
Cailstnga ami &anta Uo** •il.'ip
8iO»a NUei. LlTermore. Tncy. La'.hrop,
Stockton 7tl3r
•:SU A Shasta 1 iprrat-IHf U, WiHiaa_l (fof
Bartlott Sprt-gB). WlUowa, K*i
Bluff. Portland. : T«45r
• i3»» Ran Joa*. UTermora, Htockton,
Ioiie, Haeramtuto, PlaetfflUe,
Marytt Illo. Chlco, ){«<! ItlntT 4il»r
t»>a»*Oakdale.C_i_e»«._oiiora, Carters... •*»'•»»
»:»«» Uaywarda. Nile* and Way «t»tiona. » !•••»•
yiuwtlx* Ancvles Expt«a»— Martlura
Tne; Xatlirop. titocktna, Merced
Freii.o and Lot Angeles .......... Til J r
¦:»n* YallfR MartlnM an.l Waf Station* Ofi»P
I «:««•» Thn OTerUnil UmlMd— Ogden, Den-
* jr. Omaha. Chicago •i4»r
ll>0O 4 Nik*, Stockton. Nacramrnto. Men-
dots. Fresno, Han/ord, VUtlia,
Porter»illo _•••• -«« 3 *
I 1 i««a Uftrmon. Sangw. Ocshen Junc-
tion. B*ker»aeld. Lob Angelea.. . . . A .
fliOUP Sacramento lilier &t».iu«».... ??'??*
3i»«p HajwarO*. !*»*• and Wa> Btatknu. »H»r
Vuitr MarUuex. Hail llainmi. ValUJo,
lUpa. 1,'aliKtii**. Santa Itoaa »il»»
4it>r Beulcla. Wlnteim. Sacramento,
Wooillami, Kiilitlita Lauding.
M«rj»»llli-. OrotllU i2 : J2*
4»n«lp H%jwarda, M!e» and San Jo«s...... JJ ! «^*
5:OOi- NiiM. liwmore. Stoek»nn Lodl ... 10*13*
lOiMrBaoiet Limited, El Paao. >.ew
Orleana and EaaV «1»»13*
BiO»rTb« Owl IJmited— Tract. Kreano.
BakenSeld. B*u«tj» for SanU Ba*-
bara. Lot Ad«o1«_ 10«1»A
Sittr Nev Orleaot Eipreaa-Hakerin.1,1.
HanU llarbara. Lua Angelea. Dam*
Ing. El Paao, New Orleaua and
Ki»t 7i«*a
«-.o»r Hajwarda. Nile* and Man Jote ~ l ••}?
fOiOOr Vall»Ji> ll»t.1*
• i««r Oriental MalV-Ogdeo, Chejeoae.
Omaha, Chicagj 1Si13f
«z«©r Oriental JUIl-Ogdeo, Denver.
Omaha. Chicago. «U3r
*:Mr Okiwi and California IS»;>tm». s«o-
rumento, Marr»l!>e. Ko'Mtng.
r,,ri:.«n.l, Tug!* HoitnA am) l«»t >lO*
liMrSia Pablo. P"r» Costa, Mirtlaei
and Way tUatlo-l * l: 1?*
tBi«3r Vall-Jo 7»43y
COAffl IMVlslOS t.Wroir (iange).
< Foot ot Market Street.)
¦5,1.1 » Nawarlc.Oiitrrii.lf.Saii.lDao, F'.ti-ii,
Boulder Crrek.San ta Crux aud V.'af
HUUoua v-. •*¦*»
t»il»F Newark. CAntervlUa, 8an Joa«, New
Almailoii, Felton, llnulder Creek.
Sant* Criu and Principal W»f
Stationa ? I J'?I*
¦lil.1t Newark. Hun Joae. Los Gatoa S:»W4
a9i*9r Hnnura" Exonrtion. Saa Jo»« «ad
Way8t««on» I'"" 1
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tt*mUl mxeiSCO— r«l .f UtUl Itrnt (Sli» 8)—
t7.15 J:iX> n:0Pa.m. 1:00 3:W) 5:15p.m.
From Oakland— Foot of Broadway.— +8 tS ta:03
10:(0a.m. 12:00 2:00 «:00p.m.
COAST DITBWOS (llroail <!«•*•)•
(Thlnl iind To.Tiinen«» 3U>
• «:««» Ocean Vi«w, 8o«itn rtan KraucUc".. t*^'"*
7i»-a San Jow »"•» «•» St«U..«a (N««r
Alma>la» We.lneiidajat.iily) li»«»*>
9i«0A Han Joie. Tre» I'lime. H»nt» rrn«.
Pacific <Jrote. l'a»<> lt»l»lr«.^.Man
Luis <)i>l»i".. Surf. Lompoe and
Principal W»» 8UH....B i'l?*
I»iH»* Baa J<>«» a»d Way Stationa Jl'Jit
I IiSMa .sh.i .Joie ami Way SUtl.».a ........ »« •»•»
? »i l»r San Mateo. K«dwno.t. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. ilanU Clara. Han .!•«•,
Trea Pinoa. Santa Crux. Sallnaa.
Monterey and I'aciflo Or..». I 1 !! 1 ?"*
taiS«r 9aa Jote and Way Station. ....... »»»•»
HiISp San Jneeand PrindpaJ Way Statiom tti 15*
tStOttrSan Joa«. Lo» Oato« and Principal
WaySUtiona 'J : ??*
aiSnp 9an Jon au.l Principal Way Statioaa "••J^*
Bi:»«p3anJo»9aiid Way Station* 'SjJt-
alli45pSan Joaeami Way Station* «:3I»?
A for Uoniing. Pfor AfUnioon.
t Si.m.U, eiceptad. i saudm./ only
a Mondaym. 'Wedneadaya, Trlday*.
rad>r> ' aan<^
CALIFORNIA NORTRWESTEBN RY. CO.
LjBSSES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Mar^tt St
San Francisco to San Rafael.
T1BXJRON FEKKt- KOOT OF UAKkKT ST.
WEtK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:». *:».
1:10. l:S0 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trl? at 11:34
.p. ro. Saturday*— Extra trip* at 1:50 and
11:10 d. ra.
6TJN DATS— 8:00. «:S0. 11:00 a. m.; 1:JO. 1:50. 5:0*.
t:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK UAlfS— *;!». 7:50. »:«. U:lu a. m.; 11:13^
1:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip* at l:*i
and f:!S p. m.
8UNDAT8-«:10. t:40. tt:10 av m.; »:«. S:«. 5:0S.
1:25 p. m.
Between Saa Francisco and Schnctaea Park.
mm* fchedule a* abo-r*. %
~~ L«» T- j In Effect j Arrive
B*n Frand«co. | Not. 7. 1900. | gan Francisco.
Week I Sun- 1 I Sun- I Weeic
Day*. I day*. | Destination. | days. | Day.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 110:44 am) 8:40 am
1:30 pm 1:30 am Petaluma. I <:«5 pm!10:2S an
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. ¦ 7:3S pm| «:23 pm
/ Fulton. "
T:80 axa Windsor. 10:19 am
Healdsburg;.
Lytton.
Ocyserrllle,
l:S0pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. T:SS pm 1:9 pra
T:S0am| j Uopland j i "
f> |»:00nm| and Ultlah. |7:35pm| •:» pm
I:M ara 110:25 am
8.-00 am GuerneTlll?. 7:8 pml
I W pm I «:H pm
7:30 am 1:00 am Sonoma 9:14 am J:wam j
and **
1:10 pm » :00 pm Qien Ellen. 1:06 pm »:Spm
»:80 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 «mlti::s am
8:» pm| »:0O pm| Bcbaatopol. | T:35 pml «:22 pm
Staces connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark West
Bprtnn and Whits Bulphur Sprlnzs; at Pultoa
for AltrurU: *t Lytton for Lytton Spring;*: at
O«yaenrlllt> for Skaggs Sprlnga: at Clo'»«rdala>
for the Oeyaera: at Hopland for Duncaa
BprtEKi. Rlchland Pprlnsts. Kels«yvU!«, Carl*,
bad Bprlnxs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Bprtas*; at Uktah for Vichy Spring*. Saratoga
Spring*. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. 'Witter
Spring*. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. » Rlvcrvld*, Llerleys. Buckneir*.
Btnhedrla Height*. Hullytlle.Orr's Hot Spiinca,
Mtndoclno City. Fort Brm«t. Westport, Uial.
Valletta. LaytonvllJe. Cummlngs. Bell's Spring.
Harrta. Olaena. Drer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at ra-
duced rates.
On Sunday*, round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond Saa Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. CM Market at.. Cbrontcia build.
tarn. R- X. RTAJI.
H. C WHTTTMO. O«a. Paaa. Agt.
Gen. Manarer.
MOUNT TAMALPA1S RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Saunallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS... .»:13 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare. San Frand*co to> Suminlt and r*turn.
II 40. "
NEW TAVERN OP TAMALPAI9 NOW OPEN
Ticket office*. SZX Market St.. Sanaallto Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6U9 HEARS Y ST. Established
In 1*S4 for the treatment r>t I'rlvata
Dl»a»«i, Lont Manbimd, Dehillt v or
aiw.as» wearfnsnn hodranU mind and 1
Skin Dlgeasea. The Doctor cure* when^
oth«r* fall. Trj him. Cbarg es low.
*-¦«¦?• im«ra\iit*»J. CallorwrlMk
»r. J. V. U1BBOA . Ban Pxaa«taco, Cat _The good behavior at Nome heretofore has
been something remarkable. Never before has
co large a population been gathered together
urdcr such circumstances and so little crime
I If receivers and the trouble over titles are
to be continued through the coming season the
friction will jto beyond threats. There will
be shooting and slaughter, and General Ran
dall has not enough men to preserve order In
the camp. Terrible trouble is possible and the
Government will be powerless to prevent it.
a great change. The known ability of Judge
Brown as a mining lawyer would dispose of
all fears and confidence would be restored.
. Gentlemen, the Immediate settlement of this
problem seems to be of first Importance to the
future of Alaska.
resulted. The preservation of law and order
ta» been a high tribute to the citizenship of
the land that furnished most of the popula
tion, but the strain upon them should not be
made too great.
The proposed Congressional investigation of
the court does not offer the relief necessary.
Such an Investigation must be conducted at
Nome, and before It can complete Its work
September will have arrived and another sea
son been wasted. . /
, The latest El Dorado is reported -to ;b« on
Kcme City* Beach, ¦ Alaska. . Thousands or
pt-ople are hastening - there, . many "of «vhom
return broken In health. : Of ¦¦ what avail Is
geld when health Is gone?. 'Guard your health
with- the/ best of all medicines, HostettPr's
Stomach Dl tiers. It ¦will regrulate the. bowels, <
stir, up - the liver. Invigorate ¦ the kidneys ¦ and
absolutely cur* Indigestion, constipation, -ma
laria, chills and fever. ••¦ It's a good medicine
to ' keep oa hand. ¦
Gold! Gold! Gold!
' :>,' a BrickvWall.r
SALINAS, Jan. /. 22.^-Three ' prisoners in
the County Jail were foiled to-day,ln:an
attempt to dig through the prison walls.
They are Charles Anderson and William
.Hotter, highwaymen,: and Harrv Belmont
an opium "fiend." But for •¦ the - timeiv
d scovery made by. Sheriff Keefe a'gener
al, jail delivery might have resulted, as
many prisoners are confined in the pris
on. A hole two feet square had been cut
in ; .the .brick and ¦ a • four-inch steel bar
was. sawed half through, -i ,.,,..
¦ Among the tools useJby the tollers were
two'ilarge keys: of., crude workmanship,
with these they, reached; through the bars
and unlocked their cells. ; A- three-cornere 1
nie and nve • small • saws. two \made from
corset steel, two from broken scissors and
one from ¦ an Iron bar,, were * foqnd. ' Two
sandbags and a- jimmy, made r out of an
iron bar wrenched from. the wall coniDlet
ed^thelr^ outfit. •¦.; . ' . . . ' ~ ; ¦ ... •
Oil Excitement at Woodland.
WOODLAND, Jan/; 23.— The? bulk; of the
business x in the = County '¦-. Recorder's ; office
nowadays ; Is the recording ; of ; mining: ' no
tices. : The . oil excitement : Is \ running i high
and constantly- Increasing. 1 s >.
After They'.Had Penetrated
Plot of . Three Prisoners \ Discovered
ATTEMPT- TO DIG ,
• OUT OF SALINAS JAIL
" SEATTLE,- Jan. 23.— Governor John - G.
Brady of Alaska In an address before the
Seattle Chamber of Commerce to-day said
that he believed the transfer-of Judge Ar
'thur H. Noyes from Nome to Southeast
ern "Alaska to be a mater of the greatest
Importance 'to Alaska: He ,: went further
and 'declared that- unless Judge Noyes
were transferred from Nome It would re
sult In the ; development of : the camp Ae
ing^retarded for another season, and?; If
the\threats.ln 'regard to the receivership
.were^ carried out,' In a reign of lawlessness
that General Randall would be unable to
handle ;wlth the insufficient trobps at his
command. .He said In part: '«
/While I was In Nome last summer both sides
of the trouble were poured lntt» my ears. The.
•entire /camp was = torn up *rJth\ the agitation.
The ';¦ method of protecting property ¦ rights by
tho i appointment 'of receivers did not prove
wise. There was ' an uncertainty.; as to prop
erty ownership ¦:. that %. was destructive to" all
plans for the development . of the camp.
The f. Nome .disturbances have . created fears
and; now the '. question Is V being, everywhere
'opked: '."What 'will;, we. have;-, at ; Nome this
season? ' .Will .- thing? ' be'- as . they''- were • last
September ; or will | there be a changers | Men
w ho ,. want to Invest demand that > the£e ques
tions; be answered."* * . - . , ¦.
• 'The story of °. the troubles at Nome . has been,
spread' over -. the entire country. . They have
been - taken up In; the courts . at ¦ San Francisco
and ; have been | carried to I the . Supreme | Court
They have gone to Washington and have com*
before the . Judiciary Committee. ' Members of
both ¦ houses ¦ have talked " about them. >- A - bill
has. been Introduced In the House and another
In the Senate, both, providing for an investi
gation, of the; Nome court. - r, . .
. It Is : probable s that not another man ap
pointed by: President McKlnley had such strong
Indorsements as had Arthur H. Noyes.' These
¦were backed by a good Judicial: record. -To-day
Judge Noyes has many. excellent: friends in the'
administration. ; The : Attorney General has de
clared that he .will be given ample opportunity
to , make ; his 'JZ defense, hut;-, no :¦ . matter .how
blameless ' Noyes ¦ may bet there Is doubt as to
¦ what . his . future : course ¦ -will be, and : It Is ¦ that
doubt i Is ' retarding - the - growth -' at • the
camp. -People will not^ go there, no extensive
plans for development -.will be made and there
rrill f be i no -investments ; of capital • until . there
Is an assurance that the events of last season
will: not; be repeated this year.: .— .*• V :,-,¦¦
1 '^.The i only i manner. ¦» In \> which ¦ thls\ assurance
canibeigiven Js'toltransfer 'Judge Noyes to
Juneau'and" Judge ; Brown to ¦ Nome, s? The plan
has ', been :¦ laid > before, i the - administration » and
Is -no-wi under.' consideration. -r-..'.- t:.-, -~ ¦• . ..»
:\ Under, such- an l arrangement /Judge * Noyes
wnuld be In close, communication with "Wash
ington.. In the Nome situation It would male*
Alaskan Executive -Urges
the Transfer 'of the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GOVERNOR BRADY
ARRAIGNS NOYES
I • -, y '' lieutenant? Taylor. \ ; .
i'i PENSACOLA? Fla.?- Jari; 23.— Lieutenant
Taylor/ of > the'/ United" States « J revenue
. launch Penrose- was drowned here to-day.,
\ MADISON,' Ind.VvJan.S 23.— William 'A.
Denton;; a' soldier! of the : Black Hawk In
dian war, died here to-day,; aged 101 year?.
; William A; Denton".
PORTLAND. Ind.Vr Jan. 23.— General
John*P.?C ' Shanks, agedl75, who com
manded t'af brigade \ at L the battle' of \ Bull
Run and • who ; for, years was , prominent in
Indiana State « and • national ; politics, died
here to-dsjy after a short Jllnesa.
" John H./Thomas. l
.SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, Jan. .23.— John H;
ThomaE., a ¦ millionaire -manufacturer and
prominent' Democrat;?dropped-dead at hi3
home here to-day, aged 77 years. ¦; He was
the - head of the . Thomas Manufacturing
Company.''.": ¦,¦ '-'"¦"¦'_. .. :.;;... : :,; >,
General John P. C. Shanks.'
.'.' NAPA, Jan. 23.— Dr. K. Haun, one of the
best known "physicians of ' Napa, was
found dead in his bed : this morning at his
residence on Third: street. He had about
recovered : from a' severe ¦ illness ¦ and waa
able" to be-out on t, the street yesterdaV
Deceased was 64 years of age and a native
of Canada. ;¦ He had , been a resident of
Napa for twenty years and at : different
periods served the^city on: the Board 'of
Trustees. ¦< . % . .,-. -. ..
Dr. B. Haun.
State University Experts Address a
Los Gatos Gathering. '
LOS GATOS, Jan; 23.— The farmers' in
stitute held to-day under the auspices of
Ix)Sj Gatos Grange No. 314 was. well at
tended. Tho meeting was called to order
by J. J.: Cornell, and the exercises opened
with an Instrumental- solo by Mrs Wha
ley. After divine Invocations, an address
of welcome was delivered by Dr. Cole
man. Professor D. .T. Fowler of the State
University responded. Numerous topics
relating to : the proper culture ! of various
fruits were ably, disposed of by Professor
Fowler. ¦' : ¦< ..• • .:
Professor Leroy Anderson of Berkeley"
spoke on some of the principles to be ob
served inibuttpr-making, and -after a hu
morous recitation by.O. B. Whaley • Pro
fessor, Fowler spoke on poultry topics
Professor Anderson then delivered the ad
dress of the meeting, choosing for his sub
ject the "Balanced Rations.". . *.*¦ .
Abbie Palmer-Empress of
! ' Japan Affair.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Jan. 23.-Franz
Muller, the Danish sailor who fell off the
bowsprit of the American" bark ' Abbie
Palmer when - that < ship was in collision
with the Empress of Japan seven weeks
ago off Cape Flatterv, is the cause of
contention Just now between the rival
owners of the two vessels. Claims for
damages in the collision have been put
in by each of the vessels against the oth
er and Muller, who was lookout .pn tho
Abbie Palmer, is an important witness tn
the investigation that is to take place.
Muller denies that he is favoring the Ca
nadian Pacific, wflich owns the Empress
of Japan, but he has so far refused to
cross the international boundary line and
have any sort of conference with the
American owners of the Palmer. .
After Muller Jumped aboard the Em
press when the vessel struck he was taken
to Japan. He. made several affidavits and
informed United States Consul Dudley to
day, that he had seen and reported tho
Empress; lights twenty minutes ; before
the collision. At Hongkong Muller is said
to have wished to return, while the offi
cers of the Empress wanted , to pay him
off. ' Muller then affected the bluff that
statements heMiad sworn to were untrue
and that he would como back to the in
vestigation. in spite of everybody; so
after much wrangling, Muller was brought
back. He hag made a claim through Con
sul Dudley for back wages due him from
the Palmer, but refuses steadiastly to
to Seattle to talk: the matter over with
the Abbie Palmer ; people, who are. much
in need of him.
FARMERS' \ INSTITUTE.
Peculiar Attitude of a Witness in the
COLLISION OF SHIPS ..
WELL : BE IITVESTI GATED
CHICAGO. Jan. 23.— The will of the late
Alfred Kent gives Yale University 550,000.
The crtire estate amounts to $1,250,000.
Donation to Yale.
NTTW TORK, Jan. 23.- The cargo steam
er Circassian Prince, concerning the safe
ty of which much anxietv had been felt,
arrived here to-day thirty days from
Shields, Ensjand.
Missing Steamer Safe.
NEW YOPJC. Jan- 25.-A Judgment for
J.V*"'.0i7 v.-ajs entered to-day against Cor
neJitis L. Ajjyord Jr. :n favor of the Firut
XationaJ Bark. This judgment is lor
moneys cm' ezz'.fi eu:-l misappropriated
l^tween January 1, 1835, and October 18,
1300.
Judgment Ag-ainst A^vwrd.
Italian Government Thanks Admiral
Candiani for the Service Ren
dered navigation.
ROME, Jan. 23.— A dispatch from Shang
hai says the Italian naval authorities re
cently captured eleven pirates and they
were executed to-day. The Government,
it is added, has thanked Admiral Candi
ani for the service thus rendered to navi
gation.
CHINESE PERATES A TIE •
EXECUTED AT STTATTGSAI
In 1S95 Shirley went to San Francisco
to see about borrowing $6000 to pay off a
mortgage on his ranch. On the train he
met Thomas White. The latter engaged
the old man /in conversation. First re
ligious topics were . touched upon, and
then White drifted on to finance. He in
quired after Shirley's financial standing,
and thelatter told him of his fine farm,
and ¦ how he was endeavoring to I borrow
money to pay $6000 standing against it.
White Is alleged to have "Declared to
Shirley that he was Just tho man Shirley
•was- looking for, and it must have been
the divine spirit that threw him in his
way. Heftold Shirley that a few years
before, while he and his brother, : C. M.
White, were fishing -In Oregon, they dis
covered an immensely rich .mine and ho
was nenotiattng the sale, of it to the
Rothschilds for $11,000,000. Besides this,
they had taken out all the gold they need
ed. White and his brother, whom Shir
ley's companion declared was very relig
ious, had decided to set . apart the lion is
share of their fortune to pay off the debts
of Christians. White told Shirley he came
SATS JOSE. Jan. 23.— The pitiful story of
a "gold brick" swindle which has .ren
dered almost destitute Silas Shirley and
his wife, who are both nearly four score
years old. -was related in Judge Hylahd's
court to-day.' The case is that of Shirley
against Thomas H. White and W. Lair
Hill to recover possession of real estate
worth $18,000, a few miles north of this
city. Hill recently foreclosed a mortgage
on the place, and the suit is brought
to have it set aside.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Aged Couple Tell a Pitiful
Story in Court at
San Jose. -
The land was bought by all, each con
tributing a pro rata of the sum. It was
agreed that the land should be held and
used for the benefit of all. . In 'further
ance of the purposes two companies — the
Sacramento Land and Development Con** •
pany and the Sacramento Oil Company
were organized and forty acres of land
were conveyed to the Sacramento Oil
Company and the remaining one-twen
tieth to the Sacramento Oil and Develop
ment Company. It is alleged that the
partners held all the stock— 9000 shares—
of the Sacramento Oil and Development
Company and 36,000 shares out of the 50,000
in the Sacramento Oil Company, the re
maining 14,000 in the latter being held by
the company for sale in order to develop
the property. Carmichael was selected at
Clark's request as manager and secretary
and had supervision of the work of boring
for oil. •
The complaint charges that when it be
came apparent that the land contained oil
Sesnon and Carmichael concealed from
Clark all knowledge of the true situation,
and in order to obtain Clark's stock for
themselves and the other defendants they
began a systematic course of misrepresen
tation. Plaintiff alleges that oil was
struck on January 7, 1900. Before that
MADE PAUPERS
BY A SWINDLE
The complaint alleges that Clark, Ses
non and Samuel in the summer of 1S99
entered into an arrangement to purchase
oil lands, and shortly thereafter tound lt>0
acres In Kern County belonging to the
Berry Oil and Development Company
which could be purchased for $2400. ' An
agreement was mode to purchase the- land
at that price and Clark paid $500 on ac
count. It was then determined to take
in other persons. Accordingly Carmich
ael, Wright, Knowles, Gillis and Porter
associated themselves with Clark, Sesnon
and Samuel.
A suit making allegations identical with
those of Clark was also filed this after
noon by A. P. Booth, business partner of
Clark. Judge Hughes at once issued tem
porary restraining orders as prayed for
and directed the defendants to appear in
his court .February b and show cause why
the order should not be made permanent.
J. B. Wright, one of the defendants, is
superintendent of the Sacramento division
of the Southern Pacific; J. L. Gillis, an
other defendant, is State Librarian; D.
W. Carmichael, another defendant, was
formerly Treasurer of Sacramento and Is
a leading Democratic politician; W. T.
Sesnon, another defendant, was formerly
County Clerk of San Francisco, and at
present is secretary of the Railroad Com
missioners; B. F. Porter, another defend
ant, is the father-in-law of Sesnoo, and a
wealthy resident of Santa Cruz 'County,
while W. E. Knowles and A. J. Samuel
are oil-land dealers at Bakersfield.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 23.— A sensational
suit was filed in the' Superior Court this
afternoon by Mayor George H. Clark
against D. W. Carmichael, William T.
Sesnon, James L. Gillis, • J. B. Wright,
W. E. Knowles, A. J. Samuel. \B.' F. Por
ter, the Sacramento Land and . Develop
ment Company and tha^ Sacramento Oil
Company. Charges of fraud and Conceal
ment of facts are freely alleged by Mayor
Clark against the defendants. Owing to
the prominence of * the parties Involved
the suit has produced a decided sensation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
under the benefaction, and he intended' to
hel^ him.- / - , , v t
White said he would advance the money
needed by Shirley and he did not care
whether it was ever . paid back or not.
The only thing he asked was that Shirley
make a- trust deed of his property to him
to show his gratitude. This Shirley agreed
to do, but after the instrument had been
made he learned that he had given White
an absolute deed instead of a trust deed.
After this White sent Shirley 51 and for
ty shares of the Red Rock 'Mining Com
pany, which -he claimed were worth *40 -
000. Shirley found the stock was worth
less, and when he accused White the lat
ter-is-said' to; have 'admitted 'that it had
"no value. ' .- ; .-';/. ¦ '-¦¦:¦ ¦ : :-'.\ '¦ ¦-..
.White transferred the property around,
and some of it he mortgaged to W. Laird
Hill; the well-known Ban Francisco, law
yer. A year ago H1H foreclosed. Now
Shirley has brought suit- to recover*. the
property from Hill. The foregoing, story
was told by .Shirley and 'his wife on the
stand to-day. ¦• > . ¦
Judge Hyiand decided that fraud " was
perpetrated by White in obtaining title tb
the property and. gave a decree clearing
title so far as-White, was concerned. • W.
Lair Hill, the. court "said, appeared to be
an innocent - party, a He had transferred
his interest to the, First National Bank
of Oakland and the latter, now. holds the
title as • an innocent '• purchaser. Shirley's
attorneys intimate other proceedings
against Hill. • ! o
Thomas H. White has disappeared and
cannot be found. CM. White died a year
ago. ;¦ . - - --¦¦-;-¦ --
On October 31, 1900, the Sacramento Land
and Development Company conveyed '.to
Knowles seventeen acres and a fraction
of the 120 "acres and at the same ¦ time
deeded to 'Wright, Gillis and Carmichael
fifty-two acres and to Samuel the same
number conveyed to Knowles. ClarK
charges that such deeds' were -given- in
consideration of the surrender to the com
pany by • the grantees o"f the stock that
they held and that the deeds were made
to hinder and obstruct- him in the'recov
ery of his stock. Finally plaintifCideclarea
that since he gave. up his stock to Car
michael and Sesnon the ¦ Sacramento Oil
Company, which owns the forty acres
where oil was struck, had taken • out at
least 60,000 barrels of oil; that .such land
is now producing and will continue to
produce large quantities of oil; that de
fendants had on hand several thousand
barrels and- that they .will dispose of It
unless the court intervenes. Clark and
Booth ask that they be fully reinstated
as ; stockholders, afhrming their willing
ness to pay back the money given th»>m
by the seven defendants, and they also
ask that the court restrain the defendants
from disposing' of the stock in such a
way was to shut them out of their. rights.
On January 13, 1900, Carmichael and Ses
non brought to Clark and Booth $3554 45.
representing that the land had been sold
for $100 per acre and that the money thus
paid Clark and Booth was their share—
two-ninths— of the purchase price. -*
¦ Clark further charges that the sale was
a mere pretense and a fraud; that no sale
had ever been contemplated;, that none of
the parties. had intended to sen. or desired
to do so and that no negotiations were
ever pending for a sale. Plaintiff alleges
that the forty acres of land belonging to
the Sacramento Oil Company upon which
oil had been struck were then' worth $200,
000, and the remaining 120 acres belonging
to the Sacramento Land and Development
Company were worth $480,000. Clark
further alleges that after he delivered his
stock to Carmichael and Sesnon It was
divided among the seven defendants and
that the money paid to him was furnished
by them.
Clark alleages that on January 10, 1900,
three days after the discovery of oil, Car
michael and Sesnon, knowing that oil had
been struck, and Wright; Gillis and other
defendants, also having notice of the" dis
covery, went to Clark and A. P. Booth
and represented that a purchaser had
been found for the land for $100 per acre,
and that a sale had better be made at
once, for there was no prospect of dis
covering oil, and all parties had agreed
to sell for that figure, and were In fact
about to do so.
Thereupon, plaintiff says, he indorsed
his certificates of stock and delivered the
same to Carmichael, but plaintiff states
that the representations made to him
were false and were made for the purpose
of defrauding him; that all the defendants
knew that the land was valuable and all
acted together in the effort to obtain for
themselves the stock of Clark and Booth.
time, the complaint avers, Carmichael had
reported to Clark: that the land was of
but little value, and did not contain oil,
and that there was no hope of finding any,
but that because of the discovery of oil
In Kern County a few months before, and
in consequence of the demand thus cre
ated for land, it might be possible for the
parties to sell the land at $100 per acre,
and that a sale ought to be made at thai
price, as no greater could be obtained.
MAYOR GEORGE H. CLARK OF SACRAMENTO, WHO ACCUSES PROMI
NENT MEN OF HAVING DEFRAUDED HIM OUT OF HIS SHARE OF
VALUABLE OIL STOCK.
•TTSKOOEE. I. T.i Jan. 23.-The Creek
trouble continues the samo as yesterday.
The full-blcrxis arc still in arm«?. terroriz
ing the whites and are posting notices
threatening: lives.
Two full-bl.»od members of the Snake
party -were arrested this afternoon at
Checotah and brought to Muskogee. They
•were goin? ail through the country post-
Ins notice* The Snake party sent word
to Marshal Bennett that if the men ar
rested were not released (n twenty-four
hours they would burn Checotah. The
town reared an attne'i to-night and the
dtlzms are armed. ' '.
Alexander Evar.s and Eugene Newton
were captured to-dcy fend taKen away by
the Sr^tke band. It is feared that if relief
does not come Trom Federal troops blood
shed will soon follow.
Marshal Bennett says he will lead a
band of fifty deputies against the Snake
party if troops are not sent soon.
WASHINGTON, Jan. C3— The Commis
sioner of Indian Affairs has received a
dispatch from Indian Agent Schoenfelt of
Muskogee, I. T., advising him of the seri
ous trouble among the Creeks and urging
immediate assistance to quell the out
breaic. The agent says that the dis
appointed Creek Indians, known as tho
Snake band, have established a govern
ment and elected officers. Three light
horsemen have murdered one man.
whipped and Intimidated others and is
sued warrants for the arrest of friendly
Creek Indians who have selected allot
ments. The Indians are heavily armed
and the police force Is Insufficient to cope
¦with them. The agent says that unlesB
vigorous action is taken at once toward
compelling the Indians to disband many
innocent people will be murdered. He re
quests that a troop of cavalry be sent
f rcm Fort Reno to Henrietta. .
The telegram has been forwarded to the
Secretary of War with the request that
troops be dlsjxatched to the scene of
txrmbta.
OMAHA, Nebr.. Jan. 23.— General Fitz
hugh Lee. commanding the Department of
the Missouri-this evening sent telegrapVi
lc orders to Plrst Lieutenant Dixon, com
manding Troop A of ti»e Eighth Cavalry
at Fort Reno, O. T., lo proceed at once to
the scene of the Indian trouble at Mus
kopee, I. T. General L*e said that beyond
the press dispatches he had no informa
tion as to the extent of the Snake Indian
trouble and that troops had been ordered
to the reservation on advices from, tha
War Department.
and Ready for an Attack
by the Excited
Braves.
Marshal. Fears, Bloodshed
Will Follow and Troops
Are Ordered.
Citizens of Checotah Are Under Arms
CREEK INDIANS
GROW DESPERATE
TOPBICA. Kans., Jan. 23.— A. Capital
special from Enterprise, • Kans., says:-
Mrs. Carrie Nation, wiso gained notoriety
by debtroylng saloon fixtures -in Wichita,
began her crusade in Enterprise to-day by
demolishing one saloon and delivering a
street lecture. Sh6 arrived on the early
morningv Santa' Fe train" from Wichita and '
went at once to the home of C. Bi Holt- j
man, the well-known Populist leader. Mr. i
HofEman was away, '"out his wife was at
home and a temperance meeting was held
at the house at 2 o'clock, attended by a.
dozen or more women.
After-^crfecclng plans Mrs. : Nation se
cured a hatchet ajid started for the busi
ness parti of town, accompanied by Mr3.
Hoffman.' Mrs. L.. A. Case, a leadine \V.
C. T. u. worker, ami another woman,
who was veiled. '
Mrs. Nation went to Schilling's place,
which was locked, and attacked the glar.3
doors. She smashed the, glass out of the
frames and stepped into the deserted
saloon, leaving the others outside. Sha
smashed the big mirror, chopped gashes
In the bar and broke 'all the glasses and
bottles on the shelves. Then she went to
the refrigerator a*nd commenced taking
out cases of beer. She handled them
easily and, lifting th<*m high in the air,
dropped them on the fioor, deftly crack
ing each bottle left solid after the fall.
The floor was soon covered with 'a mix
ture of drinkables. 1 '. ¦-' But she kept up the
work until . Marshal/ VV. R. Benham en
tered and, raiting her by the sleeve, told
her she must get out.
"What are you," she. demanded, "but a
murderer and perjurer In protecting this
unholy traffic? Either let me alone or take
off your star.'*
But she followed him out and, calling
her companions, proceeded to give the
Marshal a blistering arraignment in the
presence of the crowd. She then started
for the other saloon, but It was well barri
caded and offered no "plate glass for her
to attack.
The Marshal refused to allow her to
chop down the doors and she finally went
home with her companions. She said sh*
had only begun her, work and expected
to clean out many rpore places. It is re
ported she will move ori Abilene to-mor
row and the Abilene saloon-keepers are
preparing for her coming. . <
About 8:30 o'clock, as Mrs. Nation was
lecturing on the streets, Mrs. Schilling;
the wife of the saloon-keeper, whose place
of business was demolished, approached
her. '
"I've got you now," she said, and struck
Mrs. Nation twice in the face. A slight
gash was cut over the eye and it bled pro
fusely, i Mrs. -Nation went to a neighbor
ing house and had her eye bandaged and
continued her lecture on the street. The
crowd was too noisy and she soon ad
journed to a church near by, where she
made a long: address. (
TOPBKA, Kans., Jan. 23.— Mrs. T. M.
Hutchlnson. State president of the
Woman's Christian .Temperance Union,
says that the organization is not in favor
of the tactics employed by Mrs. Nation
in her warfare against the saloons. She
says: . - _ . ' • .
"Loyalty to Mrs. Nation demands that
we procure for her a fair trial, but we do
not favor her methods. - All our interest
In her raJd Is to find out whether the
property of the saloon-keepers can be
protected under the law. It is the general
opinion that no such a thing as . justice
can be obtained in Wichita courts on the
temperance question.".
jursr and. Harangues
the Crowd.
When Stopped by Sheriff Denounces
Him as a Murder-r tfnd Per-
Completely Wrecks a Saloon
and Spills All the
Liquor.
MRS. NATION AGAIN
WIELDS HER AX
MAYOR CLARK ALLEGES
THAT HE WAS SWINDLED
Files a Sensational Suit Against Former
Partners in an Oil Deal.
5
THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, ; JANUARY 24, 1901 .
THE DAY'S' DEAD.
ADVEETISEMZNTa
WE VACATE STORE JAN. 29th.
Mexican Store,
114 Stockton St.
Fire Opals Curias
Turquoise Linen Drawn Work
Sapphires Indian Basket* ¦ *
Emera'ds Mexican Figures "*-V
Rubies Fine Carvsd Leather Goods
Jewelry Purses Cigar' Cases
Not cheap goods at a low price, but the
finest goods at a8tonlshin£ly
Last-Chance Prices.
LADIES* BELTS from 75c to $1.
Regular Price $2.
JX XX JSiKSK^Hri
Any one kriows and kaowi when cured. We
hevf crIer«<J a reward of S25 for -4 years here
In I>os Angeln to any one with Plies who could
not be cured with 1 Box of Verus Pile Cure.
•nd not one person has claimed the reward.
We now offer and ¦win pay any cue suffering;
•v-'.th Pile* $s0 who cannot be cured with Verus
Pile Cure. Our record ehowa over 10,000 cured.
Write lor Information. Perhaps we have your
reisbbor 1 " testimonial. Price $2. postpaid.
VERUS PILE CUBE CO., Room 226, Wilson Bit
Or ELLINGTON DRUG CO.. Wholesale and
Retail DniKgriets. Arts.. Fourth and
fcprir.r Sts.. Los Angeles, Qat
? MUSEUM OF AHAT0H1T#
5 C% i;ni!j'T!gT£t.ut.e^>7aL,.s.f.ca. i
V Or The Larrnt AntttmioJ AJaseun in Ibt \
0 if.iAj*.- V.'cud \Ve*i-or«i •« c* » -,» comracwd a
5> ISjC&l Speci*lteci» cfac Gout. E»t 96 ymn. «
£ tiVjWl OR. v"08D«!-PR!lATI DISEASES 4
\ BftT^^R CcjTultrtioo {ten «nd itrictlT priTiir \
/? I 1*0* k Tniiaent pfr«on.-.!ijr or by letter. A A
V g Or dl U Ii* Jut tW»u every case ssdetukea. \
A mil II & Uritrfocbwk.PHILOkUPav*!^
W* S I|T XABBIACC. HAUMO PaBX. I AT
7 OB. fOURAA'Al"*., 3051 Market St., a F. f
WL BALL'S fitlNYKlUKATOKflOm
Five hundred reward for any RjsT^fif
c&se we cannot cure. This secret fcr** 1
remedy etopa all losses In 24 hours. I pj
cum, Emission*. Impolency, Varl- Fjgg t3t£
cocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits, , fWS "HIHI
Etrictures, Lost .Manhood and all LkjMJ \t*4
trastin; effects of eelf-abuse or • WJEM_j-"\
<-xcct.se*. bent e'^aJed, J2 bottle; 3 I 7i iMIirffl
bott'es *5; guaranteed to cure any-caae. .Ad-
cress HALLS MEDICAL INSTITUTE. &Si
Broadwav Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 1073a
liwket st.\ S. F. All private diseases Quickly
cured. Send for free bock.
.' .V 'ADVEBTISEMENT8.' ' .
SISTERS OF GOOD SHEPHERD
GRIP ? COUGSiS. GOLDS. CATARRH
In every country of the civilized world J^^^^^L -^^^ -• more than a
charges committed to their care, but they ¦ --- " : jZ^/^i* " " t0 tT ? your wonder-
also minister to their bodily needs. ggg|g||5|g%|| ' ful medtcine, Peruna. I besjan
Whenever coughs or colds, la grippo or z0S&%£§§t£3 r^>.- fwlth a bottle ths first week In
pneumonia make '.heir appearance among % " :? * offl I was^o
the children these Sisters are not dlscon- ~^ ¦- \tt\\ satisfied that I purchased
certed, but know exactly the remedies to "^^^ffim — '-^*- ~ another bottle and followed
a ,,,,,..........,.....,.,.,.. . ,. .^ 7 ... ,'". , , , ,. , , , , , , . A nlsh with every bottle, and I
? ¦H"M»H"K"K"S^M"I"!"H-^ a m glad to say that It has cared me. t
$ Columbus, 0., July 10th, 1900. | %fi?8^ZmSS B $A** lVBa ' X °
f The Peruna Drug Mfg. Co., Columbus, 0. m Jane Olft> oC Hebbardsviiie. o
J G&ntlemen— "A number of years ago our attention was j- St^^ SSiTSnc wW haI°Sot
;: called to Dr. Hartman s Peruna, and [since then we have used ± S The yc d" S? ISS £
.;: it with wonderful results for grip, coughs, colds and catarrhal •; Tt7id da my h^nTf &STi
X diseases of the head and stomach. , -• wouW 8Urel y *"• lf l Md not «** relleC
m '+ ¦ ¦ - • ¦ **, •• soon*
j "For grip and winter catarrh especially if has been of :: ,. One day 1 plcked Bp new ,paper
v gnat service to the inmates of this institution.'/— Sisters of •• a «<* aceIden^ ly > *2 ur l < L£ te^V^ n^r \i
J. . . - / ¦ •• a woman who bad be«n curec or la
'•the Good Shenherd / '¦ •• *riPP« by Peruna. I told my hosband
}¦£ we UOOa Qfiepneru. ,. A. < _.v. 4. rrated to-try it. He went directly to
V .K-*H"I-I I- 1 -H-I-H-H- I-H^^^ I I I MI 1 I I I O the drug store and got a bottle of Peruna^
- ... w 1 could se« the Improvement In a very
• With ¦ so ¦ many children to take care of by each attack was confined to the bed. short time and was soon able to do my
and to protect from climate and disease In the winter of 1898 I was attacked with work. I continued using It until I was
these wise and prudent Sisters have la grippe. I had a. terrible couph. I asked entirely cured,
found .Peruna a never-falling safeguard, my wife to get me a bottle of Peruna, but
There Is no other disease so many-sided as the druggist did not have It she «;ot "i have induced a great many to try
In Its 111 effects, so Insidious In Its ap- me something else that was highly rec- the medicine and all have had the same
proach, so tenacious in its hold upon the ommended for la grippe, costing the same result. 'I have used it In my family for
system, as la grippe. Once there, it stays as Peruna. I took that, but was not able my hiisband and children for colds and la
until It is cured. X>a grippe is one of the to leave the bed. erlppe I -would not be -without it in the*
Ills that time will not cure. . "I. told my wife that if I did not get house I really think It has added years
The after-effects of la grippe do not lo- Peruna soon that I would surelv be a to my life, and I feel I have no one to
cate in any particular organ. It amounts la grippe vie- thank but God and Dr. Hartman. If other
to a ger-eral irritability of the mucous •%> ?;- tim. as my sufferers are induced to try this
membranes of the .whole body — a flabbl- ¦¦ m , , , lungs felt as lf wonderful medicine- they will join me
ness and paleness of the mucous mem- ¦ k n 1 v es were in singing Its praises." — Mrs. Jane
brane. Sometimes there Is an -'•over- sticking 1 n Gift
amount of thin, watery mucus secreted, them. -> \V
and at other time3 there is a dryness qf p£§¥ M "My w 1 f a -.j_ Tfc»cmhn* Schmltt wife of the ex-^
th* mucous surfaces. i m?M •** ««** - went to town „ Mrs - TheophlleSc nmltt. wire or ln V**
There Is no remedy in tho world that llftS} «» *«* f£> and K ot me a Secretary of the German consulate, write*
meets the conditions produced by la fagSS / fM bottle of Peru- the following letter to Dr. Iiartnian in
srrlppe better than the remedy Peruna. >iMfiS A*fii- v^?- na - and\I took regard to Peruna:
Peruna strengthens an It renovates. 'llsSkr'rS'^ /f3^& ll f°ur days ac-
*oothes while It stimulate*, heals as It fis53ul\ sft^f-i cording to tho 3417 Wabash Ave-. Chicago. HI.,
e.-tpurgates. ¦».--¦ ; gSsSS^sSfej^vTCgC directions on ¦•'','
Peruna is not a purgative, or cathartic, SragSyS, W^Sei' the bottle. The The Peruna Mfdlclne Co., Colum-
or Sedative, or stimulant, nor a vegetable fitth day I took h n .
or mineral poison. It reaches the source I ''r'iSil, v^'i^rJ SS5 an ax on my .«-»••
of all diseases of the mucous membranes VS/ fiW* shoulder an d <-i»^»i.rr..rw-"T ¦nfr^rvfl thl« wirttar with
by Its action- on the vaso-motor system \Y*W ' went out into Gentlem »^JJ 1? ,rtn^l 7nrt hsJrtna?
of nervs «f Pr.nVBan.i-' o»e woods tn * ««vere attack of la grippe, ana havinsr
°The rV fonowlng are samples of the let- u *"* """• ' 4- chop woo? 8 tO ?»^J^ gJ^f^J&tgFfc
tere received by Dr. Hartman concern- ' . . "I had an- ln 8Uch cases - I thought I wo uld try «-
tng the cures Peruna Is making. other slight attack, but as I had Peruna . ' - ------- iniVS -nS r^^n
Hon. F. Simmons. United States Mar- in the house it caused me but one trying * "~ tn &i^i. chanlS'
shal, Mobile, Alabama, speaks- in high night. My wife wanted to. send for the .-rfftsfik. ?£* thV hVttlr
praise of the doctor, but I took small doses of Penma **85StfV {2* ,ip n J i riav
4 a merits of Peru- every half hour and improved rijjht /•^SfiSsSO* ln* inthA«imm
#V*V»«^ na - He 9a >' 3: along. "-F-rank Bauer. /t^%&3@, n? d '° l^k T was
fSipSSaa- "After having Henry Distln, the Inventor and maker U «&5l£Sar» Zi r t „„.), Vm
.r 8 *^^^ used Peruna for of all the band instruments for the Henry /B sS^5^J n L Aft«
- <fiJ ¦"¦¦' "'¦•¦B^-"--- a short time I Distln Manufacturing Co.. at Wlllams- /." 1Bf WS^^M F.-tnTthw hnt
TB WBS& flnd that ll is the port. Pa.. Is probably the most active old SA ¦"I'^BBSfV til, t ««t
'MBI^SCfc W*!f most excellent man in Philadelphia to-day. He and his WJ tS tiSCft f « u n rt th* li
jy^^T-WM- remedy for the wife recently celebrated the fiftieth an- P 'We* IVln^U had dfL
, v '/ srlp and catarrh niversary of their marriage, at their home S,^*- inrw»nr»A hii-
\yJi? < «, r ever prepared. I on South Ninth street. Mr. Distin comes w—l -tfCSrfSS^. tfv » „ A • r *?
iiiJ**^ // can heartily rec- from one of the most famous musical fam- /^^kS^^| r* » i . k wm
><Ji ommend ft to illes of the old world, his father and ,sgLJjglBBEBag3lr mnrh kntt«r I
W-^kA any one." - F. grandfather before him. as well as him- Enwtl«ft>d that
XvJ^L Simmons. self, havinsr played at almost all the royal &^gg&^ Kuawn
Mr.. Frank courts of England and the continent. „ __ _^ Sw , f , flArfiii faWnv
(^fflm^P? Bauer, of Mln- Mr. Distin -w-rltes concerning Peruna, Mra. Theo. Schmltt. m derful_ raj™ 1 ?
"•T^vc** Jg^> , nelska, Mtnne- the world-famous catarrh cure, as fol- + : J endorse
Hon.F. Simmons. jfQta.Jnajecent lows: 144 l South Ninth Street. If '-Mrs. Tneophlle Schmitt
__ .,, > I -I cannot say Philadelphia, Pa.. May 6, 1S99. ¦'-¦ _' ...
¦¦„':< •*. anything else Dr. S. B. Hartman: Address the Peruna. Medjdn* Co.. ot
but good of your medicines. For seven Dear Sir— "I write to Inform you that I Columfcus, Ohio, for a book treating oa
winters I had suffered with la grippe, and had a bad attack of la grippe last Decem- catarrh.
\ J!3k giga n tic SA p ° F I
| > : ; f -p. X Dresses II
m A ° /• ' Half-price Sal« of Salny-Day *W
B \ fs^4yf Dresses, Tramping Dresses and H
I X \ Id Golfing Dresses. They're all this j|
H A \ . M season's styles and made of spe- n
H l\j H dally Imported Plaid-Back Cloths, Q
B , .'. / \\~ Eton or Blouse Effect*. «
J ill I \ H3.W styles, now.. S7.5O ul
3 III I.I J21M ityles now .„.. fllJSO Bj
1 / / M i KO.0O styles now SIO.OO H 1
a I h \ \\ . $28.00 . styles now S12JM> |l
I / I \\ TAILOR:MADE- DRESSES. If
H . / II I 1 \ U&fiO Blouse Dresses now f 12-50 ffl fi
U / II I I \ flS.80 Cheviot Dresses now S12JSO jj S
§ /[If \ \ ya N> Trtrnined Dresses now $15.00 |a
II '7v U I \ \ W VelTft Trtnnned Vt**** now..f2'J^JO 11
II mmUz=m^ AUTO BOX JACKETS. i
la , -y^^^^^^S^^S? J15.0O Plaia Back Covert aotn P?f
H Jackets now $10.00
If JSp*^ H4.B0 Kerser Jackets, silk Uned, : B
|j .^7*S ¦ ' J2O.0O Kersey Jackets, very elegant. §
I FUR CAPES. now ...fl5.0O 1
B J5.00 to.J10.00 Fur Collarettes. i nilD AMTnUDDlIC W1ATC m
I w u inch*. dl aT •pii? 3 w |5 LONb AUiyMuDlLt LUAIo. n
' B| ¦: ,- Seal I^ir *Capll. P also so'me 0^^ » 22 - B0 Auto Co ! ita ' bl » cks ' 4I «»_, „ -^ fi 3
ga Astrachan yoke, . satin lined, i tan8> now " fjis.oo BJ
IB worth $15.00. now $10.00 135.00 Lone Auto Coats, satin lined. B 3
fig THIS SEASON'S JACKETS. now .—. ......fSajJO ||
BM $10.00 ; Tan Covert Cloth • $47.60 I>ons;Ant» CoaU. very ele-_ 0 3
IB." * Jackets, now -...;.. fJM)O gant. : now 930.00 ¦ |
I 1 - $1 eS now*!; "??!.?"*;.« tjjo" Couiitry Orders' Carefnlly Filled. . 1 1
El S/filill Q* I inhflio' Cloak and Sait Ronsa, If
1 SVCliVOSl LICUOO 12OKe a rnySt. IfTHURSDAY. ..JANUARY 24, 1901
JOHN.D. SPRECKELS Proprietor.
kUntt HI Ccxcasalntlaaf t« W. 8. LEAKS, Xaugvr.
»r^y A r; i^rt » s^ office. . ..... . T* 1 ? 1 ' 1 *??* ** n f *** _.??*.
PUBLICATION OFFICE:... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
i:niTOPIAL nnoM" 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
OelfTTefl »•¦*- Currier*. IS Onf« Per Wwk.
Stnsrle Copies. 5 Cents.
Term* *»r Mall. Including Postages
OAILT CALT. <tnetad'nr Sunday), one year ft. •?
r»ATLT CALX- nneludlnjr Sunday). < months..... >.<M
DAIL.T CALL, <lncladlsg Ennday), t months 1.S9
DAILY CALL— By Eingle Month 13c
PUNDAY CALL. On« Year l.St
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear l.W
Ail poitmaiten are authorized to recetre
subscriptions.
Eampto cvptes will be forwarded when requested. ¦ -
M«n «rib«=crn* > rr !n rrd'rintr ch«nr» of ' »O(tr*t* *nould >*
t*Tticclar to rlv* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in erd»r
to jrrur» a prenspt and correct ecrnpllaae* with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE ....1118 Broadway
C. GEORGB KROGXES9.
Vae*f«T Tertian Atrtttiting. XargcetU Bnllilag. CMesgs,
<Lcrg Dirtance Tel»phon» "Central ttti."}
lfEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTOJV Herald Squire
* KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
• TEPOES B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS FTAKDB:
Waldorf -Afloria Hotel; A. Brtntano, & tTaloa Square:
Murray Kill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS*
Cbermaa Hou»; P. O. News. Co.; Great Nortbrra Hotel;
rremont Hcu»t; Audltortuni Hotel.
« r A$HIKCTO!f CD. C> OFFICE I4O« G Bt~ K. XV.
MORTO.V C CRANE. Correspondent. , .
BRANCH OFFICES— ET Moctsera^ry. cern#r or Clay. op*n
cctil t:S9 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open cntil t:SO o'clock. tS%
McAllister, open until »:30 o'clock. «15 l*rkta. cpen unMI
• :« o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. »G1 Market,
censer Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 1C9S Valencia, open
Bfctil » o'clock. lM Eleventh, cpen until I o'clock. NW. cor-
V B»r Twcnty-eecond and Kentucky, cpen until » o'clock.
travelen.
New Santa Fe Train.
..Th» new Santa F« train known aa the Call
fornJaLlm!te<J affords service -very much supe
rior to anything ever before offered to Coast
GERMAN: HOSPITAL-Enqulrer, City.
A flre which broke out In a house in the
vicinity- of. the old German Hospital on
Brannan street, between Third and
Fourth,' and destroyed that institution as
well as a number of other buildings, oc
curred on the night of the 2Sth of August,
1S76. * • .- •.—
JUNIOR ORDER— M. C. B.. City. If
the correspondent will send a self ad
dressed and stamped envelope, the in
formation asked for about ' the Junior
Ord^r will be mailed to him. ..,. -
with" the general Land Office .Washing
ton, D. C.
v ACIDS-k}/ 4C. H., City, f Acetic , and
oxalic I aclde, i in ; : a dry; state, dissolved 1 in
water w\ll, not, In jure gold, silver, 1 rolled or
plated \ ware. V. ' ., : -: ; '-.'; •."•/ .¦¦
QtJAlti IN MONTEREY— E. R.. Chualaf,
Cnl.* There is,. no^general^lawi. that < pro
hibits Uho^shippingiOfriiuair^out^of^Mon-;
terwyJCounty during the^open season. '
- TUTUILA ISLAND-^L.' C.*G.; City;, j For
inforraatlonTelatlvejtolands'on'.the island
of l TvAijllaV; Samoan"- group, V communicate
ANSWERS TO QUERIES;
Students at the' military academy of West Point
have given every possible assurance to the Congres
sional investigators that there shall be no more haz
ing in the institution. The young gentlemen have
probably reached the conclusion that they would pre
fer to finish their legitimate education at Uncle
Sam's expense.
A proposition is on foot to change the time of meet
ing for the State Legislature to later in the year. This
if the first d/cfinite indication- which we have had that
our lawmakers went t& Sacramento primarily for their:
health
; " ItiJwould be interesting -to"; know .whether it i was .'a'
. case of being ; conscience-stricken >or, a. scheme to de-.
! ceive\the> public j which induced [the ; Councilmen of; a
' Kansas, town to forsake- their i official Tduties the; other
! day; for^ a: religious 5 revival.-; . • / v v
.The soldier who was forced; to, take his. bride to the
City Prison ;for; a place to^ sleep rnaj^- be admired ;for
his ;. susceptibility,; to' the grand. passion, but hardiy for
that judgment which' protects a man from becoming
a public: charge. \. ¦ .. . "•¦' -; :
It has been decided, by the Washington authorities
to, raise .the salaries' of some of our fellow-citizens in
the Hawaiian Islands. It "is a safe wager ,- that ; th*«
native -party,^organized^ in:. the :; to oppose
American sovereignty, will; quickly, disappear. -
The Chinese«Minister to '•¦.Washington is makinga
tour of the country trying to find out- how we make
our money,. He might be of great-service to us, .to
tell, us the way how to keep! our" 'money after we
have made it — a gift which his people enjoy. \ '"¦¦
SHORT HISTORY OF THE GRIP.
A" wheeze,
• jl sneeze - ' ¦
* .• Can't smoke;' '
Doc^nik. .
—Baltimore American.'
Since; those" days the whirligig" of time has. been
getting in its little revenges. A storni r of indignation
has risen, in New York City against the corruptions
of Tammany government, and Croker ; has ; taken
refuge from its fury in England. ':¦¦[ Hill, has been
prompt to take advantage .of the situation: He " has
left the seclusion r _of. Wolfert's , Roost and become a
member of the Manhattan Club, aii organization of
WHEN the Democrats of the nation gathered at
Kansas City to carry out the Bryan pro-:
gramme there occurred one" incident of. inter
est. The long struggle between Hill and Croker for
supremacy in New York came to a crisis and Croker
ostentatiously triumphed over his rival by refusing
to permit him to serve as the representative of New
York on the platform committee,- notwithstanding
that Hill went: so_ far. as. to personally solicit the'posi
tion. The day after Crokcr's triumph Hiir was' re
ceived by the convention with acclamations which
showed that his personal popularity among the Demo
crats of the country at large had been increased rather
tlfan .* weakened by Croker's action.': The Tammany
boss noted the storm of applause. and- prepared' for
revenge. When the time cariie he virtually elimin
ated .Hill from the New York campaign; and when
Bryan went to New York City • he found \ Croker; so
supreme that in a moment of exultation he shouted,
"Great is Tammany, and Croker is~its prophet." '
WORKING A EOOM FORvHILL.
Fraricisco^-T. Bare, at the Herald Square;
M. Block." at the Savoy; H: S. Plcard. at
the Bay, State; F. C WV Clarke; at the Her
ald Sauare. From > Los Anceles~W. ; T.'
Curfer, at the Albert:. 1* Bradford, at tho
Herald;; Square:'"!* T. Bradford,' at ; the
:Astor.V- "'7.. r /-\ '¦'.'. -V' -:' :*¦..:'->¦ : . •• :•'-
.NEW YORK,; Jan.v23.-The following
Callfornlang are In, New York: From San
CAXIFORNIANS IK YORK.
_It is hardly necessaiy -to say the women were
pleased. A carriage t ide is not to , be had every day
by every woman, in Kansas. They thought the custpm
was a necessary part of voting and were very glad that
suffrage had. come to them. When the' next election;
came along they dressed themselves for a drive: and
waited ''for the carriage to , come. , It came. Sines
then at each succeeding election the Kansas candidate
has known .'that • he'* must* provide > carriages for- the
dames or be snowed under, j ; carriages 'cost
something. The Kansas politicians began bleeding
at every pore. They came; to the conclusion that
something must be done. ; Hence^ the bill to put -an
end ' to womanhood suffrage. It is a measure^ in : the
interests of economy, .retrenchment and reform.
TZZJ ROM Kansas comes the report that a bill has
I been introduced into the Legislature designed
"' to deprive the women of the commonwealth of
the right of suffrage. The experience of the State
with '.woman's fashion of voting has not been long,
but it is said to have been amply sufficient to satisfy
the men:: The voters have rid the State of Populism,
and now they, wish to get back to straight, old
fashioned politics, where the privilege of
votes and whooping it up for candidates belongs ex
clusively to men.
Several grievances are urged against the Kansas
woman as a voter, but the one which appears most
serious is that. of. the cost which ,her planner of doing
politics imposes upon candidates. It appears that the
first campaign in which women took part was one of
unusual excitement even for Kansas. ; There was, a
big demand for votes in every district. Consequently
the party managers on both sides determined to
make a bid for, the votes of. the women by treating
them with distinguished gallantry. In almost every
closely, contested precinct carriages were sent to the
residences. of the women so that they. could ride. to
the polls. and do. the^grand. ' J
KANS03/ BLEEDING fJGfllN.
* Mrs. H. E. Huntlngton and two daugh
tes, Misses Elizabeth and. 'Marlon,, and
Miss Ethel Malone start thia evening for
the East and next week they .will sail for
Europe.' All the foreign countries will be
visited ', by them; . • Mr.v Hunting-ton will
meet them in New York, to which city he
was summoned by telegraph Tuesday. ]
The Duke and Duchess of , Manchester
win arrive in this city next Monday^ They
are traveling:ln a' private ear and left El
Paso over the- Southern Pacific line yes
terday. The Duke will make a short stop
at Los : Angeles. "
Frank Powers, wife aitfC^hild of Har
shaw, Ariz., are at the Grand. Mr. Powers
has extensive mining interests in Arizona.
George F. Ditzler,' manager of one of .the
largest 'fruit ranches in the world,'' -.'lo- (
cajed at Biggs, is registered at the Grand."
Colonel A. K, McClure of the Philadel
phia Time's is expected in' the city to-day.
He will stop at the Palace.
?Tnomas J. Kirk,' State' Superintendent
of Schools," arrived in town yesterday- and
is at the Palace." ."¦¦>* -'¦ . ' ' * •
Marion Biggs Jr., capitalist and land
owner '.of Oroville, is at. the Grand. .'. *
GeorgeT A. Smith, a Portland rancher, Is
among jjesterday.'s arrivals at the Grand.
S. A.' - Ransom of the United States
Marine Hospital Corps is'at- the Occi
dental.'- " •
PERSONAL MENTIOR
' L. T. Hatneld, a Sacramento attorney, Is
at the Lick. .
Dr. George J. Fanning of Oregon is "at
the Grand. H ' -
J. ; E.~ Koeberle, a Ixm Angeles, oil man,
is stopping at;the Grand. •
The first census, in 1790, located the center of popu
lation about thirty miles east of Baltimore. In 1800
it was eighteen miles west of Baltimore. By 1810
ir had moved thirty-six miles farther westward, with
a slight deflection south, and was forty miles north
west of Washington City. In 1820 the center was
fifty miles farther west, with .a still stronger deflection
southward, and was sixteen miles north of Wood
stock, Va. In 1830 the center had moved thirty-niue
miles southwest arid was at MoorefTeld, Ya., now West
Virginia. In 1840 immigration to the Mississippi
Valley pulled the point fifty miles farther west and
reduced the southern curve; 1850 found it fifty miles
advanced westerly, with the southern curve .restored,
and located it at Parkersburg, Va., now also in West.
Virginia. In i860 the center had crossed Mason and
Dixon's line, and, advancing westward eighty-one
miles, was within twenty miles of Chillicothe, Ohio.
In 1870 the advance had been forty-two miles, with
a strong deflectidn northwesterly, to a point forty
; eight miles northeast of Cincinnati. In 1880 it. had
I advanced west fifty-eight miles, with a slight south
ern deflection, and in 1890 it was'still in Ohio ; with
a turn north again, and had advanced forty-eight
miles. » ¦-.
The center has moved westwardly since 1790 a dis
tance of 505 miles, with slight deflections north and
south.
" Columbifs, Ind., near the present center, is a large
and important manufacturing city, surrounded by; a
rich farming country and near enough the natural
gas belt to use gas for manufacturing fuel. There is ;
located the largest tannery in the world, which draws
on California for its t>upply of oak tan bark.
BY the superior organization of the Census
Bureau the population statistics are available
for analysis much earlier than heretofore. Bj
the census 'of 1890 the center of population was a
little west of Columbus, Ohio. By the census of 1900
this center has moved westward and is near the town
of Columbus, in Bartholomew County, Indiana.
The coincidence in the name of the two centers is
rot without interest. The name of the Genoese dis
coverer of this new world is perpetuated by towns
in Missouri and Iowa, and it will hot be strange if the
moving center of population in its march westward
is found ten years hence to be near one of them.
Th|E CENTER OF POPULATION
Some of the newer land States are acting more
wisely, admonished by the sore experience of their
ciders. Colorado" has a large area of land granted in
lieu of the school sections included in Indian and
reservations, and is leasing it for grazing pur
poses. The leasehold control increases its value by
preserving its moisture, and if the sources of water
trpply are not destroyed by grazing sheep in the
forest reservations tlvs land will by and by produce
more for the support of the schools than all the rest
of school sections which have been sold.
It can now only be regretted that the expansion and
the needs of the institution were not foreseen and
its infancy supported by the leasing of its lands. »
If the eighty-two sections of land had been leased
and held in university ownership, to be sold when
their value reached its most favorable point, the an
nual income from that source alone would now" be
$524,800. The proceeds of the land scrip and the
State fund, added to this, would have made the insti
tution independent of taxation.
The Political Code recites that the endowment of
the university is the proceeds of the sale of seventy
two sections of land granted to the State for a semin
ary of learning; the proceeds of ten sections of land
granted the State for public buildings', the income
derived from the 'investment of the proceeds of the
s-ale of the lands, or the scrip therefor, or any part
thereof, granted to this State for the benefit of agri
culture and the mechanic arts; the income of the
fi'nd set apart by an "act for the endowment of the
University of California."
It appears from the university report that the in
come from all these sources is only $135,000, while
the needs of the institution require now at least $510,
000 annually. It will be seen that the endowment
intended' to suffice for^ its permanent support falls
short $375,000 per annum, and that sum must be sup
plied by some form of taxation.
In every case, however, the school sections have
been sold at only a slight advance on the Government
price, and the fund produced has proved so inadequate
that burdensome taxation is resorted to for the sup
port of the schools. Had the public land States re
sorted to leasing the school sections the revenue
would have supported the schools in their develop
mental period, and when the lands were made valuable
by the presence of a dense population their sale woull
have produced sufficient capital to maintain the
schools without taxat^pn. 'By the unwise policy cf
immediate sale this increment of value has been the
profit of individuals, and the schools would all close
if they were to depend upon the income of an endow
ment which was intended to suffice for their entire an 1
I ermanent support. The matter is of present interest
ii; view of the plight 01 our State University. It had
a public land endowment of eighty-two sections.
This latter provision is credited to Mr. Jefferson,
and it was obviously intended that the school lands
should be so managed as to support common school
education without resorting to taxation.
THE proposition of the cattle men to lease such
parts of the public domain as are more valuable
for grazing than any other purpose brings up
the question of the waste of the landed endowment
of schools and universities in the public land States.
The landed endowment of education began in the or
dinance of 1787, by which Virginia ceded her North
west Territory to the Union on condition that slave
holding should not be permitted thereon, and that
land should be set aside for the permanent suppor:
of free, common school education.
LEASING PUBLIC LfJNDS.
* * •
The spirit of secession is abroad. A bill
' ¦San- Berilto County Is not going to be
left when the new apportionment Is made.
She • is going to have an' Assemblyman.
Assemblyman Higby and Senator Flint of
that county are . on the apportionment
committees, and they will ¦ see to'tt that
San Benlto County la without additional
territory In her Assembly district.— The
Pajaronlan.
There seems to be* considerable trouble
brewing that will greatly occupy the time
of our present session and already an ex
tra session has been talked of. The Cut
ter bill, to redlstrict our Congressional
districts,, is going to meet with consider
able opposition, and Senator Cutter will
find it hard work to please the many
aspirants for Congressional honors' that
want a sure-thing election. Then there
comes the Paris Commission scandal and
investigation, which, with such men as
the Hon. W. H. Mills and Hon. W. W.
Foote taking a hand in it, is sure to. make
matters very Interesting for some one.—
Maxysville Democrat.
Think of a sergeant at arms having four
or five assistants, a bookkeeper and an
assistant bookkeeper! That officer could
keep his own books and needs no book
keeper; but, If he have one, what folly
to give him 'an assistant! The real name
for this "patronage" is public plunder.—
Humboldt Standard.
The mass of bills that has been offered
in the California Legislature already may
result in an extra sesslon^It Is astonish
ing to see at each session of our .Legis
lature how many new laws we are in need
of, and still more astonishing how we
ever got along without them.— Willows
Journal:* •.
The lower house of the California Legis
lature is distinguishing itself by putting
on lot of, attaches. The proper
way^to pay campaign debts Is to put your
hands in your pockets and shell out the
coin,- and not draw on the public treasury.
— Halfmoon - Bay Coast Advocate.
Speaker C. W. Pendleton may hare
acted wisely in the formation of commit
tees, but to a layman It don't seem so. It
looks very much a8 if his appointments
were made so as to punish those who
favored another for Speaker. Assembly
man Melick is serving his third term. He
favored Anderson for Speaker and was
not given the chairmanship of one com
mittee was placed on but one first
class committee. Other Anderson men of
experience fared likewise. Is this good
politics? Having so easily won. Speaker
Pendleton could have well afforded, from
a selfish or partisan standpoint, to have
formed committees without reference to
the . support of himself. His course. If
practised in the future, wjll force men of
independence" andyself-respect to get out
of -the party; or in some .way retaliate to
the Injury of party disciplines placing- suc
cess in Jeopardy.— Pomona Times.
• • •
has been Introduced Into the Legislature
proposing to divide Santa Clara County,
and forming a new county with Gllroy as
the county seat, and another bill is beinjc
prepared, for introduction which will form
a new-connty out of the south part or
Santa Cru2 County and the north part of
Monterey 1 County, with Watsonville for
its capftaL-vLof-jGatos will be wanting to
secede next with headquartors in the Gem
City. Whynot? We've got the best kind
of material for county officers to be found
anywhere.' and that's about what the
whole thing amounts to. anyway. The
way things are run now there are not of
fices enough to go 'round.— Lios Gatos
Mail. ;
STATE PRESS COMMENT
ON LEGISLATIVE DOINGS
THE CARTOONIST ONJHB ST. PAUL. PIONEER PRESS MUST HAVE
BEEN (JUNNING FOR THE REAL. 'THING WHEN HE GOT THIS ZE
, ROICAL SPECIMEN.
It is to be borne in mind tjiat at this juncture we
can never advertise California too much nor too often.
Our State, is still undeveloped. We need a large**
population and a greater variety ,of industries.
Furthermore we need more commerce. Out of th*
two expositions of the year we may gain something
of all those things, and it is worth while" to make a
united effort to do so.
The exposition at Charleston, which is to follow
that at Buffalo, is of not so great importance to us,
but still it will be worth our while to take part in it.
The object of that enterprise is to promote trade with
the West Indies, a matter with which we have com
paratively little concern. The South;. however, is a
rapidly advancing section of the Union. The people
there are increasing in wealth and ought to become
targe consumers of California fruits and wines. . More
over it is a section which just at^this time is doing
its uttermost to attract settlers from the North. Ar
rangements have been made to grant special induce
ments .to people from the Northern States to .visit
Charleston during the exposition and see the South.
Should California have there a notably strong dis
play- of her products and' her resources, we migh:
be able to direct to this State a considerable number
of the Northern visitors who otherwise would decide
upon making homes in the South without giving a
thought to California.
It is well known that we do. not obtain anything
like as large a proportion of the commerce of South
America 'as we should. It was one? of the aims of
the far-reaching statesmanship of'Janies G. Blaine to
establish reciprocal trade between : ourselves and the
continent to the south" of us, and in that way not only
provide a material benefit for all, concerned but bring
about closer political affiliation, so that our influence
might be helpful in improving South American con
ditions and thus" preparing the way for enlarged in
dustries'and an enlarged market among the South
American peoples for our. products. The vicissitudes
of politics prevented him from carrying out his great
plans during his life; but inthis respect his work lives
after him, and the Buffalo Exposition is going to Be
aii important" step toward accomplishing what he
desired. , »/"
It is now certain the Buffalo enterprise is to ; be an
exposition of the industries of all the Americas — South
ern and Central, as well as Northern. It is to afford
the peoples*of the three grand divisions of this hemi
sphere an opportunity for studying the needs of one
another and the extent to which those needs can he
supplied by an interchange of products.
BUFFALO flND CHARLESTON..
•. . ¦ . . ' ¦¦'.;¦¦ - •
WHILE the work of preparing a display of the
industries and Uie resources of California at the
Pan- American" Exposition at Buffalo is in good
hands, the efforts of those in charge^ should tfe cor
dially promoted and assisted. . The interests of the
whole StJte, are to be advanced by a proper demon
stration-of their value in competition witiuBther
American States, and consequently all citizens should,
in proportion to their ability; contribute toward the
success of what is being' done. to make that demon
stration.
Our whole Indian policy is a tangle and labyrinth
of wrong and injustice, and it is too much to expert
that it will ever be made straight; but the country
should pause before it proceeds to the slaughter of
the five civilized tribes for the offense of insisting
upon the rights they retained A by treaty.
- As this- country has paid Indians for their lands,
the sums paid have been carried in the Federal treas :
ury as trust funds. These trust funds now amount to
$33*315,955 09. Once at least these funds were raided
and robbed by public officers, and we are not "aware
that the Government as trustee ever made the loss
good. '
The Indian Commissioner reports that Indian
ownership of these funds is harmful to the tribe j
and proposes that they be gradually exhausted by
devoting them to the education of the Indians! This,
we believe, would be a distinct violation of the treaty
rights of the Igdians. They sold their lands for that
money, and'it is theirs. To dispose of itjvithout con
sulting their wishes, under pretense of giving to then;
an education which is of no value to them/ is to vio
late their rights.
It would seem that the laws and courts of this coun
try should afford ample support to the treaty rights
of these Indians, and that it should not be necessary
to add another chapter to the history of our century
of dishonor in dealing with the red men. '
Behind it all is a political movement in the interest
ct the Territory of Oklahoma. That Territory is quite
arid, and its resources are believed to be incapable of
supporting a State government -The Oklahoma plan
is to eject the Indians from the Indian Territory, by
nagging them into armed resistance, and then seize
their territory, annex it ,to Oklahoma and admit the
whole as a State. The Indians, who are educated and
intelligent, are perfectly, aware of this conspiracy
against their rights and seem about to make the mis
take of armed resistance, which is just what their ene
mies desire them to. do.
THE Indians of Indian Territory, are showing
uneasiness, and, under Chief "Mekko, are taking
an attitude hostile to the whites. The five civil
ized tribes in the Territory, the Creeks, Cherokee*.
Choctaws, Chickasaws and Seminoles, have for some
time complained, and with a color of justification,
that the Government does not observe its treaties
with them. They have made overtures for an. arrange
ment with Mexico whereby they might acquire lands
in that republic and settle, to live, as they say, "under
a Government that keeys its word.".
These tribes formerly derived large revenues from
leasing their lands for tattle grazing. This has iieen
prohibited by the Government and the prohibition is
regarded as a violation of their rights. The Territory
is a fertile section, well covered with forest, and was
given the five tribes in lieuof their lands east of the
Mississippi River. At the time this exchange of lands,
was made it was intended that the Indians should be
ai. independent in the occupation and control of their
land as were .the"\vhite3 on the lands they exchanged.
Not only was this the intention, but it is .claimed as
an express part of the treaty. But the Indian Com
missioner at Washington assumes the right to dis
approve of the grazing leases and to deprive the In
dians of the resulting revenue.
THE RED TROUBLE.
BROTHER TO THE "OLD BOY."
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Hazing and Tabasco. . '
"Our hazing." says a West Point cadet,
"is specifically for the purpose of making
a fourth class man realize the necessity
of prompt obedience." And the tabasco
sauce Is to prevent any ifs. buts or other
articulate waste of time.— &U Louis Globe-
Democrat.
Imported Baw Material.
The import of $273,000,000 worth of raw
material to be manufactured during last
year Is a significant' iiem. It shows even
more clearly than the total exports how
the United States is occupying the por
tion formerly held by Great Britain ami
Germany. It is one thing to manufacturo
and export our own products: it Is^qm^
another thing to Import raw materials
and export the finished products. In th-s
latter operation there \% a rtr.al demon
stration of superior ability on the part
of the manufacturers. Unquestionably
cheap fuel is a large .'actor la American
supremacy. But the man Behind the ma
chine is the most important factor in the
whole equation.— Pittsburs Dispatch.
An Insult. to New England.
From Plymouth Rock to Agawam, from
Cos Cob to th* headwaters of the Arqos
took. will arise, dire denunciation of New
York. A degenerate hotel-keeper in thi^
decadent town has insulted the spirit of
all New England. On his bill ef fare he
has made^the honored, the delectable, the
scrumptious custard pie of that great re
gion to masquerade under the frippery ,
title of. "cream frawns." Cream (rawns,
indeed! We may revise the creed of Ed
wards, reform the suffrage or amend the
constitution, but to attempt to remake or
to rename custard pie Is ;<*orse than a
degradation— It Is a vulgarity. Out won
cream frawns from this day forfn.—
Brooklyn Eagle.
Denuding th« Forests.
The great forests of the VnlttA States
are being: rapidly denuoed of the flMit
trees by the demands of commerce. in«
extent of the lumbering interests of the
country and the rats at which the for
ests are being cut down are set^forth la
a monograph just issued by the Treasury
Department entiled "The Lumber Trade of
the United States." The PfO mI^ n , c^^;
the lumbering Industry in the Southern
States is surprising, that part of trw
country supplying nearly three-fourths c
our exr»ort trade. /
* More lumber is now being shipped from
the country as a whole than at any pre
vious time in its history.— Anaconda
Standard.
Cigarette Habit Declining.
Trade reports indicate a decline In. the
cigarette habit. In four years the an
nual output in the United States is said
to have fallen off nearly one-fourth. It
is probable that other elements enter into
this decreased manufacture besides a di
minished consumption. For example, many
confirmed smokers roll their own cigar
ettes. Nevertheless the general state
ment accords with observation. The cig
arette is not so conspicuous an offense as
it was a few years ago. This is a healthy
sign. Certain diseases pass over the com
munity from time to time, certain vices,
habits, fashions, or whatever they may
be called, th«t do a great deal of moral
*ind physical harm. The epidemic will
rage for a few years and then abate, j The
vice is not eradicated but it ceases to. be
threatening. Cigarette smoking, as it pre
vailed in the later years of the past cen
tury, was a sign of' degeneration. Our
youth are getting away from the condi
tions and tendencies It symbolized and
are starting the new century with a more
wholesome and vigorous view of life. —
Philadelphia Times.
Items of Our Growth.
The century's growth is already-some
thing of a chestnut, but possibly a few
figures which we are assured by a popular
magazine don't He may still astonish us.
"They refer mostly to the growth of the
United States, and are largely matters of
comparison. • The center of population
was at Baltimore a century ago; now In
diana has it. Two hundred ana fifty thou
sand dollars was the maximum of private
fortunes In 1S0O; now a fifth at a billion
sounds well to talk about. Affrtculturo -
has Increased from a net value of flOo..
000,000 to $3,000,000,000. Farms alone are
worth nearly S15.OCO.000.000. "Wealth in
general has increased fifty fold. The popu
lation of the United States has increased J
fourteen fold, while the earth as a whole
has only doubled Its population. We hav*
now 2 OOO.OfiO square miles of 3ettled land*
against 3C5.T08 in ISoO. We have forty
different kinds of manufacture turning out
every year over J30O.O0O.0OO worth of values
and our metals and minerals yield ua 1700.
000.000 more. Foreign commerce brines
about $2,000,000,000 arrd our banks are capi
talized to about $8,000,000,000. These are
all round numbers, but. they have prob
ably gone beyond this limit since the?e
statistics were compiled. — Minneapolis
Times.
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palace Hotel.*
Wllgiis oil burners. Office and salesroom
5HA Mission street. Telephone John 2406.*
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Kastera friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building.*
Special information supplied dally to
business house!" and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Aliens). 510 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
what arc known as "the swallow-tail Democrats" ? ol
the metropolis. His iieuteriants ale actively urging on,
the -campaign against -Tammany,' land it is* quite pbs
sibie an effort'wili b>e: made by th^ Manhattan men to
capture the Democratic" machine f>f the city and thus
deprive Tammany of most of its '¦'fewer. : .
While all that " is going on in *K T ew York there is
a significant movement toward, llill goingon in the
South. Texas has invited \ him : to visit that ; State,
and the .Atlanta Constitution, which has hitherto
been a strong Bryan organ, takes, the invitation as a«
text upon which to 'preach the "doctrine that if Hill
had been nominated in'1892' he would hav« carried
the country, would have been re-elected in 1896 ami
would have placed the, Democratic party permanently
in power. .
It is a. far cry from now to ths next Presidential
election, but Hill is evidently getting ready for the.
nomination. ' x
THE SAN FRANCISC^^
6
• . •
A-CUSEMENTS.
Tlvoll — '"The Fencing- Maeter."
Central Theater— "Derkert Russia."
Grand Opera-houpe — "The Moth and the IT lame.**
Alhambra.— "The Star Boarder."
Olrmpla, corner Mason and Eddy street*— S pecialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
ereninc
Fi befcer 1 a— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Teraple — Lecture by Rer. Peter C. Yorke,
Thursday evening. February 7.
Tanforan Park— Races to-day.
SS«©©0© Oe©©©9®G0OOO®9 CC09Qa©
©©oe«fj»»%o© 9©©«©aao?)ftaft*aa0et»ua ©r,©«r»e«af»«
•••©••••••••••••0©0©©d©f©9©«©©©OG©«0«90©«fieO
I) SUNDAYS CALL]]
•©©••••••••©••••••••••©••©••••©©©•••••©•••oS
©•©0 ' ©QO»
liil CAREER OF "BONNY RILEY" 1111
HI (COUNTESS D'HENRIOT). ' §§g
06(1 ©©•
: 'H LOVE" MILITANT. IffiW. J.
¦ ••:. . ' '. .¦'. . ¦, ¦' O©
- •€> : . -..--.: . . ¦ ¦ •
• • PROFESSOR LE BRUN OF ANTVKP COMES TO •
2: :>' CAUFORN1 A TO DISCOVER THE SECRET OF. LIFE % -
* \ '-¦''¦' ' 2sm "¦" - - - ¦ . , - . ¦ . ... ; . ¦ . _ f - - -
- ' * . '- . ¦»¦¦ — ¦ ¦ i ¦!¦ ..i — • j * xf
I THE ECCENTRICITIES OF GENIUS. S
< , • ' By MAJOR J. B POND. •
¦¦'©•' ' ¦' '¦ ¦ ¦ * 0
g » MR. BOWSER'S TRIEULATIONS "and J
-5. % r TH 2 WIDOW MAGOOGIN TALKS." ©
. . - : CP \ ' :¦ . ' • ¦ .. '. . ' ' " .- . ¦ ' ' ' ™
I SOME GHOSTS I HAVE SEEN. I
• * By HUQH GRANT. f
. B . i .-¦¦¦...• w
© -• r ~ ' * '© """
22 PECKS i.BAD -BOY. AND '..THE GROCERYMAN . S3
©3 PAY A VISIT TO CHINATOWN. ••
©3 ¦•'. • 25_
••• HOW T 0 MAKE A $20 CORSET FOR $2.50. %••
©so - ._ . ». • - ¦ '¦ ¦ / •«©
SSSS AND MANY STORIES CF GREAT HUMAN INTEREST. SSSS
9»»© «•••
¦•©•©.---.---'-•¦¦--¦¦—-.-¦—- ¦¦¦ - - ¦¦-¦•¦ •©•• -
:«•©••©••••••••••••••••••••••©••©••••••••••••
•^y- - : -j ' • ' • ';;;~ '*;•- -• -• - ' ~- ""''"," v f
I j THE SUNDAY^ALL LEADS THEM ALL I 2
»ftgo©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©^©©©©©©©©©©©»####5CENTURY CLUB LADIES
GIVE A COLONIAL TEA
. The iadies ; of the ; Century , Club - gave \ a
Colonial tea* yesterday, " afternoon ;'. and
evening that^wa*, without i exception,' the
most artistlc^entertalnment ever_. presided
•ver, by club women. ' »';.¦. ~\'
.j.Thet affalr.vwas, "colonial" In every, re
spect. ; ; The i ladles [ lookedithelr * prettiest
in i the ' f and f utS fcarb of '. .mo re '; than one
, hundred yep ; ™Mg«K the programme was
one that rnijpK h*V* been presented -In
revolu tlonaef, /. tl jtoes,* -^nd '['-¦, Century : Hall
was decorafedr, i, iVftJijlto"., entirely worthy
of the ladlesiand\their4programme/Price
less reUrtjof jCp] tinlaij times .were!skillful
ly arranged > ;s^ t »±'thfcireception hall and
drawing-roomivPf^ittje^fclubhouse. ¦..'-. There
were ; cases^ flUj^^v^li ;• old sliver, c laces,
jewels," [fans Van t n ; He ..* articles- of ,
apparel wlthtwjtejh; the'i belles and i beaux •
of Colonial ' days #ere. wont -to make them
selves* irresistible.^' Placesi of • honor ' were
given' to >a 'beautiful* Awhile; satin flagjem
.brolderedt with » the emblematic '; bird '; arid
, thirteen | stars on a desk , at , which | George
Washington ? had S sat > and : , written. ; "iThe
flag is the property ; of . Mrs. ; Phllo Jewett
and has • a ~ wonderful " history," the i moat
marked ( feature « of ..which ¦ Is 1 the \ fact vthat
it vwas carried by^ the lady's I ancestors I at ¦
the. battle ; of "Ticonderoga. The .desk 13
the^property < of William H. > Wheeler; It
originally *; belonged " to *: General 5 Warren;
and ; Lafayette,^ as : well ¦ as , the - "Father of
his Country,"^ had Uhe use of ; If - -
>~- On " a . platform * fitted' up ; to represent- a
... "'¦;"""'* ' ' '¦'¦- i "\ •''•','"¦¦'."¦-
Colonial ' kitchen the splendid ¦ programme
was presented. ; Miss . Florence Doane,
pretty as a picture In a pink flowered Co
lonial i dre; s, sang with delightful . effect
"A . North ¦ Country - Lass." , She gave as
an encore '.'Polly Willis*" a quaint melody
composed by Dr. Arne in 1740. „ • •
Herbert ¦ Williams followed* with' an old
Irish melodyy;,"By Bendermere's Stream."
, For encore b.6 ' gave - the ¦ old ¦ Scotch « "My
Love Is Dike the Red. "Red Rose." . . :.:,
f Miss AHceJBoggs recited with splendid
effect ¦¦;¦ ''Count de Rochanxbeau and tha
• Rose. Vv-^r*s 5^- «•••••¦¦ ••¦.:. ,,.-¦
V, MIbs /.Ardelltt : Mills ' brought the - pro
gramme to a close. Her first ballad, an old
English one/. #< Allan ..Water,", was so splen
didly , given '<¦¦ that an encore - was - insisted
' upon.' -• Miss * Mills' - second number ¦ was a
song of : the year 1650, "Once » I Loved a
> Maiden Fair." .-;•; '• {;¦-*,
/At ter :. the ' entertainment refreshments
were ; served. Cider ¦ was offered > from a
brown ; jug > and > pretty blue and" white
dishes '.: with > tempting . doughnuts :¦¦ were
passed ' around. v ;. ¦ ;„¦ ; tsSSfedBHBtKSSHi
-.', ¦¦ In -*' the "evening ' the ;• same - programme
which , delighted - the < guests : of the after
noon e was j repeated , and * many; gentlemen
joined.the ladles to 'enjoy the club's hos
pitality. ¦> ¦¦» . '¦ '•-. - ;¦¦ :.
'; : : Calif braia Limited.
r No " extra charge ] i« " made 1 foVj ridln* ' on thV
California Limbed \ of the . Santa.] Fe, although
thej superiority , of ~ t the " lervic* Is ; really worth
something? more. r. ; ; >' ;•:¦«-. •
Nichols, appoint a number of committees
to take charge of the work to be arranged
for the General Convention of Episcopali
ans throughout the country to take place
In this. city during. the present year. The
Bishop 'stated that he .would not be able
to make his appointments for some time.
Henry E. Highton delivered an address
urging the clergy and laity to support the
Pacific Churchman, the offlcia. paper of
the Episcopal church In California.
Bishop Moreland " of :. Sacramento also
delivered a short address. telHnsr of his
experiences among tne Indians in Trhw
ity County. He painted a gloomy picture
of the moral and, spiritual conditions of
the Indians, and dwelt upon, the need of
a minister residing among them.
Bishop Moreland paid a tribute to the
work of Bishop Nichols and the ofnclali
of the church and dwelt upon the benefits
which will accrue from the General Con
vention to be held in this; -city. He urged
all present to stir up enthusiasm in their
parishes so that- tne next convention
would be a grand success and reflect
glory- on. God. '-
Bishop Nichols then read his annual ac
count of. his official acts during the past
year. He reviewed tha work done in the
church and predicted a remarkable era
for the Pacific Coast and the church
workers In its boundaries.- He looked for
ward to the meeting of the General Con
vention with great pleasure. -The spirit
of liberty,- loyalty and -fidelity would bo
shown In that. convention. lie urged the
clergy to rise above, partisan feeling and
work for. the good - of ¦ the entire church:
A narrow spirit should be avoided and
those outsiders'- who would act. as busy
bodies In the affairs of the church should
not -be encouraged.' - - " r -;-•
The afternoon session was mainly taken
up with the election of officers and was
not- concluded at the evening hour- of ad
journment. Those elected yesterday wero
as follows:, . - _• .
fetandln? committee— Rev. R. C. Foute, Rev.
E. J. Hon.* Rev. W. at Reilly. Rev. R,
Ritchie, W. Babcock, A. 1 N. Drown, C. D.
Havenand Major W. B. Hooper.
Board of missions— Rev. T. J. I-aeey, Rev. C
E. Swan, Rev. -I*. C. • Panf ord. Dr. . H. C. Davis.
Colonel J. V. D. Mlddleton, "W. Mlnteer and
G. A. Butlfr; registrar, R«v. Dr. • McClure.
Rev. B. M. .Weeden, who had the same num
ber of votes as Rev. Mr. Sanford, . retired in the
tatter's favor. : . ¦ ~ • ¦ .. « - -. . -
¦ Board of i directors of diocesan ..corporation —
A. N. Drown, Rev. J. A. Emery, Rev. D. O.
Kelly. A. H. Phelps, W. A. M. Van Bokkelen,
J. A. .Wright. ¦'¦-:' '
Delegates to " missionary - council — Rev. . J. A.
Emery. Colonel J. V. E>. Mlddleton. .
/ Deputies to g-eneral convention— Rev. \ F. . \V.
Clampett,- Rev. " R. C Foute,' A. N. Drown,
Vincent Xeale, WV A. 'M. Van Bokkelen and
Major W. ; Bw - Hooper. ¦ •
.The election v will be continued this
morning at 10 and the convention will con
clude its duties. tonSay. .-; :
' A ? reception*' was 'tendered last evening
at the Occidental- Hotel to 'Bishop and
Mrs.xNIchols by the^clergy and laity of
the Episcopal diocese . of -, California. Tha
parlors' of the hotel • were decorated -elab
orately with flags and flowers and a large
number of guests weie 'present.- An or
chestra ' was c- in ¦ attendance ,- and the
yoUnger guests Indulged in dancing.
MEMBERS OF THE CLERGY AND LAY DELEGATES OF THE EPISCO
PAL CHURCH OF THE DIOCESE OF CALIFORNIA WHO TOOK PART
IX CONVENTION PROCEEDINGS YESTERDAY.
~. a - :CLEROTMAN dramatically tVlW
y\ " Ing of his poverty and a layman
J=*=\ advising the clerygmen how to
A iX carry out part of their duties were
the Important and rather startling
features of yesterday's work of the con
vention of the Episcopal Diocese of Cali
fornia at Grace Church.
The wearer of the minister's garb who
told of his humble surroundings was Rev.
Herbert P,arrish of the Church of the Ad
vent and the layman who undertook to
advise the clergymen -how to perform part
of their duties was Major W. B. Hooper
of the Occidental Hotel, who Is a lay dele
gate to the convention.
Both the confession of poverty and the
advice to the clergy were called 'forth
by the discussion which followed the re
port of the Diocesan Board of Missions
and the appeal for $S00O to carry on the
work of the board. The v report was pre
sented at the morning session of*ihe con
vention, and while certain parishes re
ceived praise for the past year's records,
all were called upon to contribute an
equal share to the money needed for mis
sion work for the coming year.
Rev. Herbert Parrish caused a sensa
tion by declaring that it would be impos
sible for his parish to furnish its quota
of the money needed.
"It is hard enough for me to keep my
church open," he said, "and as for bear
ing- our quota of the sum needed by the
mission board, it will be impossible. ¦- %
live in a cellar beneath my church and I
do not know but any day I may have to
go forth to beg my daily bread."
These startling words, spoken in the
magnificent edltice of Grace -Church, in
the presence of men representing some of
the richest congregations in the State,
created a sensation. Sympathy for -the
young clergyman v.-as freely ex
pressed on all sides, the Rev. Air. Wilson,
secretary °' tn e convention, leaving his
seat at the chancel rail and putting his
arms affectionately around the heck of
the Rev. Mr. Parrish. Bishop Nichols
thanked the Rev. Mr. Parrish for his re
marks and paid that there was no need to
rattle the bones of a skeleton.
Major Hooper, In discussing the repTort
of the board of missions, eaid that he had
a tender spot in his heart for the work of
the board. Continuing, Major Hooper
said:
"The results achieved by the board are
creditable to all concerned. We all re
member the opposition to the creation of
the office of archdeacon and the incum
bent. The Master has surely aided in the
good work, but. la that work to stop?
You clergymen must educate the people
in this regard. Your tactics must ' be
changed. Don't depend too much on
preaching to raise funds. The mental
diet requires change. None of us can
carry our means away with us. High and
low, rich and poor are laid low by. the
Master. If you clergymen will approach
the laity in the right way you will have
no difficulty in raising the required funds
for mission work. I am not delivering a
! sermon. I am only giving you a layman's
advice." * . . "
• Rev. E: I>- PAiTons of San Mateo *poke
of the jealousies existing, among the
clergy as being detrimental to mission
work. The clergyman, . he said, thinks
more of the name of his church than he
does of the eouls around him awaiting
salvation. The board of missions is ham-,
pered by narrow-mindedness and limited
In Its scope by the boundary of the par
ish. Every clergyman, he added, must
work not for his parish alone but for the
entire church, and all petty jealousy must
cease.
Rev. : Burr M. Wecden of San Jose
quoted figures to show that the rich par
ishes of the diocese were not bearing their
share of the expense of the board of mis
sions. Nearly *^>X> had been paid in taxes
on church property in the diocese and
$5617 contributed to the board of missions.
Thirteen parishes had paid of this amount
$2900 in taxes and had only contributed
$2151 to the mission, board. The board
asked for $8000 and he hoped that ten rec
tors would pledge themselves to bear a
full share of the assessment. He would
pledge himself that his parish would -pay
Us full- quota of the, money required by
the board of missions.
Rev. F. W/ Clampfctt followed In the
same strain as the previous speaker and
said ' that wealthy parishes ¦" should pay
more than their quota of the money re
quired. The poor parishes could not be
expected to carry on their mission work
without the aid of tha. wealthy parishes.*
He pledged his church to subscribe' )1000
toward: the $8000 and if one parV»hcould
do this the others In the diocese shoul-1
be able to raise more than the required
sum.
An enthusiastic scene followed the
pledges made by Rev. Mr. Weeden and
Rev.: Mr. Clampett. From all parts of the
church clergymen arose and , pledged
themselves to raise .- the - money required.
The clergymen and^parlshes which prom
ised to raise the $$000 were J. T. Bryan of
Oakland; Stockton parish; Trinity Church,
Oakland; St. Matthew's Church. San Ma
teo: Grace Church, San Francisco: -St.
Stephen's Church. San Francisco; Trinity
Church, Menlo Park."-
The business transacted yesterday i wa»
as' follows: Presentation and reception of
certificates of lay delegates: report of the
registrar., of. the diocese: report of » tha
committee on incorporated parishes and
organized missions; report of the commit
tee on Christian education. with a recom
mendation that' it be spread as much as
possible in schools and colleges; report of
the committee on church charities; report
of the . committee on the ' Btate of the
church. .
A. N. Drown : was reappolnted as chan
cellor of -the diocese -and ¦¦ St. ¦ John's
Church,; San Francisco, was selected as
the place for holding the next convention.
The salary of- the archdeacon was raised
from $1500 to $1800 per year. The deans «.f
the various congregations reported on the
conditions of: their- districts, the dean of
San Joaquin stating -that the dissolution
of .his district must occur through want
of funds, unless" it was merged into lhr»
district of San, Francisco. A resolution
was passed that the chairman. BIshon
... . :./ •¦-¦• ¦.-'- . ¦;¦:•
Rev. Dr. Parrish Startles Episcobal Con-
K , vention by Pleading Poverty of Church
When Is Made * Money
follower. All his life henceforth is bound
up in his lord's: he follows him from place
to place, accepts disgrace for him with
cheerful resignation, tends him in ' his
madness, restores him to his daughter and
in the last dread scene, when the stand
ersby vainly endeavor to recall Lear from
the grave to which he is drifting with
Cordelia In his arms, it 13 Kent who
speaks the solemn valediction:
Vex not his ghest! I let him, pass! he hates
him
That would upon the rack of this tough world
stretch him out longer.
- After 'Lear's death his true servant's life
has no further purpose; he has reached
the very sea-mark of his utmost sail.
What are the well-meant offers of re
stored rank and power in the state to
him! He wave3 them back with the quie:
answer that ther* is no time for these
things:
I cave a Journey, »!r, shortly to go;
' My .master calls me.
Kent is one of Shakespeare's noblest
men, the true picture of the hero as serv
ant.
One more name may fittingly close this
catalogue of Shakespeare's heroes, that
of a character in many ways the most
wonderful of them alL For In Prospero
Shakespeare has not only given us a pic
ture cf tha hero as philosopher and poet,
he has thereby unconsciously given us a
portrait of himself as he was at the close
of hU life. "Conscious superiority un
tinged-by arrogance, genial acorn for th-a
mean and bade, mercifulness into whlc'i
contempt entered very largely, serenity
excluding passionate affection while ad
mitting tenderness, intellect overtopping
morality. -but in no way blighting or per
verting it— such," says Dr. Garnett, "are
the mental features of him in whose de
velopment the man of the world kept pace
with the poet, and who now shone as
the consummate perfection of both." And
these features as the dullest eye can see
are the Iineament3 of the baclshed prince,
the tender father and the great magician
whom we call Prospero. It Is not certain
that "Tfce Temnest" is the last in date
of Shakespeare's plays, but certainly it is
In spirit the most fitting conclusion to his
work, the best representative of that Ia3t
period which Dowden has so aptly bap
tized "On the Heights." From what a
mountain top of calm and lofty wisdom,
at last attained after hard toll, bitter sor
row and painful experience or the base
ness of mankind does Prospero look down
upon the world. He Is lord of the ele
ments; Ariel, the delicate spirit, and Cali
ban, the fiend-born monster, are alike bis
servants. Hia arts have made him mas
ter of men's fates: in his hand are tha
lives of the enemies who have wronged,
betrayed and robbed him. But tha only
use he makes of his power is to open their
eyes to their faults and move their heart*
to repentance. Forgiveness, reconcilia
tion, atonement, these are the words that
breathe through the harmonies of Shake
speare's latest work like the solemn mu
sle that stole alons: the airs of the en
chanted island. Over the wretchedness of
the men of sin, over the youthful inno
cence of Ferdinand and Miranda the gTeat
figure of Prospero towers like some kindly
anclent god. Yet he Is not unhuman. He.
knows the littleness of man and foresees
the comlnff end. When his work of re
conciliation 13 performed he breaks his
magic staff and drown* his book. All ni*
arts laid aside, he mingles once more with
the world of men, to rule his dukedom
wlselier than before, to see his daughter s
children springing up about his knee* ana
to brood, not in bitterness nor melancholy,
but with the grave wonder of true philos
ophers upon approaching death. *or
Prospero knows that
"-he cloud-capped towers, the gor%*yaa palaces.
The solemn temples, the great globe us*lf.
Yta, alt which It Inherit, shall dissolve.
And like the unsubstantial pageant faded
Wave net a rack" behind. We are surh iituff
A* dreams are made of, and our litfi* M:e
I» rounded with a sleep.
There isjnothing real In this world, such,
seem to be Shakespeare's last words to
us, but love and forgiveness and a calm
expectance of the end.
It is a very Ions way from Theseus un
coupling bis hounds in the fairy-haunted
groves near Athens, or Falconbridge scat
tering his rough jests and plying his
ready hand, to this ripened and serene
philosopher. It indicates perhaps the dis
tance that Shakespeare had traveled from
his early admiration of the- men of action
to his final recognition of the worlds
worth. Yet bis ideals are by no mean*
Incongruous; there are certain cardinal
virtues common to almost all his heroea.
Perhaps the most striking of these Is that
Quality which gave to the poet bis nick
name of "gentle Will." Gentleness. In its
varied forma, of courtesy toward Infe
riors and equals, and of reverence toward
superiors. Is a virtue that Shakespeare
is never tired of extolling. He devotes a
whole drama to proving that the lack of
this virtue may ruin an otherwise noble
aoul. Closely akin to this quality is a
tenderness of heart, quick to respond to
an appeal for pity. Shakespeare himself
had so deep a sense of the sadness of hu
man life that he could not even Imagine
a hero devoid of this tender grace. These
qualities are - re-«nf orced and strength
ened in Shakespeare's heroes by the ac
tive virtues of resolution and
decision in thought and act. Shakespeare
saw nothing noble la the mere man of
eentiment, however acute or refined. H»
preferred Falconbridge to Jacques. Ac
tion rather than feeling Is after all the
aim of life, and the great poet, with all
his sensitiveness and depth of emotion,
was enough of a practical man to realize
the qualities that make action possible.
The very foundation of these 13 self-con
trol — a man must master himself before
he can act on others, and in Hamlet's
praise of Horatio.
! A man that Fortune's. buffets and rewards
Hath ta'cn with equal thunlrt.
We bear the poet himself speaking his
mind on the one thing needful. Witn the
Blngle exception of Othello, all Shakes
peare's heroes are the masters of their
fate, the captains of their souls, and the
lack of self-control on Othello's part. or.
rather the loss of It under the Infernal
machinations of the deml-devil. Iago. Is.
as has been shown, responsible for the
most piteous tragedy in all Shakespeare'*
plays. Yet this self-control never passes
Into selfishness. That Is a quality re
served for the most villainous of Bhake*
peare's characters— Richard. Iago and
lachim~. It is well worth remark that
every hero In Shakespeare who Is domi
nated by one great aim in life sets as
his goal an object outside himself— Henry
V. his country's glory: Brutus, the salva
tion of the republic: Kent, the preserva
tion of his King. Finally, since of all
vices Shakespeare hated deceit most bit
terly, his t heroes are all true. Shakes
peare had little sympathy with tha
Ulysses character, the man full of wiles,
ready at need. Simplicity, sincerity, gen
uineness of thought and speech, fidelity to
a person or loyalty to as Ideal, mark all
the characters that Shakespeare deems
heroic
It is time to bring this study to a close.
A volume might easily b« written on the
types of heroic character in Shakespeare's
plays and their significance as a revela
tion of the poet's mind. An almost equal
ly fertile field would be Shakespeare's
omissions— the .fanatic, tha martyr, tha
popular leader, the conqueror, the seeker
after truth. These omissions In their turn
testify to Shakespeare's limitations— *
subject left practically untouched by his
hosts of. commentators. But even In this
brief study enough has been said to show
what manner of men our greatest poet
admired, and as a consequence what man
ner of man he himself In reality was. \
T. M. PARROTT.
Princeton Universitr.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
A Shakespeare Evening for the Consid
eration of the Character
of Brutus.
Copyright, 1901, by Seymour Eaton.
XXV. .
(Concluded.)
Benedick, It may be said, was not put to
( the final test of heroism. But the next In
the number of Shakespeare's _ heroes Is
tried In the fiercest ; fire and proves pure
gold. It has become the fashion with
commentators nowadays to call Shakes
peare's Brutus an unpractical idealist, to
describe . him ¦ as the man of books 'forced
by necessity into the world of action and
failing In that world; the twin-brother of
Hamlet. But this is by no means Shakes
peare's conception . of his character.
Brutus has, indeed, certain traits in com
mon with Hamlet; but he^ has one great
and distinguishing: difference, the capacity
for" reasoned and deliberate, action. He
falls, it Is true, in the task he~has under-.
taken/; 1 the restoration of republican
Rome?* Hamlet, it Is equally true, succeeds
In his. the avenging of his father's death!
But if we- look to the inner man, what -a
difference between Hamlet, ruined by the
conflicting elements of his -own nature,
and Brutus, glorified even in the hour of
his death by his unwavering .devotion to
the ideals typified In his life. The play
of "Julius Caesar" opens the great cycle
of Shakespeare's tragedies, and. in " this
period Shakespeare deals not so much
with the question of worldly success or
failure as with the inner struggle of the
soul toward victory' or defeat. And
Brutus alone of all the 'great characters
of these tragedies, Halmet, Macbeth,
Othello and the rest, comes off supreme
victor. In every point wherein his char
: acter is tested Brutus rises exalted from
the trial. He is the darling of the great
usurper— for In the study of the play we
must regard Caesar as Shakespeare and
his age regarded him— and a splendid
career was opened to him under Caesar's
protection. But it has no temptation for
him:
Brutus had rather be a villager
Than to repute himself a son of Roma
Under these hard conditions, as this time
Is like to lay upon us.
He loves Caesar, but his personal af
fection cannot for a moment stand In the
way of the common weaL The question
that agitates his mind, dispels his slum
bers, and disturbs the serenity of j h!3
temper. Is whether Caesar's death la nec
essary to the state. And when this Is
once decided, he proceeds calmly* and
steadily to action with a loftiness of tem
per that turns a murder to a sacrifice.
Brutus Is blamed for hl3 refusal to kill
Antony along with Caesar, and it is easy
to blame him after the event. But the
grounds on which Cassius urged the death
of Antony, his love for Caesar and his
power to harm the conspirators, were
from the standpoint of unselfish morality
whence Brutus viewed them weak and
even blameworthy. It Is true that he
underestimated the capacity of Antony:
men of the Brutus type are apt to despise
the gay. pleasure-loving man of genius.
But even had Brutus foreseen the dan
ger. It Is. hardly likely that he would have
acted otherwise. He loved honor more
than he feared death, and his honor was
concerned in making the slaying of Caesar
a solemn sacrifice to the republic and not
the signal for a general massacre. It
was against the- spirit of Caesar that he
fought, and had It been possible to crush
this spirit without shedding any blood, he
would have rejoiced.
Again after the death of Caesar, when
the civil wars break out and Brutus flnd3
himself at the head of an army, he is ex
posed to what is perhaps the strongest
temptation that can 'assail a man of
action, the seeming necessity of yielding
to the consequences of his own acts, and
of grasping at any means that will lead
him to his goal. It. is this necessity that
drives Macbeth step by step through a
sea of blcod. But Brutus still remains
master of himself— he will not stoop to
wring their hard-earned coins from
wretched peasantry or sell his office** for
gold. He punishes injustice and bribery*
even in his own ranks, and almost breaks
with his one ally because the latter is Ies3
scrupulous of ways and means than he.
Unpractical the. critics call this, too, but
even in -this life Brutus has his reward.
It is no little thing that a Roman of the
period of the civil wars should be abie to
say as his day is closing:
' Mr heart doth Joy, that yet In all my life
j I found no man but he was true to me.
It Is the common failing of such men as
Brutus, of the puritan as of the stoic, to
-be cold, reserved and self-aufflclent.
"faultily faultless." But Shakespeare -was
too warm-blooded himself to draw any
.such Icy figure of perfection. Brutus 13
human to the red ripe" of the heart, cour
teous, tender, loving. His kindliness ex
tends even to his ! slaves, over whom he
watches like a father. At the very height
of his quarrel with Cassius an appeal to
his old affection stops him in his Just re
proaches. And his relation with his wife
is the most beautiful to be found even in
Shakespjeare. Well may Anthony say of
this noblest Roman: •
His life was gentle: and the elements
Bo mixed in htm that nature might stand up
And say to all the world ."This was a man."
And after Brutus there is but one heroic
figure among all the - protagonists of
Shakespeare's great tragedies, but he is
the "noblest man of man's making," the
splendid soldier and pessimistic lover,
Othello. IJke the other great characters
of this tragic period, his soul is caught In
the storm of fin and driven to hopeless
ruin, i But unlike the others his eyes are
opened at the last,* he sees his fault and
the agony of his repentance forces from
him the most brokenhearted cry that ever
passed the lips of man. If one could
write an " epilogue to Othello after '^the
manner of the last act of Faust, what
other place in It could be assigned - this
"noble sinner than one among those to
whom much was forgiven because ' they
loved much? -One sees him drawn upward
to the heights by the hand of Desdemoca,
better loved and less than ever
Gretchen was by Faust. •
The chief feature in the character of
Othello Is his elemental simplicity. He is
so direct, so straightforward and sincere
himself that he cannot even imagine de
ceit or dishonor in his surroundings.. Bar
barian as he is by birth, he Is at heart a
very perfect, gentle knight— brave, cour
teous,-loving, gifted with a simple but
overmastering eloquence, and cherishing
a ' spotless Ideal of honor. He Is not as
is too often supposed of a Jealous nature.
There is always something base and de
grading in this passion, and one hai bat
to compare Otbello with Shakespeare's
true ¦ portrait of the -jealous king in "the
"Winter's Tale"; to gee how far the Moor
is ; exalted above .its meanness. . Even in
his darkest hour.lt Is not so" much jeal
ousy that feeds upon his heart and drives
him to madness and murder, as the sense
of. injured honor. .. The conflict that rages
in his soul : i Is \between passionate ', yet
reverent devotion; and a sense of utter
shame brought upon him by the ruin of
his . spotless ideals , of wedded love and
womanly, purity. In the bitterness of the
strife his self-command so hardly won
and so 'long maintained breaks down, and
the fierce barbaric temper that has once
or ; twice already shown Its . head breaks
loose, and . like the ; simoon of . his native
desert sweeps him on to the catastrophe
And over that catastrophe what other
words can be uttered than the hero's own"
"Oh.'.the pity of it," the pity, of it!"
One ; minor figure there < is in • the trage
dies : whose • nobleness • and constancy de
mand, his Inclusion in the roll of Shake
speare's heroes, the faithful Kent of King
tear. 1 : "Even Ruskln in his sentence of ex
clusion against Shakespeare's men admits
that -Kent is -"entirely ' noble . at heart "
though : he : adds a ; condemnatory j clause
that> -'he Is too rough ¦ and unpolished to
be of use -at the. critical time and sinks
into the office of a servant Tmly."- Wheth
er .in * the? extreme of folly; that drives
Lear on to part -bis 'kingdom, among his
daughters <• a smoother-spoken ; councilor
than Kent would have prevailed with hinv
we may * well . doubt.' Certain It is that
his blunt frankness and fearless good
counsel to the overbearing and self-willed
king do him all honor. Since free speech
is forbids at court he accepts the sentence
of banishment gladly: but when evil days
draw nigh and the ; summer friends begin
to; fall away from the i old king Kent re
turns in dissruise to be bU . one * faithful
SAYS HE SLEEPS IN PP CELLAR
AND MAY HAVE TO BEG HIS WEAD
THE SA2* £KAJSCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JA^U ARX J 24, 1901.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
THIS WEEK OXLT.
Tne New Tork and Ltmdon Success
SWEET LAVENDER
P>IETTT GOWN'S— NEW SCENERX
SEATS— ISc. Kc. SSc, 50C
MATIXEES SATURDAT AND SUXDAT.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
2STE2CT "WT3BK-
| "ALL THE COMFORTS OF HOME,"
: f^lfl! IB^lllSBA SH FEIMISCO'S
ivWIaU BVB O S S\ LEADING THEATRE
COOD-BY NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
"WAY
LAST "" *
! £%?ii DOWN .
EAST."
The Most Charming Story of Rural New
Hampshire Life Ever Presented.
NEXT MONDAY-'
I LOUIS WMES«i KATHRYN KIDDER
' IX "A MIDSUMMER NIGHTS DREAM."
GREAT COMEDY AND MUSICAL HIT. |
I E\"ENIXGB at 8. MATINEE SATURDAT at Z.
By the Authors of "Robin Hood." ¦
POPULAR PP.ICEP 23 and M centa
Telephone — Bash 9.
CHUTESjvn* ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT !
....THE AMATEURS....
IN—
SPECIALTIES
AND
THE LADY BARBERS.
Telephone for Seats Park a. - <
DAI ADC These hotels pos-
i ALAUL sess the attributes
¦ """ that -tourists and
9j](] travelers appreciate
—central location,
RRANII Iibcral mana ?«-
UllnllU ment, ' modern ap-
llftTr! O pointments a n '«i j
flU I LLvi P e r fe c t cuisine.
, J American and Ea-
) San rrailCISCO. ropean plans. ¦
ta.' A r L '^w' j3 ** JKi fj^ t3 C^fc Ik
Wssw3!^sCj^s^sssM^>^s^sHs^s^Sj5t^ssVg^ECFSB^J£SllS'^^ss^g«P'^'j^Ml *
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proren ter^tory. ca line oi railroad, for
sale. Enlendid chance tor those about to"
fcrm an oil 'company. NEWTON, CAR-
MEN 4 SOMES (S. C MASON., a«/nt).
101 Chronicle tide-. San Francisco. '
TONG f*O CHV. {
t**Snccessor to Dr. LAI PO TAL
graduate of Canton Medical
College, after a very success-
ful practice of many years in
China, has •¦ located In - San
Francisco. The surprising and
marvelous cures effected by
his herbs, demonstrate their
pctenee and his cktlL Thess
herbs cure <over 400 different
diseases. Including Bright'*'
Disease. Diabetes. Consump.
K . tlon. Asthma. Paralysis. Brain,
e> .»?* ne * rj « Twacrs. Blood. Male and Fe-
giale Maladies. All persons afflicted with any
k.nd of mtWr whatsoever are Invited to call.
. ',. 1 '' 7 w ««Wn*toa St.- Offlc. hours— % %..
re. to Urn., 1 to I p. m.: Sundays. 10 a. m. ta
U m. Accept rrateful thanks for effecting a
cure of asthma ot several years' standing . .7
" A. DARLKT. Sao RafaeL . -.
OR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTUREv
S«t^?t.2^S of . GONOIUIHOKA;\: GLEETS.
BTRICTLRES and anal «ou« complaints of ths
Orpar.fi of Generation. " ¦ . • * ¦ ¦¦ ¦ - •: -
* Prlca tl a bottle. Formal* by dr=«lsts-
Pears'
WJJiat a luxury Pears'
It is the cheapest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
All torts of people cie It, til aorta of •tara
•ell it, especially druggists.
AUTJSEHZNTS.
A KEW BILL AtiD THE BEST EVER.
MGXTMARTnCIS TRIO. HACKER AND
LESTER. WARREN A.VD BLAXCHARD.
SWinETTTK AND CLARK. SCKt'MANK
LADIEf Ol'AP.TET. ErUEXEOT.OURKE
AND COMPANT. U1LLT LIXK, THE
AMERICAN BIOCRAPH AND
SAM LOCKHART'S
BABY ElEPIPTS
n#?»rvf<? »eets. S5c: - ba'cor.y, 10c; opera
rfa:rs and b :x s«at*. SOc.. , '
Matir.ee* Wednesday, Saturday aad Sanday.
EXGAGEMEXT OF
MRS. FISKE
In the Play la Four Acts
BECKY SHARP.
CVoaaSed on Thackerajr's "Vanity Fair.")
OXLT MATINEE SATCRDAT.
/ PRICES—?:. Jl 50, JI, 75c. 60c ¦ *
Curtain at S Sharp.
Carriage* at 11 p. m.
P<-afs tcr th<? Second W«k of "BECKT
rilARf * Rcatfr Thursday MomJcr.
GF?jaLNw CPERA HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUXDAT.
LAST FOUR XIGHTS.
HERBERT KELCET and EFFIE SHAN-
NONS GREAT SUCCESS.
THE PTEAHD TEE FLAME
PRICES— :0c. 15c. t5c. 50c.
A *ew frost row* ia orchestra TSc. Gocd re-
serveil seat In orchestra at all matinees 35c
Brcr.ch Ticket Offlc- — Emporium.
MONDAT-CHARLEP ERIN VERNER, the
•.;-• :.-.¦¦•. Irish CoraetJian cf the Day,
in •ARKAH XA-POGUE."
A!f. E:'!r.phtTU*e. Prep, and - Manager.
PHONE BOCTH 770
THI? EVENING AT ?::5-MATINEE SAT..
Tbe Brig-h: Musira.1 Farc*-Ccmcdy Success,
\ T*xE STAR BOARDER
Hy a ecrr.ra-T cf clever comedians and a bevy
of pretty cirls. N<?w masic New
Sjocialtle?.
EVENING «5c, SSc, Sftc and 75c
MATINEE 13c. Z*c 35c and 50c
Next Funday Aftenuwn.
-'THE BIO FUN SHOW."
F-v^r. Ha^ry Dare With Those Vunny Frflows.
MURRAY AND MACK
Ar1 Thtto Bli Cotr.^any.of 87 People. Jn
'SHOOT/KC THE CHUTES."
BELASCO *"*THJU£Sjry~%Er
URX!£ Cilt tSMA
Phone South iS3.
NOW THOHOUOHLYJIEATED WITH STEAM
TO-XI3HT. ET«-ry Evenice Thi* Week.
MATINHE BATXTKDAT AND SL'NDAT.
One c{ tbe Greatest Flays E*ver Written.
TfcrdlfiaT Eifaatioss: Bright Comedy; Gorg-eous
<^otttizn^€ : a. Great Scenic Production.
PDfPCC Evrnir.rs 10c. ISc. 25c. SSc, SOc
iKlWCJ Uatlnees 10c, 15c, 25c
Next W«*k-"A CELEBRATED CASE."
First Ar:*aras:ce in Tears of the Popular
Jrifh Coir.«-dian. JAMES M. WARD.
C%t Vrt/7i°l H *DOY ST..
l^JL. t l¥i a a As cok.masoh
THE OXLT FREE VAUDEVILLE HOUSE
1 IN THE CITT.
aUERITA~VINCENT,
A favorite whose popularity never fades.
mabelTTudson,
A eirl who sines aong(< a« they shotiM be sung
TH5 MORRIS'
Famca« rejfWsentatlcn cf a;'adla.tort as th*y
should be.
ANBTTB GEORGE,
On* of th# rlrls that makes vaudeville popular
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPASr
MATIN'EE EA'ERT SUNDAY.
AMATEUR XIGHT EVERT FRIOAT.
ADMISSION FltEE.
THE 3AK FHANQ1SC0 JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK— THIRD MEETING.
&Ionday, Jannary 2L to Saturday, February
t. Indasive.
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAT.
Six Stake Events, Three Hcrdle Races aad
£lz Steepiefbasea. ,
FIRST RACE OF THE DAT AT *:10 P. M.
Trains leave 7TUrd aad Tcwnsend streets for
Tar.roran Park at 7, l '.«:«>. JI:M a, m.. 1. 1:30
and 2 p. in. Trains leave Tanforaa Park for
Kan FrarT- 4 — at 4:15 p.' zn., followed after tha
last rac« at Intervals cf a few miiutec by *ev-
«rai special*. Seats In rear cars reserved for
\: '. ¦ r 5 and their escorts. Adminion to course.
Including railroad fare, J1.2S.
MILTON B. LATHAM. Secretary.
POWER. Racing Secretary^ v
FlSCHFR'S CONCERT HOUSE,
xxountno - Admt««lon IOc.
. HarJca and Singer. Ida* HoweU. Waterman
Piatere. tittle Alma Wnthrtch,' Hal CorUett,
Ahern and Patrick and Hinrlrtu* Orchestra. ,
BMerred c-»t« z>c Matinee fioaday.
____^_^ADVEBTISEMElfTS.
Possesses a delicate flavor /n J c £\ I
/ DE ST \i
and aroma not found in" / lu
any other Cefcal Coffee. | CEREAL!
Figprune is a smooth, ' VCOFFEE J\
palatable, nutritious bever- • I !
age. A most wholesome . i I
J and agreeable substitute for coffee and tea. J
; ir ™ 1^^^^ Free samples can be.ob- [
ff C /$u j tained of any grocer in the J
£ -^— , .^ \ city. Ask for one. |
\ Fruit | \ I
1 J& jf O/ a from 5 to JO minutes only. *
\ A'O/o / ALL GROCERS SELL 1
Figprune Cereal. |
ADVEBTISESCBNTS.-
THE CHANGE OF LIFE
Ms the most important period in a wo
; man's existence. Owing- to modern
methods of living, not one woman in
i a thousand approaches" this perfect'y
} natural change without experiencing
a train of very annoying, and some-
times painful symptoms.
Those dreadful hot flashes, sending
I the blood surging to the heart until it
seems ready to burst, and the faint
j feeling that follows, sometimes with
chills, as if tha heart were going
stop for good, are symptoms of a dan-^
gerous, nervous trouble. Those hot
flashes are just so many calls from
nature for help. The neries are cyy-
Hrs. jEeaa Nobls.
; ing out for assistance. The cry should
, be heeded in time. Lydia E.- Pink-.
ham's .Vegetable Compound was ¦ pre-
1 pared to . meet the ¦ peeds of ' woman's
system at this trying period of her life.'*
• _ It, builds up the weakened •• nervouB
system, 1 and enables a woman to pass
" v that grand change triumphantly. :
' ' "I was a very sick woman , : caused
by Change of Life. I suffered with hot'
; flushes; * and ' fainting ; spells. 7;;* I f was
afraid to go on the ; stiwet,^ n»yV. head :
X and back troubled me T so.iv:I was" en ; 1
.tirelyf cured , by LydiatE-V Pinkham's
Vegetable ¦Compound.!'-^ Mrs.^ Jxinns '
Noble, 5010 Keysrr St., German town,
Pin IWUlHllllililliiil ••"-. ¦ ' -' -EASTERN MARKETS.
• At the : annual ' meeting . of the ' Fireman's
Fund Inslirance Company on Tuesday the as
eets were, given' at Jl.013.676. the largest total
ever reported.: In 1S90 these assets were given
at $2,431,718. ¦ The reinsurance reserve la figured
at $1,413,288. and the , net surplus at $1,341,888.
The company paid four quarterly dividends of
3 per cent each during the past year, or $120.
000. A similar dividend of 8 per cent for the
last quarter of 1900 ls now payable. The old
board ''as re-elected as follows: - William ¦ J.
Dutton, -Thomas 6. Chard, J." C Colezn an, F.
W. -lougee, John T. Wright. Charles R. Bishop.
John H. 3 Gardiner, W. H. Brown, A.
Smith. John • Bermlngham. .- Bernard ¦ Faymon
vllle. The old'offlcei— i were re-elected as fol-
Iowbi'W. J. Dutton, president; "Louis Weln
mann, ¦ecretaryr and Stephen D. Ives, . general
agent.': -.¦-.¦"> '•:"-' -' : ' - ; "" - ' : ; ¦- .
¦ The San ¦¦ Francisco Gaslight Company paid
a' dividend , of 36c per . share ; on tbe »ilst, ¦ the
same being : derived . from a sale f of* property
held by ' that " old corporation prior : to the or-'
ganlzaticm of the San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric-Company. , " .'¦'•'¦''¦ ' "r. . ' ;|" ' ¦'«:'-. ,•:-.'
STOCK AOT) BC»_n); E__C_L__iO_L
wia3NESDAY." Jan, 28—3 p. m.
UNITED .STATES , BONDS.
r * • Bid.'Ask.j ¦ Bld-Ask.
4s quar coup..U34U4% 4s do cp (n«w)U7m38>4
4s do reg..: — H3V&114V4 l 3sidocoup...'..ii0KlllU
, ; o MISCELLANEOUS .BONDS.
Bay. Co PCo 5s.lO5 .— Oak , Water. E».ioi*i'— -
Cal-st-Cab 6s.ll« . — ¦ Oceanic SS 6s/— " 1OS«.
C C Water 5s.lO6^i — Om C Ry Cs. :;128 • —
Ed LA P 6s..l81 135 .- Pao Gimp 4s.l00' _'
F & Cl Ry,6s.U4H — VIP & Cl Ry 8s.l05 — .
Gearj'-st R 5s: — .-; — -.; P &.O R R 6s. — —
HC&S S^s.'— ¦" — Powell-st R 6s,120U — :
Do 5s.'...V....104\4106ti Sac E GAR 5s. — • 99U
L'A'R Ss.-.T./.lltti— ; S F & SJV 6a.l20:V— -
L A L Co •a;.'..—;-— - 3 R of Cal 6s. 110 — '
"'Do gntd «s.. — 104; S P R of A 68.110% — -
-¦¦ Do ;5i ;..".;..*.": — "¦•—,•.. S P c 6a (1950, •
LAPjR R 58.101^4 — t Series 'A)..... 109H —
Markt Cab . 6s. 128 — ; Do (Series B)110>4 — «
»- Do '1st' MEs. 121^4 — ' ¦••¦Do'(1908).-.V..llJ'5fc —**i
N'C-NG R 7s. — - 11»H Do (1912).:.;. 121V— -
N-R-ofCW 6s.lU:113 ¦ S^PRIst g 6s.lO7VlO8Vi
Do 6s I....:. ..120— ;- S P B R C 8s.l3I>4 — \
N P. C R R to.iom — r 8 ViWater 6s.ll4»4115
.jDo'6i.:;:;;..*.iw -¦ ios% v Do *» .-..:. V?>.iO4- — -
N Cal'Ry Bs.:.110'/4 —^'.f-Do 3d mtg*..102\v— ,
O G L 4 H 5s.U0»i — Stktn Gas 6e..lC3 —
Oak ,Tran -6s. . .114_ll«i
-Business on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange . was considerably larger, . though
there was no pronounced change In quotations.
¦ In the afternoon Spring Valley ' Water aold
up to |91 62V4- " ¦¦*. ; V '.¦,-,
On the Oil . Exchange : the leading stocks were
Monarch | of | Arizona at 7S2Slc. . an advance,
and ? Petroleum Center at 26@28c. Both were
heavily dealt In and there was a fair business
in the other stocks. ; .' . '
In the afternoon San Joaquln declined to
$11,75, other changes being slight. - • £-.¦
STOCK WARKET.
> New York Metal Market.
*¦ ';¦'.'.•'¦ • ;'. '. •-.¦ .*-/; : " ¦ • - 17 ;•¦ . ¦;¦-'¦ :••"-'¦
NEW . YORK, } Jan. 23.— The r absence i of ca
blea from i abroad , to-day , Increased ¦ the apathy
already * noted ;. In 5 the : metal % market f at c New
.York.-.* Tin ruled 'very. -quiet,", closing? nom
inally at $27.- : Copper -dull, and 'nominal; at. $17
for "lake,' and: $16 37V& for.'cAertng.C Lead and
epelter , unchanged at " $4 37% \ and |4 10 ' respec-
LONDON. Jan. 23.— The offerings at ' tbe
wool, auction sales ¦ .to-day "'; numbered 13,343
bales. The selection was , good. ','¦- Bidding .was
slow at the start,'.. but ' as ! the ' sales ! progressed
competition • became brisk,' v especially \ for . the
best .' grades . of greasy £ ; and ¦-< good . scoured:
Prices, however,- did* not ¦ equal * former •- rates
and many • lots . were 1 withdrawn. - • Crossbreds
were Inactive and steady." •• ¦
The sales of the: week In: Boston amounted
to 1,170.000 pounds domestic and 113,000 foreign,
making a total of 1.2S3.000, against* a* total. of
1.715,000 for the previous week! »nd a?total.'of
S.1M.O0O for i the corresponding \ w«k . last, year.
The sales since Januarys; amouiAto 6,159,000
pounds, against 18,155,600. lastjyear.^;.^*;^; •
— London- Wool Market. :t .: ¦ ;;
' Prices are not at all weak and .whatever, the
apathy of the market may be, however ; small
the quantity / of ' salea, : the • fact remains that
the dealers and farmers alike are not letting
up one; bit in their- opinion on -. the •, value ' of
their commodity. . That ls .'on« reason 'why
sales are so light. : because • th« i dealers > will
not ¦ make :; concessions. *A ¦. '; '¦}, >, . : . , ¦ ; t, *
It Is a pretty, monotonous ; state -of . affairs
which one finds In th* 'Boston wool market at
present. Two weeks ago the American ¦ Wool
Company" opened " Its jlnes of overcoatings "and
took good orders. , The other houses followed
with - their overcoating -, lines.' ; But •. the wool
dealers are as yet Enable to »e« any ; great
amount of new* business 'on this account." Now
they are waiting for the Improvement .of the
other heavy-weight lines the first part of Feb
ruary. A. week ago'the- London ' sales opened
at an advance. This, too, has nbt caused any
great amount of business to be transacted.. A
little better tone, perhaps, but trade waits, this
time to see how. prices hold up in' London.'-.,; ;;
BOSTON. Jan.- 21.— The American -Wool aod
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow: " ,¦*
NEW YORK. Jan. 23.— Special cable ;- and
telegraphic communications "'.to'-' Bradstreet's
show the following changes in available sup-
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
Rockies, decrease,- ".1, 820. 000 bushels; afloat; for
and In .Europe, decrease. 900,000 I bushels;-'' to
tal supply, decrease, '2,230,000 bushels. *
Corn— United States and Canada, east , of
Rockies. Increase. 1,576,000 bushels.
Oats— United -States' and' Canada, east-, of
Rockies, increase, 843,000 « bushels.
Boston' Wool Market. \.
Wheat— Jan- Mar.-June.
OnenlnK 19 15 20 20 >'
ciSg*-.::::.: i »oo. 2000
Floui— - ,-•¦*•: - - ¦ • :
Ooenlne •'•> 24 60 25 65
ctg.:::::..:.........-...- 24 ss ss » ¦
Available Grain Supply, y
• Wheat— Feb. Mar. May.
Opening, ,«H ; ;« T4
Closing .:... «H , 8 J*
LIVERPOOU
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day, the butter
market was active; creamery, 14921c; dairy,
liaise Cheese, dull, 10*4@H?4c. Eggs, quiet;
fresh. 17M*. -
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ..¦ 60.000 ,34,000
Wheat bushels 121.000 ' 65.000
Corn, bushels 675.000 179,000
Oats bushels 384,000 . 258,000
Rye. bushels u -25- ,5'SS2
Barley, bushels ............. 93.000 -22,000,
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
¦end «wsy; No. 3 spring wheat. 65ffl<6V«c: No. 2
ifd. 73Vic: No. 2 corn, 37^c; No. 2 yellow, 37®
37^c; No. 2 oats, 24Hc; No. 2 white, 27»4c: No.
3 white, 2«H@«!ic: No. 2 rye. EOc; fair to
choice malting barley. 50®€0c: No. 1 flaxseed,
$173;. No. 1 Northwestern. $175: prime tlm
cthy . seed. $4 60; mess pork, per barrel, $14Q>
It 10- lard, per 100 pounds, $7 22H@7 32',S; short
rib 6ides (loose), $7jJ7 25; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), $6 25(g6 £0; short clear sides (boxed),
$7 2507 35: whisky, basis of high wines. $127;
clover, contract grade, $11. , *
ICEVB" TORK. Jan. 23. — The market demon
strated quite conclusively IU professional
character to-day. It was distinctively a tra
ders' market. The trading was done by pow
erful speculators with ample resources, the
transaction* were 'on a large scale and the
price movement was much wider than In an
wiinary room traders' market, byt^Xhe method
of operations and th« net results were much
the same. A scrutiny of the net changes for
the day will show that except in a few stocks
they are small and pretty well mixed be
tween crains and losses. Tet at one time the
whole list was at a level well o\-er yester
day's final price. The realizing movement in
tbe last hour was sufficient to wipe out al
most ail of tbe earlier advances and only the
final alight rally saved the list from a larger
showing of net losses than ls actually the
case. Buylnir by room shorts to cover wa6
largely responsible for the final rally. The
concentrated nature of the buying and the
Identity of the brokers by whom It was done,
especially in the stocks which were picked out
tor the trrea. test show of strength, were war
rant for the conviction that the speculative
leadership wan in tlw hands of the coterie
which made a demonstrative change from the
boar to the bull side cf the market during the
course of Monday's trading. The selling dur
ing the last half hour was also of a very
concentratrd character, but was by different
brokers from Shose who executed the early
lruylng orders. The deduction that large
speculative pront-takln«c was being made ls
not a ftranjte nne. The consistent weakness
of Missouri Pacific, which fell at one time 84
points b*low yesterday's high level, left little
room for credence in the rumors of a big
Southwestern railroad consolidation and gavo
color to Uie report that a large short Interest
in the rtock had settled by private agree
ment. There was a distinct shifting of spec
ulative interest from the railroads to the in
dustrials and It was the evidences of re_lli
lng in the railroad list under cover of the new
strength In the Industrials that caused the
break in the market. Such early gains as 2'i
in St. Paul. 2V In Brooklyn Transit. 2% in
Baltimore and Ohio, 2% In People's Gas, and
ethers nearly as substantial, were complete
ly wiped out In the late reaction. The de
rline from the highest reached 3% in St. Paul.
S'g in nrookl>-n Transit. 2H tn Delaware and
Hudson, l'-4 In Baltimore and Ohio and Man
hattan, and from 1 to 2 points In a laxge
number of active stocks. The steel stocks re
•<-t*_ from the bert in sympathy but hardened
wain In the late dealings. -The leaders rose
to the best at the close on heavy absorption.
3-Vderal Steel rose 3"$. Pressed Steel Car rose
en extreme «*4 while the annji.il meeting was
!n M-Mlcn and the preferred 3H- All the
mart Important members in the group gained
from 1 to 3 points. There wa» no nrvt to ac
oount for the rise and the fact that the dis
turbances which threaten the steel trade might
b»> settled by the few Individuals who control
the resources In that trade at present natur
ally makes them available' for speculative
manipulation. Th* volume of the gold exports
fnr to-morrow, which rose to $3.S5n,O00, had
rather a chilling eCect on the late specula- j
tton. In spite of the continued large flow of
money to this center.
Money continues very easy In all depart
ments of the market.
With the exception cf the reaction in Wa
h«sh bonds, the msrket for bonds was gen
erally firm. .Total sales. $4,800,000. United 3s
advanced l ; on the last call.
NEW VORK STOCK LIST.
Fharea ¦ t Closing
So'd. Stock— Bid.
S3,r>no Atchlscn 46
14.609 Atchison rrefd 85
25,900 Baltimore & Ohio 87^
Canadian Pacific ft
200 Canada Southern CSV
«.2OO Chesapeake & Ohio S8H
2,100 Chicago Great Western 17»4
18,400 Chicago. Burlington & Qulncy 142^
800 Chicago. Ind & Louisville 24>£
Chicago. Ind & Louisville orefd S9H
200 Chicago Si. Eastern Illinois «2
\,<m Chicago & Northwestern I72ty
1S.P0G Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific.. ..11S'4
1.000 C C C A St Louis 76
r/io Colorado Southern 7
EN? Colorado Southern 1st Drefd 444
Colorado Southern 2d prefd j.$u
4,l«0 Delaware A Hudson 151
S0O Delaware, Lack & Western iso
tt» Denver * Rio GranSe- _.. in
VH Denver * Rio Grande prefd MH
CJ.500 IWe jsu
2.&W. Erie 1st prefd tz%
2.700 Great Northern p— efd 1M'
Hockintr Co&l ir.ii
«*> Hocking Valley <3
tvs Illinois Central l%ti\
Lf/W Iowa Central .: 23>*
«w-1owa Central rrefd W
£00 L&ke Erie & VVertem 4114
I_tke Erie _; Western prefd .....10S
..»".... Lak* Fhore ". 210U
6.3*) L-aisMlle & Nashville SSH
S1.SM Manhattan Elevated ....115%
9.200 Metropolitan Street Railway 162
2.10 Mexican Central IJ14
4C* Minneapolis A 8t Louis G7\
Minneapolis A St Louis prefd ..105
14.600 fcfiwKwm Partfic 85
""0 Mobile & Ohio 45U
S.TflO Missouri. Kansas A Texas. ... .^.. .. 16*
2S,2M> MlFTOurt, Kensas 4 Texas preftf.... 4S^4
New Jer»e>- Central... k ....H5
4.100 New York Central .....142 "
2,499 Norfolk & Western 44V
Norfolk A Western prefd..... 81V
eS.W» Northern Pacific „„.. S2V
«.!V>0 Northern Padflp prefd S6H
87,3«) Ontario & Western....;........ 81%
....... Oregcn Railway & Navigation...... 42
- Oregon Railway & Nav prefd - 7«
«,«» Pennr-lvanla ..„ _,. ....M5H
14.1WJ Readlrg . '. SS\
2UM Reading Ut prefj n%.
Nr<v York Stock Market.
J_nuary 23»i 23«4 23% 23%
May 26 25 24?*. 2&
Mess Pork, per barrel— ¦
Jtnuary 14 C5 , 14 10 1» 92V» 13 92Vi
May 13 77V4 14 00 13 77V» 13 95
Lard, per 100 pounds—
Jrnuary ..' .... .... 7 32Vi
March '. 7 35
May 7 32V4 7 45 7 32«4 7 42H
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
Junuary « 90 6 95 6 90 6 92V4
May 6»5 7 05 « 95 7 02%
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2-
January 71% 72H "l»i 72H
February ...J 71*4 72*i 71*i 71*4
May 74K 7«i 7JT4 74\
Corn No. 2— ?;:..-;. -V:
January SG% 37 S6H 37 *
February 88T» 87li 36'4 37^
May .....' 3S«4 8ST» 38H 3ST»
Provfslons were quiet and steady under the
Influence of a good cash demand and steadi
ness in the hog market. Shorts were -buyers
during the afternoon and helped In the closing
strength. May pork closed 15c higher," May
lard T'^c up and May ribs 7V4"S10c up. .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Corn showed some sympathy ! with i the bear
lshness In wheat. May closed' Uc higher, al
3S*i9>3S%c. ¦ V- , • • v
There was a moderate buslnees in oats, Som<j
weakness developed early on scllltiK by elev%.
tor people * against country purchasers. May
closed u shade higher at 25c. i
CHICAGO, Jan. 23.— The Queen' b death
caused dullness In the local wheat market, ¦ as
the Liverpool market, which is influential in
determining the course of prices on this slue,
was closed out of respect. Trade was small h\
volume and was almost entirely in the hands
of speculators. May appeared unchanged/at
74H@74>4e. an d 3O \A early, between 74?4®74c.
Bradstreet's world's visible showed a decreaoo
of 2.200 .000 bushels. This was 700,000 busheis
greater than had been expected and shorts took
it in correction with the smaller Northwest
receipts and covered moderately durlug the
latter half of the session. May in consequence
rallied to 74*ic and closed, firm, %c over yester
day, at 74*4c. - . > • < .»'
CHICAGO. Jan. J tS.-^-CATTLE^Receipta, 18,.
0<jO. Choice steera firm; - others steady- to 10c
lower.- Butchers steady.^ , Good , to prime steers,
$5 ?5®«; poor to medium,^ $3 tft&o 15;,' stockers
and feeders, firm, ¦ $2 86@4 55; cows, ' $2 75^4 25
helfere, $2 76® 4 £0; canners." $2<3'2 70; bulls, $2 ZQ
94 SO: calves. *tea~r. $404 75; Texas fed steers
%i&* 80.-- Texas -arrays rteera. SS as®4; • Texas
bulls, tibZfym.
HOGS— lUceiau to-day, JS,fO6; to-morrow,
Chicago* Livestock Market.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury shows: Available cash bal
ance, $136,735,662; gold. $73,399.26*. . r^_-
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Jan. 2J.— Money on call easier
*t 1XC2VI per cent; last loan, 1\. . Prime mer
cantile paper. 3V4©4U ; per cent. Sterling ex
change, firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 £7*404 87% for demand and at $4 83%
for sixty days. , Posted rates, < $4 84®4 84H and
.|4 88. . Commercial bills. - $4 82X@4 8314. Silver
certificates, 63%@65c Bar silver. 62c. Mexican
dollars, 4R',4c. Government bonds, strong; State
bot-ds. Inactive; railroad ¦ bonds, firm. ¦
New York Money Market.
LONDON, Jan. 23.— The stock and : produce
exchanges were closed to-day.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 23.— The exchanges were
closed to-day. ' , '
London
1.0S3.900 Share* sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S Js ref reg 105% N Y Cent lsts 106%
Do coup 105H N J Cent gen 6s..l27 T i
Do 3s reg U0H Northern Pac 3e... 70H
Do 3s coup 110H ' Do 4s ..105
Do new 4s reg....U6H N Y C & St L 4S..1CSH
Do new 4s coup..U7',4 N & W con 4s '.100\i
Do old 4s reg 113*4 Or Nav lsts........H0
Do old 4s coup.. .113*4 Do 4s ....103\i.
Do 6s reg .110H Or Short^Llne 6s..l2<»V4
Do 5s coup 111% Do con 5a 116
Dis of Col 3.65b. ...125* Reading Gen 4s.... 94
Atchison gen 4s. ...1034 R G W lsts.. S3
Do adj 4s 8»% St L & I M con 6s. 115
Canada Sou 2ds....lll E L & S F Gen 68.128
Ches A. Ohio 4V&C..105 St Paul con 182%
Do 6s 120% St P C & P lsts. .118
C & N con "s 139^i Do N.. .118H
Do S F Deb 5s. ..124 Southern Pac 4s.... *4H
Chic Term 4s »2V4 Southern Ry 6« 11294
Colorado Sou 4s.... 84% Stand R & T 6s.... 65',4
D & R G 4s 100V4 Tex & Pac lsts. ...116^
Erie Oen'4« 84 Do 2ds 89 -
F W _ D C lsts... 79H Union Pac 4s 106H
Gen Electric 6a 155 Wabash lets 118ft
Iowa Cent lsts 116 Do 2ds 109%
L & N Uni 4a 100% I West Shore 4s.... .114%
M K *; T 2de...... 7S\iiWis Cent 4s, U
Do 4s S7K(Va Centuries 1 *^,.. 96
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Oon 29iLlttle Chief 16
Alice MSiOntarlo ............. 6 75
Breece 2 00 Ophlr ;..» 55
Brunswick Con 25 Phoenix .....' 10
ComFtock Tunnel.. 04] Poto*l 05
Con Cal & Va 1 50 J Savage ....• 14
Deadwood Terra... 5^ Sierra Nevada..... 15
Horn Silver 110 Small Hopes 65
Iron Silver ' 65 Standard 4 25
Leaavllle Oon 06 • ,
- BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I Union Pacific ..... 83%
Call loans 8 ©4 Union Land 2>»
Time loans .. 3'iS4 Weit End ....93
Stocks— Bonds—
A T & 6 F......... 45H Atchison 4s ..102
A T & 8 F prefd. 84% N E Gas&Coke 6s. 66H
American Sugar... -134H Mining Shares-
Am Sugar prefd. ..USH Adventure »H
Bell Telephone 160 Allouez Mln Co.... 16»4
Boston & Albany.21S Amalg Opper 89
Boston Elevated.. .162 Atlantic 27>i
Boetcn &.' Maine. ..194 Boston & Mont 315
Chgo, Bur A Q. ...142^4 Butte & Boston.:.. 77
Dominion Coal 35H Calumet & Hecla..S55
Dom Coal prefd... 109 Centennial ....... ..21$
Federal Steel 4S\ Franklin 16
Fed Steel prefd.... 63»* Osceola 82
Fttchburg prefd.. .140 Parrot 4S
Gen Electric 156H Qulncy .....164
Gen Elec prefd 15SV4 Santa Fe Copper.. 5H
Ed Elec 111.. 217 .Tamarack ..828
Mexican Central... lSH't'tah Mining 33H
N E Gas A Coke.. llVWlnoaa 6>-i
Old Dominion. 81 Wolverines 4SH
Rubber 20H
14.100 Reading 2d prefd 42%
Rio Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Western prefd..... 72
6,200 St Louis & San Francisco 27%
at l.nuis & San Fran l»t prefd 7914
1,000 St I-.iuli & San l^raji 2d prefd 5"ij
1P0 St Louis, Southwestern 22^4
3.S00 Kt Louis, Southwestern prefd 60*
S1.1CNI St Paul 149 6 *
M0 St Paul prefd 183\
. St Paul & Omaha.... 130
74.100 Southern Pacinc .-. *i%
11.600 Southern Railway 19 7 4
12.9(0 Southern Railway prefd 71>4
8.200 Texas & Pacific 27%
66.3T0 Union Pacific S»%
4.200 Vnlon PaclHc prefd S3\i
i^tO Wabash 13V4
14. 1C0 Wabash prefd "27^
600 Wheeling & L E HH
1,600 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 2S%
%Visconsin Central „. 15%
200 Third Avenue -">»»« 121
2.200 Baltimore & Ohio prefd S4%
3,200 National Tube 67%
L500 National Tube prefd I M
Express Companies —
„ Adams _..... 150
American 172
United States M
Wells Fargo 130
Miscellaneous—
4.800 American Cotton Oil 30«4
100 American Cotton Oil prefd 88
American Malting 4>~
American Malting prefd 844
8,000 American Smelting & Ref 6S l ,i
2.900 American Smelting & Ref prefd 9?H
American Spirits 2
American Spirits j>rcfd 17
4,40$ American Steel Hoop 27
1.600 American Steel Hoop prefd 73
34.900 American Steel & Wire 41"»
2.700 American Steel & "Wire prefd S5
6.900 American Tin Plate 5S%
200 American Tin Plate prefd...'. S8V*
15.000 American Tobacco' \Wh
American Tobacco prefd 140
1.200 Anaconda Mining Co 43
68.400 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 79H
9.000 Colorado Fuel & Iron *&%
11,600 Continental Tobacco 44'-4
Continental Tobacco rrefd 94
49.100 Federal Steel 49^4
4,400 Fe.leral Steel prefd ~0\i
400 General Electric 1 1S7
4C0 Glucose Susrar 47Vi
400 Glucose Sugar prefd Wi
4,200 International Paper 2U»
500 International Paper prefd 71
Lacledc Gas 72
2,100 National Biscuit 31H
100 National Biscuit prefd 92Vi
L000 National Lead 16
National Lead prefd «6
6,00(1 National Ste*l 33%
600 National Steel prefd 91
New York Air Brake I'M
900 North American 20
Pacific Coast 52
Pacino Coast 1st prefd 87
Pacinc Coast 2d prefd ;..... 63
300 Pacific Mail 41
14.500 People's Gas »9U
5.600 Pressed Steel Car.. 40S4
1.200 Pressed Steel Car prefd SO
Pullman Palace Car .» 195
Standard Ror>e * Twine 3'^
32.700 Sugar 134%
Sugar prefd '. 11SH
9, 200 Tennessee Goal & Iron 67%
6.200 United States Leather 11%
3,200 United States Leather prefd 73%
S.P<» United States Rubber 21
2.7W United States Rubber prefd 62
300 Western Union 83^
4 <W0 Amalgamated Copper S3
1.500 Republic Iron & Steel 13%
L600 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 57H
PCC4 Et Louis 64
Deciduous "and Citrus Fruits;
¦ ; Five oars 1 of Oranges ' were auctioned, aa ' fol
lows:/. Fancy. Navels," $1' TOfiS;* choice do, jlfl
Storages-California fancy,"— —; standard.—;
Eastern -, fancy. '. 20c; '• standard. -; .; seconds.
-.- CHEESE— Fancy,««utr'.- l Im,.llHe; choice.
10c;* common. . nominal: .TlCIirgj Americas, 12c;
Eastern, - full ; cream; ' 15@lft>5c 5 per, 1 lb."- ¦ c • . -•-•¦' .
EGGS— .--• : - ' -..-"i-Si'i. ¦'¦'¦'¦*¦'¦¦¦; -:>¦:.;'.'> :r, <,v;n ?;•-., ... . ,.
n' California irancft— Selected ;,whlte, ; 27c; mixed,
colors, ? 25c ,i>er ' dosen."p" i"«__ t *'0^>--*«.*-.-.r,;_> ¦ ' -
* Cal lfornla r gathered-^Selected, l5 4 — Sc ; " standard,
23c ; , seconds,"; -^v* •'""C' vy* Y-$ :':::' ':¦¦ • :¦ -
; Fresh f Eastern— Fancy, '. - — ;* standard, ¦ — — ;
seconds, — — .';*¦¦-• 5 J ¦-. '* 'Ur : '- ¦'. ¦''\>.*.'*Zi.< : >}^::-'.. ¦
: , Both •>. Eggs / and ; Cheese ¦¦- are steady, , and ¦ in
n>oderate supply at unchanged prices.-: ¦ .%
Receipts as reported' by &* Dairy Exchange
were 40,000 pounds : Butters7JW^ases ; California
Ekcs. 3S3» cases EastertaBO*. 15,176 pounds
Ca.lifornia Cheese an<Wjt-j\^BDunds tastern
Cheese.. :-••¦ 'jRg^V !^3k- '-¦"' : ¦¦ . -.
-;¦ BUTTER— - .'., , - S^*«n'^f^ " ¦ ¦'
Creameo*— Extras. M(te;^TJVsti,%_K:;. seconds,
17c. ,-.'.;- v'--: -•'¦•¦." "' ¦' &pu : lU(-^&S!&&t*r-i ¦¦¦¦¦¦ ': ¦
! Dairy— Extras, ' 17c ;1 arsts.i U5o; i seconds. ' 14c:
store.-12c. ¦ .¦.¦:^t<'*^^AV/> i«>"*V - " '-
' Storager-CreameryA'e.xtr8»N \-f— i i -rsts,' ;
seconds.^ ; dairy l ex*y«* *¦*£'? "¦-"•>, '
- Pickle, \- — perjpo-naVar. I 1 - *;
Keg, -'per, pound, ti ¦ l f {;. "¦''¦•';¦ ' • ¦.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
. Prices for Butter stand the same,. with the
exception of- held goods, - quotations for which
bMve , been dropped by •¦• the Exchange owing
to ' the ; great < irregularity • of . the market - and
the divergent views of the trade. : Fine Cream
ery : rules firm and the « other ; grades of fresh
rre steady, though. there is enough on hand to
go arou-d. -.-. i-!' ¦<¦ ....'•'¦....¦,: • ¦ ¦ .- ¦•'•¦.r"
'.GAME— Quail.. $1 for Valley and $2 for Moun
tain; Mallard,. $3@3 60; -Canvasback.- $2®a 60;
Sprig, $2 25@8;-Teal; $1 60®J; Widreon. $1 50:
SmallDuck^ $1©1 25; Black Jack. $1 50; Gray
Geese, $3; White Geese. $1@1 50;" Brant, fl 50®
1 75 ¦ for . email and $2 for large ; Honkers, S3©
4 60; English Snipe, $2: Jack Snipe.- $1 25£H 60;
Hare. $1 25; - Rabbits. $1 25®1 60 for Cottontail
and $1 for Brush; Doves, 75c per. dozen.-. >
Poultry and Game.
• Prices for Game were somewhat , oft : Re
cc-lpts were 125 .sacks and .- the feeling was
weak. ;• ¦.- ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ • ' ¦ • ¦ ¦ ' . ¦ ¦ .
* Poultry, continued depressed and out of ' de
mand. ¦ ¦ -¦ •:...¦-'.¦•.;¦¦,¦¦- ¦- -,¦'•• ;'=- ¦' ¦¦¦
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10®lle tor Gob
blers and ll®13c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys,
i:^14c; Geese, per pair, $1 75Q2; Goslings, $1 75
<?2; Ducks. $4@5 for old and *5@6 50 for young:
Hens. $3 50®5: Young Roosters. $4 50©5; Old
Roosters. .$3 60®4; Fryers,- $4 50i35 ; Broilers,; $4
en 50 for large and $333 50 for small; Pigeons,
$101 25 per, dozen < for old ..• and $2 25@2 75 . tor
Squabs. ¦ ¦¦: . ¦ ¦ ' ., .¦ . .';. .'
ONIONS— $1 85^2 25 per cU; Cut Onions. $1 23
©1 SO -'per ¦ etl." ¦ ¦¦ . •• - "
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, $1 25@1 50 per box;
Asparagus, from v, Sacramento, 15020c per lb;
Green. Peas. 6@Sc per lb; String Beans, 15c:
Cabbage, 90c; -Tomatoes. Los Angeles. - $1 50{£
2 25 per crate; Egg ' Plant. - Los Angeles, l5@20c
per lb;. Green Peppers.. Los Angeles, 10@l2Ho
per lb for Chlla and 15c for Bell: Dried Pep
pers. 9@llc; X)ry; Okra, 10@15c per lb; Carrots.
25@35c per box;; Hothouse Cucumbers. $1 25®2
per dozen; Summer Squash. $2 per box; Gar
lic. « 8i4@4c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $12@20
per ton: Mushrooms, ,6@15c per lb.
Fine 'Onions are firm again, and. will bring
the top qVotation. There ls no' further change
in Potatoes. Vegetables are In moderate sup
ply and. firm, only. 9 sacks arriving from the
south. V
: POTATOES— Early - Rose. 65©75c: Burbanks.
8.'<S45c for" River and S5c@$l 10 per ctl ' for
Salinas and 75c@$l for Oregon :' Garnet Chiles
fiom Oregon,' 85©90c; Sweets. $1@1 05 for
Merced. /..,-• ,
Prices for Beans remain as before, with a
good Inquiry at firm quotations.
BEANS- Bayos, $2 60®2 75; Small White.
$4 6004 90; Large White. J4®4 25: Pink, $2 15®
2 35; Red. $3 25@3 50; Blackeye, $3®3 25; Limai,
H 6CS5 TO; Pea. cleaned up and. nominal; Red
Kidney, $3 'IQK per ctl.
•SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, • nominal; Flax. $2 6003 ;. Canary, 3H@
3»ic for Eastern: Alfalfa, 7%@9V4c; Rape, 2®
2^c: Hemp. 3\s@3}ic; Timothy, 6Hc. ,
I DRIED PEAS— ..Niles. $202 50; Green, $2 70
©3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
FEEPSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $16(517 -per
ten: Oilcake Meal, at the mill. $25@26; Jobbing,
tlf 60; Cocoanut Cake. ,$1"®1S; Corn Meal, $25
©25 60; Cracked Corn. $25 6O®26; Mixed Feed.
$16@16.
HAY— Volunteer. $5@8: Wheat, $11018 50;
Wheat and Oat. $10© 12 60; Oat. $3®12; Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $S©9 50;- Barley, $7 6009 60
per ton. . - . : .
STRAW— 85®47Hc per bale.
Another, advance in Bran ls reported. Hay
ls steady and unchanged.
BRAN— $15*816 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-H6 50019 60 per ton.
Hay and Fecdstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25@
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. J3 15©3 25 ,
Ort gon, $2 75{f2 S5 per barrel for family and
J2 7n®3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', $2 75
©3.
MII-__5TUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per Vfi lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. iV, Corn Meal. $2 75;
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $1 50; Hom
iny, $3 CO03 73; - Buckwheat Flour. UfM 23;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina, $4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $60
7 25; In sacks. $3 75®^: Pearl Barley. $5; fcipllt
Peas, 95; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls, $1 03%.
BARLEY— Choice bright feed seems to be in
demand and firmer again, but the lower grades
show no change. - I
Feed, 75c for choice, bright. 72«®73 1 >ic for No.
1 arid 70c for oft grades; Brewlntt and Shipping
grades. 77}j@S2%c; Chevalier, nominal.
, CALL BOARD SALES. 1 [
' Informal Sesrton— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales. ¦ ¦ ;,
Regular Morning Session — No sales. •'.
Afternoon Session— No sales. - , * ¦
OATS— The market shows no change what
ever. \ . :
White $130271 50; Surprise, nominal; Red,.
Jl I£®1 40 for Feed and $1 S5iJ?l 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed. $1 17J4O1 20;
for SeM. «l 25(81 30 per ctl. ,
CORN— There Is nothing new to report.
Yellow. .' $1 12% ; White, $1 10®l IB; Eastern
mixed. $1 12H per ctl.
RYE— 82%©S7V4c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 S5 par ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls. s $107%; .
Second Session— No sales. ,
Regular ' Morning * Session— May — 4000 ctls,
$1 03*. December— 2000. $1 07%.
Chicago was. weak on- the prospect of clos
ing the English . market, and not much busi
ness Is expected with England until after th»
funeral of the Queen. -Commission houses
bought freely, but . tho market needs support.
St. Louis reported > a good cash demand,; and
one hq,use worked 40,000 bushels to »local mills.
The local market was dull and not materially
changed.:"< • ¦
¦ Spot Wheat-Shipping, 97%c: milling, $lgl 03
per. ctl>- •. . ¦ ' :'„•'.>' ¦''
WHEAT— Paris' was lower. . There were no
English' markets 'of any consequence, as busi
ness was suspended, owing, to the death of the
Queen.'-", New York" showed little change. - .,-
Wheat arid'. Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 6O'days...... — . .14 84%
Sterling Exchange," sight;,. — - ' 4 88^4
Strtrllngr Cables ........... v; - 4 89H
New York r Exchange, sight...... — 17^4
New. York Exchange, telegraphic — 22^i
Fine Stiver, per ounce.;......:.. ¦¦' — 62
Mexican Dollars^ nominal C0H 47 61
Exchange and Bullion.
WHEAT- Receipts, 64,000 exports,
49,000.; Spot, firm; No. 3 red, SOHc , f . o. b.
afloat and 77Jic elevator; No.' 1 Northern' Du
luth. SCHo f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Diiluth,
R'Hc f. o. b. afloat. Options opened easy from
the effects of foreign felling, but later ml
>anced on a large decrease In Bradstreet's
visible, local covering and email Northwestern
receipts, closing firm at H@V4c net advance.
Jcnuary, closed 79c; March, 78\<5'79>ic, closed
"(•14c: May. 79<iQ799ic. closed 79*ic; July. 78%g)
fg'ie, . closed 7954c.
HIDES — Finn. • i
WOOL-Dull. ' -
COFFEE-Spot Rio, dull: No. 7 Invoice, 7Hc:.
ro!ld. quiet; Cordova. Sig^^o. Futures closed
steady." 10^15 points lower. Total sales. 42.500
bags, including: Jnnuary, $5 45; March. (5 65;
May, $5 65; June, $5 CO; October. So SO; Decem
ber. $3 90. ' ..
SUGAR— Raw. steady: fair refining. S 13-16c;
centrifugal. !'6 tept. 4 o-16c; molasses sugar,
3 9-16c; renned, dull. '
BUTTER— Receipts, 530S packages. Market
steady; creamery, 16{f 22c; June creamery, 15@
20c; factory. 11 @ 14c A . ' "-'-.,
EGGS — Receipts; COSO packages. Steady;
average packing ' at mark, 18lS'l9Hc:
Western, loss off, 20c ' l -
DRIED FRUITS. <fj
A quiet and uninteresting market was preva
lent all day for evaporated apples. State com
1 mon were quoted at 3*i*34>Vie: prime. 6®5Hc;
choice, 5^4^6c; fancy, 6@7c. .¦-. ¦ -.-
California dried fruits ruled quiet an.1 un
changed. Prunes were quoted at SHflWWc.
Apricots— Royal. 7«4®12c; Moorpark. 8^®15c.
Peach»»— Peeled, 14® 16c; unpeeled, 8HG10c.
NEW YORK. Jan. 23.— FLOUR-Recelpts.
2^.000 barrels; exports, 6400."; Steady and'un
changed.' Minnesota, $3 90@4 20; winter extras,
V 50@2 85; Minnesota bakers," 13 60@3 75; 'win
ter low grades. 12 4S@2 65. .- ' t.
New York Grain and Produce.
Silver 0 lozccr. Exchange about the same.
Wktai dull and unchanged. Choice Barley firmer.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Beans and Seeds about the same.
Bron adz'anccd again. Hay steady.
Potatoes and Vegetables steady and Onions firm.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs shozv little variation.
Poultry and Gaine in ample supply and easy.
Five cars of Oranges at auction brought good prices.
Xothing nczc in Dried Fruits.
Provisions firm, with a fair demand.
Meat market very strong.
Increased activity in local stocks and bonds.
Larger sales on the Oil Exchange.
Another advance in Pacific Codfish. •»
SO.000; left over, 4300. Top, $5 30; mixed and
butchers, $5 03ff 5 3J.; good to choice heavy, JS 2 "1
"78 30; rough heavy. $3 05@G 15; light, $5 05®
5 17^4; bulk, $5 20^5 25. '5 ' ' ¦
SHEEP— Receipts. 15.000A Sheep ' firm to
shade lower. Lambs, steady, closing J slow.;
(Jood to cholofi wetherg. $3 75^'4 50; fair to choice
mixed, J3 45(53 yO; Western sheep, $3 755f4f.O;
Texas shepp. <2 60itf 3 SO; - native iambs, $4^60;
Western lambs, f i 50(J?5E0. ' •
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
L Knight, NT ' Mrs Emeraon. Cal
W A Junker, Cal W H Felts, Chicago
J A Brent, Cal O J Miller, San Rafael
R C Rawllngs. Mo F J Kirk. Saeto
W A Walker, Phlla G E Griawold. Chgo
F C Blnsham. Cal W^ I-icy, Lon Ans
t Sharp, Oregon H L. Fitzpatrtck. Cal
J II Metzar, W Va . G M Bowman.. 3 JTosa
W H Holablrc!. 1» Ang Mr» Iiowman, S Jose
G C Belott, Maw T J FIcl.l. Monterey
G A Kilmer, N T Mrs C Thorne. Tacorr._
W O Kirckhoff, L Ans W E IXinn. Loa Ans
J Reid, Chicago J E Krumf, Alaiaeda
Mrs Reid, Chicago Mrs Krumr. Alanwli
E T Wallace. Yreka Mrs L G Kirth, Oaklnd
Mm Humphreys. Cal W JIaaon. Mich
W Young. Idaho ' W H «.Tlirk?rins C«l
J R Stephens. Portland! Mrs Chickcrlnj, CaZ
J R Finch, Spokane jMIss E Clapp, Cal
Mrs Finch. Spokane W A Walker. Phila
H McCrery. Mo T H Yost, Stanford
X> Melone. wf. <J. Cal J B OlMerslelve. Cat
H Newmark. Los Ang G Goldberg. N y
M Haas, Cinciwnatl C Muyyendye, wf. Erg
C F Adams, Salt Lake E F Holme*, rhicapo
H A Richmond. N Y Mrs Holme*. Chicago
Mrs J S Carlit.1?. Ky :C XV Holmes. • htcasro
J Garrard. Cincinnati A Murphy. Cfarnon
D Baird, N J Miss Ifcirphy. < Ar9on
0 W Husted, NY PE Perkins-. Ti-x Moln
H S GoJfrey, Phila Mrs Perkins. I;. ; Main.
1 E Levl, N Y Jlrs Delwortn. Dei M*
G H Emerson, Cal :Mi«<3 Pelworth. I>p=< Ma
W Togonaga. Japan !A 9 Hagalra, .fapan
InafaU. Japan M Teyagona. Japaa
Mrs Catler% Los Anir M Catlera. Los Ang
GRAND HOTEL.
W Christensen. R Vlst H E Davidson. Clpv«»!,t
W J Boshker, Sn Jose G A Smith Cortlind
F F Elvictee. Oakland T Morgan & w. Cal
A. E Magill. Oakland C H Cobb & w, Seattle
W E Moldrup, Ala A H Kelly. B C
Mrs C Gerbor. Mich Mrs J McCle-ndan. Cal
, Dr G J Fanning. Or L S Smith. N J
D W Coon & w, X Y IF C Innes. Sulphur Ck
Mrs Belle tc niece. Cal J V Baklivln & w. fai
F Powers & w. Art* H Baldwin. I* An^
P J Chick. Vancouver- A Baldwin. Los An?
C R Scott. Tulare J M I'runty. Xirvarta
G F IXtzler. Biggs V," Bowen Seattle
L H Bartlett. Boston 3 B Snyder. Stockton
0 Motheral. Visalia A W Maltby & w. X H
Mrs J U Simons. Chlco C B Collins. Portland
W WhHttnpton. Reedly J H Seawell. T,*klah
J W Malcolm. Ill ,F Schutze. Cal
J R Rayben, Phoenix |H F Drachcr. Sn Jcs«
A C Antrim, Cal )H G Turner. Modesto
J Marriott. England I Miss FT Dush Selma
Mrs Bell. Sydney I Mrs S Levtrison. <71»ica«
Miss Bell, Sydney [Mrs Omstead, Chicajro
3 H I3ir.on & w, OakUIR W Fkinner. Marysvil
M M Evans. Kans CtyjH.W WaUer. Willowi
J E Korberle, Ls Ang'j P O'Neill. Kans City
R F Johnson, MonteryJG F Lorfns & w Iil
M Blfftfs Jr. Oroville iMra J Miller, Eureka
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W. G Barlow. Cal A Hedvtdek. Cal
G Lorentz, Nebr Cart Xelson. Ca!
E D Ejfgert. Nebr J Carroll. Cal
J Tursey. Cal |B Nelson. Mlssoul-
W Chinn, Cal M J McCann. Oregon
F McKenna, Nlles J Peluse. Cal
F Campbell. Xlles • R F Andrus. Seattle
T Collins & w. Utah IE Eallard. 8 Ro?a
E Crabtrea & w..Wyo P Foley. Fresno
S Bldrtulph, Utah |E Corner. Sacto
D Farland, Utah H Bealey. Kansas
A C Patterson, Utah ;Miss Thompson. Cal
1 Evans. Idaho |G McAfee. Fresno
R R Ires. Idaho IW Towle, Calistoga
J Ross. Angels Camp 1
PALACE HOTEL.
HOTEL ARBIVi-LS.
FOR WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 23,
Flour qr sks 14.S50 Wool, bales 28
-Wheat, ctls....... 61.637 Feed, . sks 60
Barley. ctls.....~.. 4.35S Wine, gals........ 65,800
Oats, ctls 1.306 Leather, rolls.... 03
Beans, sks S3A .Tallow, ctls....... (432
Potatoes, .sks..-;.. 6.717! Chicory, bbls...;. 260
Onions, sks 144 Sugar, ctls........ 260
Bran, sks 1,350 Lime, bbls........ 826
Hay, tons... 400 Hides, No. 243
Straw/ tons..:.... ¦*.'¦ 10 Pelts. Mis..: 210
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks..... S.TCOjBran, Ek» 325
Oats. Clls.. ....... 8,2001
Receipts of Produce.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Some descriptions have
again advanced, as follows: , Bundles per lb,
4\c; cases, E%c: do, ' extra ¦ large,' 5^ic; do,
Eastern style, 5&c; Boneless, 6%c: Norway,
6fcc: Narrow Gauge, 6&c; SlK-er King, 7Hc;
blocks. Oriental. 5 l /4c: - do. Seabrljrht, 6?4c:
Tablets, 7V4C : Middles, 6%c: ao. White Seal,
%Viz; Fancy Boneless, 9c; do, 2-Ib boxes, 7o;
Desiccated, per dozen, 75c; Pickled' Cod, bar
rels.- each. $7 50; do, half ' barrels. U 50.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfield
Wellington, 19; Seattle," $7: Bryant. J7: Coos
Bay, 15 50; Walleend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $3: Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45
per 2C00 lbs and S3 50 per ton. according to
brand. '
; SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, . per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Crushed, '6.25c: Powdered, 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.S5c;Dry Granulated, 6.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c; Magnolia A, 5.85c; Extra C,
5.25c; Golden C. 6.15c ;• barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 23c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more. ¦ No orders taken for less th_n 75
barrels or , its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels. 6.50c; 'boxes. fi.75c tier lb.'
BAGS— €ah Quentln Bags. J5 65; Calcutta
Grain Burs, June and July. 6%c: Wool Bags,
80©82Hc; Fleece Twine. 7Hc
General 'Merchandise.
LAMB— 10011c per lb: spring, 12%@15c per lb.
PORK— Live Hosts, 6%®6c for small and 5%®
6c. for medium and 6SS^%c for larse: stock
Hogs and feeders, S'.iSSUc; di^ssed Uogs. 7U
©8Hc. .
The market for all descriptions rulea' (Inn,
end some' dealers are quoting advanced rates
for Mutton and Lamb.
«BEF~TU( ( Vtc for Steers and 6_7Vic per lb
for Cows. - *
VEAI- I>arge,"8®9c; small. 9®llc per lb.
MUTTON- Wethers, 9V4@10c; Ewes. 9®3H<>
per pound. ¦ .
San Francisco I Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands j sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers!
9U#; medium. 9c; light. 8©8Hc; "Cow*Hldes.
8V4c for heavy and 8®SV4c for llarht; Stags, 6®
OVic; Salted KiD. 9c; ; Salted Veal, 9c; Salted
Calf 10c; Dry Hides. 15Hc; Culls. 13Hc; dr/
Kip 15c; Dry Calf, 16®17c; culls and brands,
14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20© 30c each; short
Wool ' 30@55c each; medium, 60@76c; long Wool,
75cSn each: Horse -Hides, . salt. $2 50@2 75 for
large and $2®2 25 for medium, |1®1 25 for small
and EOc for colts; Horse : Hides, dry, 11 75 for
large. $1 60 for. medium. $1 25 for small and COc
for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skina, 35c;
fall or medium sklns,30c; winter or thin skins.
20c. Goatskins— Prim* Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth, 60c ; ; medium, 86c. f -
TALLOW— No. 1' rendered. 4>i®JHo per lb;
No 2 I 8%c: grease. 2@2Hc.
WOOL— Spring Clip is quotable as. follows:
Northern, free, 15@16c; Northern, defective, 12@
14c- Middle County, free, 15©16c; Middle Coun
ty'defective, 12014c: Southern Mountain, M2
months', -94?10c; Southern Mountain, fre«, 7
months', 11012c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 9®llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno, 16
©17c: Nevada, 13®lGc per lb. ?.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6H®Sc; do lambs. 8@
9c; Middle County, 9@10c; Northern Mountain,
free lOStllc: Southern Mountain. "4©8Hc;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. ll@12c per lb.
HOPS— 12@16c per lb.
Provisions.
¦ .¦'. ¦; ___ / ; . i_ .¦• . .
Cured Meats continue flrnrf, with -a fair -e«-
CURED MEATS— Bacon. llflllVic per lb for
heavy. lW@12c for light medium. 12H@13c for
light 13V40Mc for extra light and 15®15tfc for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured . Hams,
12c; Mess Beef. $12 per barrel: extra Mess, J13;
Family. $14: extra Prime Pork. »15<# 15 60; extra
clear, $19 60010; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c
Pe LA I RD— Tierces quoted at 6V4(86»io perlb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
9ttc: 10-lb tins. 9?4c: 5-lb tans. 9Tic _ • .-_?
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, g 8%e; three
half-barrels. 8c; one tierce, 7%c;. two tierces,
7^c; five tierces, 7%c per lb. . .
Hides, Tallow,' Wool and:Hops. 0
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa. Claras, 4 sizes,' Jc;
30-408. 7c; 40-508, 6Vlc; 50-60s, 4%c: 60-70S. S?4c;
70-808. 3%c; 80-908,' 2%c; 90-lOOs. 2Md 100-120S.
l^c; rubies. He premium; Sonomas, %c and
San.Joaquins %c less than. Santa Clara^ ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same. Apri
cots,- 6@!<c . for Royals and 10@10Hc for Moor
parks; Evaporated- Apples. 4@5Vic; sun-dried,
V,<<®2%c; Peaches... 4@5c- for standard. 5@6c-for
choice and BMs@7c- for fancy; Pears, . 2®<c;
Plvms, ¦. pitted. -6@6%c: unpitted, -l@l%c:'-Nec
tarines.'GO5'/io.for red and 5i4©6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers 1 -Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb;, choice, . lie;
standard 10c; prime. 19c:, unbleached Thomp
son's 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10%e per
lb; choice, 9Hc; standard. 8Tic; prime. 80: un
bleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,. 50-lb. boxes.
614c t ¦'•• 4-crown, 7c; 3-cro^n. 6Hc;- 2-crown, 6c.
London Layers>2-crown. $l W per box; a-crown,
II CO;- Fancy > Clusters, $2; Dehesa, »2 60; Im
perial. *3.' All prices f. o. . b. at common ship
ping points. in California. . ';,:-. ... ,.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 9<810c per lb for Italian;
hardshell. 10c: No. 2. 7»4c; Almonds, I2@13c for
papershell, Sffllc for ¦»"*•": Ef" nut .y 5 ? fl0
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts. 13c; Pe
cans. llS>13c;- Cocoanuts. '$3 60(^5. ¦ _-
HONEY— Comb. 13>i@l4%c for bright and 12H
(fflJc for light arab*; water white, extracted.
7%;e8c;-llEht amber extracted. 6V437c; dark,
eflfi^c per lb. > - .-' '¦¦,-. ¦ . •'
BKESWAX— 24©26c per, lb. '. ., ',
1 70; BtandanJ, 78eO11 K: ¦ Lemons, $101 *5:
,Tangerines. 80c@Sl 45; Grape Fruit, '; S1©1 75,
- All fruits stand about the, same aa previously
Quoted.' -.- ' • • -- ' ; ¦" ¦"¦-¦¦ ¦- -¦. ¦ " .V. \
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—35fi65c per box for common and 75c
e$l 50 for good to choice; Spltzenbergs. . $1 2j©
175; Oregon Spltzenbergs. U6O©1 75. V- '. , >
PEARS— 50c®*l 50 per box. .
i CRANBERRIES— Wlsconsins, $13 50 per bar
nU'-''< '¦ ¦¦ •"•'; ' -'"•¦¦ ¦- ". .„-.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Orange?, |1@2;
Seedlings. 60c®*l:. Tangerines, 75c®|l 2a: Man
darins. 7oc@«: Lemons. 25c@W,2i lor. common
and ¦ $1 60®2 for 1 good to cholcrf; Orape- Fruit.
50c@U 50 ; Mexican Limes. $4 5O@5 ; California
Limes. 25©S5c: Bananas, 50c®?160 per bunoh;
Pineapples, 75c@f 2. per dozen. ' _
Dried Fruits, sN tits and Raisins.
WATER STOCKS.
Ooatra Coeta.. 63*i ?0«i6prlnff Valler.. »% «TS
Marln Cxmnif. 62 . I -. .
GAS AND FiTtKCTRIC STOCKS. - .. '
Cent LAP Co— 4 Pao L Co...... 42 43V4
EqultGLCo. 2tf- gac E O&RCo. - 40
Mutual El Co.. 8 1 8 F O & P.... *5% *7
O O !¦ &. H..* — 50V4 San Francisco. 4% 4%
Pae.Gas Imp.. 44ti — Stktn G & B.. — 14
¦ , INSURANCE STOCiKS.
Flrem's Fund-.«32 — I 1
BANK STOCKS.
Angrlo-Cal _4d. — 79 ,l«on P St A....1U 145
Bank of Cal. ..40? 4U Merchants' Ex 18 —
Cal»S D & T..105 llO S F Nat' Bk.. 120 125
First National — . — 1 ..', <
BANKa
Ger 8 & If... — "1S5O Sav & L. So..'.. — —
Hum S •& I_.". — Sec Sav Uk. ...273 —
Mut Bar-Blc.i. BO " -.—" Union T Co... — --
S F Sav U....510 '"—
. '? 'STREET RAILROAD BTOCK3.
California. '.."...18» — IO S _. & H.... 40H —
, Geary-st-..,... 47H — Presidio ...t... 17U 20
Market-8t ..... ft}?* — •:. sV : '
POWDER STOCKS.
California 150 — IVigorlt .: 1% 2?4
Giant Con Co. 83<4 84 1
SUGAR STOCKS.* .. .
Hana S P Co. 7% 7tt|KIlauea 8 Co.. 21H 2J
Haw C & S Co — 88\ Makawell S Co 42^ —
Honokaa.S Co. 31>4 — fOnomea'fe Co. 27% 2Si;
HutchS P Co. 36% — [Paauhau 3 Co. 3Z\% Z2%
MISCEI__ANEOUS STOCKS. . -
Al Pack Assn.l25H126 Oceanic SS Co.100 101
Cal Fruit Asn.lO6»4 -- Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal "Wine Aan. 100 — Pac Bor Co... .153 154
Mer Kx Assn.. 97 — Par Paint Co. IZh* —
¦ Mornlns -Session.
-' ¦¦"'' - Board—
. SO Alaska Packers' Association 125 50
, 10O Contra Costa Water, s 90...;...... 70 00
DO Giant Powder Con S3 75
6 Giant Powder Oon 83 SO
100 Hana Plantation Co ;;...... 7 37%
10 KUauea Suarar Plantation Co .21 SO
270 Makawell 42 60
J5.000 N P C R R 6n bonds 108 25
' •• 15 Oceanic Stearnshlp Co 100 00
'" 200 Paauhau B P Co... 32 25
10 Pacific Gas Imp.... 44.25
23 Pacific Liehtlng 42 W
. 25 S F Gas A Electric Co 46 50
- 60 S F Ga» fc Electric Co ...:... 46 73.
3 Spring ValleT"Water 90 75
20 Spring Valley Water 91 00
J2.00Q Spring Valley 6s bonds....." 114 75
, M Vlgorit »60
- ¦¦.'- Street— * •
J18.000 S P of A bonds Ill 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Contra Costa Water.;.... t.. 70 23
75 Hana Plantation Co 7 37H
' 40 Honokaa S Co 31 25
40 Hutchlnson S P Co 26 73^
200 KUauea ¦ Sugar P Co 21 SO
$1,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s bonds 120 00
25 Oceanic Steamship Co..". 100 «0
Jl.OCO S F & S J V bonds... 120 25
¦- ...15 S F Gas & Electric Co 4575
.»-, 6 Spring Valley Water... 91 50
' - 34 Spring Valley Water 91 62^
'I : Street—
;- 25 Alaska Packers' Association.... ...125 50
J10.CCO N P C R R as bonds 1M 25
. ,.. SO Oakland Gas 43 75
;';- 10 Spring Valley' Water... 91 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
> ; V - Morning Session.
Board — !
200 Black Jack ,120
1500 Cala-Btandard \£ tS
2500 Cala-Standard. b 60..". 89
150 El Dorado 180
2 Hanford 118 00
50 Homo OH'.: 4 10
200 Independence 21
195 Kern Oil Co 12 23
50 Kern Oil Co 12 37H
10 Kern Oil Co 12 50
25 Kern River 16 50
1300 Lion Oil Co 25
433 Monarch of Arizona 78
200 Monarch of Arizona 77
100 Monarch of Arizona 78
1000 Monarch of Arizona 79
14Q0 Monarch of Arizona 80
100 Monarch of Arizona SI
180 Monte Crlsto 2 20
100 Monte Crlsto 2 25
300 Occidental of ' "West Virginia 65
300 Occidental of West Virginia 64
100 Peerless - 9 00
8000 Petroleum Center 26
500 Petrolerum Center, b 30 28
" 500 Petroleum Center 27
250 Reed Crude Oil Co 69
1030 Reed Crude Oil Co 68
60 San Joaquln Oil and. Development.. 12 25
250 Sterling O & D Co 3 40
300 Sterling O & D Co, b SO 3 SO
300 Twenty-eight 3 32V»
600 West I»ake 22
Street— -
000 Lion Oil Co. b 20 \ 28
Afternoon Session.
Board— .
10O Bear Flag 46
100 Bear Flag .....' 43
50 Black Jack 180
600 Cala-Standard .... XI
3()0 Four OH Co .... — : 5« .
ltn Four Oil Co 55
DM Four Oil Co. s 60 1 53
• 6 Hanford 113 00
1 Hanford 113 00
. 60 Home Oil' .., 4 10
600 Independence .' 20
SCO Junction 89
200 Junction 90
110 Kern Oil Co 12 25
1400 Lion Oil Co 25
100O Lioa Oil Co, b 90.-... 23
100 Los Angeles O & T Co.....' 4 00
100 Los Angeles O & T Co 3 73
' 100 Los Angeles O & T Co 3 50
300 Monarch of Arizona .'. 80
2lf>0 Monarch of -Arizona 81
1000 Monarch of Arizona 82
200 Jfonte Cristo _ 2 25
25 Monte Crlsto ...>. 2 35
800 Petroleum Center 26
2000 Reed Crude Oil Co, s SO 67
1000 Reed Crude Oil Co; b 60 69
10O San Joaquln Oil and Development.. 12 00
100 San Joaquin Oil and Develpoment.. 11 73
100 Sterling Oil and Development Co.. 3 40
100 Sterling Oil and Development , Co.. '3 33
600 West Laka fi. 21
100 Yukon /?....".. 63
CLOSING QUOTATION3.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 23-2:30 n. m.
-, , MIXING STOCKS.
The following -were the sales In t_« Ban
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
_ ¦ • Mornhyr Eeesion.
100 Caledonia .. 631 300 Mexican 2S
60 Con Cal & Va..l t»| 500 Ophlr " C
100 Gould _ Curry. *l] 230 Potosl OS
1C0 Justice C7l 200 Savage IS
Afternoon Session. , .-¦
COO Belcher C9 100 Ophir . .... 85
2C0 Best 4: Belcher 2S 200 Poto«l 09
100 Caledonia ..'....' 65 £00 Savage 2u
1850 Con Cal & Va..l 70>300 Union Con...... JS
100 Ophlr :..... 64 .
The following —-ere ' the . sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:".
¦ Morning Eeesion.
400 Belcher ......... 09 600 Mexican so
800 Best & Belcher 24 $00 Mexican 31
650 Chollar 10 500 Ophlr ...; „ 62
600 C C & Va....l S7H 800 Savage v. • jj
2600 C C_V».;..;.1» 800 Savage .v. u
C C & Va .163 1E00 Sawi^o 20
300-Q C & V-....1 67H KOSeg Belcher.... 03
200 Gould & Curry- 40 500 Sierra Nevada. 10
:.700 Gould & Curry. 44 SCO Sierra Nevada. \ XI
.-400 GoulA & Curry. 45 400 Union Con 57
s SCO Gould A: Curry. 43 SCO Yellow Jacket.. IS
.200 Gould & Curry. 47
-" ' > . •'¦ Afternoon Session.'
, 200 Best & Belcher 23 300 Mexican -\ . 30
700/ C C & Va......l «3 400 Op>lr ..„; 04
1400 C C & Va 1 6P,i J00 P«tcsl 09
600 C;C & Va 1 "0 400 Savage .„.....-. _»
100 Gould & Curry. 47 500 Union Con...... n
300 Gould & Curry. "48 -
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
: ; "• ' WEDNESDAT. Jan. U— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. " Bid-Asjc
Alpha. - 03 « JusUee ....07 e»
Alta. .'..... ••03 Of Kentnck — .' : 01 ' 03
Andes ....V....'. 08 'M Lady - WaaiK... — €2
Belcher... CS 09 Mexican a tX
Best &' Belcher 23 24 Occidental 01 03
Bullion 02 04 Ophlr-.. ...*.. .64 e*
CaledonU ....... 65 66 Overman 18 11
Con: 18 13 PotosJ .........; OS 09
Chollar W' I* Savage .......... -20 21
Confidence 50 56 Scorpion :;.:... — 04
Con Cal & Va.'.l 65 1 70 Seg- .. Belcher OS 04
Con. Imperial. r. ' — 02 EMerra - Nevacla. 21 22
Con NewiTork.; 01^,02 SllvwHin.^.... 47 1 49
v Crowns Point.., .10/. Jl St Louis....;...: — no
Bureka. Con — . — 35 Standard ¦'.:.. .-.A 00 4 £0
Kxchequer .;... ; — .- 02 Syndicate ...... . 10
¦Gould & Curry. 45 ;46 Union Can.".....- 27 - a
Hale A'Nor.... 16 - IS I Utah ....;...... '¦ 05 -06
Vulla ........... — . OalTelloir Jack«t.. ; 15 i M
THE SAX FRANCISCO THURSDAY, .TAX IJ ART 24, 1901,
LONDON, .Jan, 23.— Silver,' 2SHd; French
rentes, lOZf -5c. „ , '
¦ LIVERPOOL, Jan; 23— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 4dif6s 4tfd; wheat In
Paris,- quiet; Flour, in Paris, i dull.
¦ J .- - ,'_ : -*'."."¦¦• *..~j ' . m <~ .
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, - Jan. , 23.— WHEAT — Quiet and
steady;, bluestem. 57*ic; club, 55c. :.-.'¦ •
Yesterday's grain : receipts In Tacoma were
it fcr largest* for any "day ..during the present
sfaln" season," the total' reaching 182 cars, of
which 178 $ver« wheat. It' is estimated there
aro now SCO cars of grain In -cars on the tracks
In the Northern Pacific- yard.
WASHINGTON
;''¦¦'¦ OREGON. - ¦ ¦ -
POUTUND, : 3£n. 23. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 64«^c ' >'•
• Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Jan. 23.— Clearings. *_«. 515;
balances, $52,166. " .i . •¦ . . ¦
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, , Jan. 23.— Cotton closed un
changed. /¦
New York Cotton Market.
tively. ' Pigiron warrants unchanged »t J^SO©
16 60; northern foundry,: *15®16 50.
Chicago Grain Market.
Weather Report.
RAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 23—5 p. m.
<_:oth Meridian— Pacific Tim*.)
The follow] ng are th» «wa*onal rainfall' to
£ete, as compared with those of same date
l£rt season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
~" Last 1 Tnl» L_«t
STATIONS. 14 Hour* I Season. Season.
Eureka I S0.I8 $S.4«
lied Bluff I .... ! 15.13 14. S3
facramento .... U.32 13.31
Fan Francisco ._ .... . 13.01 , 14. M
Kresno .... ".21 «.U
Independence .... «.53 2.09
Pan Luis Oblspo... 21.44 15. N)
I.os Anjrele* S.Tl «-67
Ban E>ifg» ) «.!» 1.60
P_a Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
€0: minimum. 46: mean, £3.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tha pressure has risen slowly during th*
past twenty-four hours over the prater portion
cf the country west of the Rocky Mountains.
It ia beginning to fall, however, slon* the
cart from Cape Blanco northward.
Except at Port Crescent there has been no
lain treat, of the Rocky Mountain*.
The temperature continues above the normal
throughout California and the weather i* gen
erally pleasant on the Pacific Coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight, January !4, 1S01:
Northern Caiifornia-rFair Thursday; lijrht
northerly wind? in the interior, southeasterly
en the coast-
Southern California — Fair Thursday; light
northerly winds."
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Vtah— Fair Thursday, light westerly winds.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
Pan Franciswo and vicinity— Fair Thursday,
with some cloudiness at night; light northerly
winds changing to southeasterly.
ALEXANDER G. McADlE,
Forecast Official.
PARIS,
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
LOCALS MARKETS.
STOCKS.
)
Bid. I Ask?d.
Buckhorn • «»
Burlington " __ «£
California-Standard 37. «
Caribou 52 Tx
El Dorado i 75 j £}
Four 55 .«.
Hanford. Fresno. Kern River. ' — . jj
g oin * ,••• • 4 19 4 15
Homestake _ jo f^ii
Independence ., 20 ft
g eru .-••, • • BOO 12 50
Kem RItw : woo 17 00
Lion Oil Co ¦ 23 ¦ J?
Los Angeles O & T Ox 4 00 4 J3
Monarch of Arizona g3
Black Jack 130 145*
Century — 60
Junction 92 -94
Queen Esther ; — go
33 Oil. Co 1150 —
Monte- Crlsto 2 25 —
Occidental of West Va a "_
Oil City Petroleum 33 50 • 34 50
Petroleum Center 25 js
Producers" & Consumers'...... — 11 CO
Reed Crude — 68^
Rex — — 45
Pan Joaquln O & D Co 11 73 11 87%
Sterling O & D Co..... 3 SO S 35
Sunset. Orlsrfnal .. : — 40
Twenty-eight 2 30 .2 32%
TVestlake ". 21 25
Westshore ....:.. 4 25 6 00
Yukon 54 — .
Central Point — s 00
Peerless' ~ — 9 po
Senator 2 25 2 50
Wolverine 1 60 1 70
STOCKS.
)
Bid. I Ask?d.
Buckhorn • «»
Burlington " __ «£
California-Standard 37. «
Caribou 52 Tx
El Dorado i 75 j £}
Four 55 .«.
Hanford. Fresno. Kern River. ' — . jj
g oin * ,••• • 4 19 4 15
Homestake _ jo f^ii
Independence ., 20 ft
g eru .-••, • • BOO 12 50
Kem RItw : woo 17 00
Lion Oil Co ¦ 23 ¦ J?
Los Angeles O & T Ox 4 00 4 J3
Monarch of Arizona g3
Black Jack 130 145*
Century — 60
Junction 92 -94
Queen Esther ; — go
33 Oil. Co 1150 —
Monte- Crlsto 2 25 —
Occidental of West Va a "_
Oil City Petroleum 33 50 • 34 50
Petroleum Center 25 js
Producers" & Consumers'...... — 11 CO
Reed Crude — 68^
Rex — — 45
Pan Joaquln O & D Co 11 73 11 87%
Sterling O & D Co..... 3 SO S 35
Sunset. Orlsrfnal .. : — 40
Twenty-eight 2 30 .2 32%
TVestlake ". 21 25
Westshore ....:.. 4 25 6 00
Yukon 54 — .
Central Point — s 00
Peerless' ~ — 9 po
Senator 2 25 2 50
Wolverine 1 60 1 70
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
i. ' "C» :. Stc-mers leavt Broadway
h^ \ wharf, San Francisco:
lk^h^_ For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
y*&3?£few jan - a » **• 3i » Fet> - *• charci *
t^>pL3^— k to company's iteamerj at Se-
B^geS %O For Victoria. Vancouver fB.
KKraakSS&i c '*> Port Tow usend. Seattle.
/TT^'^B^^Bi Tacoma. Evert-tt. Anacortcs.
and New Whatcom (Wa«h.) —
¦ '."'. -' 11 a. m., Jan. 21, 23. 31. Feb.
5.* and every ftth day thereafter. Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaafci
and O. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. i- at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt P-aj^-2 p. m.. J»n 1?.
», 28. Feb. 2. and every fifthiHy thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Kedondo fLos An-
gel*«) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Lul* Oblspo>. Gavi^ta.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hiieneme. San Pedro.
East' San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport —
Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. n_; steamrr
Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m. %
For Bnsenada. Masdalena Bay, San Jc- del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pnz. Banta Ro^all-»
and Guaymas <Mex. ) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to ch-in?»
steamers, salllnt: dates and hours of sallin;.
without pre— tous notice. .
TICICKT OPFICE-4 JT«w _Tonfgom«ry
street 'Palace Hotel>.
GOODALLs PERXtNS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
19 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R, & !.. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
3PO-=^TX._A.3Sr_D
From Soear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CipC $12 First Class Including Berth
Ir ni- S3 Second Class aod Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails Jan. 13. 23, Feb. 2
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Jan. H. 23
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Eut:«.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tlckrts to all points East.
; E. C. WARD. General Agent.
CO Market st.
AMERICAN LINE.
ir_w roar. Southampton, icsdoi?, pabii
Stopping at Cherbotffg. — -estbound.
From New j Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
VaderUnd Jan. 501 St. Louis Feb. S9
New Tork Feb. «| 2C«w Tork Feb. 27
Kensington Feb. 131 Vaderland ....March $
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwara.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Wewternland ...F«b. (I Frtesland Feb. 27
Kensington Feb. 13 Southwark ....March «
Noordland Feb. 23 Westerr.lasd".. March 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CAMPANT.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.'
Genera! Airent Pacific Coast.
30- Montgomery street.
TOYO EISEN KAISHA.
STEAilERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan stre-ts. at 1 d m
fbr YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, cal Una; at
Kobe (Hioso). NxKasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with stsamers Jot In-
dia, etc. No cargo received en board on d_T
of sallln_.
ES. HONGKONG MARC .V.
*• Thursday. JacAry "V«."_~.
SS. NIPPON MARU....i t .. l .....
Tuesday. February 13 1901
SS. AMERICA MARC. !7. ...
*¦ Friday. March 15. r«l
Rcund-trlp tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
4H Market street, corner First.
~j a W. H. AVERT. General Ag-Tit.
oceaBics.5.co.!i^ig
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New
Zealand and Australia
;'••'»'..; Th-rsday. January It. at X p. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. February 2. 2 p. n.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
; Friday. February S. 4 o. m.
I O.SPSEMEIS _ BEQS. CO., BsnaraJ Hjnts, 32? H_rist St
Iffl'l Pasia?!: OSta, 6« Hirtat St., f hr la. 7. P_s_-: St
PANAMA R. R.T^ (-
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Special Rcdnced Cabin Fare, $75.
S.S.ST. PAUL sails Jaanarj 29.
S. S.ROANOKE sails Fetor? 19.
From •wharf,. toot of Fremont »t.. at 2 p. m.
• Freight and passenger office. 3»» Market st.
F. F.. CONNOR. Pacifls Coast Affent
PACUIC STEAM 1TATISATI05 CO. A5-
C0X7A5IA SXTD AXXB.IC-1TA DE VA?033
: To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. . Csntral
•nd Bout- American ports. From foot of Fre-
; taont atreet. Sailing:
a S. GUATEMALA February 7. lttn
S. S. PALENA February 20. 1301
S. B COLOMBIA March T. i*)i
S & TUCAPEL .....March 20. »oi
These ateamera are built expressly fcr Cen-
tral and South American passenger »»rvlc«.
(Mo change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
I and p_ss»nwer office. 318 Calircrnla street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
COXPABHIS 6_5EKALB TBANBATLASTIQCS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAR13. jfw-w-*
bailing ercry Thursday, instead of <£* ??*$\
Saturday, at 15 a. m.. from Pier C, -^fe-is*
North RlTer. foot of Morton it— iet. First clan
to Havre. $53 and upward. Second class tn
Havre. S 15 and upward. GENERAL AGEXCY
FOR tTNITED STATES AND CANADA S3
Droadway (Hudson building). New Tork.' J
I F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agent* S
Montgomery avenue. San- Francisco, Ticket*
¦old by all R-lImai Ticket Ay-nts., ¦
BAY AND RIVES STEAMERS,
FCaU. ;S ; HAYY YA30 ANB^ALLEJoTi
days. lp.V and 8:30: to_?" «?»f _?"•_?";
fe^^^on^^ 1^^ 4^^Henry Barker, who was released by the
Supreme Court Tuesday oa a writ of ha
beas corpus after having been sentenced
to twenty-five years In Folsom Peniten
tary for robbery and serving seven years
of his sentence owing to a clerical error
in the commitment, celebrated his release
by retting drunk that night. During his
Incarceration his wife obtained & divorce
from him and Captain Seymour was no
tfied yesterday that he was searching for
her Tuesday night with a knife, intending
to kill her. He will probably be arrested.
Barker Wants £o KiU His "Wife.
Charged With, High-way Robbery.
C. A. Berkeley and Joe Morrtssey. who
claimed to be laborers, were Jailed early
this morning by Policemen Faraher and
CConnell on a charge of highway rob
bery. James Claffey of 109 Jessie street
being their alleged victim. Claffey says
one of the men gave him the "strong
arm" on Mission street, near Fourth
while the other rifled his pockets and took
J2 TO. John A. Swift, who rushed in to
help Claffey, was being beaten by the al
leged robbers when the offlcers came up.
Margaret Dillon Dies.
Margaret DIHob. a by oc
cvipatirss. who fell out of a window on
Pzdfle street in January 2, died at the
City and County KoFpital vesterday At
the time she fell Fhe broke her right
thigh bone. This with a broken-down
constitution resulted in her death. The
body was removed to the Morgue. The
funeral will be held under th«s auspices of
the Toccf Ladles* Institute.
OAKLAND. Jan. 23.— Frederick Buys, a
miner, was electrocuted this afternoon
while he was working in a tunnel at the
Tesla coal mines. No one witnessed the
accident.
It Is supposed that Buys was struck or
that he inadvertently touched one of the
heavy wires used in conducting the cur
rent f o rthe operation . of the mine ma
chinery, i ¦"%.'
His body was found by other miners,
and upon the arms were the marks of con
tact with the highly charged cable. Not
less than 1500 volts were carried on the
wires which caused Bays" death. The
body was taken in charge by the company
officials. Coroner Mehrmann was notified
this evening of the fatality. An inquest
will be held at Livermore. The dead
miner was 33 years old and unmarried. .
FREDERICK BUYS "KTT.liTZn
IN TESLA COAL MINE
The regular annual ele<-tion of the offi
cers of the T'nicn Iron Works was held
Tuesday morning. H. T. Scott, presi
dent arid treasurer: Irving M. Scott, vice
rresider.i jLnd general manager: J. O'B.
Gur.r.. s«»cretary; O. W. Dickie, manager,
and Director* G. W. Prrccott, E. L. Grif
fith ar.d P. N. Lllienthal were all re-elect
ed. H. T. Scott and Irving M. Scott were
e!«^te«l to *uce*^d themselves on the
board cf directors.
Usicn Iron Works Election.
Benjamin Cohen, the proprietor of a
second-hand clothing store at 157 Third
street, Fent a bullet into his head in the
rear of -the store yesterday afternoon.
Cohen lived with his wife and five chil
dren at 72SV= Howard street, and. accord-
Ing to his wife, had been threatening to
ena his life for the past eight years when
ever things went wrong with him. The
wounded man was sent to the Receiving
Hospital and from there to Mount Zion
Hospital.
Sends Bullet Into His Head.
ver, mine was discovered In the northern
part' of this county a few week* a$o and
developments that are being made have
shown it to be one of the richest in the
State. D. H. Thome Is the discoverer and
outside capital has bonded the mine tec
CALISTOGA. Jan. 23.— A new quicksil-
Quicksilver Mine Discovered.
DENVER. Jan. 23. — Queen Bess, a little
fox terrier, has not neglected her oppor
tunities to study surgical operations. Bess
became an attache of the police surgeon
when, about a year ago. she staggered
into, the City Hall to die. She had been
poisoned. Dr. Miller saved her life with
a stomach pump. She is the especial pro
tege of Driver McClanathan. and two
weeks ago while running with the ambu
lance one of the horses stepped on her
left hind foot. The calk of the shoe near
ly cut the foot off.
The- police surgeon sewed up the cut
and bandaged It. Be*« limped about, but
was not satisfied. A week ago Driver Mc-
Clanathan found that she had torn off the
bandages and was busy biting off the in
lured member. Her teeth crushed the
bone and at length the foot dropped to
the floor. Bess stopped the bleeding with
her tongue. In a few days the wound
healed, and now BM3 is as sound as ever.
The amputation of the foot Is as clean as
if done with a surgeon's knife.
FOX TERRIER AMPUTATES
HER OWN INJURED FOOT
DENVER. Colo., Jan. *3.— The choir
girls of St. Mark's Episcopal Church went
on a strike Monday and succeeded In
coaxing the men* to Join them. A sub
stitute choir was hastily made up of girls
from Wolfe Hall, the Episcopal school In
Denver.
The chief cause of the strike is the re
moval of Organist Dingley Brown, now in
Kalamazoo. Mich. Rector Houghton of
SU Mark's says that Mr. Brown was re
moved to make place for a precentor who
could play the organ and assist the rector
in his church work too. The other reason
is a report that the rector said privately
that he wanted a "real choir"— thai those
engaged were "weil enough to flll In,"
but that he would like to have some ling
ers. *
A week ago the choir girls removed
their vestments from the church and last
Sunday morning the men did the same,
the twenty-one members of the choir
pledging themselves never to sing In St.
Mark's again. One of the strikers Is a
niece of the rector.
ist and to Criticism by the
Rector.
Object to the Removal of the Organ-
PRETTY CHOIR GIRLS GO
OTJT ON A STRIKE
SHANGHAI. Jan. 2) (delayed in trans
mission).—The British gunboat Plover,
which was sent to the Blonde Islands,
eastward to Ltd Tung, to suppress the
pirates whose depredations upon native
craft were becoming serious, has succeed
ed In destroying the offending piratical
junk*.
In connection with this matter Vice Ad
miral Alieff. the Russian commander has
written to Vice Admiral Seymour, in com
mand of the English naval forces, claim
ing that inasmuch as the islands are In
Russian territory the British action was
unwarranted. He expressed a hope that
Vice Admiral Seymour would view the
matter in the same light. Vice Admiral
8eymour replied to the effect' that though
he. knew that Port Arthur and Tallenwan
were in Russian territory he did not
know that this was _ the case regarding
these inlands and that be was therefore
unable to coincide with Vice Admiral
AliefTs views and that he could only re
fer the question to his Government. Vice
Admiral Seymour thinks that the Russian
pretensions to . islands miles from Port
Arthur ought not to be allowed. If ad
mitted it i» the opinion of the British
naval commander it would almost nat
urally follow that Russia would claim the
NIa Tao group, lying, much nearer and
extending across tha gulf of Pechill. thus
giving Russia complete control of the
navigation of the gulf. - .
RUSSIA CLAIMS ISLANDS
' OFF PORT ARTHUR
Dutra had control of the books and
finances and had been spending- money
rather freely of late, it is said. He is be
lieved to be in San Leandro. '
The Holy Ghost Society |? a religious
organization. It is officially known as
the Sociedade de Vivlno Esplrito Santo
No. 1. under which name it is incorpo
rated. It is composed of Spanish and
Portuguese and conducts the big annual
festival of the Holy Ghost held at Mts
slon San Jose each year.
MISSION SAN JOPE. Jan. 23.— P. I.
Dutra, secretary cf the Holy Gho*»t So
ciety of this place. Is missing and with
him has gone about $500 of the funds of
the society. Dutra h&s not been seen for
some days and the directors of the society
held a meeting on Sunday to find out
what had happened. Dutra could not be
found, and as he had the books with him
the directors were unable to learn any
thing about his accounts. They have un
dertaken to find out how much each mem
ber of the society has paid and will In thi*
way ultimately learn the extent of their
loss. It I* estimated that it will amount
to from im to fc»0.
er Books K"or Money.
F. I. Dutra Disappears From Mis-
sion San Jose and Leaves Neith-
HOLY GHOST SOCIETY'S
SECRETARY IS MISSING
On next Sunday, at the 10:3) o'clock
mass, the Rev. Marshall I. Boarman. S. J.,
of Chicago, will preach the opening ser
mon of a two weeks' mission to be given
in St. Ignatius Church. The two fathers
secured for this work, the Rev. Eugene
Magevney. S. J.. and the Rev. Marshall
Boarman. fi. J.. are widely known
throughout the East and South aa zealous
and eloquent preachers. The evening ser
vices of the first week will be exclusively
for ladies and of the second week for
gentlemen. The morning and afternoon
services of both weeks will be for all.
The daily order of exercise* will be as
follows: At 3:30 a. m.. mass and short
instruction: 9 a. m., mass and practical
sermon: 3:30 p. rn.. stations of the cross;
7:30 p. m.. rosary, lecture and benediction.
All persons of whatever denomination are
cordially invited to attend.
Fathers Boarman and Magevney are
stopping at St. Ignatius Church prepara
tory to the work of conducting the mis
sions In this city and State. They have
been engaged to open a mission in the
c&thedral parish.
Grand Mission at St. Ignatius.
the Pr«*5idio S5 yearn ago. All his life
had been sp«?T:t at military posts.
Th^rr.zs Powers, private. Company M.
F^rtv-sixth Ir.far.try. died yesterday at
the General Hospital.
Provisional Battalion Fully Equipped
and Almost Ready for Regi
mental -Formation.
T"-<^ command of the First and Second
PrOttdoeal Battalions was assumed by
ESOm y*?t<?rday. He appointed
Lieutenant Wolf reptrr.erjtal adjutant.
Arms Br.d arr.rr.un'.tion were distributed to
the men cf the S*rnnd Battalion and they
w'll row be er.aV.M to indulge in target
practice and daily drills In the manual of
arm?. Th" recruits win EO on be ready
for reeimental formation.
Inspector Gfr.f ral Mau? paid an ofscial
v!r!t to the Pre«idlr> y»?ter^ay and ordered
S3SJB00 of tentage in the casual camp con
c?mr.ed.
Cornelius Harrczn. m*s*pr.ger in the
CjUartnTnastPr'? department, died of con
futt:ration at h!.« father's resie>r.ce near
th» Presidio y«»««»rda>\ He was bom at
COLOXEL ELLIS ISSUES
ASMS TO THE HTCRTJITS
Rodermund has b<?en expelled from the
Business Men'3 Club. Two of his children
have been excluded from the public
school, his son had been excluded from
college and he and his family shunned
by all. Indignation Is high and if other
cases of smallpox break out they will be
charged to him and violence is feared.
The secretary of the Wisconsin Board
of Health has be^n sent for and will ar
rive to-morrow. In the meantime there
are ominous murmurings and a general
demand for a shotgun quarantine against
Rodermund. which Is likely to follow to
morrow.
APPLETON. TVIs.. Jan. 23.— Appleton is
wiid with indignation and fear over the
action of a hitherto reputable physician,
who, with deliberate Intention, exposed to
smallpox contagion scores of people In
this city and Green Bay.
The physielatt is Dr. M. J. RodermurM.
an eye and ear specialist, who has long
enjoyed local notoriety through his denial
of the germ theory of disease and the
contagiousness of any disease whatso
ever. He has just published a book in
support of his theory-
Last week a case of smallpox was dis
covered here. Rodermund seized upon
this case as a chance to prove his theor
ies. Upon his own confession he went to
the Quarantined house, rubbed hfs hands
over the postules on the patient until they
broke. then smeared virus over hi? nands,
face and clothes. He then went home to
his family, ate supper, and later went to
the Business Men's Club, where he played
cards until a late hour, taking pains to
rub against and put his hands on as many
people as possible. This was on Monday
afternoon and evening. Tuesday, with
out having washed or fumieated himself.
he went to Green Bay. where he met
many patients and others.
News of this wholesale exposure did not
leak out until to-day upon his return from
Green Bay. A meeting of the City Board
of Health was called, but they found
there is a doubt of the legal organization
of the beard. The best legal advise tells
them they have no legal remedy against
Rodermund.
Action of Ehysician to Te3t
Theories Anent Con-
EXPOSES SCORES
TO SMALLPOX
There Is a criminal named William Reno
now in jail, where he has been at various
times for the greater part of twenty-two
years. The theory of Mr. Unger Is that
Hall and Reno got Into a row and Reno
struck Hall. Physicians say that cancer
of the breast may be caused by a Wow.
Dr. Hamilton Williams, who performed
the autopsy on Hall and found death due
to cancer of the breast. Raid there were
no marks of violence on the body of 'the
woman.
Mr. Unger said that at about the time
named Hall entered his oclce in the com
pany of William Reno and was arrested
on the charge of offering "straw bail."
Hall was intoxicated. Mr. Unger says
Hall was sent to prison by Recorder Goff.
A week later Hall was liberated at the In
stance of Goff. who found that the charge
was unfounded.
Mr. Unger sent the letter to the office of
the Coroner and District Attorney Phll
bln was Informed. He said that he would
await the result of the inquest before
taking: action.
This action, if taken, will be the result
of a letter found a day or two ago by
Henry W. Unger, formerly an Assistant
District Attorney, among some old docu
ments, and which Mr. Unger thinks was
sent to him at the District Attorney's Of
fice in the latter part of November. 1S3S.
In the letter, which expressed gratitude
to Mr. Unger. Hail said: "I have been
most cruelly disabled for life by that
wicked villain William Reno, who drug
ged and sandbagged me after robbing me
of what money I had about me and
brought me into your office to make a
show of me. I have never recovered.
Every week of my life I have severe
bleeding attacks, which render me almost
useless."
NEW, YORK. Jan. 23.— From the death
in this city a few weeks ago of Murray
Hall, who, although a woman, had posed
for thirty years as a man. sensational de
velopments may result. It is possible that
an investigation will be made for the pur
pose of determining if the affliction from
which Hall died was due to an Injury In
flicted by another person.
Sensation May Develop
Prom • the Extraor-
T0 PROBE CAUSE
OF HALL'S DEATH
A cla« In the Japanese language, con
ducted by Yoshisaburo Kuno, M. S., as
sistant In Japanese, will meet on Tuesday
and Friday evenings at 7:30 o'clock, be
ginning Fridav evening. January 23, at
the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
A class in Cantonese, conducted by Wal
ter For.g. A. B.. assistant In Chinese at
the university, will meet on Monday and
Wednesday evenings at 7:15 o'clock, be
ginning January 16. at the Y. M. C. A.
Requests for information should be ad
dressed to Mrs. May L. Cheney, secretary
for university extension. University of
California. Berkeley. All these lectures
will be free to the public
Dr. E. C. Moore of the department of
philosophy will give nine lectures on "The
History of Education," at 10:J) o'clock on
Saturday mornings, beginning January
C5. in the San Francisco State Normal
School building on Powell street, near
Sacramento. His subjects ¦will be: <1)
"The Educational Theorists of Greece,"
(2) "The Schools of Greece." (3) "Educa
tion at Rome." f4) "Some Teaching In
stitutions of the Early Church." <3> "The
Schools of the Monasteries." (8) "The Ed
ucational Reforms of Charles the Great."
(7) "The Schools of the Arabs." (S) "Edu
cation Among the Jews." (9) "The Begin
nings of the Modern Period."
Assistant Professor W. D. Armes will
give six lecture? on "The History of Mod
ern Poetry." at 4 o'clock Friday after
noons, beginning March 22. In the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art. His subjects
will be as follows: U) "Colonial and Rev
olutionary Poetry." <2> "The Poetry of the
Middle States." IZ) 'The Poetry of New
England." (4> "The Poetry of New Eng
land." (5) "The Poetry of the South," (8>
"The Poetry of the West."
Lincoln Hutchinson will deliver six lec
tures at the Mark HoDkins Institute of
Art at fi o'clock Friday evenings, begin
ning January 25. on "The Growth of Amer
ican Foreign Trade." The lectures will be
as follows: (1). Introductory lecture.
"Commerce and Civilization"; f2> "Amer
ican Shipping and Carrying Trade." (3)
"The Balance of Trade and National Wel
fare." (4) "Where We Trade and What
We Trade." (5> "Fair Trade. Free Trade
ar.d Reciprocity," (?) "Trade and the
Flag."
Adolph C Miller, professor of finance
at the University of Chicago, will speak
in the Y. M. C. A. building. In San Fran
cisco, on Tuesday evening. March 5. on
"Trusts — Their Causes and Advantages";
on March 12 on "Trusts— Thrtr Evils and
Remedies."
BERKELEY. Jan. 3.— The University
of California extension lectures to be
given this term in Berkeley and San Fran
cisco were announced to-day.
Five lectures on the general topic of
"The Practice of Diplomacy" will be de
livered by John W. Foster. Secretary of
State in President Harrison's Cabinet and
at different times Minister to Mexico.
Spain and Russia. Special Commissioner
to Spain. Germany, Santo Domingo and
other countries and agent of the United
States In the Bering Sea negotiations with
Great Britain. Mr. Foster will lecture
twice en "The Duties and Immunities of
Diplomatic Representatives/' twice on
•The Negotiation and Execution of Trea
ties" and once on "Consuls." The lec
tures will be Illustrated by the practice
existing under the Government of the
United State*. The course will be given
in Berkeley between March 14 and V).
Courses to Ee Given This
Term in San Francisco
and Berkeley.
EXTENSION WORK
OF UNIVERSITY
Hllder E. Ringriolm. >2» Pine street, ap
pear*-1 y<-fore Judge Conian yesterday on
a eharpe of assault with a deadly weapon
ar.fl the case was continued till Monday.
The complaining witness is Dr. W. c.
Hari:rc. a deritist. who lives In the house.
About 1 o'clock yesterday morning Police-
Ear. Div* Murphy rn«:t Hardine at Sutter
and PcweU streets. He did not have his
coat or hat en and blood was running
frrrra a wound In his scalp. He told the
that R:reh<i*m had hit him on the
head with a bottle. A few days ago
Hani'.ng was arrested en ccnsplalr.t of
RiBsboua'a mother on a charge of dis
turblrit th* p^aee and the case was dis-
TT.ifSCj.
\Y alter Jer^r-sen. the pretended ranch
er from the East, was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Conian
yesterday on a. charge of burglary in Ji?>»'«
r-onds for breaking into a room at 502
Tayicr street on January IK There are
Other burglary ch.irjr^ against him.
John Shaur. alias Shaw, alias Harry
HufT. who has been pasFin^r numerous Sc
:-:-* oiK-rk* ija »jhion-kefpfr» and oth
ers, was hold to answer before the Su
penar Court by Ju<ig* Mogan yesterday
La *."•" : I :.- for passing a. check on Hen
ry Pratp^. saloon-keeper. 7 East street.
Two cth^r charjres against hfm m-ere on
dnsed, ar.d if he pleads guilty in the Su
; - - Cmot they will be dismissed.
Th» charge of threats apainst life pre
ferred by Leon Naviet. saloon-ke*per.
O^ary ar.d Ma^on streets, against Maud
¦.airdresser. Geary street, was dis
missed by Judge M^gan yesterday. Nav
let failed to «ff t ¦ at the last three call-
Ir.gs i i the case and it was evident he did
rot war-.' to prosecute her.
J'hr. Robots, a discharged sailor from
the revenue cutter Marjciryr. was held to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Cahaniss yesterday os a charge of
usoit with a deadly weapon in $1000
xm&a, He went into the store of Albert
Hs.m:ltor.. Ninth and Folsom streets, and
crj-:..-! for a glass of b«er. "As Hamilton
turned round to draw the be*r Roberts
t-.r-j.rk him on the back of the head with
£ bottle. Hamilton was stunned by the
blow for a moment, but s»on recovered
and yelled for help, which led to Roberts'
arrest. He had no money on him when
searched and it was supposed his object
was robberr-
:>i€n Accused of Burglary and Other
Crimes Will Have to Stand
TriaL
OIFE!.*DEBS HELD 1ST
THE POLICE COURTS
MISS BERTHA ISABEL FOOTE. WHO IS TO MARRY STANLEY JACK
SOX. SHE IS THE DAUGHTER OF W. W. FOOTE. ATTORNEY, ASD
HAS JUST RETURNED FROM ABROAD.
The at home and installation of the of
ficers of Young- Ladles'- Institute. No. 7.
which had been arracsjfd for last evening 1
in Loyola Hall at Tenth and Market
streets, was postponed without date on
account of the death ,cf Margaret Delia,
one of the members.
•'At Home"' Postponed.
The cal*> of single seats for the coming
Hensrh*»rE recitals at Metropolitan Tem
ple r.rxt month will open Monday morn
ing next at Sherman & Clay's music store.
The lady barbers and amateur nieht
are the day's special attractions at the
Chutes and Zoo.
Fischer's present Hanlon and Singer,
Ida Howeil. Waterman sisters, little Alma
Wuthrich. Hal Conlett and Ahem and
Patrick, in a good bili this week.
Th» Orpheum has an exceptionally good
bill this weelc The wonderful baby ele
phants, good music by the Montmartrois
trio ar.d the Schumann Ladies' Quartet;
Euger.e O'Rourke and others.
Lila Convere. !n "Sweet Lavender." has
received an appreciative welcome on her
reappearance this week at the Alcazar
Theater. "All the Comforts of a Home"
will follow.
"The Star Boarder." with its bright spe
cialties and comedians and dancers, is fill
ing the Alhambra Theater nightly with
a lavishly amused crnwd. On Sunday aft
ernoon Murray and Mack make their ap
pearance In the farcical extravaganza.
"Shooting the Chutes."
"Darkest Russia'" :? the programme at
the Central Theater and is pleasing the
melodramatically inclined with Its hair
breadth 'scapes and the several thrills in
which the play abounds. "A Celebrated
Case." with James M. Ward. Irish come
dian, will follow.
"The Fencing Master" $? doine excel
lent business at the Tlvoli Opera-house
this weeV. The pretty opera is well put
on. particularly the charmlne Venetian
scene In the second act. and the various
Tivoll favorites have all trood opportuni
ties. Maude Williams is heard and seen
t^> better advantage than ever before here.
Webb and Hartman are delightful In the
comedy scenes; Tom Greene has good
songs." weil sung, and Tom Guise. Annie
Myers and Julie Ootte ar<- all well cast.
MIDWEEK XOTES OF
THE VARIOUS THEATERS
'•Becky Sharp*' the Most Important
Event of the "Weak — "Fencing
Master" Is Popular.
The most important theatrical attrac
tion of the week, as it is also one of the
most notable dramatic events of the year.
is Mrs. Flske's performance of Becky
Sharp at the California Theater. Her im
personation is clever in the extreme, the
play itself is of unusual Interest and the
house is crowded with appreciative audi
ences e\er>* evening. "Becky Sharp" will
continue to be the bill next week. "Tess"
will be produced the third week of the
engagement.
• Miss Lillian HewWt and Hamilton S.
Elliott were married last niffht at tbe
home of the bride's parents. 3d Rlncon
place, the Rev. John A. B. Wilson offi
ciating-. It was a very pretty wedding.
Miss Katie V.'eil was bridesmaid and
Mr. Clark groomsman. Miss Hewlett Is
the daughter of Edward P. Hewlett, a
capitalist, and Mr. Elliott Is a member of
the firm of Elliott Bros., grocers, Third
and Folsom streets.
Elliott-Hewlett 'Wedding.
OAKLAND. Jan. 23.— The weddin?
of Miss Bertha Isabel Foote, the
daughter of W. W. Foote. and
Stanley Jackson will take place
to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock
at the residence of W. W. Foote In this
city. Owing to the recent death of the
grroom's father and of the bride's mother
the wedding: will be very quiet and only
a few relatives and Immediate friends will
be present. The ceremony will be per
formed by the Rev. William Carson Shaw,
rector of the Church of the Advent of
East Oakland.
Miss Bertha Foote has but recently re
turned from the Parts Exposition and a
trip around the world. The engagement
with Mr. Jackson has existed for about
a year, having been entered into before
Miss Foote left for the Orient on her way
around the elobe.
The bride is the daughter of VT. W.
Foote and is w*ll known in society upon
both sides of the bay and wherever her
father is known. Miss Foote has been
the constant companion of her father,
particularly since the death of Mrs.
Foote.
Stanley Jackson is the son of the late
John P. Jackson, Collector of the Port
and owr.er of the Xapa Soda Springs
property. He is now engaged in the prac
tice of law in San Francisco. Mr. Jack
son graduated from the University of Cal
ifornia with the class of 1S34.
Wedding of Miss Bertha Foote and Stanley Jackson to Occur at
Her Father's Home Will Be Quiet One Owing to the
> Recent Death of Her Mother. *
ATTORNEY IS TO MARRY
DAUGHTER OF ATTORNEY
Forbes is well known In political circles
and took a prominent part prior to the
last elections in the councils of the
Citizens' Republican party, havir.p been
secretary of the County Committee.
Seme years aro he was Prosecutine At
torney in the late Judpe Campbell's
court, and had aspirations of becoming:
a Police Jud^e.
Mclr.tyre alleges that on August 11 last
h<» rai'i Forbes, in th* presence of his
friend Burfeind. the KC'X which Forbes
asT«<3 to repay in the event of not beinR
able to secure the position on the force.
Mclntyre waited a reasonable time and
was then put off by Forbes, he say?. He
has r.ot yet gat the position nor the
money. He would have preferred the dis
tinction of wearing the blue coat with
bras« buttons, but as he cannot pet it
be wants Forbes punished for h!s alleged
cfTer.se.
Mclntyre had an ambition to be a po
liceman! and he made his friend. Henry
BurMnd. a well-known dairyman, ac
quainted ¦with the fact. Burfelnd was a
mercl'er of the Citizens' Republican party,
and he to!d Forbes, who was a member
of the county governing committee of the
party, n* Mclntyre's wish. A meeting
wa.« arraneed ar.d Forhes informed Mc-
I^tvr-" that he had sufficient influence to
F«cure a position for him on the force.
but it required money. He suggested $9X)
a«s the amount which he would have to
pay to some persons whom he declined
to name, according to Mclctyre's allega-
R. Mclntyre. Ilvir.e at McAllister and
Flllmore stre^rs. swore to a complaint in
Judpe Cabur.Iss" court yesterday for the
arrest of Attorney Charles H. Forbes on
a charge of felony embcizlement. He was
accompanied by his attorney. W. F. Staf
ford.
Complainant Alleges He Gave Kim
a Star.
S6OO With Understanding
He Was to Eeceive
Attorney Charles H. Fprbes
Is Charged With Em
bezzlement.
McINTYRE FAILS
TO SECURE PLACE
High Seas Ceremony Which Bound
Her to Albert T. Church For
rnnily Declared Illegal £7
Sensational Elopement,
to Wed L. 0. Harris.
TUGBOAT BRIDE
TO MARRY AGAIN
Angle Foster, Heroine of
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Ilia Broadway. Jan. S3.
"It is the judgment of this court that
you be taken to the State penitentiary at
Folsom and be there imprisoned for the
term of forty-flre years."
In these words Judge Greene this morn-
Ing brought to a close the quiet trial re
sulting in the conviction of "Buck Eaton" |
of a crime for which burning at the stake
has of late been In vogue in some commu
nities. The prisoner, whose light came li ]
"William Eden, clutched at the table be- I
fore which he stood as he heard the ap
palling sentence Imposed by the court,
then turned and staggered to where his
a The S assault for which Eden has received ;
practically a life term was committed in
West Oakland last spring. MUs Martha
McGraw, the victim, was returning from
church SI a late hour when she was at
tacked by thre« men. all of whom she rec
ognized. The next day the police arrested
two young men named Cronln and Keat
ing on warrants sworn to by Miss Mc
'Graw. Eden, against whom a complaint
was also lodged, made his escape and
was not arrested for several weeks. He
was traced to Butte. Mont, and taken
into custody by the offlcers there.
Keating was tried first, but the Jury dis
agreed. Eden's trial followed and
Cronin's case is now before the court.
Before delivering sentence Judge Greene
solemnly charged the prisoner to mend his
ways.
•The crime of which you have been
convicted," he eaid. "Is a peculiarly hein
ous one and Justly regarded with the
greatest abhorrence among all civilized
peoples. The sentence which I shall im
pose will no doubt be regarded as too
lenient by many on that account- I have
considered the case In its different
aspects to the best of my ability and have
endeavored to act wisely. The sentence
designedly leaves you the opportunity to
reform after its termination and to fulSll
in a measure your duty to yourself and
to your fellow men." Then followed tne
sentence.
Eden will be able, if he receives full
credit for good behavior, to reduce his
term to a month less than twenty-seven
years.
Just after the prisoner had been taken
from the court it was discovered that
there was a slight error In the proceed
ings. Judge Greene ordered Eden brought
back, had the sentence stricken otit and
then rectified the mistake and reimposed
sentence. -.
NO SCIENCE IS SHOWN
BY AMATEUR BOXERS
Police Stop Some Bouts at Bay City
Athletic Club to Avert a Pos
sible Tragedy.
Science was thrown to the winds last
night at the "amateur" boxing exhibition
given by the Bay City Athletic Club. The
contestants slugged each other Into insen
sibility and the large crowd that filled
the gymnasium was satisfied. A number
of the men who were scheduled to take
part were barr*>d because they were
known to b^ professional fighters. The
balance of the card was made up of box
ers who have fought for "trophies" dur
ing the past year and are looked upon as
bona-fide amateurs.
"Kid" Chinner settled Jack Murry*s as
pirations in the third round: Frank Neil
was entitled to a decision over "Young"
Jack Kane, but he disirieosed the crowd
by hitting hi* opponent while he was
helpless on the ropes. The Judges called
it a draw. A youth who sails under the
title of "Sailor Shaxkav" ard a would-b»
rcrapper named Bell mauled each other
for four rounds. Joe Butler tried conclu
sions with Ed Nichols. Nichols won m
the third. Bob Thomr.son made Pat Mal
loy quit in the second and Sergeant To
bin stopped the bout between Archie Dean
and Nobble Otts in the third round.
George Fuller -was outclassed and was
knocked out by Frank Wail - in three
rounds.
¦ ? «
GEORGE McFADDEN
AITD HAWKINS MATCHED
Twentieth Century Club Signs Both
Fighters for the February
The Twentieth Centurv Athletic Club
has at last worked it3 way out of the dif
ficulties attendant upon matching" two
fighters for its February date. John
Gleason. president cf the Century Club.
received word last meM from New York
that George McFadden had been sismed
to flght on February ZS with Dal Haw
kins.
Hawkins was signed In this city. Th-*
agreement reads for a flgrht on Februarv
2S. both men to weijh in at 133 pounds.
As a second attraction the Century Club
Is looking for "Kid" MeFadden and Mor
ris Rausch at 115 pounds.
Olympic Handball.
The Olympic handball tournament ad
vanced a peg last ntSBt toward comple
tion.
Henry Rus3 beat A. Duffy. 21— 17 and
Zl— 9. F. Butz beat P. Newman, Zl— 12.
13—21 and 21—16.
DEATH KNELL SOUNDS
FOB LOTTERY SCHEME
Only Three Nevada Senators Cast
Their Votes in Favor of the
Project.
CARSON. Jan. C3.— Before the lottery
advocates could gather themselves to
gether, to-day the anti-lottery men in the
Senate placed in action the Wilson joint
resolution prohibiting a lottery. Senator
Williams Introduced the measure and af
ter a lengthy argument pro and con it
passed by a vote of 12 to 3. The lottery
men seem disheartened by the decided
action of both houses. It was not be
lieved the question would be rushed to a
climax, and the quick action completely
upset the plans of the men back of the
scheme. .
Will Fight the Suit.
WILLIAMS. Jan. 23. — At the mass meet
ln<*- of the taxpayers of the Central Irri
gation District to-day the action- recently
Instituted against the Central Irrigation
District by the Atlantic. Gulf and Pacific
Company in the United States Circuit
Court at San Francisco to recover S73.773
due the bondholders on interest coupons
was discussed. A resolution that an ap
pearance and defense arainst the action
should be made was unanimously adopted,
as was also a resolution that the Central
Irrigation District Defense Association
take full charge of all legal matters in
behalf of the taxpayers of the district.
Two Klondike 3Oners Killed.
VICTORIA, Jan. a— Frank Swope and
J. Levy, two miners, who have been work
ins * claim on Hunker Creek, in the Klon
dike district, met a terrible death prior
to January 14. according to dispatches of
that date received from Dawson by the
Cottape City. They were sinking a shaft
and were engaged in lifting out the earth
with buckets and windlass, they being at
the bottom of the shaft, when suddenly
the shaft caved in and they were burled
beneath tons of earth. Their bodies were
recovered.
Bobbers Bald a Saloon.
NORTH YAK1MA. Jan. 21-Three men
armed with revolvers entered Shaxdlow'a
saloon at 1 o'clock this mornlnjc. held up
Bartender Hemfer and robbed the drawer
of HW. They also obtained J70O from Py
burn and Mabry. who were runnlnjj ram
bling games in a rear room. These thrre
were the only men in the place at the
time. The robbers went from Shaxdlows
to Pete Aeor's barn and took a team and
buggy. They were not masked and the
victims could Identify them IX thev are
I cauzhC
Oakland OHce Pan Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. Jin. 22.
Angie May Foster, who flycred a* the
school-girl heroine of a romantic tugboat
elopement and marriage to Albert T.
Church, nephew of George W. McNear.
the wheat kin?, four years, ayo. is to wed
Leslie Carl Harris of San Francisco, her
former marriage having been annulled
Late to-night a license was Issued to Har
ris by Deputy County Clerk David Sin
clair. The young man la 23 years old and
a native of New Orleans. Miss Foster is
now 3) years of ag-. She and young
Church were schoolmates about the same
Ag* when the affair cf the tugboat oc
curred. They went to Honolulu after th«
runaway marriage, but upon their return
the young brida and groom were sepa
rated. The boy husband was taken ia
charge by his mother. Mrs. Sara.h J.
Cnurch. and sent East to an educational
Institution at Boston. During his absence
Mrs. Church was appointed her son's legal
guardian. In that capacity she brought
a suit In the Superior Court for the an
nulment of the marriage, the ground be
ing that the young man was rot of legal
age and that the marriage on the higa
seas was lllegaL-
The decree of annulment was stsrsed De
cember 9, laSS.
HOBACE O. PLATT CHOSEN
TO DELIVER OBATTOSr
Will Eulogize Chief Justice Marshall
Before the Bar Association
cf Oregon^
Horace G. PTatt. the well known law
yer and post-prandial orator, has accept
ed the Invitation of the Oresron State Bar
Association to deliver the oration at the
exercises to commemorate the anniver
sary of John Marshall's appointment as
Chief Justice of the United States, which
will be celebrated on February 4 through
out the United States.
The Bar Association of San Francisco
•win celebrate the occasion with a ban
quet at which eulogistic speeches will be
made.
Chief Justice Marshall wa« appoi-ted to
his honorable ofSce en January a. 1501,
but did not take his seat until Febru
ary 4.
Grtan Dies at St. MarVa.
The remains of Her.ry Oriffla. who died
at St. Mary'a Hcsplta'. yesterday, were
taken to the Morgue. Grinn was a
patient at the Receiving Hospital on De
cember 31, where he was treated for de
lirium tremens. He waa discharged as
cured on January 2. but on groins to h!s
home at 771 Howard street resumed diir.k-
Inr. A few days lat-r h!s friends s#nt
him to St. Mary's. While delirious at the
hospital he said he had be«n clubbed bv
pome one. claimins 1 a large bruise ontis
lee was thus ir.SIcted. Blood poisorilng
may have caused his death, which will be
determined by an autopsy.
Arnell Boy»* Mother Found
Mrs. Curtis E. Smith, mother cf tr.a
three boys. Harry. Ear! and Leo Arre'.I.
who arrived from St. Joseph. Mo.. Tues
day morninsr In care of the Chief cf Police,
called at th#» City Prison yesterday u ">m-
Ing to see them. She has been separated
from Smith for some time and has been
supporting herself. At present sae is
employed as cook in a. convent schooi at
San RafaeL She said she was not able
to support the cWIdrei: and by instruc
tions of Chief Sullivan the two your.?e»t
boys were taken by Corporal Anthony to
the Girls' Directory and Harry, the oldest
boy. to the Youths' Directory.
Sustains Florence Moore's Demurrer
Judjfe Hunt has sustained a demurrer
Interposed by the- defendant In the action
instituted by Hiram A. Uimxfa agalr.st
Florence- Blythe-Hlnckley-Moore to r.uier
tltle to a portion of the Blythe Block at
Market. Geary and Kearrty streets, and tr>
enforce the provisions of an alleged l»aw
for another pcrtJon and to quiet title t>>
other lands In the Interior of the State, ta
which the defendant claims title. Tha
demurrer was sustained on account of tha
ambleulty of the plair.tirTs complair.t.
The plaintiff is given ten days In which
to amend his t>leadln;rs.
Three Insolvency Petitions.
M. C. Jasper and "W. G. Jasper, farmers
of Tuba County, filed petitions In insol
vency yesterday in the United State* Dis
trict Court. The first named owes Ct.
?13 32 and has *»!*> assets: the second
owe? X19.VS *J3 and has I+"O ass-ts.
Miller. Sloss & Scott, the Dunham. Car
rlgan & Hayden Company, the E. T. Al
len Company and others y?sterday filed a
petition In the Unl:«d States District
Court to declare Insolvent J. Kothea-**n«»
of Crescent City. Del Ncrte County. Th«a»
allege that he owes more than JliXO.
¦ ? ¦
New Oil Exchanee
Articles of incorporation of the Saa
Francisco Oil Exchange were filed yes
terday. The directors are "Walter W. Gal-
Un. E. Meyer. P. J. Cado^an. Stephen
Otis. Charl>« f. Kapp. C. Hlrshfeld. W.
F. Smile. Hersry C. McPlke and Albert
Gerberdinsr. The articles of Incorporation
require each member of eighteen admitted
from the Pacific Stock Exchanje to pay
upon adml3*ion the sum of $&} and all
charter members J10O each.
Aged 3Ian Bleeds to Death.
A varicose vein in the right leg of E>.
Marchar.'i bars: last night while h« wsj
visitlnjr Frank Lereman at the Franklin
Hotel on Pacific street, near Sanson*.
Medical assistance was summoned, but
arrived too late, the man bleeding to
death.
Marchand wa* a native of Belgriusa. M
ypars of &K9. and a bookkeeper by occu
pation. KU tody was taken to the
Morgue. , -^-"v. :
California's Anniversary Ball.
Californyb Lodse No. 1S3. Independent
Order B'nal B'ritb, rare Its thirteenth an
niversary ball In B'nal B*rlth Hall last
night. There were about two hurtdrpd
couples present to esjoy the progranaie of
modem da--.ee? under tha direction of T.
Jack Zeklnd. floor manazer. assisted by
P. I. Mar.sor.. C. Rcsenstcla. S. Gross-
Hcht S. Iaraelsiy. I. Kucee. A. Rush. Lei
lie Oarren. A. Jacobaen and Nate Abra
hams.
« ? »
To Expert Windsor Books.
Judge Kerrigan has appointed J. J. Mc-
Carthy to expert the books of the "Wind
sor Hotel. The appointment was made
at the suggestion of counsel In the suit
filed by Robert E. Gla^e. the s!ay*r of
"William Trewhella. a«rais«t Kate Trew
hella, decedent's widow, and others for aa
adjustment cf copartnership affairs.
¦ m *
Killed on the Rail-sray.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 23.— Th# masked
body of a man was found on the South
ern Pacific Railroad bridge across the Los
Acrelea River early this morninr. la ons
of his pocket* was a receipt for a money
order s«nt by "William Harris of Los An
gelM to. Peter Harris. Cornwall, Ensrtand.
From thiJ It to surmised that the unfor
tunate's name was William Harris and
that he was an Englishman. *
9
Safe-Crackers Seared Airay.
SAN* JOSE. Jan. a— The third attempt
at safe-cracking In Saa Jos« this month
occurred at the office of Presho Ftro»..
wholesale coal dealers, early this mora
ine. The handle of the safe door wu
wrenched off and th* mbbera wer» Just
filling the cavity with nitro-eiycerjn
when discovered by a patrolman. Thay
left hurriedly. Two expert safe-crackers
have been operating h?r» this month. So
I far they have been successful at only ona
1 Jan. The police bav« no clew thus tax.
Forty-Five Years in Folsom Peni
tentiary tne Penalty for Com
plicity in Assault in
West Oakland.
HEAVY SENTENCE
FOR BUCK EATON
Young Man Convicted of a
Heinous Crime Gits
Long Term.
"Our object Is not to find fault, but to
find "the" fault, that -we may help our peo
ple to Improve, cot that we may find some
trifle to have a disnUssal or a trial upon."
Directors Demriaa and Casser'y imme
diately sulwscrlbtd their naxaee to the rule ;
aid thus the minds cf teachers will b<? \
made easy. To illustrate the new po&cy '
of leniency. President Kincaid yesterday ;
placed iliss il. I— Folsorn on the substi- |
tat* list after that teacher had admitted :
her inability to manage the class to which :
she had b«en assigned in the Hancock ;
Grammar School. Under forcer rti.es
Miss Folsom aright have been <iisn::sse<l
from the department, but according to
President Kincaids policy s~e wiU be
given an opportunity to demonstrate" her ;
rltr.ess to Teach after she has had a little >
Hicr* s>ractS*e.
The board, in fact, had ortglnanr de
cided to cisn-.Lss Miss Pofsoia from the
deimtUteuCM she confessed that a grain
mar grace cl»t wa» too difficult for her to
raanajre. Superisfr.'iert Webster pro- i
tested" against her difniissaJ so strongly :
that President HSr.aH- to prove her sin- :
e*rlty in her a?s*r.:or. that teacher! would ;
rot be dismissed on erery flimsy protext. j
prepared the rvle quoted. *
Superintended Vr«fett«" letuiued from
Sacramento >«.-*:< r-iay. where he had gone
to support certain reeasmw now before
tbe Lecistature. - :nc":uce a bill to;
'irrit the enrollment of pupils to fifty in ,
e»ch cla^s and tar an extra appropriation :
to cover the expense* of the office.
deem Themselves.
»
After the Board of Education, met yes
terday moraing- and had adjourned on ac
count of the absence of Director Mark,
who is In Sacramento attending to school
legislation. President Klr.eaM Issued an
edict that hereafter teachers who have
been reported aealnst by their principals
shall, after a fair ard Impartial trial, be
given an opportunity to redeem them
eeJves If found gnflty of the charges.
President KIr.caid drew up a rule which
WS] In Dm future g-ul<5e the board in in
vestigating teachers who have been re
ported actiisst. The rule says:
ably by Principals Will Be
Given Opportunity to Re-
Hereafter Those Exported Unfavor-
gurate a Lenient
Policy.
» •
President Kincaid to Inau-
TEACHERS WILL
BE PROTECTED
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 24, 1901. C
Donato Blamed for Danesl's Death.
Antonio Dcnato. the bootblack who on
New Year's eve while Intoxicated dis
charged a loaded pistol into a crowd near
the corner of Green and Kearny streets,
was held responsible by a Coroner's Jury
yesterday for the death of Francisco Da
nesl.'a shoemaker, whom one of Donato's
bullet* struck in the right eye.
STOCKTON*, Jan. 23.— Henry • M. N'ana.
for thirty years a fireman of : this city.
committed suicide this moraine by cut
ting his throat with a razor. He was 90
years of ace. No cause is assigned for
the deed. Ke waa a machinist by trade.
Fireman Commits Suicide.
SEATTLE. Jan. a— Advices from Daw
son and the Yukon Valley report that that
section of Alaska has Just passed through
the coldest weather recorded since white
men Inhabited .that country. The climax
was reached on January 15, when the
thermometer at Dawson fell to 6S degrees
below zero. A message from Forty Mile
the same day said that It was 73 below.
Cold Weather at Dau-son.
9
GBAPE-NUTS.
THE DOCTOR'S WIFE
Watches the Effect of Proper Feeding.
an excellent opportunity to
kno-jr cf the eJTect of food in sickness, for
rcy husband is a practicing physician and
has b**n recommending Grape-Nuts food
for some tirae. I have watched the result
and tar* never known a case where it has
r.ct given satisfaction.
"Or.e Instance will perhaps suffice to Il-
lustrate: A professor in the high echoo!
here was in very poor health from stom-
ach trouble- He finally got Into euch a
condition that he could not eat any food
whatever without suffering, and was so
reduced in strerjrth that he could hardly
walk. He wa« put on Grape-Xuts food
end p~''.i rapidly and Is now in good
health. Hii cure was effected by the use
cf Grape-Nuts food." Mrs. Dr. Lyzaan.
Crotcs. OlTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, -JANUARY 24, 1901.
10
SAA* -TB.AXCISCO CALL.
gUEIXEBS OFFICE cf Ta« San Pnuaclsoo
Call, eorner of Market and Third streets; cpen
t— s«I « o'clock every nlrht In the year.
BRAJCCH OFFICES— C37 Montscmery rtreet.
twrner Clay; open until «:S9 p. m.
80C Hayes ttreet; open nntll S:XO p. m.
ess McAllister etrect: open until «:» P. ».
ns _— rkln rtreet: open until J:SO p. n _
1941 SIlEeion etreet; open until 10 p. m.
Cfl Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
ert'.l S p. a.
1C6 Eleventh street; open tintn t p.,n v.
ICP6 Valencia street; open until » p. n 1.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftreptr: open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
aTrEGULAR meetlnc of Gofifrej _SJ_|»J
fle St. Omar Council No. U ' !p3 1
Knights Kaiiosh. A. and A. p—JflaL— Jjri
fceotti? h Rite of Freemasonry. iV|fi9ff%fflHjfiM
will be held In Comnunierj' ISp^wr'H'l
HaJI. Masonic Tetnple, on 0 '|$L
THURSDAY EVENING. Janu- I-Etfcfl
cry £4. liCl. at 7:39 o'clock.
HENRV BURNER. Recorder.
A STATED meeting of Yerba Buana mfs^
Lodge of Perfection No. 1, A. and A. jjr
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be fl
held in Commandery Hall. Masonic JpV
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. ~5«~
January S4, 1SP3, at £ o'clock.
IIENRY BURNER. Secretary.
anEPION Chanter No. 7S. R. A. M.— •
Sr«*-1-1 meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _j\_
EVENING, 7 : o'clock. Royal Arch jTzr
Degret. Uy order of The H. P. * ~ *
JNO. R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. i. F. and A. m
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) JV
KVTTNING. January 54. at 7:20 o'clock. ?T_X
Second -r>e*rree. By order of the r X^>
Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lod*?e No. 120. F. and A. M. ¦
gpecifii meeting THIS (THl'RSDAY) __\_
EVEN T N ":. al I i • o'clock. Third I''--/S_K
gree. Master Masons cordially invited. / \r >
By order of the V.*. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
6OITH SAN FRANCISCO I>x3a" No. •»
:tf. F. and A. M.. meets THISj*
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at ;;j)Qf
o'clock, for Second Degree. By order' Vi
of the Master. E. C. HARi:. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. _L— «_
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) -^fl_,
EVENING, at 7:20 o'clocU. 6econd5L>K
Deg— fe. &o3rurn!ng brethren are in- ~
vited. By order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
AJ3OU BEN ADHEM Lodge Xa <g_^__>>
112, I. O. O. F.— Ail ner.bcn i re-
Quested to attend double l_!t!a-
lion THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- '7 5 »* K?
ING. Vlsltlag brothers welcomed.
R. F. KINSMAN. N. G
THE 9aa Francisco Scottish Thistle v C7 >.
Club meets THIE (THURSDAY) A 2&$1
EVENING. . Fraternity Hall, £2 "Ti!_4_r
OTarrell M., at S o'clock.
GEORGE MILLER, Royal Chief.
GEORGE ~T. PATSRSOX. Recorder.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers or th« UNION TRUST COMPANY of
Eaa Francisco will be held at the office of
the company in the Union Trust Company's
building, corner Montgomery. Post and Mar-
ket •!*.. Ben Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY,
the «th day of February. 1S01, at the hour of
2 o'clock p. tn., for the purpose cf electing
• board of directors to serve for the follow-
ing year, the amendment of the by-laws of
the coir ip_ny and the transaction of such
ether business as may come before the meet-
ing. I. V~. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
ANNUAL m«<>tlng— Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
ecirrar.y. 227 Market *t.. San Frs_elsco, Cal.,
cm MONDAY, the r«th day of January. 1S01.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
tor the eneuing year .and the transaction of
ruch other business _s may come before the
tneetlng. Transfer books -»rlll close on Thurs-
c_y. January 17. 39C1, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. EHELDON. Secretary.
TO the ctockholden s and members of the C. F.
Kapp Ct>— '.pony, a corporation: Notlc* Is
fcer-by cive-n that a general meeting of th»
•tockholders and members of the C. F. Kapp
CcTspany. a ccrperatlcn, will be held at its
effioe e.r.3 place of business. No. 1200 Market
et.. in the city and countvof San Francisco.
Ft&te or California, on SATURDAY, the 26th
<!ay of Ja-uary. 1901, at the hour of U
o'clock — i., the object cf said meeting being
the removal from office of the following
named directors of raid ©operation, to wit:
C. H. Eoehncke, Bertia Koehncke. Cart W.
Mueller ar.d Alfred Futrman. ar.d that at
such meeting it is the intention of the und«r-
rlgned to propose the removal of each of caid
-lrectcrs. and also at eald meeting the repeal.
amendment and adoption of new by-laws will
be considered. CHAS. F. KAPP.
. .ff President C. F. Kapp Company.
BORROY T m ilarror.^!": perfect secrecy: pri-
vate entrance. T*NC1 LK HARRIP. IB Grant nr.
AGE\TS WANTED.
AGENTS— Do you — -ar.t something more profit-
able ana *a5ier f> f*!1 than books or insur-
ance? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
AGENT to Introduce a. new Imported house-
hold neoefFitv; l.ect thing on the coa^t.
Address Dundee Mfg. Co.. F3o"d bldg.. S. F.
$tOC< TO trw r«>r — lonth: men or women; salary
or «-'»TrTni*<pinn or both. ?T7 Market rt., r. CIS.
ADOPTION.
HEALTHY r._by~Sfvr adoption. MRS DB-
FT'N'KK. K1C E'rbth St.. Alamefla.
ATTOH\KYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a. Fpeeialty: private;
bo fee — tthout succe**; collections. O. W.
HOWE, any at law, lift Market, cor. Stocktn.
FKAN'K '..'. FM1TH: mining and probate law a
rpecjalty. Mills big., r. 3. 4th flr. ; tel. Red 3«U.
ADVICE free; no cbarye unless successful. "W.
W. DAVTPSON. !<27 Market ft., opp. Mason.
L & CLARK. Err.rr.a Spreckels bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket ft.: cont-ultation f— »<»: no fees in adv tnct.
~ ASrilALTLSl HOOFING.
S. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: o^toi inc. M<=«!*->n- tel. Foloom l«07.
~ BATH CABIXETS.
ELECTRIC light bath cab'.r.eU to let and for
rale. Tf.3< I'rlnt I>b^s ave.
HOVItlllMi FOR. CUILDRE5.
GIRL 12 or IS years eld can have good home
with privilege of going to school in exchange
for light sen-ices. Address N. H. L.. Bhell-
ville. &onoz_a County.
GOOD bo-:e tar email girl: object company:
2 In family. Address or call at 71EA Castro
et.. Oakland.
BUSIM-SS CHAXCES.
A— *K0; CANDY and leecreara parlor: r»nt J2J;
a place establ. years and dclng a good busl-
oees: o— -ner compelled to leave city at once;
rare chance. R. G. WILKE, IC^ Kearny St.
A— <3000; CHOP house and oyster grotto; near
Emporium; rent t_C; lea«e: daily receipts
J100. Particular* R. G. WILKE. 2S4 Kearny.
Jk. — SSOO; COR. butcher shop. In northern part of
cty;.rent £20; horse, cart; selling 4 cattle
end about 15 fheep per week; a casa custom.
C-ll R. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
A— J— >00; WINE and llcjuor business in Oakland,
with agency for one of tb« largest wineries
In the State; a rushing bar trade and larg*
route of private customers: located on prtn-
clpal gtrect. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Keaxny.
A. — 5J-O0; THIRD interest in laundry company;
doing a flrst-claes business: retiring: partner
to leave for New York. Apply R, O. w. r ILKE,
26^ Ke-rr.y tt. j^
A— ONE of th* best saloons with commercial
lunch: doe* to Paiacc Hotel; rent S50; owner
sick in bed: a. great e&crifice; only troo cash
down nee««d. R.' O. WILKE, 26H Kearny st,
A— tSOO; CORNER grocery and bar on Laagton
et. ; rent J2&; place ettab. 20 years; must sell,
as owner wants to retire and give lore lease
to right party. R. O. WILKE. 2~4 Kearny.
FIRST -CLASS saloon; elegant fixtures; must
tell before February 1: owner must go north;
trial given: eaty terms; see tc'.s bargain!
Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market St.
HESTATRANT for sale; fine location; doing
a good -paying business. H. C. DECKER
1C20 Market et.
TO buy. sell or exchange real estate, store oi
bUEtness place call on H. C. DECKER, 10S
Market st. No charges for advertising.
OTTTSTDS rout* on this paper £or sale. Appl]
Call Business Office.
FOR Fale— Restaurant doing good business
present on iner been there & years; sale on ac
count of leaving city. Box 1378. Call office.
JK0— PARTNEH wanted: can make $1M pe
month; only good active man need apply
California Business Aes'n. S6S Market »L
|2<vv— PARTNRR wanted: light business : *1S t
$20 a week each; no experience required; tria
given. t> Geary st-. room 8.
i»0--THE Q restaurant. 2S7 Cr"F_rre_ St.. oi
cagy payr nents. D. MeRAE. 837 Mission st.
RESTAURAICT and coffee saloon; daily re
oelpts about $60. Call at place, 410 Kearny si
fSOO— HALF Interest In Job printing office : lorn
established: plenty work. 408 McAllister st
BAKERY; good chance: eocntry; nr. two sum
pot r— orui 1100. CHAS. R. BTONBL TDm_les
WHITE Front saloon for sal*. Rt Washing
ton d| m LgcataJ a rood plaea.
BCSIXES- CHAXCE5— CO.VTIXCED.
PARTNER wanted In a large, old-established,
profitable business, controlling a good, safe,
•olid and reliable trade; owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to sell
en interest to an acceptable party; duties will
be the keeping of accounts and assisting
generally In the management of the business;
capital required $5000 to $10,000; full, value in
sight; books and business open for Investiga-
tion. Apply J. W. DONNELLY &, CO.. 6S2
Market et. *
1100— CIGAR stand; good corner; bargain. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market st.
$450— LAUNDRY route, with good horsa and
wagon. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 77714 Market.
$1100— Butcher ehop; country to~ "n: business
?1SK> mo. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market.
A — WANTED — A good tenant for grand corner
store and basement, with fixtures suitable for
grocery' business: special Inducements. Ap-
ply BPECK & CO.. 667 Market et
AA— $400; grand opportunity for lady or gent.;
location perfect: cigars.- periodicals, notions.
. Waiting-room, 23d ave. Matlon. E. Oakland.
J1250— BEST creamery with branch bakery,
candy, etc.. hoxye and wagon: dally receipts
over ?40; trial given. Box 1397 Call office.
A WELL established, small Jeweiery store at
a reasonable price. Call at 106 Eleventh st.
$30 WINS $300 ppr month at races: references
given. Information Lyons, 921 Market, r. 4.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Cr.ll branch office. 2200 Flllmnra st.
LODGIXG-HOVSKS FOB SALE.
3C-ROOM house; clears $100; Pine st $S50
16 rooms; north of Market st isO
r-0-room boarding-house: clears $200 5000
10-room fiat: downtown ow
14 rooms; on Mission st •• j;" 1
B0 rooms; new furniture: $1000 cash ZW»
15 rooms; on Thirrt st ,600
« rooms: fine comer: clears $200. .^OO
24 rooms: on Geary st.: clears $1-0 l»w
IS rooms: on Kearny St.; clears $100 1C0O
S3 rooms; on Market st 1400
12 rooms; clears JT5 __••*'
C<V> others— Prices from $100 tn $23,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT 1/5 WEST RATES.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market: phone Mint .38.
LODGING-HOUPE buyers, notice! I have
largest list of lodjrinp-houses and hotels; can
t=uit all buyers; em;>!oy 5 persons who are
dally adding new houses to list: title given'
with €*ach house sold; money loaned buyers:
no fake prices; value given for your money;
before buying call and be convinced.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
Rooms 1-2. S17 Market Bt.. tel. Mint 1911.
WINSTON & WOLF, 1C2C Market Et.
Telephone Mint 1591
47 rooms; Al location: part cash $2700
€0 rooms; north of Market.; 2700
26 rooms; sunny corner 2109
81 rooms; worth $2500: reduoed to 1300
JO rooms; corner <r.ew); rent $C5 1300
CO ROOMS: newly furnished: rent $1"J) $3000
3T rooms; money-maker; near Market 1900
2? roams; Van Ners; finely turn.; extra.. S50
15 rooms; Leavenworth ; rent $57 50 800
10 rooms. $4'«: 10 rooms, quick 850
FISHER & CO.. 1^32 Market tt.
10 ROOMS newly furnished; payments *9£0
€5 rooms; clears $300; will lc>an half 6500
10 rooms; very cheap: only $*50 cash 100
J5O.C0O to lean at Vi per cent; tel. Main 1CS.
DAVIS & RIVES. Slfi Market et.
CALL and eo« our list of bargains In houses:
we have them In any part of the city and at
nny sriee. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 23
Sixth st.
ANDRKW PRICE & CO.. 30 Kearny St., room
6. Big bargains; list In office; money loaned;
clear title; houses all full.
ANDREW PRICE & CO., 30 Kearny St.. rm. 6.
IS ROOMS. JSCO; $300 down. bal. 1%: good pay- j
ing house: cause of Felling, sickness; call to-
day. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market., room 1.
FOR sale — A ll-roorr i house, we-11 furnished;
piafto; first -claps location; good paying house;
price $1000. Box 1347. Call office^ j
$lEo— 24 ROOMS; fine location: well furnished; [
all rented: low rent. BASILE. 2 Eddy st.
SPECIAL bargain— 10-room: always filled: $27^.
Call to-day John Elder's Rent. Bu.. C36 Mrkt.
16-ROOM lodsring-house; nicely furnished; all
occupied: cheap rent. Call 151 Third st.
NEWLY furnished house 10 room*: a sacri-
fice : rent $20; good location. 637 Howard st.
~ SPIRITUALISM.
MRsT^DrTfARNHAM, world-renowned Eptrlt-
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths: unites the separated;
rr.ir.ins a specialty; clrs. Sun., Wed.. Frl. ev's.
Come and be convinced. Permanently located.
tlS Eddy «t.. bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-nl?ht,
605 McAllister et. ; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. BROWN, EPiritual medium and card
reader; 25c up. 109 Fifth Bt., room 2.
MRS. EBERHARDT, spiritual test meeting to-
night. 8250 22d. bet. Mission & Valencia; lOo.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily: tost? to all to-night: 10c.
MRS. LESTER— Readings dally; circle every
e\-e.. 10c. except V.'ed.: devei. circle. 222 Turk.
MME. YOUNG, convincing test circle to-night, j
6C5 McAllister Et.; 10c; come, skeptics. |
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healer; |
readings daily. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14. j
EARLE. 305 Taylor St.. corner Ellis— Sittings
fially; seance Sunday, Tuesday ar.d Thursday.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium.
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy st.
C. Mayo-Steers, 112V4 Oak, trance medium;
readings $1; hours 1-5 p. m.: tel. Howard 527.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium.
Ilf> ~>il>r — 1»* -I1E4 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS. .
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and Business Medium,
Is permanently located at 17 Third St., next
Examiner building. She reads your life cor-
rectly gives an accurate description of the
past, reveals the present happenings and por-
trays «vents to occur In the future. If you
are In trouble, discontented, unhappy or not
eatlffled In yfe, or have domestic, love or busi-
ness troubles, consult this great medium and
you will be told how to overcome them.
Valuable advice In all affairs of life.
Full life reading by n.all; write for informa-
tion: S5o up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 2S
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with irpecial terms. Dally and Sunday.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist: IS years' experience: her knowledge of the
unteen forces is Invaluable to professional and
business men, to wives and lovers: follow her
advice and you will make no mistake. 11M
Market St.. corner Mason, room 28. •
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant tc card
reader, born with double veil— second eight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c.
gents SI: palm, and clalr. git: $1 SO. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
jralrnist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings daily. 10 a. in. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE, clairvoyant, card reader; best
advice, 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor. Sixth.
MRP. Melvlll. well-known clairvoyant, watar
reader. ll,eth;G«rman spoken; tel.Howard 1846.
MME. FABBIER— Readings with cards and tea
leaves; business advice. 1504 Market, r. 31-32.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is th« great palm-
lst and card reader; 2f>o, 7 Seventh st.
MME. STBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell et.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL, clairvoyant and business
medium, 215 Kearny et.. rooms 8-10.
MME SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 448»4 Jessie st.
HME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 2So up. S Fourth st
BORROW on diamonds: secrecy; private en-
trance: private rooms. Uncle Harrlf. 15 Grant.
CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 853-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 6c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth »t.: tel. Jessie S44.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 594. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CON-KLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. S33 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS." -
_ i ___. '..,.,., .
FOR sale— Fine top buggy, piano box. rubber
tires, first-class condition: bargain. Inquire
r Nevada Stables, Market et., opp. Seventh.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
o *
J AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. E32 Mission.
a FO^ sale—Spring wagon, horse and harness.
- CHIROPODISTS^ .
_ i CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chll-
" bl— Ins; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 41S Snttar.
- COLLECTION OFFICES.
". GTOBO_Tw. t____.ir_ Agency— No cbam "__,
1ms •ueceesftO. itooniilonBr Market Bt.
_^ DENTISTS. __^.
ATThe IeLECTRO^DENT AL ClTlNIC, 809 Mar-
ket Bt.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 60; fillings, BOc; plates,
$6, full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth Bt.
EIGHT prlze9lfor best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c: gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to . 969
Mission St.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction. 50c.
_>R H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
am 1 ner_bulldingjformerly_Jn_Mu£phy_bJldg.
A. L SIMPSON, D. D. S., 1206 Market St.— Ex-
pert tcoth extractor: crown and brldgework.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings.' 2oc.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth. |
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1S41 Polk st. __^
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 rages, in wrapper, for mailing. Si per year.
EDIIC.VTIOSAL.
EVENTNlT¥<^OL7ir'iri^^
LEGE 1236 Market st.; Individual instruction
in bookkeeping, shorthand, English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL stu.lents but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUbl-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market Et.
AYRES' Business Collece, 723 Market 6t.— Day
and evening; $S per month; $30 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past 5 months; catalogue free.
WANTED— An instructor in Spanish, French
or Germnn to conduct on a percentage basis
semi-weekly co-operative classes now or-
panlzliipr under a new and popular plan; state
experience and compensation expected. Box
1354, Call office. |
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand, reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 21 Post St.,
S F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, . lan-
guages telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has pot.1-
tlons guaranteed to It by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
petitions to all its, graduates. 305 Larkln bL
BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; Pitman sys-
tem; private lesson; by an experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL. 126 Kearny St.. r. 53.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners ; business
college graduates: bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. minlng.mech., sur-
vey, assny, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.; eat. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy: •
lessons by mail: acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 802 Montgy.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from $1 to $1000, at UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant ave.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac-
tice. Merki. reliable teacher. 1008 Mission st.
FRENCH, Spanlsh.etc. Prof. DeFilippe'sAcarJemy
cf languages,320 Poetiestab'd 1S71; ablest profs.
MUNSON. School Shorthand, Typlnj? Bookkep-
lng. Spanish. 137 Monfy. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; <!ay or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th,
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine Bt.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. i
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. j
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co. ; est. j
1S7C: practical recommend: try them; removed
to 413 Devisadero: tel. Fell 13S. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cocks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post et.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE ar.d Chinese employment office;
best help, r.26 O'Farrell St.: tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. M4 California; phone James 2G01.
ORPHEUM Err. ploy ment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 4V, Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
POSITION wanted as elderly lady's compan- j
ion or housekeeper; city or country; good i
home more object than salary: best Of ref-
erences. Address box 2078, Call office. Oak- ;
land. I
I LADY with a boy wants situation as cook In
a lumber or mining camp or on a ranch, or
work in a lodging houae. Call or address
MRS. MILLER. 670 Broadway. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED woman with a little boy
wants position working housekeeper; coun-
" try preferred. Call or address MRS. B. L.
BO WEN, 4E7 Nineteenth at., Oakland,. Cal.
A GIRL from the East wishes a position as a
seamstress or chambermaid or general house-
work in a small family. Call or address
2SSH Tehama st.
RELIABLE woman wishes position as cook In
private family; has best of references. Ad-
dress box 1317, " Call office. ;
2 SWEDISH girls want situations to do gen-
eral housework or upstairs work. Please call
at 1221 Folsom st.
A COMPETENT Swedish girl, flrst-clase cook,
would like a place in American family as
cook or downstairs work. Box 1374, Call.
YOUNO lady wishes position In private fam-
ily or companion; good seamstress; musical;
willing to assist. 1215 K. 21st St.. Oakland.
2 RESPECTABLE girls wish positions; one at
housework, the other at second work. Apply
614 Second st. ¦ . ¦ ' - - .
A SWEDISH girl wishes a position to do sec-
ond work and waiting. Call at 127 Pfeiffer
st., bet. Chestnut and Francisco, off Stockton.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation as
housekeeper; small family; -wages no object.
Box 1333, Call. :
AN elderly woman wishes work by the day or
month; is good plain cook and will do light
wash; is steady, reliable woman. 225 Minna.
A MIDDLE-AGED Gernr ian lady wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper or housework, $15. Ad-
dress M. B., 125 Fillmore St. •
EASTERN girl wishes a situation in a small
American family of adults. 26 Antonla St.,
off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Farrell. ,
WANTED— By Scotch Protestant woman house ¦
wdrk and cooking in private family. 1654
Market st ¦ . ¦:¦
WANTED — "Work by the day; $1 and car fare.
MRS. EAGAN, 930 A Howard st, room 90.
A YOUNG woman with a small ohlld wishes a
place as working housekeeper. 3 Seventh st.
RELIABLE woman with one child wishes A
I position as housekeeper. Box 1367, Call.
A COMPETENT dressmaker wishes engage-
mentg; $1 25 per day; refs. Box 1376. Call.
AN experienced and neat sewer wants work
in shop. Apply 312H Eighth St.
BORROW money of the respectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant avt.
RELIABLE woman wishes position to do gen-
eral housework; is a good cook; oity or coun-
try; no postals. 10 Stockton place. ¦
LADY, age 30, would like position as house-
keeper in city. Address box 1391, Call office;
no trlflers.
WANTED— By the day, house-cleaning or laun-
dry; best of references; $110 per day. . Add.
S. L., 911 Sansome Et., 4th floor; no postals.
BY a German girl; general housework; wages
$25. call at 1810 Broderick 8 1., rear.
YOUNO lady wants typewriting at home. Ad-
_ dress L. N., box 303, Berkeley. ¦ ¦- '.
A YOUNG Austrian girl just from Europe
wants work; understands all kinds of house-
work. Addrrss 813 A Vallejo St., city.
WANTED— A position in a refined family to
care for children. Address C. WOOLS. 432
Seventh ave. ' ¦. ; -.:-»-.>„¦ -
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.,,near Mar-
ket-200 rooms: 25c to II 60 ; night, $1 B0 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. s v-n '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubscrlptions baa been est-bilshed at 1094
¦ Wlenofa tt . : ' .
CLASSIFIED advertisements aad subscriptions
received at Cull branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
CARPENTER, good workman, who is also a
practical house painter and glazier, wants
work on ranch or country place: single: mid-
dle-aged and of steady habits; has good out-
fit of tools; price moderate. Box 1349, Call
Qfflce. ....
SITUATION warfted by strong, honest man of
good habits; no bbjectlon to Mexico or South
America. - Box 1377. Call office.
COOK, good meat and pastry, and wife want
situations; city or country. W. A. JONES,
802 Montgomery at., room 17.
STRONG young man withes work of any kind.
Address NORMAN McCLEOD. 1043 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS mine blacksmith and tool
•harpener or general Jobber wants position;
references given If ¦ required. Address box
1390. Call. .
BARTENDER. German, would like position;
city or country: best of references. Address
G. M.. 1104 Larkln st " '. ¦
UPHOLSTERER and carpet layer wants posi-
tion in a hotel; references for first-class work;
email wages. S. JENSEN, 911 Bushst.
AN experienced hotel and restaurant man; reli-
able and steady; first-class cook or steward;
references of Australia and America; open for
situation. Box 1301. Call.
WANTED— Position as salesman and bookkeep-
er in gen. mdse. store In country by reliable
American: "single: 30- yrs. age: 12 yrs. experi-
ence; good refs. Address L. F., box 1223. Call.
SOBER, steady, middle-aged man wants posi-
tion as dishwasher or kitchen hand in small
hotel or restaurant. Address box 1299, Call.
FIRST-CLASS all-round blacksmith and horse-
ehocr wants employment. Address 1118 How-
ard St.
RELIABLE industrious gardener wants post-
t.ion as coachman; can milk: general work;
private placs; reference^ city or country.
Box 1232. Call office.
GENTLEMAN; 28 years: speaks German, Eng-
lish, French: wishes position as cashier or
chief clerk; references given. - Box 1249, Call.
$100,000 TO loan on- diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave. " ¦
MARRIED man wants work of so— '.« xlnd at
living wages; good engineer or <?/lv<r. Ad-
dress II. H. B., 280S Laguna et.
SITUA riON wanted by a first-class German
gardener; srood propagator sCU can take care
of horses. Address Gar* . .. box 1268. Call.
ENGINEER wants situation to run gasoline en-
glne. Box 1303, Call.
JAPANEbiC young, honest boy who understands
English wants a situation as a schoolboy in
city. Box 1287. Call. .
JAPANESE boy wants position as schoolboy at
housework. O. H.. 2i» Prospgct place.
FEATHER PILLOWS.
» ,,, ¦ , f , ,, - -,-ir-i-
HOTELS and private parttes wishing to have
their feather pillow* cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FFATHFR. FACTORY. ?44 Stevenson Bt.
FkAT!) TO LET.
TO let— New, flats on Buchanan st.. between
McAllister, and Golden Gate ave.; E and 6
rooms and bath: all the latest Improvements.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let— Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent J10. 1002
McAllister st. i Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st. ¦
$10— COTTAGE of three sunny rooms. 134 Rose
ave.; 1^4 blocka from Market St., bet Gough
and Octavla. ¦
BUSH. 1209%— Flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. Apply
1213 Bush St., basement, up garden.
MODERN flat; 8 rooms, bath; good order. 1123
Howard et., near Seventh.
IF you want to move sret printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
FOIt SALE Oli EXCHANGE.
FOR »ale or exchange for San Francisco or
Oakland property— 20 acres near Applegate,
Placer County; highly Improved and In per-
fect condition; entirely fenced; complete Irri-
gation system: n«»w modern villa, 6 rooms
and bath: barn, horses, cows. Implements,
ntc: must be sold at once on account of
death of owner and Impossibility of properly
caring for property. HERON & HOLCOMB,
1060 Broadway. Oakland;
FIIRMTVKE FOR SALE.
INSTALLMENT plan or cash: furnished flat;
rent $30: everything new and elegant; "t
rooms and bath. Inquire room 128, 1236 Mar-
ket st., 9 to 10 a. m. or 12 to 1:30 p. m.
A BARGAIN In furniture and location; five-
room cottage furnished; rent $8; roomer pays
ta. At 125 Lundy lane, S. F.
NEW furniture, 4 rooms, carpets, bedding, ex-
tension table, chairs; kitchen complete. 44<
Jessie st.
FINE 5-room flat, completely furnished; tw<
bedroom sets; good furniture and carpets
Call 11 to 3, no dealers,"1411 Mason st.
4 ROOMS fumlnhed In oak J4S 40. with No. <
rarge. Klncr, Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot caah.
TO receive highest valun for furniture, carpets
fete, see W.E.Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays hlgh'ai
price for f=econd-Jiand furniture: tel. Red 1Xt4.
HELP WANTED FEMALE).
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... Phone Grant 18
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
10 waitresses, for same first-class hotel, Lo
Angeles, ?30 a month and rate tickets
2 more waitresses, Pasadena, $20 and rat'
tickets
2 waitresses, San Diego, $20, fare paid
2 waitresses, Fresno, $20. fare paid
2 waitresses, Arizona, $20. free fare
6 waitresses, different commercial hotels
country, $20
2 head waitresses, city, $25 to $30
6 waitresses, city. $20
2 chambermaids to wait, $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
German chambermaid, first-class private fam
ily, $15; cooks, $30, city and country; hous
girls, second girls, nurse girls, others
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 157
....HOTEL DEPARTMENT..'....".....
2 first-class waitresses. Southern California
$20, special rates; 2 waitresses, commercla
hptel, $22 60, free fare; 5 waitresses, dlfteren
country hotels, $20; 8 waitresses, city. $20:
chambermaids to wait, $20; chambermaid, da
work, sleep home, $20. MRS. M. E. DAY t
CO., 335 Geary st.
COOK, Institution, $30; 10 second girls, $25 an.
$20; cook and second girl, same house, sroo
wages; 6 cooks, $30 and $35; 4 houseglrU, $3
each; waitress, $25, MRS. NORTON, 31S Sut
ter st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 1!
Head waitress, $30; waitresses, country, $'
and $25.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady for neck
wear, ribbons, etc.; 6 o'clock house. Addree
O. F., box 1373,' Call office. . , '
WOMAN to do general housework; one who i
good plain cook. Apply between 9 and. 11 e
m., at 405 Hayes st.
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed c
eelf-assertion: good opportunity to right pat
ty. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bulldlfm
EXPERIENCED operators on shirt waists; ale
1 tucker. BAUER BROS. CO., 21 Sansome si
GIRLS wanted. Apply at 108 Battery St., b<
tween 9 and 11 a. m. SELIG BROS.
EXPERIENCED » female ironers oii ladlei
wear. 723 Market St., room 35. „
EXPERIENCED female operators on ladlei
underwear. 723 Market St., room 35.
WANTED— A woman for cooking; wages $:
per month. 1101 Geary st. ¦
8 ACTIVE girls to handle type. Type Foundrj
608 Clay st.
GOOD plain cook to assist with light housi
work. 16 Devlsadero st. •
TYPEWRITER; no experience; no millionaire 1
daughter need apply; state wages. Box 125
WANTED— Experienced paper box maker.
WEMPE BROS., 127 Mission at.
WANTED— An elderly • lady to take care <
two children. 126 Ninth st. .
YOUNG girl for small family; plain cooking ai
housework. Call 9 to 12 a. m. at 1810 Lagum
WANTED— A middle-aged lady to work !
country, 139 Third nt.
WILLING girl for geneVal housework; fl
Call 1420 Post at. . . . - ¦. ¦
YOUNG- waitress. 631 Ellis at. ' - -
WANTED— A -competent girl to do gener
housework and cooking in ' American f ami
of 2 adults; wages $15. Apply at 400 Goldc
.Gate. ave. ¦ -. -.
WANTED— A flrst-clasa cook; must understai
.; French and German cooking ; > city ' ref erenci
required. Box 1383. Call office. ¦ .
FIRST-CLASS second trimmers and make!
. , for., millinery ; ' must : be • good saleslady; pos
' * tlon the year round ; good wages. ISO Stxtl
BORROW -on pianos, furniture, diamond
paintings; secrecy. Uncle Harris. IS Grant a
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply, at Chut
; at • p. ) m. this evening, -
FIRST-CLASS corset canvajuers{ eommlsslo
. : 129 Powell st-i afternoon. . . . . ¦
HELP , WANTED FEMALE.
SEWING machine or>erators wanted at L»t1
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory. 32Vi Fremont
et. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
GIRLS of 13 to 16 years of age to wind yarn,
to learn to knit and to finish goods. Apply
to J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO.. 412 Polk
Bt., San' Francisco, Cal.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts and overalls at GREENE-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHAELS. 531 Mission.
WANTED — In a private family, a first-class
laundress; city references. Apply at 621
Leavenworth el., between 10 and 12.
WANTED— Young lady typewriter" and stenog-
rapher, with some knowledge of bookkeeping;
references. Box 1S86, Call ot'lce.
YOUNG girl to assist in general hosework:
small family; wages S15. 511 Cole St.. opp.
Chutes. - " ¦ -
WANTED— A girl to do upstairs work and
wait at table. 2620 Buchanan st.
WANTED— Services of an experienced business
woman. Address Traveler, box 1382. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for light housework. j
716 Franklin st, near Golden Gate ave.
YOUNG woman for light housekeeping: small j
wages; 3-room flat. Box 1280. Call office.
APPRENTICES and finishers on coats. 117
Russ st. ¦ <
FIRST-class hairdresser and manicurist. Ap-
ply 220 Post st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
reoelved at Call branch office. 2200 Fl.'lmore st.
HELP WANTED MALE."
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 684S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Sticker hand, country planing mill $3 day
Blacksmith for ranch $40 and found
Strong boys to learn trades $6 week
Cooper for tank work .' Stableman
Choreman. private place $25 and found
Dairymen, milkers, etc $30 and $25
Plow teamsters, orchard hands and choreboys.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Porter and drive bua, country hotel, south;
solicitor and driver, country laundry: chef
cook, mining camp. $C0; ranch cook, $20.
MURRAY & READS". 634-636 Clay St.
A— WOODCHOPPERS TIEMAKERS
60 woodchoppers and tlemakers, Santa Cruz
County, 80c to $1 50 cord, 12c each ties; 50
woodchoppers and tiemakers, also picket and
postmakers, Sonoma and Mendocino counties,,
tools and provisions furnished. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st. .
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cool; and wife, country hotel, $C0 to $65; meat
cook, country hotel, $50, fare advanced; coolt
and helper, institution, $40 and $15; baker for
Institution, country. $35; 2' second cooks, $50
and $60; lunch man and porter, saloon, $35:
1 French potwasher, $30: apprentice to cooks'
trade, country hotel, $30, with some experi-
! ence; marker, country laundry, $30; 2 waiters,
country hotels. $25; colored waiter, country
club, $35.
5 experienced men to pile and grade lumber,
$2 a day; man and wife, private place, $45.
see party here; 2 Swiss milkers, south, $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A-WANTED
2 tinsmiths, $3 a day and Increase.; farmer
and wife. $30; Portuguese milkers, $27 50:
laborer for foundry, $1 75 a day; man about
place, $20; waeher, country stable, $30 and
found; 'driver for milk wagon, $25 and found.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment: only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LES3, Secretary.
' BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
mint. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
• A— HONEST man wanted to take Interest in
real estate and business agency: must have.
$150; can make good wages. 906 Market, r. 8.
" GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building. ¦
i COATMAKER wanted on fine coats and bush-
ellng. 118 Montgomery ave.
BOY .. wanted for office. Call 435 Battery St.
, BOY, industrious and not afraid to work, $4
per week. Store, 112 Eddy st.
• WANTED— Good waiter; small restaurant. 610
: Stanyan St., opposite Golden Gate Park.
. BOY wanted to make himself useful. Apply
425 Commercial at. *
'. BOY to learn printing trade thoroughly: one
i with exoerience preferred. Box 1356, Call.
• EXPERIENCED milk wagon driver wanted.
1408^i Devlsadero st. -
I WANTED— Bedmaker, at 1506 Kentucky st.,
Potrero..
j , _ • ~ '
' COAT basters and coat finishers. U Hayes st.
j BOOTBLACK to run stand: chance for a good
man. 3075 Sixteenth St., near Valencia,
WANTED— Good coatmaker, 2197 Powell st.
' YOUNG man to drive milk wagon; German
\ rreferr ed. 816 Treat ave.
EXPERIENCED waiter for country hotel; call
\ 7 to 8 a. m. to-day.' 917 Market St.. room 2.
" OPERATORS on custom coats; good pay. Box
134S, Call office.
t YOUNG man to do janitor work for his tuition
at S. F. bart>er school. 741A Howard st.
= "WANTED — A good waiter for restaurant. Call
at 1550 Market St.. after 9 a. m.
3 COAT, vest and pants makers wanted; 635
Kearny st. ¦
8 STENOGRAPHER and typewriter for, country;
state salary expected. Box 1351, Call office.^.
• BOOTBLACK for barber shop. 11 Sixth st.
'. BOY for German printing office. 635 Callfor-
i, nla St., room 4. £ -
' BARBER shop and baths; central location;
fine paying business; must be sold at once on
account of departure; sacrificed. Box 1350,
." Call office. •
_ BARBERS, attention— First-class barber shop;
8 choice location: Market St.; 5 chairs; newly
fitted up; good trade: no agts. Box 1240, Call.
~ COMPLETE outfit for barber shop; 2 chairs.
P Call at 3152 Sixteenth st.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; object of sell-
II Ing, going to Bakersfleld. 105 Ninth st.
5 ANY amount to loan on your diamonds; low
y Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
« ¦ — — — — — — — —- — — — — — — — -m
WANTED— A first-class young man for grocery
_ and bar; city; German preferred; references
d required. Box 1389, Call office.
,„ OENT to solicit for a new and popular Jour-
'" nai. Apply 5» Filbert st.
A STRONG boy to be useful in retail store;
£ wages $5. Box 13S8. Call office. ¦¦ ¦'
20 WANTED— Two good trunk makers. D. D.
WHITNEY. Los Angeles, Cal. '
: " CIGARMAKERS. 328 Bush St., third floor,
13 room 4. :¦ . - - - ¦
— BARBERS' complete 3-chair outfit for sal€
is cheap. Apply 902 Larkln st
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
— S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
>f character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
"- less than 5 -feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet
f. 1 inch In height; able to read, write and
— speak English. For further Information ap-
10 ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis
_ St.. San Francisco. Cal. . ¦ • .
=- MEN OR WOMEN
* .Paid Big Commissions....
7. UT1CA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
B PANY. 21 Spear St.
TT _&N wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
_ inducements; catalogue free. • MOLER'g
20 BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st
GET your shoes half -soled while .waiting; 25c
~ to BOc. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to kno~
~ that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 largi
_ rooms; '25c per bight; $1 to $2 per week.
- s BRIGHT men of good address; money ad-
fl vanced to right party. Call between 8 ant
9 . 9 a. m. at 202 Post st.
_ BARBERS — Good shop In country: good town.
nf near the city, with household furniture
DECKEX.MAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
71 BARBERS— Wanted, a 3-chair work stand
a. state price. Box 1400. Call office.
71 A COATMAKER wanted for sitting room. 411^
u Kearny St.. first floor. - . ¦ -
T WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c am
lB> . 20c. , Boston House, 930 Howard St.
— " BARBER shop for sale; complete with fixtures
601 Castro St., cor. Eighteenth: sacrifice.
—. ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, hal
aI price. 662 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
>n PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old rellabli
firm, 806 Market, , room 40. Phslan building.
id SAILORS : ordinary seamen and green hands
es all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart
— WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar
rs ket; 700 rooms. 25c night;: reading-rooms; fre
I- 'bus and: baggage to and. from ferry.
h. '
~ HEMORRHOIDS.;
— ANT case of Piles," Piles, "piles. Piles; : over 30
ea ,- permanent cures among business men of Bai
f. < Fraadaco alone; men who can be interviewed
— no surgery, salves or ointments; no interfer
— >' a enee with business during treatment. For fur
| - tier particulars add. Physician, box 15E0, Call
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Ete— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons. bu<s>««.
carte, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
8*7 sixth st.: auction rales every Wednesday.
BULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale at a sacrifice on account of not hay-
ing stable room, team of standard bred bay
mares 2-seated surrey and harness. Inquire
P. p. 'box 141. San Rafael. CaL .
FINE gentle horse, together wltrh-surrey and
harness In good order, for sale cheap. STA.1-
LY MAYALL. G126 Kearny St.. S. F.
THREE fast road horses; also some good
business horses, at 721 Howard st.
housks
A—PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for elr-
cular G. H. UMBSEN ft CO.. U Montgomery.
GROVE. 825— House of 9 sunny rooms; modern
Improvements. Apply ?23 Grove st.
SUNNY corner: 6 roonyj and bath. yard, etc.:
.rent reasonable. Corner Twenty-sixth St. » nd
San Jose ave.. bet. Valencia *°j_ G _ ue Jl r . e I___
6 ROOMS, bath: 2013 Greenwich, near Bacba*
an; $20. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
6 ROOMS, bath and basement: 14 R*« d st - =
rent $15. Apply at 1325 Washington st.
~~ HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED-2-story house of 6 or 7 rooms In
Hays Valley: rent about $20 to 122. Address
662 Tuttle court. Oakland.
HOUSE CLEANING.
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co., «" s «b. 1890;
removed to 419 Devlsadero St., tel. Fell 136-
HYPNOTISM. ______
PROF. RAYMOND: teaches hypnotism * mag-
netic healing for to; five lessons. 99. Market.
LOST AX1> FOUND.
LOST— Certificate No. 376 for 23 shares ofcapl-
tal stock of The National Ice Co.. standing in
the name of J. H. and M. Knlef F* n^r
will please return same to The J^ational ice
Co.. 327 Market; reward. ;
LOST— A sunburst Din. diamond. s urr ° u ,?, ded
by pearls, Frl. eve.. Jan. 13. at Cotillion
Hall or on Bush. bet. Octavia and Polk, lib-
eral reward. Return 1707 Bush st.
LOST— A water spaniel dog Sunday at 122
Utah St., with white spot on breast and
sore ear; liberal reward. Return to 122
Utah st.
LOST— Pair opera glasses. In fair leather case
(Warner & Swasey make), between Suuer
st. and Cliff House. Return to Cliff House
and receive $5 reward^
LOST— A pair of gold lorgnettes on Jackson.
Buchanan or Pacific ave. Return to 1S17
Jackson St.; suitable reward.
LOST— Tuesday evening, one gold ringr. light
blue setting; liberal reward. Address !7a
Fifth st.
LOST— Fawn and white greyhound. Return to
2930 Laguna st. and receive reward.
LOST— Black beaded handbag, on Grant ave..
near O'Farrell. Please leave at Call office.
LOST— Black cocker spaniel dog: tag No. 3637.
Reward at 500 Minnesota st.
ANY old thing: also diamonds, sealskins; money
on them: private entrance; perfect secrecy.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKTSL. S17 Market at.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOW'S.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 792.
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair ' cleansed; fine up-
holstery; expert carpet -cleaning and laying.
HOPKE BROS.. 318 and 320 Eleventh gt.
1 MEDICAL.
DR G. W. O'DONNELL, moved to 1013 Market,
opp. Eth": world-renowned ladles' specialist:
safe reliable; practiced in San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all ethers tail call on him.
MRS DR. KOHL. 897 Market St.. cor. Sixth—
Bafe and reliable ladles' physician: treatment
$5- positive cure guaranteed: when others fall
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL
DRS. GOODWIN. 10074 Market, expert on dis-
eases of women: 15 years' practice In S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; 15 at office; have cured thou-
eands of canes; unexcelled success: re* free.
MRS DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yr*.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office 15: any ailment; home for patients; con- .
salt free. 942 Pcft St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln. :
DR AND MRS. DA VIES, 1228 Market— Ladled
specialists; 32 years* practice: positive cure
guaranteed: ladles treated can return san»«
day; HINDOO HERB home cure: stamps, ctr.
DR POPPER. MRS. DR. LA TOUR, ladles'
specialists; new process: sure cure; no medl-
cine;every woman her ownphyslclan.S23Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1C35 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist: eafe and sure cure. J5: best care; low
fees: when all others fall consult free.
MP.S. DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist: home
for patients. £04 Eddy gt.
DR. NO TOY KEE enrrn disease by herbs:
s^v'cf* frfi* 7^4 P;*(*rn— *eTito «t.. Tie^?*
~~ MIXES AXD 5IINING.
LEARN something thlB week about Montczuma
copper; we'll give you Information. AMER-
ICAN GUARANTEE & TRUST CO., selling
agent?. S10 Safe Deposit building. S. F.
FOR sale — Gold mine on mother lode vein seven
feet wide: true fissure; finest prospect for
mine in the State. Address box 13S5. Call.
ONE-QUARTER Interest in 5 placer claims
(Trinity County) for $700; money to go for
equipment, e-tc. Box 1334. Call office.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
: linoleum, new .and second-hand; wo always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete, outfits on one floor, ready made:
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for $3 down and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, V& California
Bt. : rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A BEAUTIFUL ring containing 2 diamonds and
ruby. $42: Is a bargain at $70. UNCLE HAR-
', R1S. 15 Grant ave.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
! »lnes, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
, etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
PALOON and fixtures; Georgia St.. In Vallejo:
rare chance: party changing business no
agents. St. Germain Billiard Co., 409 Market.
' ONE lathe Dow pump, pulleys and shafting
at a bargain. 634 Mission St.
' ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery St.. sell
at low figures all makes 2d-hand typewriters.
FOR SALE— A good mastiff watchdog. Ad-
dress C. P. CHRISTENSEN. Santa Rosa. Cal.
'. GASOLINE engines, new * 5d hand: all sizes;
' ¦ cheap; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
I beam. Apply at 216 California gt.
: NINE weeks' old cocker pups: black and red;
[ champion stock. ROBINSON. 1823 Turk st.
" FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
» boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
• 2D-HAND steam, gas. oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White, 518 Mission.
• PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
t PHOTOGRAPHIC and — tagio lantern goods
I bought, sold,- exchanged., 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEB>
¦ MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Post st.
I SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
> WALTZ BAFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
; misceli,am:«)C9 wants.
A— KLEIN pays best price for clothing, bric-a-
. brae, old gold. 109 Sixth st : phone Jessie 141.
' BOWS & arrows. Woman's Archery Club. Unl-
" verslty of Cal. Box 2077. Call office. Oakland.
T LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothinar bought &
' sold. Ellverman. 984 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
7 WANTED— Uprlgh.t piano for cash. H. L,
1 WHITEHEAP. 1710 Market st.
5 '- r HIO.NEV TO LOAN.
~ A— MONET to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will loss
j their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
- publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
• AA— BEST rates and easiest" terms.
.- ' Second . Mortgages —....
.............. Interest In Estates
.Undivided Interests In Real Estate
- , Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
- solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
0 ANY amount at « per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
¦. gages, ; undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; set ~>y terms before doing business else-
- where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. _
n ANY proposition, any amount; f per cent; first.
It fecond mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
•- In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
>-' mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor.
L I Chronicle building. HALLORAN * QLSEN.
MOXEY TO tOA5.
HIGHLT respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, W6 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third St.
A— J30O.0OO ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery g.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prtvatJ
party; no removal: no coi—mlssIon; conflden-
tlal. Room X Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jonea.
MOST reliable place to toi— t>— ' on diamonds,
watches., Jewelry. TV. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick: lowest Interest: ea*y terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 6$.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver.
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave.
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
JlCO.ioo TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bids. Co.. 22? Fansome. rm. ~i.
LOANS 1st or 2d mtgs: oity. country: 6%. undi-
vlc>d Ints.: estates'. HARPER. 317 Farrott big.
Al'STIN'S SalaTj- Loan Co.. 3KS Parrott bulM-
lng: men can secure loans on prrs onal not**,
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan.
THR T^USLET CO.. 321 Parrott bids.
MONKY t.. lo«n nn furniture by private party;
low nte. 91" Market St.. rcom 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on not* without
Indorser. MORRELL. <09 Examiner building.
TO salaried peoy>> without cclltteral or li-
rtor-er. S. F. Discount Agency. IV? FTifTan b'?.
MOXEV WASTED.
WAXTEl^To borrow K0OO for 5 years at T
per cent: first-class mortgage security. J. M.
JOHNSON. &3 Third s>t. : phone Red SI.
MUSICAL I.>STIllMENT8.
chTckering^ rrrrr."Trrr..v...i.i".r?r^ir.'^rr$7s
Great Union 90
Halnes Bros 179
Hallett & Davis 123
Sherwood & Son lji>
Kramer Bros ISO
Eenrlder ISO
Arlon 130
Schiedemeyer ISO
Sterling 225
Curta2 240
Standard J_J
Conover **>
Easy payments if desired. It will pay you
to see BKNJ. CURTAZ &. SON. 18 O'Farrell
st_ 4 Chlckerlng Agency. >
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay A Co.'s with
eaulest payments, lowest prices "and most re-
liable maker* to choose- from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway .down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and lo— '
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from date of purchase
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
*S per month. We offer to sell, some good
piano* for J3. J4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
Der Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oak-
land^ ___________——————————
A NOVELLA upright '• •*"
Y^** :::::::::::::::::::::::::::£:"&: w
3 Steinways *130. I27o. JET.
Hallet & Davis iifsS*
!0 new pianos at $152. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 Geary st.. agents Hallet &. Darts, '*3»*'.
and most famous plane la «x!sts_e« OCf
new rent contract; you na~» prlvilage to r*»
turn piano If not satisfied.
THE Zeno Mauvals Music Co.. 763 Market st-
are offering the best bargains In pianos that
are to be found In this city. They offer nn»»
Decker & Son. Packard. Ban— icister, Straube.
Gil more or Arlington, at lowest prices and
allow you to pay In small Installments If you
prefer. Any piano sold will be taken In ex-
change for a Decker at any time. Second-
hand Instruments at special bargains always
on hand.
ABSOLUTELY the o!d»«t find largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S. 2«.
2S and 30 O'Farrell st ; pianos, organs ant
all other musical Instruments of all gradss
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing, possible done to please and satisfy th»
customer. \ ¦¦<:-.
WANTED— To rent, upright piano, tn Berke-
I»y; state terff.3. Box 1373. Call office.
ON sale— $2S5: Hallet-Davls upright; cost J673.
Rcom 33. 217 Geary st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. Con.
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co., 31» Post,
FOR eale or rent— A fine upright piano; ter— is
moderate. 853 Mission st. _-
BARGAIN— Must be sold: nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister St.. next gib. Bank.
A NEARLY new —rand norieht cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORXCNQ. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT J-pedal upright: sacrifice: Ieavlnsr
city; standard make. 324 Golden Gate ave.
A CLEARING out sale ef pianos In storage:
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Bvron
Mauzy. Gabler and -Speilman pianos. SOS Post.
SPECT AX, sale — Immense reductions: see our
leader, only «50. BRITENN. 208 Post st
3-PEDAL upright: nearly r.ew; bargain; owner
leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. ShonlngT a<r?ney.
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos. S3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZT. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham vlnr*-.
OFFICES AXD STORE^ TO LET.
NET t* store. 4 rooms, bath, yard rs splendid lo-
cation for grocery cr butcher, pork, produce,
delicacy business. Apply 230 Crescent ave.
SMALL store: central location: chaep rent; S
living rooms; large yard. 409 Sutter at.
OIL. "*
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Co. buys, develops.
exploits and sells oil lands: has exceptional
advanta-es for securing Eastern capital In
proved fields; communications confidential. F.
H. Hausman, Sec. 8th floor, r. 32. Mills btdg.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. S30 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
2SC0 ACRES oil land: S3 to 13000 p«r acr«. W.
C. HAMILTON. 8 Floo_— building.
RELIABLE man will locate oil land In Texaa.
Address "Oil Land," box 1233. Call office.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
20 OR 40 acres for sale In 24— 2S— J7. Kern River
Oil District; a grand chance for a company It
taken immediately. J. S. EWE.V, 123 Call-
fornla st. room 407. San Francisco. Cal.
KERN River: proven territory: line of B. R.
Newton. C»r— ten * Pom es. r. KM. Chronicle.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATORS.
V Tall paper, •window shades: rooms papered, a
tin. Jensen ft F*ath. SM StTth at. : ocen ewnlnn.
MRS. BALDWINTTate Tof the ChlrologlcaTcoW
lege of Los Angeles, has opened a school la
this city; scientific palmistry taught; read-
ings; hours 10-12 and 1-5. 3C9 Powell st
Arrived— Prof. A. Myers, the celebrated Euro-
pean occultist and palmist; consultation $1.
142S Mission, nr. 11th: 10 to 12m. 2 to 5 p. m.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. 315
Tavlor st. h*t. Geary and Pent: tel. Black 5S1
PATENTS USD PEXSIOX9.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL Law -er. Examiner bl*.
PERSONALS. — —
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille- wov« rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 703 Fifth. Oakland.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 10 per night: IX 60 to S3 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery »t.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. SI 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
WHY guess? You are certain of style and fit by
using Standard Patterns: February styles
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 10~ i Market st.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. |2 2_ EASTERN OUTFITTING-
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.
FRED MANN, magnetic healer, has returned
and will be glad to see old patients; head
troubles; weak eyes. 843 McAllister st.
13 OR $3000 to loan on diamonds, sealskins, sil-
verware, all valuables. UNCLE HARRIS. U
Grant are.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates: ID
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie ¦_
PRIVATE detective work; skillful Investiga-
tor; low rates. Box 1398. Call office.-
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electrio needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter st
MASQUERADE costumes play books, win-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN Sk CO.. 733 Mkt."
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, in* best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDUM3 Egyptian Henna: restores «t_-
halr to its natural color: tl; at all drngmistaL
PHYSICIANS AJfD SURGEONS.
WVG : C. OTJONNELL-Offlw aad ret_d___T
XMlii -tarket ¦t. betwmxi suuTiia^.tJSSSIWHALING BARK CATHEAD LEAVING FOR THE SOUTHERN SEAS.
FROM THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS SHE WILL GO TO THE OKHOTSK
ANI> THENCE TO SIBERIAN WATERS.
Wild Story Along the Water Frqnt That a Man Had Been
Shahghaieid on the " Wind Jammer" Gayhead.
The Draymen's Association has a kick
coming over, the condition -of Howard
street wharf No. 3." The floor of the struc
ture is bltuminized, and the teamsters say
it is very . slippery. Through ' Williams,
Dimond & Co. .they asked that the wharf
be sanded. • The board decided that.it had
nothing to do with the matter and refused
to entertain the proposition.
'. The Union Iron W otks submitted a blue
print of > proposed dredging around the
place : where the launching of the Ohio
will take place. The matter was referred
to the chief engineer and there will be
plenty of water in the* basin when Presi
dent McKlnley views the launching of the
big battleship. • - ~
The proposed building of a new wharf
inger's office on Broadway wharf was re
ferred to the chief engineer.
The Merchants' Transportation Com
pany was given a temporary berth at the
foot of Washington' street for their steam
ship City of Dawson. The vessel wae
built for the Yukon trade, but was later
sold to pay expenses. She is now going
to run opposition between here and Sac
ramento. * • • - ~-> : ¦•".-'
The contract : for building three sheds
between slips 4 and kon the front was let
to Hannah Bros, for $4849.
Robert Wakefleld offered to remove
Fishermen's wharf and the ferry slips at
Lombard street for the lumber and ma
terial he might save. The Commissioners
gave, him- the contract with the proviso
that all submerged piles must be removed
ana a depth of 30 feet at low water pro
vided at all wharves where vessels dock.
Her Days Are Numbered.
The barkentlne "W. H. Dimond will prob
ably never be seen In Ban Francisco Bay
again. She takes a general cargo from
here to Honolulu and on her arrival there
will be dismantled and turned into a coal
hulk and used to -supply the steamships
of the Oceanic Steamship Company and
will probably end her days in Hawaiian
waters. I Captain Houdlette, now master
of the fine new steamship Sierra, was for
merly in command of the Dimond, while
Captain Drew, now of the Andrew "Welch,
serwsd seven years in her. The Dimond
is' a good carrier and has always.made
Quick^runs. • She will be. missed on the
coast.- . - ¦¦¦;;.'*: ¦¦ -• : 1 .-'.,--:
Water Front Notes.
The brlff Galilee has come out of re
tirement ag-ain and -will load general mer
chandise for Honolpu, H; T., In the Hind,
Rolph & Co. line. : The Galilee was with
drawn from the Tahiti run when the
steamship Australia was put on. '
75 One of Allen's j coal carts was backed
overboard ' the steamer Captain
HARBOR COMMISSIONERS MEET.
Many. Matters of - Importance Are
. Passed TJpon by the Board.
ONE of the first of »the whalers to
get away was the bark Gayhead.
She was towed to sea" yesterday
- by. the tug Redmond and from
here .will . go to the ¦ Southern
Seas. Formerly a vessel clearing on such
an ; expedition' would give her destination
as ;Guam. That was In ' the ¦ days ; when
Guam meant nowhere. Now It Is an Isl
and under the American ftag, and whalers
clear for a cruise in the Okhotsk Sea, via
Honolulu. ; •
, There was some trouble on the Gayhead
before she got to sea.; One of the sailors
was taken aboard drunk and immediately
a cry went. along the front that he had,
been shanghaied. The fact of the matter
was that the man secured a few dollars
yesterday and got. drunk. His boarding
master -. rounded him up in a Barbary
Coast saloon, took him to the front in a
wagon and put him aboard his ship.
The Gayhead : leads the , fleet of wind
jammers, . but in a few weeks from ¦ now
the - steamships will be headed for the
Arctic and once more the chase after the
leviathan of the deep will begin. Vessels
that go to the Okhotsk are principally
after sperm oil, while vessels that go to
the Arctic are after bone.
WHALERS ARE ONCE AGAIN
LEAVING FOR THE ARCTIC
chants" . Exchange, Saa Francisco. Cal.,
January 3. 190L . . '
The time ball on tha, tower of tha new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noow to-day—
I. e.. at coon of the 130th meridian., or at f
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich 'time. *
C.VO. CALKINS.
. We^essj^^QojjTOMacv-U^a!^!^!^^^^
Branch " Hvdrosraphlc Office, 17. 9. N.. Mer-
Tims Ball.
THUKSDAT. JANUARY It
NOTE- In tile above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given la tha left
hand column and the successive tides of U>»
day in the order of occurrence u to Urn* of
day. the third time column rives tha Ia«t tlda
of the day, except when there are but tare*
tides. .as sometimes occurs. The heights given
ar«i in addition to the soundings on the United,
States C ft it Survey charts, except when &
minus rtjn (— ) precedes the .height, and then
the number given ts subtracted from the depth
Klven br ' the charts. The- plane of ref erenc*
is the mean of the lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and, Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Sanrejr—
Times and Heights -of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bar- Published br official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE-:The high and low waters occur at th«
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort ' Point; th«
height of tide la tha same at both places.
TO SAIL.
™ Arrived ; Jan 2S- : --Jai> . stmr. Tosa " Mara. ~. : from
Yokohama. ¦ "\ , ' ¦ , -
MAZATLAN-^-SalledJan 23— Mex atmrjMex-
Wednesday, January 23.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, 54 hours from San
Pedro.-
Stmr Despatch. Johnson. 70 hours from As
toria.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. 13 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen. 17 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr. Whltesboro, Olsen. 20 hours from
Cleone. »
Stmr North Fork. McLellan, 27 hours from
Eureka. - .
Stmr Samoa. Hlgrglzis. S7 . hours from San
Pedro.
Br bark Auldglrth, McConnell. 76 days from
Montevideo.
CLEARED.
"Wednesday, January 23.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka; GooJall, Per
kins & Co.
Br ship Cromartyshlre, Reid, Queenstown; E
C Evans.
Whaling; bark Gayhead. Fisher, whaling 1
cruise: C "W Fisher. . .
SAILED.
• Wednesday, January 23.
Stmr Queen,' Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Ar«to, Olsen. Coqullle River.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Kureka.
| Stmr Noyo. Johnson, Fort Bragsr
' Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay. .
Stmr Sant»-Ana. Strand, Seattle.
. Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria.
Bark ' Ferris ft .Thompson. Murk. Astoria.
Bark Levl G Burgess. Your.srgren, Tacoma.
' Wballns: bark Gayhead. Fisher, wh.allng.
Fr bark Eugenie Fautrel, L* Hueda, Queens
town. . .
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing;.
Schr Maxim. Olsen, ' Eureka.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Fort Ross. '
- Schr .San Buenaventura, Anflndsen, Grays
Harbor". . . "¦
Schr Archie and Fontie, Johannsen. Stewarts
Point.
Schr John G North, ' Erickson, Puret Sound.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO8, Jan "*23, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 8 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS." - - *
LONDON, Jan 22— Br bark Nlthsdale. from
Oregon, at Queenstown. had stanchions dam
aced and all boats lost. - I
" DOMESTIC PORTS, i
' PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 23— Br stmr
Victoria, hence Jan 19.
NEHALEM— Sailed Jan 23— Tu» Geo R Vos
berg, with bargre C H Wheeler in tow, for San
Francisco. - . -
BASDON — Sailed Jan 23 — Schr . Conflanza. for
San Francisco.
! COOS BAY— Arrived Jan M— Schr Free
Trade, hence Jan 18; schr Ivy. hence Jaa 13.
NEAH BAY— Passed in Jan 23— Ship Santa
Clara, hence Jan 13, - for Oyster Harbor; Br
stmr Bristol, hence Jan 20. for Chemainua.
Passed out Jan 23— Ger ship Alsterthal. for
Qut»enstown. ¦'¦' •
- GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Jan 23— Stmr W H
Krueer. ¦ for San Francisco. -
- ETUREKA— Arrived ¦ Jan 23— Schr - Helen N
Kimball. from Apia. - -
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 23— Schr Mildred,
from Honolulu. Jan 23— Schr Falcon, from
6al!na Crus: stmr American, hence Jan 18— Br
stmr Port Steohens. • from Port .Townsend.
-Arrived Jan .23— Stmr Cottage City, from
Alaska. -
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Lakme.
from San Dleso. . .
- ASTORIA— 8alled Jan 23— Stmr Georc* W.
Elder, for San. Francisco; stmr Argyll, for Ban
Francisco; Br ship- Inchcape Rock, for United
Kingdom. "K9I9
EASTERN, PORT..
1 NEW XORK— Sailed Jan 23— Stmr Advance,
for Colon. - ¦-' «-.r*w*i V
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAMBURG^-In port Dec 10— Br ship Hilston,
for • Honolulu. ¦
failed - Jan 25— Ger stmr Hispania, ¦. for Mex-
Ico. Auar •— Ger bark JK H Nlcolal. for Ma
zatlan. • .. — -
Arrived Jan 21 — Ger stmr Herodot, hence
Oct,2.-.- •¦•"- ¦•: ."" • ,"¦¦ - • ¦ <«¦•-•
MELBOURNE— Arrived prior to Jan 23-^Shlp
Spartan, hence N'ov 3. H***3^*3$MS)taMSlp>«ltf
AXTWERP^-Salled Jan 20— Br ship AUertoh.
for • San ' Francisco.- --.-'-- •
SINGAPORE— Sailed Jani22—Br stmr Glen
ochy.~for LJveroool. -
• SYDNEY— Arrived , Jan 23— Ship Got ; Roble.
from ¦ Tacoma. ¦'^^dV•vpH¦¦•(^¦KMM¦¦¦¦¦H¦¦M
« VICTORIA— Passed . up i-j Jan : 23— Stmr Vic
toria, from : Hongkons; stmr San Mateo^from
Port Lob . AnKeles," 1 for NanaJmo. . '
Arrived Jan 23— Br stmr 'Algoa, hence Jan 19.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
- Shlppin g ' merchants.
The Dunstaftnage will load wheat at Tacoma
for Europe.' prior to arrival: the John C. Pot
ter, coal at Tacoma for Honolulu: the Boasuet.
wheat at Portland for Europe. 43s 9d. prior
to arrival; the Prince Victor, lumber at Hast
ings Mills for Cork.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEA2I.*
Weber yesterday and the horse was
drowned. There was no guard on the
starboard side of- the steamer, and when
the horse began to back there- was noth
ing to stop him. The coal and horse are
lost, but the chances are that the harness
and wagon will be recovered.
John Maloney, a track man at the Santa
Fe yard, fell from a truck and broke his
leg/ yesterday. He was taken to St.
Mary's Hospital. r
The underwriters sent north to-day all
the material with which to get the wreck
ed schooner Czarina off the beach at Pau
loff. Alaska. The small craft is high and
dry. but it is thought she can be launched
without much trouble. - - .
The Panama Railroad Company's char
tered steamship St. Paul arrived from
Panama and way ports yesterday. Cap
tain Hays says that when. he was on the
isthmus all the stores were closed and the
town* was being intrenched. According to
the Jolly skipper, the rebel and Govern
ment troops are tne funniest specimens of
their kind he ever saw.
The monitor Wyoming 1 came off the dry
dock yesterday and will have her trial
trip in a few days.
Owing to the non-arrival of the English
mails the mall steamship Sonoma will not
get away until 2 o'clock this afternoon.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Oceanic
from Livenxx.il and Queenstown; stmr Bovtc.
from IJverDool.
• Sailed Jan 23— Stmr Majestic, for LlTerpool;
stmr Southwark. for Southampton and Ant*
werp; stmr Manitou. for London. %
. GLASGOW— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Fumelsla,
from Ntw York.
NAPLES— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Kalserta
Maria Theresa, from New York, for Onoa.
ALEXANDRIA— Sailed Jan 23-Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, for New York, via Genoa.
AUCKLANIV- Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Alameda.
from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for SyS^iey.
¦ HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Jan J3—8tmr
Idzumi Mam, from Seattle; stmr Olympla,
from Tacoma, via Yokohama,
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior to Jan 23— Stmr
Eldsvold. from Tacoma.
BOULOGNE— Sailed Jan 23— Stmr Bulgaria,
from Hamburg, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN-Sailed Jan O-Stmr Lak*
Champlaln. from Liverpool; stmr Ultoula.
from Liverpool, for Boston.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Ico. for San Francisco; stmr Curacao, for Saa
Francisco.
AUCKLAND— Arrived* Jan 22. at midnight—
Stmr Alameda, hence Jan 4.
HARWICH— Arrived Jaa 23-Br bark Nonna,
hence Au; 24.
BIRKE.NKEAD— Arrived Jan 23— Br ship
Beechbank. hence Auk 18.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 23— Br shl»
Robert Duncan, hence Sept 13: Br ship Se
mantha, from Oregon.
NANAIMO— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Saa Mateo.
from Port Ixjs Anceles.
Sailed Jan 23— Nor stmr Tltania, for Baa
Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt;i THURSDAY, JANUARY 24, 1901.
11
Steamer.
rom.
| Due.
W. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor Jan. 34
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 21
Eureka Humboldt ............... Jan. 2t
Point Arena.... Point Arena ...Jan. 21
Jeanie Seattle Jan. 21
China China and Japan Jan. 25
O. W. Elder Portland & Astoria Jan. 23
Pomona Humboldt Jan. M
Sesostrls Hamburg & Way Ports Jan. 2(
Tltanla Xanaimo Jan. 2S
Argyll.". Portland and Aatorta.. Jan. 2$
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Port* Jan. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports > Jan. 27
Prosreso Tacoma. .., Jan. 21
Queen San Diego j aa . 27
Bonlta ...... Newport Jan. V
San Pedro Humboldt Jan. 27
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 2S
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. Zi
Alliance Portland It Coo* Bay.. Jan. 2ft
Carlisle City.... China via San Diego. Jan. 23
Washtenaw..... Tacoma Jan. 2J
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 2$
Robert Dollar. . Seattle Jan. 2»
Argo CoqulUe River Jan. 29
Columbia..;.... Portland and Astoria... Jaa. 30
Mexico Mexican Ports "Jan. 30
Corona Newport fjan. 39
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
Jan nary 24. f
Hongkong: Ma China and Japan.. 1 pmTMSS
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pt» 2 pmjPler 1
rroronailo Grays Harbor 5 pmiPler :
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pmjPler £
January "5. t
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am'Pl^r :
Corona Newport » ampler 11
Jannarr —it. I
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier i
W. H. Krugei Grays Harbor Pier U
Point Arena., point Arena t pm Pier i
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Santa Barbar .Humboldt 10 am | Pier 3
} Junuary 27.- I
Santa Rosa.. 'San Diego 9 am Pier U
i. * '¦ January 28.
\capulco Panama &W»y Pts U m PJ1S3
STw. Elder.. Portland '& Astoria 11 ana Pier 24
Pomona Humboldt ...v. 2 pmjPler S
Jnnunry S9. j
gt Paul N. T. via Panama 2 pm Pier 31
Bonlta ffcwport » am! Pier U
Emptre Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Jannnry 3O.
Queen 3an Diego ....*. 9 am Pier l:
Arcata Coos Bay 13 mPleri:
Carlisle City. China and Japan.. 10 am 3 w »
Stra rises
Sua sets
Moon sets
7:»
5:23
10:33 p. m.
m Time Time
p Ft. rL
S: h w __ l w _J
23 ... 1:43 5.4 7:11 2.2
24 ... 2:23 3.6 8:09 1:8
23 ... 1:05 5.5 9:10 1.3
25 ... 1:50 6.S 10:17 1.0
27 ... 4:JS S.T 11:31 0.7
28 ... 6:37 5.9 12:44 0.3
L.-W H W
29 ... 0:00 2V 5:31 «:0
30 ... ,1:10 ?\ 7:31 6.1
Time Time
Ft. Ft.
H W I, W
1:15 6.4 7:34 O.t
2:14 8.0 t:l» O.T
3:3) 4.4 9:09 l.J
4:39 4.3 1:53 l.J
«:C3 3.9 1»:M 2.3
-7:34 4.0
X. W H W
IMS -0.1 1:4) 4.1
2:15-0.4 9:48 4.5
Stra rises
Sua sets
Moon sets
7:»
5:23
10:33 p. m.
m Time Time
p Ft. rL
S: h w __ l w _J
23 ... 1:43 5.4 7:11 2.2
24 ... 2:23 3.6 8:09 1:8
23 ... 1:05 5.5 9:10 1.3
25 ... 1:50 6.S 10:17 1.0
27 ... 4:JS S.T 11:31 0.7
28 ... 6:37 5.9 12:44 0.3
L.-W H W
29 ... 0:00 2V 5:31 «:0
30 ... ,1:10 ?\ 7:31 6.1
Time Time
Ft. Ft.
H W I, W
1:15 6.4 7:34 O.t
2:14 8.0 t:l» O.T
3:3) 4.4 9:09 l.J
4:39 4.3 1:53 l.J
«:C3 3.9 1»:M 2.3
-7:34 4.0
X. W H W
IMS -0.1 1:4) 4.1
2:15-0.4 9:48 4.5
Steamer.
rom.
| Due.
W. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor Jan. 34
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 21
Eureka Humboldt ............... Jan. 2t
Point Arena.... Point Arena ...Jan. 21
Jeanie Seattle Jan. 21
China China and Japan Jan. 25
O. W. Elder Portland & Astoria Jan. 23
Pomona Humboldt Jan. M
Sesostrls Hamburg & Way Ports Jan. 2(
Tltanla Xanaimo Jan. 2S
Argyll.". Portland and Aatorta.. Jan. 2$
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Port* Jan. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports > Jan. 27
Prosreso Tacoma. .., Jan. 21
Queen San Diego j aa . 27
Bonlta ...... Newport Jan. V
San Pedro Humboldt Jan. 27
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 2S
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. Zi
Alliance Portland It Coo* Bay.. Jan. 2ft
Carlisle City.... China via San Diego. Jan. 23
Washtenaw..... Tacoma Jan. 2J
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 2$
Robert Dollar. . Seattle Jan. 2»
Argo CoqulUe River Jan. 29
Columbia..;.... Portland and Astoria... Jaa. 30
Mexico Mexican Ports "Jan. 30
Corona Newport fjan. 39
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
Jan nary 24. f
Hongkong: Ma China and Japan.. 1 pmTMSS
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pt» 2 pmjPler 1
rroronailo Grays Harbor 5 pmiPler :
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pmjPler £
January "5. t
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am'Pl^r :
Corona Newport » ampler 11
Jannarr —it. I
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier i
W. H. Krugei Grays Harbor Pier U
Point Arena., point Arena t pm Pier i
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Santa Barbar .Humboldt 10 am | Pier 3
} Junuary 27.- I
Santa Rosa.. 'San Diego 9 am Pier U
i. * '¦ January 28.
\capulco Panama &W»y Pts U m PJ1S3
STw. Elder.. Portland '& Astoria 11 ana Pier 24
Pomona Humboldt ...v. 2 pmjPler S
Jnnunry S9. j
gt Paul N. T. via Panama 2 pm Pier 31
Bonlta ffcwport » am! Pier U
Emptre Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Jannnry 3O.
Queen 3an Diego ....*. 9 am Pier l:
Arcata Coos Bay 13 mPleri:
Carlisle City. China and Japan.. 10 am 3 w »
n nAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
JuTIl ESTATE BARGACfi" T~ '
A. M. SPECK & CO
«T MARKET ST., OPPOSITE KEARNT
S210O-REDUCED FROM $2500
Fear flats; rents |30; all rented.
»:coo.
Focr fiats; rents US: downtown, near 4th st.
J6000.
Three choice fiat*; near Port and Taylor »ts.:
U-room house; lot 40xS0 leet.
tu.ooo.
Sutter St.. rear Taylcr; very cheap
fll.OOft-3 BRAND-JfEW FLATS.
Rented ur.fiep lease for 1102 a month- half
rash required.
j£ £ 17500.
. . : -, fcra £ a n ' w: « &£t or V " *>•» *?«•:
-vrts 172; all rented.
P,. 13^00— REDUCED FROM 118,000.
Markct-et. corner, store and flat.
~»~ $14,000.
Grand 14-roora residence on Jackson st
J14.000-REDUCED FROM J1S.600.
Business property; game tenants for years-
ft ore and rooming-house. * *
116.000.
Orand corner: Leavenworth ft; 60 feet front'
a." rented for $125; mortgage ?3000 can remain
J73.00O-lREDrCET> FROM JS2.000.
Choice corner let, T5-:oot front; within half a-
blcck of Market Ft.; with old Improvements-
rents abcut ?40C>; the only corner that can be
b«ught vicinity of Sixth st
f 12. 000.
Rents $100; S new fiats: choice locality.
« $20,000.
Corner, 60 feet front; vicinity Sutter st., east
of Hyde; «rand hotel, office or rooming-house
ji,5,000 INVESTED.
Grar.d correr; brand-new building-; guaraa-
tted ler.se pays $^00 a moath net
$lR.00O— VICINITY SECOND 1 ST.
Corner *ExlC2 feet, with improvements ;,rent-
lr.jr for tl'O per month.
This <i*5trict is boorcinr.
$14,0Ofv^N-EAR SECOND AND MISSION.
Lot 4isTC feet; rer.ts nominal; a sure snap.
5M.O00.
Sutter-st. corner; £7:«xS7:«: elegant improve-
ments; rents $1SOO r«"r annum.
$105,000.
Market et, near Call; 5 per ceat net
A. M, SPECK * CO..
C£7 Market Ft., opposite Kearny.
Corregpcnaence solicited.
NORTH of the Park and not far out choice
lots: graded; ready for building: streets
graded, macadamized and sewered; electric-
ity, gas and water ready to turn on; cable
cars pass in front every few minutes; alsr
the Geary-st. cars within 240 feet; three '
frontapps to select from; north cid«? A et..
west Fide Sixth ave., east side Seventh ave.:
elres and 25x120; the cheapest lots In
the city. Think cf It! $525 to $060 each;
easy payments: first Installment £30; about
fir years ago these lots were appraised in
the Probate Court at $900 each; purchasers
can have use of abstract of title prepared
by Simpson & Millar; no expense for deeds,
contracts of cale or notary fees; any sav-
ings bank •will lend a large portion of the
purchase money; they are the cream of
Richmond property; the attention of build-
ers, contractors and carpenters is called to
these lots becaure they are choice, well lo-
cated, easy of access and very cheap; houses
would eell long before they were finished; to
those under salaries who have ambition to
live In th«?lr own home and save money the
opportunity is offered. W. J. GUNK, 530
California et., between Montgomery and
Kearcy.
IF you have property north of the Park and
you with to eell quickly, then call on W. J.
GITNN. £30 California et.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New Resolutions for the New Tear.
Invest Tour Surplus In a Good Lot
$100, COO and $300— Very best Ocean Boulevard
residence lots; none can beat us; only $5
monUU ' r -
$380 to $S0O-Graded Sunset Uth ave. Boule-
vard and Richmond lots: $10 monthly.
fTo to ti-00 — Level tola near Mission and San
Mateo electric care; 15 monthly.
;¦'¦". fry;, $1300 and $15C0 each— 4 splendid cot-
tages: trood locations: near cars: large lots:
payments same u rent.
Ersnch -office — 9th ave., near H st. Sunset
SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
Room 64. Chronicle building.
FOR Sale — An exceptional bargain in that ele-
pznt j0-room up-to-date residence. 775 Cole
Ft.: new; elegantly decorated; open dally.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore tt
A B&AXCB office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Velerria ft.
HEAL ESTATE— COCXTKV— For Sal*
A "fXAP" — Peculiar circumstances cause own-
er to sacrifice at half actual value 72H acres
tmigfet subdivide) very best land and location
in the "lovely Napa Valley," adjoining R. R.
Etation. near Napa City and steamer landing,
within free mail delivery: all highly cultivat-
ed level loam, now In crop: not inch of waste:
unequaled for fruit, vines, corn, lovely home:
ha? rented for $10 acre; offered for $69: could
cot buy adjoining land for less than $150.
REMEMBER— I am accurately acquainted
¦with more country property for sale and ex-
change than all ether arents in S. F.; SO0O
ranches on my list. State what's wanted
and get reliable descriptions of bargains.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Agent 6 Geary st
M. GRIFFIN, 718 Market et. eells and ex-
rhanpo* city and country realty; printed
lists: Sonoma, Santa Clara, Shasta and nil
other coufctles. •"--,-/
J5 AN acre. 160 acres, deeded homestead: clear
cret-k land, for vegetables; Coos Co.. Oregon.
51. GRIFFIN. 713 Market, nr. Call building.
FOR rent— Profitable fruit and hay ranch, near
city: cash or shares. D. S.. box 1339. Call.
V.-RITE J. W. HORN. £12 Main.'' Fetaluma, for
Trie copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
<~el!. 16 pa?es, sect to any address In the
REALTY TO EXCHAXGbT"
TO EXCHANGE— Two (2) choice building lots
In Oakland for Tacoma or Seattle property.
C P. CURTISS. 110« Pacific ave.. Tacoma.
v.-.sh. ¦
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA .ROOMS A.\D DOARD.
¦\vn ofT«r t-lejr&r.t suite of rooms and board in
f~le<-t private home In Alatneda. to refined
cmiil»: r^f.rPTifPs required, l>-x 353, CalL
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW neat eery cottage; 6 rooms, bath, large
hall, pantry, folding doors, pretty wooden
mantel, tiled fink, porcelain bath, gas or
electric lights throughout the house, station-
ary washetand and tubs.- hot and cold water,
brirk foundation, high basement; lot 40x110;
a blocks . irotn station, school, stores and
d>UTchee; 1 block from electric cars; price
tlSOO; only $100 cash, balance $17 monthly;
step paying rent and be your own landlord;
take Berkeley train and ret off at Lorin sta-
tion: aek for RUDOLPH. PERKINS &
LTON: office ooen Sunday*.
OAKLAXD ADVERMMEiNTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKUM) HEAL ESTATE.
$2250-^FRESENT~cash value $3000;a new Swiss
chateau; sunny ixjwure; laire lot; 6 rooms
and bath; ojjen plumbing-; unique design and
beautifully arranged: ppace will not permit
of extolling its charming qualities; 5 min-
utes* walk to Fourteenth and Broadway;
close to cars, schools, etc.; seeing Is be-
lieving:, call early. See J. 6. MYEIiS & CO.,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
J2200-CHEAP for JXtfO; new Dutch bungalow
cottage with .the latest Ideas In architec-
tural deelcn and finish; Interior finish and
decorations; beautiful; lot SSxl20; close to
business center, schools, cars and local
trains to 6an Francisco; terms, 1300 cash;
oSered at these terms and price for one
week only: withdrawn If not sold within the
time: first come first served. See J. S.
MYERS & CO.. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$5500— FCfK a $10,000 property; large corner lot;
10-rocrn house; near business center and lo-
cal trains; positively a great bargain; space
will not permit extolling Its good qualities.
If a No. 1 bouse and a bargain Is wanted
is a first-class neighborhood call early; see-
ing Is bfllevtEg. J. 6. MTERS & CO., 1002
Broadway, Oakiaad.
$750 CASH, balance $12 60 monthly till paid;
cottage of 4 large rooms; nice high basement,
brick foundation*: large* new barn; " fine
chicken bouses; 4 fine brooderles. chicken
eheds and chicken runs; plenty of fine water;
near a fine school bouse, wide avenue and
boulevard; 1% acres more or less, all fenced;
cite, climate and noil the very best; this Is a
property well worth eeelngr, end It a very
preat bargain: with a nice young fruit or-
chard In bearing: price all told. $1809. Call
or send for circular for cheap lot», 455 Bev-
'r*h rt. t Oakland; Broadway nation; car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES, Owner..
OAKLAND FCRA'ITCRB KOR. SALE.
AX introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furnltur* dealer, nth and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALTON. 204 McAllister— Sunny front suite;
also Eunny front suite for housekeeping. $25.
FIFTH, 253— Two furnished housekeeping". 112;
qlto > for <14; elngle. H to V. _^
EfYDE, Iig— Sunny front . alcove suite, com-
plete for housekeeping; no children.
GLEN PARK arc, 6. off 12th and Mlsslon-
a furnished clean sunny. rooms; closet. ¦
HOWAItD, 1604—2 furnished rooms complete
for housekeeping; private; cheap.
MINNA 237. bet 3d and 4th (New York House)
—Single, double- and housekeeping rooms.
TWO large eunny front rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; rent S3 60 per week;
also front rooms, $1 per week- up. Apply shoe
store, D62 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MISSION, 1729H. nr. ' 12th— 2 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath, laundry; $8.
OCTAVIA. 1403 cor. Geary— Large furnished
bay window, mantle, Welsbach, kitchen, op-
tional.^ .
I POLK. 622— Desirable unfurnished and rur-
nlehed rooms. ¦ ,
SOUTH? PARK, 1T7— 5 furnished rooms, com-
pletejpor housekeeping; bath: ¦ . ' -
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn, and Unfnrn.
AHLBORX HOTEL. 821 Grant' ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 50c up; first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A-BRUXSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms 25c
to SI per night; SI 25 to S5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night -
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1164)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single ; also unfurnished.
EITSH, C20 (The Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
rrae; day 25c up; wk. II 60 up. Mrs. P. Ranft
EDDY, GO"— Front bay-window and side room's;
with or without board.
FOLSOM. 834— $1 a week; large sunny fur-
nished room; closet, bath; private.
GEARY. <05(The Navarre)— Hlepahtly furnished
rms; eultes or single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 40»— Parlor floor. of 4
large, partly furnished rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
Eingle; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms; private; bath; sin. rms; board optional.
LEWIS place, 18. off Taylor, - near Post— Fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms to let; single
or en suite. -J- i \
MASON, 611— Sunny furnished /room;' ras,
bath; also single room; private family.
MINNA, 6C7, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room: SI per week: transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market st— Nicely
I furnished rocms, S2 a week up; 3Sc a day up.
I OTARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
, offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
PINE, 2?14,«near Broderick— Nlrely furnished
gunny front room, with bath, S3.
POSEDALE House. 819-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. £5c to SI; week. SI 25 to S«: open night.
ROYAL Hcuse. 126 Ellis st— Incandescent light;
reading-room, Bmoklng-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per nicht. 35c to SI 60: week, S2 to
*S; month. $S to $30: elevator on ground door;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH, S662, near Castro— A nice sunny
furnished room; near cars; rent S5. '
SUTTER. 3204— Chanr^d hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms. S8; suites. S12 to $25 mo.
TAYLOR, 611 (Norwood) — Rooks en suite and
elnrle; phone; hot and cold water; sunny.
ROOMS AND nOARD.
ELEGANTLY & newly furnished sunny apart-
ments with or without board; cuisine unex-
celled. 1103H Broadway, cor. 12th St.. Oak-
land, top floor: MRS. M. C. ROBINSON, Prop.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp.- Grace
Church, with annex POT California st. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
HANDSOMELY furnished modern suite: two
other rooms; quiet, refined home; private
fumlly; excellent home cooking. 1312 Ellis.
P.OOMS and board; prices reasonaBle. 415
r*irst rt.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
A PARTY wishes to board out . a 'child six
years old. Call S8 Third St.. room 9.
ROOMS WASTED.
..„ V ,.,,. ,~..^..^
LADY wants two sunny front housekeeping
rooms: ras, bath: private family. Box 1352.
Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES-Chlcheeter English Pennyroyal" Pills
are the best: eafe, reliable: take no other:
»end 4c stamps for* particulars; "Relief for
Ladies" In letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chlehester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for t4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 M"ntp-oTn*ry ?t.. rooms 9-10: tel. S58O.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing «ruaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold.- rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 eth: phor$> Mint 3.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
offlce. Poet and Powell sts.; tel. Main S713.
WILSON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
BKKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main ]M0: phlnp'np at cut rates. '.
TELEPHONES.
TELEPHONES, house or private lines, $4 50 a
set: electrical work Installed. 1536 Pt^Lobos.
TO LEASE.
BLACKFMITHS or horseshoers; will take it out
in trade; rent J10 a month; corner Hearne
and Ninth. HOWARD H. HOGAN, 104 Pine.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
G REAT^BARGAINS IN~TYPEWRITEnS^wi
sell better machines for Iera money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchaiipe. 63S California; telephone Main 268.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
B7vn3E^D~'^o^ice^California Wine Asso-
ciation.— Dividend No. IS of sltty cents per
chare hae been declared, and is payable on
and after Monday, February 11, 190L at the
ITnlon TruBt Company of San Francisco.
¦ Ftocfc books will close on Tuesday. February
E, 1501. at 3 o'clock p. m., up to which date
transfers of stock may be made at the Union
Trust Company. By order of the Board of
Directors.
HENRY VAN BERGEN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 113 (fifty
cents per ehare) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company^ will be payable at the - offlce of
the company, 227 Market st, on and after
Friday. February l, 1ML Transfer books will
close on Saturday. January 26, 190L at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company. Ban Francleco. January 21. 1801—
At a regular meeting of the board of direo-'
tors of this company, held this day, a divi-
dend was declared payable on' and after
.January 22, 1901.
LOUIS WEINMANN. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
BAN FRANCISCO. CAUf January 22 190L—
Sealed proposals. Jn triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m. February
— 21. 1301, and then opened, for construction of
a buiWins for chapel and reading-room at
the Presidio of San Francisco, Cal. Govern-
ment reserves right to reject or accept any
or all bids in whole or in part. Preference
riven to. articles of domeetia production, con-
ditions of price and quality (including in
the price of foreign productions the duty
thereon) being equal, and such preference
Klven to articles of American production pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast, to extent of con-
sumption require* by the public service there.
Information furnished on application to J
M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaeter Oen-
eral. Chief Q. M. -
' BLa-BKT A QE LICENSES.
The following marriace licenses were Issued
yesterday: -¦ ¦ ' ~. ¦¦¦..* -. ¦¦ . • :
Arthur C. WJieeler. J4, 1«47 Geary street, , and
Louise A. Gray. 19, 1847 Geary street
William J. Dorfls, 85, AHuraa, and Mary B.
Dean, 26. city.
John B. Slman. S3. Los Gat os, and Agnes F.
Ftscher, 24, city.
William P. Glynn. »L 1880 Geary street and
Mary E. Cavanagh, 22, 925 Jones streeti '
Thomas J. Wlnshlp. 25, 713H Union Btreet,
and Mamie Antonl. 24. 62» Union street.
BIRTHS— MARRlASES— HEATHS.
Birth, marriace and : death : notices \ sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication' offices, and b«
indorsed with the name I and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOKMV-,,
JONES— In this , city, • January, 16. , WOi; to the
wife of W. Offwsn Jones, a son.
Richard' Love, i native ot Donegal, Ire-"
land. *¦ : :''\"-:i*., .--. ¦¦-¦-¦« ¦
•• ICT Friends ; Me ¦ respect fully .-: Invited ' to at-
. .tend the funeral services this day • (Thurs-
.; day), at-1 o'clock, atthe parlors of N. Gray
. & Co.,: 641 Sacramento- street. * ¦ v
LYON 8-In this - city, January 82.1 1WL James
M. Lyons, beloved husband of . Mrs. Ellen
- Lyons,* and father* of ¦ Mrs. Prank Fowden.
a native of New Tork,S aged ' 68 years.'
» jprFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from . the parlors
of the Cral« & Cochran Company. ¦ 62-56 Mint
avenue. . Incineration - at Odd Fellows' ' Cre-
matory at 2 o'clock. . _ . . ,
MTRTLB Lodf e i No. 43, A. O. U. W.— Offi-
cers and Brothers: -,-, You are ordered to
assemble, at 66 Mint avenue, at 12:30 o'clock
sharp, to attend the funeral oti our late
brother,- P. M. W. James - M. Lyons.
CHARLES W. SAUNDER8. !!.*>/
MERK— In ; this dty, January - 22. 1901. Au-
gusta, beloved wife of the • late John Merk,
and mother of Albert. Annie, -John, Joseph
and LUlle Merk and .Mrs. J. Rowe. a native
of Germany, aged 44 years 7 months and 27
days/ - ' . '.¦•¦•¦¦: ' -" ,¦ s: .
; . py Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 -o'clock, . from the parlors ' of
H. I\ Suhr &: Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Lau-
rel HUl Cemetery. ¦
MULLBR— In this : city. January/ 23, 1901, C.
, Muller, a native of . Germany, aged 66 years.
MURPHY— In Butte. Mont., January 17, 190L
• Eugene Murphy, a native of v County Cork,
' Ireland. :¦- . ¦ - - . .
(E?*Remalns at the residence of his Bister,
14 Kisslins" street. Friends are Invited to at-
tend the mass • at - St. Joseph's Church
this day (Thursday), at 9 . o'clock. I Inter-
ment private. , ¦:«
O'CONNELL— In this dty, January 23 1301,
Thomas, O'Connell, beloved son of the late
Timothy . and Mary Ann O'Connell. and
brother of Mrs. Jane Lee and the late Nellie
O'Connell, a ; native of San Francisco, aged
48 years and 8 months. . •
O'CONNOR— In this city, January 28, 1B01,
Catherine, beloved wife of John O'Connor,
and mother of Dennis. John, Michael. James
and Mary O'Connor and Mrs. Thomas Qulnn,
a native of Ireland, aged 65 years. (Grass
Valley, Cal., papers please copy.)
(ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock,- from her late resi-
dence. 13O8H Mission street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church. - where a solemn requiem
high mass will be ; celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'HARE— In this city, January 23, 190L Pat-
rick O'Hare, beloved . husband of Mary
O'Hare. a native of Ireland, a*ed 64 years.
O'NEILL— In this city ¦• January 82. IDOL Alice
. O'Neill, a native of Ireland. " >*' .'¦ -
{ETThe funeral will take '. place this day
(Thursday). •fromvBt.' Joseph's Church, where
a solemn requiem^mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
. o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RUSSELL— In Sequel. Cal.. January 22. 190L
Emily Russell, widow .of the -late George
Russell, a native of England, aged 82 years
7 months and 3 days.
KTTriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral , services this day (Thurs-
day), at 1 o'clock, at the parlors of N." Gray
& Co.. 641 Sacramento street. Interment pri-
vate. :¦¦ "¦•¦,'• -. •- ' ; ¦• -. ¦ ¦ i ¦: ;.¦¦¦•—
SMITH— In this city, January 22. 1901. James
W.. beloved husband of Katie L. Smith,
father of Anna M. . Smith, son of the late
James W. and Annie Frances Smith, and
brother of J. C.- and '; Frank Smith. Mrs.
George Murphy of Grass Valley and the late
. Mrs. J. B. Hoyle, a native of Utlca, N. Y.,
aged 42 years and 10 months. (San Jose and
Sacramento papers ¦¦ please copy.) ; .¦
ICSTrlends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock,- from the parlors
of Carew & Enrlish. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church. Tenth street,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his bouI, commenc-
ing at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
STERNBERO— At Veterans' Home, Yountville,
Cal., January 16. 190L Job Sternbergr. brother
of Mrs. E. F". Beers of San Francisco, a na-
tive pt . Herklmer County, New York, aged
67 years 1 month and 20 days./ (Albany and
Schoharie papers please copy^i V-
TAYLOR— In this city, January 23, 1S0L Annie
S., wife of Colonel C L. Taylor, and mother
of Mrs. H. C. Davis. Mrs". William M. Van
Dyke and Mrs. J. A. Margo. (Los Angeles
papers please copy.)
(E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Thursday), at 2:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of the First Unitarian Church, Franklin
and Geary streets. Interment private.
"WEIR— In Napa. January 22. 1901, Katie Weir,
beloved daughter of Donald and Mary Weir,
and sister of David 'Weir, a native of Cana-
da, aged 25 years and 12 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respeci-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at &:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, Mis-
sion Btreet, between Third and Fourth, where
Bervlces will be held, commencing: at 10
o'clock, thence to Third and Townsend
streets, 11 :30 o'clock train. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. _____ ' "• '; ~ ¦'¦'¦
;. CARD OF. THANKS,' • ; :.,'
" Mr. j and Mrs. Charles Strohmaier deelre to'
' . express their thanks for the . kindness and
sympathy shown them by their friends at
the death ' of their - beloved - son. . Charles
Strohmaier. . • '
Suits- marked down below cost
In order to close out all of this season's tailor made and rainy
day .suits prior to stock taking, we have marked down every suit
in the store below cost ; following are the prices for such colors
and sizes as we have on hand : " r
Tailor-Made Suits Rainy-Day Suits^ |
Reduced from $13. 50 to $ 7.5O Reducedfrorn $12.50 to $ 7.SO
Reduced from 1 5.00 to 9.00 Reduced ffoiji 17.00 to 10.00
Reduced from 16.75 t0 10.00 Reduced from 17.75^0 11.00
Reduced from 20.00 to J12.5O Reduced from 21.50 to 12;5O
Reduced from 27.00^0' 17.00 , Reduced from 23.50^0 14.00
Reduced from 35.00 to 21.50 f Reduced from _ 24.75 to -.15.00
Bargains in Small Gloves
This is an opportunity which, no lady, wearing a very small
glove should allow to pass; neither should the Values in misses,
gloves be overlooked on this occasion. At this sale you will find
ladies' dressed and. undressed , kid gloves in sizes 5^ and 5^,
worth #1.50, $1.75, and reduced to 6Oc a pair ; also misses
dressed and undressed- kid gloves in'all sizes, reduced from $1.00
-¦„. Every pail 1 guaranteed and fitted if desired.
Roman striped tapestry portieres, three yardsllong, fringed top
"and bottom, these go6d$ ; a re finished alike on both sides and come
In a great variety of beautiful c6lorings; at;
A large variety of derby tapestry portiere's in conventional,
Oriental and .Bagdad effects, full width, : three yards long, fringed
both top <i rid bottom, reduced to ; v
v ' r S.4. OO a oair
Wool Skirts ;;¦ v
Ladies' all wool woven underskirts, in. |;good variety of colors,
isuch as white,' navy and light blue, 'pink'and cardinal, t reduced to
; ' f- ; '2 each "' '''Y/.:i:-> ' '.
Big Reductions in Odd ffiizes
Ladies' and Children's Underwear
c.VWe- must close out all our odd sizes'in ladies' and, children's
underwear, 4 before stock^taking on February 2nd ; the prices have
been reduced to accomplish this. ; ¦ "
; '¦ Trimmings and Beaded "Nets
Reduced one-half
From now until stock taking February 2nd, 1901, we will sell
-short i lengths and odd^ ; patterns .'of , : ;lastseason's beaded laces and ;
rdress trimmings at 'about one-half . the \ price charged last fall <for.
the same goods. '; "' . . ,- ;.' : - ; ;_ , ¦/ >
Watch our show\ window* 'for 'stock taking bargains.
/ Write for our illustrated catalogue. ' "_«. ' V
liANNIN— la this dty, December 14, 1*00, to
the. wife of P. J. Lannin. a daughter. ::/. ¦¦-¦-
PEPPIN— In this city, January 22. 1901. to the
• wife of. B. B. Peppin. a son. .:, '
PLANT— In this city. January M,' 1901, to the
wife of . H. H. Plant, a daughter.
WALKER-In this city. January . 18/ 1901, to
thywife of J. Edwin Walker, a son.
r MARRIED.; ' t f
DA Vie— BIANCINI— In . this city. January 6.
1901. by the Rev. M. 8. Levy. George W.
Davis and Sibyl Blandni, both of San Fran-
cisco.
FRANK— LABLING— In this city, January} 6.
.1901, -.by the ~ Rev. -M. S. Levy, > David Frank
and Sarah Labllng.- both of San Francisco. -
STERN— WACHOLDER— In this city. January
«. 1901, by the Rev. • M. S. Levy, Clarence
Stern of San Diego and Ethyl wacholder of
Ban Francisco. ¦
DIED.
Bowlan. James C. King, 121a J.
Cannon. Ellen . Labarthe. Emma L. .
Cruden. Oeonre E. Love. Eleanor - •
Dale. Albert W. ¦¦ • Lyons. James M.
Denlcke. - Rudolf F. Merk, Augusta
Dillon, Margaret Muller.C. .
Drlscoll. Jeremiah Murphy, Eugene
Driscoll, Michael O'Connell. Thomas
Flguelredo (nee Qlo- O'Connor, Catherine
ver), Mary - O'Hare. Patrick
Frankenthal. Jacob O'Neill.- Alice
Gibbons. Mies Mary Russell, Emily .
Gilbert. Christopher Smith. James W.
Hansen. Severene Sternberg, Job
Harrigan. Dennis C. Taylor, Annie S.
Heath. Mrs. Harriet "Weir. Katie
Hilton. Mary A.
BOWLAN— In this dty, January 23. 1901. J»mH
C. Bowlan, a native of San Francisco, aged
32 years 4 months and 1 day.
CANNON— In this city. January 22, 190L Ellen,
dearly beloved daughter of Thomas and
Ellen Cannon, and sister of John P.. James
L., Elizabeth G. and the late John F. Can-
non, a native of San Francisco, aged 12 years
and 6 months.
CyKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at. 6:30 o'clock, from . the resi-
dence of her parents, 207 Sanohea street.
thence. to Mission Dolores Church, Sixteenth
and Dolores streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CRUDEN— In this city, January 22, 1901, George
K., husband of the late Mary Cruden, and
father of Annie, John, James, George and
Bessie Cruden, a native of Aberdeen. Scot-^
land, aged 47 years 9 months and 9 days.
M. K. B. A. No. 35— Members please meet at
1:80 o'clock this day (Thursday), to attend
the funeral of deceased brother, George Cru-
den. J. R. FLOUD. President.
WILLIAM WARIN. . Secretary.
DALE— In West Berkeley. January 22, 190L
Albert William, beloved eon of Albert Charles
C. and Annie L.. Dale, brother of Mae,
Gladys and Agnes Dale, and grandson of
Mrs. B. Dale and Mrs.' M. Horgan, ' a native
of West Berkeley, Cal., aged 6 years 11
months and 4 days.
E7"The ¦ funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at U o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 1S22 Fifth street. West Berkeley.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery on the
arrival of the 1 o'clock boat in. Kan Fran-
cisco. - - .'-
DENICKB— In this city. January 23, 1901, Ru-
dolf F. Herman Denlcke, dearly beloved hus-
band of Dora Denlcke.' a native of Hanover,
Germany, aged 43 years and 6 months. A
member of the German Krieger Verein. Han-
noveraner Verein and Beer Drivers' Benevo-
lnt Association.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
January 27, at 2 o'clock, • from B'nal'B'rith
Hall. 121 Eddy streets, -where funeral ser-
vices will be held under the auspices of the
German Krieger Verein. Remains at the
parlors of H. P. Petersea & Co.. 228 McAl-
lister street. . .
DILLON— In this dty, January 23. 1901. Mar-
garet Dillon, beloved daughter of the late
James and Anastasia Dillon, a native of San
Francisco. \ ¦
C^ Notice of funeral hereafter.
DRISCOLL— In this city, January 22, 1901,
Jeremiah Driscoll, beloved brother of Mrs.
Hannah Schram and Mrs. E. Madden, a na-.
tive of Ireland, aged 58 years.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 243 Hickory avenue, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner of Flllmore and Fell
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
DRISCOLL— In this dty, January 21. 1901,
Michael, beloved husband ' of Mary Driscoll.
and brother of Daniel Driscoll and -Mrs. I".
Hurley and the late Patrick Drlscoll, a na-
tive of Valencia, County Kerry. Ireland, agaf
26 years and 3 months. (Stockton papew
plenae copy.)
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:15 o'clock, "from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
| terment* Holy Cross Cemeter*
FIGUEIREDO (nee GLOVER)— An anniversary
requiem mass will be I celebrated Saturday,
January 26, at St. Francis Church. , Vallejo
street, at 9 o'cloek. for the repose "of the
soul of the late Mary Flguelredo. Friends
and acquaintances are respectfully invited to
attend.
FRANKENTHAL— In this dty. January 23,
1901, Jacob Frankenthal, beloved brother of
Mrs. J. Adelsdorfer and Fred and Charles
Frankenthal, a native of Fuerth, Bavaria,
aged 67 years 10 months and 12 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday); at 10 o'clock, from J.he residence
of his sister, Mrs. J. Adelsdorfer. 1710 Bush
Btreet. Interment private.
GIBBONS— In this city. January 22. 1901. Miss
Mary Ann, daughter of the late Captain F.
-W. and Margaret Gibbons, and loving sister
of Miss Winefred Gibbons, a native of Cleve-
land, Ohio. (Cleveland. Toledo and Chicago
papers please copy.) •
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1840 Howard street, thence to the
Church of St. Charles Borromeo. corner of
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. , ;
GILBERT— In this city, January 22, 1901,
Christopher Joseph, beloved, husband of the
late Mary Ann Gilbert, father - of James,
Rose M., Andrew C. and Marguerite Gilbert,
and brother of Victor and Joseph Gilbert, a
native of New Orleans, aged 68 years 1
month and 16 days. A member of Lodge No.
25 of Boilermakers and Iron Shipbuilders of
America, and late a member of Engine Com-
pany No. ¦ 4. Volunteer Fire Department.
CTFriends and 1 - acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th.e funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 32 Croke street, oft Mission road, ¦ be-
tween Five and Six Mile House, thence to St.
John's Church (Old St. Mary's College) for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HANSEN— In this. city. January 23. 1901,' Sever-
ene. beloved, wife of Ole Hansen, and mother
of Thomas - an* Olga Hansen. a native of
Norway, aged 50 years 10 months and 3 days.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tb attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 12:30 .o'clock, from her. late resi-
dence, 215 Fell street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church for «ervlceB ¦ at ' 1 o'clock. -Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ; .
HARRIGAN— In this city, January ¦ 22, 1901.
Dennis Cornelius Harrigan, ¦ dearly beloved
hurband of Mary Harrigan, beloved father of
Georeie and John Harrigan. son of Dennis
Harrigan, and brother of Daniel and the late
John Harrigan, Mrs. Julius Trost,,. Mrs.
- Charles Clark and Mrs. J. Fogarty, a native
of California, aged 35 . years and 2 days. A
member of Harmony Lodge No. 9. A. O.
U. W. • -•-: .' '-' ¦ - - '• •¦"-,.•
(TTFrlends and acquaintances • are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at- 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 411 Plxley avenue, between ¦ Fillmore
and ' - Btelner streets. - ' Interment : National
Cemetery. " _
HARMONT Lodge No. I. A. O. U. "W.— Offl-
' cers and members are requested to assemble
to-morrow . (Friday), . at 10 o'clock, at SIS
Plxley avenue, to pay ¦ the ' last ¦ tribute of
respect to our deceased brother. D. - C. Har-
rigan: - WILLIAM. J. CONDON.
; Master 'Workman.
I>. McSWEENEY. Recorder.
HEATH— Entered Into rest." lrt this city,", Janu-
- ary- 23 1901, ¦ Mrs. ¦ Harriet M. Heath, • a ¦ na-
tive of Oxford, England, aged 80 years. <
HILTON— In -East Oakland, January 23, 1901,
at 618 East Twenty-fourth street, at the home
of her daughter, Mrs. E. J. McChesney. Mary
A. Hilton, a ¦ native of ¦ New York, aged 78
years 1 month and 29 days. ; - . : * . -
KING— In" this city,', January 22 1901, Ella J.,
beloved wife of Cameron H. King, mother of
Jenet; George C, Cameron ¦ H.- and Lochlel
M. King, and sister of Maud B> Clock, - a
native of St. -Helena,; Cal..: aged 37 years and
2 months. ¦ - t WW5r > Pfr''f i >-^8|L< w yBtrt BiinsMsjg
- ICT The funeral will take place this, day
* (Thursday). -' at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 624 Guerrero ¦ street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. , ¦_• . >.; _.-.<- -,_
LABARTHE-^In this clty.Y January ? 23,- 1901,
Emma Lorraine Labarthe.. wife '. of George
Labarthe, beloved daughter of Martin I and
Hannah Boysin, --'¦ and •¦-. sister - of -¦ George,
Thomas, Wallace, William, and Grace Boy-
sin. Mrs.' William Kelly- and Mrs. Klrvtn. a
native of Stockton, Cal., aged '¦ 23 years i 6
months and 10 days.
(E7Frlends ' and : acquaintances are respect-
. fully ".Invited 'to -attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), a* 1 o'clock, 'from her late resi-
dence, B62A .'Natoma street, between Sixth
and Seventh. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
, tery. '- .-- :'¦..: ' -.: . .,-¦¦-.¦ ; .;
LOVE— In this city, January 22. 1801. Eleanor
Love, sister of Mrs. : F. W. Crawford /aid
' HENRY J. GALL AGH ER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) " Y
yUNERAL^DIRECTORS •AND^M^BALMKRa
a) Fifth St., opposite Lincoln SchooL - «
... - Telephone South 80. -¦ ¦
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS; I
n and 2» Fifth *it.^TeL" South" l«T.';i ;|
< nJlfERAL DIRBOTORB'aMD ;b1IBaL1«B3. I
; Finest' Equipment J at; Moderate j Rates."/:' IIn the IMLvorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Harry K. Marquis from Florence
Marquis for cruelty and Sophia Adams
from Richard Adams for habitual intem
perance. Suits for divorce were filed yes
terday by Carrie Lachman against Mor
ris Lachman for cruelty, Therese I^alanne
a,gainst Jean T. Lalanne for extreme
cruelty. Ida M. Qulnn against "Walter H.
Qulnn for statutory causesj Nina C. Voor
hies against H. P. Voorhles for desertion
and Minnie Cragoe against William W.
Cragoe for failure to provide.
vicinity. The Bichlerp refused to move
end Dickerson said he found the only way'
to get them out was to have the woman
arrested on a charge of Insanity, as she
swore at the neighbors and on one oc
casion threatened another one with a
parlor rifle, j
The matter will be investigated this
morning by the Commissioners of In
sanity.
The clerk of the court asked the usual
question: "Gentlemen of the Jury, have
you agreed upon a verdict?" and the fore
man, Jerome B. Stanford, rose and said,
slowly and deliberately: "We find the de
fendant guilty of manslaughter^"
Hdntington started as if he had been
shot and his mother covered her face
with her hands and burst into tears. The
defendant put his arms around her, and
mingled his tears . with hers.
The jury was polled and each answered
In accordance with the verdict. The'Judge
then thanked and discharged them.
The court announced . that • sentence
would be Imposed Saturday and the de
fendant was taken to the County Jail.
Ex- Judge Ferral will ask for a stay on
Saturday, as' he intends to appeal' to the
Supreme Court on the ground of misdirec
tion in the Judge's charge to the jury and
the further "ground that the" Judge erred
In not reading a part of. the defendant's
Instructions to the Jury.
This is the first conviction of the kind"
for years and the police take credit to
themselves for assisting in securing it.
The defendant's aged ) mother sat be
tween her husband and the defendant.
The three showed signs of the great men
tal strain under which they were labor
ing- They fixed their eyes upon the Jury
and Mrs. Belle McCottrey, the dead girl's
sister, also strained her eyes in the direc
tion of the jury box.
upon a verdict. Ex-Judge Ferral, who
represented the defendant, was not in
court and it took several minutes for a
deputy sheriff to and him. Meanwhile
a Jury was being: Impaneled In a burglary
case and as coon as it was completed
a recess was taken and the Huntlngton
Jurors took their seats in the Jury box.
Incandescent light- wiring a specialty. Elec
trical Engineering Co.. 6O»-511 Howard st. •
sanity instead of a writ of ejectment in
order to get rid of objectionable tenants
resulted yesterday m the 'arrest "of- Mrs.
Elizabeth Eichler of 332 Lily avenue, be
tween Page and Buchanan . streets, and
her detention, in the ' Insane ward of the
Receiving Hospital.
The warrant was sworn to 'by Henry
Dickerson of 821 York street and accuses
Mrs. Eichler of insanity without alleging
any specific cause further than those em
braced in the usual printed forms -used.
Dickerson is the owner of the 'property
at 332 Lily avenue. The warrant was
served by Policeman P. Perry about' 4:39
o'clock. Just as the woman was preparing
the evening meal for ' her " husband and
two sons.
Late last night Eichler and his two sons
• returned from work and found the doors
and windows all open,- the: wife -and
mother gone. After Inquiries In the neigh
borhood they ascertained '- her location.
According to their statement the landlord
wanted to get rid of them, although his
5f 2 f * 9 a month was fully paid. v- ;
Eichler denies that his wife is insane.
The woman is apparently between 45 and
i? year ,? old> and while she does not speak
English fluently was : rational ; in her an
swers. She claims she was Induced to
go with the officer on: the representation
that she was needed to identify a witness
' who was in trouble. . . .-
Dickerson claimed when seen' at' his res
i« e ™£? »Mt» night: that the neighbors had
complained to • him • about i the boisterous
actions of the family and frequently asked
him to have the Elchlers removed or else
they would quit fats other ', flats 1 in J the
Mrs. Elizabeth Eichler Arrested on
Complaint Sworn To by Henry
Dickerson. •
An apparent use of a warrant of in-
j -^^ — : — : — , :>:t
HE CHARGES OfSANrTY
TO SECUBE EVICTION
State Prison Directors are anxiously
awaiting the. report of Expert MacLaren,
who is going over what few books are left
at San Quentin Prison. The books kept
from 1896 up to the time that .Walden, the
absconding clerk of the Jute mills, sud
denly disappeared are the subject, of ex
amination as are also the books of the
late Clerk 'Ellis. .The expert has been
instructed by the Directors to look
"over, the accounts of the. commissary "de
partment. . ' " . > : ! .
."I do not expect that any more dis
crepancies [ will be found," said Director
Fitzgerald yesterday. ''I believe that the
only trace of crooked .work that willbe
found is -the theft >of "the sixty-flve bales
of Jute by Walden. was an ex
ceedingly;'clever accountant and undoubt
edly, so covered up his' crooked j work that
there is but' little hope of any other, pecu
lations being unearthed.". The disappear
ance of the. Jute mill books between the
years. 18S1 arid ' 1896 has completely^ blocked
the, investigation. \ There is nothing; to
show >w hat amount of material was used
or what amount of goods were,manufac
tured.:. • While • Alden,' the former super
intendent f of the mills; denies that he de
stroyed any of >the .books/: the description
given :by the^convicts'of .the books thrown
into, the power-house furnace nearly tal
lies {with • the/ description of some ' of the
missing books.'.:- But it* is | rather hard to
put t the word'of convicts against the word
St fa ; free j man.; Alden \ was j an /efficient
employe and his. honesty has never before
been questioned. ' My experience in deal
ing with convicts has convinced ¦ me that
as . a general 1 rule * but i little credence can
be' given ;to: what they" say.: v We :do not
know- as »yet £ Just" .what-' books are r'gone.
•but we do" know that thework of the ex
pert cannot ' be brought ; to a satisfactory
conclusion. ; It 1 is - ; probable f that > Alac-
Laren will have his report ready in time
.to present it at a meeting of the Directors
to v s be ¦' held ; next V Saturday J at : Folsom
Prison. When the report is ready we will
makeTiit public unless : there- be some parts
of.it thatishould be ; wl thheld;ini.the ln
.terest of justice until * the : guilty parties,'
if there be any other : than ( >Valden, are
arrested.' If ] it is • possible " to i do so, /the
blame will be.placediwhere it belongs and
ho | guilty j man. | will ;.be allowed I .to ; escape."
But, ' as ;i said j before,^ I am ; satisfied from
a* conversation ¦ with MacLaren,; 1 that • the
only crookedness brought fto light .will" be
the s sixty-five "bales of Jute; sold » to' Levy.
1 1 am' sorry / to ¦ say : that crookedness was
made } easy^ because! Expert VWadham [did
nbt^ expert -. the books , as he . was > expected
to do.' ; ¦:; He simply , took the footings," com
pared . them twith I vouchers! presented
Walden and; finding' that they; tallied, -he
made _: his report ; to \ thel Directors. ' The
books*,were .not'experted] and there :wa«
nothing to prevent ..Walden ) from manipu
lating, them i to: suit] himself." ' -i .;. ' : ;.\
-Walden was singularly j fortunate/ for In
addition to- having control iot .the
and papers,-, the 'confidence reposedin him
,was \ so i great -that, his j honesty, was never
questioned. Li? Just"; prior s" to '.1 the 'close Tof
Warden ; Hale's V administration, ; ; Walden
received a scare, as there came near being
ah i investigation: , : ., . ; \
;.: Detective ; Bainbrldge had . his attention
called v to I the ; t f act - f that i this ; ']. city ' was
flooded ' with ;\ prison-mode * bags ' and the
further,, suggestion a was \ made i that . they,
had ;; been >• stolen S f ronvj, the penitentiary.
Balnbrldge r wrote < to Warden"; Hale,*, telling
him of thej Information' and .advising,: that
a quiet y investigation I be ,V made:,' :' A ; few
days > later \i. Balnbridge^ received *{ a V letter
from iWarden; Hale Informing him I that an'
investl gation > had I' been ¦'•¦ made V arid 'J: that
everything .was" found to; be; straight.
Dr. Ralph A. Huntingdon met with a.
painful siirprfse yesterday morning when
the jury in Judge Lawlor's court brought
in a verdict of manslaughter against him
because of his part in causing the death
cf Miss Jennie McKown, bis sweetheart,
In his office on Second and Folsom streets,
October 25 last.
The Ju£ge charged the Jurors txnmedi-
Btely after court convened and after being
out for about twenty minutes they sent
word to the Judge that they had agreed
Rev. John E» Cottle. for the last twelve
years pastor of St. Brigid's Church, left
early yesterday morning for a trip
tiifough Europe and the Holy Land. This
Is . the first vacation that Father Cottle>
has enjoyed . since he became a priest
some twenty years ago. He expects to
remain away for at least six or eight
months.
Quite' a delegation of his • parishioners
and a number of the clergy accompanied
Father Cottle across ihe bay and there
said their final farewells.
• During his . absence the affairs of the
parish will be administered by Father M.
P. Ryan, who has been Father Cottle"3
assistant for many years and is thorough
ly acquainted with the details. He will
be sassisted by Father McAtjllffe and
Father Grant, the last named having: but
recently transferred from St: Peter's
Church.
It is Father, Cottle's Intention to visit
the Holy Father in Rome and convey to
him greetines from .he people of tills
archdiocese. The Holy Land and Its places
of sacred memory are also embraced in
his itinerary.
A special offer for three days in ladles ,
gents* and children's gloves:
FOR LADIES.
Elegant two-clasp kid, In black, white,
brown, tan, mode, gray and red; a regular
$1 glove for 66 cents.
FOR GENTS.
Genuine dogskin, for walking and driv
ing; stylish and durable, in red, brown
and tan: a great bargain for 79 cents.
FOR MISSES AND BOYS.
Fine kid and castors, in brown and tan.
broken lines; former*value 75 cents and 11,
now closing: out at 60 cents.
MOSS 1 GLOVE STORE,
1210 Market St., bet. Taylor and Jones.
,- All gloves fitted. . ".^.•. ! "
FATHER COTTLE OFF
FOB LONG VACATION
Will Visit All the Prominent .Points
of Interest in America, Europe
r ' and Holy Land.
The reason - physicians always recommend
Jesse Moore. "AA" whiskey is because they
know of its absolute purity.
"Walden was at that time intrusted with
the handling of all matters pertaining to
the Jute mill and' the letter from Bain
bridge was given him.: - It was "vV'alden
who made the "Investigation" and natur
ally enough; after a pretense of having'
looked the matter up, he informed "Warden
Hale that there was nothing wrong. Hale
accepted the report as being true and
there the matter dropped.
"I do not regallall of the circumstances
of the case," / said Bainbridge yesterday,
"for I letilt pass out of my mind aft»r re
ceiving : Warden Hale's reply. Ireraem*'
ber. that some one called my attention to
the fact : that large 'quantities of prison
made bags were being | sold in: this city
below" the j ruling, market price. . It was
evident that they were stolen arid I wrote
to Warden 1 Hale advising him of the mat
ter./ I. will admit I was somewhat
astonished when I. received the letter in
forming me that everything was all,rlght.
I gave, the case no 'further, attention. In
looking over my papers sgme time ago I
came across the Warden's, letter, and de-
¦ All delicate situations are more or less
indelicate. *
tiff and at the same time defendant delivered
to plaintiff. Frank D. Sheldon, an agreement
In writing, dated September 5, IS91, wherein
and whereby said defendant. William H. -New
ell, agreed to hold said fifty shares of the
capital stock of the Missouri Pacific Railroad
Ccmpany, a corporation, as the a pent of and
in trust for said plaintiff, Frank D. Sheldon,
and at the same time in writing: further
agreed to hold said shares of stock aforesaid
6J« the agent of plaintiff, and agreed aot to
Do You Wear Gloves?
PRINCIPALS IN A SENSATIONAL SUIT, ALLEGING FRAUD AND EM
BEZZLEMENT, WHICH WILL BE INSTITUTED TO-DAT AGAINST \
AN AGED AND RETIRED PHYSICIAN OF THIS CITY.
stroyed it. as the transaction was closed
so far as I was concerned. If I had It
now I could fix the date of my writing to
Hale. I know that it was Just prior to
his leaving San Quentin."
The local police have sent out Inquiries
concerning Walden, but as yet they have
not been able to get any trace of him.
The fact that he went away from the
prison on the pica. 'of taking a. vacation
gave him a good start and he made the
best of it. He dropped completely out of
sight, and being well supplied with funds,
found but little to retard him in bis flight.
The strongest chance of his being caught
is through some former convict.. He was
for so many years in the jute mill, both
as a convict and a free man, that he is
well known to all of the convicts and one
of them may identify him In some far out
of the way nlace.
„ -'¦¦¦*.'*.."¦•" ' ¦ . " ¦ . .
Expert Unable to Proceed Far Because of
Disappearance of Books.
That 'on or about the 1st day ot ; December,
1891, *aid defendant left the State, of New
Jersey for ' parts : unknown.
.-That on tha 23d day of January, 1901, in the
city, and county of San ¦ Francisco, State ¦ of
California, jj said plaintiff In writing demanded
of and from said defendant William H. New
ell that the said defendant forthwith return to
him. said plaintiff, said : fifty shares of the
capital ; stock' of the Missouri^ Pacific Railroad
Company, a corporation, entrusted to defend
ant's care as agent, as. aforesaid, 'but said de
fendant, William H. Newell, refused a and still
refuses to return said shares of stock or any
part thereof to plaintiff, or. to repay to plain
tiff said sum of three thousand dollars ($3000)
and Interest from. September 5, 1S91, as afore
said. , ¦;¦-•: - : ' . •
Accused of Selling Stock.
That on the 23d day of January. 1901, at the
city and county of : San ' Francisco. Slate of
California, said, defendant; -William H. Newell,
feloniously: embezzled- and fraudulently con
verted to his own use and benefit, in the course
of his employment as . such agent, the above
described fifty ' shares of the . capital stock of
the Missouri Pacific Railroad Company, a cor
poration, | the property of plaintiff herein,
Frank.' D. Shejdon, which shares of stock
aforesaid came J Into the possession of and un
der the control of said defendant, William H.
Newell, . by virtue of his trust as such agent
of plaintiff as aforesaid, and In the course of
his employment as such agent;
, . Wherefore, . plaintiff ' prays . for Judgment
against said defendant, .- William H. Newell.
1. That said defendant. William H. Newell,
be adjudged . guilty of fraud. . : .v. .- , ;
2. That plaintiff have Judgment against said
defendant, William H. 'Newell, for the sum of
three thousand dollar* ($S0O0) together with
legal interest thereon from September 6. 1901,
and costs of suit.'., .
S. That an order or. arrest be forthwith Issued
by this honorable court;, that said defendant,
William H. Newell, be placed under arrest
and held In ball.
4. And for . such other and further order or
relief as jnay. be meet and equitable . In the
premises.
Unusual Demand. for Arrest.
Dr. Newell ' was informed yesterday
afternoon of the suit instituted agalijst
him. The attorney for Sheldon will ap
pear in the Superior Court-thls morning
and make his, r demand for the arrest: of
Dr." Newell. , The demand is an unusual
one and may be refused. The suit for the
restitution of, the property, however, will
be vigorously prosecuted. \
In an interview yesterday " Sheldon de
clared that he had been deliberately Im
posed upon by Dr. Newell and had given
'up .the only money which he possessed
through artifice, j This money, amounting
to $3000, was given in September, 1891, and
was Invested in shares of the Missouri
Pacific Rallroafl Company of New York.
Neither the shares nor the money have
been returned to him and he insists that
Dr. Newell transferred or sold the stock
to bis own advantage. Sheldon declared
that when he discovered that he had been
duped, as he chooses to characterize the
transaction, he determined that he. would
punish the man who' had imposed upon
him. He says that he traveled to every
great city in the United States and then
«ent to Europe, looktag everywhere for
le man who had gained possession of his
money. He traveled also to Australia,
but could not i succeed -in finding Dr.
Newell, f He finally abandoned his search,
came to San .Francisco and by accident
found the physician for whom he was
looking. -The suit which will be instituted
this morning ¦ promises to be bitterly
fought. # - - ¦: .
PRISON INVESTIGATIONS
IS NEARLY COM PL ETE D
sell or dispose of said shares of stock as afore
said or any 'part thereof without the consent
of Eald plaintiff first had and obtained, and
further agreed to deliver said shares of stock
aforesaid to plaintiff immediately on demand.
.That plaintiff has never at any time or3ered
said defendant, "William H. Newell, to; sell or
dispose of said shares of stock as aforesaid or
any part thereof.
.That said agency of defendant toward said
plaintiff has never been revoked or canceled. >
:'!'¦' "
Deaf Mute Searches the Face of the Globe for the Man He Believes Injured Him and
Finds Him in the Old People's Home in Sin Franc
THIS morning: Dr. William H.
Newell, an aped. Infirm, white
haired physician, who is now an
inmate of the Old People's
Home at Pin© and Pierce
streets, will be charged with
fraud and felony embezzlement,
and the Superior Court will be asked to
place him under arrest until he pays
¦what his accuser claims was stolen from
him. The story which has led to this re
markable climax in the life of an old man
is a Ftrarse one.
Eleven years ago Dr. Newell was a
practicing; physician of prominence In
Jersey City. One afternoon he received
a patient, a young fellow, dark-skinned,
black-eyed, alert. The patient wanted
advice; the physician pave it. A relation
of complete confidence was established,
and the two men 1 became something more
than physician and patient to each
other. Dr. Newell so far possessed the
confidence of his young patient that he
advised him how to invest the money
which he possessed. And as a result of
that investment the patient claims now
that he was robbed.
Searches All Over the World.
Dr. Newell left Jersey City and traveled
to the "West- His patient, who is now
instituting his. sensational suit, is Frank
D. Sheldon, a student in the College of
Pharmacy of the University of California
and a clerk in the drug store of Garrett
& Tagsert in Oakland. Mr. Sheldon is a
deaf mute who has the power, occasional
ly possessed by men laboring under a dis
«dvcntape !-uch as his, to speak not flu- ,
erily nor volubly, but plainly enough to
be understood. He says he has traveled
around the world searching for the man (
¦who, he claims, robbed him. He has vis
ited every large city In the United States.
He has gone to Europe.' He has traveled
to Australia, and everywhere he has i
searched for the man who Invested his
money and pave to him no returns. In
«very great city he visited Sheldon sought
for the man who had taken his money.
But he did not find Dr. Newell.
Accidentally Meets Newell.
Fir.ally he came to San Francisco. His ;
money vras exhausted and he was forced
to prepare himself for a livelihood. He ,
«r.terod the College of Pharmacy of the
I'nivcrsity of California as a student and
dismissed, as far as he could, his experi
«nce wrltb Dr. Newell. He had received
from the aged physician several letters,
pent in care, from various places, to Jer
¦jey City. • These letters purported to come
from Mexico, but it is significant that Dr.
Newell was In San Francisco when they
¦were sent from Mexico. Mr. Sheldon re
ceived these letters and thought nothing
more of them. He took a precaution,
however, to preserve them and in them
selves they tell a rather interesting story.
One afternoon Sheldon stepped from a
Haight-street car at Market and Kearny
Ftreets and in his haste jostled into Dr.
Newc-11, the xnaa for whom he had
eearched for nearly ten years. Dr. Newell
did not know him and Sheldon insists that
he did not want to. The result of that
meeting is the suit which will be insti
tuted this rcorning-.
Complaint Alleges Criminal Acts.
The complaint, in which Sheldon makes
his serious allegations against the aged
physician, is remarkable in several ways.
Due to Operation Performed by Him.
¦"'¦>,¦-.,
It asks of \ the Superior Court that Dr.
Newell beg adjudged guilty of having
feloniously embezzled and fraudulently
converted to his own use and benefit $3000
belonging to Prank D. Sheldon. It also
asks that Dr. Newell be adjudged guilty
of fraud and that an order of arrest be
immediately issued against him by the
Superior Court. The complaint In full Is
as follows:
Frank D. Sheldon, plaintiff, vs. ¦William H.
Newell, defendant.
Now comes plaintiff and complains of said
defendant and for cause of action alleges:
That on or about the 5th day of September,
1S31. in the State of New Jersey, said defend
ant, William H. Newell, while acting as the
agent of said plaintiff, received of and from
plaintiff the sum of three thousand dollars
<$SOO0) In United States gold coin, the prop
erty cf said plaintiff, in trust for said plain
tiff.
That Immediately thereafter, to wit on the
6th day of September. 1591, . said defendant.
"William H. Newell, acting under the lnstruc
tlcns of said plaintiff and In accordance with
Fiid .trust and acting as the agent of plaintiff.
Invested said sum of three thousand dollars
($2000) In purchasing fifty shares of ' capital
Block of the Missouri Pacific Railroad Com
pany, a corporation In the city and State of
New York, In his own name.
Agrees to Hold Stock as Agent.
That Immediately thereafter and on or* about
the 6th day of September. 1S9J." said shares of
etock aforesaid were intrusted to the care of
cald defendant. ¦William H. Newell, by plain-
JURY FINDS HUNTINGTON
GUILTY OF MANSLAUGHTER
Death of Miss McKown, His Sweetheart,
SENSATIONAL SUIT BEGUN AGAINST AN
AGED PHYSICIAN IN THIS CITY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO THURSDAY, JANUARY 24, 1901 .
12
¦j < "* . " . z
w.. ' . | : ' •¦ ¦¦_.,, ¦'" '¦•/.. .^ ¦- "¦' r
1 tdmpi.6 the miny feature? in our new store in
the Baldwin Bicch.ivhiehii now being re-
. modeled, will' be thi conveniences for Ladies :'-•-
while purchasing. "R *';
Although we occupy three floors in our present
store,. we find it impossible to accommodate our in-
: creasing Dusiness, s'o'weimoye to our.new store as
a matter of necessity. : Our growth is'due to sel!-
; ; ing reliable, high-grade goods of our own make at
. reasonable prices.
' . Hereis a'typical value :
. iv Children's.;all-w""ool "three-quarter automobiles, -
V i :i ;»n<ages,;2;to:7^years,;colors.tanv blue* and red%
cicely; braided, latest effects, formerly $5.50, now
?-:'^ >reduced to -' v *t? j
¦ $3.90
Come early; they can't last very longatthe price.
v :.P ther b !g\ reducli °ns in all the departments.^ ¦
. . », 840. -Market Street, :
.¦ •«— — — ~— — ; — - . ..'[.' — — — " — " — " — rr ~? .
Come Early If You Wish Some of These
8 SPECIALS
CPT7PT A T XT*» 1 * ' '
i- x IXlAu ISO. 1.
In all bIzcb, Jl quality ' h'^XX V'tf'Jl
German fiQcfefil
Flannel ¦ ¦ 7l|Mj i- :¦
Waists. .' ¦ jMmWi^
-In' all. the newest ' BmOt; I. fl&MVv
e ha<Jes-$l quality, ... &££:*&$ :B|B*\
r • - SPECIAL No. ;«._... f
Women's Underskirts. "
Odds and ends— some » tvre ' worth Af\c
11.60 each— your choice.'i; r.»7....... TrV/w
L . NO." 4.
0% jjp^vs* Ribbed
-' ($V&^M$> \ " S P EC ' AI ' ' NO- 5. ' " •
WMM §¦ Children's---
,. iSj^fi:. RibbediHose.Vr
:KjF*i£&J i* :lX)uble heel," knee" and
' Wj\ a. tee— all slies-^-lSo Q-
._ \- -Quality .........:. DC
BPECIATi NO. (.
Child ren ' s F ( a n n el Dresses
: For • children 1 • to • 4 r years: » yoke ; trUnined
: with embroidery; 80a i; quality— on' QA/> ;
4 sale ;....;.: OUV<
.SPBCIAli 1 ' NO." 7.
Women's Gingham Aprons.
¦ Full width ; small checked . . . .'. .... " | 0 1 W-
SPECIAL Na I.
Women's ¦Corsets; ;
i In : all sizes— a . jood '. 76c 'quality— .»">£ f\f* *•
. on sale r.'^;7;Tnv.'.v.^rrr;^;.Tnr;vfi\7" VrV*;
BIG EMBROIDERY ' = SALE NOW T GO-
'. • ING: OX. ;-¦• '
1212-1214 MARKET ST^ f
y.' BeC Taylor and Jooss.^v *¦ '- '.'.\
. MAIL. ORDERS RECEIVED.'- ,
your piano
fii^llh^SisgiiS
li 'I 1^ — "ii] |l *^ jjji
M
for a
One particular advantage you
have in buving a piano from Sher-
man, Clay & Co. 1 is the privilege of
exchanging it at any time within
three years for a Steinway Upright
or Grand, you being allowed the
full purchase price.
There are other good pianos, to be
sure, but the world's standard is a
Steinway Upright or Grand.
Sherman, Clay & Co. have a full
line of the most reliable makes from
which to choose, and they are sold
on the new xent contract plan if pre-
ferred. £
No matter where youViave pur-
chased your piano. Sherman, Clay &
Co. will be most liberal in their al-
lowance should you desire to ex-
chanjre the. piano for a Steinway.
Visit the piano salesrooms of Sher-
man, Clay & Co.. where oler 300
pianos arc on constant exhibition.
Sherman, Clay & Co.
Steinway Piano Dealers,
Cor. Kearay a»d Sutter tts.. S. F.
Cor. Uth and Broadway. Oakland.
Cor. Park and Washington. Portland.
7X1 Second ave., Seattle.
\ VlK KTtW «% u H VIA V wi \ —
SPECIAL SALE!
Thursday— FrldaV— Saturday.
«*£££ MOST EXACTING TESTS OK
Apple Buiter, lb 12^c
Helnz's celebrated brand. "*
Itefeularly 15c
French Vermouth, bot 50c
Noilly. Prat & Co.. Marseille*.
Regularly 63c.
Baby Pim-olas, 3 bots 50c
Olives stuffed wit a
sweet red peppers— very delicious.
Regularly 20c a bot.
Hams, lb ,12Jc
Finest Eastern •acar-eured. ¦ .
R'gularly lOAe.
Almonds, 2 lbs... 25c
Fancy paper-shelj.
Regularly 3 lbs SOc
Soups, condensed, 3 cans 25c
Campbell's and "Van Camp's.
Chicken, Oxtail, Mock Turtle. Mullara-
tawny. Vegetable. Tomato. Julienne,
Consomme, etc.
Regularly 10c a, can.
Lily Cream, 3 cans 25c
Lily Evaporated Cream.
Healthful, clean, economical.
Regularly 10c a can.
Yellowstone Whiskey —
Full quart bot $1.00, gallon $4.00
An old established and reliable brand.
Regularly *L25 and I3.C0.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITEDl
CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCK ruN^r., near Market.
Telephone, Main 5325.
*^ i
¦H ¦ rffffff9fl^^^Tj^T^is»»»MsnBM^sBBSs»»»Pg -* \
' M ¦ cash orlittl.t:-at-a-time. 3
H "We are now rapidly disposing B
H of our thirtieth carload of a
I STOVES and!
I RANGES, I
I Among which arm th«» popular W
H Charm, Flora, Mono and ot&er «
H famous stoves. We have posi> <J
fi tlvely the largest line of stove* eg
m and ranges in the city at tha . M
H lowest prices. m
iTHE'J.NbONANl
I FURNITURE COMPANY. Inc.. H
I 1017-1023 MISSION STREET 1
w Above 6th, San Fruclsco. S
g PHONE-SOTJTH 1*. p
f^g^wStea^ RUPTURE
«^ Jss> Wi^? cancot be cnr«d by
»alves. lotions, oom-
|WG^K»f*w^jJg3sr won trusses, of
S~ S^iS$2$£fs*£? S^ "Quack" cp^raUotis.
9 — *?>£*^VR- PIERCE'S MAGNETIC
H SM\ ELECTRIC TRUSS" Is ;dlf-
m /ifflrx ftren t It does tht work I
XL. > t7 "BOOKLET NO. 1" live*
/ r fnlj Information. Call or writ*
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.
,620 Market st. (opp. Palac* Hotel). 8. T.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
a tor and Nervine.
'Tha most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonte tor the 9ezual Organs, for both saxes.
The Mexican Remedy tor Diseases of theKld-
¦ neys.and Bladder. .Sells on tta own. merits.
i NABER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
323 Market St., B. F.— (Send for Circular*.)
DR.MCNULTY.
fVHIS WKLL-KNOWy AND RRLIABUS OLD
L HpectalUt ettre* Blood Poison, UonorrhoBa.OI**!,
Btrtctu/T', Hcraln»l Weabnesn, Impotrace and tb«lr
allied Dlwr.iors. Boole on Diseases of Men. fre«v
Orer?0years'ftxp«r!ence.Terinii reaw>oable. Houn
9 to3<lally ;8:MtoS. 30<»Vc<u Bandars, 10 tn 12. Cnnsull
tatlon free and »«credly confidential. Call or address
P. RO8COE MeXULTY, JI.D.
SC>; Kearny St, Man 1 rauclaco, CtL
Hale's. | Hals'a.
I this sale of muslin underwear is growing larger. J
J winning new friends daily. J
¦ ..TJ 1 * Dr lces are exceptionally low, the materials excellent. th» «
m widths And breadths liberal and the trimmings all that tasty women CW
tT would nave them. Here are some of the new lots on 'sale to-day: I*
5B Of.flne cambric, with ,*¦ ,-i9S8?^^ i^K
Cf ... twenty, two ln*n ' . . #3p--^sS5» .--11**
A? Skirts flounce, which Is sk/Hs y^'&'tSSflJl A*
V *O /)/) trimmed with Valen- 1' '* - PiriD'Ss&t i M^
/W 9*.UU ciennes lace insertion $2.00 >^^ VJ2** Gf%
*Lj ' and fine tucks— made A. Jj3 — JlMl}
fcg extra wide and with /'>- -?. \ /vmc .yfiB B
& extra dust ruffle. (jf* _,' J. HSfefc-<, |rJ |i\ ' fT*
A? Umbrella stj-le— made V ??» 1 B
. r extra wide of fine soft JUv *' n tSW f ' 'iv iW
2^ rf «"w ssss ¦"irS'^Lg v«iwr* w \ L
S - 50c. hemstitched cambric 57?e ir*V»> «.) rm 1 JOB
47 flounce. which is Vl'— / I,\W •• ; l fcl!»
; -tr> trimmed with rich em- _>i^ir "<C^ '- »]
A» Eight different styles- $ij.. f V,***^ A \ K I?
¦" W all made of the finest "l*.i ¦ /^r>-**4. \ "3
§OwnS materials and trimmed QOWHS . ¦ *-=.*- ''{• V» » fff
A* »i nc ' with beautiful new « f /j C -<•" ; ' j X?'
» $I.£O laceg, embroideries. 91.40 *-.. I ? » , B
ribbons and needle- ***•>* # * ', tW
| Hale's January linen sale is a prominent feature |
f, of the white goods sale. '|
Vr Come with the largest expectations. You won't be disappointed- ty
A7 T* 16 offerinss in this sale are the greatest In volume and richest in Aj
¦ JB value that we've ever presented. It's an exceptionally attractive B
-(?. event for proprietors of restaurants, hotels and all others ¦who use Cw ,
A* large quantities of linen and who desire to buy as economically as A?
X? bleached iable Two yards wide, all pure linen n.ndb/eachecf table ml
»> Unam 7Sn !n several new and strikingly hand- «-, *- B
linen IOC some patterns: worth Jl.OO yard. linen /aC Gly
JB fringed huck size 18x26 inches: finely woven and fringed huck »
A? towels 11c a good absorbent: a matchless value. towels 11 C dP
67' bleached Mercerized bleached table damask: hlennhprl W+
V,v oieacnea entlrely new f ab ri C : very fine and oieacnea /i
Bf damask in really elesant patterns; 66 Inches damask JB-
«/»- wide 60 cents a yard; 72 Inches wide t^ *T
/%1 ot ' c 75 cents a yard; three-quarter size **>C II
hi napkins to match $1.75 a dozen. &
a? Market *aLJS£*£F opposite I?
tr Sixth. s-.^nn* avenue.