The ill-fortune of Spain's navy asserted
itself at the last moment, for word came
that the Emperador Carlos V had turned
back from her cruise to the port with
crippled engines.
The Dupuy de Lome, under France's tr'
color, was a flne^slght." She is built -w'lh
a prow-fronted long ram, high out of the
water.
Portugal was represented by the*, cruiser
Don Carlos.
Emperor William's navy was represent
ed by th.e Nymphe, Victoria Luise,
Hagen and Baden, all . with blue gray
upper works, v The Hagen was flying
Prince Henry of Prussia's flag, yellow
arms on a white field.
afloat, a fortress of clay-colored steel nUb
the scarlet sun on a white field hanging
at her stern, the fighting emblem of the
youngest world-power.
The foreign ; ships attracted most of the
attention of the English spectators.' Giant
of whole; fleet was the Japanese'bat- ?
tleship, Hatsus, \ the . largest" war. machino
Abreast were the battleships Benbow
and Colllngwood. These femblems of Bri
tain's imperial power were the policemen
guarding , the ¦ avenue ten miles • long
through which the Queen's body, was to
pass to the mainland ' of the S kingdom.
There were nineteen British battleships,
eleven cruisers -and eight gunboats, not
even the full strength of the channal
squadron. Eight' naval -embassadors of
friendly . powers ¦ were ranged along the
Portsmouth end, while gunboats ; and
steamers .with official spectators formed
the remainder of the southern line. The
British • ships were an imposing ¦ sight
with their uniform decorations,. coal black
hulls, with a line of red just above the
water, .white upper works ; ¦ and yellow
smokestacks. ;. All displayed the jack at
the foremast and the white enslgh at half
mast at ; their ; sterns. ' .
The members of Parliament and corres
pondents representing every nation em
barked on a small steamer and were en
tertained at luncheon as guests of the
admiralty. A • fog has settled over the
still waters of the Solent, through which
warships appeared like great shapeless
black rocks. The fleet stretched from
Portsmouth to Cowes,'. the turrets of Os
borne standing above the purple .' hills.
Three special . trains took down the
members of the House of Lords and of
the v House of Commons and diplomatic
corps and other officials and the corre
spondents from .Victoria station to Ports
mouth early this morning. A snowy frost
was sprinkled over, the green fields under
a glistening sun, whose rays were Bifted
through v a typical English mist, while
half-masted Union Jacks were hung from
many buildings * In the town along the
road. A great royal standard dropped
from the staff above. the ancient tower of
Arundel. the Duke of Norfolk's seat.
The pageant was witnessed by thou
sands of persons afloat and ashore. The
Alberta entered the harbor at 4:40 p. m.,
and at once moved alongside the land
ing place. The royal yachts Victoria and
Albert and the Osborne were secured to
buoys in the harbor, while the imperial
yacht Hohenzollern was berthed by ' the
side of the jetty.
• The big bell of the j Town Hall • com
menced ringing a funeral knell on the
arrival of the Alberta and continued to
toll for two hours. The Majestic and the
German flagship were the last of the fleet
to salute the cortege.^
Thousands of visitors spent the early
morning on yachts and tugs, - to get a
closer glimpse of the great line of war
ships which stretched from the opposite
south sea. The. sun shone brightly over
the headlands, a gray mist hung over
tho sea and the great fleet seemed life
less. Scarcely a small boat was . afloat
and except for the white ensigns which
hung listlessly half-mast and the occa
sional nutter of a signal bunting from the
flagship, there. was no glimpse of color to
relieve the monotonous grayness of the
scene.
band played the . funeral marches by
Chopin and Beethoven. Darting up and
down the sunlit harbor, a fleet of launches
kept open a' roadway for the expected
fleet. . -
Solemn Naval , Ceremonies as the
Boyal " Remains ' Are Borne
From Cowes to Ports
mouth^ '. r
.
PORTSMOUTH,, Feb. 1.— Not since the
diamond jubilee has this town held such
a crowd as poured In to-day. "; The bas
tions : a nd promontories overlooking . the
6ea and harbor and every point of vant
age was black with spectators.
ous: in" the "spacious ; harbor was tho old
baUleship .Victory," on the old-fashioned
poop of which a guard ; of - royal 'marines
was - mounted and . where ¦; the admiral's
GREAT FLEET
SALUTES THE
CATAFALQUE
The light oak of the coffin shone out as
the sailors grasped th© handles. \ Tho
ycrting Crown Prince of Germany could
scarcely keep his hand at the Balute for
emotion. With perfect precision the coffin
was lifted off the gun carriage on board
the royal yacht Alberta, Once more the
Grenadiers camo to the "present" as tho
King, followed by the relatives, stepped
down the gangway and regalia and robes
were replaced on the coffin.
The King was tired from the walk. The
equerries removed the. regalia, the royal
ties still standing at' salute, while behind
them the Princesses bowed, their heads,
visibly fatigued.
A second later the ,Klng and the Em
peror and their suites appeared. As the
carriage stopped before the gangway of
the Alberta loud orders rang out, a sharp
movement ran through the stalwart line
of Grenadiers, their arms were instantly
reversed up to their hats and with equal
precision came the hands of the Emperor,
King and the Duke of Connaught in state
ly salute. :. • - '-S^-ii.
After leaving Osborne House the mourn
ing procession of Kings and Princes ar
rived near the pier without incident." Ths
strains of 'Chopin's funeral march gave
warning to the naval officers on the pier
that the coffin was drawing near.- 'The
surrounding quays were black .with , ex
pectant thousands. Through the court
archway came the few staff officers, then
the Highlanders, their pipes silent and all
heads bared. Eight bronzed and bearded
tars were • drawn up waiting to receive
their burden. .Then came the Grenadiers,
resplendent in their busbies and . scarlet
and quickly formed a circle around the
court. The 'artillery horses were restless
from their long walk and pranced under
the gateway, drawing the gun carriage
with tho coffin.
The roadway from the gate to the pier
was lined with troops in close order; the
troops remained in position until the min
ute guns from the fleet commenced to fire.
Thousands stood bareheaded and watched
tho strange sight. . , * -
Albany, Princess Victoria of Wales; Prin
cess Charles of Denmark: Her late Ma
jesty's ladles in waiting, her M'e Majes
ty's household: the household of the
King, the household of the Queen, the
household of Emperor William, the house
hold of the royal family, military officers,
eight abreast; the royal servants and ten
ants.'
Down hill the procession slowly wound
its way In the following order: Mounted
grooms: the deputy assistant adjutant
general of the Southern District: a de
tachment of the Hampshire Carbineers;
the Lieutenant-Governor of tho Isle of
Wight and staff of the Southern District;
the staff of the commander In chief at
Portsmouth; the general commanding the
Southern District: the naval commander
in chief; massed bands and drums of the
Royal Marine "Artillery and of the Royal
Marine Light Infantry, who played a fun
eral march as they, passed out of tho
Queen'B gate: the'. Queen's Highlanders:
the Queen's pipers; the gun carriaga,
drawn by eight horses and preceded and
followed by her late. Majesty's equerriea
and aids de camp, escorted by the Queen's
company of Grenadier Guards, with tha
coffin: King Edward, Emperor William,
the Duke of Connaught, the Crown Princa
of Germany, Prince Henry of Prussia,
Prince Christian of 6chles>wig-Holstein, tho
Duke of Bajce-Coburjr and Go tha, Prince
Louis of Battenberg, ' Queen Alexandra,
the Duchess of York, tha , Duchess of
Saxe-Coburg and Go tha, Princess Chris
tian of Schleswig-Holsteln, ; Prlnces3
Louise (Dnchess of Argyll), Princess Beat
rice (Princess Henry ' of Battenberg), the'
Duchess of ¦ Connaught, _the Duchess of
ing of the laet and best of them. As they
reached the Queen's gate and wailed their
closing strain, the muffled drums rolled
out with oft-recurring rhyming beats and
the bands burst forth Into the magnifi
cent strains of Chopin'a "Funeral March."
Off went every hat, every woman court
esled low, the troops leversed arms and
leaned their bowed heads, over them, still
as statues. Down hill went the sad pro
cession, through the still and silent ranks
of the people. No sound but that of the
mournful march could be heard; but that
was re-echoed far away to the spectators
on the neighboring hills and to, the ships
far out at sea.
The pipers had followed the first dirge
by the touching lament", "The Flowers of
the Forest," which represents the wither-
The mounted grooms who headed the
line wore bright scarlet. With the massed
bands were no fewer than forty muffled
drums. Among the Highlanders were
seven Queen's Foresters, following whom
pipers wailed the sad music of the. Black
Watch's dirge. The King, Emperor Wil
liam and the Duke of Connaught walke-.l
abreast, followed by the Princes. They
stepped slowly and mournfully, a sad
looking group in spite of the brilliancy of
their uniforms.
At 1:43 a. m. sailors from the Victoria
and Albert raised the precious burden an-1
bore it from the house. This duty was to
have fallen to tho Highlanders, but at the
rehearsal they were bo awkward that it
was decided that the sailors should per
form the task. Outside tho royal resi
dence Grenadier Guards were.drawn up on
a brilliant line. With a sharp click they
presented arms, for the last time, in honor
of their dead Queen. The pipers led the
procession, making the woods ring ¦with
a weird refrain. Behind them came th6
royal family. At the gate the military
portion of theparade stood ready, a glit
tering medley of uniforms.
robed women followed the heads of the
Royal Household, In gorgeous uniforms.
The coffin was placed upon the gun-car
riage. The pipers commenced their dirge
At 1:30 p. m. the bars of the main door
of Osborne House creaked and the petty
officers of the royal yacht Victoria and
Albert then doffed their hats and entered.
King Edward came from a side entrance,
accompanied by Emperor William of Ger
many. They both Wore admiral's unl
t->rms. The Grenadiers momentarily
raised their heads and came to the salute,
which the King returned, and the men
agait. became mute figures. ' r v* ; r r
Th'er. through the glass door ' could be
seen tht cofnn coming, carried by the sail
ors who but a few moments previous had
entered, it was preceded by pipers and
was covertd with the royal robes and re
galia and accompanied on either side by
equerries. Immediately behind the King
took his place tn the right of the Emperor
of Germany. T\e King's head was bowed.
The Emperor wvs' erect, his face expres
sionless. Then followed tho royal princes.
A few seconds latet emerged Queen Alex
andra and eight roy»l princesses, all afoot
and dressed In tha "timplest black, their
faces entirely veiled vith crape, Several
of the party, and especially. Princess
Beatrice, were Bobbing^bitterly,
In striking contrast w?tn tfa© black-
From the castle moat to the pier troops
stood with elbows touching. Behind them
were thousands of men, women and chil
dren. The road was lined with poles with
shields of black and silver upon them
bearing the royal monogram or surround
ed with flags. Stands for spectators
dotted the route. Innumerable' cameras
were posted at advantageous spots.
Hawkers were busy disposing of black
bordered memorial cards and other souve
nirs. Equerries, alds-de-camp, mounted
grooms .and messengers dashed hither and
thither, seeing that everything was. In
readiness. The guard around Osborne
House was most rigid, and besides the po
lice a long, thin line of red merged Into
the green and brown woods clustering
around the royal residences. The Queen s
Guard was drawn up in double rank be
fore the Queen's entrance, with heads
bowed over their arms, as In the death
chamber.
COWES, Feb. 1.— Cowes was astir at
dawn and quickly became alive with vis
itors. Every stand, window and roof
whence ths procession could be viewed
was rapidly filled up, while the portion
of the route open to spectators was soon
Impassable. Long before- the hour for
the funeral the hilly York avenue leading
from Osborne was a picturesque sight,
Osborne to the
Pier.
Sad Procession Headed by King and
Emperor Proceeds From
REMAINS ARE
BORNE TO THE
WAITING SHIPS
was scarcely less Interesting than the
naval function. At noon the. gorgeous
trappings of the chapelle' ardente were
distributed. Over the cofiln was thrown
the coronation robe worn by the girl
Queen. On this was placed the royal re
galia, wand, scepter and crown, which
were scarcely ever used by the Queen in
her lifetime. Dummy regalia will be
buried with her at Frogmore.
THE REMAINS OF THE LATE QUEEN VICTORIA WERE STARTED YESTERDAY ON THEIR JOURNEY FROM OSBORNE TO FROGMORE. THE ABOVE SCENE, MADE FROM A TELE
GRAPHIC DESCRIPTION OF THE YACHTS FORMING THE FUNERAL CORTEGE..SHOWS THEIR POSITIONS STEAMING BETWEEN THE TEN-MILE LINE OF BATTLESHIPS FROM COWES TO
PORTSMOUTH. THE ALBERTA, BEARING THE MORTAL CLAY OF THE DEAD QUEEN, IS SHOWN IN THE MIDDLE FOREGROUND, STEAMING AFTER THE LAST OF THE TORPEDO-BOAT
DESTROYERS. NEXT IS THE ROYAL YACHT VICTORIA* AND ALBERT, HAVING ON BOABD.KING EDWARD VII, HIS QUEEN, ANt> MEMBERS OF THE • ROVaL FAMILY. FOLLOWING IS
THE ROYAL YACHT OSBORNE.WITH OTHER ROYAL PERSONAGES. THJQ IMPERIAL YA>^^^ GERMANY, -HIS SUITE AND
THE DUKE AND DUCHESS OF CONNAUGHT. THE ADMIRALTY TACHT ENCHANTRESS AND THE TRINITY HOUSE YACHT, EACH CARRYING OFFICIALS OF THE ROYAL HOUSEHOLDS,
CLOSE THE FUNERAL PROCESSION. , \. \ •
SOXDON, Fetx, 1-Half &
million of the late Queen
Vlctoria/s devoted subjects
.lining the shores of the
Solent yesterday witnessed
a majestic and aw»-ln3plr-
ing pageant and bade a last
farewell to their beloved
ruler, happy in the circum
stance of her death, sovereign of the
greatest naval power In the world, and
fortunate In the manner of her obsequies.
Yesterday's .ceremonies were a fitting
trloute from a nation owning Nelson for
Us hero to Its dead monarch. AH who
were witnesses of th« function testify to
I the profound emotion It inspired and
agree that the spectacle could not have
been surpassed for splendor and solemn
effect. .¦":.';
The dominant note In the whole scene
was Its grand simplicity, and. so far as hu
man utterance was concerned. Its silence.
The sad procession gilded along in beau
tiful order and precision as though moved
by some hidden power. No Incident of.
any kind occurred -to mar Its stately
beauty. There was no accident of any
kind, ashore or afloat.
Tho weather was traditional "Q-ue«n'»
weather." "The Queen of the Seas" was
carried across the waters to the accom
paniment of minute guns and military
music — a picture which, will Uva In his
tory.
If the elements should provo equally
favorable to-day, which, at the moment
of cabling (3 a, m,), seems somewhat
doubtful, the millions of the metropolis
will render their even grander military
tribute to the Queen, who desired to be
buried as t a soldier's daughter. Thou
sands of troops are now marching into
London to breakfast hurriedly, prepara
tory to taking their places on the line of
march. With this peaceful military in
vasion Is an equally large civilian in
vasionjrrQm the provinces and abroad.
It* waa next to impossible last evening: to
obtain a bedroom In any "West End, hotel
and until quite a late hour visitors were
eagerly searching all along the route- for
windows and seats, held at exorbitant
prices, to view the procession.
Crowds of people are standing In the
early hours of the morning watching the
army of workmen who are putting the'
final touches to the somber decorations
and the other preparations.
Last of the Boyal and Other Repre
sentatives to Bs Present at tha
- " , Queen's Funeral Beach
London.
DELEGATES
FROM FOREIGN
LANDS PRESENT
Duke Is Recovering.
LONDON. Feb. L— The Court Circular
announces that the Duke of Cornwall and
York la progressing satisfactorily.
From" daybreak workmen have been
busy hanging laurel wreaths of a uniform
size and pattern to the lamp posts alons
the entire route. From each wreath de
pend broad purple streamers.
Edward Proiid of Colonelcy.
BERLIN, Feb. l.-King Edward, after
replying to the congratulations on his ap
pointment, as commander of the First
Prussian Guards, has written:
,"It affords me great pleasure that the
Emperor has appointed me colonel jn chief
of the regiment which for many years
has been In such close relations with my
beloved niother. I teg to Inform the reg
iment that tho Interest which the Queen,
always evidenced in her regiment Is also
felt by myself. It £lves me especial satis
faction to bo colon:l of your proad regi
ment."
The rehearsal of tho ceremonial la
mediately connected with tho handling of
the coffin containing the body of Queen
Victoria on its arrival In and departure
from London occurred this morning with
tha gun carriage. Burmounted by a plat
form, which will be used In tha funeral
train. It was drawn by tho eight cream
colored horses Belected to draw tha car
riage In to-morrow's funeral pageant and
they performed all tho evolutions which
will be seen to-morrow. The run carriage
forms part of the seven new patterned
field batteries which have Just been com
pleted. The muzzle of a 15-pounder pro
jects In front, while tho breech and trun
nion portion is covered by a platform of
the size and shape of the coffin. The total
weight- of the lumber, gun carriage ami
coffin will be about two and a quarter
tons.
LONDON, Feb. L— Tha last of th© royal
and other representatives to be present at
the Queen's funeral reached London In
the course of the morning. " Prom the
Czarowitch, representing the Czar of. all
# the Ruasias, to the Korean Minister at
St. Petersburg, sent by the Emperor ot
far-away Korea, ' they come from all
courts and principalities, far or near.
Each delegation has to be met on Its ar
rival by representatives of the King- and
the Government and the constant coming
and going of notables proved to ba a
source of Interest to the Immense crowds
of spectators.
COWTB, Feb. L— With gran/ {
yet mournful display -of i
r.aval pomp and power the j
body of Queen Victoria was j
borne this aftcrftocn from |
its quiet resting: piece In Os- ,
borne House to Portsmouth, j
the heart of England's
: navy. N*t ««!nee Admiral
Cervera's chip* lit vp the Cuban coast
with their eelf-conouming fires has ar.r
thlng been wen which in tragic sr'endor
approached th<- naval pperlnc> o* to-uay.
The half-hur-drr d red flphtlng ships that
this afternoon fired their broadsides and
tr.I^ute rcna were inferior f:i strength to
the tQree path-?rcd In the yame •waters for
the Jubilee celebration. : liut the lack of
f ormidablcness wai tatty atoned for by
ChJB no'emnlty of this fleet In mourning.
Over the still waters,, between the roll of
the ilx-pounders. came {strains of Chopln'e
and Beethoven's funeral marches. The
cr^w*. aocu!«torred to ' cheer -with • the ¦
heartiness which beton^B only to "Jack
ie?." ptood ,«Oentljr along the decks, a.nd
th» flaps, which usually float defia.ntly.-ln
the- breeze) dropped half-way down ;'the.
halyards. The most powerful fleet Eng
'.r.r.i could on short notice lay Inert
end. Silent cave for the mournful strains
cf the bands and. the woeful pound of guns
that betokened r. either peace nor war, but
tfoath. Pa.«t these and past tho Iloh'en
rol'.crn. the huge .though cumbersome
Cnrr.perdo'wn, tha Rodney and the Ben
bow, on through the. line off British bat
tleships, ell. as powerful as the Oregon
and Kentucky: ptill on, till Japan's Ilat
euz. the biggest •warship In the world, was
left astern and the German Baden was
beam to beam with Vice Admiral Sir Har
ry HoJdsworth Rawson's eplendld flag
ship, tie Majestic cf the channel equad
ron, the naval fur.eral procession elowly
Etearaed. Ahead were eight destroyers.
«nfl seldom have these speedy craft drawn
t'ielr long: black hulls eo sluggishly
through the wat«r. ' ° :
Steamier lelsurelr after them was tho
royal yacht Alberta, half screened by -"the
awning on tho poop, the royal coffin
placed on a crimson dais, the curtains
of which were drawn back and tied to
four poles, leaving free to view the mag
nificent casket and robes. Sometimes
abeam, sometimes ahead, was the Trinity
House yacht Irene, watching the course,
while In the wake of the cofnn came the
royal yacht Victoria and Albert, with
King Evlward and Queen Alexandra.' and
the British royal family; the royal yacht
Osborne, with other royal personages; the
Imperial yacht Hohenzoltern, with Empe
ror "William, the Duke and Duchess of
Connaught and others; the Admiralty
yacht Enchan tress, and a Trinity House
yacht with officials on board.
The main squadron of battleships and
jL <: misers were moored two and a half ca
l hies apart in one line, extending from
<"owes to Splthead. The channel fleet, un
der the command of Vice Admiral Sir
Harry Hcldsworth Rawson, formed the
eastern portion, .and the reserve fleet, un
der Rear Admiral Sir Girard Henry Xoel,
formed the western porticin.
The foreign war vessels were moored
southwest of the British ships in the or
der of tneir arrival, and alongside, of
them wore moored eigh't British gunboats
—the Antelope. Gleaner, Skipjack. Leda,
Rattlesnake, Alert, Circe and Speedwell.
After leaving Trinity pier, the Alberta,
with her attendant escort, steamed along
the deep channel between the coast of
the Isle of "Wight and the single line .of
battleships and cruisers. The main lino
was as follows, beginning at Cowes: . The
Alexander, Camperdown. Rodney. Ben
bow. Colllngwood, Colossus, Sans Parell,
rCile, Howe, Melampas. Severn, Galatea,
Bellona, Pactolus. Pelorus, Diana, Con
queror, Arrogant; 'Minerva, Xlobe, Hero,
Hood, 'irafalgar. Resolution, Jupiter,
Hannibal, Mars, Prince George and Ma
jestic. "'' i ];'¦.'¦•
Minute guns were fired by all the ships
in the Solent and at Cowes, commencing
when the A'berta left the pier. Each ship
. ceased Sririg Immediately after the tall of
the procession had passed her.
r After the procession had passed the
Majestic the farts and ships in Ports
mouth commenced firing niinute guns and '
continued firing until the Alberta was
alongside the wharf. No standards were
displayed and ensigns and union - Jacks
were at half-mast.
The bands played the funeral marches
of Chppin and Beethoven only. No. na
tional anthem was played.
On the approach of the procession tie
ships -were manned and the guards and
bands, were paraded. The officers were In
full dress and the men "No. 1 rig" and
straw hats. The guards presented arms
as the Alberta passed each ship and then
rested pn their arms reversed until the
procession had passed.
A .detachment of marines and the ad
miral's band were on board Nelson's old
f.agstoip, the Victory. -In Portsmouth har
bcr.
All the eea front and dockyard* were
manned by marines and sailors, while
Barrow Island was manned by boys from
the tralnlnr eh!p Bt Vincent and from the
ginnery ship Excellent." . '
I "When the Majestic was left astern tho
Alberta was moored for tho night. To
morrow the body*wlll be taken ashore at
Portsmouth and thence conveyed toLon
i Con and "Windsor for toe last tributes to
" Mae Queen..
Th« ceremony in bringing the ceffln
from Osborne House to the pier at Cowes
Millions in London Will To-Day Ren
der Tribute to Sovereign Who De
sired Burial as a Soldier's Daughter
With Imposing Military and Naval
Display the Royal Catafalque Is Es
corted From Cowes to Portsmouth
REMAINS OF THE "QUEEN OF THE SEAS" BORNE
ACROSS THE WATER TO THE ACCOMPANIMENT
OF MINUTE GUNS AND SAD MILITARY MUSIC
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX^Oi fi4.
Continued on Third Page.
Shortly before 3 o'clock white smoke
broke from the Majestic's side and a Bec
ond later a report, cracked over the har
bor and ecnoed to the hills, announcing
the starting of the Alberta from Trinity
pier. From ship to ship the salute was
passed down the line.. Each vessel of the
fleet was • firing . minute guns. They all
employed their shore side batteries, so
that on the channel sides were silhouettes
of hulls, spars and iron work, before
backgrounds of dense . gray smoke. The
sound was that of a great battle. The
funeral fleet was just well under way
when it cam^ abreast J of the press boat.
Torpedo-boat destroyers^ crept ahead,
moving : ln< pairs, like silent pallbearers
marching before a hearse. They were the
Portsmouth ; squadron. "all of exactly the
same" size, every inch of hull and.ma
chinery painted a' dull black, with* an offi
cer standing like | a statue at each bow,
each * of , the : crews : aligned at : "attention"
like sentries on their decks. : Hardly a
ripple came \ from their bows, their speed
Through the whole length of th« chan
nel there were only a long double file of
warships with black messenger boats
dashing amons them. For nearly three
hours the fleet watched for the coming of
the funeral. The officers on the bridges.
In- the most gorgeous uniforms, with all
their decorations and medals, scanned the
Cowes shore docks through their glasses.
An occasional brilliant burst of sunshine
showed tens of thousands of spectators,
subjects of the dead. Queen, assembled to
witness her last passage from Cowes to
Portsmouth.
"Queen's weather" came at noon In a
burst of sunshine and the clouds cleared
away from the channel and lingered
above the tree % tops along the crest of hills
on either side. The police boat' ushered
the merchant shipping ¦ and crowded ex
cursion craft back , to their anchorages
under the shelter of the shore. • :C"
The pathway between the ships was a
quarter of' a mil© avenue of clear water.
Behind the lines of the warships hovered
a few yachts- and channel steamers. Black
torpedo boats and torpedo-boat destroyers
were . skirmishing about and offices* gigs
and launches swarmed everywhere. Bugle
calls came over the water and gaudy sig
nal flags burst out and disappeared. The
British ships were also lighted with
gleams of the scarlet coats of the marine*.
The black muzzles of the huge guns
swung from their ports looked very Im
posing. . : . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.HOW SOME OF CALIFORNIA'S STATESMEN BARN THEIR SALARIES AT SACRAMENTO,
King Thompson Caught.
SANTA EOSA, Fcb/l. — King Thompson,
Indicted by the last <y»unty grand jury for
having robbed. the s*fe in a local laundry,
is a prisoner at AShland, Or. Word- to
that effect was received by the City Mar
shal.to-day, .Thompson, who was an. em-
Soye of the -Iaupdry,, took from the safe
) belonging ti/AIIss Josie Walker, an
other employe./
PRESENTS SUBSTITUTE
BA'CETBACK MEASURE
Senate Committee on Corporation*
and Public Morals 'Offers .'
r ;T^'v - a Bill. . "
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 1.— The Senate Committee
on Corporations and Public Morals has in
troduced a substitute jbill for Leayltt'n
measure giving 1 -owners- of places , of
amusements the right to exclude certain
persons applying for admission. The i bill
provides: . . - * ' •
It shall be unlawful for any corporation, per
son or association, or : the proprietor, lesse^,
or the agents of either, of any • opera-house,
theater, melodeon. . museum, circus, caravan,
racecourse, fair or other place ' of amusement
or entertainment to refuse admittance to any
one over the age of 21 years who presents a
ticket of admission acquired by purchase, and
v.-ho demands admission to such place; pro
vided, that any person under tho Influence of
liquor.-, or who is guilty, of bolBterous conduct.
or. any person o( lewd or Immoral 'character,
or any person .who has been rulea oft or sus
pended by the governing . body thereof from
eny . racecourse for violation of the rules and
regulations thereof, or any perncn who ma
liciously and . with Intent to Injure or degrade
ony person , on . or officer ¦ of , such racecourse
clt^s, or threatens to do, any act which tends
to injure or degrade any person on.-or officer
of, such racecourse, may . be excluded from
ony such place of amusement or entertain
ment.- . . ¦ . . .- - : . . .. ¦ -
COMPELS RESTAURANTS
TO PROVIDE REGISTERS
Text of a Bill Introduced in the
TJpper House by Senator
;-¦¦-.- '¦:¦¦;- : \. ¦.'-¦'¦ - Corlett. ¦
; CALL, , HEADQUARTERS, : SACRA
MENTO, ; Feb. \ l.-Senator , Corlett has in-
troduced a bill requiring i the keeping cf
registers in certain . restaurants. The bill
is entitled act re^ulatjng the keeping
of restaurants to which are ! " connected
lodging rooms or. rooms • furnished' with
sleeping* accommodations in which meala'
liquors, beer. -wine or, other . drinks ar^
sold -or. served, and orarvldlng for thq
keeping of a register of names' of occu
pants i of, such ¦; rooms, and ¦¦ the'Investiza
tlonMnspection and examination. of such'
register < and ; rooms by, the police authori
ties and : Sheriff of the ¦ place where such
restaurants : are ; located ; and ¦ providing %
penalty,- for .violation. of the/conditions cf
such ' regulations." ;•
y.The blll-iirovides: that'no persons shall
be allowed; to visit rooms connected : with
•restaurants until thev have registered
their, true names upon a public register,
stable of San Jose, for the tracking and
final caDture of a man named Waiselew
sky, who eight years ago murdered his
wife In San Jose. Edson tracked the man
through Mexico and several of the States,
and finally located him in a jail in Ari
zona. The -man -was brought back to San
Jose, whe£e- he was tried and afterward
hanged. Edson did the work without
prospect of reward. Theblll at first ap
propriated $3000, but this was cut down to
$1500.
thirds majority was necessary. This fact
will be the basis for a controversy to-mor
row morning. The members of the oppo
sition will contend that the special order
does not stand, in spite of the Speaker's
ruling, and that bills passed in result of
such ruling would lack validity. Speaker
Pendleton admits that he made his ruling
in full knowledge that the vote was not
adequate, not considering it hia duty t )
do a problem in long division to determine
if the vote presented a two-thirds major
ity. The ruling once made and passed
without protest, he. claims, is final and
gives the bills place as special order.. .:
SENATE TAKES, ACTION
V.V ON NUMEROUS BILLS
Cutter's Measure for the Repeal of
the Purity of Election Law Is
Denied Passage.
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 1.— The Senate
spent the) day In consideration of the sec
ond and third reading files. A large num
ber of bills were passed. They were: .
S. B. 199— To amend section 880 of the Po
litical Code, relating- to the- Investment of
moneys from the sale of State school lands.
.8. B. 267— To amend the act relating to mu
tual benefit and relief. associations.
S. B. 2<o— Amending section 3658 and repeal
ing section 3701 of an act to establish a Po
litical Code, approved March 12 1S72. ¦¦
- S. B. 238— To pay Thomas J. .Walsh for con
veying election returns , from San Francisco
to Sacramento. ¦
' 8. B. 64 — Appropriating money for ¦ forestry
station at Chlco. • ¦ -• ¦¦¦
S. B. 307— Relating to the duties of the State
Bank CommiB8ldriers,
S. B. 237-Amendlng section 2CC3 of the Po
litical Code.
'A. B. Si — Authorizing- the Attorney General
to appoint an additional clerk. . ¦¦/¦. ¦ •
S. B. €8— Amending section 1261 of the Po
litical Code, relating toelectlon returns. '
: S. B. 23!)— Appropriating money to • pay the
claim of J. E. Edson. •¦•¦ • -• .
S.- B. -1S6— Amending the act establishing a
Rate Board o£ Parole Comtplsslonera
S. ¦ B. 175— Appropriating money for the pur
chase of books at . the Preston > School ¦ of In
dustry- --• ' •¦ •-- » v . . _ •
S. B. 6 — An act to amend section 870 of an
ect entitled: "An act to provide for . the or
ganization, * Incorporation ~. and ' government of
municipal corporations," . approved March 13,
1S8S, relating • to • the organization,, incorpora
tion and government of municipal corporations.
¦ A. B. 88 — Directing- the State Prison Directors
to employ at least twenty prisoners in the con
struction and repair of. the roads to San Quen
tin. Prison^ . - .
A. B.- 39— Fixing 1 a punishment for; Injuring;
electric wlrea or stealing- electric currents. '
¦ .The following bills ¦' were ' refused : pas
sage: : . . ¦ ..•:.•;-;-::- • . ;
.8. B. 8— Amending sections 2, 11 and 15 of
the act of 1899 providing for the : Inspection of
dairies. . , . , ,.:....,.
S. B. • 134— Repealing • the purity of . election
law or-'18S3. :. :.- ' .• ,.' . ' -
' Gutter . gave ¦ notice .that on the. next
legislative. day he would move to recon
sider the -note by which this measure was
denied passage. :. „. - ' . - ¦ ,:
Favors t Rewarding Edson.
> CALL. ,;HEADQUARTERS,
MENTO,. Feb. : 1.— The Senatetthls;morn
ins passediShortrldge'sbni to appropriate
$1500, to pay Juan E. Eds'on,' a former Con-
There was a voll call, followed by' a call
of the house, and the clerks took ten min
utes to figure out the result, whtle John
son was scurrying about trying to squeeze
out a few more affirmative votes. One
member changed from no to aye, and
Walker of Santa Clara promptly changed
from aye to no. The Speaker, Johnson
and the clerks gave up in despair, and
Pendleton announced the vote 50 to 27 and
declared the mction lost, as it had not re
ceived the necessary two-thirds majority.
Melick offered a resolution striking out
section 2 of bill 558, which makes it a
felony to write or print any reportof
Asiatic cholera or bubonic plague until
the State Board - of Health has declared
it to exist and such declaration has been
entered in its minutes.
"I may be talking against a stone wall,"
said Mellck, "In view of certain commu
nications and certain demands made upon
members here, but I hope this amendment
will be accepted. This section, strikes at
the very root of the freedom of speech
and of the press. Moreover, it will 1 be in
effective, because we cannot control pub
lications outside the State, where the real
commercial - Injury is inflicted in such
cases."
James favored the amendment. He said
the objectionable section . absoultely re
versed the rules and regulations of every
local Board of Health, making a felony
of what Is now Its duty.
Cowan made the point that a physician
was liable now to lose his license 'to prac
tice for failure to report a case of, con
tagious disease. If this bill became a law
ho would be guilty of a felony if he did.
, "This bill," Laird said, "goes much far
ther than the severest legislation we have.
San Francisco might have the plague on
every street, yet if one man warned an
other away he would be guilty of felony.
And If. th© State Board of .Health should
refuse to act or to enter Kg decision m
the minutes it would continue to be fel
ony. More, the .bill Is retroactive and
makes it a felony to write or print that
the plague has recently existed/ I -ask
the gentlemen who oppose me political'y
to pause and consider what this means. I
hope they will not try to override-the con
stitution, of the United ; States and the
constitution of ¦ California - to • please any
man or any set of nt»n.Thls bill is revolu
tionary— as much bo as the invasion of our
rights by an armed force." •• ... , -
Johnson consented to let Assembly. bill
No. 5S8 go to the -Judiciary : Committee;
but proceeded to force : Nob.:; 659 and '. 560
through as a special order for to-morrow
morning. Brown of San Mateo opposed
such action ; and ; said the bills Interfered
in a province In i which the Federal quai -
antine was supreme.~£tfHHMiBgMMeeMaHp9
"They have no more to do with Federal
quarantine,'* retorted Johnson," "than the
transit of Venus has to do with a-base
ball game In Sacramento. Every day un
told millions are- losf to California: as- a
result of false reports and with these peri
patetic experts coming ' from > the - Lord
knows where, and with scare heads in the
papers about dangers that do not exist."
After.- several » intervening » amendments,
Johnson's motion to make the bills a spe
cial order was put to; a vote, T and a divi
sion being : called. Speaker .' Pendleton an
nounced the vote as 32 to 23 and then de
clared . the , motions carried.", ; .;The : parlia
mentarians of the: opposition' were asleep
and did not protest, although a two-
He States, However, THat the Boers
Are Determined to Fight to
a Finish. .
LONDON. Feb. 1.— A dispatch from
Pretoria, announces that Pretorius. one of
the leading Boers, has surrendered. Pre
torius states, however, that the Boers are
as determined as ewer to fight.
For. a Cold In the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Quinlne Tablets. *
nOMBAT. Feb. 1.— Reports have ar
rived here of a sanguinary battle near
Kowelt. on the Prn-lan Gulf, between the
Fheikhs of Kowelt and Binraehld. who
caJls himself king- of Arabia.
Blnrashid had 20,000 men armed with
rifle*, " while the Sheikhs had 10 000 all
mounted and carrying rifles. Binrashid
marched on Koweit and jhe- Sheikhs ad
vanced to meet him.
The battle lasted from sunset until
dawn. Binrashid charged repeatedly, but
he was 'completely routed by the Sheikh*
who captured a great quantity of booty. '
GENERAL PRETORIUS '
SURRENDERS TO BRITISH
Force* of So-Called King of Arabia
Routed by Ten Thousand
i Opponents.
SANGUINARY" BATTLE ON '
SHORES OF PERSIAN GUXF
Washington-, Feb. i.— The local com
mittee in charge of the Inaugural ceremon
ies to be held on the 4th of March state
that the celebration this" year will be
greater in extent and brilliancy than any
cf its predecessors. A novel feature of
the parade will be the presence of thou
t-en<3s of college students from various in
stitutions throughout the country and in
general the procession promises to be very
leng and v.ery fine. There will be also a
number of Rough Rider clubs in Une that
are now in progress of organization In va
rious parts of the country. Secretary
Lcr.g has promised to have some warships
at the navy yard to amuse -and Instruct
the visitors from the interior and step*
are being takon to make the inauguial
Uall. which will be held at the Pension
Office on the night of March 4. more en
joyable than usual by preventing the
overcrowding that has marked these func
tions In the i>a_«t.
Flans to Make the Ceremony of
§ March 4 a Most Brilliant
Affair.
WILL SURPASS ALL
V.*- PREVIOUS INAUGURALS
LOS AXGEUCS, F.b. 1.— President E.
P. Ripiey of the Santa Fe Pacific railway
cystem was a bu?y map. to-day. He visit
ed the Bradbury block early in the morn
ing, where, in company with First Vice
President Paul Morton and General Man
ager A. G. Wells, ne remained closeted
throughout the day. Vic* President Mor
ton will remain .a few! days and become
better acquainted with the details cf the
road before going East. Mr. Ripley smiled
when asked regarding the alleged" confer
ence with Hays in San Francisco.
"There was no conference." he said
'Mr. Hays had apartments at the Palace
end I was stopping thtre. We met in t'.<j
corridor one evening, and he Invited rao
to hi* room. . We are old friends, you
know."
"Didn't you discuss the building of the
Salt Lake road?" was asked.
"Of course, we talked of the road, but
we didn't form any coalition for the pur
pose of blocking its obstruction, as re
ported. No, we didn't mention freight
rates on rails nor on any other materials
in connection with the new road."
"Then you will In no way oppose the
construction of the new" road?"
"What good would ihat do?" he an
swered. -It some one wants to build a
road he will do so wncther 1 oppose It or
encourage it. If th» promoters? of the
: road think it will be a paying business
proposition they will not consult me "
- "Xh*»n you rejoice vith the officials of
tn<? new road?" was suggested
"Hardly." paid Mr." Hinley. ' laughing
•No. I can't say that Mike the idea, but
my opposition would be of no avail."
Salt Lake Line.
WILL MAKE MX) EFFORT
TO BLOCK NEW ROAD
President Ripley Denies . That the
Santa Fe Will Eindsr the
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 1.— Assembly bills
558, 559 and 5G0, introduced by
Speaker Pendleton in pursuance of
the policy of Governor Gage to
ward the commission sent out by the
Treasury Department to investigate
health conditions, were the cause of the
most bitter fight this morning that has
yet taken place in the. Assembly during
this session. For almost three hours
Johnson, with the majority of the mem
bers behind him, fought to rush the bills
through as < urgency measures, with
James, Cowan, Brown of San Mateo and
others seeking to have the bills take the
regular course, at least to the extent of
reference to committees.
Johnson himself made the concession of
allowing the first bill, 658, to go to the
Judiciary Committee, to be reported on
Monday and made a special order for
Tuesday. This concession was made by
Johnson because he was forced to confess
to Laird that the clause in section 2 of the
bill, which makes the writing or printing
of an assertion even that Asiatic cholera
or bubonic plague "has recently existed"
a. felony, was unconstitutional.
The other bills— 659, making it the duty
of local boards of health to report sus
pected cases of the cholera or plague to
the State Board of Health, and empow
ering the latter to. take possession of tne
body of a living or the corpse of a" de
ceased person .which has had - such dis
ease, and 560, appropriating $100,000 for the
investigation of . health affairs— were
finally forced through to a. special order
for to-morrow morning immediately after
the reading of the journal.
The consideration of the bills, all on the
file as special x order, was deferred to .11
o'clock, as the bills were not on the mem
bers' desks. Shortly before 11 o'clock
James opened the contest by offering a
resolution authorizing the appointment r>y
the Speaker of a committee of live to in
vestigate and report to the Assembly
whether or not plague had existed in Cali
fornia. He claimed that members could
not vote Intelligently on the bills proposed
until they had 'personal knowledge of the
facts around which the controversy be
tween the Federal quarantine service and
(he local officials had raged. Schleslnger
and Cowan spoke. In favor of the resolu
tion, but on motion of Knight the resolu
tion was tabled.
Johnson offered a resolution declaring
the measures urgency bills and providing
that they fhould be given the second ana
third readings immediately. A long par
liamentary contest 1 ensued. In the course
of which Mellck and the Speaker clashed
The Speaker had ordered members to
their seats, with a very evident direction
of his command at. Mellck. Later Mellck
demanded that members who were work-
Ing among the Assemblymen in the Inter
ests of Pendleton's bills be treated in the
same manner. • ,
"I do not remember," said the Speaker,
'to have addressed any ruling to you, and
your remarks are entirely ¦ uncalled for
and irregular.',' ¦ •
The Incident passed, but after the ad
journment the two men had some words
that started the rumor about the^Capitol
that they had come to blows.-
Johnson's resolution to declare the bills
urgency measures finally came to a vote.
HEALTH BILLS SANCTIONED BY GOVERNOR GAGE MEET BITTER
OPPOSITION ON THE PART OF A MINORITY IN THE ASSEMBLY
and under the true date of occupancy and
with the number and location of tha
rooms occupied, This restster must be
kept in a public room and must at all
times be open to "Inspection by the police.
A fine of from $50 'o $250 and an impris
onment of not to exceed ninety days art
provided as penalties for any. violation of
the provisions of the bill.
The following section Is contained In the
bill: . i
Every person, firm, corporation or associa
tion . whose manager or employe shall stand
convicted of a violation of this art shall be
deemed to he of dissolute and immoral char
acter, and no license shall be Kranted to them
for the keeping of a restaurant or ealoon by
the licensing authorities of the place where
the restaurant is located.
EIGHT-HOUR DAY FOB
THE WEAREKS OP STARS
Favorable Report on the Bill Limit
ing a Policeman's Time on
Duty.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO,. Feb. l.-Tho Senate Committee
on Municipal Corporations has decided to
report favorably on Hoey's bill to limit
the hours of fluty for policemen and offi
cers of the police force In cities to eight
hours a day. except in cases of emerg
ency. -
• N'utt's bill relatins to the fees of
Recorders and his bill relating to the fees
of Marshals were favorably considered.
Senator Burnett's bill. S. B. 3ft an act
to protect the manufacturing. Interests of
the State by restricting the, sale of prison
made goods, will be recommended for pas
sage by the Senate Committee on Manu
factures. ,
_The Assembly Committee on Roads and
Highways decided to recommend for pas
sage Senate bill 144. by Smith of Kern, a
measure to provide for the organization
ana government of permanent road divi
sions and deiinine a , metnod by which
they may raise money for the construc
tion and repair of roads within their own
limits. . * '
Felix's bill to appropriate $50,000 to buijd
a .-wagon road from Salinas In Monterey
County to San Miguel In San Luis Oblspo
County and the bill drawn up by State
Highway Commissioner Maude, appropri
ating,$20,C0O additional for the Lake/Tahoe
State wagon road, will - be submitted to
the Assembly as a committee 'bill- favora
bly reportcd.2gjggSgpS¥3! /
. — »_ — : — * /
Butler Retains His Seat.
SACRAMENTO,' Feb. 1.— In,the Assem
bly the Commltteo on Contested Elections
reported this morning that Assemblyman
John Butler of San Frandsco was en
titled'to his seat.' and a rrsolution in ac
cordance ;.with the committee report was
adopted, . • / .
quarters.- .
"That was my opinion then." he con
cluded, "and that Is my opinion now."
Hills disclaimed any prejudice against
the California commission, and denied
that he had written one word about the
Paris Exposition, except what had been
published over his own signature, except
a recent editorial in the Record-Union, in
which he decried the effort to make the
controversy a personal one between him
and the Commissioners.
James A. Filcher, manager of the State
Board of Trade, told how the Hamburg
exhibit, which was nearly as large and
quite as good, in his opinion, as the State
exhibit at Paris, cost the State but $3350.
He reiterated -a great deal that Mills had
said.
Joseph D. Lynch of the Western
Graphic was sworn. He said he had writ
ten the editorials which had appeared in
the Graphic and had based them upon in
formation he had received from letters
Truman had written to him. He submitted
some of these letters and they were re
ceived by the committee. The principal
one contained lists or questions submitted
to Gasklll. Footeanu Runyon. These the
committee has decided, not to make public.
¦ Lynch was the only witness so far ex
amined who has had a good word to say
for Truman. -. .••
Mr. Foote has been very ill with a se
vere cold. He left for his home this
afternoon. • :'¦ '• ;.-•
- • t
and California a State.
Mills was then asked how the Southern
Pacific exhibit compared with that of
California, and he said there could have
been no comparison. The Southern Pa
cific's exhibit was larger and more com
plete and covered everything the State
exhibit covered and more. too. ¦
. "We showed everything the State pro
duces," said Mr. Mills, "whether the arti
cles be produced in commercial quantities
or not. This was done not only to show
the existing conditions.. but the possibili
ties of the State." ; . * .
, Mills was asked what wa# the cost of
the Southern Pacific's exhibit, and he said
the total expense amounted to $32,000, and
in this was included $7000 f on office "Tents,
$1000 for furnishings and fittings, $4000 for'
a pavilion. $2000 for duty, $2000 for-installa
tion and $5600 for collection. The Califor
nia exhibit, he said, should not have cost
more than $10,000, ,'wlth 13600 more to in
stall it.
The questions then turned upon head
quarters, and Mills was asked what he
thought of the advisability of having
headquarters at all. He said Fuch a plan
was a good one,, for, while the exhibit
was for visitors, an office was a place to
which merchants couid be Invited and
there informed of the commercial possi
bilities of the State.
"Did you have any wine there?" asked
Treadwell. «
"Yes," replied Mills; "we brought 2000»
bottles of wine to Paris,' but from thi3 we
had to take enough for an exhibit"
"Did you serve this to visitors?" s
"Yes, we served samples of wine to deal
ers and those who showed they were fam
iliar with the sampling of wine. We pre
ferred discussing the wine as a product
rather than drinking it as a drink. 1 ' . .
"And did you make any special effort nt
entertainment?" .
"Nf| we preferred to put. the product*
of the State on exhibition, not the people
who were exhibiting them."
Then Mills was asked what he had' sold
his exhibit for and ho said what was sold
brought $3W0. it was sold to many deal
ers, not to one. He was asked what he
thought of $460 as a selling price for an
exhibit and he said that for such an ex
hibit as the commissioners m,ade $460 was
a very good price. He said, further, that
the State exhibit was poor in every de
partment except that of mining, the min
eral exhibit having been made up by the
State Mining Bureau.
Then Stewart was given an opportunity
to ask why Hills had not visited the.Cal-'
ifornia headquarters. Mills declined to
answer because he said it was a personal
matter, but when Sicwart Insisted on the
question Mills said that when the Com
missioners tried to prevent the good his
company intended to do for the State he
believed their . course was unwise, un
patriotic and contemptible and that was
why he did not so near the State head-
Special Dispatch to The Coll.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAC
RAMENTO. Feb. 1.— The inves
tigation into the affairs of the
Paris Commission opened this
afternoon with William H. Mills
on the stand. His testimony was
rosy and there was not- much that he
wiEhed to tell that he. did not get before
the committee. Among a great many
other things, he said he has seen exhibits
at the State fair in Sacramento that were
better than the exhibit of ' the v United
States at the World's Fair in Paris. 'He
declared that a collective exhibit, such
as was made, was of little value to the
State, and after saying that an exhibit
without seme one on hand to explain it
to visitors was practically withouHfcUue,
he went on to add that he never saw any
one connected with the exhibit anywhere
near it.
Mr. Mills helped out the commission by
saying he was in favor of establishing
headquarters, but when Filcher came to
the stand after Mills had been excused
and told how he had to give his card to
a colored boy before he was allowed to
enter, the headquarters question resumed
its former level. An earnest endeavor
was made by the committeemen to find
out what had engendered bitter feelings
Mills believed if the matter had been
properly handled this State could have
obtained a collective exhibit. Had the
Commissioners agreed to surrender all the
spaco allowed to California in return for
space for a collective exhibit, he thought
such a scheme might have gone through.
Treadwell wished to know if the collec
tive exhibit of the Southern Pacific was
allowed to compete fof prizes, and Mills
said it had not. Then Treadweir asked
If the California exhibit could have com
peted for prizes if a collective exhibit had
been made, and. Mills said he could not
tell, the cases not being parallel— the
Southern Pacific was a commercial body
Mills was careful to make no charges
against the Commissioners, although he
hesitated not at all to cay their exhibit
was no eood and much j too costly. Ho
does not approve of the French Govern
ment, and said so, and told how Miglia
vacca, a wine man 'of Napa, had shown
him a blank form in which he was asked
to fill in the character of his exhibit, its
class, etc., percentage and the award he
wished it to have.
"I have relegated the whole business to
the mental vultures who revel in the car
rion of scandal," he said, and this seemed
to satisfy the committee. .
between Mills and the commission, and
Mills gave one reason— the row over the
exhibit of the Southern Pacific— but when
he was pressed for more details he would
go no further.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC OFFICIAL APPEARS AS WITNESS
BEFORE THE LEGISLATIVE INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE
Praises the Showing Made by the Railroad, at Paris and Declares the State Did. Not
1 Get Annwhere Neap the Value of- the Money It Expended, ¦""•'
¦ .'. .:-¦-.. « ! • . ' ... •
Melick's Motion for a Re
consideration Is
Voted. Down.
epee'al Dispatch to The Call.
GALL HEADQUARTERS. ' SAC
RA1IEXTO, Feb. 1.— Melick's at
tempt this morning to obtain a
reconsideration of the vote by
¦which Flsk's resolution for an
...investigation of the San Fran
c!<=ro Police Department Was adopted
proved. abortive.' The notice was tabled
by a vote of 47 to 23 with.adirpatch that
showed the -mind of the Assembly to be
made up unqualifiedly in favor of the
L*xow1ng of Chief Sullivan's department.
Mellck broke into. the ring in the midst
of the chills and fever of the discussion
over the Governor's health bills, by call-
Ing up his notice of a .motion for recon
sideration. He had to support him a
determined minority. Including both
Republican and Democratic members,
but his backing lacked numerical
strength. -Among the San Francis
co ; members even the Democrats
voted .to turn "the legislative' searchlight
on Phelan's and Sullivan's alleged hobby
of comitromise by compact with Chinese
and other gamblers.
Melltk moved that his motion be made
a special "order tor next Wednesday, but
before a second could be heard Guilfoyle
was on his feet. with a motion that the
nonce of motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table. Roll call was demanded
and when It was over 47 Assemblymen
had gone upon record again Jn favor of
the investigation, as against. r3 opposed
In the face of such a decisive expession,
the committee appointed .by Speaker Pen-
Gitton yesterday .will delay no longer in
entering upon the formulation of Its plan
of campaign. The members met at 130
this afterr.oon. but did little more than
Arrange for The preliminary meetings in
!*?»£ ra^.iseo. Three of its members-
Echilb*. \\ ebber and Wright— will be ab-
Fent until Monday with the Committee
on State Hospitals and Asylums on "its
£unli%tin & trip to the Southern California
Hospital at Highlands. Chairman Know
land will go uj San Francisco to-morrow
afternoon and will arrange for a place
for the committee's meetings and attend
to other preliminaries. He will try to get
one of the more commodious courtrooms
lor the purposes of the investigation
The committee will meet on Mon'day
Tiight at the Grand Hotel and attend to
whatever Questions of procedure present
themselves. • .
Ciuunnan Knawland believes that the
committee will be able to foetfn the ex
amination of witnesses on Tuesday morn-
Ing. The work will be crowded through
n:ght sessions being held, if that be found
feasible.
Mlnorltu Falls to
Head Off Police
Investigation.
ASSEMBLY
INSISTS ON
AN INQUIRY
Special Dispatch to The CWL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SAC
RAMENTO. Feb. 1.— The two
sets of blll3.for the aid of the
University of California were
thrashed over in a- meeting of
the Senate- Finance Committee*
to-night. The discussion was long and
tamest and the committee adjourned
without taking action to decide which
ret tt will recommend for passage.
Sector Rowell defended his bills, es-.
tablishtng direct inheritance, naturaliza
tion an* Incorporation taxes, as against
the bills introduced by Senator Lukens
as the result of the conference between
Governor Gaga and the Alamedar County
delegation. Ssenator Smith of Kern stood
v.tth Dr. Rowell, but tha other members,
so far" as jopjnions were expressed, were
all of the opinion that if tiny aid were
to be given during thi3 session ; of the
Legislature it must be by such measures
as the Lukens bills, since they akma meet
the Governor's approval.
Senator Smith took the gfound that the
burden of higher education ought to b«
borne by th*> classes able to avail them
selves of the luxury, of that education.
Those. classes vere reached by such taxes
as. those Imposed on direct Inheritance
and articles of incorporation.
Senator Leavltt said the Idea that a
biennial lobby for the university would
be made necessary If the policy of direct
appropriations were adopted was a mis
taken one. He agreed with the Governor
that experimenting with ' revenue meas
ures was not to be thought of in provid
ing for the university's support. No one
could give a reasonably accurate estimate
of what revenue the Rowell bills would
produce.
Senator Davis spoke In the same vein.
He said the inheritance tax might get a
revenue beyond the reasonable needs of
the university. On the other hand he
believed the tax on foreign corporations
would yield very little.
Both Davis and Lukens combated
Smith's Idea that a higher education was
a luxury to be enjoyed only by the well
to-do and wealthy, classes, contending
that Its advantages were enjoyed largely
by young men and women from the hum
ble walks of life and that in the uni
versities . more truly than elsewhere no
aristocracy of wealth existed.
The Finance Committee did not act
upon the State Agricultural Park bill.
Some members of the committee visited
the park to-day In company with friends
of the measure, but the bill was not con
sidered at the meeting.
INVESTIGATING NEEDS
OF THE STATE OFFICERS
Duty Allotted to the Sub-Committees
by the Senats Finance
Committee.'
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 1.— As a means of
facilitating- Its work, the Senate Finance
Jommlttee has decided to allot to various
sub-committees the task of Investigating
the needs of the State officers and insti
tutions whose Income Is supplied by the
general appropriation bill. The sub-com
mittees will work Independently, but their
conclusions will be. reviewed by the com
mittee as a whole before final action.
The general appropriation bill Is the
most Important financial measure at each
regular session of the Legislature. The
Controller's estimate for the next two
years Is $11,695,043. At Its last regular
session the Legislature appropriated Jll,
710,598 for the expenses of the State gov
ernment for the two fiscal years ending
July 1, 1901. No definite idea can yet be
gained as to the probable amount of the
general appropriation at the present ses
sion.
Senate's Contingent Expenses.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 1.— An act appro
priating: J20.0CO for the contingent expenses
of the Senate was passed to-day under a
suspension of the constitution. «
Senate Finance Com
mittee Reaches No
Decision.
Smith of Kern SunDorts
Bills Presented Id
Rowell-
UNIVERSITY
MEASURES
DISCUSSED
MILLS SAYS CALIFORNIA'S EXHIBIT WAS A FLAT FAILURE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; FEBRUARY «i, 1901/
2
DR.MEYERS&CO
Specialists. Dlseas
and weakness 0
men. EstablUhe
1SSL. Consultatio:
and private- boo:
free, at offlca or b
raalL Cure* guar
anteed. 71* t Mar
ket street leievato
entrance). ; S»i
Francisco.
5h Hoffmanettes Rn
"Cigar. J«
THE HILSON CO-i'malrers. N.Y,
MiU. SADLER * CO.. Distributer* 849 frusta.
AT FIRST GLANCE.
dies Would Be Best for Cure
It Would Appear That Local Reme-
of Catarrh.
It would seem at first fiance that
catarrh, being a disease of the mucous
membrane, salves, sprays, etc., beinjr
applied directly to the membranes of th*
nose and throat would be the most ra-
tional treatment, but this has been proven
not to be true. . .- '
The mucous membrane Is made and re-
paired from the blood and catarrh la a
blood disease and any remedy to make at
permanent cure must act on the blootj,
and when the blood la purified from ca-%
tarrhal poison, the secretions from tBe
mucous membrane will 'become natural
and healthy.
In this climate thousands of people seem
scarcely ever free from sorna form of
catarrh; It gets better at times, but each
winter becomes) gradually deeper seated
and after a time the sufferer resigns him-
self to It as a necessary evil.
Catarrh cures are almost as numerous.
as catarrh sufferers, but are nearly all to -
Inconvenient and ineffective s* to render
their use a nuisance nearly as annoying
as catarrh Itself; any one who has used
douches, sprays and powders will bear
witness to their inconvenience and failure
There are a number of excellent Internal
remedies for catarrh, but probably tha
best and certainly the safest la a new
remedy, composed c£ eucaJyptol. hydraa-
tis. sangulnarta and other valuable ca-
tarrh specifics. •..,..
This remedy Is in tablet form, pleasant
to the taste and sold by druggists under.
the name of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, and
any ope suffering from catarrh may uw
these tablets with absolute assurance that
they contala no cocaine, opiate nor any
poisonous mineral whatever. '
A leading drugrgist In Albany, apeakins
of cat*rrh cures, says: "I have sold va-
rious catarrh cures for years, but have
never sold any which gave such general
satisfaction as Stuart's Catarrh Tablets.
They contain in a pleasant.' concentrated
form all the best and latest catarrh reme-
dies, and catarrh sufferers who have used
douches, sprays and salves have been,
astonished at the quick relief and perm*- j
Sent results obtained after a week 'a use
of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets." All drug-,
gists sell full sized packages for 50 cents.
OH.MEYERS&CO.. JfS^T
Specialists. Disease $$jf • -W •
and -weakness oS ti&i
men. Established ftS&
1SS1. Consultation «|* |Q3»1SZ^
and prlvat© book \5aV /~J* I
free, at otHcs or by flab -JcSSii ''
mall. Cures guxr- TO ijHfea^
anieed. Tit t Mar- <W OwX»
ket street leievator
ADVERTISEMENTS.finishing touches to the official pro
gramme, the exacting and difficult ques
tion of procedure among the multitude
of British and visiting royalties having
been finally settled. The number of horses
their carriages should be drawn by as
well as the question who" should drive
and ride have been determined.
The cavalcade which will follow the
coffin, with King Edward in the center,
flanked by Emperor William and the Duke
of Connaught, will exceed in brilliancy
anything ever seen in England. Theie
will be nearly fifty Kings and Princes,
each wearing the uniform of his own
country. ;/.>;•-• : : /•: ;•'. -? ,'..; •,--
Following this brilliant cavalcade will
come the Princesses In carriages. The
order of precedence here observed empha
sizes the great changes the death of Vic
toria has made among her daughters.
Princess Christian. Princess Beatrice and
Princess Louise • now yield places to the
daughters of the King.
The first carriage will contain Queen
Alexandra, the Duchess of Fife, now
Princess Royal, Princess Victoria and
Princess Charles of Denmark. The second
carriage will contain the daughters of
Queen Victoria and the King of the Bel
gians. King Leopold was among the late
arrivals. Prince Christian met him at the
station and accompanied him to Bucking
ham Palace. The other royal and princely
personages who arrived last evening were
Archduke Francis Ferdinand of Austria,
the Prince of Hohenzollern and Prlnca
Arnulf of Bavaria.
The court sent a special Invitation to
Henry White, secretary of the United
States embassy, to attend the service In
St. George's Chapel royal to-day and to
.be present at the luncheon that will be
given in Windsor Castle after the service.
at which all the royal personages and
special envoys will appear. Mr. White
will thus accompany Mr. Choate, who is
the only member of the diplomatic corp*
similarly honored. The invitation Is not
only a compliment to the United States
but a special recognition of the friendship
which Queen Victoria long felt for Sir.
and Mrs. White. - . =.:
Trains have been steaming In constantly
through the night from Portsmouth and
pouring passengers Into the London sta
tion, the crowds taxing cabs, omnibuses
and the underground trains to their full
capacity.
LONDON. Feb. 2.— From Victoria sta
tion'to Paddlngton station the streets of
London are now draped in purple, black
and.whlte. In St. James street one meets
with a perfect blare of purple of all
shades.'- Piccadilly is gorgeous. Some of
the clubs are entirely veiled with purple
cloth, relieved • by .white: bows and ros
ettes. The lamp posts in the middle of
the road , along the voute • have all been
removed and the streets are being sanded
preparatory to the function of to-day.
¦. Nof.untll late last evening did the, Earl
Marshal, the ' Duke of ; Norfolk, give the
FIFTY KINGS
AND PRINCES
IN UNIFORM
Vice Consul Moore: Dr. Frederick d'Eve
lyn, chairman of the reception commit
tee; Professor Thomas Price of the Welsh
societies, and James McNab of the Vic
toria Hospital. William Greer Harrison,
as president of the British and American
Union and chairman of the ailed socie
ties, will receive the general public at the
Larkln-street entrance. Each body of
the specially invited guests will march to
the .platform, headed by Scottish pipers
playing a dirge, while a bell will toll and
muffled drums sound. The center of the
platform will be occupied by Consul Gen
eral Pickersgill, supported by Governor
Gage and Mayor Phelan. Immediately in
front of the3e gentlemen will be Rev. Drs.
Clampett, Hemphlll and Gardner, who
form the committee on service. A brass
lectern for the use of the clergy has been
loaned by the. trustees of Trinity Church.
In front of the platform on the floor of
the Pavilion the choirs and orchestra will
be. massed under the direction of Dr. H.
T. Stewart and Wallace A. Sabin. At the
first strains T>f the funeral march by the
orchestra, the American and British flap:*
will be half-masted on poles at each side
of the. platform. Miss Gertrude Holland,
an American. girl, born on Washington's
birthday, will raise the stars and' stripes,
and Miss Charlotte d'Evelyn, born on
Queen Victoria's birthday, will raise the
British flag. Both children will hang
wreaths of imperial violets on- the flag
staffs. At the close of the funeral march
the entire audience will Join I in. singing:
"Nearer, My God, to Thee." . Bishop
Nichols will deliver an Invocation, after
which the burial service of the English
liturgy will be read. A "quartet will sing
"Crossing the Bar," and the choirs. .and
audience will sing "iU>ck of Ages." Pray
ers for the royal • family will be offered
by Rev. Dr. Hemphlll; the audience and
choirs will sing "Abide With me," and
then the orchestra will play Chopin's
funeral march. Rev. .W. K. Guthrle will
deliver the benediction, and the service
will close by all present singing "God
Save Our Gracious King."
•Detachments of police, firemen and Red
Cross nurses will be stationed in the Pa
vilion to guard the safety of those pres
ent. . ¦
The largest gathering at a funeral serv
ice in the history of the State will take
place this afternoon at the Mechanics'
Pavilion, when a tribute will be paid to
the late Queen Victoria by both . British
and American residents. Eight 'thousand
miles from the city where the' body of
the Queen will pass before millions of her
subjects, the wide respect for j England's
great sovereign will be manifested in this
city of the Golden Gate. ....
It is estimated that more than 12,000
people will be under the roof of the Pa
vilion this afternoon, . and that number
represents about | one-half of those who
desire to be present at the funeral service.'
TJie doors of the Pavilion will be opened
at 1:15 p. m., and only holders of tickets
will be admitted to the body of the build
ing and to the gallery. Standing room for
2000 will be allowed after ticket holders
are seated.: In order to avoid confusion
the committee of arrangements requests
that holders of gallery- tickets present
them at the Grove-street entrance; those
who have- reserved v or platform tickets
will enter through the Hayes-street doors,
while ticket holders to £ unreserved ¦ seats
will find admission. by .the main doors on
Ixtrkin street.
As the services will begin at 2:30 p. m.,
the committee asks that every one attend
ing the service be seated not later : than
2:15. The- Daughters of St." George and
boys from the Seamen's Institute will be
accommodated with special seats, as will
be the apprentices from. British ships in
port. ':¦'¦•- ¦¦ ¦ '¦ ' ' ••',-;-.;'•¦ ¦ •'. -. ¦;.'¦-,¦
The platform will- be occupied 'by the
clergy. .army and navy officials, civic and
State officials, consular corps and distin
guished citizens.. These special guests
will , be received' at the Hayes-street en
trance by Consul General . Pickersgill;
distinguished himself In the China cam
paign, and Captain Lambton of South
African celebrity.
The King's yacht was made fast to a
buoy in midstream, with the Hohenzollern
lying near. The royal personages and
their suites dined on board and will pass
the night there.
Steam launches' with armed guards
patrolled around both yachts all night.
The crowd in Portsmouth is estimated
at 100,000. Every town along the : chan
nel contributed Its quota and the railway
companies were helpless this evening be
fore the rush of persons going home after
the parade. Thousands crawled into the
stations and literally, fought their way
into the trains. The special cars were at
their mercy. Foreign officers, diplomat
ists and members of Parliament mixed In
the rush and took their chances with the
mob. The cars going toward London
were packed to suffocation by all classes
of people.
¦ • .. ; ¦
RENDER HONOR
TO LATE QUEEN
OF ENGLAND
In showy, fulldress array. The band of
each, took up a he funeral march when the
Alberta came abreast of her and the spec
tators on all the other craft took off their
hats. So, with all eyes focused on the
tiny looking purple bier, the remains of
Queen .Victoria were carried by."
Qver all the miles of waters there came
no sound save the boom of cannon and
the mournful notes of many bands.
Following the Alberta trailed along five
other yachts at regular intervals. First
was the Victoria and Albert, a royal
yacht, twice as large as the Alberta and
of similar design. She carried the royal
mourners, who, as relatives or officials,
followed the coffin. King Edward and
Emperor William were chief among them,
but from the observation boats they were
the only group not recognizable. A few
scarlet coats could be seen, with ladies in
the deepest mourning, and . on the upper
deck the Queen's Indian attendants were
distinguishable by their white turbans.
In the wake of the Victoria and Albert
Emperor William's yacht Hohenzollern
loomed up like an ocean greyhound, as
large as a : warship, painted a spotless
white. y,^.-r. '¦
.' The other yachts came in single file
astern. The Osborne, larger than tho
Alberta and of the same class, came first.
Next was the Admiralty yacht Enchant
ress, smaller, and then a little ' Trintlty
House yacht. Finally came another ves
sel, a. black torpedo-boat destroyer.
Twenty "minutes after the first pair of
torpedo-boat destroyers came abreast* of
the press boat the nistorlc . parade had
passed and was dwindling smaller and
smaller toward the sunset, where tho
purple clouds and volumes of smoke made
an overpowerincly Impressive stage spec
tacle. The guns of each warship ceased
firing when the Alberta had gone by and
the ma.rines reversed arms. But they. and
all the crews remained at their stations,
while the fleet steamers from the shores,"
their decks solid masses of black, crowded
with thousands of the late. Queen's sub
jects, raised their anchors and followed
outside the line'of warships.
Gradually the din of the minute guns
lessened as the batteries of ship after ship
ceased firing, white. the funeral parade
swept around the end of the line and into
the entrance of Portsmouth harbor.
It was 5 o'clock when the echoes of the
last gun ceased. The Bun was a great
red globe sinking to the hilltops, the
clouds began to fall again on the channel
and the body of the Queen was safe in
Portsmouth harbor. ,
When the Alberta entered the harbor;
with the minute guns in the forts sound
ing, the bells of all the churches of the
city tolling, the ancient f rigato Victory,
moored there, fired a salute of muzzle
loaders. The marines manning her s.tood
at arms. The admiral's band played a
dirge. ..-/-; • ¦ . ,-
Tho escorting torpedo-boat destroyers
drew ahead and steamed into their berths
and the Alberta was moored' in Clar
ence yard. ¦ A guard , of one ¦ hundred
marines marched on board. 1 During the
night the quarterdeck, where .the 5 bier
rests, was lighted by. electricity., Con
spicuous among the . officers ; on duty
aboard are . Vice Admiral Seymour, . who
the capitalists who acquired control of the
road for C. P. Huntington have sold their
large holdings of stock to the agents of
Vanderbilt and Harriman. No Immediate
change in the presidency of the Southern
Pacific is apprehended. It Is not' even
hinted that such a change Is in con
templation. The fact, however, presents
itself that the interests which elected Mr.
Hays to take charge of the Southern Pa
cific system no longer direct. the affairs
of the company.
Early yesterday morning, following The
Call's announcement of big deals In South
ern^ Pacific, Bolton. De Ruyter & Co. and
two prominent bankers of San Francisco
received private messages from New
York which told of large transactions in
the stock of the Southern Pacific. It was
noted also in the telegrams that Santa Fe
holdings were in demand at increased
prices. The- surprising intelligence con
tained in the early dispatches ,were sup
plemented by subsequent telegrams an
nouncing that Speyer & Co. had sold one
block of 450,000 shares of Southern Pacific
to a purchaser at Union Pacific headquar
ters. Other messages contained the defi
nite announcement that the Vanderbllt-
Harriman syndicate was the purchaser.
Later In the day Bolton, De Ruyter & Co.
received a telegram stating that James
Speyer when asked regarding the report
ed transaction replied: "We were offered
a satisfactory price for our Southern Pa
cific stock and acecpted it."
Along with the messages from Wall
street came telegrams from London to the
effect that 100,000 shares of Southern Pa
cific had just been purchased in that city.
. The simultaneous advance of Santa Fe
stock was not accounted for in San Fran
cisco until it was exuialned that Harri
man was largely Interested in the Santa
Fe, St. Paul and Northern Pacific rail
roads and had recently acquired in the
interest of his combination the ownership
of the American Steamship line from
Hamburg to New York. It appears there
fore that the Vanderbilts . and Harriman
now control both the Southern Paclflc and
Santa Fe systems, together with the
steamship line from. Hamburg to New
York, and the Pacific Mail line from San
Francisco to Hongkong. The syndicate has
not got the earth, but it has acquired a
through line from Hamburg to Hongkong,
which will give, it a great margin of ad
vantage in a contest for the carrying
trade between Europe, America and As.'a.
It Is well known to railroad men that
the Vanderbilt line from New York to San
Francisco will be the New York Central
and Lake Shore to Chicago, the Chicago
and Northwestern to Council Bluffs, the
Union Pacific to Ogden and the Central
lngton shares. It Is said they made an
offer for the entire block,, but the price
offered was unsatisfactory.
It was then, according to Wall-street
gossip, that the Harriman syndicate
stepped In, obtained an option on the
Huntington shares and named to the
Speyers the price they were willing to pay
all around.
The Southern Paclflc is said to have the
largest capitalization of any of the Amer
ican roads, its stock being capitalized at
$200,000,000. The properties concerned in
the deal directly and indirectly represent,
it is said, an investment of $500,000,000. The
Harriman syndicate is supposed to be di
vided into portions of one-eighth, E. II.
Harriman holding two of these and the
rest being distributed as follows:
J. P. Morgan and W. K. Vanderbilt, one
fourth; Rockfeller interests, one-eighth;
George Gould, one-eighth; 1 Kuhn.^Loeb &
Co., one- fourth.
The history of this transaction dates
back to shortly before the death of Collis
P. Huntington last summer. Mr. Hunt
ington, to whom overtures for the ac
quisition of his stock were made, declined
to sell. His heirs, however, were more
ready, but th'ey refused, as well as Mr.
Speyer, an offer of $45 a share, which the
syndicate made to them for the whole of
their holdings. It is understood that
they named a price somewhere around $50
a share as the only one they wmild con
sider. Such an offer was, it is said,
made, but It was not actually accepted
until to-day. H. E. Huntlngton, nephew
of the late C. P. Huntington, arrived
here to-day, but declined to talk.
James Speyer late to-night said:
"I received an offer for my holdings of
Southern Pacific stock and I have parted
with .them at the figure agreed upon."
"Will you state what the figure was, or
who was the purchaser?"
"No," said Mr. Speyer. ."That would
be contrary to my agreement with the
purchaser, who desired that both facts be
kept secret. No, I cannot state what was
the amount of ray holdings."
"Does this sale include or have anything
to do with the Huntington holdings?" .
"I am speaking altogether of my own
stock. Whatever may have been done in
regard to the Huntington holdings will
have to come from others. There is every
reason to believe, however, that some ar
rangement was made with regard to
them."
u. p.'s dream; fulfilled.
OMAHA, Nebr., Feb. 1.— Edward Dick
inson, general manager of the Union Pa
cific Railway, said to-night that he had no
OIE 1 THIS C^TXIEIEItsr TO IFOIRTSIMIOTTTigC
Means That Syndicate
Secures Line From
Hamburgto Hong
kong."
information which would enable him to
confirm the dispatch from New York to
the effect that the Union Paclflc Company
had purchased the Speyer-Huntlngton in
terests In the Southern Pacific Railway.
• "I hope it may be true," Bald Mr. Dick
inson. "Such an acquisition would be of
immeasurable value to our road. No: I
have not one word of t information on the
subject. Mr. Burt is in New York, as are
the attorneys and other officials, and
hence such a transaction would not be re-,
pprted to us here. Whoever buys the
Speyer-Huntington stock will get control
of the whole Southern Pacific system
from Ogden to Sacramento and from San
Francisco to Los Angles and New Or
leans. A continuous line from the river
to the coast has long been the dream of
the Union Pacific officials." . •
Another official in position to get the
best information says there has been con
siderable gossip the. last month over the
prospective purchase of the Ogden-Sacra
mento line, but he did not think that any
other part of the Southern Pacific system
would be included in the deal If made.
Everybody knows, he said, that Chairman
Harriman could make such a purchase if
he wanted to do so.
SIGNIFICANCE
OF THE GREAT
STOCK DEAL
ern Pacific of the Pacific Mall Steamsh'p
Company, with Its immense distributing
power on the Pacific Coast.
The acquisition cf tne Southern Pacific
Is merely another move In the "commun
ity of interest" pol<cy. which has already
secured such a vast hold on the railroads
of the countr.*. it means the establish
ment of an ell rail transcontinental read
governed dlrerUy by this policy. Mr.
Harrlman is president of the Chicago and
Alton road. He Is also a director In the
Union Pacific. In the Illinois Central, In
the Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany and In the Oregon Short Line Rail
road Company. In the Alton syndicate,
by which Harrlman obtained control of
t/iat rdf d, the Vanderbilts were generally
credited with participating to the extent
of $5,030,000 and the Gould and Rockefeller
Interests each to the same amount. It H
believed that George Gould will be Invited
Into the present syndicate If he has not
already Joined.
The Union Pacific' already has an outlet
to the Pacific Coast through Its stock con
trol of the Oregon Short Line and the
Oregon Railroad and Navigation Com
pany. But these lines reach the extreme
Northwest in Washington and Oregon.
The Central Pacific branch of the South
ern Pacific, however, will give the Union
Pacific a direct route— almost an air lino
route — from Ggden, its present western
most terminal, to San Francisco. The
Union Pacific will now have a direct
route eastward from San Francisco to
Omaha and Kansas City.
Reports have recently been current that
negotiations are pending for the control
of the Chicago. Burlington and Quincy,
which would meet the Union Pacific at
both thnaha a^l Kansas City, and afford
a. direct route to Chicago, where traffic
will be divided among the trunk lines,
which are already being operated under
the "community of interest" plan. Such
a plan, however, is not necessary for a
direct transcontinental line, for the Chi
cago and Alton already connects with the
Union Pacific at Kansas City and pro
ceeds to Chicago, and the Illinois Central
connects at Omaha and also proceeds to
Chicago.
At Chicago connection is made with the
Baltimore and Ohio for the Atlantic sea
board and thus Is established a complete
"Harriman" transcontinental route.
It may perhaps be a coincidence, but it
certainly appears highly significant that
the announcement of the purchase of the
control of the Southern Pacific should
follow so closely on the heels of the pur
chase by Mr. Harriman of the control of
the Chicago Terminal Transfer Company
and Its connecting lines. A week ago
Mr. Hajrlman bought the Deutscher Bank
holdings of this company through Messrs.
Kuhn. Loeb & Co., who are interested
with him in the deal, and who are like
wise Interested 1 with him In the present
deal. Extensive terminals in and about
Chicago are owned by the terminal com
pany. They comprise TOO acres, with a
total of 230 miles of track. The com
pany also owns the Grand Central pas
senger station and 3500 feet of docks on
the Chicago River.
The consensus of opinion of men inter
ested in railroads and stock markets is
that the price paid for the Huntington
shares was about $50 per share. The
Speyer holdings are known to have aggre
gated about 550,000. if not COO.000, so that
with the Huntington block the new inter
ests have about 1,000.000 shares, or half of
the capital stock. Rumor has It that the
Speyers got $48 a share for their stock. It
is stated on authority, however, that the
Speyers have not sold their Southern Pa
cific bonds.
Chairman Tweed was requested to make
some statement dealing with the reported
chanere of control, but he twice declined
to say anything. With Acting Vice Presi
dent Gates of the Southern, Mr. Tweed is
an executor of the late C. P. Huntington's
will. The banking-house of Speyer & Co',
was for some years prior to Mr. Hunting
ton's death the fiscal agent of the Hunt
ington properties. The Speyers are known
to have held large amounts of Southern
Pacific stocks and bonds for their Euro
pean clients.
According to current reports they were
anxious to acquire possessipn of the Hunt-
NETW YORK. Feb. 1.— Another
railroad transaction, reaching,
it is believed, much- further in
its ultimate results than any
of the deals which have thus
far marked the closing of the
old and the beginning of the
new century, became known Just a few
minutes before, the closing of the" mar
ket this afternoon, when the transfer of
the control cf the Southern Pacific Com
pany into tKe hands of a syndicate In
which Union Pacific Interests predomin
ate was announced. The transaction
completes the last link necessary • for tbe
establishment of a transcontinental rail-.
road under a. single control. This control
is ct pretest vested In E. H.- Harriman.
Tha new route Includes the following
llr.es, in all cf which, except the South
ern Pacific. Mr. Harriman Is officially
connected: Starting at San • Francisco.
running over the Central Pacific end of
the Southern Pacific direct to Offflen,
.thence, first, over the Union Pacific
to Kansas City, and thenc* over
the Chicago and Alton to Chicago,
or, eecond. over the - Union Pa
cific to Omaha and thence over the
DubuQue and Sioux City branch, of the
Illinois Central direct to Chicago, where
the Baltimore and Ohio connects direct to
tho Atlantic seaboard.'
The control of the Southern Paclflc. Just
transferred, incluJes the large holdings
controlled by Speyer & Co.. and also the
Hunting-ion holdings. The price secured
for thesa holdings is not known.
Janies Fpeyer. when questioned, would
make only the following concise state
ment:
"We have received a satisfactory offer
for our holdings of Southern Pacific stock
und have accepted it."
From a reliable source, however. It may
be stated that tha holdings of the Hunt
ington estate in the Southern Pacific have
lx-enacquirod by the same interests which
purchased the Speyer stock and that the
two block?, in connection with recent
purchases in the open market, which have
been responsible for th» sharp advance in
Southern Pacific securiUe?, havo given
the purchasers a working control of the
Southern Pacific Company.
The staument that Union Pacific-Harrt
man interests predominateinthe syndicate
rni.y be made on authority. The syndicate
Is composed, in tho first place, of the
capitalists who have been behind E. H.
Harriman. including Kuin. Loeb & Co.,
¦who. it will be recalled, have very close
r lations with the Pennsylvania Railroad
Interests, and, second, the Rockefeller in
lerestxj represented by the National City
J.Mr.k.
There Is pood authority for 'saying that
the Huntlngton stocks were secured some
weeks ago. The amount of such holdings
Is not a matter of public knowledge.
They were bequeathed by Mr. Hunting
ton. Mrs. Huntinpton receiving two-thirds
and Henry Edward Huntlngton one-third,
p uhjoct to the condition that "such shares
should rot. in whole or In part, be dis
posed of during the life time of either.
* xcept v.-ith tho consent of both such
Jf-sateps or the survivor of them."
About one year ago— before tbe death of
Mr. Hui:j!n«ton— what was known as« the
Speyor-Huntington syndicate acquired, ac
•oordini? to published reports, the Crocker
holdings, par value J23,00a,000; the Stan
inrd holdings. $30,000,000, and the Hubbard
, holdings, 52,000,000.- It was also reported
at the time that the syndicate had pur
chased the Soarles holdings at $26,000,000,
but this was subsequently denied. At the '
last annual meeting of the Southern Pa
ciiic Mr. liuniir.jrton voted nine-tenths of
the stocks, •which included the proxies of
Spcypr & Co. and their friends.
The total authorized stock of the South
ern Pacific is $206,0i».000, including $57,274.
247 exchanged in 1S33 for Central Pacific
stock?. The Southern Pacific Company
owns no stock in fee, but principally
throuph ownership of stock and partly by
lcase. it operates a great system of roads
extending from San Francisco to New Or
leans < thence by company's Fteamers u>
Xew York, etc.), and to Portland, Or., and
to Ogden, Utah, with branches.
The importance of the new deal grows
•when viewed in connection with the ac
quisition in Xovember last by the South-
Pacific to this city. If predictions of lead
ing railway men be verified Callforntans
will not have cause to regret the change
in management .which is to bring the Van
derbilts into closer relations wjth thei
traveling public of the Pacific Coast. Thtf
Vanderbilt system Is Justly noted for
several admirable features of railway con
trol. Passenger trains are run at the
highest speed consistent with safety. The
equipment is first-class. • The conductors
and trainmen are- obliging and capable.
It is true that one of the former Vander
bilts said the "public be damned." but It
is obvious that he had in mind the public
that did not patronize his road. '
NO CHANGES
IN THE LOCAL
MANAGEMENT
It Is Believed That
President Hays Is
to Retain His
Position.
>
Local railroad officials refused to credit
the rerJort of the big deal when it first
became current early yesterday afternoon.
Later, however, as fresh dispatches con
firming ' the story were received, greater
confidence was displayed and even the
most conservative ones began to take tha
thing seriouslv. They "declared that while
such a gigantic deal seemed Improbable,
still, it was not beyond the bounds of
possibility.
Up to early last evening President
Charles M. Hays had received no official
confirmation of the story. He did not care
to express an opinion until the report hai
been verified.
, Accepting the report as official local
railroad men do not look for any remark
able change in the conditions on the Pa
cific Coaat.
"Harriman controls the Short Line and
the Oregon Navigation roads, yet both
have separate offices and managers from
the Union Pacific, and I believe that if he
controlled the Southern Pacific that fact
wouldn't make any material difference In
local representation or management," was
the- opinion expressed by one official when
asked to contemplate future possibilities.
It is a well-known, fact that the Union
Pacific has been expending vast sums of
money the past few years Improving Its
lines. Last year $3,000,000 was spent In the
work of shortening and straightening th«
company's lines between Ogden and
Omaha. The work is still in progress and
will probably not be .wholly completed for
a year or more. Grades are being reduced
and curves dispensed with and already
the distance from Ogden to Omaha has
been shortened thirty miles. It is said
that a total of 57,000,000 has been set aside
by the company for this work.
All this Is taken as an indication that
the Union Pacific has been preparing the
way for a great railroad system, such as
a consolidation with the Southern Pacific
would effect.
It has always been the policy of the
Harriman syndicate to keep abreast with
the times, If not in advance. As a result
the lines under the Harriman control are
to-day second to none in the country. Im
provements are ever being made. '.'.
Harriman represents the interests of the
Vanderbilts, Rockefellers and J. Pierpont
Morgan, and it was stated at the time he
purchased a large block of stock In the
Pacific Mall that he acted for the Van
derbilts. Harriman is at present a direc
tor in the Pacific Mail.
It was stated some two months ago that
Hi E. Huntlngton contemplated disposing
of the Huntington interests in the South
ern Pacific, but the report was peremptor
ily denied by Mr. Huntington. A few days
ago Mr. Huntlngton received a very ur
gent telegram summoning him to New
York. . Although he had made plans to ac-
Purchase of the Stock Held by the Huntington, Crocker, Searles and Stanford Interests by the Great
Vanderbilt-Harriman Syndicate—This Means" That the Buyers Have Secured the First Direct
Road From New /York to San Francisco and a Through Line From Hamburg to Hongkong
1 ¦ . , —
company his family to the Eastern me
tropolis two days later, the business was
of such an important nature that an im
mediate departure ; was necessary. It is
now believed that the important business
mentioned in the telegram was in connec
tion with the sale of the Huntlngton
stock.
The Huntington interests in the South
ern Pacific, Pacific Mail and Pacific Im
provement are said to amount to some
thing like J4O.0C0.00O. ,
It was stated by a railroad official last
night that I5O.0CO shares of Southern Pa
cific stock were sold in London yesterday
at from 47 to 49^. The supposition Is that
the English shareholders, who have been
holding on to their stock for a long time,
were given a tip.' and when the stock,
reached a profitable mark the holders
promptly sold out. It is thought there
will be another big fall to-day. The Spey
ers are known to have represented large
English holdings.
T. M. Schumacher, local representative
of the Union Pacific, had received no con
firmation of the report up to a late hour
last night. "All I know is what I have
heard oh the street and have seen in the
papers," said Mr. Schumacher, "But I
would not be at all surprised if there was
something back of the report. If Harri
man has got control of the stock he is un
questionably acting for the Vanderbilt In
terests. I do not think the deal would af
fect local conditions to any great extent,
though, of course, you can't tell what
might happen."
C. L. Canfleld, local representative of
the Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul lines,
who has Just returned from the East. In
speaking of the reported deal last even-
Ing said:
"If the Union Pacific has got control of
the Southern Pacific It means one of the
biggest railroad deals of the times. Har
rlman is a great financier and a shrewd
stock manipulator.' In my opinion he is
backed by J. Pierpont Morgan and the
Rockefellers. The latter have more money
than they know what to do with, and they
could not have hit upon a better invest
ment than by acquiring the Southern Pa
cific stocks.
"The Speyers have heretofore held the
controlling interest. Tiiey placed Mr.
Hays at the head of the big. Kentucky
corporation. They have also represented
large English holdings, and If It 1st true
that 150,000 Southern Pacific shares. were
sold in London to-day then I guess there
is no doubt that Harrlman is in control.
"The change, in my opinion, will not af
fect local conditions any to speak of. O£
course. Mr. Hays will remain where he is,
and the only noticeable difference will be
in the closer relationship that will take
place between the two big roads. Mr.
Harriman is chairman of the board of di
rectors of the Union Pacific and la really
the head of that company. He is also
largely identified with the Illinois Central.
The Oregon Short Line and the Oregon
Railroad and Xavigatlon Company are
part of the Union Pacific, and it Is my
opinion that if the Southern Pacific has
been bought up it will continue to be run
as at present, just as are the Oregon com
panies."
If the poor people did but know how lit
tle some millionaires enjoy their wealth
there would be less envy in the world.—
Chicago Record. .._•?.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAILROAD SYSTEM PASSES
UNDER THE OWNERSHIP OF THE UNION PACIFIC
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1901. ;
HEADS OF TWO OF THE GREAT SYNDICATES THAT HAVE COMPLETED THE GIGANTIC DEAL BY "WHICH
THE HUNTINGTON, CROCKER, SEARLES AND STANFORD STOCK IN THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAIL
ROAD COMPACT PASSES INTO THE POSSESSION OF THE UNION PACIFIC.
Continued from First Page,
being: barely five knots. The pairs of tor
pedo-boat destroyers were about one hun
dred yards apart, with four boats' lengths
between stern and bows. Then a quarter
of a mile behind, but seeming across the
•water by a stone's throw, followed the
royal yacht Alberta, the vessel on which
the eyes of the world may be said to have
been centered. She was a commonplace
looking little vessel, lyins low in the
•water, with a eilt-trimmed hull and side
wheeJa, protected by yellow paddle boxes.
At her stem stood a tall officer, uniformed
in dark blue, alone, as motioniesa as part
of the ehJp. The union jack was at the
foremast, the royal standard fell from
half-way up the mainmast and the naval
ensign trailed from her stern. ' The after
deck of the yacht was roofed with a
white awning and beneath the awning,
through glasses, could be seen the cata
falque of royal purple and ruby lines on
which rested the colnn. Four officers in
somber uniforms stood at the four cor
ners of the catafalque with their faces
toward the ships. A few other persons
could be seen clustered on the Alberta's
deck. As the funeral yacht moved slowly
past the decks of the warships were
crowded with their crews. They were all
manned to their full complement. The
sailors in blue, with straw hats, formed a
solid mass along the decks of each ship,
standing with their arms at "attention."
A line of scarlet coats topped by snowy,
shining helmets, showed where the ma
rines were stationed. The lighting tops
were also manned. The officers stood out
For a Cold in tha Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. •
John Leoni.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 1.— John Leonl. a noted
sculptor, who was brought from Rome D7
the management of the "World's Colum
bian Exposition at Chicago to do some of
the finest statuary work there, died to-day
at the City Hospital as the result of an
injury received In 1S91 He was at work
on the Administration building when a
fall from a scaffold fractured his skull
This caused insanity and resulted In can
cer, from which he died- to-day.
3
uwnersnip 01 me vaei properties com
prising the Southern Pacific Railway sys
tem,has passed from Speyer & Co. to the
Vanderbllt-Harriman syndicate. Califor
nians had hardly begun to contemplate
the new order of affairs created by the
sale of the Crocker, Searles and Stanford
holdings to Speyer & Co. for Collls P.
Huntington when the last of the four
great founders of the railroad passed
away. -By direction of the Speyers and
their Immediate associates Charles M.
Hays was engaged to succeed C. P. Hunt
ington as president of the Southern Pa
cific. Now comes the verified story that
Weary and heavy-eyed from the worries and cares' of the
day, the head that seeks repose finds only nervous tossing and
feverish unrest. Strange fancies, haunted by sudden fears, or
vague forbodings cause the heart to throb and the breath to conie
hard and fast. Morning comes with its headache, nervous irri-
tation, loss of appetite and low spirits. How gratefully welcome
would be one night of gentle, restful, refreshing sleep—sleep that
would soothe and strengthen the worn-out nervous tissues and
replenish the wasted brain cells. There is a way to get just that
kind of sleep. Will you find the way ? ,
" I was "stricken with nervous prostration and became
eo bad that I could not sleep at all. For a week I did not
close my eyes, and suffered frj much that my husband had '
to hold me In bed. Then I began taking Dr. Miles' Nerv-
ine and I got some sleep. My Lead stopp^Q aching so hard
and after tho first bottle wa3 cone I conld see that I was
getting strong again. It was no*, long before I was ablo
to go about my work with renewed vigor and energy."
-"> Mes. Della Bybd, Mt Vernon. Ind.
[1 A
MARKET ST.SF.>a*3^
Recently there have been several cases
of prominent men suddenly falling in
collapse just after eating a hearty meal.
These men have all been under treat-
ment for gastric "trouble," and yet the-
result shows that the treatment they had
received; had smothered the symptoms
but had not retarded the progress of the
disease. ;-.. "
There is a real danger in the use of
palliatives when there is disease of the
stomach and' its allied organs of diges-
tion and nutrition. The disease in such
cases goes on, while the distressing
svraptoms alone rfe stopped. Presently-
hke a smothered jt~S flDi
fire, the disease y^^-^^^W^^W
new places, in- (I .S&Vra
The use of Dr. / / \\ '¦ JNagj S*
Pierce's Golden [_/ » fiffita^
Medical Discov- L JffiK*i^*»
radical cure of fig y
diseases of the ffij TSi^A Jpl 1
stomach and oth* c^ sssa- \
gestion and nutrition. It cures diseases
of heart, lungs, liver, kidneys, etc., when
the disease of these organs has its origin
in the diseased condition of the stomach
and digestive and nutritive system.
"I will tell von what myself and family think
of your medicine," writes Mr. M. M. Wardwell.
of Lin wood, Leaventrorth Co.. Kansas. "It
will do all you say. and more. • I was taken
sick nine years ago; I got so weak I couldn't lie
down, nor hardly sit up; was that way two or
three months. I picked no one of Dr. Pierce's
Memorandum Books one day and saw your de-
scription of catarrh of tbe stomach. I thought
it hit mv case. We had a bottle of Dt. Plerce's
Golden Medical Discovery in the house that was
got for my mother. You recommend it for
catarrh of the stomach, sq I went to taking it
The one bottle nearly cured me. I got two
bottles next time and took one and one-half
and was well. Your medicine cost me three
dollars and the doctor cost me fourteen dollars."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper, covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one -cent stamps, to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
t Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
•*Gran-8olYeni"<UssolYe8 Stricture Hke snow tx*.
oesth tbe tun. reduces Kn!ar?ed Pmstata ani
Strenfft&eDi ttie Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains xo4
Emissions in Klfte«n Dart.
No drnin u» rain tbe atomacn. but » direct looal
•nrt posture application totbetntlrenreibraltraeb
tfrtD-golYcnt Is not a liquid. It ts prepared la
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth andflexlU*
ud so narrow u to pass the closest Stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tbe BU James Assn.. Box EH. Cincinnati. O..h«
prepared at irreat expense an e*b«nst- rnppi
ho l!:u«r»if-1 Treatise npon tbe ma!o LULL I
system, whien tb-» wlU send to any rrjCll 4
si Ji nt-S ISSN 25 ° EL ™ ST -
iU JAJ1C3 A33f!., Cincinnati. Ohio.
overcomes nervous Irritation, soothes atd quiets the
,:.' excited brain and gives that sweet Eleep N tbat is most \.
grateful and healing to both body and mind- \
Sold by druesrfsts on cvajantee. De. Mflks Hedical Co.. Elkbsrt. Ind.
A DVEa'UB K MSflTS.Is faster than Volant* or any of the old
time cracks «ver worked.
The great showman, P. T. Barnuro, once
said "the American people like to be hum
bugged." Barnum died a millionaire an«t
undoubtedly had the right idea. If turf
goers wish to pay }2 a day for a "good
thing" to any one of the numerous turf
information bureaus, and that good thjin<
shquld crawl, a better cure than kicking
to the press would be to lock one's self la
a dark cellar for a week. Hot applica
tions of mustard to the feet and a co'.l
compress on the **dome" must be lndulgexl
in during the hours if incarceration. In
nine cases out of ten the patient will thea
emerge from the gloom an enlightened
man. F. E. MULHOLLAND.
Given the opportunity to enter his horse
in highclass affairs, the owner who would
then take n chance !n one of the cheap
races would have no cccasicn for grumb
ling IfT given a boo3t.
From all accounts the Baldwin co'.t.
Cruzados. must be quite a horse. Before
leaving Santa Anita ranch he is said to
have stepped a half In 48^£ seconds, which
Racing associations should give more
highclass selling events: then there would
be less complaint at horses being entered
below their valuation. As it is, the owner
of a good plater is afraid to make an en
try in one of the ordinary every-day races
with the valuation placed at $S0O or $1000.
tering horses at one-fifth of their real
valuation.'
in comparison with which the Hatfleld-
McCoy vendetta would be but a summer
zephyr. As practiced at our local tracks,
it- is possible to enter a broken-down
"crab" that would not bring two cents
per pound at the: abattoir, and claim a
horse worth $2000. :' Again some owner with
but one horse as • tho means of making
his livelihood might «>nter the animal In
a claiming event, and bet his all on the
result of the race. The horse is left at
the post and then cJalmed. This would
be all right If all owners would enter their
horses at somewhere near their real val
uation. But, as in all other vocations,
"might makes right" and names could be
mentioned that are never molested, and
¦their possessors go. on year after year en-
FOUR PREMIER JOCKEYS OF AMERICA, THREE OF WHOM WILL BE MOUNTED TO-DAY IN THE FOUR-CORNEREIJ RAJGE AT TANFORAN.
SPORTS: RACING, COURSING, TENNIS, GOLF, ATHLETICS, BOXING
FOUR FLEET-FLOOTED EQUINES AND FAMOUS
JOCKEYS IN THE FOUR-CORNERED RACE
'¦',¦-¦¦"•¦ ¦'-¦ - ¦¦: ...
i THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1901.
The abuses of the selling race are many,
but that portion of these affairs relative
to the claiming clause are farcical, ab
surd and unfair. To say it tends to keep
horses In their class is preposterous.
Everything depends as to the ownership
of the horse. In England one turfman
will line with a friend, and perhaps an
hour later at the conclusion of a. selling
race claim the friend's horse. It Is con
sidered petfectly proper and no breach of
etiquette^ hut If such a thing should oc
cur on this side. It would cause a feud
machine Is completely outclassed when a
starter goes on to relate how many perfect
starts he has made during ten years of
experience, and how often the newspapers
have Riven him the worst of It.
PUPPY AND SAPLING STAKES WILL
PRESENT THE CHAMPIONS OF THE FUTURE
Dick Dwyer, the affable and consclen-"
tious Middle-Wester man, has been doing
-some remarkably good- starting with tho
Gray machine at Tanforan. There is one
thing about- Dwyer wherein he differs
from most all others of his profession. It
is possible to . meet him after business
hours and converse on the topics of tho
day without having the subject revert to
starting almost instantly. An oil-boring
Since leaving the maiden class as a two-
last November Brutal has done
all that has been asked of him. This after
noon he will be given the most severe
task of his career and many dollars will
be bet that the son c* Imp. Brutus will
again do the trick. "
No one member of this select equine
quartet is a stranger to local turfgoers.
Mr. Lopez feels confident Articulate will
retrieve the laurels lost in his last public
appearance at Oakland, when Bill Garrett
rolled in and the brown colt finished in
the -ruck." Walter Jennings thinks Can
more will ¦ get the money. Trainer 8am
Hildreth has great resoect for the prow
e?s of Rolling Boer, and usually backs
his judgments with a swell-sized wager.
Tommy Burns tvill handle Cahmore for
Walter Jenning?*, while on this occasion
Xash Turner has been chosen by "Billy"
Cahill as the rider of Boer.
stakes of $100 a corner "chipped"
in by the respective cwners of Brutal,
Canmnre. Rolling Boer and Articulate.
Fan KranclFCO Jockey Club adds $1000, for
a rare at one mile. Each horse will carry
115 pounds with lhe exception of Brutal,
which, of course. Is eniitked to the 3-poun<i
pelding allowance. W. C. dc B. Lopes
has engaged Tod Sloan to pilot Articu
late. Winnie O'Connor will sport the
colors of Prirce Poniatowski on Brutal.
A WORLD of Interest is manifest
ed in the zreat four-cornered
contest to be decided at Tanforan
Park this afternoon. To a sweep-
PUPPIES AND SAPLINGS WHOSE NAMES, SINCE THE DOUBLE STAKE OF N LAST WEDNESDAY, ARE ON THE TONGUES OF ALL COURSING MEN.
hare like old stagers at the game. The
way. they stuck out ¦ their courses and
their pickups -Tvere no less. than wonder
ful. Two other. For Freedom saplings.
May Blossom out of Golden Russet and
Bonus out of Bona, give promise of future
greatness. It took Wapsee to down May
Blossom and the score vans 8-6. Bonus
was in poor condition ana was put out
in the first round by For Liberty.
Of the puppies J. H. Rosseter's Rival's
Answer carried off the first honors. For
Freedom was the sire of this game hound
The runner-up of the stake was Black
Flush, who has all the qualities of his
sire. Royal Flush. Other puppies that
showed up well were J. Kerrigan's Melpo
mene. St. Wiwrence-Llghtfoot. July, '99-
Fontenoy. For Free<iom-Mayflower, Sep
tember, '99, withdrawn after four win-
THE first puppy and sapling stakes
of the year were run at Union
Park List Wednesday, and cours
ing men have not yet ceased talk
ing of them. Judge John Grace,
who has decided more courses than any
other man in the world, declares unre
servedly, that there never was'such puppy
and eapling stakes before. For puppies to
run like well-trained dogs Is something
out of the ordinary, but when saplings be
have like veterans then something of the
sensational is produced. Coursing men
have been speculating 1 for a long time
where the great dogs of the future would
One of the most significant features of
both Wednesday, stakes was the great
work of the . For Freedom puppies and
saplings. • For two years For Freedom
has produced no get which gave any Bigns
of the fine coursing blood running in the
veins of that king of hounds. The change
has come, and For Freedom will ' be
classed riot only as a great courser, but as
a great sire as well.
Foremost among the saplings is Ice
Man. For Freedom out of Amarosa
whelped February 3, 1900. Ice Man and
his full sister, For Liberty, belong to the
come from. They think now. that they
have found a. number of prospective world
beaters.
Wapsee, Curtis & Son's sapling. Sylva
nus out of Systematic, earned the dis
tinction of reaching the fourth round and
was 'then withdrawn; .wisely too for this
dog went through • several hard courses
early in, the day. Wapsee is fast and clev
er, is a good worker and shows great
speed. He was whelped as late as March
8. 1900. These three youngsters. Ice Man,
For Liberty and Wapsee, followed the
Sterl & Knowles kennels, and both hounds
came together in the final round, so the
deciding course was not 1 run. Ice "Man
showed great speed and proved himself a
great worker.' For Liberty, while not so
strong in these particulars, is cleverer
4han her brother. There are two more
hounds in this same Utter that much Is
expected of. They are also the property
of Sterl & Knowles. . ¦ • '
nlnsrs: D. Dillon's Granuvilla. Flyins
Buck-Cranuelle: R. E. de B. I-opez &
Son's The Levite, imp. Shylock-Minneapo
lls. July. '99: E. M. Kellogg's Crawford
Belle, imp. Crawford Lad-Iowa Girl, De
cember, '99: Beck & Hoffman's Momus,
St. Lawrence-Lightfoot, July. '99: Yosem
ite Kennels' Freedom's Banner, imp. For
Freedom-Beauty Spot. August, '99. and
Jim Dean's Grsyfleld, Moondyne-Brllllan
tine. December. '99.
All these youngsters will make their
marks on the coursing field if early prom
ise is realized in maturity. Their names
will be am6ng the champions, and the
rich,. fat purses their ancestors won will
be compared in tabular lists with their
own winnings. This should be the great
sapling year — one of those landmark! in
coursing "dope" history.
YACHT1NG NEWS.
' The ' yachtsmen . of ¦ San : . Francisco ! Bay'
are somewhat perturbed by the Introduc-
The opening polo game of the season
was played last .Sunday on the Burlln
rame field, which had been put into excel
lent condition. The teams were made up
re follows: Reds — Lawrence- MeCreery
Walter S. Hobart and ¦ E. W. Howard.
•with Charles Dunphy as alternate; blues —
Walter MeCreery, John Lawsom and F;
FIRST F»OLO GA/WE.
,The Alamedas and Nobles will play at
Freeman's Park. Oakland, at 2 p. m.
Batteries: Alamedas-rRussell and Ham
mond. Nobles— J. Shea and D. Shea.
At Recreation Park tq-rnorrow after
noon the Koenigs and Golden Gates will
cross . bats. The following will be th»
line-up:
Ko«nlK». _ Positions. Golden Gates
Perrlne Pitcher McMcnomr
gW Catcher Peralta
Kecican...., first base F. Johnson
Collins..; Second base Waterbury
J; Bodi« Third base..* Thomas
I>. Bodle Shortstop Mitchell
?. n 55 khoff " Lrtt flelf! ••• Spencer
£cG*e..... center field..... Dminan
Phil Knell Right Held Burns
BASEBALL GAMES.
The ..card containing the ; February fix
tures of the San Mateo, County Hunt Club
is out and has been issued to the mem
bers. To-day the meet will be at Spring
Valley cottage, upper ' Crystal Spring
Lake, at 9:30 in the morning. On Wednes
day, February 6. -the rendezvous is -.the
dairy, Millbrae, at the same hour. ;, Next
Saturday, the pack will be laid on near the
Southern Pacific Railway station" at ; San
Carlos at 9:30 in the forenoon. ¦¦¦ - \
In order to accommodate visitors ; and
friends who wish to see the throw-offa
coach will on; certain days be 'driven -to
the -meet,- starting -from San Mateo sta
tion or the Burlingame clubhouse. ¦..; On
the 13th the coach will leave San *Mateo
station at" 11:40 a-m.*, and the Burlingame
Country" Club /twenty minutes -later. <¦ On
the 19th the coach will start from San Ma
teo station at 1:1a', p. m.,- and from the
Burlingame Club at 1:30 p. m.; On Wash
ington's birthday the ' coach .will * leave
Burlingame. clubhouse* at noon to conyey
guests invited to ' luncheon at Fair Oaks
by J. J. Moored returning to /Burllngame
after luncheon. - Seats ; on the coach may
be booked beforehand at the cflice ofithe
manager of the Burlingame Club, the fare
being |1 60, or $2 50 for the^box seat." J
HUNT CLUB DATES.
The bench show committee of the San
Francisco Kennel Club is hard at work on
the preliminaries of the May bench show,
and many important details have already
been settled. H. D. La id law will of Heinle
as manager and J. C. Langenderfer as su
perintendent. Mr. Wcyman has been
slated for ring steward, but the appoint
ment has not yet been definitely made.
The members of the St. Bernard Club
of California are very anxious to have
Miss Whitney of New York to judge the
"saintly" breed, and to that end the In
dividual members have subscribed a guar
antee fund, that is almost large enough
already to justify the San Francisco Ken
nel Club .in assuming the balance of the
expense. Among the Judges under'con
sideration by.*he bench show committee
besides Miss Whitney are James 1 Cole of
Kansas City. James J. Lynn of Port Hu
ron, an expert on terriers of all breeds,
and Henry Jarrett, of Philadelphia, well
known as a breeder of collies and terriers.
The choice of the club will undoubtedly
fall on one or two -of these candidates,
who represent all that is best. In American
kenneldom. The greyhound men have sent
in a request to the club to allow a sepa
rate judge for the greyhounds." and have
suggested the name of John Bradshaw as
the best fitted lor the position.
W. E. Meek's mastiff champion Califor
nia Cube has sired no less than thirty
puppies within the-.past month.. of which
eleven were out of- James L. Flood's Myra
and ten out of J. P. Norman's Hebe Mon
tez. v
The first member of the Pacific Kennel
League -to hold a show under the new
classification will ; probably be the Seattle
Kennel Club. There can be no doubt that
the assimilation of the league's rules to
those of the American Kennel Club Is a
wise move and may do much to strength
en the league, as - exhibitors 'will ¦ find it
eaEie'r to make their entries and will . be
better able to understand their winnings.
The change. was made on the petition of
the Seattle Kennel Club and was carried
mainly at the instance of the . secretary
of the league, Norman J. Stewart
KENNEL BARKINGS.
Another month and the duck season will
have passed. -The best of the shooting Is
now over, yet there will be many nlmrods
on the marshes during the month of Feb
ruary. "Weather conditions at the present
time are ripe for eood shooting, but the
bird 3 are not plentiful in localities where
they abounded early in the season.
¦ On. the ". SuisunV marshes the Field and
Tule Club seems to, have got the best of
the shooting. Fair r flights of : canvas
backs have been seen over these preserves
and the shooters who were out last Sun
day returned home with something to
recompense their sportful labors. Harry
Miller, Lee Harpham and L. Titus were
among the number.
K J. J. ; Wirtner and *A. M. Cummings had
a/ good shoot on Wednesday. Their bags
showed many canyasbacks.
.On Sunday last. Charles Fisher shot on
the San Pablo marshes, sixteen canvas
backs falling. to his gun.
J. . Culligan tried > Richardsons Bay arid
twenty-six can vasbacka were his portion.
¦ H.- Justiu - and . D. ¦- McClellan were on
the Belmont marshes last Sunday and
they returned home with a string of
twenty-eight cans., . ; :
Colonel Eddy Is at Riverside and all. the
ducks in California^ are congratulating
themselves.. Eddy shoots early and late
and kills such- bags that the Legislature
pulsates once every, two years.". .
•The ducks have scattered on the Alviso
marshes and . they are Just beginning to
do • so on : the , Cordelia ,. ponds. ¦ , Shooting
from now on will be a matter of guess
work and luck— as far as success is con
cerned.. -" .'¦,' •''-'. .-¦.¦¦¦'¦• .:;¦. ¦' :. ' ¦¦•¦
Birds Scattering: on
Marshes North
and South. i; :
LAST OF
THE DUCK
SHOOTING
The new creen committee .of the. San
Francisco Golf Club will soon issue a
schedule of events for men. No event is
set down for to-day on the Presidio links,
but advantage will be taken, of the fine
condition of the course to play some prac
tice games and probably some matches In
the round robin tournament.
On ¦ Monday morning ¦ on the '. links of
the Soji Francisco Golf Club .there will
be women's foursomes, over 18 holes,
medal play, for which the following en
tries, have been made: .. Miss Morgan and
Miss Drum, Miss Crockett and Mies Ha
ger, Miss O'Connor and Miss \ Josselyri,
Mrs. R. G. Brown and Mrs. Scott. Last
month there seemed to be ¦ some : likeli
hood of a home-and-home match between
teams of ladies "'representing the; San
Francisco and Oakland Golf clubs, to be
conducted on the same conditions. as the
home-and-home tournaments i among .. the
men, but no definite. arrangements have
yet been made.' •
Last Suhday'L. O. Kellogg and Robert
Johnstone, the professional,- at the Pre
eidio links," played a foursome against H.
D. Pillsbury and J. W. Byrne, the latter
couple receiving two bisques. There was
not time to finish- an 18-hole' match: and
the game terminated at the twelfth hole
without advantage to either side. . There
is also talk of getting up a match be
tween teams of - caddies representing « the
San Francisco . and ¦ Oakland . Golf clubs
The contest would be a, home-and-home
tournament, over IS holes, and each team
would probably consist Of ,„ six .caddies.
Borne of the caddies, play quite | a strong
game and the match.- would arouse 1 , con
siderable interest among the caddies and
the members. ¦..-..-.. ¦¦.:;:•. '^
At the recent annual -meeting of the
Oakland Golf /-.Club the. following were
elected 1 members, of the : council: ." Orestes
Pierce, P. E. Bowles, H. M> A. ; Miller, G.
Eager to TVleet
Rival Carriers.
City Caddies Are
MEDALS
FOR GOLF
CONTESTS
The annual meeting* and election of offi
cers of the San Francisco Yaeht Club will
be held at the Merchants' Exchange on
W ednesday evening, February 13. There
are two tickets in the field— the regular
and a members' ticket, but the latter con
tains the same candidates for.corsmodore
vice commodore and nnacial secretary as
the former. It Is understood that Haiold
Burnett, who Is the nominee 01 the regu
lar ticket for the office of measurer has
retired. ¦ This leaves Henry C. Toll ' who
haa been sailing with Dr. T. L. Hill for
the past two or three years, the only nom
inee for that office. As It Is understood
that R. B. Hogue. treasurer, and James
Kltterman. port captain,' desire to be re
lleved from .the cares qf efflces. which thev
have filled to the complete satisfaction of
the members,. the onl/ office for which
there will be any. contest is that of sec
retary, for which "W\ il. Edgell Is the reg
ular nominee and.IJ' rv. Bartlett. incum
bent, the nominee or the opposition ticket.
_Several of the^ members of the San
Francisco Yacht Club are in favor of the
plan of raising by subscription a suffi
cient sum to- defray the cost of building
a yacht to challenge for the San Fran
cisco perpetual challenge cup, now held
by the Corinthians.- The Idea is to get a
design from one of the crack builders in
the Eastern States, build the . boat here
and man her with a crew of amateurs.
Frank Bartlett. formerly • owner of the
sloop Queen, and now of the yawl Spray,
was at Old Sausallto last Sunday looking
for a chance to have the yawl taken up
on Smith's ways. ,
E. B. Learning, who was chosen a mem
ber of the. regatta committee at the an
nual meeting of the Corinthian Yacht
Club, was formerly a resident on Puget
Sound, end owns a yacht which acquitted
herself well in races/ It Is reported that
he will have her brought down to these
waters. /
tlon into the Legislature at Sacramento
of a bill providing that, the owners of
craft which are not registered under the
* ederal statutes be compelled to register
their boats, to which a number will be
assigned, said number to be painted con
spicuously on the bows of the boat. The
yacht owners and launch owners, who
keep their craft purely for purposes of
healthful recreation, feel that It is un
fair to, require them to carry disfiguring
numbers, as if they were employed in en
terprises of shrimp fishing or crab catch
\2 e ; .T. ne members and friends of the
Corinthian Yacht Club will use their In
fluence with the Legislature to expunge
such parts of the bill as refer to pleasure
craft.-
G. Menzles. The reds ran up twelve goals
against four of the blues. 'To-morrow
there will be a match with four on each
side— J. 8. Tobln, R. M. Tobin and Thom
as Driscoll being included in the teams.
¦ No three-ball or four-ball matches are
permitted on the Presidiollnks on Satur
days or Sundays, as they tend to cumber
the course and to keep the couples be
hind them waiting:. •
On the opening day of the interclub
team match on the links of the Pasadena
Country Club four clubs of the Southern
California Golf Association were repre
sented—the Pasadena and Los Angeles
Country clubs, the Santa Catalina Island
Golf Club and the Pachappa Golf Club of
Riverside.
The competition for the women's cham
pionship of Southern California began
yesterday on the links of the Los Angeles
Country Club. The winner will be the
champion lady golfer of Southern Cali
fornia for 1901.
"WV McNeor Jr., "W. P. Johnson. C. O. G.
Miller and A. Schilling. Orestes Pierce
Was chosen captain, P. E. Bowles vice
captain ' and H. M. A. Miller secretary
and treasurer. The green committee con
sists of W. P. Johnson. K. R. Folger and
F. S. Stratton. E. R. Folger recently left
for a visit to the Eastern States, where
he will play on several of the well-known
golf courses.- . • .
are Cowden. second base; Brown,, third,
baser Symonds, center field, and Edward?,
shortstop and captain. Murphy, l£ in col
lege, but will not play on account of a
press of university worlc. The chief
obstacle which Coach Murphy has to sur
mount Is in the problem of pitching. He
has at his disposal four or five candidates
of rather mediocre ability and littlo* ex
perience In the box. They are . Trttch.
Bennett, Yerrington. Studley, Parker and
Palmer. . Several nave plenty of speed,
but they lack the control and experienca
necessary for a successful twirler.
The backstop position la likely to go to
either Traeger or Horn, as Cowden £$ be
ing tried at first. Misner. a new man
from Colorado, la holding down the second
bag in veteran style, while Brown Is at
his old position at third, with a dangerou*
rival in Conner of Santa Clara Coilege
Edwards will play his old position at
shortstop. Symonds Is the only varsity
man left in the outfield, but Ball. Lowen
thal. Lamb and Luce are all experienced
men. ,
/ The class games will be played off next
week and it Is expected that some latent
varsity material will be discovered.
been at active practice for the past -two
weeks under the direction of Coach Mur
phy, but as yet no teat of ability has been
made. To-morrow's match therefore
will be something of an Indication of what
may be expected from the material in
hand.
Of last year's team only four are candi
dates for positions on the nine. ..Theso
The baseball season will open at Stan
ford to-morrow with a gam« between tha
varsity and Firemen's Fund team.
The college squad of thirty men haa
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 1—
Opening Game of
Baseball on Col
lege Campus.
STANFORD
MEN BEGIN
TRAINING
one at the California courts. Dr. Phillips,
one of the pioneers of tennis on this coast.
has taken up the game again and the
second class men have to put forth their
Vx?st efforts to beat hfrn. The three Lane
brothers — Franklin JC. <3. W. and Dr. F.
J.— put In considerable time on the courts
ani are Improving steadily.
The membership limit of the California
O!ub. which Is 200, will soon be reached.
e* members are coming in at the rate of
fifteen to twenty a month, and very few
resignations are being sent in. Among the
hew members who joined this week is
Kenneth Hamilton, a football player of
considerable prominence on local grid
irons. Peter Smith, another crack foot
ball player, has expressed his' intention of
taking up the game. ; -f- '.-";,
The finals of the second and fourth
classes of the class singles tournament,
which were not finished last Sunday, will
be played this afternoon. The two men
who qualified for the finals of the eecond
rlars are Al Rosenberg and Norman
Hodpkinson. who are very evenly
matched. Both players represented the
Lowell High School Jn the Academic
League anu are by far the best "players
in that league. Their styles of game are
very dissimilar. Hodgkinson jilays a
*wift. Regressive eame and takes many
chances, while Rosenberg plays a careful
steady, definite game. The match be
tween these two young players will be
very close and should produce some very
hierh class tennis.
The flayers who will fight It out for
fourth class honors are Paul Jones and
OrvHle Pratt The latter has had sev
eral years more experience than his op
ponent, but fs somewhat out of practice.
Jones is rather new at the same, but Is
playing in grood form. The other players
who are still in the tournament are K.
X. Whitney. Ray Cornell and Richard
Krfklne, winners of the first, third and
fifth classes, respectively.
Play will commence at 2 p. m. to-day
and the interclass finals will be played
to-morrow at 12 o'clock. The handicaps
have been arranged as follows: First
class, scratch; second class, one-half fif
teen: third class, fifteen; fourth class,
one-half thirty, and fifth class, thirty.
The oast week has been a very lively
Class Tournament
on California Club
Courts.
RACKET
WIELDERS
ARE BUSY
4
Over $1,000,000 worth- of - diamonds are
stolen every year from the South African,
diamond mines.j^IP^-.^SRUARY II— Weather fine. Track fast. - '-,'
173M. FIRST RACE-Flv» and a half furlongs; gelling; four-year-olds and up; puree, »300.
Index jHorse. Age. Weight.) Ptt St. y.. &. 6tr. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op., .uu'jkl. TK
;;:; lEainborough, 4. ..106 ,B 3 1H II ~ 1 1 T. BurnsTTT Ti 5-J / 8-5 71
14.8 Morlnga, « .106 8 1 41 21 .... 22 Buchanan.. 8 4 3 1
ISM Gold Finder, 4... 86 6 S 5 2 5 19 ... in Matrcne .... 15'- 100 100 20
155S Hilary. * S6 7 3J1 41 ... 45 Fauntleroy 8 13 12 - i
130« Airs. C, 4 M 4 G 2 5 3 >4 ... E6 J Daly 6 i' 7
1C53 MacLaren. 4 103 10 6 83 6 1 ... 6 1 Berseifc ;.."."! 7 10 10\ 3
1CM Morelia. 4 100 3 9 10 ;*. 8 1 ... 7 Vi Coburn - 10 > 60 . ¦ 2S»" " 8 •'
17J3 • Abbylelx I4 4.... 4 96 2 10 7h 7H ... 8 Vi Stuart.!!!. 8 13 10 4
,ii; k°" a - * V ,-» I J" « 1 » 1 ... 91 J. Walsh.... 15 1'JO 40 15
1.13 lAntloch. 8 100 9 7 Sh 10 ... 10 Uomlntclt .. 4 10 10 4
nme-1-16, :0G4; J;l«. :W; 7-16, :«4; -5Hf. 1:07^ Good start. Won first three driving
Winner, W. H. Ketchcmans.br. h. by imp. Alb«rt-Mol Milol. Edinborough apparently a'
fair on«. Mrs C went home early after being quite prominent. Morlnga stumbled right
Devereux 86. - Vassal 100. - -
I i l*o . I Itcttlng
Index jHorse and Weight. jPstj St. *j. %. str. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. HI. Pl^
,-;;; I" 017 . °" sh . 10 ? 5 3 '" 1 * — x< Bullman~ 8 10 5 2
hi} r -^ al Maxlm -.— W» 7 « ». 2tt ... 2% O'Connor ..3 447-5
1.21 bnoote 103 11 1 ... Jn .... 5tt Uansch ..... 3862
.... Smoky Mokes ...110 3 5 ... 4 1 ... -41 Henry 7 10 4~ilji
¦y- >*i"°, rla S r'-l" « t "' SI — 6 1 Buchanan.. li . 15 ¦ iSi"*"!
i-.^ *fP t0 .- -••• 10 J 19 — I* — -66 Jenkins .... 10 ¦ 25 25^>8J
im Ogle ...» 106 i 7 ... 8>4 ... .7-1 Alexander.. 5 12 10 4
1.03 Contestant 103 12 3 ... 6 1 ... . 8 tf Mounce 3 6 6 2
.... IVasalio 10S 9 12 ... 9 2. ... 9 3 Coburn 12 12 12 3
.-.. InucMica 105 4 S ... 10 1 ... 10 2 J. 'Daly 20 : 60 ~ 63 20
3.03 Lady Bird 103 8 10 ... 112 ... 114 Berpen 12 20 20 8
1703 Prestene 105 10_ 11 ... 12 ... 12 J. Woods... 5' ' 20 ' " 11 if . '•¦ $ '^
T T m^T* i ' J e : \ 2 - : .*• 36 - £***? 8tar £_. Won ea8ll >'- Becond and third drlvlnff." Winner. J.
Lodge & Co. s ch. c by Imp. Kriar Tuck-Queen Kapiolanl. Rory had worked fast and
was bet on. Snooze under stronger riding would have been second. I Mokes - has creed
Contestant ran poorly. '
1 74oTth'iRD RACE-3ne/mlleTnia1denth7eT!^^ 1
Index Horse and Weight. Pst St. >;. H. Str. Fin. Jockeys. I' Op. ?n" ln cf PK
V-li lorl * ta 1C3 " ~* 7^ 1~2 1 K 1> DominfcicT 4 7^ 1 ~
Ji»3 Cambacer*s 1C4 85 Sh 23 2 4 Z^ T. Burns.... « ,.« 12 6
«2r S" 01^" Dewey-- 101 = 8 6h 6H41 31 Mounce .... 3 7^2 7-3 8-5
J"i ? araIamb 1W 9 3 «H 42 8h 42 O-Connor .. 6 9 g 3
Ji« J^f«"f 9S n 1 11 9h SV, 54 Buchanan.. 10 10 10 4
1.15 Golden f 104 B 2 2 1'4 6 «i 6 1 6 3 Henry . 5 5 U-5 13
JS£ " b^« K1WB.....101 10 U 91 7 1* 73 7 4 tClSsch li SO 30 12
J;°* £L? ar " 102 8S Hi Sh 81 81 Enos 6 10 8 3
16SS Triple Cross ....105 3 10 8 1. 8h 9 1 9 1 F. Kelly.... 8 30 SO 10
*«« der J 101 * 9 » H 10 4 10 12 10 15 Coburn 10 15 15 6
9SS Bill Bohmanson.,109 1 7 5 3 11 11 U J. Woods.. .. 20 60 50 20
T1 ™.t7 1 "'' : Jf. : . :50H: **• 1:lfi Vi: m'le. 1:43. Good start. Won ridden out. Second and third
driving Winner. Doble & Campbeirs b. t. by Emperor of Norfolk-Florentine. Flo*?sta had
th« most ep?ed, which carried her through. Others unworthy of comment. Scratched-
Tri6trian 112.
1 ~-* > » FOURTH RACE— Ona mile; Spinster Stake?; three-year-old flllles; value. $600. -
Index JHorta and Weight. PstjSt. U. M. Str.. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. HK^Cl. PI.'
JI2! '¥y taa iy "° 21 12 12 13 ll MounceTTZ 4~ 4 4 1
1.29 Edna Brown 110 12 3 10 3 8 !S 2 >i T. Sloan 1 6-5 9 10 It
1730 B»va«a 110 S3 2 n 2 3 2 >.* 3 l! HenryT:..™ 7 7 6 8-3
1<S1 LonelirM» 110 4 5 4 4 4 4 Coburn 8 25 20 5
a'l') Bab 110 : 4 Fell J. Miller.... 3 I 6 7-5
J^?w* ?*V H' i? 01 i : **-^lI I6: rnlle - 1:42^4- Bad start. Won first three driving Winner
J. Dolaa-s b. t. by imp. True Rrlton-Mayetta- Maresa ridden to the belt aJvantm
Bioan waited tco long with Edna Brown, and later was cut off in stretch by - Baraasa'
Bab fell at first turn. »ir«cn D y iJa^assa.
1742. FIFTH RACK— Five and a half furlongs; gelling; four-year-old3 and up; purse. *3iO.
Index Horge.Age. Weight. Pet St »j. «;. .Str. Fin. Jockeys. ' Op. Hh""^. PI.'
16S9 Jertd. 5 106 2 2 11 12 12 12 Hullman 9 7T ,« - TZ
« »£?k£&is 1 t w i\, \\ li I Ha :: . : s - -I -I «
<KS2) Kitty Kelly. 4.. ..100 6 7 5 2 4 * 4 1 4 1 Coburn . 7-2 9-' 5 1
(117») Lou Cleirden. 4.. U 4 9 8 4 61 5 1 B4 Ransch .7 10 12 vi 8 1
UZ0 Guesle Fay 4....100 15 6 H 6 3 6 1 6 1 Domtnlck " 7 10 10 4
]«71 Olisitando. 4 108 73 71 74 74 75 Jenkins in ¦ i* i- i
1661 Beautiful Bill. 4.102 10 8 9 9 SI 86 Moun" I." 13 20 s'
155S Alao-s Garter, 4.10* 3 6 4h 83 9 9 Henry . 5 15 ?• I
1S6C Lit. MinchJr..S.l(tt 6 Left Q-Conr-or "Z 8 1* 10 {
f£Z8S2fi&Z%£g*t %&r>i?-j. s^r^ris i'^.^'s '% n & ta ?&££r7Zt i
Ingex Horse, and Weight, rtt SI Vt- ?4- Str. Fin. 'j 'Jockeys. ' Op. HK^ClTTpj?
1714 Andrattu 101 82 11 1J 12 12 - Dominl*ck~- ~~2 ? * ,,,,,,•¦
?£ %ZSS?.::::::::3Z II l\ l\ ilJj'Sr" A A J ; T
1720 El Toplo 104 3 4 22 23 3244 J wSodV W in "w *'£ •
1CSJ Flatterer 104 13 3 3 4 2 in'6 iSK!:." 6 80 20 g
1^0 Courtier 101 4 7 6 1 SI 6 2 6 3 Bergen 1 5 , % I* " ?
1730 William Ack 100 3 6 8 1 9 15 7 1 7 1 Mounee '"" 1' 25 'I- 7
1% as; j «B^aa 1 ?i° 11 li 0 ii^ A i? x o =; ::! I -I I
— m * •-»» »» 1» 10 10 10 Danffa":. 20 1QQ 10Q 40
T^"f i k •LS;e.,\. 1 - 1 . 4 by I ;ntp r . % r A B «255oSS ! S-. "S gS&J£3fi1
v; A curious criminal law exists in Greece.
A' man who is there sentenced to- death
awaits two yeara; before the execution of
the sentence. v- -;
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 1.— Results
AT IVE1A7 ORLEANS.
One mile and seventy yards,' selling—Be
queath won. Tom Gilmore second. Left Bower
third. Tlme,.'i:47. . ¦ . _ . ¦ .-. . . . ••
Seven furlongs, selHns-DeBride won. Charlie
Daniels second. Jim Breeze third. Time. ¦ 1-29
Six furlonKB-Triadltza won. Alex second, \n
novator third. Time, 1:14<4.
One mile seventy yards. nelling-Beana
won. Locust Blcssom second. Red Pk-ate third
Time, . 1:45%. ¦ •-
Seven furlongs, handicap— Varro won" Ken
ova second. Cluster third. Time. 12614 -" » /
One. mile, sellin*— BHtheful won. .-. Fleetinr
Momenta second. Island . Prince . third. Time.
1 M2 Vj. - '. v - ' - ' RHBBBIMKK^BMttiU^i. ' ¦ . -v -
DIVOECE GRANTED TO
• MRS. RICHARD H. HUNT
Wife of a Wealthy New York Archi-
tect and Sister of Mrs. Oliver
Harrtman Jr.
! HOT SPRINGS, So. Dak., Feb. l.-A de
cree of divorce was granted to-day to
Mrs. Richard H. Hunt, wife of a wealthy
architect of New York, and sister of Mrs.
Oliver Harriman Jr.
. Such careful . precaution has been ob
served to keep It a secret that It was not
until to-day that it became known a de
cree had been granted.
Those who know - Mrs. Hunt were no
more surplsed by the news that she " had
obtained. a decree than they were by the
statement which W. K. Vanderbllt caused
to, be made. This was to the effect that
he and his friends had not come here in
the Interests of Mrs. Hunt, nor did they
know anything about the divorce proceed
ings. Mr. Vanderbllt gave it to be un
¦derstood he was here on a trip of Inspec
tion of his railroads and was on his way
to Bait Lake City.
• In her petition Mrs. Hunt merely set
forth that she had been deserted by her
husband, although she had been faithful
as a wife. She asked for an absolute di
vorce, and left to the court's decision as
to what her husband should be required
to contribute to her support, and that of
her three children. "The separation of tho
Hunts about a year ago created a sensa
tion in society. It was soon followed by
the announcement that Mr. and Mrs. Wal
ter "VVlllson Watrous. who occupied the
house near by and who had been on the
friendliest terms with the Hunts, had also
separated. It was deemed strange that
difficulties should have come: to the two
families at the same time, and especially
when . their intimate relationship was re
membered. . Afterward it was. said that
Mrs. Watrous had gone : West to estab
lish a residence • there and obtain - a di
vorce?.
;.-"•,»¦ ¦ . * ' •' •. '¦ ' ,
CONDUCTOR •KTT.T.T-p ANI*
. ; TWENTY PASSENGERS HTJKT
Bessemer Passenger Train Telescopes
a Nickel Plate
Freight.
. ; "ASHTABULA; O.. Fab. l.-A Bessemer
passenger train telescoped a Nickel Plate
freight train at Wallace Junction. Pa
to-day. ;¦ Freight ' Conductor* Peter Dona
hue was killed and twenty, passengers
were Injured. A; caboose and an engine
w;ere burned.' .-•:
A forty foot channel Is to be dredged in
New York harbor,. and the work-will be
done by the two largest dredgers In exist-
DIAMOND ITEMS.
¦ SAN DIEGO. Feb. 1.— The members of
the present San Diego baseball team are
getting pretty well placed for the contest
in the northern league next summer.
Mike Donlln has affixed his name to a
contract to play with Los Angeles as
change pitcher and fielder. He was the
Ftar twirler of the northern league only
a short time since and went back to St
l>3uis ae change pitcher. He was found
fo valuable in the field and at first base
that he was not in the box for the East
ern team . much of the time during the
jia^t season.
.Bowman, •who. next to Devcreaux, has
th« highest batting a\-erage of the team
r.i.sn goes to Los Angeles, where he was
picked up because of the fact that he Is
petting his eye on the ball In such a "way
that doubles and 'triples are more fre-
Qunfit than Fingles in his score card.
Taylor, who writes out his answers to
questions asked, is said to be huffy at
<:al Ewing for telling some of the things
which were supposed to b« secrets be
tween thrm. He thinks that the manager
of the Oakland team talks too much, and
intimates that If Cal Ewlng cannot take
a. reef in his speech he will have to flni
another pitcher, contract or no contract.
Saturday and Sunday the San Diegos
and the Al Levys will meet on the local
diamond La»t Saturday the locals
batted Iburp out of the box. They would
have done the same thing with the next
pitcher, but the Levys had no third man
to use.
VALLEJO COURSING
The draw of the-ValleJo Coursing Club
for the meet on Sunday at the -Vallejo
Park 1s as follows:
Gold Or vs. Bridget Clara; Daylight vs.
nich Aunt: Lojcington vs. Little Beauty;
Snapper Garrison vs. • Master Pierce*
IJame Cock- vs. Fri«co Boy; Mountain
Beauty vs. Bannockburn; Jimmy. An
thony vs. Crockett Hill; Magneto vs. Tom
Hurlick; Lydette vs. Mosquito; Flirt vs.
Nighttime; Lilac vs. Master Buck; Uncle
Nf-d vs. MIfs Iteonne; Frisco Lass vs.
Statesman: Glenore vts. Juliet; Sylvanus
vs. Shootover; Harlean GaJdys vs.
Roguish Antics; Bowa vs. Veto; Governor
Mack vb. Pasha Queen; Llnton vs. Ad
vajice Guard; St. Cat aline vs. Ready Al
ways; Sir Lawrence vs. Gladys Weller;
Tammany vs. Injury; High Born Lady
'vp. Cotton Ball;--Tod Sloan vs. Maid of
Hill; Password vs. My Selection; Pe
ironius vb. Xellie X; Rocklln Belle vs.
R^-al Glory; Racy Anecdote vs. - Low
lander; Wandering Tom vb. Montana
Jack; Bald Eagle vs. Dudley Diamond;
¦< 'oratnandw vs. Lord Artfld ; Palm Flower
vs. K(ng Lemore.
GANS HAS GRIP.
BALTIMORE. Feb. L— The fight sched
uled for to-night between Joe Gans of Bal
timore and "Wilmlngfon Jack" Daly has
Recn postponed for a month. Gans having
the grip.
¦ ...•;- . ,
THE backers and followers of Tod
Sloan are disconsolate and In the
dumps again over his latest de
feat. Tod had the mount on Edna
'y * Brown, 9 to 10 favorite for the
Spinster stakes at Tanforan yesterday.
The distance was a mile and Edna looked
so much the best on paper that all, or
nearly all of the smart division, climbed
aboard. Of the other four fillies entered,
Maresa, the half-sister to Howard, ap
peared to be the contender, though
Bavassa and Bab called for some scatter
ing support. After tha start, Mounce, on
Maresa. lost no time in talcing his mount
out In the lead. At the first turn, J. Mil
ler, astride Bab, tried to squeeze his way
through between Bevassa and Mare.-u,
and down in the dust went horse and
rider. Mareea soon held a commanding
lead, with Sloan, on the first choice, tak
ing matters quietly ten lengths in the
rear. When the stretch was reached tho
leader showed small sigms of stopping and
Sloan began riding the favorite. He clung
to the rail and less than a furlong from
the stand was badly cut off by Henry, on
Bavassa. Then compelled to take up and
go around Sloan rode with desperation.
The wire was too close, the time too short,
a»d though very tired, Maresa lasted long
enough to win by a length in 1:42^.
With the result over the attention of the
crowd was attracted to Bab, which still
lay stretched out on the track, appar
ently lifeless. It was only a case of
knockout, however, the filly being led
over to the stable a few minutes later
with a broken nose for the veterinary to
operate on. Miller suffered a fracture of
the collar-bone, which will keep him out
of the saddle for a couple of weeks or
more.
In all three favorites crossed the line
first— EdinborouEh In the opening event;
Jerid and Andrattus. Tne betting was
brisk enough, even if the fields had no
marked pretensions to class. •_ \ : ->.v - ~
Harry Stover had Edlnborough entered
In the first number, a live and a half fur
long sprint., and the horse was heralded
as "the coods." Backed down to 8 to 5
favoritism, Burns had the Imp. Albert
horre in front from the start, beating out
Moringa a length. Mrs. C. was bo heav
ily played that 5 to 1 was the best ob
tainable around post- time. She showed
early speed, but did not carry it very far.
Rory Ough, a half brother to Dunboy,
and quite a speedy youngster, captured
the- two-year-old dash from a big Meld.
Backed from 10 to 5, Bullman had Rory
in front soon as the barrier was released,
reaching the Judges four lengths before
Legal Maxim. Snooze ran a close third.
Campbell & Doble's Florista downed a
cheap assortment in the mile for maiden
three-year-olds. The filly had the most
speed, and after cutting out all the run
ning, lasted long enough to beat Camba
ceres a head. Golden, the 11 to 5 favorite,
with Henry in the saddle, never looked
dangerous.
Asked to turn down a. less speedier lot
of .sprinters, Jerld made a runaway race
of the fifth event. Once quoted at %
the chestnut horse's odds were backed
down at post time to 11 to 6. Nullah dis
posed of Foul Play for the place. ..
Track Notes.
Apdrattus enjoyed an easy thinjr of it
io tho first race. Closing favorite over
Bernota he won galloping. Compass, at
15 to 1, nosed out Bernota for the place.
Besides the - four-cornered sweepstake*,
the Eclipse stake at one mile and three
quarters is down for decision.
Dominlck and Bullman each piloted two
winners.
Tommy Burns broke the ice, and If he
will retire before the roosters crow their
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
loudest ought, to Blip in", among the
leaders.
Mrs. C was extensively backed to win
the opening sprint. She happened to meet
Ldlnboroush. said to have been sold In
the East for $5000, and the rest is ancient
history.
Miller blamed Henry for his fall at the
flrt>t turn on Bab. In the stretch Henry
deliberately and palpably fouled Sloan on
the favorite. Only tho day before this
same rider, with the leg up on Native,
pulled in toward the rail, ruining- all
chances of Sad Sam. Henry is not allowed
pn the Oakland track for reasons best
known to the officials there. If he has se
cured the "bumping privilege" at Tau
foran^. well and good. If not, his riding
calls for attention.
Following are to-day's entries:
First Race— Six furlongs: three-year-olds and
up; purse:
(1733)FavontU3 ...... 115, 1603 EcUeck 105
/li&JW'A 11 " 11 •••» s !(«")Joe Frey 105
(1.26)Gold Or 115 1144 Gold Beater ..113
<1603)The Pride ml 1688 Blanda ...!„ 100
Second Race— Steeplechase handicap; short
course; about two miles:
( lS?i?£* mo „• l«7!<m«)Credo 167
"Jf May Boy 142 171S llestor .135
1.16 Lord Chestrfld.lSO 1717 Koenie vn
™ ™ u c as ..:::::.ii| 172S The Ca »'°™'^
Third Race— One and three-quarter miles
four-year-olds and up; Eclipse StakeJ:
1711 Ad. Guard .103|(l717)The Bobby 107
(1733) Favonius ......109 1574 Bangor *" m
1711 Greenock 10j! 99C Zoroaster .'..'.' "lO3
Fourth Race-One mile; three-year-olds
sweepstakes of |100 each, with $1000 added:
O567)Brutal .^....113; 1567 Canmore Ms
1693 Rolling Boer.. .115' 1677 Articulate ".'.'."113
Fifth Rac»-Seven furlongs; three-year-olds •
purser >• '
.1715 Slap Dash .....109 1729 Selda "... ii»
/(15W)Toah 109 1696 Ada N . " : 'lo'
/ Ji 2^«?? JIm ••• 109 < 173 °)M°onbr!sht"."."l07
;, (1731)RollIck 100 1715 Tony Lcpplng 112
<1732)Alzura .107 1669 Cougar "m
1684 Grafter .........109 (1720)ScallywaK"."'.";i09
Sixth- Race— Mile end seventy yards; four
year-olds and up; selling:
.... Olive 106 1725 Casdale ..... 107
1053 Walkenshaw ..110 1731 Whaleback "lO7
1439 Rainier ..107 1731.B. Anderson:! 105
1735 Marj' Klnsella.105 1725 Burdock .. 107
1713 Joe Rlpley ....107 14S8 Letiger ....!""lO7
1735 Billy Moore.... 107 1713 Faunetta ,...!!lO5
Probable Winners.
FlrsfRace—Joe Frey, Gold Or. Favonlus.
Second Race —Credo. Kocnlg. Lomo.
Third Race—Favonius, Advance Guard, Ban
gor.
Fourth'Race—Brutal, Rolling Boer, Canmore.
Fifth Race—Grafter, Moonbright, Rollick. '
Sixth: Race—Walkenshaw, Rainier, Joe Rln
ley.
DOUBLE BUNKO GAME
. THAT LED TO MABSIAGB
Interesting Charges and Counter
charges in the "Billy" Man
ning: Divorce Case.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 1.— Professor
"Billy" Manning and his wife, Catherine
Manning, had a "bout" In the Superior
Court this morning. It was a one-rou*nd
go. with Judge Lucien Shaw as referee.
Judge Shaw denied Mrs. Manning's ap
plication for temporary alimony, support,
attorney fees and costs of her divorce
suit. In doing so he remarked:
"I think the lady can support hersalff
without help from Professor ilaonlne or
the court."
Mrs. Manning said she mot tha hand
some ex-pugilist and physical culture pro
fesaor in Seattle three years ago. Profes
sor Manning posed as a man of great
wealth and as an "oil king." Mrs. Manning
was captivated and the two became bosom
friends. On October 11 laat sha came to
Los Angeles. Professor "Billy" took her
around, pointed out his valuable proper
ties, accidentally showing her newspaper
clippings wherein he was called an #r oil
king." . Mrs. Manning was hypnotized,
and on October 30 thev wer» married
"BUly" says.his wife told him there was
a castle built In Brlt'sh Columbia by a
German Count and deeded to her mother
by the aforesaid, Count: that this was onlv
a mere pittance In comparison with tha
wealth of her family and of what she waa
the possessor. He wa* happy because ha
had married well and his futur« wa*
made. He bad, a work on physical culture
which- would, --when- published, make- his
fortune. His wife had the money to put
the work on the market.
Everything went smoothly until eaen
found that the other had olayed a. bunko
game; then trouble commenced. Final'y
fame the, suit for divorce. Judge Shaw
issued an order citing Manning to show
cause why he- should not pay temporary
alimony. He told Judge Shaw this morn
ing that he did not have more than $300
or $300 of his own. When his diamond pin
was alluded to, "Billy" took It off his
scarf and. handing It to the Judge, said:
"Here it Is. You can have It for a, dol
lar. Judge."
When ttsked whether he told his wife he
was an oil king and a prince in dlsguisa.
he said:
"Judge. I guess I did tell a fairy tal«
about that. I showed her what the pa
pers said about me. They called me an
oil king, millionaire and bloated bond
holder, and I just accidentally showed 'em
to her, you know."
¦V r *
FINDS WIFE ABSENT
AND CHILDREN STARVING
San Jcsa Laborer Causes ths Arrest
of Another Man for Having
Wrecked His Home. •
SAN JOSE, Feb. 1.— Joseph Dent, a
hard-working laborer, returned to hfa
home # , here yesterday from San L>uls
Oblspo to find that his wife had aban
doned him and his children were depend
ent upor. the charity of strangers. Dent
has been employed In San Luis Oblspo
for some months and has regularly sent
money to his wife for the support of her
self and children. Shortly after his de
parture Mrs. Dent began to receive at
tentions from Frank Fogalde. an em
ploye of the First-street railway, and
went to keeping house for him on South
Second street. The couple passed as
man and wife. She left her six children
to the mercy of neighbors.
A couple of days ago Dent picked up a
San Jose paper and was surprised to sea
that his children were suffering: for the
necessaries of life and he hastened home.
To-day he went before Justice Roeenthal
and swore to a warrant against Fogalde.
Fogalde was arrested, but subsequently
released on $100 bail. His examination
is set for February 7.
Dent and his wife have been married
for many years and have six children.
She is a rather prepossessing; woman of
32 years. --.:
* Hetzel Must Stand Trial.
SANTA ROSA. Feb. L— W. H. Hetzel of
Guernevllle, charged with lll«gal fishing,
will have to stand trial afterjall. Hetwr
was arrested a few days ago while taking
a large steelhead trout from a net set 'a
the waters of the ' Russian River. Ho
claimed that he did not set the net and
took the fish from the water simply be
cause he happened to be passtng and
heard It floundering In the riffles. District
Attorney Webber held that no crime with
in the meaning of the law had been shown
because it was not alleged that Hetzel
put out the net. Tnerefore he refused to
prosecute. -When. the preliminary examin
ation was called to-day before Judso
Brown. Deputy Fish Commissioner
Kercheval of San Francisco, accompanied
by Attorney W. H. Cook as special coun
sel." was on hand to prosecute, and Hetz?t
was held in $100 bonds to appear for trial
before the Superior Court.
Tribute to John Marshall.
8AN JOSE, Feb. 1.— The Santa Clara
County Bar Association will celebrate the
one hundredth anniversary of John Mar
shall's elevation to the position of Chief
Justice of the United States Supreme
Court next Monday. The exercises will
be held before all three of the Superior
Judges Bitting in bank. There will be ad
dresses of eulogy and readings from the
life of the renowned jarist and suitable
resolutions will be adopted. ¦? Judge Lori
gan..Judge Hyland. Judge Rhodes, J. E.
Richards. John Reynolds. J. H. Campbell.
H. V. Morehouse and Jackson Hatch have
been appointed a committee to arr&nga
0NE OF DEWEY'S MEN
: . NOW AN INSANE WR.ECK
Terrible Events of the Memorable
Day Weaken the Mind of Ed-
ward. McCartney.
NEW YORK, Feb. 1.— Not all cf
the brave men who participated in Ad
miral Dewey's victory at Manila
have had their praises suns and
there are some who" have become
mental wrecks. One of these was taken
to Bellevue Hospital to-day that he may
be examined as to his sanity, and his
relatives assert that his affliction dates
from that memorable. naval engagement.
Edward McCartney was IS years old
when he enlisted in the navy about five
months before the declaration of hostili
ties. He was stationed at Raleigh, and
wrote regularly to his mother, sending her
$S out of his waces. After the battle of
Manila, tho money cainn as usual but no
letters. McCartney came home with
Dewey on the Olympla and when hla
mother saw him she knew there was a
change for the worse.
'. "The night he came from, the reception
to the Bailors at the Waldorf- Astoria,"
said his mother to The Call correspondent,
"he acted as though he. had been drink
ing, yet 1 knew he had not. My.' boy wrs
changed. I soon eaw.Ms mint! was liaunc
edby scenes of that day. in Manila Ba-v.
As long as we could we. bore it, then we
took- him -to-Bollevue. When 1 took him
away: physicians said- I -was:, too hasty.'
Then he ran away and 'became a sailor on
the . transport ; : Rawlins, ) which went to
Cuba.*' He .was worthless > when- he got
back home, and wan ted ; .to. read nothing
but bloodthirsty novels.- over- • which he
would gloat day and night. Then he be
gan to disturb us at night so we could
not sleep and a few days- ago he threat
ened me. Then I knew my . poor boy's
mind was wrecked, and for the- sake of
others,:! decided he should -go back to
Bellevue." *
MRS. CARRIE NATION WHITES
v . TO . TOPEKA JOINT-KEEPERS
Addresses Them. as "My, Dear Hell
. Bound Sinners," and Asks for
a Conference. . r'j'i
TOPEKA, Kans., Feb. 1.— Mrs. Carrie
Nation to-day sent a personal letter to all
saloon-keepers In Topeka, warning them
to stop their business.
The letter was addressed to "The Joint-
Keepers of Topeka. My Dear Hell-Bound
Sinners."
Mrs. Nation suggested In the letter that
the Joint-keepers appoint a place of meet
ing with her in which the situation could
be carefully canvassed and a decision con
cerning the future disposition of the Joints
arrived at. She intimated that forcible
measures would soon begin if they did not
heed her advice and close up.
HIAWATHA. Kans., Feb. 1.— E. J.
Eicholtz. a local druggist, to-day made
public his determination to destroy all the
liquor in his store. This afternoon ho
emptied a barrel of whisky into the sewer
and announced that on Saturday he wouid
publicly destroy the remainder of his sup
ply of liquors, including several barrels of
wines and whiskies. The affair will bo
made one of rejoicing, the local ministers
and the public having been invited to at
tend. The druggist has concluded that to
sell liquor for »any purpose Is wrong.
TRAIN OVER-TTJR,NEI>, BUT
PASSENGERS ESCAPE DEATH
Hail Breaks and Every Car Is Toppled
Over, but No Fatalities
Result.
DENVER, Feb. 1.— An entire passenger
train was turned over while running fifty
miles an hour. The train was dragged
three hundred feet, but not one of the
twenty-seven passengers was killed, al
though many were slightly injured. The
wreck occurred at 7 o'clock this morning,
five miles east of Hardin, Colo., on the
Union Pacific. The intense cold snapped
one of the light steel rails In, use on the
Julesburg branch. The locomotive of the
Pacific Express passed the break in safety
and Engineer S. D. Lane. did not know
that ¦ an accident had • occurred until he
felt tho heavy Jar and saw the cars bound
ing along upside down on the frozen
*prairle. n :
- Every coach f ef t the rails. The baggage
car, i smoker • and ¦ chair car ' were ¦ turned
completely over. The sleeper fell on > its
Bide.
The track was torn up for three hundred
feet before the train could be stopped O
N. : Douglass of ' Hastings, Nebr., was cut
in the eye by a bit of lamp shade while he
was rolling on the ceiling of the chair car.
RICH STRIKE OF GOIJ>
IN COLORADO MINE
Ore. Found in TSighteen-Inch Streak
'" of Galena and Worth §750
- Per Ton.
; DENVER. Feb.:l.— It was made public
yesterday -that .a'strlke- of more : than
usual i importance had ' been , made in the
Bertha croup I that is cut? by the New
house tunnel at a depth of 2400 feet from
the surface. \The strike was not^made at
the tunnel level, the breast not havfng yet
reached .the main vein of the property '
but' if was 'found in the bottom of the
shaft. The ore was found in an eighteeti
inch streak of heavy galena carrying good
gold' values, 'the! total .value of the ore
being about $750 per ton In gold, sliver and
lead. a T fcJ '*P* a *^tn"iati'"l|| i """ -
- The shaft is now i down .about- 500 feet
The tunnel is , expected to reach the main
vein of the property within the next sixty
days. ; The 1 present x helr « apparent' to -the
English i throne Is interested personally to
the extent of a half million dollars in this
tunnel. .He 'became intcrestedt'ln the;en
terprise with; Samuel ;Newhouse.% the mil
lionaire mine operator of Denver..*- * *,-;>
MANILA, Feb. ;1.— Archbishop Chap
pelle, in response to the request of the
correspondent of the Associated Press for
a statement of his position on the ques
tion of. the . friars, said to-day that he
must decline at the present Juncture. 'He
considered trjat the time was Inopportune
and might cause embarrassment to the
United Stateg, Government and the com
mission concerning pending matters of
which he could not speak.
At the. public session of the. Philippine
Commission President* Taft declared the
satisfaction of the, committee over the
ft;ct that the governing body of the Fed
eral party had unanimously subscribed to
what all had individually expressed,
namely, that religious issues be kept apart
from the- party.
Speaking of the provincial government
bill. President Taft said that a communi
cation had come from the. Military Gov
ernor to the effect that some of the prov
inces were ready for the establishment of
civil government. At present, President
Taft said, the provincial governments
would be subordinate to the military and
legislative. - i>- . .
Number of the Philippine
Provinces Ready for : "
, the: Plan. :
Doyle. Olympic Club, in the welter di
vision. In the second round both set off
with a series, of promiscuous swings ¦ re
gardless of pace or distance. It was an
even break. ;when the gong sounded.
Neither had anything to spare in the end.
Curtin caught' the Judges" eye, and , the
decision' was popular.
• James Pallas, South End Rowing Club,
and Gus Baraco, Olympic. Club, got busy
from the start. Pallas cut out the early
work and landed a whirl of stout Jolts on
Baraco's eye, , which at i once .puffed, up.
Both mixed from' the word .in the next
round. It was a rarely good contest. In
a general exchange of heavy swings Bar
aco had a slight lead when the third round
began. Baraco went down from a
straight left; but ' came back fresh and
ready. Pallas did the better work at the
end and received a close verdict for his
last minute's showing. ' .
Then came the lightweights. D. Mur
phy and J. A. Rock, .both Olympic Club
.men, donned the "mitts." Murpny went
In for quick action. He used the heel of
his -glove twice on his opponent. Rock
was going easy at the end of the round.
He had all the better of the milling In the
second. In the third round he.dj-ove Mur
phy into a corner and hammered him at
will. It was a rough battle. Rock won.
James Britt. Olympic Club, and" W. L.
Bevert Jr., "West Oakland • A. C. were
tried out, next, i Fast infighting marked
the early proceedings of this fierce tight.
Both were going the limit when the round
Closed. They, went at it furiously in the
second. Never was a faster go seen in
an amateur ring. Bevert was down three
times in the second round, but disdained
to take the count and carried the lighting
to his man. Bevert's showing was a mar
vel of gameness. One of his seconds
helped him to defeat by blatant'sugges
tions and unnecessary Interruptions wnen
the battle waxed hot.-
SP. Bayly. Pacific A. C. and J. Millet. S.
F. A. C, middle-weights, came on next.
Both men were very green. Millet's long
reach did great execution. His eye was
in distress, but he got home some jarring
rights and had all the best of the first
part. Bayly stood up under awful pun
ishment. Millet's decision easily. .
Two evenly matched bantams, F. H. Mc-
Connell, Olympic A_ C, and W. Snallham.
set a furious clip from the gong. Snall
ham won.
J. Moran and D. Danzlger followed in
the semi-flnale. It was a alow affair.
Danziger leading all the way.
W. J. Leonard and T. A. Riordan con
tended in the second semi-final bout
Leonard put Riordan down three times
because the latter couldn't get out of his
own way. Leonard got the verdict.
M. Curtln and M. J. Breen wfcund up the
evening's boxing. Neither is made of
championship stuff. An extra round was
ordered and- they strung it out until
Breen won.
In the finals to-night the following men
will meet;
Bantams — Joe -Fields vs. M. Snailham.
Keathexs — 1>. . Danziger vs. "W. J. Leon
ard. .
Lightweights— J. Britt vs. J. Rock.
Welter-weights— H. W. Flnke vs. J.
PaJlas. . ¦
Middle-weights— J. Millet vs. F. Wege
ner. .
¦ Light heavy-weights— C. Galllvan vs. W.
Sutherland. •
Heavy-weights — T. Lynch vs. A. J. Gal
lagher. ,-. •
AWAIT CIVIL
GOVERNMENT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSB, .Feb. 1.— Mrs'.' Belle Hirsch
to-day filed an answer to the divorce suit
recently brought by her husband, H. L.
Hirsch, the hotel "man. The charges of
infidelity made by her husband are denied.
and she makes countercharges against
him, in which a pretty concert, hall singer
is named as She • alleges
Hirsch has * been unduly attentive to
Miss Dulcie of the Dulcle sisters, vaude
ville singers. The accused singer is known
by the nickname of "Spain." Hirsch
owned the Pabst Cafe In this city and the
young lady was engaged as a singer there.
Mrs. Hirsch, In an affidavit presented
to-day, claims that her husband offered
to install her as proprietress of a lodging
house in San Francisco if she would aban
don her defense.
On the day prior to the commencement
of his action for dH'orce, It Is alleged,
Hirsch, transfer-red all his' property, in
cluding the Pabst Cafe and the New York
Exchange Hotel, to Henry Roehr without
a valuable consideration and for the pur
pose of defrauding the defendant out of
her rights as his wife. This business, she
claims in her answer, pays Hirsch a net
monthly income of $1600. This transfer
she will ask to have set aside and the
property declared community property
and divided between them. .;;-/.' .
GOES TO KILL KING
VICTOR ETVTKTANTJEL
American Police Notify the Italian
Government ol s an .Anarch
ist's Plans.
ROME, Feb. 1.— The Fanfulla says the
American police have advised the Italian
Government of the departure from the
United ¦ States, of an Italian anarchist
named Calcagnoi who has been delegated
by his comrades In Paterson. N. J., to kill
King Victor Emmanuel.,
FEENCH TORPEDO-BOAT
EXPLODES AND SXNTKS
All but Two Members of the Crew
Are Lost in the Terrible
Accident. \-.
HAVRE, Feb. 2.— The French torpedo
boat No. 24 sank : last evening within a
mile of the harbor, as the result of . a
boiler explosion. All but two of the crew
were lost. - . .. . ' ,.;'
ENGAGEMENT OF . '
MISS ASTOB ARRANGED
Daughter of William Waldorf Is to
Wed the Ihike of Roxburghe -
Next . Summer.
LONDON, Feb. i.— The engagement of
the Duke of Roxburghe to Miss Pauline
Astor, daughter of • William Waldorf *As
tor has 1 been definitely arranged. - The
wedding will take place some time next
summer.:.'" ' ''% '' "¦
Quarantine Established.
. SANTA ANA, Feb. 1.— The Horticul
tural Commissioners '¦ of this county have
instituted -a quarantine against v Florida
and Louisiana citrus nursery stock on ac
count of the alleged prevalence of an in
sect known as the Vwhite fly" (Aleyrodes
cltri) on the stock. . The action of the
Commissioners ; is", generally upheldiby
citrus fruit growers.^
Natural • Gas and Oil.
WALLA WALLA.. Feb.: 1.— Natural . gas
and ollare reported tb^ have been discov
ered in large quantlticsVon thefarm'of
M.E. Mitchell; south of this city. ,
' r«; • — ~J» 'J' — ;. - ; »~
' ' SANTA '¦ CRUZ.' Feb.'; 1.— The > British' sealers
Aurora and - Casco are . in ¦ port ¦ from Victoria.
They report : the seal ; catch - cnvill. j,r~V v.
ire Names a Pretty Vau
deville Singer as Co
--Respondent. •;
.: a . BIO crowd was In attendance last
/\ ' nlght f or> tho thlrd Installment
ytd\ of : the ; Olympic Club's' boxing
A ja. tournament... Many of the con
: ¦_ tests i were " fast and torrid, and
in some cases far; more Interesting than
the average professional flstic mill.
The battles between James Brltt and
"W. L. Bevert Jr.. light-weights, and F.
H. McConnell and W. Snailham, bantam
weights, were easily tho star events of
the programme, |
Only in one. decision did the Judges'
verdict fall ' to please, the bout between
T.> A. , Rlordan and J.' Lundy provoking
much dissatisfaction, as j Lundy was
clearly the better, fighter. '•• -.:
The opening bout was between. Lewis
Long, Reliance Athletic Club, and J.
Moran, Pacific Athletic Club. Moran was
hard as! nails, had Long bleeding from a
series of stiff punches, and was entitled
to the decision given him.
W.J. Leonard, Olympic Athletic Club,
and .William KrelLng, San Francisco Ath
letic Club,, hooked up in the second bout:
Leonard stood Krellng off ¦ cleverly/Cnd
had his eye swelling. at the call _o^ time. 1
Kreling had an ugly 'punch, butcouldn't
land effectually. A series of straight left
jabs settled Krellng, and Leonard got the
verdict. I
James Howard, unattached, met D.
Danziger in the third number on the pro
gramme. Both were cautious, but Dan
ziger whipped some speedy swings over
in the first round. Howard used the Morse
code and failed to land through telegraph
ing a bunch of cumbersome leads. How
ard mixed It fiercely in the last round,
but Danziger had a shade on the earlier
rounds and was awarded the decision.
J. Lundy and T. A. Riordan. both unat
tached, opened the fourth bout in cyclone
fashion. Lundy had all the speed in the
first. He tapped the claret splggot and
had Rlordan dizzy early In the game. He
dropped his man nicely with a right swing
on the Jaw, and continued in the second
round to make Riordan's Jaw an easy tar
get. The flght was fast and the crowd
grew noisy. Rlordan liked the grueling
and got ali that was coming to him be
fore the round closed. In the third Rior
dan was pretty well pumped out, but still
had a punch left. Another round was or
dered, when tho Judges disagreed. The
verdict was out of line, and a decision
should have been rendered by the referee
under the rules. •
Without protest, save from the crowd,
they went at It again. The men did not
stand on the order of milling and • went
the pace to the end. Riordan got the de
cision, and the crowd yelled "Its dis
approval. Lundy was clearly entitled
,to the fight before going the extra round,
and doubly so after he had punched Rlor
dun's head Into a trance. ¦ /
Tho welter-weights came next. M. J.
Broen. Olympic Athletic Club, and W. J.
Lawlor. unattached, tried ' conclusions.
Breen had the best of a slow argument,
put his man on the carpet with a lucky
left and got thjQ decision.
M. Curtln, San Francisco Athletic Club,
was too heavy as carded among- the light
weights anu moved up a peg to meet J.
COUNTER CHARGE
AGAINST HIRSCH
RARE BOXING
ON THE CARD
Olympic Club's Carnival Im
proves in Semi-FinaLs. .
The coursing uame Is enjoj-ing a
he.-Uthy boom. Judging from the attend
ance yesterday at Union Park on the
opening day of the usual big weekly
Make. Betting was brisk and hardly a
dog in the stake was without strong fol
lowing. While the running was of the
highest class favorites were out of form
zn<l the big betters suffered many up-
Etts. Twenty-five short ends at good
odds helped to Ewell the bank rolls of
the pikers.
The contestants^!n the remaining rounds
cf the stake will have & day's rest be
f.ro competing for final honors, as there
v M be no coursing to-day. Luxor, Cur
::s & Sons' breadwinner, looks to have a
pood chance for the stake. Sacramento
B y. winner of the John Grace Cup
etaJce. Is also Ultely to be a strong factor
U r first money. With the Boy, however,
U depends entirely on the hares. If ho
[a slipped to strong, hard-workins game
y.'.s chances are excellent, for once in
3 1 ssession it Is a e.trong opponent that
<-n taJto a Jack away from him.
Flying Fox Is first choice In the lone
odds book at 3 to J, being backed down
nom-10. Herschei's Prtd*. Rector and
Sisquoc are quoted at 6 to 1, Luxor at
6 to 1, while Lady Claire. Floodgate and
: ottle M figura with Sacramento Boy at
fc to i. • .
Tha winners of the second round look
to be Urania, Herschel'B Pride. Narcis
sus, Lady Claire. Rector. Fine Fire, Iowa
Hoy. Aeneas, Beauty Spot, Echo. Aga
memnon, Pleasant Girl, Floodgate. Rural
Artist, Luxor, Forget, Psyche. «War
rath. Flj-Jng Fox, Maud O. BernaJ* Boy.
.Sliadow, America, Vulcan and St. Ives.
The <iay'8 results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open stake, first round— D. J. Healey'i Ura
r.'.a. b*at J. Hurley's Gramercr, 10-7; J. Hur
lej-'e Hurricane beat Curtis A Sons' Kibosh.
«-!;-Etar Kennels" Herschel'n Pride beat Cap
tain Cane'e Master Davenport, l«-7; Russell &
Allen's Talk To Me beat George A. Starr's
V.'hoop La, 12-1; A. Jackson's Honor Brlpht
lH"»t Curtis & Sons' War Kajlc. 8-7; J. Hur-
W» O K Capitol beat W. Calrne'B Imperial,
8-4; Curtis & Sons' Narcissus beat T. Tler
nry's Lueretla Borgia. 8-1; M. Dunlea's Erin
l«?at Paeba Kennels' Real Article. JO-8; D. J.
Ileai^ys 1-adv Claire beat P. J. Relay's
I.oughneagh, 8-4; T. J. Crontn's Vixen beat J.
Hcldea's Royalist. S-0; J. E. Hodgkln's King
Cashier beat T. W. Bart els' Mac's Melody.
4-0; Rusm!I & Allen's Castaway beat Oeorce
.'¦' :.rri-.!!'i Colonel I>op«z. 4-0; Curtis &
Kons' Hector beat II. A. Deckelman's Flya
vray, 5-3; G. Lennon's Half Moon beat P.
Krophy's BerJcia Boy. 4-3; Chlarlnl Bros.'
Bunco Bill beat T. J. Cronln's Daley Dale.
4-0; J. IJean's Sisquoc beat F. Jones' Wedee
¦vvood, C-2; RussfU & Allen's BtrayaTray beat
II. A. Deckelman's Snapshot. B-4; Aeneid Kcn
r.^s' Fine Fire beat Pasha Kennels' Round
About. 8-0; E. M. KelloBg"" Iowa Boy beat
E. Ueary's Ireland. S-3; Kussell 4b Allen's
V.'e-JdinK Bells beat It. Btrehl's Three Cheers,
S-C; Curtis & Sons' McKlnley beat J. II. Pert
iro's Bobe. 2J-S; A^neid Kenn*ls'' Aeneas beat
«"aptain Cane's Grernhall, 6-5; George Whit
ney's Theron beat J. Smith's Boney Boy. 10-4;
Toeostt* Kennels' Beauty Sj>ot beat E. M.
Tvellopit'8 Kid McCoy. 6-2; Curtis & Sons'
F.eho »-?at T. McCooi'is Fin McCool. 6- 1 ); K. M.
XvlioFg'ti Ftreft Kmina beat George Shar
raan'8 Bowery Bov. 10-3; C. Ulaeson's
Dew Prop beat Kursell & Allen's Daisy Claire,
4-0; Chlarlnl Eros.' Santonin brat Yosemlte
Kennels' Uncle -Fuller, 6-3: Connell Bros." Ix>g
lioy b^at G. I^ennon's Jennie Xoy«", 9-3; Ae
rt»j>l KeniiPlf" Aeeroemnon beat Gold Dust
Kennels' Tyronft Prince, 10-V; D. Toland's
TlpRsant Girl beat Yosemlte Kennels' Mose.
rC-O; R. E. d* B. Ixjpez'* Minnie Wa VTa boat
ATfH Kfnnflf' Achilles, 3-1; Georgre Xeth
errotfs KlooJeate l>»at Chlarlnl Bros.' Brwa
DattOO. 6-3; T. J. Cronin's Vandal best F. A.
McComb's UtO» Sister, 5-4; T. Barre's Wait
a Little beat Erw!n & Lyons' Silver Winps,
4-I; ;¦-.-«!:•? Kennels' Rural Artlrt beat Captain
O:»rk*on'« Golden Garter. 6-2; J. Carroll's
Auckland beat Sterl & Knowles* Ripple, 8-7;
Curtl? & Sons' Lsxor beat Russell & Allen's
Faithful Lad, 5-0; J. Sailth's Master Work
man b^at A. Buk»r"B Kanaka, 5>-4 ; Gold Duet
Kennels' Forjret beat KnTiean & Meharrj-'s
nro», 13-6: Walsh & Heenan's Sacramento Boy
l.eat D. J. Healey's Tapioca, n-2; J. R. Mc-
Carthy's John Do« beat J. Carroll's Master
Claire. 12-9; C. Bonar*« Wild Xorah beat
Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead. 4-2; Star
Kennels' Master Lawrence beat H. A. Deckel
rr.an's Master Rocket, 4-1; Curtis & Sons*
1'Fjche beat T. TlerneT'e Tes. Rose, J-0; R. E.
d<» B. Lopez's Sweetness beat Yosemite Ken
nel^' Bad Boy. 4-0; Curtis & Son's Warpath
tifat Georjre Bbarman't Chicago Boy. 3-2; Cur
tis & Sons' Flylnp Fox beat F. A. McComb's
Royal Flush. 3-2: CurtU & Sons' Maud S beat
Tasha Kennels' Ttun Alone. <S-3: J. Dempsey's
.*:: r> Bolls beat II. A. Peeicelman'e Belle
Ttocket. S-S: P. Do^¦le"s Thelma beat J. Heil
lj-"i Jin JfSries, 6-0; II. L>"nch's Lottie M
beat Russell & Allen's Firrt Foot, 6-S; Aeneld
Kenrds' Aethra. beat J. Henrj-'s May Boy.
15-2: .T«:fT Martenett'B Bernal Boy beat Gold
Dust Kennels' F. Michael. 7-4; Curtis & Bons'
Fhaiow beat D. Eheehan's Stain B, 8-0; J. H.
Perico'a Lady Davenport beat T. J. Cronln'e
Wild Tral^e. 5-2; E. Gearj-'s America beat
OeorsrA I'arkin«on'« Ben Lomond. 4-2: II. A.
I>-ckt>Injan'!« Ijiurence beat Tosemlte Kennels'
NnrSIra, 6-0; Curtis & Sons' Vulcan a bye.
:C-.": Curtis & Sons' Charta b*;at F. A. Mc-
Comb's Froitty Morn. 6-3; P. J. Rally's Will
ful Widow boat Sterl & Knowles' Olita 7-3-
F". A.' M'-Oomb's Bona Fide beat Jeff Mar
ren«-tt's fflim. 6-0: J. H. Perlsro's Controller
bfat L. F. Bart elf'- Banner Bright. 6-1; George
Hharman's Et. Ives beat Pasha Kennels' Belle
Cii'.re 12-8.
Best Hounds Put
Out at Union
Park.
SEVERE
UPSET TO
FAVORITES
REDWOOD CITY. Feb. 1.— Seven young
ladles of the Sequoia Union High School
met and defeated the same number from
the San Rafael High School this afternoon
in a game of basket-ball, the score at the
end of the hour's play belns 8 to 7. Tha
score was tied several times and the same
was exciting.
Just before the close of , the first half
hours play the visiting team threw a goal.
ma*dng the score at the end of the half
4 to 4. In the next half the Redwood City
team scored four points to San Rafael's
three. The following composed the make
up of the two teams:
_San Rafael. Sequoia Union.
£: dor T l ? (ca P> Center C. Murray (cap. >
Elsie Johnston Home forward. E. HaywarJ
Maud Trtorl........ Left forward.... S. Llnscott
Aiary David .-Right forward. ...M. Smith
Susie Roach Home guard G. Eetjrer
Lottla Doody Right guard OUla Christ
C. McKlnnle Left guard... Aulen Curran
To-night the local high school students
gave a dance In Odd Fellows* Hall, and
to-morrow the visiting team will be driven
about the Stanford University.
Dayton Man Wins.
DAYTON. Ohio, Feb. 1.— The expected
has happened In this the closing day of
the Helkes tournament, tho Dayton man
carrying off the high gun and the silver
pitcher offered as a trophy. Hi3" average
was 95.1, he having broken 571 out of a
possible 600. Fred Gilbert of Spirit Lake,
Iowa, stood 6econd with 561; E. B. Nell
of Bloomfleld. Ind., third with 6S9. and J.
S. Fanning of San Francisco fourth with
i>i>0. In the finale Ileikes and Gilbert tied
for first with 1S7.
FISHING NOTES.
1 ¦ — — —
At Point Reyes on Sunday last a party
of steelhead , fishers enjoyed some rare
sport with this game fish. Th« water was
a trine too muddy, but unless rain sets
in this week there should be some excel
lent sport in store for the fishermen who
frequent the point.
The party consisted of O. "W. Jackson.
L. Rondeau. F. I>olHver. Charles Precht,
Charles Breedenstein, C. H. Kewell.
James Watt, JB. Kenntff. C. R. Ken
niff. Dr. c. G. Levison. J. Gallagher, F.
Carroll. G. Luttrell. A. Legaspie and P.
Dugan. Watt caught a three-pounder and
Gallagher landed an eight and a half
pounder.
Union High School
Lassies Defeat
San Rafaels.
SEQUOIAS
PROVE THE
VICTORS
DENVER, Feb. 1.— "Big Fred" Russell,
tho California heavy-weight, put out Jack
McCormick of Texas in less than two min
utes before the Colorado Athletic Associa
tion to-night. The bout wa3 scheduled for
ten rounds. Russell jabbed his right hard
to McCormick's mouth shortly after the
fight beean and. this was followed by a
series of wild swings and clinches. Kus
sell forced McCormlck Into his own corner
and swung to McCormick's head with his
right,' Tho latter doubled up and went
down and out. The blow did not seem
to have much force and McCormlck only
walled for the ten count, when he got up
and left the ring without assistance. The
spectators were disgusted.
Kid Lavelle of Butte. Mont., and a local
man named Shoemaker fought five rounds
to a draw, as did Buddy King of Denver
and Jack Donnelly of SL Louis. The sec
ond preliminary was the best bout of the
night.
California F»ugilist
\A/lns inFirst
Round.
NBWTORK, Feb. 1.— Terry McGovern
seems to be. much lntrrested In the out
come 'of the approaching: battle between
Jim Jeffries and Gus Ruhiln.. When asked
his oplnionas to the result of the fray, he
said: "Now. I may bo ¦ wronsr, but ¦¦- 1
really, think Ruhiln has a. fine chance "of
winning and 'I am groins to back him. too.
Ruhlin is a mighty strong hitter, has a
good head, and Is one of the shiftiest blj
men I have ever ¦sen." ......
RUSSELL
PUTS OUT
McCORMICK
Says That RuhHn Is
Hard Hitter and •
Shifty.
McGOVERN
THINKS JEFF
WILL LOSE
THE SA3T FRANCISCO iCALI* SATURDAY^ FEBRUARY 2, /iJHKL.
Loses the Spinster Stakes on
Edna Brown at Tanforan.
SLOAN AGAIN
OUT OF LUCK
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
1 74O.
5National officers' who 'are investigating the recent:
gigantic theft - of ; stamps in the revenue office at ;
Peoria appear to have only one enduring consolation.
They are -glad there were no more "stamps •' inV-.thV
building when the. "thieves arrived.
¦'"¦' : ¦ 1 ~ ~^~ '.Vis-;'- ¦;»." '"¦: ¦¦¦"'
:r The young man who stole a barrel of whisky in this'
city the other day' evidently was determined to culti
vate a case of delirium? tremens or go to jail. . In
being caught ¦ he should Congratulate himself that he
has escaped acute a trnh nii^^?^|^^^PWSjBn|W
The local woman who welcomed a tfrm in prison
the other day to escape her husband's abuse ought to
furnish in herself an excellent objectjesson to sup
port an agitation for'the use of the whipping-post for
brutal husbands. l£j&£
. , « 11 .... ... \' '
An old man, well provided in worldly goods but
too miseriy to buy food, was found starving the* other
day in the cijy.^ Perhaps he felt that his manner of
life and retributive justice demanded that he should
cheat himself before he died. »
Accusations are now made that hazing has been
as offensive at Annapolis as it was at West Point
It might not be a bad idea for Uncle Sam to take
his refractory students out somewhere and administer
to them a sound spanking— perhaps the only element
in a youthful education which in them has been neg
lected. - .' - ; v> v;
"Any man who has^ fought with the Ti
ger in 'New York, as. Roosevelt has "re
marked the observer of events and things
"doesn't ; fear < a. - cinnamon • bear - or a few
Colorado lions."— Yonkers Statesman. . <
l "Old Grouch" went' to • the masquerade
the, other night disguised as a bear." - •-
:.;"Dld any one recognize him?": *
" ; ."Nobody hut his wife."— Brooklyn Eaele^
It was with the utmost caution that the
fox crossed the - highway. ; - ¦ -.
"You \ see," he explained, "there ¦ Is a
hunting dub of ? the sweliest kind in this
.vicinity," and I smell so extremely, like an
anise bag that I have to be very careful
indeed '."—Puck.
- "I'm thinking about that lodger . of
ours.", the landlord remarked to his wife. * .
•'About what?" ', .-.- ... ,-¦ ¦ ;
: "He pays his rent so regularly I- think
I'd better raise it on him."— Philadelphia
Times. «ig«g»flWMMmnnaaafai«M«i
Briggs— I hear, you have been operating
in Wall street.
Grig-gs— A great mistake. I have '.been
operated ' upon.— Harper's Bazar. '
- "The easiest way, to get Into society Is
to marry, for money." • ¦»»
"But suppose a" fellow is in and wants
to get out?" :
"Then marry for love."— Smart Set.
Simmons— He says he met hig wif ei\bjr
accident.' . -. ¦ ¦ : ¦¦'"-•
Jlmxnons— I hope he was carrying an ac
cident policy at the time. — Smart Set.
"Jimmy," exclaimed the first* boy,
"teacher jumped on you pretty quick.
Yanked ¦ you up and walloped you : like
lightning, didn't he?"
"No," replied • the other boy ruefully,
"not like lightning. He bit me too often
in the same place." 1
CA1IF0BNTA1TS IN .WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.— G. W. Hinkel
and • wife of San Francisco are at. the
Metropolitan.
. Industrious correspondents insist for. the - thou
sandth time that the situation in Venezuela is serious.
This never will be until 5 our ; fiery southern '• friends
have been so ; soundly thrashed that /from necessity if
not choice" they; will behave themselves.
China after all is mistress of the situation in which
she is involved with the powers. She. says that the
foreign Governments may cut off the heads of some
of her generals, but they must not be "the heads of
capable generals. She may. need -them later herself.
William Jennings Bryan says that he is opposed to
a six years' term for President of the United States.
One would think that the American people had been
sufficiently emphatic in their opinion of him to, make'
a discussion of the Presidency by him 'an extremely
indelicate affair.
The United States insists that Cuba shall remain
the ward of this Government in order that the hot
heads of the island shall not get us into trouble with
our friends. This seems to be one of the cases where
we have caught a prize, cannot give it away and dare
not throw it away. .
NEW YORK, Feb. 1.— The following
Californians are In New York: From San
Francisco — W. Graham, at Holland; M.
Kohn, at Herald. Square; Miss Mack, A.
Mack and wife, at Savoy; J. C. Wormser
and wife, at St. Cloud; Miss Flood, I*
Sloss Jr., at Holland; J. Colman, at Her
ald Square; "VV. F. Holden, at Imperial;
J. S. Dodge, L. Eloesaer, at Belvedere;
H. B. Sadler, H. Kohn, at Herald Square.
From Oakland— Dr. Adams, at Grand.
CAXIFOBNIANS EN" NEW YORK.
bearing trees than any other equal area in the world,
and these trees are either the largest in dimensions or
bear the largest cones that the earth has produced.
The cone-bearing trees of the Pacific Slope number
fourteen genera, or families, comprising seventy spe
cies or kinds of trees, and thirteen genera with forty
species are in California. Of these twenty-seven are
pines, two larches, five spruces, two hemlock spruces,
two false hemlock spruces, ten firs, two redwoods,
two American cedars, seven cypresses, nine junipers
and two yews.
Our sugar, yellow and Jeffrey pines are the largest
trees of that family; no foreign pines attain half'their
dimensions. Two of our spruces, the Douglass and
the tideland spruce of the north coast, are the largest
and most valuable of their kind in the world. Five of
our firs, the red bar%, the white bark, the Shasta, the
Grand and the Noble, are three times as large as any
Eastern or foreign firs. Nowhere on the planet are
any trees approaching in size our two redwoods.
By way of comparison, to demonstrate the richness
of our forest endowment, Professor Lemmon puts the
Ecstern continent, Europe and'Asia, alongside. That
continent is 9000 miles across, while ours is only 3000.-
But of the eighty species of pines the Eastern conti
nent has only twenty while we have sixty. Our. part
of the continent from the Rocky Mountains to the
Pacific, 1000 miles, has ' forty of the sixty American
kmds^and of these California has twenty, or, as many'
Zi. the whole Eastern continent If the distribution
were equal, and the Eastern continent had sixty and
America twenty, the Pacific Slope would be entitled
to six kinds, and California would be entitled to one
spe r ic£ instead of twenty.
Professor Lemmon's valuable monograph" describes
the migration of our.trees and their return to the con-'
ditions which favor their West development. His work
THIS continent had the greatest forest endow-*
ment in the world, and its richest part wai
planted in this Northwestern portion. The
natural conditions for this sumptuous growth are sup
plied by the Japan current, distributing heat and
moisture, and the trade winds from the Pacific, which
aid the effects of the warm current, practically supply
ing transportation.
Professor Lemmon, the botanist and dendrologist.
in a recent monograph upon this subject, says that
these Northwestern forests possess more kinds or
species of s resinous wooded, needle-leaved, cone-
flMERlCflN FORESTS
Postmaster Thomas Fox of Sacramento
is at the Lick.
-."W. W. Chapln, a Sacramento merchant,
is at the Palace.
Dr. J. W. Clark and wife of Santa Rosa
are at the Grand.
Dr.; Ernest Crutcher of Great Falls,
Mont., Is a late arrival at the Grand.
Willis Pike, a Fresno fruit man, is
spending a day or two at ithe Grand.
Alexander. Brown of the State Board of
Equalization Is registered at the Lick.
Carl E. Lindsay, City Attorney at Santa
Cruz, is a late arrival at the California.
Louis Aubury. a mining engineer from
Los Angeles, Is registered at the Grand. .
Dr. and Mrs. Thomas Flint of San Juan
are among: yesterday's arrivals at the
Palace.
Colonel John T. Harrington of Colusa,
a member of Governor Gag'e's staff, Is at
the Palace.
W. H. Atkinson and wife of Napa are
at the California. Mr. Atkinson Is a
prominent fruit grower.
M. . H. "Walker, a prominent Salt Lake
banker, accompanied by his wife, arrived
at the Occidental last evening.
Rev. Alex Mackintosh and wife are. at
the Occidental, having just returned from
a trip around the world. Mr. Mackintosh
is pastor of a Honolulu church.
Mrs. G. M. King, proprietress of the
Kossland Hotel, accompanied by Miss M.
Johns, have taken apartments at the Cali
fornia for the balance of the winter. '„._.''
S. W. Eckels, formerly general agent
of the Union Pacific here and recently
traffic manager of the Oregon Short Une
at Salt Lake City, has been ! appointed
traffic manager of the American Smelting
and Refining Company. Mr. Eckels has
many friendi on the Pacific Coast.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. Stebbins says that he has had considerable ex
perience in this line of affairs, and he has been again
and again impressed with the almost barbaric wrong
that is perpetrated under the present law. An estate
in his care was wrested from him -through a sheer
technical construction of the existing statute, and he
was mulcted in $4000 expenses where in his own care
$400 would have sufficed. Moved by this sense of
injustice Dr. Stebbins exclaims: "We applaud, the
benefactors of society, the founders of charities,
schools and colleges; but no benefaction, charity or
school can diffuse the good that a wise and just law
confers."
A distinguished minister of the Gospel, the Rev.
Horatio Stebbins, in commending the bills now before
the Legislature, writes that he' feels "it will not be
out of place to express my earnest, unselfish hope that
the bills will become law."
. It is literally another terror added to death for a
poor widow with a mite of property, some little home-
Stead, a lot and cabin, perhaps, to be compelled to
go into the funereal forum to be fleeced by the taxes
of that tribunal which could be cut short by an act ot
legislation. The waste of small properties in this way
is to be deplored, but it can be corrected in the man
ner indicated. We allude to small estates particu
larly, because the wealthy can usually protect them
selves; but the poor are mostly at the mercy of legal
sharks.
/~* ERTAIN bills have been introduced into the
( Legislature designed to lessen the cost of- pro-.
ceedings in probate. This is a praiseworthy
purpose, and these projects ought to be considered
carefully by the legislators^ the interest of the poor
people who are necessitated to have recourse to the
courts. Many of these matters inflict hardship upon
women and children already sorely tried by the loss of
their bread-winner, and it seems cruel to add to their
agony, already acute enough, by taking from their
mouths their morsel of meat and bestowing it upon
the probate parasites. ~y>> -.-';
PROBATE REFORMS.
It is rather disquieting to observe that so far dur
ing the investigation responsibility has been passed
down the line, the Commissioners Having volubly dis
avowed responsibility, only to pass it to the secretary,
who passes it on -to a subordinate, who passes it, in an
indefinite manner, to the vouchers. This leaves no
cne to vouch for the vouchers, so that it seems now
improbable that there will be any really useful result
At Paris last year was an unofficial exhibit, in the
collection, packing, transporting and installing of
which the State Board of Trade was again concerned.
It was shown as an ensemble exhibit, all together,
and was highly approved by the Californians who saw
it. We suppose that its cost can be ascertained, and
with it and the Hamburg data some idea of the cost
of such work can be' reached for the purpose of com
parison-
The people can easily secure certain data that will
enable them to reach a conclusion as to the kind of
service rendered by the commission. The State in
stalled en exhibit at the Hamburg food show, a few
years ago, which was managed by the State Board oi
Trade. It was immediately productive of trade or
ders and resulted in the export of many hundreds of
carloads of our dried and tinned fruit, producing a
large profit for our producers and canners and driers,
and the whole cost of the exhibit was less than $6ooo.
All these things are unfortunate, but they empha
size the need of investigation of the matter. There
will be other great expositions, and California will
want to be present. A complete statement of the
facts connected with her official representation at this
one will inform and admonish the people usefully
when they seek. again to exhibit our resources
abroad. . ' • -
What is needed is not a ground plan and front ele
vation of the drunks and carousals indulged in at
Faris, but a statement of account showing how much
of the people's money went for the collecting, trans
porting, installing and explanation of the State's ex
hibit. Then will appear how much of the appropria
tion went into entertainment and the enjoyment of
personal pleasures. When this purely business mat
ttr is gone into by the committee it should not be
sidetracked by personal slanders about wine
bibbing and wine-stealing, nor pleasant tales about
great winnings at cards, nor even lurid reports of per
sonal enconnters. "
We think such an attitude unjustifiable. A large
sum of money, belonging to the taxpayers of this
State, has been spent. Citizens of California, inter
ested and disinterested, who visited the exposition,
have reported, with practical unanimity, that the
State's official exhibit did not exhibit, that it was lost
in the shuffle. The Commissioners themselves have
made admissions about the awarding of medals which
destroy the awards as an expression of judgment as
to merit and excellence.
Some of the persons concerned have treated the in
vestigation as a personal insult
AS the investigation of the Paris Commission
proceeds the necessity for it seems to unfold
like a phonographic record that has been made
in a mixture of sounds coming from Bedlam, Bil
lingsgate and the old Jardin Mabille.
THE PARIS COMMISSION.
THIRTY PRODIGAL SONS IN STOCK.
In a little shop at Port Said an Englishman has Btarted one of the most
curious businesses in the world. He has an immense stock of colored pictures
of all sizes. Illustrating the events recorded in the Bible. The figures In these :
pictures are of all nationalities, from the pigtalled Chinee to the nesro of
Central Africa, f&ii
One subject— the return of the prodigal son— is drawn In over thirty differ
ent ways. In one picture the figures are almond-eyed Chinamen, in other
South Sea Islanders. Hindoos Samoans, Malays, Dyaks and other races in
all parts of the world.
In one picture, which is Intended to represent the miraculous draught of
fishes, the disciples are shown In a Chinese junk, which Is so loaded with fish
that it seems In great danger of being swamped. These pictures are produced
for missionaries, and are sold in enormous numbers.
It i3 difficult to make a native take any Interest In people who are of an
altogether different race, but he shows a lively interest in a drawing of a
man of his own type. The missionaries show him these pictures, his atten
tion is caught, ahd he soon learns the meaning. The Englishman who sup
plies these colored nrlnts has sold Immense numbers, and they have been car
ried to the ends of the earth. They caan be bought aj all prices, from 6 cents
a. dozen to 30 cents each, and tho sales average from 70,000 to 100,000 every
year.— Cincinnati Enauirer. •
npHE Sulu Sultan's flag, sent to the
1 War Department by Major Sweet, is.
* . made of ' black, white and red calico,
with a white ruffled border, givingr it the
appearance of some article of underwear
as it hangs over the back of a chair in
General Corbin's offlce at the "War De
partment. Its red ground is ornamented,
says the New; York Tribune, • with two
typical Moro weapons, a kreese and a
spear, and the square black field bears
five white stars.
Major Sweet, In his letter accompanying
the gift, describes It as the flag of the
SATURDAY. .FEBRUARY 2, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Atftrcss All ComBBBieatiens to W. 8. LEAEE, X&sagtr.
H^XACnK'S OFFICE. ...... .T»l* phone Pwm »»«
. 1'LULICATJOX OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone PreM 201.
EDITORIAL ROOM!* 21T to 221 SttTfn.on St.
Telephone Press 203. .
DcIlroKA •¦? T*rrtrr>. IB C+wtm Per Weefc.
fUitKle Copfra. B-Cent*.
Term- by Mali. Ineludtntr Poatajrei
DAH.T CALT, fl&ctadteir Fundar), ect r«r .........W.W
!un,T CALt> r!ncta£!ng Fur»<J«r>. * month*. .................. t.M
DAILY CALL flm-Jodlnr Siindtrt. * montija. ................. l.M
DAILT CAlJLr-Br Elntfe Mcstto Cle
SUNDAY CALL. On* T«*r I.»
WEEKX.T CALL. Os* Year • *•*
AJl potlmnten are nntfeorfsed <• rreelv*
. anbKCriptlon*.
t&mpl* copies fill bt forwarded -rtro requested.
U»l! rcb«ert*»r» In crflertnr ehanr».of mMr*** «h<rald >*
fwrtleclar to »)»• both NEW A_NT> OLD ADDRESS !n order
to jncor* a rrercpt and correct compliant:* with their reqant.
OAJC1,A.\D OFFICC.... .'...1113 Broadway
: ' , ' .- *
C. GEORGE KROGXBSS.
Ktr&rir fcreigi Ainruifo;, KtrqwtU Bcllilng, CiLcigo,
clock pittance Trltpbon* "Central UVL"}
KEW ' TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CABLTOSf............. Herald Souare
XEW YORK; REPRESENTATIVE:
tTEPBEK II. S9UTU ..8u Tribune Bntldtac
KEW YORK NEWS 6TANDa:
WeJAorNAJrtcrla Bold; A. Brrct&oo, B tJnlca Sonar*:
Kanw Effl HotaL
. CHICAGO HEWS 8TAKD8:
Eberm&s Bben: P. 0. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
rrraao&t Hobm: Auditorium Hotel. r T ~ . "\- .
WASHnr.TOt fD. C.) OFFICE. . .-.140ft G St« 71. W.
UOIITOX V. CRA5E. Correspondent.
OlUICn OFFICES*- O7 Montgomery, wrwr vt Clay, otxw
cstn »:t? o- clock. K» Hayes. - open- until »:*> o'clock. •»
ifcAUltter. cpea nctll I :W o'clock. RS Larkin. open until
• :Z0 o'clock. 1141 V.tt icn. cpen until 10 o'clock. SSI llarkst.
corner Sixteenth, open until • o'clock. 1CM Valencia. op«a
¦BtU » o'clock. IOC Eleventh, cpen until * o'clock. NW. oor
e*r Twentr-aecocd and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Verdi's Work Immortal.
The death of Giuseppe Verdi removes
the world's greatest living composer. The
man is dead. "II Trovatore." "La. Tra
viata.'V'Aida" and a host of other com
positions will never die.— Boston Journal.
Hoar's Epigram on Davis.
Speaking of the wit of the late Senator
Davis, Senator Hoar uttered an epigTam
which deserves to be remembered. "No
spark from him," said Senator Hoar, "was
ever a cinder In the eye of his friend."—
St. Loula Star.
Knows When to Speak.
To the credit of the Prince of "Wales,
who is now the King, he was never
known to exercise his jaw touching mat
ters that Interested the nation over which
his mother officiated as Queen. As King.
if he can continue 1 to hold his Jaw. Just
in that proportion will his reign pro-**
successful.— St. Louis Star.
Russia's Good Sense.
Russia's announcement that she will not
tax the American holders of her bonds is
a plain bid to secure for Russian bonds
the preference over those of the British
exchequer. This rivalry may yet Induce
the Briton to announce that he will not
undertake to Impose the hated Income tax
on the free American capitalist.—Pltts
burg Dispatch.
The Problem of France.
France is again asked to solve the prob
lem of decline in population. One of her
legislators has prepared a bill providing
for the taxation of bachelors and spinsters
at a graduated rate, and although the
proposition is received -with much amuse
ment. It may possibly receive votea
enough to become law. It Is In lino with
other remedies tried in that country, such
as prizes for large families, greater toler
ation In the matter of remarriage of dl
vorced persons, and so on.— Deseret News*.
One of Britain's Weaknesses.
The weak point of the British- cavalry
service was illustrated the other day 'when
out of thirty cadetshiDS offered eleven
were left behind unfilled, only nineteen can
didates having passed. The reason Is to bo
sought in the fact that the cavalry rest-,
ments are "swell" and therefor© so expen
sive that. 'they have to be recruited from
a limited class. The natural result Is thac
while- the army has not shown any super
abundance of brains in South Africa tha
cavalry Is reputed to- have even less than
its proper share.— Springfield Republican.
Mister Nation's Apathy.
It appears that Mrs. Helen IX Nation,
the woman who Is carrying a hatchet
from one Kansas town to another and
smashing saloon windows with it. has
been twice married. Mr. Nation Is her sec
ond love, and from trustworthy sources
we get reports to the effect that he la not
in sympathy with the lady in her present
operations— at least not heart, and soul.
Taking all tho facts of the case Into con
sideration, we are surprised at the gentle
man's apathy. From the Atchison Daily
Globe we learn that Mrs. Nation's first
husband was a drunkard. Our contem
porary adds that he was probably driven
to drink, but we shall not Jump at conclu
sions in that direction. He may have had
troubles that he wished to drown In the
flowing: bowl,, and then again it is possible
that he was a drunkard merely because
he found It easy to wobble from the paths
of decency. • Be that as it may. we are
given to understand that Mrs. Nation is
now endeavorinp tjo have revenge for her
first husband's fallings. Because he went
down to a. drunkard's crave, .leaving her
¦wretched and alone, she proposes, with,
her hatchet and her finger nails, to put a
stop to the saloon business. This may bo
praiseworthy on her part. The grogshop la
an unworthy institution, and we hope the
day is not far distant when it will be onlv
a shameful memory. But is Mrs. Nation's
motive a worthy one? Is a mad desire for
vengeance to be praised, even when It
may accomplish that which shall' be of
public benefit?. We leave thl3 to b« set
tled by the exponents of the higher eth
ics and the representatives of the more
advanced thought. It Is Inconceivable,
though, why Mr. Nation does not Join his
wife In her crusade. If she has b«?er\
wronged by the saloon-keepers it would
seem that he has been doubly offended, by
them. If the lady's first husband had nor
been killed by strong drink Mr. Nation
might to-day be — but It is unprofitable to
speculate, -after the Irrevocable has hap
pened, upon what might have been. W«
can only wonder in silence at Mr. Na
tion's disinclination to go for the saloons
with an ax. — Chicago Times-Herald.
SULU SULTAN'S FLAG
IS MADE OF CALICO
Looks Like an Article of Underwear, but Is Full of
Meaning.*
Our people have done fairly well without a State
inspector of oils with "a suitable number" of depu
ties, and it can continue to do so. There are doubt
less many things that California needs, but more
office-holders and taxeaters are not among them.
Many other objections- to the measure might bs
pointed out, but it is unnecessary to do so. The vital
objection is that California has already too many
officials. It would be better business and better poli
tics for the Legislature to diminish the number of
State officials and commissions than to increase them.
There are many .objections to the measure. In the
first place a man capable of rightly fulfilling the duties
required would be worth more than $1500 a year. In
the second place the right of appointing a suitable
number of deputies is not a proper one to confer on
a man working at a political job for $1500 a year. In
the third place the standard fixed for illuminating oil
is too high, being in excess of that established in
Pennsylvania. . \
The inspectors are to have authority to enter the
premises* of all manufacturers or dealers in oils, for
the purpose of inspection. They are required to reject
for illuminating purposes all oils which will emit a cdm
bustible vapor at a temperature of 120 degrees Fahren
heit. They are to collect 13 cents for each barrel, cask
o- package containing not exceeding fifty-five gallons,
and at the same proportionate rate for any excess over
that quantity. The money collected by the deputies'i.5
to be turned over to the State inspector, and the
State inspector is to render '/to the Board of State
Auditors quarterly a detailed account of all receipts
and. disbursements of his office to be audited and
allowed "by them if found correct, and 'if at the end of
the year there be any surplus it shall be paid into the
State treasury."
The proper thing for the Legislature to do with the
bill is to promptly kill it.
SENATOR CURRIER has introduced a bill pro
viding for the appointment of a State inspector
.of illuminating oils manufactured from'-; petro
leum or coal oils. The inspector is to have an annual
saJary of $1500 and "such further sum as he may ac
tually and necessarily expend in traveling expenses
?nd prosecutions incurred in discharge of .his duties."
He is authorized to' appoint "a suitable number of
deputies," and each deputy inspector "shall be entitled
to a salary payable monthly, the amount of sucti sal
ary to bg determined by the number of casks, bar
rels and packages actually -inspected during the
month. * * ? provided that in no case shall such
Inspector receive more than $100 as such salary."
This State should "do all that public : authority can
do, supplementing the efforts of the Federal Govern
ment, to secure the proper harvesting of. ripe timber
and preserve the coming crop. We protect the crop
of fish' grown in the waters' of the State and the witd
game of the land. Why let the crop of trees perish
in the fire or be exterminated by careless lumbering?
Why not a close season for the forests as well as
for the fish? . : , ...-.-¦
e PROPOSED OIL INSPECTOR.
is one of the. greatest value to all who are interested
in forest products and who are forking to make our
forests permanent. >/ kT;
The missionary effort spent abroad would be better
invested at hdme. The Chinese who said to an Amer
ican missionary, "What for you want me in your
heaven and not in ( your country?" uttered the philos
ophy of the situation. We don't want the Chinese
among us, and it will be -just as well to omit mission
ary aggressions among them.
A Foreign Minister to Peking from one of the great^
powers has said much privately about the lack of dis-
Cittion shown by the missionaries. In one case in
which large indemnity was forced out of China he
said the trouble had a trivial beginning. Some Chi
nese children, playing near the missionary compound,
threw some sticks and stones against the stockade.
One of the missionaries ran out, seized a Chinese
child, dragged it inside and locked the gate. Tha
playmates of the little prisoner ran off c-ying and told
his parents. When they came and demanded their
child the missionaries refused to release him. Then
happened what was to have been expected — the whole
town rose in a mob, tore down the compound wall,
recovered the child and wrecked the buildings, just
ar a white mob would do in this city if a white child
were kidnaped and locked in the joss house on Jack
son street. The only difference would be that hern
a dozen Chinese would be killed in as many minutes.
The Government concerned compelled China to pay
large indemnity, when justice required that the whole
missionary party be punished for the original aggres
sion.
a merchant, but of a missionary. It was the presence
of German- missionaries in the interior, by virtue of a
missionary forgery in the treaty, that gave the Kaiser
the pretext for stealing a port and part of a sci
province. Naturally theft has followed forgery.
Our correspondent puts the blame on the commer
cial classes. This is true only in one respect The
building of railroads is offensive in China,, because
it violates tombs. We are not aware that Western
merchants have ever caused any trouble. The pretext
for Germany's seizure of Kiaochau was not the act of
We do not intend any attack on the missionary
spirit or Christian faith, but we insist that it does not
become Christendom to talk so much and so long and
so loudly about the dcceitfulness of Chinese dip
lomacy and the lyincj of Li Hung Chang. If their
diplomacy is crafty, who taught them its deceptions?
If they lie in national matters, whose example do they
We think that Bishop Potter is right. The Chinese
have had a mistranslation of Christianity.
Every bit of evidence and every circumstance of the
transaction goes to support the belief that the Chinese
trusted to Christian honor in the matter, and trusted
in vain.
Our correspondent says the Chinese Commissioners
signed the treaty with that clause in," and goes so far
as to say that they knew it. There is no evidence
that they knew it. Indeed the evidence is all the other
way. ¦¦ They supposed they were signing a Chinese
copy of the French text. The missionary clause did
not appear in the French copy at all. The English
newspapers in Shanghai and Hongkong affirm that
the existence of the 'forged clause was unknown to
the Chinese signato-ies. The very intelligent native
press of Japan, with an intimate knowledge of the*
facts, declares that the existence of the forged clause
was unknown until the French missionaries, accom
plices of the forger, claimed the rights it protected
and referred to it as their authority for entering the
interior. . .
The treaty had been negotiated 1 in the usual man
ner. Its terms and details had been discussed and
agreed to. The Chinese diplomats read French, the
language of diplomacy. The protocol and draft of the
treaty were in that language and were perfectly under-
Stood by the representatives of China. There was no
missionary clause in the treaty, nor had the subject
entered into any of the discussions between the Com
missioners. By consent of all parties the treaty, as
agreed upon, in the French language, was given to a
French missionary to translate into Chinese. The
scoundrel knew that he was expected to render the
French text into Chinese text. He knew the nature
of the crime he committed by interpolating a forgery
into the text. He knew that it was a crime greater
than the breach of trust and betrayal of confidence
of which he was guilty in committing it. :
r\ CORRESPONDENT has admitted the truth
l~\ of our statement that the missionary clause in
• * the Franco-Chinese treaty of i860 was a forgery.
True, he objects to the use of that term, but we pre
fer it, for no other describes the ac.t as well.
THE FORGED TREATY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY FEBRUARY 2, l?Ol"
Mohammedans of the Sulu Archipelago,
and each feature of it is symbolical. The
first star represents religious knowledge,
the second star prayers, the third star in
dulgence money, the fourth star titles and
the fifth star pilgrimage to Mecca. The
centerstar contains Arabic letters in black,
announcing the fact that the banner is
tho flag of the Sultan, viz., Basllan. Jolo,
the Slassl group, the Tawl Tawl group
and Borneo and Palawan (Paragua). The
red ground of the flag represents the sub
jects of the Sultan,, the Moro weapons
strength and war.
laxd in Washington— B.. Occi
dental, Cal. The taking up of a home
stead in the State of Washington is gov
erned by the Federal land law, which la
the same /there as in any otner State
where lands maybe settled upon. * «
THE LOWEST POINT-Subscrlber
Grass Valley, Cal. The lowest tempera
ture; in San Francisco in the past twentv
years -was on February 6. 18S3, when the
thermometer In the weather bureau reg
istered 28 degrees. • '
THE CLAY STREET LINE— T. O. M
City. The.orlgrinal Clay street line of ca
ble cars were first operated on the morn
ine of the 1st of August? 1873. The. line
was from Kearny street to Leavenworth
The line was extended from Leavenworth
9treet to Van Ness avenue In November.
FOREIGN MAGAZINE— L. R. J., Oak
land, Cal. The magazine asked about Is
published originally In the city of London
Duplicates of the plates used there are
shipped to New York and from these tha
magazine Is printed tlrere. This is done to
save the cost of transportation of a large
amount of printed matter.
BALLOON CARS— L. C. S., City. Bal
loon cars that were designed by the late
Henry Casebolt, who was the promoter of
the Sutter street line of cars, were first
operated in San Francisco in 1873. The
lines over which they were operated were
Bush and Polk to Union and Octavia
streets, and from Sutter and Larkin
streets to Mission, and out that street to
Woodward's Garden, between Thirteenth
and Fourteenth streets.
ROCKEFELLER-G. D., Hamburg Cal
The residence of John D. Rockefeller is
in A'ew oYrk City, 4 Fifty-fourth street.
ANSWERSJTO QUERIES.
6
A CHANCE TO «-m"tt.t'
AMUSEMEUTS.
Alhambra— "Sboctir.sr the Chute*."
Alcazar— "All the Comfort* of Home."
Columbia — "A Midsummer Xlght'a Dream."
Ttvoll — "The Fencizie Master."
Ontr»J Theatrr — "A Celebrated Case."
Calif6rnia— "Becky Sharp."
Or; heuni— Vaudeville.
" Grand Opera-house — "Arrah-na-Pogue."
Olymola. corner Mams and EdCy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Tiieater — Vaudeville every afternoon, and
ever.!n*.
Flecher' s— Vaudf vllle.
Metrcj-Iitan TemDle— HenscheJ Recitals. Tue»day. Feb. 5. '
Metropolitan Temple — Lecture by Rev. Peter C. Torfce.
Thursday evening, February J. • • .' ;.
Tanforan Park— Races to-day.
Mrs. TVygatt— Every one who knows her
says that Mrs. Loveland is a two-face-J
woman.
Mrs. Hyatt— No disputing 1 It. That fat
double chin of hers is proof enough.— Den-
ver News.
"I believe oar baby Is Intoxicated." re-
marked the proud papa.
"Why. what do you mean?" demanded
the fond mother.
"He seems to be full of high bawla." ex-
plained the prqud papa, whose knowledge
of acoustics was thus shown to. be equal
to his Information as to Intoxicants.— Bal-
timore American.
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
Best eyeglasses, specs. 15c to 40c Look
out for 81 4th. front of barber and grocery.*
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for eastern friends
639 Market street. Palace Hotel bundle*. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press CUpping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
1 THE SUNDAY CALL I
DUKE AND DUCHESS OF
MANCH ESTER AS
ll THFV APF 11
JHE 1 11CY AKC. *| DOES /THE
CORONATION WHAT TWENTIETH
OF IS FAITH? CENTURY
ENGLAND'S b t ebv. samuel slocombe qj 8l
KIKQS LANDSCAPE *& A
AND QUEENS PHOTOGRAPHY. CHAPERON?
— — J| , By R. J. WATERS. '
AMATEURS ON THE STAGE. I
By HARRY CORSON CLARKE
QUtEN '-VICTORIA'S PREMO- A FEW OF CALIFORNIA'S
NltlON OF DEATH. PRETTY GIRLS.
PECK'S BAD BOY AND THE GROCERYMAN BEHIND
THE SCENES AT 1 HE PIKOCHLE THEATER.
MR; BOWSER ON TRANS- BOOKS, FICTION, HUMAN
MIGRATION OF SOliLSi INTEREST STORIES.Sun, Moon, and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times . and ¦ Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance - to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five nil nut as later than : at Fort • Point; the
height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 2.
Bun rises ......7:14
Sun seta 5:34
Moon ' sets . — ..«. 6:09 a. m.
The Supervisors" Judiciary Committee
met yesterday and referred to the City
Attorney for bis opinion the matter, of the
power of the board to pass the proposed
ordinance transferrlm? a lot of land ad
joining the Olrla* Hisrh School to- the State
for the purpose of erecting thereon a
normal school.
Site for Normal School.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. ; N., Mer
chants' •¦ Exchange, San - Francisco, Cal.,
February. 1... 1901. .
The time ball on the tower, of the new Ferry
building was droppeil at. exactly noon to-day—
V e.; at 5 noon ' of the < 120th <. meridian, or . at S
o'clock p.': m., Greenwich, time.;'
•-•¦. \ .-: • T'-.-*rv -; ..-¦ C. G.' CALKINS. , ¦';
- Lieutenant Commander, : U. 9. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
NOTE— In . the above exposl tion of tho tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides . of . th6
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day. the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there. are but three
tides." as »ometimes occurs. The heighttf given
nro In ' addition to the soundings on the United
States • Coast Survey, charts, except when a
minus sign, (—) precedes the height, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given' by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Thursday, January 31.
Schr Abbie, Petterson, CO hours from Coos
Bay.
Schr Gem, Olien, 8% days from Coos Bay.
Schr Sailor Boy, Nilsen, 8 days from Grays
Harbor.
Friday. . February 1.
Br etmr Doric, Smith, 27 days 2 hours 50
mln from Hongkong, via Yokohama 16 days 27
hours 39 inin, via Honolulu 6 days 6 hours
30 min.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett. 33 hours from
Ventura. * > - ,.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, 32 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Lmatllla, Cousins, E9H hours from Vic
toria and Pusret Sound ports.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, -60 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen, 10 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours from Fort
Brass.
Stmr Samoa, HlBplns. 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Argo, Olsen, 54 hours from Coqullle
River. , .
Stmr Rainier, Hanson. 81 hours from New
Whatcotn.
Schr Melancthon. Olsen, 3V4 days from Co
lumbia River. -•¦'¦¦-¦
Schr Newark, Beck. 14 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 15 hours from
Flshermana Bay.
Schr Sparrow, Dart, 49 hours from Eureka.
CLEARED.
Friday, February 1.
Etmr China. Seabury, .Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu; Pacific Mail S S Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. '
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon R R
& S S Co.
- Br ' stmr - Bristol, Mclntyre, Chemalnus; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co. ¦
Br stmr Condor, Anderson, Callao, via Port
land; W R Grace & Co.
Br ship Springbank, Boyfi. Liverpool; O W
McNear.
Schr Fearless. Llljequlat, Guaymas; . E K
Wood Lumber Co. •¦• ¦¦: «
SAILED. .
: ,;* Friday, February L
Etmr Corona, Blelow, San Pedro. .
• Stmr Corona, Olelow, San Pedro.
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs. . ,
Stmr China, Seabury, Hongkong, etc.
9tmr Navarro, Hanson. .
US stmr Lawton, Magune, Manila.
Xor stmr Hero, Syvertsen, I St Vincent.
Schr Dora Bluhm. Seymour, Kahulul.
Schr Chas It Wilson, Johnson, Grays Har
bor. - • ". ¦'¦¦ ' t ¦• . • ¦¦:.¦/¦.
Schr Archie and Fontie. Johansen, .
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, .Ventura, in
tow of tus Rescue. ¦ -: ~
KETORNED. • ; ; ¦' '
!.;." Friday. February 1.
Schr Lily ' Bottger, hence Jan 29, for Ump
qua, on account of carrying away foremast
.head on Jan 31, 5p m.'30 miles west of Point
Arena, In-strong NW gale. , -.-., .
;;¦¦'• TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS.V Feb 1, 10 ; p m-Weather
clear; wind NW, velocity . 8 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
CALLAO— Arrived Jan 81— Chil bark Altcar.
from New Whatcotn. and reports on Oct 20 en
countored heavy etorm and had^ to Jettison
deck lead. . . i- V - . '* - '
,¦•.-,;¦; DOMESTIC PORTS. .. ;
BANDON— Sailed Feb 1— Schr Corinthian, for
San ¦ Francisco, f -¦¦-¦- -.-. • • - .„• ..;¦;.¦
SEATTLE— Arrived Feb 1—Br stmr Duke of
Fife, from Hongkong; stmr Jeanie, hence Jan
uary 27. ¦¦¦.¦¦¦¦ -'. : ¦•-' . ¦' • '.••••
:', Arrived Feb'l—Stmrs City of Topeka and
Dolphin.- from ¦ Alaska. '¦ •-- -¦ •
, GRAYS HARBOR- Sailed Feb 1— Stmr Laura
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Exports . of Lumber.
Shipments of lumber from San Francisco by
sea "during January were '1,801, 313 feet, 539S
pes, against 761,000 feet during January, 1900.
Exports of Salmon.
Exports ot Salmon from this port for the
month of January were 86,291. cs, 1031 bbls, 26
pkgs, agrainst 32,2^6 cs, 1176 pkgti during Jan
uary, 1S00.
The Produce Exchange call board sales of
wheat for the month of January were 49,300
tons, raakrne a total since July 1, 1900, of
610,000 tens; the Bales of barley during Jan
uary amounted to 3500 tons, and since July 1.
1900. to 63,000 tons.
Produce Exchange Call Board Sales.
Shipments of :Wheatl.- '
The Norwegian steamer Hero sailed yester-"
The Mermaid loads lumber at : Vancoui-er for
Callao; the Westminster, 'wheat at this port
for St. Vincent, for orders, "37s 6d.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters . of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Pacific Mail Company's . China
sailed for the Orient yesterday.' She car
ries a large passenger list and about 3000
tons of general cargo." Among those who
went out In the cabin were Captain C. F.
Stockton, who Is en route to Manila,
The transport Lawton sailed for Ma
nila yesterday. 'Among those who went
out' on her was Major W. W. Robinson
of Seattle, who has been appointed to
succeed Major Ruhlen as depot ' quarter
master at Honolulu. .
The Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship , Company's Doric arrived "from
China, Japan and Hawaii ahead of time.
She did not get in before sundown and
in consequence had to go into quarantine.
She will be released, to-day and her
passengers and mail landed.
The steamer Mexico went to Martinez
yesterday, where sho will be laid up until
the Pacific Coast- Steamship Company
again raises the rates to Mexican ports.
Reinsurance on the overdue ships Ber
tha and Cape Wrath advanced 5 per cent
yesterday. The Machrihanish and Ard
namurchan were wiped off the boards.
Thursday the underwriters were offering
45 per cent. Yesterday they would not
pay a cent. The salmon and cases washed
ashore up the coast all had barnacles on
them ; so they must have come from a
wreck of long ago and not from the ves
sels named. «;?¦;: -
Water Front Notes.
The schooner Lily left here for Ump
qua yesterday, but was caught outside
the heads in the storm. Her foremast
went by the board and Captain Bottger
had to run before the gale In order to
save the mainmaBt. After some maneu
vering the schooner made port again last
night and will be laid up for repairs.
The big. barge Eastside was tied up at
the seawall preparatory to discharging
a big consignment of wheat xhat had
come down the San Joaquln RivtT. When
the gale struck her she began to bump
heavily, and soon many piles 'iad been
knocked out of the State property and
about 250 tons of wheat had gone over
board from the barge. The tug- Liberty
took the Eastside, which was stove In, to
the mud flats.
Some Minor Accidents.
Jacob Englund, a deckhand on the bay
schooner Harry, lost his life during the
norther. The vessel left Mission-street
wharf about 3:30 t>. m. for Vallejo with
a cargo of coal. When off Lombard-street
wharf the norther came down and the
sudden shift of wind caused the main
boom to swing over, knocking Englund
overboard. Captain . Drysdorff at «once
hove to the schooner and lowered a boat.
The ferry steamer San Rafael also low
ered a boat, but although the search
was kept up for nearly half an hour no
trace of the missing man. could* be found.
Captain Drysdorff finally put about and
came back to San Francisco. Englund
was in the employ of the Piper, Aden,
Goodall Company for years,, and was a
sober, industrious man. Captain Drys
dorff says the .boom swung over so
quickly that It was impossible for Eng
lund tp get out of the way, and that his
heavy sea boots probably took him down.
?— ¦
looses His Life in the Bay.
Old boreas made considerable trouble
at the Union Iron Works Thursday night.
The steamship Kvichak of the Alaska
Packers' Association fleet was tied up at
the wharf, being repaired and overhauled.
She Is only a year old. but the riveting
was not done as well as it might have
been. Ever since the vessel came here
from Portland there has been trouble with
her. and when she got back here from
Karluk on November 28 last It was found
necessary to overhaul her. A week or so
ago she was r.ent to ' the Union Iron
Works, and during the last few days the
work of re-riveting was pushed steadily
ahead. Thursday night found the old riv
ets cut out of one or two of the plate3
just as the 5 o'clock whistle blew. In
stead of stopping to put In the new rivets
the men put in wooden plugs. Intending
to finish the Job In the. morning.
When the norther came up the Kvichak
began to work, and the strain caused
many of the pins to drop out.: Then the
vessel began to fill through the openings
made, and when th& watchman made hi»
escape ashore her -decks were almost
awash. The steamship lies In a comfort
able position, and It will not cost more
than J1500 to pump her out and put her
back at her moorings again. She will
easily be ready to sail for Alaska next
month, and the owners will not be any
thing out by the accident, r «¦
Down at the Unipn Iron Works.
Alaska* Packers' Steamship Goes
THE "norther" that blew up Thurs
day night did considerable dam
age on the bay. It did not last
long, but while It did things
hummed. A barge tied up at the
seawall was etove in and lost about 350
tons of wheat: a coasting; schooner lost
her foremast off the heads and had to
put back for repairs; one of the bay
schooners lost a man overboard, and the
steamer Kvichak was sunk at her moor
ings. All In all, It was a disastrous blow
while It lasted, and the bitter cold which
accompanied the wind added much to tho
discomfort of people on the bay and at
sea.
Quite a fleet of vessels got away Thurs
day, and every one of them must have
been caught in the northerly squall. It
will be lucky if the only dismasted schoon
er heard from is the one that made port
again yesterday.
»
KVICHAK SINKS AT HER DOCK.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
steamer Walla Walla which sailed Thursday
for Victoria carried the following merchandise
valued at 3S96: 137 bxs vegetables, 10 bdls steel
and Iron, 190 bxs oranges, 25 bxs lemons, 2 cs
canned goods, 6 sks sweet potatoes, 300 crs
potatoes.
An Additional Manifest
For Japan— 22 pkgs agricultural implements,
311 cs bicycles and sundries, 6032 lbs butter.
400 bales cotton, 610 bbls flour, 371 pkgs gro
ceries, and provisions. £040 pigs lead, 1040 lbs
lard, 18 pkgs machinery, 2S0O kegs nails, 405
lbs nuts, 38 cs printing ink, 750 .lbs sugar, 4
cs watches, 2S00 cals wine.
- .For Manila— 16 crs bicycles, 18 cs typewriters.
8 cs chewing gum, 200 -cs liquors, 6 bbls 217
cs whisky, 1 safe, 3 pkgs machinery, 117 bxs
lemons, 9000 gals bottled beer, 6500 crs potatoes.
For East Indies— 124 ca salmon, 72 cs canned
fruit, 2 cs hams.
For Vladivostok— 24 pkgs machinery.
The steamer China sailed yesterday for China
and JaDan with a general cargo valued at
J1E7,SS6, manifested as follows: For China,
$69,113; for Japan. $61,095; for Manila. J22.331;
for East Indies, $970; for Vladivostok,' $J77.
The following were the principal shipments:
I .For China— 170 bxa apples, 1X63 lt>a abalone
meat, 133S lbs coffee. 10C csks bottled beer, 706
Its butter, 609 cs canned goods, 5066 tt>» cheese,
2957 ttis codfish, 2625 lbs dried fruit, 4 cs drugs,
Sf)48 bbls flour, S csks 8 tierces ginseng, $23
pkgs groceries and provisions. 8394 Tba ham and
bacon, 40 rolls leather, ' 47,224 Il.s lard, 9 pkgs
machinery, 12 ca 1SS1 lbs mUlstuffs, 1683 lbs
oleomargarine, 10,600 li>s pearl barley, 12 era
paper, 3S cs photo goods, » cs raisins, 1761 lbs
March. 235 cb salmon, S40 bdls snooks, 1200 lbs
tea, 1208 gals wine. ¦ • =
Merchandise for the Orient.
The British ship Springbank cleared yester
day for Liverpool with a general cargo valued
at J203.S39, manifested as follows: 33.610 ctls
wheat, 22.499 ctls barley, 23,203 cs canned sal
mon, 10,481 cs canned fruit, 13.S73 gals grape
brandy, 28.152 lbs cascara sagrada, COO gals
wine, 405,440 fbs orchMlas.
A Cargo for Liverpool.
The British steamer Condor cleared yester
day for Callao via Portland with the follow
in? cargo valued at $15,465: 11,223 ctls wheat,
12S0 bbls flour, 179 cs salmon, 2000 ft lumber
dunnage.
day for St. Vincent for orders with 119,629 ctls
wheat, valued at 1122.600. and 20.000 ft lumber
as dunnage valued at $300.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Feb 1— Stmr Com
monwealth, from Liverpool, for Boston.
KINSALE— Passed Feb 1— Stmr Campania,
from New York, for Queenstown and Liver
pool.
LONDOX— Sailed Feb 1— Stmr Henomlnee.
for New York.
OCEAX STEAMERS.
SYDNEY— Arrived Jan 31— Bark Snow &
Burgess, from Delagoa Bay.
VALPARAISO— Sailed. Jan 31— Ger stmr Pen
tauer, for San FranclBCO.
AMAPALA— Arrived - Jan 31— Bktn Katie
Flicklnger. from Manzanlllo.
CALLAO- Arrived Feb 1— U S stmr Phila
delphia, from San Diego.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEAH BAY-Passed In Feb 1-Schr B K
Wood, from Halphongr, for Port Townsend.
Passed out Feb 1 — Stmr Matteawan. from
Tacoma, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Feb 1— Stmr Eureka, hnc
Jan 31.
Sailed Feb 1 — Stmrs WestDort and North
Fork and schr Occidental, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Feb 1— Br itmr Strath
gyle, from Seattle.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Feb 1-Stmr Se
quoia, hence Jan 27.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Teb 1— Schr J M
"Weatherwax, from Port Hadlock.
SOUTH BEND—Arrlved Feb 1— Schr Novelty,
from Honolulu.
Sailed Feb 1— Stmr Rival, for San Francisco.
Arrived Peb 1— Schr E K "Wood, from Hal
phone.
PORT LOS AN'OELES- Sailed Feb 1— Be
Etmr Warfield. for Chemalnus. *
May, for San Francisco; schr Roy Somers, for
San Pedro: schr Lizzie Vance, for San Fran
cisco. > i .
PORT TOWX8END- Passed In Feb 1— Br
Ehlp Pengwern, from Victoria, for .
Sailed Feb 1— Br 8tmr Yang Tsze, for St
Vincent.
"Ladies and gentlemen." he began, shoving
up : hii spectacles and sucking his lips over
his white teeth to keap them In place, "ladles
and gentlemen, young men and maidens, raley
I'm. obleeged -to 'Mr.vMeana for this honor."
and. the squire took both hands and turned
the top of his head round several Inches. Then
he i adjusted \ hla •• spectacles. "I feel in the In
most compartments of my animal spirits a
most happlfying sense or the success . and
futility of all my endeavors to sarva the peo
ple of Flat Crick dees trick in -. my weak way
and manner." This burst of eloquence was de
livered with a constrained air and an apparent
' Amid all this unusual poetic material,
all this picturesque diction, there is a vein
of real pathos. Harte was first Inspired
by Dickens and in many respects he is
like him. He selects extremes as char
acters; he puts them into an environment
strange almost to the verge of impossi
bility; he uses broad comedy and senti
ment with a lavish hand, yet he is not
oversentimental like Dickens. His abund
ant wit and true pathos combine Into" a
humor which within its narrow limits is
superior to that of the great English
caricaturist. '"' His rare critical Judgment,
which is nowhere better shown than In
his extremely ludicrous parody of Dickens
in "Condensed Novels," enabled him to
follow only what was best In his distin
guished master. '
His humor Is at Its best in a few of his
earlier short stories, like "The Luck of
Roaring Camp" and "How Santa Claus
Came to Simpson's Bar." Without their
sly wit, their skillfully handled comedy,
their deep pathos, their humor, they
would indeed fall flat. ' Of real character
study they have very little, In plot and of
broad constructive power, they are sadly
wanting. "We see phases of life, but no
complete life. We get a burning moment
In a reckless career, but an instantaneous
photograph, and that is all."
The influence of Dickens: either directly
or through the works of Harte can be
traced' in. all of the mid-century litera
ture of locality. The first conspicuous
study of local environment alter the Cali
fornia tales was Edward Eggleston's
"Hoosler Schoolmaster.", a story of the
primitive days in Southern Indiana. On
a reduced scale, it is the work which
Dickens would have done had he been
born on Hoosler territory Instead • of in
the lower circle of London. Take, for
Instance, his picture of Squire • Hawkins.
who has been described aa having "a wig
of that dirty, waxy color, eo common to
wigs"; a semicircular row of whiskers
"dyed ¦ a frightful dead black"; a huge
pair of spectacles, "a. glass eye differing
in color from its natural mate, ; perpetual
ly getting out of focus by turning: in or
out." and "a set of false teeth, badly
fitted, and given to bobbing • up and
down.". He has just been elected to pre
side at a spelling school and rises to
thank the company for the honor:
"Plain Language from Truthful James,"
better known as "The Heathen Chinee,"
gave its author at once an international
fame. In his later poems Harte became
still more erratic in his literary methods,
mingling exclamations, fragmentary
ejaculations, slang and curious localisms
in a monologue that at once provoked im
mediate and widespread parody. In the
poem "Jim," for example, the miner who
has been questioning an apparent
stranger about his old "pardner," Jim,
and who has been assured by him that
he Is dead, suddenly recognizes in his in
former the supposed dead man:
Well, thar— good-by—
No more, sir— I—
Eh?
What's that you say?
Why. dern it! Sho!—
No, yes! by Jol
Bold!
Sold! Why, you Ifmb!
Tou ornery,
Dcrned old,
Long-legged Jim!
The society is finally adjourned with
remnants of the .paleozoic age, with fos
sils and skulls of mammoths.
The distinctive feature of these studies'
of peculiar environments has been their
realism, their careful fidelity to life, their
reverent ' worship of "the god of things
as they are." Nearly all of them have
been made with sympathy, and nearly
all are full not only of fun and wit but
of real humor. Such careful artists as
Bret Harte, George W. Cable, Joel Chand
ler Harris and Sarah Orne Jewett may
be ranked as humorists in the most ex
clusive sense of the word. Much of their
work will bear comparison with, the best
humorous writings of oVir literature.
Bret Harte, who in some respects was
the literary father qf the group, first at
tracted the attention of the world by his
peculiar poetry, which depicted the life
and the language of the California mines
and gulches during the days of the gold
excitement. Much of this early poecry
had }n it a vein of rollicking fun mingled
with abundant sentiment. "The Society
on the Stanislaus" is one of the best -of
the group. The aim of the society was
scientific; its early meetings were peace
able and instructive, but it came to a
sudden end in a peculiar, Callfornlan way.
Brown of Calaveras had brought "a lot
of fossil bones" and had begun to address
the meeting in a learned way when he
was Interrupted by Jones, who .
Then asked the chair for a suspension of the
rules. "~-~.
Till he could prove that these same bones was
one of his lost mules. ~ ; _
Then Brown he smiled a bitter smile and said
he was at fault: .
It seemed he had been trespassing; on Jones'
family vault.
He was a most sarcastic man, this quiet Mr.
Brown.
And on several occasions he had cleaned out
the town.
Then Abner Dean of Angel's raised a point of
order, when .
A chunk of 'old red sandstone took him in the
abdomen.
And he smiled a kind of sickly smile and curled
up on the floor
And the subsequent proceeding's interested him
no more.
-The last quarter of the nineteenth i cen
tury haB been chiefly notable on its liter
ary side for the rise and development of
what may be termed the literature of lo
cality. The father of what may be termed
American provincial characterization was
undoubtedly Royall Tyler, who. as early
as 1786, began his clever studies of the
Yankee character. In the word3 of Lu
kens, "His nasal-twanged, vociferous, ec
centric, Inquisitive and roistering down
easter was a product of the soil." Irving
made use of this element to some extent
in his "Rip Van Winkle" and similar
sketches. "Sam Slick" and "Major Jack
Downing" used It freely. Mrs. Stowe, as
early as 1S4S, made minute /studies of
phases of New England life, and Lowell
and the dialect poets .like C. G. Leland
voiced many phases of 'provincial environ
ment, but it was not until 1S68, when Bret
Harte began In the Overland Monthly his
short stories of the California mines, that
ther© began what might be styled a stam
pede to this province of literature.
The field has. Indeed, been a rich one.
The vast area of America, its peculiar
history, its cosmopolitan population, its
marvelous diversity of environments, havo
resulted In an abundance of peculiar so
cial groups. All of these varied regions
rave had their chroniclers and in some
cases their laureates. John Hay, now the
Secretary of State, was the first to bring
before the literary world the Indiana
"Hoosiers" In his "Pike County Ballads"
and Edward Eggleston was the first to
record In prose their unique characteris
tics: George W. Cable, in a series of
strong dramatic novels, first revealed the
Creole world of the Louisiana lowlands;
Thomas Nelson Page and Joel Chandler
Harris have made accurate pictures of
the plantation negro; Mary N. Murfree—
"Charles Egbert Craddock"— has explored
the wild depths of the Tennessee Sloun
tains; Hamlin Garland has etched realis
tic sketches of life on the prairie farm;
Alice French— "Octave Thanet"— has pen
etrated the canebrakes of Arkansas, and
Mary Hallock Foote has entered the wild
mining camps of Colorado and Idaho.
New England, the earliest section of the
field to be explored, has been carefully
studied in all of Its sections by a little
group of keen and sympathetic observers,
mostly women — Mrs. Stowe, Rose Terry
Cooke, Nora Perry. Elizabeth Stuart
Phelps, Sarah Orne Jewett, Mary E. Wil
kins and others.
Copyright, 1901, by Seymour Eaton.
Note— This is the concluding naper of
this series. An examination will be pub
lished on Thursday. February 14. as a
basis for the granting of certificates.
sense of a danger that he, S<iutre Hawkins,
might fall to pieces In his weak way antl
manner, and of the success and futility (es
pecially the latter) of all attempts at recon
struction. For by this time the ghastly pupil
of the left eye. which was black, was look-
Ins way round to the ieft. while thi- little blue
one on the right twinkled cheerfully toward
the front. The front teeth would drop down
so that the squire's mouth was kept nearly
closed and his words whistled through.
A later phase of the literature of local
ity has been characterized by a more care
ful realism. There has been no attempt
to confine th£ story to grotesque and half
impossible exceptions, or to heighten in
any way unusual characteristics. Th«»
novelist has made minute and lovlns
studies of actual lowly life, seeking not
exceptions but typical figures.
The most successful humorist of this
latter group has been Sarah Orne Jewett.
whose sketches of life and character as
they are to be found In the humble vil
lages along the Maine coast stand at tho
head of one department of our literature.
Every picture la studied with conscien
tious care from models that the author
loves and thoroughly kn.ow-3. They stand
out like etchings every outline distinct,
every mark of individuality clearly drawn.
The humor lies in the lifelikeness. In tha
quaint, half-fantastic views and conceit*
of those who have seen life from only ono
pitiful standpoint, in the almost spontane
ous pathos which is never far distant in
any of her tales, and in the bright.
breezy, kindly personality of the author
herself. There is an Irresistible charm in
these limpid, artless tales of homely
lives; one cannot help smiling often over
their simplicity and their rude wisdom.
Two aged men. for Instance, at the win
ter hearth entertaining each other with
the mere nothings of Idle talk, might not
seem to be a humorous topic, yet how ab
solutely true to nature can she represent
them and how our hearts warm to then*
as ihey discuss the mysteries 'ot cider
maklnsr.
"I call that pretty cider." said Martin. " 'Tia
young yet. but it has gut some weight already,
and 'tis smooth. There » a* sight o' difference*
between good upland fruit aud the speshy
apples that grows in wet ground. An' 1 takd
it that bar 1 ! has an influence. Some bar'13
kind' of wilt elder and some smarten it uj>
and keep it hearty. Lord: what stun! so rut
folks are wlllln" to set before ye! 'Hain't wuth
the name o' cider, nor no better than tha
renstn's of a vinegar cask."
"And then there's weather, too." agreed Air.
Jacob Dyer, "had ought to be took into con
sideration. Git your apples Just in the right
time— not too early to taste o' the tree, nor
too lavs to tasts o' the ground, and Ju3t la
the »nap o' time as to ripeness, on a good
sharp day with the .sun a-ahining; have 'era
iato the press and what comes out is elder."
One can almost hear the old cronies
smacking their lips. This minute realism,
this constant watch fulness -for touches of
nature, theae little pictures of idiosyncra
sies and petty foibies never make us roar
in high giee, seldom make us laugh aloud,
but tney never fail to awaken that siient
laughter that warms the heart and makes
us glow with peace and good wiil toward,
all mtn.
In the skillful use of pathos Miss Jewett
has been surpassed by few who have used
our language. It Is never obtrusive, it la
never even remotely sentimental, it is al
ways seemingly spontaneous. Those who
can read such a story, tor Instance, as "A
Native of Winty" and not find their eyes
wet at the end will never be touched by
mere literature, and yet there is no tieato.
scene, no pitiful story of sickness or
wrong to childhood or innocence. It is
pathetic Just as all human life is pathetic.
What a world of true pathos in a singla
sentence like this: "You never get over
bein' a child long's you have a mother to
tfo to!"
A humorist of a far different type la
Frank R. Stockton, a novelist who defies
classification, almost analysis. He stun. .a
as a kind of antithesis to the group j...<t
discussed. He is confined by no bounds
of geography. His scenes are located In
regions unexplored and indeed undreamed
of save by their creator. His characters
seem real, yet- they are like none that we
have ever known in our earthly experi
ence. He is the humorist of "negative
gravity." in his world water flows uphill,
and human beings act precisely the oppo
site of what one might expect. One is
continually facing a paradox, yet so
plausible are the tales, so logical seem
ingly are all of their parts that one la
half-inclined to believe them even against
the testimony of his better judgment.
There have been during the present era
a few who have written really humorous
poetry, notably in the field of local studies
of character. Hay's "Jim Bludso" and
"Little Breeches" have become widely
known; so have Charles Follen Adams'
"Jacob Strauss." and Sam Walter Fos3
has depicted in homely, yet taking. verse3
tho humors of the rural New England,
Yr.nkee. Will Carleton, too. with his bal
lads of farm and city life, has had a wide
popularity. The two poets, however, who
have done the best humorous work are
doubtless Eugene Field and James Whit
comb Riley. Field excelled as the delin
eator of childhood especially on, its pa
thetic side. The most of his work Is
whimsical and merely corclc, but In a few
simple lyrics he has reached the borders
of the reerion occupied by such a master
even as Thomas Hood.
James ' Whltcomb Riley. "the Hoosler
poet," has done in verse what the novel
ists of locality have done in prose. His
homely versea have the universal stamp
upon them that makes them acceptable
both to the high and the low, the Ignorant
and the educated. There Is a simple lilt
ing ¦ movement, an artless singsong
rhythm to them that makes them at one©
ratchy and popular, yet there Is a fidelity
to nature, a tenderness and a true humor
in them that raises them at once Into the
realm of real literature. Such lyrics as
"When the Frost Is on the Punkln."
"Tho Raggedy Man," "Griggsbys Sta
tion," "Knee Deep in June." are real mas
terpieces of humor. What could be more
true and hearty than his picture of the
autumn farm?
When the frost Is en the punkln and the fod
der's In the shock.
And you hear the kyourk and gobble of tho
strutttn" turkey cock.
And the clackin' of the grulneys. and the
duckln' of the hens.
And the rooster's hallylooyer as he tip-toes
i on the fence;
O. it's then's the times a feller la a-feelln" at
his b-?ft.
With the risln' sun to greet him from a night
of peaceful rest.
As he leaves the hous*. bareheaded, and goes
out to feed the stock.
When the frost Is on the punkln and the fod
der's In the shook.
But June is Just as joyous a season for
(ge light-hearted Jloosier singer:
. -Plague! ef the' ain't sompln' In
I Work 'at kind o' goes ag'in
My convictions.' — ton? about
Here In June especially!
Under some old auple tree,
Jes* a restln' through and through,
I could get alonar without
Noth!n' else at all to do
Only Jea a wlshln" you •
Was a-gettln' tbeie like me
And June' was eternity.
To survey so vast* a field as the> humor
of English and American literature within
the narrow limits of sltxeen brief papers
demands of a necessity that only typical
figures be Included within the plan. Many
there have been both In England and
America who have produced real humor,
some of It doubtless equal to any that we
have mentioned, yet it has been impossi
ble to include them all. The pioneer In
any field deserves the first and best re
ward and we have endeavored to give
such their true place in the evolution of
humor, and to omit no author who in any
way prominently assisted In developing
and enriching It., .
FR8D I,EWIS PATTEE.
Pennsylvania State College.
Steamship Kvichak Is Sunk at Her Moorings, Man Is Lost
Overboard From the Schooner Harry, Coaster Is
Dismasted and a Barge Wrecked.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
The Latest Phases of American Humor,
Taking in the Dialect
Poets.
FIRST NORTHER OF THE SEASON
DOES MUCH DAMAGE TO SHIPPING
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRIJAEY 2, 19O1.
STEAMSHIP KVICHAK THAT WAS SUNK ALONGSIDE THE UNION IRON WORKS' DRYDOCK LAST THURS
DAY NIGHT DURING THE NORTHER. SHE WAS BUILT LAST YEAR FOR THE ALASKA PACKERS 1 AS
SOCIATION AND WAS BEING OVERHAULED.
TO SAIL.
xrv.
7
. Maureais From. Due.
North Fork..... Humboldt Feb.
Carlisle City... i China via San Diego... Feb.
Mandalay. ..*... Coquille River Feb.
Australia Tahiti Feb.
Eureka Humboldt Feb.
Bonlta Newport Feb.
Queen.. San Diego :...... Feb.'
Guatemala Panama & Way Ports. Feb.
Tellus. Oyster Harbor Feb.
Royalist Comox Feb.
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Feb.
Willamette Oyster Harbor ....' Feb.
O. W. Elder.'... Portland and Astoria.. Feb.
Mattewan Tacoma .,.. Feb.
Fulton Grays Harbor Feb.
South Portland. Roche Harbor Feb.
Santa Barbara. Humboldt ..." Feb.
Empire Coos Bay.... I^b.
Mackinaw Seattle Feb.
San Pedro Humboldt Feb.
Pomona Humboldt Feb.
Hyades .. Seattle Feb.
State of Cal.... Puget Sound Ports..... Feb.
Corona.. Newport Feb.
Santa Rosa San Diego Feb.
Point Arena Point Arena, Feb.
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb.
City of Para.... Panama & Way Ports. Feb.
Zealand la....... Honolulu Feb.
Ciescent City... Crescent City FeU
From.
Due.
:
s
3
J
3
3
Steamer. " Ee»t nation. I
February 2.
Vosbere and
Wheeler Tillamook Bay......
Mariposa..... Honolulu
Columbia..... Astoria & Portland
Point Arena.. Point Arena
Pomona...'.... Humboldt
Febranrjr 3.
Arcata....r... Coos Bay
Alliance Portland & Coos B.
Santa Rosa... San Diego
February 4..
North Fork... Humboldt
February 5.
Carlisle City. China and Japan..
Rainier Seattle & .Tacoma.
Bonlta Newport
Argyll N. Y. via . Panama
Sesostrls...... Hamburg & W. Pts|
Umatllla...... Puget Sound Ports
Rob't Dollar.. Seattle '.....
Eureka Humboldt
February O.
Pulton Grays Harbor
Empire Coos Bay
Queen San Diesro
Mandalay.... Coquille River ....
Czarina..... .'. Seattle & Tacoma.
February 7.
Curacao Mexican Ports...'...
Guatemala... West Coast &;Way
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland.
Sails. j Pier.
| ~
5th-st.
3 pm Wharf
2 pm Pier 7
11 am Pier 24
2 pm Pier 2
2 pm Pier 9
10 am Pier 13
9 am 8.W. 1
9 am Pier 11
9 arj Pier' 2
'.¦ ¦ i - - -
....... Pler-
6 pm Pier 2
» am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 34
S.W. 2
11 am Pier 9
5 pm Pier 13
9 am Pier 13
9 am Pier —
10 am Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 2
5 pm Pier 8
10 am Pier 11
Pier —
11 am Pier 24
?
2 ...
3 ...
Time ¦"
FflT
L. W -
4:00 ~2~7
4:48 2.4
H W
0:34 5.2
1:03 6.3
1:40 "5.3
2:12 5.3
. 2:4J 5.2
Time , Time
Ft." Ft.
H W L.-.W •
10:16 6.1 6:00—0.6
11:03 6.0 6:36 --0.4
L W H W
5:34 2.2 11:50 6.7
6:20 2.0 12:31 5.3
7:07 2.0 1:16 4.8
• 7:55 1.9 2:04 4.6|
8:43 1.8 2:55 4.2
Time
Ft.
H W
11:58 ~TI
ii'w '""'
6:17 -0.1
6:45 0.3
7:19 O.S
7:52 1.3
. 8:28 1.7
4 ...
6 ...
5 ...
7 ...
8 ...
Steamer. " Ee»t nation. I
February 2.
Vosbere and
Wheeler Tillamook Bay......
Mariposa..... Honolulu
Columbia..... Astoria & Portland
Point Arena.. Point Arena
Pomona...'.... Humboldt
Febranrjr 3.
Arcata....r... Coos Bay
Alliance Portland & Coos B.
Santa Rosa... San Diego
February 4..
North Fork... Humboldt
February 5.
Carlisle City. China and Japan..
Rainier Seattle & .Tacoma.
Bonlta Newport
Argyll N. Y. via . Panama
Sesostrls...... Hamburg & W. Pts|
Umatllla...... Puget Sound Ports
Rob't Dollar.. Seattle '.....
Eureka Humboldt
February O.
Pulton Grays Harbor
Empire Coos Bay
Queen San Diesro
Mandalay.... Coquille River ....
Czarina..... .'. Seattle & Tacoma.
February 7.
Curacao Mexican Ports...'...
Guatemala... West Coast &;Way
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland.
Sails. j Pier.
| ~
5th-st.
3 pm Wharf
2 pm Pier 7
11 am Pier 24
2 pm Pier 2
2 pm Pier 9
10 am Pier 13
9 am 8.W. 1
9 am Pier 11
9 arj Pier' 2
'.¦ ¦ i - - -
....... Pler-
6 pm Pier 2
» am Pier 11
2 pm Pier 34
S.W. 2
11 am Pier 9
5 pm Pier 13
9 am Pier 13
9 am Pier —
10 am Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
10 am Pier 2
5 pm Pier 8
10 am Pier 11
Pier —
11 am Pier 24
?
2 ...
3 ...
Time ¦"
FflT
L. W -
4:00 ~2~7
4:48 2.4
H W
0:34 5.2
1:03 6.3
1:40 "5.3
2:12 5.3
. 2:4J 5.2
Time , Time
Ft." Ft.
H W L.-.W •
10:16 6.1 6:00—0.6
11:03 6.0 6:36 --0.4
L W H W
5:34 2.2 11:50 6.7
6:20 2.0 12:31 5.3
7:07 2.0 1:16 4.8
• 7:55 1.9 2:04 4.6|
8:43 1.8 2:55 4.2
Time
Ft.
H W
11:58 ~TI
ii'w '""'
6:17 -0.1
6:45 0.3
7:19 O.S
7:52 1.3
. 8:28 1.7
4 ...
6 ...
5 ...
7 ...
8 ...
. Maureais From. Due.
North Fork..... Humboldt Feb.
Carlisle City... i China via San Diego... Feb.
Mandalay. ..*... Coquille River Feb.
Australia Tahiti Feb.
Eureka Humboldt Feb.
Bonlta Newport Feb.
Queen.. San Diego :...... Feb.'
Guatemala Panama & Way Ports. Feb.
Tellus. Oyster Harbor Feb.
Royalist Comox Feb.
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Feb.
Willamette Oyster Harbor ....' Feb.
O. W. Elder.'... Portland and Astoria.. Feb.
Mattewan Tacoma .,.. Feb.
Fulton Grays Harbor Feb.
South Portland. Roche Harbor Feb.
Santa Barbara. Humboldt ..." Feb.
Empire Coos Bay.... I^b.
Mackinaw Seattle Feb.
San Pedro Humboldt Feb.
Pomona Humboldt Feb.
Hyades .. Seattle Feb.
State of Cal.... Puget Sound Ports..... Feb.
Corona.. Newport Feb.
Santa Rosa San Diego Feb.
Point Arena Point Arena, Feb.
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb.
City of Para.... Panama & Way Ports. Feb.
Zealand la....... Honolulu Feb.
Ciescent City... Crescent City FeU
From.
Due.
:
s
3
J
3
3
. PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM
K* . of railroads. .
Office, " 30 Montgomery street. •
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets.
| GRAND OPERA MOUSE
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
CHARLES ERIN YERNER,
THE GREATEST LIVING IRISH COMEDIAN.
In lJouclcaulfs Famous Irish Drama.
ARRAH-NA-P06UE
MOXDAY— "SHA&tUS O'BRIEN."
PRICKS— 10c. 15c, 25c. 50c
A few front rows in orchestra, 76c
Good reserved seat In orchestra at all rr.atl-
nee6. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office. Kmporlum. *
MOROSCO'SGRANDOPERA-HOUSE, Special
Gottlob. Marx & Co. and 'Walter Morosco
Announce the Farewell Appearance In This
city of
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT
M.^OQUELIN,
Under the Direction of
MR. MAURICE OF?/\U.
FOR TWO WEEKS OXLT,
Cctarcenclng MONDAY EVENING. February
11. In
ROSTAND'S DRAMATIC POEM,
For Six Nights and 5 A T/^T #"i\TJ»
Wednesday and LAIItLUN
Saturday Matinees. •*¦* "AWAJl/ii
OR. THE EAGLET.
MME. BERNHARDT and M. COQUEL.IN Will
Appear at Every Performance.
PRICES-J1 TO. $2. $3 and J4. Boxes $30. J24.
$32. General Admission $2. Gallery $1.
Q4I n OP " n '*» 11 bedn on WEDNES-
OALu. Ur JCAIJ DAY, February 6, at 9
a. m., at the Box Office, Grand Opera-house.
MATINEK TO-DAY, SATURDAY, FEB. 2.
Parquet. 2Sc. any :;eat: Halcony. 10c; Chll-
I dren. 10c. any rart except reserved.
I GREATEST VAUDEVILLE SHOW EVER IN
RAN FRANCISCO. *
THE NINE NELSONS.
LIZZIE AN'D VINIE DALY. FOY AND
CLARK, LEAMER SISTERS. MONTMAR-
TROIS TRIO. WARREN AND BLANCH-
AHD. HACKER AND LESTER, SWIGETTE
AND CLARK.
LAST TWO APPEARANCES OF
SAM LOCKHART'S "
BABY ELEPHANTS.
H^Fh eat r £JA>
MATINEE TO-DAY and TO-MOBROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
William Gillette's Comedy, j
A LL THE Bound
COMFORTS ».i«
OF HOME I ESs
Next Week— Engagement of JOS. KILGOUR
•when *-lll be presented E. S_ Wlllard's suc-
cess, "JL'DAH." Seats Now Ready.
CHUTES^™ ZOO
SPECIAL— THIS AFTERNOON.
JUVENILE
PERFORMERS'
rvAyi y$$£
TO-NIGHT!
Big Cakewalk !
Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
FISCHERS concert house.
* Admission IOc.
; Nero. Frances Harding, Fairbanks Brothers.
Jlar.lcn and Singer,. Ida Howell. Waterman
E.Eterm. Little Alma Wuthrieh. Hal Conlett.
Ahern and Patrick and Hlnrlchs' Orchestra.
Reserved Beats 2Sc. Matinee Sunday.
Any one know* and know* when cured. We
have offered a reward of J25 for 4 years hert»
in Los Angeles to any one with Piles who could
not be cured with 1 Box of Verua Pile Cure,
end not one person has claimed the reward.
We now offer and will pay any one suffering
with Piles »50 who cannot be cured with Verus
Pile Cure. Our record shows over 10.COO cured
Write for Information. Perhaps we have your
neighbor's testimonial. Price 12, postpaid.
VERDS PILE CORE CO., Room 226, Wilson Bit
Or ELLINGTON' DHUO CO.. Wholesale and
Retail Druggists, Agts., Fourth and
Epriat Sts.. Lot Angeles, Cal •
D A I I PC These hotels pos-
rALAut t s . es » * e att f ribut «
, • that tourists and
Onij travelers appreciate
" SIU —central location,
fi R A M II Iiberal managc-
U il A 1 1 U merit, modern ap-
linTri fl pointments and
nUltLOl P erfect . cuisin c-
ii w i ft.ft.vj American and Ea-
SaO FrSnClSCO. ropean plans.
yy^S^S^!>S*n B nlB G l * * non-po!«enot»
< tOfeiij» i * 1^^>ifl reined j for Gonorrhtca.
>BUK*'cCiiEi» v Wa f » Iert . Spern»t»irha»,
gMjyin i m &<3»T«.\ifl White*, unnatural di.i-
tjEfiif Gctrtnmd W chargt . or anr iziflaoimft-
R*««V boi to i-j-iettrf. tion, | rltatlon or ulcer*-
R-^Hirnftau con:>rioc. tion ,( niiicoim niem-
S7T|TK£EvKisCH£Ui:»tC3. brane*. Non-antringent.
»«»•«« *»y Dr»SBH«».
i C B. A J&9T or BPnt in P Iain wrapper,
J^K^W Isnjfvi t'T fiprexs, repaid, for
: A^SfEfeolff^ 0 fi tl.VO, or 3 bottle*. ?2.73.
j • Kl "1: ;uUr lent on rejaa*.
I fi I rr nnif I I Corner Fourth and
ALL LJI IV A I Market. S. F. Try
liUrr III I fill our Special Brew.
Uni L IIUIiIIm fcam and Lager.
¦ - 6c. Overcoats and
- valises checked I re«
£*fll n I B£ 2* 1 m FKtKCISCO'S
ffla B3B M LEAB1SB THEATBE
mATlNEE TO-DAY
EVERY NIGHT, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
Mansjror* Weecchals & Kemper present
LOUIS JAMES and
KATHRYN KIDDER
[a a Stupendous Scenic Production of
A Midsummer Night's Dream.
riUCES-tl 50. «. TSc &0c 55c and Kc. ¦
X*xt \Ve*"k— "Flirt 6 Jy'Rhti? and Pat. Matinee.
"A MIDSUMMER NIOHT'r? I«tKAM."
Saturday N'ifht— VHICHARD III."
Sunday Night—^Macbeth."
Sf81I^3 SEAT SALE
UUUSlTO-DAY
At Sherman. Clay & Cc.'s Store.
FIRST CONCERT at the
ALBAMBRA, SDKPAf MQHt, Feb 10.
GREAT Mri-ICAL, HIT!
EVTZNIXGS at l>. MATINEE SATURDAY at I.
By the Author? of '•Rcbin Hood."
Nfxt Week— Planquette's Oreat 'Comic Opera.
"NELLi OWTKSE."
POPULAR PRICES :: and CO cenU
T«lfihone— Bush 9.
' - I
TO-DAY AT 2 SHARP.
LAST MATINEE AND TO-NIGHT, LAST
TIME OF
MRS. FISKE
6 BECKY"' SHARP."
MONDAY. FEBRUARY 4.
MRS. FISKE
Ar.J Her Comjany. Presfntlng for the First
Time Here.
"TESS0FTHEDTRBERV1LLES"
OXLT MATINEE SATURDAY.
Ait Elkachouse...; Prop, and Manager
J t. r.e South 770.
l/\st Times,
MATINEE TC-DAY - - - - TC-NIGHT.
Of the Favorite Comedians,
MURRAY AND MACK
Ar.d their Jelly company of *0 Girls and
Boys— i?, in the very best of musical es-
travaganzas.
"SHOOTING THE CHUTES"
Eve — 25c. SSc. COc and 75c
Mat- 15c, 2T.C. 25c and 50c.
¦TO-MOnROW. ••punda>-" Afternoon— Wb. A.
Tlrady's gTand production,
"THE SORROWS OF SATAN.'J.
BELZSCO A»*THAU:Sjfef(Wb
4 >^ urttTt cm hjua '
Phone South r.23.
NOW THOROUGHLY HEATED WITH STEAM
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
TO-NIGHT AND FUNDAY EVENING— LAST
. PERFORMANCES.
Buperb Production D'Ennery's Famous Drama,
A CELEBRATED CASE
The Ppou'.ar Irish Comedian. JAMES M.
WARD, as Serjeant O'Rourke.
DDirpC Evening* 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c. We
J IUILJ Matinee* 10c 15c, 2Sc
NEXT MONDAY— First Production In Amer-
ica of the Ti'.e Eritrll:-:h Melodrama.
"A DAUGHTER OF THE MILLION."
THE PRISON OF THE POPE.
LECTURE BY
REV. PETER C. YORKE
For the Benefit of BT. JOHN'S PARISH.
CRtv. Father Brady. Rector.)
rharsday Evening, F t 1901,
At l o'clock.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Firth and Jeszl* Streets.
TICKETS ... » SOo
THE SAN fRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAK PARK-THIRD MEETING.
ilondar. Jacsarr 21. to Saturday, February
9, Inclusive.
Ei: . OR MORE RACES EACH TTEE3C DAT.
E!x Etak* Events. Three Kurd* Race* aad
Elar eteeplecbaces.
FIRST R .CB OF THE DAT AT 2:10 P. M.
Trtins leare Third and TcwTisend atreeu for
TanToran I 'ark at 7. 10:40. 11:30 a. m.. 1. 1:JO
ud 2 p. m. Tralrs le»v«s Tanforan Park for
tea Frc •••¦¦ -- at 4:15 p. n».. followed alter tba
la*t roc* at Intervals of a few minutes by sev-
eral eprcials. Seats !n rear cars reserved for
ladles and their eecorts. Admission to course. ,
Including railroad fare, SI. 13. -
MILTCN P.. LATHA1I. Secretary.
rDTTAr.T) POWER. Racing- Secretary.
THE HENSCHEtS'
GRAND RECITALS
At METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
February 6, 7. ». II. 13. I*.
TRICESt-TSc to $2- All Restrved.
EHATS KOW OX SALE at Sherman, Clay
4t Co.'s. ' - I
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^^^S^
Tarr mmII **»* ¦* Mir'
t» take m ngatk '
SEE Ip a DxrD*ol FCR HEADACHE - SFE
* LE CARTERS FOR DIZZIWESS.
SEN DINE fi SV/r-D FOR TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
\ I PILLS F0R COMSTIPATIOH.
WRAPPFP B gg * fob sallow stun. WPAPPPB
WKAlTfcK !gJ5£gi W THE COMPLEX! OH wKArtXK
. CENL'UII wuBTiMwteuaiummc.
"FR,I2STTED OIT RED FjbFTOEWST. PAUL. Minn.. Feb. 1.— Miss Marga
ret Tlttemore. a society belle of : Des
Molnes, Iowa, is said to have donned
men's clothes,- secreted herself,- on board
the battleship Indiana 1 at Nagasaki, Ja
pan, and to be en route to America.
Last fall the girl became betrothed to
Lieutenant Dean of the army. S He Was
ordered to the Orient, and Miss Tlttemore
persuaded her prospective mother-in-law
to chaperon her to - Manila, - where the
wedding might be performed/ • Upon ' ar
riving at Nagasaki they learned that the
lieutenant waa en duty In China. Miss
Tittemore refused to proceed ; Into , the
Boxer, replon, although the ; young. 1 man's
mother determined to go to Bee her son;
Miss Tlttemore was left at Nagasaki.
She wanted to come home, but could not
get a ship. The battleship Indiana was
about to start for 'America. So, according
to the story, the young woman • conceK-ed
the Idea of returning on the man-of-war
as a stowaway. It is asserted that ahe
was successful. . .
Went to the Orient to See Her Fiance
and No Mail Boat Returning,
Boarded the Indiana. '
SOCIETY BELLE STOWS
AWAY ON BATTLESHIP
V EUREKA; Feb. 1— William '; J. Orr. % a
chopper for . the ! Elk ; River Mill and Lum
ber , Company, * was ¦ crushed to death ;. this
afternoon..: Orr and his , partner had Just
cut a large red wood, tree. ¦ In attempting
to get ! out ' of : the way ; of ;. the ¦ falling : tree
Orr -became ' entangled : In ; the' underbrush
and was caught beneath the huge mass of
timber.: -,.-:•, - : ".i, ;•¦*--.- *"•*.*' ' . rgSfiSB
Woodsman Crushed to Death.
Left the Capital to Go Hunting, but
"Was Kept Confined to His Pri
vato Car.
AUSTIN, Tex., Feb. l.-A dlsptach from
Monterey, Mexico, says:- "It > is* reported
In Government official circles that the
health of President Porflrio Diaz is se
riously impaired, lie ; left the City of
Mexico several • days ago to spend some
time hunting. In the hot country ¦ in the
State of /Guerrero, 'but* owing :to his en
feebled condition: he was unable to ; leave
the private car in which he traveled '•¦ but
very little, and his condition has not, been
Improved by the trip." .
• - ¦ : m ' v . - -¦ ¦
Bankruptcy Case Postponed.
LONDON, ¦: Feb. : 1,— The Bankruptcy
Court again adjourned the * examination
into the Duke of Manchester's -affairs to
day until March 20, owing to the Illness of
the Duchess.,; It was announced that"ne
gotiations i tor, the : sale of,- certain', effects
had been ¦ completed : and j the proceeds
would -¦ Immediately • be available ; for the
benefit of creditors. -%-y . -¦.-'. .' : , "
PB^ISIDENT DIAZ -OF
MEXICO IN POOR HEALTH
antee and Mayor Zeigenheim
Signs the BUI.
. ST. LOUIS, Feb. 1.'— Mayor Zeigenheim
has signed the bill providing for the is
suance of $5,000,000 of bonds for the world's
fair. This morning he notified Chairman
"WVH. Thompson of the world's fair fin
ance committee that he would sign the
bill on condition that he and his associates
would agree to givfe a bond in the sum of
$1,000,000 . insuring that the surplus from
the sale of the bonds and the Interest on
the proceeds of the sale be given to ¦. the
city. Mr. Thompson and his, associates
signed the stipulations named.
Finance Committee Executes a Guar-
ST. LOTTIS TO ISSUE BONDS
5 , ' • FOR A WORLD'S FAIR
the Yangtse and Captain Is V
Drowned. .
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.— The State De
partment has received a report from . the
Consul at Chungking, China, to the effect
that the German steamer Sui Hslang has
been totally wrecked In the. rapids of the
Yangtse, sixty miles above Ichang. The
captain was lost, but all of her passengers
and the remainder of the crew were
saved. . . .
The steamer was built especially to nav
igate the .Yangtse from Shanghai to
Chungking. She was on her trial trip.
German Craft Lost in the Rapids of
STEAMER IS WRECKED
ON HER TRIAL TRIP
Navy: Captain Mortimer L. Johnson
to be rear admiral; Commander Franklin
Hanford to be a captain; Lieutenant
Franklin J. Schall to be a lieutenant com
mander; lieutenants (Junior grade) to be
lieutenants— George Malllson, Walter Ball
and Joel R. P. Pringle.
tion as Rear Admiral.
¦WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.— The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate:
Army: Volunteers— Edward N. Bow^n
of Massachusetts, acting assistant sur
geon. United States army, to be assistant
surgeon of volunteers, with rank of cap
tain.
Regulars— Second Lieutenant D. K. Ma
jor Jr., Fourteenth Infantry, to be first
lieutenant. %.':'<-,.: .
PR0M0TI0NS IN THE ARMY
AND NAVY BY PRESIDENT
Captain Mortimer L. Johnson's Name
Sent to the Senate for Conflnna-
SUES TO PREVENT SALE
OF HER HUSBAND'S LAND
an Action Against the Bank
of California.'
Mrs. Delphine Einstein Plaintiff in
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 1.— Mrs. Delphlne
Einstein of San Francisco is. suing In; the
Superior Court here to prevent the sale
of the valuable Red Mountain ranch near
Fallbrook for the debts of her husband.
The judgment is for $5200 and is in favor
of the Bank of California. It la alleged
that the indebtedness was Incurred while
Jacob Einstein, the husband; was In part
nership with his brother In San Francisco.
At any rate, the judgment was obtained
and the execution was sent here for sat
isfaction.- The ranch, -vfhich stands In the
name of Mrs. Einstein, was seized and is
advertised for sale next Monday under
the execution. .• - V
The attorneys- of the bank claim that
the ranch was J not transferred by Jacob
Einstein to his wife until after the In
debtedness was incurred, and that it was
then made for the purpose of defrauding
the creditors of the judgment debtor. The
motion to dismiss the. execution was ar
gued to-day and will be decided In the
morninsr in time to prevent the sale if the
decision be in favor of Mrs. Einstain.
WILL CONSOLIDATE
EIGHTEEN CANNERIES
to Purchase North Coast
Plants.
Company With. $2,000,000 Capital
TACOMA*. Feb. 1.— R. Onffroy went Kast
six weeks ago for the purpose of forming
a new fishing company. The capital stock
is subscribed and another $2,000,000 com
pany will make its headquarters at Fair
haven this, season, while it operates all
along the coast from Cape Flattery to
Bering Sea.
' Onffroy's deal Includes the- buying and
operating of eighteen canneries, about
five of J,hem being on Puget -Sound.
'Among .--them ''are 1 * the two canneries of
Ainsworth & Dunn, one of Anacortes and
one of Fairhaven. The balance of the
canneries are in Alaskan waters arid there
is where most of the fishing' will be done.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.— The House to
day passed an omnibus bill carrying 191
claims for stores and supplies taken by
the Union army during the rebellion. The
claims were passed on by the Court of
Claims " and aggregated $344,480. -Practi
cally air the beneficiaries reside In the
South, j Considerable opposition, to the
bill was displayed early.' In. the day un
der the -leadership of Cannon,, the
man of th© Appropriation Committee, but
it flattened out later and : the. bill finally
was passed without division.
The bill to amend the Chinese . exclu
sion act, w'lth a view to preventing the
fraudulent entry of Chinese • Into the
United States, was passed, as were other
bills of -minor Importance. -- . . ,
When the House convened -to-day some
minor; business was transacted by unani
mous consent.
Southard of Ohio, chairman of the Com
mittee on Coinage, Weights and Meas
ures, asked unanimous consent' to con
sider a bill to establish a "national stand
ardizing bureau," which should have cus
tody of the standards and furnish Infor
mation to any educational Institution,
firm, corporation or individual in the
United States. •:
After some discussion It was agreed that
the bill should be made a continuing or
der after the disposal of the bill to pro
mote the efficiency of the revenue cutter
service.
The Benate bill to appropriate $50,000 for
the purchase or construction of a reve
nue cutter for Boston harbor was passed.
The House later entered- upon the consid
eration of private bills. '
A bill to regulate the coming of Chinese
persons into the country' created some dis
cussion. Hitt, chairman of the Commit
tee on Foreign Affairs, said the bill had
been prepared by the Attorney General to
prevent the fraudulent entry of Chinese
laborers by giving the Government, as
well as the Chinamen, the right to appeal
from the decision of the United States
Commissioner. Hltt said that he him
self did not believe the Chinese exclu
sion act was a just law, because It was
passed in violation of treaty rights, but
the law was on the statute books and it
was the duty of every, citizen to obey it.
The bill was passed.
This being private bill day, Mahon of
Pennsylvania, chairman of the Commit
tee on War Claims, called up the unfin
ished business, which was a bill- for the
relief of St.- John's I/)dge of Masons of
Newborn. N. C. The bill , appropriates
JCOOO for the use of the Masonic lodge by
Union troops during the rebellion. After
some opposition it was passed. At 5:30
p. m. the House adjourned. .»
Present Act Amended I in
Order to Prevent Entry
by' Fraud.
EXCLUSION BILL
PASSES HOUSE
NEW TORK, Feb. 1.— New York
City will be in the hands of a
vigilance committee within ten
days from now. This commit
tee will consist of several hun
dred men.
Bishop Potter, it was said, had con
sented to start the movement, his advice
in the matter of mapping out the city and
the selection of the vigilantes having been
followed as far as consistent with the ob
jects in view. Kve'ry member of the fif
teen has pledged himself to secrecy.
Chairman Baldwin says there has already
been too much talking and not enough ac
tion. The borough of Manhattan ha-s
been divided Into two districts, each of
It has been believed In some quarters
that the three cruisers could, not be built
within the limit of cost named by Con
gress. However, a calculation based on
the price to be paid for ; the unsheathed
armored cruisers would lend < to : disprove
this theory. The average cost of the three
unsheathed armored cruisers of 13 400 tons
trial displacement; and 22 knots SDeed H
to be J3.76S.333 each, or $281 22 per torr" At
this rate a crulner of ; 9700 tons * dlsDlace
ment * would cost •¦¦ $2,727 ,834.v or.- $72,106 leas
than the ; amount* appropriated, namelv
$2,800,000. As about $100,000 will be required
for armor out of the sum appropriated it
has be<m necessary to eliminate certain
items from the ;• specifications, as in the
case of the sheathed battleships/. Cramps'
contract price '. for the Maine, an 18-knot
battleship of 12,500 tons trial displacement
was $2,8S5,000, or $238 per ton. ¦"^*?£™'
All the latest lmprovementsin construc
tion are. to be provided for the accommo
dation and comfort of the , officers and
crew. In commission the number of offi
cers will be thirty-nine and; the crew will
number 625 men, for.; which' are- provided
sixteen boats ranging from a 36-foot steam
cutter to a : 16-foot dingy, besides two
punts and two llferafts.". -V-
.The vessels each will. have, four: loftv
smokestacks. 76 feet above, the load water
line, . providing, draught . for -the sixteen
straight water tube. boilers situated in
four water-tight compartments, r These
boilers, together with the «ngines, ; will be
protected by the side armor, slopinff deck
armor and a twelve foot coal bunker The
inner bottom of the vessels will extend
to the undersides of the protective decks
above which a cellulose cofferdam thirty
inches wide will extend the length of thf>
cruisers. . ¦^•SSSaW'ffifQ^SSSiPo"- 1 - -'¦¦ ' °
-The new vessels are to be named the
St. Louis/Milwaukee and Charleston the
last to continue the name of the shio
wrecked November 2. 1899. in the Philip
p nes L - elr trial displacement will be
Ub ;t O K Ki 9^ », tOnS - r They w!u be equipped
with 21,000 horsepower twin screw engines
and will have a speed of 22 knots per hour
The vessels will be 424 feet in length and
C6 feet in extreme breadth. Their bunk
ers will ha\'e a capacity of 1500 tons The
main side armor .will be four inches in
thickness all around, as will also the up
per and lower casemate armor. Two and
a half Inches of steel plate will encase
their protective decks. The main decks
of the cruisers will be supplanted amid
ships with covered superstructures, within
each of which will be located four 6-Inch
rapid-fire guns and six 14-pounders 'of th«
same type. Outside the superstructure
¦will be two more ;6-inch suns located on
tho center line, one forward: and one aft
O m * u e f un t d ! cks , th . e neater batteries
will be^ located, of eight C-Inch, twelve
14-pounder and four 1-pounder rapid-fire
guns Sixteen rapid-fire guna are to be
placed on -the superstructure deck and
bridges. The remainder of the battery
will be located Jn the fighting tops of the
military masts.
These cruisers are designed to . be the
most formidable vessels in the world of
their class. They will resemble closely
the type of second clans armored cruisers
anu might be easily mistaken for such
The act of Congress authorizing this clasa
of cruisers stated that the vessels should
carry "the most powerful ordnance for
vessels of their type and have the high
est speed compatible with good crul»lne
qualities and great radius of action " Ad
miral Hichborn, chief constructor- of the
navy, who has been foremost in the prep
aration of plans for the building of the
new navy." says, that In an engagement
the new j cruisers would be aole to cope
with and prove more than a match for
some of the armored cruisers of foreign
navies. tfyiiyti
WASHINGTON. Feb. l.-BIds for the
construction of three -protected cruisers
have Just been opened at the Navy De
partment. The successful bidders appear
to be Cafie & Levy of Philadelphia, at
$2,740,000; the News Shipbuilding
Company, at $2,741,000, and the Bath Ship
building Company, at $2,750,000. Reserva
tions made in each bid, however, prevent
a positive statement at present/.
Navy Department Opens Bids
for the Construction of
Three Vessels.
FINEST CRUISERS
IN THE WORLD
The committee of fifteen will provide a
"clearing-house" to which all reports will
be made and through which the resnlts of
the work may be made available.
The vigilantes will confine themselves to
the observance of things in general; These
duties require them to see whether police
men are performing their duty, whether
the streets are kept clean, whether sa
loons are allowed to do business after the
legal closing hours and whether such sa
loons, gambling-houses and poolrooms are
visited by policemen, either in uniform or
civilian dress.
which will be assigned to a group of vlg!
lantee. No part of the city ia to be wholij
neglected. Even, on Fifth avenue or it
the upper west nlde members of the vlg 1
lance committee -will prosecute the']
labors.
BISHOP POTTER, THE EMINENT CIVIXE OP NEW YORK CITY, WHO
HAS AGREED TO ORGANIZE A BODY OF VIGILANTES TO WATCH
THE MUNICIPAL, GOVERNMENT.
NEW -YORK, Feb. 1.— Notable contribu
tions to anti-imperialistic .literature are
articles in the February number of tho
North American Review by Mark Twain
and former President Harrison. The first,
entitled V'To the Person Sitting In Dark
ness," is a savagely ironical review of the
present policy of the leading Christian
nations being pursued in China and of the
dealings of Great Britain with the Trans
vaal arid of the United States with the
Philippines. Ringing the changes upon
the phrase "extending the blessings of
civilization to our brother who sits in
darkness" the humorist warns us that,
though this has been a good trade in the
past and baa paid well, nevertheless in
the present day "the people who sit In
darkness are getting to be too scarce— too
scarce and too shy.. And such darknes3
as is now left Is really of but ah indiffer
ent quality and not dark enough for the
game. Most of those- people who sit in
darkness have been furnished with more
light than was good for them or profit
able for us. We have been injudicious."
In short the business is being ruined, be
cause Mr. .McKInlev and Chamberlain and
the Kaiser and the Czar and the French
have been playing the game too openly
right in sight of tho heathen. Christen
dom "has been so eager to get every stake
that appeared on the" green cloth that the
people; who git in darkness have noticed
it and have begun to show alarm.. They
have become suspicious of the blessings
of civilization. More — they have begun to
examine them. This is not well. The
blesBings of civilization are all right and
good commercial property, there could not
be a better— In a dim light.
"In the case of friendless and oppressed
little Cuba." continues Twain, "the Pres
ident Inveighed against annexation and
declared it would be 'criminal aggression.'
This was but following our great tradi
tions but the shot was heard around the
world. The nations of the earth gave
heed and we were so proud of our Presi
dent. But presently came the Philippine
temptation. It was strong. It was too
Btrong and he made that bad mistake, he
played the European game — Chamberlain
game. It was a pity, it was a great pity,
that error, that one -grievous error, for
it was the very place and time to play
the American game again."
¦ Mr. Harrison's "musings" are far Ies3
ferocious than Mr. Clemens' outcries.
Indeed, by -the side of the latter our for
mer President seems gentle and almost
timid. But look closer and you will dis-.
cover the hand of Iron under a silken
glove. -Whatever -.we may think of its
political aspect has not the. veiled sar
casm in the following sentence a distinct
ive polemical value: "We are hearing now
a great deal of the riches and strategical
advantages which have come to us with ;
the docile acceptance of divine will In' the
Philippines.". . - • , *
Dropping sarcasm Mr. Harrison- points
out that on this new d,octrlne of "equiva
lents," four great powers of Europe might
combine In a colonization in this hemis- j
phere.as they did in Africa and possess i
themselves of all the Central and South
American States unless the United States
gave Its powerful aid to the latter. He i
believes that it Is uf the highest conse- i
quence to us and to those Spanish-Amer
ican nations that it should be known to
them and to the world that the United
States will continue faithfully, and un
swervingly to respect the autonomy of
those States; that v/e will "neither our
selves dismember them nor suffer them
to be dismembered by • any European
power. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Former President Harrison Also Con
tributes Strong Article Relative
to the Government of the
Humorously and in Sarcastic
Vein Attacks Policy of
President.
IMPERIALISM
TWAIN'S THEME
Clay asserted that his amendment was
in good faith ar.d that it was of great im
portar.ee to provide at the present session
for the construction of the Nicaragua
canal. After some further debate on the
amendment the Senate at C:10 adjourned.
Stewart argued that the tremendous ad
vantage.Great Britain held In ocean com
merce could not bo overcome by indi
vidual effort. The only way to break the
domination of «he s*-as by Europe was for
the United States Government to give its
Bblpptes the same advantages as those
enjoyed by foreign shipping interests.
It v.as agreed that the Senate assemble
at ?Ao a. ro. on Monday and proceed to
the IJoure to take part in the ceremonies
in ir.emory of Chief Justice Marshall.
Pettigrew offered an amendment to the
shipping b!U- restricting combinations in
restraint of trade. ' ~ '?
Cay of Georgia offered an amendment
providing- for the acquisition from Costa.
Rica and Nicaragua of a route for the
isthm'an cf-naJ. This latter amendment
developed a spirited controversy between
Clay ami Chandler. The latter declared
I tnat many of the amendments ¦ offered
were for the purpose of embarrassing and
defeating the measure.
Berry commented on the*~?act that all
who did not {.upport this bill were set
•lown . as Ignorant, and said he would
have Intrusted the framing of the bill to
a oommittf-e representing agricultural and
a'.l other classes rather than to a commit
tee composed of shipbuilding experts p*r-
Eonally inturcpt^d la 5ts benefits.
Tlilman proposed an amendment and
called for Its reading. It proved to be ex
tremely long and related to common car
riers. After, ten papes had been read the
amendment ms !aid aside temporarily to
l-frmit Stewart to make a speech In favor
of the Mil. Before Stewart began Allison
moved that when the Senate adjourn it be
until 11. a., ra. to-morrow, which was
apreed to without dtssent.
Frye Interrupted to state that in a bill
of this kind expert knowledge of the
h'clicst character was absolutely neces
sary, and he h?rd!y thought the'fram'ng
of the bill should have been intrusted to
these v.'ho wore opposed or to Democratic
.Senators, who by their speeches had
fiiown profound ignorance of the facts In
volved.
Berry said fo -measure had been pre-
Fftitcd curing bis service in Congress
v.hioh so openly and flagrantly disregard
ed t!}** principles of and grave to
ft combination of wr-althy interests mil
lions upon million? of the public money.
IJ«> criticized the manner fa which this
bill was drawn up by a «-omm!ttee com
posed chleliy of shipowners who would be
benefited.
I3erry of Arkansas next tools ih? floor.
For she third time in the day Ba^on of
Georgia made t!*e point of the absence
of a quorum, paying that only fourteen
Senators wero present, and only four of
them Republicans. l r ift,v-nine Senators re
pponded to thoir names.
Rawlins 1 of T.'tah continued his speech
:n opposition to the shipping bill, which
he bejran yesterday. H*' contended that
¦our bounty would b«» met by similar sub-
Kidles by other nations. So far as the
public is concerned, the money appro
priated by this bill mi^ht as well be cast
into the sea.
WASHINGTON', Feb. 1.— The shipping
biH was kept steadily at the front In the
Senate to-day, and in order to further ex
pedite its progress a motion was agreed to
for a scssion-t»e?1nnins at 11 a. m. to-mor
row. Senators Riwllns of Utah and Ber
ry of Arkansas occupied most of the time
to-day in speeches of vigorous opposition.
Toward the close of the day a spirited
discussion vras precipitated by an amend
- inent offered by Clay of Georgia proposing
to ljnk the Nicaragua canal bill with the
shipping biJl. The proposition was strong
ly iirged by Frye and Chandler as calcu
lated to embarraff and delay the shipping
W1L Frye appealed to Senators to permit
•she majority., after fair debate, to assume
its responsible tit-fi as a. majority of pas=s
1rpr lh»* .shipping bill. Jones of Arkansas
and Teller of Colorado took a hand in the
discussion, insisting that there should be
no limitation of debate. ; Morgan of Ala
bama, in charge at the Ntcaxagua canal
bill, expressed disapproval of the plan for
linking the canal measure with the ship
ping bill. Faying each should etand on its
own merits. ".¦ . : •
Hold an Earlier
Session.
. Subject ths Senators Agree to '
To Expedite Consideration of the
SUBSIDY BILL
CHIEF TOPIC
Measure Is Ktpt Steadily
to the Front in the
Senate.
SANTA ANA, Feb. l.-The heaviest hail
storm in eight years visited this valley
this afternoon. Neither oranges, lemons
nor celery were seriously injured by the
storm. To-night the snow is lower ln\the
foothills than for the past ten years and
a cold wind Is blowing from the north.
PRESCOTT. Ariz., Feb. 1.— Snow com
menced falling this forenoon and contin
ued at intervals till Just before dark,
when a blinding storm set in and has in
creased in fury since. At 8 o'clock to
night the ground Is covered to a depth of
six Inches, with prospects of the storm
continuing air night. This is the first
snow this winter, and as the total rainfall
prior to this storm was only two inches,
the snow is extremely welcome.
ORANGE, Cal., Feb. 1.— One of the
hardest hailstorms ever experienced In
this vicinity occurred this afternoon. In
a few minutes the ground was white and
snowballing was indulged in. The pre
cipitation was a quarter of an Inch in less
than half an hour. , *
has been falling desultorily for the last
two days turned to hail at 2 o'clock this
afternoon and Los Angelenos were treated
to a spectacle not often witnessed here.
The stones were very large and so soft
that many people insisted that it was
snow. The shower continued about five
minutes and the ground was completely
covered during the fall. It was appar
ently the last effort of the storm, for the
skies cleared immediately afterward and
the sun snone brightly. ~ ¦
The rainfall in the foothills has been
four times what It *has been in the city.
Mountain streams are running and the
Cuyamaca reservoir is filled to the 17-foot
mark to-night. At Morena 1000 inches of
water is running over the dam. The
shower was from the ocean and was not
predicted by the weather service. . :
LOS ANGELES, Feb. l.-The rain which
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 1.— Rain' has' fallen
to-day Jn most every portion of San Diego
County.: except- on the Colorado desert;
and to-night the air Is quite chilly for
San Diego, because of the fact that the
rain of the valleys and seacoast was snow
In the Julian and Cuyamaca mountains.
The snowfall at Julian amounted to five
inches uv to 6. o'clock this evening, while
higher up In the Cuj'amaca Mountains the
fall r/as fourteen inches. At both places
the snow was still falling and at both it
had been preceded by rain. In the city
the fall v.-as only .21 of- an Inch, making
4.03 inches for the season, as against 2.35
inches to the same date last year. The
prospect is for good "crops of wheat as
well as of fruit, both deciduous and cit
rus. Fortunately there was a pood acre
age of wheat put- In and the farmers are
likely to get some return for their labor.
Special EHspatch to 'The Call.
siles and in Several Towns
• Snowballing Affords
' Amusement.
Unusually Cold Weather
Prevails Below Mount
Tehachapi.
Los Angeles Is Pelted With Icy Mis-
..... . £-,_. ,— _
Bishop Potter Agrees to Start the Movement to
Secure Municipal Reform.
VIGILANTES WILL WATCH
NEW YORK'S OFFICIALS
8
SNOW AND HAIL
AT THE SOUTH
THE "/SAX FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 2, lyui.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ADVEETISEK2UT3.
JPorJia Cold inithe Head.
Laxative Brcmo-Qulnlne Tablets.
Clever
Know.. that indigestion waits on
grease and ill-humor or both,
and therefore avoid the use of
greasy and impure hog fat for
shortening and frying. There
is no hog fat in
White
Cottolene
Nothing but pure refined
vegetable oil and choice beef
suet, the use of which means
clean, light, wholesome, appe-
tizing and; easily digested food.
Highly endorsed by eminent
physicians as healthful and
nutritious. Try WHITE
GOTTOLENE once anH you
will always use it. -i * j
¦I The N.K.FaJrbank Company,
, Chicagcy— Sole Manufacturers.
' FRFE ' Our dalR ty booklet,
i T ». * } t " A Publlc Se - ret -"
. mailed free to any . address..
¦:¦¦-, For i two - 2c stamps we will
: -:.-¦ send . free our, i:5-pa^re recliJe
book." "Home .Helps," edited
r»ITOI(TfcC__ Mexican .Store. j.'c.
:VUK1U9,..; Davidson, s 124 Kearny" 1 st.
Carved ' Leather Goods. : Linen • Hand-drawn
Work. Fire Opals; Jewelry and Curios Indian
Baskets.': Mexican Figures. : Fine goods at less
than "; wholesale v: cost. ;= Pine Car\-ed ; Leather
Belts,-, cheap at tl 60;. last " chance: price. 75c.
FOR
SATURDAY, MONDAY and TUESDAY !
Best CREAMERY Bl.'JTKR, per square
ZiTrf, or 2 squares for .'..-. G5e
Try It- It Is delicious,
.gecond CREAMERY BUTTER, per sq.... 30e
Good DAIRY BUTTER, per square. 25c
3$ lbs Beet CAKE SUGAR.. fl.OO
N Be«t JAVA and MOCHA COFFEE, per 3b 25c
Beet 'HONDO'S LATER CLUSTER RAI-
SINS. 3 lbs for 25e
Best MISSION FXJGS. per dozen. .:.'. »Oc
12 lb« of CHOICE GERM AN. PRUNES... 25c
CHOICETAIiLE PEACHES. PEAKS or
APRICOTS, per can ¦. 3Oc
Bert EASTERN HAMB, per lb.. .' 12 C
Thee* Hrrr.s are cuaranteed. <
NEW TEAS, any brand you- trtsh, per lb. 4Oc
Regular COc. . s . -
EWEETCAKES — LEMON', GINGER.
NICNACS or FIG BARS, per lb 10c
CHOICE SUGAR CORN. 3 cans 25c
GOOD SUGAR PEAS, per can O5e
GOOD. t-TEAR-OLD PORT or SHERRY
VriXE. per bottle' 25 C
Per rallon ....; oog
- GOOD ZINFANDEL CLARBT. per gal.. 9r,c
Best Old BOURBON -WHISICET. per ral.f 2J5O
Per bottle -j c
REMEMBER THE STORES
O'CONNOR BROS.,
122 and 124 NINTH ST.,
And 226 SIXTH ST.
STANLEUIRSBIP.
PThe STANL.ET AJE^rAL NA^GATION
COMPANY OFF-ERP A. REWARD to any per-
ron who v'.u Snform the president or secretary
nf the company of the party or parties who
offer any Stanley Aerial Navigation Company
ptock fcr , sale at less than five dollars per
ehare. CHAS. STANLEY, President.
CHAS. NEWMAN, Secretarj'.
-OtRce 702 Market st.
i^9J Slaii <l2rd renjcdir for Gleet, y^—**. I
¦\^*^fi Gonorrhoea and Runnings /urrtv 1 I
I* 48 HOURS. Cures Kid- CmlDTl
ney and Bladder Troubles. \~S j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tf% H I A I jf^k Laflln & Rand Waterproof
H|S Bnl V* Smokeless Powder. In bulk
I _ a U a»l and load<^l In shells. Sen<l
S n S I fllu ¦ ¦ ftr catalogue of sporting
%ffi V Blw Kiwi.'. CEO. W. SHUEVE.
739 Market street.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual 'organs. Depot. 323 Market.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEiO.
Stea— — » "•*"* •>*•*< cc'K"
, MON.. Tue*.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at J-C
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p.m. (ex. Thurs. nl?J»t): Frl- 4
days. 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 3 - f
p. m. Landlnar and office. Mlaalon-stre«t Dock.
Pier No. 2. Teleplpno 'M»ip 1303.
OC2LAJT TRAVEL.
Al»AaCtfA€ ff.f A HTOII, Um, NEVI
oecaaics.5.io. -'-a
SS. MAUIPOSA' (Honolulu only)
; .Saturday. February 2, 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA,, for Tahiti
......... ...Friday. February 8. 4 p. m.
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand and Austrs.Ha
Wednesday; February 13. at }> m.
I UPBECKEIS k BBSS. CO., Bsneral Agents, 327 Sarket St
Een'l Passenger Offia, 643 Market St.. fvj la. 7. Pacifi: St
|/nAR| Aft I IMF KATHOR.5500 Tons
Si \ ai !\ I I M I- OCTAVIA.70W Tons
IMJuIbIUO LHlL LUXOR.. .6500 Tons
>>W ** SERAPIS.4000 Tons
Monthly sailing: for Valparaiso and Hamburg
via Mexican ports. Central. South America, etc.
SESOSTRIS SAILS ABOUT February 5. 1901.
J. 0. SPRECRELS & BROS. CO., Esnsra! Agents. 327 Kartet St,
Een'l Passanosr Cffia, 813 Harkst St., Pier Eo. 7, Pacific St
PANAMA -R..1 S-
To NEW YORK 'via PANAMA Direcl
Cabin, 910.1; Steerage, *1O.
S. S. ARGYLL sails February 5.
S. S. HO ANOEE sails February 19.
S. S. ST.fPATJI, sails MTarcli 5.
From wharf, foot of Fremont st.at 2 p. m.
Freight and pas?enzw offlce. 330 Market St.
F. F. CONNOR. PaclHc Coast Agent.
PACIFIC: STEAM NAVIGATION CO. AND . A
COMPANIA SDD AMERICAN A DE TAP OSES
To Valparaiso, stoppln* at Mexican. Central
and faouth 'American ports. From section No.
1. Seawall. Saillr.c: v" :
S. S. • GUATEMALA :..". February ' 7. J901
H. S. PALENA • .........February 2f), 1901
S. S. COLOMBIA....... ...:..... ..March 7. 1901
S. S., TUCAPEL.. ....:... ;. March ». 1901
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American .- passengrer • service.
(No, change at Acapolco or Panama.) Vreisht
and passenirer offlce, 316 California street. * •-
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agentl.
C0KPAONIE GENERAtl! TRAN3ATLASTIQUS.
: DIRECT LINE > TO : HAVRE-PARIS. \^«*»
Sailln< every Thursday, Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. ra.; from Pl«r 42, -J^fif^H
North River.' foot of Morton street.*. First class
to Havre. .*55 and" upward. —Second-class to
Havre." $45 and upward.- GKJfEftALi ACEXCT
FOR' UNITED STATES AM) '¦ CANADA, S3
Broadway (Hudson bulldln?), New York. J.
F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. ¦ 5
Montgomery avenue. " San \ Francisco. Tickets
sold by all Railroad Ticket Asents. * * * :
-THE 0. H. 'ft H. CO. .•
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street TTharf at 11 a. m.
CA DC $12 First Cross Including Berth
I All L $a Second Class aijd Meals.
COLtTMBIA Sails.-. Feb. 2, 13. 22. Mar. t
GKO. "W. ELDER Sails Feb. 7, 17. 27, Mar. 9
Short LJne to "Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
I 1 trough tickets to all points East.
E C WARD, General A«"nt.
- 613 Market »t.
AMERICAN LINE.
VXir TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOHSO*. PABI3L
Stopplnr at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Kensington Teb. 131 Vaderland March «
St. Louis Feb. 201 St. Louis March 13
New York FetxT7lNew York March 29
RED STAR LINE.
(*ew York and Antwuro.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday, 12 coon.
Kensington ..'...Feb. UlSouthwark ...March •
Noordland s Feb. 201 Westernland ..March M
Frlesland .. ...:.Fetx 27l Kensington ...March 20
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Ascent Pacific Coa.«t.
30 Montgomery street.
TOYO KIS1N KAISHA.
STEAMERS ¦WlLL'l.BAVE XTTtATtV. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. .
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calling at
Kobe (Hioeo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc ' No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
...;.. Tuesday. February 19. 1301
SS. AMERICA MARU.. ..Friday. March 13. 13C1
SS. HONGKONG MARU
- Tuesday. April 9. 1901
Round-trip tlcketa at redaced rates. • For
freight and passase apply at company's offlce,
43 Market street, corner First.
W. H. A VERY. General Aggnt.
BAY AND EIVEP. STEAMERS.
trrr tork.
\ ' Steamers leave Broadway
Nk wharf, San Francisco.
fPifc-.-, ¦ For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
WgNWhk Feb. 5. 10. 15; 20. 23. March Z.
|<|5»J*J2© l B'te Change to company's steamera
fg^SM^jrt^ For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
* wlUll ¦¦' fll-M c >- Port Townseml. Seattle.
{. Taroms, Everett, Anacortes '
and New 'Whatcora <Wash.>—
It a. ra., Feb. 5. 10. 15, 29. 23.
March 2. and every flfth day thereafter. Chans*
at Seattle for this company's steamers- for
AIa*ba and G. X. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma
to N.-P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
. For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. Feb. t.
7. 12. 17, 23. 27. March 4. and every flfth day
thereafter.
. For San Dtefra. stopping only at Santa. Bar-
bara, Port Los Ang-193 and ReiloiuJo (Los An-
gpl«3)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. .9 a. m. •
Fof Santa Cruz. Monterey, Pan Simeon, Cay--
ucos. Port Harford <San Lufs Oblspo>. G*vl-
ota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenetne. San
Pedro, East San Petfro (Los Angeles) and
Newport— Steamer Corcna. Fridays, 9 a. rn. :
steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Mafrfalena Bay. San Jp«» del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Gaayraas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. ,
The company reserves the fUht to chanjra
steamers, sailing date* and hours of salting-,
¦without prevlmj^ not^"».
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). t
GOODALU PFBKIXS * CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market. St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
. . PAIITE'S CELERY COMPOUND. *' _,_"
The Playwright Saved From Breakdown
by Paine's Celery Compound,
When a brainy man like David Belasco. bilious or nervous attacks,
the brilliant adapter o* "Zaza," the teach- Palne's celery compound has saved thon-
er of its leading: actress, Mrs. Leslie Car- sands of people from nervous prostration,
ter; the author of season after season's It has made thousands well. It has cured
most successful plavs. "The Heart of where everything else has failed.
Maryland," "Hearts of Oak," etc.: tan In cases of severe neuralgia, rheuma-
hardest worked and the ablest stage dlrec- tlsm. heart palpitation, dyspepsia, and ,
tor in America — nervous feebleness, Paine's celery com- •
"When such a wideawake manager of pound Is the only remedy that goes to thr»
his own and other people's affairs deliber- root of the troubte. It fortifies th« weak-
ateljr turns to'Paine's celery compound as ened system acainst these disorders ancl
the one safe and sure J invigorator for his builds up a strong, healthy body. ¦
overworked nervous system, only willful There Is no community in America with-
prejudlees oan hesitate to eive full credit out some perfectly attested cure of liver
to this greatest of all remedies. or kidney disease, chronic constipation.
. "I have used Paine's celery compound," salt rheum, plaguing eczema, or general
says Mr. Belasco, "and found it of great poor health by the use qf Palne's celery
benefit after hard work." compound. Impaired strength and un-
Mr. Belasco has managed more actors strung nerves, made known by numbness
who have, become famous and taken of the limbs, nervousness, and, worse taaa
charge of more big theaters from San all, by a melancholy state of mind— all
Francisco to New Tork than any living these weaknesses become things of the
person. He has seen time and tim« again past after taking Palne's celery corn-
members of "the profession" who were pound. .
"run down" and on the verge of nervous Wherever men and women work and
exhaustion, gain in. strength and vigor as strive Palne's celery compound Is regarded
soon as they began the use of Palne's" as a godsend. In shop, office, factory, an 1'
celery compound. Theatrical people, a* among the weary wives and mothers wh"»
a body, have learned that the best way bear the burden of domestic work, Palne'a
to keep their nervous systems strong and celery compound is prolonging life by
capable'of doing. the hard work demanded strengthening every bodily function an;l
of them Is to use Paine's celery compoun.l driving out disease.
whenever they feel tired i out,- languid. It is a peerless remedy in all cases of
dull, or are suffering, from dyspepsia or enfeebled nerves and foul' blood.LJLLIE LEVY, WHO HAS APPEARED SO OFTEN FOR CHARITY, WILL
SINCJ AT FISCHER'S.
Photo by Bushnell.
; Detectives Ryan ' and O'Dea arrested
James Purcell.", a laborer. ; last 4 night and
charged him with burglary. On the night
of January 20 Purcell j broke into af ware
house at Secondhand Townsend streets
and stole ten cases of _ whisky. The stolen
llauor was .found In. a restaurant at 13
Vallejo. street, where it had been sold by
Purcell. ¦¦ '": _
Steals 'Ten Cases of Whisky.
Catherine. Smith, ' an. Incompetent, by.
her guardian, Mamie A. Smith, filed suit
yesterday against her former husband,
James P. Smith, to set aside a decree of
divorce procured by him on the ' ground
of intemperance in . July of 1893. Mam'e
A Smith, the guardian, who Is a daughter
of the plaintiff, alleges that her .father
misled and deceived the court as to the
condition of Mrs. Smith's mind and
tt.rough such deception procured the de
cree as stated. , V-"
Wants Her Husband Back.
• Judge Cabariiss, ¦ accompanied by De
tective Dillon, went to the Receiving Hos
pital yesterday and got Henry Armbrust,
1SS1 Stockton street, to swear to a warrant
for the arrest of. Gus Pope. 6 Congress
street on a charge of assault to murder.
Armbrust alleges that Pope, who attacked
him. had no cause for his action, for, he
says. He simply called at Pope's house for
the sole purpose of getting the premium
for the insurance on his life. Armbrust
in an agent for the Pacific Mutual Llfo
Insurance Company..' .
Warrant for Pope's Arrest.
The Eoard of Examiners • In the civil
service examination for assistant plumb
ing Inspectors under the Board of Health
filed a statement with the commission
yesterday denying a report that the key to
the questions was given out to certain fa
vored applicants on the day of the ex
amination. The board consists of Rich
ard Rice, Charles AVetherbeo and Fred
erick W. Snook and they aver that the
answers were not prepared until fully- a
month after the examination.
Key to Civil Service Questions.
Attorney Ashford addressed . the Grand
Jury in an effort to secure an indictment
against Arthur Martin, who M. Rose ac
cused of swindling him out of $5000. The
transaction grew out of the alleged pur
chase of fraudulent claims against "Nob
by". Clarke, and a warrant for Martin's
arrest was refused because the matter
, was barred by the statute of limitations.
The Grand Jury deferred action.
The Grand Jury met yesterday and aft
er disposing of a minor. matter decided'
to meet next Wednesday night for the
purpose of Investigating gambling In
Chinatown. : ¦ '¦*"-.•:*"¦
Grand Jury to Probe Gambling.
The Native -Sons of Vermont and their
many friends filled Odd Fellows' Hall last
evening to overflowing. Those who came
late were unable to find seats, so large
was the 'crowd. In addition to the elec
tion of the officers who are to serve dur
ing the coming year, a most enjoyable en
tertainment was given by the Ladies' Cen
tury Club.
The following officers were elected:
President, V. F. Northrop; first vice pres
ident, Daniel T. Cole; second vice presi
dent, Gecrge Partridge; third vice presi
dent. W. J. domers: secretary, S. G.
Cheever; treasurer, Albert E. Lucas. The
Introduction of V. F. Northrop, the newly
elected president. was followed by the pre
sentation of a valuable gold watch and
chain to Hon. Kdward A. Belcher, the re
tiring president. The presentation speech
was made by President Northrop, who on
behalf of the association thanked his pre
decessor in office 'for his untiring efforts
in conducting the affairs of the society In
a successful and highly satisfactory man
ner.
Judge Belcher, though taken . : by sur
prise, made, a happy and feeling Bpeech.
He thanked the members for the good
feeling so freely exhibited and the gener
ous support tendered him during his occu
pancy of the presidential chair of the so
ciety.
The entertainment which followed was
one of the cleverest given by amateurs In
years and reflected great credit on. the
members of the "Ladies' Century Min
strels." Miss Etta Welsh acted as lnter
.loculor and was ably- assisted by Misses
Agnes- Sullivan, Annie Kane and Frances
Gaughran, bones, and Misses Virginia
Stock. Elizabeth Rlordan and Margaret
McCarthy, tambos. Vocal solos were ren
dered during the first part by Misses
Marie Bernard, Etta Welsh, Virginia
Stock, Frances Gaughran, Agnes Sullivan,
Margaret McCarthy and Cella McGuire.
The. entertainment concluded with a plan
tation scene, which afforded the members
of the club another opportunity to show
their ability in special lines. The partici
pants in the scene were Misses Annie. I.
Roney, May Toung, Etta Welsh. Ella Cof
fey and Virginia Stock and the "Topsy-
Tiirvy Pickaninnies." Helen Doyle, Katie
McCarthy; Genevleve Doyle, Grace
Welsh and Rose Duggan. "In My Old
Kentucky Home" was «ung with effect by
Miss Roney. who was ably assisted in the
chorus by Misses Welsh, Young and Cof
fey. After the entertainment the many
guests of the Vermonters enjoyed a, social
dance.
VEBMONTEBS ENTERTAIN
THEIR MANY FBTENDS
Retiring , President of Association
| Presented.Witli.a Handsome Gold /
Watch and Chain. '". , ' .
Dr. : Wiiliam Fitch Cheney
Causes a Sensation by
Plain v Words.
¦ ¦-; •".' Vv;' '¦' '?,/'¦. ' '" • '--' : : -¦¦ • >
Declares ITo. Child's Mind Should Be' 1
| Taxed 1 ¦ Before It . Is at
• Least TenvYeara ;
'.-.¦;., 'of Age. : -•-'-.'
Speaking before a large audience at the
Cooper Medical, College last night. Pro
fessor; William Fitch Cheney branded the
public-' school ashore -. of the 'most active
disseminators \ of .disease in children
which, exists, in this- community. -As a
remedy he eUsgested regular daily medi
cal inspection of' each pupil, by which
means every. ailing orie could be weeded
out and sent -to ¦ a hospital or home be
fore the conjaglon had time to spread.
*Many women were In Dr. Cheney's audi
ence and his words created, a sensation
among them. The speaker,' while making
no direct. reflection on the San Francisco
public schools, .contrasted", them • with,
those in the East, In which the- hygiene
of the scholars is an essential. feature. .
The lecture was one of the scries of bi
weekly' Lane lectures, and ".the subject
was, "How ' to ' Prevent Disease in. Chil
dren." The' speaker divided his subject
into three divisions— heredity, children's j
surroundings And Improper food — making
valuable suggestions for radical reform In ;
all these. . • .,. 1 i
Heredity was eaid by: the lecturer to be
a fertile cause of sickness in children, and
he saw no way out of this difficulty but
the regulation of marriages. Regular
hours,, regular, food and sanitary sur
roundings are Dr. Cheney's secondary de
slrerata for. the -rearing of ¦> healthy chil
dren, but his most -original observation,
and one which made a visible sensation,
was that no attempt should be made to
train the mind of any child under 10 years
of age. Till that age, according to the
speaker, tha juvenile mind should He fal
low. There is tco much of cramming In
the. mod em scheme of education, was his
dictum. ¦ •¦:--.' ¦ • ¦
PUBLIC SCHOOLS
SPREAD DISEASE
For a. Cold in the Head
T t-:~1'vo P.rcmo-Quinlne Tablets. •
The members of ' the Bakers'
Union have decided tliat six days should
be • enough to ¦ constitute : a '¦ week's * work
and hereafter, will labor, no more on Sun
days. This was decided at their lastmeet
iPF'flt.YWRFh'rEton 'Square Hnll -
Italian Bakers Favor Short Week.
When built, 1 , will, prove -the 'link between pros
perity \ and many > people.V .It will .prove - a
blessing to humanny.ln general. Improving the
condition of -the "nation, 5 as j Hostetterfs; Stom
ach Bitters does that of* the Individual.: Noth
ing to equal thi? remedy has ev«>r A .bcen . dis
covered : for all ailments- of the Btomach, liver,"
bowels .: and * kidneys.?- It" will ¦ <iuickly "- clean**
Ibe blood i and ' sharpen ¦ the ; appetite, -6e* that
our > Private Revcnu« Stamp covers " tb« ¦¦ neck
ortno wi:r ' . ;• , ¦_. ¦ _;..-..•.
The Nicaragua Canal;
Jacob Silligo was found unconscious: In
a cellar at E6 Thirteenth street yesterday
by ; officers from "the* Seventeenth"" street
police .station and removed- to the City
and County Hospital. The physicians
there say there is little hope for his re
covery.' ¦ ¦ ' '¦ : ; . ' ¦•¦ •-: '¦;-"¦ ¦• ' * ;
J Found "Unconscious in a ' Cellar.
Iroquois CSub Meets.
The Iroquols Club neld a meeting last
evening in Pythian Castle. During tho
session the subject was brought up and
discussed at length whether the Legisla
ture has the right to investigate the work
ings of the Police Department of this city.
4 president. William Cannon claimed that
the Legislature has this right; but Judge
Lemon disagreed with Cannon, • claiming
the Legislature • has no such right and
that it oould not legally subpena any per
son'ln reference to the n\Ut«r.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Edith. A. Goldstein from Morris
Goldstein for- failure to provide and fid
win Haydcn; from Josephine" Hayden- for
infidelity. Suits 'for divorce have 'been
filed by Gertrude Walsh against: George
Walsh for : failure to provide, Alexander
Lons against Gertrude E. Long for deser
tion, Juliana Damon ¦ against - Heinrich
Damon for ; cruelty, Minnie Schulze
against . Ernest for - desertion,
Mary Parfett against .Walter Parf ett for
cruelty and -Georgia V ¦Clifton -.-against
Charles B. Clifton for failure to provide.
In the Divorce Court.
J. Cohn, who recently opened a general
men's furnishing store at 709 Market
street, has been attached for $20,000 by the
Sheriff on behalf of several creditors.
Cohh recently opened the store and la
bored hard to make it a success. His
stock- was expensive . and he was com
pelled to add to it in order to keep up to
date, while the money failed to flow Into
his coffers as fast as he expected. The
attachment is the result.
Men's Furnisher Fails.
Bobs His Stepfather.
Last Wednesday afternoon the resi
dence of T. B. Woods, at^M Post street,
was entered and a lot of Jewelry valued
at $300 taken. The burglary was at once
reported to the police and through the ef
forts of Detectives Dinan and Wren and
Policeman Prowle the stepson of Woods,
who Is known as Clay Royal, and a
schoolmate named Joseph Llneburg were
last night arrested and charged with the
crime. Both the boys admitted their
Erullt. The detectives recovered most of
the property.
The News Letter comes out to-day with"
a zip, and he who runs may read some
thing of interest in Its columns. There is
a finished article on the personality of
Queen -Victoria by one who had en op
portunity Of studying the late ruler at
close range. The Inimitable Reginald
Schuyler has seen the Duke of Manches
ter and is quite willing to tell -how his
Grace as .he is now, compares with the
Manchester who visited Monte Carlo. The
paper has as a frontispiece pictures of the
four crack horses to race at the Tanforan
sweepstakes.: The Town Crier and Looker
On are, as usual, the best of. their kind.
To-l>ay's News Letter.
The total receipts of the San Francisco
Gas and Electric Company, according to
its report, were J2.116.275 30, expenditures
51.45S.157 76. leaving a net profit of $628.
117 54. Twelve dividends were paid
amounting to $564,097 1>6. The cost of the
plant is given at $13,042,578 55 and Its esti
mated present value ?U.500,000.
The total receipts of the Equitable Gas
light Company a» reported were $87,287 50
and expenditures $55,236 S3 for the last six
months of 1900.
The revenue of the Mutual Electric
Company for 1900 was $145,230 SS and ex
penses $111.135 66. :
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company
filed a statement with the . Board of Su
pervisors yesterday showing its revenue
for the fiscal year to be $437,815 15 and its
expenditures $331,480 28 for 1900. The
original cost of the plant Is given, as
$1,520,157 66 and its present value $3,272,
000. The bonded indebtedness is $1,250,000,
with 32,000 shares of capital stock.
Earnings of Light Companies.
Marco Velucevich, a pioneer and once a
prosperous commission merchant of this
city, but now in destitute circumstances,
has brought suit /for maintenance against
his 1 son, John C, and his daughter,
Eleanor Veluceyich. When the action
came up for hearing yesterday In Judge
Graham's court. and after the testimony
of Velucevich had been heard, the attorney
for the defendants moved for a- nonsuit,
on the ground that a parent cannot main
tain a suit against his children for sup
port. The case was taken under advise
ment uritil Tuesday. .
Velucevich alleges In his complaint that
shortly after the death of his wife, five
years ago, he was induced Ijy. his children
to deed them his property, estimated to
be worth $25,000. • This transaction, it is
alleged, was mude on the agreement that
the parent should be supported by his
children, "According to Velucevich's tes
timony, as soon as the children secured
complete possession of the property they
no longer recognized his claims.: He was
reduced, ho says, to the necessity of de
pending on friends for clothing and sup
port.
CHILDREN" REPUDIATE
THEIR FATHER'S CLAIM
Motion to Declare Nonsuit Against
Veluceviclr Has Been Taken
Under Advisement.
mento and Will Testify at
Inquest To-Day.
Coroner Leland will hold an Inquest
upon the body of William Shannon, the
dead burglar, this morning at 10 o'clock,
and Barber Hall will be placed on the
stand to tell the tragic story of his en
counter with Shannon and Wilson and of
his desperate struggle with them,- which/
finally resulted in the killing of Shannon.
Shannon's father came down from
Sacramento yesterday accompanied by hM
14-year-old daughter. He visited tho
Morgue and Identified the body as that
of his son, and was subpenaed to appear
at the inquest this morning. He is a. hard
working, honest man, employed In a box
factory in Sacramento. He said that his
son had been a black Bheep for years.
Fred Wilson, alias Woods, the youthful
criminal, who was with "Brick" Shannon
when he was shot and killed by Barber
Hall* a few nights ago, was positively
identified last night as the man who sev
eral months ago stabbed Robert Stein
brecher, a saloon-keeper; at C31 Washing
ton street. '
Wilson and another man, whose name is
unknown to the police, entered Stcin
brecher's saloon and called for the drinks.
Noticing a suspicious phial In "Wilson's
hand, and convinced that he intended to
administer "knockout" drops to his com
panion, the proprietor of the saloon or
dered him out. Wilson at once left, but
returned in u. short time, and, meeting
Steinbrecher in front of the saloon, pro
ceeded to abuse him. Steinbrecher threat
ened to have him arrested, whereupon the
.desperate criminal drew a pocket-knife
and stabbed him in the stomach, inflicting
an ugly wound. Throwing away the knife
he ran down Washington street and made
his escape. ' <. .
Last night the saloon man positively
Identified Wilson as the man who stabbed
him. He intends to swear to a complaint
to-day, charging him with an assault to
commit murder.
Elder Shannon Arrives From' Sacra-
BODY OF DEAD BUEGLAB
IDENTIFIED BY FATHER
Lest evening a scries of holiness meet
ings were Instituted by the combined
forces of the rank and file of the Salva
tion Army of. this city. The service waa
largely attended.. Mrs. Major Klmball,
who recently arrived in San Francisco.
made ber initial appearance here and was
warmly received.
. During the meeting Commander French
BFk^d those who had felt the blessings of
salvation to Ftand up and make a demon
ptration. Two young men sprang to their
f«*et and testified that they had been saved
at the service. French stated that this
was very good, but he would prefer those
who had borne witness of the blessings
of salvation for a longer period to bear
illness of God's love. Over twelve per
sons then arose and one by one told the
benefits that they ..had received.
Commander French addressed the con
tregation on "The Holy Ghoet Dispensa
tion." He xaid in part: "There can Le no
question that we are living in the Holy
Ghost d!?pen?ation. This was given to
the world long before Chrst came on
#-arth. for the prophets Jn the Old Testa
ment ppoke of St. John baptized in water
but he said, 'There is one that will follow
me whose latchets I am not worthy to
unloose; lie will baptize with the Holy
Ghost." That was a staggerer to the
world, but they foon discovered of ¦what
' John epoke. Christ refers also to the Holy
Ghofit, as he told his disciples that when
he If ft them he would leave the Holy
Gho?t wtih them."
"Everybody that Is saved. Bhout halle
lujah!" rf-quesr*<3 Commander r*rench at
the holiness meeting at the Salvation
Army headquarters last evening. The re-
Kults muft have been up to -the com
snander's most sanguine expectations, for
nearly every orje in the armory responded.
ing cf the Combined Salvation
Army Corps.
COTnTVrATTDEB. FEEKCH
CONDUCTS CAMPAIGN
Large Attendance at Holiness Meet-
. Secretary Holbrook of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals was
present during the identification, and ho
went with Shea to tho City Prison and
saw him booked on the charge of battery.
The ball of 520 had" been put up for Shea
by the society in the expectation of his
arrest, and Holbrook asked that the ball
Bhould be withdrawn as the society would
have nothing to do with Shea's defense
His attorney put up the necessary amount
and he was released. He denied that he
had assaulted Mrs. Green.
J. \V.. Walton, the Poundkeeper, Is In
dignant at the action of Shea and has sus
pended him. He has also suspended O.
A. Stevenson, the driver of the wagon, who
was with Shea, for, It is said, he willfully
made mlsstatements to Secretary Hoi
brook about what had occurred during
the seizure of Mrs. Green's dog. The caso
will be called before Judge Fritz this
morning. : •-. • ¦ '
As there was some misunderstanding
about the serving of the warrant ¦ upon
the deputy poundkeeper who was, accused
of battery by Mrs. Elizabeth Green, 414
Clement street, last Wednesday, morning,
it was arranged that four of the deputies
should be at police headquarters yester
day morning so that Mrs. Green should
have the opportunity of identifying her
assailant. They were brought before he 1 :
and she at once pointed to John Shea as
the man who assaulted her and twisted
her wrist.
Mrs. Elizabeth Green Causes
Arrest of the Deputy
. Poundkeeper.
IDENTIFIES SHEA
AS HER ASSAILANT
Superintendent Thrall De
clares There Is No Side
tracking at Oakland.
— • j
Complaints in relation to the sidetrack-
Ing of incoming Eastern mails at Oakland
mole until extra postal clerks can be sum
moned to distribute them are declared bv
II. P. Thrall, superintendent of the Rail
way Mail Service, to have no foundation
In fact. Mr. Thrall also denies that
enough clerks had bean transferred from
the Ocden route to leave his department
shorl of help, and says on the contrary
his working force has been Increased
more than 25 per cent since July, 1S9S. In
discussing the matter yesterday Mr.
Thrall said:
"A number of new railway posts have
been created during the past eighteen
months along the Southern Pacific -and
other railroad lines. The service is gcn
erallv improved, particularly in the agri
cultural districts of Southern California
According to the department's rules tht
railroad- companies are required, to lui
rilsh all facilities. demanded for properly
handling the mails, but it is on the lons
haur contracts that- they make a prottt
and, as a matter of fact, protests against
the losing service demanded of them over
the shorter routes recently. put in opera
tion have been made by them., •. •
••During the holiday, time, the incoming
mails cannot be fully worked,. and aomo
clerks are required to report here and are
then sent to Oakland lo lend a hand in
distributing the unawoi ted mail.. rTBU
mall is never delayed, however, in deliv
#»v even during the busiest seasons, and
usually leaves Oakland on the last boat
every nieht in time to be distributed for
the first morning delivery. Any reports
to the effect that the clerks are over
worked, or that the department is short
of a sufficient force lo manage the malls
expeditiously. are untrue, and evidently
emanated from some disgruntled member
of the force having to work a few hours
out of the five days' rest allowed him be
tween trips. ' r '."?"' *v.«
-••I have recommended a plan to tne
Poetofflce Department which, if adopted,
and I think it will be, will obviate ths
necessity of the mall3 being held at Oak
land under any circumstances. :.
There are now Ilftv-six mall clerks
working on the route between San Fran
cisco and Ogden, a considerable increase
during the past year, while 40G clerks con
stitute the entire working force for this
department of the postal service, or 109
more than were employed in 1838.
EASTERN MAILS
ARE NOT DELAYED
Lillie Levy, a charming little miss, tal
ented, young and a native daughter, is the
latest* recruit to the vaudeville stage. She
will make her debut at Fischer's Concert
hall next Monday- night in an original
song and dance' specialty.
a.iIss Levy is well known to San Fran
ciscans through her clever interpreta
tions of character comedy given at many
local charity entertainments.
Miss Levy affords a striking example of
determination to succeed. She has worked
hard to perfect herself In her chosen pro
fession and well deserves whatever tri
umph the future holds for her.
Manager Fischer is enthusiastic when
he speaks of his protege and prophesies a
great success for her when she makes her
debut upon the stage of bis theater. .
Judge Murasky asked Mr. Wheeler what
was to be done in the case at bar when
the contest had been ' abandoned "before
the recount was complete, nineteen-, pre
cincts "yet remaining to be recounted.
Wheeler answered, that the court' must
take the number of votes credited to each
candidate by ._ the Election Commission
from,, the uncounted " precincts, as , prima
facie evidence that ¦ the - numbers - were
correqt and add them .to the -corrected
figures on the court record; which, he
s-aid. would give- Costello the office by
u handsome' majority. ¦ Wheeler further
contended that the contest could not be
abandoned after having been taken up
for hearing by tho court to the exclusion
of the right of his client to demand his
right under the code. • . . . . . ¦.
Graham's counsel pointed to what they
termed "fatal defects" In the theory of
the other side and quoted a portion of
Eection 1122 of the Code of Civil Pro
cedure In support of their position. This
section provides that the court must.be
governed In the trial of contests by the
lules of law and evidence governing the
determination of questions of- law or
fact. Rules of law, they say, give either
side the right :to amend their pleadings,
frequently against the objection of the
other side, and always when the other
side ' consents. Daingerfleld's counsel
made the motion for leave to amend, It
is pointed out, and Graham's counsel con
sented. Now Costello, whom they "refer
red to as an Interloper, comes into court
and asks that they fee denied the right to
adhere to the usual forms of pleading
and practice and the rules of law. If one
candidate can do this, they conclude that
all candidates could do the same, which
would .result in endless confusion.
After being- thus informed Judgre Mu
rasky took the case under advisement
and announced to counsel that they
might expect an early decision.
Mr. Wheeler also, contended that even
though they were given the right to
amend their pleadings neither Dalnger
lield's nor Costello's counsel could accu
rately estimate the number, of votes
which would have legally been allowed
Costello, "and," said Wheeler, "we 1 assert
that even though this waa done that Cos
tello would still have a' handsome ma
jority, as a faithful tally of the records
disclosed."
Costello relies upon section 23 of the
Code of Civil Procedure, which provides
that at the end of the hearing of a contest
of election the court must declare"
the person receiving the highest number
of votes elected. As Costello was not a
party to the contest between Daingerfleld
and Graham, ballots upon which he was
voted for, even though they contained a
distinguishing mark or were otherwise
invalid, were not thrown out. Many hun
dreds of ballots were thrown out against
both Daingerfleld and Graham, with the
result that at the end of the recount Cos
tello was credited with. more votes," ac
cording to the figures of the Election
Commission, than either Daingerfield or
Graham, according to the court record.
Counsel for Costello claim that Dainger
fleld's act in crediting Costello with Hie
number allowed him by the Election Gom
mission in his pleadings, and' as evidence
established the accuracy of the number of
votes credited to him ; in the pleadings,
makes it prima-facie evidence of the fact
that such legal number of votes are .now
credited to Costello. Continuing on this
line Costello holds that as the records of
the court show that both Daingerfleld and
Graham have a smaller number of legal
votes, it is now too late for either of them
to Question the legality of the number
credited to him and preclude him from
the right to the office, by amending the
pleadings and crediting him with a smaller
number of votes than the Incumbent, Gra
ham.
On the other side Judge. Graham coun
seled with Attorneys Rlordan and kande,
who didn't "follow lines of reasoning to
their ultimate conclusion." as did-Whee
ler, but argued what they called "common
sense" and Justice. Judge Murasky was
evidently now very thoroughly impressed
with either the "ultimate conclusions" or
the "common sense," for it wasn't late in
the day when he ordered the matter sub
mitted and went to his . chambers In
search of law, or in its absence for a few
"treatises on justice" by learned jurists
on conditions of fact, though hardly par
.allel and as fully tangled as those in
volved in. the case at bar.
In the absence of authorities, Supreme
Court theories or common law precedents,
Attorney Charles S. Wheeler. ex-Judge
William T. Wallace and Barclay Henley
sought yesterday by means of various
shades and degrees of* reasoning to con
vince Superior Judge Murasky that Ste
phen V. Costello now stands in the eye
of the law as the legally elected candidate
for the office of Superior Judge, in the
stead and place of either Judge William
R. Daingerfleld or. Judge Thomas F. Gra
ham. AVheeler did the arguing on, behalf
of Costello, Judge Wallace lent s'trength
to the same with .his venerable presence
and Henley looked as mad as though op
position to the motion was worthy of
naught but his contempt.
. • . - ¦ - *
In the Absence of Authorities Coun-,
sel Are Compelled to Rely on
Theories and Pieces .
of the Code.
Attorney Wheeler Argues
Against Graham and
Daingerflald.
COSTELLO'S CASE
AWAITS JUDGMENT
Josephine Smith, whose initial effort as
¦L Portia in Judge Daingerfle4d's court
furnished much amusement for the court
frequenter* and more misery for her far
mer husband. Charles EL Smith, cashier
of the Sputhern Pacific Company, has!
file*! an affidavit ,in .which she makes full!
confession that as a lawyer she has found
herself a failure. Her husband's lawyer
and the court knew this before Mrs.
Smith saw fit to .make the confession, but
It Is not for the purpose- of supporting
their knowledge that Mrs. Smith haa filed j
the affidavit, but in an effort to secure
another le^al round or two with her
husband before finally abandoning him
to the ccmtentroent of a .grass widower's
life, which he now enjoy?. . ¦
Mrs. Smith has secured an attorney and |
has moved for another trial of the action
through -which her former husband pro- I
cured a decree of absolute divorce on the
ground of extreme : cruelty. In support
of her motion for a new trial. Mr*. Smith
has prepare an affidavit containing her
frank admission of incapability as a law
yer, topether with a few poignant thrusts
-at Fosha-y Walker, her former husband s
ccunfel. and others connected vrlth his ,
tide of the case.
' "Shortly after her relations with At- j
torney Samuel M. Shortr'.dpe. who rep-;
resented' tier, hart termianted,. the case
was called." Mrs. Smith pays in her affl- ;
davit, "and not fully appreciating the;
dang-er*. difflculUes and unpleasant con
ditions that would p-jrround such- an at
tempt, this affiant did undertake her own
defense. During the days of the trial j
Foshay Walker. who represented the :
plaintiff, was kind and considerate and j
aid*»»l this affiant in tryinjr her cape
jpainst that nf his client until the day
upon which thl* affiant eouffht a continu
ance of the case until after Christmas
that sh<» mij?ht rest and subpena her wit
reuses." • ¦ • ¦ ¦
Here Mrs, Smith begins her attack. Con
:iruir.jr she says that Judpe Daingerfield,
islicn th" made hf-r motion for a contin
u;iTice, turned to Mr. Walker and asked
him how long: it would take for him to;
j-ut In the rest of his testimony. Mr. I
Walker answered that it would take \
giboot twenty minutes, whereupon the j
• art ordered the case continued until I
tftQ following morning, derijing Mrs.
Smith's motion for a longer stay. Mrs.
KmJth says that she forthwith left the
< ourtroom a sick and desperate woman. ;
TJ.at eveninp, Ehe claims, she hurried '
through the rain until ehe finally located
Foshay Walker. He invited her Into his
house, she Fays, and there said he sym
pathized with her. statin? that he under
stood iier sufferinjfs and knew what she
had to contend with, and concluded by
Mrs. Smith avers, that at one
t'me ho tried to wash his hands of the
<-^e. "for Smith didn't treat him square."
Walker, she further says, told her to send
a letter to Judge Dalng-erfield telling him
that she was ill and desired a continu
ance, and ihat he would not object to the
fame. *
Acting en this -advice she did send a let
ter to Judge Daingerfield. but. greatly to
her Furprlse she says, her request for a
continuance was opposed by Walker, the
hearing was continued and Smith secured
his decree. Mrs. Smith attacks Walker'^
integrity, and claims that he violated his
word, and if no other cause existed con
j<»nde sne should be granted a new trial.
The motion will be heard by Judge Mu
ra5ky on Friday.
Files Affidavit in Which She
Admits She Made a Bad .
Mistake.
Prays the Court, to Grant Her An
other Chance to Best Her Form- • "
er Husband In Divorce
Proceedings.
JOSEPHINE SMITH
FAILS AS PORTIA
THE cSAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATOOT
Little Lillie Levy to Make -Her Debut at Fischer's
in Original Songs and Dances.
TALENTED MISS ADOPTS
THE VAUDEVILLE STAGE
9
After years of struggle to attain and merit public confidence, with a firm
and steadfast 'belief that some day others would recognize in us the truth,
pood faith, and. honesty of purpose •which we know we possess, what a genu-
ine satisfaction it is to. succeed, and to realize the uplifting influence of the
merited confidence of a vast army of our fellow beings.
, Thus stands the Pinkham name in New England, and all over America,
§ and nowhere is the faith iu Lydia B. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound greater
than in New England, its home. Merit, and merit alone, can gain this.
ORGANIC -INFtAMM ATION. PAINFUL PERIODS.
: -' u'Deab' Mbs7 Pprkni'MT— "I was "I cannot help but feel that Jt Is
| troubled very,; badly with inflamma- my duty to do something in regard to
tion of th3 bladder, was sick in bed recommending your wonderful medi-
with it. I had two doctors, but. they 5 *^ cine. I must say it
did me no good. A friend gave me t~^^&^^^\ is the grandest
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- ff medicine on earth,
pound, and it helped me. I have now __ Ui Jand have advised
taken three bottles of it, and I am \W[ 5 S^fi^§*Vy a S?*** many suf-
entirely cured. It is a God-send to ] Vj fj}} H faring with female
any woman, and I would rcco»\men,d it H \ J-^jH I J troubles to take it.
to any one suffering as I was. .1 think, jj} /js^ •» / a, I tell people I wish
if -most. of the women, would- take it— ' i^^^^._ could go on the
more of your medicine instead of \k\\^^^£^ platform and lec-
going'to the doctors, they would be ,m*«^^\tcS£!^'1 to**" 001 * it.
better off. The Compound has also V<JRyu~?RALL^' " My trouble waa
cured my hu3band of kidney trouble." q p/^^-^ painful menstrua-
Mbs. Mabel Gooket, ation. The suffering I endured pen
Box 160. Mechanic Falls, Maine. cannot describe. I was treated by
NPIH'A! IC PDncTD ATIOM one oi our mos t prominent physicians
NERVOUS PROSTRATION. here for five months, and found myself
" For two years I suffered from getting worse instead of better. At
nervous prostration, the result of the end of the fifth month he told me
¦ female weakness. I had leucorrhoea h 0 had done all he could for me, and
very badly, and at time of menstrua- that I had better go to the hospital,
tion would be obliged to go to bed. •* jjy sister advised me to try your
Also suffered with headaches, pain Vegetable Compound, as it cored her
across back, and in lower part of o f backache. I did so, and took ft
abdomen. I was so discouraged. I faithfully, and am now cured of my
had read of Lydia E. Pinkham's Com- trouble, and in perfect health, many
rjund, and concluded to give it a trial. - thanks to your medicine. I cannot
wrote to Mrs. Pinkham, and received praise it enough, and would recom-
a very nice letter in return. I began • mend it to all who suffer from any
at once the use of her Vegetable Com- female weakness." — Mks. H. S. Ball,
pound and Blood Purifier, and am now 451 Orchard St., 2*ew Haven, Conn.
] feeling splendid. I have no more pain ,
at monthly periods, can do my own (fennn RPWfiRn —We have deposited
work, and have g-ained ten pounds. I JSnijUIJ " wlth **• National
would notbe without your Vegetable u^&Sj* £ n L^ ' c »d 33
Compound. It IS a splendid medicine. the abore testimonial letters are cot geoa-
I am very thankful for what it has done i* 18 * of were published before obtaining tho
fnr mt* ¦" ATh«i- T AV J 7R TflTnlinft " writer's special permission.
a me. — airs. .1. »»•¦»•» ™ lydlL e. Kxkham BIxdicots Co.
AVC, Jamaica Plain, MaSS. Im^^^m^^^mam^^m^^m^^^m^mm
% If Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will cure these women — why
not you — you cannot tell until you try it. If you are ill, and really want to
get well, commence its use at once, and do not let any drug clerk persuade you
that he has something of his own which is better, for that is absurd. Ask
him to produce the evidence we do. , *
POSTTJM CEREAL.
A TOCGH CUSTOMER
& man must be that -we can't suit In fine
laundry work. We have yet to find him,
and would like to see what he looks like.
Connoisseurs give us the palm for the ex-
quisite color and finish that we lay on
their linen and claim that our work is
unsurpassed In beauty and In economy
of your garments. Bring In your shirts.
< collars and cuffs and sample for yourself.
Xo saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone—South 420,
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Avs
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
COAL, COKE AMD PIQ IRO*.
J C W1I 50N & TO •* Battery Street.
J.I/- 1T11OIM Q CU-. Telephone Mala 13M.
COPPERSMITH.
CW SMITH sbl P Plumbing. Steamboat and
1T« -JiTlHUshlp "Work a specialty. 18 and
» Washington »t. Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
!A^ RftYF^ ft f f) SWppteK ¦ Batchers. 1M
JA> PUlEjttVU. clay. TaL Mala 13M.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEON*ABD ft TXT.ISl
. 418 Front at.. 8. F. Phon* Main 171s.
PRINTING).
E.C.BOGHES, m «JBgg fc ,.
•— ¦, PRINTERS^ BOOK BINDER*.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First it. San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
PARTRIDGE *» %%!""»
WHITE .*Sii STEAM COAL. ;%&*&*&
DIAMOND COAL MIXINO CO.; at Its OREEM
KIVEIt COLLIERIES. Is tb« B»»t CoaJ la thm
market. • OSlc» and YardJ— CO Main »tr«t.
Weekly Gall $1.00 BBrYear
Germany has -to; import -all her Indian
corn (in 1809, 1S9.000.000 bushels were used),
because the : corn does not mature In the
German snli;- ";>;'..; ,
"I began to sleep better and was not
quite so nervous; my Btomach and heart
trouble slowly disappeared, and, of course,
as I was petting- well I stuck to Postum.
and that waa easy, because It tasted so
good. Now after a year's using I can
truly say I never felt better in my life,
have no trouble whatever with my stom-
ach. Bleep well, eat well and weigh 127V4
pounds. My nervous headaches have all
disappeared. I feel like telling everybody
that is III to try leaving: off coffee and us©
Postum. Food Coffee, for It will surely
work a cure." Mrs. Ella Kitchlng, Sali-
"A gentleman talked seriously to hus-
band and myself about my giving up cof-
ree and uslne Poetum Kood Coffee. Ho
convinced me, from his own and others'
experiences, that probably coffee waa the
cause of ray trouble, so we tried Postum,
but at first Jt seemed eo flat and taste-
.less that I was almost discouraged. How-
ever. I looked at the directions on the
package and found I had not been boll-
ing Jt long: enougrb, bo I followed the di-
rections exactly and had a clear, rich
beverage, with a strong ring of grood cof-
fee and very delicious taste.
"Everything- I ate distressed me, There
would be great puffs beneath my eyes
and my hands and feet were terribly swol-
len- I was reduced to 108 pounds and
was really slowly dying.
A little woman wbo was sick from cof-
fee poisoning (and there, are thousands
like her) writes: "I had become almost a
coffee fiend, drinking it at each meal,
then afterward I was so nervous and
weak that I would drink more coffee. I
was a *rreat sufferer with stomach and
heart trouble.
It sometimes takes nerve to quit a habit
tven after it Is" plain that the habit is
ruining the health.
PUFFED UP.
But She Got Over It
Have an Abiding Faith -in Lydia. E.
- Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
'<¦ ' ¦ '.'." •¦''¦¦ » ¦ - -'
' ¦' mm^r*^** " *
PlrffW - - II ' I LbBSSbEI I
ONE PIIDCC
T^^^^k BOTTLE tUn LO
/ 1^1 MCBURNEV3
\*\ tj?Y ¦ A thorough cure lor
w*| , I £ pains in the back,
\J Jv BRICHT'S DISEASE,
\^^v 24 r /N female troubles, incon-
tiuenee of ttrlne. hriclc dnst deposits, bed-
wotting of children, gravel, gall £ tones,
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism. '¦- *? ¦
FOR SALE AT
THE' OWL DRUO CO., 112S Market St..
- AND AT . .:¦
DAHLBENDER DRUO CO.. 214 Kearny st..
Send 25c In 2c stamps to W. F. McBurney.
418 6. Spring st, Los Angeles. Cat., for S
days' treatment. Prepaid II 50. Druggists.
EVERY WOMAN
-_ = i >i ; is interested and should know
j^£^S3»v ; ¦ ¦ :¦ about the wonderful
¦ ;^jM' SaADlfCI -WHIRLING
W& tf§AVWi&> llil Iniection-and Suction.
WIsSivt* -SMS Best-Safest-Most Con-
' venient. It Cleanses
*^_ Initantly.
Aikyofirdrngzhitorit. \'.i^
If he ftnnot »upply the N/b^T ¦'•''i/r/iG ,¦ -
MARVKI* accept no. .. ,\a. •V-jJ^w-
othef. but send »t«mp fcr Hlu»- \- ( i ' '8&\S
trats.'t Ho«k— n<»«le«l. Ittficiftdl \/,,. g i ?M
particulars aixi »»iTe<tt*»p* Invaluable • *¦>,'#-. ' fm
toltdie- MAUYFX CO.. °X$VvfcJr '
303 Mission St.. San Francisco. •'^ >m^-^
jviair OR JORDAN'S a«AT
SSEUM OF ANaTOHY
b loaxisn? ss-Mi. e&wa. cr.&i.
- Ths Larreit Anfltetoical Muuum in the
a _^ World. . W ehkattt«t er My contracted
IS dlscaxe pccUlwdy cu»d by the eldest
fri CR.i3ORDAH--Pfift&TE 01SEASE8
§lfi ¦' CoraUsiten fren and ttrKtfT prlrs:* \
ym'tnumwx pmonalijr m by letter. A .1
!j a i-nj.fiw Cureia e»srjr eawniulVrtakec. \
llfc, Wnelor Boot. CEZILONOracY «f A
j V iliUUIAGX, MAILID (MS. i.\V
(J, . T»lu»t.!J boot for xarnl T >" \
C&BDAN &€©». 1051 Marfc«tBt,8. P. 7
NEW WESTERN' HOTEL," ;
KEARNY AiVK .WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled asij •-r»*»«t*d..KING. "WARD &
."-CO. European plan." • Rocjii*. 50c . to It aO day; '
*i to t3 week:' JS to. $20 month, Free baths: hot
¦ nO culil water every room:" lire crates In every, (
kpt". olovntor run* n'l nl":ht. . '
ADVERTTSFiM BKTS.NEW YORK. Feb. 1.— R. O. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade to-morrow will say: '
The week In general busfness has been with*
out striking new feature, but in ' this . respect
the outcome has been favorable.. Not on« of
the great . Industries ' finds any scarcity of
orders ' for goods, and business Is ' done at
prices which show a slight tendency to rise
except in. textiles, which have been affected by
the reduction of 10 to 20 ner cent in the sea
son's opening prices by the American Woolen
Company. This cut Is expected to be In
definitely continued. 7 Developments in the
money ¦ market, however, indicate that the" dry
goods trade Is preparing for a season of ac
tivity and the new woolen prices are not lower
than most buyers expected. There Is nothing
discouraging In the slight decline In commodity
prices from January 1 to February I. and rail
road earnings continue large. Increasing 11.1
per cent for three weeks of January over last
year and 26.2 p«r cent over 1S99. New York
bank • clearings for the week gained 48.3 per
cent over 1900 and outside New York the gain
Is. 10.8 per cent. There Is a loss of .4 per cent
outside New York for the week compared . with
1S99, -but it is due to the fact* that February
settlements were Increased in that year.
While steel mills have contracts on hand for
their output • from three to ¦ six months • ahead,
prices nominally rule - firm/ -' Few actual ad
vances are recorded, I but 1 there Is I expectation
of a higher figure soon for Bessemer plglron,
while rumors are numerous as to a rise In
(12Cth Meridian— Paclnc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 1—5 p. m.
The following ere the seasonal rainfalls to
Cete. as compared with those of eame date
li.st 6tason, and rainfall in last twenty-four
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
£T; minimum. LJ; mean, 48.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AX D GENERAL
FORECAST.
Very unusual conditions prevail en the Pa
cific elope at the present time. A disturbance
ef moderate energy moved rapidly southward
elong the Sierra Nevadas Thursday night and
Friday morning and has remained nearly sta
tionary over the valley of the Colorado since
•then, with increasing energy. Th« pressure
t.a.% fallen at a rapid rate for forty-eight houre
•ver the entire Pac'.Hc elope. The storm over
the valley of the Colorado, is making but elow
j,:ogrt*s eastward. Snow Jg falling through
Northern Arizona. Southern Utah and «n the
mountains of Southern California. Hall is re
jt>rt«1 fit Los Angeles and Riverside Snow
lab fallen in portions of the city of Los*An
gelet and at Pomona. Colton and other points.
The temj.erature has fallen 14 degrees at
Yuma during the past twenty-four hours and
Jioro 2 to 6 degrees over Southern California
arid Ariror.a.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Ked Uluff, 46 miles per hour from
the north: Winnemucca. 20 from the north-
Iriiependence, 30 from the northwest.
Should the Btorm move rapidly eastward,
vhlch ct present sefrr.s unlikely, killing frosts
V1J! prevail Saturday morning in Southern
California. -<..:
Kastitound travelers by southern routes are
?.arred to ex;xct mow and co'.d weather.
Forecast maiJe at ban Francisco for thirty
hours ending ni'dnisht, February *. M01:
Northern California — Fair Saturday, with
killing frosts In the morning afvhere the wind
fiics down, cloudy in the afternoon and night;
northerly winds, changing to southeasterly.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Saturday morciog. with snow In the
mountains: freeh wet* wind: clearing during
the day; continued cold weather.
Nevafla— Fair Saturday, except In southern
•Wheat— Mar. May.
Opening JH % JH
Closing 6% 6 1H
PARIS.
LIVERPOOL.
Feb. Apr. -May.
Opening • • Jf 95 20 15
Closing 13 9o 20 10.
Flour— *
Opening « 05 25 80
Closing 24 05 25 SO
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Feb. 1.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2000,
Including 600 Texans; steady and active; good
to prime steers. *5 10®6: poor to medium. 13 600
6; Btockers and feeders, J3®4; cows, )2 65@4 25;
heifers, {2 75@4 45; canners, $1 80@2 60; bulls,
$2 75@4 25: calves, $43«: Texas fed steers. $-1®
4 80: Texas grass risers, $3 3004; Texas bulls.
?2 60©3 65.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 25,000; to-morrow, 15,
000; left over. 1000;- mostly Be higher, closing
strong; top, $5 35; mixed and butchers. $5 15@
G 32*4; good to choice heavy, $5 23CT3 35; -rough
heavy. J3 10@5 20; light, $5 15@5 30; bulk, 45 20®
5 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000; sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers, $3 90@4 50: fair
to choice mixed. $3 50JJ4: Western sheep, $3 90@
4 50; Texas sheep. tZ 60@3 50; native lambs,
J4 £5©5 35; Western lambs,. $505 35.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 1.— On the first cajl the
cottotn market was firm, 3@U points higher.
A flurry of active buying from all quarters
held prices at about 10 points above last night's
closing, after which .a' dash for profits cut
down the lead 5 points. Hut the market, soon
recovered and gained additional headway on
a scramble of shorts to cover and constant
buying for foreign and Southern accounts.
The market was finally quiet and steady, net
t@10 points higher. ;
New York Metal Market.
NEW TOItK, Feb. 1.— There was practically,
nothing In the way of new features In the
local market to-day. Tin was firm but quiet
at J!6 20. Copper was dull at *17 for Lake and
116 62V4 for casting. Exports , of copper for
January were 9845 tons, against 13.441 tons for
same months last year. Lead was dull and un
changed at $4 37*4. Spelter was unchanged at
$4S4 05. Plgiron warrants, unchanged, at $9 50
@10 60; Northern foundry, $15@16 SO. •
London Wool. Sales.
Stocks of breadstuffs at Liverpool.
LONDON, Feb. 1.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 10,171 bales. An
average attendance brought out good competi
tion and practically all the offerings were sold.
Good greasy was taken by American buyer
A large \supply of scoureds sold freely to th't
Continent. A few crossbreds brought forward
were actively taken by the home trade.
: LIVERPOOL, Feb. 1.— Following are the
stocks of breadstuffs and provisions In Liver
pool: Wheat, 2,349,000 centals; corn, 1.040,000
centals; flour, 104,000 sacks; bacon. 18,400 boxes
hams. 408 boxes; shoulders, S00 boxes; butter'
4700; .'lard. 4600 tlercea : of prime Western"
steamed, other kinds, 600 tons. Following are
the -stocks of wheat and corn in store and -on
quays, railway and canal depots not Included'
Wheat. 2.542.C00 centals : corn, 811,000 centals '
LONDON, Feb. 1.— Consols,. 97; silver, . 2SJ
¦ . ':•••,¦ • ¦
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK. Feb. 1.— Bradstreefs to-morrow
will say:
Business as a v whole has been of a larger
volume this week. Cold and stormy, weather
has unquestionably stimulated retail business
In boots, shoes, rubber goods and clothing, and
this has aided in lightening the stocks carried
by retailers as a result of mild weather here
tofore. More has been doing, too, in wholesale
lines on scrinsr account, and business in this
respect is classed as fair. ¦ Reports are rela
tively best from the West and South, from
which sections advices are that the total Janu
ary, business compares well with a year ago.
The contrary is reported from leading 'Eastern
markets, however, and the aggregate done here
has not by far equaled expectations. Trade
collections as a whole are fair, the only com
plaint coming from Motions where mild
weather has Interfered, with the distribution of
heavy goods. Foundry plglron is lower at all
leading markets, but on the other hand Besse
mer Is rather firmer, while steel billets actu
ally nell for 25 cents more per ton, and there
is talk of an advance of $1 per ton. In finished
products wire and wire nails are $2 up. The
weakness in foundry grades is chargeable to
large buyers, who having satisfied their. early
wants, now are holding aloof, and to reports
that Btocks are Increasing. A sale of 1000
tons is leported closed at the concessions
noted. Export trade In crude forms Is prac
tically dead, but In finished lines a good busi
ness is still doing In railway material, ex
amples of which are shipments of locomtlvea
to France. »te«l rails to Mexico and South
Africa and steel billets '.to England. Heavy
calls- for pipe are reported from the new oil
district In Texas. .The labor outlook has been
helped by the compromise between the valley
furnace operators and their men. -
Wheat, including flour,' shipments for the
week were 3.77S.100 bushels, against 4.83S.877
bushels last week, 2,742,937 bushels in the
corresponding week of 1900 and 6,585,413 bushels
In 189ft. From July 1 to date this season wheat
exports are 115,957,863 bushels, i against 120,119,
935 bushels last season, and 150.187.659 bushels
in 1898-99.- ¦
Failures' In the United States for the last
week of January number 233, as against 281
last week. 171 In this week a year ago and
207 in 1899. Canadian failures for the week
number 27. as compared . with 34 last week, 31
'In this week a year ago and 26 In 1899.
CHICAGO, Feb. 1.— Wheat was dull and easy
at the opening under the Influence of easy
cables, liberal receipts and heavy Argentine
shipments. May opened ?6c lower at 76»i@76',ic,
with considerable pressure on the market from
both local and outside interests. Early reports
of export sales turned the market, however.
Shorts became frightened and covered, with
the result that May rallied to 76%c. On the
bulge prcflt-taklng became the order of busi
ness, but the close was steady, May US*^
higher at 76c.
Corn was quiet, with the trade mostly local
and without features. May cloasd HtPVaC
higher at 33Hc.
The trade In oats was very light- and the
market Independent, responding neither to the
early weakness nor to the late strength of
wheat and corn. May oats closed H'Ef'ic higher.
Provisions were dull, closing fairly steady.
May pork closed a shade lower; lard and ribs,
2V4c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
February 72T4 73*4 72H 73tf
March 73H 74*4 73\ 74«»
May 75U 76%, 75*4. 76
Corn No. 2 —
February ' S«% " 37H S6*i J7
March 37% 37ft 36ft 37%
May 38ft 39% 38ft 39W
Oats No. 2—
February 24*i 24U
May 25ft 2514 25V4 25ft
Mei«s Pork, per bbl— •
February 13 75
May 13 95 14 17*4 13 92% 13 92*4
Laxd. per 100 lbs—
February 7 35 7 35
March 7 40 7 42«4 7 45 7 45
May 7 45 7 60 7 45 7 45
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
February « 82*4
May 7 00 7 02*4 6 »7*4 « 97H
Cash quotations were as follows; Flour, dull;
No. 3 spring wheat, 71c: No. 2 red. 75@76c: No.
2 corn, 37V4c; No. 2 yellow, S7*6e: No. 2 oats,
Z4?;e25c; No. 2 white, 2S*4c; No. 3 white. 27®
2Sc; No. 2 rye, tl(§32c; fair to choice malting
barley, t6fl60c; No. 1 fiaxseed. Jl 75; No. 1
Northwestern. Jl 78; prime timothy seed, J4 23;
mess oork. per bbl. $13 75®13 82*4: lard, per 100
lbs. V 40@7 45: short ribs sides (loose). $6 So®
7 10; dry salted shoulders 6»,4®6Hc:
short clear Bides (boxed). $7 25@7 35; whisky,
basis of high wines, }1 27; clover, contract
grade. $11 25011 40. -
Articles — " Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 20,000 18.000
Wheat, bushels 26,000 46.COO
Corn, bushels 279.000 135.000
Cats bushels 243.00O 192.000
Itye bushels 12.000 6.000.
Barley, bushels 34.000 10.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was active; creameries. 14ff21c; dairy,
ll*401Sc. Cheese,' active; 10*i@10%c Eggs.
quiet: fresh, ISc. ¦,
Bradstrcet's Financial Review.
NEW TORK.' Feb. 1.— Bradstreefs Financial
Review to-morrow will *ay:' Renewed strength
was shown In the stock market this week In
spite of the fact that the much-talked-of and
long-expected deal In' regard to the St. Paul
road proved to have been more or less a myth
and that the action of the American Steel and
Wire directors on Tuesday resulted In vir
tually suspending action as to the dividends
on the stocks and left the prospect in that
connection a mattar of doubt. Further gold
shipments to Paris were made on Thursday to
the. amount of $2.3110,000 and the continued rise
of exchange forced the conclusion that gold
will go to London, the position of the Bank of
England, as shown by Its weekly statement of
Thursday, showing that It is In need of rein
forcement for Its specie reserves. Money, how
ever, has continued to come to New York from
the interior, and Wall street. In view of last
Saturday's good bank statement and the favor
able one which In also expected to-morrow, ap
parently concluded that money will remain
easy and plentiful and that gold shipments
will do no harm, while they will improve the
position at Ixmdon and lead to a more active
interest in American stocks developing there.
DOMINION OF CANADA.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. Feb. l'.— Fluctuations In the
stock market to-day were very pronounced in a
number of cases and professional operators
were successful in reviving bullish interest
practically as they saw fit. They resorted to
palpable manipulation at times in order to ac
quire a following, and after successfully bid
ding up a leading group realized on their hold
ings and began anew In another quarter. As a
result the market displayed at one time or
another pronounced strength in every division.
To what extent, if any, the public figured In
to-day's movements remains conjectural. Re
ports of combinations of various properties con
tinued to be heard, thereby Increasing Interest
in the minor stocks, which assumed consider
able jromlnence in to-day's proceedings. Later
lu the day a report was current that Union
Pacific had secured control of the Southern Pa
cific. No official confirmation could be had of
this statement, but the fact that the market
for Union Pacific boiled for a time, with 'the
stock rising 4Vi points on transactions of 225,000
chares, was sufficient In Itself., according to the
views of the traders, as being authoritative. It
was admitted that a leading .Interest In South
ern Pacific had sold out to a syndicate, pre
sumably representing Union Pacific. This an
nouncement, coming on top of the varied reports
abcut Impending dividends, extraordinary earn
ings, trade combinations' and so on, which were
rl:e enrly in the day. threw the market into
clyinsed hands with as little hesitation as if
thej* were fractional lots. At the outset the Im
provement In prices which gradually gained
t-trength iras assisted by the higher range of
prices from London. foreign houses bought
early, but subsequently unloaded about 100,0yo
shares of Southern Pacific. That stock strength
ened somewhat after the London selling had
ceased end was practically about the only issue
which did not have a bull following. During the
general selling toward the cloee.lt sagged to
46>4. compared with 49U. the opening figure.
A factor which was Instrumental In advancing
the market to-day was the lack of any gold
engagements for to-morrow's steamer to Eu
rope. The market Tor sterling exchange was
called easier this week, demand bills selling
at 44 87%.
Ths forecast of to-morrow's bank statement
Indicates a ;nin in cash ri. S 1.500. 000, exclusive
of the probable addition to this fipure by Gov
ernment disbursements for Interests, the Sub-
Trrasury to-day having a debit balance of
$l,346,J4j at the clearing-house on this account.
The gold exports' this week of t2.334.000 w«re
entirely offset by the movement of money from
the interior, the net gain of u-s account being
13,538,000. Recurring to the stock market, profit
taking became quite general In the late dealings
and material inroads were made on the highest
prices'of the day in some stocks. On the other
hand there were points of renewed strength and
the market closed, very animated and irregular.
Importar.t advances were made In many prom
inent bonds to-day and exceptional gains were
made of GVi and 7 points, respectively., in Peo
ria and Eastern incomes and Central of Georgia
first incomes. The aggregate transactions
footed Op the exceptional figure of $7,235,000.
United States 3s coupon declined »4 per cent
on the last call. The stock market this week
has been largely In the hands of. professional
traders of abundant resources, and while the
general demand from • the outside public for
stocks has been rather languid the professionals
have been able to manipulate prices at will.
The contest thus Involved of skill and alertness
on the floor of the Stock Exchange has caused
an erratic and Irregular market and consider
able show of activity, but It la doubtful whether
there has been much actual transfer of stock
ownership.
Circumstances indicate that In more than one
case the advance in the price of a stock hod
been part of a plan to frustrate an Intended
purchase for control. It Is the belief In Wall
street that nidi plans are held in abeyance on
account of the level of prices which has been
at present attained In the stock market and
would be tenaciously followed up at a most fa
vorable opportunity, although the officially
sanctioned assertion that the fit. Paul deal was
off somewhat chilled this coandence. the
later announcement of the proposition for
transfer of control of Mobile and Ohio to the
Southern Railway revived that confidence, as 11
indicated the continued pursuit of plans of con
solidation and the transfusion of ownership o*
railroad properties by the same financier who
has been the moving spirit In the attempted
Northwestern amalgamation and in the anihra
clte field. The strength showed by -the steel
stocks in the face of the week's developments
has somewhat allayed the recent uneasliWs
over the future of the properties represented by
these 6tock*. The stat?ment Issued by the Bteel
and Wire Company was not regarded as reas
suring as to the trade conditions disclosed, and
the Iron Ajre frankly admits a' disposition to
halt in the trade. Some apprehension continues
to exist concerning the final settlement of dis
putes at Issue between the powerful combina
tions in the trade.
As to* the money market the outflow of gold
is regarded with equanimity, as It Is withdrawn
from a fairly plethoric market. The course of
the foreign exchanges during the week shows
the increaeed force of I^ondon's attraction for
BOt* con.pared with Paris. Indicating the satls
factle of Paris' larc<? claims in London The
ir.atntersnce of the Bank of England's discount
rate ai S per cent this week. In spite of the
large recuperation already effected In Its re-
ponrcet. and Its continued borrowing: from the
market In face of the market's demand upon
It for leans, shows Us purpose to attract cold
to London from New York. This policy, of
course, has In xiew the coming flotation of the
Hrltlsh war loan. Estimates as to the slie of
this loan run as higrh as {250.000.000 to 1300 000 -
000. The increase of the. 1 Sank of England's re
serves during January has been entirely from
domestic sources and It Is evidently considered
necessary, to increase the pold reserves witWn
the kingdom before attempting to float the war
loan.
liuslneFs In railroad bonds has been large and
at advanced prices.
The abundance and cheapness of money has
thrown investment funds into the bond market
United States 3s advanced U per cent and new
4s >» per cent over the call price of a week ago.
XEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares ¦ . cio*inir
Sold. Stock-' ' Bid
1W.300 Atchison so
61.100 Atchlsen prefd ; '" $774
11.M0 Baltimore & Ohio....;... '1 soii
Canadian Pacific ...; *?9 •
200 Canada Southern- ;.... kk*:
4.IC0 Chesapeake & Ohio....* " ss«i
13.300 Chicago Great Western ". ¦ ij2
25,700 Chicago. B.urlington & Quincy 145M,
2O.fW Chicago. Ind & Louisville..... ; 2?%
8.109 Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd.... 6€«4
- Chleaco &«Kastern Illinois 82«I
«.!?? 9* tp a«<> & Northwestern... :....17J
2.100 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 125%
Chicago Grain Market.
The Produce Exchange Adjourns.
The Produce Exchanpe, at a Ep»dal meeting
yesterday. \-cteJ to remain closed to-day in »e
epeet to the memory cf «,>ueen Victoria.
Correction in Bank Clearings.
Owing to a .transposition j n dates the local
tank clearingrs for Janusry were misprinted.
The oorrrrt figures are: $><».943.334. against
! --.".'"-.-.:¦!.¦ fcr January. 190". <j<j!te a difference.
Stocks of Grain.
Produce Exchantre Grain Inspector Steller re
pot* clocks cf ' grain In warehouse and on
wharf February 1 es follows, in tons:
Wheat. Darley.
Pert Costa. J*n. 1.- 1301 10«,776 3*. 507
Port Costa. Feb. J. 13C1 100,302 S2.3;'j
Stockton, Jan. 1, DC1 4«.115 11.76*
Ptockton. Feb. 1. 1001 47,«0<1 . 9.503
Fan Franr!*eo. Jan. 1. mi 6T.I 5. MI
yj^n Francisco. Keb. 1. 1901 6L* S.S30
Oats. Corn. Eran.
January 1. 1301 4465 7C0 273
February 1. 1SC1 4077 €37 141
lieceij'ts in January were J4.S4 f > tons barley.
Treasure Shipment.
The China took out a treasure list of J31.S3'!.
eor.fi Ft lrg of r.616 In M°sican dollars, K20 in
gold-ccin and $10,000 in t liver bullion.
Exports of Quicksilver.
Experts of Quicksilver frcm this port by sea
In January were 412 flasks, valued at JC',"3.
Experts of Wine and Brandy.
Exports of wine from this port by sea during
January were CS3 cases and S7C.706 gallons, val
ued r.t $177,726.
Exports of br^ndy frcm this port by eea in
.Tanuary were 8 cases and 170 gallons, valued at
Exports of Flour and Grain.
Exports cf flour from this port by sea In
January were £2.113 bbls; valued at $175. P9S.
making total exports tliue f3r this crop year of
£<*.U6 bbls, valued at fl.7tl.<15.
l'xportfi of wh«>at from this port In January
were S12.3.J ct!s. valut-d at S?r«.34'>. making total
exports thus far this crop year of 4.040.985 ctls,
valued, at iOST.GSh, apainst Z.'JAWl ctls at
11 64S.SJ5 for the tame t;rne last crop year.
Exports of barley from this i>ort by pea in
January were IWj.KS ctls. valued at {16S.324.
making total exports thus far this, crop year of
l,6Sl,Si4, valued at tl.E.03,672.
Thc Lumber Trade.
Tscific Coast and Iron fays:
"The opening month of the*year has followed
In the footsteps of the closing one of 1SS9, -inas-
much as the prices have been identical, while
the receipts in this city of pine, spruce, fir and
redwood have been about as heavy. The manu
facturers all fe«l that the coming month of
February will bo a decided improvement 'over
the last one. although they anticipate no alter
ation in the^urrer.t price lists of January.
"The Eastern lumlxTmen are becofning more
ar.d mere interested in California tlpiberland
holdings, especially in the redwood belt through
week of January Fair heavy transfers made on
the record books- of these two counties. The
timber lands of the Middle West are becoming
more and more exhausted anl thfe Pacific Slope
c ffers rreal inducements to the Eastern and
Middle Western lumbermen. There is no tim
ber In the world to-day which can excel that
of the Paclnc Coast and the purchasing lum
brf interests appreciate thif !act In total. It
will be an excellent stimulus to the coast lum
lx>r circles to have the*e foreign interests come
Into the field, fcr there is great need of ln
vlgoratioa and the InTroductlon of new and up
to-date methods in the manufacture and eale
cf the products o f this coart.
"The redwood Bhinple trsde conditions con
tinue the tame as when last reported, although
the demand from the Eastern markets Is
aF?umir.g the normal proportions Incident to
the opening of Biding and its ever-recurrent re
pairing efforts. There is no shingle in trie
¦world that can equal the product of the red
wood, and the Eastern and Middle Western
buyer* are- now. becoming fully cognizant of the
opportunities offered ' them by the redwood
ehinsle."
Weather Report.
portion, where unsettled weather with occa
sional enow may be expected.
l'tah-£*loudy. unsettled weather Saturday,
vrith Fnow in southern portion; much colder
Saturday; brisk north wind.
Arizona — Cloudy, unsettled weather Satur
day, with heavy snow In the mountains; rain
elsewhere; much colder: southerly, changing
to brisk northerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday
morning, with heavy frost. Increasing cloudt
refs Rnd unsettled weather In the afternoon
and nijrht; light northerly, changing to fresh
southeasterly' winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Exchange and Bullion;
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — »» 85U
Sterling Exchange, sight — * »»
Sterling Cables — * »«
New York Exchange, sight — "4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — «4
Sliver, per ounce — J°%
Mexican Dollars, 'nominal 60V4 © 61
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT-^Liverpool was : lower. New Tor*
showed little change.
Chicago opened weak, with small trading,
owing to lower cables.
Commission bouses sold, primary receipts
were larger than last year and the demand
was disappointing. The feeling was bearish.
The Northwest, however, bought ¦ well. . and
Minneapolis reported that the demand for cash
wheat was excellent, all grades being wanted.
About 166,000 bushels were worked for export,
and New York reported 35 loads taken for
shipment. Bradstreet" s gave the weekly
clearances of wheat and flour for Europe at
8,776.100 bushels, against 2,724,000 for the same
week last year.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sesolon — 9:15 o'clock — December— 2000
ctls. Jl 074. May— 2000. $1 03S.
The local market was steady but dull, and
prices showed little change. The Produce Ex
change will remain closed to-day In respect to
the memory of Queen Victoria.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 9S*ic; milling. J1®1 05
per ctl.
Second Sesulon — May — 6000 ctls. $1 04.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
$104.
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls. $1 04; 2000,
$1 03%.
BARLEY— Previous prices rule, with a con
tinued dull market.
Feed. '§Kc for choice bright. Ti\'Q^ac for No.
1 and 70@724c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades. 80@S2Hc: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Sessloiv— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Still firm and Inactive, and without
feature.
White. Jl 30©l E0: Surprise, nominal: Red.
Jl 25® 1 40 for Feed and $1 ST.S?1 45 for Seed;
Gray nominal; Black, for Feed. $1 17431 20;
for Peed. 11 2501 30 per ctl.
- CORN— The demand Is at a standstill and
quotations are largely nominal. Yellow. $1 124
@1 15: White. $1 15: Eastern, mixed. $1 124
per ctl.
RYE-S5GS74C per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Quoted at Jl 85 per ctl.
Flour and MillstufFs.
FLOUR-Callfornia Family Extras. $3 23®
3 50 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 1SQ3 25;
Oregon. $2 75®2 85 per barrel for family ana
$2 75®3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers', 12 75
S3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are ! as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. **3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. 12 75; Rye
Meal, 12 60; Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. 12 73
extra cream do. $3 60: Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny $3 5003 75: Buckwheat Flour. $4*?4 23-
CrVcked Wheat; $3 60: Farina. *4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3" 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $ea
7 25; In sacks, $5 75® 7: Pearl Barley, $j; s P m
Peas. $5: Green Peas. 15 60 per 100 lbs.
Beans and' Seeds.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The situation remains unchanged. Hay still
arrives freely and is quoted dull, while Bran
stands firm.
BRAN— $15018 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-116 60(319 60 per ton. *
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16#17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal, at the mill. $25326: Jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake. Sljfrl*: Corn Meal. $15
©21 50; Cracked Corn, $25 60@26; Mixed Feed.
Il&fil6. .
HAY— Volunteer. 15(98: Wheat. $11^13 r>:
Wheat and , Oat. $10@12 50: Oat. $3® 11 60-
Clover, nominal; Alfalfa, $S&9 50; Barley, $7 50
4?9 80 per ton.
STRAW-35e<"7ic per bale.
Beyond a slight .weakness In Red Beans the
market shows no change. Whites are still
firm, owing to the Government demands.'
BEANS— Bayos. »3 50®I 75; Small White.
{4 60@4 90; Large White, !4@4 25; Pink. $2 15®
2 33; Bed, J3@3 BO; Blackeye. J3@3 25; Llmas,
{5 60@5 70; Pea. cleaned up and nominal: Red
Kidner. S3 75©4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Tlax. $2 50#3: Canary. I%@
3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, 7H@94c; Rape, i<Q
2VC-c; Hemp, 34©3%c: Timothy, 64c.
DRIED PEAS— NUes. JI(92 50; Green. J2 70
QZ per ctl; Blackeye, nominal. •
'Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were heavy again, ex
ceeding 6000 sacks, and the market continued
to drag. Onions stood about the same. A car
of Nevada* cam* In.
Tomatoes were still In heavy supply and
slow of sale, but the other vegetables were
firm as a rule.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 65@75c: Burbanks.
S5650c for River and S3cgJl 10 per ctl for
Salinas and 65990c for Oregon; Garnet Chiles.
from Oregon, 60@75c; Sweets. 70cQ'Jl for
Merced.
ONIONS— $1 5032 per ctl; Cut Onions. $1 25
per ctl. • ¦
VEGETABLES — Rhubarb. 6®Sc; Asparagus,
from Sacramento, ' 124@25c per lb; Green Peas
5®7c per lb; String Beans, 10@l5c; Cabbage'
90c: Tomatoes, Los Angeles, 60c© $2 per crate*
from Mexico. . $2 2KR2 50 per crate; Egg Plant*
I.os Angeles. lZ^-ri 2Oc per lb: Green Peppers*
Los Angeles. 124®i5c per lb for Chile and 174
©20c for Bell; Dried Peppers, 9<?llc; Dry Okra
10<8U5c per lb: Carrots.- 25@35c per box- Hot
house Cucumbers. Jl©2 per dozen; Summer
Squash. $2 per box; Garlic. 3©4c per lb- Mar
rowfat Squash. J12$2O per ton; Mushrooms 5
613c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Game eold at advanced prices-, as usual at
the close of the week. -Receipts were about
ICO sks.
The Poultry market continued depressed."
Two cars came In from the East, making* nine
thus far this week. Stocks of all descriptions
except young fowl are too large and low prices
etill rule. The demand Is pretty fair for young
stock.
M POULTRY_Llve Turkeys, Sffllo for Gob
blers and 11012c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys
S<E£Si • °?* s ?- P er Pair. Jl 7562; Goslings.
*i <o<82; Ducks. |4S5 for old and J5©6 60 for
2£ Un %,., He £ 8> ** EC ® 4 M: Toun & Roosters. $4 60
©5; Old Roosters. *3 6Cff4 : Fryers. . U 5005:
Broilers. $4©4 60 for large and *3®3 60 for
small; Pigeons. $1©1 25 per dozen for old and
%2 E0«2 75 for Squab,".
GAME-Quail. S1®1 23 for Valley and $2 for
Mountain: Mallard. J3®4; Canvasback, $2fi4;
Sprig. $2@3; Teal. *1 2301 50; Widgeon, II to-
Small Duck. Jl «5; Black Jack. $125; Gray
Geese, »3: White Geese. $1@1 75; Brant, JX 50-3
1 75 for small and $2 for large: Honkers. 13©
4 60; English Snipe. J3; Jack Snipe, Jl 25: Hare
Slitl 25; Rabbits. $1 60 for Cottontail and Jl for
Brush;. Doves, 75c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There was no change in any description yes
terday. Eggs were quoted dull. . and dealers
reported stocks accumulating somewhat. Cheese
was In ample supply, but 6teady. There was
plenty of Butter on hand, but extra creamery
was still quoted flrm.ji ¦ ¦
Receipts as reportedly the Dairy Exchange
were 42,300 pounds Butter, S02 cases Eggs»and
7310 pounds Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 20c; firsts. 15c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c*
store, lie. , ¦ ,
. Storage— Creamery extras. —^— ; flrsta. — .
seconds. — ; dairy extras. . J , ,•_••¦
Pickle, — — per pound.
Keg. p«r pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. Ho; choice.
Neiv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Feb. 1.— FLOUR— Receipts, 20.-
S45 bbls; exports. 10,500 bbls. Quiet but rather
firmer in tone on the rise in wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, C1.200 bushels; exports,
212,700 bushels. - Spot, firm; No. 2 red. 81c f. o.
b. : No. 1, Northern Duluth, 87c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Duluth. 90^o f. o. b. afloat. Options
had a dull opening under weak cables and large
Argentine shipments. Closed firm at %c net
advance. March, 79 5-16(880c, closed, 79%c; May.
80©80 13-16C, closed 80%c; July, 79 13-16@SO9ic,
closed, 80%c.
HOPS-Quiet. v
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice, «%c:
mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@124o. Futures closed
Eteady with prices net 10 to 16 -points higher.
Total sales. 30.750 bags, Including: February,
$5 40: March. S5 45; May, $5 55; July. 15 65;
August, {5 70; September, $5 75; October. J5 80;
November, $5 90; December, $5 95.
SUGAR— Raw, firm but quiet; refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6257 packages: steady.
Creamery. 16@22c; June creamery, 15@20c; fac
tory, 11®14%C
EGGS— Receipts, E277 packages: weak; West
ern at mark, 194@204c; Southern at mark, 19 O
194c.
NEW YORK, Feb. l.-A moderate business
was executed In evaporated apples . to-day,
chiefly on prime goods. State common. 3%@
4%c: prime, «£@5c: choice, 6V4®6c; fangy. 6@fc.
California fruits steady. Prunes, 3%@8>4c per
pound as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c; Moorpark, 8*40
15c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14S18cf unpeeled, 64©10c.
Silver firmer. Exchange unchanged.
Produce Exchange, adjourned to Monday.
Wheat and Barley dull and not materially changed. '
All minor cereals inactive at previous quotations.
Beans and Seeds s/iozv little variation.
Hay and Fccdstuffs as before quoted.
Shif-mciit cf $31,836 to China.
Local stocks and boncts inactive.
Oil stocks shozv less movement. Prices steady.
Potatoes continue in heavy supply and dragging.
Onions and Vegetables about as before quoted.
Butter, Cheese end Eggs in sufficient supply and unchanged.
Xinc cars of Eastern Poultry in this zveek. Game Urmer:
Scz'cn cars of Orav.gcs auctioned. Limes higher.
Lemons and Bananas dull and plentiful.
Dried Fruit market continues* depressed.
Hides, Wool and Hops as previously quoted.
Hogs still scarce and firm.
Local bank clearings gain instead of lose in January.
200 C C C & St Louis : 77«4 '
2U0 Colorado Southern 7'i
500 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 39V
••••;•• Colorado Southern 2d prefd..... 1«£
l.bOO Delaware & Hudson. lit
„ *pO Delaware. Lack &. Western ...194
..O00 Denver & Rio Grande :: 33*i
i'fJS Uenve r & Rio Grande prefd.. S3» 4
9.600 Erie . .. ..... 28^4'
7,100 Erie 1st prefd.: ....: 63V»
200 Great Northern prefd 193
••¦•••• Hocking Coal .'.... 15
?¦£?? Hock 'ns Valley .\. 43%
1.000 Illinois Central ; 127V
1.200 Iowa Central ....:........... 2G
609 Iowa Central prefd 63 *
200 Lake Erie & Western...... „.;. 41^
LaJte Erie & Western prefd... lio"
Lake Shore • 210'i
31.800 Louisville & Nashrille J 90&
21.1.00 Manhattan Elevated ..117H
2.4OO Metropolitan' Street Railway ...163
4,600 Mexican Central .• 14%
2C0 Minneapolis & St Louis 09
WcXA Mln neaDolls & St Louis prefd:... ..106
19.800 Missouri Pacific ... : S7T4
7.S0O Mobile & Ohio .".'.".¦.".*".]!.¦.". 69H
19,600 Missouri/Kansas & Texas 1914
39.600 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd.... 67%
, j-M New Jersey Central 15|W
1.200 New York Central 143H
10,000 Norfolk & Western 45
300 Norfolk & Western prefd 84
20,000 Northern Pacific 82%
I.™ Northern Pacific prefd; 86T»
•13.600 Ontario & Western 82\i
..*..... Oregon Railroad & Navigation 42
•••••- Oregon Railroad & Nav prefd 76
9.100 Pennsylvania 146%
17.500 Heading . UtI
7.800 Reading 1st prefd n*L
6.400 Reading 2d prefd 4j£
Rio Grande Western 65
•;:v^ RI ° Grande Western * prefd 82
14,500 St Loula & San Francisco 3194
200 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 80
6.400 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 89H
3.S0O St Louis, Southwestern 23\i
3.200 St Louis. Southwestern prefd ElVfc
3S.6C0 St Paul 151^
St Paul prefd 192^4
¦ St Paul & Omaha 130
2S2.000 Southern Pacific 46%
44.300 Southern Railway- 224i
10.600 Southern Railway prefd 73*i
3S2.0W Texas & Pacific 2SVk
2S2.000 Union Pacific 89%
14.200 Union Pacific prefd n%
4.100 AVabash ij«!
11.100 -\VabaBh f>refd "" 27?J
14.000 Wheeling & Lake Krle '.'.'.'. \\K
4C0 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 25V»
3.1C0 WlseonsJn Central 17H
Third Avenue i->o
.€C0 Baltimore & Ohio prefd S6Vi
8,770 National Tube $ok
4,400 National Tube prefd 994
Express Companies —
Adams X55
American .- j7g
United States 64
Wells-Fargo 135
Miscellaneous —
60O American Cotton Oil 30
100 American Cotton Oil prefd.. 89
American Malting 414
100 American Malting prefd ...• 24'
3.900 American Smelting & Refng 69XC
300 American Smelting & Refng prefd. 97^4
American Spirits ? 2
....... American Spirits prefd 17
8,700 American Steel Hoop '28
300 American Steel Hoop prefd 73>4
Ef.600 American Steel & Wire 45%
l.foo American Steel & Wire prefd....... 88
3,500 American Tin Plate 67T4
American Tin Plate prefd 87%
6.700 American Tobacco 115*4
» American Tobacco prefd !l40
2.1C0 Anaconda Mining Co " 43
1.S00 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 77
6,300 Colorado Fuel & Iron 47%
3,100 Continental Tobacco ; 45
700 'Continental Tobacco prefd I 96
21.400 Federal Steel 45
3,500 Federal Steel pre(d ¦. .'" 73%
200 General Electric 190U
600 Glucose Sugar 49'
Glucose Sugar prefd 96
100 International Paper 20%
300 International Paper prefd 69
Laclede Gas >. 71
100 National Biscuit 35
100 National Biscuit prefd 9»
1,000 National Lead 1713
National Lead prefd 8SH
7.S0O National Steel 411!
100 National Steel prefd 91
. New York Air Brake 154
5.100 North American JOli
X.2SQ Pacific Coast 64%
Pacific Coast 1st prefd gg
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
2.100 Pacific Mall ...; 4514
9.6O0 Peoples Gas 101
3,400 Pressed Steel Car 3314
1,000 Pressed Steel Car prefd 79^
500 Pullman Palace Car ...199^
Standard Itope & Twine s-v
61.200 Susrar 13«£
2<X) Sugar prefd ug
ll.€C0 Tennessee Coal & Iron filtt
6,200 United States Leather ; 131;
1C0 I'nited States Leather prefd 74«i
1.200 Vnit-d States Rubber 19
United States Rubber prefd ...60
5C0 Western Union g3ty
12.100 Amalgamated Copper 90%
2.000 Republic Iron & Steel Co 15
3,000 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd.... 69
P C C & St Louis 61H
1,W7,700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U B2s ret reg 103H NYC lsts ...107
Do coupon 10SH N J C gen 5s 128U
U S 3s reg 110 N Pacific 3s 7,1
Do 3s cp, ex Int. 110 Do 4s ..105'i
Do new 4s reg...l37U N Y C & St L 4s..lO8Vi
Do new 4s coup..l37H|N & W con 4s 100H
Do old 4s reK....113V4 Or Nav lsts .109
Do old 4s coup... 113H I Do 4s 103%
Do 5s reg HO^iOr Short Line 63. .127
Do 5s coupon.. ..llOVi! Do con 6s H6i4
Dist of Col 3.65s. ..123 iReadlng gen 4s 94»t
AtchUon gen .4s... 103%' R G W lsts 99U
Do adj 4» 91V4 St L & I M con 58.115%
Canada So 2ds Ill i3t L & S F gen 6s. 12$
Ches & O 4Hl 106V4 St Paul cons ...188
Do 5s in St P c & P lsts..li8V4
Chi & N con 7S....133V4 Do 5s ...119H
Do S K deb 5s. ...124 S PaclHc 4s 88«4
Chicago Term 4s... 96>4 g Railway 6s 115
Colorado So 4s 84 Stand R & T 6s.... 63
D & R G 4s 102% Tex & Pac lsts. ...117
Erie gen 4s S3% Do 2ds $6
F V»" & D C lsts.. ?2>* U Pacific 4s 106U
Gen Electric 5s....l59^i Wabash lsts 119«,;
Iowa Central lsts. .116% Do 2ds 109W
L & N unl 4s 101 West Shore 4g 114
M K & T 2ds 78% Wise Cent lsts 8914
Do 4« 97 T » Va Centuries 89
MINING STOCKa
Adams Con... 20IMttle Chief ji
Alice 45 Ontario 6 60
Breece -..1 75 Ophlr 67
Brunswick Con 34 Phoenix 19
Corr.RtoeK Tunnel... ©4 Potosi c,H
Con Cal & Va 145 Savage -12
Deadwood Terra.... 52 Sierra Nevada 15
Horn Silver 1 12 Small Hopes £>
Iron Silver <K ! Standard 4 23
Leadvllle Con 06 ¦
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
• Money— Union Land 2U
Call loans 304 West End 93%
Time loans ...3@4 Westinghse Elec... 55U
Stocks — Bonds
Atch T & Sta Fe.. 60 N E Gas & C 5s... 664
Do prefd 88 Mining Shares— '
American Sugar.. ..136% Adventure 9%.
Do prefd llSVi Blngham 16%
Bell Telephone 164 Amalg Copper 91
Boston & Maine... .194 Atlantic 25
Chi B & Q 1454 Boston & Montana.314
Dominion Coal 3*4 Butte & Boston.... 79%
Do prefd 109 Calumet & Hecla..S42
Federal Steel 45 Centennial 22H
Do prefd 73% Franklin 1614
i Fltchburg prefd. ...1414 Humboldt 25
! On Electric 190 Osceola 83
Do prefd ..1594 Parrot 48
Ed Elec 111 230. Quincy 166
Mexican Central... 14>£ Sta Fe. Copper 6M.
N E Gas & Coke... 114 Tamarack ...........328
Old Colony '..208 Utah Mining 32»i
I Old Dominion 31 Winona 5
1 Rubber 154/ Wolverines 48%
I Union 1 Pacific....... 87%|
London Market.
NEW YORK. Feb". 1.— The. Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market was steady here to-day, but
It was quiet. In advance of the funeral to-mor
row. .
American stocks were active.' however. Lon
don was buying freely of Atchison Issues,
Louisville and' Nashville and Southern railway
when New York came over as a 'seller and
caused a sharp break in Southern Pacific
There was a fair rally, in the street after the
exchange closed. Call money was between 3U
6H per cent. Silver was supported by the East
ern demand. - .
CLOSING,
LONDON, Feb. 1.— Atchison. 60% ; Canadian
Pacific. 92;, Union Pacific preferred, 86; North
ern Pacific preferred, 9614; Grand Trunk. 7-
Anaconda, 8%. ¦ . . '
Bar silver, steady, 28d per ounce.
Money, 4 I ,4®5 per cent.
Neiv York Money Market.
NEW YORK/ Feb. -i.— Money on -call 'steady
at l',4®2 per cent; prime mercantile paper,
3V4<a4tt per cent. Sterling exchange firm, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 SS for
demand and J4 S4%fi4 84>4 '- for 'sixty - days;
posted rates, $4 85 and $4 SS'i®4 89. Commer
cial bills, $4 83W@4 84. Sliver certificates, 62<3>
62c. Bar silver, 60%c. Mexican dollars. 47c.
State bonds. • inactive; Government: bonds,'
easier; railroad bonds, strong.
Condition of the Treasury,
.WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the ; general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 fold reserve In the
The following table, compiled by Bradstreet,
shows the bank clearings at. all principal oltles
for the week ended January 31, j with the per
centage of Increase and decrease as compared'
with the corresponding week last year:
• , — Percent — ,
CITIES. Clearings." Inc. | l>ec.
New York $1,381,934,3*3 4S.3
Boston 122,755,510 11.5 ....
Chicago 121,860,939 !».6 ....
Philadelphia ....... 86.C45.74S .... 8.0
St. Louis 38,524,530 35.8 ....
Plttsburg 37,810,528 30.4 ....
Baltimore .. 19 600,894 3.8 ....
San Francisco ...... 20,537,731 11.7 ....
Cincinnati .'..;. .;:.. - 18.449,850 29.5 ....
Kansas City 18 281,254 30.4 ....
New Orleans 12,345,545 1.8 ....
Minneapolis 10,324,525 14.5 ....
Detroit 8.82SJ.28J 92.4 ....
Cleveland 10.708.3SJ 5.5 ....
Louisville 8.443,741 ...'. 16.9
Providence 6,442.009 15.1 ....
Milwaukee 6,247,177 2.5 ....
St. Paul ....; 4.276.S00 7.9
Buffalo " 4,822,350 9.0 -....
Omaha ". . 6.001, SuS 8.7 ....
Indianapolis 1 7,014,803 . 23.2 ....
Columbus. O. ...... 5,630,300 26.2 ....
Savannah 4,693,532 .... 10.6
Denver' ..: 4,350,021 4.8 ....
Hartford 2,033.402 ' 18.8-
Richmond 3,690,515 11.2 ....
Memphis 3,033,369 1S.9
Washington ........ 2,318.631
Peoria 1,936,377
Rochester .......... 1,732,169 .... 14.3
New Haven ' 1.315.001 .... 1Q.4
Worcester 1,018,667 .... 15.1
Atlanta 2.301,9^86 15.1 ....
Salt Lake City 2,256,748 23.4 ....
Springfield. Mass... 1,204,058 14.6
Fort Worth 8,205,286 104.5 ....
Portland, Me 944,743 .... ....
Portland, Or 1,676.165 2.9 ....
St. Joseph 3.8S7.959 29.4 ....
Los Angeles 2,456,646 15.3 ....
Norfolk 1,412,031 1.8
Syracuse 1,965.947 93.0 ....
Des Molnes 1,208.055 6.5 ....
Nashville ; 1,420.179 13.1 ....
Wilmington. Del.... 804.138 .... 1.2
Fall River 794.016 3.5
Scranton 1.416.020 28.4 ....
Grand Rapids 1,361.755 19.8 ....
Augusta, Ga ....... 942,375 .... 8.2
Lowell 488,042 3.7
Dayton, 0 1,027,915 10.7 ....
Seattle ; 2.104.213 17.0 ....
Tacoraa 1,263,317 "18.7
Spokane 839,156 .... 4.8
Sioux City 1.063,163 24.1 ....
New Bedford 390,472 7.4 ....
Knoxville. Tenn.... 553.839 11.0
Topeka 1,069.583 95.4 ....
Birmingham ....... 1.015.8S2 2.8
Wichita 494.231 12.0
Blnghamton 424.400 10.9 ....
•Lexington. Kjr 410.J67 9.6
Jacksonville, Fla... 234, 503 3.5
Kalamazoo 375.830 .... 2.2
Akron 467.600 33.0 ....
Chattanooga 397.524 2.0 ....
Rockford. Ill 256.912 3.0
Canton. O. . 337.000 69.3
Springfield, O. 2I2.6G0 13.0
Fargo, N. D. ....... 333,602
Floux Falls, S. D.. 222.8S3 65.6*
Fremont, Nebr 138,309 10.9 ....
Davenport 677.0SS 14.1
Toledo 2.273.676 2.2
Galveston 7,576,000 1.0
Kvansvllle 7i"».3O4 16. «
Macon 73<SrOO0 .... 9.9
Little Rock \ 637,740 29.3
Helena ; 914,614 64.9
Springfield. Ill 433.429 6.6
Toungetown 302.8S1 20.9
Colorado Springs... 1,004.503
Totals, U. S $2,032.343,6M 33.7
Totals outside of
New York 650.351,106 10.5 ....
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
billets, plates and structural materials. All
those lines show a brisk demand. Wire nails
and barbed ¦ wire were advanced $2 per ton;
owing to heavy orders .from the West, and It
is expected that the few mills still idle will
shortly resume. Activity ¦ in Texas oil fields
had an influence on the sales of tanks and
pipes. Wages are in a fair way to be satis
factorily adjusted | at valley furnaces. The
reduction agreed upon is less than originally
announced. Export orders decreased and the
armor plate contract may not go to an Ameri
can, althoush his terms were the best.
A sudden Increase In sales of wool at the
three chief Eastern markets to 5,412.000 pounds,
against 2,893.400 pounds in "the previous week,
does not appear significant. After such an
unusually dull season some recovery was in
order. For. five weeks sales were 18.6S7.700
pounds, against 28.574,930 pounds in the same
week of 1896, which was the smallest aggre
gate in five years. These figures Indicate pres
ent condition* In this Industry. Even the
small operations were only accepted at a fur
ther reduction In quotations, the average now
belnsr the lowest since June. 1899. Interior
holders are stubbornly refusing to accept pres
ent prices. Heavyweight suitings were opened
at the expected reduction, and another week
of the London auction sales is not expected to
have any effect.
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $148,012,971:. gold,- $71,183,644.
French rentes. 102f 12 l ic; cargoes on passage,
rather easier; cargoes Walla Walla, 29s 3d;
English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL, Feb. 1.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, 6s 4d; wheat In Paris,
steady; flour in Paris, steady; French country
markets, part\ cheaper; weather in England,
fine but cold. • ."¦.
COTTON— Uplands, 6%0.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm: No. 1 California. «s 4d:
No. 2 red Western winters. 6s 3%d. Futures,
steady: March. 6s %d; May. 6s'lHd.
- CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed new, 3s
lOHd; American mixed old. 3a l^d. Futures,
steady; February, 3s 9%d; March, 3s 9~»d; May.
3s 9Ud. .- ¦ ¦ ' .
PORTLAND, Feb. 1.— Clearings, $315,443; bal
ances. 963,427.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Feb. 1.— WHEAT— Walla Walla,
55H@56c. " • " " • ' " *
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Feb. 1.— WHEAT— Steady and un
changed. Blue Stem. 58HC; Club, 56c .
Portland's Business.
Site: eommon. nominal; Toung Apierlca*. Wtei
East-rrTfuU cream, 13©16%o P« »»>•
cSSI^nla ranch-Selected white. 2«c: mtred
colors. 24c per dozen. '" ' atandard.
California gathered— Selected. 24c. sxaaoare.
; seconds. . _».»^-«< »
Fresh Eastern— Fancy. : •tandaxa. «
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Seven cars of Oranges were auctioned as fal
lows: Fancy Navels. $1 73@1 90: choice- «o.
KcGttlS: standard. 65@90c; Seedlings. 50c;
Tangerines, in half boxes. $2: Florida Or*?!**!
60c: Ruby Bloods. 80c; Lemons. 70«?90c; Grapo
Fruit. $1 05. , _„__ _,««
Umes are firm at an advance. Lemons ruia
dull with liberal stocks, and Oranges ar» w
ample supply and unchanged.
Apples and Pears remain as previously qUOt
ed. Bananas are still plentiful.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES— 35©65c per box for common. 73C37
$1 50 for good to choice and $1 7S©2 for fancy.
PEARS — 65c©*l 50 per box. ;
CRANBERRIES— Wisconsins. $13 50 per bar
ml *
* CITRT'S FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1*82: Seed
lings 60c©*l: Tangerines. 73c® $1 50: Mandarins.
7S*!m; Lemons. 25c®$l K for common and »1 50
62 tor good to choice; Grape Fruit, Jl@2: Mex
ican Limes. $3#5 50; California Limes, 23©S0c;
Bananas. 50c®$l 50 per bunch; Pineapples. 7ac»
$2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits,* Nuts, and Raisins.
The market for all description* continue* de
pressed. • "" .. '
FRUITS-Prunes. Santa . Claras. 4 sizes, te:
S0-40S, 7c: 49-509. 6Vic: M-60S. A\i,C. 89-70*. Z\e;
7tt-80s, SHc; 80©90s. 3%c; 90-100s. 2»ic: 10O-130S.
lV4c; rubles, Vic premium: Sonomas. Ho ana
San Joaquins. *c less than Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same. Apri
cots. «tT8o for Royals and l*»lW4e for Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 4334c: sun-dried.
m©2%c; Peaches. S©4c for standard, SHSJc toe
clioice and 5^@6iio for fancy: Pears. »J?7c;
Plume, pitted. 6S*v4e: unpltted. Iffl^c: Nec
tarines. 5«T5Hc for red and 5%©«o for whit*.
RAJ3IN3— The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb: choice, lie:
standard. 10c; prime. 9c: unbleached Thomp
son's. »o per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10^<j per
lb; choice, 9Hc; standard. 8%c; prime, 8c: un
bleached Sultanas, 8c: Seedless, 53-Ib boxes.
<Hc: 4-crown. 7c: s-crown. 6^4c: S-crown. 63.
Pacific brand. 2-crow^n. 5c; S-crown. 514c and
4-crown, 5»4q; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy.
16-ounce. 7c; 12-ounce. 5Hc; choice. 18-ounce,
6%ic: 13-ounce. o^ic; London Layers. 2-crown.
$1 50 per box; 3-crown. Jl 60; Fancy Clusters.
$2;<Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. %3. All prices f.
o. b. at common shipping points In •; California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8©5Oc per lb fo'r Italian:
Walnuts. Xo. 1. softshell. 10c: No. 2. 7%c: No.
1 hardshell. 9H«: No. 2. 7c: Almonds. 12<J13o
for papershell. SSllc for softshell: Peanuts, 5
66c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts,
13c: Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $3 50©3.
HONET— Comb. 13HS144C for bright and 1CH
<f?13e for light amber; water white extracted.
7^68c; light amber extracted, ffftjJTc; «lark,
6@«Wc per lb.
BEESWAX-24©26c per lb.
Provisions.
The market continues Inactive at nnchaca'e<I
quotations.
CURED MEATS-Bacon. IlUllHo per lb for
heavy Il»4ftl2c for light medium. nViftUo tor
light 13M.©i*e tor extra light and 15®lS%e for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Ham-..
12c- Mess Beef. 112 per barrel; extra Mess. J13-
Family. $H: «tra Prime Pork. $15ipl5 M; extra
clear. $19 &0S2O; Mess, $1»; Smoked Beef. 13o
Pe LARl2-Tlerce'i quoted at «H<8Mio per lb for
compound and 9c for pure: hair-barrels, pure.
9Vc; 10-lb tins. 9«ie; B-lb tins. »T»C
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, l^c; three
half-barrels. 8c; one tierce. 7T4c; two tierces.
7*»c: five tierces. "Sc Der lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions under this head stand aa be
fore Trade in all Is limited.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
»<*c: medium. Sc; light. Sftg^c: Cow Hides'
8Hc for heavy and S^SHc for light; Stags, a«
•£c: Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal. 9c; silted
Calf. 10c: Dry Hides ISHc; Culls. 13^ C; dry
K»p. 15c: Dry Calf.- lG{»7c; culls and brands
14c: Sheepskins shearlings. :o®30c each; short
Wool. 30<&mc each: medium. 60«J73c; long Wool
TicfiU each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 60g2 75 far
larse and $2g2 23 for medium. $lgi 23 f or gciaa
and 60c for colts: Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for
large. $1 50 for medium. $1 £> for small and. 50c
for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 35c
fall or medium skins, 30c; Winter or thin gklns'
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras. TGc; large and
smooth »«c: medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%S4Ho per ' lh-
No- 2. 3**c: grease. S@2Hc. : •
! WOOL— Spring Clip is quotable as follows-
Northern, free. 15@16c: Northern, defective, 12a
14c; Middle County, free. 15©l«c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12014c: Southern Mountain. 12 ;
months'. S^lOc; Southern Mountain, free T
months', ll'ffllc; Southern Mountain, defective
7 months', 9<8Uc: Humboldt and *Mendoclno. IS
©17c: Nevada, W316C per lb.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. 6H6Sc: do lambs. S®
9c: Middle County. 9@10c; Northern Mountain
free. losjllc: Southern Mountain. 7"-)SS 1 -c-
Humboldt and Mendoeino. ll©12c per lb.
HOPS— 13©16c per lb; from second hands \ZQ
20c are. the asklns prices. .
San Francisco Meat Market.
There Is no further^ advance In Hogs, but
they are firm and scarce. Beef. Mutton and
Veal are rather easy than otherwise.' supplies
telnp rather ¦ larger than for some weeks back.
BEEF— 7®8o for Steers and 8®7Ho per lb
for Cows.
VEAL. — Large. TSSc; small. 9c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. S^iSlOc; Ewes. 9©0'-4o
per lb.
LAMB- 10©lle per lb: spring:. 12Hc per 1>.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6®6Ho for small and 69
6He for medium and 6*i©5 T -«o for large; stock
Hosts. 5®5Uc: feeders. 5?<i®3}4c; dressed Hogs,
7%©9c - .
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bass. S5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. 6?ic; Wool Bars.
30fr324c; Fleece Twine. 7Hc.
COAL— Wellington. J3 per ton: Southfleld
¦Wellington. J3; Seattle. J7; Bryant. J7; Coos*
Bay. $S 50; "Wallsend. *9; Co-operative Wallj
end. {9: Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 23 la
tacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 114: Can
nel. $10 per' ton: Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
MS In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. IS 4a
per 2000 lbs and $S SO per ton. according to
brand.
Harrison's circular says: "Durtn* th» week
there have been two arrivals of coal from
Washington. 6720 tons: two from Ore
gon, 103O tons; three from British Colum
bia. 10.370 tons; total. IS. 620 tons. The arrivals
this week are somewhat less than the amount
called for. hence the stocks In yard are betas
depleted. The demand for steamer uses U
quite large, and steam coals ara being: freely
sold as fast as same arrive. The- steamer* now
plying to Australia, Honolulu and the Orient
are much larger fuel consumers than In former
years, so that the difference is markedly felt.
The winter demand for house uses Is up to
the average, although the number of g-as stovea
for cooking and house heating: is being in
creased annually. The local coat market Is
now being controlled absolutely by the coast
production, and their sway Is «o supreme that
It cannot be interfered with, as It was prior
to two years ago. Then Australian established
fuel values, but for the . moment Newcastle
coal has advanced three shillings, and Is un
procurable at the advance for several months
to come, as SO per cent of their output for
shipment goes to the west coast, hence Aus
tralian cargoes, to save the Importer from loss,
have to sell at full figures. New oil discoveries
are belnr reported weekly, even as contiguous
to the 'city as San Pablo: this meana low
priced fuel, when consumers will shape thera
selvee for Its use later on."
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnins Com
pany Quotes, per 1b. in lCMb bags:
Crushed. 6.25c; Powdered. 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. - 6.S5c: Dry Granulated. 6.73c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c; Magnolia A, E.S5c; Extra C.
6.25c; Golden C, 6.15c; barrels. ICc more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb bag*.
10c more. Xo orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Domino*, half-bar
rels. 6.50c: boxes. 6.75c per Id. >
Receipts from the Hawaiian Islands la Janu
ary were 21.721.4CO lbs.
Receipts of Produce.
U'll FOR FRIDAY. FEBRCART L
Flour, qr ska 1S.S2S Straw, tons %
Wheat, ctls 143.449 Powder, car i
Barley, ctls 13.405 Sugar, ctls 400
Oats, ctla 6S0 Quicksilver. fls»s 45
Corn, ctls BOflJLJrae. bftls S73
Rye. ctls 1,200 ' Leather, rolls.... JT3
Bean's, eks 474l\Vlne. rals T1.60O
Potatoes. sk» «.125iWool. bale* 13
Onions, ska 342 [Tallow, ctls 238
Bran, sks '750; Hides. N'o 414
Hay. tons 573^ Pelts, bdls SCO
OREGON'.
Flour, qr sks 2. C22 Potatoes. sSs..... ua
•WASHINGTON. .
Flour, <jr sks I.C32;Bran. tks t.400
The Giant Powder Co. has declared dividend
Xo. 28 of 75 cents per share.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 2,^1901,
Bank Clearings.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Bradstrcet's on Trade.
Foreign Futures.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
Butter and Cheese are about as quoted last
week. Eggs are slightly cheaper.
The market Is heavtly supplied with Poultry.
nine carloads having arrived from Us* East
Family Retail Market.
J225
10
Dun's Rcviezv of Trade.
1/ — Percent — ,
I Inc. I Dec.
CITIES.
Clearing*.
1 ~-—
Montreal g $12,813,220 6.7
Toronto 9,267.407 12.2
Winnipeg 1.702.S9S 1.4
Halifax J, 405.634 7.4 ....
Hamilton 678.138 .... ....
St. John. N. B 611.218
Vancouver 699.763 12.0
Victoria 633.S63 10.8
Totals J27.741.923 .... ....
INS.
W Hours;
| This
.' Season.
Last
EeubOD.
-lire*
ted i
;acrt
;an 1
¦ resn
n<Jej>
¦an ]
j<ye, .
; an ]
ka
Bfe
.rr.i
Fr.
MS
L.u
At
1)1.
irrV.
:r.tt
o
:•:£<
ice
Ol
!es
l...
SCO
e
ibltpo..
a
_ | i
...| ....
Tr»ce
.10
.22
.!
30.36
35.73
11.38
12.01
7.59
4.53
21.50
S.S6
4.02
I
34. 'A
35.07
13.55
14.47
€-13
2.08
I 32.50
4.S7
i 2.62
INS.
W Hours;
| This
.' Season.
Last
EeubOD.
-lire*
ted i
;acrt
;an 1
¦ resn
n<Jej>
¦an ]
j<ye, .
; an ]
ka
Bfe
.rr.i
Fr.
MS
L.u
At
1)1.
irrV.
:r.tt
o
:•:£<
ice
Ol
!es
l...
SCO
e
ibltpo..
a
_ | i
...| ....
Tr»ce
.10
.22
.!
30.36
35.73
11.38
12.01
7.59
4.53
21.50
S.S6
4.02
I
34. 'A
35.07
13.55
14.47
€-13
2.08
I 32.50
4.S7
i 2.62
1/ — Percent — ,
I Inc. I Dec.
CITIES.
Clearing*.
1 ~-—
Montreal g $12,813,220 6.7
Toronto 9,267.407 12.2
Winnipeg 1.702.S9S 1.4
Halifax J, 405.634 7.4 ....
Hamilton 678.138 .... ....
St. John. N. B 611.218
Vancouver 699.763 12.0
Victoria 633.S63 10.8
Totals J27.741.923 .... ....For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablet* . *
OAKLAND, Feb. L— Mrs. W. F. Pur-*
nell of Sacramento died to-day at her res
idence in this city She was -Miss -Minnie
McClure of Irvington. body will be
interred at that place. :
Mrs. W. F. Purnell Is Dead.
OAKLAND, Feb. 1-— The committee on
supply of the First Presbyterian Church
has extended a formal call to Rev. Ernest
E. Baker of Cleveland, Ohio. The call
carries a salary of $5000 a' year. The im
pression Is that Dr. Baker will accept
the calL ¦ 'MfflB&BKgfitt3BmBBi
Extends Call to Rev. E. K Baker.
ALAMEDA. Feb. 1.— A memorial service
in honor of Queen Victoria will be cele
brated under the auspices of Derby Lodge
Sons of St. George, on Sunday evening at
Christ Episcopal Church. The members
of other lodges have been asked to partic
ipate. The Rev. T. J. Lacey will deliver
the address. . V \-~ r -
In Memory of the Queen.
¦ " i AVBa> ... . :. : .
OAKLAND. Feb. 1.— The funeral of the
late Dr. Luther P. Hess was held to-day'
with impressive services at Masonic Tern-'
pie."' The exercises were conducted by
California Commandery No.- 11, "Knights
Templar. The - officiating , Knights \ were
Prelate J. W. Evans, Eminent Command
er F. W. Cuahing. Captain General •. 8.
Lathrop and Generalissimo W. E. Price.
By request of Mrs. Hess, . the - services
were very simple. There .was a large at
tendance. The pallbearers were>'-W.; H.
Craig, Dr. R. B. Williams, Dr. R. O. Bald
win. W. R, Hume.' D. "Martin and J.R.
Knowland. The remains , were taken to
San ; Francisco for incineration. ¦ < v >
SIR KNIGHTS HONOR
A DECEASED BROTHER
Templar Services Held in Memory of
the Late Dr.; Luther P. v
DEMANDS ORDERED PAID
OUT OF WRONG FUNDS
Auditor Rejects Some for Repairs
That Most Be Authorized by
Board of Works.
The practice of ordering the payment of
demands out of the wrong funds by the
Board of Supervisors received a setbaclc
yesterday when Auditor Wells declined to
sign a number of claims because they
were not in consonance with tho pro
visions of the charter. The demands ag
gregated J1C0O and cover supplies for re
pairs furnished to several department*
which should be authorized and approved
by the Board of Public Works. Ono
called for $19 40 for repairing the mantel*
piece in Judge Coffey's courtroom. whici\
the Auditor does not regard as furniture,
but properly comes under the head of re
pairs. Another demand is for lumber fur
nished the police patrol and Department
of Elections for certain repairs, which,
the Auditor holds must be purchased by
the Board of Works from" the lowest
iii ii i iLUiwiiiwiiflii'HMi mrnwii
OAKLAND. Feb. 1.— "The Quaker Sen
tinel," a war-time drama by Mrs. Ada
Van Pelt, was given a successful produc
tion this evening at -the Macdonouirh
Theater for the benefit of the Red Cross
work. The play will be repeated to-mor
row evening.
Two* military bands and a full orchestra
furnished the music. Spanish-American
war veterans, with Company A, Veteran
Reserves, took part in the military tab*
leaux of the drama.
VETESANS OF SPANISH
WAR APPEAR IN DRAMA
Presentation of "The Quaker Senti
nel" for the Benefit of the
Red Cross.
Memorial to the Queen.
OAKLAND. Feb. 1.— Memorial services
in honor of Queen Victoria were held this
evening in the Church of the Advent,
East Oakland. The rector, Rev. William
Carson Shaw, officiated, reading the rit
ualistic office for the dead. There was a
special programme of music.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. -1.— Hon. John W
Foster, Secretary of State under Harri
son's administration, arrived here this
1^"?. €n rome t0 Berk eley. where he
will deliver a series of lectures He Is
suffering from a slight indisposition and
went to Coronado this afternoon for a
few days rest and recuperation before re
suming his journey to Berkeley
John W. Foster Arrives.
Annie Bouley, the French woman who
created an early morning excitement In
front of the Gailhard Hotel on Pine street
at few mornings ago. is now an inmate of
a 'padded cell In »the Insane department
at the City Hall. " After receiving treat
ment in the . hospital she was taken to
police headquarters to give a more lucid
account of her quarrel with Krepper over
the loss of the bag of money and Jewelry,
said to have been the cause of the row
between them. Her narration of the affair
convinced the police authorities that An
nle had drawn on her imagination and
that her mind is unsettled. Office-:
Prowse swore to a warrant charging her
with insanity. Since being confined In a
padded cell . she refused to partake of
food. She will be examined to-day.
Annie Bouley in a Padded Cell.
BERKELEY, Feb. 1.— C. D. Perrine, as
sistant astronomer in the Students' Ob
servatory, has been selected by Director
W. AV. 'Campbell to direct the expedition
to Sumatra to observe the total eclipse of
the sun in April. The sun's disk will be
wholly -obscured for tsix and a half min
utes, an extraordinarily long period, and
the opportunities for photographing the
corona and making spectroscopic observa
tions will be particularly favorable.
This scientific undertaking has been
made possible through the generosity of
William H. Crocker of San Francisco, who
will defray all expenses.
Ralph H. Curtiss, a senior in the Col
lege of Natural Sciences, now assistant in
the Students' Observatory at Berkeley,
has been appointed by Director. Campbell
assistant on the Crocker eclipse expedi
tion. Mr. Curtiss has shown brilliant
scholarship In his university work. „ He
was recently elected a hnember of the Phi
Beta Kappa, -the scholarship honor so
ciety. '¦: "",.
of Sun's Eclipse With Ralph
' Curtiss.
DIBECTOB, OF SUMATRA
EXPEDITION IS CHOSEN
C. D.' Penine to Make Observations
ALAMEDA, Feb. 1.— It would be worth
$10,000 to her husband, says Madame^An
nette Harbidge-Maristany, to prove"*that
one of her former husbands, Benjamin
Freimann, is either .dead or alive, not
realizing that if he were proven alive she
would be a bigamist. The former hus
band, dead or alive, according to her
statement, is worth many thousands in
Egyptian money. Joseph Marlstany, who
is suing Madame Annette Harbidge-Maris
tany. alleges that he was deceived when
he married her, because, he claims, she
already had a husband. For these rea
sons, he further avers, all the transfers
of his property to her are illegal.
Madame Harbidge-Maristany says Mr.
Freimann left her five years ago to look
after his share in his mother's $250,000 es
tate in Egypt. She has not seen him -since
and thinks he was murdered and robbed
of $1500 by the celebrated assassin Butler
of Australia. She denies looting her pres
ent husband's estate, and insists that If it
had not been for her his property would
have all gone to sharks.
MME. HARBIDGE-MARISTANY
DENTES BEING BIGAMIST
Former Husband Murdered WMle
Going to Look After Big Es
tate in Egypt.
Wrecked.
OAKLAND, Feb. 1.— Bert Rogers, a
young ship carpenter employed at Hay &
Wright's yards, while riding his wheel
along the narrow gauge track this noon
ran into a moving train and narrowly
escaped death.
As It happened his hands were badly
lacerated by corning in' contact with the
graveled roadbed when he was- thrown
from his wheel. His bicycle went under
the wheels and was torn to pieces.
Rogers was wheeling along the pathway
parallel with the track when a passing
train came up behind him. Just as it
passed two men sprang out of its way
and directly In front of the wheelman.
Rogers struck one of them and was
turned directly against the train, which
threw • him heavily to the ground. He
walked to the Receiving Hospital, where
his wounds were cared for.
BICYCLIST HAS NARROW
ESCAPE FROM. DEATH
Collides 'With a Moving Train and
His Wheel Is Completely
Officers of Provisional Battalions
1 Keep Close Watch on Men With
"Lifting" Propensities.
A crusade against "rookies" who suc
cumb to a desire to appropriate the prop
erty of their fellow soldiers is on at tha
Presidio. Among the recruits arriving
dally there is bound to be one or two men
who cannot resist -temptation, and to
weed these men out of the ranks of ofll
cers and balance of the men are making
every effort. Several courts-martial hava
been held and a number of men dis
charged, "without honor," as a result of
the court's findings.
Recruits Alexander Martin of 'A Com
pany, and W. W. Loiseau of C Company,
First Provisional Battalion, were sen
tenced yesterday to dishonorable dis
charge and confinement at hard labor for
one year at Alcatraz. Both men were de
tected purloining articles of clothing from
tents occupied by comrades.
A Berious case is that of Recruit J. Mar
tin of G Company. Second Provisional
Battalion, who was arrested yesterday
and charged with stealing Government
property. He was seen to enter the tent
of the first sergeant of his company, and
upon the return of the latter he reported
the loss of five army revolvers, valued at
$15 each. As the sergeant is responsible
for the property he lost no time In report
ing the theft, and the Investigation that
followed led to th« arrest of Martin.
The charge is such a serious one that it
was pot deemed advisable to confine the
prisoner In the tent guardhouse at the
camp, and he was sent to the brick prison
at the fort. • . >
August B. Stone, private. Company E,
Ninth Infantry, and Corporal Lawrence
Weir, Company G, Thirtieth Infantry,
died yesterday at the General Hospital.
WEEDING OUT THIEVES .
AMONG THE EECRTJITS
amount would be paid, but she claims ho
got obstreperous and broke the glass In
the front door. He made such a row that
her pupils fled from the place.
When Meyer made the contract with
the town he had the Pacific Surety Com
pany give a bond for Its fulfillment. The
Trustees have decided, to begin proceed
ings against the surety company. They
have notified the company that the town
has been without street lights since Jan
uary 14, and that the company under the
terms of the bond guarantees the comple
tion of the contract.
The lighting of the town will probably
be given to the Livermore Water and
Power Company when it shall have In
stalled an electric plant. Until that la
done the town will remain in darkness,
because there is no available source of
current supply.
It is all due to a fight between promo
ter P. Meyer and his creditors. Meyer
contracted to light the town with elec
tricity. He bought a gas engine from the
Union Gas Engine Company of San Fran
cisco for $2000. but did not code within
*«» or $S0O of paying for it.
The company wearied of long delay and
then brought a suit, attached the engine
and at last had it removed. As soon as
the engine was taken out no more elec
tricity could be generated and the streets
and the private residences that depended
on the current for illumination were
dimmed.
Livermore is in darkness. The town
electric lights have been turned off and
•the , Trustees are In a quandary because
| the machinery that operated the plant has
been taken out.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 1.
long needed a first-class instrument of
this kind. The grant la made by the
Academy of Sciences from the Draper
fund for promoting research in astron
omical physics.
W. M. Bunker has presented to the uni
versity a collection of specimens secured
?n his recent trip around the world. Illust
rative of the chemistry of structural ma
terials. He was especially fortunate In.
obtaining samples of building materials
used in London in olden times. This col
lection John D. Spreckels haj offered to
bring to California on one of his shipa
free of charge.
ing fellowships la the Semitic De
partment of the University of California.
The announcement o£ this generous gift
was made at the university meeting this
morning by Professor Martin Kellogg for
President Wheeler, who was unavoidably
absent. Professor Kellogg read the fol
lowing letter explaining the gift:
SAM FRANCISCO. Jan. 30. 1901.
The Hon. Benjamin Ide Wheeler, President
of the University of CalKornia— Dear Sir: The
Congregation Emaryi-El of San Francisco, hav
ing recently celebrated the fiftieth anniversary
of Its founding, the ladies connected with that
organization desire to establish a permanent
memorial of the Jubilee. They wish that mem
orial to take the form of one or two fellowships
In the Semitic department of the University of
California, to be named Emanu-El Fellowships
in Semitic Languages, so that the name of the
great congregation they represent may In tnla
manner remain i-ier.tlfled with the progress o£
learning in California ar.il on the Pacific Coast.
The time bavin* been too short to raise th*
permanent endowment for these fellowships I
am authorized to tender you the amount of six
hunderd dollars, being five hundred dollars for
the first year's stipend and one hundred dollars
to provide such acquisitions as the Semitic Li
brary may need at the present time. I am as
sured that a similar amount for the purpose
stated will be forthcoming from year to year,
until the requisite endowment of fifteen thou
sand dollars will have been collected, which col
lection. J . anticipate, will be completed within
the next two years.
I have the honor to Inclose herewith my check
for the amount, and if this contemplated foun
dation meets with your, approval and the sanc
tion of the Board of Regents, the Semitic de
partment will ask your consent to name tha
stipendiaries for the academic year commencing
In August. 1901. I have the honor to subscribe
myself, 3Ir. President, very respectfully, '
JACOB VOOR3ANGER.
Rabbi of Temple Emunu-El.
Professor of Semitic Languages and Litera
tures; University of California,
Two prominent Eastern educators. Pro
fessor Albion W. Small and Professor
Adolph C. Miller, both of the University
of Chicago, atldresse-J the meeting. Pro
fessor Small said in oart:
"I congratulate you men and c women
that you are in a Western and not an
Kastern Institution. Here you are without
the- provincialism that makes Eastern
people think the rest of the world small
and poor compared with their own front
yard. Here you have a broad, open view
and I congratulate you upon it.
"It is easier now to choose your careers
at the opening of this the twentieth cen
tury than ftver before. We heard much
about the lack of opportunities for youns
men and women during the recent election
but that was a stupH He. There never
before were such opportunities as now.
But I warn you to aim high. It is no pre
sumption to say. *I am going to be a pro
fessor of so and so, or a president of this
tfr that university, or a Judge, or a Sena
tor*—It is no presumption because men
are constantly saying it and doing it."
Professor Miller, an alumnus of Califor
nia, gave some advice to the present stu
dents. He saw In the rapid growth of ihe
university some danger that its standards
of. culture may lower. He urged that thl*
"Ganger be met with a determination to
make culture the first object of the in
stitution.
Professor Kellogg presided at the meet
ing. :; ... j. ,
Gifts to University.
BERKELET, Feb. 1.— The National
Academy of Sciences has presented to th«
university for the Lick Observatory $500
with which to construct a modern one
prism spectrograph. The university has
• : «
BERKELEY, Feb. 1.— The congregation
Emanu-El of San Francisco has offered
a donation for the purpose of establlsh-
Ladies of . Congregation
Emanu - El the
Donors. %
OFFER FUNDS
FOR FELLOWSHIPS
Spanish Ship Gets in , Line.
LONDON, Feb. 2, 3:iO a. m.— The-SpanV
Ish warship Emperador Carlos V managefl
to effect repairs and resumed the journ&y
to Portsmouth; taking 'up her position' in
the line Just before the coffin was em
barked at Cowes. * . -
Interesting Ceremonies in "Which
British Subjects, Join. .
MONTEREY. Feb. 1.— British subjects
resident hereabouts, the officers and men
of British merchantmen now in this port
and many of the leading citizens of Mon
terey and Pacific Grove united to-day in
paying tribute to the memory , of Eng
land's Queen." The services were held to
day because two of the vessels participat
ing are obliged to leave before the hour
appointed for the royal funeral to-mor
row. Both of the vessels — the San Diego,
Captain Blackstead, and the Umbriur,
Captain. Hahn— have been at sea since
Christmas,- and. ¦- not. having heard of the
Queen's death, came into port here yester
day with .flags flying mast high. The
grief of their men' upon .hearing the sad
news was touching and was striking
proof of the place the late Queen held in
the hearts of all of her subjects.
At 1:30 to-day a procession of boats from
all the 'ships" in the harbor, headed by a
purple-draped, barge containing the- Fire
Department band, started from the outer
most vessel, and, passing slowly around
all the • others, drew up • to the wharf,
where the funeral parade was formed:
The line. In which were a number of local
Englishmen, officers and men from the
ships, the band and townspeople, then
marched to, St. James Episcopal Church,
where it was met by the officiating clergy
men.: Revs. J.S. McGowan, C. M.. Hogo
of Monterey and Hobart Chetwood of Pa
cific Grove. There the funeral service
of the English church was read. Dr.
McGowan • made a brief address, expres
sive of the mourning ''throughout- ; the
world for the great and grand woman who
had departed, and emphasizing the fact
that America, next to England, would feel
her loss. The church, ¦was beautifully
decorated with the royal; purple and. ropes
of smilax and ferns and two portraits of
the Queen occupjed prominent places on
either side- of the chancel. v,This church
is the one In: which the 'Princess Louise
worshiped during her stay in Monterey
about twenty years ago.
not accept, for the oath of office required
that they should promise to do their duty
as Christians.
"Sir Robert Peel in the early days of his
career as a statesman was not a friend
of our people, but a short time sufficed to
cause him to veer to our side. Her gra
cious Majesty, the Prince Consort and the
Duke of Cambridge were the cause of the
change in Peel's attitude, the public ut
terances of the Duke of Cambridge bring
ing, to him a realization of our value as
English citizens. When Xathaniel Roths
child was admitted to the peerage all
questions as to ,the standing of the Jew
in England were answered. Rothschild
was allowed to take his oath on a Hebrew
Bible and to eliminate the objectionable
words in the oath. Such actions stand
as a monument to English love of jus
tice."
Rabbi Nieto also addressed his congre
gation on the close 'of the Victorian era
and the Justice administered to the Jew
ish race during the life of the noble
Queen. The rabbi followed the treatment
of the Jews In England, saying: "The his
tory of our race In England during the
last sixty years is a tribute to the great
ness of Queen Victoria. Some say she was
good rather than great, but I say she was
greater than all. for she subordinated her
private desires for the good of the people
under her."
» ¦ . : •¦
SERVICES HELD AT MONTEREY
LONDON. Feb. 1.— A dispatch to the
Exchange Telegraph Company from Cairo
says severe fighting Is reported in Abys
sinia. The casualties are said to number
seven thousand.
The officials of the Foreign Office know
of no difficulty In King Mecelik's terri
tory, but It is not unlikely,* they think,
that certain malcontented chiefs may have
taken advantage of King Menelik's ab
sence from the capital to foment an in
surrection.
PARIS, Feb. l.-A dispatch to the Fran
caia from Cairo says news has been re
ceived there from Abyssinia of a great
battle. In which 7000 men were killed. It
is supposed the chiefs rebelled during the
absence of King Menellk. who has gone
to the Egyptian frontier in connection
with the dellmlnation of the Egyptian-
Abyssinian frontier.
Seven Thousand Said to
Have Been Slain in
Abyssinia.
GREAT BATTLE
IS REPORTED
Creditor Seizes the Electric
Plant and the Town Is
in Darkness.
LIGHTS GO OUT
IN LIVERMORE
TWO RABBIS
v in praise of
* d£ad queen
; A chapter # on;* '.'Parliamentary History
During. the Riign; of Queen' Victoria" was
the"*subject which * Rabbi '¦ Jacob: Voor
sanger chose for, his'sermon last night. In
the delivery : of his address he paid high
tribute 'to 'England's dead Queen. ; :
."It'waV'.a.inost, fascinating chapter,"
said the i rabbi, ')' 'In that , it placed In Vic
toria's crown .the most beautiful; of all
jewels— the jewel , of. religious freedom.
During . the era closed < by the death of
England's gracious Queen It , became : evi
dent that'the 'genius, of liberty Itself made
its home among these people. Beneath
the drapery of royalty; existed the spirit
of independence 'which, gave to ; those .; of
other than . their - belief s a liberty that,
whether political' or civil, was the pride
of the > race." ' ~ , % ¦'"¦¦ . '
r -' "From v* the time the Henrys began to
develop feudal power they were compelled
to give to the people freedom, and as this
remarkable ¦ people progressed ¦ the Jews
were not , forgotten, « until : finally i every in
justice was 1 straightened ! out." ¦ \ he • Victo
rian* era', witnessed the culmination of two
centuries'of effort In behalf of the Jewish
people. ;. The (English Parliament, passed a
bill < according Ho : the ;• Jews -• civil k and po
litical freedom^, but it I had to-be repealed.
Opposition from one or more sources made
this , action • necessary, but. It ,waa not long
before the great , worth < of the Jews In ' af
fairs of state made itself felt; Elected; to
Beats in the House of Commons they could
LONDON, Feb. 2. 6 a. 1 m.— It is a bright,
starlit morning and dry, but the forecast
of the weather promises. possible rain or
some snow. The trodps Arriving in Lon^
don are -now being breakfasted at the
Olympla or in other large buildings,. each
receiving a, large buttered roll, a German
sausage and' a -¦ pint of, tea,- which mu3t
serve until after the» funeral cortege has
passed, wheh : : another portable meal,
meat, pie. bread aodcheese, will be dis
tributed previous to entraining for the
journey back to Aldershot and other
points. - - • -
So great was the /ear of a crush that
a large body, of police was ordered out at
midnight . to control and direct the ex
pected press of people. .,:.' "
Those desiring, to see the procession will
need to be astir early, as all wheeled traf
fic will be stopped at 9 o'clock.- although
the coffin will not, arrive until two hours
later. At the same • hour all the troops
will be in position.-? > .
The War Office announces that the King
wishes that flags should continue to fly at
half-mast until sunset Monday, evening. ,
All the officers and gentlemen who are
to take part in to-day's ceremony in Lon
don, have received orders to wear cloaks.
This will I deprive the scene of a deal . of
the expected brilliancy.
LARGE BODY
OF POLICE IS
ORDERED OUT
»
r
COWES. Feb. 1.— The pathos of the
thought Inspired lost nothing by a scru
tiny of the King. Mis features were
teared and bore the marks of grief. But
In all that assemblage there will ever
stand out one face— that of the German
Emperor. Its tanned, almost olive con
tours were turned fiercely toward the sun
and his mustache-brushed upper lip en
hanced the firmness of his chin. It was
apparent that the Emperor was under
going a mental strain, for his face
twitched nervously. "Every inch a King,"
was the manner in which the German
Emperor was referred to.
Almost behind hlM ..Majesty was young
Duke Arthur of Connaught, perfect in
figure and with a handsome face, quiver
ing mouth and nervous movements.
Hardly was there time to recognize the
individuality of these personages, includ
ing the tawny-bearded Prince Henry of
Prussia and the clean-cut face of the.
Duke of Connaught.-before the most truly
pathetic sight of the day came in view.
It was a simple lltile band, in black, for
all the world like the sisters of some re
ligious order mourning humbly for one of
their number who had passed away.
None was distinguishable from the others.
They all wore plain black dresses with
long crape veils, and they followed meek
ly and with downcast heads. Yet the fir3t
was the Queen of England, and with her
was the woman wno. if she lives, will
also hold the proud title, and behind them
walked the woman to whom every knee
in England, however noble, Is bowed in
courtesy.
There have been more magnificent pa
geants than the escorting of the body of
Queen Victoria from the house where she
died to the royal yacht, but never has
there been witnessed In recent world his
tory a procession more remarkable in Us
combination of pomp and splendor with
grief and humility.
ing for One of Their
Number.
Royal Women in Black Like Sisters
of a Religious Order Mourn-
SPLENDOR AND
POMP MINGLED
WITH HUMILITY
PORTSMOUTH. Feb. 2.— Admiral Sir
Charles Salmon, the flag officer, and the
captains of all ships In the harbor, with
other naval officers, attended the disem
barkation of the body, which at 8:45 was
carried off the yacht.
Admiral Salmon and Other . Naval
Officers Attend the Disem
barkation of the "Re
.- mains.
QU EN'S BODY
TAKEN ASHORE
AT PORTSMOUTH
Chantr. as reported. M. Pichon, the
French Minister at Peking, has not al
luded to his illness for some time, bo it is
»>uppos*-d it is not Berious.
Tientsin that Li Hang Chang was dead.
PARIS, Feb. I.— The Foreign Office has
i^celved no news of tho death of Li Hung
It Is Believed, However, That the
Chinese Envoy's Illness Is
Not Serious. •
LONDON, Feb. 1.— The Tientsin corre
spondent of the Standard, wiring Thurs
day, says it was rumored that day in
1,1 HtTNO CHANG IS
EEPOETED TO HAVE DIED
WASHINGTON. Feb. 1.— A petition con
taining charges was pubmittrd to-day to
the House Committr-e on Elections No. 1
directed againrt I>e! -irate Robert \V. Wil
cox, the Hawaiian Representative In the
House of Representatives. The charges
are made la wrJtin* by George D. Gear
of Hawaii, v.ho submitted letters purport
ing to be copies of loiters written by Wil
cox to FH!p:no officials.
The alleged letter., are of a highly sen
sational character. One of the letters said
to have been written by Wilcox is given
in duplicate, bearing the alleged signature
of Wilcox. It is dated Honolulu, January
SI, 1S9S, and addressed to Dr. J. Joseph
Losada. Captain Marti Burgos and Senor
J. Luna, and Introduced to them "a friend
of mine; who !s a vtiy able man, to help
you in your cause." Among other things
the letter says:
Kr. will be a. useful ally to fight
for the < ause of the Filipinos.
One thing is sure, that you could resist
j.gn 1 1 . & ¦ &.ny slt tii y of in v&sl on — you hs. v #* &
population cf 12.'VX>.<JO0 end already a. disel
rUr.ed army of <M,uO0 which will be equipped
with juodein arms..
I hav> already made up my mind to Jo.n
with you in ycur country Against America in
oat^ they frn^ist to ignore the i is^nt, the Jus
tice or your cause. 1 know well my profession
as nn artillery officer. I have' no fear of the
whole rvcrld when I fight for a legitimate
ciuff like yrtfirt. Bftwwn General Aguinal
<Jo*s determination and myt^lf ft would be a
very' little chance left to the Invading army
of she -I'jiiU-d Sta.tts lo conquer your coun
try. Tell General Agulnaldo I have already
sriven icy service* for your' country and I am
ready to obey orders to co to your country
an<l rip*".t -ot Oic Independrnce of your people
e.r\i country' at any moment. . >
The letter bears the alleged signature of
Robert Wilcox. Another letter, dated
Honolulu. March 8. 1SS3,' says:
I am thinking of "going:; to the Philippine
lelsnd* and yive my -assistance to Agulnaldj
afair.PT the invaders— the hypocritical Yan
kees—the carj>*t tag politician Otis.
Mr. W":Jrox declined to make any ex
tendtd ar.s-.ver to the charges filed by Mr.
Gear. He says he has no fears of the
charges made. 'He arimits that he wrote
a letter to Dr. Los-ado. Captain Burgos
and Scnor I^uria introducing C. Caesar
llorpr.a. an Italian of this city, whom he
h&d known while the latter was in Ha
waii in ihe *S0s.
Morer.a had a meteoric career in Ha
waii. .Tor a few days he was Secretary
o? State. Mr. WSloox says Morer.a is the
person to whom tho unaddressed letter
liled by Mr. G^ar «a« addressed, but ha
ncid be »ap unable alter a cursory- exam
ination t6 say whtiher the letters filed
were exact cojj'es of those he sent.
The petition of. Gear recites that there
¦w-as no emotion machinery when AVilcox
¦»ias elected Deleg-ate November 6.1300. and
that many voters did not believe a valid
• itciion could be held without it and
U-.f-r*fore made no ntterhpt to vote. The
petition then brings personal charges
s«ga:r.sst Wilrox /-elating to his marriage
and also to his career under the kingdom
of -Hawaii. It is also alleged:
TJ-»t WUerx In hie sreech prior to the elec
tion rsa4e u»e of the strongest anti-American
mtensen for the purpo»* .of earning the
el^ctlcn, teiling the native Hawaiian* that tho
Atncrlccr.8 had nolen their country and that
a Ml lor him was a vote for th» restoration
of the Quwn. suid that ir be were elected the
Vu«*n would be restored. That Wilcox was
and Je ruilty of txtMmm as&inrt the I'nSted
Kt8t<MS In thht he did. as petitioner is Informed
and Relieve?, since the annexation of Bald Ha
waiian Islands, write and *end through the
T'rited States mails certain letter* of a highly
treasonable nature, wherein be did counsel and
Incite "ethers to enrage ! in open rebellion
a«a!nFt the United State*, and did offer his
Rwvicea to Genera! Agulnaldo to go to the
PMlirp!re« and tight and erurage in open re
henirn against the United States, copies of
vhlch letter* are herewith filed.
The petition concludes as follows:
¦Wherefore, by reason of the foreirolnjr facts.
petitioner eubmlt* that said Wilcox is not en
t:t;<"u to a Feat in the House of Representa
tive* durtnc the Fifty-*ixth or Fifty-seventh
< *on;rre5»e#, and that he should be ousted
therefrom for the following reasons:
1. Urcause no legal el**ctlon was or could be
held until a mode of holdin;; the came Fh<>a;d
be provided by the Legislature of Hawaii.
2. If said election was legal. Wilcox should
be unseated and expelled because of not being
a fit, and proper man to reoresent the Terri
tory of Hawaii, and because he is guilty of the
crime of bigamy.
a. That rttii Wilcrrs ehould be unseated and
expelled bpcsuse of having written and uttered
. tr* asonable Ianjruap* acainn the United States
within the two year* last uaeU
Sensational Allegations Are
Made Against tht Delt
gate From Hawaii.
WILC0X CHARGED
WITH TREASON
Policemen Thomas J. Fitzpatrick and
John McMullin. who were on duty at the
fire, are reported missing T.o-day.
NEW YORK, Feb. 1.— The extent of the
destruction wrought by the conflagration
which destroyed nearly the whole block
of buildings at Thirty-first street and
First avenue last night, and did,'accord
ing to first estimates, J1.5C0.000 of dam
age, could be better appreciated this
morning. The huge factory of the Wil
liam Wicke Company was almost level
wiih the ground. Contractor Joseph Cody^
of the building department, with a force
of 100 men. had labored at the ruins all
night, pulling down dangerous sections of
wall. Other property destroyed was the
six-story factory building, Nos. 404, 406
and 408 East Thirty-second street; the
five-story tenement at 546 and &48 First
avenue; the five-story tenement, 462 East
Thirty-first street; Jackson's Iron foundry,
extending from 402 East Thirty-first street
to the river, and a two-story brick build
ing on Thirty-nrst street occupied by the
Swift Dressed Beef Company.
The property partially destroyed In
cludes the tenements at 530 and 652 First
avenue and 522 and 524 First avenue.
About seventy families were rendered
homeless by the burning of these tene
ments.
Boekhout's lumber yard on the north
side of Thirtieth street, between First
avenue and the river, was still burning
fiercely at 7 o'clock this morning, but the
iiremen with three powerful streams from
the nreboat and two streams from engine
No. 1 were able to keep the flames from
extending at that point.
Klre Chief Croker said to-day that he
believed the fire was caused by an explo
sion of chemicals in the Wicke factory.
He T.as informed that a watchman had
gone into the vault in the cellar with a
light, and that the vault contained the ex
plosives. The Chief added that he did not
know what had become of the watchman,
or who he was. He said the explosion
that started the conflagration might have
been caused by illuminating gas getting
into the cellar from a pas main, but he
did not think this was the case.
Engine 21 was almost completely
wrecked and water tower Xo. 3 was badly
damaged. Engine ST. on its way to the
fire, collided with a car at Fourteenth
street and Third avenue. Both tho car
and the engine were damaged, and the fire
horses were so badly hurt that one of
them had to be shot. Engine 25, on its
way from the fire to Its headquarters this
morning, broke down. The Fire Depart
ment also lost several thousand feet of
hose and connections. The bitter cold
made the work of the firemen very diffi
cult.
Two Policemen May Have
Lost Their Lives in
New York.
MISSING AFTER
THE BIG FIRE
Catherine Hermann . has sued Adam
Mertz and his wife, her aunt and uncle,
for $10,000 damages, alleging that they
turned her out of doors after inducing her
to leave her home at Columbia, Pa., and
come to them to become the heiress to a
portion of their fortune. '¦ TT '
The Mertz residence Is at 233. Haste
street, Berkeley. They deny the charges,
declaring that their niece voluntarily left
them three months ago without telling
them where she was going.
The girl asserts that she was forced by
ill-treatment to go away and now she is
working in a laundry instead of living like
a lady while waiting for a. fortune. • --
Miss Hermann is 24 years old. She
claims that her elderly relatives wanted
a companion and made all sorts of prom
ises to her, w lch. she complains, have
not been fulfllltu. After a month of hap
piness, Miss Hermann declares, she was
forced to go tb work as a domestic to earn
enough to pay taxes on tho Mertz home.
Later, she claims, her aunt turned her
out to make her way alone in a strange
city. She asserts that it was understood
she was to be the helres3 of the aged
couple. She asks for a permanent allow
ance of $20 monthly during their lifetime
and at death the reversion of their estate
to her, or $10,000 damages In lieu.
Mr. and Mrs. Mertz are each S2 years
of age. * Mr. Mertz is .confined to his bed
with illness. Mrs. Mertz Is quite deaf
and is compelled to use an ear trumpet.
She said .to-night:
"About five months ago njy niece ar
rived here. I Three months ago she left
of her own free will and without cause.
She did nothing but read and walk around
the streets while she was here. She and
her father were trying to arrange things
so that she could get our property when
we die. I have a letter which her father
wrote to her asking her to see if we
would legally adopt her. Had she be
haved herself she could have had what
we left"
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Feb. 1.
Catherine Hermann's Dream
of a Fairy Life Is
SUES RELATIVES
FOR A FORTUNE
Mrs. Hermine Muller, who has an em
broidery school at 706A Larkin street, se
cured a warrant from Judge Mosran yes
terday for the arrest of "E. L. "W " a
collector for a feather company on New
Montgomery street, on the charge ot
malicious mischief. She alleged that th«»
collector called at her dace last Tuesday
while she had her class under Instruction
and he rudely demanded payment of 12
the balance on an account due from her.
She .' begged him to. leave auietly and tho
Frightened Her Pupils.
SECOND LIEUTENANT JOHN
HUNTER, COMPANY I, FIFTH
REGIMENT. X. G. C.
TWO YOUNG COLLEGE WOMEN "WHO ARE TAKING AN ACTIVE PART
IN ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE DEDICATION OF HEARST HALL AT
THE UNIVERSITY OP CALIFORNIA. . . '' *
The women students of the affiliated
colleges have been Invited to be present.
At the close of the exercises a reception
will be held.
LIVERMORE. Feb. 1 -John A. Beck ;
with, past master of Live Oak Lodge o..
Masons, was the honored puest^ and in
stalling officer of Mosaic Lodge Iso. 218 of
this town last week. ¦ Mosaic Lodge had
prepared elaborate ceremonies for the in
stallation and invited Mr. Beckwith from
Oakland, he being one of the most active
"Masonic workers in Alameda County. A
banquet was served after the ceremonies,
at which Mr. Beckwith was the guest of
honor.
Installs Masonic Officers.
' T|""vL ERKELEY, Feb. L— Hearst ;HaU
L// will be formally dedicated as the
|~)\ center of college women's activl-.
iXt^dJ ties Saturday. February 9. at 3
p.m. The affair is in the hands
of the Associated "Women Students of tho
University of California and extensive
preparations are being made for the dedi
cation.
The principal ceremony will be the un
.veillng of a dedicatory plate of oak in the
main room of the hall. . The plate will' be
made at the WilmerdlnK School' of Indus
trial Arts. Miss Agnes Frlslus, president •¦
of the Associated Women Students,; has 3
appointed the following committee. to pre
pare a suitable inscription - for,. it: Miss .
Eva Powell, Miss Leslie Grlnnellf Miss V.
Millege, Miss -Catherine Layne and ¦ Miss
LJllie Janes. The committee in charge of
invitations to the alumnae consists of
Miss. Leila McKlhne, Mls3 Elizabeth Eby,
Miss Oma Davles. Miss Lucy Maxwell .
and Mrs. F. D. Calef.
The following programme has been pro
visionally arranged: \
Address, President Benjamin Ide Wheeler;
address, on behalf of the alumnae, Mrs. Judge
Slack ;*• address. - on behalf of the women'stu
dents. Miss Irene Taylor; unveiling of the oak
plate; prayer. Professor Thomas R. Bacon;
selection. Choral Society quartet; selection,
Quartet of university men.
After the unveiling of the plate some
one, not yet appointed, will speak in be
half of Mrs. Hearst, who will be unabls
to be present.
Elaborate Preparations Are Being Made for the Afr
fair, Which Will Take Place on February 9.
rr IVERMOP^, Feb. 1.— John R.
I Hunter of this city has been elect
t ed second lieutenant of Company
ii-ci^ I, Fifth Regiment,-**'. G. C, to
Gil the vacancy caused by the
resignation of George W. Meyers. _ ' Mr.
Meyers has moved from Livermore and
resigned because he could no longer at
tend to his duties.
The election of Mr. Hunter was really
a promotion for merit. He has been a
member of the Livcrmore company since
it was organized and was instrumental in
its organization. He became a sergeant
and served with such success that upon
the resignation of Lieutenant Meyers ne
was unanimously elected to succeed him.
The new officer is only 22 years of agef
but his military record Is first class.
Lieutenant Hunter is the son of Rubo
Hunter, postmaster of Livermore, and ono
of the best-known politicians of the val
ley. The lieutenant has always been
prominent In social circles, in the Masons
and in the Native Sons.
HUNTER MADE SECOND
LIEUTENANT FOR MERIT
Company I, Fifth Regiment, N. G. C, of Liver
more, Rewards a Faithful Sergeant
HEARST HALL WILLIE FORMALLY
DEDICATED BY COLLEGE WOMEN
SOUSA'S famous band, fresh from
the scenes of its unparalleled tri
umphs in Europe, particularly at
the Paris Exposition, and
strengthened by eighteen months
of almost continual practice under the
leadership of the renowned ">Iarch
King," will commence an engagement of
five days at -the Alhambra one week from
next Sunday, f;
The present tour of the band is the long
est and most noted ever attempted by a
musical organization. When It is com
pleted nearly all the most Important cities
of both Europe and America wilt have
been visited. John Philip Sousa is the
tirst American composer and conductor to
achieve International recognition and fa
vor.
The band, which for years has retained
practically the same personnel, is now
m excellent form. Sousa has with him
two • new soloists— Miss Blanche Duffleld.
a soprano, who is reputed to be of sur
passing beauty and to have an exception
ally sweet voice, and Miss Bucklin, vio
linist and artist of great power.
The season at the Alhambra will Include
five evening and four matinee concerts,
the dates being February 10. 13, 14, 13 and
16. On Monday, the 11th, the band will
play in Oakland, and on Tuesday, the
12th, at San Jcse. It has been arranged
to open the advance sale at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s next Saturday.
Touring* •¦ America After Having Gained Suceess
and Coin in European Countries.
SOUSA'S FAMOUS BAND
TO PLAY AT ALHAMBRA
11
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY -2, 1901v
COLOXEL GEORGE HI>TTON'.
MANAGING DIRECTOR OF
SOUSA'S BAND.
COLORED HUGGER ' SENTENCED.— Wil-
liam Ross, the colored man. who was convicted
by Judge Conlan Thursday on a charge oi va-
grancy, was Identified yesterday morning by
Herman Muller of the • German Savings and
Loan Society as the man who had been. ter-
rorizing women In the Western Addition by
hugging them. He was sentenced to six
months io the County JaU.
P fears*
No other soap in
the -world is used so
much; or § so little of
it goes so far.
ATI sort! of people n*e Pears* soap, a.t sorts
•X stores sell it. especially druggists.
This Tells The Story
i.,One Opinion taken from over one thousdnd testimonials
received from the most prominent physicians all over the world.
DAVID WAliSH.JI. P-V.C- M» Edln., Physician to the
V Western' Skin Ilospltul, London, England, writes t
"I have found Hunyadi-Jano3 to answer every purpose and I invariably prescribe
it. partly because It can be obtained anywhere and everywhere, partly, because of ita
uniform action, and last, not least because it Is preferred by my patients."
; Dyspepsia,, Biliousness and all Stomach and Liver Troubles.
No Medicine in the world has received such widespread endorsement
LABEL ON BOTTLE is BLUE witii Red Centre PanelTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY;* FEBRUARY 2 V 1901.
12
CA11PET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 853-S57 Tehama St. : tel. South 40.
CAHPETS cleaned at 3= per yard, laid at 6c.
ETRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL.- Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaninjc Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
UL Main 3?4. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 533 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126. * ¦ ¦
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, • liiprrown nails, warts, chll-
blalns; painTess cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION' OFFICES.. .
GEOUGB W. KELLY'S Asrency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. S27 Market st.
COTTAGES \ TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 largV; rooms; large yard; rent V.
Inquire 1300 Florida St.. cor. Twenty-fifth.
~~ DENTISTS. i ¦
AT the ELECTRO-DKNTAL CLINIC. SC3 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rcn. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
without plates our specialty; gold ¦ crowns,
J3 10 up; plates, extractions free, Jl &0 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 8 to 2
p. ra. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 2'J days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns. $3 E0; fillings. Me; plates.
*5, full set: all work palnlasa and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth gt.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates,- bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, palnleas method: 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free: prices
cheapest and Kuarant^'d; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. ZQ O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting -when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. SOc; gas given.
THK New York Dentists have moved to WJ
Mission St., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges: difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction. EOc.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teethjH; crowns. 13; fillings, 25c.
DR. H. G. TP.UEMAN, dentist, third Hoor. Ex-
aminer building: formerly in Murphy bldg.'
A. L. SIMPSON, D. D. S., 1206 Market st.-Ex-
pert tooth extractor; crown and bridcework.
•VAN ViiOOM- "PalnWs" : evenings and Sun-
days*. 1001 Market at., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. O.
VOTtvo. i«t i>oik tt.
EDUCATIONAL.
EVENING SCHOOL. S. P. BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st.; Individual Instruction
in bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil service coaching: tuition S3 month.
ALL 6tudents but two taking full course this
3, ear got portions. SAN FRANCISCO HUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1JS6 Market St.
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market st. — Day
and evening; JS per month; $50 life scholar-
; hip guarantees a , complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past 6 months: catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
fhorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
• shorthand: reportcrlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post et.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.: day
and night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE'has posl-
tions guaranteed to It by written contract,
and con therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all its graduate*. SOS Larkin st.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university. | law and medical
colleges: refer-nces. President Jordan or auy
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
j MINING school of H.IIIrschlng, 334 Kearny St.,
open; day and eve. classes; chemistry, llxlva-
' tlon, mineralogy, geology, coal oil formation.
MATHEMATICS, languages, preparation for
college end civil service: backward pupils
taught; experience; credential?. Box IKS, Call.
'. A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates: bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
| ENGINEERING, civil, eke. mining, mech., *ur->
I vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve.: est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market, j
THE Silvan Guitar Book, by D. Mansfield; Just I
out; 135 pretty and rasy pieces; at the music
stores.
ELOCUTION, physical training, voice culture
for speech. Calhoun's School, 623 Sutter Bt.
1 MANDOLIN, violin, guitar player*, cluh prac-
tice. Merkl. reliable teacher, 1008 Mission st.
FRENCH.Ppanlfh. etc. Prof. I>;Fllippe'sAcfldeiny
of languages, 310 Post; estab'dlSil; ablest profs.
MUXSON. School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
lng. Spanish. 1S7 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— rARTlNGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night-<:Iays. 414 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office: best
help furn.; domestic servants; work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
JAPANESE responsible housecleantrig co. ; est
1870: practical recommend: try them: removed
to 419 Dev>adero: tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help ot all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants.- GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 ''Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 526 O'Farrell st.; teL Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all klndf, help. 315 Stockton: Main KISS.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California: phone James 2C01.
ORPHEITM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 4I1»4 O'Farrfll st;.tel. East 428.
| EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
RESPECT A BLK^olnaT^ith~gi7i PoTT"year»
wants housework or plain cooking in small
boarding-house; references; wage3 $12; city
1 preferred. 744 Howard St.. -i •-
A NICE woman, good cook, wishes situation
where there are no other women to show her
how to cook; rood wages; references. 530
Gourh st. '
RELIABLE woman wishes position; willing to
do any kind of housework. Address 875 Fol-
som Et. .
AN Eastern lady wishes position as working
housekeeper. Apply 1233 Market Bt., between
Eiehth and Ninth, room 2.
A YOUNG girl wishes a place to assist in
housework. 9',4 Dikeman place, oft Mason St.,
near O'Farrell. -
KXPERIENCED- Infant's nurse, mtddle-aged,
desires work In private home. Institution or
at her pwn rooms. Address box 1705, Call.
TOUXG woman from the country wants place
to attend a child; wages $10. Address ANNA,
821 Grant ave. • '
COMPETENT middle-aged woman would like
, a situation to do light housework. 1634 How-
ard st. t .¦ «.-¦•¦
A RELIABLE woman with boy 4 years • old
wishes a position as waitress or to do any
kind of housework; country preferred; can
furnish references. Box 14SC, Call efflce..
EXPERIENCED woirMn with best references
.wishes position as housekeeper or as cook
fon ranch. 1110 Clay at. ¦¦-
YOUNO lady wishes work with nrst-class
dressmaker; good waist finisher. 1931 Fif-
teenth st. '
"WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket—SCO rooms; 25c to Jl 60 night, $1 50 to (6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. -
CLASSIFIED 'advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been - established at 1036
Valencia st. w'- .--.. ¦- ¦ ; ;
EaiPLOY3IE>T*;AyAXTED--KlALE.
CARPENTER, good millwright and general
man from East, total abstainer, '.'¦ wishes
steady position with manufacturing or other
corporation; city or out; distance no ; obj«>c-
. tlon. Box 1700, /Call office. ;
RELIABLE man wishes employment; possesses
fair business ability; can : handle carpenter
tools; also paint; low wages; city or country.
Bos 1703. Call office. ,
BARTENDER, German, ." good mixer, * desires
position, city or country: best of ; references.
Address G. M., 1104 Larkin st. . L : -
CLERK would, like j position 'In -rooming, or
lodging-house; wages reasonable; have experi-
ence. X. Y. Z., 321 Ellis Bt./.. v : -
GOOD all around stableman wishes position;
best references; , A.\ B., 441 Geary.; st i ~ ..
GARDENER wants a situation; ' good driver
" and careful with horses and handy, with tools.
Box 1318, Call- office.
SOBER and reliable young married man wants
. a permanent • position : as ¦"• night watchman;
best of city ¦ references. Address F. . B.^ 8.,
87 JJ Natoma st. t city. ¦ ' , - - -*; - -
SAX FOAKCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San Francisco
C«:i. corner cf Market and Third streets; open
tirtil 12 o'clock every night In the year. -
BRANCH CFriCKS— K:7 Montgomery street,
crrrier Cay; epen until J:30 p. m.
SP? Hayes street; open until 9:S0 p. rn.
. rzz. McAlUftPr street: open until 8:30 p. m.
ris Larkin street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
IHl Mission street; open until 10 p. ra.
:2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tr.nl 9 p. m.
:"¦•£ Eleventh street: open until S r»- n>.
:0S6 Valencia fftreet: open until S p. m.
JCortbwtet corner Twer.'y-set'ond and Ken-
tacky »>trects: oopn until 3 p. m.
KI2KTIXG \OTICES. ""
MI??ION l^odge No. 1€?. F. anj A. M.— a
Calie<l meetlns THIS <SATI««DAY)
EVKNINO. at T:^; o'clock. First D^- lS.SC
ifroc-. GEO. D. KLACK. Secretary. / '
I'ACI'/IC Lcdffe No. 15i. I. O. O. F. ,o^*k&.
Officers and will aft""ni-^S^SKjS
ble nt the lod«eroora or» SATtTH-
KAY, February 2. IH^l. at 1 '" '
o'clock p. m.. to attend the funeral cr our
]?le brother. JOSEPH GRAHAM.
Alx'U'Hl'P F.. GRAUTXER. Noble Grand.
ritANKLIN M. CARSON. Secretary.
2.: ASTER Llariners' JJcncvolent Amu- __^
oip.tion. Si>ecial rr.retins will h« ,%T,<^
bdd at hall. 32) Post street. SATI'It- >:£->
DAV. February 2, at 12 m. All mfm-
Jx-rs are requ^e'ed to b«* present for the
r"p r r^d C r> < rotherT n CAf»TAIN GERARD DSB-
NEY. By order cf tht President.
L. TRAUNG. Rec. Sec.
OFFICERS and members of «^ -
California Harbor. No. 13. |^&*»jBe»»^-_
American Associatlcu of 5?l 5]fr«*S33s»
Masters and Pilots, are Ifij^i***^
requeftefl to meet at their l*""^
haJl. f»rrj' buildlnK. on
FATrRDAT. February 2, at 12 o'clock, for
the purpose of attending the funeral of our
!ste brother. Captain GERARD DEBNEY.
rVrviotB ct his late residence. 943 McAllister
ftrr-ct. at 1 o'clock. Interment Cj-press Lawn
Oinetery. By order of the Captain.
R. N. PIFPEY. Secretary.
¦WOODMEN' of the World. ->«
Gclrtfn Gate Camp No. Offi 8H
..« -M^rnbers »i* i;»r>hy — «^?^ yMUii.?
funeral of our lete neigh- VB^^***^**^? 1 *"^
nor. JOFnri! QEAHAM.
from the Firft I'nit.'d Presbyterian Church.
Golden Gate ave. and PoIIc Rt.. SATURDAY,
ot 2 oViock. pi m. Dy order
W. I». JONES. Consul Commander.
THH American Tyler of February 1 will con-
tain a jKirtnsit of ICIiik Edward VII in full
MriFonic r*»;talla; early arplifstfon is neofs-
wirj- to obtain a oai<y» VI*. C. BL'LLES,
. cape 8 post sf. 1
TlfE flr.rual rfipetirn of the rtockhold»rs of
th<» Sierra Railway Company of Caliromla
will b? h-:d .at the office of the company,
riuml^r CTS Crocker building. City ar.d County
of Fan Francisco. Ftate of California, on
MONDAY, the 11th day of February, 19CL at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. ra.. for the purpose
«f **lectin^ directors for the enr.uinc year and
the tmnsaction of such other business as may
come before said meeting.
f. M. HICKET. Secretary.
r»at#><i January IS. U0L
"^7^**; California Debrin Ccmraiision, hav'n? re-
cflvcd apr'-'-cations to rr.lre by the hydraulic
rrccecs from P»>ttr H. Russell, in the Dads
• Gulch mine, rirar Camptonvill-. Yuba Co..
to der-oeit tailines in Brandy Creek; from
V.-^i. Abbott ar.d Louis W. Clark. In the
Odd Hill plyer mine, near Rackerby, Yuba
Cr., to deposit tailings in a raw-ine below the
tr'.v.c. ar.d from E. C. ar.d P. J. Rigney. in
the Mai'v mine, near Mountain Ranch. Cal-
evcras Cc. to <3'pof!t tailings in O'Nell's
'Zrrck. Eiv^e notice that & meeting will be
bria at room B. Flood bullfl-ng, San t"ran-
cisco. Cal.. or. February 11, 1S01. at 1:30 p. ra.
THE regular «r.rual me^tlnp of th<- stockhold-
••rn of the UNION TRUST COUPANT of
Pun Frar.cineo will be held at the office of
tr-> renpiny In the Union Trust Company's
txMtd'rg. corner Montgomery. I'ost anl Mar-
lc-t us., fan Francisco. Cal.. on MO.VDAT.
The 4th day of February. J9C1. at the hour or
? o'clock r>. m.. for the purpore of electing
« tciri of directors to serve 'or the fcllow-
lr^ y^ar. the amrndment of the by-laws of
Thi- cempany and the transaction of such
e:h«r bUKir»r!> as may »-orre hrfore the ineel-
lr.r t TT. HEM.MAX JR.. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
TTIV. hook war; Life and Times of Queen Vic-
!o.-ia: only official, complete book; biggpft
• nni beeU prlceg cut: 60 per cent profit; 100ft
nCf>nti» wanted: a rr.:!'.!on copies will b» sold
In <<" da;F; va-iuabl? pr^niiuins free with each
IxvVk: crefilt giver.; freight paid: general
cpni" wanted on salary; book outfit alone
free; both book. end premium outfits prepaid
fir "<<r; order «iuick. Address •}!« authorized
A-merican pub».. Mor:oe Book Co.. Chicago.
ACTSnT^— "Life cf Que*n Victoria," best,
!r.rpf«t. most coirrlrte and authentic rnemor-
;?.! vr.lume: 'bort terms: books shipped from
Pkeific Cnart dfor-.t: outfit free; send lCc for
prm&ge. R. R. Patterson. <T> Montgomery ct.
KN1CUGETIC poliritcrs for city and bay towns
to Trpreeerit' reliable busincrs. Box 1438. Call
' office.
>GENT in every town; r.ew importett house-
hold DCMMlty; best thing en the coaft.
A.irtrcF? Di:nrte* BTfg. Co.. 14 Flood bldg.. S.F.
AOKNTS wanted f«r t-ity and Interior towns.
!:<-<>?:» :!2. Flood buildinc
AGSNTS •rasted for a good selling patent.
P:irk Hotel. IG and 2S Turk «t.
ADOPTION,
HEALTHY baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
n'N'KE, Kifi Kichth ft.. Alameda.
ASPHAI-TIM KOOF.'.NG.
i. PKl-Tinn. asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
raired: pc«tal. lim MisFi^n: tel. Folyom 1607.
ATTOIIXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without fucefs: collations. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. f>i<> Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK W. PMITIL miring and probate law a
tpcrialty. Mills Up., r. S. 4th fir.: tel. Fled 26l«.
ADV!cn 1re^: no charre unless successful. \V.
tX\ PAV1DSOK. ?C7 Market ft., opp. Mason.
L. S. CL.AT.K. F.mma gpreckels bldg.. 917 Mar-
V»-t st. : fi-iTsi^fatlon fre*: no fees tn advance.
DATH CABINCTS.
EXOCTZUC li£ht Lath cabinets to let and for
sal*, lf.36 Pfir.t I>ib^s sve.
DtSINESS CHANCES.
A— »45f— SAUfON. with mercantile lunch; al*o
llvinp r.ooms; amon;j the wholesale houses;
1"W r«*nt; (rotKj businers. Call R. <J. WILKE,
K^arny st.
A-jrrW; SALOON, few doors eouth of Marke'
Ft. ; t>lace kf-pt by owner 12 years and is do-
ing a Rooi business; sickness only cause of
M'r; nct'rent $jj. Inquire H. G. WILKE, K^
. K»arny et.
A— J75.9; SALOON; rent f50; pla'-f doing a busi-
ness of $700 per month: patronised by eallors
• nd ftcldiers; about |C*j clcarrd in 29 days.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26'i Kearny st.
A— I'CO; tea. ceffe* and crockery store,,' on
Ftorkton St.; rent $45; living rooms; fixtures
rr.d rtock will invoice the price; owner en-
iraprd otherwise. Call It. O. 1VILKE, 2C%
Knarry et.
a— %'jt ; CAXDY and {cecream parlor: rent $3;
a place r-ctabl. years and doing a (rood busl-
r?-s»; owner compelled to lea» - e city at once;
rare chance. R. O. WILKE, 264 Kearny st.
A— JGfO; COKNEFt butcher shop. In northern
part of city: rent $3): horse, cart: selling: 4
rattle and about IS Fhe«p per week; a cash
rLrtcm. Call R. O. WILKE. 26\i Kearny «t_
A— JSCC: <X)RNER grocery and bar on Langton
r.U; re:;t $30: place estab. 20 years; must sell,
mx owner waits to retire and rrlve Ions lease
to ripr.t party. K. G. WILKE. S6V4 Kearr.y.
A-1135C: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
rln<e to irnlcn Iron Works; rent $60; 4 years'
>a«-: a first -class, paying business; owner
Tnu«t leave Tor N. T. to settle estate: Inves-
tlpate end make offer. IL G. V.'ILICE, 26^4
K^crr.y ft.
FIRST-CLASS raloon: elegant fixtures; must
f»-H lx»(cre February 1: owner must north;
trial given; «>8-r terms; see this bargain.
Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market St.-
3" n buy. w!I or exchar.»re i-eal estate, store or
tiuslne*fi plac» call on H. C. DECKER. 1020
Market rt. No charge lor advertising.
; liOTEL nnd bar r.ear I'nirn Iron WorkF- <heap
rent; effpr T.p.nted. DECKER. 1C20 Market Et.
J375 — BAKERY and cofTee saloon; fine place;
good trade. McLAT'GHLIN. 7774 Market st.
»4TS— SALOON; No. 1 l<*-stion: fine fixture* •
full value. MCLAUGHLIN. 777ii Market rt.
t~s — CIGAR Ftore; pood Mock and trade* bar-
gsin. Mclaughlin. 77714 Market «t.
$W»-nEFTAURAN-T: block *o. MpJket; clears
J100 mo.:rent$40::iivmi«. liasiie. 3 Eddy.
LAITNDRV route In largest and oldest estab-
l>hpd laundry in city; K5D. Address box
JST5. Call office.
GROCERY: old mtabZI&hed. fine bunlr-ets cor-
ner; ct a «=acrtft-» on account of sickness
Eos 1706, CaU office.
CANDY and notion store for eale. 11C5 IIow-
ard st.
TV ANTED— A party to r«n coffee house. Par-
tlculars Ccffee John, C13 Clay. ct.
FMALL home bakery; first-class trade; pood
reasons gelling. £23 Sixteenth gt.. Oakland.
RESTaCRANT for eale; lew rent; . owner
rouft go to Europe. Apply as Eighth st.
{4S0— CIGAR store, ciubroom. laundry office.
233 Third 81
nt'SI\ESS CHA5CES — HCONTI3TUED. ,
PARTNER wanted In a large, old-established
profitable business, controlling a good, safe,
rolld and reliable trade; owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to sell
an Interest to ari acceptable party; duties
will be the keeping of accounts and assist-
ing generally in the management of the busi-
ness; capital required $5000 to $10,000; full
value In sight; books and business open for
Investigation. Apply J. -W. DONNELLY &
CO.. 632 Market tt. .
A SNAP-Chciee of a 35-bbl flouring mill near
| Sclem, Or..
OR
I Th» famous Aider Glen Spring summer re-
i eort. Address Alder Glen, Cloverdale.' ; ',;>
• DRUG store; ftne location; payicc business;
' jrescription office; fine for a physician: owner
| eoins to Europe; will accept a reasonable
! ofler; physician* and druggists Investigate,
i Addrr^t) Drugs, box H52, Call office.
1 OCTFIDE route on this pap«r for sal*. App!7
I Call BuelnMa Office.
! S2S0— BOARDING and lodging house, with bar
and bakery attached, Including building and
long ground lease; pays well. Apply E. W.
HAWKINS, 11 Montgomery st.
I AA— $400: grand opportunity for lady or gent.;
1 location perfect: cigars, periodical.*, notions.
I Waiting-room. 22d ave. station. E. Oakland.
j STATE rights; up to date freezer; lee cream
; In half-minute: $1000 required. S. SiVEE-
KJETy Krcr.ch Hospital.
! DRESSMAKING parlors, established 15 years;
j large list wealthy patrons; paying business;
| Investigate. Newell & Carter. 721 Laguna tt.
! LONG-ESTABLISHED watch and Jewelry re-
i pair shep for sale; low rent; centrally >.o-
¦ cated. Address box l<08, Call office. .1^
I FOR Bale cheap— A complete patent brick
plant. Address Rldenhour Brick Co., Hilton,
Sonoma County, Cal.
TO leaf e— Hotel, II rooms, unfurnished; good
payir.tr bar, furnished; San Rafael station.
j J. SHEARER. San Rafael.
! RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; dally re-
| ceipts about $60. Call at place. 410 Kearny.
i ESTAB. restaurant; suitable for couple; ln-
' eluding property. 514 Central ave.. nr. Hayes.
tiV>-CAXDT store; choice location. Call 927
I Marl:et. r. 509. II m. to 1 p. m.. and C to 6:30.
ISO WINS $200 per month at races: references
I frlven. Information Lyons. S:'l Market, r. 4.
I LARGE inside route on this paper for sale.
I Apply bu?'.ne*s office. •
I CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2I0O Fillmore et.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
Fubscriptions has been established at 1096
VnJertcIa ft.
LODGINK-HOUSES FOR SALE.
HOTEL for sale— 145 rooms; clears $500 every
month; price to suit. DECKER. 1C20 Market.
Si-rtOOM hcuse. clearing $1M>
per month. Price only $1450
SG-room house, near O'Farrell and Powell.
Price enly S1S0O
t0-room boardinir-house: clears $400.- J300O
100-room house; beet on earth 9O0O
TJ-rcom house, clears $100; price 750
SO-rocm house: clears? J100; Pine st 830
16 rooms; north of Market st 759
50-room boarding-house: clears $300 WOO
10-room flat: downtown 500
It roomf; on Mission st COO
50 rooms; new furniture; J1C00 cash 2600
IS rooms; en Thirxst 600
1 4f> rooms: fine comert clears $200 3500
14 rooms: en Oeary St.; clears $150 150O
i ?S rooms; on Kearny et. : clears $150..- 1600
J 33 room*; en "Market Et 1400
II rooms; clears $75 450
.7:0 others— Prices from $100 to $23,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
IL C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint 79S.
; 5530 — 9 R. ; npw; elegantly furnished: rant $33;
Pott st. KRKDO &. CO.. 803 Market St., r. 32.
7 ROOiXS, nicely furnished: rent $17 50; only
JCtO. KREDO & CO.. Klood bide., room 32.
C5 ROOMS, cor.. IST^O; SI rooms, only $1400.
<» rms.. hotel. SCOOG; 23 rms., bargain. $700.
KREDO & CO.. S03 Market St.. room 32.
33 RM?., new. elegantly furnished boarding-
house, corner; clear3 $i00 monthly; cost $3300;
bargain for $3200. KREDO & CO.. S09 Market.
LOKGING-HOUSK buyers. notice! I have
largest lUt of lodclnK-houses and hotels; can
suit all buyers; employ & persons who are
Caily adding new houses to list; title given
with each house sold; money loaned buyera:
no fake prices; value elven for your money;
before buying: call and be convinced.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Rooms 1-2. 81" Market st.. tel. Mint 1911.
A— WE sell the o&rth and all things appurte-
nant thereto. Do you want a
I Roomlng-houee, best in city
1 Restaurants at all price?
I!arbpr shop. 3 chairs, cheap
i And lar«r» 11« of others. DONALD INVEST-
MCNT CO.. S3) Market gt.
€0 ROOMS; newly furnisned: rent $150 $3000
27 rooms; money-makfr: near Market 1900
SO rooms; Van Nees; J finely furn.: extra.. 950
la room*; Leavenworth; rent $57 SO S<>0
10 rooms, J450: 10 rooms, quick ? S50
FIPHER & CO.. 1022 Market st.
CALL and re* our list of bargains In houses:
v.-» have them in any part cf the city and at
»ny Dr'ce. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28
Birth st.
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. 33 Kearny St.. room
C— Big bargain list in .office; money loaned:
clear title; houres all full.
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. SO Keamy st.. rm. 6.
T6J0-24 ROOMS: fine location, well furniehed;
! all rented; lew rent. BASILE. 3 Eddy Ft.
' JSOO— 18 ROOMS: good furniture; rent $44; pays
i well; always full: going away. Box 1704, Call.
: LODGING-HOUSE of 16 rooms, nicely fur-
i nished. all full; cheap rent. Call 251 Third.
: CHEAPEST and tK-st in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
Vn>t«»d Ftatp* rr Cnr.ad« f.ne year for $1.
. SPIRITUALISM.
I MRS~Dn. FARNHAM. world-renowned spirit^
; ual medium: advice in all affairs of life, law-
¦ f-ults. divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
j mining a specialty; cirs. Sun.. Wed.. Frl. ev's.
! Come end be convinced. Permanently located.
I M3 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin: no sign.
: MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing se-
j ance Sunday eve. 130 Powell at. ; 50 cents.
C. Mayo-Steeip, 112Vi Oak st.. trance medium:
' readings tl: hours 1-5 p. m.; tel. Howard 527. |
¦ XI US. LESTER— Roadlnps, 50c: circle every eve. j
| rx. Eat.. 10c; devel. circle Wed. eve. 222 Turk. !
i MRS. GIIJ^INGIIAM-Hours. 9 to 4: meetings
Tu»5., Thur..Sun. ; devel. Fri. eve. 305 Larkin.
i EARLE. 305 Taylor st., corner Ellis— Slttincs
; daily; eeance Sunday. TuPsdnv and Thursday.
i MRS. WEST, w.onderful medium and- healer;
* rpp.dlnps daily. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
j MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium,
; life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
: MME. MAJORS, eifted tptritual medium.
! healer and card reader. 146 Eddy et.
.' FRIENDSHIP Hall. 33i McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
M«yer; Fitting^ dally: tests to all to-night: 10g.
CLAIRVOYANTS. %."
j MMK7H BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
i C'alrvnj-ant and Business Medium.
' Is permanently locatfd at 17 Third St., next
Examiner building. She reads your life cor-
I rectJy. rtves an accurate description of the
, pant, reveals the prewnv happenings and por-
trays events to occur in the future. If you
J are in trouble, discontented, unhappy or not
1 satisfied in life, or have domestic love or busl-
' ne«s troubles, consult this great medium and
i you will be told how to overcome them.
J Valuable advice In air affaire of (life.
j Full life reading by rosll; write for.lnforma-
j tion: 25e up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; 15 years' experience; her knowledge of the
unseen forces In invaluable to professional
and business men, to wives and lovers; follow
her advice and you will make no mistake.
| 1104 Market et.. corner Mason. .room 23.
j MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
L ket *t., corner of Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25
I and 26; take elevator. Perrect satisfaction
i guaranteed by mall; send etamp i"or pam-
; phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
' MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
i reader, born with double veil — secrnid »lffht;
diagnoses disease with life reading;-ladies 50c.
I gents II; palm, and clatr. sit. $1 £0. 126 Turk.
i 1EMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant anl
palmlrt. permanently located 1148 Market, op.
Clh: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to a p. m.
MME. LA HOSE. beEt clairvoyant, card reader;
free tects 25c up. 472 Stevenson St.. cor. Sixth.
MME. St. Elmo— Special this week. Jl readings
23c; palmistry, water readings. 844 Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past;
present.. fcture; 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 14. ,
MME. STCILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
bar.d> picture 23c; ladles. 914 O'FaireUst.
MRS. Melvill. well-known clairvoyant, water
r*-ad*r. U. 6th ;German spoken ; teL Howard 1S4S.
MRS.VALEEN, palmist, clairvoyant, card read-
' _ er and magnetic healer. 215 Leavenworth st.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
Ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.^
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant, business me-
dium; mining a specialty. 215 Kearny, r. 8-10.
MME. 8CHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
rittlnca dally. 44SH Jessie st. -.-. ~.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or nn pay; 55c 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names erven; :5c up. 6 Fourth st.
* EMPLOYMENT WAXTED—MALE.
INDUSTRIOUS German, ; - Gardener; . under-
¦ stands - care of : horses, buggies, cows, .vege-
tables, lawn, flowers;, in private family; very
ami willing: references; city or coun-
try. Box 1470. Call office. ,
GARDENER, first-clais, single, of iong experi-
ence In landscape gardening, growing of flow-
> ers. greenhouse' and orchard work, 'wishes a
-situation on a private place. Box 14S3, Call.,
TEMPERANCE young roan wishes situation;
understands eaie of horses and milk cows.
Box 14S3. Call office. ¦
YOUNG man with good education wants place
In fine family as private secretary, or to
sportsman ; good horseman. Eox 14S3. Call.
BY a first-class barber, a position-; will b-i
willing to work for small wajtea. Box 1304.
, Call. ... , '- .V;. : ,'-
WANTED— Position to learn to clerk In ¦ shoe
etore by country . young man-: of ' good habits.
Apply E. HENRY. 81S JCearny st. - ' ¦
PROSPECTOR wants grub stake; understands
placer and quartz. Address room 205, Win-
chester Hotel.. ' _ '
A CHINESE boy. very ¦ grood cook, with good
references, . wants position -with - family , In
city or country. Address box 1305. Call.
WAITER. German, experienced, .wants posi-
tion. $13 Mieelon Et. - .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions '
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore ft.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an.l
Fubscrlptions has been established at 1034
¦ Vwienota Ftr»«t. y - * ¦
FEATHER PILLOWS. '
HOTELS and 'private parties ' wishing - to havo
,. their feather pillow* cleaned and -renovated
. by the latest ranitary process may address
KFVTHKn Factory ;«t stev«»n«on wt.
FLATS^TO'LET. . .^
TO let— New Hats on Buchanan »t., -between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.; 6 and i
looms and bath: all the latest Improvements.
Apply Q. H. UMBSEN & CO- 14 Montgomery.
TO let — Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent 110. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st. . .
LRAVF.NWORTH. 1519*4 — 4 sunny rooms and
bath; hot and cold water; sas- ' '
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent $10: sunny; no children: -=
IF you want to move jret printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN' & HGWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN flat, 8 rooms, bath; good order. 112S
Howard St., near Seventh. • ' --..••
SACRAMEN'TO. 13C5— 2 bay-window, flats of -3
rooms; ga»; rents t!2 50 and %1. ° '' ¦ ' ¦ >
3 ROOMS and hall at 12'i Bruce place, off
Folsom st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
414— SUNNY flat. 5 large rooms; bath: pas:
. larne yard. 3t30 Nineteenth et., between Noe
and Sanchez. - «. . - - .-
PLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
NEWLY rurnlsh»d flat for rent or sale. 430
Eddy st. . • . - ¦ ~-
fuuxititre for sale.
rarTchaxce. —~~ —
Brand new and elegant furnishings of mod-
ern 7-room flat for sale at a bargain; sun all
day; centrally located: rent of flat $30; all
ensh not required If responsible. Inquire Gil-
bert & Moore Stor. Co., Murphy big. 1238 Mkt.
FURNISHED house of 11 rooms; on sunny side
of O'Farrell st.. between Mason and Taylor;
rent reasonable. Box 1370, Call ofllce.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak Hi 40. with No. /
range. King Furniture Co.. ll?7-113l Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. 6ee W. e. Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3363.
Auctioneer— UVlncent. 1305 Larkin: tel.Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
' pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 781.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission tt.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
DELP WANTED — FEMALE.
' 'M R^l^l7^r^AY~&~clSrrr?r'honT"Ma7n 1U7Z' '
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses. Salt Lake City, Utah, $20, fare
advanced; 13 waitresses, first-class Southern
California hotels; waitresses for Marysvllle,' j
Red Bluff, Stockton. Sacramento. $20 each: I
-4 waitresses, city hotels, $20; 3 chambermaids
"to wait, ?20; woman cook, ?30; few board-
ers ;
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirl. 2 In family, country. $30. see lady
here, fare paid; nurseglrl, 1 chiM, $35; cook.
' 125, and nurseglrl, $15. same place; second
girl, $20. and many others. MRS. M. E. DAY
& CO., 3S5 Geary st. .
AT C. R. HANSEN'S & CO. -Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 more chambermaids, Pasadena, $20; 4
more chambermaids, Del Coronado. $20; 10
waitresses, Los Angeles, J30; S waitresses, i
Pasadena, $20; half rate fare for all the
above places. C. R. : HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
WAITRESSES, aiarysvllle. $22 50. fare paid;
Stockton. Fresno. Redwood City. Arizona,
fare paid, Vacnville; 10 waitresses, city, S3);
5 chambermaids and to wait, $20....
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
Nurse, $25, across bay, see party here : 2
nurse(?lrls. $20, references: French nursegrirl.
$20, Hausallto, eee party here; woman for
plain sewing, $15. sleep home: 3 second girls;
housegirla and others. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
PRACTICAL Millinery School; established 12
yrs.: trade taught; class now forming; terms
easy; references given. 1107 Van Ness ave.
WOMAN solicitor 'to represent a reliable es-
tablished business in the cltv, Oakland ami
Alameda. Box 1701, Call office^ | , . •¦ ,
WOMAN to scrub floor in candy- store every
day. Apply between 9 and 12 at BLUM'S,
corner Polk and Butter sts.
WANTED— A young girl to watt at table in
restaurant; $15 per month; call early. • 13j
Tenth st. - - -
WANTED— Elderly lady tor gpneral house-
work; plain cooking; wages $20. Apply 1322
Shattuck ave.. East Berkeley.'- j
GIRL to do hair work. Apply- between 12 and !
MME. PHILLIPS. 120 Geary St.-
CHRISTIAN girl for general housework." Ap-
ply 2712 Folsom St.
WANTED — A female nurse to- care for sick
.Vlady. 310A Clementina St.. In rear.
ClRL for light housework. 481 Ninth st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework; no
Sunday work, f.12 Lombard st. ; good home.
ACTIVE young girl; $15. 619 -Larkin st.
SEWING machine operators wanted at Lev!
Etrauss ten's overall factory, S2V4 Fremont
Bt. Apply to MR. DAVIS.-. -'
OPERATORS on electric power: sewing' ma-
chines on • phirts and overalls at GREENE-
¦ .BAUM. -..WEIL ft MICHAEL'S. E31 Mission.
GITtLS WANTED... ......:..... .....t ?......
Experienced tobacco strippers. .. Apply WM.
LEWIS & CO... 24 California 6t.%
WANTED— An intelligent , woman about "'30
for high grade position; must have references.
Box 1407. Call office. .
PANTS finisher .wanted. 253',, Stevenson st.,'
between Third and Fourth. ; , ¦ . ..
GIRL for light houspwnrk; small family; good
home. Apply U34 Turk st. , >. '
WANTED— "roun^ girl for light housework. In
small family; apply morning. .2422. Bush st.
WANTED— Milliner; \ head trimmer: state, ex-
perience and salary expected. Box 1477.' ¦ Call.
EXPERIENCED bultdli-hole operators on
shirts. BRENNER.ULMAN CO.;; 19 .Battery;
OPERATORS on ladles',, underwear- to work"
in factory. 723 Marketfet.". room - 35. -.1 -' : - es
CLASSIFIED advertisements knd subscription*
received nt Call Branch office,' 52C0 Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
.subscriptions has been' established *' at 109«
Valencia^ st. r- -, ' :.'',.• ." .-'-V':*- *'.'-.?•* .vi •',*•''. •
HELP WANTED— MALE, r
A— MURRAY & REAIiY. 1 .. . . H^hone Main r,S4S
...Leading Employment and Labor -Agents..'.
........;...WANT.7 A. M. TO-DAY............
3 laborers. , city.-. . «v. . . . . ........ ,T. :. . ... $1 75 day
; "^3 dairymen .......¦;..'......• ........$25 to $35
4 orchard . oruners, f nre $1 50 .-."......-.-.......
f» farmers for orchard and vineyard.^. .....':»..
\ 2 plow teamsters.... 1 .... .........$26 and $30
buggy .'washer, $C0; stableman. $43: 4 strong
boys for factories V.".$4 > and - $6 'week
farmer and wife. .............. . . . .'. . ;. ..choreman
woodchoppers, Jl to $3 cord; tiemakers, tc to
12c
Waiter, commercial hotel '...;... :..$30
5 first and second cooks. ...... .......{40 and J35
: wallers, city .and country. ; . .dishwashers, etc'
. '¦ MURRAY & READY/ 634-636 Clay, St. t -
10 PICK - and . shovel ; men. $1 75: 10 teamsters.
•-. $1 75;;offlce open at W:f-O. • California. Exnploy-
,- ment Agency, ,C9 Third st. ;. s»*/«i
JOURNEYMAN BarbersMnternaUonal Union-
- Free employment ; only recognized union. ¦ 115
Turk; tel. Folgom 1583. ¦)-. I.- LESS,- Secretary, -r
"WANTED-Cashv boye, ; u -years Tof /age'-'and
over. 'i Apply • between 8 ; and ¦ W-a. m.,- HALE
¦BROS/. 979-987 Market -st. . ' ',. . :. - ;.,. :fi' .;¦.¦
TAILOR- wanted. 220 McAllister f St. ;: come
¦ ready .-for
';f r ~- . HELP 1 WASTED MALE.
X^wj^r^b^T^^,..^ ". 3.
TO GO TO-DAY .........STEADY WORK
S more laborers, sawmills and woods, railroad, j
$26 and;board; milker. Mendoclno County, »-S
, and found; farm, ami orchard, ?2Q and *Zj;
pastry cook, city,-. ?9' a week and Increase;
cook H ml wash his own dishes. ' country. $40.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st. |
WANTED— NIsht nurse for an institution, near j
city; no professional wanted,, but a man of
eorne little experience and of good disposition;
ealary W0 per month, board.- room and laun- i
•dry: no letters. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 :
Clay st. . I - ¦ .. " ; i
WANTED— Neat, Intelligent young man, 17 to
19 'years of age, llvlns with his parents, to
, make j himself useful about a wholesaio_ and
barkeeplng:; reference required; salary $28 to
. $S0 per month and increase; no Sunday work.
. W.'-D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st. .J "t
ATCB-iHAN'SEiN' & CO/S.. .Phone Grant 185
....: HOTEL DEPARTMENT. . ......
Marker and distributor, J4Q; starch Ironer,
$35; presser, $33 to $40, for . first-class hotel
laundry, country, half fare paid; German
waiter, country- hotel, J20. C. R. HANSEN*
. <t CO.. 104 Geary Bt. : +
A WOOD turner, non-union; a bright boy with
some knowledge of bookkeeping to learn a,
buslnpss. Apply by letter. Mechanics'
% Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny st.; no of lice
• f ee*. -
WANTED— Office boy (colored), over 18 years;
grammar,; school Errailuate: neat and active.
Address, twith references and full particulars,
to box 1322. Call orflce. .
BRIGHT.: boy, 13 to 17 years, to clean about
•Jewelry' store and run errands; must work
evenings until 9; wages $3 per week. Address
box 1323. Call office. •• . :
EXPERIENCED hotel runner, sober and hon-
est: must speak German and Scandinavian.*
Ahlborn House, 321 Grant ave. -
BARBER for Saturday. 664 Mission st.. down-
stairs.
BOY ""to learn grocery business; $3 per 1 * week
to commence. Eox 1707, Call office. _V;
STRONG boy to ' drive wagon and assist In
candy factor}'. 1525 Flllmore Bt. •
BOY wanted. FREYGAXQ-LEARY CO.. 113
Davla st.
DIPHWASHER Saturday and Sunday night.
1201 Flllmore St., corner Turk. |
DISHWASHER wanted at IPS Hayes st.
WANTED — Boy about 15 years of age in whole-
sale house. Box 1702, Call office. ~;- %
PLUMBER wanted. Apply between 7 and 10
a. m.. 533 Mission Et. i .
BOY about 15 to run errands and make hlmsslf
useful. 903 Larkin st.
WANTED— An experienced waiter; -wases $7
a week. 15C7 Market St., near Eleventh.
STRONG boy wanted at 151 ana 153 Beale Bt.
WANTED— Kecruits lor the Marine Corps. U.
S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men ot good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6. feet
1 Inch In height; able to read, write and
speak English. Fcr further Information ap-
ply nt the Marine Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis
St.. San Francisco. Cal. . . ,
CANVASSERS wanted for "Life %md Reign of
Queen Victoria," by the eminent historians.
Prof. Chas. Morris & Murat Halstead; nearly
C00 pgs: size 7x10; 100 richest illustrations;
greatest & best; tremendous seller; only SI 50;
big book; big commissions; credit given; j
freight paid; outfita frteJ The Dominion Co.,
. Dept. V, S34 Dearborn St.... Chicago. • "
GET- your shoes half-soled while waiting ; 25c
to EOc. Bf2 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PANTS and vest maker for country. Apply
REISS BROS. CO.. 24 Sutter at.
FOR sale — Barber shop, complete. , with fix-
tures; sacrifice; 160. 601 Canro, cor. ISth. ¦
MEN OR WOMEN
Paid Big Commissions
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
; PANY. 21 Spear st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special )
Inducements; catalogue free. MOLER'd
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St. j
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still !
runa Denver House. 217 Third St.: ISO largo ;
roqms: ISc per night; $1 to t2 per week. • :
BRIGHT men of godd address; money ad- j
vanced to right party. Call between 3 and i
9 a. m. Bt 202 Pest st. . ' ' ;
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. GC2 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d Kts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, ISc and
Me. - Boston House. 930 Howard st.
YOUNO man to do janitor work for his tuition
at S. F. barber school. 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard A Co.. old reliable
firm. SC6 Markrt. room 40. Phelan building.
SAILORS ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 16 Steuart. ;
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. Kc night: readlnK-rooms; fres^
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* ami
Fiit.&criptlor.s has been established at 1094
Valencia >t. ¦ ' ¦ -
HEMORRHOIDS
/NY case of Piles. Piles. Piles. Piles: over 200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alon«»; men who can be Interviewed;
no surgery, salves ct ointments; no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars a-riri. Physician, box 13.S0. Call.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for vale; also wagons,' bu<gles.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horr«e Market.
it! Blxlh »t. ; auction tales every 'Wednesday.
.SULLIVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers. • .
9. F. .VETERINARY College will commence Its
! 3d -session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast, sec., 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR salo- Double or single team horses; large
express wagon: also line cart. Apply a£ 410
Cortlf#id ave., war Mission St.
I-HDR «ate — Cheap, for want of use. pair young
rr.ubs. 4S4 Merrimac st.. Oakland; forenoons
'- or any time Sundays.
SECOND-HAND curtain cpera bus, bike, buggy
and phaeton. O'BRIEN'S, Golden Gate ave.
and Polk st. • . .
THKEE fast road (horses; also some < good
business horses, at 721 Howard st.
A— 100 SETS c;cond-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, gurreys. horses. 1U0 Folsoin.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
H camping wagon, for Bale cheap. B32 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 .pages, sent to nny* address .In the
TTnlted Ftntes or Cannila pii» v«*T fnr tl.- •
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SaUNNT corner; 6 rooms and bath, yard, etc.;
rent reasonable. Corner Twenty-sixth st. and
Ban Jose ave., bet. Valencia and. Guerrero.
HOUSE of 8 rooms; 'I lots; large - basement:
rent $14. Key corner Eighth, and Alabama/
HOWARD, 1105— Uprer part • house 5 sunny
.-. rooms, bath. yard. Key at barber, shop. -
J10— 4, SUNNY rooms. 615 Thirteenth St., near
Market. - ¦, . -, . .-_»'¦
.HOUSES TO LET — FPIK1SHED.'
WILL rent all or a portion of a sunny. • well-
I furnished house of 10 rooms: gas and a coal
' range; telephone; yard: stable. 614 Capp st.
' HOUSE CLBAXIXG. - _ *,
JAPANESE Hou*e. Cleaning Co.. es-tab. 18S0:
removed to 419 Dcvlsadero St., tel. Fell 138.-
" LOST AM) FOU.XD.,
LOST— Chamois bag containing 2 diamond
..rings ; and - a "• small . pair ! of > diamond screw
• earrings and a. stamp picture. ' Finder plea<?<»
return .to 'REV. MRS.- SI. S. LEVY. 135J
Post st. anil receive -liberal-reward. ,-.
LOST— A passbook-. nHth The Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society "of San Francisco In the
name of ' BARTLETT S. J1URU1SSEY. /No.
' 204-631. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A gold quarU : watch, charm, with gold
band. The flnder'wlll return to 516 Eddy st.;
. .--rewarcl {5.- •¦-• ... <* ' • ¦¦¦ *-.• -. • ¦
LOST— January 27, " blo^ cocker spaniel.- Bess.
Finder . please return , to 1617 Alcatraa''ave.,
I^prin, -Berkeley;? reward. ,;,V
LOST— A" pocketbook containing paper of value
; to owner , only; owner's name on purse. Re-
¦t ; turn to 25 New, Montgomery, at.; reward. ¦
LOST— A white spitz dog. -Return to 124S San
.-: Bruno; ave. r : near Tweaty-fourth st. ; reward.
GOLD watch & chain; Inscription "From Moth-
cr toMamle." Return 2702 ZOth; lib.' reward.
¦\Vanted^3Id icold for manufacturing. • O N'olt.»
; Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. : Powell and Maison!
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. -J.R. JENKEL. 817. Market st. • -
Aattuesses'! and pillows.
MATTRE^SET^A^D^plLliowS/^er^SmUh^T^
:¦•". made to order. = renovated; i honest work guar-
~ ¦ anteed; , feathers and hair cleansed; fins up-
«. holetery: expert carpet-cleaning ; and laying;.'
" HOPKE BROS, -i 818 and sa> Eleventh st.
V MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGB, bureau; estab. 1SS7; reliable & con-
, fldcntlal; lists, 10c. MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis st:
MEDICAL.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market, the well-
known ladles' specialists; 32 years' practice:
perfectly reliable: a positive cuje guaranteed
at orflce: Dadenta treated can return saino
day; those wishing to treat themselves should
send for the Hindoo Herb Treatment, a sure
cure; Rives Instant relief; perfectly harmless:
any one can use it: stamp for circular.
DR. G. KO'DOX.VELU moved to 1013 Market
opp. 5th; world-renowned ladles' specialist:
Fafe. reliable: practiced in San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successful ly
treatment can be used at home: consultation
free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. XOHL, S97 Market St.. cor. Sixth-
Safe and reliable ladies' physician; treatment
• J5: positive cure fruaranteed; when oth-rs fall
- ccisult free. DR. KOHL.
DP.S. GOODWIN. 1C074 Market, expert en dls-
eases-of women: 15 years' practice In S. F a
cure guaranteed: $5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of canes; unexcelled success; nee free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice; suaranteed treatment at
office. $5; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Pest St.. bet. Hyde and I^arktn.
MRS. DR. ALIiEN", 1035 Market— Ladies' spe-
j ciallst; safe and sure cure. $5; best care; low
"fees; when all others fall consult frw>.
DR. POPPER. MRS. DR. LA TOUR, ladles'
•specialists; new process; sure cure: no xned»-
: cire;every woman her own phyalcian. 32SK»arny
MRS. DR. GYVYER. ladies' specialist; hone
fnr patients. £04 Eddy et.
DR. NO TOT KEE cures disease by herbs;
ad\-Ic<* free. 704 3acram*nto *t.. r.ewr Kexmy.
MIXES AND 3II.VIXC.
LEARN' something this' week about Monteruma
copper; we'll give you Information. AMER-
ICAN GUARANTEE & TRUST CO., selling
f gents. 810 Safe Deposit building. <». F.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, •engines, !d-hand machinery. Mc-
JNTOSH/& VVOLPMAN, 1S5-197 Fremont si.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on haal;
• S3 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1313. 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for t5 down and
15 per month: write for catalogue and price.
EXCHANGE. 409 California
et. ; rentals, new machines. S3 per month.
A — BUYS, sells or rents c*ar machinery, en-
Bines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
A BEAITTIF"UL rosewood pearl inlaid guitar
and case for $15: cost In music store. fZ7.
UNCL.B HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
A— 20-TON - Howe waenn scale: compound
beam. Apply at il« California st.
MALE and female canary birls; also Harzer-
Rollers, at LOHMANN'S. 3163 Sixteenth st.
$5— SINGER sewing machine In good order. 1371
Market St.. near Twelfth.
ONE lathe Dow pump, pulleys and shafting
at a bargain.. 634 Mission st.
ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery st.. se.l
at low flirures all makes Id-hand typewriters.
FIRST-CLASS second-band modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. Co.
ID-HAND steam, gas, oil. -water and air ma-
chlnery bought and sold. -White. 616 Mission.
PORTAELE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; id-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
sold, exchanged. 103 Montgomery at.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAXN SAFE CO.; 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAOIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 1C9-1U Market st.. Ban Fran.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS paces, sent to any address in the
¦ United Ftate* rr Canada on* year for II.
3IISCKLLAXEOUS AVAXTS.
WANTED- Second-hand 40O feet of 2H-lnch
standard water pipe; palvanized or black
dipped. Addrtas J. H.. SS9 Fifth Et.
WANTED — Piano in exchange' for work or les-
sons in painting, shorthand, drawing, etc.
, Address R. M., Call office, Alameda.
A— KLEIN* pays best price for clothing, btic-a-
brae, old gold. l')9 Sixth at.: phone Jessie 141.
WANTED— 2nd-hand naphtha launch; 2 or 4 H.
P. A. J. Gustaveson, Berlin bldg., Tacoma.
LADIES' and Rents' cast-off clothing bought &
m-?l£. Sllvorman. 934 Folgom: t*I. Folwni mi.
BIOXE1TTO LOAX.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
aflcrd to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.- do
rot borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better oatlsfled; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 304 Market st.
AA — BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages 1
Interest in Estates
Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN' MURPHY. 630 Market.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18, 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORA-N & OLSKN.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. Id and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate la pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get ray terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. J.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances en diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
? et.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— fcOO.OCO ON clty,and country real estate an<i
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st-
LOWEST rates on* rurnlture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commlr^lon; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
• quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 63.
MON'EV loaned salaried people -without security.
HILL. nn. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on reaUestate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 2S2 Sansome. rm. 2.
LOANS, 1st or M mtgrs: city, country: 6%; undi-
vided lnts.: estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan.
•? THE TOUSLEY CO.. SCI Tarrott building.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market st, room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without i collateral or In-
- dorter. F. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
' MUSICAL _ IXSTUUMEXTS.
ANY perton having vse for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
E liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Prlv-
- Urge given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any time
within three yeanTvfrom date of purchase..
Beautiful new uprjghts cold for $6 cash and'
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $.1. tl and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
.. ner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St., Oak-
land. ¦ . - -. ' " •'
AT ag-hts" cost closed out Walla Walla ag'cy.
3 Stelnways $125, |1S6, $31*
1 Hallet & Davis ." 490
2 Chlckerlngs $163. J2S5
1 Novella «S
1 Heine 1 S92
.3 Hayne* (5-1 others).. ..'..... 233
We handle all makes; agents for some old-
¦ «-st: ami most famous pianos 'In existence.
¦ Our. new rent contract, rent or.buy. J«. $4. $4.
" Privilege to return or exchange at any time.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary «t.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest «nd largest hou-«
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 2«.
18 and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organs and
all other musical : Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer." .', ' ¦¦ . '
5 ORGANS, frrtm fiS to JCO.
3 eecond-hand pianos, from J.* to JH5.
-¦ 4 new uprights, from 1150 to J135. .,._,
-Guaranteed; e»?v payments. BENJAMIN
>€X T nTA7. ¦ & SON. 1S-1S-C0 O'Farr-H St.;
"ChickerinR agency. ' ¦
TOR full' particulars of the great piano sale
now roinc on at MAUVAIS* music stor? read
I the display advertisement In the Bulletin to-
¦¦- day- In the meantime go to the store, 76>
Market st.. -and see the beautiful assortment
, of pianos to-select from.
OX sale— St»inway upright. $1«S. 217^' Geary
"" st., h roora Zi. "-' ' - ~ ' "
FINE 3-r-edal upright piano; standard make;
r acrlflce : leaving city. 324 Golden Gate ave.
Hlf.H-GRADE pianos: Steck. " Hardman. Con-
over,.and others. Wiley B. Atlen . Co., 311 Post.
BAROAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
* SCHMITZ. , 16 McAllister i st.V next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY, new «rr»nd uorlcht cheap; brilliant.
powerful i tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister st.
A CLEARING out sal* of iplanoa In storage:
V; dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. : 1710 Market st.
BYRON MAUZT.- agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
ilauzy. Gab!er and Speilman planes. 303 Post
SPECI.VL SALE— Immense reductions: te« oar
leader, only <!50. BRTJEXX. »3 Post St.
S-PEDAL upright: nearly now: bargain: owmt
leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market st.. 4 elegant ujh
rights at your own price. Shonlnger ageacy.
BEST rent stock In city; new pianos. S3 p«r
month. ECOTT-CITRTAZ, 560 Hayes nt.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
ML'LLTTR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac*.
OFFICES A.\D STORES TO 3L E^
CORNER store— West corner Fourth and Perry
sts. : occupied an grocery and bar for pa»t
SO years: rent KO: water free-. Apply to O.
H. VMBSEN 1 * CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
OIL.
INVESTORS des>lrlnff to pnrchaso proven oil
land In 23S 2SE. Kern Rlrer District, sur-
rounded by flowing oil wells, can learn of &
snap If taken at once. For full particular*
rail room 2. 3d floor. Mills builjlnjr.
35CO SHARPS cf Occidental Oil Company of
West Vinslnla for saie; cheap. Inquire 4S!
Thirty-eighth St.. Oakland. Cal.
ANY Dart of SOCO acres of oil land, near Otl
City, for sale at SI 25 per acre. Address or
see G., 1413 Call bullilnsr. San Francisco.
JOSEPJI B. TOPUTZ. 330 Pin* street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS*" OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
KC0 ACRES oil land; 13 to JJOOO p«r acrt. W.
C. HAMILTON, i Flood building.
Oil. LAXDS FOR SAUL, .
KERN River: proven territory; Hnt e? R. R.
Newton. Camrn *¦ f!niD»»« r. M. Chr»rntcl<».
PAISTERS A>t» DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades; rooma papered. U
up. Jensen & Bath.308 Sixth st. ;op«n evtnln<r*.
PALMISTRY.
FREE class in scientific palmistry open* for
work Friday, Fe&. 1. at Chirolojlcat Colls**.
J09 Powell st.: students wlshins to begin will
recefve first lesson tree; terms reasonable.
n. JEROME FX>SSBa,LI. scienUflo palmist, 11$
Taylor st., bet. Geary and Post: teL Black 881.
PATENTS AXD PE.VSIOSS.
ADVICE free; no chars* unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner bl*.
PERSONALS. y
YOUNG man, 22 years rid, wishes to maks th»
acquaintance of young lady; object, matri-
mony. Box 1310. Call office.
TO .'Whom It May Ccncern— AH persons ar»
hereby notified that I will not be responsible
for any debts or obligations contracted b7
LORRAIXE W. DE LA MO.VTAXTA. other-
wise MRS. JAMES DE LA MONTA.VTA. tut
she has no right or authority to obtain (roods
cr contract debts on my credit.
JAMES DE LA MONTANTA. -
Paris. France. January ». 1901.
FRED MANN, magnetic therapeutist. S« Mc-
Allister— Head troubles, weak tyes. falltnj
sight, ear complaints cured: without medicine.
ELECTRIC light In every room— 'Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: TOO room*:
2Sc to }1 EO per night; $1 60 to J« per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FINE suits, |10: dress pants. $3 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 417 Montgomery st.
A— J3 50 DERBT and Fedora hats. H 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. S30 Kearny St.. near Fine.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, threa-quarter
or double. »2 J5. EASTERN OCTFITTtNO
CO.. 1310-1312 . Stockton st.. near Broad-way.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; H>
years' experience. J. B. RAT. 357 Jesst« st.
PRIVATE detective work; skillful investiga-
tor; low rates. Box 1338. Call of flee.
VJ1Y guess? Tcu are certain of stylo and fit by
uttns; Standard Patterns: February styles
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 1321 Market St.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed wlti»
electric needle. MISS EATON. 11» Suttir st
MASQUERADE costume*, play books. w1«:s;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTFrS French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDCMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair tn Its natural color: SI; at all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In th«
.United States or Canada on* year for n.
postage paid.
PHYSICIANS A3D SURGEOX3.
DR. C. C. O'DOXNELL— Office and r*«1dei»e«.
lfnS Market »t-. between Ktxth and 9»r*TttH.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR S.1LE.
THE choicest lots and north a' the Park not
far out, the Sacramento-st. Una passing In
front, the Geary and Sutter st cars on eaca
side; three lines of street railroads: desirable,
because they are easy to reach, with street
work all done and ready for building: gas.
water and electricity ready to turn on; of-
fered to cheap that It does not taks much
money to buy one. as the banks will lend
most of the purchase money and that shows
the value, or they can be paid for In easy
Installments of $5. W. J. GUJfN, 530 Call-
fcmla St.. between Montgomery and Kearny.
IK yon hav» property north of th» Park aa£
you -wish to sell quickly, then, call on XT. J.
GUNTN. 630 California st.
A RARE chance for laundry: no water bills:
must be sold: the owner going to Honolulu;
lot 23x114: 4 rooms, stable, horso and harness,
also business buggy. Call on W. H. DAVIS.
413 Twenty-ninth st.
MODERN houses built reasonable: plans furn.:
drop postal. Salsbury, builder. 1509 Broadway.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices; plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell, 1147 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Tn« Weekly
Call IS paces, sent to any address tn th»
United States or Canada on* year for Si.
postage paid.
REAL ESTATE — COU.VFRT— For Sale
A WELL-BUILT, modern.sunny bay-window
cottase. 4 rooms, bath and pantry, high bas«-
, ment. chlckan-house; lot 25x110; must s*tl;
' make offer. 33) Ninth are.. Richmond District.
It GRIFFIN. 713 Market, sells and exchanges
t.ty and country Tealty; printed lists; Sonoma.
Santa Clara. Shasta and other counties.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma, for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
A WEEK'S ne-ws for 5 cents— The "Weekly Call.
16 paxes. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
UEAI, ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
110 ACRES in Oregon, Improved farm, good
house and barn, near school and 3 miles from
market, to exchange for property In city or
suburb*. Address 411 Harrletst.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA9EDA REA1# ESTATE.
tiero—COMPLETE* new cottage of 6 room» to
o-der- lot 30x125; between the R. R.: one only
atthl. prtSL J. H. TOUXG. Builder. 124*
Park st. -; j '
SOCO— TO clos» an estate: fin* building corner
lot. 40x100; bet. railroads; 2 blocks Hl«!»
School: street work complete; bargain. Se«
owner. A. O. BURNS. 1501 Park st. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
LARGE "-room ' houas; patent water closet.'
pantry, bath; lot 40x100; all fenced: a good
place, high location.', clos* to local trains;
price S1300. $100 down, balance SIS per month.
Take Berkeley ¦ train, get off at Lorln. and
Inquire for RUDQLPH, PERKINS A LTON*.
COTTAUE of 5 rooms, bath, pantry, stationary
wash tubs, all modern, close to trains and
street cars; lot 33xl0tf*. price SI350. $100 down,
balance $13 per moi.th. RUDOLPH. PER-
KINS & LTON. Loriu station. Berkeley. .
XEW. 6- room, two-story, basement, bath: all
modern; electric fixtures: tinted walla; street-
work all done: right at R. R. station; this Is
a snap; must be sold at once; prtc* only $1700.
on your own term*; why pay rent when yon
can buy a fine house like this and pay for
same as rent? Take Berkeley train, get oft
Lortn station. OELLERICH A PERKINS.
¦FOR SALE— 9-room cottage near university; a.
bargain. Apply FERDINAND HOLTTTM. SIT
California or 2015 Steuart st. 8. B*ck*l*y.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATB.
FOR sale— Fine 7-room house; all modern Im-
provements; large orchard; corner. 225x144 1 on
electric car line.: convenient to local trains-
Inquire on premises. SK Fifty-eighth st. oor-
ner Shattnck are.. Oakland. '
OAKLAXD FCRXITPRC FOB ¦AX.E.
AN introduction to you from H. 8cnelU)aaa. that
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oaklaa<«_STOCK MARKET.
GRAND HOTEL.
J M Ryan, Victoria J McCudden, Vallejo
J H Pike. N Y Miss McCudden. Valjo
T P Boyd. San Rafael J L Dawps, Pittsburg
G ConlDgham, Cal W .1 Armstrong & w.
H T Welch, S Jose Cal .
J W Walker, L Prletos U A Stanford, Ariz.
P Suede, NY E Couther, Montana
P A SinsHeimcr, Berk F E Clark, Visalla
W Pike, Fresno J Woodward, Cal
L A Blasinsame.& w, S 8 Hall, Sacto
Fresno S A Loud, Cal ,v*
H W Johnson, Chgo W F Tomley, Sacto
Ml*s H Johnson, Chg-o Mrs M Oliver,- Petalum
L W Krohn. Cal Mrs A Smith, Petalum
J D Boyd, Marysvllle o 8 McKenile Napa
J H Hill, Portland C W Adams, Cal
W E Johnson. Denver XV M Tower, N Y.
C E Snedaker, • Helena O M Rohr. S Rosa
Mrs M de Font. Cal J Walker, Cal
J T Allen, Seattle C Dunphy, Cal •
L E Aubery, Los Ang J McMurry, Uklah
Dr J W Clark. & w, A H Evert. San Jose
Santa Rosa J M .Wilson. -Reno . .
J R Wllllatnv. Cal A L Cook. Indiana
K J Elliott, Salt Lake J J Williams, Indiana
C O Wellock. Fortuna E Richardson, L Gatos
J n Snook, Sacto nH A Wright, , Stocktn
J R Jones. Vacaville T K Willli, Lob Ang
VV F MagKard. Sacto Rev P a Jay, Boston '
Mrs F-F HlHom, Car Mrs L W Helntzelman,
Mrs J J Whitney, Cal iSacto . ;/
M E Wallace & w, A B Jackson,. Colusa ,
1. Hamilton," Can C C Corblere, , Reddlntc
:R Cahoon & w, S Lak A" A Nordyke, . Redng
PALACE HOTEL.
A. Foster, 8 Rafael A B Watson. Cal
H B Goodwin, Cal P Davis, Cal
W II H Hart. Cal. J M Ttobeledo- & w, Cal
\V Martin, Cat Dr R Flint & w, Cal
F W Grant. &.w,Chgo f J.Ryan & w, Chgo
S Li Clark, Chicago , Mrs Burke. Chgo -
¦ H ClBsot, Cal • F Cushlngr, Boston
W J Conncll. Seattle. P Weaver, ; Richelieu
Mm L K Hill, Aus- A Chuger, Pa
tralla C O Murphy, Cal ; "
T S Sharpure, Victoria W A Chapln, Sacto
B Wilson. Vancouver C P Morgan & w. Cal
W A Echwan & w. U J Whlley. Cal .
Vermont , OM Cottschall, Daytn
Mrs A H Taylor. Ky C C Klpeber & w. Chg
Miss L Taylor, Ky J B Walker Jr. N Y.
A Fleming & w. Cal , J D.Griason,"S Jose
W ' Flemtng. Pasadena P J Thomas, ' L Ang .
C A E "Mervllle & ,w, J L Houston, Missouri
NY • J Welnchester & w,
T F Kelleghan, N Y Colo
'PR McNamee. Nev G E Kanbls. Detroit .
M Schatleln. Nev P W Platt A w.MInn
T Consldlne, Nevada*. J B Read, ' Butte ' • '
O J Nichol. Nevada D> M Halbert, . Chgo '
D Land, Chicago B B Becker, Gftrraany
M Johnson, Chicago .: : .j .¦¦::_--
NEW WESTERN HOTEIl
J Hicks & w, III la Brewer, Nebr
A P Lugwell, Tacoma H C Arlston, Kebr*
L O Katto, BakersHeld C A Georffe. Nebr
O W Patterson. Seattle G Miller, Madera -
E L McCann.N Mex ¦ C B FlnberK. Madera
C G Allen, Newman B Stern,'. Bakersfleld ¦:
8 G Scott & w, 111 J E. Thompson, S Crua
J L Dyer, 111 S'Hure /; w.vMafes --
S *L- Dixon. Davis 3 E Hutchlna. Vallejo •
G S Crawford. Nebr , T Bums. Seattle -
XV P Bushnell,- Nebr W A Bjjllerfleld,' Tenn
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
Amelia E. Sherman and Elizabeth K. Dana
(owners) with Fennell Bros, (contractors), ar
chitects Havens & Toepke— Excavating:, brick
and concrete work, artificial granite, etc. for
a nve-story basement and attic frame build
ing on N line of Pacific avenue, 242:6 W of
Gough street. W 20 by N 114:6. W. A. 164: $2450.
Estate of Elizabeth A. Provlnes (owner) (by
R. R. Proving, executor) with M. V. Brady
(contractor), architect A. Pissls — Brick wall
to be placed under a three-story frame butld
lnp on NW line of Mission street, 312:4 NE of
Fifth NE 23 by NW 90, No. 846 Mission
etreet: $1280. . ¦» ¦
James Cox to Hannah Tucker, lot on S line
of Hayes street. 162:6 E of Octavla, E 25 by
q 120 • $9300.
MorVi?, Annie, Meyer and Sophie Lando to
Clara E Wall, lot on NE corner of Ellis and
Octavla 'streets. E 27:6 by N 87:6; $12,000.
Robert D. and Jennie Cranston to James
LouRh, lot on N line of Halght street, 82:6
W of Deviaadero, W 27:« by N 87:8; 13000.
Jennie Wafer to Henry P. Conradjf, lot on
fW line of 'Baker street. 123 -N of Page. N 25.
AV KO S 12:6, W S. S 12:6. E 103: $2500.
Henry P. and Therese Conrady to Emm* J.
Mathews. lot on E line of Clayton etreet, 37:6
S of Page. 8 23 by E 112:6; $6300.
David Joseph and Giuseppe Costa to Glu-
Pfppe Cuneo, lot on SE corner of Florida and
Twentieth streets. S 225, E 100. N 125. W 60.
N ICO. W SO; also all Interest in the estate of
Uosa Costa, deceased; $4C0O.
John J and Annie Wall to Charles Nauman.
lot on W line of Guerrero street. 160 N of
Twenty-flfth. N 25 by W IT.; $.^0.
James F. and Anna M. Forster to William
T and Millie Arundell, lot on S line of Twen
ty-third street. 21:6 B of Vlcksburg. E 24 by
I C Schaxtr. Peter J. or Peter Moeller to
Anna Moeller. lot on N line of Filbert street.
59:1V4 E of Hyda. E 44 by N 137:6; $1500. _
Frederich. Lizzie and Anna Mooller and Su
sie Spoo (vlfe of N.) to same, undivided 4-7
saroe; also all 1 interest In estate of John Moel
ler, deceased; $4000. , --, ' "_^
Elizabeth R. Thlelbar and Charles TV tilers
to Robert Adam,, lot on NE line- of Moss
street, 225 SE of Howard, SE 25 by NE 75;
Samuel F.' and Elizabeth F. Weeks to Robert
Adam, lot on NE corner of Twenty-fifth <JoU»
and Mississippi streets, N 100 by E 100; $2000.
John Delia Monica, to Julia Delia Monica,
lot on NE corner of California street and
Eleventh avenue-. E 32:6 by N 100; Ktft.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Alice Morgan, lot
on E line of Tenth avenue, 223- N of H street.
N 23 by E 120; $2000. ¦ :
Thomas Paterson to Thomas Ross. lot on 8
line of Sunset avenue. 30.15 E of Byflela
Tract, S 103.26. E 29.79,' N 103.94. W J0.15,
block H, Sunset Heights;' gift. ,. . .: ;
; ;. r V i Builders' Contracts.
REAL ESTATE TELAHSAX7I1ONB.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co PCo 5S.105 — .Oak Water 5s. — 102^i
Cal-st Cab 5s..ll6 — Oceanic SS 5s. — 109
C C Water 5s. .106 "- Om C Ry 6s. ..128 —
Ed L & P 6s. -.131 135 Pae G Ira? 4s. 100 —
F & Cl Ry 6s..lH^4 — P t Cl Ry 6s.lO5 —
Geary-st It 5s. — — P & O R R 6s. — — '
H C & S 5Vs«.10S',i — Powrll-st R 6.120',i —
Do 5s ,104%— Sac E GAR Gs. — 99',4
L. A R 5s...'...112%113 S F & PJV 5s. 120 —
L A L Co 6g.. — — S R of Cal 6s. 110 —
Do cntd 6s.. \- 1M SPR of A 6s.U0»4Ul-
DO 5s....;.... — — SPCC3 (1905,
L, A P R R Ss.lOlH — Series A)....— Ill .
Market Cab 6s. 126 — Do Series B).1U —
Do 1st M 5».122 — Do (19C6) 113 —
NCNORTj.- m% Do (1912) 122 —
N R of Cal Ga.112 — - SPR 1st g 6s. 107 10S&
Do 5s.::: — 121 s p k p. c 6«.i3iu _^
N P C.R R 6S.10U4 — S 'V Water Ga.ll4=i —
.Do . Ss.. ...... .1C8 — Do 4s 103 —
N Cal Ry Sa...llOHlllV3 Do 3d mtfr...lC2 — i
O G L & H 5s. 11044 — Stktn Gas 6S..103--
Oak Tran 6s-..113%115 ' - -
„ ; WATER STOCKS. .
Contra Costa.. 63 69 [Spring yalley. 92»i 92&
Marln County.. 52Vi —I
GAS AND F.LECTRIC STOCKS. ' "
Cent L & P Co" 2% 4 |Pac L Co/...._42»4 *i%
Equit G L Co. 3 3U 3ac E G&R Co. — 37^
Mutual ElCo. 7»/i 7»6 1 S F G & E..V. 47U4S
O G L & H.... — 50ii[San Francisco. 4H 4V4
Pac Gaa Imp.. 44 — j Stktn G & E.. — • 14
.INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund.230. i- |
• BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 77 — Lon P A A-...143 —
Bank of Cal.. .410 — Merchants' Ejc 16 —
Cal S & D T... 105^107 S F Nat Bk..,I20 125
First Nationl.. — 312»£ | :¦*. . •
¦ SAVINGS BANKS. "
Ger S & L.... — 1850 Sav & L So.... — —
Hum S & L... — — Bee Sav Bk...'.275 —
Mut Sav Bk.. 50- — ¦ Union T Co.... — —
S F Sav U....510 — ' .-¦ -.. '¦ K
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California .....135 — O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-st 47V4 — Presidio \- 20
Market-st ..... 68%. 69 :-
POWDER. STOCKS. "
Calif orhia ..::. 150 — 'Vlgorlt ; ... — 2«4
Giant Con CO.. 82% &^' ' •
; - • • > .SUGAR STOCKS. . •
-Hana'S'P Co. ¦ 9U "SH.Kllauea S Co, 21U 21H
Haw C&SCo- iVM Makawell S Co 41% —
Honokaa S Co. 30?4 31^ i Onomea S Co. 28 —
Hutch S P Co. 26% — (Paauhau S Co. Z2\i —
• "MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. . .
Al Pack Assn. 126 j 127 Oceanic SS Co.l02*il03V4
Cal Fruit A»n. — 106 Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac Bor Co...:l55 —
Mer Ex Asn... S>5 — Par Paint Co.. 12H —
• V- - . . Mornltffc Session.
Board—
60 California Wine Association.- 100 00
F.n Equitable Gas ...........: 3 00
25 Giant Powder Con... tz 00
15 Hana Plantation Co, cash 9 25
110 Hana Plantation Co 9 25
SO Hana Plantation" Co......... 9 12\i
2b Honokaa Sugar Co 81 CO
25 Honokaa Sugur Co., 30 874
30 Hutchlnson 8 P C» 2« 75 •
150 Paauhau 8 P.Co."........ 82 12V4
15 Pacific Gas Imp, cash .., 44 00
40 S F Oas & Electrlo Co.. ....47 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 87H
10 8 F Gas & Electrlo Co................ 47 12|,
25 S V Oas & Electrlo Co................ 47 25
Street— .• • • •¦ > W-. ¦ , ¦ ••- ¦ -
$7000 Hawaiian C 4 8 Co 8»..... .V.104 87^4
$2000 Northern Cal Railway 6s 110 75
. ;-/<-'••! : Afternoon Besiloa. • -
Board— ' . : • ¦ , ; ¦
100 Hana Plantation Co... ...V. » 25
11000 Hawaiian C & S Co 6s. ............. .101 37H
5 Makawell Sugar Co..... 41 87'n
10 Mutual Elcctrio Lljht 750
10 Mutual Electrlo Light 7 25
1 35 Oceanic Steamship Co.. ;....'....1O3 00
10 Paauhau S P Co......'. :.......- 32 12^4
25 S F Gas & Electric- Co... ......;...... 47 25
10 8 F Gas & Electric Co...........;.... 47 50
3 Spring ' Valley Water ................... 92 12^4
25-Vltrorit ......:. .2 50 .
5 Bank of California........ '...410(0
PRODUCER'S OIL .EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
¦". • ' Board— : , ' .
(0 Continental 100
100 El Doradi ........ .;......... .2 15.
100 El Dorado ............ ..........'..;. 2 23
600 Four Oil Co ....'..' "...:.".; - 5ff ¦
1 Hanford 123 CO
, 150 Home Oil:....'.....;. ...;........ 4 15
200 Independence 20
1000 Independence 19-
TOO Junction.'. .................:..... g3
100 Kern Oil CO U 75
1000 Lion Oil Co; a to.. ...................... 29 .
100 Lion Oil Co ............................ 21
300 Monarch of Arizona .....;....... 86
1000 Monarch of Arizona.. 85
"200 Monarch' of . Ariiona., b «O. ........... '87
. 60 Peerless r.. ......;..; 8 62.%
1700 Petroleum Center -?2S
600 Reed Crude Oil Co.......:............ 69
. 60 Royal v .."... '..: '. ' 40
10 San Francisco & McKittrlck 1 SO
, EO West Shore ..:;.;. ....."..¦..... :."..*.... 4 65
'- Afternoon Session. . ,
' ¦"'.' Board— ?r*> rv *1J>2sKsH8B8WlHfiiH
800 BearFlar. b«0......~.'."^ 47
.100 Black. Jack 1 15
100 caribou i,.v...t;/.....;:;.:.. ;..:......v. :77 ••
600 Four OH Co ;.T...~'.."...'..V. ."...-....... 66
CO Home Oil .............................. 4 20
660 Independence. :.....!. ...... 19
soo junction j......;.... .."........; — ' -87
600 Junction ........ ..;....'."....;.... 85
100 Junction' ..:...:... 86
" 400 Lion OH Co ..:............:...... 22
ICO Monarch of 'Arizona .................: 85
300 Monarch of Arizona. .................. 84
•200 Occidental of W,Va.... ................. ;68
25 Oil City Petroleum S5 60
:50 Pecrlese ;..v.;......:.......".. .'.... :8 75
50 Peerless'"..:....... .......:.......... 8 50
, 500 Reed -Crudo Oil Co - t» ...
600 Yukon . ...„;. ,v.. ......^..........^.... W. 67 ¦¦}
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Hid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
is quar coup..ll.i>>114H: Ms do cp fnew).137 1 il37*i
is do reg 113ViU4',»;:s do coup 110 111
FRIDAY, Feb. 1—2 p. m.
There was a fair business on the morning
session of the Bond Exchange. Gas and Elec
tric was lower at $46 S7>4@47 25 and Honokaa
declined to $30 87^. There was not much
change in' th afternoon.
The oil stocks on the morning session were
quieter than for some time, there being no es
pecially active stock. Prices stood about as
before. • . ...„..-
The following were ex-dlvldend yesterday:
Central Point Oil, 2c; San Francisco Gas and
Electric, 33c; Oceanic Steamship, 50c; Honokaa,
30c; Sacramento Electric, Gas and Railway, 15c.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Murderer Ends His Life.
TRUCKEE, Feb.. 1.— John Isham. the
Indian, who brutaJIy. murdered his* wife
here Tuesday morning, hanged himself In
his cell yesterday with strips * torn
from his ,; blankets. . Isham's preliminary
hearing took , place before- Justice Fin
negan. The evidence of .his - guilt was
concluslve ( > yet 'he listened with stoical
indifference, saying nothing./ When court
adjourned at 3 o'clock he was returned to
jail. On being -offered- rood he' remarked
that this would- be his last meal: ,Im*
mediately after.' the jailer's departure he
tore hisiblankcts into strips and fastening
a noose around his neck tied the other
end to the upper bars of his cell. He
raised his feet from the . floor, and slowly
strangled to death.; ' . -
Two Years in Folsom.
SAN JOSE, Feb.,: L— William';: Brown,
who; was recently" convicted: of^^^attempt
lngr-a-jailbreak, was- sentenced'to two
years In Folsom; Prison by Judge Lorlgan
this morning-.. Noah /Waselewskl,: who was
in '¦ the v plot .;.. with Brown, Is • 8erving a
Blmllar. sentence. . : The latter, . after, serv
ing a sentence In the County Jail, smug
gled saws and files In to Browne and when
the . officers ; learned of the ¦ proposed * Jail
break Brown had. one bar, of his cell near-,
ly ¦ sawed in two. "w It ¦ is said that besides
gaining ; their . freedom, ' the " prisoners- ¦ had
contemplated ,-' the ,r murder - of . Jailer
Dreischmeyer:'' ¦ '
WASHINGTON, Feb. l.-Postmasters
commissioned: California— George G. Tay
lor, Mountain View. •
Oregon— Edward M. Froebe, Biglow.
Pensions issued to-day: California—Or
lEinal—Jacob-R. Smith, Millwood, J6.> Ad
ditional — John Dorsh, Los Gatos, $10;
Carlos Moreau, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $12. Restoration and additional-
Henry C. Douglas (dead), L.os Angeles, J!5.
Restoration and reissue— Edmund Mar
shall, Coronado, $.8. -.;. Increase — William
Jennings, San Francisco, $10; Foster B.
Bryant. Soldiers' Home, Los Angelea, $3;
l^evl Wilson, Whittler, $8; Yglno Garnlca,
Mllpltas, $8. OriRinal widow— Rose De
vine, San Francisco, $S. War with Spain-
Original— Patrick O'Brien, San Francisco,
JS: Frank S. Cutler, San Francisco, $30;
Michael P. Shea; San Francisco, $6; Al
bert Hichlin, Colusa; $12.
Oregon: Increase — Solomon Keffer, Hol
land. J8.
Washington: Original— Jacob B. Van
natter, Silverton, $8. Additional—Ben
jamin F. H. I^uce; Seattle. $12. •
Army orders— Captain Harry . D. Hum
phrey, Twentieth . Infantry, upon expira
tion of his sick leave, wiU report in per
son to the' commandlnsr . officer at tha
United States General Hospital, Presidio
San Francisco, for treatment. Second
Lieutenant Elmer. B. Gabell, Thirty-fifth
Infantry, now. at the hospital, Presidio,
will proceed to Hot Springs, Arkansas, for
treatment In the Army and Navy General
Hospital.' ,: ¦ -. '
Representative • Loud to-morrow will
present President McKInley the hand
somely engrossed . parchment invltatio l
from the Mayor of San Jose to visit that
city rfext May. ¦ ¦ •
Nelson- Vaughn Recount.
WOODLAND, Feb. l.—The- recount; of
the votes in all the precincts' in the
Fourth Supervisorial District in the Nel
son-Vaughn' contest was completed yes
terday. When- the recount .of the
last precinct commenced Vaughn had
a -net gain of 4 votes, which guv© him
a plurality of, 8 vote3. In "West Woodland
Nelson made a net gain of 10 votes, which
gave him a plurality of 2 votes. Vaughn's
attorneys: are making. an effort ,to,over
come this by • an attempt to show .. that
certain voters registered In one precinct
voted , in another. The, question, involved
Is whether a voter can be disfranchised
by an error of the registering officer. The
presiding : Judge. Angellottl of ~" Marln
County, Is a Republican. Vaughn is a
Republican and Nelson a Democrat. Tho
vote as canvassed by the election officers
gave Vaughn a plurality of 4 votes. The
court rejected -276 votes — about one-fourth
of the total cast. Neither side is satisfied
with the rullngSfOf the court and it is
probable that an appeal "will be taken, no
matter who wins.
Postmasters Commissioned, Pensions
Granted and Army Orders.
INTERESTS THE. COAST.
Are Presented With.
Sheepskins. •
SAN JOSE, Feb. 1.— The spring gradua
tion exercises took place at the San Jose
State Normal School this raornlng', when
twenty-seven' young teachers were
granted diplomas. Friends and relatives
of the graduates filled the Assembly Hall,
which was handsomely decorated with
flowers and potted plants. A tine musical
programme was presented. Benjamin ide
Wheeler delivered an address on "Educa
tion and the Profession of ¦ Teaching."
The rest of the exercises were: Duet, Mls3
Jessie C. Gregory and Mabel Arques; In
vocation, Rev. J. P.- ¦McKittrlck; solo,
"The Quest." Miss Elizabeth Blasdel;
barytone solo, Daniel M. Word; overture,
the D'Ablaing Orchestra. Professor M. E.
Dalley, the president of. the school, pre
sented the diplomas and delivered an ad
dress to the graduates. Gertrude Me-
Closkey, the president of the graduating
clasp, presented the school with a picture
of the class. "The Stars and Stripes"
closed the programme.
The graduates are: Gertrude McCloskey,
Emma Foley, Belle Enos, Bertha Corn
forth, Helen Carroll, Arthur Smith, Mae
E. Hamilton, Adelaide . R. Mulrooney,
Edne G. Everett, Elizabeth H. Parrell,
Margaret T. Murray, J. Florence Shields,
Walter F. Schau, Ella T. Rahlll, Ida S.
Baaing, Leonard Stevens, Sarah L. de
Haven, Jean .Laurlston, Florence Dlxon,
Nellie Cassidyi Ethelind Bonney, Mary W.
Williams, May Adams, . Margaret Me-
Namara, Addy, Llghtbody, Laura Bailey,
Mnud Mclntyre. ... ¦-..- . . .
This evening the graduates tendered
the school, a reception. at the St. James
Hotel. .A musical programme, refresh
ments and a dance were the features.
Twenty-Seven Prospective Teachers
GRADUATE* FROM SAN
JOSE NORMAL SCHOOL
FRIDAY, Feb.- 1—4 p. m.
. Bid. Ask.; '• Bid. Ask.
Alpha C3 04 'Justice .......... 07 08
Alta 03, e5iKentuck 01 02
Andes 07 C3:Lady Wash — 02
Belcher OS (KHMexican 27 29
Best & Belcher 27 29; Occidental 06 07
Bullion 02 04 Ophlr 80 €6
Caledonia 66 63jOverraan 14 15
Challenge Con. 17 18;Potosi 08 10
Chollar 11 ISSavage 16 13
Confidence 70 75 [Scorpion ....... — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 65'Seg Belcher.... 01 03
Con Imperial... 01 02; Sierra Nevada. 18 19
Con New York. - 02 'Silver Hill 44 «
Crown Point... 13 14;St LouU — 10
Eureka C,on 06 — (Standard 4 00 —
Exchequer — 02 '; Syndicate — 1"J
Gould & Curry. .37 S3 Union Con 25 Zt>
Hale & Nor.... 18 20, Utah 07 C3
Julia .......:... — 03 'Yellow Jacket.. 1» 16
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MINING STOCKS. ,
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornihg Session.
100 Andes C8 &C0 Con Cal & V*..l M
300 Best & Belcher 28 7C0 Mexlca* 28
.200 Challenge Con. 16 600 Ophlr *•»
2C0 Chollar 11
Afternoon Session.
10O Andes fl8 i 100 Sliver Hill 4S
10 Best & BelchM- 2S 200 Union Con 27
2CO Challenge Coi». 18! 1100 Utah 08
200 Mexican 29 4C0 Yellow Jacket.. 15
" 10O Ophlr 67 -:
Th« following were the sales In the San Fran-
Stock Board yesterday:
» Morning ' Session.
200 Best & Belcher 21 300 Ophir 6*
800 Con Cal & Va..l «0 120© Ophlr 63
100 Confidence 75 500 Overman lo
300 Mexican 29 SOO Seg Belcher.... €2
300 Ophlr 63 200 Yellow Jacket.. 15
Afternoon Session.
600 Belcher 08 200 Mexican ....... »
WO.Best &. Belcher SS 300 Mexican 27
300 Chollar ......... 11 200 Mexican 2S
300 Chollar 12 200 Ophlr 67
4C0 C C & Va....l 62k 1W Yellow Jacket.. 13
80« C C A Va lfl ; > ;
CLOSING QUOTATIONS./
FRIDAY, Feb." 1—3:30 #.. m.
Mr. Allen says that the prices at pres
ent are a little low, -but that is to be ex
pected at this season. •¦ 7
{"California lemons are fast supplanting
the foreign fruit," said he, ."and It will
not be long before the lemons of this
State will control the entire Eastern mar
ket. We have already gone so far East
ward that the foreign lemon seldom
reaches as far "V\fest as Omaha, and lt
will not be many years before they will
disappear <from St. Louis and Chicago.
This is the first year that pur fruit has
gone Into the big markets of the far East
and the better appearance of the Califor
nia product, ¦ together with the fact that
our lemon carries a much larger per cent
of juice than' does the Imported fruit, is
going to establish, our lemons wherever
they are put. ¦•¦'-.
"There is no longer that prejudice In
the big Eastern markets of New York
and Boston against the California product
that there was. It is the fine looking.
Juicy fruit which Is winning the country
for us. I feel certain that a few years
more will give us the full control of the
market, because of the superiority of our
goods. There is a population of practi
cally 100,000,000 to supply, and the fear of
overproduction is. foolish. • We will harve
a market for all that the trees can carry."
SAN DIEGO, Feb. 1.— In :, an, interview
regarding the Eastern market, for Cali
fornia lemons R. C. . Allen, one of .the
prominent growers of this , county, said
the California product Would soon /stop
the foreign lemon from coming Into* the
American market. ; Mr. Allen has just re
turned from a six weeks', trip through the
East. ¦ " ¦¦•;¦¦.': .' ' '¦• • -;V^T^
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fast Supplanting . Imported Fruit
And Soon Will Control the
Entire American '
. Market.
California Product Gaining
in Popularity at
the East.
FOREIGN LEMONS
NOT IN DEMAND
Almonds, per lb..l5®20 Limes, per doz....lO@15
Apples 4@ a Lemons, doz 15#25
Bananas, doz 10@20 Raisins, per lb....— @—
Oranges, dcz 15@a0- Walnuts, per lb..l5@20
Vegetables^ — ' ,
Asparagus, per lb.25©33 Peppers, gr, lb 25® —
Artichokes, doz..75c@?l Potatoes, per lb.. 2frf—
Beets, doz lOCtf— Rhubarb, per lb.- — ®15
Beans, white, lb-.15@20 Sweet Potatoes.lb 8«—
Colored, per lb..l0W — Parsnips, per dz..l0.<ff-r
Dried Lima, lb.: 6@ 8 Radlshes.dE bchs.15^2)
Cabbage, each ... 5&— Sage, doz bnchs..25@30
Cauliflowers, ea... 5®— Strirrg -Beans, lb..20®!S
Celery,* head 6@— Summnr Squash,
Cress, doz bnchs.lEi320 per lb... 15(g!0
Cucumbers, pr dz..»2 00 Sprouts, per lb.... S r n —
Egg Plant, lb.....2O®2S Spinach, per Ib.i. 6<y>—
Green Peas, lb.'.. 10^15 Thyme, per lb....25«30
Lettuce, per doz. .15020 Turnips, per doz. .104?—
Onions, per lb 3@ 4 Tomatoes, per lb.20@—
Okra, dried, lb — ©25.
F.Sh— - /,",:;"
Barracuda — ©— Shrimps S#10
Carp V. S01O Shad 8ftlO
Codfish 12013 Sea Bass -^ilS
Flounders 10012 Smelts 255*--
Hallbut 10©15 Soles 10@—
Herring 12^<i2 — Skates, each 8@1I
Kingflsh J@r- Tomcod — <&l2\i
Mackerel .' 13® — Clams, gallon G0<5 —
Do. Horse 12»4@— Do. hardshell, lb 8<eiO
Perch 10^12 Crabs, each ....12H®*-
Pompino .&0@— Do, 8Oftshell.dz.4O0—
Rockflsh' 12H0-- Mussels, quart..".. 5©10
Salmon, fresh ....IS492O Oysters. Cal. lC0..40iff50
Do, smoked I5@4O Do. Eastern, dz.25tf40
COMMERCIAL NEWS
¦ Y\Ccntinued From Page Ten.
during the week.' Game stands about the same.*
Meats are still scarce..
Vegetables continue in fair supply for mid
winter,- and prices show little change. There
is; no soarcity In any kind of fruit"except fine
Apples, which are In light supply this winter. *
Ccal. per ton— ~' '¦
Cannel .....|—@12 OOISouthfleld
Wellington. —©11 00 Wellington —«U CO
Seattle ;...... 9 00© ——JCoos Bay © 60
Dairy Produce, etc. — .^
Butter, choice, •sq4O<SJ5O Common Eggs....25'gr7
Do, good,.....;.. 30@35 Ranch Eggs, per
Pickled ...-»... 30#33 dozen 30@-
Tub, per lb.......2a®— Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal 15@K pound ...15@20
Cheese, Eastern.. 17i&iO Do, extracted...10®12
Cheese, Swiss.....20#35
Meats, per lb— ¦ v? -¦, "
Bacon .....: ..15<81S Round Steak .....10@12
Beef, choice 15@20 Sirloin Steak 15®—
Do.: good —®12 Porterhouse do ..*.20<8 i —
Corned Beef 10<g:i2 Smoked Beef —®13
Ham 12@15 Pork, salt ........12S15
Lard '...*..:.-013 Pork Chops ...:...15@18
Mutton 12015 Pork Sausages.*JV,S20
Lan* ..... ;...15@25 Veal 12©15
Pork, fresh 15©—. ; , "'. : •
Poultry and Game— • .,.;.. "-j
Hens, each ...: 50&GO Doves, per doz $1@—
Young Roosters, Quail, per dz.$1.75@"2 CO
. each ...'. 50®65 Bngllsh Snipe, per
Old Roosters, ea..50@— dozen $3 00@—
Fryers, each ;....6C@60 Jack Snipe-.....?1 75@2
JBrollers, each 40@60 Mallard. palr....75c«f$l
Turkeys/ per lb..l7©2J Canvasback 75c@Jl
Ducks, «ach ..60@90 Sprig ; 60075
Geese, each...»l 50@l'i5 Teal 40@50
Pigeons, pair 40@50" Widgeon ....¦ 40@50
Rabbits, pair 40® —Small Duck 30©40
Hare, each ...—©20 Wild Geese, pair.—@50
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 19O1.
13
STOCKS.
Bid.
I Asked.
American Fuel & Oil Co......
Bear Fla« ...." *...:
Black Jack
California-Standard
Caribou '.
California. Oil A Gas
Central Point .' '. -
Continental
Century
El -Dorado .:
Four Oil CO
Hantprd
Hanford-Kresna-Kern River....
Hpme Oil Co .'.
Homestake ;
Independence
Junction .r
Kern .
Kern River _
Ldcn Oil Co
Los Angeles O. & T. Co
McKlttrlck Consolidated
Monarch of Arizona
McKittrtck
Monte Crlsto
Occidental of West Virginia....
Oil City Petroleum ;.
Petroleum Center
Producers & Consumers..
Plttsbur* •
Peerless
Queen Esther ....................
Reed Crndft
Rex
Royal '..... ...¦
San Francisco & McKlttrlck...
San Joaquln O.& D. Co
Sterling O. & D. Co
Superior
Senator *....
Twenty-eight • *••••
Thirty-three Oil Co.. .....
West Lake
West Shore :....
Wolverine
Yukon ;......
24
1 45
3;
75
ISO.
23
to
33
77
.-
•
2 90
1 CO
60
2 25
57
*M-.*
33
4 15
13
83
17 00
23
3 SO
15
84
2 40
130 00
S3
4 20
10 25
20
88
11 T5
IS 00
24
400
19
85
33
2 4TH
6S
35 75
24
13 SO
45
8 75
so
"0
¦ 75
60
SCO
35 60
S3
40
8 62H
63
1(0
13 37tf
3 35
3 40
30
2 30
2 27tf
13 50
23
4 75
1 70
S3
3 00
2 23%
13 50
23
4 60
1 63
£6 !
STOCKS.
Bid.
I Asked.
American Fuel & Oil Co......
Bear Fla« ...." *...:
Black Jack
California-Standard
Caribou '.
California. Oil A Gas
Central Point .' '. -
Continental
Century
El -Dorado .:
Four Oil CO
Hantprd
Hanford-Kresna-Kern River....
Hpme Oil Co .'.
Homestake ;
Independence
Junction .r
Kern .
Kern River _
Ldcn Oil Co
Los Angeles O. & T. Co
McKlttrlck Consolidated
Monarch of Arizona
McKittrtck
Monte Crlsto
Occidental of West Virginia....
Oil City Petroleum ;.
Petroleum Center
Producers & Consumers..
Plttsbur* •
Peerless
Queen Esther ....................
Reed Crndft
Rex
Royal '..... ...¦
San Francisco & McKlttrlck...
San Joaquln O.& D. Co
Sterling O. & D. Co
Superior
Senator *....
Twenty-eight • *••••
Thirty-three Oil Co.. .....
West Lake
West Shore :....
Wolverine
Yukon ;......
24
1 45
3;
75
ISO.
23
to
33
77
.-
•
2 90
1 CO
60
2 25
57
*M-.*
33
4 15
13
83
17 00
23
3 SO
15
84
2 40
130 00
S3
4 20
10 25
20
88
11 T5
IS 00
24
400
19
85
33
2 4TH
6S
35 75
24
13 SO
45
8 75
so
"0
¦ 75
60
SCO
35 60
S3
40
8 62H
63
1(0
13 37tf
3 35
3 40
30
2 30
2 27tf
13 50
23
4 75
1 70
S3
3 00
2 23%
13 50
23
4 60
1 63
£6 !
TURK. €13— 2 cunriy furnished room* for hou»«-
keering.
VAN NES-S. 706 — S nicely furn. sunny rooms
for housekeeping ; all modern conveniences.
CLAESIFED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Plllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubacriptiens hei been established at 10X
Valencia et
McALLIBTER, WOO. ccr. Central ave.-3 tunny
rooms furnished complete for housekeeping. $8.
OAK." 119—2 tunny rooms furnished for heavy
housekeeping, ill; also single room. $9.
OUTAVIA, 140$, cor. Geary-Large, sunny bay-
window; also single room; with kitchen. '
•;N»=- 1436. cor. Polk— liousekeepinc rooms:
also slnyla rooms, neatly furnished.
POV.T.LL. Sill*-: or more partly furnished
housekeeping rooma. J7 to $12; also parlor.
LARKIN. PS*_Large back bedroom and kitch-
en. furnished. Ill; double rooms., furn., J6.
LARKIN, 7C6— Sunny furnished front room and
kitchen; rent 115.
PROPOSALS for clothing and equlpaee. Depot
Quartermaster' s offioe, 36 New Montgomery
et., San Francisco, Cal., February 2, 1901.—
Sealed propels, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this offlce until 11 o'clock a. m.,
Friday, February $. isoi. Pacific standard
time, and then opened, ror furnishing Nan-
keen Drawers. Nankeen Shirts, Carbonized
Paper* Napthallne and Flax
Twine. Preference will be Klvea to articles of
domestic production and manufacu*>e. condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (in-
cluding in the price of foreign production
and manufacture the duty thereon), and rjch
preference will be given to articles of Amer-
ican production and .manufacture produced
on the Pacific . Coast, to the extent of the
consumption required by the public service
there. The United States reserves the right
to accept or reject r.ny or* all proposals or
any part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals will be'
indorsed "Propc*als No. *35." and addressed
to Major OSCAK F. LONG, •Quartermaster,
U. P. Vols.. Depct Quartermaster. .
PROPOSALS.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
KKKIXB Van snd Storage Co.. 722 Mission st,t
tel Main is*?: *t rut rates.
PIEr.CE-RODOLTH Etcrage'and'Morin^Co^
of gee. Post and Powell B ts. ¦ te!. Main ST14.
Fare, Saa Francisco to Summit and return.
$140.
KEW TAVERN OP TAMALPAIS NOW OPttN.
Ticket offlo«s. «31 Market St.. San«allto Ferry.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Francisco, via Saosailto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS....»:15 a. m.; 1:41 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 and 1:15 p. m.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
G2O IIEAR.M ST. Katsbltehed
In 1*3-1 for tbe treatment of 1'rlvnta
Dheaxes, Lmt Munuoud. Debility or
1i*oas» wearln sf oi> body and mind and
skin Diabases. Tb« Doctor cor e»wli«>n
otbars fall. Try him. Charges low.
<'«rr« lunrunlffd. Cnl I or writ*.
Dr. J. F. G1BBOX, baa Fnuidsco, CaL
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.:
(Euccersor toFlanhairan & Gallagher.) '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL D1HEXTTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth «.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephony South- SO. ¦ ¦
notified that cr.ly such stock as has beer?
regularly transferred upon the bocks cf the
corporation will be honored by the Stanley
¦ Aerial Xavisstton Company.
; . . , CHAB. NEWMAN. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS and the public are berebji
LEGAL AUVERTISE31K\TS.
OJVTDEUD NotJee— Dividend No. IU <flfty
cents per ehare) cf the Oceanic Bteamsnip
• Company., will be payable at the ofOce of
the company, 227 Market et.. on and 'after
Friday. February 1, XW5L Transfer books win
close on ttturday. January 2*. 1901. at 12
o'clock m. K. H. PHELDOS, Secretary.
Vki ScusaUt* F«rry-
: Commencing September 80. 1900. '
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
rKU . AND >SAN RAFAEL.
. WEEKDAYS-** *9:15. 11:00 a. m., n:43.
SIS 400 6:15, •«:».• «:40 p. m. - .
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Vall«y and Ban
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesday* *d4 gat-
urdays at «:00 and 11:35 p. m. ...
8UNDATS-'S:00, «10:00. 11:30 a. m.. Ins.
I-1S *4'4S <:30. 9:00 p. m.
'Train* marked (•) run to San Quentta.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO 8 AN FRANCISCO.
i .WEEK DAY8-£:20. .HM. 7:45, >:J0 a. m^
•3:30.4:30. 5:20 p. m. . ™"
- EXTRA TRIPS ¦ on Mondays, Wednesdays
-ndBaturdayo at «:« and 10:M p. n £ M "» a *7»
- BUNDAT8-<:20. •8:00,10:00. 11;« i. ,
1-V>. *2:15. <:<*, •6:10 p. ra. . •
; Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
.WEEK DATS-f:45, «:45. ; 1:63.. J: M itm'
11:85, J:10, 8: J8, 4:64. 1:20 p,m.- .
3. EXTRA TRIPS; on Monday*. Wednesday.
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 Pw m. -TT* ,
- 8UNDATS— 8:06.-10:05 a.;m.MJ:03. t-.is, S.jo
6:00. C:«5 p. m. . *V
e ,*-.- THROUGH TRAINS.
J 6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. - : ' ¦-¦¦:¦,•:¦ > .v -.- ¦ - ¦ ,
' 1:45 p. m. Saturday*— Tomales and war
station*. - --•-' --¦¦ • .....
1 8:00 a. ra. Sundays— Tomales and way
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
DIVIDEND Notice.— Calif oral* Wine A**o-
«rlatloa.— Dividend ICo. IS of sixty cent* p«r
efcare nae "been declared, and is payable en
una after Monday. February 11, 13OL at tfc*
Union Trust Company cf Ban Francisco
Etock took* will close on Tuesday. February
f.. 1^1, at 3 o'clock p. ra.'. up to which data
transfers cf istock may be made at the Union
Trust Ccmpany. By order of the Board of
. Directors.
HENRY. VAN BEHGEN, Secretary.
pmPEVD No""- Th* Giant Powder Cotn-
; pany. Con. A -dividend. No. IC. of Soventy-
five Ont« rT5c> r«r share on tho issued carfl-
tal etock of the company haa been oVclarvd.
t^ysblf at <ne office of tne company 430
• Oa.lifr.rnia *t-. Ran FVanclnco. on February
Jl. 1S01. Transfer books clo«e February 4
IML at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Pecrcury. '
CALIFORNIA NOBTB VESTHH 1L Ca
SAfl FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of MarW.«» SL
finn Frstnciaco to Smn Rafael.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT . OF MARKET 8T.
WEEK DAYS-?:*). $:00, 11:00 a. m.: UJS. tOO.
5:10. 1:20 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip at U:W
p. m. Saturdays— Extra . trlpa at I'M aad
ETJNDATS^S:00. 9:30. U:0O a. m.; l:S0, t:»k 5: f A
<:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:50. 1:20. 11:10 a. m-l 12:0.
1:40. 8:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra- trip* at 1:5a
and 1:35 p. m. ¦'
SUNDAYS— 8:10. J:40. 11:10 a- m.: 1:40. >:«•, IM.
t *2S p. vn
Between San Francisco and Scnoatsea Park.
*am» schedule m* aborq.
L*av« I In Effect I A»t1t«
San Francisco. | Nor. 7. 1900. I Baa Frmaetoe*.
W«ek I Sub- J I ****• I £**
Daya. \ dayi. | DesttaAtloa. ( toy*. I P»y»-
7:30 am 8:00 am Novata. 10:40 am 1:40 am
tJ0;m »:30asa P*taluma, f :05 pm 10:g ana
B:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Ro*a. I'M pm «^» pm
' ' I Fulton,
1^0 us Windsor. • ; MaD us
Healdsburs.
Lyttoa. . .
Oeyierrtfl*.
140 pm 8:00 am Clortrdala. TJ8 pm I:M pa
1-M amj g >nd op pkl>lu I 1M ppj <;a pg,
7M»m i '. 10: » am
8:00 ta Guernrrlll*. 7:15 pm
t:M pm i-.ttym
7:10 am 8:00 am Sonoma 1:19 am S:4»atn
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Qltn Ellea 1:05 pm 1:23 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 am] 110:40 amllO.25 an
. 1:30 pm| S:00 pm| Scbaatopol. I 7:15 pm| 8:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rcsa for Mark W*at
Sprlcxs and Whits Sulphur Springs; at Fu'.ton
tor AHruria: at Lsrtton for Lytton. Springs ; at
O«yservlU» for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdals
tor the Geysere; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Sprints. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Sprinjrs; at Uklah for Vichy fprinsrs. Sarats*.*
Springs. Blu« Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Eprinxs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day**. Rr»er»lde. Lderley**. BackneU'a,
ganhcdrln H*l(hta. HuIlTlUe. Orr's Hot Springs,
Mendoclno City. Fort Brass. Weatport. UsaL
Wllletts, Laytonvllle. Cummin jrs. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olscns. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at r*-
fiuced rate*. .
Oa Sundays. - round-trip tickets to all points
beyond Pan Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlce. 630 Market «L. Chron!cl» bull J-
In*- - •¦--• R- X. RTAN. •
H. C. WHITINO.'- Gea. Fas*. Agt.
Gen. Manager.
piyioBxn xotices.
KoflCE or tto<irrx)Mtr»M inteltag^Ly m&al
met ting of the etockhoJdcrs of the Honolulu
ft"!?* , C ?JT PaJ ;5 ls calIPd fc «- "<! "-UI be
KJ V " 2*. 2 rtire <* the company. Ko. 327
' "^i:* SJU1 Fr * nr '-8co. Cal.. on MON-
DAY February IS. ISOI. at ii;30 o' clerk a.
' "?;; t l 5* r ? rj>o ** of P rlnp; a prc» p; >-
¦<tlon to dirso'.ve the conwration aad to con-
sider «uch other bu.in« 8 M may r^,m^ be-
fore the meeting. By order of the President
E. H. SHELDON. '
_L ; ; Secretary Honolulu Suisar Company.
Dated San FYanciitco. February 2. 1301.
GREAT BJUKOAXKS IN TTPEWnTTEIia^We
»en better machines for less mr.ney than any
house in the rity : rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchs.nr<\ r3« California: telephone Main 2C«.
TELEPHOVES, hocse pr private' lfneo J« 50 a
_ t e t : >l«-rtr!ral wnrlc Installed. IS38 Pt. Lobon.
TELKPHO\ES.
rOUniTT. HU, rented, n-pair^d; n»<>dl»»« and
rh-itr1^«: reiin-^a raton. 14? fith : rih^n* Mint 5.
ALL kind;: bouR-bt. sold. rent<tJ. ?ichanp^d re-
rfLirfi: crwn ««.: ph^Ti* Flack 1124. 205 - 4th.
AIJj kintfs hourht. *ol<i an1 repairing ruaran-
teed. Charts Plambck. ISIS Wltirion. nr. Uth
Sn\VI\O MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
r-^AP fpnar.T? pjertrd f<~r J4: crsMertloris madf;
ritr oc cxrantry. PACIFIC COLLECTION' CO.,
4H Mnntrctron- rt.. rorrns 9-10: tel. C'.tfl.
,fiv>.t(* TO loan n 1st mf-rt pages; will loan en
fO per ctnt; aeft renmrnts: mutual plan.
Apr!} M. J.. r.ox HT6. Call effire.
SPHCIAt. NOTICES.
:t«ge r-?M
CHEATFFT F.r.fl be-t"!n America— Tk« Weekly
Call. \t, rfiCf. to any address In the
Untt*4 Ftste* cr Canada one year for XI,
ROOMS ana beard; prices reasonably 415
First rt. .
t'OtttJOBM OATE htc. 1204— Sunny rul»e par-
• Icrs; sJ^ore room: with cr without board.
EUBOAXTUt & newly furtished sunny apart-
mPTits with cr without beard; cul&lne ur»ex-
<»:i<-8. ll??'-4 Broadway, cor. 11th «t.. Oalt-
taaO. top f.oor; MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
ROOMS 'AXD DOARD.
AT th» eld Stevenson n:anr!on. opp. CJrace
Cbvrrh. with annex tC! California «t.. may
be tmn6 a mopt •"xceptlonally good table, at-
tra"TiV«> -rfl eirhtly tochis at mod»st rates.
CnT.Arr.ZT and best In A rr.er ioa— The Weekly
n rj\, ]6 T>e.ges, sent to any address in the
T" T .; - fj1 Ptarrs or Canada one year, for $T,
P'-ir*?-* mid. •
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisement* and
rel-^rirticnm has been established at 1036
Va'.r.cia.st.
CLAF?:~ED advertisements or.a rubfcriptions
- noetttA at Call br&rch office. 2200 Fillmore.
V\1LLTA>r. H. off O'Farrell. near Jones— Nlw,
furn ,*\.*<1 front room; pas; bath.
TURK. e:3— Jxir.n:rnlEh«l rooms; tl5.
¦;lx;K. 72S — Sunny front -room, fS.
TAYLTt, 1*16. near Jackson— Thr^e nicely fur-
nithed funny rooms and bath with g-.Tod view
of the bay; 10 minutes* walk from business
center; to e^ntlemen only; ref. required.
TAYLOR. €11 < Norwood*— Rooms en suite and
e'r.gMe: phone; hot and cold water; tunny.
ET'TTnR. 717— Very rlioice room. Including
bath, elegant house. IS. -
tl'TTER. S^T'Vj — Chengrd hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms, $S; suites, 112 to iZ"> mo.
EKCU1IAN Apartments House, Ci Eiphth at.,
rear Market— Furnished cr unfurnished.
¦SiOFKDAUC House. 319-221 Ell's st Room-
right. J5c to Jl; w»ek. $1 25 to J4; open night.
P.CYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light-
-reaeir-r-room, smoking-room and ladlea' par-
lor; rooms, per nirht. 35c to Jl 60; •week. 12 to
*£; month. $< to $30: elevator oa ground floor;
rooms with hct arid cold water; baths.
PERKY, J74— A nice large room, suitable for
two: reasonable.-
O'FARRELL. :0-Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: e'.evator; elec. lights; day. wk.. mo.
TCINTH. ISQi-i— Nice rooms of all kinds; single
*nd double front room for housekeeping and
frcnt parlor: see- them.
N77VTLV renovated; nicely furnished; quiet
house; rooms from tl to J7 week. 21 Grant av.
Jv'EWLY furnished rooms, with a etrictly pri-
vate family; gentlemen only: gas, water,
rhone; near City Hall, on Van Ness ave.
Box 1507. Call office.
AKLBORN HOTEL, jn Grant av«.— Best dollar
a day family hotel la city; polite attendance;
large rooms; modern con\ - eniences* room* We
tjp; firtt^clrss meal* lie; fre« coach.
NETW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market et.— Nicely
fumlehed rooms. J2 a -week up; 35c a day up.
MCALLISTER. KIS— Sunny small front room 1
furnished cr unfurnished; use parlor; piano.
1»AS PALMA9. 1510 Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
rmt; private; bath; eln. nnt; board optional.
HOWARD. 922. near Fifth— Newly furnished
«ucny rms.; gas grate; 15 up; priv. family.
GP.OVE. ittVt— Nice eunny eulte of rooms; also
einele room.
CTFrlfndK and - acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), • at J:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 318 Harriet street, thence to S:.
Rose's Church for pervices at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MacMULLEN— In this city. February 1. 1901
James, beloved hui<band of Eliza MacMullen)
and father of Samuel ; W.. James. ¦ Thomas
John H.. Elizabeth E.. William. Martha and
Robert O. SfacMullen. ag-ed 74 years. •
tyxotlce of funeral hereafter. ,
MACDONAL.I>-In this dtv. January. 80, 1901.
Alexander Davidson Macdonald, beloved hus-
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funrral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the First
Unitarian Church, corner 'Geary and Frank-
lin streets. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlor* of Bunker &
Lunt. 2CCG Mission Etreet (Mission Masonic
Temple).
JONES— In this city, February 1. 1801, Ger-
trude. Infant and beloved daughter of Joseph
E. and Mamie E. Jones, a native of Hop-
land. Mendoclno County, Cal., aged 1 year 4
months and 12 days.
KARR-In this city, February 1. 1901, Delia,
• beloved wife of the late John Karr, daugh-
ter of Mr. and Mr». AV. A. L!ghthalU an<l
ulster of Mrs. M. Hlldreth, George D. and
William LlKhthall. Mrs. Walton, Mrs. Strick-
land end Mrs. Coats, a native of .Michigan,
aped 19 year* 7 months and ¦ 21 ' day*. ' •
and acquaintances are reepect-
fuHy Invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2251 MlFSion str**t. thence by funeral
car from corner ElKhtwnm and . Guerrero
streets at 2:30 o'clock. Interment Cypress
1/awn Cemetery. . '
KUMAKICHI-In the City and County Hospi-
tal. February 1. 1901, Ikl KumaklchI, a na-
tive of Japan, aged 26 years.
LAWLESS— In this city. January ' SO. isoi
Margaret, beloved wife of • the late James
Lawless, and' mother of "John. William and
Kittle Lawless, a native of County Galway,
Ireland, aged 67 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 21 Morris avenue, thence to First
¦United Presbyterian Church, corner Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street, where ser-
vices will be held, commencing at 2 o'clock.
Interment Mason'.c Cemetery,
HICKEY— In the City and County Hospital,
January 31. 19C1. Michael Hickey, a native of
Ireland, aged 3S years.
HUSTON— In thi* city. February 1, 1901, Ar-
thur, beloved husband of Jessie Huston, a
native of England, aged 27 years 2 months
JUT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi- 4
dence. IZ3B Perry street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
FINNICAN— In Pcrtland. Or., • January 26,
1901. Jamrs" P. Finnican, beloved husband of
Elirab<th J. Finnican, a native of New York,
as^d 56 years.
GLEXXIE— In this city, February 1, 1801i
Georre M. S. Glennie, beloved son of Jane
Waters', and brother of John V. . and Justitla
Glennle and Hartley Vv'atera, a native' of
Aberdeen, " Scotland, aged 31 years months
and IS days. I . '
CvTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Kunday). at 10 p'clock. from-hi» late resi-
dence, *1617 Clay street, thence to Th'ird and
Towrsend rtrtets, by 11:30 o'clock train. In-
terment • Cypress Lawn Cametery.
GItAHAM— In thl» city. January SO. 1901, Jo-
eeph Graham, beloved husband of Margaret
Graham, and father of Matthew Graham, a
native of Armagh, Ireland, aged CO years. A
member of Pacific Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. F.,
and-Oolden Gate Camp No. 64. W. of the W.
£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
*<Jence. 216 Randolph etreet. Ocean View. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ERNST— In this city, January 31. 1901, Charles
Alexander Ernst, dearly beloved husband of
Minnie Ernet, pon-in-law of Mr. and Mrs.
John Moller, and brother-in-law of Dora.
Marie and I»ui?.- Moller. a native of Reval,
Kus.-:?.. aged 35 years 2 months and 5 days.
C^ Funeral from his late residence. 943
McAllister street, this day (Saturday), at
1 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, ty carrlace.
DE MARTINI— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. January SU 1S01. J- -de Martini, a native
of New York. aged. 25 years.
EASTWOOD— In this city, January 31, 1901,
Herbert) dearly beloved husband of Emma
Eastwood, father cf Arthur. Emma and Eva
Eastwood, and grandfather of Clara an I
Minnie Eastwood, a native of" England, aged
C3 years 3 months and 12 days, j (English
papers please copy.)
C?"Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
to-morrow (Sunday). a.t 1:30 o'clock, from
• the residence of his parents. 3421 Mission
t-trm. corner of Lizzie, Interment Holy
Oro?* Cemetery.
COI>LIN"j*— In the City and County Hospital,
February U l^Jl. Katherine Collins, a native
cf Ireland, aged 57 years.
DKBNEY— In this city, January 29. 1901, Cap-
tain Gerard U^bney. beloved husband of Jane
E. Debney, and brother of Mrs. Horace
Newell, a native of Essex, Enclami. aged
C3 years and 6 months. (San Dlepo and Se-
attle rarers plrase cony.)
[T->*i "rier.ils and acquaintances are respact-
fully Invited to' attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late reai-
. dence, 3226 Twenty-fifth street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, -where services will be held
at 1:39 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CEREGHIXO-In this city, February 1, 1301,
Luici. dearly beloved Bonof Carlo and Glo-
vanna Cerechino. and brother of <51useppn
$nd Savlna Cereghino. a native of San Vln-
cenzo <!i Favale, Italy, aged 20 years and 6
menths.
C7Notice of funeral hereafter.
BREXXAN'-In this city, January SI. 1901,
John T.. beloved son of Michael T. and the
lat«- Joanna Brennan, and brother of Wil-
liam T. and Emmet Brennan, Mrs. Thomas
E. Curran and the late Mrs. Mary E. Schlam,
a native of Kan Francisco, aged 20 years and
27 daj-E.
AXIXTEIt— In this crty. February 1. 1901,
Hazel Kay Anixter. dearly beloved daughter
of Harry and Bessie Anixter, and sister ct
Herold Anixter. a native of San. Francisco,
aged 1 month and 3 days.
BKANNIN— In Sonora, Tuolumne Countj% Feb-
ruary 1, 19»l, Hattie Emily Brannin, daugh-
ter of Jemima an<l the late William Erannin.
and Fister of Charles, John, Klamif, Grace
ajid Willie Brannin. a native of San I^orenzo,
aged IS years 1 month and 3 days.
. DIED.
Anixter. Hazel R. Mara. John II.
Brannin. Hattie E. May, Mary A.
Brennan, John T. Meiogll, yincenza
Cereghino, Lu'.cl Menses. Alexander
Collins. Katherine Moe. Martin S.
Uebney. Cam. G. Myers, Frances J.
D« Martini. J. O'Connor. Michael
Eastwood. Herbert Peters, Delia M.
Ernst, Charles A. Purnell. MinnU McC.
Finnican. James P. Roach. Katie M.
Glennle. Gea. M. S. Scott, Sarah S.
Graham, Jo*er>h Somerset, Thomas
Hickey. Michael Spoerer. Augusta P.
Huston, Arthur TylleEon, Conradine
Joneg, Gertrude Vanucci, Emile O.
Karr, Delia Wagner. Nellie M.
Kumakichl. Ikl Wallace. C C.
J.awli;j. Marcaret Walfh. Michael
McCarthy, Justin F. AVardlaw. William
McMullen, James Watsen, Thomas
Macdonald. A. D.
CRAND SOtTHElLV. eoutheast corner Seventh
and Mission ets. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladiea' parlcr; reading-room; elevator.
OOUGH. 1611— A laxs* nicely furnished front
room, Trjth hot and cold water; very con-
venient far two Kentleroen.
tl WEEK; larpe sunny funilfhed room, closet,
ttath; prirate; call by 8 p. m. E3» Folsom.
MARRIED. <
BOND— MAXEY— In this city. February 1. 1901,
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. TVlUOn, George
Bond and Annie iluxey, both of Half moon
1EART.<O5 <The Navarre)— Elepantly furclghfil
nr.s; suites or eingle; travelers accommodated.
MsraiBi p»t'inu coariiTi
. trAoina iinn.)
TrshH If •»• ni"l »rt tin* !• arrive ••
HAN ntANCIICO.
- PUln Line, Foot of Market Street) V
4 &bayb — From Jaitcaxt L 1301. — aim
7i39a BenlcU. SuiauD, Ebaln. VmbtQ]*,
Kcmuej »ud Hicraiuento Tt43r
TiSOa DmTia, Woodland. KnlgtiU Landing,
¦ MarytTilie. Orotllle. TM»*
T«80* AUantio Kxprew-Ogdao tad But I*tl3»
8:OOa M vttnez, Sau Ramon. Vallejo. Nap*.
¦ CalUMns and S*nt« Rot* SilSr
8:00a JSTuei, Utertnoia. Tr»cy. Lathxon
Stockton • Til3r
•:SOa Shut* V xpress— DatIlWUUuu (to>
Banlett SDrinp). Willow* Bed
Bluff. Portland;. f i43f
•t**ASan Jom, la^ermore. Btooktoo. .
. loua. RAerauaanto. Fl»c»r»Ul«,
MirjltnieTchlco, U»d Bluff «i|1r
itSOi OakdWs, Chinese, 8onor». Cwten... 4« 1 8r
Uioo* HiTwtrd*. NiltiindWiySUUoni. IIiISa
ViOOaIxm AbbsUw IIUpraM — Mmta.
Trmaj7l*W>">P. »to«klon. Meront
Vre*no and LoaAoselas. ......... J»J?*
9i3«A Vallejii. M»rtln<rt »ud W»f Sutloa* BitSf
1 0:00* The OterUndLimited-Ojdon, Dm.
T«r, Omaha. Ohlet«o •>43»
II.OOa NUea, Stockton. Ha«nm»nto, Mat»
dot*, rxcaaow Uaabird. Vluila,
ForUirtlU. «H8*
lliOO* LWeraiOTfl. Ssocer, Goshen Jim*
tlon. B»kerideld. Lcs Angale« ._^_
? I-OOr K»er»m>-iiU> IMi«r Sl«»nier». ........ f3l«QA
a!««r Hiyw»rd^ HUe. and W«, Stattaui. OH»f
4iOarMarUnes. Bmn Kaaon. ValtoK ...
N»n», f«li»*oja, "ijmU Rom tllSA
*ioor n -nlcU. Winter*. Saenuntpt*
VVouillsnd, KulghU Landiuf,
M»ry«»ill». OrOTlll* "•**••
| 4i3OrHayw^ds. Mileasud SanJcwa...... }•»«»*
8:00r NIIm, IiTenaore, 8toelttoa Lo4l ... 10»«3a
•5j00r Buo»et limited. Ea Tuo, N«» <-
Orleans and Ea«t. «1»«15*
3:OOrThn O*l Umlted-ZTner. hetno,
Bakknfleld. Bangna for Santa Bar- •
Kar*. Ix» Amrolea... .............. ftlSk
0:OOrNew Orleant Expre«i-B»kan(l«ld,
BanU n»rb«ra, I.c« Ansclea. Dam.
Inc. El 1'uo, New Oriaaua and
f,,t Tl«!lA
8:OOpn»T"»r<3», NlleiandSao Joaa .I'i**
f8:00r Vallejo -•• 11HS*
•«••* Oriental Mall-Ojdea. Che7«m».
Omaha, Cfaioa^ i iatl3#
OtOttr Orlaotal MalW Ogdea, DaaT«r. ¦
Omaha, Chlo%« «|13»
TtOOf Oregon aad California ISxr^n.^ao.
. rameutn. Maryifllla. Itadillug.
P,,rtl»n.l, Pugat Hound and Ra>t S>4Sa
¦i*3pSaa Pablo, Port Costa. Mutlnej
and Way SUUona 'i'l'**
XStQgf Vallajo Irtir
COAST I»I?ISM>N (Harrow (.Saiga).
¦ -'•¦ (Toot o( Uarkat 3tr»e>.)
v" SiltA Ne<rark.C/VnterTllle,.SaoJofO.P«lton,
' BOttlderCreek.SanUOiiixandWay
gtaUoni -..• •«••»
t*ilBv NawBtk. Oantanrllla. flan Jom Maw
Almaden. Felton, It mil tier Creak.
8anta Ctus aad l'rlncipal Waf
SUlloiw •• 1 ?.?*
4i1Sp Newark. Smn Jot«. Lo* Gatoa 8i»o*
a9:3ttp HanUfm' Eiraraion. San Joaa and
" WayBtatioca TZtrnwr-
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtatil FSIIB1SC0— Hit it Mwitl JUwMSiiil)—
tT.lo 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:00 J:CO 5:15pm.
From Oakland— Foot of Broadway.— 1 8 IS T*:06
10:C0a-m. 12:00 »:00 4:00p.m.
COAST IMTISIO^ (Broad G»«««).
. - (I hlr.l Mid Town— «m! 3U.)
4w>IOa Ocean View. South Bun #'raaci*oo.. 1»iil»r
7itt»A 8an Jo«« a.»l Way SUUont (Now
Ahiraden Wednawlaji only) 1»»O»
•<«*A Man. Joaa. Trea Plnoa. H«i»» Cwn,
Taoina Cro»e. l*a»o Koblea, San
I.iU« Oliiapp, Hnrf Ixmipoo aad
Prlnalpal War Station* VlT'
inil** 8an Jom and Way Htatlona. Z'Si
Iliao* B*a Joaeaud Wa» SUtlone ..."••• ••»«»"
4St4»r San Mateo, Kedwood, Menlo Park.
Palo A 1 to, San U Clara, 8a» Joaa.
Ties Pino*. Hauta Crni. Sallnaa.
Monterey aud Paolfle Gro»a
fatB«rSaa Joaa and Way Station* ........ '**?'
HjlSr San Joaoaud Principal WajStatlon* »U»a
t3:«O*3an Joa«, Lo* Gato* and Principal .
1 Way Station* «• «• """a
Stsnr Ban Joaa and Principal Way Station* « l 22*
•:.1»p 8aa Joaa and Wa» Station* " .V
qlli45f San JeaaandWay Sutlon* »»•>
AforMorolTig. P '°* f i^SS^Uta
tHnnrtaTaK-eptad. v™, tftaa4»tmB.
a Mondays. Wednesday*. Fridays.
< TurrdiT*. Thursday*, Sondaja.
a Saturday only - ... — . „.
FOURTH. 149— New furnished sunny rooms,
• from S5 up to J12 per month.
ELEMKTU, :$<^i— fur.r.r furnlehed room.
Vith bath; very reasonable.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
COOPER— In this city. February 1. 1301. to the
wife -of V.'llllam Cooper, a. son.
BUSH, E3D (The EllO-Char^ped hands; nicely
furn. sur.ny rms., tingle, en suite, newly reno-
vatf d : all ecsven. Mr*. K. M. Ilamsey, prop.
BURSrnTT. i;2C Market (old Xo. 1364)— Fur-
' nlshod rms., euitei>. Fingle; also unfurnished.
A— 3rn."NSVTICK House, 14« 61xth— Rooms 25c
to tl per r.ls. K -t; II 25 to $5 per week, and light
fccuwkeeplnp; open all night.
noOMS TO l.n r — rnn. and tJnfnra.
MARRIAGE UCJ£N r S.£S.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:, ,
Levl E. Hlnekley, 48. €14 Filbert street, and
Berridlna Overmohle, 28, 1900 Stockton etreet.
Charles W. Gibson. 24, 2S02 Greenwich Etreet,
and Elvera C Hilton. 21. 815 Howard street. •
Jacob Levy, SO, 106$ Howard street, and Flor-
ence Sehatr, 13, 4S2 Tehama street.
Geonte Bond, 3S, Halfnioon Bay, and Anna
Msicy, 42. Halfrooon Bay.
Georgre TV. Jackeon. 44, 355 First street, and
Annie Hart. 26, 355 First Etreet.
HURRYING
ACROSS
If that's your game
Hurry In comfort-
To Chicago in 3 days
on the Santa .Fo
California
Limited
band of Acnes Macdonald. and father of
Clarence D., A latter S.,, Robert B. and, Sibyl
Macdonald and Mrs. George T. Phelps. a na-
tive of Jnv»>rneEs-«hlre, Scotland, in his 70th
year. A pioneer of 1849. . • ' ' ":'
E7Pioneers, friends and acquaintances are
respectfully invited to attend " the ' funeral
to-morrow (Sunday). ¦ at i o'clock, from his
late residence. 68 Haieht • street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. .
McCARTHY-In ' thla city, January 81,. 1901,
Justin F.. dearly beloved husband of Mary
McCarthy, and father of May .and Willie
McCarthy, a native of New York, aeed 39
years S months and 14 days./ • ; --.yr.
"and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late 'resi-
dence. 336 Elsie street, near Cortland ave-
nue, thence to. St. Paul's Church for services
at l o'clock. Interment . Holy • Cross Ceme-
tery. , ', •
MARA— In this city, February 1. 1901. John II..
beloved son of Michael R. and Catherine
Mara, and brother of Slag-gle, Hannah, and
William Mara and Mrs. Walter" Smith, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2i years 7 months
and 2 daj-g. . '. . ;
MAY— In -this city, January 30, 1901, Mary A.;
beloved wife of JVoel May. and mother of
Albert, Walter and Estella May. a native of
New Orleans, La., aged ii years and 13 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respo.n-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2014V4 Dupont street, thenc* to St.
Francis Church, corner Vallejo and Dupont
6treets. tor services. Interment private.
MELOGLI-In this city, February 1. 1901. Vln-
cenza Meloell. beloved mother of Erennlo
Meloglt and Mrs. Esabella. Califano, a. native
of Molise, Italy, aged 60 years. ¦
MENSES-In this city. February L 1901. Alex-
ander, beloved husband of May Menses, a na-
tive of San Francisco, asred-39 years I
months and 3 days.
MOE— In Phoenix, Ariz.. February 1, 1901, Mar-
tin S. Moe, a native cf Molde, Norway, aged
36 years and 27 days.
MYERS— In San Rafael. January 31, 1001,
Frances J. Myers, dearly beloved daughter of
Julia and the late David Myers, and sister
of Matthew, Mary. John and William Myers
and Mrs. O. \V. Crandell. a native of. No-
vato. aged 16 years 4 months and 22 days.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thla day
(Saturday), from the residence or hermother,
D street, thence to St. Raphael's Church,
where a high requiem muss will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
O'CONXOR-In this city. February 1, 1901,
. Michael, beloved brother of Daniel O'Connor,
a. native of Doon. County Limerick, Ireland,
aged S4 years and 4 months.
CTFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church "for ser-
vices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PETERS— Entered into rest, ln«thls city, Janu-
ary 21, 1901. Delia M. Peters (nee Glavln).
widow of Charles W. Peters, and dearly ba-
% loved mother of Teresa M., May E.sand the
late Frances V>. Peters. (Worcester, Ma?9.,-
Stamford, Conn., and Woonsocket, H. I.,
papers please copy.)
(ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing 0t 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PURNELL— In Sacramento, January 31, 1901.
Minnie McClure. wife of William F. Pur-
nell. mother of John Burnett Yount. daughter
of tbe late Hon. R. A. and Mrs. E. L.- Mc-
Clure, formerly of Mission San- Jose, ami
sister of J. W. McClure, Mrs. Fannie Pal-
mer cf Oakland and Mrs. Thomas C. Hux-
ley of Centerville. Cal.. a native of Califor-
nia, aeed SB years.
ROACH— In this city. February* 1, 1901. Katie
M., beloved wife of George W. Roach, and
mother of Edwerd Roach, a native of San
Francisco! afed i'S years 11 months and J:
days. . - ¦ ¦
SCOTT— In this city, February 1, 1901, Sarah
S., beloved wife of James Scott, and mother
of Loretta, Richard, Evangellne and Willie
: Scott and Louisa L. and the late Uussie A.
i Jackson, a native of Savannah, Ga., aged
¦ id years 11 months and IS daye.
SOMERSET— In this city, February 1, 1901,
Thomas Somerset, father of George and Ed-
ward Somerset and the lafe Mrs. C. Hum-
phrey, a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
SPOERER— In this city, February I, 1901, Au-
Busta P. fipotrfr, boloved mother of Bertie,
! Lolita and Wilile Srwerer, daughter of Mrs.
L. Bush, and stepdaughter of Dr. L. Bush,
a native of San Francisco, aged 42 years 9
menths and 2S day*.
CTRemalns at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co., 1127 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.
TYLLESUN — In Alameda, January 30," 1901.
Conradine; beloved wife of Frederick Tyl-
let-tn, 'and mother of Mrs. Emll Fisher and
John, Fred and William. Tyllesen, a native
o£ Denmark, ajced C".< years 6 months and 13
days.
(OTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, at hor
late residence, 11C7 Cuena Vista avenue, Ala-
meda, under the auspices of Ledge No. 17 ol
the Danish Sisterhood. -Cremation > at- Od'l
Fellows" Cemetery, San Francisco. Omit
flowers.
VANUCCI— In this city. February l. 1901,
Eniile Georee Vanucci. sen of : Emile and
Clorinda Vanucci. a native of San .Francisco,
aeed 1 year 4 months and 24 days. - V
¦WAGNER— In this city, January.- 31. *1901,"
. Nellie M. Wagner, belove*j,daushterof Nel-
lie and the late Harry Wagner, sls:er of
Harry Watrner, and granddaughter of Henry
ar.d Mary E. Crowley. a native of San Fran-
- cIkco, aged 3 years and 6 months.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funerral thla day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the reSldenea
of her grandparents. 465G Eighteenth street,
between Denver and Hattie streets. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WALLACE-In this city January 30, 1901, C. C.
Wallace of Eureka,, Nev.. a native of, Penn-
sylvania, aged 65 years and 9 month)!.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this Uay
.(Saturday), from the parlors of the Califor-
nia Undertaking Company, -SOo Powell street,
I near Post.
WALSH— In this city. January 31. 1001, Mlch-
« ael, beloved husband of Elizabeth M. Walsh,
father of Lizzie, Edward and Willie Walsh,
and brother of Dennis Walsh, Mrs. James
Dickson and Mrs. John Murphy of Hum'
boldt, Cal.. a native of County Kilkenny,
Ireland, ar<»d 60 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect--
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. S44 Jersey "street, between Twent/-
.fowih and Twenty-flfth. near , Douglass,
thence to St. James Church, where services
will be held at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MEMBERS of Varnlshers* arid Polishers'
Union will please atKnd the funeral of our
deceased brother, Michael Walsh, to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence,
544 Jersey etreet, corner of Ddu^Usf. By
order of W, O'BRIEN. President.
WARDLAW— In this city, January 28, 1301,
William Wardlaw, a native of Glasgow, Scot-
land, aged 70 years.
WATSEN— In Paiclnes, San Bonlto County.
January 28, 1901, Thomaa Watsen, a natlvu
¦ of Vircirila, County Cavan, Ireland, aged C3
years.
BAUWAT TRAVEL.
JESSIE. 41$ — Furnished housekeeping rooms. 17
per month; suite of rooms, Jb per month.
GOLDEN GATE avc.; 7CS-NIce. sunny house
keeping rootrs; bath, pas etoves; reasonable.
ROOMS FO» HOUSEKEEriXG.
ELLIS. C21— Nicely furnished suHe~ornTrooms!
nouftekeeplRK. f~ bc ; also one room. J10.
PltOPOSALS ror coal— Offlce of I General Su-
perintendent Army Transport Service, San
Francisco, Cal.. Februan" 1. 1901: Sealed pro-
posals in triplicate for furnishing and de-
livering on board' army transports at San
Francisco. California, thirty thousand tons,
more or less, average steam coal, "will -be re-
ceived at this offlce until 12 m.. February 15,
1901, and then opened. Information furnished
on application. Envelopes containing propo-
sals should be Indorsed. "ProDosals for
Coal." and addressed to OSCAR F. LONG,
General Superintendent. *
EI ( X J Ul 136— Cunny rooms for light bousekeep-
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leare Market-Street .Ferry Depot. .
Ixical Llrn'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. Ban Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a *8:Wp 4:M p
A r. Stockton W:» a 11:45 a 11:06 p 7:23 p
"Merced .. 11:23 p 1:17 p 1:15*
". Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:J5 p i:05 a
" Hanford. 4:« p 3:« p 7:04 a
'• Visalla .. *:I8p 4:10 p 4:«a .........
•• Tulare .. 4:tt v 4:17 p 6:0S a
••.Bksfleld . «:50p 6:20 p 7:*0*
" Kan. City »:4i a 7:tta
" Chicago *:18 P 9M p
, a for morninr. P *or afternoon.
9:0O a. m. train la the California Limited.
Carryinr Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnlas;
Cars through to . Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on tbls train. Cor-
responding train arrives at «:« p. m. daJlv.
4-29 p. m. U Stockton Local. Correspond-
Ing train arrive* at ll:0S a. m. dally.
S-00 P. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through P»l»M-»nd Tourtrt Sleeper* and
free RecllninB Chair Car, also Palace
Sleeper which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:S5 p. ra. dally.
7 •» a. . m. Is BAkersfl*ld Local, stopping
at all points In Ban Joaqutn Valley. Cor-
refDondlnir train arrives at 8:« a. m. vially.
Of ficpt* — 6<t Market *tr»«t and In Ftrry
petMit. San Francisco: HI* Broadway. Oak-
Isnd. '•¦¦¦ ". 1^_U !_______.-SOME OF THE PEDAGOGUES WHO GATHERED AT AN INFORMAL. AFFAIR ARRANGED Bf SIRS. KINCAID TO
i>RING THEM INTO CLOSER SOCIAL RELATIONSHIP AND FOR THE PURPOSE OF DISCUSSING TOPICS
PERTINENT TO THEIR PROFESSION.
PAItEWELIi BENEFIT
FOR "P A M'MTTRS'M 1TM
Splendid Programme Arranged for
tlie Affair, Which Takes Place
Next Thursday.
Tickets are going like the proverbial
hot cakes for the farewell benefit to
George Hammersmith, which Is to be held
next Thursday evening at Native Sons'
Hall. The affair Is under the patronage of
many swell societies and clubs, and they
are working hard to give young Hammer
smith a swell send-off. Mr. Hammer
smith will take part in the excellent pro
gramme arranged for the evening and will
give his famous character Impersonations,
appear in songs and recitations and also
give his ; travesty and imitation of the
Alcazar version of "Sapho." '
The following artists have volunteered
their services for the evening: Mr*. J. E.
Birmingham, contralto; Miss Millie Flynn,
soprano: Big. J. F. Veaco, tenor; Harry
Wood Brown, barytone; Knickerbocker
Quartet: William J. Hynes. comedian;
Miss Jean Burell," impersonator (recently
of Chicago); Hazel Callaghan, child won
der (recently of Orpheum and Keith's.
New York), and Miss Ruby Dawson.
mimic. •
Versuvlus la drilling: and has been for weeks;
bar tho etock be tor* they strike ell; 40c, Par
rott bulldlog. •
r
¦ A Chinese rice merchant of r Amoy : re
cently : gave $1200 .to the Christian mls
j pion In that' city:
To Cure the Grip in Two Days
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne removes the cause.}
FATHER YORKE'S LECTURE
ON PEISON OF THE POPE
Advance Sale of Tickets Assures the
Presence of a Large Audi
ence.
The advance sale of tickets for the
lecture by Rev. Father Yorke on the
"Prison of the Pope" warrants the belief
that the "capacity of Metropolitan Hall
"rfin be taxed next Thursday evening-.
The desire to hear this brilliant priest
discourse on a subject with which he is
eo familiar caused hundreds to apply for
tickets of admission. The funds realized
by the lecture are to help defray the cost
of erecting a church in the parish pre
sided over by Rev. Father Brady. The
proposed new building: is to be dedicated
to St. John the Evangelist and is to be
situated on St. Mary's avenue, opposite
old SL Mary's College. A parochial resi
dence has already been erected in the
parish and It Is expected that the funds
realized through Father Vorke'a lecture
will enable the zealous priest to at least
mako a start on the sacred edifice.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
COLLECTOR FOR HAWAII DEPARTS.—
Roy H. Chamberlain of Iowa, Internal Reve
nue Collector for Hawaii, left for the islands
yesterday, with Special Deputy George Fletcher,
who has been commissioned to transfer the
office. • : j
COLLECTOR STRATTON"S TERM.— Port
Collector Stratum received a dlspatach from the
Secretary of the Treasury yesterday announ
cing that his term of office as Customs Collec
tor began yesterday, February 1, and will end
on February 1, 1905. . - j.**.v : .
SPECIAL MEETING CALLED.— A special
meeting of the Chamber of Commerce will be
held at 10 o'clock this morning, when action
will be taken in conjunction with kindred or
ganizations on the State quarantine service bill
now before the Legislature and other proposed
laws.
KILLED BT A FALL.— John Mara, an em
ploye of the International Horse Market, at
Twelfth and Harrison streets, fell a distance
of sixteen feet > from the hay loft yesterday,
striking on the top of his head. I He died three
hours later at the Receiving Hospital. Ha re
sided at 312 Twelfth street.
GLA2E MURDER CASE— The case of Rob
ert E. Glaze, charged with the murder of hla
partner, William Trewhella, In the Windsor
Hotel, was again called In Judge Conlan's
court yesterday. At the request of the de
fendant the case was continued till Tuesday,
as W. W. Foote, his attorney, was detained In
NURSES TRANSFERRED.-The following
changes have taken place in the Harbor and
Receiving hospitals: Mrs. Rose Kane, matron:
Miss Nellie Wynne and Miss Amy Hart, nurses,
transferred from Receiving Hospital to the
Harbor Hospital, relieving Mrs. Andrews, Miss
Brown and Miss Bertram, who have been or
dered to report for duty at the Receiving Hos
pital. -
WOMEN'S LABOR LEAGUE.— A meeting of
women who sympathize with union labor ia
called for next Tuesda'' evening at 909 Market
street. . The prfme movers In this new field
In aid of ' union -workmen are Mrs. Ed Rosen
berg, wife of the secretary of the Labor Coun
cil, and Mrs. J. D. Pierce. The object of the
meeting is to form a women's league or auxil
iary to the labor unions of the city, with the
view of aiding the members, especially in the
early closing movement. ¦
SUSPECTED BOY* BURGLAR.-Frank Alli
son, 17 years of age, vho says he is a stenog
rapher, was arrested at an early hour yes
terday morning while attempting to break Into
the store at 1113 Market street. "When search
ed a chisel and screwdriver were found in his
pockets. He was booked on charges of at
tempt to commit burglary and having burg
lar's tools In his .possession. He appeared be
fore . Judge ' Mogan yesterday, but the cases
were continued till Monday. » .
CHINEfeB BOY LANDED.— The hotly con
tested ; habeas corpus case of Jim Tup was de
cided yesterday afternoon by United States
Commissioner Heacock, and the . boy was al
lowed to land. His testimony was bo contra
dictory to that of his witnesses that his attor
ney. William • M. Gibson, denounced him In
court and asked that a committee be appointed
to pass upon his mental - responsibility. Dr.
Gardner and D. D. Jones pronounced him sane,
but a degenerate. There was no doubt that. the
young- : man was born in Oakdale. Stanislaus
County. - ;.- - - • .
Special Dispatch to The CalL
"WASHINGTON, Feb. 1.— President Me-
Klnley and. Secretary Root are now en
gaged in making final preparations for
carrying the provisions of the army reor
ganization law into effect. Thirteen hun
dred and ten nominations of officers will
be transmitted to Congress during the
present session or during the extra ses
sion In case one is called.
There seems to be little doubt that
General lilies will retain his present rank
and the command of the army. Friends
of Major General Chaffee. who holds a
volunteer commission, are anxious that
he shall be promoted to the grade of
major general, but as there are only four
vacancies In that grade the impression
prevails that they will go to Brigadier
Generals J. F. Wade, Just ordered to
Manila, H. C. Merriam, S. B. M. Young
and Arthur MacArthur. leaving General
"William Ludlow senior brigadier general.
The President will appoint several offi
cers brigadier generals and then re
tire them, including General Theodore
Schwan, assistant adjutant general;
Colonel A. S. Daggett, Fourteenth In
fantry, and Colonel A. K. Arnold, First
Cavalry. Fourteen officers will receive
permanent commissions as brigadier gen
erals, including Major Generals of Vol
unteers J. C. Bates, Lloyd Wheaton, A.
R. Chaffee (in case he is not appointed
major general) and Leonard Wood;
Colonels S. S. Sumner, Sixth Cavalry; F*.
U Guenther, Fourth Artillery; John I.
Rodgers, Fifth Artillery; H. C. Has
brouck. Seventh Artillery, and G. W.
Davis. Twenty-third Infantry. - s •
The name of General Frederick Dent
Grant is understood to be under consid
eration for commission as brigadier gen
eral.
President Preparing to Put
Into Effect the New
Law.
ARMY CHANGES
CONTEMPLATED
India Is rich in coal, though little min
ing has as yet been done in that country.
City Attorney Lane advised the Board
of Education yesterday that there is noth
ing In the charter to prevent Justice of
the Peace Daniels from continuing' in
his position as teacher in *he Lincoln
Evening School. The charter , prohibits
the holding of two salaried offices under
the city government, but Lane holds that
a teacher's position being legally the sub
ject of contract and not an office, it fol
lows that a school teacher is not a sal
aried officer under the city or any officer
at all. It does not follow that a teacher
may occupy two positions which conflict
with each other as to duties or hours of
employment, but there appears to be no
such conflict between the duties of a Jus
tice of the Peace and a teacher under ex
isting regulations.
May Hold Two Positions.
SAYS THE EIGHT^-HOtTB
LAW IS BEINQ VIOLATED
Xabor Commissioner Meyer Files
Charges Against Alcatraz Com
pany With Board of Works.
Commissioner Meyer of the State Labor
Bureau filed a statement with the Board
of Public Works yesterday, in which he
alleges that the Alcatraz Asphalt Com
pany, which has the contract to repave
Grant avenue, has been working Its men
over eight hours a day in violation of the
charter and the State law. If the allega
tions are proven the company is In dan
ger of losing Its contract. •
According to Meyer's statement, six
men employed at the mixing plant of the
company were forced to work from -6
a. m. until 4 p. m. on January 29, and
next day were informed that they would
be paid by the hour at the rate of 20
cents. | The men remonstrated and were
tol« to quit.
The adjustment of the difficulty la not
within the province of the Board of
Works, according to Secretary Park. He
says that all the board can do Is to de
clare the contract violated, as It calls for
eight hours' labor and $2 per day wages.
The only recourse the" laborers have is
to enjoin the Auditor from paying the
company's demand for the contract price.
The board received two bids for repair
ing Sacramento, Clay and Washington
streets between Montgomery and San
some with bitumen or asphalt. The Ctty
Street Improvement Company bid 55146 05
for bitumen and $5790 12 for asphalt. The
San Francisco Construction Company bid
for bitumen $7353 32 and for asphalt
¦$7782 70. The board will award the con
tract and select the kind of pavement next
I Monday. . ¦;? . V
duca the study of 'Caesar* in the high
school course?" The study is now begun
in the first year, but some of the teachers
present argued in favor of beginning it
in the second year on account of the diffi
culty encountered by the pupil in certain
passages.
The second topic was "Whether it would
not be preferable to require an entrance
examination into the university than to
continue the present syBtem of accredit
ing high schools." Some teachers . con
tended that the system had outlived its
usefulness, but the majority favored its
continuation, as to do away with It would
lessen the Intellectual standing of high
schools.
After two hours had been pleasantly
passed In this manner Mrs. Kincaid, as
slated by the Misses Jeffers, served coffee
and sandwiches to the assembled guests,
and so concluded a new departure which
Is likely to be regarded with a feeling of
pleasure by every teacher in the depart
ment. The representatives of the four
high schools who were present at Mrs.
Kincaid's initial function follow:
Mlsslob — J. O'Connor, principal; Miss Ada
Goldsmith. Miss A. G. Kelly, Miss M. E. Don
nelly, Mies E. M. Graham, Miss Rose Ryan.
J. J. Gallagher. P. A. Gavin. A. F. Wlnn. M.
Gifford. 1
Polytechnio — TV. M. Bush, principal; C. H.
Ham, R. Murdock, Anna G. Duffy, R. C. Dan
iels. A. L. Jordan, J. B. Clarke, F. A. Gard-
p?nr<HE flrat.of a series of informal re
¦ ceptions to be given to the public
I school teachers by Mrs. Klncald,
JJL president of the Board of Educa
tion, was held last night in the
rooms of the board at the City Hall. The
high school principals and teachers were
the recipients of Mrs. Kincaid's hospi
tality, which will be extended semi
monthly throughout the year until all the
1051 teachers in the department will have
been similarly entertained.
Mrs. Kincaid greeted the fifty or more
guests with her usual charm of manner
and explained that she had Inaugurated
the plan to have pedagogues meet to
gether in order to establish friendly In
tercourse among themselves and with the
board. Directors Denman and Mark were
present to testify their approval of an
innovation which Is destined to bring the
members of the department into closer
relationship than they have ever enjoyed
heretofore.
Besides indulging in social converse the
guests took part in an Informal discui
sion of two subjects pertinent tq the ad
ministration of high school affairs sug
gested by Mrs. Klncald. The first topic
was. "When is the proper time to lntro-
ner, E. S. Carniglla. M. Van Vleck, E. J.
Dupuy, TV. Zimmerman.
Girls— Kltsha Brooks, principal; George O.
Mitchell, Fidelia Jewett, H. M. Thompson,
Mary Prag, C. E. Wilson, E. M. Owens, C. L.
Hunt. Kate Elliott, M. J. Mayhorn. Alice
Marchebout, L. N. Howard. William Zimmer
man, F. M. Goldstein.
Lowell— Frank Morton. A. E. Kellogs, F. H.
Clark, F. E. Crofts. C. M. Walker. J. J.
Schmlt. Mlsa M. M. Cox. Miss F. Hodgkinson.
C. C. Young, Miss S. M. Klngsbury, T. R.
Kelley. P. T. Tompklns, J. L. Crlttenden.
Dr. J. Ellis Rodley, former Mayor of
Chleo, who is now under sentence of
tweJve years' imprisonment at Ban Quen
tin.. for perjury, was made the central flg
ur« In a drama of real life enacted by
oflicers of the law yesterday. An effort
was made by officials of Butte County to
land Rodley behind the walls of the-peni
tentiary regardless of red tape. That the
plan failed is due to the efforts of Attor
ney George D. Collins, who recently came
Into the case.
Dr. RcxJLey was convicted In February
a. yrar ago of having given false testi
mony in the contest over the will of Al
fred Fuller, a Butte County miser, who
died leaving an estate valued at $40,000.
Mrs. Minnie Houseworth, who served him
a* a nurse during his last illness, pro
duced a will naming her as legatee. A
Jury decided the will to be a forgery, and
Dr. Rofiley. who swore that F*uller told
him a. 6hort time prior to his death that
be had left his estate to Mrs. Houseworth,
was indicted for perjury and forgery. He
was convicted of the former charge and
acquitted of forgery. Mrs. Houseworth.
who was indicted on similar charges, Is
still awaiting trial. After the Supremo
Court had denied a motion for a new trial
on the perjury charge. Dr. Rodley secured
the services of Attorney Collins. A mo
tion, was made for a rehearing, and on
Tuesday last was denied by the Supreme
Court. Attorney Collins at once applied
to the United States Supreme Court for
a writ of error, claiming that his client
had not been granted all of the rights
awarded him under the constitution. A
•writ of Kupersedeas was Issued from the
United States Supreme Court Wednesday
and the necessary notice of the issuance
of the writ, which stays all proceedings
pending a hearing, was served by Collins
on the proper officers.
Judge Gray of Butte County, before
•whom Rodley was tried, directed Sher
iff Wilson Thursday afternoon to take
his prisoner to San Quentin. Sheriff WI1
eon followed instructions and made prep
arations to hurry Rodley to the peniten
tiary. Rodley, however, learned of this
plan and through a friend managed to
eend a dispatch to Collins Thursday
night Informing him of the scheme. Rod
ley was hustled out of bed at 3 o'clock
yesterday morning and taken from the
County Jail at Oroville. An hour later
he was on board the down train for this
city en route to San Quentin. Attorney
Collins was in the meantime working to
checkmate the plans of the Butte offi
cials. He had the necessary papers drawn
up when the State Supreme Court met
yesterday morning to ask for and be
granted a writ of habeas corpus by Chief
Justice Beatty. Armed with the writ. Col
lins hurried to the Sheriff's ofnee and
tSherifT Lackmann detailed Deputy Sheriff
Murphy to accompany Collins and serve
the writ on Sheriff Wilson. Among the
first passengers • ta i eaV e the ferry boat
wore Wilson and" Itodley. The former was
trying to get out through a side entrance
when Deputy Murphy served the writ of
habeas corpus on him.
"What do 1 care for those papers?" ex
claimed Wilson. -'I have been instructed
to take this prisoner to San Quentin
prison azid I .am going over with him.
You can't stop me."
"1 don't want to have any trouble," re
plied Murphy, "but 1 want you to under
stand that you will respect this writ. You
might as well come along quietly and
obey the Supreme Court's orders, no mat
ter who you gwt your orders from. If
you don't, » il place you under arrest."
Wilson hesitated for a moment and then
concluded to accompany Murphy to the
new City Hall. .Matters were explained
to him and at 3 o'clock yesterday after
noon he appeared before Justice Beau?
with his prisoner. He stated through a
deputy from the Attorney CJeneral's office
lhat he was not ready to proceed with the
hearing of the habeas corpus writ.
Attorney Collins consented lo any reas
onaHe continuance, providing that Rodley
In the meantime remain in the custody of
Sheriff Wilson.
Wilson promised to forego his intention
of at once taking Rodley to San Quentin,
and the cas« was continued until Monday.
"What am 1 going to do with my pris
oner now?" asked Sheriff Wilson after
leaving the Supreme Court.
"Keep him in your custody," answered
Collins, "and have him in court Monday."
"I suppose that I had better take him
fcark to OroviUe. then." said Wilson.
So it was that Rodlev Instead of hav
ing cupper last nifrht behind the peniten
tiary walls, as was projected. was on his
xray back to Butte County when it came
"lock up'.' hour at San Quentin.
Sheriff of Butte County Overhauled
oa "Writ cf Habeas Corpus
While on Way to San
Quentin.
Attorney Collins Comes to
(he Rescue of a
Client.
WHY RODLEY
IS NOT IN PRISON
WEDDZN-Q BELLS TO RI2TG
FOB, THEM NEXT MONDAY
Peter Hopkins Jr. and Miss Lucy
Boutelle Hayes to Be Quietly
ft Married.
Next Monday afternoon Miss Lucy Bon
telle Hayes and Peter Hopkins Jr. will be
quietly married. No cards have been sent
out for the affair and only the Immediate
relatives of the contracting parties will
witness the ceremony.
Miss Hayes is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas R. Hayes and cousin of
Congressman Boutelle. The happy groom
to-be is the son of ex-Sheriff Hopkins and
is connected with the Market Street Rail
way Company. •
The wedding will be a quiet one owing
to the recent severe illness of the bride's
father.
Harry W.' Goodall 1b soon to be a bene
dict. Mrs. Allie Hepburn has • promised
to make him the happiest of men, and
next Wednesday the lady will make good
her promise. The announcement of Mr.
Goodall' s engagement to Mrs. Hepburn
will come as a very great surprise to his
many friends. The happy fact of the en
gagement had been guarded carefully, but
the little "bird" that always hears and
tells got hold of It, and so the story is out.
The betrothal of the happy couple is the
culmination of a long: and delightful ro
mance. Five years ago Mr. Goodall met
the lady of his choice, who was then Miss
Allie Hallenbeck. Soon after their meet
ing 1 Miss .Hallenbeck was married, but
she left her mark on the Goodall heart. A
little more than a month ago Goodall
again met the charmer of his youth. This
time 6he was free, and a rapid and ar
dent courtship gave the patient admirer
the right to place a solitaire on the third
finger of the lady's left hand.
Mrs. Hepburn, who undoubtedly has
made the best catch of the season. Is
a petite Titian beauty. A wealth of au
burn hair frames a delicate face well lit
up by a splendid pair, of dark eyes. She
is a stylish dresser and very attractive.
Harry W. Goodall is the son of the late
Captain Goodall. He has large commer
cial interests on this coast and i3 a mem
ber of the firms of Bennett & Goodall and
Piper-Aden-Goodall Company and the
Western* Commercial Company. He has.
an independent fortune that came to him
by inheritance, both from his mother and
his father. Upon the death of his father
$1,500,000 was equally divided between him,
his brother and two Bisters. r
The wedding of Mr. Goodall and Mrs.
Hepburn will be an extremely quiet af
fair, and only the Immediate relatives of
the young couple will be present.
Engagement Ik • Kept Secret and
Only the Immediate Relatives
Are Aaked to the Wed-
Harry W. Goodall Is to Wed
Mrs. Allio Hepburn .
V-- '¦'• on Wednesday.
CUPID SNARES
A MILIONAIRE
THE SA1ST "FRANCISCO CAI/L, : SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1901.
President of the Board of Education Is the Hostess at
First of a Series oi Receptions.
MRS. KINCAID GREETS TUTORS
AT HIGHLY NOVEL FUNCTION
ding.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CereaJ
The most wholesome and
nutritious substitute for cof-
fee and tea.
Made from the choicest
California figs, prunes and
selected grains.
A delicious, strengthening
beverage — holds its delicate
' flavor to the bottom of the
cup.
Physicians recommend
Figprune.
All grocers sell it
jonderwhatH^ _saturday wants lor
•have on sale to-day { j j
J^l Sunday needs-
wB$$W$ belts, buckles and
9Vjtift\|lPx L'Aiglon belts— the most popular
\ style of the season — made of cood velvet
/g^- m/Si PI^^U^ 1^ 1 edged with prilt braid, and finished with
qStt^y #1 11^%^ ribbon rosette and fjve spikes— each
/ i M El %\%/% ' B =lt buckles— a bif? and splendid lot
isC f I fil Wtft tIiat i ust cam . c tumbling in by express
JLJj««M^ — new and dainty patterns — prices^ ran^e
from 25c each up to 91.25
B JW ' Shell goods— a miscellaneous lot of
•RnpgrtwaBteSWa rrnpire and side combs — worth 2.iC each
v&aUHBBBmSBBaB — now to close and quickly Oc
new valentines, sentimental and comic
One of our show windows holds a large 'and tempting display of
valentines, but they are only a dipperful from the bucket in propor-
tion to the vast variety that adorn the tables in the stationery store.
Prices, too, will be found, as low as the valentines are beautiful. Here
they are. But you can't have much of an idea of the extent of the stock
or the good values it embraces unless you visit the store.
Lace 1 valentines— in embossed envelopes — each 2c, 3c, 4c and.... 5c
Fancy valentines— in boxes— each ioc, 15c, 25c, 30c, 35c. 50c. 60c.
75c, $1.00 and up to $3.00
Comic valentines — 24 for.... 5«r
Large comic valentines— 12 for 10c
have you noticed our window
display of, candy ?
Our confections are made with the most particular — we misrht say
the most cranky — oversight. Our candy-man won't tolerate carelessness
any more than he would tolerate impurity in materials. He uses only
the purest sugar, the best of fruit flavors, the finest chocolate, hand-
shelled and washed almonds and other nuts — purity and care all the
, way through. • :
-. . . Try a box of our 35c French mixed creams^ — they are delicious.
some surprising values in good hosiery
Longr.stretche's of counters and shelves in the fourth aisle are laden
with hosiery goodness and economy. We always give more than you
expect — more value— a bigger money's worth than you can get at
! - stores don't enjoy the sconomizing advantages we possess iu
gathering and distributing hosiery. But just now- we are giving even
better values than usual. Here's a hini:
200 dozen children's narrow rib- _»*k '.>***V.
bed fast black cqtton hose — good »*?« w^«»\
weight — all sizes S 1 /* to Q T A— our Cr*V^
price, per pair Oc 2>-w/f"^ P^^a
150 dozen Hale's famous iron I tV'nC^
thread children's hose — narrow rib- E»^Vv,A f'iK^W>V'i
bed but heavy weight — made of bbTjL^/aA \\\UaI'\
hard-twisted, elastic yarn with ex- S/C2^^i yJy\y^A>c4
tra double knees, heels and toes — - >H/7'a^ j \
sizes 1V1 to Q-4— a splendid i-,z *ff?^C»^SX/i" ' AWs/
value — now, per pair 12i/i« — JA * ¦ ,\jfc£v
400 dozen ladies' hose^ — five differ- raff j.X ¦ *nrl^'
*ent styles — heavy weight — all black "^f\ Br **-* e s/'"^Ka
with pearl ribbed elastic tops, black -»Q M «§
with unbleached feet, black boots J — jji f* """
with fancy colored tops and solid ¦ 1 1 W /¥
red and blue Richelieu ribbed — all ,\J & ' *^\
sizes Z l /i to 10— now, per pr..l2j^c
Market figrJBr *W7 opposite
Sixth. 4=1 <f^££r~ n <+ avenue.
I The ; choiceet dub whlsKey '. Is Jesse : Moore
I "AA," and In club life It If >a great demand.
- ¦ ¦ - ¦ \ ¦¦•.-- . ¦ :¦:,,¦
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY, MONDAY and TUESDAY
EXTRA ££S5 BT: ~ S TOMATOES. A Cans 25o
Regular lOo can.
TABLE FRUITS, Extra Quality. .3 Cans 50o
Peaches. Apricots, Pears, Cherries, la heavy
syrup. Regular 25e can.
FINEST CREAMER! BUTTER. . .Squaw 35o
Good Batter Is a delicacy and can only b«
obtained at big prices. We give the best
and ask the least. Regular 45c
CHOICE PuINT REYES BUTTER . .Squara 30o
Regular 4Cc.
BEST-CITY EGGS Dozen SOc
From the Mission. Kejular S3c
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS. .....Dozen 25o
Guaranteed. Regular 30c
ROYAL BAKING POWDER. . .1-0. Can 40o
Regular 45c. r".1vi
FANCY MIXED CAKES 2|-ft. Tin 25c
Standard Biscuit Co. Regular Me
AMERICAN GOLD WHISKEY . Quart Bot 85c
Pure Old Rye. Regular $1 00.
CALIFORNIA NEW MILD CHEESE. .Ib. 15c
Regular 30c.
MACARONI, . VERMICELLI Box 20o
Spaghetti. Regular 25c
EXTRA SWEET SUGAR CORN. .3 Cans 25o
. Iowa Brand. Regular 12%o can.
JESSE MOORE AA Quart Bot. 90c
Bourbon Whisky. Regular $1 10.
SINGAPORE PINEAPPLE, Sliced../... loo
Extra fine. Regular 25c
LARGE FRENCH PRUNES 6 Us. 25c
Regular i lbs. for Me. 1 -.' '
CAL. WHITE ADRIATIC FIGS..10-Ib. Box 50o
Regular SOc box. Finest of CaJ. Flgm.
I. w! HARM'S WHISKEY Bot 80o
Regular $1 00. Gallon Jl
GOLDEN CITY FLOUR 50-Ib. Sack 80o
By special request Regular »5a
BARATARIA SHRIMPS Can 12&
Regular ISo can. .' ••... ,
CIGARS CUT— RENOWN 7 for 25c
* Hutnboldt. Eanchei and Raya. Belmont and
all leading brands. 12^e size for 10c-
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of tnes* Special Sales.
We ship free of chargs with every flT« dol-
lars or more within one hundred miles-
Ask for monthly price list— free.
I348-I?54 Ma-ket «treet.
Opp. Seventh. 'Phone S. 292. Xo Branca Storts.
OR.MCNULTY:
fl^HIS WkiX-KXOWN AND RKLIABLE OLD
J. 8pedalt.it euro Blood Poison. Oonorrbcea.Oleet.
Stricture. SpidIh.1 Weak-new. Impotence and their
allied Dlxorders. Book on Dtnea»P9 of Men, free.
Ovprnrean'rxrwrieiicc.Ttrnureaaflnabio. Hours
»to3dalIy;fl:20to3.30ev'K!i. SundaTs.W Xn 12. Omsul-
tatlonfreeaadaacaedlyconfldentiaL Call or address
r. RO8COE MeXCLTT. Jl. D.
UGH lirarny NU t*un Franrisca, C;^
OB| CHICHE8T2R*S CNQU8M
f ErJUYROYAL PiLLS
¦/"^' v5i4 »" chiOhksteks kmcijSS
-l« Blue rtSboo. Take no other. R^rbT™
IS «5fc »3 I>.,etro«. xab.UtaUoa. a . j X«lU?
I L W tlmm ' u B »r»f/<«"">Tm«iM.or«d4« 1 .lm
DR. CROSSIVIAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fop the »~ui»* oi Gonorrhoea. Cleat-*
6trl.ture« and analogous comolalatS *
of ths Organs of Generation.
Price tl a botUa, For sale tr draggut*.
j^ews Letter
To-pay .« -
Double-Page Plate Picture
of the Horses and Their
Jockeys With
Rac^ To-Day
• WATCHING OUR SPECIALS MEANS
lBW8i MONEY IN YOUR POCKET, j
Women's Oneita Union Closing Out Silk Waists
Su.tS. - WA^lVaU^V^e^Xd^^ne 8^
"Wool and cotton mixed; all sizes. | makes-all sizes on hand at, newe «
we xi£L\*c on hand NS **^ Jr
Women's Lisle Thread about fe^d
.. ... :' Vests. ¦ . : 7 Dozen ¦
8 l2 eve L ew: lnal « colors; regular sttS~ EnalfSh /^\MW^1iiAV
price 65o— special to-day 7 4OC 1-HtJII^H / Y Iff »V™fvl \\
.Women's Pink Wool Vests. | ffi^L ' fHw\
long «leeve»; » quallty-on «ale.. ' 7 rz kt^ ¦""•Ka UOt, fJ^m^mSUsJ
". •;• T5c . Waists, m|^
Ladies 1 Hosiery. • ; i? ze 8 1 ij sha<le8 an ? /^Z!^u
h^ r^?, B J ei 7 h .1 V * "-Iway. proven to b« the price to-day QUaUty: / P
best values In the city and our price* the ' ¦ V v >>ar» I
lowest. We will nell.you a 20o iau «t"* *^% ' '&>**. 50. « I
quality BLACK HOSE to-day at lZzQ % 1^ ¦**
Our 25c Boys' Heavy Ribbed « »y „ . VJs-JV/ ', i
Ho.e; in all .Izes; to-day at ITC . " ¦ What we have left of our
Children's Coats. , $2.00 f rench flannel
t£ l^\££?^Jf?tt££%g' iiffiS Wa ; sts
Ity— closing price tj>«3 '. » you can have to-day, for....... fl»| QA
„. , _ •— t>l»ZU
WOmen S GOWnS. t% (: f'' ° ur s P rfn » Wrappers will soon be ln-we
"We have about 12 dozen must h av eroom for them. -Will sell all our
Fl^ nel Wra PP ers 75c
Woolen Dresses. Dres«inn pq
i^^^Myk 1 W.« -^ "?,i -onSUn %« c
.- „ " m sizes— sale price.. C UW
Spike Belts. '-"' Dorset Special.
t* v,.w^. Short, long or straight-front Corsets.
Velvet Spike Belts; trimmed with /#(-,, Each one guaranteed perfect fitting and not
gold braid— all sizes; to-day tU^ to break. A new corset Is given If not
V • satisfactory.
Accord eon-plaited Moreen prices to-day:
C V. . 60c quality 3Sc
•¦.•." ¦ oKlrtS. . • ll 7 ™ q u a !it y "*-' ¦*" t° C
• In all colors: U quality; oa sale tZfk r a»'JLlltjr;."^^:^.'ii;oS •
to-^ay • t .....:... OUW $L50 quality........ ......$1.25 . '
1212=1214 MARKET STREET, arfSRii ,
- ; :¦¦ MAIL. ORDERS < RECEIVED. -
%
Sale's.
Hale's.
.v
Tabls Butter. Full Creamery, ££ a re 41c
Regular 45c \
Min:e Meat, per qaart jar. .... .40c
pjrhalf gallon..... 65c
To . close out. Regular Co and 906.
Heinz' Aple Batter, large jar. . . 2;c
.Regular 35c per Jar.
Cherries jellied, per jir. ...... .25c
Regular 35c.
Mustard Horse Radish .20c
Regular 23c per Jar.
Apricots, whch, evaporated 15c
Regular 25c Nice and tweet.
"anned Frnits (Fl;ck r nger's) 25c
In ! heavy »yrup. Regular SOc
fcotch Whiskey Cowenbrae; £[..51-15
Regular Jl 35 per bottle.
For a good hot drink.
Sh ;rry Pearl,^ extra dry.
Lucca Olive Gil, pint bottle. .... 6?c
Regular 63c. : • ¦
Lacota Laundry Soap, 8 cakes. . .2:c
• '• . ¦ Regular S f for 25c.
Clare!, 4-year old, per gallon. . . .35c
Regular SOc per callon.
Hock w ine per galloa 7fc
Regular |1 00.' • • '.
Country order» solicited? We «hip. freight
prepaid. Ask for Catalogue.
BIBO, NEWMAN & EKENBERG,
1447-49 POLK. STREET.
TEIa . EAST J72. • *