JOSEPH LEVY, AN AGED JUNK DEALER MAKES
A STATEMENT TO POLICE IN WHICH HE ADMITS
BUYING FIFTY THOUSAND SACKS FROM WALDEN
AGED JUNK DEALER WHO PURCHASED THE SACKS STOLEN FROM SAN .QUENTIN AND TWO CHECKS HE PAID TO EX-CLERK WALDEN.
TWO INSTRUCTORS WHO FIGURE IN STANFORD'S TROUBLES
Stanford University, Jannssy 17, IOO1.
It vronlii appear from many of the statements heard and seen
of late that, the position of thin university with reference to the
conduct, privileges and opinions of member* of, Hi faculty Is
totally different from that of any other Institution In this conn-.,
try. I recognize the fact that every one connected with, or Inter
ested In the Institution in entitled to know nhnt principles gov
ern Its management. Permit me to clear away, the fog that seems "*;
to have gathered round the subject and to so 'state the uni-,
verslty's position that I trust there can be no possible misun
derstanding it.
The question at Issue In the case of Professor Howard Is
simply this: ARE THE PROFESSORS IX THIS INSTITUTION AT
LIBERTY TO ARRAIG.V THE UNIVERSITY MANAGEMENT IN THE
PRESENCE OF THEIR CLASSES?
If such a liberty Is looked upon as academic freedom, then '
I beg to say that such freedom (If that is the word) Is not and
•will not be tolerated In this Institution ' so long as It Is under
Its present management.
There Is nothing new about this positions it is no new pol
icy; but it has been annumed from the outset that every one rec
ognlzed the Impossibility of university existence under any other
conditions. ,
There are here, as there are elsewhere, proper . channels
through which all disagreements can be adjusted without over-"
stepping the bounds of official courtesy and . propriety. When
affairs which concern the faculty or the students, either directly'
or indirectly, either Individually or collectively,' require' or seem
to require modification of any kind, It is the duty and the pleas- '
are of the president to hear and consider every complaint and
every suggestion, and every one acquainted 'with him known
that no man is more accessible than President Jordan.
¦ ¦ .
-
UNIVERSITY MANAGEMENT
MUST NOT RE ARRAIGNED
Continued on Third Pago.
erder has come out of chaos and every
thing indicates that Stanford University : ;
has passed " through : its ¦' crisis ¦ saf el y , and
that no serious evil will follow, the events
which have agitated every one here* so ;
greatly. ¦ The '.student; body, and ; thV ; fac
ulty are of one mind- and (to-night; for the
first time an authoritative statement of
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan.
17.— To-day has been one , of
. pennationai interest for : the
men and woman of the college
town. • i eellng had run very
high over the . ' controversy!
which, has shaken the* unlver^'
slty community to Us center, but to-nlffht
the situation,* Its : meaning,: effect and .con
clusion, has been- made tby , Acting: Presi
dent' Dr. John C.- Branner. .
This statement' is of vital importance,' as
it defines clearly 'and ; emphatically., the
principles which govern the university and
Its faculty.^ Noleffort js; made to'shirk
the issues- raised' by.« the forced retirement
of Professor Howard and every 'one con
cerned ; In the welfare . of • Stanford \ is * as
sured .'that- no professor; in the institution
will ¦ be permitted ' to arraign, ; before ;, his
classes, the management ; of' the' institu
tion. If any member of the 'faculty; con-
strues such an arraignment into academic
f reedom . . says _ the l acting ;' president, _ then
such, freedom is" not. and .will not be tole
rated ' lfr Stanford University V as . long as
it is under the present management. ..Fur
ther': than : this," : Dr.i Brahner.' says .that' if
any professor feels" that 'In conscience he
must f onbw "where Professor, Howard led,
the time for him to do scT is now. ' .
Dr. 'Jordan Is Responsible. ..
" This . appears to . simplify , the > entire sit
uation. ;; The* .'statement ' of \l Dr.': ; Branncr
wash made ; only.', after, careful. .'deliberate
discussion • with . the ' lcadine members - of
the faculty, practically all of whom aro
in hearty sympathy with President Jor
dan. The - authorities of the institution
want It to be clearly understood that no
principle of freedom of. thought ' or of
speech ¦ was for. a . moment In Jeopardy In
this whole unfortunate affair. They want
it. to. be understood that responsibility for
everything which has been done rests
with President Jordan and not Mrs. Stan
ford and they, want no one to believe that
any principle other than the enforcement
Continued on Third Page.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY SAFELY PASSES CRISIS,
STUDENTS UPHOLDING PRESIDENT JORDAN
F.'A. Kuhls was seen yesterday and ex
plained how he came to Indorse the check
for Walden. He stated that he became
acquainted with Walden at ¦ Schuetzen
Park several years ago and that they shot
in the same matches for years. Walden
was not a personal friends of his. he saUl,
Indorsement of the Checks.
Walden manifested his desire "not to rash
a good thing":
Sapt. ». 1900.
Mr. Joseph Levy. San Francisco. Cal.
Dear Sir— Acknowledging the receipt of your
favor of yesterday with check fcr 11373 in pay
ment for 25,000 bags shipped to you on Mon
day last, I herewith return receipted bill for
same. As you request, I will defer shipment
of the other 23M until week after next, and
will notify you in time when the shipment
goes forward. Shall probably be In town bo
fore that, howe\-er. and will drop In to see
you. Tours truly. C. J. WALDEN.
Walden's "bluff" appeared to make th*
prospective purchaser all the more eager.
Levy received the second shipment at the.
same price, as is shown by letters which
he produced. One of the letters follows:
Oct. 10. 1900.
Mr. Joseph Levy. San Francisco, Cal.
. Dear Sir— The boat, according to present ar
rangement, will come over here to-morrow
(Thursday) about noon, when I will ship the
bags. They win arrive some time during th«
afternoon. I shall ask the captain to notify
you when he gets to'the wharf. Tours truly.
C. J. WALDEN'.
Honey Soils in for Walden.
Money was rolling .nto Walden's pock
ets. He also became so considerate to his
customer Levy that he did not wish him
to mail any more checks. In the'followins
letter Walden relieved Levy r{ that
trouble by stating that he would call per
sonally for the money:
Oct. lL WOO.
Mr. Joseph Levy, San Francisco. Cal.
Dear Sir— As per my letter of yesterday tha
boat came to-day and took the other 2331
bags for you. Inclosed pleasa find bill for
same. I shall be too busy her* to go to town
this week, but will try and go over either
Tuesday or Wednesday, when I will call anj
get the check. You need not sent it before.
Tours truly. C. J. WALDEK.
On November 1 Walden came to the con
clusion that there was such a thine as
riding a good horse to death and accord
ingly mailed the following letter:
Nov. l. 1300.
Mr. Joseph Levy, San Francisco. Cat.
Dear Sir— Received yours of Oct. JO. but
doubt If I can arrange with the parties
interested to let you hav«» any more bass at
present. They appear to want to hold on to
them themselves. However, I will see what
can be done and let you know. Will be over
some time next week after election and seo
- you. • Tours truly. C. J. WALDETN.
Walden wasted but little time cashing
the first check he received. From thj
stamp on the reverse side of the check
on the Donohoe-Kelly Bank it is shown
that Walden cashed It on October IS. th>
day after it was made. The che k. wa<*
indorsed by the firm of Kuhls &
Schwarke. wholesale liquor merchants on
Sutter street.
Lux had bought for farmers. Unfortu
nately the farmers' crops had failed and
consecuently Miller & Lux had no use
for the packs and were anxious to dispose
of them. Levy says he asked Waldnn
how much tne sacks were worth and he
was told that he could get them at the
market value of $5 C5 a hundred. Levy
stated that there was no profit In pur
chasing them at the market value.
Negotiations for Sacks.
Levy told Walden that the only, way
they could do business was on the basis
of $5 50 a hundred sacks. Walden left the
store and stated .that he would do the
best he could. A few days later Levy re
ceived the following letter: \
Mr. Jos. Levy, San Francisco, Cal.
Dear Sir — Tours of yesterday came to hand
this morning, and as the Str. Caroline is mak
ing a special trip this afternoon. I ship you
what twine we have on ' hand — 1 bales. Bill
for same please find Inclosed. In' regard to
the S0M bags we spoke of I had no chance to
go to town since I eaw you last to see the
parties, but they had promised to. let me
know this week. I expect . to hear from them
any time. If not, will take a run over Tues
day or Wednesday and , try ; to ,' get i them for
you. Yours truly,' ' '" .' ' C. J. ' WALDEN. '
': On. Seotember 18 of last -year .Walden
followed up his scheme with the 'following
letter, which is self-explanatory, and
cl"sed tne bargain for the first shipment
of 25.000 sacks: :
Sept. 18, ! 1900.
Mr. Jos. Levy, San Francisco ¦ Cal. ' -
Dear Sir— Have managed 'to plo»e bargain
for the 50M bags, • and will »nl , them, at. the
first opportunity, but as the lv~t runs -very
Irregularly now, 'can't' tell Just ' when.' -She
may be over to-morrow (Wednesday) and If i
she comes will send you half of them (25M).
I -shall- have to go to town on Thursday and
will call at your - place between 1 and 2 p. m.
Judging from our latest advices, bags are
going up— I understand quotations now are h%,
for spot and 6V4 for next June. Yours truly, .
C. J. WALDEN..
A letter dated September 24, 1900, was
next furnished by Levy In explanation of
his reason for paying Walden instead of
Miller & Lux by a certified check for the
first shipment. This letter reads: .'
Sept. 24. 1900.
Mr. Jos. Levy, San Francisco, Cal.
Dear Sir— The boat will make a trip to
night, when I will ship you 23M bags, bill for
which please find Inclosed. They will be at
the wharf ready for you the first thing in the
morning (Tuesday). In settlement pleasn
send centlfled check made payable to myself.
I don't know Just, when the . boat will make
another trip — probably 'nest ' Monday,- and will
then send you the other 23M. Yours, truly,
1 C. J. WALDEN.
. The next letter Levy . received acknowl
edged' the receipt of $1375. In this letter
During Warden Aguirre's term In office
I>evy further claims that he never bought
a sack from the prison direct, but that
he bought 50,000 bags from Walden under
the following: circumstances, which he
frulrtrtantiates by letters received from
Walden written on the prison stationery:
•v'alden, so Levy claims, came to him in
September of last year and told him mat,
sHbeugh he was working as clerk at the
jute mill, he was also represnting the firm
of Miller & Lux. Walden was anxious to
pell a Quantity of sacks In stor6 at San
Cuentln Prison, which, he said. Miller &
Levy, in his statement to Prison Direc
tor Fitrgerald in the presence of Captain
Seymour, said he had known Walden for
peveral years. He knew the clerk of the
jute mill in a business way at San Quen
tin, he continued. On one occasion Levy
said he asked Walden if there was any
thir.j else be could buy around the prison
besides Junk and old clothes and Waldei
Ftated that he had some waste twine and
other stuff from the Jute mill. This all
happened during Warden Hale'a admin
istration. Levy had several business
transactions with those connected with
the prison and everything was most sat
isfactory en both Bides, Levy always pay
ing for what he bought by check drawn
in favor of Warden Hale.
Levy's Deals With Walden.
THE expose In yesterday's Call
of the peculations of C. J.
Walden, ex-clerk of the San
Quentin jute mill, has result
ed In the discovery of the
channels through which the
embezzler disposed of the
thou5tnds of sacks stolen by him and
shipped to this city from the prison mill.
Joseph Levy, an aged Junk dealer at' €2
Clay street, though innocently It so far
appears, received the stolen 50.000 sacks
on their arrival at the Jackson-street
Mh^rf several months ago. Levy's con
r.^sion—or. more mildly, his statement -
Is now in the hands of the police, and
:i<-tinsr on the Information thus g-ained
they will make greater efforts to locate
'h* embezzler.
Early yesterday morning Levy tele
phoned from his place of business to the
Harbor Police Station that he would like
'.<> make a statement to the police. Ser
jeant Ellis responded to the request and
T,evy at once made known his knowledge
of the means employed bv Walrten to dis
pose of the missing sacks-. He stated that
he bought the sacks, showed returned
checks given to Walden in payment, and
prated that he wanted to put himself right
with the police.
At 2 o'clock there was a meeting in Cap
tain Seymour's office in the Hall of Jus
lice between Levy, who Is very aged, his
Boa and Prison Director R. II. Fitzger
ald. Levy offered a plausible explanation
of his connection with the affair and ap
parently wished to air all his business
transactions with Walden. He falle-J.
however, to thoroughly Impress his Inno
cence en Prison Director Fitzgerald, who
stated after the Interview that he would
held Levy responsible for having received
stolen property, and that he would make
him pay Into the State Treasury the full
value of the sacks.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLTME LXXXIX— NO. 49.
SAN FBANCISCO, FRIDAY, JANUARY 18, 1901.
Prison Directors Insist That He7\cted Suspiciousl|rin PurGhasing Stolen Bags From the Embezzler
at a Figure Far Below Their Market Value', and Assert They Will Force Him to Pay for the
Theft— Fitzgerald Claims the Absconde'r Is Guilty of Only Two Crimes, but Wilkins Differs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.DENVER, Jan.-; ; 17.-Both branches of
the Legislature to-day; adopted a resoiu
tion? providing for a joint committee tc
investigate the grievances of. the- stVit
ing ; coal : miners and .if possible aueacTt
some basis of a settlement. .
To Investigate. Mine Strike.
SANTA ANA, Jan. 17— Samuel Hill one
of Santa Ana's prominent citizens, who
yesterday decided to go to Jail rather than
pay a fine of $20. reversed his decision late
last evening., paid his fine and has been
released. The fine • was imposed - on ac
count of his refusal to remove shade-trees
in front of his residence whose roots won
alleged to be a menace to the public sew
er pipes. ¦: He was required to-do this in
compliance with a general order recent v
issued by the City Council. Thoueh iir
Hill has paid his fine, the quesfion ',
nofv yet settled, as he declares he will
neither remove the. trees nor permit th*>m
to be removed, and the controversy win
•loubtleBS be carried into court "
Hill Pays His Pine.
MENTO. Jan. 17.— C. "W. Mark of the San
Francisco Board of Education, R. H.
Webster, Superintendent of Schools, and
W. D. Klngsbury. assistant superintend
ent of schools of San Francisco, and J. "W.
McClymonds, Superintendent of Schools
of Oakland, arrived to-day to look after
the interests of school legislation.
- George E. de Golia of Oakland visited
the legislative chambers ' to-day in com
pany, with, members of the Alameda dele
gation. •'".¦-/ '
James P. Dockery came up > from San
Francisco to-day. He Is interested in the
passage of. Tyrreirs pure food/bill
Frank Drew is in Sacramento workinr
for the -joint resolution asking for a Con
gressional investigation into the conduct
of District Judge Noyes of Cape Nome He
la in the employ of the firm of Reddv
Campbell & Mctson. «eaay,
CALL HEADQUARTERS; SACRA-
EDUCATORS VISIT ';,
SACRAMENTO IN AID
OF SCHOOL LEGISLATION
California since tho. holidays, there is a
shortage'of cars even at the present time,
while the shippers now declare that dur
ing the, next fifty days' two hundred cars
a day ought to be started for the East,
as the condition and quantity of the fruit
is such as to make desirable rapid move
ment. -With this requirement ~ for the
shipment of about two hundred cars a
day the capacity of the two railroads is
estimated at one hundred and fifty cars
a- day with the cars all moving freely.
That makes it look as though there were
about 2500 carloads more of oranges in
Southern .California that ought to be
moved than "the roads have capacity for.
/In spite of the best efforts of railway
companies phlppers are looking forward
with expectations of a blockade, which
they 'fear may be much worse than that
of la st , year. : Realizing that there was
a much greater crop to be harvested th>
year than ever before, the railroads set
about the '-¦ task ¦ of improving .- their ; ser
vice, and the Santa ' Fe Company bought
and had built 750 cars to supplement If?
previous equipment, while it is understood
that . over 1000 more ¦ cars are in the -ser
vice now. than last year on the two roads.
The car equipment of the two -roads and
of the private car lines operating In the
Gtate is sufficient to meet all : demanas
If the 'cars could be : kept In ; steady mo
tion, but the roads experience a great
deal . of Inconvenience ; through . the , dis
position of the ; Eastern « roads to ¦¦-. side
track fruit cars and hold. them for west
bound freight • through their aversion t>»
hauling empties. w'
Brakeman's Narrow Escape.
SAN JOSE, Jan. : 17.— Phil - Magruire. a
brakeman on the ; narrow-^auge railroad,
had a miraculous escape ¦ from death yes
terday. While arranging freight in a car
on a train near Wright's Station in some
unknown way he lost his balance and fell
headlong out of the door. The car was
passing, over a high trestle and Maguire
was thrown : to the Kround below, a dis
tance ¦- of : f orty^flve . feet. ¦ . In ' the • f aJJ he
struck on the trestle, rebounded and land
ed in the bed of the. creek. The train was
stopped and Maguire .-picked ,' up "land
brought to his home in this city. •, He re
ceived a badly dislocated shoulder and a
severe bruising and shaking up, ., but will
; be all right in a few week*.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 17.— The orange
situation is causing great anxiety among
shippers.'-. With less than one hundred
carloads ' of fruit going out of. Southern
NOT ENOUGH CARS
TO HANDLE ORANGE CROP
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 17.-The followln- Joint
resolution relating to the California min
eral lands bill was Introduced In the As
sembly this morning by Ralston and was
passed by unanimous vote and - ordered
transmitted Immediately to the Senate:
Resolved, by the Assembly of the State of
California, the Senate concurring. That the
Congress of the United States be respectfully
and earnestly requested to Immediately pass
that certain bill known -as "the California
mineral lands bill," and being the same bill
drafted by the Hon. Binger Hermann, Commis
sioner of the General Land Office, and in
dorsed by the Hon. K. A. Hitchcock, Secretary
of the Interior, looking to the classification
and segregation of the mineral lands within
the railroad land grants of the State of Cali
fornia: that the Immediate passage of said bill
is to the utmost degree important; that with
out the relief sought through the bill In ques
tion mineral titles will remain 'unsettled, min
eral rights incapable of satisfactory adjust
ment and the mineral resources within such
grants undeveloped; capital will not seek In
vestment under existing conditions and the
consequent loss to the industrial resources in
this State Is almost incalculable; in short, the
necessity for the desired relief is immediate,
urgent and Imperative.
Resolved, further. That the secretary of the
Senate and the chief clerk* of the Assembly
be directed to . immediately telegraph -these
resolutions to the honorable President 'of the
Senate and the\honorable Speaker of the House
of Representatives of the United States through
our Senators and of California
In "Washington." \
In the Senate the resolution was 'taken
up out of order and under suspension, a
proceeding which caused some sharp de
bate, and was passed.
PROPOSED MEASURE
FOR PUNISHMENT OF
CRIME OF KIDNAPING
JOINT RESOLUTION •
. REQUESTING ACTION ON
MINERAL LANDS BILL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 17.— Senator' Corlett has
brought the subject of kidnaping before
the Senate in two bills," one describing the
crime and the other fixing the penalty.
He makes the sentence upon conviction
"not more nor less than twenty years."
Following is the text of the first bill: ¦
Section 1. Section 207 of the Penal Code Is
amended as follow?:
Sec. 207. Any person " Trho ' shall kidnap or
take, steal and earn' away another person
with Intent to do bodily harm or deprive the
person of Ms liberty or with Intent of de
manding or exacting from him or from any per
son a reward or ransom or money or any
thing of value or to compel any person to do
or perform any thing or act against his will, or
any person attempting or planning or conniv
ing at any of said things, shall be. guilty of
kidnaping.
Any person who exacts or demands of
another or In a general way exacts and de
mands a ransom or reward for the release of
any person in confinement and restraint or de
prived of his liberty Is guilty ot kidnaping.
Any person who threatens another with bodily
harm or threatens In any manner that he will
do unto another bodily harm or that he will do
bodily harm unto any person oV persons not
naming them for the purpose or exacting
money or other consideration or lor the pur
pose of compelling any person to do or per
form an act 'against his will or for the pur
pose of preventing the discovery of crime or
for the purpose of preventing the recovery ot
any person kidnaped, stolen or carried away,
shall be guilty of kidnaping.
Any person other than the father or mother
who shall take, steal and carry away a
minor, or who shall -hide or secrete from the
person having the legal charge thereof a
minor, shall he guilty of kidnaping.
Any person who shall bring Into this Ptate
from another State . any person kidnaped or
stolen or carried away in any of the ways
above set forth, though the same shall have
been done in another -State, shall be guilty of
kidnaping, and in such rase the offense shall
be triable in the county where the person kid
naped shall be found, or in any county where
he. shall have been proven to have been while
under restraint as aforesaid.
ASSEMBLY TJRGES
IMMEDIATE PASSAGE , ' : \ ; *
OF THE GROUT BILL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. .17.— Assemblyman Myers
this morning Introduced a Joint resolution
urging upon Congress the passage of the
Grout bill. It was adopted and ordered
transmitted to the Senate immediately.
Following Is the resolution: .
Whereai", There Is pending: in' the Senate of
the United States a bill known ' as the Grout
bill, having -for Its purpose the regulation of
the manufacture and sale of oleomargarine or
oleomargarine butter; and .
"Whereas, The dairymen of California are
vitally interested In the passage of aurh bill,
the operation of which would be very beneflclal
to the dairying Industry of the State; there
fore be it
Resolved, by the Assembly and Senate of
the State of California, That .we -respectfully
urge the Senate of the United .States to enact
gaid bill at its present session.*
Resolved. That the chief clerk of the As
sembly and secretary of the Senate be directed
to Immediately mall this resolution to the
honorable president of the Senate of the United
Btates and also to each of the Senators from
the State of California In the United States
Senate.
For Balloting Machine.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 17,-Butler of Ban
Francisco introduced In the Assembly to
day a bill making mandatory the use of
"automatic vote registering and recording
machines at aJl elections. The bill was
introduced at the re.quest of a San Fran
cisco inventor, who was in the Assembly
chamber this morning with a sample ma
chine, showing the legislators how : it
worked. While the machine is one of. the
latest improved, the bill is so drawn 'that
¦other^machines.wouW. not answer to the
requirements of the law, and In its pres
ent form the measure is not likely to be
come a law.
BOARD OF PENSIONS
• FOR FIREMEN IN
THE SMALLER CITIES
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 17.-Kelley in the Assembly
and Leavitt in the Senate have Introduced
companion bills to provide. a pensW and
relief fund for firemen in cities an? towns
having no fire commissioners. The bill
makes the treasurer of the county,- city
and county, city or Incorporated town
and the chief engineer of the fire depart
ment a board of trustees to handle the
fund. It is provided that firemen may
retire on half pay after twenty years' ser
vice or upon being disabled, and a pen
sion of one-third of his pay to the widow
or i«, Idr . en und «" sixteen of any fire
man killed In the line of duty.
Vanderbilt Visits Canada.
MONTREAL, Jan. ; 17.— Alfred G. Van
derbilt and . his bride arrived in" Montreal
via the Delaware and . Hudson express
from Albany this evening, occupying a
parlor, compartment In the regular, draw
ing-room . car.; They registered at' the
Windsor. - Mr. - and "• Mrs/ -Vanderbilt are
en route to Quebec and will probably leave
here to-morrow, yv •:
Chlna^exports 11,000,000 fans yearly.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan.^17.— The Joint committee on
code revision, composed of the commit
tees for that purpose^ from both the As
sembly and the Senate, got down to busi
ness this evening and proceeded through
the first chapter of the Code of Civil Pro
cedure. The three code commissioners.
Freeman, Van Fleet and Denia, were
present to assist and explain the reasons
for each alteration suggested. The sub
ject matter dealt with was the Supreme
Superior and Justices' coum.
In making its revisions the Code Com
mission has eliminated from the code3 all
sections where the provisions of tne con
stitution are set forth, believing that in
such cases the constitution speaks plain-
! y .« enoush> and- further Interpretation in
different phraseology in the codes leadj
to distressing and serious complication*
and they have eliminated all sections in
conflict with the constitution on the
theory that In the first case they are un
necessary and la the second they are in
valid, anyway.
An interesting point was developed dur
?v* discussion over the removal from
the Code of Civil Procedure to the -Penal
Code of. all sections relating to criminal
practice before a Justice's Court. It
«^ S £ at , th «y hav « n e y er been a part
of the Penal Code, where all other crim
inal practice is Included.
tn B «?i» r "w h ?V ? en # te Judiciary Committee
to-day, Wolfe's Senate bill No. 8 waa re
ferred to a special committee of three
composed of Senators Wolfe. Devlin aid
-A* « h * . to slm P»fy the machinerv
?h»?n?^iKf» !t » P«™» v '*»ons. It Is a bill
that prohibits the sale by a merchant of
2™ 5 ? °S k> * xc *Pt in the ordinary
£oV£f t ade and »»!•¦¦ a"er duo
notice to the vendor's creditors. There
will be a delegation from San Francisco
b^f«ri >P t O >. rt th * bI!1 wnen ncxt » com «
o«rore the committee.
?,» i . _ Senat «> Wll 35. to make It a felony
to Interfere with electric lines of anv
kind was amended, so as to restrict It's
application to some extent and was then
recommended for passage. As it now
stands the crime Is made a f elany or mis-
Jeraeanor at the option or the trial Judge
Devlin't bill to make it a felony to steai
current was amended to make the crlms
a misdemeanor, and in that shape was
recommended for passage.
The Senate Finance Committee decided
to report in favor of Smith of Kern's bill
providing for the oayment of Sheriffs
claims for taking prisoners to the State
prisons and insane persons to the asylums.
The claims amount In all to about J300o.
' The Assembly Committee on Roads and
Highways had under discussion this after
noon the bill for the construction of a
State highway between Sacramento and
Folsom. It was decided to await action
until J. L. Maude. State Commissioner of
Highways, could be present.
The Assembly Committee on Swamp and
Overflowed Land and River Improvements
met this afternoon and decided to record
mend for passage Assembly hill No S3
repealing the • act -which declared Lake
Earl, in Del Norte County, navigable.
COMMITTEE ON CODE
GETS DOWN
TO ACTUAL BUSINESS
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 17.— Assemblyman
Sheridan, representing Colusa. Glenn "and
Lake counties, introduced to-day a pro
posed constitutional amendment relating
to Juries in civil cases and Grand Juries
By its provisions three-fourths of a jurv
may render a verdict In any civil case a
unanimous verdict stilr-being necessary* in
criminal cases. The amendment provides
further that three-fourths of a Grand
Jury may return presentments or Indict
ments and : that a Grand Jury may con*
slet of any number not less than five nor
more than fifteen, as may be provided bv
the constitution. . . •"',:
Changing Jury System.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA^
MENTO, Jan. 17.— Guilfoyle of San Fran
cisco to-day introduced in the Assembly a
measure providing for the Fanitary regu
lation of laundries. As its application i»
to any "city and county" it is directed to
ward the Inspection of San Francisco
laundries. ¦*.
By its provisions laundries must be reg
ularly inspected by the health officer of
the Board of Health, and any proprietor
who is not able to shqw a certificate from
the health officer is guilty of a misde
meanor.
The measure goes further and aims at
the regulation of the hours of labor. It is
made unlawful for a proprietor. or man
ager to employ any one to wash, mangle
or iron between the hours of 7 p. m. and
6 a. m., or at any hour on Sunday.
Butler of San Francisco introduced the
old bill providing for the appointment of
a ¦ State quarantine officer by the State
Board of Health, to supersede the quar
antine officer of the city and county of
San Francisco, and abolishing the latter
office. K?->t--
MEASURE REG-ULATIN7 ''^0.
THE HOURS OF, "WORK
IN AT.T. LAUNDRIES
It is provided that whenever an analy
sis is commenced, a portion of the drug
or food to be analyzed shall be reserved
and sealed in a bottle or package, and
In case any person is charged because of
the impurity of the drug or food or
drink, the sealed sample shall be given
to him or his attorney. , •
An appropriation of $30,000 is provided
for in the bill to carry out its purposes
for the . next two years.
The bill empowers the State Board of
Health to "take cognizance of the pub
lic health in the sale of drugs and
foods and the adulteration thereof, and
to enforce all laws of this State relating
to foods, drinks and drugs, and prohibit
ing the sophistication and adulteration
thereof." It also empowers the board to
employ expert and professional assistance
when necessary, the compensation to be
lixed by the board. Willfully obstruct
ing investigations made under the act Is
made a misdemeanor.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 17.— Senator Tyrrell of San
Francisco has introduced a bill, to stop
the adulteration of foods and to provide
a penalty for any attempt to violate the
provisions of the act. .
TYRRELL FORMULATES
1 J BILL TO PUNISH THE
ADULTERATORS OF FOOD
Senator Shortridge submitted a bill to
provide $3000 to- pay the claim of J. K.
Edson, and Senator Cutter was persuaded
to put In Long John Wilkins* claim for
$450 for services as messenger to the
Board of Health.
Bliss introduced a bill carrying with It
an appropriation of $15,000 for a workshop
at' the Industrial Home of Mechanical
Trades for the Adult Blind.
Senator Selvage introduced a bill appro
priating $5000 for the construction of flood
gates and a flume at the mouth of Lake
Earl, In Del Norte County.
Senator Nutt introduced a bill appropri
ating $50,000 for the State Normal School
In San Diego, and" Senator Wolfe intro
duced a bill providing for an appropria
tion of $100,000 for the State Normal School
In San Francisco.
Fellz reintroduced his measure of the
last session appropriating J2S0O to acquire
for the State the Colton Hall property at
Monterey.
Stewart of Amador Introduced bills ao
proprlating $7000 for Improvement of the
water system. $1500 for an Ice plant and
$500 for books at the Preston School of In
dustry at lone.
Fellz of Monterey introduced a bill ap
propriating 150,000 for the construction of
a State highway between Salinas and San
Miguel. Ray is sponsor for another meas
ure appropriating $50,000 for a State high
way from a point near Merced Falls to
the boundary line of YosemUe National
Park at a point where It crosses the
Merced River. The bill provides for the
repeal of the act of March 26,\ 1S95. by
which $50,000 was appropriated for - the
Marlposa road, but wKlch was never car
ried out.
Barnes introduced a bill appropriating
$50,000 for the completion and equipment
of the building now under course of con
struction for the San Diego State Normal
School:
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 17.— Another grist of appro
priation bills was a feature of the Pleas
ures launched in the Assembly to-day.
State highways and normal schools were,
as usual, to the front.
BILLS CARRYING y
APPROPRIATIONS FOR
' VARIOUS .PURPOSES
Mr. Treat followed on the legal aspect
of the bill. He said to his mind the bill
was constitutional, and that it did not
prohibit counties arid cities from making
such local regulations on the subject as
they saw fit. He described pool-selling as
a menace to the moral health of a commu
nity, no matter how or where It was con
ducted, and particularly to the integrity
of employes to whom the temptation to
bet was aggravated by the convenience
of the opportunits*. From an economical
standpoint, he said, the man who accepts
money without giving- something in re
turn is a dangerous member of society.
A laborer when he receives his money
has given his work and the effect Is evi- '
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 17.— The Belshaw pool-sell
ing bill was thrashed out before the Sen
ate Committee on Corporations and Public
Morals this afternoon by a delegation
from Sausalito which came to back up
the measure. There were Archie J. Treat.
Jchn T. Harmes, Francis Avery and Louis
Beedy.' 'All but Beedy were allowed to
address the committee. Their arguments
were cood ones against the selling of
pools on or off tracks, but they were
taken as backing Belshaw's measure.
Belshaw explained his bill, adding some
words on the demoralizing effects* of the
buying and selling of pools, and gave good
reasons why the business should be stop
ped altogether.
dent, but a man who sells pool* gives
nothing but an element of moraJ dangrer
to all his surroundings.
Mr. Hannes spoke of the effect of the
pool-selling business on real estate. In six
years, he said, it had seen values in Saus
allto go down more than 50 per cent, and
there was no compensating advantage.
He declared the poolseilers were a nuia
ance from every standpoint. ,*
Mr. Avery added his teatim-my to what
had been said and then Belsr.&w spok*
again Jn favor of the bill. Knowing noth
ing about the bill, from the arsuments
used in its favor one would have thought
it wiped pool selling from the- fac« of the
earth Instead of providing the entering
•wedge for Its reappearance upon a suf
fering community.
Bekhaw stated that ho did not believe
the bill would allow the Inrleside track
to be reopened regardless of the wishes
of the people of San Francisco, but in or
der that the measure should not serve as
a prop to any weakening Board of Super
visors he was willing to add a section
reading "Provided that nothing in this
act shall be construed as ~prr>hibitin?
counties, cities and cotmties. cities an.l
towns from prohibiting pool selling with
in their limits should tf.ey see fit." Th.»
consideration of the bill by the committee
went no farther than the hearing of m
advocates. It will he caken up again Mon
day, when It is understood more argu
ments will be heard uron It.
It is known in Sacramento to-night that
the committee will report adversely to the
passage of the bill.
It is the plan of the Alameda members
of the Legislature to discuss fully at the
meeting Mtfnday nlgh't the needs of the
university and the proposed methods of
raising revenue for it. If possible a course
will be agreed upon that ¦will stand a
chance of the Governor's approval., i .
The main purpose of the meeting. It ,1a
evident, is to convince the sponsors of
the delegation agreed that a common
sense course, one that would produce re
sults, should be adopted. A majority at
least of the delegation are champions of
the Rowell bills, but Governor Gage's an
tagonism makes their passage hopeless
beyond question, and the conference for
Monday night has been arranged with a
view to see If compromise measures can
not be formulated.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 17.— The Alameda
County delegation held another
caucus this afternon in regard to
the University of California bills.
As a result of the meeting President
Wheeler and Senator Rowell and Assem
blyman Anderson, who Introduced the
measures in the Senate and Assembly, re
spectively, will be invited to a conference
on Monday evening at 8 o'clock in Senator
Lukens' rooms at the Capital Hotel.
While them was not much expression of
individual opinion at the meeting this
afternoon as to the merits of the meas
ures favored by Governor Gage as against
those already introduced, the members of.
what have come to be known as the
Rowell bills that they cannot possibly be
come laws in view of the Governor's atti
tude, and that the only wise course to
adopt I* to withdraw them and substitute
measures appropriating directly $200,000
for the maintenance of the university for
the next two fiscal years, amending the
act establishing the 2 per cent tax by
making: It all available for maintenance
and transferring the $50,000 in the Gov
ernor's mansion fund to the maintenance
-fund of the university.
. Members of the Alameda delegation as
serf that they do not favor one plan or the
other, but that they appreciate the grav
ity of the situation that confronts the
Rowell .bills and ¦ are not willing to lose
everything by demanding all or nothing.
Members of Alameda Delegation Not Willing to Lose All by De
manding Everything or Nothing.
ROWELL'S APPROPRIATION
BILLS WILL MEET DEFEAT
r-ALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 17.— The pages of the Sen
ate and Assembly have organized a club
known as "The Young: Legislators." The
officers are as follows: President, Donn J.
Shields of Los Angeles; vice president,
Forest J. Swears of San Francisco; secre
tary. Esmond M. Smith of Oakland: treas
urer, Sam Wacholder of San Francisco;
minute clerk. Francis. SprinRer of Santa
Barbara: serpeant-at-arms, Dannie Love
of San Krsncisco. _
The remainlnB members are as follows:
Monroe Gllman. Willie Lardner, William
Faunder?, Elwood Feeney, Emmett
Rhoads, Dean \V. Hasson. Woodburn
Lamphrey, Ralph Schluer. Reed Baxter.
Eldon Wickham, Edward Roeder, Earle
Byron and Wilbur - -anktree.
PAGES OF SENATE
AND ASSEMBLY FORM
LEGISLATORS' CLTJB
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
SJENTO. Jan. 17.— Tlie proposed investi
gation of the affairs of the California
Paris t'ommi(=.=ion was apparently Riven
its quietus this morninc in the Assembly.
The Committee on Commissions and Ex
}>en<5iturei- presented He report, conclud
ing with the statement that the commit
tee could not make further report while
one of the commissioners w'as still sib
eent from the State and the vouchers and
final report of the commission were not
jet filed.
"No recommendations are made," Crrov«»
L. Johnson commented, "and there is
nothing to do with the committee's report
but to file It."
"I so understand it," eaid Speaker Pen
dleton. "We will pass to the next order
of b*d£lness.** :
The report of. the committee is as fol
lows:
Mr. Speaker: Tour Committee on Coramls
tior.c and Public Expenditures on January 10
had, by the recommendation of a special com
mittee, aMifrned to it the portion of Governor
Oag*"s biennial message referring to the Parts
Exposition Commission.
On the 14th of January Governor Gage In
a special message presented .to the Assembly
the preliminary report of two Paris Expo
sition Commissioners fTniman not signing),
end he called attention to the fact that no
voucher* of *uch expenditures have yet bee-.
filed with the State Controller. This rpecial
m«.«sajre and preliminary report were also re
ferred to tfcle committee.
Tour committee studied the messages of
Governor Oase and the preliminary report of
the commissioners. Controller Coljtan ap
j-eared before the committee at it* request as
•V4 a representative of the Secretary of State's
office. Your committee also took cognizance
cf rumors that are afloat.
Tour committee therefore presents the fol
io wi nr r^p^rt :
1— The Legislature, of 1899 appropriated
*:30.o<>0 '-to collect, prepare, forward. Install
and maintain an exhibit of the products of
th» Ptate of California at the Paris Expo
sition." This act, approved March 20, ISM.
Committee Unable to Make Recommenda
tions Owing to Absence of Vouchers.
made it tho duty of th« Governor "to appoint
three commissioners experienced in exposition
work, one from the northern, one from the
central and one from the Fouthern 'portion of
the State." who were to have the exclusive
charge and control of the expenditure of all
money* appropriated. Kaoh commissioner whs
required to file a bond Jn the amount of 110 nno
with the Secretary of State. Each commis
sioner was to have $»pno for his services as
commissioner. The act made $25,000 available
on the paoeaee of th» a*?t and 1103.000 avail
able December 1, 18S3. The act exempted the
payment of the moneys from section 672 of
the Political Code, eo the State Board of Ex
aminers had nothing to do with It.
2— Under the above, act your committee finds
that Governor Gage appointed Hons. Ben C
Truman of Los Anreles, W. W*. Foote of San
Francisco and E. TV'. Runyon of Red Bluff a*
said Paris Exposition Commissioners. Their
bonds are regrularly filed with the Secretary of
Etate and the commissioners duly qualified and
proceeded to their work abroad.
3— The only direct knowledge your commit
tee* has of the work of the commissioners In
Paris Is by the partial preliminary report
which the Governor communicated to the As
sembly on January 14, 1ML Tour committee
has not had filed with It any communication
nor charges regarding the work of this Parts
Commission.
4-Untll the Touehen are filed with the 'Con
troller of California and until a full official
report Is made, your committee is unable to
present to the Assembly a full report as to
when, how or where the money appropriated
was spent. There Is no law requiring the
Paris Commissioners to return and : file final
voucheni and reports In a speeined time. An
exitmlnatlon of the vouchers In the State
Controller's office of State expenditures for
• xp<>5ltlon purposes Ht Chicago. Guatemala
and Hamburg show that It Is not usual for
voucher* to be filed until several months after
an exposition is closed; In fact, former prece
dents give from *lx to eighteen months for
commissioners to file final vouchers
Therefore Mr. Speaker, from the above facts
ar.d condition*, your committee on «_omml«
eions and. Public Expenditures cannot make
further report while one of th* commissioners
has not yet returned to the State, and while
the vouchers for expenditures and the com
mission's report are not filed.
PARIS INVESTIGATION
RECEIVES ITS QUIETUS
PACRAMENTO. Jan. 17.— Sheridan in
troduced a constitutional amendment pro
viding for changes in the law relative to
]ftit and grand juries. The following
balls were introduced:
A. B. 2«3. Sheridan— Amending section 55 of
the county C'lvernment act of ]S3".
A. B. ;M, ?hcridan— Kflative to crimes and
l^nplti^ii.
A. B. ;6S, Sheridan— Ttepealinp the act of
1*M relative to the serving of summonses and
rabpesa*.
A. B. 26«. Mf-i^au^hlin— Amending section
J*Tfi of the Civil Cod'.
ASSEMBLY PRESENT
LONG LIST OF BELLS
FOB COUSEDEBATION
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 17.— A bombshell
was thrown to-day among the at
taches of the ABsemlSy who hold
positions by political favor and
are utterly lacking, la competency by a
resolution offered by Webber of Napa, It
provided for a committee of three to ex
amine "into the question of the Assembly
stenographers— who they are. where they
sire and what they are able to do. The
r*-Fo!mlon was a.dopted, and other at
taches are wondering if the investigation
¦Rill stop at stenographers. Webber him
s-e!f k;ij-s there must be improvement in
;he postal service of the Assembly or it
¦Rill he the next to be Lexowed.
In offering the resolution Webber said
it was notorious that members could not
und a stenographer when thev required
his services. Six had been appointed for 
the majority, and he understood that but
two of them knew anything at all of
stenography. If that were true, he de
manded that the Incompetent ones be re
placed by competent stenographer!?.
The resolution met with no opposition,
Webber. Brown of San Mateo and
JUel.ang-hlin of San Francisco were ap
1'Olnted on the committee. They held a
j-reliminary meeting this afternoon, but
were not able to round up enough of the
ptenopraphers to begin the investigation.
To-morrow the committee will conduct an
impromptu civil service examination in
ethnography.
Upon resolution offered by Kelley. the
Printing: Committee was Increased from
f fv(l n to nine members and the Speaker
i.am*d Johnson and Webber to complete
the list. Fisk asked to be relieved from
the committee on account of his -duties
the "Ways and Means Committee, and
the Speaker appointed Evatt in his stead.
The Senate resolution extending an invi
tation to President McKinley to be pre«
<>nt at the launching: of the Ohio was
taken up and unanimously adopted.
Sixty-four new bills were introduced at
the session this morning. Hanen intro
duced a measure amending the county
pnvernment act by providing: that mem
l>erp of Boards of Supervisors shall be
nominated by districts but elected by the
vote of the people of the county at large.
Favajre and Chandler introduced ident'- '
cal bins empowering Boards of Supervis
ors to levy a special tax to establish a
fri.o of not exceeding: SW.<m for displays
fit State, domestic or foreign expositions
Feliz introduced a bill changing thr/
game laws by eliminating the close sea'
*r.n for robins and extending the close
reason for pheasants two years.
COMMITTEE WILL KILL
POOLSELLERS' BILL
Measure Introduced by Belshaw for Benefit of
'Gamblers Has Little Chance of Passage.
tlon of certificates of »ile under void assess
ments for taxes, or whan a deed mad« to the
State under a sale of lands to the State t»r
the non-payment of taxes wou d be void,' to
cancel the same.
S. B. 233. Selvage— Appropriating IIMOO to
place a flume and floodgates m the mouth of
Lake Earl. Del Norte County.
S. B. 256. Corlett— Amending section 508 of
the Penal Code.
S. B. 157 Corlett— Amending portion 207 of the
Ptnal Cod* relating to kidnaping.
S. B. 258. MacK-an! — Regulating the pn ct'.ce
of medicine and surgery.
8. B. 259. Shortrldsre— Appropriating $3000 to
pay the claim of J. E. Edson. ¦.; --J
S. B. 560 <nc»author>— Appropriating l-W.'Wt
for the completion of the building now belns
constructed for the San Diego State Normal
Schcol. *.' i.-
S. B. 2St (no author)— Amendinif section 1M
of the Code of Civil Procedure.
P. B. 2*2. Currier — Adding new sections to th»
Political Code, relative to revenue taxes, an<1
flxtPg the time wtthtn which claims for refund
of taxes must be made.
S. B. 2«3. Selvase— Authorizing the 5t»cretary
of State to arrolnt two additional clerks, an I
repeallnK section 422 of the Tolitlca! Code.
S. B. 264, TyrreJI of San Francisco— A ppro-
Frtatlngr $»>,0CO for the Inspection of fntxis.
drinks, etc.. under the direction of the Stat«
Board of Health.
S. B. 2ST>. "Wolfe— Appropriating: IMO.Wm for
the erection of buildings for thf u»e of th»
San Francisoo State Normal School.
S. B. M8. I^uchsinger— Providingr for the pub
lication of l«»Kal or official advertising.
S. B. 2«7. Byrnes— Amending section I of the
Mutual. Beneficial and Relief Associations Act
Of 1S74.
S. B. 268. Cutter— Appropriating W30 to pay
the claim of John S. Wilkini.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 17.— Twenty bills
were introduced in the Senate. They
were: .
8. B. 2O. Leavltt— Creating a firemen's relief
health, life insurance and pension fund.
S. B. 250. Caldwell— Amending section 752 of
the Municipal Corporation Act of 15*9.
S. B.'SSl. Caldwell— Amending section 2953 of
the Civil Code.
S. B. 252 (no author)— Regulating the sale of
intoxicating liquors.
S. B. 153, Sims— Amending section 2353 of the
Civil Code.
S. B. 2*4, Selvage— Concerning th» cancella-
TWENTY NEW BH/LS
ARE INTRODUCED
IN THE SENATE
, >f»-ALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
gl MEXTO. Jan. 17.-The Senate had
1 ~ * its first oratory this morning.
when the concurrent resolution
for the ratification of the Fresno
charter came up for passage. The action
is a mere matter of form, but still Short
ridge objected to ratifying a charter of
which the Senate knew nothing-, and he
referred to the ratification of the charter
of San Francisco when two years aso the
passed a resolution ratifying a
measure that, said Shortridge, has shown
itself full of visionary schemes impossible
of execution, and. had placed at the head
of. the city government a little martinet.
Wolfe spoke in a similar strain, saylnp
that he voted for the ratification of the
charter two years ago because his con
stituency wished it, but he finds now his
people are sorry he did.
The resolution passed, however, and
then a similar one for the ratification of
the Pasadena charter was called up out
of order and also passed.
Luchsinger presented a bill providing
that all public advertising be done in pa
pers within the township where the sub
ject matter of the advertisement exists, or
In the nearest paper. This Is a measure
that .will be fought bitterly by the various
official county papers and by the papers
not official in the larger towns.
Senator Leavitt Introduced a bill pro
viding machinery for establishing: fire
men s pension and relief funds in cities
having no Fire Commissioners.
Senator Selvage Introduced a bill allow
ing the Secretary of State two more
clerks, at a salary of $1600 a year each.
Senator Caldwell introduced a bill to
provide local option for cities of the fifth
and sixth classes, and providing how the
question of licensing or prohibiting the
sale of liquor shall be submitted to the
people.
SENATE RATIFIES
FRESNO CHARTER
Discussion Provokes First Burst of Oratory
K of the Session. \
A. B. 2«7, Stewart of Amador — Appropriating
$7000 for a -water system at the Preston -School.
A. B. 26S. Stewart of Amador— Appropriating
JoCO, for l.« nj!ss for the Preston , School. '
A. B. C63, Btf»»rt Of Amador — Appropriating
$1500 for an Ice plant at the Preston School.
A. B. 270, KnowlanO— Amending the county
government act of H37. '¦¦<
A. B.-271.- Kelley— Creatinc a fireman's relief. '.
health. llf«* insurance and pension fund.
A. B. 272. mine— Appropriating J15.000 for a '
workshop at the Industrial Home of Mechan
ical Trades for the Adult Blind.
A. R.- 273. Hubbard— Appropriating JI56 75 to
pay the claim of A. Xlakec* • ¦ • ¦ : . •
A. B, .21*. - Hubbard— Repealing, section 2852
j cf tbe Political Code. . •
A. B. :T6. Hubbard-Amending the Civil Code
requiring railroads to -construct and maintain
fence*.
A. B. 276, Hubbard — Concerning stray ani
mals in Shasta County.
A. B. 27.7. Savage-Amending the law rela
tive to street work. „. •¦ o- i
A. B. 27S. Savage — Enabling Supervisors U>
levy taxes to display county products.
A. U. 279, SavaRe— Appropriating $300 to pay
tlie claim' of "F.'H.Blakfley.
A. B. 280, Clarke— Appropriating $223 to pay
the claim of T. O. Toland..
A. B. 2S1. Ray — Providing for the construc
tion of a highway from Merced Falls to Yo
si-KiitP Park. . ¦ v
A. B. 2S2. Cromwell— Amending: the Political
Code relative to notaries public.
A. B. 2a3. Cowan — Amending section 337 of
t!ie Prnal Code.
A. B. 2S4, Hasson— Regulating the practice
of medicine and surgery.
A- B. 2!>a, Cowan — Kesarding the altering of
the brand.* on cattle. . ;
A. B. IS6. Kellr— Providing for a Colton Hall
b'-ard of trustees and appropriating $2500 for
their u?e.
A. B. Z&7, Fellz— Amending section 626 of the
Penal Code.
A. B. 2bS, Felit— Providing for a State road
from Monterey to San Luis Obispo and ap
propriating $o0,G00 for tl*; purpose.
A. B. 2S3. Guilfoyle— To regulate the estab
lishment end maintenance of public laundries.
A. B. 230, Roberts— Amending the law rela
tive to fees for officers and Jurors and wtt
fesscR of IS?;.
• A. H. 291. Miller— Defining the eastern bound
ary of the State.
A. B. 292. Miller— Appropriating $55 75 to pay
the claim of I\ \V. Forbes. -
A. R 233. Butler— Providing for th» ilse of
automatic voting machines. - i
A. B. 294. Butler— Providing for the appoint
ment of a State quarantine officer by the State
Board of Health.
A. B. 295. Butler— Amending the Code of
Civil Procedure relating to holidays.
A. B. 2t<6. Butler— Amending the Code of
Civil Procedure relating to guardian and
ward.
A. B. 297. Butler— Same title.'
A. B. 29S. Milioe— Amending the Civil Code
relating to mortragM.
A. B. 233, Miliee— Relative to the sale of In
toxicating liquors.
A. B. 300. Milieu— Amending municipal cor
poration act relating to election of officers.
A. B. 301. Mellce — Supplementary to the lr
1 rigatlon act.
A. B. 302, Chandler-Relating to the plugging
of water wells In oil territory.
A- B. 308, Johnson — Relating to furnishing
photos and descriptions of convicts by war
ofns of State prisons.
A. B. 304. Barnes— Appropriating $50,000 for
the completion of the State Normal School at
San Diego.
A. B. 305. Barnes — Amending section 6SJ of
the Code of Civil procedure.
A. B. 306. Barnes— Amending section 2003 of
the Political Code.
A. B. 307. McWade— Appropriating $412 SO to
pay the claim of the Oakland Water Com
pany.
A. B. 30?, McWade— Appropriating $325 65 to
pay the claim of IL Tinderman.
A. B. 309. Collins — To secure native-born and
naturalized citizens exclusive right to labor
on public works.
A. B. 310. Carter— Amending section 1624 of
the Civil Code.
A. B. 311. Johnson— Regulating the sale of
cigarettes.
A. B. 312, Stewart of Pan Diego — Appropriat
ing $300 to pay the claim of A. L. Wood.
A. B. 313. Brown of San Mateo— Relative to
public nuisance*".
.A. B. 3M. Johnson— Amending the Political
Code relating to the bringing of narcotics, li
quors and firearms into State prisons.
A. B. 315. Johnson— Relating to the giving
of bond* by administrators, executors, et jils.
A. B. 316. Broughton — Amending the act for
thp incorporation of co-operative associations.
A. B. 317. Brovlghton— Amending the Civil
Code relating to express trusts.
A. B. 318. Broughton — Repealing section* 2532
of the Civil Code. "•
A. B. 319, Broughton— Amending the act reg
ulating the use of artesian wells.
A. B. 320. Mellck— Amending the Politic^
Code relating to revenues and taxes.
A. B. 321. Melick— Regulating width of tires.
A. H. 222. Wright— Amending act for forma
tion of protection districts.
A. B. 323. Ralston — Amending section S65S
and repealing section S704 of the Political Code.
A. B. 224. Hanen— Amending section 15 of I
the county government act of 1S97.
A. B. 32S. Hanen— Regulating the hours of
labor In sawmills, etc.
A. B. 316. Chandler — Bmpowerlng Boards of
Supervisors to levy special tax for the pur
pose of displaying the products of any county
at domestic and foreign expositions.
Assembly Committee to Inquire as to the
Competency of Stenographers,
EMPLOYES MUST
PROVE ABILITY
ALAMEDA DELEGATION YIELDS TO GOVERNOR.
/ . ¦ - ¦ Illyyil
THE SAN- FR^AXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY^ JANUARY 13, 1901.
CALL CARTOONIST MAKES OBSERVATIONS AT SACRAMENTO.
2
To Cure a Cold in One Day '
Take Laxative Bromo Quinlno Tablets. All
druzKlstt refund the money If it falls to cure
K. W. Grove's signature Is on «acn box/ Sc. *PACIFIC GROVE. Jan/ 17.— The ; Pacific
Improvement . Company , : has . mada the fa
mous seventeen-mile drive a- toll road and
to-day toll takers were put on at' the
gates. A tax of 25 'cents. will be levied
ur-on every person passing Into the com
pany's pi operty through either gate.-
Now a Toll Road.
PACIFIC GROVE, Jan. 17.— The old Pa
cific Grove Museum Association : has made
a formal transfer of all , its ' property to
the Pacific Grove Museum Association, in
corporated, and dissolved Its organization.
The property Involved includes a museum
building containing about ,2500 valuable
natural history specimens, a small scien
tific library and a small amount of money,
the whole aggregating about $5000: : v ,-;--
Museum Transferred.
General- von ¦ Bock-Polach, in behalf of
the officers' corps, congratulated his Maj
esty on the occasion of the' celebration
and called for three cheers for the Em
peror, which were heartily 'given and ac
companied by -the band playing "Hell dtr
Im Siegers Kranz," the Prussian nation
al hymn. After the Emperor had replied
to General von Bock-Polach the march
past was carried on and the Emperor and
his party then returned 'to the palace:
Emperor William, the Crown Prince,
and Duke of Connaught View
the Parade.
BERLIN. Jan. 17.— The celebration of
the bicentennial of the kingdom of Prus
sia began to-day with all the pomp be
fitting such an occasion. The weathjr
was .cold and clear and all the approaches
to : the palace, gay with a profusion of
flags and bunting, were thronged at an
early hour with sightseers who assembled
to witness the drooping of the guard's
colors in the ' courtyard of the armory.
Emperor William, the Crown Prince and
the Duke of Connaught arrived from the
castle on foot. After an inspection of the
color company they proceeded to the cov
ered court, where the princes, generals
and deputations of officers awaited them
The Empress watched the proceedings
from the palace balcony. .
BICENTENmAX OF
PRUSSIA CELEBRATED
fie It reiiolved by the Aanoclated
1 ( u>i. -tn m of the Leland Stnnford Jr.
Inlrrniltri That tt* hereby declare
oar annwrrvfnc confidence fn Dr.
Jordan nn president of thin nnl
»«-rnlty and oar fnltli In Ills n-lndom
• «» dfreet Itu atTntrn.
Clieer after cheer followed the adoption
5f this resolution. It was announced that
Dr. Jordan would return to the university
of a discipline necessary to university ef
fpcti\-4?!ie*i> w«« ever it stake.
Important as is the statement of acting
President Eranner tt is not more signi
ficant than the action taken by the stu
dent body to-day. The students met an1
with hut a single dissenting voice in per- I
haps U*j men and woir.tn adopted resolu
tions Indorsing the course which Presi
dent Jordan has pursued and expressing
confidence In his wisdom to conduct its
affairs. Early ir. the day a crowd of
angry students threw one of their num
ber, who dared to use insulting words 1n
reference to President Jordan, into a lake
And at night when President Jordan ar
rived at Palo Alto from the south he was
welcomed home by hundreds of cheering
shoutin? students, who escorted him In
triumph to his home.
In this situation, therefore, there H
everything to encourage the friends of
Stanford University.
Students and Faculty in Accord.
Students, faculty and president are lr.
hearty accord. There is nothing to indi
cate that there will be any more resigna
tions snd two of the vacancies have al
ready been filled. While there are som<>
discontented spirits among t/.e- students
they are so few that they play no part of
importance. The experience wUch one of
th<--m suffered to-dav was not such as to
rnciiurage its repetition with anotuer sub
ject. . \ -
Students gathered in thp quadrangle to
flay earlier than usual. Uncertainty, ap
prehension and serious doubt were In the
air. Groups of young men and women
discussed the situation, circulated rumors,
mnvassed what they believed to he the
condition of affairs end planned for their
rr.f-r-ting of the afternoon. Suddenly there
was a commotion In one of the groups.
One of the students, C. D. Montgomery,
had made a romark reflecting upon the
ability and integrity of President Jordan.
Montgomery Is Ducked.
Montgomery has rnly been at Stanford
finre September, when he arrived with
advanced standing from Kansas. As
poon as ho made his startling remark one
"f the Ftudrnts called him aside, osten
s-il'ly to argue with him. Montgomery
was drawn aside out of the quadrangle
and toward a rising ground where there
i? a pmall lake. At the same time about
forty students started for the lake by a
different route. Th^y were there as soon
as jlontgomery and his leader. Seizing
the man from Kansas they bundled him
out on to a lighter and with shouts and
cheers threw him into the lake. In all
haste they then retired and Montgomery,
trenched to the skin, made his way to
his home In Palo Alto.
This incident was a forerunner of what
was to happen at the afternoon mass
rr»ctinj» of the students In Assembly HalL
All the- pians for revolutionary proceed
ings vanished into thin air. The leaders
emong the upper classmen were in con
f'Jltation with the university authorities,
who practically dictated what should be
done while Insisting that they should
neither interfere with the meeting of the
students nor seek to color the expression
of their opinion. The plan to memorialize
Mrs. Stanford and beg her to reinstate
Professor Howard was abandoned and at
1:30 o clock the students met.
Confidence in the President.
Assembly Hall was crowdec." to the
i°° ra "™- A^ Ia v rack of the senior
rlass presided At the very opening of
the session J. T. Burcham. a graduate in
law of the university, introduced a series
of resolutions denouncing- the trick of
wme unknown students who had placard
?r] the Stanford group in the quadransrle
The resolutions wre greeted with cheers
snd were unanimously adopted In a scene
af enthusiasm ¦which has had few paral
lels even at Stanford.
Charles Schwartzkopf of the senior class
then aroso for the important business of
the afternoon. He called attention to the
.'act that students as well as the faculty
:>f Stanford were facing a most serious
end critical emergency. He paid a sincere
tribute to Professor Howard and to those
who had followed him into exile, but he
tagged his fellow students to see the wis
5om of supporting a higher and greater
?ower than Professor Howard. .For that
reason he introduced the following reso
lution, xrhich was adopted with but a sin
fle dissenting vote:
Prison Director Wilkins of San Rafael
and Warden Aguirre arrived In the city
early yesterday morning to take steps to
locate Walden'fi confederate. Wilkins
claims that the two made public are not
all of Walden's offenses. He claims the
abrfr :ding jute mill clerk must have been
systematically robbing the prison. He
has Instructed Warden Aguirre to retain
the book experts and instruct them to go
through Walden's accounts from the time
he entered the prison until the day he
mysteriously disappeared.
The story of Walden's embezzlements
created as great a sensation in San Ra
fael as It did In this city. Walden had a
large circle of friends in San Rafael. He
was also a prominent member of the
Marin Rifle Club and the members of the
organization were amazed when the news
was published that Walden had again
strayed from the path of honesty
In this city there was a certain extent of
sympathy expressed for Joseph Levy and
he was given full credit for coming for
ward and making his statement to the
police. But, on the other hand, it will be
difficult for -him to explain how it was
that he failed to suspect Walden when he
offered for sale immense quantities of lute
bags at a figure far below their market
value. . ¦ .. .
Eot All of Walden's Offenses.
IMrector Fitzgerald's Views.
'I have heard all that Levy has to say."
said Fitzgerald. "He has some very
plausible statements tc make. I cannot
help saying, though, that I consider him a
very poor business man to have placed so
much confidence In Walden. Levy had
formerly been In the habit of doing all his
business direct with the prison and I can
not understand why he should have sud
denly switched off to trade with Walden.
"I shall make It my business to see that
the prison does not lose a cent by this
transaction. I understand that Mr. Levy
Is far from a poor man and w© shall im
mediately take steps to recover the pric<»
of the sacks. I myself feel certain that
Walden committed only the .wo embez
zlements which have been made publi".
His books show no other discrepancies.
Where the man is gone I don't know."
Levy last night said that he was entire
ly innocent and that he has come out and
tried to prove that he was an Innocent
party to the affair. He claims he thought
Walden was acting in good faith and he
believed he was reaJly buying sacks
w^"^ sold by the Prison officials to
Miller & Lux. When told there would be
action taken against him by the Prison
Directors to recover the value of the
sacks, it did not appear to - worry Levy
very much, as he volunteered the state
ment that "they could go on and sue."
Prison Director Fitzgerald is very bitter
against Walden. When seen yesterday
he referred to the absconder as "an ii«
grate of the worst kind." The most point
ed statement Fitzgerald makes is that h?
will make I^evy pay the full value of the
sacks whether or not ne was cognizant oi
the fact that he was buying stolen prop
erty.
and had only been in the Sutter-street
establishment once previous to the time
he reauested Kuhls to indorse the check.
On October IS Walden called at "the stor-?
and, displaying the check, stated that he
was afraid that he would be unable to
cash It unless he was identified. Kuhls,
on being asked by Walden to accompany
him to the bank, consented. He has never
seen Walden since. . The seend check
Levy indorsed himself.
Continued From First Page.
AGED JUNK-DEALER'S STORY
producing such Immeasurable results,
that any nation hesitates to trust its for
tunes to the issue; and. In the second
place, there is scarcely any territory in
the world now to acquire except countries
so densely populated that the cost of their
acquisition would be incalculably greater
than their material value to the con
queror." . -
WARNING GIVEN
GREAT BRITAIN
Alleg«c Humiliation in Ac
cepting the Amendments
;o the Treaty.
Hatter Goes Beyond the Stage Where
the Views of Pauncefote Are
lAkely to Turn the
Scale.
Continued From First Page.
Various American despatches refer
pointedly to "Washingtor'a growing as
sumption that Great Britain will accept
tiio amendments. According to rumor
here, this Is greatly due to private conver
eaxlocs with Lord Pauncelot© some time
ego. "Whatever truth there Is In the re- ,
ported conversations with Lord. Paunce-
Jote. end they aw not credited, at the
Foreign Office, it can be said that the
matter has now g-on© beyond the phase
nheie Lord Pauncefote's ¦views are likely
to turn the scale one way or the otbjer.
Spain's Bad Outlook.
A Madrid special says: The Liberal to
day publishes a vigorous Indictment of
the present refflme, written by Senor Mar
g-all. the chiff of the Republican Federal
party. He says that following the clos
ing- of the Chambers the nation has be
come less hopeful and more fearful re
garding the future. lie adds:
"The budget has not been discussed, the
treasury debt is unpaid, we still owe the
bank over a thousand million pesetas,
agricultural wealth has not increased and
fanaticism is spreading, In consequence of
the support the Government has given the
church, which is attacking: democratic in
stitutions and the eacred rights of man.
The Government constitutes the best
friend of Carlism. All dynastic govern
ments are powerless to break the chain
between King and Pope."
In conclusion Senor Margall says It Is
futile to expect the slightest improvement
In the outlook.
Providing: for the Ihike.
An Amsterdam special save: The Am
sterdam Gazette publishes two or the
measures contained In Queen Wil
helm!na's marriape bill. The first gives
the approval of the State's General and
ih»> Dutch people to the marriage; the
hf-cond provides £12.500 a year for Duke
Henry in the event of his becoming a
¦uidowc-r. A third measure concerns the
nationality of the Duke. Here is a dif
ficulty, for the Duke wishes to become a
Netherlander, but at the same time to re
tain his own nationality. This is con
trary to Dutch law, and should the
Duke persist all arrangements for the
marriape may fall through. The Duke Is
t>"und to conform to the law, which can
not be altered. In the event of his re
fusal a serious hitch will ensue, which
will at least postpone the marriage in
d< finitely.
The *tate entry of Queen Wilhelmina
and the future Prince Consort. Duke j
Henry of M#cklenburg-Schwerin. into i
Amsterdam has been fixed for March 5. i
STANFORD PASSES CRISIS,
IX5NDOX, Jan. 17 —A dispatch of the
American correspondent of the London
Time* gives a bitter invocation to Great
Britain not to Five anti-English Amer
icans an opportunity for exultation over
her surrender, and finds a hearty editorial
echo la the Globe, which declares that,
though Americans as a wh.oJ« are learn
ing to take a more sober virw of the re
lations with Great Britain, "there is Btill
a group of politicians whose main object
Is to ar.r.cy and humiliate Great Britain."
ALLEGED FRAUD
IN MINE WORK
Accused of Spending a Large Sum
for Other Purposes Than De
veloping Copper Proper
erties.
President Qualey ."of an Ari
zona Company Asked for v
an Accounting.
BRITISH CRUISER
SYBILLE WRECKED
The following Californians are in New
York: From San Francisco— Mrs. Frank
lin, at Holland; F. B. Sadler, at Grand
Union: H. Van Bergen and wife. Miss
"Winkbein. at Holland; H. H. Dane and
wife, at Murray Hill; Mrs. H. E. Wright
at Grand Union.
It is reported that Joseph Faverio, who
lived in the rear tenement, 73 Mulberry
street, disappeared from there on Tues
day night. A vigorous search of Faver
io's former dwelling and haunts failed to
discover him. He had dealings with
Mayor Weisbard, the jeweler salesman
who disappeared -Tuesday night, and
whose body was found in a trunk at Pier
11. Bast River. Except for the fact that
73 Mulberry street is on the block be
tween Bayard and Canal streets, where
Weisbard had an engagement at 1 p. m.
on Tuesday, which he did not keep, and
that ' the two men had had business
transactions together at the present time,
there appears to be no evidence connect
ing the mysterious disappearance of the
Italian with the "Weisbard murder. -
Californians in New York.
It is announced by the Society of Amer
ican Artists that an annual prize of $500
has been instituted by Andrew Carnegie
ond will be awarded by the Jury for the
most meritorious oil painting in the exhi
bition by an American artist, portraits
only excepted, the picture to be the prop
erty of the artist. The same artist may
not receive the prize in two successive
years and not more than twice in all.
Strange Disappearance.
In the suit against the copper company,
of which Qualey is president, the com
plainants seek an accounting for certain
funds, which, they say, were diverted by
the president from their . proper uses. In
the bill it is said that Greenough paid to
Qualey J15.WX) for the purpose of paying
the company's debts in Arizona and de
veloping its property there. .After de
positing this sum in the Seventh National
Bank of New York, It is said, Qualey
drew out and used the whole or a large
part of the money for other purposes.
Carnegie's Art Prize.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— A special to the
Press from Newark, N. J., says: Charges
have been- made against John A. Qualey
of New Vork in a suit instituted in chan
cery by "William J. Duane and Edward
W. Osgood of New York and David S.
Greenough of Boston as directors of the
Arizona Copper Smelting Company, a
New Jersey corporation, capitalized at
$1,000,000. A second suit, in which the
contesting parties and interests at • issue
are practically identical, -has been brought
In the same court by the John P. Kane
Company of New York against the United
States Carbonate Company.
Goes Ashore While Landing
Bluejackets to.Intercept
It Is: thought by '.Captain Gove that 'the
Flottbek was not: materially injured by
her rough experience. ; None of the crew
are known to be hurt.
"I had little opportunity to speak . the
Flottbek at sea or. at Port Townseiid "
said the captain, "but from what I learned
It seems that Captain Somaker was try
ing to make Umatilla lightship and war
misled from the .. fact that the ship was
not there. This : caused him -to get . in
among; the ' breakers before he realized
where he was. The weather was very
thick at; the time and the accident wai
unavoidable in my Judgment. I will be
very much surprised if some other mishap
of a similar nature does. not occur durln~
the winter storms unless the lightship ; Is
soon in place. " ; - '¦?S&S^8&&W&£*: .
SEATTLE, Jan. 17.— The tug "Wanderer,
Captain Gove, arrived in port this morn
ing from Port To wnsend, where she left
the German "shiD Flottbek after, rescuing
that vessel from the very jaws '.'of the
breakers of White Rock. •
From the Breakers.
SHIP HAS NARROW ESCAPE.
Tug "Wanderer Kescues.the Flottbek
HAVANA, Jan. 17.— A high north wind,
accompanied. by a heavy rain, was blow
ing this afternoon and the "Ward line
steamer Vigilancia, aground off the banks
of Colorados, about. eighty miles west of
Havana, wasvbroadside to it. The seas
broke over .the- vessel and' she pounded
badly. The weather is clearing this even
ing, but the wind continues, the seas are
still heavy and it Is feared that the Vigi
lancia will be. a wreck.
Position of- the Vigilancia.
LONDON, Jan. 17.-The British ship
Beechbank, Captain Buchanan, after ', a
voyage of 154 days from. San Francisco,
passed Kinsale to-day without her fore
topmast and • maintop gallant yards,
which, as reported before, were lost dur
ing a gale and tidal wave before the ves
sel reached St. Helena, where a Jury fore
mast was rigged and she continued on her
voyage.
Yards Blown Away.
The disaster to the Kalsart may have
been due to the hurricane which swept
over the island January 12, causing a
number of vessels to be driven ashore.
PORT LUIS, Island of Mauritius, Jan.
17.— The British steamer Kaisari, which
sailed from Rando on November 23 for
Reunion, has been wrecked at Reunion.
Twenty-five of the persons on board the
vessel, including the captain, lost their
lives.
Meet Death.
Twenty-Five of Those on the Steamer
IX) SS OF THE KAISABL
The Sybille is of 3400 tons displacement.
She Is 300 feet long, has 42 feet beam and
is 18 feet 2 inches deep. Her indicated
horse power is 9495. She was built in
1S90. Her armament consists of two 6
inch quick-firing guns, six 4.7-Inch guns,
eight 6-pounders and one 3-pounder and
five .smaller guns. Her complement of
officers and 'crew is 273 men.
LONDON, Jan. 17.— The' British Admi
ralty has received a dispatch from the
Commander-in-chief at the Cape report
ing that the cruiser Sybille, which was
port City of Cambridge. The disaster oc-
Boers, went ashore at Slembockfontein,
near Lamberts Bay.
A dispatch to the Standard from Cape
Town says: The Sybille is a total wrecl.
She has two large holes in her bottom.
One man was drowned and the others
were saved with difficulty by the trans
port City of Cabridge. The disaster oc
curred while the captain and several offi
cers were on s^ore.
FEARING THE WEALTH
OF THE AMERICAN TRUSTS
unite in common loyalty for. its best interests
-. C.-A. DUNIWAT.
vember 20. that he wished him to stay and
that he would not insist upon his resigna
tion unless Mrs. Stanford demanded it, he
answered:
"I merely meant to convey to Dr. How
ard my willingness to forgive him for
his infraction of the most common rules
of discipline. This was conditioned of
couree upon some sort of apology from
him. Since no such apology came I had
| but one course left open to me."
It will thus be seen that President Jor-
I dan accepts the entire responsibility for
Dr. Howard's dismissal, and that Mrs.
Stanford had absolutely nothing to do
with the matter.
President Jordan was highly gratified
by the hearty reception given him by the
students and feels that their decided
stand on the matter will do much to quiet
the situation.
Professor Duniway's Stand.
The students In the history seminary
this afternoon appointed a committee to
draft resolutions expressing their regret
at the resignation of Dr. Howard and
their keen appreciation of his worth both
ss a man and as a teacher. Professor
Clyde A. Duniway, who is the acting head
of the history department and the only
man there in it since Professor Spencer's
resignation, made public his statement ex
plaining his position fully. It is as fol
lows:
To the students of Stanford University: The
pn*«?nt extraordinary condition In the history
department seems to require some public state
ment. However unwilling a professor should
be to dlscups personal academic relations in
the newspapers. It may be useful to depart
from the rule of silence In such an emergency.
Several considerations deserve categorical no
tice.
FlrM-The rights of academic freedom are
fundamental in a university. No self-respect
ing man will consent* to have this freedom,
limited as the price of continuance In his uni
versity position. Despite recent events it is
Btill possible for a professor to' continue his
connection with Stanford University and retain
his freedom unabridged. CordlaJ assurance Is
given that the authorities will follow an en
lightened polio'. On all proper occasions, and
in every proper manner, the faculty of this
university, from the president to the humblest
member, muet and ', will voice their opinions.
Second — The men who have recently resigned
from this faculty are worthy of. all honor for
devotion to convictions of •duty. But the dif
ficult and complicated problems at issue pre-'
pent questions for every Individual to solve
for himself. There are many right solutions,
perhaps as many as there are individuals to
determine them. The men who remain at their
posts and continue their labors for the uni
versity may be able to serve the great cause
of learning and freedom Just as truly as those
who have chosen to make the strongest public
protest of which they are capable.
Third— Continuance in official relations with
the university does not necessarily imply in
dorsement of measures of the administration.
Many of the faculty. Juet how many is un
known, believe that the dismissal of Dr. Ross
was an act of Injustice to him and of serious
detriment to the best interests of the univer
sity. Many believe, too, that th« forced resig
nation of Dr. Howard was another grievous
error. Yet those of u* who hold and express
tree* opinions, and who still are willing to
do our work, do not feel stultified on that
account. We are using our legitimate freedom.
Fourth — There cannot be two opinions as to
the great loss suffered by the university
through the resignation of Dr. Howard. His
scholarship is most thorough. His executive
capacity has been a positive force, not only
In departmental matters, but also in university
affairs at large. His devotion to the interests
of his etudents has. been most unselfish. His
enthusiasm and moral power have been a tower
of strength. His downright honesty, his warm
ger.erwlty, bis high sense of honor are wholly
admirable. His colleagues revere him an an
Inspiring leader. . Ills Kudenta are his dis
ciples and loving friends. His work and his
Ideals will live In " Stanford University long
after his departure. All will yet be well with
this university and with the department he
served so devotedly If those of us who remain
can be true to his purposes.' - •
Finally— The work of the history department
Is not to be abandoned. • Its students. Its per
eeverlr.g members of ¦ Its faculty, new instruc
tors who may come to nerve here, all should
Accepts Responsibility.
When asked how he harmonized his ulti
mate dismissal of Dr. Howard with his
statement made to Dr. Howard on No-
"When seen later at his residence Dr.
Jordan was not willing to enter into an
extended discussion. He was worn by his
trip up from Los Angeles and wished to
have time to review the situation in its
latest phases before committing himself
fully. However, he was willing to an
swer the two questions which are of the
most interest to the public. Dr. Jordan
was first asked:
"Why did you wait so long after Dr.
Howard's outburst before requesting his
resignation?"
"I did not want to make any mistake,"
he replied. "Furthermore. I wished to
give Dr. Howard all the time I could, con
sistently, hoping that he would put him
self in such relation with the university
authorities as would make it possible for
me to retain him."
"Were you influenced by Mrs. Stanford
in forcing Dr. Howard to resign?"
"No." answered Dr. Jordan. "Mrs.
Stanford knew nothing of Dr. Howard's
dismissal until I cabled It to her."
Dr. Jordan Explains.
at night, and by common consent the stu
dents decided to meet him at the train
and welcome him home. The meeting
then adjourned.
Late in the afternoon Acting President
Dr. Branner declared that there would be
practically no interruption in the courses
taught by the professors who have re
signed. Professors Warren and Lapsley
of Harvard have accepted the positions
offered them in the department of his
tory and will be at Stanford within a
week.
President David Starr Jordan was met
at the station In Palo Alto on his return
by a crowd of 500 students, who had wait
ed two hours without supper that they
might express their gratification at his
return. His reception lacked nothing in
enthusiasm. Roman candles cast a lurli*
glare over the crowd as the overland
train, nearly five hours late, pulled into
the station.
As President Jordan emerged from the
car he was greeted with hearty cheers and
assured by half a thousand voices that
he was "all right." He was hurried
through the crowd and driven to his home
so quickly that the plan of the students to
unhitch the horses and draw his carriage
with their own hands was averted.
LOXDOX. Jan. 17.— The Earl of
Rosebery. responding to a toast
to hia health at the annual ban
quet of the Wolverhampton
Chamber of Commerce, spoke of
the "great commercial warfare being
wa^ed against England."
"The chief rivals to be feared," said his
lordship, "are America and Germany. The
Americans, with their vast and almost in
calculable resources, their acuteness and
enterprise and their huge population,
which will probably be 100.000.000 in twenty
years, together with the plan they have
adopted for putting accumulated wealth
into great co-operative syndicates or
trusts for the purpose of carrying on this
great commercial warfare, are perhaps
the most formidable.
"On the other hand, the Germans, with
their calculating and conquering spirit
and the energy with which they seize and
use the best and most economical meth
ods, are but less redoubtable than the
Americans.
"The Americans, scarcely satisfied with
gigantic individual fortunes, use these by
combination to make of capital a power
which, wielded by one or two minds, is
almost irresistible, and if this power is
concentrated ngainst Great Britain in
trade warfare it will be a danger we can
not afford to disregard. A trust of many
millions might compete with any trade In
England, underselling all her products at
a considerable loss. This is a possible out
come of the immediate future.
"A curious feature, if I may say so with
out impertinence, seems to be that in
combination with the faculty for the ac
quisition of money there is a complete
contempt for money except as a means of
making more and for power. These mil
lionaires of whom we hear so much are
often men of simple lives, whose simple
rule is to make enough accumulations in
order to acquire more power.
"England. In order to withstand inter
national competition, must thoroughly
educate her youth, and I would suggest
sending batches of young men abroad to
learn the best our rivals know."
Lord Rosebery prefaced his declarations
regarding commercial warfare with the
following observations:
"The enormous and constantly increas
ing armament of Europe may be the
means of preserving peace. In the first
place, this may be so because war is an
operation of such incalculable Importance,
Lord Rosebery Says That England Must
Heed the War of Commerce.
THE S^FR^CISCO CALL, FRIDAY; JANUARY 18, 1901^
LORD ROSEBERT, WHO FEARS
THE POWER OF AMERICAN
MILLIONAIRES. - "
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 17.-Immedlately
upon ; being relieved : of the command ,ot
Leagrue Island ' Navy. Yard next ¦ Saturday
Admiral Casey, with his wife and ¦ family
will proceed to San 1 Diego, CaL, where he
will meet . Admiral ; Kautz and ¦ , assume
command" of the Pacific station, with the
battleship Iowa, as flagship. ••.-. ...
Admiral Casey Coming'.
3
To Prevent the Grip -
Laxative IJromo-Quinlne removes the causa. •
.-•-_.'•; ADVEBTISEMENTS. . ' . .
A well-made swell-
made union-made
suit or overcoat
• To-morrow night we will close our clearance sale of suits and overcoats at
#6.4^, as the sizes and patterns are becoming broken. While at this writing we
have every size, we may not after to-day as the clothes are selling- fast So
come early— it's worth the call— suits and overcoats which were |io.oo and
$12.00 are reduced to
Everv garment is madeby union, labor in our own workshop and bears our
personal "Yeargood" guarantee in addition to the union label.
The suits are single and double breasted worsteds in good patterns of gray,
brown and olive, and also woolen cheviots in solid black and patterns.
The overcoats are principally box coverts in several stylish shades ; there
are a few Chesterfields (length to the knee), in fashionable weaves and colors.
During this sale we have been offering some worsted pants in stripes and
checks at
Sfel Q^
They were formerly $j.qo and $3 50, but we want to clear them out, hence
the reduction.
Udds and ends m J2b
boys' clothing' \S^
Last week we had a sale of odds and ends in lower- a^^^^^P\
grade do:hes. This week we have high-grade clothing in ' jSSSjfljSr I 1 WmJK
various lots of odds and ends at greatly reduced prices. r/fflfr 'Irl A
While there are. perhaps, only one or two sizes in one / i'OjIj *| mw\
pattern, the clothes as a whole represent all sizes. J i||l h YfSiS. l\
, Boys' suits, ages from 8 to 16 years, formerly $4.00, pillll ! Sffjpll]
$4.50 and $?.oo, now W»fAi liiwfw
Youths' suits, ages 12 to 19 years, single and double
breasted styles, prices were $800; $9 00 and $10.00 : now S^JffiS^^**^
Youth*' ulsters, ages 8 to 19 years, former prices j'Hjff l]il
Boys' shirt waists in all patterns, regular 2^c kind, iJWI ki|l]
marked down to a!' jjj [lj|l
15c each (Ill
Boys' golf caps in a great variety,
15c each or 2 for 25c 4^
Out-of-town orders fitted— write us.
718 Market Street.Jonathan. Sweigert Ia Accused of
Defrauding His Father's Heirs.
SAN JOSE, Jan. U.-The 1 suit of Mrs
Caroline a"5ainst her brother'
Jonathan Sweigert, for an accounting in
the estate of their father, A<*am Swei
gert, deceased, is being heard before
Judge Rhodes in. the Superior Court
About $120,000 is involved. In the wili
Sweigert was named as executor of th"
estate of his father, whose business he
had transacted for years. Mrs. Schmoll
and the children of a deceased brother
Adam Sweigert Jr., charge that; Jonathan
Sweigert exercised undue ? influence over
their, father. ; and In this way obtained
possession 'of , large . sums of money which
he now holds, at is alleged that Jonathan
Sweigert sold a piece of property on Kear
ny street, San Francisco, for.- his ¦ father
for $97,500. and that since 1897 he has col
lected $10,000 a. year rents for the estate
and that he;has these sums in his Dos*
session. They; admit he paid out $15 000
to the, children of Adam Sweigert The
balance of the , money , they want ¦ turned
into the #state. -.- ;-f^' . • ¦¦ . ¦ •
The » case Is being heard before Judge
Rhodes without a juryn The matter will
be^hotly. contested and. a couple of weeks
will be occupied in the trial. <To-dav was
occupied in reading' the deposition of.Mro
Caroline Schmoll. - ' ¦• .
nayl of Portland.
Throiiffh her former hus
band nbe became . the ponnen
sor of nearly 500 acres of land
in Colnsa County, to vrhlch
nhe attached bnt little -value.
Some time ago aho heard that
oil had been fonmJ In that
.section, and refused to. sell
her land at a price Trhich had
formerly been considered fair.
Very recently she has been of
fered 9OO an acre canh for the
land and a royalty of 1O per
cent on the oil taken there
from, by a syndicate Trhich
propOHcn to ' codiiumicc liorln if
oil rrells as soon as they can
seenre Mrs. Jenkins' consent.
It la probable that nhe .^tHH
accept the .'offer, though nbe
has not yet formally done so.
-•¦Mrs. Jenkins is the rrlfe of
the ontjpoInK Secretary' of
State of Washington. Mr. Jen
kins turned over his office this
vreek, and it U likely that he
1 .and 3Irn. Jenklnn Trill go to
I California to Investigate the
¦ oil situation .for themselves.'
SCHMOLL CASE OPENS.
TACOMA, Wash.. Jan. 17
The development of oil flelds
In. Colnna County-, California,
promises to brlnsr a largre for
tune to Mrs. William D. Jen
klnn of Olympia. Mrn. Jen
kins wn« formerly Mrs. K, J.
LANDS MAY
YIELD HER
A FORTUNE
Buried on a Mountain Top.
BAN JOSE, Jan. 17.— An Inquest was
held over' the remains, of Arthur. Sable,
who at one time was, a member; of the
Oakland police force, in his cabin to-day,
forty miles northeast of Mount Hamilton.
.The deceased ; had lived a lonely . life '_ fdr
nearly twenty/years. His place was at
the head of Mocho Creek. It was known
as Camp Besse and had been a rendezvous
for Oakland; and; San Francisco j:sports
men for many year*. Sable was. 70 yeaps
of age. He had been a . sufferer . from
asthma and was found In a dying .and
famished condition by a passer-by a; few
days ago. He had selected a burial place
iome .years , ago on '. '. the i top .; of " a - high
mountain, and after., the- Inquest : to-day
his body. was laid to rest there.
Dr. riiKnii. provincial; health
offleer, in' n report made y«?w—
terday upon typhoid fever
ninl sanitation, to . the Lien
tcmint' Governor In councili
ninkcR MtnrtllnK . »tatement«
rcKardinjr methods adopted hy
Chinese market gardener*,
fie naym that !><> per cent of the
typhoid infection found In
families occurred whore It
was the caatom to buy yesre
'tnblcit from-Chlnene. . Cnntlnu-
Inff, the report ways t
- "Xovr, It is not generally
known, lint it - in u fact that
vPKctalilm often do carry- in
fection. Of course, most 1 vege
table* are pnrlfied by boll-
Iiik, bnt mniij-. nnch' as mil
nds and celery, are served
ran'. This, no ilnulil, Is the
canar of n^ore tronble .than
in Kenernlly nuppoaed, and,
therefore, I thoaffht It my
duty to visit some of the ftar
dena nnppl > Iiimt Vancouver. I
only visited Chinese gardens,
and am satisfied that shonld
the pntronn do the name they
will make a change. In many
of them pltrs are kept. There
Is not a pretense of keeping:
the places clean. The penn
are nlmply an abomination;
the yards jnst as bad. This is
bad,, bnt not hi tin compared to
the dirty habit. all thene Chi
nese hare of preserving the
animal acids for the fertlllisa
' tlon and'Trbltenlnf? of tckc
\ tablen. Each garden ban a bar
¦ rel nlways fnll of Vinimal
'. n.clds,* tvhich Is allowed - to de
, coiupone no that plenty of
' ammonia develops. The
' Vegetables are then freely
' sprinkled with them."
VASC.OUVER, B. C. Jan 17. —
FILTH KING
IN GARDENS
OF CHINESE
LONDON, Jan. 18.— Lord Roberts, who
was entertained privately at dinner last
evening by the United Service Club, the
guests including the Prince of Wales, the
Duke of York, the Duke of Cambridge
and some three hundred officers, has is
sued from the War Office a stirring ap
peal to the country for a prompt re
sponse to the call for 5000 yeomanry,
whose past services he highly commenis
to the gratitude of the nation.
The authorities continue to hold a hope
ful view regarding the South African sit
uation, but they seem to recognize that
vigorous measures are necessary.
The proclamation of -martial law
throughout almost the whole of Cape Col
ony, Lord Kitchener's strong measures
against the population of the republics,
the placing on reduced rations the
wives of men in the field and similar,
measures go to show that there is heavy
work. , *
British offensive operations have ceased
tor the present. It is supposed that Lord
Kitchener Is collecting his strength for a
final effort to crush or to capture the f
commandos by a repetition -of the tactics'
which caused the surrender of General
Cronje and General Prinzloo.
It is alleged that the Boers who are
concentrating at Carolina'and Ermole are
preparing to descend into Natal.
The casualty list issued yesterday shows
that the Boers have released 297 British
who were captured at Helvetia and Bel
fast. The facts regarding the captures
at Belfast have not been allowed to
transpire.
It is asserted that more heavy naval
Great Britain Again Decides to Adopt. Most Vigorous
Measures in the War Against the Boers.
part of Cape Colony except the districts
of Cape Town, Simonstown, Wynberg,
Part Elizabeth and East London. It has
also tteen proclaimed in Tombuland, Grl
qulland East and In East and West Pon
doland. It has been proclaimed unlawful
for any person in the Cape peninsula, ex
cept officials and regular or order troops,
to possess arms and ammunition or either.
A Pretoria special says: Boer families
and their stock are being systematically
brought into convenient centers from all
over the country. They are kept in camps
and fed. Those who surrender voluntarily
are supplied with full rations, and those
whose husbands are still in the field are
provided for on a reduced scale, but raiBed
when the husbands surrender to' a full
allowance.
BOERS LOSE HEAVILY.
Make Two Unsuccessful Attacks on
, Col ville's Column.
STANDERTON, .Wednesday. Jan. 16.—
Colvtlle's mobile column, marching from
New-Denmark to Vladlaagte, was attack
ed by 1000 Boers, divided into two forces.
One force made a determined attempt on
the bf.ggage and the other on the cav
alry constituting the rear guard. The cav
alry were compelled to retire until pro
tected by four companies of rifles, hidden
behind a ridge, who were waiting with
bayonets. 'The Boers then made a speedy
retreat, leaving several dead and wounded
from the »heavy British fire/
Eventually both attacks were repulsed,
the Beers losing heavily. The British were
not able to pursue the Boers owing to the
necessity of protecting their baggage.
Their casualties were one killed and fif
teen wounded.
gurrs will be landed at the Cape. Infor
mation as to the doings of the invaders
is hard to obtain, but it is clear that they
are getting very* little help from the
Dutch. Twice they attempted to capture
Barkley East, but both times they were
repulsed. For three days they occupied
Sutherland, but they cleared out on the
approach- of a British column. I Small
scattered parties are reported operating
in various parts of the Ceres district. Ap
parently the. invaders abandoned the idea
of attacking Clanwllliam on finding the
town well defended. A commando of IOiXJ
has been active in the Richmond district,
but there the Boers have secured only
100 Dutch recruits.
The stop-the-war committee to-day is
sued a statement saying:
"Orders which a British officer reports
he received reveal the adoption by Lord
Roberts and Lord-»Kitchener of a policy
having for its aim the extermination of- a
heroic nationality by starving its women
and children and the deliberate massacre
of unarmed prisoners."
Th© latter clause alludes to General
Kitchener's alleged secret orders to Gen
eral Dewet's pursuers to" take no pris
oners. - - .-¦.:--. / ; ,
Copies of letters from; an unnairieU Brit
ish army officer containing these and other
charges will be sent by the committee to
Lord Salisbury. Lord. Roberts and others.
A Standerton special says; Boer women
brought In. by-the_milltary - report that
William Steyn. who was appointed a dele
gate of the Boers here to ask the fighting
Boers to surrender under Lord Kitchener's
proclamation, was made a prisoner and
sent to Pletrewiff, accused of high trea
son. The Boers are still active around
Standerton.
A special from Cape Town says: Mar
tial law has now been proclaimed In every
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— This was an
exceedingly dull day in the House. The
entire day was spent upon the bill to re
vise and codify- the postal laws, which is
to be the continuing order, not, however,
to interfere with, appropriation bills or
conference reports, until disposed of. It
is a bill of 221 pag-es and is simply a re
vision of the existing laws. Some disposi
tion was manifested to inject into the
measure some amendments to the present
law in the interest of certain classes of
mail employes, but such attempts were
successfully resisted. Ninety-three pages
of the bill were completed to-day.
The House, without preliminary busi
ness, went into committee of the whole,
Lawrence of Massachusetts in the chair.
Loud of California, in charge of the bill,
made a brief explanation of the provisions
of the measure and explained In answer tb
many inquiries thuit the bill made no mod
ification of existing statutes regarding
railway mail,' salaries of railway mall
clerks or any of the mooted questions re
garding the postal service.
The bill was then read for amendment
under the five-minute rule. Hepburn of
Iowa moved to strike out the provisions
requiring: that the four Assistant Post
masters General should be confirmed by
the Senate. Hepburn paid the confirma
tion of those officials bylhe Senate simply
crippled the appointing power of the PreB
ident and placed it in the- power of the
Senators to "hold up"- the executive in
the matter of appointments. The amend
ment was lost.
W. A. Smith offered an amendment to
classify letter carriers as first, second,
third and- fourth class and pay them' at
the rate of $1200. $1000. $800 and $600 per an
num respectively. He made an impas
slonedxppeech In support of the amend
ment, which he said would do only scant
Justice to one of the most deserving class
of Government employes. Mahon, Repub
lican, of Pennsylva ila, replied with an
equally earnest appe-al against Increasing;
the salaries of Government employes. He
declared that for the same class of work
the letter carriers were the best paid men
in the nation. Loud urged that the pre
sentation • of such an amendment to the
pending bill was Inopportune, but said he
was willing to allow the proposition to go
to a vote without debate. The vote re
sulted: Ayes 19. noes 33.
Smith made the point of no quorum. -
The committee then rose and at 5:45 the
House adjourned.
No Changes Regarding Rail
way Mail and Other
Mooted Questions.
HOUSE TAKES UP
THE POSTAL BILL
ROBERTS APPEALS FOR PROMPT
RESPONSE TO CALL FOR TROOPS
SALT LAKE, Jan. x7.— This waf a busy
flay in the National Livestock Convention,
and Fuch substantial progress was made
That It is likely an adjournment will be
Taken to-morrow in accordance with the
original programme. The following me
morial to the Senate of the United States
was adopted:
To the Honorable the Senate of the United
States: Your orator, the National Livestock
Association, respectfully represents unto your
Jionorable body that It is an association com
l«sed of one hundred and twenty-six livestock
and kindred organizations, all directly inter
ested in the production, marketing and dispo
sition of livestock, and whose holdings thereof
represent an investment of over JGOO.OOO.OOO.
Tour orator. In annual ppsslon arsembled at
t=a.lt Lake City, Utah, Quires to enter its em
1'hatlc i>rot<*st against the enactment of what
la commonly known as the Grout bill ili. B.
"17). and in behaJf of its protest desires to
j-eeord a few of the many reasons in support'
<jf its contention.
This measure is a species of clans legislation
of the roost lniqultuu.* and dangeroui kind.
<aJculated to build up one industry at the ex
jHjnse of another equally as important. It
i-'-« Ks to impone an urjust, - uncalled for and
unwarranted burden upon one of the principal
Industries of the country for the purpose of
prohibiting: it» manufacture, thereby destroying
competition, as the manufacturers cannot as
sume the additional uuidens sought to be Im
posed by this rm-asure and > sell their product
!n comj>etltlon with butter.
The passage of this law would destroy the
demand, except for export, of that product of
the beef animal, oleo oil, of which 24,000.000
pounds was used during the year 1839 In the
manufacture of oleomargarine, and would also
•erlously injure the hog industry by a similar
destruction of the demand, except for ex
port, of neutral lard. 31.QuG.0uG pounds of which
•was used In the year 1*!"9 in the manufacture
«>f this food product, and by thus eliminating
the demand for these legitimate articles of
commerce force dealers to seek other channels
for their disposition at greatly reduced prices,
thereby entailing a loss to the producers of
II— Hitlt of the I_'nit?'J States of millions of
rf. 'liars annually.
The measure seeks to throttle competition,
*nd if enacted will render useless the im
mense establishments « rected at great expense
f«tr the manufacture of oleomargarine, deprive
thousands of employes of opportunity to gain
*¦. livelihood and deny the people and especially
the workingnien and their dependencies of a
wholet-ome article of diet. In oleomargarine
• v«*ry large proportion of the consumers of
this country, especially the working classes,
r>p.ve a wholesome, nutritious and satisfactory
article of diet, which, before its advent, they
were r.bliped. owing tc the hiplt price of but
tei* and their limited means, to go without.
Tour orator contends that it is manifestly
unjust, unreasonable and unfair to deny manu
tmturers of the product of thf. beef animal
and the heg the same privileges in regard to
the use of coloring matter thai are accorded
thr manufacturers of the proiurt of the dairy,
;. ; 1 that the rights and privileges of the pro
ducer* of cattle and hogs should be as well
r»4-p«-cted 'as those of otlrtrs, and as they are
»1'» beneficiaries in the manufacture of this
wholesome article of food they should not be
burdened with unnecessary and oppressive spe
«!«1 taxe* or needless restrictions in <h; manu
facture of this product, other than Is abso
lutely necestary for the support of the Gov
ernment and the. proper srevt-j nmental regula
tirpn surrounding the handling of the same.
Your orator respectfully contends that these
products should recei.-e at the hands of Oon
«rrets no greater exactions than those imposed
upon competing food products, and that the
n anufacture and sale of oleomargarine is al
ready surrounded by numerous safeguards,
which Congress to Its wisdom has seen fit to
(irovide. rtipulatin* severe punishment for sell
n? t)ie same v:-A r misrepresentation as to
its composition. aT~d that this product has by
i experience rroven to be jwt what a large
majority of the people of this country want,
and that none but the dairy and allied inter
ests are asking for or peeking any further
I- eolation In this matter and their indorse
ment of the proposed legislation Ik purely- and
simply selfish.
In <-onciuflon your (Orator, In behalf of the
producer? and consumers of this Rreat country,
silemnly protest* against the enactment of the
Orout bill or of any other legislation calcu
lated to entail an enormous Ioee on the live
ftneit producer* of this country, to ruin a great
industry and to deprive not only the working
( ia*see. but many others, of a cheap, whole
some, nutritious and acceptable article of
food.
THE NATIONAL. LIVESTOCK ASSOCIA
ITION. JOHN W. FPRINGER. President.
By C. F. MARTIN, Secretary.
The discussion -of the Grout bill, which
was before the convention when adjourn
ment was taken yesterday, was then
taken up.
At the afternoon session a number of
resolutions from the executive committee
were read and acted upon.
The question of sheep-grazing on forest
reserve." was brought up In a resolution,
which *-xpr»»f"sed the sense of the conven
tion that the forest reserves should be
thrown open lor the prrazinp of sheep,
rattle and horte?. under careful restric
tion and safeguards as would prevent any
injury to forests.
The matter of uniform Inspection was
brought up through a subcommittee of
the executive committee, which reported
that It was found that the Patrick bill,
looking to the establishment of uniform
inspection, was the most commendable
for the purpose indicated . The report
wrf inrorped by the convention.
The question of land' leasing was
brought up In majority and minority re
ports which made no special recommenda
tion, and on motion of Cowan of Texas
both reports were laid on the table, the
effect being to eliminate the matter from
the proceedings of the convention.
Colonel John P. Irish of California and
ex-Een^tor Carey of Wyoming delivered
addrespep on <he question of land leasing
and the livestock Industry. :
It was; proposed to raise a fund of JJO.OOO
to fight the Grout bill. SubFcrlptions were
opened and $8G09 subscribed. Plodpes were
made sufficient to make the amourh pood.
The convention then adjourned until to
morrow. I
Livestock Association Sends
Strong Petition to
Congress.
IN OPPOSITION
TO GROUT BILL
THE latest scheme for bringing
hordes of cheap laborers from
Asia to the American conti
nent surpasses In Its reach all
enterprises of a 'similar char
acter hitherto planned. '¦ In
brief, the promoters of the
scheme have obtained from
the Government of Mexico a vast eonees
fIod of fishing privileges and lands adja
cent to the fishing grounds. They propose
to bring a million Chinese to Mexico and
*"Ftablls,h fisheries, canneries and ware
houses all along the Mexican coast.
Yesterday information reached The Call
to the effect that special efforts were be
ing: made to Induce rich Chinese merchants
lo invest their money in the stock of -the
Pacific Charter Company. Alluring cir
cular* were distributed to leading mer
rhants. Inquiry disclosed the fact that
njjents claiming to represent M. F.'Tar
pey, the well-known Democratic states
man and ardent advocate of exclusion doc
trine, were soliciting rich merchants 'in
<"hinatown to subscribe to the capital
nock of the new company.
When it was considered that an exclu
sion act to exclude Chinese in Mexico
from coming into California could not be
enforced without the assistance of an
army of watchers or patrolmen. The Call
<lcrmed the story worthy of diligent inves
tigation. It was ascertained as an inci
dent Of the inquiry that a new steamship
c-onrpany was recently organized. Articles
of Incorporation were filed- in the County
Clerk's office December 15, 1900^ The term
The purposes of the company are: First
—The building, ownership, and
operation of oceanic steamships and for
the conducting of lines thereof, between
ports of various countries of the world.
Second— For the building, ownership,
chartering and operation of coastwise
steamships and for I the conducting of'
lines thereof along the coasts . or in the
waters of various countries of the world.
Articles four and five provide for the
transportation of passengers and freight
and for the buying, selling, dealing in and
trading in all kinds ot merchandise. The
remaining articles dtal with the general
business of the companyt including the
.making of contracts, negotiating loans,
purchase of Inventions, etc. /
The designs of the new company, not
being fully disclosed in the official articles
of incorporation, Tha Call obtained a copy
I of the circular printed in Chinese char-
I acters and procured a translation thereof.
To the rich merchants of Chinatown Mr.
Tarpey and his associates gave the true
inside business.
The value of, the vast concession in
for which the corporation . Is to exist la
fifty years. The incorp'orators are:
Michael F - . Tarpey, Alameda; I* K.
Kentwell, Honolulu; 'John E. Bennett.
Berkeley; Arthur. B. Tarpey, Alameda; K.
E. Harrington, Oakland. The capital
stock is $12,500,000, divided into 500.000
shares of the par value of $25 each. The
amount of stock actually subscribed is
$125, each of the Incorporators holding one
share. •
Mexico Is fully set forth In a style cal
culated to excite the admiration of the
dullest Chinese coolie. The-climate of
Mexico is extolled. The fishing grounds
are declared to be the finest In the world,
and a hint is conveyed that Mr. Tarpey
knows all the good fishing places.
'Mention is made "of the significant fact
that the promoter of the Pacific Charter
Company jand , President Diaz are close
friends, and as a result of that friendship
the Chinese will be welcomed to Mexico.
Following is a- free translation of the
circular:
"The Pacific Charter Company proposes
on behalf 'of the Mexican Government to
encourage Chinese as well as Europeans
to come to Mexico and. have special priv
ileges. At present there is but very little
commerce between Mexico . and Asia and
a new "steamship company is needed to
take hold of the' trade and .build it up.
The Pacific Charter Company of. Mexico
has made a contract to open a new steam
ship line between Mexico and China and
all goods from Mexico to China will be
shipped on this line.
"THERE IS PLENTY OF BOOM
"According to concession or contract
the Mexican Government promises to
give the ''Pacific Cha.ter Company all
rights to fish on the Mexican coast Uns.
This concession includes salt fish, dried
fish and shrimp and canping. To do thi3
great fishing business Chinese are desired.
These fishing grounds are good, large and
wide.
Translation of a Chinese Circular Asking Rich Mongolian Merchants of San Francisco to Subscribe to the Capi
tal Stock of the Pacific Charter Company Discloses the Scope of an Enterprise in Which M. F. Tarpey! the
Friend of President Diaz, Is Heralded as the Chief Promoter-»Artieles of Incorporation Filed Dee. 15, .1900
The company gives the foreman license
to flsh and shows him where to ftsh.
"The company cannot buy the fish or
import Chinese goods into Mexico. Th*»
Chinese merchants In San Francisco,
through the foremen, do all this. AH the
company wants is the freight.
"The rules are:
"First— The fisherman roust get for him
self tea. rice, vegetables, clothing and
goods fronfihe foreman or Chinese mer
chants. The Pacific Charter Company fd
not after that kind of business.
. "Second— These necessaries will be car
ried by the company. The freight charge*
will be cheap. Other than the fishermen
and merchants will have to pay higher.
"Third— When the fishermen begin work
they must make a contract with foremen
to Buy their Implements from Chineso
merchants. If not. the contract is broker.
"Fourth— The Chinese merchants mu.U
buy the salt or dried fish besides canne-1
fish or otherwise the foremen will take
charge. Acapulco and all other stopping
places for the ships w\ll have warehouses.
Canneries will be established all along th«
coast and the company will have a small
steamer to visit the canneries every weelc
to take the dried anil tish to Aca
pulco."
The remainder of tho circular sets forth
in Chinese language that Chinese mer
chants are invited t<> subscribe to thn cap
ital stock of the Pacific Charter Company.
It seems that the number of shares al
lotted to Chinese merchants and th*» Six
Companies is forty thousand and the prica
per share is $23.
FOB A MHLION CHINESE FISH
ERMEN.
"There is plenty of all kinds of fish and
shrimp. Near the beach the land i3 very
rich and one can raise all kinds of vege
tables, fruit and sujar cane and coffee.
"The climate is very good and warm,
like that of Hongkong. The rainy season
is good and does not leave the surface of
the ground mushy. There is no sickness.
There is a space of four thousand mllca
of Pacific coast in Mexico.
"The president of the company. M. V,
Tarpey, has resided .n Mexico about ten
years. He is a friend of the Mexican
President and his officers and knows all
the fishing places. He knows all abou;
land and water rights, having traveled
several years in Mexico.
"The Pacific Charter Compam' has made
a contract with China and the Mexican
Government to admit free of duty for
fifty years all Chinese necessaries, such
as tea. rice, etc. In one year steamship*
will be running between ports in Mexico
and to China. There is a steamship com
pany in this city now willing to take both
fishing and expof ting business. The name
of the company is the Pacific Charter
Company.
"Rich men from New York are in th>?
steamship company, but the laborers and
fishermen are expected to come from
China. The fishermen from China are
expected to come In groups of fitceen SO
twenty, each group to have a foreman.
Decide Upon Course
of Action.
INSTRUCTIONS
FOR CONGER
—r*
President and Secretary Hay
Special IMspatch to The Call
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., s WASHINGTON. Jan. 17.—Consider
ation is being given by the President and
Secretary Hay to instructions to be
cabled to Minister Conger for his guid
ance in the negotiations for a permanent
settlement of the Chinese question. As
¦practically determined upon, the pro
gramme to be followed in the negotia
tions contemplates the immediate car
rying out by the Chinese Government
of the demands which require no further
discussion; the determination of extent of
and method of punishment of responsible
authors of Chinese outrages; the amount
and method of payment of indemnity;
and finally the revision of the treaties
with China. Discussion relative to the
punishment will relate to the ability of
China to impose harsher punishments
than she will probably propose, and the
designation of a committee of allies to be
present when the punishment is inflicted.
This Government is still In favor of the
foreign Ministers agreeing upon the
amount of indemnity' China shall pay,
after which the foreign, Ministers will
distribute it among the allies, failing
which distribution is to be made by The
Hague Commission.
It has not yet been determined whether
the treaties shall be revised by each
nation separately or by the nations joint
ly, aa this matter will have to be settled
by direct negotiation between the powers.
Suspends Publication.
SAN~RAFAEL. Jan. 17.— The Dally In
dependent. F. L. Bowen proprietor, has
suspended publication and will be con
tinued as a weekly.
TOASTS THE POPE
AND THE QUEEN
Earl of Denbigh Presides at Banquet
of the Catholic Asso
ciation.
LONDON. Jan. 17.— The Earl of Den
bigh, presiding this evening at the ban
quet of the Catholic Association. Instead
of the Duke of Norfolk, who ia ill with a
cold, proposed: "The Pope and. the
Queen. He said:
"We join the two because we regard
spiritual welfare as taking precedence of
temporal welfare, but we are not the
less .loyal subjects."
BAILEY WILL
BE EXONERATED
Texas Congressman Gives
His Testimony at the
Investigation.
Special IMspatch to The Call
. AUSTIN. Tex.. Jan. 17.— Congressman J.
W. Bailey to-day testified before the leg
islative committee which has charge of
the investigation of his connection with
the readmisslon of the Waters-Pierce Oil
Company, which Is the Southwestern
branch of the Standard Oil Company. Mr.
Bailey made an exhaustive statement of
his connection with that transaction. He
said that he exerted his Influence to se
cure the readmission of the company to
Texas at the request of Hon. David R.
Francis of St. Louis, who is his warm
friend, and that did not receive any re
muneration for his services. He con
ferred with Governor Sayers, Attorney
General Smith and Secretary of State
Hardy in reference to the- readmission of
the company in question, and his only ob
ject was to perform a service for his
friend. Mr. Francis, and to secure for the
State the business.
- Mr. Bailey gave the details of his pur
chase of the farm of 6000. acres from
former Lieutenant i3overnor Barnett
Gibtfs shortly lifter the readmission or this
company to the State. Mr. Francis was
Involved in this land transaction, and it
was charged that It was deeded to ilr.
Bailey in payment of his service in be
half of the Waters-Pierce Oil Company.
Mr. Bailey exnibited for the committee
all the papers relating to his purchase of
the farm, showing that this transaction
was in no way connected with his work In
behalf of the dl company's readmission
to the State. Colonel Glbbs also testified
corroborating Mr. Bailey's statement con
cerning the farm purchase.
Attorney General Smith testified as to
the legal phase surrounding the readmis
sion of the company.
The committee will probably make Its
report to the House to-morrow, exonerat
ing Mr. Bailey from all wrongdoing.
BIG STEEL AND WIRE
FIRMS TO COMBINE
Four Companies to Unite With a
Capitalization of Two Sun-
dred Millions.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— The Journal and
Advertiser will say to-morrow: The first
step in the formation of a $200,000,000 com
bination of four existing steel and wire
companies were taken yesterday after
noon at a secret meeting in- the offices of
the Federal Steel Company, which was
attended by the chief representatives of
the American Tinplate Company, the
American Steel and Wire Company, the
American Steel Hoop Company and the
National Steel Company. Another meet
ing will be held 'to-day (Friday). The
present capitalization of the four com
panies named is about $150,000,000.
Grocers Organize.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 17.— The Retail Gro
cers' Protective Association has formed p>
branch in this city and to-day elected the
following officers: Ney L.. - Donovan, pres
ident: C. J. Seibel, vice president; S. P.
Erwln. secretary and treasurer; E. A.
Wilson. D.- C. Page. L. A. Cooper, L. B.
Rhodes. B. M. Spencer and George W.
Wheeler, trustees. v-j/'*
SCHEME TO TRANSPORT ONE MILLION CHINESE
LABORERS FROM PORTS IN ASIA TO MEXICO
THE ,SA1^ FRANGISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 18, ilOO
M. F. TARPEY, PRESIDENT OF THE PACIFIC CHARTER COMPANY,
WHICH HAS BEEN INCORPORATED FOR THE PURPOSE OF COL
ONIZING A MILLION 'CHINESE COOLIES IN MEXICO.
I.OS ANGKI.ES. Jan: 17.— The last of a
gang. of youthful burglars who'for a time
led the police a merry chase received their
deserts .; this morning - in the Superior
Court," when Henry C.- Carson and Charles
Neimetz were sentenced; to five, yearstln
San Quentin. Their, companions, Bird and
Carter/were sentenced to, a similar term
In Folsom yesterday. Not one of the boys
is over nineteen and all pleaded guilty.
, Youthful Burglars Sentenced.,
STOCKTON. Jan. 17.-L. S. Kennedy, a
plumber of this city, left town last Fri
day,' saying that -¦ he ' was going to do a
"job of plumbing near Lathrop. Nothing
has been heard of him since, though he
declared • he would return the next day,'
and- the wife and mother of 'the missing
man .fear foul play. He took: a; kit of
tools with him. Inquiry In the: vicinity
of :.. Lathrop; has elicited no ,' information
concerning' him. " Kennedy is 33 years ; of
cge, of medium height and, weight, and
has four teeth missing from the upper
jaw:, ' ¦ ; y .-¦-'¦¦ r - '¦ '¦:¦"'> ¦;• .. ; ¦-
L. S. Kennedy, a Stockton Plumber.
Is Missing.
FOUL PLAY IS FEARED.
SANTA ROSA. Jan. 17.— A. Jury to-night
returned a verdict In the oase of George
Jim. the Flsk &HU» Indian charged with
assault with Intent to kill upon the .per
son of Louis Johnson. The defendant Is
found guilty as charged.
Jim Is Convicted.
SAN JACINTO. Jan. 17.— The San Ja
cinto Postofflce and Kaufmann & Co.'s
general merchandise store were entered
by burglars last night. Postmaster Munn
found the back window and door broken
open when he entered to send out mail atj
5:30 o'clock this morning. The safe and
four money drawers were robbed. Over
*200 in stamps and $130 cash were stolen
The Sheriff and bloodhounds have been
telegraphed for. Kaufmann's loss is small
Stamps at San Jacinto.
Thieves Get Away With Cash and
POSTOFFICE ROBBED.
LON'DOX, Jan. 17.— It is announced that
the large bequests made by Samuel I>wis,
the moneylender, to charitable organiza
tions, aggregating £950,000. are reversion
ary, going into effect on the death of his
widow. The will, however, directs the Im
mediate payment of £500 to the Prince of
Wales hospital fund, and of similar
amounts, aggregating-. £50,000,'. to various
Jewish charities.
His Widow First Sha.ll Have
His "Wealth.
London Money Lender Provides That
BEQUESTS OF LEWIS /
ARE REVERSIONARY
The Arab. Athenian, Pakling. Port Al
bert and Port Stephens are bound for
Seattle, and the others for San Francisco.
Unless further use is found for some of
them they all will, be discharged from
Government service on arrival at their
destination. The charter, prfce" of these
vessels ranges from $400 to 5000 a day, and
th_e_ daily cost of the entire eleven is
$5723. ¦ - ' — - .
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— According to
the records of the War . Department
eleven steamships chartered by the
Quartermaster's Department for the
transportation, of horses and mules to
the army In the Philippines and China are
now on their way to the Pacific Coast for
discharge, having reeved their time. They
are the Arab, Athenian. Pakling, Port
Albert. Port Stephens, Fedorica, Pack.
Wyefield. Connemaugrh, Lpclanaw and
Westminster. They all have left Naga
saki and are at different stages of the
Journey across the Pacific.
Pacific Coast Will Be
Eeleased.
Steamships Now' on the Way to the
ELEVEN TRANSPORTS
TO BE DISCHARGED
While the bill necessitates "contiguous
and compact" Congressional districts, it
will still be* possible for Legislatures to
redistriet the States as they see fit
within their limitations. Districts may
be geographically of irregular formation,
yet contiguous and compact. The amend
ment was intended primarily to prevent
outrageous gerrymandering in certain
Southern States where very long; circuit
ous and narrow districts were. carved out
for the purpose of including within the'r
limits as much as possible of the negro
vote. The bill was passed by the Senate
unanimously and without debate. -
WASHINGTON, Jan. lf.-The reappor
tlonment bill as passed by Congress con
tains a provision In the. form of an
amendment offered by the committee and
adopted in the House which will prevent
the worst form of gerrymandering of
Congressional districts," but not necessar
ilydo away altogether with that prac
tice. The amendment adopted to regu
late the formation of Congressional dis
tricts requires that "the^r shall be" of
compact and contiguous territory and as
nearly as practicable of equal number, of
inhabitants." -The purpose of the
amendment was to prevent the formation
of so-called "shoestring" districts and
other extreme forms of gerrymandering.
The ' amendment was objected to by
many Republicans and Democrats alike
on the grounds that- Congress had no
power to legislate on the subject. It was
contended, that the power of Congress
was I limited to the I apportioning ! of Rep
resentatives among the: several Status
and ; could not control the division o£
States into districts. That power rested
with the States alone. " The amendment
was nevertheless adopted by a vote of 12'J
to 110.
Effects of the Reapportion
ment Bill as Passed by
Senate and ftousa.
WILL PREVENT
GERRYMANDERING
4
To' Prevent the Grip *
LaxatiT* Bromo-Qulnin* ruaovu Uu c«uh. •
Night cJisappeais^^plp^^/pV |
Welsbach W^j^^^W^ 1 I
7/i Ip^ THE IMPROVED
y WELSBACH LIGHT
WITH GAS-SAYING REGULATOR |
Induces Cost of Lighting 8 syifo.
'?:. Take no substitute if you would have this saving.
¦ Va/ f ft tm
M «S HL am. Wk m and all dealersFavors New Lighthouse.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.-A bill provid
ing for the establishment of lighthouses
on the Alaskan coast received the favor
able consideration of the Senate Commit
tee on Commerce to-day. The bill appro
£riates $400.000 ; and authorizes the . flght
ouso board to locate tho. lights* ¦ . ,.
PULLMAN ESTATE MUST
PAT BIG COTJRT FEE
Increase in Valuation - Requires an
Additional Payment of Bfl
$2770.
CHICAGO. Jan. ./.—The estate of the
late George M. Pullman will have to pay
Into the Probate Court an additional
docket fee of J27T9. This order was de
cided upon by Judge Cutting to-day and
the addition will make the total docket
fees In the estate aggregate $10,370.
The second accounting of the executors
and trustees shows the value of the es
tate to have Increased to about $17,000,000.
Increase in the value of the estate is
due to Increase in value of assets held
by Pullman at th,a ttoa ot his flcaUa.
CORBIN, Ky.. Jan. 17.— Reports were re
ceived to-day that armed; men are mass
ing outside the town, representing the fac
tions In the feud that caused so much
trouble last night. The special train with
troops from Lexington. is due at 3 a. m.
No attempt was made to-day to clear
away the debris of the White building,
wrecked last night by dynamite. Every
one kept within doors, fearing further
trouble between the Shotwells and "Whites
before the troops arrived.
Fifty of the Chadwells from Clay Coun
ty went : to Grays station to-night, there
joining thtTShotwell faction. . Sheriff Sut
ter has sworn In a' large force of deputies."
The Shotwells occupy the hills near .the
town, while the "White forces are mostly
in Corbin. All the residences were barri
caded. ' Roch ; Whlte \ and ; Raleigh White
were arrested and taken to Williamsburgf.
BocJx ."WJUto Ja cripple^ ajaAjwy.l lps« both
eyes as the result of the explosion. It is
believed he will die.
The trouble between the two families,
which was precipitated by Raleigh White
killing the elder Shotwell. has been brew
ing many years. Mary Shotwell and
young White have been engaged, and not
withstanding the fact that her father Is
dead she expresses sympathy for White.
Mrs. White, the aged mother of the White
boys, is in a serious condition to-night.
Early this evening a number of mountain
eers .who were unknown to Corbin rode
to the outskirts of the town, fired their
Winchesters and then. rode away.
Sheriff Sutton attempted to-day to ar
rest the Shotwella, but was held off at
the point of Winchester. He states that
he will arrest all the boys to-morrow
when the troops arrive,: and he will have
over 100 deputies of, hla own. The Shot
w'ells wUl be charged with blowing up tfcg
White restaurant A public meeting at
the town hall to-night was addressed by
ministers and others.
Feudists Reported to Be Barricaded on the Hills Outside the City
of Corbin and a Clash Is Expected.
TROOPS HURRYING TO ARREST THE
FIGHTING FACTIONS OF KENTUCKY
WASHINGTON. Jan. 17.— As a
demonstration in honor of the
seating of a single Senator,
and^ as an elaborate and
beautiful floral spectacle, the
return of Matthew S. Quay of Pennsylva
nia to the Senate to-day was unique H
the history of the body. "Within the
memory of the oldest Senators nothing
led Senator Cullom's opponents to leave
him a clear field are not announced fur
ther than that all the candidates and' their
friends, after several conferences, agreed
that It would be difficult, if not impossi
ble, to defeat Senator Cullom. and that it
would be to the Interest of party har
mony as well as to their own Interest to
withdraw before the matter cane to a
vote before the caucus to-night.
BANK CASHIER STEALS
. FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
Stockholders Assume the Loss and
the Thief Will Not Be Prose
cuted.
BOWLING GREEN, Ky., Jan. 17.—
Luther A. Porter is 'declared to be short
In his accounts with the Warren Deposit
Bank of Bowling Green to the amount of
$49,000. Until recently he was cashier ot
the bank and a trusted employe. The dis
covery of the shortage has created a sen
sation. It has been verified on the books
by the officials of the bank,- and Porter,
it is understood, makes no denial. The
books simply call for $49,000 In cash that
Is not on deposit ln the vault.
The shortage was discovered about Jan
uary 1, but by maintaining silence the of
ficials have prevented a run on .the bank
until prepared to meet it. Depositors will
not lose a cent, and there is now money
enough ln the vault to pay every dollar of
the liabilities.
Porter is still ln Bowling Green. He will
be allowed " to remain unmolested. It Is
understood that he Is unable to make good
the shortage or any part of it. . The stock
holders have already assumed the loss
The sum of $50,000 has been charged off
from the surplus fund to meet it.
COWBOY LEADS IN THE
RACE FOR SENATOR
Ranchman Frank M. Currie Will
: Probably Represent Nebraska
: at Washington.
LINCOLN. Nebr., Jan. 17.— The man
who polls the. second largest number of
votes for the long term as United States
Senator from Nebraska to-day is a cow
boy and ranchman. His name Is Prank
M. Currie and besides his reputation as an
expert with the lasso and the branding
iron, he bears two college degrees of B. A
and M. A. His ranch comprises 4500 acres
of ' land ln Custer County and when at
home he spends > ; his : entire time actively
superintending it. He is a Pennsylvanian
by birth. Mr. Currie received twenty-two
out of - seventy-two votes to-day and fs
Aooked upon : as a: probable winner. He
wears a big cowboy hat, but otherwise hla
attitude ' is unassuming.
S.. M. CULLOM OF ILLINOIS.
REXOMINATED FOR SENA
TOR.
Thousands in the Senate Galleries Betoken Joy at the Triumph
of the Pennsylvanian.
approaching to-day's scene ever was wit
nessed in the Senate on a similar occa
sion. Quay's friends from Pennsylvania
came to Washington by the hundred to
witness his induction into office, and they
brought with them floral offerings liter
ally by the carload. While Quay's desk
and the desks of other Senators adjoin
ing his were banked with costly "and beau
tiful floral pieces, scarcely an apprecia
ble quantity of the profusion of flowers
his friends had provided could be dis
played in the Senate chamber.
The demonstration . accorded to Quay
when he entered the chamber amounted
to an ovation. While he was receiving
the congratulations of friends on tho
floor, the hundreds of persons who
thronged the galleries rose as one and
applauded him tumultuously. That Quay
appreciated this distinctly personal trib
ute was quite evident. He glanced smil
ingly around the galleries, nodding fa
millarly to friends whom he recognized
here and there. •- •;'..--
The brief ceremony of administering to
him the oath of office passed without spe
cial event, the president pro tem. having
warned those ln the galleries that it was
against the rules of the Senate for spec
tators to express either approval or dis
approval. *
CULLOM HAS A WALKOVER.
Opposition Withdrawn in the Race
for the Senatorship.
SPRINGFIELD. 111.. Jan. 17.-The Re
publican Joint caucus to-night unani
mously nominated Senator S. M. Cullom
for United States Senator. The contest
came to" an unexpected close about noon
to-day by the announcement that former
Governor Tanner and Messrs. Cannon.
Hitt and Prince had withdrawal from the
race, leaving Senator Cullom a walkover.
The announcement of Governor Tanner's
withdrawal came first and was. shortly
followed ¦¦ by announcements from the
other candidates. The exact causes that
PRESIDENT MAY NOT
GIVE OFFICIAL DINNEBS
Receptions Will Be Canceled Owing
to Mr. McKinley's Poor State
of Health.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— Although the
President's progress toward recovery
from his recent attack of grip has been
uninterrupted, It Is now probable that,
acting upon the advice of Dr. Dlxey, his
physician, the official receptions an
nounced for the winter, as well as *he
Cabinet dinners, will be canceled. One" or
two of the official dinners may be given
later ln the season, but it is believed it
would be imprudent for the President to
undergo the fatigue of a long rec»j»ilou
for some considerable time.
Wisconsin Is Accepted.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— The Xavy De
partment to-day formally accepted the
battleship Wisconsin, built by the Union
Iron Works of San Francisco.
Freeman "Becomes Brig-adier.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.-The Senate to
day confirmed Colonel H. B. Freeman.
Twenty-fourth Infantry, to be brigadier
general, U. S. A.
To Provide for Income Tax.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— Senator Mor
gan gave notice of an amendment he will
propose to the sjiip subsidy bill providing
for an Income tax.
Signed by ths President.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 17.— The President
to-day signed the bill making an appor
tionment of representatives in Congress
from the several States under the twelfth
census. : :«
DEMONSTRATION IN HONOR OF SEATING
MATTHEW STANLEY QUAY OF PENNSYLVANIA
accused the late Oscar Booz of feigning
to read his Bible when he had a novel
hidden inside the cover. After a long ex
amination by the committee, Prentice said
he believed he was mistaken, and Booz
might have been reading a lesson leaf or
a supplement to the Bible.
The other and more important witness
was Cadet Douglas MacArthur, of whom
the probers after facts about hazing had
heard a great deal since they came
here. MacArthur stoutly denied that he
had ever fainted or become unconscious
from violent exercising and insisted that
he had not been treated any more harshly
than his tentmate and several otfier class
mates. MacArthur's examination will be
resumed when the committee meets again
at 9 o'clock to-morrow morning.
When the committee resumed its session
Cadet James Prentice of New York was
called to the witness stand. Congressman
Wanger handed him a copy of the record
of the Military Court of Inquiry and asked
him to read the report of the testimony
which he gave at the military investiga
tion. After he had read it over. Prentice
was sworn and said that, with the excep
tion of a few typographical errors, the re
port was correct.
Prentice is the cadet who is responsible
for the report that former Cadet Booz had
secreted a novel inside of an open Bible
and was readins it. while, to all appear
ances, he was perusing the other book.
General ' Dick questioned the witness
closely In reference to this assertion. The
witness said that the book was a paper
covered French novel, but later on the
general made him admit that he could
not swear positively that it was. He also
had to acknowledge that it mighV have
possibly been a lesson leaf or a supple
ment to the Bible.
"To whom did you tell this?" *
"Mr. Burnett."
"He is the president of the cadet branch
of the Young Men's Christian Assocla
"Yes, sir."
"When did you tell him?"
"While the cadet football team was in
Philadelphia, on the first day of last De
cember."
"So you kept this incident to yourself
for over two year6 until you heard that
Mr. Booz was dead or dying?"
"Yes, sir."
"What brought up the recollection of
the episode?"
"We were all reading about Booz's
charges in the Philadelphia newspapers."
"What charges?"
"He had stated that he was killed by
the hazing he received In this academy."
rep4.ed the witness, who evidently did not
see the "bull" he made.
The witness told of being hazed by Ca
det Foy during his first year at the acad
emy. He was sick during the day prior
i« being hazed, and after he had done
twelve eagles he became faint and told
Foy that he had been 111. Foy let up on
him and scolded him for not telling of his
illness before.
"This," said Prentice, "made me very
careful ever since If I was hazing a man.
I never Interfered with a delicate looking
cadet. Booz was not a strong looking
man. and I always had a friendly feeling
for him and tried to advise him for the
better." •;
While making this statement Prentice
was visibly affected and his voice broke.
He seemed to be on the verge of breaking
down when In answer to General Dick he
said: "If I had known anything about It
beforehand I should never have allowed
Booz to be called out. I considered that
he was not physically fit to take part in a
fight."
Under Judge Smith's questioning the
witness became confused in describing the
difference between the spoken lie and the
¦acted lie in reference to "deadbeating" to
avoid hazing and "deadbeatlng" through
alleged devotional reading or exercise. The
witness was forced to admit that the book
he saw in Booz's Bible might have been
a religious publication. /
Before dismissing the witness General
Dick said: "Now, turning back to your
own experience as a fourth class man.
don't you think that a kindly hand and
an encouraging word from an upper class
man to a fourth class man would have
been a more beneficial one upon the plebe
than the rude, rough hazing to which he
is subjected?"
"Yes, sir; I believe It would," said the
cadet.
Congressman Wanger congratulated the
witness for the considerate manner in
which he had treated Booz in not report-
Ing him at times when he had an oppor
tunity.
Cadet Douglas MacArthur followed
Prentice on the stand.
Driggs, addressing him, said:
"Mr. MacArthur, we have had a mass
of testimony given here regarding the fact
of your having been hazed so violently
that you had convulsions. The commit
tee is desirous of having you tell in your
own way the manner ln which you were
hazed, the forms of hazing, the names of
the men who hazed you and the conse
quences."
MacArthur replied: "I had been about
a month in the summer camp of 1893 as a
'plebo' when the hazing, an account of
¦which I have read in the papers, occurred.
Like most reports of the kind, it was a
small affair, greatly exaggerated after
ward. My treatment was no more severe
than that given to others, and was in no
way calculated to place me in a severe
physical condition. I had no convulsions:
that report is entirely erroneous. I had
what you might call aggravated cramps
and lout control of my muscles. I most
emphatically deny that I was seized with
convulsions. I was not delirious nor out
of my mind. •
."The hazing took place in A Company
street. It was not my own tent: there
were other men there — Farnum. Haskill
and Cunningham, my tentmates. There
was a soiree and several of my classmates
were hazed on that occasion. The soiree
lasted about an hour. I got about 250
eagles, hung on the stretcher for two
minutes at a time and did some dips. It
was a very warm night and I had been
feeling 'und«r the weather' all day and
was rather weak. Jt. was dark when the
soiree began and I - perspired profusely,
but by 'taps' I was**all right again."
"Did you consider the treatment you re
ceived cruel at the time." asked Driggs,
who read the definition of the word from
a dictionary. ¦ «
'you still regard it &a orutlT*
WEST POINT. N. Y.. Jan. 17.—
The Congressional committee
held two sessions at the West
Point Military Academy to
day. The afternoon session
.p-sted a little ove"r an hour. The comrait
> e afterward attested a cavalry drill at
:he riding academy and after dinner they
n-ere entertained at a concert by the West
rv>int Military Band at the Cullom Me
r.orial Hall. A night session was to have
rrgun at 9 o'clock to-nigrht, but General
T>ick decided to postpone any further
tearing of testimony until to-morrow.
Four witnesses wore examined to-day.
The first was Cadet Prentice, who had
"Xow, tell us the names of the men who
were hazing you."
"Cadets Dockery and Barry."
Driggs tried to get MacArthur to admit
that he was seriously upset by the violent
exercises he was required to go through,
but the witness would not. He main
tained that he had cramps in the muscles
and had lost control of them. He denied
that cotton had been stunted In his mouth.
MacArthur was very positive ln his de
nials and the committeemen looked to be
very much surprised at the stand he was
taking.
SENATORS DE1TOT7NCE HAZING.
West Point Methods.
Vigorous Words by Statesmen on
WASHINGTON. Jan.^ 17.-Durlng the
day's session in the Senate the army re
organization bill was discussed at length
by Money (D.) of Mississippi, McComas
(R.) of Maryland and Bate (D) of Ten
nessee. The Mississippi Senator devoted
some attention to the practice of hazing
at West Point, which he bitterly de
nounced.
At 12:45 Foraker moved that the Sen
ate proceed to the consideration of exec
utive business.
Pettigrew protested that the motion
ought not to be pressed, as it was In vio
lation of a tacit understanding that the
army bill should remain under considera
tion until the vote'shall have been taken,
and Foraker withdrew his motion, Jones
of Arkansas appealing to him to do so.
Consideration of the army bill was then
resumed. Money of Mississippi speaking
ln opposition to the measure. He attack
ed that portion of the bill which confers
upon the President the discretionary pow
er to increase the strength of the army
as an abdication of authority' by Congress
that was unwarranted and inexcusable.
He admitted that the people did vote at
the November election ln favor of the
Republican policies. Including perhaps
that for a large army.
"But," said he, "is there to be no such
faith ln human nature as will suppose
that the people will not after a while have
a lucid interval?"
He argued that the people after realiz
ing the power placed ln the executive by
the pending bill and realizing that they
were to be saddled with a permanent
standing army of 100,000 men would re
verse the present conditions of things.
Money adverted vigorously to the prac
tice of hazing at the West Point Military
Academy, declaring it must be stopped or
the Institution must be abolished. He
said nobody could induce him to believe
that the way to make a good soldier was>
to "set a great big bully" upon a small
man to beat him. He did not refer, he
said, to horse play or practical jokes, but
to mob violence and cowardly brutality.
"I cannot understand," said Money,
"the motives of a lot of young men, all of
them schoiars of charity, who are paid
for taking their education, who get to
gether and mob another young man,
whose only crime la that he arrived at
West Point two or three years later than
they."
He declared that the man who hazed
others at the military academy would be
a tyrant and a despot with the men of his
command after he received his coramls
sion. He did nor believe "that the cadets
realized th^ contempt in which th<»ir ac
tions was held by the American pe'sple.
The practices there, he declared, must -be
abated.
"I think the Senator will be satisiied,"
interjected Proctor, one of the members
of the Military Affairs Committee, "when
he sees the West Point bill which will be
reported in a day or two."
Money, continuing, said: "And I do not
want to stop at the boys. Any officer or
instructor at West Point who counte
nances or winks at this practice of haz
ing ought to be dishonorably discharged
from the service."
McComas of Maryland, while giving the
pending army bill his approbation, be
lieved It ought to be amended ln some re
spects. He argued in favor of eliminating
the age limit as applied to the appoint
ment of officers in the regular army from
the volunteer service, urging that the
President be given discretion to appoint
any competent officer, irrespective of age
He. too, denounced hazing at West Point
Bate of Tennessee opposed the pending
bill not only because it conferred upon the
President authority which he thought
ought to be exercised only by Congress
but also because it created a permanent
standing &V.ny of 100,000 men. He urged
that it the regular army was increased
to IOO.vOO men it would never be reduced
in strength, as all powerful influences, so
cial and political, would work to prevent
the reduction. The building up of this
army and the authority conferred upon
the President by this bill, he said, were
the" longest strides ever taken in this
country toward "Imperialism."
Penrose addressed the Senate briefly in
support of an amendment he offered,
striking out of the bill all limitations of
age as applied to appointments of officers
in the resular army.
Without proceeding further with the
army bill the Senate at 4:65 p. m. went
into executive session and at 5:05 p. rn.
adjourned.
An Amendment to Enforce the Rules
WILL EXPEL HAZEES.
at West Point.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 17.-The Senate
Committee on Military Affairs to-day
adopted the following amendments to the
regular appropriation bill for the West
Point Military Academy: .
"Under, the direction of the Secretary of
War the superintendent of the United
States Military Academy shall make and
enforce such rules and regulations as
shall prevent the practice of hazing:, and
any cadet found guilty of participating in
such practice shall be expelled from the
academy and shall not be reappolnted to
the corps of cadets therein, nor to the
army of the United States."
CONGRESS IS DOING A LITTLE HAZING ON ITS OWN ACCOUNT, IF YOU TAKE FOR GRANTED THE ABOVE
CARTOON REPRODUCED FROM THE BROOKLYN EAGLE. IT'S NOT QUITE AS BAD AS THAT, BUT IT IS
VERY INTERESTING.
WAR CLOUDS
LOOM DARKLY
IN VENEZUELA
Scorpion Thougtit to
Be En Route to
the Republic.
Informed Tbat United States
Will Protect Interests
oi Citizens.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, S. "vV..
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— Venezuela has
been given to understand that the United
States wllll exert its wbole power if neces
sary to provide protection to American in
terests within its territory. Representation
to this effect has been made by Minister
Loomis in accordance with Instructions
sent to him as a result of disquieting news
received yesterday indicating that an at
tempt would be made to dispossess the
New York and Bermudez companies of the
asphalt property without due process of
law.
It is believed in naval circles that the
gunboat Scorpion has left La Guayra and
is on her way to Guanoco, a port on the
San Juan branch of the Orinoco River,
about fifteen miles from the asphalt lakes,
which are in dispute. Lieutenant
Commander Nathan Sargent, command
ing, will, if necessary, land marines, but
he will avoid bloodshed if possible.' Upon
a call for reinforcements the Hartford will
be directed to return to Venezuelan Wa
ters. The Lancaster Is available, and the
battleships Kearsa&e and Massachusetts
are at Pensacola.
Venezuela is not menaced by the United
States only, however. Great Britain Is In
terested in the seizure' of two steamers
of the Orinoco Shipping and Trading
Company, which have British masters.
In addition the country is in a state of fer
ment brought about by the activity of the
followers of former President Andrade.
whom Castro, the present President, over
threw.
Minister' Loomls cabled the State De
partment to-day that dissatisfaction with
the Government also prevails among Its
soldiers. Mutiny occurred among troops
stationed in the barracks at Caracas, but
was suppressed on Monday. The magni
tude of the outbreak Is not known, but It
is apparent that the soldiers are not
wholly in sympathy with General Castro.
As his power depends upon the force un
der him, Venezuelans opposed to the Gov
ernment will probably take advantage of
the attitude of the United States and
Great Britain to bring about a revolution
With this revolution the United States is
not concen-3d, except in any effect it may
have upon American interests.
At this moment the anxiety of the au
thorities Is due to the hostile attitude
adopted by General Castro with respect to
the wishes of the American Government.
Minister Loomls-- has told him distinctly
that the United States is not taking- sides
with either the New York and Bermudez
Company or the Warner-Quainlan-Sull!
van Syndicate. The New York and Ber
mudez Company has a concession from
which It can be deprived only by due
process of law. General Castro has been
Informed that before dispossession can
occur there must be action by courts, and
action the United State<s will insist upon
If dispossession does occur before such
reparation. : •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 18, 1901.
Witnesses Admit That Kind Treatment by Upper Classmen
Would Be More Beneficial Than Present Tactics.
CONGRESSMEN PROBING THE EVILS
OF BRUTAL HAZING AT WEST POINT
UNCLE SAM'S HOME AND FOREIGN AFFAIRS
SENATOR MATTHEW STAN
LEY QUAY OF PENNSYLVA
NIA.
5
To 'j Prevent the Grip
Laz&tly* Brotno-Qnlaln* removes ta» c*tu»». •
; ; THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOBTTJ1L | T^^^CTffrO^TOM-
""' _^___ ' ¦' | _ «m w— - \
8? __'*'_ EH |bbE| EH P»^^ XShETfe^S SI gy PaS terns and colorings
H By famous Em- |8 P^ m JZT „ —^ =* V lH j =
g porium Orches- W fiOfldeH *k.W& D2UE2LA.I*. **& ~ < '
if tra and Soloist. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE SOo.
iTo-Day's SpGGials.
g These items for Saturday also, if quantities prove sufficient. B : g after-stock-taking
g -price reduc-ip'ns in almost every department of the bis store. The special";
g attention of housekeepers is called to another of our popular 'Butter sales to-day •
g and Saturday. j
84f^^^.*! OT ' a SA'ESIj5tS|*iWB/«/ Sales Men's Clothing]
l%3L'$g!&2£%. flJf and Furnishings. j
*¦:•>: :.-, Ladies* union Unen corJed hems itched fi*) £zX gS * T °° J H Z '?\ *** "i
£ AK Handkerckfi, extr, sheer, ioc _ f=f f*f 1*W $i5-°o Winter Sack Sux»; ,
i ¦ /0*b\ vans-each.. .....:. 5C J^S J$L 3^ ** *** snglecr doubk '
S /W "®V feli<&V S h«r lawn lace edge- S^SMT^TX ffl\ «^ftf SSSsS*
X M^ Handkerchiefs, worth iU each >. 9O /\ ' 0/ ?A \, . . U/ taJorrd well .
•f -J0 ¦'-••' /v -%v Laiies* til Unen hemrtitched Handker- f i &aM^ f Y . , V / ""I 5 XI "- "^ • '
* W/ /f\\ W chiefs, extra fine quality, having slight JJ fW } ] J £?° l Ch^_\ Cassmcrc, i
* Y\^#^ m^uJ»tturex-. imperfection,, a nvsJng \f X $h " A TZ"* *^ *£"" '
8 \w£ thread or some similar bleinsh, worth >J>> F Xl \ m J xturcs - To effect ,
* /#/% \%\ day and Saturday.-...' _jA Lj ¦ Hfe\ f ""V,"* '
£ W7# W Ladies' all lnen hemstitched Handker- TA 'if WTW^^S^ $I2. 5 o and $, 5 .oo su.ts ,
ft W% j Y^ chiefs, v S rysh C :r and nicr, but also slightly \ I M U Y ~ ** * to-dayand Saturday j
£ VtJll -S impcr.-cct-to-day and Saturday, f§ / / SS& O 7S ]
jt* IO ° dof . en neon's all linen \\ Man's Overcoats Ono-Quarter [
tf Handkcrch'ef?, * corde 1 cdg*. full u Off — Your unreserved cho r ce of any Keney or ,
size, Irish make — on sprcial sa'e to-day and Saturday on'y, each . mmC B Covert Overcoat in our Clothing Department at •
•• ' ¦' tT^ i ~JT : " .:J^*'-i. \( onc-quart:r off regular prices; blur, black cr brown '
*>° Sbvg From One-Qu&rtet? to *u-"°°i k^ e y S and au iha&s of covert doth. ;
ti /Ima fiJT-»## TT*» !!«¦¦# *%mm V Some of these coats are silk l'ned thrjughout — all ¦
* Une-HaiT To-vay on of ttee coats wcre mAe by m s inufactnr _
g .. TheSe flrtlCieS* ing uUors in America. "
| Ladies' Neckwear Iia//#»WOO 25c Veiling, yard 9C Men *« FanCV Shirt 47c-W e
g. 75c Lap Boards.. 33O Ladies* $3.50 Shoes $2.37 cleaned out from the manufacturer a little lot
$ Bed Sheets 36G to 56G Uiitf $2. S oShoci ... .$1.69 (13 doxrn in all) of men's stiff-bosomed rfiJ] 1li^
£ Vol S^pinneis- * 'S. jtZ ¥** *4 Shoes. . . $1.09 W»* «* *\ ™« h > ™ ' WSM |
— ioc iennis 1 r.anneis .... . .4/2*3 „ f „ . JZ> stripes and figures, in prettv colorings, not all H( ITtt ! ' ¦ K
$ Lace Curtain? Aa// price . zoc Pompadour Comts tOO .«« (no 15), non: wo.th less than fl.oo / -#|ilJ Jfij .U
£ 65c Staged Shams. . . . .42C Picture Frames ea:h; to-dav and Saturday, if Jg -7^ 7//W' 1 * !i
J $2.50 Lades' Syringe*. $L2O OnO-fhlrU Off ' ;ty !a , t - t special ' p 'ric= £§• /C <SifMM : I
2» 45c Toilet Soaps 2 SO Fram-d Pictures 3 J r r c3r!r&(L$ I ;
tt 20c Mottled Funnels it c ono- quarter olf Men's Fanoy Susnenders— j
i£ ioc Printel Flanne's 7%O Turkey Feather Du'ters 19c a !al * to-morrow and Saturday. 1 !
gi B-f sell's $2.50 Carpet Sweipers. . . 70c French Coffee Pots 4-QO About 36 dozen, none worth less than Z5c; spe. I I
t? $1-89 65c Cocoa Door Matj 4& O cul 17O ijl j'| \A
K _ _ '-•¦- '-'y About 64 dozen, none worth less than 50;; spe- \\ }'\
I A Two-Bay Gtove Sale cial -• • **> umu m
Sl Women's extra strong and flex-
If ib'e dress Kid Gloves, pique y">5> — r~ §&am&4&%m9 Another of our popular butter sales, this
if t Z" t TT ftl^ r"' C /^./*T*3\ BSUSEGr timc for two davs _Friday and Satnr-
silk embtoiderel backs, fac- c ~~~~ /s^x/ >" "^ai 1 " 1 -ai-s: __ _ n ,. »
i- simile of the English Derby Cl_^f/// *)} SSStiGm d^"' teSt CeWierv BntkT < rC S u!ar
I( glove, in tons, browns, grays, . ///// \^^ *rmmm**M S( j UareSj f Qp *%g~-+
* modes and white, -js'Tth \/Y/// \^ SimOOS^^ .*9m9C
J» •$1.2'; a pair — on special //j/ '
% sa'e Friday and m£/^
V Satur Jay only. .. mm&Vj} StCmOti Oskt S— Special sale of "Morher's Brand," a delicious
K ; breakfast mush that se Is regu'arly for ioc a package; to-
i LiiiUOr Papt anr * Shorry WJne-Gcoi quaii- day and Saturday 4 packages *****
K m tits, regularly $ I -oo a gallon — to-day "9^^^^
V Ccl/eSi and Saturday'. '. fm&C
% WWsfroy-Champion brand, full quart tottles, regu- J** PBaH ButtOHS, J*^ !
K Ury $,.oo_t<wlay and Saturday ,-. £ «*i> <Lr £ BOZOi 8C. white Pearl Buttons, every burton
jf Domestic Porter — A high-grade article that Q-O^» perfect and cf ttindard we"ght, sizes 16, 18, 20, 2s and 24 < j
fl retai's regularly $ 1.25 per dozen— to-day and Saturday. . +7*9 %0 a: MtraC rdinary special price. . . .2 dozen for OC
J^ \ __^ .
1 To-Day— 7 Clear. Havana Cigars, 25c.
j£ The hjlanze of our 20,000 purchase — all colors — all in Ai condition. To-day and Saturday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
lill 1 i
ViSm I lip
m ffiWMm
1 <vr/> v '/0 ' y V'ff. // Wwhi i
uwaWWAMvM
}jj&y'/p/ -iA-h *^.f _^4[
i foldingbedI
:? Ef^?l-temr*r«vl sprints: "Ire tied. j
/) Ar. opportunity to e<?t a good bed for ?
little nioney. i
..SWEEPING BEDOCTIONS.. '
| In Furniture and Carpets. ;
;) Estimates on coxr.rlete house-fur-
« E^hln*? cheerfully given. Jj
K Kree delivery within 200 miles on '
n Kl worth ajid over. (
I T. Brilliant Fnrnitnre Co.,
I 338-342 POST ST., R£n
SHOES!
RETIRING
From Business
Dn Account of Hi Health.
The entire hlch srrade eh<v» stock of Richard
?ahl. 224 Kfsrny street, will be sold for less
;ha.n wholesale cost.
$3 00 Ladies' Fhoes for 82.OO
J2 50 Lakes' Shoes for Jpl.r.O
Ladles' Plain Toes Vicl 3«>c
Misff" end Children's. 2Sc. SOe and 75c.
W. L. Douglas" Shoe* reduced IS per cent.
ILL KEN'S SHOESJjREim.Y REDUCED.
/?. rAHL,
32-4- Kearny Street.
3E. W05G W00 TEA AND EESB BAKITAKIUK,
7C4-766 CLAT STREET.
/J5w 6an Francisco. Dec. 24, 1900.
[W»iSK«N To all wnom it may concern:
W yyt In December. 1899, I was taken
»C q tick with Black Typhoid Fever,
TlX y t^ e niost virulent type known to
tf»« JL medical science. I had hemor-
rhaees, both natal and intestl-
mVjfV>0iPfi9ty ral. eleht of the latter occur-
faA' f-V*\V rl E£ ln ore da J- Dr - Wong
'Wi.,i?-»^ \^ 00< t he eminent Chinese phy-
<ic!&n was called, and with one dose of his
.t-a stopped the Cow cf blood, thereby savins
r.y life, as I had been riven up by my white
•hyslcian. as well as by all my friends. Was
meoMCious four weeks, but by Dr. Wong Woo's
ronderful eklll he saved my life from this most
atal of all fevers. Although I wa» confined to
r.r bed three months, wu able to resume my
rocation ln six months from the time I went to
sfd, and now I weigh K2 pounds, more than I
ia<J ever attained previously. I would cheerfully
•eoommend Dr. Wong Woo to any one ln need
if a first-claee physician for any cause wbatso-
iver.— RAJUPH N. FOLKS. 215 Golden Gat»
tve.. Ban Francisco. Cal.
Buy and Try a Box Tonight
- While you think of it, go buy and
try a box of Cascarets Candy Ca-
thartic, ideal laxative, tonight- You'll
never regret it. Genuine tablets
stamped C. C. C. Never sold in,
bulk. All druggists, ioc.
D D TT O U 17 Q FOB BARBERS. BAK.
DrLlJoiTHO *•"• bootblacks, bath-
**¦"•''* *-'*** - * 1 * houses, billiard tables.
srewero, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
Syer«. flourmlils, foundries, laundries, paper-
Eangers. printers, painters, eboe factories, sta-
Dlemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCrtA.NAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento Si
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Por the cure of GONORRHOEA, GLEETS.
tTRJCTURES acd *aal'j&ou« compIUnU of ttu
Greens of Generation,'CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— J. B. Fetter
and Mrs. C. B. Jennings of San Francis
co, Mrs. Hepburn Wilkes and family and
Miss Nichols of San Rafael 'are at the
Ebbitt; Mrs. Josephine de Greayer, Sam
uel Knight, A. B. Costlgan, H. H. Dana
and wife and H. W. Holbrook of San
Francisco are at the Arlington; T. Dick
son and Mrs. Duerr cf San Francisco and
P. K. Wood of Los Angeles are at the
National ;• C. E. Worden and F. M. Far
rar of San Francisco are at the Raleigh.
Since some of the yellow journals continue to
scream out that Senator Hanna* has "threatened" ?«•
have the President callan extra session if the ship
ping bill be not passed, it is worth while to call at
tention to the fact that in a recent interview he stated
the story "is a lie." The language is hardly Senatorial,
but it suits the- case.
There is little wonder that we are popular with our
r.ewly reconciled English cousins. The London stock
market was threatened the other day with all sorts of
disaster and it was saved by the prompt assistance of
American gold.
It is announced that the proposed combination of
publishing houses in the East is not to bY a trust,
but only an alliance for the improvement of the trade
and the benefit of authors and readers. In that there
is^comfort.
It is strange that after providing so liberally for
harbor improvements Congress should hesitate aboilt
the shipping bill. Are we improving our harbors
solely for the benefit of, foreign ship-owners?
Congress attached to the apportionment bill a clause
providing that Congressional districts "shall be of
compact and contiguous territory, and as nearly as
practicable of equal number of inhabitants," but as
the arrangement of districts is a matter for State
legislators to deal with, the clause can hardly be
deemed anything more than an ornamental flourish.
Negotiations for the purchase of the Danish West
Indian islands seem to have reached an acute stage.
When last heard from our Government had asked
what Denmark would take for them, and the Danes
had replied by asking what we would give. At that
point the diplomatists recognized that the crisis had
come and paused for leflection.
The investigation of hazing at West Point has
brought out the fact that since the beginning of the
academic term, September I, there have been among
the cadets seven fights to a, finish with bare fists. In
comparison with that the prize-ring is a hollow
mockery.
The Senate has been so often charged with de
laying public business that attention should be called
to the promptness with which it passed the appor
tionment bill; but it is possible the Senators let it
pass solely because they deemed it none of their
business.
WATTERSON'S DITHYRAMB.
HENRY WATTERSON is not wiser than other
counselers of Democracy, and consequently has
no advice to give which in its substance is
worthy of note; but he has a breezy, picturesque,
dithyrambic style that lends a charm to all his earnest
utterances and renders men of all parties more or
less interested in what he says. Consequently it i3
worth noting that he has taken occasion of the recent
celebration of "Jackson's day" to pour forth the soul
of him in a song of passionate prose designed to rouse
Democracy and give it good cheer.
Mr. Watterson begins by analyzing the characteris
tics that distinguish Republicans from Democrats.
The Republican, he says, is a man who is convinced
the country is all right, and that he should get a share
of the good things that are going; while the Demo
crat, "with the weight of his country and his con
science upon him, lies awake at night and dream?,
or else grinds his teeth and swears."
Continuing his analysis the gifted Kentuckian goes
on: "Herein the Republican has much the better of
it. The Republican assumes that two and two are
four and goes on with his mathematics. The Demo
crat stops to discuss rhe problem, generally discover
ing, until it is too late, that two and two are five.
The Republican looks not in the bottom of his glass.
The Democrat will have sugar or he won't drink at
all. Be sure that Father Tom, he of the memorable
encounter with the Pope, who lost his whisky punch
while waiting for the water to boil so he might get
it hot, was a Democrat. If he had been a Republican
he' would have taken it cold and got away before
waking upl"
Having thus pointed out what to a Kentuckian
must seem the extreme of folly, the tendency to re
fuse whisky if it have no sugar in it, Watterson pro
ceeds to exhort Democrats to reform. He professe3
to be sanguine that Democracy's opportunity will
soon come and that along with it will come the needed
leader to profit by it Dropping at that point the
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
ANOTHER SNOW BLOCKADE— J. W.,
City. There was a snow blockade on the
Central Pacific and Union Pacific in 1S72
which lasted from January 21 to Februaty
BARROX BERTHALD— G. E. P.. City.
Barron Berthald, who recently sang at
the Tivoli, Is with the Metropolitan Eng
lish Opera Company, which is now in the
Western circuit. " M
THREE NEWSPAPERS — Subscriber .
City. The New York Sun was established
by Benjamin H. Day In September, 1S33;
the Herald by James Gordon Bennett In
May. 1S35, and the Tribune in April 1S41
by Horace Greeley. '
DAYS OF WORSHIP— A. D. S., City.
Sunday is set apart as a day of worship
by the Christians, Monday bv the Greeks
Tuesday by the Persians, Wednesday bv
the Austrlans, Thursday by the Egyptians
Friday by the Turk; and Saturday by the
NAVAL. CONSTRUCTOR-S., St. Hel
ena, Cal. To become an assistant naval
constructor in the United States Navy De
partment the applicant for such a position
need not be a graduate of Annapolis Ad
pointments may be made from civil life
providing the applicant is possessed of the
requisite quail tlcattons.
ARBOR DAY-K. M., Ceres, Cal. There
!s no law in California designating any
day of the year as arbor day. The lata
Adolph Sutro attempted at one time to
have the people of San Francisco devote
fi day to tree planting, and on one occa!
*Ion donated a large number of trees that
were planted by school children but the
example set was not followed.
EMBER DAYS-A. S.. City. Ember day.
are certain ones set apart by the church
for fasting at the four seasons of tho
year-that is to say, every quarter. In the
church calendar these axe fast davs for
imploring a blessing on the ordination
Is from the German nuatemher. a quar
terly day; from the Latin quatuor tem-
S^n' t*™ 001 " seaa ° ns : from the LoW gS
dksax! lhe Swedl *h ymber
¦ CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICTS-W. C.
«o, A " tIo^ h - CaJ - By the act of March 11.
IS91. the State of California was divided
low* . seven Con sressional districts, as fol-
Firs ir- The counties of Del Norte, Slskl
you. Modoc, Ilumboldt, Trinity. Shasta
Lassen, Tehama. Plumas. Sierra.yftlentio
cino, Sonflma, Napa and Marin.
Second— The counties of Butte, Sutter.
>.evada. Placer, El Dorado. Ama
aor, Calaveras, Mono, Inyo, Alpine, Tuol
umne, Mariposa, San Joaquln and Sacra
mento.
_Third— The counties of Colusa (Glehn)
lolo. Lake, Solano, Contra Costa and Alal
mfda.
a Fourth— Part of the city and county of
San Francisco. •
Fifth— All that part of the city and
county of San Francisco not in the Fourth
District and the counxjes of San Mateo
and Santa Clara.
Sixth— The counties of Santa Cruz Jion
terey, San Luis Oblspo, Santa Barbara
Ventura and Los Angeles. ¦ •
Seventh— The counties of Stanislaus
(ifadera). Merced, San Benlto, Fresno
Tulare (Kings). Kern. San Bernardino
(Riverside*. Orance and San Dlexot.
PERSONAL MENTION
D. S. Lewis, a Portland merchant, is at
the Palace.
H. E. B. Gill, a Bakersfleld oil man, is
at the Grand.
A. P. Fraser, a' banker of Stockton, Is at
the Occidental.
Dr. P. Frank of North Yakima, Wash.,
is at the Grand.
F. H. Howen, a merchant of Syracuse,
N. Y., Is at the Palace.
A. W. Maltby, rancher at Concord, is
stopping at the Grand for a few days.
Professor W. W. Campbell of the Lick
Observatory is at the California.
J. R. Edson, proprietor of the Klamath.
Hot Springs, Is at the Grand with his'
wife. 'K-V-:;
R. W. Chilson. a successful prospector
and mining man in Inyo County, Is at the
Russ.
J. D. Fanning, a prominent hotel man
at Denver, is at the Occidental with his
family. They are going south on a pleas
ure tour.
Mrs. L. Blumauer is at the Palace, hav
ing : come here from Portland with the
body of her son, who died recently of
heart trouble. .
J. P. Llpoincott and E. . T. Perkins Jr.
of the United States Geological Survey at
Washington are among yesterday's ar
rivals at the Occidental.
Souichlro Matsmoto, Director General of
the Japanese Government railways, ac
companied by his secretary, is expected
in this city Sunday. The Director General
is now m.Ogden and will leave that city
for the coast to-morrow afternoon. He
will come in. a, special car over the
Southern Pacific line. Matsmoto is mak
ing a tour of the United States for- the
purpose of obtaining Information about
modern railway : building.
Contributor (reading aloud) — His eyes
were riveted on her fare.
Magazine Editor— Riveted? Here, cut
that out. If he didn't belonr to the union
you'll have all the boilermakers in this
country down on us. — Chicago Record.
"Do you think It is desirable for a man
to study the dead languages?"
"No, sir." answered Mr. Cumrox. with
emphasis. "If queer words are what a
young man- aspires to. the golf and base
ball reports in any daily newspaper will
supply all his wants."— Washington Star.
Young mother (to butcher)— I hava
brought my little baby. Mr. Bullwrinkle.
Will you kindly weigh him?
• Butcher — Yes. ma'am; bones an' all I
s'pose?— Tit-Bits.
Passenger (to station porter)— Now. It's
4 o'clock and the time table says the train
arrives at 3:14.
Station Porter— Oh, well, you mustn't
take the time table too seriously.—Flle
gende Blaetter.
•Then you don't bank much on ances
tral pride?"
"No; It Is more to a man's credit to
start from nowhere and be somebody
than to start from somewhere and be no
body." — Indianapolis Journal.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
Alden Anderson, refusing to be treated
better than the men who supported him
j for Speaker, declines to serve as chairman
' of the Committee on Commissions and
Public Expenditures.— Napa Register.
• • r>S, • •;?:
The California Legislature starts out
under an 111 omen. The election of Pen
dleton as Speaker forebodes no good for
' the present session, it being conceded by
the Republican press that he is the hench
man of Martin Kelly. The members who
i supported Anderson for Speaker, It is fur
; ther conceded by prominent Republicans,
represent the better and more conscien
tious element of the ReDublican paxty.
The outlook is not flattering, to say. the
least.— Oakdale Leader.
• • •
The Senate's views on economy may be
seen in the fact that when the Governor
; desired to address it on that subject It
refused to listen to him. If he had aaked It
out to take a drink he would have had
the attentive ear of every man In the
House. — San Luis Oblspo Tribune.
• • •
The mass of legislation Introduced at
Sacramento is. as usual, verv heavy and
not half the measures introduced will be
carried to a final reading. Thus many
good laws will be lost to the people whilo
other.8 of less importance axe carried to
the statutes. The League of California
Municipalities should be represented by
some energetic man who will push th»
presentation and passage of the laws
and amendments recommended at the
recent session of the league, — Santa. Clara
News.
• • •
There Is great discontent among the
friends of Alden Anderson, the defeated
candidate for Speaker of the Assembly.
THE AGGRESSIVE SHEPHERD.
THE reports from the Livestock Convention at
Salt Lake City seem to show that the sheep
men are in the saddle and the cattle men are on
the run.
It is a curious illustration of the timidity of fixed
investments. Nearly every cattle man in the West,
whether a large or small herdsman, is a land-owner.
He has ranch lands and headquarters buildings and is
a taxpayer.
The dock-masters, on the other hand, are, rarely
land-owners. They have the daring and independence
of nomads. They drive their flocks at will where they
please, frequently in one year making from 500 t>
1000 miles, feeding and fattening their sheep as they
go, and leaving the range behind them bare and
dusty. Recently a flock-master in Wyoming, who
l:ad just sold out his flock of 140,000 sheep, boasted
that he had made a great fortune in sheep and yet had
never owned nor paid taxes on more than fifteen
acres of land! His pasture cost him nothing, for he
grazed on the public domain and paid the Govern
ment nothing for the feed that had made his great
fortune.
These aggressive shepherds have discovered that
they can drive the cattle off the range, for sheep will
feed where cattle have been, but cattle will not feed
where sheep have been. So when a sheep man
opposes leasing the range and talks highly about the
reed of a free range open to all he means a range
from which he has the power to exclude cattle,
monopolizing it for himself. These brave and enter
prising nomads go further than this, for they propose
at Salt Lake to demand a higher tariff and compel a
Federal inspection of manufactured goods, tagging
every bolt of fabric to show of what it is made. They
demand also that all forest reserves be thrown oper:
tc fheep. We really hope that they will not dcmand<nn
inspecting officer to overhaul us all on the street and
strip us to sec if we have woolen underclothing, with
the power to imprison us for failure to wear wool from
sheep that never cost a dollar for their feed.
While these virile nomads are asking for what they
v.-ant. and petting it. the timid cattle men are in dis
agreement among themselves, and while they quarrel
and higgle the sheep men are crowding them off the
range.
With free feed and a high wool tariff, and disappear
ance of range cattle, the profits of sheep-growing rise,
and so does the price of clothing and the price of
meat: The consumers of both are the people who
own the public domain. Perhaps they may soon de
mand that the shepherds pay them something for the
use and destruction of. their property.
over the treatment they received from
Pendleton, the Speaker. They seem t&
have been treated with scant courtesy
and his friends are filled with anKer.—
Red Bluff News.
• • •
The Legislature at the outset voted that
each Senator should have $16 a day and
that each Assemblyman should have J8 a
day patronage to give out to their friends.
This makes $1280 a day and will bring th*
cost of the sixty days* session up to $7S,S00
for attaches alone. Drill, you hump
backed tax-payer, drill!— Sotoyome Sun.
- When one notices the avalanche of bad
bills Introduced by members of the Legis
lature anu also observes the lavish ex
penditure of time and money in dickering
over the army of useless employes pro
vided for it leads to the belief that lesa
injury will be suffered by the State If tho
Legislature "Xonflnes Uself entirely, to the
useless employe evil. The State cain bet
ter afford a waste of its money than
idiotic tinkering with its laws.— Los An
geles Express. ..-v^
¦¦>¦,.• '"' • • !
The Sacramento Bee says that the ex
travagance of the Legislature in the mat
ter or patronage is of small consequence
compared with the large appropriatlona i
that at times in the past have been made
for notoriously fraudulent and corrupt
purposes, and if freedom from blame is
maintained in large matters of legislation
the minor fault of extravagance may be
forgiven. This is magnanimous, coming 1
from a paper In the city which reaps a
benefit from the army of useless attaches:
but some people down this way have an
idea that it is a disgrace to pay political
debts in a smnll way with the State's
money, even though no million-dollar
steals may be perpetrated.— Stockton
Mail.
CALIFORNIA EDITORS
ON THE LEGISLATURE
Comment of th© State Press on TVlen
and Matters at Sacramento.
IMPORTS OF RAW MATERIAL.
REPORTS from Washington announce that dur
ing the year 1900 there wa$ imported into this
country more raw material for use in manufac
turing than ever before in our history. The total value
of foreign products imported in a crude condition
during the year amounted to more than $275,000,000.
When to that sum is added the value of imported ar
ticles, "wholly or partially manufactured for use as
materials in manufacturing," the aggregate of manu
facturers' materials imported amounts to more than
$.160,000,000.
It is to be noted that the statement is based upon
eir.ven months' detailed figures already received by
the Treasury Bureau of Statistics, to which is added
an estimate for the twelfth month, December, based
upon the figures of the preceding month. This state
ment puts the importation of raw material in the
twelve months ending with December, 1900, at
$276,628,000, against $267,493,959 in 1899, $162,172,736
in 1896, and $160,523,454 in 1894.
A comparison of jRoq and 1900 with preceding:
years shows an increase of over 35 per cent in the
importation # of manufacturers' materials in these two
years as compared with the entire period from 1800
to 1898, and an increase of nearly 70 per cent as com
pared with the years 1894 and 1806. Even the remark
able fall in prices of manufacturers' materials which
has characterized the closing half of the year 1900 has
not prevented the total value of these materials im
ported in 1900 from exceeding that of 1809, though in
two articles, indiarubber and silk, the figures for 1900
show a reduction as compared with 1809.
The following table shows the value of the prin
cipal articles imported for use in manufacturing:
Chemicals $55,155,000
Hides and skins 50,652,000
Silks 32,757,000
Indiarubber 28,143,000
Fibers 25,528,000
Wool 19,030.000
Tin 18,680,000
Wood 15,622,000
Leaf tobacco 14,875.000
Cotton / 7,267,000
Furs and fur skins 6,148.000
Lead 3,793,000
The statistics show to what vast proportions our
manufacturing interests have grown. We have* be
come manufacturers of the raw material of other lands
as well as of our own. Yet we do not by any means
work up into "form for consumption all the raw ma
terial of our own production. This is one of the
paradoxes of industry. We ship our own raw products
abroad to be manufactured, and we import raw ma
terial to.be manufactured ourselves. It is that practice
that promotes commerce and goes far toward sus
taining the merchant fleets of the world.
r* ONGRESSMAN BROSIUS of Pennsylvania
( opposed the proposed increase in the number
of Representatives under the new apportion
ment bill on the ground that the House is already too
large for debate. He is reported in the Record as
saying: "Without some restriction upon the tendency
to increase, the House will continue to grow until
confusion worse confounded will bring the nation to
shame and invite the lingual curse of Babel to put an
end to the stupendous folly of attempting to legislate
in a mass-meeting."
He went on to say: "Few members of the House
can be heard with distinctness in all parts of the
chamber without an exertion of the vocal organs
which destroys every quality of the voice which
makes speaking or bearing agreeable and corrupts
every excellence in oratory. Much of what passes for
debate is only an exchange of vociferations across the
chamber."
As .the House passed the bill by an overwhelming
majority it is clear the arguments of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania had no influence upon their minds.
Possibly the arguments were not heard. The debate,
however, shows that there is something worse in the
House than vociferation. Bad as the shouting may
be, it is not quite so bad as the wit that is intended
to enliven the discussions. Here, for example, are
some of the exchanges of attack and repartee be
t-ween Mr. Littlefield of Maine and Mr. Hopkins of
Illinois:
Mr. Hopkins — One moment, pleasa. i' iV.'s
Mr. Littlefleld — This Is not a police court.
Mr. Hopkins — Well, then the gentleman is not at
home.
Mr. Llttlefleld— You would be at home on the frontier
before a trial Justice in the purlieus of civilization con
ducting your method of discussion. .v.X
That much was merely preliminary. It served to
interest the House in the debate and brought about a
silence in the chamher, so that, all could hear what
followed. A little later this sally occurred:
. Mr. Hopkins — You say I made an assault on the
State of Maine. I deny It.
Mr. Llttlefleld— I say that your speech from start to
finish was saturated with a pettifogging attack on the
State of Maine.
Mr. Hopkins — Well, now, I deny It. I am not as
familiar with pettifogging as the gentleman.
Mr. Littlefleld— I trust the gentleman will continue to
stultify himself in the future.
Mr. Hopkins— Talk to me about stultifying myself!
I deny having done anything of the kind.
Mr. Littlefield— I will demonstrate that you did.
Mr. Hopkins— Oh, yes, you will do wonderful things.
Mr. Uttlefleld— Is not the gentleman getting a little
touchy in that direction? '
Mr. Hopkins— I am not.
Mr. Littlefield— The gentleman can stand up or sit
down, just as he likes.
Mr. Hopkins— That is Just what I am going to do.
Mr. Llttlefleld— That is just exactly what you are go
ing to do. ".' ' c.; 3
In that round it will be noted that while the spar
ring was clever on both sides no really effective blow
was landed. A little later, however, the knock
out was delivered in this manner:
Mr. Hopkins—If there is any man who knows better
than another what can be done In that way (pettifog
ging) it is the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. Littlefield— The gentleman from Maine never yet
defended a criminal, but he has prosecuted several in
his time and he is after one now. '
It is to be borne in mind that Hopkins and Little
field are among the ablest and brightest leaders of the
House. Hopkins has been in the House a long time
and is one of its. most distinguished debaters, white
Littlefield, though a new man, is a native Maine bril
liant who managed to make himself dazzling in his
first session. Such * being the style of wit and
repartee that passes between Congressmen of their
rank, it is clear the House loses nothing when it
loses the ability to hear what is said. It is therefore
gratifying that Mr. Brosius' objections to an increase
in the number of the kepresentatives passed unheeded.
Less talk and more business is what the country
wishes of its Congressmen.
CONGRESSIONAL REPARTEE.
an exquisitely tenous and pellucid gas
through which a feeble twinkle from a
star a billion miles away becomes visible
to the eye, but that each star as seen by
us, as well as the greatest of the planets,
the sun. Is only to our eye the point at
which the vibration comes Into our atmos
pheric sphere. According- to my theory
all light and heat are penetrated by the
earth Itself.
"For. the scientific reader a brief sum
mary of this theory would 'be: The ether
is not a gas of infinite tenuity, but com
posed of non-homogeneous matter, en
dowed with electrical conductivity. No
force is required for the generation of.
light and heat, except the disturbance due
to the rotation of magnetic masses in It.
"There 13 no loss of force except that
due to what we call friction, for each
planet sends back to its neighbor exactly
¦what it receives."
"Electricity Is the primal source of heat
and light where chemical action is Im
possible," says Mr. Whitehouse. "With
this basic fact as a starting 1 point, Investi
gation has led me to believe that the earth
is a bubble in the vast ocean of interstel
lar space, that the so-called ether Is not
THE new theory of the source and
cause of heat and light advanced by
Frederick Cope Whltehouse is at
tracting wide attention, says the
Philadelphia Inquirer. According to
the new theory, the planets are sus
pended in what Mr. Whithouse .calls an
electrical ocean, commonly called the
ether, and each one is connected/ with
every other one by an electrical circuit,
the conductor being the ether space be
tween the planets.
THE PLANETARY SYSTEM IN THE WHITEHOUSE OCEAN. WHITE
LINES SHOW THE ELECTRIC CIRCUITS CONNECTING THE 0RB9
IN ETHER.,/ \
FRIDAY. JANUARY 18, 1901
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Ccicmnciettieni to W. S. LEAEE. Kacager.
!H%NA«l'If!« OFFICE Telephone **^^*" ??j
PL'ULICATIOX OFFICE... Market »nd Third. S. F.
Telephone Preen SOI.
EDITORIAL, ROOM? 217 <o 221 SteTfmon St.
Telephone PresH 202.
Oelli-e>red »»••- rnrrtrm. IS O»<" Per Week.
«!n«rlc Ooplen. 5 Ontii.
IVrm* by Mall. Inolndtnjr Posta«ret
UArLT CALT, rinrludtrt: Sunday), one year W-M
r»ArLT CALL <inclu<3Sn«r Funday). « months *.W
DAILT CAl.li OncloainB Sunday). I month* l.M
OASLT CALL— By Single Month «&?
FUMDAY CALL. One Tear 1-59
WTtEKLV CALL. One Tear l-<*
All postmaster* «r«» atifhoriBed to receive
•abftcrtptlon«.
8*mpl« copies will be forwarded Then requested.
Vsil »ii*>ei'Mt»»rr In r>r-4»rfnir *-han«r«» of aflflrwMi ehoulfl S*
particular to tfve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKUM) OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GBOHGB KROG3TR9S.
Ktttff r Foreign Advtrtiiinr. Kirgaettt Building. Chie»g»,
¦l.-ir< instance TeVpfcrne "Central 2«U.">
KKTT TORK COKRESPON*DE?fT:
C C. CARLTO.V Herald Square
KL'W TORK REPREPTrNTATTST:
tTEPHEX It. MI1T1I SU Trlboae Bnlldlnfc
KTTVT TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Artoria Hotel; A. Brentano, O. Union Sfloare:
tlcrnir H1U Hotel. \ .-¦;'.-
CHICAGO NEWS 6TAXD8:
Efcencan Hotwe: P. O. Nrwi Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremcnt licusc; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHT\GTO\ O>. C> OFFICE..'. .14O6 O St., 5. W.
MOJITOX 13. CRAVE. Correspondent.
HR4TCIT OFFirnS— *!7 Montgomei ». < <¦! n*r of C1»t, open
tsnt'l • :»» o'clock. S00 Hayee. open until I:W o'clock. 6JJ
* McAllister, cpen until *:M o'clock. €15 Lerkln. open nn'.ll
%St o'clock. 1*41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. Ktl Market.
ronwr Btxteentn. cpen until » o'clock. 1C96 Valencia, open
uctll S o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twerty-»econd and Kentucky, open until • o'clock.
PLANETS FLOAT IN
AN ELECTRIC OCEAN
New Theory of the Source and Cause
1 of Heat and Light.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
Astor's Peace Offering.
¦W W. Astor's grift of $25,000 t« aid fami
lies of men fighting- in S^uth Africa. In re
sponse to the public appeal by the Prin
cess of Wales, is regarded as a "peace of
fering" in London, the Princess having
sided with Captain Milne, -whom Mr.
Astor Insulted last summer.— Utlca Press.
Southern Welcome for McKinley.
Grant and Harrison were the only Presi
dents who condescended to visit Little
Rock, and both were accorded warm re
ceptions. Should President McKinley de
cide to pay us a visit he will be given on.>
of the grandest ovations he has ever re
ceived in the South.— Arkansas Gazetto.
Soul of Honor.
It la hard for civilians to understand
how that "soul of honor." which is sup
posed to dwell in the army, can be de
veloped and nurtured by secret violations
of the rules of the Military Academy.
That is a point In casuistry which tna
hazers and the "fighting- committees
ought to explain.— Cleveland Leader.
Sunday at West Point.
The discovery that Sunday Is the fa
vorite day for "pulling off the "flnJsH
fights," which are a part of the education
given to young gentlemen at West Point,
will not make the methods of the cadets
any more popular with the decent people
of the United States. Even in "wide
open" cities that day la not chosen for
"knockouts."— Cleveland Leader.
A "Wart on Wars.
Professor Douglass* explanation that
the singular "protuberance" seen on
Mars, which some imaginative persons
thought might be a signal to the people
of the earth, was only a bright cloud float-
Ing in the Martian atmosphere seems en
tirely reasonable; but It postpones the
time for establishing communication with
that planet indefinitely. Despite all the
forecasts that have been made we are
very little, if any, nearer to opening cor
respondence with our sister planet than
we were a hundred years aeo.—Philadel
phia Ledger.
"West Point Code.
Fighting at West Point seems to fall
under two heads, according to the testi
mony of Cadet Bettison. president of the
graduating class — the fight to wipe out a
personal insult and th- fight to demon
strate the ranking supjrlority of the up
per class men. In the latter case, the
combatants have no real grievance
against each other. The upper class man
fights to uphold the dignity and prestige
of hia fellows, the fourth class man be
cause he cannot avoid fighting without
exposing himself to a charge of coward-
Ice, which In the end would mean his ex
pulsion from the academy by decree of
the corps of cadets.— New York Evening
Sun.
Bryan's Retirement.
Glad alacrity Is but half concealed by
the sweet resignation with which the
news of Mr. Bryan's retirement Is re
ceived by Democratic politicians. The
way the properties are kept reminds us
of the exemplary conduct of the relatives
at certain funerals. Every one knows
that the supernal flight of the dear de
parted la a relief to the distressed survi
vors of his family. But mourning gar
ments are put on and a Judicious sorrow
i3 indulged, though the funeral baked
meats are to furnish forth a marriage ta
ble. And perhaps the more imaginative,
emotional and venturesome spirits may
even eo so far as to extol the virtuous
life Just closed and exhibit a violence of
feeling. It is almost like the real thing. —
Chicago Times-Herald.
The "Interimistic" Baton.
The Kaiser has placed the venerablo
King Albert of Saxony on the same foot
ing -with Field Marshal Count "Waldersee
by presenting him with a so-called "in
terimistic" Field Marshal's baton. The
difference between this baton and the reg
ular baton Is that the latter is used only
on state occasions and parades, while the
"interimistic" baton Is carried also at the
maneuvers, ordinary reviews of the troops
and similar occasions. It is an inven
tion of the- Kaiser, whose fondness for
show knows no bounds, and was first
specially created for Count Waldersee In
order that the International troops In
China might always be forcibly reminded
of the German general's rank. Of course.
the Emperor has also granted such a, stick
to himself, which he carried ostentatious
ly at the last German army maneuvers In
Pomerania. — Plttsburg Dispatch.
whisky simile, for of course the colonel could not
dally long with merely metaphorical whisky, he in
vokes historic memories and urges Democrats to get
ready to greet the emergency and the man. In 'a
cheering voice he cries: "Old Hickory knew what to
do with the cotton bags, let us know what to do with
such defenses as we have; and so, above the roar of
the huzzas of the Republicans, may we hear the distant
drumbeats — mayhap -the guns— -of the old Jacksonian
hunting shirts, marching to give successful battle to
the redcoats of Prerogative and Power to vindicate
the divinity of Populr.r Sovereignty."
Having thus prepared the way for his climax he
sweeps up to it with the rush of a wild goose alon^
a gale of wind. There is something of exultation in
his honk, and he hurls defiance at all the babblers
who* are advising the party how to reorganize and
reform. To his party he shouts: "Never mind the
impudent twaddle of played-out politicians about 'rc
oiganization.' Never mind the self-admiring com
plaisance of would-be leaders and sham reformers.
These are the merest froth,- the veriest fustian, mean
ing little and counting for nothing. The leaders who
are to regenerate Democracy have yet to come upon
the scene, and before they are arrived the old, obso
lete set— to whom we owe our undoing— will have
passed away. For. the present it is enough to say
dose ranks and forward march! Down with Mounte
bankisml Down with Pharisaism 1 And, with a hip
hooray from the boys in the trenches, up with the
standards of Jeffeson and Lincoln, Old Hickory's
battle-flag flying at the fore!"
There may notbe much of historic justification in
that easy conjunction of Jefferson, Jackson and Lin
coln, but the fact that Bryan's name was not added
to the list is an evidence, the orator did not lose hi3
head nor his sense of the eternal fitness of things. His
screed, therefore, may be accepted as an interesting
contribution to the Democratic literature of- the day.
It is an evidence that there remains yet among us at
least one eloquent exponent of the old Democracy
that never made the mistake of stopping to consider
whether there was sugar in the glass.
THE report of the Director of the Mint shows
that the money of the world has increased ioc
per cent in twenty-seven years, far outrunning
the increase in the world's population.
The world's total stock of money in 1873 was
$4,600,000,000, while in 1900 it was $11,600,000,000. The
great increase has been in gold, amounting to $3,600,
000,000. There is now less uncovered paper currency
than in 1873, implying a sounder financial condition,
because the coin reserve is able to float the paper
easier than then.
These monetary statistics are a complete refutation
of the whole silver aigument. It was persistently
urged by the free silver advocates that "the crime of
1873" consisted in destroying halt the money of the
world in order to increase the value and the purchas
ing power of the remaining half. It was argued that
this was for the purpose of gathering all the property
of the world into the hands of the "money trust."
Yet steadily from 1873 to 1001 the money stock of
the world has increased. Instead of losing 50 per cent
it has gained 100 per cent in twenty-seven years. Nor
is it true that at any time in that period the volume
of money, or its quality, has declined. The quality
of the whole volume of money is determined by the
amount of uncovered paper mixed with it. That
means paper not redeemable in coin. There is now a
less percentage of such paper to the whole volume
than in 1873. So the financial condition of the world
has continually improved while the free silver advo
cates have been' insisting that it was growing worse.
More than that. The years of most rapid improve
ment have been those in which Mr. Bryan has been
striving to put this country on a silver basis. The
accelerated rate of improvement began seven years
ago, or three years before he introduced his cross of
gold and crowp of thorns' into politics. The im
provement began, it will be observed, in 1893, or with
the repeal of the silver purchasing clause of the Sher
man act.
If the present rate of increase go on, far more rap
idly than" that of the population, the world will be
more likely to have too much than too little money.
When Mr. Bryan issues his newspaper he will have
an opportunity to perpetuate his mistake or to apolo
gize for it
THE INCREASE IN MONEY.
THE SA^ n?ANCISCOfr!ALL, FRIDAY, JAJSUARY; IS, 1901.
At Hotel D?l Coronado
The season la now on at full tide. American
and '. European plans. The best of , everything,
including the character of entertainment. Ap
ply at 4 New Montgomery street, city." for spe
«a*l ticket.. _
"I want to return this dog to the gent
what' owns him. I seen his 'ad' in the
paper," eaid the rough-looking man at the
door.
"How did you guess it was a "gent* that
put the 'ad' in?" asked the woman.
" 'Cause it said 'No questions asked.* " —
Boston Globe. ,
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BABY'S CULD
is the way j pneumonia-
makes short work of lots oi
babies.
Scott's emulsion of cod-liver
oil relieves it at once; but re-
lief is not cure, you know.
It stopsHhe cough, and gives
him a chance to get over the
cold ; yes, lifts him right out of
it.
That's the proper way to
"Wei bend jon » Bttle to try, i I yon Sin,
SCOTT ftBOWKE. 409 P«a*l *tr«««, New York.
Butte, Mont, has the highest expendi-
ture per capita for public school educa-
tion of any city In the country, viz., J3 87.
New Santa Fe Train.
traveler*.
Tha new Santa Fa train known as tfi* Cali-
fornia Limited afford* servlco very much tnp*.
rlor to anything ever fc«for« offered to Coast
Nearly all articles formerly In leather
are now b«In« made of paper, such n.<
suit cases, traveling bars, etc., and tho
imitation is very successful.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping: Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery Bt. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace frutf. STe =»
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
ket*. A nic« present for Eastern friends.
6S» Market street. Palace Hotel building •
Wllgus oil burners. Office and salesroom
514A Mission street. Telephone John 2406. •
Choice candies. Townsend's.Palace Hotel.'
AJSXUSEMEITTS.
Alrarar— "X*!l Gwyr.ne."
Columbia— "Way Down East."
Tivoll — "Cinderella."
CentraJ Theater— "The Two Ourtiaiis."
California— "A Breezy Time."
f>T<heum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "The Roenc'n Comedy."
A!fcarnt>ra — "A Stranrer In a Strang-e Land."
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chute*. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
«T«T.!r.£.
Fischer'*— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple — Lecture by Rer. Peter C. Yorke,
Thursday evening. February 7.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. TT. Louderberk— This e"ay. at 11 a. m. and 2 p. m..
Oriental RuRt, at EW. corner Ceary and Stockton streets.War Geography of Africa With Refer
ence to the Dark Continent in
Copyright, 1901, by Seymour Eaton.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
CHIEF POLITICAL DIVISIONS OP AFRICA.
TO SAIL.
No extra charge Is made for riding on the
California Limited of the Santa Fe, although
the superiority of the net-vice Is really worth
something more. *
California Limited.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. CaL,
January 17, 1901.
. On account of a fault In th« mechanism tha
time ball was not dropped to-day.
- C. O. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge.
Time Ball.
NOTE— In the above exposition of tho tide*
tha early morning tides are given In tho left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day, the third time column gives the last tide
of tbe day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign (r-) precedes the height, and then
the. number given U subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean ¦ of the lower low waters.
Xtaah Work on Dredgers Wanted to
Save Iievees.
Men are working night and day on a
big dredger that was launched from Hay
& Wright's yards at Alameda Point last
week in order to get it completed.' It 1*
for F. H. Wright of Jersey Landing and
the owner would pay a big premium could
he only have It on the San Jor.quln at the
present time. The greater portion of
Jersey Island is under water. The recent
rains have swollen the river and the em
bankments could not ptand the pressure.
Jersey Landing is threatened and In con
sequence Mr. Wright wants his dredger
to build new levees.
Three other dredger3 for the Sacramen
to and San Joaquin are now nearlrsr com
pletion and on all of them the work Is pro
gressing night and day. 'xne new dredger
for Mr. Wright is a duplicate of th.j
Golden Gate now at work on the remains
of Shag Rocl>.
Zealandia Sails To-Day.
The Oceanic Company's mail steamship
Zealandia sails for Honolulu to-day.
Among the steerage passengers are sixty
five Portuguese who are going to Hawaii
to work on the sugar plantations. Thny
are a merry crowd and seem more than
delighted over the idea of making money
among the sugar cane.' \
One of the cabin passengers on the mall
boat, will be Captain F. Mosher. who,
seven years ago, was master -of the B.
P. Cheney. In the interval he has com
manded one of the interisland steamer's
and now, after a visit to his relatives In
the East, goes back to resume his old
run between the islands of the group.
Eacing to San Francisco.
The bark Mauna Ala, barkentlno Olym
pic and schooner Rosamond are all out
eighteen days from Honolulu and there Id
considerable wagering on the front as to
which vessel will be here first. On th«
15th Inst. a steamer came m and reported
that a four-masted schooner resembling
the Rosamond was outside. The butchers
and greengrocers at once rushed fresh
supplies out to the vessel. She turned out
to fie the Lottie Bennett, however, and
now much of the stuff is going to waste
in Peterson's boathouse. The poneral
trend of the betting goes to show that tho
Olympic will win. There would be a gen
eral laugh all round should the old Mau
na Ala show up In the lead.
Water Tront Notes.
The British steamer Oopack, under
charter to the United States Government.
SAM" JOAQTJIN RISING.
>i|«jHERB Is considerable mystery
I about the schooner reported an
I wrecked off Grays Harbor. Tha
Jt steatoer Eva arrived at Astoria on
the 16th inst. and reported passing:
a derelict on January 13. At that time thj
Eva was off Grays Harbor and bore down
on the abandoned vessel. The latter'.*
name could not be made out, but Captain
Pederson said she was painted white and
about 150 tons burden. Her masts had
gone by the board and the decks wer-?
awash. A heavy storm was raging anil
the Eva had to stand "on and off" for
four days before attempting to cross the
Columbia River bar.
On the 15th Inst. the steamer Fulton
arrived at Grays Harbor ajid reported
the schooner Swan ashore on the north
entrance of the harbor. Everything aoov<j
deck was gone and the vessel was water
logged. According to the report of tho
captain of the Flilton th« Swan was on
her way from Santa Barbara to PugrK
Sound. The records, however, fall to show
a record of any such vessel. There is a
little seven-ton sloop called the Swan,
but she could not be the vessel in ques
tion.
The wires are down between here and
Grays Harbor and Coauille River and in
consequence many of the local owners of
coasters are on the. anxious seat to know
what vessel It Is that has been lost 'with
all hands.
A dispatch to The Call from Santa Bar
bara says that no schooner named Swan
sailed from that port.
The bark Alden Bease. which left her©
more than a month ago for Honolulu, had
a hard time of it after leaving port. She
reached the islands January 9 and Cap
tain Potter reports that two days after
leaving San Francisco he was caught In
a heavy gale and two foresails and a Jib
were carried away. From all quarters
comes news of the storm and the end la
not yet.
ARRIVED.
• Thursday, January 17.
Ptmr Gipsy, Lel&nd. SI hours from Monte
rey.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 44 hours from
San Diego. /
Stmr Navarro, Qreen, 12 hours from Dowe.is
Landing.
6tmr Newsboy, Ohlstrom. 18 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson. 42 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr w&shten&w, Zolllng, 84 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins, 64 hours from Vic
toria and Pu»et Sound ports.
Stmr Whlteaboro, Olsen. 17 hours from Green
wood.
Stmr L«elanaw, Storrs, 38 days from Manila,
via Mojl 27 days.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, 4H days from
Comox.
Br stmr Oot>ack, Barber, JO days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 21 days.
Schr Rio Key, Skipper, 7 dayn from. Bowens
Loiidlnc.
CLEARED.
Thursday. January 17.
Etmr Geo W Elder. Randall. Astoria: Oregon
Railroad & Nav Co. •
Stmr Corona, Glelow, 8an Pedro.
Nor stmr Tltania, Bjrenes, Nanalmo; John
Kosenf eld's Sons.
SAILED.
Thursday, January 17.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick. Portland.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Ellefsen. Seattle.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson, Eureka.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen, Crescent City.
Ship Dashing Wave. Lancaster, Tacoma.
Br ship Drumburton, Thomas. Seattle.
Bark Undaunted, Davidson, Comox.
Bktn Benlcta, Bonet, Honolulu.
Bktn Monitor, Donnelly, Grays Harbor.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Sorenson, Port Gamble.
Schr Newark, .
Schr Ocean Spray, Olsen, Iversens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO8, Jan 17. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NE, velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr
Newburg. hence Jan 13.
Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Coronado. for San Fran
cisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Jan 17— Schrs Ban
tor and Laura Madsen, for San Francisco.
HILO— Sailed Deo 30— Bark Annie Johnson,
for San Francisco.
KAHULUI— Sailed Jan 6— Ship AntlODe, for
Lady smith; schr Met ha Nelson, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Jan 17— Schr For
ester, for Port Plrle; schr Prosper, for Syd
ney; schr Robert Lewers. for Honolulu.
Arrived Jan 17— Ger shins Flottbek and Al
sterdam, from Yokohama.
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 10— Bktn Cht-ha
los, from Newcastle, Aus.
EUREKA — Bailed Jan 17— Strnm I^tme.
Santa Ana and San Pedro, for San Francisco;
echr Irene, for Sydney; schr Fortuna, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Jan 17— 8tmrs North Fork and Eu
reka, hence Jan lfl.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Ja.n 18, and sailed for Mendoclno.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Willamette,
from Oyster Harbor; schr W F Jewett, hence
Jan 11. <•
Jan 17— Ger bark Alstenifer. Ger ship
Willokommen and Ger ship C H Watjen. for
Queenstown; bktn Tarn o' Shanter, for San
Francisco; tug Samson and barge Washtucha
In tow. for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr
Mlneola, from Nanalmo.
VENTURA— Sailed^ Jan 17— Stmr South Coast,
for .
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Luelta. for
; schr Maweema, for Grays Harbor.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 16-Schr Mary E
Ru8s, hence Jan »; sehr Western Home, hence
Jan 9; schr Abble, hence Jan 9.
Railed Jan 17— Schr Gotama. for San Fran
cisco; schr Vlklnr, for ' San Francisco;' schr
Emma Utter, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BBND— Sailed Jan 17— Schrs Orient
and Repeat, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Jan 17— Br shlo
Yoko, for Queenstown; ship Sintram, for San
Francisco; bark Highland Light, for Lahsina.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PAYTA— Arrived prior to Jan 17— Schr Fred
J Wood, from Tacoma.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 14— Br stmr Bel
gian Klne. hence Dec lfl.
Arrived Jan 1&— Jap stmr America Maru, hnc
Dec. 29.- ¦
CALLAO— Arrived D«»c 1— P*r bark Elena,
from Vancouver.
Sailed Jan 10— Br stmr Heathcralg, for 8an
Francisco.
COLON— Arrived Jan 16— Stmr Finance, from
New York. ¦ •
Bailed Jan 15— Stmr Alllanca, for New Tork.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Jan 18— Stmr
City of Rio de Janeiro, henc» Deo 14; Br atrar
Kvarven, from Or^Ktm.
Ballad Jan 9— Br stmr Pak Llnir, for Seattle.
Jan IS— Br stmr • Empress of China, for Van
couver: Br ship Buteshire, for Oregon.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Jan 11— Bktn John
Palmer, from Port Hadlock.
* SHANGHAI— Sailed Jan 16— Br ship Alice
A LHirh. for Port Townsend.
FALMOUTH-Salled Jan 16— Ger bark Ath
ene, for Antwerp.
TOCOPILLA — Arrived Jan 18 — Schr James
Rolph, from Antofajjasta, to load for Vic-
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Arrired Ja\i 17— Schr
Shipping Intelligence.
Departure of the Gaelic
The steamship Gaelic sailed Wednesday for
China and Japan with a general cargo valued
at {294,326, manifested as follows: For China,
«76,1SO: for Japan, 179,747; for Manila. 127.772;
for East Indies, J7975; for Vladivostok. »19«9;
for Slam, S6S3.
The Cape Wrath will load wheat on Colum
bia River for Europe, 43s 9d, prior to arrival;
the British steamer Glenfarg, wheat and mer
chandise at Tacoma for Europe via Suez.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN".
arrived from Manila yesterday. She la a
cargo boat and has oeen running between
the Sound arid the Philippines. At Naga
saki her captain got Instructions to come
to San Francisco to load.
The horse transport Lcelanaw also ar
rived from Miuiila yesterday. She was
thirty-eight days making the run and
brings no news. She will probably be re
leased this trip and will go Into the coal
trade again.
The British steamer Condor arrived
from South America yesterday with 3700
tons of nitrate. The Dowder works are
short and the cargo will be shipped from
Oakland by rail. There is an Increasing
demand for nitrate, nence the fact that
steamers are being U3ed In Its transporta
tion Instead of salllnsr vessels.
Captain Swanson, the popular master of
I the ship George Skolfleld. has been pro
moted to the command of the steel ship
Euterpe by the Alaska Packers' Associa
tion. The Euterpe loads a cargo of lum
ber hern for Australia.
Kallua, from Noumea, to load for Honolulu.
HAVRE— Arrived Jan 15 — Ger stmr Herodot.
hence Oct 2.
IQUIQUE-Sailed Jan 15— Br bark DalbUir,
for Ore~on. —
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QITEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Ctorln
thtan, from Portland, Me, and Halifax, for
Glasgow and Liverpool.
MOVILLB-Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Astoria,
from New York, for Glasgow, and proceeded.
PORTLAND. Me— Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Buenos
Ayres, for Glasgow.
LONDON-Salled Jan 17-Stmr Mlnnehaha.
for New York; stmr Tanla, from Hamburg and
Antwerp, for San Francisco, via South Ameri
can rorts.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan 17— Stmr New Eng
land, for Boston; stmr Vancouver, for Port
land, Me.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Auguste
Victoria, from Hamburg and Southampton, for
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Amster
dam, for Boulogne and New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 17— Steam yacht
Prinzessen Victoria Louise, from Hamburg.
Sailed Jan 17 — Stmr La Champagne, for
Havre; stmr Koln, for Bremen.
BOSTON— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Sannatlan,
from Glasgow.
TO ARRIVE.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Belgian
Klnir, from San Francisco, for Hongkong.
HAVRE — Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Herodot. from
San Francisco, for Hamburg-.
CALLAO-Salled Jan lfc-Stmr Heathcraig.
for Pan Francisco. ¦.
GENOA— Sailed An 17— Stmr Kuerst Bis
marck, from New York, for Alexandria.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Au
guste Victoria, from Hamburg, for New York.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Graf Wal
dersee, from Hamburg, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN- Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Ocean
ic, for New York.
?
Steamer Movements.
MYSTERIOUS DERELICT SCHOONER THAT WAS SIGHTED BT THE GERMAN STEAMSHIP EVA ON THE
1STH IKST. AND TWO DATS LATER WAS REPORTED ASHORE ON THE NORTH ENTRANCE TO GRAYS
HARBOR BT THE STEAMSHIP TOLTON.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 13.
NOTE— Tlie high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
nv« minutes later than at Fort Point; th«
height o( tide Is the same at both places.
Sun: Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Height* of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
associations, the African lands upon the
Mediterranean turn their back upon tha
great division of which they are geograph
ically a part. Egypt, Tunis, Algiers, under
whatever name have always been closely
identified with Europe. So axe they now.
The European rivers are arteries of
communication and commerce. They pro
vide the earliest and the most constant
roads for the traveler and the tradesman.
The African rivers, on the other hand, ara
seldom navigable near their mouth.s.
Though thousands of miles in length ani
of prodigious volume they can rarely be
ascended by a vessel from tho ocean. Tha
suddenness of their descent as, pourlns
down the plateau, they rush to the ocean,
gives rise to innumerable rapids and cat
aracts and falls. Sandbars often, obstruct
approach to their mouths. Moreover far
ther Inland they are sometimea clogged
and rendered well nigh impassable by tha
luxuriant vegetation of the tropics. Lofty
peaks rise here and there ugon the pla
teau, but seldom as parts of one continu
ous chain. Except :hn Atlas Mountains
there are few ranges to constitute tha
boundaries of well defined and compre
hensive watersheds, so tew of the rivers
pursue their course In one fixed direction.
Only after swinging around In enormoui
circles and after having Sowed north,
east, south and west, dc the Congo ana
the Niger find their way to the shor*.
Also Innumerable rivers In tha Interior
never approach the coast, but bury them
selves in immense lakes formed in tha
depressions of the greai plateau.
The fact that It was mainly situated In
the torrid zone was a further and perhaps
the most effective obstacle to tha develop
ment of Africa. Hypothetical achieve
ments have been a^crlbtd to people wh.>
lived on or near the ecuator. out at best
they have left nothing permanent behind
them. Aa a general law where tha soil
Is most exuberant man thrives least. Yet
man less than any other animal Is af
fected by climate. More than any other,
he can adapt himself to circumstances
and protect himself osralnst extremes of
heat and cold. PeopJes Indigenous to tha
tropics have always suecumbad to th»
enervating Influences which surrounded
them. Whether the some result wouli
be seen among tha descendants of Eu
ropeans who from, their ancestors in the
temperate zone had Inherited a hizher
and more virile civilization is a* present
a problem. The 'experiment has. Indeed,
been tried, but only In a few localities
and on a limited scale. It has not as yei
been sufficiently tried to warrant a defin
ite answer. Upon tho determination of
that problem depends the future of Afri
ca. But it will require centuries for Its
solution.
Fifty vears ago barely 600,000 square
miles of African territory acknowledged
European proprietorship. Since then tho
continent has been divided among the
powers as a. dozen men misht divide .1
farm. Thus more than 10,000,000 square
miles of African territory have b«*n "ap
propriated." Morocco. Abyssinia. Liberia
and a part of the unboundedSahan aro
the only regions whlc'u some foreign st&tQ
does not look upon as its own. It will b«
of Interest In a sub3<*auent pap*« to con
sider the relations of these iSuropean
claimants and to Investigate the probable
outcome. EDW1X A. GROSVENOR.
Axaherst College.
There is not time to tell of the intrepli
men and women— for some of the most
dauntless explorers were women — who
since the birth of persons now alive have
more than doubled mankind's knowledge
of Africa. Less than fifty years ago
every map of the unknown continent re
sembled a gigantic figure 8, the northern
loop comprising a larger circle than the
southern. Each loop consisted of a fringe
of land, averaging hardly more than a
hundred miles in width, bounded on its
outer edge by the ocean and shading off
indefinitely toward the interior. The junc
tion of the loops was an ill-defined ban-1
reaching from the Atlantic to the Indian
Ocean. The various territories or states
along this band were vaguely Indicated,
but the space inside each loop was hardly
more than an enormous blank dotted at
Intermediate points with a few uncertain
The revelation of Africa during the last
half-century was the work of David Liv
ingstone more than of any other man. al
most more than of all other men. From
1849 to 1S73, with exhaustless energy and
courage, he traveled in every direction
through its trackless Interior. He was the
first European to cross the continent. He
now elenps in Westminster Abbey. No
man better deserves a final resting place
in that mausqleum of statesmen and ben
efactors of humanity.
Yet notwithstanding all that Living
stone and his predecessors and followers
have accomplished: notwithstanding that
burning human passion impels to discov
ery and exploration; notwithstanding the
gonius of missionary ardor and commer
cial enterprise which no obstacle can dis
courage. Africa is still the dark conti
nent. However large our knowledge of It
to-dav may seem In comparison with the
little "men knew of it in the past, the sum
total of present information is small and
much of It uncertain compared with what
we know of the other great divisions of
the globe.
Bartolomeu Diaz discovered the Cape of
Good Hope in 14S6. Columbus landed at
Watlings Island In 1491 Hence by a strik
ing coincidence Africa was rounded and
the eastern verpe of America laid bare at
almost the same time. Yet In the four
centuries since tho relative development
of the two continents presents a remark
able contrast. Already in Us civilization
America has rivaled Europe. In some of
their achievements Its inhabitants of
European origin have surpassed the an
cient countries from which their ancestors
came. On the other hand, Africa In point
of fact has 'remained stationary. The
colonial settlements planted at rare Inter
vals along the shore and the parceling out
of its territory among the western states
have made scant impression on the great
mass of the continent. Till a very recent
date its chief activity has been the pro
duction of slaves and its chief industry
the elave trade. The raw materials which
now filter to the coast for exportation are
the same as when Carthage, before the
real source of the former, probably the
longest and most famous river in the
world, was not known till Speke discov
ered Lake Victoria Nyanza hardly more
than a generation ago. It is not five
years since Lieutenant Hourst. lirst of
Europeans, descended the Niger from
Timbuctoo to its mouth.
THE SAX, FRAXGISCO CALL, FRIDAY. JANUARY 18, 1901;
All Hands Supposed to Have Been Lost, and .as There Is
Some Doubt About Vessel s Identity Much Anxiety
Exists in Shipping Circles. •
SCHOONER IS REPORTED WRECKED
ON THE HEADS AT GRAYS HARBOR
(Introductory Paper.)
For generations Africa ha3 been called
the dark continent. This at the flcat
glance seems a strange name to apply
to that one of the six divisions of tha
world which is mainly situated In th»
torrid zone and which Is more enveloped
In continuous and blazing sunshine than
any other. Xo part of Xorth America
or Europe or continental Asia extends fir
enough southward to reach the equator.
South America is of the continents the
one in physical character least dissimi
lar to Africa, yet more than one-third
of South American territory Is situated
in the temperate zone. So also are twe
thlrds of the island continent Australia.
But all Africa, except its blunt southern
extremity, the northern part of its great
Sahara and the countries Immediately
adjacent to the Mediterranean Sea, is In
cluded between the tropics of Cancer and
Capricorn; There the rays of sunlight are ;
most direct, the days longest and tha
nights shortest. As far as geographic sit
uation is concerned, the shining continent
or the luminous continent would appear
a more appropriate name. ' \
The term "dark" was applied to Africa
In consequence of the supposed mental
and moral Inferiority of Its inhabitants.
Also it was a portion of the world with
which Europeans were little acquainted,
and the adjective indicated not so much
its condition as the opaque ignorance of
foreigners concerning it.
Even after the daring expeditions un
dertaken by the Portuguese, Prince Hen
ry the Navigator, it was, except a nar
row belt along the shore, shrouded in a
thick veil of obscurity. If not unknowa
ble, it continued at least unknown. The
rest of the globe was becoming familiar,
but Africa remained tha region of mys
tery and perhaps of marvels. In the
eighteenth and nineteenth centuries ad
venturous explorers sought the fountains
of the Nile just aa In the fifteenth cen
tury they had risked their lives in quest
of the kingdom of Prester John. The
learned world, credulous of the fabulou?,
was Inclined to distrust any simple and
unvarnished tale of travels. A man was
credited according as the glowing account
of his wanderinps and experiences taxed
imagination. The Scotchman James
Bruce was the foremost African explorer
of his time. For twelve years he lived
in Africa and pushed farther up the Nile
than any European had ever been. But
the plain, unadorned account of what he
had seen and done was received with al
most universal disbelief. Another travel
er, as daring and perhaps better known,
was Mungo Park. He followed the river
Niger through a large part of Its course
and was finally killed by the natives near
Timbuctoo.- The Nile and the Niger were
on the lips of all geographers. Tet the
The character of the coastline no lesa
than Its meager proportions Is another
disadvantage. Throughout Its center and
south the continent is cne vast plateau,
surprisingly destitute of mountain ranges.
In general the land rises abruptly from
the vicinity of the sea or even from lt»
very borders. Lowlands of any consider
able extent lying between the ocean and
this Interior plateau are seldom seen. So
the shore, as beheld from the water. Is no
less repellent and Inhospitable In appear
ance than It Is In fact. An exception may
be noted in that extended northern trart
which stretches along tha Mediterranean
Sea westward toward Morocco. But south
of that tract Interposes the terrible Great
Sahara to cut It off from the life and des
tiny of Interior Africa. In fact, in th*ir
present relations, as In all their historical
This is the very opposite of what we
observe on the map of Europe. There the
contour is Jagged, broken and most irreg
ular. Bays and gulfs mingle in confusion
with peninsulas, and all the waters are
dotted with hundreds of Islands of various
size. All other things being equal, the
greater the amount of coast line in pro
portion to the Included area the greater
that area's accessibility and probability
of development. Europe possesses one
mile of coast to ever}' 1ST square miles of
territory. Africa possesses but one mile
of coast to every 737 square miles of ter
ritory. Thus nature has been In this re
gard four times more generous to Europe
than to Africa.
Some of these obstacles will be rendered
evident by a glance at the map. First to
be noted is the regular and monotonous
contour of the coast line. Sharp, deep
bays and prolonged gulfs nowhere pro
ject into the land. Peninsulas nowhere
thrust themselves into the sea. Conse
quently there la corresponding absence of
natural harbors and ports of entry. ' The
Islands near the coast are exceedingly
few and small. Only toward the north
west are there groups like the Canaries,
the Madeiras and the Cape Verdes, and
they are distant from one another and
from the shore. The one large African
island — Madagascar— Is separated from the
mainland by a channel broader than the
Red Sea. no less than 290 miles In width.
birth of Christ, was the emporltrm of th»
Southern Mediterranean.
For tbe Isolation of Africa, from th» rest
of the world, for Its practical inaccessi
bility and for tbe stagnant condition of
African Ufa the physical formation and
the geographic situation of the continent
are responsible. The3© factors have pre
sented Invincible obstacles to Its progress
and development in the past. Centuries
hence, when other rejrtons become over
crowded with population and 'when man
better understands how to grapple with
and subdue the forces of nature, these ob
stacles will be reduced to a minimum.
They will be diminished, if not overcome.
But at present, and for a period In the
future so long as to baffle calculation,
they constitute almost insuperable bar
riers to advance-
7
Steamer.
I
From.
I Due.
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan. IS I
San Pedro Humboldt Jan. IS j
Coronado....... Grays Harbor Jan. IS j
Argo Co<iullle River Jan. 13
Mandalay CoquUle ;IUver Jan. 18
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. 18
Bristol Comoi /. Jan. 18
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Jon. 18
Hero Japan via. San Diego.. Jan. 18
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 19
Matteawan [Tacoma Jan. 19
Acapulco [Panama & Way Ports Jan. 19
Hyades Seattle I Jan. 19
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Jan. 30
Bonlta Newport Jan.. 20 j
Queers San Diego Jan. 20 •
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 20 j
South Portland. Portland and Astoria... Jan. 21 i
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. 21 i
Pomona (Humboldt Jan. 21
North Fork iHumboldt Jan. 23
St. Paul Panama ....: Jan. 22
State of Cal...\ Victoria A Puget Sound Jan. 22
Fulton Grays Harbor Jan. 22
Corona Newport Jan. 23
Jeanie Seattle Jan. 23
Santa Rosa San Diego |Jan. U
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.) Pier.
January- 18.
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Zealandla.... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Newport Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
G. \V. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Argo Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
.innnnry 10.
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Coronado . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N What. 6 pm Pier 2
Callfornlan.. Honolulu 5 pm Pier 10
January HO.
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 8
January -i.
Umatllla Victoria & Pgt Sd 9 am Pier 11
San Pedro Humboldt ....'. 10 am Pier 2
Eureka ...Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
Empire Coos Bay. 12 m Pier IS
Jntiiiitry --.
Arcata.. Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay Coqullle River 9 am Pier 2
I Jnniinry 23.
Columbia 'Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Queen... ! San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts 9 pm Pier 7
.liiimury 2*.
Hongk'g Mas China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
January 115.
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Sun rises 7:23
Bun seta 5:17
Moon rises 6:23 a. m.
• JTlme Tlm« Time Time
n Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
O.UW HW LW HW
18... 8:0S S.O 9:10 6.0 4:14—0.7 ll:2S 4.J
19... 3:54 2.8 9:36 «.O 4:52— «.»
H W .- • L, W II W L. W
W ... 0:04 5.0 4:39 1.6 10:41 6.0 6:31 —0.9
21 ... 0:40.6.1 5:27 2.3 11:30 6.0 6:14—0.6
22... 1:14 5.3 6:18 2.1 12:21 6.7 6:5i—0.3
2J ... 1:49 6.4 7:11 2.2 1:15 S.4 7:34 0.2
21 ... 2:£3 5.5 8:00 1:« 2:14 6.0 8:19 0.7
Steamer.
I
From.
I Due.
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan. IS I
San Pedro Humboldt Jan. IS j
Coronado....... Grays Harbor Jan. IS j
Argo Co<iullle River Jan. 13
Mandalay CoquUle ;IUver Jan. 18
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. 18
Bristol Comoi /. Jan. 18
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Jon. 18
Hero Japan via. San Diego.. Jan. 18
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 19
Matteawan [Tacoma Jan. 19
Acapulco [Panama & Way Ports Jan. 19
Hyades Seattle I Jan. 19
Empire Coos Bay Jan. 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Jan. 30
Bonlta Newport Jan.. 20 j
Queers San Diego Jan. 20 •
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 20 j
South Portland. Portland and Astoria... Jan. 21 i
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. 21 i
Pomona (Humboldt Jan. 21
North Fork iHumboldt Jan. 23
St. Paul Panama ....: Jan. 22
State of Cal...\ Victoria A Puget Sound Jan. 22
Fulton Grays Harbor Jan. 22
Corona Newport Jan. 23
Jeanie Seattle Jan. 23
Santa Rosa San Diego |Jan. U
Sun rises 7:23
Bun seta 5:17
Moon rises 6:23 a. m.
• JTlme Tlm« Time Time
n Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
O.UW HW LW HW
18... 8:0S S.O 9:10 6.0 4:14—0.7 ll:2S 4.J
19... 3:54 2.8 9:36 «.O 4:52— «.»
H W .- • L, W II W L. W
W ... 0:04 5.0 4:39 1.6 10:41 6.0 6:31 —0.9
21 ... 0:40.6.1 5:27 2.3 11:30 6.0 6:14—0.6
22... 1:14 5.3 6:18 2.1 12:21 6.7 6:5i—0.3
2J ... 1:49 6.4 7:11 2.2 1:15 S.4 7:34 0.2
21 ... 2:£3 5.5 8:00 1:« 2:14 6.0 8:19 0.7
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.) Pier.
January- 18.
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Zealandla.... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Newport Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
G. \V. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Argo Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
.innnnry 10.
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Coronado . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N What. 6 pm Pier 2
Callfornlan.. Honolulu 5 pm Pier 10
January HO.
Santa Rosa... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 8
January -i.
Umatllla Victoria & Pgt Sd 9 am Pier 11
San Pedro Humboldt ....'. 10 am Pier 2
Eureka ...Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
Empire Coos Bay. 12 m Pier IS
Jntiiiitry --.
Arcata.. Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Mandalay Coqullle River 9 am Pier 2
I Jnniinry 23.
Columbia 'Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Queen... ! San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts 9 pm Pier 7
.liiimury 2*.
Hongk'g Mas China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
January 115.
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
AMUSEMENTS.
LIST NIGHTS! LAST NIGHTS!
EVENINGS at 8. MATINEE SATURDAY at 1
CINDERELLA!
MO%T>AT NEXT— Perfect Production of
"THE FENCING MASTER."
POPULAR PRICES 25 and C9 cents.
Telephone— Busn ».
THE ORFHEOTS BIGGEST SHOW TET.
SAM LOCKHART'S
BABY ELEPHANTS!
EUGENE O'ROUHKE AND COMPAJfT.
E'.'.iy Link, the Fire Olraes, J. F. Crosby Jr.,
Inez Fonsan ana Company, the Willy
Coi;!r.is. Joe Santley. Bettine Gerard.
THE GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
RpK-rve<3 s^ats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
¦ad b'x seats, v<>c.
Mat:n«cs Wednesday. Saturday and Bonday.
Alf E::.r.rhous* Prop, and Manager
Phone South 770.
— TRTTLT—
THE ONLT FUNNY SHOW IN TOWN.
Be advised. Secure your seats now.
TO-NIGHT at *:15. All Th!»= W<"*k. MATINEE
TO-MORROW (SATURDAY).
Wni A. Hracr and Joseph Grismer's Produc-
tion, the New York Manhattan Theater
&rreair.lr.K Comedy Sucess.
A STRANQfcRk N
STRANGE LAND
You w!ll l&uffh until yon cry.
T\~E 2ic. Zlc. 60c and 75o
MAT 1EC 25c. 2£c and 6Cc
N«-xt Punflay Afternoon, tbe Musical Farce-
Cr,m<-.;y. "THK FTAR BOARDER."
GRAMD 1 OPERA. MOUSE
WATINEKS SATT-p.nAT ANT> SUNDAY.
LAST THBED NIGHTS..
He&ry Arthur Jones' Famous Play,
THR
ROGUE'S COMEDY.
A Perfonnaoce that Appeals to the Refined and
Intelligent.
Monday— "THE MOTH AND THE FLAME."
PRICES-lOc, 15c, 25c. 60c
A F«w Front Rows In Orchestra. 75 Cents.
Good Reserved Seats in Orchestra at All Mat-
inees, 2S Cents.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
Coming — Bernbsrdt and Coqne'in.
oLVheatr e^a ?
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE TO-MORROW, Saturday.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In THE ADVENTURES OF
NELL GWYNNE
JCext Week— Tn» Pretty Comedy.
SWEET LAVENDER.
EEATS NOW READY.
Prices l&c, 25o, t5c. tOo.
RACING I RACING I RACING I
1300— WINTER MEETING— 13CL
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DHC. 21 TO JAN. 1», INCTA'SIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Ra.ln or. shine.
Five or more race* each day.
Races elan at S:i.' p. in. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave Ean Francisco at 12 m. and
V: :*¦!. L 1:30, 2, 2:30 and Z p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping &t the entrance to the
tra'-lc. Last • two car* on train reserved for
ladies asd their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Fhell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avnue
electric can at Se-vrntli and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda. mole con-
Cert with Ean Pablo avenue oars at Fourteenth
¦nd Broadway, Oakland. Th^re electric cars
go direct to the trark In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track a.t 4:15 and
4:45 r- tn. and Immediately aXter tt» last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
JL B. MILROT, Secretary.
AMUSEMENTS.
BELASCO *>"> THALCSjfefftp
Phone South fitt.
NOW THOROUGHLY HEATED WITH STEAM
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
The most brilliant play of the century,
ThB TWO ORPHANS
Magnificent Scenery, Oorreous Costumes, etc
Appraruce Niffhtly. Prof. Graeber's Banjo,
Mandolin and Guitar Club (100 members).
PDIfPC Evenings— 10c 15c. Re, J5c, 60c
I iVlCL J Matinee— 10c. 15c. Ko.
NEXT WEEK— The Bl* Melodramatic Suc-
cegg. "DARKEST RUSSIA."
TWO MORE NIGHTS, MATCfEB SATURDAY
ONLY.
"A BREEZY TI7Y\E."
SEATS NOW ON SALE
For the engagement of
MRS. FISKE
"BECKY SHARP."
ONXY MATINEE SATURDAY.
PRICES-U. J1.B0. II. 75c. BOc
Ko reservations by phone,
AAI IIUDIA £A« FRANCISCO'S
UULUIfiPlH 1XAD1.NQ THEATRE
All A3 BIO A DRAWING CARD
THIS "1V/IY
DOWN
WBBK. EAST."
HXTRA-8ATURDAT AFTERNOON
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. »S HALL,
Concert by the Buperb Prlma Donna Soprano,
MDLLE. DOLORES (^SSSS.)
Reserved Beats, $1 50 and fl. ready at Sher-
man & Clay's store.
CHUTES ANJ3ZOO *:tf£Z£ n
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON >•*.:
JUVENILE PERFORMERS' DAY.
TO-MORROW NIGHT
MONSTER CAKEWALK.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
FISCHFR' 5 ? CONCERT HOUSE.
natnena AdmiMion ioc.
Oro Bernard and Oro; Marie D. Woods, Sid
Baxter, Mile. Atlantis, Rousell Brothers, J. T.
Powers, Edythe Lesly and Others.
Reserved Beats go. Matinee Sunday.
DAI A PC These hotels pos-
p^L^JjQ se«s the attributes
1 that tourists and
QJlfj travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location.
RRANI1 Iibcral mana *e-
UtlHllU ment, modern ap-
II ft TCI 0 pointments and
H U I L LU I P erf . ect cuisine.
' American and Eu-
Sail FranCiSCO. ropean plans.
P3 vKShV m. TJfflkiM Ta 7^ HT a>- iw
U bTS fa g&3 si &§ bT&JI
t FAVORITE
SCRIPTS
-K WEAK WOMEN.
. APVKBTISETVrRTTTS. - ••', ¦
R lj S O<F ** - nl
Ih^ff Sfe'.f
fo£ , It's seldom that you have a chance to buy shoes at a gen- l £$
t»;^ tiine Retiring Sale — }*oti have even less chance of buying good >*•£
£'l£ shoes at such low prices as we are asking. The Mutual Sav- 0 t
<f& i-ftS Bank has given us notice to vacate, so we retire for good.
as Come while the stock is extensive and buy your shots at half- w
i/j. price, and even less in some instances. Here are just a few
jgf values: J&
gr Ladies' p'ain toe button shoes, hand-welted, the well- i'f?
«*? known Komfort $3-£O shoes, price cut to A!£
i $2.10 f!
Z- 1*1
*t=,* Think of the many things you ran buy with this $1.40 *i£
?VI saved on the shoes. fe*
>" ; t-,
K? Ladies' satin quilted Romeos in blue, white, pink, black
£ zr.i brown, reduced from $2.00 to f»i
1 SI. 10 j
¦'• v Ladies' golf boots in box calf or kid, regular $3-5° shoes, *£
ff but, regardless of the price, they go for *;£
i $2 - 15 • i,
Hf" Men's waterproof seal shoes, such as are sold generally for $yj
r > v $5 .00, now to be closed out tor ?°V-
t -y Men's light fine dress shoes in vici or calf '¦] 3 „ .$¦
% — ¦ %
'vv Children's ar.d boys' groods greatly reduced; also rubbers #^
££ and felt goods marked down; slippers and house goods — in «?£
fact, everything in the store— has been reduced to sell them « l
r-O out immediately. Sm
'i , Fixtures, includin g a fine safe and store ladders, for sale. *|3
«Wr We ciose at 6 p. ra. and en Saturdays at II p. m. &M
1 7O4 Market st |
ADVERTISEMENTS. : C/ ;^
The CATTLERANOiPM
brought to y° ur i$|araH r^
EXTRACT ™^r j? E SffSl?8
OF BEEF. M | 1ICU ™ U |
Prepared from J$jj} f . ft*V<H
•/the 6 best bed Mf Wc\ A "R
by the best pro*£|£ Y^ w » Lu e B
BAJA CALrFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
| ti A GREAT KESTO14AT1VE, lkviUORA-
• tor and Nervine,
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER, ALFB & BRUNEI. - Agents, •
123 Market st.. S. F.— (Send for Circular*.)Otto Cribb and Dutch Thurston. Alec
Grejjgains' stormy fighter, wound up the
reel of training yesterday afternoon,
Cribb at Blanken's and Thurston at the
Seal Rock House. Both have trained
faithfully and well. The Australian
la the choice of the talent, the rea
son for which being his creditable per
formance against Frank McConnell last
Club before tho San Francisco public,
more than the usual quantum of interest
is manifested in the outcome.
month. Thurston is the same hardy
youngster, full of physical strength and
muscular pliancy.
The betting on the principal event ia
very light. Jack Root, known to this city
through his fight with Alec GregKains, is
on the long end of 10 to 7 odds. As far as
condition goes both men are . in prime
shape. Root strips in perfect condition,
though Byers is the more muscular of the
two. There are many "wise ones" who
have seen Byers inside the ropes and they
pick him to win.
I _OAKLAN'D RACETRACK TritJRSDAY. JAXTTART 17.— Weather tee. Track j>eavT
1OOO. FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
— - __ _ __ . ,.. Betting
Index Horee, Age, Weight Pst St. %. V*. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op.. HI. Cl. PI.
1C46 Free- Lance, a... US 7 4 J<i !H 11 11^4 Mounce 3-2 2 J-3 3-S
1646 Grand Sachem, 6.109 5 Slh lh 23 14 Buchanan ..4 4 14-5 4-S
M47 Mike P.lce. a 112 22 4S it 31 I 12 Coburn 15 15 12 4
1643 Wallenstein. 4. ...110 So 5J 51 42 4 h O'Connor ... 5-2 5 9-2 9-5
1CT.1 Fllle d*Or. 4 110 4 « «S 6 15 5 4 5 6 J. Miller 15 80 30 10
1614 Game Warden. 3. 90 1 1 21 ZH <10 (S iRansch 15 20 10 4
1431 Senator Matts. 5.119 6 7 7 7 7 7 1 Marsha 1 1 ... 30 150 150 40
Time— K. :1S?4: «i. :3»: H. 1:04: ?». 1:30. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. W. H. Ketcheman's ch. h. by imp. Cavaller-L*dy Alice. Free Lane* no
wonder, but a better weight packer than Sachem. Mike Rice late at roll call. Wallensteln
ran with a chest protector and mask on. He has bad "dogs." Game Warden speed for
a panel or two. Scratched— Litmus 101,_ Wo^StMminjU.
iftOl. SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olda and up; purse. $400.
**<>• / ' Betting .,
Index Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. • *i. f*. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
.... The Light. E 105 51 11 lh In 11 Domlntck .. 9-19 i 7~ii) 1I4
164S ITlng-a-Llns. 4 111 71 lh 42 4! *ns Cbburn 10 40 40 •
1654 lAbbyleli -TL. 4 lOt 63 41 SI 3h 31 Stuart 75 20» 200 4O
Oold Lace. 4 Ill 3 5 tM 22 2».»45 O'Connor ... 2 4 (-2 4-5
1303 Beautiful Bill, 4.106 44 53 5h 51 55 Basslnger 10 SO » g
.... Lllla. 4 113 8 S I I 8 6 2 Bergen 40 IPO 1W 30
1*13 Har. Gwynne. a.. 110 J7 72 76 62 71 Enos 40 100 75 40
1645 Dr. Cave. 4 106 16 «2 6*»71 8 Mounce g 7 « 7-5
Time— 1-16. :C7; S-16. :19}4: 7-16 :44; 5W. 1:10. Bad starT Won first three driving, win
ner. Hughes & Elliott's ch. m. by Uncle Jeig-Barbary Maid. The Light flickered at the
finish, but didn't blow out. Gold Lace will do better next time. Dr. Cave away none too
- w .f li JM?*1 i*£ JE^f j"_ r j'l'*j 1^ a r* <3old Baron 107 » Mainstay 110.
1OU2. THIRD RACE- Three and a half furtorgs; two-year-old flllies; pursw. $400.
— _— — , Betting
Index Horsa and Weight Pst St %. \. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. W.
1644 Dorene ....110 10 1 ... 12 ... 1 3 Buchanan .. 1-2 - 3-5 1-2 —
1644 Larghetta 104 6 3 ... 3 3 ... S n Coburn 12 29 20 7
Louwelsea 107 4 5 ... th ... 3 2 O'Connor ... 8 10 T 3
1644 Minerva 107 9 4 ... 4 H ... 4 2 Mounce 5 8 8 3-2
1625 Torila 104 2 3 ... It ... 6 2 Domtnlck .. 6 1J 12 4
Gartha 107 6 S ... 8 1 ..„ .61 J. Woods S 40 40 10
1620 Presten* 104 19 ... 7 H ... 7 H F/nos 8 15 10 4
.... Parlzade 109 3 7 ... 9 2 ... 8 1 Wallace .... • • • •
1578 Gv«a 0 104 7 10 ... 10 ... 9 2 Meany 15 40 30 ?
1C44 Carson Beauty. -.104 8 6 ... 6 h ... 10 B rod I en 80 150 150 40
Time— 3-16. :19; 3^if. :44. Poor start. Won eaflly. Second and third driving. Winner.
Burns & Waterhouse's b. f. by Torso-Decoy Duck. Doren* away flying. Larghetta will
bear^watching^So^willLouwelsea. Evea O almost left. »Coup|ed wlth^ Of-rtha.
1G«3. FOURTH RACE — One mile and a sixteenth; selling; 3-year-olds and np; parse. $400.
V ~~ t Bettlnr — n
InJex Horse. Ag>. Weight. Pst St. U. %. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1635 Opponent. 6 UX> 5 5 4 H *H 32 11 O'Connor ... 4-5 4-5 7-10 1-4
1591 Sir Rolla. 6 109 11 6 22 11 JS T>omlnlck ._ » S 3 4-S
1651 iNone Such, 6 103 42 32 lh 2h 32 Bergen 15 100 100 1~>
1617 lAUcia, a 102 8 3 3 H 3 H 4 8 48 Coburn 8 9 8 3
1579 |Wax. 4 110 2 4 lh 8 5 8 Buchanan ..486 8-5
Time— 1-16. :07; 5-16. :32H: 9-1S. :5SH: 13-16. l:24\i: mile. 1:45: 1 l-l«m. 1:51^. Good start.
Won first three drivinjr. Winner. J. Coft>y"s ch. t.. -7 Onondaro-Elstnore. Only strong rid
ing landed Opponent first. Sir Rolla faltered last furlong. Alicia outclassed. Wax has bad
hocks and wanted to run out.
1CO4. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; threo-yea r-olds and opward; purse. $400.
I Po - '¦ 1 B«ttlng —^^
Index I Horre. Age. Weight. Pst St. U. H. Str. Fin. Jockeyi. Op. HI. Cl. PI?
163ft tMasrsrle Davis. 5.. 105 «3 1H11 12 15 ICoburn" t 3 14I5 7
H621) Rollick. 3 92 6* 31 21 21 2H tRan<.ch 2 5-2 2 4-5
(15S4) iBab. 3 100 36 42 44 SH33U. Miller.... S 7-2 7-2 6-5
1287 IFormero. 6 1181 2 18 « 6 4! iMounce 6 6 11-3 J
156* lEdgardo. 4 1091 45 51 51 52 51 iBergen 10 30 SO «
16<S IParmenlon. 4 ....107( 1433 3»j 45 6 jOTonnor ... 8 10 » 8
Time— U. :25: H. :49H; %. 1:15. Good start. Won easily. Second all eutl Third driving
Winner. W. M. Sloan's &.' m. by Sayre-Llzzis C Magrg-Je a gay one to-day. Coburn ap
parently knows her faults. Rollick quit Bab might have won If away better and differ
ently handled. Formero will Improve.
IOCS. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
Po. Z " j P-ttlor
Index Horse, Age. "Weight. Pst SC *i. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI./ Cl. PI?
1408 Sweet Caporal, 5.102 98 lh 22 ... 12 Coburn 6 8 13T5 1
.... Nullah. 4 99 3 5 2 3 1H ... J3 Dominlck... « « 5 »
1626 Handlcapper. 4.. .101 76 4H32 ... 35 Martin 8-5 16-5 3 «J
1642 Fidel Toulln. 4. ..100 6 8 5 1 4 3 ... 4h J. Miller.... 12 *© 15 g
1630 Pilot. 4 101 51 61 6 2 ... «3 Mounce « 7 T *
16tt Jennie Reid. 6.. ..102 10 • 9 3 IH ... 6 3 Buchanan 8 10 9 3
1653 Md. Ferguson, 5.104 17 Pi II ... 7 2 Enos 8 13 12 4
1642 Casdale, 5 105! 24 7h 92 ... 82 Basslnger 4 8 S j
1607 Alturas. 5 104! 8 3 8 3 7h ... 9 3 IF. Kelly 20 60 60 20
1652 JKat»lada. 3 S7| 4 |10 10 10 ... 10 |Hoar 20 lfW) 1QQ 40
Time— 1 ;, :25; H. :50; \. 1:15H. Fair. start. Won ridden out Second and thlrfl driving 'Win
ner. R. W. Street's ch. m. by Hyderbad-Frugal. All the "smokers' 1 backed the winner
which was away flylnir. Xullah was knocking. Handicapper otitfooted. Fidel Toolln ran
well. Casdale performed poorly. Scratched — Mary Klnsella 102. Great Bend 107.
Sixth race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward: purse:
1618 Rosalbra 108 j(1653)FT«mero 1P6
1663 Dunbov 105 j 1659 Osmond 106
1494 Clarando 103 / 1565 Dangers. Mald.103
15S6 Socialist 105/(1642)Monrovia 108
Fifth race — One mile; four- Tear-olds and up
ward: «ellln::
I647)PrestidiKltator 102 [ ll«46) Wyoming 195
1659 Owensboro 1031 1652 Loneliness SI
1633 Herculean 1021
upward: the Our Climate handicap:
1664)MaS(cie Davis.. 91» 1644 Cougar 100
1647 Isallne 105 1580 Theory 120
1565Woo8ter Boy.. .120 'i5S3)Joe Prey 115
Fourth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
Third race— Futurity course; four-year-olds
and utiward; selling:
.... Parader 116 159S Mocorlto 133
(1623)Salntly 107 1577 St. Cuthbert....lC7
1592 Vohlcer 110
Second race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
purse:
1608 Tony Leppinsr..ll2| 1655 Moonbrlght ....107
1660 Game Warden 1 :. 109 1612 Phil Archibald 112
1498 Scallywag 109 1612 St. Rica 10*
1633 Birdie Stone. . ..107 ' 1643 Lucidia .107
Conditions and Weights.
Following are the conditions and
weights for the San Leandro selling
handicap to be decided to-morrow:
The San Leandro, a Belling handicap
for four-year-olds and upward; top weight
not to ertceep 115 pounds: each to be entered
to be sold for $700. Prize $500, of which $70
Koos to second and $30 to third. Entries close
Thursday. January 17; weights and accept
ances, Friday, January 18. One mile and a
furlong: Formero 115, Horton 115, Greenock
112. Flush of Gold 108. Lena 108, Topmast 107.
Ow«>nsboro \ 107. Opponent 105. Sir Kolla. 1M.
Bathos 104. Ix>u Rey 103, Lococnee 101, Morlnel
100, The Bobby 100, Free Lance 100, Lady Med
dlesome 1C0, Grand Sachem 92, Essence 90.
Ulm SO.
To-Day's Entries.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race — Five and a half furlongs; four
yfai-olrts and upward; Belling;:
157T Aurora B 10E 164S Dr. Boyle 103
1547 Jolly Briton. ...103 164S Lit. Mincn Jr..l07
1624 William F 103 1618 King's Pal 103
1624 Gold Baron 107 164S Hind. Prlncess.105
1582 Burdoc 103 164S Mad Anthony.. .107
THERE was no complaint at the
doings or actions of the favorites
at Oakland track yesterday. The
track was c*uppy, notwithstanding
which five of the six first choices
finished In front. No particular Jockey
shone to any advantage, although "Monk"
Coburn did conclude the exercises by cap
turing the last two races on the card. It
is perhaps useless to add that the attend
ance was large and that Mr. Caldwell was
in fairly good form with the flag. The
veteran starter has not been seen at his
best during the present meeting. If he
would pay a little more attention to the
favorites while at the post there would
be less comment. Of course first choice's
are not entitled to a "shade"; just an even
break, that's all.
It most assuredly looked, at the weights,
as If Free Lance should carry the most
support of the seven starters In the open
ing seven furlong run, and Harry Stover's
horse closed a 3 to 2 favorite. The big
fellow had Mounce up, and after leading
the latt half won easily from Grand
Sachem, the second choice. Mike Rice ran
third. -
Although Gold Lace was highly touted
to win the five and a half furlong scram
ble following, the smart money went in
on The Light. The Montana bred filly.
i owned by Hughes & Elliott, was backed
from 7 to 5 down to 7 to 10, and won, rid
den out by Dominlck. Fighting it out for
the place, Ting-a-Llng. a 40 to.l chance,
got the decision over —obyleix L, a 200 to
1 shot, by a nose. Gold Lace swerved per
ceptibly the last sixteenth, finishing in
fourth place.
Burns & AVaterhouse took the two-year
old dash with the speedy Dorene. The
Torso nlly was backed to 1 to 2 favoritism,
andtgetting away in advance of her field
was. never headed. Driving hard,
Larghetta snatched the place from Lou
welsea by a neck.
Close on this came the victory of Oppo
nent, first choice for the mile and a six
teenth selling affair. O'Connor had the
leg up on the consistent little chestnut
horse, and lt took .desperate urging to
overtake and down Sir Holla a length. The
winner always had first call in the bet
ting, finally going Into the starter's hands
a 7 to 10 favorite. Wax made a bluff of
lt for a quarter, then retired to his cor
ner. He has bad legs and carried no
stable money.
While Rollick was the selected and pre
ferred one for the fifth recital, lt was
plainly apparent that Maggie Davis was
not to be despised. Coburnwas carded to
ride the""mare.' and he ha« her in front
almost from the jump. Rollick and Bab
had it nip and tuck for the place, but
Maggie reached the stand first by five
lengths. J. Miller on Bab did not get
away from the post well, neither did he
use the best judgment, all of which mili
tated against the filly's chances.
"Doc" street's fast mare, Sweet Cap
oral, carried the sharp support In the
closing six furlong spin. Backed to 13 to
5 favoritism, she led from start to finish.
Domlnick on Nullah disposed of Handl
capper for the place.
By y. E. X/EXJIjIIOIjXj-AJNTD.
The Light Outsprints Her. Field First time Out— Sweet
Caporal Wins, Heavily Played. .
FAVORITES TAKE EVERY RACE ON
THE CARD AT OAKLAND BUT ONE
DOMESTIC PORT.
ORATB HARBOR— Sailed Jaa 17— Stmr Coro.
nado, for 8an Francisco.
Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Newburg, henca Jaa 13.
ARRIVED.
¦ Thursday, January 17.
Stmr Geo Lobmls, Bridsett, 33 hours from
San Pedro.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
BOSTON. Jan. 17.— The referee in the
contested mile professional race at the
Park Square Garden Tuesday -night de
cided against Major Taylor, who finished
first, and first money goes to A. W. Ross
second to Archie McEachern; third to R*
A. Walthour and fourth to Hugh McLean'
Major Taylor Disqualified.
Walcott Loses on a Foul.
HARTFORD. Conn., Jan. 17.— Kid Car
ter of Brooklyn was given the decision on
a foul over Joe Walcott in the nineteenth
round of their fight to-night before the
Empire. Athletic Club. Walcott < held
Carter -and struck him in the. face when
the referee was separating them. Carter
had the better of the fight, except in the
seventh, tenth and thirteenth rounds.
Walcott nearly had him out In the tenth
round, when the bell : saved him.
Tommy Ryan Wins.
SPRINGFIELD, 111.. Jan. 17.-Syracuse
Tommy Ryan defeated Jack • Faucholte.
the "Fighting Dutchman," of Chicago,
here to-night In * the thl^d round of what
was to have been a twenty-round contest
Police Committee Cites Managers of
Twentieth Century Athletic
Club to Appear Before It.
The Supervisors' Police Committee de
cided yesterday to cite the managers of
the Twentieth Century. Athletic Club to
apear before it regarding Its contemplated
exhibition between Sharkey and McCoy.
The members of the committee expressed
themselves as opposed to allowing the
bout to take place on account of the al
leged crookedness of the two pugilists and
if the fight Is not called off the permit
granted to the club for next month may
be rescinded.
The application of the Columbia Athletic
Club to give a professional boxing exhibi
tion during Marrh was denied, as the club
has not- -yet paid its annual license of
11000.;
SUPERVISORS OPPOSE
McCOY-SHAlKEY BOUT
An appreciative audience gathered at
the benefit entertainment given by the Co
lumbia Minstrel Company at Metropolitan
Temple last evening In aid of the families
of those killed or injured in the accident
at the San Francisco and Pacific Glass
Works on ThankBglving day. A creditable
performance was given by a number of
clever amateurs Under the direction of
W. W. Brackett. George Cheney was in
terlocutor of the first part, and the end
men were W. W. Brackett. E. Hogan,
Lloyd Spencer, E. Lambert, Henry Jor
dan and C. M. Freed, each of whom sane
a coon song. Sentimental ballads were
rendered by E. C. Franklin. F. A. Grlfflng
R. W. Jones, P. A. Dunsworth, George
Cheney, J. G. Olennan. A. C: Heslop and
Hobart Cavanagh. During the finale Mas
ter Edward HIggins gave a baton exhibi
tion which elicited much applause
The second part was devoted to special
l? os Ji y M 'ss Gladys Montague, dancing
by Edward Higglns and vocal eelections
by George Cheney, assisted by the Ameri
can Quartet— A. Bette, R. W. Jones F A.
Griffing and P. A. Dunsworth. '
COLUMBIA MINSTRELS
GIVE A BIG BENEPIT
Clever Performance in Aid of Famil
ies of Dead and Injured in
Thanksgiving Disaster.
Struggle.
A new name will be Inscribed upon the
San Francisco Golf Club Council's cup
for women inconsequence of yesterday's
play on the Presidio links. In the final
round of the competition for the trophy
Miss Ilager, winner in the semi-final
round, was matched against Mrs. R. Gil
man Brown, who had drawn the bye. Mrs.
R. G. Brown was in excellent form and
won by the ample margin of 7 up, -5 to
play, over eighteen holes.
Mrs. Brown will receive a miniature
replica in silver of the Council's cup and
will have her name and score engraved
upon the large trophy, to the possession of
which she Is entitled until the next com
petition. The only other name on the
trophy is that of Miss Alice C. Hoffman,
who won the first two competitions. The
next contest will take place toward the
end of February.
Third Competition for the Women's
Golf Trophy Ends Without a
COUNCIL'S CUP IS WON
BY MBS. R. G. BROWN
Braunhart — They would not pay any at
tention to it. With due respect to the
board. I rpcak authoritatively as to that.
The members are too busy to pay any at
tention to a request of that kind. They
¦would simply glance at it and throw it
into the waste basket. The best plan
would be to send a communication to tho
Er p aker of the House and th#» President
of the Senate, if you are going to take
any action at all. The mere mailing of
your, resolution will only be time lost
Tcbln— We want to do the right thing.
Reed— Why would not this be the way
out of It. Inasmuch as we have prohib
ited poolselllng of all kinds, we don't care
to cake aay recommendations in the mat-
Tobin — I would like to see bill shut
up the poolrooms in Sausalito. We might
sond a recommendation to the Legislature
cv. the subject.
Tobin— I would be glad to see It become
a law if lt would prevent the selling of
pools on boxing contests, cycling events
or other athletic events, inside or outside
a building.
Stafford— I guess the easiest way out o?
it !s to put lt on fila.
Tobin— I don't like to report It. Let the
beard place lt on file.
Stafford— We might report in favor of
its indefinite postponement.
Braunhart— This is an exact copy of a
bill Introduced by Atherton at the last
session to prevent poolselllng In Sausalito.
It passed the Assembly, but was defeated
In the Senate.
Tobin— We ought not only to report
against this bill, but to report a bill cut
ting down the racing season. They ought
to cut down their racing season to ninety
days.
Reed— Why, this bill restrict* no one
else, bo far as I can see, but us.
Reed— If you think that this act would
authorize the selling of pools in this city,
I would recommend that lt be placed on
file.
Stafford— Yes, that's my opinion. They
will adopt all these subterfuges to get
around it. r . -
Tobin— I don't think this bill cuts any
difference In the world with the Ingleside
track.
Stafford— I would prefer that the bill be
not passed. They will hold these boxing
contests In the center of town and they
will sell all kinds of pools.
After disposing of a number of minor
matters Secretary Russell read a type
written draft of the Kelshaw bill. Super
visor Reed then handed Supervisor Staf
ford a printed copy of the act and stated
that he was in Sacramento last Monday
and Senator Belshaw asked him to pre
sent it to him. At the request of Chair
man Tobin Stafford read it aloud. At
the conclusion of the reading the follow
ing discussion took ylace:
Reed— Senator Belshaw asked me to say
this to you, Mr. Stafford: That this bill
eimply prohibited the Felling of pools out-
Side of racetracks and did not limit the
racing season.
Stafford— If the ordinance prohibited
them from selling pools outside a race
trajck, would it prohibit them from sell-
Ing pools Inside of Ingleside track?
Tcbln— It would seem to me that this is
polng to open the door for all these
things. The very moment you have pool
telling In this city on boxing matches you
destroy the effect of the ordinance. It is
the same in San Jose, Los Angeles, Sacra
mento and Sausalito. Los Angeles is a
hot bed for poolselllng, Just as Sausalito
Is, and I sympathize with the people of
Bausallto, who want to get rid of it. The
only objection I see to the bill Is that lt
would allow poolselllng on boxing exhi
bitions In the building. I think we had
better pass it by and make no recom
mendation at all.
The committee feared to take favorable
action, believing if they did they would
¦weaken the ordinance passed by them
some months ago, which stopped pool sell
ing within the city and county of San
Francisco. Upon mot'oa made by Super
visor Reed it was recommended that ac
tion on the bill be indefinitely postpone!
upon the ground that this city had pro
hibited pool selling and the law advocated
by Senator Belshaw could not affect San
Francisco, but would affect counties over
which the -^Supervisors of San Francisco
had no jurisdiction.
The merits of the measure were dis
cussed at length by the committee, which
is composed of Supervisors Tobin. Reed
end Stafford, and Suoervisor Braunhart
end Mayor Phelan, who were present,
added their opinions.
At a meeting of the Police Committee of
the Board of Eupervi&ors held yesterday
afternoon it was unanimously decided not
to indorse the bill introduced in the Sen
ate by Bel*haw of Centra Costa and
Marin which has for its object the re
stricting of pool selling to the places
where contests are held.
Tobin— Let us recommend such an act if
you think it will do any good.
Braunhart— 1 don't think you can pass
such a bill.
Stafford— We are simply called upon to
recommend the passage of the Belshaw
act and not to ask about the curtailing of
the racing season.
Tobin— I think the racing in this vicin
ity should be cut in half. What shall we
do— refer this matter to the City Attor
ney?
Reed— There is a motion to postpone lt.
I don't think that our action will have
any effect upon the Legislature.
Tobin— We can get an opinion from the
City Attorney by Saturday.
Reed— We might as well get rid of it.
buppose his opinion eays that it does not
affect our legislation at all?
Tobin Then I would vote in favor
of it.
Stafford — I would vote against it.
Tobin— I would like to see the poolrooms
shut up in Sausalito.
Stafford— I would like to see them shut
up in San Francisco. Kever mind Saula
lito. We have our owi« troubles.
Reed— It does not affect us. I move that
we recommend that action be indefinitely
postponed upon the ground that San
Francisco has prohibited all poolselllng,
and the law could not affect this city,
but would affect counties over which we
have no jurisdiction.
Tobin— It Is so ordered. '
Braunhart — It is an open secret that
Senator Leavitt and one or two others are
openly combined against the passage of
this bill. This bill will not alone be op
posed by the poolsellers, but the people
of the Oakland racetrack.
Stafford— This law affects San Francisco
more than any other city in the State.
We have boxing contests, bicycle races
and all kinds .of contests of skill.
Tobin— But it does not apply. This does
not interfere with our ordinance. It simp
ly says that it will be illegal to make
wagf-rs In certain places.
Stafford— You mav be able to sell pools
at a boxing contest.
Tobin— This general ordinance would not
interfere with our ordinance. To my mind
they don't clash at all.
Stafford— I think we ought to dispose of
it without any recommendation .at all.
Reed— Do you mean to let It go before
the board?
Tobin— I think it is a rood bill and it
will not hurt us at all. It will close up
the poolrooms at Los Angeles, Sacra
mento, Sausallto and other bucket-shops.
It is a good bill eo long as it does not
hurt us.
Braunhart— The Oakland people are
fighting it, I am told, because if it were
passed it would reopen Ingleside. Tho
proper thing to do ia to close poolrooms
in cities.
Mayor Phelan— Are there any poolrooms
open?
Braunhart— Yes; they are conducted
clandestinely.
Stafford— There are no poolrooms here.
You make handbooks. They don't give
you a ticket.
Mayor Phelan— In New Tork they pro
hibit pool selling on the track and off the
track, don't they7
Braunhart— The Horton law prohibits
pool selling on the track.
Tobin — They have thousands of people
at the race track as we have them here.
They give you a ticket and you cash
your ticket. This was done immediately
after the passage of the Horton law.
They will pay for the privilege of selling
poools as If lt were an open book. The
law does not restrict them at all.
Stafford— It seems to me that we would
take the safe side by simply refusing In
dorsement.
Braunhart— The people of Sausalito are
greatly interested in tnis: and Belshaw Is
a very earnest gentleman. The- bill is
uncertain, though.
Braunhart— They ought to limit racing.
That is the only way to Bolve the prob
lem.
Tobin — How can people go to Sacra
mento and have a law passed In the face
of tho control Burns has up there?
Mayor Phelan— The Legislature some
times will do a good act. if asked to.
Braunhart— I think the Senate Is a very
good body.
Tobin— It certainly would, be a good
thing if they limited racing in this town
to thirty days.
Braunhart— The railroad Is greatly in
terested In the racing game. The people
who frequent the track across the bay
rido to and from the ferry and crowd the
boats dally. You won't find any man who
Is considered a railroad member vote for
anv bill restricting racing.
Tobin — If there I? any doubt I will vote
for the bill if it will shut up poolrooms,
but I am opposed to lt if there is any in
tpntion to open Ingleslde and allow pool
selling on Market street and all over town.
Braunhart — Would we permit open pool
rooms In this town?
Tobin— That Is Just the question. They
are afraid that if they open Inglcsfde the
Legislature mlsrht pass a law allowing
thirty days' racing In any county. It
would give Tanforan and Injrleslde thirty
days each and Oakland would only get
thirty days. I sympathize with the peo
ple of Sawsallto; who are trying to close
the poolrooms there. I move that the
recommendation be Indefinitely postponed,
upon the jrround that we have no assur
ance that this bill will not be used to open
poolrooms in San Francisco.
Braunhart— Are you not. In. favor of a
limitation of the racing season?
Tobin — To shut up poolrooms at Sau
salito and all over the State where con
tests of skill are going on. It does not
take away the vitality of our ordinance,
which prevents the selling- of pools inside
or outside a racetrack or inclosure.
ter. and I move that it be indefinitely
postponed.
Tobin— The Merchants' Association has
indorsed it.
Braunhart— They had a representative
in Sacramento last session. Mr. Dickin
son had it at the bottom of the file and
1 placed It on the emergency lile, and he
opposed his own bill. I understand the
chief opponents -of this bill are the peo
ple interested In the Oakland track. It is
a case of "dog eat dog."
Mayor Phelan— Or of horse eat horse.
What is the history of the bill?
They Decide Not to Indorse the Measure Upon the Ground
That It Might Defeat a Municipal Ordinance.
SUPERVISORS POSTPONE ACTION
ON BELSHAW'S POOL-SELLING ACT
O-N"IGHT*S the night." thw ring
i goers are pleased to say, when
I they contemplate the fistic card
,i offered by the National SDortinjj
Club at Woodward's Pavilion.
After a preliminary bout of five rounds
Otto Cribb will face "Dutch" Thurston,
and Tv-hen this has come and gone Jack
Root of Chicago will mix lists with
George Byers of Boston. As this Is the
first appearance of the National Sporting
Root and Byers Are Anxious for the Fray and Thurston
and Cribb Show the Same Disposition.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO, Jan. 17.—
The Pacific Coast field trials came to a
successful conclusion to-day and the last
stake was finished in time to allow the
owners and spectators to reach the hotel
at 5 o'clock p. m. The all age Btake was
decided this morning after three braces
of doss had been run. The winners In the
first and second were the same as in the'
derby, excepting that their positions were
reversed. Peach Blossom taking the first
and Lady the second position. Many ex
perts are of the opinion that after the
race put up by these puppies Jhis morn
ing, added to the excellent work done
in the derby, they are two as high class
puppies as can be found east or west.
Judge Johnson gives lt as his opinion that
their work has not been beaten In any
derby during the last year. The running
was as follows:
Lady-Peach Blossom— The first point In
the heat was secured by Lady, but her
work was not equal to that of yesterday,
while Blossom's was considerably better.
She was more decisive In her point, work
and moved In better style than Lady
throughout the race. Blossom got the
next point and followed It with another.
Lady pinned the next single and was fol
lowed almost immediately by Blossom
with another point in full view of the
spectators. Lady honored this point and
the picture drew applause from the crowd.
Just as they were called up Blossom made
another point and • Lady a back, but this
was probably not recognized by the
judges.
Cuba of Kenwood-Verona Cash— This
heat was devoid of much Interest and the
only good piece of work was a bevy point
by Cash in the open field. Cuba seemed
off color and showed no form whatever.
Cuba Zeep-Merry Heart— This was the
last heat and resulted in two points lor
Merry Heart and one for Zeep after he
had done an excellent piece of roading.
The judges' decision was W. \V. Van
Arsdale's Peach Blossom first. J. E. Ter
ry's Lady second; Stockdale Kennels'
Cuba Zeep and Albert Betz's Merry Heart
divided third. .
Members' stake— This stake is one in
which any member of the club may enter
his own- dog, but*he Is required to handle
him during the running. The decision of
the judges seemed extremely unpopular,
as it was the opinion of those present
that a serious error was made in not
placing Tod Sloan's VI nrat Instead of
giving it to Maggie F. VI was down three
times and ran without an error. She was
steady to wing and shot and showed ex
quisite nose. Maggie F In all her heats
was uncertain and unsteady; she broke in
on flush and shot and on several points no
birds were found. The running of -Merry
Heart was handled by Albert Betz. VI
was handled by Tod Sloan. Merry Heart
secured the first point after a short run,
then Vi pointed directly in front of the
teams and was steady to flush. A few
feet away Bhe drew to another point and
this time Sloan killed the bird, which Vi
retrieved nicely. *
Val's Mark, handled by Henry Keller;
Maggie F, handled by P. D. Linville-
Val's Mark soon showed that he was not
under control and at one time disappeared
and his owner was compelled to mount a
horse in order to find him, which he did
after a few minutes. Maggie made one
point where a bird was founc 1 , but two or
three where none could be raised.
Senator'.s Trinket, handled by J. "W.
Flynn; Petronella, handled by W. S.
Tevis — Neither dog was accustomed to his
handler and no points were made during
the heat. This ended the first series.
Second series— Vl-Maggle F— In this
heat one point was recorded for each dog,
but outside of this there was nothing
done, as birds were scarce.
Petronella-Merry Heart— The only point
made in this heat was made by Merry
Heart, while Petronella showed no dispo
sition to point even (.hough birds were
plentiful. In spite of the fact that three
dogs in this stake had points and backs
to their credit and • that Petronella had
none she was again ordered down with
Vi. Sloan's dog did a nice piece of work
in this heat, pointing a running bird,
roading it for some distance and then
pointing stanchly and remaining steady
¦when the bird was 'flushed.
The judges' decision was: P. D. Lin
ville's Maggie F first, Tod Sloan's Vi sec
ond. Albert Betz's Merrv Heart third.
Champion stake — This stake was run
with only two dogs— Stockdale Kennels'
Cuba of .Kenwood and W. W. Van Ars
dale's Peach Mark. Neither dog seemed
in first-class condition and this was es
pecially true of Peach Mark; which, after
the first few minutes, ran listlessly until
the end. This stake is run., in two-hour
heats and tells heavily on 'any dog not
in perfect condition. No rest is allowed
except for the actual time necessary to
water the dogs. During the first hour's
running Cuba showed little form, but
from that time on began to improve and
seemed to grow better until the end- of
the race. His style and speed were bet
ter and his points more snappy. Peach
Mark secured tho ereater number of
points, but her lack of speed was against
her. Her slowness was a matter of sur
prise to the spectators, as in all of her
previous trials she nad shown fine form,
and lt was plain to all that she was not
herself in to-day's race.
The Judges' decision was: First. Stock
dale Kennels' Cuba of Kenwood.
This finished the eighteenth annual
trials of the club. It was decided at last
night's executive meeting to hold the next
trials at Coronado providing that Man
ager E. S. Babcock cuts down all tha
heavy brush that has Interfered with the
running of this year and otherwise places
the grounds In perfect condition. This
he has agreed to do. An abundance of
birds has been found and the many con
veniences regarding hotel accommoda
tions, livery and the proximity of th©
grounds have greatly pleased the mem
bers.
» Special Dispatch to The Call
BY C, Wl. HIBBMRD.
The Puppy's Work and That of Lady
Said to Ba the Best Bone at
Any I>erby During
• This Year.
Takes First Placs in th§
Stake for All Ages at
Coronado.
PEACH BLOSSOM
IS THE WINNER
QUARTET OF FIGHTERS READY TO
BATTLE FOR FISTIC SUPREMACY
PUGILISTS ARE IN TRIM FOR THE CONTESTS TO-NIGHT
Two New Classes Established.
The ' Board of Education decided yes
terday to establish an additional class
In the Dudley Stone and Grant schools.
The attendance In both schools warrants
euoh a course, notwithstanding the recent
positive assertion of Director Denman
that not one school in the department la
overcrowded. In all probability Miss L.
Smithson and Miss X. Gambltz. who are
first and second on the eubstltute list,
will be assigned to the two new classes
If the chronological order is obeyed.
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 17.— Weather
clear; track heavv. Results:
One mile, selling: — Rushflelds won. Pace
maker • second. Bequeath third. Time. l:48Vj.
¦ Six furlongs, selling — Athara won. Kohn
wreath second, Boomerack third. Time, 1:18*4.
One and a quarter* miles, selling— Silver Coin
won. Woodtrlee second. Defender II third
Time. 2:15.
4 Handicap, six •furlongs — Charlie O'Brien won.
Alpaca second, Moroni third. Time, 1:17%.
Six furlongs, selling— Agitator won, Four
Leaf C second. Mordelmo third. Time. 1:18
One mile, selling — Pat Garrett won. Frank
McConnell second, Trebor third. Time 1-464
Kenny Defeats Stelzer.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich.. Jan. 17 _
Young Kenny of Chicago defeated. Buck
Stelzer of Columbus, Ohio, In ten fast
rounds here to-night.
connection with Oxford and Cambridge
universities will accept the challenge of
the chess clubs in connection with Colum
bia, Harvard. Tale and Princeton univer
sities for a match to be played by cable
on six boards for possession of the Rice
trophy, ¦ and will propose April 19 and 20
for the dates of tne contest.
English University Men to Compete
"With, Players From American
Colhges.
LONDON, Jan. 17.— The' chess clubs In
"WTLX FLAY CHESS BY
MEANS OF THE CABLE
The llrst number on the programme was
an .illuminated mlnutt under the direc
tion of J. A. Oeddes. Twenty-four mem
bers of the club entered the swimming
tanks with Japanese lanterns on. their
heads. The lights In the bathhouse were
lowered as . the- swimmers went through
the figures. The effect was pretty as the
many-colored lanterns passed and , re
passed over the water.
The 100- yard race for the championship
of the 'coast' was a source of disappoint
ment to the swimmers and audience. The
starter fired the pistol before - all of the
contestants and race judges were ready.
Among. those who dropped into the wa
ter was H. A. Wideman of the^Lurlines,
who holds several coast championship rec
ords. . He crossed the tank and was on
the way back to the starting point before
the recall was sounded. The men ¦ were
again lined up, but Wideman refused to
compete. He said that It was too much
to expect of him to go In against the
men who had remained at the- scratch and
not ? exerted ¦ themselves. He - stepped to
one side as the pistol again sounded. The
other six contestants sprang Into the wa
ter with Scott Lcary, of: the Olympic Club
in the lead.. '• Leary retained -the lead
making the distance in 1 minute 9 sec
onds, with E: C. Bonifleld of the Lurllnes
a close second. There was so much dls-
The aquatic entertainment given by the
Lurllne Swimming Club last night proved
a disappointment to several thousand peo
ple who were unable to gain admission
to the Lurllne Baths. It was an invi
tation affair and the mistake was made
of issuing too many invitations. The
street doors were closed when lt was
thought that a sufficient number of peo
ple had been allowed in to comfortably
fill the galleries .around the swimming
tankB. When the galleries were packed
to overflowing there still remained fully
500 men, women and children in the lobby.
The doors leading to the tanks were
closed against them and they could not
gel out of the building, as several thou
sand people were clamoring at the street
doors to gain entrance. a. telephone
message was sent to the City Hall
for additional police assistance. A squad
of policemen arrived a quarter of an hour
later and it was only with the greatest
difficulty that they succeeded in clearing
a passageway bo that the front doors
could be opened to permit of the people
in the lobby being released. The outer
doors were again clqsed and the disap
pointed ones, after waiting around for
a time In the hope of getting in, returned
to their homes.
Many Hundred People Un
able, to Gain Admission
to Bath House.
LURLINES HOLD
AQUATIC SPORTS
The entertainment closed with a water
polo game won by H. F. Brewer.
M. de Lyons, J. A. Geddes. F. "W. Hunt
ington, W. F. Harris. E. C. Bonifield and
H. A. Wldeman.
A 440-yard relay race was won In 5 min
utes 10 seconds by a team consisting of
A. D. Schmidt. E. B. Stolle, E. C. Bonl
fleld. H. F. Brewer and H. A. "Wldeman.
The-flrst four named made four laps
each, while Wldeman, who closed the
race for the .winning team, made only
three laps. The defeated team was com
posed of W. P. Stockton. H. Foley. t.
Martin. W. T. Harris and W. C. Pomln.
J. A. Jackson won the under-water race,
covering 139 feet from the time he dived
until he reappeared. W. C. Pomln came
In second and W. P. Stockton third.
The race after a duck was spoiled by
the Interference of an outsider, who
caught the duck and proceeded to wring Its
neck. He ' disappeared before the police
reached him and thus saved himself a
ride in the patrol wagon to the police
station.
L. Schulz, J. Carroll. H. Foley and A.
I>. Schmidt gr»ve an exhibition of bur
lesque diving and A. Nlppert. F. S.
Geddes, W. C. Pomin and W. P. Stockton
of fancy diving.
There were only three contestants In
the 500-yard race. It was a pretty con
test between H. F. Brewer and E. B.
Stolle, both members of the Lurlines.
Brewer gradually drew away from Stolle
and reached home a half Ian in the lead
In 7 minutes 2 1-5 seconds. C. Garcia of
Santa Cruz entered against the Lurllne
men, but seeing that he was hopelessly
beaten did not iinlsh.
satisfaction expressed over the race that
Olympic Club representatives . promised
to arrange a match in the near futuie
between Wldeman and Leary for a tro
phy.
The Dally Democracia, the organ of the
newly formed Federal party, made Its first
appearance yesterday. The paper In the
first edition published the platform of tha
party which alms at the Immediate resto
ration of peace. The paper admits that
It Is Impossible to achieve this result just
now, but says the continuance of the pres
ent abnormal conditions will Inevitably re
sult In the destruction of the people ot
the country destined to lead the Orient.
The Federalists counsel their countrymen
to abandon the chimerical hope of success
against the Americans or the possibility
of foreign Intervention In their behalf.
On the latter point the platform cites the
2* e i? f K™*" In his trip to Europe,
where he hoped, to secure mediation in
the war between Great Britain and his
countrymen.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 17.-The volun-
£ eer 5 returning from the Philippines will
be discharged from the service at San
u tsco * lt l3 believed better results
can be attained by mustering: them out
at that city and giving them railroad
transportation to their homes.
The department is preparing to order
the shipment of troops from Manila to be
made continuously, so that all will be in
San Francisco before June 30. Transports
will leave every five days on a schedula
to go Into effect as soon as action is taken
by the Senate upon the army bill.
MANILA. Jan. 17.— The transport Buford
last night brought the different companies
of the Thirty-sixth Volunteer Infantry
from various points In the archipelago
where they have been doing duty. This
regiment, which was the first on© organ
ized here by General Otis under the vol
unteer act, will be transferred to another
transport which will sail for the United
States In a few days.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
Troops Being Collected in
Manila to Board the
. Transports.
HOME COMING
OF VOLUNTEERS
Probable Winners.
First race— King* ¦ Pal. Dr. Boyle. Burdoc.
Second race— Tony Lepping, Moonbright, St.
Rlea.
Third race— St. Cuthbert. Moeortto. Saintly.
Fourth race— Theory. Joe Frey, Maggie.
Fifth race — Prestidigitator. Wyomine.
Owenstxyx). »
Sixth race— Dangerous Maid. Flamero. Social
ist.
1348 Jingle Jingle... .103 15*5 MacCyle 105
1650 Gllssando 1C5 MflDr. Cave !ioa
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, .JANUARY 18, 1901,
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
GEORGE BYERS. LIGHT HEAVYWEIGHT, AND DUTCH THURSTON. WELTERWEIGHT. WHO HAVE COM
PLETED THEIR TRAINING FOR THE FIGHT WHICH IS SCHEDULED TO TAKE PLACE THIS EVENING AT
WOODWARD'S PAVILIOX BEFORE THE NATIONAL SPORTING CLUB.
8Piper Case Transferred.
A -telegraphic story , to the effect that
the controversy over the $65,000 estate of
the late Leroy Piper would be transferred
from Santa Clara/ County to this city was
verified yesterday by the tiling of a pe{i
tlon for letters of administration upon de
cedent's estate by Charles A. Sheets. The
matter has been assigned lo Judge Troutt
for hearing.
Present appearances point to a hard
fought .battle being waged among the
heirs of the late J. P. Harrington, a min
ing man, who die'd recently at the Russ
House.
The deceased left an estate valued at
$15,000. At the time of his death it waa
supposed that he. had not left a. will, but
later it was found that one was deposited
with the Union Trust Company, and this
document hassince'beennled."
In this wHl Harrington bequeathed to
Mollie Harrington, his daughter, living in
Michigan, the sum of $10. He left the bal
ance of his estate, which is mostly repre
sented by cash, to his sisters and their
nephews and nieces, who also reside in
Michigan.
Mollie Harrington, the daughter, thinks
that a great injustice has been done her.
She has written a long letter to Attorney
M. C. Hassett, in which she states that
she will arrive in this city in a few days
and contest the will of her deceased
father.
Miss Harrington cannot explain the es
trangement that existed between herself
and . her parent, but she says that for
many years he acted very indifferently
toward her and in no way contributed to
her support.
Harrington's acknowledgment In his will
of his daughter was a surprise to his
many friends, few of whom were aware
that he had ever been married.
Mollie Harrington on Her
Way to This City to-
Open Battle.
MINER'S DAUGHTER
TO CONTEST WILL
[NTERESTS THE COAST.
Postmasters Commissioned. Pensions
Granted and Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17. — Postoffices
established: California — Olive, Orange
County (re-established). Frank E. Upham,
postmaster; Quicksilver, Lake County,
Perry Q. Robinson, postmaster.
Postoflice discontinued: Oregon — Inlow,
Lane County, mail to Hale.
Postmasters commissioned: California-
Frank F. Chase, Ethanac. Washington-
Robert D. Sanborne, Fair Holme.
Postmaster appointed: Washington— J.
S. Kloeber. Hot Spring3. King County,
vice I. G. McCain, resigned.
Rural free delivery will be established
Febmary 1 at Kscondldo, San Diego
County, Cal.. W. H. S/nith, carrier, and at
Fullerton, Orange County, additional s»er
vlce, A. A. Pendergast. carrier. The post
oftice at Placentia, supplied by this ser
vice, mail to Fullerton.
Army orders: The leave of 'absence
granted Second Lieutenant Frank R.
Lang. Ninth Infantry, Department of
California, has been extended four months
on account of sickness.
The following named assistant surgeons
have been ordered to San Francisco for
assignment to duty with the troops en
route to the Philippine Islands: James
fltourke, at Chicago: G. J. Fanning, Saca
ton. Ariz.; A. P. Goff. Caton. N. Y.; C. E.
Jackson, Canal Fulton, Ohio; Joseph W.
Love, Springfield, Mo.; T. C. McSwain,
Binghani, S. C.J ft. C. Rogers, Blomlng
ton, Ind.; James W. Smith, Chicago, and
George B. Tuttlc. St. Louis.
The Secretary of the Treasury has rec
ommended to Congress an appropriation
of $12,000 for boilers, machinery, etc., at
the San Francisco Mint.
Senator Perkins* bill, appropriating
$400,000 for lighthouses on the Alaskan
coasts, was reported favorably to the
Senate to-day from the Commerce Com
mittee, which also reported favorably the
bill providing such places in Hawaii as
the Secretary of the Treasury may desig
nate sub-ports of entry and delivery. '
Pensions Issued to-day: California—Re
newal and supplement — Walter E. Jury,
San Francisco, ?2. Increase — John
O'Brien, San Francisco, $10; Charles
Golder, Soldiers' Home. Ims Angeles, $10:
William Smith, Los Angeles, $8. OriglnaJ
widows — Nettie E. - Tolles, San " Kran
cisco, $-3.
Oregon— Original widows— Minors of
George M. Metcalf. Harney, $12.
Washington — Original— James Clayton.
West Ferndale, $6; Isaac H. Grlswold,
Redmond, 56: ¦ Wesley Macomber. Van
couver, J6. Restoration and supplemental
— Samuel \A. Bag-ley. Port Ludlow, JS.
Original widows — Elizabeth Knapp, Hunts-
Ville, $S.
FLOW OF GAS IS GOOD.
Alum Bock Park.
Additional Borings to Be Hade at
SAN JOSE. Jan. 17.— Three hundred
¦ business men of this city went to Alum
| Rock Park this afternoon to inspect the i
| flow of natural gas struck there while
boring for hot wator. The gas has been
piped into the inclosure over the swim
ming baths and a jet was burning bright •
ly during th£ visit. The well i= down
nearly 600 fee,t. No water has yet been
found,, but at fair, supply, of gas Issues
from the well and it is the opinion of ex
perts that in an additional -290 feet a very
strong supply of gas or oil will be struck.
The consensus of opinion 'was that the
! work should be prosecuted, for the strik
1 Ing of oil may open a new Industry. for
I Santa Clara County. Subscriptions will
be raised and boring pushed till oil or
gas in greater quantity is struck. _
Spencer Again in Trouble.
SPOKANE. Jan. , 17.— Arthur Sp«?nc»r.
.the- notorious . Chinese Interpreter from
San Francisco, who Is ' charged with de
frauding Chinamen of Victoria, Vancou
ver. Seattle and Spokane, came before
('oramiiclonei Marshall to-day en the
charge of: falsely representing himself as
n United States official, having posed as a
Chinese Inspector. He was ordered held
under $20<iO bond to appear before tne Fed
eral Grand Jury in April. He tvas unable
to give bond and was taken back to Jail, i
NEW WHATCOM, Wash.. Jan. 17.—
Probably the most important seizure ever
made on Puget Sound In connection with
the violation of thu alien contract labor
laws was effected at Waldron Island yes
terday by Major S.. C. Walker. Unlte-1
States Immigration Inspector of the Puget
Sound district, with the co-operation of
the United States revenue cutter Grant,
under the command of Captain D. F.
Tozier.
The Grant arrived off the camp on
Waldron Island, located about three miles
from British territory, yesterday morn-
Ing. Major Walker landed with an armed
.force in charge' of Lieutenant Satterlee
of the Grant. Thi3 action was taken by
Inspector Walker upon the complaint of
citizens of San Juan County alleging that
a large number of alien contract laborer?
were employed in rhe lumber and wood
camps among the islands contiguous to
British Columbia.
Upon evidence given by the employes
in the camp on Waldren Island there were
apprehended twenty-two Japanese con
tract laborers, who stated that they were
engaged in cutting the wood to be used
in the Roche Harbor Lime Company.
The Grant proceeded to Roche Harbor
and the two padronea who Imported the
laborers to this country were seized in
the harbor together with the British sloop
in which they had brought the Japanese
into the United States. The boat was
laden with provisions to be taken from
Roche Harbor to the camp on Waldron
Island. The captured contract laborers
are being deported to the country whence
they came and the padrones wore brought
to New 'W'hatcom- in the Grant to-be
charged before the United States Com
missioner with violation ot the alien con
tract law.
The Grant will leave New Whatcom at
daybreak in the morning and a thorough
inspection of Waldron Island will be
made.
Immigration^ InspectoiyAr
rests Japanese on Wal :
dron Island \
ALIEN LABORERS
ARE APPREHENDED
Special Dispatch to The Call
SEATTLE. Jan. 17.— Four rich Klondik- '
ers are missing under circumstances most :
mysterious In each case. . Detective? hired
for' special- investigations, the , well or
ganized mounted police of the Northwest
Territory, and the Seattle police force as
well, have joined hands in a determined
attempt to solve, one or all- of the-prob
lems. So far all efforts to get even the
first lead in this remarkable, series o* dis
appearances have failed. It is considered
significant, however, that two -of the'.lost
have been traced to Seattle and. there Is :
an impression In Daws^n that the third
one may have reached here. :, . \
J. S. l^ancaster, merchant, was last seen
at the Butler Hotel in Seattle, August 23.
1900. There was not the slightest cause \
,for him to drop out of sight. Murray <
McDonald, miner, was last seen on Sec
ond avenue in Seattle about July 4, 190ft.
lie had about $3000 in gold and bills: Dr.
Joseph Bettlnger, druggist, 'was last' seen
December 17 near Lake Ler Barge, Alaska.
Mixed with the murder theory in this cai»e
is a rumor of a love affair with a sister
in a Uawson hospital, the trail leading ap
parently to Seattle.
aiilo Kelly, a' well-known resident of
Juneau, was last heard of October 8, 11)00.
at . White. Horse, Alaska. He had a
large -sum of money in his possession.
' Several theories have been advanced to
account for the sudden disappearance of
tbese four men. The first is that there
exists along the Upper Yukon a desperate
gang. of robbers and murderers, who keep
track of men with money through
"steerers." Some think that there la
alao a Seattle end, explained by the fact
that rich Klondikers who have passed
safely up the river apparently never get
beyond Seattle. ¦; • £*
The efforts to get trace of Lancaster
include an offer of 1500 reward. Circulars
containing an accurate description of the
man have been sent broadcast through
out the country. There seems to be a set
tled conviction that he was murdered. If
such 13 the case the mystery centers In
Seattle. He was 50 years old, 6 feet 3
inches tall, and in addition to black hair,
mixed with gray, wore a full black beard.
He was a member of the Maccabees, the
Ancient Order of United Workmen and
the Roman Catholic church.
Dr. Bettlnger left Dawson November 6.
His wife started up the river after him a
short time later. She has never seen him
since he left Dawson. Sam Fretwell says
he saw the doctor near Lake Le Barge
December 17. The mounted police have
not traced him farther than Ogllvie.
forty-eight miles from Dawson.
A dispatch from Dawson says that there
is a rumor there to the effect that the doc
tor became interested in one of the sisters
In, a Dawson hospital. • She was trans
ferred, the rumor has it. whereupon she
went to Seattle and entered a hotel as a
chambermaid. Nothing has be»n dis
covered in Seattle to confirm or deny the
rumor.
Murray McDonald left Dawson in June to
visit his mother in Nova Scotia. He had a
large amount of gold and bills, which he
was fond of displaying. At first it was
thought he had been put out of the way at
White Horse, but since then he has been
reported as having been in Seattle about
July 4. ¦ ' - ¦:
Kelly left White Horse for Dawson Oc
tober 8. intending to bid at the sale of
crown mining claims. He has never been
heard of since. He had a large sum of
money. w •" ", ;
Since these strange disappearances the
mounted police have decided to put on
patrols. One will start from each end and
make about thirty miles a day. It Is
thought that in this way better survelN
lance will be had over the tough char
acters who infest the trail.
Believed They Have Been Robbed and
Murdered — The Police Adopt „
a New Scheme "of Sur
veillance.
Wealthy. Men Disappear as
Though Earth Has Swal
low«d Them.
FOUR MYSTERIES
OF THE NORTH
Special Dispatch to The Call
SEATTLK Jan. 17.— The remains of
Henry C. Hendrickson, who died at Bol
lard May 31. 1300, of kidney trouble, were
burled in Mount Pleasant Cemetery yes
terday after private services. The delay
in the burial was due to indecision as
to whether the Interment should take
place In Seattle or Michigan and a furth
er' delay connected with the collection of
insurance money.
The case is remarkable, from the fact
that tha. body was In an absolutely per
fect state of preservation. The only
change In appearance from that imme
diately following death was a slightly
darker'- tint of the flesh, which hardened
like atone. Another peculiar feature was
that the body lost weight, but did not fall
away.; >
After' death the regular embalming: pro
cess was gone through and for about two
weeks no special work was done, as it
was thought that the Interment wouM
soon" take place, funeral services having
already been held. At the end of ninety
days it was discovered that the body was
becoming mummified. Yesterday it waa
found that the mummification process
was complete.
EMBALMED BODY
IS MUMMIFIED
I .
Remarkable Condition of
the Body of Henry 0.
Hendrickson.
) — . —
Seven Months After Death the Flesh
Is Found Hard and Skin
Takes on a Slightly
Darker Tint.
A Remarkable Champagne,
When for . years : one . brand of cham
pagne has — increased its Import* from
double of any other, brand to 79,293 cases
: X-e as didG. H; MUMM'S EXTRA
DRT! ' Importing 119,441 cases r, in 1900. Is
conclusive evidence' of its quality, and
that' now imported Is specially Gne. •
HUSBAND FRIGHTENS
HER INTO MARRIAGE
Annie E. Simmons Secures Annull
ment Decree— Delia Blum Assails
Veracity of a Witness.
Judge Hebbard made an order yesterday
annulling the marriage of Warren J. and
Annie E. Simmons, which was solemnized
In Oakland In October, 1S96. Mrs. Sim
mons, who instituted the actton for an an
r.ullment of the marriage, testified that
Simmons, by means of threats of violence,
compelled her to swear before a marriage
license clerk that she was 18 years of age
and then go before a Justice of the Peace,
who married them.
Mrs. Simmons further testified that her
husband remained with her but one day.
He returned to San Francisco from Oak
land the day following their marriage, she
said, and finally departed for Manila. It
was further alleged that Simmons had a
wife in Boston when he forced the plain
tiff to marry him. -As there was no denial
to Mrs. Simmons' story, a ' decree was
granted as prayed for. • *'
During the trial of the action Instituted
bv Delia Blum for a divorce from Joseph
Blum president of the Peddlers' Protec
tive Association, before Judtre Sloss yes
terday Mrs. Blum accused Mrs. Sarah
Conn, a witness, of "telling a falsehood."
Mrs Cohn had denied that she had heard
any* one say that Mrs. Blum should pro
cure a divorce, and her . veracity waa
promptly questioned by Mrs. Blum In the
language stated. Mrs. Blunv was admon
ished by the court and the hearing con
" Mrs!' Blum stated that her husband
treated her cruelly and failed to give her
sufficient money for her maintenance on
the ground that he liked to play poker.
The defense will go on to-day.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
d-iv to 'Francis McCaulcy from William
McCauley for willful neglect, Marie Mar
tha. Couvet from Jean B. R. Couvet for
desertion and Charles Czerney from Dora
Czerney for.willfuj desertion.
Encarnacion Kayer has sued Thomas E.
Kayer for divorce, alleging cruelty as
cause of action. j .-.-" . - -.
AMERICAN BASEBALL
ASSOCIATION IS FORMED
Ally of the National League'For
mally Launched at Meeting in
New York.
NEW. .YORK. Jan. 17.— The new Ameri
can Baseball Association, the ally of the
National League and enemy to Ben
Johnson's league, was launched . at the
Hotel Marlborough to-day. The following
cities were represented: Milwaukee,' In
dianapolis, Chlcagro, Louisville, Philadel
phia. Boston, Washington and Baltimore.
Applications for franchises .were received
from St. Louis and Detroit. The new as
sociation claims to have unlimited back
ing.
A temporary organization, was effected
and W. H. Watkins appointed temporary
chairman.
Golf Tourney Planned.
DEL MONTE. Jan. 17,— The Hotel del
Monte management is arrarfginir a-tour
nament for professional golf era to .take
place on those links during the visit of
Wlllje Smith and David Bell, some time
dtarinir— -Ke&ruary. A handsome silver
trophy to beinwiKaaa the Del Monte cup
is offered tn thr TvTrrrrrr nf ttK'tTiirnn
i rnent. ¦ ¦ — — — — .
TANFOBAN LEFT OUT
OF NEW JOCKEY CLUB
Move Made by ths Organizers in the
Interest of Harmony in Pacific
Coast Turf Affairs. .' 'v
CHICAGO, Jan. 17.— Representatives^ of
the race tracks which met here yester
day to form a new Western Jockey Club
held another session to-day, but post
poned the details of permanent organiza
tion until a special meeting In Chicago
about February I. The territory to be
covered by the new jockey club will ex
tend from Pittsburg to Denver, leaving
out Tanforan Park in California. This is
done not for any special reason, but be
cause the turfmen think It would weaken
the body to hAve a member so far re
moved from the central body. Tanforan
is willing to be left out, and suggests that
the coast clubs adopt the rules of tha
jockey club and co-operate with the new
organization, receiving protection In re
turn. This move will promote harmony
on the Pacific Coast, whereas if Tanforan
had been admitted to an exclusive organ
ization, Oakland, which was not even a
member of the Turf Congress, would In
all probability have resented the move.
CAREER OF PIONEER
CONTRACTOR CLOSES
Ex-Assemblyman Patrick Plover
Passes Away After an Illness
of Ten Days.
Ex-Assemblyman Patrick Plover, a pio
neer contractor and builder, who Was
identified with the construction of many
«'f the first schoolhouses built in this city,
died early Tuesday morning after an ill—
Tif-ss of ten days at the family residence,
725 Gough street. His death had been ex
pected for, several days.
Patrick Plover came to this State
in 1852 from Albany, N. Y. In
stead of following his friends to
the mines he settled In this city and en
gaged in the trade of contracting and
building. As at that time there was a
great demand for this kind of work he
fared about as well as those in the mines.
In 18S3 he was elected to the State Legls
| lature on the. Democratic ticket. His
course while in that body was character-
I Ized by strict integrity. He endeav
ored to introduce pure politics into the
! administration of the affairs of the State.
I After the expiration of his term of office
he engaged with great success in the real
estate business and succeeded in amass
ing a fortune estimated at half a million
dollars. His estate, which consists prlnci-
J pally of realty situated in the Mission,
was left to his wile and three chil
dren. The funeral will be private and will
1 take place from the family residence to
day.
MISS MAY SULLIVAN IN
••A PAIR OF LUNATICS"
Sketch Will Be Presented at Vaude-
Tille Entertainment of Ignatian
Council.
On» r\* California's fairest and most
pitted daughters will play the leading part
in the fascinating skeieh. "A Pair of
lunatics." to be presented this even
ing at a vaudeville entertainment an
nounced by Ignatian Council No. 33. to
Take olace at Native Sons' Hall. Miss
Mar Sullivan is to impersonate the clever
and unique part of Clara Manners in the
sketch, ajid if her work in the past Is a
criterion, she will a<ld luster to the al
ready brilliant role. The sketch, which
!s brief but snappy and replete with ab-
Forbinjr situations, is among the verv
cleverest that have been evolved of late
for the amateur stage.
Mips Sullivan will receive the support
of Alfred I. McKinnon. who. a« Captain
<jforce Kifldlntr, is sure to make a hit.
H. JI. WaUon is to give a series of Chi
nrsf impersonations uid Thomas W.
]i!<-key w'.U follow in rtcitations.
Thp halance of the iircsramme include?
litile Alma Wtrthrtcbin in hpw fancy
nance?. Messrs. O'I>eary and Shean in a
pni.e and danc»* turn, George Hammer
smith in pome Impersonations, and
Wonek, the magician. L»anclng will com
trance at 10 p. m.
As a result of the controversy at the
Waldeck Sanatorium a number of the
physicians heretofore connected with that
institution yesterday filed articles of in
corporation of the Clara Barton Hospital
with the County Clerk. So far each of
the seven directors selected for the first
year has subscribed $1000, but all are
pledged to contribute up to $50,000, at which
figure the capital stock has been placed.
As much more money as may be neces
sary to erect and equip a thoroughly first
class establishment will, it is claimed, be
forthcoming.
Some time ago there was a lively meet
ing of the board of trustees over the posi
tion of an employe at the Waldeck. As
a result, several of the directors ex
pressed a willingness to resign. Then
other doctors got their heads together
with the dissenters ajid evolved a new
plan, and while they speak as they pass
by, they do not like to talk a great deal.
But as some of the most prominent mem
bers of the directorate of the Waldeck
are in the new Incorporation, a lively
scramble for cases is likely to follow.
The directors of the new hospital as
sociation are Drs. J. Henry Barbat,
George H. Evans, E. G. Frlsbie, Charles
A Dozier, Elmer E. Kelly, H. B. Kugeler
and F. B. Carpenter. Of these Drs.
Barbat and Carpenter were former mem
bers of the corporation conducting the
Waldeck. and Dr. Kelly is at present a
member.
According to statements made by one
of the interested physicians, the manage
ment of the Waldeck has been entirely
subject to the will of the president. Some
of the ' members thought, that if they
brought their patients there for treatment
they should not be subject to this dicta
tion and other alleged violations of pro
fessional ethics. They had various griev
ances against the management and so
decided that the best way out of their
difficulties was to start a hospital of their
A lot has been selected, plans have been
drawn and work will be commenced as
soon as the new directors can legally
complete the arrangements.
Dissenting Doctors of the
Waldeck Form Another
Incorporation.
NEW HOSPITAL
RESULT OF ROW
DR. HTTNTINGTON ON
TRIAL FOR MURDER
Xothinpr Sensational Brought Out in
the Testimony in Judge Law
lor's Court.
The trial of Dr. RaJph A. Huntlngton,
rhsre-d with th»» murder of Miss Jennie
MrKown. to whom he was engaged, was
commenced before Judge I^awlor yester
day morning. The girl died while being
operated on at the defendant's office. As
j-istar.t District Attorney Alford con
ducted the prosecution and the defendant
was represented by ex-Judge Ferral.
Nothing sensational was brought out in
?n<? testimony yesterday. The witnesses
examined were Corporal George \V. Rus-
Bdl, who made a plan of the defendant's
nfflce; Mrs. Belle McCottrey. the dead
girl's sister, who testified as to her physi
cal condition; George Praechter, the un
dertaker, and Dr. T. B. \V. Leland, the
Burceon who made the autopsy on the
jrirl's body a.t the Morgue.
The Judge then adjourned court till this
morning out of respect to the memory of^
the late Coroner Cole and took occasion
to eulogize the deceased surgeon.
WOODMEN INSTALL
THEIR NEW OFFICERS
Those Who Are to Rule Golden Gate
Camp Inducted Into Office
in Public.
Nearly 1500 people entered Native Sons'
Hall last night to witness the installation
of th© officers of Golden Gate Camp of the
Woodmen of ttfe World. The hall was
tastefully decorated with plants and gar
lands of evergreens. The Installing officer
was the past head consul commander, as
sisted by J. B. Cressey as head escort.
The officers-elect were escorted Into the
hall by the degree team of the camp, un
der command of Captain Thomas Mc-
Courtr.ey. and were then formed around
the stump, where they were obligated and
each had addressed to him the charge ap
pertaining to his office. The new officers
T. F. Qulnlan, r*st consul commander; VT.
P. Jones, consul commander; T. J. Barry, ad
visor lieutenant: F. P. Phelpn. banker: D.
Oliver Jr.. clerk; John Boyle, assistant clerk;
J. J. Donahue, escort; William Carr, watch
man: T>. Brown, e^ntry: VJ G. Raymourf, C.
Kaufman, J. Bright, managers.
During the evening the past consul com
mander delivered an address, during
which he called attention to the fact that
the camp was instituted in 1S91 with a
comparatively Email number of members,
and that its membership at this date is
12(W. The degree team gave an exhibition
drill that was marked for the perfectnesg
of evolution, time and distance. The audi
ence arose and sang the "Woodman's
Ode," TV. J. O'Brien and Miss Grace Sav
age gave vocal solos. Billy Hynes enter
tained with funnyisms and Miss Fanny
I Gutman gave an exhibition of fancy danc
ing. Then followed a programme of
dances under the direction of the follow
ing committees:
General — "V\". G. Cressey (chairman). T. F.
Quinlan. A. Lewis, J. S. Patterson, F. K.
Trimble, Sol Backer and Luther Elkins. ,
Reception— T. J. Barry (chairman), John
Boyle, Dr. J. AV. Hawkins, J. F. Bright. D.
Oliver Jr., J. \V. Coohran. A. J. Welnert.
Floor— A. Lewis (manager), A. J. Fritz (as
sistant manager), E. A. Pprague. -George H.
Cabaniss, 5 s . Kahn, D. K. Watklns. J. I.
Peterson. S. A. White. T. McCourtney. O.'
Olsen and William Carr.
George Folsom. general accountant of
th* Southern Pacific Railroad and of the
Market-street railway system, was
knocked down by a horse while on his
way to his home yesterday afternoon and
tocfived injuries which, according to the
elatement of the attending physician, are
(fa f crious nature.
Mr. Folsom resides at the Bella Vista
Hotel »t Fine and Taylor streets. It is
his custom w.hen returning from his office
to ride to gutter and Taylor streets on the
cars and then walk to his home.
As Mr. Folsom was cro^sine Bush street
je?terday afternoon a horse ridden by a
boy came galloping along. Mr. Folsom
fcpfirated for a moment and then started
for the Fidewaik. The crossing at the par
ticular Fpot is in a bad condition, due to
the tearing up of the rails of the old
Rush-street car line, and Mr. Folsom. who
is 75 jears of ape. was Impeded in his ef
fort to get out of danger. Before he could
lrach the corner the hor.«e ran with fuil
force into the old gentleman and threw
liim heavily to the pavement.
Passen by whu witnessed the accident
picked the prostrate man up and placing
him in a chair carried him to his hotel.
Mr. Fdaom was unable to *pi-ak and
fonn lnp^cd into uncuisciousiics*. A phy-
MHan was sent for, and after an oxarnin
p.tion pronounoed the injured man In a
dangf-rmis condition, due to concussion »>f
the brain.
>Jr. F«i!*>-,m has bpen connected with the
rnilroad company for more than twenty
*-iEht vrar? and bears an rxi-*>lleiH reou-
Tation 'among a host of friends and busi
jn^s acquaintances.
Mrs. Kolsom has ju?t returned from an
f>:t»ndrt tour throughout Europe. Owing
to Mr. Folsom's a/ivanced age it is feared
he may not recover.
During the evening the in.iured man re
gained consciousness, but only for a short
time. At a late hour he was resting
quietly.
Aged Man Is Knocked Down by
Horse Bidden by a Boy and
Bendered Uncon
scious.
Chief Accountant of South
ern Pacific Victim of
Accident.
GEORGE FOLSOM
BADLY INJURED
Salvatore Botendi and his 8-year-old son
were taken to the Receiving Hospital last
night from Chris=man"3 lodging-house on
the lower part of Broadway. The father
is in the last stages of consumption, abso
lutely without mono and likely to die
at any time. Matron Hart fed the little
lad and he ate ravenously.
Botendi claims 1 that he formerly resid
ed in this city, but when ho began to faU
In health took his family to Los Angeles.
He did not succeed in getting permanent
work and on account at his condition was
unable to hold a posit:c*i for any length
of time. His wife, taking two of the
children with her, went to Vallejo. One
child was placed in the blind asylum in
Berkelcv and the 6-year-old lad Was' left
with his father. /
The latter claims that his godfather, a
desman in Los Angeles, took him to the
City "Hall in Los Aneeies. where trans
portation was furnished himself and son
to this city. He arrived Wednesday night
and went by direction to this lodging
house. After staying all night and hav
ing no money for his father's mainte-
U-nance the police were notified.
Efforts will be made lo provide a home
for the lad. while the father will b« sent
to the City and County Hospital.
Parent, Wasted With Disease, Is
TJnable to "Work, and They Are
Without Money or
Food.
Salvatore Botendi and His
Little Child Starving
in Tenement.
FATHER AND SON'S
PITIFUL PLIGHT
THE ' .-SAN* FRANCISCO CALL, 'FRIDAY, JANUARY 18, 19O1.
Institute.
During the evening the following pro
gramme was rendered by the orchestra,
under the leadership of Henry Heyraan:
March (V. Huber); overture. "Semlrainide"
(Rossini); waltz. "Dolores" (Waldteuf el) : ber
ceuse (Massenet); selections, "Fortune Teller"
(Herbert): "Tropical Dance" (Herrman);
W'aHheur'B prize son*. "Melsterslnger" (Wag
ner); waltz, "New Vienna" (Strauss); "Mag
nolia Serenade" (MIssud); selections. "Faust"
(Uounpd); "Dance of the Sultans" (Hall);
march, "The Blue and the Gray" (Dresser).
arlmal Etudles in the exhibition.
The exhibition is under the direction of
the following committees:
Committee of award— W. H. Lowden, C.
Chapel Judson, L. P. Latlmer.
Committee on selection and hanging— A. J.
Treat (chairman), Charles J. EHckman, Theo
dore XVores, Oscar Maur*r, H. B. Hosmer, W.
J. Street. Charles Adams.
Executive committee— \V. B. Webster (chair
man), A. V. Coombs, AV. J. Street, A. O. Mc-
Farland, E. G. Eisen. AV. J. Platt, J. W.
Erwln, Robert H. Fletcher, curator Hopkins
PORTRAIT BY LAURA M. ADAMS, WHICH IS ONE OF THE ARTISTIC
PRODUCTIONS ON EXHIBITION IX THE PHOTOGRAPHIC SALON
IN THE HOPKINS INSTITUTE OF ART.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SALON OPENS
UNDER BRILLIANT AUSPICES
Highest Level Reached by the Devotees of the Camera at
i * the Exhibition in the Mark Hopkins Institute.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
>Ct&y'HC Mary Pearle? Ciallen- at
y T the Mark Hopkins Institute of
M \ Art waa crowded to Its utraoBt
Bk j-, capacity last evening, on the
occasion of the opening of the
the Photographic Salon. - As
illustration of the widespread
interest taken to-day in the camera and
i^p possibilities, no more convincing proof
was necessary than the large and en
thusiastic crowd that gathered la,«*t
nlpht to attend the first Photographic
Salon held in the far West. Congratula
tions to the Camera Club on the success
of this, its first exhibition of what is
hoped will become a yearly photographic
festival were the order of the evening,
and camera craftsmen are at one In their
opinion of the high level of the work
shown.
Sixteen prizes have been offered by the
Camera Club and Mark Hopkins Institute
for the first a"nd second most worthy pic
tures in each of the following classes:
Landscape, marine, genre, portraiture,
animal studies, architecture and Interiors,
a certificate of merit from the institute
and a Camera Craft medal. For the best
collection of pictures the "Grand Prize
Camera "Craft Medal" and a certificate
from the Mark Hopkins Institute will be
piven. The jury of award will make
known Its decision on Thursday evening
next, January 24.
The department o£ portraiture is per
haps more fully represented than any
other, and among names distinguished for
excellent work are George Ij. Wilcox of
Berkeley, .Dr. Arnold Genthe, Oscar
Maurer, Laura Adams, M. S. Gallo
way and A. Nelson Crowell. San Fran
cisco; William F. James. Chicago, and C.
Yarnall Abbott. Philadelphia. Oliver
Lipplncott of Los Angeles sends two good
nude studies and C Yarnall Abbott also
contributes an excellent study. Extreme
ly interesting is the Curtis collection of
Indian pictures from Seattle, and good
Chinese studies are sent by Genthe,
Charles E. Townsend and W. J. Pratt.
Landscapes by A. C. Plllsbury of Loa
Angeles show admirable workmanship.
J. H. Field of Wisconsin has a clever
snow seen*; F. K. Lawrence, Chicago,
shows some charming little landscapes,
and Oscar Maurer, In the "Street In
Zacatecas" and "In the Pasture," shows
at their highest the capabilities of the
camera in this direction. There are
some excellent flower studies by O. V.
Lange, Berkeley, and admirable marines
by' A. L. Coombs, Herbert G. Pontlng.
Captain Sedgewlck Pratt, F. C. Bangs and
Herbert G. Pontlng show almost the only
are:
9
To Prevent. the Grip
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne remove* tit ca.ua*. •
POSTUM CEBEAL.
THE WAYFARING MAN.
Though a Fool Would Have to Draw j
the Same Conclusion.
" 'Coffee soup* was a common dish on
cur table during my boyhood. My family
wre farmers and we used to have early
breakfast, then a lunch at 10 and at 3 p.
m., besides the regular meals. We
always had the coffee pot on the stove
and 'coffee soup" was a regular part of
each meal.
"I very well remember when 11 years
rid overhearing my teacher say of me.
"the irioct nervous child I ever saw.' I
V.H? ft constant sufferer with dyspepsia,
pour ftomach and indigestion in its worst
form, helchlnjr, etc. Finally a liver trouble
rame on and I had three different attacks
of call stones.
"In addition to this I was a complete
nervous wreck, deeping but very little at
night. I was thin, sallow and exhausted,
with a hlllous complexion. After all these
years nf suffering, when I reached the agre
of 3rt It praduaily dawned . on me three
yrari« »igo that 1 was a coffee flend and a
coffee wreck.
"Some one told me to quit coffee and
po to using Postum Food Coffee- I am a
professional iran now, doing a large
amount of mr-nta! work. Within a phort
time after leaving off coffee and taking
Poatum Food Coffee I began to improve.
Now I am proud to fay that the indiges-
tion and dyspepsia have disappeared. The
liver and stomach are gound. I sleep like
a log and have gained thirty pounds in
flesh.
"My spirits are at th« top notch. I am
fresh, rugBed 1 and rosy. The old dull, sal-
low complexion Is pone. My habits are in
every particular the same as In the years
before, except that I have abandoned the
"coffee habit for all time. Am I not right
in drawing the conclusion that the way-
faring- man. though a fool, would have to
draw that the change is entfrely due to
leaving off coffee and the use of Postum
Kor.d Coffee? if "-¦
"I have a friend. Mr. Frank Furbush,
who was as bad a wreck as I, with like
f ymptoms, plus excessive nausea and
vomiting. Six months of no coffee and
the ui>« »f Poetum has put him right ]{«
1* now an fresh a» a new born babe. m 3
wife, who was also a sufferer from coffee,
has recovered. End they ar« both In a fine
condition of health, but I was compelled
to hold a» coffin before them, metaphoric-
ally, before I could scare them out of the
coffee habit Pleas© omit my name."
Name given by Poetum Cereal Co.. Ltd.,
Battle Creek. Mich.
~ .^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHAT SHALLJVE EAT
To Keep Healthy and Strong?
A healthy appetite and common sense
are excellent guides to follow in matters
of diet, and a mixed diet of grains, fruits
and meats Is undoubtedly the best, in.
spite of the claims made by vegetarians
and food cranks generally.
As compared with grains and vegetables,
meat furnishes the most nutriment In a
highly concentrated form and Is digested
and assimilated more quickly than vege-
tables or grains.
Dr. Julius Remusson on this subject
says: Nervous persons, people run down
in health and of low vitality should eat
Flenty of meat. . If tha digestion Is too
eeble at first it may be easily strength-
ened by the regular use of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets after each meal. Two of
these excellent tablets taken after dinner
¦will digest several thousand grains of
meat, eggs or other animal food In thrc-_«
or four hours, while the malt diastase
also contained in Stuart's Tablets caus«os
the perfect digestion of starchy foods, lik<s
potatoes, bread, etc., and no matter how
: weak the stomach may be. no trouble will
' be experienced if a regular practice is
made of using Stuart's Dys epsia Tablets,
because they supply the pepsin and dias-
tase so necessary to perfect digestion, an 1
any form of Indigestion and stomach
trouble except cancer of the stomach will
be overcome by their daily use.
That large class of people who come un-
der the head of nervous dyspeptics should
eat plenty of meat and insure its com-
plete digestion by the systematic use of
a safe, harmless digestive medicine lik*
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, composed of
i the natural disestive principles, oeptonea
and diastase, which actually perform th-»
work of digestion and give the abused
stomach a chance to rest and to furnish
the body and brain with the jiecessary
nutriment. Cheap cathartic medicines
1 masquerading under tae name of dyspep-
i sia cures are useless for relief or cure of
Indigestion because they R&v* absolutely
! no effect upon the actual digestion of food.
Dyspepsia in all its forms is simply a
failure of the stomach to digest food an?l
the sensible way to solve the riddle and
I cure the Indigestion is to make daily us^
! at mea! time of a safe preparation which
j Is endorsed by the medical precession ami
! known to contain active digestive prin-
! clples. and all this can truly be said of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
¦ All druggists throuchout th© United
! States, Canada and Great Britain sell
them at the uniform price of fifty cen'.j
for full treatment.
( _
| ___^ «^^ i^ 9MV
j "Ko=Nut"
I* A Pure Sterilized Cocoa-
1 nut Fat. Guaranteed free
j from animal matter.
I
l For Shortening:
i ! and Frying
[ I Superseding Butter, Lard
j I and Compounds.
i If Ask your grocer or write
| India Refining: Co.,
gj Philadelphia.
®VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MOltMOX BIS HOP' S PILLrf
have been in use over Afty
ye»rs by the leaders of th»
Mormon Church anil their fol-
lowers. Positively cures tha
worst cases In old and youn^
arising from effects of selj-
abuse. dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cures Lost
Manhood. Jmpotency, Lost
Power. Nlnht I*osse». Insom-
| nla. Pains In Back. E»ll Desire.". Lame BacK.
I Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltnera to Mar-
i ry. Loss of Semen. — > Varicocel.* or Con-
stipation. Stops N> *5 fl rvous Twitching
! o« Eyelids. Effect9 i^^TL » r • Immediate.
Impart vlg;or and .*-* s " •=• potency to every
I function. Don't set despondent: a eur« Is at
I hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
i Stimulates the brain and nerve centers: 50c a
I box: • for JI 30 by mall. A written guarantee tn
I cure or money refunded with 6 boxen. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellw
i st.. San Francisco, Cal., GRANT DRCCJ CO..
{ 28 and 40 Third »t.
Kl %1> 'ifjfc m 'il'li il' Hfc **fc *E* Cj f I
gvisr? OR- JORDAN'S srcato
OF ANATOMY^
\ .Br Tbo Ltrn*: Anatoaical Msmusi la tie \
A .izJ^_ Vof.it WMincM** or *ny cemracted 4
7 JkUGEn dtseass p«-Utl»«-ly c yr»lny th* oldnt v
Cf IS_jl2 I *>peaiU»t cm tf*. Out. E»c 7sar» *j(
i »fft?2 eR-^OAS-PPlYATt CISEASE* 4
k ff(S5s!)w t-O3iultit)on fr-fl »nd jtrirtly prints \
A S j>Ar W Tr« rment p"<orul!y or by l?»t-r. A m
V fl » Jw.ikh t,Wi in :«cry um imdu'urt. T
MFil \ln> Wme fn Book. rxlLSseraV «f A
* • IJ IJ T » aiRHMSie; mmi.89 ?*sa. j*f
1 A Qf' raluabls book fisr man) A
9 JJtt. JOB DAM A €• .. 1051 Market St . a F. W
DR.MEYERS&CO.
Specialists. DIseas* sj|| jp*
and weakness ot 2g {¦. Jfr jj k
men. Established 73w f^rfc/S^fy
1881. Consultation V|] «
and prlvat© book VJI £v \ /—A t
free, at office or by n3jiJ '**£*,**
mall. Cures suar- wk&**-r ; §*
anteed. 731 Mar-
ket street lelevator >#v^y25*i«KJ'
entrance), San jy^ .r^^^jffltL
1A/. T. HESS,
XOTABT FDBLIO ANJ> ATTORNS f-AT-uA*.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Clans SprecksU BHg.
Telephone Brown 931.
- Residence, S21 California, St.. below P»»»U,
£aa Francisco*
- » ¦ ¦ *
=$tlNPAY > S=
JANUARY 20, /^* A I ¥ ¦
===¦901. •.¦,=== y//\.Li L* =
y/s Is San Francisco in the Grip \\
yy/y of "The Greeo Terror"? \v\V
] /7///// What Sort of a Creature Is
'/ //////, ¦Man?-' •':/" \\\V\\V
(//////// B 7 GRACE FERN. VVWvSv
//////// The Queen of Portuqal as a oNNavvv
//////// Heroine. vvVwv\
/y/yy/yy i Notable Examples of Hazing. avvvVw
y/yy/y/j .^ Our Best Bear-Hunting^ Vwwv\
'y/yyyy/ Stones.
Five S»a Francisco Spor'smen. \vV\\vV\
yyyyyyyy What Some of Our Wealthy \\\\\\\N
'/yy//// Boys and I Girls DefRre to \v<v\\a\
yy/yyyyy Be When they Grow Up. aJvvSvw
yy/yy(// Peck's Bad Boy and the. S$ooo^s
y/yy/y' v Groceryman/ in New York. aSoovAX^
/yyy .Completion of the Coast Line:
¦ • -• ' ' ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦ • ¦ i ¦¦ ¦'• ¦ ¦..'¦.On the • Produce ' Exchange to-day the butter
Tr., ArtIcl t s ~~ , Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ....23.000 30 000
Wheat, bushels 72,000 'SSOOO
Corn, bushels .................888,000 145*000
Oats, bushels ..... ...... ......318.000 234*000
Rye. bushels .•..¦..../"".."....... 1,000 , . 4*000
Barley,' bushels ......"..: 73,003 - 24*000
Articles- Op en . High. Low. Close.
TVheat, No. %- •
January 72% ' 7214 .71% ¦ 7294
February 73 73 . 71H ivX
May 76% 75% 74V 75
Corn, No. i—
January 86Vi 86% 35T4 86U
February 36% 37 36% S6H
May ........ 38H -88^ 37% 38%
Oats, No. a— .
January 23V; 23% 23H ' 23%
May -24% 25% 24% 25U
Mess Pork, per bbl— . . ""•
January % ...13 95 13 95 13 85 13 95
May .14 024 14 15 13 85 14 15
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January .780- 787H''<80* 7 37W
March 7 KV, 7 42% -.7 42% 7 42%
May 7 47% 7 50 7 42% 7 47U
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— >- '*
January,.. 6 95 . 7 02% 6 95 7 02U
May ,7 12% 715 705 7 15?
Cash quotations were. as follows: Flour In
active; No. 3 spring wheat, 61@72c; No 2 'red
74376c; No. 2 corn, 37%c; No. 2 yellow 37Uc'
No. 2 oats, "24c; No. 2 white. 27c; No. 3 white'
26®26%c; No. 2 rye/ Gl%052%c; fair to choice
.malting barley. f,-i<?760c; No. • 1 flaxseed ' jl 64-
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 65; prime timothy seed'
$4 65 ; mess pork, per bbl, . $13 93@14 ; lard per
100 lbs. $7 3507 37%; short ribs, sides (loose)
rr@7 25: dry salted shoulders (boxed) 6U®6Ha-
Khort clear sides (boxed), S7 25@7 35- whisky'
basis of high - wines, $1 27 ; clover, contract
prade. $11.
Nezu York Stock Market.
N*EW TORK, Jan. 17.— The state of mind of
th« speculators to-day was one of extreme
nen-ousnefs. The cloud of distrust was some
what aifsersed during the course of the flay
and prices were laboriously Sifted to a level
above last night, but uneasiness recurred In
th* late dealings and the market closed with
urgent selling in force and with violent anJ
disorderly breaks In a number of Important
etocks. The excessive confusion of the price
movement during the early part of the day
•-erved to put speculators long of stock in a
nate of bewilderment. There was bold and
powerful manipulation used to support prices
and dissuade holders from selling. The ex
treme dullness into which the market fell after
the early selling movement had been checkeC
was proof of the success achieved by this
maneuver, but when it began to appear that
the marking up of prices had been simply for
the purpose of affording a market to realize on,
the pressure to sell became urgent again, lead
lnc to the final break In prices. The price
movement was 60 Irregular and mixed at all
times as to defy ar.y close analysis. The open
ing woa.kr.ee s wan most marked In the steel
group, and the conditions among the great
¦ted corporations continued ¦ to excite grave
uneasiness during the session. The conviction
Is takjnc form in rpeculative circles that a
war betv.een the tsteel companies Is dangcrously
Immlnent. which if It comes, will demoralise
earnir.r« In the trade. The tacit admission by
lrjiide authorities of a coming bond issue by
Federal Steel in accepted as foreshadowing a
coining strurg>. That etock had a further
decline of Zh% and Federal Eteel preferred of
2 ro'nts, or. account of this fear and declines
In other members of the group ranged from
1 to 2 points. Meantime m&nlpulalive support
was effective In other, part* of the list and
Fuga-r. People's Gas, St. Paul, Manhattan and
a number of the Pacifies and Southwesterns
wrre lifted from 1 to 2 points. The support
xi-as accorded to the steel stocks and the prin
cipal members of the irroup. Including Federal
Steel. Tin Plate, Etecl and Wire and Esielt
lng. were lifted eharply above last night. Mean
time there was realizing In the railroad list
tnd prices reneral!y fell away with occasional
which w^re held up as a supjHirt
to the market. In the final slump the whol«
lift fell ecain wflh very few exceptions below
last right. There were such violent breaks ts
4 !n Baltimore and Ohio, 4% In Manhattan
3% in Hrooklyn Trasnlt and Ore*t Northern
IiP"Jerrpa. 3U in Sugar and 2^j In Ht. Paul and
New Tork Central. Many cf the railroad
ftocks were at the lowest when the market
<-loc*d. The statement of President Hill of
th^ Great Northern that be had never owned
a share of Bt. Paul ctock In his life had a
preatly unsettling Influence on speculators who
have worked In the conviction that St. Paul
had passed to the control of the Oreat North
ern and Northern Pafiflc. The declaration of a
2 per cent dividend en New York. Chicago and
Bt. Ix)u'.s second preferred, where all the way
from I : * to 5 per cent had been confidently
predicted caused a readjustment of Ideas as
to a large number of analogous caees. The
denial of the rumor that Metropolitan Street
Us II way had leafed Manhattan Elevated upset
another line of speculative calculations. The
jnon^y rnjpply continues superabundant, but the
crowing belief that a notable outward move
ment of cold has begun served as an additional
drag en the market.
The bond market was rather quiet and lr
rerular. Total sales, par value. t2.92S.000.
United States bonds were all unchanged ; on
the last calL
CHICAGO, Jan. 17.— Liverpool did not fully
reflect the decline Jof l%c here yesterday, and
this was the cause of a moment's firmness in
wheat at the opening, which was He higher for
May at 75%c to 75%c. The same old stone—lib
eral receipts and slack outside support— was
still fastened about the market's neck and the
first half hour saw a drop to 74H@"4^c under
fairly liberal selling. The selling pressure was
weakened long enough for a recovery to 74%c,
but trade was dull, and this attempt at recov
ery was soon abandoned and a relapse to 74V40
74Vio followed. Eruring the last fifteen minutes
May rallied sharply to 75c, at which the mar
ket closed, H'iJHc lower. This rally was, due
mostly to moderate covering by shorts on a
market that had been sold to a standstill. Their
buying was based partially on the report of ex
ports that 106 loads had been taken for foreign
shipment and partly on a desire to take profits,
as it was believed the foreign sales had been
made at good prices and that much of the
grain was of Inferior quality. Seaboard clear
ances in wheat and flour were equal to'53S,000
bushels.
Corn was stronger during part of the session,
although prices did bend a little early "In sym
pathy with the wheat weakness. The high
price of hogs, coupled with buying- by pro
vision Interests, the light country movement
and the continued poor grading of receipts were
the ruling factors. There was little or no ele
vator setting and a good cash demand, although
business was as usual hampered by lack of
cars. May closed %c higher at 38&@38%c. Oats
also exhibited individual strength, showing no
attention to the wheat weakness. The excel
lent cash demand, small movement and a re
port that big interests were long 15,000,000
bushels were the supporting Influences. The
corn strength was also a help. May closed
HQHc higher at 25Uo. " ¦ '
Provisions were dull and neglected, but
steady on a moderate run of bogs, firm prices
at the yards and a good cash demand. May
pork closed 16c higher; May lard unchanged
and May ribs 2%c up. • "
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Chicago reported considerable selling dur
ing the past three days. In consequence of
which all the local holders have let go to a
man, owing to the freo selling of Argentine.
The Wall street Interests alone are holding
on to their Wheat, led by Keeno, and lt Is
undorstool that their holding* , are all intact
and some have been added to. There Is less !
liquidation In consequence of the withdrawal !
of the local holders, and there were large
buying orders at 74<4o. Minneapolis millers !
sold a good deal of Flour for export and look
for an Improvement in business. : The feature
of the Chicago market was the heavy bull
buying of May Oats. 1 .
This market was unsettled and, weak, though
#here was no particular decline.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97>fcc; milling $1<QI 05
per Ctl.
CALL nOARD SALES.
Informal 8esslon— 9:13 o'clock— May— 20C0 ctls,
$1 03%; 20,000. Jl 03V4; December— 2000. $1 07H.
Second Session— May— 6000 ctls. $1 03%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 4000 ctls
$L03?<,; December— 4000. $107%.
Afternoon Session— May— 4000 ctls, %l 03%:
2000. .$1 03T4. -'¦"•
BARLEY— This market Is still characterized
by extreme dullness.
Feed. 75c for choice bright, 72V4@73Xc for No.
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
gr&des. 77H®S2M;C; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sesslon-9:15 o'clock-May-2000 ctla
71?ic.
¦ Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Continue In moderate demand at
Steady prices, with light stocks. One thou
sand centals arrivod . from the East yesterday.
White, Jl 30@l 50; Surprise, nominal: Red
$1 2a@l 40 for Feed ( and Jl 35@1 45 for Seed-
Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed, 11 17V4<j?i 20j
lor Seed. $1 25@1 30 per ctl. *•.""*,• '
CORN— Is dull at the decline already noted !
T ? ll0Wi .. $1 12H: Wh " e . *1 10@l IB; Eastern i
mixed, $1 12V6 per ctl.
RYE— S5QS7HC per ctl.
KUCKWHEAT-Quoted at $185 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family , Extras. $3 25®
3 50. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. J3 15@3 25;
Oregon. $2 7502 85 per barrel - for family and
n 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers', $2 75
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
£7° u , r< * 3 per 10 ° lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Ry»
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. ? $7; Corn Meal. $2 76;
extra cream do, $3 60; Oat Groats. $4 50 r Hom
iny. $3 50^:3 75; Buckwheat Flour, J4S4 23;
Cracked Wheat. J3 50; Farina, J4 BO; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $8®
7 2o; In sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Feas. $3; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran Is firm at a slight advance.
Hay stands the same, the choice grades be
ing ;; firm and wanted and \ tho lower grades
dull and weak.
BRAN— $15@15 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— J16 5O®13 50 per ton.'
FEEDSTUFFS- Rolled r. Barley, "• $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25026; Jobbing,
$26 00; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal. $25®
! 25 60: Cracked Corn. $25 hO&it; Mixed Feed,
;H-A.Y— Volunteer. $5®8 ; -TVhee.t. Jinaaa 50 ;
Wheat and Oat, $l&312 60; Oat,$9@12; Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $8@9 50;: Barley; $7 5009 50 per
ten. . , " ¦
¦ STRAW— 35©47%c per bale." -
Beans and Seeds.
! The market for all descriptions under . this
; head continues -quiet . at ! unchanged quotations.
i BEANS— Bayos, $2 5002 70; Small White.;$4 50
©4 65: Large White, LJ3 65®3 85: : Pink. - $2 ISO
2 25 ; v Red, . $2 75^3 ; Blackeye. J3 : Llmas, I J5 50
| @5 «5; Pea,- cleaned up and nominal; Red Kld
j ney. »3 75^4 .-per* ctl.' ¦; . s* . • ¦
i SEEDS-Brown Mustard, 1 * nominal: - Yellow
. WHEAT — Liverpool, Paris and New Tork
were all lower again and dull.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling: Exchang*. 60 days — }l 84V4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 iS^
Sterling Cables — . : 4 89>,4
New York Exchange, sight *— 1714
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 22V4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 63%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50}£ @ 51
Exchange and Bullion.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 17.— On the opening the
feeling was easy, with prices down 3@5 points,
Immediately followed by an additional 6tf?3
points under selling for both accounts which
seemed to come from nearly all points The
market was finally steady, with prices 5<ftlO
points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 17.— FLOUR— Receipts.
13,730 barrels; exports, 16,331 barrels; market
weak and again very dull, with buyers 10@15c
under the market; winter straights, $3 4CQ)
3 DO; Minnesota patents, $4^4 25.
WHEAT— Receipts, 62,000 bushels; exports.
74,000 bushels; spot, steady; No. 2 red, 79^c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 77"»c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, SiVic f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 89Vic f. o. b. afloat. Options dis
played more weakness to-day after momentary
steadiness at the opining. Heavy unloading
orders came in during the forenoon and prices
dropped lc. Any. disposition toward a subse
quent rally was ?checked by an afternoon
cable estimating a big Argentine crop and ex
port surplus until near the close when shorts
put up the price a 11U1-; closed steady at »»(&)
He net loss: January closed at 7SV4c; March
"S'^TSHc, closed at 7?%c; May, 79 1 i*gS0 1-I6c
Closed at 79*ic: July, 7S^<&79?ic. closed at 79>ic.
LKATHER^Steady.
COFFEE— The markc-t for futures closed
steady, with prices 6@10 points lower; total
sales. 17.500 bags, including January. {5 55:
March. $5 75: May, $5 85: July. J5 90; Septem
ber, ?5 95; October. J6; December, $8 05. Spot
Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice, l\ic; mild, quiet: Cor
dova. S*?l2Hc.
SUGAR — Refined, steady: raw, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. S-J38 packages: market
firm; creamery, 16@21c; June creamery, 15(3 20c;
factory. ll@14c.
EGGS— Receipts, 4132 packages; firm; West
ern, averaee packed at mark. 19@20c; Western.
: loss off, 20%c
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples remains
about in the same condition as previously re
ported. Exporters seemed Inclined to hold off
end trading was only of a nature to supply
immediate requirements. The undertone, how
ever, was generally Eteady at fully sustained
prlceE. State common was quoted at 3%@4%c;
prime, 5S5?»c: choice. 5%®6c. and fancy, 6@7c." '
California fruits were inactive. Prunes were I
nominally quoted at 3\iiQS\ic per pound, as to
size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7»i@12c; Moorpark, 8Vi
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 6^@10c.
Nezu York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
19.900 Atchlson 44
15.TW) Atchison preld 84%
24.60-3 Baltimore & Ohio 88
Canadian Pacific 8S%
Si/) Canada Southern 67
3.4'".' Chesapeake & Ohio :.... 3S?i
S.SOO Chicago Great Western ..; 17^
I2.&00 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 143%
Chicago Ind & Louisville 25
£00 Chicago Ind &. Louisville prefd (9
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 94
200 Chicago & Northwestern 171
lO.r.00 ChicaKu Kock Island & Pacific 121%
l.WW C C C & St Louis 7S'«
100 Colorado Southern VJH
100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42
300 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16H:
*.2'.*) Delaware & Hudson 152
TiX) Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 192
2.700 I>enver & IUo Grande 31f«
300 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 82
4S,6ftO Erie 27%
2C.600 Erie 1st prefd 64h
7£9 Gr*-at Northern prefd 19o^*
Hocking Coal 14
MM Hiding Valley 43%
1,200 Illinois Central 130Vi
£00 Iowa Central 23
i00 Iowa Central prefd *»\»
~jo Lake Erie & Western 41^
L"<0 Lake Erie & Western prefd 109
l^jke Shore 230
G.1G0 Louisville & Nashville 8bV»
£4.OuO Manhattan Elevated 116V*
!\400 Metropolitan Street Railway 1<J3^
3.4W Mexican Central 13H
It*) Minneapolis &. St Louis 68^
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 106
22.100 Missouri Pacific S-»Ti
Mobile & Ohio 46
1.000 Missouri Kansas & Texas 16
15.500 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 47
7iX) New Jersey Central 153
2.CK) New York Central 140»i
7,000 Norfolk & Western 444
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 82H
40.800 Northern Pacific S2?i
32.300 Northern Pacific prefd S6\i
30,300 Ontario & Western 31H
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
10.C00 Pennsylvania 14"V»
21.S00 Reading Sl^i
12.600 Reading 1st prefd 70%
2,200 Reading 2d prefd 42
Rio Grande Western 65
Rio Grande Western prefd 92
9.500 St Loul3 & San Fran I7U
100 tt Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 79 1 /*
610 ?t Lou'.s & San Fran 2J prefd 57^
4.600 St Louis Southwestern 22
7.S0O St Louis Southwestern prefd DOVi
70,600 St Paul 150
St Paul prefd 189
100 St Paul & Omaha 132
103.S00 Southern Pacific 43
11.500 Southern Railway 19»4
«.i")0 Southern Railway prefd 70^,
5,300 Texas & Pacific 25'«
4J.000 Union Pacific 82%
4.200 Union Pacific prefd S3
600 AVabash ¦. 11V
7.200 Wal«Lsh prefd 21%
X.SW Wheeling & Lake Erie 12
S00 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 2SV,
Wisconsin Central I5«s
400 Third Avenue I21H
200 Baltimore & Ohio prefd £5
2,200 National Tube £6
700 National Tube prefd 93
Express Companies —
Adams 143
100 American 173
Unite-d States So
1O0 Wells Fargro 13j
Miscellaneous —
100 American Cotton Oil ?7V4
American Cotton Oil prefd $6
American Malting 4*i
American Malting prefd 25
3,100 American Pmeltinc & Refining 62
1.E00 Anierican Smelting& Ref prefd.... OS'i
American Spirits 1^
American Spirits prefd, nominal... 17
2.7(X) American Steel Hoop 26
800 American Steel Hoop prefd 72
1S.2C0 American Steel &. Wire 3SV4
1,100 American Ste<-I & Wire prefd S4 ' .
27,100 American Tin Plate £9%
200 American Tin Plate prefd 89
10,400 American Tobacco 112%
American Tobacco prefd ....13$
600 Anaconda Mining Co 45
21.200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 8OV4
5,600 Colorado Fuel & Iron 46Vi
13.200 Continental Tobacco 43^4
Continental Tobacco prefd 93V
67,500 Federal Steel 47
9,700 Federal Steel prefd 69^4
700 General Electric 188
200 Glucose Sugar 4744
1.T-00 Glucose Sugar prefd 86
2,700 International Paper 22?»
1.300 International Paper prefd 70
Laclede Gas 70
National Biscuit 27%
122 National Biscuit prefd 92
R00 National L»ad 16H
500 National Lead prefd 85
5,000 National Steel 39V4
200 National Steel prefd 91^4
New York Air Brake 14S
3.S00 North American 20
200 Pacific Coast E6
Pacific Coast 1st prefd SO
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 65
200 Pacific Mail 42
20.900 People's Gas 98«A
1,W> Pressed Steel Car 42
300 Pressed Steel Car prefd 78
200 Pullman Palace Car 1%
200 Standard Rope & Twine 8%
43.SO0 Sugar 132*i
100 Sugar prefd ng'
4.CV> Tennessee Coal & Iron 64
2.319 United States Leather 11%
f.00 United States L«?ather prefd......... 73%
COO United States Rubber 2nJ
600 United States Rubber prefd 60^4
4.100 Western Union £4
23.400 Amalirmated Copper 90%
2.200 Republic Iron & Steel Co.... 13
1,200 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd.... £6%
P C C & St Louis 65
1,C45,GOO Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref regr 105^4 JN Y C lsts 1O6»4
Do coupon 106% N J C gen 5s 128
L* S 3a reg 1034IN Pacific 3s 704
Do coupon 110 i Do 4s , 104%
Do new 4e reg-..136V4 N Y C & St L 4s..l08i4
Do new 4a coup.. 137 V» N & W con 4s.....l00 1 4
Do old 4s reg. ...113% Or Nav lsts us'
l>o old 4s coup...ll4V4 Do 4s 103U
Do 8s reg 110H Or Short Line 6s...l29V4
Do 5s coupon 111%] Do con 6s 115
Diet of Col 3.6S8...125 iReadlng gen 4s.... 93
Atchlson gen 4a....lO2'.4R G w lsu 99
Do adj 4s.. 89 iSt L & I.M con Cs.lHt.
Canada So 2ds 110 | Do gen 6s.. 128
Ches & Ohio 4%s. 104*4 St Paul cons 186
Do Es 120H(St P C & P lats..H8
Chi & N con 7S....139&I Do 6s 119%
Do S F deb 5s. ...123 ISo Pacific 4s....... H%
Chicago Term 4s... 92^4' So Railway Cs 112%
Colorado So 4s Si%\ Stand R & T 6s... 67^
D & R G 4s 100>4;Tex & Pac lsts. ..115'
Erie pen 4s 83% Do 2ds 90
F ff&DC lsts... 80 U Pacific 4s 105%
<Ien Electric 5s 155 Wabash lsts........iis>4
Iowa Central lsta.llj'j; Do Ids ....1&8H
I. & N unl 4s 88»i| West Shore 4s 114U
M K & T 2ds 76y 4 jWls Central 4s 86 "
Do 4* 97 'Va Centuries M%
MINING STOCKS.
Adama Con 20 Little Chief > 16
Alice 45 Ontario 6 60
Breece ..2 00 Ophir M
Brunswick Con 27 Phoenix 10
Conutock Tunnel... 04 Potc^l - 10
Con Cb4 & Va 1 50 Savage lj
Dead wood Terra.... E3 Sierra Nevada....... 20
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes. 75
Iron Silver: 65 Standard ..4 15
Leadvlllo Con 06l
BOSTON STOCKS AND BOND6.
Money— Union Pacific .... 82%
Call loans 2>Aqi% Union Land ....... 2&
Time loans 4 64%, West End 93
- B i? ckfr r „ Westlnghouse EX. 55
A T & S F 44 Wis Central 15%
A T & B F prefd. 84>4 Bonds—
American. Sugar...l32% Atchlson 4s ......101%
Am Sugar prefd.. 118^4 Mining Shares—
Bell Telephone 15!» I Adventure 9%
Boston & Albany..2S4H',Blngham ........... is£
Boston Elevated.. .160 'Amalj Copper- .... 9o£
Imports of Specie.
In-.ports of specie at this port in 1900 were
$r.E22.S12. trainst J17.2C7.S15 in 1S98. the lead
lr.g descriptions being as follows: Gold bul
lion. J361.24S: gold cola, $S4.507.:6S: silver bul
lion. fI.^t,7S2; silver coin. $71S,4S7; treasury
notes, J22.C27. The leading sources were: Aus
tralia, Ji;,OSS,£S0; Mexico. tS,2<5,£42; Japan, J6,-
S22.714.
The Rebate on Prunes.
Mail advices frcra New York say: "The
trade was larpely oceupiel vesterdar with ef
forts to get atralghtened out on the prune
situation. There eee:r.s to have been a serious
mlEunderstandir.g here as well as on the coast
rt-garfiing the matter of rebates to Jobbers 00
goods r.ow tn etock. Many local houses re
ceived dispatches from California to the effect
that rebates would be granted to original buy
ers equivalent to the reduction In price, but
this apparently is not to be the case. All
yesterday's advices were to the effect that the
rebates were to be allowed on purchases yet
to be made, in c&t-e of a further reduction
from the prices Jutt »-ytublished. The question
1 f an allowance of a ca>Ji discount cf
IVi i>er cent also appeared In doubt.
"On the spot the reduction seetr.s to have
net changed the situation as yet. There is
t radically no demand fcr prune*, and the re
duction is not large enough to indues specu
lation. Raisins continue flnr.er. with a contin
uance of demand In a email way. Expori
business In all dried fruits is improving:,
though the ixlume of poods going out is net
larce"
Weather Report.
(13Dth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 17—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of 6aae date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours :
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
E9. minimum 48. mean 64.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
northern portion of the Pacific Slope. During
the past twenty-four hours there has been a
fall of nearly three-tenths of an Inch from
the mouth cf the Columbia River northward.
Condi tlor.s ere less favorable for settled fair
weather than they have be«n for forty-eight
fcours past.
The temperature has risen slightly along the
coast from Cape Mendocino northward. Along
the coast of Southern California the temp*-r
etures are from S to 14 degrees above the
normal.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
hours er.Clng midnight. January 18:
Northern California— Cloudy Friday, possibly
light rain by night alor.g the northern coast;
light northeast winds, changing to south
easterly.
Southern California— Fair Friday; ' light
northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
Utah— Fair Friday.
Arizona— Fair Friday: light frosts In south
ern portion Friday morainj;.
£an Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Friday,
with conditions favorable for showers Friday
right; light northeast, changing to southeast
winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
THURSDAY. Jan. 17—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. j Bid Ask.
4s quar coup.. 1134114% i 4s do cp (new)137iil33
4s do reg 113%114%.3s do coup.... 110 111
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Bay Co PCo£s.l04% — Oak Water 6s.lO2U —
Cul-st Cab 5s. 116 — Oceanic SS os 108H
C C Water 5s.lO6»4 — Om C Ry 6s..l2S —
Rd L & P 6«..131 133 Pac G Imp 4s.lOO —
F & Cl Ry 63.114% — P & Cl Ry 63.IO6 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — H & O R R 6». — —
II C & S 5%s. — — Powell-st R gs.llS
Do 5s 104%— Sac E G&R5s. — 99U
L A Ry 5<>....111% — S F& SJ V 5s. 120 —
L A Lt Co 6s. — — • S R of/ Cal 6s.H0 —
Do gntd 63.. — 104 S P R of A 6s.llO% —
Do 5» — — ISPC6S (1905,
L A P R R 5s.l01 — I Series A)....109% —
Marlct Cab 69.126 — Do (Series B)110i4 —
Do 1st M 5s. 122 — , Do (190«) Ill 113
N C N G R7s. — 113Vii Do (1912) 12l»4 —
N U of Cal 63.112 113 S P R 1st «c5s.lO7 10S%
Do us 120 — 3 P B R C 6s.l3Ui —
N P C R R 6S.101K — S V Water 6s..ll4H —
Do 5s 107 — Do 4s 103i,104%
N Cal Ry 5s. .110% — Do 3d mtgo..l01\102Vk
O G L & H 5s.llO»i — Stktn Gas 6s.. 103 —
Oak Tran 6s... 115 115%
•, WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70*4 70% 1 Spring Valley. 90% 91
Marln County. 51H — !
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L&P Co— 4 Pac I* Co — 44
Equit G L Ct>. 1% — ; Sac E G&RCo — 40
Mutual El Co. — Hi S F G & E 47Vi 47T4
0 G L. & II... 49% 50 San Francisco. 4% 4Ti
Pac Gas Imp. 44 — Stktn G £ E.. — 14
Flrem's Kund.231 — |
BANK STOCKS.
Ar.glc-Cal Ltd 76 — |Lon P & A.. .143%— j
Bank of Cal.. — 412 | Merchants' Ex IS — '
Cal S D & T.102 l'>4 S F Nat Bk..l20 135
First National — 323 '
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.... —1840 iSav & L So... — —
Hum S & L.. — — Sec Sav Bk...275. —
Mut Sav Bk.. 50 — Union T Co.... —
S F Sav U...510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 134 140 O S L & H,... 40 —
Geary-st 47%— Presidio 17% 20
Market-st 69 69% '*
POWDER STOCKS.
California — — IVlgorlt 2% 3
Giant Con Co. 83% 84% |
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7 7*i Kilauea S Co. 21%
Haw C & S Co 87% — Makawell S Co 41»i 42
Honokaa. S Co 31H — Onomea S Co. 2SVi —
Hutch S P Co 26% 27 Paauhau S»Co. 32U —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn.125 125% Oo«tnic SS Co.lOOUlOlU
Cal Fruit Asn.103% - Pac A F A ~°- lu p l ;^»
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac Bor Co.. .153 —
Mer Ex Assn. 97 — Par Paint Co. 12% —
Mornlns Session.
5 GlanT Powder Con g 4 co
190 Market-street Railway 69 23
50 Mutual Electric Light. 7 00
300 Onomea Sugar Co.:.. 28 *5
310 Paauhau S P Co 32 23"
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 50
Street—
tlO.COO S V 4s bonds <2<5 mtge), b 5 102 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— »
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.!.. 87 60
30 Honokaa 31 3714
30 Hutchlnson S P Co 26 73
20 Makawell 41 75
85 Makawelt 41 gyii
5 Mutual Electric Light g 75
$5,000 Oakland Transit Co, 6a .M15 25
100 Paauhau S P Co 22 25
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 25
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 12%
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 73
20 Spring Valley Water.\ 91 25
2S Spring Valley Water. .V 91 CO
n Street—
170 Honokaa S Co "8150
10O Paauhau S P Co.. 3223
. PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— .
200 Continental 1 in
1300 Four Oil Co . M
oK Four Oil Co "] 57
1 Hanford io$ M
10OO Independence 21
1000 Independence, b 60 22
100 Kern Oil Co " « JJ
600 Lion OH Co 28
600 Lion Oil Co ;. 2 3
1330 Monarch of Arizona 75
1000 Monarch of Arizona, b 60 77
600 Monarch of Arizona 73
J00 Monte Crtsto j 15
400 Occidental of WVa M
400 Occidental of W Va, b 60 w
60 Pearlesa g 75
1D0 Peerless g 57^
60 Peerless 9 po
2500 Petroleum Center ." 25
500 Reed Crude Oil Co 79
150 San Joaquln Oil A Dev 13 g]%
F0 San Joaquln Oil & D*t 13 60
60 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 13 75
200 Senator 2 49
200 Sterling O & D Co 3 33
20 Sunset (original) 43
300 West Lake 2g
1C0 "Wolverine ~ „ 1 jt%
100 Yukon go
Street—
5O11 City Petroleum 34 00
2 Hanford '. 10s 00
2000 Independence 21
Afternoon . Session.
Board—
100 Continental 1 1214
100 Continental 1 u
800 Four Oil Co M
1 Hanford io« CO
350 Hcme Oil j 75
1 r.W Junction 75
I 200 Junction 79
! 100 Kern Oil Co u 19%
I 60 Kern Oil Co ji 00
600 Lion Oil Co ; 21
t>50 Lion OH Co ....;...:...... 23
1100 Lion Oil Co 21
60 McKlttrtck Consolidated 22
400 Monarch of Arizona 75
200 Monarch of Arizona ;. 74
200 Monarch of Arizona- 77
900 Monte Cristo 2 15
100 Occidental of W Va a
1000 Petroleum Center og
10» Peuoleum Center 55
300 Reed Crude Oil Co 70
3T>0 Senator 2 40
so Senator • 30
25 Senator 2 20
200 Sterling O & D CO 335
60 Thirty-Three- 12 (» '
CLOSING QUOTATIONS..
THURSDAY. Jan. 17—2:30 p. m.
SHOCKS." -; [ Bld^J Asked.
American Fuel & Oil Co. I _ f ja~
Bear Flag ....... .'..'..t.v;:.'.:...! - 46 I —
On the morning session of the Boad Ex
change Gas and Electric advanced to. $47 50.
Trading was light. la the afternoon the stock
sold up to $48 23, but fell back to J47 75. Spring
Valley Water declined to $91.
Though business was good on the Oil Ex
change there was nothing like the recent pro
nounced activity. San Joaquln advanced to
$13 75. Lion declined to 21e.
The quarterly dividend of $1 60 per share by
the California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany was paid on the lith.
The Continental Oil Company announces a
dividend of 3 per cent, payable April 1.
An assessment of 15c per share upon the
stock of the McKittrirk Consolidated OH Com
pany will become 'delinquent February 11.
The San Francisco Oil Exchange, a new con
cern, has organized by th# appointment of a
committee consisting of Messrs. Gerberdlng.
Rosenberg, Cutter, Soule. Meyer. Cadogan, i
Gauthier, Herzberg. Hirsehfeld. Rose, Otis,
Reis, Capp. Patrick. Miller and Algeltinger.
This committee will take necessary measures
ror permanent organization. The membership
Is limited to 118. and over one hundred names
have already been registered.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Blackjack 180 150
California-Standard S7 IS
Cal Oil & Gas 100 -
Caribou — 54
Continental 1 11% —
El Dorado 1 55 1 85
Four ,; 56 53
Hanford 10« 00 —
Hanford. Fresno. Kern River. 43 —
Home S 75 S 83
Independence 20 21
Kern River is ;» 17 00
Lion Oil Co 21 22
McKittrlck Consolidated 23 2«
McKHtrick S3 ' 36
Monarch of Arizona 73 73
Monte Cristo 2 17»^ 2 M
Occidental of West Va... «t M
Oil City Petroleum 30 0O 34 00
Peerless 9 00/ 10 00
Petroleum Center 25 28
Pittsburg — 100
Reed Crude «3 70
San Joaquln O & D Co 13 50 IS «2'»
Shamrock , 80 80
Sterling O & D Co 3 30 S 35
Sunset Original — 43
Twenty-eight 8 30 « 3TV4
Westlake 25 23
Westshore )» , —
Wolverine 1 «?H 1 75
Yukon 50 1 -
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1 250 Best & Belcher 23j 300 Ophlr 63
. 10O Caledonia 70 400 Savage 15
! 230 Con Cal & Va..l 70| 200 Silver Hill 44
; 100 Justice OSi 10O Silver Hill...— 43
600 Mexican 34! 200 Syndicate 13
3C0 Ophlr 65|
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 151 200 Mexican ... »4
30O Best & Belcher 2S 250 Optilr «3
1100 Con Cal & Va..l 75 100 Ophlr M
10O Con Cal & Va..l 80' COO Sierra Nevada. 23
300 Crown Point... 13 1300 Union Con 27
BOO Hale & Norcrs. 21 300 Yellow Jacket.. 13
(00 Mexican 35
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belcher 2fi, 2C0 Gould & Curry. «
500 Challenge Con. 20 3C0 Mexican M
400 Chollar 12, SCO Ophlr *4>
600 Con Cal & V...1 83' 6CO Syndicate 10
700 Con Cal & V.I «7Vi' 300 Union Con 24
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher 211 700 Mexican t*
900 Best Sc Belcher 17 40© Mexican 35
1000 Challenge Con. 21-2100Ophir 87
100 Con Cal & V.I 724| 5"0 Ophlr 68
1200 Con Cal & V...1 7">( 7C0 Ophir «3
750 Con Cal & V...1 8<>j Zi:o Savage IS
600 Crown Point... 214 121 .-o Union Con 27
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Jan. 17 — i p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
tlpha 03 05! Justice 08 09
Alta 04 OJlKenturk 01 03
Andes 09 09, Lady Wash — 02
Belcher 15 16IMexican 34 35
Best & Belcher 27 28 > Occidental 04 (A
Bullion 02 04;Ophir 19 69
Caledonia 77 79 j Overman _ 15 1*
Challenge Con.. 21 22;Potosl 11 13
Chollar 12 13; Savage 18 li
Confidence 60 63 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 73 1 8o : Seg Belcher.... 03 04
Con Imperial... 01 — Sierra Nevada. 22 24
Con New York. 01 —I Silver Hill 47 43
Crown Point... 14 16|St Loui3 10 —
Eureka Con.... — 33|Standard 4 ?:> 4 C".
Exchequer — 02|Syndlcate 09 11
Gould & Curry. 45 SOil'nion Con J7 28
Hale & Norcrs. 20 22'Utah 05 07
Julia 02 03lYellow Jacket.. 17 13
Another advance in New York telegraphic exchange.
Pacific Codfish continues to advance.
New Yorkers stirred up over Prune rebates.
Wheat and Barley weak and dull.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Bran advanced again. No change in Hay.
All kinds of Beans and Seeds inactive.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Butter weak and dull. CJieese and Eggs lower.
Poultry weak and dragging. Game steady.
Fresh Fruits quiet at previous prices.
Provisions firm enough, but not over active.
Meat market lightly supplied and firm.
Local stocks and bonds continue dull.
Fair trading in the Oil stocks.
Increased imports of specie last year.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 17.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the J130.000.000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. 1138,187,046; gold, $S0.33S.395.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Jan, 17.— Money on call, easier
at 2^3 per cent; last loan, '2 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4®6 per cent. Sterling ex
change, firmer with actual business in bank
ers' bills at M 87@i 87% for demand and at
$4 S3«J4 S3?» for sixty days. Posted rates. $4 S4'.i
<fH S4% and $4 88. Commercial bills, $4 S2%@
4 s:%. Silver certificates. 64%gG3%c. Bar sil
ver, 63%c Mexican dollars, 49%c. Government
bonds, steady; State bonds, irregular; railroad
bonds. Irregular.
New York Money Market.
LONDON, Jan. 17.— Atchlson, 46%; Canadian
Pacific, 92; Union Pacific preferred. 85%;
Northern Pacific preferred. 88%; Grand Trunk,
72%; Anaconda 9V4; Rand mines, 37%; bar sil
ver 6teady, 29 3-16d per ounce; money, 3@4
per cent.
CLOSING.
Americans were extremely Idle and closed
deDressed after a temporary flutter on early
buying from New York. Union Pacifies being
especially affected. The street was like a
Quaker meeting. The market regards the St.
Paul deal as off, expects a postponement of
the Erie dividend and would not relish it if it
were paid. The bank lost £50,000 gold to South
Africa.
The markets here were stagnant to-day.
Further failures of houses connected with the
Westrallan collapse were averted, but there
was considerable liquidation Instead.
NEW YORK. Jan. 17.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
Boston & Maine.. .194 Atlantic 23
Chgo Bur & Q 143% Boston & Mont. ...32014
Dominion Coal .... 38H Butte & Boston... 7S
Dom Coal prefd...l06% Calumet & Hecla_.85O
federal Steel 47 Centennial 22
Fed Steel prefd.... 69% Franklin ........... 15tt
Fitchburg prefd.. ..139^ Humboldt 50
General. Electric... 189V, Osoeola 81H
Gee Elec prefd. ...159 Parrot 49
Ed Elec 111 220 Quincy '. .....ITS
Mexican Central... 13% Santa Fe Copper.. tiVi
£f,. E Gas & Coke.. IS Tamarack 325
Old Colony ....;... S07 Utah Mining ...... S2\i
Old Dominion 30% Wlnona 5V4
Rubber 21V4 Wolverines 4S
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
LONDON. Jan. 17.— The offerings at the wool
I auction sales to-day numbered 13,522 bales, in
cluding a good selection of scoureds. Merinos
were in active demand above the October
average. There was a general demand for
cross-breds. which were in larger supply, and
all were sold. Fine grades were firm and me
dium and lower grades, were steadier. Cape
oJ Good Hope and Natal sold steadily, espe
cially for Continental account.
Portland's Business.
1 .
PORTLAND. Jan. 17.— Clearings, $344,302;
balances, $37,SCT.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. J7.— AVheat— Walla Walla.
55c. >
Cleared— Faveretree, for Queenstown, 119,366
bushels wheat.
Exports of wheat from Portland for the
week ending to-day were 335,727 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 17.— Wheat quiet and un
changed. Bluestem, 5"Hc; club, 55c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Jan. 17. -Consols, 96 11-18; silver,
20 3-lCd; French rentes, lOlf 90c; wheat car
goes on passage, easier and neglected; No. 1
standard California, 2Ss 9d; English country
market?, dull. *
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 17.— Wheat in Paris, dull;
flour in Paris, quiet; French, country markets,
quiet and steady; weather in England, milder.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 7-16d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, strong: No. 1 California. 6s
5d; No. 2 red Western winter. 6s 2Ud; No. 1
Northern spring. 6s 4Vj<J. Futures, quiet;
March, Cs %d ; May, 6s %d.
CORN— Spot, quiet: American mixed new.
3s lid; old. 4s. Futures, quiet: January, Ss
JCttd; March, 3s !>%d: May, 3s 8%d.
London Wool Sales.
SHEEP— Receipts, 15,000; sheep, choice,
steady; others slow to 10c lower; lambs, choice,
steady; others 10*5 15c lower. Good to choice
wethers". $3 70®4 65; fair to choice mixed, $3 40
(a3 73: Western sheep, 13 80S4 60; Texas sheep,
52 50(g3 50; native lambs, $4 25@5 65; Western
lambs. $5@5 CO.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 28,000; to-morrow,
28,000; estimated left over, 5000; steady, active,
closing stronger. Top, $5 32^4; mixed and
butchers'. $5 05@5 30; good to choice heavy. $5 20
©5 3214; rough heavy. $3 0505 15: light, $5 05@
5 25; bulk of sales. $5 20^5 27%.
CHICAGO, Jan. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts, 11.
100, including 1100 Texans; choice steers, firm;
others, slow to 10c lower. Including butchers",
etock and Texans. Good to prime steers, ¦ $5 20
&6 10; poor to medium, $3 50®5 15; stockers and
feeders, choice, firm, others steady, $2 60-3H 60;
cowe. $2 70@4 10; heifers, $2 75@4 50; canners,
slow, $2<JT2 C5; bulls, S2 80®* W; calves, steady,
$4<36; Texas fed steers. $4®4 85; Texas grass
eteers, $3 35@4; Texas bulls, $2 50@3 60.
Chicago Livestock Market.
NEW 'YORK. Jan. 17.— Speculation , In the
local metal market was again dormant. Trad-
Ing was of a small hand-to-mouth character,
with ' the general . trend of prices downward.
Tin,- In response to weak cables from London,
where prices went .oft, about £1 to £119 5s,
reacted about 35 points to-day and closed weak
at $26 15, against $26 50, the closing figure of
yesterday. Some small sales were made at
the decline. Copper though again scoring a
loss of 12s 6d in London to £71. ruled ex
tremely dull in the local market, with a some
what easier undertone. Closing prices were
$17 for Lake Superior and $16 62V4 for casting
ond electrolytic. Concessions were freely of
fered on the latter metal. Lead was dull: at
$4 37V4. the nominal price, while at London
prices went off 3s 9d to £16 13s. Spelter ruled
very dull all day at yesterday's decline, with
trading very slow at $4 10@4 15. Iron mar
kets, both domestic and foreign, were rather
quiet and largely nominal.
New York Metal Market.
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening ' J9 00 20 15
Closing '. 18 95 20 05
Flour-
Opening 24 55 25 60
Closing 24 45 25 50
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . Feb. Mar. May.
Opening * 6 hi «H
Closing 6% .'•!•
market .was quiet; creamery, 14@2Oc; . dairy.
n«/4©18c..M ; Cheese, dull, 10Vi@liy*c. Eggs,
active; fresh. 19c.
.Crushed; 6.2Ec: Powdered, 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated, ,5.&5c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A: 5.75c; Magnolia A. 5.83c; Extra C
6.25c; Golden C. ¦ 5.15c;: barrels, 10c more; half*
barrels. . 25c more; boxes, 50c .more;: 50- lb bags.
lOcmcre. r No orders i,taken for less than 75
borrelB or Its - equivalent. Domlnos; half-bar-
COAL— "Wellington. ' $9 per ton: ¦ Southfield
Wellington, $9; Seattle, J7; ; Brj'ant. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 BO; "Wallsend, $9'.: Co-operative •¦ Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $S 45
per .2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton,, according to
brand.' - , v
. SUGAR — The -Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, • per lb. In 100-lbbags:
.BAGS— San Quenttn Bags, f5 65; Calcutta
Grain ! Bags. June and July, 6&c; Wool Bags
28H@32%e; Fleece Twine.' 7Hc.
General Merchandise.
Fall clip— San Joaquin, 6H@8c;' do lambs, 80
9c; Middle County. 9@10c; Northern Mountain
free. lOigillc: > Southern : : Mountain. ; 7H@8V4c:
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll©12c per lb
HOPS— 12@16c per lb. ' .
WOOL— Spring - Clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, 15@16c; Northern, defective, 12®
14c;. Middle County, free. 15®16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12@14c: Southern Mountain, 12
months'. 9©10c; Southern- Mountain, free. 7
months', Il^l2c: Southern 1 Mountain, defective.
7 months', 9<gllc: Humboldt and Mendocino. 16
@17c: Nevada. 13©16c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
9#c; medium, 9c; light, SCS^c; Cow Hides,
8%c for. heavy and 8©8V4c for light: 'Stags. 6©
6Hc; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 9c: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 15"*c; culis, 13Hc; dry
kip.. 15;. Dry Calf, 16^17c: culls and brands,
14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20030c each; short
Wool. 30®55c each; medium, 60®75c: long Wool.
75c<g$l each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 5O@2 75 for
large and $2©3 25 for medium. $1@1 25 for small
and 50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large, Jl 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and 50c
for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium -skins, 30c: winter or thin
skins,; 20c. Goatskins— Prim« Angoras, . 75c;
large ana smooth, 60c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4c per lb; No 2.
3®3Hc; grease. 2®2%e. " '
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 8Mc: three
half-barrels. Sc; one tierce, 7"4c; two tierces,
7>ic; five tierces, l%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
¦ LARD — Tierces quoted at 6H@6S4c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9%c: 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins, 9%c.
Previous prices rule, with a firm but quiet
market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 11®11«$ C per lb for
heavy, HH@12c for light medium, 12'^@13c for
light. 13%@14c for extra light and 15@15>ic for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 11W«
12c; Mees Beef. $12 per barrel: extra Mess. $13;
Family. $14; extra Prime Pork, $15@15 50; extra
clear, $19 50@20; Mess, $17; Smoked Beef, 13c
per pound.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 13H@14V4c for bright and 1-V,
i013c for light amber; water white extracted
7%?tEc; light amber extracted, i^'Q'c; dark!
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 9®10c per lb for Italian
hardshell. 10c; No. 2. 7He; Almonds/ 12©13 C foY
papershell, 9*mc for -noftsheli: Peanuts 5®bc
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 13c; Filberts 13c- Pe
can*. ll(f?13c; Ctxfcanuts. $3 50®3.
The New Yorkers are still stirred up over
the new Prune situation, as will be seen in
the first column. The local market for all
kinds of fruits. Raisins,, Nuts, etc., is
neglected.
FRUITS— Prunes. Santa Claras. 4 sizes 3c
30-40S. 7c; 40-SOs, 6'4c; 50-COs, 4>4c; 60-70s 3?ic*
70-805, 3^c; 80-SOs, 2%c; 90-100s. 2»4c; lOO-HOs"
Hie; rubles. Vic premium; Sonomas, % c and
Sar. Joaqu'.ns V<c less than Santa Claras ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same. Apri
cots. 6ffSc for Royals and-10®i0%c for Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 6®Sc; sun-dried
3Vi®4',4c; Peaches. 4ff5c for standard. 5@6c for
choice and 6»,4®"c for fancy; Pears. 2@7c-
Plum.«. pitted, ZGWic; unpitted. ligl^c- JCec
tarlnes, 5®5Hc for red and 5H@6c for white
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' .Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy 12c
per lb; choice, lie; standard. S^ic; prime' Sc
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-^
Fancy, lO'^c per lb; choice, 9tfc; standard, 8%c
prime. 8c; unbleached Sultanas. 8c; Seedless'
GO-lb boxes. 6%c: 4-crown. 7c; London Layers'
2-crown, $160 per box: 3-crown. Jl 60- Fancy
Clustere, *2; Deheea, J2 50; Imperial, J3. All
prices f. o. b.\ at common shipping points in
California.
Mustard, nominal: Flax, *2 50(3*3; Canary, 3%9
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7%@9^c; Rape, 2Q
2tte; Hemp. 3»4@3*ic: Timothy. 6%c. ?
DRIED PEAS— Ntlea. $2@2 60; Green. $2 709
3 per ctl ; Blackeye. nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Vegetables from the south continue to' sell
at high prices. Onions are still firm. Sweet
Potatoes rule steady at the advance, and
river descriptions are seldom seen now. Other
Potatoes show little variation.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 65@75c; Burbanks,
35©50c for River and 85c@$l 10 per ctl for
Salinas and 6Jc©$l for Oregon; Sweets, 90c®
$1 10 for Merced. .
ONIONS— n 90@2 25 per ctl; Cut Onions, $1®
1 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, E@6c per lb;
String Beans, 7@15c; Cabbage. 90c; Toma
toes, Los Angeles. $1 5C@2 50 per crate; Egg
Plant, Los Angeles, j12V4@1Sc per lb; Green
Peppers. Los Angeles, 6®$c per lb for Chile
and 12%@15c for Bell; Dried Peppers. 9@llc;
Dry Okra, • 10@15c per lb; Carrots. 25@35c per
box; Hothouse Cucumbers, $2 50 per dozen;
Summer Squash, $1 50^2 per box; Garlic, 4c
perlb; Marrowfat Squash, $ 12-5 20 per ton;
Mushrooms, 7V4@15c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry continues to drag, the demand be
ing very light at the moment. Receipts of
Dressed Turkeys are running very small, those
yesterday being only eight cases. The de
mand for them Is limited. Hens and young
Poultry are particularly x dull and weak.
Two cars of Eastern came in. making five
for the week, and sales were made at $5 for
Hens, J4 B0 for old Roosters, $7 50 • for young
Roosters, $4 50 for Fryers, J3@4 for Broilers,
$1 25 for Pigeons, $2 50 for Squabs. S4 50 for
old Ducks. $7 for young Ducks and 10@12*4c
for live Turkeys.
Game is showing little change this week,
the market being fairly steady.. Receipts were
85 sacks.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll@12c for Gob
blers and ll@12Hc for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
13@15c; Geese, per pair, $1 75@2; Goslings, $1 73
02; Ducks. $4@5 for old and J5@6 for. young;
Hens, $3 50#5; Young Roosters, $4 50@5; Old
Roosters. W C0@4; Fryers, $4 60@5; Broilera,
$404 50 for large and $3@3 50 for small;
Pigeons, $1@1 25 per dozen for old, and $2 25
@2 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. SI 25@1 37H for Valley and
$2 23 for Mountain: Mallard, $3@4; Canvasback,
$3@3 50; Sprig. J3®3 SO; Teal, J3: Widgeon.
fl 75@2: Small Duck. II 25@1 50; Black Jack.
$1 50; Gray Geese. $3®3 50: White Geese. $1®
1 50; Brant. $1 50 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers. J3®4 50; English Snipe, $1 75®2; Jack
Snipe. $1230160; Hare, tt 25; Rabbits, $1 50
for Cottontail and : Jl for Brush; Doves, 75c
per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter remains as before quoted, and the
market continues to drag with abundant sup
plies. '
Choice Cheese is lower.
i Errs are off again, with a weak market. At
, the same time there Is no accumulation of
i stock, as the demand is very fair, ""k
Receipts as reported by the Dajry Exchange
were 30,200 pounds Butter, 463 cases California
EgJ?s, cases Eastern Eggs, 15.002 pounds'
California Cheese and pounds Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Extras, 20o; firsts, 18c; seconds.
17c.
Dairy— Extras, 17c; firsts, 15c: seconds, 14c;
store, 12c.
Storage — Creamery extras,- 19c; firsts, 17c:
seconds, ; dairy extras, .
Pickle— 17c per- lb.
Keg-18c per lb.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 12c; choice.
10c; common, nominal; Young Americaa,
12c; Eastern, full cream, 15@16>4c per U>.
EGGS—
California ranch— Selected white, 25c; mixed,
colors, 23c per dozen.
California gathered — Selected, 22c; standard,
20c; seconds, .
Fiesh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, ;
seconds, .
Storage — California fancy. ; standard. ;
Eastern fancy. 20c; standard. ; seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The glut in Bananas continues, and Pine
apples are., also plentiful and weak.
Stocks of Oranges are ample for all needs,
but the market Is steady. Lemons continue
weak and quiet. Limes have not changed for
some time.
There are no more Jersey Cranberries In the
market.
DECIDUOUS "FRUITS—
APPLES— 35@65c per box for common and 75c
@fl E0 for good to choice; Spttzenbergs, $1 25©
1 75; Oregon Spltzenbergs. $1 25@1 50.
PEARS — 50c<ff $1 per box.
CRANBERRIES- Wlsconslns. |13 SO; Cape
Cod, (14 per barrel.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $l@2;
Seedlings. 50ci@$l 25; Tangerines, nominal: Man
darins, S5c«r$l; Lemons, 25c© Jl 25 for common
and SI 5O<5'2 i"0 for good to choice; Grape Fruit.
DOcSIJl 50: Mexican Limes, ?l 50@5; California
Limes, 23@3.">c; Bananas, 50c@$l 50 per bunch; I
Pineapples. 7Sc<3?2 rer dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Supplies of all kinds continue light and the
market rules firm.
BEEF— 7tt@8V4c for Steers and 6©7tt per lb
for Cows.
VEAL,— Large. 8©9c; small. «®llc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9%@10c; Ewes. 9®9Hc
per pound.
LAMB-10@llc per lb: spring. 12H®13e per lb.
PORK— LJve Hogs. 6%©6c for small and 5%0
6c for medium and 5H@5\c for larpe; stock
Hogs and feeders, W&SVsc; dressed Hogs. 7%
©SVsC
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. JANUARY 17.
Flour, qr sks 8.0101 Wool, bales 25
Wheat, ctls 7,730i5?horts. sks ~ 13
Barley. •' ctls «.02O*> Pelts, bdls 223
Oats, ctls 1.795) Hides. No 201
Beans, sks MSliSugar, ctls 850
Corn, ctls 33: Leather, rolls.... 106
Rye, ctls 130 Wine, gals 112.500
Potatoes, sks 4,930) Brandy, gals 7,ono
Onions, sks 1SS Raisins, bxs 750
Bran, sks 440' Tallow, ctls 204
Middlings, sks... 765JL,lme, bbls 226
Hay, tons U9!Chteory. bbls : r : : ca
Straw, tons 5> Powder, car» 1
Hops, bales ., 18
Oats, ctls 1.000_ '
San Francisco Meat Market.
••Norway,"; 6Hc; "Narrow Gauge." 6^4c; "Sil
ver King." 7c: blocks, "Oriental," 5Hc; blocks,
"Seabrlffht." 6%c: tablets. 7c: middles. "Gold
en State." 6Hc: middles. "White Seal." 8%c:
6-lb boxes fancy Boneless, 9c: 2-lb boxes fancy
Boneless; 7c; Desiccated, per doren. 75c; Pickled
Cod, barrels, each. $7 50; Pickled" Cod. half
barrels, each. $4 60.
PACIFIC , CODFISH— The revised list con
tains several advances, as will be seen. Bun
dles, 4%c: cases, regular. S5: cases, extra, large.
$3 £5; cases." Eastern style, 15 SO; Bonaless, 6V*c:
rels, 6. We; boxes. 8.73c per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; JANUARY 18, 1901.
Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Lq
ost
This
Last
rATI(
OXS.
• 2i
*; Season. \
Seaso:
Sk
eka
29.SS |
| "3.44
iiu*r .
14. SJ
10.36
ll.€0
13.::
14. i3
c if
6.13
d<
n
•s
tfl
:ne"er.'<
-uSs <
ingele
lietto
xe ...
Oblsix
ea ....
4.41
20.89
7.S5
2.45
2.09
12.50
4.57
2.60
Lq
ost
This
Last
rATI(
OXS.
• 2i
*; Season. \
Seaso:
Sk
eka
29.SS |
| "3.44
iiu*r .
14. SJ
10.36
ll.€0
13.::
14. i3
c if
6.13
d<
n
•s
tfl
:ne"er.'<
-uSs <
ingele
lietto
xe ...
Oblsix
ea ....
4.41
20.89
7.S5
2.45
2.09
12.50
4.57
2.60
OCEAN TBAVZL.'
Pacific Coast Steamshio Co.
¦ Steamers R-ava Broadway
y^ wharf. San Francisco:
Kas^ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
»§S*|jS"*w Jan. 21. 2D. 31. Feb. 5. Chan«.»
RE*TjSJ|aj. to company's steamers at Se-
p*r* k4^\3Eni For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
t£ft&^*S3*M C), Port Townsend. SeattK
C ~'^jS%LfA l Tacoma. Evr'-tt, Anacortea.
and New 'Whatcom (Wash. ) —
11 a. m., Jan. 21, 26. 31. Feb.
5. and erery fifth day thereafter. Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. X. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoir.a to N. H.
Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
1 ' For Eureka. Humboldt "Bay— 2 p. m., Jan 19,
23. 28. Feb. 2. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port L03 Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Ro?a. Sundays, 9 a. m.
'For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Bast San Fe-lro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m.; steamer
Bonlta, Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Enaenada. Magrdalena Bay, San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paa. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month
For further Information obtain company' 9
folders. , -_ 9 . '
The company reserves th« rfgrht to chants
steamers, sailing dates and hours ot salllns
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). *u««ry
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market St.. San F*rancl«co.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
t DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
f> o :r, t i-, .a. 3sr d
From Soear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
FARF eL 2 / 1 " 1 ? 1 -?." deluding Berth
IHIIL $8 Second Class arjd Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails Jan. 13. 23. Fet>. 1
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Jan IS ii
Short Line to 'Walla Walla. Spokane Butte
Helena and all points In the Northwest'
Through tickets to all points East
E. C. WARD. General A*?nt.
KO Market st.
AMERICAN LINE.
ICEW YORK. 80UTHA3I7T01I. L0-TO3JT. PARI!
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wedne«d.ay, 10 a. m.
Vaderland Jan. 30i St. Louis Feb. 21
New York Feb. 6| New York Keb 27
Kensington Feb. 13j Vaderland March «
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp,
From New Tork Every "Wednesday. 12 noon.
Westernland ...Feb. «i FrVsland Feb. 27
Kensington ....Feb. IS Southwark ....March 1
Noordland Feb. 201 Westernland.. March 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CAMPAST
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Asc«nt Pacific Coaat.
20 Montgomery street.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan ?tr«»»?si. at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling «t
Kobe (HI050), Nagasaki and Fhansrhal. am!
connecting at Hon^konjr with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on beard on day
of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARC
Thursday, January it. 1001
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tu«sday. February 19, 1301
SS. AMERICA MARU i""ir-.-I".«^.
Friday. March 15, 1HC1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlc».
W. II.' AVERT. General Ac*nL
llPr«Illl 5* LlJ ZEAUMO iso SY0MY,
VUUmVO.-tf'VV' DIRECT LI!U TO TAHITI
SS ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)
™~ Friday. January IS. 2 p. m.
SS SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
'Zealand and Australia
.. Wednesday. January 23. at 9 p. us.
S3. "AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti..
.....Friday. February 8. 4 r>. m.
1 0. 5PREKEIS HRQS. CO., fiacera! Agents, 327 larht St
i Bm'l Pasaagw Cffla, 643 Mirtet St.. t'xsr Ha. 7. P3cfi: St
PANAMA R. R. S K
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Special Reduced Cabin Fare* $75.
S.S. ST. PAUL sails January 29.
S. S. ROANOXE sails February 19.
From ¦wharf, foot of Fremont »t., at J p. rn.
Freight and pass*nifer offlc«>. 33rt Market »t-
F. F. CONNOR. Paclfle Coaat Agent.
COMPASNIB GENERALS TBAJtfATLASTIQUl.
DIRECT LIKE TO HAVT.E-PARI9.
SalllnR every Thursday. in«t-n>t of *£SjSJL»
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from IMer 41^~* =s **
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. $53 and upward. Second class V>
Havre. »*3 and upward. OKNKRAL. AOENCT
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32
Uroadway (Hudson buIkllnK). New York. J
F FUOAZI.& CO.. PaclfloCoast Agent* 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
aold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
"n^cFirrHAYf^
Stca—"- """••tier 11 " '
MON Tues. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. al 9:43
n. m. 3:15 8:20 p. m- (e*- Thurs. nteht): Fri-
days 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:CO a. m.. 3
P m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier Xo. 2. Telephone Main V-0i.
FARE..... 30c.FORMER ENGINEER OF THE
TRANSPORT SIAM, WHO
DIED IN ALAMEDA.
Hurt in a Runaway.
BERKELEY. Jan. 17.— James Reed of
1727 Addison street was thrown 1 from a
wagon during a ronaway this morning
and seriously hurt. He struck on h!a
head badly cutting and bruising his scalp.
He was unconscious for several hours.
The wagon was demolished.
Libels in admiralty were filed yesterday
in the United States District Court as fol
lows: C. A. Hooper & Co., agents of the
steamer Brunswick, vs. O. J. Humphrey,
superintendent of the. Pacific Steam
Whaling Company, to recover $6872 73 bal
ance due on a charter-party from Cape
Nome to Seattle and back.
La Connar Trading and Transportation
Company vs. British ship Invermark for
$5000 damages alleged to have been In
flicted on the bark Theobald in a collision
on the bay, on January 3. There Is a suit
pending for $4000 damages against the
Theobald in the same matter:
Two Maritime Libels.
ESSEN*. Jan. 17.— An explosion in tha |
Koenig Ludwig mine at Reckllnghausen,
Westphalia, has caused the death of ten
persons. __^________
D1PHTKEBIA PEEVALENT
IN SAN BRUNO DISTRICT
Family of Timothy Callahan At
tacked and Two Daughters
Succumb.
Dread diphtheria has become almost an
epidemic In that section of the city near
the San Bruno road. The family of Timo
thy Callahan was attacked by the disease
and two daughters succumbed. The first,
a young woman 2) yearB of age, died two
weeks ago, and yesterday Esther, a young
girl of 1a years, passed away. Other mem
bers of the family were also sick but re
covered. The father at present occupies
a cot In a ward in the City and County
Hospital suffering from the disease which
carried oft* his children. -jgftlBy
Numerous other families In the neigh
borhood are sufferers from the malady.
The sanitary conditions of the district are
very poor, the prevalence of stagnant
water and decayed vegetable matter be
ing responsible for the spread of the dis
ease.
.' Adeline. Townsend asks for legal separa
tion from George W.. Townsend on the
ground of failure to provide.
Eliza C. Covell has filed suit for divorce
from C..L. Covell on; the ground of de
sertion. ¦ • >4B8MBKWMP*SI? ti %M!^BBB*ateaM^
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— Mm. Albert G.
Mitchell of Berkeley has secured a decree
of divorce: from her husband on the
ground of cruelty. Mrs.. Mitchell said in
court that she feared her husband would
take their: child away from . her. The
court awarded, the mother the custody of
the little girl, with $10 a month for its
support. J ,
Oakland Divorce Record.
Property of Eppingers Attached.
A deed was filed yesterday morning In
the Recorder's office In which Adelina
May Epplnger conveyed to Henry Brun
ner a piece of property on Clay street,
near Broderick. According to the Kvmna
stamps the property is valued at JlO.OftO.
but the consideration named in the deed
is only $10. It was executed on January
16 1901 and recorded at the request o£
Gordon & Young. In the afternoon two
writs of attachment were filed by Attor
ney Joseph Naphtaly on behalf of Liv
ingstone Bros, against Adeline Epplnger
and Peck Eppinger for WW 66 and tha
Baldwin Jewelry Company 'for J1497 50.
Mr and Mrs. Eppinger are said to have
saiied on the last steamer for China,
An unknown man, about 60 years old was
found at 3 o'clock yesterday morning
lying in a stupor on the sidewalk in front
of 224 Sixth' street 'by Police Patrolmen
J H. O'Connor and H. Heinz of the
Southern station. He had the ap
pearance of having fallen in an apoplectic
fit. They left him for a short time
while they went to summon an ambulance
and when they returned he was dead.
There was nothing on his person by
which he could be identified, but he was
of a religious turn of mind, as was evi
denced by a set of Roman Catholic rosary
beads found In his pocket.
The dead man was 5 feet 9 Inches tall,
with dark hair, whiskers and mustache,
sprinkled with gray. He was of dark
complexion, had brown. eyes and regular
nose and weighed 200 pounds. The cloth-
Ing consisted of a black slouch hat. dark
chinchilla overcoat, gray-brown striped
pants, black laced shoes and gray cotton
underwear. There was no vest.
and Passes Away.
Middle-Aged Man Falls in the Street
STRANGER'S SUDDEN DEATH.
years of age. He was a native of Ohio,
but came to California In pioneer days
and settled In Marysville, from which
place he came to Oakland. He leaves a
son and two dautjhtor?.
Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock from the
late residence.
That a multiplicity of suits may be
avoided an action in equity was filed yes
terday by Cyrus J. Clark, appointed re
ceiver of the Order of Chosen Friends by
the Indiana court, to secure a final set
tlement of the affairs of the order in this
State. Receiver Clark will act with At
torney Charles A. Lee, who was ap
pointed receiver of the funds of the order
in this State. About $10,000 is on deposit
in a local bank and 12200 is held by
Sheriff Lackmann, pending the settlement
of attachment proceedings.
The total membership of the order In
this State is estimated at 18,000. More
than $00,000 was on deposit to the order's
credit when payments to beneficiaries were
suspended some months ago. Of that
amount the greater part is due members
in this State and Indiana. Many claim
ants In this State put their claims in the
hands of Attorneys Culllnan & Hickey,
who have moved against the order for a
settlement, but all of these claimants
have now joined as defendants in the ac
tion instituted by Receiver Clark. Their
claims will hence be presented in this ac
tion for adjudication.
TWO BECEIVEKS CONTROL
ORDER CHOSEN FRIENDS
Indiana Man Files Action in Equity
to Prevent a Multiplicity of
'-^ 1 ;- Suits.
Philip McGoncgle of 710 Brannan street
died yesterday at the College of Physi
cians and 'Surgeons while under -the In
fluence of an anaesthetic. He applied at
the college to have his finger amputated,
saying he had Injured it while at work
as a longshoreman. He insisted upon the
administration of an anaesthetic, which
was given, and the unfortunate man died
upon receiving It.
Dr J. H. Healey, who administered the
chloroform, stated that he considered an
operation necessary, but objected to the
use of the anaesthetic, aa the man gave
evidence of having been on a spree.
McGonogle was about 60 years of age
and worked along the front. Hla body
was sent to the Morgue.
Anaesthetic Administered to Prepare
Patient for Operation Proves
Fatal. y*;
CBXOBOFOBM ENDS I*IFE
OF PHILIP McGONOGLE
"UNCXE SAM" COBNOB
JOINS THE MAJORITY
Death From Heart IMaease of a Spec
tacular Figure in Oakland Re
publican Politics!
OAKLAND. Jan. 17.— C. W. Cornor, one
nf' the old politicians of Alameda County
and long a picturesque figure in spectac
«iar Republican displays because of hla
resemblance to the typical pictures ot
"IJncle Sam," died this morning, at the
Fast Bay- Sanitarium from heart trouble.
C W Cornor always took a prominent
Dart In' Alameda County politics and he-d
several appointive, positions in the Mint
and under different municipal admtn.istra
iions. He took part in ' all parades and
Republican demonstrations dressed aa
"Uncle Sam" in blue coat and red, and
white striped trousers^ and came to be
known as "Uncle Sanr' by those who
knew him well. . ' •_
When death came he was more than 74
ALAMEDA, Jan. 17.— Bernard W.
McAnney, one of the oldest and
best known marine engineers on
the Pacific Coast, died this morn
ing at his residence, 2S4S Cen
tral avenue, after a lingering illness.
Until a few months ago Mr. Mc-
Anney enjoyed comparatively good health
and was pursuing his vocation as engineer
of the steamer Slam, formerly a Govern
ment transport. While the. steamer. was
loading coal at Ladysmlth, Puget Sound,
on July 13 last, he and the captain of the
ehip went to visit somo friends. As they
were walking along the railroad track a
freight train overtook them and struck
Mr. McAnney. The result of the accident
was that his right arm was so badly
broken that amputation was found neces
sary. After his return home he brooded
over the loss of his arm until he became
temporarily unbalanced. He came out of
this state very much weakened, and a
gradual decline set in.
Twenty-eight years ago Mr. McAnney
brought the steamer Tokio around the
Horn from the shipbuilder's in New York
for the Pacific Mall Company, and had
been almost continuously in its empldy.up
to "he time of his disablement. He had
hundreds of friends among the members
S" the coast marine service. He. was a
prominent member of the Marine En-
amative of Canada
J>* ev vpars^ of age. He leaves a wife to
mourn hlfloss. °fhe funeral will be held
Bernard W. McAnney Brought to Death Bed
by Brooding Over Loss of Arm.
WIDELY KNOWN MARINE ENGINEER
DIES AFTER LINGERING ILLNESS
Edgar Wilson, attorney for the Colum
bian Savings Bank, testified that Bennett
was possessed of real property at 77 Car
melita street valued at $5000, on which
the bank held a mortgage for $2700. Ben
nett, who is a photographer, in his own
behalf testified that he had never re
ceived the goods for which the Stuparicb
Company demanded payment.
The suit brought by Jacob S. Meyer to
recover $220 75 from Arthur J. G. Bennett
was on trial yesterday before a jury in
Presiding Justice of the Peace Long's
court. Bennett is she man who was ar
rested at the instance of Meyer on an
assigned claim of the Stuparich Manufac
turing Company just as he was departing
with his 'family for the Klondike on the
Steamer Costa Rica on January 8. His
trunks are now on the way to the land
of gold. The jury was impaneled in short
order, no objection being made by At
torney George Collins for the plaintiff and
J. A. Marsh for the defendant to the first
twelve names drawn by Clerk Dennis.
Embarking for the Klondike,
Is Defendant.
Arthur Bennett, Arrested as He Was
JUBY TRIAL BEFORE
JUSTICE OF PEACE
The Supervisors' Street Committee yes
terday recommended the indefinite post
ponement of the proposed ordinance re
ducing the width of sidewalks on Clement
street from nineteen to fifteen feet. The
Richmond Property Owners' Protective
Association filed a. strong protest against
the passage of the ordinance.
The committee notified the Federation
of Mission Improvement Clubs that the
Park Commissioners have powt: to Im
prove Bernal Park and may draw against
the fund of $2500 appropriated for the pur
pose to pay for the work.
The committee recommended the acqui
sition of land so that Duncan street may
be opened from San Jose avenue to Va
lencia street and Tiffany avenue at a cost
not to exceed $12,000. The Finance Com
mittee Is requested to set aside the sum
named in the next budget.
Action on the Maguire "2%-cent stand
ing fare" ordinance, which has been
peacefully slumbering In the committee's
archives since last April, was indefinitely
postponed.
petition of business firms and prop
erty owners for the repair of Webb street,
between California and Sacramento, was
referred to the Board of Public Works,
with a request that it be granted.
Recommendation Made Tnat Side
walks on Clement Street Be
main Present Width.
stueet committee
HOLDS A SESSION
Jordan established his brewery business
at Hvermore in 1S7-4. Ten years later he
enlarged his plant. He was a Town Trus
tee for several terms and was president
of the board for two years. He was a
member of Masonic Lodge No. 218 of
Livermore, Llvermore Lodge No. 210, I. O.
O. F. ; Livermore Circle No. 1070, Amer
ican Legion of Honor, and Livermore
Lodge No. 13. Sons of Hermann. The
funeral will be held Sunday at Masonic
Hall. Livermore, under the direction of
the Masonic lodge. The remains will be
taken to San Francisco for cremation.
born In Germany In 1S37. When he was
17 years old young Jordan came Jo the
United States and settled at Louisville,
Ky. During 1S60 he returned to Germany
to visit his parents, but came back to
America in IS65. For several years he en
gaged in mining in Idaho and was in busi
ness in Oregon.
LIVERMORE BREWER EITHER THROUGH ACCIDENT OR BECAUSE
OF AN ATTACK OF VERTIGO PLUNGES TO A HORRIBLE DEATH
IN AN IMMENSE VAT OF BOILING MALT. \. . '
The accident was peculiarly distressing
from the fact that Mrs. Jordan and a
daughter, Miss Ada Jordan, about IS years
of age, were in the residence above the
brewery when the horrible death of the
husband and father occurred. The mother
and girl were busy with their household
duties and had not the slightest suspicion
of the tragic occurrence until friends had
been summoned to break the news. The
family Is prostrated.
The deceased brewer occupied a leading
place In Llvermore's affairs. He was
The body was taken In charge by the
Coroner's officials and an inquest will be
held to-morrow.
, dan and he was dead. I do not know
how he fell. It Is possible he lost his
footing on the steps or was overcome by
the hot steam arising from the boiling
malt. " He had been cleaning some barrels
in the loft before the accident occurred."
OAKLAND. Jan. 17.-Wendell Jor
dan, prominent brewer of Liver
more, -was literally cooked to
death this morning In a vat of
boiling malt at his brewery. Jor
dan was standing at the top of a,stairway
working when he either slipped or was
seized with vertigo and plunged head first
Into the open vat, which was filled with
Bteaming malt In the first process of
brewing. Carl Grunitz. a workman, heard
a scream and ran to the vat opening, only
to soe his employer's body writhing in the
superheated mass of half-liquefled malt.
Grunitz yelled for assistance, and Thomas
Knox and John Thompson, who were
working outside the brewery, responded.
The body could not te reached by the
men. so they opened the faucets and ran
off the malt as quickly as possible. Then
the scalded form was dragged out. There
was one gasp from the unfortunate brew
er, and then -leath.
The accident > occurred about 10:30
o'clock. Jordan had been working, as
usual, preparing a new brew of beer. The
vat had been filled with malt and the fur
nace started several hours before. The
receptacle ts a tank about five feet deep
and from ten to twelve feet square, open
at the top. Here the malt is first treated.
Against the vat ran a flight of steps to
enable the brewer to watch the mass from
the top of the tank, as well as to reach
another part of the brewery. Grunitz
had been busy below tending the furnace,
but stepped out to get a drink of water.
"I saw Mr. Jordan standing on the steps
as I went out," said Grunitz. "As I came
back I heard a frightful scream, and I
rushed up to the vat, realizing that some*
awful accident had occurred. The malt
was boiling and steaming, and I could not
reach the body. Then I ran out to the
street, shouting for assistance. Tom
Knox and Johnson were working on a
sidewalk near by and they ran over.
"We had to drain "the *vat before we
could get at the body. As It reached the
air there was a feeble gasrt from Mr. Jor-
trar Clerk Zemansky's Rating
From First to Second.
The Civil Service Commissioners have
Issued the eligible lists for positions in the
department of electricity as follows:
Linemen— Francis E. Haskell. 97.8; Jeremiah
C. Counlhan, V2.8; Bennie Brown, 88; Thomas
Douglas. S4; James T. 82.4; Fred F.
Dunne. 81.6: Michael J. Sullivan. 77.2.
Operators— William L.. Goodwin. 9S.6: Charles
M Allen. 05.1; William A. Case. 94; Frank
Bishop, 90.7; Joseph H. Blakeley. 89.63; Wil
liam J. Nixon, 87.55; Jeremiah L. Murphy, 85.65.
Instrument makers— Oustave H. Dworzek.
99.6; Harry R. Brown. 82.8; Frank li. Elck
hoff, 76.2; Anton Gloak. 75.2. • „,„„
Repairers— Arthur Kempston, 94:6; \Mlllarn
G. Pennycook. 85.2; David T. Griffith. 84.8;
James C. Kelly. 78.4; Frank A. Bledermann.
71.4; Joseph B. Leonard. 75.2.
For assistant plumbing Inspectors un
der the Board of Health the following
named were declared eligible:
William H. Tobln. 100: William D. Hobro Jr..
9S 8; IVter Mulligan. S3; Harry R. Murphy.
SO. 2; Thomas A. Casrerly. 83.6; Samuel N.
Grubb, 73.2.
The fact that there were six misspelled
words in J. H. Zemansky's examination
papers has resulted in the changing by
the commission of ni3 rating on the
eligible list from first to second. Cameron
II Kins: is now number one on the list.
Both men are employed In the Registrar's
office. The commission ascribes its neg
lect in taking cognizance of the incorrect
ly spelled words ¦¦ to the fact tnat in most
examinations spelling counted only In let
ter writing:, while In the one tor Regis
trar^ clerks all the spelling was to be
considered.
Six Misspelled Words Change Regis-
MORE CIVIL SERVICE
"<•?/.- ELIGIBI^ES AUTtfOTTNCED
EOMANCE WILL END
IN DOUBLE VTEHDING
Father and Son to Marry Mother and
Daughter in a Washington
Town.
SEATTLE. Jan. 17.— A romance that had
It* beginning in the "nve of a poor youn^
man for a rich banker's <3aii*rfct«"r of Buf
falo, N. Y., wUl end happily, after many
vicissitudes, at Puya^iup, Wash., in a
doable weddinc
Ethel Roberts, dauzhter of a BuftaJa
(N. Y.) banker, MI in Inve with John C.
Douglas, a your.g mar. without means, a
number of years apo. Her parents would
not allow her to give her hand and heart,
but persuaded her to marry G. C Fuller
ton, a man much older than .ierself, but
very wealthy. H^r >ujntr lover, heart
broken, started for ihe \V«>«t and event
ually settled in Montana, where he mar
ried. It was another case of marrying
but at the same time remembering: tho
first love. His wife <ikd at the LIrth ot
their son. Ae the chiM crew to manhood
he became his father's constant compan
ion.
Meanwhile fate had not been kind to
KuIJerton or his father-in-law. Roberts.
They l*ecame bankrupt* and Pullerton,
completely unnerved, took his own life,
leaving his widow an ir.romr of $75 a
month. She had a daughter. Mother aril
daughter moved to PuyaHup, Wash.
By a Ftrar.ee combination of circum
stances Douglas and his son. Benjamin,
went to Puyallup. The elder Dou£ia« was
overjoyed to find hit, former sweetheart
unmarried and renewed his suit, which
was accepted. Benjamin fell in love with
lhe daughter of his father's first love and
wag not behindhand m securing her prom
ise to marry him.
But there was still an obstacle to the
double w<-ddir.g. The Douglases desired
mor* of this world'B goods and while thtv
were studying over this problem the
steamer Portland arrived at Seattle with
ptories of riches to be made in the Klon
dike. Father and son lelt at the first op
portunity for the frozen north, but lost
everything they had in the Chiikoot Pas.?
disaster. Xothing daunted they Kept en
nr.d finally reached Dawbon. At first they
had a hard time of it. but finally struck
a "lay" on El Dorado which proved rich.
On their return to Skajruay recently they
showed bills and drafts representing a
moderate fortune. They are now on their
way to Puyallup, where a double wedding
will take place.
SUES HEE MOTHER-IN-LAW
Mrs. Thnma Gribner Alleges Many
Acts of Cruelty.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 17.— A mother-in-law's
cruelty is the basis of a $20,000 damaee
puit now being tried in the Superior Court
before Judge Hyland. The plaintiff is
Mrs. Emma "Gribner and the defendant
Is Mrs. Philomena Gribner. the widow of
a pioneer resident of this county. As a
side issue to the cruelty of her husband's
mother Emma Gribner recently obtained
a divorce from George T. Gribner on the
ground of cruelty.
The action for damages grows out of
the troubles of the Gribner families. Mrs.
j.mma Gribner. the plaintiff, was the eec
ond wife of George Gribner, who had
two small sons. On the witness .stand sh •
stated that within a few weeks after her
marriage her mother-in-law took a great
dislike to her and made home life un
bearable. She applied vile epithets to her
and In other ways humiliated her. Once
when rhe wae going to take her lit
tle etepeons out for a ride the defendant
objected. The mother-in-law struck her
and called her vile names. Mrs. Gribner,
the defendant, then ran into* a barn where
« "hoipun nap kept and the children told
their stepmother to run or ehe would be
killed. This treatment caused her a ner
vouk t>hock and she was compelled to take
to her bed. Since then ehe has suffered
prf-atly from ill health, which. It Is claim
ed, Is a direct result of the mother
in-law's treatment. Pecause of this Em
ma Oribnpr dVmands J20.000.
Mrs. Philomena Gribner was on the
Hand this afternoon. She denied th*
statements of her former daughter-ln
3 aw.
MAY CONSOLIDATE
LIGHTING COMPANIES
Eastern Capitalists Submit a Propo
sition to San Jose Cor
porations.
PA.» JOSE. Jan. 17.— A big deal ts on in
this city looking to the consolidation of
the two electric lighting companies and
the two lines of electric street railways.
Two million dollars Is to be supplied by
Eastern capitalists, It Is paid, who are
represented by R. G. Hanford of San
Francisco. According to the plans, as
far as can b« learned, the promoters of
the scheme propose to merge the lines all
Into one corporation and procure power
from the Blue Lakes Company.
Har.ford'* efforts have been devoted to
securing the stock of the Light and
Power Company. C. W. Qullty. the presi
dent cf this company, has issued a cir
cular letter to the stockholders approving
of Hanforfl's proposition, which is an op
tion on the etock for Bixty days at $40 per
share. The capital stock of the corpora
tion Is Jl.000,000. «O If Hanford's plans
carry $«0,000 will be paid for the stock.
It is understood Hanford has made the
Fame proposition to the Electric Improve
ment Company, which Is capitalized at
$1,000,000. The stock Is held In few hands
and the directors discourage the plan.
Iowa About to Sail.
6 AN DIEGO. Jan. 17.— A telegram from
Admiral Kaut* at Acapulco says that the
Iowa Is about to sail north and tha-t she
will probably arrive at San Diego next
rhuriflay.
Bishop of Yucatan HI.
CITY OF MEXICO. Mex., Jan. 17.— The
Bishop of Yucatan lies gravely 111 of yel
low fever at Merlda. He was but recent
ly consecrated.
Ten Men Killed in a Mine.
Sound.
NEWPORT, R. I.. Jan. 17.— The torpedo
boat Bailey to-day finished the runs
to enable the Inspection. board
to plot her speed on the standardized
screw plan and she made thirty knots
on her speed trial. Later ehe left for
New London, where she wilj prepare for
a run Saturday in Long Island Sound
where she must maintain for two hours
a speed of thirty knots to meet the con
tract requirements.
TORPEDO-BOAT BAILEY
MAKES THIRTY KNOTS
Next Saturday the Official Trial Will
Take Place on Long Island
Man Said to Be an American Shoots
Two of his Fellow
Travelers.
LONDON, Jan. 17.— A sensational mur
der was committed this afternoon on a
train of the London and Southwestern
Railroad. The murderer, who Is said in
pome quarters to be an American, entered
the car occupied by Mrs. King of South
ampton and W. Pearson of Winchester,
at East Leigh. When passing Surblton
the man drew a revolver, killed Pearson
and wounded Mrs. King In the cheek. He
then rifled the pockets of Pearson. The
murderer jumped out of the train at
Vauxhall, but was pursued and captured.
The police thus far decline to give the
man's name.
SENSATIONAL MURDER
ON IX)NDON TRAIN
Premier Edmund Barton Begins His
Federal Election Campaign
at Maitland.
STDNET, N. S. W.. Jan. 17.— Edmund
Barton. Premier of the Australian Com
monwealth, began the federal election
campaign at Maitland this evening with
an address before a public meeting at
which several of the Ministers were pres
ent. His speech disclosed the policy of
the federal Ministry. The federal elec
tions, Mr. Barton said, would be held at
the earliest possible date and a decision
taken regarding the new federal capital.
In his opinion. Parliament could not be
successfully carried on either at Mel
bourne or Sydney, as Its deliberations
ought to be removed from surrounding
provincial Influences.
FAVORS REMOVAL OF
AUSTRALIA'S CAPITAL
Health in transferring' lepers from the
island of Maul to the detention camp in
Honolulu. Previous to committing lepers
to the Island of Molokai the Government
has th*>m kept for several weeks under
reservation at the special station her-,
lepers and suspected cases from every
other island first being sent to this Island.
The agent did not find the ambulance
waiting for him at the boat landing last
night when the vessel arrived, so he hired
two hacks and transferred the lepers ?n
them. The hacks subsequently were per
mitted to resume their offices of public
carriers. It is claimed that if leprosy is
contagious this conduct mav result In the
disease spreading about the city;
GROSS CARELESSNESS IN
TRANSFERRING IiEPERS
Official Uses a Hack and Fails to
Disinfect It Before Releasing
It.
HONOLULU, Jan. 10.— Considerable ex
citement has been caused by the caro
lcssnpss of an atrent of the Board of
Parties.
LEAVEN'R'ORTH, Kans., Jan. 17.—
"George Alexander came to his death by
having been burned by a party or parties
unknown." was the substance of averdict
rendered to-day by the Coroner's jury that
sat on the case of the negro lynchers
Tuesday afternoon. In Instructing the
jury Coroner Koohler told them to brine
in a verdict from what they had learned
personally of the affair. He declared he
had himself been unable to gather any
information that could be used. "No one
ould be found who would swear to any
thlng," said he. The vigilance committee
organized last Sunday has since the lynch
ing thrown every obstacle possible In the
way of the city and county officials gain
injr information.
There is a possibility that other negros
in jail or resting under suspicion of hav
ing insulted women will be attacked be
fore quiet finally prevails here.
to Death by Unknown
I>eclares That Alexander Was Burned
JURY RETURNS VERDICT
IN NEGRO LYNCHING CASE
" 'Get the best possible,' Governor
Roosevelt said, 'when the perfect best is
not obtainable." I am Quite ready to wel
come new proposals as the best possible
now and as a climb, and a good, steep
climb, by comparison with the existing
condition of things. . : «
"The features of the proposed legisla
tion which seem to be most valuable aro
the requirements for a bona fide, perma
nent residence in effect and in intention
in the State where the suit is brought:
the limitation of grounds of divorce to
the law of the State in which the case
arose; the requirement of hearing before
the court in open session, and the restric
tion in regard to the personal service of
process upon the defendant.
"Such legislation generally adopted
would make our courts cease to be
'schools for scandal* and would tend
largely to remove from America the evil
repute which has come upon her for loose
methods of dealing with this matter of
paramount importance to society and hu
manity. More than this, using the word
scandal In its original sense, It would take
away from many erring and misguided
feet 'a stumbling block and occasion to
fall.' "
"I learned long ago that to wait for per
fection, to be content with nothing but
just what suits one's own individual con
victions. Is to sit on the bank until the
stream runs dry.
"Quite apart from my Intense convic
tions as a Christian man and a clergy
man, that the bond of matrimony can
only be dissolved by death and that adul
tery and nothing else may be recognized
from the scriptural point of view as a
cause for the legal dissolution of mar
riage, I have the deepest feeling as a man.
on purely human and social and civil and
legal grounds, that the old English law
is sound, which provided for separation
from bed and board, with no right of re
marriage, and knew no other meaning of
the word 'divorce.' • •
ALBANY, N. T.. Jan. 17.— Discussing the
subject of divorce before the New York
State Bar Association. William C. Doane,
Protestant Episcopal Bishop of Albany,
eaid: "It will not seem ungenerous if. in
justice to a somewhat public and very
pronounced position on this whole sub
ject. I guard at the outset my warm ap
proval of the proposed act to establish a
uniform law 'relative to divorce procedure
and divorce from the bonds,' or, as I
should say, from the bond of marriage.
Before the Legislature.
the Proposed Amendments
Before the New York State Bar Asso
ciation the 'Clergyman Discusses
on Divorce.
Strong Words of Bishop
Doane Relative to Laws
DEATH ALONE CAN
BREAK THE BOND
George Abernathy. a young man who Is
well known to the police, was arrested
last evening by Detectives Wren and Dl
nan and booked en route to Sacramento.
He Is charged with the theft of a gold
watch valued at $300. belonging to P. J.
Van Loben Sel3. Consul of the Nether
lands in this city. Mr. Van Loben Sels
owns a valuable ranch on the Sacramento
River A few weeks ago he was going
there from San Francisco by boat and
was In his stateroom asleep when a thief
reached his hand through the window and
extracted the watch. • ¦¦ ¦'¦'¦¦
Abernathy some time ago snatcnea a
purse containing a small sum of money
from a woman who was walking along
Grant avenue. He was caught after an
exciting chase and charged with grand
larceny. On account of his youth he was
allowed to plead guilty to petty larceny
and was sentenced to six months impris
onment In the County Jail. He was re
leased only a short time ago.
YOUNG CROOK AGAIN
LANDED IN" PRISON
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— The Holland So
ciety held its sixteenth annual dinner at
the Waldrof-Astorla to-night. Rev.- Dr.
Henry Van Dyke, president of the society,
presided. On his right sat ex-President
Grover Cleveland. Covers were laid for
300 and al lthe places were taken.
The speakers were Grover Cleveland,
Dr. Andrew H. Smith and ex-Postmaster
Charles W. Dayton.
Mrj Cleveland said: a
"I am quite willing to take any Humbla
place among the sermonizers In this time
of headlong national heedlesaness, and to
invoke the cultivation of the saving grace
of Dutch conservatism. This is the kind
of conservatism thijt count3 the cost, but
for the sake of principle and freedom will
disregard the cost; that lays out a voyage
by chart and compass and follows chart
and compass to tha end; that loves tho
liberty and national h&pplneea which res:
upon tried and suru foundation*; that
teaches reverence for national traditions
and encourages the people's satisfaction
with their country's mission. It Is the
kind of conservatism In which our consti
tution had its birth and which has thua
far been the source of our nation's safety
and strength— the conservatism of justice,
of honor, of honesty, of industry, of
frugality and of contented home*.
"in this assemblage ot muse who know
so well the meaning of these things the
question is suggested whether In present
conditions this conservatism character
ized the conduct or guides the sentiment
of our people. There can be but one an
swer to this question. Conservatism has
in a great degree been Jauntily cast aside,
or condemned as opposed to our coun
try's welfare and glorv A strange voy
age has been entered upon without count
of cost, and without chart or compass.
The tried and sure foundations of our
liberty and national happlne&s have been
discredited. Reverence for our national
traditions has been relaxed and satisfac
tion with our country's mission has been
undermined. The restraints and limita
tions of our constitution have become
galling and irksome under the tempta
tions of natural greed and aggrandize
ment. Our love of peace, honor and Jus
tice has been weakened.
"War. even with the world's advanced
civilization, may still be sometimes nec
essary and justifiable: but whether neces
sary and justifiable or not, the demoral
ization that follows in Its train can never
be evaded. It teaches bloody Instructions
which in a country whose citizens do the
fighting cannot fall to leave their impress.
for a time at least, upon public and pri
vate life. In time of peace.
••Thirty years after the close of the war
for the preservation of the Union a treaty
of arbitration was formulated between
the United States and Great Britain
which, if completed, would have gone far
toward removing every pretext of war be
tween the two countries. Thus these two
great English speaking nations then as
sumed leadership In the path of peace and
in advocacy of the abolition of war, with
the hope and expectation that the exam
ple would be followed by other nations
and that a more general adoption of arbi
tration as a means of settling interna
tional disputes would result in a great
advance toward the abandonment of war
throughout the world. This treaty failed
of confirmation in the Senate of the
United States. Less than five years have
passed and these English speaking cham
pions of peace and arbitration are still
operating on parallel lines— one In the
Philippines and the other In South Af
rica—but no longer for peace and arbitra
tion Both are killing natives in an effort
to possess their lands. This indicates a
sad relapse, and in our case it is a most
serious one. If England succeeds In her
attempt in South Africa she will but ado
another to her list of similar acquisitions:
a brave people will be subjugated, and
because of our engagement of a similar
adventure in another quarter they will
miss the expressions of American sympa
thy which we are accustomed to extend
to those who struggle t for national life
and Independence. On the other hand,
with success in our subjugation effort a
new untried and exceedingly perilous slt
i uation will be forced upon us. We can
; conquer the Philippines, and alter con
quering them can probably govern them.
i It is in the strain upon our institutions.
! the demoralization of our people, the eva
! slon of our constitutional limitations and
r r the perversion of our national mission
I that our danger lies. As a distinguished
: Bishop has said: 'The question is not what
j we shall do with the Philippines, but what
the Philippines will do to us.*
! "Our country will never be the same
1 again. For weal or woe we have already
I irrevocably passed beyond the old lines.
'• "The republic will in some sort be saved.
1 Shall It be only In name and semblance.
i with fair external appearance but with
! the germs of decay fastened upon its
I vitals, or shall it. though changed, still
1 survive in such vigor and strength as to
I remain the hope and pride of free Amer
icans?
••The problem Is a momentous one. Its
! solution depends upon the extent to which
| the old patriotism and good sense of our
countrymen can be re?cued from lmper.d
! ing danger'. Thus these are sober days
! for thoughtful citizens — days for preach
; ing— days for sermonizing. If we are to
| be saved from disasttr it must be through
! the cultivation and enforcement of that
; sort of conservatism that should find a
• congenial home In the Holland Society.
| In the midst of reckless tumult and in
t the confusad rage of national greed and
! bloodiness this conservatism should de
| fiantly stand forth and demand a near
er Vandyke read a message which will
be sent to Queen "Wilhelmina of Holland
i as an address from the society on tha
j occasion of her approaching marriage.
At the conclusion of its reading a health
to the Queen was drunk standing.
Regrets That the Restraints and
Limitation of the Constitution
Have Become Galling and
Irksome.
Says Reverence for National
Traditions Has Been
Cast Aside.
CLEVELAND WOULD
BE CONSERVATIVE
Murray Hall, proprietor of an Intelli
gence office at 115 Sixth avenue, has been
a well known character in Sixth avenue
below Twenty-third street for more than
thirty years. Hall has furnished bail
bonds in Jefferson Market Police Court
during the last twenty years which
amount to (89,000. Two wives had borne
the name of Hall, and to-day an adopted
daughter. Minnie, a pretty young woman
a.bout 23 years old, is almost the sole
mourner. So well had Hall's secret been
kept that the tenants In 145 Slxtn avenue
had • no suspicion, and it was not until
d*-ath came to Hall at half past U o'clock
Monday night that the true state of
afliairs became known. The physician
was perplexed about the filling out of the
death certirtcatfc. whether it should be
male or female, and sought the counsel of
Coroner Hart, a personal friend.
Hall was a well known tijrure in lower
Sixth avenue. She was much below th(=
mertiutn height. Her face was beardless,
filmota weazened, and there was no be
trayal of her true sex in her voice. Hall
was always considered a "hale feilow
well met." She neither smokc'l n<^r
chewed, but was well known in saloons.
although it was not freouent that Hall
would associate with companions in front
of the bar. Hall preferred a little Kick
room, and since the death of Mrs. Hall
two years apo the drinkinjr companions of
the so-called husband were for the most
part women with whom Hall became
acquainted in the office.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— It has required
death to reveal the fact that a person
who was a mt' in her of Senator Bernard
F". Martin's Iroquola Club and a voter
in the city for more than thirty years, a
successful person of business in Lower
Sixth avenue and the respected husband
of two women, was a woman. Her daily
associates for more than twenty-five
years were astounded last night when
they learned the facts, and refused to
believe them.
Special Dispatch to The CaJl
to a "Ward Political Club and
Voted for Thirty
Years.
Remarkable Deception of a
Strange Character in
New York City.
?
Married Twice to Women, Belonged
LIVED AS A MAN
DIES AS A WOMAN
Terrorized Northern Indiana for
Weeks, but Is Finally Cap
tured by a Sheriff's
Posse,
LOGANSPORT, Ind.. -Jan. 17.— Marvin
Kuhns. the desperado, who has terrorized
Northern Indiana for weeks and defied the
officers of twu States, was captured last
night at Green Hill and is now in Logans-
K Kuhns and his brother, who was re
leased from the Columbus prison shortly
after Marvin escaped, were taken after a
desperate light. Before the outlaw was
overpowered he shot two men and was
himself shot in the head, but not se
"Kuhns assisted by his brother and a
confedtnite. stole a team at Plymouth
Sunday night and started southward. Ex-
Sheriff Marshal and Marshal Cheney
traced tht'm to Lafayette last evening and
bv telephoning neighboring towns located
the men at Green Hill, near Otterbeln. At
Otterbefn the poese surrounded the house
! and rushed in at midnight. Marvin was
awake and seized a revolver at his bed
tide. Before he could fire Elmer Switzer
shot him in the face and the posse closed
in. One man Jumped from the second
story window and escaped, but the
brothers were overpowered after a strug
gle, in which a number of shots were ex
changed. Wounded as he was, Marvin
partially shook off the attacking party
and shot H. Volt in the back and Lewis
Hawkins in the arm. Neither was fatally
injured.
Though Wounded, Marvin
Kuhns Shoots Two of
His Captors.
DESPERADO TAKEN
AFTER A FIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 18, 1901.
TIT j li T t tm - m rn « n , '•* tt t tv ,
Wendell Jordan Plunges rrom I op of Stairway Head First
Into Seething Caldron Beneath.
BREWER IS SCALDED TO DEATH
IN A VAT OF BOILING MALT
11
To Prevent the Grip . . ,
Laxative Bromo-Quinine removes the cause. •THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, JANUARY 18, 1901.
12
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
fCCHIXESS OFFICE cf The 6aa Francisco J
Ct.:i. corner of Market and Third streets; opea »
cntil 12 o'clock every night in the year. j
BRAJCCII OFFICES — 6T7 Montgomery etreet.
corner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m. j
£00 Hayes etreet; open until t:20 p. m.
CS3 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
*15 Larkln etreet; open until »:80 p. m. J
J?41 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m,
£5Cl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open j
txv.x'A S p. xc.
3T Eleventh etreet; open until t p. m. j
1CS6 Valencia street; open until f p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second- and Ken- J
tiicKy ttretts: cpen until S p. an.
SHOUTING NOTICES.
ijORIc' LodsT^^iri^lna ~aT M.- • ;
tiptcial meeting THIS i.FKIDaY) _J\_, I
KVEXBSG. at 7:30 o'clock. First l>e- j£ j»C .
gree. Masons are Invited. 13>~ order of /^r ' 5
me Master. J. It. GOLDSMITH, iSec
APOLLO l/ji!ge No. 1T3. I. O. O. <*a^te-_ -
F.— Initiation Tins «FKI1>AV > j£5«'*-~5s3i <
NIGHT, January 2S. b oVlfck.
Men-.trf-m and visitors cordially in- '•*¦¦*¦
vited to be present.
CHAS. E. PERRY. N. G.
W. F. fCORCROSa. K«. Sec.
YEF.BA Buena~Loc;ge~ No. 15, I. O. | J
O. F.— Of Seers ami members: You :^/_i3vSS: '
ere requested to assemble at the " = sS5«««k5?
undprtiikiiig parlors, j^n Clay St., '"v/inv
OakSand. SATURDAY, Jan. IS, at 2 p. m.. to •
attend the funeral of our late Brother C. W. '
CORXOK JOHN A. OHLSOX, X. G.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledonian v .y.
Club THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock. *L &OJ
Bcctti-h Hall. U7 Larkin Bt. "tiNXi*
A©M. MACPHEHSOX, Chief. ""N-T*
JAS. H. DL'XCAX. Secretary.
NOTICE of stockholders' meeting — Notice Is i
hereby siven that a special meeting of the
stockholders of the Stanley Aerial Xaviga-
tion Co. will be held at the offlce of. the com-
pany. 7C2 Market et., San Francisco. Cal.. ;
tt 12:30 p. in. on TUESDAY, the 2&th day '
of January, 1901. for the purpose of remov-
ing MR. CRESS UNGER frcm the board of ! ;
6:reetori of, this company, and for the tran- j ,
tHcticr. of such other business as may come | ,
before the meeting. Dated January IS, A. D. I !
S301. CHARLES STANLEY. President. :
ANNUAL meeting— Regular annual meeting of !-
the stockholders of the Honolulu Plantation I
Company will be held at the office of th« ! ¦
company. 157 Market St., San Francisco. Cal.. '
cn MONDAY, the 2Sth day of January. 1S01.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur- I
pose of electing a Board o£ Director* to .-erve j 1
!or the ensuing year and the transaction of j ;
meeting. Transfer bocks will close on Thurs-
day. January IT. lSOl, at 3 o'clock p. m. >
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' Meeting— The annual meet-
Ir.e of the stockholders of the Union Iron
"VVrrks will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 222 Market et.. San Francisco, on Tues- .
day, January- 22. ISOL at 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a Board of Director*
transaction of euch other business as zncy
come before the meeting.
J. OB. GUXN. Secretary.
Office £22 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal.
January 10. 1SC1.
7O the stockholders and members of the C. F.
Kapp Company, a corporation: Notice is
hereby given that a general meeting cf th»
stockholders and members of the C. K. Kapp
Company, a corporation, will be held at lta
office and place of business. No. 1200 Market
ft., in the city and county of San Francisco,
Ftate cf California, cn SATURDAY, the 26th '
day of January. 1501. at the hour of 12
o'clock m.. the abject of eald meeting being
the removal from offlce cf the following
named directors cf eald coloration, to wit:
C. II. Koehncke, Bertha Koehncke. Carl W.
Mueller end Alfred Fuhrman. and that at
»u :h meeting It Is the Intention of the under-
signed to propose the removal of each of said
directors, and also at eald meeting the repeal,
amendment and adoption cf new by-laws will
be ccr-Eldered. CHAS. F. KAPP.
President C. F. Kapp Company. 1
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet- .
lr.g cf the stockholders of the Oceanic Steam-
ship Company will be held at the office of
the comcanr. 217 Mtrket St.. San Francisco.
California, cn MONDAY, January 21. 1901. at j
the hour of II o'clock a. m.. for the pur- j
pose of electing a Board of Directors to serve
fcr the ensuing year, end the transaction of
such other business as may come before tb«
n-.eetinjr. Transfer books will close on Thur«-
day. January IP, 1901. at ! o'clock p. m. J
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. •
NOTICE is hereby riven that a special meet- !
Ir.r cf the FtockholSei-s cf The San Francisco J
¦n<! S— ji Joaquin Valley Rail— /ay Company
will be held at the principal office of the i
oempany in the city of San Francisco, Cal.,
en BATL'RPAY. the nineteenth (ISth) flay of
January. 1SC1. at 12 o'clock noon, for the pur- !
pese of approving and ratifying an agree-
ment fcr the eale and conveyanace to and
r-urrhsje fcy The Atch'.eon, Topeka and Santa
Fe Railway Company cf the railroad, prop-
erty and franchises of The San Francleco and
E*n Jcaquin Valley Railway Company, and j
tn transact any other business that nuy 1
leftlly come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
?rn Francisco. January 4. 1901.
KCETIXGS Inirrrsal llrotberbooil. '
; t
THF.OSOPHICAL Society will Rive by request j
th» Greek symposium. "Hypatla," In archa'c
«-n«t'jme. at Academy of Sciences Hall. 815) 1
Market Ft.. Sunday, Jan. 10, 8 p. m. : musical I
F"lf-<-t!oriR: nil invited: headquarter? in rm. Si>. '
AGEVTS WAXTED. .
S?f> TO 1500 per month: men or women: salary !
<">r conxBtacSon or fcoth. 927 Market Ft., r. 615. j
ATTOIINEYS AT LAW. ¦
R. W. KING. St!7 Market st.. Cth floor, room €27 j
—Estates, Ca:raj;ef . attachments, bankruptcy. !
collections ; all cases; fair fee; no advance !
«~hargeE; loans on estates. Tel. Howard l."<27. I
ADVICE free; dlvorre law a specialty; private: !
no feo without success; collections. G. W.S
HOWE, atty at law. g5D Market, cor. Stocktn. j
TRANK tV. SMITH: mining and probate law a j
specialty. Mills big., r. 3. 4th fir.; tel. Red 3616. ]
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
XV. DAVIDSON. $2? Market gt.. opp. Mason.
1- a CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft. : consultation free; no fees in advance.
ASPHALTIM ROOFING.
J. PKI-TIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
r-Rlr«i: postal. 11*; Mission- tel. Folsom 1607.
BATH CABINETS.
ELECTRIC light bath cabinets to let and for
sale. V2& Point Lobes ave.
DOARDI.\G FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for 1 or 2 children; German lady;
best refs. frcm former parties. £36A Sixth st.
UUSIXESS CHANCES.
A— $2000; CHOP hcuse and oyster grotto; near
Emporium: rent 1125; lease: daily receipts
$100. Particulars R. G. WILKE. C6H Keamy.
A — $700; COR. butcher bhep. In northern part 1
of city; rent $C9; honse, cart; selling 4 cattle |
and about IS sheep per week; a cash custom. '
Call R. G. WILKE. 26>» Kearny Et.
A— J3000: WINE and liquor business In Oakland,
»kh agency for one of the largest wineries
In th* State; a rushing bar trade and large
route of private customers: located on prin-
cipal street. Call R. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearnr.
A— $2500— CHOICEST saloon on Kearny at.;
c'iose to Chronicle bulldlnr; established years;
3 years' lease: all cash down not necessary.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny St.
A— $000— THIKD interest in laundry company;
doing a first-class business: retiring partner
to leave for New York. Apply R. G. WILKE,
26'.4 Kearny st.
A— ONE of the best saloons with commercial
lunch; close to Palace Hotel; rent $50; owner
rick In bed; a great sacrifice; only $500 cash
down needed. R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
¦ A— $S00~COnNnR grocery and bar on Langton
et.: rent $30; rlace estab. 20 years; must sell.
as owner wants to retire and give long lease
to right party. R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— J2C0— PARTNER wanted In an employment
offlce: can clear easily $150 per month; only
good, active man need apply. R. G. WILKE,
26V4 Kearr.y st. 1
A— $275 — CORNER saloon in the Mission; rent
$20; lease; Rood-paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. Stti Kearnr bC
A— $750 — Restaurant with 13 furnished rooms, in
Stockton: rent $25: 2 years'" lease; owner to
¦ leave for East; must sell nulck; a cood-paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 2614 Kearny Bt.
TARTXER wanted In a lan;e, old-established,
profitable business, controlling a pood, safe,
solid and reliable trade: owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to sell
an interest to aa acceptable party; duties will
be the kefplnK of accounts and assisting-
pen*rally in the management of the business;
capital required $SOO0 to $10,000; full value in
right; books and business open for Investiga-
tion. Apply J. W. DONNELLY & CO.. 6J2
Market gt.
$20ft- RESTAURANT: best location In city; re-
ee'pts $18 day. MJXDI.V. 935 Market st.
JS50— FIXE corner ealoon; No. 1 location; must
eell account of sickness; a ecap. LUNDIN,
*35 Market «t.
jjijO—CIGAR ..stand; business corner. Mc-
LAUGHL.IN & CO.. 777H Market st.
tliOO-BUTCHER shop: prosperous country
town; business O200 p«r month. McLAUGH-
U,V & CO.. 777%_ Market ft.
J250-PARTNER wanted: can make $150 a
month: only noo& ltv- man need apply. CAL-
IFORN1A BUSINESS ASSN.. 865. Market st.
CALL, cn Cal. Business Assn.. MS Market et.,
. for rooming-house*, ealoons. cand >Lf-" d , H ! l_-
tlon store*; all kinds business opportunltie*.
BUSINESS. CHANCES CONTINUED. .
I— SALOON; best bargain ever offered; $125;
complete. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop; heart city; must
go. COWING & CO.. 719 Market gt.
CORNER grocery; best part city; living
rooms. COWING & CO.. 719 Market Bt.
4. RESTAURANT: heart of city; best bargain
ever offered. COWING 4r CO.. 719 Market «t-
DELICACY store; fine location; living rooms;
home cooking. COWING, 719 Market st.
V BUTCHER shop: corner: receipts $35 day;
snap. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
?"IRET-CLASS saloon, elegant fixtures: muet
Fell before Feb. 1; owner ihust go north: trial
given; easy terms; see thin bargain. Apply
to DECKER, 1020 Market *t.
RESTAURANT for sale; fine location: doing
a good paying business. II. C. DECKER,
1020 Market Et.
ro buy. sell or exchange real estate, store or
business place call on H. C. DECKER, 1020
Market £t.
ITIGAR store; rrlendld downtown location:
paying business; rent $C0; good stock and fix-
ture?; sickness cause of selling; genuine bar-
gain at price. fSOO; many other bargains in
bus. opportunities. G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
phone Mint 1911. 917 Market, bet. Sth and 6th.
K— WANTED— A good tenant for grand corner
store and basement, with fixtures Euitab'.e for
grocery business : special Inducements. Ap-
ply PPECK & CO.. 6«7 Market^
?"OIt Sale— A flrst-class cafe and grillroom; lo-
cated In large city on the coast: fully
equipped ar.d splendidly furnished: only place
of kind In town: average business $215 per
day: bar receipts 1110; under good manage-
ment this can be Increased; leaae and reason-
able rent; owner's time taken up with other
business. Inquire 916 Market St., room 94.
&2100 — HANDSOMELY fitted, old-established i
saloon on Market; one of the best known :
places In S. F.; genuine offer; must be sold;
other business. Apply box 1204, Call.
J300— RESTAURANT; paying well; rent in-
payments. D. McRAE. S3" Mission st.
RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; daily re-
ceipts about 550. Call at place. 410 Kearny Bt.
t2"0 — PARTNER wanted; light business; no
experience required. 9 Geary St., room 21.
<S2 GEARY ft.; restaurant at auctfon to-day;
must be sold at 2 p. m. ; highest bidder.
PLAY THE RACES'.
Our expert handicap figures netted $662 last
month, playing $10 straight on each selection;
commission? frcm $20 up will be accepted to b?
played by us as per our handicap sheets. N. S.
HAND & CO.. 24 Kearny st.
P1RST-CLASS coffee and chopnoBse for $273, at
Junction of Market. Gough, Halght and Va-
lencia; transfer point; rent $S; no a«jent;
must sell on account of other business; a
snap and fortune for right party. 1932 Market.
K PARTNER In a first-class butcher business
in a thriving city on this coast: practical man
preferred; capital required $1500 to $2000. Box
3394. Call office.
STATIONERY, notions and cigar store; good
location: with 3 living rooms. Address box
A. Call branch office. 300 Hayes st.
A A— J4C0; grand opportunity for lady or gent.;
location perfect; cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room, 23d ave. station, E. Oakland.
$Sf.<>— MEAT market: finest In city; 5 blocks
from Call bldg.: rent $15; strictly cash trade.
Inquire 1C9 Buchanan st.
Ol'TSIDE route for sale on this paper. Apply
Call offlce.
AN active young man with capital wants to
Invest In lucrative business. Box 11S5, Call.
__
SHOOTING gallery. 1173 Market Et.
$250— RESTAURANT for sale. Box 1176, Call
office.
CIGAR ft and and newstand; must be sold. 155-
157 Fifth st. ._
$350 — SALOON for sale; second door from Kear-
ny: $20 month. Apply 423-425 Jackson st.
RESTAURANT for sale, whole or half; will
g:ve trial. 969 Howard st.
TOR sale— Fine grocery, bar and living rooms;
cause, sickness. E51 Geary et.
$30 WINS $300 per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons, 921 Market, r. 4.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96
Valencia st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
10-ROOM flat; downtown. $300
14 rooms on Mission st 500
50 rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 2600
15 rooms on Third st 600
45 rooms; fine corner; clears $200 J500
24 rocms on Geary st. : clears $150 1900
28 rooms on Kearny st.; clears $150 1600
p.3 rooms on Market st 1409
12 rooms; clears $75 450
D<XI others— Prices from $100 to $25,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint. 796.
CO ROOMS; newly furnished: rent $150 $3000
37 rooms; money-maker; near Market 1900
SO rooms; Van Ness; finely furn. ;• extra.. 950
35 rooms; Leavenworth : rent $57 CO 900
10 rooms; 1450; 10 rooms, quick 850
to rooms; detached; handsome yard, with
drive to bsrn and lease $10 month, leaving
rent only $65 month; clears $100 month; special
Enap. FISHKR & CO. 1032 Market st.
"WINSTON & WOLF, ICie Market st.
Telephone Mint 1531
27 rooms; rent $50; a bargain $650
47 rooms; Al location; part cash 2700
60 rooms: north of Market 2700
16 rooms; sunny corner 2250
31 rooms; worth $2300; reduced to 1300
A FREE LIST MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market: tel. Black 1S03: n«ir Call bldg.:
over 500 houses, from $200 to $19,000; big and
little hous»»; money loaned If you want io
buy or sell; nlease call.
CALL and see our list of bargains in houses:
ive have them In any part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S
Sixth Bt. ." ',
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. 30 Kearny st.. room 6.
Big bargains; list 1:1 office; money loaned;
clear title; houses all full.
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. SO Kearny St., rm. 6.
LARGEST list lodging-houses; good bargains:
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD.
rms. 1-2, 917 Market St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
FOR sale cheap — A fine 12-room lodging-house;
res?pectab!e and first-class; best of reasons
for selling; no agents need api#y. 233 O'Far-
rell et. '
LADY wants to buy rooming-house; >. 15 to 2<
rooms; well furnished; north of Market; cash
paid. Box 1219. Call offlce.
11 ROOMS, partly furnished: rent $20; good
location; every room light. B17 Pine St.. near
Kearny. ,
$?50— LODGING-HOUSE of 76 rooms; $250 in-
come. 105 New Montgomery st.
$2000—56 ROOMS; fine location; well furnished;
all rented; low rent. BASILK. 3 Eddy st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world -renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated
mining a specialty; cirs. Pun.. Wed.. Frl. e\rs
Come and be convinced. Permanently located
C13 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln: no sign
CIRCLE to-night. 8 sharp, 10c; readings dally
MME. MARQUISE, 5 Hyde st.. nr. McAllister
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; best tests
10c; prophetic business readings. 148 Sixth
Mrs. Evans has removed from 108 to 120 Sixth
circles to-day, 2 and 8, 10c; to-morrow eve
C V. MILLER'S trumpet materializing seance
S p. m., COc. 1689 Bush, near Leavenworth.
MRS. LKSTER— Readings daily; circle ever;
eve.. 10c, except Wed.; de\-el. circle. 222 Turk
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium & healer: read
dally. 10 to 10. Vendome, 1104 Market, rm. 14
EARLE. 305 Taylor St.. corner Ellis— Sitting!
dally; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium
healer and card reader. 145 Eddy st.
C. Mayo-Stters, 112% Oak. trance medium
readings $1; hours 1-5 p. m. ; tel. Howard 627
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mr*. C. J
Meyer; sittings daily; tests to all to-night; 10c
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium
life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS,
Clairvoyant and Business Medium.
Is permanently located at 17 Third St.. nex
Examiner building. She reads your life cor
rectl;\ gives an accurate description of th
rast. reveals the present happenings and por
trays events to occur In the future. If yo #
are in trouble, discontented, unhappy or no
satisfied In life, or have domestic, iove or busl
iiess troubles, consult this great medium an
you will be told how to overcome them.
Valuable advice in all affairs of life. *
Full life reading by mail; write for Informa
tion; 25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known tranc
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mai
ket st.. corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 5
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satlsfactlo
guaranteed by mall: send stamp for parn
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sundaj
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palni
iEt;l& years' experience: her knowledge of th
unreen forces Is Invaluable to professional an
business men. to wives and lovers; follow h«
advice and you will make no mistake. IK
Market et.. corner Mason, room 28.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & car
reader, born with double veil— second «lgh1
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50<
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit. $1 SO. 128 Turl
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
ralmiet. permanently located 1148 Market, op.
Cth; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE, clairvoyant, card reader: best
- advice, 25c up. 472 Stevenson st.. cor. Sixth.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c, 7 Seventh st.
MRS. BROWN, scientific card reader; readings
dally. 109 Fifth et., room 2. '
MRS. Melvill. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 13,6th ;German spoken: tel.Howard 1846.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
bar.d's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past.
• present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 14.
MME. VALEEN, clairvoyant, card reader,
palmist end healer. 215 Leavenworth et.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny st.. rooms 8-10.
MME SCHAFFKR. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. • 448H Jessie st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. & Fourth st.
CAHPKT BBATIXG AXD CLKAX1SG.
w7fE>Tyoirberome disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- Beat-
ing Works, 353-337 Tehama ft. : tel. South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
fjTRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Beno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth Bt.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. S33 Golden
Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping -wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
CHIROPODISTS^
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGI3 W. KELLY'S Agency—No charge un-
COTTAGES TO LET;
111 — (-ROOM cottage: stable In r?ar. York St.,
between Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth.
$9— COTTAGE; rear: 4 rooms and attic; garden;
close to cars. 1121H Filbert ft.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
I ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without • platea our specialty: gold crowns.
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 £0 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and bridgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
fcr 20 years; crowns, $3 BO; fUllngn, 50c; plates,
$5. full set: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have v moved to 969
Mission st., cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges: difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, COc.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldjr.
A. L. SIMPSON. D. D. S., 12C6 Market st.— Ex-
pert tooth extractor: crown and brldgework.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4: crowns, $3; fillings, 2ic.
VAN VROOM — •"Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk St.
DRESSMAKERS ANI> SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
educational.
e\^cing~schoolT~s7^". business^col^
LEGB 1226 Market st.: Individual Instruction
in bookkeeping, shorthand English brancl.es;
civil r?rvice coaching; tuition $5 month.
ALL st-idents but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1230 Market St.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
[ and evening; $8 per month; $30 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion. Including the commercial and shorthand
I courses; 1T>4 positions secured for our students
l during the past u months; catalogue free.
I ¦ > *
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott Mdg.—
Sliorthnnd, typing and bookkeeping: Rob?rt V.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
ehortiiand, reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeepins, full course, 150; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 21 Post ht.,
H. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, Knglish branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
ard night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free.
! A— THE: LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
j school for the university, law and medical col-
legcF; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
I CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has po&t-
i j tiens guaranteed to It by written contract.
8nd can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all Its graduates. 3C5 Larkin st.
• BOOKKEEPING or shorthand; Pitman .sys-
tem; private lessons by an experienced teach-
er. M. W. CORNELL, 126 Kearny St., r. 53.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR, exp. ncct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
; ENGINEERING, civil, elec. minlng,mech.,sur-
1 vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1SG4.
• VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. S33 Market.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
I lessors by mall; acknowledged by official re-
1 porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
• MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac-
1 tice. Merkl, reliable teacher. 100S Mission st.
FRENCH.Spanish.etc.Prof.DeFillppe'sAca'iemj
of languages,320 Post;estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
.MUNSON.r School Shorthand, Typing Bookkep-
; ing. Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
! etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th,
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
• ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
I % OFFICES.
• JAPANESE responsible housecleaninB~coTT^esT.
1870; practical recommend: try them: removed
; to 419 Devisadero; tel. Fell 136. F. HAMADA.
• JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
" AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
• JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
: best help. £26 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
. RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
" tice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main SlSd.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
- ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2G01.
. ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
ne*e help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072
. CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
" Best help. 411^ O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
I BSIPLOY.ME XT |\VA NT E D FE M A LE
J A FIRST-CLASS hotel co^k, very best refer
ences, wishes place: city or country. C. R
; HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St., S. F. •
A GOOD cook wishes position In Amerlcai
family of adults; references; wages $25 to $30
'¦ Box 1210, Call office. ,
i, A RELIABLE woman wishes to- do houseworl
I. and cooking: wages $20 and $25 a month. Bo:
= 1211. Call office.
AMERICAN middle-aged woman with a glr
of 12 years an working housekeeper or cook
Ing on ranch. 14 Pearl st.
A MIDDLB-AGED German lady wishes posl
:t tlon as housekeeper or housework. Call .1
13a Fillmore st.
• ELDERLY lady wishes to assist in l!gh
u housework in small American family; smal
(t pay. 29 Eddy St., room 40, second floor.
'- WOMAN wants any kind of work; Is gooi
d cook. 328 Minna et.
WOMAN wishes washing or housecleanlng b
1- the day. 240 Perry st.
_ YOUNG .woman wishes situation light house
work, cooking. 3231 Market «t
,i SITUATION wanted by colored woman to d
„ light housework or chamberwork. Apply a
" 617% Ellis St.. bet. Larkln and Hyde. In coun
•'• A YOUNG girl wishes u place for second worl-
~ or would do general housework in a sma
'^ family. Please call at «13 Bryant «t. ; -
d POSITION wanted by reliable and experience
'* restaurant woman as cashier and stewardess
)4 Box 1152, Call offlce.
— WOMAN with a girl 10 years old wishes wor
In country. Box 1187, Call offlce.---
B, YOUNG Scandinavian lady wishes to do secon
s. work or general housework. . 1544 Howard st
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FE3IALE.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer;
, has had some experience. Address A. C. H.,
300 Mission st. !___.
DANISH girl wishes situation as cook: private
American family; wages $20, $25. 412 Sixth st.
WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun-
dress. 7C6 Larkln st. '¦ .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third- St., near- Mar-
i ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $150 night, $150 to 18
week; convenient and respectable; free dus
and baggage to and from ferry. ' '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at iu»o
Valencia st. . ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
i
j EMl'LOYMKXT WAXTKP--MAL E /
BY~a rracTlcIT^^den^rTTTears' foreman in
a city park: experienced in all floral signs,
new lawns, etc.- would take charge or large
place; first-class references. Address uar-
dener, 81 Natoma st. -•
GOOD reliable man wishes position in pri va t«
family or aa assistant gardener; understands
plain gardening, horses: can milk; excellent
references. A. ANTHONY. 14S Sixth at.
YOUNG mnrried couple, German, wish posi-
tions In hotel; man as runner or porter wire
as chambermaid and sewins. 510 Busn st.,
room 36. Sfeya-?' '"' ,
BAKER. first-claBs confectioner and Pn'tfV
cook, excellent reference, wants work: cltj
or country, hotel or catering place. Address
Confectioner. 184 South Park.
*A SALESMAN who can sell your goods,' on or
off the road: 14 years' experience; best refer-
ence. 761 East Fifteenth St., Eaat Oakland.
BAKER wants position as second hand or sin-
gle; country preferred. Address W., -a
Second Bt. |2 .. ¦ ¦
COOK who can bake and keep sober wants a
position In country, mining camp or rancn.
Address box 1205. Call offlce.
YOUNG man, handy with carpenter tools,
•wishes steady employment with carpenter or
contractor; wages moderate. Box 1202. uii.
YOUNG man 23 years, bookkeeper and good
salesman, speaks German fluently. _ wants
position; best references. Box 1201. Call.
EXPERIENCED milk or bakery wagon driver,
German. -would like position; well acquainted
in city. Box 1217. Call office. ¦
BARTENDER with experience and references
wants position. Address E. P., 25-East st.
I EASTERN young man of good character and
address, understands 1 driving and care of
horses, wishes a position In private place;
references. Box 1189, Call office.
EXPERIENCED man of 40 wants position as
clerk or barkeeper in hotel; city or country ;
moderate wages; references. Address box 5016,
Call offlce.
COOK wants a situation in a coffee house or
restaurant: no Sunday work: downtown. Ad-
dress AL NAUDE. 6 Magner place.
j A GENTLEMAN of address and business cx-
I perience desires occupation; amount of salary
I not important. Box 1181. Call oiflce.
, BAKER, foreman, reliable and steady, wants
pltuation; city or country. Address Baker,
225 Third St., Oakland.
ELDERLY man, small, active. Intelligent,
wants place; competent to do any kind of
light work. Address H. C. J.. box 1108. Call.
WOULD like to have place as janitor, watch-
man or club waiter. Address Sunshine Court.
room 3.
WANTED— Work by flrat-class bench hand and- j
carpenter; 6 years' experience at bench work. '¦
Box 1162. Call.
j DOCTOR wants employment: has held several
hospital appointments. Box 1190, Call offlce.
j RELIABLE young nwn wishes position in
country; any kind of work. Box 11S6. Call.
! YOUNG man of 20 would like position around
I private place. Box 2184, Call office.
BAKER wants position as first or second hand
on bread. Address Baker. 503 Stockton St.
'JAPANESE young man wants, a place as school
i boy. S. N.. 1323 Pine ft.
] CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 22CO Fllmore St.
EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange— Washington land: also hotel
property in Western Minnesota. Box 16. Call.
! FEATHER PILLOWS.
i HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
! their feather pillow* cleaned and renovated
• ! by the latest sanitary process may address
j FEATHER FACTORY. 241 Stevenson st.
i FINANCIAL.
j $2300 INVESTED now will secure you a year-
j ly Income of five hundred dollars; ample
I security. Address box 1206, Call offlce.
! ¦
•: FLATS TO LET.
i TO let— Novr flats on Buchanan St., between
1 McAllister and Golden Gate ave. ; 5 and 6
! rooms and bath: all the latest Improvements.
I Apply G. II. UMBSEN & CO., 14 M-ntgomery.
i TO let— Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 1002
i McAllister st. Apply G. II. UMBSEN & CO.,
j 1* Montgomery st.
! FLAT 6 rooms. 323 Tehama St., with yard and
I woodshed; rent reduced.
I IF you want to move pet printed list flats to let
I from BALDWIN' & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
i MODERN fiat; 8 rooms", bath; good order. 112S
! Howard *t., near Seventh.
i NEW* flat. 4 large sunny rooms; water free. 22
! Kumner st., oil Howard, near Eighth.
i SACRAMENTO. 1365— Two bay-window flats of
. three -ooms; gas; rent 57 and $12 50.
[ $10— COTTAGE of 3 sunny rooms. 134 Rose
I ave., 1'4 blocks from Market, between Gough
I and Octavia.
j J.7-4-P.OOM flats on Victor st.. off Bryant, bet.
I 7th and Sth. Inquire at grocery. 941 Bryant.
i ¦
j FURNITURE FOR SALE.
i I 4 BOOMS furnished In oak $48 40, with No. 7
: j rar.ge. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
. 1 FURNITURE of flat: must be sold at once;
• j party leaving city. 941 Jackson St., cor. Mason.
FURNITURE of fi rooms, partly rented: rent
. j Jll month. 94 Zoe Bt., corner Brannan.
FURNITURE WAXTED.
'. I Auctioneer— L.Vincent, 130S Larkin: tel. Polk 69«;
furnltur- &. furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
', TO receive highest valun for furniture, carpets,
ttc, see W. E. Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3333.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture," carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays high-it
' price for afcond-hanrl furniture: ¦ tel. RM 1354.
1 1IKKI' WA.M'KU fr'K..lA!.E.
! "C. n. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, hotel, south. $25, free fare :
chambermaid, sama place, $20, free fare. Ece
1 party here; 2 waitresses, Stockton, $20: 8
waitresses, flrst-cla63 commercial hotels. $20;
; 7 waitresses, flrst-class city hotels, $20; res-
1 taurant waitress, ' $7 week. • » '
FAMILY. DEPARTMENT.
House girl, Nevada, $20, fare paid, see party
7 here; 3 second tirls, nuree girls, city and
' country, $20; Infant's nurse: 25 house girls,
city and country. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary Bt. - '.
1 MAN and wife for small plain boarding-house
kitchen; $40 and found. C..R. HANSEN &
. CO.. 104 Geary st. * ¦
'- A— WANTED.... ; *.......
Waitress* for officers' dining-room in Institu-
tion, near city, $25 per month. . with board,
room and laundry;" middle-aged woman pre-
ferred. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
" 2 CHAMBERMAIDS, hotel. $20 each; waitress,
$20; a woman to do chamberwork, short dis-
tance, ¦ $20; house girl. 2 In family, $30. nc
washing; 2 cooks. $30 each; 6 sjcond" girls,
$20 and $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter Bt.
I A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery St.,
1. room 12.
Chambermaid,, city, $17 50; 5 waitresses,
- south, $20, free fare; waitresses, city, $20.
- SEWING machine operators wanted at Lev!
"1 Strauss & Co.'s overall factory, 32J4 Fremoni
Bt. Apply to MR. DAVIS. •
' A FEW experienced operators, and also girls
. fcr Instruction at the Standard Shirt Fac-
lt tory. cor. Gough and Grove sts.
II WANTED— Button sewers at LEVI STRAUS*
& CO.'S. -36^ Fremont Bt.
d I WANTED— Good tailoress In general. 219
_ Powell -at.-;
y EXPERIENCED finishers 'and .apprentices ~ or
_ pants; steady work: good. pay.' 407 Stevenson
'"' NEAT, lady for offlce: -one who can loan em
- r ] °y er *3W- Box 1203. Call.
° WANTED— A lady to do washing. 647 Hayei
J;' street. . .
- WOMAN with' references for "cooking and gen
11 eral housework. 906 Ellis st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Appl:
- 2520 Huchannn st. M 1 I 'ii'llU'H'W 111 WHIlUHlHillMI
d ¦ -
S. ¦ " ¦ •¦ ' -'¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ " - : • ' •
WANTED— A good .waitress. 306 Second St.
k GIRL to assist in " general housework ; smal
family. 2612 Larkln st.
d GIRL . wanted for general housework. Appl;
t. 1D27. Octavia st.. near Sutter.
HELP WAX TED— FEMALE.
BUTTONHOLE makers, operators. % a l***™
onrt sDnrentlces on coats, vests and pants.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO... 641 Market St.;
call uystalrs.' j . .
ELDKRLT German Catholic woman, house-
workjno washing; sleep home; $18. 782 Fulton.
GIRL wanted to do general housework. 117
Clipper st., between Church and Bancnez,
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth. '
GIRL for light housework; small family; good
home. Call at 1134 Turk gt. ¦
WANTED— A woman with good education to
travel; must be capable, without lncum-
brances. Box 407, Call office.
RELIABLE womnn, housework, small Ameri-
can fam.: f l<l<-rly lady prefd. 1461 Valencia.
OPRRATOTuTon cotton shirt waists. BAUER
niiOS. CO., 21 flunsorn* »t. .
LADIl:S wlKlilnc to .innrry%K(iO4l men call or
write MIIH. HERTZ, '.Ofi Kills St.: no charge*.
WANTj'uv-Youiig Klrl for light housework; 2
In. family. 1749 Kills f »t.'
EXI'KltlKNCKD Klrls to paste samples. BEL-
ASCO & HAUUia CO.. 641 Market (upstairs).
FIRST-CLASS button-hole maker on coats.
.'BELASCO A HAKH1H CO.. 641 Market St.
CLASSIFIED aclvertlsfments and subscriptions
received nt Cnll branch office. 2100 KlUmoi-* ft.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1O'J6
Valencia gt.
. HELP WAXTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main B84S
...Leadlnjr Employment and Labor Agent*...
WANT, 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Wagonmaker, country shop, steady Job: S
buttermakers and milkers for Marin, Sonoma
and other counties .'...$30 and $35
2 orchard pruners; 6 farm hands and chore
boy; man and wife for ranch on shares
150 woodchoppers and tlemakers, tools and
provisions furnished
A— HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Third-hand baker. $20 and found: waiters.
city and country hotels $25 and $30
Cook, saloon, $30; 4 cocks, $30 and $40; washer
.and starcher
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. .Phone Grant 185
Entre cook, $20 a week, south; cook and
wife, country hotel, $60 to $65; waiter, Ne-
vada, $10 week: porter, flrst-class country
hotel, J30: elevator boy, $10. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
FARMER and wife, $00: milker and wife, $35.
I C. R. HAN'SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
I A CORRESPONDENT for a wholesale grocery
! house, between 25 and 35 years of" age; salary
to commence, $125. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Hotel steward. $45: colored waiter, $35; man
and wife, cooks, $C5; runner, $30; head waiter
and 'steward, $10.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment: only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom laSrf. I. LESS, Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
MINKRS WANTED
Twelve machine drillers. 6 single-handed
miners: mine In California. Apply F. S.
MOODY, 426 Townsend at.
TAILORS — First-class rantsmaker wanted for
Portland. Or. Call Friday. 11 a. m., at
STEIN, SIMON & CO., Market and Second.
WANTED— Dress goods salesman; state experi-
ence, reference, salary expected. Box 1216,
Call office.
WANTED— Experienced stationery salesman;
ptate experience, reference, salary. Box 1215,
Call offlce.
WANTED — Experienced draper and drapery
salesman; state experience, reference, salary.
Box 1214, Call offlce.
TRAVELING salesman in the drygoods line,
with reference, - to take a good side line.
Box 11S2, Call office.
3 LIGHT harness makers and machine oper-
ator. Address Seattle Harness and Saddlery
Co., S«attie, Wash.
COLORED boys wjio sing, dance and play in-
struments. Call 1 p. m. at Lyceum Theater,
310 O'Farrell st. .
BOY wanted to learn carriage blacksmith
trade. WALCOM BROS.. 217 Ellis St.
WANTED— Boy 16 or 17; references. Hoover's
Pharmacy. California and. Devlsadero sts.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting-; 25c
to f,Oc. f-C2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD bootblack to run stand; good location
3095 Sixteenth st.
JANITOR in large^ building; experience in ma-
chinery desired. Box 1207. Call offlce.
GOOD «rrand boys at E. MESSAGER'S cloai
store, /145 Pest st.
WANTED— Male cook for small G2rm!in board-
ing-house. Call at SG7 Mission it.
WANTED — Good cutter to buy old-establlahert
tailoring business; terms easy. Box 1109, CalL
A MAN to blast out stumps. Box .*.-. Cal
office.
PRESSER wanted at the Olympia Clothlnt
Renovatorj'. 632 Sutter Bt.
WANTED— Good cook; email restaurant. 6l(
Stanyan St., opposite Golden Gate Park.
I BOY for German printing otllce. 535 California
St., room 4.
, 1»AUNDRYMAN as second washer and starch-
er for Stanfoid Hand Laundry. Palo Alto.
, BARBER shop for sale; complete with fixtures.
C01 Castro st.. cor. Eighteenth; sacrifice.
WANTED — Experienced salesman to sell spool
silks and threads for San Francisco and sur-
rounding townsy mu^t command a good vol-
ume of business among the manufacturing
trades; rend .nhotograph and state full par-
" tlculars as t<7 where last employed, what
! route covered and whether on salary or com-
mission. Meyer Thread Co., 80 Kingston
St.. Boston, Mass. Not In the thread or siik
¦ trust. v
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
. 8. Navy, able-bodied" unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
! less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
: 1 inch in helsht: able to read, write and
speak Englisn. For further information ap-
! . ply at the Marine Recruiting Office, 40 EUia
Ft.. Ran Francisco, Cal.
' MEN OR WOMEN
Paid Big Commissions
, UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
| PANT. 21 Spear at.
* GOOD solicitor to canvass this city, Oakland
and Alameda for a reliable *old established
business; will pay the right party well.; full
: particulars upon application. Box 1161, Call.
; BRIGHT men of good address; a splendid offer
for th» month of January; $100 a month, in
addition to salary and commission; do not
' call unless you are a flrst-class solicitor of
good address: references. 69 Columbian bldg.
J WANTED- A solicitor of high grade who can
j present a high class proposition to selected
individuals; no canvassing; high pay for
1 right man. Room fi, 5 Market st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
' weeks required; position guaranteed: special
, inducements; catalogue . free. MOLER'3
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
' WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
i runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
t rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
HOME-MADE bread and pie batter; references
required. 1217 Valencia st.
BRIGHT men of. good address; money ad-
' vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
9 a. m. at 302 Post st.
" EXPERIENCED butter maker wanted; state
• reference. Address PAUL HEILMAN,
I Marygvllle. Cal.; - ¦-<. ¦': ¦¦.
'• WANTED— Good coatmaker; work inside; by
piece or wages. 225\4 Montgomery ave;
V WANTED— Boys, 16 years old. Apply at Rope
Works, Potrero.
STRONG boy wanted in a wholesale house;
references. 105 Sansome St.
, WELL located barber shop; living rooms;
J rent: good trade; $l£0. Box 1177. Call.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly : damaged, half
price. £62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
- WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
8 20c. Boston House, 020 Howard st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old reliable
g firm, S06 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
f{ MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard st.,
'¦j j S. F. Barber School.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
~ all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
•• WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
7 kct; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage. to and from ferry.
¦ A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
_ ;. Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
_ Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
y United States or Canada one year for Si.
_ ANY case of Piles, Piles, Piles, Pllee; ever 200
II permanent ¦ cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be interviewed*
- no surgery, palvea or ointments; no lnterfer-
y ence with buslnessfdurlng treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1310, Call
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc—For Sal*
40 HORSES •- for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FINE, gentle horse, together with surrey and
harness in good order, for sale cheap. STAN-
LY MAYALL. O126 Kearny st., S. F.
THREE fast road horses; also some good
business horses, at 721 Howard st.
FOR sale— Good family cow, fresh. 3263 Fol-
Bom St., bet. 27th and 28th.
FRESH cow and two calves for sale. Cor.
Twentieth and Minnesota sts.
FIIESH cow and calf "for sale. 3827 Seven-
teenth st. near Dolores.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOLSOM. 2328 — Bay window house. 7 rooma
and bath; rent. $23. .
6 ROOMS, bath and basement; 14 Reed st.;
rent $15. Apply at 1325 Washington st. .
$12— REAR sunny house, 5 rooms. 1510 Califor-
nia St.; apply middle flat.
IIOUSKS TO LET — FURNISHED.
|20— HOUSE of 5 rooms, furnished complete for
housekeeping. 11S8 Npe st.
HOUSE CLEANING.
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co., "tab. 1830;
removed to 419 Devlsadero at., tel. Fell 136.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND; reliable: teaches hypno-
tism and magnetic healing for $5, in five
lessons. 987 Market st.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— Between Watsonvllle and city, broad
gauge, Thursday morning, hand satchel con-
taining Jewelry, money, etc.; return and re-
ceive liberal reward. W. H. PYBURN, Wat-
Bonvllle, Cal.
LOST— Gold bracelet, on Market or Stockton
streets. Reward If returned to WICH-
MAN, 754 Market st.
LOST— A wreath pin; green and pink enamel.
Return to IOCS Pine st.: reward.
LOST— A bunch of keys: reward. 121S Powell.
LOST— Package containing unfinished hand-
kerchlef and linen; reward. 834 Fulton st.
GOLD >y*son!c emblem, with diamond, on 14th
lr.st., after 10 o'clock p. m. : owner's name in-
scribed. Suitable reward on return to Hotel
St. Nicholas.
STOLEN from Larkspur residence — One pair
Brussels net curtains and embroideries. Par-
ties holding same will be arrested If articles
are not returned immediately.
LOST— On Jones and CFarrell st. cars, purse
containing about $55, by a poor widow; $10
reward. 385 Union st.
LOST— Brown spaniel, white breast. 4164 Twen-
ty-sixth St.. near Castro: reward.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
jeweler. 218 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD gold, rilver. diamo-ids and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market «t.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia St. j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
M 4.TTRE3SES AND "PILLOWS, tel. South 792.
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed: feathers and hair cleansed: fine up-
holstery; expert carpet-cleaning and laying.
HOPKE BROS.. 31S and 320 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL.
DR G W O'DONNELL. moved to 101S Market,
opp Eth: world-renowned ladles' specialist:
safe reliable; practiced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully:
treatment can be u«d at home: consultation
free. After all others fail call on him.
MRS DR. KOHL. ?97 Market St.. cor. Sixth-
Safe and reliable ladies' physician; treatment
$5* positive cure guaranteed; when others fall
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
i drs GOODWIN, 1007«i Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice In S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; J5 at offlce; haVe cured thou-
> sands of cases; unexcelled success: see free.
• MRS DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
: successful practice; Ruaxanteed treatment at
office 13; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Tost St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1I2S Market— Ladies'
ppeciallsts: 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed; ladles treated can return san>e
day: HINDOO HERB homo cure; stamps, clr.
c DR. POPPER, MRS. DR. LA TOUR, ladies'
specialists; new process: sure cure: no medl-
I clne;every womanher own physician. 323Kearny.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market— Ladles' spe-
'. clallst: F.afe and sure cure. $5: best care; low
fees: when all others fall consult free.
1 UPS. DR. GWYER. ladies' specialist; home
• for patients. S04 Eddy st. ,
; DR. NG TOT KKE cures disease by_herbs:
» ndvl/*<* frp**. 7^4 P3CT"?iYr*er;to nt.. near KwmT,
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, enplnos, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAX, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN, 1017, 1019, 1021. 1C23 Mission St.,
above Sixth; write for catalogue. . --;
BUY a brand-new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITE^* EXCHANGE. 409 California
st.: rentals, new machines. $3 per month.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
ASK for the $10 American stem-winding gold
filled watch, worth $25. at UNCLE HARRIS'.
15 Grant ave.
ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery St.. sell
at low figures all makes of second-hand
typewriters.
AUTOMOBILE or boat upright 2 horsepower
steam engine: weight 45 lbs.; price $50. E.
H. TIETJE, 413 Market st.
A — 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Apply at 216 California st. \
THREE dozen choice laying pullets for sale
cheap. 72SH Fourteenth st.
KIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BABY buggy and hlghchair; in use one month:
sell at sacrifice. 103 Van Ness ave.
ONE 2H h. p. Hercules; 1 4 h. p. Hicks gaso-
llne engine; good order! bargain. 634 Mission.
2D-HAND steam, gas, oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. 516 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand movinif
pictures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes THH
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran,
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
A— KLEIN pays best price for clothing brtc-a-
brac. old gotd. 109 Sixth st. ; phone Jessie 14L
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &.
sold. Sllverman. 98t Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. H. L.
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st.
MIXES AXD JllXISO.
MONTEZUMA Mining Co.'s copper stock (Wash-
ington) is the greatest bargain on the market.
Development work is being pushed, and mine*
will be producers during the coming summer.
Par value of stock. $1; during January it Is
offered at 8 cents cash and 7 cents on in-
stallments. The Investment of a small sum in
this big company will give large returns. Pros-
pectus, maps and ores at our offlce or by mail.
AMERICAN GUARANTY AND TRUST CO.,
Selling Agents. 310 Safe Deposit bldg.. S. F.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
IF you buy, when you buy. buy aT^goodTbuy"
or else it. will be a "good-by" to your money
and your peace of mind. Save all trouble bv-
VA^! y n Ma?k% C t ke st & S ° n Plan ° " "***
KLEGANT baby grand for sale very chean If
you want a real bargain here's your chance
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market stT
PIANOS from $50 upward at MAUVAJS* 783
Market st.: cash or easy payments. *
blHMITZ. 18 McAllister st.. next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap- brilliant
powerful tone. HOUNUNG. 218 McAllUUT stl
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AN opportunity of a~Ufetlme; will sail off
the following pianos:
Guild »7 50
Novella upright ...187
Weber 833
Steinway $125 and $290
Two Heines $290 and $470
Hallet & Davis $4«S
Thirty new pianos at . l H52
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary St.. agents
Hallct & Davis, oldest and most famous
pianos in existence; our new rent contract,
you have privilege to return piano if not
satisfied.
BEAUTIFUL, Chickering upright: cost $473.
now $273. HEINE PIAN? CO.. 217 Geary st.
CHICKERIXQ $T3
Great L'nlon SO
Halnes Bros 10O
Hallett & Davis 135
Sherwdod & Son 150
Kramer Bros ISO
Benrlder ." 190
Arion 19O
Schiedemeyer 1Si>
Sterling 225
; Curtaz 2W
Standard 2S5
Conover »»
Easy payments If desired. It will pay you
to see BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell
__st ._Chlckering Agency.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay A Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stein*-.y down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Stelnway any tlm«
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold lor $8 cash arid
*'i per month. We offer to sell some good
pirnos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CZ.AY A CO.. Steinway dealers, eor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St., Oak-
land.
ABSOHrTEtvr the oldest and largest hous«
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S. 28.
2S and 30 O'Farrell st ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possibl* done to please and satisfy ths
customer.
ELEGANT 3-pedal upright; ' sacrifice: leaving
city; standard make. 324 Golden Gate ave.
A CLEARING out sale of piano- In storage:
dirt cheap. 'Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
EYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Ppellman pianos. 3M Post.
SPECIAL sale — Immense reductions : see our
leadeT. only $150. ERVEXX, 208 Post St.
3-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain; owner
leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
HICH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardman. Con-
over & others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 814 Post.
AT KEEFFJJ'S. 833 Market »t.. 4 elegant up^
rights at your own price. Shontnger agency.
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos. t3 per
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
.1IO.NKY TO LOAX
A A— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interest in Estates
Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. »30 Market.
X MONEY to loan at rates which people- can
afford to pay on furniture, planoe. etc.: do
not borrow cf your frtend3 or you will lc*»
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market St.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2d and Sd mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: sret my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. ».
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN A OLBBN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Je-welry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S46 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch U Third st.
A— £00,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates- chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROVXSTONE, 11 Montgomery St.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watcher Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 8l«h;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.;
no removal; no commission; strictly conflden-
tlaL Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 101 Jones.
¦ ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
nulck: lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room «S.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
1100,000 TO loan on real estate or for bulldlnir:
tow rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 222 Ban-ome. rm. 2.
IXWNS 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: 6%: undi-
vided ints. ; estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott big.
' AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 3«6 Parrotf build-
ing; men can secure Joan* on personal notea.
! CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan.
THE T^rSLET CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
' MONEY to loan on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Eatamlner building.
; TO salaried people without collateral or In-
derser. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Pbelan big.
X Oil*.
ro OIL. INVESTORS— There are flre «ub-
scribers required to complete company of
twenty ground floor organize™ of new oil
company on choice proven oil land In Kern
County: Kilt edge proposition; you can get
In for $575: cash In hand for first well; no
treasury itock offered for sale; drilling com-
mences Immediately and we exp«*:t a pro-
ducing well by Feb. 20. Box 1191. Call.
M OR 49 rctw for sal* In 24—28—27. Kern River
Oil District: a grand chance for a company If
taken Immediately. J. a EWES. 123 Cali-
fornia St.. room W7. San Francisco. Cal.
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Co. buya. develop!",
exploits and sells oil lands: has exceptional
advantages for securing Eastern capital In
proved fields; communications confidential. F.
H. Haniman, Sec.. Sth floor, r. 32. Mills bid?.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
DRIVES them craiy! My prices on stocks, t
buy and sell. LUNDIN. »35 Market St.. r. ».
OIL. LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River; proven territory; lint of R, R.
Newton. Carmen & Somes, r. 104. Chronlcl-.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
NATOMA, 5E0, between Sixth and Seventh—
> Large corner sunny store: 2 living rooma: tlK
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms p*pered. U
mo. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth st. : open evening*.
PALMISTRY.
Arrived— Prof. A. Myers, the. celebrated Euro-
pean occultist and palmist; consultation II.
1425 Mission, nr. 11th; 10 to 12m. 1 to 5 p. m.
H. JEROME FOSSELLJ. scientific palmist. IIS
Taylor st.. bet. Oeary and Post: tel. Black ESI.
PATEXT9 ASD PEXSIO5S.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
~ ~ PERSONALS.
"WILL GEO. D. ' HKYDLAUFF send his addreaa
to 202S San Pablo ave.. Oakland. Cal.?
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms:
ZSc to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $8 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$50 REWARD for the addreu of ROSIB
KOPKE or ROSIE FISHER, Address PETER,
KOPKE. International Hotel.
FINE suits. $10: dress pants, $3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery it.
A— $3 50 DERBT and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
V. CONDORT. M. D.. assistant physician to
Dr. W. T. Gar wood : office hours. 10 to 11. J to
4. 6 to 8 p. m. ; tel. Brown 131. ttl Sutter st.
WHY guess? You are certain of style and fit by
using Standard Patterns; February style*
ready. DOMESTIC pFFICE. 1021 Market st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quartp-
or double. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
GREAT curiosity: a petrified fish; fee 25c KM
Market St.. parlor 37. •
SUPERFLUOUS hair and molei (destroyed with
electric needle. MIS9 EATON. 111» Sutter St.
A GOOD home open for girl or boy baby. Add.
Mrs. Dr. Funke. W« Eighth St.. Alameds-
MASQUERADE coJtumrt. pl»T JS^'fwTfvV
country orders. GOLDSTEIN * CO.. TO Mfct.
DR. LAMOTTE # S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c; all druggists.
MME.HOPKIXS' new discover/ for rheumatism:
positive cure. 9C6 Market, offlce M. M floor.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to lta natural color: $1: »t all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AXP SCRQCO3S.
DR C C O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence,
1021H Marketst.. between Slxtb an* SeveatluMiss G B Clark. Ls An
A K Orr, Vlsalla
A M Baldwin, Mass
J W Roje. Henldsburg
Ml«s S, Uenouf. Mex .
J F Moy«r. . r >rr.Ter. '
A Mad3-»n. San Jose •
H E O'Brien. I>os Ang
G Smith. Duluth
T B Smith. Du!uth
\V E Roie, Ia>B Ang
G S VW.ermnn. Cal
D M AJains, Bakcrsflii
W F "wick, Seattle
H B Gill, Fresno
J B Lang. Photnix
O Schwl.in, Tlurcn
E B To— ner A " . Cal
AW MalM»y. Concord
J Hawes & w , Colo
W H W»stcott. Alaska
Dr P Frank. -Wanh
.1 R E1»on - w. Wash
O Jarnes & w. Wash
Miss J 8tone. Afhland
S C Mayer, C>1
Mrs A :<i ¦ BJgr.s. ¦ Napa
Mies B0KK3. Napa
T A Willson. Alaska
Mrs G; Manly. Ls Ang
E J Palmer A w. B C
W F Jameson, Cal
H McLemmon & w.Cal
; J Klnney. New York
ER Mills. New York
W R Laugenour. Cal
• W C Barrett _ w. Cal
; F Chaff ee & w, Albany
C Dunphy, Cal
Mrs O P Wilson. Clnn
O Grunsky. Stockton
TV J Davis. Sta Rosa
I Mrs A H Bavag*. Ark
ID McCormick & w. Cal
p Smith & w, Cloverdl
W P Thomas. Uktah
(A H Bpurr, LaJceport
WE Greene. Lakeport
C H Green, Upper Lite
S O Green, : Sonoma
J A McCabe. Cal v
J B Mulloy. Portland
L Obermey«r, Seattle .
Mrs N Place. Stockton
W ¦ M Davis, Iowa
O W Crjstal. Vacavlll
T H Wood _ w. Suisun
Mrs Epperson, Sutter
••«nt t siitt» r
Miss Clement, Sutter
'PALACE HOTEL.
W H Raymond, Mont
\V A Hardy. Seattle
H Kendall, Mont
O Halford, ;B C
D C Lewis. Portland
G F Scott, Los Ang
C B Knox, NY
C Heane, i IA* Ang •
C M.Insram, N Y •
F H Gow«n,.N T
WW Burton, S Barba
Mrs I, Blumauer, Or
Mrs F Lynlrt. -Wash r
P. Henahaw,' Chico 3
J H Kuhns. New M ,
F Ranson, • Orefron
L ntzpatrlck,' Oregon
3 Parsons, , Oregon,
C H Folxom, N T"
1 R Fleming, 8t Paul
C. Nelson, Mich- -'-
A H Hl»sln«, Cal
Mr» Hlsslns. Cal
A B Conn, ,Cal
\V r W Foote) Oakland '
S Nl^kimura, Japan
3 1 B Trevor, Ohio
t Mrs Trevor, Ohio
F ,W Boyle, Ohio
Mrs Boyle, Ohio ' .
' Mrs ' J Pitcher,. Wash
A Bet tens. Cal
S J Hopkins. ¦ Sacto^--
DrBR Ward, U^N
NEW 'WESTERN HOTEL
J Bourke, neno '•
W . _ • Thome/ Neb
¦ W E Thome, Neb . -
J M Ratts, Vlsalia '
G B Smith. Facto
I N Woolen. Neb
C : E Post> Michigan
T J O'Brien. Cal -
W B Emery, Seattle
R V Ball, Victoria •
C Bnck. Redding
W Chlnn, . Redding
GRAND HOTEI*
HOTEJL AJRBIVAXS.
PARIS. Jan. 1".— A duel with swords was
foupht "Wednesday between M. ;Urbain
Gohier, a well-known anti-mllltary writer
and author of "The Army Against the
Nation," and M. Latapie, a Journalist,
who considered himself Insulted by one
of M. Gohier's articles in the Aurore. M.
Gohier was severely wounded In the ab
domen during the first onslaught and the
duel was stopped.
During First Onslaught the Author
Is Wounded in the Abdomen
and the Duel Is Stopped.
GOHIEU AND LATAPIE
FIGHT WITH SWORDS
administratrix) to Martin Krotoszyner, lot on
t? line of Sutter ¦ street, 68:9 W of Polk, W
6S:9 by S ISO; J23.0O0.
Georpe W. and Sallie P. Harman to Charles
E. Hansen, lot on N line of Grove street,
1*1: 10% E of Baker, E 25 by N 137:6; J4500.
Adallne M. Epplnger (Bchimpf) to Henry
Brunner. lot on N line of Clay street. -29 W
of Brodeiick, W 27:3 by K 105; »10,000.
Margaret Pkalne to Patrick J. Donahue, lot
on S line of Carl street, 105 E of Wlllard, E
25 by S 137:6; J1500. .
Thomas J. Frazer to P. H. Flood, lot on N
line of Clay street, 137:8 E of Laurel, E 25 by
N 1!7:SU; JSOOO.
Kaspar Planz to Henry K., William L.', Marie
A. and Annie E. Planz, lot on NE line of Dore
street, 133 NW of Bryant, XW 24 by NE SO;
gift. -¦ :
W. W. Chase to W. W. Chase Company (cor
poration), lot on W line of Mission street, S3
N of Twenty-flrst. N 20 by W 163; $10,000.
Elvira C. Hewitt to Conolly Conn, lot on X;
line of Cumberland street, 75 E of Dolores,
E 25 by N 114; $3000.
Vlncenzo and Carmela Barletta to Francesco
and Filomena Cava. lot on W line of Sonoma
place, 67:6 S of Union street, 8 20 by W 37;
12500. \
James Larson to Catherine Larson, lot on
NE line of First street, S6:6 NW ot Folsom,
NW 23:6 by NE 137:6; gift.
Mary E. Hanrro (Solomon) to Emlle Boesch,
lot on SB line of Jessie street, 405 SW of First,
SW 28 by SE 87:6; $5000.
Hannah E. Gannon to William T. and Mary
A. Baker, lot on NW line of Minna' street, 150
NE Of Sixth. NE 25 by NW SO; $6500.
Oustave J. C. IlnKermann to Oljra O. E. M.
Undermann (wife), re-record 1763 D 97, lot on
NE line of Garden (Harriet) street,. 75 NW of
Bryant. NW 100 by NK 75; gift. f
San ' Francisco Land Company (corporation)
to Albert C. Auger, lot on W line of Tenth
avenue. 175 S of California street, S 25 by W
l_0; *900.
f John A. Walton to Jacob Heyman. lot on E
line of Thlrty-elfthth avenue, 125 N of R street,
N 25 by E 120; »1000.
John Ntghtlngrale to Domlnlo F. Roberto, lot
on W line of Forty-eighth avenue, 289:3 N of
S street. W 35:9*4. NW 181:7%, E 13:10%, SE
163:6%: Jl.
William C. and Sarah J. Homerton to Edjrar
L. and Emma M. Ireland, lot 65, Gift Map 3;
J20OO.
William and Christina M. Forbes to Jose
phine M. Kelly, lot on S line of Sairamore
street. 290 E of Capitol avenue, E 60. S to
San Jose avenue. SW 60 by N 241:10; $1500.
; J ;/;> Builders' Contracts. ' ¦
Amy Landers (owner) with E. P. Hoff (con
tractor), architects William Mooser & Son —
Removing present front and all work for bnild-
Inir new front to store in buiiains at 143 Post;
$1172 75. ¦
Antonio and Dora Pcalione (owners) with J.
T. Melnnls (contractor), architect Thomas J.
\\>i g h— All work except plumbing and gasfit
tlnfr for a two-Ftory attic and basement frame
building, with brick foundation and two-story
frame barn on W line of Vlcksburg street, 65
S of Twenty-third, W 117:6 by S 80. H A 86;
93940. •
Same owners with J. F. Noonan (contractor*),
architect same— Sewering, plumbing and gas
fit ting for same on same; $1150.
Emporium and Oolden Rule Basaar (owners)
with M. E. Stanford (contractor), architect
Albert Plssls— All work except elevators and
electric wiring for a four-story and baeement
brick building on NW line of Mission street.
275 NE of Fffth, thence along NW line of Mis
sion 37:6, NW 90, NE 25, NW 70, 8W 62:«, SB
160; $36,660. _,_
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTTIOKTS.
Estate of Busan H. Faull (by Mary A. Faull,
Director of Trust • Company.
'. NEW YORK. Jan. 17.— John W/Griggs.
Attorney . General of ,the ', States,
was elected a director, of the .Trust Com
pany of America to-day to fill a vacancy
on the board. •
Kansas Poultry Show. :-',:¦}
KANSAS CITT, ; Jan." 17.— The third . an
nual show of the ? Kansas City, Fanciers'
Poultry. Pigeon and Pet Stock Association
opened here to-day with 4000 entries. Many
fine specimens of Belgian hares are shown.
Supervisors of a Kansas City Refuse
to Attend Meeting and Execu
tive Resigns.
HIAWATHA. Kans.: Jan. 17.— Because
a majority of the City Conncilmen refused
to leave a revival meeting. and attend the
regular weekly Council meeting. Mayor S.
Hunter has tendered his resignation. Un
able to secure a quorum' to transact busi
ness. Mayor Hunter sent a Sheriff to the
revival meeting to compel the Councilmen
to present themselves at the City Hall. A
majority sent. word that the# "had to at
tend the revival and could not come."
Changes in Union Pacific Office.
OMAHA, Jan. 17.— The announcement
was made at Union Pacific • headquarters
to-day that J. H. Lathrop, formerly gen
eral agent of that road at Portland. Or.,
has been appointed general. Eastern agent
of . the * Portland " ; and Asiatic . Steamship
Company,* a subordinate property : of the
Union Pacific, with ; headquarters In - New
York City. : Mr. Lathrop has held posi
tions of responsibility with the Union Pa
cific for many years, bavins served In dif
fernt departments over, the entire system.
ATTEND RITVIVAI, AND
NEGLECT THE MAYOR
juredybut None Fatally.
HILL.I ARD, "VV'yo., Jan. 17.— Union Pa
cific train No. 1 was wrecked near here
by a broken truck Wednesday afternoon.
Six cars were derailed and two cars were
thrown over an embankment. t
The following persons were Injured, but
none will die: Frank W. "Wood of Day
ton, left arm broken; Patrick Maroney of
Denver, Colo., left arm broken; H. M.-Co
hen of ' Denver, Colo., groin bruised and
arms cut: Mrs. Charles Aubery and Mrs.
Francis H. Wertheimer of San Francisco,
slight injuries; A. Lamb of Clinton, Iowa,
Edward Taggart of Grand Rapids, Mich.,
Charles Cook of Pine Bluffs, Wyo., 8. C.
8pinks. W.-RIce, J. Wallen, F.. A.
Wheeler of Ogden, Utah, scalp wounds
and bruises: 8. D. Wait© of Bellville, 111.,
contusion of left side of head.
UNION" PACIFIC TRAIN
IS WRECKED IN WYOMING
Cars Go Over an Embankment and
Many Persons Are Seriously In-
Governor of Santo Domingo Sends
Notice 'to the Manager of the •
Improvement Company.
SANTO DOMINGO. via Haytian
cable, Jan. 17.— The Governor has
demanded that the resident di
rector of the Santo Domingo • Im
provement Company officially withdraw
his notice of January 15 declaring null
and void the Government's disposition and
collection of customs duties and reserving
the company's rights against all mer
chants who pay duties to the treasury,
also Informing the director that In case
of hi* refusal to do so his passport will
be given him.
The. refusal of the improvement com
pany officials to sign liquidations for cus
toms duties will cause the suspension of
the payment cf salaries . In the case of
some of the Government officials.
The Chamber of ! Commerce is paying
duties to. the treasury. The Government
Is firm in the stand it has taken.
Dealers' Association Takes
Action. C'J^
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 17.— A resolution
directed at trusts was adopted at to-day's
session of the annual convention of the
"Western Implement and Vehicle Dealers*
Association. It reads: ,
"Owlngr to the appearance of trusts in
many forms of business, prices being de
creased and our profits cut off, to the
great detriment of dealers and consumers
alike, and realizing that If the trust sys
tem is allowed to grow it will be only a
short time until it will reach us, not only
in our basines3 directly, but by depriving
the agricultural classes of their just dues,
lt Is resolved that this convention con
demn such trusts and their- methods,
and ¦ we ask our representatives «ln Con
gress that they take such aciion as will
prevent the formation of trusts, or will
properly regulate them."
Other resolutions adopted indorse the
rqeolutlon of the National Association of
Retail Dealers against catalogue houses;
condemn the action of manufacturers and
jobbers- who advertise net prices in trade
papers and by postal card, and In the mat
ter of the personal check . system recom
mend that all remittances be made v to
manufacturers In par exchange instead of
checks. . -
J. W. Paulen of Fredonia, Kans.. was
elected president for the ensuing year and
A: C. Acres of Norman, O. T., vice presi
dent.
1 ?
MTJST PAY DUTIES OB
RECEIVE PASSPORT
Western Implement and Vehicle
RESOLUTIONS ADO-TTED
/ DENOTTNC-NG TRUSTS
The natives have effected a complete
organization of their force by amalgamat
ing their two leading organizations with
the. Independent Home Rule party, which
elected Robert W. "Wilcox to Congress at
the last election.. Delegates from the other
Islands held a convention on the
Sth and 9th lnst. By a unanimous reso
lution the Aloha Aina and the Kalalalna
-societies were merged Into the Home Rule
party. . This union means that all of the
discordant forces among the natives have
been satisfactorily settled and they have
already begun to gefready to hold the
political power which they secured at the
November election;. D. Kalauokalanl,
who was elected Territorial Senator, wa3
chosen president of the Home Rule party
for two years. Various committees were
selected.
The matter has not as yet been brought
to the attention of the authorities, but
there is a strong suspicion of even foul
play connected with the death of Naone.
The natives possess receipts for ¦ making
strong vegetable poisons, which were, In
days gone by, administered by the ka
hunas to the people whom they wished
dead. A death certificate giving the cause
of demise as congestion of the brain was
signed by the white physician, but the
correctness of this diagnosis has been
questioned. 'Naone died either from the
effects of poison administered nurre'pti
tiously by the kahuna or else the fear
that he was being prayed to death by the
native witch doctor drove the man to his
death.
HONOL.UX.T7. yian. 10.— In the recent
death of Daniel JL. Naone, a prominent
Hawaiian, many natives believe thev
recognize evidence of the power of the old
witch doctors to . bring death upon their
enemies. Naone was one of the most ad
vanced of the llawalians and after the
overthrow of the monarchy accepted the
political faith of the whites. For this act
he gained the resentment of many of his
race. About the middle of December
he was told by a "kahuna." which is the
native name for a witch doctor, that there
was a red devil sitting on his right shoul
der and he would die. In spite of the fact
that he had embraced the Christian reli
gion. Naone became terror-stricken and
on December 21 took to his bed. claiming
that his right side was paralyzed. This
was the Identical side on which the ka
huna had declared the red devil was Bit
ting. A physician was called and he dis
covered that the patient was not suffering
from paralysis, for on the second day
Naone was able to move about in bed and
talked of going back to his work. He
had improved on the thl»l day. The fol
lowing day, which was December 24, a
kahuna was allowed to visit the patient
during the absence of the white physician.
A second visit was paid on Christmas day
by the native witch doctor. What he said
to Naone is not known, but lt must have
been to repeat the threat of death, for
Naone seemed to lose all hope and when
the doctor returned It was to .find Naone
past all hope of recovery.
Sis Shoulder and His
Doom Was Sealed.
Takes to His Bed Upon Being Told
a Bed Devil Was Seated Upon
Mysterious Demise of Daniel
Naone, a Native Ha
waiian.
WITCH DOCTOR
CAUSES DEATH
Then ex-Judge Francis Scott led in the
summing up for the defense. He was
followed by Michael 'Dunn. Their ad
dresses were very similar. They declared
that no case had been made out against
"Walter McAlister. William Death and
Andrew Campbell. They ridiculed the ex
pert testimony and branded the hackman,
Sculthorpe. as' a man of the lowest type
and of the basest motives. They main
tained that. the story told by him was
not supported by evidence and that It was
a lie. Mr. Scot: made a. point that If Scul
thorpe's story were to be believed at all,
he should be a v prisoner accused of par
ticipation In the crime. Mr. Scott was
arguing that the State had failed to prove
its first count, that of assault, when
Judge Dixon Interrupted him. saying:
"Before you proceed I want the Jury to
understand that if chloral were given, i r
if a person were struck or choked In order
to accomplish the assault, the poison or
violence Is a part of the assault. The
Jury must not be misled on that point."
Counsel for the defense asserted that
chloral had not been administered to the
girl. The defense maintained that it had
not been proven that any of the defend
ants had purchased chloral or that the
bottle, -alleged to have been found near
the dead girl, belonged to any of the pris
oners. They declared that none of th-;
medical testimony offered had shown that
the girl had been assaulted. It is be
lievea that the case will go to the Jury
to-morrow afternoon. ' " .
Mr. Shaw, in summing up, claimed that
the State had proven its case and that
Ha every contention had been sustained.
He denounced the accused, who, he said,
had taken the girl out to do her to death
like a dog-.. He demanded that the jury
render such a verdict as the ¦ law and
the evidence demanded— one of guilty In
the highest , degree. .**
PATEESON, N. J., Jan. 17.— For the en
tire session to-day opposing counsel In
the Jennie, Bosschleter murder trial ap
pealed to the jury. Assistant Prosecut
ing Attorney Ralph Shaw began the sum
ming up for the State. It was expected
that Mr. Emley would do this, but ne
merely offered in evidence the undergar
ment said to have been. a 'part of Jenn's
Bosschleter's wardrobe.
Prosecuting Attorney Demands That
the Jury Bender a Verdict of
, Guilty in the Highest /.V.
Degree.
Trial of Jennie Bosschitttr's
Assailants Drawing to
a Close. .
WILL SOON GO
TO THE JURY
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 18, 19O1 .
13
U.VRP.OX- In this city. Januaxy 17, 1901, Dw-
"^Vi^r;?- 1300^ Property for cash; mutt be
rergatn. a. H. SPECK _ CO.. 667 Market.
KEA *' ESTATi: C1TV KUIC SA»-.G-
HAVE you & ne_un»^irea residence either oa
Ouerrero, Pan Jose ave.. Church. Chatta-
r°°5*-. £— r °- k * or croes rtreeta. not be-
yond I4th. that is modern built that you axe
2£Ulr.g to eell very cheap? Then ca" on
™- 3. GCNN. m Calircrnla *t.. between
Moatcomery and Kearny.
HAVE you a residence or a lot that you —ant
to sell en «ny ot the streets between v aien-
clt. Etacher. 14tli and _th et*? Then caU
en the unfitrsitnM anfl he mar «•" u Ior
you. W. J. GUNN, L20 CaUfornla st.
I*" you have property north of the Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then call on w. j.
GUXN. ES3 California st.
POR sale— An exc*rtionnl barra'.n la that ele-
gant 10-room up-to-date residence. ..d J- Oie
nt.; new; elegantly deoorated; open daily.
MODERN* hrwws bollt; lnwe<t &***i&gS*£*
wt!ntt» furr.lfhed. Cajr.P^Ii. U«. Mission.
HEAL ESTATE: conTRT Vor S_l»
A "SNAP"— Pecu'tar circumstances cause own-
er to earrinre at half actua! valu- OJi acresi
<mifrht subdivide, very }**t land and location
tn the '-lcnely N'ar- Valley. • adjoin'.nir R. R.
ftation. near yarn. CMy and fteamer landing,
within free mail delivery; all highly cultivat-
ed level loatn. new in crop; not inch of waste;
¦ unequaled for fruit, vine*, corn, lovely home:
¦ ha» rented for S10 arre: ofTered for J60: could
- _ct tmy nd.i'-iintr.s land far less than J150.
• ¦ RTSMEMBKR-I -~ accurately acquainted
Trlth more couDtry vrcpmy for sal« and cx-
chanre than all other agents in B. F.; WXI
T_nch«>» on my list. State what's wanted
¦ rd set reTinble descriptions of barsair.s.
VS. D. ?ICKEI-S. the Land Ajrent, < Geary et.
CALL on MARION GRIFFIN. 71$ Market tt.:
ohlcken ranches, orchards, general farms and
rtock ranches; reverml hundred all over State;
rrlrtd lists. I ray buyers car fare.
J3 AN acre, 160 acres, deeded homestead: clear
creek land, for vegetables; Coos Co.. Oregon.
M. GRIFFIX. 719 Market, nr. Call building.
"•RITE J. ¦W'.~HORx7?i: Main at., Petaluma.
fcr Tree copy of Sonoma County real estate
fcanrair.*.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA KEAL ESTATE.
realT KFTA^n"Turrrc>rTAL9" "
SATURDAY, Januarj' 19. 1901.*at 4 P- tn.
Salesroom. K>01 I'ark st.. Alameda.
The. rollowlng; collection of houses and lots
are to be sold r*-panllefa of value; most of
them b»!or.«; to estates and must be eold. If
you derire a home thl? Is a chance you may
rot cet acajn for f<om« time.
ICo. 1 — Executors* eal*-: choice piece of Park
ft. r^op^rty will be snld regardlees Of Park tl.
values: lot Sf_luO; house of 7 rooms; Park et.,
rn'i.r Clemer.t ave.
No. 2— Fir*t-r!a«s riei-e of rroperty, situated
Jn the warm b<-lt of Alameda: convenient to
train? and earn; fine 7-room houise.; 2308 Lin-
coln B ve. ; lot JKbc".35. Terms can be arranged.
No. S— Fine residence lot. .VhtliO; Central ave..
r— ar HiKh ft.: by ordtr of the Alameda Bank.
Term* part each.
N'o. 4 — ACminiMrjitors' rule cf choice re»i-
«««>nce lrt. CT:*:*;*"; on Pearl «., near Santa
ria<-a ave. T\*i!l pubt'.ivide. Terms can be
p.rrar.ped. . .
N" 5— Administrator** sale of 4 cottars _nd
lot* »-n Bank »t.. Wtwh O«k and Park: also
rr." lrt on Oak et.. opiK5Flte City Hall. Terms
part each.
S-n. fr-Reautiful lot. rfxlSO; is Fltuat»d in the
fre=t location in Alameda: on Central ave..
-e»r rhestnut «.. netw-een broad »nd narro-w-
gau.ee depots. Owner nive* tnytructlons to eel!
rn toy bid. Prnal! cash payment.
No. T — <v>ttae» and 1 »t. a-jutheast corner Post
«nd Madison ft*. ; al«o lot ndJoininK; must be
*<-ld on account of owner reins Ea;t.
No. *— Admini«tratorj>' wale. Beautiful cot-
tape of 5 room* and bath; lot 50x150; located
la the —arm belt ; C?S» Johnson_ ave. . Tenns,
N". S — fine lot, iAvlbC; on Blanding ave.,
r'ar Park st.
No. 1"— Fine modern T-room house and lot;
f-yri l^aticn: 1S2? Enei^Rl ave., near Lafayette
Ft. : near CheMnut «. station.
J. A. MVXRO Ar <~X>.. Auctioneers.
T5"l Park et., Alameda,
T*'«>rhcme Grand T7B «
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
V."E cfTer elegant *-j!te ot rooms and board tn
f?>ct pn^'ate home in Alameda to refined
<-<-i;rle: re^erencer retjujred. Bog SS3. CalL
OAKLAXJUDTERTISEMENTS.
UFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAM) REAL ESTATE.
j:r^-PAYMENTS SAME AS RENT-K400.
A nearly n»w coltwilal i>tyle oottasre of 6 rooms j
• nd every rno<jern convenience; enameled bath,
etc., etc.; lot above Ftreet _rad»; nice open (
'awn; «re*t work all done; etone walke laid. '
etc.; electric cam 1n front; espy walk to local :
rtation; this is hank property; liberal discount
ior soot cash; see it at once.
GEO. W. AUSTIN _ CO..
The House Rpr.ters.
I net Droadway. f>akland.
OAKLAND HOUSE- TO LET.
OAKLAND HOUPErTFoir RENt!
fIS per month for a year: reference required:
fn> ri^/iern R-poomed home in Piedmont, partly
*iirrl»hetf, inclnijirit carpet*: larp'' lot; nice
ir^rneri; ne«r rlectrir cars; price greatly reduced
to secure dioice cf tenar.t*.
TTpr^r f-at of S rooms, on Eighth rt.. r.ear lo-
cal station: most convenient location for Fan
Frar.ciseo; low rent to right party.
GEO. W. AfSTIN * CO..
The House Renters,
jnns. Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLA5TD FinXITURE FOR SALES.
AX introduction to you from II. Schellhaas. the
furr.iture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOl'SEI-B—PIXG.
TXI.IS. 1U7— Uou»ekp«: nicely fur. front room,
¦«!th kitchen attached; bath, yard and grate.
HOWARD and Twenty-*«vond— t'ttfurnlshed.
»n elegant parlor; running water; kitchen;
- . - - or coal ftoie; bath; laundry; fl! DO; no
¦ children. Box 1132, C"all office.
HTHE. 40k_ Funny front alcove vufte; complete
for housckeeyenit : no children;- JM.
_IrALLIi-TER, SMtl cor. Ontral ave.— 2 nicely
"fum. room? for houyekps, |g; running water.
MIFFIOX. r<«V— FYont room and kitchen, com.
iplete for housekeepinjs.
OAK. IIS— One very aunny room, furnlohed for
housekeeping; Ftove. cloeet. water; JS.
SECOND. J]2— Neatly furnished rooms; clean
and respectable; reasonable.
CEVENTEENTH. SC59— $?: sunny front room
complete for licht housekeeping; one person.
FTOCKTOnI WJ-Nicely furnished tunny
rooms; einrle or eulte; also housekpg rooms.
VAN* NESS ave.. 1401 anfl 14C«. NTT. cor Bush
— Elerant s-ur.r.y suite* and apartments for
housekeeping; private baths; telephone; elec-
~. trie lights; sun ail day: gas ranges; running
water in every room; will be arranged, clean-
«d. painted and newly furnished to suit.
T\"IL_OW, 18. eff Larkln. near Ed'dy— 2 rooms
for general housekeeping: t_.
CLASS JUKI.) advertlaements and subscriptions
received at Call Branch cJflce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH efflce for Call advertisements and
rur,*crip_cr.s has been established at 10S*
Valencia ttreet. -" '"r
• ROOMS TO LET — Fora, nnd Infarn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 821 Qrant ' -re^Beit "_"„•
Ttr a <3ay family hotel in rtty; polite attend- ,
*nce; large room»; modern conveniences;
room* 60c up; Crtt-clats meals 25c; free coach.
A-BRI-NS-ICIC Houm. 14? Slxth-^Rooms 15<i
• ta Jl P**r right: tl 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all eight.
ETTRNETT. U2t Market (old No mo—For^
r-ifhed rm«.. suites, tingle; alto unfurnished.
Bt'SH. £20 fThe E:k)-Nlcely furnished funny
rrct; day ZSc up: »- »i X.0 up. ai r> . p. R_nft.
ELLIS. £71— rum. rooms; prlv. famHy; modern
JmprovemenU ; rhone; owner occupant; refs.
¦ CRAN'D SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mlefion et«. — Runny rooms, en suite or
tingle; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GEARY. 4C3(The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
!—;•: suites or single: travelers accommodated.
"WANTED— A couple to occupy a large newly
furnished room In a private house: modern
. «c:T>mmo<?atlon»; phone, g%e, running water,
I aih. otc. ; very desirable location on Halght
tt. Box 1212. Ca!I offlcc.
LAS PAL1I AS. 1K0 Market et-— Suite of i or I
rro«; private; bath; sin. rms; board optional.
LKWIS place, IS. oft Taylor, near Post— Fur-
nished and unfurnished room* to let; single
¦or en aulte.
McALLTFTER. "*&tS furnlfhed rooms, 1 house-
- kesplng; Lath, cas; reasonable.
SJcALLISTER. 471— _Uck parlor and single
ro^m; tuItaWe fcr gentlemen., ¦•
NEW ARLINGTON. IMS Market tt.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 25c a day up. ;
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunn/ furnished rooms and
nr_."es; clevetor; electric lighu; day, wk., mo.
TOFEDAT.E House. S19-S21 Ellin St.— Rooms.
m.t-hi. ;¦-*-. t_ J_ week. $1 23 to |4; cpea nithu
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
? >
I Quick ' I
I and I
I Comfortable :
+ ; ) +
+ -*•
t — — ' :
+ She's fast, >
but charming. %
+ To know hei* Is to <+
+ know the limit — : »
? ?
I California I
I Limited ;
_y3 ON JHB SANTA FE "_
? +
MWVTNKRJI rAViriC rOHNIT.
•>:v ; (r.ciric sun ¦«*.)
Tr-lao !•»*• mwI nr*. _««• ••» *rrl** ••
NAM »lt* M r li«t>.
(Main Line, Foot ot Market S«n«_)
lkatb — From January 1, 1301. — aXftivs
?:3«A Banida, Suisun. El_ir». V*oa»_I».
Ramsey and SMX»ni«uto TiiMr
- 7:39a Davis, Woodland. KnlghU Laadiog,
M_7iTilie. Oroiille. 7:15c
1 :3O» Atlantic Kxpress-Ogden sad East I2.I-V
H:O«A Martinez. Suilliim n. Wuoju. S»l*.
<"alla»>g- anU 3aata Rosa «il»r
S:O«_ !7Ues. I_Ter_or«, Tncj. Lathrop.
Stockton ¦»»»»»>
•:30a Shut* 1 iprtu-Daiis. Wi___t(tor
JUnlstt Springs). WUluws, R«i
Btu_, PorUamL 7i«3f
a,:l»» Bait Joae. l_«ermore, Hiuektou.
Iuna, HaeraiMenluk PlacnrvUI*.
Muristlltc Chleo. Uo.1 Jtluit 4.-l*r
SiSOa Oa«d»le. Chinese, Bouora. O_t«r»... 4:1.1?
»:••* Haywanls. NHrs and Way ritatiuni. I 1 1 !•"»«
IttlUi L os Angsles _xi>r_a — Martinez.
Tracy, 1_> tbrop, atookton. Mercml
>'re«i!O »ml Lcs Anjeles 7il.1r
UiSOA ValMo, Martinez »uu Wnf Station* &:l*r
I»:«Oa Th« OferUu.l l.iuiied-Ogi_ii. Don-
*er, Omaha. Chicago •:-*.lr
lt:Otk NUea. Btockton. Sacramento. Men-
.lota. Fr-sno, Il_afurd, VlmlU.
Porterfillo ««••"»'
IIiOOa Lhermore. 9»og»r. Goabon Jon*
tlon. B-kenlleld, Los Angele*
tl:*Or Sacra— onto ISUer Stmmota fS'««*
-Troop Haywards. Nile* ami Way Station*. »i4Sr
¦liWWr Martinet, Han lUinou. Valldjo.
Nap*. Call**'**. ttaiiU Kom WiM»
••..•or Beulda. Wtnterm, 8»eram«nlo.
Woutllami, Knight* Landing.
MarysTlllr. <>rn«ill» ta:4.1*
4«3»p Haywi _d». MtoaanA HanJoae 1* ! *2*
3:OOr Mies, Ll»ermore, Stockton. Lodi ... 10«I3a
oStOOrSa— et Limited, El Pmo, J»ew
Orleans and J_al «1»i1Sa
SiOOrThe O*l limited— Timer, riesno.
Bakersfleld. San gas for Sauta Bar-
bara,U»AB««l«a ••. 1»«I5a
StOttpNew Orleant Eiprea-Hakewfleld.
SanU Barbara, Los Angelem, Ue_-
tnc SI Fuo. New Orleans and
_ut 7i«J»4
<l:Q«r Haywardi, Nllei and San Jo»o .?•*?*
)S:OUr Vallojo M*M»
««««r Oriental llau-Og-den. Chejennt.
Omaha. Chicago 13:13p
•i*«r Oriental Mall—Ogden, Denver.
Omaha. Cnioxgo. 4ilSp
?i«Or Oregon and California Kxprru.Ha*
rameiitii. M_iiill!e. Itnl.lin*,
Portlantl, Tuget Hound ami Kaat «il3i
li«Sr8_ Pablo. P.tt Costm. Martinea
and Way Stations *_'i'**
I»l«Jr Vallflo 7 »* 5 r
tOAST l»l VISION (5»rr«rt «a«ne).
(Foot ot Market 3tre<t.>
• »I»A Newark. (>ntertille,8mo Jose. Keltnn.
Boulder Cmk.HaHta Oiui and Wa»
SUUous .^ ••— ••* l> »
tail Sf Kewark. Cententin*. Sail Jose Ifsw
AlmadeD, Fsltoa, Rnnlder Creek.
8ant» Cnix and Principal W«i
Stations ••••»••
<il.1p Newark. S»nJos<».Lo«G«U>« S^^a
aV:30r Hnnten' Exeunlon, Ban Jos« and „__
1 WayStatioM I«»»«>y
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rriaSlI rilXCISCO— rut «f Mirkil SlrntiSli? D-
t7:15 9;0O 11:00*. ¥. 1:83 3:33 ICJ'.".
rriaflttUID— rni«fBr»«iw.j.— t«:M %9M t8«»
10:00*.-. 113 2:C3 t:S3 3:lBr.i«.
COAST DITUlOa (Br«H«««f»).
?-^v." . (Third and Townaemt SU )
t«: 1 »» Ocean View. South Sao Francisco.. |tt::twr
7:»«A San Jom »¦¦•! Way 8tatit>ns (N» »
Alinadwi Wadneidajioiily) I«»»P
••••• Hat> Jose. Tres Pinos. Haiita Cfn«.
Pa-iilo <lro»«. Paso Kubles. 8aa
I.ula O»iIsp<k Snrf. Lompoc mud
Pri»eip«l Way Station. J''? r
I •!«•»» 8an Jose and Way Stations Z'i!_ 4
I Ii.IHa rJau Jose and Way SUtlons ' »<30P
fV-.-iSr San Mateo. Kedwoot). Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, .-uuta Clara. 8a» .lose.
Tr«» Pinos. Smuta Crin. Salloaa.
Mootereyand Paciflc Oro»e IIwiIWa
t«tS>p San Jose aud Way 8UU01.S _ >3»r
, t«:lSr San Jose aud Pilncipal Way Stations •:«3«
13:U0r 3an Jos*. Los Oatoa and Principal
WaySt-tions f 2 ! «*
3tSOp8anJossan.l Principal Way Stations Jij"*
O:::opSan Jos* aud Way Stations |J:ow»
gll»<»p8an Josaan.1 Way Statiiws *i3Or
A for Morning. P t or A I ternobn.
|«nnday e«eer4ed. I b_o4a» «*_y.
f Mondajs, W«dn_daj«, FrMaji .
c Tuesdays, Thundaja. S— wlaj- "•
a Saturday only. ¦ .-' ~
CALIFORNIA N03TBVESTEBX RT. CO.
t .T~cg^TTrw;
SAN FRAHCISCO AND 'HC8TH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market S-
8an Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBURON FEKKY-FOOT OF MAKKKT ST.
•WE_K DATS— 1:30, 9:C0. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35. l:3u.
»:10. 1:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at U:3»
p. tn. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60 and
11:30 d. rn.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:10. 1:30. 5:00.
(:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco. -' -.
WEEK DAYS— •:_>. 7:50. »:20. 11:10 a. ra.; 12:45.
t:40. 5:10 p. ra. Saturdays—Extra trips at l:ii
and 6:25 p. rn.
STJN DATS— 8:10. >:«}. 11:10 — m. ; 1:40. 1:40. 1:05,
• :U p. m.
Between Saa Francisco" and SchueUra Park.
same schedule as abov«.
Lrtvt I In Effect I Arrtv*
Saa Franelaco. I Not. 7. 1900. \ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I ( Snn- | Week
Day*. I days. [ Destination. | days. | Days.
I :M am t:0* am N<— ato. 110:40 am) 1:4* in
1:30 pm »:S0am Petaluma. 1:06 pm 10:3 tm
»:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. ! 7:C pm| >:C pm
Fulton.
T:W am Windsor. U:S am
/ Healdsburr.
Lytton.
Oeyserrlll*.
t:SO pm 1:00 am Cl«~erdal». T:M pm •:_> pm
7:» ami I Hopland I
I 8:00 am{ and Uktah. | 7:M pm{ 1:9 pm
7 JO am - J I 110:33 am
8:00 am Gtwrnevllle. 7:SS pml
» 10 pro 1 t-.q pm
7:30 am 1:00 am Sonoma 1:15 ami S:40am
and
8:in pm 5:00 prn Glen Ellen. «:C5 prr.l 8:13 p—
1:V) ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am!10:» am
1:30 pm| 5:00 pm) Sebaatopol. I 7:35 pm| «:C pro
Stages connect at Santa Rosa fer Mark West
Eprinxa and White Sulphur 8prtn_s: at Fulton
(or Altrarla: at Lyttoa for Lytton Springs; at
Ceyservlll* for SXana Sprtnjrs; at Qor erdal»
fer the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
8prin*s. Highland Spring-. KelseyviIIe. Carls-
bad Bprlncs. Sod— Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
8prlr.es; at Uktah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
eprlEfS, BIu« Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Bpriogs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Rlrerside. Lleriey*9, Buclraeirs.
Sanhedrin H»Uhts. Hullvtlle. Orr*s Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Brags. Westport. l'i»i.
WUletts, Laytonvtlle. Cummlngs, Bell's Sprm_x
Harris. Olsens, Dyer, Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
teyond San Rafael at hall rates.
Ticket office, (SO Market it.. Chronic!* build-
in, R. X RYAN. '
H. C. WHIT1NO. . O«B. Pass. A__
Oen. Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
_e_vea San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DATS 9:13 a. m.; 1:43 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS S:00, 10;C0, 11:30 and 1:15 p. m .
Fare* San Franelaco to Summit and return,
St 4).
NEW TAVERS OF TAMALPAIS NOW OTTEX.
T1rV»r nfHt*** *n •v»^v»t «t.r f»aq»illtf> fwrr.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<>_{> HEARST ST. _stab_s_ed
In I «»54 foe the treatment of Privata
Di.ieaws. Lmt Mannood. Debility or
dNras<> wearlngrnn body and mind and
Skin Diseases. TneDoctoreore*— »ien
others fail. Try him- Clu«s7es tow.
)'nrr«cnsranlfrd. CaHorw rila.
Dr. J. T. UIBBOX, sail Francisco, C— .
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. and TJnfnrn.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, eraoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per eight. We to $1 50; week, V to
tS; month. $$ to {30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and ,co M nrater; baths. ;
S. F. ROOM-RENTING Bureau. 927 Market
st., room 2(4—300 choice rooms; free- list.
SACRAMENTO. -2633— A large nicely furnished
bay-window front room; private family; tlO.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. £36 A—; nice front rooms: "running
water; fireplace: furnished or unfurnished;
board optional; private German family.
SUTTER, 820*4— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated: single rooms. $S: suites. >1I to 125 mo.
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
AT the old Bterenson manflcn, opp. Grace
Church, with annex S07 California St., may
b» found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
TEHAMA. 217— Front room, grate, board for
two. ti5 each.
TURK. 123— Board and room. JSO; home cooking;
also single rooms.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable.- 415
First et.
ROOMS A.\D BOARD WASTED.
BOARD and room by young lady; terms mod-
erate; references. Box 1209, Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTKD — A bachelor apartment, consisting
of a sitting-room, bedroom and bathroom, in
a private house or nrst-claas apartment
house. Answer this office, box 1213.
BY gentleman and wife, no children, three or
four well furnished sunny rooms for light
hou»»keeping; or flat of not over 6 rooms;
references exchanged. Box 1165, Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice "that the following orphans, half-or-
rhans and abandoned children have been re-
celved Into the orphanage from July 1. 1900,
to Dec. 31. 1900: Bertha Wess, 11 yrs.; Fred-
erick. 4, and Ray O'Brien, 2 yrs. 9 mos.;
Cella. 4. and Willie Flynn. 2 yrs.; Mary Mc-
Laughlin, 11 yrs. 3 roos.; Mamie Mullaney, 7;
Ann Mullaney. 2 yrs. 1 mo.; Christopher Mul-
lanev. 5 yrs. ; Jim Power. 2 yrs. 1 mo. ; Violet.
6 yra.. and Bert RIppon, 4 yrs.; Irene Pel-
man, 3 yrs. 10 mos.; Mary Purdy, 6 yrs. 1
no., ard Alice Purdy. 1 yr. 6 mo.: Ethel, t
yrs.. end Clar Johnson. 8 yrs.; Maria Al-
baeh. S yr«. 1 mo.; Joseph. 5 yrs. 2 mos.. and
Julia Kennedy, 2 yrs. 10 mos. ; Hazel Adams,
11 yrs.: Llllle Albertlen, 7 yrs. 4 mos.; Annie
Deffechia. 9 yrs. 3 mos.: Hilda, 3 yrs. 10 moe.,
and Myrtle Deffechia, 2 yrs.; Joseph. 2 yrs. 4
mo*., Louis. 4 yrs. 10 mos.. Delia Jeffers. 19
yr*. ; Klwood. 5 yrs.. Howard. 6 yrs., . and
Maude Wesley, 3 yrs.: Rose Hurbert, S yrs.
4 mos.. Edwin. 2 yrs. 1 mo., and Rachel Vall-
vard. 1 yr.: Joseph MacCort. 6 yrs. 1 mo.;
Frank Hynes. 1 yr. 3 mos.. and Addle Hynes,
I yro. * mos.; Irene Moody, 8 yrs. 1 mo.:
Frank Balenjar. 6 yrs. : Joseph. 10 yrs. 10
mos., Luke, 4 yrs., and Fanny Vydan, 2 yrs.;
Eugene Glbbs, 1 yr. 6 mos.; Man'. 6 yra., Jo-
feph. 2 yr*.. and Margaretta Olsen. 5 yrs.:
Lillian Radcan, 7 yrs. 1 mo., and Laura Rad-
r«n. S yr*. 8 mos. ; Alfred Breilla. S yrs. ;
Willie O'Farrell. « yrs. 2 moe; Mary. 5 yrs.,
Ethel. 4 yrs. 10 mo?., and Kate Rowan. 3
yr*. 2 mos.: Eva Bony. 7 yrs. 11 mos. ; Ger-
trude. 4 yrs.. and Jim Daly. 2 yrs. 6 mos.;
Clara. 8 yrs.. and Mary I>onta, 8 yrs. ; George.
4 yr*.. and Hubert Kannfeld. 2 yrs. 2 mos.;
Fred Fraser. 6 yrs. 3 mos. ; Maria Schoofer, 10
yr*. : Man" Coonan, 4 yre. 7 mos.: May. 7 jts.
4 rros.. Joseph, 4 yrs., and Agnes Filling, <
yrs. « moo.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made.;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<15 Montgomery ft., rnornn j>-1fl: t»l. 5S8Q.
SEWHG MACHINES AJVD SUPrLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing ruaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 191S Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
fhuttles; reduced rates. 14S 6th: phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AJVD WAREHOUSES. '-
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office. Post and Powell m.; tel. Main 5713.
WILSOX BROS., storage and moving; covered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1310; shipping at cut rates.
TELEPHONES. '
TELEPHONES, house r-r private lines, U 50 a
ret; electrical work Installed. 1S36 Ft. Lobog.
TYPEWRITERS A.\D SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINsTn^ TTplEWRITEnS^W-i
sell better marhines for lefs money than any
houi«e in the city: rentals, *3. The Typewriter
Kxchange. 63S California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains in typewriter*; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
TV' Montgomery nt.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
I DI VliDEXD'VOTIc1£^ivrdend~NoI"1sf~« twen^
ty-nve cents per share) of the Hutchinson
Eugar Plantation Con:pany will be payable
at the office of the company. 327 Market St.,
Fan Francisco. Cal.. on and after Monday.
January 21. 1S01. Transfer books close on
Tuesday. January JS. 1S01. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS. ~~~
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., January 2. 1901 —
I SeaW<i r.ropo*a!s. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock, a, m., January
£2. IJr-l and then opened, for construction of
Hospital Steward s Quarters at Fort McDow-
ell. Cal. Government reserves right to reject
or accept any or oil bids in whole or in Dart
Prefrn-nce given to articles of domestic pro-
duction, conditions of price and quaiity <ln
eluding In the price of foreign productions the
duty thereon) being equal, and such prefer
ence given to articles of American production
produced on the Pacific Coast, to extent of con-
sumption required by the public service there
Information furnlnhed on application to j'
M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster Genl '
eral. Chief Q. M.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
• yosterdcy:
I Samuel M. Llpman. 24. 1340 Ellis street and
1 Iren» M. Le5f=er. 2L, Sacramento.
I James D. McFarland. 25. Point Arena, and
i Sarah V. Hitchcock, 22, Ounlala.
j James E. Logie. 22. 517 Kolnom street, and
J Ina O. Wnimore. 17. 43S Fourteenth street
'Jeonre W. Herbojn. 30. city, and Josephine
A. O-rrman, 2«. Ellenfburg. Wash.
U'illlam Isaacs. 27. 1129 Howard street, and
Minnie Adelson, 25. fl Moss otreet.
' Henry Strong, 23. 301 Fremont street, and
Mamie Jackson. 2«. 301 Fremont ftreet.
Walter N. Chord. 21. 42 Turk street, and
Dixie Walters. 19. 42 Turk street.
Pietro de Santi.- S4. 12 Ohio place, and Elvira
Pardini, 21. 12 Ohio place.
Arthur W. Rolph, 86, city, and Bulalia A.
Snyder. 20. city.
Frederick T. B. Mann, 41, city, and Alma
6. Crutchett. 45. city.
Glacomo Pellerano, 82. Colma, and Lulgla
Ferrecc'.a. 1?. Colma. •
David E. Dunne. 61. city, and Minna Zwicker,
40, city.
Paul Paschelke. 25, Isabel, Or., and Lizzie
Pioch. 22, Isabel, Or.
George Plum 23, 601 Post street, and Rosllt
Cordon, 20, 601 Po«t street.
Jose de Costa, 29, Nova to. and Carolina Bo-
ca.Tfa, IS. Novato. ~
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHIS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
lndori«ed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the 6a--»e published.
I BORN.
BOXICLD— In this city, January 13, 1901. to
the wife 0/ Jerry P. Bonlcle, a daughter.
HARVER— In FlorUton, January 6, 1901, to the
wife of B. H. Harver. a daughter.
PEVNIMAN— In this city, January I«. 1901,
to the wife of L. E. Penniman. a daughter.
~MARBIED.
ANDERSON'— MOORE— In this city, December
2S. 1900. by the Rev. C. G. Paterson. Harry
J. Anderson and Hester Maude Moore, both
cf San Francisco,
CORD— WALTERS— In this city. January 17,
1901, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
Walter I*. Cord of Ban Francisco and 'Dixie
Walters of St. Helena.
YOCUM-BAQNALL— In this city. January 9.
1901, at Grace Church, by the Rev, Mardon
D. Wilson, George A. Vocum and Gertrude
F. Bamall.
_____ _
narron. Declan McEvoy, Mary E.
Be_ton. John McGonlrle, Philip
Bell. Florence McI_Ulan. Charles D.
Brown, Nellie McMurray, Hugh
r'allaghan. Esther Mlghell. Alice J-;.
Clark. Frederick Nelson, Gertrude M.
•Cook, Jackson Nickel. EmlU
Corner, Charles W. O'Donnell. M_rg_ret
Crtsse. George . ¦ Plover, Patrick
Daly. Michael N Price. Isaac B.
Davidson. George 8. Reilly, Thomas W.
Dtngerfleld. Amelia Rischmuller. Mrs. B
Kngler, Anna T. Ryan, John
Koley. Dennis J. . Ryan, Thomas C.
Fox, Thomas Schmltz. Walter W.
Gayetty. Charles F. Scott. Cmru D.'
Ghiselll. Frank R. Smith. Jeanette L.
Hllpifcch. Jncob Thomson. William
I>e Clert, Theodore 8. . Tlmmons, " Mary
Little. Robert A. Whelton. Margaret
I»gan, Leta R. .Wlnkelman. Wm. D.
MeAnney, Bernard Zahn, R. George
• Henry Rischmuller, "a native ; of .Bremen.
- Germany, aged 89 years 6 months and 27
days.
t~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, January 20, at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of Mr. Fred Becker. 1353 Grove street.
Oakland. Interment Mountain View . Ceme-
tery. • •
RYAN-In this city. January 17. 1901. at his
residence, 209 Clara street, John, beloved hus-
band of Margaret Ryan, a native of County
Tlpperary, Ireland.
([^Notice of funeral hereafter.
RYAN-In this city. January 16. 190L Thomas
C. dearly beloved husband of Eliza Ryan,
and father of Thomas J., William I., Frank,
George H.; Elizabeth H.. Catherine ami Fan-
nie C. Ryan, Mrs. Margaret Tojettt and the
late James H. Ryan.
E7The funeral • will take place this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the family
residence. 1310 ©"Fan-ell street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, wtere
a reouiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery..
SCHMITZ — In - Puebla, Mexico, January 13,
1901, Walter W., dearly beloved son of Char-
lotte and the late Joseph L. Schmltr, and
brother of Eugene- E., Charlotte. Alvln,
Frank H. and Herbert L. Schmltz. a native
of San Francisco, aged 28 years and 1 day.
SCOTT— In this city. January 17. 1901. Emma
D.. beloved wife of Captain S. F. Scott of
St. John, N. B., and late of Vancouver. B.
C. .and second daughter of Captain E. J.
Locke of Halifax, Nova Scotia, a native of
Halifax, Nova. Scotia, aged 33 years and S
months. j
SMITH— In this city, January l«, 1901.' Jean-
ette Loretta, beloved daughter of Patrick and
Mary Smith, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 years 5 months and 4 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10:20 o'clock, from the- residence
of the parents, 345 Fremont street, thence to
Holy Cross Cemetery, via 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
. THOMSON— In - this city, January 16. 1901.
William, beloved husband of Hana B. Thom-
son, and father of Andrew W.. Edward J.(
William. Alfred. Emma, Dora and Mary
Thomson, a native of Norway, aged 73 years
, and 2 months.
(CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
. tend the funeral services this day (Friday).
; at 2 o'clock, at his late residence, 360 Bran-
nan street.
< TIMMONS— In this city, January 17. 1901.
¦¦ Mary, relict of the late Patrick Tinrmons,
' . and mother of Kate A., Mary E. and the
i late James and John J. Tlmmons. a native
i of Ireland, aged 60 years.
• E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1231 Filbert street, thenc* to St.
Brlgld's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
WHELTON— In this city. January 17, 1901,
Margaret, beloved daughter of Cornelius and
Honore Whelton. and sister of Cornelius,
Nellie and Ettle Whelton, Mrs. George K.
IJddle and Mrs. B. Forster, a native of
Portland. Or. .....
KTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1206 Buchanan street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van* Ness avenue, where
a requiem mass will he celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WINKELMAN— In this city, January 16, 1901,
William Diedrlck Wlnkelman, beloved son of
Mr. and Mrs. P. IL Roiffa (formerly Wln-
kelman), and brother of Mrs. A. H. Harms
and the late Fred Wlnkelman. a native of
San Francisco, aged 28 years and 4 months.
pTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 601 Hayes street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemeterj'.
ZAHX— In Applegate. January 18, 1901. R.
George Zahn. beloved husband of Lillian
M. Zahn, father of Muriel Zahn. and brother
. of Oljra Zahn, aged 29 years.
£7" Funeral and Interment private. No
CARD OF THANKS.
Mr*. Caroline M. Schlesselmann and fam-
ily desire to thank Concordia Lodge No. 122,
I. O. O. F., the Veteran Odd Fellows, the
. San Francisco Scnuetzen Verein, Hercules
Lodge No. 53, A. O. U. W., and their many
friends and acquaintances for the kindness
and sympathy extended them in their recent
bereavement. ¦ i
Ian Barron. beloved brother of Stephen. John.
Thomas, Michael, Mary. Bridget and Ellen
Barron, and - uncle of Stephen, Michael,
Jamea, Walter and Kato Barron. a natlv* of
Dungan-an,' County Waterford, Ireland, aged
24 years. . .
C~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Inylted to attend the funeral Sunday.
January 20, at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residtnee. 1205 Howard «tre«t. thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BEATOX— In Oakland, Januarv 17. 1901, John
Beaton, beloved father of Mrs., M. A. Mc-
Isaac, and brother-in-law of A. Mcliaac, t,
native of Nova Scotia, aged 70 years.
BELL— In this city, January 14, 1901, Flor-
ence, beloved daughter of the late Joseph
and Mary Bell, and sister of John, George.
Frank. Edward and the late Charles Bell,
Mrs. M. Turner, Mrs. K. Seres and Mrs. E.
Johnson, a native of San Francisco, aged 18
years and 4 months.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thii day
<Frld»y), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her sister. Mrs. K. Seres, corner Persia ave-
nue and —dlnborough street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. .
BROWN— In the City and County Hospital,
January 17. 190L Nellie Brown, a natlv* of
California, aged S9 years. -
CALLAGHAN- In the City and County Hospi-
tal, January 17, 1901, Esther Callaghan, a na-
tive of California, aged 18 years.
CLARK— In this city, January 17. 1901. Fred-
erick Clark, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
3% years. A member of Plledrlvers' and
Bridgebuilders' Union No. 1 of San Fran-
CiBCO.
(ETNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of Theodor Dlerks. undertaker.
857 Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth.
COOK— In this city, January 17, 1901. Jackson
Cook, beloved son of Charles and Lillian
Cook, aged 1 year and S months.
E~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:50 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 826 CFarrell street. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
CORN'OR — In Oakland. January 17. 1901.
Charles Wilson, husband of Mrs. F. H. Cor-
nor, and father of Mrs. H. O. Chappel and
Charles B. Cornor. a native of Ohio, aged 74
years 10 months and 26 days. A member of
Yerba.Buena Lodge, I. o. O. F.. of San
Francisco.
CRESS_— In this city. January 17. 1901, George,
dearly beloved husband of Mary Cresse. and
father of Joseph Cresse, a native ot Phila-
delphia, Pa., aged 55 years 2 months and 17
days.
DALY— In the City and County Hospital, Jan-
uary 17, 1901, Michael Daly, a naUje of Ire-
land, aged 58 years.
DAVIDSON— In this city. January 17, 1901.
George S. Davidson, a native of California,
aged 39 years 11 months and 2 days.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. 8. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue.
DEXGETLFIEI—) — In Oakland. January 17. 1901.
Amelia Dengerfield, daughter of Richard and
Amelia Marsden, sister of Hattie. William
and Henry Marsden, and aunt Of Sidney La
Prolte, a native of Philadelphia^ aged 33
years 5 months and 24 days.
ENGLER— In this city, Januarv 16. 1301, Anna
T., dearly beloved and only child of Bene-
dict and Henrietta Engler, granddaughter of
V. J. Hohmann, and niece of Mrs. F. Laub
and Katharine and German Engler, a native
of San Francisco, aged 19 years 6 months
and 24 days.
IT~"Frk»nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
January 20. at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of -tier parents, 2C5 Fourth street, between
Howard and Folsom. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemeterj'.
FOLEY— In this city. January 17, 1901. Dennis
J.. dearly beloved son of Dennis and Mary
Foley. and loving brother of . Mrs. Joseph
Fragley, Mrs. Henry Fredrlckson and Mary,
GonrRe' and John Foley, a native of Eureka.
Cal., aged 24 years 8 months and 16 days.
FOX — In the City and County • Hospital. Janu-
ary 17. 1P01, Thomas Fox. a native of Ire-
land, agr* «2 years.
GAYETTY— In Oakland. January 17. 1901. at
12S4 Webster street. Charles F. Gayetty, a
native of California, aged 19 years 6 months
and 4 days.
GHISELLI-In this city, January 1". 1901,
Frank Raymond, dearly beloved son of
Frank and Mabel Ghlselll. a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 month and 12 days.
HILPISCH— In this city, January 16, 1901,
Jacob HllDiech. beloved husband of Eliza
Hllplsch. and father of Carl and Julius Hll-
pisch, a native of Hessen. Germany, aged
52 years 9 months and 7 days. A member of
the German Krieger Verein.
!C~Frienu? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 20, at 1:20 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 19 Farren avenue, thence • to B'nal
B'rith Hall. 121 Eddy street, where funeral
services will be held under the ausDices of
the German Krieger Verein, commencing at
2 o'clock. Cremation I. <¦« O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. #
LB CLERT— In Tulare, Cal., January 15, 1D01,
Theodore Sebastian, dearly beloved husbarrd
of Phebe Le Clert. a native of Oakdale, Cal..
a^ed 27 years and 6 months.
LITTLE— In this city, January 17. 1901. Rob-
ert Alexander Little, beloved child of Robert
A. and Maggie Little, grandchild of Isabella
Little, and nephew of George A.. Martha.
Mamie and David Little, a native of San
FrancUco. aged 1 year and 2 months.
C7 Friends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 814 Vallejo street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LOGAN— In thlsl city. January 17. 1901. Leta
Rosekrans. beloved wife of Dr. M. H. Logan,
mother of Horace Virgil Logan, eldest daugh-
ter of Mrs. H. M. Rosekrans, and beloved
clster of Idaline, Xewton and Milton Rose-
krans.
McANNEY— In Alameda, January 17, 1501, Ber-
nard \V. MeAnney.
t£7"Fun<M-Rl services at his late residence.
IS4S Central avenue, to-morrow (Saturday), at
2 o'clock. Friends can take the 1:15 narrow-
gauge from the city.
McEVOY— In this city. January 17. 1901. Mary
E., beloved wife of Edward A. McRvoy,
mother of Leonard, Francis. Edward, Rich-
ard, Elmer and Gladys McEvoy. and sister
of John J. and Thomas F. Boyle, a native of |
Bovtnn. Mass., aged 44 years and 10 months.
(7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
MeGON'IOLK— In this city, January 17. 1901.
Philip McGonigle, beloved brother of Thomas,
Hugh and Bernard McGonigle and Mrs. Mary
Redden, a native of the parish of Clonianny,
County Donegal. Ireland, aged 44 years. .
McLELLAN— At Laurel Creek. January 1«, 1901,
Charles David, non of the late Mary C. Mc-
Lellan. and father of Cecil B. and Howard
II. McLcllan, a -native of California, aged 47
y»ars.
McMI'RRAY— In Burke City. Idaho, Jantlary
10, l»il, Hugh McMurray, dearly beloved son
of HuKh and Margaret McMurray, and be-
loved brother' of John, Mary. Frank, Mar-
garet, James and Thomas McMurray. a na-
tive of Llvermore, Cal., aged 26 years.
E~The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at Llvermore, on arrival of the 11
o'clock, train.
MIGHELL— In this city. January 17, 1901.
Allle E.. beloved wife of W. E. Mlghell, and
mother of Frank B., Nana E. and Jack E.
Mitchell, a native of New Hope, Mo., aged S4
years and 1 month.
C~Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the fuuerai to-moirow
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from Hotel Plea^-
anton. corner Sutter and Jon*s streets. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
NELSON— In Baden. January 16. 1901. Ger-
trude M.. beloved daughter of John F. and
Mary Ke'xin, a native of California, aged
2 years 10 months and 27 days. (Los Anca-
les papers please copy.)
IT7 Interment at Los Angeles.
NICKEL- -In this city. January 16, ' 1901
Kmlla. beloved wife of W. Nickel, a native
of Germany, aged 40 years.
(£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness
avenue, where f^rvices will be .held, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
_ Cemetery. . •
O'DONNELL— In this city, January 17, 1901.
Margaret, relict of the lat« Michael O'Don-
nell, and mother of Martin, Thomas, Mary
Margaret and Annie O'Donnell, a native of
County Mayo, Ireland, aged 68 years
(T7Frlepds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 13 Minna street, thence to St
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PIX>VER— In this city. January 16. 1901 Pat-
rick Plover, a native of Ireland:
lC~The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Ignatius
Church. Irterment private.
PRICE— In this city, at the Veterans' Hospi-
tal. January 9,-1901. Isaac B. Price, beloved
husband of Mrs. M. E.' Price, a native of
New York City, aged 6« years and 10 months.
REILLY— In this city, January 16, 1901. Thomas
W., beloved son of Anthony and Mary Reilly,
a native of Illinois, aged 41 years and 6
months.
E~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock,- from the residence
of the parents. 64241 Katoma street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church f or , services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ..
RISCHMULLER— In Oakland, January 17, 1901,
Mrs. Betty Rischmuller. - beloved mother of
Mrs. Fred Becker and George, Dfedrlch and
HBNRYJ. GALLAGHER CO.
¦ (Successor to Flannagan _ Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER&
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln BcbooL
Telephone South 40.
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
n and » Fifth st. . Tel. South 117.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EHBALMER*.
Finest Equipment 'at ; Moderate Rates. .
1 • :moauoy;_ co;; - I
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS _ EMBALMERS. I
I 1239 Market st.. between Sth and Sth. I
I Telephone South 247. I
RAILWAY TEAVEL
Santa Fe
Trains— Dai^
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
i
Local Ltm'd O— rl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lr. Pan Fran. 7:20 a »:00a S:00p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton . 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
•• Mercetf".. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15a
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford. 4:22 p S:27 p 7:M a
" Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:19 p 4:45 a
" Tular* ... 4:Hp 4:17 p 6:05 a
" Bksfleld . i:50 p t:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:41a 7:30 a !
" Chicago 2:15 p »:00 p i
a for morning, p for afternoon.
1:00 a. m. train Is the Cal Ifarnla Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlolnc
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car rur.i
to Bakersflefld for accommodation of local
fint class passengers. No «econd class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:65 p. ra. dally.
4:29 p. m. la Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m . Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers aad
free Reclining Chair Car, a_6 Palac*
61eeper. which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at *:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakerefleid Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cox-
reKpondlng train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— «41 Market street and In . Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1113 Broadway. Oak-
land.
Are You
Interested . in
Mexico?
We are thinking of running
a cheap excursion to Mexico
about March ist. Do you
care anything about it? Let
us know if you do. /
F.'W. PRINCE,
Santa Fe Agent,
641 Market st._
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vl« S«usollto F«rry.
1 Commencing September 30. 1J04
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO Mill. VALLEI
AND 6AN HAFAEL
WEEK DATB-«:55. •>:_. 11:00 a. m.. 1:45.
815 4:00. 1:15. •«:». 1:40 P. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on - Mondays. Wednesdays - aad Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. rn.
SUNDATS~»3:00. •10:00. »_:33 _ n_. «i:U
::13. «4:O. «:30t 1:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO«aA.N FRANCISCO.
/WEEK DAYS-5-.20. •€:». 7:45. J:30 a. *L.
•12:80. 1:45. '3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p." tn.
EXTRA TRIPS en Monday*. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:4," and 10:20 p.* m.
SUNDAYS-«:M. 'liOO. . 'lO;^ •_:« a. _,.
•1:40. •2:15.4:45. •* t3» p. jn.
Trains marked (*) start (nra San Qnentla.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAT»-i:45. «:45. 7&S. l.» a. m..
12:a. 2:10. S:30. 4:54, 6:20 p. tn.
EXTRA ' TRIPS on Mondays. . Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 5:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12:06, 1:1*. S:M.
5:00, *:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINa
CE5 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. - '
1:45 p. — ~ Saturdays— Tomale* and way
stations.
g:00 a. ra. Sundays— Tomales aad way
stations.There is talk in Kansas of appointing
a rabbit commissioner for the State, the
reason being that 40,000.000 pounds~of~Jack"l
rabbit meat goes to waste annually in tha
State.
THE announcement made yesterday
that Mayor Phelan had appointed
Dr. Thomas B. W. Leland to the
office of Coroner of 'the city and
¦ % county of San Francisco, to suc
ceed the late Dr. Beverly Cole, has been
received with considerable satisfaction in
all directions.
At the last election Dr. Leland was a
candidate for the office of Coroner, but
when he learned that Dr. Cole was also
seeking the office- the younger man -grace
fully gave way to the old physician, who
had been one of Dr. Leland's professors
in the medical department of the State
University.
Dr. Leland will receive his commission
to-day from the Mayor and will take
charge of the Coroner's office to-morrow
morning. He is thoroughly familiar with
the work, having served as autopsy sur
geon during Dr. Cole's tenure of office.
Although a young man. Dr. Leland stands
high In his profession and holds a- chair
as assistant professor of physiology in the
medical department of the State Univer
sity, and is also professor of internal
medicine in the post-graduate medical de
partment of the same seat of learning.
As assistant surgeon of the State Naval
Reserve Dr. Leland has rendered valuable
service to the State.
DR. THOMAS B. W. LELAND, FORMER AUTOPSY SURGEON, WHO HAS
BEEN APPOINTED BY MAYOR PHELAN AS CORONER OF THE
CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Several retail merchants on Kearny and
Third streets called upon Chief Sullivan
yesterday afternoon and asked for pro
tection. They alleged that the members
of the Retail Clerks' Union gathered after
6 o'clock at night In front of their stores
and prevented customers from entering
because they refused to close at that
hour. Policemen will be detailed to see
that the sidewalk is kept clear In front of
the stores.
Ask for Police Protection.
The following named were yesterday ap
pointed district officers of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals:
Charles H. Harley, E. B. Mayer, Arthur
L. Fish and Lincoln Buttner. The follow
ing named were appointed annual mem
bers: E. W. Miller, Albert E. Hoffmann.
Horace Woodward and Fred Beckman.
To Protect Animals.
President of the Park Commission
Adolph B. Spreckels was re-elected presi
dent of the board at last night's meeting,
held in the superintendent's lodge. The
Commissioners took under consideration
a request from the Olympic Club to hold
their four-mile team race on February 22.
A communication was received from the
Board of Public Works in regard to the
delivery of rubbish at the park. This will
not be delivered in such large quantities
as formerly.
The board accepted with thanks the do
nation by Mrs. Will S. Tevis of a large
macaw.
But little now needs to be done before
the park has a complete telephone sys
tem, with a central at the superintend
ent's lodge. This innovation is expected
to effect a great saving in time and labor
to the employes and officials of the pleas
ure ground. There will be seven stations.
The improvement of Duboce Park, near
the German Hospital, also occupied the
attention of the board. Several plans for
the projected casino were looked over by
the Commissioners, but no action was
taken on them."
Miss Steedman, who has been employed
as assistant in the museum, was notified
that there was no further need for her
services. Professor Gruber is to be rein
stated as taxidermist. Resolutions were
adopted expressing the gratitude and ap
preciation of the board for the services of
the retired member. F. Zeile.
Plans for New Casino Looked Over
and Improvement of Duboce
Park Is Considered at
Meeting.
Commissioners Re-elect Him
to Direct Affairs of the
Pleasure Ground.
SPRECKELS AGAIN
PARK PRESIDENT
This morning at 10 o'clock the -nquest
will be held on the body of William
TrewheJla. who was killed last Monday
afternoon at the Windsor Hotel by his
partner, Robert E. Glaze.
Justice of the Peace Daniels, who tem
porarily succeeded the late Coroner Cole,
will preside and the inquiry will be he.'l
In one of the courtrooms of the Hall of
Justice.
The jury summoned to hear the testi
mony is composed *>f W. A. Stvinertor.
"17 Iiush street, with H. S. Crocker Com
pany; Fred Shaw. 221* Bush street, with
Buckingham & Hecht: Abe Haas, 24 and
1* Sansome street, with Lowenberpr Com
pany; S. Steinberg, 13 and 15 J Battery
Etreet, with American Importing Com
pany; John Rogers. 11 Battery street, with
Hoffman. Rothchild & Co.; A. Lux, 521
Market street, with Justinian Caire Com
pany; C. P. Richardson, 537 Market street,
with Mau. Sadler & Co.: William Smith.
£.41 Market street, with J. H. Nolan; J.
C. Berendson. 543 Market street, witn
Hinz & Landt; William O'L»eary. 5S5 Mar
ket street, with Stein, Simon tc Co., and
A. M. Blade, a Montgomery street, witii
Fisher & Co.
Superior Judge Kerrigan yesterday ap
pointed Attorney J. J. Lermen to act as
counsel for Receiver McCalister in tin
suit filed the previous day by Glaze an>l
his Ti-ife demanding an accounting- of tho
affairs of the Winder Hotel, in which suit
Mrs. Trewhella and ethers are named as
defendants. Judpe Kcrrigun instructed
Lermen to b* most particular in seeing
that the interests of all parties In the suit
be rrotected.
During the day Receiver McCalister.
Attorney Lermen, Attorney James E. Ste
vens, Attorney Knight and Attorneys
Yo^.sang a;id Brown went to the Wind
sor Hotel and took an inventory of all the
l>ooks and papers in tne office. Attorneys
Stevens and Knight represent Mrs. Trew
hr-Ha and Vogelsang and Brown are at
torneys for Glaze. All the books of the
hotel were taken by the receiver and
placed in the vaults of County Cler.t
D'-ane for safe keening.
The funeral of William Trewhella took
place yesterday, the services being held
in the parlors of the Windsor Hotel. Rev.
Edgar Linn of St. Stephen's Church of
ficiated and the Knigms of Pythias also
carried out the ritual of their order.
The families of Glaze and of Trewhella
are «=tiil residing at tfc& Windsor Hotel.
Books of the Windsor Hotel Are Now
in the Safe Keeping- of
County Clerk
De&ne.
Inquest on Body of William
Trewhella Will Be
Held To-Day.
GLAZE TO FACE
CORONER'S JURY
Incandescent light wiring a" specialty. Elec
trical Engineering Co., 509-511 Howard at. ¦
Aid Society Entertainment.
An entertainment was given last even-
Ing at, the: Howard-street Methodist Epis
copal Church for the benefit of the La
dles' Aid Society of • that church. Tho
feature of the programme was the imper
sonation and speeches ir>. various dialects
by Mrs. Rule D. Maete.
Daingei'field ' Takes a Spurt.
Judge William ,R. Dalngerfleld -now
leads his opponent, Judge Thomas F. Gra
ham, by fifty-four, votes. 'Judge Dainger
field gained twenty votes yesterday, which
increased his lead to • the number stated.
Six more ballots were also objected to by
Judge Dalngerfield's counsel, . but the
court withheld a ruling on them until this
morning. If the objections ¦ should " be
sustained, and it, is generally believed
they.- will -be. Judge Dalngerfleld's total
galnlX^r the day will be . twenty-six votes
and will increase his lead to sixty. •
That there will be abundant work for
the Supervisors' Committee on Charter
Amendments and the expert to be ap
pointed by the board to outline necessary
amendments to the new organic law of
the city was again demonstrated yester
day. Auditor Wells discovered a glaring
Inconsistency in the charter which will
cause trouble when the Supervisors come
to make up the tax budget for the next
fiscal year. As a result- the elusive "sur
plus" fund, from which It was attempted
to make appropriations at ' least four
times, will disappear in thin air.
The Auditor will direct the attention of
the Board of Supervisors to the Incon
sistency in a few days. He will refer
them to the section on finance and taxa
tion, which says:
"The surplus fund shall be used for the
purposes and In the order following:
. "1. In payment of any final Judgment
against the city and county.
"2. In .liquidation and extinguishment
under such regulations as the Supervis
ors may adopt of any outstanding funded
debt of the city and county.
"3. To be carried over and apportioned
among the funds and used in the ensu
ing fiscal year as part of the income and
revenue thereof."
There is no outstanding funded debt, so
according to the terms of the charter the
surplus must be carried over and appor
tioned among the funds used in the next
fiscal year after the final Judgments have
been paid. Here is where the difficulty
comes in. Another section provides that
the tax levy and budget must be fixed
and adopted before the last Monday in
June, , ¦which falls this year on June 24.
Now Auditor Wells declares that it will
be absolutely Impossible to ascertain the
amount oi the surplus fund on June 24.
as claims against tne municipality for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1901, will be pre
sented to him as late as September. Only
then will the actual amount of the sur
plus fund, which must be taken Into ac
count In the new budget, be known. Only
the revenue from other sources, such as
license taxes, rents, etc., can be esti
mated. No estimate can be made on the
surplus by June 24, as> bills will come In
for three months thereafter. Serious
complications will undoubtedly result. It
may be contended that any claims filed
against the surplus fund subsequent to
June 24 are illegal, as the charter provides
that the surplus shall be apportioned in
the next budget. Again the fact that the
specific amount of the surplut will not be
known on June 24 will result In' that fund
remaining Idle in the city treasury, as It
will be Impossible to apportion it.
Will Caust Serious Compli
cations in the Next
Tax Levy.
SURPLUS FUND
MAKES TROUBLE
FATT.S IN AN" ATTEMPT
TO GET LOAD OF SALT
James Sweeney Will Have to Answer
Before the Superior
Court.
James Sweeney, a longshoreman, was
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Cabanlss yesterday on the
charge of grand larceny. His bonds were
fixed at $2000. On January 11 he telephoned
to the Federal Salt Company that Plum
mer & Co. were to send for a truck load
of salt and In a few minutes a truck was
driven to the warehouse and Sweeney was
with it. After the truck was about half
loaded the suspicions of the manager were
aroused and he telephoned to Plummer &
Co., who said they had not ordered any
salt. A policeman was called in and
Sweeney was arrested.
John Mullen, a lusty beggar, was sent to
the County Jail for three months by
Judge Cabanlss yesterday on a charge of
begging. He accosted Policeman Mitchell,
who was in civilian clothes, on Market
street Wednesday night and asked for a
dime. It was refused, and Mullen ustd
language that was extremely ungentle*
manly. • ¦
Charles W. Smyth, the young attorney
who was accused of felony embezzlement
by James - Fltzpatrick, 701 Crescent ave
nue, for having, it was alleged, misappro
priated $500 collected by him on a judg
ment, had the case dismissed by Judge
Conlan yesterday, as Fitzpatrick refused
to prosecute.
James Leith, who broke into the resi
dence, of A. W. Roberts, 3244 Twentieth
street, and stole a lot of crockery ware,
was held to answer before ,th3 Superior
Court by Judge Fritz yesterday on a
charge of burglary.
Two Chinese keepers of a fantan game
were fined ?50 each by Judge fritz yea
terday. •
Edward H. Morris, the.ex-hackman. ac
cused of the theft of Dr. Mark Newman's
fox terrier last Sunday, had the case dis
missed by Judge Conlan yesterday.
George Brown was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Mogan
yesterday on a charge of grand larceny
for stealing a purse from Mrs. Lizzie
Eldrldge In the Whale saloon, 63 Third
street.
BOLD ROOM THIEF
CATTGHT BY POLICE
Thomas Williams Arrested for Steal
ing From a Number of Lodging 1
Houses. \ •
A daring room thief, who gave his name
as Thomas Williams, was captured last
night by Detectives Harper and Arm
strong and; Police Officer Pat .Sullivan
and locked up in the City Prison.
During the last week a number of rooms
In ¦ various lodging houses have been
broken, into by -Williams and considerable
booty, consisting* principally of clothing,
taken. Most of the stolen property has
been recovered from pawnshops, where It
was disposed: of by the prisoner. He will
be formally charged- to-day.
. "With marked impresslveness and amid
profound tokens of grief the funeral ser
vices over the body of the late Dr. R.
Beverly Cole, Coroner of the city and
county of San Francisco, were held yes
terday afternoon at the Masonic Temple.
The services were according to the ritual
of California Commandery No. 1 of the
Knights Templar, of which the deceased
was a member. The large lodgeroom of
the Masonic Temple was far too small to
accommodate .those who wished to take
part in the funeral rites.
Exalted Commander F. Titus of the
California Commandery of Knights Tem
plar'was one of the mourners, being a
life-long friend of Dr. Cole, and General
issimo Carroll Cook acted as exalted com
mander. Seventy-eight Sir Knights were
present in full regalia and occupied seats
in the body of the lodgeroom. The black
covered and sliver decorated casket re
posed on a bier in the center of the cham
ber and was buried beneath floral tributes
sent by city officials, medical societies and
relatives. The Masonic regalia of the de
ceased was on top of the casket.
Beautiful and solemn was the ritual
conducted by the Knights Templar. Sir
Carroll Cook delivered the opening ad
dress and was followed by Prelate W. E.
Church, the knights making the responses.
The Masonic quartet then sang the hymn
".With Tearful Eyes I Look Around," and
Commander Carroll Cook then called upon
Past Commander General "W. H. L. Barnes
to deliver the funeral oration.
General Barnes never spoke more elo
quently. He dwelt upon the fact that it
was in the very chamber all were ¦ gath
ered in that he, the speaker, had Initiated
Dr. Cole as a brother Templar. All doubt
which existed In the mind of Dr. Cole as
to the immortality of the soul was swept
aside when he was initiated, and to his
death he remained true to the obligations
of the order. An eloquent tribute was
paid by General Barnes to the good quali
ties of the dead man, and his professional
distinction was also dwelt upon. Whatever
faults the deceased might have had were
outweighed by his many virtues. A sweet,
loving and charitable heart had endeared
him to all, and his memory will always
be cherished. The voice of the speaker
broke as he finished his oration by say-
Ing: "Dear friend, brave Sir Knight, may
God who has loved you take you home to
his eternal bosom now And forever more,
amen." The quartet then sang "Sleep,
Brother, Sleep," and the Knights Templar
marched from the chamber while the
quartet rendered "Good-night, Good-night,
It Is Morning Now." ¦
The procession was then formed to the
street. Ahead marched the Templars,
pallbearers and city officials; then came
the flower-strewn casket, followed by the
sorrowing relatives, '-ne lront of the Ma
sonic Temple was densely crowded with
spectators, who stood silently as the
casket was placed In the hearse, a mili
tary band meanwhile playing the hymn
"Nearer My God to Thee."
Thousands of . citizens witnessed the
procession as it marched to the depot at
Third and Townsend streets, where spe
cial cars were In waiting to convey the
funeral party to Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
At the cemetery the ritual of the Knights
Templar was observed, and as Musician
Bennett sounded "taps tha casket with
its wealth of flowers was gently lowered
through the floor of the chapel to the cre
matory beneath, where the body of Dr.
Cole was incinerated.
The pallbearers were: Dr. J. E. Young:
er and Adolph Meyer, representing Cali
fornia Commandery: Colonel Murphy and
Henry Highton of Occidental Lodge; Drs.
Kerr, ¦Williamson, McLean, Lewltt, Von
Hoffman, Leland andMcCone; Major Box
ton, representing the Board of Supervis
ors and Mayor Phelan.
The widow of Dr. Cole was unable to
be present at the funeral on account of
old age and grief. The attaches of the
Coroner's office were represented by Dep
uty Coroner McConnick. They Bent a
large floral tribute.
Obssquies Take Place In the Pres
ence of Men and "Women
of All Walks of
Life.
Impressive Servicts Held
Over Remains of Late
Dr. Bevwly Cole.
MASONS HONOR
DEAD CORONER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAljTi, FRIB AY, JANUARY 18, 1901.
Desired- to Run at Last Election; but Retired
in Favor of Dr. Cole.
CORONER LELAND WILL
TAKE OFFICE TO-MORROW
14
To j Prevent : the • Grip r\ - ¦ '.- .
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlno removes the cause. •
ml w/SP^ r\ U u I RB smartt snappy i|: ! Aw
ill] ill \ i\\\»l I \ ' ISfltlt Special Friday |1 ,
Wii\\SM\ r \ X"°V' ih ifU and Saturday If ".
MMlttiMi.'R ¦IV \\\ i / Vs&v \ never fade, and i n 11 I 1 «i }\ ft
flMFMll m J ; 4i^r5a h * ™* ht tok »< o ™ A . Swell Looker? at IP «
fOftEy * '* * : " : Pi3^Z^§ —we'll guaran- /K #% A tf*
'ffl$hMv\'\W\ n :W f *^gr tee them. TW/1TRDTTT? U "' J 110
/Snii™ 8=7 • <m*m TheRoyalBlue 1Mtdl A UUU \/ MH
'-7 \ M%Jr Serge is a dou- gt^ <* gT^ «^J AjlLlUU
1 'i^MW^ill^lSr trolled^ RA- ¦ - w g f^ '|
s#i!iiiii|i|il l if . z$ v1 t " Hat. A Run on
i^^tf'O<\ \V\\ \\h 1 \ \i dressy fabric, T n ±r i j
H ffllffi/M! MV^Vftil i\ W\ and looks ver y me new shades, n* '»s a u a r\ 9CC .c n us noQ .f nr
W^W9i\i\m\Wm f tt sweiim that new soft or stiff. J^o hat in m ni 2 ttaLlass Minings tor
i #W§ 1 \l\\\lli \ 1 ?r\tve\t£l town at mo >u equal it Boys, worth $5.00, $6.00
IlliiiTO ' to^^Z farwear '-— and$7.00,at : »|
Willll I KNEE TROUSERS fri iT ¦
i!^iii* r\ HOT VW \ W PI 1 of fashion. Spe^ *" LL 1KUUJEIV V V >|k
¦LJHl'lu UU V\\\\\\\ \| \n cial Friday and OinrilllP Jl*l ZLaI
Wl&i III sa *» d *y° t BARGAINS. «pw«*«/. :
JUsIm I •/I jf% riff '/*h , * 200 pairs -of Handsome win- / 0^ mms \
ffip ¦! ¦Ill fJiX-^^jQ i0yS> a^ CS 3to I 5 fulpatt e* ns .
V I W V^iv^^ \years, in blue tr i 0lt ' S6rs lined (%£?¦ 7\ •
_ _ ___ __ II Jfl iMl cheviots chaps 8 to > 15 L ¦ » * *%C\
iltt/Pn/^A k T^^ 4 HP \>l If U^^^^m/i years. Suits that m m _X /
- UVbKluA 1 S AT ' ! i ig*^:^* WmmmM:
\S I i^». M. . 4^/ 11 JL I I \JU I Si per pair, .. ; ; day and Satur-; "fl 1 • 7 - V. j/'
¥ T^ ¦ HI/1 I special* ; da y 'mm
January Prices. Mm .40^ • $3 45 I
That swell Black Vicuna Thibet, silk lined to the edge, *"^ ; y""/T" ¦ <£& ¦ (&)
$20 valurs. Special Fridiy and Saturday at • "" —
Fancy Back Oxford Overcoats, tailored to the keynote of style, ™?^^^^pSr Jf JffltW&M^&
our regular Sl>5 Overcoat., Special Friday and Saturday at 4&2Bt£fj(} -jf* ) M If* tUL^lilLiUvlL 1
NOTE. — Thr 'January prices of $18 Suits in Blue Cheviots C*'ifig-1^»*R^ / '^^^zf^m
and F<mr i fetiches reduced to >-^'*fiB"l«^""B& < ¦ _^f*T^Fil\^\f\ S*i^Y?7T^4rV"l fCV
: v _ ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 SALES IN O 471? This is the Time of rear When We All U
1 CORSET DEPARTMENT Feet tho Need of Good Warm n
H That will cause more than a tiOS Ez f H
[3 ripple on the surface of San Especially the little ones going «
a Francisco retailing. to school. Here is an opportu- H
i LADIES' GIBDLE OB BOD- nity no thoughtful mother fj
B ICE CORSETS mads of good should overlook. a
| fast black sateen, doubleside ™d.^c |
M Steels, rust proof front Steels, double heels, toes and knees: soft B
m lace beading and satin ribbon "-nd elastic: warranted fast black; a
I trimmed. Colors black, pinic SSJ°£ PrlTo. I
Q and blue. A bargain that puts j»5c U
¦ a new meaning to the word. A P AI ?V CHILDREN'S HO3E. H
H *- „_+_ 6 made of best quality Peruvian cot- *f
g 45 cents. ton, fast black, double heels, toes *J
H The new- century has and knees: all sizes; only Qc ¦
fl wrought radical changes in IT will pay DP An *TH1<5 • %
I women's dress and habits, but YOU TO 7^" H
the most pronounced is the £\ made- afbesiPquaT- H
change in corsets. In fact the * ty t&st black II
most decided and completa #^§j&& Toilk? hfgh ' Sd |
change in years was ushered in // EtSSSlx heel3 « extra lengrth, n
with the new century. f ( gggft ) 0 ° u ? B ™L th %& |
"We are showing tho "ERECT .\ TEsHsfy / ANOTHER jl,a- M
FORM.". It is the correct and new- V\ S&!*Sr / DIES' HOSE, made a
est thing in corsets. It is made of «9C Vv KVsX>- < 4r of extra fine fast Rt
best fast black jean, double slda black Peruvian cot- M
steels, rust-proof front steel". J ton. double heels ?i
bias cut, hand-^ored. new S » and toes, * fun H
low sloping bust, which affords the -«< length and elastic; 9
wearer easy and comfortable red- excellent value .... 9
¦ piration. not having a high front 25c y
H »teel to press against the breath- AunTHFR tiaraT murmur Mun if
B Ing organs and cause distress when "ZcmYtu *r,,.tT. £?*££. ° M
H breathing. Cut so as to give the HEALTH-SAVING GARMENT is the B
H wearer the new military straight IFff^FY I FflfLIVQ ?f
m front effect. Give them a trial and Ji-HO£l LLUUIi\v5. i\
B you will find them to be the light- No child should bo without a H
fa est, best fitting and most satlsfao- „«*- rrr^. _„ ~.«>^_i__ U
N tory corset made. Worth doublo palr# We aro offering as a B
|3 the price we ask 81.50 special inducement §1
H Sale at O'Farrell street entrance 300 pairs • HISSES' and CHIL- H
H EXCEPTIONAL VALUES Abound in our P,^?t' S al f lEG< ? I ?: s^ n i ade of , be « ||
N ¦/ •. . ¦• . SH, ' , ty all -wool black Jersey cloth. I*
m Knitted Underwear. £i!L. lensth: a rare cha nce; chii- g
H Our l/ndervear is Knit to Fit. LADIES. HERE ARE SOMe'e'xcEP- tl
W LADIES* COMBINATION J ION ALLY Gnnn Vil urn iu *1
E 8UITS. Oneita style, made of best »«l,ci lit. *tSSi-i!i!!£ . H U
H quality all-wool, steam shrunk and MUSLIN UNDERWEAR II
m medicated, high neck, long sleeves, m fur* *),«„ „-«, . rtj M
II ankle length, neck crocheted and to tact "^ *** selling so rea- «
H 'drawn through with silk tape; col- sonable that it would pay you a
I Srice™.."?..*" 1 .!:..?. 0 .!?^!© to buy now and P ut Jt a^ a y «
1 puf fmihfut VMir/re iu y°« bad no immediate use for it. R
I «« ME-MMENT VALUES IN LADIES' DRAWERS, made of 6
I Children's Underwear. SS? tSSJ& ea 2lS SSS&i u wSl 8
H Australian wool, steam shrunk and Also LADIES* GOWNS "made of F
¦ medicated, high neck, long sleeves, sood soft bleached muslin double &
M ankle length. Swiss ribbed. Excep- yoke back and front, tucked aid t\
¦ tional value at QSc hemstitched, full length, extra §!
U "A jji/ ITEM FROM film w i dt . h: , a w opportunity for all eco- *
U mn ncm rnuiti uun nomlcal buyers 40c "4
1 Leather Goods Dep't. em broidery. |
ffl CHILD'S CHATELAIMT3 'A Ladles, here's a *|
I BAG made of good seal grain £&& briery' 0 at" 7 wSi 3
H pressed leather, all well and ptfrfcT nigh Insignificant 3
¦ substantially sewed, riveted m%^^ ?e«?ved"a W Sa£S! H
m steel frame, lined, only 25 >«tuS-^55ft Une oS « m *>roideries n
B ALSO LADIES' CHATELAINE finest 'nainsook and \
H BAG, made of good seal grain sSr'My-* cambric embroider-
ja leather, riveted steel frame, lined. les: a very choice
S3 fancy outside pocket, leather cov- assortment, 2 Inches wide.. Sic
¦ ered frame. The small store's 3 Inches 5 C
g smallest price 59c Other widths In equal proportion. yj
JOE ROSENBERG,
I S/0 MARKET STREET, |
fj Running Through to II O'Farrell St. , PHELAN BUILDING
I MAUj ORDERS inTLjIuED. ' |
THE MONEY-SAVING
FURNITURE and CARPET
HOUSE.
I ill i^* ilf If
t: H *•' ¦ £X* !* If, i f.
OU r"S \£ W*STORES.
It will pay yon to visit us and see our new
stock of good roods. Will b« pleased to ihov
you around. Tha latest designs, lowest prices
and best of all 10 per cent off for cash. Prices
marked la plain figures. Special bargain* In
every department.
Office furniture a specialty. Household roods
of every description.
Commence the New Tear by bnylns from us
and save money. •«¦—— «»
CASH OR CREDIT.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1015-1017 Market Street,
Tel. South 371. Opp. Taylor st.
>g|l^w FAIN LESS
DoTwALSH
S15% GEARY STREET
Between Hyds and Larktn.
Telephcna Polk 1135.
if has taken the place!
| of Olive Oil &&&& g
1^ where nice distinctions nremade M
DR.MQNULTY.
ryms WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
¦ I Specialist fwrwRlooil Poison, Oonorrhosa Glees.
t .^. tB^T > ml " al .} v> £ Unes Jv' Inipou-newand tbelr
;i"*' <i J )lM>r<1<?rB - Moo" O" Diseaws of Men. fr»«.
?. v V?tt ea /^" l 2 <f £' > "'; e - T> ' rrQ " rwonabie. Hours
0lo3d&lly;6:30to*.a0i»v'K4. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
UUou (reeand sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. KOMCOR MeXWLTY, M.D.
8OJ,'Kearny>iu !Sau i'ranclsco, CbJ.