SAN FKANCISCO, SATURDAY, JANUARY 19, 1901.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. "50.
k-PKICE FIVE CENTS.
Ing by all the imperial and regal person
ages, the members - of the diplomatic
corps, the Foreign Kmtoassadors and Min
isters and many other notables. Emperor
William arrived, leading the Grand
Puchess of Baden. The Empress sat on
his right in the royal box, where also
were Archduke Francis Ferdinand of
Austria, the Duke of Connaught and
Grand Duke Vladimir of Russia.
lic buildings participated.
The gala opera was attended this even-
minations In which all the large hotels,
stores and private houses aa well as mib-
first admiral, we have conferred on
my navy the right to play as a saluting
march the old 'March of Honor' of the
Netherlands* fleet. May God always be
gracious to both our houses, as he was of
old to our ancestors. In good times and
bad. But my navy will take the motto of
Admiral de Rnyter as Its own. namely. "I
would'not be praised, not by anybody, so
that I may be free to act according to
my conscience and carry out any orders
aa I should.' WILLIAM."
Queen Wllhelmina replied as follows:
"I thank you with my whole heart for
ynur telegram, which afforded me great
pleasure, and for the sentiments which in
connection with to-morrow's memorable
day caused you to think of my country
and ancestors and of our great De Ruyter.
Your appreciation and recognition of
those who have so long passed away
touch me deeply. I am highly gratified
at the bestowal on your navy of our old
'March of Honor* as a saluting march.
You know how close an interest I take in
this significant festival, and again I ex
press to you my most heartfelt and friend
ly congratulations. WILHELMIXA."
Emperor William, on the occasion of
to-day's jubilee, rehabilitated a3 court
chamberlains all those who ¦were suspend
ed in I83S because they voted, as members
of the Diet, ajyalnst the canal bill.
Emperor William this evening banquet
ed the visiting princes, embassadors and
great notabilities of the empire. His
Majesty, drank the health of the newly
created knights and carried on a lively
conversation with those sitting near him.
The Emperor repeatedly pledged the era
bassadors.
The religious services In the Schloss
chapel were especially impressive. During
the benediction at a sign from the Schloss
a battery of Life Guards fired a salute of
101 suns.
The Berliner Tageblatt, tne Vosslsche
Zeitung and a number of other papers
regretfully point out that the hope in
dulged of amnesty being granted to-day
at least to lese majeste offenders has been
disappointed.
This evening there were general Illu-
"The festival which it has by the grace
of God been granted to my house and
myself to celebrate moves me to turn my
eyes first to the Creator and next to I he
Netherlands. It is to the great house of
Orange that we owe the virtues which
adorned the great Elector and glorious
Princess who gave Prussia her first King.
In commemoration of these facts and the
additional i circumstances that th»
Netherlanders were our fimt sail
ors and a Netherlander our
bassadors. Ministers, special envoys and
deputations sent by foreign states. Sub
sequently Emperor William received the
German princes attending the festivi
ties in behalf of their respective sover
eigns. Then followed the ceremony of
coronation, the reception of the new
knights of the various orders, divine ser
vices In the castle chapel, luncheon In
the white hall and the reception of a
deputation from East Prussia.
Count Henckey von Donnersmarck has
been raised to the rank of Fuerst
(Prince), with the appellation of Durch
laucht.
Hereditary nobility has been conferred
on Professor Behring of Marburg, and
Vice Admiral Reinhoid Werner.
There was an exchange of greetings by
Emperor William and Queen Wilhelzmna
of Holland. His Majesty's message was
as follows:
the fleet on this great anniversary. I di
rect that a facsimile of the imperial
signature be worn on the sword knot and
sash buckle of the navy."
The" rescript also bestows on naval
bands the sole right to play the "March
of Honor," and directs that a bronze
statue of the great Elector be erected
at Kiel and given in trust to the navy.
After visiting the Sleges-Allee and the
mausoleum at Charlottenburg and depos
iting wreaths on the monument of King
Frederick I and the coffin of Emperor
William' I, his Majesty returned to the
castle and received in audience the Era-
Embassador White Delivers President McKinley's Congratu
lations to the Emperor, Emphasizing the Fact That a
Hohenzollern First Recognized America's Independence
WILLIAM'S SUBJECTS CELEBRATE
BICENTENARY OF CORONATION
OF THE FIRST KING OF PRUSSIA
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.. Jan. IS.— Governor
Davis was inaugurated to-day. ¦After\hl3
Inaugural address ; the oath -of 1 ofllce was
administered by: Chief Justice Bunn.TIie
ceremonies-' were very unostentatious..:
Governor. Davis Inaugurated.
j^The Chief answered the call and upon his
J arrival Russo was attacked by a.fit. x Af
j ter.. his recovery he wanted to whip the
| Chief for haying' torn his shirt front open.
| No arrests were made, the principals gc
! ing their respective ; ways. _Jn the evening:
I Russo; attempted to "rnake up" with Col-
I lamarini -with' a certaifi , amount of suc
j cess^ ¦ ' ;' ?* •', ¦ : -- • :•¦¦.¦ ; ' ¦ ¦
|" The cause^of the trouble was an admirer
of the: prima' donna, resident at Vancou-
I vcr. During a performance In that city
VICTORIA, '"; Jan. IS.— As Collamarini, j
the leading lady of the Boston Lyric^Com- I
pany.l was -crossing ; the-.' corridor of ..the
Driard I- Hotel this \ afternoon* Russo, the,
tenor of the ' company, who .was .on the j
.way < to*: his room In company .with Colonel- j
Thompson,. rushed :at her and Btruck her,!
oh the face with his closed ,fist. .The j
woman stepped into the elevator ; whiloi
Colonel /Thompson .; attempted";* to '.calm j
Russo, whb'wus wild with rage.- : \- >•
r : The hotel :; people sent' for '. the police.' I
this gentleman sent Collamarlnl a bou
quet, from which she took a rose- ami.
with a' nod and a smile to the giver,
placed it In her hair. This angered Rusa>
to the extent that he slappe^ her. This
afternoon they had a conference to settto
their differences and until the occurrence
in the corridor It wau thought they had
succeeded.
Late to-night Collamarlnl forgave Rus
ao to the extent that she promised to
again be friendly.
Attacks the Leading Lady of the Boston Lyric Opera Company
Because She Smiles Upon a RivaL
Special Dispatch to Tha CalL
s»-nt to-day by a newspaper correspondent,
at Chihuahua, and Flower - replied, say-
Sng: "Am here, what can I do for you?"
. After Flower disappeared he came di
rect to El Pa«o and has been In this vicln-
Jty but not in the city ever since. He Is
siow making his headquarters In Chihua
hua, and has another big proposition oa
hand. He was in El Paso with a party
of men and women from New. York about
a month ago and spent several days here.
He had then Just returned from a trip
to the western part of Chihuahua, where
EL PASO. Texas. Jan. lS.-Dr. R. c.
a ower of New York, who swindled
widows, hotel proprietors, clerks, waiters,
bank presidents and Wall street brokers
out of a million and a half dollars by sell
ing them spurious Arizona mining stock.
Is in Chihuahua, Mexico. After complet
ins his New York operations he disap
peared from that city. A. telegram was
Flower has been operating extensively
In Mexico for_ several months and has be
come very Unpopular with 'American' min
ers in the district. Governor; Ahumeda
had to interfere Jn one case- to prevent
Flower -from taking property ' from * trf-j
rightful owners. Flower has: had > many
Eastern people m Mexico /'•b.bwlnff them
he bought the Nahuerachie mine from N.
L. Pearce of Chihuahua. This mine , he
said was paid for In cash amounting -to
$62,000, Mexican money. After he bought
the mine Flower had stock . printed at : a
Chihuahua printing house, t amounting , to
J3,ooo,(X»0 and placed the stock on the mar
ket. Several mining men from New Mex
ico and Mexico were here to-day and said
the mine is situated nearly 100 miles from
the western terminus of the Chihuahua
and Pacific railroad, where few minlnjr
men ever went on account of the distance
from the railroads. ,
I property, and only last night two ladies
from ; Hamilton,' Ohio, passed . through El
Paso en route home after, investing in this
Mexico property.; He sent word here a
few days ago that he would be in El Paso
to . attend ' the carnival, but wired- from
Chihuahua ¦ yesterday 'afternoon ' that he
jCould, not come. While in Chihuahua a
few weeks ago Flower was about to buy
a' mine and offered in payment a number,
of drafts" on "R-C. Flower & Co., bank
ers. 33 Wall street, New, York." The man
'whom he, was dealing with' says he wired
to New York and received the reply that
no'such banking house existed there.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TENOR RUSSO IN A JEALOUS RAGE
LANDS HIS FIST ON COLLAMARINI
The Man vvho Swindled Many Persons in New York Again Oper
- ating on a Large Scale.
With the arrest and removal to the
Wiillamsburg Jail to-da> of 'five mem
bers of the Shotwells and Rollo White,
who shot the father of the Shotwell boys
Wednesday las?, no further trouble Is an
ticipated.*. "! - ,. . .; '.';'. ¦;.- :
; The funerals of the three persons killed
Wednesday,' took plu-je 'to-day. James
Shotwell was burled at his old home near
Rockhold. The sons attended the funeral
guarded by soldiers. Sutton Farris was
laid to rest near Corbin and Susan Cox "a.t
Grays, near here.
Judge [Wilder, i acting Coroner, to-daybe
gan the investigation in the dynamiting:
of the "White store and; the, killing of th«
Cox woman arid SSuttonj Farrl3. \He had
before . him '. several • witnesses, • including
Rock White, proprietor, of : the store which !
was • wrecked and' in ..which 'he : and Bill
White! were guarding their ' brother*, who
had^killed the elder Shotwell. White' 'did
not ¦ know, any of the .participants \ In v { the
rioting and the Investigation was not com
pleted.' 1 .. ;
er Trouble Is Anticipated.
CORBIN, Ky.', Jan. 15.— The presence of
the" soldiers here had • a • quieting effect
on the citizens of Corbin to-day and to
night the troops, being no longer wanted,
withdrew. ' While members of the Whites
and Shotwells are still under arms, they
are riot being interfered .with" by the fioi
diers, as they say, they have no Intention*
of precipitating trouble. i.
KENTTJCKY FIGHTERS
abb CA1MEDBY TROOPS
Members of . the Rival Families Are
Still Under Arms, but No Furth-
CALL BUREAU. U% G STREET. N.
IV.. \\ AS5HJN-<JTON. Jan. IS.—Im'orma
ilon has been received in an official quar
ter in Washington that Chile recently
rubmJttcd 'the .astounding proposit.on to
lour other South American Governments
that Bolivia be partitioned among them.
This preposition was promptly rejected
by Peru, end the Lima Government, as a
further eign of its displeasure, has re
<iu<rf=ted the Chilean Government to recall
Its Minister. Custodio Vicuna. The atti
tude of Brazil, Argentina and Paraguay
cannot be learned, but there is no expec
tation, in view of the determined refusal
of Peru, that Meps will be taken in line
¦with the Chilean proposal. Bolivia Is- a
•weak nation ar.d could not singly resist
DR. FLOWER AGAIN SEEKS VICTIMS
BY ISSUING MEXICAN MINING STOCK
had rejected th-2 Billinghurst-Latorre pro
tocol providing for the arbitration of the
Tacna-Arica dispute. This, protocol was
signed in 1898 and immediately ratified by
Peru, but the statii quo being, favorable
to Chile her Congress delayed action upon
it until a few. days ago. In 1898 Chile
feared, , it- is 'Said,-, that Peru migrht join
the'Argentine republic when that country
and Chile were engaged in their boundary
dispute; and when war between them ap
.peared.to.be imminent. By accepting the
Biiiinghurst-Latorre protocol Chile ap
peased Peru, and since then" she has'sub
mitted to ' the ' arbitration of Queen Vic
toria her "dispute with Argentina. She is
now, it is charged,' able to leave the ques
tion, where it stood prior to the signing of
the protocol. • '- • > s
Cables from Valparaiso, Chile, on Thurs
day announced that the Chilean Chamber
It is believed here that Chile's. proposal
to partition Bolivia is 'due to her desire to
end the alliance existing between -that
country' and Peru, in order.' it is said, that
she may formally take possession. of -the
provinces of Tacna and Arica. • - *-•;
The proposition* to partition Bolivia is
not the first move Chile has made to
estrange Peru and Bolivia. During the
war with Chile an envoy was sent to a
Bolivian camp for the purpose of inducing
President Laza to abandon his Peruvian'
ally, but the attempt was unsuccessful.'
an attack by the troops of any one of the
nations named, with the possible • exeep-'
tion of Paraguay, i much less the united
force of several governments.
Special Dispatch, to The CalL
Scheme to Grab a Weaker Nation Not Approved by South
American Republics.
the Queen has intermitted her drives, and
points out that to-day, she attains an age
one, day greater than that of George III,
thus having not only reigned the longest,
but also lived the longest of British sov-
ereigns. _. •'¦ ¦ -,>;*¦/'- r-- U>
Proceeding to dilate upon- the. immense
changes and progress during the Queen's
reign and upon the "unexampled manner
in .which she won her .way into the affec
tions of her people," the Times says:
"There cannot be any doubt whatever
that the oldest British sovereign is also
the best beloved."
Up ..to .midnight no change had been
made in any of the plans of the royal
family. The chaplain of the Archbishop
of Canterbury said the movements of the
primate had not been affected by any ru
mors regarding the health of the Queen.
. Later their Majesties received deputa
tions from East Prussia. Divine service
was held in the . Schloss chapel at noon,
all the guests at the reception being pres
ent, and at 1 o'clock luncheon was served
in the Schloss. Embassador White and the
other foreign representatives who ha-1
Mr. White, when leiivcring President
McKinley's congratulations to the Em-'
peror, the 'fact that -.it. was a !
Hohehzollern who first, recosnized the in
dependence of the United States and also,
that the first commercial treaty nego
tiated by the XJnitedtitates was made, with'
Germany. He mentioned, appreciably Ger
many's liberal policy In opening .her uni-.
versities and technical 'schools' to foreign
ers. % i < . ' '. ¦ ¦-.
Emperor William., who replied pleasant
ly, pointed out that nations of; German
blood must hold together rn tae great con
troversies of the world.
¦ The presentation was niade -during* the
court reception, which v;as held In the
Knights'. Hall at the Schloss,' after the
newly appointed Knights of- the Order of >
the 'Red Eagle, the Royal' Order : of ;: tha-
Crown and the Royal Order'of the House,
of Hohenzollern had been presented 'to th*\ ;
Emperor. - During 'this ceremony -the
Princesses stood at the right of the throno'
and the Crown : PrlnceV J with th'e "'other:
Princes, at; the left.. Both the ; : Emperor,
and Empress spoke pleasantly to Embas
sador "White, irr^^—n' . : . 'V'"^-
United States Embabsador, White!pre
sented to Emperor William *at '11 o'clock
this morning the congratulations of Presi
dent McKinley, on the bicentenary, of the
coronation of the first King' of Prussia.
Frederick I. ;" . '-. ( , • .
! f|T^v ERLIN, Jan. , IS,— The city every-
V L^^where to-day was in gala attire
' 1^5) arid : presented a thoroughly holj
'~~T day ¦ appeara'nc& 1n honor ".of tha
bicentenary festivities. The
Bourse, banks, Government- offices ' and.
courts were all closed and special thanks
giving commemorative- services were held
in the churches. The historic quarter'be
tween, the castle and Brandenburg gate
was densely thronged and the animation
of the scene was Increased hy the comin??
and agoing -of Princes and- other notable
persons and the marching of troops. Spe
cial interest "was excited ',by ,the com-,
panics of troops sent' to bear the laurel-'
wreathed standards from the castle to the;
service in the garrison church. "to whlciv
they marched, headed by. bands of "music.
Emperor William everywhere received'
ovations.
"The fleet required steadfast work In
order to become as strong an Instrument
for the German empire as the Prussian
kings* possess in' the' army. .The princi
pal" condition of the attainment of thla
end is fulfilled If the spirit of the great
Elector is alive in, the fleet. In order to
bestow- a special mark 'of. distinction on
"So long as the spirit c binds the army
to its kings, n& storms need be -feared;
and ' the- Prussian eagle - will proudly and
unswervingly pursue its lofty flight for
the welfare of- Prussia and Germany."
, To the navy his Majesty,- after alluding
to .the;e3tablishmenr.of the Brandenburg
fleet; by -the great- Elector and the navy's
regeneration under ' the kings* of Prussia
and'^ its 1 ' vigorous development in the new
German -empire, says:
A new order of merit of the Prussian
crown has been founded in commemora
tion of \ the. bicentenary of the corona
.tion.af ,the flrst.'Prussian King. The dec
oration consist? .of ' a " single class and
ranks between- that of the Order of the
Black Eagle and the Grand Cross of the
Red ! Eagle.' ; .... ' •
The imperial addresses to the army and
navy have been" gazetted. The former
thanks the' Prussian /army for its devo
tion to his Majesty and, adds:
The bill of .fare was rather simple, in
cluding broth, sole, pot roast with veg
etables, truffles,, game, pie. jellied lobster,
capon, "salad, orange ice, fruit, cheese,
dessert ; and exquisite wines from the
royal cellars. During the luncheon musi
cal selections from', Meyerbeer, Weber.
I Handel, Wagner and Strauss were played.
; Hundreds, of* soldiers specially de
railed -to assist- outside, bringing the
dishes ;to the lackeys.* M !
This was. the. first time foreign..Embas
sadors and Ministers ! had attended an
ordenfesit, a function given every January
1S for the members of the Prussian orders.
the reason being that this year the orden
fest coincided with the bicentenary cel
ebration. . . , .'.;'...¦
The luncheon' began "at 2 o'clock and
lasted until 4. It was given 'in the gor
geous white hall and over 1200 persons
were present." The chief table was in the
form of a hollow square and there were
tables also in the galieries. The Emperor
made only a few remarks, proposing the
health of the new knights. 7 .'..:" ;
presented congratulations to the Emperor
being present,. as were also the new
knights. Emperor William and the Em
press- attended: the luncheon. • :< ""•¦¦¦•
The Time?, which takes a similar view,
remarks that it is only since Tuesday that
•"We fear it cannot be doubted that her
Majesty's ..health is precarious, but it
seems imoosslble to believe ; ,that ,. she
should be ill. We must hope and trust
that a short period of repose will" restore
her strength of body and mind. ". The fnct
that the Prince of Wales attended the
banquet to Lord Roberts given by the
United Service Club may serve to dispel
an alarming view of the case."
The Graphic, commenting upon the
Queen's untiring self-sacrifice, says:
"We hope it is only a passing warning
to her to spare herself in the future."
All the morning papers comment upon
the unlooked for possibilities of the situa
tion, but they do not regard it as alarm
ing. The Daily News 6ay»:
STATUE OF FREDERICK THE GREAT IN THE SIEGES- ALLEE (VXC
. TORY.AVENUE), IN BERLIN, THAT WAS DECORATED YESTERDAY
BY THE CELEBRATING PRUSSIANS.
QUEEN VICTORIA, WHOSE FAILING HEALTH IS AGAIN CAUSING
CONSIDERABLE APPREHENSION AMONG THE LOVING SUBJECTS
OF HER MAJESTY. AND THERE IS TALK OF A REGENCY.
CHILE'S PROPOSITION TO PARTITION
BOLIVIA AMONG FIVE GOVERNMENTS
LONDON, Jan. 19.— Alarming ru
mors were circulated yesterday to
the effect that Queen Victoria is
Berloufly ill and that her family
has been summoned to Oaborne.
The Prince of Wales is now at Marlbor
cugh HouFe, where no news has been
received indicating that her Majesty is
furiously ill. The Duke of York went to
Sandringham this afternoon. His visit to
Australia has been postponed.
Sir Franci? I.akir.g, surgeon to her
Majesty, has been called in to consult
with Sir Francis Reid, her Majesty's resi
dent physician.
The following official announcement re
garding the Queen's health was made
last night:
"The Queen, during the pa«t year, has
had a great strain upon her powers,
which has rather told upon her nervous
system. It has therefore been thought
advisable by her Majesty's physicians
that her Majesty should be kept per
fectly quiet In the house and should ab-
Ftain from transacting business."
Although it is fully understood that
ihere is no cause for alarm beyond what
would naturally be felt at the indisposi
tion of any one of the ape of the Queen,
the official announcement issued^ last
<>venir.p has caused a shock to the coun
try, the effect of which it would be dif
ficult to exaggerate. Her Majesty's ab
f^olut* 1 freedom from illness during the
1c ripest reign in English history has led
her people to regard her almost as more
than mortal, and the mere novelty of
having to face the possibility of a regency
f-.ione suffices to creat unnecessary appre
hension.
It is necessary to go back to a date prior
to ISM for a similar situation. Since that
tim" there has never been an interruption
of the smooth working of the constitu
tional machine. No one. not even the
Prince of Wales, can act for the Queen
vi.hout the authority of Parliament, and,
as no stops have been taken to summon
Parliament, it may be taken for granted
that her Majesty's physicians have only
ndopted measures of precaution and that
? h? is still able to *isn any absolutely im
perative documents, though relieved of the
.worries of routine affairs.
The nines? of Dowager Empress Fred
crick of Germany, the 5udden death of
her Majesty's old friend. Lady Churchill,
together .with tb«» death of the Duke^of
! Kaxe-Coburr last rummer, end of Prince
<*hristian Victor subsequently and the in
cidents of the war in South Africa have
been gTeat trials to the Queen, but with
in a week she has received Lord Roberts
and sent a message of condolence to the
widow of Dr. Crcighton, late Lcrd Bishop
of London. It is understood that the ar
rangements for the Queen's visit to the
south of France are proceeding on the
lines originally laid down, and It is quite
likoly that rest and abstention from work
will er.able her to take the journey ear
lier than was intended.
—— —" ~ — • -;¦¦::¦¦ ',*¦"..
While It Is Officially Announced That; There Is No Cause
for Serious Apprehension, Grave Fears Are Exr
pressed for the Oldest of All British Sovereigns
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad, Jan. IS.—
The revolt against the Venezuelan Gov
ernment, according to aavices ¦ received
here, is progressing. Peraza Rotande is
the leader. The Delta has been detained
at Bolivar by the Venezuelan Govern
ment for the purpose of facilitating the
moving of troops. A protest has been
sent to United States Minister Loomis by
the American manager for the Orlnocco
Steamship Company.
session of the New York and ; Bermudez
Aephalt Company, but it is understood he
has* formally protested;* and', it "is' hoped
that this protest will be sufficient.- - - :
It was rumored this morning that the
battleship Kearsarge would be directed to
proceed to I^a Guayra to rein
force the Scorpion, but the rumor
growing out of the belligerent attitude of
the Government was promptly dispelled
by. the announcement this afternoon that
the orders to the Scorpion had been re
voked and that she would be the only ship
stationed ¦ in Venezuelan waters for the
present, at least.
Secretary Hay received Judge J. M. Wil
son, representing the Warner-Qulnlan
Syndicate, and stated that the New York
and Bermudez Asphalt Company would
not be forcibly expelled from the country.
Besides protesting in behalf of the asphalt
company. Secretary Hay . has directed
Minister Loomis to demand that there be
no interference with his official dis
patches. Investigation made by the de
partment shows that a censorship on all
cable messages has been exercised by the
Venezuelan Government and that this
censorship was applied to several in
structions sent to Mr. i/oomis.
REVOLT AGAINST VEJtfEZTJELA.
Delta Detained to Aid the Govern
m-nt in Moving Troops.
zuela, which yesterday was to be menaced
by '¦ American battleships in case of the
dispossession of the ; New , York and Ber
mudez Asphalt Company, ;may rest " easy
to-day. ; No -battleships /will be sent.
The Scorpion will riot . even go to
Guanoco to land marinas to prevent the
dispossession of the asphalt company, If
a cable can catch her. ir r
Venezuela may wreak its will there, but
If it takes action without due process of
law the United , States will ."insist upon
adequate reparation." . The sudden change
in the policy, of the. administration is due
to sober second thought.
The, Government to-day is showing ', its
unwillingness to become involved in a war
with Venezuela or ; to ; take action which
will cause • further ¦ antagonism or sus
picion on the part of South American.re
publics toward the United States. It has
become apparent to the authorities that
President Castro intends to stand -upon
the right of his country as a ¦ sovereign
nation to take such action in matters of
internal administration 'as it-may see fit.
The State I>epartment" does not question
this right any longer, It only insists that
Americans shall not be illegally deprived
of their, prSperty. > ; -*-
Minister Loomis, in accordance, with in
suuctioirs^'sivt'if hiin, has not; only re-,
monstrated against theVunlatvful > *dlspbs-
This Government «{ Merely Insists
That Subjects Shall Not Be
Illegally | Ousted.
¦ '¦ '*/*:'.'. v ' . ¦' "
CALL BUREAU, ¦ 1406 G STREET. N.
W., v WASHINGTON;/Jan.; 18.-The King
of France, \with 20,000 '/men, marched up
the hill and then marched ; down agafin.
So it is with the 5 United; States. ' Vene-
Marines Not to Be Landed
to Protect Asphalt ;
Company.
America Recedes
From Its WarliKe :
Stand.:
BATTLESHIPS
NOT ORDERED
TO VENEZUELA
ILLNESS OF QUEEN VICTORIA
SERIOUSLY ALARMS MILLIONS
OF HER LOVING LOYAL SUBJECTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Contract for the' Calif ornia.
WASHINGTON. Jan, 18.— Senator Per
kins in response to a request of. the Mer
chants' Association of San Francisco, will
urge the Secretary of the Navy to award
tho contract for the " construction of - one
battleship: to the Union Iron Works, such
battleship to be named the California.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 18.— The Southern Califor
nia State Hospital at Patton, San Ber
nardino County, figured chiefly In the ap
propriation bills introduced this morning
In the Assembly. Five measures are fath
ered by Bennlnk. [providing for a total ap
propriation of J132.500. Of that sum $92,000
Is for the erection of a central : building
to bo known as an administration build
ing: J50.000 is for a wing for ward , pur
poses; $40,000 Is for a detached building for
tuberculosis patients; J7000 Is for a sys
tem of storm water drains, and $2500 is Tor
& steam heating system.
ITVE APPROPRIATION
BILLS" IN AID OF STATE
. HOSPITAL AT PATTON
Cromwell of Sonoma introduced a bill,
now known as Assembly bill No. 333 by
which the stealing of chickens is made
prand larceny. The bill specifies that, to
be grand larceny, the theft must be of
"twelve or more chickens,, geese or tur
keys from one person, firm or corpora
tion."
Two more kidnaping bills came In this
morning. Radcliff introduced one defin
ing the criir.e and another nxlng the min
imum penalty at one year and the maxi
mum at twenty years.
Brown of San Mateo introduced Assem
bly bill No. 257, by which jurors In civil
cases are to receive S2 per day, to be paid
by the party to the suit who demands a
jury trial, but if plaintiff demands a Jury
trial and gets Judgment the Jurors' fee's
are recoverable. •
All of the sheep of every county must
be Inspected between February 1 and June
1 of each year, and the bill provides in
great detail for the Issuance of certifi
cates where there is absence of disease
and for the application of remedies where
disease is found.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 18.— Simpson of Fresno and
Madera introduced a. bill In the Assem
bly to-day a system of State
inspection of sheep, to eliminate conta
gious and Infectious ' diseases. The office
of State Sheep Inspector is created by the
provisions of the bill, to be held ex-omclo
by the State Veterinarian. A deputy in
spector for each county will be under his
supervision.
STATE INSPECTION
OF SHEEP 'I'H V. AIM
OF AN ASSEMBLY BILIi
Big Dredger Beaches Seattle.
SEATTLE. Jan. 13.— The - tug Tatoosh,
with a big dredjrer Intended for clearinj?
the Swinomish Slougb, near Everett, for
navigation, passed through the strait at
10 o'clock this mornlne. The Tatoosh left
Ban Francisco on Saturday morning anil
made a remarkably fast trip. The worlt
cut out for the San Francisco dredger la
part of that authorized by tho Govern
ment.
Police Asked to Assist in Search fos
Sixtesn-Year-Old Hattie \
Parker.
. SEATTLE. Jan. IS.— The police were re
quested this morning to assist In a search
for, Mrs. Hattie Parker, the wife of W. A.
Parker of 1321 Third avenue, who has
been missing from her home since Jan
uary 10. -Mr. Parker fears that she haa
met foul play. - . - ....
Mrs. Parker is only IS. yean old, good
looking and has a very engaging presence.
Her husband is bnt Mttfe older. The miss
ing . girl-wife is described as about five
feet one • Inch tall, weighing about 124
pounds, of fair complexion, with brown
hair and very deep blue eyes. She has a
slight mole on the left cheek, and when
last seen she wore a black dress and a
Tam CShanter cap. The idea of volun
tary absence Is scouted, by the husband
He Insists something has happened to his.
wife.
SEATTLE GIRL-WIFE
MISSING FROM HOME
SEATTLE. Jan. 18.— The annual elec
tion of officers of the Seattle and San
Francisco Railroad and Navigation Com
pany and the Green River Construction
Company waa not held yesterday. The rea
son was that the troubles of the company
have broken out once more and are again
in court. The election will take place or»
January 26 If the conrt can straishten
o-ut the tangrle before that time.
A complaint has been filed wherein th«»
Green River Construction Company, John
S. Darey and W. E. Guerln. stockholders
in the Seattle and San Francisco, ari
plaintiffs and John Le«ry. the Seattle an«i
San Francisco Rallwny and Navigation
Company, Jamea F. Ferry. Pierre P. Fer
ry and the People's 3avings Bank are tiia
defendants.
It ia the contention of the olalnttffa
that John Leary and Pieire P. Ferry, wh,>
are president and secretary of the rail
way company, have issued several thou
sand shares of stock to John Leary, wlio
placed them with the People's Savings
Bank as security for a loan, and the ac
tion is brought to prevent the holders of
this stock'votlng It at *he annual election,
as it Is alleged that Its issue is fraudu
lent. The case will be *ieard on its merits
on January 23 and Messrs*. Leary and Fer
ry are confident thev can show to th*>
court that they have acted In good fakh.
Strife in the Seattle and San Fran
cisco Railway and Navigation
Company.
STOCKHOLDERS CARRY
QT7ABBEL INTO COURT
to-n5ght and considered Johnson's Assem
bly bill Xo. 146. concerning the exemption
of property from execution. The bill
amends section 600 of the Civil Code by
making a life insurance premium to the
amount of *500 per year exempt. The
committee added two classes of property
poultry, to the value of $75 Instead of $25,
as at present, and the office safe and
typewriter used in the practice of a pro
fession. In that form the committee rec
ommends that It pass.
Webber's bill making the malicious
burning of standing grain a felony was
considered, but was laid over to permit
the author to make some changes In
phraseology. The committee will recom
mend it for passage.
The Senate and Assembly committees
on Municipal Corporations will hold a
joint meeting on Tuesday night to tak«
up the Senate bills amending municipal
laws, particularly those relating to street
work. These bills are mostly those ap
proved by the League of California Mu
nicipalities, and the same measures are
Fending in the Assembly.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 18.— The following
bills were introduced in the Senate to
day:
S. B. 274, Caldwell— Appropriating , $50,000 for
a new building, at . the Southern . California
State Hospital. _
S. B. 275. Caldwell— Appropriating $92,000 for
an' administration building at the Southern
California State Hospital. .
8. B/ 276. Natt— Establishing a' law uniform
with those of other". States relating to nego
tiable instruments.
8. B. 277. Taylor— Providing for the protec
tion . of meadow larks. ,
S. B. 278, LukenE— Amending section 278 of
the Penal Code, relating to child stealing.
' 8. B. 279, Lnkens— Amending section 237 of
the Penal Code,: relating to; false Imprison
ment.. ' -
S. B. 2S0, Pace— Relating to the formation
of public school . districts. ; . .
S. B. 281, Pace— Providing f or , better protec
tion of frame ¦ In 1 national parks ' In ' this • State.
S. B. 282, Smith of Kern — Amending section*
1503, ,1521, 1663, ,1770.. 1771. 1772. 1775. 1787. ,1788.
1789, 1790, 1791,: 1792, 1793 of the Political Code,
relating to public schools.
' S. B. 283, . Ashe— Amending = section 92 of the
Civil Code, relating ¦ to causes ' for dlvorce.V
" S. B. 2S4, Ashe— Providing that no . divorce
shall be granted on the . grounds ¦ of Incuf able
Insanity until two ? years have -elapsed after
the person has been judged : insane. •" • ¦¦•. •
U S. . B. ¦ ; 269, '. Leavitt— Appropriating $4390 65 ; to
pay the claims of employes of the -State Print-
Ing : Office. ' * : ¦-:¦•:--¦",. ¦ • ¦•• \\
8. B. 270. Devlin— Amending section 823 • of
the Penal Code, . relating to - malicious destruc
tion of property In - public libraries.
; S.', B. :. 271, Taylor— Providing for ; the protec
tion of « meadow larks. •
: S.i B. '272, Caldwell— Appropriating. $7000. for
the construction of storm water, drains on I the
grounds of the Southern • Calif ornla State Hos
pital. .:¦'. ¦ .-¦;¦-; - . -. -¦¦ .: • :.
:¦•¦-; S. . B. - 273, Caldwell— Appropriating : $20,000 for
a detached building nt the Southern California
Hospital * fo rt he I treatment of tuberculous I pa
tients. -...- ...,\-\ .^. ;.-.•.• :.'", ¦¦-..¦'."-. \i.'; '¦ ::.
SUMMARY OF NEW
MEASURES PRESENTED
: BY STATE SENATORS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Smith of Kern would be willing to take
Kings into his district, but Senator Smith
says his present district Is growing too
rapidly for that. Senator Rowell of Fres
no might take in Madera, however, and
then Senator Davis could be given Mono,
and Tuolumne could go into some one
else's district.
i Just -where Alameda was to get her ex
tra Assembly district was a secret until
to-day, when it came out that her plan
was to hitch Santa Cruz and San Benito
together. Each 13 an: Assembly district
and they Just touch corners. In fact,
where these two counties are supposed to
comply with the law requiring contiguous '
A. B. 350, Johnson— Appropriating 14930 65 to
pay claims of employes of tha State Printing
Office.
A. B. «1, John— Amending section 781 of the
Political Code, relating to notaries.
A. B. 352, Stewart of ¦ Han Diego— Amending
section 2 of the library bill of 18S0.
A. B. 353, James— To carry Into effect section
19 article XI of the constitution relating io
discrimination In price of. gas and electric
llEht.
Alameda's Plan to Capturfe an Extra Assemblyman Bids
Fair to Bring on a Lively Contest
Corletfs bill provides that, on the death
of, a husband, the community property
shall go to the wife without administra
tion, as it now eoes to the husband on the
death of a wife. Senator Sims started tha
debate by suggesting, ihat, as the bill had
been Introduced by request and was an old
bill weir known to the other, legislators,
he believed the proper course would be to
deny: it third reading «nd kill it at once.
Smith ' of ; Kern ; spoke in favor of the
measure as one giving the wife legal
rights with ' the husband regarding com
munity property;, as the theory of the lav/
contemplated. He said the bill would be
defeated, as the lawvers of the Senate
were against it, but he believed it' was a
good measure and he vrould vote for it \
This brought Davis; to: his feet with an
explanation of what the Judiciary Com
mittee bad about the bill and
a word or two in favor of lawyers, who
he said, would always be found fightlncr
for the purity, and justice of the law.
•Smith answered with the statement that
lawyers did - less for • society than any
other class and he believed that others not
lawyers were quite as competent to judsra
of the- value, of Jaws. Devlin also spoke
against the- measure. ¦--..-.-. -
: Nutt introduced a concurrent resolution
ratifying ; certain amendments to .the
charter of San Diego. The amendments
are to: allow 'the city to acquire Its own
water works. .: : . - . - .' ¦ _- ,
v Taylor Introduced a bill prohibiting the
killing of meadow larks at any time. It
Is : claimed ¦ the meadow - lark ¦ Is the onl v
native song bird of California. *
•¦¦¦ Lukens introduced a bill fixing- the max
imum penalty for. child stealing at twentv
years' imprisonment. :
¦Pace introduced a bill prohibiting the
kllingr of prouse, quail or deer in any na
tional rark. - ¦;¦-. '.. ¦•
;. T^r; Committee K on Federal '. Relations
reported • favorably * upon ; the resolution
requesting •; the President to , remove Dr
Kinyoun from the quarantine service on
this coast and recommended that it pass.
The committee also reported: similarly ion
the resolution regarding the admission of
: Chinese and Japanese laborers. \
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 18.— The Senate killed its
first bill. to-day by voting/down, by. 24 to
7, a motion to, allow Corletfs Senate bill
No. 17 a third reading. Incidentally the
value of lawyers aa members of society
was discussed. > „
SENATE VOTES DOWN
CORLETT'S COMMUNITY
PROPERTY MEASXJUE
territory to 'be included in one district is
a spot where the corners of Santa Clara,
Santa Cruz. Monterey and San Benito
come together. This. It is argued, will
allow Alameda to secure her extra man
by dropping one Assembly district off the
map so that she may pick it up. The plan
has not yet reached the two counties In
the Interested zone, but when It does trou
ble will follow.
The apportionment committee of the As
sembly, is beginning to take an Interest
In the subject, and next Monday Assem
blyman Carter, chairman of the commit
tee, will have a bill ready which will fur
ther complicate matters. The .fight will
,bejfln next week.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 18.— The following
blllB were Introduced in the Assembly to
day:
A B 827 Irish— Repealing the act of 1863. ln
eorooratlnK the town of Downlevlll«.
eorporaun* "g utherford _ Kegulat ing- the re
quirement* to admlMlon in the State normal
B< A?°B." 829, Macbeth-Pertalnlnr to primary
•lections. "^ , Macbeth _ Amen< si n » the amend
ment of 1898 to the act of 1893 creating a pub
lic school teachers' annuity and retlremeni
fU A d> B Ml Cromwell-Amending section 871
of the 'Penal Code relating to crimes against
th A P B- U SJ2 To prevent the epread
of 'infectious and contagious diseases among
111^' 333. Cromwell-To amend section 4S7
of the 'penal Cod*, dennlnjr grand : larceny.
A B 534. " Schleslngrer-PlaclnK Investment
companies ¦ under the ; supervision of the Bank
section. MS. 139.'
341 of the Penal Code and adding two new sec
lions relative to pawnbro tiers.
A B 338 Butler— Regulating the construc
tion of' culverts under roads. _
A B 837 Radclifte— Amending section 208 of
the 'Penal Code, relating to punishment for kld
n< A Jl B" 338. Radcliffe— Amending section 207 of
the Political Code, defining . kidnaping.
A B 339 Cowan— Amending section 1687 of
the' Political Code, relating to qualifications '01
teachers. Be nnlnk— Appropriating $7000 for
constructing storm water drains at the South
ern California State Hospital^ /• ?:.¦
A B 241. Bennlnk— Appropriating $20,000 for
a detached • building for the treatment ¦ of . tu
berculous patients at the Southern California
A C B 312. Bennlnk— Appropriating $50,000 for
making Improvements at the Southern Califor
nia State Hospital. _. . 1JL Z. '' '¦ "' •' '¦
A B 843 ¦ Bennlnk— Appropriating $92,000 for
a central building at the Southern California
State Hospital. .' r .
A. B 844. Bennlnk— Appropriating $2500 for a
heating plant at the Southern California State
Hospital. „ . -
A B. 345. Miller— Amending section 1222 of
the' Code of Civil Procedure. . relating to con
tempt*. - - ¦¦ ' MftHHttPtPtHRl
A. B. 348. Foster — Providing for municipal
Improvements In cities of COCO Inhabitants or
more. pymmXUtQ£BBBKmtBFQUJ&wU0
A. , B. 347. Simpson— To . create ' the office : of
State Sheep Inspector and to suppress and pre
vent dissemination ¦• of t scab among, sheep.. • "J.
A. B. 348, Chiles—^Amending section 752 of -the
municipal Incorporation act or 1F83. •
. A.xB. 349. "Chiles— Amending section- 751 of
the municipal Incorporation act of 1833. ; '* :
LIST OF NEW BILLS
PRESENTED BY MEMBERS
OF THE "LOVTEB. HOUSE
ALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
£ MENTO, Jan. 18.— Beyond the fact
ft » that San Joaquin is now awarded
to the First Congressional Dis
trict and Mendocino may be taken
from the First and put Into the Second,
the apportionment has made but little
progress.
Senator Davis objects to having his dis
trict of Amador, Alpine, Calaveras and
Mono changed to El Dorado, Amador, Al
pine, Calaveras and Tuolumne. The new
arrangement is, rather too close to being
Democratic. It could be fixed if Senator
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MEN'TO. Jan. 18.— Speaker Pendleton
found himself in the minority to-day, al
though he had the support of Grove L.
Johnson. Alden Anderson. Dunlap and
even the leadens of the Democratic minor
ity. Against his expressed wish the As
sembly adjourned at 11:80 o'clock until
11 o'clock Monday, and it would have
made It longer If it could have done so
without losing- pay.
The question came up on a motion of
Schlesingpr of San Francisco to adjourn
till 11 o'clock Monday. Johnson at once
arose to oppose the motion. He said:
••We are now at the end of the second
week of the Bersion, and the chief work
accomplished has been that of placing a
long list of attaches In positions where
they can render valuable services to the
State. I hope this motion will be voted
dflwn and that we will stay here and get
down to work en the bills which are now
back from the printer."
Schlesinger said that It was all very
well for Johnson, who lived here, to talk
in that strain, but members from San
Francisco and «lsewhere desired to ad
journ and get home to their families.
Guilfoyle said they did not want leaves
of absence — troy did not want the Assem
bly to be In session during their absence.
Melick offered an amendment providing
for a simple adjournment, which -would
have meant a session to-morrow mornirvr
at 9:30 but It was voted down. The result
was received with noisy hand-clapping
over In the San Francisco section, where
Houripan, Evatt. Bro^ra. Henry, Brady.
Franklin. McLaughlln. Collins. Butler.
Guilfojie and Brown form a galaxy that
has no duplicate.
Webber offered an amendment making
the hour for convening on Monday 12:30
!n«fad of 11 o'clock, and the galaxy fair
ly howled U« delighted acquiescence.
Dunlap suavely said that he favored the
amendment, as it would save the State
the salaries of- the entire Assembly for
thr<*« days, flnce If the adjournment were
to be uniil later than noon Monday— a
three davs' adjournment— pay would not
be receives for the days of the interim.
Vo loubt. he said, the mover and the
epntlemen from San Francisco would be
rlad of this Ravin* to the State.
The glow all left Webber's face in his
consternation at the thought of K4 slip
ring from his jrrasp. and he withdrew his
amendment. On roticxl.V Echleslnger's
nation was adopted by a vot2 of 4S to 20.
ASSEMBLY ADJOURNS
TILL MONDAY DESPITE
SPEAKER'S PROTEST
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 1<?.— The Senate Committee
on Contested Elections met to-night on
the contest of the election of "W. B. Lard
ner of the Fifth Senatorial District by
Ben C. Tabor. Senator Lardner was rep
resented by Fred B. Tuttle and Charles
A. Swifler as counsel. Tabor's attorneys
are Charles T. Jones and Elwood Bruner.
The complaint was examined and found
to be defective in that It made general
allegations of frauds in certain districts
instead of specific allegations as to their
character and the polling places where
they- occurred.
The defendant's counsel entered an oral
demurrer, which 'was sustained, and th s
plaintiff was given time to amend the
complaint. Tabor's attorneys will file an
amended complaint to-morrow and an
other hearing will be Riven the contest
at a meeting- of the committee on Monday
night.
The Assembly Judiciary Committee met
MENTO, Jan. IS.— The Senate Committee
on Reformatories to-day reported bade
that portion of the Governor's message
referring to the Paris Commission which,
had been referred to it. with the statement
that there was nothing about the com
mission or the message referring to it
which the Committee on Reformatories
could handle.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA-
SENATE COJOHTTEE
CLOSES THE PARIS •
! INQUIRY EPISODB
SAN JOAQUIN COUNTY IS PLACED
IN FIRST CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT
CODE COMMISSIONER A. C. FREEMAN AND SEVERAL OF THE MEMBERS OF THE JOINT COMMISSION ON
THE REVISION OF THE CODE OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA. THE SKETCHES ARE FROM LIFE BY A
CALL ARTIST.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 18.— Th* special committee
appointed yesterday to examine into the
previous condition of servitude of the As
sembly stenographers and their present
aversion to work made Its first recom
mendation to-day. , v Brown of San Mateo
offered a resolution providing that until
the order be revoked, the stenographers!
be required to report every morning • at J
o'clock to the chief clerk, to be assigned
by him to rooms where they could be
found ™y members. The resolution was
a< Brown said the committee was not yet
readv to report, but i.e would state that
ft had fourT that members were utterly
unable to find the stenographers or-ex
rpnt in the case of a favored few-to ge:
an P v work done V them. As he described
th J it would seem that the
RtraonaDhers resemble the traditional
"Irffian's flea" In their ability to got
off the map when they are wanted.
RECONCENTEADO IDEA
APPLIED TO ASSEMBLY
STENOGRAPHIC CLERKS
Smith declared this to be "a distinct,
open and flagrant violation" of an agree
ment binding all members of the Repub
lican caucus that no further additions to
the number of attaches be made or pro
posed.
Cutter made a spirited explanation. In
which he said that the employment of an
electrician for the Senate was needed and
would involve no Increase of the payrool,
because "Wicks would simply receive the
pay that had been drawn by a page wha
was to take the place now held by -Wicks
in the office of the Secretary of State.
Leavitt said that as yet no page has re
signed. Others spoke in opposition to tha
nppolntment and Cutter finally withdrew
his* resolution. _
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 13.— The matter of
patronage occupied much of the time of
the "Senate to-day. Cutter introduced a
resolution calling for the appointment of
William Wicks as electrician of the Sen
ate at wages of $3 50 a day. -
SENATE FROWNS DOWN
THE APPOINTMENT OF
ONE MORE ATTACHE
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 18.— The Joint rules were
reported to the Assembly this morning
and rule 23, relating to free conference,
aroused antagonism that caused the re
port to be laid over till Monday. Melick
voiced the opposition. He said the rule
gave to the free conference power which
should be retained by the Assembly and
would leave bills passed under such pro
cedure subject to question as to their
constitutionality.
James of Los Angeles moved an amend
ment by the addition of the word3 "but
the conferees may be discharged and other
conferees appointed and the bill referred
to theni, or the bill may again be re
ferred to the' same conferees."
On motion by Johnson the amendment
and report were laid over till Monday.
Concurrent resolutions relative to ap
proving the freeholders' charters of Pas
adena and Fresno were taken up in the
Assembly and in each case referred to
the Committee on Municipal Corporations.
The Judiciary Committee presented a
majority report on Assembly bill No. 81,
providing an extra clerk for the Attorney
General. The majority recommended it
for passage. ¦. Treadwell signed an ad
verse minority report.
Senate joint resolution No. 6. relating
to the protection of forests on national
reservations and the setting aside of
forests on Government land aa reserva
tions, was taken up. the rules suspended
and the resolution adopted.
©pedal Dispatch to The CalL
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 13.— Senators, Assembly
men, comrades of the Civil War and fel
low townsmen united to-day In paying
tribute to the memory of Barnabas Col
lins, the deceased Assemblyman from
Butte County. The funeral services, held
In the Assembly chamber at 2 o'clock,
were attended by a solemnity and im
presslveness befitting the last rites for a
man of unusual attainments and sterling i
character, struck down suddenly while In
the public service. \ '
The columns back of the Speaker's desk
were draped in black. On top of the
clerk's desk were placed a number of flo
ral pieces and in front, around the space
reserved for the casket, floral tributes
were heaped together In beautiful display.
• Senators and Assemblymen sat together
as in Joint assembly. The relatives and
immediate friends were seated in front
of the Assembly desks, and at the left
sat the members of the local Grand Army
posts, their standards furled and draped.
Lieutenant Governor Neff, President pro
tern Flint and Speaker Pendleton sat be
hind the Speaker's desk. ~ M ,V - „
The services began with "Nearer, My
God. to Thee," sung by a male quartet.
The funeral rites were conducted by the
Rev. Charles L. Miel, rector of St. Paul's
Church, assisted by the Rev. C. P. W11-.
FREE CONFERENCE
RULE k OPPOSED BY
ASSEMBLY MEMBERS
LEGISLATURE'S TRIBUTE
TO DEPARTED MEMBER
Impressive Funeral Rites Over the Body of
¦..**&'' Assemblyman Collins.
son, chaplain of the Assembly, and th*
Rev. "W. C. Evans, chaplain of the- Sen
ate. After the reading of the Episcopal
service by the Rev. Mr. Mlel. Chaplain
Wilson read from the scriptures and
made a brief address in eulogy of the de
ceased. The members of the local "Wo
man's Relief Corps conducted the simple
service of their ritual at the close of th»
Episcopal service. The pall-bearers were:
Representing the Senate of California-— Pre»»
Went' pro tern. Thomas Flint Jr., W. F. Ma#*
Irani, j. c. Sims.
Representing the Assembly of California—*
Speaker Cornelius TV. Pendleton, "W. B. Me-*
lick and K. E. Dun Jap.
Representing Grand Army of the Republic-*
Department Commander George M. Mott an<$
Collector of Internal Revenue H. C. Bell.
Representing the family of the deceased—*
Attorney General Ttrey L. Ford, State Prlnt«»
A. J. Johnston, Superior Judge Joseph W,
Hughes. City Justice W. A. . Anderson, Elwood
Brunei-. T. H. Barnard. "W. P. Knox and C,
K. McCIatchy.
The funeral procession was 'headed by
a band, and following the* hearse wer<«
carriages with the members of the Legis
lature, the Grand Army posts, the "Wo
man's .Relief Corps and friends. Inter
ment -*as in the State plot In the City
Cemetery. The members of the bodies
represented gathered In a circle about th<»
grave and tha flag- ceremony of the Grand
Army of the Republic was conducted,
ending with the sounding of "taps."
ASHE SEEKS TO TVTATrT!
INCTTRABLE INSANITY
OKOTJKD FOR. DIVORCE
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 13.— Senator Ashe Intro
duced a bill to-day adding Incurable In
sanity to the grounds for divorce already
mentioned In the statutes. In a separata
bill he provides that to constitute a causa
for divorce the insanity must have con
tinued for at least two years aftsr tha
party has been adjudged Insane and tha
plaintiff seeking divorce upon that
ground must prove to tho satisfaction off
the court that the insanity is incurable.
Section 1. \Every franchise or privilege to
erect or lay telegraph or telephone wires, to
construct or operate street railroads upon any
public street or highway, to lay gas pipes
for the purpose of carrying gas for power,
to erect poles or wires for transmitting elec
tric power along; or upon any public street or
highway, or to exercise any other privilege
whatever hereafter proposed to be granted by
boards of supervisors, boards of trustees, or
common councils, or other governing or legis
lative bodies of any city and county, city or
town within this Btate, except steam rail
roads, telegraph or telephone lines doing an
'ntersUte business, and renewals of franchises
for plera, chutes or wharves, shall be granted
upon the conditions In this act provided, and
not otherwise.
The sentiment of Los Angeles is strong
ly against the bill, because it Is believed
that in Los Angeles Its effects will be felt.
That, under conditions as they exist down
there, the bill favors the Southern Pacific
and the Santa Fe as against any line that
may wish to start within the county, or
as against such a system as the Salt Lake
system, there can be no doubt. It is the
hope of the delegation to arrive from the
south that It may so amend the bill as
to make its provisions equitable for all
companies, new and old, large and small.
In its present shape It is the general opin
ion it favors interstate companies as
against local companies so largely that
the local companies would have practi
cally no chance under its provisions.
The railroad franchise Is the one most
discussed in relation to the bill, but the
railroad franchise is only, one of those
which come under Its provisions. It places
no restriction upon what an extension
shall be, and whether or not it must be of
the- same character as the main system,
and there is nothing in the bill to prevent
the Southern Pacific, with thousands of
miles of track, runing an electric "exten
sion" through a few valuable blocks In
San Francisco and paying a percentage
on gross receipts proportionate to the to
tal earnings In the same relation as the
few blocks to the thousands of miles of
track. Under that provision the payment
upon such a franchise as the Third-street
line in San Francisco would be but a drop
In a reservoir.
The first section of the bill, describing
what it Intends to effect, is as follows:
It Is claimed, further, that under the
act a franchise may be held by the con
struction of but a part of the ¦ road for
which the franchise was granted and it Is
claimed still further that section 8, which
provides that nothing shall be inserted in
the franchise which will restrict free and
open competition, will have an effect op
posite to that Intended. It is said that
to establish transfer systems Is often the
principal reason for an application for a
franchise, and under this provision It
would be impossible to make a transfer
privilege contingent upon the granting of
the franchise.
Another feature of the bill which is
considered a bad one is that which allows
any one to bid against the highest bidder
after the sealed bids have been opened.
Under this provision' a bid can be raised
without limit. Low bids can be tent in
to catch the franchise should none be
high, and these low bids would not pre
vent the low bidders from coming in again
and bidding against the high one. -
It further requires that within twenty
four hours the full amount of his bid
must be deposited by the successful bid
der, and If he does not put up the amount
the franchise shall be granted to the
next highest bid. Under this clause it is
possible for the man who ran the bids up
to escape from his high bid and let the
amount down through the bids of his
friends until Just before It comes to- the
opposing bidders and then take the fran
chise.
A similar bill wa.i Introduced In the As
sembly by Macbeth.
Cowan Introduced In the Assembly •
bill providing that In schools having morel
than two teachers, beginners must bo
taught by teachers having at least two
years' experience or a certificate of grad
uation from a State normal school, tha
University of California or Stanford Uni
versity. Such teacher shall rank In salary?
with teachers of the first grade.
Rutherford introduced In the Assembly
a bill regulating the requirements for a<%
mission to State normal schools and pro*
vldtng for the nature of the courses os
study to be followed In such schools. B/
Its provisions the requirements for admis
sion to normal schools are graduation
from high schools, recommended by*
County Boards of Education or prepara
tion equal to such graduation. Tha
course of study shall cover a period oc
four years, divided as nearly as posslb'a
between professional and academic train
ing. A diploma from a State normal
school shall entitle its holder to teach in
any high school. A diploma showing th»
completion of two years of the course oc
study at a normal school shall entitle Ua
holder to teach In any primary or gram
mar grade.
San Francisco.
>
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Senator Welch Introduces a Measure That
Is of Interest to the Educators of
GALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. IS.— Senator "Welch
Introduced a bill to-day so amend
ing the act creating the teachers'
annuity fund as to allow teachers
¦who are appointed : to serve aa superin
tendents of schools, deputy superintend
ents or members of the boards of educa
tion to retain the benefits and privileges
of the fund. "When the present Superin
tendent, : Deputy Superintendents and
members pf the Board of Education in
San Francisco were appointed there was
no provision for allowing those who were
teachers to continue as members of the
annuity association: and there was no
provision to allow teachers who might In
future be appointed to such positions to
continue as 'members of the association,
the act contemplating only those who
were actively engaged in teaching.
Under the "Welch bill such appointments
of teachers will be no bar to their con
tinuing- as members of the association,
and their service in the offices mentioned
will be counted the same as If they had
been actively engaged Jn teaching.
AMENDS TEACHERS'
ANNUITY FUND ACT
Finds the Complaint of Contestant Tabor
to B* Defective.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COMMITTEE SUSTAINS
LARDNER'S DEMURRER
The bill. In section 2. provides that any
applicant for a franchise shall file with
the governing body of the municipality
en application, and then the governing
body may or may not advertise the same
for pale. It Is claimed that this provision
should be changed to compel the govern
ing body of a municipality to advertise
sn application for a franchise when a |
reasonable proportion of the people it is
Intended to affect shall petition the gov
ernipg body to make such advertisement, j
In section 3 the bill provides that the |
successful bidder must pay to the municl- |
pality "at least 2 per cent of the gross
annual receipts," leaving the definite per
centage to be paid a matter for the gov
erning 1kx5>- of the municipality to deter
mine. Under this general provision, it is
claimed, a road may be forced to pay a
percentage far above what it should cr
could, in order that it might bo forced
from the fifld to make way for some more
favored company.
In s-ectlon 4 the term "gross receipts,"
ai applied to a branch or extension. Is
0<=fir.ed as "one-half of the proportion of
total gross receipts of said system
which the mileage of such extension bears
to the total mileage of the whole system."
"To show how such a provision will
•work," eaid Mr. Rule this evening. "I
nted only refer to the street railway sit
uation In Los Angeles. The Los Angeles
Street Railway Company has forty miles
or more of track; the Traction Company
has ten or more. Under this provision
if each company applied for a franchise
to build a mile of track the Los Angeles
road would have to pay on but one-half
of one-fortieth, or one-eightieth, and the
Tractlcn Company would have to pay on
onee-half of one-tenth, or one-twentieth.
Or. if each built ten miles of road, the
Traction Company would have to pay on
one-half of its gross earnings and the
Los Angeles Company would have to pay
on only one-eighth. This Is a provision
that clearly favors an old and established
company and works against the extension 1
of a new and small one."
The objections Mr. Rule urges against
the measure are from the standpoint of
the Bait Lake road, which has already
tbrcrbed the Terminal Railway and is
making- ready to run a line from Los An
peles to Salt Lake. His first objection Is
that the bill leaves free access to any
rocd doing an Interstate business, leaving
out any provision for a road which has
a bona fide Intention to do an interstate
business.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 18.— Ferd K. Rule,
general manager of the Los An
geles Terminal Railway and
treasurer of the Salt Lake Rail
road Company, arrived in Sacramento this
evening to open the fight against the
franchise bill introduced by Assembly
man Broughton as Assembly bill IS and
by Senator Simpson as Senate bill 150.
His stay will be short and his care will
be to have all consideration of 'the bill
postponed in both houses until a delega
tion from Los Angeles shall have arrived
to oppose the present pleasure and sub
mit amendments. Acconding to Mr. Rule,
the people of Los Angeles are not fight
ing a franchise bill, for they are willing
there should be one among the statutes
of the State, but they claim such a meas
ure as is now before the Legislature is
prohibitive so far as small companies are
General Manager of the Los Angeles Term
inal Railway Points Out Its
Discrepancies. ;
OPENS FIGHT AGAINST
BROUGHTON MEASURE
FRANCHISE BILL CONTAINS DANGEROUS PROVISIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GAIilj. SATURDAY, JANUARY 19, 1901.
2
To Cure the Grip in T"wo_ Days ';'-.
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets. •;ant in a Suit.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 18.— A suit embody
ing sensational charges against Dr. F.
S. Byingtcn, head of the Jenner Sanitar
ium, .was filed here to-dcy. The plaintiffs
are Florence Duncan, ClauJe H. Boyce
and Mrs. Margaret Boyce. the latter be
ing the widow of the late Dr. J. F. Boyce,
and for many years owner of the prop
erty now occupied by the sanitarium. The
complainants allege that through misrep
resentations. Dr. Bylngton induced Mrs.
Boyce to sign papers conveying the own
ership of the property to him without
compensation. Dr. Bylngton denies the
charges ' and says that while it is true
that he has*1n his possession deeds cover
ing the property the entire transaction
was legitimate. ,
Other amendments agreed to provide
that the number of foreign vessels to be
admitted to American registry, provided
a like tonnage is built in the United
States, is limited to four vessels to each
firm for each class: that Is, four vessels
already built and four vessels for which
contracts have been made and not com
pleted. This will reduce foreign tonnage
that may be admitted to American . reg
istry from about 350,000 ton* to 200,000 tons.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 18.— One of the
amendments to the ship subsidy . bill
agreed to to-day by Senators Aldrich, Al
lison, McMillan and Spooner and accepted
by Senators Frye and Hanna is aimed at
the Standard Oil Company. It provides
that no compensation should be allowed
to oil tank vessels.
Aimed at the Standard Oil
Company.
Amendment to the Ship Subsidy Bill
NO COMPENSATION ON
OIL TANK VESSELS
The ordering of the previous question
gives the bill a tactical advantage, which
practically insures a vote on it when
called up again.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 18.— The House
spent the entire day to-day on the bill to
refer to the Court of Claims the claim of
the William Cramp & Sons Shipbuilding
Company of Philadelphia for alleged dam
ages due to the delay of the Government
In furnishing armor plate and material
for the battleships Massachusetts and In
diana and the cruisers New York and
Columbia. The bill has been conspicuous
at every session of Congress for several
years. It met with the strenuous and de
termined opposition of a portion of the
minority under the leadership of McDer
mott of New Jersey and Robb of Missouri.
A filibuster was finally begun, but its ad
vocates at length succeeded In having the
previous question ordered on the bill.
The House then adjourned.
It When Again Called.
Practically Insures a Vote on
Previous Question Is Ordered, Which
HOUSE CONSIDEHS
CEAMPS' OLD CLAIM
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUBURN, Jan. 18.— The jury in the case
of Russell Landis, charged with the mur
der of his wife, Lizzie Landis, at Rocklln
on the nieht of October 3 last, brouglit
In a verdict of murder in the second de
gree this afternoon after having been our
more than four hours.
Landis not only shot and instantly killed
his wife but immediately repaired to the
house of Constable W. J. Clydesdale and
emptied, the contents of a shotgun into
the Constable as he lay in bed reading.
Landis pleaded insanity, claiming that the
intimacy of his wife with Clydesdale had
so wrought upon his mind as to produce
temporary insanity, and for that reason
he was not responsible for his action.
The case was fought with the greatest
pertinacity by the prosecution and the de
fense. More than eighty witnesses were
BUbpenaed. Drs. Hatch and Hoisholt, two
experts upon insanity, were in attendance
upon the trial and testified in behalf of
the prosecution.
The verdict is believed to have been a
compromise, as it is understood that the
jury stood eight for murder in the first
degree to four for. acquittal on the first
ballot. Sentence will be pronounced by
Judge Prewett on Monday, February 11.
Finds Wife - Slayer Guilty
of Second - Degree
/ Murder.
DENVER, Jan. 18.— Two revolvers In the
hands of an lS-year-old girl put to flight
a robber who entered Max Dawedoff's
Jewelry store. 1745 Larimer street, last
night. The Jeweler's ' daughter, Laura,
had been warned to look out for suspi
cious persons. Miss Dawedoff, her brother
Morris and his chum, "William Carmody,
had charge of the store during the even
ing. Dawedoff went out on an errand
JURY'S VERDICT
AGAINST LANDIS
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 18.— The reception
accorded Mr. and Mrs. | Wallace Shaw of
the Frawley company upon the occasion
of their first "meal in this city is one that
they will long remember. It -was not of
the bouquet throwing, glad hand kind,
•but one which landed them in the police
station and forced them to undergo the
ignominy of being searched by the police.
Mr. and Mrs. Shaw arrived in Los Ange
les this morning with other members of
the Frawley company. Walking down
Spring street they noticed a bakery and
lunchroom. The windows looked so inviting
that the couple, dusty and travel stained,
went in to get their matin meal. They
gave their order and ate what was served
them, but when they started to go out
of the restaurant ; they got no further
than the cashier's desk. A waiter, ac
cording to one of the people at the res
taurant, charged the couple with stealing
silverware. SfiBBBsyUi^ \
A policeman was called in, even though
both Mr. and Mrs. Shaw protested their
Innocence. The policeman did not have
a warrant and had not seen the act com
mitted which was charged against the
couple, and, . of course, he could not
search them. They were asked to accom
pany him to the police station, which
they did.
At the station a policeman searched Mr.
Shaw, while the matron performed a like
service for Mrs. Shaw. Needless - to say
no silverware or plated ware was found
upon their persons.
Both Mr. and Mrs. Shaw are much cha
grined at having had ' to ...march : through
the principal streets to the police station.
Though well known In this city through
their prominence upon the stage, they feel
that now they are known to hundreds of
persons in a light far different from that
in which they are accustomed to shine.-
Wallace Shaw and His Wife
Figure in an Annoying
and was gone only a few minutes when a
well-dressed young man entered and
walked toward the safes at the rear.
"I asked him what he wanted," said
Miss Dawedoff to-night when she reported
the case to the police, "and he said he was
after money, and wanted it quickly. Wil
lie was scared and so was I, but I grabbed
two revolvers which were on a shelf near
me. One was loaded and the other was
waiter- accuses
actor of Theft
The thief is short, of dark complexion
and well dressed. It is only a month
since a robber stole a tray of diamonds
worth $400 from Dawedoff s store.
not, but that didn't make any difference,
for I never fired a revolver in my life. I
pointed both revolvers at the man and
told him to get out of the store or I
would shoot him and he ran away. I
wouldn't have shot him at all, for I was
awfully scared."
the whole conversation. When the money
was passed Bilderrain left the office and
was immediately placed under arrest. His
trial has been watched with interest by
the "purity" element and his conviction
is regarded as a great victory.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 18.— Mrs. Locati. who
resides at the West End. was this evening
badly burned about the face while lighting a
flre with coal oil. She prqbably will lose her
eyesight.
Nevills of San Francisco has sued City
Marshal B. 'M. Baker of San Pedro for
$10,000 damages. In h!3 complaint Nevilla
swears that with his wife he peaceably
entered Baker's office to pay taxes and
was placed under arrest without cause
and imprisoned "in a dirty room for an
hour." Marshal Baker asserts that Nevtlla
grew violently angrry over a difference as
to the amount of taxes to be paid and
shook his fist in the Marshal's face, and
that his arrest was for cause.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 13.— Colonel W. A.
STEVXLI.S SITES TOVTN MAESHAL.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— Walter C. Mc-
Allster, Andrew J. Campbell and William
Death, three of the four persons indicted
for the murder of Jennie Bosschieter, a
mill girl of Paterson, N. J., who was mur-.
dered on the night of October IS last,
were to-night adjudged guilty of murder
in the second degree. According to the
New Jersey law. the maximum penalty
for the prisoners is thirty years. The
jury took fifteen ballots, and after sum
moning Judge Dlxon and the prisoners,
filed into the courtroom. The prisoners
appeared very nervous.
McAllster seemed more excited than
any of the others. He sat biting his lips
while waiting. Campbell thrust his
hands into his trousers pockets and
clinched his fists in them. Death looked
anxiously about the courtroom for a mo
ment, and then assumed the attitude of
Campbell. When i the verdict was an
nounced the prisoners evinced neither ela
tion nor relief.
Judge Dixon thanked the jury and said
he believed the verdict a just one. He
dismissed the jurors until Monday morn
ing. The court then rose and the pris
oners were taken back to the jail.
BRAVE GIRL ROUTS BOLD ROBBER
BY A DISPLAY OF TWO REVOLVERS
WICHITA, Kans.. Jan. IS.— A dispatch
reached here to-night giving meager par
ticulars of the holding up of the Bank of
Bristow, Indian Territory, 'by outlaws,
and stating«.that the president of the bank
was shot, five times and mortally wound-
ed. The robbers got away with the bank's
cash, but -a posse Is in hot pursuit. Bri3
tow is a small town in Indian Territory
east of Guthrie.
SLAYERS OF MISS JENNIE BOSSCHIETER
CONVICTED OF SECOND-DEGREE MURDER
ROBBERS RAID THE BANK AT BRISTOW
AND MORTALLY WOUND ITS PRESIDENT
each. Necessary to a choice 26. No elec
tion.
The vote for the short term— William
Saulsbury, Democrat, 22; J. Edward Ad
dicks, Union Republican, 16: Charles F.
Richards, regular Republican, 11; Benja
min Nields, regular Republican, 1; John
Bray, Democrat, 1. . Total, 51.
To-day's wa^ the fourth baUot taken
ar.d the third joint ballot.
SALTj LAKE. Utah. Jan. 18.-d.fter tak
ing ten ballots to-night the Republican
Senatorial caucus failed to make a choice
and adjourned further balloting until
Monday. The result of the tenth ballot
was as follows: W. S. McCormick, 9; Ar
thur L. Thomas, 8; Thomas Kerns, 8; Ar
thur Erown, 5; George M. Cannon, 4; O.
J. Salisbury, Reed Smoot and C. E. Allen,
1 vote each.
OVER. Del.. Jan. 18.— The Dela
ware Legislature continued its
voting for two United States Sen
ators to-day, with this result:
For the full term— Richard R.
Kenny, Democrat, 23; J. Edward Addicks,
Union Republican, 1G; Henry A. Dupont,
regular Republican. S: William C. Spring
er, Levy Bard, Anthony Hig-gins, William
S. Hilles, regular Republicans, one vote
TWO DELAWARE REPUBLICANS WHO ARE MAKING A STRONG FIGHT FOR THE UNITED STATES SENA
TORSHIP. THREE JOINT BALLOTS HAVE ALREADY BEEN TAKEN WITH LITTLE OR NO CHANGE IN
THE GENERAL RESULT, AND A DEADLOCK IS FEARED.
Amendment Prohibiting Importation
of Intoxicating 1 Liquors Into
the Philippine Islands
Is Defeated.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 18.-Just before 3
o'clock the Senate disposed of the armv
reorganization bill. The measure havinj?
originated in the Senate, the final quea 5
tion was not fipon its passage, but upon
agreeing to the Senate amendments. Tiiey
were agreed to by a vote of 43 to 23. While
party lines were drawn upon the measure,
four Democrats voted for it— Senators
Lindsay cf Kentucky, McLaughlin o.*
South Carolina, Morgan of Alabama and
builivan of Mississippi. Senator Hoar of
Massachusetts, who was aculnetl at nis
home by illness, was paired aguin.si the
bin wiui Bn* t ur Spuoiicr or Vvtscouttln.
The bill nas occupied practically me en
tire atltniiun of me beaate since January
'•i, when it was made tne itmmished dusi
ness. While ihe opposition ,±o it at all
stages was vigorous ix. never was bitter.
.Numerous aiatnfl:nents'wt-re mauc to :t,
but In general ihe commit lee was sus
tained and the measure, with the excep
tion of the elimination ot the canteen
clause, is not widely different from ttiat
reported to the fcenate.
determined effort was made to-day to
amend the bill so as to provide against
the sale ot llQuor in tlie Philippines aiul
to prohibit the importation ot any xlni
of intoxicants into the Islands, but it was
defeated. ,
A notable speech was delivered durins
the day by Hale of Maine, who. while op
posing the Increase in the strength of the
array, stated cogently his reasons for sup
porting the bill. Every effort to prevent
the increase in the strength of the army
was defeated by a decisive majority.
As the bill originated in. the Senate it
will go directly to the conference com
mittee appointed by the two branches of
Congress.
Hale of Maine, in a brief but forceful
and earnest speed), enumerated some of
the reasons why he should vote for the
pending bill, lie thought the only ques
tion involved in the discussion was wheth
er the proposed army was needed- He
wished all the advocates of the bill had
been as frank in their utterances as Sew
ell of New Jersey, who had admitted that
probably TO.OpO men would be needed in
the Philippines for several years. Hale
ra!d he would be glad if the form of ne
gotiation with the Filipinos could have
been adopted as a means of settling: the
pending conflict, but Senators did not ap
prove of it. Ho believed, too, it would
; be better to attach a temporary force to
the present standing army, but the Senate
would not hear to that. He pointed out
that unless this bill ¦was passed theie
would be in the Philippines after July 1
next, only about 20.000 American soldiers.
Pressed by the Filipino forces they would
be '•hemmed in Manila" and would be
'•luckj- if they were not driven Into the
sea." He added:
"No man, no party, could stand upon
such a condition. Therefore I am con
strained, a? much as I am opposed to it,
to support this measure."
Hale declared that a standing army of
SQ.000 provided every soldier needed by
this country in time of neace. but he
•would vote for the pending bill because
"without it an almost immeasurable
disaster and tragedy might befall tho
army in the Philippines."
Spooler declared the prohibition amend
ment offered by Gallinger was essentially
mischievous. Stewart and Foraker op
posed the prohibition amendment
Perkins of California offered an amend
ment, which was agreed to, providing for
the payment of J2O0 to each soldier now
in the Philippines whose term will ex
pire before July 1 next and who will re
enlist for three years.
Spooner suggested an amendment leav
ing the fixing of the oa.y of native troops
to the discretion of the Secretary of War.
It was agreed to. •
McComas suggested several amend
ments, which -were agreed to. They strike
out the age limit for volunteer officers to
be examined for the grades of captains
and first or second lieutenants and to in
clude in those eligible for such examina
tion volunteer officers 'who served prior to
1S3S..
Gallinger then offered a new section to
the bill providing tha*. all licenses for the
sale of liauor in the Philippines hereto
fore granted be revoked and that none
hereafter be granted and that the impor
tation of beer, wine and distilled spirits
into the islands be prohibited. The amend
ment was rejected — 23 to 43.
An amendment offered by Lodge fixing
the allowances for c'f thing and rations
of the native Porto Rican soldier was
adopted.
Bacon proposed an amendment striking
out of the bill the oaragraphs authoriz
ing the President to increase the number
of men in any company of infantry, any
troop of cavalry, any battery of artillery
to the maximum. Rejected— 22 to 43.
Many amendments changing the bill in
minor particulars were offered, but as a
rule they were rejected without division.
The measure havine orginated in the
Senate, the question .hen was upon agree
ing to the bill as amended. The motion
to agree was adopted— 43 to 23— the de
tailed vote being as follows:
Ayes — Aldrich. Allison Bard, Burrows
Carter. Clark, Deboe, Dillingham, DollL
ver. Elklns, Foraker, Foster, Frye. Gal
linger. Hale. Hanna, Hansbroujrh, Haw
ley. Kean. Kyle. Lln^Hay.- Lodge. McCo
mas. McCumber, McLauren. McMillan,
Mason, Morgan, Penrose, Perkins, Platt
(Conn.). Pritchard. Proctor. Quarles,
Scott, Sewell, Shoup, Simon. Stewart, Sul
livan. Thurston. Warden, Wetmore — 43.
Noes— Allen. Bacon. Bate Berry, .Caf
fery, Chilton. Clay, f'ockrell, Culberson,
Daniel. Harris, Jones (Ark.). Kenney,
Mallnry. Pettus. Rawlhis. Talliaferro. Tel
ler, Tillman, Towne, Turiey, Turner, Wel
lington—23.
The measure was sent to conference be
tween the two houses. Senators Hawler
(R.) of Connecticut. Proctor (R.) of Ver
mont and Cockrell (D.) of Missouri be
ing appointed conferrees on the part of the
Senate.
The Senate then at 5:50 adjourned.
Measure Will Now Go to a
Committee of the Two
Houses.
SENATE DISPOSES
OF ARMY BILL
STRIKE DELAYS
GOVERNMENT WORK
Cuba Raises Another Interest-
Discharge of Delegates
Causes Trouble in the
Nixon Shipjards.
Seizure of Diamonds Destined for
ing Question Regarding
the Island.
NEW YORK. Jan. IS -A strike in the
Nixon Shipyards at Elizabeth, N. J..
threatens to tie up the yard and greatly
delay the Government work now in pro
gress on ships for the navy, besides a
number of private contracts, including
five submarine beats.
The strike took place because nine al
leged non-union carpenters were em
ployed. A delegation of four men. repre
senting the carpenters, painters, joiners
and calkers, •raited on Mr. Nixon and
asked If he would not discharge the men.
He refused to treat svith the men and in-
Fioad if dischcLrsi^S the non-union men,
cischarg<<i the dolt-sates.
This action greatly incensed the men
and they treat on a strike.
Seizure cf Diamonds.
rr.!t' ¦ State* Marshal A'.cott of the
N« v Jersey district has formally seized
in this city JIT.CJO worth of diamonds
¦which were brought into Jhis country by
j\ntonio Ansenlu without paying duty on
them. The goods wcro found en Axisen
lauf person by Udted States Customs of
:i^ia!s as Ansenias wa.s leaving .1 steamer
<'f the Hamburs-Amfrican Line at lio
liokcn. Ansenlas was not urrested. but
.the diamonds will be held pending a de
cision by the Treasury Department as to
whfthtr he 1? guilty of snuggling. His
defence is that be is a Cuban merchant
and that he If merely passing thrrugh this
country en his way to Cuba. The dia
mond* were concealed in pockets of a
larjre belt which Ansenias had around his
body and wore accidentally discovered by
a customs inspector who happened to
place his hand en Ar.scnias' back as the
latter was U-ar.inz over a trunk. There
e.re 1T6 separate articles of an appraised
valuation of $11,000. which, with €9 per
cent duty added, would make them worth
$17.CX>.
Protective Tariff league.
The sixteenth annual mooting of the
American Protective Tariff League has
fast been held in this city. General of
'A'-cts and standing committees were
• lf-cted a? follows: President, Charles A.
Moore; rim vice president. L. E. Cannon;
Frcond vice president. Joseph E. Thropp;
treasurer. Chester Griswold.
Executive committee — William Barbour
oi Xew Jersey. P. C. Cheney of New
Hampshire, James Phillips Jr. of Massa
chusetts. Franklin Murphy of New Jersey
and Alfred Ray of New York.
Koard of managers <exriration of term.
January. 15^5)— Calvin Wells of Pennsyl
vania, James Phillips cf Massachu
¦ Frtts. Francis E. Warren of Wyoming. F.
S. Y\ itherbee of New York and Homer
Lauchlin of California; expiration of
term. January, l?03— James F. Hanson of
Georgia, Charles A. Moere of N.-w York.
William Barbour of New Jersey and
Charles E. Coffin of Maryland: expiration
of term. January, K*»4 — Geonre M. Land
ers of Connecticut. E. A. Hartshorn of
N>-w York. A. B. Juilliard of New York
• The<v5ore M. Ives of New York and Joseph
Tl. Thropp of Pennsylvania.
Californians in New York.
The following Cahforr.ians are In New
"York: From San Francisco — D. J S
Webster, at the Navarre; W. Anderson
at the Vendome; F. M. Farrar at the
Nctherland; G. Johnston, at the Cosmo
politan: P. J. Schmidt, at the Herald
Square; D. Hearfleld. at the Union
Square; J. Brenner, W. R. NIefer at the
Herald Square; C. R. Tobin, at the Im
perial; J. W. Raphael, at the Savoy. ,
From Los Angeles — Mrs. Fletcher and
II. Itaars. at the CcdfHae.
From San Jose — J. Naiion, at the Cad
illac.
From Sacramento— F. A. Lyon. at the
Psrk Avenue.
LONDON, Jan. 13.— A Paris special
says: The list of decorations of the Le
gion of Honor bestowed on Americans in
connection with the Paris Exposition was
published to-day. It id as follows:
Promotion to be commander— Somervllla
Pickney Tuck, president of the Interna
tional Court at Cairo.
To be officers— Fred Brackett, John A.
Cauldwell. Charles T. Cook. William Deer-
Ing, James T. Gore. Cyrus H. McCormick.
J. Pierpont Morgan, Augustus St. Gau
dens, John La Farge, Frederick V. Skiff.
To be cavaliers— ililward Adams. Lieu
tenant Commander Baker, Tarlton Bean.
Faul Blackman, Sylvanie Block. Alexan
der Capehart, George M. Chartler. Frank
WIgslesworth, Charles Coolidge, Edward
"\V. Davton. Charles E. Dodge.
Francis K. Drake, James W. Duntley.
Gccrge M. Eastman, Thomad B. Eagan,
Daniel C. French, John Getz. George W.
Ochs, Alexander Gordon. Clement A. Gri.s
ccai, Thomas A. Hastings. Franklin M.
Head, Carl Hering. Edward Holbrooi;,
James W. Howard, Henry SI Howe, Louis
M. Howland. 11 M. Ilulbert. B. EL Hunt
ley, William G. Irwin of Hawaii. H. K.
Krehbiel, Robert S. McCurdy. John Mac-
Gibbon, Mrs. Daniel Manning, Mrs. Pot
ter Paimer, Michel H. de Young. Charles
Miller of Pennsylvania, Francis D. Millet.
William J. P. Loore. Charles A. ilocro
of New York, Morton P. Otis of the New
York Commission, John S. Patterson.
George R Post, Francis C Pratt of Hart
ford, Gonzolo Quesada of Cuba. John K.
Reeae. a professor of the New York Cnl
versity; F. W. Rice, Howard Robern,
Charles T. Schoon of Pittsburg, Lyman C.
Smith. William A. Smith. A. O. SpauMinsr.
Ambrose Swasy, R. W. Ra-xier. Louis C\
Tiffany, George Westinghcuae, George S.
Wllking, William F. Willoughby of Wash
ington and Luclen Wulfln.
The Government has be«n profuse !n the
decorations bestowed upon Americans.
An examination of the list shows all the>
officers of the United States Commission
to the exposition, all the directors, two
woman members and Mr. de Toons,
president of the Xational Commission, as
well as thirteen American representatives
of various juries and twenty-one ex
hibitors.
The decoration of the ladles i3 quite a
distinction, as the honor Is seldom be
stowed upon women.
Ferdinand TV. Peck had already been
made a grand officer. Mr. Luck is now
made a commander, while the ten of
ficers named to-day make eleven in all
as Benjamin D. Woodward received the
honor last August.
This is the first list of foreign decora
tions made public and as yet there Is no
opportunity to compare it with the lists
of decorations bestowed upon the peopla
of other countries.
"Would PToIiibit Masses.
A Paris special says: In the Chamber
of Deputies to-day M. de Jeante, Social
ist and a workincman. moved the prohi
bition of the celebration of masses on the
occasion of the opening of Parliament.
The Minister of Justice. M. Monis, op
posed the motion, pointing out that public
prayers are in accordance with the pro
visions of the concordat, and that the
ceremony announced- by the Archbishop
of Paris, Cardinal Richard, for Sunday
next was therefore in nowise illegal.
The Chair.ber by a vote of 317 to IjI
shelve*! the motion.
Students Expatriated.
A special from St. Petersburg saya:
One hundred and fifty students recently
arrested at Kief for engaging in politi
cal agitation have been ordered expatri
ated to Port Arthur, where they will rio
military service. The same fate awaits
scores of students arrested at the capital
on a similar charge. The ferment con
tinues among students throughout the
country. Disturbances are anticipated.
Strict "Watch, Over Carlists.
A Madrid special says: The police con
tinue to keep a strict watch over the
Carllsts. Arrivals from the frontier say
Carllst agents are overrunning the con
tiguous French territory. recruiting
among the refugees and Spanish desert
ers, offering 2 franca per day, arms and
uniforms, with small success. The Gov
ernment claims the Carlist ! agitation "In
the northern provinces is unimportant,
owing to the precautions taken.
Esterhazy's Appeal Rejected.
A' Paris special Bays: The Council of
State has rejected Count Esterhazy's ap
peal against the decree cashiering him in
the' army. -
Scores of Russian Students Convicted
of Political Agitation to Ba
Expatriated for Mili
tary Duty.
Offices and Ribbons of the
Legion of Honor Ar«
Bestowed.
DECORATIONS
FOR AMERICANS
WASHINGTON, Jan. IS.— The Republi
can Senators decided to-day not to set a
day, at least for the present, for taking
up the Nicaragua canal bill. The decision
was reached after an hour and a half
spent in caucus and was unanimous. The
caucus was called largely because of Sen
ator Morgan's importunities in behalf of
the bill and an effort was made to effect
a satisfactory solution of the problem.
There was a general exchange of views
and many speeches weie made, but after
ajl had been said the Senators concluded
that so long as Great Britain's attitu;le
toward the amendments to the Hay-
Pauncefote treaty is undefined it would
not be wise or expedient to agitate the
question of the construction of the pro
posed canal.
Senator Allison, chaJiman of the cau
cus, was authorized to make this state
ment to Senator Morgan and other friend i
of the canal bill and -to the public in gen
eral. In giving it out he laid stress upon
the fact- that this conclusion was .'"for
the present." He also stated that the
question of what attention should be
given to the ship subsidy bill and to the
appropriation bills waa not discussed and
that "the matter Is in the hands of the
Senate."
The decision of the caucus was em
bodied in a resolution pi evented by Sena
tor Lodge. wTio stated that the conclu
sion 'as thus set forth was the result of
the best deliberations cf the Committee
on Order of Business. He expressed hi*
own firm conviction that at least for tha
present it would be out of place to press
the canal question while the treaty is
still a subject of negotiations and Eng
land's attitude is not completely defined.
Notwithstanding the fcrmal decision to
leave the canal question in abeyance for
the time being several Senators gave no
tice that in case there should be a mo
tion to take up the canal bill they would
not be bound by the resolution adopted
but would vote for a motion to consider.
In this expression of independence Sena
tor Piatt of New York was the leader.
He said he considered the proposed canal
of prime importance and would not re
frain from voting to take it up whenever
a motion to that effect was made. Sena
tors Simon, Foster and Bard followed
with similar declarations.
No decision was reached upon other
questions because no formal action was
considered necessary. There was, how
ever, considerable discussion of other
questions. Among these were the ship
subsidy bill, the war revenue reduction
bill, the confirmation of Mr. Harlan as
Attorney General of Porto Rico, the rati
fication of the treatv with Spain for the
acquisition of some of the Philippine
Islands, not included in the original Paris
treaty and the appropriation bills.
• Senator Hanna expressed' his desire to
have the ship subsidy bill passed upon
during the present session and said that
with the army bill out of the way he
should ask that the decision arrived at
early in the session to press the ship
subsidy would be adht-red to. \
Hanna was reminded of the necessity oT
giving first attention to the appropriation
bills and he said that he fully understood
that and he only meant to ask that the
subsidy bill should receive attention when
the appropriation bills were not up for
consideration.
There was general assent to this propo
sition, but it was suggested that there
were other subjects which should be
passed upon before- adjournment, but
which it was believed would require a
great deal of time. Senator Aldrlch ex
plained in this connection the necessity
of getting the war revenue reduction bill
through during the session, and he stated
that he hoped to be able to report it from
the Committee ,on Finance during the
early part of next week. Aldrich also
said that he hoped to secure a unanimous
agreement from the committee, and that
if successful he hoped the Senate would
not require a great deal of time. To get
the bill through promptly it was neces
sary there should be no effort to amend
it by putting on tariff amendments. To
attempt anything in that line would, he
said, opeivup the entire tariff question,
and the only safe course was to leave
the b.»l as It now was, an internal reve
nue measure only.. There was general as
sent to this proposition, and assurances
were given that the caucus would sustain
him in that position.
Senator Foraker stated that he would
again seek to get up the Harlan nomina
tion at the first opportunity, and he asked
that Republican Senators remain in suf
ficient numbers to guarantee a quorum
because of Senator Pettigrew's notice
that he should require a- roll call on the
vote to confirm. The importance of get
ting the Spanish treaty through was pre
sented by Senator Lodge, who said that
the ratification of the treaty was neces
sary to clean up our dealings with Spain.
Senator Proctor also asked time for con
sideration of the oleomargarine bill. Sen
ator Hale replied to this request that the
bill had not yet been reported from Sen
ator Proctor's committee. To this the
Vermont Senator replied the committee
would be prepared to report next week.
Hanna Urges- That the Ship Sub
sidy Bill Be Finally Passed
Upon T>uring Present
Session.
Unanimous Agreement of
Republican Senatorial
Caucus, i;
NO DATE SET
FOR CANAL BILL
— -..¦¦¦'.-¦ -y
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 19, 1901.
Although Four Ballots Have Been Taken, the Leading Can
didate Still Needs Three Votes.
CONTEST FOR THE SENATORIAL
TOGA STILL ON IN DELAWARE
Convicted of • Bribery.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 18.—YgnacloBIl
derrain, well known in local sporting, cir
cles ' as the , trusted ; lieutenant ; of • "Poker"
Davis; was convicted to-day" of . bribery.
According, to the testimony In /the -case
Bllderrain • called upon Humane • Officer
Craig and offered ; him a - bribe to permit
cock-fighting'. Craig, communicated -.with
Chief of ; Police I Elton, who secreted him
self in a closet in the office and overheard
ACCUSED OF FRATJD.
Dr. Byington of Saita Rosa Defend-
3
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Quinlne Tablets. . . •
A GIRL'S BEST FRIEND IS HER MOTHER.
_ ,- Kenoaha, Wls., Nor. 15, 19C0.
WjLHireB's Satb Cmts Co., Roche«t«r, N. Y.
¦^Gentlepen :— I know Warner's 8af»Cur« saved my Ufa. Last^pring I hod a sever*
attack of isondice with other complications, which laid ra» up for ser«f«l weeks. I lost >
my appetite, became nervous and irritable, lost flesh and courage and found bo relief.
As the doctor's prescription did not help me mother talked with our druggist, who advised
her to try Warner's Safe Cure. She brought me a bottlo and as that seemed to help me I f
tried another, and then another and inside of a month I was well and have enjoyed rood
health ever since. I gladly endorse your splendid medicine. •
MISS CLARA ARNDT, Soc'y North Shore Gorman Cmb.
/ , BACKACHE AND HEADACHE CURED.
Gentlemen :— Last spring I contracted a BewereccJd which I neglected, to viorrow.
It settled in my kidneys, producing inflammation, with severe backache and continual
headasbe. We had a part of a bottle of Warner's Safe Cure in the house wtdefc my brother
To my surprise I bepan to mend very rapidly. I took a second bottle aad a third and
. " kept on improving tutu aG the end of five weeks I was entirely welL
RESTORED TO COMPLETE HEALTH.
Wakjtir'8 Sate Cote C3.. Rochester, N. T. Brooklyn. . *.. 3,
Gentlemen :— Warner"* Safe Cure is the only medicine that could ever cttre me. I wb*
afflicted with female trouble brought on by betn? thrown from a carnage In a rtmaway
"-. - :¦¦ *-' in the fall of 93. I spent hundreds of dollars oa doctors and medicines wtthos« rehef, but
. Warner's Safe Care restored me to health in two months, ily Reaerai health is also
Write 'Warner's Safe Cnre Co., lmprored aad I would not be without it in my home lor ten times Ha cost.
Rc^ester^^fora^fiaarplo. Accept hearty thanto from Y^ gntte^ > V^ J^ TOWNSZ^
. Vice-president Young People's Christian Temperance Union. 2T1 Schanawhora St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHANGE OF CLIMATE
Not Necessary in Order to Cure
Catarrh.
The popular Idea that the only cure for
chronic catarrh is a change of climate is a
mistake, because catarrh is found in all
cl'.rr.ates in all ructions of the country,
and even if a change of climate should
benefit for a time, the catarrh will cer-
tainly return.
Catsrrh may be readily cured In any cli-
rnatp, but the only way to do It is to de-
stroy or remove from the system the ca-
tarrhal germs which cause all the mis-
chief.
The treatment by inhalers, sprays, pow-.
<*.r-rs and washes has been proven almost
i.'i-'-Iefs in making a permanent cure, as
they do not reach the seat of disease,
•which is In the blood and can be reached
only by an internal remedy, which acts
throusrh the stomach upon the blood and
eymLexa pcntrally.
A new discovery which is meeting with !
remarkable success in curing catarrh ot
th" hf-ad. throat and bronchial tubes, and
e!?o oetarrh of the stomach, is sold by
drugpij=ts under name of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets. /
These tablets, which are pleasant and
harrnlp<=.« to take, owe thoir efficiency to
the active medicinal principles of Blood
Root. Red Gum and a new specific called
tiuaiacol. which, topothor with valuable
ar.tiFf-plics, are corabinrd In convenient
palatable tablet form and as valuable for
children as for adults.
Mr. A. B. Fernbank of Columbus. Ohio
pay?: I Fuffered eo many winters from
Catarrh that I took it as a matter of
course, and that, nothing would cure it
except a change of climate, which my
business affairs would not permit me to
take.
My noetrils were almost always clogged 1
¦up. I had to breathe through the mouth
causing an Inflamed, irritated throat. The
thought of eating breakfast often nause-
eted me, and the catarrh gradually get-
tin*r Into my stomach took away my ap-
petite and digestion.
My druggist advised me to try a 50-cent
box of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, because
he Brtii he had 6O many customers who
had beer* cured of Catarrh by the use of
these tablets that he felt he could honest-
ly recommend them. I took his advice
and ub*<5 several boxes, with results that
surprised and delighted me.
I always keep a box of Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets in the house, and the whole fam-
.ily use them freely on the first appearance
of a cough or cold in the head.
With our children we think there Is
nothing no safe and reliable as Stuart's
Catarrh Tablets to ward off croup and
colds, and with older people I have known
of cases where the hearing had been se-
riously impaired by chronic catarrh cured
entirely by this new remedy.
Cp Hoffmanettes fin
vlu fiisrar vU
THE KILSON CO.. Makers. N. Y.
HAD, EA.DLEB ft CO., Distributers. Bin fnseUet.AT the enfl of this month the Pa
cific Athletic Association will hold
one of its old-time championship
boxing tournaments for all
classes. In former days these
glove contests drew out bunches of young
aspirants and the sport furnished was
surprisingly gocd. For several years'am
ateur boxing has. retrograded, but It
seems now to be in a fair way to return
to its former nourishing state.
The great feeding ground of boxers, the
Olympic Club, is alive with the men of
mits. Day and night De Witt Van Coun.
who Is handling the Olympians, and Al
Lean, who is training them, are kept busy
with a score of these young ring perfcS'rni
ers, who work not for a monetary con
sideration, but for fistic glory and a
medal. The Olympic Club will be repre
sented In the tournament by the greater
number of boxers, although the Reliance.
Alameda and outride clubs will have quite
a few of their own men in the llststo con-
test against the local clubmen. The entry
list of boxers will be so long this year that
three days will be consumed in the work-
Ing of the tournament. .
'Of all the Olympic entries W. J. Leon
ard Is rated as the. cleverest and fastest.
He is essentially a boxer, as his perform
ances in the tournament of 1S99. when he
won the Oelrichs belt, demonstrated.,
Weighing 125 pounds, he was in the same
class as J. L. Scholes. the-. American
champion, and they, met last year in the
Olympic tournament. Scholes took first
and Leonard second prize in this class.
H. W. Finke. 145 pounds, came out of
the tournament of 1900. with more than
glowing honors. He defeated Dukelow,
the American champion, and by doing so
won the distinction of being the only Call
fornian who outdistanced any of the visit
ors.
Then there will be Jimmie Britt. more of
a fighter than a boxer, but a clever man
at that. He will be In the 133-pound class.
Frank McConnell, the 115-pound cham
pion, will be there with his fists, and Dan
Danzlger. a bantam a year ago, will be
in the 125-pound class for this tourna
ment. Denny Carroll has lost no time in
training, and every ounce of his 135 pounds
will be felt. Joe Doyle is the representa
tive in the 145-pound class.
Seventy-three applications have been re
ceived for' entering privileges, two of
which have been 'rejected on account of
professionalism and one on account of
weak physical condition. All contestants
must report at the club the night before
the tournament begfns.- January 30, and
submit to an examination by Dr. Dean,
the club physician. Leader John Ham
mersmith announces that the contests will
commence at 8 p. m. sharp, and that from
fourteen to sixteen fights will be run off
each nipht of the tournament.
After this tournament the Olympic Club
will arrange for another, with the East
ern champions as the feature.
AMATEUR BOXERS READY
FOR THE ANNUAL EVENT
"Electricity Is to ce used to convey pas
sengers to ths top pr the Washington
The Co'.umNa Park Boys' Club and em
ployes will play a maten\.K«me of football
at th*» Sixteenth airl Folsom streets
grounds Sunday afternoon. January 20,
Football Game.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Jan. IS.— The Shawnee
County members' of tha Twentieth Kansas
were presented with medals here to-night
which were made from a* Spanish cannon
captured at ; Manila.; The . medals were
made under the direction of the Grand
Army of the Republic. "Addresses were
delivered • by. Major William ¦ Warner of
Kansas City. ; Comm.inder-in-chlef.Ras
sieur of the Grand Army of the ReDUbl'ic
aua Colonel Rfi; LdtU^ # . . * * e * u ™*°
Medals for Kansans.
The nominating committee, consisting of
Dr. F. L. Platt, J. M.- Punnett and A. TV.
Waters, have prepared the following : list
of candidates for. the -various offices i of the
San Francisco' Yacht' Club for.the coming
twelve .months: For.'commodore, :.\V.' N."
McCarthy, owner oX \h$ sch.oon.erj y^ch^
NOMINATE NEW
ME N FO R O F F I C E
The North Central Improvement Asso
ciation petitioned the Board of Supervisors
yesterday to require the Springy Valley
"Water Company, to make such changes in
its water mains as will secure to the dis
trict located in the triangle formed ' by
Kearny. . Market and the bay • shore fire
protection of the highest class. . The peti
tion avers that the water-mains are of;
insufficient size as fire protection for a •
district where . merchandise valued at
many million dollars -is constantly; stored
j£- business houses and factories,'
Wants Better Fire Protection.
On Wednesday, the 23<5, the next meet
will be- at Severn Lodpe. San Mateo at
9:30 a. m.. and next Saturday at Havard
Woods, Crystal Spring road, at the aam*
Francis Carolan, master of the San Ma
teo County Hunt, returned to the city a
few days ago. There will be a large num
ber of visitors at Tanforan Park to-day
to -see the throw-off, which will take place
at 2:30 p. m. There will be a table d'hote
luncheon at 12:20 p. m. As the dry daya
after the rain should have put the coun
try into excellent condition and this Is
the first day that the master of the hunt
has been out with the hounds In Cali
fornia his season, the meet will be well
attended both by riders and spectators
A good run of fifteen or more miles la
looked forward to.
HUNT CLUB AT
TANFORAN PARK
This afternoon the first match of the
third annual series of home-and-hofne
tournaments between teams of the San
Francisco and the Oakland golf clubs will
be played on the Point Adams links. After
the dry weather of the last few days the
course, except In a few low lying spots,
should be in good condition. The teams
this year consist of only six men each, in
stead of eight, as heretofore. Captain L.
O. Kellogg of the San Francisco Golf Club
and acting Captain P. -E. Bowles of the
Oakland Golf Club exchanged lists of
teams yesterday. Up to the last moment
no fewer than three of the San Francisco
representatives were doubtful, but the
team will be mafie up from the following:
John Lawson, S. L. Abbot Jr.. J. W
Byrne, L. O. Kellogg, II. B. Goodwin R
H. Gaylord B. D. Adamson, H. D. Pills
bury and H. C. Golcher. The Oakland
representatives will be Ernest R. Folger.
W. P. Johnson, C. P. Hubbard, R. M
Fitzgerald. F. S. Stratton and T. >R
Hutchlnson. The smaller number of the
team is somewhat in favor of the Oak
landers, who have not so many strong
players as the San Francisco Club, if
Lawson and Goodwin are not able to play
the Oakland team, playing on its own
course, should be able to give the city
representatives a close rub. The. game
will be over eighteen holes, match play.
The second half of the match will 'be
played on the Presidio links next Satur
day, the scores made on both days being
reckoned together. The club whose team
wins the match will be entitled to the
possession of the sliver trophy till' the
second tournament, which will be played
on April 6 and 13.
This afternoon on the links of the Sau
eaUto Golf Club, tittur iwet i3akw, .th_cr«
Home - and - Home
Tournament Opens
at Oakland.
CITY GOLF
TEAM KEEN
FOR FIGHT
The Artel and Pioneer Rowing Club
houses both suffered injuries during the
recent southeasterly storm, a wooden
house being blown off Long wharf Into the
bay and driven by, the wind and waves
against the piles supporting the boat
houses. The underpinning of the Pioneer
boathouse has long been defective, and
small sums are frequently^ needed for re
pairs. The South End Rowing Club lost
the apron from. which boats are launched.
The tenure of . their boathouse by the
Squth Ends is insecure, and all three club3
are desirous to secure a location where
they may be certain of freedom from dis
turbance. The rowing men will use their
influence with the Legislature to get a
Bite' suitable for the erection of boat
houses and hope that they may be success
ful. As It is, the' Pioneer and Ariel boat
houses are old and inadequate to the re
quirements of the clubs, and the South
Ends are in constant danger of : having
their house and handball court cut in two
by the extension of Third street, for which
many of the property holders in that quar
ter are clamoring.
The Ariel Rowing Club recently appoint
ed William T. Howe and F. J. M. Kelly a
committee to confer with committees of
the South End and Pioneer Rowing clubs
with regard to the possibility of securing
new and suitable locations.
The annual dinner of the Dolphin Swim
ming and Boating Club, which took place
last, Saturday at a downtown restaurant,
was a pleasant affair. About sixty mem
bers and guests were present. The chief
business of the evening was the installa
tion of .the newly elcted officers.
OARSMEN LOOK
FOR NEW SITE
There will shortly be launched at the
foot of Alice street,- Oakland, a new sIood
yacht that has been built for T. N- Ken
dall,. Robert Vincent and Frank V. Green
at the Twelfth-street dam on Lake Mer
ritt. i She is 45 feet- over all, has a beam of
14 feet, a draft of 3 feet 8 Inches and of >»
feef 8 inches when her centerboard is
dropped. Her mast Is 58 feet, her main
boom 45 feet, gaff 20 feet and bowsprit *7
feet outboard. She will have 266 square
yards of canvas in mainsail and Jib.
Ramona; for vice commodore, Robert S.
Bridgeman, owner of the sloop .Thetis;
for port captain, George D. Campbell,
charterer of the cutter Follis: for corre
sponding secretary, W. M. Edgell, owner
of the yawl Dulcie: for financial secre
tary. Dr. F. L. Platt: for treasurer. R.
M. Welch; for measurer, Harold Burnett.
None of the above named except W. N.
McCarthy, the present commodore, has
held any office in the club before. Tho
above list has been forwarded by mail to
all members In good standing and consti
tutes the regular ticket. The club is los
ing very efficient and zealous officials Jn
the retiring financial secretary, W. G.
Morrow, the retiring corresponding secre
tary, E. C. Bartlett, and the retiring
treasurer. R. B. Hogue; but the
nominees are good men for these
posts. So far as is yet known
there. will be no opposition to the abovo
nominees, who will, in all probability be
elected at the annual meeting to be held
at . the Merchants' Exchange on Wednes
day evening, February 13. ;¦¦¦.-:
. No meeting has vet been held • of tLe
committees of the California and Encinal
Yacht clubs appointed to confer regard
ing the proposed consolidation of the two
clubs and the formation of an anchorago
on the south side of the narrow gauge
mole at Alameda. Indeed, the premature
publication of the plan has thrown great
difficulties in the way of those who ars
most strongly In' favor of" the • amalga
mation of the yachting interests of Ala
meda and Oakland.
will be a competition In putting and ap
proaching, which was deferred from last
Saturday on account of the rain-soaked
condition of the course.
The final match for the Council's cup
for women of the San Francisco Golf Club
was won easily by Mrs. R. G. Brown,
whose opponent, Miss Hager, did not
make so good a contest as was. expected.
It was thought that Miss Hager. who
drives a long Dall and plays quite strongly
at times, would press Mrs. Brown pretty
closely, but the match was practically
won on the first round, and ended at the
thirteenth hole with seven up for the win
ner. Mrs. Brown was In great form, Miss
Hager taking only two holes out of the
thirteen. The competition was less inter
esting than it would have been had not
some of the strongest players been ab
sent, notably Miss Maud Mulllns, Miss M.
B. Houghton andMiss McBean, who stand
second, third and fourth in the ladles'
challenge class, and Miss Alice C. Hoff
man who is captain of the ladies' team
and has won two competitions for the cup.
Little is being done at present on the
links of the San Rafael Golf Club, and no
events will be arranged until next month.
Two of the most important of Southern
California golf competitions are near at
hand— the team championship and the
women's open amateur championship,
both of which will be played on the links
of the Pasadena Country Club on Janu
ary 23 and 26. In the team championship
each of the clubs in the Southern Califor
nia Golf Association is represented by
four men, .and each team plays a match
over eighteen holes against every other
team. Individual matches are decided by
points, 1 or 2 up counting one, 3 or 4 up
counting two and 5 or more up counting 3.
The eighteen holes are played out, and the
Pasadena cup, presented by John B. Mil
ler, goes to the team scoring the highest
number of points, and Is held by it until
the next team championship tournament.
OLYMPIC CLUB BOXERS IN ACTIVE TRAINING FOR THE AMATEUR CHAMPIONSHIP TOURNAMENT WHICH
WILL BE HELD IN THE CLUB GYMNASIUM ON JANUARY 30, 31 AND FEBRUARY 1. THEY ARE UNDER
THE CARE OF PROFESSOR VAN COURT'AND TRAINER AL LEAN. *
•¦' At Freeman's Park :'• In ' Oakland the
Golden Gates will meet the Nobles. Game
will be called at 2 p. m. .
San Francisco was baseball mad for a
short time last season, and the present
grounds were then found inadequate to
accommodate the crowd. Some changes
will be made in the arrangements for
spectators before the season opens. The
last heavy windstorm lifted a portion of
the roof and took it to parts unknown.
This at least insures a new roof, one
which will not sing with every gust of
wind that strikes the grounds. The
shingles of the grand stand roof last sea
son rattled in terrifying fashion whenever
fretted by the western zephyrs.
, Los Angeles' entrance Into the league and
the departure of Stockton was the reason
for a four days' schedule. The trips to
and from the southern city consume so
much time that the visiting team wlll.be
held four days In each place. Games will
be played on Sacramento, San Francisco
and Los Angeles grounds.
A return match will be played between
the Sansome-street and Washington-street
commission merchants to-morrow morning 1
at Recreation grounds.
On the league grounds to-morrow the
Alamedas and the Koenlgs will meet for
the fourth time, and a close contest Is
expected. They will line up as follows:
Koenlgs. Positions. Alamedas.
Kagar ; Catcher .J. Hammond
Ferrine..... Pitcher C. Russell
Keogan... ............ First base W. Hammond
Collins.. ;.Second bas«....C. Hammond
J. Bodie.. -..Third base Wltchman
D. Bodie ...Shortstop Qoldsworthy
Brockhoft.... Left field......... ...Brltt
McPee..~... Center field.... ..Van Haltren
Knell.. .......... ....Right fleld. ......... Schroeder
The California Baseball League held
several meetings during the past two
weeks, organizing for the coming season,
which will begin a few days before the
April showers and end when the winter
rains set in.
The most radical of all the changes over
last season is in the number of games
scheduled.- Instead of baseball twice a
week we will have four daya of it—Thurs
day, Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Never
before has this been tried by t^a base
ball magnates of California, Three days
were tried at Halght street In the ecstatic
times of the national game, and the crowd
of shouters did not slight the grand stand
or bleachers at the midweek match. But
four days is an experiment the success
or non-success of which is to be seen after
the new plan Is put in operation.
geles Means Four
Games a Week.
Entrance of Los An-
BASEBALL
PLANS FOR
THIS YEAR
It was one of the stormy kind
and resulted In the transaction of a great
deal of business.
The trainers came in for a big portion
of the committee's time and some sweep
ing changes will be forced upon this class.
The committee has been making a most
thorough investigation, and what it dis
covered was no less than appalling. They
found that by the use of certain rub
downs and stimulants dogs have been
practically doped. This accounts for the
many upsets and surprising defeats of fa
vorites. To prevent all this a new law
has been passed.
Hereafter the use of all stimulants will
be barred, except beef tea. As a rub
witchhazel will be the only medicinal ar
ticle allowed. If any other rub or stimu
lant other than beef tea and witchhazel
is found In the kennel or on the person
of any licensed trainer he will be Immedi
ately ruled off for life. This Is a drastic
measure, but It was deemed necessary by
the California coursing committee to keep
the sport clean.
The case of Stevens against Edmonds
came up before the committee, and the
evidence was of a conflicting nature, Ed
monds making several contradictory state
ments. Resolutions were passed that the
bitch under dispute was not registered at
the time of whelping; second, that fro*n
the evidence produced the committee was
B—- — T far the most Important meet
ing held by the California cours
ing committee in some months
_ ___ was that of Thursday evening.
A four-mile scratch amateur team race.
a cross-country event, will be inaugurat
ed by the Olympic Club on Washington's
birthday and will be open to all amateur
clubs, colleges and schools. It is some
thing new of Its kind, and it is the inten
tion of the founders to make this event an
annual race.
The contestants will start in five groups,
three minutes apart, each group to be
composed of one representative from each
club entered. Men composing the groups
will be selected in the following manner:
The names of contestants comprising each
teaxn shall be placed in separate hats and
one name shall be drawn from each hat
tor each group prior to the day of the
race.
The club winning: the trophy In each
race shall hold the same for one year, or
until won by another club. When the
eame club has won the trophy three times
it shall become the permanent property
of such club.
The time of every man finishing will be
taken by the board of timers, and the
club that finishes live men in the lowest
net time will be declared the Winner.
An entrance fee of $2 50 will be charged,
the same to be returned after a team. has
competed. Teams of each club shall be
composed of registered amateurs. All
point* not covered by these rules shall be
governed by the regular rules of the Pa
cific Amateur Association.
Novel Cross-Country
Event Will Be Run
Next Month.
FOUR-MILE
RACE FOR
ATHLETES
THE Supervisors have had their say
and they have lixed the laws for
the holding of boxing contests.
One professional fight a month
will be the fistic course for San
Francisco. Accredited athletic clubs may
hold contests once every month, and there
the tUht promoters and purveyors must
stop, for so the law declareth. At present
two professional clubs are in the tield —
the National Sporting and the Twentieth
Century. The latter has the date for
February and proposes the bringing of
Sharkey* and McCoy together on the 2Sth
day of that month. What the March fight
will be is not yet known.
The Twentieth Century Club is experi
encing the test throes of fight labor.
Through Jim Kennedy McCoy and
Sharkey have been matched tor a twenty
round go. Much advent comment and
caustic criticism has been heaped upon
the heads of the directors of this new club
for matching McCoy and Sharkey, upon
whom the cloak ot fistic fraud has fallen
at one time or another in' their ring
career*. The club, composed of a number
of reputable young business men, feels
that it can force the two wieldtrs of fists
to fight on the square. This may prove
an herculean task, but the ntw ciub will.
nevertheless, try it. The following letter
will show how the Twentieth Cenrury
«*lub intends to work in order to secure
honest fighting on the part of the prin
cipals: ,
January 18, 1301.
To th» Sporting Editor of The Call-Dear Sir:
The matching of Kid McCoy and Thomas
Fhaikey to meet in a boxing contest under the
auspices of the Twentieth (Century Athletic
dub on February £*> has been tubjected to
t-ome criticism, the charge being made that
the men will not compete with the earnest
ness tliat is desired In a boxing content, and it
has even been tmegeeted that they are Incap
able of furnishing an Interesting exhibition.
To all cf these thir.rs the directors of the
club have given the utmost consideration.
The articles of agreement call for the men
to supply "• contest to the satisfaction of the
board of directors. To accomplish the lntend
merti« of the articles a large eum of money
vtill be exacted from the contestants.! which will
l^> deposited with a roponsibte person in San
Praadaeat. and forfeited In tb« rrent of any
thing occurring of an Unsatisfactory nature.
Thip money will b» paid to a Charitable ln
t-titution and the men will receive absolutely
nothing. Furthermore, the directors will pay
daily visit* to the training quarter* and will
do everything in their power to insure a con
tent that will satisfy the most ardent devotee
of th« sport.
Should it be demonstrated to the satisfaction
Canvasback ducks were plentiful along
the Suisun marshes last Sunday and dur
ing the middle of the week. Johnny Cole
man on the Field and Tule preserves
brought home a string of seventy-eight
"cans." Coleman. Fred Bushnell and a
few others will try Burdells to-morrow.
There is a bet on that Coleman will not
kill twenty-five birds in two days.
Al Cummlng3 was out on Wednesday.
killing forty-odd birds. He will try his
luck again to-day and to-morrow.
Will Johnson worked the Alvarado
marshes last Sunday for a bag- of fifteen
birds.
The birds have left the Alameda Club
ponds on the Sonoma marshes, near Tubbs
Island.
The floods of last week have subsided
and the marshes are now in condition for
good shooting.
Before tha Legislature met It was
thought that the California Game Pro
tective Association had taken on new life,
but there seems little reason to fear that
the legislators now assembled will further
tinker with the game laws as they stand.
Some changes may be instituted, but It is
not likely that they will prove of a radical
nature.
Duck shooters are reaping their re
wards on the marshes, though to hear
them tell their shooting tales nothing but
ill luck waits upon them. The reason of
this is found in tha meeting of the Legis
lature, which is a bogey in the eye of
every sportsman who goes out for wild
game more than a half-dozen times a sea
son.
the Best of the Cold,
_ Clear Weather.
Sportsmen Will Make
CONDITIONS
GOOD FOR
SHOOTERS
A sapling has been put upon the field
that Is a wonder. It is no other than
Game Boy. out of May Flower by For
Freedom. Slipped to a hare for the first
time last Wednesday, Its performance in
the midweek reserve stake has been the
talk among coursing men ever since. This
sapling is pronounced the best ever since
the puppy days of Recording Angel and
Sisquoc.
Within two weeks the first sapling stake
will be held at Union Park. This will be
one of the precursors to the Belle Bran
don of February 22.
The card to-day at Union Coursing Park;
Is an open stake. 128 entries, and contains
the usual number of high class hounds.
J. Jones has been notified to appear be
fore the California coursing committee In
reference to the ownership of. Wedge
wood.
The following: kennel designations were
passed: Gold Dust Kennels— F. S. Price,
J. A. Goodfrlend being 1 the members;
Homestead Kennels— Dr. F. P. Clark: Yo
semite Kennels— R. L. Taylor, J. Maher.
T. Reid.
All licensed trainers are requested to be
present at the drawing held at Pythian
Castle n*»xt Wednesday evening.
In tha case of John Kerrigan vs. P. C.
Blick for the non-payment of the stud
services of St. Lawrence registrations
.will be refused until payment is made.
All clubs must now have the following
appear at the top of their scorecards:
"This club is under the jurisdiction of the
California coursing" committee."
unable to determine the breeding of the
bitch; third, that no contract was filed in
regard to the sale, and consequently tha
committee could not act.
Lou Houseman, who manages Jack
Root, will leave to-morrow for Chicago.
If he can secure any matches for his man
Root will remain on the coast; otherwise
the two will return to the Windy City
Sunday morning.
O'Uourke with Ills string if turning an
eye westward. ; He, too, would like to
breathe the dust-hr-avy air of San Fran
cisco and gather In a few shekels.
McGovern, rather his manager, has been
giving local promoters several kinds of
nu-ntal lashings. The National Sporting
Club, the Twentieth Century Club and
even one or two individual operators have
telegrams in their pockets denoting some
vague sort of promise that binds Terry in
just as Vague sort of way. Manager Har
ris may certainly have his pick of clubs
and mf>n for his little whirlwind. Jim
Kennedy, who is the professional match
maker of the Twentieth Century Club, has
wired that McGovern is secured for a late
April date. The match of all matches
would be McGovern and Erne at 133
pounds. McGovern has grown heavier
during- the last six months and should
concede this weight to Erne.
Tommy Ryan has been heard from
again. Xow that the only fat purses are
to be found In San Francisco, the shifty
middle-weight is anxious to try out this
city. He offers to post any old kind of
forfeit to be on the spot when the time
comes and fight as no man ever fought
before. What he desires particularly is a
match with the winner of the Root-Byers
match.
So it looks as if McCoy and Sharkey
were matched again, this time to fight in
San Francisco. As preliminaries the
Twentieth Century Club will look for such
men as Kid McFadden and a suitable con
testant—Rufe Turner, Young Peter Jack
son and one or two others on the list.
As to the statement made that the club has
engaged an Kastem referee, we desire to state
most emphatically that the best local man will
tof secure.! to act in that capacity. This ref
eree will be Instructed by the directors to de
clare the exhibition "no contest" should the
slightest semblance of fake present Itself.
JOHN J. GLEASOX,
President Twentieth Century Club.
of the Twentieth Century Athletic Club that
ihe principals of this fight have not trained
faithfully and honestly, or that some fraud
has b*en concocted by them or their managers,
the directors of this club will, even at the
eleventh hour, declare the match off.
This is not the first time these men have
met. Two years since they came together
before the L»-nox Club, and the sporting writ
ers i>f the country at that time stated that
the contest was one of the most evenly waged
and exoitinff of any heavy-weight event that
had taken place. This should most certainly
refute the suggestion that the men are not
capable of furnishing an interesting exhibition.
Clubs Are Reaching Outward for the
Wonder— Sharkey-McCoy Fight.
McGOVERN IS
THE MAN WANTED
California Coursing Ccmmittee Will En
force Radical Changes.
NEW LAWS FOR
DOG TRAINERS
SPORTS— BOXING, GOURSIMG, RACING, SHOOTING,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, JANUARY 19, 1901.
4THE CALL'S RAGING FORM CHART.
English Jockey, and wife- left for* San
Francisco to-night, where he will remain
about three weeks," then return to Ens
land in time to commence .wo^rk at the
Lincoln meeting, which begins at the end
of March. I Speaking of next year's Derby,
the blue ribbon of the turf, to be run at
the Epsom summer meeting, Loates said:
"As Sir Blundell Maples has first call on
me next season, I shall * have to ride his
colt. Lord Bobs, In the Derby. He is a
pretty good colt. "Whom Lester Reiff will
ride for, I do not know. If Whitney has
a share in ; the horses he may ride for
him, but at all events he will have Rich
ard Crocker's stable, and will not lack for
mounts. .
"Whom do I think will win th« Derby?
Well. I like Revenue best. I beat him
last season on Toddlngton,' but since then
that colt has been amiss. I do not know
how it would be now. But there are sev
eral other good colts in the race. . It is
rather early to pick the winner. '
"Do I think well of little Johnny Reift?
I certainly do.' He is a wonderful boy for
his age and weight He may have to look
to his laurels next year, as J. Duke, who
was formerly a partner of Wlshard.
brought out a very clever lad, smaller
than little Reiff, last year. His name is a
Lane." ,
CHICAGO, Jan. 18.— Sam Loates. the
LO AXES TALKS
OF THE DERBY
DENVER, Jan. IS.— "Young Corbett" of
Denver won from Joe Bernstein of New
Toric In the seventh round of. what was
to have been a ten-round bout before tha
Colorado Athletic Association to-night
with a left hook to Bernstein's Jaw. which
broke It. Bernstein threw up his hanci*
and tha referee separated the men. giving
the decision to Corbett. "While the honors
were about even Corbett was the az-tcres
sor In most of the rounds and his blow**
seemed to carry more steam than Joe's.
In tha preliminary Buddy King of Den
ver won from Kid Butler of New York In
one round, and Jack La veil e of Butte.
Mont., won from "Sailor" Thomas of
Denver to. the second round.
McGovern Meets Campbell.
PITTSBURO. Jan. 13.— At the Bijou
Theater to-night, after the regular per
formance. Terry McGovern, the world's
champion, tried to. stop 'Louden Camp
bell. Pittsburgh lightweight, in four
rounds. Each round was a slugging
match, Campbell going down three times,
but -without Injury. He gave Terry some
hard Jolts and made such a good showing
that Els friend j want to match th* two
tor a ten-round go* ~'rut
YOUNG CORBETT
GETS DECISION
This Is the twenty-fifth election of Mr.
Laton as president -and' the thirteenth for
Mr. Herold as secretary and treasurer.
The annual report wob prtMnted . and
adopted. '|\ . .,
At the annual meeting of the Underwrit
ers' FIre'Patrol held yesterday the follow
ing were elected officers for the ensuing
year: President, Charles A. Laton; vice
president, John Scott Wilson: secretary
and treasurer, Rudolph Herold Jr. ; George
W. Spencer, William .McDonald, L. L.
Bromwell and V. C. Drlffleld. '
Underwriters' New Officers.
The San Francisco News Letter
For this week comes out as an especially
interesting issue, containing several feat
ure articles. Important among these : is a
paper by Francis Trevelyan ¦ entitled
"When Racing Is Trade and Sport ' Is
Dead." Herein are set forth' some start
ling facts by a great racing expert,. who
speaks with unusual candor. The paper
contains, as a frontispiece, a magnificent
Genthe study of Henry Miller as Sydney
Carton. This picture Is well worth a
frame. Besides the same original :., "Town
Crier" and breezy "Looker On" there is a
whimsical skit on great men of the twen
tieth century and a , few pictures of San
Francisco night life by Reginald Schuy
ler.
Slashed by a Bobber.
John Ghlo,,a waiter, living at '625 Mis
sion street, walked into the Harbor Hos
pital last night very weak from' loss ol
blood, caused by, an ugly knife. wound be
hind his ear. He said he had been held, up
at the foot of Powell street Therobber;
enraged at finding > nothing ; on' him but * a
dollar had slashed 'at him '". with ; a' knife,'
Inflicting _ the wound. - Later, ; on >the; : in
formation of Ghlo, a man named J. Gam
bone was arrested: and charged with rob
bery. sfSHQg - -¦.
The adoption of a resolution by the
Board of Health last night resulted In the
dismissal of six assistant emergency sur
geons to take effect on February L Those
to be dismissed are Drs. L. D. Bacigalupl ;
F. R. Dray, W. R. Dorr, F. R. Starr. V.
E. Putnam ar.d F. B. Robinson. The reso
lution provides that assistant emergency
Eurgeons ehall be changed annually so
that no incumbent shall serve continu
ously during two consecutive years. The
board believes that this rule will promote
the efficiency of the emergency hos
pitals.
The board immediately, appointed C. M.
Armistead. James Murphy, Z. T. Mallaley,
C. D. McGettigan, H. F. Morrison and H.
Vander Leith to flJl the vacant places.
The six iast named belonged to the orig
inal force, half of which was dismissed
last March when funds ran low.
Superintendent Sussdorf of the City and
County Hospital filed a report in which
he made Fcveral suggestions pertinent to
the revision ol the charter regarding the
government of the hospital. Chief among
the suggxFtion? is that three visiting phy-
Ficians and four visiting surgeons be ap
pointed iis clinicians independent of col
icses at a monthly salary of $200 each:
that the name of the hospital be changed
to the '"City and County Hospital and
College"; that the superintending physi
c:a.n be dcti^nated as dean and the Board
of Health as rc-grents. with power to issue
diplomas to graduates, and post-graduate
diplomas to internes and externes.
The form of dc-ath certificate now in use
in South Dakota was adopted by the
board. ""¦;. :¦•-'
HEALTH B0AB.D DISMISSES
EIX EMERGENCY SURGEONS
NEW TORK, Jan. IS.— Edward Homan,
manager of the San Francisco Athletic
Club, has offered a purse of 5S000 for a
battle between McGovern and Erne for
the lightweight championship. The club's
plan is to have the fight take place in
May In the open air at the baseball
grounds in San Francisco. George Mooser,
who is Homan'a representative in New
York, will meet Erne to-morrow to make
the proposition. He has also wired to Sam
Harris, manager for McGovern. apprising
him of the offer. He expects an answer
to-day.
The Twentieth Century Athlotic Club
has already offered $7000 for a twenty
round bout between McGovern and the
best man in his class.
Swimming at Sutro's.
The following swimming contests will
be held at Sutro Baths Sunday, Jan
uary 20:
50-yard dash. Juveniles — J. Mugan, O.
Loquenthal, C. King. C. Walters, J.
Keohi?, M. Peters, L. Johnston, W. Early,
IV. Philllpps, C. Schwartz. G. Adler. fi.
Wells. H. Stelljes. W. Beyers, A. Bagan
stori, F. Hildrenadt. M. McCowan, J.
Gladstone, F. Crodwer.
¦Under-water swimming, tub race, high
diving for boys — Open to all.
100-yard race, amateurs — M. Carmody,
C. Augustus, L. Haywards, A. Reese, L.
Grueman, P. Sunbere, H. Irving, R. Rid
ing. E. Bell, L. Scott. F. Ralston. H. Dod
eon. H. Mitchell, H. Ramsey, E. Egan.
Trick and fancy springboard diving — O.
Owens, . J. Dwyer, F. Butterwortn, . H
Carter, F. Tyler, G. Wallace. -W. Mc-
Guire; M. Loud, G. Chalmer, E. Wells,
F. ¦ RItter, J. A. Jackson, F. Jorry, J. Mc-
Intjre, R. Cordell.
NEW TORK, Jan. 18.— In consequence
of a request by Kid McCoy that his pro
posed fight with Tom Sharkey be post
poned from February 23 to March 14, no
articles for the match were signed by the
principals to-day. McCoy made known
his desire for a change of date to! Jim
Kennedy, manager of the Twentieth Cen
tury Athletic Club of San Francisco, un- :
der whose auspices the battle will be held
Kennedy told McCoy that the Police Com
missioners of San Francisco had granted
a license for the bout to take place on
February 28 and he would have to com
municate with the San Francisco partners
in the club in regard to the license for the
new ,date. Kennedy expects to receive a
favorable reply in' a day or two.
McCoy says he wants to have a clause.
Inserted, about the style of gloves to be
worn by the : contestants and ¦ another
clause permitting the use of bandages.
He will also have something to say. in re
gard to a division of the purse money.
McCOY WANTS
fJ)J DATE CHANGED
WOODWARD'S Pavilion was
packed to the gallery win
dows last night with a crowd
of eager, flght-thirsty. shout
ing enthusiasts, who did not
shout In vain. They saw a fierce and
furious twenty-round bout between Otto
Cribb of Australia and Charles Thurston
of Saa Francisco that ended In a draw.
After that they saw a nine-round fistic
affair, more scientific but less tumultuous,
that ended in a complete victory for
"Jack" Root and a knockout for George
Byers of Boston.
It in safe to say that no such fight as
that of Cribb and Thurston was ever seen
in this city before. For fierce onslaughts,
terrific batterings, unquestioned and phy
sically heroic gameness Thurston has no
equal In the business. And Cribb proved
his mettle by accepting no small meed of
punishment. In the sixteenth round, when
the sailing was fair and the fight looked
Cribb all over, Thurston crossed his right
full smack upon the Australian's jaw.
The Antipodean went down, but not out,
as was first thought. Many another— and
hardy fighters at that— would have cov
eted the ring floor for ten seconds on
such a punch, but not Cribb. He got up
dazed end bewildered, fought his round
out under the most fearful odds and came
back for the next round strong enough
to hold on. At the end of the twentieth
round Cribb was lighting stronger than
his sturdy opponent. Referee "Jack"
Welch called it a draw. The decision was
eminently satisfactory to all.
From the Btart to the finish the fight
was a flstic whirlwind. "This can't last
five rounds," was heard all over the build
ing at the end of the second three-minute
spasm. It lasted five and five more and
five after that before anything like a ces
sation of the pugilistic storm showed on
the horizon. Then came the eventful six
teenth, when the first brake was put on.
Two rounds of comparatively subdued
fighting followed, and then they lashed
at one another again. How long they
would have continued Is conjectural, the
limit of human endurance seeming: to
have no place in the forecast of a fight
between Cribb and Thurston.
Thurston and Cribb furnished a twenty-
course dinner of heavy dishes, any one of
which would have satisfied the average
ring-goer. Were it not for the sixteenth
round Cribb would have proved himself
the winner. Once in a while Cribb would
be knocked down, not by telling blows. but
when he was off his balance. In the thir
teenth round Cribb clearly showed a su
periority in hitting ability and ring com
portment. After that Thurston was on'
the defensive, though strong, active and
eager when the two men mixed. So the
flght went until the sixteenth.
This furnished enough heart excitement
for the crowd to last a month. • By a
swift and sure right cross Thurston
caught his antagonist on the proper spot.
Cribb went down and then scrambled to
his feet when eight second had been called
on him. Then he showed how a fighter
could save himself by ducking and clinch
lngt Five times he went down on the
floor, but managed to stay the round and
the fight. The seventeenth and eight
eenth rounds found Cribb a bit weak, but
in the nineteenth and twentieth he was
the aggressor and the stronger of the
pair.
While the fight was not of the scientific
order, it was supercharged with exciting
situations. Cribb was waiting all the time
to shoot his right on Thurston's chin.
He never connected Just as he planned,
but Thurston did. The fight was a wild,
roaring hurricane, with never a stop. The
crowd was on edge, expecting any. time
to see a wind-up of hostilities. With all
the beating Thurston received all there
was to show for it was a cut on- the left
cheek, received in the eighteenth round.
The last fight— Root and Byers— was
not first last night. The fierce precursor
left the flght thirst and hunger of the
audience satisfied. The tame, more scien
tific fighting of Root as he whipped his
left into Byers' face and his right Into his
stomach, and the half-hearted attaches of
the colored man failed to stir. a crowd
that was sated to tho full. Root started
out at the beginning with cautious left
leads, landing full but not- heavily on
Byers' face. For two rounds Root did all
the leading, but an occasional counter by
his opponent forced him to take matters
easy. In the third round Root was after
his man all the time, but Byers never lost
his balance and seemed ready to shoot in
a stiff left or right whenever the opening
came. In the fourth round Root was
more aggressive, boring into Byers per
sistently, yet cautiously. At the end of
SAN FRANCISCO
CLUB BIDS
this round both men returned to their cor
ners none the worse for wear.
The fifth was more exciting. After some
light and ineffectual work Root 5 landed
heavily with; his right' on. Byers' midriff.
The colored man" winced and -backed to
ward the ropes on the other, side -of the
ring. Then Root swung left and right at
Byers' head.wrhis was, done. quickly and
seemingly -. without** full r steam. v. ; Byers
dropped on his haunches -and : remained
there amid the" cries of "Fake! Fake!
Fake!" on the part of the spectators. But
Byers did not .wait the necessary ten sec
onds. He got. up, but was soon knocked
down again, -and the same cries came
from the' spectators. Byers stayed the
round out.< fighting at its close.
In the sixth round Root kept boring into
Byers incessantly, using a stiff / straight
left with good execution. Byers seemed
rattled, trying to save himself at every
occasion. ¦
The seventh was one of a sinking and
rising character— for Byers. Five times
he was knocked down, waiting each time
for the ninth second before rising. Every
time Root shot his left or right into
Byers' body Byers would almost double
up and topple ever. '
Coming up in gay fashion,for the eighth
Byers was soon put on the floor, but this
round lasted its limit. In the ninth the
end came, when after a succession of left
and right Jolts en the head Root put the
Bostonian flat on the boards, and this
time the referee had a chance to count ten
seconds before Byers recovered. Some of
the crowd cried "fake" again, others "cold
feet," while others applauded. Byers was
badly, beaten about the head, with a
nasty cut over Ihe left eye. Root was un
scathed. . The Chicagban fought a clean,
clever, scientific fight, and, if Byers was
at his best last night, outclassed his op
ponent so completely as to admit of no
question of his superiority. Jack Welch
refereed both the big events.
The curtain-raiser was a five-round eo
between George Currin and Jack Woods
Currin was touted the winner but Woods
proved a surprise. After five rounds of
earnest fighting, with some fairly clever
work interspersed, both men were on their
feet and Referee' Joe King shook his finger
at Wood as the winner. The decision was
satisfactory to the crowd. In the second
round Wood, after a stiff left and right,
knocked Currin down, but the tatter's
gameness carried him through to the
limit. ;:.-.-
RACING RESULTS
AT NEW ORLEANS
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 16.— Results:
Seven furlongs, selling— Deponan won, < He
roics second. Locust Blossom third. Time, 1:33.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling— Fairy
Prince - won. Jack Doyle second, . Gramble
Bush third. Time/ 1:54H.
One and an eighth miles, selling— Donna Rita
won, Barilla second. Frangible third. Time,
1:59. ':[-.¦'-¦ - , . ' ¦ •
Handicap, six and a half furlongs — Boome
rack won. Senator Beveridge second, Azim
third. Time, 1:25.
Six furlongs, selling— Lauretta won, Doug
terswlvel second, Juneatta third. Time, 1:17.
On* mile,' selling— Prince Real > won. Petit
Maitre second, Tom Gilmore • third. Time,
1:45%. j
Handball Matches.
At the San Francisco courts the follow
ing matches will be played Sunday after
noon: ' -
G. B. Hayward and W.' H. Sleberst ys.
W. H. Kedian and N. J. Prendersrast; J.
Kirby and J.Hogan V3. D. Regan and M.
Kirby; , W. Fisher and M. Basch vs. P.
Ryan and M. Joyce; A. McVicker and L.
Kenny vs. T. Leach and' J. Condon: T.
Murphy and B. - Chapman vs. C. Martin
and G. McDonald; M. McNeil and L. Cur
ralne vs; - N. Polidori and G.. McDonald;
and G. McDonald; M. McNeil and I* Car
nelly and; M. McClure: R. Murphy and J.
Harlow vs. J. Riordan and M. Dillon; J.
C'-Nealon and A. Hampton vs. M.- J. Kil
gallon and R. Linehan; Joe Collins and E.
Curley vs. J; White and MIdgv Magulre:
L.. Reuben and W. Seibernch vs. B.
Sheridan and W. Fahcv. \
McFarland Home.
SAN JOSE. Jan., IS.— Floyd McFarland,
the professional cyclist, who has been rid
ing in the, East and in Europe, returned
to . his home > here ¦ to-day, where . he r will
spend the winter. .During the season Mc-
Farland's winning are said to : have
reached $9000. . Tom Cooper, who accom
panied, him to. the coast, is still. in Los
Angeles, but he will come-to San Jose
shortly. .
A HANDSOME NEW \
YEAS'S PRESENT
Thousands.
Bought for One Dollar, but Worth
Frank Laldlaw, cashier with the % D. H.
Bibb Lumber Company, purchased', quar
ter, or $1.00 ticket ",' No. 49,078 ;' for his .wife,
Mrs. Augusta Laldlaw, in the . Lottery of
the Beneflcencla Publica Company," City of
Mexico, which won JCO.000.00, her share be
ing $15,000.00, which was promptly paid to
her.' ¦ • ¦¦ ¦
But ¦ a still more fortunate Individual
was a resident of the city of L03 Angeles,
who bought whole .ticket No. 64,991 for the
September 27, 1900. drawing in the above
named lottery, which - drew the whole of
the first capital,, prize, : $60,000.00, * which
amount was aJso promptly paid to J.
Greenewald, 107 South ' Spring street.' Los
Angeles, the above Investment costing
$4.oo..'- ¦ .-¦•¦• ¦ ¦'. : ¦ •¦•"- : :'¦'-¦' ,- .---.
The cause of the popularity of the Lot
tery of the Beneficencia Publica Company.
City of Mexico, on this coast is because so
many/ of our : residents have won ; capital
prizes during the last ten years.
A further reason la that the it public
know that the company; owning the Lot
tery .of : . the. Beneflcencia Publica is the
only corporation 1b the republio • of Mex
ico holding concessions from the Mexican
National Government and the only , one
authorized ¦ and indorsed by said " Govern
ment, ' which appoints 'Dr. Gregorio ; Orive
¦ for the Treasury Department and Apoli
nar' Castillo, intervenor ; therefore ; every
1 body Is assured of the honesty • and * re
liability of the old reliable Lottery of the
Beneflcencia ? Publica- Company,- City <of
Mexico,' of ,whfch U. Bassettl is president
and : manager. v i<4pnnGMVQSBA|0HMM|
. Purchasers should see that the tickets
read Lottery of the . Beneflcencia ; Publica
Company,!, City of Mexico, and are signed
by T Apolinar ' Caatillo," : intervenor, and -. U.'
¦ Bassettl, manager.
Mrs. Hammh. H. Coe.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 18.— Mrs. . Hannah i H.
Coe, a ! pioneer woman of this valley, died
at :< the - home - of > her sons in Sa n Felipe
Valley 'last' night." > She : was a" native - of
New.. Jersey ¦ and- -79 • years . of ? age. '; De
ceased came to California in the early '50s;
Two; sons ; survive hei>-C. W. and Harry
Coo. ¦MHBStllSl
A FEW OF THE PROMINENT SPECTATORS AT THE FIGHTS BEFORE THE NATIONAL SPORTING CLUB,
WOODWARD'S PAVILION, WHERE "JACK" ROOT KNOCKED OUT GEORGE BYERS AND THURSTON
FOUGHT A DRAW WITH CRIBB. •
eeeor.S meial, H. Stettin*. 2K5.
Second class — First medal, J. D. Helse, 2337;
eecon-l medal, D. Ealfield, l?35.
TMrd class— First medal. S. Heino, 1777; sec
ond medal, H. ewelrer. 13CS.
The Glindeman trophy was won by F.
Rust.
The Germania Schuetxen Club held it*
annual meeting last night at California
Hall, installed new officers and distrib
uted the prizes to the marksmen of the
club who made the highest scores during
the year.
Ten medals were distributed to the five
marksmen making th« highest scores In
five different classes. A resume of the
rear's business was read by Secretary
llaake, which chows the society is in a
\'ery prominent position among the shoot
lug clubs cf the world.
After the meeting the members ad
journed to the banquet hall and passed
eeveral pleasant nours listening to stories
reminiscent of the early days in the world
cf shooters. Judge G. P. Bahrs, in his ca
pacity of toastmaster, called on the fol
lowing for remarks: L. Haake, C. A.
Zir.kand. Ludwig Siebe and D. B. Faktor.
The principal topic of the evening was
the shooting festival to be held here next
Jvily. which promises to be the greatest
affair of its kind ever held in the world.
Prizes amounting in value to $10,000 have
el ready been received. Following are the
cfTlcers of the club for the year 1901:
N. Ahreas. president : E. Goetze. vice pre»1-
Cer.t; I*. HaaJte, secretary; F. P. Schueter,
treasurer; H. Huber ar.d R. Stettin, shooting
rr.astere; L. EUbe, A. Huber and Dr. L. O.
Rotfgers. trustees.
The prize-winners and their scores
ere as follows:
First champion class — First meSal. F. P.
F chuster,- ---¦i; second medal, D. B. Faktor,
Second champion class— First medal, H. Ha
ber. till; second medal, F. Rust. 2914.
First clays— First medal, J. F. Bridges, 2112:
GIVES MEDALS
TO MARKSMEN
The board of directors of the Academic
Athletic League of California held a bus
iness meeting la^t evening at the Olympic
Club. Repuris of the bicycle, football and
EVlmmlr.g committees were read. It was
decided to hold the third annual swim
ming tournament In tlie Olympic Club
lanison February 35. The spring athletic
field day will he held oa March 23. Dea
con and* Williamson, two graduates of tho
Oakland High School, sent a communica
tion iri which they stated they were anx
ious to &:ve a silver cup to be contested
for e-t the Held day grames, and that they
would like to effer it as a prize In the
bicycle race. ¦ ; "¦
The cross-country run to be held under
the auspices of the Olympic Club In
G-olfien Gate Park was discussed at
length. Captain George James of the club
•was £.r.xiou3 that the Academic Learue
be represented In the event. The club
has Instituted the cross-country run and
expects to make it an annual event. The
cc-jirse selected will be four miles long/.
Th« team winning the race three times
In succession will be presented with a
handsome trophy. Those participating in
the event will be timed, and the athletes
making the first and second fastest time
each rear will be given a gold and silver
medal resptctively.
Tne following ofHcers were elected last
evening to serve for the year: President.
Charles Harris, Oakland; vice president,
R. H. Wheeler. Alameda: treasurer,
Oecrpe Elliott. Berkeley: secretary. F. M.
Cattell. Oakland: P. A- A. delegate, Her
bert Hauser. San Francisco.
Relay Race to Be Partici
pated In by Academic
Athletic League.
WILL HOLD
FIELD DAY
IN MARCH
Kirby.
Second race— Tiburon, , Goal Rurmer, Socialist.
Third race— Campus, Donator, Pat Monissey.
Fourth race— Specific, The Lady, Golden Age.
{' Fifth race— Opponent, Flush of Gold, Lena.
- Sixth race— Ordnung, Articulate, Rolling
Boer. ¦ ¦ ; ¦" ••- ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; purse. •
(1633)Artlculate 104 (1645)Ordnung 109
1649 Grafter 81 1596 Bill Garrett.... 94
1633 Rolling Boer... 94
Probable Winners.
First race — Sol Llchtensteln, Dorene, J. V.
Fifth race— One mile and an' eighth; the San
Leandro Selling handicap. ;
1656 Lena... -.103 (lB8S)Flush of Gold..l08
(1663)Opponent 105 1660 Grand Sachem. 92
Third race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; selling.
1634 Expedient 101 1574 Koenlg ». 106
1617 Torslda '...1M 16« Pat Morrissey..l06
164S Frank Woods..l01 1640 Sybaris 106
1658 Redemption ...106 1622 Mitten 99
1634Donator 103J 1693 Campus ~......10J
Fourth racer-One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; LJssak handicap.
1664 Formero .......HO 1669 Cougar _... 90
1481 Vulcaln U2 1671 Mao Gyle 99
<1563>The Lady 113 1650 Prejudice 100
1604 Specific "•• 10* 1633 Golden Age 107
1696 Gonfalon 112 1639 Imp._ BroadbrlmlOS
Second race-Six furlongs; four-year-old* and
upward: selling.
1647 Esplrando 95i(1841)Tlburon 95
• . Goal Runner.. .103 1669 Theory 101
16^6 Devereaux M 1671 Socialist .103
The diminutive piece of racing material
Maggie Davis ' was returned a winner
again at Oakland yesterday. Only the
day before she disposed of quite a select
array of. selling platers, and with 99
pounds In the saddle, and but six furlongs
to reel off, ruled a 7 to 5 chance for tha
Our Climate handicap. Dominick got
Maggie . away in the lead and although
Joe Frey at one time looked dangerous
she won smiling In l:13»i, a remarkably
good performance. Wooster Boy, with his
120 pounds assignment, appeared all at
sea. 1 and Theory, | with a like impost,
never saw any service on tho firing line.
By Judicious handling, Mounce finished
third on Willie Sink's Isaline, which ran
a very clever race.
The track, while good, was still slow,
but by this afternoon ought to be again
in fast condition. The pleasant weather
attracted a large attendance and the bet
ting was about the liveliest of the week.
Three favorites, a second choice and two
outsiders— Dr. Boyle and Moonbright—
had their numbers displayed as winners.
Mr. Caldwell. did have a high old time
with the nine' ragged looking selling plat
ers which started in the opening five and
a half furlong sprinU Not. until twenty
flve minutes had been consumed was a
start accomplished, putting the crowd In
anything but- good humor. In a driving
finish at the wire, E. Matthews, on the
7 to 1 shot. Dr. Boyle, was given a nose
decision over Little Mlnch Jr. Burdock,
probably the best backed horse in the
race, did not begin running until the last
furlong, then taking the show.
Buchanan by a neat piece of saddle
work, captured the three-year-old purse
with Moonbright, a filly owned by Johnny
Weber and 12 to 1 in the betting. Mounce,
with Scallywag, at one time threatened
to make a runaway affair of it. but his
horse began tiring at the paddock. Moon
bright then went on, winning all out by
a length. A hard drive ensued for the
place, Coburn, astride St. Rica, getting it
trora the favorite, Tony Lepping, by a
-Of the five contenders for the third
number St. Cuthbert looked best and was
made a 7- to 10 favorite. At that price
Dr .Rowell's horse was well backed and
when asked disposed of Mocorito In im
pressive fashion. Saintly ran a close
Sam - Hildreth's Owensboro found the
track, much more to his liking than on
Wednesday, for ihe mile selling run
proved a gift for him. Prestidigitator en
joyed the honors of favoritism and for
six furlongs appeared to £ ave * S^
chance. Then he blew up. finishing last.
Owensboro, with Dominick up. was never
headed from flagfail, downing Wyoming
with considerable to spare. ¦ _
- Nearly all of the big bettors spread their
coin about on Dangerous Maid to win the
final six furlong run, the mare going to
the post a 7 to 5 choice. Breaking from
seventh position Coburn quickly had the
favorite in front and she came home a.
shifty winner from McGyle and Socialist.
Track Notes.
Starter Caldwell fined each rider with a
mount in the opening event 120.
At post time Dr. Boyle closed a 7 to 1
chance, but after the long delay the geld-
only rider to put two
u° f /compajui to
qh TlmW e wa« f°o r nTand again after
Owensbwo won. Bam Hildreth had ; the
horse in to be sold for $400 and Tim saw
him 3300 better. The chestnut did not
Cl T^! e ca O rd n thi3 afternoon is an excellent
one with the Liss'ak handicap as the
feature In the last event the crack three
year-olds Rolling Boer and Articulate
C Tho St "layers who had money due
them on winning markers with -Peck Ep-
Plnger V s Palace Cl«b were settled with in
full yesterday. ¦ ¦
Following are to-days entries.
First . race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
(1682)Dorene .'. 115 .... Prestonian 105
1644 Mike Murphy... 10Q By imp. Prestonpans
iG44Dr. Scharff 108 Slipper Dance.
( 1K v mK::::S $% } S2£ •B a .Ve«a 1 w 00 
i^S^^':::::::^ .... x-ug.%d......«5
I6M Lento 103 By Vassal-Fannie
(1644) S. IJchtensteln.113 Rlley.
BY' F. E3. aMXJXjECOrjLiA.lTID
Maggie Davis Breezes In
for the Handicap
at Oakland.
FAVORITES
JUST HOLD
THEIR OWN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, 19, 1901.
Colored Man Is Knocked Out in Ninth Round— Cribb-Thurston
.y . Bout a Whirlwind Ending in a Draw.
GEORGE BYERS LOSES
MATCH WITH JACK ROOT
BASEBALL, H AN DB ALL -SPORTS
_ OA^LA^ RACETRACK, g BID AY. JAXUART .!»¦— Weather tea. Track ilow.^_^
1666. FIRST RACK— Five and a hair furlongs; four-year-olds and up; purse. $350.
P_ . r . Betting -^
Index Horse. Age, Weight. Pst St. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1048 Dr. Boyle. 4 103 99 4 3 8 Z 34 Ins Matthews S IS 7 5-Z
1643 Lit. Mlnch, Jr.,6.107 71 11 IS 12 25 Domlnlck ..2 4 4 7-5
1562 Burdock, 4 104 38 Ih 8h 41 In Basslnger .. 6 7 «{;¦».!
1613 King's Pal, 4.. ..103 5 5 5 h SI 3 h 41 Coburn 4 5 S 2
1824 Gold Baron. 5 107 43 3H 24 5h 6 H Mounc* .... 5 « • v 1,
1648 Mad Anthony. 6..107 14 2^72 61 62 Enos 8 20 20 6
1643 Hln. Princess, 4.. 1C5 38 74 4 h 72 72 Buchanan.. « 10 8 5-2
1547 Jolly Briton. 4...1C3 82 83 81 83 84 F. Kelly.... 60 100 100 40
1624 William F, 4 103 6 7 9 9 9 9 Dangman .. 20 10 30 10
Time— 1-16. :07; S-16, :18H: 7-16, :43: iW. 1:09. Good start. Won first thr«» driving. Winner.
G. W. Miller's b. g. by Guldo-Exey Tee. In a twenty-five minute delay at the post Dr.
Boyle ran over a furlong in each breakaway, causing his price to go to 15. He then
won - undar wretched handling. Burdock would not run the first part. Entire bunch ought
to be pulling express wagons. ' Scratched — Aurora 3 103.
1667. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, 3400.
j ¦ Po.l 1/ Betting
Index Horse and Weight. Pat St. H- %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
1655 Moonbrlght 107 63 J% 11 22 11 Buchanan.. 7 12 12 4
1612 St. Rica 109 3 4 I!, <4 U 2ns Coburn 5-3 4 4 9-5
160S Tony Lopping 112 7 3 (h 31 SHSns O'Connor... 3-3 -3-3 11-10 2-5
1498 Scallywag 108 41 14 14 12 43 Mounca .... 5 10 9 3
1612 Phil Archibald... 112 5 7 «H62 5 3 6 10 Jenkins .... 3 3 9-2 8-5
1655 Birdie Stone ....107 2 5 7 6 3 68 6 10 Basslnger 10 SO 30 8
1649 Lucldla 107 1 8 4 h 7 7 7 J. Woods.... 15 50 50 15
Time— V, :24%; %. :50: %. 1:16. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. J. Weber's
b. f. by St. Carlo-Moonlight. Winner excellently ridden. St. Rica did not hare clear
sailing last furlong or he might have won. Tony tired under th« weight. Scallywag had
a world of_ «pegd_ D j_ wl J^- d -°- 1 - _ ?*?**¦£^JT 0 .*/?. 8 - "P^^*° j 09 '
166S. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selling; four- year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Po. " ~ 1/ Betting- -s
Index Horse, Age. Weight Pst St. & K. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1577 St. Cuthbert. 6.. .107 2 1 4~JI 8~1 3~n Tl O'Connor ... 3-5 £l!> Tw 7^29
1593 Mocorlto. 6 105 41 21 In In 32 Dominick ..3 5 4 4-5
(1623) Saintly, 6 107 3 4 In 2 1 32 34 J. Woods... 6 10 10 2
1592 Vohlcer. 4 110 13 3H 42 43 44 [Jenkins 5 6 5 1
Parader, a 117 5 6 6 5 6 6 [RnU | 20 100 60 20
Time— To U, :n\i: to H, :46; last %. 1:01; short %. 1:11. Good start. Won easily. Second
and third driving. Winner, Dr. H. D. Rowell's ch. g. by St. Carlo-Santa Cruz. St. Cuth
bert required some riding to get to the front. Mocorlto In the deep going on back stretch.
Saintly did his best. Vohlcer outclassed.
lUUi>. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; Our Cltraate Handicap; 3-year-olds up; purse. JiOO.
Pol , Betting
Index Horse, Age, Weight. Pst St. %. . %. Str. Tin. Jockeys. Op. HJ. Cl. PI.
(1664) Maggie Davis, 5.. 99 6 1 1J 11 1311 Dominick .. 3-2 jljj Ts Ti
0583) Joe Frey. 3.. .....115 11 In 23 26 26J. Miller.... 8 13-5 18-5 1
1647 Isaline. 4 .....106 4 5 In 32 3!. 33 Mounce < 13 13 3
1563 Wooster Boy. 4. .120 S 3 6 53 42 43' Coburn ..... 3 6 6 2
1ES0 Theory, 6 120 3 4 51 41 (4 56 O'Connor 5 7 « U-5
1644 Cougar. 3 100 6 6 41 6 6 6 Ransch | 10 SO »0 6
Time— M. :24%; %, :mi; %. 1:13%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, W. M. Sloan's b. m. by Sayre-Llszl« C Her light Impost carried the winner
through. Joe Frey regaining his old form, but none too well ridden. Wooster Boy out
footed from the Jump. Theory couldn't handle her impost. Race was a good one from
time standpoint^
167O. FIFTH RACE— One mtl«: selling: three- year-olds and up; purse. 3400.
*_________" lPo.1 ~~ I, Betting
Index Horse. Age, Weight Pst St. %. tf. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1659 Owensboro. 4 1031 32 11H In 13 11% Domlnlck .. 5-2 S 13^5 *I$
(1M6) Wyoming, a 105 41 32 41 *H2n O'Connor 3 3 3 4-6
1639 Herculean, 4 102 14 in 33 Sn 31 Buchanan ..555 7-5
1C52 Loneliness. S 85 155 6 4 5 45 F, Webster. 20 100 100 29
(1647) Prestidigitator. 4.10S 53 43 In 6 5 Mounce 3 3 3 7-10
Time— U. :25Vi; ¥•. -:50%; H. 1:15%; mile. 1:42. Fair start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, S. C. Hlldreth's ch. h. by Imp. De Beauvolr-Fannie Lyons. Track
again to liking of Owensboro.. Wyoming ran to form. " t> resty" begged to be excused
at the end of six furlongs.
1(171.' SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; four- year-olds and op: purse. $350.
I ' PoT ' t f< Betting >
Index Horse, Ag«, Weight Pst St %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1563 Danger's Maid. 4.103 6 7 61 UH 11 11 Coburn S-5 7-5 7-S 5.5
1565 MacGyle, 4 105 28 Sh 7 In 23 Mounc* ..... 4 5 g •»
1E86 Socialist. 6 ..105 3 4 4H Jl in Sn Enos S 7 8 i
(1C53) Flamero. 5 108 75 5h IH U 41 Jenkins 8 8 5 '1
1618 Rosalbra. a.. 108 83 7 Sh7 65 J. Woods.... 30 CO 60 20
(1M2) Monrovia, a 105 4 2 !H II Ch 14 O'Connor ... 6 13 13 4
1650 Gllssando.-* 4 10S 11 11 4V*4h 7 Domlnlck ...-,« 20 29 g
1546 |Jlngle Jingle. S...103 3 Excused Ransch 15 25 25 j
Time— M. :24%: }4. :4W: %, 1:15%. Bad start Won cleverly. Second ar.d third driving.
Winner. S. W. Streett's ch. m. by St. Leonard-Hand Maid. Winner had all sorts of »pe«.J
MacGyle cut off at first turn. Enos on Socialist tried to squeeze between Glissando and
rail on far turn, nearly landing in the flower garden. It cost him several lengths. Fla
mero in bad going. Scratched— Dr. Cave 10S. Ci&rasdo 103. Osmond 105, Dunboy 105.
5
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOBirDL
Concert To-Day ai 7:30. jj
To-Day'& Speoiais* $
These and (Many Others: \t ;
Ladies* loc Hemstitched Handkerchiefs.. 5o Domestic Porter, regularly Ji.*5 dossn, to- Jj
Ladies' Lawn Lace-edged Handkerchiefs.. SO <*>? • 93 O '%
Ladies' 25c anJ 35c Linen Handkerchiefs Si. 00 Pert and Sherry Wine, to-day. . 73O H
19O Women's $l.z$ Kid Gloves, to-day. .-73C •*
Men's All-Linen Handkerchiefs ifC Pictnie Frames OTSe-thiril Off 5
LaJiei* Neckwear half prioC Framed Pictures.. OtlB-QUartCr Off %
Lace Curtains haifPftOQ + " t '«
Z5C R-bbans .... 14c 10c Flannels 7 J^c Dbi^a *• O«* 9*7* *
I2.50 SyrInges.Sl.20 65c Shams 42c X#*#««?#^ %9€$M& •«
iScVfiling 9c 25cSuspsndrrs....l7c b«: Cream-ry Batter, regular size S
$ 1.00 Shirts. . . .49c Feather Dusters. ..IO.C cqnarM , to^ aj 3 f r $1; **£*,-* g
70c Coffee Poa..49c 65c Door Mats. .49c single sqrure .. .... . . .* "£
Champion Brand Wfrskcy, full quarts. 73c ? '•+¦ S
7 GSear Havana Cigars 25a i
The balance of our 20.000 purchase — allcolors, ailin Ai condition. 2j
.:;•:;: \ -.
A Clean-up of Men's $12.50 antf $75.00 Sack %
Suits at $10.75. S
Men's Kersey and Covert Overcoats— One" *
Quarter Of/. ,/i.~ 1 a
Extra Saturday Bargains $
Cloaks and Suits. ;
dlstoito Jackets and Dresses. |
4 f 3y<«*iS ?5-°° and S»O-OO Jacket;, "clean-up price j*
&S? S«§3>) 92.95 and $3.95 *
T^v Jf^g!/ |l5.oo, J18.00 and $20. CO Jacket!, "clean-up" price «^
Xz/\ dp&wT $9,95 **
xjgfiySV^^K/^lizT*^ JS-5-OO Long Automobiles, "e'eaa-up" price $17-85 X
$ffl/jj% Xlfl i I -"'5° tJ l x S-°° T » n ° r Drwses, "ckan-up" price. .$7.95 ¦*
MW?K 1I~y!)V I I S'S- 00 and |i8.co Tailcr Drcsse , "clean-up" price. $12. SO •*
($$3*1 \ vlsi§i> 2 5-°° to $35-°° Tailor Dreses, "clean-up" price. $19*75 %
li v% Waists and Wrappers, i
j\ $3.69 Instead Of $3mOO for assorted lot or'Freach ju
' I \ Fianncl Tailcr Waists, perfectly made, all colors and black, 3&
I \ all sizes, regularly Jj.oo, "clean-up" price $J 60 "^
/ / \ $3*45 ins toad Of £5*00 for solid colored Ve'- \g
/ / N^ veteen Wa : sts, lined throughout, colors tan, gray, cardinal, &
M /k3*$^!^ Hue, heliotrope and black, all sizes, regularly $5.00, "clean- '—
//// XT \ \\\ U P P rlce $3.45 S
ill I \ \\A S1*19 Instead of $1.75 and $2.OO tbr X
U /^— 1 J X Ar-\^L several styles of ncjr Flannelette Wrappers of best making "^
' '— and qualities, lined waists, all sizes, regularly Jl.75 and $2.00, jf
"clean-up" price $1.19 4J
Sktrts, Etc. . s
I5.00 Short and Long Dress Skirts, "clean-up" price $2.95 and $3*45 '1
P ™ Oolden Itale Bazaar. *
CALIFORNIA'S LARQEST-AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE. ' X
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If at last she tires of the fault finding
of a dyspeptic husband and leaves him?
The worst of the dyspeptic is that he
does not realize his own meanness. His
world is entirely out of perupective.
Dyspepsia and ether diseases of the
ctotnach and organs of digestion and
nutrition are perfectly and permanently
cured by the use of Dr. Pierce'a Golden
Medical Discovery. It cures the worst
forms of the disease. It cures when all
oilier medicines have failed to benefit.
Accept no substitute for Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery. There is no
other medicine for the stomach, blood
and lungs, which can show so wide and
wonderful a record of cures. It always
helps. It almost always cures.
« I can say to yon, one bottle of your ' Golden
Medical Discovery* h»* cured me sound and
•wcil, after suffering: two V>ng_ years with-
stomach disease.- writes Mr. W. H. Bra«well, of
McAdenville, Oaston Co., North Carolina. "My
health is worth all the world to me. I will
praise you as long as I live."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper binding, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only, or if cloth-
bound volume is desired send 31 stamps.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.Flammarion Explains the Luminous Projec
tions From the Planet.
¦-¦¦•¦' : '¦¦¦' • .- ' • " -V ¦¦¦¦¦ " ¦'
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 19, 1901. >
-.. No, there is nothing- intentional In this —
nothing human. But we have quite an
other impression if we regard the glob«
of Mars and especially if we examine with
care all the details of the Martian maps.
The geographical network of the canals is
so regular, so remarkably designed— for
these immense straight lines start visibly
from regions where water is concentrated
and finish at fixed points of distribution —
that the more we examine them the les*
we find them natural and the less we can
resist. the idea that these lines represent a
hydrographic system, judiciously con
ceived for the fertilization of a globe very
advanced in its evolution and on which
water has become a rare and precious
vital element.
On the other hand, everybody knows
that the planet Mars turns on its axis in
a little more than twenty-four hours (24
hours 37 min. 22.65 sec.) from west to
east, and when we observe It the spots
on the surface move from right to left.
The planet will reach opposition to the
sun on February 22 next, and then, being
perfectly round, completely lit up by the
sun, It will not have, any phase. At pres
ent the phase, which is somewhat strong
ly marked, is on the left hand. It marks
the terminator, the meridian at the set
ting of the sun. . •
The various countries of Mars pass un
der our eyes, moving from right to left
and from the day. toward the night. Of
the globe of Mars to which I have referred
the cloudy belt extends from the three
hundred and fifteenth to the three hun
dred and fiftieth meridian: that is to say,
nearly three hours of rotation. There is,
therefore, nothing surprising in the fact
that on December 8 last, the date of the
dispatch, an observer may have seen for
more than an hour the clouds lit up by
the setting sun.
Mr. Lowell has already published two
enormous volumes filled with documents
on the numerous and Important observa
tions made at his observatory. In these
we find no less than 487 observations of
the terminator (made in 1SM-1899), of
which the greater part show Irregularities
and prominences and the luminous pro
jections which are in question at present,
and 175 made in 1896- 1S97. The astronomeis
of Flagstaff., Messrs. Lowell, Douglas and
Pickering, are also of opinion that the34
luminous points simply represent cloud?
lit 'up by the sun. It is not In this that
we find signs that the planet Is Inhabited
by an Intelligent race more or less resem
bling our. own and even, as we will see,
more intelligent .than ourselves..
If our neighbors in the sky were mak
ing signals to us we would ask why they
chose the hour of the setting sun and a
meridian so obliaue to our view. Would
it not be suggested bv nature herself to
choose daylight and solar reflectors? If
we desired to reply to them we ought on
the contrary to choose the middle of the
night, as Mars gravitates round the sun
In an orbit outside that of the earth, and
when the two planet3 are closest together
it presents to us its hemlsDhere lit up by
the sun, while our olanet presents Us
hemisphere in darkness.
the mouth of the Euphrates and the'Phi
son.
nCAMILLE FLAMMARION, in an
article recently published in the
Paris Temps, comments on the re
cent projections of light observed
I on the planet Mars at the observ
¦ , atory at Flagstaff, Ariz. _.
These luminous projections, says M.
Flammarion, f^re nothing new.' The same
announcement* has been made nearly ev
ery two years for the last fifteen years,
and each time the false Interpretations
made of them have been refuted. But
the public memory is short, and then not
everybody reads astronomical works even
of the most popular kind. What, then, are
these luminous projections?
The planet Mars, .like the terrestrial
globe, is lit by the Bun, which naturally
illuminates only one-half at a time. The
line of separation of the hemisphere thus
lit up from the hemisphere in darkness
(the line termed the "terminator") forms
the limit of the phase, as one can see with
the naked eye in the case of the moon.
Well, it is there, always there, that we
observe these luminous points — that is 'to
say, on the meridian of the rising or the
setting of the sun, and to explain these
Irregularities, these white prominences,
two simple and natural hypotheses pre
sent themselves.
Very high mountains might throw their
summits into the dark hemisphere, as we
see constantly on the moon, and as hap
pens on the earth in the case of isolated
mountains. Clouds still higher than the
mountains and more isolated might offer
the same aspect. Now, if we take a globe
of Mars and examine the region on which
the last projections reported by Mr. Doug
las were seen, we ' find that it was be
tween the three hundred and eighteenth
and three hundred and thirtieth meridian
and on the seventh southern parallel of
latitude. Clouds are very rare in the at
mosphere of Mars, a world that enjoys
great privileges in regard to the almost
permanent clearness of its sky. However,
on examining this globe, you will remark
a white spot (the only one on it) near this
point. ...
The little Icarian Sea forms the left of
the western part of the great long shaped
gulf from the east to the west named
Sinus Sabeus. and if I have indicated
there and there only on the whole planet
a long white mark, it is because I have
often remarked white spots forming a
contrast with the dark tone of the sea
and with the yellow tone of the continent
itself. Other observers have , remarked
this like myself. They cannot be due to
clouds, but to fogs which, when lit up
from above by the sun. are perfectly
white or else to white frost. But this
probability is in favor of fogs, the con
' figuration of the \ ground suggesting the
existence of two chains of mountains sep
arated by a large valley corresponding to
MAP OF MARS, SHOWING THE CANALS. THE BLACK SPOT ON THE
WHITE PORTION, REPRESENTING LAND, IS WHERE THE LUMIN
OUS SIGNALS SEEMED TO COME FROM. .' ¦ . ';.' ; A
If Sydney Smith Were Alive.
If Sydney Smith were alive to-day ha
would realize that In the lost eighty years
of the century Just closed considerable
progress had been made In this country
more perhaps than in any country in th«
civilized world. It was only in 1820 that
in one of his savage attacks on our peo
ple In the Edlnburg Review he sneeringly
asked:
"In the four cruarters of the globe who.
reads an American book? Or eroes to an
American play? Or looks at an American
picture or statne? "What does the world
yet owe to American physicians or sur
geons? "What new substances have their
chemists discovered or what old ones hava
they analyzed? What new constellation*
have been discovered by the telescopes of
America? "What have they done In the
mathematics? "Who drinks out of Ameri
can glasses? Or eat3 from American
plates? Or wears American coats or
gowns? Or sleeps In American blankets?"
' The records of the nineteenth century
show that these auestlons have been an
swered pretty conclusively to the British
mind. If not always satisfactorily to th»»
British pocket. Perhaos some snarler of
tne present period would like to* submit
another lot!— Atlanta Constitution,
Rural Hail Delivery.
The free rural mail delivery system Is a
progressive step and lta Influence for rood
in brlnjrlns the Inhabitants of the countrv
in close daily touch -with the centers o'f
commerce and thought is Incalculable To
receive dally newspapers and to dal'y
come in touch with the rest of the worll
exercise a broadening and enliffhtenin
influence. The Postmaster General In his
last annual report promised a raold ex
tension of, the system .and as Congress .
men generally are informed of its benefit*
and; the ¦wishes of the people regardlnjr it
they will undoubtedly vote whatever ap
propriation the Postmaster General nuv
ask for It.— Nashville American.
Lord Patmcefote's Record.
Twice at least the term of Lord Paunee
fote's services at Washington has been
extended. He lone has outstayed the us
ual period of foreign representatives in
the United States and now an indefinite
extension is announced when the Embaa
sador is ready to go hence. All of which
Is highly complimentary to Lord Paunce
fote. He is a skilled diplomat and very
agreeable gentleman. Thus he is useful
to his own Government and agreeable to
the Government and people to whom h«
is accredited. His continuance at "Wash
ington signifies that Great Britain Is alive
to the importance of Questions now be
fore the nations. A new man at "Wash
ington at this time would mean the trans
fer to London of much of the business
that Is safely placed in Lord Pauncefote's
charge.— Utlca Press.
New England Warned.
There Is food for sober thought for New
England In the summary of the new tex
tile mills of 1900 as presented In the Bos
ton Journal of Commerce and Textile
Industries. Only three new mills were
undertaken through all last year La
Maine; none in Vermont: none- in New
Hampshire; none In Connecticut: oniy
eight In Rhode Island and only six Jn
Massachusetts.'vor seventeen for all tha
New England States. But sixteen new
mills were undertaken in the one South
ern State of Alabama; forty-one In Geor
gia; forty-one In North Carolina and
forty-seven in South Carolina. Tennes
see had eleven new mills, or almost twice
as many as Massachusetts: Mississippi
had eight, or as many as Rhode Island;
Virginia had eight also and even far away
Texas had seven, or twice as many as
Maine.— Boston Journal.
Commoner, will b© published a week from
next/Wednesday — January 23. Bryan savs
the /circulation promises to more than
meet his expectations. Many editors ars
waiting to get a "lick" at the newcomer
In the journalistic field. — Ogden Standard.
Waiting for Bryan's Paper.
The first issue of Bryan's paper, tha
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
must have knowledge of the sea and ships,
and should serve a voyage before the mast
so as to get -knowledge by practical ex
perience. • To obtain "a position of some
kind on a merchant vessel," application
Bhould be made to the master of the ves
sel on which the Individual would like to
ship. v , •.
•-LABORI'S :WIFE^-A. ... 8... Klk, ; Cal.
Maltre.Laborl/.one of ; the attorneys In the
Dreyfus case, did hot marry "the divorced
wife of Ignace- Jan ; Paderewskl," but^ht
married" the divorced wife of M. Vladimli
d© Fachmann, • a Russian pianist.
FORCE OF, WlNDj-S.,city. Wind with
the velocity, of 5 miles." an^ hour, has a pres
sure •¦ of j 2 ' ounces to -; the • square foot; ': 1(
miles, half ¦ a pound ; 20 • miles,' 2 pounds
30 miles." 4*6 pounds ; ; 40 miles, 5 ; 8 pounds j a
miles,; 13 , pounds ; * 60 j- miles.'- 18 • i pounds A 7(
miles," 24^pounds ;' SO ; miles," 32 , pounds 'anc
ltX) miles' 50 Pounds. |
SEA CAPTAIN— C.T., Modesto, CaK . Ir
order , to " become a .' sea captain the indi
yidual who ; has such an inclination imis'
ijjiiv and he familiar with navltratlf>ti..T-l (
ANSWERS TO QUERIES,
The Sacramento suicide who was found the other
day with a racing pool ticket as the only mark of
identification upon him forgxrt that he belonged to
P n army which is identified only as unfortunates.
A Christian orator who is now laboring among u.;
says that college students arc subjected to more and
greater temptations than any other class of men. It
is hardly possible that the reverend observer
means that the young gentlemen go looking fo> that
which will tempt them.
A bill has been introduced in the Legislature at
Sacramento with the single purpose of appropriatidg
$5000 for the study of the history of bugs in the Sfat*.
Legislators might perform a public service, accom
plish the suggested task readily and save the proposed
expense by scrutinizing many of the bills which are
before them for adoption. They may find more than
one interesting bug.
Information comes from New Hampshire that while
Senator Chandler is to ' be out of : office at the end of
this Congress, he is rot going j to . out of politics
so lone as his tomahawk holds its edee.
' The impetuous Stanford ; student i who was given
an unwelcome morning bath for an indiscreet remark
has probably been persuaded. that there- are some
things that were best left unsaid. .'
William Waldorf Astor has once more bid for the
favor of the English . aristocrats" by whom he ' was
snubbed. r He has fed them : a sumptuous ¦ feast. '}, He
evidently, believes that the social army makes progress
as does the military— on its belly. ¦ .-.-:¦¦
: Our State legislators are of the opinion that •Con
gress would be wise to investigate the official acts of
United States District Judge Noyes of Nome. What
ever else may be said in reference to the' affair it cer
tainly cahnotbe denieckthat Judge Noyes has left a
very rich field for investigation^
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— Mrs. C. B.
Jennings, Mrs. Al B. Eastwood and Dr.
Kate J. Howard of San Francisco. H. H.
Wilkins, the ' Misses Wilkins and ; Miss
Nichols of San Rafael are at the Shore
ham.
OAXITOItNIAlTS IN WASBTNGTO]
Captain E. G. Beeson. surgeon of th<
Thirty-ninth Infantry, is registered at the
Occidental.
¦ W. A. Blssell, assistant traffic manage:
of the Santa Fe, is quite ill at his homft it
Alameda,'-..
J. H. Ambrose, a wealthy retired bust
ness man of Orono, Maine, is at, th<
Grand, i . •
A. J. Biethen, one of the proprietors 0
the Seattle Times, and his wife are at th<
Grand. ¦
Robert W.Balrd, a noted electrician oi
Glasgow, Is at the Palace for' a few days
J. W. Roeers, banker at Sundance,
•\JVyo., is at the Occidental .with his wife.
Dr. Irwin N. Frasse of Ban. Jose .-, is
staying at the Occidental for a few days.
J. R. Robinson, a Chico banker, la at
the Grand. ' '
r>r. W. F. Graham of South Carolina is
at the Occidental.
Dr. H. L. Pace of Tulare Is a late arri
val at the Palace.
JV R. "Weeks, an oil man of Los Ansre
lesi Is at the Grand. .
G. T. Coffey, a Nevada City mining
man, Is at the Lick.
James I. Dolan, a mlnlnsr man of Coul
tervllle, Is at the. Palace.
;N/C. Murdock, who settled in Utah In
1847, is visiting In the city.
Lew E. Aubrey, a.. Los Angeles mining
man, la registered at the Grand.
Dr. A. \ B. Chamberlain of Galveston,
Texas, is", a late arrival at the Grand.
A, C. Clark, superintendent of the Pat
ton asylum, is registered at . the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION
WrHENEVER a Western man suggests the ex
penditure of a few millions of Government
money for the irrigation of the arid regions
of the country the East complains of "an alarminij
tendency to loot the treasury," but when it is a ques
tion of supplying more waterways for any part of
the East, then those same people begin to talk loudly
of the duty of the Government "to promote internal
improvements." . -
There are enough canal or deep water projects
urged upon Congress by the East to entail a govern
mental expenditure large enough to Irrigate every
acre of arid land in the West, plant it with roses and
chrysanthemums and build a villa on it with a red
stable in the background.
The country is already familiar with the proposal to
convert the Chicago drainage canal into a ship canal i
which will enable sea-going vessels to pass from Lake
Michigan to the Mississippi and the Gulf. The fur
ther project of constructing a deep water canal from
the lakes to the ocean at New York is also well
known. Those two enterprises alone would cost more
than twice as much as has ever been estimated as
requisite to irrigate all the arid West that is capable
of irrigation. In addition to them there are other
big schemes. Philadelphia wishes the Delaware
River opened so as to make a thirty foot channel to
the sea, but that is a small and modest wish, not
widely different from^ Boston's desire for a forty foot
waterway in her harbor at a cost of only $10,000,000.
A more costly project is that- of constructing an
inland waterway from' Beaufort, N. C, to Boston, on
the one hand, and to the lakes on the other. The
plan is to have the canal start at Norfolk, Va., and
run southward through the Dismal Swamp canal to
Albemarle Sound, thence through Scuppernong-
River to Pimlico Sound, and thence to Beaufort
through the Neuse and Newport canal. Northward
from Norfolk the waterway is to be opened through
Chesapeake Bay, and thence by canal to the
I Delaware River. After that -there is something like
clear sailing for the scheme, for, as a New York ad
vocate of the enterprise says: /'The. Delaware River
is navigable by all craft to Philadelphia, and for ves
sels of considerable size to Bordentown. From. the
fetter city there is canal navigation to the Raritan, at
New Brunswick, and thence, of course, there is a fine
inland waterway to New York. From this city there
I is a cross-country waterway by the Hudson River
land Erie canal to the whole system of Great Lakes
I and the St. Lawrence River. There is also the way
up the coast, by Long Island Sound to " Buzzard?
Bay, and thence, by the construction of a short canal
to Cape Cod Bay and Boston." •• -..,<¦¦ . :
There are some other projects. TheTnew South has
• a yearning for canals. One scheme proposes a canal
I across Florida so as to shorten the route from Gulf
EASTERN WATERWAY PROJECTS.
Of course in repom of that kind. there is always
more or less exaggeration. That much is understood.
It is to be borne in mind, however, that the progress
toward centralization of railroad interests has been
so rapid of late that the exaggerations of one diy
have been understatements on the next: Between the
railroad companies and the express companies there
is now close alliance. In the end itimay please the
magnates of the roads to swallow their allies,' as well
as the coal mines arid the; steer plants.
In addition to the report of those schemes from
New York there come3 another from -Chicago to the
effect -that' Morgan and Hill have been "negotiating
for the purpose of getting control of the express traf
fic- It is stated to be the intention of the combine
to conduct the express business as a regular part of
railroad operation. The report adds: "While noth
ing regarding the plans is obtainable, it is
claimed to.be the intention of the railroad officials to
refuse to renew contracts with the, companies where
the remaining life of the contracts is not long and to
make outright purchases of franchises where the con
tracts still have long lives before them. The ex
press companies have contracts ranging all the way
from" five to twenty years, and at the expiration > 6(
their legal agreements they. are. at the mercy of. the
railroad companies."-
The great railroad deal arranged by J. Pierpont
Morgan and James J. Hill appears to be reaching
after everything that can in any important way^affect
railroads. They have not only discussed the combi
nation of some of, tHje greatest trunk lines of the con
tinent into one system, but they have approached the
Carnegie Company for the purpose of controlling the
steel manufacturing industry so as to command th*
price of rails and other materials of that kind, and.
moreover, they will virtually dominate the coal in
dustry of nearly the whole country north of the Poto
\nzc and east of the Mississippi.
ONLY a short time ago the country was cheered
by reports f rom New ( York that there had
come a reaction against the movement for the
consolidation of great interests under a single man
agement. The statistics showed that while in 1899
the aggregate capitalization of industrial combines
reached the enormous sum of $2,500,000,000, the ag
gregate capitalization of such enterprises last year was
but $945,000,000. So marked a decline as that justi
fied expectation that the worst of the trust scare was
over, but later developments threaten to revive it.
I11 fact, if all reports be true, we are now about to
witness a combination that will come very near being
as big a thing of the kind as can ever be achieved un
less we reach absolute state socialism.
A FAR - REACHING TRUST.
Upon Californians of this generation is imposed
the duty of saving these trees from destruction. It
is a duty whose fulfillment cannot be postponed. Rap
idly are the redwoods falling before the march of
civilization that is ruthless of beauty. If anything of
the srrand old glories of California is to be saved
for the delight of the present and the wonder of the
future the work of salvation must begin now 4 .
The preservation of these great trees is a matter in
which all Californians ought to take an interest. They
constitute one of the chiefest glories of the State.
They are the stately adornments by which nature has
marked out this land as more favored than all else
in the world. Were even a few of them in any part
of Europe they would have been in ancient days the
chief objects of Druidic veneration and through all
ages since the subjects of royal care. They would
be renowned in song and story, and the four corners
of the world would long ere this have rung with the
Lme of their majesty snd their beauty.
It will be noted the Hll does not specify any par
ticular tract of land. The commission is to be free to
search the State over and select such tract as in the
judgment of the Commissioners will be best fitted to
j reserve a forest of the giant redwoods. The Semper
virens Club has, however, prepared a written and il
lustrated argument in favor of the Big Basin. It con
tains photographs of scenes within that forest show
ing not only views of the general landscape but pic
tures of several of the largest, oldest and most mag
nificent trees. The photographs reveal the beauty of
the place and the hugeness of the giants of the wood.
In themselves they constitute a valid justification for
the appeal the club has made.
The bill provides for the creation of a commission to
be composed of the Governor of the State, the presi
dent of the University of California, the president of
Stanford University, and two other Commissioner*
to be appointed by the Governor. The commission
is to select a tract of land within the State upon
vhich are growing trees known as Sequoia semper
virens, and which is most suitable for a park whose
j.urpose is to preserve a body of those trees from
destruction. It is provided that the land shall not
exceed $500,000 in cost, and that the sum of $250,000
shall be immediately appropriated to be used by the
commission solely for the purchase of land for the
proposed nark.
THE Sempervirens Club has presented to the
Legislature a bill designed for the purpose of
saving from destruction "a forest of the oldest
end largest trees on earth." The forest stands in
what is known as the "Big Basin" of the Santa Cruz
Mountains, and is well situated to serve as a wood
land for the study and cultivation of forestry by the
students of the two great universities of the State,
and also as a grand holiday park and recreation
ground for all who desire a summer outing under
ideal conditions. The effort made by the Semper
virens Club to save the forest is therefore worthy the
co-operation of the public of the whole State.
CALIFORNIA REDWOOD P0RK.
SATURDAY JANUARY 19, 1901
fOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
kltnu 111 Ccm&t&ieitiosi to W. 8. LEASE, Ktnigtr.
HtV.tCI'll'S OKPICR .Telephone Prrim UO4
ITULICATJO.> OFFICE. ..Mnrlcet «n* Third. S. F.
Telephone Pre** 201.
cniTOHIAL ROOMS SIT to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered ti*- mrrlrm. IB Cent* Per We»U.
itlnarfe Coplec, B Cent*.
Term* 1»T Mali. Inclndlitic Postasret
DATt,T CALr, ftncluatn* Sunday), cne year M.***
PAILT CALI, ftnelufllnr Sunday). « month* S.M
PATI.T CALX. Onelnding Fun«3«j-). t month*.. l.W
OAILT CALLr-Bx 6in|rl» Month «Se
SUNDAY CALL. One Tear l.W
WEEKLY CALL. One Yew 1.00
All postmaster* are unthorltrd to receive
¦ nTi»<*rIptlon».
6arr.fl* copies will be forwarded trnen requested.
Mall rrV^crtber* In frt'rlnr rhanr* «f «<1i1re"« «honli1 N»
particular to rtv« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
r. GEORGE KROGtfESS."
Ktt&gtr foreign Airtrtititg. Kirqcettt Bnildlsg, Cfcltsgt,
<L«cr.r Distance "T»r>hon» "Central SttJ.">
N-ETT TORK CORRESPONDENT: .-.V.
C C. CAHLTO.V Derald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
tTEPHES B. SMITH SO Tribune BnlldlnK
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Walflorf-Artoria Rote!; A. Brentaco, & Union Square:
Murray Kill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
e&ennas Hocee: P. O. Newt Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Bouse; Auditorium Hotel.
Washington <n. c.> office.... i4oo g §u n. w.
MORTO.\ 12. CRANK. Correspondent.
BRAJTCn OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, earner «jf Clay, open ,
until «:X3 o'clock. SOO Hayes, open until »:80 o'clock. tSl
McAIlIrter. cpen until »:S0 o'clock. CIS Larkln. open 'unMl
»::o o'clock. 1*41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. OBI Market.
ccrcer Sixteenth, open until t o'clock. 109« Valencia, open
cctll S o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until * o'clock.
It is not easy to determine what should be done to
remedy the evil, but it is worth noting the United
States Government recently compelled railroad cor
porations to adopt the improvement of automatic
couplings, and 'it would seem, therefore, that intelli
gent governmental supervision and regulation might
compel telegraph and telephone companies to accept
improvements which are calculated to be of service
to the public. It is well understood that while great
combinations in control of the public utilities and
industries of the country are productive of much good,
they also bring many evils in their train, and among
those evils is that of, checking the improvements
which men of scientific attainments and mechanical
skill are now capable of devising for the advancement
of civilization.
The statement occurs in an interview with Edison
recently, published in the Western Electrician. He is
quoted as having said: "There is no incentive to-day
to any one to devote time or money' in attempting to
increase the rapidity of telegraphic communication in
this country. As you very well know, telegraphy in
the United States is in the hands of financiers', and
any business man will understand me when I say that
it is only too .evident that the present policy of the
great companies is to 'let wellenough alone.' "
This statement contains the clear' imputation that
the big telegraph corporations, being no longer urged
by- the rivalry of competing companies to make im
provements in their lines and increase the facilities
for telegraphic communication, are deliberately hold*
ing-back improvements because they do not wish to
go to the expense, of altering their plants.
If that be true of telegraph companies, and Edison
is in a position to know the truth, it must be equally
true of the corporations that control telephone com
panies. It is quite probable that if there were any
thing like competing telephone lines available to spur
one another on to improvement there would be a
much better system of telephoning in use by thi3
time. Science and invention are, in fact, held back
by corporate interests, and the new century begins the
work of rivaling the nineteenth in progress with that
handicap upon its efforts.
BY reason of his many extraordinary statements
Tesla has managed for some time past to oc
cupy a much larger space in the columns of
sensational journals than any other experimenter in
this country along lines of electrical development.
His recent suggestion of the possibility of communi
cating with Mars is a specimen of the means by which
he makes his bids for fame, or rather for notoriety.
In comparison with such declarations Edison has
been quiet, and yet he has m?de an assertion which
has far more claim upon the attention of intelligent
men than anything Tesla has said or done in five
years.
HOLDING BACK IMPROVEMENT.
MISMANAGEMENT (KT SflN QUENTIN.
The issue confronts the Legislature. It cannot be
ignored and it must not be evaded. An investigation
must take place. It can hardly be necessary to ad-1
that when made the investigation should be thorough.
It should not be confined to the circumstances con
cerning this particular case; it should bring to light
the whole system of prison management and make
clear the practices by which that system is carried out
ii« daily operation. Reorganization, as Mr. Wilkins
says, is a necessity, but before it is undertaken it
should be made known wherein the present manage
ment is defective and who are to blame for the de
fects either of method or of practice.
Upon that showing Prison Director Wilkins is cer
'tainly justified in declaring: "A thorough reorgani
zation of the present prison methods is a necessity."
To what extent the State has suffered by the de
falcations of Walden and the neglect of duty on the
part of his superiors is not yet known. In comment
ing upon that phase of the question Prison Director
Wilkins stated in ah interview: "The loss to the
State by Walden's defalcations may reach as high as
$50,000, although as yet we know of only $2750. From
our expert's report and the investigation of detectives
I believe the stealing has been going on for a number
of years — in fact, almost since Walden took his place.
The man Levy admitted to me this morning- that he
had had other dealings with Walden., than those
we have discovered, and I think it likely that yet other
receivers of stolen goods will be found."
Passing from the particular case which has been
brought to light to a general view of the subject Mr.
Wilkins went on to say: "If Walden did any stealing
previous to September 9 of last year Clerk Joseph
Ellis, of the Prison Board must have been aware of
his defalcations, and the thefts probably extend over
a period of years. We believe they did. Certainly
Walden must have had confederates at the prison. The
business management of this institution has been lax
and disgraceful. In every administration affairs have
been loosely conducted, artd the present one of Mar
tin Aguirre is no exception to the rule. Since Sep
tember 9 we have had no clerk of the Prison Board,
and no attempt has been made to see if sacks were
delivered. Before that date the sacks were dumper!
on a wharf in San Francisco and whoever called for
them took them away. The clerk of the board was
supposed to find out if the sacks were delivered, and
if while that official was holding office any thefts were
made he must have been an accomplice."
No valid reason can be given to justify the appoint
ment of Walden to a position of such trust, nor, in
deed, can it be even so much as excused. The office
should have been assigned to some man of knowa
honesty who has a family to support and who, being
a good citizen, merits the position. Instead of be
stowing the place -upon a worthy man the prison
authorities conferred it upon an ex-convict, gave him
a large freedom of action in the conduct of the busi
ness of the office and then left him without that super
vision which shoald have been exercised over even
the most honest man who might have been employed
ir. the place.
Upon the very face of the facts there is evidence
of bad judgment* to say the least. An ex-convict em
ployed in a capacity of great responsibility and trust
lias apparently been permitted to have an a.most free
hand in control of the sale of sacks from the prison
mill. His previous bad character, though well known
to the Warden and to all in authority, was seemingly
no warning to them of his weakness and no sugges
tion that they should put around him the watchfulness
needed not only to protect the property of the State
*but to prevent him from feeling the temptations that
would lead him to add other frauds and crimes to
those of which he had been already convicted.
BY the publication of the facts concerning the
fraud practiced by C. J. Walden in the sale of
sacks stolen from the jute mill at San Quentin
The Call has exposed something more than the dis
honesty of that cx-clcrk " and ex-convict. It has
brought to light the carelessness or worse of the
prison authorities and exposed a condition of affairs
that renders investigation imperative.
ports to Atlantic ports. Another project is to have
an inland waterway from Savannah, Ga., to* Wilming
ton, N. C, and so on; to connect with the northern
waterway. In short, anything that promises^ a water
way by which to empty the United States treasury
along the Atlantic coast or down the Mississippi-Val
ley is regarded as a legitimate work of the Govern
ment. In the meantime the West is exhorted to pay
taxes and to abstain from; looting the treasury. "~
NO SIGNALS SENT
FROM RUDDY MARS
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Olumhla— "Way Down East."
Central Theater— "The Two Orphans."
California— "A Breezy Time."
Or^heum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-bouse — "The Rogue's Comedy."
Alhambra— "A Stranrer in a Strange LanJ."
Alcazar — "Ne'l G Wynne."
Olympla. corner Mason and Bddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
ereninj.
Pi t-oher's— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple — Lecture by Rev. Peter C. Torke,
Thursday evening:. February 7.
California Jocke>- Club (Oakland)— Race*.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. TV. Lota&erbocl: — This <5ay, at 11 a. m. and 2 p. m..
Oriental Bag*, at SW. corner Geary and Stockton street*.
New Santa. Fe Train.
The new Santa Fe train known as th» Cali-
fornia Limited affords service very much supe-
rior to anything ever before offered to Coast
travelers. •
Gas Consumers' Association. 344 Port st. re-
duces gas bins from 20 to 49 per cent. Gas anj
electric "meters tested. Electrical department.
All kinds of electric ¦work promptly attended to.*
To neglect the hair is to lose youth and eom«-
Uness. Save it with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercoms. th« best cure for corns. 13 cts.
It is commonly believed among the
peasantry in the Ural Mountains that for
a wolf to see a man before the man sees
the wolf is an omen that he will be
"struck dumb," and so remain as Ions
as the wolf lives.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California place frulf. 51c -v
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
633 Market street. Palace Hotel building •
Cameras, photographic supplies, book3
on photography and books for unmounted
photographs. Printing and developing
done in the latest styles. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Best eyeglasses, specs. 15c to 40c. Look
out for 81 4th, front of barber and grocery.*
Wilgus oil burners. Office and salesroom
514A Mission street. Telephone John 2408. •
Choice candles, Townsend's.Palaco Hot»l. •
* _ . .' — — ¦ — , —
gNEXTJ^gJIf
HSUNDAY'Slii
.— — ~~z ¦ : ¦¦- • i -
JANUARY 20, /"* All "
— — — r 1 — — - Via, B -j Q -
/// fs San Francisco in the Grip \\
.///// of " The Green Terror " ? V\v\
/////// What Sort of a Creature Is $0sVV\\
} OVVW^ * By GRACE FEKN-
y/yy/// The Queen of Portugal as a ws^oooS\
//////// -Heroine. vvV\\V^
' / y/yyyyy Notable Examples of Hazing, avvvav
/y/yyy// r est Bear-Hunting Vvvvvw
'/////V^/ Y Stories. wvvsNNa
/////// By Fire San Francisco Spot Jsmen. VVVV\Vx\
/yyy/yyy What Some of Our Wealthy VwOvw
/ y/^yyy Boys and Giris Desire to vVv^oSsX
//////// Be When They Grow Up. VOO^NNN
yy//y/y Peck's Bad Boy and the vvVwvw
yv^Sy Groceryman in New ? York. \\\\Na\
/yyy , Completion of the Coast Line \Vv\sShipping -Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Friday, January 13.
Stmr Santa Ana, Strand, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Mandalay. Reed, 40 hours from Coqullle
River.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 5 days from Tacoma.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, IS hours from
Point Arena.
Nor Btmr Hero. Syversten, 30% days from
Kobe, via Yokohama 25 days, via San Diego
2 days.
Stmr Lakme, Schage, 30 hours from Eureka;
bound to San Pedro: put in to land passen-
P S™mr San Pedro," Jahnsen. ; 25 hours from
Friday. January 18.
Stmr Santa Ro&a. Alexander. San LMego.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall. Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Zealandia, Dowdell, Honolulu.
Stmr Newport, Saunders, Panama and way
ports; Pacific Mail S S Co.
Br stmr Victoria, Blakey, Chemainus; R
Dunsmuir's Eons Co.
SAILED.
Friday, January 18.
Nor stmr Titania, Scenes, Nanalmo.
Schr Ivy, Samuelson. Coos Bay. .></'
Schr Gem, Nelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro.
Stmr Navarro, Green, Bowens Landing.
• Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Lakme. Schage, San Pedro.
Stmr Newsboy, Ohlstrom, .
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka. «.-.._;
Slmr Zealandia, Dowdell, Honolulu.
Stmr Newport, Saunders, Panama and way
ports.
Stmr Aberdeen. Hansen. .
Stnvr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria.
Stmr ProKreso. Monroe, Tacoma.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 1?, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 8 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Schr Czarina is ashore at Pavlof Harbor,
Sannak Island, having been driven ashore dur
ing a hurricane and very high tide. Vessel
has keel gone, but not damaged otherwise. At
high water vessel has three feet of water
around her.
GUAYMAS. Jan 16— Ger ship Edmund, pre
viously reported ashore at Santa Rosalia, has
been floated.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived .Jan 18— Stmr W H
Krucer. hence Jan 15.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan IS— Stmr Alliance,
hence Jan 17: stmr Westport, hence Jan 17.
Sailed Jnn IS— Schr Ottlllle Fjord, for Ka
hulul; schr Eureka, for ; schr O M Kel
logg, for Hilo: stmr Brunswick, for San Fran
oisoo; stmr Eureka, for Ban Francisco; stmr
Alliance, for Astoria.
ASTORIA— Arrived- Jan 17— French bark La
Rochefoucauld, from London.
Sailed Jan 17 — Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco; stmr South Portland, for San Francisco;
Br shin Andreta, for Queenstown; French
bark Alice, for Algoa Bay: outside with pilot
on board, Br bark Queen Victoria, from Naga
saki. ' *
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 18— Stmr Arcata, hence Jan 15.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Jan IS — Kchr Ludlow,
frotr. Tacoma; schr Annie Larsen, ; from Ta-
stationery, 10 bdls steel. 228 bdls shooks. 13 cs
salmon, 39,763 lbs tallow, 4 chests tea, 23 bbla
tar,- 18 cs varnish, 3 bbls 96 cs whisky, 16 cs
2229 gals wine. 7 pkgs windmill. 63 reels wire.
For Panama— 669 lbs sugar, 480 bbls flour, 20
crs potatoes. 2032'lbs beans.
In transit — S2 cs silk valued at $1000.
For South America— 3930 lbs hops, 203 gals
wine, 1 cs stationery.
coma; stmr South Coast, (from Ventura: stmr
Alcatraz. from ; stmi( Grace Dollar, from
Grays Harbor. "\
BOWEN'S LANDING— Arrived Jan 18— Schr
Newark, hence Jan 17; stmr Navarre, hence
Jan 13. *
Sailed Jan IS — Schr Bender Bros, for San
Francisco.
SOUTH BEND-Arrlved Jan J8-Eohr North
Bend, hence Jan 9.
Sailed Jan IS— Schr J B Leeds, for San Fran-
PORT TOW'NSEND— Arrived Jan 18— Br stmr
Athenian, from Manila.
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan 17-Stmr Mackinaw,
for San Francisco.
FORKIGX PORTS.
ACAFULCO— Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Peru, for
Panama. I
NEWCASTLE. Aus — Sailed Jan 17— Ship
Emily Ueed, for Honolulu.
KINSALB— Passed Jan 17— Br ship Beech
bank, hence Aug 16. for Queenstown.
IPSWICH— Arrived Jan 16— Br shTp M E
Watson, hence Auk 9.
YOKOHAMA— In port Jan 14— Ger ship Ar
thur Flttrer. for Oregon.
LONDON— Sailed Jan 17— Ger stmr Tanis, for
San Francisco.
NAGASAKI— Arrived Jan 16-Stmr Port Al
bert, ¦ from Manila for Seattle.
OCEA-N STEAMERS.
GLASGOW — Arrived Jan IS — Stmr Norwegian,
from Portland. ..
Sailed Jan IS— Stmr Laurentian. for- New
York.
NAPLES— Arrived Jan 18— Stmr Furst Bis
marck, from New Tork. :
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 18— Stmr Cym
ric, from New Xork for Liverpool.
Sailed Jan IS— Stmr New England, from Liv
erpool for Boston. .
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Pretoria,
from Nfew York for Hamburg.
LONDON — Sailed Jan 18 — Stmr Mesaba.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 18— Stmr California,
for Marseilles.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
THE BRITISH TRAMP STEAMSHIP CONDOR THAT ARRIVED HERE
FROM IQUIQUE WITHOUT ENOUGH COAL. IN HER BUNKERS TO
MAKE STEAM IN THE "DONKEY" BOILER,
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
The Newport sailed yesterday for Panama
and way ports with a general cargo, valued at
$53,102, manifested as follows: For Mexico 120 -
694; Centhal America, $29,471; Panama, 'l2l3S-
South America. $7&9. The following were the
principal shipments:
For Mexico— 2 carboys acid, 716 lbs butter, 20
cs crackers, 14 cs dry goods, 10 cs drugs, 210
bbls flour. 153 pkgs groceries and provisions
819 cs hardware, 230 bars 22 bdls Iron. 21 pkes
machinery. 11 crs onions, 15 bbls i cs oil 22 cs
powder, 11 pkgH paint, 70 crs potatoes, 16 pc»
6 Mis pipe, 25 flsks quicksilver, 6 bdls steel, 20
kej?8 spikes, 109 bdls shooks, 7 cs stationery,
20D0 lbs tallow. 22 era vegetables, 3 kegs vlne
grar, 1518 gals wine, 2 pkgs wagon material, 3
bbls 10 cs whisky.
For Central America— 65 "bxs apples, 6 pkgs
agricultural implements, 275 gals 50 cs beer, 80
bbls cement. 272 cs coal oil, 8 tons coal, 21 cs
canned goods. 43 cs dry goods, 3066 bbls flour,
249 pkgs groceries and provisions, 45 cs hard
ware, 65 kegs white lead. 24,000 ft lumber, 8
pkRs machinery. 50 pk*?s mlllwork, 13,700 lbs
malt, 23 cs 11 bbls 21 drums oil, 28 crs onions.
32t crs potatoes. 130 bdls paper, 21 cs paint. 4950
lbs rice, 10 pkgs raisins, 40 kegs staples. 14 c«
"Water Front Notes.
The whaler Andrew Hicks is being
stripped and recalked preparatory to an
other cruise in the Southern and Okhotsk
seas. The bark Gayhead has been sold
by Madison, Bruce & Sellars and next sea
son this firm will handle only the Bow
head (now wintering in the Arctic), the
Andrew Hicks and the steamer Fearless.
The latter two will probably sail on a
whaling cruise next month.
Martin Saunders has. let a contract to
E. Cousins of Grays Harbor for a four
masted schooner with a capacity of one
million feet of lumber.
The new Hunters Point pumping plant
has been completed and will be in opera
tion in a couple of days. There are three
of thes* immense machines, with a com
bined power of 110,000 gallons a minute
W. Zoller. purser of the steamer New
port, has resigned his position and is now
passenger agent and freight manager of
the Pacific Steam and Navigation Com
pany. The Guatemala, the first ste&mer
of the new line, is due here February 1.
NEWS OF THE OCEAJT.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Flottbek loads wheat at Portland for
Europe. 40s (option of Tacoma or San Fran
cisco, 9d lees, prior to arrival); the ! \lster
damm, wheat at Tacoma for Europe, 40s (di
rect port Dd less, option of San Francisco); the
Jennie Ward, lumber at Eureka for Hilo- the
Serena Thayer, lumber on Puget Sound for
Kahulul: the British steamer Royalist, coal at
Oyster Harbor for this port, and merchandise
at* this port for New Zealand and Australia
Anna Is Also Missing.
The schooner Czarina, owned by the
McCollam Fishing and Trading Com
pany, left here on November 3 for Sand
Point. Yesterday news reached San
Francisco that on December 6 she was
driven high and dry on the beach in
Pavlof harbor, Sannak Island. There is
$15,000 insurance on the hull and the un
derwriters say she will, be got off. The
captain and crew attempted to dig a canal
through which to float the schooner to
sea, but failed in the attempt. A tug will
be sent north to try and tow the stranded
vessel off.
Men who know the spot on which the
Czarina is stra/ided say she will never
come off. According to them she is on a
rocky shore and her keel is gone
and she is otherwise much damaged. The
Czarina was built for th.j codnshing busi
ness and has been engaged in it for years.
The schooner Anna is owned by the
Alaska Codfish Company and she left San
l"rancisco for Sand Point on November 22.
Since then she has never been spoken.
On December 22 a mail left most of the
Alaskan ports, but Sand Point advices
said she had not arrived there. Still,
driven by stress of weather, the captain
may have put into some port of refuge
and all may yet be well.
.
Zealandia Sails.
The Oceanic Company's mall steamship
Zealandia sailed for Honolulu yesterday.
She carries a very valuable cargo and the
following cabin passengers:
J. B. Agassis and wife. J. "W. Bates and son.
Rev. E. Bishop, Miss E. Cowen, W. L. Cro
well, D. W. Dornaife, J. F. Duroa and wife
George Falligan, James S. Fox, Miss N. E.
Fox, A- M. Harrison and wife, Charles Jen
kel and wife, J. M. Jchnson, wife and child.
Miss H. Johnson, Mrs. L. I. Laine, Miss A
It. Lenaghan, A. E. Livingston. Captain F.
Mc6her. Mrs. G. W. Paty. Dr. J. F. Pearce
and wife. H. V. Reeves, Mrs. W. Rice, P.
Rice. Mrs. H. W. RIetow, Ray Rletow. Geortre
M. I toll. h. Charles Schle6inger. P. Shields, M.
T. Simonton and wife, Dr. C. Shorman wife
and child.
MORE SCHOONERS IN TROTJBLE.
Czarina Reported Wrecked and the
p:-tT^HE British steamer Condor, which
I irrived here from Iquique with a
H cargo of nitrate a few days ago,
*J_l had . a very narrow escape from
coming to a dead stop at sea.
When she finally made port there was not
enough coal in the bunkers to make
steam in the donkey boiler and in conse
quence a scow laden with "black dra
monds" • had- to be. put alongside before
the steamer could move from her anchor
age. It took some time to get steam up
in the "donkey" boiler. and then when the
anchor, was raised. a tug had to take the
tramp to the Oakland long wharf. Had
there been any coal left the Condor would
have gone to Port Costa direct and saved
the owners of the nitrate ' considerable
money.
There is little or no coal to be procured
at the nitrate ports and when the Condor
was ready to sail for San Francisco the
captain found that he could not get, fuel
for love or money. The steamer was
twenty-five days -coming up and lust
escaped the hurricane that has done so
much damage along the coast. Had she
run into it the chances are her coal would
have been burned up and she would have
been a helpless derelict.
Schooner Czarina Goes on Sand Point and It Is Feared She
Will Be a Total Loss-Anna Also Missing— Stranded
Ship Edmund Is Saved.
BRITISH TRAMP STEAMER CONDOR
JUST MANAGES TO REACH PORT
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey —
Times - and Heights . of High and . Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
y Francisco ¦ Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. ,
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
five minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide is the same at both places.
x NOTE— In th« ¦ above ,.' exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides : are | given I in the left
hand column and the successive tides of " the
day I in I the . order ' of occurrence as to time of
day. > the third . time column gives the last tide
of - the day. ; except ' when there are but . three
tides, as sometimes occurs. -The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States ' Coast ¦ Survey charts,-, except ' when a
minus b!_ n . ( — ) precedes the ' height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
piven , by ; the - charts. -. The plane ' of ; reference
is the mean of the lower low waters,
The career of Samuel L. Clemens,
"Mark ' Twain," . is In some of Its aspects
like that of Browne. Both came from the
humblest homes, and both began life as
Itinerant printers, Browne working his
way westward and Clemens drifting east
ward. Both were attracted by • the pic
turesque phases of life In extreme West
ern America, and both were influenced by
A Ward Is ded. He saw the error of his way
at 15 mlnlts porst 2 yesterday, and stabbed his-
Bc.li with a stuffed - sled-stake, dying In five
beautiful tabloos to slow moosio.
By attendln strickly to blzness I've amassed
a handsum Pittance.
• They axed me if they could go in without
paying. "Not exactly," sex I, "but you can
pay without going in."
I tell you, feller-citizens, it would have bin
ten dollars In Jeff Davis' pocket lf he'd never
At theboardln House (at Oberlln College) the
cultured peple sit at the flrsj table. What they
leeve Is made into hash for the white peple.
As I don't like the Idee of eatln' my vlttles
with Ethiopians. 1 eit at the secklnd table, and
the konsequence is I've devowered .so much
haBh that my inwards is In a hily mixt.up
condlshun. . .
It makes men's noses blo6sum like the lobster
i'-l Intended to make this letter very serls. but
a few goaks may have accidentally crept in.
Never mind. Besides., I think it Improves a
komlck paper to publish - a goak once In a
while.
"What time does this string of second-hand
coffins leave?" I inquired of the depot master.
His writings abound in exaggeration and
irreverence, they are often positively
coarse, though they are never profane,
and they are often for pages the merest
horse play. The element that keeps them
alive is the indescribable drollery, the con
stant occurrence of surprising turns of
thought, and the naive and almost uncon
scious incongruity everywhere to be
found. • One may open almost at random
and find a passage worthy of quotation:
Resently my feller sitterzens extended a In
vite for me to norate to 'em on the krysli. I
excepted & on last Toosday nlte I peared be
4 & C of upturned faces in the Red Skoal
House, j ,
Few who have used misspelling as a
comic effect have surpassed "Artemus
Ward." His combinations of letters and
figures always bring a shock of surprise:
"Walt till I go home," he says in his Inter
view with Jefferson Davis, "and start out th«
Baldinsvill Mounted Hosb Cavalry! I'm capt
ing of that corpse, I am, and J. Davis, be
ware! Jefferson D., I now leave you! Fare
well, my gay Saler Boy! Good-by. my bold
buccaneer! Plrut of the deep blua sea, adoo.
adoo."
He delighted In sly hits at the over-ro
mantlc, at the artificiality of stage diction
and at fine writing generally.
It will be seen that one element of the
humor of Artemus Ward liea in his un
usual coinages of words. Some of his ef
forts are really surprising:
"Let us glide," I said, "In the mazy dance."
and we Klode.
Alexander the Great was punklns, but Napo
leon was punklnses.
I said, "Why these weeps?"
Again they asked me to marry them, and
again I declined. When they cried. "O cruel
man! this is too much — oh, too much!" I told
them it was on account of the muchness that
I declined.
Of all the odd things that he saw, the
Mormons delighted him most. He never
tired of dwelling on their peculiarities:
Their religion is singular, but their wives are
plural. — .
I regret to say that efforts were made to
make a Mormon of me while I was In Utah.
It was leap year when I was there, and
seventeen young widows— the wives of a de
ceased Mormon (he died by request)— offered
me their hearts and hands. I called upon them
one day, and taking their soft white hands In
mine— which made eighteen hands altogether—
I found them in tear3. and I said, "Why la
this thus? What is the reason of this thus
ness?" -.¦'¦
They hove a sigh— seventeen sighs of differ
ent size. They said, "Oh, soon thou wilt be
gonested away 1 ."
I told them that when I got ready to leave a
place I usually wentested. They said: "Doth
not like us?"
I said, "I doth, I doth!" I also said. "I
hope your Intentions are honorable, as I am a
lone child, and my parents are far. far away!"
They then said: "Wilt not marry us?"
I said. "Oh, no; it cannot was."
The key to Ward's drollery lay in his
peculiar personality. To him the world
was inverted: he saw everything in a
strange, topsy-turvy way. Things that
most people consider beautiful or sublime
or faultless or holy awoke in him an in
voluntary mirth, and the total unpre
paredneas of the mind for his remarks
and observations made them doubly
laughable. The incongruous always at
tracted him; he delighted in picturesque
personalities and communities; the Mor
mons, the Shakers, the free- lovers,
"wimln's rites asscciashuns," the Indians
—indeed, his books furnish a complete list
of the incongruous and unique elements
in the American life and society of his
day.
Often he grew confidential and admitted
his hearers into the secret failings and
private history of his panorama, then sud
denly he would ask to be excused while
he ran up the moon over an evening
scene. An impatient JerKlng and shaking
would then be heard behind tho scenes,
after which the showman would come
forth and blandly ask the audience to
please excuse the moon for that evening,
as it was not In working order; in fact,
he would confide that the crying need of
his show was a good "moonist." After
describing the death of a certain charac
ter In his lecture on the Mormons, he
would suddenly pause and ask that soft,
sad music might be played on the piano.
Charles Farrar ! Browne, "Artemus
Ward," was a native of Waterford, Me.,
born about 1834. Thrown early upon his
own resources, he became a typesetter
and drifted from • office to office until in
1850 he finally reached Boston, where for
three years he set type for the comic
Journal, Mrs. Partington's Carpet Bag.
This apprenticeship -under Shlllaber
doubtless turned' his mind to humor as a
profession, but It was not until 1S57 or 1S5S.
while in Ohio, whither he had drifted,
that he adopted the nom de plume "A.
Ward" and began seriously to contribute
humorous matter to the papers and to de
liver comic lectures. In 1S60 he was In
vited to New York to become editor of
the new humorous weekly. Vanity Fair,
but the venture wa3 unsuccessful. Two
years later he mado a tour through the
extreme West in Bearch of humorous ma
terial, and upon his return he started in
1£66 u:>on a lecture tour of England. In
the midst of a brilliant success in Lon
don he died of consumption March 6, 1867.
The essence of "Artemus Ward's" hu
3nor lay first of all in the droll personality
of the man. Much of his "quaint humor,"
says Hawels, who heard him in London,
"could only live at all in that subtle at
mo.sphere which Artemus Ward's presence
created, and In which alone he was ablo
to operate." He was the originator of
what may be called the American manner
of delivering humor. He would set forth
his most telling Jokes with perfect com
posure, 'with an expression almost of sad
ness on his face, and then would look up
with seeming surprise when the audience
burst into, a roar. His methods as a lec
turer were always unexpected. At one
time he was ten minutes late and the
audience grew impatient. At length he
appeared and began to dust the furniture
of the stage. All supposed that he was a
mere assistant, and grew more impatient,
until at length he turned about with the
remark, "Now that everything is all
ready, I will begin." "I can see him now,"
says one who heard him lecture, "as h«*
came on the narrow platform in front of
his inferior panorama and stole a glance
at the densely packed room and then at
his panorama. • • • On first entering he
would seem profoundly unconscious that
anything was expected of him, but after
locking at the audience, then at his own
clothes, and then apologetically at his
panorama, he began to explain its mer
its."
From the great throng of newspaper
comedians who have so filled the latter
half of the century with their fleeting
merriment two have arisen to the secure
heights of literary Immortality— the one
through an indescribable drollery which
was nothing short of genius, the other
through a painstaking fidelity to nature
and a broad humanity that lifts many of
his pages far above the realm of the mere
joke book.
the gTeat spirit of literary comedy, with
its well known peculiarities, that swept
over America during the '50s and 'tSOs of
the nineteenth century. But "Mark.
Twain" is far more truly a humorist than
was his earlier rival. Browne was a lit
erary comedian, the prince of literary
comedians to be sure, but only at rare
times was he a true humorist. Much of
"Mark Twain" is mere farce; scattered
through his earlier books axe page after
page of horse play and broad wit and pure
drollery, yet under it all there is a basis
of minute observation of nature, and of
truth to the fundamentals of human life.
In much of his later work there Is a vein
of the truest pathos. Were all the merely
comic parts stricken from his writing he
would still rank as a great humorist.
Few men in a generation have seen so
wide an area of life as "Mark Twain."
Born in a frontier town on the Missis
sippi, he passed his boyhood amid an en
vironment and a society which, to say the
least, was peculiar to America. As a wan
dering printer during a most interesting
epoch he saw through a wide area a pic
turesque phase of our national life. Later
as a pilot on the Mississippi, then as a
Confederate soldier, and still later as a
traveler and Journalist In the wildest por
tions of the West— In Virginia City and in
the gold fields of California— he certainly
saw phases of life that are unique. In
later years he has traveled over most of
the globe and has resided for years at a
time In foreign cities. This cosmopolitan
training has made him the humorit not
of a small locality but of all America. He
is the most purely American type that has
thus far been produced, and he is the most
extensively -read. At the present day ho
is the most widely known of all Ameri
cans, and wherever he is known It is first
of all as a humorist. Ills books are read
in every language, and wherever they are
read they excite mirth, which proves that
his humor is of the universal type, an at
tribute of humor conferred only on a few
of the supreme masters.
In many ways it has been a positive loss
to the world that "Mark Twain" first be
came known as a great Joker. Nothing
that he writes is taken seriously. His
audience Is on a broad grin before he says
a word. He has complained that his most
serious work has time and again been
taken as comic, and all the effect upon
which he had counted therefore lost. As
a matter of fact, large areas of his works
were written in dead earnest; yet fate has
decreed that do what he may his truth
will read as lf it were a lie. and vice versa.
He has a rich vein of poetry in his na
ture; some of his descriptions of land
scapes are as good as anything of the
kind that we have in the language, and he
Is also a careful depicter of character and
of human nature. Tom Sawyer. Huckle
berry Finn and Pudd'nhead "Wilson are
drawn with Intense realism, both as to
themselves and their backgrounds.
He was not so much of a wit as Browne.
He does not flash and scintillate. His
humor is often like an atmosphere that
pervades a work. He is harder to quote—
indeed, the law may be positively stated
that the more genuine the humorist the
harder he is to quote. His humor comes
first of all from his minute powers ot
observation. He is wide awake and he
sees everything; no absurdity escapes
him. no sham, i.o Insincerity, no grotesque
incongruity. He ridicules the tourist who
is doing Europe in four weeks and who la
full of push and exclamation. He refuses
to show emotion at the tomb of Columbus,
but he weeps at the grave of Adam. "In
nocents Abroad" is a. book oftravels re
versed. It is Europe stripped of Its halo
and seen through the eyes of a keen, prac
tical, matter-of-fact Yankee, without rev-
Of "Mark Twain's" exaggeration and Ir
reverence little need be said. It is only a
minor phase of hts humor, yet It Is always
telling.
Th« stage driver said the Apaches used to
annoy him all the time when he was on the
southern overland, and that he came as near
as anything to starving 1 to death in the midst
of abundance, because they kept him so leaky
with bullet holes that he couldn't hold his
vittlea. - . -.
Salt Lake City was healthy— an extremely
healthy city. They declared there was only
one physician In the place .and he was ar
rested every week regularly and held to an
swer under the vagrant act for having "no
visible means of support."
The well-known description of the coyote
In "Roughlns It" is a mixture of exag
geration and of really accurate descrip
tion. Despite its caricature it is one of the
best pictures of this peculiarly American
creature in literature.
Thereis a naivo innocence about his
humor that is peculiarly his own device.
He gives such an air of plausibility to
even his wildest tales that it often takes
a real effort to disbelieve them. The read
er who has followed the author innocent
ly and unsuspectingly suddenly finds him
self brought up with a sudden turn
against a wild absurdity and then realizes
all at once that the author has been skill
fully leading him to this very point. The
surprise and the sudden incongruity cre
ate laughter.
The author relates an experience where
he nearly perished with hunger. He tells
how he was driven to eat his boots, then
comes the sudden remark, "The holes
tasted best."
For years my pet aversion had been the
cuckoo clock; now here I was, at last, right
In the creature's home; so whererer I went
that distressing "hoo-hoo! hoo-hoo! hoo-hoo!"
was always In my ears. For a nervous man
this was a fine state of things. Some sounds
are hatefuller than others, but no sound Is
quite so inane and silly and aggravating as
the "hoo-hoo" of a cuckoo clock. I think. I
bought one and am carrying it home to a.
cert— In person's, for I have always said that
if the opportunity ever happened I would do
that man an ill turn. What I meant was
that I would break one of his legs, or some
thing of that sort; but in Lucerne I Instantly
saw that I could Impair his mind. That would
be more lasting and more satisfactory every
way, so I bought the cuckoo clock; and If I
ever gat home with it "he Is my meat." as
they say in the mines. I thought of another
candidate — a book reviewer. whom I could
name If I wanted to— but after thinking it
over I didn't buy him a clock. I couldn't In
jure his mind.
There Is. too, a peculiar drollery about
his way of expressing himselJ that re
minds us of Artemus Ward:
Take it all around, there Is quite a good
deal of Information in the book. I regret this
very much, but really It could not be helped—
Information appears to stew out of me nat
urally, like the precious ottar of roses out of
th« otter. Sometimes it has seemed to me
that I would give worlds if I 'could retain my
facts: but It cannot be. The more I calk up
the sources and the tighter I get the more I
leak wisdom.
The Mormon bible is chloroform In print.
Of his shrewd common sense and epi
grammatic wls<?.om the extracts from
Pudd'nhead 'Wilson's calendar axe the
best examples. His pathos and his refined
sentiment breathe from every page of
"Joan of Arc" are freely and sprinkled
through all of his later books.
"Mark Twain" Is more than a mere
Jester— he Is a philosopher, a literary
artist, a minute realist, a keen observer
of life, a satirist, a reformer— a humorist
In the highest s»»nse. He "Is universally
recognized as the first of living humor
ists: but lf the fashion of humor changes,
as change it may, he will remain for other
qualities — certain primordial qualities,
such as are expressed in his work on the
Mississippi — a force to be reckoned with
In the literature of this country."
FRED LEWIS PATTEE.
Pennsylvania State College.
California Limited.
Ho extra charge is made for ridlrtg on tha
California Limited of the Santa Fe. although
the superiority ot th« »enrlce Is really worth
something more. *
Liquor Dealers Organize.
A liquor dealers' association which is
to be known as the California Liquor As
sociation No. 1 was yesterday afterrr.on
organized in B'nai B'rith Hall. -on Eddy
street. The officers elected were: Presi
dent, E. L. "Wagner; vice president. Harry
Cousins; secretary, William Clark; treas
urer, Oscar Hocke. and sergeant at arms.
Charles Kaufman. A board of directors
consisting of ona from each Assembly dis
trict will be elected at a meeting which
will be held on the 24th of January. An
effort will be made to extend the organ
ization throughout the State."
Humors of American Literature as Ex
emplified in Artemus Ward and
JYldl i\ 1 VVdlll.
Copyright, 1901, by Seymour Eaton.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
XlliS SAX JfltAiS CISCO GALL, SATURDAY. JANUARY 19, 1901.
XIV.
7
:eame;
me.
steamer. num. dub.
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. 18
Eureka: Humboldt Jan. 19
Matteawan..... Tacoma Jan. 13
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports Jan. 19
Ilyades Seattle Jan. 19
Empire, Coos Bay Jan. 19
Argo Coqullle River Jan. 19
San Pedro Huniboldt. Jan. 19
Coronado Grays Harbor Jan. 20
Columbia Portland • and Astoria.. Jan. 23
Bonita Newport , Jan. 20
Queen San Diego Jan. 30
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 20
South Portland. Portland and Astoria... Jan. 21
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. 21
Pomona... Humboldt ' Jan. 21
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 22
State of Cal.... Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 22
Fulton Grays Harbor, Jan. 23
Corona Newport ' Jan. 23
Jeanie Seattle IJan. 23
St. Paul... Panama [Jan. 23
Santa Rosa San .Diego. .. IJan. 24
W. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor Jan. 24
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 24
China China and Japan Jan. 23
G. \V. Klder Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. 25
Carlisle City China via. San Diego.. Jan. 25
s
Steamer.
Destination.
; Sails.
Pier.
Point Arena.
Californlan..
Santa Rosa...
Umatllla......
Eureka ...
Empire..
Argo
Rainier
Czarina ..
Arcata
Bonita
Mandalay
Ban Pedro
Jannnry 1!),
Point Arena
Honolulu
Jan nary 2O.
San Diego
.lunnnry 1:1.
Victoria & Pgt 3d
Humboldt
Coos Bay ...;
Coquillo River ....
Seattle & N "What.
Seattle & Tacoma.
Jan nary --.
Coos Bay
Newport
Coqullle River
Humboldt
January 'Z'.i.
Astoria & Portland
San Diego
Sydney & 'Way Pts
Humboldt
Grays Harbor .....
January 24.
China and Japan..
Grays Harbor ....
I January 25.
Humboldt ,
2 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 10
9 am Pier 11
| 9 am Pier 11
13 m Pier 13
12 m Pier 13
4 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier i
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
9 am Pier 3
10 am Pier 2
Columbia.....
Queen.
Sonoma.......
Pomona. ......
Coronaiio.....
11 am Pier 24
9 am Pier U
8 pm Pier 1
2 pm Pier t
5 pm Pier 1
Hongk'g Mas
Pulton
1 pm PMSS
6 pm Pier 20
North Fork... I
I 9 am|picr 2
SATURDAY. JANUARY 19.
his rises..
iunseu ;........
loon rises "..'...
..7:23
5:18
«:17 a. m.
- ri . " Time •
P • , Ft.
• L, W
ii~~ 3:54 2.8
H W
» ... 0:04 - 5.0
!l ... ,0:40 6.1
2 ... l:H 5.3
!3 ... 1:43 6.4
!4 ... 2:25 6.5
5 ... 3:05 5.5
Time •
Ft.
H.W
9:56 6.0
L W
4:39 2.S
6:27 2.3
6:18 2.1
7:11 2.2
"8:09 - 1:6
9:10 1.3
Time
L. W
4:52
H W
10:41
11:30
12:21
1:16
2:14
3:20
m
-0.9
6.0
6.0
6.7
5.1
5.0
4.6
Time
Ft.
H W
L*W "*."¦'
6:31 —0.9
6:14— O.«
6:53 —0.3
7:34 0.2
8:19 0.7
9:09 1.3
:eame;
me.
steamer. num. dub.
Mackinaw Seattle Jan. 18
Eureka: Humboldt Jan. 19
Matteawan..... Tacoma Jan. 13
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports Jan. 19
Ilyades Seattle Jan. 19
Empire, Coos Bay Jan. 19
Argo Coqullle River Jan. 19
San Pedro Huniboldt. Jan. 19
Coronado Grays Harbor Jan. 20
Columbia Portland • and Astoria.. Jan. 23
Bonita Newport , Jan. 20
Queen San Diego Jan. 30
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 20
South Portland. Portland and Astoria... Jan. 21
Crescent City.. Crescent City Jan. 21
Pomona... Humboldt ' Jan. 21
North Fork Humboldt Jan. 22
State of Cal.... Victoria & Puget Sound Jan. 22
Fulton Grays Harbor, Jan. 23
Corona Newport ' Jan. 23
Jeanie Seattle IJan. 23
St. Paul... Panama [Jan. 23
Santa Rosa San .Diego. .. IJan. 24
W. H. Kruger.. Grays Harbor Jan. 24
Point Arena.... Point Arena Jan. 24
China China and Japan Jan. 23
G. \V. Klder Portland & Coos Bay.. Jan. 25
Carlisle City China via. San Diego.. Jan. 25
s
Steamer.
Destination.
; Sails.
Pier.
Point Arena.
Californlan..
Santa Rosa...
Umatllla......
Eureka ...
Empire..
Argo
Rainier
Czarina ..
Arcata
Bonita
Mandalay
Ban Pedro
Jannnry 1!),
Point Arena
Honolulu
Jan nary 2O.
San Diego
.lunnnry 1:1.
Victoria & Pgt 3d
Humboldt
Coos Bay ...;
Coquillo River ....
Seattle & N "What.
Seattle & Tacoma.
Jan nary --.
Coos Bay
Newport
Coqullle River
Humboldt
January 'Z'.i.
Astoria & Portland
San Diego
Sydney & 'Way Pts
Humboldt
Grays Harbor .....
January 24.
China and Japan..
Grays Harbor ....
I January 25.
Humboldt ,
2 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 10
9 am Pier 11
| 9 am Pier 11
13 m Pier 13
12 m Pier 13
4 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
10 am Pier i
12 m Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
9 am Pier 3
10 am Pier 2
Columbia.....
Queen.
Sonoma.......
Pomona. ......
Coronaiio.....
11 am Pier 24
9 am Pier U
8 pm Pier 1
2 pm Pier t
5 pm Pier 1
Hongk'g Mas
Pulton
1 pm PMSS
6 pm Pier 20
North Fork... I
I 9 am|picr 2
SATURDAY. JANUARY 19.
his rises..
iunseu ;........
loon rises "..'...
..7:23
5:18
«:17 a. m.
- ri . " Time •
P • , Ft.
• L, W
ii~~ 3:54 2.8
H W
» ... 0:04 - 5.0
!l ... ,0:40 6.1
2 ... l:H 5.3
!3 ... 1:43 6.4
!4 ... 2:25 6.5
5 ... 3:05 5.5
Time •
Ft.
H.W
9:56 6.0
L W
4:39 2.S
6:27 2.3
6:18 2.1
7:11 2.2
"8:09 - 1:6
9:10 1.3
Time
L. W
4:52
H W
10:41
11:30
12:21
1:16
2:14
3:20
m
-0.9
6.0
6.0
6.7
5.1
5.0
4.6
Time
Ft.
H W
L*W "*."¦'
6:31 —0.9
6:14— O.«
6:53 —0.3
7:34 0.2
8:19 0.7
9:09 1.3
¦ A Trearitg out of the nerves; a breaking 'down of the nerve-
Strength; an unrest; a weakness or exhaustion^-if ths» forces or
oi_cs:gy that belong to £h$ nervous system. The weak, tho care-
worn, tho melancholy, those with no appetite for food, or who
have frequent headaches or nervous chills; the low-spirited and
the deprossed are oil the verge. of nervous prostration. ; Men. and
T3t>men who are easily excited, impatient, fidgety and unable to
rest or sleep at ; night, should replenish tho stores of nervous
energy with the greatest of restoratives, Dr. M_lj_s' Nervine.
•"A oold, followed by menstrual derangement and
hemorrhage of the lungs made me weak, run-down, blood-
\l3ss and exhausted. I was so ¦ nervous that I \ could not»
sleep, ray legs were always cold while my^ head -va$ hot -
-_ind aching. I seemed to be always I in such \ a hurry;
longed fpr food hut could not sit long enough to eat. Fail-
ing to get relief from my- family dpctor, I began -.takinjr .
Dr. Miles' Nervine and slept soundly the Urstnlght. Two
bottles cured rael" Mas. I_. __, Yotles, '-Lincoln,^H-V
Renews the wasted nerve-force and repairstho worn-out brain-
cells as nothing: else can, and is the best of all restoratives
for nervous prostration^ ;
Sold by drus-cists on a sruarantee. Pb. Miles Medicaj. Co., Elkhart. IH_L
mSg£gj$&£gj^;:\ ¦ ' ¦¦'¦ " ' ( ¦¦'¦ •"¦' < --" r "¦¦¦-•^_BS8^^^>' ; v. V :. .-¦.¦.
For. a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulaine Tableti. * .
¦_ -- * -
AMTJSEMEirrS.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY.
FLORENCB ROBERTS
In THE ADVEXTURES OF
NELL GWYNNE
Next Week— The Pretty Comedy,
SWEET LAVENDER.
SEATS NOW READY.
Prices lie, _jc, S5c. 50c.
LAST NIGHTS ! LAST NIGHTS !
EVENINGS at S. MATINEE SATURDAY at 1
MONDAT NEXT— Perfect Production of
"THE FENCING MASTER."
POPULAR PRICES 25 and 50 c*aU.
Telerhcne— Bush 9.
yj S__ U _ to _ £3 _ H LEADI'.G THEATRE
mjCVTIINFSE TO-DAY
All AS BIG A DRAWING CARD
/AL ' 1 - AS EVER.
THIS "WAY
DOWN
WEEK. EAST."
EXTRA— TO-DAT, AT 2:30 P. M..
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. 'S HALL,
Concert by the Superb Prima Donna Soprano,
JUDLLL DOLORES ( T A R n^" E e L " c ,.)
AH Eii.i.chous* Prop, and _l_r._£-r
Phcne Snuth 770.
LAST TIMES.
MATINEE TO-DAY,
TO-NIGHT.
Wra. A. fJrady and Joseph Grismer'g Produc-
tion, the New Tork Manhattan Theater
Screaming Cometfy Suct-ss,
A STRANGfcR?
STRANGE LAND
Tou will laurb until you cry.
FVE 20c, 2- r .c. f)Oc and 75c
MAT Uc. I?.c. r.c an<5 r,Oc
To-morrow. "Sunday" Afternoon, the Musical
r_rce-Come<3y. "THE STAR BOARDER."
GRAND'' OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
Hecry Arthur Jones" Famous Play.
TT_-II__.
ROGUE'S COMEDY.
A Performance that Appeals to the Refined and
Intelligent.
Mcndaj— "THE MOTH AND THE FLAME."
PIUCES— 10c. 15c, 25c, £0c.
A Kew Front Rows Jn Orchestra. 75 Cents.
Good Iieferved S«_ts In Orchestra at All Mat-
inees, 25 Cents.
Br_nch Ticket Office, Emporium.
Coming — Bernhardt and CoqueKn.
BELaSCO Ama THALE$jfeg(Wb
'^ UttSTt CITY A4U
Phnr.e fou'li i.23.
NOW THOROUGHLT HEATED WITH STEAM
1IATIN-EE TO-DAT and TO-MORROW (Sun-
day) — 10c. lDc. 25c.
TO-NIGHT and SUNDAY EVENING— Last
Performance*.
The rnewt brilliant play of the century.
Tie TWO ORPHANS
Macn'.floent Scenery. Gorgeous Coetumea. etc
I_aL£t Appearances Prof. Grabber's Banjo. _lan-
dolin and Guitar Club (100 members).
pnifCC Kseninps— 10c. loc. Sic, Sic. SOc.
rlUvCO Matinee— 10c. 15c 25c.
NEXT WKEK— The Hit: Melodramatic Suc-
cess. '"DARKEST RUSSIA."
THE PRISON J; THE POPE.
LECTURE BY
REV. PETER C.YORKE
For tte Benefit of BT. JOHN'S PARISH.
(Rev. Father Brady. Rector.)
Thursday Evening, F !f- 1901,
At S o'clock.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Fifth end Jessie Streets.
TICKETS GOo
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1300— WINTER MEETING— 1301.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. £1 TO JAN*. 19, INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day. I-'riday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more ra,ce« e_ch day.
Races start at 2:15 D. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat» leave San Francisco al 12 m, and
12:30. l. J:SO, 2, _:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains sloppin? at the entrance to the
track. I_act two car- on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
fprry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Aiameda mole con-
r.rxrt with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Ltroadway. Oakland. There electric cars
So direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains Jeavc the track at «:15 and
4 4". p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS II. WILLIAMS JR., President.
E. B. iULROT, Secretary.; ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
absolute^curityT
Geauins GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of s^~?^^
Tory _-n_H mmM. •_» easy
to tcJ-e as mga__.
SEE I f» A D-TTD'o I F0H HEADACHE. SFE
* EE CARTERS for DizziHEss. * LL
CCVniWD iplTTLE FOR BIUOUSKESS. rcMmyD
6ENDINE lll\/Fb FOR TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
0 PI I LS F0R COHSTIPATIOB.
WRAPPFB H E* * FOR SALLOW SKIM. WPAPPFl.
UKAiTtK jg^jf I FOR THE COMPLEX! OK " KA1 I'M
u x 3 3=^I2STT___I_> OIT REID _?_AJP____R^ .
AMUSEMENTS. ./-;
MATINEE TO-DAY. AND TO-NIGHT.
•*f\ BREEZY TIA\E.»
Beginning MONDAY NIGHT, Jan. 21,
MRS. FISKE
In the Play in Four Acts,
"BECKY SH/\RF»."
Curtain at 8 sharp. Carriages at 11 p. m.
PRICES— $2, $1 £0. $1, 75c, 50c
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, JAN. 19.
Parquet, 23c. any seat; Balcony. 10c; chil-
dren, 10c, any part except reserved.
THE OUPHEUU'S BIGGEST SHOW YET.
SAM LOCKHART'S
BABY PLEPHANTS!
KCGEXE O'ROURKE AND COMPANY.
Ellly Link, the Five Olracs. J. F. Crosby Jr.,
Inez,Fcrman and Company, the Willy
Collinis. Joe Eantley, BeUina Gerard.
- THE GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
CHUTES^™ ZOO
SPECIAL—THIS AFTERNOON.
JUVENILE
PERFORMERS'
MATIN cE.
TO-NIGHT!
Big Cakewalk !
Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
FISCHER'S concert house.
UOtnLn ° Admission 10c.
Oro Bernard and Oro: Marie D. Woods, Sid
Baxter. Mile. Atlantis. Rousell Brothers. J. T.
Powers, Edythe Lesly and Others.
Reserved Seats 25c. Matinee Sunday.
<2£P^n\ ONE plfDCC
r^^m^ bottle bUnto
• MCBURNEY'S
SM lX1Une J CURE
V"\ -?v A thorough cure for
n\ I C Pain- in the back,
V»- X. BRIGHT'S DISEASE,
24 r I' female troubles, incon-
tiuence of urine, brick dn_t deposits, bed-
•v-ttiiig of children, gravel, pall -tones,
jropsy. diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOH SALE AT
I THE OWL DRUG CO.. 1128 Market «t.
AND AT
DAHLBENDER DRUG CO.. 214 Kearny St..
Send 25c In 2c stamps to W. F. McBurney.
41S S. Spring St., Los Angeles, Cal.. for 5
davy' treatment. Prepaid $1 50. Druggl*t«.
EVERY WOMAN
__^-~~ >s interested and should know
_e*{^»js^v about the wonderful
4i^iR^KS\ BfARUEl whirling
w^w'wX HlflnVtl. spray
Av|V) St* VtSTiltl The new Vaginal Syringe.
L 'f.'Vvs \\\ * rS_" M&l Injection and Suction.
\\-'*^S>$ ' e?^*^f Best— Safest— Most <; O n-
vv-7*^^'G«^^i>w venient. It Cleanse:
Xi^g^^^^^^ Instantly.
Af k yoar dragglst for It. \, . y^rvwrrr^^^^""
If hff rmnnot Mipply the N_«?^f "'"/'Xv&S
9IARVi:Ki, accept na \._ '•£_ -^TV
Mijcr. but «end stamp for Illw- V-,' f ". '¦'. -.-/-.VS/
tr*t-<1i>ook-.e«led. lteivesfill \/ ; , B '''jl
tartkulan »nd dirr> ticru invaluable W / fm
tnLdie- M.lltrEL TO..
Room 2O3* '"'*""¦ Bdj., .\f«'Torh <^x^uijj^
DAI A HC These hotels pos-
1 ALAut sess the attributes
, that tourists and
OP ft travelers appreciate
•*HU —central location,
RD A MR Iibcral managc-
UliniiU ment, modern ap-
|jr|T|"| rt pointments a n «i
ilU I LLUI P erfcct cuisine.
' American and Eu-
Sail Fr_nCISCO. ropean plans.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
Fop the Cups ot Gonorrhoea, Gleets,
Strictures and analogous complaints
ot the Ortam of Generation.
Price SI - bottle. For sale by druKKl-ta.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
JC U'H SflV * C(\ *°° Batterr Street.
• U nlLOUil O. MJ-, Telephone Main ISM.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I AC RftVPC £T(1 Shipping Butchers. 10*
J A3- Dill Cit (X l/il- Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
"oils!
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELLIS,
41N Front at.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTINQ.
Lf JilT.HPC PRINTER,
V* HIUII-O' en Sanrorae St.. 8. P.
PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO..
a First at., San Francisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tg 'c^ hlc PARTRIDGE :a * gff3. riiu
WfllTO-iSH STEAM C0__L SSPSLSF
DIAMOND COAL MIKING CO., at Its GREEN
RIVEtt COLLIERIES, it the Beat ' Coal . In tht 1
xsarket. OEice and Vurda-450 Main atrett. 'Boarding House Keeper in Troubled
Warren P. Hermann, a sailor boarding- I
house keeper, was arrested yesterday. aft:
ernoon by Deputy United States Marshal
Buraham on a charge of having seized
and -held a sailor's, kit for a board bill ;
He was released on a bond. 'l
For quality, variety and price see our
trunks, valises, traveling: baps, dress suit
cases, belts, pocketbooks. purses, bill
books and letter cases. Your name In gold
letters free of charge. ¦ Sanborn. Vail &
Co.. 741 Market street.: . ...»
Trunks and Valises.
The central council of the Associated
Charities met In executive session yester
day afternoon and elected the following
officers: Oliver Eldridge, president: J M
Burnett, first vice president; Osgood Put"
nam, second vice president; S. W Lew
treasurer, and Miss-Virginia Fitch! secre
tary.
Associated Charities Elect Officers.
President Jordan was at his office earlv
this morning, evidently in the best of
health and spirits.; He feels that his
statement made last night covers all that
W jKf- t0 *Jf Ba i d ?? the sub Ject, so would
add nothing further to-day.
We sincerely deplore the forces which have
resulted In your resignation, and we further
take this opportunity of expressing to you our
admiration for the dignified attitude which you
and those of the faculty who resigned -with
you have maintained throughout the present
crisis.
To Dr. George E. Howard: We. the under
signed students of Stanford University unaual
lfledly indorse the position you have main
tained with regard to the questions of deep im
portance which havp recently arisen in the uni
versity.
We cannot, however, express our rerret at
losing you from our faculty. Tour Influence
has been felt not only by those of us who have
known you personally, but it has permeated the
whole being of the university. Upon the stu
dents the effect of contact with you has been
that of the Ideal teacher. The place you have
occupied in the life of the university cannot
be refilled.
The second resolution is for those who
believe that the first one is not strong
enough and who wish to go upon record
as sympathizing with Dr. Howard It is
as follows:
To Dr. George Elliott Howard: Fearing- the
action of the Associated Students in affirming
their faith In President Jordan may be misun
derstood by you, we, as of those who supported
¦uch action, wish to offer you an explanation.
You will readily realize that we have been
confronted by an extremely delicate situation
On the one hand we have had to consider our
duty to the university,. and on the other the
rlghti, convictions and unquestioned sincerity
of those membera of the faculty most con
cerned, and the debt we owe them for what
they have Riven us of themselves during. our
association with them. In reaching our final
decision simply to declare the confidence we
feel In Dr. Jordan, it has seemed best to us
to leave out of consideration altogether the
merits of the controversies which have arisen
We have followed what has appeared the only
course fairly open t« us as students and bene
ficiaries. «
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 1S.-
After the rousing student body meeting
sustaining Dr. Jordan and the magnificent
reception given him last night on his re
turn affairs at the university have once
more resumed their normal condition
The great majority of the students feel
that their action of yesterday "closes the
incident," so far as the students are con
cerned. However, several resolutions are
being circulated by those who feel that
the action yesterday failed to take Into
account the feelings of Dr. Howard and
desire to assure him of their good will
There are two l set3 of resolutions being
circulated, but the second one is in the
hands of the men who sympathize most
strongly with Dr. Howard and wish to
go on record as favoring him. The fol
lowing of the latter class Is especially
small, as the general sentiment among the
students is to let the matter rest where
yesterday's resolution left it. They argue
that anything in the way of resolutions
circulated among the students is In u
manner public agitation, which the stu
dents should be the last to foster. The
first of the resolutions now being circu
lated is as follows:
Special Dispatch to The Call
Two Resolutions Being Cir
culated Among Stan
ford Students.
EXPRESS ESTEEM
FOR DR. HOWARD
As for the Pacific Charter Company
carrying out its plans," Mr. Bennett con
tinued I can say nothing. Everything
Is In the air at present, and we are sim
ply waiting developments. Our company
may be succesful and it may not be "
Arthur B. Tarpey. another of the incor
porators. declined to say anything in con
nection with the corporation or Its plans
He contented .himself with the promise
that out of the first bunch of coolies
brought from China he will save a Chi
nese cook for The Call. His father. M. F
Tarpey, could not be seen.
It would take a hundred years," said
Mr. Bennett yesterday, "to import that
many Chinese, and, besides, we are not
interested in that matter anyway. While
the Mexican Government has placed the
Chinese upon as favorable a footing as
any other nation, our company is con
cerned In something else. We did expect
to bring over a few Chinese, but not near
the number published in The Call.
"Far down on the south coast, near the
Isthmus of Tehauntepec, are admirable
fishing grounds, and a healthy climate fa
vorable to Chinese, But our main purpose
Is to engage in transportation from Eu
rope to the Mexican coast, across the
Isthmus of Tehauntepec and from there
to Asia. Traffic would come both ways
and would be very profitable, particu
larly before the construction .of the
Mcarague canal. The Isthmus of Tehaun
tepec Is only 240 miles, and a railroad la
now being built there. As for our offers
to local Chinese, we only wanted to let
them In on a good thing/' And Mr. Ben
nett smiled so blandly that there was
not the slightest doubt that he meant
what he said.
You should appoint a committee to or
ganize a company at once, for we must
make haste and not allow such a valuable
matter to remain standing.
"It Is not necessary that the persona
who become the incorporators should re
main the permanent officers of the com
pany but when you have a stockholders'
meeting you can elect what officers you
desire and the incorporators will only
serve the purpose of Incorporating. You
should become Incorporated at once. Then
the stock con be subscribed and after
subscriptions of stock are made a stock
holders meeting can be called and per
manent officers efected."
Company Gives Away Good Things.
These are the plans of the Pa'ciflc Char
ter Company as far as they relate to the
Chinese merchants and fishing bosses of
San Francisco. But John E. Bennett,
one of the leading promoters of the cor
poration and the friend of Ho Yow, says
that the Pacific Charter Company is con
cerned primarily neither with the Chinese
merchants of San Francisco nor the im
portation of one million coolies into Mex
ico.
cession you are getting for nothing, be
cause the $25,000 which you will pay for
5000 shares of the Pacific Charter Com
pany's stock Is only about one-fifth of
what the stock will be worth within the
next two years.
"It is plain to see that this project
means a fortune for every one connected
t}} 1 lt- lt is safe to SHy that your stock
will become worth manv times its face
value for the earnings will be very large.
;t js the best opportunity ever offered the
Chinese people on the American conti
nent.
The Coroner's office was not long In de
c?<1;ng that the daughter should be al
lowed to have her wish, notwithstanding
that the hrothcr claimed priority because
he wa? oMrr.
"I am too proud." she said, "to consent
to having my poor father buried by char
ity fo long hp I have the means to defray
th» funeral expenses."
Tears stood in Miss Kahn'* eyes as she
asked the Coroner's deputies to allow her
to take her father's remains away with
her.
IFis eon Henry and his daughter Louise
eppeared at the Coroner's office yester
day, both claiming the body for inter
ment. Ijouise faid that ehe had made ar
rar.pcmpnts with Porter & White to give
her father a decent burial, but that her
brother Her.rv had gone to the firm of
Cahn. Nickel^berg & Co.. where her
father had been employed, to collect
money with which to pay the burial ex
jer.«ps rnd had engaged Valente & Ma
rini as the undertakers. She had pleaded
¦with h«r brother, ehe raid, not to allow
th^ir father to b* buried by charity, and
phe had made all arrangements to have
him buried otherwise. Her brother in-
FiMed that his programme should be car
ried out and tried to impress upon her
mind the fact that he was older than
the. and that his wishes in the matter
should have preference.
The melancholy spectacle of a brother
end s'.ster engaged in controversy as to
the disposition of their dead father's body
¦was witrseFsed in the Coroner's office yes
terday afternoon. The dead man was
Henry Kahn. who died suddenly of apo
plexy last Thursday and whose body wad
tskf-n to the Morgue. "
Brother and Sister Differ
Over Remains of Late
Henry Kahn.
PLEAD FOR BODY
OF THEIR FATHER
In the second place, the man who caused
the circular to be translated into Chinese
and prepared for distribution among Chi
r.f** merchants Is John E. Bennett, the
personal attorney of Ho Yow. Chinese
Consul General at this port. Ho Yow has
jriven us frequent and highly commenda
ble Indications that he is a pretty good
promoter himself, but every one con
cerned in this affair declares positively
that Ho Tow is not in the slightest de
tree interested or concerned.
It is i-asy to understand, therefore, that
a circular such as the Pacific Charter
Company has had translated into Chinese
would naturally appeal to Chinese mer
chants and might induce them to take
Ftock in the enterprise. It is significant
of course that the Pacific Charter Com
pany has made so determined an effort to
induce local Chinese to buy stock in the
corporation with the promise that it pre
cents the greatest opportunity on the
American continent f^r Chinese to become
rich. It Is interesting to see with what
FfMiritude the promoters of the Pacific
Charter Company seek to secure riches
for local Chinese mercnams.
Ho Yow and Chinese Merchants.
'i i.rre are several phases of this circu
lar and several incidents in connection
¦vriih its preparation which are of more
than passing Interest. In the first place,
local Chinese merchants have always
prove i tliTnpelves to be very quick to
accept an opportunity to make easy
mnney. They are not altogether scrupu
lous in regard to the manner in which
th«=y malie it and they are notorious
Fmupplers. So oagfr are they to make
m^ney that on many occasions they have
h*en hoodwinked by schemers more clever
tV.an themselves.
The promoters of the enterprise admit
that they have done nothing as yet to
ward its practical realization. No steam-
Fh'.p s have been ordered, much less built
or hired. The Pacific Charter Company
has no warehouses, canneries or freight
dppotP in Mexico and the prospective 1,
«K».(*» coolies are Mill safe on the Asiatic
shore. The only definite thing which has
born done is to print the remarkable Chi
nese circular, with iti glowing pictures of
rnormoue. quickly won wealth, for dis
tribution among the local Chinese mer
chants.
Business men. politicians, speculators
and promoters generally grinned knowing
ly yesterday when they read of the gor
geously painted, ambitious scheme of M.
F. Tarpey. John E. Bennett and a few of
their friends to build steamships, erect
tanneries. establish warehouses , and
transplant 1.000,000 coolies to the western
shore of Mexico. The incorporation of
the Pacific Charter Company with its pa
per capitalization of $12,500,000. an account
of which was published exclusively yes
terday in The Call, was the first public
knowledge of the affair.
Private McDonald, clerk of Company A
Eighteenth Infantry, has disappeared
with $220 Intrusted to his care by dis
charged soldiers. The police have been
notU.ed.
On«- hundred and thirty-five men are tr»
b« turned over to the newly organ zed
provisional battalion from the casual
camp.
Scigeant Henderson's duties have been
of cuch a nature that all the provisions
used in the casual camp passed through
his hands. The custom in the care of
any surplus has been to return the pro
visions to the grocers, crediting the
amount realized by such return to the va
rious company funds. This, it Is claimed,
Henderson has not done, but has appro
rriateo the money to his personal use.
Lieutenant Winans, lately assigned to
coiMiiand of a company of casuals, de
tected a teamster leaving the camp with
a icaJ of canned goods Tuesday night
afttr retreat. He ordered the goods re
turned and summoned Sergeant Hender
son. As a result of the conference the
commissary was ordered confined to hu
tent. Some time during the night he left
h!a quarters and has not been seen since.
Henderson has held the position of act
lug commissary sergeant for almost two
yeaib and has made for himself during
that time an enviable reputation aj a good
Eoldiet and competent clerk. He is con
nected with several well-known families
In this city and has a host of friends in
civil life. To what amount Henderson is
ir.d«bted to the different funds is not
known. His books show no traces of any
crooked transactions. If the assertions
ma&c by his officers are true, a sentence
of ten years' confinement awaits him in
case of his capture.
Captain John H. Peshine has relieved
Ce plain Hardin of the command of the
First Provisional Battalion.
Fourteen bodies were buried yesterday
In the National Cemetery. There are still
remaining in the Presidio Morgue nnra
thai 500 bodies, awaiting interment or
shipment to relatives.
Acting Commissary Sergeant Egbert
French Henderson, one of the most pop
ular non-commissioned officers at the Pre
fcldio. has disappeared, and his description
has been sent to the police of the bay
cr unties for the purpose of causing his
arrest-
Bailey was approached by a comrade
early yesterday morning and asked to
care for a revolver which was handed to
him, together with a handful of cart
ridges. Bailey took the gun and ammuni
tion. Informing the owner that he wouia
store it in his grip. Instead of doing so,
he walked to one side, inserted a cart
ridge and turning the pistol on himself
puijed the trigger. The bullet entered
about an Inch and a half below the heart
and will probably prove fataJ. He now
occupies a cot in the Post Hospital.
Bailey arrived at the Presidio on Janu
ary 16. with a number of other recruits,
from Indianapolis, where he enlisted Jan
uary 4. His comrades say that he evi
dently missed the comforts of home life,
us since his arrival at the casual camp
he appeared morose and discontented. His
descriptive list shows that his occupation
before entering the army was that of
cierk; that he was in perfect health, and
was known to possess a good character.
TU« name of his nearest relative was
given as Mrs. Mary Bailey, living in In
dianapolis.
Clarence \v\ Bailey, a young recruit,
made a determined and probably success
ful attempt to end his life at the Pre
sidio yesterday by shooting himself
through the body •with a revolver. Bailey
Is a "rookie" of less than a month's mili
tary experience, but that brief period In
the ranks was evidently sufficient to dis
gust him with the "trade" of soldiering
and with continued existence on this
earth.
Clarence W. Bailey Attempts
to Commit Suicide at
the Presidio.
YOUNG SOLDIER
SHOOTS HIMSELF
"This concession which the Pacific Char
ter Company gives >ou will when all
things %re completed and ready for run
ning, be" worth $1,000,000. Ti.is great con-
A Million for Chinese Subscribers.
"The holder of each six shares of
your stock will then have J175 worth of
stock, for which he Till have paid $3).
Of this stock, which he will have, six
shares will be your company's stock and
one share will be Pacific Charter Com
pany stock. He will also be entitled to
employment in your company, for thero
will be a large number of employes need
ed in your business. The jobs should 08
given to members of the company. The
man who subscribes for the largest num
ber of shares should receive the best po
eltlon with the largest salary and bo on
down to the small shareholders.
"When the steamships are ready to start
running you will proceed to levy an as
sessment upon the 30,000 shares of your
stock of $4 per share. The 10,000 shares
given to the Pacific Charter Company la
not to be assessed. This $4 per share as
sessment will bring you, with the $5000 you
have. $125,000. That will be ample money
tor you to start business with.
"The first year one steamship will be
put on, and after that new steamships will
be put on as rapidly as the business in
creases to call for them.
"Five dollars out of every six of this
money la to be paid to the Pacific Charter
Company, and for this sum the Pacific
Charter Company will Issue to the sub
scriber of every six shares of your stock
one share of its stock until 5000 shares of
the Pacific Charter Company stock is sub
scribed. When the full 30,000 shares of
your stock is subscribed the Pacific Char-«
ter Ccmpany will have 25.000 and your
company will have 5000. In this condition,
the matter ¦will remain until Messrs. Tar
pey and Bennett go to Mexico, finish clos
ing up the matter there and attend to get
ting the steamships ready and start them
running.
Organizing; & Chinese Feeder.
"In order to put these propositions into
operation we propose as follows:
"That you select a committee from
among yourselves, who will organize a
companv for you; that this company will
have a stock of $1,000,000, divided into
40,000 shares, at $25 per share; that of this
stock 10,000 shares will be given to the
Pacific Charter Company. The 30,000
shares remaining to the company shall be
cold as follows: One dollar cash on each
share taken.
That part of the Chinese circular which
deals with these affairs is given in full
translation as follows:
The circular printed In Chinese and ad
dressed to the Chinese merchants and
fishing bosses of San Francisco Is one of
the most highly entertaining documents
which has appeared recently In this city.
In exchange for the advantages which the
Pacific Charter Company promises to give
to the merchants certain Important de
mands are made, such as the organization
of a Chinese corporation with a capital
Ftcck of one million dollars and the sub
scription of great blocks of stock in the
Pacific Charter Company. This Chinese
corporation is to be simply a tail to the
Pacific Charter Company and its merchant
members are to become high salaried of
ficers.
Promoters of Coolie Importation Seheme Also, Plan Mam
moth Mongolian Feeder Corporation in San Franeiseo.
John E. Bennett, the Friend of Ho Yow, Explains.
PACIFIC CHARTER COMPANY
OFFERS CHINESE MERCHANTS
MUCH, EASILY WON WEALTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 19, 1901.
8
For a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets.
• MISCELLANEOUS. x . >]}
S3 mjSS — ~ 0^^"^ ShSR tt im
¦r* u jffiffBsi " 1 1 1 ¦ ' J*j3n5l
I V1BJT OR- JORDAN'S 3REAT*
museum of ANAToanrr
1 1 : La ioaMAaaisj.w.fti*?tt.s.if.ca.i
¦"'".'."¦ of The Largest AnuomiaU Museum in ib« \
( ' ' ipgW World. Wttta«s« or any contracted 4
rt» «S*H« diiene pctlil'rlymrsuhy the oldest V
$ fiUfft OR. JOROAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
A Fvtt*i?B _t-os<u1tation fte« and strirtly private. \
9 M NF^JL B X!* l!lnem personally or by letter. A at
\ ¦ W fl 9 *••••••• Curt in nsry case undertaken. • . \ ¦¦
sVrU llv w 'itefor Book. FHlI.OaOrQl .t k '
T S !• 31AHBIAGB. MAILED PRHB. f A ¥
0 : ** «' nlu abl« book for nii-n) . \
yDajOBDAX*€e, 1051 Marlcet Mt.,a F. f
o yt> -^^ ,^^ y*^-^ "^ ¦^^fc
O ¦ FT n fill I I Corner Fourth and
Vdllses checked fre«
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
\ Steamers leave Broadway
t^, . wharf, San Francisco:
!>]¦>,¦-„ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
tSfflSO^. Jan. 21. 2fi. 31, Feb. 5. Change
KK£*?w»Mh ) to company's steamers at Se-
ISv&^Jwi For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
MdfMmB! C) > Port Townsend. Seattle.
* Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes.
and New AVhatcom (Wash.)—
: . 11 a. m., Jan. 21. 26. 31, Feb.
5, and every fifth day thereafter. Change at
Seattle for this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.; Jan 18,
23, 28. Feb. 2. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
gfles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a.m.;
Hteamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. -
For Santa Cru2, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport
Steamer Corona, ¦ F-Mays, 9 a, m. ; steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays, 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, Ban Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month
For further information obtain company's
folders. •
The company reserves the right to change
steamers. ¦ sailing dates and hours of Railing
without previous notice.- ~
-TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). omgomery
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts .
10 Market" st.. San Francisco.
PANAMA R.R,S r
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Special Reduced Cabin Fane, $75.
•S.S. ST. PAUL sails January 29.
-S;^S. ROANOKE sails FeVuar* 19;
From wharf. * foot of Fremont St., at 7 p m
; Freight and passenger, office ¦ 339 Market st
F.iF. CONNOR, Pacific Coaat Agent.'
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW T0BK, eOCTHAMPTON. LCHDOIf, PABI1
Stopping: at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. ra.
Vaderland Jan. 301 St. Louis -...Feb SO
New York Feb. 6 New Yqrk Feb. Zt
Kensington ....Feb. 131 Vaderland ....March «
RED STAR LINK. ••
N«w YorVc and Antwor*.
From New York Every Wednesday, U noon.
Westernland ...Feb. g Frlesland .... Feb *7
Kensington Feb. 13 Southwark .... March %
Noordland .. Feb. 20 Westemland. .March 13
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CAMPANY
CHAS. »J>. TAYLOR,
General Agent PaclHc Coast,
SO Montgomery street.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
S TEA1 ' ERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
*-* ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 o m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callln* at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki - and Shanghai and
connective at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc' No cargo received , on board on day
of salllnj. Ottftm *
SS. HONGKONO MARU
Thursday. January 24"l3O
SS. NIPPON MARU
." February 19*19iyi
SS. AMERICA MARU ?^...;:.
....» ...Friday. March IS lM]
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. ' For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 • Market street, corner First. *
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
C0MPAONIE GENERALS TBAN3ATLANTIQ0E
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS ._ *
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of <p£w9ti
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. • ;5 W*35
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
ta Havre. $55 and upward. Second class tn
Havre. J45 and upward.- GENERAL AGFvrv
iFOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA s»
Broadway (Hudson building), New York.' J
F..FUGA2I & CO.. .Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue. San . Francisco. Tickets
sold, by all Railroad. Ticket Agents. Alc * e *»
OCEAN TRAVEL.
oceanics.s.eo. s&aSs
; OIRECTUSEtoTahiTJ-
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. \»
Zealand and Australia......?..?.?!;..:.
Wednesday. January S3 at 9 o" m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only).... *.....
Saturday. February i'j'n* m
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti .„.„.;.. P " "•
Frtday. February », Vo." m.
j. I.VHECIEU & .m. CO., Bineral * jenb, 327 Hartet St
Sea I Paaengif Olfa, 643 Krht St., hit la. 7. P2cfc St
THE 0. R. & R. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
I 3 O:R. f X 1 I_.A2NT:D
• From SD«ar-stre«t Wbar£ at 11 a. a
PARC $»2 First Class Includrng Berth
I «ni_ $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Sall» Jaa. 13. 23. Fob. J
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Jan. 13. »
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and . all polaU In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all point* East.
E. C. ¦WARD, General A cent.
830 Market at.
BAY AND BIVJEB STEAMERS.
~1ob1 s. nayy yard and yallejo.
?»er ••'•«-ticeM'» ••
MON.. Tn«».. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thur* night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and S:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. *. Telephono Main 1508.
FARE SOc
WEEEY CALL
81 pep Year.
SPECIAL SALE
FOR
SATURDAY, MONDAY and TUESDAY
ONLY!
BEST CREAMKRT BUTTER, per aqu&re 3Re
Regular 4jc. Try Our Butter. It U D^McItub.
6 :t>« rick 23c
PEST EAFTERN HAMS. p«r lb X'2e
CHOICE MARIX COUNTY BUTTER,
jut square 3Oc
Hf-eular *hc.
FANCY PETALUMA RANCH EGGS.
r*T down 25c
Guarantepd to be fresh.
S c«n» HEST Sl'OAR CORN 25c
Very Choics EAXTA CLARA PRUNES.
12 lbs for "ZT.f
R**t Larre FRENCH PRINES. « lbn for 25o
CHOICE TABLE PEACHES, PEARS or
APRICOTS, per c*a lOo
Rppular lie per c»n.
30 lbs GOOD KOLLED OATS 25c
Mb can ROYAL BAKING POWDER 4<>c
I>fular 45c.
Hen JAVA and MOCHA COFFEE, per lb 25c
Regular 85c Try It. It J» unexcelled.
Any Rrand of TEA you vlih, per lb.. 4Oc
Rejrular ©c.
Bert Old BOTOBON WHISKEY, per gal. 12.50
Rerular COO per rallon.
BE5T OLD PORT or SHERRT WINE,
per rallon T5o
Regular fl-00 per rallon. This wine Is 7
jearf old.
KEPT PORT or BHERRY, per bottle.... 25c
R»rul»r 4<v\
BEET IMPORTED ZINFAJCDEL WIXE.
per rallon 35 C
Noted for Its rlchnesi and purity.
REMEMBER THE STORES
122 and 124 NINTH ST.,
And 226 SIXTH ST.
Only a truly great and effective remedy
could continue, aa Paine's celery com-
pound has done, to hold Its unrivaled
place in the estimation of the ablest phy-
sicians and of the thousands of busy men
and women whose only means of Judging
Is from the actual results In their own
home or among their friends. No remedy
was ever so highly recommended, because
none ever accomplished so much.
It makes people well. It Is the one true
specific recognized and" prescribed to-day
by eminent practitioners for diseases aris-
ing from a debilitated nervous system.
Professor Phelps gave to his profession a
positive cure for sleeplessness, wasting
strength, dyspepsia, biliousness, liver
complaint, neuralgia, rheumatism, all
nervous diseases and kidney troubles. For
all such complaints Paine's celery com-
pound has succeeded again and again
where- everything else has failed.
It Is as harmless as lt Is good, and it
was the universal advice of the medical
profession that the compound be placed
where the general public could secure it.
and thousands of people have year after
year proven the wisdom of this good ad-
vice. '
responding gain In weight and srood, spirits
follow the use of Paine's celery compound.
Paine's celery compound is the most re-
markable medical achievement of the last
fifty years.
His unusual talent soon brought him
reputation and prominence. First he was
elected to the professorship of anatomy
and surgery In the Vermont University.
Next he was appointed lecturer on ma-
teria medlca and medical botany In Dart-
mouth College. The next year he was
choeen professor of the chair then va-
cated by Professor Robby, and occupied
the chair, the most important one In the
country, at the time when he first formu-
lated his most remarkable prescription.
To-day Paine's celery compound stands
without an equal for feeding exhausted
nerves and building up the strength of
the body. It cures radically and perma-
nently. The nervous prostration and gen-
eral debility from which thousands of wo-
men suffer so long that It finally gets to
be a second nature with them— all this
suffering and despondency can be very
soon removed by properly feeding the-
nerves and replacing the unhealthy blood
by a fresher, more highly vitalized fluid.
A healthy Increase in appetite and a cor-
Professor Phelps was born in Connecti-
cut, and graduated from the military
school at Norwich, Vt. He studied medi-
cine with Professor Nathan Smith of New
Haven. Conn., and graduated in medicine
at Yale.
The story of the lifework of this great
physician has been often told, and is fa-
miliar to most readers.
The aged and infirm found in it new and
lasting strength. Thousands of women
and men, tired out, run down, despondent.
When a great public demand arose for
this remedy from one end of the country
to another, at once, as in every such case, a
lot ot cheap fellows began to try to Impose
upon people one and another trade medi-
cine, sometimes harmful, always worth-
less, claiming for them the unexampled
properties of Paine's celery compound.
Naturally, none of them ever succeeded.
None of them ever will.
Paine's celery compound made people
well !
No sooner was it announced that a posi-
tive cure for nervous ailments, an unfail-
ing blood purifier, had been discovered by
Professor Phelps of Dartmouth, and phy-
slcians everywhere welcomed Paine's cel-
ery compound as the most-to-be-desired
discovery of a time when modern ways
of working and living had begun to mul-
tiply diseases that arise from Impaired
nerves and impure blood-
When the greatest of modern physicians,
after years of practice and close, scientific
study, gave to the science of medicine the
most wonderful remedy of the present
day, a. host of imitators sprung up.
And the foolish fellows with their silly
nostrums, starting up here' and there ev-
ery year, discovered as often as. they tried
it that, when a person's health is at stake,
he or she will not be imposed upon.
Paine's celery compound was In greater
demand last year than the year before;
the demand this spring is greater than
for all the so-called spring remedies com-
bined. People Insist upon having the ona
remedy that does them good, makes them
strong, repairs their shattered strength.
They call for Paine's celery compound!
From thousands of grateful persons un-
solicited testimonials • began to pour in
from those whom Paine's celery com-
pound had benefited. The wealthy and
the poor, the famous and the compara-
tively unknown, sent to the proprietors
of the remedy, to the newspapers, to their
physicians, to their friends, the glad news
that here at last they had found a remedy
that made them themselves again!
sick, suffering with insomnia, rheuma-
tism, diseases of the kidneys, regained
their health, and strength, and buoyancy
by the well-ad visea use of Paine's celery
compound. As a great leader and writer
In Boston publicly declared one day,
Paine's celery compound had proven itself
to be as much better than all the ordi-
nary ' nervines, sarsaparillaa and trade
preparations as the diamond is brighter
than ordinary glass.
PAINE'S CELEBY COMPOUND. ,,- LJ^ J^ J . LjO , '-"'
nroT im nil tuc iiifioi in I
Paine's Celery Compound the Product of Brains and
Medical Experience.
. ¦
After Years of Study and Application, This Greatest of All Remedies
Was Given to Mankind by the Ablest of Modern Physicians—
The Host of Worthless Imitators That Followed It.Srr.ator Wolfe ha? introduced a bill at
Farramrnto known as Senate bill No. 137
in »rteclare corporations, companies, asso
r'-.-tionf and individuals selling or plac-
Ing debentures, bonds or certificates of
Itn ectment in the State of California to
be investment companies, and placing
Each corporations, companies, associations
and individuals under th» pupervision of
I State Bank Oommippionc rs. The In-
FUr&noe Commissioner and the Building
and Loan Commissioners of the State re
cently signed a joint report declaring, in
M^ist.-uice, that the debenture companies,
as they are commonly known, are practi
cally lotteries. A copy of thi? report was
ycui to Attorney General Ford, who has
f-iree notifiM the several companies of
this sort doing business In California to
ar.pwer by the 2'<th fnst. why he should
not proceed against them to restrain them
fmm doing business in this State. Among
the men interested in debenture compa
nies here are General R. H. Warfleld.
General S. W. Backus, Surveyor General
Gleaves, 1. J. Truman and his sons, ilr.
Gifting, Dr. Bardue and Henry N.
Clement.
¦U'hile matters have been coming to a
focus in California the National Govern
ment has also be^n interesting itself in
t.he debenture companies. After a care
ful consideration of the several plans
upon which the companies are proceeding
tie Postoffice Department has sent out
notice that after a reasonable time, which
is allowed that the companies may amend
thfcS;- plans, they will not be permitted to
use the United States mails for the trans
action of business unless their methods
are revised.
In view of the known facts that State
Assistant Attorney General Harrison J.
Barrett of the United States gave hi*
opinion this caption: "Opinion addressed
to the Postmaster General as to the use
of the mails in the promotion of certain
so-called bond Investment schemes." The
opinion occupies more than 100 pages ut
printed matter, In which are analyses of
many schemes. In the conclusion are the
following words: . . .
"I can say that all these schemes as
now framed are in the nature of lotteries
or similar schemes and are based upon
erroneous calculations and blunders from
which the public, which will suffer and be
defrauded, should be protected: and the
promoters of these companies will be
much better off if they are stopped now
and compelled to put their enterprises on
a sound basis before the inevitable co!
lapse comes. The attention of companies
promoting schemes like those herein out
lined should be called to this opinion and,
for the reasons heretofore stated, be given
a reasonable opportunity to abandon the
pame or to make such changes as will
eliminate all objectionable features bo
fore further action is taken by this de
partment in the direction of depriving
them of the, use of the malls."
The department has adopted the course
suggested by %h« Asuistant Attorney Gen
eral of the United States. In the mean
time Senator Wolfe, at Sacramento, is
trying to intrench the debenture com
panies In California,
"I have not said anything about this
matter," said Mr. Bricker. "but as you
have the facts I do not see that it will
do any harm to say what has happened.
The Postofflce Department took measures
to secure literature from all the debenture
companies In all parts of the United
States. Acting under instructions I sent
on the literature of the several companies
here. Some of the California companies
have been notified by the department that
unless they modify their plans they will
be refused admittance to the mails. The
department is not inclined to act harshly
and has not set any fixed time for closing
the malls to them, the idea evidently be
ing to give the companies time to change
their plans to meet the views of the de
partment. It has been found that there
are different conditions under which men
Investing their money similarly may get
returns from the companies. This the de
partment understands to be the essential
characteristic of a lottery enterprise; The
department has also come to the con
clusion that certain of these schemes can
not be financed to a conclusion in such
manner as to protect all investors and
that eventually the liabilities will be so
great that the companies will not be able
to get enough new business to keep them-
Eelves afloat."
"I have looked ever Wolfe's proposed
law. If these are investment companies
the provisions that he proposes do not
give any security to policy holders or in
vestors. I understand that there are more
companies in the course of organization.
They are frauds of the worst description."
Postofflce Inspector L. H. Bricker con
firmed the statements of Mr. Clunie con
cerning the attitude of the Postofflce De
partment toward the debenture com
panies. ' .
"Yes," continued Commissioner Clu
nie, "1 am surprised that any one in the
California Legislature should attempt to
validate such schemrs as the debenture
companies embody, in view of the findings
of the Postal Department and the action
of the Building and Loan Commissioners
and the Insurance Commissioner of this
State. This seems to me to be the place
to shut tnem out. It will be remembered
that the last session of the Legislature
put through a measure similar to the
one now proposed by Senator Wolfe, but
Governor Gage did not sign it. That bill
also provided for placing the debenture
companies under the jurisdiction of the
Bank Commissioners. Now, the constitu
tion of the State of California forbids the
State Legislature authorizing the exist
ence of lotteries. The Penal Code, in sec
tion 325, provides for forfeiture to the
State of funds of lottery companies. I
am waiting for the Attorney General of
this State to take action against the com
panies now in existence.
"It is a fraud." said the Commission or,
"and you can quote me as saying so. The
companies doing business in latiunma
have been carefully investigated. The
Building and Loan Commissioners Bat
with me in all cases. We found them to
he all frauds, and we sent a report to
Attorney General Ford and requested him
to take action against them. They are
lotteries. Since we made that report
the Assistant Attorney General of the
United States, Harrison J. Barrett, has
rendered an opinion to the Postofflce De
partment in which he finds the same facts
concerning debenture companies, and the
department, as a consequence, is prepar
ing- to shut them out of the mails. The
Assistant Attorney General of the United
States had the opinion of David Parks
Fackler, the great actuary, to sustain him
in his interpretation of the plans of the
companies as set forth in their literature.
Many. States -made .complaints i and this
called upon the National Government to
look into the matter, which It has very
thoroughly done.
officials and the National Government
have alike found the debenture compa
nies' methods* to be objectionable. Insur
ance Commissioner Clunie expressed as
tonishment yesterday that Senator Wolfe
should now be urging the legalizing of
their business in this State.
Denounces Debenture Companies That
Senator Seeks to Legalize.
CLUNIE SAYS WOLFE SEEKS
PROTECTION FOR LOTTERIES
The reasons why men do not generally
attend church were discussed last night
at the Church of St. John the Evangelist
by the Right Rev. William Ford Nichols
and Rev. Dr. Clampett. The openlryj- lec
ture was delivered by Dr. Clampett, who
said that the indifference of men to God
was the curse of the age. "I think it safe
to say," said he, "that not* 10 per cent of
our men attend services on the Sabbath.
I further think that not 25 per cent of tne
students of either Stanford University or
the University of California devote any
time to the study of religion. Religion, I
am sorry to say, is the last thought of
the great majority of men," Speaking of
the reasons why men do not attend church
Dr. Clampett said that in a great meas
ure the ministers of the gospel were to
blame.
Bishop Nichols Indorsed the utterances
of Dr. Clampett and furtlfer spoke of the
indifference of young men to matters re
lating to religion.
"On the way here to-night," said he, "I
boarded . a^street car that was crowded
with men on their way to the prizefight.
All ..that I could hear around me was
talk of knockout blows and bets on the
outcome . of the - fight. Nothing was
further . from ; the minds of these
men than God and the teachings of his
church. You ask; why they were going
to the light? Just' to be entertained.
There was an attraction :for them there.
If the sermons of f the clergy were made
more Interesting and better music were
rendered in our churches men would find
more entertainment in them, and the -at
tendance would be Increased." • ,
k In conclusion Bishop ' Nichols exhorted
his hearers to interest themselves among
their . friends and endeavor -to < get them
to accompany them to church.
IUI>rETERENCB TO GCXD , -
IS CTJBSE OF THE AGE
Preaching from the pulpit of the Tem
ple Emanu-El last night, Rabbi Voorsan
ger placed before his hearers in vigorous
words his theory of the causes of the con
flict existing from earliest times between
religion and science. From the century
which ha3 passed the preacher drew a
picture of promise for that to come, and
declared that the pessimists who claim
that the present ape has not profited from
the lessons of centuries gone by are
croakers of charges which cannot be sus
tained.
In speaking of educational advantages,
which are one of the fruits of the expe
rience of former centuries, Dr. Voorsan
ger raised his hands above his head and
in a dramatic manner cried: "Alas and
alas, that it should be so; to the same
extent that a nation alienates Itself from
religious enthusiasm to that extent does
the percentage of educated and thinking
persons Increase."
In the character of the scholar, Adam
Warner, drawn by Lytton Jn the "Last of
the Barons." Dr. Voorsanger found a
type of the scientific reformer, as opposed
to the dogmatic ecclesiastic delineated ±»y
the dissipated friar in the same novel.
Continuing, he said:
"They are the two opposites. Popular
superstition against knowledge. Sir Ed
ward Bulwer Lytton has put into the
mouths of his characters the sentiments
which may characterize the difference be
tween the rude age of the period chosen
for the novel and of that which has im
mediately preceded us. We must learn a
little better to distinguish and appreciate
the difference between, those days and our
own. The croaking charge that we have
not profited by the lessons of those days
cannot for a moment be sustained. The
latest structure Is the best, because It
typifies and embodies all previous expe
rience.
"Alas and alas, that it should be so; to
the same extent that a nation alienates
itself from religious enthusiasm to that
extent does the percentage of educated
and thinking persons increase.
"The centuries gone before have not
been wasted. They have produced more
truth in one century than in all the'eeven
teen preceding, and more power to apply
these truths than ever before existed, but
which will increase with the volume of
the years."
Rabbi Jacob Nleto addressed a large
congregation at the Temple Sherlth Israel
last night on the outlook for the new cen
tury. JHe 8i>oke of the pains taken to
delve into the meaning of the Bible, and
declared that the modern religious move
ment tended toward the formation of a
universal religion of t the spirit which
should have as its first duty the abolish
ment of warfare. He said in part:
"Without the heloa furnished by the
commentators, explorers and translators,
it would be Impossible for any one to take
up intelligently the study of Bible litera
ture.
"I. believe that the religions of the world
as they developed from polytheistic to
monotheistic basal principles, in like man
ner are still tending upward and onward
to one great universal religion which will
link all the people of the earth together.
Changes are going on on all Bides. This
leveling down and piling up means that
some day we are to stand side by side
on one religious platform, the first fruit
of the union to be the abolition of blood
shed, the rendering of war . but a dark
memory of ages that have long since
rolled away." ¦¦¦¦-.¦
Rabbi Voorsanger Discourses
on This Interesting
NEW CENTURY'S
GREAT PROMISE
it in for me and are trying to make mo
out a guilty man."
Prison Director Fitzgerald ! said ias»t
evening that there was nothing new in
the case. He claimed that immediate ac
tion would be taken against Levy for buy
ing stolen State property. He said that
the matter would be fully laid before the
Attorney General for his advice. Fitzger
ald also claims that he wants Levy to ex
plain the sale of the 15,000 sacks that took
place in 1S9S. Bookkeeper Wadham also
camo in for a scoring.
"If Wadham had attended to his busi
ness," said Fitzgerald, "this thing could
not possibly have happened. Wadham
appeared at our last quarterly meeting
and reported that everything in the books
was O. K. He certainly could not have
been attending to his business in the light
of recent developments. / >v,.,'
"Walden has not been heard from. :No
trace of him can be found. No active
steps have been made to catch him, but
we would very much like to get hold of
him Just at present."
A visit to the offices of Miller & Lux yes
terday established the fact that Walden
had not imposed on that firm by trying to
sell them stolen sacks. John J. Dillon,
the buyer for the firm, stated that he had
only seen Walden once in his life. On that
occasion the former clerk of the jute mill
called at the office of the firm on Califor
nia street. Dillon' explained that all the
business done with San Quentin in con
nection with the purchase of sacks was
done by mail.
Prison Director Wilkins was also seen
last evening at his residence In San Ra
fael. He claims there will be some new
developments shortly and that with a
thorough investigation the true state of
affairs will soon be known. He is also
certain that Walden practiced a sys
tematic course of stealing for several
years. He is anxiously awaiting the re
sult of the experts' Investigation at the
prison and he says that should there be
any more peculations discovered they will
not be made public until the persons who
bought the stolen property have been lo
cated and the goods Identified.
Former Clerk Said to Have Sold 15,000 Saeks in 1898.
Levy Suspected of Being Purchaser and His Books
Will Be Examined— Embezzler's Accounts Disappear
Reaches Man's Allotted Three Score Years
and Ten — Prominent in Trade on
This Coast for Fifty Years.
It now. appears that when C. J. Walden.
the embezzling clerk of the jute mill at
San Quentin Prison, so mysteriously dis
appeared he either hid, destroyed or took
his books away with him. This statement
was made yesterday by a guard at the
prison, who rpfu^od to allow, his name to
bo used. The Prison Directors, conse
quently will be badly handicapped in their
efforts to discover the exact amount of
the missing man's peculations?, and the
only way they will be able to learn def
nitely will be to take account of stock.
That San Quentin Prison was systemat
ically robbed by Walden for several years
there can be no doubt. It is claimed that
ex-Governor Budd when in office recom
mended mat Walden be removed, but in
fluence was brought to bear, and though
he was under suspicion he was allowed
to retain his position.
Joseph Levy, the junk dealer, who ad
mits having bought the 50,000 sacks from
Walden, was to have had another inter
view with Prison Director Fitzgerald yes
terday in Captain Seymour's office in the
Hall of Justice. The worry and strain
of the past two days proved too much
for the old man, however, and he sent his
regrets at not being able to be present
Fitzgerald is suspicious that Levy has
been doing business with Walden for sev
eral years, and yesterday, acting under
orders from the Prison Director, Book
Expert Mcl^aren went to Levy's place of
business to examine his accounts with
reference to a sale of 15,000 sacks that
took place in October of 1898. Levy was at
his home, and McLaren was unable to ob
tain the desired Information in regard to
this sale. What the investigation con
cerning this third sale, which was only
learned of yesterday may develop is hard
to surmise. That the suspicions of the
Directors have been further excited by
the discovery of this transaction is shown
JOSEPH FREDERICKS,
A PIONEER MERCHANT,
PA55ES AWAY QUIETLY
by the actions of McLaren. He claimed
yesterday that he was not allowed to
make any statements to the press, but
intimated that when he was through with
Levy's books It would be good time spent
to call in at Director Fitzgerald's office
and read his report. -
Luman Wadham, the bookkeeping: ex
pert of San Quentin, who makes regular
trips to the prison to expert the booKi of
the institution, is likely to encounter a
tropical interview when he next meets
Prison Director Fitzperald. Wadhara's
head is almost certain to fall in the basket
at the next meeting of the board. Fitz
gerald said yesterday that Wadham to a
certain extent was responsible for the
robbery of the sacks. At the last quar
terly meeting of the Prison Directors
Wadham was present and reported that
he had gone over all the books and found
them correct in every detail. Fitzgerald
says that Wadham could not have done
his work conscientiously or he would have
detected the peculations.
The Prison Directors are at last aroused
to the fact that the present scandal is lia
fcle to increase until it assumes gigantic
proportions. A force of expert bookkeep
ers is still employed at the prison, and
Walden's work with the remaining books
will be gone over year by year. In this
city also the matter will be probed to the
bottom. Yesterday afternoon Captain of
Detectives Seymour and Prison Director
Fitzgerald had a long consultation. What
the nature of the conference was Captain
Seymour refused to state, but it is sur
mised that detectives are scouring the
water front and the warehouses of sack
dealers to ascertain if there are still more
bales of sacks which have been purchased
from Walden In this city.
Joseph Levy was seen last evening at
hie residence, 1445 McAllister street. He
spoke freely of his dealings with Walden
and apparently desired to keep nothing
back.
"I do not remember ever buying 15,000
sacks off Walden in the year of 1898. Of
course I might have done so and when I
get down to my store I will look the mat
ter up. These Prison Directors have got
PRISON DIRECTORS DISCOVER
ADDITIONAL EVIDENCE OF
PECULATIONS BY WALDEN
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Jane Wilkie from Hugo Wllkle for
desertion, and Daniel V. Wejls from Nel
lie A. Wells for "desertion. Suits for di
vorce were filed yesterday, by Adolphe
Condrotte against Nellie Condrotte for de
sertion. Margaret Leopold against Charles
Leopold for desertion and Edwin Hayden
against Josephine Hayden for infidelity.
In the . Divorce Court.
OAKLAND, ~ Jan. 18.— The ? Seventh
Ward delegation of the • Republican con
vention to-night caucused and decided to
report the name of Harry N. Morse for
Mayor to the Republican convention.
Favor Morse for Mayor.
The law-maker» are wrangllngr over th«'abo
lition of the whipping • post. The man who
succeeds in passing such a bill, will prove as
great * benefactor to . the breaker of man's
laws as Hostetter'a Stomach Bitters has to tha
breaker ot nature's laws. If you've, neglected
your stomach until Indigestion, constipation,
biliousness, liver and kidney troubles are upon
you, there's but one cure, : Hontetter's Stomach
Kilters. Pon't tail to try it tor U gri#p«.
To Akolish the Wnipping Post.
Ready-made frames in every variety of
finish for cabinet , and Paris panel photo
graphs, all complete with glass,' mats and
wire stands, 25 ; cents . each. An ' Immense
variety of other styles and' prices; mould
ings for framing pictures to order "In all
th© new shapes and every tint and color
of mat board and binding paper. San
born, Vail&Co., 741 Mar'^et street •
Ready-lffade Frames.
The trial of Dr. Ralph A. Huntington
on the charge of murder in connection
with the death of Miss Jennie McKown,
the young girl to whom he was" engaged,
was continued before Judge Lawlor yes
terday The evidence was practically the
same as given at the preliminary examin
ation before Judge Cabaniss.
Dr T B. W. Leland, who made the
autopsy' on the gtrlV body, concluded his
testimony, which was of a technical na
ture Miss Kate Degnan, a friend of the
dead" girl, testified to the relations exist
ing between her and the defendant. Rob
ert Davies testified that he introduced the
eirl to the defendant and gave testimony
as to their subsequent meetings and af
fectionate conduct toward each other. De
tective Ed J. Wren testified to the finding
of the instruments in the defendant's of
fice with which the operation was being
performed on the girl when she expired. •
Mrs Belle McCottrey, th,e dead fcirl's
sister told that the defendant and the de
ceased were recognized lovers. The de
fendant used to call at her house, where
Jennie lived, every day In the week and
sometimes two and three times a day. She
said Jennie was of a bright and sunny dis
position, but within three months prior to
her death she became fretful and lmpft
tient and was difficult to please. Mrs.
McCottrey's examination had not conclud
ed when court adjourned till Monday
morning-. _/¦¦¦'¦ ¦
the Dead Girl Were Recog
nized Lovers.
Dr. Huntington, the Defendant, and
WITNESSES TESTIFY IN
McKOWN MTEODER CASE
Harold Middleton, son of Jonathan Mid
dleton, ship chandler. 213 Jackson street,
proved himself a scrapper of ability yes
terday afternoon.' He chased a thief, over
took him and knocked him out in a whirl
wind round of three minutes'' duration.
Then he dragged the subdued thief to the
Hall of Justice and saw him safely locked
up on a charge of petty larceny.
About* a week ago John Allen, a lusty
youth, called at the Middloton store and
asked for the loan of a hammer. He got
it, but young Middleton became suspicious
and following him made him give it up.
Yesterday afternoon young Middleton s
rig Was standing, in front of the store and
Allen grabbed the buggy robe and bolted.
Middleton sprinted after him and over
took him after a chase of three blocks/
Allen dropped the buggy robe and showed
fight. Middleton < squared off -and after a
fierce mix-up landed on Allen's jaw and
knocked. him out. .
Sprinter and Boxer of No
Mean Order.
Harold Middleton Proves Himself a
SOUNDLY THRASHES
.TrTTTft'E' TTTC CAPTTT'R-Kfl
Mr. Fredericks was a native of "West
phalia, where he was born in February,
1&30. He* came to California in 1851 and
established himself in the paint and oil
business in Sacramento. From there he
went to Virginia City and later, in 1867,
came to this city, where he established
the furniture firm of Joseph Fredericks
& Co.
He was a member of Hermann Lodge of
Masons No. 127 and will.be burled from
Masonic Temple Sunday at 2 p. m.
Charles B. and A. Remy Fredericks,
sons, and a daughter, Mrs. W. E. Lich
tenberg, survive the deceased.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 19, 1901.
THE LATE JOSEPH FREDERICKS, FOR A HALF CENTURY PROMI
NENT IN THE FURNITURE AND CARPET TRADE ON THE PACIFIC
COAST. HE DIED IN THIS CITY YESTERDAY.
JOSEPH FREDERICKS, a pioneer
merchant of this city, died yester
day morning at his residence, 2520
Green street, at the advanced age
of 71 years. Since 1867 he had been
a prominent member of the business
world of this city. Previous to that year
he was recognized as a leader among
business men in Sacramento and Virginia
Oity Jsev.
His genial nature endeared him to many
and a great portion of his busy life was
spent in alleviating the worries of his less
fortunate fel'ows.
9
Advance in
Oil Stocks
The necessary machinery, derrick, tim-
bers and drilling tools of the Bella Vista
Oil Syndicate are belns placed In position,
and actual operations in San Ma-
teo County have commenced. The non-
assessable stock of this company will
be advanced to 25 cents a share no), later
than February 1, and in all probability
much sooner, a* several large blocks have
been subscribed which will exhaust the 10-
cent Issue, and notice of this fact has
been sent to the stockholders, many of
whom are doubling their holdings by the
purchase of stock now at 10 cents per
share. Now is your last chance.
The offices of the company, room 7,
ground floor. Mills building, San Francis-
co, Cal.. present a busy scene, giving In-
formation and prospectus to intending
purchasers. - -.•':/
t Cured While
You Sleep
WL3rmi _ t ,,„... In Fifteen Day9
»Gran-8olTent" dissolves 8«rlcwir« like mow b«-
neath the run, reduces Enlarged Pro«tat« an«
strenfthens the Seminal D acts, stopping Drain* tad
' Emissions In Fifteen Days. ,.¦, ., , .-
No droo to rnia the stomaca, but t direct local
aad poiitWe application to ibe entire nretbral tr»c*
Orin-SolTent Is not a liquid. It is prepared la
tne form of Crayom or Pencils, smooth and nexlbl* i
and so narrow as to pasa the closest Striotare.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tfc* 6V James Am., Box 6M. Cincinnati. O. om
¦raplred at treat expense an exhaust- f" ff| T T f
Rrtunstratod Treatise upon the male LULL)
S»l« applicant. ¦ •»»-»¦¦
vi lAnh<lCsN S2SO EL-n ST.,
M. JA.nC3 A33fl., Cincinnati, Ohio.
DH.MEYERS&CO.
Specialists. Disease jgjpj^ "¦
and weakness of E?K ' _^esi
men. Established 7?w
18XL Consultation WS I X&D V^
and private book Va 4-1 /_\ I
free, at office or by NoUlJ itf^SJ
malL Cures guar- wft w ;fta<£rgy
anteed. 71*1 Mar-
ket street (elevator
entrance). San _^T^ -JPwGEi^.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modaUd and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. Mo to $1 60 day.
$5 to *8 week; IS to t» month. Free baths -hoi
and cold water every room; Or* crates in erery
room; elevator runs all nlxht.
Al HI 4fe Lamn & Rand Waterproof
I ¦¦ iRIl. Bmok «'ess Powder, inbuilt
¦ ¦IB BH * nd load «d in shells. Send
ill Hal ¦ for catalogue of Hportln?
WB«W BOOds. GEO. W. SHREVE.
.^^ T39 Market street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CD**-" —^6J>
| r IGPRUNE I
g v^EREAL i
g^; Samples of Figprune are now
q^* being distributed in San Francisco I^S
g^ and we trust every family will try Z^|
S^" the new food beverage. < . z££
i^ i-- Fruit
g^ Figprune consists of ] Z of ¦ -^*
|j>Z (46% Grains — <&
g^; In California the fig and prune jg
attain the highest degree of perfection
g^- and these choice fruits, combined with
§^~ selected grains, scientifically blended, ""^
g^~ make the best and most nutritious "Z^
|^" Cereal Coffee now on the market.
g*^ Ask your Grocer for Sample.
: For a Cold in tha Head.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets. •
A ft v I*; H-TTRT^w v- n r ra,
A Noted Boston Woman Describes
its Symptoms and Terrors. — Two
Severe Oases Cured by Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
C( I am so nervous ! no one ever suffered a3 I do ! There
isn't a "well inch in my body. I honestly believe my Iung3
are diseased, my chest pains me so, but I have no cough. I
am so weak at my stomach, and have indigestion terribly, and
palpitation of the heart ; am losing flesh ; and this headache
and backache nearly kills me, and yesterday I had hysterics.
" There is a weight in the lower part of my bowels, bearing
down all the time, with pains in my groins and thighs — I
can't sleep, walk, or sit, and blue — oh goodness ! I am simply
the most miserable of women."
This is a most vivid description of a woman suffering with
nervous prostration, caused by inflammation or some other
diseased condition of the womb.
No woman should allow herself to reach such a perfection
of misery when there is no need of it. Read about Miss
Williamson's case and how she was. cured.
Two Bad Cases of Nervous Prostration Cured*
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham ; — I "I had nervous prostration
was suffering such tortures terribly, caused by female
from nervous prostration that weakness. I suffered every-
life was a burden. I could thing; was unable to eat,
not sleep at all; and was too sleep, or work. After a while
weak to walk across the floor. I was induced to try Lydia E.
My heart was affected so that Pinkham's Vegetable Coin-
often I could not lie down at pound, and I really began to
all without almost suffocating, improve on taking the first
I took Lydia E. Pinkham's bottle. I continued to take
Vegetable Compound and it the medicine, and am now
worked like magic. I feel that better in every way, and feel
your medicine has been of in- like a different person. I am
estimable benefit to me." simply a well woman."
Miss Adele Wiujamsoic, Mbs. Della Reiser,
196 N. Boulevard, Atlanta, Ga. Marienville, Pa.
A ssi A A A REWARD.— W« have deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn. $5000,
V" Llj I which will be paid to any person who can find that the above testimonial letters
«\ H 3 1 1 1 B I are not genuine, or were published twf ore obtaining the writer'^ special p«r-
VUUUV mission. LYOIA E. PINKHAM .MEDICINE CO.
A WELCOME CALLER.
Our delivery man Is met with smiles,
not with frowns, for what he presents
brings certain satisfaction to wife and
mother, husband Knd brother. In two
words: It's risht! That applies to every
single article washed, starched and Ironed
in this establishment. Modern appliances
and skillful handling tell the story.
Domestic finish for full-dress shirts I!
you order it.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 62 San Pablo Ave.
Pennyroyal pills
P-^T/*CW^.9ATE. 41»«Tir»U«t>l». I.»d|«, U | Dnrrirt
f*A *P*tL ** ClIICUKVrEH-s ENCLl-TlI
fc>*>«R^>a KEI> M-i V.U «t»Ul. feu- m*,\
PI ¥* *flj !>••«>•*•¦• »ab«tlt»U.a. tod laOte.
I / , %Q ttasw. Bay «f joor Dnf«Ut, w arad -ft*. Is
I Z. VL "rEVi P«rtl««]a*s, TwttsseaiaU
J%a - 3B5W5^ r »»i. tt Bf * O Is a non-poisrvnotsi
romed? for Gonorrhoea,
Oleet, 3 p*rm»t«>rrh<v »,
iflfflBrialto&dtTi.\4 White'. anmtpr»l di»-
MoBiB OtmrmitMd tS charp . or any la&xnm*-
C«b>T sot w strict*™. tion. i rlution or clcara-
¦^4!>nnau nguitaa. tion .f muconi mea-
lfrSV«Ev»1sCHEmCHC3. brsn«.. >'oa-astrin«-ns.
i VflAciNCI'mTt.O.IgHa *° ld b * DrunUtM,
TffHjh n • . 'SIP »r tent in pUln wr*pr«r.
JfttflKHak"" IJ&ys t>7 expre-w. pr->p»i<J, lot
JTOJff I1 1 1PTC* H ii-OV or 3 bottles. £2.73.
B ci. suUr sent oa r«ia<*l.
K j-PATENTsf j)
MARKET ST. SF
|«&1 SUndard remedy for Gleet."/*— «>~
h^^M Gonorrhea and Runnings /umJi
II 48 HOURS. Cures Kid- (mlUT J
ney and Bladder Trouble*. N« •
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD CSS DAMIANA BITTEK3. THS
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
stxenita to sexual orsaaa. Deyot. S3 Market,
ADVEETISEMENTS.
RUINS OF
POMPEII
A. D. 57.
i ...NOR...
WERE THERE.
THEY'RE
1900 PRODUCTIONS
S 3— a Pair.
THE ROYAL FOR MEN.
SOROSIS FOR LADIES.
! 50 THIRD ST.
Second Shoe Store
From Market 6t.
j£r99£2srr2QLJ2XS£3^^BQHHBBBSHQ0sfiE^D^^9NEW YORK. Jan. 18.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: .
Speculation has lagged, but ; trade ; on spring
account has on the whole improved this week.'
Southern and Southwestern trade is opening up
satisfactorily, and there are better reports re-:
ctiHed, even from the Northwest, ob to the
outlook for. spring business. As to retail dis
tribution, conditions are ; hardly, so favorable. ¦
The third , week of January ends with, weather
conditions unfavorable to retail - demand ,, for
woolens, rubbers, and * footwear, 'and the de
mand for household sizes . of coal has ¦ quieted
somewhat. '.WpVSll^f^BBKHtfUBBlBf'^K'VKfi' 1 -
On the other hand the open season has helped
the distribution of hardware, paints and glass.
CHICAGO, Jan. 18.— For a few minutes "fol
lowing the opening In wheat lt appeared that
the end of the heavy liquidation was In sight, j
An advance at Liverpool following yesterday's
decline here ; encouraged ~ buying at the open-
Ing and restricted selling, the result being ; an
advance of H©%c,\ May starting 75Vi(376%c.
The price touched 75%@75%c almost immedi-"
ately under the demand, but ¦ long wheat be
gan to come out. and it • was evident from
the character of the liquidation that heavy
holders had no faith In the stability of the
market. The slumping of Importar' Ions lines
brought small traders into the market with
their offerings. In ¦ less than an hour the price
for May had receded to 74c. or \c below the
lowest point - during yesterday's slump. Dur
ing the decline there were strong evidences of
Wall street unloading, which had anything
but a quieting influence on longs. At 74c the
market was given support. Th* . local crowd
apparently believed that a rally was due and
for a time bought confidently, their efforts
sending prices back to 74Hc and though there
were frequent periods of liquidation during the
latter part of the session, . yet -; in the math
the market exhibited a fair degree of steadi
ness. The feeling was rather easy at tho close
With May 74%@74%o bid.
Corn wu . irregular. ¦ May closed unchanged
at 28%c. .....,.: . : - - -. -
The market for oats was almost without In
dependent features. . Trading . was entirely : lo
cal. May closed %c lower.
There was a firm undertone In provisions,
although prices changed Immaterially. At the
close May pork was 7%o higher, lard 2%c up
and ribs 2%c higher. :.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Article*— Open. High. Low. Close.
whi»ftt : No.- %— >jotiiii« imma^ah
January \72% 73% .71% 71T4
February' ...73 73 71% 7S
May .76% 76H 74 74%
Corn No. 3— .
January ............ 37 f 37 86% 36%
February 37% S7% 37% ¦ 37%
May. :.. -SSH-.-SSH :88% 38%
Oats No. 2— i, •
January 23% 23% 23% 23%
May ................ 25% .,25% 25 25Vb
Mess pork, per barrel — . '
January . '.:..'.. ...'.14 10 -14 10. 14 05 14 05-
May ...;.....:. .....14 25 14 30 14 17% 14 17%
- Lard;. per 100 pounds—
January ............ '¦ 7 40
March .............. 7 45. 7 4VA 745 745
May .:.....:........ 7 55- 7 56 7 50' 7 60
¦Short rlbB,' per 100 pounds— . ', .
January..........:.^ .... .... 7 05
May .........¦....'.. 7 22H - : -7 22% - 7 17H 7l7> a
*' Closing ;" Quotations '. w«re as " follows: • Flour;
dull ; > No. = 8 spring - wheat, 68S>72c ; No. '> 2 red,
75c; 'No. ; * corn,* 3"H®37^o; . No.- 2 ¦ yellow, 87^4
<337i4c: No. 2 oats,-24\4iff24?tc: No. 2. white, 26T,
C27^c; No. 8 white.- 2e%S>27lic;;No. 2 rye. 60
Chicago Grain Market.
*£here was mor* activity on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange, but prices showed
no change worthy of note.
. The feature of the afternoon session was the
sudden activity in Gas and Electric, the stock
being feverish at J47 7S@£0.
I ¦ Prices wera generally steady on the OU Ex
change, with a very gocd business.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Jan. 19—1 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qnar eoup.-113Hil4H 4s do cp <new)i37i*13S
4s do reg 113H1MH 3s do coup 110 1U
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS*
Bay Co PCo5«.104*i — Oak Water 8s.lO3HI03^4
Cal-st Cab 8s.ll< — Oceanic SS 5s.lOS%10»
. C C Water 5S.106 1 * — Om C Ry to.. 128 —
! Ed L & P 5s.l3t 13S Pac O Imp 4s.lOO —
i F & Cl Rv 6s.llltt — P A C\ Ry 6s. 105 —
I Oeary-st R 5s. — — P & O R R Cs. —
H C & S Stts- — — Powell-st R Sa.129% — .
Do 5s 104% — Pac E O&R I*. — Mft
L A Ry 6s.. -.111^ - S F & SJV 5a.l» —
L A Lt Co 6s. — — S R of Cal «s.H0 — t
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 3 P R of A 6«.110%.llHi
T» 5s — — 3 P C Cs (1305.
L A P R R Ss.lOlH — Series A) ...109H —
Markt Cab «s.l28 — Do (Sertea B)ll(Hi —
Do 1st M 3s. VS. — Do <130«) 112% —
N C N G R 7s. — 11K4 Do (1912) 121H —
N R of Cal 6s .112 113 S P R 1st g Es.197 10SH
Do 6s 120 — S P B R C 6S.131H —
N P C R R 69.101V4 — S V Water «s..114# —
Do Ss ..'.... ..1C7 — Do 4s 104 —
N Cal Ry 5s..lW*i — Do 3d mtgclOl* —
O G L & H 5s.llO*i — jstktn Gaa 4S..1M —
Oak Tran 6s...lH4U3H
WATER STOCKS. v
Contra Costa.. 70« 70% (Spring Valley. $0 tl
Marin County. 61H »
OAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
CentL&POo— 4 Pac L Co — «
Eo.utt O L Co. 2H — Sac E OARCo — 40
Mutual El Co. Hi 7 SPOft E.... 49H 45«4
O G L & II... *$*i 50 San FVancisco. 4% 4-;,
Pac Gas Imp. 45 — Stktn G & E.. — u
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem*s Fund. 231 — I
BANK STOCKS. .
Anglo-Cal Ltd 75 — |Lon P & A. ...143 MF,
Bank cf Oal..4C5 — Merchants' Ex 18 —
Cal S D & T.lC3*;iO3 S F Nat Ek.. — 135
First Natlonl. — 325. .'
SAVINGS BAXKS.
Ger S & L.... — 183) ISav A L So... — _
Hum S & L.. - - Sec Sav Bk...273 —
Mut Sav Bk.. 50 — (Union T Co.... — _
S F Sav U...510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California .....133. — IOSL4 H.... 44 _
'Gcary-st *7% — jPresldlo — to
Market-st <9 -""H
f POWDER STOCKS.
California .....— — . [Vigorit t% a
Giant Con Co. 83% M^|
THE STOCK MARKET.
For the first time since election there has
b*«n a reaction In the stock market. The
movement has been attended by a decrease
of activity in the Stock Exchange and -the
public Interest In speculation has materially
decreased. The money market. It may be noted,
though showing no particular change In rates,
had a tendency to become easier, as funds are
flowing to New York on a very large scale
and further heavy accumulations In the banks
will, it is expected, be seen between the pres
ent time and early spring. The money mar
ket has shown- almost complete indifference
to the shipment of Jl.600,000 gold to Paris, the
fieling being that the loss of from J10,000,000
to J16,000.000 gold would, under the present cir
cumstances. Involve no change -In the ease of
meney In the New York market. So far as
railroad properties are concerned the Increases
In earnings are keeping up and further favor
able developments are looked for, i In spite of
the fact that, according to all appearances,
the street was greatly misled by the antici
pations of a deal Involving a change In the
control of St. Paul and its lease to the Great
Northern and Northern Pacific. Expectations
of the Immediate return of the dividends - on
Erie first preferred have also been negatived
9r.d there has also been a decrease of the con
fidence regarding the Immediate effects of the
new development in the coal road situation on
the earnings of dividends of the Reading Com
pany. For this reason a good deal of specu-'
Istlve selling by. disappointed holders has oc
curred in the Reading and Erie Issues, as well
an in St. Paul and the Pacific stocks, the de
cline In these securities carrying down the.
general list with it. At the same time it Is
generally admitted that the market has be
come* rather extended, a great many securl-'
ties being held on weak margins, thereby ren
dering a liquidation of such stocks Inevitable.
Certain large speculators are credited . with,
having taken a, bearish position and there has
undoubtedly been a good deal of short ¦: sell
ing. The large banking ¦ and other Interests
Identified with railroad properties . have not
licen sellers to any extent, but they have not,
except In a fev Instances, shown much in
clination to protect their properties in . the
face of renewed disposition of the public . to
lio.uldate. The» downward movement failed In
force as the week progressed, although It may
h» raid that th< street as a whole is not in
clined to consider that the bull market Is over
1 or to look on the current demonstrations as
I more than a temporary reaction.
NEW YORK. Jan. 18.— Bradstreet's Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say:
NEW YORK, Jan. li.— The market wa» sub
jected to an energetic shaking down to-day
which caused a notable decline in prices.
Prices, however, had been practically well ad
vanced before the decline set in and there
were notable recoveries at the end. The net
changes, therefore, do not by any means give
a just idea, of the character of the market.
The fall in prices was in moet cases a per
penClcuiar one from the high to the low level,
which gave It the appearance of great violence.
The bulling -which caused it had all the ap
pearance of great urgency and was in very
heavy volume, large blocks coming out on the
decline. It should not escape notice, however,
that there were important stocks In the list
which offered good resistance to the prevailing
weakness and which rallied well from the de
cline. The tone of the steel stocks was much
tetter than yesterday. .They were vigorously
supported, especially Federal Steel, and there
v. :.- a good demand Irom the short interest.
Important members of the group show small
net gal^s on the day. There were points of
strength as well in the railroad list. Missouri
Pacific. Southern Pacific and Union Pacific
were well absorbed during the day and Balti
more and Ohio showed no further sign of yes
terday's extreme weakness. Eug&r manifested
etreagth and closed at the beBt, at a net gala
cf nearly 2 points, but it was a noticeable
fact that the early advance In prices was
¦omewhat laboriously achieved. The determined
effort to support t£e market, which was man
ifested at tie opening, necessitated the ac
cepianoe of some very heavy offerings before
the weakness was overcome. When the move
ment of prices was once, turned upward it
eeeriied to have the effect of checking epecu
l&tive liquidation and the volume of dealings
wan r&ther email on the upward course, but
it proved an easy task for the bears to undo
the work of the bulls when they commenced to
offer prices down. The severest sufferers on
the decline were the New York public utilities,
grangers, the ooalers and, later In the day.
Northern Pacific. Bt. Paul's extreme decline
wan over 4 points and Northern Paclflo suf
}ered to the extent of 3^. Consolidated Oas
and Delaware and Hudaon were forced down
nearly 5 points, Lackaw&nna 3%. Tin Plate
preferred. Steel Hoop common and preferred
and Colorado Fuel 1 to t%, the local tractions
from 2% to 3H. the grangers 2 to S. Erie first
preferred 3, aad a large number of the prin
cipal active etocks from 1 to 2 points. The
activity of the market declined as the rise
progressed and there was no evidence of any
tot! ve renewal of a demand for stocks. The
dosing vu wavering and at the best only In
a few cases. The forecast of the bank state
xnest bad an Influence in driving the bears to
cover with the prediction of an Increase of
nearly 110,000,000 In the cash resources. In
eplte ot the payment to the sub-treamiry of
the gold withdrawn from the assay offlce for
export the week's eub- treasury operations has
yielded to the banks the sum of J3.743.000. On
the Interior movement by express the banks
are estimated to have gained considerably over
$5,000,000. The week's liquidation on the Stock
Exchange points to the probability also of a
loan contraction. Sterling exchange advanced
again to-day and the expectation Is general
that a furtb«r gold shipment will go out next
Tveek-
Railroad bonds weakened in sympathy with
stocks. Total sales. $1,8*3.000.
UcIumI States refunding 2s advanced »4 or
the last call.
XEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares . Closlni
Bold. Jjif*Tt*- Bid.
"" ' ' - <C""'*'J n ................. 44
"^r^" atchison prefd — — 83 T /(
*7lw Ualtimore & Ohio 8S>(
109 Canadian Paclflo 8S»j
C00 Canada Southern 66^
3900 Chesapeake & Ohio z>-:>,
2,900 Chicago Great Western 17%
20,109 Chicago Burlington & Quincy....;.l«
1,059 Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 24'^
I A Chicago Indianapolis & Louis pfd.. r.9 1 .
100 Chicago & Eastern Illinois !<:!'.
1,000 Chicago & Northwestern 163',<
27 200 Chicago Rock Island & Paclflo 120
309 C C C & Bt Louis....... % 77V
1,200 Colorado Southern >•..: 6$
•09 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 41
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
- The Government has treated the street to! a
surprise. ' It adyertieed for 60,000 lbs of ' White
Beans ''¦ and 'finished by gobbling up all 'it could
get * hold 'of. J thus 'almost ; cleaning i up the '. mar-'
ket of . these descriptions and advancing prices
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer. J5S8: Wheat,' Jll-913 50;
Wheat and Oat. $10@12 50; Oat. $3@12: Clover,
n-minal; Alfalfa. JS@9 50: Barley. J7 50@3 50 per
ten. - •-^•**CMro*» l ?fcLiyyiHJ«BU» l lt9i|BaH!
STRAW- 35©47Hc per. bale.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, ' J16@17 per
ton ; Oilcake Meal at the- mill, $23@26; jobbing.
J26 6O; Cocoanut Cake, J17@1S; Corn Meal, J25@
25 BO: Cracked Corn, J25 50@26; Mixed Feed,
J15@16.
Hay was 1 easier . all around, owing to more
liberal receipts, though prices showed no vari
ation. Feedstuff s were as before; quoted.
; BRAN— J15@15 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — 516 50®13 50 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
¦„ MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual 'discount to - the trade: Oraham
Flour. J3-per 100. lbs; Rye Flour. J2 75; Rye
Meal, J2 50: Rice Flour. J7; Corn Meal, J2 76;
extra cream do, J3 50; Oat Groats. J4 50: Hom
iny, J3 50S3 75:' Buckwheat , Flour, J4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. J3 50; Farina. J4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour . $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), J69
7 25: In sacks. J5 75® 7: Pearl Barley. Jo; Split
Fcas, J5; Green Peas, J3 50 per ICO lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. S3 2S<9
3 CO, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, J3 15g>3 25;
Oregon, J2 75@2 85 . per : barrel for family and
$2 7503 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', J2 75
Flour and MillstufFs.
WHEAT— Liverpool was firm, Paris ' steady
and New York lower.
There was heavy selling at Chicago, and it
was believed to be for account of the Wall
street longs. Counselman & Day, Keene's
brokers, sold considerable, some said as high
as 600,000 bushels. It was also eald that Ar
mour was selling, but he openly bought May.
At any rate, somebody was giving the crowd
all It could I take without unduly forcing the
market. This selling .was done on the hard
spots, while the Northwest bought freely ou
the breaks. The Argentine was again
reported bullish, and one large buyer took
1.000,000 bushels on an Antwerp cable sayln^
that the River Platte surplus for export would
not be over 46,000,000 bushels. The Argentine
I shipments for the week were 648.000 bushels,
against 781,000 last week and 633,000 for the
same week last year. The Argentine ship
ments since . January 1 are , 6,492,000 bushels,
against 1,968,000 for the same time last year.
The" local market was dull and weak.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97V4c; milling . 51@1 05
per ctl.
t CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls,'
»1 C3H: 14.0C0. Jl 03H. December— 6000. U 07H.
Second Session— December— 45O0O ctls, Jl 07%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 8000 ctls.
$1 03%. December— 4000. Jl 07%.
Afternoon Session— May— 2C00 ctls, »1 03^4;
4000. Jl 03%. December— 2000, $1 07%; 4000,
BAJt^EY— There Is nothing going on to
chaKge quotation's, - one way or the other.
/eed. 75c for choice bright. 72H@73%c for No.
Vantl 70c for oft grades: Brewing and Shipping
grades. 77V-0 1 82^c; Chevalier. • nominal. .^
F CALL BOARD SALES.
' Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales. <
Afternoon. Session— No sales.
OATS— Another lot of 500 ctls came In from
the .East, making 1500 during the past two
days. It is understood that : these East
ern Oats are In transit for the quartermaster's
department at Honolulu.
• The market continues ; firmly held and un
changed, with a fair demand.
White, . Jl 30@l 50; Surprise, nominal; Red.
Jl 25@1 40 for Feed and Jl 35@1 45 -for Seed;
Gray, nominal: Black, for Feed. Jl 17tfi?l 20;
lor Seed.' Jl 23@1 30 per ctl.
CORN— Dull at unchanged quotations, though
offerings are not large and receipts from the
East have lately been light." Yellow, Jl 12%;
White.- Jl 10@l 15; Eastern mixed, Jl 12% per
ctl. '
RYE— Weak and neglected at 82%@«5c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at Jl 85 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...... — $4 84H
Sterling Exchange, sight.: — 4 85^
Sterling Cables ; — 4 89H
New York Exchange, sight — 17V»
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 22H
Fine Silver, per ounce... — • 63
Mexican Dollars, nominal......... 60V4 0 61
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— The cotton market
started 6<g8 points higher and ruled steady
on that basis most of the day. . The close was
steady at a net advance of 7® 10 points.
New York Cotton Market. .
NEW YORK, Jan. 18.— Tin in London ad
vanced about £ I .to £120 5s, following a light
speculative movement. Orders from the In
terior are disappointing, and the trading was
confined to a hand to mouth business, closing
at 26®27%c.
Copper had a slight advance abroad to
£71 10s, but experienced a dull day locally.
Prices at the close were nominal at 17c for
lake and 16%c for casting.
Lead and spelter were unchanged at (4 87 and
$4 05<34 10 respectively.
Pig iron warrants were unchanged at $9 30
©10 60; Northern foundry, S16@16 50.
New York Metal Market.
NETW YORK, Jan. 18.— FLOUR-Receipts,
26,000 barrels: exports, 9341. Weak and tend
ing lower on account of the continued weak
ness in wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 81,500 bushels; exports,
23,900. Spot, steady; No.. 2 red. 79c f. o. b.
afloat and 77%c- elevator; No. 1 Northern Du
lrth, 85Vic f. a b. afloat: No. 1 hard Duluth.
ESJdc f. o. b. afloat. Options opened steady on
cables, but thereafter yielded sharply to more
liquidation, aggressive short selling, small sea
beard clearances and less l active export de
n:and; closed weak at Vio net decline. Janu
ary, closed 77%c; March, 78 15-16<g7!>!4c. closed
7Jc; May, 79W<fiS0%c. closed 79Kc; July,. 7S%@
7&Kc, closed 78%c.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot market steady; No. 7 invoice,
7V t c; mild, quiet: Cordova, 8@12Hc Futures
closed steady at an advance of 10 points.
Total sales were 29,750 bags. January, $5 70®
6 75; March. $5 E0@5 85; May, {5 90; July, $5 95;
October, W VTQt 15; December, $6 15.
BUTTER— Receipts, 8478 packages. Firm;
cieamery, 16@22c; June creamery, 15@18%c;
factory. ll@14c.
EGGS — Receipts, 4434 packages. Firm; West
ern average packed at mark. 21@22%o; West
ern, loss Off, 23c.
DRIED FRUITS.
Trading In the market for evaporated apples
was light to-day, with prices unchanged.
State common. 3%@4%o; prime, 6®5%c; choice,
! 5'.4©6c: fancy, 6@7c.
California dried fruits steady. Prunes, 3%® .
thic per pound, as to size . and quality.
A l-ricots— Royal, 7%®8c; Moorpark. 8HS15c.
Peaches— Peeled. 14@lSc; unpeeled, 6%@10c.
Specie From Mexico.
Imports of tp*dt from Mexico in 190C were
|10,72S,S4€, fc«alr.st J4.494.E15 la 1S99. the descrip
tions being as foilo-ws: Silver dollars. $S.«CO.-
SSfc; silver bullion. S1.S71.S64; gold bullion. »2C6.
844. ;
Government Income and Outgo.
The socrcts of the Government income for
the la*t calendar year were as follows:
CmtoiM $23S.0S5,118
Internal revenue - — 301.04i.474
iiiscellanei^us .. ——-• 36.6+o,220
Total - $375,776,0.2
The OlxboxsesMOta for the year were as fol
lows:
mil J1X4.293.S32
Vvj,r ~" 12S.113.720
Navy ".'.'.'.." - ~......... 68.679,616
knsicn.":::: _ - -
lct«reut — ¦ S3.S05.770
Total J4S7.028.710
Weather Report.
(lTCth MerlCiaa—Paclflo Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. Jan. IS.—« p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate as coci&arefi with those of same date
itet'season and rainfall la last twenty-four
hours: [
'
ES, nunimuxa 4i. mean 62.
WDATHEK CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen steadily on the Pa
cific Coast, and conditions are becoming more
favorable 'or the approach of a storm from
the Pacific Ocean. Rain will probably tall Sat
urday along the coaet north of Cape Mendo
clno.
The temperature has risen orer Southern Cal
ifornia and over the Valley of the Colorado.
In Southern California th*. temperatures are
from S to 14 tfejtreee abo^e the normal.
No rain tae fallen west of th* Rocky Moun
tains.
Forecast made at Saa Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, January IS:
Northern California—Cloudy unsettled weath
er Saturcay la central and northern portion
with light rain along the coast; fair In south
ern portion Saturday; fresh southeast winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada—Cloudy Saturday.
Utah—Fair Saturday.
Arizona—Fair Saturday.
San Francieco and vicinity—Cloudy, unsettled
weather Saturday; fresh southeast winds; prob
ably ehowers by nJcht.
ALEXANTDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Eggs contlnua to cheapen, but Butt«r stands
the same as last we-k.
Poultry has been plentiful for some days,
but prices are about as before. Some kinds
of wild Duck are- scarcer and rather dearer.
Meats of all kinds continue scarce and high.
with no immediate prospects for lower prices.
Fruits and Vegetable* show little change,
as usual at this season of the year. Asparagus
, is coming in from th.9 Sacramento River.
Coal, ter toa—
Cannel %- — 012 00 1 Southfleld
Wellington.. ifll 00 Wellington — — fill 00
Seattle » Ou® (Coos Bay — © 1 W
E>alry Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice, sq45 / 5»^i Common Dgg»....15iJ>—
Do. good V>j& Ranch Eggs, per
Pickled 3^3—' dozen 10© —
Tub. per lb 25'ff — I Honey, Comb, per
Cheese. Cal 15^171 pound US20
Cheese. Eastern.. IT'a 20 Do. extracted... 10© 12
Cheese. Swiss 20^33
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 13^13 Round Steak.. XO'&ls
Beef, choice 20 Slr loln SteaJc 15qj? —
Do, good — @I2 Porterhouse do ...X0® —
Corned Beef ID'S 13; Smoked Beef — ®1J
Ham 12ii li I Pork, salt 12215
Lard — @15tPork Chops 1501S
Mutton 12a.l3|Pork Sausages. .12^920
Lamb 15*25 Veal 12#15
Pork, fresh 15®— j
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 50-gSO: Do-res, p« r 4os....$lQ—
letting Roosters, Quail. p«r dz.« 75@2 7»
each WU75 English Snipe, per
O!d Roosters. ea.-SC'tJ— dozen 43 50®—
Fryers, each &0<S&> Jack Snip* .. — Jl 7i<82
Broilers, each. ....40^iO Mallard, pair 75c©«
Turkeys, per Ib..l75o20 Canvasback esc^n
Ducks, each »5fl73 Sprig ....75@—
Geese. each...$l 50@l 73 Teal
Pigeons, pair 40*250 Widgeon 40®50
Rabbits, pair 40'tf— Small Duck 30®40
Hare, each — ©20 Wild Geese, pair. — %'J.
Fruits and Nut*—
Almonds, per lb..l5'220 Limes, per dom 10313
Apples 4-W 5 Lemons, tfoa 15@25
Bananas, doz...... 10tJ20 Raisins, per lb.... — ¦» —
Oranges, doz 15@3O Walnuts, per lb..li£20
Vegetables—
Asparasus.per lb.30®— (Pepper*, it. Ib....l33—
Artlchokes.da 75c® Jl Potatoes, psr lb.. 2'J —
Beets, doz 103 — I Rhubarb, per lb. . — @1S
Beans, white.- lb.. 151220 1 Sweet Potatoes, lb 3d—
Colored, per lb..lO?J--! Parsnips, per da.10^—
Dried Lima. ft.. 6$ t Radishes.da bohs.U@K>
Cabbage, each .. 6® — I Sage. do« bnchs..25@3O
Cauliflowers, ea... 6 f a-|Strtng Beans, lit. .lyQZi
Celery, head 5^-|Summ«r Squash.
Cress, doz bnchs-isg^l per lb.... -13030
Cucumbers, pr ds..J2 W) Sprouts, per lb.... 6®—
I Egg Plant, lb 2O-(J:'M Spinach, per Ibk... B@ —
Green Peas, lb 10 tiUi Thyme, per lb.. ..!5<g30
Lettuce per doa-la'SICi Turnip*, per doa..io?i> —
Onions. Der lb.... 33 4 Tomatoes, per lb.20@—
Okra. dried, lb...— <»3i
Fish —
Barracuda ........1231.* ........... S31J
m 10 Shad ~ 8@l»
rrcdrtsh 12#1". Sea Bass .— ®«
flounders 10312 Smelts 12®—
Halibut 1MT13 Soles 10©—
Herring 12V»®— Fkates. each 8®1J
Klngflsh '*&?- Tomcod —$15
Mackerel li&— Clams, gallon 50-S? —
j». Horse ....12Hf?— **>. hardshell, lb 8#18
Perch 1<W3 Crabs, each 12H® —
Pompino 51© — Do. softshell. dz.40« —
Bockflah 12H©— Mussels, quart 5<?T10
Salmon, fresh ....200— Oysters. Cal. 100.. 40^50
Do. smoked ....— ©13 Do, Eastern; dz.25<340
Family Retail Market
NEW YORK. Jan. 18.-The following table,
compiled by BradBtreet. shows the bank clear
ings at all principal cities for the week ' ended
January 17. with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond-
In: week last year:
¦ Percentages.
Cities— Amount. Inc. ]_>eo.
New York $1,843,104,009 77.4 ' ' '
Boston 157.710,421 13.3
Chicago 144,«S2.S03 8.0 ...,\
Philadelphia 107.787,760 13.4
St. Louis „. ... 41.656,622 21.9 .,..
Pittfcburg " 38.454, lbl S3. 6 ..;.
Baltimore 2I.75S.916 16.1 ....
San Francisco....... 22.6J6.720 13.7 ....
Cincinnati 21,113,350 25.0
Kansas City 17,555.406 30.9 ....
New Orleans 14,300,763 10.6 ....
Minneapolis 10.5SS.566 1.9 ....
Detroit 10.412,2i«6 6.7
Cleveland 18,302,882 19.3
Louisville 10.145,636 .... 1.1
Providence 8,4OO,3uO 1.6
Milwaukee 6.253.1S0 .... 7.2
St. Paul 5,130,703 .... 4.6
Buffalo 6.296,270 22.2 • ....
Omaha 6,84S,725 1.0 ....
Indianapolis 8,165,781 25.9 ....
Columbus, Ohio 6.603.000 3.1 ....
Savannah 6,621,266 16.4 ....
, Denver 4,901,<S7 1.0
j Hartford 8.0S5.7S3 7.8
, Richmond 3,653,239 8.7 ....
; Memphis 4.112.427 84.4
; Washington 8.164,052 12.2 ....
Peoria 2,304,752 13.2
Rochester 2,416,908 13.9 ....
! New Haven 1,877.338 3.7
j Worcester 1.674.452 8.9 ....
'Atlanta 2,560.655 IS. 9 ....
1 Salt Lake City 8,318,219 24.9 ....
i Springfield, Mass.. 1,470,325 2.2
I Fort Worth 4.572.321 117.8
i Portland, Me 1.341,285 6.6 ....
! Portland. Or 2,360.163 41.9
! Bt. Joseph 4,355,341 8.5 ....
Los Angeles 2,863.875 9.8
I Norfolk 1.481,722 .... 4.6
j Syracuse 1,357.631 .... 2.8
I Des Molne« 1,005.973 14.7
i Nashville 1.706,165 20.8
I Wilmington, Del... 979,156 .... 8.9
Fall River 909,322 ..;. 6.2
Scranton 1.495.276 28.8
Grand Rapids 1.555,053 2.8 ....
• Augusta, Gi 1,3-s.ios 24.5 ....
I Lowell 693.449 20.9
! Dayton, Ohio 1.183,775 13.0
| Seattle 2.23S.S01 40.3
j Tacoma 1,306.982 46.9
I Spokane 999.209 13.6
Sioux City 1,281,543 4.3
New Bedford 755.787 88.7 ....
Knoxville. Term.... 609.041 17.3
Topeka 1.067.376 33.3
Birmingham 957.608 13.1 ....
Wichita 4SS.7O0
Binghamton 463,200 9.0
Lexington ES2.722 12.1
Jacksonville. Fla.. 229.872 16.0
Kalamazoo 8S7.SS0 148.4
Akron 50S.700 17.7
Chattanooga 441.772 4.0 ....
Rockford. Ill 28S.M7 .... 4.9
Canton, Ohio 316,200 19.2
Springfield, Ohio... 350.S16 3.8
Fareo. N. D 305,543 .... 12.6
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 142.457 22.4
Hastings, Nebr.... : 176.181 2S.0
Fremont. Nebr 145,826 18.8 ....
Dav.nport .., 836.103 81.6 ....
Toledo —. 8,658,857 6.8 ....
Galveston 7,771,000 10.0 ....
Houston $.875,681 18.9
Evansvllte 728.746 .... 29.4
Marcn 830,000 28.6
Little Rook 695,497* 82. 5
• Helena 767.239 17.6
I Springfield, 111 436,325 .... 1.8
Youngstown 356.664 5.9 ....
Totals V. S $2, 615, 661,818 tTs ....
Totals outslCe of *
Now York 767.557,863 18.9
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal J16.S47.633 16.2
Toronto 11,513.006 8.0
! Winnipeg 2,007,524 .... 8.7
i Halifax 1,484.505 1.9
Hamilton 706,518 ' 4.9 ....
St. John. N. B 683.843 4.9
Victoria 1.278.710 84.4
Vancouver M 770,920 19.0 ....
Totals....- $35,482,665 12.7 ....
103 Colorado Southern 2d prefd. ........ 16
t.l.'i Delaware & Hudson 150
600 Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 193
4.930 Denver & Rio Grande 30%
1.200 Denver &. Rio Grande prefd 10%
65.600 Erie 28ft j
SSi.SM Erie 1st prefd 631i
400 Creat Northern prefd ..........190
200 Hocking Coal 14
3,500 Hocking Valley ~ 43%
1.200 Illinois Central ...130H
500 Iowa Central 22^
1.100 Iowa Central prefd 48fe
" 500 Lake Erie & Western 42^ :
UK) Lake Erie &. Western prefd 10$ j
Lake Shore 210% 1
14.100 Louisville & Nashville 8S>4 !
69,400 Manhattan L 114% ;
11.300 Metropolitan Street Railway 161Vs ;
LOCO Mexican Central 13%
Minneapolis & St Louis 66V1 !
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 104 <
27.100 Missouri Pacific 85% !
100 Mobile & Ohio 44 j
L6M Missouri Kansas & Texas 15?i ¦
21,900 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 45vs !
100 New Jersey Central 153
9.1US New York Central 14Hi
€,100 Norfolk & Western 43»*
Norfolk & Western prefd S2
61.100 Northern Pacific 81
2.900 Northern Pacific prefd 85H |
46.&00 Ontario & Western 30*»
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd. 76
20,200 Pennsylvania 143»4 j
32.700 Reading _ 30%i 1
16,100 Reading 1st prefd „ „.. 70?i !
12,200 Heading 2d prefd 41>4 I
Rio Grande Western _ 65
Rio Grande Western prefd 92 I
6,900 St Louis & San Francisco 26H !
100 Bt Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd 79(4 i
2.100 St Louis & San Francisco 2d pfefd. 66% '
2,-00 St Louis Southwestern 21H '
4.C0O Et Louis Southwestern prefd 60 I
68,700 Et Paul 148% I
100 Et Paul prefd 1S9 i
St Paul & Omaha 132 '
42,900 Southern Pacific 42% j
18,700 Southern Railway 18>4 |
11,600 Southern Railway prefd 69H
8.900 Texas & Pacific 25%
£6.100 Union Pacific ..._.... 82^» I
8.500 Union Pacific prefd ..... 82*i 1
2.800 Wabash xi%
7,450 Wabash prefd 24ii
L000 Wheeling & Lake Erie 11%
1.200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.. 28 |
500 Wisconsin Central 1474
E00 Third Avenue 120*; 1
LtOO Baltimore & Ohio prefd 84*4 i
2,i»T National Tube B6» a
900 National Tube prefd 97
Express Companies —
Adams .......; 145
American 173
United States „., 65
Wells Fargo ........ .....—........ ..J35
Miscellaneous —
600 American Cotton Oil „ 27%
100 American Cotton Oil prefd „. 87
100 American Malting 4%
American Malting prefd 25
7.100 American Smelting & Refining 62H
200 American Smelting & Ref prefd.... »S&
American Spirits 2
American Spirits jprefd .V~ 17
6,700 American Eteel Hoop 24
1,100 American Steel Hoop prefd 71
16,500 American Steel & Wire 40
2,200 American Eteel & Wire prefd 85H
6,iOO American Tin Plat* E9«4
500 American Tin Plate prefd 869*
19,300 American Tobacco ;. 112"b
American Tobacco prefd f....\Z6
8.200 *.naconda Mining Co 44%
£0,200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit. 7SH
7.500 Colorado Fuel & Iron 45H
2,700 Continental Tobacco 42H
1,200 Continental Tobacco prefd 98%
C6.CC0 Federal Steel a 47?
6,100 Ftederal Steel prefd 68Vi
200 General Electric „. 186
400 Glucose Sugar _ 47*4
Glucose Sugar prefd .— 85%
400 International Paper 22
LtOO International Paper prefd 70
100 Laclede Gas .... 71
500 National Biscuit 87V4
National Biscuit prefd 92
400 National Lead 16^
National Lead prefd 84
4,300 National Steel SSH
i'CO National Steel prefd „. 90
New York Air Brake 149
1.000 North American 19%
Pacific Coast 65
100 Pacific Coast 1st prefd.. „ 89
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 65
1.20O Pacific Mall 41
25.700 People 1 * Gas 98
1.200 Pressed Steel Car 40^4
200 Pressed, Eteel Car prefd 79
200 Pullman Palace Car -...195
t'-i. Standard Rcpe & Twine 8*4
E6.C00 Sugar 134^
Sugar prefd 118V4
4.500 Tennessee Coal & Iron 65
6,000 United States Leather 11H
600 United States Leather prefd 73>/4
1.M0 United States Rubber 21%
I - 400 United States Rubber prefd 60
4,100 Western Union 8J%
14,800 Amalgamated Copper 90%
LCOO Republic Iron & Steel Co 13^4
1,600 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 67
P C C 4 St Louis 55
1.224,400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s ref reg 105%jN Y C lsts 106H
Do coupon. 105%!^ J C gen Ss 128
U S 2s reg 1W>4 ; N Pacific 8s 70
Do coupon 110 | Do 4» 10414
Do new 4s reg...lS6«4'N Y C & St L 48.108^4
Do new 4s coup.. 137*4 ,N & W con 4s 100
Do old 4s reg 113V4 Or Nav lsts 118
Do old 4s coup. .113^1 Do* 4s 103%
Do 6s reg U0V4»Or Short Line 6S..129U
Do 6s coupon... .111%: Do con 6s 115H
Dlst of Col 3.65s. ..125 Reading gen 4s S3Va
Atchison gen 4s,..102%!R O W lsts 99
Do adj 4s. £» ?t L A I M con 5s.ll4«4
Canada So 2ds 110 !6t L & S F gen 6M28
Ches A O 4%« 104% 'Bt Paul cons.......iS3H
Do 6s 120%St P C & P lsts.. 118
Chi & N con 7b. ..13314 Do 5« 11914
Do S F fieb ES...123 !S Paclflo 4s 83%
Chicago Terra 4s... 92%'S Railway 6s 112
Colorado So 4s 64 jStand R Sc T 6s... 65
D & R Q 4s lOOH.Tex & Pao UU....115 ,
Erie gen 4s S3 Do 2<ls 90
F W i D C ltts... tm V Pacific 4s 105%
Gen Electric U....155 Wabash laU 11S%
Iowa Central lsts. 11 6 Do 2du losu
L & N unl 4s 9S>% West Shore 4s 114
M K & T 2ds 76 Wis Cent 4s 64%
Do 4s _ 86% Va Centuries 96*
•MINTNO STOCKS.
Adams Con SO Little Chief U
Alice 45]Ontarlo - 6 60
Breece 2 OO.Ophtr 63
Brunswick Con"..... 27tPhoenix lfl
Comstock Tunnel... 04|Potosi lfl
Oon Cal 4 Va 1 75 1 Savage 12
Deadwood Terra. — 63 Sierra Nevada- 20
Horn Silver 1 WiSmall Hopes 70
Iron Silver 65jStandard 4 IS
Leadville Con 06' . A
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— jUnlon Paclflo 82U
. Call loans. t @4%' Union Land 2%
, ! Time loans 8%S4 West End 13
Stocks — Bonds — .
Atch T & Sta Pe.. 43% Atchleon 4s 101%
Do prerd 88% IN B Gas & C 5s... 65$
1 American Sugar.. .134 Mining Shares-
Do prefd 118H I Adventure 9tf
t Bell Telephone.... .157 Bingham 15%
Boston & Albany. .254 Amalg Copper S0',<
BoEton Elevated... .1(1 Atlantic 27%
Boston &- Maine.. .193 B & M. ex div....312
' Chi B & Q ....14S Butte & Boston... 78
1 Dominion Coal..... 37 Calumet & Hecla..866
1 Do prerd 106 Centennial 22'
i I Federal Steel 47% Franklin- 16^
s Do prefd ; U% Humboldt 60
i Fltchburg prefd. ...139& Osceola ............ 8<ty
1 ! Gen Electric prefd.l5B iParrot .............. 4J
i i Ed Eleo III..: 220 Quincy .176M
i 1 Mexican Central... 18%:Sta Fe Copper...... «.
i N E Gas & Coke.. ll%{Tamarack 325
I "Old Colony ..207 Utah Mining...... 32
I Old Dominion 8&%'Wlnona „ ;i 5
, Rubber 21 Wolverines ........ 4&M
1 . : ¦
. New York Money Market. .
NEW YORK, Jan. IS.— Monty on call steadj
Failures for the week .were 325 in the United
States against 242 last year, and 43 in Canada
against 40 last year.
Steadiness Is the chief characteristic of the
Iron and steel Industry. The past week has
brought»,jio new developments and prices are
unchanged. There Is a notable lack of new
contracts covering large operations, but many
small orders are placed and mills are well oc
cupied on old business that in most cases will
take ma-ithn to complete. On this account
there Is no urgency about securing orders.
Work Is bo vigorously prosecuted at the fur
naces that demand for fuel increases and coke
production in the Connellsville region expands.
Coal also moves more freely at Plttsburg.
There is still some uncertainty regarding tha
proposed tube and sheet , plants, and action by
the Carnegie Company is awaited with Interest.
Another moderate increase occurred In sales
of wool at the three chief Eastern markets,
raising the total for three weeks to 10,3S2,300
pounds. There ls-Btlll a heavy loss compared
with preceding years. Manufacturers' stocks
are generally considered low. Nevertheless
they buy only for Immediate needs and con
tinue to take mainly the cheaper grades. Re
sults at the London auction sales were more
satisfactory than anticipated, buyers compet
ing vigorously for the offerings, which were
quite as heavy as expected. . Prices were from
6 to 7% per cent better than the previous sale.
The raw material for the other leading textile
Industry has been in less satisfactory position,
owing to depression in the yarn market, which
caused the association to recommend reduction
in the output by a half. Large estimates of
the cotton crop also assisted the decline.
In most directions" the condition of general
business has Improved slightly this j week.
Prices of staple commodities are steady, as are
most manufactured goods. Orders to manufac
turers are sustained in volume, and that pro
nounced easy \ money in the interior is still
stimulating business Is shown by bank ex
changes at leading cities outside of New York
for the week 14.2 per cent larger than in 1900
and 17.8 per cent above 1899. At New York the
record is a gain of 77.3 per cent over 1900 and
S7.3 per cent over 1899. Retail trade has not
declined as much as usual since the holidays.
Textiles " show more life. • •
NEW YORK. • Jan. It.— B, O. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade to-morrow will say: ¦
Dun's Review of Trade.
at 2ffS per cent Last loan. >H- Prime mer
cantile paper. 4@5 per cent. Sterling ex
change firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 87K&4 S7% for demand and at $4 S3Vi
for sixty days. Posted rates, J4 84H©4 88.
Commercial bills, $4 82^04 83%. Sliver certifi
cates, 64&O65Hc. Bar silver, 63c. Mexican
dollars, 4Sy,c. Bonds, Government flrmei ;
State firmer; railroad weak.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 18.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were idle and depressed to
day on a rumor that the Queen's health, is
very bad, suggesting a possibility of a gen
eral election and the reopening of the Trans
vaal question. These apprehensions seemed
far fetched, as was talk of an eaxly new war
loan. •
Americans were heavy early and hardened
on good buying orders of Southern Pacifies,
but reacted on the New York opening, closing
dull. The bask lost £40,000 gold to Roumanla.
CLOSING,
LONDON, Jan. 18.— Canadian Pacific. 92:
Union PaMflo preferred. 85H ; Northern PaclHo
preferred, S3H; Anaconda, 9; bar sU vex, quiet,
29 l-16d; money, 4 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
¦WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— To-day* • state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Availa
ble cash balance. $138,086,843; gold. $79,1£6,458.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed, new,
5s lid; do old, 4s. Futures, firm; January.
3s l%d; March. 3e lOd; May. 3s 09id.-
WHEAT— Spot, steady;. No. 1 ! California.
6s 4d; No. 2 red Western winter, 8e Id; No.
1 Northern spring.- 6s 3Hd. . Futures, quiet;
March. 6s %d; May, 6s ?4d.
LONDON, Jan. 18. — Consols, 98 11-16 ; silver,
29 1-lBd; French rentes, ,101f 82^c; cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California, 30s: cargoes Walla Walla,
28s lOHd; English country markets, slow.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. IS.— Wheat, quiet; No. i 1
Standard California. 6s 4dST6s. 4>Ad; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, part cheaper: > weather In
England, rain. ¦
COTTON— Uplands. 5%d. . ,
closing. -¦",? ;
Foreign Markets
TACOMA, Jan. 18.— Wheat— Steady and un
changed; Bluestem, 57c; Club, 5oc
WASHINGTON,
PORTLAND, Jan. 18.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
64@55c. Cleared — Steamer Robert Adamson, for
Callao. with 138,664 bushels of wheat; - ship
Inchcape Rock, for Queenstown, with 87,914
bushels wheat. ¦
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 18. — Clearings, $337,464;
balances, $32,614.
LONDON.' Jan. 18.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 15.03S bales.
Good scoured merinos brought extreme prices,
the home and Continental representatives pur
chasing actively. France was a buyer, and a.
few good lots of the best greasy Victorias were
taken for America, full rates being paid.
Croes-breds were in fair supply and met with
a keen demand. Fine-haired scoured sold 7&
(g'lO per cent higher. Cape of Good Hope and
Natal snow whites were Id dearer. . : . - '
London Wool Sales.
HOGS — Receipts, to-day, 20.000: to-morrow,
20,000; left over, 1500; market 10c higher, ac
tive. Top, $5 42H; mixed and butchers, $5 15®
6 40; good to choice heavy. $5 30@5 42^4; rough
heavy. $6 15@5 25; light. $5 15@5 36; bulk.
»5 27H05 35. „
SHEEP— Receipts, 5000; sheep firm. Year
lings, $5 25; lambs, strong; good to choice
wethers, $3 75@4 65; fair to choice mixed. $.3 BO
©3 85; Western sheep, $3 75® 4 60: Texas sheep,
J2 50@3 50; native lambs. $4 25@5 CO; Western
Iambs, J5@5 50. •¦ - -
CHICAGO, Jan. j 18.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500, including 400 j Texani. Choice iteert
steady to strong; others slow, weak. Good to
prime steers, $6 2O@6 10; poor to medium. $S 60
©5 10: etockers and feeders, $1 70®4 SO; oows.
S3 25®4 25; helfera, $2 7504 60; canners. $2®2 70i
bulls, weak. $2 6504 25; .calves, $3 75®6 10;
Texas fed steers. $4@4 25; bulls, $3 60@3 50.
Chicago Livestock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Feb. Mar. May.
Opening .... 6 % • 6 %
Closing.. .... IH «%
PARIS.
Wheat— .-'*. r Jan. Mar. -June
Opening 19 00 20 10
Closing j 19 00 20 10
Flour —
Opening „... 24 40 -25 65
Closing 24 46 So 65
Another decline in Silver. No variation in Exchange.
Wheat zreak and dull. Barley ditto.
Arrival of Eastern Oats in transit for Honolulu.
Com dull and weak. Rye neglected and lower.
Bran and Hay as before quoted.
Government cleans up White Beans and advances prices.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables as usual.
Poultry still depressed and in good supply. Game steady.
No furtJier change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Bananas and Lemons in large supply and clieap.
Fine Oranges and Apples firm and in demand.
Nothing going on in Dried Fruit.
Provisions quiet and featureless.
Tallow higher. Hides weak and accumulating.
Nothing new in Wool and Hops. .
Hogs show signs of increasing receipts. Other Meats scarce*
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creameries, 14@I0c; dairy,
ll>4@18c. Cheese, dull; 10ii@ll l 5ic. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 19c.'
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 27,000 28,000
Wheat, bushels :.. 71,000 24.000
Corn, bushels ; 373.000 166,000
Oats, bushels 272,000 307,000
Rye. bushels 5,000 V 700
Barley, bushels 63,000 6,000
0E2q;. fair to choice malting barley. 49®60c;
No. 1 fiaxseed, tl 66; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 65;
prime timothy seed, $4 60; mess pork, per bar
rel. S14@14 05; lard, per 100 pounds, $7 40®7 42"*:
short ribs sides (loose). »7@7 25; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 6Vif[>>«c; short clear sides
(boxed), ' $7 3O#7 40; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 27; sugars, cut loaf. 6.39c; granulated,
5.79c; confectioners" - A, 5.69c; .oft A, 6.51c;
clover, contract grade, $11. ly:
Canadian failures for the week number 60,
as against 36 last week. 85 In this week a year
ago. SO in 1899, 46, in 1898 and 67 in 1887. -^
Business failures In the United States for the
week number 290, against 322 Ia6t week and
255 in 1900, 262 in 1899 303 in 1858 and 429 In
1897.
Wheat, including flour, shipments < for the
week were 3.336.054 bushels, against 5,961.000
bushels last week, 3,061 000 bushels in the cor
responding week -of 1900 and 5.19S.671 bushels
In 1SS9. From July 1 to date this season wheat
exports were 107,362.905 bushels, against 113,-
S13.S01 bushels last season and 139,234,719 bush
els in 1S9S-99.
and an advance of nearly one-third is reported
in window • glass. Lumber appears to have
been active at the West and wholesalers have
done - more at the East, < but the export trade
lags in this line, as In others.
-The. textile situation is not altogether, clear.
Cotton has weakened on Increased stocks at
the South. Wool Is in slack demand and man
ufacturers buy only to coveri orders. The shoe
trade Is In good shape so far as spring order*
are concerned, and leather is firm. •
It has been a week of ebbing strength In the
cereals. Argentine reports display an India
rubber consistency,-, and this week has been
devoted to stretching estimates of the export,
surplus from that country. Northwest wheat
receipts have also been heavy, and the so
called Wall street interest has been reported
to have been liquidating. Flour Is dull, but
the decline of 10 to 20 cents per barrel has
tended to help export business.,
WJU", or rathir rumors of war, have been
the chief subject of discussion in the Iron and
steel trade this week, and to some extent have
exerted a depressing effect on sentiment. New
demand at this . time, however, is never very
large, and conditions as a whole are healthy
and even promising. The labor outlook In iron
does not promise as well. The announcement
of the bessemer producers that they will re
duce wages 25 per cent has been met on tho
part of the men by a demand for a 10 per
cent increase. ¦¦:¦ " . • I
EASTERN.
Oats, ctls 600
FOR FRIDAY. January IS.
Flour, qr sks 3.170 Straw, tons 5
Wheat. ctl3 23,977 Shorts, ska M
Barley, ctls 27,04i Pelts, bdls 12
Oats, ctls l.bS.1 Hides, No......... 53
Beabs. sks......... 1.935 Tallow, ctls....... 209
Corn, ctls 40 Brandy, gals 1,400
Rye, ctls 380 Wine, gals 86.000
Potatoes, sks 6.316 Leather, rolls 133
Onions, sks 229 Stiver, flsks 143
Bran, sks 2.S37 Lime, bbls .... 182
Middlings, ska.... $10 Sugar, ctls 1.330
Hay, tons 735 Chicory, bbl>...... 25
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 6.S30)
Receipts of Produce.
pow^~t 1® w p * r lt>: tpriag - "^©150 per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, a T itjtc for small and TiO
6c for medium and 5Sfi5\c for large; stock
Hogs and feeders. IftOSife; dresaed Hogs. I*
©"74c . ..,¦ — * . ¦
There are indications that Hogs will com*
in more freely now. owing to the advance la
prices. The other meats rule firm at the high
prices, with continued light stocks.
b^c tor Steers and «@7% per lb
for Cows.
}lf^r Lar * e - *$*¦¦ tE °*". »««e per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Crushed. 6.2C-C; Powdered. 5.85c; Candy Gran
uUted, 6.85c; Dry Granulated. 5.75c; Confec
tioners' a, 5.75c; Magnolia A. 5.J5c; Extra c.
5.25c; Golden C. 5.15c; barrels. 10c more; halt-
Darrels. 23c more; boxes, 50c more: SO-lb bag*,
luo mere. No orders taken for less than T»
barrels or Its equivalent. Domino*, half-bar
rels. 8.50c; boxes, «.7;c per lb.
two from Australia, 52i4 tons: total. 2sT215
tons. The deliveries this week have been about
equivalent to the quantity consumed, so that
the stocks yarded will remain generally undis
turbed. The call for steam coals teema to
have enlarged the !ast few days, and may lead
to a reduction of the amount on hand, beforo
the end of the month. The strikes simulta
neously of the mines at the Gallup and Pleas
ant Valley collieries will probably force the
Southern Pacific Company and Santa Fe Com
pany to enter the market here as fuel pur
chasers, as they were drawing freely from,
the above sources last year. Coal freights
from the North are softening somewhat, and
vessels are more numerous. The last reports
from Australia show a weakening of freight
rat«=. but coal Is almost unprocurable, and
local values have advanced at Newcastle so
that th* delivery cost here will preclude ship
ments for the present. Almost all the car
goes of Australian now en route were sold
months ago, and but few names are being add
ed to the loading list. Fuel oil for future de
livery id not being so generously offered, al
though new wells are being started almost
daily. Consumers in a cumber of cases art
hesitating about changing their boilers, etc..
until they find It Is being more generally used
by their neighbors, and an assured supply
guaranteed."
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Harrison's circular says: * "During the- week
there have been four arrivals of coal from
British Columbia. 11,705 tons; four from Wash
ington, 10,300 tons; one from Oregon, 440 toss:
$13 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. 13 45
per 20CO lbs and pi 60 per ton. according to
brand. .
BAGS— San Quentin Pa^a. $"• C: Cal(*utta
Grain Bags, June and July. 6%c; Wool Bags,
2S t / i©82%c: Fleece Twine. 7%c.
¦ COAL— "Wellington. $9 per ton;' " Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $7 ; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end.^; Cumberland. $12 In bulk and m 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
nel. $10 per ton; Coke.' $15 car ton in tuiiv ua
General Merchandise.
Fall clip— San Jcaquln. 6HfTSc: do lambs, *Q
9c: Middle County, D'glOc; Northern Mountain,
free. 10@llc: Southern Mountain. 7 1 ig3Hc;
Humboldt and Mendoclno. ll®12c per lb.
HOPS— 12@16c per lb.i...
WOOL— Spring Clip is quotable as follows:
Northern, tree. 15®16c: Northern, defective, 12®
14c; Middle County, free. 15^rl«c; Middle Coun
ty, defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9@10c; Southern Mountain, free, 7
months'," 11012c; Southern Mountain, defective.
7 months*. 9<?5>llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno, 18
ei"c:- Nevada. 13316c per lb.
HIDES AND SKIN'S— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
9Ho; medium, 9c; light, 8^SUc; Cow Hides,
SV20 for heavy and S^fSHc for light; Stags, 6Q>
6^c: Salted Kip, 8c; Salted Veal, 9c: Salted
Calf, 10c: Dry Hides. 13%c; culls, 13Hc: dry
kip. 15; Dry Calf, 16@17c; culls and brands.
14c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@30c each; short
Wool. 30©3oc each; medium. 60^75c; long Wool.
T5cg$l each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50®2 75 for
large and $2®2 25 for medium, tlftl 25 for small
and 60c for colts; Horse ¦ Hides. . dry,- $1 75 for
large, $1 50 for medium. $1 25 for small and 50c
for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium ¦ skins, 30c; . winter or thin
skins, 20c. Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth. 50c; medinm. £>.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4H04MO per lb;
No. 2, 3^io: grease, 2@2%c.
Tallow has been doing better for a day or
two, and is higher. There . Is some export de
mand for it. Hides continue weak and quiet,
and stocks ar» accumulating. Wool stands as
before. .
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 8%c; thre«
half-barrels, 8c; one tierce; 7ftc; two tierces.
7%c; five tierces. 7 He per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at «%©6%c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
214c : 10-lb tins, »%o; 5-lb tins, »Tic.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 11®11% C per lb for
heavy. 11H612C for light medium. 12%@13c for
light, 13%014c for extra light and 15®i5Vic for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 11' its
12c; Mees Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess. $13;
Family, J14: extra Prime Pork. ?15©13 60; extra
clear. $19 50Q20; Mesa, $17; Smoked Beef, 13o
per pound.
Nothing new to report
HONEY— Comb. 13%011%c for bright and 12W
(ffllBc for light amber; water white extracted
7%fr8c; light amber extracted. «%©7c; dark!
6fflE l 4c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
Provisions.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, Jo;
30-408. 7c; 40-50s, 6Vie: 60-SOs. 4%c; .60- 70s, 3%c;
7O-8OS, 3'ic; 80-90s. 2%c; 90-100s. 2Vc; 100-1206,
lV&c; rubles. Uc premium; Sonomas. .He and
San Joaqulns %c less than" Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same. Apri
cots. 6<5So for Royals and 10®10Hc for Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples. 686c; sun-dried.
3Vitf?4'£c: Peaches. 4®oo for standard, 6©6c for
choice and 6»4@7c for fancy; Pears. 237c:
Plums, pitted. 5©«%c; unpitted. l@H4c; Nec
tarines. 5@5%c for red and 6H®6c for white.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12o
per lb; choice, lie: standard, 8%c; prime Jc
unbleached Thompson's, 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, 104c per lb; choice. 9Hc; standard. S*ic;
prime. 8c; unbleached Sultanas. 8c: Seedier
50-lb boxes, 6'/4c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers
2-crown. Jl W per box: 3-crown. Jl 60; Fancy
Clusters. J2; Deheea. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices f. ' o. b. at common shipping points In
California. - -1
NUTS— Chestnuts, 9@10o per lb for Italian
hardshell. 10o: No. 2. 7»/4c: Almonds. 12@13c for
paperBhell, 9Slle for softshell; Peanuts. 6@ttc
for Eastern: Brazfl Nuts, 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans llWUc; Cocoanuts. J3 6O@5.
Two cars of Oranges were auctioned, as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, 11 25®2; choice do. Jl 23®
1 70; Standard, $1 0501 35; Grape Fruit, fancy
large. $2.
Fine Navel Oranges ar« firm, but all other
Oranges are quiet and easy. Lemons are
lower again and plentiful. There is no change
in Limes.
Bananas continue to decline, supplies being
beyond the capacity of the market.
Spltzenberg Apples are getting scarce, and
dealers think that a fine lot would bring $2,
but there are few of this description here.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS —
APPLES — S5«J65c per box for common and 75c
<8>?1 50 for good to cholc?; PpItT'Pnborgs, $1 25©
1 75; Oregon Spltzenb^-gfl. {1 E0@l 75.
PEARS— 50c@$l 50 per box.
CRANBERRIES— Wisconsin*. J13 50: Cape
Cod. *14 per barrel.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, J1*J2;
Seedlings, B)c6U; Tangerines, nominal; Man
darins. 75c©$l; Lemons, 25c«$l 25 for common
and $1 5002 for good to choice; Grape Fruit.
f.ncflW DO: Moxicnn Limes, $4 .Wg5; California
Limes, 25333c; Bananas, 25c® $1 per bunch;
Pineapples, 75c@J2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits. Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There was no further decline In Butter and
creamery extras were quoted firm, while the
medium and lower descriptions were still
quoted depressed, with free supplies.
Eggs were steady. Receipts are sufficient
without being heavy, and a good demand keeps
stocks from accumulating.
Cheese is still reported weak.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 32,600 pounds Butter, 570 cases California
Eggs. cases Eastern Eggs, 694* pounds
California Cheese and ¦ pounds Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Extras. 20c; firsts. 13c; seconds.
17c.
Dairy— Extras, 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, 13c.
Storage— Creamery extras. 19c; firsts. He;
seconds. ; dairy extras. ——.
Pickle— 17c per lb. - V. " .
Keg— 18c per lb.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. 12c; choice.
10c; common, nominal; Young Americas,
12c; Eastern, full cream. 1Z<S1&.-:C per lb.
EGOS—
California ranch— Selected white, 25c; mixed,
colors, 23c per dozen.
California gathered— Selected. 22c; standard.
20c; seconds, . ; '.': -
Fiesh Eastern — Fancy, ; standard. ;
pecomls, . -*\- ¦-,'.:¦
Storage— California fancy. ; standard, ;
Eastern fancy. 20c; standard, ; seconds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of Dressed Turkeys were over 50
cases. Prices stood about the same. Lira
Turkeys were extremely dull. In fact, the
wbole Poultry market was depressed and
weak, with free receipts from the State and «
cars In from the East thus far this week.
Receipts of Game were about 140 sacks, most
ly Hare. Canvasbacks were plentiful and
cheap, but other Ducks were In light supply
and very firm.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10@Uo for Gob
blers and ll'ul2Vic fcr Hens: Dressed Turkeys.
13®lSc; Geese, per pair, *1 7 5® 2; Goslings, tl 75
ii'i; Ducks, J4@5 for oi<l and Jlvg'6 for young;
Hens, $3 60@5; Young Roosters. J4 6005; Old
Roosters. $3 E0@4; Fryers. IIQ6; Broilers,
HQA 10 for large and 13 ff 3 CO for small;
Pigeons, $1@1 25 per dozen for old, and $2 25
Q'l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, Jl 25 for Valley and |2 25 for
Mountain; Mallard. $3@4: Canvasback. J3®3 50;
Sprig, $3® 3 75: Teal, K®3 25: Widgeon. $1 75®
2; Small Duck. U 25<S1 SO: Black Jack, $1 ZHi
1 75; Gray Geese. J3 50; White Geese. 11^1 50;
Brant, $1 50 for small and $2@2 50 for large;
Honkers, $4 5033; English Snipe, $2; Jack
Snipe, $1 50; Hare. $1 25: Rabbits. II 50 for Cot
tontail and $1 for Brush; Doves, 75c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
35@50c for River and 85c@$t 10 per ctl for
Salinas and 75c<fIJl 12& for Oregon; Gainet
Chiles, from Oregon, 90c@*l 10; Sweets, $10
1 10 for Merced.
• ONIONS— (1 90®2 25 per ctl; Cut Onions, $1 25
@1 60 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus from Sacramento,
12%#25c per lb; Green Peas. 5S6c per lb; String
Beans, 8@loo; Cabbage, 90c; Tomatoes, Los
Angeles, $1 60®2 25 per crate; Egg Plant. Loa
Angeles. 10@15c per lb; Green Peppers. Los
Aigeles, 8@10c per lb for Chile and 12%gi3c
for Bell; Dried Peppers. S@llc; Dry Okra. 10
S15c per lb; Carrots, 26@35c per box; Hothous«
icumbers. tl 60®2 EO per dozen; Summer
Squash, $1 50*32 per box; Garlic, 4c per lb;
Marrowfat Squash. H2g20 per ton; Mushrooms,
7&315o per lb.
POTATOES- Early Rose, 65®73c; Burbanks,
There Is not much new. except that Sacra
mento Asparagus is coming In every day now.
Potatoes are fairly steady, though receipts are
free. Onions and Sweet Potatoes rule firm,
with light stocks.
sharply. Colored Beans continue quirt and
unchanged. The sales of White to the Gov
ernment amount to 260,000 pounds.
¦ EEANS-Bayof. J3 60@2 70; Small White.
$4 60@4 S5: Large White, |3 S5@4 05; Pink. $2 15
@2 25; Red, J2 73@3; Blackeye, J3; Umai, $5 65
@5 75: Pea. cleaned up and nominal; Red Kid
ney. $3 73@* per ctl.
SHEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Tellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. }2 50@3; Canary, Zhifi
3*c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7^@9Hc; Rape. 2©
2%c: Hemp. 3%©S%c; Timothy. 6%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. J2@2 50; Green. J2 70©
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 19, 1901.
Foreign Fjitures.
Bank Clearings.
New York Grain and' Produce.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
Continued on Page Thirteen
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWSTACOMA, Jan. IS.— retermaxf s sash and
door factory on South Jffferson avenue, burned
to-<lay. Loss, JbOOO; no insurance.'
Columbia Minstrels' Entertainment.
/ The Columbia Minstrels gave an enter
tainment last night at Odd Fellows' Hall.
They presented; "A Night In Bohemia."
which, aiinough devoid of the semblance
of a plot,' afforded each > member an op
portunity to Show his ability in different
character parts. A social dance followed
-. PORTJ LUr>XX>W— Arrived .. Jan 18— Br stmr
CaltTTnpKS, <- from Taku.T \Jfttfv%t*ie^tB» jWMMgd
'- POKT. I/>S ANOELES— Sailed Jan IS— Stmr
San Mateo, ' for Nanalmo.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
IfStelC' ¦'.- -DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRATS HARBOR— Sailed Jan 17— Schr Bertha
Dolbeer.- for San Francisco."- Jan IS — Schr Veg-a,
for San Francisco; schr A B Johnson, for Syd
ney; Vsclir : Salvator, ¦ for > San ¦ Pedrtv
Arrlvo<*t rJan * 17~Schr ' Lena.'! Sweasey, / henco
Jan 8;'*chr ChturF) Falk. from Honolulu. Jan
IS— Stmr W ; H .Kruger. ; hence Jan ' 15.
E Anton Sehlott. a chemist, was adjudged
puilty of contempt of court by Judge Heb
i«js«rd yesterday for his failure to obey an
larder directing him to pay his former wife
v'Imony. An attachment for his arrest
was Issued and will be served- to-day.
Mary E. Pleasant, otherwise known as
"Mammy." for years the guardian of the
'•house of mystery" — the home of the
RHls— was made the defendant in an ac
tion filed yesterday by the Santa Rosa
Eavlngs Bank to recover J3000 on a promis
sory note.
The application of Henrietta Brand for
a writ of injunct'on against all of the local
hanks to retrain them from releasing any
stocks and bonds that may have been
placed with them by L. Brand, her trus
tee, who went East ome time ago, was
argued brfore Judge Seawell yesterday
and submitted for decision. The stocks
In question are valued at $54.0u0. and the
filaintiff alleges that Brand's action in
leaving the city without Informing her as
to their whereabouts Is sufficient cause to
sustain her right to an injunction and the
appointment of a receiver to take the se
curities in charpe.
The petition of George Bates for a writ
of mandate to compel the Board of Edu
cation to reinstate him as assistant In-
Mructor of Latin In the, Mission High
Srhool is on hearing before Judge Hunt.
pates claims he was placed on the unas
fV:gr,ed list by the board without authority
of law. Madame President Klncald was
called to the stand and read the proceed
ings of the board taken at the time when
Hates was retired from the active list-
Argument will be heard next Friday.
James B. Moraghan secured an order
from Judge Seawell yesterday permitting
him to transfer his interest in the estate
*>1 his dcreased mother, Julia A. Mora
phan, to the Moraghan Oyster Company
This action will in no way affect the
claims of Moraghan'a wife in her action
for a property settlement. Judge 8eawe!l
alpo ordered Moraghan to pay his wife
5100 for attorney's fees, 525 alimony forth
with and S25 a month alimony pending the
disposition of her action for divorce.
Court Notes.
NEW DIRECTOR FOR,
SOUZTHERN PACIFIC
Position Will Probably Be Filled by
J. D. Probst, Who Recently
Resigned.
; NEW YORK, Jan. 19.— At a special
meeting of the stockholders of the South
ern Pacific Company to-day the number
of directors was increased from eleven to
twelve.
The additional directorship will be filled
at a future meeting probably by the elec
tion of J. D. Probst, who resigned a few
weeks ago in order that President Charles
M. Hays might be made a member of tho
board without delay. Inasmuch aa Presi
dent Hays will remain on the Pacific
Coast most of the time it was deemed
desirable to have another Eastern di
rector. •
VON BLUCHERS HEIRS
TO FORTUNE IN GERMAOTT
AUSTIN, Tex.. Jan. 18.— The five chil
dren of Felix A. von Blucher. a grand
nephew of the renowned General von
Blucher, who saved the day at Waterloo,
have received legal notices from Germany
that they are heirs to a fortune estimated
at from $300,000 to W.000.000. left them by
relatives in that country. These flve for
tunate heirs reside In Nueces County,
Tex., where their father, who died about
twenty years ago, lived for many years.
The heirs axe County Surveyor Charles F.
H. von Blucher, George- A. von Blucher,
Richard P. von Blucher, Mrs. Charles A.
Meuly and Miss Julia A. von Blucher.
Gardiner Gets Decision.
WEIR CITY, Kans., Jan. 13.— Oscar
Gardiner of Omaha sot the decision over
Tommy DIxon of Rochester. N. T.. at the
end of the tenth round here to-night.
Board of Education Will Establish
New Class in the Starr King 1
School.
Tne Board of Education has made an
examination regarding the attendance In
the Starr Kitig Primary School and an
additional cla*s win in all probability be
otabltalied there. It was ascertained that
v.nilr the overflow in the eleven classes
ivas hardly sunif-i«»nt to warrant another
Hassroom. still the principal was of the
opinion that the attendance would In
m-ase as the weather improved and
enough pupils would bo available to form
the class at the end of this month. Miss
K. O. Fullivan Is next on the eligible list
for assignment. This will make Jive addi
tional classes, four having been estab
limned in the Redding. Grant. Sherman and
I »udl«»y Stone schools, to which Ml«s Mav
O Itrien Miss V. CassMjr. Miss L. Smith-
Fon and Miss N. Gambltz will be assigned
for <3uty.
MORE TEACHERS ASSIGNED
TO REGULAR POSITIONS
FEDERAL GRAND JURY
PRESENTS INDICTMENTS
Two Counterfeiters, a Mail Clerk and
an Alleged Bribing Japanese
the Victims.
The Federal Grand Jury made Its first
report for the term yesterday In the
United States District Court. They found
indictments as follows:
M. S. Morll, a Japanese, for attempting to
l-rlbe Captain H. H. Schell, Immigrant ln-
Eftctor, to Influence his decision and allow a
Japanese woman named Naka Tama.ca.fhl to
re Illegally landed from the steamer City of
Peking on January 2. F. P. J. Cunane, a
rraillng clerk In station D, San Francisco, for
stealing a S5 gold piece on November 9 from
a letter addressed to W. F. Charters at As
toria, Or., and for destroying the letter. Em
mttt Benton Frltch and William Benton
Frltch for counterfeiting 360 $10 pieces <*nd
several CO cent pieces found In their posses
sion, and molds for the manufacture of. coun
terfeit coin.
The charge against Edwin S. Jones of
sending a scurrilous letter through tho
mails was ignored.
LELAND RECEIVES HIS
COMMISSION AS CORONER
Will Assume His Duties This Morn-
ing and Appoint Dr. Baciga
lupi Autopsy Surgeon.
I>r. Thomas B. W. Leland received hia
commission as Coroner from Mayor Phe
lan yesterday. Coroner Leland will as
sume the duties of the office this morning
and will immediately appoint Dr. L. IX
Baclgalupl to be autopsy surgeon, the po
sition held by Leland under Coroner Cole.
Coroner Leland will make no other
changes In the office. Hia commission aa
Coroner was filed Immediately with the
Civil Service Commission and the Audi
tor, as the charter provides.
Mrs. Fiske and Company Sere.
Mrs. Fiske, who opens an engagement
in "Becky Sharp" at the California
Theater Monday night, arrived in this city
yesterday. She has taken apartments at
the Palace. This Is Mrs. Fiske-'s first trip
to the coast In eleven yeara. When last
here she appeared In a subordinate part
at the Alcazar. There are thlrty-slx
members In Mrs. Flske's company, all of
whom are in the city.
THE third annual banquet of 'tl>e
Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association of California was
held last evening at the Palace
Hotel and the gathering was re
markable in many ways. Men distin
guished In commercial, political and pro
fessional life gathered around the festive
board to do honor to the. distinguished
guest . of the evening, President 'Charles
M. Hays of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, and If all the predictions made
last night are to come true San Francisco
and California will witness the most re
markable era of prosperity and good fel
lowship ever known in the history of any
municipality. * . •
Many prominent citizens made speeches
after the banquet and each one. referred
in the highest terms to the new president
of the railroad company. Whenever the
name of President Hays was mentioned
it was greeted with loud and continued
applause.
The banquet was served In the main
dining-room of the Palaco and the room,
was decorated with flags and potted
palms. One long table ran the entira
length of the room, the president of the
association, A. Sbarboro, being seated .it
the center of the table. On his left was
seated President Hays of the Southern
Pacilic, while Mayor Phelan sat at his
right. At the president's table also were
R H Lloyd, F. W. Dohrmann, J. B.
Stetson, Irving M. Scott. General W.
R. Shatter. Georgro A. Knight, W. H.
Crocker, Daniel Meyer, General W. H.
L. Barnes, W. H. Mills, J. A. Fillmore,
A. W. Foster, James G'. Magrulre. W. M.
Bunker, J. Kruttschnitt, H. P. Sonntag
and Claus SprecUels.
Seven tables ran at right angles from
the president's table and tho guests, pre
vious to the serving of the -banquet, gath
ered In groups and passed a pleasant half
hour From 7 to 9 an elaborate menu was
partaken of, while an orchestra dis
coursed sweet music. At the close of the
dinner a flashlight photograph was taken
of the guests as they sat at the tables
and then President Sbarboro arose . to
make the first address of the evening.
In addressing the assembled guests,
President Sbarboro said:
We have met this evening at the festal board
to celebrate the seventh anniversary of the
foundation of our association. While time
will not permit me to relate to you the good
that the association has done for San Fran
cisco and for California I will merely say that
one of the principal objects for which It was
organised was to Induce our people to use
home-made goods, quality and price being
purpose we made an exhibition some
vears aro <if the products and the manufac
tures of California In the - Mechanics" Pavil
ion and there we demonstrated we could pro
duce In California better products and manu-
I aoture better goods than in any part of the
world.
President Sbarboro then dwelt upon the
question of adulterated foods and the ef
forts of the association to remedy the evil.
Both the State and Federal governments
were pledged to pass bills to enforce the
pure food laws. Another grave subject
was that of v prison-made goods from the
East which had flooded the local market
In late years.
President Sbarboro then proposed tho
health of the President of tho United
States. William McKinley, which was re
sponded to with loud cheers, all the
guests rising from their seats and joining
in singing the national air to an accom
paniment by the orchestra. President
Mr. Wooster alleged in his complaint
that Helton had been removed from the
Appraisers' department for returning in
accurate wrights and for making frequent
mistakes, "tt'ooster added that he had fre
quently r*>primand»d Belton for his care
,V fi-«mss and Inattention to duty, which
y -d become proverbial.
Mr. Wooster complained that Belton had
exhibited in the weigher's room during
<jfHce hour? a letter written by himself,
in which he charged Wooster with being
unpopular with the assistant weighers and
inspectors, antagonizing Importers, show
ir.p gross fax-oritism in making details
and incompetent in the discharge of his
duties.
tive to Duty.
Owing to a charge of insubordination
preferred by Chief Weigher F. L. Woos
ter. Assistant Weigher P. M. Belton was
suspended yesterday for ten days by Cus
toms Collector Stratton.
Being Insubordinate and Inatten-
ASSISTANT WEIGHER
BZLTON STTSPENDED
Accused by His Superior Officer of
County Attorney Dismisses Charge
Against the Now Famous Kan
sas Saloon-Smasher.
WICHITA. Kans.. Jan. lS.-County At
torney Coniey has dismissed the charges
against Mrs. Carrie Nation. He says:
"The defendant labors under a delusion
to such an extenfas to be practically irre
sponsible. The mind of the defendant is
much impaired and further confinement
In jail would not improve -her condition of
mind." /
DECIDES MBS. NATION
IS IRRESPONSIBLE
In closing General Barnes advised
President Hays that the future might not
always present fair weather and clear
skies, but that If stormy weather should
arise he might count on the help of the
business community of California.
The guests present at the banquet were
as follows: -
Charles It. Allen, Irvln Ayres, I. S. Acker
man, George N. Armsby, A. Almagla.
Paolo Barblerl, Fred II. Beaver, W. A. Ben
der, John F. Bigelow, Samuel W. Backus, H.
M. Brlttan, E. Boesch, R. I. Bentley, W. F.
Bowers, T. J. Barbour, James H. Barry. James
Brown, General W. H. L. Barnes, Francis J.
Baker, George W. Brooks, Charles E. Ban
croft, C. J. Bowen, A. S. Baldwin, Frank H.
Buck, Benjamin Bangs, Edward A. Belcher,
T. B. Bishop. William M. Bunker.
J. P. Currier, M. H. Cook, C. C. Cook, O. W.
Crawford, Allen M. Clay, D. W. Crowley,
George F. Cavalll, G. D. Clark, C. H. Crocker,
William J. Casey. Julius Calm, J. C. Camp
bell, C. W. Coburn, Edward Chambers, An
drew Carrlgan, Edward Coleman, William H.
Crocker, H. M. Cochran. '
W. T. Dlnwoodey, William A. Doble, Clinton
Pay, F. W. Dohrmann, W. G. Dodd. Dr. Paolo
de Vecchl, R. i D. Davis.
Edward Everett, J. C. Bverdlng, William
Edwards, E. C. Emery, Jacob Eppinger, Victor
Englnger. 'Wallace W. Everett, L. H. Eck
hanlt.
• A. W. Foster, G. R. Field, J. A. Fllcher.
J. Richard Freud, J. A. Flllmore, S. Feder
splel. N. H. Fetter, David Freldenrich, S.
Feuchtwanger, M. J. Fcntana, Herbert Fleisch
hacker, 8. Feder, John Faubel.
N. B. Greensfelder, George Goodman. W.
Gregg Jr., T. H. Goodman, W. L. Growall.
F. W. Hall, William L. Hughson, R. B.
Hule, A. J. Hechtman, - John Hoey, Charles
Hoey, Edward II. Horton, E. L. ileuter,
Charles M. Hays. W. F. Herrtn, W. Hood,
Brace Hayden, John W. Heldt, W. Hanson.
S. C. . Irving, George h. Ismon.
C. R. Johnson, Rufus P. Jennings, Isldor
Jacobs, J. Jenkln, P. L. Johnson.
Walter N. Kelly, James W. Kerr. Fred J.
Koster, • E. H. Klttredge. George A. Knight.
L. M. King, J. Kruttschnitt, John M. Klein,
C. W. Kellogg.
E. R. Llllenthal. H. D. Loveland, William
I^ewls, J. M. Long:, C. S. Laumeleter, O. • d«
La tour. Reuben H. Lloyd.' .'•
C. A. Malm, J. A. Morrow, C. A. Malm Jr.
C. F. Michaels, L. R. Mead. P. McO. MoBean,
I. ; F. Moulton, W." H. Metson, R O. McCor
mlck. W. *H. Mills, Daniel Meyer, L. J. Mc-
Donald. Percy T. Morgan. P. A. McDonald,
W. - Mackintosh, Hon. James O. Magulre, L.
L. Morse. A. J. McNIcoll. « Dr. George A.
Moore. "
F-f^V. Nelson. David Neustadter. Captain
Charles Nelson. H. P. Nyo. J. W. Nelson.
A. N. Peach, Van R. Paterson, ¦ John : Part
ridge, L H, Plerson, H. F. Peraau, • Hon.
James D. Phelan, ; Carlo Pedrettl. Horace O.
Platt, George Panario.-E. S. Pillstmry, E. C.
Palmlerl. . .
- James ¦ Rankln, W. P. . Redlngrton. ! Henry
Rosenfeld, P. C. Rossi. Henry J. Rogers. John
G. Rapp, T. Alexander Richmond, G. F. Rich
ardson, R. X. Ryan, A. C. Rulofson, Chevalier
Egtsto Rossi. ¦ ¦ . ¦
Rudolph Spreckels. F. P. Sherman, Mai
Schmidt, W. M. Sims, W. W. Stocker, Charles
D. Btelger,: F. Schumacher, Carl H. Schmidt
A. L. Scott. - W. D. Shepman, J. C. Sola, L
Eartorl, E» Scott. David R. Sessions. J. B. Stet
son, ¦ B. - EX -- Severns, Irving M. ; Scott, R. 8.
ShaJnwald,' T. 'P. '.-. Smith. Horace ¦ L. Sartorl
Herry . P. i Sonntag, Claus Spreckels, - General
William R. Shatter, H. L. Smith, J.C. Stubbe
William . Sproule. A. D. Shephard, R. p.
Schwertn, George W. Scott, 8. C. Scheellne.- A.
Sbarboro. Dr. Henry J." Sartori. "_-- Alfred E.
Sbarboro, Romolo • Sbarboro, Bdw. - R, Swain
James A.: Salts.
; A. 8. Tubbs,' Oeoree D.'Toy, C. P. Thurston,
I. J. Truman, Arthur O. Towbe. ' John Thompl
son. Frank ¦ W. i Trower. urf —attm '¦' u*n y*
A. H. ,Va!l,;R-:H. Van Sant, Frank A., Vail.
--A.; W. Wllson^WIlllam^M. Weil, James K.
Wilson. C. F. • Weber, A. J. Wagner, James
M.~ Wright, George L. Walker. .William Wolff
Colonel George H. Wallls,. William R. Wneeler.
W. H. Wells, -A. A. Watkins. Charles S.
Wheeled Thomas J. .Welsh, : George < E. Wll
eon, Richard I. Whelan, W.I. Wilson.
Alfred : H. Yordl.'. Carlos • G. Young.
F. Zan; J." Zflfcrman, : M. - A. \ Zan.
gether, but It would be\hard to tell which
one would get up with ihe other inside of
him. Passing from a jocund vein to a
serious one Mr. Platt complimented Presi
dent Hays and lauded the work of tho
Southern Pacific road. A tribute was paid
by Mr. Platt to the late C. P. Huntington,
and his associates, who had carried an
enormous burden to a ripe old age. In
closing Mr. Platt created a hearty laugh
by saying: "111 fares the land where com
merce accumulates and lawyers decay."
Percy T. Morgan replied to the ( toast of
"The Viticultural Industry of California*
and James H. Barrv spoke on "Capital
and Labor."
The last toast was "The Press," uo
which General W. H. L. Barnes replied.
General Barnes dwelt upon the great
work accomplished by the press and said
that all development in human knowledge
was for the benefit of the press In spread-
Ing enlightenment. It was a blessed hour
for the world when Guttenburg discovered
movable type. The reader of a news
paper did not realize tho enormous under
taking represented in a dally paper. The
capacity of the press vas" beyond compar
ison and the gentlemen who dwelt in high
places according to Mayor Phelan were
often abused. It would be a time of glad
ness when the weapon of libel would fall
and Justice should reign in the office of
every newspaper. It was a matter of
great satisfaction that the press had
spoken well of President Hays, who had
evidently brought about the dawn of the
millennium.
: -• Horace ' G: - Platt ' spoko < on "Commerce
and *¦¦. the ¦ - Law." Tho " well-known . . lega I
light and'; Bohemian . was . at • his best : and
the'- witty; remarks -he; made created* the
heartiest = laughter. -,; In good-natured.man
ner < he ; chaffed v the ; previous ; speakers and
hope'd ; that f commerce * would •«¦ never ,• be
able to do without** tho law.xThe merchant
and, the railroad should- be like the lion
and ; : the lamb; ¦= they ¦- should : lie down - to-
At the close of the address of President
Hays the guests rose and Joined In the re
frain. "For He's a Jolly Good Fellow."
Irving, M. Scott was then called upon to
soeak on . the subject of "The Manufac
turing Interests of the State..'
Mr. scott dwelt upon the remarkable
development of California and what^ had
been achieved In every direction in forty
years. The ship-building industry • had
flourished - and Is now reaching for the
championship of the world. The time Is
surely coming when the Pacific Ocean will
b« as well filled with shipping as Is the
Atlantic. San Francisco is bound to be
come .the -center of .- The
speaker. paid a high tribute to President
Hays and predicted that his career would
prove of great benefit to the State. : If the
people of the 'State are true to their prin
ciples they would - leave a noble heritage
to their, children. ,'... x
•W H.y- Mills responded to the toast,
"The Producers of California." He quoted
figures to show the remarkable develop
ment in the various Industries. The peo
ple of California had - great difficulties ¦ to
contend ' with In the way of con
ditions and want, of - labor. They had
surmounted these problems and had made
the land flourish. California will reach
the highest development ever; reached by
a country 7 in the history of : the world.
There .is but one- America and, but one
California and: with 'the help' of . God the
prosperity >' the r State 'now 'enjoys will
continue In dignity, and peace. -
This gathering to-night Is a good omen. We
ought to come together more frequently. We
should understand each other. It would be
better If we all went out to the Band hills and
buried our hammers and hatchets. Wo must
on theso occasions commend ourselves, for
other* will not do so. In fifty years we have
progressed from the stage of slow development
to that of great enterprise. Our people an1
our products have attained eminence abroad.
We have nothing to apologize for in welcom
ing our guests to San Francisco, not even our
charter. Our honored guest, ¦ President Hays,
has come her© to find business and to care for
It. Merchants should welcome him and all
friction should be set aside. - He has come
here to serve the Interests of the community
with which his road does business. The State
cannot progress without - the railroad or the
railroad without the State. We are beginning
a new era, for the interests of the railroad
are those of the. State. In the. name of* San
Francisco I welcome you, Mr. Hays.
The Introduction of President Hays of
the Southern Pacific by ¦ President Sbar
boro evoked applause which lasted fully
three minutes. With the return of silence
President Hays said:
Mr. Chairman and gentlemen: If California
needed any indorsement that It was a good
place to live in. I have found it here to-night.
This great gathering Is In honor of your pros.
perlty. I am glad to claim San Kruntlsco as
my future home and am delighted to be with
you to-night. Frequent meetings of this kind
are good for all ¦ who take part In them. X
pledge myself and - the staff of the railroad
to attend all the banquets we possibly can.
I have been asked to speak on the functions
of the raHroad. That is a big task and my
remarks will bo brief. Whatever the lawyers
may say as to the functions of a railroad, the
public always decides that question. From a
railroad standpoint the function of a railroad
Is to serve the public in the best manner pos
sible consistent with Its duty: to its stockhold
ers. A« ' far as the . company I represent- Is
concerned, that will always be Its policy. Our
lrtereetn are allied to yours. Wo cannot quar
rel, without hurting each other. We will do
all in our power to assist you In developing
the resources of your wonderful State. The
beacon which shall guide us will be California,
the Pacific Coast and San Francisco, • and we
will so tell the whole world.' There ar» many
nays In which a railroad can assist a com
munity. Our road may not have pursued this
policy always. It may have been actuated by
selfleh motives sometimes. An association such
as ' youra Is one > In which the \ railroad must
have «very faith and sympathy. Tour, inter
ests and ours are clossly woven together. W«
will help you develop,' jour Interests and. you
will help us to develop ours. Gentlemen, I
thank you for your attention.
Mayor Phelan, In responding to the
toast, said that San FYancisco was proud
of the' association, which was the result
of a century «f civilization. . He often
wondered why people flocked to San Fran
cisco, for not long ago it was an obscure
city on the edge of the continent. Re
cently Eastern papers had stated that San
Francisco had been destroyed by a storm,
and In Its obituary notice had said that
the city possessed a few good buildings.
No mention had. been made of tho superb
system of. street railroads or the many
gas and electric works in existence. Noth
ing had been- said of the great City Hall,
with its towering dome, the highest in the
land. Not even a reference had been made
to the new charter or the new president
of the Southern Pacific road, all of which
were parts of San *Tanclsco's greatness.
Continuing, the Mayor said:
Sbarboro then read a congratulatory tele
gram which had been sent to President
McKinley in which the association looked
forward with pleasure to welcoming the
nation's chief executive to California.
President Sbarboro then dwelt upon the
fact that at the previous banquets many
distinguished persons had been present as
guests of honor, and that on the present
occasion the association had the pleasure
of welcoming the new president of the
Southern Pacilic Railroad and others
equally distinguished. Loud cheers fol
lowed the mention of th'e name of the rail
road president. President Sbarboro then
called upon Mayor Phelan to address the
gathering and proposed the toast of "Wel
come to Our Guests From San Francisco."
The Civil Service Commission yesterday
tried the case of J. F. Lajianey, an eligible
food inspector, against whom charges
were filed by the Health Board. The
names of Lahaney. Daniel Reardon and
O. S. Mlsh have been certified for ap
pointment as food inspector, but neither
of them is acceptable to the board, which
desires to appoint J. T. Silvera, who is
next on the eligible list. If Lahaney is
excluded from the list Silvera's appoint
ment will be made pos3!ble. The board al
leges that Lahaney was once a food in
spector and was dismissed for filing false
reports. Health Officer O'Brien, Chief San
itary Inspector Chalmers, Dr. Hassler
and Dr. Buckley, members of the Health
Board, testified to that effect. ! C. W
Gould. J. Tracy and M. J. Cunningham
were also placed on the witness stand,
but no evidence was adduced *hat Laha
ney had maliciously falsified the report.
The commission therefore declined to take
Lahaney from the eligible list.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
appointed Henry Farauharson from the
civil service eligible list to be clerk In tha
Bureau of Streets. Farquharson succeeds
M. K. Cummings, who failed to pass high
enough in the examination to be certified
for one of the eight clerkships. Cum
mings. however, was retained aa an office
assistant and this was resrarded an an
evasion of the civil service by the Civil
Service Commission, which directed the
board to make the necessary requisition
for the vacant clerkship, which resulted
in Cummings' resignation.
Health Board Seeks to Exclude J. F.
Lahaney From List to Appoint
J". T. Silvera.
HEAR CHARGES AGAINST
CIVIL SERVICE ELIGIBLE
Train Laden With Explosives Takes
Fire, Retarding the Work of
Rescuers.
NORWAY. Me., Jan. 1S.-A head-on col
lision between freight trains on the Grand
Trunk Railroad near Lockes Mill early to
day resulted in tho death of five men ami
the serious injury of several others, wh'li
four locomotives and twelve cars were de
molished. Both trains were very heavy
each being drawn by two engines.
The dead:
THOMPSON, engineer, Mon-
WILL ROSS, fireman.
W. C. OLIVER, brakeman. Bangor.
Two unknown tramps.
One of the trains had a large quantity
of explosives on board. The cars took fire
and explosions scattered the embers in all
directions and prevented effective work in
putting out the blaze.
FIVE IX7ES LOST IN
HEAD-ON COLLISION
WEST POINT. N. Y.. Jan. 13.-The Con
gressional committee will probably finish
its« Investigation at tho military academy
to-morrow.
Cadet A. J. Lynch of New York was
thoroughly examined to-day by the com
mltteemen, as he is looked upon as th»
authority on fighting at the academy.
\V hen General Dick began to question him,
he became argumentative and shook hi*
nnger at.the chairman several times when
parrying some of the general's mild re
pr ,°? 3 ' ,_ Al Umes h e leaned across tho
table which separated him from the chair
man s table while he spoke In an Insolent
manner to the general. He upheld the West
Point fighting code, and: declared that ho
would fight any man of his size and
weight, and said that any man who would
r.ot do likewise was not fit to join tha
flrmj'.
General Dick exhibited a good deal of
forbearance, but finally gave up his ques
tioning In unconcealed disgust after h«
had given the "fustic expert" a sound
piece of advice.
For the first time during th» Investi
gation it was shown to-day that there are
cadets in the first class who. from th«
time they came here as "plebes." hav»
been opposed to hazing and fighting. Ca
det Francis W. Clarke of Illinois testified
to this and said that these practices*
should be abolished. - He was compli
mented by Mr. Driggs. who said that
Clarke was a credit to the academy.
Shakes His Finger at General Dick
and Offers to Fight Any Man *
of His Size.
INSOLENT DEMEANOR
OF CADET LYNCH
Postofflce Changes and List of Pen
sions Issued. ;
WASHINGTON, Janl IS.— Postmasters
commissioned: California— Thomas Star
buck, Armada: Raymond D. Lawrence,
Inglewood; Gllla S. Meacham. Bryson.
Oregon-^Frederick Dodson, Waterville.
Pensions Issued: California;' Original —
Henry H. Taylor, Ophlr, $6: Almeron F.
Bice, Santa Rosa, $t>; Warren M. Fales,
El Dorado, $6; James L. Stewart, Towle,
$6; Christian Schroeder, Samoa. $6: Frank
H. Just, San Francisco. $10; John Zimmer
man,"' Monrovia, $12. ' Additional— Thomar
K. Parkinson, Riverside, J8. Increase-
John Kearn, vallejo, $10; August Kauff
man, San Francisco, $8. Original widow —
Kuphama R. Slbert, San Francisco, $8.
Reissue— Arivilla V. Vinsmann, Orange,
$12. Mexican war survivor, increase—Jon
athan Wright, Monterey, $12. War with I
Spain— Harry Howe, Merced, $6.
Oregon:' Original — Henry E. Collins. To
ledo, $S. : Restoration and Increase— Jesse
Craig (dead), Lentz, $8.
Washington: Original— James E. Van
dorn,; Spokane, $6. - Original widow — So
phira : Hardenburg-, ' Lakeside, $3. War
with . Spain, original— William D. Coving
ton, Seattle, $14.
take Contracts.
•WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— The- Board of
Construction decided to-day to eliminate
numerous requirements from tho specifi
cations of the projected sheathed battle
ships in order that the successful bidders
may undertake contracts.
? This action Is In lino with the wishes of
the Bath Iron Works, Newport News
Company and Moran Brothers. .
Secretary Long to-day preliminarily ac
.cepted the torpedo-boat Stockton, built
by the Trigs Company of Richmond. On
her preliminary trial this vessel made a
speed of 25.75 knots an hour. Her contract
called for 26 knots. Her displacement,
however, was greater than It should have
been, and experts figured that had It been
less she would have made the required
speed. '
INTEHESTS THE COAST.
Board of Construction Will Permit
Successful Bidders to TTnder-
Offer Rewards. for the Apprehension
of the Men Who Burned
Fred Alexander.
SEATTLE. Jan. IS.— The Seattle branch
of the International Council of the World,
an organization of colored citizens, at a
meeting held- to-night in this city, de
cided to offer a reward of $500 for the ap
prehension and conviction of each and
every person Implicated in the death by
violence of Fred Alexander at Leaven
worth, Kans., on Thursday night. Copies
of tho resolutions passed at the meeting
will be forwarded to the Governor of Kan
sas, the Sheriff of Leavenworth County
and the Chief of Police of Leavenworth.
The other councils throughout the coun
try ore asked to co-operate In the work.
SPECIFICATIONS FOR
BATTLESHIPS CHANGED
COLORED MEN TO WAGE
r WAR AGAINST LYNCHERS
SEATTLE. Jan. 18.— Glen Dumont Slzer,
who, up to two weeks ago, was a col
lector in the employ of the Sunset Tele
phone and Telegraph Company, has dis
appeared from his home at 113 Twenty
eighth avenue. It has developed that he
was in debt about $2200, having borrowed
from friends In the city. At the office
of the telephone company it was ascer
tained to-day that Slzer has borrowed
money from some of the employes there
also.
Henry L. Slzer, father of the young
man, does not deny that his son Is in
trouble. It is said that young Slzer is
now in California, Sizer acted as a sort
of money broker and loaned small sums
about town for 6 per cent a month, re
ceiving 2 per cent as his commission. He
got tangled up in these transactions. Ha
also lost a great deal of money in playing
slot machines, and his losses are largely
attributed to this gambling habit.
Disappears From Seattle After Bor
rowing Various Sums From
His Friends.
TELEPHONE COMPANY
COIiliECTOE, MISSING
day Superior Judge N. H. Conklin • disa
greed with Judge Trask of Los Angeles
in his Interpretation of that section of the
State -law providing that members of
county Boards of Education are entitled
to a compensation of $3 per diem while in
session. Judge Trask held that the sec
tion of the law was unconstitutional, but
Judge Conklin sustained its validity. The
issue came before Judge Conklin on a
mandamus action brought by Mrs. Vlolet
ta Campbell, a member of the San Diego
County Board of Education, to compel the
Auditor to draw a warrant for $50 in her
favor for services rendered, at the rate of
$5 per day.
In finding for plaintiff In this action
Judge Conklin based his decision upon
the fact that the Legislature had author
ized the existence of county Boards of
Education, had provided for the manner
of election of members to constitute such
boards and had also provided the compen
sation to be paid for the services of mem
bers while in session. The same duties
were required of all members of county
Boards of Education throughout the'
State, and therefore the provision of the
law that each member shall be paid $5 per
day while in session did not come under
the ban of class legislation.
The compensation, in the opinion of
Judge Conklin, was a reasonable one.
There had been no question raised that
the services had not been fully performed,
and in his Judgment the ruling of the
court should be In accordance with Jus
tice.
Judge Conklin of San Diego Benders
Decision in Conflict "With
. Judge Trask's.
SAN DIEGO. Jan. IS.— In a decision to-
COMPENSATION OF COUNTY
BOARDS OF EDUCATION
He managed to Crawl about on the floor
of the little house a little, but was unable
to get at any of the staples that he had
so carefully stored away for his use dur
ing the long rainy months of winter.
For four days the old man lay in this
condition, making futile efforts to reach
something that would sustain life. When
Mr. Fowler, a neighbor, found him he was
on the floor near the door of the cabin
and almost dead. He told Fowler some
of his struggles during the four days that
he had tried to reach his stores of
food, and he asked Fowler to get word to
LIvermore asking some of hi3 old hunting
companions to reach him before death
came. It was too late to do anything that
would save his life. Fowler ministered to
a few of his wants, making him as com
fortable as possible, and then left to send
a message to Livermore. Arthur Fiedler,
the County Treasurer of Alameda County,
who received the message, and a large
party of other friends of the old man Im
mediately responded, but he was dead
when they arrived.
A coffin was taken up yesterday,- and
"Uncle" Ralph ,was buried on his own
hillside ranch.
When the party arrived at "Uncle"
Ralph's cabin they found that the old man
had actually starved to death with food
all about him. By his side was a little
diary that told of the early part of his
starvation. He had just managed to
keep this faint and almost illegible record
of his sufferings and that was all.
The old man was stricken with paralysis
while in his cabin. His mind was evi
dently unimpaired, but the use of his
limbs was entirely gone. He was com
pletely helpless, and though there was
plenty to eat on the shelves of his little
home he was unable to reach anything.
He had laid in his winter supply of food,
and there was enough to last him until
summer, but it was all out of his reach.
"Uncle" Kalph lived entirely alone. In
summer he was frequently visited by
hunters, but in winter the old man spent
weeks at a time without a caller. His
nearest neighbor was four miles away,
and visits lor mere sociability were few.
This is the information brought back by
those who went to the Ittle mountain
cabin to see that their old friend of many
hunting trips was given a civilized burial.
"I'ncJe" Ralph Favill starved to death
In his cabin In the hills back of Livcrmore
with plenty of food in sight. * '¦/.',"¦;
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Jan. IS.
Stricken 'With. Paralysis and Suffers
Pangs of Hunger for Days With
Food Before His Eyes
Before Expiring.
"Uncle" Ralph Favill Starve3
in His Lonely Cabin in
Midst of Plenty.
DEATH MOCKS
AT HIS EFFORTS
Deputy Marshal Grant Johnson has
brought the news that the disaffected
Creek Indians, know as the "Snake
band," are up in arms and raiding tho
country, Winchesters In hand, whipping
and maltreating peaceful Indians. John
son ran across a band of fifty, headed by
John Creek, yesterday, near Proctor.
They were armed to the teeth and were
arresting some Creeks 6f this part of the
country, whom they took to Hickoiy
Grouna, their headquarters."Hnd whipped.
These people. It Is said on good author
ity, have killed one man who resisted ar
rest. The Marshal says the country west
of here is in an uproar, that several bands
of disaffected Indians, numbering about
fifty each, are out and are claiming to be
the legally constituted authority In the
nation. They have elected an independent
chief council and other officers, and the
Peaceful people have applied to the United
tates authorities for protection.
These Indians are all full-blooded. Ig
norant and stubborn. They are the anti
treaty party, and say they will make no
treaty and will not allow any Creek coun
cil to ratify one. Soldiers may be neces
sary to put them down, and there Is
widespread alarm here as to what they
will do next. ,. - ;
ST. L.OUIS, Jan. 18.— A special to, the
Republican from Eufala. I. T.. says:
New One.
Stubborn and Refuses to Abide
by Present Treaty or Make
Warring Element Is Ignorant and
Arrest and Assault Peace
ably Inclined Members
of the Tjibe.
CREEK INDIANS
ARE UP IN ARMS
In the place were a half dozen waiters,
and the very boldness or tne robbers at
tracted attention. The cashier had sev
eral hundred dollars of the day's receipts
on the desk before him. and it is supposed
that he did not move quickly enough to
satisfy the robbers, for one or the men
discharged hi3 revolver. The bullet
crashed Into the wall back of the cashier,
who caught up the cash and dodged un
derneath the counter. The waiters con
cealed themselves under tables. The shot
attracted a Broadway crowd and the po
lice were notified. Brandishing their
weapons, the robbers dashed from the
cafe, the crowd falling back and givlnpr
them all the room they wanted. One
turned Into Twenty-fourth st&et and suc
ceeded in making his escape. The other
dashed across the pavement on Fifth ave
nue to Madison square and was captured
by a policeman. He said he was Edward
Burgess, a steamfltter.
NEW YORK. Jan. IS.— Two robbers
armed with 32-caJlber Colt revolvers en
tered Maillard's restaurant and confec
tionery store near the Fifth Avenue Ho
tel at the corner of Broadway and Twen
ty-fourth street just as the place was be
ing closed at midnight and ordered the
cashier to throw ud his hand3.
After Firing a Sao* Tney Bush
Through* Crowd and One of
Them Succeeds in
Escaping.
Flourish Ravolvers and D«
mand Coin of the
ROBBERS ENTER
BROADWAY STORE
K memorial to the President asked that
the National Livestock Association be
*:'. lowed to name a second assisiant Sec
retary of the Interior.
The Federal Government was asked to
tr«ke charge cf the interstate tests of tu
berculosis in cattle and appoint inspec
tors.
Another resolution "condemns Secre
tary James Wilson. Secretary of Agri
culture, for allowing himself to be used
by the Dairymen's Union to lend his offl
> a! Influence toward st-curing the pas
(¦•ice throuph the Senate of the abomfn
i:Me Grout bUL~
Dr. V. A. Norjraard of Washington City
road a paper giving a brief review of
What the Bureau of Animal Industry was
«io:nK for the livestock industry in the
Cray nf stamping out disease.
A. K. KnolHn of Idaho spoke on the
problems of handling large sheep lnter-
Geor&e II. Van Norman of Illinois spoke
on "Livestock Exehanees and Their Re
lation to the Producer."
TIk list of offic-ers elected was read and
Tr-Fidem Springer spoke briefly, thank
v.-.g the association for the honor conferred
him.
The convention adjourned at 4 p. m &S
Joining in singing "America."
PALT LAKE. Utah. Jan. 1«.-The four
r-.-.y se^lon of the National Livestock
Convention closed at 4 o'clock this after
noon. Chicago was selected as the place
for holding the next convention, the dale
to be fixed b>- the executive committee.
The first order of business, being the
election of the place for the r.ext con
vention, brought out the full delegation,
and the hall was well filled when Presi
dent Springer called the convention to or
k^evcral resolutions were acted upon at
<Ki- opening, one being a resolution that
forest reservts be limited to actual tim
ber lands.
Considerable time was consumed in
caiilr.p and correcting the membership
roll. The regular order of business 'was
then taken up.
Mr. Gavin cf New Mexico made a strong
speech In favor of Chicago, and F. E.
s-'ardburn eet forth the advantages of
Omaha as the next meeting-place.
After several seconding speeches a
roiicall was ordered. At the close of the
ca'.l it was apparent that Chicago was
far in the lead, and ex-Senator Carey of
Wyoming moved that the selection of Chi
<agx>.be made unanimous, and there wai
r. '. a dissenting voice.
At the afternoon session a resolution
was passed asking the Federal Govern
ment to discover some remedy fop- vege
table poison! r.g.
Food Resolution.
Pacific Coast's of tlie Na
tional Association Chooses Offl-
cers for Ensuing Term — Pure
Resolutions Adopted by the
Stockmen Before Ad
joummtnt.
FAVOR LIMITING
FOREST RESERVES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY; JANUARY 19, 1901.
President .Charles M. Hays of the Southern Paeifie, the
Guest of Honor, Is Lauded by Speakers, While a Great
Future for the City and California Is Predicted.
DISTINGUISHED CITIZENS
GRACE THE MANUFACTURERS'
AND PRODUCERS' BANQUET
SCENE AT THE BANQUET OF THE MANUFACTURERS' AND PRODU
CERS' ASSOCIATION WHEN PRESIDENT HAYS * OF THE SOUTHERN
PACIFIC SPOKE AS TO THE COMPANY'S FUTURE POLICY.
11
AD VERTISEMENTS.
Its least virtue is that
it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort; the
clean are comfortable.
Pears 7 soap cleanliness — .
is perfect cleanliness.
AH sorts of people use it, all sorts of stores
sell it, especially druggists.
PILES
Any. one knows and knows when cur»4. W»
have ottered a reward of $25 for A years hers
In Los Angeles to -any one with Piles who could,
not be cured with 1 Box of Verus Pll» Car*.
and not one person has claimed the reward.
W« now offer and will pay any one suffering
with Piles 150 who canno" be cured with Veru*
Pile Cure. Our. record shows over 10.000 cured.
Write for information. Pet-hap* we have your
neighbor's testimonial. Price $3. postpaid.
VERUS PILECDBECO., Room 226, 'Wilson Bli
Or ELLINGTON DRUO CO.. Wholesale and
Retail DruKs?lsts. Agts.. Fourth and
Sprias Sts.. Los Angeles, Cal
Tor a Cold in the Head.
Laxative BrofSo-Quinlne Tablets. •
i Biliousness and Torpid Liver; I
eO ' - * age
»^ Caused by oTerlosding tbe stomach, ltares your system Id a condition that makes SK
£<j» yon susceptible to contscious diseases. If your stomach., and liter are in good §§g
fcAJ condition yon will always enjoy rood health. No medicine in the world has at- ' &%
JM talned soch a world-wide reputation or been Indorsed by so msny famous sod wellf . ««:
J|M known physicians for the positive cure of Stomach troubles, Biliousness and Urer ;K&
?*?*< complaints as &%&
| lispiiJaiies |
$& Prescribed by the Medical Profession for 30 Years. *M
5>>g AVERAGE DOSE: One-half tnmblerfnl taken half honr before breakfast will '. $AJ
»>! cleanse yonr system. leaTe your stomach In & healthy condition and create to appe- 588
>t«5 tite. :\',': ¦..";; gSV
$i I AAI/ at the Label, ) J\ Ql/ for the Full Name, ?>$<
r 0 L*KJ\Jj\ Blacand Red. } /\O l\ "Hanyadi-Janos"; |&
! • . HK9MSHMtt9sH9MSHS9GHafSraTHE SAN FKANCISCO -GALL; SATURDAY^ JANUARY 19 V 1901.
12
BAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The Pan Francisco
Csll. ccrner of Market and Third Etreets ; cpen
crtll 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery rtreet
corner Clay; cpen until 9:S0 p. m.
TOO Hayes street; open until 9:10 p. m.
C39 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
38<1 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. — 1 .
nci Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ertil 4 p. ra.
I0G Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
JCSe Valencia rtreet: cpen until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftreelr: cpen until 9 p. m. _
MliliTING NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Consistory -^
Xo. L A. and A.. Scottish
Rite of Freeniasonry-Ol fleers £?«l>?\5pr\
and members, you are here- H,^»*l_^3<i*i
by notified 10 afffeinble at i* (-¥S /*J
Cor.mr.den- Hall. Masonic {r_^£*w>l
Temple. SUNDAY. January y 8 . fg&'t
28. U*GI. at 1 o'clock p. ra., to Q^TZv
tnk« part In the funeral ob-
f«jules o? our late rrother, JOSEPH FitED-
ElilCKr;. S2*. FRANK B. LADD. ST.
Master of the Kadosh..
KEN'RT BURNER. Registrar.
MISSION LodKe No. 1CS. F and A. M. j»
— Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) __?*.
EVENING, at 7:?0 o'clock. Serond TtJT
degree. CEO. D. FLACK, gegy. /V^
TER.BA 13uen_ Lodge No. 15, I O. _,-£ftaV4».
O. F.— Officers and members: You
are reQuested to assemble at the •^yJt^-r
undertaking parlors. 1_U Clay st, '.*' T
Oakland. HATfRDAY. Jan. 19. at 2 p. m.. to
attend the funeral of our late Brother C. W.
CORXOR. JOHN A. OHLSON. N. G.
GOLDEN* CITY LODGE No. C3, K. of ,_~
P.— Members and vlsirlng Knights will >, ift
assemble at Third and Townscnd Vj^»_L.
etreets en ECNDAY MORNING. <e___J
Jan. 2Q, at 11 o'clock, for the purpose ox at-
tending ifce funersl of oar late brother,
GEORGE CRESSE.
GEORGE THOMSON, K. of R. - S.
THE St. Andrew's Society will c*Xe-
brate the 1CJ anniversary of the Jt, €bv>3
birth of ROBERT BURNS on FRI- <?vXl*
DAY EVENING. Vlih of January. **s»%
in Scottish Kail. K'7 Larkln et.. by a concert
_nd dance. ALLAN POLLOK. Pres.
GEO. St. tr. EREMNER. Secretary.
NOTICE-M. E. B. A. No. SS-Meet at 1 p.
m. SATURDAY. January 19, to attend funeral
of Brother B. McANNEY.
J. It. FLOUD, President.
W. WAKIN, Secretary.
THE regular annual maeting of the Etockhcld- ;
ers of the California Schu^tren Club Park
and Bulldir.g Association will be held at Eln-
tracht Kail en WEDNESDAY. January 30.
13C'i. at t> r>. m., for the purpose of «i<?ctlr.y:
6even directoii«. sn>1 the transaction of such
_fcUEinf*«j as may come before the meeting.
PHILO JACOBY, President
O. I'REMER, Secretary.
ANNUAL rr.eetir.g— Krtrular annual meeting of
the ttoekhr.iders of the Honolulu Pl_ntatlon
Company will be held at the office of the
comjiany. Z2~ JIarivet ft., fian Francisco. Cal..
on MONDAY, the :m!i day of January. 1901.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. ra.. for the pur-
pose of t'lectintr a Board or Directors to r-erve ;
for the ensuing year and the transaction of
euch other business as may come before the
meeting. Transter bocks will close on Thurs-
day. January 17. 1W.1, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
6TOCKHOLL>nRS' Mee;!r._— The ar.aual meet-
ing cf the etockhciUerb of the Union Iron
Works will be held at the cff.ee of the com-
pa_j'. _„ Market et.. San Francisco, on Tues-
day. Jar.u&ry 22. 1K1, at 11 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose cf electing a Board of Director*
to Ferve ior the ensuinjr year, and for th"
transaction of Euch ether business as may
come before the mcetin_.
J. O'B. GUNN. Secretary.
Office __ Market et. San Francisco, CaL I
January IP. U0L
TO the ctockholdera and members of the C. F.
Kapp CV:mt,any. a corporation: Notice 18
hereby K'vcn that a Keneral meeting of the
stockholders end members of the C. F. Kapp
Company, a corporation, will be held at its
oface ami place of business. No. _*C0 Market
Ft., la the rity and county of San Francisco,
Ftate cf California, en SATURDAY, tte 26th
day cf January, U0L at the hour of 12
o'clock m.. the object of eaid meeting being
the removal from office of the following
r.arrcd directors of said copcratlon. to wit:
C. H. Ko?hncke. Bertha Koehncke. Carl W.
Mueller and Alfred Kuhnnan. and that at
such meet ir.pr It 5s the Intention of the under-
*!cred to propose the remo\-al of each of said |
<Jir*ctnry. and also at said meeting the repeal.
emer.iJnent and adoption of new by-laws will j
be considered. CHAS. F. KAPP.
President C. F. Kar? Company.
ANNUAL Meeting— T5:e regular annual meet-
Ing cf the stockholders of the Oceanic Steam-
fh'p Company wi'.l be held at the office of
the company. 217 Market st.. San Francisco.
Calif orr.'.a, en MONDAY. January 21. 1901. at
the hour cf 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
r>of* of electing a Soard of Directors to serve
foi the ensuing year, and the transaction of
fjeh other business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Thurs-
day, January 10, isoi. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. II. SHELDON. Secretary.
NOTICE i? hereby iriven that a rpeclal meet-
irg of the stockholder* of The San Francisco
end San Je&quin Valley Railway Company
—•.'11 be held et t*;e principal cfflce of the
cctnpary in the city cf San Francleco. CaL.
on SATURDAY, the nineteenth flSth) day of
January. 1&C1. at 12 o'clock noon, fcr the pur-
r**e cf approving and ratifying an agree-
ment fcr the tale and conveyanace to and
r«"-cr>afe by The Atch'.eon, Topeka and Santa
Tr Railway Company of the railroad, prop-
erty end franchises cf The San Francisco and
Fan Jcaquln Valley Railway Company, and ¦
to tranract any other business that may
3e£_l!y ccme befnre the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
Fan Francisco. January 4, 1901.
BORROW on diamonds; perfect secrecy; pri-
vate ert's"^. PXCUl HARRIS!. 13 Grant av.
MEETINGS — I'n! vernal Brotherhood.
THEOSOPKICAL Society will g[v« by request
th-? Greek fymposlum, "Hypatia," in archaic
costume, at Academy cf Sciences Hall. S19
Market st., Sunday, Jan. 20, 8 p. m.; musical
f'^ipr-s: nil Invited: h*a3quartprs <n rTn - 3°-
ACEXTS WASTED.
*»0 TO J5m per month; men or women; 6alarr
<r comrr.;«ylr.n or both. "iTi Market at. r. €15.
ADOPTIOy.
HEALTHY baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
rrXKE. 1416 Eighth ft., Alamena.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
E. W. KING, or Market st, eth floor, room 627
—Estate*, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all cases; fair fee; no advance
charges; loans on estates. TeL Howard 1337.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
r.o fee without puccess; collections. G XV
riOWT. atty at law. E50 Market, cor. Stonktn.
FRANK W. KMITH: mining and probate law a
rpeclalty. Mills big., r. 3. «th flr. : tel. Red 3616.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. "W.
w. DAVIDSON". S27 Market et.. opp. Mason.
I- S. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels bldg.. 927 Mir-
V:«»t Kt.: consultation fre«: no fees tn advance.
ASrUALTUM UOOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, cfphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palr»d: postal use Mission- tel. Folsom 1607.
BATH CABIXETS.
ELECTRIC 1'pht bath cabinets to let and for
rale :f.3« Pr.lnt LobCB ave.
BOAItmXG FOK CHILDREN.
GOOD home for 1 or 2 children: German lady;
bet-t refg. from former parties. S26A Sixth et.
BLSIMSSS CHANCES.
A— J3000: CHOP house and oyster~gTOUoT^near
Emporium; rent Sl_3; lease; daily receipts
tlOO. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $700; COR. butcher thep, in northern part
of city; rer.t t26; horse, cart; selling 4 cattle
and about 15 sheep per week; a cash custom.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny gt.
A — $3500: WINE and liquor business In Oakland,
with apency for one of the largest wineries
In the btate; a rushing bar trade and large
route of private customers; located on nrln-
rtpa. ttreet. Call R. G. WILKE, Xhj Kearny.
A— K-0O— CHOICEST saloon on Kearny «t •
close to Chronicle building; established years-
3 years' lease: all cash down not necessary
Call n. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny su
A— SSOO— THIRD interest In laundry company
doing a first -class business; retiring partner
to leave for New York. Apply R, G. WILKE
26H Kearny st. '
A — ONE of the best saloon* with commercial
lunch; clo»e to Palace Hotel; rent *50; owner
' Kick in bed; a preftt racrlflce; only $500 cash
down needed. "R. Q. "VYILKE. 26^4 Kearny et.
A— JSO)— CORNER grocery and bar on Langton
St.: rent ;:.'•; place estab. 20 years: must sell
os owner wants to retire and (five lonis lease
to rirht party. R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny.
A— 1_-9— PARTNER wanted In an employment
office; can clear rasily $150 per month; only
pood, active man need apply. R. G. WILKE,
26'4 Kearny «t.
A— J275— CORNER saloon in the Mission; rent
$20; lease; rood-paying; business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2CU Kearny et.
A— «75O— R«-Etsurant with 25 furnished rooms. In
Stockton: rent J25; 2 years' lease: owner to
1p_v* for East; murt soil quick; a good -paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE. X\i X«arny st.
J1100— Butcher shop; country town: business
tisoo mo. Mclaughlin & co.. 777% Market.
$100— CIGAR stand; business ..corner. Me-
LAUGH-IK & CO., 777\_ Market st.
nUSINESS CHANCES COSTIXCED.
A— SALOON*; best~barga!n ever offered; $125;
complete. COWING _ CO., 719 Market st.
A FIRST-CLASS barber shop: heart city: must
go. COWING & CO., 719 Market st
A CORNER grocery; best part city; living
rooms. COWING & CO.. 713 Market st.
A RESTAURANT: heart of city: best bargain
ever offered. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A DELICACY store: fine location; living rooms;
home cooking. COWING 719 Market st.
A BUTCHER shop; corner:' receipts J33 day;
snap. COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
PARTNER wanted In a lanrp, old-established,
profitable business, controlling a good, safe,
*rlid nr.d reliable trade; owing to retirement
of former manageV owner has decided to sell
nn interest to an acceptable party: duties will
be the keeping of accounts and assisting-
(reneraUy in the management of the business;
1 cspital required $C000 to $10,000: full value in
! f-isht; books and business open for investlga-
i tlon. Apply J. W. DONNELLY _ CO.. 632
j Market st \ ¦
* $.-,"CA- READ THIS! '
VO hm Ve for sale an undertaking business,
first-clops In every particular and will aver-
age fir**) r, Fr month: expenses about SICK)
monthly: lull investigation of books and nc-
I counts fn*f!y «;iven and fruitra.nte<?u correct j
j old established ptand: severe sickness the
I rausc of quick snip; would exchange for good
] flwk ranch in Northern California; cash
I br.Fls. ALDEN CO.. IMS Hniadway, Oakland.
j mtST-CLAES saloon, elegant fixtures; must
sell before Fob. 1: owner must jco north; trial
plven: easy torms; fee this barraln. Apply
to DECKER, 1020 Market ft.
R~ESTAURTNT~for~*ale7~fine location; doing
a good paying business. H. C. DECKER.
I IKO Market st.
I TO buy, sell or exchange real estate, store or
i business plafre call on II. C. DECKER, 1020
; Market st.
'' J3T.ft— PARTNER wanted; can. make $130 a
i month: only good live man need apply. CAL-
! IFORNIA BUSINESS ASSN.. SS5 Market st.
• CIGAR store; splendid downtown location;
raving business; rent $80: good stock and fix-
tures; sickness cause of selling:; genuine bar-
Rain at price. fSOG; many other bargains in
bus. opportunities. .G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
phone Mint 1911. ?17 Market, bet Sth and 6th.
I A — WANTED — A good tenant for grand corner
I store and basement, with fixtures suitable for
grocery business: special Inducements. Ap-
¦ ply PPECK & CO.. 667 Market Et.
! GOOD paylnp restaurant on Kearny st. for
J sale or exchange for lodging house. A. L.
WILLEY, 916 Market St., room IS.
?r.O IN* cash or pay your own expense; a dra-
matic company will take a talented lady or
pent amateur with them on the above terms.
Address box 1231, Call office.
BESTAUBAKT; good bufiness; student trade;
I must be sold; will sell cheap. 2137 Center
j St., Berkeley.
GROCERY store for sale; bargain; cause of
sale sickncEF; no agents. Call on Owner,
1257 Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland.
j $175 WILL buy clj?ar, stationery and notion
j store: IS Fifth Ft; rent $11; must be sold.
j A WELL established, small Jewelery store at
a reasonable price. Call at 106 Eleventh st.
SALOON for eale; opposite the Ferry. Apply
111 East st., north of Market
j RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; daily re-
j ceipts about ISO. Call at place, 410 Kearny st.
FOR Sale — A first-class cafe and grillroom; lo-
cated In large city on the coast: fully
equipped and splendidly furnished; only place
of kind in town; average business J215 per
day; bar receipts 5110; under good manage-
ment this can be increased: lease and reason-
able rent; owner's time taken up with other
business. Inquire 91S Market Et.,'room 94.
J2100 — HANDSOMELY fitted, old-established
saloon on Market; one of the best known
places in S. F. ; genuine offer: must be sold;
other business. Apply box 1104. Call.
CALL en Cal. Business Assn., S6j Market St.,
fcr rooming-houses, saloons, candy and no-
tion stores: all kinds business opportunities.
PLAY THE RACES!
Our expert handicap flfrures netted $662 last
month, playing $10 straight on each selection;
commissions from $10 up will be accepted to be
flayed by us as per our handicap sheets. N, S.
HAND & CO.. 24 Kearny st.
A PARTNER In a first-class butcher business
in a thriving city on this coast: practical man
preferred; capital required ?1500 to $2000. Box
1194. Call office.
STATIONERY, notions and cigar store: good
location; with 3 living rooms. Address box
A. Call branch office. 300 Hayes st.
A A— J400: grand opportunity for lady or gent:
location perfect; cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room, 22d ave. station, E. Oakland.
$S50— MEAT market: finest in city; 5 blocks
from Call bldg. : rent S15; strictly cash trade.
Inquire 109 Buchanan st.
$SW-RESTAURANT: paying well; rent $30;
payments. D. McRAE. 827 Mission st.
OUTSIDE route for sale on this paper. Apply
Call office.
AN active young man with capital wants to
Invest In lucrative business. Box 11S5. Call.
SHOOTING gallery. 1173 Market st.
$_tf— RESTAURANT for sale. Box 1176, Call
office.
RESTAURANT for sale, whole or half; will
give trial. 9C9 Howard st.
FOR sale— Fine grocery, bar and living rooms;
cause, sickness. 551 Geary St.
130 WINS *3C0 per month at races: references
given. Information Lyons. 921 Market, r. 1
CLASSIFIED advertisements and -subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S8
Valencia Et.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
10-HOOM flat; downtown {300
14 rooms on Mission st soo
£0 rooms; new furniture; $1000 cash 2G0C
18 rooms on Third st 600
46 rooms; fine corner; clears $200 3S00
24 rooms on Geary Bt.: clears $150 1900
23 rooms on Kearny st; clears $150 1600
S3 rooms on Market st 1400
12 rooms; clears $75 450
500 others — Prices from J100 to $25,000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint, 796.
SAMPLES- Call for list. Money loaned.
«2 rooms; Bush: rent J135; price $3000
£8 rooms; Powell; rent. 300; price 3100
40 rooms; Ellis; rent 2. r ,0: price.... 6000
37 rooms; Powell; rent 175; price.... 1900
17 rooms; Van Ness; rent 90; price 1600
1? rooms; Mason; rent 33; price 3C3
7 rooms: Hyde; rent 23; price 350
And houses all locations, 6lzes and prices.
Restaurant for eale or exc. for ldg-house
A. L. WILLEY. 916 Mkt., phone Black E215.
60 ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $150 $3000
37 rooms; money-maker; near Market.... 1900
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn. ; extra.. 950
15 rooms; Leavenworth: rent $57 80 900
10 rooms; $450; 10 rooms, quick gjo
20 rooms; detached: handsome yard, -with
drive to barn and lease $10 month, leaving
rent only $65 month; clears $100 month; special
snap. FISHER & CO. 1032 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF. 102G Market st
-....Telephone Mint 1591
27 rooms; rent $50: a bargain $650
47 rooms; Al location; part cash 2700
60 rooms: north of Market 2700
26 rooms; sunny corner 2250
31 rooms; worth $2500; reduced to ! 1300
CALL and see our list of bargains in houses -
we have them in any part of the city and at
any price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE 2S
Sixth st.
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. 30 Kearny St.. room 6.
. Bljr bargain*; list in. office; money loaned-
clear title; houses all full.
ANDREW PRICE & CO.. SO Kearny st., rm. 6.
DEPARTMENT house for sale or 52 roomo-
splendid locality : big barcain; $2500. JOHN
ELDER CO.. C2S Market St. ' ~f~-
LARGEST list lodging-houses: good bargains-
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARD
. rms. 1-2. S17 Market St.. bet Fifth and Sixth.
FOR sale cheap— A fine 12-room lodging-house-
respectable and first-class; best of reasons
for selling; no agents need apply. 333 O'Far-
rell st. -'
A— $400: GREATEST bargain ' in twT- ii
rocms and bath: new furniture; must be sold
906 Market et. room 8.
LADY wants to buy rooming-house: 15 to 24
rooms: well furnished: north of Market; cash
paid. Box 1219. Call office.
$2OP0-SS ROOMS; fine location: well furnished-
all rented; low rent. B A KILE. 3 Eddy st.
WILL psy cash for Rood paying lodging-house
or hotel. Address bfx 1012. Call office!
$SS0-LODG_VG-HOt;SE cf 76 rooms; $2o0 in-
come. Iff. Xew Montgomery st
5l A^_^_ T /^^T^-^J^NllVj7LE.iyiyc.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama Et.; tel South 40.
CARPETS cleaned at '2c 'per yard laid at So
ETRATTON-S. 3 Eighth St.: teK Jessie 944
\Fnr> m J Ci i K H? Carpet-Beatlng and Reno-
vatlng Co.. g«0 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
A £T"\ NCE Zifrpet-Cleaninc Co.. 402 Sutter st ;
tel. Main 234. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor. .
SSS^SFl r «n>et-Beatlng Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, 1 wartsT^hll-
blains; painless care. Dr. Duncan, 415 gutter.
__H______________C______f'
SPIRITUALISM.
MRsTdrTfTrnIia M. j wdrld^renVw-ed splrlN
ual medium; advice in all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
minlns a specialty; clrs. Sun., Wed.. Frl. ev's.
Come and be convinced. Permanently located.
513 Eddy St.. bet.' Hyde and L a rkln; no sign.
MME. MAJORS, gifted spiritual medium,
healer and card, reader. 146 Eddy st.
MRS. LESTER— Readings dally;' circle every
ev».. lOc. txcept Wed.; devel. circle. 222 Turk.
EARLE, 305 Taylor st, corner Ellis— Slitings
<3ally; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
C. Mayo-Stters. 112H Oak. trance medium;
readings $1: hours 1-5 p. m. ; tel. Howard 527.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; Eittlngs dally; tests to all to-night: We,
1 MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus7 medium.
j life reader. m«d. olf>1-«-ivant. 1164 O'Farrell.
I CLAIRVOYANTS.'
J MME. M. BERNARD " '
j THE "FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and Business Medium, . .
Is permanently located Rt 17 Third st, "next
Kxamlner building:. She reads your life cor-
rectly, givs an accurate description of. the
past, reveals the present happenings and por-
| trays event* to occur in the future. If you
j are in trouble, discontented, unhappy cr not
, Fatlsfied in life, or hRve domestic, .love or busi-
i ness troubles, consult tills jrreat medium and
you will be told how to overcome them.
Valuable advice In all affairs of life.
Full life reading by n.nil; write for informa-
tion: 25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed. |
j MRS. DR. V. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and C6; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall: send stamp for pnin-
phlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; 15 years' experience: her knowledge of the
• unseen forces is Invaluable to professional and
business men, to wives and lovers; follow her
advice and you will make no mistake. 1104
Market st., corner Mason, room 28.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant &_card
reader, born .w!t$ double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with iife read In p: ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. . the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
1 aim! st. permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th: private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE, clairvoyant, card reader; best
advice, I3c up. 472 Stevenson at, cor. Sixth.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c, 7 Seventh st.
MRS. BROWN, scientific card reader; readings
dally. 109 Fifth Bt.. room 2.
MRS. Melvill. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11,6th ;German spoken; tel. Howard 1846.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 2Sc; ladles. 914 O'Farrell
j MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader; past
present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 14.
MME. VALEEN, clairvoyant, card reader,
palmist and healer. 215 Leavenworth st.
BORROW nn diamonds; secrecy; private en-
trance; private rooms. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay: 25c. 1143 Mission.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant' and business
medium, 215 Kearny st. rooms 8-10.
MME SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S',a Jessie st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. B Fourth st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market St.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$11— 4-ROOM cottage; stable In rear. York st.,
between Twenty-third and . Twenty-fourth.
$9 — COTTAGE: rear: 4 rooms and attic: garden;
close to cars. 1121H Filbert st. ¦
DENTISTS.
AT^7hT1___5cTl^"D"EN^fXL^U^C?loT S Mar^
ket st, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
fcr 20 years: crowns, ii 50; fillings, 50c; plates.
So, full set; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
EIGHT prizes foe. best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
- made; eld plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
THE New Tork Dentists have moved to 963
Mission st. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, 60c.
_>R. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
A. L. SIMPSON. D. D. S.. 1206 Market Bt— Ex-
pert tooth extractor; crown and bridge work.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and SuiT
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st '
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
"—
EVENING SCHOOL. S?~F. BUSINESS^COL^
LEGE. 1236 Market st; Individual lnstructiou
in bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $3 month.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 123b Market st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market et— Day
and evening; $8 per month; $50 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
coursea; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past 5 months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand, reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'R BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post bt
S. F-— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and night sessions; new SO- page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford ' professor. Phelan, building.
CA LIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tlcns guaranteed to It by written contract,
and can therefore with confidence guarantee
pcsltlons to all its graduates. 305 Larkln st
BOOKKEEPING, or shorthand; Pitman - .t«-
tcm; private lessons by. an experienced teach-
er. M.-W. CORNELL. 126 Kearny, St.. r. 53.
A SPECIALTY-Perfectlng beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR..exp. acct.V 220 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING,- civil, elec.. mining. mech/.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve. ; est 1864
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL,. 933 Market. |
MISS M. G. BARRETT. Shorthand Academy;
lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
porters best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
MONEY advanced on articles of all descrip-
tions, from $1 to $1000, at UNCLE HARRIS'
15 Grant ave. ...
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar players, club prac-
tice. Merkl. reliable teacher, , 1008 Mission si.
FRENCH,SpanlJih.etc.Prof.D«FiHpr>e'6Acafiemy
of languageB.820 Post;estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
MUNSON. School Shorthand, Typing Bookkep-
ing. Spanish. 137 Monfy. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing!
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission,, nr. : 6th|
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S ¦ DAY' and
ILLUSTRATION- night class. 424 Pine I st?°
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents--The Weekly Call'
Iffnarps. 'n wrapper 'nr mwiHnp-. «1 rwr v»nr.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE responsible housecleanlng co ; est."
18T0; practical recommend; try them:' removed
to 419 Devlsadero: tel. Fell ; 136. , F. HAM ADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese, holp of all kinds:
cooks, waiters and house , ifervants. - GEO
AOKI &.CO.; 421 Post et; tel. Bush 135. »
JAPANESE ' ; and •¦ Chinese \ employment office-
best help. S26 O'Farrell ¦ st. ; tel. ; Hyde 2191. .
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese • employment *' of-
: nee; all kinds i help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese holp fur. 644 California: phone James 2601.
ORFHEUM Employment I Of flee— Japanese. Chi-
nete help/ 423 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072.*
CHINESE . and - Japanese ¦ Employment Office—^
Best help. ,411% O'Farrell st; tel* East 438. v
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
ANY one desiring services of an office asslst-
, ant who Is accurate and experienced, rapid
' penman, etc.. address box 1300, Call office;
no stenography: operate . Remington type-
... wrlfer. • - - ". . -.¦¦'" ¦ - '
EXPERIENCED young woman; position as
waitress; hotel or restaurant; city or coun-
try; wages. $C3 per month. Address E. L-,
SO Hardy Bt.
I RELIABLE nurse or attendant to ' invalid:
I .assist with housework; experienced in ner-
vous cases; good references; city or country.
705 Ellis st. ~ .' ;
WOMAN" wishes any kind of work: housekeep-
• ing «ir take care of the sick. 245 Natoma st.,
\ off Third, room 11. ' ___________
j RESPECTABLE Eastern lady wishes a posl-
j tlon. Ha housekeeper. Address R.\ postofnee
; box 520,' Sacramento, Cal. v' - ¦
COMPETENT woman wishes a position as
housekeeper for widower or old couple. 140
Seventh st., room 20.
RELIABLE lady would like a position as
housekeeper. W. G. J.. 1203 Folsom st.
¦ C/>MP~ETENT~woman: Is a good cook; $15 to
I $20 wages; good references. 49 Shipley st.
] YOUNG plrl wishes a position to assist In
j housework: small family. 523 Minna -St.
, ELDERLY lady wishes to assist in light
housework In small American family: small
pay. 29 Eddy St.. room 40. second floor.
SITUATION wanted by colored woman to do
light housework or cliamberwork. Apply at
CI7^ Ellis st.. bet. La.-kin and Hyde. In court.
POSITION wanted by reliable and experienced
restaurant woman as cashier and stewardess.
Box 1152. Call office.
BORROW money of the respectable and relia-
ble house of UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant "ave.
WOMAN with a girl 10 years old wishes work
In country. Box 1187.' Call office. _¦
YOUNG Scandinavian lady wishes to do second
work or general housework. 1544 Howard st.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer;
has had some experience. Address A. C. H.,
800 Mission at. __»
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket-200 rooms; 25c to $150 night, $160 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. _,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia at. ¦ ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rscelved at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE?.
CARPENTER and Joiner; formerly foreman;
can do any kind of woodwork; wants steady
work with some company; knowledge of ma-
chinery: wages reasonable. Address box 1228,
Call office. ¦- -
WANTED — Work as choreman; understands
wood cutting, horses, cows and fowls: -15; Bin-
- gle and strictly lemperate; will come recom-
mended from last employers. Address box
1232. Call office. ;
WANTEDr-Position as salesman and bookkeep-
er In gen. mdse. store in country by reliable
American: 8ln?le; 30 yrs. apre; 12 yrs. expen-
ence; good refs. Address L. F.. box 1223, Call.
YOUNG man speaking English. German and
Danish wants position; good reference; long
experience In livery stable. Box 1224, Call.
YOUNG man speaking German, Danish and
English wishes position a? bartender. Box
1225. Call office. t_j ;
YOUNG man of 20 would like position arounil
private place in city. Box 1184, Call office.
AN elderly man seeks employment of any
kli:d. 626 Sacramento st.
A YOUNG man wishes a position in office as
Janitor j and errand boy. 7C6 Larkln.
A YOUNG -man wishes a position as errand
boy or as waiter in restaurant. 706 Larkln.
BY a practical gardener; 3 years foreman In
a city park; experienced In all floral signs,
new lawns, etc.; would take charge of large
place; first-class references. Address Gar-
dener, 81 Natoma st.
GOOD reliable man wishes position In private
family or as assistant gardener; understands
plain gardening, horses: can milk: excellent
references. A. ANTHONY. 148 Sixth st.
YOUNG married couple, German, wish posi-
tions In hotel; man as runner or porter, wife
as chambermaid and eewlng. 520 Bush St.,
room 38. ¦
BAKER, first-class confectioner and pastry
cook, excellent reference, wants work; city
or country, hotel or catering place. Address
Confectioner. 1S4 South Park.
EASTERN young man of good character and
address, understands driving and care of
horses, wishes a position in private place;
references. Box 1189. Call Office.
EXPERIENCED man of 40 wants position as
clerk or barkeeper In hotel; city or country:
moderate wages- references. Address box 5016,
Call office. ". ¦
BAKER wants position as second hand or sin-
gle; country preferred. Address W., 227
Second st. .
YOUNG man. . handy with carpenter tools,
wishes steady employment with carpenter or
contractor; wage« moderate. Box 1202, Call.
EXPERIENCED milk or bakery wagon driver,
German, would like position: well acquainted
in city. Box 1217. Call office.
COOK wants a situation In a coffee house or
restaurant; no Sunday work; downtown. Ad-
dress AL NAUDE. 6 Magner place.
$100,000 TO loan on ¦ diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant ave. ,
A GENTLEMAN of address and business ex-
perience desires occupction: amount of salary
not important. Box 11S1, Call orHce.
BAKER, foreman, reliable and steady, wants
situation : city or country. Address Baker.
225 Third st. Oakland. -
WOULD like to have place as Janitor, watch-
man or club waiter. Address Sunshine Court,
room 3. . '.:>.- :j
BARTENDER with experience and references
wants position. Address. E. IX. 25 East st.
DOCTOR wants employment; has held several
hospital appointments. Box 1190, Call office.
BAKER wants position as first or second hand
on bread. Address • Baker. 509 Stockton st.
SITUATION wanted by Japanese good cook to
do housework, etc.; references. T. O. 521 Jes-
sie st. -^
JAPANESE young man wants a place as school
boy. S. N.. 1329 Pine st. . ' ' .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Filmore st
EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange— Washington land; also hotel
property In Western Minnesota. Box 16. Call.
FEATHER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may ¦ address
FKATHKR FACTORY, 244 Stevenson at.
FIN AXCIAL. : , - ' ' - : " .
$2309 INVESTED now will secure you a year-
ly income of five hundred dollars; ample
security. Address box 1206, Call office.
FLATS TO ; LET.
TO let — New flats on Buchanan st, between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave. ; 5 and 6
rooms and bath: all the latest Improvements.
Apply Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.". 14 Montgomery.
TO let — Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. . 1002
McAllister st Apply G. H. UMBSEN ¦_ CO.,
14 Montgomery st. ) ••-.• . - ' ;'¦ ¦
NICE cozy flats; 3 rooms; rent only $10. . ' 118
Juniper st.i off Harrison, between Tenth and
Eleventh," opposite schoolhouse. *.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MODERN flat; '8 rooms, bath; good order. 1128
'.*¦ Howard St., near Seventh. - ' '
NEW flat, 4 large sunny rooms; water free. 22
Sumner St.", off Howard, 'near Eighth.
SACRAMENTO.' 1365— Two bay-window flats of
• three ixmn; gaa ; rent , $7 and $12 50. , -..
$10— COTTAGE of 3 sunny • rooms. ' 134 Rose
'ave., ivfe blocks from Market, between Gough
and Ootavla. '. • ¦ -'¦•¦¦¦¦'¦-:.¦ ' - -
:;; ;(^LATS TO :' LET^FCRNISHSp. f-r* :
NICELY furnished flat of 5 rooms. 1411 Mason
st; call between -11 and 3; no dealers. :;.-
'.i ' FURKITURK'FOB'UAIttJ. ': j,
FURNITURE,- bedding, etc.," of 4 rooms tor
nalei-tlOO. Call or address "¦¦ PROCTOR. 7S
.'Webster it..:;'"-..: ¦'-•.¦¦'• ¦'-.".. .'-. . " - '-
4 ROOMS furnished: in oak $48 40. : with No. 7
range. -. King i Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of ', flat: must •, be sold ' at once ;
• party leaving city. 941 Jackson stVcor. Mason.
FURNITURE of 6; rooms,' partly rented; ¦ rent
$14 : month, r 94 Zoe st; corner: Brannan.
I .' ':[;,. FURNITURE 'WANTED.
Auctioneer— Li Vincent/ 1305 Larkln; tel Polk 694; ;
*• furniture ; & i furn'd : houses > bought; : spot cash. |
I TO, receive. highest value for furniture, "^ carpets; j
I atcVt see W. E. Cody. .757 Mission ; tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. t LEV Y> buys ' your ti furniture.'; carpets,
• pianos, etc. \% 1135 ¦ Market ' st. ; tel.-. Jessie , 781.> ; :
A.. WOLLPERT, 1 ; 773 : Mission • st..' pays highest '
~ price for second-hand furniture; : tel. Red 1354. .
¦X HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A— FIRST-CLASS head waitress for large
commercial hotel, $30 per month. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. - -':•",;
A— FOUR first-class waitresses for hotel. Los
Angeles, special rates,. $20. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 G^ary st.
A— SIX waitresses for first-class hotel, Pasa-
dena. $20. call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
¦ 104 : Geary st.
MIDDLE-AGED waitress to take charge of
I dining-room in Institution: short distance In
country; nice place; $25. board, room and
_ and laundry. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 28 Montgomery, rm. n.
Waitresses, country. I2i), free fare; chamber-
maid, city, $23. ,
BUTTONHOLE makers, operators, finishers
and apprentices on coats, vests and pants.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 541 Market St.;
call upstairs. -
OPERATORS on custom pants. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO., 541 Market St.
WANTED— German girl for Reneral housework
and plain cooking. Call between S and 12 at
7t>A Harriton st.
WANTED — Hair dresser and manicurist; wages
no object; state where last employed. 220
Mason £t.
GIRL with references to assist in housework:
small family; $15. Call 1735 Oak St. Car fare
paid. '
LIGHT housework and cooking for 3: Sundays
off; no washing; $15 per month. Inquire after
3 a. m. 301 Jones St., cor. Eddy.
NEAT young girl for light housework; 2 in
family; $10 to $12. 4S6 Frederick, nr. Stanyan.
JAPANESE merchant in the country would
like a housekeeper Address box 1229. Call.
GIRL; German preferred; gen. housewrk; plain
cooking; 3 in family; $15. 1735 Buchanan.
NKAT sirl; general housekeeping; small fam-
ily. . 603 Guerrero «t.
WANTED— Young woman to do light house-
work; wages $15. 539 San Bruno avo.
YOUNG clrl to help with * housework. Apply
Saturday at 1086 Clay st. '
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework. 2509^4
Bush st. ¦'¦-¦-'. . "
GERMAN, woman; light housework; one 8-
year-old child. 204 Sixth st _^
YOUNG woman to do cooking and downstairs
work. 2024 Pine st '
CAPABLE attendant for invalid lame lady;
call Saturday 10-3. 2423 Union st
SEWING machine operators wanted at Levt
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory, 32Vs Fremont
I ¦ st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
•" ¦• ¦ , -
BUTTONHOLE makers, operators, finishers
• and aDprentlees on coats, vests and pants.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st;
call upstairs.
BORROW on pianos, furniture, diamonds,
paintings; secrecy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant av.
WANTED— Button sewers at LEVI STRAUSS
& CO.'S. Z6\j Fremont st.
NEAT lady for office; one who can loan em-
ployer $300. Box 1203, Call. .
WANTED — Girl for general housework. Apply
2620 Buchanan st.
ELDERLT German Catholic woman, house-
work; no washing; sleep home; $18. 782 Fulton.
WANTED— A woman with good education to
travel; must be capable, without lncum-
brances. Box 407, Call office.
LADIES wishing to marry good men call or
write MRS. HERTZ. 'i0C Ellis st.; no charges.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
reo°lved at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore tt.
HELP WANTED MALE. *
A— MURRAT & READT.".T."phonT~Maln 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
MECHANICAL HELP
MACHINISTS WAGONMAKERS
. Machinist, city shop.. $3 to $3 25 day
* Machinist, marine work
Wagonmaker, country shop $3 day
Blacksmith, floor man $3 day
Blacksmith helper, near city $52
2 strong boys for boiler shop-. $6 week
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT
Gardener, Alameda County $26 and found
Milkers and buttermakers $30 and $33
3 plow teamsters $26 and $30
Farm hands; chore boys; man and wife.
Stablemen Milker, north, $30 and found
Woodchoppers for all parts of California....
Tiemakers, tools and provisions furnished..
MURRAT & RRAJDY 634-636 Clay st
A— HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC...
Chef cook, mine $50 and found
Cook's helper, camp $30 and found
Baker's helper, country shop.... $20 and found
Washer and starcher; waiters, city and coun-
try
Cooks, city and country $30 to $30
MURRAT & READY 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 1S5
¦ ButcheV, country hotel. $50; cook and wife,
country hotel, $60 to $65; head waiter, $50;
waiter, Nevada, $40; German waiter, coun-
try hotel, $25; dishwasher, country hotel,
$25 and fare p&li
Scandinavian or German coachman, good ref-
erences. $30
Colored waiter, country club $35
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary Bt.
A— CORRESPONDENT for a grocery house be-
tween 25 and 33 years of age; salary to
commence with, $125. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED
Butter-maker and milk, $30; Portuguese,
milker. $25 to $27 BO; gardener, etc.. with ref-
erences, $30; pruner and orchard work,
steady place, $20 to $25. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay st
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Chef, c'ty. $30: man and wife, cooks, coun-
try, $65; 'bus driver, $30.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 15S3. I. LESS. Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Man, upright character, to manage
business old established house: $18 per week
, and expenses, payable weekly from head-
quarters; expense money advanced; perma-
nent: reference. Standard House, 304'Caxton
building. Chicago. "
WANTED — Buyer and manager for house-
furnishing department; must be thoroughly
experienced In stoves, tin and agate ware.
Apply at superintendent's office. Emporium.
RESIDENT salesman, every county in State,
to represent large corporation; excellent op-
portunity to party capable handling large
deals. Box 1235, Call office.
THE Pasture Stock Food Co.. 324 Times build-
ing. Chicago, offer $15 per week and 10 per
cent on all sales for. a man with horse and
buggy to sell Pasture Stock Food.
WANTED— In a wholesale dry and fancy goods
1 - house, an unmarried man as caller in entry
room; references required; state age. Ad-
dress S.\ S. , box 1222. Call office.
WANTED— Blir clerk In wholesale house; one
with experience, who " writes a good rapid
. hand and quick at figures. Address box
1233, Call - office. : . --.
WANTED— Barber for 8atnrday and Sunday.
402 Brannan st. ¦:.
WANTED— A barber for Saturday and Sunday
at 627 Broadway,- near Montgomery avenue.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday, * $4.
1294 Pacific st. ¦ .
GOOD barber for Saturday noon until Sunday
-, noon at 405 Third St. . • ¦ ,
BARBER wanted for Saturday from 10 to 10.
519 Kearny st. . .
i WANTED — Good steady waiter for. French res-
taurant. 25 Taylor at. " ¦
COATMAKER wanted to work In store. 3058
; -.¦:, Twenty- fourth st; . .
WANT ' to meet an experienced brushmaker.
¦ WEHNER.-402 Broadway. ¦¦¦<¦.
S LIGHT ' harness makers and machine opera-
. tor. Seattle Harness Co., Seattle. Wash.
W r ANTED— A good night waiter for restaurant.
1550 Market st. T
A. GOOD restaurant cook wanted. V1550 Market
,. street...,':;. .¦¦ y... : ¦ - ¦' ,¦ \ '" ' ¦ ¦¦ ¦
YOUNG German-American, 16 to 18, to work
. In -florist store and nursery."- 532 Valencia et-
TOUNG % man to drive milk wagon; German
preferred; 816 Treat ave.
COOK wanted at 613. Clay at." .:
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, lOo, 15c and
; 20c. ; _oston ¦ House, 030 Howard st. •
MEN OR WOMEN......:............... .„;.
Paid Big Commissions
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY, 21 Spear st 7
BRIGHT men of good address; a splendid offer
- for 1 th* month of January;, $100 a month, in
. addition to salary, and ¦ commission; do not
, call unless you are a first-class .solicitor of
good address; references. 59 Columbian bldg.
MEN wanted to learn barber. trade;, only. eight
• week6 ' required ; : position guaranteed : special
-inducements; ;: catalogue free. . MOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay St ; ¦-; -;-- s
WANTED-^Laborers and *¦ mechanics '. to * know
¦ j that Ed I Rolkln. ; Reno House proprietor. . still
c - : runs i Denver :, House. . 217 Third ¦ st : - 150 - large
.rooms; 25c per, night: $1 to $2 per. week.,- -
WANTED— Dress goods salesman; state expert-
V ence.v reference, ; ealary * expected. ¦ Box ; 1216, :
' Call ¦ offlce/3S_b_MB__BBtv *
BELP WASTED-MALB.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 23; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
1 inch in height; able to read write and
apeak English, For further Information ap-
ply at the Marine Recruiting Office 40 Ellis
st.. Sen Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Experienced stationery salesman;
sta A e exv erlence ' reference, salary. Box 1215,
Call office.
WANTED— Experienced draper and drapery
salesman; state experience, reference, salary.
Box 1214, Call office.
TRAVELING salesman in the drygooda line
with reference, to take a good sld» line.
Box 1182, Call office.
ANY amount' to loan on your diamonds- low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
BOY wanted to learn carriage blacksmith
trade. WALCOM BROS.. 217 EIUs ,_""""•
WANTED— Boy 18 or 17: references. Hoover's
Pharmacy, California and Devlsadero sts
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting- 25c
to 60c. 562 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
JANITOR In large building: experience In ma-
chinery desired. Box 1207, Call office.
WANTED— Good cutter to buy old-established
tailoring business: terms easy. Box 1109, CalL
A MAN to blast out stumps. Box 1C18, Call
office. •
BARBER shop for sale; complete with fixtures.
601 Castro St., cor. Eighteenth: sacrifice.
HOME-MADE bread and pie baker; references
required. 1217 Valencia st.
BRIGHT men of good address; money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
» a. m. at 302 Post St.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S62 Mission St.. bet, let and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old reliable
firm, S06 Market, room 49, Phelan building.
MEN to learn barber trade. "41A Howard St.,
S. F. Barber School.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 23c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia" st.
HEMORRHOIDS.
ANT case of Piles, Piles, Piles, Piles; over~200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed;
no surgery, salves or ointments; no interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars arid. Physician, box 1950. Call.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sal«
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, bungle*,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOTLE. Auctioneers.
FINE, gentle horse, together with surrev and
harness In good order, for sale cheap. STAN-
LY MAYALL, G12S Kearny St.. S. F.
BAT mare; gentle, handsome, speedy, intelli-
gent and sound: good for pleasure or busi-
ness; $SJ. 433 Third st.
THREE fast road horses; also some good
business horses, at 721 Howard st.
FOR sale— Good family cow. fresh. 3263 Fol-
som St., bet. 27th and 2Sth.
FRESH cow and two calves for sale. Cor.
Twentieth and Minnesota sts. • ~-. ;
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
GROVE, 823 — House of 9 sunny rooms; modern
Improvements. Apply 823 Grove st.
FOLSOM, 2328— Bay window house, 7 rooms
and bath: rent, $23.
« ROOMS, bath and basement: 14 Reed .St.;
rent $15. Apply at 1323 Washington st.
$12 — REAR sunny house, 5 rooms. 2310 Califor-
nia st.; apply middle flat.
HOUSE CLEANIXG.
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co., estab. 1S30;
removed to 419 Devisadero sL. tel. Fell 138.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. RAYMOND: teaches hypnotism * mag-
netic healing for J5; five lessons. 937 Market.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Breastpin, made of seal teeth. Return
to room' 313. Call building: reward. ¦¦ »
LOST— Black and white English setter dog;
liberal reward. 3214 Jackson si.
LOST — Between Watsonville and city, broad
gauge, Thursday morning, hand satchel con-
taining Jewelry, money, etc.; return and re-
ceive liberal reward. W. H. PYBURN. Wat-
sonville, Cal.
ANT old thing; also diamonds, sealskins: money
on them; private entrance: perfect secrecy.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
jeweler, 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Maaon.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements arid
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, tel. South 732.
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers anJ balr cleansed; fine up-
holstery; expert carpet-cleaning and laying.
HOPKE BROS.. 313 and 320 Eleventh St.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, moved to 1018 Market,
opp. Sth: world-renowned ladles' specialist:
safe, reliable; practiced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 897 Market St., cor. Sixth-
Safe and reliable ladies' physician; treatment
$5- positive cure guaranteed: when others fail
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1007% Market, expert on dis-
eases of women: 15 years' practice in S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; ?5 at office; have cured thou-
sands of cases; unexcelled success; se« free.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist; 23 yrs.'
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office t5: any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Mirket— Ladles'
specialists: 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed: ladles treated can return same
day; HINDOO HERB home cure: stamps, dr.
DR. POP.PER, MRS. DR. LA TOUR, ladles'
specialists: new process; sure cure: no medi-
clne;every woman her own physlclan.323Kearny.
MRS. ! DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; cafe and sure cure, $5; best care; low
fees; when all others fall consult free.
MP.S. DR. GWYER. ladtes' specialist; home
for patients. 004 Eddy st.
DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs:
arlvlee free. 704 Sacramento st.. near Kearny.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc>
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
linoleum, new and second-hand : we always
have a- large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can eblp, everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1019, 1021. 103 Mission st.
- above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for $3 down and
$3 per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
st. ; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
A BEAUTIFUL pair genuine Lemalr opera
glasses for SS; worUi J15. UNCLE HARRIS.
15 Grant ave.
GASOLINE engines, new and second-hand; all
' sires; cheap; guaranteed. NEWELL, 63
Bluxome st.
ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery St.. sell
* at low - figures all , makes of ' second-hand
I typewriters. '
THOROUGHBRED Scotch Collie dog. 8 months
old. 1425 Grove St., North Berkeley.
A — 20-TON Howe- wagon- scale; compound
beam. Apply at 216 California st
THREE dozen choice laying pullets for sale
cheap. ' 728V4 Fourteenth St.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFO. CO.
ONE ZM h. p. Hercules; 1 4 h. p. Hicks gaso-
line engine: good order; bargain. 634 Mission.
ZD-HAND steam,- gas. oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White, 516 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: Iron and wood
planers,' lathes: 2d-hand.. J. Burke,' 139 Beale.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. * THE HER-
' MANN BAFE CO..- 417-423 Sacramento st~
MAGIC lanterns, new and :d-hand moving
pictures. BULLARP &.BRECK, 131 Post s t
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes THE
"WALTZ SAFE, 1W-U1 Market st, San Fran.
MiaCELLAXEOITS WAXTS. ___
WANTED— A lathe light machine wor.JP
that can be run by foot or electric power. Ad-
dresa Box 1223. Call office. ¦
WANTED— Schooner sixty to seventy-five tons.
Send particulars of age. size and price.
THOMPSON, box 1Z2S, Call office.
A— KLEIN" pays best price for clothln*. brlc-a-
brac, old gold. 109 Slith st. : phone Jessie 141.
LADIES' and gents' caat-cS clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom; teL Folsom 1131.
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. 5! LT
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market at.
MINES AND MINING.
MONTEZUMA Mining Co.'s copper stock (Wash-
ington) la the greatest bargain on the market.
Development work Is being pushed, and mlnea
will be producers during the coming «umnaer.
Par value of stock, %v, during January tt !a
offered at 6 cents cash and 7 cents on In-
stallments. The investment of a small sum In
this biff company will give largre returns. Pros-
pectus, maps and ores at our office or*by matl.
AMERICAN GUARANTT AJTD TRUST CO..
Selling Agents. 810 Safe Deposit bMg.. 9. r.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
Interest in Estates
• . "Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and alz»*
_ solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 830 Market
A ~ MONET to loan at rates- which people 35
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
feir friendship; do business with strangers
* n ?,, 7 ? n wln ** better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rocms 3 and 10. »06 Market st.
ANY amount at 8 per cent: 1st. 2<1 and Sd mort-
traps. undivided interest, r»al estate in pro-
Bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business els«-
where. R. McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 1
A! *~ r Proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HAIXORAX & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. <US Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
A— J5C0.C00 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Plxth":
highest price for old goH. sliver, diamomls.
ANT amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc. ;
no removal: no commission: strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory Mrlg., 201 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room «S.
JICO.COO TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. UNCLE HARRIS. 13
j Grant ave.
: MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
I HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
WOO.MO TO loan on real estate or for building;
_ low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 223 Sansome. rm. ?.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: 6%: ur.di-
vle'ed Ints. : estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott b!g.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 3S8 Parrott bulM-
ing; men can secure loana on personal notes.
CASH loaned on salaries; New Tork plan.
THE THUS LEY CO.. 321 Parrott bids.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private parry: \
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note withiut
Indorser. MORBELL. 609 Examiner bullrllr.?.
I TO salaried people without collateral or i-i-
dcrser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan h';r.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
cTnci^R^G~~n7rrrrr.".?r.7r?7rTi^^ rn
Great Union on
Halnes Broa 100
Hallett & Davis \\-
Sherwood & Son , CO
Kramer Bros 1«')
Benrlder ." 1*1
Arlon ISfl
Schiedemeyer ISO
Sterling .» JTS
Curtaz ;»¦>
Standard re,
Conox-er 2)0
Easy payments if desired. It will pav you
to see BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 1« O'Farn>:i
st.. Chlckerlng Agency.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay tt Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most r?-
llable makers to choose from. Each the b"*t
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and lo-w
priced pianos for a new Steinway any tlrn»
within three years from date of purcua'".
Beautiful nrw uprights sold for )S cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some gool
pianos for J3. S4 and J5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAT & CO., Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. fean Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oak-
Iand.
AN opportunity of a lifetime. Will sell the
following pianos: Guild $37 M
Novella upright S7 00
Weber 125 «
2 Heines S290 and 4» iv>
Hallet-Davis 4?s r.o
30 new pianos at $132. HEINE PIANO CO..
217 G«ary St., agents Hallet-Davis. oldest and
most famous pianos in existence. Our new
rent contract you have privilege to return
piano If not satisfied.
BEAUTIFUL Chlckerlng upright: cost $175.
now $275. HEINE PIANO CO.. t!7 Geary st.
IF yon buy. when you buy. buy a "good buy"
or" else it will be a "good-by" to your money"]
and your peace of mind. Save all trouble byJ
buying a fine Decker & Son piano at M.v; -'
VAIS'. 763 Market St.
rLEOANT baby grand for gale -rery cheap. If
you want a real bargain here's your chance.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
PIANOS from $C0 upward at MAUVAIS'. TO
Market st.; cash or easy payments.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26. '
- 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
FOR sale or rent— A fine upright piano; terms
moderate. ST.S Mission st.
BARGAIN — Must b« sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. IS McAllister St., ne« Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNO. «g McAllister st.
ELEGANT 3-pedal upright: sacrifice: leaving
city; standard make. 324 Golden Gata ave.
A CLEARING out sale of "pianos In storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
BYRON MATTZY, agency Sohmer & Co.. Bvron
Mauzy. Gabler and Speilman pianos. JOS Post.
SPECIAL sale— Immense reductions: see our
leader, only 1150.^ BRUENX. 208 Post st.
t-PEDAL upright: nearly new: bargain; owner
leaving city. 2233 Mission st.
HIGH-GRADE planes; Steelt. Hardraan. Con-
over A others. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 314 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market «t.. 4 elegant up-
rlghts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock in city; new pianos. $3 per
month. SCOTT-CUKTAZ. B60 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. II.
MULLER. maker, repairer. I Latham plac><
on*.
PROBATE sale of oil stocks belonging to th*
estate of H. L. Woods; 400 shares of Diamond
Star. 10O shares of Sovereign. 2000 shares of
California. 5000 shares of Sunset King; call
and make an offer. C. F. MOORE. 933 Mar-
ket st.. room 4.
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Co. buys, develops,
exploits and sells oil lands: has exceptional
advantages for securing Eastern capital In
proved fields: communications confidential. F.
H. Hangman. Sec. Sth floor, r. S2. Mtlia bldg.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
DRIVES them crazy! My prices on stocks. I
buy and sell. LUND1X. 935 Market at., r. *.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
20 OR 40 acres for sal« in 24— 23— ?7. Kern Rlv»r
Oil District: a grand chance for a company If
taken Immediately. J. S. EWEN, 123 Cali-
fornia St.. roorA 407. San Francisco. Cal.
KERN River: proven territory; line of R. n."
Newton. Carmen ft Somes.- r. 104. ChmnlcTc.
PAIXTEIIS AXD PECORATOItS.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered. «
up. Jensen* Bath. 30« SlTth st. : open evening.
PALMISTRY.
Arrived— Prof. A. Myers, the celebrate(l~EuTo^
pean occultist and palmist: consultation $1.
1425 Mission, nr. 11th; 10 to 12m. 2 to 5 p. m.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI, scientific palmist. SIX
¦ Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 5S1 J
PATENTS AND PENSION*.
ADVICE free; ' no' charge unless successful
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, Lawyer. Examiner oi«-SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana S P Co. 7 VA. Kllauea S Co. 21% 21&
Haw C & S Co — 90 MaXaweU S Co 42 — ¦¦
Honokaa S Co 31% IVA Onomea S Co. 28% —
Hutch S P Co 26% 27H Paauhau S Co. 82& —
: MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
AI Pack Assn.125 125H Oceanic S3 Co.lOOV* —
Cal Fruit Asn. — 107 Pac Jl~F A... 3 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pao Bor CO...1S3 —
MerEx Aesn. 97 — >, Par. Paint Co.13% —
. Morning Session. I
Board- .- ..-i.,! >"••,¦ -•¦¦.. .
100 California Safe Deposit 10875
B0 Contra Costa 70 60
G Giant Powder C5.. 83 75
25 Hana Plantation Co 7 IZhi
70 Hutchlnson S P Co......';........... 26 75
. 70 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co...... 21 50
¦ 140 Makaweli 41 87tt
»3, 000 Oakland Transit Co 1% 115 00
J1.000 Oakland Water 5s.... 103 50
45 Onomea Sugar Co 23 25
10 Paauhau S P Co 82 37»4
' 100 Paauoau'S P Co.... 32 25
200 Spring Valley Water.. 9100
Street—
$2,000 Hawaiian C & S Co Es 104 12»i
$3,000 Northern Railway of Cal 5s 110 75 '
$2,000 Oceanic Steamship bonds 108 62»i
Afternoon Session.
\ Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 125 25
60 California Safe Deposit .....104 00
CO California Fruit Canners 106 00
• J2.00O Hawaiian C & S Co 6s.... 10* mi
20 Honokaa S Co....... 31 60
10 Makaweli 42 00
75 Mutual Electric Light .....6 75
60 Oceanic Steamship Co......... 100 25,
35 Paauhau S P Co...... 32 25
100 Paciflo Gaa Imp 44 25
137 San Francisco Gaslight 4 75
225 S F Ga3 & Electric Co....... 47 75
40 S.F Gas & Electric Co.... 43 00
80 8 F Gas & Electric Co.... 47 87%
6S F Gas & Electrto Co.. 43 12ft
25 S F Gas & Electric Co.... 48 25
60 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 90. '48 25
50 S F Gas & Electric Co...... 48 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co ......7 48 75
15 8 F Gas & Electric Co 's 90..... 48 75
; . 10 S F Gaa & Electric Co.... 49 CO
10 S F Gas & Electric Co.... 49 B0
60 S F Gas & Electric Co.. ...49 75
60 S F Gas & Electric Co. b B......60 00
23 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 00
35 Spring Valley Water.. t. 9100
$10,000 S V 4s bonds (3d mtge) 102 00
Street—
$5,000 Oakland Transit Co 6a...... 115 00
$25,000 S V 4s bonds (2d mtge), s 15... ...104 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— ¦-, .-".;."
100 Bear Flat r. .....: 47
1700 Cala-Standard 33
250 Caribou 54
BOO Caribou 53
100 Continental 110
1200 Four Oil Co B8
150 Four OilCo 67
60 Four Oil Co :... 59
6^ Hanford ...106 00
Hi Hanford ..* ..105 00
450 Home Oil -..4 00
175 Kern Oil Co 11 00
60 Kern Oil Co 11 12V5
60 Kern River 16 60
600 Lion Oil Co 23
10 Los Angeles O & T Co 4 50
100O McKittrick .• '..... 38
200 McKittrick Con 23
1900 Monarch of Arizona 79
20 Monte Cristo 2 25
200 Monte Cristo ' 2 20
10© Occidental of W Va , 65
300' Occidental of W Va... 64
10 Oil City Petroleum • 61
20 Peerless 9 50
50 Peerless 9 S~M
2500 Petroleum Center 25 .
1000 Queen Esther 70
800 Reed Crude Oil Co 71
lOOO'Reed Crude Oil Co "0
500 Reed Crude Oil Co. b 30 72
200 Sterlinis'O & D Co 3 40
50 Sterling O & D Co 3 35
Street— -' .
2200 Petroleum Center 24
140 McKittrick Consolidated 21
100 Shamrock SO
. Afternoon Session.
Board—
500 Bear Flag '..' 45
COO Cala-Standard 3S
BO Century 55
7) Century 54
100 El Dorado 175
500 Four Oil Co ~. 57
lOOHomeOll 4 10
1000 Independence 20
500 Junction 79
40 Kern River 16 50
600 Lion Oil Co 22
2830 Lion Oil Co "21
25 Los Aneeles O & T Co 4 50
5 Los Angeles O & T Co 5 00
11G0 Monarch of Arizona SO
600 Monarch of Arizona 79
5 Peerless 9 00
20 Peerless : 9 60
1000 Petroleum Center 24
300 Reed Crude Oil Co 70
50 Fan Joaquln Oil & Dev 13 37',
50 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 13 50
25 Sterling O & D Co ........ ..:.*f. 8 25
200 Wolverine .. 1 70
I PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
S't -U "•.. FRIDAY. Jan. 18—2:30 n. m.
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the' sales In the San Fran
clsc<} Stock and, Exchange Board yesterday:
" Morning. Session.
BOO Best & Belcher 27j 100-Ophlr .......... 68
200 Challenge ..... 22 100 Ophir .......... 87
500 Choliar 12 5fA Overman 15
1300 Con Cal & Va.l 80 MtO Savaee 18
BOO , Con New York 02 10O Sierra-Nevada 23
600 Crown Point.. 15 100 St Louis..;.... 10
200 y Gould & Curry 43 BOO Yellow Jacket. 19
1000 Mexican 34
-; ¦ ." . : Afternoon Session.
! 200 Best & Belcher 24 300 Hale & Nrorss 18
100 Caledonia 72 400 Mexican 31
100 Choliar ........ 12 BOO Ophlr .......... 63
650 Con Cal & Va.l 65 100 Overman 15
100 - Confidence .... 60 200 Sierra Nevada 21
100 Gould & Curry 40 • , .
-Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: "¦¦ ¦.
., : Morning' Session.
; 800 Belcher ........ 15 800 Hale & Nrcrss 21
SOOBest & Belcher 27 700 Mexican 34
600: Best & Belcher 26 BOO Ophlr ,63
BOO Best & Belcher 25 300 , Ophlr ..:. \Jl
400- Challense Con. -21 50O' Ophir £.66
600 Con Cal ft Va.1 80 40O Ophlr .......... 65
800 Con Cal & Va.1 85 BOO Overman ..;...^15
1000 Con Cal & Va.l 75f 800 Silver Hill..... 48
.400 Cn Cl & Va.1 72V4I 500 Union Con.."... 27
¦ r- , - Afternoon Session.
1400 t Beat & Belcher 23 400 ¦ Mexican ...... 81
BOO- Best & Belcher..22 1200 Mexican ...... 29
400- Challenge Con. 20 400 Ophlr ......... 64
300 Con Cal & Va.1 70 1700 Ophlr 81
1600 Con Cal & Va.1 60 300 Overman 15
"100 Confidence r.... 60 100 Savage 17
200 Gould & Curry 42 400 Savage ."7...... 18
500 Gould & Curry 40 B00,81erra Nevada. 20
200 Gould & Curry 39 800 . Sierra Nevada. 19
600 Gould & Curry 86 200 Union Con 24
* CLOSING QUOTATIONS. ¦
FRIDAY, Jan. 18—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Justice .;. ©8 09
Alta ........... 08 . 05 Kentuck .....„_ 01 08
Andes ......... >07. 08 Lady. Wshngtn — 02
Belcher :....... 12 13 Mexican ...... 28 29
Best & Belcher 22 24 Occidental -04 OS
Bullion.... 02 04 Ophlr .......... 60 61
Caledonia'..... ¦ 70 -' 72 Overman ...... 15 18
Challenge Con.' 20 K Potosl,......... 09 -.-10
ChollaiT........ 11 12 Savage ........ 18 17
Confidence-.... 58 60 Scorpion ....... — .04
Con Cal & Va.l 65 ' 1 60 Seg Belcher ..01 04
Con Imperial.. 01 .02 Sierra Nevada .1$ 20
Con New York 01 — Silver Hill;.... 43 4S
Crown}Point.. 12 14 St Louis....... — '•> 10
Eureka'Con... 35 — Standard .'....A 25 4 60
Exchequer .'....'— 02 Sj^ndlcate ..... 09 11
Eureka Con.... — 35 Union Con..... 23 24
Gould & Curry 35 40 Utah*.........-05 07
Hale & Nrcrss '16 17 Yellow Jacket. 15 18
'Julia';.......:.. '02 .. 03 -,¦..¦;..• :.:)\ /;'",,¦
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
" Fannie M.; Bettls to James F. Hoiigrhton. lot
on 8: line •• of • Broadway. 182 >W of Franklin,
WJ31 by S 100; J40O0. , . -
-i Bernard - S. ¦ Miller > to ¦. Solomon and Aaron
Miller, ¦-; Henrietta, Llchtensteln; and Charlotte
Elpenberg. lot on -, NE corner' of j Geary - and
Laguna streets, E 77:1: by N 120: •' also lot on
N.llneiof Sutter street, 137:8 ¦ W, of. Larkin,; W.
68:9 by NilJO; gift.\ • = r
;¦:• George .W. • Costley to ¦ Margaret Costley, lot
cn NJine of Duncan street,'315:6 W,of Church,
HOTEL ABBIVAIiS.
PALACE HOTEL.
Dr B N Ward. USA
R W Thompson, Stnfd
W H Lelnart. Oakland
W J />Donnell. N Y
E P Terry. N Y
L F Menage, Minn
J Underwood, Chgo
W N Wrieht, Mich
Mr & Mrs Saunders,
Fresno
M "Hanline. Baltimore
E S Taylor, Chicago
C SDuhn. Portland
C Kohn, Portland
A H Kelly. B C
Mrs T L St Jean.Mont
E Block. New York
I* E "Whitcomb. Mass
S E Mallock. Mass
S E Mallock & w,
Canada
A>L Bonny, N Y
J I Dolan. Centervllle
C G KemDf, USA
G H Ismon, Oakland
R W Baird. Glasgow
Miss M Hunt. N Y
S Leon; New York
W Q Day, Stanford
G W Houston, N T
G W.TreadwelL'S <:•
M L Driver. S C
A R Maurice & w.N T
J R Trimble. S Jose *
G Sklpwlth. U S N
A Mundett. N T
J F Parkinson. Rlchmd
Mrs Parkinson, Rlchmd
Mrs H G Flake, N Y
Miss Stevens. N Y
G C Smith. N Y
J D Grisslm. S Jose
A W Foster. S Rafael
R I Bentley. Oakland
G H Emerson. Wash
M Bate Jr & w. B C
H J Hllderbrand. N Y
J J Sommer, N Y
J Dorf. New York
J D Strauss & w, Tex
F L Lantran A w.Mlnn
C L Jaeger. N J
Dr H L. Pace. Tulare
Dr T Ham. Snokane
J R Cravath. Cheo
E L Foucar & w, Colo
W E Mitchell. Stanfrd
GRAND HOTEL.
A J Hamilton. Cal
I>r J E Cohn, Nape.
H H Hunter. Colfax
I. Lee,: Santa Rosa
W F Coutts. Cal
R T Anderson. Oakld
J Tlsue & w. Louisvil
W . E MoldniD, Ala
Mrs E Champson, Cal
A K Lugger, Yaklma
W E Brooks. B C
J Fulton & w. Or
Miss Gilmour. Or
I> Fulton & w. Or
E Tasgurt, Grd Raps
J R Weeks. Ls Asig
A R Sutherland & w,
Los Angeles
N Price, CWcago
W- RatiBran, Boston
C F Weber. Oakland
J R Robinson, Chlco
I M Ross &. w. Wlnn
C F Esrscert, Seattle
L E Anburgr. Los Ang
A Blethen A w. Seattl
Mrs E C Ebsen. Cal
F A Antenrleth. Treka
A L Nichols. Chico
O F Relbel. SDOkane •
B Wilson. Stockton
J E Stubbs & w. Cal
R L, Beardslee. StocKn
M T> Cranley. Ls Ang
A Raymond. Cal
A B Eastrowd. Cal
E Green. S L Obispo
E J Isham. Sacto
J A Marian. Los Ans
R M Green. Orovllle
J Clarke. Pasadena
L F Reeter & w. Sac
G Mainhart. Or Valley
Mrs J A Apsley, Mass
A A Eckstrom, Ls An
A de RochebrOiin. Cal
DrBW Doyle. Fresno
O Doyle, Fresno
J H Ambrose. Cal
C E Robin. Colo
C Rowell, Fresno
R C Irvine. Sacto
G O Hayford. Sacto
M Diepenbrook. Sacto
Mrs E B North. Sacto
Miss North, Sacto
F E Falor. Eureka
Mrs E C Laugnour.Cal
F C Brewer & fam.
Portland
NEW WESTERN.
8 E F.allard, Sta Rosa
B L Jordan & w. A T
II Stowe. San Mateo
W W Harris. Sta Cruz
A R Moulton, Chicago
J J Foley, Salem Mass
Chas McKlnnon. Mass
Chas Manninjr. Boston
J R Ersley, Boston
H L Bullard. Cinclnnat
M H Maclntlre. wf &
cousin, Fresno
J Hynes & wf, St Luis
W Herchfeld. Honolulu
H Herchfeld. Honolulu
Miss M Ricottl. Hnlulu
O W Wentworth, Sacto
C C Mitchell, Clftn. Ar
L. H Mitchell. cutn.Ar
Mrs B Mitchell. Ariz
?M!ss L M Mitchell. Ar
Mrs P J Murtha. Hnlul
The Woman's Home Missionary Society of
M. E. Church (owners) with John Dyar (con
tractor), architect C, I* Haynes— Alterations
and additions to building at 912 Washington
street, 45 by 125; $6330.
H. E. Law (owner) i with Vermont Marble
Company (a corporation) (contractor), archi
tect Albert Button— Marble work, except basin,
slabs and backs for alterations and additions
to a two-story attic and - basement frame
building on NE corner of Van Ness avenue an<j
Vallejo street. N 67:6, E 27, S 7:6. E 33, 3 60,
TV 62; $1753.
John Klelnhans to Elizabeth Klelnhans, lot
on NE corner of L street and Eighth avenue.
N 181:2. E 155. S ISO. TV 146; also lot 9. block 5.
College Homestead; also lot on N Una of Dun
can street, 190 TV of Sanchez, TV 25 by N 11*;
also lot on S line of Beach street, 137:8 TV of
Hyde. TV 68:9 by 8 187:6; also lot on N line
of Twenty-seventh avenue. 150 TV of Tevla. NW
60 by SB 200. block 23. Salt Marsh and Tlda
Lands; gift.
Builders' Contracts. '
W 23:6 by N 105; also lot on N line of Duacaa
street. 127 E of Sanchez. E 23:6 by N 105; $1500.
Rebecca J. Dreyer to George H. Dreyer, lot
on W line of WlMard street, 100 N of McAl
lister, N 50 by W 100; JL
Laura M. Taylor '. to Jacob 'Wagner, lot on
S line of Fourteenth street, 175 B of Sanchez,
E 25. by S 125; J500. •
Estate James M. Taylor (by Montell Taylor,
executor) to same, same; $1503.
Albert J. Schohay (Shohay) to Marguerite
Burr; lot on E line of Scott place. 112:6 N of
Pacific N 26 by B 56; $2000.
Felice Brun to Anna J. Bran, lot on E Una
of Taylor street, 20 N of Derby place (Oak
place). N 20 by B 67:6; $3000. ;
¦ Mary Broughton to John and Mary Manning,
lot on N line of Tehama street, 223 W of
Fourth. W 25 by N 75; $2000. >'
T Jcseph Graham to Margaret Graham,' lot on
NE Una Of Morris (Park) avenue, 200 SB of
Harrison. SB 25 by NE 80; gift.
H.-« and Elizabeth Blaney to Thomas
E. Straban, lot on S line of Twentieth (Napa)
street. 15 W of Missouri. W 25 by S 100; $950. .
Charles F. Adams to Julia CConnell. lot on"
N line of Eighteenth (Solano) street, 75 W of
Pennsylvania avenue. W 25 by N 100; $1500. «
Jule V. McLaughlln to Solomon Gets, lot on
B line of Ninth avenue, 125 S of Point Lobos
avenue. S 25 by E 120: $500.
Ida M. Osborn (wife of Charles S.), William
Keat, 8ophia Braddock, Fannie Leemlng (wife
of Frederick B.) and Emille Black (wife of
Robert C.) to John Mogan, lot on E line of
Kighth avenue., 172:7% N of Fulton street <D)
street. N 23 by TO 120; $1000.
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL^ SATURDAY, JANUARY 19, 1903 .
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued Prom Page Ten.
13
STOCKS.
Bid. 1 Asked.
American Fuel & (Ml Co.......
California-Standard
Caribou: .-.
HI Dorado
Pour
Hanford, Fresno, Kern River.
Homo
Independence .........*
Kern '.
Kern River
Lion Oil Co..... ;¦'
Los Angeles O & T Co
McKlttrick Consolidated
Monarch of Arizona.
Bear Flag
Black Jack
Central Point ..
Junction
Monte Crlsto ......;...
Occidental of West Virginia...
Oil City Petroleum.. ~.
Reed Crude
San Joaquln O & D Co.........
Shamrock ¦".."... ....
Sterling O & D Co
Sunset Original . : .i
Twenty-eight ......; ....
Weutlake :......
West shore
Yukcn *
Continental
McKlttrick
Peerless
Pittsburg ..; .....
Senator- .....;
33 Oil Co ...
Wolverine
- ' 30 .
S3 39
S3 54
1 75 1 go
67 58
43 44
4 05 4 20
20 21
11 CO 11 25 ,
15 50 —
21 22
BOO —
82 36
79 80
42 - 50
1 30 1 50
1 — 4 00
78 85 •!
2 15 2 20
¦-- — -. 65
32 00 34 00
69: 71
13 57% 13 50
70 77
3 25 S 30'
'— •;,•-¦ 45
.:-¦ 2 37H
25 27
405 5 00
60 —
- — — 1 10
23 25
9 25 9 50
25 35
2 20 —
10 60 —
1 72'/5| 1 75
VAN NESS ave., 1401 and 1408. NW. cor Bush
—Elegant sunny suites and apartments
housekeeping; private baths; telephone; elec-
tric lights; sun all day; gas ranges; running
water In every room; will be arranged, clean-
ed painted and newly furnished to suit.
WILLOW, 10. off Larkin, near Eddy— 2 rooma
for general housekeeping; $12. _^
STOCKTON. 603— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; single or suite; also housekpg rooms.
SEVENTEENTH. 8650— $8; sunny front room
complete for light housekeeping; one person.
WHY wear yourself out hunting for rooms?
We will do that for you. ELDER RENTAL
INFORMATION' BUREAU, 636 Market St.;
tel. red 2334. -.: -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1088
Valencia street.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms 25o
to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
ROOMS TO LET Fora, ana Unfnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL! 821 GranTave"— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance: large rooms: modern conveniences;
rooms 50c up; first-class meals 25c; free coach.
EURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
clshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 620 (The Elk)— Nicely furnished sunny
rms; day 25e up; wk. $1 50 up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
DORLAND, 85, off Guerrero, between 17th "and
ISth— 2 furnished rooms: reasonable.
GEARY. 40B(The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rms; suites or single; travelers accommodated.
ELLIS. 671— Furn. rooms: priv. family: modern
Improvements: phone; owner occupant: refs.
GEART, 623— Double parlors; suitable for phy-
slcUn; also 2 basement houeekpg. rms.; refs.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
LAS PALM AS, 1S20 Market st— Suite of J or J
rms; private; bath; sin. rms; board optional.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., January 2, 1901 —
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will ' be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock, a. m., January
22, 1901, and then opened, for construction of
Hospital Steward's Quarters at Fort MoDow-
ell, Cal. Government reserves right to reject
or accept any or all bids In whole or In part.
Preference given to articles of domestlo pro-
duction, conditions of price and Quality (in-
cluding In the price of foreign productions the
duty thereon) being equal, and such prefer-
ence given to articles of American production
produced on the Paclflctoast, to extent of .con-
sumption required by the public service there.
Information furnished on application to J.
M. MARSHALL. Deputy Quartermaster Gen-
eral. Chief Q. M.
MCALLISTER, 471— Back parlor and single
room; suitable for gentlemen.
A WEEK'S news for 5c— The Weekly Call, 16
pages. In wrapper, for mailing;. $1 per year.
ROSEDALE House. 819-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 85 to $4; open night.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms- and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, !5c to $1 50; week. $2 to
$5; month, $S to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
S. F. ROOM-RENTING Bureau, 927 Market
St., room 294 — 300 choice rooms; free list.
BACRAMEXTO. 2S39— A large nicely furnished
bay-window front room: private family; $10.
F.HERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.
£ near Market— ¦furnished or unfurnished.
Julius S^cheil, 28, 2729 Twenty-third street,
and Margaretha Stammer, 85, 240 Sunnyside
avenue.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Harry T. Montgomery, 23, St. Paul, Minn.,
and Jayne C. Fulton, 22, Hudson. Wls.
Frederick S. Low, 81. 834 O'Farrell street,
and Marie Redinger, 27, 1150 California street.
Thomas F. Kelly, 30. 124 . Leroy place, and
Ella Z. Sample, 34, 4S3 Geary Btreet.
Frank S. Wallace, 69, San Juan, and Mary
V. Moody, 64, city.
Harry J. Wilson. 26. 1935 Mason street, and
Mary A. Quirk, 26, 375 Chestnut street.
Joseph- McGinn, 26, 65 Clara street, and Mar-
garet Cornfoot, 28, 1023 Montgomery street.
ROOMS ' AXD BOARD.
BOILN. ,-
AXTELLE— In this city, January 14, 1901, to
the wife of H. A. Axtelle, a son.
SCHNEIDER— In this city, January 11. 1901,
to the wife of Frank F. Schneider, a daugh-
ter.
BIRTHS— MARRIAOES— DEATHS.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable.
First st.
BOARD and room by young lady: terms mod-
erate: references. Box 1209, Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD "WANTED.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex $07 California St., may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and BiE-htly rooms at modest rates.
TURK, 12J — Board and room, $30; home cooking;
also single rooms.
¦WANTED — A couple to occupy a large newly
furnished room In a private house; modern
accommodations; phone, gas, running water,
bath, etc.; very desirable location on Halght
st. Box 1212. Call office.
SUTTER. 350% — Changed hands; newly reno-
vated; single rooms. $8; suites. $12 to $25 mo.
SIXTH, E36A — 2 nice front rooms; running
water; fireplace; furnished or unfurnished;
board optional: private German family.
MCALLISTER. SO— 3 furnished rooms, 1 house-
keeping: bath, gas; reasonable.
LEWIS place, 18, off Taylor, near Post — Fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms to let; single
or en suite.
JESSIE, 863, near Fifth and Market— Furnished
rooms; H and {5; housekeeping, $9.
JOHN ELDER CO.. Rental Information Bu-
reau, 636 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel-
Parties having furnished or unfurnished
rooms, flats, houses or business property for
rent please list with us; we have perfect
facilities In the city for securing desirable
tenants; tel. Red 2334.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Mn»t«i"»'r «t.. room- 9-1(1; tf\. SSRH.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttle*: redu«-ed rate*. 145 fith: phone Mint 5.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
SEWING MACHINE* AND SUPPLIES.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 6713.
WILBON BROS., atorage and moving; oovered
vans. Tenth and Market; phone South 762.
TELEPHONES.
TELEPHONES, house or private lines. $4 60 a
set: electrical work Installed. 1S36 Pt. Lobos.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
¦ell better machines for leea money than any
house In the city; rentals. $3.- The Typewriter
Exchange, S36 California; telephone Main 266.
ALWAYS bargains In typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER,
110 Montgomery st.
: (CTFriends and acquaintances are . respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:80 o'clock, from the residence
of his parentB, 210 Montcalm street, - between
Twenty-eighth ¦ street - and ? Precita . avenue,
thence to St. i Peter's Church,, Twenty-fourth
and Alabama v streets, ' for ¦; services "•< at - 1
o'clock. -Interment Holy.Crosa Cemetery.",
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
- of her parents, 225 Fourth Btreet, between
Howard and Folsom. Interment I. O. O. F.
' Cemetery.
FOLDT— In city, January 18. 1901, Wil-
liam Foley, a native of ; Ireland, ¦ aged CO
years. "** ta * r -i fe "^ J Tf l " WpfrinftTif ifl!Wr<Tfl|
%y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
MeAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street. - between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FREDERICKS— In this city, January 18. 1901.
Joseph Fredericks, beloved husband of. the
late Josenhine Fredericks, father of. Charles
B. and A. Remy Fredericks and Mrs. W. ' E.
. Lichtenberg, . and brother ' of , Frank Freder-
icks of Virginia City, Nev., a native of
Westphalia, Germany, aged 70 years- and. 11
¦ months. (New York and Virginia City, Nev.,
papers please copy.) ¦¦'•' . ¦
(C7"Frtends > and acquaintances are ; respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from : Masonic Tem-
. pie, corner Post e and . Montgomery ¦¦ streets,
where the funeral services will.be held under
the auspices of Hermann : Lodge No.- 127, ~ F.
and A. M. Interment private. ;•. ; ( •"'
FOLET— Dennis J., dearly beloved son of Den-
nis J. and : Mary Foley, , and ; loving brother
of Mrs. , Joseph Fragley, Mrs. . Henry ¦» Hen-
drickson and Mary. George and John • Foley,'
a native of Eureka, Cal., ; aged , 24 years 8
months and 16 days. ' ¦ :-.-
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
j. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.
DOWNIE— In this city, January 18, 1901, Nel-
lie, dearly beloved daughter of Robert and
Mary Downle, a native of Ban Francisco,
aged. 1 year 1 month and 6 days.
DAVISSON— In Brooklyn, N. T., January 10.
1901, Alice Crawford, wife of R. G. Davisson.
ENGLER— In this city, Januarv 16, 1901. Anna
T., dearly beloved and only child of Bene-
dict and Henrietta Engler, granddaughter of
Mrs. Lorenz Engler and V. J. Hohmann, and
niece of "Mrs. F. Laub and Katharine -and
, German Engler, a native of San Francisco,
aged 19 years 6 months and 24 days.
¦¦. (£7Funeral takes place to-morrow (Sun-,
day), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late residence,'
9G Frcelon street, between Bryant and Bran-
nan and Third an.d Fourth, under tha aus-
pices of Golden Gate Lodge No. 3, K. of P.,'
thence to" Third and Townsend streets to. 11:30
o'clock train. Please omit flowers, tntar-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
DAVIDSON— In this city, January 17, 1901.
George 8. DavldBon. a native of California,
aged 39 years 11 months and 2 days.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. -
CRESSE— In this city, January 17, 1901, George,
dearly beloved husband of Mary Cresse,' and
father of Joseph Cresse, a native of Phila-
. delphla. Pa., aged 55 years 2 months and 17
days. (Philadelphia papers please copy.)
E7Frlends and acquaintances and members
of above union are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from tha parlors of Theodor Dierks,
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the -resi
dence of his parents, 826 O'Farrell street. In
terment Masonic Cemetery. , ;
CLARK-In this city, January 17, 1901, Freder-
ick Clark, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 88
years. A member of Piledrlvers' and .Brldge-
bullders* Union No. 1 of San Francisco.
[C^Notice of funeral hereafter. .
BRESNEHAN-In the City and County Hospi-
tal. January IS, 1901, Mary Bresnehan, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 50 years.
COOK— In this city, January 17, 1901," Jackson
Cook, beloved son of Charles and Lillian
Cook, ag-ed 1 year and 8 months.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1205 Howard street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BOSCUS— In this city, January 15, 1901. Min-
nie A., wife of John M. Boscus, a native ot
New Jersey, aged 35 years.
DIED.
Ackermann, Gottlieb Little. Robert A.
Baxron, Declan Mighell, Aille E.
Boscus, Minnie A. Mullot, Louts
Bresnehan, Mary Meyerhoff. Helene
Cook, Jackson McGonlgle. Phil
Clark. Frederick McEvoy. Mary Ev
Cresse, George Murphy. David
Davidson, George S. Nickel, Emila
Downle, Nellie O'Donnell, Margaret
Davisson, Alice C O'Brien, Mary
Engler, Anna T. Prebek, Emma.
Foley. "William Rlschmuller. Mrs. B.
Fredericks, Joseph Ryan, John
Foley, Dennis J. Scott, Emma D. -¦-. .1
Hllpiseh, Jacob Sweeney, Henrietta
Hahn,* Henry C. Tlmmons, Mary-
Hall. Mra. Delia Tullett. Frances %
Hansen. Emil Whelton. Margaret
Jens. Emma - Wlnkelman. W. D.
Jensen. Ellen . Williams, Frank J.
Kennedy. James Wall, Carlton G.
Logan, Carleta A.
ACKERMANN— In Bldrldge, Sonoma County,
January 18, 1901, Gottlieb, dearly beloved
husband of Mary Ackermann; and father , of
Ethel and Raymond Ackermann. a native of
Germany, aged 64 years.
BARRON— In this city, January 17, 1901, Dec-
lan Barron, beloved brother of Stephen, John,
Thomas, Michael, Man', Bridget and Ellen
Barron, and uncle of ¦ Stephen, Michael,
James. Walter and Kate Barron. a native of
Dungarvan, County Waterford, Ireland, aged
34 years.
ASSESSMENT NOTICE— Honolulu Sugar Com-
pany, location of principal place of business,
San Francisco, Cal.— Notice ls hereby given
that at a meeting of the board of directors,
held on the 17th day of December. 1900., an
assessment. No. 11, of nine ($9) dollars per
share was levied upon the capital stock of the
, corporation, payable Immediately In United
' States gold coin, to the secretary, at tha of-
fice of the company, S27 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid ¦ on the 30th day of January,
1901. , will be delinquent s and . advertised . for
sale at public auction, and unless payment
ls made before will be sold on Tuesday. -the
19th day of February, 1301, to fay the de-
linquent ' assessment, : together . with < the ' cost
of advertising and expenses of sale.'
E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary ¦ of Honolulu ¦ Sugar , Company.
Office located at 227 Market street, San
FrandSco. ""' IIIMftHI
ASSESSMENT NOTICE — Honolulu Plantation
Company, location of principal place of busi-
ness, San Francisco, Cal. — Notice ls hereby
given that at a meeting of the board of di-
rectors, held on the 17 th day of December,
1900, an assessment. No. 3, of one ($1) dollar
per share was levied upon the capital Block
of the corporation, payable immediately In
United States gold coin, to the secretary, at
the office of the company, 827 Market street,
San Francisco, Cal.
' Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 80th day of January.
1901,- will be delinquent and advertised for
sale at public auction, and unless payment ls
made before, will be sold on Tuesday, the
l»th day of February. 1901, to pay the de-
linquent assessment, together with the cost
of advertising and expenses of sale. ¦
E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary of -Honolulu Plantation Company.
Office located at S27 Market street, -, San
Francisco. Cal. " .
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1M0: shlpptns- at cut rates.
n:RSO.\A.LS.
vriLL. GEO. D. HEYDLAUFF senl his addrees
• o :'C£ Ean Pablo ave., Oakland, Cal.?
Siy wife. J^ncarnacion Kayer, having left my
bed and board. I am not responsible for any
fietits contracted hereafter by her.
THOMAS E. KAYER.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
yea :V experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
$S OR iSOOO to loan on diamonds, sealskins, sll-
verware, all valuables. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Orant ave.
vine pults, J10; drees pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
A-$3 to DERBY and Fedora hats, II 75. Popu-
lar Trice Hatters, 330 Keamy St.. near Pine.
i:LECTRIC light. In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
£5c to U 50 rer nigrht; $1 60 to $6 per week;
fre» 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
V# CONDORY. M. D.. assistant physician to
Dr. W. T. Garwoofl: office hours. 10 to 12. 2 to
4, 6 to 8 p. m.; tel. Brown 131. SOI gutter ft.
WHY gues>s? You are certain of style and fit by
using Standard Patterns: February styles
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE, ltd Market st.
WHITE enamel iron b^s. e'.r.ple. three-quarter
or double. U =S- EASTERN Ot TFITTINO
CO., 1S10-1312 Stockton eu. near Broadway.
GREAT curiosity: a petrified fish; fee 25c. 850
Market St.. parlor 3T.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON'. 1118 Sutter St.
MAFOUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 723 Mkt.
X>R LAMOTTES French Corn Paint, the best
ccra cure; ;.'c: all druggists.
SIME. HOPKINS' new discovery for rheumatism;
positive cure. S06 Market, office 22, 2d floor.
ALFREUUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color: II; at all druggists.
PHYSICIAXS AXD Sl'RGEO.VS.
TJR~C C. O'DOXXELL— Office anTresldencV,
IC21H Market Et.. between Sixth and Sevrnth.
PROPERTY* WANTED.
¦tt'AXTED— Income property for cash; must be
bargain. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
BEAL ESTATE CITY KOll SA'.C.
HAVE you a rne&ium-sired residence either on
• Guerrero, San Jose av«.. Church. Chatta-
nooca. Fair Oaks or cross FtreetB. not be-
yond Hth. that is modern built that you are
willing to sell very cheap? Then call on
W. J. GUXN. ISO California Et.. between
Montgomery and Kearny.
IK you have property north of the Park and
you with to tell quick:?, then call on W. J.
GUNX. r:3 California st.
FOR *ale — Earrain; near the new San Mateo
carhouse: modern cottage: 10 rooms, green-
house, etable. outho'Jtcs: with fine pasturage
fcr horse and cow; let 73x112:6 S3 Lee ave.,
south of Ingletide Coursing Park.
FOR sale— An exceptional barpaln In that ele-
gant 10-rootn ur-to-date residence. 775 Cole
st.< new; elegantly decorated; open dally.
MODERN house* bu!U: lowest prices: plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
REAL ESTATE — COC.VTRT — For Sale
A "FNAP" — Peculiar circumstances cause own-
er to F&criSce at half actual value 72Mj acres
fmifrht FUhfiivlde) very best land and location
in the ••lovely Napa Valley." adjoining R. R.
Btatl< n. near Napa City and steamer landing,
within free mail delivery; all highly cultivat-
ed level loam, now In crop; not inch of waste;
iinequaled for fruit, vines, corn, lovely home;
has rented for $10 acre; offered for $C0; could
not buy adjoining- land for less than $150.
RESIKMBEU-I am accurately acquainted
with more country property for Eale and ex-
change than all other agents In S. F.; 300H
ran^he* on my list. State what's wanted
and get reliable descriptions of bargains.
N. P. SICKELS. the Land Agent, 6 Geary st.
CAI-L r,n MARION GHIFT1X. "19 Market St.:
chicken ranches, orchards, eeneral farms and
Mock, ranches; several hundred all over State;
I rirtcd lifts. I pay buyers car fare.
$5 AX acre. ISO acres, deeded homestead; clear
creek land, for vegetable?; Cooe Co., Orefron.
JL GRIFFIN. "19 Market, nr. Call building.
vFnrTE J. W. HORN, BIS Main, Petaluma. for
fr«-e oorr f't Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
I-ROOSI cottape, tank and windmill on gt>od
lot; on raved Ftreet: In rood order; only
SI2ML MAT & MORTIMER. 213 Center St..
F^rketey.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE "aTTCTION EALE, "
SATURDAY. January IS. 1301. at 4 p. m.
Ss'.'irroom, 15C1 I'ark St., Alameda.
The fcliowlns collection of houses and lots
are to be aold regardless of value; most of
them belong to estates and must be sold. If
you desire a home this is a chance you may
Bet t'l acaln for some time.
No. 1-Kxecutors' ts.1t; choice piece of Park
«. rrcperty will be sold regardless of Park st.
value*: lot E0xl£0: house of 7 rooms; Park St..
car Clement ave. —
ICo. I— First-class piece of property, situated
In the warm belt cf Alameda; convenient to
tra.:r.s ar.d cars; fine 7-rocm house; 2309 Lln-
cf!n ave.: lot 60x135. Terms can be arranged.
No. S— Fine residence lot. EOxlSO; Central ave..
r.»ar High et. ; by order cf the Alameda Bank.
Terms part cash.
No. <— Administrators* eale of choice resl-
Aen^ lot. €7:6x140; on Pearl St.. near Santa
Clara ave. Will subdivide. Terms can be
trranped.
No. 5— Administrators' sale of 4 cottajres and
l"ts en Bank St.. between Oak and Park: also
dm tot on Oak st., opposite City Hall. Terms
rart each.
No. 6— Beautiful lot. EOxlSO; Is situated In the
f.nen location In Alameda: on Central ave.,
r«>ar Chestnut Et.. between broad and narrow-
f au?e depots. Owner Klves Instructions to ecll
on any bid. Small cash payment.
No. 7 — Cottaue and lot. southeast corner Post
an<l Madison Ms. : aJ«o lot adjoining; must be
boW un account cf owner Eflng East.
No. fc-Adininlrtr&tora' sale. Beautiful cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath: lot 50x150; located
In xh* warm belt; £9S3 Johnson ave. Terms,
J?nr, can remain on m-jrteage at 7 p«r cent.
No. *-F!ne lot, 60x159; on Elandlne; ave.,
near Park st.
N>. Ift-Fl&t moflern 7-roora house and lot;
rood kK-ation; H29 Enclnal ave.. near Lafayette
et.; near fhe*tnut i>t. station.
J. A. ML-XRO & CO., Auctioneers,
IRS Park St.. Alameda.
Telephone Grand 1TC.
*23V}— GOOD cottar*, 6 rooms; lot 4Sxl50; 13M
cash, f3> per month. $1800 — Xew cottage, S
rooms; fine location; Pr*) cash. New house 8
room*. J300 cash, J49 per month. J. H.
TOITXG. builder, 1U3 Park ft.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD BOARD. .
TVE offer elegant ruite cf rooms and board In
*e!ect private home In Alameda to refined
ormpl»: referenres required. Box 363. CalL
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFFICE—1I18 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND RHAIj ESTATE.
Js&OO FOR a tlO.OOO property; lar^e corner" lots
10-rocxn house; near business center and local
train; positively a treat bargain; space will
not permit extollln* its rood Qualities. If a
No. 1 house and a bargain ls .wanted call
early. Beetns ls believing. J. 8. MTERS &
CO.. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
tlO.OOG-HOME cost to build. $15,000- 10 rooms
and bath; lot EO-foot frontage; almost at Four-
teenth and Broadway: choicest location; epace
will not permit In the ad to extol Its cbarmlrg
qualities; the finest and best home ever of-
fered for eale at such sacrifice; must be sold
to close an estate; seels* i s believing: call
«*rly. J. S. MYEKS & CO.. 10C2 Broadway
Oakland.
J220&-ONLT 1300 cash, balance easy; new bung-
alow cottag* 6 rooms; porcelain bath and lat-
est in everything; cute and cozy; near broad-
gauge; dose to cars, schools and business
center; would cost $2500 to duplicate J S
MYERS A CO.. 10W Broadway. Oakland. *
OAKLASD FCE.MTCRB FOU SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ItOOMS FOB, HOPSEKEEPI5O.
ELLIS, 1127— Houeekps: nicely fur. front room,
with kitchen attached; bath, yard and crate.
ELLIS, 3 472— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; furnished; use of parlor, bath, yard
and telephone; rent $15.
I ILLMORE, €18, near Hayes— I housekeeping
rooms, furnished complete; cheap; refined
family. • . - . r '"
HTDE, 49S— Sunny front alcove suite; complete
for housekeeping? no children; $30.
MCALLISTER. SO00. cor. Central ave.— 2 nicely
furn. rooms for houselcpg. tg; running water.
MINNA. 237. bet. 2d and 4th (New Tork House)
—Single, double and housekeeping roonu.
MISSION, 645 — Front room and kitchen, com-
plete for housekeeping. ¦ ' ¦
SECOND, 212— Neatly furnished rooms; clean
&ni respectable; reasonable.
THE Glrls*~ Directory Orphan Asylum gives
notice that the following orphans, half-or-
phans and abandoned children have been re-
ceived Into the orphanage from July 1, 1900,
to Dec. 31, 1900: Bertha Wess. 11 yrs.; Fred-
erick, 4, and Ray O'Brien, 2 yrs. 9 mos.;
Cella, 4. and Willie Flynn. J yrs.: Mary Mc-
Laughlln. 11 yrs. 3 moe.; Mamie Mullaney, 7;
Ann Mullaney, 2 yrs..l mo.; Christopher Mul-
laney, 6 yrs. ; Jim Power, 2 yrs. 1 mo. ; Violet,
6 yrs., and Bert Rlppon, .4 yrs.: Irene Pel-
man. S yrs. 10 mos.: Mary Purdy, E yrs. 1
mo., and Alice Purdy, 1 yr. 6 mo.; Ethel, «
yrs., and Clar Johnson. 8 yrs.; Maria Al-
bach, 6 yrs. 1 mo.: Joseph, 5 yrs. 2 mos., and
Julia Kennedy, 2 yrs. 10 mos.; Hazel Adams,
11 yrs.: Llllle Albertlen, 7 yrs. 4 mos.; Annie
DefJecnla. 9 yrs. 3 moa.: Hilda, 3 yrs. 10 moa.,
and Myrtle Deffechla. 2 yr». ; Joseph. 2 yrs. 4
mos., Louis. 4 yrs. 10 mos.. Delia Jeffers, 10
yrs.; Elwood. S yrs., Howard, 6 yrs.; and
Maude Wesley. S yrs,: Rose Hurbert, 5 yrs.
4 mos.. Edwin. 2 yrs. 1 mo., and Rachel Vall-
vard. 1 yr. ; Joseph MacCort. t yrs. 1 mo.;
Frank Hynes. 1 yr. 3 mos.. and Addle Hynes,
2 yrs. 8 mos.; Irene Moody, 8 yrs. 1 mo.;
Frank Balenjar, 5 yrs.: Joseph, 10 yrs.' 10
mos., Luke. 4 yrs., and Fanny Vydan, 2 yrs.;
Burpi)* Glbbs, 1 yr. € moa.: Mary, 5 yrs., Jo-
seph. 2 yrs.. and Marearetta Olsen. 6 yrs.;
Lillian Radcan, 7 yrs. 1 mo., and Laura Rad-
can, I yrt. 8 mos.; Alfred Breilla, 6 yrs.;
Willie O'Farrell. 6 yrs. 2 mos.; Mary, 8 yrs.,
Ethel. 4 yrs. 10 mos., and Kate Rowan, 3
yrs. 2 mos.: Eva Bony, 7 yrs. U mos. ; Ger-
trude, 4 yrs., and Jim Daly, 2 yrs. « mos.;
Clara, 8 yr»., and Mary Lonta, 6 yrs.: Geonce,
4 yrs.. and Hubert Kannfeld, 2 yrs. 2 mos.;
Fred Fraper. 5 yrs. 3 mos.: Maria Schoofer. 10
yrs.: Mary Coonan. 4 yrs. 7 mot.: May, 7 yrs.
4 mos.. Joseph, 4 yrs., and Agnes Filling, 6
yrs. C mos.
(Successor to Flan na ran & Gallagher.) '
H»st«- 1 DANIEL P. ¦ DONOVAN, ¦ Mgx. ' liaWW
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND E11BALMER3.
. 20 Fltth St., opposite Lincoln School.
. Telephone South 80. : »¦
HENRY J. GALLAGHER COl
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
- . : LcaTe Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Daily. Dally. Dally.
Lt. Pan Fran. 7:29 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton . 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 9
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno... 2:W p 2:35 p 1:05 a
'* Hanford. 4:22 p 8:27 p 7:0« a
*' Vlsalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulara ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a ........
" Bksfleld . 1:50 p 3:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 1:41 a 7:30 a
" Chicago ......... M5 p 9:00 p
a for moraine, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train la the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Can through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld (or accommodation of local
first class • passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at .1:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. *m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free . Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at V:56 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. ls Bakerefleld Local, stepping
at all points In San ' Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
OfCeeF— Ml Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1118 Broadway. Oak-
land.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Vl« Sausallto F«rry.
'Commencing September 30. 130O.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAI*TjBT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-«:65. *i:\i. 11:00 a. m., 1M.
1:15. 4:00. CIS. *6:1S. 8:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 1:00 and 11:36 p. m. . \
6UNDAYS~»S:00. •10:00, 11:35 a, ro,,
S:15. »4:45. 6:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:20. •B-.M. 7:45. 9:S0 a. nv.
•12:30 1:45. »3:30. 4:30. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:20. •8:00. M0:00. »U:tt a. m>.
•1:40, *2:15. 4:45. *«:S0 p. m. .
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:45. 6:45. 7:55. »:30 a. ra..
12:J3. 2:10. »:30. 4:54. 6:20 D. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
8UNDAYS-8:05. 10:06 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15. 1:30.
COO, *:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN3.
•:S5 a. m. week . days — Cazadero and way
stations.
1:41 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
Btations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way
stations.
Are You
Interested in
Mexico?
We are thinking of running
a cheap 'excursion to Mexico
about March ist. Do you
care anything about it? Let
us know if you do. . ¦
. F. W. PRINCE;
Santa Fe Agent,
: 641 Market st. :
1 . RAILWAY TRAVEL.
"" - ¦"• ¦--¦„-,— ¦—».—, .-,.... —.—¦»».¦¦».¦...«
j; Sweeping i
Train i
t' * '
; San Francisco to
] Chicago on the :
j Santa Fe— she sweeps i
;• In 3 days. ]
;|: It seems but one on the i:
I California J
1 Limited i
•OUTMHKX rAViriO COXMTi
(rtoirio stitch.)
Trains !•»«• •»««! »r« Ju. t« ttrriv* al
MAN fr-UA»«:iM«'«».
(M*ln line. Foot ot Market Street)
LCATB — F*OM JXSVAKT L 1JQL — AWT1
7:30a. Bertid.%, Bulsua, Xbnba. VicaTllla.
Ramsey and Sacramento 7r43r
7iS0ADa?is, Woodland. Knlghta Lendin*.
Marjsfille. OrotUle 7«I3?
¦f:30* Atlantic Hxpress— Ogden and Eul lSilSr
8:O«* Martln«,B»uU»aion,V*i:ojo. !«»»•.
r Callston and Santa Roia CttSr
• 8:00a Klles, liTermore, Tncj, Lathrop,
Stockton TilSr
¦:3« a Bhuti I xpress— rXTlaWiUlaias (for
Bartlett SvrtnnX Wlltowa, .Baa
BluS. Portland. 1t*9r
IiSAa S>n Jose, Iifennon, Stockton,
lone. 8acr»inento. Pl»efTtill»,
M«nitlll», Chico. KedllluS 4itSr
*i3<»4 Oakd»!e. Chin««8, sonor*. C*rt«t... 4llSr
»s««* Htinrili, NiUsaud W»j 8t»tlooi. Ilt43*
9<O«aLos Angeles Express — Mutlnes,
Tracy. Lathrop, Htoektoa, Muoed
7resoo and Los Ancdes TilSr
9:3OA V*ilt ]... Martinez autOVar Stations Bi-Or
I O:O«a Tha OTerUnd Limited— Og den, Den-
»er, Omaha. Chicago *-.*ir
11:OOa KUes, Sloe* ton. rtaoramento. Men-
dot*. Fresno, Hanford. Vlsalla,
Formrllle «i!3»
IIsOOa LlTermoro. 8*ns-r. Ooahen Jan*.
Uon, Baknsttad. tos AnxslM .--...
fliOOr 8aeramento itlter Ste»iuei» |Sl«OA
3:OOr Howards, Niks and Waj 3UtIoni. Ot lir
4iOOr Martinex. H»u lUinon. Vallejo,
Nap*. U»ll«»K». 1»mU Keia Vtl-lt
1:oor Benicia. Winters. 8«eram«n*o,
Wouillaud, Kul«hU Laudinf,
MarrtTiUs. Ornillle I»)I3»
¦liSOp lUywardi. Nile* and S»n Jose t*«4»A
9:OOp Nile*. Lt»ermore, Stockton. Lodl ... >«i«Ja
jS.OOp aun.et Limited. El Paao. Nsw
Orleans and East. oI»i13a
,t:OOrTha Owl Limited— Tracy, Fietno.
Bakenfield. riangus for Santa Bar-
bara. Los Angeles !•»!»*
5iO»r New Orleans ExpreM— llakenflelil.
HanU Barbara. I,u« Annies. Dem-
inj. El Pa»o, New Orieans and
East , 7i*»4
«:OOf Haywards. Nllc»andSan Jose .''i'" 14
tOiOOr Vafleio -. Ill4»4
«ie«rO!imtel Mafl— Ogden. Chejrenne.
Omaha, Cbicago 13il5r
9i90r Oriental Mail-Ogden, Denter.
Omaha. Chioaao. «liar
7iO«p Oregou and CaJKornia l!ipr«i».N«o-
rHHieutu. M.ry.Ttlla. Ue.Ulii*.
rortlaixi, Puget Houtid ami Kast »>*!* A
,/lio.TpSaa Pablo, P»ri Cwta, UkrUaes ;.¦¦¦
and Way Stations 1 1*1?*
\9-.nSe VaH»j"--.. 7l4»y
fOAST I>I?IS1OS (^«rroir Vuge).
' (Foot ot Market Street. >
St I 3a Newark.Omrter?llle.Sao Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek,SautaOnia and way
BUUone ••— •«••»
taiISp Newark, Ceuterrills. 8au Joae, New
Almaden, Felton. noulder Creek,
8ant» Crua sod Frindpal Way
Stations I 1 ! 1 ?! 4
4il!lp Newark, San Jo«e. Lo» Gatoa SiAft*
a«:3Op Hunters" Exs<mlon. San Joaa and
'WaySUtlona t»«*wp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Tnm SU rllSOISCJ-rj.l tf Itrktt Strut (SU* I)—
17:18 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:33 l:09>.«. ¦*
rrtaOtltllS— FMt .tItu4««T.— 1*:00 |«:00 t3*«
10:00a.m. 13:08 8:03 1-03 B:18r.M.
tOASlilllTISJOX (nroi.HJ*m»).
(Third and Townwml 9U.)
t6ilOA Ooean View, bo.it a Han Krandseo.. t*>**'
7iO«» San Jo«e an«l Way Stations (New
Alinaden WaJnetdaysenly) HS»r
••••a Nan Jose. Trea I'luof. RatiU Cms.
PaelOo Gro<«. Faao Kublaa. Han
I .iila ObUpo, Snrf. Lompoe aud
rrlnel;>al Way SUtlom «ilw»
I»i«Oa Ban Jose a>id Way Stations. .X*
I Ii30a Han Joit and Way Btatlou* »i*«r
\*\ »3p Sao Mateo. Rsdwood, Menlo P»»k.
Palo Alto. 8*nta Clara, ban Jove.
Tres Ptaoa. Bauta Crn*. Saltnaa.
Monterey and PaolBo Orote tiwtS6fc
fliMp Baa Jose md Way Stations I 1 ??'
<4sl5p 8aa Jose and Principal Way Stallone wi43a
? SiOOr San Jose. Loa Gatos and Prinolpal
WaySUtlona ?!'i!*
3i»HrSanJoe«aaHn s rine«T<alW»TStatlooa •«*»*
«i3Or San Jose aud Way Stations 'S'lt*
«Hi4ap3an Jose and Way Btations 7iS0>
AforMorntai. f lor Afternoon.
tAnndayex<»tr.ted. I ;4«n<U» «¦!».
a Mondays. Wedaeadaya, Trlday*.
c Tn>id«ys, Tbar^daji, Sondait. w
a Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon ferry. Foot of Market St.
Gun Francisco to Gun Rafael.
TIBTJRON FERKI-i'OOT OB" MARKKT 8T.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13:35. t:30.
S:10, t:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip at U:M
p. m. Saturdays— Exua trips at VM and
11:30 D. m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. »:». 11:CO a. m.; 1:**, VM. **».
1:20 p. m.
San Rafaat to 6sn Franclaco.
WEEK liAYS-CUO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. ra.; UMS.
1:10, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:J4
and (:3S p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, «:4O, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:«. JH3S.
C-.2S p. ra.
Between Ean Francisco and Scnnetsea Part,
same schedule as above.
Leav* I In Effeet I Arrtre
San rranelaco. I Not. 7. 1900. I Ban Ftanelmop.
' Week I Sun- I I 8ua- I Week"
Days. J days. | Deattaatten. I days. | Days.
7:10 am S:00 am Kovato. 19:40 am t:40 aaa
1:10 pm f :30 am Petaluma. <:0S pm 10:15 am
»:10pm 5:00 pm Santa Ttcaa. 7:38 pm t:23 pta
Fulton.
7:J0 am Windsor. 18 JS am
Healdsburr.
Lytton.
• OeyservlU5. • _
1:80 pm ttt am Cloverdale. T:g pm •¦•a pta
7:J0ani| | Hopland I I
| 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| »^» pm
7:S0am ~~1 I 10:» am
. 840 am Gocmerine. 7:55 pm
8:W pm iifllpin
7:20 am S:00 am Sonoma 19:15 am a:4Aaa»
and I
1:10 pm 5:08 pm Glen Ellen. 1 (:05 pm l:flpa
7:30 ami 1:00 am t 110:40 am 10:25 ana
1:30 pml S:00 pm| Sebastopol. t 7:S pml 1:32 pm
States connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wast
Eprinra and Wnlte Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
(or Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Splines; at
Gey itvr 111 • (or Skaira Springs; at Cloverdal*
(or the Geysers: at Hopland (or Duncan
Springs. Highland Sprtnrs. Kelsey vllle. Carls,
tad Sprlnss, Soda Bar. LaJcepcrt and Bartlett
Spring's; at Uklah (or Vichy Sprlnss. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day" a. Riverside. Uerley'a. Bueknell'a.
Banhedrln Heights. HollvUle.Orr'a Hot Sprlnrt.
Mendoclno City. Fort Brass. "Westport. Usal.
Wllletta, LaytonrUle, Cummlnw, Bell"a Sprto«.
Harrti. Olsens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r*-
dooed rates.
On Sundays, round- trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket office, (50 Market St.. Chronic!* build-
tag. -_ *- X. RTAN.
H. C WHIT 1 NO, O«n. Pass. Act.
Gen. Manager.
MOUNT TAHALPAIS RAILWAY
' Leaves San Francisco, via Sa.usa.Uto Farry :
WEEK DAYS.... >:U a. m.; 1:43 and 4:00 p. cv
SUNDAYS 1:00, W;0O, U:30 and 1:13 p. m.
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and return.
$1 40. -
NEW TAVERJf OF TAMALPAIS NOW OWS m
T1rV>t o<^"<»« »*>1 XT»TV«f .f jjan.aiitn F*rTT.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KE.IR.VY ST. Establtebwt
In I -S3-1 (or the treatment of Private
IMsrases. Lost Manbood. Debility or
<1bu>aa» wearlnzon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cur«*"»rliea
others fall. Try him. Charges tow»
Cnrraj-naranlrrd. Call or writs*
»r. jr. F. «IBBO>, bau Francisco, Cai. _ •
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage, De-
. pot Quartermaster's Office, 86 New Mont-
gomery St., San Francisco, Cal./ January 19/
1901 — Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be
received at this office until 10 o'clock a, m. t
Friday, February 8, «1901, Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnishing Wool-
en Blankets, Drab Campaign Hats, Black
oak and chrome tanned Calfskin Shoes, Rus-
set Shoes, Nainsook Undershirts, Nainsook
Drawers and Chambray Shirts. Quantities to
be subject to an Increase of 20 per cent If
desired by this Department. Unguaranteed
bids and bids upon samples - differing from
standards and specifications, will under no
circumstances be considered; proposals for
less quantities than advertised for will be
entertained. Bids will be opened for the de-
livery of the same articles at either- the San
Francisoo, Boston, Chicago and Philadelphia
Depots, but none will be given consideration
for Inspection or delivery at other points
than those named above. Early deliveries
are essential. The rate and time of deliv-
ery must be stated by bidders In their pro-
posals, and no proposition should be made
which they are not positive that they can
absolutely fulfill. Preference will be given
to articles of domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality be-
ing equal (Including In the price of foreign
production and manufacture the duty there-
on), and euch preference will be given to ar-
ticles of American- production and manufac-
ture produced on the Pacific Coast, to the ex-
tent of the consumption required by the pub-
llo service there. The United States reserves
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
posals or any part thereof. Information and
blanks for proposals will be furnished on
application. Envelopes containing proposals
will be Indorsed "'Proposals No. 465," and
addressed to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG,
Quartermaster, U. S. Vols., Depot ' Quarter-
master.
(E7Frlends . and acquaintances : are . respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock,- from her late
residence, 12C6 Buchanan street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
- 'poBe of hersoul,- commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WINKELMAN— Inthls city. January 1«,* 1901/
:v William Dledriek Wlnkelman, beloved son of
¦.': Mr. ; and Mrs. ' P. - H. Rolff s < (formerly Wln-
.¦'. kelman),- : and brother of Mrs. , A. ; H. Harms
- and the late ; Fred Wlnkelman. . a native •¦ of.
San Francisco/aged 2S years and 4 months.
' • pry Friends * and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ¦ the funeral this day
(Saturday), at ¦ 2 o'clock, fr^om the residence
> of his parents, 601 ' Hayes street. • Interment
, Odd Fellows'. Cemetery. :' , i: _ , ,.
WILLIAMS— Ini this V.:- city, . January 17, 1901.
Frank : J.. '. beloved - husband • i of .« Ellen - Wil-
liams, •.' and Bon of the late George and Ellza-
¦y beth - Williams, and '_. brother of :- Kate, Josie
ana Richard .Williams, Mrs. J. V.- ; McGlnnis
and ; Mrs."*, J.v? J.' ,'• Amend. * a* native j of . San
i Francisco.',: aged ' 81 x years ,t months - and . 0
..." days. '- ¦¦ ; --;r. -¦'-" " ~; .' ¦¦ '¦' . .¦----¦i : - v.i- *->»'.•. •';..•¦ .:
- , .. cyFrlendB ; and acquaintances ; are =. respect-
' fully Invited, to attend the funeral; to-morrow
; (Sunday), at -8:30: o'clock," from 1 ; his 'late resi-
dence, '430 Jersey j street, ". thence : to St.- James
Church, where , -a - solemn i requiem ' mass - will
-be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
; menclng, at '¦ 9 ; o'clock. .Interment : Calvary
• Cemetery.; -:• . .. ', . - .. ;¦;.¦. ?:-.¦!' ." .-^..¦:"-, a :•, ¦¦;¦:¦>
WALL— In > this city, : January 18/ 1901, > Carlton
- George, - only * child } of , B. - M. : and - Ruth R. ¦
. . Wall,? a? native ; of k San" Francisco/: aged ¦- 10
months > and - 16 : days. ' ' . ¦',- "
¦"r.-CT Funeral private. • •
HILPISCH— In this ' city, January :. 16, 1901.
Jacob >¦¦ HllpiBch, beloved husband ' of Eliza
Hllpisch, and father of Carl and Julius Hll-
pisch, a native of - Hessen, Germany, aged
52 years 9 months and 7 days. A member of
the German Krieger Vereln. i?" , * . . ¦ -; ;
(n7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
' dence. 19 Farren avenue, thence to B'nal
B'rlth Hall. 121 Eddy street, ¦ where funeral
services will be held under the ausplocs of
the German Krleger Vereln, commencing- at
2 o'clock.' Cremation I. <"> O. F. Cemetery.
• Please omit flowers.
HAHN— In this olty. January 18. 1901. teenry
I C. Hahn. beloved father of. Henry F., Louise
A. and William M. Hahn and Mrs. -Amelia
E. Smith, a native of Germany, aged 63 years
6 months and 6 days. . .
HALL— In Alameda, January 18, 1901, Mrs.
Delia Hall, beloved mother of Mrs. Thomas
Stockpole, a native of Kentucky, aged 73
¦ years.., . • - ¦-. - ¦'- ¦• ¦¦ ,..*
HANSEN— In this city, January 18, 1901. Emll
Hansen, ; a native of Denmark.
JENS— In this city, January 18, . 190L Emma,
dearly beloved and only daughter of William
and Kllse Jens, and sister of William Jens
- Jr., a native or San Francisco, aged 8 years
•2 months and 29 days.
JECSTSEN— In this city. January 18. 1901. Ellen,
beloved and only child of Jens and Susan
Jensen, a native of San Francisco, acred 10
days. -.-/.' ¦..---.-¦ : ¦
KENNEDY— In this city, Deoember 18, 1900.
James, beloved brother of the late Frank
Kennedy, a native of Carrlgallne, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 78 years.
CyThe Interment took place Friday, Janu-
ary IS. 1901. In Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LOGAN— In this city, January 17, 190L Carleta
A., beloved wife of Dr. M. H. Logan,
mother of Horace Virgil Logan, eldest daugh P
4er of MVs. H. ¦ M. Rosekrans, and beloved
Bister of Idaline, Newton and Milton Rose-
krans.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 770 Oak street, corner of Stelner. In-
terment private.
LITTLE— In this city, January 17. 1901, Rob-
ert Alexander Little, beloved child of Roberl
A. and Maggie Litye, grandchild of Isabella
and the late R. Little, and nephew of George
( A. and Martha Little, Mrs. William Bell and
David Little, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 2 months.
. [cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 814 Vallejo street. Interment
I. O.;O. F. Cemetery. .-¦
MIGHELL— In this city, January 17, 1901,
Allle E., beloved wife of W. E. Mighell. and
mother of Frank B., Nana E. and Jack E.
Mighell, a native of New Hope, Mo., aged 54
years and 1 month.
tC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from. Hotel Pleai-
an ton, corner ¦ Sutter and Jones streets.' In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
MULLOT— In this city, January 17. 190L Louis
Mullot, a native of Paris, France, aged 93
years 4 months and 24 days.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
„ fully Invited ; to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 805 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MEYERHOFF— In this city, January 17, 1901.
Helene Meyerhoff (nee Wild), beloved wife
of Robert Meyerhoff, a native of Switzerland,
aged 74 years 4 months and 2 days.,
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. 'F. Maass. ' 917 Mission street, near'
Fifth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,,
via electric car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets. *,
McGONIGLB— In ' this city, January 17, 1901.
Fhll McGonigle. beloved brother of Thomas.
Hugh and Bernard McGonigle and Mrs. Mary
Rodden, a native | of Clonmeney, County
Donegal, Ireland, aged 44 years. '
EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Rose's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
McEVOY — In this city, January 17, 1901, Mary
E., beloved wife of Edward A. McEvoy,
mother of Leonard, Francis, Edward, Rich-
ard, Elmer and Gladys McEvoy, and sister of
John J. and Thomas F. Boyle, a native of
Boston. Mass., aged 44 years 9 months and
24 days. -7
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock,' from her late resi-
dence, 1065 Broadway, near Jones street,
thence to St. Francis Church, Vallejo street
and Montgomery avenue, where funeral ser-
vices will be held at 10:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. January 18, 1901.
David, beloved husband of - the late Agnes
Murphy, father of John and Maggie Murphy
and son of Margaret Warner, a native of San
Francleco, aged 31 years and 6 months.
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the uarlors of J. CO" Connor & Co., 767
Mission street.
NICKEL— In this city. January 16, 1901,
Emlla. beloved wife of W. Nickel, a native
of Germany, aged 40 years. I
(E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., ;S1 Eddy street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness
avenue, where services will I be held, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. • ;
O'DONNELL— In this city, January 17, 190L
Margaret, relict of the late Michael O'Don-
nell, and mother of Martin, Thomas, Mary,
Margaret and Annie O'Donnell. a native* of
County Mayo, Ireland, aged 68 years.
(E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 15 Minna street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul;
' commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. *",» : -
O'BRJEN— In this city. January 18. 1901, Mary
O'Brien, | beloved daughter of Mrs. Mary
Boltz, and sister of Henry and William
Boltz, a native of San Francisco, aged 87
years: 1
(GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4329 Twenty-second street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PREBEK— In this city, ' . January 18, 1901.
Knima, beloved daughter of Mrs. Otello Pre-
bek, a native of Chicago, aged 10 years and
6 months.
RISCHMULLER— In Oakland, January 17, 1901,
Mrs. Betty Rlschmuller, . beloved mother- of
Mrs. Fred Becker and George. Diedrlch and
Henry Rlschmuller, a native of Bremen,
Germany, ased 89 years 5 months and 27
• days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of Mr. Fred Becker, 1353 Grove street,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
. tery- - '¦¦'.'. ¦¦ ¦'-'-¦"¦¦
RYAN— In this city, January 17. : 1901, John,
beloved husband of Margaret Ryan, a native
of County Tipperary. Ireland.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at ¦ 9:30; o'clock,; from' his late
residence, 209 Clara street, near Fifth, thence
to St. Patrick's Church. MlsBion street, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCOTT— In this city, 'January 17. 1901, Emma
D... beloved wife of ¦ Captain S. F. t Scott of
St. John, • N.-* B., late of t Vancouver. B." C,
and second daughter of Captain E. J. Locke
of Halifax, ' Nova Scotia, a native of Hall-
fax, Nova Scotia, j aged 39 years 2 months
and 8 days. I (Victoria and Vancouver, B. C,
papers please, copy.) :
JCTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California ' Undertaking Company, v 406
Powell street, .near Post. .Interment private.
BWETBNEY— In - this city, January 18, 190L
Henrietta, dearly beloved daughter of Daniel
A."- and Stella B. Sweeney, ; a native of. San
Francisco, aged 1 month' and- 21 days. - - - -
TIMMONS— In this ¦ city. ; January 17, 1901.
Mary, t relict • of the late . Patrick Tlmmons,
• and mother of Kate A,, Mary X and the
late James and John J. Tlmmons, a native
of Ireland, aged 60 years. .. • . - ¦
ETThe funeral will take place this day
- (Saturday), : at 9 o'clock, from her late resl-
. dence ¦ 1231 Filbert street, thence to 8t.
Brlgld's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment'Mount
Calvary Cemetery.. ,-¦.?¦».-. • -
TULLETT— In Golden Gate, January 17, ~ 1901,
Frances, beloved and only daughter of Her-
• bert and Hattle Tullett, a native of Oak-
land, aged: l month and 22 days.
¦WHELTON— In thia city, January 17. 1901,
Margaret, beloved daughter of Cornelius and
". Honore Whelton, ¦ and > sister of Cornelius,
Nellie \ and ¦ Ettle Whelton. Mrs. ' George K.
Llddle • and ; Mrs. E. Forster. a native of
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 87 (twen-
ty-nve cents per share) of the Hutchlnson
Sugar Plantation Company will . be payable
at the office of the company. 827 Market St..
San Francisco. Cal., on and after Monday,
January 21. 1901. Transfer books closs on
Tuesday. January 15. 1901. at 3 o'clock p. m.
' E.H. SHELDON, Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
Hansen,255?J,«? d . to , sollcl '* un(Js *nd secure an
appropriate site. The officers elected for
the ensuing term were: E. A. Woods D
D., president; John Hemphlll, D D. vice
president; Rev. F. S. Ford, secretary I
J. Truman, treasurer; J. N. Beard, D. D.;
?" Uesa c M - r> * : E " blander. T>. D;
J. C. Campbell, Com. K. T.; G. T. Shaw,
grand secretary I. O. 0. F.; Rev. William
Rader and Rev. H. M. McKnlght. direct
ors, h. M. Hess, M. D., was re-elected
manager.
CRACKSMEN PLYING THEIR
TRADE WHILE POLICE AND
WATCHMEN SLUMBER.
They next bored the front door. They
succeeded in breaking the lock, but the
padlock, placed; as a precautionary meas
ure higher up and .which, was '. not visible
from the street, baffled them. They then
smashed one of the panes of glass In the
transom and climbed Into the saloon. One
of them must have" cut himself in getting
through the broken' transom, for the side
wall" Is stained with blood. Whether he
was cut while getting in or by a piece of
the safe when It was blown open Is a mat
ter of conjecture. :•. '¦ /
The safe Is located at the end ¦ of the
bar, just behind/ the lunch counter. The
cracksmen first wrenched the knob off
the safe door and then applied giant pow
der. A heavy charge must have ' been
used, for. people living a block from the
saloon were awakened and the door was
blown fully fifteen feet away. ¦ When
Proprietor Sharp© opened up at 6 o'clock
yesterday morning he viewed the wrecked
safe with dismay, for there was between
$400 and $600 % and about $200 worth of
Jewelry In it when the place was closed
for the night. He at once reported the
burglary at headquarters and Detective
Crockett was detailed to make an Investi
gation. His report Is now on file In Chief
Sullivan's office. He found that the safe
la a total wreck and that the cracksmen
escaped the same way they. entered.
George K. Aoki, a Japanese, who lives
two doors from the saloon, was awakened
by the explosion of powder. The night
watchman in the St. . Lawrence Stables,'
next door, and the watchman In the gas
company's office on the east side 'of the
place, who were awake, or at least sup
posed to be. awake, did not hear the noise
The regular patrolman on the beat and
IF th© aaiacrackers who wrecked the
"strong box" In the St. Lawrence.
Cafe, 417 Post street, early yesterday
morning, will kindly forward their
names and addresses to police head
quarters they will confer a great favor on
Chief Sullivan and the "upper office"
sleuths. These burglars are getting en
tirely too bold. The business men who
ha.ve" s-yffered at their hands are beginning
conducted by S. I. Mossawlr, an Importer
of Turkish, Egyptian and \ East Indian
goods. The brace and bit were again
brought Into requisition and holes were
bored over the lock on the street door.
It resisted their efforts however, for they
bored too high and did not strike the
mechanism of the lock. Disheartened by
failure they gave up the work for the
night. The three cases -were reported at
They Use Sufficient Charge of Powder: to Wreek the. Strong Box and Arouse
People Living a Block Distant From the but Special Watchmen
Employed in Two Adjoining Buildings Are Not Disturbed by Shoek !
DARING BURGLARS BLOW OPEN SAFE
IN A SALOON ON POST STREET. AND
SECURE SEVERAL HUNDRED DOLLAR!S
Sentenced to Ten Months.
George Webber, known as "the man
with the paint pot," who makes It a prac
tice to get the keys to unoccupied houses
and steal the globes, was convicted by
Judge Conlan yesterday on charges' of
having burglars' tools In his possession
and petty larceny. Webber was sentenced
to five months In the County Jail on each
charge.
bill aims to protect us from these danger-
the special policeman were In equal
Ignorance of the burglary until they re
ceived notice from headquarters, after the
saloon men reported their loss.
It Is the sincere hope of the police that
If the crooks are not content with -the
haul they made yesterday morning they
will move Into some other district of the
city and permit the business men on Post
street, between Grant avenue and Mason
street, to henceforth continue undisturbed
in the pursuit of happiness and fortune.
, '.There, is. oil all around the; Vesuvius.. Buy
I the .Htoek; before '.they; strike 'oil, 40 cU. See
''r». '.'J..- a. Pott»' 4U . Parrnlt KM*. ' t « •
•The members of the Ladles' Aid Society
of the California-street Methodist Church
gave a reception last evening In the par
lors of the church complimentary to their
pastor, the Rev. < Mr. Bane: There was a
delightful programme of music and song,
after which refreshments - were served.
Those who contributed to ' the splendid
programme were Professor W. R. Hervey,
Mrs. Hervey. Miss A. L. Hoffman, Miss
Grace de Forrest and Mr. Morton. :: ;
Reception for Pastor.
The favorite of favorites— Jesse Moore "AA"
whleker. -
A copy of the following .letter was sent
yesterday to each member of the Calif or-
To Keep Out Dangerous Pests.
Choice Stationery.
Everything: In the line of office and cor
respondence stationery, 'fountain pens,
Koh-i-noor pencils, legral blanks, blank
books, typewriters* materials, diaries and
daily journals for 1S01 at the lowest pos
sible price?. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. ' •
GRAND JURY ASKS
GINTY QUESTIONS
Chief Deputy Assessor's
Card System Is a Flat
Failure.
The Grand Jury held a brief session yes
terday afternoon, and at its conclusion
the committee on Assessor, Recorder and
Treasurer, consisting of \V. E. . Lutz
(chairman), J. Platshek and J. Elliott,
proceeded to the Assessor's office on \ a
visit of inspection. Here an investigation
was at once commenced of the expensive
"card system" Introduced in the office by
Chief Deputy • Assessor Glnty. The sys
tem cost $1800. and consists of an elaborate
filing cabinet and 70,000 cards, the money
for which was appropriated by the Board
of Supervisors.' The cards are used to
record the descriptions of pieces of prop
erty, together with the names of the own
ers. They. were to.be filed in alphabet
ical order, and transcriptions were to have
been made from them to the assessment
books.
Glnty was kept busy explaining to the
Grand Jury committee the - reason why
the expensive apparatus has so far proved
a dismal failure. -Heretofore the assess
ment books have been directly, compiled
from the block maps. ; Time and labor are
saved in this way, but CJinty evolved ' a
plan to write up the books from the cards,
which increased the expense of preparing
the assessment roll and was abandoned
after Its impracticability waa ascertained.
The names of the owners of property
keep changing dally and these changes are
recorded. The same is true of mortgages,
releases, deeds and other Instruments, and
! the card system would not work. After
the clerks had put in all their. spare. time
in the day and often late Into the night
changing the names on the cards it was
found necessary to go back to the old
plan of transcribing from the block maps.
Considerable time and money have conse
quently been wasted in an attempt to in
troduce a new scheme which is a flat
failure.
Ginty believes that his card system will
work like a charm next year, as -he in
tends to begin operations on it earlier.
He so Informed the committee, which will
report the result- of its Investigation at
the next session of the Grand Jury.
nia delegation In Congress by the Cham
ber of Commerce: Realizing the danger
which threatens the horticultural inter
ests of our State from imported fruit
pests, especially such a one as oranges
from certain portions of Mexico contain,
known as the Morelos worm, we respect
fully and earnestly request that you will
endeavor to have H. R. No. 96, Fifty-sixth
Congress, first session, introduced by J.
v\ . \v adsworth, brought up and passed
at the present session of Congress,' as the
The managers of the Pacific Hospital
will make an attempt In the near future
to raise funds for the construction of a
new hospital building on a more Preten
tious Plan At the annual meeting of the
directors held yesterday a committee waa
Want New Hospital Building.
police headquarters and the same advice
was given to the complainants. The ad
vice was to provide the doors with heavy
padlocks and staples to keep the burglars
out.
The news of the attempted burglaries
reached the ears of P. Christensen and
F. Sharpe. proprietors of the St. Law
rence Cafe at 417 Post street. They. In
vested in a heavy padlock and placed It
on the inside of the door, about three feet
above the regular lock. Christensen
closed up the saloon at 2 o'clock yester
day morning and, acordlng to the stories
told by neighbors, who are not watch
men, he had not been gone more than half j
an hour when the safe was blown open.
The cracksmen first tried to force open
the side door used by Christensen when
he was going home. A dozen marks of
the "Jimmy" ax© plainly noticeable around
the jamb.
The unusual spectacle of an old woman,
apparently dying, being carried into a
courtroom on a stretcher . was witnessed
at the Hall of Justice yesterday after
noon. She was Mrs. Bridget Degnan, who
is nearly 80 years of age.
She had " a legacy of several hundred
dollars bequeathed .to. her some months
ago, and while on a visit to Mrs. Annie
Burger, her married daughter, who lives
at 512 Fourth street, she became 111 and
was confined to her' bed for two months.
Both her mental and physical condition
were weak, and her son, Thomas P. Deg
nan. wanted her removed to St. Mary's
Hospital, where she would have proper
care and attention, pending her final re
moval to the Old People's Home.
Mrs. Burger refused to allow her to be
removed from her home, and the son ap
plied for and obtained from Judge Troutt
on January 3 letters of guardianship on
person and estate. Mrs. Burger still
refused 'to allow her to be taken from
her house, and the son applied for a writ
of habeas corpus and the case was as
signed to Judge- La wlor's court. Dr. The
odore Rethers was appointed by the court
to examine Mrs. Degnan and report as to
her condition. He reported that she
should be removed immediately to St.
Mary's or some other hospital.
Two Deputy Sheriffs went with the writ
to the Burger residence yesterday after
noon with an ambulance, and against the
protests of Mrs. Burger and her family
Mrs. Degnan was lifted from her bed,
placed on a stretcher and driven to the
Hall of Justice. She was carried upstairs
to the third floor, but as Judge La wlor
was hearing the Huntlngton murder trial
she was carried into Judge Cook's court
room. -Dr. Leland. who. was watching the
Huntington trial, was asked by the Judge
to examine Mrs. Degnan. and he reported
that she should be removed to a hospital
at once, otherwise she might expire in
the courtroom. The. Judge adjourned
court for a few minutes and at once or
dered Mrs.- Degnan sent to St. Mary s
Hospital. The argument on the writ-was
set for this morning at 10 o'clock. The
Judge later announced from the bench
that the order for Mrs. Degnan's removal
to the. hospital would not Prejudice the
rights of either, of the parties to the writ.
nau Removed to St.
Mary's Hospital.
Judge Orders Bridget Dcg-
CARRY A DYING
WOMAN TO COURT
to oomplain. They think it strange that
thre« attempts and one successful
burglary ehould be committed within a
week on Post street, between Grant ave
nue and Mason etreet.
The police never heard of any of thesa
crimes until the victims reported the facts
H the Hall of Justice. The district in
fested is patrolled— or at least Is supposed
to be patrolled — by special policemen. In
addition to members of the reg
lax force. That makes the mat
ter more strange. Up to date the
burglars have not been able to arouse any
of the watchmen. When they blew open
the safe In the St. Lawrence Cafe they
made a noise sufficient to wake up people
living a block distant. The policeman on
th« beat did not hear it. nor did the
watchman employed In the buildings ad-
Joining the saloon. It remained for one
of the proprietors of the cafe to discover
that his saXe had been wrecked and that
the burglars had carried off between $400
and $500 In coin and about $200 worth of j
Jewelry to pay them for their night's
work.
The burglars commenced operations on
Post street las: Saturday night, selecting
the jewelry Ftore of Lundberg & Lee, at
222 Post street, for their first venture.
They drilled three holes over the lock on
the front door and attempted to break it,
but failed. Had they succeeded in forcing
the lock they would have still been on the
outside, for there is a snap lock higher up
on the door that can only be reached from
the inside. Taking it for granted that
the attempted burglary would be reported,
but that the police would follow the. old
adage that lightning never strikes twice In
the same place, the burglars returned to
work in the same neighborhood the fol
lowing night.
They selected "The ABahi," at 224 Post
street, expecting, at least, to be rewarded
with silks, curios and art goods If the safe
resisted their efforts. They succeeded in
getting the lock out of working order.
Finding that they were wasting too much
time and fearing that by some mischance
a policeman or watchman might happen
along, they withdrew for refreshments.
When they resumed workjja few hours
later they made an attack on the "Orien
tal Variety Bazaar," at 126 Post street.
D-aing-er field Increases Sis Xiead.
Judge Daingerfield made a ntt gain of
Feven votes yesterday in his contest to the
election of Thomas F. Graham. AJ1 of
the precincts counted -were "Daingerfleld"
precincts— that is, he received the largest
number cf votes therein— and had the
usual percentage of losses prevailed he
"would have lost some votes, but the rule
¦was overturned and contrary to expecta
tions he gained the number stated. This
Increases his lead over Graham to sixty
one votes, with six votes objected to by
his counsel awaiting a ruling by the court.
A Coroner's jury, after hearing the tes
timony presented yesterday at the inquest
on the remains of William TrewheLa,
who was shot at the Windsor Hotel last
Monday afternoon,by h— partner. Robert
E. Glaze, broughtin a verdict that Trew
hella " came to : his death by gunshot
wounds inflicted by Glaze, and further
charged Glaze .with the crime of murder, j
The accused man after consultation with
his attorneys decided not to be present at 1
the inquest. Justice of the Peace Daniels
conducted the, investigation. Coroner Le
land, who takes office this morning, being
a witness, having performed the autopsy
on Trewhella's body. Assistant District
Attorney Weller appeared for 'the police
department,' and Glaze was represented
by . Attorneys I. I. Brown and W. W.
Foote. The Jury consisted of W. A.
Swlnerton, Fred Shaw,* Abe Haas, S.
Steinberg, John Rogers, A., Lux, C. P.
Richardson, William Smith. J. C. Berend
son. "William O. Leaxy and A. M. Blade.
The first witness called was John H."
O'Connor, bellboy at the Windsor Hotel,
and he repeated the statements he had
already made to the police. O'Connor told
how he. had gone down to the kitchen of
the hotel to secure some limes for the
bar. and there mWt Trewhella. After a
joking . conversation with Trewhella the
hotel man started to leave the kitchen to
go to the storeroom, accompanied by the
witness. , :
"As we were going down the three steps
leading from the kitchen," said O'Connor,
"I heard a ahot and saw Glaze standing a
few feet away with a pistol In his hand.
A second shot was fired by Glaze, and
Mr. Trewhella sank to the floor. I was so
scared that I do not remember how many
shots were fired. I tried to lift Trewhella
up, but could not do so, as he was a very
heavy man. Glaze by this time had gone
around by another door and came up be
hind me and "said, 'If any one asks you
who shot this man you say that he shot
himself.' Glaze then walked across the
court to the hotel office and I followed
him. I saw him give his pistol to Albert
Shelley, the day clerk', and throw a num
ber of cartridges on the floor. Then the
police and a lot of people came Into the
notel."
Attorney Foote put a number of ques
tions to the witness, but failed to shake
his testimony. Assistant L»istrict Attor
ney Weller in asking that the line of ques
tioning : should not be allowed made a
slight error by sayin" "the defendant has
already answered the question.'' This slip
brought a hearty laugh from Attorney
Foote, who was rebuked by a juror, who
sharply said: "This is no matter for
hilarity." Attorney Foote subsided when
he learned that the speaker was one of
the' jury. ¦".
Hippsley Justain. salesman for H. S.
Skinner & Co., 416 Market street, dealers
In arms and ammunition, then took the
witness stand. He testified that last Mon
day about;! p.' m. Glaze, whom he knew,
came into the store and asked to. have a
revolver cleaned. The witness cleaned It
and also fired the weapon in the store
basement to see if it worked properly.
Glaze bought a box of cartridges. The
witness was handed the weapon used by
Glaze and recognized it as the one he had
cleaned on Monday.
Albeit Shelley, clerk at the Windsor
Hotel and stepson of Glaze, wasjthe next
witness. He testified that on' Monday
morning at 8:15 he was on duty in the
hotel office. Trewhella came to him and
asked him .what cash was on hand. "I
showed Trewhella the cash book," contin
ued Shelley, "and Trewhella after looking
at it said, 'I will clear this crowd out."
At 1 p. m. I saw Trewhella go back from
the ofllce to the kitchen, and shortly after
Glaze went in the same direction. I did
not see the shooting. I heard shots flred
and ran back to the open court In the
middle of the hotel. Glaze walked past
me into the hotel and O'Connor was be
hind him. I followed Glaze, and he gave
me his pistol and threw some ¦ cartridges
on the ... floor. When I saw Trewhella
after I heard the shots fired he was half
reclining on the steps of the kitchen. I
heard four shots fired. I recognize the
pistol as the one Glaze gave to me and
which I handed to the police." » '
Attorney , , Foote— From the position
where- O'Connor was when you saw him
and the spot where Trewhella -was reclin
ing could O'Connor have seen' the shots
fired?
Witness— No, he could not have seen
them fired.
Assistant District Attorney Weller— Tou
only heard the shots fired and arrived on
the spot after the shooting.
Witness— Yes, that is so."
¦.Attorney Weller — That is all I want to
know.
Police Officer N. J. Barry testified that
he was on duty at the corner of Eddy and
Market streets last Monday afternoon
when Olaze came up to him. "He told me
that he had taken two shots at a man in
the Windsor," said the officer, "and I
thought at first that he meant that he had
punched a man. Then he said the man
was badly wounded and 1 I realized what
he- meant. Glaze was very cool, but a
man with, him was excited. I took Glaze
over to the hotel. He did not want to go
inside, .'but I took him in. I. saw, that
Trewhella j was badly wounded and tele
phoned for an ambulance. 1 received a
pistol and cartridges from Albert Shelley
arid then- 1 took Glaze to the City Hall; I
did not handcuff Glaze, and we went out
on the'ear. Glaze jumped on the car as
It slowed up at the crossing."
Alfred Jaggi. 907 Market street, testified
that- on Monday afternoon last he heard
the. sound of firing and looked out of his
window. He saw Glaze in the inner court
of the Windsor Hotel. He was coming
out of the kitchen and was ejecting
cartridges from a revolver which he had
in his hand. "Witness . also saw. Glaze re
loading the revolver as he walked to the
hotel office." He heanl four or five shots
fired in rapid succession.
Edward McCormick; druggist at 812
O'Farrell street, testified that he arrived
at* the "Windsor. Hotel about 2 p. m. last
Monday. He was asked to get a doctor
and telephoned for one. He found Trew
hella reclining on the steps of the kitchen
Trewhella's head and shoulders were on
the steps. He saw that Trewhella was
alive and asked some one to help him to
lay him down on the floor. "Witness, cut
Trewhella's ¦ shirt and vest open and saw
two bullet over the stomach
While Dr. McMahon was giving the
wounded man an injection hypodermlcally
Trewhella gasped and, died. ¦ : '. ¦
Dr.- McMahon. 230 Turk street, testified
that he was called to the "Windsor Hotel
last Monday afternoon.' at 2, o'clock. lie
found Trewhella lying on his back at the
foot- of the kitchen stairs.. "While trying
to . revive Trewhella by an Injection " of
nltro-Rlycerlne the wounded man gasped
and died. > -¦•"¦. - ;
Georgo L. Deal, a dry goods clerk resid
ing'at the- "Windsor Hot^l; was the next
witness, and his evidence was In line with
that;: Of previous: witnesses.- - •:;•
* Dr. Leland,' who performed the autopsy
on.Trewhella's body, was the last witness
He described the location . of five bullet
wounds which he found onithe body Dr
Leland had with him four bullets which he
removed from, the % body and said that he
did. not remove th« : fifth one. as he did
not wish ; to mutilat e the face. . The fifth
bu41et-.was: In * the*', thick muscles of the
neck, v- Any 'of the/Zour bullets taken from
the body ; would " have caused death •: The
liver, was perforated twice and ; the bullets
had also entered the v lungs and heart
Death was due to shock. and hemorrhage
caused, by gunshot; wounds. " ; "
' The: jur>*. was then charered by Actlns
Coroner Daniels and retired. to deliberate
After a \ few moments the jurors returned
a werdlct that" -Trewhella came ; to his
death from shock and hemorrhasre caused
bv.frunshot.woundp inflicted hv-Roberti E.
Glaze. - addlrip the following clause. . "And
we > further charge thft said Robert E.
G'p«e wlth'theicrlme of murder. '• v -
i The prelimlrarv. hearing of Glaze on the
charee of .murder will' takf- place n»>xt
.Tuesday afternoon ..before Police Judge
Conlan. ' rrM'ftTVMim'd'tl(mrtk'wi m _ ¦
Accused Man Avails Himself of the
'.¦hjVii Privilege and Is Not Pres
',' ent at the Tn- S v?\:^.
Coroner's Jury Finds That
Trewhella Was Killed *
in Cold Blood
CHARGES GLAZE
WITH MURDER
XHE SAiV LiiAxAvjA^Jy . v^Ai^i-., O A i' U JLti> A JL i JAiyyAux ,'-->»
14
The French forest Inspector at Lamm*
has found a way of making wood, bv
means of dry distillation and hich
pressure. Impervious to water and acids
and a perfect electrical non-conductor.
Por a Cold in the Head.
Laxative Brcmo-Qulnine Tablets.
SPECML BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY and TUESDAY
TOMATOES, Columbus Brand, 4 can3. . ,25o
Extra quality. Reeular 10c can.
GOLDEN CITY FLOUR, 50-lb sack 8O0
Best Stockton flour. Regular 95c.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square.. .40c
3 squares {1 15. Regular 50c
CHOICE POINT REYES BUTTER, square . . 30o
S squares «,"c. Regular 40c.
BEST CITY EGGS, dozen 30c
From the Mission. Regular *0e.
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS 25c
STRYKER'S KITiHEN SOAP, 7 cakes . .25c
B«st sand soap. Reeular 5c caka.
PURE JUNIPER GIN, large bottle $1.25
For medicinal use. Regular Jl 60.
COAL OIL, White Star, 5 gallons 95o
Best; 10c allowed for empty can. Reg. It 25.
Ghirardeni's Ground Chocolate, 1-lb can .25c
Regular 30c. t
I. W. HARPER WHISKEY, qt bot 83c
Received gold metlal Paris. Regular Jl 23.
BARATARIA SHRIMPS, can 12.]c
RegTiTar Uc/ - *, - :
TABLE FRUITS, Extra Quality, 3 cara. .50c
Peaches, Apricots. Pears. Cherries.
Regular 23c can. ;
OLD KENTUCKY WHISKEY, gal $2.50
Rye or Bourbon. ' Regular *3 30.
H.O. OATMEAL ...12io
Regular 13c packaze.
BRETONNES CLUB'S SARDINES 20c
Imported, l-lt> can. Regular I3e.
GHIRARDELLI'S COCOA, |-lb cans 20c
Resular 25c.
JAMS AND JELLIES, 3 large glasses 25c
Saunderi. Reeular 12!jC.
LE COURT MUSHROOMS, can 22&
Regular 20c can.
ZARINA Russian Cigarettes, 6 pkg3 25c
Regular 10c packags.
CIGARS CUT— All 12k sizes 10c
¦ ' fMsars'by the box' at cut prices."
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of these "special"
sales. We ship free of charge within on»
hundred miles. Ask for monthly price lists
: —free.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. &2. Xo Branch Stores.
ORIENTAL
AT PEREMPTORT — — ¦ '
AUCTION
TO-DAY, SATURDAY,
At 11 a. m. and S p. m..
SW. Cor. Geary and Stockton.
Mlhran's collection of most beautiful and
genuine Persian Rue*. Art Goods and Antique
Furniture being «otd out regardless, betas
obliged to give up store.
A. W. LOUPERBACK. Auctioneer.
jfiKuraUM^-JT^^Sa furnish th» Kenuin* mjx\
BBSSiS^ JLV»U-M*» UJLCHUCBELrS
*^*~* i r2?*aSdr£7^ :y «,.«,p.»iti™«i»r.ntM. COSTS
///S^ AtMOST H0TH1M8 oompiSid
SEARS, ROEBUCK A CO., Chicago.
drmotlty:
rVHISWKtX-KNOWN AND RKHABI.B OLD
I Speclallstewe* Blood Poison, Oonorrhcsa.Oleet,
Strlctore, Wpmlnal Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Hoot on Diseases Of Men, free.
OverSOyean'experence.Term* reasonable. Hour*.
0to3dall7;8:30to9.30oT f rs. Sunday*. 10 to li C.>n3nl-
tatlon free and sacredly confldentiai. Call or address
' P. RO8COB McXL'LTY. H.'D. .
2C>; fiewDjSC. HanFraaciaco.Cal.
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
. ¦
new rent
contract
plan for
pianos
'¦ rp- ' ¦ -, ' :
If you rent a poor piano' at $3 a "
month and keep it for five years,
you will have paid $180 and at the
end own no piano.
If you rent an ordinary piano
at $4 a month and keep it for five
years, ycu will have paid $240 and
j at the end own no piano.
If you rent a fair piano at $5 a
1 month and keep it for five years,
j you will have paid $300 and at the
end own no piano.
But— if you get a good brand
! new piano, guaranteed by the
manufacturers, valued at $300,
I from Sherman, Clay & Co., on
their new rent contract olan, and
pay $6 a month for 62 months, you
« will have paid $375, and at the
end of that time the piano is
yours.
Don't you think it better to
I pay $1.25 a month for the use of
the piano than S3, $4 or $5?
! Note — Customers purchasing
j pianos can have them exchanged
I any time within three years for a
Steinway Upright or Grand and
the full purchase price will be
allowed.
Sherman, Clay & Co.,
Steinwuy Fiano Dealers,
Cor. Kearny and. Butter et».. B. F\
Cor Uth and Broadway, Oakland.
Cor' Park and Washington, Portland.
711 Second ave.. Seattle. >
Market St § W^&j||r[ Market. St.
' ?«Vror en and Jones. £>sI5I1|W "care^fenTi^
THE LAST FEW DAYS OF OUR
Our factory is about ready for spring goods.
We must have room for th/m. The following
prices will make it for us:
CHILDREN'S WOOLEN DRESSES.
FLANNEL GOWNS. \
¦^^^ cToslnnrf^. 1 ..! 1 .?.^?!^.^^^.^ 0^^ «S« quality; Q
jA - waists.
..^m&^ WRAPPER SALE.
- TP| 'Vt TTe are always grivlng you thebest valued In wninn»r, ,i,,,, M . . -
••••• ....- UuW ;
: Children's Jackets. Hosiery.
A. few odds and ends of JACKETS In. all Ladles' p.v^ « ' 1 : . U_ ¦
ilres; worth $2 to |3; your pick to-day '; and silk **, I Hermsdorf Dyed Hose; ligi Oa
from !. f{i a . ™ II _j2 1 « 1 »: J a.«ood.«c;qnal-.QK>,-
SI.OO..OSK50 . ;^||^^Si;=^''
Rbbon Sale.
We have Just received about 1000 yards of to-day a few good thlnirs; In children'.
FANCY HECK. RIBBON; regular 25c qual- hose.- It's llke.flndlnK money for you-
lty;. on sale to-day at............/........... 16c quality, lxl ribbed ...... r Oe
18# Cents pcrYard
CORSETS
THOMPSON'S 1 MILITARY .CORSETS;, straight front- *r»«' jb*.
In all sizes: regular %l £0 quality; speclalao-day only.!?..;; $1 • i^faftk ' '
K. & G. FYench Short-hlppod Corset: a K oo<l »1 qual- r^ r- <^ T^Sfe
lty; on sale C <E5C / -^PWi
"We will place on our counter 10 dozen 6-hooked cor -a A ' S
sets; 75c quality; salt price to-day ...V. • 45£C '" ' 'flCTL* ' ilcft"' *
/ -waists. ;¦•¦•;¦"•-•¦• :mm
$OtOU wiRxr I
Tricot All-wnol -.Vaists; llred throughout; tucked *r> « ' i» i^KffiSHL \
front nnd back; J2 *'> quality; sale price tJ)I,4O ff
Best Quality Muslin Gowns;. Bailor collar; 1 all tizes- ji'ri' V' ( \
Cc quality; on sale at ...........:...............;...... '. ~t\3Ci
Our. 70c ' gowns,'4Oc; $1 gown»,', 7Oc; • $1 25 : gowns, 85c. ; '.'
MUSLIN DRAWERS; : trimmed ;wlth . wide torchon lace •./.iJT.. 2Sc
BOc drawers, 3Tc; ; 75c drawers, 48c;. $l : drawers, '70c. •
| y--^--^^^^^ ladies having thin hair %
f V a -TiniKvlY are m by or t
.J \ t* 1 " lucii. 1 / switches. «
X4 1 —••f^ A. I * W S. hav ® replenished our Y?
§5 F \7LT ft\ 1 ¥ ST~\ I stock of switches and hair A
tv ¦ Ww A Ilfl fi~" I eoods, and are prepared to IS
A 1 ) I 1 match a11 difficult as \rell as Ff
Set m . 1 common shades at very rea- 1*
If I IJOOCSS \ be ?uti?ul fancy $
ja ¦>• - «¦ I ¦" ' Tlje y are "*Ik thronKh and ffi
4/ 1 #-?v m f ¦ through. 3% Inches wide and Cw
Aj \ H te-3 / C n " of the P retties t neck rib- Ii
H. % 0 %j*L JL^Ly § bons it has been our pleasure ft
Cw ' \. ' M to offer In a long time. The r9
Ay • f foundation Is of white taffeta If
%a , and drawn work. Into which fa
T '"' ' '' i "^ are woven stripes of pink. Cf
£J > i- =^^^w. '.^^^^ blue, cerise or other pretty AJ
H colors. "Worth 23c a yard, now Jd
J a splendid belt value. %
S Sul Jnf n h £ lf 0 ?^!*? 116 ? are made of black velvet, edged A?
79 ,i? f Ut S. ord and flnIsned w 'th a full rosette of satin ribbon and nve- M
fcjf— spiked ends. ' .- *T«»
A/ Worth $1.25 each; our price ; «Se Bk
$' low prices for gloves that s
| look well, fit well and $
¦¦]& wear well. £
Xp our prices for good gloves— the kindthatfit, *ear and give satis faction— iF
£§'•¦'¦ -'.'¦' are so reasonable that the other sort is dear at an/ price. $9 .
A? . The H. B. real suede pique gloves Hales' real kid* pique gloves are fK
O, are marte for us^excluslvely and rnade of soft, pliable skin? and £W
Cf. are unquestionably, the , ".best are full of style and solid wear /)
BJ gloves, that* crua be produced for Perfect fitting, of course. Anew 9k
the money. -They come ln-black Hec of the very latest coloring (9'
*/_'.- and new shades ' of gray and on sale to-day. Per pair... SI r t t\ /•)
to-, mode. Per pair....... .SI. OO - **:: ft
~JL Sixth. dBZr ri avenue. *T>
COUNTRY ¦ ORDERS, FREIGHT PREPAID.
. Telephone Kaat J72."
NAVEL ORANGES, jss? per doz 30c
-Choicest Sweet. Regular 50c. . . _
CALIFORNIA LEMONS, per doz 15c
BEST CITY E66S, per doz... 30c
New Blend JAVA COFFEE, per lb3Cc
:¦•• Regular 40c. . .
Yellow Cling Peaches b percan 20c
aid Bartlett Pears SKpwn»20c
Regular 25c per can.
FRENCH GLACE FRUIT,asjirf, per Ib 50c
< Regular, per lb, 65c.
¦BFHtiS WATER CRACKERS Si* 45c
¦ Regular 65c tin. •
FRENCH PEAS, Petit pills, si? I7ic
•• Regular -55c. '.Extra .«m&H- ¦ ;
MTC'-H/rLin^pt bottles- - 10c
"> Regular 13c per bottle.
CLARET; 4-jear.-o!d, per gallon 35c
' Regular 50c per rallon. •
OLD KENTUCKY BOURBON ,
WHlsKYrUbtlle • - - - .... -81c
Regular *1 per bottle. .
r-ame. per galloi- - - • • • • • ••$3.40
BIBMEWMAN-&IKENBERG,
1447-49 POLK STREET.
-^^^aj— — . . wt| ,^| ¦¦¦¦ MwiTWiiMMM Mm fTTTTiiTWr