Continued on Third Page*
Rtes0Mft£B£9i > HMSSMU9KfKB7BDaSfil^taf^HP
a private car last night and will remain
a few days.
DEL MONTE,- Jan. 3L— The Duke and
Duchess of Manchester; and Lord Lam-;
bert arrived* here. from San Francisco in
City Detective of Pawtucket Says
That Efe Has Evidencs Tending
to Implicate Pat Quinn.
PAWTUCKET, R. I.. Jan. 3L— It is the
opinion of the police of this city that Pat
rick Quinn. better known as "Dick"
Qulnn. is the murderer of May L. Fos
burgh of Pittsfleld. Mass. John F. Haber
lln. city detective, said to-day:
"Last summer I saw the hat left in the
FoEburgh residence by the burglars who
killed the girl. I recognized it as similar
to the hat worn by Dick Qulnn. He Is a
thoroughly bad man, just, such a criminal
as would kill a defenseless girl. I made
a search and found that Qulnn had been
in'Pawtucket August IS. I could not find
that he had left the town, and for the
time I dropped the matter. Lately I took
It up again. Now'l know that Quinn left
Pawtucket August IS. and I have also
learned that he went northward and that
he was in the vicinity of Pittsfleld August
19. Later ho started* for the West, and he
Is now, I believe, somewhere on the Pa
cific Coast. My opinion is he is the mur
derer of Miss FoBburgh. If he is caught
though, this mystery perhaps can be en
tirely cleared up."-
Manchesters at Del Monte.
MAY BE THE MTJTLDERER
OF MISS MAY FOSBUBGH
of displaying draperies or othar signs of
mourning. In Buckingham Palace road
where a crowd of idler? was in front of
the entrance of the roval stables, taking
keen Interest in the constant going and
coming of royal carriages. - some shop*
were tastefully draped with purpj* and
black, purple and white or purple »c4 sti
ver. Almost 'every store advertised Seat3
to let. Wherever a few feet of space aro
available, stands are m course of erec
tion. Preparations are everywhere being
made to cover the stands with purple
cloth and this will go a long way toward
giving the effect of general mourninc
Stands are being erected ciose to St.
James Palace, which, -when filled, will
hide the palace from the Malls. Even on
the outbuildings of the palace, on the bal
cony whence King Edward's accession
was proclaimed and in the gardens of
Marlborough House similar provisions for
spectators are being made. Carpenters
and Joiners are everywhere building
stands and shoring, up balconies.
The same condition of things prevails
in Piccadilly. Seating accommodations
are being prepared in every possible nook,
from Devonshire House to the balcony of
Apsley. Lampposts and obstructions m
the middle of the roadways are being re
moved.
In Hyde Park, of course, neither decora
tion nor stands are possible. Therefore
only an occasional glimpse of a purple
draped balcony in Park Lane is obtain
able. In the Tdgeware road, and thence
to Paddlngton, are the liveliest scenes of
all. The entire population of the district
and suburbs seem to have congregated
in search of accommodations and traf
ficking in seats is , going on in the street,
which gives it the appearance of a busy
market. Hardly a'hou&e but is being let
out and fancy prices are easily obtainable
for seats on uncomfortable stands and on
the smallest balconies.
Cambridge Row Is lined on both side*
with stands erected in the gardens as4
people eagerly pay £3 or £4 for seats on
them, while windows In the houses in the
rear of the stands, with trees between
them and the roadways, are considered
cheap at £30. BT3B
The royal arrivals in the metropolis to
day Included the Crown Prince of Norway
and Sweden and the Duke and Duchess of
Aosta. the King of Wurttemberg and
Prince Mohammed AIL Their respective
embassies or legations and representatives
of King Edward met the visitors and con
ducted them, to places of residence.
The French, Turkish and Bulgarian Mis
sions have also arrived.
KUTQ EDWARD ACTIVE.
Much Is Expected of the New Brit-
ish Sovereign.
Society expects that King Edward will
make St. James the most brilliant court
LONDON, Jan. 31.— Members of King
Edward's suite tell their friends that hl3
Majesty appears overwhelmed by the
sense of the responsibility of kingship.
Whereas formerly he was genial but ex
acting and Irritable regarding official mat
ters, he baa become profoundly grave and
exceedingly considerate to those about
him in small as well as In Important mat
ters. He has worked many . hoars dally
since the Queen's death, disposing of two
or three weeks' arrears of public busi
ness, which she had not been able to at
tend tb.*SH8B
Up to 4 o'clock this afternoon the occu
pants-of-the houses Along the route of
_vxe procession had done little In the way
On the gun carriage being drawn up to
the pier the coffin will be removed from
the gun carriage to the royal yacht Al
berta by seamen from the royal yachts in
full dress with red striped overalls. The
troops will be in review order with rolled
great coats, haversacks and water bot
tles. •-
The roadway from the gateway to the
pier will be lined with troops in close or
der. The troops will remain In position
until the minute guns from the fleet com
mence to fire. • .
The procession will then move off In the
following- order: Mounted grooms, the
deputy assistant adjutant general of the
southern district, a detachment of the
Hampshire Carbineers, the Lieutenant
Governor of the Isle of Wight and staff
of the southern district, the. staff of the
commander in chief at Portsmouth, the
general commanding the southern district,
the naval commander . in chief, massed
bands and drums of the Royal Marine Ar
tillery and of the Royal Marine Light In
fantry. . who will commence playing a
funeral, inarch as soon as they pass out
of the j Queen's gate; the Queen's High
landers, 1 the Queen's pipers, the gun car
riage, drawn by eight horses . and pre
ceded and followed by her late Majesty's
equerries and alds-de-camp, escorted by
the Queen's company of Grenadier Guards
with the coffin; King Edward, Emperor
William,, the Duke of Connaught, the
Crown Prince of Germany, Prince Henry
of Prussia, Prince Christian of Schleswlg-
Holsteln, the Duke of Saxe-Coburg and
Gotha, Prince Arthur of Connaught.
Prince Charles of Denmark, Prince Louis
of Battenberg, Queen Alexandra, the
Duchess of York, the Duchess of Saxe-
Coburg and Gotha, Princess Christian of
Schleswig-Holstein, Princess Louise,
Princess Beatrice, the Duchess of Con
naught, the Duchess of Albany, Princess
Victoria of Wales, Princess Charles of
Denmark, her late Majesty's ladies - In
waiting, her late Majesty's household, the
household of the King, the household of
the Queen, tht: household of Emperor
William, the household of the royal fam
ily, military officers eight abreast and the
royal servants and tenants.
flclal order of the procession from psboVne
to Cowes: At 1:45 p. m. the coffin wtil be
borne from Osborne House by her Majes
ty's Highlanders and will be placed' on a
gun carriage. The Queen's company of
the Grenadier Guards, with the Queen's
colors^ will be drawn up facing the en
trance, will present arms and will then
wheel about and open outward, forming
a double rank, through which the gun
carriage will pass. This escort will inarch
on either side of the coffin outside of the
equerries. The households of her late
Majesty and of King Edward and of
Queen Alexandra and of the other mem
bers of the royal family will be formed
up. In the space outside the entrance and
will follow In the procession after the
members of the royal family. Massed
bands will be formed upon the carriage
drive and will move off as soon as the
gun carriage reaches the carriage drive.
The military officers, royal servants and
tenants of < the Osborne estate will be
formed up, eight abreast, in the carriage
: drive. The Queen's pipers will take their
place Immediately In front of the gun car
riage and will play, from the house to the
Queen's gate.
FOB «THE FTJ1TERAL PAGEANT.
Order: in .Which : Members ¦ of ; Royal
'Families Will FolloV tihie Cof flni .-
LONDON, Jan. 31— Folio wins is the of-
The programme of tho Earl Marshal,
the Duke of Norfolk, does .not deal with
the Windsor ceremony, in connection with
which much remains to be done. : . Tho
Duke of Norfolk and his staff have been
extremely busy, and do not expect re
spite before midnight. The department of
tho master of the horse Is also busily
occupied, and the Duke. of Portland and
his subordinates have been working early
and late to get everything h^ readiness.
So determined are the" to have no hitch
that they have decided upon still another
rehearsal of the procession, using the
actual gun carriage. This rehearsal will
careiully settle all points of halting ani
other details.
Late this evening the Earl Marshal Is
sued further instructions. These announco
that since the letters of Invitation were
printed the hour for the ceremony at St.
George's Chapel Royal, Windsor, has
been changed from, 1 to 2 o'clock p. m.;
that special trains for invited guests will
leave Paddlngton station for Windsor at
noon; that the train for the members of
th<a diplomatic corps will leave at 12:30
p. m., and that trains bearing the royal
remains and those who have participated
In the procession will leave at 1 p. m.
The statement of the Duke of Norfolk
says also:
"The Earl Marshal regrets extremely
that, owing to the enormous , number of
applications and the pressure of time It
has been found Impossible to reply to
many communications."
The railway .company began the erec
tion; at Victoria station, London, of ,th-3
pavilion ' In ; which King Edward will re
ceive the .various foreign 'representatives
in the' Interval of .waiting for the removal
of the coffin from the train to the gun
carriage/
' The Crown Prince of Roumanla and the
Crown Prince of Denmark arrived' in
London^ last evening.
Immediately behind . the gun carriage
comes the King, riding. On his left the
Duke of Connaught, on his right Emperor
William, both riding. Following: these
come the royal family, royal representa
tives and master of the horse, all riding,
four four-horse carriages conveying the
Queen and Princesses, the Kings of Bel
glum, Portugal and the Hellenes, prob
ably riding, closing the escort
Royal navy, etc.— The Royal Marine
Light Infantry, the Royal Marine Artil
lery, the royal navy, military attaches of
foreign embassies, headquarters staff of
the army, field marshals, band of the
Royal" Marine Light Infantry, the guards'
band, Royal Engineers and Royal Artil
lery band, the Earl Marshal riding, two
white staves, gun carriage surrounded by
bearer party of non-commissioned officers
of the guards, while outside of these, on
either side, two lines as follows:
On the left of the carriage — The Lord
Chamberlain, aid-de-camp, the Queen's
physicians, Sir James Reid, equerries and
lord in waiting.
On the right of the carriage — The Lord
Steward, alds-de-camp, equerries and
lord in waiting.
Cavalry of the line — The Twenty-first
Lancers, the Seventh Hussars, the First
Life Guards.
Guards, the Coldstream Guards, the Gren
adier Guards, the corps of royal engi
neers, the Royal Regiment of Artillery.
\ . ,- - ¦ ¦ ¦ *-' -' ' • • ' ~ ~ *
iHOCCUPANTS OF THRONES AND OTHER FRIXCE.LY PERSONAGE3 OF EUROPE GATHEREO AT LONDON
V^ ANDiO^BORNE ,T<\ FOLLOW. THE . REGAINS OF .QUEEN - VICTe.UA TO THEIR RESTING- FJSLCE '-"S THIS
JL^UROiEUM AT FROOMORE;; .^^.^^^ - . ;¦ "{¦*••• •"-' ~~^.^..
LIMA, Jan. 21.— The Chilian bark Alt
car, Captain Dial. 110 days out from Port
Towrsend, Wash., with a cargo of lum
ber from New Whatcom for Callao, ar
rived at the latter port to-day and reports
having encountered a fearful storm on the
20th of October, durinjr which 6he was
compelled to Jettison her deck cargo.
Jettisoned the Cargo.
White's home Is In San Francisco, Cal.
His gang was making bogus dollars on a
ehacty boat. They were using plaster of
•oarls molds, and had quite a stock when
the Government cot after . them. The
other* escaped.
SPRINGFIELD. O.. Jan- SL— Pretty
Nellie Gillen, a clerk in a store at Iron
ton, O.. Is a heroine In the eyes of the
people of her city. It was due to her
shrewdness and prompt action that Lewis
White, a mysterious counterfeiter, was
captured. The man has had his prelim
inary trial and was bound over to tho
Grand Jury. In default of- $3000 bail he
•was sent to the Troy jail, where he will
remain until the epring, when he will be
brought to this city for trial. Secret Ser
vice Agent Michael Bolan returned from
Ironton to-day after having arranged the
preliminary work In the case.
City/ Must S*rve Time in an
Ohio Prison.
I<ewis White, Whose Home Is in This
A syndicate formed by local financiers,
including the Vanderbllts and having con
nections abroad, recently acquired hold-
Ings of Southern Pacific stock which were
taken up not long ago by a smaller syn
dicate headed by Speyer & Co., which
purchased the old holdings of the Crocker
estate and Mrs. Leland Stanford. With
the securities held by the estate of C. P.
Huntiagton the new eyndicate is In a
position to absolutely control Southern
Pacific affairs. :
CO U U TJbSLFEITEB'S ARREST
DTJE TO PEETTY GIBL
NEW YORK. Jan. 21.-The Journal
Bays: Through E. II. Harrlman. who was
recently admitted to the directory of the
Pacific Mall, which belongs to the
Southern -Pacific, the VanderbSlts have
obtained a very large interest In the
Southern Pacific. In fact, it is stated la
some Quarters that ultimately the Van
ocrbllts will be found in control of the
property.
Property Will Pass Under
New Control.
Beport Current That Ultimately the
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2L-The Secretary
of the Navy has decided to relieve Rear
Admiral Sch'.ey from command of the
Eoutb. Atlantic station next spring. It
was expected that Schley would remain
on that station until near the time of his
retirement, next fall, but he does not feel
that the command is commensurate with
his merits, and has indicated a desire to
come home.
The South Atlantic squadron at first
consisted of three vessels, but one of
these was transferred to the Philippines,
leaving cr.ly the Chicago and Atlanta.
"When Admiral Echley was assigned to
that corr.rr.arjd there was some ta!k among
his friends that this station might be
made of unusual Importance on account
cf the war In South Africa, but this ex
pedition did not materialize.
RecJ Admiral Schley will be retired for
age in October next.
•
VANDERBILTS OWN MUCH
SOUTHERN PACIFIC STOCK
Thinks the South Atlantic Station Is
l*ot Commensurate With the
• Tirerits cf His Bank. "
ADMIRAL SCHLEY ASKS
TO BE RELIEVED
Mrs. Bnglish says that last summer she
was cured of consumption, tumor and a
few other diseases which "I do not think
proper to mention,", and her weight 'in
creased from 108 to 170 pounds." The onij} •
means used to effect; this cure, she. say*,',
was the Bible. So far thirty persons have
been converted '. and nightly . discourse in
all rorts of strange syllabications said , to'
be the purest Hindu, Parsed : Chinese,-
Ualmuk and what not. »*¦•'•¦
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Jan. 31.— Rev.
Charles F. Parhan and a band of Bible
students from Bethel College. Topeka,
are holding revival services here. They
claim to have the "gift of tongues" and
often in spirit . prayor they, discourse in
languages they do 2Ot themselves under
stand. There Is great excitement at the
meetings. One woman, Mrs. English,
declared to-day she had been suddenly
"gifted." She Bays ehe prayed she might
receive the spirit and suddenly It came to
her and spoke In a language she believed
to be Chinese. She has prayed alwavu
that she might go to China as. a mission
ary and she is very certain for that rea
son that she has been given the language
of that nation. She* speaks. some "Chi
nese" by way of sample at the meeting*.
As. to its duality there has been no one
present competent to bear witness. But
It Is a Queer jargon and has ¦ convinced
scores of people.
Strange Languages They Do
Not Understand.
Nightly the Converts Discourse in
BEVTVAXISTS ABE VISITED
WITH "GIFT OF TONGUES"
At times Cardwell would call for his
mother and father, but when ho was the
wildest he- acted as a man stricken with
hydrophobia. He was finally removed In
the patrol wagon to the Detention Hos
pital, where ho was strapped to the bed.
• ¦ ¦ ' r: :
Just then Officer Kcnyon, -who had
heard the noise from the street, rushed
in. He Immediately forced the door and
sprang into young Cardwell's room. The
young man was under the bed. Ho was
foaming at the mouth and growling and
barking like a dog. Several times he
sprang up, raising the mattress and
springs of the bed, after which he would
fall back on the floor. Officer Kenyon
grappled with the unfortunate man, and
then ensued one of the fiercest struggles
that the officer has had. Cardwell seemed
possessed of ' superhuman strength. He
was getting the better of the .policeman
when Officer Gayou arrived and Joined in
the struggle. Constable Beach, who had
been summoned, arrived a few seconds
later and the three officers, assisted by
the clerk of the hotel, succeeded in re
straining Cardwell so that he could not
injure himself or those who were hold
ing him.
Shortly after 3 o'clock this morning tho
guests in the hotel were aroused by a se
ries of screams and barks, followed by
groaning. The night clerk made an Inves
tigation and found that the noise came
from the room occupied by .Cardwell
Fox called out to the young man, but re
ceived no answer except a bark and a
growl, resembling that of a dog. He
broke the panel of the door In.
quired to Subdue C. T. Cardwell
at Stockton. v '
. STOCKTOX. -Tan.. M.— C.'T-.,Cardwe.M, a
young man from' Brentwood, went rav
ing mad in his room in the Commercial
Hotel at . an early hour this morning.
The strength of four big men was re
quired to overpower and restrain the un
fortunato man. Young Cardwell came to
this city Tuesday. He was a very quiet
guest, and to all appearances was pos
sessed of all of his faculties.
TJnited Strength - . of . Four . Men Re-
FIERCE STRUGGLE
WITH A MADMAN
Imposing Ceremonies Will Attend the Removal of the Royal Coffin
From Cowes to Portsmouth— Programme of the Military Pageant
/Infantry of i the line— The Fourth Bat
talion ' of ' the Rifle Brigade, the Royal
Irish . Fuslleers, the Second;. Battalion of
ithe ] Highland' light . Infantry, the Fourth
JBattalion ?of the King's , Royal ; Rifles, ,the
jflpyal?. Fuslleers,' the First Battalion ¦ of
the Royal Lancasters.'*. v '* .' ;*-, '-
'* Foot guards— The Irish Guards,' the Scots
corted at London.
LONDON, Jan. 31.-/The Earl Marshal
(the Duke of Norfolk) gave out the fol
lowing programme this evening, subject
to a change of weather, which may neces
sitate some of the royalty using? car
riages:
On Saturday, February 2, a guard of
honor will be mounted at the London sta
tions. Victoria arid Paddlngton, and at
Buckingham Palace. At 9 o'clock pre
cisely the royal coffin will be removed
from Portsmouth to London, arriving at
Victoria at 11 o'clock. On its arrival in
London the royal coffin will be removed
from tho carriage by an officer and twelve
men of the Grenadier Guards, placed on
a gun carriage and the crown and cushion
will be laid thereon. The procession will
then move in the following order:
An officer of the headquarters staff,
bands of. the Household Cavalry; volun
teers, the First South Middlesex Rifles,
the First Middlesex Engineers, the Tyne
mouth Artillery, the .Warwickshire Yeo
manry: the Colonial Corps, a detachment
formed under the orders of the Colonial
Office, and an officer commanding the pro
visional battalion at Thornecliffe;, Militia,
the Third Battalion of Gordon Highland
ers, the Third Battalion of Royal Welsh
Fusileers, the; Fourth Battalion of Nor
folkE, the 'Honorable Artillery; infantry—
a detachment of the army veterinary de
partment, the' army pay corps, the army
chaplains'! department, royal medical
corps/army service- corps, representatives
of the Indian army selected by India of
ficers. '
How tho Royal Coffin "Will Be Es-
People throughout the countryside are
lamenting to-morrow's sorrow, for with It
will go the remains of one whom they
had grown to look upon as peculiarly
their own, as well as the prestige her con
stant visits bestowed upon the locality.
Meanwhile the Invader, the excursionist,
the Journalist and tho visitor from the
Continent or the mainland discusses with
out ceasing the best coign of vantage to
view to-morrow's spectacle — for spectacle
rather than funeral it will be because of
the elaborate preparations which will
make it rival In studied magnificence the
naval and military display which marked
Queen Victoria's Jubilee.
PLANS OF THE EARL MARSHAL
At Osborne this evening all is quiet.
During the day the royal personages
walked about the grounds and passed the
hours in much the same way as they had
done for a week or more. Two solitary
policemen guarded the lodge gates. Down
the road to the Sound carpenters are dis
turbing the quiet hedgerows by the hasty
erection of stands, and in Cowes and East
Cowes there is the same noise. But win
dows and seat3 on stands that would sell
in London for DO guineas are going here
at a half-guinea.
The omens for fine weather to-morrow
are not propitious, but the first of thou
sands of spectators are arriving this even
ing, together with soldiers -In brilliant
uniforms. The mile and a half of road
outside the town of East Cowes and sepa
rating Osborno from Trinity, pier Is a
typical country thoroughfare. The troops
lining It will have i difficult Work. <The cof
fin, the military spectacle [ and the' other
attendant features will inspire Inters 'In
terest S.nd emotiort^rbut-^wliat -Creates
greater expectancy is, the announcement
that Queen Alexandra and the Princesses
of the royal blood will walk down the
muddy road and through the narrow
streets to the .water's edge. This part of
the programme thus' far holds good, al
though should rain be . falling when the
procession starts from Osborne House the
royal ladles will scarcely persist in their
determination.
It ¦will probably be nearly 4 o'clock to
morrow afternoon when the Alberta, with
the royal coffin, leaves Cowes. ' She will
steam into the single line and' then enter
the passage ' formed by the leviathans.
This evening she lies at Trinity pier. Her
quarterdeck is covered, with awnings, un
der which the men have been working
throughout the day in making the final
preparations. The awning was necessary
because rain fell until a late hour, cold
and dreary weather prevailing.
Apart from these peaceful rows and
rows of (winkling port ilghts,., separated
from .each other ¦* by only a few cable
lengths, one might fancy that the quiet
towns of Cowes and Ryde might be under
going . a blockade. Tho guns sweep^ the
wooded shores at short range. At the
head of the line are the old paddle-wheel
royal yachts, their somber hulls standing
out -in vivid contrast against the white
sides of the Hohenzollern. Then in a sin
gle column come the British' battleships.
Half-way to Portsmouth the single line
merges Into a stately double row, the, ves
sels of the foreign nations and the biggest
of the British craft lying there and wait
ing to salute the body of England's la
mented Queen.
ships, .the f pick of the British;
French and German navies. These lie at
anchor ready to take part in to-morrow's
ceremonies,- when the navy will pay a last
magnificent tribute to trie sovereign whose
reign was. marked, by the greatest naval
progress in the history of the v nation. ;
Jan. 31.-A glittering cres
/f cent of light stretches this even-'
uL_^ ing from Cowes to Portsmouth.
'^~^.' It consists *6f ten miles of ¦war-
Pick of the British^ French and German Navies Are in Array to Salute
the Remains of Queen Victoria as They. Are* Escorted Past
Three days ago, it is said. Savage again
maltreated the woman and her son re
newed his threats. It Is stated that Sav
age aaving become aware of Davenport's
menaces attempted to bluff him this even-
Ing Into yielding up his revolver, but the
bluff failed.
The wound In the former Councilman's
hand will cause him to keep the member
In a sling for some time. After the states
man from the Eighth Ward was locked
up, deputations of brother statesmen, who
had learned of his mishap, called at the
station to offer expressions of sympathy
and to counsel absolute' silence. From
less secretive Individuals the alleged cause
of the shooting was learned. The New
Arlington lodging-house, whose clientele
consists mostly of nondescript females and
their male friends, was conducted by May
Davenport. Her love for Tom Savag^
began to cool over two months ago when
another favored suitor appeared. Two
months ago Savage gave the landlady a
beating on account of her fickleness, and
at that time young Davenport announced
his intention of killing Savage if he struck
his mother again.
Patrolman Hubbard found, young Dav
enport In the Bullard block, where he was
looking for a doctor to dress his wounds.
The young man showed signs of having
been drinking. He said at the central
station that he had a permit to carry a
pistol and that the permit had been pro
cured for him by Savage within a month.
None of the men or women In the lodg
ing-houso would give any information, as
they .uad been cautioned to be careful and
keep their mouths shut. A revolver with
a piece of the cloth of Savage's coat was
found on the floor. The revolvers used In
the duel had been secreted before the ar
rival of the police.
In response to a telephone message sent
to the police station. Patrolman Shand
and Hubbard went to the scene of the
shooting. They met Savage at the foot
of the stairs. He refused to tell the
cause of the shooting and denied that he
had done any of the pistol practice him
self.
Tho former Councilman fired a bullet
which pierced the left hand of Davenport
without, however, breaking any bones. It
grazed the skin of Davenport's abdomen.
Although several other shots were flred,
two by Davenport and three by Savage,
no further damage was done. The wound
ed men broke away from each other and
pranced around in the corridor, which
soon became besplattered. with blo~d. .
Davenport replied, "I'll give it to you as
good as I am able," and producing his
own revolver flred at Savage. The bullet
plowed through Savage's hand, shattered
several of the bones, and entering his
clothing, creased the skin of his abdomen.
Savage refused very positively to give
his version of the fight. Davenport was
not quite so mysterious about the matter,
but he was equally careful not to tell
about the original cause of the shooting.
The young man stated that he "was seated
in room 20 of the Arlington when Savage
came in and took a seat on the other side
of the table. They quarreled over a sub
ject which neither cared to divulge, and
Savage, according to Davenport, sudden
ly drew a revolver and said to the young
can: "You give me that gun of yours."-
Both men were wounded, their Injuries
being very similar In character. After
their wounds were dressed both •were ar
rested and locked up In the City Jail on
charges of assault to murder.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 3L— Former Coun
cilman Tom Savage and a young man
named Charles Davenport, who is said to
ba tho son of May Davenport, Indulged In
a pistol duel in a room at the New Ar
lington lodging-house. Commercial street,
at 6:*5 o'clock this evening.
Special Dispatch to The Call. *f
Charles Davenport Resents
Beating of His Mother
by Tom Savager
Pistols Are Used and
Botfi Participants
Wounded.
LOS ANGELES
MEN FIGHT A
FIERCE DUEL
¦woodsman's clothes, she disguised herself
by severing her long golden hair, then
staining her face and tramped the town
in search of labor by which she could earn
or.ough to buy food for her loved one?.
At several of the mills where she applied
she was recognized and ordered from the
place. Finally she applied fcr work in
the woods and "was promptly accepted by
an agent who failed to note that she was
a woman. Just as she -was about to leave
the city in company with a gang of lum
ber jacks, her brother, who had heard of
her lot juid had been searching forher. ap
peared upon the scene and took her home,
¦where Ehe Is now prostrated.
In her desire to hide the true condition
from her neighbors fhe determined upon
e. desperate step. Borrowing a suit of
CHIPPETVA FALI^S. Wls.. Jan, 31.-
Ratber than appeal to her neighbors for
aid. while her husband lay ill and her
Tour children were en the verge of star
vation. Mrs. George Dick, a woman
¦who at ore time was a loader of the most
fashionable ret here, donned a suit of
Trcodsman's macklnaws and reamed the
town from one end to the other seeking
•work. t.*p to a few months ajo Mrs.
Dick did not know the meaning of wort:.
then her husband became ill, lost his
property and day by day she raw her
babies growing thinner and her husband's
life fading away.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Walks the Town in Search
ol Employment and Is
Hired as a Woodsman.
Former Society Wo
man Bravely Bat
tles for Bread.
DONS MAN'S
CLOTHES M
SEEKS WORK
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 31.— Passengers
from Port Llraon, Costa Rica, report com
plications between Costa Rica and Nica
ragua growing out of the Invasion of the
former republic by an armed force of
Nlcaraguans. Tho two republics were on
very hostile terms only a few months ago
owing to the dispute over boundaries and
both gathered almost their entire military
force en the frontier to prepare for war.
Actual hostilities were prevented by 'the
interference of United States Minister
Merry.
Since then the countries have been 0:1
peaceful terms, but President Zelaya of
Nicaragua complained that Costa Rica
was harboring 1 a number of Nicaraguan
rebels. Plotting and conspiring among
the refugees in Costa Rica was General
Mena,
A fe,w days ago a force of Nicaraguan
soldiers, acting under instructions from
Zelaya, crossed tha boundary line, cap
tured La Cruz and marched General Mena
and the Costa Rican commandant into
Nlcarsguan territory. A force of 500 Costa
Rlcan soldiers was immediately ordered in
pursuit of the kidnapers.. They arrived
at the scene of tho kidnaping too late,
however, for General Mena and the com
mandant of La Cruz h,ad been safely car
ried to Managua and were imprisoned
there.
Bpeclai Dispatch to The Call.
Zelaya's Troops Cross the
Border and Capture
Conspirators.
Nicaragua ana Costa
Rica May Go to
War.
REPUBLICS
ON VERGE OF
HOSTILITIES
TEN MILES OF WARSHIPS
LINE UP TO PAY TRIBUTE
VOLUME LXXXIX— >O. 03.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.To Prevent the Grip
Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne removes th« caui«. •
To Cure a Cold In One Bay.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine -Tablets. All
druicfrists refund the- money If It falls to cure.
E. XV. Grove's signature is on each box. Sc •
Snow Near >San Jose.
BAN JOSE. Jan. 31.— A light snow fall In
the mountains east of town this evening:,
extending almost down to Uhe valley In
rn^ny pllces. Though only, an Inch In
deoth even at the Lick Observatory, It
is enough to clothe the hills In a mantle
of white. - _ - ¦ . -
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— The Assembly Ways
and Means Committee had submitted to it
this afternoon, during its consideration of
the Senate' substitute for . Irish's bill ap
propriating: 1150,000; additional . for the~
debris Impounding Bystem on the Tuba
River, a letter written' to i Colonel Heuer
of the United States Corps •' of . Engineers
by Mr. Irish and. Colonel . Heuer's reply.
The questions asked by Mr. Irish were to
points made against the bill by those who
are fighting It,- and the ; friends of : the
measure regard - Colonel Heuer's ' answer
as Betting forth strong. reasons why the
bill should become a law. ' The two ! let
ters are as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO.'- Jan. 26. ilSOl. '
Colonel AV. H.Heuer., Corps of .'Engineers.
United States Army. ¦ 41 Flood BulldlnK., San
Francisco— My ' Dear ; Colonel:.. There ; seems | to
be a lack of information in respect to certain
questions connected ijWlth^ the* construction - of
restraining barriers on the Tuba River.' and if
entirely consistent : with your/ official .duties, i
Report.
Ralston, However, Is Obdurate and
Will Present a Minority
FRIENDS OP MINING
MEASURE Witt OTJT
.., SAN FRANCISCO. 'Jan. 16, 1901.
.Hon.' John .B.'.- Irish,". San- Francisco. . Cal,—
Dear Sir: gin; reply; to your le'tev of this date
relative to irapoundlni: . barriers « In Hhe ¦ Tuba
River. * I have . to : state that . many, persons i In
terested In the construction of the Impounding
First— Was there an official estimate ¦ Involv
ing an ! estimated cost of $500,000 for the con
struction of the works contemplated • by the
appropriations recently made by " the Legisla
ture of California and; the- Congress 1 of the
United States for the construction of. restrain
ing - barriers ¦ on the - Yuba River? In other
words, were these appropriations based upon
an estimate made officially, or were the appro
priations made to cover works to be thereafter
planned by .the. engineers? \y ' *~
¦ Second— I have been ;-. frequently asked why
the; $300,000 already • appropriated— one-half r re
spectively • by . . our State Legislature < and by
Congress— has not been used, or why work has
not . already been begun under ; that appropria
tion. My recollection : is that you. ; In part.~ at
least, explained - this latter ¦ matter while * be
fore tho - Assembly : Committee on; Mines ¦ and
Mining a few days since, but I am ; not ¦ Just
clear about the facts, and I should be pleased
to have you restate the matter. so that I may
be able . to clearly explain - the ; matter to my
fellcw leslslators. . ".. - .-•¦--• •-•¦'-¦ ¦ : .- .. >¦:;:"_ -.¦¦-¦
TrustlnK •. you : may feel" at liberty to answer
the ¦ above Inquiries, .' I .-. beg , to * remain v with
kindest regards, very truly yours,:
JOHN'B. IRISH. .-
would feel exceedingly grateful if you would
advise me In respect thereto. The points about
which I desire information are these: ;..
Senator' Selvage Scores a Signal Suc
cess in His Llaiden
Speech.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— Senator Selvage made
his first speech before the Senate this
morning, and so seductive was his elo
quence that the Senate added $1000 to hla
appropriation to welcome McKinley and
passed hla resolution with a rush. The
resolution provided for a reception com
mittee composed of the 'President. Presi
dent pro tern., secretary, sergeant-at
arms and five members of the Senate and
the Speaker. Speaker pro tern., chief
clerk, sergeant-at-arm3 and nine members
of the Assembly, and appropriated $1000
for the committee's expenses. This was
amended to make the committee first pro
vided a committee of arrangements and to>'
make a reception committee of the whole
Legislature, with $2000 for expenses.
ADDITIONAL FUNDS FOB
McXINLEY'S RECEPTION
'"No" further ' plans, estimates or projects for
any ; complete ; work . or : system " were ¦ submitted
until January, UPO, when the California Debris
Commission,^ after;** careful examination and
exhaustive : study of : all * the -- previous plan a,
made. Us report, •¦ and estimated $SOO,000~as the
dams for mining and other debris in the Yuba
River have been and are under the Impression
that an estimate of J500.00O Jias been submitted
by some authorized person as the cost of com
pleting such dams or barriers. The Governor
California ¦ was ; doubUesa . under such Impres
sion, for In referring to the debris dams he
?o£> te : j / w *en the State passed the acts in
1893 and i 1897 appropriating said sum of J2W m
it was estimated that ' the whole work coulj
be done for JoOO.OOO.-and it was deemed proper
! n J' le^.^? f L he n8 - tu re of the work proposed
each:»a\r.%h^^/? nd ; nat! ° n " h - Id^
¦¦ Since; the message was published the verlous
°°.T U !S llt i iW t J relat L n * t0 river improve
ment and debris , dams have been examined
and In the report of 1882 Is found an estlmiti
for dams on the Yuba , River to cos? Jlfiaf 000
and In another report published in 1831 bvi
board, sometimes known as the Hire* ™«
mission, ' Ts found an estimate for dam on t hi
Yuba : River at Dehuerre Point to ° C o,t fi,™
$300,000 to $640,€0O. depending on us height and
an additional estimate of *300,00O for restriction
works on . the Yuba River below th« i "oothina
The 3 estimate of ; this - Board of Engineer*'
therefore. ' varies • between • the limits of 1600 -
OCO : and $940,000 for completion of "he work*
referred to.
Melick will call up the question to-mor
row morning on his motion to reconsider
The large affirmative vote to-day how
ever." precludes almost certainly the pos
sibility of a different decision to-morrow
Joseph R. Knowland of Alameda con
sented to accept the chairmanship of Cali
fornia's first real" counterpart of the
Lexow committee only after the person
nel of the committee had been disclosed
to him. He told Speaker, Pendleton that
would have nothing to do with the in
vestigation unless members were asso
ciated with him whom he could trust to
bring in a report in strict accordance with
the facts developed jay the Investigation
Of ..the : committee "Webber, Schillig"
Wright and Laird are lawyers. " UI11 *«
Knowland said to-night that nomeetlng of
tho committee would beheld until after the
Assembly should act to-morrow on Melick's
motion to f reconsider. If the Assembly
does not experience a change of heart the
committee will then at once organize and
begin its preliminary meetings here
Examination of • witnesses will no doubt
be conducted at meetings held In San
Francisco and It Is probable that the com
mittee will leave here Monday and will be
ready to begin the - hearing about Tues
day. :
The vote as it finally stood was: Ayei,
4G; noes, 22. Those voting in the affirma
tive were: Anderson of Santa Clara,
Barnes. Bauer, Bennink, Bliss, Brough
ton, Butler,. Clarke, Cavagnaro. Cromwell
Duryea, Evatt. Fisk. Foster, Franklin'
Gans, Greer. Guilfoyle, Haley, Henry
Hourlgan.-Hubbard, Irish. Johnson. John
Knight, Knowland, Macbeth. Mattos'
McNeil. .McWade, Merritt, • Myers Ral
ston, Reeber, Roberts. Savage, Schllli^
Schlesinger, Stewart of San Diego Sutro"
TTeadwell. Walker, "Webber, Wrleht'
Pendleton. sm '
On roll call a number of members re
frained from voting and afterward voted
"aye" and a few changed from "no" to
"aye." Mellck changed his vote from
"no" to "aye", and gave notice of a mo
tion to reconsider.
Fisk closed the argument wrth a speech
full of emphatic assertions of the Legis
lature's duty to inquire into the alleged
alliance between the San Francisco Police
Department and the gamblers and tne
prevalence of other forms of vice under
the protection of the law.
Speaker Pendleton ruled Fellz's motion
out of order, but upon protests by John
son, Dunlap and Melick he confessed his
error and put Feliz's motion to vote,
promptly declaring It lost and ruling that
the demand thnt was heard for a roll call
was upon the motion to adopt the resolu
tion and not upon Feliz's motion. Melick
protested against the shutting off of de
bate, and Pendleton finally consented to
withhold the roll call until members
should be heard.
. Fisk said that the misconduct of the po
lice had .been notorious and there ought
not to be any delay. Savage of Los An
geles said that when the laws of the State
were being flagrantly violated there must
be not a moment's delay, "much less a
day's, -In beginning investigation. Knight
of San Francisco -said If was notorious
that the San Francisco Police Department
was flirting with vice and the Assembly's
action' ought to be immediate. - ' ¦ V
Anderson . withdrew his motion, but
Feliz at once made the same motion — that
the resolution be printed: in the Journal
and made a special order immediately
after the - reading of the minutes to-mor
row. HOMmIMIIiiWII HHIWIhH
-"I have- been familiar with • Investiga
tions by the Assembly, for some years,"
Feliz continued, "anrl it is true that at the
bottom of every one of them has been
nothing more nor less than a political
scheme. In every case there have been
outside Influences'- and the purpose has
been to make or- destroy the political fu
ture of some man."
Anderson of Solano objected to the im
mediate consideration of so important : a
matter, and moved that the resolution^be
made a special order for. to-morrow morn
ing.' ' 'WJjMHi jHWtH iMffijl'UllWlMWWPfll
Feliz said he believed San Francisco to
bft fully capable of dealing with this prob
lem without calling for the aid of the Leg
islature In a matter outside of the latter's
province.
"I have no desire," said Fisk. "to do Re
publican politics in this matter. Therefore
I ask, if thia resolution be adopted/that
neither myself yor any other member
from San Francisco be appointed on tho
dommlttee. but that country members en
tirely be chosen for this investigation." .:'-
Flak in moving the adoption of the res
olution said the time had come when the
people of the State ought to take a hand
In the affnlrs of San Frunclsco If they
were to continue to be bo conducted as to
be a public scandal. He salt! the news
papers had been teeming with accounts
of the disregard by the. Police Department
of violations of laws against gambling
and other vices.
Resolved. That a select committee of five
members of the Assembly be appointed by the
Spaker to immediately and fully, thoroughly
and carefully investigate each and all of said
charges, whether direct or indirect, and to
report Its findings to this House; and J.hat said
committee . have full power to subpena wit
nesses, administer oaths, take testimony, send
for persons, books, telegrams and papers, to
employ a clerk and a Ktencgrapher, and that
It have leave to sit at the city and county of
San Francisco during the session of the As
sembly, together with such other powers as
shall be necessary for a full performance of
Its duties, and to report fully and as speedily
as possible, with such recommendations rs to
-necessary legislation In tho premises as It may
dopm proper.
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
_— k ALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
£ MENTO. Jan. 31.— The Assembly
B k took upon itself this morning the
X^7 task of fiitpmiitir.tr to purge tho
San Francisco Police Department.
After an acrimonious debate a resolution
offered by Fisk was adopted authorizing
the Speaker to appoint a committee of
five to investigate the charges that a
compact exists whereby police protection
is extended to Chinese and other gam
bling games in San Francisco.
Speaker Pendleton has selected as mem
bers of the committee the following
named: Knowland of Alameda (.chair
man), Webber of Napa, Schillig of Yuba
and Sutter, Wright of Santa Clara and
L.aird of Kern.
The resolution. met with severe denun
ciation as embodying a partisan scheme
aimed at the wrecking of political hopes,
and several members of the majority, no
tably Brown of San Mateo. Dunlap and
Mclick, pleaded for delay, asking that at
least one day be given for Assemblymen
to familiarize themselves with the import
of the resolution. Several members of the
minority also bitterly opposed investiga
tion but the motion to 'adopt was crowd
ed through wlt'i vindictive haste, and the
vote upon it stood, ayes 46, noes 22. The
resolution is as follows: ,-,
Wherras. direct charges hav<? been mad»
that various forms of Chinese and other gam
bling games, forbidden by the laws of this
State are being conducted and carried on
openly In the city and county of San Fran-
Whereas, It has been charged that the Police
Department of said city and : county has for
some time declared Us Inability to suppress
eald gambling games; and
Whereas, It Is also charged that the Bald
Police Department of San Francisco. In view
of its acknowledged Inability to close said
games and punish such offenders, has entered
Into a compact or agreement with said per
sons operating and conducting said gambling
games, to allow said gambling ¦ games to run
openly and without molestation, and In direct
violation of tho laws and statutes in force in
this State; and
Whereas, such charges have . been given wide
publicity In the press, and should therefore
be Investigated, to the end that, if found to
be true, the Legislature should enact such
necessary legislation as will enable tho Police
Department of the city 'and : county of San
Francisco to suppress such ; gambling games;
or should It be found that the present laws
of the State are sufficient to enable the said
Police Department to bring about' the suppres
sion of said gambling games and the convic
tion nnd punishment of the guilty parties, then
to recommend such legislative action as will
require and compel the said Police Department
and officlalb in control' In said city and county
to at once suppress such gambling games and
punish the offenders against the laws "of the
State; now, therefore, be It .
ALLEGATIONS THAT CRIME
IS PROTECTED TO BE PROBED
Assembly Committee Will Inquire Into Alleged
Compact With Chinese Gamblers. ¦ '' "
LEGISLATORS .IN ACTION AS SEEN BY A CARTOONIST.
cost of completion of the works therein recotn
""Esrecial attention Is Invited to the fact that
In 1S33 when the State made Its appropriation
of J2C0 000. on certain conditions specified in
the act and Congress in 1S98 appropriated an
emnl amount, no estimates that the work
could -be comaleted for SOOO.COO had ever been
"Furthermore, you auk why with tha J300.000
acDroprlated tnd supposed to be available
work -on lmpoundlns barriers had' not been
commenced. Instead of waiting 1 for further
Hums to be appropriated. The reason- Is plain.
The laws both State and national, making
these appropriations, or. In relation thereto,
contained conditions such that In one case the
money appropriated could not be . used until
the entire amount available wai sufficient ¦ to
complete the work, and in another case, that
no money could be spent or used until- the
plans had been submitted to and approved by
the Stnte' Board of Examiners. On June 6,
1900 Congress, in the emergency river and h«r
bor'act. authorised the commencement of worK
und made money appropriated available, .but
Fubiect t» approval of plans and specinca
tlons by the State Board of EM™» n er». Mpro;
vlded by State law. Approval of plans by
State bnard Is said to have been given on De
cemberST 1900. If so. that date In the earliest
£rtod at' which any of the $300,000 appro
priated for The work on the Tuba River became
available. Very respectfully. r
Lieutenant Colonel. Corps of Engineers.
The Ways and Means Committee held a
long and stormy session' this afternoon,
devoting most of Its time to the roineiV
bill The entire matter was threshed
over and much bitterness of feeling ex
hibited When it finally came to. a.^ vote
the friends of the measure triumphed the
comtalttee voting to recommend that It
nass™ Ralston will make a minority re
?Srt"andV will flghf the bill on the floor of
tho Assembly. -
SENATE PASSES
THE STANPOBD BILL
Kowell, a Regent of the University
of California, Is Its Only
Opponent.
PALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MKNTO Jan 31 -The Cutter bill exempt
fng^he university building in Santa Clara
County of Stanford University and all
Ss held by the trustees for the benefit
of the university was passed by the Sen
ate this afternoon, the vote belne a>es
•3 noes 1. Senator Rowell was the one
member who opposed the bill.
Rowell declared against the bill as es
tablishing a precedent and jlo
lating the true principle of taxation.
Davil spoke eloquently and earnestly in
favor of the bill, and expressed surprise
th\t a regent of the University of Call
fomi-f should be the one man to raise his
voice gainst liberal treatment of Stan-
and I.ukens hastened
to avow that Dr. Rowell spoke for him
self alone, and each of them spoke elo
(1U The U onW r sSech other than Dr. Rowell's
that approached an attitude of opposition
was made by Wolfe, and he declared he
wSSldvote for the bill because exemption
?f Stanford University property had been
aDDroved by the people. Belshaw said
fhe university sought exemption in order
that it might seek investment for its
funds in local bonds bearing higher rates
of interest instead of Government bondS.
Tne corresponding Assembly bill will
come up to-morrow. .
GALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31. —The bills re
garding State health regulation,
introduced In the Legislature at
the behest of the Governor, were
given a new lmpetU3 by a message he
sent to both houses to-day, which throws
light on the reasons which prompted the
measures. His message told of a commis
sion ; secretly appointed which has been
sent to this coast and Is laboring secretly
on the problem which the State thought
had been fought out and solved.
An effort waa made to call the blll3 out
of the committee to which.they had been
referred so that action could be taken im
mediately, but as this was found to be
impossible action was postponed, but it
will be delayed no longer than it takes to
have the bills printed.
The Governor's message wa3 receivea
In the Assembly before the sensction
caused by Fisk's resolution for the Inves
tigation of the»San Francisco Police De
partment had had time to subside, and
Immediately excitement was at lever heat
The" message was read and immediately
afterward Dr. Hasson, chairman of tne
Public Health and Quarantine Committee,
presented a report out of order recom
mending that the three health measures
introduced yesterday do. pass.
Johnson moved that the bills be at once
given the second reading. I James objected
and Johnson withdrew that motion and
moved that the bills be made a special
order on the second reading file to-mor
row morning Immediately after the read
ing of the minutes. Melick asked why the
bills should not take the regular order,
an,* Johnson said the case was one of ur-
B Tames asked if the object was to inter
fere with the work of the commission sent
out by the Federal Government. Johnson
replied that there was no such intention.
His motion was passed.
In the meantime speculation was rife
among the legislators as to what Dr. J. J.
Kinyoun was * doing in Sacramento. He.
came in last evening and registered at the
Capital Hotel under the assumed name
of J. Keenan. He denied that his business
here had any connection with the meas
ures before the Legislature and declared
he was visiting relatives. To-day he re-
Iterated his statements, and added In ex
planation of his change of names that it
would eerm peculiar if it was known he
was in Sacramento just when these bills
wefe up " so he decided not to register as
Kinyoun. He said his determination not
to register his true name was made when
he read of the Governor's bills while on
his way to Sacramento. #««„„-.
The Governor's message Is as follows.
EXECUT1VK DEPARTMENT.
FTATE OF CALIFORNIA.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 31. 1301.
To the Atssmbly of th» State of California:
I have the honor to represent to your hon
orable body that upon Sunday, the twentj
sevrnth <1ay ot this month. I received infor
nwtion that the United States Treasury De
partment had sent to this State «t commission
o"e™nert» to make an ex parte Investigation
?nto the condition ot the public health of our
.State, and that some U the dlstm«u!shed mem
bers of t-ald commission were already In the
rltv of San Francisco.
HpallzlnK the gravity of an Investigation con
ductedin 5«-reV. without any opportunity on
fhe part of the State authorities to ««"nlne
into the work a* It 1* intended to be con
r-ucted by the said commission appointed by
fhe United States Treasury department. I
flamed It of the most Immediate importance
fo innulre of the President the reasons and
Duroo^o of this secret i-ommlsslon. and on the
»Sth^ ir^tant I transmitted the following tele
eram o the President of the United States:
•T have "been Informed that the Treasury
Department has sent a commission of experts
SSS rnSS^nVingX
J. J. Klnyoun to the surgeon general of the
Marine Hospital Service.
"I hope that In this matter of vital Interest
to the people' Of California there Is no Inten
tional discourtesy on th* part of the oSlcer
directed by the Treasury Department to super
vise this investlzation.
"In this matter, which concerns deeply the
welfare of this Stato, I respectfully request
that co-cperatlon with Uie State authorities by
Huch experts should be advised. In order that
the State may select eminent home bacteriolo
gists nnd physicians as well as. If deemed
necessary, bacteriologists and physicians from
other £iates and countries, to eimatno the
same suspected eases, so aa to arrive at a
correct and Impartial conclusion.
"I dislike much now to call your attention
to this matter, but th« Irreparable Injury here
tofore tiorfe to this State by unfair and ex
pane examinations itairants this, appeal."
Yesterday oTternoon 1 received from the hon
orable the Secretary of the Treasury tHe fol
lowing telegraphic reply:
" "Reply Ing to your telegram of January -X
niMre.-.-«vil to th«* President, the commission
appointed by this department embraces ex
perts who by reason of technical knowledge
ar.d'persDnal experience with the disease make
it the hljhsst possibles authority. They ar<»
from great Institutions of learning entirely
disconnected 'with any department ot the Gov
ernment, and ire chosen from different sec
tions of the country, wholly on account ot
their attainment?, and have been directed to
call upon you for the purpose of pa>ing their
respects and acquainting you with their work.
In no sense therefore is any discourtesy in
tended, and the department de»ir<r« the com
mission to make tli?se investigations In Its
own way. unhampered by detailed instruction*
from the Marine Hospital Service or any other
Influence. It Is expected to ascertain the facts.
and the department does not feel It should
hamper the commission in its method of in
vestigating and getting at the facts. It will
be independent of Dr. Klnyoun or any pre
vious reports. Its conclusions ure to be basej
on Ha own observations ar.d will be made
known to this department r'.one and promyU/
forwarded to you by the Department."
From thls> answer cf the Honorable the S«^
retary of the Treasurx It la apparent that
State co-operatlcn Is refused, and that the In
vestigation of the commission will be con
ducted wholly uptfn such lines as will exclude
any possible opportunity en the part of tha
State to either verify or refute any position
which may now or hereafter be taken by th«
said commission or the United States Marina
Hospital service.
Under these circumstances the State Is ncv
forced to rely upon an Investigation pursued
by a commission which It has neither Invited
to Its territory nor In the selection of whose
personnel It has had any voice.
The previous Inaccurate reports respecting
the existence of bubonic plague In this State,
which has resulted In the injury to the repu
tation for health of this State as well as in
Injury to Its citizens, industries and commerce,
have been the consequence of a system of ex
parte Investigation, without opportunity of
State examination or supsrvl3lon.
The repetition of such Investigations upon
secret lines, without public scrutiny under
State authority as have been heretofore pur
sued will Imperil the welfare of every citizen
and inhabitant of the State and will bring dis
tress to the farmer, orcaardlst. horticultur
ist, manufacturer, tradesman, merchant, as
well as to all our marine and land transporta
tion companies.
The meanest criminal under the constitution
of the United States cannot be dented the right
of being confronted by his accusers, listening
to their testimony and subjecting them to crcss
examinatton. and shall It be contended that tha
great State cf California shall be unjustly de
nied a similar privilege In th* opportunity of
facing those who. impugning the public health
as the result of & secret and one-sided examina
tion, might choose to cast an Irremovable
blemish upon the State's lanltary condition,
on which the personal rights and property of
her citizens In a large measure depend?
The State belns denied a hearing I con
scientiously believe, therefore, that - legislation
la Immediately and urgently needed toy which
our State may assume that general and on
restrained control over the subject of the public
health within its borders which »o vitally con
cerns her, and which Is her Inalienable right
by virtue of her sovereignty.
Impelled by the sense of raWe duty. In view
of this exceedingly grave situation, I rely upon
the discretion of your honorably body to tak^
such appropriate action in the premises as may
be deemed advisable. IIKNRT T. GAGE.
Governor of the State of California.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
KINYOUN AT SACRAMENTO
UNDER ASSUMED NAME
Secret Commission to Investigate Alleged
- Existence of Bubonic Plague
In California.
CHARGES PARIS COMMISSION
WITH GRAVE OFFENSES
bridge.
"Of course there were many scene's of
jollity and "merrimt-nt and the Commls-
Men and Women Gambled,. California's In
terests were Neglected and Revelru
iiGiyiiuUi .
SENSATIONAL developments In
th« legislative inquiry into the
affairs of the California Com
mission to tlie Paris Exposition
were not confined yesterday trs
Sacramento.
A new witness, and a Vitally Important
one, has appeared In this city and
before the investigation is over he will
give his testimony at the Capitol. This
witness Is Andrew Dennis, the colored
porter •who served the California Oom
misFion at its headcuarters in Paris dur
ing the ?tay of those Interesting officers,
at the French capital'.
Drr.r.is had an opportunity of seeing
everything which transpired at the head
quarters, and the story h<> tells of the
netiens of the Commissioners and their
friends la one of shocking immorality,
drunken revelry, pnmbling among men
end women, neglect of duty, misappro
priation of exhibits and other derelictions
¦which reflect anything but credit upon
the commission. This porter describes the
fight between Commissioner Foote and
Commissioner Truman. He relates the
duties 'hat the Commissioners forced him
to perform for their private benefit.
He tells of a gambling pariy in which
one of the Commissioners lost 2500 francs
to a woman and was forced to go to the
bank the following morning to secure
funds. He relates the incidents
which accompanied the visits of
disreputable women to the head
quarters, and he recites a tale
¦which is perhaps more shockingly sensa
tional than any which has yet been. told
of the commission and its affairs.
Young Dennis begins his recital by
telling of incidents which immediately
precsded the celebration of July 4, 1903, by
the California Commission.
"Sousa had promised to attend our cele
bration," t=aid Dennis last night, "and
preat preparations had been made for the
affair. Commissioner Truman had told
the other Commissioners that he ¦ would
attend and then he told me that he would
r.ot, as he did net like the character of
the people who had been invited.. I knew
then that something was wrong among
the Commissioners, but Truman Was not
the only guiltless one in the crowd.
"He used to send me out every day with
from three • bottles cf wine to a case to
take to his home in Paris or to his friends
and he never even paid for the express
age on them. I used to take this wine
frcra the stock belonging to the-commis
sion. While we were there Truman
moved his residence and I had to do the
moving. I dipcovered that he had stocked,
his place with canned goods, fruit o?
every description and -wines which came
from the store of the California exhibit.
"One day he took me downstairs to the
cafe and asked me If Foote and Gaskill
were talking about him. He told me
that neither Foote nor Gaskill were any
pr»od. and that he was getting tired of the
•whole affair. When the wine was taken
cway Gaskill would always demand that I
£*>t vouchers for that which Truman took.
but I never got any vouchers for what
the others sent away, and they sent a
treat, deal. Emlay took away a great
deal of wine, and Truman told me that
Kmla>l was selling it to the various ho
tel*. Xo inventory whatever was taken
cf the stock at the California headquar
ter?, and any amount of stuff could be
taken out and was taken out while we
were there.
"One day Loeb, th<> French interpreter
who was employed by Secretary Gaskill,
came to me. very early <n the morning
and asked me for the keys of the wine
cellar. I pave them to him and thrn got
up to ?<e what he was doing. I discov
ered that he look away several cases of
¦wine in a hack. Loeb was cmploved by
QaskttJ at a sa'.ary of $03 a month.* which
v.as raised to $M a month. When we
reached Paris he bought a quantity of ob
ecru-> French pictures which he tried to
«e!» to visitors who rameXo the California
headquarters. Complaint was made by
two California:-.* and an investigation was
made, but nothing further was done.
"As for the wines given to the Juries,
no more than twelve bottles were supplied
to th«m, and I got those for the Jurors.
The Commissioners were very seldom at
th«» headquarters, and Assistant Secretary
Dargie and I were the only people there
to welcome visitors, who would very fre
qupntly ask who was running the place
end wh^re the Commissioners wore. The
Commissioner?, as a matter of fact, were
at Henry's, an American bar on the Rue
des Capuchins, playing poker and doml
riocs with Americans all day long. They
were very seldom at the headquarters,
and Dargie and myself were left there
«lon»».
"One night I went to headquarters and
fotind Commissioner Truman sitting In a
chair grossly and helplessly drunk.- He
had been nauseated in-; was in a very
unpresentable condition. I went away and
In the morning when I returned I found
Commissioner Truman Iving asleep on a
bear rug on the floor. He went over to
Henry's, the American bar, and got credit
for four bottles of wine which Commis
sioner Foote paid for
"In September came the fight between
Commissioner Foote and Commissioner
Truman.. I knew the fight was coming be
cause I heard some one tell Mr. Footo
that unless he punched Mr.-Truman in the
3aw things would be disagreeable for him.
The day of the fight Commissioner Foote
wai In the headquarters when Commis
nioncr Truman entered. ' Truman went In
to the Inner- room and- a minute later I
beard curses and a striking blow. There
were loud. words and scuffling and I and
air. Darde rushed Into the room.
"Mr. Foote ¦was getting. 'the worst" of
It, as he was. very gToggy 'that day, and
Just as I entered Mr. Truman had an Ink
well In his hand and was about to throw
It at the head of lir. Foote. I Jumped
at Mr. Truman to hold him and Mr. Foote
chouted: 'That's right, Andrew, hold him*
the fellow won't give me a
square deal and will kill me.* I held Mr.
Truman and turned him over to Mr"
Dargie. I then escorted Mr. Foote down
stairs to the street, where a hack was
waiting, and where Mr. Foote met a lady
friend. They drove away together Mr
Foote and Mr. Truman did not speak to
each other for a week after that.
"Poker parties were very frequent at
the headquarters, and Commissioners
Koote and Runyon and Secretary Gaskill
tnd several of their lady friends took part
in them. Sometimes the ladles won and
sometimes they didn't. It depended alto
gether on who they were. Some of them
could play better than others, and, of
course, they won. In one party a lady
won 2500 francs from Commissioner Foote.
and be was forced to go to' the bank the
next morning lo get some money. But
that lady was a pretty good poker player;
she came from Honolulu.
"Once In a while ladles would come up
to see Commlsisoner Foote when they
were Jn distress. I loaned one cf them 53
francs myself, but Commissioner Focte
paid It back. The lady was an actre3»
who .used to play at Morosco's. ; She Is in
Paris yet, I think, because there Is no
sloners were not .frequently sober, but 1
suppose they were having a good time
and it was none of my business. This i
think Includes In a general way, without
entering Into a variety of details, what
I know of what happened in the Califor
nia headquarters at the Paris Exposition."
j
|
;
!
TRUMAN SCORES FOOTE.
Beplies to the Colonel in Extremely
Harsh. Words.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.—The Investigation of the
Parts Commission took on a more roseate
hue this afternoon, for most of the time
was spent in investigating the. alcoholic
capacity of the Commissioners and their
willingness and ability to carry away
Wine from the storeroom at the head
quarters. In the general mix-up Truman
suffered most. There was not a good
word said for him during the afternoon,
and there were plenty that were bad.
Robert Itcss. son of United States Judge
Ross, v.-ho was one of Gaskill's.assist
ants, was the most interesting witness of
the session. Ho was called to tell what
he knew of the doings of the- commission
during his month ot service.
Regarding the number of visitors at the
heauquarters Kofs said 'JUO a day wouj<
be a large estimate, and of these more
than hair were Americans.' Tney were
shown the exhibits' and through tne
rooms, and were given wine if they
wished it. '
"Did you ever see anything Improper
around these headquarters':'' askeu Mel-
Jek. "Ye* r I have ' seen* Air. Truman
orunk several times," was the answer.
•Did you ever see Mr. Gaskill undet
the influence of liquor.'" "So, I never
saw Air. Gaskill drunk."
•'Did you ever see Foote drunk?" "No,
not in tne headquarters."
"Ever see him drinking elsewhere".'"
"Yes; I have seen Air. Foote when he
had been drinking. I have seen him take
six cocktails in an afternoon, if that is
wnat you mean."
"Did you ever see any carousals in the
headquarters in which there were
¦women?" "So, I never did;"
"Why did you leave the employ of the
commission?" "I was asked to resign by
the secretary, who said the board had or
dertd it. 1 refused to( resign until charge*
were preferred against mo. and 1 think it
was Mr. Gaskill who said the maps I
was working on were not coming oat rap
idly enough. I explained this. 1 They said
1 had opened\wine without authority and
1 denied this.' They said, too, I was in
toxicated, and this, toor, I denied, for it
was not true. Nest day I got a note
from the commission asking lor my res
ignation."
Four months later, Ross said, Truman
called him Into his room and in the pres
ence, of Marais, who was called In as a
witness, told Ross that as his dismissal
had not been* entered on the minutes the
commission was willing to treat the in
tervening time as a vacation and would
take him back and give him his salary for
that time. Ro?s refused the offer.
Th%n the witness offered this letter in
evidence as showing Truman's version of
the affair and also the feeling that ex
isted in the commission last September.
PAHIS. Sept. 26. 1900.
My Dear Friend: Your son returned here
to-day, and as Foote is in Spain and Gaskill
In l»ndon I called the boy into my i*om in
the presence of a witness, not to listen to
him. Imt to myself (and, by the way. I did
£>!! thev-a'.klnm, and 1 told him (your boy) the
vlr>!e s-tory of his damnable treatment by
Ftpcte—Vhlcta I had said tr» Foo.'e before he
v<nt tj Madrid —and his inhuman treatment
fcv the ww-llvfd, dirty. Infamous dog' Gaskill,
n.\l s»a>i lo him that the commission would
ncf ac-ewt his resignation. As the dirty dog
c.-i-Mll ,8 away and cannot control the wpak
n-inAo.1. weak-Stne^d Foote if he comes back
ti'-mprrow, and the latter will return from
Ki'iyfr to-morrow. I think, and as I have gen
rrslly been ipnored by Foote and Hunyon in
rr.oj-t matter?, 1 shall now insist upon not
recognizing your son's reslpnetion forced by
the infamous Oaskill and v*><? cowardly W.
W. Foote and tell b!m to draw his salary for
four months and consider that he \As been
9 member of the commission all the time, and
that nothing has happened. 1 have told Rob
bie that he need not pay anything against
Toote to any human being (except his lather
and mother), and that he should tell no person
what I have done. (It would take a dozen
pages to tell you of the infamy of Secretary
i;.•!!• kill, who controls Foote.) All this I have
said to" Foote. I knew his father, and I hated
to say fo. but I told Foote to his race that
ho was untrue, unfair, unworthy and con
trolled by Oaskill. I said even more. But
vour son shall be rifchted to-morrow or when
Foote returne or there- will be a dreadful
scene. But, my diear friend, while Foote ccmes
from a fine Southern family, he is a liar, a
traducer and a coward. Yours very truly.
BEN C. TRUMAN.
Binee writing you the foregoing Uobhle has
paid to me that Foot" and Oaskill have paid
t-> him that they tried to save him, but "old
Truman insisted en kicking him out."
Was there anything so damnable? Why I
frught putting him out all the way through.
Feote applied all the epithets known to your
bob and ordered him with oaths not to smoke,
etc. and Gaskill set him to work in the
kitchen with a negro and a French cook in
order to humiliate him and get rid of him.
Well, your son is and has been an attache of
cur commission all the time or there will ba
a hell of a scene to-morrow. TRUMAN.
Rofs had much more to say of Truman
and Foote and how each of them would
come to him privately and after swearing
roundly at the other, would suggest that
he go and repeat the remarks. "They
wore not men enough to talk to each
other." said Ross, "fo they used to come
and tell me."
Emlay also told of Truman's convivial
habits, going into great detail.
"I was coming home on the night of
July 7 last," he said, "and on going Into
the" headquarters I saw Truman there. He
was very drunk and was looking pale and
sick. 1 tried to revive him and worked
over him for four hours. Then he felt
better and I left him. I saw him again at
6 o'clock the next morning. He was look
ing very bad, dirty and sick. His face
had not been washed and he was looking
very disreputable."
"Was that the only time you ever saw
Truman drunk?" continued Mellck.
"No." said Emlay. "I saw him drunk
one day, it was the day Mr. Runyon was
leaving, down at the depot. He had a
bottle of wine under each arm and said
he wanted to give Mr. Runyon a good
send-off. He was attracting a great deal
of attention and was making quite a
Ecene."
Mellck asked many questions regarding
the receipt which Emlay had been given
when he paid the money for medals to
Aine, and he called Emlay's attention to
the Item. "Four bronze medals at ?20
each. $100." Emlay declared he knew of
no such discrepancy when he paid the
amount, nor did he know of the discrep
ancy, he said, until Melick showed the
receipt to him. He was asked what there
was about the bill which showed that It
had been paid and he pointed to a rubber
stamp mark'- at the ; bottom. Ho
said that In France all bills were
receipted In that way. He said he
paid the full amount showing on the re
ceipt, and he did not know nor did he
rind out later that it was $20 too. much.
Later A. Ekman, who was In charge of
the mining exhibit, was shown the re
ceipt and he said he would not have ac
cepted It In that form as a receipted bill
Ekman was called to the stand to ex
plain the damage done to the Davidson
quartz specimen, which he did by saying
some of the points were chipped off by
poor packing. He added nothing to the
scandals, except to describe a drunken
waiter who attacked him and whom he
hit with his fist.
This evening Judge Henshaw and Erall
JCusbaumer came up from Oakland and
until late -to-nieht they were closeted
with Foote and Runyon and the Governor
In Foote's rooms In the capital Hotel. \v
H. Mills may be called to testify to-mor
row, and Joseph Lynch ¦will also be on
hand. The turn of affairs this afternoon
which brought the Inquiry into the per
sonal conduct of the Commissioners is
likely to assure the opposition which
Foote promised in the first place Jf per
sonal conduct should become one of the
subjects Inquired into.
METHODS OF LOCAL POLICE OFFICIALS ARE TO BE INVESTIGATED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1901;
2
Cathartic pills never have* and never
can cure Indigestion and stomach troubles,
because they act only on the bowels,
whereas the whole trouble la In tha
stomach.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets taken after
meals digest the food. That Is all there Is
to it. Food not digested or half-digrested
is poison, as It creates gas. acidity, head-
aches, palpitation of the heart, lou o*
flesh and appetite and many other
troubles, which are often called by iom«
Ot They n are e fold by druggists everywhere
in the United States. Great Britain and
Canada. "' '
Stomach troubles are so common and In
most cases so obstinate to cure that peo-
ple are apt to look with suspicion on any
remedy claiming to be a radical perma-
nent cure for dyspepsia and Indigestion.
Many such people pride themselves on
their acuteness In never being hum-
bugged, especially in medicines.
This fear of being humbugged can ba
carried too far. so far. In fact, that many
people suffer for years with weak diges-
tion rather than risk a little time and
money In faithfully testing -the claims
made for a remedy so reliable and univer-
sally- used as Stuart's Dyspepsia TableU.
Now Otuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
vastly different In one Important respect
from ordinary patent medicines for the
reason that they are not a secret patent
medicine; no secret Is made of the ingred-
ients, but analysis shows them to contan
the natural digestive ferments, pur©
aseptic pepsin (government test) Golden
Seal and diastase. They are not cathartic,
neither do they act powerfully on any
particular organ, but they cure Indiges-
tion on the common sense plan of digest-
ing the food eaten thoroughly before It
has time to ferment, sour and cause tho
mischief. This Is the only secret of their
success.
bugged Prevents Many People
From Trying a Good
Medicine.
The Fear of Being Deceived or Hum-
CARRIED TOO FAR.
ADVERTISEHLENTS.
DR.MEYERS&CO.- j|Si%
Specialists. Diseaai* *J§Pv*
and weakness ot " jjjggfr .__ jg*.
men. Established £$* -^faft* L
188L Consultation WM f&'^Lf'
and private book \3ju\l jul
free, at office or by >»v?8,
mail. Cures ruar- \ff'Ww3^^
ket street '(elevator A^KyA 1 *^
entrance). San >«£V flN8££iK k.
Francisco. .*SStK«4tr^!BrtES^^TEN MILES OF WARSHIPS LINE UP TO PA? TRIBUTE
Continued From First Page \
Anonymous letters wer© received by Mr.
ar.d Mrs. Douzlass and Dr. Crank, de
manding J70W for suppression of alleged
Information which the writer said would
ruin them If mad© public. The money was
ordered placed In the hands of Dr. Hor
man. who v.as to place it In the office
window when the writer, who gave the
name of J. W. Morrison, would call and
cet It. These letters were placed In the
hands of postofflce inspectors.
It was found that suspicion pointed to
Horman and marked postage stamps were
placed in his desk. These were found on
letters sent to the Intended victims. The
prisoners were brought before United
States Commissioner Adler for a prelim
inary hearing. Police Inspectors are here
from Chicago to compare the handwriting
of letters sent to Edward Cudahy with
reference to the kidnaping of his son with
that of the letters in this case.
Dr. Horman has been for twenty-five
years confidential secretary and office
man for Mr, Douglass and is a fellow
member in the same castle of the lynlghts
of Pythias.
jtt INCINNATI. Jan. 31.— Sensational
fl arrests for alleged attempted
vL> blackmail were mads to-day by
a United States Deputy Marshal.
'a he prisoners are Dr. Fred B.
Horman. his wife, Dr. Adah S. Horman,
and her son by a former marriage, Clyde
Sheehan. Th© Intended victims of the al
leged attempted blackmail are Howard
Douglass, an attorney prominent in Pyth
ian circles, being past supreme chancel
lor of th© world In that organization, and
his wife and Dr. Crank, his family physi
cian. -~-
HOWARD DOUGLASS, PAST SUPREME CHANCELLOR OF THE
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS. WHO HAS CAUSED THE ARREST OF FOUR
PERSONS OX A CHARGE OF ATTEMPTING TO BLACKMAIL HIM. '
HOME, Jan. 21.— Pope Leo XIII has
Seslgnated ." Met. Cranlto d© Bel
nor.te. Papal Nuncio In Brussels, to pro
t^ei to London and to present to King
Edward tbe condolences of his Holiness
tpon the death of Queea Victoria and
VUdtations upon his coming to the
iron*. ,
Condolences of the Pope.
OMAHA, Feb. 1.— A telephonic report
from Beatrice says a preat conflagration
If threatening tho whole business center
?f the city. The fire brok© out In the
•¦a*exnent of Hoagiand'a drug store. T^he
!rug store. Webb & £on's dry goods store
ind other buildings have been burned en
tirely; loss $35,003. At 1:30 this morning
:he fire Is still raping and will probably
ipread to other buildings.
Ulra in a Nebraska Town.
It Is estimated- that 6000 people have
been unable to secure tickets for . the
Queen Victoria funeral service which is
to be held to-morrow afternoon at Me
chanics' Pavilion. All day yesterday Wil
liam Grcer Harrison and ¦- Dr. Frederick
d'Evelyn were busily engaged in answer
ing personal requests for tickets, the ap
plications comlne from men and women
In all walks of life. All applicants were
informed, however, that the seating ca
pacity of the pavilion had been allotted.
Tickets for the members of the choirs,
who will take part In the service, were
mailed last night. The singers and mu
sicians will be requested to be at ¦ the
pavilion as early as possible to-morrow
afternoon. The doors will be- opened at
1:15 p. m., and the service will begin
promptly at 2 o'clock. As soon astlcket
holders are seated the police will allow
2000 people to occupy standing room.
Rev. Drs. Oampett and ¦ Hemphlll have
arranged the details of tho service, which
will probably last til 5 o'clock. The com
mittee requests that ticket-holders will
observe the Instructions accompanying
the invitations, eo that there will be no
confusion at the various doors.
A requiem mass, "Anglican.", for the
repose of the soul of the late Queen, will
be sung this morning at the Church of
th© Advent, Market and Eleventh streets.
Rev. Herbert Parrlsh officiating.
Services for Late Queen.
Large Crowds Expected at Funeral
PAVILION IS TOO SMALL.
CBEEK INDIAN TEOTJBLE
1W A rPTTB.T A T.T/V SUBSIDES
Colonel Commanding Militia Reports
No Further . Cause for
Alarm. .
-GUTHRIE, O. T., Jan. 31.-Colonel Hoff
man, commanding the First Regiment,
Oklahoma National Guard, made a per
sonal Investigation of the Indian troubles
and reports as follows:
Armed parties of Creeks have been In
th© vicinity of our lines. A hostile party
was at Little Axe's ranch, a few miles
from the line, near Arlington, on Thurs
day. Their operations, however, are di
rected entirely against members of their
own tribe or, white persons who have been
mixed up in their controversies. The
alarm of our people has been by no means
without foundation, since any one ac
quainted with the character of the Creek
Indian and his ancestry— being an admix
ture of Indian, negro and Mexican blood
knows that when nls nature is aroused to
a fighting pitch any on* In th© proximity
is in dancer.
The United States Marshal and his dep-'
utles and the Government by Its prompt
action in sending troops to the scene of
hostilities seem to have the matter well
In hand, and I anticipate no further alarm
on the part of our people or present need
for the militia.
TWO MEN KILLED BY
EXPLOSION IN A MINE
Several Persons More or Less Se
verely and th.« Inspec
•".:¦ tor Summoned.
TACOMA, Jan. 31.— Information has
been received here , of ' an explosion in
mine No. 7 at Franklin,^ where two men
were killed and "several persons injured.
State Mine Inspector Owen was sum
moned and left for the scene to-night.
• . . , . ¦
TWO MEN" FATATJLY
TUTORED BY EXPLOSION
Keg of Dynamite Explodes at the
Fternwood : Mine Causing Ter
rible Injuries.?
WILKBSBARP.E, Jan. 3L— A small keg
of dynamite used:.'. for blasting: purposes
exploded this morning ; In the Fernwood
mine et Pittaton, owned by th© Erie Rail
road Company. Joseph Santlno •, had in
arm blown off and an eye destroyed. , An
thony Bantlno sustained a fractured skull.
Both men will probably die.
The Czarowltch and other distinguished
persons are now crossing the channel to
Knglajid and will complete the list of for
eign guests.
Following Is the list of royal mourners
ivith those deputed to attend them durW
their sojourn in England : Tho Duke of
Aosta. Major General Slade; Archduke
Ferdinand of Austria. Major General Sir
A. Ellis; Prince Arnulf of Bavaria, Colonel
Wardrop: the King of the Belgians, Earl
Howe and Colonel D. Brown; Grand Duke
Frederick of Baden, Hon. E. Stoner; the
Regent of Coburg; Prince Philip of Co
burg; th« Crown Prince of Denmark
Colonel Sir I. Kingscote; Prince Ibrahim
of Egypt, Colonel Douglas Dawson; the
French mission; King Oeorge of Greece,
the Earl of Gosford: the Prince of Hohen
zollern. Lieutenant Colonel A. Collins: tbe
Grand Duke of Hesse, Lord W. G. Cecil;
Prince Frederick Charles of Hesse;
Prince von Hohenlohe-Langenbourg; Duke
Adolphus Frederick of Mecklenburg-Stre
lltz; the Netherlands mission. Colonel -A.
Court; Prince Henry of Prussia. Admiral
Sir John E. Commerell; -King Charles of
Portugal, the Earl of Denbigh and Colonel
J. Clark; the Crown Prince of Roumanla.
H. Weest: Prince Henry of Reuss: the
•Czarowitch. Lord Summerfleld; the Duke
of Sparta, Captain Hon. S. Fortescue; the
Prince of Saxe-Melnlngen, Hon. J. Wolfe;
Prince John of Saxony, Captain W. P. ;
Campbell; the Prince of Saxe-Altenbourg,
Hon. A- Fltzclarence; the Duke of Schles
wlg-Holsteln; the Crown Prince of Slam;
the Crown Prince of Sweden and Norway,
Colonel Brocklehorst; the Prince and
Princess of Schaumburg-Llppe. Hon. A.
Gavelle; the Turkish Minister, Major Bar-
Tbe naval display will be less striking
than on the occasion of the Diamond Jubi
lee. It had been expected that more for
eign men-of-war would be present More
over, several vessels of the Channel
squadron are now detained for repairs at
their base port. Yet the spectacle will be
extremely majestic. The Spanish war
ship Emperador Carlos V. which was or
dered to Portsmouth, has been obliged to
return to Ferrol, her engines being dis
abled.
The managers of the London afternoon
papers have decided unanimously to sus
pend publication to-morrow (Saturday),
so that those who are not able to witness
the funeral scenes will have to watt until
Sunday for the descriptions. Such a sus
pension, except on Good Friday, is almost
without precedent. It will serve to em
phasize the solemnity of a great occasion.
The Dally Mail this mornlns recalls that
on the occasion of the funeral of Queen
Elizabeth no foreigner followed the bier,
with th® exception of the French Embas
sador. and it adds that "now all Europe
wm accompany the bier of the mother of
sovereigns."
The King, has ordered that the came
men who will carry the coffin to-morrow
in the procession shall bear It to the
mausoleum at Frogmore Monday.
LONDON, Feb. 1. — To-morrow will be a
day of complete national mourning not
only in London but throughout the prov
inces and the colonies. There will be a
general closing of shops and a suspension
of business, as well as tho holding of me
morial services. The directors of the
Northeastern Railway system of England
have ordered that at 2:30 p. m. to-mor
row, the hour appointed for the funeral
at Windsor, all trains shall be brought to
a standstill and every servant of tho com
pany Ehall remain motionless for ten
minutes..
Marked Tributes of Respect to the
Queen's Memory.
AXL TRAINS WILL STOP.
in Europe, hold night drawing-rooms, In
stead of the somewhat dreary afternoon
functions of the past quarter of a cen
tury, and provide refreshments. Instead
of leaving the guests to cat sandwiches
In their carriages under the eyes of the
crowd. Those who have been presented
to Queen Victoria- will be entitled to at
tend King Edward's drawing-rooms, after
submitting their names to the Lord Cham
berlain.
It Is hoped the King will revive the cus
tom of the monarch visiting the castles
of the nobility, and also renew the hold
ing of drawing-rooms at Holyrood Palace.
"Whether he will adopt the prerogative of
kissing the cheeks of the ladies ure-
Bented, followed by the Viceroys of India
and Ireland, Is one of the toplc3 of society
gossip. :';
BERLIN, Jan. 31.— The Cabinet has de
creed that the First Dragoon Guard Regi
ment will henceforth be named the Queen
Victoria of Great Britain and Ireland
Regiment.
Dragoon Guard Named Victoria.
COT7ES, Jan. 31.— Prince Henry of
Prussia and hla staff landed here at noon
to-day. After an Inspection of the guard
of honor the Prince proceeded to Osborne
House. The squadron of. German war
ships commanded by Prince Henry of
Prussia, comprising the flagship Baden
and the cruisers Victoria Lulse, Hagen
and Nymph, reached Splthead this morn
ing.
Arrival of Prince Henry.
It was an attack of German measles
that first broke down I>ord Rosebery'a
Health, producing Insomnia, from which
he has never completely- recovered and to
allay which he keeps constantly seeking
a change of air.
NEW TORK. Jan. 31.— A dispatch to
the World from London says: Consider
able alarm was occasioned by to-night's
bulletin concerning the Duke of Corn
wail and York. The Duke's constitution
Is none too robust at the best, and an at
tack of this description Is severe even
on the strongest adult. Complications aro
feared, and Sir William Broadbent a
great fever specialist, is expected at Os
borne.
and York Causes Uneasiness.
Condition of the Duke of Cornwall
nardl-Stone: the Prince of Wurtemburr
Captain M. Drummond. S|
In the Windsor ceremony few beyond
the immediate members of the family will
pee much after tlw procession haa en-
V; r ? d 1 st - Ge orge*s Chapel, which will ba
divided hy a carved f-creen, back of which
the services will be conducted, invisible
to most of the non-royal invited guests on
the other side. Wreaths have been ar
riving so unceasingly that It was found
necessary yesterday nfternoon to exclude
visitors from the dean's cloisters, where
the wreaths are being displayed, as the
Increasing flow of visitors Interfered with
the work of unpacking and arranging the
tributes.
Lady Henry Somerset sent a beautiful
wreath bearing the Inscription: "In be
half of half a million temperance women."
The Dominion of Canada sent an enor
mous wreath of camellias and lilies of
the valley, with eight hoops signifying
It appears that after her death Queen
\ ictoria was arrayed in her royal robes
with all her foreign orders and decora
tions. Over these and across her breast
was laid the ribbon and Order of the
Garter. Her bridal veil was then placed
over her head and face. *"*tcu
• »
ALARM FOE, Tram APPAEENT.
CAPE TOWN, Jan. 31.-The Commis
sioner at Kroonstad reports that Andries
"Wessels, one of the peace envoys, was
phot at Kllpfontein on January 23, by
order of General Dewet. •
Lord Kitchener reported from Pretoria
January 13 that three agents of the Boer
Peace Commission were taken aa prison
ers to General Dewet's laager, near
L.indley,on January 10, and that one, who
was a British subject, was Hogged and
then shot. The other two, burghers, were
Hogged by General Dewet's orders.
The identity of Andries Wessels. report
ed to have been shot by General Dewet
at Klipfontein on January 23, cannot be
definitely established, but Lord Roberts
on July 4 last reported that General Me
thuen had captured the commander of De
wet's scouts, two other prisoners and,
according to the cable, Andries Wessels,
the head of the Afrikander Bund.
JOHANNESBURG. Jan. 31.-Four or
five hiidred Boers who recently: evaded
the British patrols reached Bencni and
attempted to destroy the -mines. Somo
fighting resulted and the Boers were
beaten off, carrying most of their wound
ed with them. One Briton was wounded.
Commandant Marais was wounded during
the attack, and was subsequently cap
tured.
LONDON. Feb. 1.— "General Dewet's
forces consist of 1600 men and two guns,"
says the Cape Town correspondent of the
Daily Mall. "It Is unofficially confirmed
that he has entered Cape Colony, but
definite news Is impatiently awaited."
"It is understood here," says the Dur
ban correspondent of the Standard, "that
operations in the field will soon be re
vived on a largre scale, and the policy of
hunting out and capturing the Boers with
mounted troops will be pursued."
The Daily News thl3 morning editorially
urges that an endeavor shouKi oe made
to utilize the presence In England or
numerous sovereigns In representatives or
European States on the occasion when the
world is mourning the death of a peace
loving: Queen, to secure (he cessation ot
the "unhappy war In South Africa,"
COMMISSIONER
WESSELS SHOT
Reported Execution of the
Boer Official by
Dewet.
ure "Will Not Bo Brought
to a Vote During This
Session.
*
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— The Demo
cratic Senators and their co-workera In
the Senate who are opposed to the ship
subsidy bill did not hold a formal con
ference to-day to decide upon & course
to be pursued . with reference to that
measure, as had been announced they
would do. The explanation was made
that it had been discovered that the op
position was so determined as to render
a special meeting unnecessary*. While
there was no caucus, however, there waa
a general exchange of views of the mi
nority Senators, which enabled the lead
ers to form a quite definite opinion at the
close of the day of the position of the op
position as a whole. The decision
reached Is to continue the debate upon
the bill at the present, with the hope of
being able to keep It going until it will
become necessary for the Republican ma
jority to take up; the appropriation- bills
and other measures which should pass be
fore the 4th of March. They say that they
have speeches assured for eiKht or ten
days, and there ape'probably other Seno
tors who will prepare speeches within
that 'time. Among those who will talk
are Senators Daniel, Caffery, Berry,
Kenny, Allen. Money, Lindsay, Butler
and Pettlgrew. Senators Clay and Tur
ner also will make : speeches in addition
to those they have already delivered on
this question. It Is expected that Sena
tor Caffery will talk at least two days.
The opposition also count upon speeches
Irom the Republican side of the cham
ber, Senators Allison, Perkins, Spooner
and McCumber being Included In the list
of probable speaker?.
The' canvass of the situation has con
vinced the Democratic leaders that there
are half a dozen or more Republican.Sen
ators v.'ho would like to see the bill de
feated even in its amended form, but they
do not expect to cast their votes against
the bill if it should come to a vote. On
the other hand, they count upon the loss
of some of their own membership in sup
port of the bill.
The Democrats contend that they do
not want to filibuster against the bill, but
say they will insist upon Its thorough dis
cussion before consenting: to vote upon It.
They take the position that If there is
to be an extra session of Congress it will
be better for them to have the subsidy
matter among the questions to be con
sidered by It. and say they are willing to
take, the responsibility of the defeat by
legitimate means of this proposed legis
lation.
Democratic Senators Agret
to Consume Time by
Making Speeches.
• -#-:
Hope That by Such Tactics the Meas-
PLAN TO DELAY
SUBSIDY BILL
CENTRAL PACIFIC
LOSES MONOPOLY
No Longer to Be the Only
Line to Transport the
.. * Troops.
In Future Bids WU1 Be Asked For
By the Goverament and th.»
Lowest Bidder Will Ctet
the Contract.
it seems clear to me that the practice
or treating transportation over the bor.d-
Kld*d roads as if it cost the Government
nothing oupht not to be continued. On
the other hand ther<s is undoubtedly some
advantage to the Government In keeping
so large a creditor as the Central Pacific
la a solvent condition and helping it pay
its debts to the Government."
Mr. Gape replied that he considered the
oebt of the Contra! Pacific well secured
f.nd he paw no reason why the War De
partment should not award the contracts
for freight, etc.. to lines in competition
with that road. The Central Paciflc now
owes the Government $44,000,050.
SPECTACULAR FIRE
IN NEW YORK
Secretary Roofs action In .permitting
the Central Pacific to enjoy this privilege
a I°^ from the discover?" by the Secretary
«r v\ ar of a circular requiring the use of
bond-aJded roads 1n the transportation of
Government supplies. This discovery oc
curred after the department had entered
lrto a. contract with the Santa Fe Rail
road. Wuich It became necessary to re
voke. Paul Morton, vice president of the
Panta Fe. had a stormy interview with
>»«cretary Root upon the revocation of
The contract nnd Mr. Tloot. under date of
January IS. wrote a letter to the Secre
tary of the Treasury asking for his views
regarding the use of bond-aided railroads
in which he said:
CALL. BUREAU. l<06 O STREET. N
"W WASHT.VGTON. Jan. 31— Several
milMems of dollars have been placed to
t.-e credit of the Central Padflc Railroad
«» tbe result of tho action of the War
department in riving control of all army
transportation from OgtJen to San Fran
cisco without competition. This monopoly
has been brought to tn end by tho de
cision of Secretary Root upon the requisi
tion of Quartermaster General Ludington
ar.d the Secretary of the Treasury. Here
after aH transcontinental railroads will be
allowed to enter mto competition.
The monopoly that was enjoyed by the
Central Pacific was recognized and fos
tered by the War Department notwith
standing vigorous objections made by
competing railroads, which pointed out
their wiliinjrness to transport the Gov
ernment troops and supplies at a lower
rate.
Bpec!»J JXepatch to The C*1L
Building Wr«cked by Explo
sion and Twenty People
Are Injured. :
Tke VTlcke building was burned to the
ground. The wallt fell one by one. and
there remains standing only the blr
chimney In the south walL The building
In the rear, extending into Thirty-second
etreet. was also gutted and the Interior
burned. It was occupied on the top floor
by th« YJ C H* Company, on th% fourth
Boor by the Innovation Trunk Compani
on the second and third floors bv the J M
Colt Company, manufacturers of eas
tanks, ar.£ on the first floor by Miller
Dulml &Peters. manufacturers of cigar
molds. The Jacobson Iron Works, on the
south side cf Thlrty-flrst street, also suf
fered considerable damage.
Swift's lumber yard in the rear of the
Wicks building and extending to the
rlv*>r front was also damnped. Th» table
factory of Theodore Bayer was damacwi
to a sflght extent, and the sash, door and
blind factory of Prince & Carl eufTered a
heavy loss.
The police tunned their attention to the
r«!jrhborin(? tenements. At 646 East Thir
ty-first atreet was a five-story building,
occupied by twenty-two families of Ital
ians and Germans. All were taken out
Fafely. Then the police emptied the tene
ment en the west corner of First avenue
and Thirty-first street. Both these tene
ment buildings and a third were de
et rove/3.
Chief Croker soon arrived and sent In
a fifth alarm. A minute later he sent In
an alarm known as "two nines." The
final call brought all the engines, hook
end-ladder companies, tenders and water
lowers and search-lights between Leon
ard street on the south and Eighty-fifth
street on the north, flfty-four In all.
The explosions this afternoon tock place
in the "shaving: tower" and wrecked the
tower and demolished the roof of the
'¦njrine house. The force of the explosion,
which was probably due to gas. was tre
mendous. The disintegrated brick work
fell on the engine house, crushing It. and
the concussion of the explosion cracked
the bis- smokestack — 100 feet high— that
towered over the engine, room.
Nearly S00 persons were at work In the
factory at the time- of the explosion.
Three hundred and fifty of them were
¦women. A panio ensued, but only two
Persons were seriously Injured— Joseph
Speldlcr, a lircman, and Emil Barschet. a
Kcam fitter.
The loss caused by the explosion
amounted to several thousand dollars.
At ihe time the fire started Superintend
ent Dooner of the building department
and a contractor were at work with thirty
meo attempting to pull down the shaving
tower adjacent to the boiler-room in
¦which the explosion in the afternoon took
place. The remains of the tower fell into
the boiler-room and on top of adjacent
rooms. In which were stored chemicals
for seasoning wood, thua causing a. sec
ond explosion. Smoldering embers from
the late fire added to this, and In a mo
ment there was a huge blaze. Four
alarms were turned }n within fifteen
minutes.
The burnefl area in general extent took
in about one city block. The "Wlcke Com
pany's building, the building abutting It
Irorn Thirty-first street, and several tene
ment houses were amonjj the destroyed
buildings. Several lumber yards In the
vicinity were considerably damaged. The
f.re was witnessed by Immense crowd?,
und it Is said was the most spectacular
one N«»w York has ever witnessed, ligrht-
Jnp the whole borough.
The occupants of a number of tenements
threatened by the fire were assisted out
by policemen and firemen. The fire
abounded in thrilllns incidents, but only
a f<?w persons were Injured, none serl
oarty.
XETV YORK. Jan. 31.— An explosion this
afternoon in the cigar box. label and rib
bon factory of the A. I*. Wlcke Company
in Thirty-first street, by which over
ixcmxitr person* were Injured, was followed
Bt 7 o'clock to-nig-ht by one of the fiercest
<-onTasra.tlons Xew York has witnessed In
many years, causing an estimated loss of
Ji.500.rx».
ATTEMPT TO EXTORT
MONEY BY BLACKMAIL
Arrest of Four Persons .. Implicated in a
Scheme to Fleece Howard Douglass.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FEIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 19O1.
3
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I Ours is the only union-made, ready-to-wear
clothing on the Pacific Coast. We have our
clothing made by- union labor so as to secure
the best of workmanship; and while we appre-
ciate the trade of many interested in the differ-
ent labor councils, we want to say to the public
at large that they should wear union-made
clothing because of its excellence.
Our most popular union-made ready-to-wear clothing sells at
The clothing comprises suits and overcoats. in all the weaves of the season
as well as many exclusive designs brought out by ourselves. Every, garment
bears a
"Yearg'ood" label
This label affords you protection in addition to the«union label. •
The ten-dollar suits are heavy check worsteds, oxford gray cheviots,
fast-color navy blue serges and fancy tweeds— all in good*wintep-webht*mate-
rials in the swellest of patterns, S °
The ten-dollar overcoats are heavy oxford gray cheviots in different
shades, with velvet collars, blue kerseys and cheviots in 'good webhts t all \vel!
lined and made up in a first-class manner.
The twelve-and-a-half-dollar suits comprise the latest shades in
woolen stripes and invisible plaids, indigo blue cheviots and.black^nd-blue'Clav
worsteds, all new patterns just brought out this season.
The twelve-and-a-half dollar overcoats are box tan^cov^rts in several
stylish shades, kerseys and other suitable overcoat materials,. each^well -tailored
in the stylish cuts of the season. ;..'- '
We have the largest youths', boys' and children's r "z p+jiJ
department west of Chicago, filled with medium and
fine clothes, but not enough people know about it. Now, /?S01^^^G?«%k.
to induce you and your friends to call, we announce an M^M^^^fk
advance line of boys' suits for the spring of 1901 which Mfa T^^S^m%Mn
will be sold for ¦ * jlW^W ll '* U
The suits are worth £8.00. We are willing to dem- ||f |pl^ii?^Sij§/
onstrate this by a guarantee. Pants have double seat «^^lW^^;
and knees, coat well made with strong linings and trim-" lliffiffll'wwi
mings, pockets well stayed, buttons sewed on to stay, Vjffi iiiSSg
all-wool material, ages seven to fifteen years ; the entire xl^MsSSSKr
suit made withTan idea for economy and durability. \slliia
New line of boys' sweaters $1.00-each. rallS!
Boys' hats, popular shades'; Fedoras, 90c; Derbys, JjWS
Oui-of-town ordars filled— write us for whatever you want in 8&sf
clothes, hats or furnishings for men or boys. \2&
718 Market Street."TIM" HEGARTT, A FAMOUS LITTLE PUGILIST OF AUSTRALIA TVHO
WILL PROBABLY BE MATCHED TO BATTLE WITH THE BROOK
LYN WHIRLWIND IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Margaret J. NewhalFs Estate.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the rlate " Margaret ¦ J. Newhall
was filed yesterday. Frank: D. Macbeth,
W. I. Day and N. A. Harris, appraisers
of the estate find the same to be worth
J3C4.C54. The largest Hems are: Cash. $59.
780: 2704 shares In' the Newhall Land and
Farming Company, $10,224: lot on the
southwest corner of Sansome and Hal
leck streets, valued at Ib7,000; lot on Post
S 1 !^ 1 near Van avenue, valued at
$12,000 and a block of ' land bounded by
Fourth, Fifth. Channel and Berry
streets, valued at $200,000
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Charlotte Homer from Frank Hom
er for desertion, Matilda Munro from
James Munro for desertion, Mary Goodwin
from Francis \VY Goodwin for willful neg
lect, Alfred H. Day from Margaret F. Day
for intemperance and Grace E. Forsythe
from James A. Forsythe for desertion.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Hortensia Larson against Charles Lar
son for failure to provide and Marguerite
Howe against James T. Howe for cruelty.
PAPEBHANGEBS AT ODDS;
GERMAN UNION UNDER BAN"
Walking Belegate of Building Trades
Council Threatens a Strike Order
" Against Contractor Hartman.
An edict by Harry Saunders, walking
delegate of the Building Trades Council,
threatened to impede work being done by
the paperhangers employed by George
Hartman on a building at 10 California
street yesterday. Hartman and nineteen
of his employes were busy completing the
job when Saunders arrived on the scene
and demanded that the contractor forth
with' discharge Richard Euchaurk and
George Frank . Suerwein, both members
of San Francisco Union No. 136 of the
Painters, Decorators and Paperhangers.
Saunders declared that his order would
have to be complied with by 1 o'clock or
he would order out the men at work who
belong to the Building Trades Council.
The two men whose employment by,
Hartman waa responsible for the contro
versy are Germans, and their union Is un
officially called the German union. It re
cently got a State 'charter, and its mem-
Bers have worked on numerous jobs In
peace with the rival organization until the
trouble arose yesterday, Hartman stated
that he had nothing to do with any differ
ences between the two organizations and
paid all. of his men the union- rate of $3 50
per day. He said, however, that if the
Building Trades' delegate insisted on the
discharge of the objectionable workmen
he would lay them off under protest. At
4 o'clock Sunders had not appeared at the
building to order the strike, and the work
was completed last night. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 3l.-More wreck
agre, other than that , reported yesterday,
has been found at the north end of Van
couver Island. It Includes a boat, part
of tne deckhouse of a sailing vessel, a
quantity of gingerbread work, some I of
which is painted blue, some Tarnished and
with brass fittings, evidently part of the
interior fittings of some craft; the chest
of a seaman and the front of the chest
of another sailor, which was of mahog
any and brass bound: some new barrels
with galvanized hoops, a lapstreak boat
two rudders and the mast of a whaleboat!
. Thestf things, together with sawn lum
ber and rough boards, said to be sufficient
to make cargoes for two ships, have been
found by Indians at Winter ¦Harbor thS
entrance to Quatsino. In. the sailor's
box which came ashore waa needle and
thread and some paper with writing- D re
sumably a. letter. Unfortunately the In
dians were unable to dry this stuff suf
ficiently, to preserve the writing, or this
might have proved from what vessel the
wreckage came. There was nothing on
any of the wreckage to Identify It
.w U A s believed by many that it is from
.the Andrada, although other than the
piece of teak found with' the name of this
vessel cut In it nothing has been found to
prove this, and the authenticity of the
name on the teak board does not seem to
be clearly established, for a telegram re
ceived from. Lighthouse Keeper Daykin
says that the name seems to have been
cut with a knife. The salmon found adds
to the fears for the. Ardnamurchan. La
bels found at Astoria have been received
by the Vancouver packing company, and
they assert that these labels were part of
the -cargo of the Ardnamurchan.
Fears Entertained for the
Safety of Two Big Sail
ing Ships.
Second race— Contestant, Snooze, Prestene. '
Third race — George Dewey, Lucera LIbble
Elkins.
Fourth race— Edna Brown, Maresa, Bavasea,
Fifth race— Jerld, Nullah. Gllesando.
Sixth race — Bernota, Andrattus, Compass. .
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 31.— Results:
One mile, selling— Scorpoletto won, Harry
Preston second. Lamina third. Time, 1:43.
Hix. and one-half furlongs, selling— Reg'ea
won. Quarterback second, Belle of Elgin third.
Time, .1:23^.
Mile and three-eighths, selling— Greyforga
won. Barilla second, Pat Garrett third. Time
2:21H-
Mile and seventy yards, handicap— Hood's
Brigade won, Lady Callahan second. General
Mart Gary third. Time, 1:45^.
Six furlongs, selling— Harry Duke won. Iris
second. Fourleaf C third. Time 1:16U
One mile— Rushflelds won, Joe Collins sec
ond, Cogswell third. Time, 1:42>4.
MORE WRECKAGE
FOUND 0N SHORE
Fourth race— One mile; three-year-old fillies;
Spinster stakes.
17» Edna Brown. ..110; 1730 Bavassa 110
1706 Maresa 110 (1715) Bab 110
1731 Loneliness 110 1
Fifth race— Five and a half furlongs; 'four
year-olds and upward; selling.
I6€S Nullah 94 1TS1 Osmond 100
1713 Diomed 1(5 155S Alaryo Garter.. 1C0
«f.62)Kitty Kelly ...100 (117S)Lou Cleivden... 94
1C71 Gllssando 108 1690 Foul Play 100
1«'iO GuBsie Fay 97 .16:<9 Jerld 106
16G1 Beautiful Bill. .102 1666 Little Mlnch Jr.100
Sixth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling. . '
Commflsr 104 1C59 Flatterer 104
1698 Bernota 104' 1730 Cora Goetz 103
1730 William Ack... 99 1730 Gold Badge 99
1714 Andrattus 101 1720 El Toplo 99
173) Compass 100 1730 Courtier 104
' .... La Calma «i 1720 Oscar Tolle .... 89
Probable Winners.
,
First race—Hilary, Abbylelx L, Morin'ga
City Destroyed by
Flames.
COATES OPERA
HOUSE BURNED
Leading Theater of Kansas
" ' ?
KANSAS CITT, Mo.. Jan. 3L— Fire late
to-night destroyed Jhe Coates Opera
house, the principal theater of Kansas
City.' situated at Tenth street and Broad
way and occupying a detached building.
Walker "Whiteside and his company were
playing "Heart and Sword" and had Just
concluded the evening performance when
some of. the actors discovered, that the
building wan on fire. The flames enveloped
the whole rear part of the theater in a
few moments. > •
The company lost their wardrobes and
scenery, being obliged to flee from their
dressing-rooms. The Bremen were help
less to check the flames and directed their
chief attention to the Coates Hotel, diag
onally across the street and the Iarge3t
hotel in the city. The wind blew great
Bhowera of. cinders upon the hotel, the
guests were notified of their dancer and
some left the house, but it was not dam
aged. >
At 10:50 o'clock the theater block was a
total wreck, but still Mazing. No one waa
Injured. The audler.ee had left the thea
ter but five' minutes when the fire was
discovered. The building was valued at
between $125,900 and {150.000 and was In
sured for much less.. It was one of tha
oldest and best known theaters In the
"West. r>'-'irf
TANFOItAN PARK, THUItSDAT,' JANUARY 3L -Weather fine. Track fast.
1732. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three- year-olds; puree, $350. * -^
I -- - Bettlns »
I Index lltorse and WeiKht.jPstlSt %. %. Etr. Fin. Jockey*. | Op. HI. ,C1. PI.
1708 Alzura 117 7 3 12 14 ... 13 N\ Turner.. 5-12-9 8
1«M> Ravelins J22 12 4 3 1 5 4 ... 2 2 T. Burns.... 3 6 14-5 1
lfcSS Aplirodls .117 25 6^62 ... 3h O'Connor ... " 5 ' 20 20 8
l r ,59 |Kathgar 112 89 72 33 ... 44 Bullman ... 3 7 6 3
14C3 iFondo 112 10 11 10 10 ... 5 1 Henry 4 9-2 11-5 4-5
| 1T01 jCantlnUB 115 4 10 8% 9 2 ../ 6 1 Coburn 15 100 50 20
3TC8 Argot 117 11 14 12 12 ... 7 1 Buchanan .. 8 25 20 8
.1655 Mamie Hildreth..U0 11 5 14 11 ... 8 14 Burlinearne SO 50 30 12
1720 ,1'hil Archibald... 122 6 8 9 1 7 }4 ... 9 1 Frawley ... 8 15 15 5
1724 ;<"erro Santa 112 5 7 4 1 8 1 ... 10 1 Alexander .. 20 100 75 20
16«I .Introductor 115 9 6 11 1 5 1 ... 114 Mounce 10 40 30 12
1C57 JGaylon Brown... .119 .3 2 2 2 4 1 ¦... 12 ' Jenklna .... 8 20 15 6
[ T!me— U. :23H; J i. :47H; *%, 1:14%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, Legg
& Ryan's b. f. by Kniperor of Norfolk-Jllss Baldwin. Alzura had the most 6peed and Tur
ner kept her going. Rathgar a slow beginner. Fondo away badly and no chance. Can
tlncs improving.
1733. HECOXP KACE— Seven furlongs; four-^ear-olds and up; purse, $tCO.
j PoTj P \ r Betting . -i
Index Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. K. H. Str.- Fin. [ Jockeys. | Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1288 (FavonJus. 5 117 6 ~K 2 l\i 2 i 2 1 11^ Henry 2 11-5 9-5 . 1-2
1.1714 True Blue, a 114 2 3 34 34 3 10 2^. O'Connor .-.. 3 4 16-5 7-10
Kll Montanic. 4 11H 4 1 In 11 1 H 3 15 Buchanan „ 6-5 8-5 6-5 1-2
I 1C75 Broadbrim, 5 117 12 5 42 4 15 4 15 Coburn 10 13 12 .2;
1 UCl Ahb >' lelx l>. <•'•• 99 3 5 4 h G 5 5 Stuart 30 3C0 200 40
I Time— Vi, :24Vi: >4. :<S; %. l:0OVi; %. 1:26. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
j 8. C. Hlldreth's.br. h. by Klnglike-Favonla. Montanic under wraps to the stretch. When
cellared by Favonius he "barked." True Blue saw the signal tires burning and came
backtocanTf^ .Scratched— J. Doherty 101. ¦
1734. THIRD RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse. t3S0.
|Po. ~ : ,¦ Betting \
Index HorM.Age. Weight. |Pst St. %. H. Btr. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
(1719) Handicapper, 4.. .113 10 6 ' tl >H $1 In JO'Connor ... 6-5 7-5 7-5 S-G
1712 Montollade. a.. ..104 64 2H42 61 21 Mounce 4 4. 14-5 1
l«90 The Singer, 4 100 4 3 3 1 5»4 4h 31 Buchanan .. 8 15 12 5
1701 Espirando. 6. 104 2 2 4H22 11 4 1% Dominick 8 10 9 3
ITOt! Hohenlohe, 6 107 78 85 62 C3 54 Henry 5 10 8 > 3
16&2 jAlarla, 5 99| 87 6h 71 72 GU Fauntleroy 20 20 12 B
1707 jGusto. 4 101 9 5 lh lh . ! S 71 Ransch 15 30 30 10
17C8 Maxello. 6 1C2 11 7h 81 9 84 See 30 60 50 20
1595 jMelkarth, 6 104 5 9 9 9 819 Coburn 30 E0 60 20
1043 IMaydlne. 4 96j 3 Left J. T. Woods 15 30 30 10
; Hme— 'i. :13: *i. :24«i; >*. :4Sttf %, 1:28. Good start except Maydlne. Won first three
j driving-. Winner, W. Shields' b. g. by Strathmore-Zuhlan. Montallade would have won
had not Mounce waited with him. The Slntrer ran a smashing good race after being
bac!!y cut oft on backnretch. Too far for Esplrando. Alaria, Hohenlohe and Maxello cut
j off at start. Scratched— Halvado 104.
17:t5. FOURTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
I fPo^ " , .Betting v
Index [Horse. Age. Weight. | Pst Bt. ft H- Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. . PI.
1713 <"has. L* Bel. €..107 5 6 2h 11 !'j In J. Woods... 4 10 \ 8
1--.63 jFidel Youlin, 4... 99 6 7 3 1 «<i 11 2 1 L>ominick 10 20 20 S
1CS7 [Billy Moore. 4. ..101 2 I lh 5H 61-81 Burllngame 5 10 8 3
1723 jMtadow Lark, a. 106 ~ 9 12 10 2 7H 41 4h Henry 4 5 5 2
1«79 jSisquoc. 4 96 7 5 o>4 3h 7 V£ 5 2 R. Murphy.. 20 30 30 8
1723 ilnvlctus, 3 10O 11 8 6 >i 2 1 8 2 6 1 Buchanan .. 12 20 ir, 8
:67S Casdale, 5..., 1C« 1 9 It 10 2 9 71 J. Miller.... 7 7 7 2
1706 (Necklaw. a 107 4|2 82 6>4 21 82 Jenkins 11-5 3" 3 1
17U1 |Barney F. 4 9C 3 j 4 41 8h G>£93 Stuart 15 30 SO Id
loGl iTlng-a-Ling, 4. ...100 IS 10 9 1 11 lo 10 2 Cob-#n 8 10 10 4
U-S6 Mary Klnsella. 6.104 8 | 1 7 1 9 1 11 It 5 T. Burns.... 6 8 7 ' 3
14S5 I Jim McCleevy. 5.109 10 |U 11 1 12 VI \t Mounce 7 10 9-2 . 2
Time — U. :I5%: a i. *i. 1:16; mile, 1:43. Gc-od start. Won first three driving. Winner
J. D. Fltzr.erald's b. g. by St. Carlo-Imp. Mfiden Belle. Le Bel fortunate in getting
through on rail. Moore cut oft on. far turn, otherwise would have won. Casdale and Lark
beaten to the turn.
173U. FIFTH RACE— Mil* und seventy yards; gelling; four-yea r-olda and up; purse. $400.
! [Po.\ ¦ Br*ilnc
Index ; Horse. Age, Weight. iPst St. %. >£. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.'
m9 iCastake, 6 107| 4 2 21 35 2 5 In Dominick .. fi 8 8^ EWJ
K*9 AFtor. 6 107) 73 14 14 11 24 T. Burns.... 5-8 14-5 13-5 4-5
1725 lArtllla, 4 105 67 54 41 44 31 Mounce .... 6« 7 7 alS
1719 j Scotch Plaid. 6.. .107 11- 3 1% 2n 82 46 Jenkins .... 1 1 1 7.9ft
1701 IKickumbob. 4 107 26 7 7 65 51 IStuart 20 100 60 *0
17O« • jFlotablrd. 4 lid 5 4 6n 6S 51 6 10 IBullman ... 8 15 1' 4
1708 ! Monrovia, a Iu7 3 5 4^52 7 7 IS. Ross 15 60 GO 15
Time— 70 yards. :O4»4; >i. :24'i; H, :49; *i. l:14»i: mile, 1:42; lm 70yds. l:40V4- Good start
first three driving. Winner, W. L. Stanfield's b. p. by Ap»che-Llna. Castake out
lasted Aftor. Plaid ran a poor rare. Light weight and a shorter route suits Artilla
Scratched— Lady Meddlesome 10:., WallenMeln 107. McN'amara 107. .
1737. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; Eell'ngr; three-year-olils and up; purse, $350. • j
Po.j I ; Petting
Index Horse, Age, Weight. Pst St. >i. %. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. Op. HJ. CL 1>1.
OTO) iOood Hope. 5... ..103 4 6 8 62 41 lh 'jO'Connor ... 1<) -^ M k
1719 ;Tcrsina, a 107 .3 1 5h 4 h 2% 21 Mounce 6 7 6 2
.... Native. 4 U-4 84 31 21 11 31 Henry 1 11-5 ? 4 5
(1712) I>cll. Weithoff, 5.103 2 5 61 75 6 1. 4n Coburn 2 16-5 ' a"?
1719 Vohicer. 4 107 63 4h 51 5h 52 T. Burns.... 7 12 10 1
•1704 High Hoe. 6 106 5 7 2HS4 3H 62 Jenkins 10 25 20 6
1714 iSad Sam. 3 S7 72 lh lh 74 73 J. Daly 5 6 6 2
1712 iMooorito.- 6 1C3 1 S 7 H S S 8 Dominick .. 6 25 25 7
Time— Vi, :24; H. :«ii: %, 1:14>4. Good start. Won 11r?t three driving. V.'lnner Caesar
Young 1 * ch. m. by Colonel Clark-Gratitude. O'Connor on winner put up a rare good "fin
lsh. Torelna was good to-day. Native very core. He spoiled the chances of Sad Sam by
swerving In toward rait Dollie in poor racing luck. Vohicer outclassed. Scratched— Satan.
112. Eoundlee 102. Sybarls 105, Our Lizzie 103. M »atan.
to VERY doc has its day." 'tis said.
and bookmakers, two or three of
them. While Wednesday's cn-
gagemer.t at Tanforan was all in
favor of ih» talent. tue*bookrnak
rr» came back t-tronply reinforced yester
day and in some heavy eklrmishlng tho
speculative brigade retired with revere
loatn The fripld weather caused nearly
all of the summer suitings to be called in,
and ¦even! of the jockeys rode as if frost
bitten. With the t>xcept ion of Handicap
per. a 7 to 5 favorite, and Favonlus. a sec
ond' choice, outsiders grabbed all the loot.
One of feveral tirange happenings was
that of making Montanjc. carrying 111
pounds, favorite over Favonius for the
seven furlong run. The latter horse had
only II" In the saddle, but as he had not
been out in public for quite a time was
*uppo*e<i to be "short." and 2 lo 1 was
Jald about him. Aftor causing Dick
I>wyer no end of anxiety by his behavior
at the post, Monianic linally broke away
with the others, left foot nrst. Not the
least dlf-ccnceru-d. Buchanan soon had
him in front under a choking pull and
perched directly behind his mount's ears.
Once in steht of the wire Favonius col
lared the favorite, and he gTowled as the
l>cne was taken from him. Later on True
Blue, aroused from a lethargy of some
standing, came very strong, compelling
Henry to fhuke up Favonius again to win
by over a length in 1:26. Thus perished
one good thing; and there were others.
Not unlike the thoroughly enraptured
and impatient novel reader, several chap
ters might be temporarily skipped in or
der to reach the concluding' one, wherein
Native ligured fuch a factor. Sam Hil
<lreth's horsM? hau • been entered and
eeratehed once before, and in the closing
event was heralded as the real thing,
opening at even money. Then, stories of
his lameness became circulated, and as
the horses we:it to the post Dollie Weit
hoft> odds fell from 3 to 2 and the price
against Native went to the same figure.
Sad Bam for a time showc-d in the lead
until Native swerved in, closing him out.
With the latter horse groggy, Torslna
picked up th<» running and looked a win
ner, when O'Connor came with a rush "on
Good Hope, a 25 to 1 snot, winning by a
head. rX>Ule Weithoff met with poor rac
ing luck, finishing lourth.
Alzura. a lu and 12 to 1 shot, beat a
bunch of cheap onts in the opening sprint,
well ridden by Nash Turner. The mare
l«»d from th<» klckoff. reaching home three
lengths ahead of Kavallng. Fondo, the
favorite, received a poor send-off, never
being prominent.
Although the distance looked a trifle
short, Handicapper apparently had the
class over hi? company in the third race,
a seven furlong run. Seven to five was
the ptneral ring price, and O'Connor
brought the gelding In first, a neck in ad
vance of Mbmallade.' Bothered on the
back stretch. The Singer ran an excellent
race, taking the show.
What a motley gathering of cheap rac
ing material was dished up in the
mile run. decided under selling conditions:
By good saddle work Johnny Woods man
aged to get to the v.ire Hrsi with Charles
Is* Bel, a 10 to 1 *hot. which downed Fidel
Youlin a neck. Necklace, the favorite,
ran unplaced, the distance proving too
far.
Scotch Plaid disappointed a big follow
ing by running unplaced in the mile and
seventy yards "selling affair. The Burns
£ Watrrhouse horse closed an even
money chance, and at no stage of the
running looked a winner. Astor, with
Tommy Burns In the saddle, led to the
padd<^k. where Domir.ick on Castake got
up. scoring by a neck. The winner waa
• n 8 to 1 cruuxse In the ring.
Track Notes.
Eighteen books laid odd?. "Plunger"
JI oil amis v.as an absentee from the
block.
Wirmie O'Connor rode two winners.
Tommy Burns tv.ice finished on placed
horses.
Charley Ellison is temporarily on the
Sick list.
Jim MeClofvy, it was -whispered, had
worked a mile over lngleside track in
1:42 with a hire<1 man in ihe saddle.
Castake shewed considerable improve
ment and fcomf a hard one to guess.
Following are to-day's entries:
Firrt rac* — Five anl a half furlon^i; four
year-oias and upward: tilling.
171! Antloch 1W. 1C?O Morella 100
ICJ MacLaren 1*2 1S06 Mrs. C SJ
1701 I*-verraux •<!«; ]',«v GoMnnder «•€
772 Lfina M O Hilary P6
.,.. Edlnboruush ...1<«) ."*2 Vaseal 103
147* i:. r-.r f« 1U6; 1733 Abbrlelx Lf 94
ppcond rac*— Three furlongs; two-year-clds*
»<»'.lin?.
1T21 Lefcal Maxim.. .lor.' 1703 Lirty Bird 103
KC3 Prwtene 10r»' Victoria P 103
ZavaJa itoj 17O3 Contestant .103
.... Kmoky Mcke»...110 1721 O(?le 10«
1VC Legato ias: .... Vassala ........103
1T21 Snooze 10* i .... Kory Ough ....10S
Third rac<" — One mile; maiden three-year-olds ¦
pun*.
SSS B. Bnhrnanson..lC9 ITr; Cambacere* 102
ICtU Haralamb 101 i6Sg Llbbie Elklns..I31
17<B Lucera K .... Tristrain 112
1 T24 Fiorina 103 1TC2 El Kara S3
1715 OoMrn 103 1702 ./Under . "lOl
lfeg Triple Cross .•.US 17'j2 Geo. Dewey ... 99
POOL SELLERS
ARE ARRESTED
Sacramento Police Begin a
Crusade Against
Offenders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 31.-Warrantp
¦were sworn out to-day for the arrest of
lour poolsellers. Charles Lusk, Mike Mul
len. Henry Meyers and Fred Rohrer. Al
though there is a etrict ordinance against
poolrooms In this city and although the
claim has been made that the law was be
ing obeyed, the fact has long been known
that it _was constantly being violated
and that the sale of. pools to regular cus
tomers was going on to an extent almost
equal to the business transacted before
prohibitory measures were enacted. The
present coup appears to have been con
temporaneous with the Grand Jury In
vestigation growing out of charges in the
Be« as to the r-xtent of the poolroom
business. Chief of Police Sullivan in a
statement to-night declares that he has
been attempting to gather evidence
against the poolsellers for a long time
and that the arrests are the culmination
of these efforts.
The parties arrested to-day are, with
the exception of Mullen, merely the man
aging .attendants of the three poolroom
concerns, whose owners are Daroux,
Cavanausrh & Rot-s. Mike Mullen and
Edward Kripp. It appears that the pool
rooms secured their Information from
headquarters In Washington, Yolo
County, directly across the river from
Sacramento, these headquarters securing
their returns by direct wire from Tan
foran Park.- It has been estimated that
a business of $1000 per day has been going
on in this city at a time when the clergy
men »nd church-going element who parti
cipated in the memorable anti-poolroom
crusade fondly believed that the evil had
been effectually stamped out of exist
ence.
By F. E. MULHOLLAND.
Winnie O'Connor on Good Hope Beats a Field of FastOnes
at Odds of 25 to 1— Ring Does Better.
Three bantams, six welter, three mid
dle and two heavy-weight contests made
up tne, fistic card at the Olympic Club
last evening. A little more of action and
incident was scattered through the pro
gramme than on the opening night, and
the crowd warmed up to the bouts in
good old fashion.
The very last fight on the programme
proved the sensation of the evening. It
was between A. J. Gallagher of the San
Francisco Club and Al Duffy of the
South Knders. Gallagher is something
new in the way of prize-fight physique.
He is so fat that his flesh hangs all over
his belt, and he wobbles with every
movement. At the same time he waa
easily the cleverest boxer at the show
last evening, and his punching was hard
enough to double his opponent, Al Duffy,
in knots. In the second round Gallagher
landed very heavily on Duffy's jaw. The
latter went to the floor and out. Galla
gher looks like the winner in his class.
J. Fields, a strudy bantam of the Olym
pic Club, in the first round of the first
tight landed a stiff heart punch with his
right on.J. McKalley. McKalley's face
became twisted and he dropped to the
floor. Referee' Smith stopped the tight,
giving thv decision to Fields. The crowd
applauded the decision.
F. H. McConnell, O. C, and J. C. Dolan,
W. O. A. C, bantams, fought three rounds
in give-and-take fashion. McConnell was
the aggressor throughout, but found a
man oi good, sterling mettle In Dolan.
The decision went to the Olympic Club
man.
Willie Snailham, whom Alec Greggalns
seconded and whom he has dubbed
"Thurston the Second," finished Al Craw
ford in the second round. In wild, un
measured fashion Snailham threw his
arms and fists at Crawford for one and a
halt rounds, when the referee stopped the
light, proclaiming Snailham the winner.
Then came the welters. In the second
round of the tight between M. J. Breen,
O. C, and N. McKean, unattached, the
referee stopped the battle because he
thought Breen was outpointing his oppo
nent without a break. The action of the
referee was not thoroughly satisfactory
to the crowd, which was anxious to see
the fight continued to Its natural end.
H. W. Finke, O. C, and amateur cham
pion of the United States, used the best
part of a round to put plucky R. Donald
son, unattached, out of business. Donald
son was knocked down twice by Flnke's
strong right, and then his seconds threw
up the sponge.
W. Brock of the Reliance Club and
James Pallas of the South End Rowing
Club went the three rounds. Pallas Is of
the Sharkey type and he used his human
sledge-hammers on Brock from start to
finish, getting the decision.
Then William Gooby, Pacific Athletic
Club, and J. Doyle, O. C., flashed three
rounds of llstlc afrce. Gooby threw him
self in the way of Doyle's long left, spun
around when hit and tried glove gymnas
tics, to the great amusement of the house.
Doyle was an easy winner.
T. Stone and Gus Baraco followed. Stone
came all the way from the Reliance Club
and Baraco was home talent. When they
had gone three rounds the judges called
for a fourth, after which Baraco was pro
nounced the winner. The Reliance men
present hissed the decision roundly;
M. J. Lawlor. Unattached, and T. Wolff
of the Ariel Club put up what was the
most earnest and hardest tight of the
evening. For three rounds they drove
left and right into one another with un
remitting vigor. An extra round was
called and AVolff's aggressive work won
him the decision.
F. Wegener, Olympic Club, and H. Ken
ny, unattached, were next in the ring.
Wegener fought In his old careless styl«.*
In the second round he found Kenny's
chin with his right and Kenny measured
his own distance on the floor.
J. Mijlott of the San Francisco Athletic
Club and George Cluff of the Pacific Ath
letic Club mixed matters for half a round,
when Cluff went down and out.
H. Foley of the Ariel Rowing Club and
F. ¦ Bayly of the Olympics went three
rounds of torrid fisticuffing. Bayly was
at his taller antagonist continuously, re
ceiving the decision.
George Maclntyre of the Pacific Ath
letic Club and Thomas Lynch of the South
End Rowing Club met in the first of the
heavyweight fights. This fight was tinc
tured with blood, both men bleeding' pro
fusely from deep gashes on the head.
Lynch got the decision.
A. J. Gallegher. "San Francisco Athletic
Club, fat and heavy, then met Al Duffy
of the South End Rowing Club in the con
cluding bout. Gallegher's victory sent the
crowd home In a happy moot!.
The programme for this evening will be
carried through the semi-finals In the
featherweight, bantam, middle and welter
weight classes. Left in the bantam class
are Fields. Snallham and McConnell. In
the featherweight class are Danzigcr, Rl
ordan, Moran. Lundie. Kreling-. Leonard,
Howard and Long:. In the welterweight
class are Pellas, Finke, Doyle, Breen, Bar
aco and Lawlor. In the middleweight
class are Bayley, Millett and Wegener.
Last Fight of the Second Series of
Contests for the Champion
ships Pleases the
Crowd.
Olympic Club.
Light and Heavy Men Per
form in the Ring of
AMATEUR BOXERS
ARE STILL AT IT
MONTANIC IS SUBDUED WITHOUT
DIFFICULTY BY SPEEDY FAVONIUS
CONTESTS WILL OF THE
LATE GEOBOE GRA1TNISS
When the will of th«s late George W.
Grannlss was filed for probate on Wednes
da last .y,, it wa3 announced that in all prob
ability a contest to the instrument wou.<J
be instituted. The announcement wa*
not erroneous, for vesurday morning
Elizabeth I. Grannlsa, decedent's widow,
filed a petition resisting that asking- for
the admission of the will to t>roba,t^. J
Granniss left an e.st.ttu estimated to ha
worth 3150,600. In his will, which waa
executed in 1S34. he .nade a specific be
quest of J30.000 to hla widow and be
queathed the residue to his daughter by
his first marriage. Harriet Granntss Cen
ter. In the contest nied yesterday Mrs.
Grannlss charges Airs. GrannJsa-Center
wltlrhavtnc unduly Influenced her father
and with having exercised duress In frauj
to procure the execution of the will in her
favor.
A petition for special letters of admin
istration and a motion for a family allow
ance, made by Mrs. Grannlss. were aj«
sl?ned to Judge Coffev. but the hearinz
of the same was postponed pending search
for another will, which Mra. Grannlss*
counsel Intimated they believed waj jq
existence.
SPRING VALLEY COMPANY
AT.T.T.GES IT HAS 3LOST
Statement Filed With Supervisors
Shows Excess of $39,785 57 in
Disbursements Over Receipts,
The Spring Valley Water Company filed
a detailed statement with tho Board of
Supervisors yesterday showing the name
of each water rate payer and the amount
paid for water by each of the 60,000 such
rate payers during the year 1900 and also
showing all revenue derived from all
sources and a/i Itemized statement of ex
penditures made for supplying water
during such time. The statement in in
dexed for the first time according to the
names of streets, which are ranged in
alphabetical order. • «
The statement showing tha revenue de
rived from all sources for the year pre
ceding January 1, 1301. and of all expendi
tures made for supplying water during
said time follows:
TVater rents, private consumers.... CX.se8.854 4S
City and county , 235 977 S3
Shipping »I,930 a£>
•l£ . tt.SS4.732 3*
Other »ource» 41.354 95
Total Income .....'........... $1,923,707 33
Disbursements— :
For operating expenses % ... $ o.6n9 Z3
Taxes -JM.«6O02
Interest ;•. ....:.'. Cm Da it
dividends .......'.._, TQ-jleoO 00
Total disbursements Ji 96B 43" s*
Net loss • ' 33*7^ 57
Paid on account of permanent irri- ' o
provementa n.079.27S S3
The Visitation Water Company filed a
£**££??£ showing Its receipts for 1000 to
be $oo.3 15 and expenses J35& 10. It shows
a steady decreases in Income and expendl-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 3L— It is now practi
cally settled that McGovern's next oppo
nent for featherweight honors will be Kid
Broad. Sam Harris and Joseph Macias.
managers for McGovern and Broad re
spectively, have been in communication
for the past two weeks and an under
standing has been reached.
McGovern and his manager will be in
New York, on February 4, when articles
for a twenty-round bout will be signed
and other details arranged. The fight will
take place before the Twentieth Century
Athletic Crub of San Francisco early la
May. McGovern accepted the club's $7000
offer a month ago.
Agrees to Meet Kid Broad of
New York in Twenty-
Round Bout.
TERR Y McGOVERN
TO FIGHT HERE
WHEX "Terrible" Terry Mc-
Govern, the Brooklyn whirl
wind, oomes to this coast to
give proof of his prowess in
the roped arena, he will in all
probability find awaiting him a young
Australian champion named Tim Hegarty,
who wants to battle for the featherweight
NEW YORK, Jan. 31.— The auction sale
of the, horses belonging to the Bitter Root
stud, owned by the late Marcus Daly,
at Hamilton, Mont., was resumed this
afternoon In Madison-square Garden.
Spectators were few. J. B. Haggin of
California and W. C. Whitney were active
bidders.
The auction opened with the sale of
Homeopathy to W. C. Whitney for $4000.
Sidney Paget did the bidding. Pastorelia
was sold to W. I. Powers, as agent, for
$10,000, the highest price of the afternoon.
Pastorelia is an imported chestnut mare.
She won the Zethland stakes at York and
other races. ¦
The only important purchase by a for
eigner -under hla own name during the'
afternoon was that of Slstrum for $-#00 by
Lord Clonmel of Ireland.
The Imported- chestnut mare Isis was
Secures One of the Horses
of the Daly Stud for
$10,000.
LORD CLONMEL
BUYS FRANKFORT
bought by YT. C. Whitney for JS500. J.
B. Haggin bought the Imported Isalc and
Mrs. Delaney for tSQQO and $8200 respec
tively.
Among the horsemen at the sale to
night were W. C. Whitney. J. B. Haggln.
J. G. Arhell. F. Bird. "Father Bill" Daly.
"Cash" Sloan, James R. Keene, Matt and
Fhll Dwyer, Fred Gebhardt, Senator Mc-
Carren and Colonel John C. Chlnn.
The feature of the sale In the evening,
and for that matter for the whole day.
was the . disposition of Frankfort, a full
brother of Hamburg. He went to the
Irish Lord Clonmel for $10,100, next to
Hamburg's price the best figure secured
in the sale. Michael Murphy of Philadel
phia bought the colt Emporium for $$300.
and lightweight championship. Tom K.
James, chief steward of the Oceanic
Steamship Company's Sonoma, will bring
the redoubtable boxer over to this coun
try next month for the avowed purpose of
having Hegarty try conclusions with Mc-
Govern.
According to Otto Cribb, the last fighter
SALT LAKE. Jan. 31.— S. W. Eccles,
traffic manager of the Oregon Short Line
Railroad, this afternoon received a tele
gram announcing his appointment as
traffic manager for the American Smelt
and Refining Company, with headquarters
In New York, effective February 15.
N*vr Traffic Manager.
HOT SPRINGS. Ark., Jan. 31.— A twen
ty-round draw was fought to-night be
tween Casper Loon and George Munroe
before the Whittington Park Club. Tom
Sharkey was referee.
Leon-Munroe Fight a I>ra-w.
CINCINNATI, Jan. 31.— Jeffries and
I.-.hlin are training diligently for their
ba.tle. There were no legal developments
to-day. The sale of tickets to-day aggre
gated $4700, making the. total $45,000.
Jeff and Ruhlin Training.
Phelan's Ax Falls at Midnight.
At midnight Mayor Phelan's College of
Physicians went Into operation at the
City Hall and Water front emergency
hospitals. Dr. von der Lieth went on at
the main hospital at the City Hall and
had but little to do on his opening night.
Dr. von der Lieth soys he was never in
vestigated by the Board of Health or any
other body, and i3 willing to stand by his
record. Dr. Morrison went on duty at
the Harbor Front Hospital and dispatched
affairs with his usual sang-froid.
II Passed May Put an End to Con-
NEW PBI2EFIGHT
¦RTT.T. FOB. NEVADA
tests in the Sagebrush.
State.
CARSON. Jan. 31.— Senator Flantgan
Introduced a bill in the Senate to-day re
pealing the prizefight law. This law was
originally passed in 1S97 to allow- tha
Fitzsimmons-Corbett fight to take place
in this city. In spite of the fact that
prizefighting has been legalized in this
State since that time, there has not been
a fight within the State during the four
years. It. is thought that th« measure
will bring out a hot argument, as many
of the members in both houses consider
that the bill as It stands comes nearer
expelling prizefighting from Nevada
than it would should the law b« re
pealed.
"Tim" Hegarty, Champion Feather-Weight of Australia,
to Be Brought Here to Meet Brooklyn Wonder.
brought to thl3 country by James. Hegarty
Is somewhat of a "terror" himself while In
the ring. In discussing 1 the Australian
lightweight yesterday. Cribb grew en
thusiastic and In his excitement dropped
a string of "h's" that would have tripped
up an ordinary conversationist. .
" 'Egarty," he said, "is a fo»ghter
harfter me own 'art. *E can 'it as 'ard as
a bloomin' 'eavywelght. If 'e meets JIc-
Govern, I'll bet 'e will make Mm think
there is a foighter in front of 'ixn."
Before the Sonoma sailed last we* for
the Antipodes. George Harding, manager
of "Soldier" Phil Green and Otto Cribb.
talked with the steward, and they agreed
to brins Hegarty over on the return trip.
Hegarty is looked upon as tha cleverest
exponent of the art of fisticuffs in the
Colonies, lie has foupht more than a hun
dred battles during hla seven years' rtns;
experience and be it said to his credit he
has never been knocked out or had a de
cision against him. Hegarty has met
lightweights and middleweights in his
career and has laid hla opponents low
witu his flats. He has the cleverness of
Griffo and the hitting power of a man
nearly twice his weight. He is only
2J years of age and is suid to be a world
beater.
Other Australian pugilists and sporting
men join Cr;hb in praising Heparty. They
say that ho is worthy to battle with Mc-
Govern and if he were to meet the Ameri
can in this city the international contest
would prove a tremendous drawing card.
The fact that Tom James Is bringing
Hegarty to this country Is an evidence
that the pugilist id a K<>od man. James
has the distinction of having brought
Fitzslmmons, Jim Hall, Griffo, Murphy.
Cribb and a. score of other good men to»
America, It is believed that the local
clubs are already bidding for the match.
MAN FROM ANTIPODES IS COMING
TO SEEK FIGHT WITH McGOVERN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1901.
RUNNING OF THE RACERS AND BOUTS OF THE BOXERS
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
4
Irish bred horses win three-fourth« of
the eteeplccbase races In England
' «.
In twenty-four hours nearly 700 trains
pass in and out of New street station,
Birmingham, England.
LEAGUE I OF '"¦ THE CROSS LECTURE.—
"The Sontrs of the Sunny South" la the title
of a lecture which Rev. Thomas P. McLaugh-
;lln will deliver In Metropolitan . Temple Mon-
day evening, February 4, for the benefit of
the uniform fund of the League of the Cross
Cadets. Father McLaughlin will Blng the most
famous Southern melodlen. Including "The Old
Kentucky Home. 1 ,' "Old Uncle Ned" and VHard
Times." Reserved aeata can be secured at
room 87. Flood buildlm.'. • •
DUKE AND DUCHESS OF
MANCHESTER AS
THP IlTHEY ARE. [r=7
THH - ¦• DOES THE
CUKUNAIllni WHMT TWENTIETH
OF IS FMITH? CENTURY
ENGLAND'S By REV ' SAMU£L slocomse. GIRL
™ S LANDSCAPE ™ A
AND QUEENS PHOTOGRAPHY. CHAPERON?
— J| By RJ. WATERS. 1
AMATEURS ON THE STAGE.
By HARRY 'COR3ON CLARKE.
QUEEN VICTORIA'S PREMO- A FEW OF CALIFORNIA'S
NITION OF DEATH. PRETTY GIRLS.
PECK'S BAD BOY AND THE GROCERYMAN BEHIND I
THE SCENES AT .THE PIMKHLE THEATER.
MR. BOWSER ON TRANS- BOOKS, FICTION, HIMAN
MIGRATION OF SOULS. INTEREST STORIES.LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGE1TCE.
ARRIVED.
. Thursday. January 31.
Stmr Robert Dollar. Ellefsen. from Seattle.
BAILED.
• Thursday, January 31. ¦
Etmr SeQuola. Martin. •
DOMESTIC : PORT.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed Jan 31— Bchr J A
Campbell, for Honolulu. 6
Cadot Is Convicted.
The second trial of Hipollto Pedro Ca
dot, clerk in the Chilean Consulate, on ths
charge of ' obtaining money by false fpre
tenses from shippers, resulted in convic
tion by a Jury in Judge Lawlor's court
yesterday, afternoon. "On the first trial the
Jury disagreed. . The defendant burst into
tears when the Jury rendered the . Verdict
of guilty and was led weeping from the
courtroom. He will be sentenced to-mor
row. ..
Farrcn Said to Be in City.
It was reported to Judge Coffey yester
day that W. D. Farren, executor of the
estate of tho lato D. D. Fowler, who has
been absent from the city for some
months, had returned. Judge Coffey im
mediately Issued an order instructing, him
to appear In court and explain t4ie' cause
of his long absence. 'If located Farren
will be in court to-day. - .
Scorned "Woman's Revenge.
j. J. Traver, who keeps a livery stable
at 2617 Mission street, was charged be
fore Judge Conlan yesterday with main
taining a nuisance. Traver testified that
his wife, against whom he has instituted
divorce proceedings, has Intrenched her
self on the, top flat of the house, above the
Btables. and. out of spite plugs up the
drain pipes in the house, turns the water
on and floods the stables, which causes
the ' nuisance. The Judge continued the
case until to-morrow.
PHOTOQRAPHIC SAIA)N
•WTLL BE FREE TO-DAY
Success Achieved Causes Datermina
tion to Repeat Exhibition
Next Tear.
The closing night of the photographic
salon drew a large crowd of camera lov-
ers to the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
' Since- the opening of the salon, two
weeks ago, almost 6000 people have visited
the exhibition, an almost unique record
at the institute. Owing to the gratifying
success which has attended this first pho
tographic salon it has now been fully de
eded to repeat the experiment next year,
and photographers prophesy an even more
worthy show for the second effort in this
direction. - .
A concert was given last night under the
direction . of - Henry Heyman, In which
Walter G. Fonda, William J. O'Brien. W.
T. Young. Miss- OrrieT. Young. H. S.
Fonda and Emll Cruells took part.
It has been decided to throw open the
exhibition to the public to-day, which is
the usual free Friday of the month.
Printers Object to Senate Bills.
At a meeting of San Francisco Typo
graphical Union No. 21 last night resolu
tions were adopted and copies ordered
sent to the Legislature protesting against
the adoption of Senate bill No. 58, which
provides for the appropriation of $60,000
for the installation of typesetting ma
chinery In the State printing office. Res
olutions were also adopted protesting
against the passage, of a bill which pro
vides for the appointment of the < State
Printer by the Governor.
NUW OFFICERS FOE.
¦ • •-¦:" • : BUTLDING COUNCIL
President McCarthy to Go to Sacra-
mento In Interest of Various
Bills.
At a meeting held last evening ,of the
Building Trades Council officers were
elected for the ensuing year as follows:
'. President. P. H. McCarthy: vice president.
E.v J. . Brandon ; recording? and corresponding
necretary, O. A. Tveltmoe; financial secre
tary, H. Thieler; treasurer. John E. Mc-
Dougald; sergeant at arms. H. J. Slceen; trus
tees—P. H. Farley. Walter Goft. V. J. Dono
van, W. A. Cole and D. D. Brown; organizing
committee— Walter Goft*. C. H. Stocks. W. A.
Cole, George. D. Keeley and J. D. Dunn; law
end legislative committee— Thomas Llnton, H.
Ncidllnger. C. A. Ternpleton. M. J. Kelly and
William O. Mills; business asents— William
Danlelson and H. M. Saunders.
President McCarthy was Instructed to
go to Sacramento to attend to building
trades matters there, and to watch the
interests ! of ' the various bills before the
Legislature which pertain to'Iab'or move
ments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., Jan. SI.— A bill
introduced In the State Legislature to-day
giving the Newport News Shipbuilding
and Drydock Company the power to sell
Its big plant here at any time to any cor
poration created something of a sensation.
It is not unlikely that this bill is one of
the results of the recent conference In
Richmond, at which, acordlng to reports,
a combination of large American ship
yards was agreed upon.
NEW YORK, Jan. 31.— The information
that the Newport News Shipbuilding and
Drydock Company has applied to the Vir
ginia Legislature for authority to sell its
plant to another corporation was regarded
in this city this evening as an Indication
that satisfactory progress had been made
in the direction of combining the ship
building plants of this country by the pro
moters of that enterprise.
•Charles R. Flint has been making ef
forts in that direction for some time. Up
to the present time no definite announce
ment has been made of the name or cap
italization of the company. Persons inter
ested however, have stated that it was
not conceived In opposition. to the Cramp
Shipbuilding Company of Philadelphia,
which however, will be the principal com
petitor, and the amount of stock has been
placed at $60,000,000.
A meeting of persons interested in the
scheme was held at Richmond, Va., a few
weeks ago. Among those who were pres
ent were Charles R., Flint and Irving M.
Scott president of the Union Iron Works
of San Francisco, which built the battle
ship Oregon,. the cruiser Charleston and
other war vessels for this . Government,
as well, as several war vessels for .'the
Japanese Government. There were pres
ent also : representatives of the Newport
News Shipbuilding and Drydock Company
of Newport" News, Va,: the Harlan and
Holllngsworth Shipbuilding Company of
Wilmington. Del.; the Prigg Shipbuilding
Company of Richmond, Va.; the New
London Shipbuilding Company of New
Action Tending to Confirm
Report of Combination
of Shipyards.
POWER TO SELL
NEWPORT NEWS
The annual session of St. Patrick's Al
liance of America was held yesterday in
K. R. B. Hall on Mission street. The fol
lowing representatives, in addition to tha
officers, were present:
Oakland Alliance— T. J. Desmond. Jam*i
Carley. P. J. Ryan. James Coakley, S. Ma
honey. L. J. Desmond.
N'o. 9. Fresno— James Flynn, S. Conway. P.
Rlley.
No. 10. Stockton— John Kerr, William Hol
land, James Sweeney.
So. 11. Los Angeles— James Kelly, William
O'Keefe. John Wallen.
No. 12, Santa Cruz— John Jordan. 1L J.
Curtis. James O'Donnell.
Unity No. II, San Francisco— P. G. Lynch. J.
C. Callahan. P. F. McCarthy. M. J. Connelly.
F. B. Hunt. James McUaven.
No. IS, San Francisco — J. J. Dunn. Thomas
McKeon, John Ganey. John Doyle.
No. 16. Oakland— W. J. Harrington. B. T.
Connolly.
No. 17. Crockett— P. Lucey. I* McCarthy.
Nos. ii and Id— Represented by proxy.
No. 23. San Diego— James Connolly. Wllllaza
Brophy. John Fallon.
No. 23, Santa Rosa— John Cox. William
Slaven.
No. 23. Sacramento— James CarrMon. William
Hunty, S. Blake. A. Sexton.
No. 27. Santa Barbara — William Sheehan.
James Hlckey.
The officers' reports show a membership
of 42S0, an increase of 310 durinc the
year 1900. The receipts were $25,986 85, ami
the expenditures $12,423; for sick benefits,
J2500; for funerals and other expenses,
$3$24. The alliance now has In the bank
$13,468 35. -
The following were elected officers for
the current- t«rm:
President, P. F. McCarthy; vice presi
dent. T. J. Desmond: secretary. John
Ganey; treasurer, F. P. Hunt; sergeant at
arms. James Coakley; board of trustees —
W. P. Collins, James Corley. W. V. Har
lngton, John Doyle and John Calla&han.
A resolution was adopted commending
Mayor Van Wyck of New York for not
allowing the flag on the City Hall to be
half-masted upon the announcement of
the death of Queen Victoria.
In the evening there was a banauet.
Annual Reports Are Read
and New Officers
Elected.
ST. PATRICK'S
ALLIANCE MEETS
MRS, EMMET BURKE AKD • _
HER HUSBAND ABBIVE
Honolulu Heiress Becomes the Wife
of a Texas Section Foreman's
Son.
Mr. and Mrs. Emmet Burke of Paris,
Texas, are at the Occidental. They are
enjoying their wedding trip. Mrs. Burke
was formerly Miss Mamie Smith, an
heiress of Honolulu. The husband is a
son of a Texas and Pacific Railway sec
tion foreman. A short time before the
couple's marriage it was currently report
ed here that the young woman had prom,
ised her hand in marriage to a prominent
San Francisco attorney, who has been her
legal adviser.
The news of Miss Smith's marriage to
Burke has naturally created some little
comment here. She was not disposed to
epeak about the affair at the hotel last
evening, declaring that her marriage was
none of the public's affair and that she
didn't propose to be disturbed by her gos
siping acquaintances. The couple are to
embark for Honolulu. on the next steam
ship. They will make their home there.
London, Conn.; the Bath Iron Works of
Bath. Me., and the Morris Shipbuilding
Company of Camden. N. J.
The scheme owes its origin to th© ship
subsidy bill. As stated by one of the pro
moters, the Intention is to divide the ship
building work among the different con
cerns interested, so that instead of, as at
present, one yard being- engaged In build
ing war vessels of two or three different
types and also merchant vessels, each
plant will confine Itself to one class of
work.
An Important meeting of the members
of the Produce Exchange was held yes
terday afternoon for the purpose of tak
ing some action In the proposed forma
tion In this city of a great commercial or
ganization that has been under serious
consideration by many of the leading
business men of San Francisco for several
weeks. The scheme involves the dis
solution of the Produce Exchange and
of the Merchants' Exchange and the for
mation of an entirely new commercial
body of greater scope to Include in its
membership the present members of the
two organizations named and all kindred
organizations in the city. The new com
mercial exchange will be formed on the
same broad lines as the great commercial
bodies of New York. Chicago, Hamburg,
Germany, and other business centers .of
the world.
It is proposed that the new organization
shall have a home of Its own fully in
keeping with its importance and the meet
ing of the Produce Kxchange yesterday
was partly for the purpose of discussing
the steps necessary to secure an adequate
flite for the new structure and to take ac
tive measures for carrying on the pre
liminary work. The idea of the majority
of those Interested In the movement has
been from the start to secure the property
of the Merchants' Exchange on California
street on which to erect a new modern
eight-story building fully adapted to tho
needs to which It will be put and there is
every indication that this' plan will be
carried to a successful consummation.
At yesterday's meeting, which waa execu
tive. It was announced by William Bab
cock, who presided, that nearly four thou
sand business men are taking an active
interest in the formation of the new
orgrmization which will embrace all the
various mercantile Interests of the city,
now represented in independent bodies.
No opposition to the project has thus far
been developed, and as It is clearly some
thing that will be of vast benefit to the
entire commercial community, none is ex
pected to materialize.
At the opening of the meeting Secretary
T. C. Friedlandor- announced that the
object of tho meeting was to take steps
to secure an extension of the option on
tho Merchants' Exchange building from
the association owning it. The Produce
Kxchange owns a controlling interest in
the stock of the Merchants' Exchange
Association and it is proposed that the
now exchange shall purchase the prop
erty for J300.000. The representatives of
the Merchants' Exchange were willing
yesterday to extend tho option for ninety
days and the members of the Produce Ex
change decided to accept the offer.
The new exchange will probably be
called "the San Francisco Merchants' Ex
change" or "the Pacific Exchange of San
Francisco." Its mission would be to pro
mote uniformity In the customs and
usages of merchants; to Inculcate prin
ciples of justice and equity in trade; to
facilitate the speedy adjustment of busi
ness disputes: to acquire and disseminate
valuable commercial and economic in
formation and generally to secure to its
members the benefits of co-operation In
the furtherance of their legitimate pur
suits. The new exchange will taJte In
as members all those engaged in shipping;
the handling of grain, hay and produce;
the coal and lumber trades, railroads. In
surance, banks, real estate agencies, stock
and bond brokers, oil dealers, handlers of
dairy produce and in fact all branches of
Nearly 400 names have been subscribed
for membership In the proposed exchange
and as a seat In the new organization Is
flxed at $500, this will give a capital of
$200,000. Certain business men, whose de
sire la to see San Francisco In the front
rank, have signified their intention to
make up any deficiency in the $300,000 re
quired to purchase the present Merchants'
Exchange building. , These public-spirited
men are willing to loan the money re
quired by the new exchange and will not
ask any Interest on tho amount they will
furnish until July. 1903. If at that time
the required capital has not been sub
scribed by members then tho men who
have furnished the balance of the capital
are to receive 4 per cent bonds for the
money they have furnished.
The prime movers In the proposed ex
change are enthusiastic and confident
that San Francisco will eoon have an or
ganized body of Us varied business In
terests which will wield a power In the
country and secure for San Francisco
the many things It needs. The new build
ins which the exchange will erect will
have a general meeting hall and board
rooms' for the many Interests It will bring
under one roof. The Chamber of Com
merce will also find accommodation In tho
building. There will be "pits" for the
stock brokers, grain and oil -dealers and
the other floors will be devoted to offices.-
The committee on promotion consists of
well-known business men and Includes G.
W. McNear. Charles R. Allen. William
I.abcock. Andrew Carrlgan. "Warren D.
Clark. W. J. Dutton. William Haas. C.
R. Havens. E. R. LI lien thai, M. A. New
hall. George A; Newhall, Juda Newman,
S. P. Smith. II. C. Somers. Henry St.
Goar. W. H. Talbot. F. W. Van Slcklen,
P. W. Zeile, II. T. Allen and T. C. Fried
lander. :
ST. PAUL OFFICIAL HEBE
TO GET INFORMATION
Chairman of That City's Common
Council Will Interview Phelan
on Municipal Problems.
Dr. R. Schiffmann, chairman £>t the St.
Paul City Council, arrived In this city
last evening and Is at the Occidental. He
has come to the coast for tho benefit of
his family for the winter, and Incidentally
to get points from Mayor Phelan on what
the Mayor does not know about conduct-
Ing the business of a municipality. Dr.
Bchlffmann was a member of a committee
of five which came out here to meet the
Thirteenth Minnesota Regiment on its re
turn from the Philippines.
The St. Paul official says there are a
number of Important questions now before
the legislators of his city, among them be
ing the matter of street railway service.
He has been told that San Francisco has
a model street railway system, and he In
tends to make an investigation and report
to the St. Paul government. In May the
entire Council of the Minnesota capital
will come to the coast on a junket. Dr.
Schiffmann has letters of introduction to
Mayor Phelan and other officials.
?
New Merchants' Exchange Is Formulated
and Plans Made for Palatial Quarters.
"What's the use," he says; "Xo one
will believe what I say, and they nabbed
me at the graft. I don't want no attor
ney. I'll have to po up, I know that, and
I don't mean to kick. Tes, I feel kinder
His -mother lives with her daughter,
Mrs. Keefer, at 613*£ Oak street, and his
father is employed at odd jobs about the
city foundries.
As to what the law may hold for him
Wilson seems quite Indifferent.
Hall himself was the recipient of an un
expected visit two weeks ago from two
men, who. from the- manner of their com
ing and going, were undoubtedly there for
no good -purpose, but neither of whom, he
thinks, was Shannon. Hall was awakened
early in the morning by hearing some one
moving about the room.. He sat up in bed
and saw two men, 'neither of whom, he
said yesterday, was "Wilson or his pal,
opening a bureau drawer. He demanded
their business, and one of them said, "We
want to see Jim." Hall told them they
were in the wrong room. As they went
to the door he said he saw the glint of
something which looked like a revolver in
the hand of the shorter man and thought'
It the better part of valor not to follow
them. Hall says one of them might have
been Shannon.
in tho passageway, and declares that he
and Shannon, the dead burglar, were one
and the same.
sorry my partner got it, but I don't know
as I'd care if we'd change places. I dld'nt
mean to uso the revolver. I pointed It at
Hall just as a bluff, that was all— a bluff
that didn't go."
Mrs. Hattie Levy saw the whole shoot-
Ing from her door. "I was reading." she
said, "last night when I heard some one
cry out, 'Kid! Kid! for God's sake come
quick!' I thought it was a row In the
social club upstairs; but when the cries
were repeated I opened the door Just in
time to hear the report of a revolver up
stairs. Then a tallish fellow came racing
down stairs five steps at a time. When
he got to the bottom he sat down. Just as
If to rest himself. His head fell on his
shoulder, and < I almost thought he had
gone to sleep, he seemed so quiet.
Another man ran after him downstairs,
leaped over him as he sat there, and dis
appeared Into the street. By this time
there was a crowd outside. I went to the
man on the steps and saw he was dead
from a shot behind the left ear. I called
to the men outside to come; that a man
had been killed. Then Hall came to tho
head of tho stairs and called out: 'I did
It. He tried to rob my room, and I shot
him.' I thought I had seen the face of
the dead burglar before, and as I looked
at him I recollected where it was. Ha
was the same man that I caught In my
parlor that Sunday night."
COMMERCIAL BODY TO INCLUDE ,
VARIOUS BUSINESS INTERESTS
PICTURE STUDIES OF NED WILSON, THE YOUNG CRACKSMAN WHO
WAS SHANNON'S COMPANION ON THE LATTER'S LAST EXPE
DITION AND WHO CALMLY AWAITS HIS FATE.
NO COMPETITIVE
TEMPLAR DRILL
Feature to Be Abandoned in
Conclave of Grand Com-
Grand Commander Miller; Disap
proves of the Plan — Prepara
tions for an Imposing Af
fair Next April.
Hiram T. Graves, recorder of California
Commandery No. 1, Knights Templar, is
in. receipt of a communication from Grand
Commander Frederick M. Miller in which
the latter states that ho is not in favor of
the proposed competitive drill and the of
fering of prizes in connection with the
entertaining of the Grand Commandery at
its forty-third annual conclave, to be held
in tnis city in April, 1901.
Upon the recommendation of a commit
tee consisting of Sir Knights William Ed
wards, Robert B. Moore and E, 8. Bean
of Golden Gate Commandery No. 16 and
fairs Henry 11. Ream, A. A. Batkin and
K. P. Hunbut of California Commandery
lc was resolved in regular assembly that
the consent of the grand commander be
asked for the drill to be engaged in by all
¦commanderies of the jurisdiction outside
of this city. It was also resolved that four
prizes be offered for the competitive drill,
and that the silver vasr. now in the asy-r
lum of California Commandery be given
as the first prize. It was thought that
this would be the foundation for a drill
corps in every commandery.
Un^er date of December 28, 1900, Grand
Commander Miller wrote as follows:
I bet to acknowledge the receipt of your
favor of tho 26th lnst. requesting an Intima
tion of my .views on the proposition of the
drill corns of California Commandery No. 1
and Golden Gate Commandery No. 16 offering
four prizes to be drilled for by the command
eries outside of the city of San Francisco, said
drill to take place during the next annual con
clave of the Grand Commandery next April.
Believing it to be your desire to make the
next conclave one of great interest surpassing
those of the past, and, also believing that thii
Idea will be the means of creating new en
thusiasm in these commanderies and result in
much-needed improvement in their tacti
cal work, I desire to say that I am in favor
of It. I am heartily in accord with any
proposition that will result In greater pro
ficiency and that will stimulate the dormant
energy that exists in some of our command
eries. And who knows but what this may be
the foundation for a drill corps in every com
mandery? I will grant the desired permission
when same Is officially made by your 6everal
commanderies, provided the programme Is ar
ransed so it will not interfere with tho work
of the erand body.
Subsequently the grand commander
wrote: •
After an investigation I am convinced that a
competitive drill and the offering of prizes
would not be wise, and I thought that after a
talk with your officers they might conclude to
withdraw the request made to me for permis
sion. I would much prefer they did bo, and
now offer the opportunity for so doing.
Up to the present time no one knows
what caused : the grand commander to
change his mind, as he has not assigned
his reason, and the officers of the local
commanderies have not heard from him
on that point. It Is probable, however,
that the request for the competitive drill
will be withdrawn.
Recorder "William T. Fonda announces
that Golden Gate Commandery has Be
curcd the Mechanics' Pavilion for Satur
day evening, April 20, for the purpose of
entertaining the Grand Commandery.
California Commandery has engaged Odd
Fellows' Hall for the three days of the
annual conclave, and invitations will be
sent to all the commanderies of the State
as well as to the officers and past com
manders to partake of Its hospitality. The
affair will conclude with a ball, display
drill and a grand banquet.
The eminent commander has appointed
as members of the executive' committee
to take the whole matter In charge Sir
W. II. Frank Titus, chairman; Sir Carroll
Cook, vice chairman, and Sir Knights
John P. Fraser. E. B. Church, B. N. Raw
ley, John Tonnlngsen. George F. Neal,
Thomas L*. Hill. T. H. Browne. Past Com
mander R. P. Hurlbut, H. B. Ream, J.
H. Bennet, Thomas Morton, T. L. Hen
derson, G. H. Umbsen, C. w. Decker and
Martin Jones.
The prospects for a most successful and
enjoyable entertainment are very flatter
ing and liberal subscriptions are being
freely made toward a fund for carrying
out the designs of the executive commit
tee.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1901.
Criminal Killed Was William Shannon — Mrs. Levy
Sees Him in Her Room, Then in Death.
FRED .... WILSON, alfas George
Wcocs. one of the men who at
tempted to rob" tho rooin of Ed
ward E. Hall at 122 TavlSt street
cn Wednesdav night, and whoso
partner, killed by Hall, was identified yes
terday as Wniiam or -Brick" Shannon.
¦was instructed as to ltlsTrlghts yesterday
by Judge Conlan and Riven till Wednesday
next to prepare his case.. He is. charsei
with burglary assault to commit mur
der. The police have elicited. the fact that
Wilson was a partner -of the notorious
Waiter Jorgensan. who was sent to San
<iuentin to serve a lo::? term for burglary.
Wilson having "traveled" with Jorgensen
and rebbed a room on Eddy street with
him. Wilson's mother is said to be a re
spectable woman, a cook in a Post-street
restaurant.
After spendins a r.icht in jail Hall was
released early yesterday- morning by the
police, there being no charge to place
against him. Captain of Detectives Sey
mour was enthusiastic over Ha-l"s action.
"That man should be given a medal." he
paid. "More men like him and we'd have
fewer c! tires© petty thieves and bur
glars."
Tha dead burglar, who was Identified
by a boy nr.med Harry Hughes a* being
William Shannon, nicknamed "Brick." a
graduate of and escape from, tho 'Whit
tier Reform School and a hanger-on of
th© Palace 3ecr Hall on Market street.
He formerly lived with his stepmother.
Jessie Shannon, at 502 Seventh street, but
Flr.ce she Joined, her husband. Charles, or
••Wallah" Shannon, who is employed In a
Lox factory at Sacramento, he has had
quarters in various places. Detective
H&mmell was sent out with Hughes to
Point Lobos avenue, whew Hughes said
he thought Mrs. Shannon lived, but w\s
unable to find trace of her. She Is said
to b« livir.p at C22 Alley street, between
Q and R. Sacramento.
Farther than this revelation of the iden
tity of the dead man, Mrs. Hattle I^ovy.
wife of a chiropodist, who has offices and
rooms on the iirst floor of the building
where the shooting took place, tells a
Ftory which shows that Shannon had been
Ffclrmishlng- on the Taylor-street premises
lor three weeks previous to the night he
encountered Half. 3'rs. Levy tells of
having encountered Shannon in her rooms
plying the trade In pursuit of which he
met his death,' and dramatically enough
Fhe was the first person to gaze Into
Shannon's face as he gasped his last at
the foot of the stairs, recognizing: him as
"•her burg-lar."
The incident at Mrs. Levy's apartments
occurred on a Sunday night between 9 and
10 o'clock. Mrs. Levy was .entertaining
Fome friends in her kitchen when her at
tention wa.;» attracted by a noise, as
thouprh some one was attempting to break
5n. Fhe opened the kitchen door leading
into the jiftssacie ar.d saw a man outside
tne door of the front room fumbling with
the lock. She asked him what he wished,
and he said he wanted' "to see Mr. Wil-
Fon." She toM him that no such person
lived there. All the while she was talk
ing to him the man. whom she noticed had
a. thick head of red hair, eyed her curious
ly. Burning very agitated. He asked her
then if she could tell him where Mr. Wil
son did live, and she said she did not
know. He then thanked her and walked
oat of the front door.
Mrs. Levy went back to the kitchen and
was talking to her guests about the meet-
Ir.s. which had Impressed her not a little,
when she again heard a r.oise from the
front parlor. This time, however, it was
a. clicking pound, as though some one
were attempting to turn the lock. .
. She went through tho folding doors lead
tlng from a room between the kitchen and
the front parlor Into the latter room and
saw the same man she had seen outside
the door rifling a chest where her hus
band kept his chir.opodicai instruments.
A? soon as he saw her he made a Jump
for the door, which was open, and disap
p*»ared down the street. She had a good
jock at him^-hotnevcr. •when she saw him
DEAD BURGLAR IDENTIFIED AND MAN
WHO SHOT, HIM SET AT LIBERTY
5
A feature of the Saturday C ST_U|H_ KA_|H_Mf^S__fi3 BS&J1 A small lot of >
% Night Concert will be H CItIB^WK l^fl Clear Havana j
k * the vocal duets by Madame gB BMpp £%Y**3 Bvm CltjarS *
J> Ellen Coursen Roeckcl and Ool_l4E^sTlltillC dAZAA.1% *"S on special sal: Friday »nd *<
Miss Elena Roeckel. CALIFORNIA'S LARdEST-AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE, until sold, 7 for 2 5 Cm J
i SS^S"* 1 ransa °tion complete in this store until customer is fullv satisfied. We \
t al^K* believe tliat we can save you money on almost every purchase i hat you make. \
\ We guarantee the low ness of our prices by saying: If you can buy the same qualities at a >
[ less price elsewhere, return our goods and get your money. 5
\ Many Important Special Sales To-Day \
I 50c Cuspidors Special Sale Special Sale of i
} 33c. v." ¦ , L * ai *: s ' J*ose. £a Ce Overcollars. \
K _.__¦!_ * ~. t " • ' Seamless Lisle Thread Hose, warranted fast ,_ _ „ , ,_ _ . _.. _ •;
i _W%*^^^_3Hi' , Tney have just ar- black,. Richrieu drop stitch, double hrelsand 25c Oweol'ari for 12c Each-This offer, J
t \$d£ l i^Sv n . Ved ~~ thfK . 26 ° "y* 1 tolej, Jdd ordinarily at sec a pair- m _ 8~d /or to-dar onlr. We bare 900 ot J
I > Si- UUC Cu! P :d . ors » . cn tiecial .ale Friday only, per pair. 17 C *f« »««-»» La« Otwofcn, In a ranety J
% £Sfrfe A<?ih\ xtrj latest de«jgn, highly /,/,«Vc //v*- cAr cf p easng patterns, Fnday'i ipecjal tf% «J
i §5 il$mjA M arcd wi:h y^ v y 6ti ? Ied J P ' or 5 0C - p"« V 12c •!
»>* brivVZTv g°U decoration, made to - _ ;; __ •!
i 8eU ftr 5° c «ch_you Groceries To-Day. "¦«•••«¦«- t>i <?«#« #»# \
Jf can buy them, ;•-£; p.our— Our Emporium brand, O 33 COT J
» to-day enly at mf&G \cps ox*-*? every tack guaranteed, none #.» *//#»«' Shnf»4£- "1
1 # //• *fr\ k A "" ¦¦¦•• 9mmM^^9 \
\ 3':-'-^ '¦'"-' I .nnnn *¦*! , 1 _s>^_ Tfce. balance ef t\rrr *- 1
tfrtPvR/fjte to-day only, *" \ , , c f>— . "<
» • «i nKS*nll!l. per ia-k M %9%9 linei of poiru.ar strlei JtE-7 j
i Liquor Specials* '|Si__r s«!mcn-.GwV P mk A'aska * jdi "' high-grade rjj mi i
f. Zinfandel-A choice table wine-to-day only, !____£ -to-day, tin.. . . Sc *%*'. *^f^ , lfe^fet=^ J
l^^^'^-^ Qj^SSSfe L^??tS*PW
f Rock ;nd-Rye-6^taUizeV,\hebesVmon!j Kiwpplc^Jcrf Singapore, 3
S can buy, rtgularlv 95c a bott'e-special to- 3 -lb tins-to^y 3 tins 5V>C o 'lose out th. smaJ JSlffl 3
day only . 75o Co.ftC-Good, family blend, lb 25c q( <g$%f ** \
; [ ' ~ ~ i Button Shoes, some y
i 5 Great Cloak Dep't Specials
i To-Day and To-Morrow Only. _ -^-^ :- -^^ *££ ,
In addition to the 6oc on the dollar wrapper sale, which mannish _*, 9 }
I ends to-morrow night, these five great specials also a m £-^^4Z^£dlIc : :
* for to-day and until closing time Saturday. shoes, w«h louu xv h ;e !s, K ga!_i y J5.00 3
i $10.00, $12.50 and $!5.00 Jackets $6.95-Thij is a very large lot of a pair, special for the two days Off j
S ti£M£h light rnd heavy weight Jackets, all rilk lined »nl all gcoi styl-s— aU gJ>JJ .
5 r$is!$£fim colors and aU sizes and fine quality. Have been $i°, -*».-•£ _. „ «
f $Fw * I2 -5° and * { <; - 00 ' and scm: wrrc evcn hiehcr; £pc " _F©o S3 Infant's Can and l
»>* 5 m cal Friday and Saturday only... mammj^mmm «y w«f# «.<**»
k* Vz^JJ^ $ 225 Wocl Wa!st > $>.35— Heavy AU-Wool • Jg^. GOSit SpSGMal.
fcf Waists, lined throughout, 6 rows of narrow black ffTT^SS5t > „ i. r- j < -j l
$ (C-tSr\^-^ ba>e teen $15.00 to J20.00 rt y^^Jf -. •-«,*»«, ~ \
K «ch. Oa special sale Fri-^|iJ ffjQ JK , \ SpCCIBl SaSC Of
ft cay and Saturday on'y .*¥*" •*»¦» *bW%bV . . O fmmmm4-*Sm* O<<«f<r><->
_ $5.00. $7.50 and $10.00 Short Skirts $2.75 — A grrat lot of Rainy-Day ' * m^UWWaMn &WMSS*
X Skhtf, fin: cnes, in black, g:ay, brown, plain anti plaid backs that have '7^3 To- day only — 3CO prds very fine quality of'
J, bten $5.00, 57.50 and|io.oo. On'spccial sale Friday and Saturday only.^J-W* # ••* | -6-inch Curtain Swus, in ten .pleniid pat- ]
*? $2.75 Fancy Petticoats $1.48 — Mercerized Sateen Pelticoats, all good co'ors and black, wic*e terns, fjr bedroom curuins, sath curtains, ,
K accordson plaited ruffle finishei at edge with plain bind, and ruffle is , •. Tan:y work, bureau set, etc., an excellent .
6 lined, a really gr:at skirt, regularly $2.75. On special sale Friday and Satur- <ff 4 £BQ I2^c grade; the spscul sa'c price, --«
t£ dayeny... ! "F * m^** per yard ; MUG
si : :
I These Unsurpassed Offerings in the Men's
I Departments Are for Friday and Saturday.
* ¦ gL S^ fi5 Short Lot Sale Men's f^ rtfc
£ '^1 >^ J2£, Clothing Underwear H_1W r'J
% M^mSM, Sale. and Hosiery. . Mfkfflk\
% > H\ AllElM nV\ Gieat bargains in Men's The balance cf ihe X^^KBaBS\
_ / \ W Wr&* «*-Boy' ciothbg now.- big Webster StocK, §MMwM&m\
I \efMlli broken or .hor^^ of of wh|ch we S >» W»M)
I ' Mu/ y a 1 styles otth,s' season', , 6 d mQre hTst\
>f I 11" cloth'ng marked to close , , :iL*fil
If h V but " at oncc at P riccs ' 7 00 " czen P leces at a ;:!™l
g / 3 vhlch cannot *>2 duplicated when these very large discount from ||!ftu| '
g ITTTu goods ar= gone. • .' regular wholesale prices. If $fm\
% |] I \\\ Men's J12.50 sack suits now.. 58.95 y O u zte already supplied .Ml I
* Men's $. 7 . S o and $«s.co Suits now ..$13.75 J {h Hosierv and Under- L " :U1 '" !
* Men's * 3 o.oo and $35.00 Kersey Orercoat, now........ $1685 Wllil "° b .|. y * U " UHUtTI
S Men's ij.ooAii-wo:! pants now $f. 6 5 wear.it will pay you well, at these
&; Boys' 13.00 Reefer coats now $1.89 price?, to buy for another season.
t? Boys' I3.95 Vestee Suts now $2» 43 J-rse/ RiKei Form Fitting Underwear, per garment 39O
K Boj-s' and $6.00 Vestee Suitj now $3*35 f 1.50 Silk Fksced Underwear, per garmen\ 83O
it Boys' f 10.00 Long Pants Suits now $6*98 Men ' s Natnr - d Woo! Unierwear, per garment 77O
*" d 1. 1 * t R«»,.' u.'ih K X, Y <!f,, ,n^ \f n rW. v ;.« » Camel's Ha!r Underwear, sofc fleecy woo!, per garment 77O
jf Broken Lots of Boys Wa.sts— K. & E., Star and Mother s Fnen J, { Vndeiw „ g^^ 77o
g sizes xo to is year,, regularly 75 c and 95 c-cut to 3 3O Gl a$ tonbury UnderW M r,^r garment , 77O
jl . ; — — . Handsome Vicuna Merino Underwear, per garment $1*1 0
Jf _*-—#*» *»#¦#*-»»••» _@E_s. f 1. 50 Natural Wool Undeiwear, per garment $1m1O
8? Oaie OF Ir«*f72»« Web-.ter's High Grade Half Hcse -Manu'actured t3 s-U at 35c pair,
% The balance of a manufacturer's stock of Men's f^^B^ fancy stripsi Balbriggans, mer:eriz:d cotton, fancy wool
fc' and Boys' Golf Caps in fancy mixtures, I _y C^ «ocks, natural uniyel jocks, etc., all marlceJ now at E*Q{+
l plaids, plain blue and black; excellent *S<^L^ Srjj^ W$*ffilM&i&^^
J, caps; rr.aie of good materials and well Lned— • pair, fancy Ba'.briggans, seamlesi natural wool, camel's
ft 1 will b: on special sale Friday and Saturday only, tach 0£?,#» ha'r jocks, etc., all no-.v marked a: the unif-rm sale fbtZm
K 'Wlr p nce 2 pairs -*•*€?
COMPANY ? S EXTRACT
of Beef simplifies sick room
cooker}-. A cup of rich beef
tea in a minute, before the
invalid's fancy foi food has
passed away.
Tfce pectsine always fj\ 1 1 i.^"" _i __^»
bears this a^iiature Ji**^'^' * jg *'*y **^
la blue:. y ; &f
TVben Pro?. Mur.ycn say* h'.s RHEUMATISM
CUKE will cure rheumatism there len't any
futitwork about U— there '.tr.'t any false state-
ment about It. It cures without leaving any
111 effects. It is a splendid Etomach and nerve
trr;lc. ca ¦well as a positive cure for rheuma-
tlRO. •
AJl the Jlur.yra reme4te» ar^ lust a« re'!abl»».
25c v!aj. TT.e Guile to Health is free. Man-
yen. Neve York and I'hllailelp'nla.-
MUKYOiTS INHALER CURES CATARRH.
W'HEX TOU AKD TIRED OF BEINO
»» bumbucccd and ppecdlcs largo eume of
tnoaey with r!:ysklans who give no relief, you
»!]1 at la?t. If you desire a cure, bs oblJjrea to
•cti tb« VITAL RI-;?T<JltATIVE treatment,
which is the cr.'.y reman cure ior vrei'seninx
Sralns. Jo*t power and physical decay.
«~a!i cr writs, for t.ook of ni>ecial advice: also
FJir.B THIAf., W)TTl.K, and be oonvlnced. AU-
firtss DB. COOPER * OO.. 311 Kfarr.y*L. S.F.
p-^^ *^i r »» *^fc -^^^-<v
Avit2« OR JORDAN'S grcat*
Skuseum of aratomy#
§ C_J i5aiasrKcr.tet.ftt«fiu5jr.aai
W Q" T**' '- eT T ei ? Ao«toaical Maseum in rt>« T
A 'JL World. V.e_uer.n» ut i:iy contrttted <8
f 7 t l *i • & t bixaUUt c« tU. CutMi. Est. 36 yoaiv ¥>
A fl&lfSk Oft. •'C3i)A?:- -FRi'rtTE DISEASES tf
hfTty^S CoJ«nlt«ioa trer. end rtri-t'j pri»i^
W 6 ff W El itt.T.tt Vwrt in t\ cry case csderuken. '
1 & if tlJS. Wn«forIlnok.Pnil-0«Oi»ajlf«r, 1
0 il' ft !|T C»HUliO«-.. KIAILSO FBZS. !A'
X _ /L ' *aiu»Me Uaok foi tsinl .
V OU JUBDASAC9.. 1331 Market St.. & F.
BAJA CALIFORNIA.
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVIGOHA-
1 tor and Nervine. '
The most wonderful ephroilslac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Orcana, for both sexes.
The Mexican Itexnedy for Diseases of the Kld-
g.oys and IJladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABEU. AL.FS & BRUNE, Amenta.
ta Market tt., S. r.— (Send for Circulars.)
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EMPOBIT7M.
THE EMPOBIUBL
' I'HK ZMPCRTCTMLThe Beason la now. on at full . tide. American
and European '. plans. , Best 1 of , everything, •; In
cluding the character of entertainment. Apply
4 Kew Montgomery St., city, for special ticket.
At Hotel Del Coronado
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— I* T. Brad
ford of Los Angeles is at the St. James;
G.W.Hlnkel' and wife of San Francisco
are at the Metropolitan; Mrs. and Miss
Huntlngton of San Francisco are at th«
Shoreham.
CAIiirCENIANS IN WASHINGTON
NEW : 'TORK, Jan. SI.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From San
Francisco— H. H. Allen Is at the Imperial;
L. Brown is at : the Grand Union; E. C.
Bryan Is at the Savoy: HT G. Wolfe la at
the Cadillac; C. E. Davles is at the Grand
Union; Mrs. A. B. Higgins is at the Am
sterdam; Miss E. Lucas i3 at the Herald
*~!( 1 1 j'i y*f> . .
• From L<os Angeles— D. Brownstein is at
the Cadillac; I* F. Scott is at the Astor.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
•A Russian traveler who was recently in our midst
says that we must do something to stimulate and in
crease our trade with Siberia. ' If we do it is safe to
say that we will show no particular inclination to
make our social relations closer. Our Siberian
friends have made in China altogether too spectacu
lar a record in war. .
Gold, it is said, has been discovered in the neighbor
hood of Pikes Peak. In a very short time, therefore,
we probably will be able with propriety to change the
expression, "To Pikes Peak or bust," to another—
"Pikes Peak and bust."
The fact that San Francisco merchants and manu
facturers will have to organize and fight for Oriental
trade may in the end prove to be a blessing. It is
not always an advantage to obtain a thing without
having to exert every faculty and energy to get it.
The local thief who stole $500 in groceries is rea
sonably safe in predicting that, if convicted, he will
not be assigned to the : commissary's department at
San Quentin. He is altogether too proficient for the
place. • .' . ,'.: v
Lawrence C. Phlpps, vice president and
treasurer of tho Carnegie Steel Works
at PittsbUTg, Pa., arrived at the Palace
yesterday, being accompanied by his two
children and Miss E. \ M. MacWilliams
and Miss N. . Darbyshlre.
Martin Conrad of Chicago, president of
tho Illinois State Board of Agriculture,
and Judge Alfred S. Hartwoll of Hono
lulu, who has just returned from an ex
tended Eastern trip, arrived -at the Occi
dental last night.
Stephen E. Hartnell and W. H. Hunt,
merchants of Detroit and Cleveland, re
spectively, are at the Palace.
W. H. Snedaker, general agent of the
Illinois Central in this city, has returned
from the southern part of the State. n
Colonel George Macfarlane, a promi
nent Honolulu capitalist, is a late arrival
at the California. Mr. Macfarlane was
Chamberlain to the last King of Hawaii.
Ho is financially interested in the Cali
fornia Hotel. v
E. H. Melville, general agent of the Pa
cific Navigation Company, is stopping at
the Occidental.
C. W. Roane of the Bernle Papeterle
Company of Springfield, Mass., Is at the
Palace.
II. A. Jastro, chairman of the Board of
Supervisors in Bakersfield, Is at the
Grand.
W. F. Guion, an Omaha lumber man, Is
registered at the Occidental with his wife.
W. S. Bralnard, a Toledo, O., merchant,
Is at the Palace.
Captain A. H. Payson is down with the
grip at his San Mateo home.
A. C. Lovekln, a prominent Honolulu
property-owner, is at the Palace.
Thomas Davl3 and wife of Idaho are at
the-Occidental. Mr. Davis Is a banker.
PERSONAL MENTION.
PEDRO SANCHO.— An Oak!and corre
spondent takes issue with this department
In regard to an answer about pedro san
cho. The answer given was on the judg
ment of a number of old-time and con
tinuous sancho players, who declared that
whether nine or five counts first in a gam»
depends upon the understanding had be
tween players in the tame and that in
San Francisco the general rule is to count
as the answer stated. In Oakland there
may be a different rule. The latest edi
tion of Hoyle says: "In pedro sancho th«
five and nine of trumps count their pin
value, bo that eighteen points can be and
are made in one deal: one each for high
low, jack and game and fourteen for the
nine and five of trumps. These two trump
cards have no special rank. Tha ten
would win the nine and the six will take
the five."
ROYAL. CASINO— H., City. I- royal ca
sino the three court cards, 0 king:, queen
and jack, have a pip value and may be
used in combining or building. In the or
dinary game they can be used only in
pairs. The, jack is worth eleven, the
queen twelve . and the kinc thirteen, so
that a nine arid two can be taken with a
jack, or a six and four and three with a
klngr. In the same manner a aueei! will
win a jack and ace or a kinc will win a
jack and deuce. This department has not
been able to discover any rule by which
the ace counts fourteen.
HER FAMILY NAME— R. K., Wood
land, Cal. Royal families drop their fam
ily names and cannot in reality be «ald
to have any. The late Queen Victoria
belonged to the Hanover family and her
name, if she can be said to have any
aside from her title, was Guelph. Princes
of the royal blood are christened and mar
ried by their titles only, and their family
names become, by Intermarriage, extinct.
MEXICAN ANTIQUITIES— M., San
Jose, Cal. A set of "The Mexican An
tiquities," by Moves. 1S31. if in good con
dition and with colored plates, has a mar
ket value of. $300, that is what dealers
would charge for the same. If without
colored plates and in good condition, tho
price would be about 25 per cent les<»
DOUBLE PEDRO— A. C. R,, Salinas,
Cal. If in a double game of pedro A and
B, partners, have twelve to go and C ani
D, their opponents, have two to go, A and
B buy for twelve and make their point3
and C and D hold high and low, C and D
go out first, as the rule is high, low. Jack
game and pedro.
CASHIER— O. S., City. To answer the
Question, "What is necessary besides an
ordinary education to become a cashier?"
it would be necessary Itor the correspond
entjto describe what kind of a cashier.
AN AUTHOR WXNTED-A, K.. City.
This correspondent wants to know the
name of the author of: - -
God slept: spheres, planets rolled into place.
God awoke: His smile Illumined space.
BACK DATE-O. S. T. C. City. New
Year's day. 1895, fell on a Tuesday. Feb
ruary of that year had but twenty-eight
days.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Wife— We have been In this neighbor
hood now for six months and no one has
called.
Husband— Well, what are you eolnic to
do about It? . . . . . . .
"I don't know but we shall have to DUt
in a telephone."— Detroit Free Press.
"This won't do," exclaimed Mr. Phamll
man. "Here It's after midnight and that
young: man and Maude are still in the par
lor."
"How do you know?" Inquired airs
Phamllman.
"Because I don't hear a sound fioira
there."— Philadelphia Press.
"Amy is so modest she blushes every
time she goes out of doors."
"Why, what chocks her— th© bare limbs
of the trees?"
"No: the weather strips, you know**— .
Philadelphia Bulletin.
"Ever notice." asked th» Confed phil
osopher, "that when a man wants to make
you think he is speaking from tho bottom
of his heart he speaks at the top of his
voice?"— Indianapolis Free Press.
"This wireless telegraphy . reminds ma
of a groundless quarrel."
"What possible connection ta there be~
tween the two?"
"It's practically having word* ©ve»
nothing."— Philadelphia Times.
A CHA1TCE TO gTVrTT.T*
It now remains to be seen what the Mayor will do.
If he desires to support the gamblers he must come
out openly atid make the fight with them for the re
opening of Ingleside. He can no longer hope to get
the Legislature to pull the chestnuts out of the fire
for him. He has openly broken many a pledge made
during his campaign, and perhaps he may yet be bold
enough to break those he made so often during the
first fight against the gamblers. Should he do so, the
public will know exactly how to meet him. If he have
not the courage to make that sojt of a fight he will
have t» abandon the cause. It is evident the Legisla
ture will not help him. '
The action of the Senate 'committee exposes the
futility of Mayor Phelan's attempt to dodge the issue
raised by the effort to provide for reopening of Ingle
side track with its gambling accompaniments. He
sought to shift the responsibility from himself to the
State Legislature. Had the Belshaw bill been ap
proved and enacted, there would have been a speedy
way found for reopening higleside, and the Mayor
would have given his sanction under the pretense of
compliance with the State law. In that way, while
helping the track gamblers, he would have made a
show of some sort of fidelity to his pledges, and might
possibfy have deceived a considerable number of
credulous people. As the. matter stands he has made
his dodge in vain. The Senate has refused to act as
a buffer for him. The issue returns to this city, and
the Mayor must declare himself on one side or the
other.
The objections to the bill were based upon the
valid ground that legislation of that kind ought to be |
left to local legislative bodies, that each community \
should have the right to determine for itself whether I
or no it would permit racing with pool-selling and
bookmaking or other gambling privileges within Us
limits. There can be no question of the soundness of
that view. San Francjsco has disposed of the whole
subject in accord with the will of an overwhelming
majority of her people, and other counties where track
gambling of any kind has proven to be a curse to the.
community can readily follow the example.
AS was reported in The Call yesterday, the Bel- i
Shaw, anti-poolroom bill was on Wednesday I
almost unanimously condemned by the Senate !
Committee on Corporations, to which it had been re
ferred. After a long and full consideration of the
measure the committee decided by a vote of seven to
one to report it with a recommendation that it do not
pass. i
PHELAN'S FUTILE DODGE.
"In this day of almost universal extradition treaties," said an old Federal
official to a New Orleans Times-Democrat reporter, "it is next to Impossible
for a fugitive from justice to find a spot beyond the reach of a warrant.
But only a few years ago there were plenty of places of refuge, and the officers
us=ed to have some peculiar experieices In trying to decoy shy blrda'over the
danger line. One of the funniest things of that kind that ever happened took
place at Niagara Falls, when Canada was still a haven for embezzlers. A
white line across the middle of the old suspension bridge was supposed to in
dicate the boundary between the two countries, and the bank looters who
had taken up their residence on the other side seemed moved by some Irre
sistible fascination to stroll -frequently in that direction. They would come
as near as possible to the fatal mark, and more than one foolhardy Individ-,
ual has been yanked across by detectives who -were lurking on the other
side. However, to get to my story, one of the runaway colony at the tlma
I have in mind was a man named Patterson, who had been president of a big
bank somewhere in the Northwest "and who had finally decamped with all
•the visible assets. The victims of the defalcation were unusually sore. and.
instead of letting the case drop as hopeless when the fugitive reached Cana
dian soil, they quietly raised a purse for expense money, hired a couple of
the best detectives they could find and told them to bring Patterson back by
hook or crook, if it took them ten years to do it. The detectives put their
hf>ads together and a month or bo later they suddenly turned up on the
Canadian side in the role of two runaway cashiers. Their idea, of course, was
to get acquainted with their man, win his confidence and then watch for a
chance to kidnap him across. The first part of the programme was not espe
cially difficult, • and the three were soon on excellent terms. The detectives
told Patterson a cock and bull story about their supposed , embezzlements, to
which he responded with some confidences of ids own, and their Intimacy
grew with pleasing rapidity. Like most of the other exiles, the trio frequent
ly strolled down to the bridge and peered wistfully toward home over the
white line. Of course the detectives didn't dare to rush their man across when
there was anybody in sight to Inform against them for kidnaping, but one
night they proposed a stroll to the river, wnen as luck would have it the
bridge was completely deserted. They sauntered up the footway and sat
down on a ledge at the side, quite near the line. -The sleuths glanced around
stealthily, saw that the coast was clear, and closed in suddenly from each
side. 'The jig'a up, Patterson!' said one of them, seizing- him by his lapels;
'we're sorry to do it, old man, but we'll have to take you across!' 'In that
case you'll have to take the bridge, too,' he replied calmly, and pointed to
his left wrist. It was handcuffed to one of the big steel suspension strands.
'I did mat little trick as we sat down,' he continued, 'and took the precau
tion to drop the key in the river. The fact is, boys, I've been on to you for
several weeks, and 1 couldn't resist the temptation of giving you a little sur->
prise before I let you go. I've been carrying these handcuffs for just such an
emergency every time we took a walk.' 'Thunderation!' groaned one of the
officers; 'run for a file!' 'It would take you an hour to file those links,' said
Patterson blandly, 'and a watchman passes every twenty minutes. You'd
better run for cover.' The sleuths 'looked at each other, swore fluently and"
disappeared on the American side. The man who told me the story," added
the old officer, "insists that Patterson then extracted a duplicate key from
his vest pocket, unlocked the cuffs and strolled home, whistling 'Annie
Laurie.' "
They Had Trapped Him.
FUGITIVE FOOLS DETECTIVES.
Laughs at Two Hawkshaws Who Thought
It would be interesting to know how many per
sonal ambitiojK enter into the strenuous and some
what palpable jugglery of Sacramento statesmen to
make a puzzle picture of the map of California in the
Congressional reapportionment. And still we have
had some politicians who could win success every
where except at the polls.
Cr^ieriTAL FREIGHT RATES.
r\ N Associated Press dispatch of yesterday from
/ \ Kew York reports that considerable interest
is being shown in that city over the publication
in The Call of the injustice done to San Francisco by
the transcontinental reads in making freight rates to
the Orient which discriminate against this city in fi
vor of New York, St. Louis and Chicago. The dis
patch went on 10 say: "Vice President Hawley of
the Southern Pacific Company when questioned to
day denied that any discrimination against San Fran
cisco was being practiced br that road. The matter
of naming lower through rate;; in connection with the
ocean steamship lines was, he said, an old one, anu
there had been no new developments to bring the
subject into special' prominence." "
After such a statement from the vice president of
the Southern Pacific road there is nothing for The
Call to do but to repeat its original charge with the
evidence to support it. The '"new development" which
brought the subject into special prominence at this
time and led to the statements of The Call was the
issuing by the transportation companies of a docu
ment known as schedule F to supersede schedule E.
When first issued the effect of the new schedule was
not clearly understood here, but it was understood in
the East, and exporters from New York, Chicago and
St. Louis were prompt to take advantage of it. The
railroads themselves, in fact, began drumming up
trade from the Eastern cities to the Orient, and, as
The Call pointed out at the time, Eastern goods
"have been taken in such quantities that when the
Peking was in port before its last trip to the Orient
San Francisco people were notified that no freight
from San Francisco shippers would be received for'
that trip."
It happened that at the time large orders from the
Orient had been received in this city, and the goods
were awaiting shipment, but owing to the discrimina
tions in favor of Eastern goods the San Francisco
merchants were compelled to disappoint their
oriental customer?.
The new schedule went into effect December 1.
I9oo. v It applies to freights to Yokohama, Kobe, Nag
asaki, Shanghai and Hongkong. It gives on canned
Roods a rate of 90 cents to the Orient from all East
ern points, while the rate on the same goods from the
Ea?t tn San Francisco rs $1, and the rate from thi?
city to the Orient is 40 cents, making the total rate
for San Francisco shipments $1 40 against the 90 cent
1 ate given to the Eastern exporters. Other articles
of export are rated in similar proportions, so that the
schedule, is, in fact, destructive to the commercial in
terests of San Francisco, whether it was so intendei
• It is to be noted that the New Yorkers themselves
do not support Vice President Hawley in his conten
tion that "there has been no new development to
bring the subject into special prominence." The very
dispatch that reported his denial reported also that
New York merchants are complaining that the same
schedule is a discrimination against their trade in the
interests of Chicago, and. furthermore, it confirmed
the statements of The Call by adding: • "A careful
comparison (of the rates of the schedule) shows that
on many commodities the rates from New York to
the Orient are not only much less than the combined
rates from New York to San Francisco and from San
Francisco to th"e Orient, but that they are actually be
low the rates from New York and Chicago to San
Francisco."
President Hays of the Southern Pacific Company,
in responding to the welcome given him by the mem
bers of the, Chamber of Commerce in tKis city, stated
that he would at all times gladty confer with our mer
chants and manufacturers' concerting transportation
problems, and that as far as he could do so
injury to his employers, the stockholders of the road,
he would cordially co-operate with'our merchants and
manufacturers' in advancing the interests of the coast.
The time has come for the merchants and manufac
turers to take him at his word. The existing sched
ule of oriental rates is destructive to the commercial
industries .of the city, and rcsolnte and combined ef
forts should be. made by our people to obtain imme
diate redress
MORE MEN FOr* KITCHENER.
WHILE the people of the Britijh capital are pre
paring for the funeral of the late Queen, and
are considering how best to get the period 'oi
national mourning over before spring so as not to in
terfere with the social festivities of that season and
the sale of colored goods, Lord Kitchener is working
nway in South Africa at the dreary and difficult task
of catching the mobile Boers and putting an end to
the war in time for him to go home and have a share
in the grand ceremonies at the coronation of the
King.
To that end'he is demanding more men and more
horses. The war is one of marches rather than of
battles. The Boer generals manage to score victory
after victory over scattered British dctachment3
simply because they can travel faster than the Brit
ish. To meet the conditions of the problem before
him Kitchener has been for some time past forming
a large force of mounted infantry, and it is not likely
he will undertake any aggressive action until he has
that force thoroughly organized and drilled in the
peculiar tactics the struggle demands.
The war correspondent of the London Times re
cently described the situation by saying: "The truth
is that we have not nearly enough troops out in
South Africa. This may appear a most startling state
ment, but I am convinced it is a true one. When we
marched up to Pretoria we had then only just a suffi
ciency of troops v to guard what we had taken. Since
then we have acquired nearly 800 more miles of rail
way and several more towns. Think for a moment
what the British army has to do in South Africa, and
it will be readily conceded that I am not far from the
truth when I say that we have to furnish from the
ranks of the British army political organizations for
the temporary government of the two new colonies,
municipal police for Pretoria, Johannesburg and
Bloemfontein, a large portion of the staff necessary
for working over 1000 miles of railway, garrisons for
Lbout thirty towns and villages, guards for about forty
bridges, and a long line of defense for the railway, of
which nearly 1800 miles has to be either patrolled or
strongly held. Not a single man thus employed is
available for active operations against the enemy. To
add to these burdens already borne by the army the
Orange River drifts have been held and the line of
fortified posts between Thabanchu and Ladybrand."
Dewet has made a fight that deserves success, but,
unfortunately for him, he is opposed by an empire
of almost exhaust) ess resources. The tactics he has
pursued' cannot win against a foe that is able and
willing to pay the cost. As fast as British gold can
purchase them horses will be bought and forwarded
tc Kitchener, nor will there be lacking the men to
make use of them.
The British general is a man who moves slowly. It
took him two years to move down upon the Souda-.
to attack the Mahdi. He constructed a railroad as he
marched, and did not strike until all things were in
readiness. He has evidently adopted the same poliry
in dealing with Dewet. It is not now a question of
railroads, but one of forming an army of mountei
men. As rapidly as possible that army is being
RECENT RAMPAGES OF MRS. CARRIE NATION AND HER LADY SYM
PATHIZERS IN BLEEDING KANSAS HAVE CALLED FORTH THIS
PICTURE FROM THE PHILADELPHIA NORTH AMERICAN. *
gir»"~i^^e. : '<g»aU_
FRIDAY. ....." .FEBRUARY 1, 1001
• JOHN D. SFRECKBLS, Proprietor.
AiintM All Csitmsciestioat tt W. t. LEASE, K*n*ger.
Ha.v**5KK*fc .OFFICE.. .I'.... Telephone Prrmi 2*4
¦LUUCATIO.V OFFICE. . ,MnrU*t and Third. S. K.
¦ ' Telephone Press 201.
C 17 1 TO DIAL BOOMS 2ir to 22t. SterenaoB St.
Telephone Pi-en's 202.
—————— ' x
Df»Ti>r»J W» rnrrl<r>. IB Ci>nf« Per 'Weefc.
fftnirle Copfeo. O Cent*.
T»rm« l»r Mall. Including Poatairet
TA.HT CAX.fi fihelo<J!nr 8unflay). one rw 4«.M
DAII.T CALL. riDelodlnr Bandar). « month*,..... i.M
DXTL.T CALL, (lnclnamr Sunday). Z znonthm-.. ................ l.M
DAH.T CALJ — By eingle Month..'. «e
KCXDAT CAU* On« Tear l.»
WEEKX.T CALU On» Tear ¦ ...., I.*
AH postmaster* ar«> nn<harlzed to receive .
¦nbuprlptfonii.
6*mpl« «p!et trill be forwarded -rben resetted.
Mail ru*>cerfh»r~ in erd»r4n»r *-hanr» of n44~« «hnnld >•
partteolar to ri™ both KEW AKX> cm ADDRESS In ord-r
*o secure a prempt «qd correct compliance with ttelr request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadvray
C, CEOUtii: KJtOGVESSf. ¦
STinrrr Foreign Adrtrtisiag, Karjtette Bdlding, Chicigj,
(Lcrc Ws<anc* Telephone "Central :«!.">
KKW TOEK CORRESPONDENTS
«i C CARLTO.V Herald Square
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
fTEPHEX U. SMITH 3t> Tribune Bolldlnir
KEW TORK NEWS 6TAXD8:
WaJficrf-Artorln. HcteJ; A. Brentaao, & Union Sqium:
Murray BUI HcteL .
CHICAGO NEWS ETAXDS:
Efcennan Boom; P. O. News Co.; Great Norttrra Hotel;
Fremont Uccse; Asiitaiaa Hotel
WASHl\CTO?f <T». C> OFFICE. . - .1<O(I ti St^ If. W.
BOUTOS K. CRASE. Correspondent. -
BltASCR OFFICES — HI Montgomery, mrp'r «if Hay. ep»n
vtoV.l *:» o" clock. 500 Hayes, open nntll »-J» o'clock. 6»
*tl fllilalw. open tmtM «:S0 o'clock. €15 Larkin. open un'l!
t:CO «• clock. 1MI Ulssten. cp«n until 10 o'clock. JM1 Market.
«TEer Sixteenth, open uatll 9 o'-clock. .1CJC Valencia, opes
trttl * c"clock. lOt Eleventh, cpen until 3 o'clock. NW. cor
*•*" Twerty-second and Kentucky, open tmtll 9 o'clock.
There is but one thing more to be said. The inves- j
tigation must be comprehensive. It should include :
the whole subject of the relations of the police authori. j
ties toward the gamblers of the city. There is no i
reason why the examination should be confined to j
Chinatown. Let the investigation be thorough. ¦
tive. The citizens of San Francisco will welcome the :
committee appointed to perform the work. If the i
police authorities be not guilty, it is but right they \
should be freed from the'eharges made against them. !
If any of them be guilty steps should be taken to have j
him brought to answer for the offense.
It is clearly a duty of the State as well as of the j
city authorities to investigate charges of offenses such i
as these, and since in this instance an investigation by !
the municipal government is not to be expected, the i
duty of the*Xegislature to make one becomes impera- j
Under ftie terms of that statute the police authori
ties, if they have permitted gambling to be carried on
upon the payment of money, have been guilty of a '
felony, whether any of the sums so received have been j
converted to their own use or not. ¦ !
„ The charges have been made specifically and openly.
It has been stated that there will be no lack of testi
mony,. to prove that there exists a "corrupt bargain"
between "the Police Department and the criminals
of Chinatown"; that it will be possible to show
"even more than moral proof that of the $2000 a week
collected for the protection of gambling in China
town a large part finds its way into the pockets of
people not unconnected with the Police Department."
Charges of such a definite and specific nature, made
publicly, are not to be ignored. It is a matter that
concerns the Legislature, for if the charges be true a
State law has been violated. Section 337 of the Penal
Code says: "Every State, county, city, city and
county, town or township officer, or other person,
who shall ask for, receive collect any money or
other valuable consideration, either for his own or
the public use, for and'with the understanding that he
will aid, exempt or otherwise assist any person from
arrest or conviction for a violation of section 330 of
the Penal Code (prohibiting gambling games), or who
shall issue, deliver or cause to be given or delivered
to any person or persons any license, permit or other
privilege, giving or pretending to give any authority
or right to any person or persons to carry on, conduct,
open or cause to be opened, any game or games which
are forbidden or prohibited by section 330 * * "*
is guilty of a felony."
BY the action of the Legislature in appointing a
committee to investigate charges made againsl
the police authorities of this city in relation to
their dealings with the" proprietors of gambling houses
and other violators of the law an opportunity will be
afforded the people of learning the truth concerning
matters of grave importance to the public. For that
reason there will be general gratification with the ap •
pointment of the committee, and the gratification will
be increased if the committee prosecutes its work
with thoroughness and impartiality.
A NEEDED. INVESTIGATION.
The Death Penalty.
The lawmakers must deal with condi
tions as they are— not with conditions
that might exist in an ideal word. I Tnero
are crimes which the public conscience
declares- merit punishment by death, and
when punishment by death is not pro
vided by law it will be inflicted outside
the law and with disorders which reflect
discredit upon the law. The mature opin
ion of the News Is that the death penalty
should be restored in this State, the fixing
of the punishment— whether death or Im
prisonment — beln« left in the. hands of the
jury- No jury will take the responsibility
of naming the death penalty unless the
crime is of a nature which outrages every
instinct of humanity.— L>enver News.
John Xi. and. Edward VXL.
John L. Sullivan regards Edward VTI
as a monarch who ought to be given a
chance to show what he can do before
anybody condemns him. ¦ He says that ha
knows Wales, all right, all right, and will
criticize him freely when he sees what
?ort of a reign he Is going to give to Great
Britain. He does not know whether Ed
ward will lose his Interest in sports, now
that he has become King. "Ho ain't go
fng to be euch a hot monarch as he might
have been when he met me, that's sure,"
say? Mr. Sullivan. "He's been getting
cut of the swin right along for some
years. Still, he may do something for the
profession. He has a first-class chance.
All no's got to do is to set the example
and sit in a box at the big mills and the
rest'll be easy. He may do thut. What's
the use of being too hard on him before
he has a chance to show himself? There's
something about a King that catches tho
gang. If he takes an interest in things
the mob'll cough up, too. They don't
say to themselves he's Just an ordinary
guy living on Easy street. They forgit
it. But I don't Why, I wouldn't £iV9
that belt for Wales' new crown and all
the other crowns ever made."VMr. Hull!
van says that he won the belt mmself as
a token of gratitude from tho American,
people for something that he had done,
while the crown which Wales now wears
is his "Just because his folks have- had it
in the family, and 'It Is up to him to put
it on." But as to Edward VII doing
something for the profession, we greatly
fear that Mr. Sullivan has no good
ground for hopes. Much as he would
like to, we do not believe that Edward
VII will ever be seen at any more big
mills.— Syracuse Post-Standard.
A Strong Dreibund.
There has been comment on the fact
that with Kdward VII on the throne.
Kngland, Germany and Russia shou.il
make a strongly knit trio controlling tho
greater part of Europe. It is not at once
clear why thl3 triple alliance should bo
any stronger with the uncle of the Ger
man Emperor and the Czar or Russia on
the English throne than it was when that
throne was occupied by the grandmother
of the two monarchs.— Utica Observer.
Napoleon as a Prophet. \
The further we get away from Napo
leon the greater man he appears to have
been, not upon the theory "that distance
lends enchantment to the view, but
simply from the fact that time is develop
ing the motives that actuated the man.
Touching the ceding of Louisiana to this
country, he said: "To deliver the nations
from the commercial tyranny of England
we must balance her by a maritime
power which will one day become her
rival: this Is the United States."— St.
Louis Star.
Uangerous Theorists.
Theorists like the Wisconsin doctor.
who rubbed smallpox virus all over him
self and then mingled freely with his
family and the public by way of showing
his contempt for prevailing ideas, are
about as dangerous In a community as a
wild beast who practically holds that ob
jection to human flesh as a fowl la men*
prejudice. A man has no right to Indulgo
his own opinions in the face of experience
when this indulgence means serious dan
ger to his fellow-beings. Such a theorist
should be restrained no less than tho man
who holds the less perilous doctrine that
his neighbor's property is his own to an
nex if he can.— Baltimore American.
Mrs. Nation and the Creeks.
As Mrs. Xation and the Creek Indian*
are both on the warpath, why not faring
the belligerents into Juxtaposition and lee
the country see somethins more exluia
ratins than a mere football game?—^asn
vllle American.
Journalistic Amenities in Zion.
"Tho crawling creature of, th© News,"
says the Salt Lake City Tribune, he of
the woirs forehead and sheeps heart.
raised his coyote howl last evening In re
sponse to the charge that the church was
considering a proposition to sell a Sena
torship. and said." etc. "W e infer that
the campaign is becoming warm in Salt
Lake City.— Chicago Tribune.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
ests that their government shall not decline to the
turbulence and instability of Hayti, where President
Simon Sam's relations with a French milliner nearly
precipitated a domestic revolution and a foreign war,
or of San Domingo, where assassination is employed
to effect a change in the administration.
Xor is it desirable that commercially the island
shall fall to the low plane of Jamaica. <&
Cuba under proper tutelage may, by and by, ex
hibit a condition of progress and prosperity that will
make her the leader, by example, to guide Hayti and
San Domingo to a better way than they have follower!
since they received their misused independence. It i*
even possible that some of the nations of Central and
South America may in the future go to Cuba, study
her way and be wiser Governments than they are now.
. The United States should go "as far as our plighted
word permits in starting Cuba toward a position of
such importance to herself and her neighbors.
THE reported proposition of the Cabinet to
exercise the powers of limitation upon Cuba in
three particulars is* not of a nature to rouse any
apprehension that our pledges will not be kept.
It is proposed, -in the first place, to undertake that
Cuba shall not become embroiled in such a foreign
war as might involve her conquest by a European
power, in violation of the Monroe doctrine. This will
mean the continual tender of our good offices to ar
mnge by diplomacy any burning issue that may arise
between the new republic and any of the great powers
of Europe. As, under fhe Monroe doctrine, we would
have the righ$ to intervene at the close of such a war.
providd it .closed, as would probably be the case, to
the disadvantage of Cuba, to prevent the assertion
by right of conquest to. sovereignty of her soil, much
trouble may be avoided by reserving the right to inter
vene before such a war with such a probable outcome
is undertaken by the peppery island. This limitation
of the war power will conduce to the welfare of the
people, since it will turn their energies away from
arms to the arts of peace, and will employ them in
developing the economic resources of the island and
in the education and elevation of the people.
The next limitation proposed is that in the making
of commercial treaties the United States shall not be
ignored nor demoted for the benefit of other nations.
France 'made such an arrangement with us in 1778 as
the price of her alliance in our Revolution against
Great Britain. It is true that we violated the French
obligation as soon as we were strong enough to do.
so, and Cuba may do the same with us if she get
strong enough. That contingency, however, does not
make it any less prudent to have such a plain agree
ment now, leaving the future to take care of itself as
to the permanence of the understanding.
The third limitation i-s upon the volume of the for
eign debt Cuba may contract. It will be seen that the
three limitations are interdependent, and all bear upon
issues out of which war and its complications may
come." A foreign debt may easily be the means of
forcing a favorable and exclusive commercial treaty,
and such an exclusive treaty may be the proximate
cause of a foreign war. Therefore the three proposi
tions all merge in one, and its purpose is to preserve
the peace and therefore induce the prosperity of the
island republic
While our interest is hardly secondary to the, Cu
bans' in such a result, yet they need such a policy
nv>re than we, for they are weaker and have not gath
ercd the wisdom of experience in the management of
foreign affairs. %
It is above all things desirable for their own intsr-
• OUR CUBAN RELATIONS.
formed.. JiVhen it.is ready to move we 'shall probably
sec the war ended withjttiat scientific neatness which
is a characteristic of the operations of modern armies
under capable commanders.'
THE SA'N FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1901.
A CYCLONE IN KANSAS
6
ADVESTISEZONTQb
For delicate children without
any real disease, it can be used
with snlendid results.
Well send you 3 little to try, if you da.
SCOTT & COWNE, 409 Pearl street, New Yai. f
V
If the child is sickly, without
appetite, it will nourish and
bridge it over until it can take
its usual food.
Remember a fifty cent bottle
of Scott's Emulsion given in
proper quantities .will last a
baby fifty days; a child six or
seven, thirty days ; and a child
of ten or twelve, twenty days.
It's a N very economical medi«
cine.
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel."
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel building.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery St. Telephone Main 1042. •
Ther" ar© about 30,000,000 acres of un-
cultivated public lands yet remaining in
Montana. -dOMI
AMUSEMENTS.
A!h»tnbra— ••Shooting; the Chutes."
Alcazer— "Al! th» Comforts of Home."
Columbia— "A Midsummer Night's Dr?a:r..
Tivoli— "The Ferwlnff Master."
Centra! Theater— "X Celebrated Case."
California— "Brc-ky Sharp."
Orrfceum— Vaudeville.
Olympia. corner Mascn and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville «very afternoon and
evenlzxc.
Flscfcer>— Vaudeville. -
Metropolitan Ten:r!<* — lecture by Rev. Peter C. Yorke,
Thursday evpcinr. J-Vtmiarj" "•
'fanforan Park— Ro<"e« to-day.FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1.
Sun rises....' .Vl*
Pun sets 5-33
Moon sets .5:29 a m.
—'if- men were like clocks they could all
go. on tlck.-^W^J^JiUMJ-rt^MiAimiiijaaM
presents the wonderful spectacle of 119,441
cases G. H. MUMM'S EXTRA DRY im
ported in 1900, or 79.293 more than any oth
er brand.! The quality now coming to this
market Is remarkably fine. • * :
The Close of the Century
G-erarrl Debney, Lats Master of th.3
Corona, Passes to the My&te- - ;'
rious Realm.
"With. the passing of Captain Gerard
Debney, who died on Tuesday, the
coast 7 loses one of its best known
and most esteemed, mariners and
the Goodall-Perkins corporation a captain
in whom they reposed every confidence.
For some time the death of the captain,
who was more than 63 years old. had been
expected, but this -will not-\lessen the
poignancy of .the grief all who knew him
will feel at his taking off. For the last
two trips the steamer Corona, which was
his latest command,; has known another
hand than his at. the helm, and he -was
compelled at the same time to retire from
active life.- : ~ . ,
Captain Debney leaves surviving him
Inthis city a widow and u sister in Essex
England, which was his birthplace.
AGED SEA CAPTAIN SETS
OUT ON FINAL* VOYAGE
Board of Trade Directors Prepare to
Bj commend That It Shall
Be Abolished.
Collection day In San 'Francisco 'will
again be on trial before the annual meet
ing of the San Francisco Board of Trade
next Monday. The board of directors will
recommend that the members of the
board, so far as they are concerned, shall
dispense with further observance of this
day. The assembled 'merchants will de
cide whether or not they have further
use for the day.
A. A. Watkins, president of the Board
of Trade, favors dolnp away" with collec
tion day. Sanford Bennett, who has
drawn a resolution to give up collection
day, also is opposed to continuing the old
practice. He said last evening that he
had been requested to draw up^a resolu
tion and he had done -so. There was no
substitute proposed for , collection day'.
All that there was to the movement was
to give San Francisco the same general
business system as Eastern cities. The
present collection day is the "steamer
day" of '49.
COLLECTION DAY IS .
ONCE MORE IN PEBIL
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
January 31, 1901. *; "
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., -at nooh of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornlns tides ara given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence' as to time of
day, ' the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs.. The heights" given
aro In addition to the soundlngrs on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus sign (— ) precedes the htlght. and then
the number given is subtracted from "the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
QCEEXSTOWN- Sailed Jan 31— Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool, for New York. .
LIZARD— Passed Jan 31— Stmr L'Aqultalne,
from New York, for Havre. • . ¦
GLASGOW— Arrived .Jan 81— Stmr Buenos
Ayres, from Portland. Me. • • -¦¦*,-*as»a
Sailed Jan 30 — Stmr Llvonlan. • for -Portland,
Me. ¦¦--¦ " '
OCEAN' STEAMERS.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Jan 28— Stmr Newport,
for Panama: stmr Barracouta, for Panama.
! NEWCASTLE. NSW— Arrived Jan 28— Ship
Marlon Chllcot. for Adelaide.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Jan 29— Br stmr Guate
mala, for. San Francisco..
CALETA BUEXA— Sailed Jan 30— Schr Eric,
for Honolulu.
In Dort Dec 2— Br bark Port Carlisle, for
Oregon. ¦: -
DUBLIN— In port Jan 15— Br ship llanydown,
for San Francisco, via Swansea,
COLON— Sailed Jan. 2S— Stmr Advance, for
New York.
SHIELI>S— Sailed Jan 29— Ger bark Llsbeth.
for Santa Rosalia. - ¦.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Jan 31— Jap
Etmr America Maru, hence Dec 20.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Advance,
from Colon.
EASTERN PORTS.
COQUILLE RIVER— Sailed Jan 30-Stmr
Argo, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Jan 30— Stmr Grace
Dollar, for San Francisco; schr Clias E Falk,
for Honolulu.
Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Fulton, hence Jan 25
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan 30— Stmr Victorian, for
Alaska; ship Standard, for San Francisco. I
Arrived Jan 31— Br ship Falkland.- from Ta-
POINT REYES— Passed Jan 31. at 3" p m—
Htmr Robert Dollar, from Seattle, for San
Francisco.
I PORT TOWNSEN'D— Sailed Jan 31-Shlp
Kennebec. for Sydney. .
PORT LOS ANGELES- Sailed Jan 81— Stmr
Whltesborrc. for San Francisco.
EUnEKA— Arrived Jan 31— Stmr W H Kru
ger. hence Jan 29: stmr Lakme, lienee Jan 30.
Sailed Jan 31— Stmr Samoa, for San Fran
cisco: tschr J G Wall, for San Francisco. .
ASTORIA— Sailed Jan 31— Br ship Lucipara,
for Qucenstown.
Arrived Jan 31— Stmr Signal, hence Jan 25.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan 31— Stmr National
City, for San Pedro; stmr Noyo, for San Fran-
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 31—Schr Ivy, for San
Francisco; stmr South Coast, for San Fran
cisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Jan 2. lat 5 N. Ion 29" W— Br ship City of
Benares. . hence Sept 28, for Queenstown.
' Jan 11, lat 4 N, Ion 30 W— Br ship Eurasia,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
SPOKEN
POINT LOBOS. Jan 31, Id p m— Weather
clcudy; wind north, velocity 36 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Thursday, January SL
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Ktmr Alcatrnz, Carlson, .
Stmr Walla Walla.- Hall. Victoria.
Stmr Newburc, Peterson. Grays Harbor.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen. Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood. Fasjerlund, Greenwood.
Stmr Progreso, Monroe, Tacoma.
Stmr Coquille River, Thompson, Grays Har
bor.
Nor stmr Tltanla, Eg-enes, Nanalmo. •
Ship Geo Curtis, Calhoun. Honolulu.
ShiD Indiana, Rolten. Nanalmo.
Ship Two Brothers, Wilson. Seattle.
Ur ship Port Stanley. Williams. • Queenstown.
Schr Mayflower. Gudmansen, Coquille River.
SAILED.
Thursday, January 81.
Etmr "Walla Walla, Hall, Victoria, etc; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Corona, Glclow. San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins* & .Co.
Nor stmr Tltanla. Irenes, Nanalmo; John
RosenfelU's Sons.
Nor Btrar Hero, Kyverston. Et Vincent; Ep
rlnc^r & Co.
Schr Dora Bluhm, Seymour, Kahulul; Alex
ander & Baldwin.
CLEARED.
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast. 1900." pagre 10, No.
12. and the *"I_l*t of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast. 1S01." rase 14.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
FRANCIS J. HIGGINSON,
Rear Admiral, U. 8. Navy, Chairman.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED,
Thursday, January 3L
Stmr City of Sydney, McLean. 21 days from
Panama, etc.
Stmr Pomona. Shea, 18 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
San Pieiro, etc. . :
Stmr Ulpsy, Leland, 21 hours from Monte
rey, :
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 11 hours from
Point Arena.
Schr Western Home, Chrictensen, 5 days
from Coos Hay. /
Schr Archie and Fontie, Johannsen, <S hours
from Stewarts Point.
Schr Rio Rey. Skipper, 24 hours from Iver
pen« Landing.
Scfcr Monterey, Beck, 55 hours from Coos
Bay.
SINCE the death of Queen Vic
toria Brltisn ships leaving all
ports in the world have been
displaying on the seas six flags of
the International Signal Code for
the purpose of announcing to all
vessels they meet— many of which
have been at sea for weeks — the
demise of the British ruler. The
represent the letters U. F. A. and
K. 0. E,, which read, "The Queen
Is Dead."
TO SAIL.
Toward the southeast countless Island-?,
great and small; succeed each other for
thousands of miles in Indescribable confu
sion. I Geographers contend as to where
the Asiatic insular system end3 and the
Australian system begins. Toward the
direct south In the Indian Ocean the isl
ands are few In number and generally
small. Ceylon looms as an exception op
posite the mainland ff India. But the-
Mediterranean plants Cyprus in the anglo
formed by its Immense gulf, between Sy
ria and Asia Minor, i;r.d the Aegean Sea
is a maze of Islands, which resemble step
ping stones across an enormous brook.
From the creation as far as natural
causes icould-determlne. it was fixed that
the future history of Asia should be
wrought out and its main influence exert
ed in the direction of the southwest and
west. When its superfluous population
should be ready to .swarm they wouM
find the Paclflo Ocean too broad and th«
lands beyond too indefinite for them to
plunge toward the unknown. The natural
law of emigration would prevent th-Ir
pushing southward ovtr the countless J_l
ands of the southeast toward the equator.
An 1 individual, for the sake of, some reil
or Imagined profit, mav remove far to the
south or north. But a horae or multitude
of men set in motion without a definite
and well-known end almost Invariably
proceeds toward the cast or west. The
law of femigration is ihat tendency which
Impels the emigrant to follow parallel*
of latitude, or, expressed with greater
accuracy, Isothermal lines. An onrushini;
mass of humanity, when 'changing ltd
habitatldn under the spell of same
dominant impulse, s by instinct In
cliried to avoid a oMmate much
warmer or. colder- than that to
which it is accustomed. This " inclina
tion operated still more strongly in primi
tive times, when maa had made litt'e
progress in resisting the forces of nature
and was still the subject of climatic con
ditions. Nevertheless, .though modlfled.
It-stiU exists. and has its share In impel
ling the waves of emigration directly
The farther we journey westward, the
richer ; the • opportunities for intercourse
and communication which the shores pre
sent. At last We reach Asia Minor, but
tressed at its base against the Armenian
plateau, and except for that base an
island surrounded by European seas. Be
cause of Its geographic position it seems
stretching out to proffer all that Asia carl
produce and to accept all that the we3t
can bestow.
It's general outline is far less broken
than that of Europe, while less uniform
than that of Africa/ For every 52S
square miles of territory it has but on©
mile of. coa^t line. This proportion Is
much more like that of Africa than of
Europe. But the broad rivers, seldom
obstructed by sand bars at their mouths
or By falls and rapids in the lower portion
of their course in some degree counter
balance this" disadvantage. Yet on the
other hand, the great northern streams,
the Obi, the .Yeriesei and the Lena, which
on the map look so favorable to naviga
tion, in How-Ing northward pass from a
warmer to a colder latitude and are
blocked by Ice a large portion of the year.
The greatest monotony of surface and
contour will be -found In the extreme
north. That, however, concerns us very
little. On the edge of those dreary Si
berian marshes, which the polar summer
is hardly long enough to thaw, it is doubt
ful if man ever will succeed in overcom
ing the obstacles which glacial nature
throws In his way. As we proceed down
the eastern coast the diversity of outline
increases. South of the forty-first paral
lel we encounter the peninsulas of Korea
and Slam-Annam. Along the coast are
splendid and capacious harbors, many of
which human skill has as yet done little
to improve. On the south we meet the
peninsulas of the Deccan or India and of
Arabia; almost continental in their im*
mensity. The shores are forced to recede
far inland by the Bay of Bengal, the
Arabian Sea and the Persian Gulf.
On the north it Is bounded by the 1'olar
Sea. Its farthest point is the Taimur
Peninsula, half way between the Arttlc
clncle and the pole. Only one explorer
has been able to circumnavigate this
Crozen promontory. The Swede Nordens
klold in the famous vessel Vega' rounded
it in 1*78. On the south It is bounded by
the Indian Ocean. Toward the southeast
It sends off its long, attenuated peninsula
of Malacca, which terminates in Cape
RoUmania, about ninety miles from the
equator. On the west It is bounded by a
continuous chafn of straits and seas, all
tributary to the Pacific. * Nowhere does
what may be strictly called the Pacific
Oceaiv touch the shores of continental
Asia. From Kamchatka to Borneo a reef
of islands, of which the Japanese islands
and the Philippines are the most impor
tant, interposes and shuts off that ocean
from its western and inland waters. The
sinuous line, which hems Asia on the
west, has been the line of its influence
and of its real contact with the world.
Europe, the Mediterranean with its
branches and the Black Sea furnish its
western boundaries.
Asia is the most venerable of the con
tinents. Its name suggests associations
and calls forth emotions such as the men
tion of no other continent can inspire.
According to common tradition and the
most credible deductions of science it wa3
the cradle of the human race. From this
ancestral home by various pathways in
prehistoric times the different races of the
human family marched to populate the
other divisions of the globe.
It' was the cradle of civilization. Here
man first emerged from barbarism. The
earliest and most primitive civilization,
of which we have any account, was its
product. Hence as from a fountain that
civilization was diffused to those other
countries which it was to emulate and
stimulate, while retaining for centuries
something of its original type.
It was the cradle of government ana
law. In it were seated the oldest and
most powerful empires. Egypt is the only
country which In antiquity, in develop
ment of the arts of life and in political at
tainments could vie with those Oriental
monarchies. But Egypt was itself more
modern. Moreover, Egypt was always
Asiatic rather than African. Always it
turned its back upon the continent of
which geographically it was the north
eastern part and all its interests and con
nections were linked with the East.
Asia was the cradle of religion. Every
great religion which has endured and re
tained its millions of adherents through
the centuries had its rise there. Nor is
this true merely of the fnlths whose ori
gin is lost In legend and mythology. It is
equally true of those more vigorous and
more tenacious, like Christianity and Jsl
lam, which have appeared long after the
dawn of authentic history.
So, at the very, mention of • Asia is
evoked the consciousness of an unap
proachable pra-emlnence. The birthplace
of mankind, of civilization, of govern
ment and law and of religion. In compar
iso'n what'could the other continents cre
ate and bequeath?
These priceless bequests were to be re
ceived, applied and carried further by Eu
rope. By her they were In "turn to be be
stowod upon the Americas, Australia and
Africa. Even in the strange evolution of
time they were by her to be brought back
to Asia, their source. And yet, when we
seek the beginnings of what Is imperisha
ble and most precious in human achieve
ment, Asia is the mother of us all. .
Asia far surpasses the other continents
in size. It includes more than two-sev
enths, almost one-third, of the land sur
face of the globe. Its area of 15,000,000
square mile's- Is four times larger than
that of Europe, nearly equal to that of
Europe and Africa and exceeds that of
North and Sotith America. Upon the. map
of the eastern hemisphere it impresses not
only with the idea of vastness, but of
positional superiority. It seems to thrust
'Europe but from It toward the west
as its broadest . and most gi
gantic cape, and to suspend Af
rica from it as "its most gigantic penin
sula. Both are attached to it as depend
encies, while it exists independent of
them. On the northeast, along the line of
the Arctic circle, it projects a narrow
arm to within less than forty miles' dis
tance of the western extremity of Alaska.
Copyright, 19O1, by Seymour Eaton.
across the ocean to the United States,
preventing any marked deflection to re
gions farther south. '
While the general direction of subse
quent Asiatic emigration was thus deter
mined, it was to find its road ovgx the
plains and through the valleys where n.i
ture had traced the way. A host of men
In the search for larsor room and on iho
move from the overcrowded places of
their birth turns aside from obstacle*
and keeDs on where progress Is easiest.
Individuals may he Atiiine climbers, bu:
never a migratory people. Such a people
lakes advantage of every slope and dry
river-bed and shallow ford. It mav as
cend streams, but only because they aro
narrower and less difficult of passagro far
ther up. Its strategy Is always a balanc
ing of difficulties, with the decision in
favor of the least.
When the habitats of mankind became
overpacked with human beings one of two
courses was sure to be pursued. The in
habitants might srugglshly adapt them
selves to new conditions and remain In
the same spot, enduring; the Increasing
discomforts which arose from want of
room, or the entire population, or only
the more vigorous and energetic In their
number, might desert their accustomed
haunts a*d wander forth In search of
some more generous and less -exhausted
region. So they would set out on an un
certain march, perhaps at last to estab
lish enduring kingdoms, perhaps to perish
and leave their bones along the stray. Re
mote Asiatic history affords many exam
plea of both courses, of the slothful lin
gering on in the midst of diminishing
plenty and of the starting forth to ulti
mate power or to graves In the wilder
ness.
Sometimes the supplies of both water
and food were exhausted. Then no choice
was left the survivors but to depart. This
has been the case more than once with
the people of Central Asia. As the pas
ture: grounds withered the famished no
mads and thelr"""perishln?r herds were
forced to fly. Ravenous and merciless as
wolves, they hurled themselves upon
whatever group of men was nearest, not
impelled so much by lust for booty as
lashed on by devouring: hunger. How far
this motive has been at the base of the
Hunnlc and Mongolian Invasion it Is even
yet impossible to say.
But we must turn our eyes farther bacte
than to the histories or still more shad
owy days when prolific Asia was to rouse
her superfluous children and send them
forth from their first habitation. The
trend of the rivers determines the physi
cal conditions of primitive man and shapes
the manner of early history. The rivers
are themselves the offspring of the moun
tains, which from a myriad sources afford
their, supply and indicate the channels
wherein they are to flow. ' In her moun
tain system is discovered the key of what
Asia has been from the beginning: unttl
now. On those oky-plercing ranges, plied
loftier than the peaks of any other con
tinent, the story of Asia- is written. They
have> shaped the character and decided
the career of the human beings who have
clung along their sides and clustered at
their base. By their obedient agents, the
rivers, which they have tossed throu^i
the ravines and down their flanks, they
have produced the broad alluvial plains,
whereon mankind in hoary antiquity first
passed from brutish ignorance to Incipi
ent civilization. They and their minor
chains through the ages have marked in
every direction the boundaries of long
established dominions. The mountains of
Europe and America have .likewise had
their share in the shaping of human des
tiny. But their part has been, small and
insignificant in comparison with the part
which the mountains of the vastest ana
most venerable of the continents have ex
erted. Herodotus declared of Egypt, "It
Is the gift of the Nile." Asia is the gift
of her mountains. It Is for us to investi
gate her awe-inspiring mountain system.
EDWIX A. GROSVENOR.
Amherst College.
Note — The second paper on the. "War
Geography of Africa" will be published
on Friday next.
The approximate geographical position of the
extremity of the point, as given in the Pacific
Coast Pilot of the United States Coast and
Geodetic Survey, is: Latitude, north 34 degrees
24 minutes 27.7 seconds; longitude, west 120
degrees SS minutes 6S.S seconds." , , .
Bearings and distance* of prominent objects
The light will be shown from -a square
wooden tower rising from the fog signal
building and surmounted by a black lantern.
The woodwork • is painted white with lead
cclored trimmings.
.Notice is hereby griven . that on or about
Tcbniary 22, 1901, a fixed white lloht of the
fourth order will be established in the
structure recently erected on the extreme outer
end of Point Arguello, se2__oast of California,
about 12 miles to the northward and westward
of Point Conception. • .- ¦¦' •
The light will illuminate the entire horizon;
its focal plane will be 91 feet above mean high
water, and the light may. be seen 15',4 miles
In clear weather, the observer's eye 15 feet
above the eea.
POINT ARGUELLO , LIGHT STATION,
' COAST OTJ WASHINGTON.
' Notice is hereby given that this vessel, which
on January 10, 1901. broke adrift from her
station, about 2% miles SW. % S. from Uma
tllla Reef (Flattery Rocks), making ofT from
Cape Alava, Washington, and about 4U miles
wcft-BOuthwestcrly from the cape, was re
placed on her station January 28, 1901. No
change has been made in the light vessel. as
to chat .cterlstics of lights, tog signal or gen
era! appearance.
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
Fob Signals. Pacific Coast, 1900," page 32, No.
145; also the "List of Beacons and Buoys,
Pacific Coast. 1901," page 64.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
Commander, U. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
UMATILLA REEF IJGHT VESSEL NO. 67—
Notice to Mariners.
Shipping Merchants.
The Bteamer "Walla Walla sailed yesterday
for Victoria-' with the following cargo, valued
at tll.427:
S5 bxs raisins*, 71 bxs lemons, 115 bxs oranges,
6 cs canned goods, 7 bdls 13 bars steel, 8 ca
drugs, J05 cs paste. 61 pki?s hardware, 670 lbs
butter, 2 bbls baking powder, 3> cs» bottles, 104
pkgs groceries and provisions, 24 en dry {foods,
7 bales hose, 3 ca ammunition. 6 sks cocoanuts,
67,930 lbs malt. J3 ca marble. 30 cs eyrup of
figs, 1000 lbs sujcar, 10 cs cocoa, 5 cs chocolate,
1 cs 241 pals wine, 32 plcga vegetables, iy pKgs
machinery, 1SC1 lbs coffee. 2 cs typewriters, 50
tins matches, 110 pkjjS:S2oO lbs dried fruit, 3
cs 656 lbs tobacco, 157 cs crackers, 800 lbs rnlll
stulTs 178 Ekx oilcake mral. SO cs whisky. 15
btls plaster, 240 bUs potatoes.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
William Archer fell three stories
through the elevator at 133 Beale street
yesterday and escaped with a broken leg.
He was treated at the Harbor Hospital.
Captain Lewis, formerly of the Kenne
bec. is to become manager of Boole's ship
yard at Alameda Point.
The ship Kennebec, now on Puget
Sound, tias been sold to George Plummer
and others for $50,000. She will "be used In
the salmon trade.
"Water Front Notes.
Peace reigns once more among the
shareholders of the Kimball Steamship
Company. At the annual meeting yes
terday all differences were settled and the
report of the secretary and treasurer wrfs
received with cheers. .It showed the con
cern to be pn a -sound financial -basis
and that the prospects for the ensuing
year' were very bright. The officers
elected: by the shareholder were: Joseph
Marsden, president; Robert- J. TySon. vice
pr-?sident; John If. Bullock, secretary and
treasurer, and George W. Macfarlane, di
rector. 1 Now that all differences are set*
tied the company should prove one of. the
most successful on the coast.
Kimball Steamship Company.
Overdues Abput Given Up.
The Portland fleet of overdues will prob
ably be posted as missing within the next
week. - The vessels have been so long
overdue that gambling on their safety has
ceased find, everybody expects the worst.
The Andrada, now out eighty days from
Santa- Rosalia, and the Otto Gilder
melster, seventy-nine days from Yoko
hama, can get no offers to reinsure, even
at 90 per cent. The Bertha, 100 days out
from Weihaiwei, is selling at 85 per cent,
and the Cape Wrath, nlnenty days from
Callao, at 75 per cent. A few risks have
been taken on the latter vessel.
Discouraging reports from along the
coast have caused the Ardnamurchan and
the Machrihanish to be added to the over
due- fleet. The former fleet, left the
Frazer River on November 26 and the lat
ter on December 31, both bound for Liver
pool. 'Both carried salmon and quantities
of the same brand of goods haye been
found on the Oregon- beach. "In any
event the underwriters do not like the
looks of • things and are paying the
gamblers 45 per cent to reinsure. The
cargoes of the Arnamurchan and the
Machrihanish alone are valued at $500,000,
while the Bix overdues, without their
cargoes,' were probably worth a million.
Taxi steamer Guatemala la ex
pected to arrive here from South
and Central American ports to
morrow night or early Sunday
morning. She is well equipped
for freight and passengers and wtir be the
pioneer of the Pacific Steam Navigation
Company and the Compania Sud Amer
icana de Vapores. In all trie two con
cerns will operate about thirty steamers
on this coast and between here and Eng
land. Among them will be the Colom
bia, Chile, Peru, Areguipa, Santiago, Puno,
Serena, Pirarro, Mendoza, Imperial, Mal
po,' Aconcagua, Salena, Loa, Tucapel and
LJmari, all twin-screw steajners and
ranging from 2000 to 3500 tons burden.
The San Francisco steamers will con
nect at Panama with the Panama Rail
road Company and at Valparaiso with
steamers bound for European ports via
the Straits of Alagellan. The new line Is
being handled by Balfour, Quthrie & Co.,
and W. Zoller, who was for years with
the Paciiic Mall, is handling the freight
and passenger business.
The trade between San Francisco and
all ports in the world should take an un
precedented • boom this year. The Kos
mos line is running between here and
Hamburg, the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany has built three magnificent steamers
! for the Australian trade and put a. vessel
on the run to Tahiti; the American-Ha
waiian Company has built or is building
live 10,000-ton steamers for the Xew York,
Honolulu and San Francisco trade, Grace
& Co. are arranging for a line of steamers
to run between here and the nitrate ports
of South America and now the Pacific
Steam Navigation Company and the Com
pania Sud Americana do Vapores is an
established fact.
In view of the opposition the Pacific
Mail has withdrawn five of its steamers
and still there are more to follow into re
tirement. The City of Sydney, that ar
rived yesterday, was almost bare of
freight and did not have a dozen passen
gers. It Is doubtful as to whether she
will go out again for some months to
come.
The next three months should see at
least five new ocean steamers coming and
going every four weeks between San
Francisco and Central and South Amer
ican ports,
| DISAPPOINTMENT FOR CREW.
There Was Not a Cigar in Acapulco
When Steamer Sydney Arrived
There.
There* was a disgusted lot of officers and
men on the Mail Company's City of Syd
ney yesterday. Hardly a man aboard had
a cigar to smoke, let alone one to offer to
a friend. When the steamship reached
Acapulco It was the Intention of all
hands to lay in a supply, but when they
got there all the fragrant weeds were
gone. The battleship Iowa and the cruiser
Philadelphia had been there and the mer
chants ot Acapulco said the officers and
men of the warships had laid in a supply
of 250,000 cigars?, thus cleaning out all the
supply on hand. The men on the Sydney
say the merchants of Acapulco would
willingly have purchased cigars from
them had they any to sell. There must
be some territtc smokers on the Iowa and
the Philadelphia to get away with 250,000
cigars Inside of a month.
from the light will be: Richardson Rock, off.
Ban Miguel Island, S.SB. V4 E.. 29 miles:
Pledras Blancas lighthouse, NW. % N., 72
miles; San Luis Oblspo lighthouse, N.NW. %
\V.. 36 miles; Point Sal, N. by W. % W., 19{_
miles. -
A fog signal will be established later of
which due notice will be grlven.
Bearings are magnetic; miles are nautical
miles.
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
Inside of Three Months Five Different Companies Will Be
Running Vessels Into San Francisco From South
and Central American Ports.
MARSEILLES— Arrived Jan 31— Stmr Hes
perian, from New York.
. LIVERPOOL- Sailed Jan 31— Stmr Common
wealth, for. Boston, via Qucenstown; stmr Do
minion, for Halifax and Portland. Me.
Arrived Jan 31— Stmr Lake Superior, from
St John, N F. and Halifax; stmr Majestic,
from Ntw York. ¦ .
: PORTLAND, Me— Sailed Jan 31— Stmr Syr
ian.' for Glasgow.
ROTTERDAM-Salled Jan 31-Stmr Pots
dam, for New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 31— Stmr Mlnneha
ha, for London : stmr La Ga«cojrne, for
Havre; stmr Augruste Victoria, for Algiers,
Genoa, etc; stmr Weimar, for Bremen.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Jan 30-Stmr Colum
bia/ from New York, for Genoa, etc.
HONGKONG— Arrived Jaa 30— Stmr Ameri
ca Mara, from San Francisco, via Honolulu
and Yokohama.
PORT AU PRINCE— Arrived Jan 81— Atmr
Prlnzessin Victoria Luise, from New York!
DREMEN-Arrlved Jan 31-Stmr Koln, from
New York.
MORORAN— Sailed Jan 29— Stmr St Bede,
from Portland; Or, for Manila.
o
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
A Lesson in the Geography of Asia, the
Most Venerable of All the
Continents.
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
NEW LINES OF STEAMSHIPS EAGER
TO SECURE CALIFORNIA'S TRADE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1901.
"THE QUEE.S iS DE*D."
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at tha
city front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
fivo minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of Hi«rh and I^ow
AVaters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
XV.
7
Steamer. - [ Dest nation. |Salls.| Pier.
, . , \ , ( , ___^ j , |.
February 1. |
Corona ..Newport 9 am|Pier 11
China China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Voabers and . oth-st.
Wheeler.... Tillamook Bay 3 pm Wharf
Februnry '£.
Mandalay.... Coqulllo River' I.'. Pier 2
Marlposa Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2J
Pplnt Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboiat 2 pm Pier 9
February 3.
Arcata Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 9 am S.W. 1
Santa Rosa... Han Diego 9 art. Pier 11
fr'el»ru!«r>' 4.
Carlisle Ctty. China and Japan Pier —
NortttFork... Humboldt 9 au Pier 2
Czarina Seattle & Tacoina. 5 pm Pier 8
Argo. s Coqullle River 3 pm Pier 2
*" Kebrnnry li.
Rainier Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Argyll N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 34
Sesostris Hamburg- & W. Pts| S.W. 2
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports|ll am|Pier 9
Rob't Dollar.. Seattle | 5 pm|Pler 13
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier U
February 0. '
Fulton Grays Harbor 9 am Bier —
Empire Coos Bay ;.. ID am Pier 13
Queen |San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Argo Coquille River IFeb. 1
Mandalay Coquille River |Feb. 1
Arcata Coos Bay |Feb. 1
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 1
Carlisle City.... China via San Diego... Feb. 1
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Feb. 1
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Feb. 2
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Feb. 2
Doric China and Japan ;.. Feb. 2
Australia Tahiti Feb. 2
Willamette . Oyster Harbor Feb. 3
Kureka Humboldt Feb. 3
Bonlta Newport *..... Feb. 3
Queen San ©lego ..; Feb. 3
Guatemala Panama & Way Ports. JFeb. 3
G. W. Elder Portland and Astoria.. I Feb. 4
Mattewan Tacoma IFeb. 4
Fulton | Grays Harbor Feb. 4
South Portland. Roche Harbor Feb. 4
Sunta Barbara. Humboldt *.... Feb. 4
Kmplre Coos Bay ....Feb. 4
Mackinaw (Seattle' Feb. 4
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 5
Hyadcs Seattle Feb. 5
State of Cal.... Puget Sound Ports Feb. 6
Corona Newport Feb. 6
Santa Rosa San Diego Feb. 7
Point Arena.... Point Arena. Feb. 7
Sierra. Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb.- 7
City of Para.... Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 7
Zealandla. Honolulu Feb. 7
Cies-cent City... Crescent City ".....Feb. 7
3 Time TIme| Time iTlme
2. -: Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» L. W H W L W ¦ H W
1 ... 3:10 2.S 9:25 6.1 4:C0 -4t.7 11:20 5.0
2... 4:00 2.7 10:16 6.1 6:00—0.6 11:SS 5 1
3... 4:4S 2.4 11:03 6.0 5:36-0.4
II W L, W ¦ H \V L W
4... 0:34 5.2 5:34 2.2 11:50 5.7 6:17—0 1
5 ... 1:03 5.3 6:20 2.0 12:31 5.3 6:45 0.3
6 ... 1:40 6.3 7:07 2.0 l:i« 4.9 7:19 O.S
7 ... 2:12 5.3 7:55 1.9 2:04 4.5 7:52 1.3
3 Time TIme| Time iTlme
2. -: Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
» L. W H W L W ¦ H W
1 ... 3:10 2.S 9:25 6.1 4:C0 -4t.7 11:20 5.0
2... 4:00 2.7 10:16 6.1 6:00—0.6 11:SS 5 1
3... 4:4S 2.4 11:03 6.0 5:36-0.4
II W L, W ¦ H \V L W
4... 0:34 5.2 5:34 2.2 11:50 5.7 6:17—0 1
5 ... 1:03 5.3 6:20 2.0 12:31 5.3 6:45 0.3
6 ... 1:40 6.3 7:07 2.0 l:i« 4.9 7:19 O.S
7 ... 2:12 5.3 7:55 1.9 2:04 4.5 7:52 1.3
Steamer. - [ Dest nation. |Salls.| Pier.
, . , \ , ( , ___^ j , |.
February 1. |
Corona ..Newport 9 am|Pier 11
China China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Voabers and . oth-st.
Wheeler.... Tillamook Bay 3 pm Wharf
Februnry '£.
Mandalay.... Coqulllo River' I.'. Pier 2
Marlposa Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2J
Pplnt Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboiat 2 pm Pier 9
February 3.
Arcata Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Alliance Portland & Coos B. 9 am S.W. 1
Santa Rosa... Han Diego 9 art. Pier 11
fr'el»ru!«r>' 4.
Carlisle Ctty. China and Japan Pier —
NortttFork... Humboldt 9 au Pier 2
Czarina Seattle & Tacoina. 5 pm Pier 8
Argo. s Coqullle River 3 pm Pier 2
*" Kebrnnry li.
Rainier Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Argyll N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 34
Sesostris Hamburg- & W. Pts| S.W. 2
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports|ll am|Pier 9
Rob't Dollar.. Seattle | 5 pm|Pler 13
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier U
February 0. '
Fulton Grays Harbor 9 am Bier —
Empire Coos Bay ;.. ID am Pier 13
Queen |San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Argo Coquille River IFeb. 1
Mandalay Coquille River |Feb. 1
Arcata Coos Bay |Feb. 1
North Fork Humboldt Feb. 1
Carlisle City.... China via San Diego... Feb. 1
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Feb. 1
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom. Feb. 2
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Feb. 2
Doric China and Japan ;.. Feb. 2
Australia Tahiti Feb. 2
Willamette . Oyster Harbor Feb. 3
Kureka Humboldt Feb. 3
Bonlta Newport *..... Feb. 3
Queen San ©lego ..; Feb. 3
Guatemala Panama & Way Ports. JFeb. 3
G. W. Elder Portland and Astoria.. I Feb. 4
Mattewan Tacoma IFeb. 4
Fulton | Grays Harbor Feb. 4
South Portland. Roche Harbor Feb. 4
Sunta Barbara. Humboldt *.... Feb. 4
Kmplre Coos Bay ....Feb. 4
Mackinaw (Seattle' Feb. 4
Pomona Humboldt Feb. 5
Hyadcs Seattle Feb. 5
State of Cal.... Puget Sound Ports Feb. 6
Corona Newport Feb. 6
Santa Rosa San Diego Feb. 7
Point Arena.... Point Arena. Feb. 7
Sierra. Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb.- 7
City of Para.... Panama & Way Ports. Feb. 7
Zealandla. Honolulu Feb. 7
Cies-cent City... Crescent City ".....Feb. 7
Try
To arrive at the conclusion
that for
Shortening and Frying
It is the best material on the
market.
"KO-NUT,"
A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat
Entirely Free from Animal
•Matter.
N^ver G.»ts Rancid.
Ask Your Grocer or Write.
India Refining Co,,
Philadelphia*.
EVERY NIGHT, INCLUDING SUNDAY
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Managers Wagenhals ¦& Kemper present
LOUIS JAMES and
KATHRYN KIDDER
Company In a Stupendous Scenio
- ' Production of
A Midsummer Night's Dream,
PRICES-U EP. Jl. TSe. 60c, S5c and 23c.
xt We*)c— Flirt 5 Nights -and Fat.. Matinee.
"A MIDSUMMER JCIGBT-S DREAM."
Saturday Xltfht— "Richard III." Sunday
Mght— "Macbeth."
S All A B SEAT SALE.
UUun Vmorrim,
At Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Store.
FIRST CONCERT at th«
ALflAMBRA, SUNDAY MGH1, Feb. Id.
GREATEST VAUDEVILLE SHOW EVER IN'
SAN FRANCISCO.
THE NINE NfcLSONS.
LIZZIE AND VIKIE PALY. FOT AND
CLARK. LEAMER SISTERS. MON'TMAR-
. TROIS TRIO. WARREN AND RLANCH-
.ARI), HACKER AND LESTER. SWIGETTH
AND CLARK. "!
-= — Third and Final TVeek of
SAM LOCK HART'S
BABY ELEPHANTS.
Reserved e*at». !3c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
end box eeats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
ilLf H EAT R t^4r
' LAST THREE XIGHTS. .. •
MATINEE TOMORROW an! SUNDAY.
William Gillette's Comedy.
ALL THE
COMFORTS «.*.
OF HOME! ?5tf
Next Week— Engagement -'of JOS. KILGOUR
when »ill be presented K". S. Wlllard^s SMc-'
c*gs. "JUDAH." Seats N'pw Ready.*
AU Ellinehouse ; Prop,- and Manager
-... Ph&ne South 770.
TO-NIGHT.
The .La_chlnjf Festival— Fast and Furious. .
Every Evening this week is a Jolly CARNI-
VAL- NIGHT • T
• With Those- Funny Fellows.
"25— H ANDSOME GIRL S— 25.
MURRAY AND MACK
And their Jolly company : of 40 Girls and
Boys-HO. in the very best of musical ex-
travaganzas.
"SHOOTING THE CHUTES"
"NUFF SAID."
Eve — I*c, 35c, EOc and 75c
Mat — 15c. 25c. 25c and 60c.
Next Sunday Afternoon-;Wm. A. Brady's
«xar;d hroduction, "THE SORROWS OP'
DAI ft ftP. These hotels pos-
\ rALAufc scss the attribu t"
¦ • *" that tourists^ and
2|]y travelers appreciate
_ . —central location,
RRaNn Iibehl1 * ""nage-
UlinilU . ment, modern ap-
JlftTri ft pointments and
nUillLui Perfect cuisine.
e»- r~ i ¦ American and Eu-
| San FranClSCO. ro P ean plans.
©VIM..VIGOR, VITAL! TY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
nave been in use over fifty
V a " by * he leaders of th«
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures the
worst cases in old and youns
arirlng from effects of self- ,
nbur.e. dissipation, excesses or
tlRarptte-smoklngr. Cures Lost
Manhood, lmpoteney. Lost
Power. Nljrht Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back.' Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. H<-adach.e, Unfltness to Mat
ry. Loss of Semen. fs , _—^ Varlcocelo or Con-
stipation. Stop* N« ___fc OJ rvous Twitching
Of Eyelids. Effects _5>,_^__ & r e Immediate
Impart vigor and *'*" rs potency to every
function. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at
hand. Restores small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers; 60o a
box; « for $2 60 by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
»t.. San Francisco, Cal., GRANT DRUG CO.,
ZS and 40 Third st. ' •
Get What You Ask For!
When you ask for Cascarets Candy
Cathartic be sure you get them.
Genuine tablets stamped C. C. C.
Never s"61d in bulk. A substitutor is
always a cheat and a fraud. Beware!
AH druggists, ioc.
IA7. T. HESS.
K0TARY FCflMJ AHfl ATXOENSJr-Ar-LAT.
Tenth Floor. Room lOlsiciaus Bpreckeli 'Bid*-.
Telephone Brown J31.
Residence, til California st.. below Powell.
¦ san Francisco.
GRAND' OPERA HOUSE
MATIN'EE SATTTRDAT ANT> S1TXDAT.
LAST THREE SIGHTS OF
CHARLES ERIN YERNER,
THE GREATEST LIVING IRISH COMEDIAN.
In Boudcaulfs Famous Irish Drama,
ARRAH-NA-POGUE
MONDAY— "SHAMUS O'BRIEN'."
. PRICES— 19c. 15c 25c. We
A if* front rowi in crcnertrs, 75c : .
G«xJ reserved seat In orchestra at all matl-
reec, r5c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
MOROSCO S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE, Special
Oottlcb. Marx & Co. an4 'Walter Morosco '
Ar.nour.ee the Farewell Appearance In Saa
Francisco cf \
MME. SARAH BERNHARDT
M.COQUELIN,
tTnfier the- Direction of
MR. MAURICE GRAU.
FOR TWO .WEEKS ONLY,
Ccrr.=encing MONDAY EVENING. February
11. In
ROSTAND'S DRAMATIC POEM.
For Six Nights and^T 5 A TOT HW*
XS'mSSU. L A1GLON
OR. THE EAGLET.
1IME. BERNHARDT and M. COQUELIN Will
Appear at Every Performance.
rRI<""ES— fl HL S2. T3 ar.d $4. Boxes $30, J24,
j;l. General Adir.ifslon X2. Gallery *l.
?ale of Feats will bepln on WEDNESDAY.
February €. at ! a. m. at the B:>x Office. Grand
Or*ra-hf>uf<".
GREAT MUFICAL IUT!
EVENXXGS si g. MATINEE SATURDAY at 1.
T.7 the Authors of "Robla Hood."
Rest Week— PUnquette'f Great Comic Opera,
"NELL GWYNNE."
POPLI_AB PRICES..: 25 and 6» cent*
Telei>ricn« — Bufh 9.
LAST THREE PERFORMANCES OP
IYIRS._FISKE
"BECKY^ SHARP.'?
LAST MATINEE FATCRDAY. ' *
COMMENCING MONDAY. February 4.
MRS. F^IStCE
"TESS OF THE DTRBERV1LLES"
PFATP NOW ON FALE.
CELASCO *>">THAU:SjfeiiWE?
% mi 1 **^ OtCBt CXTY tUUA
r*on«» South 532.
NOW THOROUGHLY HKATED WITH STEAM
TO-NIGHT an4 BATT and SUNDAY EV'OS.
MATINEE SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
f-'ujx-rb I*ro<1uctlcn D' Emery's Famous Drama,
A CELEBRATED CASE
IVautifu! Sc«"nery! Rt"h Costujnes! Powerful
<teFt! Th" Popular Irish Cocriwlien. JAMES
M. WARD, cs Sergeant CRourke.
DDirCC Evenlr.es 10c. 15c. 25c, 35c, ROc
rnlULj Matineex 10c. 15c. 25c
ICEXT MONDAY— Firrt Production In Amer-
ica of the Bis English Melodrama.
••A DAUGHTER OF THE MILLION."
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK-THIRD MEETING.
ilcnijay, January 1\. to Saturday, February
8, Inclusive. • - r .
FIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAY.
Six Stake Events, * Three Hurdle Races and
Six Steeplechase*.
FIRST n .CE OF THE DAY AT 2:10 P. M.
TVaJos leave Third "'and Townsecd streets* foi
Tacforan Park at 7.' 10:40. 11:39 a, m.. l.'l:S
and 2 p. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park, foi
Kan Trt. ¦ at 4:15 p. ca.. followed after th«
la*t race at Interval" of a few minutes by sev-
•1*1 rpedal*. g«sat« In rear "oars reserved foi
ladles and their escorts. Admission to course,
Includlr.c railroad fare, J1.J5.
MILTCM S. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDVCAXT* POWER. Racing Secretary.
CHUTES AND^ZOO E ;i7zMSi 0t
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON.
JUVENILE PERFORMERS' DAY.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
MONSTER* CAKEWALK.
Telephone for Seats, Park 23. 'J\,
FrSinHFR'^ CONCERT HOUSE.
X IDl/nCM5 Admission lOc. .
Nero, Frances Harding. Fairbanks .Brothers,
Hanlon and Blnger, Ida Howell. -Watermax
f!ster«. Little Alma Wuthrtch. Hal Conlett,
V_taem and Patrick and HInrlchs'- Orchestra.
Reserved Seats 25c Slatlaee Sunday.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMTJSEMENTS.
SPECIAL NOTICE!
TREMENDOUS REDUCTIONS '
... FOR ...
Fridayand Saturday Only
Ladies' Tailor-Made Suits, reduced from $10.00 to $5.00
I-adics' Tailor-Made Suits, reduced from $12.00 to. ....$7.50
Ladies' Tailor-Madc Suit?, reduced from $20.00 to.. .$12.50
Ladies' Tailor-Made Jackets, reduced from $5.00 to. .$2.00
Ladies' Tailoi^Made Jackets, reduced from $7.50 to . . $3.50
Ladies' Tailor-Made Jackets, reduced from $10.00 to..$6.50
Ladies' French Flannel Waists, reduced from $1.50 to..$1.00
Ladies' French Flannel Waists, reduced from $2.00 to..$1.50
Ladies' French Flannel Waists, reduced from $2.50 to..$1.75
A large assortment of Silk Waists reduced from $4.00
to $2.00.
J. O'BRIEN Sc CO.,
1146 MARKET STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISlbttENTS.
=^^**^l3?>r7«_i9l^^^^Si_?3^Bi_3!3
_R_S^^! __ ~;_____J
__________________________________________________
_^p^[^_y^__ * /i I i V^«C w w
j^^P^^S^^^ EXTRACTION
Jg§|S^^$__!_|£p£4jy Cur $5.03 Platj*
wfpS^ lliuX WALSH
Slo-ri GEARY 3 T JulIs x
Between Hyde anil £__xk!a.
Telephone Pollc 112S. ¦
Oak ' u|||]
Dining- : yH|f
Chair PHS
—brace arms— <:ane "-"Hi
seat. ¦ r »"! - ; ¦- i| i
Tfcls la only one SL _-_g-. : . ; I
among many bar- V»J'f^#*' *
gains In furniture £%i&!xs''-
For a limited time we offer big bargains tn
Furnitures Carpets
Let us estimate, on complete houaefur-
nlshing— we. can eave you money.
CREDIT EXTENDED.
Free delivery within 200 miles on $23
worth and over.
T. Brilliant Furniture Co.
338-242 Post Street,
Near Powell Open Evening".LOCAL MARKETS.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday:
brisk north winds diminishing; heavy frost
In the morning.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
• Forecast Official.
Arizona — Cloudy, unsettled weather Friday;
probably rain In southern portion, snow in
northern: continued cold weather.
Southern California— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Friday, with brisk northerly winds; con
tinued cold weather.
Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Friday;
continued cold.
Utah— CioudyJ unsettled weather Friday;
continued cold.
Northern California — Cloudy. unsettled
weather Friday In central and southern por
tion: fair In northern portion; high north
win<?s diminishing.
The following" inaxlmum wind, velocities are
rer>orte<J : Facramehto. 48 «n!les per hour from
the northeast: Red UlutT. SC miles", north: Eu
reka. 3S roilcs, north; Independence. 36 miles,
north.
Forecast imS* at Fan Francisco for 30 hours
«>n<1lng midnight February 1. W01:-
A stfrm of considerable energy now overlies
naftern /"a'.ifornia. PhcuM this disturbance
move rarHly eastward" much colder weather
wiM result Tiver Southern California.
The temperature has already fallen 10 de
grees or more over the Sierras.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past !I4 hours ovor the southern half, of the
Pacific Plop*. 0w«r Nevada and along the
Firrras there has been a fall of three-tenths
of an inch or more.
F?.n Frarclsco data: Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, <">; mean. 45.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
EASTERN MARKETS.
pany caused a jump in the former stock of
STi on comparatively light trading. The com
pany's capital issue is a small one.' The Mo
bile and Ohio- <3evelop:nent Bet the speculators
upon a search for. securities of minor railroad
companies "whirh -would be tn anyway avail
ebl« as feeders o-~ connections for the great
railroad eystems of the' country in the opera
tion cf the policy of extaaelon cf interests.
The roads having Morgan affiliations were
X>t>omlnent In this connection. Chicago. In
dlanapclls and Louisville rcse 6 and the pre
ferred 10 points. There were gains of from 1
to S polnta In the. Chicago Great Western, C,
NETV TORK. Jan. Sl.-The stock narket was
largely plven over to manipulation by specu
lative cliques *nd operations by professionals.
There was a constant shifting cf activity from
one croup of ctocks to another and successive
n3vances developed hrre and there all day.
Prices cf «.he favored Issues were inclined to
drop back as coon as the manipulation was
¦hifte i from tliem,- but the final outburst of
cctivii7 and strength In the Pacific* and
Southwestern? lifted many 6tocks to near the
best again. The stocks under immediate man
ipulation at the close were, however, about
the crly cne« that closed at the Iiiehest. The
central flpure. Jn the day's market was South
ern Pacific. The pool which has been absorb
ing this stock for some time past apparently
succeeded in clearing ihe fle!d of a large part
of the waiting orders to «ell which •hune over
the ctock end" accomplished a tardy advance
In the prices. The dealings in the stock were
on tn enorrr.ous scale, and the extreme advance
wu 2H". " The fact that this advance carried
the etock across the Atchiaon eeemed to arouse
the emulation of the friends of that" stock and
they pushed It vigorously upward an extreme
r'£. through 'very heavy pfferings. ' The Pa
cifies eenerally syrcpauj'.zed. The announce
ment of the ..plan 'for the absorption of the
Mobile and Ohio by the Southern Kaijway Com-
Nezv York Stock Market.
The market ruled dull but fairly steady for
a while between 75%@76%c, but finally suc
cumbed to the heavy receipts and lack of
cash demand, as well as the good -weather, and
declined to 75%c. The close was steady %c
lower, at 73%c. Export bids were about 2c
out of line.
During the greater part of the session corn
was quiet and inclined lower. In sympathy -with
wheat. The trade was small and featureless.
May told between 39c and 3SHc, and closed
unchanged at 3Sv4S39c. / •
Oats were dull, narrow and bare of features.
May Bold between 23Uc and 2&Vic. closing a
shade lower at 25V»c.
Provisions were dull. Heavy selling of ribs
furnished the only feature. May pork closed
7%@10c lower; lard 2%@7V4c down, and May
ribs unchanged at 3c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
January ............ 73H 73% 73V4 73%
February 73V4 73*, 73 73%
May 76V4 76'i 73V4 7B»i
Corn No. 2 —
January 36"^ 37 36% 37
February 36% 37 36% 3G*4
May 39 39 38% "¦ S9'
Oats No. 2—
January 24 24 24 ?, • 24-
May 23Vi 25'i 25 ' 25«i
Mees Pork, per barrel-
January 13 80 13 80 li 70 13 72%
May 13 93 13 95 13 90 13 92'*
Lard, per 100 pounds-
January 7 33 7 35 " 7 35 7 33
March 7 35
May 7 42V4 7 424 7 40 7 42'^
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January 6 83 6 90 6 85 6 87V,
May ..0 97^ 7 00 6 97V& 6 97^
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
quiet and easy; No. 3 spring wheat, 68@71c;
No. a red, 75@76c; No. 2 90m, 37ijc; No. 2 yel
low, 34Vlc; No. 2 white oats, 27%@2S»4c; No 3
white. 26%®27*4c; No. 2 rye. 61®32c; fair to
choice malting barley. 66@57c : No. 1 ftaxseed.
$1 75; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 76; prime tim
othy seed. J4 65; mess pork, per barrel, J13 72'^
©13 82Vi; lard, per 100 pounds. $7 35; -short ribs
sides (loose). J6 85@7 10; whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 27; clover, contract grade. $ll@ll 25.
Articles — . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels- ....23,000 21,000
Wheat, bushels 40,000 58 000
Corn, bushels ....300.000 158.000
Oats, bushels 262.000 164 000
Rye, bushels 3,000 .....
Barley, bushels ...43.000 4,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
/
CHICAGO, Jan. 31.— May Wheat opened un
changed at 76&76%c, momentary firmness hav
ing been taken from the failure of Liverpool to
respond to the decline.
Chicago Grain Market.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 65@75c; Burbanks.
33@50c for River and S5c@?l 10 per ctl . for
Another large batch of over 10,800 sacks of
Potatoes came in, thus 'keeping the market
weak, especially for Oregon descriptions.
Onions show no change. Merced Sweets are
lower. > Vegetables are about • the same. Toma
toes being weak at the decline already noted,
with liberal stocks and a slow demand.'
SEEDS— Brown MuBtard, nominal; Tellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary. 3%&
?.%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7^i@9Hc; Rape. 2®
2&c; Hemp. SVfSS^c: Timothy. 6V4c. •
DRIED PEAS— Nilea, $2©2 £0; Green, $2 70
QZ per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 a(!@2 73; Small White.
H 6O@4 90; Large White, J4@4 25; Pink. $2 15®
2 33: Red. $3 25@3 50; Blackeye, J3@3 25: Llmas,
$3 60(&5 70: Pea. cleaned up and nominal; Red
Kidney. $3 75©4 per ctl.
There is no change in Beans, the market be
ing firm and closely held. '
Beans and Seeds.
Continued liberal receipts keep hay weak and
quiet. Bran still rules firm.
BRAN — $15@1G per ton:
MIDDLINGS-JIG 50019 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $16017 per
trn: Oilcake Meal, at the mill, J23S26; Jobbing
$26 60: Cocoanut Cake. $17® IS: Corn Meal $-'5
025 E0; Cracked Corn. $25 50(£f26; Mixed Keed
»16©16.
HAY— Volunteer, $3@8; Wheat, $llf?i3 60'
Wheat and Oat, $1O@12 60: Oat. J3@li 50-
Clover, nominal; Alfalfa, |S@9 50; Barley 17 56
@9 E0 per ton. <
STRAW— 35647«c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. J2 73; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 75
extra cream do. J3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50: Hom
iny. $3 D0GJ3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $404 25-
Cracked Wheat, $3 60; Farina, {4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. 13 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $c@
7 25; In sacks, $5 75®7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas, J3; Green Peas, $5 CO per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25®
3 50. usual terms;. Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 75@2 85 per barrel for family ana
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', $2 75
63.
Flour and Millstnffs.
WHEAT— Liverpool was dull but slightly
firmer on light Argentine offerings. The other
markets stood about the same.
At Chicago the market was dull and feature
less. There was no Increase In the selling
pressure. New York was buying. Minneapolis
wired that etocks there would probably de
crease about 600.COO bushels for the week. The
commission houses were the best buyers.
The local market was dull and unchanged.
The steamer Hero will take out nearly 6000
short tons, a large cargo".
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 9S?Jc; milling, $1@1 03
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— December— 2000
ctis. $1 07%. May— 6000 cits, tl 03%.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, $1 03%. De
cember—2C0O. $1 07Vi.
Regular Morning Session — May — 2CC0 ctls,
$1 03%; 2000, Jl C3%.
Afternoon Session— May— 10,000 ctls, $1 03%.
BARLEY— The market continues apathetic at
the old quotations. The new rail rate to the
East will be 50c per ctl, but it is only fixed for
a few weeks.
Feed. 76Wc for choice bright, 73%'57oc for No.
1 and 70(g72',4c f or O ff grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, £0@S2V4c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— The market stands precisely as be
fore, being quiet, but firmly held.
White, $1 30@l 50; Surprise, nominal; Red.
$1 2S@1 40 for Feed and $135^145 for Seed;
Gray nominal; Black, for Feed, $1 17V4®1 20;
for Seed, *1 25(H1 30 per ctl.
COR-N— Dullness continues the feature of the
market. Prices are unchanged. Yellow, $1 15-
White. $1 13; Eastern, mixed, Jl 12^ per ctl.
RYE— 85fi?87 1 /ac per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at tl S5 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $i R5',4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 R9
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — . 17>4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 22H
Silver, per ounce — 60>i
Mexican Dollars, nominal 60V4 @ 61
Lead was dull at Jl 37H- Spelter was inac
tive but easy at J4@4 05. Pigiron was dull at
$9 E0@10 60 for warrants; Northern foundry,
J15®16 60. _^ .,
Copper was weak. Lake Superior was quoted
nominally at $17; casting, $16 62%. According
to the figures of the United States Bureau of
Statistics the exports of copper for 1900
amounted to 154,347 ton* of 2400 pounds. This
includes old copper exported.
NEW YORK, Jan. 31. — Speculative dealings
In the local metal market were conspicuous by
their absence. Trading was of the hand-to
mouth crder and the general sentiment waa
bearlshly Inclined. Tin, though not quotably
lower here, was easy in tone, with the nomi
nal figure at the close $26 25.
Nezv York Metal Market.
The market for evaporated apples was mod
erate and about Eteauv at fully maintained
prices. State common was quoted at 3%@4%c;
prime, 4%@5c; choice, Mj6c: fancy, 6@7c. Cal
ifornia dried fruits active, but steady. Prunes
quoted at 3 ! i'a S^o per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%912c; Moorpark, 8Vi
®15c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 14SlSc; unpeeled. 6V4®10c.
EGGS — Receipts, 7031 packages; unsettled;
Western at mark, 2O',g21c; Southern, at mark,
19@20c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2483 packages; steady;
creamery, 16@22c; June creamery, 15® 20c; fac
tory. 11© 14c.
Sl.'GAR-
-Raw, firm, but quiet; refined, quiet,
COFFEB— Spot Rio. easy; No. 7 Invoice, 6T4c;
mild market, dull and easy; Cordova, 8S12V4c
Futures closed steady, B@10 points higher;
total Bales, 25.S00 bag3, including March, $5 25<?8
5 30; April, $5 30; May, 15 35<?5 45: July, $."> 45®
5 £0; September, to 60; October, $5 65; Decem
fcfr. $5 75© 5 SO.
WOOL— Steady
WHEAT— Receipts, 90.900 bushels; spot,
steady; N.o. 2 red, 80T«c f. o. b. afloat: No. 1
Northern Duluth. 86^0 f. o. b. afloat: No. 1
hard Duluth. 90%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened steady on English news, but drifted
off under a dull local trade, being Influenced
by large primary receipts, disappointing clear
ancps and lack of support, and finally rallied
slightly on export business and cash demand
from shorts. The close was steady at %@%c
net decline. March, 79 7-16@&OV4c. closed at
7&=ic: May, 80H@SO*ic closed at 80»ic; July,
SOM.tiS'^c. closed at SOVic.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
EEATHER— Steady.
NEW YORK. Jan. 31.— FLOUR— Heceipts.
21.130 barrels; exports, 1764 barrels; nominal
and unchanged from yesterday, with trade dull.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
ninth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN rRAN'CISCO. Jan. 31—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of name date
la-«t season, anl rainfall In last twenty-four
hours : .- «
Weather Report.
'»c undfr general quotations. Apricots are
pasifr and poeds can be bought, it is under
stood, as low as 7c. Peachy are fairly steady.
There If some Jobbing inquiry for cheap un
peeied peaches. Peek-tl are not much wanted.
Prime evaporated apple* are dull and un
ch.ar.geJ. Choice and fancy are firm and in
Quite pood jobbing demand. Prunes are dull
«nd easy, -with" Rome small Jobbing demand for
60-70s and the very email sizes."
sp T'-iC for cartons. Palos of coast seeded are
Fail to have been made at S^c.; which is about
Lst»» mall reports from Now York- Fay:
"Tfure is no change in the situation in dried
fruit?, oxt-ept that the market Ik,.' if anything,
even duller than it has been. Tfie local trade
Is practically Fitting with .hands folded.
Beueetr a sieTi of but!r.?5s of may importance
arpears in ar.y -.quarter, pnd .-th«"re is an al
mnFt absolutp lack of anything worthy to be
railed a feature. There Is a iiribblrng Jobbing
demand for immediate wants, but sales of
more than a few boxes or b<xgs are few and
far between. - "
"RaiFins are quiet; and unchanged, with
practically no inqulrj*. for loose. Seeded are
<-sf>". and there are reports of offer? as low
Dried Fruit Still Dull.
for. The Afghanistan, with 9*01 cases, is cx
p«rote<l in Liverpool very shortly, whilst the
Fir-gal, with a very Iarpe quantity, is expected
In Lcndrn within a week or two. Falmcn in
Liverpool continues fal^y firm, with plenty of
inquiry for Alaska tailn and Kra*«"r half-
I*und flat?. Fruilf— There is very little move
ment, but the arrival of the Afghanistan,
which 1? expected shortly at Llver|K>ol with
91.399' cas«>s, may t*> expected to cause some
¦mount, of activity In the market.
Tb* London Grocers' Gazette says: Salmon—
On the whole business is somewhat disappoint
ing, and has scarcely yet recovered from the
holiday feeling. The jx^ltion is Ftpady, and
an parly Improvement In the demand is lookPd
Fruit and Salmon in London.
L^cal -bark clparlnsti in January were $53,
ejS.MS, s£a!r.«=t POtSIXUi for January, 1900.
Bank. Clearings in January.
The January, coinace of the local Mint was
J4.4SS.ooo. consisting ot J2.Cf0.O00 in eagles. J2,-
R9.W8 in half-caflrs and $SSS,000 in standard
dollars.
Coinage of the Mint.
custom collections In January wore
January Customs Collections.
".. C. and St. Louis stocks, the Iowa 'Cen
rals. Des'Moines and Fort Dodge. St. Joseph
tnd Grand Island first preferred and the Wis
onala Centrals. None of these gains were fully
¦naintained. Yesterday's strength In the steel
stocks continued at the opening, but was not
maintained during the day. There was more
or Uei realizing In evidence among stocks
which have had their previous rise this week
ar.d the market continued Irregular all day.
To-day's sub-treasury statement reflects the
payments for the geld withdrawn for to-day's j
shipment? and makes the net loss by the banks I
to the Government institution for the week |
thus far t2.SM.00O. The movement of currency 1
from the Interior is reported lighter than last |
week, n that no such favorable bank state- j
ment as that of last week is expected. The j
money * market, however, continues so extreme- I
ly Ft*>aily that not much attention is paid to I
the bank statement. Sterling exchange hovered I
near the point to-day which would yield a !
profit on a shipment of gold 'to London:
Business In railroad bonds continued large.
Total sale*. J5.225.0C0.
Vnited States 3s and new 4s ad
vanced U per cent on the last call. • /
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. /
Shares " Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
CT..500 Atchison •. ««i
34.3^0 Atchiron* prefd 87
S.«OQ Baltimore & Ohio 83^
Canadian Pacific S3
Canada Southern 67
5.2'lrt t"hi-=apeaki? & Ohio 394
l'>.7i"0 Ohlcaco Great Western 18% j
17.90") Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 144"i
12.r«iO Chicago Ind & Louisville 27
7,3*) Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 64
I""*) Chicago & Eastern Illinois 92»4
.• 1,y<0 Chicago A Northwestern 172>^
34.0^> Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 1251*
2.C00 f* C C.& St Louis 76V2
Colorado Southern "'4
2no Colorado Southern 1st prefd 33?i
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd I6V3
2,100 Delaware & Hudson 1S2W
1M Delaware Lack & Western 194 "
I'M Denver & Rio Orande 3114
«*> Denver & Rio Grande prefd S2=i
23.3M> Krie 2V4(,
12.S00 Krie 1st preM 63%
K00 firfat Northern prefd 192
200 Hooking Coal !5
:.on Hocking Valley 43
2^0 Illinois Central 129Vi
2.4'¥) Iowa Central 26
1.200 Iowa Central prefd t2'£
Lake Erie & Western 41
I^ake Erie & Western prefd 110
Lake Shore 210^i
34.300 Ixjutsville & Nashville fc9>i
11.000 Manhattan L 1171^ j
100 Metrcpolitnn-Rtreet Railway 162 |
1W Mexican Central .'13%'
• 1C«) Minneapolis & St Louis t»
¦200 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 1O6V4
U.KiO Missouri Pacific IsSU I
26.400 Mobile & Ohio 6«i, |
fi.100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 1914 j
;2.Of/O Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd nb\ •
400 New Jersey Central 153 i
2.700 New York Central I43»i
6,400 Norfolk & Western 4414
Norfolk & Western prefd S3Vi
22.4r«) Northern Pacific J.2» 4
1,50* Northern Pacific prefd 87 I
7,500 Ontario & Western 31% I
Oregon Ry & Navigation 42
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76
8,200 .Pennsylvania 146'i ,
f>.HM Reading .• 311*,
9,100 Reading 1st prefd 71% i
5.400 Reading 2d prefd 42»^
Rio Grande Western 65V4
Rio Grande Western prefd 92 !
16,fO0 s=t Lou'.s & Fan Francisco 30Vi j
200 St Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd. SO !
4.900 St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd.. £9Vi I
6,900 St Louis Southwestern 23'A I
2.300 St Louis Southwestern prefd 51% I
42.500 St Paul l51Vi I
L200 St Paul prefd l»2»i I
St Paul & Omaha 130 |
222.S0O Southern Pacific 48% .
I*. 90ft Southern Railway 22*4 I
23.&.0 Southern Railway prefd 73U !
8.200 Texas & Pacific 27 7 ,i |
SS.7)0 Tnion Pacific m*4 !
8.000 I.'nion Pacific prefd S3T«
2.000 Wabash '.. 13
6.W) Wabash prefd 27Ti
1.200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 11%
1<V) Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 28^
8.200 Wisconsin Central ."..'17%
Third Avenue 1 12c
600 Baltimore & Ohio prefd ?6Vi
400 National Tube 68%
300 National Tube prefd SS&
Express Companies —
Adams 155
American 178
Vnited States 64
Wells Fargo 135
Miscellaneous—
WO American Cotton Oil SOVJ
American Cotton Oil prefd SSH
American Malting 4V4
American Malting prefd 24
11.100 American Smelting & Refining 68%
1,000 American Smelting & Ref prefd 97V4
American Spirits * 2
American Spirits prefd 17
3.200 American Steel Hoop 27',i
l(>0 American Steel Hoop. prefd 71^4
£6,600 American Steel & Wire 44V*
8,400 American Steel & Wire prefd SSVi
2.500 American Tin Plate 66}i
ICO American Tin Plate 87
9,100 American Tobacco 114T4
American Tobacco prefd 138
300 Anaconda Mining Co 41%
10.400 Brooklyn RaDid Transit 77
C.000 Colorado Fuel & Iron 46%
8,200 Continental Tobacco 44%
300 Continental Tobacco prefd 9o4
11.700 Federal Steel 44
5.200 Federal Steel prefd.... 72^4
200 General Electric 190V.
100 Glucose S»ugar 49^4
Glucose Susar prefd 96
1,200 International Paper 20%
1,200 International Paper prefd... CT
Laclede Gas 72
100 National Biscuit 3S=i
National Biscuit prefd 52
400 National Load i6«4
4,200 National Lead prefd; S7\i
400 National Steel 40»4
. 400 National Steel prefd si
l.fOO New York A!r Brake 154
1,000 North American 20
Pacific Coast t3
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 87
Pacific Coast 2d prefd C3
6.200 Pacific Mail 44
5.400 People's Gas B9»4
Pressed Steel Car 37^
300 Pressed Steel Car prefd 7914
21,000 Pullman Pr.lace Car ;oo
Standard Rope & Twine 3%
12,000 Sugar .' 135%
Sucar Drefd us
1.900 Tennessee Coal & Iron hRM,
3.C00 I'nitcd fstates Leather.. '. 1314
-' 100 Vcited Ftates Leather prefd 74»i
¦LCOO rnlted States Rubber 191;
200 rnlted States Rubber prefd. r,o
. cm Western Union S3W
-1.200 Amal*TOOted Copner fniZ
• 300 Republic Iron & Steel Co uy.
100 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd r.8y.
P'C C & Et Louis 61%
1,078.100 Chares 'sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
I CT R 2s ref r*g 10:»i N Y Cent lsts 106*;
U S 2s ref coup...lC5«4 N J Cent Ken 6s. .12$
U S!i reg ..110 M Pacific 3s...:.. . 715;
U S 2m coup Ill N Pacific 4a lOjS
U K new 4s reg 137% N Y C & St L 4s.lOS>«t
U S new 4s coup..l38H N & W cbn 4s 100V.
L* S old 4s reg 113',4 Or Xav lsts 103 "
V S old 4s coup...U3Vfc Or Nav 4s 103%
U S 5s reg 110% Or Short Line «s..l30
U-S 5s coup 111% Or S Line con 5S..11UU
Dlst of Col 3.C5S...125 Reading Gen 4s... »4»i
Atchison gen 4S....103H fl G W lsts 99>I
Atchison adj 4s 91'> St L & I M con Ss 115*4
Canada So 2ds Ill St L & S F gen Cs l'S
Ches & Ohio 4V£s..lCi6% St Paul cons 1SS
Ches & Ohio 5s 121 St P C & P lsts..HS>4
C & NW con 7s.. .189^5 St P C & P Cs 119«I
Z & N WSFdeb 5s. 124 3o Pacific 4s 8614
Chgo Terminal 4s. 66T4 So Railway 5s 115
Colo Southern 4s... '65% Stand It & T 6s.... 04
D & R O 4s.. ......101% Tex & Pac lsts. ...117
Erie General 4s M Tex & Pae 2ds.'... 98 .
F W & r> C lsts.. SI Union Pacific 4s...lG<>'&
Gen Electric 5s 159% Wabash lsts 119Vt
towa Central lsts..U6»i Wabash 2ds 103H
Morninsr 'Session.
Board —
200 Caribou .-. 71
50 Caribou 73
300 El Dorado 2 00
3C0 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 39
I 200 Home Oil 4 13
1100 Junction 87
1000 Junction, b 60 90
1000 Lion Oil Co • 22
1500 Monarch of Arizona 80
250 Monarch of Arizona S6
1400 Monte Crtsto ¦ 2 45
100 Occidental of West Virginia., 75
50 Peerless 8 37%
50 Peerless 8 50
3500 Petroleum Center 24
1000 Reed Crude Oil Co 63
: 50 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 13 00
200 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 13 25
100 Sterling O & D Co 3 35
400 Yukon. ¦ 66
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Bear Flag 45
200 Bear Flag 47
£00 California-Standard 3S
100 Central Point Con 2 85
1600 Four Oil Co 55
1100 Four Oil Co 66
500 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 3S
400 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 37
1000 Hanford-Fresno-Kern River 35
650 Junction S?
500 Junction, b 60 ¦ 90
50 Kern Oil Co 11 €2%
150 Kern River 13 00
250 Monarch of Arizona 86
200 Monte Cristo 2 60
400 Mor.te Crlsto 2 42%
200 Monte Cristo 2 45
25 Occidental of West Virginia 76
100 Occidental of West Virginia 70
100 Occidental of West Virginia 63
. 100 Occidental of West Virginia.. 6S
100 Occidental of West Virginia 67
* 10O11 City Petroleum 35 CO
30 Peerless 8 50
300 Reed Crude Oil Co '. 70
50 San Joaquin Oil & Dev, b 30 13 31
25 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 13 37%
40 Sterling O & D Co 3 30
10O Twenty-eight 2 25
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Jan. 31-2:30 p. m.
STOCKS. Bid! Asked:
American Fuel & Oil Co 25 2S
Aetna 42 —
Buckhorn — 3 00
Burlington — • 15-
Bear Flag 45 4S
Black Jack 42 —
Central Point — 83
Continental — 1 C5
California Standard 37 £S
Caribou 71 .; —
El Dorado : 2 15 ::— "
Four £5 —
Hanford — 120 CO
Hanfcrd. Fresno, Kern River.. 3*1 35
Homo ••••• 4 10 4 15
Homestake — 10 50
Independence 19 20
Junction 86 —
Kern 11 62% 12 CO
Lion Oil Co.... 22 23
Los Angeles O & T Co.... 3 50 —
McXlttrlck S3 36
McKlttrlck Consolidated 17 19
Monarch of Arizona 88 .-$7
Monte Cristo 2 45 2 47%
Oil City Petroleum...., — 35 00
Petroleum Center •• 23 :.tl
Plttsburg 40 —
Reed Crude 68 70
Rex — 73
San Joaquin O & D Co 13 23 —
Sterling O & D Co 3 30 3 49
Sunset Original 33 —
Superior — 30
Senator - ! 05 2 30
Twenty-Eight 2 22% 2 27%
Wcstlake • 22 23
Westshore 4 50 473
Yukon _ ................| 55 _
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and ' Exchange Board yester
day:
Mornlns Session. ¦
200 Hale & Norcrs 171 200 Potosi as
200 Mexican 25! 300 Savage ' is
700 Ophir ..: 621 •
¦ . Afternoon Session.
200 Beat & Belcher 2fi . 700 Ophlr M
- 100 Best &' Belcher 25 100 Savage is
600 Con Cal & Va.l 55 800 Sierra Nevada! IS
20 Con Cal & Va.l 50 100 Union Con .. 24
200 Mexican 2S 400 Union Con .... 23
THURSDAY, Jan. 31-2 p. xa.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
-Bid. Ask. I • %£«mwv'
4s quar coup..H3%1144'4s do cp (new)13^ t 138%
4s do res... ...'.113^114^,33 do coup 110»inl%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co PCo6s.lO.» - Oak Water 5s. — 102%
Cal-st Cab Bs.116 — Oceanic SS os — 109
C C Water 5S.106 — Om C Ry 6s---J2S —
EdL&P 6s.. 131 135 Pac Gimp 4S.1M -
F & Cl Ry 6s.U4tf - P & Cl Ry 6s.l<b -
Geary-st R 3s. — — P&ORR «s. — —
H C & S 5%s.lOSH — Powell-st R 6H.120H —
Do Es 104% — =?ac E G&R 6s. — 99%
I, A R 5s 112»4 — S F & SJV Bs.120 —
LALCo 6s.. -' - S R of Cal •«.«•-
Dd gntd 6s.. — 104 3 P R Of A 6s. 110^111
Do 5s — — SPC«3(1903.
L A PR R 5s.l01% — Series A)..-. — 111
Market Cab 6s. 126 — Do (Series B)1U —
Do 1st M 58.122% — Do (190«) 113 -
N* C N G R 7s. - 113% Do (1912) 122 -
N R of Cal 63.112 - ? P R 1st g 5S.1C7 lCSfc
Do 5s — 120tf S P B R C 6s.l31«i —
N P C R R 6S.10U4 — S V Water 6a.ll4Vi —
Do 5s 10S^ — Do 4s 104 —
N Cal Ry 5S...11OV4 — Do 3d mtg...W2 —
OGLiH 5s.H0*i — Stktn Gas 6s.. 103 —
Oak Tran 6s... — 115
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa... 6S% 63V4! Spring Valley. 82 92%
Marln County. 52Vi — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Tent L & P Co 2%, 4 Pac L Co 42»i 44"'4
Eqult a L Co. 2*i 3 Sac B G&RCo. — 37'^
Mutual El Co. V* 8% S F G & E.... 47% 47»i
OO L & H.... — 50H San Francisco. 4S 4%
Pac Gas Imp. 43% 44i»! Stktn G & E.. — II
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 228 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd. 77 — Lon P & A. ...143 —
Bank of Cal. .410 — Merchants' Ex 16 —
Cal S D Sc T..105U106 S F Nat Bnk.. — 1^
First National — 312%
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.... — 1830 Sav & L So... — —
Hum S & L... — — Sec Sav Bnk. .275 —
Mut Sav Bnk. 50 — Union T Co... — —
S F Sav U....510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 133 — O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-et 47% — Presidio 17% 20
Market-st 6S% 63
'. POWDER STOCKS.
California .....150 — Vigorlt *H i^m
Giant Con Co. 83 S3H
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana 8 P Co. 9 9Vi Kilauca ECa- 21%
Haw C & S Co — 87% Makawell S Co 42 —
Honokaa S Co. 31% 31%;Onomea S Co. 28 —
Hutch S P Co. 26% 27%>Paauhau S Co. 32% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. 126 127 Oceanic SS Co.102%104
Cal Fruit Asn. — 107 Pac A F A 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac Bor Co 155 —
Mer Ex Asn... 95 — Par Paint Co.. 12% —
Morning Session.
Board—
150 California Wine Association 100 00
10 Contra Costa Water 63 00
45 Hana Plantation Co 8 50
23 Hana Plantation Co 8 62%
50 Hana Plantation Co 8 75
75 Hana Plantation Co 8 87%
5 Hana Plantation Co 9 00
45 Hutchinson S P Co 26 "5
50 Makawell 42 25
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s, b 2 120 00
15 Paauhau S P Co 32 2*
Street — •
J40C0 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 104 37%
. Afternoon Session.
; Board—
60 California Wine Association 100 00
6 Giant Powder Con 83 25
45 Giant Powder Con 83 CO
100 Hana Plantation Co 9 00
100 Hana Plantation Co 9 12%
J3C00 Los Angeles Ry 5s 112 25
30 Makawell 42 12%
60 Makawell 42 00
J10CO Market-st Ry 1st con 5s 122 50
J30C0 Oakland Transit Co 6s 114 00
5 Oceanic S S Co 103 00
110 Paauhau S P Co 32 12%
30 Pacific Gas Improvement '..... 44 00
70 S F Gas and Electric Co 47 75
50 S F Gas and Electric Co 47 50
Street—
J2000 Hawaiian C & S Co 6s 10137%
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
The only change worthy of note on the Bond
Exchange In the morning was an advance In
Hana Sugar to $9. This stock has been creep
ing up lately. The other stocks were dull.
There was not much change In the afternoon.
On the Oil Exchange there were no marked
variations, but the usual brisk business was
done. In the afternoon Occidental declined
to 67c. i
stock" and bond exchange.
Sterling Exchange high and rising. Silver advanced. ¦
WJxcat and Barley dull at previous prices.
So variation in Oats, Corn and Rye. ¦
Hax still weak under free arrivals. Bran firm.
Beans firmly held, but quiet.
Continued excessive receipts of Potatoes and Tomatoes.
Onions and most southern Vegetables unchanged.
Poultry slozi' of sale and in heavy supply. Game steadier.
Butter^ Cheese and Eggs about as before.
Eight cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-day.
Fresh Mexican Limes arrived.
Dried Fruit dealers making concessions to sell.
Provisions dull, but steadily held.
Hogs in light supply and firm.
Light sales on the Bond Exchange. Oil stocks active.
Local bank clearings. decreased in January. . -
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balnnces shows: Available cash
balances 1 . $142,367,715; gold. J71.421.421.
NEW YORK. Jan. 31.— Money on call steady
at I%fff2 per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
S'iO^H- Sterling exchange firm, with actual
business In bank bills at $4 SS for demand and
nt J4 S4»-iff-J 84% for 60 days. Posted rates, J4 85
(ff4 SSH*f4 S9. Commercial bills, J4 S3V404 84;
silver certificates. 62f?63c: bar silver. 60»4c;
Mexican dollars, 47c. Government bonds strong;
State bonds inactive; railroads strong.
NtlU York Money Market.
LONDON, Jan. 31.— Atchlson, 4S»i; Canadian
Pacific, 91^4; Union Pacific preferred, 82Vi:
Northern Pacific preferred, S?^4; Grand Trunk,
7; Anaconda. SH- Money, 4*^5 per cent. Bar
sliver closed firm, at 27 15-lGd per ounce.
CLOSING
The failure of the bank to reduce the bank
rate )i»rl no effect whatever. The American
department was cheerful at the opening, trad
ing grew more and more brisk, and after a
session which was active throughout, closed at
the liveliest, with prices at the best. The
lead came from New York, whence there
were many buying orders, especially In the
Union Pacific shares. These Ehares and the
Southern Pacifies were in great demand on the
consummation of the Mobile and Ohio deal.
Money continued stiff. Call loans were made
at 4H-
Business on the Stcck Exchange was pretty
good to-day. The tone was more satisfac
tory since the settlement has been concluded
without any fresh outbreak of the troubles
from the West Australians. It is hoped now
that this is all over.
NEW YORK. Jan. 31.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablecram says:
b ¥- ,V nl 4^—101%/ West Shore 4s. .....114
«i t- £ T 2d ?----- 80U./\Vls Cent 4s S9i*
M *¦ & T 4s 97»ilVa Centuries 96
MIXING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Uttle Chief 14
*Hce 42 Ontario 6 50
Breece 1 75 Dphir 54
Rrunswlck Con 25 Phoenix C7
?omstock Tunnel... f4 Potosi : /. 07
Con Cal &. Va 140 Savage '.. 12
Deadwood Terra.... 52 'lerra Nevada 14
rlorn Silver 1 10 ; Small Hopes «5
Tron Silver -.- 64 Standard 4 20
Lcadville Con 06!
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— IL'nion Pacific S4%
Tall loans 3®4 Union Land 2\i
Dme loans 3® 4 West End 93^
Stocks— SVflstlnKhouse El... 55
A T & 3 F 43U Bonds—
4 T & S F prefd... 87 N* E Gas&Coke 5s. 66
American Sugar.. .1S5 Mining Shares-
Am Sugar prefd.. ..118U Adventure 9*4
B«U Telephone 162?i Allouez Mln Co.... 15%
Boston & Albany. .254 -jAmalK Copper 8914
Boston Elevated... 165 Atlantic 25
Boston & Maine.. .194 iBoston & Mont.. ..315
Chgo, Bur & Q — 144% B Ut te & Boston.... 77
Oominion Coal 34Vi Daiuinet & Hecla..845
Dom Coal prefd.. ..108V4 Tentennial 22
Federal Steel 44 Tranklln 16»i
Fed Steel prefd.... 72 Humboldt 25
Fltchburg prefd. ...141^ Dsceola 81
General Electric... 191 Parrot 47
Gen Elec prefd 159 Quincy 163
Ed Elec 111 230 Santa Fe Copper... 6>£
Mexican Central... 13f» Tamarack 328
N E Gas & Coke.. 11% Utah Mining .... 32
Old Colony 20S tt'lnona 5
5Id Dominion 30H Wolverines 4S&
Rubber lS^t
London Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WHEAT— Steady. No. 1 California, 6s 4d;
No. 2 red Western. 6s Id: No. 1 Northern
spring. 6s 3V-d. Futures— Quiet. March, 6s
Hd: May, 6s »4d.
CORN— Sr>ot — Quiet. American mixed new.
3s lid; American mixed old. 4s. Futures-
Quiet. February. 3s 10%d; March, 3s 9%d;-May,
3s 9!id.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Jan. 31.— Consols. 97 1-16; silver,
27"*d; French rentes. lC2f 12Hc; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California, 30s; English country markets,
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 31.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, 6s 3%d(fJ6s 4d: wheat In
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, steady: weather In England, cold.
Cotton, uplands, 5 7-16d.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA. Jan. 31.— Wheat— Quiet and steady,
Bluestem. 58%c; club, SCc.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND. Jan. 31.— Wheat— Steady; Walla
Walla, 5Cc. Shipments for January, 1,249,608
bushels of wheat and 94,751 barrels of flour.
Total shipments of wheat for the season to
data .are. 7.C66.9C0 bushels of wheat and 614.973
barrels of flour. Foreign exports of wheat
from Portland for the week ending to-day were
60.SC0 bushels.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Jan. 21.— Clearings, $288,335;
balances. J1S.897.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, Jan. 31.— The cotton market
closed quiet and steady, 2 points higher.
A T ezv York Cotton Market.
LONDON, Jan. SI.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 13,860 bales.
Competition was brisk- and good grades were
in demand. Fine crossbreds were taken by
the home trade and America at extreme rates.
The home trade secured a large quantity of
scoured. The Continent bought Merinos.
Broken pieces were In good request. The sale
is scheduled to clcsj on February 9. It Is
estimated that 90,000 bales will be held over
for the second series.
London Wool Sales.
Sheep— Receipts. 12,00a Sheep and lambs
steady to slow. Good to choice wethers, $3 S0@
4 00; fair to choice mixed, $3 40@3 S5; Western
sheep, J3 80® 4 45; Texas sheep, J2 50@3 60; na
tive lambs. $4 35@5 35; Western lambs, J5@3 35.
Hogs— Receipts, S2.000 to-day, to-morrow 25,-
C00; left over,,20C0. Market 5@10c lower, clos
ing steadier. Top, $5 32V4: mixed and butchers,
J5 10@5 30; good to choice heavy, J5 20^5 Z2\i;
rough heavy. J5 O55J5 15; light, $5 10@5 2.5; bulk
of ealcs. »5 17^®5 25.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Jan. 31.— Cattle— Receipts 75C0. In
cluding 500 Texans. Choice Steers, 5@10c
higher; others steady to strong. Good to
Prime Steers, $5 10<S6; poor to medium, $3 43
©5; stockera and feeders, choice firm, others
steady, J3@4 CO; Cows. J2 70@l 23; Heifers, f2 73
Qi 40; Canners, $2@2 65; Bulls, firm, $2 50@3 23;
Calves, steady, $405 75; Texas Fed Steers. $4@
4 SO; Texas Grass Steers, J3 3O#4; Texas Bulls,
J2 50@3 CO.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Feb. Mar. May.
Opening- 6 ltt 6 1%
Closing ' 6 ltt 6 IVs
t •.-:. PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening 18 75 19 55
Closing.. 18 80 • 19 65
Opening 23 60 24 95
Closing ....23 75 25 00
FOR THURSDAY, JANUARY' 31.
Flour, qr ska.... 23.160! Wool, bales 25
Wheat, ctls 6,360 Wine, gals 24.900
Barley/ctls' 5.950 Brandy, gals .... 1,850
Oats ctls 1.210 Leather, rolls' .. 9S
Rye. ctls 660 Hides. No 291
Potatoes, sks ... 10,461 Pelts, bdls 2.937
Onions, .sks 12 Lime, bbls 361
Bran, sks 1.463 Sugar, ctls ..:... 300
Middlings, sks .. 77*5 Quicksilver, Csks 23
Haj\ tons 62)'
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 8,932 Potatoes, sks ... 393
Wheat, ctls 476 Wool, bales 2
Oats, ctls MZO \^-
Receipts of Produce.
Crushed, 6.25c; Powdered, 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated, o.SIc; Dry Granulated, 6.75c; Confec
tioners' A;', 5.75c; Magnolia "A, S.35c; Extra C,
S.25c; Golden C. 5.15c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c '< more. No orders ¦ taken for less than . 75
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels, 6.50c; boxes. 6.75c per lb.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton: Southfield
Wellington. 19; Seattle. J7; Bryant. $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. S9; Co-operative Walla
end. $9; ¦ Cumberland. J12 In bulk and J13 25 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, J14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ten in bulk and
$18 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $s 45
per . 20t/J lbs and $S 50 rer ton. according to
brand. '
: SUGAR— The .Western Sugar Refinlns Com
pany quotes, rer lb. In ICO-lb bags:
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. S3 63: Calcutta
Grain Bass. June and July, C76c; "Wool Bags,
30@32%c; Fleece Twfet, 7H-c.
General Merchandise.
LAMB— lOGllc per lb: spring. 12«4c per lb
PORK— Live Hogs. 6®fiW,c for small and" 6©
6%c for medium and 5%(S5%c for large; stock
Hogs, 5@5Vic; feeders, SUQV/ic; dressed Hogs.
VEAL— Large. 7QSc; small. 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9>£@10c; Ewes, 9Q9«ic
per lb. •
Hogs are in light supply and firm at the
advance already reported, . Beef. Mutton and
Vial are easy, as the high prices have seri
ously reduced the consumption.
BEEF— 7@Sc tor Steers and 6@7'ic per lb
for Cows. .
San Francisco Afeat Market.
Fall Clip— San Joaqutn. 6H@Sc: do lambs 8Q
9c: Middle County. 9@10c: Northern Mountain
free, 10@llc; Southern Mountain. - ?HSSy>c-
Humboldt and Mendoclno. ll®12c per lb. * '
HOPS— 13@16c per lb; from sceond hands 160
20c are the asking prices.
WOOL-Sprlng Clip is quotable as follows-
Northern, free. 15@16c: Northern, defective 12a
14c. Middle County, free. 15«?16c: Middle Coun
ty, defective. 1257 14c: Southern Mountain 1"
months', 9JT10c; Southern Mountain, free 7
months', lKBlIc; Southern Mountain, 'defective
7 months', 9@llc: Humboldt and Mendoclno 16
@17c: Nevada, 13<gl6c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands gell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers
9V4c; medium, 9c; light. 8@8V4c; Cow Hides'
SVic for heavy and 8@8Hc for light; Stags, 6@
6%c: Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 9c- Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 15Hc; Culls, 13Hc- dry
Kip. 15c: Dry Calf. lG@17c; culls knd brands
14c; Sheepskins shearlings. 20«i30c each- short
Wool. 30#55c each; medium, 6Oe75c; long Wool
75c@U each: Horse Hides, salt. |2 5Q@2 75 tt.'r
large and $2@2 25 for medium. Jl@i 25 for small
and.SOc for colts: Horse Hides, dry. Jl 75 for
large, %\ 50 for medium. 51 25 for small and 60c
for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins 35c
fall or medium eklns, 30c; Winter or thin skins'
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4U@4%c per lh-
No. 2. 3%c; grease, 2@2%c. . v D>
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll<gll«4c per lb for
heavy. HH®12c for light medium. 12%@13 C for
light. ia4@Uc for extra light and 15@l5Uc for
sugar-cared; Eastern sugar-cured Ham.
12c: Mess Beef. J12 per barrel; extra Mesa $13'
Family, J14: extra Prime Pork. Jisgu 50; extra
clear. $19 50@20; Mess, J17; Smoked Beef, {3*
per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted nt 6H@6%c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, nnre
9tfc; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins. 9%c. '
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, s^c three
half -barrels. Sc: one tierce, 7%c; two tierces
7%c: five tierces, 7%c per lb. ,:. ?"•
Hides ;IT allow, Wool and Hops.
There Is no further change to report. Busl
ress is dull In everything except Hams, which
p.re meeting with a fair demand.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie:
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp-
Fon's. 9c rer lb. Sultanas— Fancy. lOVJc per
lb; choice, 9Hc; Etandard. $\c. prime. 8c; un
bleached Sultanas, Sc; Seedless. 50-lb boxes.
fUc; 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown. 6Hc; 2-crown. 6c.
Pacific brand. 2-crown, Sc; 3-crown, &Vic. and
4-crown. 5Hc: seeded (Fresno prices), fancy,
lG-ounce, 7c; 12-ounce, BHc; choice, 16-ounce|
fi%c: 12-ounce. 5Uc; London Layers, 2-crown'
Jl 50 per box: 3-crown. Jl 60: Fancy Clusters"
J2; Dehesa, J2 60; Imperial, J3. All prices f.
o. b. at common shipping points In California'
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8<3l0c per lb- for Italian*
¦U'alnuts? No. 1. softshell. 10c; No. 2, V£c- No'
1 hardshell. 9V4c: No. 2, 7c: Almonds - 12®13n
for papershell. QfiUc for softshell: Peanuts 5
<fT6c for Eastern ; Brazil Nuts, 13c: Filberts
13c: Pecans, ll@13c: Cocoanuts, Jl 5C®5
HONEY— Comb. 13%(gl4Uc for bright and 12%
ffllSc for light amber; water white extracted
7%<fiSc; light amber extracted, 6$4@7c- dark'
6^6Hc per lb. ' '
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb:
Provisions.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras. 4 sizes 3c;
30-40s, 7c; 40-50s. 6Uc; B0-60s. 4»;c; 6O-70s. S\c;
70-SOs, 3^ic: S0@90s. 3%c: 90-lOOs. 2Vic; 100-120S.
H4c; rubies, %c premium; Sonomas. *&c and
San Joaqutns. Vic less than Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same. Apri
cots, 6<£8c for Royals and lOfiHO^c for Moor
parks: Evaporated Apples, 4 l ir5'4c: Fun-dried.
mQ2^*c; Peaches. 3*34c for standard, 3V4@Ic for
choice and 5%®6%c for fancy: Pears, Sr@7c:
Plums, pitted. 5©8V4c; unpltted, lttlMc: Nec
tarines. 5(S5Hc for red and 5H@6c for white.
Sales of Peaches are reported at ' the new
prices, dealers having become disgusted with
the prevailing dullness. It is reported that
ether fruits are being »cut In the same way,
tnd still the market remains lifeless.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. Sl@2: Seed
lings, 5Oc<@Jl; Tangerines, 75c@Jl 50; Mandarins.
75c@Jl; Lemons, 25c@Jl 25 for common and Jl 50
J?2 tor good to choice: Grape Fniit. $1@2: Mex
k-an Limes, $3: California Limes, 23@3oc:
Bananas, 5!)c@$l 50 per bunch; Pineapples. iic<ff
J2 per dozen.
APPLES — 35© 65c per box for common. 75c®
Jl CO for good to choice and $1 7502 for fancy.
PEARS— 65c® Jl 50 per box.
CRANBERRIES— Wisconsins. $13 50 per bar
rel.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Eight cars of Oranges will be offered at to
day's auction. Stocks of Oranges are suffi
cient, without being excessive. Lemons are
very dull at uncharged prices. Arrival of 532
ruses Mexican Limes, -which are slightly
hlcher.
There Is no change in Apples, Pears or Ba
nanas.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
v;ert> 30,700 pounds Butter, 769 cases EggsTtnd
18,400 pounds Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 20c; firsts, ISc; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 17c; firsts, 15c; seconds. 14c;
store, lie.
Storage— Creamery extras, ; firsts, ;
seconds, ; dairy extras, .
Pickle, per pound.
Kpst. r«r pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream. Jle; choice.
9M>c; common, nominal; Young Americas, 11 %c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16V4c per lb.
EGGS-
Callfornla ranch — Selected white, 26c; mixed
colors. 24c rer dozen.
California gathered — Selected, 24c ;' standard,
- — ; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, — ; standard. — ;
seconds, .
Storage — California fancy. : standard. .
Eastern fancy, ; standard. — — ; seconds.
The only change In this market was a slight
decline In mixed ranch Eggs. Supplies of Eggs
continue ample and receipts of ranch are
rnther In excess of the demand. The cheaper
grades are In light supply.
Cheese Is steady at the decline already
ncted. with large and Increasing receipts.
Butter Is steady as to medium grades and firm
as to fine creamery.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
GAME— Quail. JKRl 23 for Valley and S2 for
Mountain; Mallard, J3JT3 50; Canvasback. $2
®4 CO; Sprig. J2@2 10; Teal, $1 25@1 M>;< Wld-
Reon, $1 2501 60; Small Duck. Sim 25; Black
Jack. $101 25; Gray Geese. . $3@3 60; White
Geese, $l(gl 75: Brant. $1 £0(31 75 for small and
?2 for large; Honkers. $3<jT4 50: English Snipe.
$2; Jack Snipe, Jl 25®1 60; Hare. $1 25^1 50;
Rabbits. Jl 50 for Cottontail and ?1 for Brush;
Dcves, 75c per dozen.
POULTRY-Llve Turkeys. 10@llc for Gob
hWs ar.d ll©13c for H»ns; b»-*«««»d Turkeys.
n©15c; Geese, per pair, $1 Y5@2; Goslings,
ft 75@2; Ducks. J44J5 lor old and J3S»6 SO lor
younfc: Hens, J3 50@4 50: Young- Roosters. $4 £0
(85; Old Roosters. $3 50@4; Fryers. $4 JO® 5:
Broilers, Wii rO for large 1 and $3@3 60 for
small: Pigeons. JlfM 25 per. dozen for old and
$2 E0'ff2 75 for Squabs.
Supplies of Poultry continue largely In ex
cess of market needs and low prices conse
quently rule, with more or less carried over
from day to day. • . ,?vv'
Receipts of Game were' 100 sacks and the
market showed more tone.
Poultry and Game.
Salinas and 65@00c for Oregon: Garnet Chiles,
from Oregon, 60@75c: V Sweets, <oc@$l for
ONIONS— Jl 50@2 per ctl; Cut Onions, $1 23
r VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 6®7c; Asparagus,
from Sacramento. 15@25c per 1b: Green Peas,
5©7c per lb: String Beans. 8@12%c: Cabbage.
90c; Tomatoes. Los Angeles, 65c«i>»l 75 per crate;
from Mexico. $2 25412 50 per crate; Egg Plant.
Los Angeles, 12',£#20c per lb; Green . Peppers,
Los Angeles, 15c per lb 'for Chile and — for
Bell: Dried Peppers, 9@llc; Dry Okra, 10ipl«>c
per lb; Carrots. 23@35c per box: Hothouse Cu
cumbers: Jl 25iS2' per dozen: Summer Squash.
$2 per box; Garlic. 3@4o per lb: Marrowfat
Squash, Jl2@20 per ton;- Mushrooms, O&loc
per* lb.
market was quiet; creamery. 14ff21c; dairy.
llHSlSo^ Cheese dull. 10%@ll%c. Eggs quiet;
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Con Cal & Va.l 50; 300 Ophlr (3
tOOO Con ' Imperial.. 01 500 Overman 13
200 Crown Point... 15 2C0 Silver Hill .... 43
500 Mexican 2*5! 300 Yellow Jacket. 13
200 Ophlr 611
Afternoon Session.
200 Best St Belcher JS: 430 Mexican 21
200 Chollar 12 200 Ophir «3
100 Con Cal & Va.l 50 200 Cphlr K
150 Con Cal & Va.l 57>j. 200 Union Con .... 2*
400 Gould & Curry CSt
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Jan. 31-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 C ' "ustlce .¦ 07 CS
Alta. 03 K '-Contuclc 01 02
Andes 07 Of '.ady Wash ... — «3
Belcher 17 M Mexican 37 2*
Best & Eelcher 2rt 27 .'XrcMental 06 07
Bullion 02 03 '/>phlr «2 «l
Caledonia 6»» "n, Overman n is
Challenge Con. lfi lS.Potont ft» io
Chollar 10 11 SavaKP 15 57
Confidence 71 To.^corplon — 04
Con Cal & Va.l IS 1 OrSrs Belcher ... 01 Kt
Con Imperial., fll <r! Sierra N'pvaia. H 19
Con New York. — O2i-Stlv*r Hill 44 45
Crown Point .. 13 llj^t Louis ji\
Eureka Con ..-. 06 — l^tandard ! <i 4 n
Exchequer — fC!5ynd!cate _ 10
Gould & Curry. 27 33 'Union Con .... 2» 2T.
Hale & Norcrs 17 13 [ Utah n* 10
Julia — OSJTeUow Jacket. 1» 18
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; FEBRUARY 1, 1901.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
17 « 19 f 50 f ?¦» f r> i -n 1 55) New Moon.
2_ jl_ _\_\ _!_J_L FeBruary 11
24 23 26 [ 27 23 j j -* First Quarter,
' ' 1 1 ~y February g>.
S. I M. [ T. I W.{ T. 1_ F. | S. Moon's Phases.
( I ( (1(2 /CS> Full Moon.
; — February 3.
3 4 5 ( « 7#- 8 { 9
1 1 ' ' ! 1 /?Last Quarter.
10 I 11 ( 12 ( 13 { 14 ( 13 ( 18 February 11.
CALX. CALENDAR.
February, 1901
tCC6.C36-
P!
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
I I This j
! Last
c«r t
irs | Spason. I
| Seasor
:.x?
y
t | S0.38
I I 13.73
34.06
15.07
F
; n.'ss
r
I 7.53
14.47
€.13
o.
It!
Tr
t 4.53-
•e 21.50
e 9.26
2.09
12.51
4.57
OB
i 3.R0
Z.04
I I This j
! Last
c«r t
irs | Spason. I
| Seasor
:.x?
y
t | S0.38
I I 13.73
34.06
15.07
F
; n.'ss
r
I 7.53
14.47
€.13
o.
It!
Tr
t 4.53-
•e 21.50
e 9.26
2.09
12.51
4.57
OB
i 3.R0
Z.04
THE 0. R. & R, CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CXQC $12 First Class including Barth
r**nr $3 Second Class nn-i Weil*.
COLUMBIA Sa«T« Feb. 2. 1?. !2. M.ir 4
GEO. W. ELDER Sails.... Feb. 7. 17. 27. Mar. 9
• Fhort Line to Walla 'Walla. Spokane, Butt*.
Helena and all po'nts In the Xorthwest.
Ihrough tickets to all paints East.
E. C WARD. General A«r»r.f.
63) Market st.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW T0HK. BCUT^AMPTOS. LONTW. PA2I3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbonnd.
From New York Evenr Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Kensington Feb. UfVaderland March «
St. Louis Feb. 20 St. Louis March V.
New York Feb. 27'xew York March 20
BED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington Feb. 1t\ Southwark ...March «
Noordland Feb. 2O| Westernland ..March IS
Frlesland .'.Feb. 27 Kensington ...March 23
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast.
39 Montgomery street.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe fHlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARTT
.-. Tuesday. February 1!». 1301
SS. AMERICA MARC... Friday. March 13. 1301
SS. HONGKONG MART: '.
Tuesday. April 9. 13TI
Round-trip tickets at reduced rat«s. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
<21 Market street. co<-n»r First.
W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
oceanic S.S.CO. bbsss
SS. MARIPOSA (Honalulu only)
Saturday. February 2. 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Frldav, February S. 4 p. m.
ES. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Net»
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. February 13. at 9 p. m.
J.'O.SPRECKELS & BB1S. CO., Genera! Agents. 327 aarUI St
ggn'l Pasmpr OflSa. 643 Barbt St., tor Ka, 7. Pac;ii: St
[H19MIK i imcs^aTia^t^
Monthly sailing for Valparals<r and Hamburc
via Mexican ports. Central. South America, etc.
FFSOSTRIS SAILS ABOUT February 5. 1001.
J. D.SPBEC1ELS & BH03. CO., General Igjats, 327 Varhl St
Gen'I Passsncer 0K». 6 13 Martet St., Pis la. 7, ?zc.S: St
PANAMA R. R. S^
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. «105; Steerage. $4O.
S. S. ARGYLL sails February 5.
S. S. KOAUOKE sails Febrnary 19.
S. S. ST. PATJI. sails Idaxch, 5.
From wharf, fcot of Fremont st.. at 3 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACITIC STEAK NAVIGATION CO. AUTO
COXFANIA SCD AMERICANA DZ VAP02E3
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. From foot of Fre-
mont street. Sailing:
S. S. GUATEMALA February T. 1301
S. S. PALKXA February 20. JpOl
S. S. COLOMBIA March 7. 1301
S. S. TUCAPEL, March 20. 1901
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger servtc*.
(No change at Acapulo or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 31C California street.
DALFOUR. GLTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
C0MPAOSI3 62NSRAI/3 TRAHSATLAITTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. m^b^
Sailing every ThursUcy. Instead of <<*^]f^2
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. (rom Pier C •**«»•»*
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. IZj and upward. Second class tr»
Havre. *« and Bpwari. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New Tork. J.
F. FUGAZI & CO.. Fadflc Coast Agents. S
; Montgomery avenue, fan Francisco. Tickets
sold by all ItaHroad Ticket Agenta.
• BAY AND. RIVER STEAMERS.
FCR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
MOX,. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Eat. at 9:43
a. m.. 3:15. 8:3i> p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 3
p. m. * Landinir and office. Mis»ion-s,treet Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main ia)3.
WEEKfCALL
$1 per Year.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fy St»anr.ers leave Broadway
fc|. ¦ wharf, San Francitco.
w^:^ f * or Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
BJRf33v_ F(>b - '• 1 " > - ''¦• -°' : -"- March :.
ta^^gfljjk ChariK^ to company's s>annr«
B^^SjSjSi For Victoria. Vancouver in.
t3S_3B««£5$5ij r ->. Port Tnwns<»nd, Seattle.
i^^^rasij Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
an( j New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. Feb. S. 13. 15. 20. 2T..
March 2. and every fifth day thereafter. Chani;»
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
AIa»ka and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m.. Feb. S.
7. 1?. IT. 22. 27. March •». and every flfth day
thereafter.
For Pan Dleso. stopping onlv at Santa P..ir-
bara. Pert Lcs Anscele.i and Redondo (Loi An-
geIe-3) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. :
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (Fan Luis Oblspo). Gavl-
cta, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San
Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport— Steamer Corcr.a, Fridays, 9 a. m.;
steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Mag-ialena Bay. San J<-im del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Par. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company . reserves the right to thunw
steamers, sailing data and hours of sailing,
without previous iintl'*".
TICKET OFPICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PKPKIX3 * CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. Fan Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.Guardians of Public Peace Stampede in Quest of
• "Glory When the. Riot Bell Rings.
RUSH TO CAPTURE DAYLIGHT THIEF
WHO STEALS SET OF FALSE TEETH
JOHN MOLE. PROPRIETOR OP THE WASHINGTON-STREET PLANING
MILL, OAKLAND. HE WAS NEARLY KILLED THROUGH ONE END
OF A PARTED BELT STRIKING HIM.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. SI.— The Los Ange
les Baseball Association has succeeded In
inducing Harry Stelnfeldt. the crack In
flelder of the Cincinnati National IJeague
Club, io sign a contract to play ball in
Los Angeles during the coming season.
fitsinfeldt Is Signed.
Eastern Professors to Speak.
BERKELEY. Jan. 31.— Two members of
the faculty of ihe University of Chicago.
Professor Albion W. »mall and Profesnor
Adolnh C. Miller, will *-pe*ik at the uni
versity meeting In the gymnulum at 11:15
o'clock Friday morninsr. Their subjects
have not been announced.
SAX DIEGO. Jan. 21.— A brisk rain is
falling: here with Indications of continuing
through _the nlpht '^IS&k
Bain at San Diego.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Jan. . 31.— A report
reached here to-day that a highwayman
held up the stage running between Pres
cott and the Crown King mine, j No de
tails are obtainable.
Stage Held Up.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 31.— A report from
Minister Loomis. at Caracas, to-day indi
cates that the revolution is near an end
in the opinion of the Venezuelan Govern
ment, in view of the decisive victory
gained over the. revolutionists near Caru
pano. Another battle is reported to have
occurred near. Lacuvas, In which both
sides lost several hundren men.
The Venezuelan Government has de
clined to prevent the local officials in the
province of Bermudez from acting to
ward the taking- possession of the New
York Bermudez concern at Pitch Lake,
and these local officials have demanded
the surrender of the arms and ammuni
tion belonging to the asphalt people.
ing the Conditions in
Venezuela.
REVOLTJTXON IS NOW
NEARING AN END
Report of Minister Loomis Regard-
JANUAItT BREAKS THE MORGUE REC
OKD.—The- month of January breaks all rec
ord* of the San Francisco Morg*ue elncl» the
Incorporation of the city, the total number, cf
dead bodies reported be'.ng 1CJ. The next Ur«
eet list on record wa» that of last December,
when t*e total reached 101," lncludlr.gr about a
fioren.vlcUei ct the giaw works accident. •
LADIES' AT-XIL.IAHV.— A meetlurr of the
I^eCles' Auxiliary of the Lincoln Monument
Leajrue will b* held In tooth 103. Phelan buiU-
Inp, at t o'clock this evening. •
Df MEMOR1AM.— At the Bush Street Tem
ple at 11 a. m. to-morrow Rabbi Isidore Myers
will deliver a rpeclal Jn mcmnriasn sermon on
"Victoria as Qucre an<S Woman."
AKNUAL MEETINa.-The I«rae!itlBch*r'
Frauen Vereln nimual meeting was held ye»
terday at the Eureka lsiil.Jir.tr, 42« OFarrell
rtreet. Report* of the officers were read and
the annual election held.
ACTED IN FELF-PEFENSlf.— The Icaw of
Itichmcnd B. Karris, charged with a«sault to
tr.urder for ebootlnj: at l'hlllp Droad In a.
ft'.'^n at Polk and Lcrkin streets New Tfear's
tilirfct. was dlsnalemed by Ju4f« FVltx yester
rtay ae two wltn«*»«* iwtlfifcU that .the <le-
Jfndant acted in eeif-defcn»e and BroaTl failed
to appear.' ' . \ •'.-^ .
I.;i,us CL.VB MEETING.— The members of
the L.Sltas Foelety met at 42fi Post street lave
i.:»rhi -bti<I enjoyed a fine programme rendered'
by MiM K«Ilie liowlin. MU« Hanpn and Miss
Wo»ffcl. AftM- the prccrainm* the memWri
mere entertained t>V Dr- Elfartha, who lectured
on the rubject, "Are the People Growing Jlet- '
ter or Worte?" . . • :
rROOP.ES? OF THE JEWS.— Rabbi Xleto
will lecture this evenuig on "The Progress of
the Jews In Dngland During the Victorian
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS,
Almshouse Entertainment.
The entertainment which was given last
night, at the City and County Almshouso
was the most enjoyable that has been
given at that Institution for several
months. After the local talent, which
had volunteered for the occasion, had
rendered their programme the Inmates
entertained the visitors. The programme
follows:
Selection. Columbia. Glee -Club; comic mng,
lira. T. Mahony; selection. Bronte Banjo Bora;
recitation, «Mr». T. C. Maher; piano solo, Mrs.
W. A. Dean; bass solo, J. Col ton; piano iclo,
George F. Hell; tenor solo, J. C. Flood; ballet.
Mrs J. P. Donahue; tenor eolo. George Wai
luc«. • ¦
Bootblack Stands Escape Tax.
Because the Board of Public Works,
the Tax Collector and the Police Depart
ment will not agree as to the responsibil
ity of enforcing tho ordinance Imposing: a
license on bootblack stands maintained
upon the public- sidewalks, this city is
losing a considerable sum* of money. Th«
ordinance was passed by the Supervisors
last August, yet since that time licenses
have been collected on but eighteen stands
at the rate of Yi per chair, amounting to
$177. It is conceded tnat. there axe at least
fifty* stands that havd escaped paying li
censes owing to the neglect of some one
of the departments named.' In a letter
written to the Mayor a while ago the
Board of Public Works acknowledged
that many stands were operating without
permits.
Smallpox at Poyiona.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 31."— Two cases of
smallpox are reported from Pomona and
one family, after being exposed, broke
through the quarantine and fled to the
foothills, where they have been located
and placed under guard. I No other cases
have developed, but great indignation Is
felt at the recklessness -with which th« In
fected people have exposed their neigh
bors to contagion.
Oakland Divorce Suits.
OAKLAND. Jan. SI.— Walter Barr.
whose wife. Georgie, is suing him. for dl
vorce, has entered a general denial of tho
charges In his wife's complaint and win
fight the case.
In the divorce suits of Edear against
Gwendolyn Brown and James against
Edna Powell default Judgments bave been
entered against the defendants. . -
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 31.— Senator Nelson intro
duced in the Senate to-day a primary law
framed by A. Riief. The law provides for
a declaration at the general election of
the party "which the voter. Intends to sup-'
i ¦'.¦¦"¦"
Ne-w Primary Bill.
The Senate Committee on' Finance de
cided to recommend for passage Corlett's
bill appropriating $5000 for the purchase
of additional land for the Veterans' Home
The Assembly Committee on Municipal
Corporations recommends for passage
Assembly bill 277, the bill amending the
Vrooman act, relating to street improve
ments. Unfavorable reports will be made
upon Assembly bills 300, 349 and 350. *«¦£#--»
The Assembly Fish and Game Commit
tee will recommend Higby's game bill
for passage, with some unimportant
amenuments. On bills 223 and 224 it is recr
ommended that they do not pass.
The Assembly Prisons Committee de
cided to recommend for passage the bills
appropriating $7000 and J1500 for a water
system and an ice plant for the Preston
School of Industry.
• The Public Buildings apd Grounds Com
mittee of the Assembly recommends ; for
passage the bill appropriating $10,000 for
the Los Angeles State Normal School and
the one appropriating $50,000 for the San
Diego State Normal.
The "Ways and Means Committee rec
ommends for passage Greer's" bill as
amended, appropriating $35,000 for a Sac
ramento-Folsom road.
The Finance Committee of the Senate
will look over the grounds of the State
Agricultural Park Saturday afternoon.
The Senate Committee on County Gov
ernment announced to-day that under no
consideration would it report a new coun
ty government act.. It will recommend
only minor changes, relating mostly to
salaries, these to be made upon the rec
ommendation of the Senator in whose
district the county interested is situated.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 31.— The Assembly Commit
tee on State Prisons and Reformatories
¦will leave to-morrow morning for a trip
tp Southern California to Inspect the
Whlttier State School. To-morrow after
noon a subcommittee of the Ways and
Means Committee consisting of Anderson,
Kelley and Cowan will leave to visit the
San Diego and Los Angeles State Normal
Schools. The Senate' Prisons Committee
will visit Folsom Saturday. Upon its re
turn it will make its report on Sari Quen
tin. '
formatories.
Schools, Prisons and Re-
Junketing Parties Will Visit Normal
COMMITTEES TO INSPECT
STATE INSTITUTIONS
Mayor Phelan has affixed his signature
to the ordinance fixing? the street car
fare to be charged pupils of public
and private schools at 2^ cents. Only pu
pils under the age of IS years are entitled
to the privilege, which will, however, not
be enjoyed for sixty days. The ordinance
goes into effect on March 30, 1901, and sec
tions 2 and 3 provide as follows:
Section i Ticket* for the transportation of
pupils Bhall be sold In packages of twenty (20)
tickets each nntl ehall be received on street
railroads bitwecn the hours of 8 o'clock a. m.
and 9 o'clock a, m.; 12 o'clock m. and I o'clock
p. m.: 2:30 o'clock p. m. and 4 o'clock p. m..
and 6:20 o'clock .p. m. and 9:20 o'clock p. m.
during: the days in which said schools are In
session; and shall be available In actual pas
sage to end from school, with such privileges
of transfers as are enjoyed by other passen
gers conveyed by said persons, associations or
corporations engaged In the transportation of
passengers on street railroads, subject to all
reasonable regulations which they may Impose
not inconsistent with- the provisions of this
ordinance. . ,
Section 3. Any pupil under the ape of IS
year* attending any public or, private school
l-.i the city and county of San Francisco de
r.lrlner the privileges herein provided, shall se
cure from the- principal or head teacher of the
school which said pupil attends, a certificate
showing that said pupil Is in actual and regu
lar attendance therein, which certificate must
te presented to said person, association or cor
poration engaged in -the transportation of pas
sengers on street railroads in order to entitle
said pupil, to the' aforesaid tickets at the re
duced rate of fare. , . \ # f
Privilege May Be Enjoyed Beginning:
March 30, 1901, When Measure
• Goes Into Effect.
MAYOR SIGNS HALF-FARE.
ORDINANCE FOR PUPILS
The Supervisors' Street Committee de
rided yesterday to submit the petition of
ihe Bay and Coa«t Railway Company for
a fr.inchiee to enter the city at Twenty
fourth and Il'.inois streets to the board
without recommendation. An ordinance
was ordered to be prepared containing a
proviso for the expenditure by the com
pany of J25.00Q in constructing the tracks
of the proposed line before June 27. 1031,
also fienylnc the right to transfer its in
terest in the road to any other person or
corporation: also a proviso for joint usage
of the road by other companies, as pro
vided by the charter. ar;d that it be con
structed 1n consonance with the views of
the Board of Public Works.
Attorney Raggett, representing the com
pany, assured the committee that New
York capitalists are ready to advance the
money for the construction of the road,
which is to run between here and Santa
Cruz. BapireU stated that there was no
Intention on the part of the company to
transfer the franchii-e. and that it was In
tended ro rpend f2.OO0.O00 on the road.
Mayor Phelan. who took part In the dis
cussion. .i?ked Baggett if the company
would give a bond to complete the road
Is a. reasonable time. BaRgett replied
that such a proposition had. never been
considered. He also refused to divulge
the names of the stockholders.
Chirf Sullivan of the Fire Department
submitted a statement to the Fire "Com
mittee that the water mains In the dis
trict bounded by - Kearny and Market
Etrcets. the bay shore and Telegraph Hill
are not of sufficient sire to give adequate
fire protection. The matter was referred
to the commute* of the whole, which
meets to-morrow afternoon.
CONDITIONS IMPOSED IN
PROPOSED FRANCHISE
James F. J. Archibald, the war corre
spondent, told an audience last nlsrht at
Sherman & Clay Hall pf his experiences
with the Boer and British armies In the
Transvaal campaign. Mr. Archibald
inakes no pretensions to forensic excel
lence, and. In lact. took occasion- to in
form his auditors by means of the pror
gramme that "being no orator, he did not
covet a pesition on the lecture platform,"
but withal his talk was both entertaining
and lnstructlva. The lecture was artis
tically Illustrated by stereoptlcon views
that presented every phase of the conflict,
from its first battles to the recent descent
by the Boers on Cape Colony.
Mr. Archibald's sympathies are appar
ently with the burghers, although his de
scriptions of. the English campaign were
lueld and fair. The lecturer dwelt at
length an the sturdy stubbornness of the
Boer generals and troops, but declared
that the lack of discipline In -their ranks
would long ago have resulted in the an
nihilation of any other civilized army.
He explained that the chief difficulty, en
countered by the English was in main
taining their lines of communication, and
also declared that the reports of the Boer
army having fired on the Red Cross hos
pital corps were in every Instance due to
mistakes and an Inability to distinguish
at a distance *he corps flag.
• The lecture vlll be repeated Saturday
evening.
His Discourse Pleased a Large
Audience.
LECTURE ON THE BOER WAR
BY JAIKES F. J. ARCHIBALD
Fresh From the .'Scene of Hostilities
Sheriff Veale of Contra Costa County,
who has the case In charge, is in Sacra
mento. McGulre. an important witness
from Point Richmond, where Stendel's
body was found, waB not present .
"We, the Jury, do find that the name of
the deceased was Herman A. Stendel and
that he came to his death about -Decem
ber 20, 1900. and that death was caused
by rupture of the coronal vessels in the
brain produced from some source un
known to the Jury."
• Dr. Eastman is still very ill and Coroner
Mehrmann took his deposition this morn
ing. ¦ He testified that the rupture of the
arteries In the top of the brain had
created a blood clot sufficient to cause
death. The bruises on the head were not
heavy enough to warrant being called
ante-mortem and whether the ruptured
arteries were caused by a sudden rush
of blood to* .the head or a blow, the
autopsy physician was unable to state.
There was no evidence of drowning.
BERKELEY, Jan. 31.— The completion
of the inquest in the Herman Stendel case
leaves the cause of death still a mystery.
After hearing the deposition of Dr. J. S.
Eastman, the autopsy physician, this
evening the Jury rendered the following
verdict:
Inquest Fails to Solve Mys
tery of Herman Stendel's
Demise.
CRUSE OF DEATH
STILL UNDECIDED
TOPEKA, Kans., Jan. 31.— Mrs. Carrie
Nation, the Jolflt smasher, armed with a
brand new hatchet, started on a crusada
against the Topeka Joints at 8:30 thU
morning. v She called on five of the best
known places. The Apex, the finest saloon
In the city, was first visited, but no dam
age was done. She was put out of the
place. She said she did not want to b-a
destructive, but merely wanted to lecture.
However, should violence be shown on
their part, she said she Intended getting
In her work.
A crowd of several hundred people fol
lowed her down tho street, most of whom
were sympathizers. The police tried to ar
rest her. but the crowd interfered and
prevented it. Mr?. Nation says the Lord's
mission to her. "Clear all Joints In To
peka out before leaving." will be fulfilled,
and if the authorities do not suppress tho
joints she will s'mash them, using rocks
and hatchet.
Mrs. Nation wore an old gray shawl and
carried an ordinary handbag. When sh«
appeared at the different Joints the own
ers stood back of the -barricaded doors
•and awaited an attack. She begged them
to let her In that she might talk to them,
promising not to harm anything. But
they were afraid of her and would not
open the doors. Nothing daunted she
talked at then}, after this fashion:
"I'm sorry for you. boys. You look so
much ashamed of yourselves. I am not
mad at you. boys. I am not hating you
a bit. -even when I come around with my
hatchet. I am treating you just as I
should treat one of my own boys If I
found him with something that would do
him harm.
"But. boys, you must not stay In this
business any longer. I give you fair
warning. Just you close up and get out
of this business. You are hannini* your
selves and other boys and I won't le.t you
do that. If you don't get out of this,
boys. I'll be around In a few days and
just break up your wicked little shops for
you."
Incredible as It may appear, the saloon
men were strongly moved by the talk Mrs.
Nation gave them. She meant what sh»
said — they understood that. They knew
she was not resentful and did not despise
them just as they understood how re
solved she was to make them close their
joints.
Mrs. Nation made a short talk to a clasa
at Washbum College this morning, speak
ing to the boys about cigarettes and
cigars. In the chapel of the colleire a min
ister was speaking. Mrs. Nation regarded
him for a moment, then leaned over to a
man near her and said:
"Won't you ask that man on th« stage
to let me speak to these boys about nva
minutes? He's giving them too much
chaff. I want to give them a few' grains
of wheat."
But she was not permitted to talk.
Mrs. NatiOD, However, Is
Not Permitted to Wreck
Saloons.
SMASHER'S TOUR
WITH A HATCHET
This depredation, he said, was uni
versally conceded to approximate 2 .per
cent annually on the original cost.
In spite of Judge Hayne's objections
McCutchen carried the. witness through a
maze of problems in law and equity with
the alleged purpose of testing the basis
of his computations.
"Would your estimate hold good If a
water company were doing business at a
loss?" he asked.
"My figures deal with value only,"
answered the witness. "What income a
company should have is ajegal question."
"Well, now, supposing tnat *you were a
Juror "
"Your Honor, this thing has gone far
enough," objected Havne. "We have put
this witness on as an expert engineer; he
has testified to certain calculations: he
isn't a lawyer, he isn't a Judge, he Isn't
a juror. This examination is simply for
the purpose of confusing the witness, and
provoking him Into admissions, which he
does not understand, against his will."
The court held that the questions of
Mr. McCutchen went to the expert's com
petency to testify and during the remaind
er of the hearing Riffle was called upon to
decide various intricate legal problems
offhand. He finally threw himself upon
the mercy of the court, pleading, as
an excuse for answering no further, that
he made no pretense of being qualified to
testify as an expert in law and equity.
"I thought we'd get iiim if we kept at
It long enough," chuckled McCutcHen. i
"Well, now. you- haven't got anything
nor anybody," retorted Hayne. You seem
to think that the court is dependent upon
this witness for his law, but that is hard
ly the case."
The cross-examination will proceed to
morrow mornins.
Mr. Riffle said that he regarded the
present value of the Contra Costa plant
as determined by tho cost of reproduc
tion less depreciation.
' The water company's attorneys were
unable to develop anv errors in the esti
mates themselves and turned their atten
tion to the theory the witness entertained
on the valuation of water plants in gen
eral.
To-day's hearing of the water rate case
was taken up with the cross-examination
of Engineer A. S. Riffle, whose figures on
the value of the Contia Costa Company's
system were submitted yesterday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 3L
Attempt to Trip Up City's
Witnesses With Legal
Puzzles.
LAWYEBS DODGE
THE REAL ISSUE
port at the next primary election, which,
the bill provides, shall be held on the sec
ond Tuesday In August of each even num
bered year. It is provided that the pri
mary shall include all parties and shall
be for the election of delegates to all con
ventions.
to work to-day." said he. "and he sent
m» up with the key of the front door."
M»rshn!I had a key to the front door
of the barber Fhop. Suspicion at once fell
on him ar.d the fact that he has disap
peared makes the detectives believe that
he is the burglar. S^me time ago i30 in
gold mysteriously disappeared from a
puiBe in the barber shop. Marshall is
now suspected of having stolen the
money.
night. ' :
A few minutes later a colored man en
tered the barber shop. "Dave ain't going
The detectives are searching for Dave
Marshall, colored, who was until Tuesday
night employed as a porter in Henry
Siresber's barber she? at 26 Sixth street.
If They find him he will be called upon
to furnish proof that he is not a burglar.
When John D. R'.pne, who conducts a
grocery and saloon at 3S Sixth street,
opened his store Wednesday morning he
discovered that the cash register had been
rifled. Between $7 and $8 had been stolen
and with the genuine coin a counterfeit
dollar piece disappeared. The doors were
locked as usual when Kippe reached the
store and he was usiable to find out hew
the burglar had pained access to the
place. A few hour* later Strelber, whose
shop adjoin* JUppe'f store, had a funny
story to teil.
•'V.'hen I cioped up last night." said he,
"I left '<Q cents in small change In one of
the drawers. This rooming I found tha
change pone and a counterfeit dollar in
i:s place." \
"Why, that must be t\» counterfeit dol
lar Ptolen from my cash register," replied
Elrpe.
Saloon man and barber then compared
notes and together started out to make
an investigation. They soon discovered
that two boards used to replace a tran
£<-rn over a door connecting the saloon
ard grocery had been pried off during the
COLORED POK.TTB, IS
STJEPECTED OF BTTRGLABY
grace. So if there is any chance to cap
ture a daylight burglar the Oakland po
lice don't lose any. time In reaching out
after the man.
No sooner had the excited female voice
imparted this information to the police
than Captain Wilson ordered out every
available man on his staff.
The patrol wagon was hurried down to
Sixth and Market streets as fast as the
horses could go with some. extra men to
capture the bold man who dared to op
crate in ' the daytime In Oakland.
This was not enough, and Detectives
Kyte and Hammerton were shipped down
on bicycles to make sure that all avenues
of escape were closed.
Watches were established on the local
trains, and when Captain Wilson settled
back to await reports it was with the con
sciousness that his work was well done.
"There is not a loophole open." ex-
OAKLAND, Jan. 31.— The afternoon
quiet of the City Hall police sta
tion was broken by a riot call this
afternoon. The telephone fairly
epft fire, so emphatic was the call,
and the police were notified that a most
important burglary had been committed
at the residence of Mrs. Mitchell, at the
corner of Market and Sixth streets.
"When did it occur?" demanded Cap
tain Wilson.
"Just now. He must have got clear
away," replied an excited female voice.
If there is anything that the Oakland
police detest It is a daylight burglary. It
Is bad enough to have them happen at
night, when thieves and ghosts are ex
pected to walk abroad, but to have any
work done in the daytime is a double dis-
Several of the other men in the shop at
the time the belt broke were struck by
flying class and splinters, but the pro
prietor was the only one seriously hurt.
After he had recovered-' consciousness
Mr. Mole said that, seeing his danger he
started to run from the flying ends of the
belt, but was struck before he could make
his escape.
moned and the Injured man taken to the
Receiving Hospital for treatment. Ex
amination showed that he was bruised
from head to foot and that the flesh of
the right arm where the belt struck him
was literally torn from the bone between
the elbow and the shoulder. The force of
the blow had "killed" the entire arm and
the physicians are doubtful whether the
wound will heal. In that case amputa
tion at the shoulder will be necessary.
After his wounds were dressed Mr. Mole
was taken to his residence, 1210 East
Twenty-second* street.
The advent of the Harmonie Hall party
In the political .arena piits on the ap
proaching contest a -lifferent color. It
looked for awhile as If it would stay In
the background throughout. The .reason
was that- some of the members were
thought tp-be partial to the straight party
ticket which is broached by certain inter
ested candidates because they see in such
a movement their onlv chance to win.
This Idea was strengthened, too, because
nearly the 'entire membership of- the par
ty Is Republican. To-day's move practi
cally squelches the straight party ticket
notion, as without the whole Republican
sentiment behind It, it would be folly to
put It In the fleld.. ,
The notice to the Republicans to assem
ble states that the purpose is to discuss
"the advisability of .nominating a Republi
can municipal ticket ;for the coming elec
tion " It is not issued on tne authority
of the Alameda Republican Club or any
other organized body but "attendance of
'Republicans Is respectfully invited by the
following named: A. H. Ward. Charles
\V. Neal, Philip Teller, W. W. Haskell G.
W. Emmons. George E. Plummer. W. M.
Rack. J. S.Hanley. F. E. Browning. W.
H. Noy, George H. Payne and E. B. Dun
ning." The meeting is scheduled for Satur
day, night of this" week at Llnderman Hall.
The signatures to the Invitation were
secured by M. W. SlmDson, who with
others would like to see a change in af
fairs political. His efforts are being see
onded by Henry T. Morris. George Morris.
It B Tappan, candidate for City Record
er F W Greley, G. E. Clarke and Sam
uei Witt. C. W. Neal. whose name is ap
pended to the Invitation, is a son of
Charles S. Neal. who w« president of the
late Board of Freeholders. . •
L"D6n the issue of this meeting depends
whether there ehall be an out-and-out Re
publican ticket. There never has been
anv demand for such a ticket In this city.
The two local parties — the Municipal
Leaeue and the Harmonle Hall Non-Partt
tSS have- never failed to elect public
tplrited men to the var'ous city offices and
Interested citizens cannot see where the
excuse for a change comes in. Nearly all
of those who have. so far announced their
candidacy have also let it be understood
that they want the nominations of the
old- Dirties. The exceptions of this oM
line-policy are those who want to get Into
offlceby the use of the Republican ladder.
Chairman Thompson's call stipulates
that the executive committee meetin?
shall be held In Harmonle Hall next Sun
day afternoon at 2 o'clock. The member*
are Henry Muller, Frank E. Browning, W.
E. Scully. Julius Magriin. Max Gundlach,
J. C. Bates Jr., W. H. Hinchman. Henry
Tank. T. C. Stoddard. George II.- Perry.
Theodore . Elsfeldt. . Edward Houston, A.
F. Huff and S. L. Silberbertf.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 31.— Two Efgnincant
moves were made to-1s.v in local politic*.
Chairman H. A. Thompson issued a call
for a meeting of the- executive committee
of the Harmonle Hall Non-Partisan party
and M. W. Simpson, candidate for City
Attorney, published a notice to Republi
cans requesting them to assemble for the
purpose of discussing a straight party
ticket fcr the field. Thus, without any
preliminary rumblings, the battle for vic
tory at the polls in April next may be
said to be fairly on:
Battle for Victory *t the
Polls Is Now on in
Alameda.
OAKLAND, Jan. 31.— The main belt
of the Washington-street Planlng
mill broke this morning, thrash
ing 1 about the place like a gigantic
whip, and striking and nearly
killing John Mole, the proprietor of the
mill. -
The larlnEs of the big band had been
neglected until worn thin as paper, and
shortly after the shafting had begun tc
run at full speed. S000 revolutions to the
minute, they gave way, the belt parting
with a report like an explosion. The fly
ing ends swept machines and furniture
out of their way, and one of them struck
Mole on the arm, hurling him across the
room.
" When picked up by the workmen who
ran to his assistance Mole was uncon
scious and bleeding. The patrol was sum-
TWO SIGNIFICANT
MOVES ARE MADE
So the latest burglar alarm proved to
be of almost the same brand as the lady's
teeth— false.
claimed Captain Wilson contentedly, and
he waited to see who would be the first
to bring in the daylight burglar. He spec
ulated on his personal appearance, but
omitted all guesses as to what he took.
That he was a burglar was quite suf
ficient.
Suddenly the patrol wagon galloped uj>
to the City Hall with all of the policemen
and detectives riding dejectedly therein.
The entire force was accounted for. but
there was no bold, bad daylight burglar.
This is Detective Kyte's report of the
burglary:
"Name. Mrs. Mitchell. Residence, cor
ner Sixth and luarket streets. Article
lost, one set of false teeth, which were
taken from one room while the owner was
dressing In another."
SCENES AT THE HEADQUARTERS AND ON THE FIELD WHEN POLICE, IN RESPONSE TO A RIOT CALL,
STAMPEDE TO CORNER DAYLIGHT BURGLAR THEY BELIEVED WAS CAGED IN THE MITCHELL. RESI
DENCE, BUT HE HAD DECAMPED WITH A SET OF FALSE TEETH.
Steve Brodie.
SAN ANTONIO. Tex., Jan. 81.— Steve
Brodie, the bridge jumper, and . sporting
man of New York, died here to-night from
consumption."
C. C. Wallac*.
RAYMOND, Jan. 31.— C. C. Wallace, a
well known mining expert of Nevada City,
died suddenly on his way from this place
to Mariposa. Mr. Wallace, accompanied
by W. 8. Bliss, left here on Wednesday
morning on Dunnaway's stage. When In
the vicinity of Ben Hur he was seized
with a violent attack of spasms and was
removed to the nearest house. The stage
driver proceeded with all speed to Mari
posa for medical assistance, but when aid
arrived Mr. Wallace had expired.
H. C. Wolf sen.
MERCED, Jan. 31.— H. C, Wolf sen, a
wealthy farmer pf this county, died at his
home this morning after a short illness
The deceased was a native of Germany
and was 64 years of- age. He came to this
coutry about fifteen years ago, locating
on Bear Creek, where ho was very suc
cessful as a farmer. He was a director
of the Commercial Bank of this city and
owned land In Merced and Lassen coun
ties.-/-' ¦::'• ¦ -' '' - ¦ : -_;
Postmasters Commissioned, Pensions
Granted and Naval Orders.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— Postofflce es
tablished: California— Gilsonville, Sierra
County; previous order discontinuing this
office rescinded.
Postmasters commissioned: California-
John A. Wright, Florence,- Alzina Bar
num. Bridgevllle.
Oregon — Lynn L. Foster, Gelser.
Washington— Zachariah B. Sutton, Dole.
Pensions issued to-day: California-
Original— George Hahn, Murphys, $12; Ro
dockway Drew, Elk Creek, $12; Oscar P.
Thornton, Stockton, |6; Emery M. Gibson,
Jamul, $6. Additional— George A. Sealey,
San Jose, $6. Restoration and additional-
William O'Day (dead), San Francisco, $10.
Increase — Thomas J. Robbins, San Jose,
$S; Edward L. Emnions, Soldiers' Home.
Los Angeles, $12. Original widow—Mar
garet O'Day. San Francisco, $S.
Oregon— Original— Lyman J. Kenyon,
Portland. $10; Andrew J. Hobble, Oregon
City, $3. Increase— William F. Martin,
Eugene, $17.
Washington— Original — Carml Dibble,
New Whatcom, $12. Increase— William
Mackey. Olympia, $12; Alfred D. Leak.
Olympia. $S; Hardln D. Randall. Cen
tralia, $8.
Naval orders, Asiatic station—Lieuten
ant Commander J. C. Colwell is detached
from the Newark and ordered to the
Cavite station; Lieutenant Commander \V.
C. Cowles is detached from the Cavite
station and ordered to the Newark; Cap
tain R. C. Berkeley, United States Marine
Corps, is detached fronr the Marine Brig
ade and ordered to Oregon.
¦ . »
Elwell Ended His Life.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 31.— J. R. Stock
well, who recently returned from Daw
son City, confirms the story of. the sui
cide of James Elwell, formerly conduc
tor on the California Northwestern Rail
way on the local run between San. Rafael
and San Francisco. Elweli said when he
left he would never come back until he
had made his stake, and his suicide proves
that he had given up all hope of acquir
ing a fortune. His partner, George Gra
ham, deserted his claim and returned
home two months ago. . He endeavored to
induce Elwell to accompany him, but to
no avail. "I'll go out of here with a sack
or in a sack," was his terso way of allud
ing to his determination. Apparently the
outlook became bleaker as the weather
grew colder, and. finally he ended his- life
with a bullet from his revolver. His
parents reside In Cloverdale.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Lady Fitzgerald.
LONDON, Jan. 31.— Lady Rachael Char
lotte Fitzgerald, eldest daughter of the
Earl of Dunraven and Mount Earl, died
this morning at Adare Manor, the Earl's
seat in Adare, County Limerick, Ireland.
She gave birth -.to a son January 20, and
was supposed to be doing well. Her death
was quite unexpected. •
Lady Kachael Charlotte Fitzgerald .was
born In 1872, and was married in 1897 to
Desmond Fitzjohn Lloyd Fitzgerald,
Knight of Glin. Their residence was Glln
Castle. Glin, County Limerick.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Attempt to Raise the Sum
of $l6,OOO.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 31.— Ten thousand dol
lars is the amount to be collected to be
used In the reception of President Mc-
Kinley in May, and next week commit
tees will begin a systematic canvass for
subscriptions. This was decided upon at
a meeting of the general committee last
evening.' It is believed no difficulty will
be experienced in raising the money. The
amount will be used solely for decora
tions and reception. All the flowers that
will be needed are now being . planted,
and there will be no lack of these and no
expense for them.
From all parts of the county offers of
help are being received, and the whole
courity is taking an interest in the floral
fete. Each locality will prepare a mag
nificent floral float.
It Is proposed to make the reception the
finest accorded the President anywhere
on his trip. If he can be persuaded to re
main over night there will be a banquet
and ball, which for gorgeousness and
beauty has never been equaled on the
coast. The carnival of roses will be held
for three days. Besides a great floral
parade there will probably be all kinds
of amusements. The orchards and flower
gardens of the Santa Clara Valley will be
in their greatest bloom at the time, and
this vicinity will be as a glimpse of the
realm of Flora to the President and his
party.
People of Santa Clara County Will
SMALL FORTUNE FOB
RECEPTION OF McKINliEY
"Hoffman's andAuer's columns have
returned without fighting, as the robber
bands had excellent sources of informa
tion and were warned of the approach- of
the Germans."
BERLIN, Jan. 31.— A dispatch from
Field Marshal Count von Waldersee,
dated Peking 1 , January 31, says:
The .Germans have sent expeditions,
consisting of one battery of artillery and
one regiment of infantry, to some point
westward. They refuse all information
and decline to allow correspondents to
accompany the column. It is reported
that a massacre of many native Chris
tians seventy miles west recently oc
curred.
It is generally recognized that the for
eign envoys, with the possible exception
of M. de Oiers, the Russian Minister,
personally believe that leniency would be
a great mistake, considering the interpre
tation the Chinese would put upon it.
PEKING, Jan. 31.— A general meeting
of the foreign envoys was held this even
ing at which it was decided to hold a
Joint meeting of the envoys and the Chi
nese Plenipotentiaries next week. Noth
«has been definitely arranged regarding
the punishments, and opinions are much
divided, some favoring drastic measures
like beheading the majority of those
considered responsible. particularly
Prince Tuan, who, next to the Empress
Dowager, is considered the principal cul
prit; but others, acting under instruc
tions from their Governments, advocate
nominal punishment like banishment.
No Definite Agreement Yet Beached
and Joint Conference "With the
Chinese Is to Be
Certain of the Envoys Favor
Drastic Measure for
Punishment.
WOULD BEHEAD
PRINCE TUAN
NEW TORK, Jan. 21.— The German
f teamshlp IJarcelona, which arrived to- I
day from Hamburg via Halifax, brought j
Into ix»rt the captain and fourteen- sea
men of the Russian bark Cuba, which
was abandoned at sea on January IS, in
latitude J0..r». 'longitude 13.10, in a dis-
BifcSted and xvatfrlogp^d condition. Cap
tain I'nhn of the Uareelona reports that
at Ri'dnipht of January 17 a glare of light
was lighted which at first was thought '
to be a s=hip on fire. Th<» Barcelona head- ]
c<3 toward the Ifeht and on approaching j
nearer ttra h-jge flares were seen from a j
vessel In •Ustress. Parsing close by the :
craft Captain Bohn with his night glass i
rcade vat that she was dismasted and j
WAtcflageeO and the people on the wreck i
were waving and gesticulating; violently.
At time? hoarse shouts could be heard.
and- finally cries of "Help, we are sink- ]
:!»p." vrena mud*- cut. Although a very I
n.pn sea was running it wa. c decided to
make me attempt to rescue the ship
wrecked crew. ' First Officer A. Uvonl
R.n<l a boat crew of five seamen managed
to lower a Mfcboat and «vt eafely away I
from ihe fide of the steamer. After an j
exceedingly hard pul! the boat was- sue- |
MMfullj- brought under the Jee of the I
wreck end after a severe struggle all of
the men, fifteen In number, were taken
!:Ho the boat nj;d to the steamer.
The Cuba loft Ship Island with a full
<-ar£o of tlirber. bound for Bristol, Eng
land. She m»»t a succession of g-ales with
very rough seas and the resultant pound
ing caused her reams to open. The crew
was ktpt constantly at the pumps, but in
rpiie of their exertions the water gained
ur.til the hold was half full of water.
On January 15 a terrific pale arose from
the southeast which blew with hurricane.
i< rcc ar.d throw the bark over on her
l-.oaia end*. After efforts to right her had
failed the marts were cut away and the |
peal In falling smashed all the boats. I
'•.'he pumps were kept going, but the seas
washed completely over the craft, keep-
Jr.p- the crew immersed In water. In this
condition the vessel lay throughout the
:^th. l€th ar.d 17th. On the latter date sev
eral steamers passed by, one very close
mi hand, but nu attention was paid". to the '
distress signals of -the Cuba. That day '.
the water in the hold .caused the deck to
breve and break and all hope was jjon*. .
until the Barcelona came along and pent :
~ boat. • . j
The Cuba was built at Richmond,!
Maine, in 1S72, and wa« 1120 tons burden, j
Sne was formerly under the German flag, j
Russian Bark Cuba Foun
ders but All on Board
Are Saved.
Vessel Encounters a Series of Heavy
Storms and Help Comes Just
in the Nick of - : '
RESCUE OF C REW
FROM DROWNING
¦-.'.¦¦¦.,.'.*¦-¦¦¦.¦ -¦,-.-¦¦-- ; - ,¦ ¦.--*..- - ¦ -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1901.
John Moje, Planing Mill Proprietor,
Otl lUUoiy lllJLllCLl.
END OF A PARTED BELT
NEARLY CAUSES DEATH
Era."
Tim?.
9TIJE SAX -FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1901.
10
employment; wasted— female.
A NEAT young Swedish girl wishes a situation
as waitress and parlur maid In private fam-
lly. Address HANKINSEN. 437 O'Farrell st.
A NEAT young girl wishes a situation to as-
sist wlthhousework In a small family: wages
U5; Bleep at home. * Please call at 255 Octavla.
YOUNG ' lady wishes work with first-class
dressir.iker; cood waist finisher. 1931 Fif-
teenth st.
LADY would like to do light houeework in
good family; wages object. Box 1491, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to II 50 night, »1 60 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
; received at Call branch office. 220O Fillmore St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbBcriptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMEXT WASTED MAIZE.
CARPENTER, good bench hand, wide expe-
rience; mill, company or Institute; good ref-
erences; city or near.' Box 1319, Call office.
YOUNG man. £1 years of age. willing to work,
wishes position In grocery store; good refer-
enced. Box 1316. Call.
GARDENER wants a situation; good driver
and careful with horses and hanay with tools.
Uox 1318, Call office.
1 WAITER. German, experienced, wants poel-
Hpn. 813 Mission st.
BOBER and reliable young married man wants
a permanent position aa night watchman;
best of city references. Address F. B. S..
S7V4 Natoma St., cltv. « ¦
> YOUNG man; flrst-clahs driver and gardener;
sober and reliable; understands horses
thoroughly; furnish best of references. C. C,
839 -Mission Et.
GARDENER, flrst-olass, single, of long experl-
ence In landscape gardening, growing of flow-
ers, greenhouse and orchard work, wishes a
situation on a private place. Box 149S, Call.
TEMPERANCE]' young man wishes situation;
understands care of horses and milk cows.
Box 14S5. Call office. ¦ ¦
YOUNG man with good education wants plaoe
In fine family as private secretary, or to
sportsman; good horseman. Box 14S3, Call.
BY a first-class barber, a position; will bs
willing to work for small wages. Box 1304,
Call. •
INDUSTRIOUS German. Gardener; under-
stands care of horses, buggies, cows, vege-
tables, lawn, flowers; In private family; very
useful and willing; references; city or coun-
try. Box 1470. Call office. '
YOUNG man would like position In wholesale
house; speaks German; good references. Ad-
drefs box 1471, Call office.
WANTED— Position to learn to clerk in shoe
store by country young man of good habits.
Apply E. HENRY, S12- Kearny st.
GERMAN waiter, aged 24, wanta position.
Box 14C8. Call efflce. _______
PROSPECTOR wants grub stake; understands
placer and quartz. Address room 305, Win-
. Chester Hotel. .
WANTED— Position as salesman and bookkeep-
er in gen. mdse. store in country by reliable
American; «in<>: 30 yrs. age; 12 yrs. experi-
ence; Rood refs. Address L. F.. box 1223. Call.
JAPANESE wants a position aa cook or waiter
in small family; good experience; work falth-
fully. J. M.. 121 Halght St.. phone Fell 793L
A CHINESE boy. .very good cook, with good
references, wants position with family in
city or country. Address box 1305, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
{subscriptions has been established at Vffl
V»l<»noia ftreet.
F"13 ATIIER PIIjIjOV/S.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may addrew
FRATHKR FACTORY. 244 Stev«-n»on St.
FLATS TO LET.
TO let— New flats on Buchanan St., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.; 6 and •
rooms and bath; all the latest improvements.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let— Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
AN neper fiat. 6 rooms; 427 Natoma st., near
Mary; rent 117 SO. Key at promises.
LKAVENWORTII. 1G19'£- 4 sunny rooms and
bath; hot and cold water; gas.
LOVELY modern flat of 6 rooms, bath and
yard. 3370 Seventeenth St., near Guerrero.
NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 rooms, yard and cel-
lar; rent 310: sunny: no children.
IF you want to move get printed list flat* to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. Montgomery.
MODERN flat, 8 rooms, bath; good order. 1123
Howard St., near Seventh.
EACRAMENTO. 1366—2 bay-window flats of X
roorr.e; gas; rents $12 CO and $7.
3 ROOMS and hall at ll 1^ Bruce place, oft*
Folsom St., between Seventh and' Eighth.
J14— SUNNY flat. 5 large rooms; bath; gas;
large yard. S&30 Nineteenth at., between Noe
end Sanchez.
$10— FLAT of 3 rooms; yard; modern Improve-
ments; no children. CIS Webster st.
FURNITURE - FOR SALE.
nA^_rcHANc_r "~~"
Brand new and elegant furnlshlnza of mod-
ern "-room flat for sale at a bargain; sun all
day; centrally located; rent of flat $30; all
I cRfh not required If responsible. Inquire Gll-
i bert & Moore Slor. Co., Murphy big. 1236 Mkt.
4 ROOMS furnished In cak US 40. with No. 7
range. KlriK Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Mnrk»t.
FURNITURE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets.
etc.. see W. K. Cody. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1103 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses- bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys, your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. : tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for.second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE).
AT C. R. JIANSEJ?~_rc^7s77rPho^e - al : _nTl83
-•• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 good chambermaids for first-class hotel.
Pasadena, $20; B chambermaids, Coronado
Beach, '$20; 12 'waitresses, Los Angeles, $30;
8 waitresses. Coronado. I and half-rate fare
for all above places
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...104 Geary st.
WAITRESS. Arizona, free fare, $20; waitresses,
Bakeraneld, Fresno. Hopland, Stockton, Red-
wood City. J20 each and fare advanced; 10
¦waitresses,, city, and 4 chambermaids to wait,
city, $20; cook, hotel, $30; first-class hand on
shirt machine to go south, J35; marker and
distributor, $12 week; woman for plain laun-
dry work and do up tha white shirts, hotel
laundry. $25 and fare paid
FA MILY DEPARTMENT.
2 nurses, references, $20; French nurse girl
for Sausalito, $20; 2 chambermaids to do sew-
ing,. $25 each; house girl, Presidio, $25; 2
cooks, city. J25; house girls, second girls, etc.
C. R. HANSEN,-; CO . 104 Oeary st.
ENGLISHMAN and wife as coachman and ¦
cook, $40; colored man and wife as cook ana
butler, short distance in country, see party
here.;... .. '
C. R. IIAJJEEN & CO 104 Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
• ....HOTEL DEPARTMENT....
Waitress, Marys vllle, $23 60. fare paid; wait-
ress. Red Bluff; waitresses for Pasadena.
Coronado, . Santa. Barbara, 120. rates for fare;
. 4 waitresses, Salt Lake City, $20, - fare ad-
vanced; 3 waitresses, city, $20; 3 chamber-
maids to wait. $20; woman cook. $30
• ¦••• FAMILY DEPARTMENT...........
Cook. J2S; nurse girl, $15, same place: German
cook, *25; second girl, $20; younar second girl,
$16; and a number of house girls, $15 to $?p. .
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO ..835 Geary st.
COOK. Institution. $30: waitress, $20; seam-
stress, $26; cook, $30; second girl.- family of 2.
126; 10 second girls. $25 and {20: housekeeper.
$12, light work. . MRS. NORTON. 313 8utter.
A-HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, -m. 12.
Waitresses, city hotels. $25 and $20.
PRACTICAL Millinery School: established Ii
yrs.; trade taught; class now forming; terms
easy; references given. 1107 Van Ness a\~.
GIRLS WANTED................. ...."..'....
¦Experienced tobacco ¦ strippers. Apply WM.
¦ LEWI 3 & CO.. Z4 California Bt.
RELIABLE young girl to ; assist with house-
work; 4-room cottage; 2 children; 1 $10 to $12
per month. 207 Carl at., off Stanyan.
GIRL to do general housework; 3 In family.
1244 California at. '
YOUNO, girl, able to ppcak German, to assist
with baby. S019 ; Sacramento st. ' ' .
EXPERIENCED chambermaid ; married : 3 or
.4 hours daily; wages ?8. 678 Howard Bt. 7
GIRL for general housework. 9&7 Devlsadero
- street. - \ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ '¦¦-- .-¦" ¦_.¦¦'¦, -\ ¦]-
SCRUBWOMAN, once a week, dean store,
windows, etc.? $1 SO. ¦ 619 Larkin St. ; . ,
LADY agents willing to work; new good seller:
dally $5; easily made. Apply room 90, St.
Ann's building. .;;-.. ¦--, , -
GIRL to do hairwork. Apply between 12 and
- 1 o'clock. MMB, PHILLIPS, 12S Geary St..
PANTS ' flnlsher wanted. 253& Stevenson St.,
• between Third and Fourth..-.- ;•..-•
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED UST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BUNNY corner: « rooms and bath, yard, etc.;
r«nt reasonable. Corner Twenty-sixth st. and
Ban Jose ave.. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
HOUSE of 8 rooms; 2 lots: large basement;
rent $14. Key corner Eighth and Alabama.
HOWARD. 110&— Upper part house 5 sunny
rooms, bath, yard. Key at barber shop. -
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
WILL rent a.11 or a portion of a sunny, well-
furnished house of 10 rooms: gas and a coal
range; telephone; yard; stable. 614 Capp st.
HOUSE CLEANING.
JAPANESE House Cleaning Co., estab. 1830:
removed to 419 Devlsadero at., tel. Fell 13S.
"LOST AXD FOPXD.
LOST— On Market st. or Mortgomery St.. a
lady's gold chain bracelet; liberal reward.
Room- 86, Rnta Houae.
PART of yellow silk waist on Market St.. be-
tween Thirteenth and Sanchez; reward. f 413
N&e at. '
LOST. January .30— Fox terrier dog; black and
tan head, black spot on back. Return to
210V4 Eleventh st. and receive reward.
GOLD watch and chain; inscription "From
Mother to Mamie." Return 2702 Twentieth
St.; liberal reward.
LOST— January 27, black, cocker spaniel. Bess.
Finder, please return to 1617 Alcatraz ave..
¦¦ Lorin, Berkeley: reward.
LOST— Black pocketbook with 2 keys, t re-
ceipts. Box 1312. Call ofllce.
LOST— A pocketbook containing paper of value
to owner only; owner's name on puree. Re-
turn to 23 New Montgomery st.; reward.
BOAT found at Bakers Beach. Address box
69, Presidio.
Wanted— Old rold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler, 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD rold. silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKKL. 817 Market st.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
MATTRESSES ASD^rl-LoW^ "te_ "IbouUj^7»£
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; fine up-
holstery; expert carpet-cleaning and laying.
HOPKE BROS.. 318 and 220 Eleventh rt.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; estab. 1SS7; reliable & con-
fldenttal; lists. 10c. MR3. HERTZ. 706 Eliia st.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W, O'DONNELL, moved to 1013 Market,
opp. Bth: world-renowned ladles* specialist;
safe, reliable; practiced In Ban Francisco for
yearn; treated thousands of ca?*s successfully;
treatment can be used at borne; consultation
! .free. After all others fall call on him.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 837 Market St.. cor. 81xth—
Safe and reliable ladHes' physician; treatment
*6; positive cure guaranteed; when others fall
consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL.
DP.S. GOODWIN, 1007% Market, expert on dls-
easeB of women; 15 years' practice in S. F.. a
cure guaranteed; J5 at office; have cured thou-
eands of casee; unexcelled succees; see free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yra"
I euccescful practice: guaranteed treatment at
i office, J3; any ailment; home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post >„. bet. Hyde and Larkin.'
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market-Ladles*
specialists; 32 years' practice: punitive cure
guaranteed; ladies treated can return same
day; HINDOO HERB home cure; stamps, clr.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1033 Market— Ladles' epe-
cialist; *afe and sure cure. $5; bent care: low
fe.es; when all others fall consult free.
DR. POPPER. MRS. DR. LA TOUR, ladle*'
specialists; new process; sure cure: no medi-
cine;every woman h«r own physician. _!3Kearny
MRS. Da OWYER. ladles' specialist; home
for patients. 504 Eddy et.
; DR. NG TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
¦ advice fre*. 704 Sanrnmentn nt.. near Kearny.
MINES AXD MIXING.
LEARN something this week about Monteruma
copper; we'll give you Information. AMER-
ICAN GUARANTEE & TRUST CO., selling
crents, 310 Safe Deposit bii!l£lnjr, <a. F.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR. SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. He
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont et.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new' and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
12 complete outfits on one floor, ready made*
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 10?l. 1013 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
BUY a brand-new typewriter for S5 down and
ti per month; write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California
St.; rentals, new machln-s. S3 per 'month.
A— BUYS, sells or renta gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 21S a'pear at.
FOR rale— Dental parlors and outfit for cash:
call between 9 and 13 a. m. BIEBERST. 761
Valencia st.
A— JO-TON Howe wagon scale: compound
beam. Apply at 216 California st.
A GREAT bargain; new J175 sealskin Jacket fop
$90. UXCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant ave.
$5-^SlNGER sewing machine in good order. 1571
• Market st, near Twelfth.
ONE lathe Dow pump, pulleys and shafting
at a barc-ln, 634 Mission st.
ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery St., se'.i
at low figures all makes 2d-hand typewriters.
| FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and" sold. KP.OOH MFG. Co.
2D-HAND steam, gas, oil, water and air — ia-
chlnery bought and sold. White. 516 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers- Iron and wood
planers, lathes; id-hand. J. Burke. 139 BeaJe.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and maglo lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 100 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEOt-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-4S3 Sacramento st.
: MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all slses. THE
WALTZ PA~E. 109-111 Market *t.. San TVan.
MISCELLANEOUS WASTS.-
WANTEEv-Plano In-exchange for work or les-
sons in painting, shorthand, drawing, etc
Address R. M.. Call office. Ala— ieCa.
A — KLEIN pays best price for clothing, brtc-a-
¦ brae. oM gold. 109 Sixth st. ; phene Jessie 141.
WANTED— 2nd-hand naphtha launch; 2 or 4 H.
P. A. J. Gustaveaon. Berlin bldg.. T acoma.
LADIES' and gents' cast-oR clothing bought &
sold. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom,,: tel. FoUom 1131.
MOXE Y TO Jj>Ag.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc • do
not borrow of your friends or you will 'lo*»
.their friendship; do business with stranger*
and you will be better satisfied; no delay- no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 306 Market si.'
AA— BE3T rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
;....... Interest In Estates '„
......Undivided Interestg la Real Estate
Financial problems 1 of all sorts and sl'iei
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 620 Market.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cenf firs*
eecond mortgages, estates in probate Interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor
Chronicle building. HALLORaN _ PL-KnI
ANY amount at 6 per ceat;lst, 2d and Sd mort-
gaps. undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
• batt; mortgages and legacies bought: no V
-?I Ket _ Iiy ,., te £ n .?,£* fore d0ln * business eUe-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. t.
H i X ik HI 1 Y 7 espcctabIe ' P rtv -t« Place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84« Market
St.; tel. Main 1844. Branch 19 Third st.
A-J500.CCO ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and «llat-
•erals. J. EROWNSTONE, 11 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by. private
¦ Party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
I tlaL Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.'
ON furniture. ¦ pianos; no removal : money
j quick; lowest interest: easy terms; na broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. roo— i 63.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California."
$100,000 TO loan. on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co., 222 S&nsome. rm. 2.
LOANS.lst or2dmtgs; city. country; 6%: unAl.
Tlded.lnts.; estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan.
THE TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
MONEY to loan on furniture by private party:'
, low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. W9 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
• doraer. 8. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan blc.
™_ ~MOSEY "WANTED. . ~~~
WANTED-11000 on 33600 worth of furniture;*
' fine piano; will pay 1H per cent. ¦ Address
- Money, box 1011. Call offica.
CLAIRVOYANTS. |
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Et., corner of Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
nnd 26; take elevator. .Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed ,by mall; send stamp for pa— i-
nhlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
IFMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant anJ
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th: private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MMC Et. Elmo— Special this week, $1 readings
C5c; palmistry, — ater readings. P44 Mission.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture 25c; ladies. J>y O'Farrell st.
MRS. Melvlll, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11, 6th;Germanspokon; tel. Howard 1S46.
MRS.VALEEN, palmist, clairvoyant, card read-
er and magnetic hoaler. 213 Leavenworth st.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy. Is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clnlrvoypnt. business me-
dium: mining a specialty. 115 Kearnv. r. 8-10.
MME. SCHAKFER. clairvoyant, card reafier;
sittings daily. 44SV& Jessie st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvcyant. card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay: 25c. 1119 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
art vice: parres piven: 2£c un. B Fourth ft.
CARPET BEATIXG'AXD CL.EAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
?end to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
!ng Works. S53-S57 Tehama St.; tel. South 49.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944. ¦
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating Rndteeno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Fourteenth st.: tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleanlr.g Co., 403 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Oarpet-Beatlnir Works, 333 Golden
Hwt» av«». ; telephone East lit.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions, lnorrown nails, warts, chll-
blaln?: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 flutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
le'gs puccessful. Room 310. i'il Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$14— SUNNY cottage, & rooms and bath; water
free. C37 Dolores et., below Twentieth. S
$10 — NEARLY new,- of 4 rooms. 46t Douglass
et., near Twenty-first, Castro-f>t. cars.
dentists:
A^"u«1_L_^"RO^I>KJ<TA_rciriNT8r"809^M^
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
f% 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 £0 up; of-
fice hours. 8 a. rn. to 10 p.m.; Sundays, 9 to 3
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D.. Manager.
A— DISCOUNT of 20 per cent for 30 days on ail
plates, crowns and br-ldjfework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for JO years; crowns. 13 50; fillings. 50c; plates,
J">. full F»-t; nil work palnieFS and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth et.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings : extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; SO years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. JO O'Farrell «.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; did plates made over like new; teeth
from ti per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
THE New York Dantists have moved to tt9
Mission st.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction. We.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush—
F_ll set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
! VR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner bulldinsr: formerly in Murphy bide.
A. L. -SIMPSON. D. D. S.. 1206 Market St.— Ex-
pert tooth extractor: crown Rnd brldsework.
VAN VROOM — "Palcletfa" ; evenings and Sun-
tsyn. lf«l Market st.. corner Sixth.
6ET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
VOTTNO. 1*41 Pnlk st.
EDUCATIONAL.
EVENING SCHOOL. 8. F. BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1136 Market St.: individual instruction
In bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 month..
ALL students but two taking full course this
jear got positions. SAN FRANCISCO HUSI-
NESB COLLKGE, IS26 Market St.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
and evening; $3 per month; $10 life scholar-
ship guarantees a complete business educa-
tion, including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 154 positions secured for our students
during the past 6 months; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MAREH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
fua&es, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.: day
end night sessions; new SO- page catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS .COLLEGE has posl-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract,
end can therefore with confidence guarantee
positions to all its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
MINING school of II. Hiirehing. 334 Kearny st.,
open; day nr.d eve. classes; ch~niiBtry, lixiva-
tlon, mineralogy, geology, coal oil formation.
MATHEMATICS, languages, preparation for
college and civil service: backward pupils
taught: experience; credentials. Box 125S, Call.
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeepiDE-flgures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
THE Silvan Guitar Book, by D. Mansfield; Just
out; 135 pretty and easy pieces; at the music
storee.
MANDOLIN, vloiin. guitar players, club prac-
tice. Merkl, reliable teacher, IOCS Mission st.
FnENCH,Spanish.ete.Prof.DeFi!lppe'sAcademy
of languages. 320 Post; estab'd 1871: ablest profs.
MUNSON, School Shorthand. Typing. Bookkeep-
ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc ; day or eve.< J3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— nigrht claep. 424 Pine st.
EMFLOY.MEXT^OFFICES.
A — UNION "Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office; best
help furn.; do— ie«stlc servants; 'work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 37«.
JAPANESE* responsible housecleanlng co. ; ©st
1870: practical recommend: try them ; removed
to 419 Devlsadero: tel. Fell 196. F. HAM AD A.
JAPANESE ar.d Chinese/ help of all kinds;
cooks. walter3 and house servants. GEO.
AOKI ft CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 133.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help. 626 O'Farrell St.; teL Hyde 2191.^
RELIABLES Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 8183.
A'B C EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. £44 California; phone James 2601.'
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black £072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 4im O'Farrell st. : tel. Eaat 42S.
EMP-OYMEXT WASTED —^ESIALE.
A GERMAN ~oman, good cook and house-
worker; city or country. MRS. NORTON,
813 Butter st. "¦ . •
A NIC—! woman, good cook, wishes situation
where there aro no other women to show her
how to cook; good wages; reference. L30
Gough st. • • ' -...'..
MIDDLE-AGED woman, with. girl of 12 years,
wishes a place to work or do cooking 1 in the
country. Box 1315, CmII office,
WANTED— By a woman, a position to work in
small family; is good cook and house worker;
wants a home more than wages. 812 Bryant.
EXPERIENCED woman with best' references
wishes position as housekeeper or as cook
on- ranch. 1110 Clay bt. <t '
EXPERIENCED. 1 reliable woman wonts wash-
ing or house cleaning by the day. Box 1321,
CaU office.
COMPETENT woman aa cook, or housework;
city or country; has best references. Call
759 Mission Bt.
SITUATION wanted in boarding-house or ho-
tel experienced lady. 535 Gough Bt.;.. '
A LADY wishes work by the day; -chamber
work or house cleaning. 940 Howard st. y-
A YOUNG girl wishes, situation at general
housework. Apply at 809 Thirteenth st.
•YOUNG girl wishes situation for light house-
work: plain cooking. 2514 Bryant ¦ st. ¦:
I YOUNG woman wishes to do housework In
good family. Apply 1263 Broadway, nr. Hyde.
A RELIABLE woman . with ';. boy 4 years . old
wUhes a position as waitress or to do any
; kind .of . housework; country preferred: can
furnish references. Bex 14S6,~ Coll office. .
FIRST-CLASS laundress by day; good hand en
children's clothes. J. B., box 148S. Call office.
BEWINO machine operators wanted at I~™1
. Strauss & Co.'s overall factory, 22& Fremont
eU Apply to AIR. DAVIS. • ;
. - " - " ¦ . : f . ¦ ' . v *¦
J - t ¦'. ¦
OPERATORS on electric power sewlnr ma-
chines on shirts and overalls at C-REENB-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHAEL'S. 531 Mission.
WANTED— An intelligent woman -about 30
for high grade position; muat have references.
Box 1497. Call office. ¦-.''
GIRL for lleht housework; small family; good
¦ home. Apply 1134 Turk st. - •
"WANTED— Young girl for light housework in
small family; apply morning. 2422 Bush st.
LADY to manasre 11-room house; ' must have
$2C0. D. Invest. Co.. 850 Market street.
WANTED— Experienced operators on ladles'
waists. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market Bt.
ONLY experienced operators on ladles' waists.
B. F. Manufacturing Co.. 409 Turk St.
WANTED— Milliner; head trimmer; state ex-
perlence and salary expected. Box 1477. Call.
EXPERIENCED button-hole operators on
shirts. BRENNER-ULMAN CO.. 18 Battery.
A WETNURSB; mast be a strong, healthy
wflman. Box 146C, Call ofBce.
WANTED— Apprentice cirl'on coats; pay while
learning. 115 Russ Bt.
WANTED— A young woman for cooking and
general housework. «03 Fair Oaks st.
OPERATORS on lafllea' underwear to work
in factory. 723 Market Bt. room 85.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia Et.
HELP WANTED — 31A_.E.
A— WANTED.... •••'.'•••••_
10 laborers for sawmill company, *28 and
10 rallroed laborers'.' $26 "and' board, eteady
work; to so to-morrow • ••
W. D. EWER & CO 810 day et.
A— WANTED _*••
German milker, city. WO; Swiss buttermaker
and milk, {35 and found; milker, small string,
country-. «5. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. .Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Roast cook, $70; second cook, $80; fryer, $40;
vegetable cook, $35; short order cook. $85;
French waiter, $11 week: marker and dis-
tributor, $40; polisher on machine, $35 and
found; preseer on gentlemen's clothes, $35
and $40; all for hotel laundry, country, and
one-half fare .•..,.
MISCELLANEOUS .......: _
Colored couple, wife cook and man butler,
short distance/ in country, eee party here;
English coachman and wife as cook, coun-
. try, $40; coachman. Rood. references, $35
C. R. HAJJSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main £848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agenta...
.......WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Milker, run separator .,, $25 and found
3 farm hands r". $M and found
Farmer and wife Stableman
3 choremen and' boys a
ISO woodchoppers and tlemakera
Second cook .....$33 and found
•Waiter, country hotel $30 and found
MURRAY & READY 684-636 Clay St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 28 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Walters, country, $30, half-fare; colored
wai ter. club. t35; key clerk. $25.
10 PICK and shovel men, $1 75; 10 teamsters.
$1 75; office open at 8:30. California Employ-
ment Agency. 69 Fifth Bt.
JOURNEYMAN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1ES3. I. LESS, Secretary.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. Ii. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
' ROAD SALESMAN.
ROAD SALESMAN.
Shoe salesman with road experience wanted
to sell on commission well-advertised line of
boots and shoes for old-established house. Ad-
dress, with references, box £229, Boston, Mass.
WANTED— Exparlenced crockery salesman i
give reference, experience and wages ex-
pected. Box 1317, Coll ofllce.
EXPERIENCED boy for candy factory and
Etore; wages $5 to J6 per week. For particu-
lars address box 1320, Call ofSce.
WANTED — A well-educated youth In a phy-
sician's ofnee. Box 1314, Call office.
i ___!
DISHWASHER wanted. 422 Sixth et.
A GOOD restaurant waiter wanted. 1550 _Iar-
" ket st.
$150— STEADY man aa partner In corner sa-
loon; particulars 247 Fifth st., cigar store.
WANTED-A pantry man. Co Gee John. 813
Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced bedmaker at 14$ Sixth
street.
BOOTBLACK. . 152 Third st.
GOOD oysterman.' 330 Fourth st.; call after
6 p.m.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps. U.
S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 25; not
lees than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
1 Inch in height; able to read, write and
speak English. For further Information ap.
• ply at the Marine Recrultlns Office. 40 Eliia
st.. San Francisco. Cal.
CANVASSERS wanted for • _lf« and Reign of
Queen Victoria." by the eminent historians,
Prof. Chas. Morris 6c Murat Halstead; nearfy-
600 pes; size 7x10: 100 richest Illustrations;
greatest & best; tremendous seller; only $1 50;
big book; big commissions; | credit given;
freight paid; outfits free. The Dominion Co.,
Dept. V, £34 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
WANTED— An experienced rent collector; lib-
eral compensation. Apply to A. J. RICH &
CO.. real estate, 112 Montgomery st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 2£o
to COc. 662 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
YOUNG man as porter In saloon and help be-
hind the bar. 1335 Market st.
PANTS and vest maker for country. Apply
RKIS5 BROS. CO., 24 Sntter St.
i WANTED — An experienced marker and dis-
tributor. Apply at once at Vallejo Steam
Laundry, Vallejo.
BOY for factory; good opportunity to adranc_
Address box 14S1. qall office.
WANTED — Al refracttonlst graduate optician;
salary $120 per month. Address box 1403, Call.
FOIl sale— Barber shop, complete, with fix-
tures; sacrifice: $60. 501 Castro, cor. 18th.
MEN OI» WOMEN
Paid Big Commissions
UTICA CIjEANBING COMPOUND* COM-
PANY, 21 Spear st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed; special
inducements; catalogue free. HOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
r_ns Denver Hause. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms: 26c per night; $1 to |Z per week. .
BRIGHT men of rood address; money ad-
vanced to right party. CaU between- S and
» a. m. at 302 Post Bt. ¦
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and Sd sts.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, ISo and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tuition
at S. F. barber school. '¦ 74 1A Howard St.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliablr
firm, 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
SAILORS ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. Z« Steaart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; TOO rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bun and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions ras been established . at 10M
Valencia st. ' .•-:/.^'--:
HEMORRHOIDS.
ANY case of Piles. Piles, Piles. Piles; over 200
permanent cures among business men of San
Francisco alone; men who can be Interviewed;
: no surgery, salyes or ointments; no interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1950. C_1L
HORSES A>'D WAGONS. \
40 HORSES for rale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Blxth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— Double or single team horses; largo
express wagon; also fine cart. Apply at 410
. Cortland. ave., near Mission St.
FINE road horse S years old: well broken and
gentle; can trot a mile in 2:30; color sorrel;
height 15.3. Can be seen at 393 Fifth at.
FOR sale— Cheap, for want of use. pair young
routes. : 484 Merrimac St.. Oakland; .forenoons
-; or any time Sundays. -
8KCOND-HAND curtain opera bus, bike, buggy
I and phaeton. O'BRIEN'S, Golden Gate ave.
¦ and Polk st. - . . • . ¦• ' : < *
FINE young horse very cheap. Call 1931
Fifteenth et. ; -'¦
THREE fast road horses; also some good
. business horses, at 721 Howard st. -
A— 100 SETS rjcond-hand harness; wagons,
: carts, ; buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
¦ camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632. Mission.
HvsiCAiP'iKSSTnirnEX'n.
ANT person _a-lng cse for a piano can b« ao-
commodated at Sherman. Clay ft Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each t_e b«et
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to «x change medium and low
priced pianos for a new Stein— ay any tlms
within three rears from i!at» of purchas*.
Beautiful new uprights soM for }4 cash a&4
$5 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for S3, 34 and tS per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco:
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St., Oak-
land.
AT n gents' cost cjos.ed- out V.'aJla 'Walla a«*cy.
3 Stelnways 3123. 31S8. tKi
1 Hallet & Davis 494
2 Chlckerlngs J165. »_?»
1 Novella «5
1 Heine '. '- 232
3 Haynes (50 others) _S
• W« handle all makes; agents for some old-
est and most famous pianos in existence.
Our new rent contract, rent or bay. $4. $4. $4.
Privilege tr> return or exc.aange at any t!_<».
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
ARSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hons»
west of Chicago is KOHLER £ CHASE'S, 21,
M and 20 OTarrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grade*
¦ nd prices; terms easy; prices lowest: eve— f-
t_ln; possible dona to please, ar.d satisfy ta*
customer.
' i ORGANS, rrom $_ to $«. " *
3 eecond-hand pianos, from JT3 to 1145.
4 new uprights, from $150 to $_5.
Guaranteed: easy payments. B_?*JA_T?*
CTJHTAZ _ BON, 1S-1S-20 CFarrell st.:
Chickerlng agency.
FOIt full particular* of the great piano sala
now going on at MATTVAIS* music stor* read
the display advertisement In the Bulletin to-
day. In the meantime go to the stor*. 7O
Market St., and see the beaatlful assortment
of pianos to select from.
FINE 3-pedal upright plant>; standard make:
sacrifice: leaving city, tet Golden Cats ave.
ON SALE— J2S5: Hallet-Da-ris upright; cost
l«75. Room ZS, 217 Geary st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Hardraan, Con-
over and others. Wllsy B. Allen Co., TA Post.
BATIOAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank!
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone.' HORNTJNG. 21S McAllister St.
A CLEARINfJ out sal^ of pianos in storage;
dirt cheap. Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st!
BYRON* MAUZY, agency Sohmer&Co.. By nn
Mauzy. Gabter and Speilman pianos. 3fM Pest.
SPECIAL SALE— Im— ieri5e: reductions; s»« cur
leader, only J150. BRTJENN. 209 Post st.
2-PEDAIi upright: neaMy new; bargain; cwn»-
lea 1 — Ing city. 2_n Mission st.
AT KEEFFE'S. »I3 Market ft., 4 eleffant up-
rlghts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent ntrwk in city: new pianos S3 per
month. SCOT T-CURTAZ. 5g) Hayes St.
SUPERIOR violins, zither!!. oM «n<! new. h".
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham nlace.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Th« TC 'eekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address in th»
TTnlted States cr Canada on« year for h,
postag" raid.
OFFICES A?f_» STORKS TO LET.
CORNER store— West correr Fourth and Perry
sts.; occupied as grocery and bar for past
P) years: rent $20: water free. Apply to O.
H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery at.
_^ OIL.
1>TV_:STOR8 de'lrlns: to purchaaw proven oil
land in MS 2SE, Kern River rMstrlct. snr-
• rounded by Cowing oil wells, can learn of a
snap if taken at once. For full . particular*
call room 3; 2d floor. MJHa bulldlnr.
OUR Information is at your disposal: If yon tr<
uncertain what oil stock to buy call or writ*
us. HALLOCK & CONNOLLY. 4»9 Parrot B<1.
ANT part of ECCO acres of oil land, near Oil
City, for sale at $1 25 per acre. Address or
use G.. 1413 Call building. San Francisco.
JOSEPH B. TOPI-ITZ. 3S0 Pln« street.
MEIHJKR PRODUCERS* OIL E7CCHANGS.
Country correspondence solicited.
2500 ACRES oil la_d: $3 to K0C6 per acre. W.
C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood buil-3lng.
Ollt LANDS FOR~8AL_U
KERfT Rlrer: proven, territory: lln» of R. R.
K»wtnn. Carm«n » fSare~m. r. 1<H. ~h— mtr!»
PAIXTEnS AND DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades: rooms papered. «
up. Jensen _ Bath. 80S Sixth st. :ot«"i evenlnr*.
— — ____________
FREE class In scientific palmistry opens fcr
— crk Friday. Feb. 1. at Chircloglcal College,
809 Powell st.: students wishing to begin wilt
recelv* first lesson free: terms reasonable.
H. JEROME F0SSE3__I, sclentlflo palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geyyand Post: teL Black Ml.
PATENTS AND PEJISIOX8.
ADVICE free; no charce unless Boccessfu*.
GEO. D. CAMPBELLs Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
TOUNO man. 23 years eld. wishes to make th»
acquaintance of your.e lady; objaot. matrl-
mony. Box 1310. Call ofHce.
HORTENSE, for heaven's sak» com* bade or I
lose everything.
TO Whom It May .Concern— All persona ar»
hereby notified that I will not b« responsible
for any debts or obligations contracted by
LORRAJNE W. DE! LA JIONTANTA. other-
wise MRS. JAMES DE I_\ MONTANTA. AS
shs has no right or authority to obtain foods
or contract debt* on my credit.
JAMES DE UA MO2~CA_-rA.
Paris. France. January .9. 1901.
TO "Whom It May Concern— Notice la hereby
given that I will not b« responsible for any
debts contracted cr. Incurred by my wife.
KATIE WINTER, she having left my horn*
and deserted m» Jaaoary IX 1901.
ANDREW WINTER.
Dated San Francisco, Cal., January 31, 1301.
FRED MANN*, magnetlo therapeutist. 8*3 Mc-
Allister — Head trouble*, weak eyes, falling
sight, ear complaints cured: without medicine. "
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25o to II E0 per night; tl CO to S3 per week:
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FINE ifu'ts, SIO: dre»s pants, 13 75. Ml_— TV
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A— $3 60 DEREY and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Popu"-
lar Price Hatters, 130 Kearny st.. near Pine.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single. thr*«-<JU_rt<"r
or double. 12 25. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO.. 1310-1212 Stockton st., near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 13
years' experience. J. B. IIAT, 357 Jessls st.
PRIVATE detective work; skillful lnvestlga-
tor; low rates. Box 1338. Call office.
VII Y guess? You are certain of style and fit by
using Standard Patterns: February style*
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 1031 Market st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and motes destroyed wt-t
electric needle. MISS EATOX, 1113 Butter st.
MASQUERADE coettimes. play books, wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 133 Mlct.
DR. LA_IOTTE'S French Corn Paint. t_» best
corn cure; 23c; all druggists.
ALFREDIJM3 Egyptian Henna: restores rray
hair to its natural color: U: at all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AXD StTRGLEOXS.
DR C C CDONNELLr-Offlce and residence,
loirm Market st. between Sixth and Seventh.
HKAL ESTATK CXTY FOR SVLB.
THE choicest lots and north of th* Park not
far out. tbe Sacra— .ento-st. line paasing In
front, the Geary and Sutter e_ cars on each
side; three lines of street railroads; deslrabl*
because they are easy to reach, with street
work all dons and ready for building: gaa.
water and electricity ready to turn on; of-
fered so cheap that It doee not tak« much
money to buy one. as the banks will land
most of the purcb_u» money and that show*
the value, or they can b« paid for In ea*y
Installments of J23. W. J. OUNV, 630 Cali-
fornia st., between Montgomery and Kearny.
IK you have property north of th* Park a— 4
you wish to sell quickly, then call oa W. J.
OUNN. £30 California st.
MODERN houses built reasonable: plans furn.:
drop postal. Salsbury. builder. liW Broadway.
MODERN houses built; lowest prices: plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. X147 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best la America— The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In th*
United States or Canada one year for »U
postage paid. ¦
REAL. ESTATE — COUATRY—For Sale
A WELL-BUILT, modem, sunny bay-window
cottage, 4 rooms, bath and pantry', high base- ¦
merit, chicken-house; lot 25x120: muat sell;
make ofTer. 3C0 Ninth ave.. Richmond District.
M. GRIFFIN, 710 Market, sells and exchanges
c.ty and country realty: printed Ust3: Sonoma,
Santa Clara. Shasta and other counties.
WRITS J. W. HORN, 812 Main, Petalum*. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate banralns.
BEAL ESTATB TO EIC1U.1GE.
120 ACRES In Oreeon, Improved farm, good
house and barn, near school and 2 miles from
market, to exchange for property la city or
suburbs. Address 411 Harriet st.
SASf FHAXCISCO CALL. . -..
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ean Francisco .
C_1L corner cf Market and Third street*; opea
until IS o'clock even' nlgnt In the year..
BRANCH OFHCES-ea Montgomery street,
eo— ;er Clay: cpen until 8:30 p.m. -. . .
tot) Hayes street; cpen until S:SO p. m..
O McAllister street: open until S:30 p. m.
«;5 Lerkin *tre«?t: open until 9:S0 p. m.
15H Mission i-treet: cpen until ID p. m.
_fl Market street, corner : Sixteenth; cpea
CTrtll S I>. !*• . '. •
306 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. BL.'
JC5€ Valencia street; open .-until 9 p. ~.
Northwest corner Twenty-second — -<* Ken- 1
f.irk-v 'streets: cpen unlM • p. m^ . I
MEKTIXO NOTICES. 'J '
CALIFORNIA Co— imtnderr No- L X. __•
• T . « Post Kt.— Regular assembly THIS -fijjf"
(FRIDAY) HVENINU. at 7:30 o'clock. O
Order cf the Temple. All traterri Wa»- j
¦¦¦ courteous!}' Jnvifd: Uy order of tlva _T i
Ccm niamier. HIRAM T. 'GRAVES;.- Rec ;
APOLLO LoiK* No. 1-3. I; O. O. \
F SECOND DEGREES THIS sJ?2b?X_
• FRIDAY) EVKNINft. 6 o'clock; "^SgS-SS?- 1 "
n!?o nmendnn-nt ; to by-laws. <?'* vv i
"Come one. ooni* ali." ¦
CHARLES E- PERRY. N. O. ,
W. F. XORCr.OSS, Recording Secretary. .j
PACIFIC Mt» N*. I?*. I. O. O. F.
Officers :.:-.' member* "ill ofr°~.- ~x^f^?&
bie Bt the lodgeroom on SATKR-
DAT. February ?< »W» «» 1 "f™" 1 **
o'clock r- rn., to attend the funeral of our
late brother. JOSRPH GRAHAM.
AlKlLrHUi 1 E. GliAt-TNKR, >.'ofc!e Grand. •
FRANKLIN U. CARSON. Secretary.
REGULAR mer_BS — 'be Caledcn- v •& >^
ian Club THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- \*C,J
ING Bt S o'clock. Tickets will be "$£_£_*
<5;?tr'.i>utea to members for the
' Queen's BtetBGria] services in Mechanics' Pa- ;
v;i;cr for Saturday ut 2 p. m. Scottish. Hall, !
117 Larkin et. ' j
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief. :
. T AP- H. DUNCAN. Secretary. '. ;
MASTER Msrir.ort' Benevolent Axtn- .~jrj^^*" :
ciation. Special meeting will be ','tf* I
heM at he!l. :-,Tj Post (ftreet. SATUR- *^___».j
PAT. February ". at ;; m. All mern- • ¦ !•
N-rs ere re<ju<'sl»*d to be present for the I
rurpose of atT,'^<lir.s the funeral of bur de- j
o*8s=*>d biothpr. CAPTAIN GERARD DEB- ;
NET. B" crdc-r of the President.
L. TRAUNG. Ree. Sec. j
OFFICSBfi and rn'mhcja of [_ -'
CtMforrsia Karbar Ne. 15.
*¦ • r- -• •-. AfSoclMtlon o( j£fiGp*3i_&"»
M Fters p~i Pilots-. sire tvW-^ii^ 5 *'^^
r'-auested to meet at thfir 5*'*^^ .
hsll. ferry builiJine. on •'..?-'
K«".jruary 2. at 1! o'clock, for i
«he pur^osB of atten-linp the funeral of our :
!at» brother. Captain CERAF.ll DEBNEY. !
F>rvic»-e at his late residence. ?43 McAllister •
Ftreet. at I o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn j
Cemetery- By cider of the Captain.
R. N. PIPPEY; gecrc-tary. )
V.'OODMEN of the V.>rl4. - ¦ ~-f%~ \
Golden Gate Camp No. _ i
ff-Me.-r.bers are hen&r t^^^SjjUXK '
• ' attend the gr.-j^^T^a^j
• *>or. JOSEPH GRAHAM. . i
from the First United Presbyterian Church, (
Gotdea Gate b%p. anJ Polk st.. SATURDAY,
at 2 o'riock j)'. m. Rj order
W. P. JONES. Consul Commander, i
— — — I
Til 1 : A— :-?r!can T>!er of February 1 will con- j
tain a portrait of King Edward VII in Call j
Masonic mjalia;. early application Is neees>- I
Ft—,- to obtain a copy. W. C. EULLEN. 78 !
T'i5t et.
THE Ennual meef.r.g of ti-.e stockholders of I
the Sierra Railvrgy Company of California
v.i'.l be held at the office of the company, 'I
r.umber 229 Crocker building. City and County j
of 6an Francisco. Ptate cf California, on •
MONDAY, the i:th day of Fcbrusry. 1901. at '
the hour rf ji o'clock a, m., for the purpose |
r>f Plectlrg directors for the ensuing year and j
the transaction of g\i?b. other business as may I
come before said roeetir.ir.
S. M. KICKET. Secretary,
lasted January 2?. 1P01.
tiliE Callforr.la Debris Commission, having re- j
rt-ived err'.lcaticr.s tn rrice by the hydraulic |
rroceet from Peter H. Rus?ell. in the' Dad's
Culch mine.- near Can:Wonville. Tuba Co.. '
to deposit tailings In Brcndy Creek: from :
¦VS'm. Abbott, and Louis W. Clark. In the t
Oc!d H:!l r-»-er mlr-e. near Rackerby, Yuba j
Co., to <!epoe't tallir.ps in a ravine below the I
rrine. ar.d from E. C. and P. J. Rigney. in j
i!:e Maxej- mine. Dear Mount_ln Ranch, Cal- j
exersa Co., to deposit tailings In O'Neil's !
Crtek, give* nctice that a meeting will be ;
held at room 05-. Flood building, San Fran- I
r:tco. Cat., en February 11. ZSC1. at 1:JO p. m. |
THE repvlar annual n-.eetlot: of the stockhold- !
*rs of the VNION TRUST > COMPANY of
Bon Francisco win be held at ths office of 'j
The con-.par.y in the Union Trust Company's j
building, corner Mor.lgon-.erj-, Post an4 Mar- |
ket Fts.. San Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAT. '
S o'clock p. ra., for the purpose cf elect lnj \
r board cf director? to serve, for the follow- :
Jng year, ths atnendsier.t of the by-laws of t
the company and the transaction of sach I
<»tber business as ir.ay '¦ome before t_«me*t-i
tng. I. VT. in;TXM/.\ JR.. Secretary.
AGENTS WAITED.
A<j~NTS — "Life cf Queen Victoria,"- best, i
largest, most complete ar.9 euther.tlo menior- ¦
lal volurr.e; best ter— ts; bocks shipped from j
Pacific C<r.et deDot: outfit fre<»-: send ]0c ftrr '
r^)^^?g- R. R- Patterson, 413 Montgomery st. ;
hc;a necessity: b»»=t tliinc on the co&st. '
Address Durrte- Zlfg. Co.. II Flood bidg., S.F. '
CAPABLE er.ereeiic ager.tn fcr city" and bay j
towns to represent reliable buzlneES.- . Ad- :
<Tre*=s box J4CS. Ca.ll efflce. j
AGENTS — anted for <ity and laterlor towns, i
Ronra Z*. Flood bjntl-l-g.
AGICNTS ti-ar.ied fcr i roo<l eelll-g pateat. j
rark Hote'.. 2S and Turk st. 1
AGEXTS to B«n a new invention. Room SO. '
Coiumtlan buliClng. $15 Market st. j
ADOPTION. j
HEALTHY baby for adoptiCTi. MRS. DE. •'
FfNK~. 1^6 Kighth pt.. Alameda. |
ASPHALTIM HOOFIXG. j
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re- I
ralred: postal. ZIH Mlgnlon: tel. Kolsom 1607. •
ATTORNEYS AT LAW; j
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty;- private; j
no fee without fucews; collections. G. XV. <
liOiva atty at law, S5'» Market, cor. Stockton. !
F-RAKK W. SMITH, mlnlnt ar.d probate law a '
rpeclalty. Mills big., r. 3. 4th Tr.: tel. Red 361$.
AHVjCE fre*; no charze unless successful. W. J
VT. DAVIDSON', S27 Market St.. opp. Mason. !
1.. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. K7 Mar- I
ket et. : comsr'.tatlon free: no feen In advance, j
BATH CABIX^TS.
S^CTRIC Tightbath cabinets" to let and for !
fale. KZ6 Point J>obog ave. . j
Bcsnnsis ciuxces.
Jl—HTjO — BALOON. with inerc_ntlle lunch; also i
living rooms; among the wholesale houses;
low rent; good buslm-«. Call Ii. O. WILKD, '
rC'i Kearny «t.
_— S2~J>: SALOON, few doors south or Market I
rt.; place kept by owner 12 years and Is do- j
Ing a good buelness; rtckneas only cause of]
fale: net rent $55. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 26Vi j
Kesir.y et.
A — 1750: SALOON: rent 130; pla.ee doing a. busi-
ness of 1700 per month; patronized by sailors
and peidlers; about J300 cleared In SO days.
Call R. G. TS1LKE, Kearny Et.
A — J1000; tea, coffee and crockery store, on ;
Stockton et. : rent MS; living rooms; fixtures j
end etock will Invoice the price; owner- «n- I
gaged otherwise. Call R. G. AVILKE, 26'*
Kcarry et. . : ,••
A— StOO; CANDT and icecream i parlor; rent J28;
si I'lace estab- years and doing a good busi-
ness; owner compelled to leave city at once;
rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A-KCC: CORNER butcher chop, in northern i
T— rt of city: rent t20; horse, cart: selling 4 •
<-_ttJe and about 15 «he«p^er week; a cash
t-ustora. Call It. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A-JSOO; CORNER grocery and bar on Lanrton
rt-; rent $3C; place estab. 20 years; must sell, >
r.* owner wsii.ts to retire and give long lease -
to right p-rty. r. p. wii___. 2tH Kearny.
A-i:i0O; ' RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
close to Union Iron Works; rent $60; \ years' '
lease; a first-claes, paylr.g business; owner
mu« leave for N. T. to eettle estate: inves-
tigate and xnsdee oSfer. R. U. WTLKE, 26'A
Kearcy 6t.
FIUST-CLAfS raloon; elegant fixtures; must
bp'.I before February 1; owner must go north;
trial given: ezer terms; eee this barraJn
Apply to DECKER. 103) Market St.
TO buy. Bell or exchange real estate, store or
but.lr.tss place call on H. C. DECKER. ltCO
Market rt. No charge for advertising.
HOTEL srd bar r.r-ar J7nlon Iron Works; cheap
rent-; offer wanted,' DECKER, 1M0 Market st.
f3T»— BAKERY end coffeo Faloon; fine place;
ieood trade; bargain. McLAUGHLIX, ?~>i
Market st.
«7&— SALOON; No. 1 location: fine fixtures;
full value. McLAUGHLIN, 7T7H Market *t.
J225-CIGAn store; ttood stock and trade: bar-
paln. McLAUGHLIN. 777% Market st.
S225'> — BOARDING and lodging house, with bar
and i;8k«-ry attached, including building and
long irrour.d leaee; pays well. Apply E. W.
HAWKINP. 11 Montgomery st.
BTATE rights; up to date freezer; ice cream
in half-minute: S30O0 required. S. SWE3-
NEY. French Hospital. . ' . -¦
UV>-RESTAURANT; block bo. Market •¦ clears
a-S _>; rent HO; 3 llv. rma. ¦ Ratilt. 3 __dr.
DCSIX— SS CIIAJfCES-«M:OXTINCED.
PARTNER~wanted In a larVe. old-established
• profitable business, controlling a good, eafe,
nolld and reliable trade; owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to sell
• an- interest to an acceptable • party; duties
• will" be the .keeping of accounts and assist-
ing generally in the management of the busi-
ness; cspital required $5000 to $10,000; full
value in fight; books and business open for
investigation. Apply J. W. DONNELLY _
CO.: C32 Market st. : -
A SNAP— Choice of a S5-bbl flouring mill near
•Baiein, Or., . '
' •¦ . " OR . .
The famous Alder G'.en Spring summer re-
i sort. :Ad<3r<**s Alder Glen, Cloverdale.
DRUG ftore; fine location; paylnsf business;
pre?cr!pticn office; fine for a physician; owner
going. tn Ktirope; wiil accept a reasonable
offpr; physicians and druggists- investigate.
Aiireff Dre£s, bpx H?2, Calr of flee.
OUTSIDE route on= this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business Office.
AA— $400; grand opportunity "for lady or gent.;
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room. 2Sd -ave. station. E. Oakland.
DRESSMAKING parlor?, established 13 years;
large list wealthy patrons; paying business;
inve^tlgat". .Newell & Carter. 721 Leguna St.
. LONO-EPTAJJLIBHED watch anil Jewelry re-
pair ehep for rale; low rent; centrally lo-
cated. Address box 14CS. Call office.
FOR sale rh*ap — A complete patent brick
. .plant. Address Ridenhour Brick Co.. Hilton,
Sonoma County, Cal.
TO lease — Hotel, 21 rooms, unfurnished: good
paying bar. furnished; San Rafael station.
; J. SHEARER. Ban Rafael.
LAUNDRY route in largest and oldest estab-
lished laundry In city; |450. Address box 1321,
OH office.
RESTAURANT for Bale; low rent: owner
muet go to Europe. ' Apply 228 Eighth Bt. •
FOR Fale— In. one. of the best towns In Cali-
fornia, a .first-class liquor husiness; $2000- to
i J*SOO required. Inquire. 116 Front st.
, J4fO — CIGAR store, clubroom, laundry office.
I ZZH Third st. . . •
; WANTED— A party to run coffee-house. Par-
ticulars Coffee John.- 633 Clay st. . -
RESTAURANT arid coffee saloon; dally re-
celpts about' $50. Call at place. 410 Kearny.
ESTAB. restaurant: suitable for couple; in-
cluding property. 511 Central ave., nr. Hayes.
i'J-n— CANDY store; choice location. Call 527
Market; r. sn?. 12 m. to 1 p. m.. and C to 5:30.
530 WINS JS05 per month at races; references
given. Information Lyons, B21 Market, r. 4.
LARGE inside route oa this paper for sale.
Apply business office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and .subscriptions
r»-ceiv*d at Call branch- office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Bubpcrlptlons has been established at 1098,
Valencia et.
LODGIXG-HOrSES FOR SALE.
HOTEL fcr sale— 145 rooms; clears $»00 every
month; price to suit. DKCKER. 1020 Market.
2S-RCOM houEe. clearing $l£0
per month. Price only J1450
IG-roora house, near O'Farrell and Powell.
Price only Jl?0O
EC-room bosrdlng-house: clears $100 $5000
lCC-room house; best on earth SCO
IS-rocm house, clears $100; price 750
CC-ronm houte; clears $100; Pine st 850
IC rooms; north of Market st 760
tO-rocm boarding-house; clears $300 MOO
10-room flat: downtown GOO
11 rooms; on Mission st EC")
M rooms; r.eiv furniture; $1000 cash 2690
3$ rooms; on Third st V.... COO
in roorr.s; fine corner; clears $200 3S00
Zi rooms; on Gmry st.: clears $150 1900
i'S rooms; oti Ivearny tit.; clears $150 1C00
Z1 rooms; on Market st 1400 |
31 rooms; clears $75 430 !
U.C> others— Prices from $100 to J?5.000.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
II. C. DECKER. icr» Market: phone Mint 796.
MARION GRIFFIN. MONEY TO LOAN.
719 Market; near Call bldg.; tel. Black 1803.
10 rooms, rent $33; income ISO $400
14 rrr.s.,oor.G.G.ave., rent $40; respectable CCO
18 rms.. cor.: rent SS3. Income $130. 1 floor;
J't*O doTrn and 1 per cent interest on b. 800
23 rooms, rent $40, Income $116 700
27 rooms, velvet carpets; oak and cherry;
respectable; clears $174 month; snap.
40 rooms; rent flOO: a bonanza 1C00
to rooms: fine as eilk: clears $1S5 3000
A new house of 65 rooms full of roomers,
new furniture and fine carpets 7000
tiltt— 9 R.; now: elegantly furnished; rent $35;
Post Ft. KREDO & CO.. 809 Market St.. r. 32.
7 ROOMS, nicely furnished: rent JI7 BO: only
J2U>. KRE1X) & CO., Flood bldg., room 22.
3i ROOMS, cor.. $2GC0; SI rooms, only $1409.
! 60 rms., hotel. JBOOO: 23 rms.. bargain. $700.
\ KHEDO & CO, 809 .Market St.. room 22.
| 30 RMS., new, elegantly furnished boardlng-
I houpe, corner; clears $100 monthly; cost $3£00;
I bargain for $2200. KREDO & CO.. 609 Market.
i WINSTON iz WOLF. 1026 Market St. ~*
j ..Telephone Mint 1531
; 47 rooms; Al location; part cash $2700
1 CO rooms; north of Market 2700
1 "6 rooms; sunny comer 2100
| 81 rooms; worth I2M0:. reduced to 1300
; 10 rooms : corner (new): rent I£S 1800
I 1C RCOMP; JSM cash, balance $10 per mo!_;
; price $650. WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market.
! LODGING-HOUSE buyers, notice! I have
I largest list of lodging-houses and hotels; con
IFuit all buyers; employ 5 persons 'who are
dally adding new houses to list; title given
I with each house Eold; money loaned buyers;
I no fake prices; value given for your money;
i before buying call and be convinced.
G. XV. BCHWEINHARD.
Rooms 1-3. 917 Market et.. tel. Mint 131L
i A-^VE sell the earth and all things appurte-
; nant thereto. Do you want a
; Rooming- houss, best in city
i Restaurants at all prices
j Barber shop, 3 chairs, cheap
! And large Ust of others. DONALD INVEST-
' MEXT CO.. £50 Market Et.
j CO ROOMS: newly furnished: rent $150 $30<X)
17 rooms: money-maker; near Market.... 1900
; SOroome; Van Nesi-: finely furn. ; extra.. 850
I 15 rooms; L*»ave-~orth: rent $57 CO 900
* 10 rooms, J4£0: 10 rooms, quick i 850
I FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market St.
! CALL and see our list of bargains In hous»«;
J vre have them in any part of the city »nd »t
; nny price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 2S
'. Sixth st.
i ANDREW PRICE *: CO., SO Kearny st.. room
1 «— Big bargain list In of nee; money loaned;
i <-lear title; houses all full.
j ANDREW PRICE _ CO.. 30 Kearny St., rm. 6.
'' $700-17 ROOMS; cood furniture; rent $25:
j clears ilO month; must sell; no agents
i - .wanted. Box 1475, Call.
! $630—24 ROOMS: fine location, well furnished;
! all rented; low rent. BASILE, 3 Eddy Bt.
! LODGIjTfMIOUSE of 16 room\ nicely fur-
; nlshed. all full: cheap rent. Call 251 Third. |
SPIRITUALISM.
! MRS. DR. FARNHAM, world -renowned'" spirit^
: ual medium: advice in all affairs of life, law-
j suits, divorces, deaths: unites the separated;
j mlnine a specialty: clrs. Sun.. Wed., KrI. «•'».
| Come and be convinced. Permanently located,
i 613 Eddy ft.. b*>t. Hyde and Larkin; no sign.
C. V. MILLER, materializing trumpet seance*
8 p.m.. £0c. 10S4 Dush St.. near Leavenworth.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: best tests
10c; prophetic readings COc. $1. 143 Sixth st.
MRS. DUNHAM. 14 McAllister St.. room S3;
circles to-day. 2 and 8 p. m. ; Fittings dally.
i C. Mayo-Steers, 112>/4 Oak st., trance medium;
j readings $1; hours 1-5 p. m.; tel. Howard 527.
MRS. LESTER-Readlngs, 50c; circle every eve.
ex. Bat.. lOo: deveL circle Wed. eve. 222 Turk.
MRS. GIIJJXGHAM-Hou-. 9 to 4: meetings
Tues.. Thur.,Sun. ; devel. Fri. eve. S03 Larkin.
EAR.L.E. 205 Taylor st.. corner Ellis-Sittings
I dally: seance Sunday. Tuesdav and Thursday.
MRS. 'WEST, wonderful medium and healer:
readings dally. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEV. trance, bus. mediumT
life reader, med. clairvoyant. 1164 O'Farrell.
! MME. MAJORS. gifted spiritual medium.
healer and card reader. ; 14S Eddy et.
1 FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
! Mey,/; sittings dally; tests to all to-night: 10c.
. ' CLAIRVOTAXTS. .
—ME. M. BERNARD. i
THE FAMOU8 ' ,- <i
Clairvoyant and liuslness Medium,
Is permanently located at 17 Third. St., next
Examiner building. She reads your life cor-
rectly, gives an accurate description of the
past, reveals the present happenings and por-
irays events to occur In the future. If you
are In trouble, discontented, unhappy or not
satisfied in life, or have domestic, love or busl-
l ness trouble*, consult this great medium and
you will be told bow to overcome them.
Valuable advice In all affairs of life.
Full life reading by mall; write for informa-
tlon; 2&c up; perfect satisfaction .guaranteed.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; _> years' experience; her knowledge of the
unseen forces Is Invaluable to professional
ar.d business men, to wives and lovers; follow
her advice and you will make no mistake.
HH^Market rt.. corner Mason, room 28. .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
; diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
| gents Si: palm, and clalr. sit. SI 60. 126 Turk.
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader;
free tests 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor. Sixth.
MME. HANSON, palmlftry. card reader: paet,
I. present, future; 25c. 145 Sixth at., room 14..-
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.SAN JOSE, JanI 31.— A general" advance
in . the prices of wines | has been made by
the local dealers. Sweet wines have gt>ne
up from 9 to 12 cents per > ; gallon and
clarets and white wines have advanced 5
to 8 cents per gallon. ' The wholesalers say,
the sole cause of the advance is the rav
ages of phylloxera, which has made such
inroads : on • the ¦ vineyards of .this valley.
It is Baid that nearly -75 per cent of the
old vines have , succumbed. The drought
of the past few years has spread the phyl
loxera : in this valley, i and if is estimated
the product, which has been as high as
6,000,000 gallons, has dropped to 1,000,000.
Price of Wines Advanced.
The programme will include all the cus
tomary Grand Army ceremonies, to
gether with daily sessions of the depart
ment delegates (Department of California
and Nevada), the formal reception to
President McKinley. a grand spectacular
parade and patriotic exercises in .his
honor and other • specially prepared and
elaborate features. It Is the intention
of the committee arid the citizens gener
ally-to make the celebration the most
notable of its kind ever held on the Pa
cific Coast. •
PACIFIC GROVE, Jan. 31.— Active
preparations are now fully under way for
the great Grand Army of the^Republic
celebration at this place In May next.
A 'meeting of the executive committee
having the celebrationjn charge was held
in the office of Chairman Eardly last
night and a great deal of business rela
tive to the financial side of affairs was
transacted. It Ja understood that the
Monterey County Board of Supervisors
will makoan appropriation toward meet
ing the. heavy expense. • .
Owing to the fact that President Mc-
Kinley, who is to be present, has as yet
been unable to definitely fix the dates for
his visit to the Pacific. Coast, the dates
for the ftceleb ration here can only be set
tled approximately, but it is believed It
¦will take place the last week in May or
the first week in June.
at Pacific Grove.
Preparations Are Well Under Way
VETERANS' ENCAMPMENT.
GRAND HOTEL.
E B Moore, Portland
T Frantz, Crescent Cy
A W Engley, Cal
C N Field, Cal
J Smith, Napa
F Lynch, Los Angeles
A A W Ely, Pasadena
N J Cortle & w. Cal'
H A Jastro, Bakersfld
O C Combs & w, Cal
F T Crowe, Tacoma
C W Cooke. Tacoma
F W Swasey, Redding
C E Bennett. Fresno
© L. Alberts. Ore
A E Wadhams & w,
Paso Robles
A Ewen, Paso Robles
Miss Ewen, Paso Rob
A J Heneka. Butte
J Grady & w", Boston
G D Marone, Agnew
D Casper few, Cal
Mrs C E Hodges, Cal'
C Greene, Butte |
C J Culbertson, Idaho
LA Legg, San Jose |
T A Graham, San Jose;
T B Russell & w. Cal;
T H Mitchell, Cal i
J MeClosky. IT S N
G Wldell & w. III
A Derner. Orovllle ¦ J
Mrs Shedd & daugh,
San Jose
G A Douglass, Minn
C AV Itodgers, Los An g
H . L Marsh, Denver
R P C Smith, Los Ang
T.H Nixon, Los Ang
T Devlin, Pa
K M Walsh. Pa
Mrs J II Sea ton, Cal
C Thomas, Cal
W R Johnson 4 w,
Seattle
J F Willis, Bureka .
J B "Warden, S Barba
E KullaiHon, S Barbra
Mrs A Youngsworth,
Los Angeles
H Hildreth. Sn Dlegd
W • C ¦ Hodfyes. Eureka
A Lout her. Eureka
J II Topley. Vallejo
Mrs F W Hughes. Ill
Miss M Ward, 111
E K Smaj-t. Grass Val
Mrs C R Williams,
Salt Lake ¦
E I Galvlrt, Sacto
J O'Brien. Denver
A Shires &.w. S Diego
W O Meyers & w.Ai-iz
X D Allen, Kansas Cy
PALACE HOTEL.
W O Henshaw.Oaklnd
J J Castle, Emeryville
C E Welly. Ohio
W M Meek. Denver
H Feltman.^N Y-
C W Bauman, N r
H.M Johnson & w.NY
Miss Johnson, N Y
M R Mayer. NY /
M Untermeyer, N ¦ Y __
Miss Untermyer, - N i
Miss B Lowensteln.NI
Mrs H E -Wood. Victor
S Wenhelmer., Mo
H F Hall &w. Mo
F W Bartlett & w. Mo
W H Parsons, Chicago
B Becker,-. Germany
M S Bartlett, Alameda
AW Kelly. Berkeley
G P Hodgmann. N Y
M J Carney & w. Ill
C H Stockton, U S"A |
W S Bralnard & w, O
W J O" Meara. Boston
E J Lawton, Los Ang
C W Thompson & w.
Los 'Angeles
H H Goldsmidt. Los A
W H Sears, N Y
Mrs E R Vail, Cal ,
The , Misses Taylor.Cal
F R Weber & vr. Iowa
f E Hartwell. Detroit
W H Hunt. Cleveland
W Clute, N Y
J R R Rodgersv Texas
H G Granger. USA
O W Meysenberg, Cal
W A Sherman & w
Bollnas
F Mltzger, NT -
W A Steele .Seattle .
L ¦ L Baker, Ross
Mrs F M Stone, Cal
A. C Day Los Angeles
J W Piper, San Jose
S R Wing & w. Ill
C W Roane, Mass
L C Phipps & w. Pa
MIm-K M Wllllams,Pa
Miss N Darbyahire.Pa
M 1) Cook & w; Colo
J Gobel, Los Angeles '
J L Houston, Mo
M Haralamb. ' Cal "
R Sprado, Chicago .
F H Winston & w. Ill
C A Hughes & w.Wsh
C JMllman. Mont . - -
F H Mason, Sj»okane
E . L Foucar, • Denver
A J Belrsdorf, Chicago
BN White & w.Wash
A - C Lovekin » & » w>
Honolulu
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Sudennan and Margaret Paduverl to Margaret,
Frenk and Edward Ke'.ly. lot on S line of Pine
street, 125 E of Frankl'n. E 25 by S 60; *45CO.
Amelia Klrkpatrick (by B. P. Oliver, com
missioner) to Hlbernla Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on E line of Broderlck ttreet, 152:9
N of Clay. N 25 by E 110; $3775.
Joseph B. and Mnry K. Peeley to Thomas
W. and Sarah E. Taylor, lot on N line of
Geary etreet, 88 E of Lyon, B 24:6 by N 80;
11000.
Calvin E. and Janet Knickerbocker to Owen
McArdle. lot on E line of Cole Btreet, 100 S
of Oak. S 25 by E 106. S; J11.000.
Charles S. Capp (by M. F. Vandall, com
missioner) to German Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on \V line of Guerrero street, 45 N
of Fourteenth, N 44:10, W 66, S to a point B
to beginning: Rlso lot on NE corner of Twenty
sixth and York streets. N 93, E 100, S 75 SW
to Twenty-sixth street. W 69:3; also lot com
mencing on dividing line between Preclta Val
ley lots 110 and 111. distant 120 N of California
avenue, N 124. E SO, S 123, W 80 to Precita Val
ley lot 111; j:.C!)8.
Peter J. and Mary LouRhMn. San Francisco
Paving Company, Union Paving and Contract
ing Company (by H. M. Covert, commissioner)
to Louisa Oestlng (wife of Paul Oestlng). lot
on N line of Twenty-first street, 60 W of Har
rison, W 25 by N 100; $3135.
Earah A. and Andrew Downey to O. Mlglla
vacca. lot on NW line of Minna itreet, 336
NE of Third, NE 15 by NW 80; J8000.
Henry E. and Jennie W. Bothln to same, lot
on " NW corner of Minna street, 444 NE of
Third. SW 23 by NW 80; fSOOO.
II. M. and Mary E. Tice' to J. W. McDonald,
lot on E line of Alabama street, 116 8 of Fif
teenth (El Dorado), S 25 by E 100; $10.
James L. and Lulu B. Wilson to American
Burety Company of New York, lot on N line
of California street, 82.6 E of Twenty-fourth
avenue, E 25 by N ICO; $2000.
IVillard V. and Marie L. Huntlngton to
Alice Dunne, lot on E line of Sixteenth avenue
275 N of B street, N 25 by E 127:6; *500.
Same to P. J. Dunne, lot on E line of Six
teenth avenue, 223 N of B street; N 50 by E
127:6; $1000.
Julia J. Schwartz to Henry J. Olsen. lot on
E line of Forty-eighth avenue, 175 S of J
street, S 25 by E 120; $500.
Amelia. V, Moore to Lambert H. Werson, . lot
7, block 1203, Felton Tract Homestead (W line
of Thirty-second avenue, 150 S of U- street S
25 by W 120): to. •
Robert C. Leu to Clara M. Leu, lot on S line
of Farallones street, liSO E of Plymouth,. E
50 by S 12b; also lot on S line of Fcrallones
street, 700 E of Plymouth. E 25 by S 123, block
K, Railroad Homestead; $500.
Buildtrs' Contracts.
Mercantile Trust Company cf Saa Francisco
(owners), with O. A. Craemer : (contractor),
architect! C. A. Meus3dorffer — All work except
plumbing, painting:, mantels, gas fixtures,
shades and electrical ¦ work ' for a three-story
basement 1 and attic frame structure on the SW
corner of California and Leavenworth streets.
W 20 by S 67:6: total, tH)00. .
J. K. Fraser (owner), with Ira W. Coburn
(contractor), architect William Koen!?— All
work except painting, mantels, shades, tiling,
marble work and gas fixtures ror a frame
building of three flats aud basement on W line
of'Bhrader street. 30 8 of Waller, W 106:3, S
30. E 108:3. N 30; total. $5710. •
Martland Law (ownci ), with Walker Bros.
Company (corporation), contractors, architect
Albert Sutton— All work except electric wiring,
elevators, plumbing, sewering, cast
iron and steel work, but including the setting
of steel work for a fix-story and basement
brick building on W corner of Mission. and
Annie streets, NW 120, SW S2:BH, NE Kft."
BW 23:6Vi. HB 119, 8E 66, to beginning; total,
J32.7S0. . ...
James. William J. and Lizzie Getty. Lillie
KEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Building Adjoining That of Hip Sing
• Tong 1 at San. Jose X>e-
SAN JOSE, Jan. 31.— An attempt 'was
made to blow up and burn the clubhouse
of the Kip Sing Tong on Taylor street,
between Fourth and Fifth, this morning.
A loud explosion preceded the blaze,
v/hlch was set in a wooden building ad-
Joining, and when the firemen arrived on
the f=cene thev found the Hip Sing fra
ternity guarding their house with rifles
and revolvers. At first tho Chinese tried
to' stop the firemen from entering the
building to extinguish the flames, but
when shown badges they gave way. The
Celestials believed a faction with which
they are waring had set the. fire and In
tended to roast them alive or shoot them
as they emerged from the building. The
building destroyed was owned by Z. Spl
nola, whose loss will be $500. A wine
dealer, A. Massina, who occupied tho
place, loses about $1000. The Chinese club
house was but slightly damaged.
ATTEMPT TO DESTROY -
CHINESE CLT7BHOTTSE
A host of other amendments were ruled
out. After completing fourteen of the
twenty-four pages of the bill the House
at 5:20 p. m. adjourned. .
Lentz of Ohio offered a series of amend
ments for the graduation of the salaries
of clerks In charge of stations and sub
stations. They were defeated.
The fortifications bill was passed and
the postofflce appropriation bill taken up.
Loud explained the measure, which lie.
said .carried S122,7S2,G«8, being $1,515,333
more than the estimates and f9.124.150
more than the appropriation for the cur
rent year. By amendment the appropria
tion for salaries of postmasters was In
creased from $19,000,000 to $20,000,000. j
Lanham was loudly applauded and con
gratulated by the Democrats when he con
cluded.
The talk of shelving Mr. Bryan, he said,
was premature. He had fallen with his
back to the field and his face to the foe.
He was a splendid American citizen and
a Democrat. It was improbable that he
would ever again aspire to the nomina
tion, but it was too early to discuss the
candidates of the future. The party had
split upon the silver question. Lanham
pointed out that no matter how firm the
silver Democrats stood to their faith, .un
der present conditions the hope of bimet
allism would be long delayed. If it should
turn out that the silver question should
not be a dlstutblng question in the next
convention, what obstacle was there to a
complete reunion? If those who had de
parted should not to absorb, but
to reassociate themselves -with Democ
racy, said Lanham, why should they not
be received? But they must come pro
pared to subscribe to the cardinal doc
trine of the party— acquiesce in the will
of the majority.
Lanham was given a very attentive
hearing by his political colleagues. He
reviewed the lines of cleavage within the
party with a view to ascertaining wheth
er there was not a common ground upon
which the various elements in the party
could be reunited for a future purpose. He
offered his suggestions, he paid. In a pa
ciflc spirit, to ascertain whether the gulf
between the elements was impassable.
The gold Democrats, he said, who bore
none of the scars of battle, now, with
unbridled audacity, did not propose to re
turn like the prodigal son in humility, but
came demanding as a condition of their
return that they should head the proces
sion. They offered very freely their'un
solicited service. The talk of the reor
ganization of the Democratic party, he
said, was puerile and unkind. The talk of
changing the name of the party was dis
tasteful to the rank and file. The Demo
cratic party had suffered defeat many
times, but It would survive so long as
free institutions did.
Many amendments were offered to the
postoffice appropriation bill in the interest
of various items of postofflce employes,
but they all went down before points of
order raised by Loud, the chairman of
the Postoflice Committee, who was in
charge of the bill.
"WASHINGTON", Jan. 31.— The House to
day passed the fortifications appropriation
bill and made fair progress
with the postoffice appropriation
bill. .-During the general debate upon the
former bill Lanham of Texas delivered a
notable speech upon the future of the
Democratic party, in which he made a
strong plea for the necessity of a united
Democracy and counseled the burial of
thf hatchet and the welcoming back of
those who in the last two Presidential
campaigns have declined to support the
nominees of the party.
The existing laws relating to the tax on
bills of exchange is amended so as to
read as follows:
Bills of exchange (foreign) or letters of credit
(including ordera by telegraph or otherwise
fof the payment of money, issued by express
or other companies, or any person or persons)
drawn in but payable out. of the United States
if drawn singly or otherwise than: a jet of
three or more, according to the oustom of
merchants and bankers, shall pay for a sum
not exceeding 1 $100 two cents, and for. each $100
or fractional part thereof in excess of $100
two cents;- if drawn in sets of two or more,
for every bill of each set, where th« sum
made payable shall- not exceed $100 or the
equivalent thereof, In any foreign currency
<n which said bill may i>e expressed accord-
Ing to the standard of value fixed by the
United States, one cent; and for each $100 or
fractional part thereof In excess of 1100, on«
cent.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— The Senate
Committee oft r Finance to-day reported a
number o,f amendments to the war rev
enue reduction act. The following Is a
new section: \ '.
Stock transactions: Section 1. That from
and after the passage of tht%aet every person,
association, copartnership or corporation who
or which shall in his. its cr .their own behalf,
or as agent, engage In the business of making
or offering; to make contracts, trades, agree
ments or transactions respecting the purchase
or sale of grain, provisions, raw or unmanu
factured, stocks, bonds or other securities
wherein botli parties thereto or such person.
association, copartnership or corporation above
named, contemplate or Intend that such con
tracts, agreements, trades or transactions shall
be or may be cloeed, adjusted or sold accord
ins, or with reference to the public market
quotations of prices made on any board of
trade or exchange upon which the commodi*
ties or securities referred to in said contracts,
agreements, trades or transactions are dealt in,
and without a bona fide transaction on such
board of trade or exchange, or wherein both
parties or such person, association, copartner
ship or corooratlon above named, shall con
template or intend that such contracts, agree
ments, trades or transactions shall be or may
be deemed closed or terminated when the pub
lic market quotations of prices made on such
board, of trade or exchange for the articles as
securities named In such contracts, agree
ments, trades or transactions shall reach a
certain figure, and every person, association,
copartnership and corporation who or which
shall in his or Its own behalf or as agent
conduct what Is commonly known as a bucket
shop, shall pay a stamp tax of one cent on
«ach $100 in value of the merchandise covere.l
or pretended to be covered, and also a tax of
two cents on each $100 on the face value of an
stocks. bcnd3 or other securities covered or
pretended to be covered by each and all of
such contracts, agreements, trades or trans
actions: Provided, however, that the Pay
ment of any tax imposed by this section sna.l
riot be held or construed to exempt any such
person, association, copartnership or corpora
tion from any penalty or punishment provided
by the laws of any State for carrying on such
business or the making of such contracts,
agreements, trades or transactions within such
State, or in any manner to authorize the com
mencement or continuance of such business or
the making of any such contracts, agreements
trades or transactions contrary to the laws or
such State, or in any place prohibited by muni
cipal law; nor shall 'the payment of any such
tax be held to prohibit any State from placing
a duty or tax on the same trade cr business for
State' or other purposes, and every such per
son, association, copartnership or corporation
as aforesaid shall pay an annual special tax
of *oO, and for each branch office wherever es
tablished an annual special tax In addlti.>n of
J5O which said tax shall be paid within thirty
days after the passage of this act by VL eTy
person, association, copartnership or corpora
tion now encased in such business, and from
and after the passage of the act by every such
person, association, copartnership or corpora
tion proposing to engage in the business afore
said before commencing such business.
Provision is made compelling all per
sons or associations doing business under
this section to file a notice under oath
with a collector.»givlng the names or per
sons or members and officers of the cor
poration, their residence and place where
the business is carried on. Books must
be kept by such firms showing all trans
actions, subject to Inspection by collec
tors.. Penalties are provided, making It
a misdemeanor if any of the. provisions of
the act are not carried out. tines of JoOO
to SICOo and imprisonment of three months
to two years belns the penalty.
A rebate, provision relating to tobacco
is added a* follows;
That on all original and unbroken factory
packages of smoking and manufactured to
bacco and snuff, and cigars held by manufac
turers or dealers at the time such discount
or reduction of tax shall go Into effect upon
which the tax has been paid/ there shall b«
allowed a drawback or rebate of the full
amount of such discount or. reduction of tax.
but the tame shall not apply in any case
where the claim has not been presented with
in sixty days following the date of the reduc
tion: and such rebate to manufacturers may
be paid in stamps at the reduced rates and
no claims shall be allowed or drawback paid
for a less amount than $10. It shall b« the
duty of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
with • the approval of the Sacretary of • the
Treasury, to adopt such rules and regulations
and to prescribe and furnish such blanks and
forma as may be necessary to carry this sec
tion Into effect.
Another new section is added as fol
lows:
That from and after the passage of this
act the Secretary of the Treasury Is au
thorized to appoint a competent person, whose
duty it ."hall be to conduct such investigation
as may be necessary to the efficient enforce
ment of the tax Imposed upon legacies and
distributive shares of personal property by
section- 29 of said act. approved June 13. 1S93.
and he may also appoint such additional clerks
or agents as may be necessary for the collec
tion of said taxes.
Existing Laws Relating to the Tax
on Bills of Exchange Are
Amended in Certain Par
- ticulars.
Keduction Bill.
STOCKBROKERS
TO BE TAXED
Senate Finance Committee
Ac's on the War Revenue
With the Postoffice
. Measure.
: — ¦ — , ;
Jlouse Makes Good Progress
FORTIFICATION
BILL IS PASSED
WASHINGTON, Jan. 31.— After an
eventful legislative experience, beginning
with the present session of Congress and
covering about two months, the bill for
the reorganization of the United States
army to-day passed its last stage in Con
gress and now goes to the President for
his signature.
The final step was .taken in the SenateV
where, by a vote of 33 to 25, the confer
ence report of the bill was agreed to.
The House of Representatives already
hdd agreed to the report.
The conference report was kept before
the Senate constantly to-day, even the
shipping . bill - giving way. Opposition to
the bill continued to' be vigorously ex
pressed, Teller • making an extended
speech. in criticism of the War Depart
ment and of the measure in general. An
opposition developed on the Republican
side of the report, based- on the alleged
freedom which the conferees had taken
in introducing new provisions. On the
final vote several Republican Senators
voted with the Democrats against the
bill. . "
The shipping- bill was discussed during
the latter part of the day, and some pro
gress was* made on amendments. A
speech by Rawllns of Utah against the
bill was In progress at the close of the
day. Chandler - announced that a night
session would be moved to-morrow to ad
vance the bill to its final stages.
Chandler Announces That He. Will
Move Night Sessions Here
after to Advance the Ship
Subsidy Bill; ¦•
Measure Passes Both Houses
and Is Ready, for the
KPaoinfirii
i I colUoiit.
NEW ARMY BILL
FINALLY ADOPTED
The administrative council consists of
the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the
Netherlands and the diplomatic represent
atives at The Hague of the ratifying
powers. Secretary General R. Melvill,
Baron Van Leyden, Judge of the District
Court of Utrecht, and a member of the
First Chamber ot the States General.
j. J. Rochussen, First Secretary of the Court;
Jonkheer W. Roell, Eecond Secretary of the
Court.
United States— Mr. Benjamin Harrison, ex-
President of the United States; Mr. Melville
"W. Fuller. Chief Justice of the United States;
Mr. John W. Grlggs. Attorney General' of the
United States;. Mr. George Gray, United States
Circuit Court. .'
Sweden and Norway— Mr. S. R. D. K. d'Ollve
crona, member of the International Law Insti
tute, ex-associate justice of the Supreme Court
of the Kingdom of Sweden- doctor of laws and
letters, at Stockholm: Mr. G. Gram, ex-Minister
of State of Norway, Governor of the pro
vince of Hamar, Norway.'
Spain— His Excellency the Duke of Tetuan,
ex-Mlnlster of Foreign Affairs, Senator of the
Kingdom. Grandee of Spain; Mr. - Rlenvenldo
Oliver, director general of the Minister of
Justice, ex-delegate of Spain to the conference
on private International law at The Hague; Dr.
Manuel Torres Campos, professor of interna
tional law at the University of Granada, asso
ciate member of the Institute of International
Law. ¦
Russia— Mr. N. V. Mouravieff, Minister of
Justice, active privy councilor. Secretary of
State of his Majesty the Emperor; Mr. C. P.
PobendonBtzeff. Attorney General of the Most
Holy Synod, active privy councilor. Secretary
of State of his Majesty the Emperor; Mr. E. V.
Frlsch, president of the Department of Legisla
tion of the Imperial Council, active privy coun
cilor. Secretary of State of his Majesty the
Emperor: Mr. de Martens, privy councilor, per
manent member of the Council of the Minister
of Foreign Affairs.
Roumania — Mr. Theodore Rosettl, Senator, «
president of, the High Court of Cassation and
Justice; Mr. Jean Kallndero, administrator of
the crown domain, ex-judge of the?' High Court
of Cassation and Justice; Mr. Eugene Stntsco,
ex-president of the Senate. ex-Mlnlster of Jus
tice and Foreign Affairs; Mr. Jean N. L«ahovari.
Deputy. ex-Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary, ex-Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Netherlands— Mr. T. M. C. Asser. LL. D..
member of the Council of State, ex-professor
of the University of Amsterdam; Mr. F. B.
Conlnck Llefsting:. LL. D., president of the
Court of Cassation; Jonkheer A. F. de Sav
ornln Lohman, LLw I>. . ex-Mlnlster of the In
terior, ex-professor of the Free University of
Amsterdam, member of the Lower House of
the States-General; Jonkheer G. L. M. H. Ruls
de Beerenbrouck, ex-Mlnlster of Justice, Com
missioner of the Queen in the province of
Limbourtr. -._--» . ¦ -- -
Portugal— Ccunt de Maceflo, peer of the realm,
ex-Mlnlster of Marine and Colonies; Envoy Ex
traordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary at
Madrid.
Japan— Mr. I. Motono, Envoy Extraordinary
and Minister Plenipotentiary at Brussels; Mr.
H. Wlllard Denl?on, law officer of the Minister
for Forelpn Affairs at Toklo.
Italy — His Excellency Count Constantin
Nigra, Senator of the Kingdom, Embaseador at
Vienna; his Excellency Commander Jean Bap
tlste Pagano Guarnaschelli, Senator - of the
Kingdom, first president of the Court of Cassa
tion at Rome;, his Excellency Count Tornielli
Brusati di Vergano. Senator of the Kingdom,
Embassador at Paris; Commander Joseph Za
nardclll. attorney at law. Deputy to the Na-
Great BritaJn — His Excellency the Right Hon.
Lord Pauncefote of Preston, G. C. B., G. C.
M. G., privy councilor, Kmbaesador at Wash
ington; the Right Hon. Sir Edward Baldwin
Malet, ex-Embassador; the Right Hon. Sir
Edward Fry. member of the privy council.
Q, C. ; Professor John Westlalce, LL. D., Q. C.
Germany — His Excellency Mr. Blngner, LL.
D., privy councilor, Senator, president of the
Imperial High Court at Lelpslc; Mr. von Frant
zlus, privy councilor, solicitor of the Depart
ment of Foreign Affairs at Berlin; Mr. von
Mitrtltz. LL, L>., Associate Justice of the Su
perior Court of Administrative Justice in Prus
sia, professor of law at the Berlin University;
Mr. von Bar, LL. D., judicial privy councilor,
professor of law at the Gottlngen University.
France— M. Leon Bourgeois, Deputy, ex
president of the Cabinet Council, ex-Minister
of Foreign Affairs; M. de la Boulaye, cx-
Embaesador; Baron Destournelles de Von?tant,
Minister Plenipotentiary, Deputy; M. Louis
Renault, Minister Plenipotentiary, professor in
the Faculty of Law at Paris, law office of tha
Department of Foreign Affairs. /
sDenmark — Professor H. Matsen. LI*. D., pro
fessor of the Copenhagen University. Counselor
Extraordinary of the Supreme Court, president
of the Landsthing.
Belgium— Hi3 Excellency Mr. Bernaert, Min
ister of State, member of the Chamber of Rep
resentatives, etc.; his Excellency Baron.Lam
beront, Minister of State, Secretary General of
the Minister of Foreign Affairs; the Chevalier
Descampe, Senator; M. Rotln Jacquemlns, ex-
Mlnlster of the Interior.
Austria-Hungary — His Excellency Count
Frederic Schonborn. til*. D., president of the
Imperial Royal Court of Administrative Justice,
former Austrian Minister of Justice, member of
the House of Lords of the Austrian Parliament,
etc.; his Excellency Mr. de SzLacyi, ex-Mlmster
of Justice, member of the House of Deputies
of the Hungarian Parliament; Count Albert
Apponyl, member of the Chamber of Magnates
and of the Chamber of Deputies of the Hun
garian Parliament, etc.; Mr. Henri Lammasch,
LL. !•.. member of the Heuse of Lords of the
Austrian Parliament, etc.
The omcial roster is as follows
WASHINGTON. Jan. 31.— The perma
nent court of. arbitration provided for by
the convention signed at The Hague on
July 29, 1S99, is now ready to consider any
International dispute that may be pre
sented. Easily the highest tribunal in the
•world, with the most numerous and emi
nent bench of any court ever projected,
thiB single fruition of the. Czar's peace
conference has just been completely or
ganized for business and the State De
partment has officially issued the roster
of its membership. Including its secre
taries. Fifteen nations, embracing all the
maritime powers, have appointed their
members, and only a few countries, com
paratively insigniilcant as international
ractors, are unrepresented. These are
Bulgaria, Montenegro, Persia, Siam and
Switzerland.
All but Five Countries Have Repre
sentatives and the Official
Roster of the Membership
Is Made Public.
Court of Arbitration Is Now
Organized and Ready
« TTT 1
HIGHEST TRIBUNAL
OF THE WORLD
THE SAN FRA-NOISCO CALL, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1901.
11
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEARVir XT. Established
In IS34 for the treatment of Private
Diit-nsen. Vn*l Man boot]. Debility or
1i»«-3s» wearincon body and mlmt an<t
Skin Disc-lies. The Doctor enrerw hen
others fall. Try him. ¦ Charge* low.
Currieaaranlffd. Call or writ*.
»r. J. F. (JIRRON. h»a Fnucljeo, C<
Fare, Ban Francisco to Summit and return.
n 40. -
NEW TAVERJT OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket office*.' «! Market it.. Sausallto Ferry.
Leaves Sao Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS... .9:15 a. m.; 1:45 and 4:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS 1:00. 10:00. 11:30 aad 1:15 p. m.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA. KJEAL ESTATE./ *v
jiCT— COyriXTE r.cw cottage of 5 rooms, to
orier; lot I'xlZZ; between the R. ii.; one or.ly
at this irice. J. II. YOUNG, Pullder, 1243
Park ft.
J -,00-TO c'.cse an -estate; r.r.e building <^rner
Jot. <?x:00; bet. railroads: S blocks Hlph
Fchcol; street work complete; bargain. See
cTTor. A. G. BURNS. X5C1 Park Et.. Alameda.
RERRELEr ADVERTISEMENTS
SCRKELEY tlEAL ESTATE. .
•cirvr. 6-rooin, two-story, basemer.t. tsth; -all
modem: electric fixturej.; tinted walls- street-
work all done: right at It. R. sutlcn; this is
a snap; must be sold at once; price only $1700.
on your own terms; why. pay rent when you
can buy a fire house Uke this and pay for
earn* us rent? Take Berkeley train pet off
Lcrin station. OELLEIUCH & PERKINS.
FOR SALE— 9-rootn ccttape r.^ar university.: a
tarpon. Apply FKRDIXAXD HOLTUM, L17
California cr 2C35 Steuart ft. S. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— HIS BROADWAY.
OAICLAAD FCRMTCRB FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to ycu froa EL Schellhaas. tha
furr.'.Turp <J»n>r. IlUl »tk1 Franklin. Oakland.
rooms ron norsEivEErisG.
BUSH. 1T0J— Furnished Cat of 4 rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; gas, b-th, coal stove.
ELLIS. c;i— Xicely furnished suite of 3 rooms,
housekeeping:, ?-2 60; also cne rpom, J10.
GOLDEN GATE ave... Ti'S— Nice, sunny house
keeping roorof; bath, esis stoves; reasonable.
LARKIN, 7C6— Sur.ny lurr.lshed frcnt T6om and
kitchen; rent $15.
illEPIOX. 6C3 — 2 front, eunry rooms fcr houee-
keeplng; tip r>er mouh.
UUTAVIA, :4CS, cor. Geary— Larpe, sunny bay-
window; also single room; with kitchen.
POLK. £22— Desirable unfurnitneil and fur-
r.islied rooms.
IX)WELL, SU»i— 3 or raore partly furnished
hcusekteplr.g rocass, $7 to Si2; also parlor.
EIXTH. U£ — Sunny rooms for li^ht housekeej*-
lng "
VAN* KESS. T06 — 3 r.lcely furr.. HBUqr rcora* j
for hcusekeer>irjr; all modern conveniences. |
CLAP SIFED a<5rert!F»ments and s-jbsrriptions {
received at Call branch office. "00 nilmore. I
A BRANCH effic* for Call a<Jverti«em»nt8 and
rubscript'.or.s hss been established at 10?6
Vaier.cla et.
ROO3IS TO LET— Fern, and Infnrn.
jaEBOnTHOTEL71irGli^Tve^Besr«ol^ |
a day family hotel !n city; polite attendance:
lar«re rower's; modern conveniences; rccms £0c
up; firEt-clf»s meais 2oc; free coacb.
A-BRUNS\TICK UoMFt. IK BIxth-Rooms ISc
to $1 per nlrht; Jl IS to $3 p«r week, and light
!. rusekeepir.p; cpen all right.
r.IT.XEIT. Hit Market <old Xo. 1264)— Fur-
nlshed rms., eultes, elnsle; also unfurnished.
ht'FH, t» (The Elk>— Changed hands: nicely
fura. eurny rrr.s., einirle. en suite, newly r»no-
vatcd; all con\-en. JC M. Ramsey, prop.
ELEVENTH. furnished roora.
vlth bath; very reasonable.
FOURTH. 14S — New furnished tonnjr rooms,
"from 10 up to fl2 per naonth.
GEARY.405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
tOF, fultes or tingle; travelers accommodated.
COtTOH. inc— A lanre nicely furnished front
r>^?c. m-ith hct and cold water; very con-
vcalent for two srentlemen.
CRAKD EOL'THERN. southeast corner Beventh
6T.d Mission sts— Sunr.y rooms, en eulte or
gir.gle: ladles' parlor: reading-room: elevator.
IIOV.ARDf Sr, near Fifth— Newly furnished
reany rm?.; gas grate; IS up; prlv. family.
L.^S r ALMAS, l^ft Market eX— Suite of 2 or J
ra?: r'ivate: bath: sin. mi!: board optionaL
I.T'-aLI>I5TKR. Iflll Hlllllli email front room;
rurni^hea or unfurr.lfhed; use parlor; piano.
KEW ARLINGTON. 10:S Market et.— Nicely !
furniehed r.'XDn-.!". £2 a »eek up; 33c a day up I
tCEtTLT furnished rooms, with a etrictly prl- '
vote family; cectl.«men only; g&s. watpr,
7hT»: nT.r Citr Uall, on Van Ness ave.
Cox J307, Call effice.
. _ ..#_
OfARRTJU^. ro — Funny furnished rooms «nd ¦
ofOc*«; elevator; elec. Uphts; day, wk., ma I
rrmilT. 174-A nic« large room, suitable forJ
: ¦ : rf«5criiible. j
I ¦ VAI, Hnu?-. IX Ellis— In can descent Jieht:
rra>iinp-ro<jm. ncokinp-rtwra arid ladies' par-
'.rr: roorr:*. per r.lcht. The to $1 &0; week. J2 to
! 5 : niir.th. J» to 130; elevator on ground Cocr; j
-rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
1:<-<>T.;^.1.TZ vTnuii. 319-3TJ Ellis ft.— Rooms. !
rJcht, S3c to Jl; wr^k. $i ;5 to Jl; cpen nlpfct. j
EHEEMAN Apartment~House, 2S Eighth M., i
rear Marker— FumUhed or unfurnished. ;
R'TTKR. SSf'i; — Cbanjred hands: rewly reno- j
vate>i: pirple mor-r.r. %%; FUites. J12 to KZ> mo..
f-i'TTKR. TIT— Very fhojee room. Including
bath. r>car.t houFe. JS.
TATIX5R. e\\ QCf rwood » — Rooms en suite and
?;nj;io: rbone; and a>\a water; sunny.
TAT&OR. IIU, rear Jacksor.— Three nicely fur-
r.:sh»4 nxatf r-vitrs and bath, with good view
r.f the Lav; 19 minutes' walk from business-
etntgr; to eentlfm^n or.ly; rel. required.'
Tl"RK. M3 — Cl^an, «julet, Flnp'.e room for fren-
t'f^-.an; private family; 14 50 per month:
XmJHkU. JJ. oft OTarrell. near Jones— Nice,
furniFi.ed front room; pas; Lath.
CLASPIFED aflvertisemeiits and FUb?"tipt!ons I
r»re!ve<l at Call branch office. 2100 Fillmore. j
A ERANCH c'See for Call advertlsementB an-J \
pubscrtptions has been established at 10^6
Va>r,ria rt.
nOOMS A\D BOARD.
AT th* old Stevenson macslon. opp. Grace
Church, with annejc K>7 Cailfornia Btj. may
toe four.d a. ir.cst exceptionally «rood table, at-
tractive ana rightly rooms at moflest rates.
ELEOANTLT & r.ewly furnlshpd sunny apart- '
ments with cr without board; cuisine ur.ex-
<-«>lJ«-d. 110SV* Broaflirar; cor. l!th ft.. Oak-
land. . tn^ floor; MRS. M. C. ROBIXSOK. f^rop.
COLTJEN OATK ave.. 1204— Sunny »ul»e rar-
Icrs: alcove room; with cr without boart.
ROOMS and board; prizes reasonable.- 413
F1r*t ct.
ROOMS WASTED.
T^TO aSults wish two- eunny unfurnished
roomi for housek*«pln*. within 10 mlnutea'
•walk of New City Hall; references) ex-
rhasgefl. Box 1SC3, Call office.
EY mother er.d scr.. two eunry roomi for light
houseke«p!rir. Box 1S1L Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
K^.OOO TO loan on let mortgages; will loan en
fO per cert; easy payments: mutual plan.
-"=• Apply M. J.. Box 3476. Call ofHce. - v.
BAD tenarts ejected for $4: collections mac":
city nr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
<•¦? Mnntgr-Tnerr rt.. ro^ms 9-10: M. tSSO.
tEWKG MACniXES AXD SCPPLIES.
.ALL VIM? bourht. roll and repairing guaran-
treii. r- h Er ] f « P'.arr.Ijeck. 1?15 Mission, r.r. ISth.-
ALL, klnc? bou<r^t. sell, rented, exrharyred. re-
pairea: oppn even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th. ,
rOl.'GIfT, Bold.- renter!, r^palrefl; reedlen sn4
fht:til' > «: re^TT^i ra'»«. m Cth: phone M?nt ».
iTOBACB > AKD >VArtnMOtSEs;
riERCK-RODOLPH Etcrare and~Morlnp'co7'
cfCce, Pc*t and Powell *ts.: tel. Main 5711.
WILSON BROS.. «torair* and moving: covered
vuns. Tenth and Market: phone South 7C2.
I:F!KINS Van and Storaee Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
UL Sl7!n ?F4'»: fhlr-rlne at cut rates.
TELEPHOSE5.
TKLnPIJONES. house or private lines. J4 S» a
f>t: elfTrical wnrk Installed. ISM Pt. Lobo*.
TVPKWRITEnS AXD SLPPLIES.
GRKAIMRARGATrCSl IN TYPEWRITERS— We
re'l better mar-bines frr lets money than ar.y
hou«e Jn the city: rental*. SI The Typewriter
nx'harr*. rr.« Califnrr'a: t»lephcr.e Main ZZi.
DIVIDE.VD NOTICES.
DIVWB3SD Nonce^Califoreia Wine Asso^
elation.— Dividend No. K of eixty cents per
fehare has been declared, and Is payable on
ted after Monday. February 11. 19CL at th«
Union Trust Company of Ean Francisco, i
Stock books will clorc ca Tueiday,* February
t. 1SC1. at 3 o'clock p. m., up to which date
transfers' of rtock may be made at the Union
Trust Company. By order of the Board of
Director*.
HENIIT VAN* BERGEN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 11J <flfty
<-ent* per ehare) cf the Oceanic Eteamsnip
CtoaqpaaK will be payable at the office of
the company, S27 Market et.. oa and after
- rrliay. February 1. J9t'L Transfer bock* will
close on Saturday. January 26, 1ML at II
o'clock m. E. U. SHELDON. Secretary.
Via Sausallto F«rry.
. Commencing September SO. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN R.VFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-I:S5. *9:1B. 11:00 a. m., •!:«.
••15 4-00 5:15. •6:15. 6:40 p. m.
"EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafar I on Mondays. Wednesdays aad Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-«8:0C- *1O:00l *11:39 a. m.. •lju.
S-15 *4'45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San QuenUn. 3&«9
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-»:20. •«:»>, 7:45, 9:30 a. nT
•1^30 1:45. »i:V>. 4:30. 5:20 p^m. '
EXTUA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at «:4a and 10:20 p. m.
6UNDATS-6:20. »S:00. 'lO:*. Wl*' a. m.
•1:40. *2-M. 4:45. *s:30 p. m. , •
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCI3CO
WEEK DAYS-5:45. «:45, 7:55. »:30 . it a
12-35. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. rn. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m.,: 12:05, 2:li 1-3H.
6:00. 8:45 p. m. '¦¦.:'
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and" wav
sUUons. I . . . *
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and wav
stations. ,. ™ J
8:C0 a. m. Sundays— Tomales aad way
etations. '
RORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
CALIFORNIA N3P.THWS5TE8N RL COl
SAN FRANCISCO AND ffiBTfl PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Alcrlcet St. *
Sa:i Francisco t<> Sjxi Pnfnel.
TIEURON FEKRT-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WKEK DAYS— 7:30. >:C0. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35, 1.30,
5:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:34
p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50 aad
U:J0 p. m. " — , ¦
SUNDATS-8:00. >:30. 11:00 a. ra.; 1:30. J:30. 5:<A
«:20 p. m. .^
San Rains' tr> S.in Frnncincn.
WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:50". 3:20. 11:10 a. m.: 13:45,
3:40. 5:19 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
ar.d *:3J p. m.~
SL"NDAYS— S:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m,; 1:10. 1:40, 5:05,
C:t5 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetiea Park,
same schedule as above. .
Leave I In Effect I Arrltrs
San Francisco. 1 Not. 7. 1300. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- j We«ic
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days. »
1:30 am »:0O am Novato. 10:V) am 8:40 am
»:J0pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:05 pm 10:25 am
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Itosa. 7:35 pm «:a pra
Fulton. ¦ __
7:30 am Windsor, 10:23 asa
Healdaburc
Lytton.
/ Geyservtlle,
1:30 ptn »:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm I:C pm
* 1 30 ami I Hopland I I t
I 8:00 ami and Uklah. \ 7:» pm| «:28 P«|
7:10 am 10:25 am
8:00 am GnerasvUle. 7:33 pm
. |,;30 pro <:gpm
7:S0am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 am S:40am
and
1:10 pm B:CO pm Glen Elleq | C:OS pm «:» pm
7:30 am! *:00 ami 110:40 am|10:U am
J:20 pm| 5:00 pml Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| C:23 pm
Etases connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
EpriCKs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
tor Altrurla: at Lytton for Lyttcn Springs; at
Ceyservllle fcr Skagss Springs; at Cloverda!-»
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Bprtnsrs. Kelseyrtlle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; «.t Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blu« Lake*. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Epricgs. " Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llertey*s, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrtn H»ieh:.». Hullville. Orr's Hot Sprlnc;<i,
Slrndocir.o City. Fort Bragg. Wtstport. Usal.
Wllletts. Laytonville, Cummlngs. Bell's Spring*.
Harris. Olsena. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. '
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all potats
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket office. CO Market St., Chronic!* bully-
ing. R. X. RYAJJ.
H. C. WHITING. den. Pasa. A*t.
Gen. Manager. .
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lr. Pan Fran 7:20 a 5:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. J:JO p t:35 p 1:05 a
•• Hanford . 4:21 p 3:77 p 7:0« a
•• Vlfialia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:4! a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
•J Bksfleld . 6:50 p «:20 p 7:10 a
- " Kan. City »:41 a 7:S0a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for nomine, b for afternoon.
$-.00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carryinjr Palace Sleeping Cars and Dintnt
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car run*
to BakTBfleld for accommodation of local
fir*t class passengers. No second ela»s
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding tralp arrives at 5:55 n. m. dallv.
4:20 p. m.'ls Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace »nd Tourist Sle»rern and
free • Recllnlne Chair Car, also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out. at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at E:55 p. m. dally.
T-'O ». m. Is Eakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points lr:Snn Joaquln Valley. Or-
re«r*mdlnfr trnln arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Office*— CJ1 Market street and In Ferry
Dcpflt. San Francisco; 1118 Broadway. Oak-
i»nd.
LEGAL ADVEIITISE3IEXTS. '
STOCICHOLDERS and the public are hereby
notified that only such stock as has be«n
regularly transferred upon the books of the
corporation will be honored by the Stanley
Aerial Xavigatlon Company.
CIIAS. NEWMAN'. Secretary.
PllOI'OSALS.
i'ROPOSAuf ter"coVl^6fnce'cf^G«neraI^Sin
. i^erlntondent Army Transport Service. 6an
J'rancltco, Cal.. Vebruar>' I. 1*01: Sealed pro-
]>osals In trli)Hc^.te for furnishing and de-
llverii;B on l."a:d army transports at San
Francisco. California, thirty thousand tons,
more or less, average steam coal, will be re-
. coived at this office until 1! m.. February 15.
lMi, and then opened. Information furnished
on aci llcatian. Envelopes containing propo-
sals should be indorsed, "Proposals for
Coal." and addressed to OSCAR F. LONG,
General Sar^rlntendent.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The followlnc marriage licenses -were Issued
yesterday:
Angelo Een-cnt?. 25, TSS VaUejo Btreet, and
Julia Devlncenzi. :6, 6 Newell street.
John J. Eahrs. 55. 1S24 Hyde street, and Lena
M. Mattow. S5. 1S0O Hyde street.
Samuel M. Crow, t2. 118 Turk street, and
Esther Jacoby. 22. S33 Turk street.
John M. Burke. 36. 1O7V4 Cclllngwood street,
and Mary A. Sharkey. 23. US Duncan street.
Peter Hooklns Jr.. 23. £400 Fillmore etreet.
and Lmcj- Ti. Hayes, 53, 2C08 California etreet.
Walter M. Harai'.ton. 2S, JM^ Howard street,
and Jessie Williams. 2S. CSS Fourth street.
John L. Oliva. 22. 2117 Mason street, and
Ahrtesj. J. Finale. 21. 1117^ Mason street.
Vincent Klores, 40, 442 Green street, and
I Juar.a II iiavala. 26. 412 Green street,
i Hco For.?, 43. SU Clay Etreet. and Tow King:,
i 27. 811 Clay Ftrfft.
BIRTHS — MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
j B:rtu, rnarriase and death notices sent by
1 rna.il will not be inserted. They must be handed
I in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
! Eons authorized to have tha same published.
2OSJT.
I DinHL— In Oakland. Cal., January 21, 1901,
to t!.? wife of William O. Diehl. a daughter.
I GI'STAFSOX— In Oakland. Cal.. January IS.
i U0U to the wife of A. W. Gustafson. a
daurM«r.
KIRfKK-In th!s citr, to tha wife of George
W. Kirske, a daughter.
LUDOLPH— In this city. January 21, 1501, to
the wife of William Ludclph «.nee O'Xeill).
a sen.
ROBEi:TS— In this city. January 23, 1901, to
the wife ot Adam Roberts, a daughter.
ROL'NTKEE— In this city. January 17. 1S01. to
the wif» of James Rountree. a. daughter.
! ' ¦ ¦
MARRIED.
ETTHN'G— MORRIS— In this city. January 20.
! 1S01. by the Rev. M. S.' Levy. Louis Ettling
i and Xettle Morris, both of San Francisco.
HAMILTON— WILLIAMS— In this city, Janu-
ary 31. 19i>l. by the llev. Dr. John A. B.
V» ilson ; Walter Lee Hamilton and Jennie
Williams,, both of Fan Francisco.
LICHT-KIXG-In this city, January S7, 1901,
by the Rev. IX. S. Levy, Max E. Llcht and
Annie King-. Loth of Ban Francisco.
LIPMAN-LESSER-In this city, January 28.
lfOl. by the Rev. Jacob Xleto and the Rev.
M. S. 'Levy, Samuel M. Llnran and Irene
M. Lesser. ,
SELO— STERNBERG— In this city, January 20,
ISO. by the P.ey. M. B. Le\->', Gustave Selo
; and Jennie Stemberg. both of San Francisco.
WITT— JOOST— In this city, January- 29. 19cr
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Henry B. Witt
and Sophie L. Joopt.
DIED.
Blaklston. John S. Lawlers. Mart a ret
Brer.nan, John T. May, Mary A.
Brown. Ear J. Macdonald. A. D.
Dale. Louisa Means. William J.
I>ebney. Captain G. ' Myers. Frances J.
¦ IVlison, Georg* O'Connor, Joseph
Kastwood. Herbert Perry, Ritta B.
Ernst, Charles A. Peters, Delia M.
Fullum, Thomas J. Serens. Frederick W.
Graham, Joseph Shepperd. Wm. B.
Harrigan. Cornelius Tyllesen. Conradine
Harte. Oregory I*. Wagner, Xellle M.
Kerrick. Mrs. Sophie Walsh. Michael
Jacobs, Thomas Young, Jennie
BLAKISTOX— In this city. January 30, 1901.
John S. Blaklston. father of Robert Blakls-
ton. a native of Quebec, Canada, aced 74
years and 5 months. A member of the Sail-
makers' Union.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock," from the parlors of
the H*nry J. Gallagher Undertaking- Com-
pany. 10 Fifth street, thence to Holy Cross
Church fcr services. Interment Mount Cal-
l vary Cemetery.
; BROWN— In this city, January 31. 1901. Eva
! Jane, beloved daughter of Captain J. W. and
KartrufTite Brown, and sister of Colin. Kath-
I^n, Henry and Carrie Hrown. a native of
Scotland, aged 22 years 4 months and 17 days.
BHEXNAN— In thl* city. January 31. 1901. John
T.. beloved son of Michael T. and the late
Johanna Brmnan,. a. native of ran Fran-
ci«;o. aged 30 years.
C Notice of funeral hereafter.
DALE— In this city, January 29, 1901, Louisa,
dearly beloved wife of Andrew J. liale. and
mother of Edna and Wi:iiam Diie. a native
of Illinois, aged 34 yearB and 4 months.
«Frecport and Chicago, III., papers please
ccpy.) , *-
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday). at_ 10 o'clock, from Bethany Con-
luneral car from corner of San Jose avenue
and Thirtieth street at 11 o'clock. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DKGXET— In this city. January 23. 1901. Cap-
tain Oerard I>?bney. beloved husband of Jane
E. Debney, and brother of Mrs. . Horace
Newell, a native of Essex, Entland, aged
€3 rears and C months. (San Die*o and Se-
attle racers please cooy.)
' CjT Funeral from his late residence, S43
McAllister etreet. to-morrow (Saturday), at
1 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, fcy carrlace.
DOBSOX— In the City 'and County Hospital,
January 21. lfOL George DcbFon, a native of
Iowa, ared Is years.
EASTWOOD — In this city, January 31. 1901.
Herbert, dearly beloved husband of Emma
Eastwood, father of Arthur. Eddie and Eva
Eastwood, and grandfather* of Clara and
Minnie Eastwood, a native of England, aged
63 years 3 months a.nd 12 days.
ERNST— In this city. January 21. 1901, Charles
Alexander, dearly beloved husband of Mln-
n> Ernst, son-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. John
Moller. and brother-in-law of Dora. Marls
' and Louise Moller, a native of Reval. Rus-
sia, aged ZZ years 2 months and o days.
FULLUM- In this city, January 30. 1901,
Thomas J., beloved con of the late Thomas
and Alice Fullum, and brother of Mrs. J.
Moore, Mrs. E. M. Silva and Katie, Edward.
Frank and Louts Fullum, a native of ban
. Francisco.
f£7The funeral will take place (his day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence.. 162 Harriet' Etreet. Interment privoje.
GRAHAM— In this city. January 3d, 1301. Jo-
.s^i.h Oraham. beloved- husband of Margaret
Oraham. and. father of Matthew Graham, a
nativ» of Armagh, Ireland, aged .'.0 years. A
meml>er of Pacific Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. F.,
• and Golflpn. Gate Camp No. 64. W. of the \V.
C7'Frten<i8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:20 o'clock, from his late
residence, 21 Morris avenue, thence to First
United Presbyterian Church, corner Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street i where ser-
vices will b<> held, commencing at 2 o'clock.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HARRIGAN— In this city. January S9. 1901.
Cornelius, beloved husband cf the late Mary
A. Harrican, and father of M. J., J. J.,
. William A.. Dr. J. T.. George W\, Lizzie
B. and Annie M. Harrigan. a native of Ire-
land, aged 72 years 6 months and 26 days.
Qfew Orleans, La., papers please copy.)
fDTFrleniis are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Friday), at 9
o'clock, from his late residence. 172s Hyde
etreet, thence to St. Brlarld's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
1:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. *-,.
HARTE— In this city. January 30. 1901. Greg-
ory Powers Harte, a native of Ohio, aged 63
years.
£7" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Fri-
day). Et 11:30 o'clock, et the chapel of Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. Remains at the parlors
of N. Gray & Co.. 641 Sacramento' et.
HEHRICK— In Los Angeles, January 17, 1901.
Mrs. Sophie D. Herrick, beloved wife of Hai-
ard P. Herrick. and mother of Kate S. Her-
rick. a. native of Burlington, Vt.
JACOBS— In this city, January 31. 1901. Thomas
Jacobs, father of Thomas R. Jacobs and
Mrs. M. J. Vlnal. and grandfather of J. T..
W. L.. A. S.. Alice and Renney Vlnal and
Mrs. Frank Kenney. a native of Holt, Eng-
land, aged SI years and 11 months. .
LAWLESS— In this city,, January 30. 1901.'
Martarct, beloved wife of the late James
Lawless, ar.d mother of John. William and
Kittle Lawless, a native of County Galway.
Ireland, aged 6" years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 5>:S0 o'clock, from her late
residence. 218 Harriet street, thence to St.
Rose's Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MAT— In this city; January 30, 1901. Mary A..
beloved wife of Noel May, • and vnother of
I »
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. ¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st.. cppOEite Lincoln School.
¦ Telephone South 80. •
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth Bt. TeL South 167.
ICNERAS, DIBZC70&3 AXD EKBALME&1.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
I/Vle.Pl\/OY «fc CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, I
I 1239 Market Et, between Sth and Sth. I
I ¦ ¦ - Telephone .South 247.^ ' i
•ioUTMrnji r*«irio ronriii.
(rAoirio nnitii.)
TralM !••*•> itnd nrtt 4m* in i»rrlt» a|
NAN ritAN«:iM«:o.
(Vain Lice. Foot of Market Streal) *-
tKATl — FROM JASU1ET L 1901. - A*ltlT»
7iS(U Banlda. Sula-m. Kmlra, WnlUa. \
J^mn**Y *»*i huentuantQ .....•••• •••-"•I*
7:Ju*Uni*. Woodlaad. Kuirffcts Lindiaj,
Mirjsfille. OrofiUe. 7ll3p
f :30» Atlaatin Kxprew-OjJ*" aad Ems 12i13*
h;O»» Marline*, s:»a lUmnii, V»Ueja. Napa.
Calbh-ca and Swu lloaa SsISp
S:O*a Sue*. Lhennore. Tzicy. I-athrop,
Stockton • "«13i*
8:3Ua SbaiU I tpress-IHiIs, Williana (for
B&rtleU SprinzaX Willows, Ked
BlulT. Portlaud. 7i*3f
lillii Ran Jo»», Li»«r«note, Stoektun. ¦% - . -^
lone, Hmermmeutu. ri»o-rTli.e,
M»r|«Tl»e, Cbleo, Uoil BliilT 4il»p
HtSO. Oakdale. Chinese. 3ooor*.Carten... 4lil<tp
tfiuo* H»i«rmril*, NUei tad W»j HUtloas. 1 1:14*
ViO«aLc9 Angela* Express— M»rtlnei
Tney. Lathrop. Htooktnn. llrrc-d
FreiDO Bnd Los Anceles 7«13p
0:30a ValloK Maxtlu«z »ii«T W»j Stations tti43f
10:00* The 0»«rUtidUi«ilt^l-Oid«a, Dan.
w. Omaha. Chleaco.I e. •i*5r
!!:••* Nllr*. Skoekton. Sacramentij , Men-
rtot*. Fresno, Ilu>ferd. V!nlU,
rort«»ill« .•••••• ««»"
11:00* Lhmnore. 8»oj«. Goshen Juno.
tlon. Bikertleld. Ix» Angeles
? l»O«»rSUermitimil4>i:»»er&t««iMMn |3:OO*
V:«up H»jwmrU«. NIUs wl Wmj UUtloiu. ai»i»»
4.«<»f M*ttlii«'.. H»u lUmoii. VmlUJo.
N»n*. t;»H«tn«i». S*nt» lt<»» OllS.
4rOOr Benrela, Whiten. HftorawenUj,
Wotwllanil. KnlJiU lauding.
M.rjmUlr. OrotUI* l»i«»»
4s.1'>r Hiywsrds. nil««».MX SmiJom...... |5'*2*
StOOrNiics Lirermore, Stockton Lodi ... ioiIS*
«5:O0r liaotet Limited, El Pmo, Abw
Orleans and E«*t. «1O«13*
S:OOrTba Owl IJmitad— Tracy. l"t««no.
BrnkenBeld. Hiupii fur 8muta> li«-
bar*. Ix>s Au«Mes. l»«l»*
aiOopNew Orkaor EipreM-U»ker»neld,
.Sautit IUrb«rs,l«aAuisles, lam-
ing, £1 Fuo, Na* OTlaaus aud
Kmst T«*-1«
«<o«r H»ywmrd», Ktle» mnd Hau Joss 7«-i.1»
? 0:O«r Vmllcjo ~ 1 !•*»?.
Oi«»r Oriental Mun-Ojden. Chejenno.
Oin»hi. Chlc*i-> 12J13F
•^Of Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denter,
Ommhm. Chio^ao 4tl3r
7iOOr OrvKmi mnd CalUornls !:«|.t<....«»o-
rmiieutii. M»rjii»lll«. UoMIiik.
I'oitluiKf. 1'ilgek Hmmil mllll KaHl Sl4-lt
¦¦•SpBan P*blo. P"i» font*. Mirtlaei
•nd WayJIUUoui IIj 1'2*
HiMf V»ll>)n 7t43i»
COAST DlflHIOK <Sarr«i» <laa K e).
(Foot otMnrket Street.)
Sil!»*New*rli.l>!!tMtille..SanJo»?.Pe!tp»,
BouMec Cre«k.Smut* Crux mnd Wmy
tiUUunii ----. ••»•»
\TH I »r Wewmrk, CentorTllle. 8mn Jose, New
Almxlen, Felton. Itoulilor Creek,
SftiiU K'vxk and Principal W»j
8»tlo..s t 1 ***? 4
4il.1rNnnrk, HuiJm, Los Gmtos •»»»
a»:3«)> Hantw' Exsnxsion. Ban Jots and ___
Wmy^^tions ¦ r»"*T
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frta Sll f mCISCO— tt*l *f ImM SUi.l (Slif S)—
t7.1a »:0O 11:00a.m. 1:00 2:CO *:13p m.
From Oakland — Foot of Brcadway. — f* O ti:*i
10:(0a.m. 12:00 »:00 4:C0p.m.
COAST DITLSIO.l (llromi! ««»«•).
(Thlr.l »i.d To»»wi»l St».)
«O:ia* Ocesn View. Moiita r»«n Kr.ud«o.. t«»»at»r
7:«O* Hail Jow a»4 Wa» SUU-.i.s (New
Atinmileii Wetliteodava nittr) 1«»»
•i««t Han Jose. Tres I'l.iof, Miu.ta CnM.
r*eii'ic <:ro»o. I'msn lt..lilt-«. 8mil
I.11U OI.Uim.. Hnif. Lompoo aitd i **__
rrlncl.-»l W«r Statlntta f' 1 ?*
lotto. Ban Josa »ud w»y .st»Uoua S'^ 4
1 1:SO» tt*n Jote ami \V.» SUUmm ........ »«-»0r
? f*i*»pS»u Mmteo. Itedwooi!, Monlo P*rk.
Pmlo Alto. Sa.nl* Clmrv 8»» J»«,
Tres Plnoa. Hmiit* Una. Saitoaa.
Monterey mini Pmelfle «ro*e...... 11»tS«»
t»ia»pSsjiJoiemud Way SUllo... ....... J 1 *?*
tl:l.'»pS»aJo»eftn-l Prlnclpfcl W»y Stations »:*3.
t3>OOp8»n Jo«e. Los O»tos and Principal
Way8Utioua.... '2 S 2? 4
StSOp Ban Joss mn.l I'rincfpal Way Stations J:-*-^*
• :3t»r Sail Jobs and Wm»«tmtf.>iim ?1 ! T«*
qlli4r»p 3an JmokuJ Way HUtions " 3l)f
A for Moniiuf. ! P '<>' * ' teniooo.
f Sunday ercepted. I S«ada/ OB*.
( Mondays. Wedaaadayi, Friday*.
c Tu- td'jya. Thor3daya. Sundays,
a Sau-.nUv onl/ .„ .,
HURRYING
ACROSS
If that's your game
hurry in comfort-
To Chicago in 3 days
on the Santa Fo^-
* • %
California
Limited
C7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, February 3. at 10:30 o'clock, at her
late residence. 1107 Buena Vista avenue. Ala-
meda. under the auspices of Lodge Xo. 17 ot
the Danish Sisterhood. Cremation at Odd
V Fellows' Cemetery, San Francisco.
WAGNER-In this city. January 31, 1901, Nel-
lie M. Warner, beloved daughter of Nellie
and the late Henry Wagrior, sister of Harry
Wagner, and granddaughter of Henry and
Mary E. Wagner, a, native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 years and 6 months.
WALSH— In this city. January 31, 1901. Mich-
ael, beloved husband of Elizabeth M. Walsh
father of Lizzie, Edward and Willie Walsh!
and brother of Dennis Walsh,. Mrs. James
Dickson and Mrs. John Murphy of Hum-
boldt, Cal., a native of County Kilkenny,
Ireland, aged 60 years.
TOUXG-In this city. January 30, 1301. Jen-
nie, wife cf Thomas Young-, mother of Wil-
lie C, Robert J. and Nora A. Young, and
etster of. Mary and Cornelius McCarthy; a
native of County Cork, Ireland, need 33
years.
K7"The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 11 Elizabeth Etreet. thence to St.
James Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS.
HORN— The family of the late Bernard Horn
take this method of publicly acknowledging
our obligations and extending our heartfelt
thanks to the many kind friends for their
deep sympathy and kindness extended to us
In the Ead hour- of our bereavement.
BERNARD J. HORN.
ELIZABETH A. HORN.
THOMAS HORN.
MRS. R. H. POWKLL,
MRS. J. BRISLAN.
IC7"FrIends and acquaintances are r^epe't-
fully invited to attend the funeral this duy
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from Plymouth Con-
gregational Church, Post street, between Bu-
chanan and Webster. Remains at the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company,
403 Powell street, near Post.
TI'LLESKX — In Alameda, January 30, 1901,
Conradine, beloved wife of Frederick Tyl-
lesen. and mother of Mrs. Emll Fisher and
John, Fred and William Tyllesen, a native
of Denmark, a«ed 6» years 6 months and 15
days.
Albert, Walter and Estella May. a native of
New Orleans, La., aged 48 years and 13 days.
CXFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2014H Dupont street, thence to St.
Francis Church, corner Vallejo and Dupont
strefits, for services. Interment private.
MACDONALD— In this city. January 30. 1901.
Alexander Davidson, beloved husband of
Agnes Macdonald, and father of Clarence D..
Alaster S., Robert B. and Sibyl Macdonald
and Mrs. George F. PhelDS. a native of ln-
verneBS-shire. Scotland, In his 70th year.
MEANS— In this city. • January 31, 1901. Wll-
Ham 'John Means, formerly of Mason Valley,
New, beloved father, of Jennie and Elmer
Means and Mrs. Edith Sto%-er. a native of
Ireland, aged 60 years 1 month and 1 day.
MYERS— In San Rafael, January 31. 190L
Frances J. Myers, dearly beloved daughter of
Julia and the late David Myers, and sister
of Matthew, Mary. John and William Myers
and Mrs. G. W. Crandell. V native of No-
vato. aeed 16 years 4 months and 22 days.
CTFTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(baturday), from the residence of her mother,
D street, thence to St. Raphael's Church,
where a high requiem mass will be cele-
brated for "the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing, at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In this city. Jannary 31. 1901, Jo-
eeph only and beloved son of Charles J. and
Elizabeth O'Connor, and brother of Margaret
and Mary Grace O'Connor, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 month and 27 days.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
fFWOajo, at- 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 19"S Stelner street, between Bush and
Pine. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PERRY— In Oakland, January 30, 1901. Ritta
B. Perry, beloved wife of William Perry,
mother of. Alma B. Perry, daughter of Mrs.
Annie Stewart, and plater of Mrs. II. S.
Brady, a native of California, aged 80 years.
(DTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• FViday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 213 Seventh etreet. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland. .
PETERS-Entered Into rest, in this city, Janu-
ary 31. W01. Delia M. Peters (nee Glavln).
widow of the late Charles \V. Peters, and
denrly beloved mother of Teresa M.. May K.
and the late Frances D. Peters. (Worcester,
Mass., Stamford, Conn., and Woonsocket, R.
I., papers r-leape copy.)
C3" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the barlors of J. C O'Conrior & Co., 7S7
Mission street.
SERENS— In this city. January 31. 1301. Fred-
erick \V., beloved hueband of Elizabeth S«r-
ens, and father ot William A.. Daniel F. and
Lizzie O. Serens and Mrs. L. K. James, a
native of Chatham. Ontario, Canada West.
SHEPPERD— In this city, January 3d, 1S0J,
William B., beloved husband of Helen M.
Shepperd, a native of Ohio, aged 68 years 7
months and 10 days. A member of Virginia
Ixwlge No. 3, I. O. O. K"., and Storey I»dge
No. 3. A. O. U. W.. also of Virginia CUy,
„ Nev
RAILWAY TKAVZL.
-Many a man who declares that he works
like a dogr la hitting nearer th© truth than
he Intendsmortem statement. It was brief and sim
ply recited the fact that he was shot by
Quon Ah You and that Quon Quock Wah
also Hred a shot at him.
HIGHBINDERS SHOOTING TO
KILL. LUM YOW FOR A RE
WARD.
THE ACTOR WHO HAS MADE
MANY THOUSANDS LAUGH.
- • Photo by Bushnell.
ZIOX1PT DISCUSSION.-At the eynago&ue
cf the Congregation lVjth Menahlm Streisand,
on Minna street, the Zionists of tBIs city met
last night and were entertained by addresses
by Rev. V>r. Isidore Meyers. Rabbi Bennan
and Rev. Dr. Cohen. Mm. llyen read a paper
on the necessity of unity in eecurln* the suc
cess of the cause of y.ion.
The ladles of the California Club lis
tened to a delightf ul lecture yesterday
afternoon by E. B. , Lamar of Berkeley
Mr. Lamar's subject 'vas.tha great nla-/
"L'Alglon," soon to bo produced here bv
Bernhardt and Coquelin. The lecturer
treated his subject both from an historical
and' literary standpoint. The ladies de
rived much pleasure and instruction from
the lecture. i . .-
"L'Aiglon" Was His Subject
Banks Buy Typewriters.
L. & ai. Alexander. HO Montgomery »t.,
have Just sold new Smith Premier Type
writer* to the tallowing banks: Anglo-
Califomian "Ltd-.'/Wells. Farg-o & Co *s
Bar.k: Nevada County Bank. Grass Val
ley; Bank of Mountain View: First- Na
tional Bank. Monrovia, and Los Angeles
National Bank, * • •
Stephen V. Costello will rely solely upon
his motion made before Judge Murask"
to declare -him elected for the office of
Superior Judge, instead of either Judge
Daingerfield or Judge Graham. In event
the motion is denied Cobtello will not ca'l
for another recount. He dismissed hia
petition against Daingerneld and Graham
for a recount yesterday and will center his
energies in the prosecution of his motion
as before stated.
Stops Further Rfecount.
SERVICES AT EMANU-EL.— Divine sen-ices
this evening: at Temple Emanu-El commence
at 8 o'clock. Rev. Dr. VoorBanger will de
liver the lecture. "A Chapter in the Parlia
mentary History of Great Britain During the
Reign of Queen Victoria" will be the lecturer's
subject.
The first conviction under section 347 of
the Penal Code, which provides for the
punishment of those who commit crimes
through the medium of knockout-dropa.
was had In Judge Cook's court yesterday
morning. The convict was sentenced to
five years in San Quentln.
The defendant was Herman Isaacs a
young man. On the .night of November
25 he went into Cohn & Lowenthal's sa
loon. 90 Third street, with John Bowen a
carpenter, living at 675 Mlssio:. street
Bowen was considerably under the in
fluence of liquor and the bartender no
ticed that Isaacs secretly poured some
thing from a small bottle into a glass of
beer which Bowen was to drink.
The bartender seized the glass and re
fused to allow Bowen to drink the liquor
Policeman Driscoll was sent for and ho
placed Isaacs under arrest. The beer was
eent to police headquarters and from there
to the Board of Health to be analyzed. It
was found that it contained chloral hy
drate in sufficient quantity to Ull a man.
Isaacs was charged under section 347 of
the Penal Code, which leads:
Every person who willfully mlneles anv
poison wit* any food, drink or medicine with
the Intent that the same shall be taken by any
human being to his Injury is punishable ty
Imprisonment in the State Prison for a term
not less lhan one year nor more than ten
ycBxs.
Isaacs' preliminary examination was
he d before Judge Fritz and the Judge
held him to answer to the Superior Court
\V hen the case was cailed in Judge Cook'*
court yesterday morning Isaacs pleaded
guilty and burst Into lears. The^Judge
in passing sentence, said he was sorry for
the young man's family, but he had to
make an example of him. as It was tho
first case of the kind before the courts
If the defendant had not- pleaded "guilty'
but had been tried and convicted he wouni
have received the full penalty, ten year*
In prison. '™ u
Herman Isaacs First Con
vict Und«r New Provi
sion of the Code. , .
FIVE YEARS FOR
GIVING "DROPS"
The Assembly Committee on Commerco
and Navigation enjoyed a rather pleasant
Junketing trip to. this city yesterday and
returned- on the evening train to Sacra
mento. The committee came here for th«
ostensible purpose of viewing the pro
posed site for a free public market but 5n
reality the majority of .them cared more
for the mileage they were earning than
for the performance of legislative duties.
The trip was not as pleasant as it might
have been, for it was cold and windy on
the water front when ihe members, mar
shaled by Colonel Martin Brady, chair
man of the committee, reached' Bast
street. To their credit be it said, how
ever, they spent nearly an hour . on
the city front looking exceedingly wisa
while mentally figuring out I what their
mileage would amount to. That th« bill
introduced by Assemblyman Radcliff, pro
viding that after th«s first day of next
July the blocks and fractional blocks of
State property bounded bv Pacific, Davis
and East streets, shall be part of tha
free public market established by an act
approved March 29, 1S37. will be reported
adversely upon by the committee, is al
most an assured fact. The majority of
the members evldentlv had their minds
made up to vote asalnst the bill before
leaving Sacramento, but, "as an evidence
of good faith" and in order to earn mile
age, they visited the oite.
Assemblyman Radciiff. who introduce!
the measure, accompanied the committee
and on his invitation Colonel Edward F.
Adams, a fruit grower of Watsonvllle.
who has made a study of the needs for a
free public market, was also present.
Adams first took the . committeemen to
Jackson and Washington street wharves
and explained to them now fruit and other
perishable products were unloaded there
by -the river steamers. • A' considerable
portion of the products is sold at ths
wharves and the remainder is carted off
t'o commission houses, suffering great
damage while In transit to them. "With
a free public market on the site pro
posed," said he, "all *rult and vegetable*
shipped here could be 3afely stored with
out damage. If the shipments were not
sold at once, the goods would be protect
ed and saved from (he damage resulting
from too much handling."
The legislative solons did not see mat
ters In that light. The majority of them
thought the facilities afforded at presen:
were entirely sufficient.
"I think that there is a better site by
the grain sheds at the northern end of
East street." remarked Assemblyman
Brown, "and if you will follow me I think
I can convince you of that fact."
•"What Is the use of walking: there,"
ejaculated Chairman Brady. "We ain't
supposed to go chasing 'round. All we've
got to do is to look at the site proposed
In the bill."
«.»r?M. ess that 's s o." remarked Brown.
Might- as well eo ud town."
The commltteemen went into executive
session for a few minutes and decided to
walk around the boundaries of the site
proposed in Radcllff's bill. After the trip
they separated and went "up town,"- firs*
agreeing to meet on the evening train fo 1 "
Sacramento.
Does Not Meet With Favor
in Ejes of Solons of the
Assembly...
PUBLIC MARKET
SITE IS DOOMED
The motive for the shooting was the
fact that the highbinders believed that
Lum Yow, who is a Christianized Chinese,
gave information to the mission people as
to where slave girls were kept in China
town and a reward of $1000 was offered
to any highbinder who killed him. Lum
Yow was married to a slave girl, Youn
How, who was rescued by the Presbyte
rian Mission people from a life of shame.
This was another serious offense against
him in the eyes of the highbinders. Lum
Yow*s wife was taken to the hospital by
Miss Cameron to see him, and was later
taken to the mission, as it was feared an
attempt would be made to kidnap her.-
Lum Yow had $96 in his pockets when
searched at the hospital. He requested
Miss Cameron if he should die to send
his wife back to China, so that she might
not fall into the hands of the high
binders.
This city is again favored in that the
officers necessary to carry out "mustering
out instructions" must be thoroughly fa
miliar with the work, and the plan "of
sending the men to their homes for dis
charge would require too many officials,
whereas, If the entire twenty-five regi
ments are mustered out here one board
of officials could perform all the work.
Out at the Presidio camps are being
rapidly prepared for the reception of the
Thirty-seventh Regiment, <lue to arrive
here about Februarys. Accompanying
these . volunteer* is Colonel Jocelyn. who
has had a great Ccal of experience Jn the
work of mustering out men. having had
charge of the discharge of the volunteers
on the conclusion of the Spanish war
The revleW of artfllery. infantry an d
cavalry at the Presidio .yesterday morn
ing was a brilliant spectacle. Colonel
P.awles expressed himself as greatly de
lighted with the ofilcers and men who
took part.
It requires three weeks' time to muster
out the 12C»0 men comprising a regiment,
and the chipping of tentage And the nec
essary camp outfits from here to the
mustering out point would prove a matter
of considerable cost.
It Is now almost an assured fact that
the volunteer soldiers . will be mustered
out In this city, instead of being sent to
points throughout the country where, the
regiments were organized. For the last
few weeks the War Department officials
have been making careful estimates of
the cost of transporting the volunteers
to the points nearest their home's and that
of giving them their discharges here, and
have about decided it is advisable to mus
ter out in San Francisco. An item of
considerable Importance in the expense
Js the erection of camps for the men.
If they axe mustered out in the States
¦where the regiments were organized the
entire regimental outfit will have to be
shipped to the point selected, where, as
soon as the men are discharged, it will
be necessary to hire a large force of men
to pack the tentage, arms, ammunition
and camp utensils for shipment to this
city, where they: are needed for the boI
<ilers to be sent to the Islands to replace
the volunteers. .
Plan of Sending .Soldiers
Horn a for Discharge
Is Abandoned.
WILL MUSTER OUT
VOLUNTEERS HERE
Lum Yow was a cook in a private fam- |
lly near his residence. He had been to
Fish alley buying fish and provisions,
which he placed in a basket. He was car
rying the basket on his back up Clay
street when Quon Ah - You and Quon
Quock Wah, members of the See Yup
Society, fired from behind at him. Quon
Ah You fired the first shot, which took
effect, but Quon Quock Wah's bullet
missed its mark. The two highbinders
disappeared in Spofford alley. LUm Yow
walked along Stockton street till he
near Stockton, shortly after 3 o'clock yes
terday afternoon. He was shot in the
back, the bullet entering under the left
shoulder blade, coming out in front about
half an inch above and to the left of the
heart and passing through the left lung.
Powder niarks on the back of his blouse
ehowed that the assassins were close to
him when the shot was fired.
Will Again Play Funny Role Which Holds
a Record as a Laugh-Maker.
OMEDIAN AL.F C. WHEELAN,
//^ the original "Hoot Mon," is speed
(l ing toward this city from New
York, having been telegraphed for
by the management of the Tivoli,
and the favorite actor will shortly make
his reappearance at the theater on Eddy
street.
"Hoot Mon" Wheelan has been In Lon
don since he left San Francisco, having
gone to that city with a company play
ing a number of Hoyt's comedies. When
Wheelan played Hoot Mon in "The Idol's
Eye" at. the Tivoli last year the whole
city was convulsed with laughter. Time
and time again did people go to see the
funny caricature of the Scotchman as pre
sented by Wheelan. with the result that
"The Idol's Eye" ran for ten weeks to
crowded houses. The play has made a
fortune for its owners, and much of its
success was due to Wheelan's comicali
ties. "Hoot mon" and "Every one hold
on" - are familiar sayings all over the
United States. The role of Hoot Mon as
played by Wheelan was not written by
the authors of "The Idol's Eye," but was
a conception of Wheelan's. When the
comic opera was written the role assigned
to Wheelan was that of a Scotch dude,
in evening dress. Wheelan was averse to
playing the role, and Frank Daniels, who
was to- produce the play, would allow of
no change. Th3 authors, however, sided
with Wheelan, and on the first night of
"The Idol's Eye" a joke was played on
Daniels. -When Wheelan was to appear
instead of being clad in evening. dress he
was attired in rags. kilt, fllly-bag and
cap Daniels was so dumfounded that he
had an attack of stage fright and was at
a loss for his lines. "Hoot mon," said
Wheelan, in broad Scotch dialect, and
Daniels, who was fumbling with the skirt
of his costume, undid the hooks and let
the garment fall to the ground. The audi
ence and the company were convulsed
ORIGINAL "HOOT MON" WHEELAN
IS COMING BACK TO THE TIV0LI
ton street, a collector and solicitor for the
"industrial department" of the Pacific Mu
tual LJfe Insurance Company of Califor
nia, with offices at 405 Montgomery street,
wandered into that place about 5 o'clock
yesterday afternoon looking as if he and
a buzzsaw had commingled. Later, ac
companied b\ a special agent of the com
pany named Ward, he went to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where he was treated
for all kinds of lacerations of the head
and scalp. He claimed that ho had been
assaulted with a pistol In the hands of
August Pope, an engineer, who lives at 5
Congress street, on the summit of Birena
Vista Hill.
Some time ago Mrs. Popo took out a
policy of insurance on the lives of her
husband and children, without the for
mality of an examination. Pope objected
to the terms of the policy and asked his
wife to order It canceled. She demurred
and a casus belli was established in the
household. From this point family dif
ferences grew until they were magnified
to an alarming degree.
Armbuster went to the house about 2:30
o'clock yesterday afternoon to collect the
pittance coming to the company. Mrs.
Pope told him that she would be unable to
pay until the following collection day.
While they were talking Pope came home
and met his wife and the collector talking
at the door.
The flat occupied by the Popes is at the
top of the hill, with a short flight of steps
leading to it. Mrs. Pope was at the head
of these stairs and Armbuster was at the
hedge surrounding the place, a few feet
away. They were talKing as pleasantly
as could be when she exclaimed:
"There comes my husband."
Pope by this time had sized up the sit
uation, drawn his pistol and attempted
to use it on Armbuster. The trigger
failed to work, but the butt end did on
Armbuster's head, and he came out of
tue affray looking very much the worse
for wear.
Mrs. Pope ran to the house of her
mother, Mrs. Durner, about one hundred
yards away, where her oldest daughter
was at play, and left her husband and
two younger children, Klla, aged less
than two years, and Norman, aged Jive
years, to their father's care. He picked
them up, hatless and coatless, and dis
appeared almost as quickly as the
mother. He went -with the children pre
sumably to the residence of his mother,
Mrs. Heider of Alameda, Armbuster,
with his head swarthed in bandages and
a confused idea of his surroundings at the
Receiving Hospital, said, after promptings
by his friend. "Ward, that he did not
"know how it happened."
"I was standing by the flagpole in front
of the house talking to Mrs. Pope." he
said, "when the husband came along,
pulled out a gun and tried to shoot me.
Tlje trigger failed to work and then he
clubbed me with the pistol. I got it good
hard and plenty, went to my office and
was treated by the local physicians and
then came out to the Receiving Hospital.
I have not the least idea why this assault
was made on me."
Mrs. Pope when seen at the residence
of her mother was at first disinclined to
say anything about the occurrence. Jeal
ousy on the husband's part and the desire
to avoid paying on the insurance policy
she alleges were the chief causes leading
to the afternoon's affray.
"Norman and 1511a," she says, "wer»
playing in the sand across the street when
my husband came up the road. Mr. Arm
buster was standing In front of the house
near the flagpole, and I was standing on
the landing on top of the three or four
steps leading to the house. Suddenly my
husband pulled out his pistol and pointed
it at the collector, but It would not work.
Then he hit the old man over the head
with it. I ran to my mother's house,
j where my oldest daughtes was staying for
the afternoon. Then my husband grabbed
the two younger children and disappeared.
I believe he went to his mother's place in
Alameda."
Mrs. Pope, coached by her brothers and
other relatives, was decidedly disinclined
to make any statement. Finally, however,
she admitted that herself and husband
had many differences, and that the Pacific
Mutual Life Insurance Company collector,
who had been a weekly visitor for the last
eight months, had much to do with the
anger of the husband. Pope has been out
of work for the last few days, has been
ugly and morose, but according to his
friends has no just grounds for suspect
ing Armbuster of anything wrong.
Detective Dillon, who was detailed on
the case, endeavored last night to locate
Pope, but was unable to find him. When
arrested he will be charged with assault
to murder, and the mystery of Buena
Vista Heights will be solved either in the
police or divorce courts.
August Pope, an Engineer,
Fiercely Assaults Henry
Armbust«r.
Finds Insurance. Man Talking With
Mrs. Pope, Tries to Kill Him
and Carries Off
Children.
»
Henry Armbuster, living at 18S1 Stock-
BEATS COLLECTOR
WITH A REVOLVER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1901.
Price on His Head for Giving Informa
tion to the Missions About the
Slave Girls.
FKAKS of a war among the Chinese
highbinders have been entertained
for some time, and Chief Sullivan
has used every means in his
power to prevent It " breaking
out, but now these fears have at last
some foundation In fact. Lum Yow. a
cook living at 113 Prospect place, was shot
down and probably fataJly wounded by
two hit'hblndcrs in front of £39 Clay street,
*-.
reached Sacramento, •where he fell. Miss
Cameron of the Chinese Presbyterian
Mission was the first to reach him. Sho
asked who had shot him and he told her
Quon Ah You. The patrol wagon was
summoned and Lum Yow^fc-as taken to the
Receiving Hospital by Poflceman J. C.
Kdwards. As it was feared that he mlgrht
die Detective Bailey and Gong Tyng were
sent by Captain Seymour to take his ante-
CHRISTIAN CHINAMAN IS SHOT DOWN
IN BROAD DAYLIGHT BY HIGHBINDERS
12
with laughter, and It was some minutes
ere the opera could be continued. From
that night "Hoot mon" and the business
of dropping the skirt has amused many
thousands and made fame and fortune for
a. half-dozen men.
Incandescent light wiring a specialty. Elec-
trical Engineering Co.. CCS'-EIi Howard st. •
Boy Vesuvius otl stock; expect to strike oil
at any moment, then look out tor advance-
40 cents. Parrott bulldlcs. . •
THE MONEY-SAVING
FURNITURE and CARPET
HOUSE,
THIS ELEGANT
SOLID OAK BED,
6 ft 4 in. high, 6 ft. 2 in. long and 4 ft. «
in. wide, finished in Golden Oak. will be
offered at a sacrificed price of **»fi "^O
Less 10 per cent for Cash, regular prlca
being JS.EO.
"We have % HARD "WOOD BEDS for
S4.OO. less 10 per cent for Cash.
CASH 6i~CREDIT.
KRAGEN FURNITUKE CO.,
1015-1017 Market Street,
OPEN EVEXTMGS. Opp. Taylor at.
•DR. WONG WOO TEA AND HERB 8ANITARIUX.
764-768 CLAY STBEZT.
San Francisco. D«c. 24. 1300.
KS^A To ail whom It may concern-
I In December, 1S33. I was talceu
feC*: a elck with Black Typhoid Fever.
fL, 7 the most virulent type kn.o'wn to
V~» X medical science. I had bfemor-
Jr^^^Sv rhages. both nasal and lntt-st!-
*4^&*&*?9 nal. eight of the Utter occur-
yAl*) |\v rln « »« cn<» day. t>r. Wong
*»*!¥ill£iJty Woo. the eminent Chines* phy-
sician was called, and with ona dos» ot his
tea stopped the Cow of blood, thereby saving
¦ tny life, as I had been given up by my whit«
physician, as well as by all my friends. Was
unconscious' four weeks, but by Dr. Wong Woo's
wonderful skill he saved my life from this most
fatal of all fevers. Although I was confined to
my bed three months, was able to resume my
vocation In ilx months from the time I went t>
bed. and now I weigh 202 pounds, more than I
bad ever attained previously. I would cheerfully
recommend Dr. 'Wong Woo to any ona in need
of a flrst-clasn physician for any cause> whatso-
ever.— RALPH N. FOLKS. 213 GolJen Gat*
ave.. San Francisco. Cal.
1 WtSB k Tftfta* IS _J f£ teM
i m tj lu iv\a WS •»5j Si 5 fcfea
n li S3 rv^n 1*9 Wi&i n Im Ca '»
DR.MCNULTY.
rpniS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
.1 6p*cial!stcure* Blood Poison. Gonorrhoea. r.iw:.
Stricture, .seminal Weakness. Impotence and their
¦ Hied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Me». free.
OverMv'earVexperience.Termireanonablo. IIonr% '
0to3tlally;6:30toi.30«»Vffs. Sand«Ts.lOto 12. Crnsul-
tationXree and sacredly confidential. Coll oraddress
. P. ROSDCOE McXl'LTY, M.D.
gSMRearnySU San Francisco. CgL
f^"FAVOR8T£
FOR WEAK WOMEN.
DDTTCUI7C FOR BARBEKSl BAK-
0 Jl II OlliLO srs. bootbiacki». bath-
****"**"* houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-malsers. canners.
dyers. . Courmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, ata.-
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, . tailors, etc
bUCA *A.> bKO j.. . "
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramant.o s^
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the euro of * GOXOItKHOEA. CLJEE^S.
ETRICTURKS and analjgous complaint* of taa
Orsans cf Generation.
1 Price Jl a bottle. For sal* by drugxlsta,
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
• ¦.-*. ¦¦.* *¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B A Great Clean-Up of Our Surplus Stock of Dresses, II
I Cloaks- Skirts and Furs. Honest Values and U
8 >*^^\ **'£ Bargains. "m^jc> I
l| >^^2^ THE FOLLOWING ITEMS SPEAK FOR THEMSELVES : ipF J
• U ifSSnGK $10 to $15 CLOTH JACKETS, $2.50 SILK AND EMBROID- $& |
Iff -*T' all silk lined and good stylei, ERED CLOTH WAISTS. 'rr^%r\ fi
W now.. $i£i5O and $3.5O now $1.5O / \ a ¦> JH
1 Y^JV $12 to $15 KERSEY ANETCOV- $ IS to $25 COLORED CLOTH \ o « II
H ERT CLOTH JACKETS, all DRESSES, with silk lined \ I V, / ifl
fl A^\i/\ silk lined, this season's styles. JACKETS, now .S3.OO \ A \ li
/I A^^\ n0W i?5 - 00and?6 - 5 ° $1600 to $25 BLACK AND Afe- g|
II $4-50 FUR' COLLARETTES. BLUE SERGE DRESSES. A\ 11
II '* ft satin lined, now ...$2.2t> Jackets silk lined; now...S?7.5O I K.\ El
Iff $2.50 WHOLE b ANIMAL. NEW $17.50 CHEVIOT CLOTH ' li
If w V ,. \ FUR SCARFS, with, tails. DRESSES, silk lined Jackets. //I II
m \ \ J ' now .........91.75 now ,S!(.oo // I W
1 I x) I $75 °- FUI i C0LLARE II E -?: A lot of $25 CLOTH DRESSES. I 1
tk \ XC^J I satin lined, now. .. .J?3.oO this season's styles, now //./ \ H
4 I \ l^fe=Jf $10 FUR COLLARETTES, fine $10.00 // J \\ Ml
1 \ \~^~* satin lining, now :....... {?5.0(> a choice lot of good quality // / \\ li
I \ \ 1 $1.50 CLOTH WAISTS, lined. SILK WAISTS. . blacks and // / \ V 1 1
1 l\ /A \ blacks and colors, now.... 75c . colors, worth $6, now. . .?3. 75 / 1 I "¦ \V Bl
I v'J . COUNTRY ORDERS. CAREFULLY FILLEn. '- ] ... ||
I J10 and $12 EO GOLF CAPES. n«w Plaid , . . 31
IB Back effects, trimmed, now. ...95.00 • A if'- ' /72\ ' f*'' ? " ' : ! /* ' Iff
:-W j. blacks and blue, worth J5 to J8 each. ' -^r' *"..- . ~- r ' """*"'¦ »ft
DBS The season for selling mnckin- We are offering thia week LADIES' I Iff /*W/ K?«!
igg me season ior selling macKin SKIRTS made of good quality serge. Ifff /,*¥// -^d^k E«S
WM toshes is almost over. That's we lted seams, inverted p!eat back, lined \W /jKf/V
jgaj why we ar: selling 83.50 Mack- throuKhout and neatly bound; all^strlct- //il^.f, 1 1 ' gf* ?>^^«^S
II '"chVdrbn's mackintoshes cvnollont flnnnrtnnitiPQ for V \tVf> \ i^J^li
gH made o? best quality checked tXC8ll6ni UppOnUIHIieS lOl / \\ x \ V \\nMV«S
Inn mackintosh cloth or* diagonal p rnQ f CnnnnmiOC in Unoiori/ JLk \ V \Av'V< j*g?«
III plaid lined, double-breasted cape, bl6aT tGOnOnilBS III nObldiy. **\ V^S-^I'^3
||aj velvet collar, all lengths, to be ladies* HOSE, made of very best \
||a sold for less than hair their real fast black lisle, drop stitched. hlKh^spUced J J] flli&illyia
I«H IN DIID DICDDM nCD'T not 1 be Too much? reduction prlcp.. //^V^' '"^^'V*^)^!
li 6000 yards DOUBLE-FACED SATIN very "best Peruvian cotton, double soles. . \ fl XlV^J^^va
K%S ItlBBON*. 4 Inches wide; colors, .red. hiph spliced heels and toes, full lensth. » r -^gTRHSsl
39 cerise, blue, cadet white, violet and lav- ribbed top, warranted fast black. Our A?s!\ty»S/E??]l
Ha f£5} Whenever there is Values, not words, have placed our . ¦ h & ftT^g
Hi «3ft finvthim* new in tUe> «ale of Knitted Underwear in the lead. ] V K*§
II JC anytning new m the women know good barjjains-thafs &w
$1 y£^\ COPSet line KOSenberg why the trade movement here in the : - m$
*H / 2l3L * S bound to Show it Knitted Underwear is so strong and . i ' jBja
ll i\^T^ first at the most pea- continuous. - ]J^ ||||
81 t§lr% i sonable price. His new fjQj£ OF THESE I V \W
m - ' straight-front Corset la DIES - combination- suits, mad© of j if§
B5S for SI. OO equals any $2.O0 best Peruvian yarn, hish neck. Ions .sleeves. j »Li?
fc£59 y I- 4.Z^\ rn nnkle length, neck finished with crocheted 3 |»
ft§| Corset m tOWn. edge drawn through with silk tape. The small . lj|S<j
W$* Tt is made of very" best Fast Black Italian store's price .....<>,»<; I >] ti!l!ry
F13 riotn double side steels, rust proof front steels, LADIES' PANTS, made of best quaUty Aus . U IjjZ
PSM bias cut hand gored, low sloping bust, trallan wool, steam shrunk. and medieated. ., I £1 fci *
Rill new straight front effect. A corset that la French band, ankle length, gray only, rare _bar- Ij i 4 £) **< jf £i
III the pa"t e few re ye C ar9. C °Our fntSctlonTr^ce.^ SPECIAL IN GL0V5S. j j j> § ||
S3 o ,, r en ciMpip n .j iiinni UI1I0TC *^rCI^S~JV LADIES' DLACK GLOVES, I l 1^ 5^'5£?i
P suRPLUSStoS frf ladies* WOOL WAISTS Sj^ffip made of best fluj} 1 *^ 1^ 1 "" I llfg j? I
B»2J / 5-1 I'll a11 colors and sizes, although the . iiinnn 1DDIIT ICATUCD E1CI TQ I llG % im K
Ha IrwK; «n« are somewhat broken. AWUnUADUul LhAlnhn tJilLIO. I f.fl ? |3
t?Ya yr^^Y J"> 00 waist now.......'. SI. SO 5M LEATHER BELTS, mad* of best pressed jj IjjE I 9| g J
Wm 'A $1.50 waist now 1.00 these belts is worth at least 33c. Our gpedal j |j 3'2jj<# f " |i
i&M iam nAAr> " m -» p-s f% QIC MARS? CT QT running through to 11 otareell. ilaf §3Bi BapsflS
PfJUL nUOS-UDLriU) MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. If'^f^J M