THE ABOVE PICTURE OF MISS MART HOFFMAN. AS PUBLISHED IN THE CALL JANUARY 3. LED TO HER
POSITIVE IDENTIFICATION AT MONTREAL. REV. JAMES LE BARON JOItXSOX, THE MISSING MINIS
TER. BEING THH FIRST REPRODUCTION OF A PHOTOGRAPH OF HIM PUBLISHED OX THIS COAST.
CHICAGO. Jan. 10.-Lieutenant Colonel
and Mrs. George French of the Salva
tion Army will bid farewell to their Chi
cago followers next Monday evening.
They have received "marching orders"
from general headquarters of the army
arid are to , go to California to assume
charge of the Salvation Army In that
•State. . UHfi|lij)M|W r 'LIU
LIEUTENANT COLONEL FRENCH
SOON TO X START WESTWARD
LONDON." Jan.. ll,,4;50 a. : . m.— The An
chor line steamship Ethiopia. Captain Mc-
Kenzle, which left Glasgow to-day for
New York via • Mo vllle. Is ashore on Holy
Island, in the Firth of Clyde! She Is in a
fcad position. ; ., ¦ .
Steamship Ethiopia Ashore.
. HAVANA. Jan! 10.— The Cuban Consti
tutional Convention to-day decided by a
practically . unanimous vote to insert a
clause providing for universal suffrage In
tho future republic. Only one vote, it is
said, was cast against the proposal.
Universal Suffrage in Cuba.
When the bill was before the House of
Representatives an effort was made to
adopt this provision, but it was unsuccess
ful. It is -not doubted, however, that the
nouse wnl accept the Senate amendment,
which had the support of the administra
tion.
the volunteer service. Is to be given the
rank of major general on the retired list.
These changes are made possible by an
amendment to the army reorganization
bill adopted by the Senate this afternoon.
The attachment of tne line was due to
the heroic efforts of twenty fishermen,
who attempted what appeared to ba a.
foolhardy task- Their iiat-bottome4 craft
was tossed about Jlke a straw on the
waves. The spectators watched it with
bated breath. Several limes they thought
the small craft wan !o*t, but it finally got
Into a current, which carried the boat to
the starboard side of the Russle's bow. A
line was then thrown -m board the wreck.
Tho life line connected with the Russle
still holds good, in slpte of the tremendous
seas running, but it has not yet been pos
sible to take off the passengers. An at
tempt was about to b« made to rescue
them when the last difcpatch from Fara
man was received.
There are sanguine hopes that the res
cue of the endangered persons is possible
now that communication with the Russic
Is established.
MARSEILLES, Jan. 10.— A message
from Faraman cays that in spite of the
heavy sea still running a lifeboat suc
ceeded in reaching the French steamship
Ruesie. and attached a line to her. by
which food can be furnished to the pas
sengers and crew, who had all been
cooped up in the forecastle since yester
day evening, when the vessel stranded,
and were famishlnc
Heroic Men^ Make the
Work of Rescue
Possible.
FISHERMEN GET
A LINE TO THE
STRANDED SHIP
"I felt like saying, 'It will come high.'
I got up and walked to the door. I opened
It | and stood • there.. He looked there a
moment In some perplexity. I said, 'Does
it not. occur to you, sir, that this inter
view la at'an end?" He went out."
" 'What do you want me. to do?' said I.
" 'I want you to stop it,' said he,, 'and
I am authorized by the distinguished
gentleman whom I repiesent to say that
If you will stop It he will make it worth
your while.'
"I said: 'I have not any clergymen out
in that part of the world. I have no
more jurisdiction there than you have'
He said: 'Perhaps not In the sense you
mean, but it is one of your men.'
" 'Sir,' he said. 'I am from such and
such a part of the country." In that part
of the country a Herce political cam
paign is now in progress. One of your
clergy (It was in a Territory and not In
a city) Is attacking from the pulpit the
moral character and moral standard of a
gentleman who is a candidate there for a
very big office, whom I represent.'
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. . 10.— During his
speech at the Academy of Music last
night Bishop Potter said:
"About a year ago there came into my
study in New York tome one whom I
had never seen, a stranger, whose name
upon his card I did not recognize and
whose -errand 1 could not divine.
Envoy of a Candidate
Makes a Peculiar
AN ATTEMPT IS
MADE TO BRIBE
BISHOP POTTER
LONDON. Jan. 10.— General Kitchener
fends news of a serious simultaneous at
tack on the night of January* 7 by tiie
republicans on the British positions be
tween points sixty miles apart along the
line of the Pretoria and Lourenzo Mar
quea Railway. The losses on both sides
were heavy. According to reports the
Boers were beaten off after prolonged
fisrhting.
T!io following is the text of the dispatch
from General Kitchener:
"PRETORIA, Jan. S.—On the night of
Januaiy 7 the Boers made simultaneous
and determined attacks on all of our posts
si Belfast. Wonderfonteln, Noodegacht
•rid Wildffonteln. Intense fog prevailed
and taking advantage of the cover It af
forded the Boers were able to creep up
close to our position. A heavy fire con
tinued until 3:40 a. m., when the Boers
were driven off. One ofilcer was killed
&nd three were ¦wounded, while twenty
men were killed and fifty-nine wounded.
The loes of the Boers was heavy, twenty
four dead being counted.
"A convoy taking supplies to Gordon's
brigade, north of Krugersdorp, was at
tacked by Beyer's commando yesterday
(Tuesday). The Boers were driven off,
leaving eleven dead on the field. Our cas
ualties wer« four eUj-htly wounded "
SIMULTANEOUS
ATTACKS MADE
BY THE BOERS
Republicans Beaten Off
After Prolonged
Fiprhtingr.
¦ A private dispatch some days ago to this
city slates tha^ the two sailed on the
Tunisian as intended.
The cabman was requested to drive to
the house where he got the lady of the
picture and he made no stop until he
reached Miss Gleeson's.
At the Windsor Hotel the chief clenk
also recognised the picture of Johnson,
but, of course, said it was that of Mr.
Montgomery.
This afternoon after a long search the
correspondent found the cabman who
drove them to the depot and he imme
diately recognized The Call's .picture as
that of the lady In his cab and a picture
of Johnson as that of the man. He said
he was prepared to swear to It.
The day was spent in shopping, as it
was explained to Miss Gleeson that "Mrs.
Ruggles" had left home in a hurry and
did not have proper traveling clothes.
They took dinner about 5 o'clock and
drove to the Intercolonial train, which
left that night for Halifax.
He loft Miss Gleeson's house at an early
hour on the following morning and at 12:20
o'clock drove up to her door in a sleigh,
accompanied by "Mrs. Rusgles." They
had luncheon in the parlor.
morning. He went out immediately and
the next thing known of him is that he
went to the Allan Steamship Line office
and engaged passage for two on the Tuni
sian, which was to sail on the 15th from
Halifax.
MONTREAL. Que., Jan. 10.— There I
is no longer a shadow of doubt
that the lady who came to
Montreal as the wife of "Mr.
Rugs-les" was Miss Mary Hoff
r-.ar of San Francisco and that "Mr. Rug
gles" was norve other than the Rev. Jamo*
T.« Baron Johnson of New York. The
Call correspondent to-day found two peo
ple who identified , beyond question the
photograph of Miss Hoffman as It ap
pear^ in The Call of January 3 as that of
the lady who stayed on December 13 last
at the boarding-house kept by Miss Glee
eon. In order to make the test complete
the picture was carried to Miss Gleeson
fo folded that she could not see the letter
r>re?s cither top or bottom and she was
finked if she had ever seen the face be
fore.
"Have I ever seen It?" she said. "I
should think so. What has happened to
!:r-r now?"
"Who is it?" was asked, and she replied
•w.-ithoi;v a moment's hesitation. "Why,
It** r»'rs. Rugjrles. Have they found
thorn ?"
Qu"5=;ion«vj r-losrly ss to a possibility of
her bdng mistaken, she said: "Could any
on« mistake purh a face as that? I was
very much imprfssH with her fare be
«ause her bus-band had talked so mu<-h
ri.bout her for days before she oarat. It
Fecrned to be h's on" thought in life that
his wife was coming, and I really believe
When asked about the relatives of Mr.
Hoffman who had been there making In
quiries. Miss Gleeson said that one of
them had told her that he was sure that
the lady was Miss Hoffman. Johnson ar
rived here on the Sth and stayed at the
Windsor. He evidently expected the lady
much sooner than she came, as he regis
tered "Mr. and Mrs. Montgomery. Ken
tucky." He got several telegrams dur
ing the day and toward evening asked for
a quiet boarding-house. He was finally
driven to Miss Glerson's. which ( is one of
the most fashionable In the city. He en
gaged the front parlor and a bedroom,
saying that his name was "Mr. Ruggles"
and that his wife was coming very soon.
He did not poem to know just when she
was romine; and worried considerably un
til the 12th, when he brightened up and
said that his wife would arrive in the
that if I had sat with him all day long
he would have talked of nothing but her
and her beauty and how he loved her.
Do you know, I kind of thought that there
was something wrong, because married
people, who have been married as long as
they said -they had, act very different. I
could tell a great deal more about them
than I intend to, because there might be
other people wanting to board here and
they would be frightened."
"How was she dressed?"
"Oh. she wore a pretty traveling gray
tailor-made dress."
Special Dispatch, to The Call
Having completed the note and pinned
it where It would be conspicuous, Stolle
returned to the house. The bedclothes
and mattresses were piled in the doorway
of the partition and the contents of a coal
oil lamp dashed over them. He then
walked to the rear of the room, and, lean-
Ing on. the bed, placed the 3-S-caliber re
volver to his head and fired. The bullet
"Dear Friends: I done this because I was
drove to it by my wife Annie. . I set fire
to the house myself before I shot myself.
I wanted $125. for I wanted to go away,
as she offered me $30 or arrest. Before
arrest I committed . murder, suicide and
arson. Please let Mrs. Annie von Gote.
North Platte, Nebr., know of this affair.
"ROBERT B. STOLLE."
Stclk- '-'' then deliberately set about his
own destruction ¦ and , that of the little
home, hoping that fire would wipe out all
trace of his deed.
Securing a piece of . ppper. he wrote a
note telling of. his crime. In order that
this would not be burned, he pinned it on
the door of a -henhouse, some distance
away. Here Chief Kidward fcund the
note, which is as follows:
in a position as if. he bad fallen face
downward while knetling at the bed. of
fering a prayer to hi? Maker for forgive
ness for his horrible deed. On the floor
and on the bed clothes were great pools
of blood. .
Bertha, the daughter, had been shot
three tithes. One bullet entered her chin
just below the mouth and passed upward,
lodging near the base of the brain. Two
teeth were knocked out. The second shot
entered the right, breast and came out
near the shoulder blade. Another bullet
had entered the fleshy part of the left
hand.
The disorder of the room and the
scattering ' of blood upon the bed are
thought to be evidence of .a desperate
struggle between the girl and her father.
A theory advanced- Is* that when Stolle
got his revolver and announced his Inten
tion df killing his daughter and himself
she^rappTed with him. The bullet In the
hand was undoubtedly ! the first fired.
Around the room they fought for posses
sion of the weapon. The tearing and
staining of the bed clothes with
blood bears this out. Finally the brute
strength of the father prevailed and un
doubtedly with the shot In the breast the
daughter fell. Then leaning over her. he
made certain of his brutal crime by plac
ing the revolver to her mouth and firing.
TWO VICTIMS OF THE SAN
JOSE TRAGEDY AND THE
STOLLE HOME.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET.
N. . .TV., WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— Briga
dier Generals Fitzhugh Lee and James M.
Wilson, of the volunteer serviee'are to be
transferred to the regular army arid; put
on the retired list, and General - Shafte \
who Is now a brigadier general, retired,
in the regular army and'major general in
Special Dispatch to The . Call.
Lee and Wilson Also
Favored by Action
of Senate.
SHAFTER WILL
BE RETIRED AS
MAJOR GENERAL
In the room were two beds and between
them a narrow aisle running to the door.
Here lay the body of the girl in her night
clothes, partly under the bed, with the
head in the aisle, face downward. To
ward the rear of the room was the father.
His feet were under one bed and his head
Smoke, as if acting as a beacon to at
tract attention to the horrihle crime com
mitted, was seen issuing .from the house
shortly after 7 o'clock by Louis Magginl,
the keeper of a saloon acrpss the creek.
No attention was paid to it. as the smoke
was thought to enme from the stove.
Some time after a Mr. Elmer told Mag
gini the house must be on. fire. The two
went over to Investigate. . The partitions
and front of the house were ablaze, and
on opening the front door the bodies of
the father and daughter were seen lying
In pools of blood on the floor of an ad
joining bedroom. An alarm of fire was
turned in and. the police and Sheriff's
office notified of the tragedy. The depart
ment soon checked the flames and an in
vestigation was begun.
Tuesday morning Mrs. Stolle became so
frightened of her husband that she went
to the home of Mrs. Garvey, where she
has since remained.
Stolle and his daughter remained at the
house.
The husband evidently suspected some
thing, for that night he demanded $125
from his wife on which to leave the coun
try. She- refused to comply, but offered
him $50 if he would confess the crime to
her and leave for good. Stolle declined
the offer and repeated his threats to kill
all three/
Stolle hatched his wife and daughter
closely and whenever they went out he
followed them on a bicycle. Last Monday
Mrs. Rtolle stole away and in company
with Mrs. H. Garvey. who lives at 1122
North Tenth street, called on District
Attorney Campbell and laid the matter
before him. She was advised that it
would be better to obtain more evidence,
and it was not believed that Stolle would
carry out his murderous threat.
Stolle. who has been a resident of this
city for many years, owned a little home
on Julian street. This was occupied by the
man. his wife and his daughter Bertha, a
pretty Httlfml?s of ;.".. The reputation of
the family has not been the bent in the
neighborhood, and the daughter was con
sidered rather wild. A ehort time ago
Mrs. Stolle became convinced that the
relations between her husband and daugh
ter were not natural, and she accused her
husband. The proof was so convincing
that Stolle could not deny the matter. He
swore that if she ever reported the matter
to the District Attorney or police he
would kill the entire family and himself.
for a» criminal relation with his
own daughter. The tragedy was enacted
in a poor,- little: whitewashed, home on
North Julian streetradjoinlng the Coyote
Creek. The father. Robert B. Stolle, and
his daughter Bertha, aged 15 years, occupy
slabs In the morgue. The murder of Mrs.
Annie 'Stolle, the wife and mother, had
been also contemplated, but fear of. such
threats drove her from her home Tuesday
and she escaped the fate.
S\N JOSE, Jan. 10.— Murder, arson
and suicide were the means adopt
ed by Robert B. Stolle. a laborer,
to escape threatened prosecution
Sr>ecial 'Dispatch to Th» Call
LONDON. Jan. 10.— Six brokers and
outside speculators who engineered the
recent collapse of Lake Views, and tha
consequent downfall of sixteen firms, have
been compelled to pay over £300.000 for
the benefit of the injured firms, undt.r
threat, it la reported, of an exposure for
questionable transactions.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Men Who Caused the
Collapse of Firms
Disgorge.
SPECULATORS
AND BROKERS
REPAY MONEY
In the case of the father the Coroner's
jury returned a verdict that death re
sulted from a pistol shot inflicted by his
own hand 4 and in the girl's case that her
death was the result of a pistol shot fired
by her father, Robert B. Stolle.
A number of witnesses stated that Mrs.
Stolle was constantly receiving a great
many gentlemen visitors and she was
given a hard reputation. It was stated
that it was rumored last summer that
Mrs. Stolle during a row ha*d taken a
couple of shots at her husband, but none
of the witnesses knew it for a fact.
An inquest was held this evening upon
the .remains of ' Stolle and his daughter.
Nothing material. was brought out. Mrs.
Stolle was too ill to appear,"and her phy
sician said she was in bed suffering from
the shock. .
lie owned the house where the crime
was committed and a bank book found In
the house showed Mrs. Stolle had $215
on deposit In a. local bank.
Stolle was a # native of Germany, about
47 years of age. He had lived here
for many years, having been employed on
street work and at odd jobs of gardening.
He was a hard working and frugal man.
"We had been married for sixteen years
and had been having trouble for a long
time. My daughter would have been 15
years old on March 10."
"He told me that if I would give him
$125 he would go away. I offered him $50.
but he would not accept. After I left
the house I sent Mr. White, the awnlnj;
man. to endeavor to get the pistol away
from him.' Yesterday I rang my husband,
up on the telephone and repeated my of
fer of S30. That is all I knew about it
until you came here.
"Before I left home my husband re
peated his threats that be would kill the
whole family.
"Monday afternoon I went to the Dis
trict Attorney with Mrs. Garvey. To him
I told my story and be outlined the course
I should pursue. On Tuesday morning I
went to Mrs. Garvey's residence and I
have remained there ever since.
"For the last two ¦weeks he had not
done any work, but had been busy keeping
track of his daughter and myself.
"Several times he had flourished a pistol
and threatened to kill us both. He was
very much afraid that we would inform
the officers, and -when either of us left
the house he would follow us on hi3 bi
cycle.
"Some time ago I discovered, through
a confession from my daughter, that my
husband had been guilty of an awful of
fense, of which the girl was a victim. I
informed him of my discovery and told
him that I would have him arrested. Ha
became enraged and kept my daughter
and myself confined In the hou3e. allowing
us to have no intercourse with any of the
neighbors.
entered to the left of the nose and plowed
Its way upward Into the brain. Deafh
must have been Instantaneous.
The fire which had been kindled burned
slowly, as if an avenging fate were de
termined the facts of the crime should b»
known.
Mrs. Stolle could not be located for
some time and it was thought she, too,
had been killed and the body made away
with. She was finally found at Mrs. Gar
vey's. After her excitement had some
what subdued she made the following
Picture Published in The Call Leads to the Positive
Identification of the Missing San Francisco Gir
Who Fled From New York With the Minister
Robert B. Stolle, an Unnatural Father, Fearing Ex
posure, Ends the Wrecked Life of His Daugh
ter and Blows Out His Brains at San Jose
PEKING, Jan. 10.— The Germans will
hold a review In honor of Prince Chun,
the brother of . the Emperor, who is at
present In Peking. Prince Chun says he
does not represent the court officially, but
knows his brother's sentiments.
SHANGHAI. Jan. 10.— It is reliably re
ported that Prince Ching and Li Hung
Chang have telegraphed the newly, ap
pointed Treasurer of the province of
Chill. Chung Yu Shan, to hasten to Pe
king to assist in the negotiations.
Germans to Hold a Review Before the
Empsror's Brother.
TO HONOR PRINCE CHUN.
America Withdraws Plan for Sepa
rating 1 Demands on China.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.-The opposition
of the European powers will prevent the
consideration of the question of indemnity
and revision of commercial treaties with
China by an International commission, as
suggested by President- McKinley. In
urging that these matters be discussed by
the powers direct. Minister Conger in
formed the State Department ' that they
could be settled by the Ministers in
Peking only with the greatest difficulty.
The disinclination of the powers to accept
the proposition for the appointment of a
commission has caused the President to
withdraw it and the -Ministers In Peking
will be directed to make an effort to reach
an agreement. It is explained that the
proposition submitted by the President to
transfer the negotiations of Indemnity ami
commercial treaties to some other place
than Peking was designed to facilitate the
conclusion of negotiations as a whole by
separating those still requiring consider
able deliberation from those already de
termined. • Some of the powers did not
look with favor upon this separation and
others hesitated to decide the question.
Desiring abo've all else to avoid delay in
the progress of negotiations, the President
has directed Mr. Conger to urge their
early completion at Peking. The other
governments also have been* urgently re
quested to avoid all unnecessary delay In
completing a settlement of the Chinese
question.
YIELDS TO THE OPPOSITION.
LONDON. Jan. 10.— These dispatches
drew attention on Monday to the suspici
ous similarity in the tendency existing be
tween the official views 'emanating from
Vienna and the dispa'.cnes cabled by Eng
lish correspondents in the United Slate.;.
Another striking instance has occurred
within the last couple of days. As usual,
a unanimity of views Is manifested In the
sentiment of hostility to the American
Government. This time the State Depart
ments .proposal to reftr certain points of
the Chinese negotiations to. a commission
which would meet at Washington or else
wheie furnishes a pretext for. attacking.
The Times' " New York correspondent
sneers at the proposal in the malevolent
manner habitual with him. The Daily
Telegraph's Vienna correspondent tell=>
how the suggestion has aroused the Ir*
of Austrian diplomats against the United
States, and even the Herafd's" correspond
ent in Vienna, obviously ¦ under the spell
of Anglomania that influences Austria's
foreign policy, repeats with an air of
believing in the Dally Telegraph's state
ment that the United States may be asked
to leave the concert of the powers in
China.
Tills touching unanimity .is too pro
nounced to pass unnoticed, ' and too un
varyingly anti-American to be due to any
thing save abedionoe to a^rnot d'ordre. If
the matter wer? nrobs-1 to th<» bottom the
Issuer of that mot'iTordrc'SC^^d^priJDirbly,
prove to be the Kalsei*,* who as head of
the triple alliance and the only member of
the Anglo-German alliance whose hands
are unfettered— England being kept busy
in the Transvaal — is in a posllton to dic
tate with a fair chance of being obeyed.
His Majesty Is more concerned in shut
ting the United States out of the concert
than any one. for It Is the United States
that has thwarted his little scheme of
wholerale slaughter which was to leave
China imbued with terror of the German
Empire, while the ot'acr powers were to
be thrust into the Background as of no
account. As a matter of fact, however,
there is no concert of the powers now.
Russia has virtually withdrawn from 't
of her own free will, jneferring to mako
an Independent treaty with China.
Special Cable to The Call end New York Her
ald. Copyright. li-Gl, by the Herald Pub
lishing Comrany.
son of the Defeat of H-s Plan of
.Slaughter in China.
William of Germany Angered by Rea-
Anxious to Shut Out the
United States From
the Concert.
Foreign Attacks May
Be Inspired by
Kaiser,
HOSTILITY
TO AMERICAN
GOVERNMENT
MISS MARY HOFFMAN AND
REV. J. LE BARON JOHNSON
LEFT MONTREAL TOGETHER
MURDERS HIS DAUGHTER,
SETS FIRE TO HIS HOME
AND COMMITS SUICIDE
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JANUARY 11, 19O1.
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 42.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Lieutenant Governor Neft avers that the
attitude of Senators in the prolonged con
test for United States Senator had no
bearing whatever on his Judgment mak
ing up the standing committees of the
Senate. He further asserts that there
was no thought of Ignoring the wishes of
Governor Gage and distinctly says the
Governor made no suggestion concerning
the assignments of Senators to committee
duty.
The chickens which Governor Gage re
leased from his coop when he opened the
fight in Pcndleton's behalf will come back
to roost in the executive office. The story
1b going the rounds to-night that Alden
Anderson was slated for the "WayB and
Means Committee, but that a change was
made" In the programme at tho suggestion
of the Governor. This business of one
branch of the State government Interfer
ing with the affairs of another is any
thing but commendable, and is sure to
produce bad results. The Governor In his
preparations to sup with the Assembly
as now organized should procure a very
long spoon, for one who sups with the
Devil should be thus provided.
The Speaker of the Assembly ignored well
established precedent in the formation of
the Ways and Means Committee. In or
der to preserve the credit of the State
the Senate may be Impelled to take the
initiative In financial legislation.
The natural consequence of the blunder
In the appointment of Fisk will be to
transfer to the Senate FinanceiCommit
tee the important duties of handling the
appropriation bills. . Precedent in legisla
tive affairs constitutes the only authority
for giving to tho. Assembly the initiative in
lrgislation to provide ways" and means for
meeting the'- expense of State government.
In order to gratify mean and narrow
prejudice because they would not live up
under. the colors of Boss Kelly, John
Lynch, Jere Burke and Eddie Conroy to
the support of Pendleton for the Speaker
ship they were insulted. and igrnored. It
Is almost as Cfertain, however, as day fol
lows night "that the people at the next
election will' return these Assemblymen to
the Legislature'- by increased majorities.
The appointment of Arthur G. Fisk to
the chairmanship of the Ways and Means
Committee is 'absurd and , inexcusable.
Even the bosses who have not reached a
degree" of total depravity In politics are
inclined to apologize for the Speaker's se
lection and pass up the responsibility to
Governor; Gage, who Is. said to have sig
nified a, wish that a young man should be
chosen for the place. Kisk is without leg
islative experience.- He possesses no spe
cial capacity for the character of work
assigned to him. .If Gage wants to take
the credit ' of. Fisk's selection he will not
find any one anxious to deprive him of his
laurels .In this line. ,
CAlAs HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. Jan. 10— The taxpayers of
California to-day received an af
front from the Assembly of the
State Legislature which they will
resent at the first opportunity. At the In
stigation of small bosses and irresponsible
lightweight politicians the Speaker placed
at the head of important Assembly com
mittees inexperienced and obscure mem
bers and deliberately ignored leading men
of the* State who were returned to the leg
islature by the people in rcognition of emi
nent public service.
The insult was intended for the Assem
blymen who were ignored, but it goes to
the gTeat majority of taxpaylng: Republi
cans who voted to re-elect these Assem
blymen. Among the tried and true men
who were selected by the bosses as objects
of special derision are Joseph R, Know
land and J. A. Bliss of Alameda, J. W.
Atherton of Marln,' W. S. Meliek of Los
Angeles and G. G. Radcllff of Santa Cruz.
According to legislative precedent, to say
nothlnK of distinguished public sen'ice,
these stalwart Republican members were
entitled to be assigned to the chairman
ships of important committees, but not
one was given a leading place on any com
mittee. - . . ¦
Bosses Who; Have -Not Yet Reached the Degree
of Total Depravity Apologize and Then Shift
All the Blame to Governor Gaqe's Shoulders.
SPEAKER OF ASSEMBLY, AT DICTATION OF PETTY BOSSES, INSULTS PEOPLE OF ENTIRE
STATE BY PLACING INEXPERIENCED MEN AT THE HEADS OF COM IGNORING
THOSE WHOSE FAITHFUL SERVICES IN THE PAST ENTITLE THEM TO RECOGNITION
TELE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, ' FRIDAY, JANUARY 11, 1901.
CAI.T. HKAT>QT'ARTKRS. SACRA
MENTO. Jm. 10.— This was bill
day in the Senate, for it has netted
tie file more than one hundred
mt-asuros. ihrc*? of thorn constitu
tional amendments. There was a short,
•svranple ovrr just how tho bills would po
in and then, after it had been decided •
that each Senator should submit all tho ]
1 .ills he had when his name wa^ called on
the roll, the roll was called and the bills
tomniencfd to flow in.
There were four primary laws In the
bunch; one from Uurnett. another from
< "utter, a third from Davis and a fourth
frr,m I>evlin. Burnett's is practically the
law, minus pome of the things
that broujrht an adverse decision from the
Fuprrme Court as to its constitutionality
and with a few new features added. The
most important of the new features is a
provision for the payment of officers of
the primary elections as well as those of
the general elections and at the same rate.
l>«"vliu's bill is also based upon the main
!«»atures of the Stratton law, except that
a different test is required to ascertain
the voter's politics.
The Davis law provides this as the party
test: "The voter must be aeked by the
ballot clerk and mu^t state the name of
the party whose ticket he desires to vote.
The ballot clerk thall then, as a party
test, ask him this question and none
other: "Do you indorse the principles of
the party which you have named, accord
ing to the most recent declaration of Us
j;rincinles by the hi^'lifst authority in tha f .
party?' I'pon receiving an affirmative aji
nrcr thereto and doi otherwise he shall
be furnished the orticial ballet of that
party and permitted 14 vote thtreon; and
he Fhall not be permitted to vote any
other party ballot at that election."
Educational bills were also numerous.
Simpson submitted one to equalize the
courses of Ftudy in cities and towns and
in country districts; also to make it more
practical and less wearing- on young
pcholars. Taylor submitted a number of
bills, the result of the last biennial con
ference of County Superintendents, which
regulate various minor questions as to
the time of the appointment of teachers,
their certificates, the duties of county
boards and the length of the contracts,
one bill provi«3«rs> that -contracts with
teachers shall be pnterr-d into yearly, a
<!ause that was "bitterly opposed by the
teachers of San Francisco at the last Bes-
Mon. because it was believed it endan
gered thoir tenure of office. In the pres
ent measure?, however, it is expressly
provided that th£ yearly contract clause
shall not be operative In counties or cities
having Hoards of Education, which
places San Francisco beyond the provi
hions of the bill.
Simpson submitted a bill prohibiting the
manufacture, sale or giving away of cig
arettes.
I^eavitt submitted the report of the spe
cial committee of Senators appointed to
investigate the State Priuting Office. It
hss beea outlined In The Cull. He also
submitted a bill appropriating $Gt».000 for
new machinery, another making the State
Printer an jippoinlive. Instead of a'l elec
tive office and a third .fixing the wages
j.ald in the office, at the highest average
union wages paid on the outside.
The threo constitutional amendments
ere by I-ardner. Taylor and Cutter. Tay
lor's is that exempting State and munici
pal bonds from taxation. Cutter's pro
vides that social entertainments in
< hurchos for the benefit of the church will
not deprive them of the privileges of ex
emption from taxation. This was over
looked In the amendment adopted by the
people at the last election, and. unless it
goes through it will practically nullify the
amendment now in force.
The bills introduced in the Senate are
as follows:
By Belshaw— Ber.nte bill 1. an act directing
the State Prison I>irector» of the Btate of Cali
fornia to employ at least twenty oriBonem In
the construction and repair of roads to the
t-ttte Prison of San Quentin.
H. B. 2. an act making an appropriation to
ray the claim of the County of Marln against
the State of California.
S. B. 3, an act to amend sections I, 11 and 13
of en act entitled "An act to provide for the
inspection of dairies, factories of dairy pro
ducts, and of dairy products as to their ean
itary condition, and aa to the health of etock;
to prevent the sale of milk and the products of
milk drawn from diwa^ed ar.lmal?; to . pre
vent tbe rpread of infectious diseases common
to stock, and appropriate money therefor."
approved March 22, l&SP.
8. R 4 (by request), an act to prohibit the
felling of pools, bookmaking on any trial or
conwrt of skill, speed or power of endurance
r,f. i.y or between men. animals or machines,
or upon any chance, casualty or uncertain or
contingent event, and the maintaining of places
wherein poolsellitig; or bookmaking is carried
or., except *h«>n said pools are sold or eaj<i
(•ookmaktng i« carried on within the race track
enclosure, fair eroundu or buildings wherein
f\icl\ trial or contest of rklll, rpeed or power
cl endurance of, by or between men, animaiu
or machine* shall be had and occur, and upon
the <Jay» when euch trial* or contests actually
• ¦crur or are had; and to provide a punishment
for the violation of this act.
S. B. 5 <by request), an act to amend section
1238 of the.Code of Civil Procedure of the Btate
«t California concerning the right of eminent
<J imam.
H. B. 6 (by request), an act to amend section
«f> of an act entitled "An act to provide for
the organization, incorporation and government
of municipal corporatiorf." approved March 13
1«*3. relating to the organization. lncort»ora
tioa ar.d government of municipal corporations
Ijy Wolf— S. U. 7, an act to provide fcr the
j»Jnt investigation with the Federal Govern
r«ent of the water resources of the State and
the best method* of preserving the forests
thereof; appointing a l^ard of water and for
e*t commissioners to conduct bu^j Investigation
en behalf of the State and making appropria
tion for fxpertses of weh investigation.
P. B. *. an act to prevent !r.tu<! on creditors
t nd to provide for and regulate the pale, trans
fer or assignment of an entire f^ock or con
1 portion of a Ftook of goods, wares
r<r merchandise i" a manner otherwise than
£¦>•» ordinary CfUrse of tnuie and the regular
*r.<J UFual method* of-bu*in«*». —
liy* Bunacti— S. C S, an act adding eixtcea
new section* to the Political Code, to be num
bered consecutively 1366, 1367. 135?, 13<>9. 1370.
KT1. 1ST;. i:?:3, 1374, 1375, 1376. 1377, 137\ 1379.
I3St. and 13V1. concerning /lections, and provid
ir.p for the election of delegates to conventions
of political parties at elections known and
«l>-;-ipnat~d a.« primary elections.
S. B. !0. an act to amend section 11S6 of the
1'ilitieal Code, relating to conventions.
S. B. 11, an act to rfpeal an act entitled "An
act to create the -office of Attorney for the
Slate Board of Health and the Board of Health
of the city and county of San Francisco," ap
provfd March Si. 18*1.
Ry <^ald«e!l— P. B. 12. an act to validate cer
tain net? ami proceedings had under an act of
the Legislature of the State of California, en
titled "An act to provide for the organisation
and povernmrnt of drainage districts, for the
drainage of agricultural lands other than
swamp and overflowed lands," approved March
21. 1S&7.
P. R. • 13, an act to amend feet Ions 3, 6, 6
end 10 of aa act entitled. "An act to provide
Cor th* •crtanliation and government of drain
age districts fr-r the drainage of agricultural
lands other than swamp and overflowed lands,"
approved March 31, 1837.
Bv Corlett— K. B. 14, an act to amend eection
1 of an act approved March 20, 1839, entitled
an act to amend an act entitled an act to
amend an act approved February 28, 1SS7, en
tit k-d an act to amend an act to appropriate
money for the support of aged persons in ln
dieent circumstance* residing: in the Home of
the Veterans' Home. Association, approved
March 7. 1SS3. providing for an Increase in the
annual appropriation thereof, and changing the
time for the payment thereof, approved March
23. 1&S3. reducing- the amount of such appropri
ation per capita.
S. B. 15, an act to provide for the erection of
a modern hospital building for the Veterans'
Home located at Yountville, Napa County,
Stste of California, and appropriating money
th»refor.
g. H. 16, an act providing for the acquisition
either by purchase or by the exercise of the
power of eminent domain of a certain imall
tract of land located in the midst of the
grounds of the Veterans' Home at Yountville,
in this State, and making an appropriation
therefor.
?. H. 17, an act to amend section H01 and to
repeal section 1402 of the Civil Code of the
Slate of California, relating to bonds of execu
ton.
By Currier— S. B. IS. an act to provide for the
Inspection of illuminating oils manufactured
from wtroleum or coal oils.
S. B. 19, -in act to regulate the sale of com
mercial fertilizers or materials used for manor
ial purpose*, and to provide penalties for the
infraction thereof and means for the enforce
m*nt of the act.
By Cutter— S. B. 20, an act to carry Into ef
fect the provisions of section Hfc of Article II
of the constitution, concerning prtmary elec
tions, by repealing sections 1188, US", 1189, 1192.
11S3 and 13S7 to 12S0. both inclusive, of the Po
litical Code, and in lieu thereof.
S. B. 21. an act to divide the State into leg
islative districts and to provide for. the elec
tion of Senators and Assemblymen therein.
S. B. 22, an act to amend sections 328. 352,
2j7 and 3^8 of an act entitled "an act to es
tablish a code of civil procedure", approved
March 11, 1872, relating to the time of com
mencing actions and to repeal all acts and
partS of acts inconsistent with this act.
S. B. 23, an act exempting from taxation a
portion of the property held In trust for the
benefit of the Inland Stanford Jr. University.
S. B. 24. an act granting to the trustees of
the Iceland Stanford Jr. University corporate
ixjwers and privileges.
F. B. 25,. an act to provide for quieting and
confirmation of titles to real property.
S. B. 26, an act to appropriate . the sum of
J4.">4 S3 to pay the claims* and expenses of cer
tain battalion offictrs and officers and men of
Companies H arid' D. Second Infantry Regi
ment. X. G. C, for active service rendered in
defending prisoners from mob in the Colusa
County Jail In August. 1897.
P. B. 27, an act to prevent the sale of raw
materials and the manufacture in penal insti
tutions in the State of California of any ar
ticle of commerce other than Jute bags, cut
etone for arches and bridges and culverts for
State highways, county or district roads, bro
ken etone for State and county roads, streets,
lanes, allc-ys and courts of cities and towns
and articles consumed In State Institutions,
and to provide for the sale thereof at actual
cost of production.
By Davis— B. B. 2%, an act adding fourteen
sections to the Political Code, to be numbered
1SE7 to 1370, both inclusive, pertaining to pri
mary elections, providing for and regulating
the election of delegates thereat to nominating
conventions in certain counties and the cities
and the city and county of San Francisco.
P. B. 29. an act adding a section to the Poli
tical Code, to be numbered 1171. relating to the
submission to popular vote and adoption In cer
tain counties and cities and in all towns, of the
provisions of sections 1357 to 1370. both ln
c!uei\-e, of the Political Code, requiring the
election of delegates to nominating conven
tions at primary election*.
S. B. 30. a:i act repealing sections 1357 to 18*3
of the Political Code, relating to primary elec
tions.
S B. 31. an act amending section 1119 of the
Political Code, relating to the registration of
voter* for primary elections. '
S. B. 32. an act to amend eection 11S8 «f the
Political Code, relating to^ conventions.
8. B. 33, an act adding a section to the Politi
cal Code, to be numbered 1166H. relating to
party conventions.
S. B. SI. an act to amend section 1188 of the
Political Code, pertaining to the nomination
of candidates for public office by petition.
S. B. S3. an act to amend an act entitled "An
act to establish a Penal Code," approved Feb
ruary 14. 1S72, byadding a new section thereto,
to be known «¦ section 59S.
8. B. 36. an act to amend an act entitled "An
act to establish a Code of Civil Procedure," ap
proved March 11. 1R72, by amending section 1238
thereof.
S. B. 37. an act appropriating money for im
provements and repairs on the laundry at the
Preston School of Industry.
fi. B. 38, en ect appropriating money for the
purchase of lumber and fencing material for
; the une of. the Preston School of Industry.
S. B. 39. an act to amend^6ectlom 470 of the
Political Code of the State of California relat
lne to the duties of the Attorney General
! By r>evlin-r-S. B. -W. an .act to amend we
tlona 13C6, 1367. 12«& 13C9. 1370. 1371, 1373 " 137S '
1374. 1373. 1176. 1377.137?. 1373. 1380 of the Politi
cal Code of the State of California and to add
seven new sections thereto to be numbered re-
Rj*>etively sections 1JR1, 13X2, 13S3, 13S4, 13844
1384 1-3 and 13M 1 .*. providing for the election of
.irl.catPs to convention* of political parties at
elections known and designated as primary
i elections.
S. B. 41, an act to amend the Civil Code of
this State by. adding four new sections thereto
to be known as sections 1314, 1215 1316 and'
131C.4.. relating to depositing wills, with the'
County Record?- trtovl&'.nE how the same shall
SENATORS COME FORWARD
WITH LONG LIST5 OF BILLS
As the Roll Is Called Each Statesman Presents Meas
ures He Hopes to See Become Laws.
Stops the Cough
And works off the cold. Laxative Bromo Qui
nine Tablets cure a cold In one day Vo rv™
No Pay. Price 25 cents. '. * u *-%*•
CUTTER INTRODUCES
APPORTIONMENT BILI,
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. Jan. ilO.— Cutter's bill for the ap
portionment of the State into Assembly
and Senatorial districts was Introduced
in the Senate with the tirst indication of
bills "to-day. The bill has made no at
tempt to provide apportionment for San
Francisco, Alamedn. or Los Angeles.
These will be left to the delegations
from those counties and the apportion
ment which they decide on will be insert
ed . in the bill ts committee amendments.
The fights over the bill will be in these
places, and it was deemed wisest to let
each of the counties mentioned fight the
matter themselves to an agreement and
on pages 31. 32 and 33 of the Journal, be re
ferred to the Committee on State Hospitals and
A The I subdivislon entitled "Judgments Against
the State," on page 25 of the Journal, be re
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
The subdivision entitled "The Paris Exposi
tion Commission." on page 35 of the Journal.'
be referred to. the Committee on Commissions
and Public Expenditures.
CALL. KEADQTTARTKRS. SAC
RAMENTO, Jan. 10.— The an
nouncement by Speaker Pendlc
ton of his standing committees
aroused the Assembly this after
ncon from the lethargy into ¦which the
non-activity of the week had thrown it.
Members sat listening intently while
Clerk Lloyd read through the list, #ind
when he had completed and the Assem
bly had adjourned the sole topic of con
versation was the character of the com
binations into committees made by the
Speaker in his already famous all night
conferences with John C. Lynch, Jere
Burke and Eddie Conroy.
Kelly's most pliant tools in the Assem
bly were delighted with the result. Al
den Anderson's supporters In the Speak
ershlp fight were not disappointed— they
expected nothing and got nothing. The
members who yielded to pressure from
various sources and voted for Pendleton.
more or less under protest, now Baw the
first sheaves of the harvest of what they
had sown, were disappointed in the com
mittees and alarmed for the future. Few
could be found who would assert that
the choice of Fisk for chairman of the
..ays and Means Committee was any
thing but the shameless carrying out of
a bargain and preparation for boss con
trol of the State's purse-strings. None
but the bosses and tneir tools lind cauw
for^atisfaction in the appointment of a
new and untried member to the chair
manship of the most important of all thj
committees.
It is significant that Broughton, tho
Los Angeles running mate of the Speake*.
i.s made chairman of the Committee on
Corporations, where cinch bills are made
or .stopped. The Committee on Com
merce and Navigation is headed by
Brady of San Francisco — "Colonel" Brady
of the tenderloin district— and Kelly ruos
his hands in glee.
Franklin of San Francisco— "Kelly's
own," who sneezes when the boss takes
snuff and is proud to do it— is chairman of
the Committee on engrossment and En
rollment.
Numerous others in i the list of chair
men are distinguished! chiefly for lack of
fitness for anything Jn general, and in
particular of the leadership accorded
them. A number of the ablest member.-,
the men who have made the best records
in past sessions, were ignored by the
Speaker.
Meliek gets nothing but places on three
unimportant committees. Knowland,
chairman last session of the important
Commerce and Navigation Committee. l*»
not even given a place upon it this time.
Atherton of Marln i.s not placed on
either the' Dairies and Dairy Products
Committee or the State Prisons and Re
formatory Institutions Committee, though
ho was entitled to U»e chairmanship of
one and membership on the other.
Anderson of Solano is made chairman of
the Committee on Commissions and Pub
lic Expenditures.
The San Francisco delegation, Kelly s
nucleus got a chairmanship for each man
and yet Is not satlshed. Collins is dis
gusted because he gets an unimportant
chairmanship instead of Brady's chance
on • the Commerce and Navication Com-
Brown, Guilfoyle. Evatt. Hourigan and
Henry say little, but contemplate with
poorly concealed disgust the reward giv
en to Fisk and Bradv for the services of
the bunch. Macbeth, Bauer, Treadwell
and Knight have already quit training
with the others and now that a new ele
ment of discord has arisen the "solid
fourteen" seems completely disrupted.
The morning session was very brief.
The joint resolution, introduced in the
Senate yesterday, thanking the members
of the State Relief Committee for the
Galveston sufferers, was introduced by
Kelley and adopted. The report of tho
Committee on Mileage was adopted. Ad
journment was taken to < p. m. to permit
the Speaker to finish making: out his
standins committees.
The special committee appointed to seg
regate the different portions of the Gov
ernor's message presented its report at
the afternoon cession. According to rec
ommendations, the bubonic plague section
was referred to the Committee on Fed
eral Relations. All matters referring to
the University of California, including
the subdivision treatv of Stanford Uni
versity, were referred to a SDeclal com
mittee to be "appointed for that purpose,
and the sections on "primary law" to lha
Committee on Elections. Ten other seg
regations were assigned to various com
""a resolution offered bv x^evlnson. ap
pointing a stenographer for the Demo
cratic minority, was vigorously opposed
by Cowan, Sutro, Sheridan and Feliz, but
other Democrats, notably Kincald and
Schlesinger. were in favor of grabbing up
any plums that the Republicans allowed
to drop among them. The magnanimous
majority gave them the stenographer.
The committees in full are:
Agriculture— Ptewart of San Diego (chair
man), Hanen, Walker, Hourigan, Hlgby, Wil
liams, Kincald.
Attaches and Employes — Brown of San Fran
cisco (chairman), Bliss, Henry. Broughton,
M'-LauKhUn.
Banks and Banking — Barnes (chairman),
Knowland, Macbeth, Savage. Cowan.
Census and Apportionment — Carter (ch&lr
irun), Bchilllg. Greer. Hlgby. Knight. Ralston.
Knowland. Gans. James. Miller, Irving.
Claims— Henry (chaJrman), Foster. Stewart
of Amador. Hourigan. Mattes, Simpson, Sheri
dan.
Commerce and Navigation — Brady (chair
man), McXell. Barnes. Kelley. RadcllfT. Brown
of San Francisco, Collins of San Francisco.
McLaughlin, Reeber.
Commissions and Public Expenditures—An
derson of Solano (chairman), Hasson. Brady.
Treadwell, Melick. Bliss Irving.
Contested Elections— Gullfoyle (chairman).
Savage, Gans, Brown of San Francisco. Mo-
Wade, Schlesinger, McLaughlin.
Corporations — Broughton (chairman). Web
ber. Ralston. Anderson of Solano. Schlllig. Mc-
Neil, Gullfoyle, Schlesinger. McLaughlin.
Counties and County Boundaries— Cromwell
(chairamn). Bliss. MUlce, Collins of Bntte.
Fella.
County and Township Governments— McWade
(chairman). Brown of Saa Mateo. Bennink.
Rutherford. Webber. Stewart of ?«a Diego,
Bauer, Collins of San Francisco, Gans, Roberta,
Ltvinfon. Laird. Haley.
Dairies and Dairy Products— Myers (chair
man), Roberts, Hlgby. Stewart of San Diego,
Kacson, John, Chandler, Chiles, Kincaid.
Election Laws— Macbeth (coairm&n), Rad
cliff. Carter. Merritt. Kelley. Simpson. Sheri
dan.
Education— Gans (chairman), Foster. Hanen.
John, Rutherford, 8utro, Wright
Engrossment and Enrollment — Franklin
(chairman). Anderson of Santa Clara, Berry.
Clarke Mattos. Chiles, Reeber:
Fruit and Vine Interests— McXell (chairman),
Anderson of Solano, Bennink, Chandler, Crom
well, Williams. Levlnson.
Fish and Game— Collins of Butt* (chairman),
McNeil, Hlgby, Andenon of. Santa Clara,
Brown of San Francisco. Williams, Sutro.
Federal Relations— Knight (chairman), Know
land, Melick Broughton. Miller.
• Irrigation— MUlce (chairman). Meliek, Rad
cltffe, Myers, Barnes, Atherton, Chandler.
Haley, Ray.
Judiciary — Johnson (chairman), Knfjht.
Brown of San Mateo, Dunlap. Gans. Car
ter, Collins of Butte. Cromwell. Macbeth.
Savage, Clarke, Webber, Myers. McWade.
ItMuer Fisk, James. Cowan. Laird, Sheridan,
Felix.
Eabo:» and Capital— Hourigan (chairman).
Guilfoyle. Anderson of Fanta Clara. Duryea,
Stewart of San Diego Miller. James.
Manufactures and Internal Improvements—
Putler (chairman), Knowland. Dunlap, Kanen,
A therton. Chiles. Irving.
Mileage — Evatt (chairman). Walker, Mattos,
Irish. Hubbard..
Military Affairs— Bennink (chairman), Mlllce,
Anderson of Santa Clara, Clarke, Irish. Cowan,
Cavagnaro.
Mines and Mining Interests— Ralston (chair
man). Irish. Duryea. . Rutherford. l Stewart of
Amador. Chandler. Hubbard, Ray. Lain!.
Munic'pa.1 Corporations — Savage (chairman),
Fljsk. Walker. McWade. Macbeth, Cowan.
James.
Public Buildings and Grounds— Rutherford
(chairman). Barnes. Hourigan. John. Foster.
Knight. Butler. Collins of Butte. Re«ber. Mc-
Laughlin, Fellz.
Public Health and Quarantine— Hasson
(chairman), Foster. Franklin, Hourigan, Evatt.
Cavamaro, Kincald.
Public I^ands and Forestry— John (chairman).
Has-son. Myers, Bower. Laird.
Public Morals— Webber (chairman). Knight.
McNeil, McWade, Brady. Savage, Johnson.
Slrr.pson, Ray.
Public Printing— Kelley (chairman). Dunlai\
Fisk. Henry, Butler, Sheridan. Kincaid.
Public Works— State Capitol and .Parks—Col
lins of San Franci3co (chairman). Evatt. But
ler. Bliss. Atherton. Wright. Levlnson.
Revision and Reform of Laws— Tread well
(chairman), Mattos, Duryea, Clarke. Brough
lon, Stewart of Amador, Schlllig, Irish, Schies
inger. Sutro. Wright.
Roads and Highways— Merritt (chairman),
Greer. Carter. Collins of Butte. Berry, Mat to*.
Stewart of Amador, Clarke. Ray, Haley, Wil
liams.
Rules and Regulations— Dunlap (chairman),
Johnson. Ralston. Pchlesinger. Mr. Speaker.
State Hospitals and Asylums — Schlllig <chalr
man), Bennink. Webber, Dunlap, Radcllff,
Macbeth. Henry. Gullfoyle. Miller. Cowan
Wright.
State Llbrary-«auer «cDa»rman), Walker.
Treadwell. M ellc k, Levlnson.
State Prisons and Reformatory Institutions-
Irish (chairman). Savage, Brady, Brown of
San Mateo, Merritt. Evatt. Franklin. Schlea
inger. Simpson.
Swamp and Overflowed Lands and River Im
provements — Greer (chairman), Radcllff. Mer
ritt. Cromwell. Milice. Berry, Haley. Reeber.
Sutro.
Immigration — Roberts (chairman). Atherton.
Berry, Brown of San Mateo. Collins of San
Francisco, Brady, Hanen. Cavagnaro. Hubbard.
Ways and Means— Flsk (chairman). Anderson
of Solano. Carter. Schlllig. Roberts. Kelley.
Greer. Ralston. James. Cowan. Laird.
S.K.. i .. : .. i .. ; .. i .t.. :i r ; i : i i ini-H-H-M-fre
then accept what each delegation had
agreed upon.
Although it does not describe their dis
tricts, the bill gives San Francisco the
full complement of nine Senators which
to some extent relieves the apprehension
of the San Francisco delegation over the
rumor that one of the city Senators would
be taken away.
Cutter, chairman of the Apportionment
Committee, will call the committee to
gether tn a few days and the bill will be
considered.
CALLS FOB A LEPEB
SETTLEMENT ON MOI/JKA1
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 10.— A resolution
was Introduced In the Senate by Senator
.Welch calling upon Ctnigress to establish
on the island of Molokni a. settlement fir
all lepers who mipht be discovered In th«
territory within the Jurisdiction of tra
United States^ • • °
Pliant Tools of the Politician Are Delighted and
Those Who Expected Nothing Get Nothing.
PLUMS DROP INTO THE LAPS
OF BOSS KELLY'S HENCHMEN
S. B. 44, an act amending the Cod?
of Civil Procedure of the. State .of Cali
fornia by adding a new section thereto, . to be
numbered section 1SC4, relating to proof of
payments by municipal corjx>ratlon. .•• :
S. B. 45, an act making an appropriation' to
pay the claim of the city of Sacramento for
water furnished the State of California- during
the forty-ninth and fiftieth fiscal years.
S. B. 46, an act to amend the Code of "Civil
IVocedure of this State by adding one new sec
tion thereto to be numbered section 1975, relat
ing to the proof of proceedings of municipal
corporations.
By Devlin— SV' B. 49, appropriating J5000 to
pay deficiency, etc., in appropriation for sta
t;onery. etc., for the fiftieth fiscal year.
S. B. 00, providing for the purchase of real
property known as Agricultural Park.
• S. B. 51, providing for the construction of a
State highway from Sacramento City to Fol
som, and appropriating $35,C00 for the pur
rose.
By Laird— S. B. 62. appropriating $258 73 to
pay the claim of Modoc County for closing
delinquent purchase of State school land.'.
S. B. S3, amending section 2023 of the Code
of Civil Procedure.
By Lardner— S. B. 54, amending sections 1632.
1543, 1545. 1549. 1551. lf,52. 1553. 1560. 1561. 1564,
1565. 1577, 1578. 1581. Iii83, 1593, 1615, 1617, 1621,
1622. 1623, 1&0, 1667. 1697, 1713. 1714, 1768. 1817.
1818, 1819. 1830, 1858, 1875 and 18S2 of the Political
Code relating to the public schools.
By Leavltt— S. B. 65, authorizing the Attor
ney General to appoint a clerk In addition to
the number now allowed by law.
5. B. 56, amending section 630 of the Political
Code, relating to the office of Superintendent
of State Printing.
By Luchslnger— 8. B. 37,. amending section 631
of the Political Code, relating to the duties and
fiuelificatlons of the Superintendent of the
btate Printing Office.
6. B. 58, appropriating J60.000 to purchase Im
proved machinery for the State printing office.
S. B. 69, amending sections 1637 and 1638 of
chapter III. title III.. part III of the Political
Cede, concerning school census marshals.
S. B. 60. amending the collateral Inheritance
tax.
By LuVens— S. B. 61, creating a State Board
of Charities. : :"/
S. B. 62. appropriating $2343 75 to pay the
claim of the Pacific Coat-t Steamship Company
against the State of California,
S. B. 63, amending section 739 of the Political
Code, concerning salaries of Supreme Court
officers.
By Maggard— S. B. 64, making an appropria
tion to pay expenses incurred at the State For
estry Station at Chico.
S. B. ("•¦">. relating to life, health and ac
cident insurance on the assessment plan.
By Muenter — S. ¦¦ B. 66, amending section 1261 ;
of the Political Code, concerning election re
turaine boards.
S. B. 67, amending section 343 of the Penal
Code.
S. B. 68. making sections 339. 342, 343 of the
Penal Code apply to Junk dealers. . .
S. . B. 6», amending section 333 of the Penal
Code. • »'. •_ • i . - . . ¦¦ ' '
8. B. 70." amending section 600 of»the : Penal
Code. : ' : ' " .-' - . ¦ ¦..
" F.' B. 71, making the destruction of . property
under $25 in value a misdemeanor. 7 '
• 8. B. 72, amending eection 6S6 of the Penal'
Code. /
8. B. 73. adding a new section to the Political
Code, making corporations capable of- coin
tnlting crimes In the same manner as natural
persons.
P. B. 74, amending section 60 of the Political ;
Code, concerning rights and duties of citizens. \
. S. B. 73, amending section 487 of. the Political .!
Code." concerning Surveyor ¦ General's > bond. B**
S. B. 7G, appropriating JCOQQ to. build a cori-'
be kept by him. how the same shall be delivered
and how the same shall be opened.
S. B. 42, an act to add a new section to the
Penal Code to be numtxyed 499%, relating; to
the stealing of electric current and the Injuring
of electric wires or appliances and providing
the punishment therefor. ' •
S. B. 43. an act to add a new section to the
Code of Civil Procedure of this State, to be
numbered section 1S76,' relating to the proofs
of ordinances of cities, counties and cities and
counties. Bill read first time and referred to
Committee on Judiciary.
orete >i'de walki at the Stockton Hospital fJr
the Ipsan<\ : ' - .'¦'¦¦ ' ,. '" • ",.',¦*
S. B./, 77, amending section 11 of the bank
commissioners act of 1*78. . ';.,-.
S. B,: 78; repealing the 1 bank .commissioners
act of 1S78. .... ; • , . •
S. B. 73, repealing the Department of High
ways act OtVBBfcfe
8. IJ. 80, .amending section 13C5 of the Code
of Civil Procedure/ concerning specific legacies.
S. B. 81, amending section 1367 of the Code of
Civil Proccilnre. • concerning: wills.
S. B. 82, providing for . the' maintenance In
certain cjsps r.f /indigent persons.
By Rowfllr-S. B. 83. establishing a t« on
Inheritance, 7>e<iU(;Bts and devices, to provide for
its collection.' .and providing that money thus
collected shulrbe turned over. to the University
of California. . ' ,
S; U. 84, levying feos on' corporations of other
States and foreign countries 'and giving the
proceeds to , the ¦University- of California.
i S. B. 85, amending subdivision 2 of section
416 of the Political Code, increasing the fees
for filing articles of Incorporation, and provid
ing for tho turning over of the proceeds to the
University of ' California. ' ¦
P. B. 80, placing a fee; of. '$3 on granting
naturalization, the money' to % be turned over
to the University of California.
By Selvage— S. B. 87, repealing the act of
1S74 to declare linker Earl, Del Norte County,
navigable. . - .'
S. B. 88, amending sections 2568, 2570. 2571,
f.nd repealing section 2369 and adding two sec
tions to the 'Political Code, all relative to the
Harbor Commissioners of the port of Eureka.
By Shortridge— S. B. 89, appropriating $30,000
for the construction of a freo wagon road from
Mount Hamilton Observatory to the San Joa
quin River.
i By Simpson— S. B. 90, amending section 1685
and repealing section 166 of the* Political Code
relating to public schools.
By Sims-S. B. 91, regulating the distribution
of cigarettes. . ti-s
8. B. 92, amending section 3771 of Political
Code.
S. B. 93, amending section 3807 of Political
Code.
S. B. 94, amending section 3884 of Political
Code.
S. B. 85, amending section 3899 of Political
Code.
S. B. .96, amending section 3629 of Political
Code. .
S. B. 97, amending section 3632 of Political
Code.
S. B. 93, amending section 3649 of Political
Code. .' - .
: S. B. 99, amending section 3718 of Political
Code. ' - "
S. B. .92 to 9i>, • Inclusive, concern, the as
sessment-of property. . - •
S. B. 100, amending section 3638 of Political
Code. -,-..-:.. . . . ... .... .
. By Smith of Kern — S. B. 101. establishing a
polytechnic school In the county of San Luis
Oblspo and appropriating the sum of $50,000
for the purpose...
S. B. 102, ' appropriating $9063 to pay deficiency
In appropriation for transporting Insane and
.feeble-minded children..
. S. B. 103, amending section 1170 of the Penal
Code, relating ".to- the exceptions that may be
taken ? by the ' defendant on the trial of an
indictment' or Information. ¦
S. B. 104, amending section 735 of the Political
Code relating to the salaries of Superior Judges.
By Smith of Los Angeles— S. B. 105. prescrib
ing the manned of locating mining claims.
'8.-B. lCfi. amending the Vrooman act. .
* • S. ;B.' 107, empowering Boards of Supervisors
to levy a special tax for the purpose of dis
playing the •- products and • " Industries of the
crunty. "The : fund thus raised is limited to
$IO.WiO. The- totaV'tax levied for such pur
poses shall . not . exceed . two cents on the hun
dred dollars. ln - any one year.
." B.v Taylor— S.B. 108. appropriating $10,000 for
improvements • at the State Normal School at
Lob Angeles. - ¦ , ¦
S. H. ins, to enforce the educational rights of
children,'- ¦¦>-¦. ' •
S. H. lift, making it unlawful In certain cases
to employ, children under the age of 14 years.
S. U. Ill, localizing the establishment of high
schools L' Ti 'nt:J'rfjtiT5jh"rtfj 11| jgP B ' |[| win ftltoMPi'jl'i >i
' 'P., B. 112,: relating to the meetlngof high
school ' boards. '.? '" '¦'¦
• The subdivisions enytled\ "State Hospitals
for- the • Insane." . "Fwmale Physicians Ap
pointed."'"Private-Asylums for . Insane ami
Feeble-Minded ¦ Persons," ; "Deportation' of
Japanese" and. "Quarantine Against the Insane
from Other States and from Other Countries,"
The subdivisions entitled "extreme danger
from the • Importation and handling of plague
bacilli" on page 20, "extension of powers and
duties of the State Board of- Health" on page
21, and "legislation against false reports nec
essary" on pages 21 and 22 of the Journal, be
referred to the Committee on Public Health
and Quarantine. - ¦ •
The subdivision entitled the "passage of
Iaw3~for the "Improvement of the San Fran
cisco harbor at the extra" session of 1900." on
pages 22 to 23, inclusive, of the Journal, b<?
referred to the Committee on Commerce and
Navigation. - . < :
All matters pertaining to the subject of the
University of California, including the sub
division referring to the Leland Stanford Jr.
University, commencing on page 23 and ending
on page 27 of the Journal, be referred to a
special committee to be appointed for that
purpose.
The subdivision entitled "Primary Law," on
page 28 of the Journal, be referred to the Com
mittee on Elections.
The subdivisions entitled "Pardons. Reprieves
and Commutations." on page 33: "Whlttier
State School," page 28: "Death Penalty for Life
Convicts Feloniously Assaulting Any Person In
the State Prisons," "Number of State Prison
ers,'.' '.'Powers of the State Prison Directors In
Paroling Prisoners * Should be Extended," on
pages 33. 34 and 35 of the Journal, be referred
to the • Committee on. State Prisons and Re
formatory Institutions.. ,
¦ The subdivision entitled "The National Guard
of California," on page — of the Journal, be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The subdivision entitled "Debris Commission"
on page 31 of the Journal be referred to the
Committee on Mines and .Mining. .-¦'.
The subdivision entitled "bubonic plague
scare." on pages 17 to 1?, inclusive, and the
subdivision entitled "California war claims"
on page 35 of the Journal, be referred to the
Committee on Federal Relations.
The subdivision entitled "necessity for the
exclusion of Chinese 'and Japanese laborers."
on page 16 of the- Journal, be referred to the
Committee on Immigration.
The subject matter embraced In the subdi
visions "present need for economy" and "con
stitutional amendments," on page 15 of the
Journal, "abolition of the office of commis
sioner" and "for the promotion of uniformity of
legislation In the United States," on page 27.
"Inventory of State property", on pages 27 and
23, "scandals In State dental and pharmacy
boards" on pages 2S and 29. ar-Ct "claims of
counties against the State" on pages 30 and
31 of the Journal, be referred to the Committee
on Judiciary. ¦
SACRAMENTO. Jan. !<).— The commit
tee appointed for the purpose of segre
gating: the different portions of the Gov
ernor's message and referring the subject
matter contained therein to the appropri
ate committees reported as follows:
COMMITTEE REPORTS
ON GOVERNOR'S MESSAGE
"By Curtln— S. B. 134. providing for the pro
tection of persons employed in mines.
¦ By 1-iO.lrd— Senate bill 133, to repeal the phar
macy act of 1991.
¦ ?
R. B. 131. tame title.
S. B. 132, changing and permanently locating
the boundary line between the counties of
Plumas and Tehama.
By Cutter— S. B. 133, repealing the purity of
election law of 1S93.
By Tyrrell— S. B. 126, providing for the ap
pointment of a Debris Commissioner, and ap
propriating $250,000 to bo spent under his di
rection.
8. B. 127. amending section 2756 of the Civil
Code, relating to fire insurance.
S. B. 128.' same title.
S. B. 129. same title.
S. B. 130, sp.me title.
8. B. 124. amending chapter III of title II of
the Code of Civil Procedure by adding a new
section to be known as section 349. This meas
ure anjen<?s the law to conform with that pra
posed !n Senate bill 12«.
S. ¦ B. 125, providing for local lmpiove
ments upon streets, alleys, lanes, courts',
places and sidewalks, and for the construction
of sewers within municipalities.
S. B. 1?3, authorizing the 'Incurring of In
debtedness by cities, towns and municipal
corporations for municipal Improvements and
regulating the acquisition, construction and
completion thereof.
S. B. 122, amending: section 862 of an act
entitled, "An act to provide for the organiza
tion. Incorporation and government of muni
cipal corporations," approved March 13, 1S83.
"S. B. 120. providing: for the levy of a special
tav for specific public Improvements within
municipalities.
S B. 121, amending section 147 of the Penal
Code.
S. B. 119, to amend Section 16 of an act en
titled, {"An act to provide for the formation,
government, operation and dissolution of sani-
8. B. 117, appropriating IS111 15 to pay the
claim of Jose Ramon Tlco.
tary districts."
S. B. 118. to amend section 3S05 of the Politi
cal Code, concerning? property taxes.
S. B. 116, validating proceedings for the re
organization of municipal corporations taken
since the passage of the municipal corporation
S. B. 114. providing for the establishment and
maintenance of public libraries within muni
cipalities.
S. B. 115, making the crime of slander a mis
demeanor.
S. B. 113. providing for the protection of wild
bird?, their eiatsrs and nests.
2
CALL CARTOONIST'S IMPRESSION OF .SOME OF THE
STATESMEN.,., .. . ,;•Turns State's Evidence.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 10.— George Trum
bull, accused with James Heffner of hav
ing on the night of September 1* knocked
<3own and robbed William Evison, turned
State's evidence to-day during the trial of
H^ffner and made a full confession. Trum
bull was convicted October 20, but sen
tence has been postponed from day to day,
evidently in anticipation of to-day's de
nouement. His testimony insures the con
viction of Heffner.
Tulare's Exhibit to Be Moved.
VISALIA. Jan. 10.— The Tulare County
Board of Supervisors to-day rescinded the
crder issued several months ago appropri
ating $15 per month to the State Board of
Trade at San Francisco on account of,
Tulare County's fruit exhibit there. The
rxhibit will be withdrawn and placed in
the Chamber of Commerce building at
I-os Angeles. An appropriation will be
made to the southern metropolis to sus
tain Tulare County's fruit display there.
Will Enlarge Packing Plant.
WOODLAND, Jan. 10.— G. A. Blackburn,
manager of the Guggenheim packing es
tahlifchment, has gone East on a business
i rip. As soon as he returns the work of
«-nfarg1n»r the plant will be commenced.
A branch plar.t will also be constructed
lit College City.
Ellmore Springs a Leak.
Bullet Ends His Life.
TTLLAMOOK. Or.. Jan. 10.— The steamer
Eue Ellmore, which left Tlllamook Bay
to-day for Astoria with a cargo of canned
etdtnon. Fprung a. leak off Necarnie Moun
tain and put back. Her cargo is being
Unloaded.
PAN DIEGO. Jan- 10.— Alfred G. Taylor,
who came here four years ago from Penn
sylvania, shot himself this morning at his
father's home near this city while tem
porarily Insane.^ The bullet entered his
h< ad just over the right temple and death
was Instantaneous.
BRITISH COLUMBIA IS -
VISITED BY SNOWFALL
Entire Mainland Snowbound, a Most
Unusual Occurrence.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Jan. 10.— The en
tire mainland of British Columbia is
enowbound. Such a condition Is not un
usual in the Rocky Mountains during the
winter, but is quite exceptional along the
coast, where there is rarely more than an
inch or two of snow two or three days
throughout the entire winter!
Snow began falling ten days ago and has
continued intermittently ever since. The
snow is now about three feet deep on the
level on the streets. Snow plows and
gangs of men with shovels have been con
stantly employed endeavoring to keep
clear the tracks of the electric trams, but
even with these efforts it has been impos
sible to give the usual service. Despite
the unfavorable conditions, the trains of
the Canadian Pacific Company have con
tinued to run on schedule time. To-day
the storm began again with renewed vigor
and snow fell the greater part of the day.
A storni broke this morning from the
east.
The steamer Joan, from Nana!mo, and
other coast vessels were late, reporting
exceedingly rough weather in the Gu!f of
Georgia. Smaller steamers are all now
snowbound.
Novel Insurance Case.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 10.— A novel case |
was taken under advisement te-day by
Judge Angellbtti. F. D. Knight, a con- S
tractor, last year erected a $lG.O00 • house )
for Edward Crisp at Corte Madera. Be
fore the -building was accepted by Crisp
it burr.Qd down. Mr. Crisp had previ- \
ously had it insured. Contractor Knight i
claimed the insurance and secured an in- '
junction to prevent its being collected by
Crlsp. The decision in this case will de
termine who shall get the money.
_:
Gas and Electric Company.
WOODLAND, Dec lO.-Artlcles of Incor
poration of the Woodland Electric and I
Gas Company will be filed for record on |
Friday. The company proposes to supply |
the people of Woodland and vicinity with I
electric current furnished by the Bay I
Counties Power Company. The latter
company has already built the loop within
the city limits of Woodland.
The Woodland Electric and Gas Com
pany will be organized with a capital
stock of $100,000. The principal place of
business will be "Woodland.
Invitation to McKinley.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 10.— At a meeting of «
the Board of Trade last evening the pres
ident and secretary were Instructed to
formulate an invitation to President Mc-
Klnley to visit Santa Cruz. Hon. W. T.
Jeter. C. J. Lincoln and A. A. Morey were
appointed on the cbmmlttee with the
president and secretary of the Board . of
Trade.
Desire Automobile Factory.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 10.— Good induce
ments are offered for the; location of. the
proposed automobile' f&ctory here. About
$7000. has already been^ubscrlbed as a bo
nus.- Only $3000 more- Is needed and -it Is
thought that in a few days this will be
secured.
?
For Odd Fellows' Home.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan, 10.— A strong, effort
Is being made here to have the proposed
Odd \ Fellows' Home ' built here. - A', com-'
mlttee" has " been Invited ;to • Inspect this
locality. A: site of twenty-five ; acres; will ¦
be given to the order, for that purpose. 1
PLATf TO INCREASE THE
SII/VEB, SUPPLY OF MEXICO
Producers of the White Metal "Will
Be Offered Liberal Inducements
to Mint It.
AUSTIN, Tex., Jan. 10.— A dispatch
from Monterey, Mexico, says: Bankers of
Monterey have been authoritatively In
formed that President Diaz and Minister
ef Finance Limantour have decided upon
a slan to increase the silver supply of
Mexico by offering important Inducemente
to the silver producers of the country to
have their product minted. The details
pf th!e plan have not yet been made pub
lic, but It is expected to relieve the ex
isting money stringency soon after being
placed in operation. It is asserted that
the specie reserves of the banks in Mex
ico aggregate $50,000,000. and that these re
rerves will be largely increased under the
cperatlon of the plan proposed by Presi
dent Diaz and Minister of Finance Liman
tour.
Forfeit Salvage Claims.
BAN RAFAEL. Jan. lO.-The industrious
farmers who risked their lives in the surf
collecting bundles of shingles that washed
from the stranded steamer Iaqua will
in all probability, have their treasure ta
ken from them. To-day agents of the
owner* of the cargo cf the ill-fated ves
sel were at Bolinas ascertai.iinj? who got
Fhingies and where they put them. It is
raid that If the men had not carried the
rhingles away, but had left them on the
beach, they could collect salvage upon
them. In carrying them away, however
the owners claim that the salvers lost all
claim to reward.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.— The general
debate on the river a^sd harbor bill con
tinued in the House until 4 o'clock, when
the death of Representative Clarke of
New Hampshire was announced and the
House adjourned out cf respect to his
memory.
The feattires of the debate to-day were
the speeches of Cushman of Washington
and Hepburn of Iowa, The latter his
been a persistent opponent of river and
harbor bills for year«, and he attacked
the bill all along the line in his usualiy
vigorous fashion.
Cushman's speech was unique fn many
Ttarticulars. He was in favor of river and
harbor apprcpriatlons, and his complaint
f.as due to the fact that the members of
the committee, according to his ideas,
ha<f located the bulk of the appropriations
in their own States and had given scant
attention to the needs of other States—
especially to the Seattle ehip canai in his
own State. Cushman Illustrated his re
marks with a series of carefully prepared
charts. He criticized fc everal of the indi
vidual members of '.he commitMse in
breezy style., and became engaged in a
half dozen very spirited encounters be
fore he concluded. Members crowdci
about t*»e area in front of the Speaker's
desk, where he stood explaining the fig
ures upon the charts, and every one
eeemed to enjoy the picturesque perform
ance immensely. When he wound up with
& glowing appeal for justice to the Seattl°
project he received a stixring round of ao
plauae, t
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Pensions Granted, Army Orders and
Postal Changes. 0
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.— Post- jtern
commissioned: California— Jo* ,;> Bird,
Birds Landing: William H. Macey, San
Dlmas. Appointed: California— J. E. Z.
Fowle, Esparto, Yolo County, vice Rice
C. Woods, removed; Giles Bradley. Uvas,
Santa Clara County, vice Nellie Juarez,
resigned.
Oregon— Hiram W. White, Anidem. Linn
County, vice AV. B. Lawler, removed. „
Washington— Mark Wallis, Elk, Spokane
County, vice Louis Theismeyer, resigned.
The gross receipts of the San Francisco
Postofflce for December, 1900, were $101,398,
an increase of $7650 over December. 1S99.
The report on the condition of the na
tional banks of California, exclusive of
San Francisco, up to December 13. 1900,
shows: Loans and discounts. $10,826,158;
gold coin. $l.S02.9S0; total specie. $2,037,027:
individual deposits. J15.312.03S; average re
serve, 35.47 per cent.
Army orders: Lieutenant Colonel Henry
"W. Wessels Jr.. Third Cavalry, now at
San Francisco, is assigned to Fort Porter,
New YorV. for light duty. Lieutenant
Colonel Phillip H. Ellis, Eighth Infantry,
now at Elkton. Md., to San Francisco for
duty pertaining to the organization of new
companies.
The Senate Committee on Commerce has
reported favorably Senator Perkins' bill
providing for American register for the
barkentine J. C. Pfluger of San Francisco.
Friends of Captain George B. Baldwin
of San Francisco are urging him for ap
pointment as successor to former Marshal
Vawter at Nome.
Pensions issued to-day: California—Or
iginal—Patrick Donovan. Ban Francisco,
J6: George Rice. Los Anpeles. 56: George
Shade, Los Angeles, $5. Mexican War sur
vivors—Increase—George Pearce, Santa
Rosa, 112. War with Spain— Original-
James "VV. Mosby. San Jose, J6; Joseph E.
Abele, Martinez, $6.
Oregon— Original— James W. Starr, Junc
tion City, J6.
Washington— War with Spain— Original
— Bennett McGreevv. Vancouver. JS.
ASPHALTUM WORKS BURNED.
Syndicate Destroyed.
Plant of California Refined Asphalt
VENTURA. Jan. 10.— This afternoon fire
destroyed the asphaltum works of the
California Refined Asphalt Syndicate.
The loss is between $5000 and $10,000; no
insurance. The fire originated In the re
fining-room. Davies Stillman was severe
ly scorched about his right arm. Two
large drums of oil exploded and the re
ports were heard for miles. The flames
rose 150 feet into the air. More than 1000
persons witnessed the fire, which was a
magnificent sisht..
About 2000 boxes of refined asphaltum
ready for shipment, valued at $5000, were
partially destroyed. A large stock of
crude asphalt, valued at 52000. barely es
caped destruction. The firemen fought
the fire for two hours. The crude asnhalt
is obtained from the Goleta mines in Santa
Barbara County.
ATTACKS HIS RIVAL.
Murray Wade Attempts to Kill W. C.
Evans at Salem.
SALEM. Or.. Jan'. 10.— Early this morn-
Ing Murray Wade committed a murderous
assault upon Will C. Evans, knocking him
down with a blunt Instrument and then
stabbing him four times with a pocket
knife. Both are well known young men
of this city.
Evans had escorted a young lady to
whom Wade had been paying attention to
a dance, and they were returning to the
young lady's home when the assault upon
Evans was made. Evans was taken to
the hcspital, and while he Is badly hurt
there is some hope for his recovery. Wade
was arrested. _->-¦•
TRIES TO KILL A CHILD.
Vancouver Woman Cuts the Throat
of Her Baby.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Jan. 10.— Mrs.
Fred Woodroofe became Insane last night,
tried to kill herself by cutting- her throat
with a butcher knife and then tried to cut
the throat of her six-months-old baby
with the same Instrument. She inflicted
a long gash in the infant's neck, but tho
blade was duil. and although the wounds
of each are serious, Loth are expected to
recover.
Officers Installed.
Elections at Stanford.
GILROT, Jan. 10.— The annual Installa
tion and banquet of Court Gilroy No. 819,
Independent Order of Foresters, took
place this evening at Music Hall and was
witnessed by about three hundred of the
representative citizens of the community
Dr. J. W. Thayer. P. H. C. P., installed
the following officers for the ensuing year
assisted by J. R. Zuck as grand marshal •'
Elmer Lewis, C. R.; John P: Fltzcerald
V. C. R.; C. F. Pratt. O.; W. Eustice*
R. S.: C. N. Hoover. P. S.; S. F. Johnson.
T. : James Babb. S. W*.; Robert Head
j. W.; Georpe Trice, S. B.; Luke Free
nery, J. B.: Dr. J. W. Thayer. C. P.: John
L. Fisher C. D.: John Banister and James
Prlncevalle. trustees. Dancing and a sup
per followed the work.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 10.—
Four of the vacancies existing among the
student body offices were filled by the
executive committee at a meeting held
this morning. John T. Nourse. '00, was
appointed treasurer: P. K. Gilman, *01,
track manager: Frank I^leb, '02, tennis
manager, and A. B. I^mmon. '01, man
ager of. the Daily Palo Alto. These four
officers will, enter upon their duties at
once. No one was appointed to fill \V. \v.
Burnett's place as football manager for
next season, as It Is thought advisable to
Institute graduate managers In this office
as has been so successfully tried at the
University of California. His successor
will be elected by the students next May.
m ¦
Church Burned.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. . 10. — The Roman
Catholic church at Cowlitz was burned
early this morning, caused by fire In the
apartments of the pastor. Father Van
Holdenbecke, who was badly burned about
the legs and arms before being , rescued.
He was taken* to a hospital In Tacoxna.
Pleads for an Appropriation
for the Seattle Ship
Canal.
Chinaman Robbed.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10.— This morning
shortly after 2 o'clock two Chinamen, went
into the house of For.g Wong in China
town and at the point of a pistol com
pelled him to cive them his g"old watch
and 515 in money.
CUSHMAN MAKES
UNIQUE ADDRESS
NEW INDUSTRY
IN FAR NORTH
Steamer Ruth Carries Cargo
of Polecats to Shakan
1 Island.
Thirty Passengers Forfeit Their
Ticket Money Rather Than
Sail 'With the IXetested
Animals.
Ei>eclal Dispatch, to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. lO.-William
Hooker, an Alaska pioneer and the-pro
prietor of one of the largest polecat farms
in the East, leaves for the north to-night
on the steamer Ruth with 100 skunks with
which to stock Shakan Island. Mr.
Hooker will go into the business of rais- :
ing the detested animals on several isl
ands along the Alaskan coast for their
valuable furs. He says the climate is well
suited to, their culture. He expressed the
opinion to-day that within a few years the
business will be one of Alaska's most Im
portant sources of revenue outside the'
gold output.
A peculiar feature of the shipment is
the fact that at least thirty passengers
who had taken passage on the Ruth have
forfeited their ticket money and say they
will take another vessel.
In speaking of his plan the owner of the
skunks states that he intends to have a
regular farm on a claim which he pos
sesses on the island, and that he will on
this farm have the stock fenced- in In
such a manner as to protect them from
the attacks of larger animals and to keep
them from wandering and themselves
from committing any depredations. It is
a well known fact that the skunk is, when
properly dealt with, easily domesticated
and soon becomes as gentle and playful
as a kitten.
The fur of the animal is thick and glossy
and never fails to bring a fair price when
taken in the proper season. . j #¦
If the experiment of stcckingVtne place
with these animals proves a supcess there
is little doubt that skunk farming will be- ¦
come the dominant industry of Shakan I
Island.
SITKA'S CAPITOL
NEARLY BURNED
Famous Greek Church Also
Has Very Narrow Escape
From Dastruction.
Special pispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Jan. 10.— On top of the In
dian outbreaks, assassinations and other
troubles, the inhabitants of Sitka
have been .treated to a fire which
threatened to wipe out the entire town.
Had it not been for the determined fight
made by the marines and the Indians from
the Mission School, Alaska would have
been without a capitol. The fire took
place on January 2 and at a time when
a high wind was blowing. Sparks were
carried in all directions with the result
that no sooner was one building saved
from destruction than another was dis
covered to be on fire.
The famous Greek church would surely
have been consumed had not a special
guard stood around the sacred edifice dur
ing the danger period and quickly extin
guished the flames as soon as they began
to make their presence felt. Four times
did the fchurch catch fire, but each time
it was saved.
The fire started in a carpenter shop
among some shavings where oil had been
spilled. The presumption is that some
one carelessly dropped a mate, after
lighting a pipe. Several buildings were
destroyed, and Captain J. H. Pendleton.
who had charge of the fire brigade, was
severely burned. Several members of the
department were more* or less injured.
Several hours of fighting ensued before
the city was saved from threatened de
struction.
The local fire department, fifty-six ma
rines and the Indians, formed the fire
fighting force. The loss is estimated at
about $6000, with no insurance.
Is of Fine Physical Appearance and
Stands Naked for Hours,
Seedless of Intense
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAHTO, Jan. 10.— News of a most re
markable act of a madman who posed
nude on a mountain peak was brought
here by Superintendent Crosby of the Iron
Mountain mine. Mr. Crosby arrived here
yesterday and states while crossing Sig
nal Peak early yesterday morning he
found a tal!, well-built man standing nude
on the summit of the mountain. The man
was posing as a statue and looking into
the great valley b enea th. He had stood
there so long that his flesh was fairly blue
from the raw air. He was induced to
dre«s himself and Mr. Crosby decided to
Ko on. Having 1 only a saddle horse, he
could not take the - man with him. It
xn* learned later that after Mr. Crosby
had gone tFe madman resumed his posing
until another traveler crossing the peak
induced him to dress, and he was then
taken to a near-by town and locked up.
He gave his name as William Feeney. It
was later learned that Feeney had visited
the Iron Mountain Mining Company's
mines and had slept in one of the bunk
housrs the previous night, but became so
noisy crying out that he had never killed
any one that the night watchman turned
him out into the night. He is believed
to be an escaped lunatic. The man is of
remarkably fine physical makeup and in
sists upon wearing no garments. Hre ma
nia runs to posing in gladiatorial roles.
He is apparently about 35 yoars of age.
has dark hair, olive complexion and
smooth face.
Remarkahle Mania of a Man,
Evidently aif Escaped
Lunatic.
POSES NUDE ON
MOUNTAIN TOP
er-se'.sJ Dispatch to The CalL
ASTORIA, Jan. 10.— Perhaps "William
Jennings Bryan will find consolation in the
Jact that he is the "choice of the Amer
ican people tn the Klondike." Returns
from that precinct have just been received
in this city in a letter from Mrs. Harry
Cribb. an Astorian now In Dawson.
On the sixth day of November, while
the battle of ballots was g-oing on In "the
States." the people of the Klondike were
a!?o votlns:. They, too, were anxious to
Fhow th»»:r preference, and Candidate
Bryan scored a notable victory, recelv
injr more than three votes to President
McKinley's nue. The vote for Bryan vas
SS-'xi. while McKinley's vote was only 800.
The Klondikers had an object in ho'lding
their election, and Mr. Bryan will receive
a handsome plate of the purest gold which
the Klondike can produce. In the event
nf the election of Mr. McKlnley at the
Pawson polls he would have been pre
sented with the "Klondike souvenir," as
the plate is known. The souvenir is now
on exhibition in the window of a Daw
eon jeweler, and when the ic«* breaks up
in the Yukon the present will be sen: to
the Democratic leader at his Lincoln
home. It bears this inscription:
"Presented to Wini ain J.»nninp« Bryan.
the Choice of the American People of
the Klondike."
Plate of Solid Gold to Be Presented
Him as a Token After the
Opening of Naviga
tion.
Receives More Than Three
Votes to McKinley's
One.
BRYAN CHOICE
OF KLONDIKERS
THE SM FRA^TCTSCOV CAtli; iriiJUDAr, JANUARY 11, 1901.
.I|J'
Cold.
3
JfilV V7\U.R '-.clearance sale : at about half i||§|
]^^^^ \^9 prices was started for two rea-
sons. First^we had consider- vi7
_rf|i|^^ able winter-weight stock that we
1toI^ww^\ wanted to dispose of when there was /T^^^uik
iiiiiilill-- a demand for it; second, we had to J |H|I{mBl
II I it ill rnake room for our 1901 stock which is ill KftlBf I Ml
coming in right along. -, wHMMjM
The reasons may not interest you, but we tell you "^Sfikj'j i! I ¦ ||tt§|§^
¦¦ JJ 1 1 ||fi|j|f' of them as ir « is unusual for a store fo sell seasonable . M \\ j j '^Jl^P^
pf IraSfMll goods at half prices. So we cut the price as a matter of •'! ml\ ¦ | fiiftun
\w>Tj (I uiW necessity, not^f choice. ;• ¦ rflj|)ji I \lfiM§
Sliliwi' J In each instance the clothes are reduced from for- • i^^ff^^
|I|| Jjija ||!>1- 1 ' mer price? as marked. The sale offers a chance to save Mt^ \mm^
jpf ffjjlf a £ reat deaI on y° ur clothes, whether you want a suit iEf|||' Vj'fjfJ
1 1 ji| Union made==guaranieed || it
ihfj |l|| While, the reduced prices prompt your buving, the - || || |s^
|H$ mi clo'h?s are additionally desirable, as they practically bear ;|S|| | |$j
M ||fffl a double guarantee. They are all un : on made and bear [l!ijj| \\\
'?'! M^Sw the union 1 - wnj ch stamps the workmanship as of if if j!
|j| high quality. Our " Yeargood" label is put in to protect >£*»#*^^^l|[$P
¦ |p you, which means that we will keep the clothes in good
repair Ir^e for one year. They are money-back of course.
These suits are single and double breasted sacks, in \^I0#
i >^T worsteds, in checks and stripes of the latest weaves in SfPf
\f^*f various shades of gray, brown and olive ; also woolen \i. J
* cheviots in solid black and patterns in checks of various jk&\\^
j0^f§^jjMt&for^ shades ; values of the suits. $10 00 and $12.00 ; sale price, **<ffflu^*\**% k
IW 111 .-Overcoats ; - ill | J ||
|, i|Ji!}ji ! j ) h I |-i||\ The overcoats comprise box tan coverts of several %S Sjl fill * i! |l|
% Wfll l$£ I fl stvlish shades, and also the latest Oxford gray cheviots, NfifPi li j !nj||
\ 'illi ffi I |! 'll which are all wool, velvet collars, length to the knee; j j j 'lIJji
li |p ilflj ' jjiifll they are good 'winter weight and exceptionally well jj|||' lj| Ij .j j |i|jji
W liif ' ma^ e -' worth $1000 and $12^0. as. we sold them for i|| ! S| l| I IIJlKs
iPi ' I ! 1 Wk that ; now reduced to # III I IS 1 1 !i||K
iljlj 'Worsted Pants If if
SI 'If '' ne °^ worstec l P ants in checks and stripes in the V | li
iPf I latest patterns, to be. worn with dark coat and vest, all I |j I 1
|||f I I sizes up to 44 waist ; we have sold these pants for $3.00 llf | j
h , and $3 tjo. but to clear the remainder of them out now jy'jj 8; ¦
||! jjj|L the prices are marketi down to
Odds and Ends in Boys' Clothes
In the best of regulated stores. there is always an accumulation of odds
and ends that must be disposed of regardless of the prices. We find about
two and three suits left from several different lots, which will be sojd at
very great reductions. While there are only the few suits in each lot, the
clothes as a whole represent about every size. Here are the values:
Vestee and middy .suit?, in ages from 3 to 8 years Youths' suits in fancy mixed cheviots and tweeds,
reefer suits for boys from 6 to 10 yea-s: two-piece in ; single and doU ble breasted styles : well made. gar-
sni:s forboys from 8 to 1^ year?. These suits were *
formerly sold at $2 7^, $3.00, $3.^0 and J400; now ments and strictly all wooL Former- prices, $7.00,
reduced to' ,. $8.00, $9.00 and $10.00. Sale price now •";.
Of^i <& /bt y| mt
We carry a full stock; of j^\ .^k % wi i«. S i^^. i^^fr. ffi"^. t%l fully filled — get into commu-
iurmshing goods, hats and •f^l ° w/li^ uj || || E§ JW| H H 8 mccttion with our mail order
caps for boys of all ages— \_J I 1jL^k &Jr 11 \Jp departments and you will save
prices lower than those of M ?• T.-.f ' ' ." '.'..... . , *™* >.^ money on your clothing, fur-
ncius,™ dealer*. 7,18 Market -Street.. msbm! > goods and hats -
ADVERTISEMENTS.¦ ¦ ¦;¦ ¦ — — ¦
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA-
KEI/LY DENIES THAT
A COMPACT WAS MADE
verest Privations Not Far From
Odessa.
ODESSA,"Wash., Jan. 10.— Police, firemen
and physicians have rescued 470 passen
gers from five trains - which have been
snowed in for several days, -. after endur
ing the greatest suffering. A force of 4000
workmen is clearing the tracks to Odessa.
For four days the mall has been
stalled up.
For Several Days . Suffered the Se-
SNOWBOUND PASSENGEBS
RESCUED BY POLICE
For a Time the Safety of the Entire
City Was Greatly En
dangered.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 10.— Cloverdale was
the scene of a very destructive fire this
morning when the United States Hotel
was almost completely destroyed. At
about 6 o'clock fire was discovered in the
dining-room. The blaze originated in a
defective flue. A volunteer bucket brig
ade waa formed and despite their efforts
the old landmark was badly damaged.
For awhile the entire business portion
cf the town was threatened, the absence
of a north wind being all that saved it.
The building was fully covered by in
surance ard M. Menihan, the owner, said
that he would at once commence the -work
of rebuilding the hotel.
HOTEL IN CLOVEBDALE
NEARLY BURNED DOWN
BAKEREFIELD, Jan. lO.~Anton" Reyes,
a peon Mexican who killed a fellow coun
tryman, Joaqu'.n 7 . Marclal at •¦ Kern City
last October, waa to-day, convicted : of
murder In tho , first degree. '¦ . The jury
recommends him to the mercy ;of --• the
court," which amounts to life imprison
ment. ¦>
Sentenced for Life.
VANCOUVER, B. . C. Jan. 10.— Two
mysterious individuals, said by the Van
couver police to be Pinkerton detective3,
have been in tho citv for the last two
days. Their mission it* said to be to ar
rest Pat -Crowe, the alleged- abductor ,?of
young Edward Cudahy of Omaha. Crowe
Is expected by these detectives to attempt
to sail for Australia on the Miowera to
morrow.
Pinkerton Men Said to,- Be Seeking
the Abductor," Who Is En Route
"" to Australia.
PAT CROWE MAY BE
IN CITY OF VANCOUVEB
HUSBAND CHARGED WITH
m MURDER OF HIS WIFE
William Hoist of Port Blakeley Is
Arrested, at Manila, His "Wife
Being Found Dead.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 10.— News wa-s
rcelved by the Empress, of Japan that on
December 6 Mrs. William Hoist of Port
Blakeley, Wash., was found in a Manila
hotel murdered. Her husband was arrest
ed. Both were among the crew of the bark
Topgallant, which sailed from" Hongkong
November 9 for Port Blakeley and wai
almost wrecked by a typhoon and driven
to Manila where the crew refused to go
to sea In her. - .
Burnham Is Nominated.
CONCORD. X. ll.. Jan. 10.— Judge
Henry E. . Burnham of Manchester j won
tne nomination of the Republican mem
bers of the Legislature for United States
Senator over William E. Chandler and
other candidates. Burnham won upon the
first ballot. Chandler received 47 vote*;
Burnham 19S. Congressman Sulloway 23,
Henry M. Baker 23, Henry B. Quinby 22,
'¦*• « . Blair i. '
MADRID, Jan. 10.— A dispatch from
Puerto Real, near Caiiz, where Admiral
Cervera If lying ill. saye his condition ha*
crown worse and that bis recovery is al
most hopeless.
. Hope for His Recovery.
Worse and There Is but Scant
Hi» Illness Has Steadily Grown
CEBVEBA'S CONDITION
IS AXMOST HOPELESS
WASHINGTON. Jan. lO.-Scnator Till
man has returr.rd to Washington from
fet?*>ni1ano<? at the Jefferson Club banquet
hf-ld in Omaha last Monday night. Speak
in" of the dispatches telling of Ftrain<d
relations bptwef-n h!m and W.lliam J
iiryan he f-aid: "I have filed no plea tie
a political poparation from Mr. Bryar.
J tola him. as I told the people at the Jef
ferson banquet, that It Is too early for
me to commit ,jnysplf to eny candidate
or any specific Wform which might he
binding in 1304. I do not lx-lleve the gen
tlemen at the banquet misunderstood me
and I do not bf-lir-ve Mr. Bryan misun
oerstood me. When he reached Chicago
he Etated there that he intended to take
his place ag a private in the r>emocratic
rank?. I do not regret going to Omaha
On the contrary I am glad I went, be
cause I had a royal pood time, i «et
them crazy whrn I pitched lr.to Cleve
land. I wish you could have heard th«»m
Fhout when I tore him to pieces and the
rest of that rang who worship at the
Cleveland shrine and who want to re
orpanize the Democratic party and go
to the polls on flection day and \'ote the
republican ticket." _ ' ', •
quet at Omaha.
at the Recent Jefferson Ban-
TTLLMAU SAYS HE "TOBE
CLEVELA2TD TO PIECES."
Speaks of the Enthusiasm Aroused
STRANGE IS THE EFFECT
OF A PLUNGE INTO BAY
• . ¦ - ( '¦ ¦-.'¦¦',
Lewis Hope, Hostler, Emerges From
the Waters of the Bay a First-
Class Musician.
Lewis Hope, «»n employe of the quarter
master's 4 department- at the . Presidio,
while endeavoring to rescue his hat which
a gust of wind had lifted from his head
and blown overboard, came within an ace
of losing his life. In reaching for his hat
from the wharf he lost hisi balance and
fell into. the water. The weight of his
clothes carried him under, and had it not
been for the prompt action of, a couple
of fishermen he would have drowned. He
was taken' to the Post Hospital, where
the surgeons succeeded in bringing him
to. .-:¦•:-.."
Before taking his impromptu bath Hope
had been discoursing on his abilities as a
veterinarian, claiming to be able to c,ure
the aches and pains of. any, animals, par
ticularly the army ' mule. When taken
from the water his mind had undergone
a complete change. He had forgotten all
about his abllltv. as a horse doctor and
insisted that ha was the greatest musician
of the age. and that with the help of
a few friends, not quite so great as him
self, he Intended to organize an orchestra
before which the ' present leaders would
be ashamed to perform. , After being thor-'
oughly warmed up he issued passes to
every one within reach for his opening per
formance, which will take place. when he
gets his' trunk; In which he says Is stored
his musical • instruments. , . .
Orders were received at the quartermas
ter's department yesterday calling for, the
erection of a number of new tents In
Model Camp. They are to be occupied by
the men of -Second Provisional Battalion ;
which is about to ¦ be ' formed. There are
about ; 200 unasslgned recruits at the Pre
sidio ready; for. the, new command.
• First •¦ Lieutenant. John : \V. .-•-. Barnes,
Twenty-fourth Infantry," , has , been as
signed to duty with the recruit* at. Model
Camp. ; ' . :•"".
Lieutenant, R. .F. Gardner has assumed
command of the post at Fort Baker, re
lieving -Lieutenant L.' H. James, who goes
to Angel Island. C ,i . :
In other quarters, however, there 13 less
satisfaction with the condition of affairs,
which has practically necessitated the
fortification of Cape Town.
No steps have been taken to comply
with Lord Kitchener's demands for re
inforcements.
Lord Colerldjre, In a letter excusing Ma
non-attendance at a political meeting,
says: • . »
"I loathe and detest this war and tho
policy which brought It about, the mode
in which it is conducted and the undigni
fied excitement over the defeat of a hand
ful of peasants defending their country
at the hands of ten times their number
of trained soldiers, backed by the wealth
of England."
The Times In an editorial t©-day finds
comfort in the thought that "the process
of attrition Is doln«r its work and must
shortly lead. to. the Inevitable result."
LONDON, Jan. 11. 5 a. m. — The situation
in South Africa grows worse rather than
better. Lord Kitchener's dispatches are
more laconic than those of Lord Roberta
and little else of Importance is allowed to
come through.
Kitcheners Dispatches
More Laconic Than
Were Roberts'.
SITUATION IN
SOUTH AFRICA
GROWS WORSE
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Jan. 10.— The first of the pool
selling legislation appeared to-day in a
bill by Belshaw, which limits the selling
of pools to the place where the contest
upon which the pools are sold takes place.
The bill is the result of action by the
people of Sausalito, primarily, and it is
backed by strong influence from Marin,
Alamcda and San Francisco and San Ma
teo counties. The bill is numbered Sen
ate bill No. 4. It is in full. as follows:
Section 1. Xo person or persons shall keep, or
in any capacity asslnt In keeping any room,
•shed, tenement, booth, building or place of
any kind, or any part thereof, with or with
out any book. Instrument or device whatsoever
for the purpose of receiving, recording or regis
tering: bets or wagers upon or selling pools upon
the result of any trial or contest of skill, speed
or Tower of endurance, of, by, or between men,
animals or machines, or upon any chance, cas
ualty, uncertain or contingent event, or shall,
either as owner, agent or employe, receive,
record, reglmer, wager or sell any pool or carry
on any bookmaktn? upon the result of any such
trial, contest or event, or shall receive or con
tract to teceive any money or representative of
money or other property, either as agent, car
rier, commission broker, servant or employe, or
In any representative capacity, or other capa
city whatsoever, for the purpose of making
placing, receiving, recording or registering any
bet, wager, pool or book upon the result of any
such trial, contest or event: or. being the
owner, lessee or custodian of any room, tene
ment, tent, booth, building or other place, or
any part thereof, shall knowingly permit the
same to be u*>d or occupied for any purpose
prohibited by this act.
Sec. 2. Provided,- however, that the foregoing
provisions of this act shall not apply to, - ex
tend to or prohibit the sale of 'pools or book
making on any trial or contest of skill, speed
or power of endurance of, by or between men,
animals or machines when said pools are sold
or said bookmaklne Is carried on within the
racetrack enclosure, fair grounds or building
wherein such trial or contest of nklll. speed or
power of endurance of. by or betwepn men,
animals or machines shall be held and occur,
and upon the days ' when such trial oh contest
actually occurs or In had.
Sec. 3. Any person vlolatlns any of the pro
visions of this act shall be guilty of a misde
meanor and upon conviction thereof shall be
punished by a fine of not less than two hundred
($200) nor more than one thousand ($1000) dol
lars, or by Imprisonment in the- County Jail not
exceeding one year, or by both such fine and
Imprisonment.
Sec. 4. Any person who upon conviction as
aforesaid shall fail, neglect or refuse to pay
any tine or part thereof Imposed upon him ln
accordance with the provisions of this act shall
be Imprisoned In the county Jail for a number
of days equal to the number of dollars of. said
fine or part thereof which said convicted per
eon fails, neglects or refuses to pay, provided,!
however, that such imprisonment shall not ex
coed one year.
Sec. 6. All acts and parts of acts in con
flict with the provisions of , this act are here
by repealed. . . _ :
Sec. 6. This act shall take effect and be in
force from and after its passage, ; .. -
Will Permit Making of
Wagers Only at Place
of Contest.
KANSAS CTTT, Mo., Jan. 10. -Phillip H.
Kennedy, agent for tiie, Merchants' Dis
patch Transportation Company, was shot
four times and killed Ly his wife. Lulu K.
Kennedy, at his office in the Newbridge
building, in the heart of the city, late this
afternoon.
At 6:30 o'clock this afternoon Mrs. Ken
nedy appeared at the entrance of the of
fice of the Merchants' Dispatch Transpor
tation Company and seeing her husband.
Phillip Kennedy, Inside, requested him to
step into the hall. He 'had barely passed
through the door into the hall when hit*
wife opened fire on hkn with a revolver,
shooting him four times and killing him
instantly. The woman kicked the lifeless
body of her husband as she exclaimed:
"Now you will never wrong another wo
man!"
Mrs. Kennedy, who was formerly Mlas
Lulu Prince, married Kennedy December
4, 1900, and the groom'? actions during- the
ceremony indicated tnat he was not a
willing party to the contract. The father
and brother of the bride accompanied the
couple during the marriage ceremony.
Last Tuesday Kennedy brought suit to
annul his marriage with Miss Prince. He
alleged in his petition that he was forced
into the marriage bv threats to take his
life if he refused and that the threats
were made not only by the father and
brother of tho young 'voman, but by her
also.' The petition said that he never
lived with her as his wife.
The girl's family CHims that she and
Kennedy were engaiM to be married,
when he met anothet ynuju woman and
fell in love with her. He broke the en
gagement with Miss Prince, they say, and
the cards were out announcing his mar
riage with the other young woman when
the father and brother of Miss Prince
took a hand In the affair.
Kennedy was about iO years of age. and
his wife is 20. - . . ¦ ¦ y. . :
Mrs. Philip H. Kennedy
Kills Her Husband in
Kansas uity.
SHOT BY WOMAN
HE WRONGED
BILL AIMS
TO CLOSE ALL
POOLROOMS
Two New Battleships and Two
Cruisers.
WASHINGTON, Jan. lO.-Secretary
Long has won almost all of his conten
tions regarding the naval bill. Which was
to-day practically completed by the House.
Committee. The question of the increase
of the navy has been left to Secretary
Long. His request for two battleships
and two cruisers will be provided In the
bill. The . committee- has also provided
for the enlistment of 5000 men, as he rec
ommended, Instead of 3000. tacitly agreed
upon yesterday. The bill will carry a pro
vision to commission two classes from the
Naval Academy now cruising, and also
to commission the present senior grade
immediately upon graduation in June.
This is done to provide officers, of which
the department Is greatly In need, ami
will supply-150 of them.
Committee Agrees to Recommend
LONG'S WISHES GRANTED
REGAJ&DING NAVY BILL
Latter Is Passed.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— Considerable
progress was made by the Senate to-day
with the army reorganization bill, but- the
final vote upon the measure seems to be
as far off as ever. To-day's proceedings
were characterized by several sharp col
loquys, some of which were of a decided
personal nature., i
Consideration was concluded of the com
mittee amendments of the army reorgan
ization bill, and the Senate took up the
amendments proposed by Individual Sen
ators. The amendments providing for the
appointment of General James H. Wilson,
Fitzhugh Lee and General Shafter to be
major generals of the regular army and
retired precipitated an extended and, on
the part of Pettigrew, a bitter debate.
The amendments prevailed, however, de
spite the opposition.
Pettigrew Attacks Shafter, but Plan
to Advance Retiring Grade of
SHARP COLLOQUYS OVER
REORGANIZATION BILL
Citizens Will Assist C. E. Fulton,
Projector of the Plant, to Carry
Out His Plans.
SEATTLE, Jan. 10.— Fair haven. Wash.,
is to have a shipyard with capital suffi
cient to place it on a competitive basis
with other sound cities. C. E. Fulton Is
the projector of the plan. At a meeting of
the Fairhaven Commercial Club last
evening the matter was presented. Mr.
Fulton asks that $3000 be raised in aid of
the industry, one-half to be returned at
the completion of the first boat and the
other half at the completion of the seco~d
boat. The club took very favorable ac
tion In the matter, and appointed a com
mittee consisting of EL M. Wilson. M.
Earls and F. J. Wood to look into the
matter and make a report.
Already two contracts have been se
cured by Mr. Fulton, one for the building
of a steamer at a cost of $150,000 and th-3
other for a schooner at a. cost of $50,000.
TO BUILD SHIPYARDS IN
THE CITY OF FAIRHAVEN
THE presence of mind of John Ma
honey, a driver for the Consumers'
Ice Company/saved the lives of a
number of women and children on
Wednesday morning • at Golden
Gate avenue and Jones street."
Shortly before noon a. two-horse wagon
belonging ,to the Chicago Brewing Com
pany ran away from the corner of Golden
Gate avenue and Market street and
dashed up the avenue.
Women and children were on the streets
at the time and were in peril of their
lives, but Mahoney jumped from his
wagon and made a ru^n ror the uncon-
; MONTEZUM A . Iowa. Jan. • 10.— Hon. ; W.
H: Redman, Speaker of the Iowa House
In 188$, died suddenly at his home In New
ton to-day. -. . ;
Hon. W. H. Redman.
PHOENIX. Art*.. Jan. 10.— E." D...Ty
ler, one of-;the best known men-ln the
theatrical profession and associate man
ager of a New* York theater, died hero
to-day of lung trouble. •
E. D. Tyler.
MARTINEZ, Jan. 10.— Hon. C. Y. Brown,
District Attorney of Contra Costa County
and brother of Dr. E. E. Brown, died last
night at his home here. Mr. Brown was a
native of this county and was 40 years of
age. He was a past president of Mount
Diablo Parlor No. 101. Native Sons. Ho
was unmarried.
C. Y. Brown.
PARIS, Jan. 10.— General Lambert. Sen
ator for the department of Finlsterre, is
dead after a short' Illness. He commanded
in the defense of the Mansion, made fa
mous by the battle painter, AJphonse de
Neuvllle, , in the' painting known aa the
"House of the Last Cartridge."
General Lambert.
WASHINGTON. Jan. lO.-David Gra
ham Adee. brother of Assistant Secretary
of State Alvey August Adee and well
known as an author, died this morning.
He had been, an invalid for many years.
The deceased was of old Scotch Unease
on both the father's and mother's side.^.
David Graham Adee.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 10.— Major Nat
Burbank of the Picayune, widely known
as a dramatic critic and as the author of
the humorous column of that paper, died
suddenly in a street car to-day. He came
here with the United States army/during
the Civil War and had been associated
with the Picayune for many years.
Major Nat Burbank.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.— Rear Admiral
Thomas Phelps, retired, of Washington
D. C. died at the New York Hospital to
night of pneumonia. He was taken to the
hospital only yesterday from the hotel
where ho was stopping. He had come
to this city to be with Mrs. Phelps, who
is sick at the New York Hospital.
Hear Admiral Phelps.
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 10.— George Staffler
Sr., a retired capitalist and prominent cit
izen, dropped dead shortly after 1 o'clock
this morning at his home. Mr. Staffler
has been prominently identified with this
city since 1S68 and was one of Us most
hijrhly honored and respected citizens. He
was a native of Germany and 63 years of
age.
George Staffler.
READING, Pa., Jan. 10.— Walter Steele,
one of the founders of the Carpenter Steei
Works, died last nlgnt after an Illness ot
five weeks from blood poisoning and gan
grene, resulting from the irritation of tr.e
large toe of his foot bv.his shoe. 'He wa=?
general manager of the Philadelphia Steel
and Iron Works. He was born In Eng
land.
Walter Steele.
WINTERS. Jan. 10.— William Meek Hat
tin, one of the oldest citizens of Winters,
died early yesterday evening at the home
of his daughter, Mrs. Cannon. He had
been suffering for some time with stom
ach troubles, and this, combined with old
age, hastened the end. Mr. Hattin was 81
years of age and a native of Missouri. He
came to California in the early fifties,
landed in Stockton Valley and proceeded
to seek a fortune in the Golden State. Be
sides his daughter he leaves four grand
children — George. Reuben ' and Edward
Cannon and Mrs. Drlever of Santa Rosa.
A number of great-grandchildren also re
vere his memory.
M. Hattin.
STOCKTON, Jan. 10.— The Sacramento
and San Joaouin Valley Railway Com
pany wan this evening granted c fran
chise on West Weber avenue on condi
tion that the company commences actual
work within six months and the road, in
cluding a drawbridge across Stockton
channel., be completed to Sacramento
within' three years. Captain Cross, pres
ident of the road, has secured nearly all
tiie rights-of-way to Sacramento.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Is Granted a Franchise.
Berner Is said to be engaged to the
young woman, whom he met last fall at
Fort Bragg. He said good-by and was
about to return to Dawson when Mis.i
Elchenberg asked him to wait a moment.
She went into the house and returned in
a few minutes with a .22-calIber rifle
Berner says that before he could prevent
It she placed the butt of the gun on th<3
ground and leaning over the muzzle pulled
the trigger. The bullet hit her directly
over the heart, but was deflected. Whac
was at first thought to be a fatal wound
proved to be not serious.
SEATTLE. Jan. 10.— Louisa Elchenberg.
aged 23 years, made a desperate but un
successful attempt to commit suicide m
the presence of her lover, Edward Berner,
at her home on Salmon Creek, Alaska.
but Is Not Very Seriously-
Injured.
SOUGHT DEATH IN THE
PRESENCE OF HER LOVER
Louisa Eichenberg Shoots Herself,
trolled team. He caught the horses by
the bridle and by sheer strength stopped
them In their mad career, amid the plaud
its or the onlookers. The horses ran for
three blocks before they were stopped by
Mahoney.
The brewery horses ran for three blocks
before they were stopped by Mahoney.
A milk wagon and a buggy owned by
a collector for an awning maker were
demolished by the runaway team before
Mahoney. at the risk of his life, stopped
them In their flight. The team which
caused a commotion on Golden Gate ave
nue on Wednesday morning Is the one
that ran away on Polk street about eight
een months ago and caused the death of a
woman by running over her.
JOHN- MAHONEY. AN ICE WAGON DRIVER. BRAVELY IMPERILS HIS
LIFE IN ORDER TO SAVE WOMEN AND CHILDREN ENDANGERED
BY- RUNAWAY HORSES. ,
WEST POINT, NT. T., Jan. 10.— Before
the members of the Congressional inves
tigating committee resumed their in
quiries to-day Into the charges of hazing
at the Military Academy they visited the
camp grounds at Port Clinton, where
many fights between cadets have oc
curred. Colonel Clayton, who Is a gTad
uate of the academy, explained the ar
rangements of the tents in the summer
encampments to his brother committee
men, and when they visited the rink in
the rear of the camp the "stretching" pro
cess, by which several cadets were hazed,
was discussed.
Cadet William R. Bettlson of Kentucky
was the first witness. He testified that
Cadet Breth was his classmate and that
Cadet Booz waa a fourth class man,
while he (the witness) was a third class
man. He never knew of Breth being
hazed. The witness said he knew of five
fights between cadets during his first
year and was present at two of them.
Witness said that there were nine fights
during the year 1899-1900 and seven during
the present year. Bettlson recalled the
names of the participants in nearly all of
these fights. He said none of these fights
had been investigated by the authori
ties, and consequently no one had been
punished. He had never been a prin
cipal in a fight, but had officiated at Bev
*-ral, Bnd was the chairman of the "scrap
ping committee," which decided when a
fight was to be arranged.
Bettlson described the fights as bare
knuckle affairs, under Marquis of Queens
berry rules, except that the rounds were
two minutes each. He said the principals
stripped to the waist and fights were
usually to a finish.
"Then you here hold fights of a brutal
nature, which the laws of forty out of
forty-five States in the Union have pro
hibited?" said Mr. Driggs.
Bettison made no reply.
Mr. Driggs then inquired If hazing or
c^sistlni; at hazing cadets was violating
the oath administered to a cadet on hia
entrance to the academy. After some
evasion the witness said that violations of
the academy regulations were not con
piderfd by the cadets as violations of the
articles of war and were not looked upon
as military disobedience.
Chairman of the Scrapping
Committee Gives Tes-
CADET FIGHTS
AT WEST POINT
THE unusual ceremony of raising
up or Installing eighty elected
chiefs of the Improved Order of
Red Men was witnessed last night
In Natlv 4 e Sons' Hall by many
members of the order and palefaces. The
body of the hall had been arranged in the
form of the great council chamber. . Tho
stage was occupied by Mrs. Jennie Weisel.
the great Pocahontas and past great Po
cahontases and other great chiefs of the
degree of Pocahontas, the women's
branch of the order.
Tire overture was followed by the kind
ling of the council fire by Sachem W. C
Rowley, Senior Sagamore L. H. Enemark,
Junior Sagamore J. G. Wintgen, Prophet
Dr. W. W. Brackett. Chief of Records A.
Jones, Keeper of Wampum G. S. Graham,
First Sannap Thomas Roche, Second San
rap U. A. Lewis, Guard of Wigwam P. L.
Hoff and Guard of Forest Mr. Bloom.
This was followed by the entrance In
solemn procession of the following great
chiefs or the Great Council of California,
who performed the very impressive cere
mony of raising up: Great sachem, F. D.
Brandon: great senior sagamore, James
Boyes; great Junior sagamore, E. Lastre
to; great prophet. E. U. Wilson; great
chief of records. Porter L- Bliss; great
keepef of wampum, William J. Smith;
great sannap, J. A. Ellert; great mishi
rewa, J. H. Hutaff; great guard of wig
wam, A, Kausman; great guard of forest.
M. J. Magulre.
Then followed the elected chiefs of
tribes to whom was administered the ob
ligation and the charges by the several
chiefs. Those who were Inducted into
otace are:
Manzanlta. Tribe Xo. 4 — Sachem. C. J. Tucker;
senior sagamore, J. J. Kennedy; Junior saga
more, A. F. Mason, prophet, R. Horber.
Miantonomah Tribe No. 9— Sachem, O. Cutler;
Fenlor sagamore. W. W. Field; Junior saga
more, J. G-. Wintgen; prophet, W. Gre«nblatt.
Pohonache* Tribe Xo. 10— Sachem, W. Doxey;
pen'or sagamore, S. M. Webb; Junior sagamore.
S. Harman; prophet. T. A. Brown.
Pocanantas Tribe Xo. ll— Sachem, W. F.
Conolley: s^nlrw sagamore. C. H. Tearlan;
Junior sagamore, R, F. Reed; prophet. Dr. Z.
T. Slalaby.
Sotoyome Tribe Xo. 1J— Sachem. W. D. A1
lrn; senior sajramore. C. Hedquist; Junior Gag- I
Rmore. J. R1e-ile; prophet, J. Flynn.
Pemlr.ole Tribe Xo. 54— Sachem. R. Estaxziau;
penlcr eagamore, J. Mlalocq; Junior sagamore,
J. 6avignac; prophet, J. Meillette.
Modoc Tribe Xo. 57— Sachem, M. Burns;
Floor manager, John W. Kelly; assistant
floor manager. T. M. Searey; floor committee —
O. Cutler. A. Jones. C Fowler, A. Dawson,
L. J. Fortro, Dr. E. G. Elsen. W. E. Mor
row, W. C. Rowley; reception committee— J.
Arees, E. H. Culver, H. C. Wehr. G. S. Gra
ham, M. Bloom, C. de Cleer.
The ceremony was conducted by a com
mittee of one from each tribe, of which
P. S. Seymour was president. Emil Las
treto, vice president; J. H. Hutaff. sec
retary, and Henry A. Chase, treasurer.
The ceremony was followed by a ball un
der the direction of the following named
committees:
Then followed -the quenching of the
council fire by Sachem F. D. Ritchie,
Senior Sagamore S. M. Webb, Junior Sag
amore A. F. Mason and Prophet Dr. Z.
T. Malaby.
Seneca Tribe No. 104— Sachem. R. Lyons,
senior sagamore. C. de Cleer; Junior sagamore,
W. J. J. Weekes; prophet, F. W. Bredhoff.
Blazing Arrow Tribe Xo. 107— Sachem, George
W. Phelps; senior sagamore, L. C. Miller:
Junior sagamore, A. E. Lee; prophet, M. H.
Haas.
Yosemite Tribe Xo. 103— Sachem. William
Goldman: senior sngamore, F. C. Adams;
Junior sagamore, C. Granz; prophet, J. H. Jor
dan.
Monadnock Tribe Xo. 10ft— Sachem, J. Mc-
Leod; penlor pngamore, .T. Byrne: Junior saga
more, J. D. Hamme! ; prophet, w. C. Rowley.
Awashte Tribe No. S>— Sachem. F. I>. Ritchie;
senior psgamore, E. P. McEntlre: Junior saga
more. E. F. Dullea; prophet, J. Lord.
Altahmos Tribe No. 87— Sachem, R. L. Apple;
penlor sagamore. A. E. Weanling; Junior saga
morc, H. Cllls; prophet, A. A. Perrln.
Oshomee Tribe No. 78 — Sachem. P. Hegnier;
senior sagamore. M. Platscheck; Junior saga
more. A. L. Prinple; prophet. G. Mosbacher.
Mcntezuma Tribe No. 77— Sachem. W. R.
Bell; senior sacamore. W. H. Kline; junior
tagamore, L. F. Klein; prophet, Hon. George
H. Cabanlsn.
Arapaho* Tribe No. 76— Sarhem, J. Pearson;
senior easramore, W. D. Ohlandt; Junior eaga
more, T. R. Laubach; prophet, G. H. Rosen
bohm.
Osceola Trib* No. 71— Sachem. R. Phillips;
senior sagamore, H. Stussy: Junior sagamore.
W. F. Willke; prophet. C. W; Le Barron.
White Ea?le Tribe No. 72— Sachem, W. B.
Ko«el; senior sagamore, P. H. Bleg; Junior
tajjamor*. A. Lynn; prophet, L. Llnkesl6ch.
Bald Eagle Tribe No. 75— Sachem. B. A. John
eon; senior sag-amore. H. G. Tanner: Junior
sasamore, H. C. Wehr; prophet, L. II. Ene
inark.
senior sagamore, p. Maunders; Junior saga
more; G. ven Glahn; prophet. II. A. Sloss.
Winnemucca Tribe Xo. 61— Sachem, M. J.
Astlz; senior sagamore, E. A. Lemolne; Junior
sajramore. "\V. Diaz; prophet. A. Dawsnn.
TWO OF THE ilEMBERS OP THE COMMITTEE WHO MADE THE AR
RANGEMENTS. FOR THE INTERESTING CEREMONY OF INSTALL
ING EIGHTY ELECTED CHIEFS OF THE RED MENC
"English , Catholics, however, do not at
present concern themselves very much
about such- matters, unless, which I hard
ly think possible, the utterances of the
Duke of Norfolk in Rome might begin to
stir English public opinion. One thing is
certain, however, and that is that Leo
XIII will be very much pleased that his
pet wishes have JTound an echo in the
words of the most Dromlnent member of
the English nobilitv."
"As to the effect of any assertion of tho
rights of the Pope to temporal power, it
is hard to make any prediction. Perhaps
the Pope wishes that some sort of foreign
pressure be exercised on the Italian Gov
ernment to make it relinquish the domin
ion of at least the city of Rome to the
Holy See. It is persistently rumored in
Rome and abroad that the outcome of the
present agitation will be the definition of
the necessity of the temporal power of the
Pope as a dogma of the Roman Catholic
faith and in that case all Catholics will
be obliged to admit the doctrine and do
their utmost for the return to the Pope of
a temporal sovereignt*'.
"I am afraid" that tl-o Duke has stirred
up a hornet's nest. ', L am an Italian my
self and, having "resided in Rome for a
long time, I know well the susceptibilities
of the Italians In regard to a>ny utter
ances which might advocate. or imply the
destruction of united Italy.- The- speech
of the Duke at the reception of the Eng
lish pilgrims at the Vatican, coming: as
it does from .a prominent, member of the
British aristocracy',- s,innot-. but excite
their feelings. and I snould not be sur
prised if violence was to be offered tho
English visitors to the Eternal City on
this account, as was the case of the
French pilgrims in 1S2J.
"Up to the present time the Italians
have always considered the English peo
ple and their Government in sympathy
with the efforts they have made toward
the independence rand unification of their
country, which could not possibly have
been obtained without the disappearance
of the temporal power of the Pope.
"Just now," said the speaker, "the Pope
has insisted that, foreign prelates and
prominent Catholics should take up the
advocating and defending of such rights
to temporal power and the recent utter
ances of Archbishop Ireland and of Cardi
nal Vaughan amply testify to this fact.
"Personally, the Duke Is not concerned
if the Pope l^as lost his temporal power.
He has always been an earnest admirer of
the Italian people and of their efforts at
unity and Independence. His present visit
to Rome at the head of the English pil
grimage is a kind of reparation for hl3
and the English Catholics' neglect during
the holy year. In the whole course of
which no English representation of the
Catholic church visited Rome and the
Pope. ' ,
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— The Rev. A. Fas
anotti,. D. D.> now a resident of New
York, but formerly chnnlain to the Duke
of Norfolk, In Bngland. speaking of the
Duke and the scene ii« Rome attendant
upon his address to the Pope, in .which
he expressed the 'hope that the temporal
power would be returned to the Holy See
during the new century, .said: . ' '
Fears, However, That the Italian
, People May Resent the Expres
sions Relative to Tem
poral Power.
Former Chaplain to Duke of
Norfolk Speaks of the
Latter's Address.
SAYS THE POPE
IS GRATIFIED
a Certain Undertaking
Establishment.
NETV YORK. Jan. 10.— Believing that
they were the victims of "praveyard" in
surance swindlers, officers of the Colonial
Life Insurance Company of America, lo
cated In Jersey City, to-day caused the
arrest of Thomas Martin, editor of . a
Union Hill (N. J.) newspaper; William
Nitker. aa undertaker in Union Hill, and
Thomas J. Kelly, a pugilist, whose right
name Is said to b* Thomas Waldron and
who until recently was an agent for the
company. Dr. Richard Jaher. a West
lloboken phyeiclan and formerly the
m.edlcaJ exaxnlner In Union Hill for the
company, went to police headquarters,
but, after making a statement, was not
placed under arrest. Secretary and Man
eser Ernest Hoppenhelmer of the insur
ance company eald be did not think Dr.
Jaher had been guilty of criminal Intent,
but he had been careless in signing papers
presented by Kelly.
Martin, Kelly and Necker were each re
leaped on J1000 bail. An Indictment has
been found against the four men upon the
charge tha.t they had conspired to secure
The insurance upon the life of Robert
Brenner, a boy of 17, who was the
brother of Martin's wife. The insurance
¦vvas secured In August last when Bren
ner wa* an Inmate of Bellevue Hospital.
Manin was the beneficiary. Brenner's ap
plication had been secured by Kelly as
aeent ; he had been examined -and passed
ty Dr. Jaher ar.d his body had been burled
by Neeker. the undertaker. It was
charged that Brenner was dying with con
sumption when the policy was granted.
Manager Horpenhcimer said that Kelly,
while agent of the company. J*ad taken
very bad risks on which the company had
paid monev to Neeker and Martin as bene
nciarles. He said that three cases had
been found In which KeMy and the others
had defrauded the company. It was be
lieved there were other cases. The com
pany had noticed a high death rate among
the persons insured by Kelly and refused
to insure Brenner for more than CS2. The
policy was made out by Kelly for JiSl.
When Brenner died in October last, soon
after the policy was secured, the company
started an investigation of Agent Kelly's
work and poon afterward dismissed him
ar.d Dr. Jaher.
Mr. Hoppenheimer also said that one of
the men insured by Kelly had been In
Bellevue HoFpital shortly before the in
eurance was placed and died soon after
ward. One case was eo flagrant that the
company heard of It and Neeker, having
reason to fear trouble, accepted a return
if the premium. In this case the policy
wa* for £1000. In the other suspected
cases the insurance was for smaller
amounts. The company canceled several
policies written by Kelly on persons who
have since died of lingering diseases.
It is paid that the Colonial Insurance
Company has been Fwindled out of large
sums of money secured on bogus policies
end that there hap been a wholesale traf
fic In dead bodies between Bellevue Hos
pital In this dtiy and a certain undertak
ing *>5=tabllshmr-nt In Union Hill. N. J.
Thomas J. Kelly of New York, said to
be an agent of the Colonial Insurance
Company, has been arrested and locked
up In the Jersey City Jail.
Haw Charley Boss Died.
Benatnr Plunkltt of Manhattan last
right Introduced In the Senate a bill pun
ishing kidnaping of children under 16
years of a*-e by fixing the limit of impris
onment for such offens« at twenty-five
years. Senator Plunkitt said he had
facts in his possession concerning the ab
duction of Charlie Ross In 1874 which had
never been published. He said: "The ab
ductors of Charlie Ross were New York
River thieves— Moehcr and his compan
ions. The wagon in which Ross was car
ried away was hired in New York by
Mosher and driven to Philadelphia eo as
to prevent any poFslble discovery' of the
offenders. The wagon was driven about
thirty miles out of Philadelphia and was
there abandoned. Moeher and his com
panion, accompanied by their ¦victim,
taking passase on the train to New York.
Fear kept Charlie Ros? quiet. Upnn ar
riving at Now York Ross was taken on
one of Mother** river craft and finally.
to prevent detection. Charlie was thrown
overboard in the bay after being tied to
iron so as to sink and make coming to the
surface impossible.
"The New Yorker who let the horse and
wagon to Mosher never claimed his prop
erty for fear cf being charged with com
plicity.
"When MoFhrr wa.« shot while attempt-
Ing to rob the Van Brunt mansion at Bay
ride he attempted to explain the Charlie
Ross affair, but death came as soon as
the name passed his lips."
Committee of Fifteen.
Pr«=l<5^nt William H. Baldwin Jr. of the
committee of fifteen gave out a significant
Interview after the committee had been In
executive ppspion for two hours fn their
ifflcp In th»* I'nited Charities building Sir
Baldwin declined to go into any details'
regarding the meeting, but he said:
"You may rest assured that our hired
investigators will grot all the evidence
there is and that when L«ewis Nixon's
committee of five gets through wo will
be able to take up their work there and
carry it to a finish. The Tammanv com
mittee is all right and is doinp pood
work. It will accomplish Its purpose
Matters of such magnitude and impor
tance and so far reaching were diPcus-sed
by our committee that it is absolutely im
possible for me to say another word."
Californians In Hew York.
S. Loeh is at the Hoffman: G. TV. Max
well is= at the Broadway Central- M A.
Frank i? at the Herald Square. All' are
from San Francisco.
— — — —^__ ___ _ (
Indictment of Four Men
Who Are Accused of the
Conspiracy.
« — ¦
"Wholesale Traffic in Bead Bodies
Between Bellevue Hospital and
SWINDLING WITH
BOGUS POLICIES
The British steamer TanagTa, Captain
Marster. arrived at Bremen yesterday
from Savannah and Norfolk, via Fa'
mouth, with fire In her cotton cargrv 300
bales already having been damaged by
fire and 300 by water.
The Senate has re-elected M. Fallleres
as president of that house without oppo
sition.
Abdication of a King.
A Paris special says. The Danish Min
ister here. J. H. von Beggermann-Unden
crone, in an Interview regarding reports
from Copenhagen that the King of Den
mark. Christian IX. was disposed to ab
dicate In favor of his son. Prince Freder
ick, said:
"Such a story greatly surprises me, a*
the King, in spite of his years, is in such
vigorous health that the little difference*
of International politics do not fatigue
him. He is still very capable of govern
ing, but, of course, he may decide other
wise. I cannot say what he will do."
Cotton Cargo on Fire.
A Paris special saya. M. Deschanel, in
resuming the presidency of the Chamber
of Deputies to-day, said he wotjld exer
cise his office with perfect impartiality
and hoped the deliberations would bs
calm and fruitful. The new century, he
said, was likely to see profound trans
formations. All Frenchmen, therefore,
must remain closely united. They should
be more moderate in polemics and mnri'
tolerant and respectful toward others'
convictions. They must have an active
diplomacy, supported by a powerful army,
united and respected, and by a finance
carefully controlled.
Von Kanitz, the Agrarian leader, em
phasized that while the Conservative-*
were constrained to support the move
ment they still attached the greatest val
ue to the maintenance of the friendship
with Russia.
Frenchmen Ttfust Be United.
A Berlin special say:.: The Agrarians
scored another point in behalf of sericul
ture In the Reichstajr to-day, during the
debate on the estimates of the Depart
ment of the Imperial Chancellor, In pro
curing the reference to the Budget Com
mittee of a resolution bv which Russian
corn consigned to Prussian Baltic ports
will. In future, be obliged to pay higher
freight charges on German railways, un
less destined for expert over the sea.
The remainder of the will divides An
dree's property between his brother and
Agrarians Again Score.
"I write to-day probably my last testa
ment, and therefore it is legally valid. I
write on the eve of a journey full of dan
gers such as history has yet never been
able to snow. My presentiment tells me
that this terrible journey will signify my
death."
• LONDON, Jan. 10.— A dispatch from Vi
enna says: Professor Andree's will, m
which he gave instructions that It should
be opened at the end of 1300 In case he ha»l
not returned from hl3 balloon excursion
to the Xorth Pole, has now been read. I:
is accompanied by a series of letters from
prominent scientists, rncourastng him In
the dangerous enterprise, and one from
M. De Fouvelle. wanting him against it.
On this letter Andree had written in pen
cil:
"It Is possible he ma> be right, but now
it is too late. I have :narte my prepara
tions and cannot now draw back."
The win Itself Is verv short and the in
troduction seems to show that Andree ex
pected the fate that awaited him. Tha
text begins:
In His Will the Notsd Explorer
Wrote That He Felt -He
"Was Approaching His
Doom.
Foreshadows His Fate Be
fore Departing for the
North Pole.
PROF. ANDREE'S
PRESENTIMENT
ICEMAN JOHN MAHONEY
PROVES TO BE A HERO
Bravely Stops a Runaway Team on
RED MEN ARE RAISED UP
BY GREAT COUNCIL CHIEFS
¦ ? ¦ ¦ ¦
An Unusual Ceremony in the Native
Sons' Hall in Public
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 11, 1901.
',', A. Trapani "-: sued -'. Ki3h Commissioners
Vogelsang,'; Gould and 'Morrison in the
Justice ; Court i yesterd;uy ,to recover the
sura of $299. 'In his' complaint Trapani al
leges 'that' v he •'• purchased/ 2200 pounds of
fresh ' salmon :, In . the open | market for the
purpose of curing the came and thereafter
selling i it as ;dried salmon:"* Thereupon;" it
is alleged; the Fish Commissioners. unlaw
fully : took- possession' of the -salmon and
distxjsed.of the same to. their, own use.
Fish Commissioners Sued.
MENTO, Jan. 10.— Boss Martin Kelly was
In the Assembly lobby when Speaker Pen
dleton announced the standing commit
tees. Whatever onlnion others may en
tertain regarding | the unworthiness and
unfltnes- of the various assignments, the
fact Is significant that j Boss Kelly gives
his unreserved commendation of the ap
pointments. Kelly strenuously . denies
that ' a bargain -was entered | Into before
the Palace Hotel conference was held. He
Insists that the San Francisco bunch had
such implicit confidence in Pendleton that
no pledges were exacted. «¦ ,¦- -
The announcement recently made In The
Call to the effect that the Speaker " had
been elected to membership In the Good
Government Club,' 1 of which Sam Ralney
is president and Martin Kelly 'secretary.
Is declared to.be premature; Ralney was
here yesterday and looked -the Speaker
over, but- the subject of his election- was
postponed until * after - the announcement
of the Btanding: committees. .It will now
be ; considered and the Speaker's election
Is recarded'as certain. - ¦¦- •¦¦¦¦. .
;Jere Burke, of the Southern Pacific is
here again. He returned from San Fran
cisco last' night. Herrin came no farther
than Sixteenth street;. Oakland. ----- .- , :
The Legislature would -be. gratified v to
see the new president, Charles M. Hays
and again 1 receive renewed assurances
that the company is'out of politics. It is
safe to run up at night and place. the car
over behind the Icehouse. :
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SIGNATURE (Li/\
\ \X+f*^ GUARANTEES
/Tliebig
COMPANY'S
BEWARE OF "JUST AS GOODS"
Smuseum of anatohy^
0 Gb i:3 maxi? st. d«*, earn. e.r.ca. d
T Hr Tlw L«^tstAn»toci!c»l Maseamin the \
A ,', Aj,_ WoMd. Vr«hkatts«» er toy contracted il
t 35 Sri «llie»tep«-«itlw*lye»r»ln»t)icold«t T
& fSyl SptotUunttuCMil Eit30y?uv 9
1 i AJ2£*1 OR- JOflDAX-PKrVATE DISEASES $
Fnra&B tosnltattoo fre« and strL-tfr prWifj \
I jSWJf Tmnaent personally or by letter. A A
I 7«l fo*lw* CW. In norj c»vt undertaken. W
i HI ll& w,, u r« B«>k. paiLOnur«v t r A
¦ if nT m*BaiASB, MAiuo'van, *a»
9 tr ' *•'*¦•&¦• book to * mra i \
¦ ' fltt JORDAN A €•., 10M Market St.. S. R f
' '
DR.MEYERS&CO. «g|3'l%
Specialists. Disease jPsBi? - *¦
and weakness of fiSfsS ¦
men. Established T&l '"'j^/^Sn
1SS1. Consultation Wr% 1&fr'\2j
and private book v$Jv \"jr -A*
free, at office or by Tll^-i -vrff^il
malL Cures g-uar- V&RhJtJBf— 3*
anteed. 7iJ 1 Mar- NSvlff&'fif
ket street (elevator i^V^wlM?
entrance), San v^LVflN^B^L
Weak Men and Women
4iHOUJLL) USE DAMIANA BITTERS THE
vJffreat Mexican remedy; fives rhealtij and
Btwngth to »«tu*l organs. Depot, S3 Market*
. ¦ . ¦ • .Louis Taussig's Will.
The' will of Louis Tausslg, who died
January 5. leaving: an estate valued at
$lf<0,000. was tiled for probate yesterday
Decedent bequeaths several pieces of real
estate. The residue of the estate Is be
queathed to Annette Taussig-. decendent's
widow, who is named as executrix to
serve without bpnds.
Ng Yip Hoy. an old Chinese, who lived
at the corner of Bakers alley and Dupont
street, committed suicide last night under
peculiar circumstances. Hoy was a la
borer, but on account of sickness had been
unable to work for some time past. George
Downey, a special officer in Chinatown,
visited the sick man. and finding him des
titute and friendless decided to send him
to a hospital that he might receive atten
tion. While on his way to arrange for his
removal Downey saw the Chinaman jump
from the three-story building in which he
lived to the pavement in Bakers allev.
The man was still breathing when Dow
ney went to his aid, though he was bleed
ing profusely from a deep gash in his
head. The Receiving Hospital ambulance
was Font for. but before it arrived the
man was dead. The bodv was removed
to the Morgue.
The Chinese custom when a man is
about to die 16 to have him removed to an
undertaker, where he may pass his last
hours. Hoy evidently desired to avoid
the unpleasant waiting: period and deter
mined to end his sufferings at once.
So He Jumps Prom the Third-Story
Window of His Abode, E«-
ceiving Injuriss That
Prove Fatal.
Ng Yip Hoy Refuses to Wait
Till Disease Ends
His Life.
OLD CHINAMAN
COURTS DEATH
Special Police Officer and a Night
Watchman Arrive in Time to
Rescue the Man From
Drowning.
D. T. Meyers, a blacksmith livine and
doing business at 3-)',_ Vallejo street,
claims that after deliverinc some
tools that he had sharpened for workmen
employed in the vicinity of the Pacific
Ma!! <iock. early last «.\ening, he was at
tacked by three men at the corner of
Beale and Bryant streevs. and after beinj;
beaten and robbed of $5 he was thrown
into the bay. He was rescued by Special
Police Officer Herlihy _,;id a night watch
mar..
Meyers claims that whiTe he was com
ing: along the bend of Hir.con hill, in the
dark shadows, three men. one of whom
he claims he would know again, ap
proached him. One of them hit him in
the fa<~e and knocked him down and then
went through his pockets. After taking
all the charge they cculd find tn his poc
ket, they carried him along to a conveni
ent spot. The next thine that Meyers
recollects was being fished out of the bav
He was removed to ihe Receivlnc Hospi
tal, where the salt water was pumped out
of him by Dr. Boskowitz.
Aftar Robbing a Blacksmith
They Throw Him Into
the Bay.
THUGS SEEK
TO SLAY VICTIM
Native Sons Will Entertain.
The first entertainment and ball of the
century, under the auspices of the Native
Sons,, will be given by Dolores Parlor No.
208, the "baby parlor", of the order, to
morrow evening at-. Mission .Opera Hall
Mission street, between Seventeenth and
Eighteenth. The best of local tal
ent has been'secured and. the rambers ani
friends of the parlor ara assured an en
joyable evening. . •
Accused of . Raising - Notes.
Gon Dyer,' a private in the United States
army, was arrested at the Presidio yes
terday by United States Marshal Shine on
a warrant from "Wolf County,', Kentucky.
Dyer was indicted by the Grand Jury in
that county for rateing several one-dollar
bills to ten-dollar bills. Shortly after his
Indictment he went to Frankfort and en
listed in a Kentucky regiment that was
Koinp to be sent to the Philippines and
ho arrived with his comrades in this <;ity
yesterday morning. He will be examined
by Commissioner Heacock : next Wednes
day. • --.-¦¦,¦¦- '
Wanted! A citizen of this city. who will
Journry to Brunswick. Ga., and repre
sent the San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce at the National Maritime Congress,
which will conveve on January 39, 1901,'.
While the foregoing .advertisement has
not been published in the columns of the
local papers. Secretary Scott would like
the residents of this State to know that a
worthy man is wanted to represent the
chamber at this important conference.
The distance between here and Bruns
wick, Ga., is many miles and the railroad
fare is high, and at this season of the year
the members of the organization neither
have the time nor inclination to undertake
the journey. Rather man have the In
vitation extended by C. D. Ogg, secretary
of the Brunswick Board of Trade,
slighted, an appeal is made to 'any citizen
who is going Kast to call upon Secretary
Scott and receive cr«lentials.
The congress is called by Governer A. D.
Candler of Georgia to discuss and sug
gest plans for extending the commerce \of
this country and . building a merchant
marine worthy of the nation. .The con
gress will urge American ships for Amer
ican cargoes and hasten, the tlme % when
American-built ships wll-be sold, abroad,
as are now other American products.
The call Issued by. Governor Candler Is,
in part, as follows:
STATE OF GBORGIA.
Executive Department,
Impressed with the Importance of creating an
interest in the maritime business of the United
States and a sentiment: that may tend-to re
otoro its former prestlgre as a great commercial
power, I have deemed it proper to issue a call
for a national maritime congress, to assemble
at Brunswick, Ga., on the 30th day of January.
1901. ;
In the interest, thereforej of patriotism and
the commercial welfare of i the citizens of the
United States, I trust the object of this call
will receive that consideration from those wIm
feel an interest in the promotion of the.mari
time greatness of our ; country to which its
lmDortance entitles it. . " ' . . .
for a Volunteer to Rep
resent It.
Chamber of Commerce Asks
WANTS A CITIZEN
TO TRAVEL EAST
The action by which Armlda Bertocchi
seeks a decree of divorce from Glovann'
Bertocchi on the ground of cruelty is on
triar before Judge Troutt. The litigants
are prominent In Italian society, Mrs.
Bertocchi being a sister-in-law of G. Cos
ta, a director In a local Italian bank and
well known In the financial world.
Mrs. Bertocchi, who was corroborated
by Mr. Costa, testified that her husband,
habitually treated her in a cruel manner
and stinted her In their household ex
penses. Frequently, she testified, her hus
band left her 10 cents to purchase neces
saries for the day and when she expostu
lated he would instilt her. On one occa
sion, she testified, he struck her on tho
face, and again, in September last, drove
her from their home.
Bertocchi took the stand in hia own de
fense and complained that his wife fre
ouentlv drank and waa negligent in hav
ing his meals ready for "im. Further
hearing of the case was continued until
this mornlnz. -~
The action by -which Donald J. Standish
sought a decree annulling his marriage to
Pauline Standlsh on the ground that the
same was invalid by reason of having
been solemnized In Nevada In violation of
the California law prohibiting divorcees
from remarrying within one year from
the date of the decree, was dismissed yes
terday. A reconciliation has been effected
between the litigants, it is said.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Angela Devincenzi from Emello
Devincenzl for cruelty: Mary J. Booth
from George H. Booth for willful neglect,
and Stephen M. Katzer from Annit Katzer
for infidelity.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Mary C. Smith against George C.
Smith for failure to provide: Robert S.
Campbell against Catherine Campbell fo^
desertion, and Salvatore Sanese against
Angela Sanese for desertion.
Denies that He Was Cruel
to His Wife and Avers
That She Drank.
1 - va STRELLA WILMOTT, the former
I u sweetheart cf the Inimitable
™"^ "Teddy" Hartman, has returned
|l to San Francisco after an ab
senco of several years. She is
billed to appear before the footlights at
the Alhambra Sunday evening In Thall &
Kennedy's latest success, "A Stranger In
a Strange Land."
Miss Wilmott will be remembered as
a former member of the Tivoll Company
here, and before she went East it was
said she would soon become Mrs. Hart
man, but It now appears that the affec
tions of the two were' but a temporary
fancy, for Miss Wilmott comes back to
San Francisco as the wife of Charles De
land, who is also a member of the cast
of "A Stranger in a Strange Land." Miss
Wilmott has a host of friends here and
she will doubtless be accorded a warm re
ception.
THEY "BEAT THE BARRIE'R."
"Nell Gwynne."
Alcazar Filled by Actors Who ; Hear
The "professional matinee" at the Al
cazar Theater yesterday afternoon was a
great success. The house was full, of
"skulls," signifying that nearly every one
occuplng a seat had "beaten the barrier."
They had interviewed Louis Morganstern
at the box office and had established
themselves as actoft or actresses and
were accordingly" extended the courtesies
of the house.
As early as 1 o'clock O'Farrell street
bee-an to present the appearance of New
York's "Rlalto." The news had been
posted on the boards ofr the local theate-a
that- a performance of "The Adventures
of Nell Gwynne" was to be produced for
the special benefit of the actor folk, and
the players of all degrees responded. There
was the young man with the long hair
and the long coat who saye one line.
BERT0CCHI MAKES
COUNTER CHARGES
"Back to the mines, you dogs," in "Dark
est Russia"; the young lady who is
taking elocution lessons and thinks she
Is already a Sara B., and the actor who
has played "Juveniles" with several barn
storming companies and proudly declares
that he never yet had to wire home for
his ticket.
One man who looked like aof antedilu
vian cardriver blew up to the box office.
"Did he belong to the profession?"
"Well, he liked that. He handled 'props*
with Mark Thall in the old Bush thirty
years ago." He was followed by a young
man who was out at the knees. "Yes, he
was an actor, and he never worked for
less than three figures a week"; and so
the stream continually poured into the
theater. They were all happy and vigor
ously applauded every scene, the men at
the close of each act going into the lobby
and with their hatchets knocking the
performance harder than the stage hands*,
who were nailing up trees and moon ef
fects.
In the second act when the bad men
exclaim, "Hark, they come: we will es
cape to the woods," a messenger boy who
had oozed into the showhouse was heard
to remark, "It's all off; they have made
to the tall and uncut timbers," and he
was scowled down by those around him
and held, to be in very bad form.
One actor arrived late. He presented his
card to the box office and asked for a
seat on the "prompt" side of the house.
He explained that he was used to "that
side and from force of habit would bs
very nervous if not in close proximity
to the man who filled the memory lapses.
He was given a seat in a box and from
his frequent mutterings appeared to be
on good speaking terms with himself. He
was asked how he enjoyed the perform
ance, and with a frozen glare stated that
San Francisco was not prepared for
cold weather or good acting."
One young lady purchased a seat and
explained that though she could not b^
an actress she hoped to be at least a cor
rect listener, and wanted to learn how
the profesh behaved -themselves when
witnessing a performance. >
Glen Ellen Horn? Is Full and Other
Charitable Institutions Decline
to Take Her.
Secretary M. J. White of the Children's
Society is in a quandary. He has on his
hand3 pretty little Irene Lenehan, whom
he is unable to place in any one of the
many charitable institutions of this city
because she is feeble-minded. His only
hope of placing, the little one In an Insti
tution for the feeble-minded was dissi
pated yesterday, when he was informed,
that the home at Glen Ellen was over
crowded and had a long waiting list.
Irene is the daughter of John Lenehan,
who lives at 313 Mateo street. Her mother
is alleged to have run away last January
and the father is said to be unfit to care
for the child. The unfortunate child is
being cared for by the society, but Secre
tary White is weighed down with respon
sibility, as he must find a permanent home
for her. It is thought that with proper
care and treatment the little girl can be
cured of her affliction. She Is healthy
and possesses some intelligence.
The Legislature, now in session, will be
asked to pass a measure similar to the
one adopted at the last session, appropri
ating" money for the enlargement of the
Eldredge Home for Feeble-minded at Glen
Kllen. The Governor vetoed that meas
ure.
NO PLACE FOR LITTLE
FEEBLE-MINDED GIBL
The jury was composed of M. Lusten
berger. Robert Hodge, H. Dabelsteln. Hv
Slerloty, P. Lippltt, F.. T. Roberts. Fred
Veleger, C. C. Risers. Harry Sayles. W.
Wilby, B. Relnhold and S. H. Daniels.
The defendant had expected an acquittal
and was disappointed that a verdict of
even simple assault had been returned
against her.
Angelina M. Abbott Will Escape
With a Sentence of Not More
Than Ninety Bays.
The Jury In the case of Angelina M. Ab
bott, charged with assault to murder for
shooting De Witt Clinton, the actor, on
the night of June 14 last brought In a
verdict yesterday of -simple assault, the
extreme penalty being ninety days In the
County Jail. They, were out about an
hour, and It was said 'that if it had not
been for a. letter which the defendant sent
Clinton in this city a day before the
shooting in which she reviled him In ob
scene language she would have been, ac
quitted. Judge Cook will sentence' her to-
CLINTON'S NEMESIS
CONVICTED OF ASSAULT
ESTRELLA WILMOT, WHO RETURNS TO SAN FRANCISCO AS A BRIDE
AND A MEMBER OF THE "STRANGER IN A STRANGE LAND" COM
PANY." • ;
In appreciation of twenty-five years of
untiring: labor devoted to the cause of
love and mercy, a room in the Children's
Hospital was yesterday dedicated to Alr^.
W. B. Harrington, who is now serving an
president of the board of managers. The
scene at the dedication., which took place
at the close of the regu:ar annual meeting
of the^board, which was held yesterday,
was exceedingly pathetic. It was all a
surprise to the worthy recipient and she
could not find words to respond to the
dedication speeches of Mrs. L. L. Dunbar
and Mrs. "W. T. Fonda. Her snence, how
ever, evinced her feelings more clearly
than words. A panel on which Mrs. Har
rington's name has been exquisitely
carved will be placed above the door. :
Yesterday the hospital completed the
twenty-fifth year of iis existence. It has
grown from an insignificant structure on
Taylor street, with deficient equipments,
to its present magnificent size and equip
ment. The last year has been an ex
tremely prosperous one for the Institution.
Appreciation of the stability of. the hospi
tal has materially increased. This la
shown in the increase in the number of
bequests. Extensions have been madP to
the hospital buildings. A wing has been
added to the surgical department and a
home for the use of forty-five nurses has
been built.
During: the year $51,227 95 was expended
and a little over $20,000 was received from
patients. The bequests and donations
amounted to more than $0000 and six me
morial beds were endowed. More than
10.000 patients were treated, 601 of which
were children, of whom one-half were in
digent. It is the rule of the hospital nev
er to turn away a patient that can pos
sibly be accommodated.
The officers who were elected to servo
during the ensuing year are as follows:
President. Mrs. W. E. Harrington; vice presi
dents, Mrs. William Hardy and Mrs. J. F.
Merrill: recording secretary. Mrs. L. L. Dun
bar: correepor.dlnsr secretary, Mrs. H. E.
Bothin: treasurer, Mrs. H. B. Montague.
Hoard of trustees — H. L. Dodge, John F.
Merrill, W. F. Whittier, John Taylor and "W.
J. Dutton.
Visiting- staff— Lucy M. F. Wanzer, M. D. ;
Harry M. Sherman. M. D. ; Emma Sutro Mer
rltt, M. D. ; William E. Hopkins, M. - D. ;
Charles A. von Ho.Tm.ann, M. D.; Beverly
MacMonagle, M. D. ; William B. Lewitt, M.
D.; William Watt Kerr, M. D.; Adelaide
Crown, M. D. : Frances R. Sprague, M. £>..
and S. J. Hunkln. M. D.
Assistant visiting .staff— Harold Brunn. M.
D.; Alice M^Woods. M. D.; H. Du R. Phelan,
M. D., and Edward K. Hopkins. M. D.
Pathologist, Harold LSrunn. M. D. ; chemist, 8
Harry East. Miller, Ph. G. ; dentist, Mary L.
Baird, V. D. S.; anesthetist, Mary E. Bots
ford, II. D.
Dispensary Clinicians— Emma Sutro Merrltt,
M. D.; Frances R. Sprague, M. D. : Alice" M.
Woods, M. D. ; Emma Lafontalne, M. D. ; Mary
P. Campbell, M. D.; Louise B. Deal, M. D.,
and .Edward K. Hopkins, M. D. /
Assistant clinicians— Mary J. SanJcey, M. D.,
and Florence Scott, M. D.
The Close of. a Quarter of a Century
of Charitable Work Finds
the Institution Flour
ishing.
Room in Children's Hospital
Dedicated to Mrs. W-
B. Harrington.
WORK OF A NOBLE
WOMAN REWARDED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 11, 1901.
Former Sweetheart of 'Teddy" Hart
man Is Now the Wife of Charles
Deland, the Actor.
ESTRELLA WILMOTT
RETURNS TO CHARM
California Miners' Association.
The executive; committee o? the Califor
nia Miners' Association will meet in spe
cial session at the t'nirn League Club
Saturday night at 8 o'clock for the pur
pose of taking action regarding needed
legislation.
5
KUCTHERS fAVlFlV ronrAITY.
(P-OiriC 8TKTKM.1
Train !••.-• ««_nl i»r» .!«•«• •• arrl»« «•
HAS r'lliM'IM'O.
(Main Lii.f . Foot of lltrket Street)
lkate — From Jakcakt 1. 1901. — ajiriti
7:3O» Benida, Sui»uu, Eliaira, Vacarllla,
Bumiej and Uacramento ?:4!)r
7:30 a D_ri», WoodUnd. Knlehtl L-ndine.
M>xriTme,N>rorIlle. 7:*3p
T:3Oa Atlantic i:»rre»»— Ogdeei and Kaat IStlSr
t>:*«tA Martinet, 6»u Ramon, Vallejo, Kapa,
CalUtoga and S»nU Host OilSr
6:OOa Kl!ee, Litermore. Trier, Lathrop,
Stockton 7tl3r
S:S« A Sbuu » rpress— D&tIs. WOllmms (for
Bwtlett Srrincs), Willow.. Kod
BluS. PortUud. 7:43r
¦tl*A S»u Joie. Ltfermoie, Stockton,
loua, Kaerameuta 1'Ucrrftile,
M»rj«Til!<-. Cblco. Ke<t llluiT 4il.1c
*:SUa O_kd_,e, Chiaeae, eiouora. C*rten... 4il9p
«:«Oa lUjwirdu, Nilesaod Way Ht.tioui. I 1:49a
»i«Oa Lot Acreles EiiweM — Martinez.
Tracr, L-tbrop. ntoekton. Mcrocd
Fresno and IiOs Acgeles ?:13r
9:3*A VaJlr}.>. Martinez mi Way Station. 8:4.1f
IO:»«a Tbe O»erl*ud LI mi led — Ogdeo, I>e»-
Ter, Omaha, Cblcafo 9Air
I 1:00a Mlrg. 8toekton, Hacramrnto, Men.
dota, Frrsno, Hanford. VUalla,
lVrtcrillle «il»P
I 1 :O»a LlTennore, SaDB«r. Goahen Juno-
tion, Btkersfield. Los Angeles
tl:Oftr Sacramento liWer. Steamer* f3:0CA
»:«Mir HaywardK, Niln and War BUUoni. 0:*3p
<:««!• Mulltirr. Han lUinoii. Vallejo.
N«l-». < f «ll«N.__. .s»iitu Itoaa Mil 3»
«t*«r Benlda. Winters. Sacramento.
Wooiliaml. Knf.hU Landing,
MarriTllle, Orotille 10:49a
4i3npH«rwarda. Mle« and Kau Joie tK>45A
StOOf N'i.et lirarmore. Stoektoa LodJ ... IO:43a
•SiOOr HuMrt Limited, El Paso, New
Orleao* and Eut cIOxISa
9:00rTfae (»wl limited— Traer. Freioo.
Bakenfleld. Hatigni (or Sauta Bar-
bars, Los Angles l»il»A
SsOOp Vew Orlrasf Kxpress— ItakersOeld.
Manta Hi.rli.ra. It, • Ani'lei, lJfin-
log, El Fmo, New Orleans and
Eut 7««»
fl:OOr Harvarda, NIleiaiidHau Joie Til.i*
4«tO«r V»li«Jo ¦¦¦ I l«4»4
«,*»r Oriental MaU— Offden. Obeyeona.
Omaha, Cblc.go 18:13*
•i«Or Oriental Mall-Ogden, Denrer.
Oaaba, Chicago. 4:I5r
7:«»r Oregon and California Uxi'rem.Hae-
riuiieiito. Man-rille. Itnlilln.,
!-n,il«...|. Piifit Hound and Kaat S<43_
liMr Ban Pab'.o. Port « 'ueta, Mtrtfncz
and Way Wtatioui 1 I«4.1a
1»»O5p Vallfjo 7><5 r
COAST III VISION (.Varr.iT loii^f).
(Foot of M-rket Street.)
«:I3a Me«ark,C>iiterTll!e,>SanJos9,relton,
Boulder Creek,8anU Or u i and Way
Btatloua •'»<"
t*ilSp Newark, C«nterTlll«. Han Jose, New
Almadeo, Felton. llouldnr Creek,
BaDta Craz and Principal Way
Stations ilO:5O*
4tlSp Newark, 8an Jose. LosGatot 8:30a
<r*:3Op HunUra' Ejccunlon. Ban Joae and
WayStationa t*«»«»P
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrimSU rRHClSCO-rut if Kitiil SlriiUSlii!)—
!":15 900 11:00A.M. 1:03 3:33 8:03 r.u.
TfK 01 tHHS— F»«l aT Braadw**. — tii.ao tH:O0 tS:05
10O8t.ii. 1.X3 8:03 t:03 8;j8r.u.
€UAST blflSIOIf (Hro«.l<Un«f).
(Thlnl m.d Townneml Ht«.) =
1«tl«A Ocean View. Houtb Man rr_uci«o.... fo«Bor
TiOVa Han .Iom a,ii<l War Htntl»tis (New
Alniadoti Wedueadartoiilr) l:SOr
ViOOa Han .Inae. Tres I'litos, Hunta Crnr,
Furil'ic (iroie, J'.B'i Knblel, San
I. ills OM.po. Hnrf. Ix>mpoe and
l'rii.c!;-! Way stations 4rl«p
l«i«»» Ean Jois and War Htatloin 0i33*
IIiSOa Kan .lot- and Wajr Stttlom Si3Or
tai«3p fian Mateo. Redwood, Mrnlo Park,
• Palo Alto, tianta Clara, Han .Inse.
Tres Plnos. Hauta Cruz. Salinas. -
Monterey ami I'aclfle OroTe 1I«:H«»
?Ii«"r Pan-Toieaild Way .Station! 7l3o r
1*:l 5r Ban Joieand Principal W»y Htatloin II: IS a
t3:U»rSaD Joae, Los Gatos and Principal
TTay Ktationa |OiOO»
SsSop San Joae and Principal Way Station* S:83a
fi:3«r8anJ(jie and War Station* t*: fll| A
Cll:43r San .Irneand Wir Stations 7:30f
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
tKtniriay eicepted. 1 buud.y oalj.
f Mondayn, Wednesdays, Fridays,
c Turtdt js. Tburadara, bandajv -
a gaturd-F oclf .
' COAL, COKE AND Pld IRON.
I C ' 1VII SHN & f 0 9on B a"ery Street*
J-Lf- nlLDUll O. VU-. Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
CW SMITH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat and
• IT- Jlllllll- Ship Work a specialty. 16 and
JS Washington st. Telephone Main 8841.
FRRSH AND SALT MEATS.
IAS RfiYF^ * fli Shipping Butchers. 104
J A J- DU1C3S L/U- Clay. Tel. Main 1234.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS,
418 Front St., S. F. Phone Main 1719.
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. rn.
FA OC $12 First Class Including Berth
rAnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Sails Jan. 13. 23. Feb. 2
GEO. W. ELDER Sails Jan. 8. IS. 23
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
«30 Market st.
PRINTING.
F f HIIfiHF^ PRINTER,
I* V» llUUUQJi Ell Sansome St.. S. F.
. PRINTERS. BOOK BINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.,
23 First St., San Francisco.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL: ?_&*&__&
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal in tha
market. Office and Yards— 450 Main street- •
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic ' PAPTRIDflP 306 California
Codes. rAKlHIUUC street.
3P< J MARKFT ST. S F
1 ."PATENTS?. +
DEWEY.STRONG&CO,
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU-.
Thu#»day, January J«. 1*H
SS. NIPPON MARIT .'
Tuesday. February ». 1301
SS. AMERICA MARU
.-..Fr{day. March 13, 1501
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fcr-
freight and passage apply at company's of flee.
411 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
GB H n g ff& LaOln & Rand Waterproof
I R^B%. Smoke!«*a Powder. In bulk
I . p RlH anrt In.-idfil In shells. S^nd
a BlH_ 9 toT catalogue of sporUnar
1 « Ur eoods. GEO. W. SHRETE.
739 Market street. .
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.'
HEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARia. '
Stoppintr at Chcrbourif. ¦westbotuid.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Frlesland Jan. "3 Kensington Feb. 13
Vaderland Jan. 30 St. Lculs Feb. 20
New York .Feb. 6 New York Feb. S7
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New* York Every Wednesday. 12 Xoon.
Frlesland Jan. 23|Kenslngton Feb. 13
Southwark Jan. 30 Noordland Feb. 20
Westernland ...Feb. 61 Frlesland Feb. 27
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
i- 1 1 A S. I), i A \ X./ 'Ii,
General Aeent Faciflc Coast.
30 Montsromery st.
AAiaaniA Q Q _Pa "***"• um > SEW
occanit^.5.to. js^®®
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)....
.„¦.... Friday, January 1S, N 2 p. m...
SS SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New
'Zealand and Australia..
! , ...Wednesday. January 23. at 9 p. m.
SS. 'AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti "••; —
\. ..Friday. February 8,"4 p. m.
j. D.SFBEGtELS & BROS. CO., Gmerai Agents. 327 Hariiit St
e_n"l Passer.gar 0!to, 643 Hirket St., Fiv No. 7. Pacif? St
COMFAONIS GENERALS THANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVKE-PABIS.
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of <£?>C___i
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ¦=**«»
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre; Ji3 and upward. Second class to
Havre $43 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflc Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue. Ban Francisco. Tickets
sold hv all KaHroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
• Steamer, V*l#-ttlcello."
MON., Tues., Wed., .Thurs. and Sat. at $:«
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thur». night); Fri-
days, 1 p. ,tn.~. and 8:30:" Sundays. 10:30 a. m., S
¦ p. m. ' Landing and office. , Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. . Telephone Main 1508.
FARE ...........BOO.
sMrlistifcsinasi-riiw nri n Tnimi'i">T> i>rrrrin'mfis—lMssTTms->^ss-issyassis«— sMmW
- PANAMA R.'R. .35?
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Special Reduced Cabin Fare, $75.
S.S. ST. PAUL sails January 29.
S. S. ROAHQKE sails Fetery 19.
From wharf, " toot of Fremont st.. at 3 p. m.
Freight and passenger. office. 330 Market v,
F. F. CONNOR. PaciSc Coast A««^
OR: GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHOEA. GLEETS,
STRICTURES and anal igrous complaints of tha
Organs of Generation. ¦ -' . »-.
Price Jl a bottla. For sale hv dxusutlsU.
W/. T. HESS.
K0TAB7 tOjSilJ ANJ ATTOttririf-AT-LV*.
Tenth Floor, Room 101?. Claus ¦ Spreekels Bldg."
Telephone Brown 931. ,
Residence,' £21 California >st., below Powell.
San Francisco.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallt* Ftrry.
Commencing September SO. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAI_I_BT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
I WEEK DAYS— €:66. »S:15. 11:00 a, m.. n:4S
I:li. 4^)0. 6:16. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TItlPS— For Mill Valley and Ban
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Sat-
urdays at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS-'8:00. 'lC:©©. '11:30 a. m,. 'lai,
1:15, »4:4J. «:30. 9:00 p. m.
Train* marked <•) run to San Quenttn.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:20. •«.«). 7:4S, »:20 a. m..
•12:80. 1:45. 4:80, 5:20 p. tn.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondayi. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at fi:4S and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:M. •8:00. •10:00. «U:45 a, m.,
•1:40. »2:15. 4:45. »«:S0 p. m.
Train* marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-«:45. «:45. 7:55. 9:30 a. m..
11-.J5. J:10. 8:80. 4:64. 8:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:15. 1:30.
5:00, t:45 p. m.
• THROUGH TRAINR
«:85 a. m. week daya— Casadero and way
etaUona.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomalea and way
nations.
t:00 a, m. Sundays— Tomalea • and way
stations. -
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon perry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
TIBtT.ON FERRT-FOOT OF MARKET 8T.
WKLK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:K. IM,
I '.' . €:30 p. rr. Thursdays — £xtra trip at 11:34
p. tn. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:60 and
11:80 r. m.
BUNDATS— S:00, 8:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:». 3:3«, 6:00,
€:S0 p. ra.
San Ratoel to San Francisco.
"WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:L0. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
S.40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:U
and ' • ' 7 xn.
EUNDAY&-6:10. »:«. 11:10 a. xn.; 1:46. 1:40. 5:05.
C:2S p. si.
Ektwn Fan Francisco and Schuetxeo Park,
ram* Fcf»i3_le a- above.
Leave ) In Effect I Arrive
Sea Francisco. I Nov. 7. lSKX). | Ban Francisco.
'"week I Sun- I j Sun- I 'Week
Day-, j days. I Deirtinatlon. ! days. | Days.
7:30 ami S:CO ara! Novato, 1 10:40 ami 8:40 am
340 pnvj 9:30 am Petalutna. I «:0S pm!10:K am
6:10 pm! 6:00 pm| Santa Rosa. | 7:25 pm| €:Ti pm
~ Kultcn. J
7:S0 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healfisburc.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
8:80 pm g:00«m Cloverdale. 7:»pm C:22 pm
"7:30 ami 1 Hopland I I
| 8:O0am| and LTclah. 1 7:SSpm| <:g pm
T:I0am) j I 110:25 am
j 6:00 am! Ouernevllle. 7:35 pm]
8:S0pmJ 1 t:Z2 pm
7:20 ami 1 :00 am I Eonoma 1:15 ami 1:40 am
j and
6:10 pm' E:OC pm! Glen Ellen. «:06 pm| «:22 pm
-:J0am: «:00aml J10:40 am!l»:2» «m
5:30 pml 6:00 pm| Sebastopoi. I 7:25 pm| 6:22 pm
F?»r*» <wiii»rt at Eanta. Rofia for Mark West
Fprincrs and Whit* Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for AHrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Bprlngs; at
Ger»<rvUl« for Fkarc Fprlr.g»; at Cloverdale
lor the Geyspre; at Hopland for Duncan
fcprlngs. HigMand Pprln-s. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. 6oda Bay. IJekeport and Bartlett
Sprlntrs: at Uklah tor Vichy Spring*. Earatoca
6prtrr«. Blue L<akea, L«urel Dell Lake. Witter
t-pnnr«. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Dar"«. Rlverride. Llerler*-. Bucknell's.
Kax.hedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Sprlnrs.
Mendodoo City. Kort Ura-p. We«tport. Ur*l.
Willetts. L«>tonv«le, Cummlnri. Beiri Eprlnf*
Harris, OUer.s, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Baturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond 6an RaTael »t half ratea.
Ticket office. €S0 Market ft.. Chronicle build-
lr.g. R - X- RTAN.
H C. WHITING. Gen. Pa««. A»t.
Gen. Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaves San Fra-ici-co, -\"la Sausallto Ferry:
WEEK DAYS »:15 a. m.; 1:46 and 4:09 p. ra.
EUXD AYS.... ...8:00, 10;00. 11:20 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare, San Francisco to Summit and return.
%l 40
NEW TAVERN OF TAMALPAIS NOW OPEN.
Ticket offices. *.T\ Market rt.. Rausallto Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
GUO KEAB5TT KT. Established
in 1634 (or the treatment «f Private
Diw-a»es. Lo-t Manhood. Debllitr or
(1i«ease we_rinjrori body and ruln<t and
«kln Lris«-nses. TUe Doctorcures wlien
othors fail. Try him. rbarg-es low.
riirmranr-Blerd. Call or write.
l>r. .-- f . ol BBO>. t»u Ff-ndtco. CaL _
OCEAU TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
py Steamers leave Broadway
*)^ wharf, fan Francisco:
V_fS»^_ For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
I«5$Sbk Jan. 11, H 21. 2R. 31. F^b. '..
t&^^^5^ Chantrf to company's steamera
fe^_»*^Sj^3 F " or victorla . Vancouver (T:.
ISmKj__!q, C.). Port Townser.d. Seattle,
I Tacoma, E\erett. Anacortes.
and New W'hatcom (Wash.> —
11 a. m.. Jan. II. lfl. 21. Ifi. SI.
Feb. 5. and every filth day thereafter. Chami
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 3 p. m.. Jan S.
13. 18. 23. 2S. Feb. 2, and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Dfego. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port I«os Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. tn. :
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 3 a. m.
For Fanta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
uccs. Port Harford (San Luis OblspoV Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hu?neme. San Pedro.
East Pan Pedro -tl^os Angeles) and Newport—
Steamer Corona. Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer
Bonlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to changj
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing,
without nrevlous notleo.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New ilontgromery
street <Palace HctelV
GOODALIa PERKINS * CO.. Oen. Arts.*
10 Market St.. San Franciaco.
BOTTLE l/UfitO
MCBURNEY'8
aVlUIICj CURE
A thorough cure for
pains in the back,
BRICHT'S DISEASE,
female troubles, incon.
.luenceof urine, brick dnst deposits, bod-
Tottlng of children, gravel, gail atones*
lropsy. diabetes, and rheumatism.
-^-FOR SALE AT
THE OWL DRUG CO.. 1128 Market st.
AND AT
DAHLBENDER DRUG CO.. 214 Kearny it-
Send 25c In 2c stamps to YV. F. McBurney.
418 S. Spring et., Los Angeles, Cal., for S
days' treatment. Prepaid $1 50. Druggists.
DIRECTORY
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application. 0
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
: ¦¦ THE EMPOBItrM. | THE EMPORIUM- '
¦Jf Conccrl ' ' J
P Wen Rule Baajcaa_jr. 8 at J2iO jl
*I al 7^0. \ LARQEST--A.MERICAS GRANDEST STORE- HOZgU. *«
$Our successful "Clean-Up" Sales continue. New;?
JJ lots of gnod^ f hat mu^' be quicklv disposed of arej
AT placed on sale daily as stock-taking proceeds, while prices like these forjr
i» - Friday and Saturday are the rule since the beginning of the Ncw Year. "J
f. : ;?
* Beginning to-day the big store offers a*
* large special purchase of 20,000 good*
i CLEAR HA VAN A CIGARS— *
| 7 FOR 25c. \
i s : -5
||'i Overcoat and Other \
I Clothing Sates. |
IfThe Overstock Sale of QvGf?O3ts continues. Your unreserved choice of = 5
>? any Kersey or Covert Overcoat in our Clothing Dspartmsnt at one-quarter J*
J* \ off regular pricei. Blue, Ba k rr Brown K-r.ey; many of them silk Hard throughc _t^
J ard all of the newest fhaiei in Coverts and •*
If ' | j Whipcords — this week OHC-QUar- ¦ ir^~-~*^ Ijt
A' f^' N*^:-? ."(^i \ ' '''i^^ ' to* off* ffcj-£>J\ &
5* WMMMB Bvys' Kn^G Pants 39n— ; tfcSSk^i
ti WrMWWt Blue Cheviots and Dark Mix fd Cas- i^^^3 \ j«
K W $''£' 'n0/^/ 8 - merc3 > strongly made, s'rss f.r azss 3 t> 16 : vV "&
S WMMm Fancy Vests $2 .1O- l||gS|ii ';
i W'/fa \£z&JJ ® n y a^° u£ 75 °^ t^ lese » *•' Exe«, handsome '«
, ° .i^.-J patterns of th: firest Vclour Caisimrr-j, 5
ft <!ouble-bre sted ani h'gh cut, sJd re.u'ar'y 42 jffb V&0£??M£^ 1^ «
K ly us at S4 to $ 6 each — s4e Friday and Satur- SS^fgf ff !^Jf ? *'^ %
.» diy on.y. * •' • jf
I J
k RSbbon Sale. ' ] Fine Silk 68c. x
H FpidaiS Qnlzf Balancs cf the b;aurii"ul Ncvs'ty Silks, both "5
j^ B . «M«_y .m^MM.jr. French an! don-.esrlc weaves, in ths winter's!*
*A suptrior 35c qua'ity of a'l-eilk high luster, choicest styles, worth up to $1.75 _^-^ *
£. double- acrd Liberty S tin Rit ben, 3 Ji inches per yarl -'to-day and Sa urday G3C\
1£ wide, the ncw jo't finuh; pinkg, blues, car- _ ' *<^
|f dina', maize, navv, royal, brown, crt am, white *¦»__,______ _r» __,__.__»__. o__ff_. •"*
J, ani nile— on social tale tc-day UrCSS %XOO&S &£2JlCi-'<° r
&: o"is v«y«i -jjC Bjg Savings. 3
$£ To-day a-d Saturday we offer: '^f
J» BOYS' CapB 2OC* I1.50, I1.75 and |zPlaid Back # k
7» _- _1 _, «» » Skiitngfor {9far4?jy£
J #8 MYiG-Oay &aie. S*75a and J 3 grades of Golt" oo $
al We bcu-ht Coak : ngs to be c!o ed out at. . &Moi$%yX
fci ataW /f^ 5^-^"^ _^gTOfc, $1 andSi.25 Camerr-Hair Piaids— «__ «J
• half Dric- S___^ ~~^Z< S*S%St>*J to " da ' * nd Saturday f. £ w7C •_¦
K a Urge lot Fancv Suit P-«rrns— to-day and Saturday,!*
*: of the ' h? II price. J
£ kind ofBoys' Caps tiat seD regularly fcr 45c. Sous, &4.5O; S>*f»^£**5
5 Gdi Cap, in fancy mixture, p'aids and f S - 2S J. $ ' Z f° Smt *' S6.OO;%
g plain colors- Y*Ctit Cap^ in pain b!ue t 1^ 00 Sults ' $7.5O, etc., etc.
and mixel effects, with either leather or cl th /'- " "'
ti vizors— enough of them we think for Friday Popular IVJUStC at 2«
| thir^rcacLr^.^/^a^ We Per Copy. |
&* To-day and Saturday these popular senp «dJr
5» mat. 9 .. * instiumental pieces on special «V _»_-» *£
»f. Men's Undervwear j* r c Opy ...:... 1Bd\
Sand Neskwear Salt**: " J Am CertainI y v ™s > Ragtime l&,?5
Xa*MWMV~<un ""tdf «*It*t the Man Behind the Gun That Does^ .
~.Men*s $ 1.50 S Ik Fieeced Lined Underwear, in the Work," *'S nee Then There's Been No'2
| k » pret.y shades cf pink or^'.uc— to- £•#• Light Abcut the Piacf," "Side by Side," J5
fc * day jind Saturday, per grment *$v*G * Irma Waltzes," "Rickety <>an,'* "Sun-j*
UStrinfJ Tien — Worth up to 50c each — beam Lou," "Evtry Day Is a Wedding"?
*£ alsoa'lot of Shield Bows tc-<fay _-^«» Day,"' "Co.'ored Bride and Groom M-rch\f
ft and Saturday, 4 tor ZOG and Two-Step," "B ts Forever Past." X
K Boys' Teck Scarfs— 15c o . _^ ; — ¦*
% quaity oc Groceries — Liauors-Z
f1Z'$^"-^: m .T ! :43c Specials Friday Only. |
£ GhoCOfatO— GhirardeJi's, ground, i-kjj
H nm ry. * tixu — to-day SS5C&
£ Hose Supporters, Q corn Meal-^t^Eatem.'J
tf Ladies* 25c Silk Fried Side Hcie Supporter?, JM yellow, ic-!b sacks t9c*
!^ with the "Pn'scila" button fa tenrr, full - liljj FSlCC — Carolina Head, the be t'jt
j j^ length and all 'h: latc.t eoleri — 500 pairs on /il money can buy — to-day, 4 lbs. «J
1 If sale to-day and Saturday, prr pair. . . J ?\ " 25c%
K '. IOC /fe«_^\ Corn— Best, Ma : ne— tc-fay,^
J> . ~^1SM 3 tins 3Oc'x
K S in^rs W- Bromang^lon — The,;
tf Linen VaiUi ncw _css:rt, all flavon, pack-*
A'^i.eo T^ble Qoths— now _^^ ' __ f-T~_^i<W age »Oc'2
Jf ...- : $1,12 7J$p~ Ycilowtonc Yihis-\
Frnge C!oth? — now m «w_^ >1<V>%?H& kCy— The g-nu'ns— on $pc- «
tf $1.78 YlJUH! «al sale to^ay only, jj
5, Deep price-cutting to c"o:e out troken assort- * ~ _jf. ter bottle § 1 *J 2 £
J> ments and odd patt rns in the Linen Depait- l^ Poi 9 tei*-?-1}oTnr<tic 7 a very](f
AT ment — some'rxtra va'ues to-day and ta-mor- good qcality, psr dozen. Q5c^
6 row in fine table doth', tab'e darrasks, rem- Angelica Or Jokay— Choice sweet'*
•^ rants of towtirg, etc. wine3 — to-day, per gallon Q5s'v
«¦ l , 5»
UWa'*VH*'*V4'* '* "4 Mfefcfe'tf 4«'« We M H'4 X^a'a'aa'a* a a '4 '4 'a a a a'a a a *& 4 a a
THE EMPORIUM.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
On the Santa Fe
you can travel with speed as well as
comfort from San Francisco to Chi-
cago in 75 hours. Leaves every morn-
ing at 9 o'clock.
California
Limited
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
L*«^* M_r1c«>t-Pt-*»rt Terry Depot.
J Local I Lim'd I Ovrl'iS i Local
| Daily. Daily. Daily, j Daily.
L». Par. F"r&_U 7:20 m. I t:O0 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
•Ar. Sivktcn .!:0:2S a iU:« a JJ:OS p 7:» p
" Merced ..il_:2E p 1:17 p laji
• rresno ...I J:» p t:2Sp 8:C5a
' Har.ford .! 4:*2 p I:S7 p 7:0« a
" Vl.elia ..j«:lfip 4:10 p 4 MS a
' Tclirt ...I 4:27 p 4:27 p S:0$ a
" Ekeleia .! «:60 p 1:29 p 7:20 a
" Kan. City. 12:41a 7:80 a
" Chicago .1 H:Up t:00p|
a for -nornln». p for afternoon.
*:«. a. m. train la the Cailfernla Limited
CkXTTtas Palace Eleeplrit Car« and Dining
Cars IbneCB to Chlcaro. Chatr Car run*
to Baker«fl*-M for accommodation of local
flret clat>* p&csenrera. S'o second claaa
ticket- are henorexj on this train, j Cor-
recponalcg train arrive* at 5:B p. in. fiaily.
4:20 p. ra. 1« Stockton Local. Correspond!
icr train arrive* n.% a. in. ea!ly.
t:V> p. m. !¦ the Orerland Express, with
throurri Palace «n1 Tourlrt Sleepers anil
fre« Rec!!r.!nr Chair Car. also Palace
fileeper. which cutj out at Fresno. Cor-
respor.d'.r.f train arrives at B:55 p. m. daily.
7:20 e. m. '.* Bakir-fleia Local, ateppin*
at all ro!r.tp in San Joaquln Valley. Cot-
rerpondlnr train arrive* at 8:40 a. m. dally
Office*— 64! ¦ Market street and in Ferry
Depot. Pan Francisco; lllg Broadway, Oak-
land.General Kitchener recms to be wonderfully lacking
in originality. Time r.fter time in his reports to his
home office he is making use of the expression made
famous by General Duller— "I regret to say." Why
not make it, "We have met the enemy and we are
County divisionists at Sacramento are said to be
afraid that they have not money enough to secure
the adoption of measures which they seek. Do thi
gentlemen mean to insinuate that anybody in the State
Capitol would demand or accept money to assist? in
the adoption of a bill? . . '
Captious critics who are remarking that our State
Legislature has begun its labors without ostentation
and with very littlei noise should remember that ' the
Renuhlicans and 'not 'the Democrats are in control. "
. ¦ ¦ f -
Everybody 4cnows that an. invitation to
a wedding is a gentle intimation that
presents, however, small, will be grateful
ly, received by" the bride. But it has been
.left to a distinguished native of India to
make open confession of this pleasing
hypocrisy. Writing to the people in his
station, asking them to his daughter'e
wedding, this gentleman • used the..follow
ing formula: . "Mr. and Mrs. -r- • request
the presents of Colonei and tho officers of
the: . Regiment at the wedding -of
their daughter." The. story is true.—Lon
don Globe. . '¦' ¦.-. ':¦''-'
A Candid Wedding Invitation.
CAI/IFORNTANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.-J. F. Brown-
ing of San Francisco is at the Raleigh.
Paul Sanford and wife of California are
at the Johnson. . t
Lindsay Fitzpatrick. one of the landed
gentry of the west oOIreland. is at the
•Palace .for a few days. a Mr. Fitzpatrick
has come to this country to purchase a
number of, coach and hunting horses. He
1b the uncle of Miss.Shelagh Cornwallls
West, who Is to marry the young Duke of
Westminster. f'-V-
Dr. ,L». A. Von Dyke and wife of Xew
York are stopping at the California for a
few days.
H. H. Hunter of San Jose, owner of a
big copper mine in Montana, Is at the
Grand.
T. .G. Hendricks and family o>f Eugene.
Or., are spending a few days at the
Grand. '^ * ":
"W. B. Chapman, a York book
maker, registered at the Grand last even
ing. . .; '";.'¦;'. ¦
E. C. Voorhies of Sutter Creek Is at the
Palace Hotel.
Dr. E. Brown and wife of Watsonvijle
are at the Russ.
J. C. Hudner, a Holllster attorney, is
registered at the 1-iek. 1
J. D. Ijudwljf. n Redding mining man, is
registered at the Grand.
W. \V. Chapin. a Sacramento Iron
molder. Is at tho Palace..
Former Congressman T. .J. Geary of
Santa Rosa is at the Lick.
Mark R. Plalsted of the Fresno Evening
Democrat is at the California.
Thomas Johnson, a Winnipeg mining
man. Is registered at the Palace.
Dr. F. Stabel of Redding is at the
Grand.
Joe D. Biddle of Hanford, a banker, i3
at the Grand. ' •
PERSONAL MENTION.
E<1 Cudahy paid considerable to ret hi»
son back, but just look what Papa-in-law
Zimmerman Is pavlnsr for a son-In-lavr
and h*>_ wasn't kidnaped, cither.—Minnc
"I understand she 'oved him at first "
"\e*. that van before."
"Before what?"
"Before she found out that she ha 1
mistaken him for h!3 rich cousin"*
Cleveland Plain Dealer. . 0MIBl
Willie had been tolrt that when a h*n
is heard cackling around It is a r>T?n
sure-BiKn that she has Jaid an fpr P n
day he ran into his mother in an Texritel
manner and exclalme-1: xrlIel
I^aV/man' S lald & " •W^SSS
Football may be a dangerous sport "
said the proffssor. 'tut it isn't a hun
dredth part as deadly as the highball." —
Boston Journal.
The preacher who lasts longest is
VShVh? °S e w! 3,° P reac "es shortest.-
I'nlladelphla Record. .- : .-
Be sure you are rlsht and then 5-011
won't get left.— Philadelphia Record.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
Among the features of our school training which
Mr. Erskine notes with special commendation are
instruction in the use of tools and the development
of patriotism. The first fits the pupil to succeed iri
life, and the second inspires him with an ambition to
do so. Of the latter feature the report says: "Great
attention is paid to teaching children to love their
country and the flag, and it is impressed upon them
that no other co'untry is so free and that their flag
represents justice and liberty wherever it flies. * * *
The careers of Americans who have risen successfully
through their labors and talents to wealth and to
prominence in science and politics are brought
prominently before the children, who are taught that
they also may beepme Rockefellers, Lincolns' or
Edisons."
This* view of our schools taken by a foreigner well
fitted to pronounce judgment upon such subjects can
hardly fail to be gratifying to Americans generally.
It'i^fen evidence. that despite the handicap of Boards
of Education which are frequently inefficient and often
corrupt, our teachers have nevertheless developed a
system of school work that is of the highest value tn
Mr. Erskine states that daring his residence in this
country he has noticed that a remarkably large num
ber of important executive positions are held by
young men, and it occurred to him that the system
of public education has something to do with the fact.
He then adds: "At my own motion I undertook to
investigate the matter. The first thing that struck
me was the large number of pupils who leave the pub-
He schools at the age of fourteen or younger and then
enter at once on the practical business of life. They
seem to be well qualified to take hold at once, and in
a few years are doing important work in a satisfac
tory way. It seemed to me there must be something
about the way they are educated which is responsible.
I was particularly impressed during my investigation
with the practical nature of the education offered.
* * * The course seems to develop their fighting
qualities, to mak'e men out of them. When they get
through they are not afraid to^ face the world; they
have a good degree of self-confidence, and they are
not content to wait for fortune to come and look
One of the latest of these critics is Thomas Erskine,
British Vice Consul at Chicago, who in a recent re
port to his Government says: "The system of edu
cation in the United States, and especially in the city
of Chicago, can be stated to be the most practical in
the world for fitting the youth of the country for the
battle of life."
SO much of American criticism upon public
schools is directed toward the jobbery, or
worse, of Boards of Education, that we fre
quently overlook the genuine excellence of the work
done in the schools. Foreign critics who note the re
sults of the training given rather than the politics of
the boards are more just in their estimates of our edu
cational system. They perceive that the work accom
plished is of a high order of merit, and attribute much
of the success of our people in industrial. and commer
cial enterprises to the influence of their school edu
cation.
OUR PUBLIC SCHOOL SYSTEM
The evils thus pointed out by the Governor of
Pennsylvania are bad, but they are by no- means the
worst of the results of the present method'of electing
Senators. In several States the system leads to sonic
thing like a wholesale debauchery of the voters and
the legislators. The scandals of the Clark and Daly
fight in Montana have been fully exposed and are
well known. The determination of Addicks to pro
cure a seat in the Senate from Delaware has resulted
in scandals in that State hardly less notorious than
those in Montana. Governor Tunnell in his mes
sage to the Legislattue, speaking of the last election
in Delaware, says: ¦ "Bribery, corruption and intimida
tion walked brazenly through our State at the last
election, and the only barrier in the way of. shameless
and open violation of law and decency was our pres
ent system of voting." The Governor does not say
so, but it is well understood that the bribery and the
bulldozing were done as parts of the Senatorial fight.
. The new campaign for the election of United States
Senators by direct vote of the people opens, then, with
plenty of facts to point the m«ral. Moreover, an
abundance of new facts are likely to be forthcoming
from the States where Senatorial contests are to en
gage the attenticn_of. Legislatures this winter. In
many of these States the general subject of legislation
will be. almost wholly neglected by reason of the ab
sorption of the legislators in the fight for the senator
ship. Possibly we may have new scandals and new
deadlocks added to the already large number of such
offenses. The outlook, therefore, for the desired re
form is brighter than ever before. The people ars
already disgusted with the existing -method of elec
tion, and another batch of scandals will bring about
a resolution to apply the remedy.
Governor Stone. of Pennsylvania has taken the
lead in urging an amendment of the Federal constitu
tion so as to provide for the election of Senators by
direct vote of the people, fn his message to the
Legislature he has recommended the change in the
interest of the States themselves. He says: "Candi
dates for the Legislature are now too often selected
by reason of their supposed friendship or opposition
to some candidate for the United States Senate. Their
qualifications to properly legislate for the districts
which they represent are too often forgotten or ig
nored." •
I" >v ELAWARE and Pennsylvania are at present
I ) the storm centers of the Senatorial contests of
the year, and consequently it is natural that
from them should come the first earnest renewal of
the agitation for a change in the method of electing
Senators. There are other States, however, that in
all probability will soon unite with them in the cam
paign of education, for, according to all reports, there
are likely to be prolonged contests in Colorado, Mon
tana and Illinois.
THE ELECTION OF SENATORS.
A further analyses shows that we received twice as
many Croatians and Slavonians as English, three
times as many Syrians as Scotch, as many Slovaks
;s Irish, three and a half times as many Southern
Italians and twice as many Hebrews as Germans, and
numbers of Lithuanians, Magyars and Ruthenians.
One has to go to the geography to locate these
reople.
The three principal elements in the year's acces
sion to our population were: South Italians, 84,346;
Hebrew. 60.764: Polish, 46.938; the Irish rank next/
and below them Scandinavians, 32,952, and Germans,
29.682.
As recently as 1869 our immigration from the Brit
ish Isles, France. Germany and Scandinavia was
three-quarters of the whole.
It has been said that India is a museum of races.
But if each of the many races now flocking to the
United States should preserve its national type and
remain racially isolated and non-assimil^ive,. this
country would present a greater diversity and be more
of a race museum than India.
It is a tenable theory that our institutions require
for their maintenance a homogeneous people, and it
may well be feared thit the diversity of races and na
tionalities now pouring in upon us may soon begin to
overtax our power of assimilation and produce a case
of national indigestion. The first sign of non
assimilation is the appearance of their ancestral na
tional customs and racial habits in the second and
third generations of these immigrants. Whenever we
have distinct Polish, Slovak, Croatian and Lithuanian
groups in our population the danger line will - have
been reached. It is believed by some statisticians and
observers that this already appears. In some parts of
Pennsylvania the Huns and Slavs are remaining apart
fiom each other and distinct from the American com
munity. The same is true of the Syrians and Ar
menians.
It is noteworthy that many of these nationalities,
the Huns. Magyars. Syrians, Armenians and Slavs,
are of not remote Oriental origin. They are com
mon stock with the Siberian Scythians and thi
Tartars.
It is vitally necejtary that our immigration laws be
addressed to weeding out the insane, deficient, dis
eased and indigent from this new immigration. The
British Isles, Germany and the Scandinavian states
formerly sent to us their physical, mental and moral
health. Let us see to it that these strange races do not
inoculate us with their disease and indigence.
IT is always of interest to study the immigration that
comes to this country to become a permanent part
of its population ai?d members of the body politic.
For many years the great tide of immigration was
ftom the British Isles and German3\ 'These immi
grants quickly assimilated, and in the second genera
tion became indistinguishable from the original
American stock.
About thirty years ago the Latin races began to
come, and others, the admixture of Latin and Goth.
Italy, Spain and Portugal began to send their surplus
here in search of our CTeater opportunities. We found
them a thrifty addition to our population, but less
easy of assimilation than the Celtic and German stock.
Professor Hall in the Forum has analyzed our still
more recent immigration, which presents some aston
i:hing features. Last year we received 460,000 immi
prants from Europe. Of these 100,000 were from
Austro-Hungary. joo.ooo from Russia, 40,000 only
from Ireland, 10.000 from England.
TriE NEW IMMIGRATION.
\THB- PRESIDENCY-N. # X., Oakland.
Cal. There is not. now and' never has been
anything in the constitution of the United
Slates that says that a woman shall not
become President of the United States.
The constitution says that any natural
born citizen (and a woman Is a citizen)
who has attained the age of 35 years and
has been fourteen years a resident within
the United States, shall be eligible to the
Presidency.
NATIONALITY AND CITIZENSHIP—
A correspondent who signs himself R. B.
T. writes to say that the answer to an
other correspondent to . 'the .'effect that
every person born in China is a Chinese
is not correct. The correspondent, like
many others, confounds citizenship with
nationality. A person born In any coun
try Is a native of that country, no mat
ter what may, be the nationality of thV
parents. A boy born In Germany la Ger
man, one born\In France is a Frenchman
one born in Italy Is an Italian, and so on
One born in China Is a 1 Chinese, but not
necessarily a. Mongolian. A child born to
American parents who are- traveling in
China or any foreign country, or who V,
bom while the father is in a forelVn
country in the service of the United
States, l 8 an American citizen, but ta not
anailv* Qf tha United StaXa* - .:. l
CHANGING A NAME-F. R.. City. If
your name is too long and you wish to
shorten it, or change it. you should make
application to the Superior Court.
. SIX-DAY RACE-II. C. R.. City. The
six-day bicycle race in 1S99 in San Fran
cisco, in which C. AW Miller was the win
ner, was- closed February 19. -
CANADA-S. J. K.. Lemoore, Cal. The
population of the Dominion of Canada, ac
cording to the census of 1891, was 4,823,875.
The census is taken every ten years. It
is expected that the figures of the current
year will show, about 5.250.000.
DRILL AT THE PRESIDIO-Vlsitor.
City. Drills are held at the Presidio in
the morning, but at this time they do not
amount to much of a military display, as
•the men who are there arc casuals and
the drills are purely instructive for the
men, not ceremonial.
BRECKINRIDGE AXD EXGLISH-C.
R.. City. Richard R. Brecklnridge and
Laurence English ("Buck") did not rob a
train, but they stopped a stage In Nap.i
County and English was shot.-but recov
ered. On May 30. 1S95, Brecklnridge was
sent to San Quentin for twenty-five years
and on July 10 following English was sent
to the same place for life. The crime was
in the early part of May, ISD5.
GOLD AND LEAD- L. A. V.. City. Gold
Is weighed by troy weight, which has
twelve 'ounces to the pound, while lead is
weighed by avoirdupois, which ha* six
teen ounces' to the pound. The weight of
a grain Is identical in each of the weights
but according to the established rule the
troy pound contains 5760 grains, while
the avoirdupois pound Is 7000 grains and
the former is to the latter as 141 to 175.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
EDITOR OF THE CALI^-In your editorial of 5th inst. you voice the sen
timent of Mr. William H. Mills repardinp the gross destruction of young for
est trees for Christmas decorations. Your plea la strong 1 and earnest and
ev(*ry thinking person must deplore with you this wanton waste. I am
prompted to offer a single suggestion as a remedy, feeling that this, to me,
quaint cuslom of Chrjstmastide need not be abolished, but instead made more
beautiful. Few of us who have experienced the delights of the Christmas
tree would care to deny like pleasures to the little ones now about us and
those yet to come, especially since a greater lesson may be iaught at the
same time. My plan would be that each, of us who values tnis old custom
possess a HvInK Christinas tree. Speakinp..from the standpoint of a practical
dendrologlst, I can say that this Is not only possible, but a simple matter a-s v.-ell.
How full of interest to see thrm grow, the pine, the spruce or the cedar.'
"How beautiful they are, all and each after their kind! What a joy for man
to stand at his door and simply look at them Krowlr.R-. leafing-, blossoming,
fruiting without pause!" "What lesson's for the children; yes. and for us.
grown folks, too! But how, you ask, are we to do and to have this? Sev
eral methods are open to us. We may take an outing to some near-by for
est. The bay counties abound In sucn as I have in mind, numerous seedlings
from one to three feet In .height may readily be found and j permission as
readily obtained to dig a crowded specimen or two, thus giving their neigh
bor more elbow room. They should be carefully dug, wi^i a ball of earth if
. possible, and the roots injured as little as possible. -and then -without delay
transplanted intp a tub or box — eight inches in diameter for an elghteen
inch specimen and a twelve-inch in diameter box or tub for a "three-foot
specimen. Or we may purchase- boxed and established specimens of various
evergreens, inclmUng the Douglass spruce, the variety commonly used for
Christmas trees, frgm almost any nursery. Sizes range from two to ten feet
and can be purchased for 50 cents per foot or even less. They are long
lived and may serve several generations. Can any of us imagine a more
• beautiful custom than this may create? Our schools may also take a hand.
Let the children grow their own seedlings. "What a lesson it will teach
them, the unfoldment of the tiny plantlet. A. slow process. Yes, but none
the less valuable on that account, and the surplus? Yes. that. too. can be
put to a. good purpose. With them we may pay the debt we owe by plant
ing -where we have before received.
Will not The Call take hold and further the movement? Since It' deplores
the evil, will it not welcome a remedy? F. G. K. .
PLEA TOR LIVING CHRISTMAS TREES.
THE ghost of Mary. Queen of Scots, according to a writer in the St. Louis
Post-Dlspatyh, was heard in the bloody tower of London Tower last Christ
mas eve, and this.* according to tho tradition, means the death of the Queen
of England. The Ptory was circulated Christmas day by a guard, who
claims ho heard a long wall followed by the sound . of footsteps. Three
times was the performance repeated, and the puard, who promptly investigated
the matter, could find no cause for tho sour.ds. It is said that the spirit of the
Scottish Queen has made. Itself heard Just before the death of every monarch of
England since the time of Elizabeth. Every effort is being made to keep a
knowledge of the rumor from Queen Victoria.
Queen Mary was. beheaded oh February 8 13S7. On May 13. 1567, she had
married Bothwell, the murderer of Lord Darnley, her second husband, and Just
one month thereafter she was seized and forced to abdicate in favor of her son.
Sho escapod and fled to England, where Elizabeth confined her flrsi at Carlisle
and then In other castles. When she was led to the block she bore up bravely,
and, although only injured a little by the first blow of the ax, she made no out
cry or showed any other sign of fear. Three blows were required to cMspatch her.
It is said that Queen Elizabeth never recovered her composure after the death
of Mary, and thus just "before the death of Elizabeth the phost of the Scottish
Queen was heard walling- in the tower. This visitation, so tradition runs, has al
ways been repeated when an English monarch is about to die.
It seems to be conceded on all sides that the sala
ries now paid to high officials at Washington are too
small.- A double evil results from the parsimony. In
the first place it is not fair to ask.men of high ability
to serve the public for a sum far below what they
could earn in private business; and, m the second
place, it tends to exclude men of small means from
high office, thus making those positions something
like a monopoly for rhe rich.
The amounts proposed either by Senator Hoar for
the Justices of the Supreme Court or by Mr. Louden
slager for the Vice President and the members of the
Cabinet are certainly" not unreasonable. The people
of the United States have become the richest in the
world, and the scale and the cost of living have risen
together. From highest to lowest all. Americans
have been compelled to demand larger incomes than
sufficed men in the same class a generation ago.
There has been an increase in the wages of nearly all
kinds of labor, and in the salaries paid in almost all
scrts of private business. It is no more than right
that the nation should follow this upward movement
of its people. Washington is no longer a village, and
public officials cannot' village economies
while living there. They are required to do a much
larger amount of work than was required of their
predecessors and are justly entitled to better pay.
At the present time Federal salaries for high official*
are the lowest paid by any great nation in the world.
The President of the United States receives $50,000 a
year, while the President^ France receives $120,000.
The Vice President of the United States, who serves
as President of the Senate, receives $8000 a year, while
the Speaker of the British House of Commons re
ceives $25,000 a year and in addition has an official
residence during his term of office and a pension of
$20,000 a year for life when he retires.
Since 1874 there has been no increase made in high
official salaries. It is^ime for the nation to act more
generously and more justly to those who undertake
its most important services. It will be a bad thing
for this country if the time should ever come when the.
cost of official life will be so high and the salary so
small that none but a rich man could afford to ac-/
cept the office. We wish a Government that give-,
every citizen an equal chance for its highest offices,
and to have it so we must act upon the divine nil-,
"The workman is worthy of his hire."
j\A R. LOUDENSLAGER of New Jersey has in-
I troduced into the House a bill providing that
the salary of the Vice President of the United
Suites shall be increased to $25,000 a, year *and the
salary of each Cabinet officer to $15,000. It will, be
remembered that at the last session of Congress Sena
tor Hoar introduced a bill to increase 'the salary of
the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court to $15,500* a
year and the salaries of Associate Justices" to $15,000.
The two bills will doubtless be considered together,
for taken separately each is incomplete. It would be
unreasonable to increase the salaries provided for in
the one without making the increase provided for in
the other. . :
SALARIES AT WASHINGTON.
FRIDAY JANUARY .11, iooi
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Attrtu All CcBsmcicmtiocs to W. E. LEASE, Xaa&gtr.
MA.VACKH'S OFFICE Telephone Pre«» 204
VI HLICATIO.Y OFFICETTTMiTrlset and Third. S. F.
Telephone Preu SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 317 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered Iit Carrier*. IB Cents Per Week.
Stnsrle Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including; Postaffet
DATL.T CALr, <!nclud!ng Funday). one year M.M
DATL.Y CALL flncludlnr Funday). C months 1.09
DArLT CALL Onciuaing KuntJay). X month* 1.59
DAILY CALL— By Eingl* Month tte
SUNDAY CALL. On* Ye«r 1.60
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear ; 1.99
All postmasters are anthorlxed to receive
snl>«eript!ons.
Pamp!# i>rp!»» will be forwarded when reqnested.
Man rubferiberr !n ordering rhanr* of add re** shoul3 *<?
particular to civ« both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS 1n onW
10 insure a rrcrr.pt and correct compliance with their reque«t.
OAKLAND OFFICE ....11 IS H road way
C. GEORGE KIIOCVRW.
Vasigtr r«re:ga Airtriiting. Karfaitt* Bsildieg, Cfcieags,
<Lcn«- Distance Telephone "Central KU.")
NKTT YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CAIU.TOX Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
tTEPHEX D. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW YORK KEWS STANDS:
Wa:<!erf-Artcr1a Hotel; A. Brenu&o, & Union Sauaw
Murray EM Hotel.
CHICAGO STEWS STANDS:
Eberaan House; P. O. News Co.; Great Nortbera Hotel:
rremoct Hcure; Auditorium HoteL
W4$HI\CTO\ <T». C> OFFICE . 14<Vt G St.. 1*. XV.
MORTON E. CRAM:. Correspondent. j
UttAXCn OFFICES — O7 Montgomery, corner of Clay. open
cr.tn 9:20 ©•clock. S00 Hayes, open until »:3» o'clock. «M
Mi-AI!!t!fr, ©pen until »:» o'clock. €15 Larkln. open un*H
t:td o'clock. ISU Mission. cpen until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
ccrner Sixteenth, cpen until J o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open |
tntll » o'clock. IDS Elerenth. open until » o'clock. NW. cor- I
r * r Twer.ty-eeeend and Kentucky, open uctll 9 o'clock.
WITHIN the last twenty years there have been
painful and appalling tragedies caused by fires
in orphan and insane asylums and seminary
dormitories. The las: -one, in New York, caused the
burning to death of more than a score of orphan chil
dren.
It is time that public authority be exerted to com
pel a change in the building of orphan asylums, State
schools for incorrigible youth and insane asylums. In
none of these should the housing under one roof of
! hundreds of persons be any longer permitted. In the
case of orphans and juvenile incorrigibles there are
other objections besides the danger from fire. The
vices of adolescence' are more easily propagated when
hundreds are in one dormitory- It is a system that
permits no selection nor discrimination in association,
and by throwing all together is a means of leveling
the rna?s down to the moral plane of the least worthy
iather than raising it to that of the most worthy.
We believe that Michigan, in the State school at
Coldwatcr, was the first State to take an advance step,
and Iowa followed in the Home for Indigent Orphans
at Davenport.
The plan adopted included a central building for ad
ministration, in which were the offices, the hospital,
dining and school rooms, and chapel or assembly
room. Then cottages were built around the quad
rangle, or on regular streets, each with parlor, sitting
room, bedrooms, bath and conveniences for a family.
Each cottage is in the care of a mother, a lady who
wisely selects among the inmates those as likely to be
agreeable in association as a natural family. . Each
family in its cottage is subject to the pleasantest sur
roundings, the wisest admonition and motherly care
and advice. Out of the institution library its members
bring books to read, and all are brought within the
most excellent of influence. If one cottage burn, es
cape from it is easy, and spread of the conflag-ation
i.i unlikely. An orphan asylum or State school for
the incorrigible so planned and administered takes on
the appearance of a clean and wholesome village. Its
streets and lawns are cared for and its gardens culti
vated by the inmates. Matters of drainage and sani
tation are more easily cared for, and the whole sys
tem conduces to the moral and physical well being
of the beneficiaries.
Sometimes complaint is made that California has
five insane asylums to house her insane population of
5000. Those who complain do not stop to think of
what would follow putting those five regiments of un
fortunates all in one institution.
It may well be foreseen that our whole system of
caring for the insane will be revolutionized early in
this century. The existing plan of gathering hun
dreds of them between tlie same walls and under the
same roof will very likely pass away. The insane
a«ylum of the near future will probably be built upon
the village system, with places for restraint of the
more violent, and greater freedom and 'more nearly
family surroundings for the curable and the gentle.
This will not be in the nature of an experiment, for
i' will be only a slight modification of the system in
use at Gheel, in Belgium, for a long time.
California will do well to consider immediately the
change in plan for our orphan and incorrigible insti
tutions.
The buildings mow used for dormitory and admin
istrative purposes at lone and Whittier may be eco
nomically adapted to the new system, and there will
be no difficulty in finding good and devoted women,
needful of the employment, who will gladly mother
families of the unfortunate.
As to orphan institutions, there is. after all, a sting
in charity, but it is less deep and hurtful in the home
and cottage system than when after- life carries the
memory of a great building, whose frowning walls
speak of restraint and seem but little different from
a jail.
ASYLUM CREMATION.
American Industrial Success.
The secret of American Industrial suc
cess Is the superior skill and productive
energy of American working men and wo
men. The greatest of English statisti
cians admit that In these respects Ameri
cans are In a class by themselves. When
these qualities are combined with Inven
tiveness and the best mechanical appli
ances the economic development of the
United States Is no longer surprising. —
Baltimore Sun.
Finnish Immigration.
Immigration Into the United States from
Chrlstiania, Sweripn, has been nearly di'i
ble that of any former year. The
Increase is believed to be due to the move
ment of the Tinns forced out of ?heir
own country I>y the pressure brougl.r to
bear upon thorn by the Russian Onvcrn
ment in the nrocess of Russianizing th<?
province r,f Finland. These Immigrant*
are mainly of the agricultural c!a*s ami
well-to-do.— Minneapolis Times.
Neither Burkes nor Foxes.
There are r.o statesmen In the British
House of Commons to plead as eloquently
for the South African burshers as« Burk<»
and Fox pleaded 125 years ago for the
North American Continentals, but in some
respects hlstorv is repentlrg Itself lr. Lon
don. Liberty-loving Englishmen ar-> a<»
active to-day as they were between 1..5
and 1773 In demanding that a war against
freemen shall be brought to a close. With
the London Daily News under the control
of the most pronounced radical element
of the Uberal party, these KnKlishm»n
should be ab!* 1 soon to make their Influ
ence felt.— Chicago Inter Ocean.
Marriageable Dukes Ar» Scarce.
With the marriage of the Duke of West
minster the number of eligible and un
married English peers of that fjegrpe.
girls, is reduced to one. The Duke of
St. Albans is 20. but h* is not looking fir
an American bride. There are. however,
two Scottish r.ukfs who are bachelor.*—
the Duke -of Hamilton, who la premier
peer of Scotland, and the Duke of Rox
burKhe. who is only 24. and who. when
he succeeded to his dukedom, was counted
a downright pauper. Mr. Astor had an
eye on him for son-in-law, but the plan
fell through. Then there is a thlrteen
y*>a,r-old dukelet. h!s Oace of Leinster. In
th*» peerage of Ireland, and four widower
dukes, who must be left out of the run
ning. In fact, the duke market needs a
boost — Exchange.
Money of the "World.
The annual report of the Director of the
Mint contains some Information of mor*
than passing: Interest concerning the
money of the world. The tables show
that the total has Increased from U ©V> -
</«).000 in 1S73 to 111 .SOO.OOO.roo in lSOO-mofe
than IS per cent. Of this increase J3.*W.
r»X>.000 has been in gold, while there has
t>een a decrease in the amount of pnp»r
not fully covered by metallic reserves.
These data come In the nature of a fur
ther answer to the silverlte argument of
dear money and the question. "Where la
the prold to come from?" More than hMf
of all the increase in the total of money
is in gold, and the rate of Increase has
been more rapid than the growth of pop
ulation. Money is cheaper now than ever.
Clold money is cheaper, measured In th«»
earning power of labor, than In 1S73. If
the quantity of money available Is the
measure— as the Popocrats contend — of Its
value It must be cheaper than before sil
ver was demonetized. There Is not much
In a cheap monej- propaganda when ex
amined In the light of facta.-St. Loui3
Post-Dispatch.
American Merchant Marine.
The American shippers paid $160,000,000
to subsidized forelRn ships last year, and
but $13,U>0,OUO to American ships. Some
thing 1 must be done for the American
merchant marine as soon 83 the Govern
ment's finances will permit.— Iowa State
Register.
A Job With Charms.
The Joh of delegate to Consrres9 from
Hawaii has special charms. The salary
is $."<HtO a year, with 20 cents a mile for
mileage. From Honolulu to Washington
Is a distance of 5M0 miles, which mear.3
$20O) additional for the delegate, although
you can travel between the two cltlea for
$200. Delegate AVilcox is entirely satisfied
nnw with annexation.— Springfield Repub
lican.
Vaccinating Vassarlines.
Six hundred Vassar girls who went to
their homes for the holidays were com
pelled to submit to vaccination beforo
leavinp. and the source from which ;hia
Information Is derived solemnly adds that
"such limping as there was on that Inst
day as the girls* walked to th<» trolley cars
that run to the railway station had not
been witnessed since the athletic contests
of last spring."— Nashville American.
EDITORIAL
UTTERANCE
IN VARIETY
the country. It inspires our boys and girls With hign
ideals and equips them with the knowledge required
to attain success. To our schools, then, as well as to
our rich resources do we owe the prosperity of our
people and the greatness of our country, and the fact
should not be forgotten. Moreover, in the multitude
of carping and shallow critics that come to us from
abroad we should not neglect to give due credit to
Vice Consul Erskine for his ability to recognize the
excellence of our schools and his fairness in stating
the good results of their .work.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL. FRIDAY, JANUARY 11, 1901.
QUEEN MARY'S GHOST
IN TOWER OF LONDON
An Uncanny Tradition Revived by the Grewsome Tale
of One of the Guard.
6
A GAY SEASON, is promised, at Hotel del
Corpnado."; Coronado, 'Cal., ; this winter with a
Jolly houseful. 1 an expert golf tournament, meet-
ing of. field; trials club, huntins, nanlng. boat-
tm*-. ¦ -""Tlnr- etc
HOW DO YOU DO?
When you find yourself say-
ing: "pretty well, thank you,
but not very strong;" you aro
likely to be, as you say, "pretty
well;" but getting no good of
your food.
If you have money and lei-
sure, take a vacation ;' the doc-
tor calls it "a change." Which
is good.
Almost as good is Scott's
emulsion of cod-liver oil, in-
stead of vacation. With it is
better yet 1 the doctor is right
We'll send you a little to try, if you like
ICOTT & BOWNE, P«rl «««,' N w Y «fc
"Well, have you no twentieth-century
greeting for me. Perkins?" y
"Yes, of course. Lend me a dollar." •
Gas Consumers' Association. 344 Post St.. re.
duces gas bills from 20 to 40 per cent. Gas' an I
electrio meters tested. Electrical department
All kinds of electric work promptly attended to.'«
Ajrulnaldo has probably made a eenturv
or two Mnce the twentieth dawned un-
less he has moderated hia daily exercise.
Special Information supplied daily • t .»
v£l f - e £w ho . us " ar >d public men* by t a*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's*. 519 MotT
eornery st Te!* prone Main 104*
Townsend's California glace fruit- soc v
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
££*5v "^ nIce P res *"t for Eastern friends
CP Market street. PnJuc- Hotel buildlrg '
Choice candles. Tnwn?^nd>. Palace Hotel*
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfieltf — ThU day. January 10. at 11
o'clock, TurkiFh Rugs, at M Sutter street.
By F. H. Chase & Co.— Saturday, January 12, at 11 o'clock
Horres, at Cordelia. Eolano County.
By Win. G. I^aynp— Saturday, January 12, at 12 o'clock.
Thoroughbred Horses, at Oakland Racetrack.
AMUSEMENTS.
Gran4 Ojx'ra-hous*— "A Virginia Courtship."
Alhan-ibra— "Old Jed Prouty."
>l<-azar— "Nell Gwynr.e."
<~o!urnb:a— ••TVay Down East."
Tivol i— ¦•Cinderella."
Central Theater— "WpTr.an and. 'Wine."
OallfTnia— "Hyir.an Heart*."
Orrhoum — Vaudeville.
Olympia. corner Mason and E*5y streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evrr.iri.
Fischer'*— "Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Tem|.l- — R<=neflt performance for families of
Glass WVrk« accident, Thursday, January 1".
Metropolitan Terr.cle— Lecture by Rev. Peter C. Yorke
Thursday evening. February 7.
California Jockey C:ub (Oakland)— Races.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High • and Low
Waters at < Fort -Point. . entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. •
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at tho
rity front (Mission-street wharf) about twenty
flve minutes later than at Fort Point; the
height of tide is the same at bo»h places.
FRIDAY. JANUARY 11.
Sun rises / 7;25
Sun Bets s:io
Moon rises 11:59 p. tn.
Kills Wife, Babe and Self.
¦ BOSTON, Jan. 10.— Savant Anderson, a
Swede, shot and killed his wife and prob
ably fatally wounded his mother an^ 5
year-old , boy ¦ at their home : fn Jamaica
place : to-day. He then killed himself.
NOTK— In the ' above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day. the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but threo
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except / when a
minus sign <—)- precedes the height, and then
the number given 13 subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of. reference
is the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydropraphlo Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. ; Cal.,
January 10. : ' 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-flay—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at i
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
the United States had been awaiting the
determination of the ownership of Texas
—the region between the Sablno and the
Rio Grande— so long in dispute between
the United States and Spain. We may im
agine that the settlement of 1819. by
which this territory was consigned to
Spanish control, was not satisfactory to
prospective American settlers who were
ready to follow in the wake of Austin.
By the successful rebellion of Mexico
against Spain and bv the recognition of
Mexican Independence in 1821 this terri
tory became Mexican s>oH. There were
many influences calculated to make Mexi
can rule in Texas distasteful to the Amer
icans who were settling there In Increas
ing numbers. The race prejudice between
the Spaniard *tnd the Anglo-Saxon, the ar
bitrary and capricious rule of Spanish ora
cials the denial of local self-government,
tho prohibition of farther Immigration
from the United States, the lack of order
and the failure to protect life and prop
erty, the 'desire of the Americans from the
Southern States to continue their system
of slave labor, prohibited by Mexico, tho
sympathy and moral aid (if not the ma
terial aid) afforded to the enterprise of
Independence by the United States— all
these influences led to the Texan revolt
asainst Mexico.
In the battle of San Jacinto In 1838 the
Texans vindicated their claim to inde
pendence, and for nine years the "Lone
Star republic" was recognized by the
United States and other powers as one
of the independent sovereignties of th-s
world. Mexico did not relinquish, though
she could not exercise, her sovereignty
over Texas; and when by the consent of
Texas in 1845 that State was admitted to
the American Union we received with the
new State the Texan quarrel with Mexfro
and became responsible for the defense
against Mexico of the Texan claim to ter
ritory on the Rio Grande. Texas claimed
all east of the Rio Grande from Its mouth
to its source. The admission of Texa«
and our assuming the defense of her ter
ritorial claims would probably have been
sufficient to bring tbout war with Mexico.
But the overt and immediate cause of
the war was the occupation by the United
States of the disputed territory between
the Nueces and the Rio Grande. This.
President Polk asserted In his war mes
sage to Congress, had caused the shed
ding "of American blood on American
soil " and Congress declared that a state
of war "existed by the act of Mexico."
The conflict that followed was "short,
sharp and decisive." When the Ameri
can armies had occupied the capital of
the Mexican republic and forced Mexico
to terms of capitulation, American arms
were in military possession of vast tracts
of Mexican territory that the administra
tion of President Polk was unwilling to
surrender. At Guadaloupe. • a little town
near the City of Mexico, on February 2.
1848. a treaty was signed and subsequently
ratified by both republics, by which it
was agreed in consideration of $13,000,000
paid directiv by the United States to Mex
ico and $3,500,000 more paid to citizens of
the United States who had claims against
that country th^t Mexico should relin
quish to the United States her rights and
claims to all, territory north and east of
•the Rio Gra-nde and Glla rivers. This
Mexican session embraced Texas, with all
Its claims. New Mexico, California, Ne
vada, Utah. Arizona and part of Colo
rado and Wyrming, an area of over 522.
000 square miles, more than double the
area of any country in Europe, except
Russia. This is an area almost equal to
that of tho original thirteen colonies with
their western lands at the time their in
dependence was achieved.
While the Gadsden purchase was not a
part of the war settlement of 184S. It was
so closely related to it that it must be
noticed here. In 1853, .by. a supplementary
treaty with Mexico, negotiated In behalf
of the United States by Mr. Gadsden of
South Carolina, we acquired 43.000 square
miles more of Mexican territory for the
sum of $10,000,000. and our southern boun
dary became fixed . a9 it has since re
mained. •
"A war without ideas behind it Is bru-
it existed, yet not another slave Territory
nor another slave State should bo added
to the American Union.
The Civil War Itself, like the war of
1S12, wrought no territorial changes in
America. The issue involved In that war
was the issue of dismemberment. Should
tho republic that, united, had experienced
such wonderful expansion, be now rent
in twain by Irreparable division? Should
"Mason's and Dlxon's line "—originally a
survey between Pennsylvania and Mary
land, subsequently an artificial, imagin
ary line between the slave States and tha
free — tycome an actual and permanent
geographical division betweerf irreconcil
able sections? That issue wis answered
at Appomattox.. Any other answer than,
that there given by the fortune of war
would have resulted In a sadly calamitous
change In the war geography of America.
Alaska became an America possession
by a peaceful treaty of purchase with
Russia in 1S67. The Hawaiian Islands were
annexed by act of Congress on August 12,
1833, an act that was the outcome of a.
bloodless revolution in those Islands.
These changes of ownership are not a
part of our subject proper. But tho stu
dent who has set out to trace the terri
torial changes in America wrought by
war will have to recite the recent im
portant changes brought about by tha
Spanish war of 1S9S.
It was a notable remark of Henry Clay
that nothing struck him with so much
amazement as the fact that historical cir
cumstances so soon pass out of the recol
lection of men. It is not to be supposed
that the momentous historical changes of
the last four years have yet passed out of
the memory of any considerable number
of readers. Yet there is apt to be among
the great body of busy Americans only
an unreallzlng and transient appreciation
of the number and significance of these
changes. So little heed is paid after the
tirst announcement of the events that tha
net result of the recent territorial changes
is not appreciated or understood, and it
would be not a little surprising to many
to know the actual extent of the territo
rial changes of 1S98, the year of our hun
dred days' Spanish war. A mere recital
of these changes is all that may be at
tempted here."
By ' the Spanish-American treaty.
signed by the Peace Commissioners at
Parts December 10, 1S98. ratified by the.
United States Senate February 6, 1S90, and
by the Queen Regent of Spain March 17.
1S99—
(a) Cuba, after having been in the pos
session of Spain for more than 300 years,
was relinquished by Spain to become an
independent state. Though the- Island Is
still held and controlled by the military
forces of the United States, incipient steps
have been taken to secure for it tha
status of an independent state. It is one
of the richest islands of the world, with
an area of 45.000 square miles, and will no
doubt continue- in close relations, if not
in political union, with the United States.
(b) Porto Rico, with an extent of 3G»S
square miles — an island ninety-five miles
long by thirty-five miles broad, known < as
"the gem of the Antilles"— was trans
ferred from Spain to the United States.
(c) The Philippine Islands, almost 2000 in
number, with an area of 115,00) square;
miles and a population of more than 8.000,
000 souls, were transferred. In considera
tion of 120,000,000. from Spain to the United
States.
When we look upon these acquisitions
and consider them In connection with dis
tant Alaska, acquired In 1S67. and Waka
Island in the Pacific, acquired by the title
of discovery in the same year, and Ha
waii, annexed in 1S9S. and Guam, acquired
by treaty in 1898. and Tutulla. Mauna and
four smaller Islands of the Samoan group,
acquired by negotiation with England and
Germany in 1899, not to speak of the com
plications in China and other enterprises
beyond the continent, it may be concluded
that America has become a "world
power." and- that the war geography of
America at the close of the nineteenth
century is a part of the war geography of
the world. JAMES A. WOODBURN.
Indiana University.
MAP OF THE REGION WEST OF THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER' IN 1S25.
WHEN CALIFORNIA WAS STILE GOVERNED BY THE MEXI-
TO SAIL.
Steamer Movements.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 10-Stmr O W Elder,
hence Jan 8.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Jan 10-Schr Lottie
Carron, from Eureka.
ronr BRAGG- Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Xoyo, for
San FtanclRco.
PORT IZ)S ANGELES-Salled Jan 10-Er
stmr Warfleld. for Comox. n C.
KASTKRX PORT.
BAL.TI.MORE-Sa!l*d Jan 10-Ship Henry B
Hyde, fcr Ran Frp.ncisco.
KOHEIGX PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 10— Br *tmr Cop
tic, hence fee 22. \
. CO I>ix— Arrived Jan 8-Stmr Allianca. from
Xew Yl.rk,
Sailed Jan S— Stmr Advance, for New York.
IP8W1TCH— A-rrived Jan 7— Fr bark Mare
chal n«vout, hence Aug IS.
KOrk- Sailed Dec 19— Nor stmr Eva, from
Yokohama.
YOKOHAMA— Balled Jan 8-Stmr China, for
San Francisco.
MANIL.A-'-Snllpd Jan 9— Ship McLaurln, for
San Francisco. ,
OCEAN STEAMERS.
XEW YORK-Sailed Jan 10-Stmr La Bre
taKn<\ for Havre: stmr Prince Regent Lultpcld.
for Hretnen.
HAMHURO— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from Xew York, via Plymouth.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Victoria,
from HonEkoriE. for Tncoma.
Qt'KKXSTOWN- Stilled Jan 10— Stmr Rhyn
land. for Philadelphia; utmr Majestic, for New
York: Kith from Liverpool.
IilVERPOm,— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr New
England, from Roston.
Sailed Jan lft-Ptmr Iberian, for New York.
BREMEN— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Kaiser Wil
helm der.Grnsse, from New York, via Cher
bourg and Southampton.
LIZARD— Passed Jan 15— Stmr La Gascogne.
from N*w York, for Havre.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Am
sterdam, from Xew York, via Boulogne.
Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Rotterdam, for Boulogne
and New York.
As soon as an anchorage was reached a
physician was summoned and Dr. Bauer
went out on a launch and set tho frac
tured limb. The Guy C. Gosa was pur
chased some months agx> by Bennett &
Goodall, but has since neon sold to the
Pacific Steam Whaling Company. She
makes one trip to Pujjet Sound under the
old flag and will then be turned over to
her new owners.
The big American bark Shenandoah
sailed for Europe yesterday with the Rec
onrt larRest raiRo that has pone out of
port this Fpason. 'She has aboard 102.C4S
centals of wheat valued at $105,315.
The ship Euterpe which went ashore
on a re^f at Honolulu and wns towed oft
by thf* tUK i earless, is now In port and
Is to be sold at auction noxt Wednesday
by order of thc United States District
Court.
The following notioo to mariners has
hppn Issued by the branch hydrosruphic
office:
Pamian Mand?, Tutulla, Prko Pn(?o harbor
entrance, llKht exhibited on Breaker Point-
Information dated December 8, 1900. has been
received from the comniandnnt of the United
Htates naval station. Tutuila, thnt a fixed
white lleht has been <?stublished on the highest
point of the bluff over Breaker Point, east side
of entrance to I'auo P.iko harbor.
The light llltimlnntps an arc of 270 degrees
ppaward from the channel hetween Anuu Isl
and and Tuuiila, around to the infier httrbor
of Pago Pasa
It is 1?8 Oft above the soa and should be
vlslblo from a distance of at least >ij?ht miles.
It is phown from n standard supported by
brares in the form <-i a tripod, the whole
painted white. During the day the lantern is
covered by a conical white cover.
• ? • •—
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The W. H. Dimond loads merchandise for
Honolulu; the Yang Tfze. wheat at Tacoma
for St. Vincent, for crdets. 37s 6d, , prior to
arrival; the Saint Anno, wheat and barley for
Europe, 41s 3d, or flour 42s 6d. rechartered.
Shipments of "Wheat.
The British chip Corunna cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 84,347 ctls
wheat valued at $SI.:W0, nnd 23,000 ft lumber
as dunnaee valued at $-V,fl.
The American ship Khennndoah cleared Tues
day for Liverpool with 102,241 ctls wheat valued
at f 105.315, and 40,000 ft lumber dunnnge valued
at f«00. •
An Additional Manifest.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
steamer Peru which railed Tuesday for Pan
ama carried the following cargo for Central
America, valued at $12,892: R5 itales cotton,
16 pkgs car material, 6 cs paint and varnish.
29 bdls Bteel. 15 kegs noils. 30,000 Itm salt, 102
cs conl oil, 24 bdls «shovels, 46 cs hardware,
2S6 bbls Hour. 34 bdU pipe, 11 crs furniture,
161 pkgs groceries anil provisions, 2 flasks
quicksilver, 93 bdls iron, 12 bbls roofing, 2
drums oil.
Notice to Mariners.
Captain Evans of the. Bi itlsh ehlp Conway
Castle, at Callao, reports, under date of Au
gust 27, 1900, that he passed disturbed water
In latitude S. 17 degrees 3 minutes, longitude
W. 108 degrees 37 minutes. At times the sea
broke on it to a height of twenty feet. " and
the captain came to the conclusion that there
wii a rock or a reef there.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In Charge.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Thursday, January 10.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. 12 hours from
Mendoclno.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, E6}i hours from Port
land, via Astoria 41>,i hours.
Ptmr Newsboy, Ohlstrom, 18 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 44 hours . from
San Dle^o.
Stmr Navarro, Peterson, 13 hours from
¦ Bowens Landing.
Stmr Del None, Allen, 79 hours from Grays
Harbor. *
Stmr W H Kruger, Krog. 74 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Newburg, Petersen, 70 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 27 hours from Moss
Landing. >
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, 91 hours from
Nanalmo.
Bktn W H Dimond, Hanson, 19 days from
Honolulu. '¦ / .
Schr Ivy, Samuelsen. 6 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 48 hours from
Bowens Landlns.
Schr Sparrow, Dart, 9 days from Eureka.
Schr Gem, Nelson, 6 days from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
SAILED.
Thursday, January 10.
Stmr State of California, Jensen. Victoria
and Pujtet Sound; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San. Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
ShlD Falls of Clyde, Matson, ¦ Hllo: J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br BhiD Corunna, McNeil, Queenstown; G W
HcNear.
Bark Diamond Head, Peterson, Honolulu;
Williams. Dimond & Co.
Brig W G Irwin, Garthley, Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dimond & Co.
Schr Emma Claudlna, Mlkkelson, Mahukno;
Chas Nelson. "¦;/'-':/-.
Thursday, January 10.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridtett, Ventura.
Stmr Empire. Macsenn, Coos Bay.
Ship Shenandoah. Murphy, . Liverpool.,
nnrk Diamond Head. Peterson. Honolulu.
Brig W G Irwln, Garthley. Honolulu.
Schr Emma Claudlna/Mikkelsen, Mahukona.
Schr Melancthon, Olsen. Columbia River.
Scnr Del Norte. Jacobsen, CoQuille Hlver.
Schr Laura May. Hanaen. .
Schr Corinthian. Korth. .
Schr Antelope, BJorkengren, Coqullle River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
• POINT IX>BOS. Jan 10, 10 p m— Weather
foggy: wind SB. velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Jan 9— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR- Arrived Jan 8— Schr Sai
lor Uov. hence Dec 23.'. .'
Sailed Jan 0— Schr Fannie Dutard, for Port
Los Angeles. Jan 10— Schr Chas R Wilson, for
San Francisco: schr Azalea.' for San Pedro. /
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Jan 8 — Schr Excelsior,
from Pert Blakeley.
; HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 25-Schr Allen A,
from Eureka. ' ¦ '
¦ ELEEJ>E— Sailed Dec. 15— Bktn Amelia, for
Port Townsend. ¦• - •¦
EUREKA -Sailed Jan l(V-Stmrs Pomofla and
North Fork, for San Francisco. »
Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Lakme. hence Jan 9.
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan 9— Stmr ¦ Rainier. ¦ for
San Francisco; stmr John S Klmball, for Hono
lulu. .
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 10- Schr F S Redfleld,'
for : San ' Pedro. /,
The American barks Roderick Dhu and
Amy Turner sailed from here in company
on December 2 last. For a time they kept
together and then when a week out they
lost sight of each other during the night.
The Amy Turner went to the westward
and caught a favorable slant of wind,
while the Roderick Dhu held to the course
j laid down on the charts and which Cap-
I tain Johnson had Always found to stand
him in good stead. The favoring winds
took the Turner into Hilo four days ahead
j of the Roderick Dhu and there was great
jubilation aboard the former vessel In
consequence. There was no complaint
aboard the Roderick Dhu. however, as she
arrived on Christmas day and the cold
storage plant on the vessel yielded up
more luxuries in the shape of game, tur
key suckling pig, fowl and fruit than
could be procured on the whole island of
Water Front Notes.
. Captain Gllmore of the Servla will take
command of the Guy C. Goss. Captain
Hardy, who brought^ the Goss from New
York, is in the Marine Hospital, suffering
from a broken arm. The vessel was
caught in a gale off the coast and Cap
taln Hardy was washed from the bridge.
Amy Turner Easily Beats Roderick
Dhu on Bun Down.
OCEAN RACE TO HXLO.
THERE nas an Interesting farewell
ceremony on the United States
transport Sherman yesterday.
Captain C. H. Grant Roes East
to-nipht to assume command of
Howard Gould's yacht Niagara and the
officers of the Sherman met in the social
hall of the Sheiman to bid him prod-speed.
AmonK those who were present were
Quartermaster Captain W. C. Cannon, Su
perintendent of the transport service,
Capiain John Karneson, Supervising En
gineer J. H. Matthews and Chief Engi
neer George R. Kingsland of tho Sher
man. The presentation was made by Cap
tain Cnnr.on. Handing Captain Grant a
magiiiiicer.t locxet, suitably inscribed, he
said: "You havo made a good master and
in our opinion the transport service loses
its best officer. You say you will return
to us in a year, but i don't believe it.
When Mr. Gould gets to know you he
will never allow you to come back to Cal
ifornia."
Captain Grant made a sailor's reply.
He said ho could make a better speech
ahout fair and foul weather sailors
than ho could about presentations and
letters of praise. Durlnp the last two
vojra&es the Sherman had been through
unusually trying times and during the
storms that heset them he had found his
officers to be men of the right stamp.
Captain Rarneson paid a tribute to Cap
tain Grant's efficiency* as an officer. "As
a ship master and navigator, he is one
of the ablest men afloat," said the su
perintendent of the transport service.
Captain Barne.-on said he was sorry that
he had not been given a chance to Join
in the testimonial. He was at Once an
swered by Chief Engineer Klngsland, who
said:
"The presentation was a spontaneous
affair among thv officers. Captain Grant
has been our Irlend and we wanted to
Klve him something to remember us by.
He. leaves us to-day, but we want him
to remember that wherever he goes we
will always bear him in our hearts as
an able commander and right royal good
fellow." ¦
Three cheers were then given for Cap
tain Grant and the ceremony was at an
end.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY'S STEAMSHIP VADERLAND. SHE IS 580 FEET LONG, 60 FEET
BEAM, 42 FEET DEEP AND HER DISPLACEMENT 12.000 TONS. ONE OF THE HANDSOMEST AND MOST
COMMODIOUS STEAMSHIPS SAILING FROM NEW YORK. AGEN*TS HERE ARE THE RED STAR LINE.
Officers of the Steamship Present the Departing Master
With a Beautiful Gold Locket as a Token
CAPTAIN C. H. GRANT LEAVES
THE ARMY TRANSPORT SHERMAN
xm. ;.";<)•
It was contended by Americans for
nearly two decades that by the Louisiana
treaty of 1S03 we acquired title to botn
Texas and Oregon. A party issue pending
the settlement of these claims looked to
what was cailed the "reannexatlon of
Texas" and the "reoccupation of Oregon."
The dispute over the Oregon country was
settled by the retirement from the north
west coast of Russia and Spain and by
peaceable negotiations between America
and Great Britain.) ending with the Ore
gon treaty of 1846. By the Florida treaty
of 1S19 Spain relinquished to the United
States her claims to thf- northwest coast
north of 42 degrees north latitude. By
the same treaty we relinquished all claim
to Texas, in what Clay called a "quit
claim deed," by which we recognized that
so far as the Louisiana treaty was con
cerned Texas pertained to Spanish Mexico
and not to French .Louisiana. In ttao
same treaty, also, our Louisiana purchase
received for the first time definite limits
on the south and west, as follows: "Be
ginning on the Gulf of Mexico at the
mouth of the Sabine Klver. follow that -
river to 20 degrees north latitude; thenca
on a line due north to the Red River,
westward along this river to the hun
dredth meridian: then northward to the
Arkansas River; westward along this rlv- "
er to its source in the Rocky Mountains,
then a north line to 42 degrees and thon
along that parallel to the Pacific Ocean."
It is now admitted that our .I»uislana
purchase ended at the Rocky Mountains.
What we obtained west of the mountains
pertained to the Oregon country, and it
came to us with the nnal Oregon settle
ment of 1846.
The movement resulting- in the admis
sion of Texas and the acquisition of the
Mexican cessions began with the pro
posed migration of Moses Austin to Tex
as In 1S19. It was In 1822 that Austin's
son iirst colonized in Texas a grant of
land that had been, received from th«»
Mexican Government. Emigrants from
War With Ideas Behind It, as Illustrat
ed by Changes in Geographical
Copyright, 1901, by Seymour Eaton.
tallty." !>a!d President Oarflelrt. The »rreat
war of Ideas that preceded for a. genera
tion the conflict In arms of 1S61 received,
renewed impetus after our acquisition nf
the Mexican cessions. What should be
the status of the new territory aa to slav
ery? Upon this great Issue the vital con
flict was Joined. Did Mexican law (by
which slavery had bpen prohibited as ear
ly as 1S27) apply to the new territory un
til Conjcress had specifically changed It?
Or difl a pro-slavery constitution, as In
terpreted by Calhoun and Rhett and the
radical Southern school . apply ef its own
accord, with its "transmlgrratory nulli
ties." to the territories for the protection
of slavery there? Or should the Wlmot
proviso be applied for the exclusion of
slavery by Congressional authority? Or
should the settlers In the territories under
"popular sovereignty" be allowed to set
tle the question of slavery for them
selves?
It was over these questions that the war
of Ideas raged for a decade. Settled by
a temporary compromise in 1850, these
questions wire again reopened for all the
unsettled Territories In the West by the
repeal in 1854 of the noted Missouri com
promise of 1S20. The Kansas-Nebraska
act of 1SS4, which seems to have made the
Civil War inevitable, opens to view upon
the map a great territorial prize that was
at stake between the slave States and the
free. Texas was the last slave State ad
mitted to the Union. It was evident to
Southern leaders that unless, under what
they called equal rights in the Territories,
more slave States could be obtained from
the "West the long struggle to maintain
the equilibrium of power in the United
States Senate between the slava
States and the free would have to be
abandoned. By the JCebraska act of 1S5I
the slave power entered upon its last des
perate struggle for new soil. So far a3
the Issue thereby enjoined could be set
tled by constitutional and peaceful pro
cesses, it was settled in 1860 by the elec
tion of Lincoln. That election meant
that, while it was not the purpqse to
Interfere with slavery in the States whera
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FOR CALL READERS
7
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX, FRIDAY, JANUARY *11, 1901.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I Destination. ISails. | Pier.
Junuarv 11;
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Coquillo Rlv. Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier —
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 20
Slate Cal Victoria & Pgt Sd. 11 am Pier 9
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humholdt 9 am Pier 13
Santa Ana Humbolilt 9 am Pier 2
Junnnry 12.
Alliance Portl-1 & Coos Bay 10 am Pier —
W. KruRer... Orayn Harbor iPler —
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm I Pier 3
NowburK Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
.In n un ry US.
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Columbia Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa... San DI^ko 9 am Pier 11
Pomona HumJ>oldt 2 pm Pier 9
Jnnnury 14.
North Fork... Humbolrtt 9 am Pier 2
January 15.
Robt/ Dollar. Seattle 5 pm Pier 2
nonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Manilalay Conuille River 9 am Pier 2
•faniinry 10.
Queen San DleRO 9 am Pier 11
Gaelic China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Cxarlna Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
"Walla Wai... Victoria & Pgt Sd. 11 am Pier 9
January 17.
Coronado flrays Harbor Pier —
Rainier Seattle & N What Pier —
Steamer.
J
From.
I Hue.
Ilobert Dollar.. Seattle Jan. 11
North Fork.... Humboldt Jan. 11
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 11
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 11
Rainier Seattle Jan. 12
Zealandla Honolulu Jan. 12
Walia Walla... Victoria & Puget Bund. Jan. 12
Mandalay Coqullle River Jan. 12
Queen San Diego Jan. 13
Bonlta.... Newport ...: Jan. 13
Tltanla . Nanalmo Jan. 13
Argo Coquille River Jan. 13
Victoria.;..."..." Oyster Harbor Jan. 13
Coronado Grays Harbor Jan. 14
Marlposa....... Sydney and Way Ports Jan. 14
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 14
Progrefro Tacoma Jan. 14
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma Jan. 14
G. W. Rider... Portland Jan. 13
Hvades Seattle Uan. 15
Corona Newport jjan. 16
Umatllla Victoria '& Puget Sound Jan. 17
Hongkong Man China and Japan Jan. 17
Point Arena Point Arena Jan. 17
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 17
Crescent City.. Crescept City Jan. 17
C Time Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.-
5J H W L W H W L W .
U ... 4:1S 6.S 10:36 1.9 4:33 3.8 8:55 1.7
U ... 4:5S 5.2 11:31 2.2 5:43 3.6 16:40 2 0
13... 5:39 5.3 12:20 1.3 7:02 S.6 11:31 2 4
14... 6:20 5.4| 1:23 0.9 8:15 3.7 -'
L, Wl H W L W ¦ H W . '
15... 0:27 2.7 7:00 5.5 2:10 0.4 9:15 '4 0
lti ... 1:23 2.S 7:43 5. fi 2:54 0.0 10:06 43
17... 2:15 2.9 8:26 5.8 3:34 —0.4 10:49-4.5
C Time Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.-
5J H W L W H W L W .
U ... 4:1S 6.S 10:36 1.9 4:33 3.8 8:55 1.7
U ... 4:5S 5.2 11:31 2.2 5:43 3.6 16:40 2 0
13... 5:39 5.3 12:20 1.3 7:02 S.6 11:31 2 4
14... 6:20 5.4| 1:23 0.9 8:15 3.7 -'
L, Wl H W L W ¦ H W . '
15... 0:27 2.7 7:00 5.5 2:10 0.4 9:15 '4 0
lti ... 1:23 2.S 7:43 5. fi 2:54 0.0 10:06 43
17... 2:15 2.9 8:26 5.8 3:34 —0.4 10:49-4.5
Steamer.
J
From.
I Hue.
Ilobert Dollar.. Seattle Jan. 11
North Fork.... Humboldt Jan. 11
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 11
Arcata Coos Bay Jan. 11
Rainier Seattle Jan. 12
Zealandla Honolulu Jan. 12
Walia Walla... Victoria & Puget Bund. Jan. 12
Mandalay Coqullle River Jan. 12
Queen San Diego Jan. 13
Bonlta.... Newport ...: Jan. 13
Tltanla . Nanalmo Jan. 13
Argo Coquille River Jan. 13
Victoria.;..."..." Oyster Harbor Jan. 13
Coronado Grays Harbor Jan. 14
Marlposa....... Sydney and Way Ports Jan. 14
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 14
Progrefro Tacoma Jan. 14
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma Jan. 14
G. W. Rider... Portland Jan. 13
Hvades Seattle Uan. 15
Corona Newport jjan. 16
Umatllla Victoria '& Puget Sound Jan. 17
Hongkong Man China and Japan Jan. 17
Point Arena Point Arena Jan. 17
Santa Rosa San Diego Jan. 17
Crescent City.. Crescept City Jan. 17
Steamer. I Destination. ISails. | Pier.
Junuarv 11;
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Coquillo Rlv. Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier —
Fulton Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 20
Slate Cal Victoria & Pgt Sd. 11 am Pier 9
Corona Newport 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Humholdt 9 am Pier 13
Santa Ana Humbolilt 9 am Pier 2
Junnnry 12.
Alliance Portl-1 & Coos Bay 10 am Pier —
W. KruRer... Orayn Harbor iPler —
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm I Pier 3
NowburK Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
.In n un ry US.
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Columbia Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Rosa... San DI^ko 9 am Pier 11
Pomona HumJ>oldt 2 pm Pier 9
Jnnnury 14.
North Fork... Humbolrtt 9 am Pier 2
January 15.
Robt/ Dollar. Seattle 5 pm Pier 2
nonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Manilalay Conuille River 9 am Pier 2
•faniinry 10.
Queen San DleRO 9 am Pier 11
Gaelic China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Cxarlna Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 8
"Walla Wai... Victoria & Pgt Sd. 11 am Pier 9
January 17.
Coronado flrays Harbor Pier —
Rainier Seattle & N What Pier —
fiirr nnWII Corner Fourth and
CflFF RUffl o M u a r^c S ,al F B^
UHIL nil I HL froVe?eo a £a e na
valises checked free
' /II/VLC99
Exr«Acr/o«
-r 615^ GEARY STREET
Between Hyde and Larkln.
Telephone Polk 1135.
RACING ! RACING ! RACING!
1900— WINTER MEETING— 190L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
DEC. « TO JAN. 19. INCLUSIVE**
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
jUtAng Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with Ban Pablo avenue
eelctric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Fan Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. The«e electric cars
to direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the. last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAM8 JR.. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
CHUTES AND ZOO SftSBTJ
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
TO-Monnow afternoon, first juve-
, NILB DAY.
i TO-MOltROW NIGHT. MONSTER CAKE-
WALE.
Telephone for 8catflC Pirfc 23.
AMUSEMENTS.
Nothing Greasy
when
"Ko-Nul"
A Sterilized Cocoanut Fat, is
used for
Shortening, Frying and
General Cooking.
A perfect superseder of Butter,
Lard and Compounds.
Never Gets Rancid.
Free from Animal Matter.
Ask Your Grocer or Write.
India Refining Co.,
Philadelphia.
®VtM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cures th»
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cures Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Tower, NIfht Issues, Insom-
nia, Palni in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, ynfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen. y» \ arlcocele or Con-
etlpatlon. Stops Ne *3 fj rvou» Twitching
of Eyelids, Effects i^J^L ar e Immediate.
Impart vigor and ctflI9 potency to every
function. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at
hand. Restores *mall. undeveloped organs.
Stimulates the brain and nerve centers: 50c a
box; 6 for J2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to
cure or money refunded with 8 boxes. Circular*
free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis
et-. San Francisco. Cal.. GRANT DRCO CO..
S» and 40 Third st.
pas ¦ nr These hotels pos-
"ul Hut scss thc attributcs
- that tourists and
Jjnfj travelers appreciate
" IIU —central location,
ftQ A MR Iiberal manage-
UrknliLJ ment, modern ap-
MATri ft~~ pointments and
HUltLui P erf ect cuisine.
iiv ¦ fc.fc.wj American and Eu-
Sail FrailCiSCO. ropean plans.
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
• MEDICAL
i^a§»covEmr
FOR THC
I BLOOD.LIVER.LUIMGS.
BUCnA!NA.N BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
DUTTCIJX7C FOR BARBERS. B AK-
DllUljriDU *". bootblacks, bath-
w bouses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannera,
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen. Jar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
••^•i 1 * 'jwij^y, , m nig aii i non-poisonotif
4 er^^3Sa>f n^nb^9 remedy for Gonorrhoea,
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
*?ifjwio 1 u>S<3iti.\23 White', unnatural diJ-
HBea GttrantM* II charci . or anr inflsMnma-
pf«a*lf not t» itrietere. tion, l ritatiou or ulcfra-
It* -T& PrcKsu coptmoc tion ,f rnucoui mem-
IfSV«EvnNSCHEUic»l.Co. br » nee - Non-astringent.
ta&C!NCiHN*TI.O.ESJi Sold bT »rnr«UU,
\El-K. C B A. J£3< or BPnt in P'» ln wrapper,
' J?I3S3fcwJ* " by exproBg, prepaid, for
t'On. or 3 bottled. J2.73.
*V^J5ggS«» p V > B "I; mlar sent on request.
Another Great Orpheum Show !
THE FIVE OLRACS, BETTIKA GERARD.
J. F. CROSBT JR., INEZ FORMAN AND
COMrANT. THE TYILLT COLL1NIS. JOE
SAXTLET. THE SISTERS HAWTHORNE, j
WILLIAM CAHILL DAVIS. THE BIO- |
GnATH AND RETURN ENGAGEMENT |
OF FHEAN AND WARREN. j
Reserved F#>«t*. O; bnlroriy. 10c: opera cha'.rs i
«n*1 box t^Jits. 50o.
Ma!in«**s WednPFday. Saturday and Sunday.
NEXT VTEEKJ
BABY ELEPHANTS!
FirM An^aranc<» Sn Pan Francisco. The
World'* Or^at^si Animal Act. ;
A!f. nil:nchous«....rrn;iri.- -r and Mnr.as«-r.
rh'ino South 7T0.
LAST TIMES.
TO-NIGHT MAT. Tn-MORUOW AND TO-
V on row JflGHT.
RICHARD GOLDEN
Ir. the HF.PT OF ALL POWN EAST PLAVP.
OLD JED PROUTY.
This Sunday Afternrn-. n — Tho New York Man-
hattan Theater Success.
A STRANGER IN A STRANGE LAND
Thf Funr.ieft Farce Ever Written. First Time
in This City.
F.VE -C5o. 25c. T(Ve and 73c.
MAT Ijo. 2.V-. 25c and 5«c.
BELASCO AmnTHALLS^^^
\bJ±m* B^j S3 vK-n car hah
I'hone Soutli 123.
Tji VI^RT Every Evening This Week. Only (
i V,- t \li.»lt I Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
THE BIGGEST SUCCESS IN YEARS.
WOMAN AND WINE
Produced pis-;!? a!" ***n at tfcp Academy of
Music. New York. Magnificent Scenery — Gor-
peous coJ=tum««— Great Puel Scene, etc.
Over l rr > People in Thin Big Production.
HDtrc r Frrninra Iflr. loe. 25c. 35c, 50c.
1 KILL "> >j nt ir,e*— IOc. 15c. 25c.
NEXT IIOXDAT' — Grand Production of the
m"ft lirH'.iar.t play of the century. "TUK TWO
ORPHAN'S."
TO-NIGHT Sift Performance of the Tremen-
dous Hit.
Evenings at 8 Sharp.
Matlne* Saturday at 2 Sharp.
Bv FERRIS HAF~MAN.
HEAR THE NEW SONGP. JOKE.- AND THE
GREAT -CARMEN" BURLESQUE.
POPOjAU PBXCES 3 and 60 cents.
Telephone— Rush ?.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Matinees Saturday aod Sunday.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
William Crane's Greatest Triumph
"A VIRGiNIA
COURTSHIP."
• - A Truly nellg-htful Performance."
U^r.day— "THE ROGUE'S COMEDY."
First ttra? in this city.
PIUOKS-lOc. 15c. 25c. 50c.
A Few Front Rowe in Orchestra, T5c.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra at All Mati-
nees. 20c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
|#UELUE¥l£llA leading theatre
r-Rowm:r> to the doors evert night.
fnarUmous Pratwe for the Charming Pastoral
I<3il.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
Every Night (Includir.u Sun.). Matinee Eat.
EXTRA— 2 GRAND CONCERTS
tfext Tuesday an4 Thursday Afternoons.
MDLLE. ANTONIA DOLORES
'ANTOINETTE TREBELU.)
E*ats SI 50. Jl and 50c. Now ready.
THE MELODRAMATIC SUCCESS,
HUMAN HEARTS!
THIS WEEK ONLT. MATINEE EATURDAT.
Next Sunday Afternoon Fitr & Webster Pre-
sent thp Latest Up-to-Date Farce.
"A BREEZY TIME."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
COMMENCING MONDAY NIGHT. Jan. '21
MRS. FISKE In "BECKY SHARP."
prices-?;, n to. n. tsc. soc.
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:16.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2:15,
FLORENCE ROBERTS
IN THE ADVENTURES OF
NELL GWYNNE
FEATS ON* SALE SIX DATS IN ADVANCE.
Next— SWEET LAVENDER
THE PRISON J)F THE POPE.
LECTURE BY
REV. PETER C.YORKE
For the Benefit of ST. JOHNS PARISH.
CRer. F»ther Brady. Rector.)
Thursday Evening, F ?^' 1901,
At 8 o'clock.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
Fifth and Je«ale BtreeU.
TICKETS .'. Uk
prcr-HFR'S concert house.
r IDtnLH D Admission IOc.
Oro, Bernard and Oro, Marie D. Wood, Bid
Baxter. Mile. Atlantis, Rousell Brothers. Nell
Montgomery and Antonio and Conchlta liar-
tlner.
Ilecerved £eat> Z>c Matinee Sunday.
Temper.
Is Often th« Real Cause of a Sour
That the condition of the digestive or-
gans has a marked effect upon the char-
acter or disposition is a* truism as old as
the hills, old Ben Johnson wisely said
•'the pleasure of living depends upon the
liver," and It Is a fact which none may
dispute that a sunny disposition more
often results from a healthy digestion
than from any other cause.
Acid dyspepsia, commonly called sour
stomach or heartburn, is caused by slow
digestion of food; instead of being prompt-
ly digested and converted into blood, bone
and muscle, it lies in the stomach for
hours. fi-rmentinR and decaying, creating
gapes which cause pressure on the lungs
and heart, short breath and general dis-
comfort and irritation.
Such half digested food is indeed poor
nourishment lor the body, brain and
nerves, and the result Is shown in Irrita-
ble tempers, unaccountable headaches and
that depressing condition usually called
the "bltits." but how quickly all these
disani^ar nrhen apix-tite and digestion are
restored;
Laxative medicine* only irritate Ahe al-
ready Irritated stomach and bowels and
have no ?¦fiVct upon actual digestion of
food.
The penf=i»>le course to follow is to make
us-e of simp'.e. natural digestives like
Stunts Dyspepsia Tablets after* meals
until tho stomach has a chance to recu-
jwratf.
Th*» natural digestives which every
healthy Btonsach contains ?re peptor.es,
diastase and hydrochloric and lactic acids,
and when any of them are ¦lacking' the
trouble begins. The reason Stuart's Dye-
pepsia Tablets are so valuable and suc-
cessful in curing stomach troubles is be-
cause they contain, in a pleasant, concen-
trated tablet form, all these absolutely
necessary essentials for perfect digestion
and assimilation of food.
Henry Kirkpa trick of Lawrence. Mass.,
pays: "Men and women whose occupation
precludes an active outdoor life should
make it a daily practice to use Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets after meals. I havo
done so myself and I know positively that
P owe my present health and vigor to
their daily use. , :
"From the time I was 22. when I gradu-
ated from sohool with broken health from
overwork, until I was 34, I scarcely knew
what it was to b? free Irom stomach
weakness. I had no appetite whatever
for breakfast and very little for any other
meal.
"I had acidity and hcartbtirn nearly
ever}" day. and sometimes was alarmed by
irregularity and palpitation of the heart,
hut all this gradually disappeared after I
bepan UFinp Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
and I can eat my meals with relish and
satisfaction which I had not known since
I was a. prcwlns lyy."
Th? success andlpopularity of Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets is enormous, but it is
de«er\ed. and every druRpist in the United
Stat 1 ??. Canada and Great Britain has a
pood word for this meritorious prepara-
tion.
A SOUR STOMACH
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Beavitiful|f*5\
! Tufted I*/ j}
i COUCH %&^%
i Steel-tempered springs, upholstered {|1
, with nice figured velour. ;i|
| \
: Special Reductions in |
I every department. |
\ Houses furnished complete— estl- })
» mates cheerfully given. Country 2
trade a specialty. Free delivery . jl
within 200 miles on $25 worth and ,»
! CASH oi^CRBDIT. |j
I T. Brilliant Furniture Co., ii!
ft OPEN EVENINGS. 'l
| 338-342 POST ST., fe,,. j
AMUSEMENTS.Oat« wertf quiet, prices fluctuating narrowly
i . CHICAGO. Jan. 10.— Wheat was only mod
erately active and still nervous. Trade waa
largely local. May opened M&He hlsher at
7SV»i?7SHc because Liverpool was firm in the
face of the decline here yesterday.
On lack ' of support the market dropped to
77%c. but rallied to 7S%c on a private Argen
tine estimate that the exportable surplus of
that country would be but 30,000,000 bushels.
TMs influence soon died out, however, and
May dropped to 7i\i'iT-71%c Here the market
Bfadifd on the New York report of fifty loads
taken for export and tho close was a shade
higlier at T!Wtn%c.
Corn was <iuict, oponlng higher on the un
settled weatht-r and in sympathy with wheat,
but soiling off later on the wheat Indifference
to bullish news. May closed a shade lower at
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
. Regular Mornlnp Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS-The • market runs along about the
same. The demand is spasmodic, being good
one day and poor the .next. Black are
especially firm. ¦
White. $1 30-gl 50; Surprise, nominal; Red
$1 2SISI 40 for Feed and »1 35® 1 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed, Jl 17Vi@l 20;
for Seed, $1 25«31 SO per ctl.
COn*.'— The market continues extremely dull
at" unuhanged prices. Yellow, Jl 12H@1 15;
White, $1 10@l 15; Eastern- mixed, *1 12<4 per
cti. -•! ; •¦¦-¦ . — -. . ¦ ¦¦ ..¦ •-,-;¦.
- RYE— 85@S7^c per ctl. Offerings are in : ex
cess of the demand. WMMSSaCRH8B^8aBd
BUCKWHEAY-Quoted at fl 75®2 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— No sales. •
' Second Session — No sales. .' .
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
$1 05%.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
BARLEY— The market ' continues : dull and
easy, with r nllcht decline In Feed.
Feed, 75«£76lic for . choice . bright, 73?ic foj
No. 1 and 70@72^c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades, 80®85c; Chevalier, nominal.
WHEAT— Liverpool was firm, but Paris was
lower. New York opened higher, but fell
back.
Chicago opened firmer, but the crowd fought
the advance. The Chicago market is largely
artificial, owing to the heavy lines held there.
The Argentine situation continues bullish.
Brocmhall cabled that Argentine offerings from
first hands were withdrav/n, and that Wed
nesday's sellers were buyers yesterday. The
maximum surplus for export has now shrunken
to 33.C00.000 bushels, and offerings are very
light.
The San Francisco market was a fraction
higher on the spot, but futures were dull and
unchanged. . , •
fpot Wheat— Shipping, $1®1 01%; milling,
$1 O2',4@l 05 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains,
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables :.... — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight.. — .15
New. York Exchange, telegraphic — 17^4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 639i
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50Vi @ 61
Exchange' and Bullion.
j WHEAT— Receipts, 66,700 bushels; exports,
33,980 bushels. Spot— Steady. No. 2 red, 82V»c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, SO^c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, S6"6c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth. 91%c f. o. b. afloat. Options-
Opened active and flrm as a response to higher
I English markets and bullish estimates on the
I Argentine surplus. Under succeeding sales for
long account prices lost the advance, the after
noon market ruling dull In the face of big
flour clearances, with the close easy at un
changed prices. January closed SO%c; March,
Sl%€«S2V»c, closed 81%c: May, 82 3-16@83 l ,4c.
closed 82%c: July. Sl%®Sl%c. closed 81?ie.
COFFEE— Futures— Closed steady, with prices
i 5c to 10c net lower. Total sales. 22.000 baes,
, including: February, $5 G5; March. $5 80; May
and June, $5 85; July, to 85@5 SO; August, $5 90;
October and November, 58; ' December. $6 05.
J Fpot— Rio, easy; No. 7 invoice, 7Hc; mild, easy;
Sl'12'4c.
SUGAR — lt«.w. firm but quiet; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 5135 packages. Barely
steady.
EGGS— Receipts, 7CC5 packages. Steady at the
decline. Western average packed, at mark,
17??22Vic: Western, loss off, 23c. .'".':.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Choice and fancy
grades cf evaporated apples experienced a good
riemand at fully sustained price*. Common.
KUit<v 3*4<ff-4vic; prime, 5<g5?ac; choice, 5%Q6c;
fancy, G(37c.
California dried fruits were inactive but easy.
PRUNES— Were quoted at SUfiS'/ic per pound,
as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 7%@12c: Moorpark. 8Vi
©ISc.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14®18e; unpeeled, 6%@10c.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts, 15,
400 barrels; exports, 11,600 barrels. Inactive and
sellers 10@15c aoart.
fcan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy unset
tled weather Friday, with rain; fresh south
easterly wind. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
f?orecast Official.
Utah— Cloudy Friday; not bo cold.
Arizona— Fair Friday; continued cold
•weather, with killing froeta Friday mornm*
?Citrus fruit growers will need to protect their
fruit.)
Nevada— Cloudy Friday; warmer.
Southern California— Fair Friday, becoming
cloudy at nirht; severe frosts rriday morning
light northerly winds. <Cltrus fruit growers
rhould protect tbelr fruit &nd smudge vigor
ously.)
Northern California— Cloudy Friday • with
rain from Sen Francisco northward: warmer in
the valleys; fresh eo-jth<^et»rly winds, high oft
fhcre.
Eaetbound travelers are warned of low
temperatures ea*-t of the Rocky Mountains
Forecast made at San Frar.cisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. January 11 ¦
Severe frosts are probable Friday morning
pouth of the Tehachapl and also In the citrus
fruit belt of Arizona.
Southeast etorra waning are displayed alone
the coast from San Francisco to Eureka.
The temperature fcas risen ever Central and
Northern California and has fallen In South
ern California.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
Rorthern half of the Pacinc Slope. During tho
past twelve hours th»»re has rx»en a fall of
more than half an inch In pressure over WaFh
lngton and Vancouver Island. A storm of
Fome intensity is crntral over Washington and
Northern Orr-jron. The greater portion of the
ctcrm will probably pars eastward over Idaho
end Montana, but there will probably be a
southerly extension sufficient to cause rain on
the coast of California from Point Conception
rvorthward.
FORECAST
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
43. minimum SS. mean <3.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
THURSDAY. Jan. 10-4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Btd.Ask.
Alpha. C3 05 lustlce OS 09
Alta 04 06 Kentuck- 01 02
Andes Jl 12 Lady Wash — 03
Belcher 11 12 Mexican n 43
Best & Belcher 33 34 [Occidental 04 0«
Bullion 02 04 Ophlr K H7
Caledonia 85 90 Overman i» 17
Challenge Con. 17 IS Potosi 13 17
Chollar 14 It, Savage is 17
Confidence 55 57]Scorpton — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 W2 lSJBeg Belcher.... 03 ot
Con Imperial... 01 C2 Sierra Nevada. 29 so
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 47 4a
Crown Point... 13 14 St Louis fg _
Eureka Con.... — 35 Standard 4 ji) _
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate oj 11
Gould & Curry. 59 «0 Union Con is a>
Hale & Norcrs. C 23;Utah m os
Julia Gl OSlYellow Jacket. IS »
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
300 Andes 121 300 Ophlr _ 90
2O Best & Belcher 36| 300 Overman 15
2C0 Chollar 17 1 SCO Overman IS
500 Con Cal & V...2 13 200 Savage 17
5C0 Con Cal & V<2 17H 300 Savage 1«
800 Con Cal & V...2 20 50 Sierra Xevada. 2S
300 Crown Point... 14 .2S0 Sierra Nevada. 31
100 Gould & Curry. 60 200 Sierra Nevada. 30
400 Justice 09 600 Sierra Nevada. 32
200 Mexican 42 600 Stiver Hill 60
200 Mexican 44 500 Union Con 30
120O Ophlr 91 700 Yellow Jacket.. V>
200 Ophlr 92
Afternoon Session/
TOO Best & Belcher S3! 1400 Mexican 43
40O Best & Belcher 32 V<0 Occidental «5
S0O Best & Belcher *1 50 Ophir 85
100 Caledonia 83'nco Ophlr JO
800 Chollar 17| 2'0 Ophlr 91
3C0 Chotlar 19 200 Ophlr 92
60 Con Cal & V...2 30 300 Ophlr S3
100 Con Cal & V...2 25 250 Overman ....... IS
K00 Con Cal & V...2 13 4C0 Potosi 17
200 Con Cal & V.2 12V» 1500 Savage IS
S20O Con Cal & V...2 20 1 600 Savage 17
£00 Con Cal & V.2 22H StO Savage 1«
S0O Con Cal & V.2 X'tH 300 Sierra Nevada. 33
600 Con Cal & V...2 10 3C0 Sierra Nevada. 3D
25»Con Cal & V...2 00 400 Sierra Nevada. 23
300 Hale & Norcrs. 21 600 Union Con 2S
20O Hale & Norcrs. 23 500 Utah 6. 07
100 Mexican 43 500 Yellqw Jacket.. 13
200 Mexican 41
Morning Session.
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Following wer* the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Alpha Con 62 100 Hale & Norcrs. 21
6C0 Andes :. U 200 Hale & Norcrs. 20
200 Belcher 12 500 Justice- Oft
200 Best & Belcher 33; 600 Mexican 41
600 Bullion 03 300 Mexican 40
1C0 Caledonia 85' 100 Ophlr 8»
lOfr Caledonia 84 800 Ophlr 90
100 Caledonia 86 300 Ophir 91
2CO Challenge 17. 500 Overman 15
600 Chollar 18 6C0 Potosi 17
8C0 Cnollar 17 1000 Savage 17
SoO Con Cal & Va..2 20 1000 Sierra Nevada. 31
500 Con Cal & Va..2 15 loo Union Con 23
30O Gould & Curry. 53 ICO Utah Oi
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 13: 500 Mexican 42
UOO Belcher 13 600 Mexican 43
10O Best & Belcher 33i 800 Ophlr 92
KO Best & Belcher 34: 100 Ophir 91
'50 Caledonia 90 ICO Overman 15
920 Con Cal & Va..2 20, SCO Overman 16
600 Con Cal & Va..! 15 200 Savage 17
100 Confidence 65 400 Savage IS
500 Justice OS 500 Sierra Nevada. 2»
200 Justice 03 1C0 Union Con 39
MINING STOCKS.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co PCoSs.104% — Oak Water 53.101 102
Cal-st Cab 5s. 116 — Oceanic S S 5s.l0S%109
C C Water 5s. 106% — Om C Ry 6s... — 129
Ed L & P 6s.. 131 135 Pac G Imp 4s. 100 —
F & Cl Ry 6S.114V4 — P & Cl Ry 6s. 105 —
Geary-st H 5s. — — P & O K R 6s. — —
II C & S 5Hs. — — Powell-st R 6«.11S —
Do 5s 103?i — Sac E G&R Ss. — 100
L A Ry 6s. ..111*4— S F & SJV os.120 —
L A Lt Co 6s. — — S R of Cal 63. 110 —
Do gntd 6s.. — — S P R of A 6a.llOH —
Do 5s ,— — S P C 6s Q905).
li A P R R 5S.100 — Series A 109% —
Market-st 6s.. 126 — Do (Series, B)110V4 —
Do 1st M 5s.l21»il22% Do (1908) ...112 112%
N C N G R 7s. — 112 Do (1912) 120H —
N R of Cal 6S.112 113 S P R 1st gr os.107 108'4
Do 5s 119% — B P B R C 6s.l31>i —
N P C R R 63.101% — S V Water 6s..H4^ —
Do Cs 106 — Do 4s — "104
N Cal Ry 5s. .110& — Do 3d mtge.101%102
OGL & H 5s. - 111% Stktn Gu 6s.. 102 —
Oak Tran 6s.. — 117
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 70 71 (Spring Valley. 93 93U
Marin County. ol\b — I ,, .
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P Co -r 4>i T«ac L Co 43t£ 44U
E<iuit G L Co. 2% 3 Sac E G&R Co — —
Mutual El Co. 7 8Vj S F G & E.... 45 43Vi
OGLiH.... 49>4 50 Pan Francisco. 4U 4S
Pac Gas Imp. iZ% 43Vt Stktn G & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Firem's Fund.230 235 1
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal Ltd 76 — Lon P & A 143 —
Bank of Cal.. — 412 Merchants" Ex IS ¦
Cal S D & T..104 — S F Nat Bank 110 —
«Flrst Nationl.310 —
\ SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & 1..... —1840 Sav & L So.. — _
Hum S t L.. — — Sec Sav Bit 275 ;
Mut Sav Bk.. 50 — Union T Co...— _
S F Sav U....500- —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California 130 135 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-st 45 — Presidio — 20
Market-st 6S% 69
POWDER STOCKS.
California — 160 IVlgorit S SU
Giant' Con Co. 85 80V3I
SUGAR STOCKS.
liana S P Co. 6% 7 Kilauea S Co. 21 —
Haw.C & S Co — 90 Makawell S Co — 41
Horibkaa. S Co 31 — Onomea S Co.. 28 2SU
Hutch S P Co.25% 23>i Paauhau S Co 31H 3iy t
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Al Pack Assn. 125 126>4 Oceanic S Co.— 102
Cal Fruit Asn.l03VilOl Pac A F A I —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac Bor Co 153 154
Mer Ex Assn.. 97 — . . Par Paint Co. 12^ —
Board—
M Bank of California 410 00
{6.00O Hawaiian C & S Co Ss -103 SO
60 Makawell, "b 30 41 00
$1,000 Market-st R R Con 5s bonds...... 122 00
100 California Wine Association 100 00
25 Giant Powder Con... 84 75
30 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 00
100 Makawelt 41 00
25 Onomea Sugar Co....:... • 28 00
35 Pacific Gaa Imp 43 S7»i
130 Presidio. R R •-• 19 00
$10,000 S P of A bonds - 110 75
75 Spring Valley Water 93 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
35 Contra Costa Water 70 73
12,000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 103 50
*i Hutchinson S P Co 25 75
230 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 00
, 10 Makaweli .'..... 4100
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 101 00
190 Paauhau 3 P Co 31 12'yi,
-15 Paciflc Gas Imp .'.... 43 62W
Street—
;¦¦:;. S5 Alaska Packers' Association 128 00
10 Spring Valley Water 93 CO
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. 114 113 4s do cp (new)137413SV»
4s do reg 114 115 3s do coup 110 111
THURSDAY. Jan. 10—3 p. m,
UNITED STATES BONDS.
San Francisco National— William Pierce John
son, William J. Dutton. H. E. Huntlngton.
George A. Pope. Henry Pierce. C. 8. Benedict
and Jamea K. Wilson. Mr. Wilson was re
elected president. Mr. Johnson vice president,
L. I. Cowgill cashier and F. W. Wolfe assist
ant cashier.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Nevada National — John W. Mackay, James L.
Flood. Lewis Gerstle. Isalas W. Hellman.
Henry F. Allen, C. de Gulgne, Robert Watt,
Levl Strauss, I. W. Hellman Jr.. H. L. Dodge,
John F. Blgelow. The officers are as follows:
Isalas W. Hellman. president; John F. Blge
low, vice president; I. W. Hellman Jr., second
vice president; George Grant, cashier; W. Mc-
Gavln. assistant cashier.
First National—S. G. Murphy, James Mofntt.
George A. Low, J. Downey Harvey, James D.
Phe'.an, J. W. Van Bergen. John A. Hooper,
Thomas Jennings. George C Perkins. The old
of fleers were re-elected, as follows: S. G.
Murphy, president; James Mofntt. vice presi
dent; James K. Lynch, cashier; J. K. Mofntt,
assistant cashier; Charles K. Mclntosh, sec
ond assistant -cashier.
Ciocker- Wool worth— William H. Crocker, G.
W. Kline, George Crocker. C. F. Green. H. J.
Crocker, G. W. Scott and E. B. Pond. William
H. Crocker, was re-elected president. C. E.
Green vice president and G. W. Kline cashier.
The four local national banks held their an
nual meetings on the Sth as required by law,
and elected boards at directors as follows:
The Crocker- Woolworth National Bank pays a
semi-annual dividend this month of $4 per
share.
Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Bank will pay a semi
annual dividend of $3 per share on the 15th.
The first dividend of $2 50 per share by the
San Francisco National Bank was paid yester
day for the six months ending December .31,
1900.
The following were ex-dividend yesterday:
Giant Powder. 75c; Market-street R. R.. 60c:
Paaubau, 30c; Paciflc Gas Improvement. 30c
A semi-annual dividend of $5 per share has
been declared by tae First National Bank of
San Francisco, payable Immediately.
In the afternoon Monarch, Petroleum Center
and Lion were higher and Wolverine and Peer
less lower.
There was less rush on the Oil Exchange,
though sales were large, as usual. On the
morning session higher prices were paid for
Caribou, Lion, Monarch of Arizona and Thirty
three, while Peerless, Reed and Wolverine
were weaker.
Local stocks and bonds continued quiet and
unchanged.
riTOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 10-5 p. m.
Tne following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate as compared with those of same date last
ee&son. and rainfall la la?t twenty-four hours:
upon the leading commercial nations of the
new and effective Industrial competition com
ing from the United ttites. It is not bo much
e. matter of the present volume of this new
competition' as it is ihe effect of the full reve
lation of what may w? eoon expected. Ger
many, already in the throes of a reaction from
excessive overproduction of goods and of cver
cr?stion of industrial corporations, sees Amer
icans entering the markets en which she has
rnost centered her hopes asd producing lead
ing 6tai>Ies at lower prices than any other
countries; and the nation eo recently boasting
cf Its progress is now deeply alarmed at In
evitable invasions upon its Industries. A sim
ilar feeling of alarm, though less Intense. Is
appearing in Groat Uritain also. These symp
toms of change must 11 om this time forward
chill the spirit of European enterprise and pro
cuce a certain measure ft collapse, with which
business interests on this tile the Atlantic
must more or less sympathize; for we cannot
Invade the territory of our competitors without
•harms in the consequences. Thus, no sooner
has ' the nlnrteenth century placed us in a
position of vantage In the world's competition
than we have to face a set of new and per
plexing problems growing out of the largeness
©£ our successes."
dVcather Report.
positive eymptorr.s of reaction at New Tork
will precipitate realizing en these large trans
atlantic "transient holdings and this may pro
duce an important pressure on our home mar
ket. CcTHeTOponineouEly with these prospective
possibilities we t**> lurther preparations for
Seunchir^r new enterrrii'fs upon a large scale,
which will appear on the loan market in com
petition with the demand from speculative bor
rowers. Nor can we Ignore the growing effect
prewtiir.g ten years.
'"Thf- present jiositlcn of our financial rela
tions with Europe is suggestive of an Important
retiux homewajd of our securities. Both Lon
don and Berlin have made extraordinary rpecu
larive purchase? of oar nocks and bonds, to
which they still cling in hope of a further
ripe In prices. And tjoth those markets are
threatened with sharp irregularities If not
worse; it in therefore to be expected that any I
NEW CONDITIONS CONFRONT IT AT THE
BEGINNING OF THE CENTURY.
Henry Clews, the well-known New Tork
Cnarcier, In the course of a review of the
1: ¦ r. market for 1S0O says:
"Extraordinary as has been the activity of
the stock ir-arket during the last two months
the year as a whole has not equaled. In Its
volume of business, the record of 1S99. The
total transactions of 1500, in liEted and un
lifted ftocks. has aggregated 140,344,9S4 shares.
which is S2.C3.200 ehare? below the volume of |
181*. and only 1S.MS.C01 thares above the figures 1
of 1S&S. Compared with the average of th» j
nine years jrt-vious to lS&b the last year's sales j
ehow an Increase cf 76,000,100 shares, or about
Zli per cent. This shews that during the two
last vears we have had considerably more than
a duplJcation of the average volume of Etock
transactions that had prevailed through the
Future of the Stock Market.
y»fi adricee from New Tork »a.y: "The mar
icet Ehtrws litUe llTe anywhere, and buying is
c<i^ned almost entirely to email lots. Cur
rants sre unchanged. ' Sales are in little de
mand, but quotations are the same. The ten
dency is easier, however, and it le likely that
prices could be shaded for a round lot. Raisins
are &¦ much unsettled as ever, although it was
Fi&tei yesterday that more encouraging reports
had been received from the coast. Seeded are
vpj-j- easv. and it 5s understood sales of cartons
were made lower than tc. A little Inquiry for
2-crcwn and 3-crown loo^e is reported, but no
business of any sire was heard of. Layers
are offered very low. iraJe* of 2-crown are re
ported at $1 23. The poods, it is understood.
w«>re some that have been rejected. Prunes
are dull, thouph there is fair inquiry for 60-70s
ersd Kft-Mft. Some business Is reported in cheap
apMcots at low quotations. It Is said the
buyer was a local houte which recently bought
a considerable number cf cars of better quality
poods. Pecar.s ere *trcneer. An effort by a
local Jobber to get control cf the bulk of spot
eto^is is said to be under way. Jordan shelled
aimenSs are slightly iower."
Dried Fruit in Nkv York.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American new, 4g;
American mixed, old, 4s l%d. Futures, steady;
January, 3s lid; March, 3s 10%d; May, 3s 9%d.
WHEAT— Spot, strong; No. 1 California, 6s
6d; No. 2 Red Western Winter. 6s 2%d; No. 1
Northern Spring, 6s 4>4d. Futures— Steady;
March, 6s 25id; May. 6s 2%d.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 10.— WHEAT, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 5d@6s 5V&d; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull. French country
markets, part cheaper. -Weather in England
fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 5s 21-32d.
LONDON, Jan. 10.— Consols. 97 7-16d; silver,
2S%d; French rentes, lOlf 97i£c. Wheat car
goes on jr-ascice, quiet; No. 1 Standard Cali
fornia, 30s 6d; Walla Walla, 29s 6d. English
country markets flrm, advance 6d.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 10. — Wheat quiet and un
changed. Bluestem,. 59c; club, 56c.
PORTLAND, Jan. 10.— In the local market
56c Is still bid for Walla Walla wheat, but
there is very little selling at that figure. Blue
etem Is In nominal demand only and but few
exporters will grant a differential of more
than 2c per bushel for a round lot of choice
milling stock. Foreign exports of wheat from
Portland for the week ending to-day were
41S.2S0.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON,
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. 10.— Clearings, $513,
007; balances, $50,082.
HOGS— Receipts, 30,000; to-morrow, 23.000:
estimated left over, 7000. Opened 10c higher,
closed with advance lost. Top, $5 47>4; mixed 1
and butchers, 15 1&JT5 47»4; good to choice
heavy, $5 30<55 47^; rough heavy. $5 15iS5 2t>;
light. $5 1S@5 42^; bulk of sales. Ji 20@5 35.
SHEEP— Receipts. 10,000. Sheep and Iamb3,
steady to 30c higher. Good to choice wethers.
$3 M@4 73; fair to choice mixed, $3 5CX33 So
Western sheep, $3 S5@'4 65; Texas sheep, $2 &0@
3 60; native lambs, $4 25@5 60; Western lambs
%ZiQ 5 60.
CHICAGO, Jan. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts, 8000,
including 600 Texan*. Steers strong to 15c
higher; butchers' stack flrm; Texans, 10c high
er. Good to prime steers, $5 33S6 10; poor to
medium, $3 60*@o 25; stockers and feeders, $2 75
@1 40; cows. $2 65@4 25; heifers, $2 75®4 50; can
ners, $2>02 60; bulls, $2 75<g l 4 40; calves, $4@« 2i;
Texas fed steers. $4 lfrg-4 90; Texas grass
isteers, $2 5*53 50.
Chicago Livestock Market.
New York Cotton Market.
NBW TORK. Jan. 10.— The cotton market to
day was unchanged, closing with one
point higher.
NEW YORK; Jan. 10.— Bearish conditions
continue to be dominant in metal circles gen
erally. Tin was acain lower both here and al
London owing to the lack of speculative ln
terett, despite the fact that arrivals for this
year to date have only reached the small total
of forty-one tons. The close at London was
weak at £118^ 7s 6d. The local market opened
easy, ruling slow all day, with a weak under
tone, and finally closed easy at $26 30(326 50.
Although reports from London regarding cop
per were of an unfavorable purport, showing
an easy situation there at £72, Is 3d, the Jocal
market for that option held quite flrm at fully
mclntained prices — $17 for Lake Superior and
$16 62',4 for casting. Domestic iron markets
continue in a somewhat nominal manner, but
6entlment was bulllshly inclined on account
of an unexpected large Inquiry In the near
future. English markets were Is lower at
Glasgow to 55s 9d and Middlesboro, 48s 9d.
Lead and spelter were Inactive and barely
Bteady, with the closing basis at $4 37& and
$4 12@4 15 respectively.
New York Metal Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Feb. Mar. May.
Opening 6 2>i 6 2>,i
Closing 6 2% 6 2%
, . PARIS,
mieat— Jan. Mar.-June.
Opening 19 30 20 55
Closing ...19 30 20 55
Flour-
Opening 24 SO 26 20
Closing 24 80 26 20
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closlnr
Sold. Stocks- B,d :
23.S00 Atchlson i^i
2o.i>00 Atchison prefd *" «'*
ir.,000 Baltimore & Ohio.. !!!" 60^ '
Canadian Pacific " gjii
1.200 Canada Southern 57*'
8.100 Chesapeake & Ohio sail
2.0M Chicago Great Western 16^4
a3,o"u Chicago Burlington & Quincy 1441:
400 Chicago Ind & Louisville 23^
iGO Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 6OMs
SC») Chicago & Eastern Illinois 9414
l.tiOO Chicago & Northwestern 171V.
21.SMJ Chicago Rock Island & Paciflc 125
l,2i*0 C C C & St Louis 75U.
6,000 Colorado- Southern 7^
2.100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd ." 42'A
l.S'.'O Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16'i
.E.IMJ iJt-laware & Hudson 1155*
Delaware Lack & Western 195
2.2i">0 i:>env»r & Rio Grande 31
7«i r>enver & Rio Grande prefd S3
67.S0O Erie 2754
21.S00 Erie 1st prefd '.'.'.'.'. 64U
1.500 Great Northern prefd ."..'l96M«
Hocking Coal 15'
2.800 Hocking Valley '.'/.] 431;
2.700 Illinois Central rj-M*
1,500 Iowa Central -3U
400 Iowa Central prefd "...".* 51
1W Lake Erie & Western 4*
Lake Erie & Western prefd 110
Lake Shore 93Q ¦
EO.SPO Louisville & Naehvllle '... 90%
3.",&00 Manhattan L .* Ufcl
b,3ixi Metropolitan Street Railway 167^
4,000 Mexican Central 151?
Minneapolis & St Louis " fis
200 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 103
60.;:M> Missouri Pacific grir
1.200 Mobile & Ohio """ 47a?
4.S00 Missouri Kansas & Texas icu
M.400 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.. 47%
&™ New Jersey Central 153
9,7M New York Central ui*i
4,100 Norfolk &. Western 43T?
Norfolk & Western prefd *" «¦>
K3.8(V) Northern Paciflc " S3«,i
9.700 Northern Paciflc prefd " «5%
36.9C0 Ontario & Western gi2
Oregon Railway & Nav , 4*
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
15.3^0 Pennsylvania URfi.
22.400 Reading 3 ->£
13.5W) Reading 1st prefd " " 713?
ls€00 Rradlng 2d prefd I""". 43
Rio Grande Western 63
liio Grande Western prefd 92
C00 f-"t Louie & San Fran 23%
Bt Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 79U
2.CM St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 56V4
-«.000 M Louig Southwestern...: 22
13.3CG Ft Louis Southwestern prefd 49U
60.200 Ft Paul 152 ii
St Paul prefd jgx
200 Bt Paul & Omaha '133
23.200 Southern Pariflc t ->i'
18,700 Southern Railway 21«4
5,700 Southern Railway prefd 72
35.100 Texas & Paciflc •>«%
06,700 Union Paciflc "" £3?
8.700 Union Paciflc prefd " «^
2.100 Wabash ]2 *i
1.6O0 Wabash prefd 27»i
2,200 Wheeling & Lake Erie ."."' 17V4
1,100 Wheeling & Lake Erie prefd 28%
1,100 Wisconsin Central l-.i?
7"0 Third Avenue mjU
11,400 National Tube '' 61)
7.0C0 National' Tube prefd 100
3,100 Baltimore & Ohio prefd ...'. &c"i
Express Companies —
Adams 14^
American "l75
200 United States '.'.'."" 55
Wclls-Fargo '.V.'.'.'tfO
Miscellaneous —
GO American Cotton Oil 301:
American Cotton Oil prefd 89
American Malting prefd " 26
800 American Malting ;-,- 4^
4.000 American Smelting 4; Refng 67
1.200 American Smelting tk. Refng prerd.. 95'A
100 American Spirits o>|
American Spirits prefd " yj
1,200 American Steel Hoop ' 0914
200 American Steel Hoop prefd " 7s
€.200 American Steel & Wire v>y.
2.100 American Steel & Wire prefd 8714
6,400 American Tin Plate " 5954
100 American Tin Plate prefd ' <•()
43.S00 American Tobacco :?. ."114*4
American Tobacco prefd " \Z'\
4-jO Anaconda Mining Co (ml
33,900 Brooklyn Rapid Transit '" s"!*!
6,600 Coioradu Fuel & Iron ' t," 2 ij
C2.700 Continental Tobacco ' 431X
2,700 Continental Tobacco prefd '.'.'.' y^-iZ
1O.S00 Federal Steel „ rxv
' 2,000 Federal Steel prefd nv
3.100 General Electric ion
200 Glucose Sugar ...'.'S. X
Glucose Sugar prefd "* S4vi
100 International Paper «.,7
1,000 International Paper prefd . " "" -nt
Lac'.ecie Gas
2,100 National Biscuit \L
10<1 National UUcuit prefd " 041X
1.600 National Lead ........ « %
....... National I^ead prefd ....'...".".'"""" <m
6,000 National Kteel JSL
200 National Steel prefd....!!!'.! qiu
200 New York Air Bralt* 15s*
. 100 North American i«li
200 Pacific Caast "..!! "" $"
lifted the level of the prices considerably above
the lowest. The epurt In Louisville arid Nash
\-ille Just at the close on the increase in the
dividend rate helped the market somewhat, al
tbough thfcre was no general response. The
closing was in fact decidedly unsettled and
irregular and at a substantially lower level
of prices. The flnn movement of the bulls was
in the Southwesterns, seme of the specialties.
Including Texas and Pacific, Union Pacific,
Southern Pacific, Delaware and Hudson, Peo
ple's Gar and Western Union. The last named
stock was the only one of the group which
showed sustained strength with an extreme ad
vance of nearly 3 points. Missouri Paciflc was
marked up at one time to S7, but fell back
below 85 In the sharpest reaction of the day.
Still later there was a movement in the to
bacco stocks which carried Continental and
American Tobacco up 8 points. Tennessee Coal
4^4 and General Electric fc 1 *. But the general
disiKisition to realize profits and the rather
aggressive mood of the bears frustrated all the
attempts to advance the market. The rather
violent break In St. Paul of 4Vj points at the
opening had a decidedly disturbing effect on
speculative sentiment and some of the other
stocks which have been the subject of the most
persistent stories of inclusion in*vast new con
solidations were also quite acutely affected.
The repeated disclaimers by the financiers con
cerned of any of ths ttories which have cir
culated regarding these combinations have
been totally disregarded heretofore by the spec
ulative element, but something like conviction
was borne In upon them to-day, and while
the belief was unaffected that something very
important had been going on in railroad quar
ters the speculators awoke to the realization
that th? elaborate details published from time
to time were based on very flimsy evidence and
that they did not know much about the actual
transactions. The extreme decline in St. Paul
was 1%. and it reached from 1 to 3 points in
practically every important Btock on the list.
The Eries. the Readings., the grangers, Penn
sylvania and the Pacifies were most affected
Rubber preferred broke 4U points. Pressed
Steel Car 4 4 and the preferred 6. The bears
were timid, however, about pressing their ad
x-antage. This element is so eager to discount
the expected reaction that they keep the mar
ket well filled with thort accounts and upon
any considerable reaction they begin to buy
eagerly to cover. Th» existence of the per
sistent short interest 1? a material factor In
the resisting power of the market. It played
its part in effecting the rally from the ex
treme low point. After the flirt drop in prices
and the dislodging of the weaker speculative
accounts there was a decided falling oft In
the pressure of liquidation, which added much
to the timidity of the bears. The rally ex
tended to 2'« in St. Paul. VA in Erie first pre
ferred. J%. In Delaware and Hudson and be
tween 1 and 2 points in quite a number of
stock? The marked feature of the trading
after tho heavy selling ceased was the dullness
and the fOugglsh movement of prices.
Prices of bonds moved irregularly In svm
pathy with stocks. Total sales, par value, *$3.-
United States refunding 2s advanced 2Vi on
the last call.
Morning Session.
Board —
3500 California-Standard 33
4700 California-Standard, b SO 30
50 Caribou 60
400 Caribou «2
200 Caribou «»
200 Continental 1 If
1100 Four Oil Co 5?
150 Four Oil Co 5*
too Four Oil Co p S3
i Hanford 121 00
200 Home Oil 4 Cjj
50 Kern Oil Co 11 '*)
37C0 Lion Oil Co 22
1S0O Lion Oil Co 23
100 Monarch of Arizona 74
100 Monarch of Arizona 72
400 Monarch of Arizona ' 73
lOu Monte Cristo 2 20
100 Monte Crlsto ~ 2 10
tWO Occidental of West Virginia >tf
25 Oil City Petroleum 34 CO
20C Peerless " T3
110 Peerless S on
loon Petroleum Center 27
4300 Reed Crude Oil Co 70
2:. San Francisco & McKlttrick 1 efl
100 Sterling O& D Co 3 13
250 Thirty-three 11 t8
406 Twenty-eight - 3">
SCO Wolverine ISO
300 Wolverine 173
Street—
1000 Lion Oil Co n
SuCO Petroleum Center !•
Afternoon Session. '
Board—
300 California-Standard 33
2300 California-Standard 38
5<X>0 California-Standard, b SO 3Tt
ICO Caribou 55
500 Caribou 50
200 Caribou, s 30 ;o
1T.S0 Four Oil Co 5S
4C0O Lion Oil Co »
1300 Lion Oil Co 2«
600 McKittrick Consolidated 35
4oO Monarch of Arizona 7»
SCO Monarch of Arizona 73
60 Monte Crlsto r 05
2C0 Monte Crlsto ., 2 Y>
13 Oil City "Petroleum 34 00
16C Peerless 7 7c
2C0O Petroleum Center 27
350" Petroleum Center 23
3C0O Petroleum Center, b SO 29
2?00 Reed Crude Oil Co 70
lfK)O Reed Crude Oil Co 67
100O Reed Crude Oil Co. b 30 70
*vy; Reed Crude Oil Co, b 30 71
35o Sterling O & D Co 3 43
10O Twenty-eight 2 35
200 Wolverine 1 :s
400 Wolverine ,.... 1 7ft
900 Wolverine 1 65
Street— \ /
100 Monte Crlsto J • Cj
300 Wolverine, b 30 173
20C0 Reed Crude Oil Co 71
400 Junction - t£
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THtTRSDAT. Jan. 10—2:30 d. m.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
1
Silver a fraction off. Exchange unchanged.
Another advance in Pacific Codfish.
Wheat and Barley very quiet and the latter easier.
Oats firm. Corn and Rye dull and easy.
Bran firm at the recent advance. Hay steady and unchanged.
So further advance in Beans.
Potatoes steady, Orttons easy and Vegetables high and firtn.
General decline in Butter and Eggs. Cheese unchanged.
Turkeys hzirr. Otlicr Poultry firm.
Game selling better under lighter arrivals.
Four cars of Oranges to be auctioned to-day.
Bananas demoralized under excessive supplies.
Xo further variation in Provisions.
Mutton and Lamb stiff at the advance.
Oil stocks less excited, but still active.
Local stacks and bonds quiet and not materially changed.
Sugar marked up ioc all around.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances shows: Available
cash balance. $142,256,433; gold, $90,423,314.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— Money on call, steady,
2'/2Q3l£ rer cent; last loan, 2% per cent; prime
mercantile paper. 4^'g5 per cent. Sterling ex
change, firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 S7 for demand and iat $4 S3HS4 S3U
for sixty days; posted rates. $4 83V404 84 and
$4 SV&<3A 8S; commercial bills. $i 82U@4 82*;.
Silver certificates. 64 l ,4@Kc; bar silver, 63%c;
Mexican dollars, 49%c.
Nciv York Money Market.
LONDON. Jan. 10.— Atehlson, 47; Canadian
Pacific. 94'i: Union Pacifle preferred, 85%:
Northern Pacific preferred, S9V4; Grand Trunk.
7%: Anaconda, 9^. Bar silver, steady, 29*;d
per ounce. Money, 2%'g3 per cent.
CLOSING.
Discounts were higher, affected by yester
day's rise in Paris, while the bank began bor
rowing on consols. Money, however, was plen
tiful, although the bank returns showed re
pyaments by the market of £3,500,000. These,
however, were absorbed by money returning to
the provinces, leaving the market balances
unimproved.
Americans began heavy and after displaying
a hardening tendency, broke sharply on reports
of the New York opening prices, St. Paul fall
ing 5 points in flve minutes. Erics and North
ern Pacifies .were also adversely affected, the
last mentioned being sold from Berlin on pri
vate cables, intimating that the Hill deal Is
not going quite as was expected. The close
was flat and disheartening.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The marktts here were slack and idle to-day
and there was evidence that interest Is pass
ing from American securities to thoce of the
homo market.
LONDON, Jan. 10.— Money was easy and
abundant to-day. It is believed the Bank of
England is taking steps to reduce the floating
6upply, but this probably will prove a difflcult
undertaking with euch a plethora. Discounts
were steady. Outside of the American depart
ment the operations on the stock ex
change were featureless, the approach of the
settlement restricting transactions. Americans
opened dull, reacted, hardened, fluctuated and
closed weak and irregular with some further
declines. After regular hours there was a
great disposition toward profit taking. Grand
Trunks were lower, the traffic return being
less favorable than had been expected, this be
ing attributed to the inclusion of Western re
ceipts.
CLOSING BONDS,
U S 2s ref reg .105% N Y Cent lsts 106^i
U S 2s ref coud...105% NJ Cent gen 5S..12S
U S 3s reg 103^ n Paclttc 3s 71
U S 3s coup no N Pacific 4s VH%
U S new 4s reg....l37U N Y C & St L 4s.lOS
U S new 4s coup..l37»4 N & W con 4s S9"»
U S old 4a reg 114 Or Nav lsts 109 ,
V S old 4s coup... 114 Or Nav 4s 103»i
U S 5s reg... 11* Or S Line 6s 129
U S 5s coup 112 Or S Lino con Ss.lWi
Dls of Col 3.65s.... 125 Reading Gen 4s.... 94Vi
Atchison gen 4s...lO2'/i R G W lsta: 99?»
Atchlson adj -l«.... gg S L & I M con 5s. 114%
Canada So 2ds.....l09 S L & S F gen 6s.l27\4
Ches & Ohio 4^s..lO4'', St Paul cons 1S6
Ches & Ohio 6s....l20U St P C & P lsts..H7?i
C & >rw con-7s...l39% St P C & P 6s. ...120
C & NWSFdeb 5s.l23 Southern Pac 4s... S3%
Chgo Terminal 4s. 92H Southern Ry 68....112H
Colo Southern 4s.. 84^! Stand R & T 6s.... 70H
D & R Q 4s 03 Tex & Pac lsts.,. .115%
Erie General 4s... 84% Tex & Pac 2ds 95
F W & D C lsts... 7S Union* Pac 4s.- 106
Gen Electric 8s 155 Wabash lsts 11SV4
Iowa Cent lsts.,..115M: Wabash 2ds 10914
L. & N Uni 4s Wi West Shore 4s 114&
M K & T 2ds mi Wis Cent 4s 86
M K&T 4s 9S Va Centuries 96!£
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20'Little Chief 16
Alice 45 Ontario 6 00
Breece ....2 OOOphlr S5
Brunswick Con "5;Phoenix 10
Comstock Tunnel... 04!Potosl 17
Con Cal & Va 2 25 Savage 15
Deadwood Terra.... 55 Sierra Nevada T5
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes 65
Iron Silver 62 Standard 4 00
Leadvllle Con 061
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Moneys 1 Union Pacific S3
Call loans 4S5 Union Land 7%
Time loans 6©6^ West End 92V£
Stocks— iWestinghouse El... 64
A T & S F 431.41 Bonds—
A T & S F prefd.. S6'i ! Atchison 4s 101U
American Sugar... 13S :N E Gas&Coke 5s. 68
Am Sugar prefd. .118 Mining Shares —
Bell Telephone B9"j 'Adventure 10U
Boston & Albany.. 65 Bineham '. ii>\
Boston Elevated ..159 Amalg Copper 91U
Boston & Maine... 94 Atlantic 27H
Cbgo Bur & Q....144Vi Boston & Mont. ..315
Dominion Coal ... 37^ Butte & Boston... 78
Don) Coal prefd... 10S Calumet & Hecla.840
Federal Steel 55 Cewtetmial 23
Fed Steel prefd.... 75»iiHumboldt 50
Fitchburg rrefd -.138 iOsceola *. SSH
Gen Electric 1SS>± Parrot 4SV3
Gen Eiec prefd 156 Quincy 175
Ed Elec 111 217 Santa Fe Copper.. 6^
Mexican Central .. 15 Tamarack 325
X E Gas & Coke.. 13 Utah Mining 33
Old Colony ..203 Wlnona 514
Old Dominion 31T4 Wolverines 48%
Rubber 19fc|
London Market.
1.274,500 Shares eold
JW Pacific Coast 1st prefd 92
SM Pacific Coast 2d prefd 65V4
400 Pacific Mall 41*
22.<00 People's Gas 104
4.000 Pressed Steel Car 4o',i
¦ 1 '5S2 S": 856 ' 1 s teel Car prefd.... 76
100 Pullman Palace Car. 198
•;•••- Standard Rope & Twine 5
24,000 Sugar 13s
300 Sugar prefd 118%
lo.500 Tennessee Coal & Iron 57
2,200 United States Leather 13>4
1.000 United States Leather prefd. 75%
7,i00 United States Rubber 19U
2.900 United States Rubber prefd 60V4
E6..-.0O Western Union : l .. S7<^
1.200 Republic Iron & Steel Co '.. 15>4
. 533 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 62%
P C C & St Louis...'. ; 57«i
10, 1OO Amalgamated Copper 91
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
HIDES. AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
9V4c; medium. ;; 9c; light. 8@S#c; Cow Hides!
8%c for. heavy and 8@8^c for. light; Stags. «@
6V4c; Salted Kip. . fle; Salted Veal. . 9c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 15Hc; culls, 13%c; Dry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. 15@16c; culls and brands,
14c ; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20® 30c each ; short
Wool. 30frr.Sc each; medium, 60@73c; long Wool
75c@$l each ; - Horse : Hides, salt, $2 50@2 75 . for
large and $2@2 25 for medium $l@l 25 for small
and '50c for colts; Horse Hides, dry, $l 75 for
large. $1 50 for medium,' $1 23 for" small and 60c
Hides, _ Tallow, Wool and Hops,
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, &%c; three
Half-barrels. 8c: one tierce. "Tic; two tierces,
7%c: flve tierces. 7%c ¦ per lb.
LARD— Tle.rces quoted at 6H«i6%c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9V4c; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins, 974c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ligil^c per lb for
heavy, ll%@12c- for light medium. 12U@13c for
light.' 13WS14C for extra light and 15@15Uc for
pugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 11 yw?'
12c; Mess Beef, $12 per barrel; extra Mess, $13;
Family. $14; extra Prime Pork, $15@15 50; extra
clear. $19 50; Mess. $17; smoked Beef, 13c "per
pound.
Inactive and unchanged.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. 13',4©14Hc for hrlght and 12H
(513c for light amber; water white extracted,
7£<8Sc; light amber extracted. 6V4@7c; dark.
6&6^4o per lb.
• BEESWAX— 24@26c- per lb.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7H@9c per lb for Italian:
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. lie; No. 2. 8c; No. 1
hardshell. 10c; No. 2, "Me; Almonds, 12#13c for
popershell,. Ojtllc for softshell; Peanuts. 5@6o
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 13c; Filberts, 13c; Pe
cans. 51iK13c: Cocoanuts, $3 50@3.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices for the
season of 1900: Bleached Thompson's fancy, 12c
per lb; choice, lie;, standard. 8%c; prime. 8c;
unbleached Thompson's. 9c per lb. Sultanas-
Fancy, 10^c per lb; choice, 9V4c; standard, 8%c;
prime, 8c; unbleached Sultanas, 8c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. 6',4c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $150 per box; 3-crown, $1 60;- Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points in
California.
FRUITS— Prunes, Santa Claras, 4 sizes, 3c;
3ft-40s. 7c; 40-503, 6^c: 50-60s, 4Vie; 60-70s 3%c
70-SOs, Z%c; S0-90s, 2%c; 90-100s. 2%c; 100-120s,
l&c; rubles, %c premium; Sonoma?, %c and
San Joaquins %c less than Santa Claras, ex
cept 100 and over, which stand the same-. Apri
cots. 6@Sc for Royals and 10@10>4c for Moor
parks: Evaporated Apples, 5(&6c; sun-dried.
mfjM&Ci Peaches. 4@5c for standard, 6@6c for
choice and Wfftc for fancy: Pears, 2@7c;
Plums, pitted. 5@6^c: unpltted, l@lHc; Nec
tarines, £©54c for red and 5%@6c for white.
¦ There is nothing further new. It is the ex
pectation that the decline In Prunes will revive
tho demand, -but it remains to be seen. They
were very low before and still did not move.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins,
Four cars of Oranges are announced for to
morrow's auction.
, Bananas. are excessively weak under heavy
supplies, and prices continue to decline.
Citrus fruits continue weak and dull, and the
cold weather is against them.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—30@60c per box for'common and 75c
$$1 50 for good to choice; Spttzenbergs, $1 25®
1 75 ; Oregon Spltzenbergs, $1 25@1 50; Lady Ap
ples, %Va t 50 per«box.
PEARS— 50c©$l per box.
CRANBERRIES— Jerseys. $12: WIsconsins,
$13 60; Cape Cod. $14 per barrel; Coos Bay, $2 50
@2 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges, $1@2;
Seedlings, 50e<g$l 25; Tangerines, nominal; Man
darins. SSc(ff$l; Lemons. 23c«T$i 25 for common
and $1 50@2 50 for good to choice; Grape Fruit,
50c(ff$l 50; Mexican Limes, $4 5O<??5; California
Limes, 23@35c; Bananas, 50c@$l 75 per bunch-
Pineapples, $1@2 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Creamery— Extras, 23c; firsts, 20c; seconds
18c. ¦• • .
Dairy — Extras, 18c; firsts. 17c; seconds, 16c;
store. 13c. :
Storage— Creamery extras, 30c; firsts, 18c;
seconds, ; dairy extras, .
Pickle— 18c per lb.
Keg — 19c per lb.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 12Hc; choice,
lie; common, nominal; Young Americas, 13c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16%c per lb.
EGGS—
California ranch — Selected white, 2Sc; mixed
colors. 26c per dozen.
California gathered— Selected, 23c; standard
24c; seconds, 23c.
Fresh Eastern — Fancy, ; standard, ;
seconds, .
Storage— California fancy, ; standard, ;
Eastern fancy, 22'^c; standard, ; seconds'.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were 36.900 lbs Butter. 518 cases California
Eggs, cases Eastern Eggs, 14,550 lbs Cali
fornia Cheese and lbs Eastern Cheese.*
T!I!TTRR- >
All descriptions of Butter are lower and the
market is depressed, as the stock on hand Is
much larger than at this time last year, and
increasing. It. was said a fortnight ago that
when creamery got down to 25c outside orders
would appear and clean up the market, but the
market is even below that figure, and there
are no orders of any consequence In sight yeU
Eggs are also lower and weak, -with ample
supplies. Cheese is the only line under this
head that keeps up, and it is none too flrm.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Turkeys are dull and lower, with receipts of
42 cases of dressed. Otherwise the Poultry
market is quoted firm, with light supplies. Two
cars Eastern came in, making 6 for the week.
Game is selling better and all birds except
Quail are higher. Arrivals were only 90 sacks.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12®13c for Gob
blers and 12® 14c for Hens: Dressed Turkeys,
14@17c: Geese, per pair, $1 75@2: Goslings, Jl 75
©2; Ducks. $4 50@5 for old and $6@7 for young;
Hens, $4 60@6 50; Young Roosters, $6@7; Old
Itoosters. Si 50®5 50; Fryers. $6; Broilers. $3@
5 50 for large and $4j35 for small: Pigeons. $1®
1 25 per dozen for old and $2@2 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1 50@l 75 for Valley and $2 25
for Mountain; Mallard, $3@4; Canvasback, $3
04 50; SprifT. $202 50; Teal. $1 50@2; Widgeon.
$1 50@l 75; Small Duck, $1@1 25; Black Jack.
$1 50; Gray Geese. $:>©3 25; White Geese, $1®
1 50; Brant. $1 5001 73 for small and $2^2 25 for
large; Honkers, $4@4 50; English Snipe. $1 50@
3; Jack Snipe, $1@1 50; Hare. $1 2301 50: Rab
bits, $1 50 for Cottontail and $1 for Brush;
Doves, 75c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Potatoes are generally firm at unchanged
prices, i River Reds are almost cleaned up and
nominal. Onions are slightly off. Arrivals of
Sweets are lighter. Southern Vegetables are
scarce and firm, with continued killing frosts
reported from the south.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 60<g^0c; River Reds,
— ; Burbanks. 35@55c for River and 85c® 11 15
per ctl for Salinas and 75@95c for Oregon;
Sweets, 40@50c for Elvers and 85@90c for Mer
ced.
ONIONS— $1 75@2 per ctl; Cut Onions, $1®
1 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 7@10c per lb;
String Beans, 12i£@17Hc; Cabbage, 90o; Toma
toes, Los Angeles, $1@2 per crate: Egg Plant,
Los Angeles, 15c per lb; Green Peppers, Los
Angeles. E@Sc per lb for Chile and 10c for Bell:
Dried Peppers. 9®llc; Dried Okra. 10© 15c per
lb; Carrots. 25@35c per box; Hothouse Cucum
bers. $1 25'gl 50 per dozen; Summer Squash.
$1 7502 per box; Garlic, 4QZc per lb; Marrowfat"
Squash. $10@15 per ton; Mushrooms, 10Sz20c
per lb. »
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 50i33; Canary,
KKOSKe for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7%@9%c; Rape,
2«S2Uc: Hemp. 3%@3%c; Timothy, 6V4c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2@2 50;- Green, $2 70
fi-3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos, J2 5032 70; Small White.
$4 5n<54 65; Large White. $3 63@3 80; Pink, $2 20
(3.2 35; Red. $2 75@3; Blackeye, $3; Limae. $5 50
tfj-3 65; Pea, cleaned up and nominal; Red Kid
ney, $3 75@4 per ctl.
Beans seem quieter and there is no further
advance.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer. $5@8; "Wheat, $11@13 50;
Wheat and Oat, $10@12 50; Oat, f9@12; Clover,
nominal; Alfalfa, $S@9 50; Barley, 17 50@9 50
Pe STRAW— 35@47*ic per bale.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $1C@17 per
tor.; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25g26; Jobbing,
?26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17018; Corn Meal, $26@
26 50; Cracked Corn. $26 50@27; Mixed Feed,
$15@16. T ¦ ,
BRAN— $14 50@15 EO per ton
Bran continues firm, with strong northern
markets and light shipments -to this port.
There Is nothing new In Hay.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
M1LLSTCFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 15;
extra cream do. {3 50; Oat Groats, $4 50; Hom
iny, $3 50<@3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4®4 25;
Cracked Wheat, |3 60; Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6@
7 25; in sacks. $5 75®7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, S3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 7332 S3 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington, bakers', $2 75
©3.
Flour, and Millstuffs.
Cash quotations were as-follows: Flour, dull
and steady: Ko. 3 spring wheat. G7«274c; No. 2
red, 76?ir; No. 2 corn. 3~Hc; No. 2 yellow, 3~Mc;
No. 3 oats, 24Hc; No. 2 white, 2<He; >« T o. 3
white, 26>,i(g27Hc; No. 2 rye. 64c; fair to choice
malting barley, 57@62c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 63;
Xo. 1 Northwestern. $1 63; prime timothy seed.
$4 7G; mess pork, per barrel, $U 75@ 15; lard.
l>er 100 pounds, |7 30@7 45; short-rib sides
(loose), $6 90@7 20; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
$6 12^06 23; short clear sides (boxed). J7 30<3>
7 40; whisky, basis of high wines. $1 27: clover,
contract grade, $10 75. ' • '
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour., barrels SO.COO 48.OCO
Wheat, bushels 93.000 43.000
Corn, bushels 340.COO 236,000
Oats, bushels 326.000 179,000
Rye. bushels 4.000 4.000
Barley, bushels 62.000 19,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull: creamery. 15<HZ2Mc: dairy. 12
<&I0c. Cheese, dull, 10U@U%c. Eggs, dull;
fresh, 19c.
Articles- Open. High. Low.- Close.
Wheat No. 2—
January 75^4 7514 u% 74%
February 76 76 75% 75%
M CoVnNo-2-- ?SVS '"* ™ V%
January 367^ 36 7 4 36% 36%
February 37 is fc 37 s t 37Vi 37%
M Oats-XoV 2 -"- 39 * M * 3S * 38%
January 03S4 23% 23% 23%
W *y •••• : 25% 23% 2% 25tt
Aless Pork, per barrel-
January 1501) 15 00 14 40 14 40
Ma >' 14 30 14 SO 13 93 14 00
Lard, per 100 pounds—
£ :nu ary 745 730 7 30 7 30
JJarch 7 42>* 7 43 7 32>4 7 32*4
Mav 7 55 7 5714 7 42«,4 7 45
bnort Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January 717 i£ 71714 70214 7 02tf
May 722^ 7 27H 7 0714 7 17»i
under the influence of other grains. May closeo
easy, a shade lower at 25&c.
Provisions opened higher in sympathy with
an advance at the yards, -but prices gave way
later under local pressure. • The short interest
seemed to be pretty well protected and pack
ers were- more liberal In their offerings. May
Pork closed 20c lower at $14; May lard 5c lower;
May ribs. 7Hc, depressed.
Tne leading futures ranged as follows:
FOR THURSDAY. JANUARY 10.
Flour, qr ska 6,22S,Wlne. gals 50.400
Wheat, ctls 1.600 Hides, No 4S
Barley, ctls 8,015 Pelts, bdls 19
Oats, ctls 360 Lime, Dbls..! 182
Beans, sks 2.492 Powder, cars 1
Potatoes, • sks 4,435 Tallow, ctls 224
Onions, sks 531 1 Wool, bales 1
Hay. tons 61S, Shorts, sks «
Straw, tons 26'RaisIns. bxs 750
Middlings, sks 40. Sugar, ctls 1,100
Leather, rolls 51 Quicksilver, flsks 45
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 11,544 Potatoes, sks S.325
Oats, ctls 260 Onions, sks 60
Receipts of Produce.
BA<fe-San Quentln Bags, $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags, June and July. J%c; Wool Bags.
2SV;(332V2c; Fleece Twine, "iic.
COAL— Wellington. J3 per ton: Souihfield
Wellington. $9; Seattle. V. Bryant. |7; Coos
fBay. $5 50; Wallsend, |3; Co-operative Walls
end. 19: Cumberland, »12 In bulk and $13 25 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $U: Can
nel. *10 r-r ton: Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
SIS Jn sacks; Rocky Muontaln descriptions, JS *¦>
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand. ,
SUGAR— Prices have advanced 10c all around.
Tho Western Sugar Refining Company quotes,
per lb. In 100-lb bagrs: _
Crushed. 6.25c: Powdered, 5.S3c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.83c; Dry Granulated, o."5c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c; Magnolia A. 5.35c: Extra C.
6.25c: Golden C, 6.15c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than n>
barrels or Its equivalent. Dominoes, half-bar
rels, 6.5Cc: boxes, 6.75c per lb.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Has again advanced, as
follows: Bundles, per lb, 4c; cases, regular.
ih'zc; cases, extra large, 5c; cases, Eastern
style, t^c; boneless, 6c; Norway, 6>4c; Nar
row Gaupe, CVic; Silver King. 7c; blocks. Ori
ental. 5*4c; blocks. Seabiight, C^c: tablets.
Crown brand. 7c;, middles. Golden State. «c;
middles. White Seal. 8%c; boxes, fancy bone
less, 7®'Jc; desiccated, Gilt Edge, per dozen,
75c; pickled eod. barrels. »7 50; pickled cod,
half barrels, $4 23.
General Merchandise.
Mutton and Lamb are' very firm at the ad
vance noted. Hogs are steady, with moderate
SU BEEF-7@Sc for Steers and 6@7c per lb for
C VT?AI^LarKe 869c; small. 9@10e per lb.
MUTTON^WetK 9%©10c; Ewes. 9@9Hc
per lb; spring. 12H©15c per lb.
pop^ Jy* Hoes 5*ic for small and 5» t c for
mS^nd sS cr C .ar 5 e; stock Hog, and
feeders. 5%c; dressed Ho?s, itt@S£c
San Francisco Meat Market.
for colts. Deerskins— Summer or red eldns. 35c.
fall or medium akin*. 30c; winter or tain
skins. 20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras. 75c.
large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4c per lb; No. a.
3@34c; grease, 2©2tfa " .'
WOOL— Spring Clip Is quotable aa '°U°!™:
Northern, free. 15®16c; Northern, defective. 120
lie- Middle County, free. 15@16c; Middle Coon
s' defective, 12@14c; Southern Mountain, w
months' 9® 10c; Southern Mountain, free, i
months', ll@12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months', 8@llc: Humboldt and Mendocino. 1»
®Fall *cUp^-San Jpaquin, 6%®8c: do lambs, 8®
9c- Middle County, 9@10c; Northern Mountain,
free 10@llc: Southern Mountain, 7%®S^c;
Humboldt and Mendocino. 11012c per lb.
HOPS— 12® 16c per lb. ,-y-.-i.>-
THE SAN FRANGISGO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 11, 1901.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Mr. Sophtie-Well. Willie, your sister
ha9 given herself to me for a Christmat
present. What do you think of that'
Winie-Huhl That's what she done fu»
Mr. Brown last year, an* he gev h«rh 9^
before Easter. I bet you'll do the tUSt
Philadelphia Record. * ne same—
Nczv York Stock Market.
TCKW YORK. Jan. 10. — There nu a decided
further Tallinz off of artlvlty of the trading:
In stocks to-<!ay and prices fell back very
FMierally throughout the list. There were
tbortive effort* to continue the advance both
Bt the openl'ir and at different times during
the day. but the market did not at any time
fhow any decided «trength. The moet that
the bulls were able to achieve was to check
the reactionary Wn&ruey. The pressure to cell
vu much relaxed during the latter part of the
Cay and the demand to cover from the ehorts
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
STOCKa
Bid
STOCK& I
Bid. I
I Asked
— —
i
American Fuel & Oil Co
Buckhorn
Burlington
California-Standard
Caribou
Four
Hanford .*.....
Home
Homeetake
Independence •
Kern
Kern River
Lion Oil Co
McKlttrick Consolidated
Monarch of Arizona
Junction i
McKlttrlck
Wolverine
Monte Cristo , N
Occidental of West Va
Petroleum Center
Reed Crude
San Joaquin O & D Co*
Sterling: O A D Co
Sunset Original
Twenty-eight
Westsnore
Yukon
Peerless
B I Oil
23
38
47
67
3 90
n
ir> 75
16 75
25
73
63
87
1 60
.105
27
m
12 50
3 45
2 30
4 00
773
S 7i
25
33
19
53
in oo
3 35
U <X>
11 SO
17 00
40
74
70
1 63
«3
2S
70
13 V0
41
2 35
4 25
«"
8 00
14 00
Last
rATi
L ...
?
•»
>eason
3 B!
:ran]
-. Fr
liies
10.00
..I ....
¦po .
S 10.S1
6.P5
4.95
20.7?
7.85
2.45
U.2S
€.11
2.09
li.50
4.57
2.60
Last
rATi
L ...
?
•»
>eason
3 B!
:ran]
-. Fr
liies
10.00
..I ....
¦po .
S 10.S1
6.P5
4.95
20.7?
7.85
2.45
U.2S
€.11
2.09
li.50
4.57
2.60
STOCKa
Bid
STOCK& I
Bid. I
I Asked
— —
i
American Fuel & Oil Co
Buckhorn
Burlington
California-Standard
Caribou
Four
Hanford .*.....
Home
Homeetake
Independence •
Kern
Kern River
Lion Oil Co
McKlttrick Consolidated
Monarch of Arizona
Junction i
McKlttrlck
Wolverine
Monte Cristo , N
Occidental of West Va
Petroleum Center
Reed Crude
San Joaquin O & D Co*
Sterling: O A D Co
Sunset Original
Twenty-eight
Westsnore
Yukon
Peerless
B I Oil
23
38
47
67
3 90
n
ir> 75
16 75
25
73
63
87
1 60
.105
27
m
12 50
3 45
2 30
4 00
773
S 7i
25
33
19
53
in oo
3 35
U <X>
11 SO
17 00
40
74
70
1 63
«3
2S
70
13 V0
41
2 35
4 25
«"
8 00
14 00
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
-^-^ OP ALL THE
THOROUGHBREDS^
In training belonging to Messrs. W R^ LAK-
ZALEKE. P. RYAN and PHIL ARCHI-
BALD.
Consisting- of such
ORANASIA and several two-years-old» by
Take Notice. General Miles. Dare, etc.
Horses are all In training and ready to race
n °Saie will take place at the Oakland Racetrack
THIS SATTJRJDA Y. January 12. 1901. commenc-
ing at 12 noon. ' • - •
Catalogu^now Auctlpne . r
AUCTION SALE
£s> op
100 HEAD BROKE AND ITNBROKE HORSK3
Weighing from 800 to 1600.
Horses cam be seen up to day of sale at the
Ranch.
Mares in foal and with colta by side, yearlings
and two-y-ar-olds. Work. Farm. Orchard
and Driving Horses.
Property of J. B. NIGHTINGALE.
GREEN VALLET FARM, CORDELIA.
To be sold on
SATURDAY. January 12. 1301.
CORRALS IN CORDELIA?'SOLANO COUNTY.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
Successors to Kllllp & Co.. 1732 Market st.CARPENTERS OBJECT TO
BOSS AND GO ON STRIKE
on Which the Men Were
Working.
Police Asked to Protect the Property
The carpenters employed on the flats
being built on Missouri street, between
Eighteenth and Twentieth, struck yester
day afternoon for ' the - reason that' the
Real Estate Development /Company, by
which they were employed, persisted' in
using mill work from non-union mills and
because the contractor ; in u charge em
ployed a non-union man. ;. They went in a
body to the office of the company in the
building and asked for their pay, which
was refused them. ' > -'¦¦'--¦• . .;
Fred Clark; president, and Henry Whit
ley, secretary, of the company, communi
cated with the police, asking that a guard
bo placed around their. property, as they
feared it .would be damaged by -the strik
ers." ,- ."¦ ¦ './•¦ "'¦¦¦.'- 0 : ' k,.2J3£SS5
GRIPMAN SPELLER USES
GAS TO END HIS LIFE
Leaves a Note to Landlady Directing
Disposition of THg
Effects.
"W". R. Speller was found asphyxiated in
his room, 704 Baker street, at 6 o'clock
yesterday morning. The gas key on the
fixture was turned on, the keyhole had
been stuffed with bits of cloth and the
door casing had been made air tight with
the same material by the suicide. Speller
was being "broken ln" as a gripman on
the McAllister-street line and had placed
the usual deposit of $25 with the com
pany. On the table in nls room he had
left two notes. Qne to his landlady read
as follows:
_ , -, ¦¦ '„¦:-' January >.
Dear Lendlady-I am eorry to give you so
much troufcia. but pleane fonrive me. Mlsx
Breen. wrl-.o ilvea at 122 Turk street, will taie
charge of everything belonstn* to me. And
about the rent. Dlea«e kwp what you think 1b
¦njrht and sive her the balance.
, JRlS °, ther wa8 addre ssed to Miss Breen,
122 Turk street, and was an order'on the
Market Street Railway Company -to pay
to her the 123 advanced as a deposit by
Speller. No reason. for Speller's suicide is
known.
The Pacific Cable.
The Merchants' Apsociaiion of San
Francisco yesterday received communica
tions from* Senators Perkins and Bard
and from Representatives Kahn. Loud,
Metcalf. Needham and Waters to the ef
fect that the matter of the early con
struction of a Pacific cable from this city
to the Orient under the control of the
Vnited States Government would receive
their careful consideration and hearty
Fupport.
MINER HULL "WANTS A Til.
OF HIS MONET BACK
¦
OAKLAND, Jan.- 10.— G. R. Hull, the
Arizona mining man, whose matrimonial
difficulties are being exploited in the
courts, began suit to-day to deprive his
former wife of the right to draw upon the
?5000 of community money deposited by
him In the Oakland Bank of Savings.
Hull alleges that the deposit was made
under the supposition that the woman
was his legal wife and submits that sine*
the courts have dissolved the marriage on
the ground of the woman's fraud tho
money should be adjudged to belong solely
to him.
Prior to the annulment of the marriage
Mrs. Hull was given permission to draw
$100 monthly from the deposit.
field trial judges in the jvorld, arrived
here last night from Winnipeg to judge
the field trials which will be held at Coro
nado.
Johnson Is known to lovers of high bred
dogs the world over as a keen sportsmen
well versed in everything relating to his
chosen work. As a judge he has gained a
great reputation for absolute fairness and
perception.
He gained some distinction ln Winni
peg by driving a team of elks hitched to
a buggy. This is his second visit to tho
coast. He was out here before to act aa
judge at the Bakersfield field trials. .
Thomas Johnson Comes From Win
• nipeg to Render Decisions ra
the Coronado Contests.
Thomas Johnson, one of the greatest of
NOTED JUDGE OF FIELD
TRIALS ARRIVES HERE
The annual reunion of the Alumni Asso
ciation of the California Business College
was held- last .night in the assembly hall
of the college. Professor A. '-W. Atherton
of the department of business education
at Berkeley and C. L.- Smith, of the Cali
fornia Business College spoke briefly on
the benefits accruing to those who receive
a business education.. v
Professor David Starr Jordan of Stan
ford University gave an entertaining 1 ad
dress on Japan, illustrated with stereoptl
con views by Kanzee. •:. ¦ ¦
The musical numbers of the programme
were rendered by Joe Roseborough, Mrs.
Ross Campbell, Mollle M. Dewing. Miss
Jennie Fraser and Miss Helen Davis. At
the conclusion of the literary programme
the members of the Alumni Association
met at the banquet board. Professor R.
L. Durham, president of the college, acted
as toastmaster. . - '. -. . . . ¦".¦'.;¦
Professor Jordan Addresses ! the
Alumni of the California Busi
ness College on Japan.
REUNION AND BANQUET
. OF COLLEGE GRADUATES
. H. J. Caveney. president: O. W. Michael,
first vice president; W. E. Read, second vice
president; D. Ztrkle-, third vice president: A. S.
J. Woods, secretary: O. P.- Feely, financial
secretary : J. H. Donohue, treasurer; F. B.
Sullivan, sergeant at arms. Executive conunlt
t e »— H. J. Caveney. A. S. J. Woods. J. H.
Donohue, Warren .Kins. B. Mahoncy. ,
At a meeting of the board of directors of
the California Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to. Children, held yesterday ln
the rooms of the organization in the Par
rott building, the following officers were
elected for. the ensuing year: President,'
Charles Sonntag; secretary. M. J. White;
treasurer, . George A. .Newnall; office as
sistant, P. Shannon; counsel, Charles L.
Patton: attorney, Purcell Rowe.
San Francisco Branch No. S. United Na
tional Association of Postofflce Clerks, has
elected the following officers to serve for
the ensuing year:
Election of. Officers.
At the meeting of the Retail Grocery
Clerks' Protective Union last night at Sar
atoga Hall the '. following officers were
elected to serve for the ensuing term:
President. Chrla Hartmann; vice presi
dent. Ben Henrlckson: secretary. Kd
Hagemann: treasurer. Jacob Foge: board
of directors— Louis Volk. Cord Meyer. Pe
ter Bork, George Schouse and George Ot
zen; sergeant at arms, William Wurz
bach.
¦ - It •, was decided to make temporary
downtown headquarters at the office of
the Retail Grocers' Protective Union. 214
California street. William Welby was ap
pointed canvasser and collector.
Grocery Clerks Elect Officers.
F. H. Hammerton, who claims to be an
attorney of Willows, was arrested yes
terday by Detectives Ryan and O'Dea for
attempting to pass two bogus checks —
one for $35 and the other for $40-on the
IXL store and the Plaza loan office.
In both places he bought clothing and
Jewelry and presented the checks in pay
ment. Inquiry at the banks upon which
they were drawn showed that they were
worthless. Hammerton says In his own
defense that ha believed that the checks
were genuine. '
ACCUSED OF PASSING
FICTITIOTJS CHECKS
<By stipulation? of all the parties to' the
suits, United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday dismissed all the cases pending
in which A. B. Bowers was plaintiff and
the Oakland Iron Works,; W.. H. Concan
non. Fulton Engineering and Shipbuilding
Works ¦ Pacific ¦ Improvement Company.
Atlantic, Gulf > and Pacific Company and
the city* of: Oakland the defendants. Tho
suits were brought ; Tor injunctions, i ac
countings "Van.lv damages for alleged in
fringements of Bowers'- patent for hy
draulic dredging machinery. ,« There' are
two or three contempt cases pending in
the same i suits and these. Judge Morrow
declined to dismiss. ...
Bowers Litigation Ended.
. Chief Sullivan w*s surprised yesterday
morning when he learned that two "spiel
ers" for an Eastern weekly had been
holding up- the men reporting on and off
duty at ; the Central station and getting
them to subscribe for the paper on the
promise >that they.: would have thrown In
a copy of a book on '.'Useful Knowledge."
The officers imagined that the "spielers"
had received official sanction and the two
did a rattling business. The Chief at once
gave orders to the' outside stations that
if the . "spielers" appeared there they
should not be allowed to Importune the
men, and all those who subscribed at the
Central station under a false impression
were asked to report to Captain Wittman
so that the . contracts might be canceled.
Their Canvass Stopped.
' Senator Lindsay of Kentucky describes
himself and Senator. Caffrey or Louisiana
ns "the only Democrats remaining In the
Senate."
Plan Reception to President.
The preliminary steps toward a partic
ipation by the Native Sons of the Golden
"West in" entertaining President McKinley
and his party when they arrive here in
May next were taken by Bay City Parlor
No. 104 'last evening, when It appointed
a committee of three, consisting of
Thomas R. Hamilton. Henry G. "W. Dln
kelspiel and Harry M. Nordman. to con
fer with : similar committees which the
other parlors of this city have been re
quested to appoint when they roe« in
joint convention on Friday evening, Jan
uary 25, 1S01, at ;N. S. G. W. Hall for tb«
purpose of devising ways and means.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 10.— Miss Clara Louise
Atkins, a prominent soprano singer, and
Benjamin L. - - Tarbox . were r married, to
day - at-' noon - at i - the home . ¦ of . : the
bride's parents: on' Buena ;Vista :avt-;
!nue. . The ceremony, was performed by
Rev. ¦ F. S.v Brush; pastor of r the , Flr&t
Presbyterian ; Church, in: the i presence of
relatives anfl intimate, friends. The couple
will reside; in -J5an • Francisco.
1 ¦ ¦¦ •••¦. ¦:,:,--
Tarbbx- Atkins .Wedding.
CLAIMS SIGNATURES TO
CONTRACT ARE FORGED
J J. Smith Makes Serious Allegations
Regarding Grading of Arling
ton Street.
The Supervisors' Street Committee lis
tened yesterday to a verbal protest by J.
J. Smith against the grading of Arlington
Etreet. SmSth aJWred that A. Thompson,
representing the San Francisco Construc
tion Company, had Feeured a permit to do
the work by misrepresentations to the
IU.ard of Public Works and that the slg
naturep of proi>erty owners to the' con
tract wrrr forced. The committee advised
Frnith to look for relief to the Board of
Public Works. If no relief were afforded,
the Board of Fur>ervi<*ors would then in
vestigate the matter.
Chief Engineer Schuster. addressed the
Fire Committee rrpa:tiii:p the installation
of automatic sprinkler* In buildings. It
¦wflj> decided that firhuss=!er. F"!re Chief
Fulllvan and the proprietor* of the sprink
ling device meet next Morday to agree on
an ordinance on the vubjert to be pre
ccr.ted to the commitir-e next Thursday.
JUDGES DEAL WITH
TRANSGRESSORS OF LAW
Knife-Wielders, Forgers and Thieves
of Various Degree Are Haled
Before the Courts.
William Tiernan, 218 Dorland street, who
stabbed his brother. Henry, in the Cabin
saloon, 147 • Third street, early yesterday
morning during a row over a woman, was
arrested about an hour after the stabbing
by Sergeant Griffiths and Policeman Tyr
rell and booked at the City Prison on two
charges of assault to murder. Besides
stabbing his / brother, he is also acused of
attempting to Etab Mrs. Annie Fitzger
ald, 29 Minna street, who was with Hen
ry at the time. The cases were called in,
Judge Mogan's court yesterday and were
continued till January 15, pending the re
sult of Henry's injuries.
J. C. Sala, instrument manufacturer, 429
Montgomery street, secured a warrant
yesterday for the arrest of C. Ogllvie
Kempner oa the felony charge of ob
taining goods by false pretenses. Kemp
ner, who represented himself as a mining
expert; was introduced to Sala by Assay
er Price and he purchased two tripods
valued at $500. lie gave Sala a check
on the London and San Francisco Bank
for $220 in part payment and the check
was dishonored. Sala reported the case
to Captain Seymour and .Detective Cody,
who was detailed on the case, found that
the tripods had been pawned.
"Major" TSdwin Lewis was booked at
the City Prison yesterday on a charge of i
forgery, based on his connection with a
fraudulent deed to property on the south
west corner of Jackson and Laurel streets
valued at $30,000. Lewis had made elab
orate preparations for doing a wholesale
business in the same way. W7 A. Nevills,
tho millionaire mine owner, had a look at '¦
Lewis in the City Prison yesterday, as he
thought he might be one of the men im
plicated ln a deal concerning some of his
property now pending in court, but he
could not identify , him. '
George Smith, alias Bertram Hamilton,
accused of petty larceny for stealing
books from the news stand at the Palace
Hotel, appeared before Judge Mogan yes
terday. It was intimated there would be
no .prosecution, but the Judge refused to
dismiss the caae and continued it till this
morning so that. reasons could be given
why the case- should be dismissed.
Body Which Indicted As
sessor Examined as to
Grounds of Charges.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway. Jan. 10.
At to-day's session of the Grand Jury
all the members of the last jury were in
attendance to testify concerning the
grounds upon which County Assessor
Henry P. Dalton was indicted. Dr. George
C. Pardee was also a witness.
The members of the former investigat
ing body to be examined this morning
were T. L. Barker. John Dlxon, William
Day, A. L. Fish, E. A. Brangs, Edgar
Bishop. G. B. M. Gray. Minor Hillyard,
Franklin Bangs, Samuel Heywood. Louis
Hohmeyer, Ira M. Wentworth, A. J. Nor,
J. B. Greenleaf, George Burbeck, R. M.
Turner, James Moffltt. C. P. Hoag and
Hugo Abrahamson.
The former jurymen were admitted one
by one to the closely guarded room where
the present investigation is in progress
and questioned on the evidence upon
which the accusation and Indictment
against the County Assessor were based.
They were examined with particular min
uteness as to whether they had been ap
proached by any one seeking to Influence
their action in any way. especially in a
political manner.
Instead of contenting themselves, as
usual, with the services of one of the dep
uties from the District Attorney's office,
the jury summoned District Attorney Al
len himself to their room and he remained
in close consultation with them through
out the session.
To-day's hearing lasted from 10 until 1
o'clock. At the latter hour the Grand Jury
adjourned to meet at 10 a. m. to-morrow,
when, it is said, the examination of the
Oakland Enquirer staff on the authorship
of the charges of political control of the
last Grand Jury will begin. This . Is the
information which the Jury! attempted,
without success, to obtain from Manager
G. B. Daniels of that paper, last Tuesday.
JURORS TESTIFY
ON DALTON CASE
WASHINGTON, Jan. lO.-Solidtor Gen
eral Richards resumed his argument in
the Porto Rican cases when the Supreme
Court convened to-day. Before taking up
the line of his argument he made reply
to a question by Justice WTiite as to the
meaning of the words, "the- territories,"
as used by Chief Justice Marshall in tha
Loughborough case. He said in that
connection that the- power of Congress
over territory does not cease when it !••
organized and brought under the United
States, but that he did recognize that
there is a distinction In the control un
der the differing circumstances.
Discussing the constitutional provision
of uniformity in the matter of taxation.
Mr. Richards said that provision was In
serted to remedy the divers and conflict
ing claims of the various States compris
ing the Union in the matter of revenues
and was never meant to apply to a condi
tion like that which now confronts the
SsTionl COnnectlon w "h its insuiar
W'hen Mr. Richards concluded Attorney
. r J ei ?, 1 Grl S* s addressed the court. He
said his remarks were intended to be
supplemental to those submitted in the
cases involving similar questions which
have heretofore been argued. Before pro
ceeding with his argument the Attorney
Ph e « ne^L t S Ok E P *i hat he characterised as
the misapprehension concerning his po
sition on these. He said there were nu
merous erroneous statements in the brief
of the appellants in the Armstrong caee
and he quoted some of them, giving hi"4
nterpretatlon of his own remarks made
In the previous presentation of the sub
ject.
Taking up the question of taxes the
Attorney General contended that the con
f,nffi!J On it dOe ? ?°S. P rovld ,° for absolute
uniformity of duties under all circum
8 and »u th fi t lhe uniformity clause
of the constitution refers to the State*
and not to the Territories. 8
The power to govern territory. Mr
Cxrlggs said, is expressly conferred bv
the constitution. This power was given
without limitation and there was no res
ervation of power in the people of the
ot T the Sut's gh thCre l9 ln he pc °P'e
Then he drew the Inference that the
power to govern territory, which is ab
solutely conferred upon Congress, includes
th 3 1 power to tax except by indirect
methods. This right was absolute, but
l * d^ B H at \ c ' -, a^ d J" ir - GrI **s contended
that it included the constitutional right
to levy duties on merchandise imported
Into the United States from its insulai
possessions, and that such a proceeding
does not violate the uniformity clause
"The law». the administration and t'h«
revenue of the territories are subject to
the absolute control of Congress " Mr
Grigrgs declared. "Congress may repeal
the whole form of government existing in
a territory; may destroy the Legislature
vacate all the offices and take over all
the public funds and absorb them into
the common treasury; it may appropriate
out of the Federal treasury all the money
necessary to carry on a territorial gov
ernment, omitting all local taxation "
•Referring to the acquisition of Porto
Rico and the Philippines, Mr. GriKgs said:
"The Islands are territory belonging to
the United States, not a part of the
United States. The islands were the
things acquired by the treaty; the United
States was the party that acquired them
and to whom they belong. The owner
and the thing owned are not the same "
Mr. Griggs said that many instances ol
legislation show that Congress has al
ways considered something more than the
term "United States" to be necessary
when it desicned a statute to extend to
territory. Ho cited authority to show that
internal revenue laws have not been uni
versal In application in the history of the
country, and concluded that "while Con
gress has provided throughout the United
States and Territories for the enumera
tion upon which ' direct taxes have - been
apportioned, it never seems to have" been
supposed that such taxes must be levied
beyond the States or apportioned to the
Territories unless Congress saw fit bo to
provide." ; • .
Referring to the President's right to ex
ercise the legislative », function, he said:
"When, as commander in chief, he exer
cises government over conquered terri
tory, he has by the undoubted law of na
tions the right not only to govern but to
make laws • for the territory so ordered
The legislative functions thus exercised
are merely Incidents under the public law
of belligerent right, vested by the consti
tution in the President as commander in
chief of the army and navy."
Says His Views on Arm
strong Case Were Not
Fully Understood.
ATTORNEY GENERAL
IN EXPLANATION
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— In th© Senate
to-day Teller of Colorado presented a
memorial from 2006 Filipinos and "peace
able inhabitants" of Manila. The memorial
was In the form iff an appeal to Congress,
and as Teller stated "was signed person
ally by the leading people of Manila and
that section, lawyers, bankers and pro
fessional men. representing the best ele
ments of that community."
It reviewed the circumstances leading
up to the present struggle of the Filipi
nos for Independence. It paid a high trib
ute to the work of Aeruinaldo and
his coadjutors in their endeavor to ob
tain liberty and independence for the peo
ple of the Philippines. Reference
was made to some of the principal
events of the present revolution against
American authority, the petition urging
that the American troops had failed to
make serious impression upon the revolu
tionary party. It pointed out that Aguin
aldo had declared he might lose the hope
of victory, but he would not lose the lib
erty and independence of his people. It
points out that the re\'olutlon has the
support of practically all the people of
the Philippines, and declares that though
100 revolutionists be destroyed, 1000 will
rise up to support the fight for Independ
ence. All of the islands in the archipel
ago, eays the memorial, s.re supporting:
the revolution, and they will not yield
until the last of the Filipino blood has
been shed.
The Filipino nation, the memorial con
tinues, bearing in mind the history of
America and its humanitarian doctrines,
asks the Government of the United States
to cease Its "persecution of men strug
gling to be free — struggling against great
er odds and greater wrong than those
which inspired the fathers of the repub
lic." This they ask "in the name of
Washington, of . Jefferson, of Lincoln, in
the name of justice and in the name of
the Eternal." .
The appeal declares that an autonomy
similar to that enjoyed by Canada or
Australia would not be practicable- for the
Filipinos, who desire full liberty and in
dependence, and they urge the Govern
ment of the United States to give them
liberty and independence.
Teller presertted an order for the print
ing of the Filipino petition as a Senate
document.
"I protect against the paper being print
ed as a -Senate document, said Hawley.
"It is an attack upon the United States,
Its authority and its troops, and a pas
sionate appeal to the Filipinos to continue
to kill our men. If Jefferson Davis had
brought forward a similar paper after the
battle of Gettysburg and requested to
have It read and printed as a Senate docu
ment it would have been a mild crime In
comparison with this."
On account of the objection of Hawley
the order went over until to-morrow.
Presents Petitions Asking
for Liberty for the
Filipinos.
TELLER APPEALS
FOR INSURGENTS
Secretary Wilson Belore the
Ssnate Committee on
Agriculture.
"vTAFHTNGTON. Jan. 10.— Secretary Wil
fon made an argument before the Senate
Committee on Agriculture to-day In sup
port of the Grout oleomargarine bilL He
paid the mf-apurc was intended to protect
the farmer and the public at large. Mr.
Wilson said that the amount of butter
disposed of annually is about eighteen
rour.ds per capita and of oleomargarine
Fcrr.ething over one pound, and he said in
response to Sprinper that he considered
this dangerous competition. He was of
the opinion that thrre was danger in the
Iniitatic n of butter and in the use of col
crir.p- matter, and thought that in time
the u!>e of improved methods would re-
Balt in driving renovated butter out of
?•xiFtence. The Secretary said he did not
accept the opinion that the regulation of
the oleomargarine business would Injure
the beef cattle business, and said that
farmers would f.nd it profitable to keep
and fatten their own beeves. Inciden
tally, he expressed the opinion that farm
c-rs cf the South would pet far more in
the way of returns t>y raising cattle and
the crops necessary to that end than they
would out of the sale of a few thousand
barrels of cottonseed oil to the oleomar
fra.rine maJterp. He «atd that more than
ralf the substance used in Washington for
butter If oleomargarine and that he had
butter for his own table Ehipped direct
from a creamery m Iowa.
SPEAKS AGAINST
OLEOMARGARINE
THE LATE JOHN RICHARD FARRIS, PROMINENT PIONEER STEAM
BOAT MAN. WHO DIED IN ALAMEDA YESTERDAY. HE MADE
MONEY RUNNING A STEAMER TO RED BLUFF.
spent. All of the furnishings of this room
have been transferred to the lower floor
of Hearst Hall and this will be the head
quarters of the "co-edb." This will be
knqwn as "Ladies' Room" and will be
supplied with comfortable furniture, liter
ature and facilities for luncheons and the
making of hot dishes and tea and coffee.
The gymanslum on the Becond floor
could be put into readiness for use Mon
day, but as the baths will not be complet
ed for about two months it will not be
occupied until that time. Mrs. Genevra
E. Magee, assistant In physical culture,
will have charge of the gymnasium work
and will look after the bodily welfare of
the women students. Her work of direct-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Jan. 10.
The appointees of the new Board of Su
pervisors took their respective positions
to-day. In the Hall of Records Colonel
E. B. Bullock, CountyExpert, yielded his
office adjoining the Supervisors' room to
his successor, John M. Sabln. Bert Swan
laid down his pen as a copyist in the
County Clerk's office to take up the gar
dening implements laid down by James
T. Carey, and the familiar figure of Eu
gene Lynch, Janitor in the hall, was re
placed by that of the new Incumbent. H.
T. Hempstead.
Mr. Sabln very quietly assumed the du
ties of his position. He occupied the day
irt familiarizing himself with the routine
of the office and with the^ system inaug
urated by Colonel Bullock for the filing
of papers and keeping the accounts of the
office.
"I find' everything In the best of order
in the office," said Mr. Sabln. "The sys
tem and general arrangements are in the
finest kind of condition. I could expect
nothing better In the handling of the in
tricate accounts than the methods of my
predecessor."
Mr. Sabln was for many years cashier
and general accountant at San Francisco
of the Northwestern Life Insurance Com
pany when Supervisor H. D. Rowe was
manager of the San Francisco depart
ment.
. Eugene Lynch, who retired after many
years of service In the Hall of Records,
has been consoled temporarily with an ap
pointment at the State Capitol during the
legislative session. His successor is a
Republican County Committeeman from
the Forty-eighth Assembly District, as is
also James Glover, who succeeds Swan
in the County Clerk's office.
Dr. R. B. Williams t6ok charge of
the night work at the Receiving Hospital.
Dr. C. L. Truesdale was installed as
physician at, th* County Jail.
A. S. MeDougall. who succeeded W. S.
Dunleavy as Game Warden, is a cyclery
proprietor of Pleasanton. H. W.- Martin,
who was appointed to the newly created
position of storekeeper and bookkeeper at
the County Infirmary, has recently been
a deputy in City Treasurer Z. T. Gilpin's
office and was also a deputy undef County
Assessor Dalton. All of the other minor
appointees of .the new hoard took their
positions to-day. '
Deposed Eugene Lynch Gets
a Consolation Prize at .
Sacramento.
• f^?v ERKELET, Jan. 10.— Hearst Hall
LJ^ will become the center of "co-ed"
|\\ life* at the State University this
iJLe^year. The building is now In Us
permanent location and when the
university opens it will become the head
quarters for jail the female students with
out regard to fraternities or other organ
izations. The entire building will be given
over to them.
Not only will the gymnasium be a fea
ture but the lower floor will be devoted to
sitting and social rooms. There has been
a room in East Hall for the women stu
dents where leisure and lunch hours were
NEW APPOINTEES
TAKE POSITIONS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Jan. 10.
Jesse W. Noble, one of the oldest em
ployes of the Southern Pacific Company,
was struck by a switch engine at 7 o'clock
this morning at the West Oakland rail
road yards and instantly killed. Mr. No
ble was going to work at the Peralta
street section and steppe/3 out from be
hind a freight train onto a track upon
which a switch engine was moving. He
seemed to become confused, and before
the aged man could get out of harm's
way tha locomotive had struck him.
The accident occurred near the car re
pair shop.. No sooner had Noble been
struck than the engine was stopped. As
sistance was auickly at hand, but It was
seen at once that the accident had been
fatal. The Coroner took charge of the
case, removing the body to the Morgue.
The deceased railroad man had been one
or the first employes of the company. He
was in former Superintendent W. B. Lud
low's car repair department for many
years. Recently he had been a caboose
inspector, having been given the work be
cause of Infirmities caused from injuries
he sustained in an accident a year and a
hurt.**"' W hlS Splne seriously
i^m5 JK. rallr °ad men'at West Oak-
S I,!' £° b '?T Wa9 known one of the
old guard." He was a native of Kansas
?i™U th" C i ? rear ? of o-?* e - He cam »
?m<? eitt & la!ns *? 1357 and settled in
n-w /*t 5 eceas .ed *as a member of
Oakland Lodje No, lsS of Masons and
was also affiliated with the Knights of
Honor. His wife, Mrs. T. E. Noble re-
s i tdIn f . at J 059 Sl^ty-second street; a
daughter Mrs S, P. Tate. and a son*
George A. Noble, survive him.
Jess* W. Noble Is Fatally
Crushed at the West
Oakland Yards.
Ing the classes will be supplemented by
lectures by. Professor Walter E. Masee
head of the physical culture department
of the university. Dr. Mary B. Ritter.
medical examiner of women, will act a<*
adviser regarding the young ladies'
health. She will also conduct a course in
hygiene of women.
With this corps of Instructors looking
after the physical welfare of the women
the desirable end of hardening the "co
eds' " muscles will be r< ached. Hereafter
gymnasium work for them will be compul
sory. Although a treat many of the
youns ladies have taken and have re
ceived credit in physical culture, a ma
jority of them have an aversion for clubs
and dumbbells.
KILLED WHILE ON
HIS WAY TO WORK
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. j 10.
The testimony of G. A. Roberts, the
city's second witness in the ; water rate
suit, showing the size of the flow of water
from the Roberts wells under* pressure,
remained practically unshaken through
out three hours of the severest " cross
examination to-day by the water com
pany's attorneys.
Roberts brought with him the engineers'
tables which he used In computing the
flow of the wells, and which were called
into question by Attorney McCutchen
yesterday. The authenticity of the tables
was apparent as soon as they were sub
mitted in evidence and the opposition ' di
rected Its efforts toward attacking, the
manner in which Roberts had used them.
The method of his computations was can
vassed minutely and repeatedly. The
contents of a cubic foot, the number of.
the laces of a cube, the cubic inches in a
gallon and the gallons in a cubic foot were
a few of the subjects of the volleys of
questions by which it was attempted to
confuse the" witness and Involve him In
contradictions. Paradoxical problems in
hydrostatics were propounded, which
were a little beyond the witness' depth,
but on these points he was careful not to
commit himself otherwise than to say that
he had relied on the tables... . .
"Now see here," said McCutchen,
"what right have you to assume that the
volume of water flowing through a weir
fifteen Inches wide is fifteen times that
flowing through a weir one Inch wide?
Don't you know that the momentum of a
body of water of the one size Is greater
than that of the other?"
"How long, how long?" groaned Judge
Hayne. But It appeared that the cross
examination was finally at an end. Then
Hayne arose and with bewildering grav
ity began a burlesque of his opppnent's
methods of cross-questioning.
"Now, Mr. Roberts." he said, "you have
testified under oath about some blue mud.
How do you know that it was blue?
Wasn't it", as a matter of fact, red mud?
"What is blue?"
"Why — blue," the witness stammered,
"blue is— just blue." .
"Ah! It seems you don't know. Now
see here, what is two times two?" ,
"Four."
"Four? Mightn't it be five? How do
know that the arithmetics haven't lied to
you?"
By this time court and spectators were
grinning broadly, but the mock examina
tion continued for ten minutes, after
which the witness was excused.
Roberts' testimony established the fact
that the wells had been pumped at the
rate of from 350,000 to 625,000 gallons each
per day for from three to eight days at a
time with no diminution in their flow.
The evidence thus put on record will be
supported by expert testimony.
The next witness for the city was Pro
fessor A. C. Lawson, head of the depart
ment of geology and mineralogy in the
University of California.
Professor Lawson was asked to state his
opinion, as an expert, on the bodies of
water underlying the region about San
Lorenzo.
The water company's attorneys, undis
mayed, at once attacked the learned gen
tleman's competency to testify. Moore
discoursed of strata and formations and
wanted to know why the professor didn't
show any evidences of having peered be
neath the surface of the ground and found
some of the gold presumably concealed
there.
"Does the court for a moment suppose
that human eyes, however skilled, can be
come microscopic and penetrate to the
bowels. of the earth?" he demanded.
The court apparently did not suppose
that that had any direct bearing on the
case and ruled that the witness was quali
fied to testify as an expert on water
bearing areas.
The professor will give his testimony at
to-morrow's hearing.
Witness Against .Water Company
Subjected to Minute Queries
in Effort to Break Down
His Statements.
Roberts/Testimony of Am
ple Flow Unshaken by
Cross-Questions.
ALAMFTDA. Jan. 10.— John Richard
Farrls. the first and oldest river
boat captain on the Pacific Coast,
died to-day at his homo at 790
Railroad nvenuf. Three years
apo Captain Farrls pave up his last com
mand on account of I'.lness and ha? since
r=«»en an Invalid, his a'lment being- Brig-hfs
tf'seas*. r>urlr.p Itte !a.«t few days he has
declined rapidly aiul death ended his suf
ferings this afternoon.
From the time h» w-as fifteen. years oM
Captain Farris was connected in various
ways with river trnffic. In the thirties
he and his father rma "keel" boats down
the Mississippi and Ohio rivers. When
steamer* first made their appearance on
those wnterwnys he became attached to
them. Before he wa5 twrnty-one he was
the master of one of the largest boats
running on The Mississippi River.
In ICG the pold excitement attracted
Captain Farris to California. He came to
F.in Fr.tr.rlsro by way of the isthmus of
Panama. enduring great hardships and
d.ineers during the journey. His brother
accompanied him and after their arrival
they built a steamer. It was the first
boat to run up the Sacramento River.
having pone as far a? the present site of
Red Bluff on the initial trip. Captain
Karris and associate? amassed a fortune
Through this enterprise. ,makir.g some-
Time? p.? rnuch as J1000 a day in the trans
portation of freight.
After Captain Farris had lost. In com
mon with other? in those Fpoc.^ntive days,
a considerable part cf his fortune, he en
tered Into the emplr.y of the California
Steam Navigation Company, commanding 1
its river boats until later it was absorbed
by the Central Pa<-!n> Railroad Com
pany. At various times he ¦was captal"
¦of the ferry steamers AlAireda and Ama
<5or and the river Ftrnmers Modoc. Juhi
and Apache. The J'SAa. afterward blew
ur» while plying between Va'.!ejr> and San
Franci*co. though Captain Farris was
temporarily absent from duty. When the
Apache was built he was made master
of her. havirc ?irld that post for four
teen year? until f'-i!= retirement three years
Ego from the service.
Captair, Farris was a native of Rich
mond. Vm... and ap;il about 73 years. He
leaves a wife and three children. The
f'.mrral will he h*-l.l Sunday at 1:30 o'clock
from :':." late residence.
laptam Farris, Who for Many Years Navigated
State's Interior Waters, Passes Away.
OLDEST RIVER BOAT MASTER
ON PACIFIC COAST IS DEAD
CITY'S WELLS ARE
NOT DISCREDITED
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 1 1, 1901 .
Given Over to University Co-Eds.
Entire Building, Including a Gymnasium, to' Be
... ¦'*¦¦'.¦¦'' - ' • £•
ALL FEMALE STUDENTS WILL
FRATERNIZE IN HEARST HALL
GYMNASIUM IN HEARST HALL TO BE USED BY THE FEMALE STUDENTS. IT WILL BE OPENED WHEN
THE BATHS ARE FINISHED IN ABOUT TWO MONTHS, AND ATHLETIC WORK WILL BE COMPULSORY/
FROM THAT TIME. %
Sneak Thief Makes a Rich Haul.
Dr. J. Herbert Reeve 'Is. the latest vic
tim ol sneak thieves. Tuesday, afternoon
the doctor's office and residence at 26'^
Kearny street was entered during his ab
sence and a valise containing: bank notes
and mining documents valued at $800 and
his medical diploma stolen. .' The police
were notified and recovered the valise in
S. Dorman's pawn, ship on ; Third street.
Dorman grave a good' description of th©
thief and the police'aro now looking, for
him. ;-•.;¦; ¦-:¦-'¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ •H-.-Ki
Killed ; by , Falling. Chimney.
Frederick^ Mondfrouih. -, a' carpenter re
siding at 70 Shipley-: street, was instantly
killed yesterday ' morning, by the fall' of
a. chimney which he was, engaged In tear
ing: down. Mondf roum was employed - by
M. Connolly,- a contractor," with 'several
others to tear down the building at 240
Minna street. 1 ? ,< The ; top j story; had been
razed and the workmen were engaged in
leveling the first while/the chlmn*y-was
still - standing- .While 'Mondf roum ws a
directly , under it the supports : gave ; wav
and the 5 mass of brick fell upon the' un
fortunate .carpenter., crushing his skull
and -killing him ; Instantly. ¦ - Mondfroum
, was unmarried, a native of Germany and
40 years oId.>;.^.-"~-v^.:^/- : \v-.\' ' ¦¦.:'-.;,.¦¦
REALTY OF MACDONOUGH "
ESTATE CHANGES OWNERS
tion, for Lot and Improvements
on Fourth Street.
Sixty Thousand Dollars Is Considera-
The llacdonough estate property on the
northwest corner of Fourth and Howard
streets was sold yesterday by Baldwin
& Howell to O. D. Baldwin for J80.001
The dimensions of the lot are 48:6 feet on
Fourth street by S5 feet on . Howard
str«H»t. .
The Improvements consist of a- three-
Ktory and basement frame -building oc
cupied by stores and lodging-houses,
covering the lot. The property was
bought by Joseph Macdonougli and was
owned by him several years.
9
NAILED THE CHAP.
Her Father in the Same Mind.
"I never thought for cne moment that
coffee was the cause of my worn out feel-
Ing and dull headaches and energy all
pone, until I began to notice that my bad
feelings came on every morning after
drinking coffee for breakfast, no matter
how well I felt when I got up. >.S'
"I began to think the subject over and
finaly decided to try Postum Food Coffee
ln place of common coffee and see if it
was coffee that had been hurting me. Af-
ter making the change I discovered, to
my delight, that the headache and worn
out feeling did not come on after break-
fast
"After a very thorough trial I am fully
convinced that coffe* -was the cause of
my trouble, and that leaving It off and
tiEing Po.=tum Food Coffee has restored
xn*> to health.
"My father, who has had very poor
health for pevcral years, quit coffee some
time ago and began using Postum In place
of it- It would surprise anyone to see
how rnuch he has improved.
"When I boll Postum twenty minutes
and ecrve it Immediately while it Is hot,
with pood rich cream. I think it far ex-
cel* any coffee.
"Please do not print my name."
This lady lives ln Prairie City. Iowa.
Her name can be given by the Postum
C*reaJ Co.. T** , ot Battle Creek. Mich.
POSTUM CEEEAL.THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, JANUARY II, 1901.
10
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes : engagement
caring . for ¦ lady or gentleman invalid ; ' rates
reasonable, r Box 1096. Call offlce. ¦
SITUATION j. wanted by a competent woman
; aa child's nurse. Address' Nurse,- 1223 Bush
st... city;, -rear house, v
RELIABLE woman desires position as Janitress
or working housekeeper; good references. V.
Q.. 4' Vernon place, off Folsom st. ,
A YOUNG woman- lately from the East wants
a position as housekeeper; only those meaning
business need answer. Box 1005, Call offlce.
REFINED young woman as nurse to children;
will assist chamberwork; experienced: New
York families; country prefd. Box 1069. Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night, $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and < respectable; free 'bus
_and baggage to and from ferry. ¦
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— 31 ALE.
COOK wants employment in hotel, restaurant
or family; steady, willing man. Address
Cook, 3 Chatham place, off Bush, nr. Stockton.
WANTED— By. man 45 years old. employment
as watchman or night clerk; reference and
bonds given. Address box 1061. Call offlce.
WANTED— A gentleman of address and busi-
ness experience desires occupation; ''amount
of salary not Important. Box 1090, Call offlce.
GENERAL painter, grainer and paperhanger
wishes a situation. Address box 1091, CalL
BAKER .(bread and cakra) wants position. 313
Leavenworth st.
A STEADY reliable young man wants Job run-
; ning ripsaw or -planer; some experience on
sticker; 9 years in lumber business, 3 in mill;
stranger In city, so will expect small wages
to start: no objection to country job. Box
10S0, Call office. • ¦
RELIABLE middle-aged man wishes position:
is a horsa doctor; understands gardening,
carpenter work, painting, etc.; can do any
kind of work around private residence. Ad-
dress ISAAC BLOOM, 4S East Ft.
' WANTED— A -thoroughly experienced station-
i ary engineer, mining or lumber mill, wants
situation: 10 years' experience in shop as
lathe hand and bench; 14 years as engineer.
Address L. H., 384 Fourth st., San Francisco.
i SALESMAN wants positlqn in country store;
I best of city references; has been 15 years In
the last two situations. Address box 954,
Call offlce.
ElIPIiOYMENT wanted by young mail ex-
perienced in hardware, stoves, tinware,
agateware, china and crockery ware; city or
country. R. WOLF. 546 Folsom st.
YOUNG man wishes position In retail mercan-
¦ tile hou?e; dry grocery preferred; references
given: onlv those meaning business reply.
Box 1089. Call offlce.
CUTTER, flrst-class, Ju»t arrived from the
East, wants position with a tailoring firm in
city or healthy town In Cal. Box 9SI, Call.
DRUMMER, with city and country experience,
wants engagement; reference from last em-
ployer; country preferred. Box 107S, Call.
PAINTER, paperbanger and whltener would
like to work for estate, hotel or Institution;
has his own tools. Box 1071, Call offlce.
WANTED — By a young man, a position of any
kind; country preferred. Box lCfiO, Call offlce.
COOK, thoroughly competent, Armenian young
man, wishes employment in private family as
all-round cook; steady, temperate and refer-
ences. Box 1065, Call.
1 GOOD middle-aaed hotel waiter desires steady
position. Address H. K1EHL. New Atlantic
Hotel. 207 Montgomery ave. 1
GENTLEMAN of address and business ability,
good accountant, will accept any opening
where advancement will follow. Box 1054. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS shoemaket would like to get
a steady position; is thoroughly sober man;
city or country. Box 1CC7, Call offlce.
A PRACTICAL, up-to-date machinist and tool-
maker desires to take charge of manufactur-
ing plant. Box 389. Call offlce.
FEATHER PILLOWS,-
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHKR FACTORY. 244 Stevenson st.
FLATS TO LET.
TO let — New flats on Buchanan st., between
McAllister and Golden Gate ave.; 5 and 6
rooms and bath: all the latest improvements.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO let— LOWER flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.-.
14 Monts-omery st.
MODERN flat; 8 rooms, bath; good order. 1123
Howard St., near Seventh.
NEW flat, 4 large sunny rooms; water free. 22
Suraner St.. off Howard, near Eighth.
$10— COTTAGE of 3 sunny rooms. 131 Rose
ave., 1>4 blocks to Market St., Gough and Oc-
tavia.
$7— FLAT of 3 rooms. 244 Harriet St., between I
Sixth and Seventh, Harrison' and Bryant. !
|7— 4-ROOM flats on. Victor st., oft Bryant, bet.
7th and 8th. Inquire at grocery. SMI Bryant.
IF* you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN* HO WELL. 10 Montgomery.
FLATS WANTED.
"WANTED— Small, neat, completely furnished
flat; centrally located; about $30 per month.
Uox 1979. Call offlce.
WANTED-^NIcely furnished flat about 7 rooms,
with piano, within Powell, Market, Flllrnore
end Butter. Box 10S6. Call offlce. '
FURNITURE FOR SALE. i
FURNITURE forsaJe — Flat to let: 6 rooms, !
bath,. yard. 3570 Seventeenth st?, near Guor-
rero; apply, 9 to 11 a. m.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak $48 40, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market. !
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 13C5 Larkln; tel. Polk 694; :
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
FURNITURE WASTED.
TO receive highest value for fur., carpets, etc.,
eee W. E. CODY, 757 Mission; tel. Red 2363.
CHAS. LEVY buys ' your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 MONTGOMERY,
ROOM 11.
Chambermaid, country, $20, free fare; S
laundresses, city hotel, new place; waitresses,
city. $20.
SECOND girl, $25; laundress, $25; house girl,
130; cook, $30: waitress, {25; house girl, San
Rafael. $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
NEAT and clean girl or middle-aged woman
for general housework and assist In cooking;
small family. 2149 Stuart Bt., Berkeley. Call
at residence or offlce, Emma Spreckels build-
ing, S27 Market Bt., room 216, S. F. P. F. C.
BIEHL. M. D. .
ELDERLY lady to assist in housework; more
of a home than wages. Address 19J3 Delaware
St., Berkeley.
A FEW experienced operators, and also glrla
.for instruction at-- the ! Stnndard Shirt Fac-
tory, cor. Gough and Gro -tn.
A LADY for tight housework, «d <• and
fair pay for right party; call afte. n. m.
116 .Taylor st. ¦
WANTED — Competent girl for general "house-
work; small family; wages $20 per month.
Call 251j Broadway. 10 to 4.
WANTED — Good Gennan girl for housework;
good wages. .933 Halght St., between Devlsa-
dero and Broderick. . " ' . .
FIRST-CLASS second trimmers, makers and
salesladies for millinery; year round. - 13y
Sixth st. .
EXPERIENCED mlHlnfTy«*rimmers; must be
Al; pay good wages; long season. Box 1094,
Call office. .
YOUNG girl td • assist In light housework;
wages $8 per month.- 2535 Sutter, upstairs.
1'OUNG lady with knowledge of bookkeeping
and typewriting; $15 a month. Box 1062, Call.
GIRL - for general housework; . reference re-
quired. 805 Van Ness ave.
GIRL for general housework and. cooking; $20
to $25. Call at 1231 Guerrero st.
WANTED — Conservative, well-read woman who
can assume responsibilities. . Box j 1092, ; Call.
ETRONG joung * girl for general housework;
must be , neat; $12. 2102 Golden Gate ave. ¦
STRONG girl to do housework; call between 2
and 4. , 320 • Broadway. > "- ¦: . .
GIRL's wanted - for, £M>eral ' housework. ;888
»t. -
A GOOD finisher on " custom I coats. 313 Grant
avenue. ; . „¦ ' *.. • , :
ELDERLY German Catholic woman, .house-
> work; no washing; must room. eUse where; $18.
782 Fulton st. • ' :¦-' :.-¦'¦¦ ;
OPERATORS on. shirts and - overalls; Inex-
perienced Instructed. HEYNEMANN & CO.,
410 Mission st. , '-".;.;,-¦ •';.--¦¦':-
WANTED— Flrst-class milliners: splendid city
position ; good salary, j J Box - 1082. Call office* ¦
GIRL for housework ' from ; 10 to ¦ 4 :30 ; $8 : ' car-
fare one way. .1611 Baker, st. ¦ .
WA NTED— Flrst-class - apprentice on custom
-coats. 222 ¦ Kearny '¦ st. ----- .- '. . : ¦-
APPRENTICE " girls '¦ on " custom • coats; paid
'¦¦¦¦. while learning. r;l26 \ Rum ' tt;lyY ; /x } :'¦'':. . '-. v:*' ~
FIRST-CLASS I finisher on custom j coats ; good
wacas. Box • 107 V Call «fflc«. ./; •
' LOST AND ~- FOUND. ..
LOST— Small, open face gold watch; liberal re-
ward. ¦ 109 Erie St.. S. F.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
; bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
WANTED — Old gold for manufacturing. O.
NOLTE. Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell St. .
MEDICAL.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL, moved to 101S Market,
opp. 5th; world-renowned ladies' specialist;
safe, reliable: practiced In San Francisco for
years; treated thousands of cases successfully;
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. After all others fall call on him.
THE Great Mountain Warrior; wonderful cure
for rheumatism and all rheumatic pains; cure
guaranteed; apply externally. Price $1 per
bottle.. prepaid, by E. M. DAVIS. 1415% Baker
et.. San FranciBCO, Cal. -
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 MarKet st, cor. Sixth-
Safe and reliable, ladles' physician; treatment
$3; positive cure guaranteed: when others fail
consult-free. MRS. DR. KOHL. -
DR8. GOODWIN, 10C7*i Market, expert on dis-
eases of women; 15 years' practice In S. F., a
cure guaranteed; ?5 at offlce; have cured thou-
sands of caaea; unexcelled success; see free.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 23 yrs.'
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
offlce. *5; any ailment; home for patients: con-
sult free. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market— Ladles'
specialists; 32 years' practice; positive cure
guaranteed; ladles can return same
day; HINDOO HERB home cure: stamps, clr.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market— Ladles' spe-
cialist; cafe and sure cure, $3; best care; low
fees; when all otherB fall consult free.'
DR. POPPER, specialist for 37 years for female
troubles. 323 Kearny st.; call and see me.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' specialist; home
for patients. 504 Eddy st.
DR. >y.G TOY KEE cures disease by herbs;
¦ advice free. 701 Sacramento st.. near Kearny.
MI.MNCi AXD ASSAYING.
FOR sale — One-half or whole of good mine in
Sierra Co.; large ledge. Apply owner, WM.
RECKNAGEL. 243H Clara St. •
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS; engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTO3H & WOLPMAN, 133-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second-hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth: write for catalogue.
BUY a brand new typewriter for $5 down and
$5 per month: write for catalogue and price.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 403 California
st. ; rentals, new machines, $3 per month.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys,
etc. 'WHITELAW, 216 Spear st. •
A BEAUTIFUL California gold quartz chain
for $40; was originally made to order for $75.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FIRST-CLASS coffee mill (Enterprise make).
In good condition. 1901 Devisadero st.
FOR sale — 100 lbs. around Java coffee cheap.
Box 2071. Call. Oajtland.
A 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam.
Apply 216 California st.
2D-HAND steam, gas. oil, water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White, 516 Mission.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers, lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH Mfg. Co.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market, St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WASTS.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought &.
scld. Sllverman, 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 119L
WANTED— Upright piano for cash. W. L~
WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market St.
1,OAV.
AA— BEST rates and easiest terms.
Second Mortgages
V Interest In Estates
Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Financial problems of all sorts and sizes
solved by HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship: do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, ?<-G Market st.
ANY amount at 6 cer cent; 1st, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. «.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estate* In probate. Interest
in estates, lericles; corporation loans, chattel
- mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSE.V.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewerly at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S48 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
ON furniture, pianos, no removal, or any other
security; quick: lowest rate; easy 'terms: no
brokerage: private, reliable parties. 1170 Mar-
ket St., room. 68. . '>•;--<
A— $500,000 ON city and country real estate and
estates; chattel mortgages; notes and collat-
erals. J. BROWNSTONE. 11 Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelrj*. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount, lowest rates, on furniture, etc.;
no removal, no commission; strictly confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
LADY will loan money to ladles. Address box
10S5, Call offlce. •
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
¦ HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 4S1 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Cq.. 222 Sansome. rm. 1
CASH loaned oh salaries: New York plan.
THE'TOUSLEY CO.. 3211 Parrott bldg.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up; no removal:
9 no commission; private. Room SI. 8 Eddy it.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country: 6%; undi-
vided lnts. ; estates. HARPER, 397 Parrott big.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott build-
ing; men can secure loans on personal notes.
MONEY to loon on furniture by private party;
low rate. 917 Market St.. room 1. . ¦
CASH leaned to salaried people on note without
' indorser. MORRELL.609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or ln-
drrser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan, big.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS"
ANY person having use for a piano can b-j ac-
commedated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
¦ easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the be»t
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from : date of purchase.
Beautiful now uprights sold tor $6 cash and
$6 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CI^AY & CO.. Stelnway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth- St., Oak-
land.
AN opportunity of a lifetime: will Bell off the
following pianos. commencing Monday:
Guild, $37 50; Novella (upright). $S7: Weber,
$125; S Stelnways, SIX, $1S5. $290: 2 Heines,
$290, $470; I Chickerings, $175, $2SS; l.Hallet tc
Davis, $498; 30 new pianos -at $152. HEINE
PIANO CO., 217 Gaary st., agents for Hallet
& Davis, oldest and most famous pianos In
existence; rents and easy payments.
PIANOS at $100. $125 and fiZO are not to b©
compared • with the bargains that we offer
you. Call on the ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 763, Market gt.
PECKER :&' SON are the old reliable makers
of flrst-class pianos. New styles and low
prices at MAUVAIS', 769 Market St.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLKR & CHASE'S. 28,
28 and SO O" Farrell st- ; pianos, organ* and
all other - musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
i customer. '.
A GREAT bargain sale of second-hand uprights
; and squares taken in exchange for new pianos
durinp our! great special sale, $60 up. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell St., Chickerlng
agfney.. : . . . ¦ ' • - .
PARTY going to New York; must sacrifice flne
3-pe»lal • upright piano. 32 > Golden Gate ave.
MUST sell our upright piano; almost new;
make offer. 815 Laguna st
BEAUTIFUL Chlckerlng upright: cost . $475,
now $275. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Qeary st.
A CLEANING out sale of pianos In storage;
dirt cheap." Wilson's Storage. 1710 Market st.
BYRON MAUZY, agency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy. ¦ Gabler and Spellman pianos. 308 Post.
SPECIAL sale— Immense • reductions; sec our
leader, only $150. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
THREE-PEDAL upright: nearly new; bargain;
y owntr, lea vlns city. . 2233 Minion st. J
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and Business Medium,
Is permanently located at 17 Third St., next
Examiner building. * She reads your life cor-
rectly, gives an accurate description of the
past, reveals the present nappenlngs and por-
trays events to occur in the future. If you
are In trouble, discontented, unhappy or not
satisfied In life, or have domestic, love or busi-
ness troubles, consult this great medium and
you will be told how to overcome them.
Valuable advice In all affairs of life.
Fun life reading by mall; write for informa-
tlon; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Et.. corner of Golden Gate ave,, rooms 25
and 28; /take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
THE QUAKER medium, clairvoyant and palm-
ist; 15 years' experience: her knowledge of tha
unseen forces Is Invaluable to professional and
business men. to wives and lovers; follow her
advice and you will make no mistake. 1104
Market St.. corner Mason, room 28.
A— Mrs. Dr. 8aylor, Queen-of clairvoyants and
palmists ; Important advice on mining specula-
tion, business, law; evil influence removed;
fee FOc, mall $1. 1511H Market, opp. Van Ness.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 60c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit., $1 SO. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, op.
'6th; private readings dally, 10 a, m. to 5 p. m.
MME. LAROSE, clairvoyant, card reader; best
advice. 2Gc up. 478 Slevenson, St., cor. Sixth.
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy, is the great palm-
1st and card reader;. 25c. 7 Seventh St.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller,* has removed to 308 O'Farrell st.
I MME. HANSON, palmistry, card reader: past,
prf ent, future; 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlst, palm-
lst and card reading. 25c. 1241^ Market st.
MRS. BROWN, scientific card reader; readings
dally. 109 Fifth St., room 2. . ,
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant and
water- reader. 11 Sixth st.; German spoken.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL. clairvoyant and business
medium. 215 Kearny St., rooms 8-10..
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 44SH Jessie st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names 'given: 2T<c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BBATIXG AVD CLEANING.
"WHEN you become distrusted with poor worl;
nend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tchama st. ; tel. South 40.
' CAP.PETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st. ; tel, Mission 74.
! ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
! CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephona East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE- W. KELLY'S Age ncy-No^charge un-
Ies8 successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3833-Cottage, 3 rooms; large
yard; rent $8.
DENTISTS.
| AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIcT809~MaP-
; ket »t.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. yo_u can
; have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our. specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates* extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
I A— DISCOUNT of 20 ver cent for 30 days on all
plates, crowns and brldgework. See our new
unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl, warranted
for 20 years; crowns, $3 60; fillings. 50c; plates,
¦ $5. full set; all work painless and warranted.
! Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
j EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
I and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
! wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
! experience: no students; advice free; prices
I cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
1 DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
i DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
! — No charge for extracting when plates are
! made: old plates made over like new; teeth
j frcm $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
; THE New York Dentists have moved to 969
| Mission Bt.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges: difficult plate work solicited;
i positive painless extraction, 60c.
! A. L. SIMPSON, D.D. S., 1206 Market sL-Ex-
pert tooth extractor: trown and bridgework.
'' PARIS Dental Parlor, 135 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Palnle»«r" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1*41 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; evening class. 1019 Market st.
'ACCORDEON pleating, pinking. 118 McAllis-»
ter: branch 121 Post, over O'Connor. Moffatt.
j EOIJCATIONAL.
EVENING SCHOoTT^T^riBui^EsT^COL^
| LEGE, 1238 Market St.; Individual instruction
; in bookkeeping, shorthand. English branches;
¦ civil service coaching; tuition $5 month.
I ALL students but two taking full course this
| year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
! NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
; AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.— Day
I and evening; $8 per month; $50 life scholar-
i ship guarantees a complete business educa-
j tlon. Including the commercial and shorthand
courses; 164 positions secured for our students
• during the paat 5 months: catalogue free.
i GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott Bldg.-
j Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
i Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
i shorthand, reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
J tlcal bookkeeping, 'full course, $50; catalogue.
: HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st,
i S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
l guagel, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
! electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
i and night sessions; new 80- page catalogue free.
i A-THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
! school for the university, law and medical col-
leges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
California business college has post-
tlons guaranteed to it by written contract.
1 and can therefore with confidence guarantee
! positions to all Its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
i college graduates; bookkeeping-figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
ENGINEERING. d*ll. elec. mining,mech.,sur-
vey. assay, cyanlde.'arch. ;day. eve.; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
i MISS M. G. BARRETT, Shorthand Academy;
; lessons by mall; acknowledged by official re-
; porter^, best teacher, best system. 302 Montgy.
BOOKKEEPINO or shorthand; Pitman sys-
tem; private lessons by an experienced teach-
. er. M. W. CORNELL, 126 Kearny st., r. 53.
i FRENCH.Spanl8h.«tc.Prof.DeFlllppe'sAcadtm5
of languages 320 Post; estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
MUNSON. School Shorthand. Typing Bookkeep-
i Ing, Spanish. 137 Mont'y. E. M. -Carpenter, pr.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
I etc., day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
VISITING governess; English brandy*, piano
and bookkeeping; 50c a lesson. Box 747, Call.
TEACHERS' Agcy. A. McNlell,Mgr.,r. 31,Flood
bldg. f high school, grammar, private teachers.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION; night class. 424 Pine st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANEBE responsible houjsecleanlng co. ; est.
1870; practical recommend: try them: removed
to 419 Devlsadero; tel. Fell 188. F. HAM ADA.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO'
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 1S5.
JAPANESE and . Chinese employment office;
best help. 526 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191. -
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Offlce: Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
ORPHETIM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chl-
nete help. 428 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese '• Employment Offlce —
; Best help. 411% €/ Farrell st. ; tel. East 4J6.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE^
A RESPECTABLE woman would like a situa-
tion an a good cook in an American family;
no objections to enlldren; would do a small
washing; : will go • a short distance In ; the
country; can give good reference. 4» Shipley.
A GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do flrst-
class cooking In a Catholic family. - Call at
175 Linden ave.
GIRL would like to assist In housework Hn a
. small family; no children; wages . $15. N Call
or address 278 Church st. ' 1.----S ¦ ." \
WOMAN wants • position " caring for children ;
German families. Address box 72«. Call. '
A LADY wishes a position to do store and of-
flc« cleaning. Ad. Florist, 14 Hayea St.. city.
\
V HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ • - - ' ¦ ; * ¦
SEWING machine operators wanted at Lerl
Strauss & Co.'s overall factory, 32H Fremont
' st. Apply to MR. DAVIS. .
BUTTONHOLE makers, operators, finishers
and apprentices on coats, vests and pants.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.:
call upstairs. : ; *
EXPERIENCED operators on knitting ma-
, chines. Apply, to J. J. PF1STER KNITTING
CO.," 412 Polk St., near McAllister, San Fran-
cisco.
WANTED— German girl to take care of baby;
must understand sewing. Call.wlth reference
at 3232 Jackson st.
WANTED— Ironer who has worked in small
laundries. Standard Laundry, 114 Hayes st.
WANTED— Girl to tend office and assist In
laundry. Standard Laundry, 114 Hayea st.
"WANTED — An I experienced waitress in restau-
rant. 113 Turk st. -
EXPERIENCED bindery girl wanted. MT-
SELL. ROLLINS & CO.. 82 Clay st.
LADIES wishing to marry good men call or
write MRS. HERTZ, 706 EJUs st. ; no charges.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fill more at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ani
subscriptions has been established at WjS
Valencia st. ¦ .. '
HELP WASTED- MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. Phone Main 584S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT, 7 A.M. TO-DAY
S more orchard pniners, Placer County; man'
and wife for ranch on shares; farm hands
and plow teamsters... ....... ....$26 and found
WE PAY FARE FOR TIEMAKERS and
Ehlp to-day, 9c to 12c, tools and provisions
furnished
150 woodchoppers.....'. $1 to $3 cord
. ............HOTEL DEPARTMENT :...
Waiter. Nevada.. 140, fare paid
Young man for office, country hotel
7 waiters, different country hotels. $25 and
found; camp cook. 315; 5 cooks. $30 to $45;,
ranch cook. $20. MURRAY & READY, 634-
63G Clay st. ' : ' j
A— WANTED :
Working ranch foreman... $30 and found
4 Milkers, city....... $30
Gardener, private place, country $23
4 Woodchoppens. 4-foot work, 80c to $1 25 a
cord; toils, grub and fare advanced.
Milk wagon driver..,....- $50 and room
Fcreman for dairy Jf40 and found
German dairyman and wife $50 and found
W. D. EWER & CO.. 810 Clay st.
A — S BENCH hands; 2 cabinet makers; non-
union; no fees. \ Mechanics' Registration
Bureau, 410 Kearny St., room 9.
A MAN to" buy a route. Call at MISS CUL-
LEN'S, 325 Sutter st.
| JOJJRNEYMKN barbers' International Union—
! ¦ Fiee employment: only recognized union. 115
1 Turk; tel. Folsom 1533.' I. LESS. Secretary.
! BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
! ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; teL Jessie 152.
WANTED— Recruits for the Marine Corps, U.
S. Navy, able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the a*ges of 21 and 35; not
I less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet
I 1 inch in height: able to read, write and
| sneak English. For further Information ap-
I ply at the Marine Recruiting Offlce, 40 Ellis
j st., San FranciBCO, Cal.
| TWO active men for temporary local position
> (several weeks); salary $3 per day. Address,
Manager, P. O. box 1027. Philadelphia.
WANTED— Man to manufacture first-class
suda; references necessary: good salary. Call
Grand Hotel, room 300, between 8 and 9 a. m.
SOBER, middle-aged, practical bedmaker: $25
and room. New Adelaide House, 6H How-
ard st.
WANTED— A retail salesman familiar with
the grocery business; give references and
wages expected. Box 10fl3, Call office.
YOUNG man to drive and take care of horses.
People's Market. 2599 Market St.
; A MAN with small capital for saloon and
: lunch business. 247 Fifth St., cor. Folsom.
WANTED — A first-class coat maker, must do
busheling. MORRIS ERB. 428 Montgomery.
SHOEMAKER wanted on neat repairing. 442
Devleadero st. •
WANTED— .Young man for night clerk In
lodging house. Box 1014, Call offlce.
COOK for small boarding-house; $25 per month. I
32 Steuart st.
YOUNG man to kick press for a few days; 25.
cents per thousand. 354 Hayea st.
BARBER for Friday, Saturday and' Sunday.
S55 Illinois St., Potrero.
GET your shoes half-soled while WBitlne: 25c
to SOc. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and "<1 sts.
WANTED— 100 m«n to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House. 0X0 Howard at.
UN'DERrRKSSERS on pants. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO., 541 Market St.; call upstairs.
WANTED— By large shipping house, experi-
enced cable clerk. Address immediately box
1043. Call offlce.
WANTED— Man who understands nursery work
and Jobbing gardening. 5C3 Halght st.
MANUFACTURER wants dress goods, corset
and trimmings salesman; salary and commis-
sion. Experience and reference to box 1030,
Call office.
WANTED— A solicitor of high grade who can
present a high class proposition to selected
Individuals; no canvapslnjr; high pay for
right man. Room 5, 5 Market st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only eight
weeks required; position guaranteed: special
Inducements; catalogue free. HOLER'S
BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; Jl to *2 per week. '
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 162 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
LADY or gentleman wanted: neat appearance;
security required. Box 1009. Call.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm, 806 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
15c BARBER shop; choice location: Market St.;
flrst-class trade; bargain. Box 1020, Call.
MEN to learn barber trade. 741A Howard St.,
S. F. Barter School. -
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
oil parts cf world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuari.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; "00 rooms. 2Jc night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A . BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6
Valencia st.
HK.MOKKMOIHS.
ANY car* of Plies, Plies, Piles, Plies; oVer~2W)
permanent cures among business men of Ban
Francisco alone: men who can be Interviewed;
no sursrery. salves or ointments:, no Interfer-
ence with business during treatment. For fur-
ther particulars add. Physician, box 1350, Call.
HORSKS, MVE STOCK, Etc — -For Sale
HORSEf? AND MULES.
Last few days of sale cf German Government
horses nnd, mules; grand opportunity to get
good horses at reasonable' price; horses from
$20 up: mules from $50 up Baden horse ranch,
at end of San Mateo electric line.
40 HORSES for snle; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth Bt. ; auction sales every -Wednesday.
. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— Fresh cow. Apply A. KRETH, 1445
Thirteenth ave.. South San Francisco.
ilOtJSKS TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let: send for clr-"
culnr. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
DRY, 'warm. ' comfortable 5-room house for $8.
1C59 Kearny St.. near Greenwich.
1 V V A LID _' C H A IRS A ND T R IC YC LES.
SOLD and rented; manfr.'of the Eames tricycle
chair. RAMES Trlcyrlw.Co.. 2100 Market st.
LOST AND FOUXD.
LOST— 3 books, 1' ledger and 2 daybooks; Thos.
. Pringle on outside. Reward at Fisher Pack-
Ing . Company, • 609 Commercial st.
LOST— Large shepherd's crook, with diamond
settings. Suitable reward. will be given for
return of ; same to M.' BERNARD, Campbell
Metson & Campbell, 116 Crocker building. •
$100, RE WARD— Lost New Year's eve. a purse
containing solitaire diamond ring and small
gold. Return to 19 Market st. j
LOST— Diamond • finger * ring; old square cut
stone about, 4 K in size; ring plain' polished
gold In clamp setting; $50 reward and no
questions asked If. -lefVwith O. B. MARTIN i
'... care of .Madison & -Burke. .> |
LOST — A pass, book with the Hlbernla' Savings •
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name. of SIMON MEYER;' No. J31-577. The
finder will please return to bank. . ;
LOST — Gentleman's scarf .-'pin: turtle - with 1
; emerald studied back; -suitable reward. JRe-
; turn to. 122 Davis st..^ room 4.% .; .; ¦ i i
FOUND— A* small barge r adrift between Matin
: . Islands and San Quentln on Friday, Jan 4 ';
. by JOHN GEORGE, ¦ San . Quentln. ' j
FOUND— Fishing boat. Address COLEMAN &
OLSON, Long^wharf. Oakland.;; - ¦;-;-¦¦ -..
LOST — Seaman's 1 discharge and . four letters ~
Finder pleas* return to 623 Folsom St. . ¦ « '
BAH FRAXCISCO CALL.
BC8IXESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third •treets: open
until IS o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— KT7 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
SM> Hayes street; open until 9:80 p. m.
6W McAllister street: open until «:S0 p. m.
K5 Lerkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
l»4l Misskm street; cpen until 10 p. m.
. S2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
crt'.l 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until J p. n».
1CM Valencia street; cpen nutll 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ptreetr; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA CemmanderT No. 1, K. _
T-, t Post St.— liPt-uinr assembly THIS "BBJ*
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Ail fraters T*
courteously ln\-ited. By order of the K* •
Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
APOLLO Lodge No. 1T3. I. O. O.
F.— GRAND MASTER W. '"•^ZSSsJiS
WATSON •*-::! visit u» officially
on FRIDAY NIGHT. January 11. "
k o'clock. MEMORIAL HALL, and, brother
members, FORGET IT NOT. it is your duty
to b« present. All grand offlcers, representa-
tive members, member* of other lodges and
sojourning brothers are cordially invited to be
present and help make this a memorable
event. CHAS. E. PEKRY. N. Q.
W. F. NORCP.OSS, Rec. Sec.
STOCKHOLDERS' Meeting— The annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Union Iron
Works will be helil at the offlce of the com-
pany, I£2 Market «., San Francisco, an Tues-
day, January i2. UJOU at 11 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of electing a Board of Director*
to serve for the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of euch other business as may
come before the meeting.
J. OB. GUNN. Secretary.
Office 122 Market st.. San Francisco. CaL
January 3*'. 1S0L
TO the ctcj^kholders and member* of the C. F.
Kapp ComMcy. a corporation : Notice is
hereby given that a general meeting of the
stockholders and members of the C. F. Kapp
Company, a corporation, will be held at its
<>:f.oe and place of buFir.ess. No. 1200 Market
St., in the city and roanty of Kan Francisco.
Stste of California, on SATl'RDAY. the 26«li
cay of January, 1901, at the hour of 12
o'clock m., the object of said meeting being
the removal from office of the following
named directors of paid coporatlcn, to wit:
C. H. Koehncke. Hertha Koeli«cke. Carl W.
Mueller and Alfred Fuhrman, and tJiat at
such rr.eet'.ng It is the intention of the under-
fipned to propose the removal of, each of said
director?, and also at said meeting the repeal,
amendment and adoption of new by-laws will
be considered. CHAP. F. KAPP.
President C. F. Kapp Company.
ANNVAL MEETING— Regular annual meet-
ing of the etockholders of the Hakalau Plan-
tation Cofcpany will be held at the office of
the ctinipar.y, SI7 Market st., in the city and
county cf San Francisco, on Wednesday, the
l«th day of Jenuary, 1JC1. at the hour cf 11
o'clock a. m.. fcr the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, January S,
1S01, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders cf the Oceanic Steam-
ship Company will be held at the offlce of
the companv, S27 Market et.. San Francisco.
California, on MONDAY. January 21, 1&01, at
th« hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the pur-
pose cf electing a Board of Directors to serve
for the ensuing y^ar. and the transaction of
cuch other business as may come before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Thurs-
day, January 10, 1901, at 3 o'clock p. ra.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
OFFICE OF THE EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN
RVXE BAZAAR— To the Stockholders of Tn«
Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar, a Cor-
poration: Please take notice that the annual
meeting of the stockholders of The Empo-
rium and Golden Rule Bazaar, a corporation,
will be held at the principal office of tha
company, in the Parrott building, located on
Market St., between Fourth and Fifth. In th«
city and county of Ssn Francisco, State of
California, on THURSDAY. th« 17th day of
January. 1901. at 2 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of electing directors and for th«
transaction of euch other business as may
properly come before the meeting. By order
of the Board of Directors.
AXDRE7W M. DAVIS. Secretary.
Dated January 3, 1901.
JCOTICE ts hereby given that a special meet-
ing of the stockholders of The San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Company
¦will fee held at the principal office of the
cciaparv in the city cf San Francisco. Cal..
en SATURDAY, the nineteenth JlSth) day of
January. T?C1, at 12 o'clock noon, for the pur-
pose of approving and ratifying an agree-
ment for the sale and conveyanace to and
purchase by The Atchlscn. Topeka and Santa
Fe Railway Compary of the railroad, prop-
erty and franchises of The San Francisco and
Ban Jo&QUln Valley Railway Company, and
to transact any other • business that nny
legally nmi» before the m«»eting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
6a.n Frar.c'.seo. January 4. 1S0L
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Pajaro
Valley Consolidated Railroad Company will
be held at the olTlee cf the company, 327
Market rt., San Francisco, on MONDAY, the
twenty-first day of January. 1901. at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m.. fcr the purpose of elect-
Ing a board of director* to serve for the
•nruir.K year and U-.e transaction of such
other bu«!ness as may come before the meet-
ing. The transfer books will close on Friday.
January IS. 1KH. at 3 o'clock p. m.
TV. H. EASXAM. Secretary.
MEETINGS — rnirrriBl Brotherhood.
JLND Theosophical Society. 2Sth anniversary;
three dayr' JuWl^e; Sunday evening, 13th,
subject. "Twentieth Century Battles": Mon-
day evening. 14th, "Hypatia," Greek sympo-
sium in costume; Tuesday. 15th. mystic in-
terpretation of "Th« Tempest." tableaux;
A<-aa«-roy of Sctorices Hall, g 1 ? Market at.
AGEXTS WASTED.
SOLICITORS: ladiev or gentlemen; big oom-
misaiens. Utica Cleansing Compound Co., Zl
Spear st.
I2C0 TO $500 per month; men or women: salary
or comsilmion or both. 827 Market St.. r. 615.
POSITIVE opportunity for a first-class lady
agent. Dundee M?r. Co.. 14 Flood bldg.. 8. F.
ADOPTION.
A GOOD home open for plrl or boy baby. Add.
Mrs. Dr. Funke. 1416 Eighth et.. Alameda.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
B. W. KING. $7! Market «t.. Cth floor, room C27
— Estates, damages, attachments, bankruptcy,
collections; all cases; fair fee; no advance
charges; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1537.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G W
HOWE, atty at law, £.0 Market, cor. Stocktn.
CTTPTER. Herman J.. attoraey-at-law. 827 Mar-
ket, r. 70«: open evenings; consultation free.
FRANK W. SMITH; mining and probate law a
epeclalty. Mills big., r. 8. 4th flr. ; tel. Red 3C1S.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. PAVID8OV. 927 Market Et.. opp. Mason.
X. EDW. JARRETT, Hearst building. Third
and Market ets.; phone Red £262.
L. & CLARK, Emma Spreckels bl<3g., 927 Mar-
ket Bt. ; conroltaxlon free; no fees tn advance.
ASPUALTLM ROOFING.
3. PELTIER, asphalt rocfing. sidewalks re-
palr^d: noptaJ. I1M; Mission- tel. Polsom 1607.
IIATn CABIXETS.
ELECTRIC light bath cabinets to let and for
Bale. ir.se Point Lobes ave. ,
BUSINESS CHANCES.
J\ARTTCER wanted in a large, old-established,
profitable business, controlling a good, safe
•olid and reliable trade; owing to retirement
of former manager owner has decided to sell
an Interest to an acceptable party; duties will
b« the keeping of the accounts and assisting
generally in the management of the buslnese-
capltal required, $5000 *o JIO.OOO; full value in
eight; books and busloejia open for Investiga-
tion. Apply J. W. DON'NELLY & CO. 631
Market et.
A. CANDY bakery; notions and papers; laundry
office; bargain. COWING & CO.. 71» Market.
A— SALOON: Butchertown location; bargain;
cctne quick. OOVVIXG fc CO.. 71? Market rt.
A— RESTAfRAIfT; heart city; money maker;
bargain. COWING * CO., 71> Market st.
A— WAiCTED— A (rood tenant for grand corner
store and basement, with fixtures suitable for
rrocery business; special inducement*. Ap-
ply SPECK & CO.. «67 Market «t.
1250— RESTAURANT proposition; eeldom of-
fered; rent (20; payments. D. McRAE. 137
Mitslon tt.
JSOO— RKSTATTRANT bargain this day. Mc-
LAT;ghlIN & .CO.. TT7H Market et.
FOR eale— An old established bakery busi-
ness, baking about one barrels of flour a day;
principally store trade: can be doubled by at-
tending to It. Apply to I1ARTTEB &
HATES. 21t Front et,
>— PLAT THE RACES-
20 to SO per cent profit monthly on our new
eystetn: call and investigate. X. S. HAND tc
CO., expert handicappers. salt 12. 84 Kearny.
'%O0— LAUNDRY acrois the bay, horse, wagon
and stock on hand worth J3iO; weekly average
receipts 170; must b« cold account of sickness;
tony leaae; rent tSa. Elder Co.. 686 Market.
PO^—RBSTAUKANT; oppotlt* - railroad and
«te&mshlp landing, where 1000 men work In t;
80 cppplUon.- brrslTi. Ai*!y tl« FoUom.
BUSINESS CnANCES — COXT1XCED.
A— JSSOO— CORNER saloon; choicest : corner on
Market st.; lease for t years and more; rent
S2O0; no better location and no better business
In this city. Call R. G.. WILKE. 26ft Kearny.
A— $2500— CORNER grocery and bar on ' Nine-
teenth Bt.. known as one of the beat-paying
corner groceries In this city; rent $40; stock
will invoice $2000; horee, wagon; only reason
for selling, owner to 1 retire. Call It. G.
WILKE. 26'j Kearny st.
A — $1400 — DAILY produce store with branch
bakery and candy dept.; rent 140; 1 horse and
w&gon; dally receipt* about $50; location dose
to Palace Hotel. R. G. Wllke, 26% Kearny Bt.
A— $1250— BAKERY and confectionery across
the bay; business established 20 years; i
borsen, 2 wagons; rent $45; baking SVi barrels
per day; a splendid opportunity. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26fr Kearny st.
A— «3000— HALF Interest in oonfectlonery and
coffee parlors; Market and Kearny sts.; doing
large business; establ. many years; retiring
partner to leave city; a eplendld chance. R.
G. WILKE. I6H Kearny st.
A— SKiOO; WINE and liquor business in Oakland,
with agency for one of the largest wineries
in the State; a rushing bar trade and large
route of private customers; located on prin-
cipal street. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny.
A— $2500— CHOICEST saloon on Kearny St.;
close to Chronicle building; established years;
2 years' lease; all cash down not necessary.
Call R. O. WILKE. IStt Kearny at.
A— $500 — THIRD interest' in laundry company;
doing a first-class business; retiring partner
to leave for New York. Apply R. G. WILKE,
S6V4 Kearny st.
A. — $1600 — CORNER grocery and bar on Guerreft>
st. ; rent $40; large block, horse and wagon
and & flret-class paying business; established
years. Call R. G. WILKEt 2SH Kearny st.
A — ONE of the best saloons with commercial
lunch; close to Palace Hotel; rent*$50; owner
clck in bed; a great sacrifice; only $500 cash
down needed. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $700; CORNER saloon with 3 rooms; rent
$25; opp. factory employing 800 people] a
rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $250— CIGAR store on Market St.; rent-C!0;
a good-paying etand. Call R. G. WILKE,
2CK Kearny st.
A— $800— CORNER grocery and bar on Langton
St.; rent $30: place estab. 20 years; must sell;
as owner wants to retire and give long lease
to right party. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— JC50— PARTNER wanted in an employment
offlce; can clear eaeily $150 per month; only
good, active man need apply. R. G. W1L.KK,
L'6>4 Kearny st.
A— $275— CORNER saloon In the Mission: rent
J20;. lease; good-paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 3C>4 Kearny St.
A— $750— Restaurant with 25 furnished rooms. In
Stocktcn; rent $25: 2 years' lease; owner to
leave for East: must sell quick; a good-paying
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26«* Kearny st.
WANTED— Lady or gent with $200; salary $17
per week, including all expenses: must travel
and act as cashier. Box SSI. Call office.
r500— TOBACCO, cigars and notions; established
15 jts; living rooms; downtown location; safe
investment: no agents. Box 1070, Call offlce.
PARTNER, lady or gent: trilt edge business;
safe; profitable. M. KA6TL, 1215 Valencia ft.
BOARDING-house for sale; bargain; half block
from ferry; rent cheap. 45 Sacramento st.
SALOON for sale — Second door from Kearny;
$20 month. Apply 423-425 Jackson st.
PARTNER wanted In real estate; good busi-
ness. Apply £36 Market St.
RESTAURANT and coftee saloon; dally re-
celpts about $60. Call at place. 410 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS butcher shop for 6ale; in good
location and good business. Box 1095. Call.
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
Tht Stanley Aerial Navigation Company has
removed Its offices from 21S Eansome st. to
70S Market et.. second floor, room S. Model
now on exhibition and full sized airship un-
der construction at the Velodrome, Baker and
Hayes sts. CHAS. NEWMAN, Secretary.
BUTCHER business in a country town: estab-
lished over 40 years: average sales $55 per
day; only shop tn town; owner wishes to re-
tire; property will Invoice price. Address box
1076. Call offlce. _ .
FOR sale — Candy, ice cream and tamale par-
lor; branch bakery; must be sold Immediate-
ly; parties leaving city; no agents. 1506 How-
ard st.
BEST equipped family hotel In the city: elec-
tric elevator, billiard-rooms, etc.; proprietor
going East. Call 20'Z Sansome St.. rms. 1 & 2.
PARTY with $1000 take half interest In manu-
facturing patent article; sure sales, large
Profits. . Box 1057. Call.
AT once, cheap. New England Home Bakery,
Guerrero St., nfar Twenty-second; death
cause of sale; call at bakery.
FOR sale — Chophouse ; good business: expenses
small; electric Iifrhts; $350 cash. Particulars
W. C. 6TEELE. 7 N. California St.. Stockton.
FOR sale— Fixtures in a hardware store; £0 to
75 per cent discount : register, safe, scales, etc
Box 2007. Call offlce, Oakland.
$100— OYSTER and chop house. 908^4 Howard
st.; sirknesg the cause.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale. 403 Pacific st.
WOOD and coal yard for sale. 510 Second St.,
rear South Park.
RESTAVFANT; bargain; paying business;
cheap rent: good location. Apply "69 Hayes.
RESTAURANT for sale at a bargain this week.
Call et 419 Kearny st.
CIGAR store, fine location, for sale cheap. 29
Xinth et. -" • ¦ . .
$30 WINS $300 per month at races: references
given. Information Lyons. 521 Market, r. 4.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
SAMPLES ONLY. J
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr.' Call bldg.
11 rooms... $200 ,'20 rooms.. $$00 85 rooms. .$3500
11 rooms... 400,20 rooms.. 1200 75 rooms.. 4000
12 rooms... tOO:Z4 rooms.. HOP 65 rooms.. 4500
13 rooms... 300,28 rooms.. 1650 63 rooms.. V.00
12 rooms... r.00 3fi rooms.. 1800 £2 rooms.. 3000
14 rooms... 250J20 rooms.. 2400 .CO rooms.. 7000
17 rooms... 350;34 rooms.. 26501 50 rooms.. S200
16 rooms... 800 27 rooms.. 27501100 rooms.. 1500
18 rooms... 600:30 rooms.. 2500; 50 rooms.. 7000
18 rooms... 476,40 rooms.. 3000J 60 rooms.. 5000
19 rooms... 700,40 rooms.. 40001 64 rooms.. 300u
17 rooms... S00:43 rooms.. 2500' 46 rooms.. 5000
tn ROOMS; newly furnished; rent $150 $3000
37 rooms; money-maker; near Market 1900
20 rooms; Van Ness; finely furn.; extra.. 9M
15 rooms; Leavenworth; rent $57 SO 900
10 rooms; $450; 10 rooms, quick gs.)
20 room*; detached: handsome yard, I with
drive to barn and lease $10 month. leaving
rent only $65 month; clears $100 month; special
tnap. FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st.
WINSTON * WOLF. 1016 Market et.
14 rooms; Geary st.: roust sell $750
U rooms; piano; rent $45; only sso
Jl room; elegant corner 1500
40 rooms; great bargain: a snap 1600
18 rooms; cheap rent; central 900
46 rooms: rent $60; corner 1100
MONEY TO LOAN AT I PER CENT....
A-4* ROOMS; north of Market; Al furniture:
clears $200 net; must be sold at once; reduced
to f2300; 20 new houses Just listed. REIN-
HOLD. J5KIRM-'& S.NTDER, 927 Market St..
room 218, second floor; phone Folsora 1011.
Also open evenings.
AN investment of $2250 will buy a lodging-
house of 40 rooms: centrally located; Income
$600 per mo.; net $250 to $200; must be sold at
once; part cash. Box 1087, Call.
FOR. sale, cheap— Newly furnished 16- room
apartment house: permanently filled; must
be sold owing to other business. Call before
10 a. rn. or after 6 p. m. at 1157 Octavia bt.
LARGEST list lodpinjr-houses; good bargains-
money loaned on furniture. SCHWEINHARd'
rms. l-i. 917 Market ft., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
$1100— €0 ROOMS; flne location; well furnished-
all rented; low rent. BASILE, 3 Eddy St.
A— NICELY famished 9-room house; easy rent*
running water. 843 Post at.
BARGAIN; JS50; lodcliur-house of 76 rooms; ln-
vestlgate. 105 New Montgomery st
CARRIAGES ASP WAGOXS.
A-N A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORXS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chll-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
SPIRITUALISM. >
MRS. DR. FARNHAM. world-renowned spirit-
ual medium; advice In all affairs of life, law-
suits, divorces, deaths; unites the separated;
mining a specialty: clrs. Sun., Wed., Frt. ev*§.
Come and be convinced. Permanently located
SU Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; no sign.
MME. MAJORS, gifted : spiritual medium,
healer and card reader. 146 Eddy St.
CIRCLE to-night. 8 sharp. 10c; readings dally.
MME. MARQUISE. S Hyde St.. nr. McAllister.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; best tests;
10c; prophetic read Ings; ladles 50c.: 148 Sixth.
MRS. LESTER— Readings dally; circle every
eve.. 10c. except Wed., devel. circle. 222 Turk.
ALEXANDER CARTELU healer & developer;
short time only; treats all diseases. S Eddy.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing, ethereallzlng
stance. 8 p.m.. Me. 1084 Bush, nr. Leavenworth.
CARLE. S05 Taylor St., corner Ellis— Sittings
daily; seance Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday.
C. Mayo-Steers. 112% Oak. trance medium;
readings. $1; hours. Up. m.; teL Howard »27.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAIIieter— Mrs." C J*-
Meyer, sittings daily; tests to all tonight; 10c.
MR8.J. 3. WHITNEY, trance, bus.' medium.
- lift reader, mad. clairvoyant. Utl O'Farrell.
MUSICAL ISSTRUME.VT3.
GREAT many bargaiM In
small lnatallments. Hornung. 218 McAllister.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steok . Hardman. Con-
over & otherB. W. B. ALLEN & CO.. 31* P° 9 h
AT KEEFFB-S 933 Market s>t.. 4 * le S* nt J™T
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos. »3 P«
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
SUPEIUOR -violins, zithers, old *?*»**.;,'*•
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham piac»
BARGAIN-Must be sold: nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAlllater St.. next Hlb. Bang.
OIL.
20 OR 40 acres for sale in 24-2S-27. Kern River
Oil District; a grand chance for a, company U
taken Immediately. J. S. EWEN, lp Cali-
fornia st.. room 1. San Francisco. CaL
OCCIDENTAL Exploration Company buys, de-
velops exploits and sells oil Iand3: has excep-
tional 'advantages for securing Eastern capital
In proved fields; communications confidential.
F. H, HAUSMAN. Sec... room 32. Mills bldg.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine street
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
1 Country correspondence solicited.
WANTED— 3C00 shares of the Occidental Oil Co.
of West Virginia stock. Address, stating
lowest bid, box 1035. Call offlce.
OIL LANDS FOR SALE.
KERN River; proven territory; line of R. R.
Newton. Carmen & Somes, r. 1M. Chronicle.
PA I NTERS AND DECORATORS.
Wall paper, window shades; rooms papered. $3
up. Jensen & Bath, 308 Sixth St.; open evenings.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FCSSELLI. sctentiflc palmist, 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 551.
PART.VERS WASTED.
PARTNER wanted in lodging-house. Address
box 10S4. Call office.
PATENTS A > l> P£> iS }O** :
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PERSONALS.
WHY guess? you are certain of style and fit by
using Standard Patterns; February styles
ready. DOMESTIC OFFICE. 1021 Market st.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS, til. South 732,
made to order, renovated; honest work guar-
anteed; feathers and hair cleansed; flne uphol-
stery; goods carefully packed for shipment or
storage. HOPKt BROS.. 318 and 320 11th st.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms:
25c to $1 CO per night: $1 50 to $« per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from, the ferry.
Superfluous hair removed with electric needle;
electric roller facial treatment for wrinkles:
all branches taught. Miss Eaton. 1113 Sntter.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SUITS to order on Installments; $15 upward; $1
a week. LEON LEMOS, 1117 Market St., be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, -three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Btockton »t., near Broadway.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 19
years* experience. J. B. RAY. $57 Jessie st.
VOICE culture, piano, French conversation by
Parisian teachers. 408 Golden Gate ave.
SUITS to order on easy payments. Art Tailor-
ing Co., 1844 MXt.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1: at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all drngglata.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C cTo'DONNELL— Offlce and rwMdenc*,!
1021^ Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
PARALYSIS, rheumatism, asthma effectually
cared. DR. J. II. REEVE. 2fitj Kearny st.
REAL ESTATE: CITY FOR SALE.
PEREMPTORY order to sell by non-resident;
4 lots In Richmond that cost $3S0 each at tha
give-away price of $123 each: they are a»-
sessed at almost double the price asked; Cali-
fornia Title Insurance and Trust Co. will
grant certificate. W. J. GUNN. 530 Califor-
nia st.
THE choicest lots In Richmond with all street
. work done and ready for building offered at
very low pricea: a few steps from the cabl*
and electric cars, not far out: I can arrang?
for easy payments: save your money In this
way and get your home. W. J. GUNN. 530
California St.. bet. Montgomery and Kearny.
IF you have property north of the Park and
you wish to sell quickly, then call on W. J.
OUNN. 5S0 California st.
$1000— ONE lot. 33x137:6. on Carroll St., between
Stanyan and Willard; lot Improved: ready to
build; street sewered., Address 3C8 Pacific st.
FOR sale— An exceptional bargain In that ele-
gant 10-room up-to-date residence., 773 Cole
¦t. : elegantly decorated: open daily.
MODERN houses built; low?st prices: plans and
estimates furnished. Campbell. 1147 Mission.
REAL ESTATE COl'.VTi: Y For Sale
AT $4H per acre— 8S0 acres: nearly all tillable;
W acres perfect garden soil: some timber:
best watered ranch In the county; good and
complete set of buildings: unequaied loca-
tion for roadside house, hotel, etc.. if so
desired; It's an exceptional opportunity; take
my. advice; don't delay. N. D. SICKELS—
the LAND AGENT, 6 Geary st.
SANTA CLARA Valley homes at $30 an ecr»;
rich level fruit and vine land at San Martin
station; new depot; $5000 school; terms one-
third cash, balance Installments or term of
years to suit purchaser: such chance unheard
of before: don't hesitate: write for catalogue.
WOOSTBR & WHITTON. San Jose. Cnl.
J300 FOR 13) acres of alfalfa, fruit and grain
land: fenced: on Irrigation ditch; 3 mile*
from railroad town In Tular* Co. : appraisM
at T20 per acre by S. F. bank. Address F. W.
STRATTON. Petaluma. Cal.
CALL on MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St..
for circulars of farms and city property. '
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
REAL estate auction sale of some choice pieces
cf Alameda property on Saturday, Jan. 19,
HOI. at 4 p. m., at salesroom. 1501 Park st..
Alameda. Cal.. particulars later: send for
catalogues. J. A. MONROE * CO.. auction-
eers. 1501 Park St., Alameda. Telephona
Grand 178. ____^__^_
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1 118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND BEAL^ESTATE.
$S30^A~SMALL home of 4 rooms and bath: must
be sold: 39th St.. near Telegraph ave.: 25x100.
A J SNYDER & CO.. Real Estate. 487 Ninth
st'., Oakland. Cal.
rr;o_4 ROOMS: 33x100; must be told. A. J.
SXYDER & CO.. 4S7 Ninth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th«
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BAKER, 1410 — 3 large sunny rooms.
CHESTNUT. 293, North Beach— Furnished for
housekeeping, sunny corner house, quiet
neighborhood. -
EDDY. 303— Front rooms, complete for house-
keeping.
EDDY. 743— Housekeeping and other sunny
-rooms; rent reasonable.
EIGHTH. 14B — Front suite of rooms and
kitchen: furnished for housekeeping ; bath,
ELLIS. 420— Housekeeping rooma and others;
bath; sunny. -
ELLIS 639. corner Larkln— Single furnished
room: gas stove; Welsbach light; week or ,
month. - " *"
FOLSOM, 2848—3 or 4 sunny rooms; ras atovs;
cheap;, without children.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. «22— Sunny bay-window
suite of 3 rooms; gas. running water; reason.
HAYES, 46$— Large furnished front room with
use of kitchen.
OAK, 119— One very sunny room, furnished for
- housekeeping: stove, closet, water; $3.
PERRY. 174—2 nicely furn. sunny nns; bath;
housekpgj hot & cold water: rent reasonable.
POLK. 522— Unfurnished and furnished rooms
• for housekeeping. ,_,; .:...;
WILLOW, 10; off Market, near Eddy— 8 rooma
for general housekeeping; no children; $u.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscript lon«
, xecelrtd at Call branch ©race. 2S«fl FlUaiora »1^FORGED THE NAME OF
HANITA'S SECRETARY
Miss Anna F. Bryan, a Clerk in tho
Government "Km ploy, Arrested
in Washington. • .". .,
•WASHINGTON. Jan. lOi-Mlas Anna F.
Bryan, a clerk in the Poetofflce Depart
ment, has been arrested and charged with
larceny of stationery to the value of $17
from the Senate stationery-room. Miss
Bryan la from Cincinnati, and has been
In the Government service since June.
1S97. Several days ago she presented to
the ci^rk of the Senate stationery-room
an order for goods supposed to be signed
by Elma Dover, secretary to Senator
Hanna. She Is said to have represented
herself as beinjr Mrs. Dover, and to have
obtained among other things a pigskin
pecketbook with a watch on the cover.
"When the order was brought to the at
tention of Mr. Dover he promptly repu
diated It and reported the matter to tbe
police. Miss Bryan was arrested am]
placed under $200 bond. AIlss Bryan says
she met a young man in <ne Capitol build-
Ing who represented himself as being Mr.
Dover, and that, she took . the order In
good faith. She Is well known In this
city, especially by members of the Ohio
Cotsreasional delegation.
IMssolves Cotrarn Injunction.
OAKLAND, Jan. 10.— Thomas W. Lot
tridge has secured a release from the or
der of the court restraining him from
laying: claim to the exclusive services of
Jockey Willie Cbburn.
Lottridge's attorneys showed to Judge
Ellsworth's satisfaction that Mrs. Coburn.
pending the action for damages against
the horseman, had gone on accepting
w^.ges for her son's services under the
terms of the old contract.
• The action for the annulment of the con
tract, will, howBver, go on. Coburn'o at
torneys have filed- an. amendment to their
complaint in answer to charges In Lot
trldge's demurrer, alleging: that the Jock
ey's father^ was living and supporting his
family at the time the contract was made
and that therefore he alone had a right
to hire the son out as an apprentice.
Sharkey Selects Training Quarters.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 10.— Thomas Sharkey
the pugilist, has selected training quar
ters In this city for. his preparation for
the fight with Kid McCoy, which will take
place in San Francisco in a couple of
months. Tim McGrath, Sharkey's train
er, is fitting: up. a grymnaslum here and
the Bailor is expected to arrive and be
gin work ina short time. • .
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Tea Gown
won, -Porter. B . second, water Plant third.
Time, 1:»U. \.
Mile ana a sixteenth,' selling— Indian won,
Lillian Reed second, Titus third. Time, 2:03.
. Seven f urlongrs— Miss Hanover won, Glen
Lake second. Emigre third. Time, 1:3S.
Six furlongs, selling — Educate won, Novelty
second, Tlldeo third. Time, l:Z2%.
Six furlongs, selling— Lady Contrary won
Floyd Dixie second. Olekma third. Time Vti
Mile and an eighth, selling— Banquo II won
Henry of Frantaamar second, Albert Vale
third. Time. 2:07H-
IVifiW ORLEaNS, Jan. 10.— Results
Results at New Orleans.
HOTEL ABRIVA1S.
GRAND HOTEL,
H Kercheval. Courtlnd
L Kroner. Brentwood
J H Ames, Cal
W.F Coutta, Cal
Miss S Allen, Cal
R J Graham, Cal
L Johnston & w, Cal
P 8harkey. Portland
F Southard, Portland
T Hendricks & w. Or
Miss Hendricks, Or
Miss R Hendricks, Or
J Johnson & w. Portld
C Buchanan, Greenwd
H Rltner & w,. B C
J H Fink, Bpokane
J Ludwig, Redding
Dr F Stable Redding
L C Black, 8 Jose
L Desborough, Mex
A Applebee & w, Mex
J Barham, Antioch
Mre Baldwin, Stockton
D D Baker & w, Tex
R H Varriel, L Ang
W Parker, Columbus
J D Biddle, Hanford
W Griffiths & w, Minn
Mrs M Brewer, Fargo
F J Watson. L Ang
T Holtzhausen. L Ang
C S Fay, L Ang
Mrs Jackson, Kansas
\V Rose, Cal
C A Ferris. N T
J R Weeks. L Ang
C L Wright. S Miguel
G R Stewart. Cal
A Meendet, Berkeley
A Meendet, N Y
K W Murphy, L Ang
8 P Poland, S Jose
W D Canto. Cal
W Perry Jr, Jackson
C A Hale & w, Fresno
M R Madery. Fresno
H H Hunter, Cal
W Buckley, Stockton
S A Mclntoeh. Reno
J Devery, Reno
L F Warner, Auburn
W H Organ, Merced
C McCoy & f, Colo
J Duncan & s, Mich
A F Rtreet, N Y
J F Pearce, New Mex
Mrs Hall fc Oakland
W E ClarV. Omaha
J O'Callaghan. Sacto
J R Roslyn, Denver .
Dr Richardson. USA
J W. McClosky. U S N
H H Klpp. USN ¦
W B Chapman, USN
PALACE HOTEL
J B Hastings, N T
8 M Samstag. NY
L, F Falk. Boise
A C Kohny. Boise
H Fa!k. Boise
J Spiegel; • Boise
H L Smith, \ allejo
O Holford. Vancouver
W J Soellacy. Bkrsfld
G Y Altls & w. Bkrsd
M AJelsberg, Oakland
<: B Handy. L Ang
F A Smith. Spokane ¦
H R Kerby. Chicago '
J Green. Seattle
A 8 Perkins. Seattle
C Bacon. Seattle _
F B Straukamp, N x
A D King. Hanford
G F Meacham Jr, Seat
Mrs Meacham. Seattle
W E Dunn, L Ang •
R Trepanler. Iowa^ ¦
W J Westerfleld, Reno
j G Glldersfeve, Stnfrd
n A Severance. S Paul
A E Silk, Detroit
J A. Pomeroy, Portlnd
J A Irving. L. Ang
W G Gambrlll, USA
F D Rice. New York
J E Kelty. New York
F Graham. N Orleans
Mrs Schaw, Sacto
Miss Schaw, Sacto
W. Griffith & w. Minn
Mrs M A Brewer. N D
J S Watson. Chicago
O Beaver. Stanford
B C Voorhlea. Rut Crk
W A ChaDin, Sacto
J P Lombard. Stanford
P Hockey. Stanford
R F Varlel. L Ang
A F MacFarland. N J
Mrs MacKarland. N J
L J Rose, Oxnard
W N Gerhard. N T
R H Klftman. Minn
A A Grant. N Mex ¦
J Fisher. New Haven
NEW WESTERN HO%"EL.
Michael Bowler. PI'
H Wright & dau, L A
Paul de Martin, Sac
H M Rltner&w, B C
Mrn S A James, Papn
P Smith, Bpokane
Earl Stanley,* Tillamok
Li AVartenberg, Los A
S C Hallard. Cal
W'm Morris, Indiana
lohn Harris. Indiana
>..;.; ; - . — ¦ »-<
Harry Paine, Lob A
Abe Cohn, Loa-A .,
I6e Taylor, Dayton, O
AI Chandler, Wash
Bob Johnson, Pasadena
A Faulkner. Boston
W* j Bradford, ' Omaha ¦
Jerre Lynch, - Omaha
Wm Van Horn. Stktn
Earl * Emmet. Scotland
K- »'¦ — ¦
White Mob Seeks lo Drive
the Colored Man Prom
His Home.
MAY ATTEMPT
TO LYNCH NEGRO
Track Notes.
The horses in training owned by W. R.
Larzalere, P. Ryan and Phil Archibald
will be sold at publlo auction In the sad
dling paddock to-morrow.
The Tanforan Park management has of
fered a special purse.. of $1000 for a race
between Brutal, Rolling Boer, Articulate
and Canmore. It has been decided that
the weights carried shall be seven pounds
below the scalcand the distance one mile.
To make it more interesting a jackpot of
$100 a corner will add to the value of the
added money, the -owner of each three
year-old putting up that amount. The
race' will be run on the. second Saturday
of the coming Tanforan meeting. An ef
fort will be made to get Sam Loates, the
Knglish rider, to- pilot Articulate. Nash
Turner will have the amount on -Rolling
Boer, O'Connor astride Brutal and
Mounce or Sloan on Canmore.
A pair of gold spurs will be presented to
the jockey riding the winner of the Win
ter handicap, to be decided at the next*
meeting at Tanforan. ¦
Caesar Young 'purchased Meehanus of
Wyoming was almost backed off the
boards to finish first for the closing seven
furlong selling affair. Lomond gave him
quite a tussle, leading to the paddock,
when O'Connor got to the front on the
choice, scoring by a length. Essence
"beat the poorly ridden Montallade for
the show honors.
Six two-year-olda of unknown quantity
started in the three-furlong dash follow
ing. Dr. McNutt, a dark brown colt by
Halma from the Hildreth j stable, was
backed down to favoritism. He showed
ionly an ordinary turn of Bpeed, finishing
third Lapidus, with Mounce up, led al
most from the start, downing Jack Tyrrell
two lengths. •
One of the biggest plunges of the day
was made on Handicapper, a starter in
the five and a half-furlong sprint, third
to be decided. Specially prepared at Ingle
slde, the Shields entry had O'Connor in
the saddle, and after closing a 3 to 2 fa
vorite, ran unplaced. Imp. Broadbrim., at
odds of iVi to 1. came in first, half a length
before Duckoy. while three lengths
further away Florinel took the show.
Bee Bee, the fast mare from the' Burns
& Waterhouse stable, seems to have lost
her winning form. She ruled favorite for
the first event and could not get a mark.
Mounce sent Urchin, a 6 to 1 chance, along
from third position In the stretch, beat
ing 'Fidel Youlin out a length.
It certainly was some consolation for
the talent after being separated from its
coin to know that Lennep does not like
mud; at least not yesterday's number.
Only two or three books were aware of
the fact, and nothing could make them
rub the 6 to 5 chalked against Fred Fos
ter's mare. Rojllng Boer, carrying 84
pounds, was backed from 2 to 8 to 5, and
after stepping off the mile and fifty yards
did not draw a long breath. Lennep, the
favorite, even lost the place to The
FVetter, the. only other starter. t ;-
It was not until the last event was de
cided that a favorite could' be credited
with taking a purse, and then Wyoming
won. The bookmakers would have stored
up enough to last them through the damp
season had it not been for the wins of
Kolling Boer and the favorite above men
tioned.
due solely to the excellent hand
ling the horse received at the hands of
Mounce. With more racing luck the old
mare Lena could have scored, and better
Judgment on the part of J. Miller would
have put Greenock over the plate first.
The track was very heavy and Inclined to
be holding, which fact naturally caused
luck to figure as a strong factor. Telamon,
the three-year-old from Sam Hildreth's
stable, with 90 pounds In the saddle, closed
post favorite. Jack Martin kept him in
eecond position to the stretch, when he
began falling back beaten. Saving con
siderable ground by hugging the rail
around the far turn. Miller had Greenock
clear of his field when the straight for
home was reached, the Schorr horse look
ing all over a winner. Miller, however,
did not cut acroes to the ridge, wheTre the
footing was not. so deep, later losing his
lead. Below the paddock Malay looked
dangerous, but both Anjou and Lena
passed him, Mounce on the former beat
ing Lena a neck. The winner went to the
post second choice in the ring:. , .
ANJOU won the McLaughlin sell
ing stake at Oakland yesterday,
defeating a field of seven over one
mile and a sixteenth, and it "was
by y. :e. 3^xjXjia:oi J i_,^^3sriD.
Bam Hildreth yesterday for $1500, so re
ported.
Following: are to-day's entries:
First Race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
1618 Little MlnchJr.107 1606 Isaline ...... 101
180 ?£ oul Play 101 "IS Tlng-a-Ling ..!l01
laiO Pilot 103 1609 Billy Moore 103
1621 La Mascotta...l05 1612 Birdie Stone... 95
1616 Maggie Davis. .105 1626 Juva 105
1597 Monrovia 105 1618 Dunboy 107
Second Race — Threo furlongs; maiden two
year-olds; purse:
1820 Dr.Scharff 118 .... Barklylte U5
1620 Torso Maid ....115 Imp. Star Ruby-Hin
1620 J. V. Kirby....ll5 da Dwyer.
Rublno 115 1620 Sol LichtensfnllS
Imp. Star Ruby-Tor- 1620 Mike Murphy.. 115
sina.
Third Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
selling:
1610 Quiz II 107 1610 Nellie. Forest.. .103
1619 Billy Lyons ....104 1621 Flatterer 107
1587 Satin Coat ...\.104 1610 Merida w
1610 Ada K 105
Fourth Race — One mile; three-year-olds and
up; purse:
(1616)Ordnung; 85 1627 Lennen 101
(1627) Rolling Boer-.. 88 . • ..-."i
Fifth Race— Mile and 60 yards; three-year
olds and up; selling:
1605 Donator 104 1558 Owensboro'.... 107
1603 Klckumbob — 104 (l559)Freo Lanca 112
1618 Wallenstein 104 <1614)Galanthus .... 89
1613 Mary Klnsella. 97 1622 Lady Meddlsm 104
1605 Castake 104 1605 Expedient 99
Sixth Race— One and an eighth miles; four
year-olds and up: selling:
1593 Opponent 104 (1615)Lotl Rey 107
(1605)Morinel 102 1619 Grand Sachem,. 104
Probable Winners.
First Race —Birdie Stone, Maggie Davis, Isa
line. < • r - .
Second RacfrT-SolLiehtensteln, J. V. Klrby,
Mike Murphy.- J
. Third Race —Satin Coat, Nellie Forest. Flat
terer. :
Fourth Race—Rolling Boer, Ordnunj, Lennep.
Fifth Race— Galan thus, Dona tor, Owensboro.
Sixth Race—Morlnel. Lou Rey. Opponent.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
1024. FIRST RACE -Five and a half furlongs; four-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
T j. Po. • r Betting
index Horse. Age. Weight. Pst St. - %. %. str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PL
iSI h , ln V 4 103 IT 1 6~4 Th ~ 1 1 Mounce ~7Z 6 6 4 Ti
1606 Fidel Toulln. 4. .101 8 4 th 4 2 ... 3ns O'Connor ..8 3 3 1
;:« £ anla Lucia, 6.. .lOO 71 18 11 ... 31 Frawley ... 20 40 30 15
™l Bee Bee. 4 101 6 3 82 2H ... 42. Domlnlck .. 7-10 8-5 8-5 3-5
"5| Del Vista. 4 96 9 8 8h 6 1 ... 6 6 J. T. Woods 20 30 30 8
J?m U1IUa ? 1 F - <—.101 12 13 10 1 9 1 6 3 J.. Miller.... 10 20 20 8
}£, !??7, Lark ' a ----l<>5 10 3 4 2 8H ... 7 2 Enos » 20 60-60 20
}i,l Abby lelx L, 4.... 98 1 10 12 10 ... 8 2 Tamplin ... 20 „ 100 100 40
J«3 Onyx. 5 105 3 7 9 1 7 1 ... • » 4 Tullett 8 15 . 15 6
"62 Grey Bob. 4 SS 2 6 11 3 11 ... 10 Brodien .... 20 80 30 12
«J? Sarsfleld, 4 88 6 11 7 h 13 ... 11 Feary 100 100 100 40
1613 Gold Baron, B — 107 4 9 6 2 B H ... • 12 B&sstnger .. 8 15 12 S
Time— 1-16, :07; 3-16, :1SH; 7-16, :43%; 6Uf, l:10«. Good start. Won first 'three driving.
inner, C. P. Fink's b. g. by Kingston-Mary M. Winner has shown Improvement of late
and was nicely ridden. Santa Lucia tired. Bee Bee could not get to the front. Balance
of the chorus all out of tune. » >
1025. PECOXD RACK— Three furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $400. "
" PcT '. r , Betting [
Index Horse, and Weight. P/st St. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
.... Lapldu 112 7 2 1H 12 Mounce .... 8 8 8 1
.... Jack TyTrell ....112 6 8 ... ... 28-22 Ransch 6 7 7 2
.... Dr. McNutt J12 2 1 4 3 3 4 Buchanan .. 6-2 7-2 5-1 " 1
.... Minerva 109 14 th 4 4 Domlnlck .. 5-2 • 5 6 8-5
.... Torila 109 4 6 5 6 < Bassinger .. 6 15 12 6
.... Repose filly 109 3 * O'Connor ... 8 4 4 6-5
Time— M. :13; «4. :3SH- Fair start. Won first three drlvln*. Winner, W. B. Jennings &
Co.'s b. c. by Star Ruby-Fegrl V. Winner crossed Tyrrell in the stretch, impeding his pro
gress. Lapldus Is small but game. Repose filly refused to break. *Left/_ _
1026. THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs; four-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
t PoT f Betting
Index Horse, Age, Weight. Pst St. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
(1699) Im. Broadb'm, 6.110 41 7H6S 41 1H Buchanan.. 8 9-2 9-2 7-5
1623 Duckoy, 4 104 92 2H2h In 23 Enos 4 S 9-2 8-5
1618 Florinel II, 4. ...103 74 11 18 28 3 1H Dominlck .. -- 8 - 15 12 6
1613 Juva, 5 105 27 64 42 61 4h Mounce .... 10 12 12 4
1412 Handicapper. 4. ..103 88 42 31 3h 56 O'Connor... 8-5' 8-5 3-2 8-5
1618 Har. Thatcher. 4.103 18 86 8 6 62 66 J. Miller.... 20 40 40 12
1193 B. Sheppard, 4.. 96 89 9 9 8 71 Brodien .... 30 100 100 40
(15S2) Devereux. 4 tC3 5 5 Sh 52 JH'jl Basslnger .. 8 30 25 lfl
Looram. a 107 66 6h71 9 9 Bergen 6 20 20 7
Time— 1-16, :07; 8-16, :19U; 7-16, :44; 5%f. 1:11. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner.
Broadmeade Farm's blk. h. by • Broadmeade-Marcelle. Buchanan picked out the best going.
Florinel ran gamely. O'Connor looked over the chart and then picked out all of the poor
cst Rolnff. I.noram no spi-ci. Scratched-Slmon D 107, t~an Aue«?tlne W".
1027. FOURTH RACE— Mile and 60 yards; three-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
__ , Betting
Index Horse, Age. Weight. Pst St. hi- H- Str. Fin. I Jockeys. Op. HI. Cl. PI.
1567 Rolling Boer. 8.. 84 2 2 2 2 1% 18 14 J. Martin... I t 8-5 2-5
(im) The Fretter, B....1M 38 3 3 2n22 Mounce 8 4 4 1-2
1604 iLennep. 6 100 11 IM it 8 3 O'Connor ... 1 8-5 6-5 1-4
Time— 60 yards. :03^i. U. :26U: U. =52; «i, 1:17>4: mile. 1:45)4: lm 50yrds. 1:48>4. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner, William Cahlll's b. c. by Dutch Roller-
Woodranee. Looks as if Boer had regalne"d his form. Fretter did his best. After the race
everybody knew that Lennpj> didn't like the number of the mud. It was too sticky.
l<H!"ij| FIFTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; Mclaughlin Sell'g Stakes: 3-year-olds up; $1500.
, Betting
Index Horse, Age. Weight. IPstjSt. %. H. Str. Fin, Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
1616 Anjou. 4... - . 101 8 7 31 62 4Hln Mounea ..... 3 13-5 13-5 1
(UK) I^ena. a 99 21 41 3h 81 21 Buchanan 8 10 9 E-2
1615 Malay. 6 97 13 63 4 h 3n Sh J. Walsh B. 9 6 . a
1612 iGreenock. 4 101 4 4 5 1 6 6 1 4 4 n J. Miller.... 6 12 10 4
1615 JLocochee, 5 100! 568 8 6254 O'Connor... 8 15 15 6
OeCl) Telamon, 3 90' 3 3 3 1 2 1 E >i 6 15 J. Martin... 8-2 11-5 2-1
1603 Lavator S 88 7. 8 71 72 71 74 Domlnick .. 6 10 10 4
-mo ' Dandy Jim. 3.... S6] 6 j 5 11 11 S 8 Ransch 6 20 20 8
Time— 1-16, :t*7; 5-16. :32: 9-16, :57U : 13-16/ 1:23%: mile, 1:45; 1 l-16m. 1:51%. Fair start.
Won first three driving. Winner, W. B. Jennings & Co.'s b. h. by St. Andrew-Jude. Anjou
host ridden. Lena In all the bad golntr and cut off twice. Malay away poorly. Had Miller
on Gif eno<-k picked better going while In front he could have won. Telamon not partial
to mud. Dandy Jim had only one verse to speak. Scratched — Pat Morrlssey 97.
102!). . BIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
I Po.l I , ¦ Betting H^
Index Horse. Age. 'Weight. PstjSt. »4. %. Str. Fin. 1 Jockeys. Op. Hi. Cl. PI.
1C11 Wyoming, a 107 4 4 4'4 64 1H -11 O'Connor... 6-6* 8-5 8-5 1-2
Kll Lomond, 4 102 22 lh 11 26 26 Domlnlck ..6 8 9-2 3-2
lfiAS Essence, 4 99 77 7 7 31 32 Ransch 3 « . K 2
ions (Montallade, a 102 65 64 41 41 41 Mounce 5-2 3 3 1
1619 into Chico. 6 104 3 S 2h :<J S4 8 J 4 Enos 30 60 60 15
W* IChoteau 4 99 56 64 6H62 62 Buchanan .. «' 25 30 30 10
1576 JN'one Such. 6 102 ljl 3h 3h 1 7 J. Miller..:. 20 30 30 g
Time— M, :13: %. :SS%: %. l:03\£: %, 1:304. Good start. Won first threw driving. Winner,
J G Brown & Co.'s b. g. by Pardee-Caprlce. Winner again a mudlark. Mouncs on
Montallade threw race away by a wide turn into stretch. Scratched— MacLaren 102, Par
menion 104. ¦ -
Joseph Pilger to Lucy Pilger (wife), lot on E
line of Van Ness avenue, 65 N of Union street,
N 35 by B 107:3; gift.
William and Dee Doxey, "William H. Crocker,
George T. Cameron, Percy B. Towne and Wil
liam Rlgby Jr., trustees of the estate of Wil
liam A. Doxey (bankrupt), by Thomas H. Ryan,
commissioner, to Triumph Loan Association.
lot on E line of Ashbury 6treet, 35 S of. Wal
ler. 8 25 by E 106:3; JSS03.
Mary E. and Thomas Vodden to Timothy J.
Crowley. lot on W line of Clayton street, 133:9
S of Waller. 6 25 by W 125; $5500.
William and Annie M. Linden to Anna Cur
lett, lot on W line of Church street, 225 N of
Twenty-third, N 35 by W 117:6; $500.
Johan and Frederlcka Runge to C. B. Wll-
Bon, lot on N line of Greenwich street. 110 E
of Montgomery, E 27:6 by N 137:6; |200O.
Virginia. Joseph, Lulgi, Elizabeth and Rosa
C. Ferea to Domeniro Firenze, lot on SW cor
ner of Stockton and Greenwich streets,' S 44:S
by W 70; $3000.
Edward Jr. or Edward Mandonnet to
Woman's Home Missionary Society of Meth
odist Episcopal • Church (corporation), re
record 1S30 D. 354, lot on N line of Washing
ton street, 157:6 W of Stockton, W 20 by N
77:6; also lot on NE corner or Washington and
Trenton (Virginia) streets, B 20 by N 75; 15000.
J. 8. and Dolores Tlnoco to Fablen and Marie
Hltte, lot on S line of Jackson street, 137:6 K
of Mason. W 30 by S 137:6; $5000.
Edward W. Hopkins to Mabel K. Hopkins,
undivided 15-72 of lot on NW corner of Eddy
and Powell streets, W 150. N 75, B 75, S 10,
E 75. S 65; J60.000.
Same to William F. Hopkins, undivided 15-72
of same; $10.
Joseph Pilger to Lucy Pilger (wife), lot on
K line of Larkln street, 60:8 S of Sacramento.
S 31 by E 100; gift.
John G. and Agnes M. Agar (trustees estate
of Joseph Macdonough) to Orville D. Baldwin,
lot on W corner of Fourth and Howard streets,
NW 48:6by SW 85; J60.000.
Antolne and Grade Borel to Julia Leahy,
lot on W line of Eleventh avenue, 150 S of
Lake street. 8 23 by W 120: $1000.
Julia B. Graham to Annie Backe (wife of
Frank), lqt on E line of Eighth avenue, 120.6
N of Point Lobos avenue, N 25 by E 101:4;
$1000.
Wlllard V. and Marie L. Huntlngton to Ed
win W. Joy, lot on W line of Fifteenth avenue.
100 S of B street. S 25 by W 127:6; also lot on
S line of B street. 82:6 W of Sixteenth ave
nue. W 25 by 8 100; also lot on E line of Six
teenth avenue, 125 N of B street, X 25 by E
127:6: $1500.
Elizabeth Kyne to ' John E. McNamara, lot
on B line of Eleventh avenue, 100 N of, J
street, K 60 by E 120; $1000.
John Andrews Jones Estate Company (a cor
poration) to Elizabeth Noe fwlfe of Joseph),
lot on H lino of Forty- ninth avenue. 275 X of
J street. N 25 by B 120; $500.
Hannah Rothensteln > (executrix estate of
Alexander Rothensteln, by Albert Raymond,
commissioner) to Anglo-Callfornlan Bank, Ltd..
lots » to 12. 15, block F. Park Lane Tract No.
4; »3200. . .
Mary J. Whyte to Gtombatlsta Glnnochlo,
Giovanni Chlappari and Francesco Pellcano,
lot 201, West End Homestead; $500.
Ida Precht to Abraham Ruef, lots 1 to 8. 21
to 24. block 712, salt marsh and tide lands, B
\i of block; $500.
' Builder's Contract. "**
Elizabeth C. Pearl (owner) with O. A. <5ea
mer (contractor), architects Martens & Coffey —
All work except plumbing, painting, glass,
mantels, gas fixtures and shades for a 3-story
and basement frame building on lot on NW
"corner of Pierce and Halght streets, W 30 by
N 87:6. Western Addition block- 439; ISSOO.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Godfrey Langhenry, president of the Ill
inois Brewing Association, was elected
president of the American Bowling Con
gress to-day after an' exciting contest.
Charles H. Ebbetts of Brooklyn and F.
W. Moore of - Chicago were also candi
dates. Langhenry received 65 votes and
Ebbetts 51. Other officers were elected as
follows: First vice president, W. V.
Thompson, Chicago; second vice presi
dent, F. W. Pryor, New York; secretary,
Samuel Karpen, Saylon, Ohio; treasurer,
George P. Strack. Astoria, N. Y.; execu
tive committee — ThomaS Curtis of Brook
lyn, chairman; D. XV. Young of New
York, J. F. Gruver of Cleveland. F. H.
Brill of Chicago, Herman Collins of Cleve
land and Martin Kern of St. Louis.
Bowling for two men championship be
gan to-day in the annual tournament of
the American Bowling Congress, all of
the five men teams, with two exceptions,
having- completed their games.
-Mr. Langhenry. president of the Ameri
can Bowling Congress, uaid: "The women
have no right to call themselves a na
tional congress, for they are not. They
are a local organization, sprung up within
the last few weeks."
"We admit that we have no State
leagues, which Mr. Langhenry says are
necessary," said Mrs. L. C. Waithsmuth,
"but I fall to see Just why these things
are necessary to a national congress.
There were women bowlers in Cleveland,
Brooklyn, New York and In Toledo, with
whom we corresponded and who wished to
attend the congress. But they have not
bowled in public and felt a certain diffi
dence about appearing before the large
numbers of spectators who would attend
such an event, and they did not come.
But we are very successful nevertheless.
We have already $200 in the treasury and
our receipts at the door average $50 every
day."
CHICAGO, Jan. 10.— The American
Bowling Congress has refused to recog
nize the women's tournament as national,
and the promoters of the latter feel-ag
grieved. Those in power in the American
Bowling Congress say that the women are
holding a local tournament, and that their
gathering has no right to its claim of be
ing national. :
At a Business Meeting of the Ameri
can Congress New Officers Are
Chosen for the Ensuing
Year.
Declare Their Tournament
at Chicago Is Not
National.
BOWLERS DENY
WOMEN'S CLAIMS
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— The suit brought
by Anton J. Dlttmar, the New York law
yer, as assignee of Asher Werthelmer, the
London bric-a-brac dealer, to enjoin the
trustees of the estate of the late Jay
Gould from paying over to the Countess
de Castellane any portion of the income
of her share of the estate, was called In
the Supreme Court to-day on an applica
tion to continue, pending the trial of the
action, a temporary injunction issued by
Justice Fitzgerald preventing the Goulds
from sending any money to their sister.
By an agreement between counsel, the
Goulds have been permitted to send to
tbe Countess J19.S00 a month for the last
two months. .
Mr. Utermeyer of counsel for Dittmar
presented an affidavit to-day from
wertheimer, giving detailed accounts of
all the articles sold by him to the Castel
lanes and alleging that they were worth
all that wa's charged for them. Annexed
to this affidavit • Mr. Werthelmer has
placed much of the correspondence that
passed between himself and Count de
Castellane. In the earlier ¦ letters the
Count acknowledges the receipt of goods
ordered by him and agrees to Battle as
alleged by Mr. Werthelmer in his affi
davit. Interest, says the Count, on all
credit purchases is to be reckoned at four
per cent per annum.
ftv several letters the Count pleads the
Spanish-American war as an excuse for
not meeting his obligations. He says
"that his income is delayed by the war.
In one letter the Count assures Mr. Wert
helmer that this income will shortly in
crease and that the recipient knows that
as soon as the Count has a few "sous'
they will be at thq disposal of . the
. In a letter dated London, April 6. 1899.
the Count writes that he has made an
arrangement with his brother-in-law by
which Mr. Werthelmer's bill will be paid
in eight days. In a letter written in
January. 1900. the Count ' asked Wert
heimer to discontinue legal proceedings,
saying that he was about to visit America
to realize on certain securities for the
benefit of his creditors. The Count
offered, to sell, on his return from
America, a, portion of his furniture,
taking in payment the drafts held by
Wertheimer signed by* the Count.
PROTEST AGAINST THE
COMMUTATION OF SENTENCE
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Jan. 10.— The attor
ney for Rosslyn i, Ferrell made a formal
application before a special session 'of the
State ;Board of Pardons, called for that
purpose to-day, for the commutation of
the sentence of Ferrell to life imprison
ment. Ferrell is now In the Ohio peniten
tiary under sentence pf electrocution for
the murder of Express Messenger Charles
Lane. Voluminous protests • were filed by
the express company. Including signa
tures from prominent express men every-
Letters of the Count to the
London Dealer Put in
Evidence. x
BONTS RELIANCE
ON GEORGE GOULD
"Sloan was a great favorite over In
England. He is a wost extraordinary
rider. He is a beautUul, graceful rider,
too. He has accomplished some wonder
ful feats. Facts are stubborn things and
in the case of Sloan the facts, In so far
as his «tiumphs are concerned, are there.
They speak for themselves. I tried to set
the young Jockey to ride for me once, but
he had another engagement.
"Do I think he will ever rfiJe In England
again? Well, even if I knew I would not
feel like expressing myself. Personally
I would like to see Sloan back on the
English turf again. I take men as I find
them, and I have found him to be all
r In speaking of the differences in Amerl-
"W. Broderick Cloete, an English turf
man, is at the Palace. He is enjoy
ing a pleasure trip around the world.
He will sail for Japan on the next steam
ship. Mr. Cloete is the owner of a string
of seventy or more thoroughbreds and a
dozen of them are now in training' for the
handicap races which begin at Lincoln
Park in March. Mr. Cloete's trainer 13
also the trainer of the Prince of Wales'
horses. One of his best racers is Green
Ivy, who has carried oil many big stakes.
Mr. Cloete was asked for an opinion on
the Sloan affair. "I don't know a thing
about It," he said. "All I know Is what
I have seen in the papers. If Sloan says
he has received no official notice of the
decision it would lndl-.-ate that the report
of his disbarment was incorrect.
can and English racing JXr. Cloete said:
"There are three points in an American
Jockey's riding: which. In my opinion, give
him an advantage over the English rider.
First, he gets off in better season. There
is a lack of spirltednuss on the part of
the English Jockey in getting his horse
into line.
"Second, the American Jockey gets out
of the wind. H» accomplishes this by
leaning forward In his saddle. The Eng
lish rider sits almost bolt upright, thereby
subjectlng himself lo the wind, which
must necessarily impede swiftness.
"Third, the American uses a short stir
rup, which enables him to bear his weigh'
upon the horse's shoulder instead of h!s
back, and this point. I believe. Is a most
important one. The horse feels the weight
less with a rider sitting in this sr>osltion
and It also allows a awing of body impos
sible with the rider sitting upright."
Mr. Cloete was asked why the English
men do not follow the American example
in respect to the points noted. "Because,"
said he, "our trainers are averse to it.
They are not as intelligent as your train
ers and these things have to be brought
to them by degrees. It would not do for
us to try and dictate to them too much.
They are the trainers and they are held
'responsible for th© work of their Jocke>-3.
Recently the short stirrup has been Intro
duced and I believe the qjther changes will
be made- in time."
After visiting Japan Mr. Cloete will re
turn to England in time to attend the Lin
coln races. v
W. Brodrick Cloete, Leading British Turf
man, Praises Yankee Riders.
WARM WORDS OF PRAISE
FOR JOCKEY TOD SLOAN
CINCINNATI. Jan. 10.— The Jeffries-
Ruhlin fight on February 15 has not yet
been declared off by the Saengerfest
Athletic Association of Cincinnati, but
late to-night the sentiment seems stronger
than ever that the fight will not come off
here, and that It will be declared oft with
in the next twenty-four hours.
"While the directors of the Saengerfest
Athletic Club are not in session to-night,
some of them are with their attorneys
and their opponents are also engaged with
counsel. Under the Ohio statutes It Is
claimed that the contest will be held to
be a felony, and that even if it was only
a sparring match it could not be given
under the auspices of the Saengerfest
Club, which was organized for the pur
pose of conducting this fight only, and
which is not a standing organization for
the development of athletics, etc But
while counsel for the directors and for
the various organizations opposing them
are rendering opinions on the statutes and
on the decisions of the Supreme Court,
the real element that is generally consid
ered as the one against having" the fight
here is political, and it includes leaders
who have seldom taken part in such con
troversies.
There is much gossip on the street to-
night about the pleadings of these lead
ers to Mayor Flelschmann. The sporting
fraternity is offering odds tnat the fight
will be declared off, and even that Mayor
Flelschmann will not Issue his permit on
the ground that he cannot legally do so
under the advice of counsel. The Mayor
made his promise without consulting the
corporation counsel or other attorneys.
The directors of the Saengerfest Athletic
Association were in session from. 10 a. m.
until 1 p. m.. and after adjournment an
nounced that they had not considered the
question of declaring the fight off. but
that they had been in consultation with
their attorneys on plans for redress
against those who have circulated false
reports about the fight being declared off.
The directors met again at 4 p. m. with
their attorneys, and at 6 p. m. handed out
to members of the press, who were await
ing the result of their action, the follow
ing statement, which is said to have been
prepared by legal counsel and unani
mously adopted by the directors:
"In relation to the proposed contest an
nounced for February 15, the board of di
rectors authorized the following state
ment:
"After a cession with their counsel they
have not changed their position one bit.
and any announcement that the contest is
off is in no way authorized."
No Permit Yet Issued for the Jeffries-Ruhlin
Contest in Cincinnati.
WILL VERY PROBABLY
DECLARE THE FIGHT OFF
QEORGE BTERS. colored middle
weight pugilist, who arrived in
this city last Tuesday, is now in
active training at the Seal Rock
House on the. beach. On January
38 he will step Into the ring of the Nation
al Sporting Club, face to face with Jack
Root. , :
Byers is a well-proportioned fighter
with muscles that Indicate not bo much
the powerful strength of a heavy man as
the lithe and sinewy fiber of the boxer,
pure and simple. Byers is said to be more
than ordinarily clever, is conceded to have
a good strong punch and above all bears
the reputation of gameuess. His training
will be of the fast and heavy order until
a few days before the fight. He claim*
to be in good condition at the present
time, having worked off all superfluous
flesh before reaching this city.
In- Root Byers wUl find a flstlc oppo
nent who is worthy of any one's cam*.
The ¦ small but shouting betting public
has made Hoot the favorite. Root la a
clever, .-fast and hard-punching fighter
who combines valor with ring discretion.
The bettors will send Root Into the ring
a pronounced favorite.
Boston 'Middleweight Fast Getting Into
Fighting Shape.
GEORGE BYERS IS HARD
AT HIS TRAINING WORK
Mclaughlin selling
stake won by anjou
Lena Beaten but a Neck by the Entry
of Walter Jennings.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 11, 1901.
11
INDIANAPOLIS. Jan. 10.— The seauel to
an attempt made by a mob of white men
last night to drive front Newburc. War
wick County, a negro whoso wife is al
leged to be a white woman, may be an at
tempt to lynch the black man. The negro
moved into the vlllae^ a few days ago.
The report that his wife was a. white wj
man aroused indignation and he was or
dered to leave. He refused to obey the
order and a crowd of thirty or forts'
whites "went to his house and commanded
him to come out. The nesrro fired at the
whites and the shooting became- general.
Sixty shots were tired, but nobody was
wounded. The mob finally retired. The
Sheriff of Warwick County went to the
scene of the trouble and unsuccessfully
urged the latter to leave, the latter declar
ing he would stay In ils house. The ne
rroes of Newburs have congregated at
the cabin, heavily armed, expecting an
attack. A mass race tins of the citizens
will be held this morning.
The slxty-aecond General Assembly of
Indiana convened to-day. Governor-elect
Durbin (Rep.) will bt> inaugurated next
Monday.
Governor Mount, in his fare-well mes*
sage, deplored the brutal lynching* that
have dishonored the 3tata and said:
"The remedy might be found through
the co-operation of good citizens in de
manding a rigid enforcement of the law
and not through mob violence."
The message says of kidnaping:
"Where the kidnapers have no legal or
blood claim, where the abduction la for
ransom or for any other unlawful pur
pose. It should be mada In extreme cases
punishable by death 'or imprisonment for
life." *¦
CENTRALIA, 111., Jan. .10.— The stran-
ger who committed suicide In Duncan's
Hotel here has been identified as Dr. E.
Jay Swanson, a former -phjwlclan of Sac-
ramento, Cal. .The ' Identification came
about through. Mrs. .Swanson : sending
money with ' which • to bury ' him ' without
statint; who he was.
It's all up. with some men.whcnthey get
down in the world. .^HMBSH
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Cnlurn.
AHlIi3ORN~IiOTEL. 121 Grant ave,— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance; lirge rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms 60c up: first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK H.ouse, 1*8 Sixth— Jkomi Us
to XI per night; Jl SS to S5 per week, and light
housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. JC6 Market (old No. 1J8O— Fur-
rlshed nns.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. f:o iThe E!k)— Nloely furnished sunny
rrr.E: <!cy, I5c up; vrls... Jl to up. Mrs. P. Ranft.
••CLINTON," 17 Polk. nr. Mkt.— Finely fern.,
en eurte. single; reasonable; hot, cold water.
ELKGANTLY furnished rooms at reasonable
rr:ces. centrally located, at the Warren,
Kcurth ar.d Jessie sts. ¦¦• ;
ELLIS. TtS— Large front rocm for 1 cr 2 gen-
tlemen; rent reasonable.
F.IJJS. 7C5— Xewly furnished room; private
family; use of placo and parlor; $7.
FIFTH, rS4— FurniFhed rear room fcr French
lady. $J: housekeeping If desired.
FOI.SOM, ZZ&— Large bay-window front room,
nicely furnished with "all conveniences, fcr
2 gentlemen; private family.
FOLSOM. S34— 11 15 a week; sur.ny front fur-
nished room; closet; bath; private. Call by
£ p. ra.
GEARY, 40a(The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rmi; suites or flr^ie; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, toutheast corner Serenth
and Mirslcn eta. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle; lailes' parlor; reading-room: elevator.
JESSIE. ??3. near Fifth and Market— Furnlsh-3
rocm*. U and I".; housekeeping, $9.
LAS FAI.MAS, 1$X> Market et.— Suite cf 2 or J
rrr.s; private; bath: Fin. rms; board optional.
LEWIS place. IS— Furnished and unfurnished
rrv>n:e to let: single or «n rulte.
MINNA. H7. bet. SJ and 4th (New York House)
Single, double and housekeeping rooms.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market et.— Nicely
furr.iphed room?. S2 a week up: 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, ?J — Sunny furnished rooms anfl
offices: elevator; e>etrlc lights; day. »k.. rr.o.
P.nsEDALE House, 513-SC1 Ellis et.— norm*.
r.ljrht. S5c to II: week. SI IS to ?4; open night.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis et.— Incandescent lig*f,
readir.g-room, emokinS-room and ladies' par- J
lor; rooms, per night, S5c to fl V): week. $2 to j
f*: month. $S to tZQ: elevator on ground floor; j
rooms »rith hot and cold water; baths. :
E HERMAN Apartment House. t% Elgtth St.,
rear Market— Furr.ished cr urfurnished.
SL'TTER, ?2f*i— Changed har.is; newly reno- |
vated; glng'.e rooms, tS: cultcf. ?12 to tS mo. j
SUTTER, fTS-Oor.ver.'er.t. wc!I -furnished Iront j
o'flees cr df-*!rable llvlrc rooms.
VAN NEPS eve.. 14C<1 ar.i 14'3. NW. cor. I>u*h j
— Elerant tunny suites and apartments for ]
h<-i:yekeepirg: private bath?, telephone, elec- i
trlr !:rtts: run all tar: gas ra^es; running ]
in «»\-ery r^orr. : will be arranged, clean- \
e<i, painted and r.^wiy furr.ithed to euft.
A BRANCH tff.ee fcr Call advertisements ar.d j
Fubscrlptlons hts been established at 1CSS
Vs.Ier.cla sr
CLASSIFIED advert "5e1r.er.ts ar.a subscriptions
iwc^vcii -it <^.t!t braodi BltJe*. •2'w Fillmore Ft. |
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the cM EteT-er.fcn mar.f'on, cpp. Grace
Church, with annex fO7 California st.. may
I'p frur.d a nn«t exceptionally good table, at-
tractive ztA f'.ehtly rocms at modest rates.
I3I.I.IP. T73 — Rooir.5 an1 board for 1 or 2 gen-
•'•n.T: !*rr.' reasonable.
ROOMS AM) UOARD WANTED.
JIHTHKR and dauphter desire sunny suite with
Vam, in private ;arr;ily, centrally located.
Box IOTZi <"g,n cSce.
y< 'UNO rr.an Just discharged from army woulj
like room an<l board; hom» comforts; will
ray In advance. Box ?€7. Call office.
ROOBIS WANTED.
V."ANTEr> — L!ght housekeeping room bounded
by Po!k. Powell, Poft and ilarket 6ts.; or
*r"ii 4th to 11th on Mission or Howard; pri-
vate farcily rrelerred; price \%. Box 1GS3,
SPECIAL XOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Oa^han Asylum and Home
Kijciety hereby gives notice that they have
admitted Into the Orphanage from July 1. iS'iO.
to December SI. W*i, the following named or-
phans and haif-orphans, beys and girl3:
Katie Stein, 12 yrs. 2 mos.; Julia Stein, 10 yrs.
f mos.; Ida Stein. % yrs. 3 mcs.: A. H. Frar.k.
:' yr«. & mos.; Edna Frank, 10 yrs. ; Freder-
ick Bebereall. 10 yrs. 9 mom.: I>ora Levy. J
vr*. T icos. ; Lciis Lei-y. 7 jxs. 10 mos. ; Jacob
6haphran. ID yrs. 3 nscs.; Earn Shaphran. S I
yrs.; Ar.nie ghaphran. 6 yre. 2 mos.; Esther j
Fr-nntn, 10 yrs. £ mos.; Erta Fcrman, 7 yrs. j
€ mos. : Bertha Forman. 5 rrs. 2 mos. ; Mollie
K^rrr.an, S >-rs. € mcs. ; F"ranlc Ehaphrau, 4 yr».
£ mo£. ; Mary L«.ser, E yrs. J act.; Augusta
Laser, € >ts. 11 mos.; Cel'.a Laser, 10 yrs. S
mos.
JCOTICE is hereby iciven that the Maria Kip
Orphanage. £20 LeJce st.. San Francisco. Cal..
has received the following orphans. cne-ha!f
orphan and abandoned girls from Oct. 1.
1&00. to Jan. 1. 19C1. Elizabeth M. Godwin. £
years 4 mar.tht: Mabel Godwin. 7 years <
months: Grace E. Godwin. 5 years: Hildreth
Clark. 13 years: LI'.lian E. Wood. 11 years 2
norths; Elbe! Wood. 8 years 7 months; Lau-
ra Echultz, S years 6 months: Myrtle Medlen
11 years 2 month*; Hazel W. West. E years:
E. Blyth. $• year* 6 month?: Edith
M. Clmhier. 8 years 7 raor.ths; Ruth Clothier,
S yearp S month*.
SAD ttr.ar.ts ejected for J4: collections made;
oity or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Mor.t^omery et.. rooms 9-10; tel. E5SO.
CTirAPEST as 4 b*st in America— The Weekly
*'aH, "6 pages, sent to any address in the
. T'r.'.Tf-a States or Car.ada one y^ar for fl.
FEWIXG MACHINES AM> SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds boujrht. soli ana repalrlr.5 pjaran-
te«?d. Charles Plambeck. 1515 Mission, nr. Uth.
A ' kinds bousrht. sold, rented, ezchan^red, re-
paired; open even.: fh'.ne Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, Fold, rented, re paired; nee4W an1
FhuttlPg; reduced rates. 143 6th: phone Mint 5.
SLOT .MACIIINF.S.* ¦
PLOT machlr.e5— Latest style: $40 *ach. 1167
Market Ft., bet. Pex-rnth and Elrhth.
STORAGE AXO WAREHOUSES.
riEUCE-RnDOLPH Storage and Mox-lng^CoT;
<-ifRre. Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main S713.
V.'II^FON BROS., storage and moving; covered
vaiiF. Tenth ar.-i Market X phone fJ<»uth 7€2.
BKKIXP Van ar.fl Ptorare Co.. 722 Mission si.;
XjA. Main ttIO; Bhipptag at cut rates.
TELEPHONES.
TELEPHONES, hous" < r private line*", $4 50 a
set: rit-cirical work ir^talied. 1T.36 Pt. Lobo*.
TVPEWniTEIlS A\D SIPPLIES.
GREAT BAR'^ATNT^TTPEWniTEnS^We
*e!i better machines for le*« money than any
houM In the riry; rentals, 13. The Typewriter
Exchange, C36 California; telephone ilnin 2G6.
ALWAYS bargains tn typewriters; any make.
Write for prices to L. & M. ALEXANDER.
"10 MontE/'mery *t. •> - -•
DISSOLUTION OF PARTXEnSIIIP.
CAN" rRANClicoTDec. »' l^O^TnTflrnT^ere^
tcfore exlstinjr under the'name and style of
BOYE & 1IAHENICHT Is this day dissolved
by mutual consent, GEORGE HABENICHT
havlnK purchased the entire assets and nega-
tives cf said firm The eald GEORGE HABE-
NICHT has ai-sumed all the liabilities of said
firm and all the debts due said firm will be
raid to call GEORGE HABElflCHT.
O. H. BOTE.
c.KO. HAREXICHT.
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
DIVIDEND~notic*— DMd7nT7.'oT"l7*'(twenty-
fne cfnta p*r share) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Co. wiil be payable at the office
of the company. 227 Market *t.. on and alter
TUESDAY. January 15. 150L Transfer books
closed on Thursday. Jar.uary 10. at 3 o'clock
p. tn. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary
T'JVIDEND NOTICE.— The Nevada National
Bank of Ban Francisco.— At a rerular meetlne
of the Beard of Directors of this Bank, held
January «. 15C1. a dividend was declared for
the half-year, endins 21st December, 15C0. at
the rate of eeven '7) per cent per annum, pay-
able on and after the lEth inst. Transfer
booka will be closed from the ltth to the lEth
!nst.. both days Inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
January 8, 1WL
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. S7 (twen-
ty-flve cents per share) of the HutchlnEon
Fugar Plantation Company will be payable
at the ofnee of the company, 827 Market «t-.
Fan Francisco. Cal.. on and after Monday.
January 21. W>1. Transfer books close on
Tuesday, January 15, IM1. at t o'clock p. m.
E. H FHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
V. 6. ENGINEER Office. Flood building.
San Francieco, Cal.. January *. 1S0L— Sealed
: ... 'o - for building wine; dams in Sacra-
Pmento River, between Sacramento, Cal., and
mouth of river, will be received here until
12 noon February 18. 190L Information on
application. W. II. HEUER, Lieut. CoL En-
rir.eere. ¦
V. S. ENGINEER Office. Flood building.
Fen Francisco. Cal.. January 8. 1901.— Sealed
proposais for building- eteam ve#sel will
be received here until 12 m.. February «.
J?C1, «nd then opened. Information funrt»hed
<r application. CHAS. E. L. U DAVIS,
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Thomas J. Sherry. 39, » Petaluma, and Anole
H-Reed, 25. 2222 Eighteenth street.
Charles E. Shields, 23, S44B Howard street,
and Gertrude L. Ritchie, 20, 1103 Montgomery.
Mathlaa Schneider, SS £21 Oortland avenue,
and Cell* Gatler. <L 4086 Folsom street.
Harry G. Brown, 82. 218A Turk street, and
Katie J. Zeek, 28. 225 Linden avenue.
Ernest J. Schmidt, 25. 119 Fourth street, and
Emily 8. Cusney, 22. 119 Fourth street.
TMlllam W. c. Lipsett. 28, city, and Ada B.
Bartlett, 25 Oakland.
John C. Vile, 83, 60 Boardman place, and
Margaret Gough. 27, 4<6 Ninth street.
Cary T. Scott, 25. 76 South Park, and EJvelyn
•Weed. 25. Oakland. . ..
Laurence G. Lee, 25, Cedros Island, and M.
Ada Kelson. t4. city. _
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
* ' '
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices # and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the tame published.
, BORN.
DUXXEGBX-In this city, January J, 190L to
th© wife of John Dunnesen. & son.
FIELD— In this city, January 10, 1901. to the
wife ef 3. J. Field, a daughter.
MacCASKIE— In this city, January 10, 1901, to
the wife of James H. MacCaakle. twin daugh-
ters.
VALENZCELA— In this city, January 8, 1901,
to the wife cf E. B. Valeniuela. a son.
MARRIED.
I ARNHE1M— MERRILL— In Oakland, January
6. INI, by Rabtl M. Friedlander, Abraham
Amhelm of Fan Francisco and Mynetta Adel
M«rr'.Il of Oakland.
DIED.
BorroBey. George Long. Louisa P.
Butler. James MacCackle (infant)
Oiler. Michael Moulthrop. Carrie
Dtan. John J. Mueller, William
Pallamore. Elizabeth Pique, Frances
De Gro^f. Jennie Ramsden, Peter C.
Faraday, Jeartle B. Randall. Robert
Furrie. John R. Rpdinrton, Francis
K<^rbe?, Clarence L. Pheehan. Daniel
F. rd. Matthew W. Smith, Edward S.
Fors»H. Elfrida M. Smith. Joseph W.
Jar-cbs. Louis C. Sullivan. David
Kearny. James Vietheer. Norcna
BORROEET— la this city. January 10, ISO,
G*oree Borrosey, father of Mrs. Harry Ob-
eood of San Francisco and Mrs. John Helm
of Crockett. Cal.. a native of Gre«ce, aged
70 years.
BUTLER— In the City and County Hospital,
January 10, 1S01, James Butler, a native of
Ireland, aeed 11 years.
CELLER— In this city. January 10, 1S01, ITleh-
a#l Celler, beloved husband of the late Rosa
Celier, and father of Mrs. S. I. Slnjon, Mrs.
A. Zirkw of Merced and Samuel and Mark
Celler. a native of Germany.
DALUMORE- In Oakland. January 10. 1901.
Elizabeth Dallamore. a native of Bath. Eng-
land, aged 45 years 11 1r.0r.iKs and 12 days.
DEAN— In Haywards. January 9, 1901, John
J. Dean, beloved husband of Johanna Dean,
ar.1 father of l>r. A. J. Dean, a native of
County K«-ry, Ireland, aged 60 years and S
months.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlt-d to attend the funeral this day
> Friday), at 5:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, thence to the All Saints' Church. |
where a requiem mars will be celebrated for
tbe rejK>se of his soul. Interment Haywards
Catholic Cemetery.
DE GROOF— In this city. January 1\ 1501. Jen-
n'p-de Qroof, beloved sister of Mrs. K. Ed-
itjr-i?. a native of Brooklyn, N. Y-. aged S3
:Brs 5 months and 3 days. (Brooklyn, N.
\t; paTTS please copy.)
(TTFriends ar.d acquaintances are respec'-
' fully Invited to attend th* funeral to-morrow
! <S?tur(3ay), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
I i.nrlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street, ln-
I tfrment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
1 FARADAY— In this city. January lft. 1901,
; Jcanle B. Faraday, beloved daughter of T>an-
I lei and Annie Mclntyre, ami sister of Mrs.
Frar.k Rowe and Archie. Arthur and Walter j
! Mclntyre, a native of Vallfjo, Cal., aged 17 1
j year* 2 months and 25 days.
1 FAKP.IS — In Alameda. January 10. 1501. John
I It., beloved husband of Harriet S. B. Karris.
', and father of Edward R. and Homer R- Far-
i rLs a native of VirKlnia, aged To years.
I FORBES— In Oakland, January 10, 1501, Clar-
1 mre Lerr>y Forbes, beloved infant son of
J^Hraii and A. W. Forbes, a native of Oak-
land, «ged 3 months and 15 days.
FORD— In the City and County Hospital, Janu-
i ary 9, 1501, Matthew. W. Ford, a native of
j N'ew York, aged £3 years.
1 FORSELL— In this city. January 10. 1901. El-
frida M., beloved daughter cf Gus and Hilda j
ForseM, a. native of San Francisco, aped 5 j
months and 19 days.
CL7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
fSaturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 1214 Clara street, near
Fifth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
JACOBS— In Oroville, January 6. 1901, Louis C.
Jacobs, dearly beloved hueband of Daisy Ja-
cob*, and dearly beloved son of Simon Jacobs
of Alameda, aged 41 years.
KEARNY— In Oakland. January 9, 1901. James,
I beloved father of John J. and Mamie Kearny,
a\ native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 63
years.
LONG— In this city, January 8, 1JC1, Louisa
I Perry, beloved wife of George Searley Long,
I ar.d mother of Louisa 6., George 8. and Mary
S. Long, a native of England, aged C5 years
2 months and 4 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
I (Friday), at 1:SO o'clock, from her late resi-
I der.ee. €76 Church street, between Eighteenth
: and Nineteenth. Interment Cypress Lawn
j Ometcry. by electric funeral caV from corner
\ cf Eighteenth and Church streets,
i MacCAFKIE— In this city. January 10, 1901. ln-
i fart daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Mac-
Caskle.
SIOULTHROP-In this city, January Iff. 1301.
Carrie, beloved wife of C. TV. Moulthrop.
E7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
I MUELLER— In this city. January 9, 1901, "Wil-
liam, dearly beloved husband of Augueta
Mueller, father of William Jr., Elsie. Walter
and Otto Mueller, and brother. of Mrs. H.
Iiampe and John H. Mueller, a native of
Bremcrvoerde. Germany, aged S3 years 9
months and '3 days.
CTFrlenas and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
i 'Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
! dence, S23 Greenwich street, corner of Jones,
! thence to California Hall, 630 Bush street,
f where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Bremervoerde Vereln, commencing at
l:3'i o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
PIQUE— In this city, January 9, 150L Frances
I*jf,ue, widow of the late Professor E. Pique.
en'l beloved mother (adopted) of Mrs. H. M.
Ames Jr., a native of Oxford, England, aged
20 years.
CTFriends ere invited to attend the funeral
eervices this day <Frlday). at 2 o'clock, at
th» residence of her daughter. Mrs. H. M.
; Am*-s Jr., 1033 Laguna street. Interment pri-
| vate.
RAMPDEX— In this city, January 9. 1901. Peter
C. infant Eon of Peter and Lizzie Ramsden.
a J.ative 1 of Son Francisco, aged 1 day.
RANDALL— In this city, January 10, 1901. Rob-
at Randall, father of Mrs. George Wheeler,
a native of New York, aged S3 years.
RKDINGTOX— In this city, January 8. 1901,
Francis, dearly beloved husband of Margaret
I Redington. loving father of Annie and Katie
I Redinjrton, Mrs. W. P. Blake and Mrs. Peter
1 KeMy Jr., and brother of Joseph Redington,
I a native of Kings County. Ireland, aged 64
f years and 6 months.
it^T Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Saturday), et 1:30 o'clock, from his late
1 residence. 262 Fell street, thence to St. Jo-
! eeph's Church, Tenth street, neer Howard, ¦
j where a requiem high mass will be cele-
tested for the repoee of his soul, commencing
i at !< o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
! tery-
EHliEHAK— In this city. January 9, 1901, Dan-
iel Sheehan. a . native of Ireland, aged 81
years.
BMITH-In this city, January 10, 130L Edward
Sutton Smith, husband of Lucy Smith, and
eon of Mrs. L. B. Ayres and the late A. J.
Smith, a native of California, aged 55 years
1 month and 6 days. A member of the Team-
sters' Union, r
f£T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, HI5 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. January 10. 1301. Joseph
\\\. beloved son of J. R. and the late Mary
A Smith, and brother of Thomas J., John J.,
Charlie, George and the late Martin F.
Erolth. a native of 8t. Louis, ared S3 years.
EXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
tally invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of bis parents, 620 Bryant 6treet, thence to
St Rose's Church, for services at 10 o'clock,
interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, January «, 1901,
David beloved eon of the late Nuh J. and
Mary Sullivan, and brother of Daniel, Willie,
Llwle and Edward Sullivan. Mrs. Robert
EtackSeith and Mrs. Charles Schiller, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 16 years and 10
m c3rF*riends aad acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
/Friday) at 2 o'clock, from tbe residence of
his sister. Mrs. Charles Bchlller. TJ Zoe street.
thenc« to St. Rose's Church for service*,
commencing at 2:S0 o'clock. Interment Mount
Cal.ary Cemetery.
VIETHEER-In this city, January 10, 1901,
Norma. beloved wife of John Vietheer. and
sinter of Mrs. M. Wisbey aad Madge and
John Crowley, a native of San Jose. Cal.,
aced 30 years 3 months and 17 days.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. .
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALUER3.
£8 Fifth et., opposite Lincoln School. . .
Telephone South 80.
McAVOY A. CO.. f
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1229 Market et.. between Sth and ath. * I
Telephone South 247. I
BINCIDENTAL TO A SEARCH FOR INFORMATION CONCERNING MRS. KINCAID'S TITLE.
Associated Charities to Meet.
The annual meeting of the Associated
Charities will be held to-night in the Ma
ple room of the Palace. AcUlresses -will
be delivered by Rev. Dr. Radtr on "The
Relation of the Churches to Associated
Charity work." Rev. F. W. Clampett on,
"Cbaxity Organization in Baltimore" and
Dr. Dorothea Moore on ".Friendly Visit
ing Among the Poor."
The guests at the Russ House who hap
pened to be In tha dining-room at lunch
hour "Wednesday were given a treat not
down on the bill of fare. Recently tha
waiters began to show a lack of Interest
In their work. Even a sharp calling down
failed to accomplish the desired end and
Manager Harrison concluded to dispoae of
the entire force.
He didn't want to give them notice, for
he believed the men might quit in the
midst of a meal. So he made hla plans
accordingly. Soon after the lunch hour
commenced yesterday and while the old
staff of waiters unsuspiciously perambu
lated about the dining-room taking tha
guests' orders the front doors swung open
and in marched a squad of colored gentle
men.
Proprietor Harrison had calculated welL
It was not necessary for him to tell the
white fellows that tUir services were no
longer needed. They took the hint, let
fall their trays, glares and napkins and
made tracks for the bacK door. Tha
cashier was on hand, so they didn't have
to come back. «
Meanwhile the colored waiters had
donned their uniforms and the lunch pro
ceeded without further Interruption. ThiJ
is the first time In forty years that colored
waiters have been employed In the Ru.«
House. »
When the JDarktown Brigade Comes
in Front Door the White Boys
Make Hurried Exit by
Rsar Entrance.
Employes at the Russ House
Take Offense at Col-
WAITERS RESIGN
WITHOUT NOTICE
Experienced Clerks Appointed.
Tax Collector Scott has appointed Par
ker Jones, William J. Tierney, Homer C.
Warren and Rudolph Albora from the
civil service eligible list as clerks.
A room 20 feet square is comfortably
heated in cold weather by the new "B.
and B." Heaters, handsome, cafe, odor
less, easily moved. Price $3 75 to $5 00. Na
tban-Dohrroann Co.. 122-132 Sutter St.
Desmond's Bank Book.
The report that a bankbook showins a
deposit . of $15,000 bad been stolen from
John Desmond, the aged laborer who was
found dead in the basement at 762 Bran
nan street Wednesday, has been investi
gated by a .deputy from the Public Ad
ministrator's office and a deputy from
the Morgue and has been proved au ex
aggeration. A bankbook was found in the
cellar, but it contained records of de
posits amounting to only $100. The book
has been taken possession of by Public
Administrator Boland. .
Apportionment of School Fund.
The State Superintendent of Public In
ftruction notified the Auditor yesterday
that the apportionment for the San Fran
cisco County echoois win be $512,937 62.
l^aft year's apportionment was $530,055 68,
a. falling off of about J17.000. The money
belonging to the State school fund subject
to apportionment is $2..IT.8.329 09 on a basis
-jT a total enrollment o? S61.153 census chil
dren, of which San Francisco has 75,554.
Truth and Experience Alike
oint to Evans Ale and Stout as the best
everages for all occasions. All dealers.*
Champagne Imports in 1000.
The appreciation of the remarkably fine
quality of G. H. MUMM'S EXTRA DRY
coming to this market is best illustrated
by the phenomenal imports in, 1900 of 119,
441 cases, or 7933 more than any other
brand. ¦ •
GRAHAM FALLS BEHIOT)
JUDGE DATNGEHFUXD
Counsel Representing the Contestant
Expect Big Gain in tie Forty-
Second District.
Judge Thomas F. Graham's plurality of
276 votes ever Jufl^e William R. Dainger
n>ld Is gone, and, more than that. Judge
Dair.gerfield now leads In the contest by
three votes. When the recounting of bal
lots began yesterday Judge Dainrerfleid
¦was three votes behind • his opponent.
Each precinct counted during the day de
veloped a difference In favor of ona or
the other candidate. In five of the nine
precincts counted Graham gained votes
but Dainirerfleld pickeo. up a greater gain
In the other four. At the end of tne day's
recount he had made a net gain of six
votes, which places him in the lead by
three votes, and at least places the candi
dates on an equal footing at this time for
the remainder of the recount.
Counsel representing Judge Dalncerfleld
expect to make a big gain In the Forty
second District. In that district there
wore many supporters of Judge Bahrs
and this fact leads the contestant's coun
sel to believe that it will be found that
on many ballots fiv« long term, instead c£
four long term and one snort term Judees
were voted for. This error, which has re
sulted in many ballots being thrown out
they belie\ - e. will work more In the fa
vor of their client than !n favor of Judr e
Graham, for the reason that the major
ity of Bahrs* supporters were Republicans
and voted t~e Repub.ica;. ticket, support
ing him as well as the other RepuDlican
cantuu ates :or the Superior bench and
hence their errors will not Injure bain
tjerfield. w..o & a 'emocrat.
The recount goes on again to-day.
Interesting reports were received yes
tf^day by the stockholders of the Spring
Valley Water Company. These repre
sented all the departments of the com
pany's work. They were embodied In
President Charles Webb Howard's annual
report. In addition to this the officers for
the current year were elected. Charles
Webb Howard, who has held the position
over a quarter of a century, was again
made -president, A. EL Payson was 're
elected vice president and S. C. Blgelow.
C. de Guigne, H. S. King, Thomas Brown
and F. J. Symmes directors.
President Howard's report dealt with
the finances and also the work of de
velopment in the past twelve months that
has been performed by the company. The
income from water rates for the year was
$1,884,752 34. From other sources the total
income was $41,954 93. The operating ex
penses amounted to $423,609 52; coupon In
terest to $5S6,500 and the Interest on the
floating debt to $24,123 32. The item' of
taxes President Howard called attention
to. The amount paid was $226,660 02. The
assessment was raised $2,000,000 by the As
sessor of the city and county of San
Francisco some months after the time
for fixing the water rates. - ¦ •' .*. .
Twelve dividends of 42 cents each were
declared, which was equivalent to 5- per
cent in the total. The amount was $7U5,
600. Altogether there was paid out $39,
7S5 in excess of the receipts, the Increase
in the company's assessment for taxes
being the cause.
. President Howard spoke of the rainfall.
During the last three years the total rain
fall was only 44.55 inches, an average of
14.85 per annum. Taking a period of fifty
previous years, the average annual rain
fall had been 25 inches. The three dry
years demonstrated the wisdom of storing
a three years' supply. Anything less in
store would mean disaster. There was
not a good outlook for a wet winter, the
report said, but the supply would be suf
ficient for the city.
Speaking of tne Improvements of the
year. President Howard said that, in addi
tion to the large gravel filter constructed
at Sunol, considerable work had been
accomplished, consisting of flume and
pipe laying and also the construction of a
Bcreenhouse at Niles. The filter and
aqueduct have increased the daily supply
by 3,000,000 gallons and the -total daily
water supply from the Sunol country now
amounts to 10,000,000 gallons. An addi
tion has been made to the pumping plant
at Seventeenth street for. the benefit of
the Clarendon Heights districts. ' ,
A trestle* has also been built across
Islais Creek on piers with forty-four-inch
wrought iron plpe.to take the place of the
old pipe. An extension from the trestle
on land owned by the company has been
made In both directions, aggregating- 1325
feet. Connection will be made with the
forty-four-inch main from University
Mound Reservoir. Pipe has also been
laid across Army street to take the placs
of the old one. The distributing system
in San Francisco has been largely in
creased.
Increase of Three Millions
Gallons Per Day From
Over the Bay.
SAN FRANCISCO
WATER SUPPLY
On the advice of his attorney. Auditor
Wells decided yesterday to withhold pay
ment of two demands for overpaid taxes
on alleged erroneous assessments. The
first calls for the return of $1056 23 taxes
on a personal property valuation of $63,
000 charged against Abby M. Parrott on
the Emporium property. Mrs. Parrott
claimed that the item of $65,000 was in
cluded in her assessment on improve
ments calling for $765,000, while the tax
thereon had already been paid by the Cen
tral Light and Power Company for its
electric machinery and fixtures.
The Supervisors passed a resolutions
which was signed by the Mayor, directing
the Auditor and the Treasurer to refund
the $1056 25. The Auditor has discovered
that it is an illegal claim, because only
one installment of taxes has been paid by
Mrs. Parrott, and even ir tne claim was
valid she would be entitled only to the re
turn of one-half the amount named, or
$528 12. The Auditor holds that there la
nothing on the assessment roll to show
that the assessment was duplicated. Un
der the c"ode defects in form in any as
sessment book may be corrected by the
Assessor only with the written consent
of the City or District Attorney at any
time prior to the sale for delinquent taxes.
The Auditor will also withhold payment
of a claim. for $1625 tiled by the Pacific
Coast Company on an assessment of per
sonal property. The company alleged that
its bookkeeper by a clerical error overas
sessed the property to the extent of $100.
000 on solvent credits. The Auditor finds
nothing in the original statement filed
with the Assessor to show that the com
pany was overassessed. Under the code
the taxes should have been paid under
protest, but this was not done. The reso
lution directing the Auditor to refund the
money was passed by the Supervisors and
signed by, the Mayor on the recommenda
tion of Deputy Assessor Ginty, who ex
amined the company's books. Auditor
Wells says that tncro must be some more
definite reason to warrant the refunding
of the taxes.
Refuses to Refund Taxes
on Alleged Erroneous
Assessments.
AUDITOR DENIES
ILLEGAL CLAIMS
Under the provisions of the act quoted,
a conviction of the company for the es
cape of the Chinese is impossible. The
act provides that any master or owner
of a vessel who knowingly permits any
Chinese to be landed, or who aids and
abets In the same, is guilty of a misde
meanor and may be punished by a line of
not less than $500 for each passenger so
landed. As the Pacific Mail Company did
not knowingly permit the escape of the
Chinese there can be no reasonable excuse
for beginning suit against the company
under the act. 'j
V.'lth respect to your, recommendation that
proceedings be taken against the raciflc Mail
Steamship Company on their bond, you axe
adviped that, if a bond nan been given by the
said company it is doubtless the result of
some action taken by the Collector of Cus
toms for his protection, the department having
no onici.il cognizance of such arrangement.
The case, however, Is one that shows upon
its face a gross neKlisence by the said com
pany. In view of which the matter has been
referred to the Attorney General with the re
quest that proper steps be taken for the con
viction of the company under the provisions of
section 9 of the act approved September 13, 1888.
and the acts supplementary thereto.
Chief Dunn of the Chinese Bureau re
ceived a letter yesterday from Immigra
tion Commissioner Powderly Informing
him that the Pacific Mall Steamship Com
pany is not under bonds for the safe keep
ing of Chinese In the detention shed at
the Mail dock. The letter reads as fol
lows: /
The bureau acknowledges the receipt of your
letter of the 6th ultimo Indorsing a report from
Acting In»r>ector in Charge J. H. Barboiir. of
the escape of eight Chinese persons from the
detention shed at the raciflc Mall dock In
San Francloco.
MYSTEHIOUS BURGI^A-BY
IN AN UPTOWN SALOON
Police Think That Some One Familiar
¦With Premises Is Guilty of
the Act.
A burglary, surrounded with some pe-
culiar features, occurred at the saloon of
F. A. Schou. at the corner of Seventh and
Market streets, between the hours of 2
and 7) o'clock yesterday morning. It is
the opinion of the i>ol;ce that some one
connected with the saloon knows more
about It than he is willing to admit.
It is the habit of Schou to place about
$50 in change in cigar boxes in various
places about his saloon. In one box was
about 523 in gold. In another $20 in nickels
for use in the slot machines, and the
balance of the money was la various de
nominations of silver. But the burglars
knew their business. They left the boxes
and took the coin.
V.'hen the morning oar keeper opened up
he discovered the robbery. Police officers
were called in and they found a peculiar
*tat«» of affairs. The lock of the door on
the Seventh-street side of the saloon was
1 Token— apparently from the inside. An
inner glass door was aiso smashed.
V.'hen the saloon was cleaned up for the
night, the bar was a picture of neatness.
In the morning it looked as if a picnic
had b^en held in the place. Schou sized
up the situation and philosophically took
in the -condition of affairs. While he
mourns the loss of his 550 05. the police
are trying to lay the blame where It be
lonjrs. Scnou Is not inclined to believ*
that any one connected with his place was
concerned in the burglary.
Celena Dupont. the pretty but wayward
daughter of Mrs. Nolan, who lives at 1013
M street. South San Francisco, attempted
suicide Tuesday evening by stabbing her
self with a butcher knife. But for th-i
fact that the blade was deflected by her
corset, she might have succeeded in her
attempt at self-destruction.
The young girl had serious objection to
being taken to the San Francisco Glrl3'
Training Home and wnen Officer McMur
ray of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children came for her she tried
to escape 'the confinement by suicide.
Miss Dupont was employed for many
years by the telephone company. She
had «. predilection for high life and took
every opportunity to enjoy herself. Her
mother saw that she could not control her
daughter, bo she reportea the case to, Sec
retary il. J. White of the Children's So
ciety. She Btated that her daughter had
informed her that she was working on
the night shift at the telephone office,
whereas she had left the corporation's
employ months ago, and was using the
subterfuge Xj> go out at night with bad
companions. Mrs. Nolan eaid she could
do nothing with her daughter, who was
under age, and expressed the wish that
she be placed In some institution.
Police Officer McMiaray visited the
home of the Nolans. Celena was very
Impudent to the officer and told him flatly
that he had no authority to take her
away. McMurray then ordered her to put
on her hat and accompany him, and the
girl went to her room. The officer thought
that the girl might escape by the back
way. but Mrs. Nolan relieved his fears
by telling him it was impossible. He
then suggested that she might do herself
an injury, and he had hardly expressed
the words when a shout was heard from
the kitchen. Mrs. Nolan's son cave the
warning and the mother and officer
niched into the kitchen to ascertain the
cause of the alarm. They then heard
moans from the adjoining room and Mc-
Murray grabbed a lamp and hurried in.
He found Celena lying on the bed with a
knife sticking in her body and for a mo
ment he was disconcerted. - He pulled the
blade out and a hurried examination dis
closed the fact that the girl had been
foiled in her attempt at suicide by a corset
steel. During the examioation Celena
fainted. When Bhe had recovered she
obediently donned her hat and accompa
nied the policeman to the Girls' Training
Home, of which she is ¦ now an Inmate.
Her stepfather is employed by the Market
Street Railway Company.
WAYWARD GIRL
STUBS HERSELF
Ella. Countess Festciics de Tolna. will
henceforth be known as Eila Haggin, the
name of her childhood. She may now be
counted among the daughters of Ameri
can millionaires who have paid for a title
and found that the purchase price was
worse than money thrown away— the
price of misery. She has divorced the
Austrian nobleman whose love for the sea
exceeded his love for her. Had she chosen,
in partial compensation for. her experi
ence, she could have retained her right to
her title free from the burdensome pres
ence of the man who conferred It upon
her. But the emptiness of a title is now
apparent to her and she chooses to resume
the name she was known by as a girl.
The final decree has been sicned and
placed on record. In this decree the
court orders, in addition to other relief
granted, that the prayer of Ella, Countess
Fe=tetic«s de Tolna, to resume her maiden
name be granted. The findings and de-
to End Her Life With
Butcher-Knif«.
*~- ,
Pretty Cilena Dupont Tries
NOT RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE CHINESE
Pacific Mail Company Is Not
Und«r Bonds to Prevent
Escapes.
Those jurors whose names are not en
rolled under the certificate of the County
Clerk will receive no consideration at the
hands of the Legislature and their present
claims will/be lost.
The presentation of the matter to the
Legislature •will resolve Itself into two
Issues— the formation of a bill amending
the old one regarding fees and of a new
one to designate the fund from which they
shall be drawn, and legislation to secure
an appropriation for those demands now
due and payable.
The action was heard in the Superior
Court and judgment given against the
jurors. The Supreme Court sustained the
Judgment of the lower tribunal, holding
that while the statute allowed criminal
jurors $2 per diem, through some over
sight of the legislator who presented the
bill no provision was contained in it fix
ing the fund from which the fees were
payable.
Counsel Prepares Bill for Amendment of
Statute That Caused Trouble.
1 ;
to audit them. One of the jurors had pre
viously presented a claim to the Super
visors on which to base the case. The Su
pervisors refused to allow the demand.
CLAIMS OF JURORS FOR UNPAID
FEES TO GO BEFORE LEGISLATURE
A circular letter has been sent to all
jurymen who have sat In criminal casca
In this city, Informing them that steps
are being taken to present their demands
for fees, of which there are many hun
dred and some amounting to that number
of dollars, to the Legislature, with a view
to obtaining an appropriation for their
liquidation as legal claims against the
city and county.
This will be good news to the claimants,
who had about given up hope of ever see
ing the $2 per day which they think they
should receive.
About a year ago the Auditor refused to
audit the demands of trial jurors In crim
inal cases. These demands amount an
nually to many thousands of dollars. Un
der the statute the jurors claimed $2 per
diem while sitting on a case.
The claimants thereupon associated and
retained the legal services of Attorney
Louis P. Boardman, who filed action for
a writ of mandate to compel the Super
visors to allow the claims and the Auditor
# •4^»I"I"I"I"11»r-l»l"l"I"l"H--I-4-H--H--H
Collector Stratton said yesterday that
the company was not and never had been
under bonds for the safe keeping of the
Chinese m the detention shed.
The United States has two watchmen
specially employed to watch the Chinese
in the shed, and the company has watch
men also. There Is no law permitting the
keeping of the Chinese In the detention
shed .or anywhere else, except upon the
steamer from which they landed. They
have been allowed by the Treasury De
partment to be kept in the shed, merely
as a convenience to the steamship com
pany, and there is no law other than a
treasury regulation authorizing the em
ployment of any of the Federal funds for
the paying of watchmen at the shed.
cree have been added to the Judgment roll
and the case, so far as the Superior Court
is concerned, is concluded.
A cost bill of some interest has also
been added to the papers In the case since
the court's opinion was tiled. Lieutenant
Upham, TJ. S. N.. who wa-s called as a
witness by Countess K?stetlcs to corrobo
rate her allegations of cruelty, has been
allowed $2 witness fees by the court and
forty cents traveling expenses, which cov
ers the legal mileage rate of ten cento a
mile, he having traveled four miles to
reach the court in answer to the sum
mons. '• .-.
Miss Hooper, also a witness for the
plaintiff, was allowed $2 witness fees and
$3 traveling expenses. For advertising
summons $9 was allowed and $8 60 notary s
fees. The costs were not great, it is true,
but, as judgment for costs was against
the Count, it is now urobable that the
payment of the same, If execution is ever
served against him, will cause him dis
content not entirely commensurate with
the amount Involved.
Court Grants Fair Divorcee Right to Re
sume Her Maiden Name.
HE School Directors are in a per
jl plexing predicament.
I They have elected Mrs. Kincaid
JJL to be their worthy president, and
tn the doing of it they have
tangled themselves up in a parliamentary'
and grammatical problem as intricate as
one of their own catch questions at a
quarterly examination.
How shall they address Mrs. Kincaid?
What title is hers by virtue of her high
office and in accordance with parlia
mentary law? These are the questions
that are puzzling the educators and mak
ing them sincerely thankful that they are
not required by the charter to pass a civil
service examination before they may hold
office.
It was Casserly. the gallant of the board
and the accepted authority on "How to
address a lady," that started the dispute.
When Mrs. Kincald was elected president
of the board the Directors naturally looked
to him to do the polite and congratulate
the lady In a manner worthy of them and
of her. Casserly knew exactly what was
expected of him and advanced with his
best bow and Burlingame smile. But he
got no farther. For the first time in his
life the beau fell down in his specialty
and was obliged to turn to others for ad
vice and assistance.
"What do I call her?" he asked In a
frightened stage whisper. That was all
he said. His fellow Directors recognized
the serious problem they had to deal with
and went at once Into secret session.
Exactly what passed behind the closed
doors will never be known, but the tat
tling little bird that hears all things has
chirped something about "Mrs. Presi
dentess." "Madam Chairwoman" and also
a curious bit about asking the lady to
dress for the part so that they might har
monize the mixture of the sexes in the
euphonious "Madam President,"
Yesterday found the board" In exactly
COUNTESS FESTETICS DE TOLNA
DOES NOT WANT TO WEAR A TITLE
with all unnecessary formalities. If they
should -find it necessary to address ms
formally, I believe ihey should addres3
m"e as Madam President. That is the
form in common usage in all woman's
clubs. I consider the term president a
generic one and applicable to woman as
well as man."
Director Denman bristled up when The
Call representative sought for knowledge
as to the proper way to address Mrs. Kin
cald. "Do you want to cover this board
with ridicule?" said the handsome, white
haired Director. "Somehow this question
makes one think of a poor frog in a pond
and a little boy throwing stones at him."
After some little while, when Denman
had been convinced that even if there
were a frog in a pond there was no boy
with stones, he declared himself in favor
of woman in office, aaid he saw no "Im
propriety" in Mrs. Kincald being chosen
president of the board and made©i few
side remarks about the $3000 taxes He paid
out annually, but with the smiling tact of
a diplomat he steered clear of the ques
tion before him. "It's nonsense," he said,
and he positively refused to commit him
self.
Mrs. John Pettee, a iady who has seen
much active service 'In her capacity of
president of various charitable and hu
mane organizations, when questioned on
the subject declared in favor of Madam
President.
"They call me Madam President." she
said, "and I like It. It has such a lovelv
sound that I declare at once in favor of
It."
Mrs. Nellie Blessing Eyster when ap
proached with the perplexing question
decided immediately in favor of Madam
President. "There is no sex In office,"
said Mrs. Eyster. "Man Includes woman,
although I believe some men preclude wo
man. I should address Mrs. Kincaid as
Madam President."
Mrs. Lovell White, the president of tha
California Club, said that Madam Presi
dent was, according co usage, the proper
fashion in which to address Mrs. Kin
cald. "I confess I am at sea. I only
know that it is right bv virtue of common
usage and euphony."
the same indefinite state as existed before
the secret session. Mrs. Kincald, Mr.
Mark. Mrs. Denman and Mr. Casserly
spent the morning in visiting the schools
In the outlying districts and fighting shy
of the troublesome question during recess
time. At 3 o'clock they were on duty at
the board rooms— all except Casserly.
When Inquired for the Information was
given out that Mr. Casserly had gone to
consult Mr. Greenway and Peter Martin
on most Important business and would
probably not return during the afternoon.
Mrs. Kincald, the first lady In the State
to occupy the office of president of a mu
nicipal body, has after the fashion of her
sex disposed, of the vexed question in a
manner if not according to law and gram
mar quite satisfactory to herself.
"I have disposed of that question eas
ily." said. tha lady. "I propose that the
board confer no title whatever upon me
and Just call me plain Mrs. Kincald.
There is nothing formal about our meet
ings. We are Just a body of good f rlenda
meeting to do our best for the public, and
the public interests demand we dispense
Sailors and Officers Tell of How Dis
aster Occurred Which Nearly
Gave Shipful to Davy
Jones.
The Investigation commenced yesterday
before local Inspectors of Steam Vessels
Boiles and Dolgcr of the loss of the steam
schooner Iaqua on Duxbury reef in the
stonu of January 4 developed, if the
stories to!d by the witnesses examined are
true, the fact that due care bad been ex
ercised In the handling of the vessel, and
that her destruction was owing to un
avoidable conditions prevailing at the
tln:e.
Much of the interrogation was held with
the object of brir.girtr out just what
course the vessel was tieering at the time
she struck, and how sne came to follow
the north channel BO tar up the coast
when her destination was San Diego. Ac
cording to the story lold by Alfred Ncl
*or., the second mate, the course was laid
wp^tcrly-r.ortii. 11. Siraonson, the sailor
who was at the wheei when the crash
rarr.e, corroborated the testimony of Ncl-
F.on as to the course tieered. Slmonson
had bee:i at the wheei only ten minutes
before the Iaqua struck. He had relieved
Tolstrum. the sailor who was drowned,
at C o'clock.
First Mate Theobald Dnerback was on
the bridge at the time the vessel struck,
lie said he did not think they were hug
pirp the reef too closely. He saw small
breakers a little time before the vessel
rnmrided. IDu<ri»ack leciared that every
thing occured so quickly that he had no
time to do anything to save the Iaqua
From the rocks. He attributes the disaster
¦i i tie strong current or undertow setting
toward the reef, a_ri<J the fog. When he
-:nne on watch 2105 h'ne was said about
'¦ rcakers. Nelson staled that the ship
iiM not seem to steer well.
The testimony of William Burrill. the
vngineer, was to the effect that the Iaqua
was steaming ahead at from eijjht and
one-half to nine knots an hour. He was
at the lever live minutes before the
Ktrnclc When the vessel grounded on the
rocks he received no orders to ston his
rnchies. which ran for fifteen or twenty
minutes after the first shock. About half
an hour before the disaster the feed Dine
• •11 the port boiler had broken, cutting off
t!i*» supply of water. At almost that time ;
the captain had inquiied how the engines
were running. Burrill also testified as to
leaping into the lifeboat, with the two
!-a:!orf, one of whom was drowned. Th*
boat capsized when about fifty yards j
from the vessel.
Th«* skipper of th* wrecked craft. J.
Bash, told of leaving San Francisco,
bound for San Diego, at 4:30 o'clock on the- [
afternoon of January 4. The course was :
laid half a point farther north than was
usual on account of the high southwest
wind and the mist. At 5:55 the c.ourss
was set for the lightship. Fifteen minutes
later the disaster occurred. On being re
called the captain said that when he went
upon the bridge after the mate had called
him hp saw breakers and thought it was
the Potato Patch. He altered the course
and hauled off, thinking he was making
the north channel, coon after the ship
felt the Duxbury's teeth. Asked as to
how the vessel got ihcad of her loc and
Ir.side her course, the captain blamed the
extraordinary current. "My courses have
always come out correctly." he said. The
value of the Iarjua was $70,000 and it was
covered by insurance, the captain test!- |
ti*>d.
The watch at the forecastle head. Ed
ward Poisen. said that he did not see any
breakers until the Iacua struck.
Captain Jessen of the Eureka told of
the "how d'ye do?" tooting of the Iaqua's
siren as he passed her inbound. He said
that It was the habit of coasters to shave
the Duxbury pretty closely. The inves
tigation will be continued to-day, when
export testimony from coasting captains
v.ill probably be taken.
Skipper of Wrecked Iaqua
Testifies He Mistook
Duxbury for It.
POTATO PATCH
CAPTAIN'S GUESS
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY II, 1901.
Prominent Club Women Take a Hand in- the Matter and Decide That Mrs. Kineaid's
Title According to Law of Usage and Euphony Is Madam President. IE'
BOARD OF EDUCATION IS FACING A MOOT
QUESTION IN GRAMMAR AND PARLIAMENTARY LAW
12
S*.vt> money by buying Vesuvius oil ctock be-
fore they etrike ell; 2Sc till Saturday. See Dr.
J. S. Pott*. «a Parrott bullflin*. •
DR.MQNULTY.
1MHS WKlX-KNOWN* AND RELIABLE OLD
. Specialist cures Blood Poison, <;<>norrh»a,Olee:.
Stricture. Seminal Weakness, Impotence and their
allied Disorders. Roolc on Diseases of Men free
OvrrMTenrsVxpeHeiice.Term^ reasonable. Hoor^I
9U>3dally;C:3>toS.30ev > ic*..Sni>c!:«7s.l0ti> 12. Consul!
tatlou freeand ?acre<ily contldeo'.Ul. Cafl or address
P. ROSCOE McXULTY. H.D
2«>i Kearny St., Man Francisco, CeL
"C. C. C." on Every Tablet
Every tablet of Cascarets Candy
Cathartic bears the famous C. C. C-
Never sold in bulk. Look for it and
accept no other. Beware of fraud.
All druggists, ioc.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE MONEY-SAVING
FURNITURE and CARPET
MOUSE.
OURJNEWSTORES.
It will pay you to visit us and s^e.our new
stock of good poods. Will be pleased to show
you around. Tlie latest deit^TJ"?.' lowest price*
and best of all 10 per cent oft. for cash. Price*
marked In plain figures. Special bargain* la
every department. • *
Office furniture a specialty. Household goods
of every description.
Commence the New Tear by buylns from u»
and save 'meney.
CASH OR CREDIT.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
1015-1017 Market Street,
Tel. South 371. Opp. Taylor st.
THE ART EVENT OF THE
SEASON !
NEW YORK CONSOLIDATED
ORIENTAL 1^ al Ww CO.'S
RENOWNED I 8"? AN COLLECTION
AT PEREMPTORY
AUCTION
TO-DAY— Friday,
At 11 a. m. and 2 i-. m..
308 SUTTER ST.,
This present collection Is an a ?sre nation of
most beautiful and valuable Persian Rugs ever
brought here.
sale: absolute.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIKLP. Auctioneer.
B. H. 'PAUU Manager.
Daw /- illS^ffi^T^'C*^^T^f^Lv^JA
/ and is.bc.ttg ?*J
SUNDAY'S CALL. |
WHAT IS A CHRISTIAN?!
* By Rev. Samuel Slocombe. y
A Colony of Chinese Pirates §
in Our Midst. I
The Best Known Dog on the I
Pacific Coast. i
, Treasures of the White I
House. * f|
How to Teach Toe Dancing. 1
READ THE NEW SERIES OF 1
FUNNY STORIES i |
"Mr. Bowser's Tribulations" 1
" Widow Magoogin Papers."
The Crack Amateur Rifle Shot 1
of America. 1
Peck's Bad Boy and theGro- 1
ceryman in New Yoi k. |
IN ISSUE OF JANUARY THIRrEENlH. |